VOLUME LXXX.— NO. 119.
ALL GOING
TO CHITON
Sixteen Delegations Visit
the Home of Major
McKinley.
FIFTEEN THOUSAND MEN
TURN OUT.
Pilgrimages to the Shrine of the
Republican Nominee Are
Very Popular.
WAGEWORXERS WHO LONG
FOR PROTECTION.
Possibilities of the Nation and the
Way to Prosperity Pointed Out
by the Next President
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 26.— Major Mc-
Kinley made eleven speeches to-day and
spoke to sixteen delegations, numbering
in the aggregate about 15.000 persons.
The delegations were in the main com
posed of laboring men, and the spokes
men in most cases took occasion to assure
Major McKinley that the men came of
their own free will, paid their own fares
and in some cases lost half a day's wages.
The delegations arrived so rapidly this
afternoon that Major McKinley could not
take time to shake bands with his callers,
and he is a good deal less fatigued to-night
than be would have been had he grasped
the hands of several thousand persons.
Next week wiil be an active one. There
are two or more delegations scheduled for
every day except Saturday, when there
will be fifteen. s
Major McKinley's most active day of
the campaign commenced with the call of
the Peoria Republican Traveling Men's
(Jlub. The Peoria men, 200 in number,
left home at 2 o'clock Fri iay afternoon
and reached here at 9:20 this morning.
Tuis delegation traveled further than any
that has visited Major McKinley save the
one which came from Vermont.
Major McKinley was enthusiastically
cheered when he appeared on the porch.
In response to the remarks of Spokesman
Graff, Major McKinley said:
I am more than glad to greet at my home the
Traveling Men's RepuDltcau Club of the city of
Peoria. I congratulate you upon the thriving
city and glorious State in which you live, it
Is, by the census, the third State in the Amer
ican Union. It comes to few States to have
furnished to this glorious Union the matchless
men you have furnished— Yates and Oglesby
and thet splendid statesman and patriot,
John A. Logan, and that great Democrat, Ste
phen A. Douglas, who loved his country more
than he loved his party and supported Mr.
Lincoln in that crucial period in the history
of the Republic. [Applause.] And no man
can think of your great State without recalling
that you furnished Abraham Lincoln, the
mightiest statesman of the country. [Ap
plause.] And General Ulysses S. Grant, the
greatest warrior of the Republic. [Renewed
Cheering.] When Abraham Lincoln issuea
bis immortal proclamation of liberty
the whole world knew that wnat
Lincoln had decreed Grant would execute with
the thunder of his artillery. [Great applause
and cries of "Good, good!"] I am glad to
know that your prospects are so eood for a
Bplenaid victory in Illinois this year. [Tre
mendous cheering nd cries of "We will give
McKinley 150,000."] What a spectacle, my
friends, to the world in this Government of
70,000,000 of free people governed by them
selves and governing themselves, changing
their Chief Executive every four years and
their law-making power every two years, if it be
their will so to do, and the Government going
on without halt or interruption, working out
what 70,000,000 of people from time to time
believe will subserve their highest destiny.
More than 120 years have passed since the
Government waB founded, ana in every trial
of our history we have demonstrated our ca-
pacity for sell-government, and shown to all
mankind tne blessings and advantages of the
Bepubiic. [Great applause and cries of "That's
right!"]
Now and then in our popular elections we
may have been swayed by passion or moved
by the demagogue from our moorings; but the
American people are never fooled but once on
b subject. [Cheera.] For when once deceived
they never follow the deceiver the second time.
[Renewed cheering and cries of "Right!"] I
have known and so have you times in our his
tory when the majority of the people were
made to believe that certain policies would
serve their best interests and when it trans
pired that tbey did not they swiftly turned
upon the party which deceived them and
turned it out of power [cheers and cries oi
"Good, good!"] and they will do it again. The
Judgment of the people is swift and terrible
against those who mislead and delude them.
The people are never led astray by deceit or
misrepresentation when they investigate for
themselves. This they are doing this year in
a marked degree. It is of no avail that party
leaders appeal to passion when the people are
alive to their own and the public Interests.
It will not do to say to the men who
are poor in this world's goods, "You must
• et off by yourselves, form a class of your
own, your interests are opposed to those who
employ you." Thai is uoi enough this year.
The poor man Inquires: "What coo i will that
do met How will that better my condition?
How will that bring bread to my family and
cheer to my children? Will I b • benefited by
despoiling my employer? Will it give me
more employment and better wages to strike
down those whose money is invested in pro
ductive enterprises which give me wot k and
wages?" Four years ago it was said that the
manufacturer was making too much money.
You retnemDer it. But that cannot be said
now. [Cries of "No. no."] And that the rob
ber tar.fl which was enriching him must be
lorn up root and branch, to the end that he
6hould be deprived of what some people were
pleased to call his "ill-gotten gains." The
country Beemed to share la the suggestion and
the trial was entered upon, with what result
every manufacturer, commercial man, travel
ing man or workingman best knows. It has
been discovered to our hurt and sorrow that
you cannot injure the manufacturer without
injuring the laborer. [Applause and cries of
"That 1 * right."] It has been found too,' that
you cannot injure the manufacturer without
injuring the whole business of the country.
[Renewed cries of "That's righ:."]
You may close the shops by adverse tariffs,
because you imagine the manufacturer is
making too much, but with tiiat done you
close the door of employment in the lace of
the laborer, whose only capital is his labor.
inA & a *•*• - -. -i" *r 'T'*iWzmG • *
j^j w am^ 1* Itf
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 27, 1 890— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
[Great cheering.] You cannot punlsu the- oue
without punishing the other, and our policy
would not inflict the Bliuhtest injury upon
either. [Applause.] In such a case "getting
off together" does not do either any good.
Array iiiy labor against capital is a public
calamity and an irreparable injury to both.
Class appeals are dishonest and dishonor
able. They only calculate to separate those
who should be united, for our economic in
terests are common and indivisiole. Rather,
my ieiluw-citizens, teach the doctrine thatit is
the duty and privilege of every man to rise.
That with honest industry he can advance
hims«lf to the best place in the shop, the store,
the counting-house or in the learned profes
sions.
This is the doctrine of equality and oppor
tunity that is woven In every fiber of our Na
tional being [great applause], a doctrine which
has enabled the poorest boy with the hum
blest surroundings to reach the best place in
our great industries and in the highest trusts
which can be bestowed by a generous people.
Gentleruenj and I speak to my countrymen
everywhere, if you have not yourselves been
among the most fortunate, I pray you thint of
your boys and girls and pltice no obstacles in
their pntliway to the realization of every lofty
anu honorable ambition which they may have.
[Great applause.] I pray God that the burdens
of class may never be imposed upon American
manhood and American womanhood. [Re
newed and continued applause.]
The "second delegation to reach the Me-
Kinley residence was one of 2500 em
ployes of the Jones <fc Laughlin Company
of Pittsbarg. Tney marched up witn
four bands of music and made an impres
sive showing on the streets. The whole
delegation passed into the yard, and made
the most compact and densely massed
crowd Major McKinley has addressed. A
local glee club sang a campaign song, and
then Major McKinley stepped out on the
porch. The lusty workinpmen broke into
a storm of cheers. The spokesman, C. C.
Briggs, said the delegation contained a
large number of men who have hitherto
been uncompromising Democrats. In re
sponse to the spokesman's thoughtful ad
dress Major McKinley said:
I am highly honored by this call from the
workingmen of the great Jones-Laughlin estab
lishment of ti.ecityof Pittsburg. [Great ap
plause.] Mr. Lincoln ome said that the ques
tion of a tariff was a question of National
housekeeping; thai we must have a tariff
which would supply the mealtubof the Gov
ernment and not intertere with the mcaltub
of the people. The mealtub of the Govern
ment has been very low for tne last Uiree
years and a half [cries of "That's right!"], and
the mcaltub of the people has also Deen very
materially lessened. [Applause] Now, what
we want in this country, whether we be Demo
crats or Republicans, is such a tariff policy
as will secure to the Federal treasury ample
revenue to run the Government and protect
American labor and American workingmen
from the competition of the cheaper labor of
other lands. [Great cheering and cries of
"Hurrah for McKiniuy !"] There is no man in
this audience, I care not what may be his na
tionality, I care not what his past party affilia
tions, who does not know that this country has
enjoyed throughout its history the highest
and largest prosperity when we were living un
der an American protective system. [Great ap
plause] There never was such great prosper
ity in this country as there was from 1880 to
1892 [Cries of "That's so!"], and we had then a
protective tariff which defended American
wages and American markets from foreign
competition, and we had at the same time ft
monetary system which gave to this country
the best money known in the world. [Great
applause.] I am proud of the State of Penn
sylvania, becau.-e that glorious State has
always led on this great doctrine of a protec
tive tariff for the American people. fApplau.se
and a voice: "You will find out what we will
do in November, Major. "j We must get back
to thet plane of prosperity from which we ran
away in 1892. \'y fellow-citizens, I make no
personal appeal to you. I make no appeal for
mere party's sake In this contest. This is a
Government of ihe people. Every man has an
equal right with every other man, but I appeal
to you in the interest of your own work, in the
interest of your own wages, in the interest of
your own families and your own households,
to cast your vote for that party and for those
principles which will best subserve those great
interests. [Tremendous applause and cries of
"We will."J
Not only do we want a protective policy in
the United States, but we want sound money.
When labor is paid it must insist upon being
paid in good do.lurs worth 100 cents everyday
and everywhere. [Applause and cries of "Good,
good."] Labor loses more by a depreciated cur
rency than any other part of our population.
[Criesof "Thafuright."] The men wbo have
money keep their finger upon the financial
pulse. They know what is the bestmo: ey and
they know what is the poorest money and they
always pass out the poorest that will pass cur-
Delegates Cheering the Nomination of William J, Blattner for Sheriff by the Republican County Convention at the Auditorium Last Night.
"John D. Spreckels, California is with you/'
rent, and the history of mankind is that when
we have poor money that poor money lodges
in the hands of the poor men of the country,
and when the crash comes they suffer the loss.
[Great applause.]
The third speech was listened to by (our
large delegations. i\ T. Dearmit was
spokesman for a large delegation of Turtle
Creek miners; E. J. Salt for tne Crescent
Iron and Steel Workers; J. W. Williams
for the Etna and J*harpsburg visitors, and
Captain J. L. Chatfonr. for the employes
of the Pittsburg Locomotive and Engine
Work?. Replying to these addresses,
Major McKinley said :
My fellow-citizens of Pennsylvania, for you
seem to be all here to-day. [Laughter £.nd
applause.] Those who were in this audience
were in a previous one. and those who are not
here or were then are to be here later in the
day. {Loud laughter and applause.] I bid
you a'.l a warm and hearty we. come. I am
glad to meet the miners, the steel-workers and
all the rest of you who have honored me with
your presence to-day. I am very proud of the
State of Pennsylvania; proud of her work
shops, of her workingmen, of her farms, of her
mines and her Republican majorities. [Cries
of "Hurrah for the next President."] Now, I
don't care wtiat may be your occupation, you
are not prosperous unless there is a demand
for your labor. Unless somebody wants what
you have you will not be prosperous. [Ap
plause.]
Unless somebody wants coal, no coal will be
mined, and if no coal is mined, no miners will
be employed. [Cries of "That's true."] The
more steel and iron and locomotives ana
[Continued on Third Page,]
CONVENTION'S WORK ENDED,
A Strong Ticket for the
Suffrages of the
People.
PROVIDING FOR A CON
TINGENCY.
Nominations Were Made and
Ratified With the Greatest
Enthusiasm.
CHAIRMAN RIORDAN TELLS ALL
ABOUT THE CONFERENCE.
And Tells Why the Republican Convention oi
San Franeiseo Refused to Allow Kelly and
Mahoney to Take Control of the
City's Destiny.
THE REPUBLICAN TICKET.
Mayor — C. L. Taylor.
Auditor — William A. Deane*
Treasurer— A. C. Wtdber.
Superintendent of Streets — George W.
Elder.
Tax Collector— Cord H. Wetjen.
Attorney and Counselor — John R.
Aitken.
Surveyor— Charles S. Tilton.
Superintendent of Schools — Reginald
H. Webster.
AWAITING THE SUPKKM1C COUJKT.
District Attorney— W. S. Barnes.
Clerk— C. F. Curry.
Coroner— Dr. Hawkins.
Sheriff— William Blattner.
Recorder — E. A- Latzgen.
Public Administrator — Sylvester
Shaben.
Judges of the Superior Court — John
Hunt, Charles Cook, C. H. Bonestell,
J. Finn.
Police Judges — James A. Campbell,
H. L. Joachimsen, A- B. Treadwell, C.
A. Low.
Justices of the Peace— Frank H. Ker
rigan, G. W. F. Cook, O. K. McMurray,
C. G. Groezinger, J. E. Barry.
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS.
First Ward— John Hayes.
Second Ward— D. M. Westenberger.
Third Ward— John L. Hnnly.
Fourth Ward — Joseph Steffens.
Fifth Ward— Thomas A Walkington.
Sixth Ward — John Lachmann.
Seventh Ward — James H. Daly.
Eighth Ward— Thomas Morton.
Ninth Ward— Richard J. Heilmann.
W PRMT^ FIVE CENTS.
Tenth Ward— Edward J. Smith.
Eleventh Ward— Charles M. Depew.
Twelfth Ward-Edward Eigeltinger. .
_
BOARD OF EDUCATION.
Dr. J. H. Super, Dr. B. H. Mattnor, K.
Xh Head, W. T. Kibbler, J. I.. Halitead,
Phillip Hammond, William Powers,
William A. Kemp, Dr. G. I. Drucker, F.
Im Turpin, George A. Kohn, C. E.
Fredericks.
j TJnexplred term— Dr. J. H. Soper*
Thomas K. Knot. _ . ■ .
SENATORS.
' Seventeenth District— Jf. H. Buruham.
Nineteenth District— T. Dare.
Twenty-first District— E. I. Wolfe.
Twenty-third District— J. Welch Jr
Twenty- fifth District — Thomas W.
Chandler. : --£ •-.'■'"-■' ■
ASSEMBLYMEN.
Twenty-eighth District— Ken«
nison.
i wenty-ninth — James E. Flyun.
. Thirtieth— Henry SI. Kelly.
Thirty-first— T. J. Sullivan.
Thirty-second — Jeremiah Lacy*
: -third— It. Rasmussen.
Thirty-fourth— P. D. Code Jr.
Tbirty-fl th— C. I.. Hedemark.
Thirty-sixth— William H. Gloason.
Thirty-seventh — George A. Went*
worth.
Thirty-eighth— Gas Pohlman.
Thirty-ninth— Leon E. Jones.
Fortieth — Sig Bettman.
Forty-first— Henry C Dibble.
KEW TO-DAI.
Purifies and Beautifies
by restoring to healthy
activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gish* Overworked Pores.
Bold throughout the world. Pottm Dbdo ajt»
Cm*. CoEr.,Hole Prop., Bonton, V. 8. A.
»-"Bow to Purify and Beautify ths Skin," mailed free.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best stylo.
ETER7 GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
F" SS8 F^ for a picture of our I
Factory, we will mail one to you free I
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADOBESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
california.2
Forty-s«scond— Lorenzo A. Henry.
Forty-third— Fred Lundquigt.
Forty-foarth — Joseph Merani.
Forty-firth— Joseph O'Hanlon.
COUNTY COMMITTKE.
Twenty-eight District— Al HouitoD,
James H. Daly, T. F. Bryant.
Twenty-ninth— John Browning, John
J. Glynn, J. J. Crowley.
Thirtieth— Charles A. Berliner, James
Fallou, F. E. Wallace.
Thirty-first— Charles H. Clear, William
Smadeke, P. Pendergast.
fcThirty-second — Richard Bellmann,
John Ahearn, Samuel Hamilton.
Thirty-third — F. J. Conu, James
fcately. William 3IcCue.
Tliirty- fourth — Kichard Scbleuter,
Henry Slayers, William C. Raigch.
Thirty-fifth — Martin Fragley, Isaac
Thompsor. Robert Sl»fford.
Thirty - sixlh — C. W. Manwaring,
Alonzo Davidson, Lincoln Savage.
Thirty-seventh— J. AJva Watt, Fred
Kguers, P. B. McCarthy.
Thirty-eighth— lirove P. Ay«rs, J. I<.
Koster, Henry Jacobs.
Thirty-ninth- A. A. Louderback, C.
Kreidenstein, K. H. Smith.
Fortieth— David Short, Jesse Marks,
James Simpson.
Forty-first— C. J. Clinch, George H.
Walker, William Cluff.
Forty-second— J. M. Chretien, H. N.
Gray, W. O. Banks.
Forty-third— V. ,J. Walsh, M. J.
II i mi, John Mullen.
Forty-fourth— J. Bacigalnpi, Phil J.
KraiiKgrill, E. M. Buckley.
Fort y-fifth — Henry Lewis, Jamei Mc
»ar, Thomas Sheehan.
The Republican County Committee com
pleted its labors last evening, and put up
a ticket tuat will meet with the hearty in
dorsement of all good citiiens.
It will be observed on scanning the
names that they are of men fresh from the
plain people and in thorough accord with
them.
The session was harmonious, the only
ripple being a protest against the selection
ot two or three of the county committee
men, but that matter was straightened out
to the satisfaction of ail.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
No Chances to Be Taken on the
Decision of the Supreme Court.
The convention was called to order by
Chairman Riorclan.
A supplemental report was received
from the committee on organization and
order of business, recommending that, in
view of the uncertainty attending the oat
come in the case of Kahu vs. Adolph
Butro et al., the convention should pro
ceed to the nomination of candidates for
the offices of District Attorney, County
Clerk, Recorder, Coroner, Sheriff and Pub
lic Administrator; also that the County
Committee shall consist of three from
each Assembly district, instead of two,
and that there shall be one member at
large. The report was adopted.
The following resolution was unani
mously adopted :
Retolvat, That when this convention ad
journs at the close of its final business it
shall stand adjourned subject to the call of the
chairman, who la hereby empowered to recon
vene it if deemed necessary.
A motion to the effect that each nomi
nee to the office of School Director be re
quired to deposit $10 called forth a con
iused hubbub of voices. On being put to
a vote a auavering concert of ayes and a
thundering chorns of noes decided its
fate.
Nominations for the position of District
Attorney were declared in order. J. Aiva
Watt took the stage to offer a resolution,
which was as follows:
Resolved, That trie Republican Municipal,
Legislative. Judicial and Educational Conven
tion of 1896 Hereby expresses to the Hon.
Thomas D. Riorclan its cordial appreciation of
the masterly ability, absolute Impartiality and
unvarying courtesy displayed by him in the
discharge of his patriotic duty as chairman of
tfcis convention. We recognize in him an
able, fearless, ardent and devoted champion
of our political rights, and with great pleasure
we recommend his appointment by this con
vention as a delegate at large to the Repub
lican County Committee ot the City end
County of San Francisco, State of California.
The resolution was adopted unani
mously with cheers and a tiger.
Chairman Riordan thanked the conven
1ion, and said that he would accord to ail
members of the convention equal rights,
equal privileges and an equal amount of
courtesv.
A res elation was introduced constitu
ting the County Committee of three mem
bers from «ach Assembly district, naming
the members by districts, and also provid
ing for the election of a delegate at large,
and naming Thomas D. Riordan as dele
gate at large.
Some protest was made when the list of
members by districts were read in the
Twenty-eighth and Thirty-second dis- I
tricts.
General Salomon also demanded to
know by what authority the third mem
ber by districts had been named.
Several delegates were on their feet at
once, and during this period Martin Ste
vens withdrew his resolution.
A motion to adjourn for ten minutes
was lost.
Tne nomination of District Attorney
was declared to be next in order.
Martin Stevens took the stage and
placed in nomination for District Attor
ney. W. S. Barnes; for County Clerk, C.
F. Curry; for Coroner, Dr. Hawkins — the
incumbents of these offices. He said that
he did this in accordance with custom.
These are all Republicans.
The nominations lor the three offices
named were declared closed, and the can
didates were nominated by acclamation.
The candidates not taking tha stage, a
voice from the gallery shouted : ""Why do
you not have them come forward and in
dorse the platform?"
"The convention," said Chairman Rior
dian, "will transact its business without
the aid of the galleries."
The nomination for Sheriff was then
made.
General Salomon mounted the platform
*nd said:
Mr. Chuirman and Gentlemen of the Con
vention : I have the honor in placing in nom
i laiion for the office of Sheriff a gentleman
veil known to you all. He lilled the oflice of
County Clerk with singular ability and to the
satisfaction of the public, turning over his
papers, bis books and his office in the very
Dest order to his successor, and when I say to
you that my nominee is William J. Blattner I
seed say no more.
Delegate Durst seconded the nomina
tion with the remark that Mr. Blattner
was a fighter and a veteran; that his
fight would be for the Democrats a Water
loo, and that its issue would be a Repub
lican triumph. There were no other
nominations and Blattner was unani
mousiy nominated by acclamation.
The nomination for County Recorder
was passed and nominations for members
of the Board of Supervisors were taken
up.
Oeneral Salomon nominated John
Hayes to the office of Supervisor from the-
First Ward. In a few words be gave a
sketch of the proposed nominee's honor
able career as an officer in the Harbor
police. The nomination was made by
acclamation.
Frank H. Powers proposed D. M. West
enberger as Supervisor from the Second
Ward, who was forthwith nominated by
acclamation.
General Salomon nominated for Super
visor of the Third Ward John L. Hanly,
and said that he is a laboring man and
that he would be an honor to the board.
There were several seconds from the floor.
The nomination was ratified unanimously.
Mr. Powers then nominated as Super
visor from the Fourth Ward Joseph
Steffens, who was also nominated by accla
mation.
H. C. Firebaugh "seconded the nomina-
M. J. WELCH, Regular Republican Candidate for Senator in the
Twenty-Third District*
For Supervisor for the Fifth Ward
Frank H. Powers nominated Thomas A.
Q. Walkington, a warehouse man, a mem
ber of the Produce Exchange and a prom
inent business man, who would add
strength to the ticket. The nomination
was made unanimous by acclamation.
As Supervisor from the Sixtn Ward
Thomas H. Durst proposed John Lach
man, who he said had come to this coast
and prospered with its prosperity, a man
of the people who would do his duty. The
nomination was acclaimed with much
cheering.
lion of Steffens. The convention unani
mously ratified.
James H. Daly was proposed by T. F.
Bryant as Supervisor from the Seventh
Ward.
The same procedure was followed as in
the preceding nominations.
For Supervisor from the Eighth Ward
Thomas Morton was named and also
Thomas Desmond, the last named being
nominated by R. Ringrose. The roll was
called, with the following result: Morton
188, Desmond 34.
During the rollcall General Salomon
announced the vote of the Thirty-sixtu j
District as 16 to 1, 16 for Morton and 1 for '
Desmond. The Thirty-eighth District had I
a rollcall which developed that the delega
tion was solid for Morton.
For the Ninth Ward Richard J. Hfii!
mann was nominated as "a property
owner and taxpayer, a native son, and j
last but not least among his qualifications, ■
the father of nine children."
For iSuper\isor from the Tenth Ward
the name of Edward J. Smith was pro
posed by Frederick Elliott as being one
who represented more taxpayers, church
members, property-owners and good fel
lows than most men. He was nominated
by acclamation amid much applause.
Frank Powers nominated as Supervisor
from the Eleventh Ward Charles M. De
pew. Mr. Powers paid a compliment to ;
Supervisor Hobbs and then said that i
j Depew, whom he named, was the presi- j
dent of the Millers' Association and a I
member of the Builders' Exchange. Judge j
Denson seconded the nomination of De
pew, which was made unanimous.
Edward Eigeltinger was proposed for
nomination to the post of Supervisor
from the Twelfth Ward and nominated
by acclamation.
Tne nominees for the Board of Super
visors tooK the stage in a body and
formed a line lacing the audience. While i
standing here thev were repeatedly '
cheered. Chairman Riordan introduced
them and then said in their buhaii that
they assured him that they indorse*! j
j every planK in the platform. The candi
dates then re tired.
Mr. Durst remtroduced the resolution
naming the County Committee, with •
Thomas D. RUt Ian as member-at-large j
and three members from each Assembly
district, all of whom were named, pre
facing the reading with brief explanatory
remarks.
When Mr. Durst had finished reading he j
moved tne adoption of the resolution.
Several delegates were on their feet to
speak, but the previous motion was called.
The motion was declared to be carried and
the report was also declared adopted on a
i viva voce vote.
Robert Ash, chairman of the committee
of ten on the nomination ot the Board of
School Directors, made a report, naming |
the following candidates:
Dr. Soper, Dr. E. H. Mattner, E. L.
Head, W. T. Kibbler. J. L. Halatead,
Philip Hammond, William Powers, Wil
liam A. Kemp, Dr. Drucker, F. L. Turpin,
George A. Kohn and C. E. Fredericks.
The adoption of the report of the com
mittee of ten coming before the commit
tee, Frank H. Powers moved that the
name of Thomas R. Ktioi be substi
tuted for the name of Camp.
The point of order was taken that the
report of the committee could not be |
amended and the chair ruled this to be |
well taken. The convention refused to i
amend the report, and then adopted the
report unanimously and unanimously
nominated the candidates named in the
report.
W. H. Schooler of the Forty-first Dis
trict said that in the adoption of the reso
lution naming the County Committee
some dissatisfaction bad been caused in
that district. The delegation had agreed
on George H. Walker as the third mem
ber of the committee from that district.
E. J. Casey resigned, and Walker was
named as tne man.
Henrv Jacobs of th6 Thirty-ninth Dis
trict offered his resignation as a member
of the County Committee. The conven
tion promptly voted to lay his resignation
on the table.
Nominations for the posts of Recorder
and Public Administrator were then called
for. E. A. Lutzgen was proposed for the
first-named position and Sylvester Shaben
for the latter, the nominations in both
cases being made unanimous.
Treasurer Widber was nominated for
the unexpired term in his present office by
acclamation, as were also Dr. Soper and
Director Knox for the unexpired terms on
the Board of Education.
The County Committee was authorized
to fill any vacancies which may occur on
the ticket after the adjournment of the
convention.
The chair was authorized to appoint the
purity committee.
The nominations for Senators and As
semblymen were announced from the
different districts. The list appears at
the head of this column.
Chairman Riordan named as members
of the purity committee the following:
J. A. Watt, Fran's Powers, Maurice L
Anher, H. W. Fraser and 8. C. Denson.
The nominations and appointments all
having been made a motion to adjourn
was made, but the chair said that there
was business yet to come up. He then
described what had happened at a con
ference where a proposition was submitted
by the Kelly-Mahoney faction.
Tne Kelly - Mahoney faction wanted
nothing less than the destruction of this
convention, the disorganization of the
County Committee and a surrender to
Kelly and Mahoney. [Hisses and cries of
"Never 1"]. There was no equity — no
justice in their demands; nothing which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBJ5K 27, 1896.
would commend itself to the judgment of
any honest and sensible man.
"We aaid," added Mr. Riordan, "that
we desired harmony, but we could not en
tertain any proposition on the basis of
turning over the Republican party to Kelly
and Mahoney.
The Repuolican party has had enough
of their leadership in the past. The facta
have been set forth in a written communi
cation to the State Central Committee,
which sets forth ttiat the legality of the
County Committee has never been ques
tioned by any one in the City and County
excepting Jvelly and Mahoney. "We
have rights," said Chairman Riordan in
conclusion, "and we intend to maintain
them."
Henry C. Dibble made a brief but stir
ring speech in favor of harmony and
union.
Police Judge Campbell, who was cheered
repeatedly, also spoke to the same effect,
pledging himself to do his duty in the
event of his re-election.
John T. Dare followed in a similar
strain, after which the convention ad
journed, with cheers for its nominees and
lor Chairman Riordan and for McKinley.
A BEAUTIFUL BANNER.
A Home-Made Product for the Re
publican State Central Com
mittee.
The Union League Club has presented
to the Republican State Central Cnrnmit
the a beautiful banner, which was sus
pended across Market street, opposite the
Palace Hotel, yesterday. The work is
home-made, the artist being M. Stein, and
the portraits have been pronounced by
competent judges to be works of art.
The motto on the banner is peculiarly
happy and appropriate, being "The Re
publican party stands for honest money
and the chance to earn it."
A large crowd witnessed the hanging of
the banner and gave three cheers when it
went up.
It is a credit to the club, and is highly
appreciated by the Republican Committee.
♦ ,
A. Majority for McKInley.
On the early morning train from Santa
Rosa to this City yesterday were over 400
representative citizens. In order to pass
the time away a stiaw vote was taken for
Presidential candidate. The total vote
amounted to 423, and of thiB McKinley re
ceived 248 votes to Bryan's 175. A number
of such votes have been taken recently on
the trains and the results appear to be
about the same.
BENT ON DESTRUCTION.
Keliy and Mahoney Refuse to
Let tie Republican Party
Aione.
Tbe Executive Committee of the Stale
Central Committee Will S'tt'e
the Matter.
Efforts to induce Martin Kelly to desist
from bis purpose to defeat the Republican
ticket in this City were resumed yesterday
afternoon at 12:30 o'clock in the rooms of
the Republican State Central Committee.
Mr. Kelly refused to keep off his hands
and Major McLaughlin announced that
be would lay the matter before the execu
tive committee of the State Central Com
mittee at a meeting to be held by them to
morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock, when they
would take what ac:ion they should deem
proper for the best interest of the party.
There were present yesterday Chairman
McLaughlin of the Republican Stale Cen
tral Committee, H. P. Sonntag, J. H. Ma
honey, Martin Kelly and A. Ruef for the
disorganizes and T. D. Riordan, John
Chretien, Martin Stevens and J. Alva
Watt for the Republican County Conven
tion.
Mr. Riordan read a written statement
setting forth that the Republican County
Convention had been organized legally,
from the proper authority, and in accord
ance with the established usage ot tbe
Republican and every other party for the
past thirty years. He called upon Martin
Kelly and Senator Mahoney to abandon
their filibustering schemes and march
abreast with the Republican party to
which they were supposed to belong.
This proposition was rejected, and Mr.
Riordan declined to waste any more time
on the matter.
A letter, of which the following is a
copy, wa3 sent to tbe State Central Com
mittee rooms yesterday afternoon:
430 California Street, >
San Francisco, Cal., September 25, 1896. {
Son. Frank McLaughlin, ( hairman Republi
can State Central Committee, Palace Hotel, City—
Dear Sib: We call to your attention the iact
that there exists to-day locally In the Repub
lican party a breach between two factions,
which, unless Immediately stopped, is going
to cost the National ticket thousands of votes,
la view of this impending misfortune tbe
undersigned, deeply interested In tbe
success of tbe National ticket, would Im
press upon you that unless steps are at
once taken by the State Central Committee to
stop toe wrangle the National ticket will
suffer severely thereby. That it lies within
the province of the State Central Committee
to step In and exercise its rights goes without
saying. We would respectfully suggest that
the Republican State Central Committee* be con
vened at once, and that a representation of fif
teen prominent Republican taxpayers of this
City be invited to attend the session, with a
view of amicably settling this dispute. In the
meantime, these two local factions are in ses
sion and are making their nominations and
may possibly adjourn, and we would most re
spectfully suggest tbe propriety of requesting
the executive officers of the two conventions
to postpone adjournment until they have
beard from your honorable body.
We do not wish to dictate any course to be
pursued by the body of which yon are the ,
honored chairman, but we have the single
purpose of elt-ctiug McKinley to the Presi
dency of the United States. If prompt action
is taken we can save many votes tor MeK.iu.ey
and Hobart which would otherwise go to
Palmer and Buckner if this wrangle con
tinues.
There is no question but that the State
Central Committee could be convened by
Monday next if tne wires were used in calling
it together on one of the most important
and vital questions that is now confronting
the Republican party of California. We re
mnin, very truly yours,
Julian SonntaV, M. H. Hecht, Lewis Gerstle,
Louis Sloss, Henry J. Crocker, A. G. Bootn, Al
bert Dernhain, Horace Davis, Wakefield Baker,
A. J. kaiston. Frank L. Grown, F. W. Van Sick
len, Irving M. Scott, Levi Strauss, P. N.Lilien
thal, A. Gerberding. L. P. Drexler, \\ illiam L.
Merry, A. II. Phelps, Morris M. Estee.
FOB SCHOOL DIRECTORS
Additional Nominees of the Citi
zyes' Independent Con
vention.
More Candidates for Senators, Super
visors and Assemblymen
Announced.
The Citizens' Independent Convention
settled down last evening to business im
mediately after Chairman Fitch rapped
for order.
The fascination attending politics to the
majority of men, but more particularly to
the beginners, was so great that very few
of the delegates remained away.
This was made manifest to such a
marked degree that the chief bolters of
the convention on the night of iti organ
ization had returned repentant and sub
missive, and all joined in examining the
subjects presented by the committee
which had been deputized to select suita
ble material for the remainder of the Su-
Servisors and the full board of School
tirectors.
The convention gave the result to the
members of the press, who were not per
mitted to enter the convention hall.
The following were declared the nom
inee*:
School Directors— C. Henderson, J. H. Gray,
J. F. Crossett, J. D. Scott, Wallace Bradford,
Dr. W. D. Clark, J. H. Wiley, C. J. King, B. E.
Meyer, 8. H.'Dutton, G. L. HaJstsdt.
Supervisors— First Ward, G. Ratto: Second,
D. W. \Vessenberg; Sixth, W. E. Lane; Eightn,
Thomas Morton.
ASSEMBLYMEN*.
Thirty-second District— Neils Larsen.
Thirty-fourth District— S.L. Lent.
Thirty-seventh District — George A. Went
•worth.
Forty-first District— S. P. Blumenberg.
Forty-fourth District— J. F. Martinoni.
THE STUAET QUEEN.
Princess Louis of Bavaria, L,ait Lineal
Descendant of the Stuarts.
Princess Louis of Bavaria, who is re
garded by the English Jacobites as the de
jure Queen of Great Britain, being the
last lineal descendant of the Stuarts, is re
markable for|the homeliness of her appear
ance, the size of her family and the dis
agreeable nature of her character. She has
no less than fourteen children, and her
three eldest boys have each of them dis
tinguished themselves by running away
from nome on account of the harshness of
parental treatment and the ridiculous
sruallness of the monetary allowance ac
corded to them.
Thus nt the time when Prince Charles,
the second son, bolted a couple of years
ago to Hamburg, with the intention of
shipping as a sailor before the mast, the
fact was brought to light vhat, although
he waa more than 19 years of age and an
officer of one oi the crack regiments at
Munich, he was restricted by ins father
and mother to $2 a week pocket money.
Princess Louis has never yet given" any
sign of acceptance of the allegiance offered
to her by those ultra legitimists of Great
Britain who style themselves members of
ibe Order of the Wnite Hose, and who use
a postage stamp with her portrait on their
letters. (This stamp not being recognised
by the postal union has to be supple
mented, of course, by an ordinary stamp
placed alongside.)
iShe is prooably content with the knowl
edge that she is destin- d in course of time
to become Queen of Bavaria, a kingdom in
which Bhe already occupies the position
of first lady, for tne present King is under
restraint as an incurable lunatic, and her
fatner-in-law, who rules the country as
Regent, is an aged man, well on toward
the eighties. Her husband, who has re
cently attracted much public attention by
the sensational speech which he delivered
at Moscow, declaring that the princes of
the confederation known as the German
empire were not vassals of the Emperor,
bin allies of the King of Prussia and
his equal in rank, is a middle-sized,
heavy-ieatured man, with a Jong, black
beard and small, stern eyes. He is famous
for his Knowledge of entomology, and
may be described as the leading bug
hunter in Germany. Deeply versed in the
habits of ants, beetles, bees, wasps, flies,
earwigs and even of that diminutive game
which Mark Twain so graphically de
scribes as chamois.no insect that is con
genitally addicted to flying, crawling or
wriggling is unfamiliar to Bavaria s fu
taue King. He is as bigoted a Catholic as
his v.ile, who shares his horror of Em
peror William's aggressive Protestantism,
and the couple lose no opportunity of
publicly showing to what extent they re
gard tne Hohenzollern and the entire
court of Berlin as parvenus.— New York
Tribune.
Gibraltar's Importance to England.
Gibraltar, about 1000 miles from Eng
land, is of immense importance as being
the great watch-tower from which the
movements of warships can be observed
and telegraphed as they pass into and oat
of the Mediterranean Sea. Moreover, situ
ated as it is near the flank of our trade
routes both to the cape ana the West In
dies and South America, it is the point at
which vessels would naturally call for
news, orders, coal and protection during
the continuance of a war. When you
consider that in every second of
time twenty tons of shipping go out
or come into our home ports, and that,
as a matter of fact, the stream is continu
ous and never ceases, and that the value of
the sea-borne trade of the British empire
is calculated at £930.000,000, of which about
£250,000,000 neither comes to nor goes
from the United Kingdom, it seems
difficult to exaggerate the value of th«
fortress of Gibraltar or to realize the con
gestion of British shipping which might
seek its protection in war. It has at
present no drydocks. Its garrison con
sists of seven companies of artillery, four
companies of engineers and three com
panies of infantry. It is the meeting
place of our channel and Mediterranean
squadrons. The roads do not afford safe
anchorage in all winds, and an enemy
could conceivably shell them if he
mounted heavy guns on Spanish soil. —
National Review.
A Great Hit.
A comedian in a Paris theater recently
made a great hit out of a painful incident.
While in a bit of horse-play on the stage,
he struck his head violently, entirely Dy
accident, against one of the pillars of* the
scene on the stage.
On hearing the thud everybody uttered
a cry.
•'No harm done," said the comedian.
"Just hand me a napkin, * glass of water
and a salt-cellar."
These were brought. He sat down,
folded the napkin in the form of a band
age, dipped it in the glass and emptied
tne salt-cellar on the wet part. Having
thus prepared a compress according to
prescription, and when every one expected
be would apply it to his forehead he
gravely rose and tied it round the pillar.
The house roared again.
MILE IN m ON
STOCKTON TRUCK
Del Norte's Fast Time in
the 2:10 Class Pac
ing Event.
LOUPE AGAIN ASLEEP.
Surprising Reversal of Form
Shown by the Equine
Phenomenon.
STELLA SHOWS HER HEELS.
Wins Two Heats of the 2:22 Trotting
Race— All Bets on the Sprint
Declared Off.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept 26.— The race
meet was brought to a close to-day with
another track record broken, the black
horse Del Norte reeling o5 the first heat of
the 2 :10 pace in 2 :08. The attendance was
not as largo as on Friday, but the betting
was quite as heavy. The track was in a
fairly good condition and the weather de
lightful for the lemonade venders. Mc-
Nair was in good form, starting the fields
in a manner that delighted the crowd.
Welcome, driven by Andy McDowell,
carried off first honors in the 2:10 pace;
Stella earned for her owner the best por
tion of the purse offered for the 2:22-class
trotters, and Howard won the running
dash. The unfinished pace from .Friday
was gathered in by Belle, which took the
deciding heat from Prince Nutwood in
2:13.
Uncanny whisperings were whisked
about by the breezes during the proeressof
the pace, and if all that is heard can be
believed, Loupe could take a sympathizer
down to one of the end stalls at the track
to-night and in the silent language of the
horse, unfold a yarn that would be food
for the gossips about the race course for
some days. An eariy switch in the betting
was the first indication that there might
be "something cioiir." Loup at first sold
favorite, but as the bell tapped the live
"wigglers" out. Welcome was first in
the demand at $30, with Loupe going to
the form players at $17 and the field
fetching $5.
In the first heat, Durfee, Del
Norte, made the pace, and the black went
the half like a ghost in 1:04, with Welcome
about two lengths away. Loupe at this
stage, driven by Sullivan, could only be
reached by the leaders through telephone
connection. At the head of the stretch
Del Norte maintained his advantage, and
led Welcome out by a couple of lengths in
2:08. Boy Wood finished in the suburbs
third.
A trifle lite this did not. bother the Wel
come folks, for he was strong in the pools,
selling for $20, Loupe $9 and the field $6.
In the next beat Welcome and Del Norte
did the glad- and act to the stretch, pac
ing head and head. Loupe then carue
along and won the heat easily from Wel
come in 2:09^.
Then the market was glutted with fish.
Loupe sold for $20, Welcome $10 and the
field $3. The third heat was another
screw in the coffin of the harness horse.
At the first turn Loupe broke and contin
ued jumping up and down, to the discom
fiture of nis backers, for more than a fur-
Ion p. Welcome took the heat easily in
2:113-4 from Hazel H, with L upe getting
the hag. To the breaking of a thimble
strap was attriDuied the downfall of
Loupe. It is to be hoped this was the
canse.
Welcome had no difficulty in winning
the next two heats in 2:13}£, 2:14}£.
Because of a fine imposed earlier in the
week McMannus did not hold the reins
over Loupe, his place in the bike being
taken by "Jimmy" 8ullivan.
The 2:22 trot was a somewhat mixed
affair. It was decided under the beat
dash system. On tne strength of his good
race early in the week Conn was a pro
nounced choice for the opening dash.
Pools sold Conn $10, Clay S $3 and the field
$3. Maud P led past the half, when Stella
took the lead and won the heat easily by
two lengths from Letter B in 2:16^. Stella
was now a favorite lor the second dash and
she disposed of Faro BanK at the end very
impressively, going the mile in 2:15}-£.
Faro Bank tickets for the place paid
$21 70. It looked as though Stella would
capture the third heat also, but a break
just before striking the stretch proved
fatal.
Letter B went to the front and reached
tbe wire a length in advance of Faro
Bank, with Maude P third. Time, 2:17}£.
The dash winners now went to the
stable, but four horses coming out for the
consolation purse. What little betting
was done favored Clay S slightly. Faro
Bank bad the best of the others most of
the way, bat was given a hard brush the
last part by Maude P, winning by only a
head in 2:21.
The day's sport was ended by a five
furlong scramble with a field of nine
lining up. It was a very open betting
affair, but ended with poor gain for the
wise ones. Quicksilver, a sprinter of the
George F. Smith order, broke away in
front, but received a zigzag sort of ride at
the hands of his jockey and was nosed
out by Howard in 1:013a. The judges did
not like the complexion of the race and
declared all bets off, which proved a most
popular decision.
Pacing; 2:10 class: purse $800. Best 3 la 6
beats.
Welcome, b. h., by Arthur W likes- Lot tia
(McDowell) 2 2 111
Del Norte, bile b.,by Altamont (Durfee).l 4 3 3 2
Hazel H, b. m., bj Bismarck (Van Bok
kelen) 532 23
Bay wood, b. b., by Woodnut (Nelson) 3 & 4 dla
Loupe, bile g., by John Sevenoaks (Sulli
van) 4 1 dia
Time, 2:08— 2 :09V»— 2:11%— 2 :13Vfc— a sU^A-
Trottinfr; 2:22 class; purse f 800. heat dashes.
Stella, b. m., by McJionald Chief (Smith).. 1 1 S
B, b. m.. by Ward (Van Bokkelen) 3 5 1
Faro Bault, b. g.,by Don Marvin (Holmes). 5 2 2 1
Maude P, b.k. m., by Idaho Patchen (Sulli
van) 3 3 3 2
Clay 8. b. b., by Grover Clay (Cannon) 6 4 4 3
Conn, b. s., by Inra(Kellyi 4 6 6 4
Time, 2:16^—2:16%— 2:17Vi— 2:21.
Rnnuing; five furlongs, selling; parse SI 50.
K. Dolan's cb. g. Howard, 111, by Tyrant-Mayetta
(Shepard) 1
F. Galloway's br. g. Quicksilver, 116, by Imp.
Friar Tuclc- Jennie (Shaw) 9
W. H. Brown's b. m. Irma, 107, by St. Savlonr-
EUa T (Golden) 8
Time, l:01i/fc.
Monnt Boy, Globe, byndlcata, Hallelujah, Casti
natte and Ueorge L also ran.
SET ADA. CITY RACKS CLOSE.
The Mating- at IGlenbrook Park Proves
-' ' a Great Success. '■ . -
NEVADA CITY, Cal., Sept. 26.—
five days' racing at Glen brook Park closed
this afternoon, a large crowd of spectators
being present to witness the sport. The
meeting has been a successful one, and
visitors to the fair grounds have, as 'a
rule, been well satisfied. To-day's speed
1 programme was one of the best . of the
week. The consolation race, seven-eighths
of a mile, was the best of the meeting.
The five starters got away in good form at
the first trial and remained bunched all
the \- way round. ■ When s they passed un-
der the wire a Dlanket would have ccvere
all.
In the fourth beat of the special trot
the spindle broke on the sulky of Einz
of the King, and the wheel came off,
throwing the driver off backward, but
fortunately without hurting him. Tne
horse ran some distance, draggine the
broken sulky, and then trotted on around
the tract to the homo stzetch, where Le
was caught by Monroe Johnson, the
starter, mounted on horseback. The
horse was not injured.
Special trot, purse $250, won by Mollie
Nurve, King of the Ring second. Time, 2:26,
*J: 4 2">. U:25. The second neat was won In 2:21
by King of the Ring.
Champion mine stake, seven furlongs, won
by Arnette. Time, 1:31.
Special trot for ai-triet horses, won by Rose,
Chippy second. Best time, 2:50.
Special running, seven furlongs, won by
Grandnzia, Clara Johnson second. Toby third.
Time, 1:15.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Cxubs. Won. Lost. g**^
Baltimore 90 89 .697
Cleveland 80 48 .625
Cincinnati. 77 50 .606
Boston .. ... ;..... 74 57 .664
Chicago. 71 67 .654
Plttsburi?. 67 «2 .519
New for* . 65 67 .491
Philadelphia 6'J 69 .473
Washington. 69 72 .45<i
Brooklyn. 68 7» .442
8t. Louis. 40 90 .307
Louisville 38 93 »290
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 26.— Score: St. Louts—
7, 9, 1; Pittsburgs— 3, 5, 4. Batteries— Hart
and McFarland; Porter and Sugden. Umpire,
Lally.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 26. — Score:
Washingtons— 1. 6, 1 ; Bostona— 9, 17, 1. Bat
teries—King and Farrell; Klobedanz and Ber
gen. Umpire— Hurst.
BALTIMORE, MD., Sept. 26.— Score: Balti
mores—1, 10, 5 ; New Yorks— 10, 14, 1. Bat
teries — Pond and Robinson ; Meekin and 'War
ner. Umpire — Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 26.— Score: Phil
adelphias—10, 19, 2; Brooklyns— 13, 20, 2.
Batteries— Carsey and Grady; Daub and Grim.
Umpire— Hornung,
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Sept 26.— Score: Cleve
lands—3, 10, 1; Louisvilles— 2, 5, 1. Batteries
—Young and Connor; Herman and Dexter.
Umpire— Emslie.
RACING ETJCXIS JJV THE JBJ8T.
Result* at Terre Saute, St. Louis, Oakley
and Grav«»«nd, Tracks.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Sept 26.— The trot
ting meeting closed to-day with a small crowd,
and the 2:09 trot was declared off on account
of darkness when it was reached oh the pro
gramme. Summaries:
2:13 trot, purs© $1000, Pilot Boy won. Sen
ator A second, Russell Mont third. Time,
2:10i^.
2 :15 trot, purse $2000, Newcastle won, Cut
lass second, Pratell third. Time, 2:11%.
Tbree-year-olds, 2:25 class, purse $1500,
Vipsania won, Hesperus second, Virginia Belle
third. Time, 2:15%.
2:08 pace, purse $1000, Badge won, Phenol
second, VeraCapel third. Time, 2:07%.
2 :22 trot, Helen K won. Red Star second;
only two starters. Time, 2:15%.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 26.— Six furlongs.
Revenue won, Keechler second, Fredonia
third. Time, 1:16%.
Five and a half furlongs. Ray H won, Lady
Brittanic second, Sugar Foot third. Time,
1:09%.
Mile and a quarter. Whisper w6n, Helen H.
Gardner second, Laura Cotta third. Time,
2:10)$
Six iurlongs. Harry Duke won, Indlo second,
Fervor third. Time, 1:13%.
One mile and seventy yards. Garland Bar
won, Schiller second, Moylan third. Time,
1:46J£
Six turlongs, Brysn won, Uncle Abb second,
Mobalaska third. Time, l:15 a^.
OAKLEY, Ind., Sept. 26.— Five and a half
furlongs, Gaston won, Sloe second, Remember
Me third. Time, 1 :08.
Six furlongs, Lufra won. Reprieve second,
Hanlon third. Time, 1:15%,
One mile, Helen Mar won, Kirk second,
Judith C third. Time, 1 :43.
One mile, Dr. Cotlettwon, Meadthorpe sec
ond, Ben Brown third. Time, 1 :41%.
Six furloncrs, Refugee won, Satsuma second
Prince Imperial third. Time, 1-13%.
One mile, Argentina II won, Hermes second,
Nimrod third. Time, 1:42%.
GRAVESEND, N. Y., bept 26.— Five fur
longs. Hi Daddy won, Contractor second,
Florida third. Time. 1 :04.
Five Iurlongs, Altonwood won, Maxine
Elliot second, vinita third. Time, 1 :03%.
One mile and an eighth, Lake Shore won,
Brandywine second, Howard Mann third.
Time, 1 :56%.
Five furlongs. Voter won, Challenger second,
Cleophas third. Time, 1:02.
One mile, dead heat between Souffle and
Roundsman, Ben Eder third. Time, 1 :43.
Six furlongs, Septour won. Tremargo second
Amanda V third. Time, 1:16%.
fASADESJL GUAJiD SHOOT.
Score* Made at the Target* by Member*
of Company I.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 26.— The an
nual State shoot of Company I, National
Guard of California, took place to-day.
The gold medal was awarded to A. B.
Case. A large number of spectators were
at Arroyo range, where luncheon was
served at noon. The following scores
were made:
Captain Bangham ....37 1 Corporal Thrall 34
Lieut. Collinewood.... 25 | Corporal Grlggs S5
Lieutenant C. A. Cole. 35 Corporal Barry...... 26
(sergeant i ippencotc..41 Musician Jonei 36
Sergeant Clapp SO Private Ashley. 31
Sergeant Brooks 32 Private A ppleforU .... 8
Sergeant C. A. Brown.38 Private Bil Iieinier... 30
Sergeant A. B. Case.. .46 Private Coty 35
.Corporal Thayer 13 Private lartc 37
Private Clapp 37 Private Jones 24
Private Cole 14 Private Kyle 37
Private Clyde. 86 Private Lewis 38
Private Clyde. ..32 Private Lacey 42
Private Collins, 25 Private McNeil 20
Private Cooper 8 1 Private Nixon 18
Private Cook 27 Private Packard 10
Private Dearth 31 Private Slater. 24
Private Fall.. 37 Private Tnayer 27
Private Fry. 30 Private i rid bam 33
Private Griffith. 36 Private Young 26
Private HeUs.. 21 Private Gilbert 38
Private Hubbard 32 Private Stebbics '28
Private Hoi combs.... 31 Private Strain 10
fitoekton's Hog Show F.nd'it.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 26.— Hundreds
were present in spite of the fact that there
were a number of counter attractions.
At the Imperial Hotel a banquet was
given J. Otis Fellows, tbe judge, by the
Dench show committee. It was attended
by all the dog fanciers here and by the
representatives of the press. The show
has proved the most successful affair ever
undertaken by tbe directors of the Fair
Association.
An Ancient Castle.
Part of Dunvegan Castie, Skve, the an
ceatral home of the Macleods, dates from
the ninth centnry and is believed to be the
oldest inhabited house in the country
private residence, of course, we mean.
The castle is a fine old pile, built on a
promontory at the head of Loch Follart,
and must have been a place of
great strength in the days when
the Macleods and McDonalds were at con
stant warfare. One of it8 cherished treas
ures 18 the fairy flag, the palladium of the
house of Macleod. Legend invests it with
marvelous qualities. Three tunes only,
however, could the virtues of the flag be
utilized. Twice, we are told, it has been
unfurled with magical results. Its last re
serve of power must only be employed if
the clan is "ever on the verge of utter ex
tinction," and of such a calamity the con
tingency seems far removed. — London So
ciety.
Look
Sharply to the condition of your health at
this season, for peculiar perils assail the
system.
Hood's
Sarsapariila
Makes rich red blood ; keeps the body healthy.
Hood's Pills *?,"£ on J, y jp 111 " to tak «
NEW TO-DAT.
InrcRQBE
KILLER.
How the Antiseptic Gases of
This New Drink for the Sick
Pervade the Entire Human
Anatomy and Become an
Absolute Antidote to the
Animal-Germ Principle of
All Human Disease.
-jirlCRO BE KILLER, WHICH HAS
■•**• created such a sensation as a curativa
throughout the whole civilized world,
comes in the form of a tart, palatable and
refreshing wat»r drink, charged with
medicinal gases, of a higher degree of
energy in the destruction of animal-germ
life— or the seed principle of all human
disease — than any other remedy in the.
pharmacopoeia of mankind. Animal
germs, or microbes, taken from the blood
or tissues of those suffering from con-
sumption or Bright's disease, cancer, la
grippe, catarrh, diphtheria or other mi-
crobic disease, and placed under the light-
est touch or faintest spray of Radam'a
Microbe Killer, lose motion and life as
naturally and inevitably as a nest of black
ants under a wash of prussic acid. An ex-
periment with almost any form of human
sickness proves that the same antiseptic
principle — the ' penetrative eases of Mi-
crobe Killer — are as directly destructive
to the microbes of disease when applied to
them within the system, or externally
upon its surfaces, as when applied to them
within an earthen dish in the chemist's
laboratory.
Following are additional expressions
from a few of those in our own midst who
i have drunk the remedial water and realized
its wonderful power over disease.
The following extracts simply illustrate
the feeling of those who have taken the
greatest medicine ever discovered:
Mr. M. Black, 528 Geary street, San
Francisco: "I know it to be the best
medicine for asthma ever discovered."
Mr. Freeman Smith, Brentwood: "Cured
me of liver, kidney and spleen troubles of
many years' standing."
Mr. F. Ludlam, Myrtle, Cal. : "Has en-
tirely relieved my sister of her rheuma-
tism."
■ Mrs. C. A. Hammers, Selma, Cal.:
"Cured me of cancer ot four years' stand*
ing, after doctors had given me up."
Mrs. E. A. Robinson, Roaevilie, Cal.:
"Cured me of many troubles after bavins;
been told that I could not live six months."
48-page .pamphlet, with testimonials,
mailed free on application to
R ADAM'S
Microbe Killer Co.,
1340 Market Street,
. San Francisco, Cal.
BRANCHES:
456 South Broadway, L.08 Angeles, Cal.
45 Mary Street, Pasadena, Cal.
123 South First Street, San Jose, Cal.
Third and D Streets, Marysville, Cal.
360 Morrison Street. Portland, Or.
1O1O Front Street, Seattle, tVush.
And of All Druggists.
FREE TO EVERY MAR
The Prescription of a Great Remedy
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
Painful diseases are bad enough, but when a
man Is slowly wasting away with nervous weak-
ness, the mental forebodings are ten times worss
than the most severe pain. There Is no let up to
the mental suffering day or night. . Sleep is almost
Impossible, and under such a strain men are
scarcely responsible forwhat they do. For years
the writer rolled and tossed on the troubled sea of
sexual weakness until It was a question whether
he had not better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But provisional inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination of
medicines that not only completely restored his
general health, but enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural . size and vigor, and he now de-
clares that any man who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may have the pre-
scription of this wonderful remedy free. Now
when I say free ■ I mean absolutely without cost,
because I want every weakened man to get the
benefit of my experience. ; ■
I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as an
enthusiast, but there are thousands of men suffer-
ing the mental tortures of weakened manhood who
would be cured at once could they but get su h a
remedy as the one that cured me. Send me your
name and adiress to-day. Do not try to study out
how I can afford to pay the few postage stamps
necessary to mail tne perscnptlon, but send lor
the remedy and learn that there are a few things
on eartii that although they cost nothing to get
they are worth a fortune to some men and mean a
lifetime of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas Mater, box 2283, Kalamazoo. Mich, and
the prescription will bo malied in a plain sealed
envelope. , • - - •
' o^VM fi'llil i ltV/^c^.\ll BhR
ELY'S CREAM BAI.M is a positive cur*.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Druggists or by mail , samples 10c. by mail.
"SLY BROTHERS, 66 Warren St., New York City
M RFPtURE.j
KKif rJJ>Vy a dlT . oa , natlir llyl ' ope to obtain rfliff M
Bffi rnm }>ain: aecarit/ from Strangulated Htrnia and a ■
Permanent eureir po«ible. Pl e Me i nve «tigai- -Dr.M
|«J Pierce • Pat. Magnetic Elastic Trust.' mod Vu .infl
MS ba ■? rp 1 rU 1 M what you will l«,rn. This Tro-s H
Kg porttlrely dots the tcork »nd la WO rth $1,000 to m.M
V(f ruptured mao or woman. If to U want th» BKST.Hs
■ call or send 3 >•'»■ in 'taaips for free. Pamphlet No. l.B*
B Itcontain. fall information, CT The scientific ad /«'
If jawtment of l . roi5 " »tonrosneo a.perimltr. Adrtrojj £•«
V ilAGXETIC ELASTIC TBISS CO., Ko.7O4,.V U" fl
I cor. Socramea.o & Kearny Bit., I'ranciacb, Cat ff€:
m/^| These tiny Capsules are superior]
gv^ to" Balsam of Copaiba, i^Nl
V A 1 Cubebsorlnjectionsandf JftlDlf 1
ltd I CURE IN 48 HOURS VJ>
jgSPJ the same diseases withoul!
.^gfl inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists.-
BRUSHES FOR bIrber^ --
LaHilJiar«C.«5&t rs ' bo otblacl«, bath-
WllVyilliU 1 houses, ■ billiard - tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy.mok er8 , cann«r»
dyers, flourmllls, foundries,' laundries,
haucers, - printers, painters, shoe factories, atabi*
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc - "*"*
■ ' ■ , BUCHANAN BROS.,
Bruah Manufacturer*. 60 tf Si»cr»m«ntoa*.
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD U8E DAMIANA BITTTR* T-avEUROPE AND THE
TURKISH CRISIS
Salisbury and the Czar
Under the Same Roof
at Balmoral.
OF VITAL IMPORTANCE.
People of All Nations Eagerly
Await the Result of the
Conference.
FRANCE IS ACTTTELY ANXIOUS
Eismarck's Alleged Letter Favoring
Free Silver Is Ridiculed in
England.
[Copyright, 1896, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Eno., Sept 26.— Last week
the sound which rose above all others
here was the . rinding of the Tory brakes
on the wheels of the popular Armenian
agitation. This is heard no loncer, but in
its place the echoes ot Liverpool's cheers
for Mr. Gladstone reverberate everywhere.
The spasm of party fright which pos
sessed the Conservative leaders a few
days ago has passed away, and its disap
pearance leaves Lord Kosebery in a cu
rious plight. He had counted on its per
manency, and under its shelter he had
talked loudly about the impossibility of
England acting alone, and the certainty
that an attempt to do so would provoke a
general war.
Mr. Gladstone brushed this aside with
such lofty contempt and drew such an al
luring picture of what England really
could do alone that the Tories found
themselves reading his speech that night
with the feeling that it expressed what
they had thought all along. By the next
morning they were as ready as the Liber
als to ask what craven it was who said
that England could make no move with
out Dringing hostile Europe down upon
her in war.
T-e fnquiry revealed Lord Rosebery
standing wel! in front of everybody else
and he became on the instant une quantite
negligeable in Great Britain's foreign
politics, as he has been for a year in its
domestic affairs. Since Mr. Gladstone
spoke the agitation has automatically
adapted itself to his key. It is now more
restrained in tone and less hysterical. It
has a new gravity, a calm solemnity of
movement, but once more it is carrying
along both parties and is at present an
affair of Englishmen rather than of poli
ticians.
Once more, too, there is a reviving no
tion that Russia and France may be
brought round to act with England and
Italy. Of course, the circumstance that
the Czar is at Balmoral and that Lord
Salisbury is there also under the same
roof gives a natural impetus to this idea.
How malleable Nicholas may prove in
the hands ot those who now have hold of
him is, however, not the most important
question. It is of more vital interest to
know to what extent Nicholas is truly
master of the forces over which he nomi
nally presides, and as to that we can only
guess. Englishmen are buoying them
selves up with the hope not only that he
can be convinced but that he can throw
Russia and France into the scales with
his convictions. This hope is so attrac
tive that for the moment even the most
skeptical are tempted to share it.
The French are plainly in a state of
doubt as to whether this change of front
is not what is really going to happen.
Their leading journals are all visibly
drawing back toward neutral ground and
poising themselves in readiness to jump
in the new direction of the Czar, it the
Czar gives the word. This is much more
significant than wss their pronounced
anti-Armenian attitude of a month ago.
Henri Rochefort, in l'Intransigeant.openly
makes a charge, the truth of which was
more than suspected here, that the Paris
press has been subsidized by wholesale by
tie Turkish embassy, and has been re
ceiving from it articles for publication to
which were pinned checks on the Ottoman
Bank.
I have the authority of an official of the
Anglo- Armenian committee for the state
ment that many apparently responsible
offers have been made to them by people
who claimed to have the power to range
the Pari3 press on the Armenian side.
Some of these offers they examined in de
tail, and they found that the estimates of
cost varied from $15,000 to $20,000 a week.
With this as a basis for inference they as
sume that the Sultan has probably been
paying about $15,000. As it is certain that
no money has been forthcoming on the
Armenian side the gradual change in the
tone of the Parisian papers becomes, as
has been said, doubiy significant.
• It can only be dictated by the fear of
embarrassing the Czar's freedom of action,
and this in turn points to the existence in
Paris of a notion that Russia's policy is
no ionger fixed irrevocably on Prince
Lobanoff's lines.
• People here get peculiar comfort from
the reports, which now seem to be all one
way, that the Czar was peculiarly coin in
demeanor at Breslau and Goriitz. Eng
lishmen have entered into an abiding
compact of hatred against the German
Emperor. They desire their own aggran
dizement not half so much as they desire
bis humiliation and ruin, and the tact
that bis official press leads ail others in
cursing England and upholding the Sultan
gives tierce stress to their longing for some
combination, no matter at what cost to
themselves, which shall bring him to
erief. They are almost in the mood to
thrust Constantinople into Russia's lap if
that would do the trick.
Paris will begin in earnest on Monday
the task of decorating for what they re
gard as the principal event in the history
of the republic, and both there and at
Versailles and Cherbourg the work will be
on a scale that is unprecedented.
Frenchmen conduct their party and per
sonal differences so much out of doors
that perhaps we get an exaggerated no
tion of the bad blood which this visit of
the Czar is stirring up. The most furious
jealousies seem to be raging in all direc
tions. The failure to call the Chamber of
Deputies together in extra session for the
great event is ascribed by some to fear
that it would throw the Meline Ministry
out headlong, and by others to President
Faure's unwillingness to share his honors
with the presidents of the Senate Cham
ber who are constitutionally his ceremo
nial equals. There is also a general and
very familiar discussion as to the part
which M. Faure's wife and daughter
ought to play in the festivities. The prev
alent view is against their participation,
but a considerable minority of those who
debate the matter ascribe this feeling to
moan envy of the women folks of Minis*
tefs and Deputies, who are furious over
tloir own exclusion.
Under ordinary circumstances all Eu
rope would be humming now with eauer
speculation about Egypt. The Enelish
aro not only in possession of Dongola,
thoug^ carelully keeping the Egyptian
nan flying over their army, but they have
proved by practical test that only the
merest rotten busk of Mandism remains
in Equatorial Africa.
If tne Dervishes could make a stand
anywhere it would be at Dongoia, but
their earlier pretenses of res. stance were
quite fatuous, and at the final pinch they
ran like rabbiis without a show of fight.
This contrast with their extraordinary de
votion ana ferocity of a dozen years ago is
as remarkable in its way as is the evolu
tion in the same period of the native
Egyptian troops from a cowardly rabble to
splendid soldiery.
li considerations of expense were not of
first importance, there would seem to be
nothing to prevent tne Sirdar from going
to Khartoum, Omdurman or wherever
else he pleases on th* 1 road to Uganda.
This grave expansion of what is to all in
tents British territory would in ordinary
times create a lively international hub
bub, but tb€ crisis at the gate of the Dar
danelles is too exciting to allow even this
to mixke a diversion.
One or two of the Paris papers cry out
that the moment is opportune for forcing
England's hand on the whole subject of
the Nile, but not even in Chauvinist quar
ters is there any sympathetic response.
It is understood that bigger things even
than Egypt are at stake. The news of the
Khedive's strange secret visit to Paris, too,
would a year ago have caused the deepest
curiosity and apprehension in England.
Now it is only mentioned as a personal
item, without a hint that it may possibly
be important. li is impossible to believe
that he could have left Egypt, landed at
Marseilles and stayed a week in Paris
without the knowle ige of the English For
eign Ofh'ce, still less does one suppose the
French authorities ignorant of his pres
ence. No information, however, as to
whom ho has seen or what the objects of
nis journey may bo is obtainable.
British poets have clearly fallen upon evil
days. It has become an open secret that Al
fred Austin is practically under an injunc
tion to preserve silence. Sir fcdwin Arnold
recently burst forth in a long, exuberant
ode on the Queen's reign having exceeded
in length all others in English history,
and he sold it unconditionally to the man
who manages a publication called the
Salon.
This person, however, has other strings
to bis bow, and he used the poem a^ ;i
center-piece for a big page collection of
advertisements for cigars, carpets, Mwine
machines, etc., which he published on
Thursday in every London daily. Sir
Edwin denounces this publicly as a lite
rary outrage, which perhaps it" is, but the
cynical metropolitan press is inclined to
■*iew the conjunction a^ remarkably ap
propriate. The Queen herself lor some
curious reason ha- seemed all along rather
to resent the popular impulse so celebrate
this anniversaiy of her ascent to the
throne as a unique event, but despite aii
the cold water which the court, could
throw the date was seized on everywhere,
not only here but in the iar-off colonies,
as an occasion for demonstrations of joyal
interest and devotion of such impressive
volume in the aggregate that her Majesty
was forced to make a Kind of grudging ac
knowledgment of l/er thanks.
A quaint reason was given me by a
relative of one of her court ladies a while
ago for this royal shirking of the celebra
tion. It was to the effect that the Queen,
at heart a vehement Jacobite, holds the
elder pretender to have been truly
King of England as James III, and she
feels that as he survived his lather sixty
four years his reign was longer than hers
has been. J give this as it was given to
me, with nojeomment, save that numerous
other fads about the Stuarts, which the
Queen undoubtedly cherishes, are not a
whit less singular.
Both here and in Germany the report
that Bismarck's views on bimetallism are
treated as of importance by any section
of the American people is received in a
mirthful spirit. Bismarck a hopeless ig
norance on all financial questions made
him the butt 01 two generations of bis
parliamentary associates whenever he
essayed to talk on them. His speeches on
thes subjects used to be fiiled with
maddened retorts to men who criticized
him. While it was true, he would say,
that as a nobleman he had not been
trained in the small tricks of trade and
money-counting, yet he had the Em
peroi behind him, and that was more im
portant than am so-called economy
principle.
His stupid high tariffs, bis commercial
wars with his neighbors, his grotesquely
unequal systems of domestic taxation,
have done more toward making the Social
Democrats the largest single party in Ge:
many than all other causes combined. He
knows no more to-day about the silver
question than Secretary Carlisle doea
about the family arrangements regulating
the Saxe-Altenburg succession, and no
one in Europe, not even among his most
heated partisans, would dream of regard
ing him as an authority on that or any
other fiscal question under the sun.
It is reported as on authority that at the
November consistory Archbishop Walsh
of Dublin and the Dominican, Father Gas
quet, will be made Cardinals. The latter
prelate is one of the best of the English
Catholic writers. He has a charming per
sonality as well, though his achievements
seem hardly in the line of the red hat.
As for Dr. Walsh, I printed six years
ago in these dispatches extracts from
Monsignor Persico's private reports from
Ireland to the Vatican, which came to me
by way of Cardinal Manning's household,
and in which Monsignor Persico repeatedly
declared that Dr. Walsh was lacking in
spiritual qualities and that he paid too
much attention to politics and too little
to the souls of himself and his flock. This
was about the only opinion of Monsignor
Persico which Rome really had as its
own, and it will be very interesting to
see if it has been altered. It must be ad
mitted, though, that latterly, in fact ever
since he committed the fatal blunder of
assisting Dillon and O'Brien to seize and
wreck the Freeman's Journal, Dr. Walsh
has been as silent as a mouse in Irish
politics.
As 1 prerMcted last week the pretense
that there was any chance of extraditing
Carney and Haines has been openly aban
doned and the show of trying to get Tynan
has lapsed into empty humbug. The two
former may get harshly handled in Bel
gium if Holland hands them ovpr, but so
far as England and Scotland Yard are
concerned their sensational arres', like
Tynan's, was a mere piece of reclame. All
that is substantial is the fact that Ivory
will go into penal servitude. So far as
can be seen Ivory's scoundrelly associates
pot his money, sent him to the post of
danger, and then either they or some of
their confederate vermin in America sold
him to Eagland.
August was an evil enough month in all
conscience, but its successor has been even
worse. For some eight weeks the sun has
scarcely been seen for an hour at a time
and rain has fallen practically every day.
In eighty years there has not" been such a
water-soaked September.
Thi^ week was marked by a succession of
violent gaies and tempests, culminating
yesterday in a hurricane, which, strangely
enough, strewed ail four sides of England
impartially with wreckage. Usually if the
east coast suffers the west coast goes un
scathed, but to-day tales of havoc come
from every point of the compass. Belfast
is as bad as Folkestone, and Bristol as bad
as Yarmouth. All late crops with hops at
their head are described as ruined every
where.
"Cymbeline" at the Lyceum deserves
every pretty thing that can be said of it.
To make it into what is called "a good
play," is beyond human endeavor, but
everything else that can charm on the
stage is here, including some effects not
foreseen. It is not inferior in magnificence
and beauty of mounting to '-King Arthur,"
while the transition from Burne Jones to
Tadema gives individuality of its own as
a picture.
Ellen Terry's Imogen is all that could
be imagined — arch, beautiful, winning and
splendidly intelligent. She confessed
herself amazed after the performance at
her temerity in essaying such a juvenile
part; but we in front saw nothing but
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
perennial youth. The preat feast of the
piece, though, is really Irvine's Iachimo,
which, though necessarily of sli^dt and
fragile tenure, is the most delicate and
highly informed work of art in this gal
lery, "ana it has wholly disarmed and
made cantive even those critics who like
least what he haa done before.
J. M. Barne and Dr. Robertson Nicoll,
editor of the BouKman, sailed to-day on
their long-projected visit to America.
Harold Fkederic.
MINIS TEK li .*>*<> 31*. l.XVL, A IMS.
Unintentionally 3Iitreprt*entrd at to Si*
Opinion of Siextco.
CITY OF MEXICO, Mex., Sept. 26.—
United States Minister Ransome says he
has been unintentionally misrepresented
in alleged interviews, in which he was
made to cay be had advised Americans
not to come here or to invest capital. He
says that he has always pointed out to in
quirers that before settling or buying prop
erty it was wise to investigate for them
selves and make sure that all conditions
were as favorable as had been represented
to them, as many misleading ac
counts of this country had been pub
lished abroad. In a word, he had urged
caution, and especially had advised against
the immigration of unskilled American
laborers, as the country had an abundant
supply. But as he had always said that he
could not advise any worthy citiien of the
United States to leave that country, one
of good law and good constitution, to go
into a foreign country. He says Mexico
has a good government affording protec
tion, and its stability was becoming more
apparent daily.
♦
BISMARCK'S LETTER GENUINE.
Admit* That Be Favor* Free Coinage of
Silver.
FRIEDRICHSR QHE, Germany, Sept.
26.— A representative of the United As
sociated Presses to-day called on Prince
Bismarck to learn from bis own lips the
truth as to the authority of the text of his
recent letter on the subject of bimetallism
addressed to Governor Gulberson of
Texas. The Prince was unable to see the
correspondent personally, but returned an
answer through his son-in-law, Count von
Rantzau, that the text of his letter, as
published in the Ham burger Nach rich ten,
was authentic.
CLARA BARTON'S REPORT,
Stories of Massacres and Dis
tress in Asia Minor Are
Not Exaggerated.
Nothing but Universal Charily Can
Prevent Appalling Starvation
Next Winter.
NEWPORT. R. I., Sept. 26.— Miss Ulara
Barton, who is visiting friends here, said
to members of the G. A. R. posts, who
called upon her in a body, that the reports
of the trouble and distress in Asia Minor
are not exaggerated, ami in her opinion
nothing less than the united charities of
the world could prevent shocking starva
tion there next winter.
Miss Barton stated that she had received
no application from Cuban clubs for Red
Cross assistance for the Cuban army, as
reported, but it is possible that if such a
request has been made it has been sent to
Washington, where her mail is held. She
has ordered that it be forwarded to Meri
den, Conn., where she will go next week,
and where she expects to complete her re
ports upon the Armenian difficulties.
The matter of sending assistance to
Cuba she did not care to discuss until she
shouid receive official Know ledge upon
which she could speafc. Another Red
Cros<« worker, though, in speaking of the
cruelties in Cuba, says it is not apparent
wherein the Red Cross could work there.
The society acts for fcumanity and sym
pathizes with no nation or portion of such.
For the Red Cro.*s to act under the re
cent attitude of the United States toward
Cuba would necessitate its first receiving
concessions from Spain, and from certain
happenings in the past it does not appear
probable that Spain would listen to any
arguments concerning the humane treat
ment of tbe Cubans or their wounded.
If a fea-ible plan can be devised wherein
the American Red Cross can be of assist
ance to the sufferers of either side, the so
ciety undoubtedly will be only too glad to
send it.
Volunteers have already offered them
selves, hut the reported request has un
doubtedly been made without a full and
correct understanding of the situation.
Because certain valuable work was done
in Turkey it does not necessarily follow
that similar work can be done in Cuba,
though tbe cruelties there may be as se
vere or even worse.
TERRIBLE CLOUDBURST.
A Large Portion of San Marcos, Tex., Is
Washed Away and Several Persons m
Are Missing.
SAN ANTONIO. Tex., Sept. 28.— A tre
mendous cloudburst struck the city of
San Marcos, about sixty miles north of
there, at 10 o'clock this morning and
washed away a large portion of thetown.
The Missouri, Kansas and Texas and In
ternational and Great Northern Railway
tracks were washed away for three-quar
ters of a mile and the joint depot badly
wrecked. The damage to these two roads
will reach $20,000.
The cloudburst struck the lower portion
of the city and swept everything before it,
all the bridges over the San Marcos River,
which runs through the town, being
wasiied away, and a large number of resi
dences are in ruins. Several people are
missing and it is thought at least live have
been drowned, but such was the force of
tLe deluge that none of the bodies have
yet been recovered.
No definite information is obtainable.
Ali telegraph wires are down and no trains
have been running since 9 o'clock this
morning. The only information that has
reached the outside world is the above,
wbich was sent by messenger to Kyle,
Tex., and thence by telephone to this city.
CA.JfA.BjS. WAATS HJ2C1PBOC1TY.
Move to Establish a Treaty With the
United State*.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Sept. 26.— special
to the Sun from Ottawa, Out., says: The
Minister of Trade , and Commerce, Sir
Richard Cart-wright, started for Boston
Thursday night to have a conference with
the British Colonial Secretary, Joseph
Chamberlain, as to the opening of nego
tiations for a reciprocity treaty between
Canada and the United States. The ques
tion of a joint British and Canadian sub
sidy for a Pacific cable and a fast Atlantic
steamship service is also to be discussed.
The new administration at Ottawa has
changed materially the policy of Sir
Charles Tupper. The Pacific cable project
is not indorsed by , the Launer Govern
ment, while the proposed twenty-knot At
lantic steamship line will be made an
eighteen-knot service.-
♦
Haroe Caused by a if atrrtpout. |
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 26.— A bulletin re
ceived thisevening from San Marcos. Tex.,
says a waterspout struck that section this
afternoon, causing widespread destruction
to property and it is feared much loss of
life. At the town of San Marcos, on the
river of the dame name, fifteen dwelling
houses and two bridges were swept away.
There is general prostration of wires in
the country surrounding San Marcos.
NOT FRIENDS OF
TURKEY'S RULER
German Diplomats Are Busy
Denying Rumors About
the Sultan.
__________
HARMONY IS CLAIMED
_ «
If There Is a Recurrence of the
. Troubles Common Action
May Be Taken.
DID NOT SHELTER ARMENIANS
While the Massacres Were in Progress
William's Embassy Failed to
Afford Asylum.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 26.— The au
thorities of the Foreign Office are greatly
indignant at finding that reports have ob
tained credence that it is Germany and
not Russia that is befriending t. e Sultan.
Acting under the influence of this feeline
the Foreign Office has issued a statement
declaring that complete harmony in regard
to TurKey exists at the present time among
the powers.
If a recurrence of the troubles in Con
stantinople should make the question
acute, however, it is possible that the
great powers will abandon their attitude
of disinterestedness and proceed to take
common action to restore order, and com
munications sounding the powers upon
this questing are already passing between
the various European Governments. Nev
thpless, the German Government is not
satisfied with the attitude the Government
has assumed and especially deplores the
fact that the German embassay at Con
stantinople showed no sympathy with
the Armenians during the late massa
cres there.
While the disturbances were going on in
the streets of Constantinople the other
embassies gave asylum to hundreds of
Armenians, but Germany, says the St.
Petersburg Novo Vremya, in order to Keep
in the good graces of the Sultan, kept the
doors closed until the massacre was over,
even while Turks massacred fugitives be
fore the very doors of the embassy.
Despite repeated denials on the part of
the Russian authorities and the Russian
press, the Frankfort Zeitung maintains its
assertion that the Russian Black Sea fleet
has been cruising since last Monday with
in six hours' travel of the Bosphorus.
The Bundesrath, which is summoned
to reassemble at the beginning of October,
will be called upon to consider many im
portant measures at its coming session,
such as the compulsory organization of
workinemen's guilds, modilying the State
system of old age and sickness insurance,
etc.
The great question of reform procedure
in militry trials remains in a critical con
dition. The Bundesrath just before its
adjournment merely conceded the ques
tion of oral debates beiore military courts,
but rejected the proposal to compel the
publicity of all proceedings beiore such
tribunals. The Emperor retains the same
right to confirm or suspend sentences.
The Reichstag will meet on November 10,
and heated debates over the leading ques
tions which that body will be asked to
consider are certain to take place.
The Vorwaerts, the leading organ of the
German Socialists, has published a series
of reports showing the position and prog
ress of the Socialist movement in Ger
many as a prelude to the coming con
gress of the Socialist party, which is to be
opened at Sieblichen, near Gotha, on Oc
tober 11. Though these reports show that
the direct subscriptions to the party
fund? have diminished, there is, never
theless, a surplus of 40,000 marks in the
party's treasury, and in spite of the pri
vate subsidies which are required to
maintain some of the provincial news
papers, the party possesses forty-one daily
and twenty-three tri-weekly papers. The
consensus of opinion among disinterested
outsiders is that the Socialists' vote will
be lar gely increased at the next election
ALL GOING TO CANTON,
Oontirwed from Firtt Page.
bridges you make, the more coal you want. Is
not ihat so? [Cries of "That 1 :- rifiht."] But you
don't want and won't want coal uniei-s some
body wants your sieel ard your iron and your
locomotives and your bridges. And we want the
least of all these things when we are the least
, prosperous, and we are the least prosperous
when we are under a free-trade policy and
when the busiiiesi coniidence of the country
is destroyed. [Cries of "That's true."] Now,
my fellow-citizens, we not only want good
work and good wages, but we want good
money. [Loud cheering.]
The miner who is here this morning cannot
sell a ton of coal that he has mined under
weijrht, and he don't propose to receive a dol
lar in payment— or dollars in payment— for
that ton of coal of undervalue. Do you get
my idea? [Cries of "You bet we do."] And
£0 when the workingman, no matter in what
occupation he may be employed, works his
full day's work, he wants to receive in return
100-cent dollars that are not depreciated and
never to be depreciated. [Tremendous cheer
ing.]
Major McKinley's fourth speech of the
day was addressed to delegations from
McKees Rock and Esplenborough, to a
large club of Baltimore and Ohio Railway
men from Newark, Ohio; to a Republican
club from Coraopolis.Pa., and to Carnegie-
Duquesne steel-workers. In acknowledge
ine the addresses of the various speakers
Major McKinley said in part:
I cannot but be impressed that there is pre
sented to the American people this year a
crisis of unusual importance that would bring
to my home delegation after delegNtion from
near and distant 8tates to te>tify their devo
tion to the cause which for the moment I rep
resent. [Applause.] What we want is peace,
protection, patriotism and prosperity. [Tre
mendous cheering.] You know people used to
say that Ohio was always in a state of perpet
ual campaigning— Canton is in that state just
now [boisterous laughter and applause]— and
that the fall campaign was no sooner off than
the spring campaign was on, and so it went
the whole year round. Well, we are doing
better now, for Ohio has done away with one
of her elections. The old State election in
Ohio, which used to point the way for the
country to follow, has permanently abandoned
that task to Oregon, Vermont and Maine.
[Prolonged cheering.]
They have held up the cause of the country
well this year. Oregon voted in June, and it
gave the head of the Republican ticket more
than 13,000 plurality— a gain, as contrasted
with the corresponding election of 1892, of
11,268, and an increase in the Republican vote
of nearly 9000. [Applause.] Yet there are
some people who pretend to think that the
erallunt Republicans of that splendid State are
going to let it declare for those twin delusions
—free trade and free silver — next November.
[Cries of "No, no."] 1 do not believe it, but on
the contrary I believe that Oregon will con
tinue in the place where she naturally belongs
and deserves to belong, in the Republican
column. [Applause.]
Vermont voted on September 1. Her Re
publican vote for Governor in 1892 was
38,318; in 1896, 53,505, a gain of 14,567, j
while the Republican plurality this year was
the greatest in the history of the State, being
39,053. as against a little more than 19,000
fo'ir years ago.
Maine— the glorious commonwealth of Ham
lin, Blaine and Reed— Maine held her election
on the 14th oi September, and gave the Re
publican candidate for Governor 88,749
votes, as against 67,000 given the Republican
candidate for that office in 1892— an increase
of 15,000 in the Republican vote, while the
Republican plurality this year was nearly four
times as great as then — 18,500 in 1896 and
1-2.500 in 1892, a Republican gain in that
Stale of 35,930. votes. The combined vote of
the three States shows Republican pluralities
of 107,357, or 67,000 larger than they gave
at correspond ing elections In 1892, an increase
in the Republican vote of 38,080, while the
Democratic vote decreased 88,498, indicating
just what is happening all over the country —
that the thousands of "honest money" Demo
crats in that party, law -preserving, patriotic
Democrats, will not follow the Chicago con
vention.
The crowd in the front part of the yard
was so dense at this time that the John
Dalzell Club of Wilmerding, Pa., com
posed of employes of the Westinghouse
Airbrake Company, could not find stand
ing-room. They were marched on the
lawn in the rear of the house, and when
Major McKinley finished his speech to
the delegation in the frunt yard he passed
swiftly through the house ana spoke from
a side porch near the kitchen. Major Me-
Kmley said:
I am glad to find you interested this year in
politics. I am glad to note mat you, with the
rest of the people of the country, are making
politics this year a business, because you have
discovered during the iast lour year* that poli
tics is business, uml li you want good business
you must have good politics. [Great ap
plause.] 1 observe in this audience many
young men. There never was such a cause to
tight for since the days of tiio war as that
which appeals to the young men and the old
men of the country to-day— a cause which in
vokes patriotism, National honor, public
faith, l«\v and or>ler — all of which we value in
a government of iree people such as we are.
[Applause]
Major McKnley had hardly seated him
self in the house before a delegation from
Piqua and other towns in Miami County,
Ohio, arrived. The spokesman for the del
epation was T. M. Kyle of Troy. Major
McKinley responded briefly as follows:
I recall as I stand before you to-day that it
was in me city of Piqua tnai an industry was
established in 1891 for the manufacture of
tin. 1 recollect '.o have been in that factory
and dipped one of the first pieces of tin that
was made there. You remember that at thai
time they said wo could not make tin plate
[laughter], but we do make it now, as every
body admits. There is nothing the people in
tliit country propose to do that thev cannot
do, and one" of the things they propose to do
ihis year is to re»iore the )>olicy of a protective
tariff and continue the doctrine of sound
money. [Great applause.]
Following the P. qua delegation came a
fine body <>t men from Buffi lo— the Real
Estate McKinley and Hobart Association.
Tiie pres:deut of the association. Henry S.
Hill, made ■>ne of the most carefully con
sidered speeches of the day. Major Me-
Kinley'j response was spirited. He said:
There is nothing more vital to a government
like ours than the sanctity of the law. [Great
apDlanse.l It must be overall, above all and
i) (.served by all. [Great cheering and cries of
"Good, good."] Acquiescence in public law
which ihe people themselves have made and
orliuned is" the highest obligation of citizen
<h:\. and the ohief source of safety to the Re
public. [A,>plause.] The courts which inter
pret and execute the law must be preserved
on that exalted plane of purity and incorrupti
bility tvlr.ch have so signally characterized
the American judiciary. [Great cheering and
cries of "Good.
These courts must be upheld for the safety
and defense of the citizen. [Applause.] When
the laws and those whose constitutional duty
V}: NEW TO-DAY.
$S CLOTHE m3\
SSf YOUNG- Iff
w STERS mpt
SOMETHING OUT «■ Winter as they have BOYS' AND CHILD-
nn mnn nnnTiTi titt" never been clothed before; nmT . _ ._„_„„ mr ,
OF THE ORDINARY We m i||i|^ REN 1 S OVERCOATS
for to-morrow and every ished our stock in the Chil - and Ul sters _ heaDS
day as long as they last dren's Department with the r , p
' - & J i r j .>■••■; nd heaps of them
/-%r- r^. largest, finest and most styl- . r
DOU ish line of goods ever laid — in cassimere and
\JkJkJ ish line ot goods ever laid
'•■••* .' ■■>• ■'•< v '■•■■"■ - - cheviot for
Children's double-breast- in one establishment west of J
ed, guaranteed all-wool the Mississippi. We have C^O C/"\
Suits— in c ass i meres, made a popular union of »v^\^
cheviots and Scotch great values and Httle
m i a a ■■ v n «■ great values ana little _ T :; .; .,,-
Tweeds. Ages 4, 5, 6, 7, We haye man Not possible to get
T o' rr r\ elties to show and over rcxx) elsewhere for less
VP^.OU ; styles and patterns to choose than fifty per cent
The regular .wholesale from - We sell direct to you advance on our price
The regular Ilumi vvc&cj.i uirect to you " x
price of these suits being from our factory at Whole- —^ or ours is the
$4, $5 and $6. sale Prices. - > wholesale price.
WHOLESALE I^lvoOLEtf^ WHOLESALE
PRICES. PRICES.
J2/-/23Ja/tfomeSf:
ALL BLUE SIGNS.
it is to execute ;hem are assailed the Govern
ment itself is assailed. If there are those who
would break down law ana disturb the peace
and eood order of society, those who value the
safeguards as essential to our liberty must
sacredly guard and defend them by their bal
lots. [Great applause.] This they will do
with the same earnest patriotism that they
have always displayed i:i every great emer
gency in the life of the Nation.
The eighth speecn was to a delegation
of the employes of Joseph Home & Co..
Pittsburg. Major McKinley said in part:
Nobody feels business depression and pro«
tration quicker than the merchants, aid no
body feels prosperity and good times quicker.
You, gentlemen, old and young, who stand
about me here to-day, know the difference be
tween the condition you have now and have
had for two or three years and the condition
you had prior to 1893. [Cries of "Yes, we do."]
Is it i roposed now that we shall not only have
our "present condition, which is bad enough,
continued, but that we shall have it ag
gravated by the determination of certain
people to put us on a silver basis and depre
ciate and degrade the currency of the country?
[Ories of '-No, no!"] My fellow-citizens, we
neither want unrestrained nor unrestricted
competition from Europe, nor do we propose
to have the money of Mexico or China to
answer our purposes in this civilized country.
[Great applause and cries of "Hurrah, for Mc-
Kinlyl"]
It was after 5 o'clock when Major Mc-
Kinley made his last speech of ttie day.
The delegation which he addressed came
from Cleveland and numbered about 2000.
The excursion to Canton was projected by
Mrs. W. J. Sheppard and other ladies of
Cleveland, and it was composed of many
classes of voters. Mayor McKisson was
the first speaker. The following speakers
were also heard: Otto Snyder. who spoke
for the first voters; W. H Schwartz for
the Hungarians, Joseph Caribelii for the
Italians, Charles Richter for the Bohe
mians. J. P. Green for the colored voters,
E. H. Boebm for the German-Americans,
and Harry Mason for the voters of Ameri
can descent. A lively rain fell during
part of the speech- making, but the people
remained and cheered with additional
power. Major McKinley said:
It is a remarkable spectacle when the repre
sentatives of ail races and nationalities accom
panied by the Mayor of their city come to
testify their devotion to the country and their
loyalty to its honor. [Great cheering.] Every
citizen of the United States has an equal inter
est in the conduct of the Government and of
its administrative policy. I have no sympathy
with those who seek to create inequalities and
promote antagonisms which are in conflict
with tne spirit of our institutions. There is no
inequality under our constitution and laws,
and those who seek to make distinctions are
not the true friends of either the people or of
the country. [Applause.] In voting every
man is a free man, and every ballot should ex
press the best opinion of the voter. He should
consult both his intelligence and conscience
before he deposits his ballot.
It is a trust, therefore, of supreme im
portance which is conferred upon the Ameri
can citizen, and carries with it grave duties
which affect not only the country, but every
home and fireside in the land. Our Govern
ment, more distinctly than any other, rests
upon the consent of the governed and is con
trolled in its policies by the will of the ma
jority. The country is just now in a condition
of prostration. The intelligent and well-di
rected use of suffrage can alone lift it ud.
I thank you for this call and assurances of
support; I thank you, ladies of the city of
Cleveland, for having organized in the name
of patriotism and for the love of American in
stitutions this splendid assemblage. [Ap
plause.] We will never go wrong so long as
we are in charge of the women. [Laughter.]
QR OS VEA OH'S JSS TIM A TJE.
McKinley Will Carry Kantaa atid Ne-
braska but Jfot Missouri.
CHICAGO, III., Sept 26.— General Gros
venor arrived from his Ohio home to spend
Sunday with Chicago friend sand proceeds
to Iowa next week for a speech-making
trip. He announced his intention of issu
ing two more estimates of the States which
McKinley and Bryan would carry and the
doubtful ones, with figures. One will be
compiled the middle of next month and
the other ju>t before election day.
"We have a hard tight on our hands in
Nebraska," said the general, "but I would
sooner bet on Nebraska than on Kansas.
I thiriK we will carry both these States by
small majorities. I don't nee any nope for
us in Missouri. 1 would not put it in the
doubtful column. Nothing can oe ex-
pected from a State where the party is
split into righting factions."
Mrs. J. El.'en Foster will leave for Utah,
Wyoming and Colorado in a few days to
address meetings of women, who are enti
tled to vote for Presidential electors in
those States.
♦ .
COMMITTEES A.RE XAMED
Members of th* National League Who
Will Contest the Campaign.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Sept. 26.— Hon. D.
D. Woodmansee, president of the National
Republican League, has announced the
following committees for the Western and
Central States, to take effect at once:
Campaign committee — I. M. Hamilton,
Illinois; E. J. Miller, Ohio; i". L. Eden
borough, Michigan; L. T. Walker, Ten
nessee; Grant S. Has:ar, North Dakota;
H. H. Blunt, Louisiana.
Advisory committee— L. J. Crawford,
Kentucky; A.M. Higgins, Indiana; L. K.
Torbet, Illinois; W. E. liundy, Ohio;
John Goodnoe, Minnesota.
Finance committee— B. G. Dawes, Ne
braska; F. W. Bicknell. Iowa.
The committees for the Eastern States
will be named in New York City Octo
ber 13.
■ ■ ■ ■ : , ■
WRECKED MtKl^EHS SAVED.
Captain and Mate of the Bar/e Perfec
tion Arrive in London-
NEW YORK, N. Y., Sept. 26.— A special
to the Times from Halifax says:
Captain Loomer and Mate Petrie of the
Nova Scotia bark Perfection, which was
burned at sea, arrived from London yes
terday. The vessel, which was loaded
with lumber from Quebec for Rio Janeiro,
was fourteen days out when n're was dis
covered forward.
The hatches wera opened and water
poured into the hold, but the flames wera
beyond control. The hatches were bat
tened down again, but the fire spread all
over the vessel ana the crew took to the
boats. A small boat with the mate and
two others was caps zed and the occu
pants rescued with difficulty. The crew
was four days in the boats before being
picked up.
The fire is supposed to have been caused
by an incendiary among the crew.
•
Oy THE MEXZCAUt JBOSDES,
OST THJS MEXICAN SOJBDJBS.
Presence of Texan iiangera Chech* the
EL PASO, Tex., Sept. 26.— The United
States troops did not take the held again
yesterday in search of the Mexican revo
lutionists, as it was reported they would
do. It is believea here ttiat nothing fur
ther will be heard about revolutionists on
this border, as the action of General Bliss,
commander of toe Department of Texas,
in ordering out the troops at Fort Bliss
will show the Mexican robbers that Uncle
Sam does not intend to permit them tc
find an asylum on United States soil.
The Texas Rangers and Marshal Ware
and his deputies have not relaxed their
vigilance, and when the Federal Court
convenes here next month there will prob
ably be a large number of Mexicans on
trial for violating the neutrality laws.
POLI&M CATMOZIC COXGRICSS
Great Jieautts Accomplished in the Way
of Unification.
BUFFALO, N. Y., Sept 26— The final
session of the Polish Roman Catholic Con
press was held yesterday. A solemn high
mas3 wai sung at 8:30 o'clock by the lit.
Rev. Mgr. Wargenyzk. The sermon was
preached by Rev. Father Gramlerwicz.
He spoke of the great work accomplished
by the congress in unifying 2,500,000 Poles
and laving the foundation for future work
along the same lines. He advised his
hearers to cultivate, a love for American
citizenship and at the Banie time maintain
within tbem a warm sentiment for the
land of their birth. Chicago was selected
as the place for holding the next conven
tion in 1S98.
34
HOLD THE HULL
BY SHEER FORCE
How Williams Packed the
Boston Democratic
Convention.
STAYED IN THEIR SEATS
After the Bryan Meeting Dele
gates Remained All Night
in the Building.
REGULARS EASILY SHUT CUT.
Peculiar Tactics of the State Free
sf Leader to Secure the
Gubernatorial Ncnr'nation.
BOSTOX, Mass.. Sept. 26. -One of tbe
most remarkable political incidents in the
history of Massachusetts v.as enacted in
Music Hiii ia«i nigh; and this morning.
Acting under the direct advice of Hon.
weorjre Fred "Williams, the free hilver
leader o! tl-.e State, His friends seised the
hall and t<»ok j>osses?Ion of it'after the. ad
j-urnmeut of the rally at which candidate
Bryan had spleen. Their purpose, as
openly announced, was to remain in pos
session of the tall until the Democratic
State Convention assembled this after
noon, the determination being the result
oMfce charge made by Mr. "Williams that
tr»^ State committee leaders intended to
pack the hall in the interest of the men
exposed to the Chicago pl&tfona and can*
dldates.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee was in session at tbe Quincy House
making up. the commit: for tbe con
vention when the Williams men seised
the halt, and when the sexes of the affair
reached the committee it caused a sensa
tion. The charges msde by Mr. Williams
rejecting npon the integrity o' the com*
mlttee -were vigorously denounced and
his claim that he had demanded of the
committee that credentials serve as ad
mission tickets to the hall and this de
mand had been refused was branded by
members of the committee as false.
At the ' conclusion of the meeting in
Music Hall last night Secretary Denison
of the Bryan-Sewaii- Williams Club stepped
to the front of the platform and requested
that •lie delegates present who -were to
par:icipate in to-day's contention should
remain in the hall and formulate a p!aa
of ocedure in the convention. He uti
that the friends of Mr. William3 were de
termine! that the "machine" should not
capture the convention in the morning.
James H. Meliin of Worcester urged the
delegates present to remain in the hall
and defied Mayor Quincy and the agents
of the building to eject the delegates and
their friends. He would hold the hall
peaceably, but if required would use force.
He referred to a meeting of similar char
acter in Worcester about twenty years ago
in the interest of General B. F. B a tier.
Other speakers followed with expres
sions of adherence to the Wiiiiams
and U» persons remaioeo in the hail.
Some fifty policemen who had been ou
st the ra :;ed agair.
west wall of the . .. Timothy W.
t'oaKiey, a ■treagE anti-machine man*, de
i to the delegates that the c nicer?
aa law had no power to ■
from the halL
Meanwhile Alderman John H. Lees and
John H. Sullivan of the State Committee
had cone to police headquarters in an
effort to have orders issued for the vacat
ing cf tbe ha!L
Mr. Denison of the Bryan-Sew*.
!iama Club also called at headquarters
and an animated discussion over the
seizure of the hail was indulged in. Some
very vijrorous language was used by the
opposing tcntlemaa. It was finally
stated by the police officials that they
had no authority to interfere with the
I*rs3n5 who were in the halL
Tte policemen therefore left the hall
snd the delegates and their ---•> cneered
wiidly. Several sr^eeches were made in
denunciation of what was termed an effort
of the State Committee to freeze out ice
Williams men.
A t 1 : : SO a . v - •: : t . agen t of the
inu announced
aseof tue hall to the Bryan-
Sewaij- Wiiiiams Club, onaer who-:
Brjaa tally had Been held, ax
•.ired at 12 o'clock, ana be asked that the
. e vacated. ll:s remarks were greeted
with yeils of prates:, and the delegates
ot vacate the hall.
It was shortly afterward announced by
Mr. Coakley that a supply oi sandwiches
had been ordered and would be quickly at
hand, and speechmaking followed.
Agent Mudgett, meanwhile, had decided
on a plan of energetic action. He secured
the services of two oSicers, who, with one
of his assistants, were stationed at the
door of the hall. They were instructed to
permit any person inside who wished to
do so to leave tne hall, but nobody was to
be allowed to enter.
Many of the delegates had come out
into tfc*e street for a breath of fresh air, bat
ween they tried to re-enter the nail they
were bluntly refused admittance. Pro
tests were of no avail. The locked-out
Williams supporters bad to remain oat
side.
This was also the fate of the man with
his load of sandwiches and coffee. Mr.
Mcdgett would not allow him to go into
the hall with his food.
About 1:30 o'clock tee gallery lights and
many others ia the ball were turned off
by the agent, leaving the bis auditorium
in a state of almost entire ob:curity.
Mr. Coakley, Mr. Mellen and others
tried to enliven the occasion witn speeches
but there was a general desire to rest their
tired limbs, and many of the delegates
sought to get a nap on the hard settees.
About 2 o'clock a committee was dele
gated to make a final desperate attempt to
get some food to the famished delegates
by any means possible. The committee
returned in a short time with a large sup
pi of edibles. They again besought tie
officers at the door to permit them to carry
the food into the hall, but all their en
treaties were as heretofore in Tain. Tae
police had s>Crict orders from Mr. Mudgett
in the matter and they followed them to
the letter. Many delegates were lesvia*
the hall, Deing enable to stand the strain
longer.
At last, about 4 o'clock, those who had
planned to work and amucgie in some
food were successful. Big baskets of sand
wiches were handed through a window in
the ticket-office on the Hamilton-place
entrance.
Ju-t how the supply rot through the
enemy's line at this point is a cystery,
but tae hungry men in the hall did not
stop to consider this point and pounced
upon the eatables with a vengeance. A
spirit of renewed animation seued the
people in the hall after tney had had
thing to eat, and they danced, sane,
played cards and mace merry generally.
James Hushes, a delegate who had gone
out of the hall, was found dead in an alley
way adjoining the hall at 3 o'clock. A
deep bruise in the palm of the right hand
showed that a fatal conent of an electric-
light wire had killed him. Hughes was
undoubtedly trying to re-enter the hall by
ibe rire-escape when he was killed.
At 11 o'clock Mr. Pratt called the con
vention to order, ami those in tbe hail
pare Tent to their 4eelin«s in the wildest
demonstrations of joy.
Mr. Pratt read the call. While this was
going on in the haiiCieorge Fred Williams
was waiting for admission at UM door
downstairs.
Mr. Mellen of Worcester was unani
mously made temrorary chairman. Mean
time Mr. Williams, who bad been in
formed of whst bad been done, seut bark
word for the convention to continue,
adding with the locked -out delegates be
would so to another hall, where similar
action would be taken and the same com
mittees appointed. The chair then ap
pointed a credentials committee.
While the police were considering the
matter of opening the door of tne Music
Hall a meeting was held in the open air ai
Hamilton place. Those in attendance
voted unanimously that George Fred Wil
liams remain with them.
It was announced amid great cheering
that Wiiiiam* had received toe Music Hall
nomination for Governor ami this action
was indorsed.
Timothy W. Coakley announced that
the Police Commission was in session con
sidering whether or not they would with
draw the police and open Music Ha
motion to adjourn was voted down.
Thia ticket was read as having been
adopted inside:
For Governor' — George Fred WilUams-
For Lieutenant-Governor — Christopher
T. callahan.
For Secretary— Josfph P. Potts of Lynn.
For Treasurer— John P. O'Donnell.
For Attorney-Generat— Thomas T. Wtt
son.
For Auditor— Maurice P. Cavauaugh.
At 2:15 it was announced that in twenty
minutes the delegates would be admitted
to the hall on order of tbe police.
While the meeting at Music Hall was in
session everything that was done therein,
whether of nominations or otherwise, was
briefly reported to the crowd gathered in
Hamilton place and promoUy ratified by
that assemblage. While these simul
taneous proceedings were in progress an
nouncement was made to the Hamilton
place gathering that Secretary Denison
cad secured Horticuturai Hal:, near by,
and invited all to go there.
A.i those who had "held the fort' for so
many hours left the famous Music Hall
joining tne throng in Hamilton Dlace
and vicinity, all proceeded as an escort to
Horticultural Hail to hear Mr. Williams
accept tbe nomination for Governor of
Massachusetts. ■''.-■>'.&■
A meeting of the Democratic State
Committee- to determine upon the course
to be pursued with reference to holding
the convention in Music Hall was held,
and the committee decided to follow the
easiest course and outwit the Williams
men at their own game. They and their
followers marched to the convention hall,
beaded by a band, about noon, and find
ing that the hall was still in the hands of
tee Williams people the regulars declared
that the hall was is tha possession c: out
siders, and they declared the convention
adjourned to meet at Faneail Hall, thus
mating the Williams men bolters.
The Democratic State Convention at
Faneuil Hall was convened ac 1 :30 o'clock
for tne nomination of a candidate for
Governor by adjournment from Music
Hall.
A resolution was presented bv M. M.
Lomansey indorsing the nomination of
Bryan and Sewail and the Chicago con
vention. The resolution was put to a vote
and declared adopted.
Thomas J. Gargan then took the plat
form and called for a bolt of the sound
money men from the convention.
The resignations of H. C. Thacber, S. K.
Hamilton, C. C. Epellman, N. Matthews
Jr., Walter Cutting and several other
members of the State Committee were then
formally presented and were accepted
with a great shout. Tne usual commit
tees were then appointed.
Pail J. Farley of Lowell was elected per
manent chairman. The committee on
State nominations presented the name of
George Fred Williams for Governor and
the report was adopted, but without en
thusiasm. Christopher T. Callahan was
nominated for Iientenan'.-Governor. A
special committee was appointed to com
plete the ticket. E. C. Marshall of Boston
and J. M. Murphy of Lcwell were nomi
nated for electors at large. The conven
tion then adjourned.
The platform adopted at the Music Hall
convention was in part as follows:
The Democracy of Massachusetts pledges iu
loyalty and rapport to William J. Bryan aad
Arthur s*waii, and indorses the platform
adopted at Chicago as representing the very
e&tence c! Democracy in its unfettered ad
vocacy of the rights of tie whole people and
la their defense a; tlnat theex&ctlo&joi an who
thronsh special privileges and monopolistic
combined would trey upon them. rr.« l*eiao
cratie party fca« again become the party 01 the
people as it was is the days of Je:f«non and
Jeckion. —
We decline the restoration of silver to its
fall nosey function «cd Its free coins re *:
the present ratio of 16 to 1 without w*.;t'nc
for the consent of any other cation. The
Democracy of Massachusetts recognises no dif
ferences of the rights of men before the law
and insist the rich and poor alike are entitled
to ■.:- protection.
Our country, once resaarssbie for the eq^il
distribution of wealth and the prosjxrity of
ail its ciliaen*. is now dominated byanoli
farohy c: millionaires, many of w:oa pesaets
wealth acquired by unjust privileges and
frauds permittedjby cur Laws. They find their
natural coxae in the Republican party, whose
cardinal principle is to build up one man's
fcc&iness by taxing many others, which h»«
become the party of those who pay for public
favors. "
Th»> modes of d-jpolliag the people ara
mainly through ua;n>t legislation, monopolies
and the appreciated dollar. Oar N«;ion«i
taxes. fc*$ed ca cocsnmption, fall with undce
weight on those Iea.«t able to bear them. The
income-tax passed by the Democratic Congress
attempted to remedy this injustice. We in
dorse the minority opinion of Justice Harian
of the Supreme Court, that thereceat Income
tax decision, overthrowing the settled con
slrociioB of the ecxutlmuoB, as applied in
loo ye*rs of practice. m*y cot improperly be
regarded **» -ciicial revolution.
The Republican party is the bulwark of
monopoly. Taatrc*mp*ign and Presidential
candidate are dommaied by Tr.e magnate of
an ore trast and the destror^rof labor unions,
and use aoaiae* for the second p!aceisthe
attorney for a coal combine that thUvear d*
spoils the people of &chnsetts of two mil
liooa of dollars by r*lMo£ th* price of foeL
Government by injunction should not be
tolerated in this »and. When eooru of equity
assume era i jurisdiction they become
liable to «11 the abuses an.i tvranny of the ia
fatauas atax chambers of £og!aad.
COLD 5TA.\ it AKD WIXB.
>ound JST**cy !>*>mt*ralm T>is»emt Tram
the iilw Simte Ticket.
-".OX, Hasi Sept. £G.— Tais afternoon
the gold tt&adard win? of the Deaucratic
party, dissenting frem the platioxm adopted
and State tiefce: soaiinated by to-day's convea
tion, decided to place in tee field oe. nomina
tion paper* a ticket favorable to the nominees
■ ad platform of the coavestioa held in In
diacepoU* early iti< xaozxth.
The Ctekes, as filed by the National Deme
craac State Cwmiiw c: MassachBaetu ii as
Joi!cvrj:
£lectorf of President a=d Vice-President.
Bomiatted to support Plater and Bnekner.
For Governor. Frederick O. Price of Bos toe
Far Ueateaast-Goveraor, Jasres E. McCea
teu ol Fitch 'arc.
S*cm*TT, Waldo Li cola. Worewter
Treasurer. Horace P. Toby, Warehaa.
Andlwx, Charles O. S^llraaa, Spriarfleld.
At:c.--cr- -r.;r». ■■— yy HcrJbot. lv- 2
BUT AS BZGJX* TO WRITE.
Cemn\»aiM em tke Relief ef BUwtmr** m
BitmttmUism,
CHICAGO, III. Sept. 2S.— In accord
ance with nis promise made to the Ger
man-American Bryan and AlUeld Club of '
Chicago on the occasion of the presenta
tion of an address to William J. Bryan in
St. Louis, September 12. a letter was re
ceived to-day by the club from the nom- '
inee. Be includes in hi* letter the epistle i
of Prince Bismarck to Governor Cuiber- i
son and adds: "My confidence in the
! good judgment of our German- Americans
leads me to belie re that they will be found '
among the stanchest supporters of bimet- ■
allism, and my faith in their patriotism"
cakes me certain that they will favor an
independent financial policy for tae !
United - States. The hirfe standing of
Prince Bismarck among the German peo-
I fie end the respect fth ic: his opinion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
throughout the world give great weight to
his words.
"If the gold standard has been a blessing
to Germany he certainly would not de
sire his country to abandon the cold
standard and restore bimetallism. It is
humiliating to think that American citi
zens doubt tne ability of the United
Mates to legislate for itself, when a states
man like Bisniarck is willing to concede to
the United States the ability to lead In
the restoration of bimetallism. Tbe testi
mony riven by Bismarck to the failure of
the gold stand to benefit Germany is like
wise true of every nation which has tried
the gold standard. Tbe gold standard
means dear money, and dear money means
hard times. This is the universal experi
ence where i: baa been tried, and only
those who desire hard times and profit by
them can. in the end, support the present
financial . policy which me Republican
party desires to maintain so long as the
maintenance of that policy is insisted on
by foreign creditors.' '
This is the first public letter Mr. Bryan
has written since his letter accepting the
nomination.
FOR WAI SOX AM* Bit I AS.
Pepuli$tt flan to Hold a Big Meeting in
CHICAGO. III., Sept 36.— W. S. Mor
gan of Hardy. Ariz., one of the National
leaders of the Middle-of-the-road Populists,
was at Populist headquarter* to-day.
Speaking of the plans of M. Watson he
■aid the nominee would come forth after
the election in Georgia, October 7. and
would speak in Indiana on tlie 8th. An
effort will be made to get Mr. Watson here
for Chicago day, October 9, when the Re
publicans and Democrats intend to hold
big celebrations, including parades and
meetings. It is part of the Populism nro
e ram me to have Bryan and Watson speat
from the same platform that daw Tbe
Yice-Presideutial nominee will probably
visit Minnesota, Wisconsin and Michigan
and then go through the West, speaking
in Kansas, Nebraska, Colorado. South
Dakota, Oregon and California. His itin
erary will depend on th*» arrangements of
the local and State committees. He will
eo where there is the greatest demand for
him.
ITlfl Vote for Buekner.
CHICAGO, III., Senr. 26.— Letters re
ceived at the heailqnr.rter? of the National
Democratic party indicate that the Pal
mer and Bnccner ticket will not get much
support from Democrats unless the Na
tional Committee aemonstraies by its
actions that the movement is not iu any
way an adjunct of MeKinleyisin. The
writer*, who claim to be old Democrats,
declare that an independent and aggres
sive canva«s mnst be made irrespective of
whom it may help or hurt. The letters
are filled with fear that the committee is
not going to be aggressive enough. The
reports received from eighteen States
wbere the contest will not be onesided
show that tbe ami-si.ver Democrats are
going to rote for Pslmer no matter if it
eiect? or deieats >5cKi:ney.
ANOTHER HOLMES CASTLE
A Chicago Physician Charged
With the Murder of a
Young Woman.
Circumstances Surrounding Her Fat?
Lead to the Most Startling
Developments.
CHICAGO, Ili.. Sepw D6.— A morning
papsr say?: Startling deveiopments iur
roending the my- :er:cu- death cf Emma
Bartels at the home of Dr. C. W. Winter".
108 South California avenue, September 10,
requited yesterday in the arrest of the phy
sician on the charge of murder and his in
dictment by the Grand Jury.
The evidence now ia the possession of
the police bids fair. Lieutenant Baird of
the Warren-avenr.e Police station sav«. to
deveiop conditions at the California-ave
nue hon«e jiroiiar to those of the Holmes
I in Kngiewood, with the swindling
motive omitttrd.
ETer since the death cf Emma Bartels
anonymous letters have been corning to
the police and the re:aur*s of the dead
-eariBR upon the alleged criminal
practice of Dr. Winters. In them he was
charged with crime and the names of some
• supposed victims were signed to the
ves.
The police have found two young women
who entered the home under similar con
ditions, it is supposed, as Mil? Bartels did,
but not Attended with fatal results, and it
wa*UDon:.. .any before the Grand
yesterday that the indictmect was
returned.
One oi these is Tiiiie Taddr, who now
lires at U Wed Twenty-sixth street, and
the other is Bertha Clayton, an inmate ot
the Industrial Scnooi at Evar.«:on. When
their experiences with Dr. Winters were
related to the police Lieutenant Baird
made formal charges again*: t L
fcr the marder of Kcnma Barte:s.
The latter was : ni . . a dying condi
tion in the house snortiy before midnight
on September 10. She lived with her
widowed mother at 243 North Center
avenue, and had gone to Dr. Winters'
house in search of employment. Dr.
Winters having inserted an ad'vertisement
for a servant i:\ the morning papers.
XATIO.IJiL PSISOX JlErOMMEXS.
5om« l*»pori*ni Topt'e* to Com* Bef*r«
th» Conrt-ntion.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept- 26.—
National Prison . Reform Convention
opened its session at the Athenian* to
night. Among tnose present are J. L.
Million of Allegheny, Pa., secretary of
the National Association; C L. Brad
•haw, chaplain of Alleghany County
Workbo^!*"; ifrs. E. C. Barrows of
Boston. o£cial stesosraher of the coc-
Kress; Captain E. SL Wright, Warden of
the Pennsylvania Western Penitentiary,
and wife; Joan Wav Jr., president of the
board of directors of the AUeghany County
Workhouse; Charles F. Xevin and Daria
B. Oliver, directors of the Western Peni
tentiary; Theodore KooseTelt, Police
Cocisaisaioner of New York; C B. Brock
wav, superintendent of the Xew York
State Reformatory; T. H. Wines, formerly
secretary of the National Prison Associa
tion, and Judge Whaien, dean of the Yale
Law ScbooL
The men who make up the convention
are superintendents, wardens and chap
lains of prisons, chiefs of police and mem
bers of beards of control. There will be a
lecture by Dr. Samuel G. Smith of the
University of Minnesota on "Crime in Its
Relation to Economics," a paper by Dr.
Julius Morel of Brussels, Belgium, on
•The System of Solitary Confinement."
and an illustrated lecture on "Degenera
tion," by Dr. G. Frank Lydsion of Chi
cago.
Th« meeting was called to order by
President Brinkerboff of St. Louis and
was practically informal. The work of
toe session will begin next Monday morn-
: -= -
Smmk Officials in S*ric*ts TreukU.
NEW ORLEANS, La-, Sept. 26.—Affi
davits were made yesterday against Presi
de::: Nichols and Cashier La Blanc of the
lately suspended Bank of Commerce by
one of the bank's depositors and share
holders, charging them specifically vita
receiving aeposiu - alter they knew the
bank was insolvent. The penalty for vio
lating the act is not less than fire years in
the penitentiary. The president and
cashier were arrested, pleaded not guilty
ana were held ia bends of $500. Bail was
Siren.
BRYAN VISITS
SEW/ILL'S HOME
Undismayed by the Result
of the Recent Maine
Election.
BATH'S WARM WELCOME
The Candidate Escorted by Hands
and Enthusiastic Free
Silver Clubs.
TALKS IN NEW HAMPSHIRE.
Noisy Demonstrations at All Stopping-
Points Alon* tbe Line of
Travel.
BATH. l!t, Sept. 26.— Arthur Sewall's
home town was delirious to-night in the
presence of Mr. Sewall's colleaaue on the
National Democratic ticket, William J.
Bryan of Nebraska. Everybody turned
out to see the two Chicago nominees,
and the local population was augmented
by iaree numbers of excursionists from
near-by communities.
The candidates were met at the station
by a big crowd, placed in a carriage drawn
by four horses and escorted to Mr. Sew
all's residence by free-silver clubs and a
camber of local Democrats. From the
Sewall residence to the Custom-house
four bands preceded the Bryan and Sew
all clubs that led the way. The model of
a ship built by Mr. Sewali's firm was a
feature of the procession. Messrs. Bryan
and Bewail were cneered with great rigor
as they came on the stand. Mr. Sewall
presented Mr. Bryan, who said :
The visit to the home of mr colleague in this
typical city of New England Is on« of the
pleasant Incident* of my ;ourner from the
PiAt;e to the Keanebec I did not become ac
quainted with Mr. wall until" the conven
tion, but my opinion ol him has • Improved
from day to day. I can assure you we. have
no hostile designs against the people ol
the East. .The policies we advocate we
believe will help the people of every
section of the country. Therefore I am glad
to defend those policies even to those who
have hitherto opposed them. Such is the
power of the truth that I expect to see bimetal
lism at 16 to l yet be as popular in Maine as
in Colorado. When the principles are under
stood it is all simple enough.
Mr. Bryan talked about a flood of
money, and'referred to the use of silver as
money in China, Japan and India sub
stantially as in his previous speeches. He
made an eloquent address. >■,;>.
At the conclusion of the speech there
was a wild scene. Men swung their hats
and shouted themselves hoarse. A rush
forward to shake hands with the leader of
the ticket was made, but Mr. Bryan
evaded the onslaught and escaped with
Mr. Sewall. Bands and political organi
zations fell into line, and the candidates
were escorted back to Mr. Sewails home.
Mr. Bryan left Boston at 8 o'clock this
morning, accompanied bv Mr. Sewall, re
ceiving hearty cheers at the depot as the
train pulled out.
The first stop was at Lowell, where 6000
people greeted the candidate. Mr. Bryan
stood on the car platform and told the
people he was clad to see them, but did
not nave time to discuss any question of
politics. The train left tut re at 9:12
o'clock.
Mr. Bryan's advent to New Hampshire
and Maine began with a warm reception
at Nashua Junction, where 3000 people
greeted him and showed considerable en
thusiasm. Mr. Bryan was cheered and
made a speech. Mr. Sewall also said a few
word*. Both candidates were cheered and
were much pleased with the reception.
At Manchester. N. II., there was a 'big
crowd at Merriaiac Park, hit her Bryan
and Mr. Sewa.1 were escorted by the Bryan
and Sewall reception committee and a
band. Judge John P. Bartlett introduced
the speaker, who was loudly cheered as he
arose to «peat. Mr. Bryan said:
FeUow-citliens: We bar* been accused of
raising a sectional issue. The best evidence
that we hive not raised a sectional issue is
that our opponents advocate a double stand
ard. The time was when oar opponents in
sisted that the gold standard was satisfactory
to a few Northeasters slates, and in a little
while they will not be able to find anybody to
whom it will be satisfactory. [Applause.]*
Your daily papers have been telling you that
the silver sentiment is a craze and is dying
out, ana you have felt that It was not a«eee>
tary to waste tim« in considering a. erase, but
when a great National party declared in favor
of bimetallism, and specifically pointed out
the means by which it could be restored, and
came out openly fox the immediate restoration
of the free and unlimited coinage of gold and
tilver at the present legal ratio of 16 to 1,
without the aid or consent of any other nation
on earth [applause], you began to investigate,
and that has led to a change of conviction on
the part of hundreds of thousands who live
east of the Allegheny mountains. [Applause.]
My friends, the best evidence that we are
right in our petition is that when oar cause is
; re**:;:..-- to disinterested people th«y an con
vinced of its soundness. Ko recent campaign
has given such cocclacive evidence of the ca
pacity of the people for sell-government as
this. With all the great corporations and syn
dicates and trusts and combines and moneyed
influence on the or.<? side, with all the cam
paign fend on one tide, the people themselves
are troing into politics this year, and they are
indifferent to all the opposition that is arrayed
against them. [Applause.]
In his short journey from Manchester
to Lawrence Mr. Bryan' was cheered by a
couple of hundred people at Deny, N." H.
Salem turned out a small part of its popu
lation to see the nominee. The Free Sil
ver Club at Derry save Mr. Bryan a "sil
ver hat"— rough felt affair jrith a silver
cord about it. He first appeared in it at
the town of Methuen. At Lawrence Mr.
Bryan nad luncheon and made a brief
speech from the railway station. When
his special car arrived, at 12:40 r. x.. Mr.
Bryan was taken to the Essex House
■with Mr. Sewall, and a banquet was
served.
At the City Hi;:, where the speech
making looc r'ace, the crowd numbered
between 5000 and SOW and showed by its
cheers a decjdea partiality for Mr. Bryan.
Mr. Bryan wore his new siiTer tiie at the
meeunx «d returned to tbe train with it
polled down over his eara. The tra:-
Lawrence for Exeter, N. H., at 1:3a After
learinc Lawrence a stop of a few minutes
was nade by Mr. Bryan at Haverbill— too
brief for a speech, f iie bead of the ticket
and his running mat* from Maine were
cheered loudiy at the station, where more
than ax» people formed two separate
crowds, one each side of the tracks. Mr.
Bryan and Mr. SewaU bad only time to
make a few bows when tbe warning signal
was given and the tr*in started.
TH ACHES HECL13K3.
Could >•* Bmm for Oorrmor •» CJH CM-
<**• Platform.
ALBANY, K. Y.. Sept. John Boyd
Ttacher nas declined to accept the Demo
cratic nomination for GoTernor. He was
nominated at BuSalo by the Democratic
conxention September 17th.
Th« plaUorm adopted by that conrea
tion. in so far as it unequirocally indorsed
the Chicago platform, cannot be subscribed
to by Thacher any more than he could
C * T * E 1 **" bis approrai to the ttucajro
platform itself in many of its essential
features. The result is his declination.
There wa« int»nt* eaciteasent about the
«tyw- ? i:. :;... h-r"* .>cl:=a;ioa •*
came ; iiewn, snortiy ocioxv acca.' Ihe
ntmost surprise was manifested by the
members of tbe notification committee
when they learned of Mr. .Thacher's de
cision. Senator David B. Hill remained
at bis house at Wolfert's Roost to-day.
When a representative of the United
Associated Presses called to see him at 11
o'cloct he refused to be interviewed or
discuss Mr. Thacher's declination in any
way.
The general impression of the politicians
about the Kenmore was ihat Thacber's
withdrawal means Senator Hill's retire
mem from active political service this
falJ, and especially on the stump, as he
could not with consistency advocate the
election to the Governorship of such a
man as it is admitted will be nominated
by the State Committee to take Mr.
Thacher's place — that is, a man who will
stand squarely and firmly on the Chicago
platform and who will make his canvass
for a State office upon almost the sola is
sue of free coinago of lilver.
ALL QUIET AT LEADV1LLE.
The Missouri Miners Present a Sorry
Appearance— The Strike Hay Be
Declared Off.
LEADVILLE, Colo.. Sept 26.—Scatter
ing shots occasionally heard in thegulleys
and about the great mine dumps keep the
militia guards on the alert during their
night vigils, but on the surface everything
la calm. The Missouri miners are saiely
boused, though betraying evidences of
poverty in clothing and lack of nourishing
food needful to withstand this exacting
climate. Here, however, they are well
cared for. but they may not prove a
formidable force for defense in case rioting
b renewed.
The Bison mine was fired up to-day, and
otner mines may itaxt next week.
General Books gave permission to the
miners to hold an official meetin* of the
union, but he will be present with his
staff to see that no incendiary talk is per
mitted. The meeting may result in de
claring the strike off.
A rather stormy meeting was heid to
night by the strikers, but the better ele
ment predominated and at midnight it
was finally decided to return to work at
|he old schedule prices, providing the
mine-owners would agree to give them
back their old places.
A committee of live was appointed to
confer with the mine-owners, and it is be
lieved that outside of one or two mines
that have started ud with non-union men
the rest will agree to the settlement.
AMERICA* INSTITUTE TAIB.
JTiJwon Square Garden to Be the Scene
of the Exhibits.
NEW YORK, N. Y., Sept. 26—The
American Institute Fair will this year, for
the first time, be held in Madison Square
Garden. It will open September 23 and
close October 29. The history of the in
stitute follows closely that of the develop
ment of old New York. Sixty-eight years
ago a few gentlemen, interested in the
welfare of the city from an industrial and
educational standpoint, conceived the idea
of establishing some organization that
shouid bring within its scope the advance
ment of industry, agriculture and science
in the State of New York, tinder such a
charter as would insure the encouragement
of American industry everywhere. These
men met in a small room in Tammanv
Hali. They organized the American In
stitute, applied" to the Legislature for a
charter, and in the following year it was
founded.
BZC1CLE3 GOI*G UP.
Price* of Xext Tear's Hvjh-Claut Wheel a
to He liaised.
CHICAGO, 111, Sept. 26.— A ipecial
from Pitts burg says: According to a Pitts
burg manufacturer of 'steel bicycle tubing
there will be no cheat) bicycles next year.
He says the price on high-grade wheels
will be advanced to recoup the fosses of
the manufacturers, who suffered by the
introduction of the cheap machines and
the war of prices this year.
The leading makers of high-class bi
cycles have been at work trying to devise
a scheme by which the manufacture of
cheap bicycles could be checked. At the
meeting held in the Ho:el Waldorf in New
York steps were taken tending to this
end. The meeting was a preliminary ses
sion, and another will be held within a
few weexs to fix next season's prices.
EQVITABZE A1U VXIO2F.
Michigan Jtetifrtd from th« Control of
the Jteeeirer.
ERIE, Pa-, Sept. 26.— The Grand Coun
cil of the Equitable Aid Union of the juris
diction of Michigan was in court yesterday
on a petition asking that that State be
released from the receiTership appointed
by the Erie County Court last week for
class A of the Equitable Aid Union. F.
S. Stone of HilUdale, Mien., appeared for
the Grand Union of Michigan and pre
sented statements that the Michigan
Union was a separate Jurisdiction; that it
baa 190 members in class A and had no
debts; that it nas $1,000,000 cash on hand.
The court thereupon made an order
releasing . the jurisdiction of Michigan
from the receiTership of that class of the
order.
MASOOyS TBSEAIE.V TBOVBZE.
1 semi- Civilized Jamaica Trite With m
GnVrnnw.
NEW YORK, X. Y., Sept. 2S.— United
Press correspondence from Kingston,
Jamaica, says that the half-civilixeo:
northern tribe, the Maroons, are threat
ening trouble. The Maroons, believing
that their reservations were beine en
croached on, made a raid a year ago.
They were repulsed, but thj leaders were
treated so leniently that they believed
tha: their claims were acknowledged.
They have now made another raid, and a
strong force of police has been sent
against them. If they resist their reser
vations will probably be confiscated and
they will be dispersed among the general
population.
BIG BLAZE J\ nORCESTXB.
Possible Jttsult of JHtplayimg Bryan's
Picture on a Be* Flag.
WORCESTER, Mass.. Sept. 27.-1:50
a. x.— The W. H. Barns block at Salem
square is ablaze. A general alarm has
just been sounded. At the Bryan meet
ing yesterday the Barns block displayed
Bryan's picture on a red fag. Incendia
rism is probably the <*au«e.
IZailrcad ttar in the Jiait.
CHICAGO, III.. Sept. 26.— A morning
paper says that the Illinois Central and
the Southern Pacific are making a fight
against the joint traffic lines Irom Chicago
to Eastern ports in tbe export grain and
cotton trade. The Southern Pacific in
tends to put on a steamship line from Gai
reston a&d New Orieans to LiTerpool, ana
tbe Illinois Central is making prepara
tions to carry grain to >ew Orleans for
shipment.
Ian Mm*Lmr*w Arrivs Front JEW*?*.
SEW YORK, K. Y., Sept. £6L-The
Scotch diTine end author. Dr. John Wat
son (Ian MacLaren). who comes to lee*
tore and ooens at.Yale in the theological
coarse, arrived from Europe yesterday.
After finishing his lecture course he triil
traTel througtx the country as far w«st as
St. Paul.
W. JC. raadtrbili ibm JTrcw JEurtp*.
SEW YORK, K. Y., Sent. 26.-W. K.
Yandertolt arrived home from Europe yes
terday. Asked if he found any rare books.
he reolied: "Only books oo trees an d
flowers for the Baltimore library. XotK.
ing that the bibliophiles cay fail into -X*
stasies OTer.» * "**
y»r*tcm to t*« Front Jig aim.
SEW YORK, N. Y., Sept. »—In the
atrical circles it is reported that the death
of Fnu KUf&ky insures tassw-tagaymsnt
of Mme. Nordica as dramatic prims doana
in the Abbey-Gran Grand Opera Compiny
this winter.
♦
PJZJLBY i-AKTT RETVR*1SQ
Tail to Bring the Meteor for Which They I
Went in Search, «
SYDNEY, C. B. I., Sept. 26— The j
steamer Hope, with Lieutenant Peary and |
partv on board, arrived here to-day, and ;
will leave for the United States Monday. |
The correspondent of the United Asso- j
ciated Presses did not find any of the party I
very communicative as to why they dia
not bring the mueh-talked-of meteor with ,
them. .:.;:-■:/ £>.<•?■•
One explanation of the failure is that
the gear on the Hope was not powerful
enough to raise the great mass. The trip
was singularly free from accidents and a
slight seasickness at erst was the only ill- j
ness from which any of the party suffered. ,
The propeller was somewhat damaged ;
by the ice, but the speed of the ship at no
time when necessary was less than six
knots. Going north the Hope called at
Gods Haven and Unmak.
Professor Burton of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology and party landed
at Unmak. Here sketches were made. On
the following day, August 8, the Cornell :
party landed at the peninsula of >ngsuafc,
where they remained while the ship went
further north with Lieutenant Peary.
itlXAMITJZ IS CUBA.
Eebet* Blowing Up Bridget and Tiring
Sugar Estate*.
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept. £6.<-The police
of this city have discovered a dynamite
bomb, weighing fourteen pounds, under
the Concha bridge, on the outskirts of
Havana.
It is supposed that the bomb "was in
tended to cause the destruction of the
bridge, and for some unexplained reason
it failed to explode. There is no clew to
the persons who placed the bomb where
it was found.
Tne rebels have blown up the Yaguasa
bridge, on the Western Railroad, in the
province of Pinar del Rio. > .-''; v
They have also destroyed two culverts
near Herradura &nd Paso Real in the
same province. In all cases dynamite
was the explosive used.
Three more sugar estates in the province
of Matanzas have been burned by insur
gents. ; ':---: '
Socialist Labor Party.
Ihe Socialist Labor party held a big ■
meeting on Fifth street last evening, j
which was addressed by C. D. Sunflower,
William Costley, George Aspen and E. T. :
Kingsley. Several hundred people re
mained for over two hours ana appeared :
to appreciate the pointed thrusts given to !
the old parties and their political methods. :
These outdoor meetings will be con- '
tinned up to the election.
TO CUBE HEADACHES.
Simple Bemediei That "Will Bring
Speedy Relief to Sufferers.
"A. hot bath, a stroll in the fresh air,
shampooing the head in weatc soda-water,
or a timely nap in a cool, quiet room will
sometimes stop a nervous headache,"
writes Dr. B. F. Herrick in August Ladies'
Home Journal. "When overfatigued from
shopping or sightseeing a sponge dipped
in very hot water and pressed repeatedly
over the back of the neck, between the
ears, will be found exceedingly re
freshing, especially if the face and
temples are * afterward subjected to the
same treatment. Neuralgia is caused not
only by cold air but by acidity of the
IF YOU FEEL SICK, WEAK AND TIRED,
If You Are Downhearted and Discouraged
Through Repeated Failures to Get Help
DON'T GIVE UP.
BS * Ai L c
DOCTOR S^TES-AJXTS",
He Will Give You Advice That Will Benefit You and
Treatment That Will Make You Well and Strong.
He is a physician whose reputation is established by the in-
disputable evidence of ten years of successful practice" in San
Francisco, whose skill is unquestioned, whose ability is rec-
ognized, whose cured patients are scattered throughout the city
and vast land as living monuments of his noble work and suc-
cessful practice. Medical institutes have risen and fallen : spe-
cialists have come and gone : others will come and go -am*
&3 those before them, leaving their patients poorer and uncured
but Dr. Sweany, the reliable, honorable and skilled specialW
whose offices so long established, will always be found at 737
Market street, San Francisco, extending to the s'ick the best, *aie-t
and most successful treatment which the ripe experience of manv
years' practice can furnish.
Diseases of Young, Middle- Aged and Old Men,
Which weaken the body and the brain, causing nervous debilitv
mall its distressing forms, such as wasting away and atrophv of
the organs, night emissions, drains which sap the vitalitvf weak
and failing manhood, aching back and diseased kidney *a fed
feeling, fear of danger or death, difficult breathing di'ziine^of
the head, palpitation of the heart, despondencv^or r^rTo'v
a wandering mind, mnamed gland varicocele. hvdrSele fa-
prostate gland, and all diseases and weakness of the -exjera-ive
organs fully and stored to natural st^SSTid
v^gor. Diseases of women scientifically treated and Tn^Tiably
SSI?" "Guide to
i- V* v-i »Ai- uiie;uei oj all the or^in^ fre* on
application. Addre^? *.f? a
DR. F. L. SWEANY,
vS7 Market Slrf-i. Sail Fraadsco, CaL
stomach, starved nerve?, imperfect teeth,
or bv indolence, combined with a too
1 generous diet. H*at is the best and
I qn-ckest cure for th distressing pain. A
Sot flatiron, ].assei! rapidly and deftly
over several folds of flannel laid on the
affected spot, will often give relief in leas
\ than ten minutes without the aid of
i medicine. Hot fomentations are of equal
' ralne; though when the skin is very
'under it is more advisable to me dry
; hVat nothing being better for tbe
'■ purpose than bags of heated salt,
liotr or sand, wnich retain warmth
< for « ion" time. Cold water, applied by the
i nncsr tips to the nerves in front of the
ear". *as been known to dispel neuralgia
i pains like magic. When caused by acidity
! a dose of charcoal or soda will tuua;ly acs
i as a corrective, fc'ick headache is accom-
I panied ay bilious symptoms, and attacks
usually tome on when the person is over
i tired or below par physical!?. Tr.i» la a
■ disease of the first haii of life and of lea
■ stops of iti own accord afteT xaiddie age.
i A careful diet is imi>eratjve in every ct»e,
I sweetmeats and pzslrj being ts^eizllj
pernicious.
"Eating heirtily wh«n very tired. la:a
dinners, eatitg rrrezai*r*y, ipstfLeitns
mastication o'. too raccb asJnsa! food,
! especially in th* gpricg cr dzrin% the hot
weather, are freqaeat caa««! oi iedsges
| tion. causing heaaach«a It? r»f ' " action.
Joy's for the Jaded and Good
Health for all ¥«»trf«^-
JOY'S VEGETABLE S«CSAFAClU.a.
Is made from Jflj 'S'jt^r^tf
herbs, and I ■ z^' -■'-■'■•'
contains no cQljyJ^^Sg yz~.-^Z<Z.z-~-<~
mineral sel*. *
drugs or S?*^^B
deadly poi^- V^^l c=r<* iv*-
on. Joy's
Vegetable WME* 3*4 ?epiu;
SarsaparUla 1*81r. ! «V C it r o = i c
robs the ■■»__ jng Ccs*t:?.*-
blood of all ±?qS*^3' t'=, Lr»-r
its iapuri- ■)£!>»!■ Ci-
ties, and fei!J/ 1 -'2rSj Zs.^rf
courses all fi^^&^M •=- r " r^" r - a *»
t>jf<uf iiapaii- I
| Jot's Tesretable 1
Sarsaparilla
■ prevents tired feel- I
■ ings, staggering sen- ■
I satiocs, palpitation I
H ■ of heart, ru=h of I
f^Jl I dizziness, ringing in I IlkJ
■S^Hl I cars, spois before the I
E3j I eyes, headache, bil- I
■ iousne3s,con5tipation ■ jg*S
Pflfi ■ of bcwela, pain? in I IpJ-
k^fl I the back^raelaocholr, ■ Ip*
■ tongue coated, foul ■ |m
«jj I breath, pimples on ■ «K
<3» ■ face, bodj and limb, ■ Ik:
mS< I declinecmerre force I EmJ
Wa I dizzy spells, faint I «L^
&3 I spelis, cold, clammv I Irj
■ feet and hands, sour I B [*J
I risings, fatigue, in- ■ iCj
KU I soimiia, and all dia- ■
I eases of the stomach, I
I liver and kidr
Joy^ Vee^-tabZe Sar-
■ sapari".' a is sold by all I
■ druggists. Refuse a ■
■ substitate. When yoa I
■ pay for the best see that ■
■ you get de besi.CLASH ON PALO
ALTO'S GRIDIRON
Stanford's Football Men
Meet the Reliance
Team.
NEITHER SIDE SCORES.
Short and Sharp Play Which
Tries the Candidates'
Ability.
FUMBLING BY THE VARSI1Y.
Initial Work of the New Material
That Is to Form the First
Eleven.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
- 2ti.— Stanford to-day played her first prac
tice came of football witb an outside team,
• the Kehance of Oakland, and while the
game was not a match, great interest was
taken in it by the students, as it gave an
idea of what the team could do when op
posed to a first-class eleven. The halfs
were short and sharp and the utmost good
humor prevailed throughout the contest.
Men were frequently changed by both
sides in order to give all the candidates
opportunity for improvement.
The Staniord men made a good show
ing, but fumbled badly at critical times
during the first half. Oliver's kickoff car
ried the ball so far into Stanford terri
tory that the ground was never regained
until time was called tor the first naif.
The score ended 0 — 0.
For Stanford, Fickert did good work at
guard, and but slight gain was made
: throu^nhim. He also distinguished him-
Eelf by several good tackles. Madden and
McGllvray as ends made several pretty
plays. Madden tackled finely and McGil
vray made good gain when given the ball.
Both Dole and Fisher played well at half,
but the latter is greatly inclined to run
back with the ball instead of keeping in.
Tuii resulted in his being tackled behind
the line on two occasions. Dole made
some pretty end runs. Seawright also did
good work at half for a new man.
For Reliance, Walton, Oliver and Arlett
I did the best work. The bucking of Wal
ton was tine, and the Reliance team
worked together even better than the
btaiiford players.
The first line-up of the team was as fol
lows:
Stanford. Position. Reliance.
Williams '87 Center Burnett
Carle '98. 7.R— Guard— I, Oliver
F;ckert '98 (cpu)..ii— Guard— K Wells
Rice '97 R— Tackle— Sexton
Harrington '98.. ( ■%*%**■*„
Thomas '97 Vl^Tackle— RJ Mld ? 1 ?
Robinson '97.. ..) 1 Uorsch
AlcGUvray '00 R— End— L Racine
Madden ":::::} 1 -^- 8 ! t yon
8mith'99 )L-End-R| Lanyon
Mclmosh '99-... 1 Quarterback/ ::::::::: J - Arlett
Murphy '00 / «uart«rDaclc | ParJte
>'lsh<r '98 1 x, „.,, T f i«™
Beawrlirht } B-Half-L { Lacuna
v?eli'el%6::\::::} mm*-b { waiwn
fSa" •0O e :.V.::V.}^^^{ A. ah.*
At 3:15 p. m. the signal for putting the ball
into play was given, and Oliver kicked oft for
the Reliance ■ for twenty yards. Ficlcert re
gained three yards when downed by Oliver.
The Stanford men rumbled the ball on a pass,
as they did at many points in the game when
it meant a loss. Fisher made a yard through
the line and Freeman was forced to punt lor
fifteen yards.
Reliance's ball— Walton made a magnificent
plunge through the line for four yards; Arlett
made two and an offside gave ten yards to the
Oaklanders. In successive plunges against the
line, chiefly by Walton, the Reliance made six
yards, and the ball went to Stanford.
Stanford's ball— Fisher shot into the Reli
ance tackle for four yards; a buck at the line
by Freeman and no gain was followed by a
twelve-yard end run by Dole, and Fisher
added eight more around the other end. The
ball went to the Reliance on downs after
another short gain by Dole.
Reliance's ball— Walton was given the ball,
but the diminutive Stanford quarter was
through the line so soon as to prevent any
gain. Oliver suffered a like fate at Fickert's
hands. Arlett punted but for ten yards, and a
Reliance tackle fell on the bail. Walton was
again tackled behind the line, and Lacuna
made no gain. Arlett pun tea once more, and
again the Oaklanders fell on the ball. Downs
and no gain gave Stanford the pigskin.
Stanford's ball — Dole with good interference
made an eighteen-yard run around the Reli
ance end, but bucking was in vain, and Reli
ance took the ball.
Reliance's Walton and Lacuna made
long gains in two trials, but the Stanford line
R pulled together and held its opponents to a
standstill on three downs and \ook the sphere.
Stanford's ball— Dole made a six-yard end
run and Freeman made a pretty four-yard
plunge, but fumbled the ball and Reliance
took possession of it.
Reliance's ball — A buck resulting in no gain
and an offside play by the Stanford quarter
gave Reliance ten yards. Walton struck for
five and Arlett made two yards; no gain by
tackle play and but a short gain by Walton
let Stanford in again.
Stanford's ball— sprinted around the
' Reliance end for four yards when time was
called for the first half.
Second half— Several new players went in at
the beginning of the second half on both elev
ens and during the last five or ten minutes of
p. ay Reliance played twelve men, which made
things lively for the Stanford line.
Stanford's ball — Carle kicked off for forty-five
yards and Frick ran the oall back some twenty
yards before being stopped. The ball was
.passed the active half fora run, butMcGilvray
was on him at once and he fumbled the ball,
which MeGiivray managed to capture.
Stanford's ball— DIegles was passed the ball
and succeeded in traversing some fifteen yards
before being captured. Immediately after
ward Seawright found a hole in the Reliance
line and dashed through for six yards. An
. other try by Digeles resulted in no gain and
Seawright was tackled three yards behind the
line.
Reliance's ball— Bucking tactics were next
tried by the men from the bay and they piled
up eight yards before Stanford brought them
to a stop and held the ball.
Stanford's ball— Dingles negotiated a three
yard gain and Seawright four more. Fickert
made four and Seawright increased it two
more. MeGiivray made a pretty end run, but
Lanagan's try was a fizzle and Reliance took
the ball.
Reliance's ball— The inflated sphere was now
close to the Oaklander's goal-line, and a kick
was tried, resulting in twenty yards gain,
Dipples partly recovering the lost ground.
Stanford's ball— Lanagan punted, but it was
at once returned by Lacuna, and a loss of ten
yards resulted. Fickert fell on the ball.
Lanagan again punted twenty yards.
Reliance's ball — Buck and no gain. Frick
bucked for twelve yards in two tries, and
Arlett found a bole In the Stanford line for
four more. The same player added on many
more a moment later. Stanford took the ball
in successive downs, and time was called be
fore she put It in play. Score, 0— O.
fatal rail at Fallejo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 26.— John Cur
ran, formerly employed In the San Fran
cisco Mint and later on the police
force, and whose brother, Patrick
Curran, is foreman of engine company
4 at San Francisco, while sitting on an
iron railing ieading down to the base
ment of Lynch's store, at the cor
ner of Georgia and Sacramento
streets, to-day lost his balance and
fell backward, striking ten feet below on
the stone steps. His neck was broken.
Curran has been here a short time, ex
pecting to get work in the navy-yard as a
boiler-maker.
_ • — — •
Til King of Fill's is Beectiam's— Beicchah's.
WILLIAM M. MOORE, THE NAPA MURDERER.
Moore confessed to the police of Los Angeles recently that he killed Mrs. Green
wood in Napa County in February, 1891. He is seemingly insane and is an absinthe
fiend, In mafcing the confession he declared that his secret had driven him to the
verge of insanity. Moore was arraigned at Napa yesterday and his preliminary ex
amination fixed for Tuesday. Moore was positively identified in court by two men
who knew him in Napa previous to the murder.
NAPA MEN KNOW MOORE
Tne Self-Confessed Murderer of
Mrs. Greenwood Fully
Identified.
Rancher Lynch Recognizes in the
Prisoner a Workman Once in
His Employ.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 26.— William Moore,
the man arrested for the murder of Mrs.
Greenwood in 1891, is in somewhat better
form to-day. Yesterday he talked freely
with visitors. He recognized W. R.
Cooper, for whom he worked thirteen
years ago. He was taken into the Sheriff '3
office, where he was told by District At
torney Bell what his legal rights were.
A statement was then mr.de by him in
the presence of witnesses and taken down
by the court reporter, Brownlee.
Many persons called at the jail to-day
trying to get a glimpse of the prisoner.
P. Lynch, for whom Moore at one time
worked, was in Napa this morning and
was taken over to the jail by Sheriff Mo
Kenzie, to see if he would recognize the
man charged with the murder of Mrs.
Greenwood.
As soon as Lynch came near the cell
and before he had an opportunity to say a
word Moore spoke to Lynch, calling him
by name. Lyncn. fully identified Moore,
and is very positive in his statement.
Lynch has a ranch near the Greenwood
place, and in October of 1880 he hired
Moore to work for him.
Moore continued to work for Lynch
until the latter part of January, 1881. j
Moore then left his emplov, saying that
Lynch conld probably get another man,
as help was plenty. From that date to j
this Lynch haa not seen Moore, but he
had no hesitation in saying: "That is
Moore."
Some of the stories told by Moore were
corroborated by Lynch.
John Bush, who worked with Moore for
Lynch, was also taken to the jail this
morning. He is positive in saying that
tue prisoner was none other than William
Moore.
Moore was arraigned before Justice Brad
ford this afternoon. A large crowd gath
ered in the courtroom, but the prisoner j
appeared the least concerned of all present. |
He gave his name as William M. Rowe.
When asked how he spelled his last name
he said: "Rowe or Roe, either way, ac
cording to whether I am in a hurry or i
not."
He appeared the hardened criminal as I
he joked with those about him, for he !
seemed totally indifferent to the grave
charge that had been placed against him.
His examination was set for next Tuesday •
morning.
WORK OF- IBIS CONFERENCE,
Church Questions Passrd Upon by t>outh-
em California Methodist*.
LO8 ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 26.— The
forenoon session of the Methodist Episco
pal conference here was without special
incident or importance beyond the admis
sion of certain young men to seats in the
body.
Rev. E. J. Inwood opened the session
with devotional services. The question of
forming a fund for the aid of superannu
ated ministers was introduced.
Rev, E. A. Healey ot Ontario asked that
the members of the conference pay half of
1 per cent of tneir salaries to the fund.
vV. 8. Mathews, editor of the California
Christian Advocate, made an eloquent ap
peal for the support of his paper.
Rev. John Thompson, the coast agent
for the American Bible Society, followed
with a request for help for his depart
ment. The conference then went into ex
ecutive session.
One year ago Lincoln H. Caswell and
James R. Ross, students in the University
of Southern California, were admitted as
members of the confeience on trial and
were allowed to continue with their
■todies.
The rule has been that applicants have
to wait two years on trial before being ad
mitted as deacons, and two years more
before being made elders. The gentlemen
completed the two years' course of study
in one year, and they asked that they be
allowed credit for the time so gained.
The conference refused to admit them,
but Caswell and George "W. Miller had
been examined for four years' work by the
local deacons and ordained as deacons,
Caswell having made a general average of
95 per cent. On this showing the confer
ence decided to allow them in the confer
ence under the local rule.
The others who are to be ordained to
morrow as deacons are John Nicholson,
W. 8. Green and W. L. Hiller, who will be
ordained in full connection.
The missionary society occupied the
afternoon session with its conference pro
gramme.
After singing, L. M. Hartley read the
scripture lesson and prayer was offered by
Mrs. M. Hilbish. A duet was sung by
Miss Flora Ballinger and C. A. Smith,
after which E. N. Caswell, the correspond
ing secretary, made her report.
Two Chinese women, Mrs. Chang 8ui
Sine and Mrs. Chung Kara, sang some
hymns. Mr?. 0. F. Brown read a paper,
and Miss Winifred Spauldinpr, superin
tendent of the Deaconesses' Home, deliv
ered an eloquent and able address. Miss
C. Q. Day told ot frontier work.
This evening was the time fixed for the
semi-centennial sermon which, according
to the rule of rotation, fell to the lot of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
Rev. William Stevenson of Santa Monica.
The address was full of reminiscences of
early Methodism in several States, and
was well delivered.
Mr. Stevenson, who is 72 years of age,
has seen fifty years of active service in the
work. He was born in Philadelphia in
1824, and resided for some yearn npon a
f«rm, the family removing to Indiana.
He then entered the ministry.
He received his right to enter the con
ference in Indiana in 1846 and waa given
the New Lebanon circuit as his first
charge. He remained in this capacity for
a year and then was transferred to a post
at Spencer, Indiana, where he remained
for two years.
Sines then he has been transferred to all
parts of the country, having in all had
charge of twonty-four different churches.
He passed thirty years in Illinois, seven
in Kansas, four in Indiana and nine in
this State, five of which were spent in
Monrovia ana the remaining four at Santa
Monica, his present charge.
SCHRA.DER EXPOSED.
The So- Called Jtirinr Sealer Declared.
to He a Humbug.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 26.— The so
called healer claiming the name of Schra
der, who made his advent into Lou Angeles
a few days ago, haa been exposed by the
local press as a very cheap imitation of a
fraud and humbug.
It seems that this follow is traveling on
the reputation made by the famous
Schiatter, whose operations in Denver at
tractea widespread attention about a year
ago. Schiatter was known to have wan
dered away from Denver and the last
newspaper accounts of him left him in Ari
zona or New Mexico.
When Schrader reached this city he, with
a great flourish, announced himself from
Albuquerque, N. Mex.
The present healer by laying-on o!
hands aftects the solemn and serious vis
age, long hair and pensive look, and while
he "charges nothing for his aervices" he
never fails to remind his intended victims
that a "donation' is acceptable.
SHASTA'S GOLD COUNTED.
County Treasurer Jackson's Shortage
Found to Exceed Twenty-Six Thou
sand Dollars.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 26.— There ia an
angry lot of bondsmen in Redding to
night. In fact, there has been an angry
lot eyer since it was first rumored that
County Treasurer Jackson was short in
his accounts. To-night the |bondsmen
know ezaclty what the defaulting Treas
erer has appropriated to bis own use.
This morning four of the principal
bondsme n — Henry Clineschmidt, Thomas
MacdouK aid, H. N. Wilkinson and E. A
Reid— together with expert Hare. District
Attorney Rose and Deputy Treasurer
B nsh, opened the yaultsof the Treasurer's
office and for the first time since the fact
of the shortage leaked out was the money
handled.
Last night the expert finished his labors
and his report showed there should be in
the treasury $48,094 19.
To-day the money was counted, and the
actual amount in the vaults was $21,515 10.
When this result was known there was a
general outburst of profanity and indigna
tion on the part of the bondsmen. The
count showed a deficiency of $26,569 09.
Deducting from this $4784 35, the amount
Jackson replaced yesterday, the treasury
is short just $21,787 47.
The money on hand is now in safekeep
ing with the newly appointed deputy
treasurer and locked in the vaults of the
Bank of Shasta County. Jackson will
handle no more county funds. The bonds
men are now of the opinion that they will
be compelled to go down into their pockets
and make good the deficiency. No word
has been received from the defaulting
Treasurer's brother, who, it was expected,
would make good the shortage, and it is
presumed that he will let the law take its
course.
Next Monday the Board of Supervisors
will meet, and it is supposed it will insti
tute proceedings against JackBon. Jack
son's defalcation has caused considerable
uneasiness among other office-holders of
this county, who expect their bondsmen
to withdraw.
In fact one or two have already suffered
in that respect. One of the bondsmen
who is a victim of Jackson's betrayal of
confidence has already withdrawn from
the bonds of three officials, and more are
likely to follow. The universal expression
is, "If we couldn't trust 'Bill' Jackson
whom can we trust?"
The Supervisors will appoint Jackson's
successor next Monday.
PETAI.VMA.Xa ENTERTAINED.
Second Social Oiren by the Laditt of the
Improvement Club.
PETALDMA, Cal., Bept. 27.— In fur
therance of their plans for beautifying
the city the progressive and energetic
ladies of the Improvement Club last even
ing gave the second entertainment of the
series planned to raise the necessary funds
for the good work in hand.
The affair consisted of dramatic and
musical numbers, and booths of every de
scription were arranged to entice the de
sired com into the club's treasury. As all
Petalumans are interested in the cause,
the event proved a most successful one
and reflected most creditably on the busi
ness management of the members.
Sha*ta County Mine to Close.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Uncle
Sam mine, the property of the Sierra
Buttes Company, located about five miles
from Keunet and twenty miles north of
Redding, i.i about to shut down. -
Nearly all the men have now been dis
THE EMPORIUM.
§|^eo5^^^^i £ 1.4%^. IZ^J ltrC-fl U /'^^I^^^S^'
A Mighty Bargain Carnival in Winter Goods this week.
The markets of the world have contributed all that is new-
est and best to our wonderful Fall stocks, and right buying
and modern merchandising methods enable us to sell
goods cheaper than any other house in the West
Women's Outer Garments. j
It is the great as- _^
sortment of Jackets, jBMI
Capes and Dresses
that makes the Fall \^b>
showing most attrac- dra>__r
tive. It's the little j@3&m$j!«mjk
prices that cause the \&^0mSS^Wi
rapid selling. This \Mf§fffiS*£S»y
style of Jacket in jig '■' ,,\ tgzMf j
seven different quali- ftlF?^!
ties of Black All- Wool F[i $jm g£
Boucle and Kersey xlBRFglffiv
Cloth. Newsleeve and \* **'■*
back and high rolling
scalloped collar. The most rapid selling
of our new line of Jackets. The prices
for the different qualities are $14.05,
Si 2.45, $9.95. $7-45, $6.45, *a qq
$6.00 and Cpt-.zJ;?
Finest Highly Finished Kersey Jackets
in the new Green shade (Imperial Rus-
sian), braided front and cuffs, scalloped
collar inlaid with velvet, very beautifu 1
garments these. Our Spe- jfc 1-7 as
cial Price $■ / .40 \
jS^l. Another shipment of
mwflk our splendid Black
f$Mi<wfa<t F'?ured Mohair Skirts,
IWMWrWw&u Perfectly cut, good
1 WMS: Wtfiftki Another shipment of j
our splendid Black;
y. Figured Mohair Skirts, 1
-j£, perfectly cut, good !
it&L value for and sold by !
1 '-MfMiWlili other stores at $4.
(mm\%w/'//Xi, Our price for this lot '
JMmWMww will be $3 25
•3? v^J.^J
Cloak and Swt Department, second floor,
Market-street front:
1 Warmer Underwear For Men.
Half a dozen lines /ST"~7>v
of reliab I e, well- I \f v*>v
made Underwear, > p^^l///\.
mentioned below, f~^lf~ ('/ / >
I medium and heavy | V /[/
weights. Equal I \ / 1/
qualities cannot be I A '/ . Mr
had elsewhere for I ted f ™
anything like these 1 pi
prices: ' III
) Men's Heavy Nat- 1 I A
ural Wool Shirts II VI
and Drawers, all 0 Hi
sizes, well made, •
per garment % _ , » -.^
65c.
Men's Heavy Natural Wool Shirts and
Drawers, form fitting, well made, just
enough cotton to prevent shrink- 7 m _
age, full line of sizes, per garment ■
, Fine Australian Lamb's Wool Shirts
and Drawers, sizes to 46. Even at
the low prices we endeavor to maintain
they should be $1.25 a garment, but we
have marked them per gar- <t»| if?
ment vj)l«l3
1 Very Heavy-weight Winter Australian
( Lamb's Wool Shirts and Drawers, in
i natural wool, camel's hair, vicuna, mode
and white colors. Our Special &t m f»
Price per garment vJ)l»tO
Wright's Health Underwear, Heavy
Natural Wool and Camel's Hair Shirts
and Drawers, wool fleece lined. c*t as
j Our Special Price per garment *J)I»t3
v(h
1 The famous Stuggart Underwear for
men 10 per cent below the regular prices.
We are the first to cut the prices on this
standard line.
Men's Furnishing Department, main aisle,
first floor.
Men's Fall Derbys $2.00.
Thousands of men in this city are wear-
in? the "EMPORIUM DERBY." It is
beyond question the best $2.00 Hat that
can be made. All the new Fall blocks
just the same as in $5.00 Hats, and ac-
tual $3.50 value in appearance and
wearing qualities. Black and <£'■) i\f\
the new shades of brown..— vD^J.vfU
Men's "Fedoras" in black, brown and
nutria, the quality that exclusive hat-
ters charge $2.50 for, good silk trim-
mings and the proper shape. <r»g r*s
EMPORIUM Special Price... $1.35
Free for The "Twentieth Cen-
tl o Aclm/, tury" is a handsome
I ne ASKing. little weekly paper con-
taining Short Stories, Book News, Mu-
sical Notes, Advance Information About
the Fashions, and much other interest-
ing matter — FREE to any address regu-
larly for the asking. Send name and
address to "The Advertising Bureau,"
THE EMPORIUM.
Please mention this paper.
charged, and next Thursday the last
stamp will be dropped. The pay ore has
entirely "petered," to use a miners' ex
pression, and there seems to be no pros
pects of its showing up again.
The Uncle Sam has been one of Shasta's
greatest gold producers, and the company
has cleared, above all expenses, in the last
five years over half a million dollars. Tne
closing down will be a hard blow to Shasta
County.
ROMANCE OF THE DALLES.
Costly Experience of a Rich Bachelor Who
Patronized a Matrimonial
Agency.
THE DALLES, Ob., Sept. 26.— James
Lander, a wealthy bachelor living near
this city, has just paid for a costly experi
ence with a young woman through a mat
rimonial agency at Portland.
Lander wanted a wife. He advertised
for his ideal and the young lady, who an
swered as Miss Charlotte Wintin from San
Francisco, filled the bill exactly.
She wrote that she would go to Portland
on a long visit to relatives, and if every
thing was satisfactory upon their meeting
she would not return to the Bay City.
Miss Wintin went to Portland. Lander
THE EMPORIUM.
NEXT WEDNESDAY SOLOIST NIGHT— CONCERT BEGINS AT 8 O'CLOCK.
Enticing Bargains in Black and Colored Dress
Goods, Velvets, Silks, Blankets and Comforts.
DreSS GoodS Printed descriptions |
n~~~~*~ can S' ve you no ade- ]
Bargain qua te idea of the
Carnival. nove j weaves, marvelous
coloring and exclusive
styles of OUR superb Fall and Winter
Dress Fabric stocks, and until you see
and feel of the goods themselves you j
cannot appreciate how truly little these
prices are.
Colored Dress Goods.
46-inch Melange Cheviot Checks —
inch Redfern two-tone — 46-inch
Moharane — new shade with black
overshot pattern all marked at the
very reasonable price, per **■ |\/\
I 40-inch Boucle two-tone checks— 46-inch
j Mohair Boucle— all in the newest color-
i ings, with black overshot— very latest
! novelties— EMPORIUM Special q/\_
! Price, per yard "vt
44-inch Silk Mixed — 44-inch
j Overshot Moharane— 46-inch Prunelle
I Suiting— Goods that should be marked
$1.00 at patterns exclusive with
us— colorings the very latest — at -rs^
the EMPORIUM Special Price of 7 5C
Black Dress Goods.
Five hundred feet of shelving devoted
i exclusively to the sale of Black Dress 1
Goods — more kinds than are shown by
any other two houses in the West, and
only the productions of the leading fac-
tories of Europe and America. MOURN-
ING FABRICS a specialty.
46-inch Wool Epengaline — regular value i
everywhere $1.15 a yard— -yo^,
PORIUM Special Price 7oC
52-inch Worsted Serge— stylish and
durable fabric for every-day wear— regu-
lar value 75c a yard— EMPO- co«
RIUM Special price... OOC
39-inch Crepon Silk — very dressy
—beautiful lasting — regular value
everywhere $1.00 a yard — EM- is
PORIUM Special Price 73C
Velvets as Never Before.
Fine Silk Velvets— 19 inches wide— in
j all the newest shades— also black— the
kind sold elsewhere for $1.25 a yard.
EMPORIUM n ~^ _'j oc-.
New Prices....... 7«*C and O5C
Black and Colored Silk Velvet— the
I ultra-fashionable shades and colorings —
qualities sold elsewhere at $1.50 a yard.
EMPORIUM New Price *t qq
Elegant Lyons Silk Velvet— black or
colored — 19 inches wide— in all the new-
est shades— regular $1.75 * and $1.85 a
yard qualities. EMPORIUM New Price
$1.20 and $1.25
The celebrated Burt & Packard Shoes —
hand-welt soles — cork filled in French
calf or English grain leather — the
latest styles of toes. These are the new
Fall and Winter weight of shoes from
all of the best factories in the £ 5- rw A
world 3>D.\JV
Ladies' Fine French Enamel and Box
Calf Lace Shoes — hand-welt — the
new "tailor-made" style (low cut like a
mans')— the shoe for wet <£ erj A A
weather. ..: ..' yo.\)\J
Men's Fine Calf Shoes— welted soles —
kangaroo tops — lace or congress—
five styles of toes to select from— Razor,
New Opera, Coin, Grecian £-3 /*/■*
and French 4>O,\J\J
urged her to come to The Dalles, which
she did, arriving here on Friday a week
ago.
Mrs. Lander- to- be was delighted. So
was Lander, for she was a beauty and The
Dalles was upset by her presence. She
staid at a hotel for a week and every day
he toot her out driving.
She contracted bills at a half-dozen es
tablishments in Lander's name, and to
show how excellent were her tastes one
millinery establishment had a claim for
$65. The dashing lady was apparently
getting ready for her wedding.
On Friday'morning at 4:30 o'clock the
alleged Miss Wintin boarded the Portland
train. She did not say anything about
her hotel bill and she has not been seen
since.
Her other bills have all come in. They
foot up just a round $600. In addition
there is a $200 diamond ring as a present
and some $200 cash, with which Lander
intended hia bride should buy her trous
seau.
Fusion Effected in Missouri-
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 26.— A fusion has
been effected by which the Democrats will
have thirteen and the Populists four of
the Presidential electors, with one elector
at large for each party.
About 100,000 tons of fish are yearly sold
by the salesmen at Jtilliugsgate market.
THE EMPORIUM.
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 27, 1896.
LADIES' Fine Vici Kid Shoes, $3.50. Ladies' Solid
Gold Watches $20.00. Special Sales Dress Goods and
Silks. MEN'S Wool Underwear 75c. Men's Wool Over-
coats $6.50. Men's Fine Derby Hats $2.00. A Bargain
Carnival in Furs.
September We are Prepared with
CZlir C-i Fall and Winter Novel-
OIIK oaie. ties in Silks and Vel-
vets as no other house in the West is
prepared. Such assortments of exclu-
sive patterns were never shown here
before. These few prices but partly tell
the story of Silk economy.
20-inch Fancy Figured Silks — chameleon
effect— thirty new colorings — regular $1
a yard quality. EMPORIUM r C/ ,
New Price OOC
21-inch Fancy Figured Armure Silk —
chameleon effect — new designs and
shadings — regular $1.10 a vard "ro.
quality. EMPORIUM New Price * &C
24-inch Jacquard Figured Gros Grain—
the new metallic effect — designs exclu-
sive with US— shown here for the first
time — would be considered good value
at $1.35 a yard. EMPORIUM £1 m
New Price vjM.IU
Winter The wise woman is now
pi art k_ + _ purchasing her Winter
Blankets. Blankets at the EMPO-
RIUM. She considers not alone the
color and design of their borders, but
she thinks of the weight, the length
and the breadth of the winter covering.
These three specials are California-
made Blankets — big enough to tuck in
all around :
100 pairs of White Blankets, 75 per cent
wool, 74x80 inches— worth at lowest
estimate $3. 25 a pair. Spe- <h'-> fa
cial EMPORIUM Price C&^-OU
A Great Special Blanket — white — all
wool — sizes 66x80 inches, and really an
extra value for $5.50. To feel the
( Blanket pulse of the community we
! mark it at the very special tf -5 ft c
I rjrice of VO
White All-Wool Jacquard Border Blan-
kets — both warp and filling all wool —
size 72x84 inches— regular retail value
anywhere $9.00. OUR Spe- &/: cA
cial Price 4>O.OU
Comfort Three items here of inter-
Qnorlalc est to everv housekeeper
specials, jn San Francisco. We
have seen comforts that could be sold
as low as 75c, but they were not worth
having. These can be depended upon.
Full-sized Comforts, covered with stout
Silkoline, filled with clean white cotton
regular retail worth $2.00. £ t '
Our Special Price 4> 1 .5°
Silkoline-covered Comforts, 72x80
inches, filled with clean white cotton,
soft and warm ; the coverings in very
handsome and desirable patterns, regu-
lar value $2.50. We make c) _ _
the Special Price this week... W.OO
French Sateen Covered Comforts, filled
with medicated white cotton, size 72X
80 inches, would be good value for
$3.50. Our Special Price this <£'} *j~-
week .; $*> JO
FALL STYLES
FOR FEET.
By far the largest assort-
ment of Shoes in San Fran-
cisco. Peerless in style,
quality and low prices. Here
are six very Special Bargains
for Men, Women and Children.
Ladies' Fine Vid Kid Lace or Button
Boots, cloth or kid welted soles
and these four styles of toes — Coin,
Narrow Yale, Grecian and £ 1 j- A
Tokio.....;....... :..... VO.Di)
Misses' Extra Fine Vici Kid Shoes —
patent leather — cloth or kid tops —
lace or button— large variety of shapes
to choose from $? Oft
Misses' Finest Kangaroo Calf Shoes —
medium heavy soles — for school wear,
with patent leather or calf <£ 1 m gj
tips .. Z>l./D
(Same for Children at $1.35).
GROWER'S Celebrated Ladies'
Shoes for TENDER FEET in full as-
sortment of sizes. -
LETTEE-CARRIERS DINE.
Superintendent Frank P. Breed, Sta
tion K, Is the Guest of Honor.
Frank P. Breed, superintendent of
Station K Post office, was tendered a ban
quet in the Goodfellows* Grotto last night
by the carriers in his station who have
been transferred to Station B. Besides the
guest of the evening there were several
others, among them General Superintend
ent Meares. George W. Yost was the
chairman.
After partaking of the good things ■pro
vided Chairman Yost called upon Wil
liam Daniell, who presented Mr. Breed
with a handsomely engrossed and framed
set of ' resolutions, which spoke of
the high esteem in which he was held
by the carriers, of their regret
at the separation and concluding with the
wish that "his life may always be one of
happines« and prosperity." The resolu
tions were signed by all the carriers,
twenty in number.
Mr. Breed responded feelingly, and
could scarcely control his emotion. He
was ' cheered again and again on con
cluding. / • . -
; Several speeches were made and songs
were sung and • the merry company did
not separate till a late hour.
■ I I- • ♦ • — . :.-.
Father Yorke'g Next hectare.
"The Growth of the Upaa Tree; or tie
THE EMPORIUM.
Opening We're ready now. The
Sale Fur season fairly starts to-
Garments. ™ B> in^
Fur Business. Best skins bought when
prices were lowest— made up by most
skillful fitters and workmen and marked
in conformity with other EMPORIUM
LOW — will undoubtedly give us
the prestige in the Fur Garment trade.
Fur Cape Special.
Black French Coney Circular Cape-
silk lined — beautifully finished- 1^
inches long — 140-inch sweep Cii^y k/\
Baltic Seal Cape— satin lining-
full circular 135-inch sweep
Electric Seal JACK- gu
ETS— like picture — Jwtf
mandolin sleeves — ram em
box umbrella
— reveres — lat- Jl2k
est style storm collar jjS3sfifi»ig3&t
— elegant brocaded £j [3s
silk lining. The fur '^^^^^^^S'
I in this jacket barely '^^^^j^^p'
distinguishable from ScMP^
genuine Alaska seal- / W$$p!p?£; .
skin and almost as el§v\&
durable. Special EM- -«~*>*^
PORIUM price «;CA
We remodel Sealskin and other Fur
Garments into the latest styles at
"bedrock" prices. AH work guaran-
teed.
Fur "Department, second floor, (Market-
street front. -\ ■■_}■■''-
PICTURE AND FRAME
DEPARTMENT.
2 Big 5? m f f, c ; o
Specials. simile £ q
Specials. Water
Colors — charming jj
subjects 14x28 inch- .. jj jj
es--handsomely fram- //" ■ ~jl
; ed in 3-inch white and //- »
gold-only 50 of them, Jj ff tl
remember. Will be // //
sold at... $1.42 n If I
100 Oak Easels, like L " ■ " , IL "
picture— -5 feet high. lrW^~^5=~»> r '
On sale this week at \ -^^|f
—98c Each I jj^jp
Artists' House IeSSS^
Materials. D°ec 0 - W* 351 "* 515^
I rative Paints and Var- H Jr^.
nishes 25c per can ft}}
Studies . for Oil, jjr^
Water Colors and If
China Painting in (J
large variety at 1/
LOWEST prices.
Free Art Gallery and Jlrt Department,
second floor Market-street front.
CROCKERY SPECIALS.
This Dinner Set - $5.40
Brown border, with blue flower and
fine enameled decorations, as in picture
—all first quality and pretty shapes.
We have only 60 of these sets— better
come quickly.
Set for 6 persons, complete $5.40
Set for 12 persons, complete $9.30
NAPOLEON Dessert Plates— Scenes
from the different battles of Napoleon
on each plate in Holland blue. Special
18c Each
Crockery Department, second floor, west.
A. P. A.," the fifth lecture of the course under
tne general title of "Current Controversy," will
be delivered by Rev. Peter C. Yorke on next
Monday evening at Metropolitan Hall under
the auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League. John F. Barrett will preside.
• — ♦ ♦
"I. Too, Can Perform 'Hamlet.'"
Signor Gustav Salvini, the son of tha
celebrated Italian tragedian, is now in Na
ples for a short theatrical season. Ha
spoke to a visitor of his great admiration
for Sir Henry Irving, with whom he be
came acquainted when a boy while stay
ing with his father in London. He says
that Tommaso Sal vi.ii at that time was
much excited on first seeing the English
tragedian perform "Hamlet," and when
he appeared on the stage the great Italian
actor expressed a fear that he conld never
rival him. But as the play proceeded Sal
vini murmured a few criticisms to him
self, and when the curtain fell he turned
to his son and said "After all. I, too, can
perform 'Hamlet.' "—London Daily News.
* * *
■Paris proposes to put an end to the com
plaint that a policeman can never be found
by establishing seventy police kiosks in
different parts of the city. A policeman
will be always on duty there, who will
communicate with the nearest station by
telephone, and at night will have another
policeman with him to send oat at once in
case of need.
56
barnes at
san jose
Republicans of Santa Clara
County Addressed by
the General.
BIG DEMONSTRATION AT
SANTA ROSA.
Speeches Delivered by Senator
Perkins and W. R. Davis
ot Oakland.
EUREKA VOTERS LISTEN TO A
DEBATE.
W. W. Foote and Editor Thompson
the Principals— Rallies and
Conventions.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Repub
licans of Santa Clara County held another
big demonstration in this city this even
ing. General W. H. L. Barnes spoke to
an immense crowd, which completely
tilled the Auditorium, and his eloquent
speech was frequently interrupted by ap
plause. Every mention of the namo of
the Republican standard-bearer, William
McKiniey, was wildly cheered. The meet
ing was presided over by Hon. H. V.
Morehouse, candidate for State Senator.
After a campaign song and an encore by
the Republican Glee Ciub, the sp alter of
the evening was introduced by Prescient
Morehouse, who referred to General
Barnes as a man who had rallied to the
support of the Union in 1SW), and was
again in the ranks in '.'6. The speech of
General Barnes was In part as follows:
"My attention has been called to an ar
ticle in the Herald of this city, saying that
1 am advocating something I do not be
lieve in. The editor quoted a letter I bad
written to the Sacramento Bee in re
sponse to an inquiry as to what I thought
the National tarties would do. 1 an
swered that I did not believe either of the
great parti- would satisfy the advocates
of silver. I said that I believed there
would be a third man named upon a sil
ver platform. The Herald says I am a
false prophet and 1 deny it.
The Democratic party, where Is It? Was It
that collection of wild animals that met at
Chicaeo? Are Attgeid, Tillman and Bland the
Democratic party '.' Do they represent what
has always been called the conservative party?
No. The Bryan aggregation is a combination
of Populistic iltiiwli gy mid Democratic Idiocy.
By the tine we set through this campaign,
like a pair of mules tied tall to tail they will
kick each other to death.
Til. speaker then turned his attention to
the speech of Senator White in this city
two wee* ago.
\ My distinguished friend told you that the
only issue presented by the Democrats was the
liver issue. What does he think of the plan
of the stiver Democrats and Populists to recon
struct the highest couri in the land whenever
it censes to pander to their propositions and
prejudice* What does Stephen M. White
lawyer, good citizen and United States Sen*
tor—think of denying the power of the Federal
Government to repress lawlessness.
My friend referred to the tariff; he read
figures he had received from Senator Faulk
ner, chairman of the Democratic Co <gre?6ional
Campaign Committee. 10 tie effect tuat the re
ceipts for the year end; June SO, 1894, under
the M KinU-y bill, were £297,7-22,019 21, and
from January 1, 1895, to ia.h- ember 31. 1895,
under the WUsou bill, were $383,039,619 15.
lie then aiked if there was: any one who
warned the McKiuley bill again. In 1894,
while (he MeK.ui.ey bill was lull in operation,
it was known mat some fre*-trnde bi:l would
be in force alter January 1, 1695. Every for
eign manufacturer therefore roiraiue I from
shipping tcoods to the United States while the
Mckinley bill remained in effect, and nat
urally tin- revenue for 1894 was small.
The $;>S:i.OOO,000 of receipt* shown by the
Wii-on bill is not a cause tor rejoicing. Two
thirds oi that sum was received for the im
portation ol goods which, under the McKluley
bill, would have been produced In the United
States. Thai sum represents thousands of fac
tories closed, a million of men and worn n
thrown out of work and a loss of 000,000,
000 in wages. That sum is a badge of the
slavery of American industries and a tomb
stone over those murdered by the Wilson bill.
The last tour yenrs has cost tho American peo
ple a billion dollars more than lour years of
.v.l war.
Do we want the McKinley bill? Yes.'lSen
ator White, we do, and we will not only get the
McKiiiit-v bill, but we are gulag to have Bill
McKi;
1 have often wondered how any man work
ing with his hands could be in favor of free
trade in (he United States. The Wilson bill
has injured every industry in our country, but
th« spindles of England are busy malting
coods for the American trade. The wool in
dustry us been a great sufferer. In 1892 the
Democrats said, "Vote for trover Cleveland
nnd pet 28 cents a pound for wooL" Many of
the cheei -raisers took their advice and to-day
their wool is selling for 5$j cents. The Impor
tations of woolen rood- under the Wilson bill
for 1895 were i?10.000,000 in excess of the last
year of the McKinley bill. Lumber was put on
the free list, and to-day our market* are
flooded with cheap lumber from Canada, the
product of Chinese -abor. 'ihe Wilson bill has
depreciated the value of every orchard in this
State.
We need a system that will protect the Amer
ican producer and laborer, and that will come
•with the election of William McKinley.
SAJtTJ. ROSA'S RIO 3XJfJTTJ^G
Speeches Had a by Senator Parkin* and
t:x-M»yor liar it.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 28.—Repub
licans from far and near attended the
>;reat rally in this city to-night, and seldom
lias such enthusiasm been seen. Crowds
of people thronged the principal streets
and huge bonfires of pine Joes blazed on
all sides. The roar of cannon and anvils
sounded like minute guns. The Santa
Rosa band played patriotic selection? on
the streets before the meeting commenced.
The scene (a the Atnenseum, where the
speakins toot place, was an animated
one. It is estimated that over 1600 people
were present. The large stage was cayiy
decorated with flowers and flags, "Old
Glory" being predominant everywhere.
Stretched across the front of the audito
rium was an immense banner, with the
word "Protection" on it.
The rally was under the auspices of the
Kinley Club. Major 0. Fountain, an
old-time Republican, called the meeting
to order and invited a number of promi
nent gentlemen to act as vice-presidents
of the meeting. Then the band struck up
"Three Cheers lor the Rea, White and
Blue," which seemed to arouse every
loyal sentiment In the breasts of those
present, for they cheered and eheered
again.
After another selection — this time the
"Star-spangled Banner" — Major Fountain
introduced Hon. E. W. Davis as chairman
of tne meeting. Mr. Davis welcomed
those present and made a short speech,
and then called on Senator George C. Per
kins to address the meeting.
Senator Perkins met with an overwhelm
ing reception and had to wait some time
for the applause to subside.
He spoke in an easy, winnine manner,
and bis bold remarks fell on willing ears.
Ha said he was glad to see the large num
ber of ladies present. XUa Republican:
party had said that it would give tho
ladies more rights, and the Republican
party would see that they got them. [Ap
pIausc]
He felt sure that if the ladies would
study the records of the other party'! ad
ministration they would all t>« Repub
licans. Amid general applause he showed
how the country had prospered under the
Harrison administration; how the farm
ers' crops brought good prices and there
was work for every man at good wages
and a large amount of tho National debt
had been paid off in those prosperous
years.
The Senator then contrasted tho Harri
son administration and that of Cleveland.
Speaking of tho tariff question, he said
they were going to talk about a tariff that
would raise enough money to pay the
costs of the maintenance of the Govern
ment, and that the Republican party be
lieved in raising money by imposing tariff
for the protection of our American indus
try and labor.
After scoring the Gorman-Wilson bill
and touching on the silver question, Mr.
Perkins concluded his npee h with an elo
quent tribute to \Villiani McKinley.
After ilio applause which followed Sen
ator Perkins' address had ceased, ex-
Mavor W. R. Davis of Oakland was intro
duced and made a splendid speech.
After speaking of the "newly invented
candidate," W. J. Bryan, and criticising
his actions In Congress Mr. Davis In a
concise manner, dealt with the silver
question, his eloquent handling of the
subject calling fortu frequent outbursts of
applause.
ruoatpnox rs. foote.
Voter* of Eurrka Listen lo a Itebate on
J-i miner.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. 26.— The debate
to-night between W. W. Foote of San
Francisco and J. F. Thompson, editor of
the Daily Standard, on the financial ques
tion, brought out one of the largest crowds
ever in attendance here at a political
meeting. Each side was bound that the
bulk of the applause should go to its re
spective champion, and such a din re
sulted that it was impossible at times to
hear the arguments.
The question of debate was: "Resolved,
that the principle set forth in the finan
cial plank. of the Democratic platform as
adopted at Chicago in July, 1896, would
not be conducive to the best interests of
the country at large."
Thompson took the affirmative and
Foote the negative. The debate was
brought about by remarks made by Thomp
sen at a recent meeting of the McKiniey
Cluo, in which tic denned his position on
the money issue. Foote was in town and
dropped into the meeting, carefully noting
what Thompssn had said. The next even
ing Foote spoke in the silver cause, and
devoted a good part of his time in attempt
ing to refute what the advocate had
said. The results were unsatisfactory to
both sides, so a public discussion was
agreed upon.
Thompson opened his address by con
trasting the financial plank in the Demo
cratic platform of lSi»2 with that oi 1896.
As Foote was a delegate to both conven
tions and had a hand in forming both
platforms, be accused the silver champion
of inconsistency.
Foo did not seem in the best of
humor, for he "sailed into" his antagonist
with vehemence. He hurled back Thomp
son's charge of inconsistency and a-ked
the defender of the gold cause to recon
cile his position when as a Democrat he
had attacked the principles he was now
espousing. After many severe personal
remarks the idol of the silverites con
tented himself with reading selections
from the articles written by M. M. Kstee,
W. H. L. Barnes and Irving M. Scott
before the meeting of the Republican con
vention and contrasting em with the
statements made by the same gentlemen
after that convention bad assembled.
At the conclusion of Foote's remarks
150 silverites rose and left the hall.
Thompson closed the discussion and de
voted uis time to refuting what his ad
versary had said. Both sides claim the
palm of victory.
IS THE IJlHiTT-XISTIL
Republican* at Aetrjiorf Ttraeh Xante T.
J Jours for Senator.
SANTA ANA. Cal., Sept. 26. — The
Thirty-ninth Senatorial District Repub
lican Convention to-day nominated T. J.
Jones of Garden Grove, Orange County,
for State Senator after a stubborn strug
gle. Two other candidates were in the
tield — Richard Melrose of Anaheim and
K. W. Freeman of South Riverside. The
principal fight was between Melrose and
Jones, and it required six ballots and two
conferences to effect a choice.
The convention was held at Newport
Beach, this county, and consisted of thirty
delegates — thirteen from San Bernardino
County, nine from Riverside and eight
from Orange.
S. W. Richardson of Sau Bernardino
was selected temporary chairman and S.
M. Craddock secretary. For permanent
organization E. P. Clark of Riverside was
chosen chairman and S. M. Craddock
secretary.
The resolutions adopted indorse the
National ticket; adhere to tie doctrine*
and policies enunciated by the St. Louis
platform; invite all patriotic citizens to
unite in support of protection to Ameri
can industries and in uphold the Na
tional credit by the financial policy recog
nized throughout the greatest nations of
the world; indorse Hon. George C. Per
kins and pledge the nominee to vote for
his re-election to the United Stales Senate;
indorse Hon. W. W. Bowers for Congress,
also the Nicaragua canal project and
woman suffrage.
T. J. Jones, the nominee for Senator, is
a farmer and one of the best-informed
men in Southern California. He is an
o.u-Iine Republican, and particularly
strong on the tariff. Being a beet-sugar
raider himself, i, is expected he will have
great Influence with others engaged in
that industry. His nomination is received
with much satisfaction among the Repub
licans of Orange County.
TUUESIIEK A AM El* AT BTOCKTOX.
I nanimously Sotninnted for State Sena
tor 6y *(in Joaquin Jiepnb{iean*.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept 26.— The Re
publican County Convention, for the
nomination of a State Senator, Assembly
men, Judges and Supervisors, was held
to-day in Masonic Hall. The chief inter
est centered in the fight for the Superior
jndgeshlp, as an effort was made to defeat
Judge Ansel Smith, who is on the bench
at present. His opponents were E. l.
Jones, the Assemblyman from this dis
trict, and Frank H. Smith, the present
City Attorney.
The American Protective Association
took an active hand In this tight in the in
terest of Frank H. Smith, and its efforts
were successful, and Jones securing
the nominations.
There was but one nominee 1 for the office
of State Senator— M. B. Tnresher, (or years
the leader oi the Republicans in this citv
— and de received the unanimous vote oi
the convention. Captain R. 8. Johnson
was the only candidate for Assemblyman
from the Tw.-nty-uttta District. In tne
Twenty-sixth District there was a contest
between J. D. Huffman and Charles \V.
Austin, the tail-named winning.
The platform adopted Indorsed the Na
tional platform and also indorsed Grove
L. Johnson, urging his return to Congress
from th;s district. It recommended the
re-election of Geor«« C. Perkins to the
Uniten States Senate, but did not instruct
nominees to vote for him. Tbis was urged
in the committee on resolutions and piat
forru, but was defeated. A vigorous pro
test was placed in the p.atform against
foreign immigration, and the policy of
protection to American labor and indus
tries was supported. The convention was
onsof the most harmonious iu the history
of the county.
Carlson at Jiakertfleld.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 26.— The
people of Bakersneld turned out in fuil
force to-night to bear Mayor Carlson of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
8an Diego, the independent candidate for
Congress. He spoke enthusiastically in
favor of protection to fruit-growers" and
more money for workin^meu by means of
public work. Hie audience became quite
interested in Carlson's financial pianlr,
which proposes that $.500,000,000 be paid
by the Government to American working
men for ifie erection of a Government
building in every county seat of the Na
tion where the Government is now paying
rent.
REPUBLICANS Or UTAH.
They Fait to Indorte Mcfi inlrw and Sotnl-
nntf a ttilrer Man lor Congrem.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 26.— The straight
McKinley wing of the Utah Republicans
met In the Grand Opera-bouse at Ogden
at 11 o'clock to-day. The result was to
tally a surprise to the McKinley people,
as the silver forces had a majority of the
delegates and refused to indorse McKinley
and nominated a free-silver man, Hoi
brook, for Congress. This wing has the
State machine in its control and is led by
Senator Brown and National Committee
man Ropers, who took Senator Cannon's
seat at the Republican convention at tit.
Louis when Cannon bolted.
At 12 o'clock i he convention adjourned
until 2 p. m., in order that a row which
started in the Salt Lake delegation might
l>e smoothed over. At 2:30 the conven
tion was called to order, and permanent
organization reported with Senator Brown
as chairman. Charles Crane, a prominent
sheepman was chairman of the commit
tee on resolutions, and a majority and
minority report were presented. Numer
ous amendments and substitutes were
offered, and the fight finally narrowed
down to the question whether or not to in
dorse McKinley. The vote was the firBt
test of relative strength. The entire reso
lutions were laid on the table by a vote of
332 to 108.
Nominations for Congressman were next
in order, and the name of Lafayette Hoi
brook (the nominee of the silver wing at
Salt Lake Thursday) was the first placed
before the convention. A delegite asked
if Holbrook would vote the Republican
ticket, and was told by Chairman Brown
that discussions of how a man would vote
were not in order.
John E. Booth of Provo was nominated
by Charles Crane. Then Booth got the
floor and began speaking, was called to
order, and tne chairman asked him if he
was making a nominating speech. He
said he was, "for myself."
He sat down amid jeers from Bryan
men. These were the only nominations
and the vote was called for. The scene
was one of pandemonium, and there were
numerous canes and fists displayed and
the the delegates came near mixing in a
ireo-for-all fi.hu
Rogers led the MoKinley contingent and
was very aggressive, but t e vote resulted
in a final victory for the silver men by the
nomination ot Holbrook. The vote was:
Holbrook 240, Booth 232. The crowd im
mediately began to get out and the con
vention adjourned sine die.
DEMOCRATS *T SAIfTA CRVZ.
Fution With Popullata on the County
Tieke! < ompleted.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Sept 26.— The
Democratic County Convention assembled
here this morning. E.I White of Watson
ville, brother of United States Senator
White, was elected chairman and A. J.
Irvine of Happy Valley secretary. The
readin of the report from the committee
on platform created great enthusiasm.
It demanded free and unlimited coinage
of silver without waiting for the consent
or co-operation of any other nation on
earth; pieiged fealtv to the principles
enunciated by W. J. Bryan; indorsed the
action of the State Central Committee on
fusion with the People's par;y and a
joint electoral ticket; denounced the
alleged corrupt tactics of Mark Hanna
and the bankers and corporations behind
him; urged strenuous opposition to the
funding Dill; demanded foreclosure; de
nounced bosses and bossism as typified in
the Republican party of to-day; urged
more liberal appropriations for public ea
ucation; advocated reduced county taxa
tion and a cut in county orticiais' salaries.
The following nominations for Super
visor were made: Branciforie District,
William Baird ; Soqnel, U. W. Thompson,
and the following nominees ot the People's
party were indorsed: L. F. Smith for Su
perior Judge, Frank Bmitb for Assembly
man and tfrnd Merrill for Supervisor in
San Lorenzo District.
RIVALS OF SAXTA AS a
Senator White Talks and It Answered
by Major Kyle.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Sept. 26.— Hon.
Stephen If. White addressed a larre out
door meeting here this afternoon. Forty
members of the Ladies' Bryan Silver Club
marched in a body to the meeting. Plank
seats to accommodate 1900 were provided,
but they were more than filled at all
time* during the address, which was de
voted principally to the money ques'ion.
MHJor C. W. Kyle spoke at Franeh'i
Opera-house, the largest hall in the city,
to-night, for Republican principles and in
answer .o Senator White. Tbe'larjre audi
torium was rilled and 200 people teuteii on
the stage. Mr. Kyle stated that the emi
nent Senator carefully refrained from ex
plaining how free coinage was going to put
idle people at work, and illustrated forci
bly the folly of attempting to disregard
the commercial ratio of gold and biiver by
lepal enactment.
He said that White, in showing how
Germany. France and Great Britain had
adopted the gold had given the
true reason for the fall in the price of sil
ver; it had tone on t of demand and was
consequently lowered in pxice. Until the I
same forces which had caused it to fall
would unite in an endeavor to restore tt •
it would be worse than folly for the United
States to attempt the gizantic task un
aided.
TVOLU3IXE Rt:vvni,iCAXs.
Aom<>ifi,'»f>7i, lndor*ement$ and lirtolu-
HMM <i» County Convention.
SONORA, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Repub
lican County Convention met here to-day
and renominated Thomas A. Hender for
Supervisor for District No. 1 and ratified
the nomination of C. C. Ortega, made at
the recent District Convention at Coulter
ville for Assemblyman for the Fifty
eighth District. Jud.-e C. W. Nicol, uom
inee for Superior Judge on the Democratic
ticket, was unanimously indorsed. The
following resolutions wer« unanimously
adopted:
Resolved. That the Republicans of Tuolumne
County, assembled by their representatives in
county convention, indorse the platform o( the
National Republican Convention.
That we renew our obligations to the Repub
lican policy of protection to American indus
try ana labor. »nd bel eve that the election of
William McKinley to ih« Presidency of the
Doited States is the only political course at
this time that win restore prosperity to tbis
country and relieve the Government of iti
present financial difficulties, brought about by
Democratic ineflicteacy ana its free-trade
policy.
That we approve of the acts of our Conf ress
mati. Grove L. Johnson, and heartily indorse
his candidacy for re-election.
aiARcmsG CLUBS iy KKRX.
Torchlight Parade Followed fry an Open-
Air <i ithrrinq.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept- 26.— Hon.
Wilfred M. Peck of Riverside delivered a
rousing speech in Kern this evening to a
large open-air assembly. His convincing
and eloquent periods in behalf of protec
tion, prosperity and sound money were
enthusiastically received by his bearers.
He was wildiy cheered from start to finish.
The meeting wai under the auspices of
the McKinley Club of Kern, one of the
most wideawake Republican ciubs in tne
State.
The Bakersneld McKinley Club, in re
sponse to an invitation from the Kern
Club, marched over and helped to swell the
throng. About eighty members were in
line, all carrying torches and headed by a
drum corps. They were met at the limits
of the city by about an equal number of
the Kern CluD, bearing torches and headed
by a drum corps. When they met the
yells and shouts were deafening. Both
.clubs then fell in and marched into town
and around the speaker's stand.
M1XKU POLITICS IX IDAHO.
Republican* Repay Treachery on the
Part of : Popull*ts,
BOISE, Idaho, Sept. 27.— The recon
vened Republican State Convention met
at Boise City to-day. The object in re
calling the convention was to take some
action regarding Populist candidates who
were put on the Republican ticket with
the understanding that there was a fusion
between the silver Republicans, the Popu
lists and the silver Democrats, but after
the nominations were made the Populists
commenced and maintained a bitter gat
against the silver Republicans in every
county in the State.
The reconvened convention took off the
ticket the names of James Gunn (Pop.) tor
Congress and George J. Lewis (Pop.)
for Secretary of State. All Democrats,
including Stounenberg, nominee of both
Democrats and Populists for Governor,
were left on the ticket, with the exception
of J. A. Lippincott tor Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, who had resigned. In place of
those removed W. £. Borah (R. ) was nomi
nated for Congress, Charles E. DuransjfD.)
for Secretary of State and E. B. True
(D.) for Lieutenant-Governcr. •
The convention issued an address charg
ing the Populists, by their refusal to sup
port Dubois, witn the responsibility of tne
changed conditions. It is now thought by
many that the Populists will name a com
plete new State ticket, with Bryan and j
Watson electors, which may result in the
McKinley electors carrying the State.
Leading Democrats, however, say the
Populists will not put up a new ticket, as
the Democrats have given them assur
ances that they did not intend to support
Dubois as per instructions of the Demo*
cratic National Committee, but would
give their hearty support to the Populist
caucus nominee for the United States
Senate.
3IOXTEJIEJ GUESTS McLA.CBI.Ali.
Rousing TtentanMtration Participated in
bif Hundreds of Republican*.
MONTEREY, Cat,., Sept. To-night's
was the greatest Republican rally ever
seen in this city, and one of the largest
ever held in Monterey County. It was
under the auspices of the McKinley and
Hobart Clubs of Monterey and Pacific
Grove. Farmers from Carmel Valley and
other small towns down the coast arrived
early to witness the torchlight procession
and hear the speech by Congressman
Jam s McLachlan of Pasadena.
Bugby's Opera-bouse on Alvarado street
was packed to-nieht and scores of people
had to return home, being unable to get
into the large hall. The Monterey brass
band played several selections to open the
rally. Ttie rostrum was decorated with
evergreens and cut flowers, and the speak
ers' stand was dtaped with a large Ameri
can flag. When the principal speaker en
tered the hall the cheering was deafening.
The enthusiasm continued all through the
meeting and on the slightest cause for ap
plause the Republicans that ihron.ed the
opera-hou*e gave vent to their feelings
until they were hoarse.
The m. eting was opened by the chair
man, Captain Tt.oraas G. Lambert. After
reviewing many issues uf the campaign,
Captuin Litmbert in very flattering terms
introduced the speaker of the evening.
He spoke of Mr. McLachlan as the next
Congressman from this district, ft was
fully fire minutes before the representa
tive could be heard. Men stamped their
feet and shouted, while the ladies were
content in the waving ot their handker
chiefs and clapping their hands.
McLachlan spoke of tne funding bill
and dwelt at iength on the Nicaragua
Canal. One of the main points set forth
in his argument was that the Republican
party was the best friend silver has. His
speech c nsuraed about an hour and a half.
Several others spoke for a few minutes
each on the issues of the present cam
paign. One of the most eloquent was
Hon. Edward BerwicK of Pacific Grove.
BALIS AH COS rtiMTIOA.
RtpubUeam of Montrrfy County Select
Iheir < andldiitrt.
SALINA8, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Repub
lican convention of Monterey County met
In Salinas to-day. Hon. J. R. Uebbron
was elected chaiiman of the convent. on,
J. G. Joy secretary and W. W. James as
sistant secretary, if any one tad the idea
that the Republicans of Monterey County
were apathnic. that delusion was certainly
dispelled by this convention. N ver in
the history of the county was a conven
tion so enthusiastic.
The platform of the National Republi
can Convention was indorsed and the fol
lowing ticket was nominated: For Su
perior Juag«, Hon. N. A. Dorn, the
incumbent; for Assemblyman, Hon. \V.
G. Ilmleon, incumbent: for Supervisors —
First District. Charles F. Langley; Fourth
District, C. H. Mansfield; Fifth Diitrict,
I. J. Field, incumbent and chairman of
the board.
A new County Central Committee was
chosen, witli twenty-one members, ami it
was organized with the election of Hon.
J. R. Hebbron as chaitman; J. G. Joy,
secretary, and G. A. Daugherty, treasurer.
•
irASjajyaxoy GOLD DEMOCRATS.
Candidate.* for I'midenHril Electors
-> 11 tnnl at Tacoma.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. 26.— The State
convention of the gold Democrats was
called to order by Slate Committeeman T.
H. Allen of Oijmpia. Fifty-two delegates,
representing seven counties out of tnirty
tive in the State, were present. Thomas
B. Hardin, the Seattle attorney, was
called to preside as temporary chairman.
The temporary organization wai later
made permanent.
The platform indorses the Infllanaoolis
platform and candidates; declares for a
tariff for revenue only and against a de
basement of currency; for a gold stan
dard; for the calling in of greenbacks;
against tampering with the judiciary; ap
plauds the Cleveland administration and
declares against tne Chicago and State
fusion conventions. The question of
nominating candidates for Congress pro
voked much discussion. It was finally de
cided not to do so, as none desired to
accept the empty honor. Four electors
were nominated and a State Central Com
mittee selected. A resolution condemn
ing the support of Bryan by Federal office
holders of the State was taDled.
LIPPITT TALKS AT CHJCO.
Why He denounced Allegiance to the
Democratic Party.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 26.— largest po
litical gathering of the year assembled at
Armory Hall last evening to hear Hon.
E. S. Lippitt discuss the issues of the day.
Tne McKinley ana Hobart Club had made
extensive preparations for the evening,
ana long before the meeting was called to
order the hall was crowded. B. Col
lins, president of the meeting, introduced
Mr. Lippitt, who' was greeted with cheer
after cheer.
Mr. Lifput, who formerly was a Demo
crat, stated his ■ reasons for the change.
He said that he left tue Democratic party,
or that the party left him, because his
love for his country was stronger than his
love for a party that did not protect the
interest of America and American institu
tions.
PLIST JS MEXOM1SATED.
ChoBtn by Thirty-Third District Republi
***** to Succeed JBitnself.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept 26.— The Repub
lican Senatorial convention of the Thirty
third District, comprising San Benito and
Monterey counties, met here to-day to
nominate a candidate for State Senator.
A full delegation was present from both
counties. The convention organized with
the election of J. A. Treacony of Monterey
County for chairman and H. W. Scott of
Ji We advanced $42,000 on merchandise in storage to par- £
ties intendingto open business here, but who were disappointed *|
& in getting a location. Hard times and the stagnation in business jr
4? prevented them from selling or realizing on it. They told us to <
* take the stock for our advances. There is $80,000 worth of Fall *
T merchandise that you can have a picnic with. We will sell goods
cheaper than any house in this city can or will. Look down our
center aisles for Bargains. Look on the counters, and on the
i* shelves upstairs and down you will find them overflowing with *f-
•6" bargains— your good luck, another's misfortune. They seem to Jh
I* have outstretched arms, beckoning to you to come close to tell J
T you to take advantage of a good thing when you see it. WILL T
YOU COME? WE GUESS "YES." If you don't you'll be sorry. |.
£ Dress Goods and Silks. 1 Cloaks and Suits. AI1 through this house we'll
*• We expect to surprise you here if there T . . make the 50c piece go as far as .^
f is an v chance left to perform wonders in It's going to be the worst sea- $1 did formerly. II there is any *
X. pricemaking son for the retailer that has ever $1 did formerly. If there is any A
•^ l voiuo«.wig. been known or heard tell of. ....... t3r
15c for Silk Mixtures. We're going to unload before life or trade in this city we'll dL
~£? 2-c for 40-inch Black Novelties. i we've fairly commenced. We'll .. .. . ,. •. "^T
35c for Fancy Fall Dress Fabrics. get from out and under before have it. If we don t get your
45c for French Bourett» Boucles. the bricks commence to fly. If hMI.« Mnn*1-i« »'c h^raiis* ,,«..
4* 50c for Silk and Wool Bourette Boucles. you want to buy a JacKet, Cape, dollars Monday It S Decause you &
», 50: for Camels' Hair Zibelines. Plush, Cloth or Fur Garment, haven't crot them Nobodv ran if
<f? 50c for 46-inch Black Novelties. see ours. You'll never get any naven x ot ™ em - «»Doay can *£,
A 50c for 50-incn Black and Blue Serges. , further, for oar prices won't let resist the prices Of SUCh mer- *£*.
*? 50c for Silk Fancy Dress Novelties. you. Look out for the land-slide 2*_
J& 65c for Black Crepons worth $125. in prices of new Fall goods. Chandise. . C X 3
c^v j 75c for Black and Fancy Novelties worth ____ — 4^»
4* 75c f or°Black and Navy Cheviots, 50-inch. $8.50 Heavy Tan All-Wool Ker- J9 C £f °™j^ r S^ 11 *' 64 " " 2*
£, $1.00 for Black and Colored Novelties, sev Jackets $5.00 50c Silk Side Elastics . 25c
"¥?■ 50-inch. $10 Black Boucle Jackets. .$5.00 35c Silk Ready-made Garters 25c
J& 50c for Black Silks with colored stripes. $12.50 Silk-lined Black Boucle 25c Fancy Dress Buttons, dozen 10c gL.
t 50c for Changeable Brocade Silks. Jackets $7.50 50c Silk Tassels, per dozen 12c 12
•^■r 59c for Changeable Fall Noveltv Silks. $10 Beaded Plush Capes $5.00 5c Veil Pins per dozen . .. 2c "^
* '\ ! r^s s zt I Sr?. T ffi"^. f20F °": c " I " 8 30 . inc .' 1 .".!& ***"$*'»?*• **..$%£: ™? ♦
i. for quality are dirt cheap. We simply in- $20 Fur Capes, 20 inches long 10c Feather Stick 5c -^
♦? vite inspection. There id a big loss to the $10.00 25c Hand-painted Mirrors 10c ~k
«|* man who grew the wool or silk, to the $4 Black Figured Skirts $2.50 $7 5u Taffeta Silk Shirt Waists $5.00 ■£?►
t man who wove them into fabrics, to the $25 Latest Silk Skirts $15.00 20c Unbreakable Combs 10c £
«£f man who bought them, and now to the 75c Pocketbooks 25c *T
*, man who sells them, You alone (con- _,. x , . _ -, , „-„ j*,
sumer) make on the investment. It's a M51IS«^^r 5? Jeckwear, Men a c^
4k good thing. Take it in. iYllIlinery. 25c Neckwear, Men's 15c^»
<& " 25c Men's Suspenders *..10c
"^ Flannels — Downstairs. Trimmed Hats $5, $7.50, $10. $i.26-inch umbrellas 50c
4* German Eiderdown Flannels 16%c Untrimmed hats and Ma- Jet Trimmings 5c, 10c, 15c, 20c
fc 10c Remnants of Tennis Flannels.... 6Wo t^rinic inworthan «nvhnHv Valenciennes Laces, per dozen 15c 2
<^ 10c Fancy Dress Ginghams, new styles U^c ieriai * 'owerman anyDoay. No . 40 Changeable Taffeta Ribbon8 . 15c -^
•^ 15c 86-inch New Fall Percales 10c We will give you $2 worth for 5 0c Ladies' Hose, all kinds 15c if
& 15c 86-inch Yellow-Ground Percales.. S^c $1 in Millinery. This is going 75° Black Silk Stockinea 35c *
Jgi 50x36 Pillowca-es. ready to use 12^c to be a season of low prices with <oc ia cs bilk stockings doc \+
fc^ yOxlK) Hem Sheets, ready to use.. 45c all the style of former swell S5c Fancy Black Hose 16%c 75"
•4* l-'J^c Gra-ie Dotted Swiss.. 8>£c prices. We are going to sell the 25c Children's Black Hose 12>^c $L.
t 20 20x40 Linen Huck Towels 12>^c masses their Hats. Millinery 35c Ladies' Vests 15c
*g£ 50c Bleached Table Linen for. 30c sold on a goods store profit 3.5c Ladies' Band Bows 18c "^*
JK $1.00 Table Cloths, size 50x50 50c —1 for one. Come an.i see for L o R , apb T) nrtpr VpiHn"*" """"""•• g>
75c 4-4 Chenille Table Covers 25c yourself. See our prices and our 25; lftC !L^? p •• o g %
4i 75c White Crochet Quilt, full size 5"c styles— if you want a hat you'll 50c Bar White Castile Soap 2oc ■+
£\ $2 50 White Cotron Comforters $1.50 buy it at "The Maze." It's $1 Ladies' Silk Vests 50c ;j
DOWNSTAIRS more money saved to quantity this season— the Half $1 75 Swiss Imported Ladies' Vests... $1.00 4«^
«" the square inch than to the foot in any Dollar will go as far now as $1.00 . ■ J5
Tg? other Frisco store. did in previous years. 1 1OOO OTHER LIKE ITEMS.
«|* -^®VO^®^- ■
T MARKET AND TAYLOR STS. ' T
San Benito County as secretary. Hon.
Thomas Flint Jr., the incumbent, and
president pro t?m. of the State Senate,
was nominated by acclamation.
BAST A CHVZ f O \ YEXTIO V.
Ttrenty-Mnth District Republican* Somi-
nate I>. H. Trout for Senator.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Sept. 26.— The
Joint Republican Senatorial Convention of
Santa Cruz and San Mateo Counties, rep
resenting the Twenty-ninth Senatorial
District, met in Odd Fellows' Hall this
evening, with Alex Gordon of San Mateo
as chairman and R. H. Jury, San Mateo,
secretay.
C.R. Spllvalo of San Mateo placed Willis
Guy "Witter, late Assistant United States
District Attorney, before the convention,
declaring that San Mateo demanded as its
right the nominee this year, in accord
ance with pled.es given at the convention
at San Mateo four years ago.
W. R. Porter of Loma Prieta nominated
D. H. Trout of Boulder Creek, and denied
that he or any other deleeate four years
ago made any* pledge to San Mateo. W.
H. Galbraith, president of the MrKinley-
Hobart Club of Santa Cruz, pleaded earn
estly for harmony. His speech moved the
convention to a realization of the needs of
the moment
Mr. Splivalo of San Mateo claimed that
Mr. Galbraith could not make promises
for Santa Cruz, and t at the pledges of
Sunta Cruz were of no avail — it was a boss
ridden county. Galbraith indignantly de
nied tlie cbarjre ana the entire Santa Cruz
delegation stood at his back.
Alter a bitter struggle a vote was de
manded. At this tirao the convention
asked the candidates to appear before
them. "When Witter's name was called he
stepped to the center of the convention
floor and said the whole thing was "cut
and dried" for Santa Cruz County, and
he refused at such a late hour to speak.
A vote was then taken and Trout received
the nomination.
The nominee was instructed to vote for
Senator Perkins.
BAX LV1S ORIUPO TICKET.
Captain 31 a cum Harlot the Republican
Choice for Atnemblymerx.
BAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal.. Sept. 26.— The
Republicans met in county convention at
Maenuerchor Hall to-day with an attend
ance of seventy-six out of eighty-five del
egates. Cnarles D. Fowler of Cambria
was selected for temporary chairman and
V. M. Trace of San Miguel secretary.
V. A. Gregg of this city, the incumbent,
received the nomination for Superior
Judge over G. F. Witter Jr. of Paso Robles.
Captain Marcus Hartoe of Arroyo Grande
was nominated for the Assembly, defeat
ing Dr. J. H. Glass of Paso Robles, the in
cumbent.
hirrr*idf I'utionists in Error.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Sept. 26.— The
Democratic- Populist fusion party of this
county discovered to-day that its can
didate for the Assembly, D. E. Myers of
Moreno, was not eligible, and as a result
his name has been taken down. Myers is
disqualified under the section of the con
stitution which provides that Assembiy
meii must be resideuts of the county at
least three years before election. A meet
ing of the Central Committee of the party
was hurriedly called to rectify tlie mis
take 01 the convention, but it was barren
of results, A tne man whom it was pro
posed to name for the vacancy positively
declined to accept the place. Another
meeting will be held Tuesday, when an
effort will be made to find a candidate.
TUcKinley'a Yeomen at Famdentt.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 26.— Another
rousing McKinley meeting was held at
the Wigwam this erenine. The principal
speakers were Judge Louis Gottsch&lk and
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.^
S. M. HaskelL Judge M. C. Hester pre
sided. Music was supplied by the Glee
Club. One hundred and hfty members oi
the Americus Club to-day went to Monro
via to assist at a Republican rally there.
They were in full uniform.
Caasin Chosen ,t Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 26.— The joint
Democratic Senatorial convention of San
Maieo and Santa Cruz counties met this
evening in the Paritic Ocean House with
twenty - five delegates present. Frank
Mahan of San Mateo was elected chair
man and James O. Wanzer of Santa Cruz
secretary. Senator Bart Burke, not being
a delegate, received permission of the con
vention ana in a rousing speech nomi
nated Charles M. Ciissin of Santa Cruz,
and he was nominated by acclamation.
Mr. Cassin addressed the convention and
was followed by Lieutenant - Governor
Jeter and with the appointment of Lieu
lenant-Governor Jeter. Thomas B»ck. F.
Cunningham, W. B. Casey ana M. Russell
as a committee the convention adjourned.
Deuprey at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., Sept. 26. — The
Bryan and Sewall Silver Ciub held a mass
meeting to-night in Armory Hall. Eugene
Deuprey of San Francisco spoKe. Hon.
R. H. Beamer presided at the meeting
and introduced Mary Robertson Squire, a
Popuiist, who made a few remarks in favor
of free silver and the Government owner
ship of railroads. Denprey wa? given a
hearty reception when he began his
speech, and waa frequently interrupted by
applause.
Fun ion Rally at Snlinna.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Demo
crats and Populists held an enthusiastic
meeting here to-night. M. L. Dexter,
chairman of the Popuiist Central Com
mittee, introduced Hon. Thomas Harris,
ihe Democratic Mayor of Balinas, as chair
man of the meeting. Hon. C. A. Barlow,
the fusion candidate for Congress in the
Sixth District, and E. E. Cothran of San
Jose were the speakers of the evening.
Will Jtalln mi Sauialito.\
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 26. — Next
Tuesday night a grand Republican rally"
will be held here under the auspices of
the local McKinley and Hobart Club. A
special train will be run from San Rafael.
Among the speakers will be Congreesman
J. A. Barham. General Dickinson and
Colonel J. L. Roberts. There will be bon
fires and the Sausaiito band will play.
San Benito Democrats.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Sept. 26. — The
Democratic convention tc-day nominated
M. T. Uooling for Superior Judge; C. F.
Rubell for Assemblyman; R. E. Snore, A.
T. Garner ami j>. R. Canrield for Supervi
sors. A committee was appointed to ar
range fortusion with the Populists on the
nomination for joint Senator.
raeheco at Sa *** rt Margarita
PAN LUIS OBISPO, Cat., Sept. 26.-
Ex-Governor Pacheco spoke to a lars«
assemblage at Santa Margarita this even
ing. A number of people attended from
San Luis Ooispo, taking w.th them the
First Artilierv band.
SuieUte at Urdxrood City.
REDWOOD CiTY, Cau. Sept. 26-
Charles B. Brtckett, M years of age, and
a native of Maine, committed suicide this
evening by shooting himself through the
brain. Bracken was a woodsman by
occupation and bore I good reputatiou in
San Mateo County, when he was well
known.
The caves under the edge of Bostall
V.ood are popularly belle voct to have b4n
tne hidiug-piac^ of the notorious high.
wayman,l)lcl: Turpln. •
SAN JOSE'S QUEER LAW
The "Move On" Ordinance Tested
in ICourt and Found
Wanting.
Was Designed to Prevent Political
Discussions on the City's
Streets.
8AN JOSE, Cal., B«pt, 26.— The "move
on" ordinance, which makes it a mis
demeanor for two or more citizens to stand
on the streets and discuss politics, is just
now causing citizens and policemen a
great deal of trouble
This forenoon Officer Evans an-ested J.
Q. A. Ballau, a prominent farmer, and A.
E. Van Dalsem, a contractor, for obstruct
ing the sidewalk and refusing to move on
when requested to do so. They were taken
to the police station, but no charge was
placed against them.
This afternoon Attorney Nicholas Bow
den and D. B. Moody were standing in
front of the First National Bank, discuss
ing some business, when they were re
quested to move on. This Mr. Bowden
refused to do, claiming that as he was at
torney for the bank he had a right to
stand there.
He was arrested at his own request for
the purpose of making a test case of the
matter. He was taken beforo Justice Gass
and arraigned on the charge. He pleaded
not guilty, was sriven an immediate trial
and wa» acquitted.
Tin AX. HELD TOB, IBIAL.
Thm Alleged Cattle Thief Unable to Pro
vide Itrnrxt Bail.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 26.— The exami
nation of Francisco Vidal and George
Slankard on a charge of stealing thirty
two head of cattle from W. E. Bradford of
Evergreen last December was complete!
before Justice Dwyer to-day. •
Vidal was held to answer in the Bo
perior Court. Bail was fixed at $10,000 in
default of which he went to jail. Slankard
was discharged. The cases against D
Cano, S. Vidal and Willam Head who
were also arrested on suspicion of beinr
implicated in the theft, were dismissed
yesterday afternoon.
Brother Hmnebfru Dead
SA>» JOSE, Ca!., Sept. 2&- Broth*-:
James Hennebery of Santa Clara College
died yesterday morning of paralysis. The
decease t had been a brother'in the Jesuit
order for thirty-one years, having entered
a novitiate in the Rocky Mountains in
1»>5. About twelve years ago he "*as
transferred to tbe California Mission, and
for the last seven years he had been -Ra
tioned at Santa Clara College. He w«3 a
native of Ireland, aged 56 years. Hi* fun
era! took place this morning fron St.
Claire's Church.
Rrdteood Citv Child Kitted
REDWOOD CITY. Cau, Sept. 10.-
George l>emartini. aged 10 year*, the
youngest son of Paul Demartini, while
crossing the railroad track this zoning,
was run over by a passenger train and
Kiueu.
ri.«rtH,> Suttwct A.-nuiV.
VISA 1.1 A. Cvu, Sept. 2&— "tt'e, the
jury, find the defendant. Charter Ardell,
not guilty, a M. Coo. fo»m*n."
That was the verdict rendered by the
twclvo men chos«n to try th* partner of
the convicted train-rob&er'Si Lov«rn. .BUND AY SEPTEMBER 27, 1886
AMUSEMENTS.
CotmrBiA Tbkateb— "In Spite of All."
Batt>tttk Thisatkb.— "The Prisoner of Zends*
Monday, October 5.
~Kosto«coti v. j mA-lloFBK— - Mr. Potter of
Texas."
livor.i Op*RA-Horf«ic.— "Aid*.
Obfh hum— H! -Class Vande villa.
A i ca? ah Thkatkk.— " Divorce."
mo Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcncoT tup. CuuTB»-DaUy »* Uai^c street,
t». tlock east oi the Park.
Bab kb all— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
; t>oi_DK?j Gate Park— Gate Park Band.
Mechanics' iKSTiTtJTB Iavilioh- Twenty-
Wnth Industrial Exposition, to-morrow.
AUCTION t-ALtS.
By P. j. Babth.— Monday. September 2k Bicy-
cle Snndriea, etc., at 1610 Market st., at 11 o'clock.
By Easton A Kldridge.— September
Real Estate, at salesroom, «3H Market street, at
1 a o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The weather forecast lor today ii "lair and
Warm."
The Cascade Gold Mining Company vai yes
terday incorporated.
Zenia Roese yesterday sued the German Hot
pital for $5000 damages.
Four distinguished Episcopalian Bishop*
have arrived in this City.
, J£ e Board of Health tore down a building at
10 Brooklyn piace yesterday.
The Supreme Court has granted a new trial
In the case of Kellogg vs. King and others.
A dog-poisoner is abroad in the Mission, and
has already killed ten valuable hunting ani
mals.
Pastor Birch will inaugurate a new unde
nominational church at Metropolitan Temple
to-night.
The interclass field day of the Lowell High
School took place vesterday at the Olympic
Club grounds.
Treasury Agent Moore is investigating cer
tain alleged crookedness on the part of In
spector John T. Foley.
The important news comes from Delaware
that a sinRie-tax party has been born and
christened in that State.
The threatened stoppage of City employes'
salaries by Auditor Broderick is causing ex
citement at the City Hall.
Thirty names were drawn from the Grand
Jury box yesterday. The citizens will report
to Judge Slack on Thursday next.
The only whaleback sailing-ship in port is
discharging her cargo of coal at the Pacific
. Mail dock. Seafaring men say she 1b not a
success.
. The Republican County Convention ended
Its labors last night and put up a ticket that
will meet with the support of the citizens
•generally. , •• . :-.
Three ot the crew of the sealing schooner
Fortuna are supposed to have been lost at sea.
They were out hunting ana never returned to
the vessel.
Orders have been received from Washington
: postponing until the latter part of October
the departure of the two light batteries of the
Filth Artillery.
Frank P. Breed, superintendent of Station
K Pas-tofll :e, was the guest of honor at a ban
quet and presentation in the Good Fellows'
Urolto last night.
St. Mary's College defeated the Santa Rosa
High School football team yesterday at Cen
tral Park, in the first match of the season, the
score being 10 to 4.
Major-General Kelson A. Miles, commanding
the United States army, arrived in San Fran
cisco yesterdey and immediately visited the
fortifications at Lime Point. l'"-
Sii.-s Anthony, Miss Shaw and Mrs. Kate Tnp
per-Oalpin have made appointments to lecture
on woman suffrage in various parts of the
State during the ensuing week.
Yesterday was premium baby day at the fair
and seueral hundred wee native sons and
daughters competed for prizes. Fifteen tots
of both sexes came out winners.
■ The controversy over the fee of Attorney J.
H. Campbell was yesterday settled tempo
rarily. The matter will be argued when the
executor's final account is filed.
Governor Budd and staff will attend the
Home Product Exposition at the Pavilion
next Friday evening. A banquet will be given
in their honor by the management.
The Builders' Exchange is trying to show the
Board of Education that it should advertise
lor plans for the new Mission High School in
stead of having them drawn by its own archi
tect.
Mrs. Katie Bnrbanks, 30 Pleasant street,
slapped the face of F. F. Foster, a neighbor,
three times Friday night, and yesterday Fos
ter swore to a complaint charging her with
battery. ■'.. -
Chief Maddox of Fort Worth, Tex., arrived
- here yesterday to take back W. Brown, alias
W. J. Ash, alias A.W.Mann, who is waited
.there for forgery and obtaining goods by false
pretenses.
T. V. Cator and John W. Mitchell, of Los An
geles, spoke to a large audience at Metropoli
tan Hall last night on the issues of the cam
paign, confining their remarks mainly to the
silver question.
A signal victory of the German heirs to the
Lux estate was won yesterday by Attorney
J. H. Campbell consenting that the question of
whether or not he deserves $10,500 remain
in statu quo.
The barkentine Irmgard came Into port leak
ing. When examined yesterday it was found
that a •wordnsh had run its sword clean
through ner hulL The vessel will have to
dock for repairs.
The case of Dr. Robert MacBeth, charged
■ . with the murder of Mrs. Farrell, 20 Henry
street, by means of a criminal operation, was
dismissed by Judge Conlan yesterday for lack
' of sufficient evidence.
■' Ths State executive committee of the Social
ist Labor party has issued a challenge to M.
M. Estee or Irving M. Scott to debate with £.
T. Kingsiey as to whether the gold standard
would help the wage-earner.
The Valley road will be open for all kinds of
freight business between San Francisco and
■ Fresno to-morrow. The tariff of class rates of
the road was filed yesterday by Traffic Manager
■ Moss with the Railroad Commission.
Williams' attorney, George D. Collins, an
nounced that he will leave for Washington
Monday with a view of submitting his client's
claim to bail to the Supreme Court. He is
confident of success, but declines to canvass
the matter. He says, however, that "time will
. tell."
Deputy Fish and Game Inspector Mogan dis
i covered a lot of wild duck in the establishment
of Campodonico & Malcolm yesterday. Both
• the partners were arrested and charged with
having game in their possession out of season.
They put up $100 cash bail each aud were re
leased.
It is more than probable that the Federal
Grand Jury will on Tuesday next return an in
dictment against Lincoln Brodt of Cnico,
Butte County, charging him witn perjury in
■ the matter of certain timber grants. It is
probable that some sensational developments
will follow.
The Rev. D. F. Nugent has contracted for a
beautiful sanctuary window for St. Rose's
arch on Brannan street. The window Is the
largest of its kind on the Pacific Coast and will
■ be made bv local artists and workmen. It is
the first really large stained-glass window to
. be made here.
Judge Charles T. Manning, formerly a busi
ness man of Washington, lately at the bead of
• a coffee planting syndicate of Nicaragua, now
, stopping at the Palace, in an interview on the
• effect of a silver policy as he witnessed it in
Central America, says it is disastrous to the
poor and enriching to the rich exporters.
Chief Crowley received a letter yesterday
from Cripple Creek, Colo., asking for informa
• tion about Harry Fry, a boy 13 years of are,
wtio ran away from his home there and is be
lieved to have come to this City, where his
mother previously lived Harry got the toes
of one oi his feet cut off by a Hinght-street car
some months ago.
The public is earnestly invited to attend the
• union mass-meeting at the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
Streets this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock.
The addrcs- will be given by Miss Anna H.
it, aw Rev. George C. Adams will assist, and
m Sarah B. Cooper will also take part in the
service. The meeting will be free to botn
Indies and gentlemen.
several boys were raising a disturbance in
front of the grocery of Fred Channitz Fif
teenth and Capp streets, last night when Chan
' nil? advTsea tfiem to go away. They refused
Channitz got a riding wh.p and chased
them away. He struck Fred Raabe, one of the
bov^on tie he.d with th« whip. inflicting a
flesh' wound. Ch.iunitz was arrested on the
charce of battery and taken to the Seventeen th-
Etreei station. Ho was released on giving $100
cash baiL ■ » .
Only three native Indian chiefs are en
titled to salutes of twenty-on* puns each
on account of their rank, the Maharaja of
Baroda (Gaekwar). the Nizam of Hyaer
bad and the Maharaja of Mysore-
DROVE ITS SWORD
THROUGH THE HULL
A Swordfish Bores a Hole
Into the Irmgard's
Hold.
THE VESSEL LEAKED.
Men Had to Man the Pumps
Every Four Hours to Keep
Her Clear.
A "WHALE BACK SAILING-SHIP.
Seamen Say She Is Not a Success,
bat She Got Safely Into Port
With a Cargo.
The only wbaleback sailing ship that
has ever entered this port docked at the
Pacific Mail Company's wharf yesterday.
She is the English vessel Bermuda and
came here with coal from Nanaimo, 13. C,
for the steamship company. The Ber
muda is modern in every particular, but
the crew does not like her as well as other
vessels in which they have served. Their
quarters are below, and as there are no
deckhouses they get very little shelter
during a storm. There are no bulwarks
and the tons of water that break aboard
during a storm have very little effect and
the vessel is not strained in consequence.
The Bermuda would certainly not be a
pleasant ship to round the Horn in.
The ship is well appointed throughout
and Captain Kohn says she is a splendid
sea boat. Afterdischarging the coal cargo
the Beimuda will be loaded with wheat
for Europe.
Sailing vessels are gradually being
driven out of the wheat business by tramp
steamers. Quite a number of the latter
class have been here durine the past two
months and naving loaded are now on
their way to Europe again. To take their
pUces the Flintshire is on her way here
from Hongkong, the Strathness from
Kobe, the Kirkhill from Nagasaki, the
H. W. Jarsberg from Yoko ama, the
Wennington from Shanghai, the Glenesk
from Singapore and the City of Dublin
from Yokohama. Between them they
will take away nearly 30,000 tons of wheat.
The barkentine Irmgard was fully dis
charged yesterday and then the crew dis
covered why they had been compelled to
work at the pumps every four hours during
the trip from Honolulu in order to keepthe
vessel free from water. A swordfish had
attacked the vessel and driven its Bword
through five inches of planking and eight
inches of lining. About two inches of the
sword protruded from the outside of the
hull and an inch on the inside.
Captain Schmidt does not remember
when the swordfish attacked the barken
tine, but he does know that the Irmgard
began to leak when she was two days out
from Honolulu. An unusually heavy gale
that lasted twenty-four hours had been
encountered and when it subsided the
vessel was found to be leaking. It was
not a bad one, but with a sugar cargo it
meant trouble. In consequence the pumps
were used for about ten minutes every
four hours and the damage to the cargo
was very slight.
The aword imbedded in the Irmgard's
side is about two inches broad and a little
over an inch thick. It made a clean cut
and is driven so firmly into the vessel's
side that two or three planks w 11 have to
be removed before the damage can be re
paired. The pieces of wood with the
sword in them will probably be presented
to the park museum.
A private letter from Victoria, B. C,
recounts the probable loss of three sailors
from the schooner Fortuna. The boats
were out hunting, and as the weather was
clear and calm no danger was suspected.
Suddenly one of the boats disappeared,
and from that day to this has never been
heard from. The men in it were: E. Har
mon of San Francisco, Dan Clifton of Mel
bourne and Moses Andrews of Victoria,
B. C. The accident happened off the
Japan coast, but as the schooner was miles
off shore there was no chance of the men
being picked up.
The brig John D. Spreckels has had a
new bowsprit put in and is being thor
oughly overhauled. She will Degin load
ing for Mahukona on Monday and receive
quick dispatch. The Spreckels is the
champion vessel of the sugar fleet, and
Captain Christiansen is confident that he
will make a quick run to the islands on
this occasion.
The Tropic Bird docked at Howard No.
2 yesterday and will begin loading for
Tahiti to-morrow.
The Annie Johnson has been taken off
the smear route and will load for San Jose
cie Guatemala end the Alaska Packers'
Association's Pacific went to Oakland
Creek to lie up yesterday.
IN THE MISSION.
The Defense Union'* Choice for Super
visor and School lii
rect od,
The Mission Defense Union held its regu
lar meeting last evening, Judge Reynegom
presiding in the absence of President J. H.
Graay.
Upon motion of Mr. Kelly the union
chose Dr. Soper, Dr. Clinton and Mr. Hen
derson, members of the club, as candidates
for School Directors.
George Walcom moved that J. H. Grady.
the president of the Mission Defense
Union, be indorsed for Supervisor. The
motion was adopted.
James Phelan, the Democratic candidate
for M.-.yor, was indorsed by the union as a
recognition oi his services in the further
ance of the objects of the Mission improve
ment clubs.
GOLD NnHT AT MILLS.
A Debate on Finance That Resulted
Disastrously to the Brjranites.
Friday evening the Bryant Literary
Society at Mills College held a vigorous
debate upon the vital question of the
day, "Resolved that American free coin
age of s:lver at 16 to 1 would promote the
business prosperity of the country. '
Four disputants prevented carefully pre
pared papers, and then the dipcussion be
came general and warm. All stoiK argu
ments found ample ventilation, and the
silver States wore well represented by
their native daughters.
The final vote, after a proloneed debate,
showed the temper of he members. The
resolution was lost by a vote of four to
one, amid much applause.
The Bryant Literary iSociety received a
large accession of new members, and
promises practical results along the lines
of current thought.
Rehearing Is Desired.
In the United States District Court yesterday
Judge Morrow denied R. 8. Chandler a re
hearing; In his suit against the Willamette
Vnliey. The case is an old on.- aud the amount
of money involved is $25,000. It is probable
that Chandler will carry the case to the Su
preme Court
» ♦ •
Piled! Pilent Mao's Infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding-, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. McBoyle
& Co., druggists, 501 Washington street. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
The British Ship Bermuda Is the Only Vessel of Her Gass That Has Ever Come to San Francisco.
She Is Rigged as a Four-Masted Bark and Is of the Whaleback Variety. Shipping Men
Say That She Is Not a Success. The Vessel Is Now Discharging at the Mail Dock.
BURRHAM KILLED
ft SAVAGE CHIEF
The Mining Engineer Is
Well Known in Cali
fornia.
NOT A ROUGH COWBOY.
How the Matabele High Priest
Milimo Was Sent to
His Death.
MANY ARIZONA ADVENTURES.
A Former Intructor of the Hero of
the Matopo Hills Speaks in
His Praise.
In the war of the British against the
savage rebels of Matabeieland, South
F. R. BURNHAM, the California Mining Expert, Who Killed the
Matabele's Fanatical High Priest in South Africa.
Africa, F. R. Burnham of Pasadena, now
known in African war history as Burn
bam the American, has excited consider
able interest. The recent dispatches from
South Africa and Europe tell of the man's
thrilling adventures in fighting the sav
ages, and particularly of his having killed
Miiimo, the war god, or high priest, of the
Matabele, who was the cause of the na
tives' barbaric outlawry.
Burnham is well known In San Fran*
cisco, and his career abroad is watched
with keen interest by a boat of friends in
California and Arizona. One of bis most
intimate friends in this City 19 A. Van
der Nailleu Jr., from whose mining and
engineering school Burnham graduated
with the class of '93.
"Mr. Burnham has been placed in a
false position," said Mr. Van der Nuilltn
yesterday. -'All of the telegraphic re
ports mention him as a cowboy and scout
of the lower order. The fact is Mr. Burn
ham is an educated gentleman, who
has taken up mining engineering as a
means of making a living. He is not of
the long-haired Texas-cowboy order in
the least."
Mr. Van der Naillen recently received an
interesting account of the killing of the
Mfitiibelcj nigh priest by Burnham. The
British decided that so long as Miiirao
lived there would be no peace in Mata
beleland, and in order to .*uppre?s the
rebellion the English officers offered a re
ward for the rebel leader, dead or alive.
Burnham and a young Englishman
named Armstrong started out in search of
Milimo, who resided in a remarkable cave
in the Matopo bills. After rtiuch search
they found the old negro, who led th«?m
back into the cave, at tint same time
chanting and singing in order to give his
followers an opportunity to surround and
capture the two white adventurers. The
latter saw that they could not capture the
negro alive and get back with him, so
Burnham shot him.
Then followed a race for tbeir lives, for
the savages, hundreds in number, almost
cut off t;eir retrsat to their horses. It
was a wild ride, but the two escaped
amid a shower of bullets.
In speaking of Mr. Burnham his
former instructor said that the young
man is of & perfectly fearless disposition—
in fact doe* not know the meaning of the
word. He left this City two years ago for
South Africa, where he had been engaged
as a mining expert and civil engineer by
English mine-owners. He had done
much work in the same line in this State
and in Arizona. In the Territory Burn
ham had many adventures with the
Apache Indians, and on several occasions
he narrowly escaped with his life. His
services were always regarded as valuable
by the Arizona mine-owners, lor he would
pointoa country where no other mining
expert would risk his life. Burnham has
a family living in Pasadena.
HIS FACE SLAPPED.
Mrs. Katie Bnrltanks Inflicts Summary
Punishment Upon F. F. Foster,
a Bookkeeper.
F. F. Foster, bookkeeper for A. Schil
ling & Co., swore to a complaint in Judge
Joacbimsen's court yesterday charging
Mrs. Katie Burbanks with battery.
Foster and his wife live at 30 }^ Pleasant
street and Mrs. Burbanks in the lower flat,
which is No. 30. Mrs. Burbanka has three
furnished rooms rented to a family named
Stein. Foster and his wife are on terms
of intimacy with the Steins and used to
visit them frequently. On one of these
visits Foster made some disparaging re
marks about Mrs. Burbanks, and she told
the Steins inat she would not permit the
Fosters to euter her flat again.
Friday night Foster and his wife paid a
visit to the Steins. They had hardly got
seated when Mrs. Burbanks appeared and
ordered them out. Foster refused to go,
and Mrs. Burbanks slapped his face three
times and then left the room. Hence the
warrant.
Thieve* at the Fair.
George Miller and Harry Trost, boys, were
charged at the City Prison yesterday with
petty lnrcency. Thev were arrested in the
Mechanics" Pavilion Wednesday night by De
tectives Egna ana 8Uvey for stealing trifling
articles from booths at the fair.
' HE V TO-DAY.
' THE WESTERN UNION TELEGRAPfi COMPANY.
— INCORPORATED '■'"■■
21,000 OFFICES IN AMERICA. CABLE SERVICE TO ALL THE WORLD.
riiir „ r ■'■' TnA\<sMiT.q» n .i I.I VEILS — : r - T --' r -n r -■"-<.!-„■ in -,<*•' X which W« h^n aaented to t>r ,, nii/irniiifiinfiitaiiMfimi
4 ■* ■"•■•■'■'' 1 - •'' '""' V* 1 "* 1 ■ lt 'ly •'* i>-i»'alinfr»u«»wa)f<»tia.:li l«iih.-xenrtloir «iallonfnrcooi|«ir(-«m.iinj thrcomiwinr will not hold it/snfi liable for crro*»w«W*ra
1 ****" '., •' ',**'/» ' f *■ " rrl !''' t "'' 1 ttl«-iai;«i. N-jon.) "-T" --ir* of U)U« | ■-• ' there -1 -in my i-n in iThnrn Him liinn' mil in imi/jfi in writing «H>ti^iH Jm
U't'i.M ui- •*■.-■■• ii.- 1 1 ui!!. rli.> I '<iin|i.'iiiy fur iraiLstniiMMHi ' y f ■ • " X^ BT % - ""••
lite.*. • I i'EATKU H WMllli by rtv|U«t of s*nJer. uo the oondition* / W />*
m< • — ' THOS.JT. ECt<ERT. President and Ceneral Manager. / r / fj
"' ' "^ ~ ~" \\H A
RECEIVED at San Francisco. Cala. , \ / fa™**"* Tim*.
Sept. £6, 1896.
To Adelsdorf er & Brandenstein,
16 First St., San Francisco, Cal.
Your order given to our Mr. Arnold Pollak for four
hundred cases of the Half Million Club Cigar of mild and medium colors
received and will have our immediate attention. We shall spare no
effort to maintain the same quality as was the first shipment of the One
Hundred Thousand Half Million Club Cigars shipped to you the last
month. We congratulate ourselves on your good result up to this time.
Signed — H. C. NOLAN & CO.
Four million of one brand is the largest cigar order given for
many years. The HALF MILLION CLUB CIGAR is a name easily
remembered. 1O CENTS will tell you the quality. Next week
will publish the names of 52O dealers selling the mild high-
grade HALF MILLION CLUB Havana Cigar.
FRESNO SHIPPERS
ARE NOW FREE
Can Move All Kinds of
Freight Over the Val
ley Road.
THROUGH CLASS RATES.
Traffic Manager Moss Filed
Them With the Railroad
Commission.
ALL OLD KATES HEAVILY CUT.
Passenger Trains Will B? in Opera
tion Within the Next Four
teen Days.
Fresno (beginning to-morrow) will be in
the enjoyment of the advantages of a
competing railroad to all points north as
fur as San Francisco, and the people of
that enterprising and progressive town
will be a position to have all their freight
transported at rates making reductions
between 20 and 33% per cent on those
charged by the Southern Pacific Company
previous to the advent of the Valley
road.
Traffic Manager Moss of the latter com
pany yesterday filed the class-rate sched
ule of the San Francisco and San Joaquin
Valley Railroad for all points between
San Francisco and Fresno with the Rail
road Commissioners and these rates will
po into effect to-morrow. Those to all
points Detween this City and Lankershim
have already been published and herewith
are given the new rates:
NEW CLASS RATES OF THE VALLEY ROAD.
Between 8an Francisco and— load* In cents Carloads in cents pe r 100
• . . • per 100 pounds. poanaa.
|l|a|3|4||6|A|B|O|D|K'
Patterson 49 46 41 88 830 595 410 865 816 270
BulUrd....; 62 i 48 44 41 675 635 4851385 336 ! 285
iresno 6& | 61 47 44 720 670 460 405 850 295
When the Valley road put in its rates tide, says a writer in Invention. A few
aa far south as L,ankershim the Southern hours later, when the gun and the target
Pacific not only reduced rates to the sta- were both covered with water to a
tions on its lines that were in competition depth of six feet, the gun was fired
with Valley road stations, but also made by* means of electricity. We said
a cut as far Bouth as Fresno. Its rates to "aimed at a target,'* but the facts are that
Fresno previous to the first cut and after there were two targets, but only one was
it were as follows: erected for this special experiment, the
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CLA88 RATES PREVIOUS TO TUB ADVBNTOFTHB VALLEY ROAD.
BETWK1CN SAN FRANCISCO AND FBESNO.
I i
12S*BABCDE
68 63 68 04 [ f 10 '20 $10 20 »5 80 »6 20 ~~8* 10 $4 10
SOUTHERN PACIFIC REDUCED CLASS RATES BROUGHT ABOUT BY THE COMPETITION
OF THE VALLEY ROAD.
BETWEKX SAN FRANCISCO AND FttKSN'O.
1 'i 8*5 ABODE
63 61 64 60 $8 45 98 00 $5 40 «4 75 «4 05 $3 65 "
In accordance with the policy it has | other being the hull of an old vessel, the
• "Your pills are the best in the \ Diofolo Olid Dnoilflft
world. I used to be annoyed with - > rlSlOlS 8110 rBSTlBSl
constipation until I began using ► *>-n.
them. Now I have no trouble of * . '^-'^
that kind any more and I attribute \ The duelling pistol now
my recovery tc the use of your valu. £ occupies its proper place,
able medicine. In the springtime > . ' '
of the year I always take your # \ in the museum of the
wmww^wmw^wwr'r^w'vw^-wwmA collector of relics of bar-
barism. The pistol ought to have beside it the pestle
that turned out pills like bullets, to be shot like
bullets at the target of the liver. But the pestle is
still in evidence, and will be, probably, until every-
body has tested the virtue of
Ayer's Cathartic Pills.
# This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a
hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. -
heretofore assumed the Southern Pacific
will at once meet tne rales of its rival.
It is expected to begin passenger service
between San Francisco and Fresno in
about two weeks, and possibly a fevr days
earlier.
WANTED IN TEXAS.
W. Brown, Alias W. J. Ash, Alias A.
W. Miinn, Arrested for
i orrery.
Chief of Police James H. Maddox of
Fort Worth, Tex., arrived here yesterday,
and will take back \V. Brown, alias W. J.
Ash, alias A. W. Mann, as soon as the
requisition papers »re signed by the Gov
ernor for his extradition.
Brown was arrested at the Palace Hotel
a week ago yesterday by Detectives Whit
taker and Seymour, and he has been in
"the tanks" since. Tiie story of his
crime was published in The Call on the
day of his arrest.
Brown and his partner, J. T. McKay,
forged a draft for $20,200, and Brown de
posited it with the First National Bank,
Fort Worth. McKay had gone to Colorado
Springs and kept in telegraphic communi
cation with Brown. Brown succeeded in
drawing $580 by checks from the deposit
in the bank and then skipped, as Chief
Maddox had got on to the tact that he was
a forger. He joined McKay and together
they swindled hotel-keppers and obtained
valuable jewelry in different cities, which
they paid by checks on the bank at Fort
Worth.
McKay came here with Brown, bat fled ]
to Kansas City, where he was arrested.
INTER-CLASS FIELD DAY.
Pupils of Ian-well High School Compete
at the Olympic Grounds.
The boys of the Lowell High School
held their regular inter-class tield day yes
terday at the Olympic Club grounds. It
was just the right sort of a day to bring
out the best qualities of the young ath
letes.
These inter-class meets are merely a
"try-out" from which the best athletes are
picked to compete in the academic field
day, in which all the high schools of tbe
surrounding counties are represented by
their best athletes.
The events and winners were as follows:
100-yard dash— Titus '97, time, 115^; 120
yard high hurdles, Carter '98, time '20 1-5;
220 yards, over low hurdles, Symmes, '99,
heights feet; broad jump, Montgomery
'98, distance 18 feet 7 inches; 16-lb shot
put. Ham '90, put 32 feet. In the mile
walk, Walsh '97, hroke his former record j
of 7 minutes 49 2-5 seconds, by 14 2-5
seconds. Symmes, although handicapped
by a troublesome ankle, well upheld the
honor of the class of '99.
C. C. Young, L. H. 8., acted as referee;
Gil!, O. A. Cm as starter and M. E. Man
ning, Y. M. C. A., as judge of walking.
A HOTEL EXPEBIMEHT.
rue itesnit or .tiring a cannon Under
the Water.
The moat curious experiment ever made
with a piece ol ordnance was at Ports
mouth, England. A staee was erected in
the harbor within the tidemark; on this
an Armstrong gun of the 110-pound pat
tern was mounted. The gun was then
loaded and carefully aimed at a target— all
this, of course, during the time of low
NEW TO-DAT.
Griper, which lay directly behind the tar
get and in range of the ball. The target
itself was placed only twenty-live feet
from the muzzle of the gun. It was com
posed of oak beams and planks and wai
twenty-one inches thick. In ordsr to
make the old Griper invulnerable a sheet
of boiler plates, three inches thick, was
riveted to the water-logged hull in airect
range with the course the ball was
expected to take if not deflected by the
water. On all of these— the oaken tar
get, the boiler plates and the old vessel
hull— the effect of the shot from the sub
merged gun was really startling. The
wooden target was pierced through and
through, the boiler-iron target was brok
en into pieces and driven into the "back
ing," the ball passed on through both
sides of the vessel, making a huge hole,
through which the water poured in tor
rent?. Taken altogether, the experiment
was an entire success, demonstrating as it
did the feasibility of placing submerged
guns in harbors in the time of war and
doing great damage to vessels which an
enemy might dispatch to such points for
tlie purpose of shelling cities.
NEW TO-DAT.
The fresh -roasting oi
Schillings Best tea in San
Francisco costs more than
stale-roasting of other tea
in China or Japan, but it
makes tea better.
You don't have to pay
the difference, though. It
comes out of our profits.
We make money in giv-
ing up profits. Queer!
A Schilling: & Company
San Franciscn S92
22 Geary St., Near Kearny,
Telephone Grant 518.
NEW ARRIVALS
Stylish I Popular
Weaves!
NEW SUITINGS.... $4.50 Suit
LIZARD NOVELTIES. $5.95 Suit
CHEVIOT NOUVE1U.$6.3O Suit
MOHAIR GRANITE.. $7.00 Suit
50 styles in Novelty Goods
from $1 to $2.50 yard.
Samples Forwarded.
Goods Sent C. O D.
R. T. REMEDY COMPANY.
j Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
|j STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
ALASKAN (ha A A
SEAL hVi'llll
SHOES ) IPUiUu
TTTATERPROOF SHOES ? WE HAVE
'* them. Every pair guaranteed for
wear. Our Alaska Seal Shoes cannot be
beat. They are neat fitters, solid wearers,
keep the feet dry, and are sold at popular
prices. They ha7e been thoroughly tested,
and we guarantee every pair. ' We carry
them in Lace and Congress. Square or Me-
dium Round Toe?. Special price, $3. Sold
elsewhere for more money. Cork Sole
Alaska Seal Shoes only 50 cent-* extra.
Youths' Sizes 11 to 2..... 81.75
Boys' Sizes 2% to &y* 9%. OO
Ladles' Waterproof Box Calf Lace.. 83.75
tar Country ord«r§ solicited.
Mm' Send {or >ew Illustrated Cataloya*
I Address KATCHINSKI,
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San FranoUoo.
78
RA1NEY INGS TO
THE SUPERVISORS
He and Lanigan Will Name
at Least Eight of the
Nominees.
A NEW PARTY IS BORN.
P. A. Dolan Bobs Up for Silver
and With a Seventh Local
Ticket.
DOLAN'S HISTORY AND WISDOM.
The Local Democracy Gets Dolan in
the Neck and Awaits Various
Developments at Hand.
The local Democracy bad yesterday a
quiet day. There was but one disturbance
as far as outwnrd indications went, and
thai was occasioned by the intrusion of a
new local party and a new ticket, fathered
by P. A. Dol&n and christened "The Free
Silver Party," which Mr. Dolan hoped to
have led by W. H. H. Hart as a candidate
for Mayor.
Thus day by day is the political gayety
of this metropolis nourished by the birth
of factions, the fruitful multiplying of un
fruitful candidates and the widening and
lengthening of the municipal ballot. The
Buckleyites' contention that this is a
mighty good thing, because it increases
the "freedom of the voter," is now being
digested by the Supreme Court.
The Buckleyites did nothing much yes
terday besides developing; force in the
determination to kick Frank J. Murasky
off their ticket next Monday night lor ac
cepting a nomination for Superior Judge
by the Ruiney convention and telling that
he had resigned the Buckley nomination
to get it.
In Junta circles the nominations to be
made next Monday nijTin, especially for
Supervisor, were widely discussed.
The ticket for Supervisors will be a
Rainey ticket — that is, the Rainey-Lani
gaa -Duggett element, which i as absolute
control of the conven tion, will name eight
or nine of the dozen, and wiii concede the
unimportant four or five to the minority.
Tne power* that run the convention are
proceeding on the assumption, if not the
absolute knowledge, that the Democratic
organ, the Examiner, wili bolt the ticket
a* soon as it is finally made up and de
clare itselt for a non-partisan ticket.
The Examiner is generally said, by
those who know what is going on in Junta
affairs, to be putting its finger into local
politics very deeply in the direct and
practical way that is apart from editorial
columns and that belongs to private room
Consultations.
It is generally understood that the
Examiner is trying to name the Board of
Supervisors, but the Junta Democrats,
who are outside of the pale of this paper's
favor, observe sagely that for years nearly
every candidate whom the Examiner has
favored has been defeated, and they
philosophically discount the paper's in
fluence in advance.
But that new party and new ticket is a
somewhat interesting development. Mr.
Dolan's party has always been a factor in
local politics, and this year it might pos
sibly be a very important one. A deuce is
sometimes mighty important at a table
that's round and green.
However, thera was a sort of munici
pal convention at 763 Market street last
evening, at which the new "Local Free
Silver party" was born.
Mr. Dolan is a political leader who
always possesses a high sense of the im
portance of standing by principle when
local parties distort it for mere expedi
ency, and he has always noted that local
parties do not stand fully by
the principles which he finally
supports. His detractors in the
course of political excitement and irre
sponsibility have called his movements
"piece clubs" at various times, but Mr.
Dolan stands by principle, delivers new
parties biennially and decides the des
tinies of such candidates as get beaten or
eleoted by tne votes his ticket receives.
The meeting last night at the new politi
cal headquarters was called to order by
John P. Miller, who is well and favorably
known as the ex-proririetor of a saloon in
the Richmond District, and C. H. Catter
son, the popular head bartender for the
brother of irank McManus, who acted as
secretary.
Mr. Miller called attention to the pres
ent deplorable condition of local politics,
and stated that the true friends of Bryan
and Bilver would rally to the support of a
ticket that was composed of the friends of
silver, and none other.
This was mainly an indirect leference
to the local gold Democracy of the Junta.
Mr. Dolan's resolution calling a nomi
nating convention for next Monday even
ing at Headquarters was adopted. To fore
stall any talk cf "piece club" it was de
cided to indorse no nominees of other
tickets, but to name a complete independ
ent ticket.
It was somewhat informally decided
who would go on the ticket. W. H. H.
Hart was the first choice for Mayor and
James F. Bartlett, real-estate man and
president of the Sixteenth-street Improve
ment Club when that street-opening oc
curred, was second choice.
Bebrend Jooat will be the candidate for
Tax Collector, though W. H. Gorman
would like to be the man.
P. A. Dolan himself will run for Super
intendent of Streets again. Mr. Dolan has
run for this office on the Dolan ticket be
fore, and is understood to have some ideas
about the office which no other nominee
has.
I'. Broderick, who is no relative of the
Broderick now in the office, is the man for
Auditor.
Mr. Dolan spoke frankly and honestly
about nis party last evening and gave
some Interesting and Taluable informa
tion. He is undoubtedly a friend of sil
ver, and it is thougnt probable by some
that the Silver party organization, of
which George D. Lane, Gsorge W. Baker
and W. F. Lawlor are directors, will sup
port his movement.
"I've dropped O'Donnell," said Mr.
Dolan. "I stood by him for ten years,
but I've dropped him on account of the
support the railroad gave him two years
ago.
"Parties inquired about W. H. H. Hart
yesterday, but he'd gone to Sacramento,
and we couldn't rind out for sure if he'd
accept, but we understand on good author
ity that he will.
"They can't call us a piece club this
time because we'll put up independent
candidates by petition — probably every
one of them."
Mr. Dolan's hasty review of the effect
and history of Dolan politics was interest
ing.
"Ten years ago," he said, "I ran the
Irish-American Democratic ticket. We
ran Dr. O'Donnell for Governor and he
polled about 9000 votes, but the rest of the
ticket polled about 4000 votes in the City.
We elected the Supreme Court that year
and we beat J. J. Flynn for County Clerk,
as be came out and said himself next day
in The Call.
"We indorsed Morrow for Congress and
boat MoCoppin. 1 can show you Morrow's
signature where tie indorsed our platform.
I've got it down home in a trunk. There
was a race between Morrow and McCoprin
as to who would get on our ticket. You
remember A. A. Sargent, who was inter
ested in the Legislature. He backed our
ticket up. I was new in politics then,
but ever since we've run a ticket.
"We beat Frank J. Sullivan for Cong ress
in the Fifth that year, too. When we
went to Sullivan, he said: 'Ha! ha! its
money you want and Dot indorsement of
your principle?.' I said, 'You'll see
whether it is or not, Mr. Sullivan.'
"We've always polled a good vote. Why,
two years acto one of our candidates for
Justice of the Peace refused' the nomina
tion, and I told my son 10 pick out a name
from the directory to fill up with. He
picked out a man by the name of Flanni
trnn — I forget his other name now.
I said, 'That's a j. ood Irish name.' Well,
lie polled 4500 votes and we dtdn't learn
till after election that he'd been dead six
months. My son ran for School Director
and got 1800 vote*, and one man, J. J. Cav
anaugh, a young felloe heie south of
Market, got about 4500 votes. I elected
Curry County Clerk by putting 'Feet' Ma
ioney on the ticket. They only gave him
credit for about 2000 votes, but he beat
Haley. It shows what the Australian
ballot can do.
"I was a candidate for Superintendent
of Streets, like I am this year, and they
gave me credit for about 1800 and some
thing, but the election officers divided my
vote between Ashworth and what's his
name.''
Mr. Dolan has twice got hii littie tickets
into the Supreme Court in splashing
around in the political pool, thereby get
ting some important decisions into the
books at least, and this year Mr. Dolan is
again taking an interest in the affairs of
government for the sake of principle and
pure politics.
Mr. Dolan's candidate for Mayor will be
the fifth actually in the field, with a surety
that there will be seven and possibly eight
with furt&er developments to hear from.
JOSEPH P. KF-LLY'S FIGHT.
The Antl-Fuslon Candidate Hard
at Work In the Fifth.
Joseph P. Kelly, the regular Democratic
and anti-fusion candidate for Congress in
the Fifth District, has been vigorously
conducting his campaign during the week,
speaking at Spanishtown and Pescadero
on the coast and in various places In San
Mateo and Santa Clara counties.
Kelly has already made over forty
speeches in the district and has held large
meetings in every district in San Fran
cisco included in his field. During the
next two weeks he will vigorously conduct
his campaign in the lower part of the dis
trict. He will speak at every point of any
importance, and besides will mate a buck
board campaign through the smaller
communities. In October he will have
another series of district meetings in this
City.
"Judging by the meetings I have held,
the people I meet and the communications
1 receive," says Mr. Kelly, "I am certain
that my fight is a winning one. My friends
are standing by me everywhere, and the
fusion ticket is'beinsr repudiated.
"The Populist nominee is unknown and
is charged with being an A. P. A. The
ticket is being repudiated because the
Popnlist principles are not Democratic
principles. The Populist is a fiat-money
party, silver being taken up as a tem
porary expedient. The Democrats Relieve
that their party has been sacrificed to the
Populist party by mere politicians. The
genuine Populist vote is smaller than in
any other district in the State, being about
2400, while the normal Democratic vote is
about 16,000. Rogers polled more than
his party strength two years ago on ac
count of an indorsement he received.
There would hr.ve been no question of the
success of the Democratic party this year
if a few political schemers had let us alone.
"I am making a campaign for free sil
ver, internal improvements and aeainst
the funding bill. They are trying to cir
culate reports that I am a Southern Pa
cific attorney, when in fact 1 never had a
railroad case in my life, and have for
fifteen years been fighting the railroad.
There is a Frank Kelly, not related to me,
who frequently appears as railroad coun
sel in damage suits, and my enemies try
to confuse our names."
THE NEW WALDECK.
A Modern Egtablishment With Every
Facility for the Care of
valid-.
The new Waldeck, located at 717 Jones
street. iB meeting with a success which is
well merited. It is conducted on the co
operative plaa by an association com
posed chiefly of a number of San Fran
cisco physicians and surgeons. The build
ing was erected especially for the purpose
of a sanitorium, and in planniug it the
most careful attention was given to every
feature. As a result the Waldeck is as
well nigh perfect as it possibly could be.
The house contains something like one
hundred rooms for the accommodation of
patients. The furniture and general equip
ment of each room is of the most modern
and approved sanitary character. In ad
dition to this the building is supplied
with a perfect system of ventilation and
heating. Air from the roof is filtered and
warmed bj contact with steam pipes, and
is then drawn by an electric motor fan to
each room independently. An exhaust
system draws off the air from another
point in each room.
The operating-rooms are planned and
furnished along the most modern and ap
proved lines. The tables and fixtures are
all in white enamel, brass and plate glass.
The apparatus for sterillzfng instruments
and dressings and for supplying sterilized
water is the most complete known. The
heating and lighting facilities are perfect
in every detail lor ideal aseptic operating
rooms.
The nursing, which is a most important
feature in an institution like this, is of the
best. A corps of well-trained nurses is
constant in attendance, and a larger num
ber of trained and graduated mines are
employed than in any similar institution
on the coast. On each floor is a nurses'
waiting room, supplied with every con
venience in the way of appliances for the
care of the sick. By means of electric
bells a patientcancali the nurse instantly
night or day. Another important
feature of the Waldeck is the
bath department. It is equipped with
every appliance for giving medicated baths
and is in charge of trained and thoroughly
competent assistants. Salt, sulphur, iner
curial, mud, vapor and other special
baths can be given, as may be prescribed.
Among other features of the Waldeck are
a solarium, where convalescents m*iy have
sun baths, and a roof garden, where, in
fine weather, they may have outdoor air.
The latter is charmingly fitted up with
potted plants and patients can enjoy them
selves in hammocks and s'eamer-chairs
and have an extended view at a high ele
vation above the noise of the streets.
While the ownership and management
of the house is vested in the members of
the association the place is open to the
reception of the patients of any reputable
physician. The absolute privacy and
quiet, as well as the scientific nursing and
watchfulness that patients at the Waldeck
enjoy, permit their treatment to be carried
on under the most favorable conditions
and insure patients a degree of comfort
and attention so essential to the success
ful treatment of medical and surgical
cases. The cuisine is supplied with the
best the market affords, and particular
attention is paid to dainty and tasteful
service.
It is understood that any physician is
made welcome at the Waldeck, and that
those outside San Francisco can accom
pany their patients and attend to them
themselves or call any other physician in
consultation. After returning home they
can retain direction and control of the
treatment of their cases by telephone.
They are thus enabled to avail them
selves of all the advantages of a modern
hospital, and patients from the country
can remain under the care of their own
physicians when thoy bo desire.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
GENERAL MILES TO
SEE FOR HIMSELF
An Immediate Visit to the
Lime Point Fortifi
cations.
THE WORKS INSPECTED.
Commander at Once Mounted a
Horse and Rede Over
the Trails.
PRESIDIO DYNAMITE GUNS.
Orders From Washington Postponing
the Departure of Fifth Artillery
Light Batteries.
Major- General Nelson A. Miles, com
manding the United States army, ar
rived in San Francisco yesterday forenoon
and registered at the Palace Hotel. Shortly
MAJOR-GENERAL NELSON A. MILES, U. S. A^ Now on
a Visit to This Gty.
after his arrival he boarded the United
States steamer General McDowell, and
proceeded first to Angel Island and then
to Lime Point. The general was accom
panied by his wife and his son, Sherman
Miles; Colonel Shafter, commanding the
Department of California; Colonel A. S.
Kimball, chief quartermaster of the de
partment; Major Edward Field, inspector
of artillery; Captain Michler of the major
general's staff; Lieutenant C. L. Potter,
Engineer Corps; Captain Maus, First In
fantry; and Dr. and Mrs. Huff.
At Lime Point the major-general
mounted a horse and went over the trail
of the new fortifications. Although his
stay at the point was brief be saw for him
self the advantages of the commanding
position of the proposed batteries on the
high ground opposite Fort Point. One
12-inch rifle is already in position
there and emplacements have been made
for two more of the 12-inch guns. It
is understood that this place will shortly
be garrisoned by one battery of artillery.
General Miles goes to Montere: to-day
and will remain until to-morrow morn
ing. It is expected that he will visit the
Presidio Monday and inspect the dyna
mite battery. On his arrival at the Pre
sidio, a salute of fifteen guns, due a major
general commanding the army, will be
nred, and the troops at the post will be
paraded in nis honor.
The pneumatic guna at the Presidio are
in working order. The officers and men of
the Fifth Artillery understand how to
handle the air-compressing machinery
and will fire real shells charged with dyna
mite, if the major-general should so direct.
There is a battery of dynamite guns at
Sandy Hook, N. Y., but it is said that the
artillerymen there do not operate the
machinery. The soldiers of the Fifth Ar
tiliery have also been instructed in the
duty of operating the electrical plant of
the mortar battery, so that the chambers
and recess can be illuminated and all of
the guns fired simultaneously.
Before leaving Washington General
Miles signified a desire to make an ex
haustive test of the dynamite battery of
the Presidio.
Yesterday Colonel Shafter, commanding
the Department of California, received tel
egraphic advice from the adjutant-general
in Washington that the time of the de
parture of the two light batteries of the
Fifth Artillery had been postponed until
the latter part of October. It was further
announced that the destination of the
light batteries might be changed on future
orders. Colonel O. D. Greene, ndjutant
general of the department, immediately
transmitted the orders to General Graham.
Captain Thorp, Light Battery D, and
Captain Reilly, Light Battery F, are now
wondering what next. Two days ago it
seemed settled that D Battery would go to
New York and F to Chicago. Now it is
possible that one or both may go to Fort
Kiley, Kans.
Since the order was received changing
the destination of the Fifth Artillery from
Florida to New York another vote has been
taken by the enlisted on the proposition
to go East or stay here. Of the artillery
men at the Presidio 120 have elected to
remain. Some men in the other batteries
at Alcatraz and Fort Masou will also
decide to stay, so the number remaining
will approximate 170. Already prepara
tions to move are in progress, but there is
still a hope expressed that the order to go
East may be rescinded.
POINTED TOES MUST GO.
No More Toothpick* In Shoe Leather
Now Sayt Fashion's Decree.
The pointed toe shoe is going out of
style. Such is the decree of fashion and
when fashion dictates few men or women
dispute this decree, says the New York
Journal.
Hence the passing of the "toothpick"
point is a fact that just now is forcing itself
on manufacturers and dealers. Some of
the leading shoe-dealers of New York con
firmed the statement that in its place is
appearing the more comfortable round
toed style of footwear.
The exodus of the "toothpick" marks an
epoch in the history of footgear. The
ultra-fashionable youth will have no trou
ble in standing squarely upon their own
feet, instead of bearing down upon their
neighbors' pedal extremities with the
useless projection of the old-style shoe.
There have been many styles of shoes
worn by different styles of men, but the
pointed toe maintained its supremacy
longer than any of them. But, like all
else, it has had to give way to the dictates
of Dame Fashion and fall styles show a
wider range of round and square-toed
shoes than has been in stock for many a
long day, while there is less variety of
pointed-toed shoes seen than ever be
fore.
The reoresentative of one shoe company
said: "In the future pointed shoes may
be worn more or less for evening wear, but
they will eventnaily become out of date
for the reason that they are more apt to
break around the tips and the dealers are
accused of selling an inferior article. The
shoe that is coming in the place of the
pointed shoe is one that is known as the
'bulldog," which has a raised, round, blunt
toe. The reason for calling the shoe
"bulldog' is because of the shape of the
toe, which is something like a dog's head
in form. This will be the fashionable shoe
this fall."
The manager of another store said :
"Pointed shoes are going out of style for
the reason that different designs in foot
wear are merely a fad or fancy. The
'bulldog' shape is a more comfortable shoe
and is a more sensible looking article than
the old style of pointed shoe. There is no
doubt but what some people" will regret
the change in style, but such is the law of
fashion."
Another reason for pointed shoes going
out of style Is the lact that cheap manu
facturers are making them at a much more
reduced price than manufacturers of high
grade shoes can compete with.
The line city trade of the East and pub
lic opinion in general have set decidedly
against the needle-pointed shoe and the
'coin" and "bulldog" shaped lasts now
have the preference.
LOS ANGELES TAX
COLLECTOR'S TASK
Corporations to Be Assessed
Under an Act Long Ago
Forgotten.
WAS NEVER REPEALED.
Payment of Ten Cents Demanded
lor Transfers of Stock
Certificates.
LARGE SUMS IN ARREARS.
The Entire State Affected by a Law
That Has Not B:en Enforced
Heretofore.
-os Ahoeles Office op Thk Call,)
328 South Broadway, V
Lob Anqele8, Cal , Sept. 26.)
The diligent and painstaking sea.cli
which has been going on fpr weeks under
the supervision of Chief Deputy Tax Col
lector Wade in the County Clerk's office
has at last been explained. Although Mr.
Wade was engaged in loosing ud mining
corporations alone, still every incorpora
tion in the State of California is affected
by the law under the provisions of which
he has been working.
Several weeks ago County Tax Collector
A. H. Merwin received a letter from the
California State Mining Bureau, which led
to the tnsk assigned to Mr. Wade. The
letter was from Henry S. Durden, secre
tary of the State Mining Bureau, and
called attention to an act of 1878, imposing
a tax of 10 cents on the transfer of certifi
cates of stock in all corporations, which
I. as never been repealed. As far as mining
companies are concerned, the tax was
transferred to the Mining Bureau fund by
subsequent legislation, which created and
established the State Mining Bureau.
The act of the Legislature of 1877, pro-
Tiding for the tax, made it lawful for the
secretary of every corporation in the
State to demand of any person requiring
the issue of any certificate of stock 10
cents in coin, whether such certificate was
the original issue or an issue of transfer,
and it made a violation of its provisions a
misdemeanor and false swearing in con
nection therewith perjury. The second
section of the act is as follows:
Section '2. It shall be the duty oi the secre
tary ol every such corporation, on the first
Monday in January, April, July and October
°i ea £,b year, to make returns under oath to
the Tax Collector, or officer acting as Tax Col
lector, of the number of certificates issued by
the corporation of which he is secretary, dur
ing the quarter preceding, and pay to such
Tax Collector the sum of 10 cents lor each and
every certificate so issued by said corporation,
except that in the City and County of San
h runcisco such returns and payments shall be
made to the license collector or officer en
gaged in the collection of licenses in said City
or County.
By subsequent acts the Legislature ere-
ated the State Mininsr Bureau and directed
that the proceeds of this 10-cent tax on
stock certificates, as far as mining and
Kindred corporations are concerned, ro
into the fund for the support of the
bureau. There have been some efforts in
this county in that direction by one or
two tax collectors, but they did not result
in much success. The law, although on
the statute books, has been a dead letter.
In case an attempt is made to collect on
all the corporations in the county it will
cause quite a flutter, as the aggregate
amount on all certificates would be quite
a large sum. There are some 2000 articles
of incorporation on file in the County
Clerk's office.
A good many of these have long since
passed away, ana it would be an almost
endless task to attempt the collection of
the tax. Secretary Durden of the Mining
Bureau says furtner:
."As the tax collectors outside of San
Francisco have either been ignorant of the
law or negligent in collecting this tax and
the State has suffered thereby, the Gover
nor, Attorney-Goneral and the board of
trustees are determined that this duty
must be attended to, and in order to save
you unnecessary trouble and to facilitate
your labors, we inclose a copy of the last
law (1893) and a list of incorporations in
(^~6o 0 0 <To-6'5 a a 0 o^yonr6*'(inr8'6"6Trfl"fl"a'6'flfl c a bnpnroTr6Tnnro"B"a"a"o"B"6"'a'8"^
I HUDYAN CURES MAN! :
% I
o Diseases and Disabilities of This condition of loss or failing vigor in °
o ._ . "*" a w " married or single, no matter how Induced, °
o men. can be cured. - . o
.* Do yon feel more tired In the morning than The Great Remedy— HUDYAN. 2
i" on going to bed? Do you have melancholy CIRCULARS FREE. o 1
i &J58tt£sSSSS£i g
0 and that life is losing its charm for yon? If USE THE GREAT HUDYAN. °
o so yon are afflicted with Nervous Debility, CIRCULARS FREE ' °
o and if you do not receive prompt and efficient " ' K!> jrltJSE - o
I; sTd&^^nsTre^ratio^. attacked TAINTED BLOOD. °
0 suddenly by Nervous Prostration. IAIN I ED BLOOD. o
1 Cure Yourself by Using Nature's tainted blood First, secondary °
o TH rand Remsdio-Treatment, tainted blood and tertiary forms S
U -run „ XA1ISTJ--D BLOOD of blood disorders a
« THE GREAT HUDYAN. -..«,"„« are manifested by %
CIRCULARS FREE. TAINTED BLOOD copper -c ol o re d o
g r^Z^&g^r&^SZ TAINTED BLOOD BUn.' Irxiut^ $
l o time of life, between the agei of 21 I and 50 MINTED BLOOD Blood. When in 3
o time of life, between the ages of 21 and 60. T . IVTwn « T^«^ ?J? od - hen ln ©<
0 become afflicted with organic and nervous *-*i«TED BLOOD this condition you 3
1 _. weakness and LOSS OF SEXUAL POWER. _ . __ must act prompt- 3
1 partial or complete. It does not by any TAINTED BLOOD ly. The best to do 3
means follow that men so attacked have Is the sure 30-day 3
i™ been guilty of either fault or excesses, as TAINTED BLOOD cure. Call or write 3
i" only too often do we find the sufferer's habits for the 3
° to have been quite exemplary, In all except ° i
o that he Is the slave of his own ambition and • I °
o permits himself to be harassed and racked : DAY CURE CIRCULARS. : «*
o by a thousand and one tormenting problems :... * °
o consequent upon his desire to get rich, the HUDSON iirninn IMSTITHTF °
o worry of his business or profession or his HllljRflN MFI1 HAI INSTITIITF «
o aspirations for social and other distinctions- HUIItfUll ITILUIUnL IIiOIIIUIL, 3
o UUDYAN Is just what is needed in your Cor. Market and Ellis St». 3
o case. You should learn more about !3
0 THE GREAT HUUYAN. HUDYAN MAKES MAN. 3
,o CaU or Write. CIRCULARS FREE. CIRCULARS FREE. e>{
° BLOOD AND SKTN— and Skin Dls- «=<
» Thousands of the busy, brainy, thinking eases; Blood Poison; Syphilis, affecting the ol
» classes of American men exhaust themselves body, throat, skin and bones; Muccus «
So ' long before they have reached what ought to Patches in Mouth, Ulcers, Tumors, Warty cj
So be the age of Life's Golden Meridian. Growths, etc., scientific treatment, guaran- 3
Jo Thousands of others have ourned the teed cure. Vlceration of Leg or other parts; 3
Iq candle at both ends, so :o speak— indulged in worst cases solicited. Cdre effected or money 3
C excesses during youth— and, after marriage refunded. °
C perhaps, realize the inevitable result. KIDNEY AND BLADDER— Kidney and **
Q: < Few escape the direful consequences of Bladder Ailments, Painful. Difficult, Too °
r* folly. The crop is sown, and for harvest we Frequent. Milky or Bloody Urine and all °
P have lack of energy, nerve force, ambition, a matter.) relating to urinary passages prompt- °s
f 3 want of self-confidence, and feel unfit for ly cured. o<
)o business, society or to marry. PRIVATE DISEASES— Varicocele, Strio- o<
» The best Interests of such sufferers will be ture, Scalding, Burning, Smarting, Frequent 3
}o promoted by using the great remedy treat- Urination, Discbarges, Irritation, etc. radl- 3
So mem, HUDYAN. cally cured. Unfailing method. No knife; 3
g HUDYAN Cures Prematureness treat all Chronic, Nerv- °
U in Twenty Days. ous, Skin and Blood Diseases; and guarantee °
Jo CIRCULARS FREE. a cure in every case accepted. «
£ KIDNEYS Many men lead rapid lives LITER When your liver is disordered °
£ and subject themselves to such _ _ you will notice the following °
IT KIDNETS baneful practices that their LIVER symptoms, you should write °
{ a ___ kidneys are almost used up. 'or liver Book. It is a
1° KIDNETS These are a few of the effects LITER free: : ■ > .: ..o
So vr »-<T. of wasted kidneys: "Are you irritable?" «*
( o KIDNEYS Great weakness, thirst, LIVER "Are you nervous?" o
° _ emaciation, spec. no gravity "Do vbu set dir7v'" o
£ KIDNETS Z^lT^T^?oi «VER 3
So KIDNEYS and bleed easily, appetite "Do you have cold feet?" 3
U variable, flatulence, constlpa- LIVER "Do you get tired easily?" f<
l o KIDNETS tlon or diarrhoea, slcln dry and "I)o you have hot flushes?" °\
I yellowish, boils, carbuncles. LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred?" °\
I KIDNETS eczema and ltchings, swelllnjr "Can't you explain where?" °
{ o irvn^^vo 2 f L Ower «»remliles, loss of LIVER "Have you pain in the back?" °
I AlOnlSlS ne«D. . tiTc vnnr flnsh snft an/1 O
| KIDNETS A»MSr»*»aS MVER fl f|e ? ' \Zr ! J II S
G KIDNKTS Keys.» A Kn ° Wledge Ot ttoffl" T °" '^^ ** S
! kidnkts variable, flatulence, constlpa- LIVER "Do you a bloating after eat- °
KIDNEYS tlon or diarrhoea, skin dry and "I)o you have hot flushes?" °S
yellowish, bolls, carbnccles, LIVER "Is your eyesight blurred?" °\
KIDNETS eczema and Itchlngs, swelling "Can't you explain where?" °)
irvn^^^o 2 f l0WGr e « re mUTes, loss of LIVER "Have you pain in the back?" °S
KIDNEYS fleoh. .. Is your flegQ ft d ol
If you want to learn all about LIVER flabbv T " °S
KIDNEYS your kidneys write for th 3 m**'*' n f <A °y- so irlta low at e.
book, -a Knowledge of IT vpr ti^c?" *Pi«W low at
KIDNKYS Klndeys." * LIVER times? o
"Is there a bloating after eat- °
C LIVER Ing?" «>
U ECZEMA Comes with extreme lrrtta- r^^, , '.' Ha .T e y° P»lns around the *
U ' "on and watery pimples. Just L1VER loins?" o
C ECZEMA as soon as .your skin becomes " Do you hav« gurgling in °
U , dry and parched and Itchy just LIVER bowels?" °
C ECZEMA so soon you must help yourself. "Do you have rumbling la °
\a -r.^-,...,r You will notice small pimples LIVER bowels?" °<
g ECZEMA with a watery fluid in spots or "Is there throbbing in the ■ °{
f 3 lr7FW . over the body. LIVER stomach?" °\
o ECZEMA If you are suffering ' from 1ITER ,'X* from P-« > f 2
o Eczema learn all about its ewe LIVER thetemolJ?" P 5
o ECZEMA and cure. Write for Eczema ™ t oy^ h T aveM BS eofheatin 3
o »— Book. Write to the Great TT *,™, . D <> yoa have a«nse of heat in *,
o ECZEMA Hudson Doctors. Write to-day. LITEK bowels?" 3
j o ' * "Do you have palpitation of °
l o Organic Weakness, Impotency, with all Us LIVER the heart?" °
o train of miserable iorebodln?s, doubt, dls- "Is there a general feeling of °
o ability, fears and embarrassment, demoral- LIVER lassitude?" °
lzesaman. He loses dignity, becomes de- "Do these feelings affect TOur °
° spondent. sometimes thinks of committing LIVER memory?" «
<* suicide, sees nothing to live for. and feels If tou wish to be cured of your liver trouble 3
a general & alscontented with himself and all write for "Liver Book." It will be sent to «
« me wona • . you free. • . r©
o . ———«—■■»»■««««. ' °
s HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE :
(o STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STREETS. o
UULgJUiLg.'biro 0 <nfJLtt-g 8 g 8 gJJLOJLiLlLgJLgJLSLai? OOggQPQQOOOOOQqft a
EXCURSION AND AUCTION SALE!
—"*■•*'• -ri, 0 X WTTDrfc H XF
\ 5&S$&f Saturday Octob«sr 10. 1896,
'. '^ 'Vyi.Tl.ii^Sjil^^^ At 1 o clock P. M., at Murphy Station,
UiBIIfflESBB^ MARTIN MURPHY TRACT,
I AT AUCTION Subdivision No. 3 A.
i Jr\ 1 JT\KJ V> 1 1 \J IN Three Miles South of the Pleasant Town of
4OO ACRES MOUNTAIN VIEW,
Santa Clara County.
SEED, VEGETABLE, GARDEN, SUGAR-BEET AND ALFALFA LAND
MARTIN MURPHY TRACT,
40 10-AGRE AND UPWARD TRACTS 40
SUBDIVISION No. 3 A
Is beyond question the best land In this State for raisin? SEEDS. EARLY VEGETABLES, ALFALFA
and .->UUAK BEKTS. The coming crop for cultivation next to early vegetables Is to be the SUGAR
JBKET. The supply cannot for fifty years meet the demand. It takes but five months to prepare the
ground, plant and harvest the crop. No scientific farming is required, and children can do as mm h
work in the topping and thinning as adults. Seven months are left to plant and harvest other ™ n ,
ALFALFA Is another important product which should demand attention. With free water five to
s'.x crons per annum is often obtained. . *°
VV" A T* K* Vt Tlia * reat assistant to the farmer is obtained In (Treat quantity within about fortir
* » -"- -I XJ IV. feet by boring, and flowing wells are a success on this tract, giving the owner
full control of all that may be wanted, free from any royalty, thus securing any crop the agriculturist
may desire to cultivate. "untuisunsi
0^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^. WE WILL RUN
fefcfr gjffl , A s P ec l'»l First-class
— *$)£ *f£ib?r IBup3|SBHJ|] To Martin MurDhy's Homestead Tract,
ijjpO» **;.(£ Subdivision No. 3 A,
Tnree Miles from the Town n^ Mn™to,-«
. .V • View.
ON ACCOUNT OF THIS IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE,
Which will leave the Third and Townsend Street Depot, San Francisco, at 10 o'elnclr a v s attth
DAY, October 10. 1896, stopping at Valencia-street Station, San atateo, Redwood and ilenlo Part re
turning leave Murphy Station at 4:30 o'clock p. K. the same day. .... .»wu »na • ttenl ° ™rK, re-
SI.OO R<»lT"ND-TKIP TICKETS 81.00. Tickets obtainable at our fflr«nn i? r n^
Octobers 1896. all day. and on Saturday. October 10, day of the excursion up to 9-30 oVloekitf'
and at the depot. Third and 1 owns-ni streets, and Valencia street, up to hour o I leaving in fnvwi-'
a. it. from our representative and ticket office at depot, from other stations on the train S ' v«?^2««
Mateo. Redwood and Menlo Paris, round trip 50 cents. Free Collation on furound.
TERMS— One-fourth cash, balance in 1, 2, and 3 years In-
terest 8 per cent per annum. f
EAST05, ELDRIDGE & CO., ADCT10SEERS, 638 MARKET STREET
wooster * WHrrroNjjjjMwp. jjjjjj, tw... san.a era mrU
your county as shown on the books of the
Secretary of State."
Ceremony of Receiving an Embaiisdor.
The ceremony observed in receiving
a Minister is briefly this: On a day
appointed by the President the new
Minister drives with his secretaries and
attaches to the State Department, and
is thence escorted by the Secretary of
State to the executive mansion and con
ducted to the b'ue room. The secretary
then goes to the President's office and ad
vises him that the Minister is in
waiting. The President, on the arm
of the secretary, then proceeds to
the blue room, and, the Minister
and his suite standing the Secretary intro
duces the Minister, who. after bowing,
proceeds to read bis address, and at
the proper time hands to the Presi
dent his letters of credence, which
are immediately passed to the Secre
tary of State. When the address of
the Minister has been read the President
reads his reply, and after a few moments
spent in entirely informal conversation re
tires with the Secretary, who, returning,
conducts the Minister from tne executive
mansion.— Ex-President Harrison in July
Ladies' Home Journal.
fnl©§iOlj1f^ a^
When writing for further particulars to
any of the Health or Summer Resorts In
these columns kindly mention the Call. .
KAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California 1 Famoni Mountain Spat
H*VE YOU BEBS THBBK LATHLYf
3000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nmar-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean. Held and farm. Hot and cold
JN'apa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet;
•wings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Be-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER 8WIX-
W.1NG TANK, au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise; mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Spring*
P. O.
mm n 0% a * 4% a hot springs,
[HI II A I O II Monterey coua-
PARAISOiip
■ ■■■■■■ 'W health,re3t,pleas-
nre, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plungs
baths, -hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed ia the State. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trtp ticket, R8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. Foe
illustrated pamphlets and special inducements foe
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort)
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Tabla
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, stage at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wltia
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. CaJ.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IW-
XV vailds, consisting of large main building, cot- -
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Naps
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and sieam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements, "ura
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
: ;• J San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no equal In
the world. ■ ' •■■:.-« ••■■
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter guests.
R. H. WAP.FIELD & CO.
MADRON MINERAL SPRINGS
WILL BE OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure en re for all stomach and
urinary troubles- Send for analysis and descrio-
tive pamphlet. Address Madtone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, Santa Clara County, CoL
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
SUMMER BOARD IN 8AN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dre?» P. O. box 226.
IVERSIDE RANCH— THE BANKS Off
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
docino County; round trip, S9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishinc, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
I milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
G1LLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months; private family:
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEN.Belmont.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 CENTS — THJi
-^*- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
Ok
*AT. AUCTION
TUESDAY SEPTEMBER 29. 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OUR SALESROOMS MARKET ST.
BUSIKESS PROPERTY, FIFTH am,
SHIPLEY STREETS.
Southwest corner of Fifth and Shipley streets.
rear building on Shipley street, 2 French flats^hili
«■»*■ $5«; streets In bituminous rock and I « 'men"
*S*S&S£g&&£g m car s Md MarketJ
FELL ST.-1MPROVKD PROPERTY
8 2 I [6 h 11 t D f. ( o^a S vf 1 2 8an<1408^ ) « ™ "'"»•
Improvements— 2 flats of 7 and 5 room* and
bath; also on Linden avenue, front, 4 flats of 3
S?™iS? Cll rf ivli * lacom e SoSrFell street ind 'wall
bituminlzed: Linden avenue in basalt block'
MISSION HEIGHTS-COTTAGE.
West line (No. 164) of Clara avsnue 16H '"*
north of Eighteenth street. ntuSoaSSn.
Pretty cottage of 5 rooms and bath- streak
ro^^^^ree^ 1 «•»«-«•««»« electriVc^j
RICHMOND CORNER
tl.^vSSnef 0 " 1 " ° f CftliforoI * ««« and Twen-
A large. Hne business corner with small buildlne
containing store and 4 . rooms; Sutro Elect rtosS!
California-street cars; large corner lot, 29x120 feet.
TWO MISSION COTTAGES
baft? TO.'sasassr a o ml 4 nu^w fe .
rents ?10 each; wlU be sola singly; lots 25x95
BADEN CORNER LOT.
Near , Baden station, on the a P. R. B., snd on
the main county road, San Francisco and San
f«rn : in ? WUhin * **" feet of "» e el««ric-ro»d
t " rwill !nl.
This is a large and choice triangular business
corner; . would pay to build a rou3uou.se on 1™
m« V 8 .^ larg0 P assin S same; examine Itj
Seu : corner tri »ngular lot, 142x162x8$
LARGE MISSION RESIDENCE LOT.
North . line of Twenty-second street. 152:9 feet
east of Sanchez; Mission and Twenty-fourth 8 re«
electric; large building lot, 50:11x114.
SODTHSIDE-DOUBLE LOT.
t East . line of Eleventh avenue. 100 feet north of
J street ; double lot near Golden U*te Park ; il-street
dummy and Metropolitan electric; lot 50x120 feeL
FOR ACCOUNT WHOM IT MAY CON-
CERN.
North line of Greenwich street, 80 feet west of
Bro lerick: a largo, tine residence lot, all ready for
building; Union " street cable ; large lot, 51x80 and
tfu lees. .
ALSO......
Northwest corner of Rhode Island and Yoio
streets; lot all ready for buil.Ung ; streets bltumln-
lzed and sewered; Poirero-avenue road lot 50x75
ALSO
An undivided one-half Interest in about 13 acres
Pi!ii nt . ed in orange trees 4 years old, located In the
thriving town of Thermailto, near Orovllie, Butt*
County.
8S~ The above three propertlesr are sold for ac"
count whom it may concern, for cash, subject to
continuation.
EASTON, ELORIDGE & CO
638 Market st. Auction
PChlebectet's En = Diamond Krand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
HGT~V Original and Only Ceaolne. A.
£~tt flvA rc> • Jw »7« rellahlt. utoies uk «V '
rldlXjf^iM. Dr Irt for Chlchctert Bnalult DlaJ*^
tC^*^cC"ft nwn '' Brand la lied uiil Gold metal. ;c\\iCtr
a -OfflW»Mi, sealed with bint ribbon. Take VJf 1 1
TM v^ RJnu other. Rcfiut dangoroiu rubttif*. V I
I / fir liafu and imitation*. At Druggiju, or Mad 4«,
I* Jf « »Utop» for p»rtlci»l«rt, tntimenUla tad
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
gg/Mf m I to a d.jrs.^ Whites, unnatural dis!
IVf Ooarwiteed M irritation inUatuma.
9^|Prtwnu .onueion. tion of mncous rne^'
WJSItheEvansChemichCo. cranes. Non-astringent.
ld&CINCINNATI.O I SoId by Drnpcistc, *
BL. O. 8. a. 5 Pot sent in plain wripper
r m Circular seat «r. r .- r^-n*_IN OBJECT LESSON
III FREE SILVER
A Business Man From
Central America Tells
How It Works.
LOW WAGES.HIGH PRICES
Great Concentration of Wealth,
the Small Producer Merely
Existing.
A CONDITION TO BEWARE OF.
The Difference Between Gold and
Silver Values Constantly
Widsning.
Judge Charles T. Manning, formerly a
business man of Washington, now at the
head of a bit; coffee-growing syndicate of
Nicaragua, is stopping at the Palace.
Judge Manning has been on a six months'
visit to the "States." He spent a month
touring through Indiana, telling the
people of that State some of the beauties
of free silver as he saw them in operation
•luring four years past thai he has spent
in the Central American States.
"Central America," said Judge Man
ning, "is an agricultural country. What
the planter needs other than that which
he eets directly through the cultivation of
the soil is imported from the United
States, England or Europe. The mer
chant, in purchasing his stocks of cloth
ing, tools, implements and provisions,
pays for bis goods ia the money of the
country from which his shipments are
made. In 1888 he paid for an account of
$100 United States or European money
$118 of the money circulating in Central
America. In 1892, to settle a bill for $100
United States or European money he was
obliged to pay $152 in Central American
money, and on the 1st of August of this
year to pay a debt ol S100 in the United
States or England or Europe the merchant
of Central America was obliged to pay
$232 of the money paid to him for his
. goods by his customers.
"The silver coins of Peru, Chile, Colom
bia, Bolivia, Central American States and
. prosperous (?) Mexico circulate in Central
-. America, $1 of any of these countries be
ing worth as much as any one of them,
because the stamps of the governments do
not^id one particle to their value. They
' ' are worth tneir bullion value iess the cost
. • of transportation.
"These countries a few years ago had a
circulating system consisting of sold and
siJver, but to-day if you find a piece of
• gold bearing the stamp of any Central
American Government it will be in the
curiosity-seeker's collection.
"Nor is there now any gold in circula
tion in any country in the world where
the mints of such country are open to
the free and unlimited coinage of silver,
. • no matter what the ratio.
"Inl8SS. a^the- time when the difference
between the money of Central America
and the United States was only 18 per cent,
the farmer sold his corn for 50 cents per
bushel, beans $1 per bushel, beef steers for
$14 to $16 per head, cheese for 20 cents per
. round and rice for 6 cents per pound. To
day, with the moneys of the United States
.' and Europe at 182 per cent premium over
the money of his country, the Central
American farmer does not receive 1 cent
more per pound or bushel for any of his
products than be did when there was
practically no difference between the two
.moneys.
'•The laboring man's wages in Central
and South America have always been a
mere pittance; 30 to 50 cents per day in
•silver ruled as wages in 1880, and there
has been no increase since that time.
While the price of the laboring man's
s clothes, tools and implements have in
creased threefold, his earning power has
remained stationary. His money is cer
tainly the cheapest in tne world, but yet
he does not receive any nfore of it than he
did when its purchasing power, or its in
. trinsic value, was nearly two and a half
times what it is to-day. Neither is it any
: easier to get. His clothing that cost him
'. in 1888 $1, costs him to-day for the same
goods and in the same money $2 50 to $3.
■" The acceptance by his Government of the
• .conditions of the silver standard does not
■- <-eem to have added any great amount to
■ his prosperity, does it?
"Go into any country in the world
Where silver constitutes the chief money
and you will tind the greatest concentra
tion of weaitb, the most arrogant of gov
ernments, the small farmer and producer
struggling to eke out a mere existence, the
laborer poorly paid, ecantily clothed and
badly fed.
* "How long could any of our people live
as do the thousands of the people of those
countries whose food, morning, noon and
night, consists of ground cooked corn
mixed with water witnout even salt? And
yet you hear so much of prosperous Mex
■ ico, where these circumstances exist. The
prosperous people of these countries are
the large planters, the capitalist who
raises a product by the aid of the poorly
paid, badly clothed and fed laborer for
export to countries that have a sound
financial system, and whose people can
afford to pay him in the best dollars in {
the world for his product, and for which
dollar he can get more than $2 of his
country's money with which to pay his
labor. Let this great country of ours be
ware how it invites these grinding and
humiliating conditions."
CATHOLIC LECTURES.
'■ A Variety of Discourses on Timely
Topics to Be Given in Thit
City.
The various Catholic lectures at present
announced offer an opportunity for all
.. people interested in the themes selected to
attend a highly interesting course. A
variety of subjects has been taken up.
Next Monday evening Rev. P. C. Yorke
will discourse on "The Growth of the
Upas Tree," at Metropolitan Hall. This
will be under the auspices of the American
Women's Liberal League, and is the fifth
of the series given under the direction of
the league.
A series of three lectures will be given at
Metropolitan Temple for the benefit of the
Presentation Convent, Powell street. The
first lectura will be delivered by Eev. T.
Caraber, pastor of St. FranciB Church, on
Wednesday evening, October 21. His sub
ject will be "Dangers to the Republic."
On Thursday evening, October 29, the sec
ond lecture will be given by Rev. P. V.
Yorke, the title of which is "The Church
and Popular Education." The last lecture
of the series will be given by his Grace
Archbishop Riordan on November 26. He
will speak on "The Constitution of the
Church." The cost of season tickets for
this course is $1, single tickets 50 cents.
Father Yorke will speak in Mission Par
lor Hall Thursday evening, October 1, on
"What Catholics Do Not Believe." This
iiscourse is under th* auspices of the Cen
tral Lecture Bureau of the Young Men's
Institute. A short musical programme
£ilj precede the lecture. Admission will
be by invitation.
"The End of Controversy" [a the title of
$f pl ecture to be given by Rev. P. C.
Jorke in St. Francis Church, corner ol
vallejo street and Montgomery avenue,
Sunday evening October 11. The sale of
tickets up to the present bespeaks a large
the chur'n lec ture is for the beneht of
KNIGH1S OF TARA.
Iriih Nationalists to Hold a Grand Pa
triotic Celebration.
The Knights of Tara will hold a grand
patriotic celebration and picnic at Shell
Mound Park, Berkeley, next Sunday, Oc
tober 4. Their picnic will be in reality a
reunion of Irish nationalists, who will
turn out in large numbers, as half the
Proceeds of the celebration will be devoted
to the fund for the released Irish prison
era. '
A very well-selected programme of sports
has been arranged. This includes exactly
twenty events, each of a different nature
from the rest. Besides there will be
twenty-one valuable gate prizes as well as
the prizes for games.
John B. Cosgrove is chairman of the
general committee of arrangements, P. J.
McElroy of the cames committee, John
O. Kane will be floor manager, ana W.
Denipsey chairman of the reception com
mittee. One of the leading events will be
Irish jig and reel dancing for prizes, in
which ladies are to participate.
SUFFRAGE L C1URES.
Appointments of Some of tbe Speaker*
for the Ensuing Week.
Miss Susan B. Anthony and Mrs. Kate
Tupper-Galpin will address a parlor meet
ing at the residence of Miss Willman, in
Fruitvale, Tuesday afternoon, and an
other on Thursday at Mrs. Vrooman's in
Oakland, Mrs. Tupper-Galpin proceeding
alone to San Rafael, where she will speak
on Friday.
Miss Anna H. Shaw's appointments
are as follows: This afternoon at 3 o'clock
sne will speak before the Young Men's
Christian Association of this City; to-mor
row nignt, at Armory Hall, Alameda;
Tuesday at Calistoga; Wednesday at
Napa; Thursday night at 8:30 in the art
gallery of tne Mechanics' Pavilion, and
Friday night before the Starr King Frater
nity in the Unitarian Church of Oakland.
Mrs. Carrie Chapman-Catt is booked to
lecture to-morrow at Woodland, Tuesday
at Colusa, "Wednesday at Willows, Thurs
day at Redding, Friday at Red Bluff and
Saturday at Chico.
FOLEY IS NOW ACCUSED
Is Said to Have Accepted Money
From Two Walnut Grove
Chinese.
It Is Alleg d That He Failed to Re
port Numerous Seizures of
Unstamped Opium.
Rumor has it that there is about to be
another great shake-up in the Custom
house. The conviction of Dick Williams,
now serving a six-year sentence in San
Quentin for extortion, seems to have paved
the way for other investigations of a simi
lar character.
The all-absorbing topic of conversation
is the inquiry now being conducted by
Special Treasury Agent Moore against
Inspector John T. Foley and others.
Strange as it may seem, the information
which may be the means of getting Foley
into no end of trouble came originally
from Mike Cleary, who resigned from the
service under presure some months ago.
It seems that Cleary told Charley Favor,
who is already under indictment, that be
(Cleary) knew of certain crooked work
that was being done by Foley. Favor re
ported the matter to the treasury agent,
with the result that a rieid investigation
was immediately instituted. It is now
common talk in Federal circles that two
Chinese of Walnut Grove have rnadeaHi
davit that Foley was paid the sum of $35
under the condition that he would not re
port a seizure of unstamped opium found
in their possession. Foley, it seems, did
not report the capture, out he did keep
the opium, which so aneered the Chinese
that they readily agreed to testify against
the inspector.
For several weeks past Special Agent
Jackson has been at Walnut Grove inves
tigating the affair, though he declines to
discuss the matter in any way. M;;jor
Moore is equally non-committal, refusing
to either deny or affirm that his assistant
has been so encaged. Foley, it may be
remarked, has hitherto borne an excellent
reputation and regarded as a very effi
cient officer. He strenuously denies that
be ever accepted a dollar from anv one
illegally.
A HOBSE DIES FROM GSIEF.
He « as Separated From HU Mat© and
Died In a Short Time.
The emotional life of a horse is remark
able. There are instances on record where
the death of the home has been traced
directly to grief. One instance is called to
mind which occurred more than twenty
years ago. A circus had^been performing
in the little town of Unionville, Pa., when
one of the trained horses sprained one of
his legs so that he could not travel. He
was taken to the hotel and put in a box
stall. The le? was bandaged and he was
made as comfortable as possible, runs an
account in the Kentucky Stock Farm.
He ate his food, and was apparently con
tented until about midnight, when the
circus began moving out of town. Then
he became restlesa and tramped ana
whined. As the caravan novel past the
hotel he seemed to realize that he was be-
I ing deserted, ana his anxiety and distress
became pitiful. He would stand with his
ears pricked in an attitude of intense list
ening, and then as bis ears caught the
sounds of the retiring wagons he would
rush, as best he could with his injured leg,
from one side of ttia stall to the other,
pushing at the door with his nose ana
making every effort to escape. The stable
man, who was a stranger to him. tried to
soothe him, but to no purpose. He would
not be comforted.
Long after ail sounds of the circus had
ceased his agitation continued. The sweat
poured from him in streams and he
quivered in every part of the body.
Finally the stableman went to the house,
woke up the proprietor and told him he
believed the horse would die if some of
tLe circus horses were not brought back to
keep him company. At about daylight
the proprietor mounted a horse and rode
aiter me circus. He overtook it ten or
twelve miles away, and the groom who
had had charge of the injured horse re
turned with him. When they reached the
stable the horse was dead.
The stableman said that he remained
for nearly an hour perfectly still and with
every sense apparently strained to the
utmost tension, and then, without making
a sign, fell and died with scarcely a
struggle. The veterinarian who was
called remarked after the circumstances
were told him that unquestionably the
horse died from grief. If it is possible for
all the mental faculties of the horse to be
come abandoned to grief to such an ex
tent as to cause death, how much more
does he appeal to tne sympathy and re
gard of mankind. %
The inhabitants of the earth numb»r
about 1,400,000,000; of these 45,000,000 die
every year — about one each second. Tbere
are 3061 languages;spoken, and there are
more than 1000 religions. The number of
men is about equal to the nurn ber of women
and th« average of life is about thirty-three
years.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
SI, ROSE OF LIMA
III COLORED GLASS
Beautiful Chancel Window
for Father Nugent's
Church.
LARGEST ON THE COAST.
It Will Be Mads in This City
by Local Artists and
Workmen.
FIFTEENTH CZNTUKY GOTHIC.
Very Feaut fui in Color and Refined
in Treatment of Glass and
Graceful F.gures.
The Rev. Father D. F. Nugent, pastor
of St. Rose's Church en Brannan street,
near Fourth, has made a contract for a
beautiful window for the chancel of his
Suggestive Sketch Illustrating: the Center Lancet of the Beautiful St.
Rose Window for the Sanctuary of St. Rose's Church on
Brannan Street.
[Drawn by a "Call" artitt from the original by Thomas C. Bittlerworth,]
new church. After considering sketches
and various propositions from European
window manufacturers, he decided to have
the work done at home, feeling satisfied
that local talent bad produced the most
artistic conception of the window. The
making of the window has already begun,
and it will not be long until the grandest
window in California will be erected im
mediately behind the high altar of St.
Rose's.
The sanctuary window for St. Rose's
Church will be, when completed, the
largest of its kind west of the Rocky
Mountains, the next in size being the
sanctuary window in the cathedral at
Sacramento, and following this, the tran-
Bcept windows in St. Francis de Sales
Church in Oakland. The building of St.
Rose's church is a beautiful and impressive
example of Gothic architecture, and tho
principal outlines of the window conform
accurately to this style, dividing the
winaow into one laree center lan
cet seven feet wide and twenty-four
feet high; the two side lights four feet six
inches wide and twenty-two feet high.
The upper portion of the window frames
itself into an intricacy of lines composing
the tracery, the large quarterfoil over the
center lancet beine seven feet in diameter,
and those above the side lancets four feet
six inches in diameter. This, with the
necessary small angular corners, forms the
tracery and becomes a pleasing finish to
this graud window.
The treatment of the glass is considered
to be the very best example of its kind
either imported to or manufactured in this
country. Of this the accompanying sketch,
by Thomas C. Butterworth, is an intelli
gent illustration of the middle lancet. The
principal figure contained in the center
lancet represents an original full life-sized
figure of St. Rose of Lima, the first canon
ized saint of the New World, standing as
she does in the midst of a garden of roses,
with arms extended, listening to the voice
of our Lord, who eays, "ily cross was
more gainful."
St. Rose is clothed in the correct Domin
ican drapery, in which order she enrolled
herself. Upon her head rests a crown of
roses, placed there by her mother, and,
immediately above, a halo, which sur
rounds the entire figure with a soft, mel
low light. The manner in which the
golden tints of the halo blend themselves
into the stronger tints of the sky and
landscape are truly marvelous. Above the
figure appear two angels holding back the
drapery which discloses to view the main
figure and foreground. In the gospel
lancet is portrayed a beautiful life-size
figure of an angel in an attitude of adora
tion, and in the epistle lancet appears the
Angel of Peace holding in her hand the
emblem of her mission — a palm branch.
The large quarterfoil above the center
lancet contains a representation of the
sacred heart of Jesus, surrounded in a
conventional way witli festoons of roses;
and the two small quarterfoils above the
two side lancets contain the figures of two
adoring angels in miniature.
The ornamentation surrounding the
figures and subject of the entire window
is treated in the style of the fifteenth
century or perpendicular of Gothic archi
tecture. The intricate detail of the work
done in this period, showing in its con
struction the innumerable number of pin
nacles, cusps and .niches, reflects great
credit on the artist and conveys to the
mind of the observer his thorough famil
iarty with the subject under treatment.
The general color scheme of the entire
window is very rich, but tbe manner in
which the deep shades of ruby and blue
blend and adapt themselves with the
softer tones of the draperies and the
evening twilight impresses one with the
fact that talent at home should not only
receive consideration, but is in every way
qualified to execute works of this kind far
more satisfactory and better suited to the
artistic taste and fancy of Californians
than others less familiar witn the sur
roundings and requirements of the Pacific
Coast.
Millet 1 1-Hacon Concert.
There was a good attendance at the first en
semble concert given yesterday afternoon at
the Association Auditorium by Miss Alice
Bacon and Giulio Minetti. The following pro
gramme was well executed : A. Bazzini— String
quartet in E fiat, op. 76 (first time), molto sos
tenuto. allegro vivo, minuetto allegro giusto,
andante quasi allegretto, finale vivaclssimo,
the Minetti quartet; G. Meyerbeer — "Airi
cana," (Figlia del Re), £■ J. Stark; Schumann-
Klrcbner — "ichGrolle Nicht"; Chopin — Polo
naise In C minor, Miss A. Bacon ; Oliver King,
"Ibrtifel," E. J. Stark; A. Dvorak— Piano quin
tet in A major, op. 81, allegro ma non tanto,
dumka andante cou moio, scherzo molto
vivace, finale allegro, Miss Bacon, Messrs.
Minetti, Josephs, Verona and Von der Mehden.
INCENSED AT BBQDER1CK
City Hall Employes Are Sharp
ening Their Knives for
Him.
The County Clerk and Sheriff May
Sus Out a Writ of Man
damus.
Auditor Broderick's intimation that he
may refuse to audit the salary warrants of
the deputies in the Sheriff's and County
Clerk's offices, becanse be believes that
under the recent decision of the Supreme
Court these officials must pay their help
out of their own salaries, has created no
little excitement in the City Hall, and the
quiet tip comes from many quarters that
Mr. Broderlck has put his political "foot
in it," in addition to driving numerous
nails in his political coffin.
To those who are familiar with the
workings of these two important offices
and realize the disastrous consequences
that would follow should any court sus
tain tne Auditor, th« lulicrons position in
which Mr. Broderick has placed himself
is at once apparent. No one supposes for
an instant that either County Clerk Curry
or Sheriff Whelan could pay enough depu
ties out of their aggregate salaries of
$10,000 per year to keep their departments
open, and the closing: of these offices
would mean absolute chaos at the City
Hall.
Of coarse no one believes that either
Mr. Carry or Mr. Whelan intends to
allow Mr. Broderick to dictate the entire
workings of the City government for
political or other reason. If when the
time comes be refuses to sign the warrants
they send him a writ or mandamus will be
sued out and Mr. Broderick will be com
pelled to sign whether he cares to or not.
As a consequence of his action Mr.
BroderiCk has created an opposition to his
aspirations for prolonged municipal
honors that may be an important factor
at the coming election, when he will ap
pear as a candidate for the position he
now holds.
The politicians who hold salaried posi
tions in the offices affected by his action
are openly declaring that he will have
cause to remember them on election day,
and that his intended stoppage of salaries
will cost him from 5000 to 7500 votes
through their influence.
Business men, too, are also beginning to
view the situation with alarm, and to
wonder whether it will be profitable to
continue in power a man who by one
single blunder might paralyze the entire
City government and place it in a posi
tion where only months of hard work
could untangle the condition into which
it would be thrown.
THE PNEUMATIC TIEE.
Said to Have Been In Use In England as
Early as 1846.
Most people are probably aware, says
Engineering, that Mr. Dunlop was antici
pated in his invention of the pneumatic
tire by a William Thompson, who took
out a patent for the device about 1846.
The curious thing, and one which is less
generally known, is that, the invention
was very thoroughly tested and shown to
have great advantages, so far as the re
duction of tractive resistance is concerned,
over the tires ordinarily in use. Thus, In
the Mechanics' Magazine of March 27,
1847, an account is given of a number of
experiments made in the presence of the
editor of that journal, which conclusively
showed the superiority of the pneumatic
system. A car fitted with the pneumatic
wheels was drawn over a length of road in
Regent's Park, half of the distance passed
over being firm and smooth and the
remainder covered with newly broken
stone.
The tractive resistance on the smooth
portion of the road was 28 pounds with
the pneumatic wheels and 45 pounds with
ordinary wheels. On the newly macad
amized portion of the road the pneumatic
wheels showed a tractive resistance of
38*4 pounds and the ordinary tires one of
120 pounds. It was also shown that the
wheels stood wear very well, as the car
with which the experiments were made
had been driven more than 1200 miles over
every kind of road, the wheels remaining
in excellent condition. These wheels had
an inner tube of soft rubber ana an outer
one of leather to take the wear; but in
1849 the leather was replaced Dy rubber,
which was thickened on the tread, giving
a tire apparently identical in all essen
tials with those in use to-day. It is most
remarkable that an invention so thor
oughly tested and shown to have such
advantages as this should have been al
lowed to lie absolutely dormant for bo
many years. The very existence of the
patent seems to have Deen forgotten till
tne reinvention of the device by Mr.
Dunlop.
'VThv She Disliked Steamboat*.
The wife of a physician who lives in
Fourteenth street tells a story of a distant
kinswoman of hers who was her guest
during the Christian Endeavor coiiyen-
tiou. The kinswoman lives in an inland
New England town, and when she came
to Washington she spent one night of the
journey on board a steamboat. It was the
first time she had ever traveled by water.
She reached Washington extremely fa
tigued. The doctor's wife remarked it.
"Yes, I'm tired to death," said the kins
woman. "I don't know as I care to travel
by water again. I read the card in my
stateroom about how to put the life-pre
server on, and I thougnt 1 understood it,
but I guess I didn't, though. Some way,
I couldn't seem to go to sleep with the
thing on.''
The Poor Romans.
"It is wonderful," said young Mrs. Tor
kins, "to think of the progress the world
has made."
"Yes," said her husband, "one can't
help seeing evidences of progress every
where. If you walk out on'the streets you
see electric cars and electric lights everv
wnere."
"Yes, whenever I see an electric light I
do feel so sorry tor the poor Romans.
Eow they ever managed to read anything
by the light of those spluttery Roman can
dles is more than I can imagine."—Wash
ington Star,
A strange custom prevailed among the
ancient Egyptians. When a cat died, the
owner of tne house shaved off his eye
brows, but when a dog died he shaved his
entire head.
NEW TO-SAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
twam
w?. PILLS *®
For Bilious and Nervous dlsorders,such as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach, Sick Headache, Giddi-
ness, Fullness and Swelling alter meals. Dizzi-
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, Flushings of
Beat, Loss of. Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
Uveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
ling Sensations, 4c, when these symptoms are
caused by constipation, as most of them are.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECHAItt'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females to complete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or Irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work won.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening tho
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
tite, and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated Is that Keecham's Pills have the
Largest Sale of eny Patent Medicine
In the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
S5c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by TJ. 0.
Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 805 Canal St., New
lork, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book
tree upon application.
*: ■ *
f MEDICAL AND SURGICAL OFFICES f
r: or — 4
{ DOCTOR COOK. }
*£? This noted specialist, permanently estab- .&»
J£l lished in San Francisco, is more thoroughly /5»
~. equipped and better prepared for the practice 1?^
J; of his profession than any other physician in '^
"I* the West. -^
J&v Doctor Cook corrects the errors of youth and .»3»
]£ removes their evil effects from men of all *5"
*^' r ages— frees them forever from the miseries of vi*
«§£ Lost or Failing Manhooa, Impotency, Vital .£2»
jk Losses, Weakening Dreams, Sleeplessness,
& Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfulness, Despond- *5T
ency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition and similar -^
symptoms of physical, mental and sexual /g^
~£ weakness, unfitting them for study, business '**
*^ or marriage. -^
•^,'v Doctor Cook also cures Gonorrhea, Gleet,
•* Stricture, Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other
•?■ Sexual Diseases. Deformities or Disabilities.
■^•r Chronic Catarrh and ailments of the Eye, ■&»
♦% Ear, Nose and Throat scientifically treated >»
& and promptly cured. ' ' «/ ' - : >. ■ *.t
Also functional diseases of the Heart, "J^
«SCl Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder and i2»
jb Urinary Organs.
T? Blood and Skin Diseases and Piles, Fistula
-^;- and Rupture a lifelong study and practice. ■&»
t^ Careful attention given ; to the many dis- *»
tressing ailments peculiar to women. "*ST
■^4 Cases UDon which other doctors hava ex- •£?►
i, perlmented and failed especially invited. /*
t^ Perfect cures guaranteed. ?£
"^ , If you cannot call upon the doctor describe '^
your troubles to him by letter, as his system of ,^L
i^ home treatment by mail is absolutely perfect
»T and always satisfactory to patients living at a "vST
-^ distance. Office hours : 9 to 12 A. M., 2 to 5 -5^
_y. and 7 to 8 P.M. Sundays, from 10 to 12 A. M.
Jg only. Address "vST
DOCTOR COOK, &
*£ 865 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. "^
•^ (Opposite Baldwin Hotel). ■&■
* : :•••' ¥
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. . PHILLIPS. ■ ATTOJINKT-AT-
V Law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
alt* Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence 1029 *
Fell street. Xelepbont " Fine " 2691.
SOLE AGENTS PACIFIC COAST
COLUMBIA KID GLOVE
Comes In all the New and De-
sirable Shades. Every pair
fitted and guaranteed.
Best $1 Glove £ World
DRESSGOODS!
(Market-Street Store Only).
We offer some very season'
able goods at special prices foi
this week. It will pay you to
examine them.
$2.45 a Suit.
' A full dress pattern of French Brocaj
teJle, in seven different colorings; verj
pretty iridescent effects; large scroll
patterns; pure wool and mohair; 41
inches wide.
I $3.50 a Suit.
A full dress pattern of Silk Mixed
Novelty Suiting, in 25 different colon
ings; all the new Fall shades, com'
bined with black; warranted silk and
wool; 40 inches wide.
$5.00 a Suit.
. A full dress pattern of Curly Boucl«
Suiting, in red, Dinette, myrtle, brown,
slate and other stylish colorings, with
rough black curly effects; strictly all
wool; 54 inches wide.
$7.00 a Suit. .,
A full dress pattern of Broche Bou«
rette, in any of the latest colorings,
combined with large black raised fig*
ures in rough effects; something verj
stylish; warranted all wool; 45 inchej
wide.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
50 pieces Granite Cheviots, in all new
, colorings; black 2-toned effects; 41
inches wide; for this 25c a Yard
week only «yvd J. til U
Stamping free of charge on
all materials purchased in
our stores.
IO7-IO9 POST STREET
AND
I 220- I 222- I 224 MARKET ST.
jjf^DEWEY&COygS^
K , fi PA7ENTSt 3
V£^2Q MARKET ar.«NgSfi/
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call-
Flo Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night la the yew. ••'
BRANCH OFFICES— 680 Montgomery •treat,
corner Clay; open until 8:80 o'clock. .
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock. !
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
8\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* ape*
Dntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open nntfl 9:30 o'clock
church notices.
p^p~FIKST~C^U^C^Trp^C^RlsTriciil?n
m<£? tlst— Services at 11 a. m. In Beethoven Hall,
836 Post Bt.. cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. Subject: "Review."
"Science and Health" study Thursday, at 8 p. m.,
in Mystic Hall, Red Men's building, 320 Post
ttreeu All are welcome.
KT^r- METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, FIFTH
B— 5T street, the People's Cr.urch — Sunday
night. Musical selections commence at 7:30.
Sreat organ by James Hamilton Howe- Solos by
Senora Ani a Grant. Miss Ella Ellis and Miss
Maude Noble. "Home, Sweet Home," "Wander-
ins Bov," "iost Chord." etc Minuter, Rev. Dr.
W. L. Birch (Congregational), honorary life mem-
ber Federated Trades Council, and called In Eng-
land and Australasia "friend of the friend
• ••chaplain of labor," '-comforter of the afflicted."
A welcome an-: hymn pap rs for all. Come at
•7:80 to hear the gra^d organ breathe sweetness
ind joy. All seats free.
m^S' TRINITY CHURCH, CORNER BUsH
Jt^ and Gough sts. — Rev. oeorge Edwnrd
Walk, rector. The seventeenth Sunday after
Trinity. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. _. Trinity
Class Club meets at 9:45 in the guild rooms. Morn-
Ing prayer at 11 o'clock, with sermon by the
Right Rev. Joseph H. Johnson, D.D., Bishop of
Los Angeles. Evening prayer and sermon at 7 :45
o'clock. All are welcome.
(t^5= CHURCH ■ F THE ADVENT (EPIS-
*£<$' copal), Eleventh St., near Market— Rev. J.
A. 1- mery, rector Rev. H. B. Monies, assistant.
Holy communion at 7 A. it. Mornin • prayer at 11;
preacher, the Bishop of New Mexico. Evening
prayer at 7:45; choral: preacher, the Rev. J. A.
Emery. All the public invited.
F=55= FIR"ST CHRISTIAN* CHURCH,
t£ : -£' Twelfth st, bet. Mission and Howard-
Pastor, Kev. Frank S. Fold. Musical director,
Mr*. Ella Jacobs. Pleaching 11 a. — . by Rev. T.
D. Garvin ; subject, "Seven Years' Gospel Work
In California and the sandwich Islands'; 7:45
p. m., preaching by the pastor; subject, "Sal- j
vation Manifest." Bapt stual service at close of j
evening service. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. it Y.
P. S. C. K., b:30P. m. Seats free. All welcome.
15^35= THE FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH.
ISj*^ SW. corner Geary and Franklin streets.
Rev. Dr. Siebbtns. minister. The suoday-scuool
Is at 9:45. '1 be morning service is at 11 o'clock.
All are cordially Invited. The evening service is
omitted.
B_Sr* THE SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH,
SS ; - Twentieth and Capp sis.— A. J. Wells, pas-
tor. Mr. Wells wil. preach at 11 a. m on "Things
Left Behind." The subject of the evening lecture
will be, "Wendell Phillips," and will illustrate
"Conscience In the Citizen." Dr. Danziger's Bible
class at 7 P. it sharp. Sunday-school at 9:45
a. it Unity Club Tuesday evening. Paper on
■Dante. Seats are free. Pastor's residence, 20
Liberty si.
H_S*- FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
IS^iS' SE. cor. Post and Mason sts.— Rev. George
C. Adams, D.D., of 8.. Louis will preach morn
and evening. Morning service, 11 o'clock: theme,
"Blessed Are They 1 hat Mourn." Evening ser-
vice, 7:30o'c1ock; theme, "Ye Are the Light of the
Wond." Sunday-school at 12:45 p. it Young
People's society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30
p. it Wednesday evening prayer-meeting at
7:30. Samuel D. Mayer, organist and musical
director. Keceptlon to Dr. Adams in the church
parlors Monday evening at 8 o'clock. All mem-
bers 01 the church and congregation are invited to
be present.
EKS* CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
m*& corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. Dr.
Hemphill, D.D., pastor. The Rev. Arthur
Crosby will preach at 11 a. it, subject, -a he
Church and Education." Evening service at 7:4j.
The following mu ic w.ll be rendered at these ser-
vices: "Te lJeum" in B flat, by W. Keed; offer-
tory, soprano solo, by Mrs. Priest-Fine, 'Save
Me, O God" (Kandegi;er): "Jubilate Deo" in D, by
rrisli offertory, bass solo and quartet, "sun of
My Soul," by Gould. All i.re cordially invited.
R^3?» TRINITY PRESBYT-RI AN CHURCH,
tS^S 1 cor. Capp and Twenty-third sts.— Rev. T.
Chalmers Kaaton, D.D., will preach in .he morning
at 11 o'clock and in the evening at 7:45.
g°^S* PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL
15-^ Church, Post st, bet. Buchanan and Web-
ster.— Professor K. R. Lloyd will conduct the ser-
vices at 11 a. it and at 7:45 p. it Sunday-
schools at 9:30 a. — . aad 12:30 p. it Christian
Endeavor meets at 6:54 p.m. Meeting Wednes-
day evening at 7:45.
f^3= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
ifr—^ Fifteenth st., near Mission— Rev. William
Itader. pastor, services at 11 a. _.; subject,
"The Sympa.hy of Jesus." Services at 7:30 p. it;
subject, -'Socrates, the Good Man In the Wicked
City." The first in Sunday evening series on the
great masters. Music under direction of William
C. StaiHiela. All are cordially invited.
Kt.^-- FlltST BAPTIST CHURCH, EDDY ST..
»— near Jones— Kev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday, September 27, 1896. Preach-
ing by the pastor at IX a. 11.: subject, "Stew-
ardship." and at 7:30 P. _.; toj-ic, "The Win-
some Christ." Sunday-school at 12:30 P. it Y.
P. S. of C. E. at 6:30 P. it Prayer - meeting
each Wednesday evening, at 8 o'clock. All
these service- are open to the public. Strangers are
especially welcome. . ,
IK~§= FInST ENGLISH LUTHERAN
W^P Church, on c.eary st, near Gongh— Rev. O.
H, Gruver, pastor. Services unday at 11 a. it
and 7:45 p.m. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. Y. P.
L. L. at 7 p. it Subject morning: "Alone With
God." Evening, a missionary service. Addresses
by Rev. E. Ucaugst, D.D., returned mistiouary
from India, and others. Good music, seats free.
All cordially welcomed. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day at 8 P. it
eSS= FIRsr NEW JERUSALEM CHURCH
VF-^ (Swedenborgian), O'lrarrell street, between
Webster and Fillmore. services at 11 a. m.
Kev. D. V. 1 oweu will preach. Subject, "Perfec-
tion." In the evening services will be held at
7 :45 in the parlors in the rear of the church. All
are cordially invited to attend. Seats free. Sabbath-
school a: 10 a. it
irgs 3 DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
_~»' Home College, 3860 Seventeenth st, beu
Mission and Valencia, at 2:30 P. m. Discourse by
M.K.Cramer; subject, "Why some Think hey
ila^e a Failure of Life.'-
EPr^g= CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
w-jS" ter-day taints. 909 Market si. Services, 11
a. it. 7:45 P m. Elder Henry s. Tanner, presi-
dent of the California Mormon Mission, will speak
at evening service; subject, "Mormonisma i-orce
Which Unites and Blends All- '1 ruth." All are
welcome. No collections.
SK^* ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM, COR
Hf—^ Masou and Ellis sts.— This (Sunday) after-
noon at 3 o'clock Miss Anna H. Shaw will address
a mass-meeting at the Association Auditorium.
The body of the halt reserved for men and the gal-
lery and balcony for ladles. Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper
will preside. Kev. George C. Adams will assist in
the service. 8. ats free and me public invit' d.
■t^~ BAN FRANCISCO THEOSOPH1CAL
*-" Society— Free public lecture every sun-
day event. at Golden Gate Hall, o25 Sutter si.
at 8 o'clock. To-night, "The Practical Man." by
J. H. Griffes. Branch meeting every Tuesday
evening at 8 o'clock, and Lotus Circle for children
Sundays at 11 a. m., at headquarters, room 11.
Flood building. Public invited.
t£-g= THE THJSOSOPHICAL SOCIETY—
t»—^ Free pnollc lectures this Sunday evening
at 7 -.45, in Portala Hall, Native Sons' building 414
Mason st. To-night, "The Psychic Problem:
Its Ti eosophical and Phenomenal Aspects." by
W. J. Coivi . . . ■ ' /
SUNDAY MEETINGS. "
KjS» OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY
» -*' holds no meeting to night, but will hold one
of extraordinary Interest to-morrow (Monday) at
8 p. M., Fraternal Hall, Washington st. Mrs.
Maude Freitag, the phenomenal clairaudient, will
give genuine and wonderful manifestations. The
presence of newspaper and professional men,
Christians, skeptics, scien.istu, teachers and
students of Psychology are especially desired. Is
it the work of spirits, mind-reading, thought trans-
ference, or what? Admission 26 cents. - V .
PCS' CALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUAL
&— S' Association. Golden Gate Hall, Sutter st
bet. Mason and Taylor— Sunday, September 27
at 2 p it. Mrs. Maud L. * relax, the skeptic-con-
founding ba lot test medium, gives full names of
your so-called dead friends. At 7:30 p. M. Presi-
dent Barrett will de iver a short address and Mrs
Freitag will close her enragement with this so-
ciety. Music by Mme. Waltz, Mrs. mma Sher.
wood and Professor Whltelaw. Admission 10c.
|^S= AT 997 MARKET ST., "FIRST PRO
m*** gressive spiritual Church": 11 a. it , test
developing circle. Katie Heusmann and others-
2 p. it, flowers, articles read, Mrs. Dunham
Warren, Mr. Hansen: 7:30 p. it, tests, Mrs.
Hariana, McKee, Warren and others.
IKS* ANCHOR HALL— W. J. COLVILLE
**-*>■ conducts harvest tlval service, 997 Mar-
ket St.. 10:30 a. M.."The New Jerusalem— a Pattern
of the Ideal state of Humanity." Lectures dur-
ing week— Mon. . Wed. and Fri.. 3 p. m • Tues
Thnrs. and Sat. 8 P. it Three lectures 60c. +,
*££'. A1 L I i K - KIN-KS 1 SPIRITUAL MEET-
*-& Ing 909 market st., 11 a. _.", 2 and 8 P. M
circles and platform tests: Mmes. Seeley. Dunham.
B o& ?? , Kotter , Flx: *• ■*- Stitt'a; Dr., omS 1
1236 Market st, 10 to 7 p. M.. box 8.
f&&* GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
&-*" rapoitan . emple, Sunday, September 27
3 p. H. Address by T. C. Ryan. Subject: "A Ko^
manned Protestanlsm: What Shall Be the Rem-
edy?" Admission free. ■
mP^E* PROFESSOR W. W. TATUM. THE D18-
«**-*^ tlDEnished clairvoyant, test and slate-writ-
ing medium, will give a lecture, to be followed by
his verv remarkable clear-cut tests, at 7-30 p v
334 O'Farrellst ■ J "■'
§Kjg» JOHN SLATER RETURNED FROM
«*-■*' Europe; will hold grand test seance this
evening, 8 o'clock sharp; Washington Hall 35
Eddy su : admission 16 cents. .
IPS* MRS. LOGAN'S FREE PLATFORM"
»**■* campaign speeches from 11 to 4; Washing-
ton Hall, 35 Eddy st ; opened by Professor Love-
land, world-renowned.
R^gS 9 COPLKY METAPHYSICAL COLLEGE"-
™~-* s ;:eso eric science of health and healing-
divine service 3 P. K. 334 O'Farrell st ; F. J.
Miller, president
ttSg* TEST « IKCLE TO-NIGHT; ; IOC. MME.
l*- 5^ YOUNG, 606 McAllister st.; skeptics in-
vited. '^V$S$S_(^SSm$iSS^S_4E_jBfiBj38SBM4Bt_EttBf !
IjrTS" EDWARD K. EAKLJE'S GRAND TEST
»**' meeting to-night; Scottish Hail, Larkln st ,
SUNDAY MEETINGS— Continued.
■P-2K="~CH I L DRAIN'S liYCKPM AND FBEE
ut^ spiritual library at 909 Market St., 10:30
to 12: also benefit entertainment and dance next
Friday evening. '
■pip FRIENDSHIP HALL. 326 MCALLIS-
QrZ& ter—Free test meeting to-night, also Tuesday
evening, by Mrs. C. J. Meyer and others; all wel-
come.
WtnS= TEST MEETINGS 2 AND 8 P. M.; 10c.
Sf— 335 McAllister st: Stitt, Cemens; skep-
tics invited. '
jjFlg= MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, TRANCE
ur-iS? and test medium, gives sittings dally. 320
McAllister st
■tr3p™MRS. KATE HOSKINS. TRANCE ME
E»~^ dium; sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136
Oak SU ■ I ;
Bt55S> MOTHER SADIE; SEANCE 8 P. M.;
EE^ sittings daily. MRS. FULTON, 31 Fell st.
WPS* Ml & ISA JLLIKR. MATERIALIZING
»-* 9 seance to-night, 50c. 322 McAllister su
WE~3f= MRS. SHRINER, CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
m-^ 1 tests to all. 25c 311 Van Ness ave.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
H!_3S» YERBA BUENA LODGE .>...«■»,..
Wr-*? No. 15, I. O. O. -Officers and^f^^^
members will please assemble at our -3^*581^^
hall, THIS DAY (Sunday), Septenv-
ber 27, at 9:15 a. _ .. to attend the funeral of our
late brother, ABRAHAM D. SIMPSON.
■ VICTOR HOFFMAN, N. G.
A. D. Cheshire. Secretary.
_KS= A. O. U.. DIVISION 2.-MKM-ft>~w
m*& bers of this division who hove not vlTOS^f
yet settled for tickets of the Fourth of July %^\W
picnic are hereby notified to settle for thc-pf
same on or before next SUNDAY. . Ail'S^Hr
tickets no: settled for on that day will be chafed
as Indebtedness to members holding same. The
secret try will be in attendance at Hlbernfa Hall
on that day from 2 to 4 p. m. to receive money or
tickets. BAKTLY LEE, President.
John Kkxnt. Rec. Sec.
ITS' KNIGHTS OF TARA— THE COMMIT-
1*^*7 tee will meet at K. K. B. Hall, 2 o'clock
TO-DAY, to make final arrangements for Irish
Nationalist picnic at Shellmound Park next Sun-
day, October 4. Half proceeds for benefit of re-
leased political prisoners. '
CT_3p PACIFIC Hi BREW ORPHAN A8Y-
tS*£? lum and Home Society— The annual meet-
ing of the members of th.» society will be held'
SUNDAY, September 27. 1896. at, 2 P. it sharp,
at the asylum, corner Devisadero and Hayes sis.
The annual reports of thn officers will be submit-
ted and such other business transacted as will
come before the meeting. By order
LEO KLOEsSER, Secretary.
rS> ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY ASSUCI-
m*& ation— annual meeting of the lot-owners
of the Odd Fellows' Cemetery will be held on
MONDAY, September 28. 1&96, at 2 p. _., at the
office of the association. Point Lobos ave. By. or-
der of the trustees.
GEuRGE T. BOHE.N, President.
George FKN'i.iNCiTox reta y.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
l*^? WILLIAM T. WELFITT, JOHN McFAR-
LANE AND WM. DUDLEY CASTLE, all recently
of san Francisco, and any descendants or heirs-at-
law of HELEN Bi.aK "< nee SHERIDAN— mar-
ried in 1816) will hear something to their advan-
tage by addressing CORMAC _ DONOHOE, At-
torneys, 207 Battery st., S. F.
fc_,i- BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4; •
»-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy st. room 6. TeL 6680.
fS 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
»-J=^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st
JJ_S= GAS FIXTURES-MADE TO OKD:R;
ft^* 7 cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
BCHMID'I'. 623 Golden <.ate ave.
SITUATIONS \» AN XED-iliJIAUl.
"VT UMBER OF "GERMAN AND SWEDISH
XI girls awaiting situations: cooks, chamber-
maids and girls for housework. MRS. Jtili.D,
721 Ellis st.
p ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
vT son St.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
RESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS. WOULD
like engagements by the day: city or country.
716 Larkin st.
G~ OOD GERMAN COOK WISHES SITUATION
VT in an American family; she is a good house-
keeper. Call 1712% Polk street.
Tj'XPERIENCED YOUNG GIRL 8TENOG-
X-J rapher desires position; moderate salary. Ad- ;
dress M. A., box 147, Call office.
yui:.\G WIDOW, RECENTLY FROM MAS-
X sachusetts, desires position as housekeeper.
1007 Marke st.
1) ELI ABLE PERSON WANTS WORK BY THE
-IV day or child's nurse. Address 815 .- utter st.
\\T ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED WIDOW WiSH-
<• es position as working housekeeper or nurse:
city or country; best of reference. MRS. T., 14a
Geary st .
WEDISH GIRL WISHES PLACE AS SEC-
ond girl or chamberwork in family. Call Mon-
day 1522 Bush st.
\t IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WANTS SITUA:
J-'A Mod to do housework; Is good cook and lauu'
dress; wages $15. Call or address 1008 Wash-
ington st.
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
•» terms 75c and car fare; city references. Ad-
dress C. it., box 138, Call.
ESPECTABLE, COMPETENT WOMAN
wants situation to do general housework in
American family ; good references. Address 1807
Mission st.
' ANTED- SITUATION BY KIKsT-CLASS
cook; city references. Address E. A., box
44, Call. ■
• L XPERIENCED NURSK WOULD GO OUT BY
J - the day or care for Infant from olrth: doctors'
references. 1*54 Howard st, near Ninth.
\\T A N T E D — POSITION AS WORKING
»* housekeeper by a reliable woman with daugh-
ter. Call or address 512 Mason st
RELIABLE YOUNG LADY WANTS SITUA-
tlon as first-class maker or second trimmer
in millinery-store: best of references. Address
B. Li., box 129, call.
STRONG YOUN • WOMAN WISHES WORK
0 by the day washing or housework. 713 Broad-
way, bet. Powell and Stockton sis., 1IRS.MAR1E.
YOUNG LADY WOULD ACT AS COM-
panlon to lady; no compensation wanted, only
the liberty of attending school. Address W. T.,
box 8, CalL
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN LADY
skilled in cooking, baking and in house and
needlework; long experience; best references.
Apply New Atlantic liotel, 207 Montgomery ave.
T7URST-<CLASS DRESSMAKER, 18 YEARS'
J experience, will work 3 days a week for room
and furnish machine. D. W., box 62, Call Office. I
RESSMAKER, CHILDREN AN ' BOY'S
c othlnsr, $1 a day and lunch. Address J., box
29, Call Office. .-
TRONG GERMAN GIRL WANTS WORK BY
the day, washing, ironing, house oroffice clean-
ing. Call or address B. M., 1055a Howard st
~\r OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
-L to do general housework' and plain cooking.
Call or address (Monday ) 1023 Guerrero st, bet
Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
WEDISH WOMAN WITH LITTLE GIRL
wishes situation to do cooking or housekeeping ;
city or country. Call 989 Howard tt.
REsSMAKKR, G >OD FITTER AND TRIM-
mer: sews 50 cents a day. G. F., box 94, Call.
I RE8SMAKKR, EXPERIENCED AND GOOD
• ' designer and perfect fitter, latest styles, would
like engagements by day. 1002 Polk st, cor. Geary.
TYLISH DRESSMAKER, GOOD FITTER,
wishes work at home on out terms; reason-
able. 804 Larkin st.
1 VANISH WOMAN WISHES SITUATION IN
XJ family as housekeeper or first-class cook
Please call at 4044 Twenty-sixth at.
OMAN WITH BOY 6 YEARS OLD, WANTS
housework by day, week or month; moderate
wages. Call or address 221 Minna st
GOuD RELIA DRESSMAKERS RECOM-
mended to families; $1 50, $2 and $2 50 per
dav, at. the McDO WELL Dressmaking school, 636
Market St., opposite Palace Hotel. .
OUNG LADY WISHES A FEW MORE
X puplU lu English branches and piano; would
accept position as governess. Address E. B., box
117, Call < fflce. :. ■
SITUATION BY A THOROUGHLY COMPE-
O tent woman at housekeeper. Call 1615 Market.
EXPEKIKNCED . STENOGRAPHER AND
typewriter, with ref rences, desires position;
wages no object Address 8. W.. box 138, Call.
pOMPKTKNT NURSE TO TAKE CARE OF
\J an In rant or children; best city references.
Address 403Va Grove st
"Y r OUNG SCANDINAVIAN WOMAN WOULD
X like work by the day; washing or cleaning;
references given. 634 Second st
OUNG GERMAN WOMAN. THOROUGHLY
-L competent: desired a position; management of
restaurant or boarding-house preferred. Address
B. P.. box 116, Call. A -, : " ; .
pOMPETENT. RESPECTABLE WOMAN
\J wants work by tne day; can do any kind of
housework. Call or address 414 Clementina st.
bet. Fifth and Sixth. .
VVOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE DAY,
»» washing, ironing or housecleaning. Apply in
basement. »29 ■ ayes st, near Flllmore.
EASTERN LADY" would like any kind
144 of v.ork by ihe day. Room 17, second floor '
144 Fifth st.
EL1ABLE WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION *
as working housekeeper; city or country or
do light housework. Call or address 17 Little Russ,
bell 4.
LDERLY WOMAN WISHES A PLACE IN A
small family; small wages. 216 Minna St.,
near Third. . *
COMPETENT AND RELIABLE WOMAN
J wants 1 situation to do <• general housework.
905*6 Powell st. '.. . . ....-; .
ELIABi.E WOMAN, WHO IS GOOD COOK
and housekeeper, wan is situation; no objec-
tion to conn ry. Address C H., box 133. Call.
C COMPETENT DRESSMAKER WISHES TO
\J go out by the day; $1 60. cal., In afternoon
220 Halgbt st. . \
SWEulSH GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day. ■ Address 715 Lou St., near McAllister.
r\ ERMAN GIRLAVISHEs SITUATION FOR
VJY housework a . d plain cooking. 31 Grant alley,
Sixteenth st, near Guerrero. ■ ■
~yt>UNG LADY WISHES WORK- AT HOME
X sewing and mending. Call at 116 Sixth st.
room 2.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
AMERICAN WOMAN, THOKOUGHLlT^&
- V liable, good housekeeper. na us work at once;
no objection to widower's family; wag. not less
than $15. Address C 11., box 76, Call Office.
1 ADY EMPLOYED DURING THE DAY DE-
J ■> sires to exchange shorthand instructions in
the evening for home. Address S. li., box 114,
Call Office. i ■ __^
YkJ ANTED— SITUATION TO DO HOl'SE-
»» work in city or country. 28% sixth st, room
12, upstairs
SITUATION WANTED BY A NEAT YOUNG
O Sweedlsh housework girl; $12 to $15 up. MISS
ALLEN, 3-3 suiter st
l\rOMAN FROM THE COUNTRY WANTS
i» work by the day; $1 25. 25 Polk st
KsPih.CTABLE WIDOW WITH LITTLE
girl 6 years old wishes a situation: is ."good
cook -. neat housekeeper. Call or address fur one
week 314 Thirteenth st .. ■> ..-; <
IRST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID AND SEAM-
r stress wishes work lorn 8 to 6. Apply 40
Borland St.; between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
OOD DRESSMAKER WISHES A FEW
more engagements by the day, or will take
work home. 1201 Bust st., cor. Hyde.
Y MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGH-
ter, in country hotel or mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. L. is., Lester House, cor Eighth
and Clay sts., Oakland.
rp \VO GOOD NORVVKGIAN GIRLS WANT
X general housewortc or chamberwork: first-class
cooks. German llouae, room 17, 8u8 Washington
st, Oakland.
\\J INCHES 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 10*6 per week; convenient and respectable;
Ire* bus and haggard to and from the tern-. .
SITUATIONS WANTKD-MAXE.
UNTER^A " cSTnESE ANlT^JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
SAM CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office. 511% Bush St., nr. Grant ave.
C~1H1N_SE AND JAPANESE RKLIABL-
Vhelp; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLK Y *CO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V office; best help. 414 O'fr'arrell; tel. K. 42&
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 814b Butter st. : teL Grant 30. .;*. ,
X\T ANTED— SITUATION AS SALESMAN OR
** MockKeepcr In a wholesale dry goods and
fancy goods house; best of references. Address
R. W., box 118. Call Office.
\\T ANTED— POSITION A3 SALESMAN OR
•» stockkeeper in wholesale or retail gents'
furnishing goods bouse; long experience and Al
references. Address P. L.. box 109, Call Office.
IVT ANTED — SITUATION AS ASSISTANT
»" bookkeeper, collector or general office work,
by a most faiiniulfind honest gentleman. Address
J. K., box 62, Call Office.
HANDY YOUNG MAN DESIRES WORK IN
restaurant; experience in waiting; pantry
work and part cooking. Address M. P., box 9,
this office.
XPERIENCED MINING MAN WISHES PO-
sition as foreman or overseer; best of reference
given. Address D. B., box 119, Call Office.
p ERMAN NOT AFRAID OF WORK WISHES
v.1 situation In a kitchen. Address 230 Pacific st.,
corner of Battery.
1DDLK-AGKD SCOTSMAN, UNIVERSITY
education, B. A., wants situation as professor,
teacher, tutor or secretary: will teach students or
scholars slow to learn; no liquor. Address S.,
box 91, Call Office.
EFINED MIDDLE- AGED MAN WOULD DO
light Indoor work part of day in return for
furnished room. Address M., box 42, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE WaNT SITUATION, MAN
take care of horses and garden, wife general
housework. Address M. G., box 125. Call Office.
VOUNG MAN IN HIliH STANDING DE-
X sires position in any honest work: reasonable
wages; best of references given. Address H. 8.,
box 127. Call Office. '
\\ ANTED— PRIVATE PLACE BY EXPERI-
" enced young man. hnndy with tools, horses,
cows, garden and general work; Is willing and ob-
liging; first-class references. Address T. H., box
20, Cull Ufflce.
PAPER-HANGER AND PAINTER, GOOD
X workman, wishes steady job at $2 day, or if
country $2 j mon h and board, fast worker; good
character. Address J. F., box 61, Call.
pARPENTER WANTS A JOB IN HOTEL OR
\J with a party having houses or blocks; can give
good reference; bonds if necessary. Address box
Z, Y. M. C. A., Oakland.
TNTKLL1GENT YOUNG MAN WANTS TO
X work 3 hours In morning; same in evening: for
room and board. Address R. F., box 72. tnis office.
OOD CARPENTER WAN 1 TO GO TO
the country; first-class work guaranteed.
MacDONALD, 1169 Folsom St.
PROFESSIONAL HORSE BREAKER AND
X trainer wants employment; best references fur-
nished. Address H. D., boc 123. call Office.
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH
or private place; no children; wife good plain
cook; man understands farming: handy with
tools and can milk. Call or address M. J. L., 242
Clementina st.
p ARDENER OF LONG EXPERIENCE
vJ wants situation in greenhouse, flower-garden,
landscape, budding, grafting, propagating, fruit,
vegetable; best references. Ada. W., box 41, Call.
1. Y FIRST-CLASS COOK, GERM AN, STEADY
• ' and sober, lu restaurant or coffee and lunch
bouse; best of recommendations; wages moder-
ate. Address P. C, box 70, this office.
POSITION — ANY KIND, BY RELIABLE
X man: 16 years In Pierce's storehouse, 736
Market C. B. MOORE, 230 Shotwell, city.
T?XPERIENCED PAINTER HAV.NG OUT-
lli fit, wants work. Address 2338 Dwightway,
Berkeley, Cal.
\U ANTED— SITUATION AS RANCH CAB-
" penter by a sober, industrious man. Ad-
dress S. S., box 92, this office.
VOUiNG MAN (2B), HIi.H-SCHOOL EDUCA
X tlon, wants strictly sedentary position. Ad-
dress H. S., box 99, Call. - .?.-. ; ...■
T APANESE INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73,
O St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st. tel. Main 6234.
VOUNG MAN (DANE) AND WIfE WISH
-1 situation on a private place or ranch: man
bandy with all kinds of tools and understands
care of horses and cows; good driver: wife is good
cook and housekeeper, willing and obliging; first-
class references. H. B., box 89, Call Office.
ENGiNEKR POSITION BY COMPETENT,
X- sober man. In any part of State; electrlc'light,
power generation or specially; references. Ad-
dress LOUIS B. GORDON, 627 Second st., San
Francisco. |
AN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH;
wife good plain cook, man handy with tools;
thoroughly understands raising chickens- Ad-
dress M. R., box 103, Call Office.
JAPANESE YOUNG MAN WISHES 8ITUA-
tlon as office or bell boy: can sneak English flu-
ently; stead v and reliable. Address GEORGE,
box 71, Call Office. -
YOUNG STEADY and experienced
X druggist, graduated, wishes position: relief
work only. .■ ddress Drugs, box 108, Call Office.
MKRICAN ... HEAD LAU N DRY MAN
wishes situation. Address D., Branch Call
Office, 118 Nlntn st.
XPERIENCED CHEESEMAKER;. MAKES
different kinds of cheese; also butter; can run
a separator, wishes a situation, city or country.
Address W. W.. box 150, Call Office.
\*," ANTED— BY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
" man, position In private family; thoroughly
understands care of hones,- also plain gardening.
A. G. S., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSB, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per. night: $160 to $6 per
v.eek: tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
VOUNG GENTLEMAN ATT NDING COL-
X lege seeics some employment for late afternoon
and evening, hours; best references; stationery,
drug and general experience. Address X., box
108, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In • every room- 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggage to end from the terry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
WOMAN COOK, $25 AND ROOM; WOMAN
cook, $8 a week; woman cook, $ 0 and room ;
head waitress. $25 and room: chambermaid and
wait some, $20 and room: waitress, city, $2 : ) and
room; lady to take charge of dressmaking parlors:
waitress who can speak French; woman cook for
10 boarders; ' housezlrl, . an Ness avenue, $20;
young girl San _eandro; girl Bartlett street. $20;
girl, Fair Oaks, $20: girl, Filbert $20: German
uursegirl, Haywards, $15; girl, Teh am a, $15;
second girl, $20: 13 housegtrls, $15: 9 housegirls,
$20: 17 young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month,
assist, etc., nice families: 7 small girls, $5. $6 and
$7 per month. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
\\r ANTED— THREE WAITRESSES FOR THE
.:»» country, $20: German or Swedish girl for
small family, no washing, $18. C. R. HANSEN
<fc CO.. 110 Geary si.
\\! ANTED— 26 TO 30 YEARS OLD FOR
'» general housework, American family of two
persons, short distance In the country and
fee paid by lady; Protestant preferred. C. R.
HANSEN CO., 110 Geary st.
\»/ ANTED— FOUR JANITKESSES, $30. C B.
. ' T. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
'ANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR FAMILY
of three. $26; Scotch girl for genera! house-
work, country, $25; German or Swedish girl for
country, *25. C. R. HaNSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
WO NU ses FOR hospital, $20. a R.
HANsEN — CO., 110 Geary st.
COOK. FEW BOARDERS. WINTER RESORT,
$26; waitresses, country hotels $25 and $18:
cook, plain hotel, near • Ity, $20; ranch cook, $20:
second girl, $15. MURRAY _ READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st :
VJEAT WOMAN, GKNERAL HOUSEWORK,
1 country, $20, fare paid; girl, 14 to 16 years of
age, to assist lady • country, good home, small
wages. MURRAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
COOK, SMaLI. BOARDING-H" Us.. $20; 50
J girls for different 'situations, private families
am hotels. .MURRAY _ itE ADY, Leading Em-
pi. y meot Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st
HOTEL LAUNDR SS, $20; WORKING
housekeeper. $12 50; housework, country.
$10. U. T. W B.D&CO., 610 Clay s.
6 GOOD GIKLS FOlfHOUSEWORK, $20: 8EC-
ondglrl, $25: second girl. $15, country. GER-
MAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 Mason St.
SMALL ; GIRL, GERMAN, WILLING AND .
obliging, take care of baby, 1043 Twentieth at.
BTEtP WANTED— Continued.
E rIvTaITor^SWKdTsH LAUNDRESS^ $30:
VJ cook, boarding-house, $26: 2 German second
girls. $20 and $26; a wait rt-sses. hotel, $.0: cook,
small hotel, country, $-0- Ansjels Camp. $15. and
other towns; 20 good housework girls, city, $12
to 825. Apply MISS CU » LKN, 323 Sntter st.
pHAMBKRMAID AND SEAMSTRESS, $25;
\J reference. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN NUKSK, 1 CHILD 5 YKARSOLD,
$20: reference. MISS CULLK \, 323 Sntter.
"VTURSKG1RL.SAN MATEO.812 T< i 815: REF-
Xl erence. MISS CULLEN, 323 butter su
OECOND GIRLTREFERKNCES. $25: 6 GIRLS
O for housework, $^0: German girl, 3 In family,
$15: call early. German Employment Office, 306
Mason st.
GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $8
_ to 810. Call to-day, 230% Oak at.
K"lND. ENEffGETlC WOMAN TO MEET IN-
vallds. Address E. I., box 89, Call.
ESSMAKER, FiRrsT-CLASS. ANSWER,
XJ with references. Address B. B., box 12. Call.
'ANTED— WOMAN FOR COUNTRY: GEN-
»» eral houework: German preferred; $12. W.,
box 22. Call. . ■ff-r : -
G~~IAL for Eight HOUSEWORK AND
cooking. Call after 9, 1918 Devlsadero st.
G"1 IRL UNDER 26; LIGHT HOUSKWORK: $8
T per month: 1 In family. KDW., box 15, CalL
WANTED— AN APPRENTICE. AT DRKaS-
»' making. Call Monday 1066 Market st.
woman, MIND children -and ASSIST:
'» small wages. 227 OaK st., downstairs |
VjIDDLE-AOED WOMAN FOR LIGHT
-"* housework and children. 1913 Larklnat.
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; GOOD
home; wages $6. 126 Eighth St.
anted— 2 LADIES OF good ADDRESS
,''» gents' white shirts. Apply Monday, 8
to 10, A. c. GREENFIELD * CO., 1016 Valencia.
A GOOD OPERATORS ON WHJTK SHIRTS.
A Apply Monday, 8 to 10 a m.. 1016 Valencia.
ADY PARTNER WITH $200 CASH; E.-TAB-
llshed business; must be honest aud reliable.
Address 1-Uaineas, box 16, Call.
W ANTED— PUPILS FOR BEST MILLINER
'» school In city; teacher of en years' experi-
ence; large class now forming for fall work; large
workroom; references given. 410 Leavenworth si.
If LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: BEST
X on the coast. 14 McAllister at., room 56.
T ADIES! LA DIES 1 LADIES! : ~"
XJ You need not wear ill-fliting and unbecoming
dresses; cutting, fitting, making and finishing
taught: only $1 per week: we Invite you all, and
especially young ladles, to call and see for your-
selves the great Inducement we offer our pupils;
we can positively guarantee our pupils work, po-ii-
tlons free; easy payments; unlimited lessons.
Now Is the time to enter the McDOWELL Dress-
niaking School, 636 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
WANTED-TEN LABELERS ON CANNED
»» fruits. Apply at FONT ANA & CO. corner
Taylor and Francisco sts.
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN COUNTRY.
Call 317 Oak at.
rnHOROUGHLY COMPETENT LADY FOR
X position of trust; must be over 25 and come
well recommen.ied. H. J. P.. box 162, Call Office.
"VTEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c.
i.^ McDuWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
ket st.
AIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell su, 106 9th.
AIRDRESsING. 25o AND 85c: MOKN1NO
and eve classes: 101egsons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
\l OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
>.TX Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
200 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
r -r w«»- f- ' rr -" 'him and i ay -.if 'ooni from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
90 woo^ c H^PP^R^.~$TA^O^r7r20DRTLL^
--V/ era and hammermen, near City; 20 Uemak-
ers, 8c each; 16 farmers, $20 to $23 : garden boy,
$16; 2 American farmers; tailor for a country
shop; ranch cook; 6 hotel cooks, 825, $30 to 560:
3 waiters, $30. MURRAY READY, Leading
Employment Atents. 634-636 Clay st.
C A GRAPEPICKERS FOR A BANKING
U\J company, $20 and found: 3 carpenter* for a
ranch: 6 miners, gold mine. MURRAY <&
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay st. ;-: r.i : ■•> ■?
\\T ANTED TO-DAY DAY)— COOK FOR
" 6 men on ranch, $20; see party here; office
open from 9to 10 a. it C. R. HANSEN- _ CO.,
110 Geary st.
VIKST-CLASSPXSTRY COOK AND BAKER,
r country hotel, $70 and found. C. R. HANSEN
A CO., 110 Geary gt. '
\\T ANTED TO-DA V (SUN DA Y)— MEAT AND
»» pastrycook, country hotel, $60: dishwasher,
Si. me place. $20: office open from 9 to 10 a. m. C.
R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary at.
\V A NT_D — MEN WISHING TO TAKE
»» civil service examinations, soon to occur in
Pan Francisco, for various Government positions,
to write for valuable information (free) ; write to-
day. U. S. .Bureau of Information, Cincinnati, O.
WANTED— AT ONCE FOR FALL TKADE
(our business Is best during hard times), ten
good salesmen: salary and commission. Interna-
tional Manufacturing Co.. Iowa City, Iowa.
NY ONE CAN MAKE 600 PKR CKNT
profit with the six valuable formulas which 1
send on receipt of 60c. A. ALDEN.143 East Flfty-
flfthat.. N. Y. • „■'.-■ ,
RE » SURER, CORPORATION, DEPOSITING
$3000; salary $3600. Secured, box 33, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, DEPOSITING $600, OB-
0 tains salary of $1200. Merchant, box 44, Call.
DOORKEEPER OF EXPERIENCE; STATE
XJ salary, references and competency. Corpora-
tion, box 22, Call Office.
ED— ACTIVE, INTELLIGENT MEN
to take orders for novel slot machine; $5 a
week and commission; must deposit $5 security
for sample machine- A. WILKIE, room 12, 320
Sansome st.
ur ANTED— BOYS TO SELL GUM; SPECIAL
" inducement. Call Monday, 139 First st
AILORS WANT_D AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
St., Mariner's Home.
"UlXl«ERIENCKD CUTTER OF LADIES' AND
XJ children's underwear, sacques, etc., who is
also a good business manager, can secure a good
situation aud a good salary. Apply at once to
U. S. Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker build-
ing. ■
ANTED-GOOD RESTAURANT WAITER
*» at 43 Second st.
-you find COFFEE JOHN'S NEW PLACE,
X 9 Stockton st., open day and night; prices are
the same as in the old, 613 Clay st.
TVSH washer wanted. 145 Taylor st.
AN TO WORK AROUND HOTEL- FOR
board and room. 419 Brannan at.
"WANTED— EDUCAT1SD YOUNG GERMAN
M to assist in teaching German and to .make
himself generally useful. Address W. I.e., box
6, Call Office, Oakland. "
NERGKT1C MAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
X- Oakland: good money and permanent for right
party. J. BK'i TS, room 10, Macdonough building,
Oakland: Monday. ' -
i) GOOD SHIKT SALESMEN. 8 TO 10 A. M,
-. Monday, 11)16 Valencia st.
OOD WAITER; CAL_ EARLY SUNDAY.
1191 Market st. -■■■:,.
O-CHA1R SHOP: DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
0 central: owner retiring from business. This
office. • v
AN WILLING TO WORK; MUST HAVE
$25. Address J., box 15, Call Office. ,
WANTKD— LADIES' TAILORS. M. J. KEL-
LKR Company, Oakland. .
AKBEKS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Asan. 8. FUCHs. 325 Grant ave.
OURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
eecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
1>ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
1 ARBER-SUOP AT A BARGAIN ; 2 CHAIRS:
1> 15c. 1310 Castro st., opposite carhonse. I
WANTED — SKAMAN AT THOMPSON'S
" Callrcrnla House, 103 Clark st. -
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
Dot less th*n 5 feet , 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special Inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at tha
Becrul Ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL
0* A 1* A N TS TO ORDER; LATKST STYLES.
<JP~r WERTHMAN Pants Ca. 22% Geary st.
GET A SHAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
r shop. 767 Howard st. •
XAT A N T r.D-AX IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
TT some almpie thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN _ CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and Hat of 200 Inventions wanted. -••'-.
WANTKD— MEN To Li.ARN BARBER
" trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent, a P. Barber School. 1518 Howard.
ANTED— 60 MKN FOR -SINGLE ROOMS;
tt $1 ween, 26c night. 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
M' N'S HALF-SOLING. 60c.; LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 6:i8 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Fluck'a.S.F-
ROOM* 16o iu76ci'hR NIGHT; 60o TU 60
per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm at.
1 ARGKSST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
J-J on hand: shoes to order, $3 50; hand-sewed
shoes, $5. 7'-'6y a Howard ■„. beu Third and r ourth
W INCHESTEKHOUSK, 44THIRDST..NEAR
»T Market; 200 room*. 25 cents a night: reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry..
KY acme HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., be-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night; $1 a week.
I 1NDELL HOUSE, SIXTH A.ND HOWARD
' ' sts.; single inmlaued run week. 16e night.
V. B;-RE.VOV_D FROM 609 CLAY TO ; 643
XJ. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
KMT IN CITY- -SING ■ K ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
irj$ C nts per n'«ht. •-. $1 25. 81 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldeadorg sts.
\\T ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15o A DAY; »i
tt »»eic; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a waolc;
rt-dlng-room: dally papers, HO Clay at. .. ■. ■ . .
W r ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
era_cler_ ox CoUoctloa Acer, 110 Sutler
HELP WANTED- Continued.
•VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION BET.
Xl 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 1 5c to
50c; week $1 to $2 60 room strictest atten-
Uon to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.'
.1 Mi MEM TO TAKE LODGING AT IOC, l»c
X My and 20c a niijhi. including coH«m anarolU
C24 Washington at., near Kearny.
\K: ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Roikin. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.: 160
largn rooms: 25c per nigh : $1 to $3 per wee*.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES — WE REPAIR
' » shoes up to 12 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nig it while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c; men's
soling, 50c: fine shoes made to order rom 82 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
$2 uO. r. 6-' Mission St., bet. First and Serond.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS; .'BRYAN, WALL AN I. FREE
Silver"; "McKinley, Hobart and Protection":
every voter will buy one or the other. Do you
want the profit? F. PKRSON. Mgr. subscription
department. THE WHITAKER <fe RAY CO.,
728 Market st.
rpHIS IS THE TIME TO MAKE MONEY;
-I agents' sales unprecedented: aluminum novel-
ties: the latest things; easy to clear $10 per day.
ALUMINUM NOVELTY CO., 110 Sutter st.
OUR LATEST "BABY CARD~MACH INK" IS
the neatest, lightest (8 lbs.), best-paying slot
machine ever made: write for explanation. LEO
CANDA COMPANY, Cincinnati, Ohio.
A GENTs— BIG MONEY FOR YOU; "TOBOG-
-ca- gan Slide," just out; sells to saloons, grocery,
cigar stores, etc.: can make $500 per month easy.
Modern Novelty Co., 61 Laflin st., Chicago, 111.
T ADY SOLICITOR FOR REAL ESTATE;
£v Hi \ pa 7 8alar y nd Stood commission. 468
Ninth st., Oakland.
OCAL AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE
at -NEPHaUs _ CO.'S, 116 Kearny at.
INTELLIGENT BOOK CANVASSERS.
-I Standard Dictionary Agency. 93:1 Market st.
SEEDS' POPULAR WATKR FILTER: $1 60
will start you. BRICK «fe CO., 719 Market st.
AGENTS - "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
lie century: apply at once for choice of territory.
£. PERSON. Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER A RAY CO., 723 Market St.
houses T~wante1o~
A NTED^SM A XL "hC^USE^^^FLAT WITH
»» 2 or 3 bedrooms and servant's room, well fur-
nished except table and bed liaen and blankets,
for 4 months from November 1; rent not more
than *45 per month; north of California st. and
west of Van Ness ave. Address D. E. R., P. O.
box 2328.
r>Y MAN AND WIFE— S-ROOM! FLAT OR
J-> cottage; limit $12. G., box 4. Call Office.
WE WANT tOME CHOICE COTTAGES,
houses and flats immediately to fill the de-
mands • f our clients settling for th ■ winter. a. J.
RICH &CO., Re»l Estate Agen a. 112 Montgomery
BOARDING "WANTED.
A^N~A3fD~ > wTFE~wTfH^7^FXSr!T r WI§ll
J.TJ. board and lodging in private family; north of
Market; reasonable. Address with terms, K. U.,
box 14, Call Office.
ANEO US.
\Y AN l^D^cTR?r7FTtr?fE~IN^Tn3^^OA"C
*' dealers' Union. . J. H. DUNCAN, 126 Kearny.
LD GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 1133^ Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry in A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.; Bend postal.
BICYCLES.
- R~rATN^T~cTSAW^3R^
0 830: Barnes, $55; Ben Hnr, Ladies', 860; Fow-
ler, $55; Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
IGH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEELS $25 UP;
XX sundries below cost. 2 16. McAllister.
r ERY FiNK '96 BICYCLE FOR 820. DAVID
V N. HAWLEY. 318 Market St.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _BT;
± beat accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo»
Alllsur and Powell at. mr Ilpt>s.
SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A SK FOR THE~$500" btAMOND'EARiTlNGS,
-fV price $250, at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant ave.
0NK SMALL MEDIUM AND AKOK SIZE
fir- and burglar-proof safe. 109-111 .larketst.
17INE BICYCLE — GOOD AS NEW; TER-
-T rlble cheap; cal Monday. 516 Geary st.
T71OR SALE— 1 GLASS SHOWCASE, 10x14
JO feet: suitable for millinery or Jewelry business.
138 and 140 Kills st.
6 -ARMED CRYSTAL CHANDELIER IN PER-
order at a sacrifice 321 Hyde at.
1 ood family cow: fine Durham
*J breed; very cheap. 152 Broad st., Ocean View.
ffl»')(r DOMESTIC J MACHINE; ALMOST
<jP-.i>. new; see this bargain. 2437 Mission st.
till f\ PORTABLE FORGE; COST $25. AP-
»}T)±U. ply H. HUFSCHMIDf, 623 Golden
Gate ave.
HU NTING"~8LObp f~20 FEET; 2 SKIFFS;
cabin for 8; cheap. 651 Bryant st. _^
Splkndid Oakland restaurant;
will take clear residence property; bargain.
Box 610, Oakland, Cal.
VOR >ALE— FUR X ITURE AND APPLI-
X* ances of small hospital. Apply 1620 Broadway.
T^OR SALE— BUFF «fe Bh RGER TRANSIT;
■i nearly new. EDWARD, 530 California si.
\TEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
1> W. a KAY MFG. CO., 12 California st.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, 8HELV
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 mission, nr. 7th.
CIO* FEE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRK8S
/ stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A.NDRAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. CaL Rattan Co., 61 First su,
near Mission.
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPkWRITER,
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 CaL
TOILERS, ENGINES.2D-HANDMACHINERY.
Xi waterptpes. Mclntoah & Wolpman, 137 Beala.
G'\ O T K 8, SHELVING, . bHOWCA -Ed
/bars bough <fc sold. 1121% Markt.bet 7th A 8th
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing; open
evenings. 8. P. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
*>) HORSEPOWER GAS OR. GASOLINE EN-
-j glne; good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay at.
U 1 LDI BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHKd
door*, manto'i. etc.. Tor »rI». • 116B Mliislon.
SEWING aiACJlUNES.
ffl>Q LATESt'TmPROVED NICK^L^PLATED
<ipo. with automatic bobbin- winder. 145 Sixth
LL K1ND~ BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
rented. r»-patr«»(1: lowest rates. V05 Fourth st.
ED U CAT ION AL.
pUlTAR; K V DIUEST^Soo^S^aTsB^AC^
VJ companlmenta in 10 lessons. G. A., box 4, Call.
SPANISH SCHOOL: PREPARES FOR BUS1-
ness; dally: $2 mo.; 4to9p.M 10 Y.M.C.A. bg.
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: ENGLISH
i literature. MISS FaoKX, 427 Setter at.
"l?RENCH,sPANISH,ETC.;Prof.D_ FILIFPE'S
X Academy of Languages, 320 Post st ;estab'd 1871
ME. MELVILLE SNYDIR, 716 POST ST.;
v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal class -a Monday. 8 p. 11.; $1.
[EaLD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
L — Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
teachers; 16,000 graduates; catalogue.
YRES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st. ; Individual induction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.
life scholarship $50: l..w rates per week and ma
OTIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
O College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
ELASCO'."> LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
• Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. o. F. block. 7th and Mkt
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 cnanical engineering, surveying, architecture-
assay: estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
A | 1SS BOLTE'STCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
**x St.: board; Eng., French, Ger.. piano; «30 ma
ALMA K. HYER, PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN-
ja 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNG, WH1TNG. ARITHMTC.GRAA1R
day.fcnl.ht:nocla«ses: $5 month. 845 Mission
ROt. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
gulttr, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowIL
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es planqslnglng,French:8»mo. K.14. IQO'i Polk
"M R. 4 M l;s. K(->L \ M EH, TEACHERS MAN
iTj_doiln.-rnltar. banjo. 93 'Market «'.. Mason
— _ .-.: . ., ,:, nr .^,,^. M^^jJ^S^-^^^r^^^j^^^
pREAT BARGAIN; MIST BE SOLD ON AC-
VX, count of death; 2 good horses, ■ harness and
top ex press-wagon ; e ood condition; cheap. Inquire
1224 Turk st , near Webster. * .
f^ORSALE-LGHT . OAD TEAM OF BLACKS,
standard bred Eclectics; also standard-bred bay
mare by l-.ros, well broKen; must be sold, or will
be exchanged for pacers. . - Can be seen at 347
fremont at., and trial given. . •
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY: 600 SETS
XJ of good harness, our own make, of ever*- de-
scription, tor less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 1 10 McAllister at , 8. F.
rpHE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. 220 VA-
X lencia su, Is the place to go if you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugcles, wagons orhar-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
HEAD DRIVING AAD WORK HOHShS;
*J\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs.. 862 Howard st.
"I /\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
X*)\J ness, all kinds; wagons, boggles, surrsys,
rockaways, carts: - must be sold. 1128 Mission
1 ARGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
P.IWJ Sh.T NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J cess: all kinds: buggy, wacou, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
A(\ HORSES FUR SALK; ALSO WAGONS
" v/ buggies, carts, harness; : Grand Arcade Hot is
I Market, 827 Slx^h at. : auction sales every W«dnes>
dajr. . bLLLI VAN * DOYLE, Auctioneers. -
BUSINESS CHANCES.
STATIONEKY~AND~HAIR ST,ORE; FINE
locality; cheap rent and 4 fine living-rooms in
connection: see this place, it will interest you.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall ave.
QtE\~-\l\ BAKERY BAKING 2 BARRELS OF
<K><JO\J. flour per day; established 20 years;
fine horse and wagou, and a snap for the money ;
see It. T. LUBELsKI, 7 City Hall ave. .
lij|_l(iA STATIONERY AND CIGARS; DO-
«U' i"'v/. ing nice business: fine locality on Mar-
ket st; low rent; mast be sold immediately: fullest
investigation; fine buy for the money; see it. T.
LfBKLsKI, 7 City Hall ave. ■
QALOON; C.iRNER; ESTABLISHED 16
O years: Na 1 locality; opposite carhouse: low
rent; long lease; line living apartment-.; {suitable
for a r roadhouse or hotel; this is a money-making
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
<E»qXA SALOON WITH FOUR FINE LIV-
«Ip O*J\J. ing-rooms and bath, doing good busi-
ness: cheap rent: fine locality; fine business for
the money. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
C»7/\A ONE OF THE FINEST RESTAU-
•ipJUl/. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation;
reason for selling, owner moving Into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for it:
this is a rare chance. T.LPBELSKI, 7 «. ity Hall av.
0 YOU WANT A GOOD SALOON? CHEAP:
fine trade; stock and fixtures: low rent: 4
rooms: well furnished: one of the best patronized
bails in ihis city; this is an actual sacrifice, so
stick to the adage of the early bird catching the
worm. MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
CtKfin. SALOON: DANCE 1 - RUNNING UP-
«IPUV»V. stairs 3 nights week: low rent: splen-
did opportunity for right party to make a fortune;
sell at once. MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market.
HEADQUARTERS FOR POULTRY
ranches and business chances of all kinds. E.
HILL, Heal Estate and Business Agent, 997 Mar-
ket St., cor. Sixth.
OTELTO LEASE FOR A TERM OFY^SARS;
new ti-story and basement b ick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market st, and one block from Baldwin
Hotel and Emporium building: newly furnished
throughout:' furniture for sale on reasonable
terms. For further particulars apply to S. SIL-
VERBEkG. 320 Sansome st., room 39. ;>
rOR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
X; lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
In fine order: has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100. Call Office.
ffilUnn for sale — a VARIETY and
«]Pol/U. candy-store with fixtures, etc.: recently
opened; near school; new bouse; comfortable
living-rooms bath, large yard: rent very moder-
ate: a rare opportunity for man and wife. Apply
at 369 Halght st, near Masonic ave , belweea 10
and 11 a. it. or 3 and 4 p. m.
HALF INTEREST IN GROCERY BUSINESS
near the city; old stand; good stock and trade:
old age and sickness cause of sale; bargain; no
brokers: cash price $1100. Particulars of D. W.
PH1LBRICK, 2548a Folsom st.
I WANT A BUSINESS MAN WITH SMALL
capital not to exceed $500 to take charge and
manage manufacturing business while I travel:
grand opportunity; wil 1 clear $150 a month. 21 Vi
Third st- room 5.
ARUA1N— BAKERY AND CONFEC-
tlonery; all cash store trade: fine fixtures;
lease; nice dry basement shop and good oven:
making money; excellent reasons for selling; see
this; no agent Address R., box 9, Call.
FOR SALE— WELL-PAYING WHOLESALE
and retail liquor, cigar and fancy grocery busi-
ness In a well-known health resort in California;
good reason for selling. For particulars apply to
DAN EINSTEIN. 630 Market st.
LA UN DRY ROUTE FOR SALE, WITH
wagon; paying handsome profit; established
4 years; a' so dyeing and cleaning route; owner
has other business. Full particulars address X.
L.. box 87, Call Office.
"TTARIETY-STORE; FINEST LOCATION IN
V Haywards; good trade; will aell for $800 or !
invoice; otner business cause of selling; call and
Investigate. F. HOOSON, Haywards; or apply
at Call Office. , .
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR EXCHANGE
property, city or country, read our Bulletin of
Exchanges. UNDERWOOD <fc CO., 765 market
fl>QF:n/\ BEST - PAYING BUSINESS IN^
i®diJyJ\J. vestment in San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc; established 1889; must be sold.
Address P., box 35, Call Office.
fflj/jCA OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER
tjpttUU. saloon: 8 fine llvinc-rooms: low rent:
fitted up in first-class style; best location: great
bargain. Apply this office.
<8t^fin BUTCHER-SHOP FOR SALE;
O\J\J. doing good business; fixtures worth
the money ; reason for selling. Address Butcher,
Call Office, Oakland.
ffljOXfk SALOON UP TO DATE; DOING
tiP^jOKJ. fine business; In best locality; rent
cheap: disagreement of par.ners; bargain. 640
Howard st. • ' "
IF YOU HAVE A PATENT OR INVENTION
of any kind for sale or need capital call at Hall
of Inventions, Academy of Sciences building,
room third floor; opon evenings. . .- :
T?ULLY EQUIPPED PRINT1NG-OFFKE; JOB
X 1 and book work; cost $5000; sell $2000: receipts
$500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Office.
AKERY FOR SALE AT REASONABLE
price; good corner location; good outside and
store trade; well established. Apply Call office.
fy ROCERY AND BAR FOR SAL.K: KEPT BY
VI" present owner for eleven years; price $600.
SW. cor. Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts.
T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. COWAN BUYS
stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Boom 16,26 Montgomery.
STATIONERY, SCHOOL SUPPLIES, Nol
0 tlons, bakery, cigars, laundry, postal agency;
6 furnished rooms. Ill Gough St., cor. Lily ave.
<D»QXrk SALOON; ON WATER FRONT; ES-
ig)OO\J. tablished for 20 years: a bargain; sick-
ness cause of sale. Call at 1523 Sanchez st
HEAP— BRANCH BAKERY: 4 NICE LIV-
ing-rooms; yard, wi chickens; laundry of-
fice: good business. 709 Point Lobos ave.
ELTCATESSEN AND GROCERY- STORE; 4
furnished rooms; good location; must sell this
week; very reasonable. 1008 Hyde st.
OR SALE— AN OLD-ESTABLISHED COR-
ner liquor-store and bar: near City lialL Call
at 103 Powell st. HILBERT BROS.
rOR SALE— OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER
-F saloon in best location: best of reasons given.
Address B. B., box 40, this office.
P. QUINN, 53 CHRONICLE BUILDING,
• sells ranc es. stores, business properties, col-
lects rents and writes insurance.
fig 1 On GEARY ST.-PAYING BAKERY,
«H)X.£". laundry office: 30 chickens. KOO1-
MAN, 978 Howard st
Ir<OR SALK— LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. NICHO-
las Laundry, Seventeenth st, near Folsom; call
bet. 9 and 10 a. x.
ITOR LAUNDRY ROUTE. ST. NICHO-
X 1 las Laundry, Seventeenth st, near Folsom,
bet. 9 and 10 a. m. , ■
START YOUR OWN BUSINESS: STORE,
storeroom, dining-room, kitchen to let 647
Howard st.
EWSPAPER R4>UTK IN INTERIOR CITY,
t close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
<Bi I A/ 1 BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tip I V". stationery store for sale. 807 Bryant
K BARN'S BILLIARD HALL, BERKELEY
for sale. Apply on premises. ,7 .;
ANTED — TO BENT, ROUTE MORNING
paper; option of buying. M., box 11, Call.
/CHICKEN RANCH FOR SALE; CHEAP.
\J Apply DlMM-US, P. P., Frnltvale.
ffi I IU\(\ TO INVEST IN SOME BUSINESS.
<fl) 1 UUU Address D., box 19, Call. .
ALO<>N; LOG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Union Brewery. Eighteenth and Florida.
WANT A COFFEE SALOON: STATE LOCA-
tloii and particulars. I. K., box 93, Call.
CANDY-STORE AND FACTO A BAR
\J gain: good stock. Apply Call Office.
ERCHAND1SE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
bought by J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market, rm. 2.
1 E SAL(ON; GOOD DAY AND NIGHT
trade. 817 Kearny. -
A LOON TO LET. 829 HOWARD ST., BET.
Fourth and Fifth.
L? OU IE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
XV quire at Call Office. ■
ARNESS-SHOP FOR SALE. 2127 MISSIO "
BireeU - JV
. . LOST.
jViAMOND RING-^-G RANT AVE., GEARY OR
XJ Kearny sts. Return 647 Haight st. ; reward.
I OST— ON FERRY OAKLAND, SEPTEMBER
Xj 25, lady's alligator purse containing keys,
small amount of coin and unset "stone. Finder
please return to Call Office.
O-T— SEPT. 3. 1 RKD POCKETBOOK, CON-
talnlng deeds and receipts; liberal reward.
Address J. S., dox 11, Call Office, Oakland.
OST— FOXTERKIER FROM THE CORNER
IJ of Seventeenth and Mission sts.; white stripe
d«wn face and large black spot on right side- tie
976. Return to R. N. CAYFOuD.horseshoer. and
receive gooa reward.
T OST— ON THIRD ST., WEDNESDAY EVEN-
JU Ing, black-feather boa. Reward at butcher-
shop, Twenty-iinrth and Harrison sts. '
1 OST- v PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ savings and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of NORA E. CONNORS, No. 176,852.
The finder will please return to bank.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
17OR SALE-CHEAP; NEW AND^SECOND^
Jl hand wagons; also tea and spice wagon. , 1340
\\' ANTED— A SECOND-HAND COUPE-
' ". 5 00<1 condition and cheap. Address Cash, box
69, 1 his office. . ■'.■■■■.'.'■: ,,.- . . "
MEW AND SECONDHAND BAKERS'. LAUN-
\ o«" mllk ana Jrrocery wag us; also rockaway
and 2 flne buggies. ,828 Harrison st.
T^EW & SECOND-HAND WAGONS;BAKEHy"
XI laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 L road way!
IiOB^SALli, AT EASTERN PKICiiS. FIN
X carriages of every description; cash, notes or
liuummeat* Carvill W% Co, 4fr48 Sti II, I f.
i.odging-hoitses^ror^sai>e.
I OFFER FOR SALE this day
FOR cash or EASY payments ■
__ -the FOLLOWING bargains —
27-room house. $7001 •-2-room house . $500
10-room house. 150 24 rooms, corner.. /5O
55 rooms, cor. . 3,000 14 rooms onSuiter 700
11 rs., must sell 2001 66 rooms.beat city. 3,500
15 rooms, new. 2,250 ' 31-room bouse.... 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 1 110 rooms, corner.. 8,000
200 rooms.hotel.810,000 11 rooms, only.... 75
35 rooms.centr. 2.600 10 rooms.Jones st. 300
—I SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL ESTATJi—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KIND--, —
H. C. UKCKJCB. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©onn 10-ROOM HOUSE; CENTRAL LO-
<ft) OKJKJ. cation; must sell. Apply DECKER,
1020 Market st. ■ '
A 1 -RO. M HOUSE; OWNER SICK AND MUST
t() leave city. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
Ul ROOMS: RENT $100; FIN:-. LOCATION.
DA Apply H. C. DECKK.K, 10-0 Market St.
A Q-ROOM HOTEL, CLEARING $200 PER
tO month. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
pOKXEU HOUSE; 32 ROOMS: NICELY FUR-
\J nlshed. DECKER, 1020 Margetst. ..-•-.
in I OOMS.. ! $125119 ROOMS. $750
1 V 45 rooms 625 60 rooms. 2,000
14 rooms, Sutter. 600122 rooms 450
6t» rooms, fine... 3,250 12 rooms. 225
132 rooms, new... .7,500 84 rooms 1.500
UN HER WOOD & CO., 765 Market st
1 OOK AT THIS ~~~ " ' • ;••••■.-
\i 65 rooms: corner house; receipts $1007; price
$3000. A. M. SPECK & CO. .
ELEGANT CORNER HOUSE; 12 ROOMS
XU and bath: rent $55; receipts $110; price $800.
A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market st.
1^>OR SALE OR TO LET, AS A WHOLE OR
In flats, lodging-bouse. Apply 1 to 10 P. m. at
741 Howard st.
A f\(\ 1.ODGING-HOUSB; 15 ROOMS, ALL
<JPttUV/. full; clears $50. McRAE, 827 Mission.
T ODGING-HOl SK; 20 KOOMS; LOW RENT;
XJ making money; good investment. 303 4. h st.
T ODGING- HOUSE, 9 KOoMS; REN $20:
XJ water free; good location. B. B., box 119,
Call Office.
A (\(\ 8 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS; 1
«TpT:v/L». block from Baldwin Hotel. Apply Call.
QM^fi 20 It OMS: FULL; RENT $35;
<®rk*J\J. snap. See SKIFF, 921 Market st-
L'UKNISHED HxUSES: 12 TO 13.1 ROOMS;
P $300 to $10 '). PHK1.PS& p., 17 I artcin.
Jt'URNlTURE JbOR SALE.
uTT^e^^To^fTIs^complete
are In it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna st, in ail !^ acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of alt kinds and in
endless variety; if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a palrof Dlan-
kets to a completely famished house, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing; our numbers are 1017,
1019, 1021 and 1023 Mission st., above Sixth. J.
NOON AN. ■. .
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH ST., FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or
good as new; cash or time: open evenings.
if URN1SHED FLAT 6 ROOMS; NEW FVRNI-
■ ture; good locality. Address R., box 18, Call."
LINE OAK FOLDING - BED AND SINGLE
r wardrobe; $15. Apply room 44, 6 Eddy st.
FURNITURE OF 8 ROOMS; CHEAP. 1839
X 1 Polk st. .
I^URNITURE 3-ROOM F. AT; NO DEALERS;
X good opportunity to buy. 27 Lafayette st.
A(\(\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SETS, $14;
~i\J\J stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T D. McC • RTHY. 764 Mission.
~ FURNITURE WANTED.
I F YOU WAT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNI-
cere and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
ASH PAID FOR ENTIRE HOUSES OR
J smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCHER, 222 Stockton; send postal.
ri'OSELLFUKNITURKTo ADVANTAGE TRY
j 1 M. SILVERSTaIN.969 Howard st :send postal
T>CCKINGHAM FUK.\1TURE CO. PAYS
XJ highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
~N I DIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
J J. SIMMONS' auc. Co.. 3057 Market, pays cash
CARPET CLEANING. "
"T15vXnCE~ "cITr PKT^CLe'a NING~CO^~402
XV Sutter, tel. Main 394. S. S. FKRGUSON.mansr.
E. MITCHELL. CARPET-CLEANING CO.,
« 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
ONES <fe CO.. MAIN OFFICE 26 AND 27
Eighth st; tel. Jessie lOol.
»jc A yard at GliKAT western carpet
O Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st. ,
p/.UPKT CLEANING, Sc: LAYING. 3c. : RU»
. V^ samples free: tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198th st.
Y\, r HEN YOU BECOME DISGUST WITH
» » poor work send to SPA ULDIN G' S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-o7 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
ONKLIN'SCARPKT EEATING WOKKa. jJi
Golden Gate ave.: telephone east, 126.
; ITY STEAM RPET N1NG.RENO V A-
.V Ung, Sb 8th. STKVKK3, m«r. 'leL South J50.
ARPKTS • tLKANED AND ' RENOVATED
J like new. FERGUSON <fe CO. 23 Tenth: tiU
Eonth SB. T». HACKINT'^HiU'i'i. mccmon.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
QCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business; speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b>- my method: success guaranteed:
oil and minerals located by the science. DR. ST.
CLAIR, 916 Market st, room 26: hours 9 to 7.
NOW THY DESTINY— LOVE. MARRIAGE;
business, speculation, legacies and your future
bv mall 10c. PROF. W. MON RQK. 761 Howa d.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
/"I ITAN A, THE GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
VX truthful In her predictions: reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, coma
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9. i; ..
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVO7-
. ant, card- reader, born v.-ith a don Die veil an I
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry an!
clairvoyant sitting $1 50. 123 lurk St.. nr. Jones.
ARRIVED - THE GREAT CLEOPATRA,
-CX whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and.
French clairvoyant cards will tell your whole life*
ladles 25c; gents 50c. 135 Hayes st, nr. Van Ness.
VI ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
i.»J past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st
T UCKY MEDIUM: CARD-READER: LOVE,
XJ marriage; ladies 26c. 243 Shipley, near Fifth.
A I ME. HAN8t.N, PALMIST, CARD-HEADER;
IVI past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st., r. 5.
ME. DAVIS; CARD-READER ANDPA1M-
ist gents $1. 12 2 Post st., room 2.
ME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
GYPSY LIFE-READER, Rl MOVED FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles 25c: gents 60c
Vf ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY!
i-Tl- business advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. SYBIL!. SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife: ladles 25c, 50c 914 O'FarrelU
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT- 25
yrs Kearhy, now 929 Post: fee $1 : letter $2.
pLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY; FEE 25a
U4I lnna.'bas''me'it.
SPIRITUALISM. —
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 MARKET Sr_~
diagnoses disease with full life-reading from
lock of hair, $1: revealed medicines worK won-
ders with the sick and afflicted; cut tbl* out,
as It will not appear every day. - ; •■
OOf* MCALLISTER — MRS. C. J. MEYER-
O— ,U test meeting* every night; 10c; Tut? A
Frl. a p.m.; business sittings daily at above No. $1
rpHE WORLD-FAMED MME. CALDWELL,
X clairvoyant, life-reader and healer. 821 How-
ard St., bet Fourth and Fifth-
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
• writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 P. it
I^ISHOP GAiiRISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
! ' ces Tuesday. Friday py°n's 2'c 10 to 4 -tally.
HYPNOTISM.
H " ypJNOTIOM JLSO ""vrr^L^^iuioNETSM
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a.so how to hypno ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to ' physicians and students of
science interested in its therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials:correspondence solicited. <. ail or art-
I dress Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute, 6 O'Farrell.
_^ ' DENTISTS. ~~~
TAR. L. T. CRANZ- 1CX IE A CtT6n^PAINLESsT
XJ crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ave.
CfcT A SET FOR TKETH-WA RANTED AS
VP • good ascan be made-. flllii)e$l DB si \i .Mb,
dentist, 930 Market st,, next Baldwin Theater.
P A ' XI -ESS 1-XTRAClluN, 50? CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: IS « ears'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D. d's!, 815% Geary.
"TJR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.. NR.
J-^ Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates art- m de: old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
8"^ r J V 7* WITHOUT A PLATE. UK.
O H. G. Young, 1841 Polk st.
T\R. J. J. LEEK. market, cor. GOLDEN
XJ Gaieave.; open evenings; Sundays till noon.
R -- OM DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
V- ket bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
D K ," (< RGK W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
• nH if. dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 8 to 20o > Farrell 3 t.
L JJLL StT OF 1 EKTH. $7; ■ WARRANTED
n £^. S5 a £?i : JJ^acUon, 60c: fllllncs,- 60c;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlora, 24 Sixth.
¥ I h» 1 ' «' ass , DEN TIsTR V ; ' FI KST-CLASS
x prices; first-cav« results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. WAX HAHDINO.M.I)., 600 Su tier
L^o W .?i tK T° £Un'T.MES;WAKRANTifa
A DR. RKa, 1370 Market , front City HaiL
R.'i-'UCKKTT, 1703 i\, t ST.. NEAR BO*
XJ cnanan; bus kiv.-i,-. crown and bridge worn.
A L « t W * OR £ n KKASON ABLK AND w A b;
-O. ranted. DR. j. w. K£Y, 1122 ]>!«*«, uTCITY REAE ESTATE,
rj. H. UiiBsEN A CO..
i , . ,^ A " L ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY bT., NB. MARKET.
„_„ BARGAINS— JUST RECEIVED.
BUSH ST., KAST OF VAN NES« AVE.
Q90 Alia THREE STORY HOUSES,
V •—w.vjv/V. renting for $180 per month; lot
65x120 to rear street ; both a reets accepted.
GOLDEN GATE AVE. BAitU.\IM.
SRSS'SO OPPOSITK JEFFERSON SQUARE:
Vp<- (. »>V. _ Bubstantia' 2-story and basement
window houses of 7 roums and bath each: r^nt
970 per month: 30x137:0; location very choice;
this Is a snap.
BAKGAI DOWNTOWN.
ft^Q^H iil H ST.; COTTAGE AND LOT;
<tjrOU%)\l. 22:11x100: lot alone worth 96500: 3
flats would pay handsome interest
WILL BE FOR, CLOSKD IF NOT SOLD IMME-
DIA i ELY.
©1 l\C\(\ COTTAGK OF 6 ROOMS AND
tip ± UUU. ba;ii; iot 24x106 to an alley, north
•Ide: Mission warm belt.
NJ.W COTTAGE ON EASY TERMS.
SSU 77^ COKNER WITHIN 5 MINUTES
r_,x • I kj. walk froij Mission-street electric
cars: new bay-v iudow co ta • of 6 rooms, etc.;
{"Be basement, chic ken- houses, etc.; stable
-oxlOO; small amount cash; balance, $10 per
month. ■
P K ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR.
.Q'-^Klin STK1N R ST., KENT $31: 2 SUB-
•><■ yi\f. staitial flats <if 6 and 6 rooms and
bath each: stree- accf pted 27:0x110.
Bargain in foch flats.
<Gi|Q F\(\f\ HKSt «i.6O PER A:\NCM;
■KP lrJ.O\t\J McAllister st-, fourcomparatlvely
new flats of 7.7, 6 ana 6 rooms and bath each;
brck foundation: all modern convent nces:
10,000 mor gate can remain If desired; GOxlOO:
this is real cheap.
OWNER GOING TO KUBOPE.
Sh.|)|| MIS-ION INVESTMENT; STORE
-_nm. and several cottages: part of lot va-
cant: 60x114: a giveaway.
RSeipENCK ON How no -r
5Rfi^'"S0 8 ; HTuRY bay-window house
«TUi-«>V. of 14 rooms and bath: brick founda
tion, stone walks, etc.: fur few hundred dollars
could be converted into 3 fla.s; lot 26x122:6: in
Rood oration.
LOT WITHIN HALF BLOCK OF MARKET ST.
Si'-^^'Mi W ALLEK ST.; 25X100; GOOD LOT
<E!O_-l)U. for 4 flats: cheap.
HIBSION COTTAGE.
|vOj||| 21-1 St.; NKW KA8TLAKECOT-
tiP — OU\». tage of 5 rooms and bath; all modern
Improvements and conveniences: will be sold on
easy terms.
CHEAP COTTAGE.
SI 7 R| I 28TH ST., NR. 3 LINES OF CARS:
<u" ' **J\J, collage of 4 rooms and basement;
«5xl 1 4>
BUSINESS CORNER.
ftl'.;r-.n GOOD LOCATION; NORTHERN
*U>~''*J\I. an of the cftv, near Montgomery
ave.: store and 5 rooms and flat of 6 rooms; rent
«40; bo.ii streets acrepted.
PIERCE-ST. BUILD1.NG LOT.
1.00. f o « A o HHAlGHTST.: 35X125 LESS
THRKE KLE .ANT VLATS ON SUTTER ST.
'$9000 RENT * 840 PER ANNUM: PAYS
'liPt'Wl/U. at | e „, 7 p er Cent net: 7 roomaand
bath each: 27:6x'.37:6
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for sale
In all parts of the city.
<i. H. UjiBat.N A Co., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAiNWALD, UL'CKBKE A CO, A&A.L, _!S-
„_ TATE AGENTS.
. -..■: 218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
.$8750— Jackson st. . N. side; modern 2-story bay-
window residence of 9 large rooms and bath;
partly finished basement: street bitumen: stone
sidewalk; mortga.e $3500 can remain; lot 26:6x
100 teet.
98250— Devlsadero-st. business property, near
Suiter; store with flat above: lot .8x100.
96.60 — Fine Jac>sm-su r sidenre. near Deviaa-
dero; 7 rooms an.l bath: lot 27:6x127.
*3100— Reduced from $4000 ; rents 937 monthly ;
3 flats on Clara st., near in 11. 7^^
95500 — Modern residence, near No den Gate
Par-.; 9 rooms aid bath; lot 25x181 :3 o rear st.
$2200— -in y $100 cash, balance $20 mon hly,
same as rent : new modern cottage In Mi<sioa ; con-
tain- 6 rootiia a id batb.
85500— lehama si., near Third: lot 50x80 feet
with 8 flats; rents 964; lot alone Is worth the price
asked.
92650— easy terms: 9500 casn, balance $20
monthly: new cottage of 6 rooms and bath; on
Church st.: 25x100 feet.
$16-0— Capp st., near 15th; 25x75 feet; street
work all done.
$2600— Rents $24: 2 flats on Church »u, near
Valley: 4 rooms and bath each: lot 27:6x114 feeu
825i:0— educed from 3.50: positively must be
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused; new
cottage.
$3000— NE. cor. on Bush at.: lot 25x100 feet.
94-50— Lot 54x136 to rear street; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms and bath: also stao.e, fine gar-
den, fruit tre»a, etc.: offer wanted.
$12,000— Residence on the corner of Fulton and
Steiner sts. ; all modern improvements; lot 55x
110: will sell house, with lot 27:6x110, for 99000:
easy terms If desired.
{5750— Fats and rear bouse: renting for $56;
Harrison st., near6;h; lot 27:6x85 feel. *
96250— 952 60 per mouth; 2 fine flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath: ateiner at- near Oak; lot
26x115.
$4250— Rents 944 per month; Clara St., near
6th: ot 25x80.
$7500— Reduced from 98500; lot alone la worth
the money: make us an offer; Pacific Heights
residence of 8 rooms and bath; Jackson si., near
Buchanan: lot 30x117 ft- to rear street. '■■
94500— Vallejo t,, near baler at.: finest blocK
on Vallejo si. ; lot 27:6x137:0 ft.; 92000 can re-
main.
94000— Near Ellis and Jones sts.: 2 flats of 5
roomseach: rents tor 930; lot 22x>-9 feeu
$5500— «'or:ier Bush and Brodenck sts.; cottage
of 8 rooms and bath: l»r:e lot, 34x100 feet: lot
alone la worth the price asked; the la>t of a row of
4 cottages: the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
940 0— cottage 1425 Geary St., near Laguna:
lot 24:11x120 to rear street 5 rooms.
$2260— Lyon. near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to lurniah a complete list on application.
dHAINWALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
M. SPECK «fc CO.. 60 i MAKKET BT.
• Solid and paying investments.
fl>Qnn CASH, 91500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
tJ\J\J ments same a* r nt, buys that lovely 6-
room 'Oitase half block from Misalon-at cars: this
property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
COnn CASH. 92000 UK MORTGAGE, BUYS
OUU 3 flats near Stockton at.
©Q7Pin s 2ffICK FLATS ON LEAVEN.
tJpO ' uVJ. worth st.; all rented; pays 10 per
cent net; h«lf cash.
CQnn CASH, 81200 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
«_*.OUW 2 nice flats- near the U. S. Mint: don't
wait but see us immediately.
<2»onnn cash and $2000 ON MORTGAGE
i£)£\>\J\J buys 5 flats near 6th and Howard sis. ;
rents 947.
C*£AAA 8 5-ROOM COTTAGES, WITH LOT
tJDUUU. 112 feet front: good location; paying
over 12 per cent: must sell: loss no object.
C2QAAA 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
COUUU. fronts: rents $1000: near Call Office;
terms, one-half cash ; any reasonable offer wanted.
©14 AAA 6 FINE FLATS ON MASON ST. ;
tJpJLtfc.VVU. large lot; rents over 9109.
©/ff; AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY NEAR
tjp.-rtJ.UUVS. Fourtn and Market sts.; rents
94000; grand improvements.
SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
________________
CAflifc. BKOTli
HEAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SOME BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Ann' LOT IN L'-KhVJKW: ONE BLOCK
«*T;O^-«J. from Inglesidts racetrack and 2 blocks
from electric cars; level and ready 10 build on.
OCA A COKNER TWENTY-EIGHTH AVE.
t3)oUU« and A si.; 75x125; level and ready to
build on. /
»Chn«ACH- 8 LOTS ON TWELFTH
tJprOUave., near Clement St.; 26x120 each;
street macadamized and sewered.
©If r >A PRICE REDUCED; WALLER ST.,
«plUiJU. near Masonic ave.; 25x149: extra
depth: good neighborhood; street graded and
eewered. _^
OPiAA JACKSON ST..NEARBAKER; 25x
t£l._j->UU. 127:8*4: bituminous Ktreet; cement
aldewaljt; cable cars pass In iront; very cheap.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery si.
TVTOW. hKE HI- HE, CAN YOU BUY FOU
■JL\ 910.000 such a valuable corner as M\V. Fol-
sum and -lat sis.? 95x91); will kubdlvlde if r -
quired; also 20th St. and Trea ave., 25x110,
12600: aUao N. aide Pace st. 60x100, 37:6 feel
from corner Bohrader, between Hchrader *.n i Mtan-
yan. 96750: will subdivide if required: offer
wanted. Inquire Herb I nstllute, 1206 .Market au
Of And HOUSK WjTH 4ROO.MS ANliL.T
«3)'_ i\). 26xU5. G-.O. W. H. PATTERSON
& CO., 2 Valencia at. "
>,rt-A FINE LOT, 25x100, ON CLOV) R
t_)U0U. ave., near 18lh aU; 9300 cash, $10 per
month installment*. G1£O. W. H. PaTTEKBON
A CO.. It Vi.lencla st.
"_!•» nn-AU£-5 EOTH ON DAY 8T. GKO.
jjftZUU v. H. PA I! KR80N A CO., a Valencia.
OUSE AND LOT AND STABLE KuR SaLE
cheap. 4509 18tb st. near Douglass.
£•£•£/ lA' RENTS 962 : M ST BK SOLD; IM-
3rO0UU. proved piece: flats; O'Farreil st. near
iillmore; any n-aaonab.e offer will be entertained.
$3600— House 01 7 rooms; San Carlos ave., near
19th st.; warm belt; street accepted: any Kind. of
terms, j X' LIHH AM BRBJv>,6.'B Markeu
1. OK hA_E-.NEW EAST LAKE CO I TAGE OF
V 6 rooms and batn, 26x115, at rtrtuced prices
and easy Ins alin.e as; 15 minutes 1 «alk from
City Halt i4th si., bet. Noe and astro.
_.j nn KLhOAXl'KEW KJ_-IDENCE OK
thoUl'U. 6 large notna, bath and modern Im-
provemehta; smal .o;Uge on rear of ot; street
work done. See owner on premise*. 171 Randall
si-, near Mission and Thirtieth.
IjAKK LOT. HACRIUCED; SW. lOB. 27TH
I and K ats.; 82;6xlOO: trice »200; one-hali
casii balance ougilme; ibis is given away. Coll
room la, 43 Sixth st. : 1 to 5.
pOINT LOBU8, F HOUS , 41st, 42D
-*- and 4 3d aves. ; choice lots on electric-car line.
PERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS; COR,
' "' Powhattan ave., Butler. Banks and Selgel ats.,
Courtiai.d and Ciwent aves.: best and cheapest
building lota In Cit. ; easy serins. -
• C H. Rj_ YN0LD3 A Co., 828 Montgomery at.
— . - . . , . CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON A BC^KkT^KKaT ESTATE
-l»X Agents: established 1858: 626 Market st.
<3t19 000 Jones, nr. o«farrkll: 8
_^_ii ,i V * new flats; rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn 1 no store aud 2 flats.
pLAY-ST. HILL RESIDENCE; MUST BE
v/ sold: price reduced from 98300 to $0500; 1320
Leavenworth si.; 9 rooms, bath; larse unfinished
basement; Improvements Alt see this et once.
EDUCED: 915.000: BUSH, NEAR DUPONT;
-i-V 2 stores and lodging-house; 41:0x03.
FLATS, MoALLlSTF.R ST.. NR. FILLMORE.:
6 and 7 rooms and bath; well rented; lot 25x
lUO, • ;
Ss^On ELEGANT. MODERN KESI-
«JjlOUUU. dence: 8 rooms: beautifully decor-
ated: very cheap: third cash; balance same as
rent; just competed.
fit! d OO A BUTTER ST., NR. WEBSTER:
tjp.LO.UUU. double lot, 50x137:6; four new
flats; paying over 9 per emu.
r\f\{\ REDUCED FROM $9000; PARK.
(IIP 4 OUU. residence; N. aide Fell st., near
Broderlcu ; 9 rooms an 1 bath: 25x137:6.
Oji'FvAO BAKERICOTTAGE
<pUt»UU. 6 and bath; re its 930: iot 35x102.
Qftnnn page, near brodebick: KES1-
<u)\j\J\J\J. dence of 7 rooms and bath : lot 25x
b7;6. MADISON & BURKE. .
<2L P\HHn * FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
<3)e>UUU. Ridley; rents 944; lot 26x77:6.;
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
ffljornn RItch, NR. 3D AND folsom; 2
dp*}O\J\J. houses; 2 fruniages; pays 12 percent:
lot 25x75.
<HtQ1 AA AL.ABAMAST.. NR. 23D; BROOMS
tJpOlUU. and bath; 20x100.
pLEMKNTINAST.. N ft. 4TH. ; TF.NEMENT8;
\J rents $47; lot 26x80; only 93600.
$_Qnnn BENTS $330 PER ANNUM; 3
tlpOUUU. flats; Natoma. nr. First: 23:6x75.
cn»k)onri ARMY. near dolores: COT-
O—OUU. lage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
FUni PROVED PROPKRTT.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7; make
any offer.
60xl<K>; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
In subdivisions.
$3500— Hayes, nr. Fill more; elegant view; 26x
106:
f 4500—24tb. NE. cor. Vicksbnrpr: 50x114.
»4000— 65x117:6: SE. cor. Sanchez and 234.
9 6U0— line «t., cor. L.vo 1; 31:3x80
$2700— Broderlck, nearBusn: E. side: 30x103.
• $3250— Haves, nr. Flllmore: 25x137:8.
9 0 .0— Harmon si., KB cor. Inn t ; 26x75.
2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x109.
$2200— Lyon, near Grove: 26x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:8.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Brodertck ; re-
du< d from $3000.
$2000— i.-ui.p a .. near Adair: 25x75.
91801— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
91300— near Sanchez: .6x114.
9 000— Hancock, near >anchez; 25x114.
«800— Lobos, nr. 28th ave.; 25x100.
Madison & BURKE. 626 Market su
A. H. LISSAK. O. F. VON. it rein.
OF. VON RHEIN <fe CO.. REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
$20,000— Second and Minna: 40x77:6 wlthan 1.;
2 store upper flat and r>ar bouse: rent* $117 50.
$9000— Jones, near (Greenwich; 40xlB7:6; 4 new
bay- Indow flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bam each ;
rents $96.
$7uOU-2d st. and South Park lane: 46:6x98;
2-storv house.
00-P clflc St., near Hyde: 23x80; front
house 2 flats. 10 rooms and bath; rear bouse 4
rooms: rent-> 943.
$6250— Post si., near Webster; 24x91:6; hand-
some _-hiory residence: all modem Improvements;
9 rooms ana bath.
$0000— Chenery, near 80th; 31x125; rear;
street on railroad; 123x125; 2 bouses
$5750— Green, near Franklin; -8x130; 3-story
hon-e, 2 flats: 13 rooms; bah.
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and hath.
948J0— Powell st,, near Pine; 22x65:6; 8-story
house: 18 rooms.
94tO0— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9xl37;S: I
two iront and one rear bouse; 10 rooms ana oath;
rents $40.
95000- Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:8; 8-
story residence: 10 rooms.
S4000 -Bryant, near 4th; 20x80: 2-story house
Of 9 rooms and ba.h.
931 00— Bartlett, near 26th: 25x75; 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath.
63800— San Carlos ave., near 21st st.; 22:6x75;
2-stoi -v house. 2 flats, 7 rooms: $2560.
$3750— Perry st., near Tulrd; 25x76; 2 flats; 8
rooms and baths: r nis $33 60.
if 3000— Himmelman, through to Salmon; 20x60;
bouse on eacn frontage; rent S29.
92850— Broadway, near Leavenworth j 22:llx
137:6; rear house and stable.
$2500— Krl<« si., near Mission; 2-story house: 7
rooms and bath: 25x85. •
$1650 — Folsom si., bet. Union and Jefferson;
brand new cottage; latest improvements; 6 rooms
•nd hath; #500 cash, balance *15 per month; 25x70
$130o— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leavenworth: 75x87:6;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 26th-st. railroad station: 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lota on Dolores.
94i00-.'3d and Florida; 75x104.
9300O— I'tf.h and Bryan : 25-118.
$1 too— Hy e St., near Filbert; -0x68:9.
$1250— Fair Oaks, near 25th: 26:6x100.
91200—4 lots; Ocean road, near 24th; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 26th ave. ; 60x188. *
$700— Silver ave., near Craut; 50x109; College
Homestead.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN -STATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8x
114.
JOHN PFOftB, 3 9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
$7760— Page street, opposite Panhandle; splen-
did house 8 rooms; mor gag • $4000 may remain.
$8500 — splendid residence on Pine street, near
tic art school, nob hill; all modern; 9 rooms.
000— Business property; stores and flats;
paying 9300 per month.
$8.(00— i -• sldence 10 rooms, etc., on Vallejo st. ;
10 62:6x137:6.
915.' 00— Mission st., a few doors from the new
PostofUce site; a nice 2-story bay-window house;
10 rooms and bath; lot 25x85.
$27,500— A prominent Misslon-st- corner, 65x
100. well Improved: rent 922. >6 per annum.
Reduced to $12,0C0— Ninth at., near Mission;
doub c (la s: bay-window; lot 25x70.
910,000— Six. h st.: substantial 3-story house;
12 rooms; bath; brick foundation: lot -5x160.
'.00— Howard at., near 4th. 2 stores and 12
rooms upstairs: lot 30x80; rents $76.
Thirtieth st : o-roorn house; lot 25x125
93000— 7th St., near iJrannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at 9-0.
UNIMPROVED.
$10,000— Full block in University Mound Tract.
93300— Dolores St.. near 22d.
*3100— On Flllmore st. : 24x88.
9800— St., near «Otb; lot 80:6x75.
OU CAN PAY
1 IN »-ILVER
95 CASH, 95 MONTHLY
UNTIL PAID.
ju or (\ CHOICERESIDKNCELOTSONTHE
•irOUU. line of an elecirio-roadi street graded,
sewered and macadamized: call or send for a dia-
E. M. LONG, 3207 221 au, cor. of Mission; open
K. M. LONG, 3207 221 st,, cor. of Mission; open
evenings after 7:30 p. m.
CAN YOU FIND
CHEAPER LOTS THAN THESE???
$7'/\ AND UPWARDS: LOTS ON H AND I
I »)' ' sts.. Bill and 10th ayes.; streets on < ffl-
c.al grade; property faces the park: terms $50
cash, $10 monthly; take onr advice and put $10
as.de each month and buy one of the lots: you will
never regret it.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
pAYABLE IN blLVER.
$750— Lot 50x100; on main street, near station,
in Berkeley; $16 monthly.
9.60— Lot 25x100; near station: 95 monthly.
$250— One- acre: superb views: 95 monthly-.
CHAS. A. BAILKY. 20 .Montgomery st.
rnO-DAY *4200 WILL BUY THAT KLE ANT
i. 7-room coimge on Golden Gate ave , near Ba<er
Ft.; hand frescoed; terms to suit: lot 26x137:6.
TOBIN & Me ALLY. ■ . -
aft-, .A CASH— NEW MODERN HOMES: 7
<JpiJ' U rooms batb; gas; hand frescoing; $3000;
open daily. Geary at., near Cook
ERjIa X MUUPHY. 028 M VliK iT ST.
BAK.-AIN-! BARGAINS!
$2300— Nice 2-stor.-, bay-window house of 6
rooms and bath; concrete foundations; nearly
new and In line condition; house co*. 92500 with-
out the id; money to Joan on first and second
mortgages.
ENTER A BPADElT
V REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
BENT < O LECTORS,
WILL RKMUVK
OCTOBER 1
TO
11 MONTGOMERY 8T.,
Under Lieu House.
SHE THAT NEW ALL HOME; CASH,'
$16 per mouth; open to-day; Fruitvaln Termi-
nal f rart, near Frul v«le station, D. PKATT.
WJiYPAV RKN I WHKN~YOU CAN SECURE
a home for less than vour rent money f
4I>7-: A NEW S-RO M COTTAGE WITH
i tJU. hall and large basement, Including
large lot; close to electric cars; $50 -own, 9 0
monthly. ■ --
$1 1 Pin NEW 4-KOOM. AND BATH COT-
tjp 1 1 O\J. tnze. with larg. lot; 26x114: street
work done; Va block to 22d-st. electric road; f 100
down, $15 monthly.
- AND 6 ROOM COTTAGES: GOOD LOCALI-
O ties; on easy payments. ~ -
I JACOB H..YMAN, 11 Montgomery at.
VJKW SUNN* .. CuKNEK MA KIN H VIEW
lV house: hard wood finish: open. - 3447 Clay it.
KE TH Si.H'US H; PACIFIC HK1GHTS;
O 2 new houses; all modern - Improvements:
lighted by electricity or >as; will sell cheap; riue
marine view conservatory. FUlmore and Green sis.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896
citt real estate.
ASTON, KLDiUi'OE 4 CO. " :
ASTON, ELDltll'GE * CO.
easton, ELDKIDGK a co.
6Js8 market 8trfet.
638 market street.
638 MAKKET STKEbT.
inves-mknts
FOR INCOME,
FOR SPECULATION.
<JKQ^nn MAKE OFFER; SE COR. OAK
t]P')O\)\f. and j.yoa sts.; 2 elegant flats of 8
rooms and bath- <-ach; handsomely detoruted: In
first-, lass condition: cum 14,000: don't fall to
examine this at once as it must be sold this week
on account of bank foreclosure.
QtQ^nn HOWARD ST., NR EIGHTH; 3
iiPU»i\f\J. good flats of 6, 7 and 8 rooms and
bath ea n, In Al condition; always occupied;
pays 9882 per annum.
ffl»7-.nfi CLINT ST., NR. BRYANT, 2
<P i 'M'U. substantial houses of 7 tenements;
rents $67 per montii: mortgage $J600 can re-
main; lot 50x75; this Is a bargain.
QLtii :OO NOE8T., NR. 15TH; 8 HANDSOME
«IPU''UU. flaw of 5 6 and 6 rooms and bath
each; pays $720 per annum: this la a snap; must
be sold at once.
()(\(\ 2 FLATS OF4 AND 5 ROOMS AND
UUU. bath, nr. Valencia and I3tt. st«.:
well built; brick louadai>n, etc.: rents 935 per
month.
ffljQ<>^n CLARA Si., XR. 4TH: 3-STORY
«JT«J_vtJU. house in 4 tenements; rents *40; see
this at once.
BUY NOW.
BAKGAINS IN RESIDENCES
AT SACRIFICE PRICES.
(2» 1 O 000 ELEGANT MODERN RES I-
«4T) 1 —■•'"'"'*-'• dence on a northwest corner,
fa -ing the Par* Panhandle; 8 rooms and ba.h:
billinrd-room, wine cio*ft, etc. house coal $8260;
terms $2500 cush, balance rear.
Q.(\C\r\(\ FIXE 2- STORY BAY-WINDOW
tiPUV/UU. r. siileuce, 8 rooms and bath; Scott
su, opposite Alia Piazn; ex, eedingly choice neigh-
borhood; sacrificed uccoum of 96000 mortgage
abou. to be foreclosed.
f'-i^On KKW MODERN 2 -STORY RESI-
tjpOO\J\J. dence of 6 rooms and bath, in the
choicest resilience portion of piogr.-sn.ve l;lch-
tnond; In the best condition; complete in all ue-
talls; easy terms.
°>C\C\n HANDSOME HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS
tai*i\J\J\J. rnd bath, la the Mission; lot 25x
114: handy 10 several car lines: only $500 Cash,
balance on easy monthly installments. "~ V-e*
CHOICE LOTa
BEDhC(K PRICES.
KAKK OPPORi UNITY FOR BUYERS.
$3000— Cor. 31st and Point Lobos aves.: 125x
120: reduced.
930 0— Kills, nr. Steiner; 25xl 1 <7:6.
9 600— Page, nr. Hhrader: 26x137:0.
$-._iO— NW. cor. on Sanchez; 100x126; will sub-
divide.
$1750— Clay, ur. Spruce; 25x127:8.
91600— Point Lobos road, nr. 22d ave.i N. Bide;
40x j< 0; cheap lot.
91250— st., nr. Bryan:: 26x90.
* lino— 4th ave.. nr. California; 2oxl2O.
9700-South ave., nr. Kichland; Holly Park:
60x100.
$400 each: 2 choice lota on Duncan St.; 60:llx
114; ready for building.
9260— Mou.tou ave., nr. Detroit! Sunny side; 25x
1 12
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <t CO.
EASTON, KLDK1DGK A CO.
EASTON, RIDGE A CO. • •
638 MARKET ST.
638 MAKKET ST.
• ' 638 MARK. ST.
itCfvAn RENT 940; CLARA ST., NR. 4TH;
K?tJO\J\J. flats; lot 25x75.
© Knnn waphinoton-st. CORNER, nr.
<HpU\J\J\J. Mason; 2-story house 9 rooms, 2
baths, basement, etc.
St<>000 bent $42 60: 2 flats 5 AND 6
<iPUV/UU. rooms and bath each; Guerrero St.,
near 15th.
©91 X(\ COST 8 YEARS AGO 93000; LOTS
C— ' *>\J. on Oak si., facing Golden Gate ParK;
each 25x137:6.
Ql Qf\f\ COTTAGE IN RICHMOND HTH
«IP1OUV'. ave., nr. California at.; cottage 3
rooms; lot 25x120.
C&fcnnn GREAT BARGAIN; FORCED
•iPUV/UW. sale: Lyon St., close to Golden <; ate
Park; modern residence of 10 rooms; built 4 years
ago; coat *8750; wi.l be sold for cash, or large
mortgage can stand. _, .
ft 70(10 CLAY ST.. BET. BUCHANAN
t!P i \jyiV. i, d Webst r: splendid room resi-
dence; billiard- room, etc. lot 2<:.xlO3.
C>f?nnn MCALLISTER ST., NB. BAKER:
«]P'>UUU. 2 new window flam of 6 ana 7
room a and bath each; rent $50; lot 26x137:0
CJ7nnn bboderick ST., bet. EDDY
«ID I \J\J\J. and Turic: double 2-story house; 7
rooms each; lot 8-xlOO; rent $60.
©QOCn *500 CASH: BALANCE MONTH-
«J)OiU\'. iv; 2-story bouse of 6 rooms and
bath; ur. Mission and 19. h sis.; rent $26.
PAYS GOOD INTEREST: TEHAMA ST., NR
X Third; $2000; rent $22 ; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms
each; house has jus; be^n put In fine condition.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
If) TO 1 OUTCtlA8SED! "
GREAT EXCITEMENT CAUSED BY A
FALSK RAT Oil!
The ratio of value between the real worth of the
64 lots rt-ceutly piaced on the Market by us and the
pricey asked is not correct. Not only ar- the prices
asked at an incorrect ratio when compared with
the real value of the property, but the prices asked
are also at false ratio with your money. In other
words, we believe you can obtain too much lor
your coin. .
our opinion is shared by others, and a number of
the lout have been sold. Don't watt for the ratio
to be changed. Don't wait for the prices to be
raised. Buy now and reap the benefit of the ad-
vance.
64 LOTS.
91' 50 UPWARDS.
TtOUR OWN Tt.RMS.
Lota front on Frederick, Col , Stanyan, Shrader
and Beuiah streets. i o and see them to-day. Our
agent will be on the ground to distribute diagrams.
Remember these lots are near the Park, near the
luted Colleges, near several street car lines.
Splendid residence sites, and best Investment lots
In the city.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
' 10 Montgomery st.
CjQl (\(\ 2 FHT,9-B0QMED HOUSE; COR-
tJJiOlUU. ner lot.
92060— 6-roomed cottage.
$"01 0 — 5-roomed cottage.
$i950— !>-roomed cottage.
• 1800—4- roomed cottage.
Take Howard-st. cars to Potrero ave., walk two
blocks east on -4th su; large lots: easy term*. F
NELSON, builder. ' - ■
COL GETZ A BRO., RUAL ESTATE OWNERS,
M. r* Boom A, first floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
RICHMOND LOTS AT VERY LOW PRICES.
Never before were such bargains offered.
$tlOn $150. $280-LOTS FOR BUILDING;
11/''. no grading; near Mis ion-st. and ban
Mateo car lines; only 95 monthly payments.
fflj r' TO $760— LOTS NEAR ELECTRIC
W It), car lines: Golden Gate Park; new col-
leges; splendid view of ocean, music stand; 95
and 910 monthly Installments. <■
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL OKTZ A BRO.,
Room A, first floor, Crocker Building.
Qkf{''>l\t\ NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
t!rv»-._M'. choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern improvement; well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; In-
coniH $660 per year; 'SIM of lot -5x116. For per-
ml- to Inspect apply to TOBIN A McNALLV, 630
Market aU
UMLL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
»f flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN KliWl'EIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
MALL, BRIGHT, NEW HOME; 960 CASH,
$16 per month. D. PRATT, Frultvala station.
•i HK Met AKl HYPO., 646 Market St., tt.tr.% see it.
G~ C. BKMih. ' ~ ~ ~
. KfaiAl. ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
824 MONTUUMKKY4T.
FOR SA . .
$2600— R. «tii» of Btanyan «_. bet. Carl and
Frederick; 35x100 feet.
$460— Han Carlos Villa lot: 100x160 feet.
$0700—60x127 :0 feet on Jackson at., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. i
6000— modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
pane; 25x137 ;Oi«et; eieciria road pauses houses;
make offer.
f 8600— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Cart
tibOH— choice building lota north of park.
Bargain— bW. cor. Fifth av. and c st. : 109x95 ft
SUBSTANTIAL _u__«K.Hoi..-h:v_i,i_i 1 i
9150 to 9-76 a room; parties contemplating
bnilding invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
~\(\(\ ♦-'**•■•*, Balance samk as itKsr,
«Jp «JUU tor a Dew bouse on eat fide of Cole st.,
near Wa ler: 8 rooms and bath; lar.-H lot J :.x 120;
all modern imiiro enn'ii *. ' \>- Iy on prem g»-t.
ATTORN'EIS-AT-I-AW.
'^DVJCe'fKKK— lIfv^KCKXAwSr}r spRCt"
J\ alty: private; no charge unless successful; _U
I».w suits, claims, col.eclioni, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended 10. U. W. iliiWK, att'y-at-law. b50 MarkeC
VUAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 633 PARKOTT
X\ bulldins: connultatloni free; moderate fees.
IMiOKE A MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parroit bulidln-: (Emporium).
DVICK FKKK: NO CHARGE UNLESS >UC-
ressf.il W. W. IjaVI" ON. 027 Mn.r«t»t s ■
PAIiTNERSHIP NOTH KS.
I" "iuvB -this da v vBounii", ' FRAVK~K
KAN "a interest in the New York M;.ble. at
507 Jessie st.; will not be responsible for any bills
hereafter contracted by him. M. J. AIcBKlDtt.
country real estate.
" hTumb5e1T& < o. "^^ ~~~—
. david bush,
manager country DKPARTMENT,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
COUNTRY PROPERTY will never BE
\J as cheap again.
C_C, n VOR 10 ACRES IN TWO-YKAR-OLD
tjp_li'U prun and almonds; 1% miles from
Orlano. Col. sa County.
<2»- PER ACHE: 640 ACRES SKAlt SAN
V" Miguel, Monterev County; improved with
house, barn and outbuildings: family orchard; a
profitable stooic ranch: will exchange.
ai; 1 PKK ACBX; 2000 ACKK NEAR RED
fjTU Bluff; on county road; a great bargain: will
exchange.
Qyji/m 167 AC ES N; AR SOLEDAD.
«4P«J\fUl/. Monterey County; good sugar-beet
land: good Improvements; will exchange. -
ROSS VALLI.Y LOT VILLA SITKS AND
2 handsomely improved places; 6 minutes'
walk from depot.
A /{ILL VALLi£Y-AN ELEGANTLY IM-
-» proved place; beautifully situated at about .
ha! cosu'
J^lfl 15 ACRES. 1 MILE FROM LOS
<iP~i cJVU. Gatos : on » prink ed road; all out In
French prunes: 1 acre In alfalfa; plenty of
water; catiin and barn; a beautiful place; will ex- '
change.
< ( i \ AAA 317 ACRES, NEAR WOOD-
«Jp 1 U.l'UU. land, Yolo County; splenili>l
ranch: all level and equipped with sock and i
tools: will ex huntre for San Francisco property.
L "It KKNT— sEViRAL FINK RA CUES IN i
i the bay counties to rent to cash reuters only:
particulars at office. ; • • ■■'
HA ACRESCHO1CEGRAINLAND.NEAR
X*'UU 00.I, and, Yolo Couu.y, for sale or ex-
change for flue residence or business property: i
this land is tree of Imumhrancea ana there must j
be No. 1 property submitted.
OK ACHES IN NAPA COUNTY; 15 ACRES
'-'O full-bearing orchard: on county road; good j
bouse, barn; complete set of implements; borse, |
cows, ch:cken»; everything first-class: sale or ex- :
change.
9 I A ACRES OK LAND IN PLEASANT VAL-
*-"'V/ ley; 180 res cultivated and balance can
be If cleared of tiu.Urr; house of 11 rooms; lar.e
barn: plenty of wa:er: ]uitihe place for a road-
house and store; will exchange.
EDWIN K. ALSIPACO.
Room 29, second floor, Mills building, San Fran-
cisco. > ;.',>
FOR RENT AT SAN PABLO.
Two ran; lies about 100 aorea each: choice land.
Apply at 32/ Montgomery nt, room 628.
■L'ORCKD SALE - CHOICE LEVEL FRUIT
y and vegetable land : 1 mile from Pleasan.on,
Alameda « ouniy; 1% hours from Han Francisco:
in small tracts, graded from t>20 per acre: title
per ec : biggest bargain in the state; must be sold;
lnvestlguta 67 Chronic e building. -
QTOCK RANCH AND VINE YARD IN NAPA
0 County; 1100 acres; 60 acres in wine crap, s:
good bulldinta and numerous springs: 91 5 an
acre: will exchange for property near San Frau-
clsca KASTu ,h, 1.LDRIL»GE A CO.. 6. .8 Market.
rro LEA8K- ACRES, Bay POINT STA-
1 tion, contra Costa. MISS NKELY, 1614 Bush.
SMALL HOMES ON" VERY~EASY~TE"RMS,
$2000; 10 acres fully Improved, near Santa
Kosa. 9250 j; 10 acres Napa City, 16 acres. 92600;
Napa City: all places have good Improvement*
tools, etc I.C. st. HARFF, 20 Montgomery st.
T^LOKISTS, ATTENTION — KOK ~KKNT, 8
X 1 acres at Baden. Sun .Mate- County: well im-
proved. ASHTO.V A GARDINER, 411 Montmny.
L ARMING THAT PAYS— 60 CUT. HORsR
X 1 beans per acre, s:5 tons ereen corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per ac re, l_00 bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate; richest land in California; In tracts from
6 acres up; also «rain and dairy land: price to
•Ult the times- terms to suit the buyer; don't buy-
poor land; the best li cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna, San Luis Obispo Co., 1 al.
AKGAIN — RANCH PLKVSANTLY SITU-
ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa; suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a I
fruit or chicken farm; large house and barn' '
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. o. ;
box 239, Napa. Cal.
NY ON K WANTING A KANCH FOR
gracing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay la required,
balance in 6 or 7 years apply 326 Montgomery st.
I 11TLJC HOMES. CLO-K To TOW.v. Tm~-
Xj proved: easy terms: also 4 to l'J acre pieces
on 8 anil 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City, every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
ALFB_CTIONOFUOODLAND1NTULARK \
County, for Improved or unimproved property !
in Berkeley or bu.u -rancisoo. Address A, box 87
Call Office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Qti on rlnn T LOWEST rates: city
«J»XUU. UUU and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD, BUcKBE. «fcCO., 218-220 Mont«y
A DVANCKS UN DlAMoNU.s, WATL'HK*
-T- jewelry, also 0:1 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JfcWtLlU
bTORE. »48 Market st. : open evenings.
MONKY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT 95 1NTER-
i'l eat per month for each f 1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lii« insurance, coin, box 2. Call.
MONEY LOANED ON JKWlLttV AN J
other valuables at the Pecurtty Loan Office.
Jl(jt)Marketsu.nr. Mason: private entranca 7 Tune
1 ilKKCT ON YOUH r'UK.M'1 UKK UK PlAN'U.
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest Km. 08. D-jnohun bids. 1170 Market su
ANY AMOUNT: 1ST, 'ill or 31) MOKiUAUK-J
iv estates, undivided interests, real estate la uro>
fc«l*. Jlel'OUlA.V. Montgomery, room 3.
QQnnn To LOAN ON GOOD KANCH IN
tlpOUUU hay counties at 8V_ percent H. D.
IRWIN, Lorln, Cal.
ANY AMOUNT; LOWEST BATE: 1ST A 3D
mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden.635 Cal.
CMTYRKALES1 A I E:ADV is ON Ht.S 1 8 I
) pianos, furniture. bPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS Off ANY GOOD
X security: low interest. N., box 15, Call Office, j
LOANS ON FURM.URE AND PIANOS
without removal; low Interest. R. 3, 216 Powell
A DVANCK.1ONDlAaiONiJS.JKVVKLKV. TO
/A Columbia Loan iv- Collateral oilire V i.ran: av».
OljXn 0"**; No DELAY: 1ST AND 3D MORT-
<IDtJU gages: Int. In estates. MURPHY. 638 iiritt
ONE\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
MoK'. /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
1 OANH ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
I J 24 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKERS.
BWIBE AND HAVE INTEREST;" MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Kate Loan and >e-
curlty otlice, r. 7. 1- lood bldg. : entrance 80» Mkt.
AT 126 KKAKNV hi.. 11OUM 9-MU.NKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: i')<*<! Tea for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL.
os_tT'on' u ha'nd' to loan y on" real
estate in lota of 9500 10 60,000; no delay.
W. H. BUSCH, 410 Pine st. _*
<{>|/W\ i T " LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
UU.' <\l\l Apply rm 2.'2. c :,! H te "gp.Bldg.
PKOPEUTY TO EXCHANGE.
C nnOUSES AND LOTS, F3tO_r^l250
-•" to $10,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 16,000
20 houses, Oakland, Alammia, a 1000 to... 8,0 0
100 buslneis places, all kinds, from 950 to. 4,000
WHAT HAVE V. U TO OFFERS .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property —
H. C. HKC Iv K 1020 Market at. opp. Fifth.
at £ r\f\ a exchTnUe FOU CITY OR OAK
<P'>*J\J\J. land improved property; 35 acres at
Petaluma: 11 acres orchard : h.trtj-flntshed bouse,
barn, windmill, tools, eta I. c. SCHAltFF, 20
Montgomery at. '
"I/OR EXCHANGE, NiCAR LOS GATOS, A
X I choice orchard home for good clear property in
San Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gatos, Cat. . .
liNDFOKOUR LIST I* OKCHARD HOVtas
tor sal*. WuomTKK A WH iri'iiN, >an Jos*.
]9mi Al HK> li.'.hKK J.A.NII, KKK.N- CO.
■l-'"'->: --• "■■ '•«' ■ -. . ■■ . V nt 16Catl
J,'; PKOl'KBTX WANTED. ~~~~~~
%V r ANTED-6 TO 15 ACKKr-i (l(ii)'i) LAND,
' ' with fruit trees, house, barn; lot of water;
everything complete for ranching; muit be cheap
for cash. Ad lr< F. s.. bo» 146. rail office. ■
MONEY rWANTiSD. ~~
TTnn^^^^~^^"^T"7*To^T^u^
■ *)\r\ i country real estate. M.. box 1 :■(. fail.
li_KK_LKV l'.KAL ESTATE.
NICEST RESIDENCE CO^^ER~IN~BERK&
ley, cheap: Durant ave. and College ways all,
atreet work done; 50xl3ci-. a beauty. J. P. ROSS
lU)5 1uritBU ,
<8jkM» Fl)tt A 6- 10051 COTTAGE, LARGE
«4J50U»Mot, bath, etc.-. easy terms. W. C.
MOHAN, Lorln station. Berkeley. . °
<%! Z.(U\ FOK A 6 "' ;OOM COTTAGE AND
*ipXO\J\J an acre of ground: 9600 ra*h. balance
to suit purchaser. W. C. MOR ...\ Lorln station
Berkeley. ■ . '
»^7^n SUITABLE FOR a CHICKEN
UP L I O\J, ranch nearly an acre of ground right
in the center of beau Berkeley, front. ng on
the railroad. Jus. J. MAaO.N, Dwlght way station.
OUU HUMr.s Hjtt WiXt «>lt lOrt ,>ALK
yj on easy Mrnn •>- i». MAY * co.. real «st_i«
t.nlliilp" »nt loans '.'l'^lVrv <>;; H«rif^>g,
11ERKELEY HOUSES.
F^OR RENT IN BERKELEY, CONVENIENT
F to train, school and unlvrrslty: a completely
furnished house of 9 rooms: bath and laundry
with stable ana chicken-bo cheap todesi able
tenant. Address MI NOT SCOTT, Berkeley P. O.,
Cal. ' ' ' ■ -* - • ■' ■
FRUITVAIE REAL ESTATE.
L"l!ll I VAl.K T^KSTi^lTTllA^TTcLOsErTO
T Frultvale Nation — Lots $-irU. THE McCAR-
I m IVMH ANY. 64riMarketat.8. F.
iu UCAMJL
T^R~^lTTrTMJK Tk"A~?i^5O^V : ARX~L7)T Si
X 1 cd,-. Polk and Jncksoa : ; sis.: rent 960 per
uoui_. Address J. t>., 4-7 Sansona su, _. it.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOb s ROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
THE FOLLOWING is OCR BARGAIN LIST.
11 you will call within the next ten days we
win sell you a borne at 40 per cent lets than its
value.
fl?9f»KM 2-STORY. 8-ROOM HOUSE; ALL
■ »IT — \>>J''. modern; never occupied: lot 36x
100: Thirty-t lrrl St., bet Grove and West. A. H.
BLOW, li>10 Broadway.
1 5-tfin n-Room cottage; lot
I -f I CUU. 33:0x100. Tenth st , near Union;
, must be sold to close up an es-.ate. m»ke Offer;
easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
Qt^OOO AN ELEGANT 9-ROOM. 2-STORY
«4PUUUu. house; all modern: lot 10x90: easy
; terms; this property is worth $700a A. H.
■ BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
$n.dOO SEVEN-UOOM. 2-STORY HOUSE
'ipnuu. on OaK St.. near Seventh: lot 20x70:
a good buy; easy term*. A. 11. BLOW, 1010
Broadway. V-:'v;, ;
©9700 TWO-STORY, EIGHT ROOMS;
— I v'v. nil new and modern; never been oc-
cupied: lot 35x153: street work a'l don': best
residence locality in Oakland: this property Is
worth $3500. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
| "I AH LOTS IN GLAM.-OCK TRACT, ON HAN
1 lV Pablo avenue, bet. Thirtieth and Thirty-
second sts.: these desirable lots will be sold cheap
and on easy teim*. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
ffl»9A7P\ TWO-STORY HOUSE: ALL NEW
tlT- Uli), and modern: just finished: corner lot,
60x100, located on Twenty-third su «nd 'twenty-
fifth ave., East Oakland; small cash payment,
balance to suit customer. a. H. BLOW, 1010
Broadway. -•.■■•■".'.-•■>■■-. 4:---/j.......
Of-tfxfl TWO-STORY 6-ROOM. HOUSE;
VO\J. Just finished; lot 50x135; Carleton
St., near Dwlght-way station, Berkeley; small cash
mem and buiauce to suit customer. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
©I COO BFVEX-R0>M COTTAGE; MOD-
ibLCVJV. em: lot 33x116. Tenth st, near
Union; small cash payment, balance to suit cus-
tomer. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
TTO I FOR FITCH BURG! .
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
. FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, BAN LEANDRO AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND i RaINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STRKET, TO
FITCH KG STATION IN
fcFOKTY-FIVE MINUTES.
A Umeda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fitchburg scorcher, li ay wards electric
curs from Oakland every few minutes.
If yon are tired of life and want 10 get off the
earth, stay where yon are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous In FUch-
burg.
Fitcbbnrg Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public a' d private Im-
provements In 1 be vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by ijau>on's line of fast-sailing vessels on
: ak an i harbor, arid the excellent count r>ads
leading to It. are tncon estible proof,. It"ls regu-
larly laid out into blocks and .ots bounded b wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
Nil* in THE TIMii TO BUY.
For a home while cheap: for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for Investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracts in
an lnaocessib:e hay field.
Lots 25 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent rash ; deferred payments in easy Installments ;
title perfect.
W. >'. Met LURK, 19 Montgomery St.. 6. F.
THAI). S. FITCH. Fltchburg.
HURST— WE HAVE a GRAND oppor-
tunttv for somebody with $600 or $1200.
WARNER & CO.. 465 Ninth 81, Oakland.
<a-'7C LOTS: ( LOSING BALK: FINE LOIS IN
tlT 1 O the Alien. la Tr ct, near Fruitvale ave.:
level and ready to buldon; streets all graded: 2
electric roads near by, one on its way through the
tract; fine scbooihouse close: this is the garden
spot of ua : land : to see It is to buy : carriages tree
$5 cash, 85 monthly: 468 Ninth St., Oakland. H. .
Z. JONES, owner. *
C>|U 7-ltO >M COTTAGE; SPLENDID LO-
tjp 1 D. cation: ha f a block from electric line;
references required CUKTIS, Twenty-seventh
ave.. near Kast Fourteenth st, Fruitvale.
/ lizV COTTAGE IN FKUITVAl.r. FOR SALE,
\J or to rent, furnished or unfurnished; part or
the who e Address or apply to MRS. C. G. JA8-
PER, Fr mont ave., cor. East Four etnth St.
REDUCED FROM $25 TO $16— COTTAGE 6
rooms; batn; laundry; attic: pure water;
; large lot; 1143 Nineteenth St., East Oakland!
WILLIAM STONE, 1139 Kast Nineteenth st
I yAKMS— I HAVE FA it MS FOR SALE AT
| X 1 one-third value; taken on mortgage; easy pay-
ments. Address M. AVERS, 610 Twelfth st
Oakland.
QQ^n Ml ACRE ALL IN FRUITS 2 YEARS;
<JPUUl». small house, etc. near Fruttvale. AL-
DEN <fe KltONK.N BEHG. 90- Broadway.
(B? 97f\n FINE 2- STORY HOUSE, 7 ROOM8,
«ITi. I %J\J. bath and modern; gooi lot, all street
work complete; within 2 blocks of station to san
Krai. Cisco: nicely located and ?ood neighborhood-
this place i.i well worth 83500. ALD&N it
KRONENBKRO, 902 Broadway.
/ MTV REblDENCK TO I XCHANGE FOR
\J country. ALDEN & KRONEN BERG, 902
Broadway.
QgQOO SNAP; NEW HOUSE OF 3 LARGE
<J}U\J\J. rooms, pantry and closets: 7-foot base-
ment: barn: chicKen-bouse; tot 100x105; all
fenced; only 4 blocks from station. H. A. FLEIT-
NER. Fruitvale station.
1 1 ACRES IN BLACKBKRRIES, AND GOOD
J.8 well; splendid soil; only 4 blocks from elec-
tric cars; $850. H. A. PLtlTNER, Fruitvale
Station.
» NOTHER NEW 4-ROOM COTTAGE-HOME-
-tt. $60 cash; $15 per mo.: Fruitvale Terminal
Tract D. PRATT. Fruitvale Station.
ILL BUILD COTTAGES; FIRST CASH
payment $10 to $160, balance monthly; 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance, i.. L .M. SALSBTRY, 90S Broadway.
Y Bl'KClALTY IS ~~ '
HOUlsE-RENTING IN
-" OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6- room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND SHU MOKE..
WM. M. DkWOLF, House- broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
HE TURLINGTON, NK COIU NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suites
cau now be obtained; table unexcelled; reason-
able rates: unquestioned respectability.
l cite ok rooms and BOARD IN sunny
1 ■ East Oakland; cars pass the ■ door: large
grounds: pleasant home for invalid or elderly per-
son. 1683 Fourth ave.. East Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— 1435 PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ORSAXB^ ~"^~ "■ "~ ~
FOR SALE—
House 8 rooms and bath. Central ave. : nous* 4
rooms, lirand si.: cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
Ban Francisco property. Apply
1. ASTON, KLD1UDGE * CO.
638 Market st.
San Francisco. CaL
<£^OO LOT 50x150; GOuD LOCATION;
ijTU^'V. easy terms.
$1300—33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
ea^y terms.
iy 3 acres at Fruitvale, with good 4- room cot-
taa<-. price $1600.
$5000—60x150; house of 9 rooms and bath. .
be>t LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property; house
of 7 rooms a d bath; corner let; cen rally located.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda 1 Land Company,
1500 Par* si.. A a rand a.
ALAMKDA HOUSES TO LET.
rpo LET, TO RESPONSIBLE PaTTi^sTaI?
1 11-room house with car. els. mantel . mirrors,
curtain-poles; ' large garden, wi I be taken caie of;
on central ave., one bock from .Morion-si, station
N. G. R. li. Addrew A B C. box 76. this ntllcf.
STOKAOK.
A"^T^L^W^rXtE^FURn1 TURK, '' AR Ptfifti
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, light compartments^
advances made. J NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mis-
sion, above Hxin: open evenings. - -
TUKA(iK-LH..Al'E8TLN '1 HE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 2il Larkln.
L> U UN 1TI •:. iT A NO TKUNK>: A i>
V viiiices. >hlMPinir."» HAS. T* T\YLQK.2O4 Post.
PBOFKaglOJTAL CAKDS.
JOHN K. it ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM3
- V $ and . 27, Crocker - building; telephone Maia
75, Kan Francisco, Col. • - . ;.
OHN U. AiTKi-.N AND MAURICE L. ASHKR."
attys a: Jaw, rxus 510, 516, 5.ii lloor.i'arroii Uldg.
HOPSES ' TO t,ET. f
RAO HAIGHT.9 ROOMS. B4TH.LAUN-
vJ"t»'dry, cem nt cellar, etc.... $50 00
1717 Bnx.'erlck. 8 rooms, bath, new plumb-
Ing, n ■ wiv jain ed and decorated 40 00
2812 i olsom. 12 rooms, both, laundry 37 60
7-6 shoiweH, 9 rooms, bath.,... 30 00
r>33Capp, 8 rooms, b-th....... 25 00
8360 Twent -lirs , near Guerrero, 7 rooms,
bath, front and rear garden 22 60
Fifi- enth, near Howard, 6 rooms, bath..... 211 00
8.9 Natoma, 6 rt>oii:8, walking dl tance ... 16 0
2 13 i. Union, 6 rooms, bath, neat cottage.. 16 00
l(H9Capp, 6 rooms.......... 14 00
1036 .sanctiez, 6 rooms, bath 12 60
434 Lexington ave, 5 room batn 12 00
W. H. CRI & co., 118 Montgomery st.
WALLER STT; KI CORNER — NIC":
bouse: 10 rooms and ath; sun all day; $40.
Apply MADISON A BURKE.
90'^ OOUGH^NICE*HOUSE; 9 KOOMS AND
£\JO bath; $30. MADISON A BURKE.
fJ AV i FELL— LARGE LOT; HOUSE, 8 ROOMS;
'"''- b,tl.:$35. Apply MaI-Iso.N A BUKKE.
» -HTOi HOCnh; tf BOOMS: BATH: RENT
— $J-2, with water. 521 Oc avta st.
sU-NV HOUSK: SIX ROOMS; BATH; RENT
■ $18. 1706 Baker st. !_____
HOUSE 7 RO. MS; FURNISHED OR UN-
turnlshed; conservatory; tiled un;hr.om;
Brouiuls; rent low to responsible tenant. 434 Bart-
leu sl, near Twenty-flfih.
<2i«.>C MODKRN SUNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS:
- O. bath; large flower-garden; cellar. 613
Grove at.
LARUE SUNNY HOUSK; BaTU: YARD AND
stable; r- nt reasonable. 2943 Hownrd st.
1 O'-^n ALABAMA, NEAR TWENTY-T1URI>
J \JOVJ —House of 7 rooms aid stable; low rent.
©9,*: HOI i OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
1JP4.O. gunny side. 617 Webster st.
1 I L MBARD ST—4 SUNNY ROOMS;
11/ 1 large yard ; rent »10.
HOU8E i'F 7 SUNNY ROOM8: BATH; BIG
yard- reason a b:e rent. 128 Tenth at.
I. INE MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOM-; BATH;
» conservatory; ho -air heaters. 2919 California.
HOUSE AND LOT; 5 KOOilS: BATH; CON-
sfrva ory; c liar, garden. 2439 Larkin st.
OR" .<• TWENTY-SECOND, Nit. DOLORES— 6
OOOkj nice sunny rooms and bath; rent $12 BO.
p. ROOMS; BATH; LAKGE YARD; BUNNY
0 side; reduced to $18. 412 Fen au
SUNNY 8- ROOM HOUSE — FIRST-CLASS
style; rent $45. 19u9 Buchanan at. _^
OR THE CHOICEST LIST OF HOUSES GO
to A. J. KICH & CO., Real Estate Agents, 112
Montgomery sU . .-.. ~\.'-;
1 X- (\ TAYLOR— H 'USE.10 ROOMS;
- 1 O—\f bath; fine view; rent reasonable.
HOUSE OF~4 ROOMS, i URNISHED; BENT
$14. Apply 615 Second st. ,
8 BOOMS', BATH, LAUNDRY AND INFIN-
C> lshed basement; front and rear yard for flowers
on quiet, delightful street; opposite private park;
32 50. DKMPsiKR. 36 Glen Park ave.. off 12th.
ELKGAN T KUNNY HOUSE, 12 ROOMS; COR.
JJU rwmty-flrst and Guerrero sts. ; tine view-eleo-
trlc cars very low rent; aee It. Key at corner.
0*0 HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS; FINE VIEW;
<g)O. healthy. 1671 Kearny St., nr. Greenwich.
©T7T 11 1 ERIE ST.; 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
•4/XU. newly papered and painted throughout;
large yard; cheapest rent in town; water free.
Apply R. McELROY, 4 Phelan building.
T^LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS: MOD-
X-t eru improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Mc-
Allister at. .
OUSEB TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S. 10
Montrornerv at.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
01 7 EDDY, NEAR VAN NES^-COMPLETE^
~ I • ly furnished; 12 rooms, long or short term.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
LAT-8 ELEGANT NEWLY FURNISHED
rooms; $300. 967a Howard st.
O L T— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE: 8
rooms; bath; 114 Liberty su, near Guerrero;
rent $45. L. A. aOUC & CO.. 466 Valencia iu
7-ROOMED HOUSE, FURNISHED OH UN-
» furnished. 1312 Pine «t.
COTTAGES TO LET.
fflfon —7 R^6^S^A^irElA^r^"4^1SAIGHT".
y)>)U. $16— 6 rooms and bath; 943 Fourteenth.
$9—5 ro ma and stable; Army St., cor. Potrero
ave. NICOL, 634 California st. ...
rpWOCOlTA ES: 4 AN 5 ROOMS; BATH;
X rent $9, $14. 827 Cumberland st.
UNN Y COTTAGES. 4 AND 6 ROOMS, BATH,
O yard and stable. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
Vlfc 1 A Kl v COTTAGE IN TOWN, 3 TAY »T.,
tJP I li.«J> '. off Clay, bet. Powell and Mason.
pOTTAGE 4 ROOMS: BATH: LARGE YARD;
\J basement; snnny side. 1114 Hampshire st.
9QA HICKORY COTTAGE 4 ROOMS;
£.O\J yaM: water: cellar. Apply 317 Fell st.
flj» 1 1 ALMOST N EW COTTAGE OR SMALL
«I) 1 X . family, 271 Parker ave. nr. Geary si.
pOTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH; LARGE
\J yard; fine view: 23U3 Polk st.
pOTTAGE 6 ROOM - BaTH, STABLE, YARD,
\J large basement; rent $15. 107 Germanla st.,
near Fillmore.
* TO 6 KOOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
*i $10 to $16. SPECK A CO., 603 Market st.
9K9J. MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAUE 8
■"«•! rooms bath: yard: flower garden: $18.
FURNISHED FLATS.
AT A "(SACRIFICE— NicELY^FuS
nlshed flat: 7 rooms: bath. 126 Prove st.
FLATS TO 1£T.
Ql Q9 wTbhingto^TboombI
OlOZ bath $32 50
10'-'6 Valencia, 6 rooms, bath 23 50
2518 Mission St.. 6 rooms, bath 22 60
17 Hermann, 6 rooms, bath 20 00
58 Tetiarua, 6 rooms ' 18 00
824 Filbert, 5 rooms, bath, marine view 18 00
207 second. 7 rooms 18 00
Filbert 6 room* ' 16 00
421 Mississippi, 5 rooms, bath, $16; 4
rooms and bath, near Union Iron Works 14 00
II McLea Court, 4 rooms, bath 14 00
116 Dorland, 6 rooms '... 14 00
W. H. CR1M CO., 118 Montgomery st.
ctavia, bet waller and haight,
opp Va'encia; rent greatly reduced: the cheap-
e.it flats in the city: sun all day; will be put In first-
class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $20 and $25.
MaDIsON «fe BURKE, 626 Market st. .
Ql '» HYDE— MOST ELEGANT FLAT
t/XO in the city; 8 rooms, bath, butler's pantry,
etc; 5 minutes from Kearny or Market sts.; $50.
Apply MADISON & BURKE.
SUNNY NOB HILL FLAT, OPP. 8TAN-
for i's, 8 rooms, $40; also 7 rooms, $35.
T^ESIRABLE FLATS OF 3 ROOMS: IN PER-
XJ feet order; Margaret place, off Turk; only a
few steps from Markets.; rent reduced to $12:
water free: rubbish removed gratis; keys 114
j Turk st. Apply BOVEK, TOY A SONNTAO.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, o»
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
centimes to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ave.
\V HY PAY $-6TO«3O PER MONTH RENT
' » when yon can get a sunny flat of 5 rooms and
bath In Mission warn' belt for $16 per month,
water free. E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second st.,
cor. of Mission. '
SUN ?J Y MIDDLE FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND
bath; rent reasonable. 871 Shot well st.
99c TWELF.H— UPPER BUNNY FLAT; 8
£i£*O reoras and bath.
PPER FLA I. B ROOMS; BATH: CELLAR;
opposite Lurllne Baths. Key 1212 Larkln at.
fflljl UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOM^; HALL;
t£)JLU. double parlors. 1606% Stevenson st.,
near Eighteenth.
1>ENT CHEAP; FLAT; 4 NIC ROOMS. 515
it Thirteenth, bet. Guerrero and Market sts.
1491 OCTAVlA. NR. SUN.nY BAY-
I'i — 1 window flat; 6 rooms; gas and bath and
stationary washtubs.
9kQ»j pine— handsomely furnished
£C*iJO sunny flat; 6 rooms a id bath. Apply
Sunday, Monday and TueaJay, 1 to 3.
ICE SUNNY FLA 1 ; 7 ROOMS; BATH; $23.
1> 1714 Howard hi., nr. Thirteenth.
CJ.-ir\ « ROOMS, BATH, RANGE, SUNNY
OIU, porch, Jersey and Sanchez sts.: $10. 5
rooms, bath, 25 Chattanooga at., bet. Twenty- flrst
and Twenty-second.
l^LAT 1215 JACKS. >N, NbAR LEAVEN-
J? worth ; 1 Iso 1454 Leaven worth, corner Jackson ;
each contains 6 rooms and bath tllemameU; por-
celain tub; nearly .mw: rent, $26 and $27 50.
m»"l 1 FLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOM", AND YARD,
tjll. 4a -ho: well St., near Fourteenth. -_
aiTi NEW *LAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH; SUN
0 I •'• nil day; 1226 Union su 5-room flat:
1301 Pacific st. '
IpiNELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 7 ROOMS;
" gas s.ove. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ave.
SUNNY MIDDLE FL.T; 4 ROOMS AND
bath and yard. 10 Shot well, neir Fourteenth.
TVTICK SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 RoTTms
XI and bath: $27 50, 883 Haight. corner Webster
■ Jj. 1 ~ * IV;. LARGE SUNNY )M-, YARD
*IP-Lt J. and ee.lar: water free. 1 . 2lVi Folsum.
UPPEB KLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH; $14. 2178
Fifteenth, near Marseu
MOD . RN SUNNY LOKNER FLATS, 7 AND
*d 8 rooms. Inquire at 4l7Va Third st.
<J>(k 2 8U.SNY 4-ROOM FLATS an d porch.
Up O 71 Boyce »u. off Point Lobos ave.
SUNNY UPP..B FLAT— 6 ROOMS. BATH,
laundry: modern improvements; reasonable.
28 nho.we.i St.
L LAT-5 ROOMS, BATH; STABLE. 18 BY-
X ing on ave. '
. H- ARMY, NEAR '• 1 COM-
•' I O pl»ted: ■ sunny modern upper flat; - 6
rooms; ch« ap
KAUT1FUL8-KOOMED,DOLBI-E.MODERX
t • flat, corne.,sunny,iiecor 2 baths; rent $35.
reduced from *40. Apply 1 Vi scott su.nr. Haight,
1 Q9'-J.l S.ACKAMENTO— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS;
Ou< >•< gas; bath: rent $6.
L^RhNCii FLAT 7 ROOMS BATH AND
fJC stationary nashtubs; newly lint d; suitable for
doctor. Corner '1 wenty-thlrd and Guerrero ata.
/L 1 JIENCH FLAT OF 4 ROOMS, BATH AND
I stationary washtnbs. Twenty-third and Guer-
rero 513. .
f^OVELVNEW^T^UOMUPPKR FiTatTnAT^
XJ ural pine finish;. opposite Park panhhndle; 1606
Fell-st. boulevard; just the plac; for in valla ; sun
In every room; pure air; good view.
C« I X WAT ETT""F RE E— LOVKLY UPPER
ip I O. modern 5-room flat: Inclosed glass porch.
4079 Twenty-third St., 105 feet from Castro-su
cars: key at 4075; must be seen to be a 1 predated.
L'LiT OF 3 R OMS, BATH; UkWLY PA-
r pered: Mission warm belt. 3513 Twenty-first
nt., near Valencia.
C£\ A WAT KB FrtEK — L VKLY LOWER
u> I 1. modern 4-room flat; sun all day. 15 Pond
St., hair block from Market and sixteenth.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT FIVE
rooms and bathroom; rent $20. 1052 Polk
St., near C ay.
UNNY, NEW, MOOKRN i, AND 5 ROOM*:
wood mantels, p>rcelain tubs, tile sinks; Clay-
ton st., 600 feet at ove Frederick.
Ir^LAr 4 OR 6 KOO.MS, BATH; CHEAP. 1513
I Taylor fit., bet. Pacifl.: «nil Broadway.
UPPER FLAT OF 6 NICK SUNNY ROOMS;
U rent $15 p r month. 434 Clementina «t.
Sunny' BAY-WINDOW flat. 1710 wash-
ington, nr. Polk: 6 rooms: bathroom: rent $26.
OWER B Y- WIN DOW Ft. AT; 6 LARGE
ruis; yard. 3.' MOM, bet, etli and 7th. off. Howit.
CJi j K 5 SUNNY KOOM.-: BAY-WINDOW.
<IP 1 «*. 28V3 Wesi Mission, uearlwelitb.
UPPER AT, 4 ROOMS, BATH: 2 BAY-
windows; sunny sltie: $14. 41h'jj Lily ave.
>'INK SUNN Y UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND
X bath. 100t5 Jackson st.. above Mason
TTPPKR FLAT, 4 ROOM.-*, BATH, LAUNDRY
*-> tub, tiled sink, door opener, eUctric bells, etc.,
overlorkiug private park, $20: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, $26: all In
perfect condition: on Twelfth at. DEMPSTER,
»6 Ol en Park ave.
J SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH; SF.COND
*3 floor: clean; delightful private street, $16.
1)1 MPSTKR, 36 Glen ParK ave., off Twelfth.
REDUCED To $16; NICE 4- ROOM FLATS;
-IV 6, 12 and 22 Birch ave., off Larkin, opp. City
Hall; newly papered, decorated. SHAINWALD,
BUCKBKE <E CO., 21» and 2itO Monttomerst.
SW.COR. FOLSOM AND THIRTEENTH s-TB.—
2 upper flats, 6 and 5 rooms and bath; 1 cot-
tage, G rooms and batn and stable for 1 horse and
wagon ; rent reasouabie. Apply at 113 Thirteenth
St., near Folsom.
VJ1CE, COZY FLAT; MODERN IMPROVE-
i.1 meats; large yard: chicken-house; have to be
seen to be appreciated. 35 Sharon st. (Fifteenth
and Market sts.). •
Ti^LAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; FINELY DEC-
1 orated. 925 Greenwich st. .
QJ To 4 NEAT ROOMS. 932a CAPP ST.,
tJP • «-. near Twenty-lift
mWO NICE FLATS; 6 AND 6 ROOMS; BATH;
A cheap. 787 Minna St., near Ninth.
SUNN TOP FLAT: 4 ROOMS; ALL LATEST
improvements. 713 Grove st. ,
(I;in UPPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
<jp.LV/. yard; ail separate. 4212 Nineteenth at.
A 1 Q !-TEVEN80N— HOUSE 9 ROOMS IN 2
ri IO flats, newly papered; painted; large yard;
$25, water free.
llf.1 GUERRERO, CORNER TWENTY-
XX OX. fourth— 4, 6 and 7 rooms; sunny flats:
812, $16 and $18. "
VTICE SUNNY FLATS OF 4 OR 5 ROOMS AND
i-> bath: reasonable. 6 Dearborn st., oft be ven-
teenth, above Valencia.
\,\f ANTKD— 200 GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»» from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market st.
"C<LATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S. 10
■Montgomery st. ; 1 ./:t -.v>
SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
$11, $10 and .59. 2"41 Ha-rlson. opp. lfith.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Avery Street.
6 AVERT, OFF POST ST., NR. FILLMORE—
furnished rooms for bath aud housekeeping,
$13 60. .
Bush Street.
9Q BUSH— 2 PARTIALLY FURNISHED
XjX^O rooms for light housekeeping. •
■t-tldy Street.
91 Q EDDY— 2 CONNECTING ROOMS, $9, IN
A X O rear; 2 single, sunny rooms, $6.
Ql C KDDY— 3 OR4UNFURNISHKD ROOMS;
UXO fine location: private family; reference.
Eighth Street.
I AQ EIGHTH— NICE, SUNNY, FURNISHED
X.\JU room, complete for houseceeping; cheap.
Ellis Street.
£QQ ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— SUNNY BAY-
IJOU window; kitchen: water; gas-stove; bath.
i iJtli Street.
1 A.A FIFTH ST.— NICELY furnished,
1 T" 1 "! sunny rooms, single or In suit; also for
housekeeping.
QAQ FIFTH— CORNER; SUNNY BAY-
O\Jo window rooms; $8, $10; light house-
keeping. ,--.' , .; '
fourth Street. ~~
99C FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS: SUIT-
Zj^jO able for light housekeeping; also single.
IUI7 MWl .
C£ 99 f\(\ FOR ADULTS; 6 COMFORTABLE
<.U'/. rooms: bath; all necessaries; 2 beds;
reference required. 1917 Geary st.
drove Street.
mGROVE-4 SUNNY WELL-FURNISHED
housekeeping rooms; rent reasonable; no
children. i ■
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED ROOMS FOB
±dV housekeeping; also single.
Harrison Street.
/TQQ HARRISON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
I OV rooms for housekeeping; no children.
Howard Street.
rTAI HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
I tl all modern Improvements.
rjAl* HOWARD — SUNNY FRONT ROOM.
I trU with kitchen; furnished; housekeepg: $12.
QQ1 HOWARD— PARLOR FLOOR: 3 ROOMS,
COX kitchen; furnished or unfurnished; reason-
able;
-1 A7A HO WARD — WELL - FURNISHED
1 IN \J sunny front suite and kitchen; bath;
cheap. ■
1 AQ1 HOWARD— ROOM, SUITABLE FOR
1UJ1 light housekeeping; $6. Apply In barber-
shop.
TClQi HOWARD— NICE HOUSEKEEPING
It) ID rooms, furnished or unfurnished
17c' HOWARD, NEAR FOURTEENTH—
X lOO Alcove parlor: large kitchen; new and
nicely furnished; every convenience; sun all day;
rent $20; reference.
Hyde Street.
1 fulfil HYDE, cor. PINE— 2 SUNNY CON-
1UU'')J necting front rooms, $10; 8, $12 60;
unfurnished.
Ivy Avenue.
Ql K IVY AVE., OFF FRANKLIN ST., BET.
Oil) Hayes and Grove 3 sunny , furnished
rooms: exclusive kitchen; adulti onl.'; $16.
Jessie street.
ftp A JESSIE— 3 NICE ROOMS, UNFUR-
O\J nl.ihed: yard; cellar; rent $12. '-SStggS*
ones - reei,.
Ql R JONES— FOR LIGHT HOUSEKEEPING,
OXO 3 furnished rooms; upper floor.
Uikm Mttiet.
Q9£ LARKIN— 3 ANT SUNNY HOUSE
O—U keeping apartments: central.
Lewis Street.
1 (* LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST— 3
ID unfurnished sunny upstairs rooms; $11.
Market street,
-I AQ9 MARKET — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X\JoZi keeping rooms in rear, $2: single $1 up.
1 Ql 9 market— suite FRO. rooms
lOI £ and kitchen, furnished complete for
housekeeping; also single.
;>»ni: h -trio..
Ql O MINNA — CHEAP HOUSEKEEPING
OiU rooms.
Q^9 MINNA — SUITE OF ROOMS FOB
OVZ, housekeeping. ; .
F.Al> MINNA -LAKGE SUNNY FURNISHED
tJ'tl) rooms, comple e for housekeeping.
.1. IKK on • no..
1 AQQ MlS8IO>-2 NfWLY FURNISHED;
1 \JOO parlor floor: •lector's office or housekeep-
ing rooms, • ...
ifiK'-' 1 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
J.v/Ut.'2 rooms: housekeeping and others. . .
I 91 Q .MISSION" — FURMSHKD HOU8E-
lZ.Xt? keeping r>oms: g<s: bath ; ni c'i::>i"»n
1t>9A MISSION, Nit .m.Siu-i, A TTT7
l''*-U suuny front bay-window housekeeping
room: $10. . . ~"
I »if: (^MISSION, COR. NINTH-2 LARGE
1-iJI sunny front housekeeping rooms; $14.
Nttvonit Silent. . ■
NATOMA — 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS.
\JO furnished for housekeeping; yard; $8.-' ■-
9kh NATOMA-2 SUNNY UNl UHNISHED
— OVi housekeeping rooms; 2 closets; $8.
in 111 Street. ~~~ ~~
9A NINTH, NR. MARKKT-FPONT SUITES
£»\J lor light housekeeping or single: grate.
0 1 S . TH -BAY-WINDOW ROOM 8 > OR
— X light housekeeping ; runn water: also
others. • , ; -
-J »-9 NINTH-FRONT AND BACK PaRl.-R
I - — suite, furnished for housekeeping; gag and
bath; cheap.
Additional Classified Advertise*
* ments on Page 12*
1112
3OUSKKEi:riNU KOOMS — Continued.
Oak street.
VtA rr OAK-TWO LARGE UNFURNISHED
urt I rooms, suitable for housekeeping; $8.
Octavia Street.
I /tHQ OCTAVIA, COR. GKARY— FURNISH-
LHyJO ed or partly: bay-windows; kitchen; gas-
Itove: 912 up.
Pearl Street.
i) PEARL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA-
D Front and back parlor; furnished for nousekng.
~~~~ Point Lodoi Avenue.
r>l 9A POINT LOBO^2 FURNISHED SUN-
_. J _-U nr rooms for housekeeping; bath; no
ihlldren; 912.
M'loml Street.
1 "I C SECOND-NICE CLEAN FURNISHED
LI O rooms: from 91 up.
ACin SECOND — KUNNY ROOMS; HOUSE-
£,__! keeping; water; bath: oiher rooms; $i up.
Silver Street.
1 Art 8ILVER-3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
L\JV front rooms, large kitchen and yard, for
>ousekeepiug. ■
.- Ill l! S' •■!•* .
m SIXTH — ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
housekeeping; elegant sunny suites and
tingle rooms.
South Park.
~O SOUTH PARK— 3 PARTLY FURNISHED
1 -- housekeeping rooms; 910 ma : quiet, private.
• mid ■.««■>.
pOLTON HOUSE,*220 THIRD ST.; SINGLE
\J suites, light housekeeping, 96 up; yard.
Twentieth Street.
O/»99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA—
OU— «-< 3 sunny connecting furnished rooms;
lousekeeplng.
Twenty. sixth Street.
nn/jfr TWENTY -SIXTH ST., NR. MISSION—
OOD • Furnished, sunny housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent.
Van .Ne*» Avenue.
71 A VAN NESS AVE. — SUNNY FRONT
I IU rooms, completely furnished tor house-
keeplng: 918.
BOOMS TO L_T.
15u-.Ii Street
797 BUSH. FIRST FLOOR-SUNNY FUR-
1 — I nished rooms: salie; single; housekeeping.
DeTisadero Street.
1 QOQ DEVISADKRO. COR. CALIFORNIA—
J OOP Elegantly furnished sunny rooms.
i »irty street.
I EDDY— RENOVATED AND NEWLY FUR-
X nished sunny rooms; suites, single.
A -I EDDY, COR. MASON— BEAUTIFUL SUN
.1 X ny rooms; permanent and transient; tel
Jessie 211.
(•no eddy— large sunny, well-fur-
DUO niabed room; crate; suitable tor 1 or 2.
JC.jtilt h . nuti..
CHKRMA^ ArARTMEKT HOTTSK, 5« BTH
0 n:.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
i-'iln S) ree..
rPHK BAMO5A, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATK &
X ART, manager— A ntr.oc house: centrally lo-
rated; newly furnished: elevator: hot cola water.
91 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O— 'X lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
79fk ELLIS— NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
I — \J forl or 2; reasonable.
09 I WKLL-KURNISKEDROOMS IN
O_ 1 private family; gas. bath.
A- li 1 it Street.
■I 9 FIFTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, HOUSE
XU_i keeping rooms and unfurnished rooms: 94
up.
loliom Street.
C 9 C FOLSOM — LARGE. SUNNY, FUR-
O—O nished room; $6 month: light housekeeping.
( ( r7 FOLSOM— 8UNNY ROOMS; WELL FUR-
♦ O 1 nUhed; front, 92; outside, 91 25 upward,
per week.
(U«C FOLSOM, COR. SIXTH— NEW, ELE-
«M»»» gant lodgings; satiable office dentist or
physician.
lni'Jl FOLSOM, SINGLE FRONT ROOM;
XUXOa rent 94.
fourth > trees.
9991 FOURTH-FINE SUNNY COR. ROOMS
_ UJ— H cheap; also housekeeping suite.
Franklin Street.
mA FRANKLIN —WELL - FURNISHED
sunny room; also one unfurnished.
Freelon Street.
1 9A FREELON— NICE LARGE FURNISHED
X .—1/ room to rent.
Fulton Street.
7 FULTON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• rooms.
tieury *> eet.
91 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOM3 IN REAR;
__ 1 I cottage: key premises.
A 1 Q OKARY— RENOVATED AND NEWLY '<
±XV furnished suites and single; or housekpng. |
C 1 Q GKARY — KLKC5 A \ 1 SU.»NY PAR-
010 lors; single or en suite: other sunny rooms. ]
791 GEARY — NICKL\ FURNISHED
I — X rooms: rent reasonable.
77_ GEARY— ELEGANT SUITE; BEAUTI-
• •' fully furnished: suitable for physician;
reasonable.
Uolden bate Avenue.
9"! Q GOLDEN GATE AVE. - PLEASANT
—■XC7 sunny bay-window room; also single; 95 np.
'JO (• GOLDEN GATE AVET^FRONT AND
OOU back sunny rooms; desirable location;
very cheap.
1 GOLDEN GATE AVE.— 4 UNFUR-
J O\JO nished. sunny rooms; nice garden; yard, i
Harrison Street.
9A9Q. HARRISON. NEAR TWENTY-SEC-
_-U_-«J ond— 4 rooms; water and ashes free;
rent 89.
Hayes Street.
QQQ HAYES, NR. COUGH- 3 NICE SUNNY :
000 rooms: planked yard: water; cheap.
Howard siree..
- A" HOWARD— FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
O _ I nished rooms; with or without board; 93
a month ap.
C J^Q HOWARD, NEAR SECOND— NEWLY
O^iO furnished lodging-house: rms. 75c to 91 wk.
7^9 HOWARD — LARGE sunny, FUR-
• "1— nished housekeeping rooms; front; rent
cheap.
QQ('B HOWARD — N EWLY FURNISHED,
OOU clean light rooms from $5 up: private.
Q_^ u .ward-sunny furnished room
0 _<J suitable for _
1 9^4 HOWARD— LARGE SUNNY BAY-
XJmOl window room for 1 or 2; cheap.
nj<te Streoi.
FjQg HYDE-8 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO
Ivy Avenue.
(*~l A IVY AVE — LARGE BUNNY, FUR-
XV nished front room; 86.
Jessie Street.
P."! A JESSIE - BEAUTIFUL LARGE FUR-
*JX\J nished room; including bath; 98. ,
dose* Strent.
m JONES— SUNNY SINGLE ROOM; ALSO
sunny suite: private.
907 •''>**- THH VAN WINKLE. SRW
X.V/ 1 management: elegant canny unites and
angle; newly furnished: bath, etc.; »10 to 83a
*-«anor Mre«;.
ARLINGTON BOUSE, 127 KEARNT —
-"V Pleasant sunny rooms.en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
l-mkm Siree;.
49Q LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED AND
1 — 0 sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
If desired.
O1Q1 LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED
0 1 t/2 front parlor, large closet, 92 50 per week;
single front room. 91 50 a week: light housekpg.
1 900 LARKIN — UN NY FURNISHED
x_v/v front room, 85 a month: bacK rooms, 94.
Leaven worth Street.
41 1 _EA YEN WORTH - NEAT SlfNBT
til room; gas; 86.
J."ltf; >tr-o..
pUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN
\J gle front rooms and suites: 50c to 81 50 Der
night; 83 to 98 per week; offices to let.
A' OSsKJIITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKKT-I'LR
1 night. S5o to 81 : week. 91 60 to 85: families.
Mason Street.
n MASON, NR. MARKET-SUNNY ROOM,
nicely furnished; 94 a month.
990 MASON— NKWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
_-__O rooms at reduced rates.
Ju.kslnn >n«»..
C 4 7 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
Oil rooms by day, week or month, 25c to 81
per day.
Ql X MISSION— FURNISHED FRONT SlN-
OX gle sunny room: 91 25 a week.
Qrg MISSION— SUITE, SINGLE OR HOUSE-
COO keeping. .-..•..'
1 A*>_» mission— NEWLY FURNISHED
X KJOO rooms for 2 gentlenaeu or couple without
children i rent 8 1& |
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
. i- A : 1 in: «•:■ Street.
oorji McAllister! opp. city HALL—
_. — \':i Large sunny furnished and untarnished
rooms: suitable fur offices: also 2 suites.
Minna Street.
9AQ MINNA-TWO NICELY FURNISHED
_.U«7 rooms: fine yard: sunny; clieap.
(U\7 MI - VNA i CORNER KIGHTH— NEWLY
Uv) I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.
Octavla Street.
A (\A OCTAVIA— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
_U-± with bath.
Fine Street.
000 PINE, NEAR WELL-NICELY FUR-
Utti) nished sulie; also single; entirely new.
i »>. Struei.
2 OX POST— BUILDING 18 MOST CEN-
O«J trally located; best appointed offices and
apartments in the city; every room lame, light aud
airy; gentleman's apartments furnished or unfur-
nished: all modern conveniences, elevator. ■
71 POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
1 li) en suit* or sinirle, private bath. Also, sun-
ny basement furnished or unfurnls'd: small stable.
1'owell Street.
OOC POWELL — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
_,_»; room; new furniture; basement room; 96.
Second Street.
CO SECOND— DOUBLE ROOMS PER WEEK,
«J_ 91 50 to 98; single, 91 to 81 50: per day, 25
and 50c.
017 SECOND — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
-jX I room, suitable for two; also single; 91 up.
Seventh street.
I 49 SEVENTH— PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
Xtt-J housekeeping; also single rooms.
Miih SIMMS*
06 ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIRK-
00 proof building; all conveniences: quiet.
O"l A SIXTH— BAY-WINDOW, ELE-
*-> X X gant suite, very reasonable; also single.
South Park.
9 SOUTH PARK— LARGE, ELEGANT SUNNY
rooms: very quiet; reasonable.
Oa SOUTH PARK— DO YOU WANT 2 ELK-
c>_ gant, quiet rooms? private: very Cheap.
Stevenson Street.
497 STEVENSON, BETWEEN FIFTH AND
Tt-j I Sixth— To let, 4 elegant rooms; rent 916;
very convenient. Apply within, or 706 Oak st.
69(k STEVENSON— CHEAP SUNNY FRONT
VJ— ■v rooms: single or double,
<->97 STKVKNTON— SMALL DOUBLE ROOM;
U_i I 91 a week; upstairs: lady .referred.
1 * A 7 A STEVENSON— LARGE BAY-WINDOW
Utr I front room, suitable for 1 or 2, reasonable.
Stockton Street.
TTiUROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nished suites, 94 to 910;;sinRle rooms. 81 50 to
93 wee- 1 ; N>c to 82 night : hot and cold running
water in every room; baths; elevator; transient.
/'A7I STOCKTON, NEAR PINE-NICELY
"v/lg furnished sunny room; private family:
93 per month.
■■ *»-ier --tree..
J^l A ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
"'" rooms, en suite or single; low rent desira-
ble tenants.
7 AD STTTI-.R, COK. TAY LOR— ELEGANTLY
I vi) newly furnished sunny rms: suite or single.
ml Sl'lTKR — NICELY FURNISHED
X X X 1 rooms, suite and single ; reasonable.
"1 ')f\?\ SUTTKR — PL K|A SAN T SUNNY
X— \J*J rooms; furnished or unfurnished; all
conveniences.
1 1 .m SUTTER, COR. POLK, OVER WAKE-
XXrtK) lee's drugstore— newly papered
and furnished suite for doctor's office or other pur-
poses; rent only 920; others.
I O»> _ SX'TTER— A &UNNY BAY-WINDOW
-*-*.'—_ front room and kitchen, furnished for
light housekeeping; gas stove; in private house;
reference.
Taylor Street.
1 HQ TAYLOR— 2 LARGE ROOMS; RUNNING
X\JU water; closets- suitable for 2 men; 81 week.
C99 TAYLOR, NR. POST — NEWLY FUR-
• J~. j.- nished sonny rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
l\ I 9 TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED
"1 large sunny suite; rent 915.
* lunl v; roe..
O1 7 THIRD— LA RGE. SUNN Y.CLE AN
OX I double or single; oay, week or month.
'lurk street.
"I A TURK — NICE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
X\J room; private family; use of parlor; 98.
an 2Sess Aveuue.
CIO VAN NESS AVE.— LARGE, SUNNY
OXO room and kitchen: 812.
Miscellaneous.
AN ELDERLY GENTLEMAN CAN FIND A
pleasant home and nice front room (five min- I
utes' walk from Kearny st.) at a fair price. Ad- i
dress N. B., box 66. Call Office.
BOAKDIMi AM) KOOMS.
p l e a sax : -r PRO NT \ic IVK room
X nicely furnished, with excellent home cooking;
private fnmlly: terms moderate. Address Cen-
! tral. bos 7, Call Office.
i rno POWELL — SUNNY CORNER SUITES
I *J\J~ on smterst.; excellent board: reduced rates.
i hoo elus— NEWLY renovated, fur-
1 tJ'JO nished or unfurnished rooms; board op-
tional.
QH O'Farrell — NICE SUNNY ROOM,
UXX suitable for 2; board optional.
ADY WITH COZY HOME WISHES QUIET
gentleman to board; room rent reasonable.
Address M.. box 9. Call. rr
CAOVANNESb— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
<Jvt3 ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
1 7^ -* RD— NICE, CLEAN, COMFORT-
1 I OO able room: large closet, gas and bath,
with good home cooking; 9I8 per month.
j TJ OTKL BERTLi.NG, 714 BUSH ST.— A FA M-
• XX lly hotel: references given and required; all
j modern conveniences.
'30Q J O>"ES — LOVELY. SUNNY PARLOR
*J\JO suite and elegantly fnrnished single rooms,
with board; large windows on ail sides: tnrniture,
■ etc, entirely new; water hot, cold; splendid, luxu-
| rious bath; new house; flower garden; only three
! blocks from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen wtio enjoy comfort and ease: most conve-
nient and comfortable rooms to be had; excellent
table; only 960 for two.
I CALIFORNIA — PLEASANT SUNNY
I <J-j\J alcove room: also others; newly fnr-
nlshed; with board.
A") A KDDY — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
'— 1 rooms; tab!* and appointments strictly
first class.
7 1 9 P O ST — ONE NICELY FURNISHED
• — — •' room, with board, suitable for two young
men; use of parlor and piano ; 920 each.
419 t»l>V-LOVELY SUNNY PARLORS,
X— with board for 4 young men : 820 each.
7 • 7 E L L I !-T — KLtGANTLY 1-URNJSIIKD
'«' parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional. r
childken BOAItI>KI>. *
-1 or 2 CHILDREN, INVALID OR AGED
X person In pleasant East Oa_luud home; good
care; reasonable price. Address MRS. _., 1107
Tenth av<'.. cor. East Twelfth at.
"yOUNG FRENCH LADY WISHES TO TAKE
X charge of children ; would hav.> best care and
pleasant home. Address G. , 800 Alice si., Oakland.
EN L 1 WIDOW WOU..D LIKE 2 C_IL-
dren to board. hi:7 Bryan' st.
STOKKS TO __T. — -— —
7^ORN_r" STORE," (CEMENT BASEMENT
] V and four rooms: suitable for bakery or drncs:
I rent cheap. B. B., box 115. Call.
QIC 1007% LARKIN— NEW: NEAR COR.
<£'■»«-'• Post; living-rooms. Apply KELLY, 102 ■
Eddy st.
! l^ASEMENT TO LET-COR. LARKlN AND
it Fulton: alterations made to sn'.t tenants: key
at saloon. Agents, SHAIN a * BUCKBEE.
QTORK AND LIVING-ROOMS TO LET; RENT
0 low. 1825 Howard su, bet. Fourteenth ■ and
Fffteenth.
GUERRERO AND TWENTY-THIRD
0 sis.; concrete cellar: built for druggist; best In
Mission for drugstore.
S" TORE- VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
KJ sts.: choice location; adapted for shoe or dry
goods store.
1 AKGE STORE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
xj and thow-wlndows; located 420 Sutter st.
Apply to it. McEXROY. 4 Pbelan building.
; "^ *i^ ___—
OsTFIC— TO _ET.
1 1 l^WELl^T\1RN Eirg^ r r 8UNNY
XXO offices: with carpets and curtains.
C CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDORFF (L. AND
J L. and G. buildinE— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator:
I rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California su
■ \i\C\ SUTTtR, COR. POWELL — SUNNY
U\J\J front suite, suitable for physician; others.
VINE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; SU1TA-
X blefornny business.
SPRKCKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
kJ Klegant givnnv cilices. 812 50 up: electnc-llght-
beating and janitor service fr?e. Apply _t bulldlui
oru. li. UMBSBX «v CO.. 14 Mont^Sdi'ry si
HALLS TO LET"
HALL WITH ACCOMMODATIONS FOR 800
to let by ice night: terms low. 619 Bryan:.
PHYSICIANS. .
ii'a'cffMsmu 1206 market. cobI
Golden (.aeave. ; diseases of women a specialty.
' TVrKWKITKKS. ~ ~
CALIGRAPH. 815. $35: "YOST, 830: REM-
lcgton, 950. fcCOTT _ B, 333 Montgomery ._'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
PERSONA-?. .
y~wif£T lizzie-^buttThaving left
my board and lied 1 will not be responsible
for any bills contracted by her on and after this
date, September 26. A. C. BUTT. ,
ILL THOSE WHO WITNESSED LADY
and daughter ejected from Mission (green)
car. going south from Sixteenth st., Sunday, Sept.
13, about, 4 P. m., please address G. C, box 85, Call.
li WILLIAMS. FORMERLY FROM
• Menlo Park, please call at 13 Mason St., San
Francisco.
MY— I THINK OPERATION. WAS A FAKE.
Was it T BEN.
/QUICKNESS. NEATNESS. UP-TO-DATENESS I
V_. and dispa'.ch are the principal advantages I
offer you. Added to another— "cheapness"— no
wonder I have such a patronage. Halrdressing,
2.jC. Switches, #1. "Quinonia" Hair Tonic, 35c.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
TTAIRDRESS1NG, 25c; MANICURING, 25c;
XX face treatment, cosmetics; lessons given.
MRS. BUTLER. 131 Post.
IpRKNCH HAIR WASH, PRKVENTS FALL-
ing out; make it yourself: send 20c silver for
prescrlpt'on. Address A. P., box 90. Call Office.
WIVES AND MOTHERS— DRUNKENNESS
l T can be cured without the patient's knowledge;
will send receipt free to those who need it. Ad-
dress with stamp, MRS. MAY HAWKINS, lock
box 131, Grand Rapids. Mich.
BALLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St., opp. U. - Mint.
RAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. FOR SALE?
It also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
UEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
LOAKS, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
"VJ EATN IS A VIRTUE: SUITS CLEANED,
XI pressed. 91. 26 Montgomery, r. 14: tel. ret- 2374.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charge unless successful: all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended 10, G. W. HOWE.atty-at-law. W60 Market st.
BURNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
XJ corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
work from the country solicited; estimates
riven: articles returned if price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
FAKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINH
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes: Instructors, J. U. E. Parttngton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
MORRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister, Kins'. 45-40: ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order;tlt guaranteed ;low prices
/TlRUNkS D1-.LIVERKD 25G BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Butter; tel. Grant 57.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLA KM
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for 91 ; call or write. 1029 Market su.
bet. Sixth and Seventh, Sun Francisco, Cal.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 22 Turk, nr. Leavenwortn.
pAZOR-FIXING our SPECIAL 1 : FINK
-Hedge put on razor. 25c Razor Exchge,630Marlcet
TJ1G OUTDOOR STi-.RKOPTlCON SHOW KVI6-
X) 17 night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artlstload-
vrrllsements In living light; promoters of bail-
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO 1140 Mark*-,
LEOTR1C LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night; 91 50 to 98 pec
week; free bus and baggage to and from tne ferry.
1BERAL AllVANCii.3 ON DIAMONDS, j_W-
■i flry. etc. ; lowest ratw*. t»48 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADLE*
clothing bought COLMAN. 41 Sa. cor. Jewlw.
m(_SSMAKKUS.
FASHIONABLE SUIT-, S3 UP: GOOD FIT
X I guaranteed: will sew by day. 34 Eighth st.
R ESSES 92 DTI WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 u . 5' r)? A Natoma St.. above sixth.
~ MUSICAL LNMKL'MliNTS. "
ijARGAINi 'VlAN(S"FOif*7^."$lbb7 1
13 and 9250. at MAUVAIS'. 769 Market st.
A 4-STORY BUILDING. CORNER OF
•^*- Kearny and Sutler sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*3, 84, 95, «6. 87. $8, $9, 910, 912, $15". 820 and
925 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr.ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when belter pianos can be
bought from us for about sr.me payments ? every
piano guaranteed ; tine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included; no charge for dray age: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY „ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutt«-r st*.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle. Wash,; Steln-
way representatives for the Pacific Coast.
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN It LOAD
X lots and for cash, and being In mr own build-
ing, with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in sun Francisco; investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY fcCOTT, 526
Hayes su
ACT U ALLY THU BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
anos; see our list for this week: piano? on 93,
94. 95, 96. 87, 88, 99, 810. $15. 8-0 monthly pay-
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere In the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO,
salesrooms 93S Market su, opp. Mason. -
A N IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
-A ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours Is the oldest and largest music-bouse west of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLER — CHASE, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco.
VINE PIANO AT LOW RENT. INQUIRE OF
J W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post St.
ROFESSOR OF MUSIC. OBLIGED TO D1S-
pose of a fine Hardman piano, offers it at about
half cost. Flood building, room 1., 809 Manet.
KTIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS ATA
Ji rill cc to promptly close out stock: Knabe.
U allies and Bush it Uerts. A. L. BANCROFT _
CO.. 324 Post St.
Ql J^fJ BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BO3-
tfl? X O\J . ton make piano. BRUENN'ia, 228 Tost.
VI AGN1F1CENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
i-M Schubert; little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
G1OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR C.VH.
\X 8CHM 1TZ. 16 McAllister, next III pern la Bank.
\\l G. BADGER. SOLK AGENT for HALLBT
' ' ._ Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 sac'to
HiCKKRINU. KNABK. STKCK. VO8E. STKH-
/ ling pianos; see our new piano for 9187: pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CO—TAB _ SON. 10 O'Farrell.
BYRON MAUZY, Mm POST ST.— SOH—Kit,
Newby >t Evan*. Brt>__j\nd other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLUANBW
H. MULLKR. maker, repairer. - 1-itham placa,
' BIE1>ICAX.
D" "on^t Tail to con su_t~d rTTord~an~at
his museum, 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
I successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
I the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
BLESSING TO LAIHES SUFFE.iING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
I well : travelers helped immeJiately; prices to suit
I the times: home In confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DAV1ES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hlbernta Bank:
consult tree; French regulating pink pills, 92;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. _. and 7 to 9 P. _.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES R_.
stored in a few boar*; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In continemeut: regular graduate phy-
sician ; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used: ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation- tree and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post at., near Lark In.
\ NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, IN8TRU-
-»"V ment or' worthless pills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always In one day:
can be sent and used a: home: all cases guaranteed;
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
LADIES, OHICH— _ ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other. Send 4c. stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return mail-
at druggist's. Chlchester Chem. Co.. Philadelphia,
SURE CURK FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause: home lu confine-
men. ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk st.
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a cure or
no charge; separate home for patients; best skill-
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities; no danger-
safe and sure; 92 50 express C O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD linos., Oakland, Cat
RS. DR. WKGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
RS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion st.
RS. DR. SCOTT— FEMALE SPECIALIST-
diseases of the eye treated. 216 Powell st.
"IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dl-EASE
Isee MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content- 'JbAUf 4th.
DR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children. .
PRIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
.\ DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alame.la.
MAKKIAOK U-JCM8JE8.
he following marriage licenses were Issue! !»r
the County Clerk's office yesterday;
: J. Cooney and Margarette Fabey, 42—29.
G. I. Dlagwall and mart Burns. -4—22.
W. T. Johnson and Fannie Hammond. 23—20.
L. J. snyder and Magcle Barrett, -2—21.
C- a. Prowse and Margaret te B. Moore, 21—19.
G. Kara and Elizabeth Smith. 41 — SO.
l*it. bit uuct , _v_*_U_»._l. ;
Complaint Hied: — —
Kate Ford against Thomas P. Ford.
L in i lie — JiAliUlAu L* — i Hi
r Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. They mils be handed in a;
either or the publication offices and: be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorize.
to have the same published. J
BORN.
BECKER— In this c! »-. September 20. 1893, to the
wile of John J. Becker, a daughter.;
•7.f^f3^^^^Si9gfi5£K£3?«K!3vre*S£S!^41^±?&fe_i!&«C?*v.
DUNN— In this citr, September 16, 1896, to the
wife of William J. Dunn, a son.
ELORDUY-In this city, September la 1896, to
' the wife of Cirlto J. Klorduy, a son.
GLOVER— In the Potrero. September 20, 1891
to the wife of James Glover, twins— a son and
a daughter.
HUMPH RE YS-September 23. 1896, to the wife
of David Humphreys, a son.
JORGENSEN— In this city. September 22,1896,
to the wife of George Jorgensen, a daughter.
LAWRENCE— tn this city. September 22, 1896.
to the wife of George Lawrence, a son.
MAGUIRE-In this city, September 26, 1896, to
the wife of Charles F. Magulre, a son.
MINSON— this city, September 15, 1896, to the
wife of John T. Mlnson, a daughter.
OPKNSHAW- August 11, 1896, to the wife of G.
K. Openshaw, a daughter.
PROCTOR— In Oakland, September 24, 1896, to
the wife of Dr. D. A. Proctor, a son.
SARGENT— In this cltv, September 10, 1896. to
toe wife of Nicholas F. Sargent, a son.
TEUBERT— In this city. September 20, 1896, to
the wife of Charles H. Teubert, a son. :
WALSH— this city, September 17. 1896, to the
wife of L. F. Walsh, a son.
| WliORF— September 22, 1896, to the wife of A,
V. \> hOi'f, u daughter.
M.AURIKD.
McGLYNN-COSGROVE-In San Mateo. Septem-
ber 23, 1H9B, by the Rev. Father Callaglian,
Hush McGlynn of Ros-land. B. C., and Rose F.
Cosgrove ot Laurel Creek. Cal.
TIIERIOT-SECULOVICH-In this city, Septem-
ber 16, 1898. by the Rev. Ed Walk, Joseph Ed
Therlot and Jennie Seculovlch.
Blair, Laura M. Koch, William D.
Collins, Patrick H. Lineban, Ellen
Curr.m, John H. McArdel. Mary
Helm, Maria McCarthy. John
Heinold, William H.W. Manning, James M.
Heinze. Frederick W. Mitchell. John G. '
Holllday, Myrtle Oakes, Pauline V.
Hurley, Jeremiah Kunyon, Mrs. Mary
Kleve. Mrs. Sophie Swain, Henry C.
Wille, Franz
BLAIR— In this city, September 25, 1898, sud-
denly, Laura M., widow of the late Matthew
Blair, and mother of Mrs. William Price and
Carrie M. and Laura c Blair, a native of Dan-
ville, Vermont, a<e.| 69 years.
#3- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock r. sc. from her la.e
residence, 224 Capp street. Interment private,
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Oakland. September 23, 1886, Pat-
rick H.. beloved husband of Mary Collins, and
loving father of Nellie M. and Arnett V. and
John W. Collins, a native of Ireland, aged 62
years 4 months and 13 days.
43TFriends and acquaintances are respeot-
fuilv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. it, from his
late residence. 1661 Sixteenth street, near
Campbell, and theuce to St. Patrick's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of bis soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. Members of Central Lodge No.
251, A. O. D. W., are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral.
CURRAN— In Vallejo, September 2B, 1896. John
H., beloved father of Fannie, John, Mary, Eddie,
Maggie and James Curran, and brother of Pat-
rick Curran, a native of New. York, aged 42
years.
HEIM— In this city, September 25, 1896, Maria,
beloved wife of F. L. Helm, and mother of Jo-
hanna, Hermann. Elsie, Emma and Willie
Helm, a native of Kelllnghuaen, Holsteln, Ger-
many, »g«a 49 years 5 months and 5 days.
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock F. »£.. from her late
residence, 2238 Post street, between Scott and
Devisadero. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HEINOLD— In Oakland. September 24. 1896, Wil-
liam Henry Woodward, beloved son of J. M. and
Mary Helnold, a native of Oakland, aged 11
year« 8 months and 20 days.
*J"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of the parents, 305 Third street, Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery. -
HEINZE— In this city. September 25, 1896. Fred-
erick William Helnze, husband of Marguerite
Heinze. and father or Mrs. William Hadley, Mrs.
Christian Att nger. Mrs. George Meu>er and
Henry and William Helnze, a native or uer-
manv, axed 49 years and 5 months. [Chicago
.papers please copy.j
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fnneral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. x.. from the par-
lors of Uantner * Gun:*, H and 10 City Hall
square. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOL.LIDAY— In this city. September 23, 1896,
Myrtle, beloved daughter of Joseph L. and Amy
llolli lay, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
11 months and 5 days.
£3" Friends and acquaintances are re^n'v:'.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 404 2 Waller street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HURLE Y-S. P. A. of A.— Harmony Alliance No.
15. s. p. a. of America: Officers and members
are requested to meet at the residence of our de-
ceased brother. Jeremiah Hurley, 716 Minne-
sota street, THIS DAY (Sunday), at 10:30
o'clock a. M., for the purpose of attending the
funeral. Fines for non-attendance.
CUAKLKS O'BRIEN, Pros.
F. A. O'Bbikn. Secretary. ■ '
K1KVE— In Berkeley. September 21, 1896. Mrs.
Sophie Kleve, beloved daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
H. V. Fox, wife of Llpman Kleve, mother of
Bessie. Joe, Adoiph. Jay and Har>ld Kieve. and
sister ot Fredrica. Sarah, J. Moore. Rebecca and
Mortimer Fox, aged 37 years 11 months and 9
days.
KOCH— In Savannah, Ga., September 25, 1896,
William P. Koch, lather of Edward, William L.,
Tiiile and Mamie Koch, a native of Germany,
aged M years 11 months and 9 days.
jJ3~No:ice of funeral hereafter.
LINEMAN— In Napa, September 28. 1896, Ellen.
beloved wife of the lute Cornelius Llnehan, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 60 years.
Mc.VRDEL— In this city, September 26, 1896,
Mary, beloved wife of William A. McArdel,
daughter of Owen and Ann Callan, sister o(
Katie and James Callan. and niece of Mrs. Ellen
J. Sullivan, a native of the parish of Annlskeen,
County Monachal). Ire! and, »<ei 27 years.
SB* Not of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— this city, September 25,1896, at
St. Mary's Hospital, John, beloved brother of
Dennis and Mary McCarthy and Mrs. Timothy
Nyhan. and nephew of Patrick Collins, a native
of the parish of KUmacabea, County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 36 years.
jeiTKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Hose's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of hit soul, commencing at 9 O'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
! MANNING— In this city, September 26, 1896,
I James Malcolm, beloved bunband or Kate Man-
! ning, and father of John Philip and Mary Lucille
and the late Margaret and James Joseph Man-
ning, a native or Manchester. England, aged 43
y»ars.
MITCHELL— In this city. September 28. 1896,
John G. Mitchell, beloved brother of Mrs. George
Nugent of San Jose, and nephew of Rev. and
Mm. Georse Guth, ■ native of Goshen, Ind., aged
27 years 6 months and 25 davs.
F. of A .—To the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51, F. of A.: You are hereby notified
to assemble at your hall. Alcazar building, 120
O'Farrell street. TO-MORROW (Monday), at 1
o'clock p. u. sharp, to attend the funeral of our
late brother, J. U. Mitchell. By order.
ROBERT MYLAR, CL R.
T. E. Bradley, Rec. Sec.
! OAKES— In Stockton, September 25, 1896, Pan-
! line V. Oakes. wife of Anthony G. Oakes. and
mother of George A., Fred O., and W. D. Oakes,
aged 69 years 5 months and 28 days.
««TTho funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock a. ■> from the resi-
dence of G. A. Oakes, Hay wards.
RUNYON— In Santa Rosa, Cal.. September 25,
1896, Mrs. Mary Kunyon. aged 73 years. [Lock-
port (111.) and Kingston (Canada) papers please
copy.
SWAIN— In this city. September 25, 1898, Henry
C. swain, a native of Nantucket. aged 66 years.
Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m ., at nls late resi-
dence, 1107 Post street, to which relatives and
friends are kindly invited. Interment private.
| WILLE— In San Rafael, September 24, 1896,
Franz WUle, beloved father of Mrs. C Schutten,
Theo Wille and Mrs. B. Russell, a native of Ger-
many, ased 6i> years 5 months and 6 days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. *.. from the residence
of P. Schutten. Interment at San Rafael. • '
MCAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FDNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMERS,
tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
1
J AS. JlcM KNOMF.VT . CHAS. HcMKNOKET.
JAMES McMEXOMEV * SON,
INDliKTAKKItS AND KMBALMKBS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
, Telephone No. 3354.
_
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER*
HXER.VL DIKKCTOKS,
19 Van Ness ave., near Market at, San Francisco
Telephone so. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEMB-
tery to the city ; non-sectarian : In no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled, office &V7 Marictf
street, southeast corner or sixth. -
Plenty of Imagination.
"Oh, he writes well enough; but I don't
believe he has much of an imagination."
"Imagination! Why, that's his strong
point. He has the most vivid and fertile
imagination of any one 1 ever knew. It's
necessary in his business."
"What is his business?"
"He gets up a column of curious stories
from real life for a Sunday paper."— Chi-
cago Post.
The "Giant-, 1 Club" in Berlin admits to
membership no one who is less than six
feet in heignt.
iMiWiyiHi him i -
SILVER VIEWS
OF POPOCRATS
Democrat and Populist De
fend the White Metal
Cause.
SPEAK ON ONE ROSTRUM
Money Pronounced to Be the
Only Issue of the
Campaign.
CATOB ON OTHER QUESTIONS.
Defends the Attack on the Supreme
Court— Abuse for the Republi
can Leader.
Hon. T. V. C»tor and John W. Mitchell
of Los Angeles addressed a crowded house
at Metropolitan Hall last night on the
issues of the campaign from a Populist
and Democratic standpoint respectively.
As became the humble assumptions of the
adherents of the Populist party, the audi
orium was without a single decoration;
the only exception to this severe and
Puritanic aspect of the hall was the Amer
ican flag draped over the speaker's stand,
and which in consequence stood out in
bold relief. Here and there about the
audience a gay plume or a brilliant bunch
of flowers in the nead-dresses of the ladies
present gave just a suggestion of color to
the otherwise solid mass of people clothed
in habiliments of black or neutral shades.
Tbe meeting was held under the call
and auspices of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee, but was a union meeting of
the Democrats and Populists and all those
who believed in free silver. On calling the
meeting to order William Craig, an elector
at large on the Democratic ticket, said:
"The time has at last come when the
people are breaking away from party affil
iations and standing together on the great
Issue of the day."
He introduced as chairman of the meet
ing P. M. Wellin, who resigned as an
elector on the Democratic ticket to make
room for a Populist and thus permit of
fusion. After a few remarks on the silver
issue Mr. Wellin introduced John W.
Mitchell of Los Angeles. The latter began
by saying:
"I am glad to bring you greetings to
night from the land of the angels and
silver Republicans. I am glad to be able
to tell you that one of our great leaders
told me only last night that there are
2200 names signed to the roll of the Silver
League at Los Angeles."
Alter expressing his pride in the Demo
cratic party and in his membership there
in he said that the Democratic party, sup
ported by its allies, tbe silver people, was
calling for recruits to bring about legisla
tion that will not discriminate against
any class.
'"'There are two orucial tests," he said,
"to whicn the principles of parties should
be subjected. The platform should be
carefully examined for the principles con
tained therein and the past history of the
party should be taken into consideration."
He said that the "new declaration of in
dependence recently proclaimed at Cui
eago" was the equal of that which Jeffer
son and Washington helped to draw and
which Lincoln perpetuated.
"The issue which this platform makes
paramount," he explained, "is tbe ques
tion of money. The great issue in this
platform is the need of the world, this
country, this State — more primary money
— more constitutional money. The vol
ume of money has been constantly de
creasing by the demonetization of silver
first by one country and then by another
and the adoption of monometallism. This
adoption of monometallism is the greatest
of crimes. While tbe population of this
country is constantly increasing the
money per capita has been getting gradu
ally less since 1880."
He asserted that the per capita value of
all assessed property in the Cnited States
is $384 92, while tne per capita debt of the
country was |451. Of gold and its rep
sentative as money, he said, there was but
$22 82 per capita in the country, and tne
only way to increase the volume of money,
he declared, was to adopt the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to L Continu
ing, he said:
"The great argument of the Republicans
is that we will not be able to maintain this
ratio. We ask them to let us try the ex
periment ; but it is not an experiment, for
we have able for years to maintain the ra
tio we propose.
"Will free silver help California? is fre
quently asKed. I attempt to answer this.
It would benent California because it
would arrest the shrinkage of values and
the depreciation of prices. It would in
crease the value of agricultural products,
stimulate production and give employ
ment to the unemployed. The cause of
falling values is the contraction of money."
Hon. T. V. Cator was greeted with en
thusiastic applause. He began as follows:
"There is a universal depression in our
land and in other lands. The issue is in
a nutshell. Our Republican friends say
this depreciation has arisen from the lack
of the legislation they favor.
"We, on the other hand, claim that this
depreciation cannot be eradicated by any
kind of tariff legislation. We claim it is
tne evil of tariff legislation that has caused
this depression. Here you have the issue
briefly and plainly.
"There have been terrible panics under
Republican administrations. As long as
they did not pass pernicious financial leg
islation there were prosperous times, but
as soon as they changed the financial laws
of the country to please the money
changers of the world we had hard times.
Wh«jn they contracted the money volume
of the country thev created the 'cause for
the depression of the past and present.
We know that prices rise and fall as the
volume of money increases or decreases.
"How will Mr. McKinley have more
open mills to grind out more goods unless
the people have more money to purchase
the product of these milis? We know
that the mills and factories are mostly in
the hands of men of wealth and power,
and we know that if it i? agreed among
these men to keep all these mills and fac
tories going for but half the time they
could flood the market with more goods
than the people have money to buy. We
thus see that it is of more importance just
at this time to see how we can put more
money into the hands of the laboring
man so that be can purchase these prod
ucts.
"Because of the contraction of money
we find tde farms of the country mort
gaged to such an extent that there is not
enough money in tbe country to pay even
the interest on these mortgages let alone
the principle.
"I say to McKinley that what he says
about our wanting more open mills and
not more open mints is wrong, and I reply
by saying we shall never have more open
mills until we have more open mint*.
"Free coinage of silver does not mean
that the Government will go into the mar
ket and buy the silver bullion, as under
tiie Sherman act. Every owner of silver
will be able to take his bullion to the Mint,
have it coined and take away his dollars.
So, if they tried to dump their silver into
this country from abroad, they would
have to take it to the Mint and have it
coined into American dollars — dollars of
no use abroad and which they would have
to spend in this country, and thus increase
the circulation of the currency of this
country."
In discussing the attack made on the
Supreme Court in the National pJatform
of the Democratic party, Mr. Cator said
the people had a right to do as they pleased
with that court and could displace and re
place its members if it chose, as was done
bv the aid of Congress during the admin
istration of Lincoln, when the number of
Justices was increased and otners induced
to resign by a pension bait, so that the
court would be loyal to the cause of the
union and render its decisions accord
ingly.
He declared himself in favor of the Gov
ernment ownership of railroads, and con
cliideil with a tirade of abuse against the
"bankers and gamblers of Wall street and
their despicable tool, William McKinley,"
and an exhortation for the election of
William J. Bryan.
Answers to Correspondents.
Free Silver— A. B. a. City. Free silver will
not bring protection in its truest sense.
Clarendon Press— H. A., City. The books
issued bv the Clarendon Press are published
in Oxford, England.
Thk Trade Dollar— N. N., City. The time
having lapsed the Government no longer re
deems trade dollars at face value.
No Ass Limit— W. jr., Philo, CaL There is no
law of this State limiting the age of a person
who desires to be a candidate for Judge of the
Superior Court or any other court
Pasnxll— N., Niles, Alameda County, CaL
The late Charles Stewart Parnell was not a
citizen of the United States, nor was his father.
Uis mother was a resident of the United States
in the latter days of her son's life.
Painter's Hook— M. E., City. The theory of
the painter's hook for supporting a swing or
scaffold is the securing the center of gravity in
ttie formation of the hook. Any other shaped
hook would not accomplish the same result.
Black Walnuts— 8. W., Oakland, Cal. Cli
mate and condition have much to do with the
ripening of the California black walnut, the
nuts ripening from September to November.
Generally speaking, the best time to gather the
nuts is during the month of October.
The Possessive— S., Livermore, CaL It is not
the very best to abbreviate the word com
pany in writing or printing, but if it must be
done to write "Co.'s" is to describe the posses
sive of one company and to write "Co.s' " is to
describe the possessive of several companies.
Must Have a License— A. S., City. The fact
that you have obtained a patent to manufact
ure and sell a certain article does not give you
the right to go anywhere in the United States
and peddle tne same without a license from
the authorities of the place in wnich you wish
to sell it.
The Presidio— E. T. T., Oakland, Cal. On the
last day of each month, except that it falls on
a Sunday, there is a review of the troops at the
Presidio of San Francisco. Every morning,
except Sunday, there is guard mount and a
concert, and there is a concert every Friday
afternoon.
England and Wales— P. B., City. Accord
ing to Whitaker's Almanack for the current
year, the population of England is 27,501,362
and that of Wales 1,501,113. The Statesman's
Year Book, another English publicntion, lor
the current year, gives the population of
Wales as 1,294.133.
Two Plants— E. G. S., Livermore, Alameda
County. Cal. The common name of Orthocar
pus purpurascens, a California wild flower, is
owls' clover. The yerba de la vibora is the
Spanish name for the Daucus pusilius.com
. xnonly called snake weed, and sometimes called
the plant of the viper.
The Medoc District— X. Y. C, City. The
Rothschilds are the owners of Chateau Mar
gaux, Lafite and Mont, in the Medoc wine dis
trict of France, in the department of Gironde,
and as these are the principal wine-producing
sections of the district the Rothschilds control
the superior wines irom there.
Wood Violet— E. G. S., Livermore, Cal.
"Wood Violet" is another name for the hedge
or birdsfoot violet, a low, stemless species
(viola pedata) found in the eastern half of the
United States. It has pedately-divided leaves
and fine, large, light-blue or whitish flowers,
yellow-eyed, with the stamens. It is a variety
of the pansy violet.
A Collective Noun— — ., Liver more, Cal.
The best definition that can be given to your
question about tbe United States is that the
term "United States" is a collective noun,
which denotes an aggregate group or assem
blage, expressing under the singular form a
whole, consisting of a plurality of individual
objects or persons.
Mortgages— J. W., City. If the proposed
amendment to the constitution in relation to
mortgages carries it means the mortgagor will
have to pay the tax on the whole assessed valu
ation of the property. There are many argu
ments for and against the proposition, some
holding that the adoption will increase the
burthen and others that it will decrease it.
Training— A. 0. S., City. English jockeys
reduce flesh by exercise and dieting, but no
general rule can be laid down in training, for
the rule varies with the individual. The
question, "Is it possible for a young man, by
any course of training, to reduce his height?"
can only be answered by stating that a young
man could reauce his height by having his
legs amputated or having :he upper part of
his anatomy trimmed off at a point eight
Inches below the top of the scalp.
United States Senators— W. H. J., Virginia
City, Xev. The statement that the peODle of
the State of South Carolina vote direct for
United States Senators is not correct. Such
Senators are elected under the provisions of
the constitution of the United States, first
clause of section 3 of article 1, which
says: "The Senate of the United States shall
be composed of two Senators from each State,
chosen by the Legislature thereof for six
years; and each Senator shall have one vote."
Thk Tin Plate Industry— W. P. G., City. A
circular issued by the Tinned Plate Manufac
turers' Association shows that there was in
1895, completed and in the course of construc
tion in the United States, thirty-four tin plate
works, with 166 mills. The capacity of these
mills was estimated to exceed 200.000 tons of
finished product annually and to give employ
ment to about 12,000. A report of the special
treasury agent makes the following statement
Of the production in the United States, the fig
ures representing pounds: 1892, 26.213.25U;
1893. 63.681,541; 1894, 98,970,880; 1895,
185,571,479.
BRYAN AND FBSK SILVER— J. H. H., City. A
correspondent writing from Ackley, Iowa, to
the Washington Post says that a short time
prior to the 21st ol July William J. Bryan, the
Democratic nominee for the Presidency, on
the platform of unlimited free coinage at the
ratio of 16 to 1, was delivering a lecture in
that town when Mr. Pleasants asked the
speaker: "Mr. Bryan, will the adoption of
free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1
cause a business depression and panic, aa Sec
retary Carlisle and great financiers predict?"
and Bryan answered, -Yes, in my opinion it
would have that tendency. I think it would
cause a panic."
Mmk. Sans Gknk— E. T. T., Oakland, Cal.
There is a great deal of romance but very little
historical of Mme. Sans Gene. There ia men
tion of her in the biographical sketch of Gen
eral Francois Joseph Lefebre, Marshal of
France and Duke of Danzig, who was her
husnand, in Le Grand Dictionaire. There is
some mention of her in "'La Cour de l'Impera
trice Josephine," by De St. Armand, and she is
the central figure in "Mme. Sans Gene " by Le
Pelletier. She was the washerwoman of' the
regiment to which Lefebre was attached when
he married her, and she afterward became the
virandiere of the same regiment. The result
of her union with Leiebre waa fourteen
children.
Mexico— X., Hanford, Kings County; Cal
The per capita circulation of money in Mexico
is given as $4 49. In that country the standard
Is silver and the monetary unit is the dollar the
value of whicn. in United States coin is 52 8
The coins are the gold dollar (0.98.3) «2 50
$5, $10 and $30; the silver dollar and divi'
sions. The ratio of gold is 1 gold to 16J< silver
Mexico coins all silver brought to her mints'
but charges 4.41 for each 100 coins, and the
coinage is 16.51 to 1, so it receives European
silver at a cost to the holder of about 10 Mr
cent, and American silver at a cost of 7 ber
cent. For further information on this subject
ea^rya h t e MSic^" rOrCOmptrOller ° f the
I Greenbacks — W. H. B., Concord, Contra
Costa County, Cal. The first legal-tender act
was approved February 25, 1862. It author
ized the issue of $150,000,000 of non-interest
bearing notes, payable to beare* in deuomina-
tions of not less than $5, which were legal ten
der in payment of all debts, public and private
Government. Two subsequent acts -July.
1862, ind March, 1863-were v^sed. .each
authorizing the Issue oi $loO,000.000. .n i >tu
$450,000,000. The amount issued «» s ***_•
300.200. It was under these act* thai ihe
legal-tender notes, commonly known a»
"greenbacks," were issued.
Aliens and Real Estate-N. N., City. Th«
constitution of the State of California, article
I, section 17, says :
Foreigners of the white race or of African de
scent, eligible to becom«* citizens of the l> n ' te ,«
States under the naturalization laws thereof, wniie
bona fide residents of tills State, shall have me
same riehts In respect to the acquisition, posses
sion, enjoyment, transmission and inheritance oT
all property, other than real estate, as native Dorn
citizens; provided, that such aliens owning real
estate at the timeof the adoption of this a m fi'^:
ment may remain such owners: aud provided
further, that the Leglslaiure may, by statut , pro
vide lor the disposition of real estate which shall
hereafter be acquired by such aliens by descent or
device.
Cousins— W. H., Oakland, Cal. Your ques
tions as to relationship of cousins are not clear
enougn to warrant a positive answer. In the
first place you do not state what degree of
cousinship you bear to the party named and
In ihe second place you ask, "What is the re
lationship of two children whose grandpa
rents are cousins?" They might be brothers,
sisters or brother and sister for aught it ap
pears by the question. Will give you the rule
for determining the relationship of cousins
and when you nave leisure you can solve the
problem: The children of brothers and sisters
are called cousins, cousins german, first cou
sins or full cousins; children of first cousin*
are called second cousins, A first cousin once
removed is the child of one's first cousin; a
second cousin once removed is the grandchild
of one's first cousin: a second cousin once re
moved is the child of one's second cousin. A
first cousin once removed is also called second
cousin, followed by a third and in numerical
order indefinitely.
Harrison and Cleveland— M., Oakland, and
X. P., Napa, Cal, At the close of the fiscal year
prior to the retirement of Benjamin Harrison
from the office of President the amount of cash
in the treasury was $707,016,210 38. During
the incumbency of Harrison as President, that
is, up to March 1, 1893, the public debt was
reduced $259,071,960. Under the present
Cleveland administration the debt was in
creased, and on the 1st of March, 1896, the
increase was $262,602,245. The United Statei
did not borrow any money during the Harri
son administration*, but during that adminis
tration bonds, 4 and 4K per cent, were re
deemed to the amount of $233,588,950. The
premium paid on these was $33,981,526 67,
and by this purchase there was saved :o the
Government in interest the sum oi $55,352,
493 51. The sale of bonds during the present
Cleveland administration, 5 and 4 per cent, to
run thirty years, is, principal, $262,315,400.
The interest on these bonds for the time they
are to run will be $344,778,480.
Trade With South America— W. C, Pasa
dena, Cal. For the ten years ending 1860 the
exports from the United States toS,outh Amer
ican countries amounted to $123,671,336; for
the ten years ending 1870 the amount was
$173,787,041 ; for the ten years ending 1880
the amount was $237,815,590; for the ten
years ending 1890 it was $294,279,585, and
for the five years ending 1895 it was $163,784,
075. The question, "Was our foreign trade
greater before the war or after?" is one that is
difficult to answer with any degree of scien
tific accuracy. If you mean the total value of
foreign trade it was never greater before 1861
than it has been since. If, on the other hand,
you mean the relation of our foreign trade to
our domestic production and commerce a very
elaborate computation would be required to
reach the conclusion. The belier of Worthlng
ton C. Ford, Chief of the Bureau of Statistics
of the Treasury Department at Washington, to
whom the question was submitted, is that the
United States was never commercially so strong
before 1861 as it has been since.
Bonds— H. C. P., Lyons ville, Tehama County
and G. E., Courtland, Sacramento County,
Cal. The statement published in this depart
ment some time ago that all bonds of the
United States are payable, principal and inter
est, in "coin" and "in lawful money" of the
United States is correct. None of the acts au
thorizing the issue of bonds declare that they
shall be paid in gold. The following resolu
tion reiative to the payment of bonds was
adopted by the House of Representatives Jar»
uary 29, 1878, by a vote of 189 ayes to J!9
noes, and in the Senate on the 18th of Febr/u
ary of the same year by a vote of 42 ayes to 3O
noes:
Resolved, That all bonds of the United states
issued under the said acts of Congress hereinbe
fore recited are payable, principal and interest, at
the option of the Government of the United states,
in silver dollars of the coinage of the T/j'nlted
States containing 412Va grains each of standard
silver, and to restore 10 its coinage such silver
coins as a legal tender In payment of such bonds,
principal and interest, Is not, in violaiicvn of me
public faith nor in derogation of the rights of the
public creditors.
A Plat— O. H., Presidio, Cal. To copyright a
play an author muse deliver to the Librarian
of Congress or deposit in the po nofflce ad
dressed to him a printed copy of the title on
or before the day of publication, in this or
any foreign country. The printed title may
be a copy of the title-page, if it is to have a
title-page. In other cases the title must be
printed expressly for copyright entry, with
name of claimant of copyright. The style of
type is immaterial and the print of a type
writer will be accepted, but a separate title is
required for each entry and eacii title must be
printed on paper as large as commercial note
The legal fee is 50 cents, and 50 cents addi
tional is demanded for a copy of the entry
Not later than the day of publication in this*
country or abroad two complete copies of
the best edition of the play must
be delivered to or mailed to the Li
brarian of Congress at Washington,
D. C.. to complete the copyright. If you do
not have the play printed it is probable that
two copies, type-written on sheets the si»a
oi commercial note-pacer and bound, would
t b hVb^t P efe7' lth " tW ° C ° mplete COpies ot
Perpetual Motion— E. G. a, Livermore, Cat
It is asserted that perpetual motion is not
within the line of possibility. It is said that
it should be a machine which should do work
without exhausting any power of doing work
—that iB, its work must not be accompanied
by any displacement (such as the fall of a
weight or the uncoiling of a spring) or tram
formation (such as the combustion of fuel)
which could not be undone by a replacement
or counter transformation without tne ex
penditure of as much work as the machine
has done. Such a machine is impossible
contrary to all experience, for power of dolne
work is never increased nor diminished. Nev
ertheless many pretend perpetual motions have
been put forth. Most of them are of two classed
First, those which depend upon gravityor
magnetism, and, second, those which depend
upon centrifugal force or other pressure mta
« H n /°l moVing power - If a man should pre
tend to have a wheel which turned upon its
bearings without resistance or would ec on
moving indefinitely, or to have a fluid which
though viscous, was frictionless, or that U»
whth^no^Io ff^aff-'S^a
speaking, be a perpetual motion.
LATKSl SHIPPING I>TJ5Lia<iJ£.N«;i6.
ArriTed.
iSBB3Sp£«5S:
|tmr Truckee. SATURDAY. September 20.
8tmr Trnckee, Thomas. Cooa Bay. ;
Schr Bessie K. Anderson.
Domestic Ports.
IVERSEN9 LANDING-SaUed Sept 2S-8chr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco
8a n°^I n e cuto 3G " Sliaed sept Stmr Noyo. foe
San Francisco.
ROCK PORT- Arrived Sept 28 — Stnxr South
Coast, from DevUbiss Landing.
Foreign Port*.
SH ANOHAI-SaUed Aug 30— Br bark Darra, for
Port Town send.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Arrived 8ept 25
— sctir Alcalde, troni Port Blakeley.
COLON— Sept 2i-simt Finance, for New
Importation*.
PORTLAND— Per State of California— 82 hide*.
106 slcs wool, 6995 sts bran, 77 sWs oa s. '2 o 0 t>kn
barrel beads. 10 sks wheat. 1195 cs salmon. 335
f r, l^ e 6 b 1 "tLK. PaPer ' 1187 gunniw
0 m r or«!Vb^%° i l. 3 i| r S,s 4 bu P 1C 1Oia
I'onjignem.
Per Stat* of California-Alien <t Lew!*- J wmi-1HDUSMD5 HEM
OF A HJkTIOH'S NEED
. ■
. Bay City Republicans
Gather at the Oakland
Tabernacle.
& night; OF PATRIOTISM
_.
•George Knight Cites Claus
> • . Spreckels as Typical of a
'.. '■• Nation's Honor.
:._M;KINLAT ON £'KINLEY.
• The Santa Rcsa P jint-r Tells the
•■. . Great Audience of the Money
Question.
• Oakland Office Par Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, Kept. 26. f
Oakland was given up. to Republicanism
• to-night. For fully hall an houi before
the 7:30 train arrived at Broadway uni
formed clubs with bauds were marching !
through the streets, and ircm housetops j
and street corners rockets Hew skyward,
and red five vied with the moon* in il
luminating the night.
In the reception-room at the Crellin
Hotel a committee consisting of H. A.
Powell. W. M. Dirumock, M. C. Chapman
and E. K. Taylor welcomed the dis
tinguished speakers as they cainn in from
• the train. •
No time was wasted in starting on the
liua of march, and while the massive
torches of the Alliance ' blew streams of j
lire high in the air- the -speakers- of the
. evening entered the carriages, and, pre
ceded by a splendid band, the march com- ',
menced. The Alliance,' eighty strong, led
ti>e way. Following the Alliance was the
Young Men's Republican League in Land
some uniforms ai.d carrying torches. It
•was the first appearance of the club in
uniform, and ihey made a very pic- j
• turesque showing.
The Forty-eighth Assembly Club headed
by a transparency declaring for the great |
Ohio protectionist and lor their Assembly I
candidate, F. M. Leavitt, was next. They
• were all neatly uniformed, and of course, i
carried torches.
•" Prominent in the parade was that-grand
. body of men whose tread was not so
■ sprightly as that of the younger Repub
licans, and whose hair is . sprinkled
liberally with gray. They constituted the
. Army and Navy League of Veterans, and
each man curried a huge Chinese lantern.
The veterans stretched out for a couple of
blocks, and were loudly cheered.
I Alter a march of about a dozen blocks
the parade reached the Tabernacle, at
each corner of which was blazing a huge
bonfire. Although / the Tabernacle is
• capable of seating 6000 people, it was un
/ able to accommodate the immense crowd
. that attempted to gain admittance, and i
while the great meeting was in progress, a !
' large overflow meeting was being addressed
bp General Har:, Tirey L. Ford and E. D.
Feixotto at me Alliance headquarters at
• Elite Hall.
The hall was very tastefully decorated
8 by the Army and Navy League, and on
■ every pillar, framed with the National j
Colors, were large pictures of those men j
■ whose names are part of the Republic.
The platform was rilled with the uni
formed clubs, and in the front rows with
• the speakers were Rev. Anna Shaw and j
Mrs. Lloyd Baldwin, presidentof Alameda
. County Equality Society.
: • E. K. Taylor introduced Victor H. Met
' . calf as chairman of the meeting, and in
doing so referred to the fact that the fric
' - tion that had been amons: the Republican
parties in this county had disappeared,
and that the only friction at this time was
that of the people as they tried to enter a
hall already packed. Victor Metcalf, in
accepting, the chairmanship of the meet
. ins, called attention to the prosperous
condition of the country four years ago
when ; Cleveland was elected,' and how
within a few months thereafter the situa
. tion had changed; mills were closed,
money was hoarded, armies of unemployed
were marching on to Washington to de- i
' mand employment at the hands of the
.- Government. This he held was not due
. • . to the financial question, as it wa3 the fear
' of what might come later,
t" He referred to the law repealing the
'Sherman law, wherein the Democratic
'- • -party had declared for bimetallism when- j
- ever the nations could agree on the matter,
and said it was little wonder that tbou
• sands of good Democrats refused to in
dorse the Chicago platform or the wild
Btattrnerits being made by their candidate
'. for President and other campaign speak
ers. They had declared solemly for bi
metallism by an act of Congress, but now
•'. repudiated it for a monometallism on a
silver basis. He declared protection to be
■ the paramount issue of the campaign and
expressed the belief that the votes of the
• Nation would at the coming election bury
.the mongrel party, with its free-silver and
. free-trade slogan, so far that it would
never again be heard of in this country.
-,\Here he first mentioned McKinley and
: .Hobart and was interrupted with a storm
.': of applause. Inclosing ue referred to pro
• •. tection and prosperity and elicited en
■•'. -tbusiastic applause.
. ' The double musical quartet of the
■Young Men's Republican League sang
'campaign songs, and George A. Knight
• Was introduced. . He said:
' If a citizen of this State was in Washington,
D. C, in 1897, he would not want to acknowl
• edge it, If this great State did not have the
good sense to get on and ride. [Applause.]
• Here we are with everything that nature couid
•-give us and yet we are not fairly in the race
•with the other States. They want us to get on
•and do something now. Most ■ places you ■ go
you are told tuat they are the worst mixed up
.of any people on earth. Wouldn't it be a shame
for California not io be in line this year as a
Republican State? ' ,
There has not been a principle for twentv
five years that McKinley has not stood for. He
Is a clean man and there is no relations
which you cannot hook that man onto that
we would not pull. When you come to loyalty
and patriotism for the country, he bad .it be
fore he was 17 years of age. That is our can
didate in this campaign. •
Not nine months ago there was not a dyed
in-the-wool south of the Mason and Dixon
line Democrat who did not give up in de
spair and say the Republicans would win in a
walk. Now all we want to .do is to keep Re
publicans in line and standing at the guns.
Two- thirds of the old Republican party are
sleeping in God's acre. Their brains are still
and their tongues are silent, never more to
argue for the perpetuity of the great party that
has given the Nation its greatest statesmen
and that has done so much for the country at
• large. This is greatly lelt, as the. young men
of to-day are not up in the great principles of
the Republican party. ■ . \. ,
The Republican party's idea of protection is
not confined to locality. The Ban ta Clara
prune-grower shall be protected and so shall
the Pennsylvania ironmaster. .
Because the State Convention indorsed the
free coinage of silver we are always met with
the charge that we are inconsistent. That is
not so. The Republican party has always pro
tected silver and every other industry. How
can the freo coinage of the world's sliver ben
efit this country? We don't believe in the
• free coinage of the output of pauper hands, no
Butter whether silver. Chinese boots, Austra
lian wool or thing else. I would strain a
point to protect wool, or oranges, or wheat,
and if American silver needs protection I am
in favor of protecting it. The people who ad
vocate the Jree coinage of the world silver at
16 to 1 are demonetising silver. Why not say
1 to IT Because the inevitable law ox trace
ofliu^r u^ e ,H rlier time that slx ">en ounces
m\: ec ls worlD one oi gold
could 0 * a o y t 8^ ? l Th civilized world, *»* von
becau^ th« ¥. , 11 " dlff erent-if yon would,
earlier ti«-^ rl 2 is a ? aln « you- Trade at an
beaHpri^ e^K 8 fixea Its value . en(iil cannot
me?ci!l r.'t J, h orld now sa > 8 that tho com
eovern m »nf i533t01 ' und al1 the fiats -of
g wL inn ? ent e a»notchanR... it.
will £ rU™°, n ,, ey an y how? If Claus Spreckels
hi n»,«.^ .K ree 'I 1 ' 1 * 5 llleces of P a Per ' vith
could 5* * e . m ' * do not waflt money. I
oaroundth world ami have a belter
ll^n» t you ever dreamed of. And why?
Because I would have the backing of a man
"1° " e enterprise, whose credit, whose- honor,
wnose sobriety, whose integrity Is known and
respected all over the world. Wherever the
name of CIhu* SpreckeU is known, and it is
known everywhere, I should be respected
because of his integrity, and that little piece
of paper would be ns valuable as the amount of
figures upon it, because that man had always
been honorable and had always paid hisdebts,
and because the world has confidence In him.
And ii this is true of a roan, how much more is
it true when the paper is bucked by a great
nation?. It is not a question of money that we
are to face — it is a question of protection.
It is not the laborer of the country that
walks the floor at night and wanders how the
great manufacturing enterprises that support
you can be kept from failure. Will you crip
ple the source from which von get your food?
1 remember when Government land sold for
ipl '2o an acre, and could be bought for green
backs that were quoted at 33 cents on the dol
lar. I know men who would drink three acres
of land a day and damn the Government be
cause it did not help him. We wan the indus
tries of the laud protected so that the men who
gel their living from them can have the neces
sities of every-day life.
It you want to hurt a man or crush the life
out of a mother subject their child to criti
cism, on account of their clothes. Wnen you
ha a man by making- him feel that be is not
the peer of his neighbor* In .supplying his
lamily with the things they meed, you make
him dangerous to society.
When you cross the bay to-morrow see how
many American flags you see mid hang your
heads in shame. Can we not build ships ? At
her moorings you will ace the Oregon, the
pride of the world, built on our vevy shores.
Yet our carrying trade is done by loreign
countries and our merchant service is crippled,
and by the Democratic policy that we now mii
ler from. The first two years of Mr. Cleve
land's administration lost to this country
.$060,000,000 in livestock alone. . His sale of
bonds cleared up for the syndicate $1
! 008, and that would build four ships like the
I Oregon.
Mr. Knight then answered a few ques
tions that were shouted at him and
always scored a point. In a corner of the
gallery were some Populists, and to them
the speaker addressed a few words and
was loudly applauded. He said: "It is a
eood place to be at this time, in the Re
publican ranks. .Men are every day cut
ting adrift from their old traditions and
coming to the party of law and order, and
they could not do better."
Mrs. S. M. Martin sang ''Columbia,"
while many beautiful American flags were
, waving on the platform. All t;.e im
mense audience joined in the chorus.
Marion Claik, veteran, sang an original
\ song and accompanied himself on the
banjo. i -;Si:.h
. D. C. McKinlay of Santa Rosa, the
laborers' representative on the Republican
electoral ticket, was enthusiastically re
ceived when introduced, He said: "The
.Republican party of this State is entering
j the skirmish which will culminate in the
j. great battle of. November 3, wnen McKin
j ley will be elected and we shall see the
Republican eagles shining in the bright
! ness of returning prosperity. There is no
j appeal to passions in the Republican plat
| form or any effort to range class against
i class.
"It sets forth the two great principles of
the party — protection and sound money.
International bimetallism is declared for
without the repudiation of our debts.
''The Republican parly is willing to meet
the great nations of the earth in an effort
to fix the parity of the two metals. Our
silver dollar has an intrinsic value of 61
cents. In spite of this, every dollar of our
silver circulates along with gold, owing to
the sensible policy of our Government,
which places the gold behind the silver.
If this was not done the silver would fall
to its commercial value and it would take
two silver dollars to equal one gold dollar.
, The value of a tiling is fixed by the great
! law of supply and demand and not by leg
j islation. No act could affect silver so that
! it would go up in price to $1 29, as prom
ised by our free-silver friends. It will
take the same force to raise it as it took to
lower it — that is, the united action of the
ten great nations of the earth." <
The Rev. Arna Shaw was greeted with
the Alliance slogan. "I feel now that 1
j am almost a politician," she said. "The
j women are as interested in trie outcome of
this election as any man, but I believe
their support will be eagerly sought in
! this State another year. I ;want to ex
i press the thantcs of the women of the
country and State to the Republicans of
this county for toe resolution indorsing
! woman suffrage in the platform of your
j recent county convention. Back of every
man who tooK his pun and marched to
the South to fight for his country there
stood a woman as loyal and as patriotic as
any man who went". She was 1 ft with a
j good-by kiss, with his children and the
care of them, to lignt the battles of life.
I claim her faith Was not one whit smaller
than that of the man wuo went to battle.
"The women who ask for the ballot in
California to-day are not pauper laborers
from foreign lands, but are women reared
and educated in this fair land, equal to
any that ever breathed. In the peasant
I man and woman we see the completion of
a nation's hope, the foundation of a conn
try's prosperity. .The woman by the hus
band's side who has done so much to make
the money po the farthest is not one whit
second to the man. When Mr. Knight
asked who it was that walked the floors at
j night I wanted to say the mothers. [Ap
plause.] Give us a motherhood of women
who urftierstand the issues of the day and
we'll give you a childhood born in atriot
ism, one reared in patriotism and one
that is filled to the utmost with patriot
ism." ■ [Applause.]
ANNIE DESPAIRS Of LIFE,
A Domestic Locks Herself in a
Room and Turns on the
Gas to Escape.
Joseph Emerick' Sentenced for Conduct
ing a Gamb ing Place— He
Will Appjal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 26.— Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Riiey were considerably sur
prised this morning upon coming down to
breakfast to find that the hired girl, An
nie Benson Green, was lying In a small
room, unconscious, with tae gas turned
on. Tne door was locked and the keyhole
plugged so as to keep the gas from escap
ing.
Her absence this morning, after having
been in a melancholy state for several
days, was taken st once to mean that she
had attempted to take her life, fahe was
quickly resuscitated.
The Tidal Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 26.— The "Wash
ington d lopatch, published exclusiveJy in
this morning's Call, in regard to the tidal
canal, has been the one theme of conversa
tion in this city to-day. Nothing In years
has aroused &uch a united sentiment of
disappointment as the news conveyed in
the dispatch. Both of the evening papers
devote considerable space to the article.
Dr. McLean thinks that the "War De
partment will change Its mind when his
fast communication reaches there.
One Hundred Dollar* line.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 26.— Joseph
Emerick, who was recently found guilty
of conducting a gambling place on Park
street, was to-day sentenced to pav a fine
of ?i00 or spend lifty days in jail. The de
fendant was present and gave notice of an
appeal. He was released upon giving bail
in the sum of $200.
The growth of the Argentine Republic
since 1861 has been remarkable. In that
vear the population was placed at 1,350,
000, while at present it is «aid to be
4,01)0,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
REPUBLICANS IN
PERFECT MflMOlY
F. J. Fletter Is Chairman
of the New County
Committee.
NO SIGNS OF CONTEST.
Red Church Is Appointed Chair
man of the Executive
Committee.
WILL REGAIN LOST PRESTIGE
The Presidential Campai?n Starts Out
U. d?r the Most Favorable Aus
pices for Party Success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
«08 Broadway. Sept.. 26. )
The new Republican County Central
Committee met for the tirst time this
afternoon and organized. The personnel
of the new committee is: F. J. Flettcr,
Alameda; J. H. W. Riley. Brooklyn; B.
C. Hawes, Eden; J. H. Neal, Murray; J.
W. Striker, Oakland; S. C. Archibald,
Washington; "vv". \Y. Morrison, First
Ward; A. H. Breed, Second Ward; J. L
Palmer. Third Ward; Rod W. Church,
Fourth Ward; T. M. Robinson, Fifth
Ward ; Charles Mautalen, Sixth Ward, and
J. W. Evans, Seventh Ward.
After arranging for the debts that were
outstanding the old committee adjourned
sine die. After a little speechifying the
new committee proceeded to elect officers.
B. C. Hawes nominated F. J. Fletter and
A. W. Breed nominated J. W T . Evans.
The vote was eagerly watched. It had
been given out, and the statement was es
sentially true, that the vote for the chair
manship would determine whether the
old committee were to hold tbe balance of
power or whether the. new blood would
prevail. It was known that there was
only one vote in doubt.
Evans took the floor and said that there
was no struggle between the members, and
paid a compliment to Mr. Fietter. Mr.
Fietter did likewise, and when the vote
was taken Fletter courteously voted for
his opponent. The result was: Fletter,
7; Evans, 6.
Tne Evans votes were: Palmer, Breed.
Robinson, Fletter, Riley and Archibald.
The Fletter votes were: Muutalen,
Hawes, Church, Evans, Neal, Striker and
Morrison.
Mr. Evans moved that Fletter's election
be made unanimous and it was imme
diately done.
This was the first proof of harmony in
the County Committee for many years
and was quite a surprise to those who
have striven to preserve unpleasantness
in ;he party. Ft the next two years
there is promise of bringing back the old
time Republican prestige of Alameda
County and ic is a matter of common con
gratulation among all members of the
party that harmony prevails at the outset
of s Presidential campaigns
The standing committees were an
nounced as follows:
Executive Committee— Rod Church, W. W.
Morrison, J. A. Xeal, B. V. Havens, J. W.
Evans.
Printing— Havens, Archibald, Mautalen.
Auditing— J, Striker, J. I. Palmer, W. W, Mor
rison.
Arrangements— p. C. Archibald, C. Mautalen,
T. M. Kobmson, W. \V. Morrison, A. H. Breert.
Ways and Means— J. W. Evans, A. H. Breed,
B. C. Haven*, J. I. Paimer aad Rod Church.
Suffragists Meet.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 26.— Two pre
cinct meetings of woman suffragists were
Held this afternoon lr. Berkeley. One was
at the home of Mrs. Dr. Payne, corner of
University avenne and Stanford place,
where an address was delivered by Mrs.
Hester Harland, who was formerly State
organizer of the suffragists. Another
gathering was at tbe residence of Mrs.
little, 1406 Henry street, Mrs. Chick being
the speaker.
Dropped Dead on tbe Street.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— Miss Fan
nie Stacey. the aunt of James Sutton. the
recorder at the University of California,
who arrived from Colorado Springs to
day, died very suddenly while out for a
walk this evening with Mrs. Sutton at
Eighteenth and Brush streets in this city.
She fell to the sidewalk and was uneon
scious when Dr. J. C. S. Akerly arrived.
He lives near the corner and had her con
veyed to his house, but she expired before
they reached it, and tbe body was re-
moved to the Morgue. Miss Stacey has
been an invalid for many years, with
heart trouble, and came nere in the hope
of getting relief. She was a native of Eng
land, aged 60 years.
fTOUI-il-MONrY LEAGUE.
Bushiest Men Organirlnjr for Self-Pro
tection During the Campaign.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— A number
of the leading business men met this after
noon for the purpose of organizing a
branch of the ?ound-money League of
California in this city. Ihe league ha3
headquarters in San Francisco and
branches in Los Angeles, Sacramento, San
Jose and other cities. No notice was pent
out until this morning, but there was a
good attendance of representative men
prespnt.
It was decided to call the organization
"The Oakland Business Men's Sound
money League," and a prominent Demo
crat will De selected as pies;dent. A com
mittee on constitution and on selection of
officers was appointed to report at the
next meeting.
WHLDD -Vi CASE.
Efforts to Show That Prejudice Existed
Aiuomk the Jurors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— The efforts
to quash tbe indictments against Myron
A. Whidden. on account of the alleged
shortages in the offices of the County Tax
Collector ana the mutilation of public
records, were continued to-day before
Judge Greene.
Deputy District Attorney L. S. Church
apueared for tbe people and George de
Golia for W r hidiien. The claim of preju
dice in the jury was first taken up and the
afternoon spent in examining the mem
bers of the Grand Jury which returned
the indictment.
11 GERMAN GARDEN FETE
Berkeley's Delightful Event for
the Children's Hospital
Fund.
Handsome Sum Rea ized by the Ladies
Through an Enjoyable
Medium.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Ger
man fete at the residence of Mrs. Ben
Morgan, on Channing way, thi3 afternoon
proved to be a grand success, both socially
and financially. About $800 was cleared,
which will be added to the fund of $2400
already on hand for theestablishment and
endowment fund at the Children's Hos
pital in San Francisco.
All Berkeley was interested in the affair,
and the ladies of the college town in par
ticular contributed liberally, both of their
means and their talent, to make the fete a
success.
From 1 o'clock in the afternoon until 7
in the evening there was a continuous
round of mirth and merriment inside the
beautifully decorated grounds and the
artistically arranged dwelling - house.
Everything was Germanic in its nature,
even to the frankfurters and sauerkraut.
There was a German play, a German
dance, German waiting maids, German
games, German music and German merry
making.
Free Silver Club.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 26.— The Free
Silver Club of East Berkeley has com
pleted its oreanization and elected the
following officers: President, Theodore
Wagner; vice-president, F. E. Armstrong;
secretary, R. W. Good; treasurer, F. E.
Bmh ; executive committee— A. M. James,
O. F. Kerns, C. S. freble, J. W. Oberg, J.
P. Sat her. The following are ward vice
presidents: M. Doyle. Dr. Farrar, J. M.
McNulty, J. N. Jacobson, F. V. Baer, J.
H. Fletcher, W. H. H. Gentry.
Stopped With His Coat.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 26.— Al Tobin,
s member <f the Aleri Hose Company,
prevented what might ave proveu to be a
disastrous fire In the Dwight way news
stand last night, by smothering the young
flames with nis coat.
Before be had put out the blase, how
ever, $200 worth of cigars were destroyed.
SiNGLE-TAXERS
FORM II PARTY
It Was Born and Baptized
in Delaware State
September 17.
AN IMPORTANT STEP.
Its Short Piatform That Purports
to Embody All Essential
Needs.
GROWTH OF THE MOVEMENT.
Throughout California and the Eastern
States It Is Steadily Gaining
Strength.
important news of the single tax move
ment bas been received in this City, hav
ing escaped the eagle of the Eastern cor
respondent. It is no Ijss than the birth
and baptism this month of the Single Tax
parry in Delaware.
"Yes," said J. S. Reynolds, the well
known Singie-taxer oi this City, yester
day, "the news i3 true. The Single Tax
party, pure and undented, was born and
-christened in the capital of Delaware ou
the 17th inst.
"You already know of the campaign of
education, unequaled for ability, skill and
devotion to human rights in the largest
sense, tnat has been carried on in that
State for the last sixteen months. As the
time for holding the conventions drew
near the single-taxers sought to obtain
from both the dominant parties a declara
tion in favor of their doctrine to be made
binding on the candidates for the Legis
lature. They were rewarded with a plen
tiful supply of promises before the con
ventions met, but with insult, taffy and
the icy hand after. Then a conference was
called to consider the .situation, resulting
in the issuance of a call for a delegate
estate Convention on September 5, which
was postponed to the 17th.
"1 he convention was full, composed of
laboring men, tenant farmers and those
who owned their iarms, men of business
and many of the professions, a truly
representative body. " This is their plat
form:
We, the single-taxers of Delaware, la State
convention assembled, proclaim as our funda
mental doctrine the equal right of all men to
the use of the earth, and as the single tax is the
simplest plau proposed to establisn this right
we demand tbal all taxes in the State ot Dela
ware, except a tax upon the rental value of
land, be at once and forever abolished.
We would thus do away with the corruption
and gross inequality inseparable from our
present tax system, and relieve the larmer, the
workman and the manufacturer from those
taxes by which they are now unjustly bur
dened. Such a system of taxation would make
it impossible lor speculators to hold land idle,
and would thus open unlimited opportunities
for the employment of labor and capital.
Then, after expressing sympathy with
the silver party, they add:
We, however, do not believe that any mere
change iu the monetary system can have any
permanently beneficial effect upon the condi
tion ot the masses ox the people while land
monopoly exists.
"The remainder of the platform has ref
erence to local matters. They appointed
Stale and county committees and nomi
nated Dr. Lewis M. Slaughter for Gover
nor, and every county will nominate a
straight ticket for the Legislature.
"Do I think they will win? Why don't
you ask me if I think the planets will hold
in their conr&es, or if 10-morrow's aun
will shine ? The Single-Tax party of Dela
ware has come to stay, and inside of four
years will ari-e in every State of the Union
or Dend some other party to its uses. You
want to read that platform over till you
understand its meaning. You don't sea
much there about 'transportation,' and
•money,' and 'Government ownership,'
'economical administration' and 'electing
good men to office.' Yet they are all
tnere: 'equal right to the use of the eartn'
comprehends them all. Study it, young
man.
"Outside of Delaware the single - tax
cause is growing everywhere. MoreBingle
taxers have been nominated by other
parties than ever before many times over.
There is certain to be a large number in
the next Congress. The Republicans of
Michigan had the good sense to nominate
Mayor Pingree of Detroit for Governor
and the Democratic and Populist machines
have fused to beat him. for he has demon*
strated to them in a small way chat access
to bold land is the right solution of the
industrial problem.
"In California the single-tax movement
is apparently obscured by the 'white
metal' epidemic, but only in tne seeming.
"Yes, some single-taxers have the dis
ease, but always in a very mild form.
Some children will have the whooping
cough and hardly know it. That is the
way hysteria arpenti affecis single-taxers,
and yet there isn't agoldbugamong them.
"You mipht have noticed that tho
singie-taxers have been writing ttie plat
forms for all the parties this year. They
got their resolution for constitutional
amendment adopted by the platform
committee at the Democratic State Con
vention, and then some big land-owners
got it turned down by a tricic. The same
men who did this have since bolted the
ticket. The Populists of Marin County
adopted tho straight National single-tax
platform written by Henry George.
"The favorite form of the movement in
California is a pledge by legislative con
ventions and candidate* to support a con
stitutional amendment removing restric
tions to legislative action on the subject
ot taxation and revenue. The Junta con
vention adopted such a resolution, pledg
ing ita candidates in strong terms. There
were a few fossils there who frantically
hollered 'Single tax!' but the majority
took the sensible view that the people
have a right to voie on it if they want to,
and they also have a right to a chance to
adopt the single tax if they want to.
"The same resolution was submitted to
the Republican County Convention, but
they threw it out. They thought it was a
Terra del Fuegan war song, and by a ris
ing vote they declared 'The people ain't
ready for it yet.' But tell it in whispers,
lest some one be scared white, they nomi
nated several single-taxers for the Legis
lature all the same.
"But it is after all by saturating the
public mind with economic truth that the
single- tax philosophy is making its real
and its greatest advance, and not by tne
passing of resolutions ana petting its ad
herents nominated for office, or even
elected, until they shall be able to dictate
legislation. He is a patient creature, the
single-taxer, and he rests secure in the
knowledge that the single tax will arrive
on time ; that it is due to arrive at the same
hour when the people of California gatner
economic sense enough to perceivs that
it is not wise, does net conduce to their
•protection and prosperity' and happiness
withal to work five days out of every six
for landlords and their agents and under
strappers, the various industrial monopo
lies. A sure sign that it is coming is
found in the growing belief that the
makers of our State constitution did not
possess all knowledge. They thought
they did and so they legislated to* the
minutest particular tor themselves and
their posterity, world without end. Hap
pily they are now all dead except General
Barnes and myself, whom Divine Provi
dence preserves as awful examples."
Union Meeting*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 29.— The Min
isterial Uniou of tnis city met in the par
lors of the Galindo Hotel to-night and ar
ranged the programme for a monster
union meeting to be heid Sunday evening,
Novemberl, in the Exposition building.
The Rev. Dr. R. P. Coyle, president of the
union, will preside. The arrangements of
the meeting are as follows:
Address by the president; anthem by choir:
scripture lesson, Rev. C. H. Hobart; prayer,
Rev. A. Kuinmer; biographical sketch of Luth
er's Hfo, Rev. J. E. Bushnell; Luther's hymn,
"Eine Festo Burg"; collection, in charge of
Rev. E. S. Chapman; address, Hev. Mr.
Brown; bymn, congregation; stereopticon
views. Rev. C. W. Wenate; hymn, congrega
tion; benediction, Professor Jefferson.
The various choir leaders will meet and
select a leader, and the ushers will ar
range to seat those attending.
The Rev. O. W. Wendte read a paper on
'^Vby the Masses Don't Attend Church."
This was discussed by all the ministers
present. Rev. Mr. Hobart thought sen-a
tionalism was to be avoided, and Dr. <5oyle
said the old truths should be heralded in
golden settings.
Maleton's Will.
OAKLAND, Cai,., 8ept- 26.— The will of
the late Henry Maleton, the San Pablo
saloon man, has been riled for probate.
It was dated June, 1895, but by a codicil
dated September 10, one <:ay before ~he
died, annuls a bequest of $2000 previously
made to his sister, Mrs. Mary Verkeyn.
Tfie estate comprises among other things
a $10,000 lot at San Pablo avenue and
Twenty-second street. He leaves $1000 to
his biother, Edward Maleton Sr., $1000
each to his two nephews and the rest to
his widow.
Confidence Betrayed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— The resi
dence of the Kev. Alfred Sjolander of the
Swedish church was robbed of $15 yester
day afternoon. He is of the opinion that
a young man from Denver, who called
during the forenoon, returned in his ab
sence and entered the place by a rear door.
The fellow is described as about 27 years
old, 5 feet 11 inches tall, and wore a bluish*
gray suit.
Dr. Anderson to Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 26.— Dr. Jerome
A. Anderson, the well-known theosophical
writer ana lecturer of San Francisco, is
advertised to speak at the theosophical
meeting here to-morrow evening at 7:30
o'clock, in Syndicate Hall, 561 Thirteenth,
street.
HISTORY OV A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Brief 1 hapters.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Sept. 26. )
J. W. Stetson last evening resigned as presi
dent of the Young Men's Republican club.
Under the constitution Phil Walsh, the first
vice-preeidtsnt, succeeds.
Samuel Hale of West Oakland, father of Fred
T. Hale, fell fiom a step-ladder nt the Second
Congregational Church last evening, and broke
his collar-bone. He also received internal in
juries which, owing to his advanced age, may
prove serious.
The new matron of the Receiving Hospital
is to be Miss Hattie McDonald, now matron of
the Industrial Home for the Blind at Temescal.
She will be succeeded at that home by Mrs.
Grace McPhail.
County Superintendent of Education Gar
lick has isaued a circular giving information
regarding the forthcoming Teachers' Institute
which is to be held in the gymnasium of me
High School of this city beginning Wednesday,
October 23, at 9 a. m., and continuing for
three days.
Next Tuesday at 2 p. jl the Lorin precinct
suffrage meeting will be held at the residence
of Mrs. L. H. Foster, Harmon street, between
Ca'ais and Sacramento.
The Starr King fraternity will give the first
in its series of public entertainments next
Friday evening in the Unitarian church. Rev.
Anna H. Shaw, whose wit and eloquence have
placed her in the front rank of the orators of
the day, will speak on the subject of woman
suffrage.
EEAL ESTATE TBANSAOTIONS.
Eatherlne A. Rivera to Bridget M. McCarthy,
lot on BE corner of Fourteenth and Gui-rrero
streets, S 58 by E 100: also lot 5, block D, SprecH
els' subdivision of blocks A. B and D, l'ari Hill
Homestead Association No. "2; $10.
George a Crlm (trustew of estate of Samuel
Crlm, *or Grace M.. Samuel M. ana William H.
Crlm Jr.) to Catherine- E.. Usthofl, undivided one
eighth of lot on NK corner of Twenty-second and
Alabama streets, E 50 by N 104: $.U8.
.same to Catherine l.awler, undivided one-eighth
of lot on N Un» of Twenty-secona street 7'J :6 W
of Harrison, W 25 by N 95; $156.
Same to John F. Ewing, undivided one-eighth of
lot on £ line of Alabama street, 156 X of Twenty
fourth, N 79 by E 100: also undivided one-eighth
of lot on W line of Florida street, 179 > of Twenty
tourth, N 29 by W 100; $480.
Ann Mellynn to Margaret Mellrnn, lot on W
line of Sanchez street. 61 :ti B of Valley, S 25 by
W 105; gift.
Mary A. and John Mugge to Gastav F. W.
Schultze, lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street, 107 :d
W of asichez, W 25 by SI 14; $10.
Jacob and Linn Hevman to Cbarlea Kellie, lot
on W line of Hoffman avenue (Ellen) 51-.U S of
Twentv-ihird street, S 25 by W 100, Heyman
Tract: $10.
Peter O. and Dorothea Olsen (by R. I. Whelan.
Sheriff) to J. A. Black, lot on 3 line of Jackson
Street, 105 B of Front. E 20 by S 60: $4 50
Thomas S. Adams to H. J. Lang, all interest in
the following: lot on NK corner of Sinter and
Kearny streets: lot on Mission street. 76 NK of
SUtti; lot on Valencia street. 80 NE of Ridley;
lot on Tay street, 93:6 s of Clav; lot on E line of
Fifth street. 137:6 JfW of Bryunl; »U interest in
estate of James Adams, Alameda County, No.
1915: also property in Oakland (tills a«4ijiimoDt
is Intended to seen re the payment of $1300 five
months Jrom Mhv 29, 1896, at 1 per cent per
month, assignment ana deed); $1.
.-red s. Adams to same, all interest in same.
Given to secure note for $1300 five months from
May IV, 1896, 1 per cent per mouth, assignment
and deed; $L
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to Margaret M.
Bowhay. lot on £ line of Twenty-second avenue,
aOO -\ of Lake street. N 60 by E 120: $10.
L. A. Rutherford (widow) to Benjamin F. Gil-
Auction $al^
■ ; ! _
P. J. BARTH, AUCTIONEER.
TRUSTEES' AUCTION SALE
OF BICYCLE; SUNDRIES, OFFICE
FURNITURE and STO IS FIXXURJSS.
MONDAY.
Monday ■ — September 2 8, 1896,
. At 11 o'clock a. m., at
, 1 5 1 0 Market Street, .
I will sell, without reserve, the above stocK con-
sisting of Bicycle Clothing, : Lumos, Repair Kits,
Knamels, Cements, etc Also at 12 o'dock sharp,
150 yar is Carpet, Chairs, Shelving. Counters, one
Hall Safe, Showcases, Tab'es, one Typewriter, one
Roller-top Oak Desk, Awning, etc.
Note.- The trade and general public are Invited
to attend this site. P. .T. B A RTH. Auctioneer.
man, lot on W line of Thirty-ninth avenue, 150 S
of W street, 8 50 by W 120; $10.
• James K. and Amelia S. Damon to Frederick R.
Webster, lot on aE Hue of Tara street. 160 NE of
Vernon avenue, NK 40 by SE 103:6, lot 41, tan
Miguel Homestead Association; $60.
Bay View Land Company to Koxann H. Har
rell. lot on SW line of Thirty-second avenue south,
75NWof H street south, NW 26 by 8W 100, be
ing lot 4, block 559, Bay Park Homestead Associ
ation; grant.
Minna FaMbmch (wife of William) to George C.
Fablbusch, lot on K line of Lobos street. 180 W of
Capitol, \V 50 by IS 125, portion of lot 9, block O,
Kail road Homestead Association: Klft.
Same to William H. Fahlbusch, lot on NItne of
Lobos street, 280 \V of Capitol, \V 50 by N 125, be
ing portion of lot 9, block O, Katlroad Homestead
Association: Rift.
Tillman & Bendel (a corporation) to George II.
Caswell, lots 670 and «82, Gift map 3; $10.
ALAUEDA COUNTS'.
B. C. and Elizabeth (i. Fabrlque to Mary M.
Stevens (wife of John H.). lot on iV line of Knox
avenue. 664.96 W of Telegraph. N 112.38, W
35.17, S 111.41, £ 35.30 to beginning, being the E
35 feet of lot 34, Knox Park. Oakland : $10.
F. J. and Dell C. \Votdward to H. C. Morris, lot
on K line of Filbert street, 185.17 SW of Six
teenth, 8 50 by E 125. being portion of lots 3 and
4, block 591, GallDdo Tract, Oakland; $10.
Charles C and Amanda Buffett to Richmond
Logan, lot on SE corner of Thirty-fourth and
Cbestnnt streets, 8 80 by K 128:3, Oakland,
subject to a mortgage for $2600; $10.
A. L. Todd, 8. A. and Carrie J. Greene to H. M.
Allen, lot 3. block A, lands of Oakland View
Homestead Association, except that portion be
ginning at the N corner of lot 3, block A, Oakland
Homestead Association, thence SIS 5.52, thenco
8W along a curve to the left radius 492:4 fret to
line dividing lots 3 and 4, block A, of said tract,
thence KW S.56 to s>K line of Walsworth avenue,
NE 51 to beginning, subject to a mortxage!for
$8000, Oakland: *10. *
Carl Strobel to H. 1* Norton, lot on SW corner
of Blair and Vernal avenues, W 135 by S 100,
being lots 1 and 2, blocic A, Huoteon Tract, sub
ject to a mortgage tor $1000, Oakland Township;
$3000. •
■ Catherine and George Samsreitber to Margareth*
Munzenmeyer, lot on M line of Todd street, 200 W
of Occidental. W 50 by N 135, being lot 13, block
1£, Paradise Park, Oakland Township: $10.
Catherine Samsreither to Marg&rette Mun»en
meyer, lot on >' line of Alcatraz avenue, 100 E of
Calais street, E 50, N 140:9, W 60, 8 141 to begin
ning, being lot 7. block A, subdivision of S port
Of Harmon Tract. Berkeley: $10.
George and Catherine -samsrelther to Marga
retlia Munzenmeyer, lot on line of Altratraz ave
nue, 400 W of Occidental street, W 66, 8 127.86,
E 50 to beginning;, being lot 1, block A, except
that portion taken off tor widening Alcatraz ave
nue, being portion of Paradise Tract, Berkeley;
$10. ;
C. H. Wltham (by Tax Collector) to Charles
Babb, lot 19, block 21, North Alameda Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $1.
Kobertand Catherine Vierhaos to H. M. Allen, lot
on 8 line of Calnoun street, 131:7 E of Resent, K
46 by is 100, being lot 18, Boulevard Tract, Ala
meda; $10.
Henry and Jennie Epstein to George Walsh, lot
on \V line of Regent street, 222:4 S of San Jose
avenue, 8 26 by W 128:8V4, Alameda: $10.
Louis Hirschler toJacoo Hisrcnler, lot on SW
corner of Encinal avenue and Post street, W 37:6
by S 85, Alameda; $1500.
Manuel and Mary J. Bernard to Jose S. de Souza,
lot on SW corner of Oak street, 200 NW of Syca
more, SW 100 by SW 150. being lot 12, block 8,
Hay wards Park Homestead Union, Eden Town
ship; $530.
Henry and Jennie Wildey to Newton Benedict,
lot on E line of Linden «reet, 101 N of Twenty
fourth, N 30 by K 126, being portion of lots 2 and
3, block K, Map of Survey Northern Extension to
Oakland, subject to mortgage for 500, Oakland;
S10.
Theodore Swift to Mary V. Swift, lot on SE cor
ner of A (or Thirty-second) and Hannah streets.
S 60 by K 75. being the N 50 feet of W 75 feet of
lot 7, block N, la: ds of Peralta Homestead Asso
ciation, Oakland; gift.
Builders' Oontraots.
George W. Wrinht with A. Petry, to erect & two
story frame bn-ldinc on the N hne Twenty-Brat
street, 76 E of Hampshire, $139^; no architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
\V F Knox, Sacramento J Seadler, Sacramento
F Hegaud, Paris M Marchand, Paris
D M Bishop A w, Sacto W H Savidge, Boise
O G McMillan, San Jose C F Karle, Sonoma '
J ¥ Brown, lirds Lndg K M Bwltzer, San Mateo
K "Volmer. Decoto ■ C H Wood, Oakland
T L Stone, Oakland K o McKay, California
II simr>soa, Los Angeles W l)«eu, 1-03 Angeles
M H Thompson & w, Cal 1' H Abshlre & w, Uvrdl
K E Morrow & w. S Kosa K B Mulr A f, TJkiah
V M Johnson, TTklah Miss I. Johnson, TJkian
B L s'-jan it w, Stockton Miss McGumey, Susavl
J 8 »annders, l«ebas:opol « Sieboid. St. fjouis
Mrs V Stewart. Weavrvl Miss Stewart, Weavrvlle
Mrs M J Siurrnlng.Ual j Mrs R Alexander, Cal
J It Mltcheilctw.Lvrmor Miss L Mitchell, liivermr
Miss \V Mitchell, Lvrmr Wm Shaw<few, htocicton
W s Hubbord, Vallejo G \V {.ramer.Grants Fas«
W \V Tnrney & \v, l al W K Moreland, , HidsbrR
W T Dlllman, Sacio ' Miss NAdamson.Illdsbrg
J F Huich'.nson, S Rosa W A White, Los Ang
F M Gilley. Los Angeles If W Gill, t-ebastopol
J W Blackburn, Los Ang E L Burt & w Oakland
Mrs E Campbell, Chico Miss M Temple, Chlco
K E Kndicott, M.D.,Ione H W Crabb. Oakvllle
BM Spencer &w,S Kos-i W A -Marshal I, Pi e<lmont
P T Hartman &w,s Rosa A Rhodes, Santa Rosa I
J Hewiston & w, Cal F B Granger, Alvarado
J C Montgomery, R Y \V S I.uning. Martinez
H li H«-rzin«rer, Uklah A FTenney, Freino
W A Chapman, Cotate J 1 Brown, Birds Landg
C W Morton, Sacto W i' Peterson, Sacto , .
J Brown, Martinez Krs J Brown, Martinez
H A Wright, Stockton J K Wender, Salt Lake
C H Swain. Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
W S Crisman, Salt Lake 1 A Sfmbach, Chicago
H K Folk, Lincoln C W Fay. t>an Jose
C M Buriison, Cat H L Rlonardson, Cal
1 J Brown, Cal Mrs H L .Richardson, Cal
Mrs I J Brown, Cal Jonn Hopkins, Cal
Miss Terrill, Cal Mrs John Hopkins, Cal
C A Cal vert. Cal Miss Anita Terrill, Cal .
'George Arnold, Cal Dr L struck, Sweden
C F Davis, Boston Dr K M Sundborg, Ukiah
A Weber, NY . G T Killlcan, Ban Jose
Hermen Kind. NT ' T Asa!, Japan
W G .Nevin, Chicago Miss Martin, 3 Barbara
Mabel Logan, NO. Virginia Logan, N O
R B Logan, NO G Clark, Yokohama
C H Cross Yokohama W A Duckworth, Eng
Ralph Duckworth, Kng Mrs J A McDonald. Kng
Master McDonald. Eng Giles Whitney, NY
T H Joseph, NY FB Wllborg, Cincinnati
F K Miarkey, N Y Mrs F B Wllborg, Cin
Major-Gen Miles, USA Mrs Miles
Major off, USA Mrs Hoff
dipt F Michelis, USA f'8 Macomber, USA
B. T Pond&xter, Minn J \V Mitchell &, w, L A
WA Bowden <fcw, 8 Jose T Harrington, San Jose
K De Nuleen, NY H F Porter, LA *'*>V:'
B McMurtrie. Lompoc .
BUS3 HOUSE.
L Eedemeyer, Pt Arena C W Adams <£ w, L Ang
H Conway, Arroyo Urnd A G Banker. San Jose
K F Baker, San Jose C H Holmes, Kellopp
D Stornn, Chicago Mrs M Latham, Spokane
L Wetherford, Uklah Mrs A P«sel & s, Bacto
Miss M Mead. Sacto b Burns >» s, Sacto
J Boy, Paso nobles ' J G Hamilton, Hoillstsr
L Seymour, Petaluma Mrs W Noble, San Jose
J £ Williams, Stocitton J E Brown, Arbuckle
W Price, Santa Rosa W B Hiatcy, Santa Rosa
W F Bornckle, Col H .Todu, Oakland
J BIs'iOD, Pt Arena D Travers, Oakland \
C P Berry, Mtn View F de Medicls, Honolulu
Miss Lawrence, Honolulu B Hnssell, Oroville :
Mrs L McBalrd, Fresno J Lord, San Jose
F Platter, Tracy J Heymenn. Los Olivos
A J Tripslem, Chicago J Kirkpatrlck, Lake Cm
J Johnson, Lake County P McGann, Cnlco ■
C Provose, Crows Lncig A T Redey, Santa Rosa
A Cox, Stockton , , . C Colter & w. Auburn
Miss L Coker. Auburn R Satleu, Lcs Angeles
J R Walsh, Omaha J Sullivan, Omaha
H Srisslngham, Snnol It C Bailey, Vallejo
J i. Travis, Oakland , C Meredith, Vallejo
UCK HOUSE.
K A Gilbert, Sacto P J Powers. Cal
J J AUel, San Jose J Schoforitch, Seattl*
H Lechtenberg, Qulncy W D Mack. Uoqulam
J S Taylor, w «fc a ch,8 R H L Tripp A w, S Room
L F Hodge & w, S Rosa C A Tburston A w, Ptlm
Mrs J H Kinsel, S Rosa J H Kinsel. Snnta Roa*
Miss L Kinsel. S Rosa Miss E Morris. S I'.osa
A J Hall, >'apa W Andrews, w A d.Naps
I Dougall,\v<& ira.Mvsvl 0 H Vaode Linden. Arlc
J V Swift <B w, Kedondo E F Berniiard. Kresno
S P Hart <fe w, S Rosa C M Coglan & w, sacio
E H Harrl' g;on, jacksn A P Merritt, Vis;ill»
W Hill, Petaloma T D Measher, San Jo«e
W C Uraue. wrovilie C R Miller. Sacto
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J B Little, Victoria J M A Miaw, U 8 N;
.Mrs W A Dueler, Cal J s Sullivan, Chicago ■
J 1) Lewis, Melbourne R H Wade, Chicago ,
J A Condon Los Ang Campbell, Chicago
H W JDeWerBien. Or i H Wise, Springfield
P J Meisei, Milwaukee <"• M Munford, Springfield
V Jleisel. Milwaukee P J Mokuu, Petaiuma
JO Taylor, Seattle M Russell, Redding
\V Pirzer. Presidio ' MraCBJlason&c.Tacom*
H C Taylor, Marl posa JQuinn, Brenham
J Keliey, Martinez O U Wittiand A w. Iowa
O Senger, US» GF Miller, sia Ko«a
T Carson, V S if KB Granger. Petalum*
II F Bray, OSN F D bheffer, Santa Ana
BALDWIN HOTEL. ;
H S *"oy, U S S Oregon R L Davis, Sacramento
Mrs Thompson, Sn Kosa U Must & w, Vir«n Ccy -
Mrs K M Brown, Vailejo J II Madlox, Ft Worth
W Pinkerton, Cnicaso R j^achlan), London, ont I
Miss Wai • er, Ontario L O Walz, Healdsburg
W Uavis, Goat. Island R Hadso i & w, San Rou
Miss Johnson San Clara J G Scott, Fresno
H T Worrell, Fresno . H Jones Selma
X Miller, Los Angeles . -i?^CQ9fT>Jfef
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL. ......
Georse Brown. Scotland : R Brown, Healdsburg .
M J Cameron, Salt J-aHe A L Cameron, Salt Lake
R H Mix. Salt Lake * - C Cum mines. Mrndota
K Lone «te wife, San Jose D Frltch , Nevada . •
Cora Friich, Nevada G Friteh, Nevada
Hattie Fritch, Nevada C F Bolinilt, New Orleans
C W fcowhnr A wf, Pet J Coward & wf. Sonoma
L ullroy, Portland J R Gilroy, Portland .v : > -u >
J B Closkey, San Jose V R McDonald, Arisona
1314
JAMES I, CAMPBELL
HAS WITHDRAWN
He Will Not Be Paid the
$10,500 Which He Has
Claimed.
THE GERMAN HEIRS WIN
What They Would Prove About
Campbell's Valuable Ap
pointment
HE PREFERRED NOT TO FIGHT.
Question of Campbell Being Overpaid
Put Off Till Final Distribution
of the Estate.
At lu o'clock yesterday morning the
matter of the estate of Charles Lux, de
ceased, was called by Judge Belcher in his
chambers.
The particular proceeding was to deter
mine the rlgnt of the German heirs to in
troduce testimony in support of their
petition for the revocation of an order
made in 1890 under which James H.
Campbell of San Jose, as attorney for the
absent heirs, was to receive $1000 a month,
and especially to prevent the payment of
$10,500, claimed by Mr. Campbell to have
accrued under the order, during the ten
and a half months that proceedings for
the removal of Jesse Sheldon Potter, as
the executor, were under way.
This is the matter in which sensational
charges of fraud upon the part of various
officers of the court were published re
cently. That publication resulted in the
appointment by Governor Budd of Judge
Belcher of this City as special judge to de
termine the rights of the German heirs
under their petition.
When Judge Belcher called the matter
there were present Messrs. William B.
Tread well and George C. Ross represent
ing the executor of the estate; William
Rix of the farm of Bishop & Wheeler, who
are the attorneys lor the representatives
of the estate of the deceased wife of
Charles Lux; James H. Campbell of San
Jose, the respondent in the proceedings,
and his attorney, J. C. Campbell; Henry
Lux, G. C. H. MacBride and Major Pott,
of the petitioners, and their counsel, 1).
M. Delmas, and Mr. Brittain of his office.
Alter some preliminary fencing Mr.
Delmas, on the part of the petitioners,
offered to prove certain facts. He said in
effect:
"The petitioners in this case offer to
prove the following facts: That Charles
Lux died in the county of San Mateo, ir
this State, in the month of March, 18 87,
being at the time of his death a partner in
the partnership of Miller <fe Lux. He left
a will, which was duly probated in the
Superior Court of the county of San Ma
teo in April, 18S7. The will provided gen
erally tbMi one-naif of the estate should
go to the widow of the decedent and the
other half to his brothers and sisters or
their is--ue.
"An inventory and appraisement of the
estate was duly returned in said court in
the mouth of August, 1888, in which the
whole estate was appraised at less than
$3,000,000. This inventory has never been
challenged or modified.
"On January 8, 1888, Henry Lux, one of
the petitioners herein, was the attorney in
fact of all the collateral heirs and devisees
of the deceased, except bis own three chil
dren, Charles, Lena and Lizzie Lux.
"Of the brothers and sisters of the de
ceased, to whom half of the estate was
devised, there were five, one of whom was
Henry Lux.
"Acting as the attorney in fact of these
coliateral kindred, whom we shall term
the German heirs, and in His own behalf
on the 8th day of January, 1888, he entered
into a contract with the respondent,
James H. Campbell, which provided that
said James H. Campbell would faithfully
and diligently represent and act for the
other parties to it as their legal attorney
and adviser, to the exclusion when neces
sary of all other legal business throuKhout
the administration of the estate; and that
he would endeavor to hasten by all lawful
and proper means the close of the admin
istration of said esiate and do all other
acts and things during said administra
tion which might be deemed of benefit to
their interests in the estate.
"In consideration of his promises they
assigned to him 3 per cent of their inter
ests and shares in the estate, provided,
however, that should he violate or break
or disregard any of his covenants, or ne
glect to discharge and fulfill his duties
and obligations in good faith the agree
ment might immediately be rescinded,
and that be should cease to be their attor
ney and should at once release to them all
benefits to be derived by him under the
terms of the agreement. It was further
agreed that he should bear his own travel
ing and other personal expenses in the
performance of his duties.
"Under the terms of the agreement, in
the early part of tue year 1890 and before
the 1st of July of that year, the respond
ent received 3" per cent of a partial distri
bution of the estate of decedent, which
had been made to bis clients, the German
heirs, which 3 per cent amounted to the
sum of $10,500. Thereafter, to wit, on July
14, 1890, the agreement was rescinded by
mutual consent of the paries and another
agreement was substituted in lieu thereof,
which provided that iu consideration of
the reconveyance and agreement therein
contained and of the services already and
to be rendered by James H. Campbell, the
German heirs granted to him an undivi
ded interest in all of the property of the
deceased equal to tbree-hundredtiis of the
shares and interests devised to them by
the will of the decedent.
"In consideration of the foregoing grant
he reconveyed to them all interest in the
estate under the agreement dated Janu
ary 8, 1888, which was thereby annulled.
It was agreed that whatever compensation
should be allowed to him by the Superior
Court of the County of San Mateo as at
torney for absent heirs 'shall be first ap
plied by him to reimburse him for all out
lays made by him in rendering his ser
vices to the parties of the first part, and
the balance shall be credited to the par
ties of the first part in the final settle
ment. It is fully understood that the
compensation herein provided for shall
embrace all services rendered in the ad
ministration of »aid estate by the partv of
the second part up to and including the
final distribution thereof.'
"On the 21st day of July, 1890, an order
was made by the Superior Court of San
Mateo County, which decided that, in
view of the magnitude of the estate and
the arduous duties o. the attorney for .the
absent heirs.it was deemed proper, and
the court therefore ordered that the re
spondent be allowed out of the estate, to
be paid by the administrators and
charged to the German heirs, the monthly
sum of $1000, and that he be so paid tbe
sum of $30,000 for the two and a half
years he ha-J been acting as the attorney
for the absent heirs.
"Tnat tne whoi* of the expenses of the
respondent in rendering his services under
either of said agreements, or under the
order, or in any manner, does not amount
to$500.
"That the value of the estate does not at
the present time, and has not for the last
Premium Wee Native Sons and Daughters— A Home Product Exhibit at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
two years, amounted to the sum of
$4,500,000.
"That at the time of the execution of
the last of tbe two agreements and at the
time of the making of the order the absent
heirs were four oi the brothers and sisters
of the decedent, wbo lived in the province
of Alsace, Germany, and who took under
the will four-fifths of the half of his estate.
Tne other fifth was at that time, and had
been since the death of the decedent and
up to the present time, represented by
Henry Lux and his three children, all of
whom have been during that time resi
dents of the county of Santa Clara, in this
State.
"That early in July, 1896. the whole
partnership property of Miller & Lux did
not exceed $10,000,000.
"The circumstances under which the
agreement of January, 1888, and Julv,
1890, and the order dated July 21, 1890.
were made are as follows:
"In 1887 Henry Lux, the only brother
of the decedent who had ever been in this
State, was a resident of San Jose, and bad
been for many years on terms of great
intimacy with one Louis Krumb, a
breeder in tbat place. Aft r his brother's
death Henry Lux, for himself and as at
torney-in-iact for the German heirs, em
ployed Louis Krumb to assist him in
managing nnd protecting their Interests
in the estate of the decedent, for wnich he
was to receive ample remuneration.
"That while acting as such agent Krumb
►was employed by said Henry Lux for him
self and the other German heirs to tind
and recommend the best and most desir
able attorney-at-law tbat could be em
ployed, at the most reasonable sum, to
protect the interests of said German beirs
in all the legal proceedings in said estate
in which they mi^ht be interested.
"Krumb, acting under this employment,
called upon James H. Campbell, then a
practicing attorney in San Jose, and pro
posed to Campbell to recommend him to
the German heirs as their attorney and
secure if possible his employment by
them, upon condition, however, that said
Campbell would pay him, said Krumb, 40
per cent of whatever fee Campbe.l should
receive for his services for them, and that
Campbell would fix a percentage of the
share of the estate belonging to the heirs,
which he, Campbell, would demand for
bis fee, and should add thereto two-thirds
thereof in addition, and then demand the
total from tbe German heirs as his fee,
and then upon the final payment and di
vision pay over to said Krumb two-thirds
of the whole, as said Krumb's compensa
tion for procuring Campbell's employ
ment. And to all these propositions
Campbell agreed and Krumb recom
mended Campbell to Henry Lux as tbe
most fit and proper person to be employed,
and upon the most favorable terms for the
German heir; in the estate to represent
and protect their interests, but sedulously
and purposely concealed from Henry Lux
the bargain he had made with Campbell.
"Henry Lux, bavins entire faith in the
integrity ol said Krumb, and in utter ig
norance of the bargain between Krumb
and Campbell, though at first reluctant to
do so, finally consented to empiov Camp
bell to represent tbe interests of himself
and tne German heirs, and to pay
him 3 per cent of whatever the
German heirs should ultimately re
ceive from the estate, which agreement
was reduced to writing, and wnich was
the first agreement herein offered in evi
dence, to wit: the agreement of the 8th
day of January. 1888.
"That Henry Lux, at the time of entering
iuto and signing this agreem nt, was stiil
kept in utter ignorance both by Krumb
and Campbell of the bargain made by
them.
"That this agreement of the 8th of
January, 1888, was drawn by said James
H. Campbell him elf, as was also the
agreement of the 14th of July, 1890.
"That the terms of the bargain between
James H. Campbell and Louis Krumb are
correctly set forth in the letter written by
said Krumb to said Campbell on the 28ih
day of February, 1890, which is in the fol
lowing words:
San Jose, February 28, 1890.
Dear Friend Campbell: Your views concern-
Ing your financial question given in yours of
yesterday came to nand, and of course it be
comes inv privilege to exchange with you on
equal grounds, and in order that you may
lully understand my position, and the way I
interpret my claim in the matter, I resort to
putting it in writing. When I first proposed
to furnish you a client, by whom' you couid
earn a fortune for yourself, you naturally ac
cepted the offer with the greatest pleasure;
something which I suppose any attorney, with
no exception in this couuty, would have done
without hesitation.
When we came to fix the percentage my man
was to pay, you figured on how much you
should earn in the case for yourself, and then
added to this the percentage I was to receive
as brokerage, which amoumed to 14-5 plus
1 1-5, equal 3 per cent. I therefore hold that
not you but my man paid my percentage inai
rectiy by agreement. 1 performed my part of
the work, and 1 assure you now that U was not
go easy a one, for you were not his preferred
choice at tne time, and you recollect well the
time it look, and how uneasy you lelt during
the pendency be fore I got him finally to con
sent to my wish.
This euJed actually my mission, and the
commission I received in the case in an indi
rect way from you I hud fu.ly earned and it
wa« so unierstood by you and paid, therefore
nothing further need be said in changing this
deed to me. I hope that you don't regret that
I befriended you a d procured for \ou -*ch
a magnificent f«~, the like of which, I believe,
lias never been earned by any attorney before
in this city.
Now, to the last agreement:
What have you actually done for me that
has eutitled you to snare in the one-half per
centage agreement?
You certainly whs not aware at the time you
closed the first agreement that there was any
additionhl fee coming to you from that source
The $15,000 or more that Mr. L inteuded to
pay me when ho wns enabled 10 do so 1 had
then already earned, and if no agreement
would have been made between us and I left
it go, running the risk that he would live to
pay me, you ceitaluly would not claim that
you were entliled to a share in the same
Furthermore, too had known nothing abnut
this until 1 tod you; that the work ] was
doing for Mr. L. I expected to be laid for by
him, and that ne promised me to do to before
you were in the case. J made you a proiosi
tion that if you assist me in procuring a larger
fee(sav 2 percent) that 1 would add that to our
3 per cent, making a to:a!oi 5 per cent, and
then divide the same in equai parts. No other
definite arrangement was made, except nu
making the proportion of giviup you two-nun
of o:te-half per cent out oi mv fee, to which I
replied i would make it satisfactory to vou
There ihe matter stood un il the last agree
ment was signed. Now y'>u could not percn de
Mr. L. to pay above additional iee, and taera-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
fore I take it for granted that you don't wish
to accept the above proposition. It is my time
and work exclusively that Mr. L. agrees to
pay for. Now, as to fairness, I am certainly dis
posed to do what is tight, and repeat my propo
sition to you once more, and not only awara to
you two-fifths of one-halt, but hall of all the
fee I realized out of my labor and the above
mentioned agreement, after first deducting
$15,000 from the gross amount for me, for this
amount is out of consideration on your part,
having earned this beiore your connection
with me. 1 hope most sincerely that this differ
ence of opinion will not be the cause of break
ing up our friendly relations in this matter, as
well as for future co-operations, for many a
good iee I may be able to procure for you,
although not as large as the above named, and
even this one you would be minus if it were
uot for me. The whole sums up to this: That
if you wish to avail yourself of my. which I
claim generous, offer you are welcome to do so
and if you draw at any time the necessary
paper to this effect I will sign it with pleasure,
otherwise I shall positively decline entering
into any different agreement Respectfully
yours, L. Kklmb.
"Differences had arisen early in 1890
between Campbell and Krumb, Krumb
having made a demand upon Campbell
for participation in the moneys which
Campbell had received, and Campbell hay
ing refused to accede to sai i request.
Thereupon Campbell went to Henrv Lux
and represented to him that Mr. Krumb
was making some unjust and unfounded
demand upon him under the contract of
the 8th of January, 1888, and that in order
to avoid paying unjust and unfounded de
mands it would oe desirable for him
(Campbell) to have the contract upon
which Krumb based his alleged rights
rescinded and a new contract similar to it
in terms executed.
"Tnat yielding to the request of Mr.
Campbell in that matter, and believing
that the contract whicti was then pre
sented to him to be executed was the
same as the contract of January 8, 1888,
Henry Lux, for himself and the other
German heirs, consented to and did exe
cute said contract.
"That at the same time said Campbell
represented to said Henry Lux that he
bad already performed about two and a
half years of service in their behalf, and
that it was desired by him that some par
tial compensation should be made to him
for tbe services thus performed, and sue
ges'ed to him as a method of accomplish
ing that end that he consent to an order
being made by the Superior Court by
which Campbell should receive compensa
tion at the rate of $12,000 for the two and
a half years be had then served, and that
the same amount be paid in future, but
not exceeding in all the 3 per cent which
he was entitled to under this contract.
"Believing the representation of his at
torney, Mr. Campbell, to be true, and that
every dollar that should be paid under
any order of the court would be paid on
account of tbe 3 per cent contract, Mr.
Lux not only entered into tbe agreement
oi July 14, 1890, but consented to the mak
ing of the order of July 21. 1890, and that
the Judge of tbe court made that order,
fully understanding that agreement and
upon the distinct statement made to him
that whatever moneys were paid under
that order were to be credited upon the 3
per cent provided in the agreement. That
agreement was before Judge Fitzpatrick
at the time the order was made, and I will
add but for that agreement anil the state
ment made, as I have stated it, his Honor
would not have made that order. It was
done entirely by cons nt upon the facts
and statements that 1 have made.
At the close of Mr. Delm&s' offer of evi
dence to prove his statements, J. C. Camp
bell, attorney for James H. Campbell,
formally objected to any proof being taken
on the ground that a court of probate had
no power to hear any evidence in disputed
matters pending before it except in those
cases where such power was specially
given by the statute.
Before Mr. Campbell closed his remarks
the session was adjourned until 2 p. m.
in the afternoon Mr. Campbell briefly
reiterated his contention and closed. Mr.
Tread well then asked leave to be heard as
a friend of the court and as the attorney
for tbe executor, stating that his only in
terest in the present matter was 10 avert
delay in the settlement of the e late, rte
said he was satisfied tbe court had power
to revoke the order of July 21, and to
withhold the payment of the $10,500
claimed by Mr. Campbell under well
recognized legal rules, but no matter how
thb court might decide it there would
probably be an appeal and a consequent
delay.
He suggested therefore that Mr. Camp
bell, who, he said, could' not upon such
appeal hope to be sustained in the position
which he bad taken, should withdraw his
demand foi the present payment of the
$10,500; tbat the whole matter should re
main in statu quo until the final distribu
tion of the estate, at which time the court
could determine upon the justness of
Campbell's claim.
Mr. Delmas for the petitioners said that
was the whole purpose of the proceed
ing — to prevent the present payment to
Campbell of that money which the
petitioners claimed would be in excess
of the 3 per cento! tne amount to be finally
distributed to them.
After a desultory discussion of the mat
ter it was at lust agreed that an order to
that effect should be maue by Jud^e
Belcher.
The afternoon session was marked by
two important matters— one, the personal
admission by Jame- H. Campbell that he
wouid under no conditions be entitled to
receive at any time more than 3 per cent
of the amount* finally distributed to the
German tieirs, and the other, the joining
in tne petition of Lizzie M. Pott, Mar
guerite Lux and Charles Henrv Lux, the
only ones interested who had heretofore
refrained from entering the proceeding
against Campbell.
Dairymen's Convention.
The third annual convention of the Califor
nia Dairy Association will be held on the 29th
and 30 h inst. at the Chamber of Commerce,
the first session beginning at 10 A. *., fol
jollowed by one in the afternoon at 2, each
day. On the evening of the 30 h an adjourn
ment to the Mechanics' Pavilion is to be made,
mid all aiiendiug the afternoon session of the
29th will receive complimentary tickets en
titling them to l.e present at exercises and
dairy feast at Pavilion, in the annex.
The peach blossom indicates submis
sion, though how it came by this meaning
is not clear.
PRIZE BABIES
AT THE FAIR
Wee Native Sons and
Daughters Line Up for
Premiums.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBIT
Yellow - Tressed Saxons and
Dark-Haired Tots of
Latin Blood
SPECIAL PRIZE FOR TWINS.
Fifteen Winners and Several Hnn.
dred That Were Mixed-The
JuJges Escaped,
Yesterday was a Native Son and Daugh
ter day at the Mechanics' Pavilion and the
principal exhibits were indeed a home
production. There was not an alien
among them. They swarmed in the great
building, from the yellow-tressed flossies
of the Saxon breed to the dark-haired,
brown-faced tots of the rich-blooded Latin
race. All of those hundreds of juveniles
were premium babies, too, and as they
held their pretty faces up for judgment
they knew they all deserved special men
tion.
There were only fifteen prices given and
there should have been ten times that
many, and the distracted judges in the
midst of the great crowd of wee contest
ants were at their wits' ends to make a
choice. In two cases there was no trouble
in picking the winners, these being twin
boys— Gussie and Rudolph Kraus— two
sturdy young fellows 26 months old.
They were aressed in brown knickers
and their small yellow heads surmounted
with wide Mexican sombreros.. They were
so inexpressibly "cute" that the lady
judges gave them a special prize. The
other specials were twin girls— Helen and
Charlotte Crown — brown-haired and
brown-eyed, and pretty enough to be
crowns for any woman's motherhood.
There was another girl, an exquisite little
white silken -clad creature named Hazel
Jones, of 240 Third street, *iho in the jam
of babies missed the necessary inspection.
If she caught no prize, the small Third
streeter may have trie satisfaction of know
ing that she was as pretty as tne prettiest
in all that assemblage.
After each expectant mother, who had
no doubt as to whom a prize should be
awarded, had taken her stand with her
young competitor for inspection. R. P.
Doolan, Joseph Cumins and S. H. Tacy,
the committee on babies, started down the
line. Before they had got half way
through that nursery company they had
100 names picked out. Every pretty infant
and every infant who had a prett/mother
was written down as a prize-winner. This
was generous, but deplorable for a final
choice. The result was that when they
went down into Becretary'Gilmour's office
to deliberate, a host of babies followed
them and clamored for recognition. They
discussed and discussed until three more
prizes were added to the original dozen.
They knew they would be voted "mean
things by somebody, hence their distress.
The committee finally made the follow
ing awards and escaped with their lives:
Handsomest girl baby between 2 and 3 years—
Beruardine Bruse, a dainty little blonde, liv
1l a i T. 100 Golden Gate avenue, prize a bevel
edged French dressing-mirror irom W. P. Ful
ler £ Co.; second prize, Ethel Campbell. 1151K
Folsom street, order for a life-»lzed colored
photograph by Marceau.
Handsomest girl between 3 and '4 years-
Gertrude Davis, 5 Verona place, stiver toi»-t
set, by the Trophy Baking Powder Company;
second prize, baby 118, a fur set, by Marx.
Handsomest pirl between 4 aud5 years—Ger
aldine Flood. 515 Webster street, solid silver
mush set, Johnson-Locke Company; second
prize, Leonora Maria Sweeny 1119 F .. lber ,
street, Oakland, a baby bonnet, by Alma Keith.
Handsomest girl twins, Charlotte and Helen
Crown, 318 Haves street, special prize,
Evelyn Latham, if 06 Buchanan street.
Handsomest baby boy between 2 and 3
years, Freddy Oauze, 1400 Suiter Mreet. solid
s' Ivermdg.byLaumeisw Mills; second prize,
mi Coakly, 673 Gough street, order for
life-size photograph by Bushnell.
iww» v m St b oy between 3 and 4 years,
Herbert N. Terrell Jr., 908 Van Ness avenue
soiid-silver knife, fork and spoon. by Tubbs
Cordage torn pany; second prize, Joseph Fry
Monnan Jr., 1919 Broderick street, gold ring,
by Sam »onnenfeni.
Handsomest boy between 4 and 5 years, Ar
«nL,?d r ° W & , 5 15^ Ed<1 l «^et. soMd"i:ver
tankard, by the Gundlach-Bundschu Wine
■«?n ! :M! eCO i« d P .Guy Lester Kenues
rand'v h cl°' }° Carrot 1 French-mixed
■ U b c hMles G. Si.arrowe.
do'lphKra™!" tWiQ b ° rS ' Augustus and Ru
. Girl baby— 118-may have its prize
by calling at the secretary's office.
Du ™i the evening the big Pavilion was
crowded almost to a jam, and the best
part of it, from the managers' standpoint,
it was a pay crowd. One or the special
features was the attend ancr of the mem
bers of the Commercial Travelers' Associ
ation. J? at body assembled at the Hotel
bt. Mirholas and marched to the fair, at
tended by hundreds of their friends.
After the parade around tne main floor
the travelers went to the 'gallery, where
they were addressed by William S. Barnea
and S. T. Blake, the president of the asso
ciat on.
A large number of Stanford University
professors and students attended the fair
and tue band played several airs composed
by the students.
Governor Budd has been formally in
vited to attend the exposiiion and he has
accepted the invitation. Friday evening
has heen set apart as Governor's night.
Tne Executive and > is staff will leave the
Paliice Hotel at 7:30 o'clock- and upon
reaching the Pavilion the visitors will be
ruet by two companies of the National
Guard. Special arrangements will be
m. de for excursion trains from Sarra
mento^to this <'ity, tickets to hold good
from Friday to 8unday.
The management of the fair will have
prepared a banquet for the visitors, which
will be held in the assembly-room over
the office. Invitations to the banquet will
be sent to the officers ot the Merchants'
Exchange, Board of Trade, Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association and the
Chamber of Commerce.
Up to last night over 10,500 people
signed the pledge to patronize home in
dustries in preference to others, and Man
ager S. H. Tacy is greatly rejoic d. After
the fair is over he will begin the organiza
tion of home product clubs.
ELECTRICITY FOR MOTORS.
The Edison Company's Practical
Illustration at the Fair.
The use of electricity for motor purposes
offers so many advantages over steam
power that it is rapidly superseding the
latt r, especially in small manufacturing
enterprises. The display at the fair of the
Edison Light and Power Company offers
a practical illustration of the advantages
of the use of electric power for motor pur
poses.
It is possible for this company to fur
nish electric erergy for motors of any
horsepower capacity, and whether the
motor is a large or a small one the best
satisfaction over the results achieved and
advantages gained is expressed by those
who are usinu electric power for driving
machinery. It is cheaper and cleaner and
possesses in addition many other claims
for favor. Chief among the latter is the
fact that tne power 13 available at any
hour during the day or night, as the cur
rent is constantly on.
Th.e amount of electricity used is regis
tered by a meter, and by this means only
the quantity actually used is paid for.
The use of meters for measuring the
quantity of electricity used is likewise ap
plied to arc lights, and its introduction for
this purpose, combined with the improved
style of arc lamps, has effected a great
saving in the cost of this style of electric
lighting.
Under the old system lamps had to be
trimmed daily (that is supplied wiib fresh
carbons), and it was only possible to run a
lamp for a given number of hours. If a
light was not required for the full length
of time that it would run it made no differ
ence in tne cost. With the use of the im
proved arc lamp and a meter this is all
changed. The former will run lor 150
hours. When the light is to be useo. the
current is turned on and the amount of
electricity used is registered by the meter,
and when not in use the current is turned
off and there is no cost for lighting beyond
the actual time the lamp is in use.
These improvements have caused a
marked increase in the number of arc
lamps in use in this City and the demand
for them as well as the demand lor electric
motors is constantly increasing. The
Edison's Company's plant is of sufficient
capacity to keep pace with all demands
made upon them for electric energy, and
tney are ever on the alert to introduce all
new inventions and devices calculated to
reduce to a minimum the costof electricity
to their patrons.
GERMAN HOSPITAL SUED
A Patient Who Claims She Was As-
saulted by an Insane
Woman.
A suit against the German General
Benevolent Society, the owners of the
German Hospital, was yesterday filed by
J. H. Reese and Zenia Reese, bis wife.
It is complained that on June 25 Mrs.
Reese was taken to the hospital for treat
ment, and that after a surgical operation
had been performed on her she was placed
in a ward with an insane or delirous
patient, who screamed and annoyed Mrs.
Reese, and finally attacked her.* As the
result of this rencounter it is alleged that
the plaintiff was retarded in her recovery
and so damaged to the extent of $5000.
Three Silent Sisters.
"There is in Tennessee a family of
three sisters which presents some of the
most startling peculiarities imaginable,"
said a gentleman from the State in ques
tion, who is stopping at one of the New
Orleans hotels. "The three sisters, all of
whom are old maids, live together on a
farm, their sole means of subsistence, and
work early and late to earn a livelihood.
Two of them work in the field, while the
third does ail the cooking and other house
work. There is but one period of the year
when any member of the trio has any
thing to say to any other member. All
during the winter, spring and summer
they go about their business with
the seal of silence on their lips. When
fall comes and the crop is harvested they
break the silence, and then only to quar
rel like demons over a division of the Dro
ce-'ds. When each has succeeded in get
ting all that she thinks possible silence
reigns ae;in until the next harvest-time.
The sister- have made a name for them
selves. They are known far and near as
the deaf and dumb triplets, although this
title is scarcely appropriate."— New Or
leans Times-Democrat.
On the average twenty-seven barges, five
sailing vessels and seven steamers sink
every year in the Thames, and are raised
by the Conservnncy.
HEW to-dat: •
THE OWL Ej
DRUG CO., ft%
1 1 28 MARKET ST., fe,^
CUT-RATE «f
DRUGGISTS. Ht
TAKE TOPB MEDICINE! • • j
It you must take it, take the best and bar It
where you can get it the CHEAPEST.
8. a a Swift's Specific, SI sice .......... 65
>. a s. Swift's Spec fie, $1 75 sice 91*25
i Plerce's Favorite Prescription, SI size 69
Pi iiKham s Compound, $1 size 65
Palue's Celery Compound, $1 sise 60
Munyon's 250 Remedies 15
Mu:iyon'i5 c KemeliAs 30
Williams' Pink Pills, . Oc size....... 35
Pond's Kxtract. 60c size 35
Ca If ornia Syrup tigs, Sue sire 36
Castorla. 35c size :.. 25
De -~n!ictsi' Rheumatic Pills, 75c size 45
Hood's >arsnpari.la. $1 size 65
Ayer*s SarsaparlliM. 91 s-ze 65
Jo. 's Sarsm-arilla. $1 sir- 65
Mrs. Allen's F'inaie Restorer. $1 size........' l5
Mrs. Allen's Syrian Wasii, 60c size... 40
Mellln's Fool, 75c size-...;.... 65
Malted Milk, !«3 7f. size 3 00
Kestle's Milk loM. 50c size 40
Hall's Ca arrh (.are, 75c size oO
Wampole's Cod Liver oil, 91 size 79
Ozomulsion, 91 size >"5
.-roll's Kmulslon, SI size • 65
lar.ersor >yer's Pills, -5c size 15
Brecham's or Brandretn'a PU s. 25c size..... 15
Allcock's Poious P.asurs. 25c size ....'' 10
CutKura Resolvent. $1 ate.......: 70
Yale's a r 'Ionic. $1 sir- -,. x
Canadian club « hisky *•-' size.....'. 100
Stanford's Vina Brandy, 91 50 size.- 1 00
Kagiee Brandy, S2 size.. : 125
Allen's Pure Malt Whlsltr, SI 25 slie......... 85
Hermitage Whisky. 91 size..... <j»
foyer A Gall>-i Peau it' spagne, SI '■*$ size.. 85
Royer <& (Pallet Iris Blanc, *1 25 size 85
iiorar&Ual et Violet de Parme, 91 size..... -75
Itoy^r <t Gallet Vera Violet SI 50 size,.... 1 00
La"Blacb«- Face Powder,50- size. ;.■ SO
Pozzon Face i onder, 6Oo size ; £0
Cherokee Hair Grower. SI size • 75
Haines Anita Cream, 50c size.. 40
THE OWL DSUU COMPANY.
/
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOODS.
NOVELTY SILKS
FOR FALL WEAR'
■■■• ■ • ■ • • - ■■ - ■ •....-:.■---- A' -■ ..■.■•_ .'.."' ■ ■■'■ r * •:■' ■ ■". -;-■ " s - ■ . ■■■■.■.•■■■.":■■■■',■.- -?<■ ■■■■•■• ■.-.,■
This week we will exhibit an elegant
assortment of the LATEST NOVELTIES in
Silks for Fall wear. It will include ombre
effects in stripes and figures, Fancy Warp
prints in monotone effects, handsome two-
toned effects in heavy Brocaded Silks, for
street and evening dresses.
SPECIAL VALUES I
BLACK BROCADED GROS-GR'W SILKS, large variety
of new designs, 22 inches wide $1.00 a Yard
BLACK BROCADED SATIN DUCIIESSE, elegant assortment
large designs $1.2Va Yard
w Good value for $1,75.
BLACK MIRROR MOIRE, latest novelty for handsome
Dress Skirts $1.50 and $1.75 a Yard
BLACK SATIN DUCBESSE, all pare silk and fall 24 inches
wide $1.00 a Yard
Worth $1.50.
CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILKS (extra quality), 100 dif-
ferent combinations. 75c a Yard
BLACK FIGURED GROS-GRAIN SILK (small patterns),
extra heavy quality, 22 inches wide 75c a Yard
Worth $1.25.
1000 pieces COLORED SILK VELVETS, in 100 different
shades Price $1.50 and $2.00 a Yard
Worth $2.OO and $2.5O par Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
ghr.:e.a.t
REMOVAL SALE!
Furniture Bargains !
TIME speeds along. The month of Sep-
tember is here. Only a short time left to
close out the balance of our stock. Not a
dollar's worth will go into our new
building.
This will be the most attractive week of
the season. THE LAST VESTIGE OF
PROFITS WILL BE THROWN AWAY.
COME FACE TO FACE WITH OUR
BARGAINS and see the wonderful per-
suasive power of our prices. Bring this
adv. with you as a price list; it will aid
you greatly in buying.
Every article quoted below stands unpre-
cedented and unrivaled in the history of
bargain offerings.
FASHIONABLE MAHOGANY PAR-
LOR SUIT, 5 pieces, covered with 4"OA AA
Silk Brocatel -PiiV.UV <
SOLID OAK BOX-SEAT DINING- d>1 OX
CHAIR, with sty. ish «lat back # «pl.<0
BEAUTIFUL WHITE ENAMELED d»f» KA
BED, brass trimmed «pO.t>V
RICHLY CARVED SIDEBOARD, with dMA AA
a 28-16 plate tplV.VV
MAHOGANY COBBLER-SEAT ROCK-
ER, graceful design and highly «J»1 7^ I
polished «pa.li>
SOLID OAK BEDROOM SET ot 6
: pieces, 20-24 glass, elaborately (P|7 K A
carved $ll.JV
ELEGANT COMBINATION BOOK-
CASE AND WRITING DESK, with Via A
. pattern French-plate mirror «plu.»JV
DAINTY WILLOW ROCKER «p2.ad
Handsome quarter-sawed OAK LI- tf>K AA
BRARY TABLE, with 24x36 top. . . «p«I.V V
Four-room outfit COMPLETE— PAR-
LOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM, d»7fr Aft
KITCHEN.. .•.. •••■ V • vAt V
CASH OR EAST PAYMENTS AIL
OVER THE COAST.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.
224, 228,230 and 306, 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 Post Street.
Telephone Grant 13. ' Open Evenings.
ONE THOUSAND BIRDS!
.-«
German Canaries, Eastern Bobolinks and
Panama Talking Parrots
JT7ST AHRIVEDSi
A. C. ROBISON,
Dealer In Birds and Anlma's,
337 REAM ST. ASP 1017 .MARKET.
COSMOPOLIT
Opposite U. 8. Mint.'. 109 and 102 Fifth St.. San
Irancisco, Cai.— The most select fainlU hotel la '
the city. . Board and room f 1, *1 25 and *1 50 per
day, according to room. Meais 25& Booms 50a
and 7&o a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
• Look, lor the coacJU bearing the name Of the Co* ,
mopouwa Howl. w>L i'AiUSY. fropri«wt i
BAZAAR
SPECIAL
DRIVE
This Week.
M I H n u i n i Cnpsand Saucers
fflAWUfAt- MnshSrts,
TITDIJD'Q Toast Sets,
lUKiiftb Tete-a-tete Sets,
SAMPLES £g
■— AT Chocolate Sets.
II A I 17 Bodenbach V
llnLl Reinisch- A
PRICE. & I
i niuu. Hungarian s
ALL ODD PIECES.
NO TWO ALIKE.
DON'T SmaU Pieces
FAIL 1C
TO SEE From hp
OUR IUU
DISPLAY. Upward.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
, GRILL
La -S the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
■'' m*KN i -hi, ,, r
Illli^i IV I. ill \\v"INAand
' ' ' " ' ,„■„„ ,,|,| W . _ ,„ WARB
FOR ' DJUCORATINQ
B. IUCllOltCIt, UOT Wnniiomft Ht. t Uoum 1*
NHW \m -mi,'n . on L,
KBARNY '.AND 1 . WAmttNOfON HT 3 ._ R »
IV. modeled turn remivatm], KtiVu. WAKD
>-urop*aii plan. Uo«m« CUa t., * | f-u ,, r day ft
hot aud cold wat. to #.W im t imiuta: Iree Xtot.
hot and cold w»tor •very mo mi Uru grata* iIfi A WORLD OF REALISTIC ROMANCE
y\r\ Afternoon Witk tke Jostling GroWd
at tke Gihj of Bootks
Black and White fer\ pictures of
tke MarVels to Be 5eer\ at
Mechanics' Fair
A jostling mass of humanity in a city of
booths; troops of children in holiday dress
besieging prettily decorated windows,
where pretty girls are tossing out tiny
samples of tempting wares; regal pavil
ions of paper and glass; electrical displays
that recall stories of the wonders of Alad
din's palace; aisles along which vast, com
plicated machines are whizzing and whir
ring and speeding in the manufacture of
fabrics of one kind or another; milling
and mining plants running in full career;
• towers of fancy bottles rich with their con
' ten is of fine native <vines; a great orches
•' tra blowing out a wealth of harmony in
• -seeming competition with the eeneral din
. and noise around on every side; long gal
...leries hnng with the rarest works of the
; Occidental princes of brush and palette;
miniature warships and steamboats rep
resenting th« triumph of Western brain
• and muscle; grottoes wherein sparkle
the mineral waters fresh from our
mountain springs; rows of glass - sided
tanks, where fish from our rivers Irisk
about safe from the lure of hidden
dangers in juicy worms; exhibits great,
and exhibits .-mall, all of which you can
not begin to see, so as to appreciate, in a
single day — all this and more gives only a
faint idea of the Mechanics' Fair.
If you would see the exposition when
excitement there is at its height, a Saturday
afternoon, when the school children, ac
companied by elders as interested as them
selves, swoop in and take possession for
a couple of hours, is about the tirae you
should select for a visit.
By the way, let us pause to remark the
difficulty of tho task of enumerating the
• .multitude of benefits that must necessa
rily result from such an exposition. It is a
Jucid informant of the industrial progress
of the City and of the State; a liberal
education on California's advancement in
science aud art; a museum of mechanical
devices replete with useful and valuable
suggestions to the active mind. Wise and
most praiseworthy was the move of the
directors in giving up special days to the
free attendance of the scliool children of
the City. Here, where they receive so
many first impressions, the boys and girls
• manifest the liveliest concern on every
.hand; and the evidence they uncon
• sciously furnish of their enjoyment, and
the certainty that from no books of in
struction in months of time could they
•- obtain a tithe of the knowledge of the |
greatness of their own State, compared to
'-." what knowledge thereof they w. 11 absorb
at the Larkin-street institution, are in
'. themselves the strongest commendations
'• of the excellent good -sense of the manag
.-'■ ers of the big .'r.ir.
• But to return to the children. They are
"an army cf question marks. They want
.to know what the machinery is for and
w: ere the raw material that feeds it is ob
tained. The cordage booth is particularly
attractive, with its blonde hempen wigs
hiding the bald heads of its corner-posts
and with its variety of products, ranging
from the most delicate cord to the strong
est hawser. Curiosity is awakened, and
then comes the inquisition. The children
learn that California factories make these
ropes and that not a little of the hemp
that goes into these ropes is grown in
California fields.
The truth is brought home to them that
the Golden State can discount any of her
sisters in natural wealth. The cotton
weaving and rubber-manufacturing de
partments are side by side. From the
pair of them together we get, among other
things, a California rubber-lined cotton
fire hose.
Sometimes the children throw in an
opinion by way of no harm, and some
times a bit ol street-phrase is pressed into
service. Yesterday afternoon, for in
stance, a ruddy-faced, sharp-eyed youth
stood for a moment gazing at the minia
; ture of Smith's flying machine. It looks
like a torpedo with wings.
"Will you please tell me what that busi
.ness is?" he queried of the man in charge.
"A flying-machine, my boy."
" Can that thing fly ?" the lad asked, in
credulously.
"No, but a laree one made after the
same design can be made to fly, 1 believe."
"Did you ever fly in one?"
"No, but I hope to."
"Got wings, like a bird, hasn't it?"
"Yes, and also a tail, like a bird."
"And you think one of the big kind'll
go like a bird?"
"Possibly one may."
And the boy closed the brief interview
by murmuring, as he winked an eye and
turned on his heel, "I don't think."
The boys linger a great deal about the
California fresh-water-nsh exhibit, goin/
from tank to tanfc and studying the vari
ous finny species there imprisoned. The
trout hatchery, with its thousands of baby
trout frisking around, wins much of their
attention. Boys are eager, as a rule, to
know what the different kinds of fish look
like, and for that reason they spend con*
siderable time in scrutinizing the yellow
perch, the black bass, the Rainbow trout,
the Dolly Varden trout, the Eastern brook
trout, cutthroat trout and . Loch Leven
trout. They admire the green sunfish and
spend a while watching the antics of the
chubs, shiners and minnows. Boys want
to know what they are hooking when they
go out after piscatorial SDort along the
streams freshly stocked by the State Fish
Commission.
And then comes old Tom Hatch—frank
featured, good-natured— known by nearly
all the school children, and known, too,
as the man who knows more about the
native woods of California than almost
anybody else. He has as exhibit of our
native woods on the south side of the
main floor.
Nearly every afternoon he gives a lesson
to the school children — a lesson that can
not be gained from books. It may be ob
served that Madison BabcocK, the Super
intendent of Schools, warmly commends
this instruction. Children, it is said, learn
more at this booth in a few minutes than
they could tind out in any of the bulky
encyclopedias.
The fancy woods of this State were never
shown at all until they were prepared and
introduced by Mr. Hatch at the Mechan
ics' Institute ot 1884. He has a collection
of gold and silver medals won by his fancy
wood exhibits every year since then. At
the late. World's Fair in Chicago Mr.
Hatch's display beat the w< rid, and he
was awarded a cash prize of $500 by this
State. So confident was he of winning
that he offered to forfeit $500 if he could
not excel all other exhibits of the kind.
Prominent in Mr. Hatch's booth is C.
A. Hooper's fine sample of a superbly
polished redwood buri. It is 5\i feet
long, 4% wide and about two inches thick.
An Eastern clergyman took such a fancy
for this burl that he wanted tne owner to
fix a price for it. It was not for sale, how
ever. "It is one of God's own paintings,"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
exclaimed the preacher; and he went
away disappointed in not being able to
become its possessor.
Near the veneered burl is a piece of wood
that came from the heart of the famous
'•mother of the forest" (Sequoia). That
tree was 2500 years old when America was
discovered. It had reached the thousand
mark when the wonderful Star in the
East proclaimed the birth of a king
whose inspirational teachings were des
tined to revolutionize the ages. It began
to grow at about the time of the founding
of Solomon's Temple, and hundreds of
dynasties and nations rose and then
crumbled into dust the while the head of
this giantess was rising to the clouds.
But we are getting on verv slowly with
the lesson th:it Mr. Hatch declares he has
taught to 25,000 school children.
He brings out a specimen of bird-eye
maple, and it is examined on every hand.
It is the common belief that the bird
eyes on the maple are as natural to the
tree as the sap. It is astonishing to learn
that this bird-eye appearance is nothing
more or less than the work of the wood
pecker, known as the "sapsucker." Ttiis
bird punctuies the wood to get the sweet
sap; the bark grows into the little hole
thus made, and the bark is the mold of
the wood.
Mr. Hatch has a gallery of figures de
scribed naturally in wood. No art is
used except that of sawing the wood up
and down and not across, for no figure is
obtained by cutting crosswise. In this
gallery the children find pleasure in study
ing the heads and forms, some of which
stem perfect enough to have been painted
on the wood.
A section of a hollow tree is placed
before the boys and girls.
"Do you know the cause of the hollow
tree?" asks the old gentleman. "It is a
limb that rots into the tree. If the rotten
limb had been cut off in time there would
| have been no hollowness."
What a rare life-lesson this is for the
children. It applies to them both physi
cally and morally. Then Mr. Hatch
brings out sections of a good, solid tree,
showing where branches have been lopped
off and the body has remained intact.
Had the rotting limb been allowed to con
tinue on the strong tree the rottenness in
time would have eaten clear to the tree's
heart and killed it.
The damage to a big tree that can be
be done by a number of very small rotten
limbs is demonstrated in a way that everv
child can understand. A piece of tree,
used in this example, is apparently
healthy from an exterior view, except that
a number of very small limbs have rotted.
One would hardlv believe that these little
limbs could make any material difference
with the tree's growth or longevity. But
they do. The many little limbs rotting
soon spread disease through the body of
the tree. Had they been lopped off the
tree would have lived and would hnve
been solid when cut down. But the small
rotten limbs play havoc if left untouched
by the surgeon's knife, and they eventually
bring about the downfall of even the big
gest oak. The woodpecker gets into trees
through the small holes left by limbs that
have decayed.
"Every defect in the sapling is found in
enlarged form in the oak," exclaims Mr.
Hatch, peering over his spectacles and
pausing for a moment to let his words
sink deep.
No- many people know that the bark of
the Calaveras big trees does not grow
equally thick all the way around. It
doesn't, though. The bark is caught in
hollows. Late in fall and winter the bark
grows fast to the trees. When the sap
comes up in the spring it stands the
yearlv growth of bark off; but there are
places in the tree where the sap cannot
accomplish that work and where the tree is
Darkbound. In the latter case an unusual
thickness of bark results. On the big
trees, where the bark is 3J^ feet thick
on one side, it may not be more than three
inches thick on the other side.
"A limb never gets hitrher from the
ground," is a peculiar lesson that Mr.
Hatch teaches at the Mechanics' Fair.
"It is the rotting off of the limb, and the
tree growing over, that makes the long
stem." The life is in the inner bark and
the sapwood. The heartwood is dead
wood, being without any growing sub
stance. The heartwood is added to just
about as fast as th,e sapwood, and it soon
reaches the end of the limb, which carnot
get any nourishment and must fall. Go
into a forest and the under limb* will be
found dead. Those limbs that keep a
slant in the live wood live longer.
When planting a tree out of a flowerpot,
the roots should be straightened out. or
they will grow in a circle and become a
deformity. Mr. Hatch has an example
on hand to fit the advice.
The cause of a large burl is simply a
wound in the tree, where the outer bark is
knocked off by falling hmbs. The life
grows out over the wound. Whatever
figure you find in the bark will be found
in the wood of the tree. All this and a
heap mor'> is learned, and learned, too, in
a way never to be forgotten.
This is the most practical lesson the
children receive at the Pavilion.
How the free samples of home produc-
tions snffer when a conple of thousand
youngsters are turned loose at them! In
one booth a new kind of musb is served
with cream and sugar; in another tiny
biscuits, made with somebody's baking
powder, are banded out gratis. Then you
can get, without expense, some fancy
crackers here and a taste of syrup there
and a cup of coffee somewhere eli-e. In
addition to all this there is free candy
and free mineral water and free other
things too numerous to mention.
Nobody kicks at the children, but the
booth people register a whole lot of excep
tion" in adult cases.
"Would you believe," said one lady in
charge of a booth, "there are people who
come daily, and sometimes twice a day,
and make the whole round of the bootns
where iree samples of goods are given,
seemingly intent on getting a square meal
every time they visit the Pavilion."
The fair is a glorious place for the
economical young man and his girl.
It takes the place of a theater,
and .at a big saving of expense.
The couple promenade in the art gallery
(which, by the way, presents the best ef
forts seen there in years), saunter up to a
soda-water grotto v and sip from the sam
pling glasses, move over to a candy booth
and get a toothsome morsel to chew on,
and then settle down for a half hour on a
bench to listen to the music of the band.
After this programme has been gone
through with it may be repeated, just as if
the art gallery and the soda-water grotto,
the candy booth and the orchestra
benches were unanimous for a grand en
core.
Lost children are found, now and then,
at the fair. In the rush and crush the
little one suddenly awakens to the alarm
ing reality that his mother or guardian is
nowhere in sight. The mother or guar
dian explores the east side of the Pavilion
for the child, while the child takes the
west side in his own tearful hunt. An
hour or two afterward we have the scene
of a mother in hysterics and a child ex
hausted by howling and otherwise nearly
dead with terror being brought together
by a sleek-headed policeman, whereat
there is crying and bugging and kissing
and mumbled explanations, until the un
sympathetic crowd pushes the pair of
celebrants into the street.
Herr Raschen is not one of the sights of
the lair, but he has arranged many of its
.scenes. As manager of the art depart
ment he has achieved success. In former
years many artists refused to exhibit
paintings because the canvases of rivals
neld the choice positions. Nobody kicks
this year, and the art gallery is better and
more complete than before. The fact is
that Herr Raschen, who ranks amonc; our
leading painters, started the gallery of
1896 by hanging his own best work in the
poorest places. In assigning pictures he
placed the works of others to suit his
:ancy. Then, if an artist suggested that
possibly his pictures could be displayed to
better advantage elsewhere in the hall,
Herr Raschen, pointing to his own can
va es, remarked: "Yours show brighter
than mine; still, I prefer this subdued
li.'iit." The scheme worked. The art
gallery is a success. So is the fair of Ifl96.
A TALKING FROG
Remarkable Intelligence of a Sarv
Francisco Croaker
This is a wonderful tale about a real
frog. Some people think that frogs can't
think, but that is only because they never
knew Al Martin's frog and never saw it
thinK. The frog is dead now, rest his
bones; but the story of his freaks of intel
ligence and domesticity will live long
after him.
There are but few in San Francisco who
do not know Al Martin of the Golden
Rule Bazaar, but there are many who
know nothing about his passion for frogs,
his diamond ring, the curious air-sac, the
diminutive phonograph and all that.
Dnrinp; the week, when passing his pri
vate office, I discovered him busily en
gaged in patching up the anatomy of an
imported Borneo frog toy, which had suf
fered from a severe fall.
"I suppose you think it strange," he re
marked, "that I should throw away valua
ble moments in patching a cheap toy. But
when you know of my experience with
frogs you will readily understand a cer
tain tenderness of feeling I Lave for the
species.
"It is something like fourteen months
since I discovered on my doorstep one
morning an unusually large bullfrog,
which betrayed not the slightest fear at
my presence. At first I was prompted to
drive it away, but on second thought de
cided to treat it more generously. So I
called my little daughter, who took the
fro? indoors, where it received a great
deal of considerate attention.
"A diminutive skye terrier had served as
a pet and watchdog for a long time, and
before very long it was noticed that when
a stranger came up the steps and the Skye
commenced barking the frog would croak
ominously with a 'ya-kunk, ya-kunk'
sound away down in his throat, which
could easily be distinguished at the head
of the »tairs.
"One unfortunate day the Skye went to
his doom under the wheels of a milk
wagon and has never been replaced — that
is, not by a dog.
"The frog sat by the batrack in the front
hallway and whenever a stranger ap
proached his peculiar cry echoed lugubri
ously through the hall.
"Almost invariably when the frog
croaked he nopped along to the foot of
the stairs, and I noticed ere long that a
strange growth— evidently the result of
friction against the carpet — was forming
under the frog's body, causing it to tilt
forward.
"As this growth increased hi3 voice be
came noticeably louder, and it seemed
that the wen-like appendix was merely a
hollow sounding board, with most remark
able acoustic properties. In fact, before
I left for Europe the frog's yoice could be
plainly heard in the most distant part o*
the house.
'•A watch-do g could not have been more
f aithful.
"Our family physician made quite a
thorough study of the case, and stated
that, while the growth appeared to be a
wen, it was really nothing more nor lesa
than an aDnormal development of one oi
the air cells in the lung of the frog, and it
was best to allo w it to remain. If it wera
to be punctured the frog would lose in
strength, because the air, which in ita
natural process would be expelled from
the mouth, would then be diverted
through the new passage.
"A puncture was made in the air sao,
which instantly collapsed, and four or five
days later, aft er the puncture had healed,
the sac refilled.
"I had taken close observations of this
unique feature and while in Berlin con.
suited an old German professor regarding
it. On my return to Sail Francisco I
.brought a miniature phonograph and
immediately »et about fitting it into the
frog's 'auditorium.'
"Before placing it there, however, I talked
into the machine, uttering many trite say
iners besides calling the names of a number
of people, in fact, nad his frogship primed
for an evening 's entertainment.
"Then I sent out invitations to a number
of friends to come and spend the evening.
The froe actea admirably, and when l
assured my guests that he could talk they
intimated that J was stretching the long
bow.
"However, it was not long before they
were convinced.
"I placed a saucer of water on the table
and asked, 'Will you have a drink?'
'I should croak,' replied the frog. Then
he blinked comically at the guests and
lookine to the left said, 'Aleck Badlam."
'By Jovel' said Alex, 'the snake's gut
brains."
"Well, we had a great evening, and An
nesley Davis offered me this diamond ring
for the frog. At first I objected and then
decided to accept his offer. He took the
fro« away with him. It wasn't Ions.' after
that, one coid night, Annesley placed the
froc in t e farming oven, so he would
have a comfortable bed. I suppose the
warmth caused the air to expand, because
in a short time there was aloud explosion,
and they discovered the frog had passed
in bis checks.
"Annesley said he never knew before
then that a frog had brass insides. Well,
next morning the cook put a couple of
fried frog's legs on the table and Annesley
ate them; but, say, don't you think he
paid a trifle high for that delicacy?" Ana
Mr. Martin twirled the costly diamond
ring so that it glittered in the rays of the
electric-lamp.
1516
TEACHING CHILDREN HOW TO LEARN
Lvmch Baskets, Eyes arvd Braii\s—What Is ir\ JKem
ar\d What Ought Not to Be ir\ Them— 'Yovirvg
]4eads ar\d Old Stomachs
There are several stories in the Second
Readers full of words of fourteen syllables
and learned talk about phosphorus, carbon
and nonseuse, which children read with a
puzzled smile, knowing that somehow it
is funny, yet failing to see the exact place
to laugu. And it is funny— that U, it
would be were it not also sad. "When
there are so many simple words to use and
bo many simple, straightforward stories
fitted for the thought vocabulary of a
child, it is both comic and pathetic to find
in all his readers only these complicated,
utterly incomprehensible masses of words
to tell him which foods will make good
brain and muscle and which foods will do
him more harm than pood.
You may imagine that in this advanced
age niO3t parents know what is good food
for growing frames. If such a fallacy has
gained an entrance into your mind, take a
peep into a few lunch baskets and watch
the fallacy flee. Children will eat any
thing when they are hungry, and when are
children not hungry? They can eat what
they find to eat, and seemingly without a
bit of ill effect. This temporary Immu
nity is the cause of much indulgence en
the part of weakly loving parents, who ex
cuse what they know to be dangerous by
"nothing ever hurts them." ''Ever" is a
big word. Perhaps the law of cause and
effect is suspended in their favor, but from
the doctors' bonanza of dyspeptics I infer
rather it is a case of the slow but sure
grinding of the mill of the gods.
Many a woman, hollow-cheeked and
vellow-skinned, will tell you of the
stomach trouble which makes life one
long series of denials and will wail for the
lost childhood, when she could "eat any
thing." She did eat anything, and now
she cannot digest anything.
The teacher, especially the one outside
of a city, has an opportunity of seeing the
trash consumed daily by her children,
and she has the opportunity of lifting up
her voice and her example against this
slaughter of the innocents. I would not
advise her, however, to begin the crusade
with much hope. Parents have ideas —
very decided ideas. "I like rich food, and
my child shall have as good as I have."
As bad as you have, my righteous one, as
bad. You like to smoke, yet you counsel
your son to wait until he has his growth.
You would watch the diet of your puppy
or your horse to see that good growing
iood is civen, and not such as will stunt
Rny organ, but the child, the treasure you
have snatched from God's hand, must take
his chance.
Let us peep into some of the baskets and
pails which hang on the nails in the haJl
or nestle s>o temptingly near rough little
hands under the desk. This pretty basket
with a ribbon run through belongs to the
beloved child of parents rich in this
world's goods. It does look good, and
smells good, too, but think what this food
has to do; think how many tissues have
been torn down to-day in play and work;
think of the constant demands of a grow
ing body. This piece of heavy rich cake
MOUNT OMALIK, IN ALASKA, ITS TOWN AND ITS MINE.
THE MINE THAT LIES NEAREST THE NORTH POLE
ft Wilderness of Semi-Jropical Vegetation ar\d a Riot of Fish ar\d
Qame Within the Borders of the Arctic Gircle
J. C. Green of ihia City owns and oper
aies the gold and silver mine that lies
nearest to the north pole. It is situated
on Omilak Mountain, a hundred miles in
land, and northward from Norton Sound,
away up in the Alaskan wilderness.
More particularly, it is not a gold or sil
ver mine, but a lead mine, very rich in
lead, but carrying a large percentage of
both the precious metals. The inaccessi
bility of the mine has hindered its opera
tion to a very great extent, but neverthe
less Mr. Green has worked it regularly for
nearly fifteen years. He cails it his bant.
When in need of ready money he sails for
Alaska, loads his vessel with the ore, re
turns to San Francisco and is in the swim
again.
To reach the mine a course is taken to
Nor on Sound and Golovine Bay, then, if
the vessel be a steamer, up Fish River as
far as it is navigable, and thence with
pack mules to Omilak Mountain and the
deposit of almost solid lead.
The story of the discovery and locating
of the mine and subsequent operation of
it is an interesting one of adventure and
strange discoveries, entailing the loss of a
schooner and its crew.
Along about 1880 a sailing vessel in need
of something or other dropped anchor in
Golovine Bay, on the north side of Norton
Sound. A sailor going ashore discovered
the natives making lead bullets by melt
ing ore. He inquired where they got the
stuff, and they told him up among the
hills. He got permission from his captain
to go with them, and after several days
returned with ' a sackful of heavy ore
which he had dug with no difficulty off
the face of Omilak Mountain. In Ban
Francisco the- sailor met J. C. Green, who
became immediately interested in his
will give the vigorous little stomach a
severe task, and what will be the good of
it after it has been digested? And this
generous triangle of pie is only another
piece of work for the same orean. The
tbin slices of meat are good, but see the
bread to eat with them — yeast-powder bis-
cuits soaked in butter! All that little
Jennie Rich has to eat is some slices of
meat. The rest is a sticky mass to worry
and fret her stomach. I would like to put
those same slices of meat between pale
brown slices of bread ; the cake I would
throw away ; I would have the fruit that is
In the pie to eat witn more bread or alone,
and instead of those candies I would slip
in some nuts and some acid fruit, orances
or apples. The lunch would be just as
dainty, iust as appetizing, and it would be
food, not trash.
Take down that honest tin-pail, proud
of its many dents, scars of battle, and see
what Bobby Poor has to work examples
and play ball on. Isn't it a mess? Prob
ably he put it up himself from the ghastly
remains of breakfast. You need not look
disgusted; it is every bit as good for food as
the other lunch we examined. These "sody"
biscuits are not very Dretty to look at,
neither are the slices of fat bacon between.
BoDby will eat all four, each as large as a
pint cup. He made that piece of cake
himself by spreading syrup between cold
pancakes. It weighs 16 to 1. The apples
are good, but he will chew just four times
per apple.
You need not look Xurther. It will be
the same tune with variations. Those who
can afford it will have cake, pie or dough
nuts (dyspepsia fried in lard); they will
boil and sugar their fruit until all the
healthful acid is out; they will spice every
thing spiceable, spread it with mustard
and pack it round with pickles. Those
who cannot afford to make these fearful
and wonderful viands will come as near
their standard of indigestibility as possi
ble. Trie pie will be tough crusted and
filled with dried fruit instead of mince
meat; the cake will be heavy or yellow
with the ever present saleratus; the meat
will be fried and greasy, and the dough
nuts will be there.
Once I had some pupils whose parents |
were not only poor but sensible. Their
children brought the best food in school.
It was graham bread and butter,, stewed
fruit and a bottle of milk. Yet they went
off in a corner and ate alone because the
others twitted them or, more kind, offered
them bites of pie. Hearing one day the
remark that the little S's never brought
any pie or even a doughnut I boldly con
fessed that I, the ruler of our small world,
never brought either, and tliat my lunch
was as frugal as theirs. The next day five
loving little hearts besought as many
mothers to put in two pieces of pie, one
for the teacher, and three more parents
astonished my ostricn-lite digestion by
asking if I had dyspepsia.
1 do not say that all children eat this
trash, but far, far too many for this age.
Theory in diet has a hard flgnt with prac- j
story. He interested others, and very soon
an expedition was arranged, led bv the
sailor.
''We expected, of course, to find onr
mine, if we found it at all, in the midst of
icebergs and climate terrors that would
make the working of it next to impossi
ble," sad Mr. Green. "As we proceeded
north to the Aleutian Islands, the indica
tions all fitted to our expectations. There
were icebergs and icefields in our path
such as caused us to expect a blockade at
any hour. But the sailor knew better.
He told us to wait until we got above the
archipelago. To our surprise the further
north we went after getting throueh the
islands the clearer the water became, until
having reached Norton Sound the con
trast was as great almost as though we had
sailed south to Hawaii. We found green
hill3 and spreading meadows, a rank and
luxuriant vegetation, clear sky and balmy
air. Not only that, but we discovered
subsequently that these conditions con
tinued throughout the long six mouths of
summer. In this far northern region, as
you know, the sun thines almost coir
tinuously for six months. The warm
Japan current sets in toward Norton
Sound, a range of high mountains serve
as a shield against the winds of the east,
while it confines the warmer winds of the
west. Upon these conditions are built
this paradise in the very shadow, one
might say, of the north pole.
"The hottest weather I ever saw." con
tinued Mr. Green, "was here in tne valley
of the Fish River, the thermometer stand
ins above 100. This region u capable of
supporting a large population. The soil is
fertile and nature is prodigal in her prod
ucts. Game of all sorts abounds and the
rivers are alive with fish. Birds of every
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
tice. Not only are there old beads on
young shoulders, but old stomachs in
young bodies. It is not love which stuffs
a child with sweets and spices; it is either
ignorance or neglect; really a want of
love, a lack of care. Children are building
like the invalid whose tissues have been
burned out by fever. You would tee the
wrong in feeding him on mince pie instead
of food which gives much nourishment
without overtaxing the organs of diges
tion. The lunch-basket has as much to do
for a schoolboy as the books he carries on
his arm, and though he may feel that he
is denied "good things," later in life he
will thank the poverty or the firmness
which gave nim a good digestion.
There is much for nature to contend
with in school. After she has accepted
the task of conquering the lunch she sees
or feels the torturing o*f poor young eyes.
I wonder how many of you sat year after
year in cross lights or with light glaring
into your face. I never studied in a prop
erly planned schoolroom, and I never
taught in one.
You know the invariable plan of a coun
tiy schoolhouse. It is square or oblong,
has a door in front, and two, three or four
windows on each side. If the house faces
north or south, the morning sun glares in
the east windows, and the afternoon heat
beats through the west. If it faces east or
west the winter afternoons are so dark the
eye is strained. Children have headaches,
grow stupid and hate to look at books.
Parents whose children complain of head
ache might loot at the room in which the
day is passed for tn« reason, or," failing
there, have the eyes examined, for very
many headaches are but protests from
strained and abused eyes.
The October Overland will give a plan
for a schoolroom in which all the light
comes from the rear, over the shoulder of
the pupil. I question whether there will
always be enough light in th:it room, but
1 if there be, the pian is excellent. City
schools and modern buildinss need reform
as mucb as do the relics of the box age in
the country. I do not see what we can do
with the buildings we have except to ma
nipulate shades with all the skill and care
we possess to keep out a glare.
If any remedy suggests itself I would be
pleased to rind it out. for the burden was
thrust on my shoulders not a year ago.
Tiie County Superintendent came. Stu
pendous event ! He listened gravely, and
was pleased to ba pleased with some
things, but he told me my light was bad
not my spiritual light, but the windows.
There was no need ot telling me what my
tired eyes testified to nightly, but what
could I do? The windows were on the
north and south, making cross lights, and
after 2 o'clock the room was dim. It
would do no eood to unscrew the desks
and move them so the light glared in their
faces, and I was hardly capable of moving
a two-story building, so when he advised
me to manage better about light, I said
meekly, "Yes, sir," and went along just
the same.
description, from wild geese to the little
humming-bird, come here to nest. A
hunter may como in after a day's shoot
ing laden with ducks, geese, pheasants
and grouse, while swallows, reedbirds and
sandhill cranes may be seen everywhere.
Immense salmon and halibut may bo
caught in the streams with hook and line.
Grass in the meadows grows as high as
one's head and huckleberries grow so
thick that they may be scooped up by the
handful. So you see no man need starve
in that region. 1 have visited the mine
almost every year since 1883, and those
friends who have had occasion to accom
pany me have never failed to be aston
ished at what they saw there.
"It is a country full of wonders, and
therefore full of interest. It is. I think,
the newest country on the face of the
earth. What will some day be itS coal
measures are now of the quality of wood.
Its many volcanoes a.Ts another proof of
its recent birth. And I might cite airC
other—the honesty and simplicity of the
natives — the Eskimos. To a man accus
tomed to the duplicity of civilization, and
of savagery as we see it in the North
American Indian, this characteristic is
most remarkable. The Eskimo may, as
a rule, be trusted implicitly with any
treasure. I have known them to work for
a day without tasting food, although
carrying food that did not belong to them.
However, faithful and honest as they are,
they are slow and indifferent in their
methods, with no ambition, and do not
make the best material for our purpose in
operating our mine.
"I am contemplating a plan for import
ing a lot of Icelanders, as I understand
the climate there is growing more and
more severe, aud they would Uuujc the
Eyeglasses may look intellectual, but
they are no nign of intellect. They are
the sign of a lack of intellect somewhere —
in building and paving, to begin with.
Speaking of food for the body leads
uaturally to food for the mind. I heard a
man pay once that the motto of the pres
ent school system is "Something new,'
and that if they saw nothing to progress
in, teachers went back a way and tnen ad
vanced again. One who would in any way
criticize our evolved schools can be safe
oniy under a mantle of insignificance.
Wrapping mine close about me I would
meetl3 r offer a few opinions.
Long ago, as I sat learning by heart a
list of kings, an old gentleman asked me
what I was doing. "Studying history," I
told him. "History is a thing to be read,"
he declared.
"Oh, but we hava to remember it," I ex
plained. "Well," said he, "don't you
learn in school to remember what you
read?" I set him aside as an old fogy,
but now I see the point, and it is a serious
question in my mind whether too much
time is not spent in giving smatterincs of
ali sorts of things, instead of training the
mind to grasp whatever may come. Things
are presented to the pupil in such an easy
way. The intellectual food is boiled into
gruel and held by the teacher. All the
pupil need do is to open his mouth and
swallow. What arc his teeth for?
Children do not study. Tell a child to
"dig it out for himself" and you sound
your knell as a successful teacher. Y'ou
must explain and present the matter in
such a form that it may be grasped with
out effort. The day is past when a bo\
would struggle two hours a day for five
days with one problem and come tired and
happy with the solution the sixth day.
The teacher must explain. Since 1 have
had to explain so exhaustively I have been
taken back to the duys when these same
things became clear to me, and I hear
again the sweet voice telling me "try a little
longer, child; it will make you stronger
to get it yourself. What is easily learned
is easily forgotten." It may have been
some unlikeiy problem about A and B,
yet it taught me a lesson of logical
thought and perseverance worth all the
fabulous sums invested by A and B. And
if the pleasant-voiced teacher had neyer
taught me one thing else, the lesson 01
self- power I learned was an education.
The teacher does too much. With the
State text-books she has to do it ail. Very
few grown people can translate them into
intelligible English. The result may be
wonderful teachers, but such a weak, de
pendent lot of pupils, with the teeth of
their minds all fallen out from disuse.
I saw in a San Francisco school a class
of boys 9 years old play for an hour at
piling up cards to develop the fact that
three aud three more are six. They knew
it three years ago. but it must be devel
oped. I saw the multiplication table de
veloped with piles of pebbles up to ten
times ten. It looked absolutely idiotic.
City children may be feeble-minded, but
Johnny Rural would howl with derision.
Once he has proven with pebbles that
three twos are six, his whole table is de
veloped and he is ready to learn it.
The most a human teacher can do is to
teach a child how to Jearn. If she tries to
learn for him she is taking his strength
and his right from him. Like a stone
that once started is hard to stop, our re
formed and evolved education is flying as
far beyond the mark as it once was be
hind. Olive Heydes.
region of Omilak, evo:i in winter, was a
garden spot. With them there is no rea
son why the far northern mine could not
be worked in winter as well as summer.
There is very little snow there, and as for
cold it is not to be compared to Montana
or Dakota. I have never known a man
who spent any time there who was not
eager to return; in fact, I an pestered
continually by applications from my men
who have been up there and who fear that
I may go back or send an expedition with
out them. There is that fascination that
all new countries have.
"Dark and dismal in winter? Not at all.
To be sure, there is very little sunshine,
but the* light skit of snow that covers the
ground and the beautiful and wonderful
northern Jights that illuminate tha
heavens make it quite cheerful. Iu sum
mer the sun scarcely sets, and one has to
keep a very close watch on the time not to
allow one day to merge into the next
without being aware that it has dojie so.
The sun seems to simply dip behind the
hill, and, without being missed, rises again
at the other end of the range on the hor
izon.
"No; we have not operated the mine
for two or three years. The times have
scarcely warranted it. It is an expensive
process to pack the ore out as we have to
do it, and a railroad has become a neces
sity. A railroad is entirely feasible be
tween the mine and the ship. It would
not be the first railroad within the Arctic
circle. There is one in very successful
operation between the Golf of Bothnia and
Loffoden.
"Indeed," concluded Mr. Green, "I ex
pect to live to see the completion of the
railroad to Asia by way of Alaska and
toe Bering Strait*."
THE SECRETS OF STEEP RAVINE
Some J4idder\ Beauties of ar\ Almost Inaccessible
Gar\\jor\ or\ the Western Slope of Tamalpais,
Where Big Qame Is Plentiful
Deer preserves are common enough in
England and many of them belonging to
the estates of the old nobility are famous
the world over for their great natural
beauty. No doubt they deserve all the
praise they get, for the grand stretches of
country, covered with magnificent oaks
and dotted here and there with crystal
lakes, certainly are as pleasing sights as
ever man laid eyes on.
In America deer preserves are scarce,
but those that do exist are usually found
in the most picturesque parts of the coun
try. In comparison with these the Eng
lish preserves are as a city park compared
to a mountain canyon. In fact, the Eng
lish deer preserves are called parks and
they are stretches cf land kept in tue de
sired condition at great expense. Amer
ican preserves exist in a state of nature
and parts of some of them are not trav
ersed by man from year's end to year's
end.
One of the largest deer preserves in
California is that belonging to the Tanial
pais Sportsman's Club. It covers several
hundred thousand acres in Marin County,
stretching over the hills and mountains
along the seashore from Bausalito to
Tomales Bay. Most of this land consists
of hills covered with coarse grass and a
scant growth of scrub oak, but some of the
canyons on the western slope of Tamalpais
are the grandest in the State. It is here
that the deer hide.
The greater number of these canyons
are eay of access to eood walkers," but
there is one known as Steep Ravine that,
although it is not difficult to reach either
end of it, is almost impossible to any but
hardy climbers. Dozens of men have
gone a few hundred yards into one end or
the other and then given up the task. But
those able to make the trip will be well
repaid, for every step of it is full of in
tereat and natural baautjr. Hunters sei-
dora go through it, as the roughnessl of
the way makes it almost impossible to get
any game. As a consequence the game is
there in plenty.
This spot is as wild as any in California,
and certainly the wildest within several
hundred miles of San Francisco.
Steep Ravine runs almost due west
from the top of Tamalpais in a general di
rection, but it twists and turns among the
hills so that in its course it heads for all
points of the compass. The eastern or
upuer end of it is near Brown's Camp and
the western end is on the beach, about
three miles from Bolinas. To exploreit. it
is best to go to the lower end and work up.
This can be reached by walking over the
hills or taking the stage road from Sausa
lito.
The entrance to Steep Ravine is little
different from that of any other canyon.
Trees of all kinds grow close to the edge
Of a limpid stream that tumbles over
rocks or spreads out in mirror-like pools
between mossy banks. The canyon at
this point is quite wide, but a few hun
dred feet up it narrows and the whole
character ol it changes.
An almost death-like silence hangs over
this cool green way beneath the giant red
woods. The faint trickle of a waterfall
comes from the distance. Underfoot the
ground is covered with a carpet of moss,
and the deposit of years of the redwood
leaves that have fallen to the ground and
remained undecayed, although constantly
kept in a moist condition.
While the hills arbund the canyon are
dry and parched, within there is a con
tinual dampness caused by the fog from
the Pacific condensing on the tops of the
trees and falling to the bottom out of
reach of the sun's rays. Even in the hot
test part of midsummer the ground is as
moist as though there had just been a
rainstorm.
One of the fir3t of the many interesting
sights to be seen in the canyoa is a forest
of ferns. These trees, if such they can bo
called, very much resembles the Austra
lian variety, although they are really an
other speciss. They are common enough
in many parts of the State, but can sel
dom be found growing to such size as in
Steep Ravine. The trunks of some of
these attain a height of three or four feet
and the leaves spread out so thai a man
can walk under them.
Each step of the way up the canyon dis
closes some new and interestine object.
Dozens of waterfalls tumble over bowlders
and fill the air with music. In many
places rocks the size of a small house ob
struct the way, and the trees grow so
thickly overhead as to obscure the sun
and leave the forest in a beautiful, soft
semi-darkness. One really seems to be
out of the world. There is not a sight nor
a sound to suggest civilization.
It takes about two hours to travel up
the canyon, and at the end of the journey
one is likely to fee! pretty exhausted.
But the mind will be filled with visions of
beautiful things passed. Silent pools wiih
trout playing hide and seek in the depths;
trees and rocks covered thickly with moss'
hillside and cliffs rendered almost invisi
ble with a growth of ferns.
One of the most beautiful sights in the
canyon is a waterfall that tumbles into a
crystal pool at the end of a cave. The
water seems to fall from the roof of the
cave, but how it gets there is not readily
discovered. Of course, it is the stream
that falls down the canyon, but the way
it gets between the rocks is a little pe
culiar.
Steep Ravine is euch a wild place that
it is possible, if one will sit still about
fifteen minutes, to see deer and other
animals come down to drink. The deer
are as timed as in any other cart of the
world and seem to know whether a person
intends to injure them or not. A man
with a rifle might sit in the same spot for
hours and never see one, while an un
armed person might see several.
Bear tracks can be found in Steep
Ravine almost any day. Within the last
month a young bear was seen by a party
of sightseers. It looked out cautiously
and the visitors got out quickly.
The fauna and flora of Steep Ravine
have never been thoroughly investigated,
although several parties from the univer
sities and Academy of Sciences have
visited the place at different times. J3ut
study here is slow work, even though the
scientists camp all night near the mouth.
of the canyon ?o as to get a fresh start in
the morning. Traveling is tedious, and
there is so much to be investigated that
before the day is hardly begun it is ended.
A few reptiles of the same species as those
found in the near-by canyons have en
tirely different markings. The same is
observable in birds, many of them
possessing peculiar markings and being
much smaller in size than those found in
other places.Tke Qreatest
of the Modem
Dutck painters
THE HAGUE, Holland, 8ept. L— In
passing through the great galleries of Hol
land one is struck not only by their i
wealth but by the great number of men
who have contributed to it and by the
shortness of the period in which they
lived and labored. The great names-
Rubens, Rembrandt, Franz Hals— are
stars of the first magnitude; but even
without them, what country could mar- i
shal a more dignified array?
They seem to have been born all over I
Holland, toward the end ol the sixteenth
and the beginning of the seventeenth cen
turv- Alter that glorious period there is
a gradual diminution of force and at last
complete extinction and darkness. The
classic period in France brings to life a
pale, imitative classic period in Holland.
It is onl^ in the present century and in
the latter half of it that there has been
a kind of Dutch Renaissance, that has
brought forth any number of strong and
virile masters of the brush. The origin of
this latter-day activity is not difficult to
find in the wonderiul group of French
painters who settled at Barbizun, in the
forest of Fontainebleau, and started a
modern revolution in art. I speak, of
course, of those men known as "the school
of 1830," Jean-Francois Millet, Daubigny,
Corot, Rousseau and Diaz. The pioneer j
in Holland, the Dutch Millet, is Josef
Israels, and, unlike Millet, he has sur
vived a terrible period of humiliation and
defeat, and has reaped a long harvest of
prosperity and success.
He has a studio in The Hague, that most
picturesque, haughty and aristocratic lit
tle town, and another in Scheveningen, by
the sea, where he may make studies of
the hardy fisherwomen, renowned for j
their rough beauty and their size and
Btrength, irom his own windows. On the
edge of the canal called the Koniginne
gracht is the town studio. A small street,
with irregular red roois against the light
and cloudy sky, leads to it and empha
sizes the dignity and reserve of this row
of tall residences, the polished windows
of which reflect the great trees that line
the canal, and the water that is polished,
too, like the windows, and is as clean and
unsullied.
Israeis does not surround himself with
an impregnable wall of mystery and im
portance ; he lives quietly in his big house,
full of pictures, hung with rich tapestry,
but is ever ready to receive with cordiality
the art-students or art-lovers wno break
in upon his hardly earned peace.
The first thought, it must be confessed,
upon meeting Mr. Israels is one of aston
ishe-.l inquiry: "How can such a little
man paint sued big pictures!"
Will tke JW
J~kjnr\arv Race
JiaVe Firxgers?
of the age, that Hy
patia's suggested question might not lack a certain element of pertinence, but I said nothing, and she con
tinued, "The human hand is developing.
"Compare it with the paw cf the cat, deft and capable as that is, or with the hand ,pf the most ad
vanced anthropoid type, and see what a marvelous thing it is." Hypatia paused, triumphant. I realize
the justice of all she said, and yet compared with the human hand of even a hundred years ago the
human hand of to-day shows a marked inferiority in digital capability.
Some time ago I asked a carpanter for the loan of a Knife. He paused in his work long enough to
tell me that he had no knife with him. An older craftsman produced one, remarking, as he dia so,
"Twenty years ago a carpenter without a knife would have been almost as useful as a hammer without
a handle."
"How can he do without one now?" I asked. "Why," was the reply, "the little finishings and cut
tings that we used to do with the knife are done at the mill nowadays, and brought to the building all
readv for use. Houses are not built now as they were when I was young. We use fewer tools of every
sort, and the men I work with now don't know bow to use the knife as I was taught in my apprentice days."
What is true of carpentering is true of nearly every branch of labor. The delicate handicraft by which
a cunning workman attained his best achievements is falling into disuse. Machinery does, with accuracy,
finish and precision and with wonderful rapidity the work over w ich the old-school toiler bent, hour ater
hour, with skillful, sensitive fingers, fashioning, slowly, the article now turned out, complete, machine
made, in a moment.
I noticed a group of coolies on a local train the other day. They were talking, eagerly, in high-pitched
monosyllables, gesticulating all the while with deft, slender, long-fingered hands, stained with the marks of
toil, but manifestly sensitive and capable. Opposite me sat an equal number of mechanics— Americans, I
thinfc, white men at all events; young, respectable, hardworking, with square hands ending in stiff, blunt
fingers, broad at the ends, strong and quite inflexible. One could fancy them directing the labor of great
machines, lifting great weights or striking mighty blows, but never engaged in anything requiring delicacy
of manipulation. Useful hands but not efficient hands— a distinction with a very subtle difference.
It is not a fantastic question, this one regarding the future of human fingers. The Human hand is
unique in nature. The degree of adaptation of whicn it is capable, the marvelous mechanism which makes
possible so simple yet wonderful a movement as the turning of the wrist, the interaction of tnumb and
fingers, the wonderful nerve supply to the finger-tipi, all go to make up a mechanical aggregate of almost
endless possibilities. Among so-called civilized peoples, however, the use of machinery and the gradual
crowding out of handicraft is producing a marked degeneration in manual efficiency. The difference noted
a'bove between the hand of the Chinese laborer and that of the American workingman lies in just this fact.
Two generations using labor-saving machinery have produced a new type of laborer's hand. Formerly the
balance was maintained by the frequent demand for the service of -the fingers in manipulation, as well as in
grasping the handles of tools. Now this is the chief duly they perform, and as many of the more delicate
tools are already superseded by still more delicate machines, most, even of handwork, bring the Sneers verv
•lightly into service. It is likely that the immediate descendants of the deft-figered Orientals in this^ country
will have less skillful ringers than the present generation possess, whatever their hands may gain of strength
and resistance.
Give the average workingman some compressible, pliable material to mold and coax into shape say to
make a ball from — and he will proceed to knead it in his palms, scorning the assistance of his fingers. I
watciifd a man Dinting in a pane of glass recently, and was amazed to see him, before rubbing down the
putty with his knife, smooth and press it against glass and sash with the thick of his thumb. One wonders
what such a workman lancies his fingers to be for; but I have noticed this tendency to use the thick of the
thumb rather than the tips of thumb or fingers as a marked characteristic in a very large class of workers.
Indeed, even among workers of a higbHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHJ
degree of intelligence we frequently s«el
the fleshy part of the thumb or even theHJ
thick outer edge of the hand used in cer-H
tain smoothing manipulations that couldH
be far better performed by the tips of tbeH
fingers. The possession of the thumb andH
fingers is what gives man physical superi-H
ority over the brute creation, and it is tbeH
power to use the fingers skillfully and in-H
telligently that distinguishes the crafts-H
man from the laborer.
With the general use of machinery andH
trie decline of handicraft is disappearingH
more rapidly than we couid wish that nneH
type of American workineman that was sol
frequently met in the earlier years of thisH
.eptury — keen, thoughtful, upright, squar-H
.«£ his opinions as be squared his joistsH
in woodworking, making them fit tbeH
truth; working into his life and characterH
something of the harmony and shapeliness, I
the adjustment of part to part, of form toH
US e, that his skillful fingers wrought in tbeH
materials with which he worked, match- ■
j n .r his beUefs as he matched bis ed es I
truing them by eye and square and skill-H
f ul touch, brain and band working logetherH
to produce accurate and deiicatt re-H
BU By'and by, when labor-saving machin-H
ery shall have more nearly superseded theH
human worker; when our meals shall beH
cookeJ, our mnctiines operated, our booksB
written, our pictures painted and ourB
pianos played by machimTy-a condition^
of things not so impossible or so far off asH
one migbt suppose— our needless fingersH
may disappear as completely as our toes are ■
disappearing. If, as physiologists tell us.JJ
members and organs of the body depener-BJ
at* and dnapp«ar Dy reason of disuse, weBJ
To sit in Mr. Israels' impressive draw
ing-room, with masterpieces of old and
modern Dutch art staring down from the
walls in the unbroken quiet of a well
regulated Dutch household, is have a new
sensation of respect and miration. To
have a very little old man, in very shabby
clothes, with a very tall and battered silk
hat, come running into the room, shake |
you by the hand, point you to a chair, j
throw himself into a corner of the lounge,
double up bis small person like a jack- \
knife and peer at you from behind enor
mous spectacles with a pair of very bright,
keen — that is also a part of the expe
rience when the well-regulated Dutch
household happens to be that belonging to
Mr. Israels. Mr. Israels has a very high
voice, bis gestures are quick and expres
sive. If it is your object to ask questions,
your intentions are apt to be frnstrated by
the very superior rapidity by which, to be
very colloquial, Mr. Israels "gets there
first."
His questions in regard to California,
which he naively places south of Ken
tucky, might be appropriate to a district
in the very heart of "DarkeBt Africa."
lie is cordiality and amiability itself,
however, to the wandering aborigines of
that distant land, and runs ahead of them
to show his studio, with an animation
that is almost like that of a pleased school
boy. Between the house and the studio
is a long, an almost interminable gallery,
like that which divides the Uffizi from the
Pitti Palace in Florence. The walls are
lined with sketches, glimpses of which
tease us as we hurry along after our active
host, who finally scampers up a flight of
steps and stands in his own lofty studio,
which remains, in spite of its magnifi
cence, a workshop, aud full of suggestive
signs of untiring and faithful labor.
Josef Israels was born in January, 1827,
in Groningen, in North Holland. His
parents were orthodox Jews, the father
had a small business, but encouraged the
son in a youthful ambition to become a
rabbi. So his schooltime was spent in the
study of Hebrew ana his greatest enjoy
ment was to pore over the Talmud. The
poverty of his father was too great, how
ever, and Josef was taken into business,
and relates how, even then, he used to
stop at the great banking-house of Mesdag
& Sons to talk to young Mesdag who was
studying art. This friendship has lasted
to the present day, and the two great
artists a:e never more pleased than when
discussing the merits of the other; the
best Israels in Holland is in the private
collection of his brother artist, H. W.
Mesdag.
At last Israels rebelled against his life
SOME ROMANTIC NOOKS ON THE SAN MARINO RANCH IN SAN GABRIEL VALLEY
To a lover of legendary and mythical hlxtory much of California Is enchanted ground. The Spaniards, those im- Benjamin Davis Wilson about half a century ago. Coining to California in 1841, hg became one oi the most active men
aginative people, who cannot tell the simplest tale without embellishing it with love and romance, have left their oi that ear. y period, greatly advancing the interests of Southern California, and was at one time State Senator. He
impress everywhere. Sun Gabriel Valley is particularly rich in historic interest. Here was located one of the oldest married Dona Rainona Yorba, daughter of one of tho old Spanish grandees, and their daughter, Dona Maria Jesus, is the
and by far the richest of the old missions. wife of Hon. J. de Barth Shorb, the present owner. San Marino is composed of parts ol two Indian and two Spanish
In time the property was divided into what were called Spanish and Indian grants. These have gradually given grants and contains 500 acres. Already rich in historic interest it has been made doubly so as the scene of much of
way to the inroads of civilization until but a few remain intact. One of the richest and most picturesque of these Helen Hunt Jackson's inspiration for her book "Ramona." Here she heard tor the iirat time the uameoi her heroine, on
old uncnoi la San Marino, situate within two and » hall mile* of PMadena. Xiii» *lace became the property ol being introduced to Mr. Bhorb'i lovely daughter. Kamona.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
and surroundings and with the consent of
his parents went to Amsterdam where he
lived in that picturesque place known as
"The Ghetto," where you can shake hands
across the street from opDosite windows.
He went every day to the studio of the
fashionable painter of that time, Jan
Kruseman, and painted, in duty bound,
the pale classic pictures it wu^H
necessary, according to his mas-M
ter, to exhibit. All the whiiu hisH
color-loving eyes wandered to I
the crowded streets of the Ghet-H
to, swarming with life; the on-H
ental beauty of the women, thel
coarse type of the Jewish tish-H
wives, the stores full of bric-a-M
brae, the markets full of orangesB
and apples and the contrasts °^H
vivid lights and aavk shadows.H
He exhibited his classicH
shades and met witli encourage-H
ment. Then came a trip to Pari-.M
Here he still did more ciassicH
art in the Atelier Picot andH
later in the Ileaux- Arts underH
the great master Paul Dela-M
roche. Millet had just left tbel
studio, an accident that costH
Israels a delay of years in find-H
ing his own kingdom in whichH
ne was to rule. In this penodB
he painted Biblical subject-B
and historical scenes, as hel
had been taught lay Ary Schaf-H
"Really," Hypatia
said, when Ipro
pounded the querv_
'Will the coming
man have finpers?'
"your questions are
growing positively
fantastic. You will
be asking next if the
coming man will
have a head !"
It seemed to me, in
view of certain trends
may at last come to possess only such rudimentary remains of a finger as will be suffi
cient to press an electric button to turn on the current that does our living for us.
There is, however, another possibility in the foreground. It is unquestionably true
that, as a people, we have lost something — probably a good deal — of the manual skill
we once possessed. It is also unquestionably tru«, however, that we may recover our
loss. There are indications already of a general movement toward a revival of handi
crafts among us. There is something more than passing importance in the revival of
handmade books, for instance. The revolt against machine-made fabrics of various
sorts is more than a fad. Consciously or unconsciously on the part of its leaders, it is
a movement along the line of self-pres,ervation, the right of rebellion of a constructive
creature against the curtailment of his activities. One of its healthiest indications is
the popularity of the mistakenly to-called "fad" for manual training in our public
schools. It has a moral and ethical as well as physical and industrial significance.
and through it we may yet hope for the reclamation and reinstatement of the human
hand. .Penelope Powelson.
fer. "William the Silent and Margaret of grave of his wife. This picture now hangs
Parma,'- "Hamlet and His Mother." in the national gailery at Amsterdam,
and "Aaron finding the Uodies of His Slowly prosperity began to show itself to
Two Son>, etc. the artist, who, undaunted by an avalanche
His first success, after many years of of adverse criticism, went on painting the
toil, WW a Picture of a weather-beaten idyls and trapedies of the sea and shore,
sailor who, with a child in his arms and Tne "Shipwreck" created an enthu
another at his side, is going to visit the rasm fur his work in London. It was ex-
hibited there in 1862. It was a
I somewhat theatrical arrange-
I ruent, painted wit > a hitherto
I undreamed-of franknesa and
I power. The storm is over, the
I clouds are being blown in tat-
I ters and shreds of niisi from a
I calm sky, the sea is almost
I quiet, but the wreck shows the
I spot of the late catastrophe.
On the shore the horror-
I stricken people have gathered,
I men and women and children,
I not daring to look at the body
I that has been washed ashore
I for fear of finding a brother, a
I father or a husband.
English art-lovers fought for
I the picture and crossed the
I Channel to see the artist and to
I order more. In the m*gnih-
I cent collection of Mr. Forbes of
I Garden Corner, Chelsea, there
I are at least forty Israels.
From this time Israels has
Hnever swerved from his own
■ideal. Van Dyck Bbowh.
BaircTs Life of
L. L Myers, the
Qreat Rur\r\er
The year 1882 did not see Myers do any
thine of consequence until May 20, when
he varied his programme by entering a
hurdle race of one sixth of a mile, that be
ing the size of the Staten Island Athletic
Club's old track, or just tne circumference
of the Olympic track. There were ten
hurdles, each 2 feet 6 inches high, and the
course was 293% yards. To my knowl
edge it was the only time that Myers ever
ran a hurdle race in open competition.
S. A. Safford, one of my clubmates and
subsequently champion hurdler, was the
only real competitor with the champion
runner.
At the report of the pistol they left the
mark with dispatch, rounded the first
curve and cleared a hurdle without much
momentum being obtained. On reaching
the long backstretch, however, the terrific
speed of the sprinter began to manifest
itself, and he flew over the gates with tre
mendous bounds that caused the spec
tators to gaze in wonder. Had the hurdles
been higher Safrord might have had some
chance against his world-renowned an
tagonist, but though 'he was one of the
best men in the country at that time he
fell hopelessly ia the rear. The position
in which I stood enabled me to get a tine
view of the champion's magnificent leaps
as he came down the homestretch like a
bird on the wing; and it was found after
ward by measurement that liid strides
over thpse two-foot six-inch hurdles
measured seventeen feet — a respectable
running broad jump. The time was 37%
seconds, and stands on the record books
to-day unbeaten.
On Decoration day, 1882, Myers ran in
the 120-yaid handicap given by the Scot
tish-American Athletic Club, New York,
in 12 seconds. This, and the time made
by Henderson on September 9, 1891, con
stitute jointly the best amateur records
in America.
On June 3 Myers ran 100 yards in 10 1-5,
and an hour or so afterward stepped out
on the track for an exhibition 400-yard
run. Just why this distance was chosen I
do not know, except that one curve was
thus omitted, for be it remembered that
the course was only 220 yards in circuit,
or eight laps to the mile. The straights
were each fifty yards long and the curves
sixty yards to the semicircle. The record
breaker stood at the head of the bacK
stretch, with Waldron five yards ahead of
him: and let me remind the reader that
the latter could run 100 yards in 10}^ sec
onds.
At the report of the pistol Myers left his
mark and began traveling after Waldron
with long strides like a deer. He swung
around the first curve like some stone
/\ ToWr\ Full
of j"Kimar\ Glocks
JKat J r&vcl
- . -
There is a town in
California in which
it is possible to set
clocks with accuracy 1
simply by observing
the movements of
certain persons.
There is no element
of joke in this asser
tion, for it is abso
lutely true. It is
worthy of notice be
cause men and wo
men go wandering
up and down the
earth in search of peoples whose habits and manners may amuse them, while right at home is something
odder than shall be found even in Borneo.
But this is not all. in that same town it is daily known to scores of persons who have not, on that day,
or on many preceding days, seen the subjects of their discussion, not only what town many persons must be
in at aDy given minute, but also whether they are sitting near each other or are far apart, and precisely their
location to a foot, and this without the exercise of clairvoyance, mind-reading, hypnotism, psychology or
occult influence. The fact is so well established that large sums of money could be safely wazered that way.
Nay, further, when absent citizens are journeying on the water, this wonderful stay-at-home people can,
intuitively and with accuracy tell whether their friends are on the after or forward deck; whether they are
sitting or standing; and the ken of their projected vision enables them to take in other persons, from other
communities, whom they have never seen, and not only locate them with sufficient accuracy to make an un
impeachable diagram, but to puzzle detective ability by accurately relating the substances of conversations
then in progress, which they have no means of hearing.
A chain of circumstantial evidence has forged itself day by day until it has acquired such acceptation as
a creed receives, and while it would not be accepted in court it is more reliable, for a fond mother living in
this town can truly soothe her baby with :
"Husb-a-by! Papa's only seven minutes and forty-five seconds from the station, and he is coming home
in the seat with ; and and are sitting behind him and is in front of him, and they are all
showing how much they do not know about the silver question; and (with a Ions breath) he will come in at
the front gate, and papa will be here soon."
Or, more wonderful than this forecasting of events, which are always exactly on time, is the habit of
setting clocks by merely looking out of the window when a locomotive bell rings and observing the number
of persons on the street. For in this strange town the exits and the entrances and the density of population
at certain places at certain times command pendulums and bid spring clocks and watciies to change their
gaits, and to observe mechanically the outward human phenomena by which they really are regulated.
Should a certain citizen speed along a well-traveled thoroughfare clocks are put one minute or one
minute and thirty seconds ahead, according to the effort which he is visibly making; and if he saunters, the
Housewife, looking at the clock, says, "I'll have to set that clock back." Ail day long the ladies look from
their houses and can tell the time to a nicety without ever seeing a dock or watch, for back and forth surgo
crowds of individuals whose identity and business are so well known that their passing is horological. They
are better than the clepsydia, the sand glass, the sun dial and the Wattirbury watch, all combined, and they
probably know it, for, while the watch breaks down, they go on forever.
This is something that the careful and observing tourist would not observe, except after long residence,
some study and an aptness for fitting together of cause and effect. But the droway babes of this singular
community know by the intensity of "the blab of the pave," as Whitman call it, whether the time for
slumber, for lunch, for being played with and being called "cootch-cootchy" is arriving or departing:. The
number of feet walking by the house is a sure indicator and story-teller for them. Babes fail into the ways
of this town, which might be safely styled the real "Land of Steady Habits," for it jogs along with the de
lightful and automatic certainty of a perfect machine.
At 8:20 A. H. daily a hundred young men and women walk orderly along a certain street, pass through a
gateway which is margined by trees and other vegetation, and disappear.
At 9:50 fifty more young men and women, and always the same ones, travel the same road and are lost
to sight in the same green vista. At 4:57 150 young men and women march orderly in the reverse direction,
and any clock that has got out of order since morning, or is suspected of running either too fast or too slow,
can be set or regulated, as the need may be. Why these young men and young women pass at certain inter-
attached to a string and swung around a
powerful man's head. This brought him
into the first homestretch, and to ray as
tonishment he ducked his head and ran
down Waldron, passing a timer stationed
at 130 yards in 13J^ seconds. Let the reader
who understands the significance of time
I reflect unon that. Another curve and
j thirty yards more and Myers had reached
i 250 yards in 26 seconds, with his clubtnate
i falling to the rear at every stride. Thus
I 120 yards had been covered in 12V.C seconds
I to this point, as one can figure for himself.
| From that mark the runner was entirely
alone and pushed himself along by sheer
will power, as I can testify, for I stood on
the homestretch and observed even the
expression on his face as he made for the
tape. Although very tired he was by no
means an exhausted man.
The time was 43% seconds, and still re
mains the best ever accomplished on a
circular track, it having been Beaten by
Downs in a trial on a straightaway, but
only five-eighths of a second, eight years
after. The time for 250 yards remained,
the best on record for six years, and then
Shemll beat it only one-tiftn of a second.
Let it be noted that the last 150
yards, alone and around a curve,
was run in 17% seconds. It would
take a pretty fair runner to do that in one
burst of speed under such circumstances.
I consider the whole performance as the
most meritorious for anything uround a
quarter of a mile ever accomplished by
the champion.
On July 1 of that year (1882) Myers ran
in the 600-yard scratch race at the Ameri
can Athletic Club games on tne Polo
grounds. At 440 3 r ards, the champion
being far in the lead, ne was jomed
by Harry Fredericks, the miie chain
! pion, who coached him to the fin
ish. The result astonished even hia
friends, for he had coverei the lull dis
tance in 1:11 2-5. This time has never been
surpassed by the amateurs or professionals
of the world, though two have equaled it,
exactly, strange to say, in England and
America.
Four days after, on the Fourth of July
Myers ran in a half-mile handicap. It be
gan to rain before the race, but as it waa
a soft, gentle shower, and the atmosphere
was invigorating, he decided to start. The
track wtis eight laps to the mile, the same
as the Manhattan track, but in line condi
tion. At 660 yards Myers took the lead,
but on account of the rain eased up and
made no attempt at time, and when in
formed that he had run in 1:56 he was a
most astonished man. I never saw a man
run in such magnificent form.
George D. Haibd.
vaJs can easily be explained, for they are
all students. But why certain men and
certain women always select the .same
car to ride in on their way to and
from San Francisco; why, going fur
ther in this matter of habit, they
always occupy the same seats, might
be an interesting question. Still further
than this, they are always found in their
respective places on the ferry-boats, at
certain hours, and in certain groups or
small communities, and where they will
be is fixed with the certainty that attends
the placing of the pieces on a chessboard
at the beginning of a game. It in respect
fully suggested that, in the elements of
certainty of the movements, associations,
etc, of its people, there is no other com
munity on earth like this. If anyone has
failed to locate the town one word will
place it, and 'that one word is Berke
ley.
Only during the period of the A. R. U.
strike have the human clocks of Berkeley
been known to run down. Then the
domestic economy of all Berkeley was dis
arranged. The crowds which, pendulum
like, swing back and forth at regular in
tervals ceased to viorate. The phenom
enal variations in the old-time clepsydia,
the irregularities of the sandglass or the
inaccuracy of the snn dial never caused so
much trouble as the suspension of Berke
ley's human time-markers. But, so won
derful is the force of habit, that, when the
local trains resumed their running, after
the strike, every man and woman who
had been madly chasing alter electric
cars and charging in a crowd on the creek
route ferries at once dropped back into
their ti xed places in trains and iloats and
were again themselves.
1718
OCETY AND THE SOCIAL WORLD
The Eight Pretty Debutantes Who Are
Waiting for the First Cotillon — Changes at Presidio
and the Christening of the Youngest Mr. Barnes
THEKE ar* eight pret ty debutante* anxi
ously awaiting the first cotillon, on
which occasion they are to be formally
presented to ihe critical world of so-
ciety.
The fin de siecle bud may hardly be said to
step from the dim schoolroom to the glaringly
brilliant ballroom. The dancing classes have
given her & foretaste of the joys and triumph*
of belledom, and she has protlted by the experi
ence.
The buds oi "96 are all beauties and fascinat
ingly bright girls. They all are eagerly await
ing the eventful night. l>ecemt>er 4, on which
occasion one of their number, Miss Kate Salis
bury, a bewitching brunette, will assist Mr.
Greenway to lead.
There will probably be a number of lunch
eons, a mu.sicale or so and not a few afternoon
teas at which the debutantes will be presented
In an entirely informal manner before the
cotillon. But the teal and luncheons don't
count for much with the debutante. It Is her
first big ball ihat makes her heart go pit-a-pat.
The cotillon opening is rather late thi« year-
December 4— ami ty that time the bud« will
be prepared to meet the most critical of the
men and the most envious oi those who have
bi?en— many yours ago — bnu».
Those who will mate the ir initial bow at the
first cotillon are Miss Kate Thornton Salisbury,
Miss Helen Hopkins, Miss Carroll Crockett,
Miss Helen Wagner, Miss Bernice Landers,
Miss Fanny Baldwin, Miss Jessie Hobart, Miss
Delia Davidson and Miss Alice off man.
The departure oi the Fiflb Artillery for New
York is going to dcpi ive society of many hos
pitable hosts and popular leaders. Thegallant
Fifth is to be divided between Fort Hamilton,
. adswortb an-i Slocum or Davis Island.
At 1 or i Hamilton titneral Graham will be in
command an'1 Junior Major Kinzie, Captain
Hills. Captain Roberts, t SptaiB Craft aud Cap
tain Thorp go with him.
At Fo- 1 VVadswortb Colonel Faintclalr will
be in eomaand, and with him go Major John
A. Darling, <«p:ai:i McClellan, Captain Mor
ris and <':i(itti : .i: Vogdes,
At Slocura Islr.ncl Major Tally McCrae will
command with Cumulus Danes and I.omeo.
iiie most attractive oi tuese tnree posts is
Fort Wcdswortli, on .-later IsUvnd. The quar
ters here are exceptionally beautiiuL There
are a number of eleg&nt eld homo.-", built by
Kew York millionaires, which the Govern
ment has purchased at the cost of several hun
dred thousand dollars. One exceptionally
beautiful home that the cuumander of the
post will probably occupy way boll! by Joseph
Alexandre, who married twice in the cele
brated Jerome family. Both Mrs. Alexanurf-s
entertained extensively and the home is ad
mirably adapted to large affairs. s
Mrs. Saintclair, who will of course accom
pany her husband to Fort Wadaworth, is a
beautiful woman and most delightful hottest.
Ehe is related to Dr. liiddleton of the army
and Mrs. Howisou, wife of Captain Howison of
the navy.
It is not probable that Mrs. Graham and the
Misses Graham will accompany the General to
Kew York. Their plans arc at present to pass
the winter in Berkeley.
The Tevis family is receiving condolences
on the deatn of little Harry Sharon, only son
of Mr. and Mrs. Fred Sharon (nee Tevis).
Master >haron died in Pans of diphtheria after
an illness of only two days' duration.
Mr*. C'.ark Crocker is having the Hyde cot
tage on I'ucitic avenue entirely refitted and
mill shortly occupy it. Her ciegaut home on
butter street is for sale.
Tile little son of Mr. and Mrs. William Barnes
was christened on Sunday last at St. Luke's
Church. He was named Sanford Barnes, aiter
the first child of General and Mrs. Barnes, who
died shortly before the birth of William
Barnes, the eminent papa of the present little
Sanford.
Mr. Grinnell, Miss Jennie Catherwood's
fiance, accompanied by his brother, William
Milon Grinnell, is expected here on Saturday
next. October 3. On Fridav evening Dr. Grin
nell gave a farewell stag dinner to twelve of
his most intimate Kew York friends. The
party went over to Dr. Grinnell's lovely coun
try home at Milford, Conn., and are to be his
guests until Monday morning.
A concert will be given at the Burlingame
Club on Sunday afternoon, September 27,
commencing at 1 o'clock. Mr. Greenway will
take a party of young people down with him
to Burlingame. In his party will be the
Missel Hager, James drain and James i)
Phelan.
Mrs. Elliott McAllister will give a tea to
morrow coinpliineutnry to Mrs. Timlow (for
merly Evelyn ("arolan;, who :s preparing to
return to her Eastern home.
Mrs. R. B. Sanchez ha-> isMiPfi invitations for
the wedding of her cousin. .Mis* Marv Howard
Mercado, and George Chai.ncy lioardman, sou
of Mr. and Mrs. George C. Boardman, which
will take place a4 St. Luke's Church at noon on
Tuesday, October t>.
The wedding oi Miss Amy Requaand Captain
O. F. Liiiisr, I'. B, A., will u»ke p,ui-e at noon on
Wednesday, October 7, in St. Paul's Church,
Oakland. There will be a reception afterward
at the home of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. IsaacL. Rcqua, in Piedmont. Amon* the
notable guests present at the wedding will by
General Mile?.
The wedding of Miss Sadie Hecht and Wil
liam L. Gerstle will taue place at noon on
Monday, October 5. »t tee residence of the
bride's parents, Colonel and Mr.-. M. II. Hecht
210O Washington street. M r. Gerstie is the son
of Mr. and Mrs. Lewis Gerstle of this City.
There will be no attendant* upon the bridal
partv and the ceremony will be witnessed by
relatives only. There will be a breakfast and
a small informal reception after the ceremony,
for wnich onlya limited numberof invitations
will be issued. The newly married couple will
leave in the afternoon to pass the winter in
the Eastern States.
The Monday Evening Dancing Class will give
its first partv of the season on Monday evening
November 30. This dancing class is not a
club. These early dances are given by a cer
tain number of ladies at their own residences
to their own iriends. The list of patronesses
has been diminished this season by the with
drawal of several who are in mourning, but
no new names hnve been added.
Miss Jennie Blair gave a theater party last
Monday evening in honor of Mrs. Hermann
Oelrichs and Miss Virginia Fair, which was
followed by a supper. Among the others pres
ent were: MissSpreckels, Alias Koyes of Waab
ington, I). C, K. M. Greenway, Walter Leonard
Dean, Milton 8. Latham, Tarn McGrew, J. a.
Hart, "George Aimer Xewhall and E. H. Shel
don.
Mr." and Mrs. George H. Lent gave a theater
party at the Columbia Theater last Monday
evening in honor of the Mi* nee Lamb of Kew
York. A supper was enjoyed afterward. The
others in the party wertj Miss Jennie Hooker,
A. H. Small and Eugene Lent.
Misses Helen, Edna and Georgie Hopkins
gave a sailing party last Saturday to Benicia,
where luncheon was served, and returned late
in tho afternoon. Their gncsts were; Mrs.
J. B. Crockett, Mi*i Tnerese Morgan, Mr. How
ard, Mr. Macondray and John O'.SuHivan.
CORONADa
CORONADO, Sept. 20.— Mrs. Arnold E. Bab
cock gave a delightful house party at her
ranch koint, n*ar Juliau, last week. A tally
ho conveyed the party to and from the rail
way terminus. On Saturday evening all par
ticipated in a dance at the dedication of the
new town hall at Julian. The gaests w»re
Miss Nettie Pauly, San Diego; Mlsn Isabel In
gle, Evansville, Ina.; Miss flealy, Miss Helen
Healy and Mi-s Mary Babcock, Coronado;
Messrs. Newkirk, Rex Greene and Tom Baker
Ban Diego; Dr. Barlow, La Mesa Springs, and
Alec Page, Coronado. Miss Clara ingle chap
eroned the party.
Walter S. Martin in here from San Francisco
F. 8. Eldredge, National Bank Examiner is
down from Sain Francisco.
Mrs. Elizabeth Hoileubeck, the Los Angeles
philanthropist end owner of the Hollenbeck
Hotel property, is staying at the Hotel del
Coronado. accompanied by Mis* Mary Wilson
and Mrs. Laura Hollenbeck of Verdugo.
Messrs. Gordon Surr of San Diego and Yin
cent Surr of Coronado, accompanied by their
■later, Mrs. Krause of Austria, and Mrs. Vincent
Burr, are enjoying a driving trip through the
Cuyamacas. Witch Creek, Julian, Warners
Banch and Smith Mountain will be visited be
fore their return.
Frank D. Miller of the Glen wood Tavern,
Riverside, accompanied by Mrs. Miller and
daughter, has been visiting at the hotel.
W. Russell Ward of England is staying at
Coronado.
The Rev. Edward U«any of Los Aagelei offl-
ciated at Chest's Church, Coronado, on Sun
day last.
Mr. and Mrs. Scott J. Anthony are Denver
guests here. Mr. Anthony is a famous pallor
and fisherman, and enjoys many trips on the
briny deep.
A party of prominent Santa Fe officials spent
Sunaay at the hotel. Among the members
were W. G. Nevin, general i'urchi.-ing agent,
and C. M. Hlgginsou. assistant to the president
of the road, Chicago; Chief Engineer James
Dun, A. <;. Daumllng and John 1 layer, super
intendent lMttcniucry, Toppka, and General
; Manager K. II. Wade and Chief Engineer Fred
: S. Herris of tne Southern California Railway.
Mr. an.i Mrs. B. l'aiicoas! of Boston, Mrs. J.
i Btacey Jlradiord and Mr?. M. A. Crawford of
| Now York are sojourning here.
T. J. Fisher of the Hotel del Coronado
pharmacy and a parly of friends are off for a
hunting and camping trip, which will include
a taste of desert life.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Judge W. H. Clarke of Los Angeles i.s at
Bartlett for a short vbit.
Nate K. Salisbury, the well-known -fruit man
| of Sacramento and Chicago, accompanied by
I Mrs. Salsbury, are at Bartlett for a several
| weeks' stay.
Judge W. M. Haynes of San Francisco is at
the Springs for a Jew weeks' rest.
W. W. Ward and Ben Oockrill are over from
i Marysville.
Mrs. W. T. Ellis, wife of the well-known
; capitalist of Murysville, is at Bartlett for a
month's stay.
Captain John C. Cluney of Honolulu is up
for a few weeks.
C R. Hansen has just returned to San Fran
cisco, after a two weeks' visit.
Among recent arrivals may be seen: Dan
, McDougall, Mrs. G. J. Becker, Mrs. M. E. Kel
! logg, B. Gallagher, Mrs. 11. •water, J. S.
; Homer, Jacob Rosenberg ami wife. Mrs. A. II
, Boomer, Mrs. S. 1). Brlstow, \V. I.. Williams.
L. UugKentteimer. Thomas Carroll, Miss E. M.
Carroll. Miss B. B. Carroll, Mike Folev, Miss
Emma Turner, A. Ha licit, W. B. snaw, James
; J. Glide*, I). N. Moran, J. M. Moran of Han
Francisco; G. N'.Toivle and wife, Towle; Julian
i Arnold, Martin Kestler, Miss Kestler, T. Lavin
ton, George H. Lavinson. George E. Jones. Sac
ramento; William Long, Oakland; Bud Stuart,
! Colosa; Miss Armstrong, Ontario, Canada;
J ('. A. Brockington, John O'Donnell, Grass Val
j ley; Mrs. Mary Compton, Mr.«. H. M. Compton,
( Miss Compton, Chico; Mrs. Charles Anderson.
Mrs. McAieer, Oakland.
PASO ROBLES.
<\>',o!iel aud Mrs. Hill, of Chicago, and" Mrs.
Captain Williams ot Xew York, assisted by
Thomas Finn, gave an entertainment to the
guests of Hotel Paso Robles on Saturday even
ing, in the new mud bath pavilion. It was a
great success and well attended.
L. C. voa Yunken, lira. Xealln, Miss Xealin
of San Francisco, Miss M. McKee and M. Mc
i-iU of Oakland, M. X. Kimball and J. C. Jor
dan of Sacramento are still at I'aso Robles.
Mis George Forsytbe was very much benefited
by her visit to Paso Robles.
Mrs. Dr. Hit of Chicago has returned to her
home verv much benefited by he r visit to Paso
Robles. She had been suffering irom nervous
prostration.
Judge and Mrs. Chase of New York will le
main a lew weeks longer at Paso Robles.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS.
Recent arrivals at the Gilroy Hot Springs
include Miss B. Brig's, Mr. iireen, F. Bonneil,
A. D. Logan, X. C. Briggs, Dr. Bonneil, Miss
Bounell, Mr. Sherman, Mr. Townsend, Mr.
i Burns, Mr. Shore, Hollister, Cal. ; Mi-s Kea, Gil
i rov: Missl'.oyd.MarysvlUe; T. A. Atchison, San
; Fnauci&co; L. cantey, Peialuma; M;>s Dwyer,
Monterey; S. Arota, A. Periaiou*. T.Morton,
1 Mr. Quiiin, San Francisco; Miss Shafer. Miss
I Kys'i. P. Ryan, R. M. Ryan, Gilroy: Miss Price,
* Sun Juan; Miss Johnson. Tres Pinos; Miss
r Wentworth, Hollister; A. M. Skelly, Sun Fran-
I 1 Cisco; H. Hebb, Isleton; If. HecKer, wife and
' child, Gilroy; E. B. Gomez. L. F. Joseph, Cen
tervillc; Theo Niebaur, J. Lawson. J.'Horton.
1 J. Madden. San Francisco; W. H. Smith, Geoige
E. Rea, wife end child, Gilroy; C. A. Smith,
i Baa J<»c.
VICHY SPRINGS.
Among last week's arrivals at Vichy Springs
were: X. Martin, Miss M. Mnrtin, Miss Grace
Tuttle, D. F. Riordan. A. J. Dehay. Mr. an<l
Mrs. X. Van Bergen, Milton Heynemann, John
Whist a GorWersatiorv With Gards.
A thorough understanding or system of play
bLtv.ee a partners at a whist table is where the
real enjoyment and the spirit of the game
conies in; it is the foundation and the basis of
nil advancement or improvement in the game.
The law permits every one to play their cards
as they please, and encourages them so to do,
but the same law expects you to speak, by the
card only. Between partners, there is a sort of
a telegraph at their disposal, # and it is their
privilege to work it for all it is worth and take
every possible advantage of it, but the dots
and dashes, signals and echoes should be open
and above board, apparent to every one,
and the key to this system of telegraphy should
always be on the table, within the reach of
every one who wishes to acquire this knowledge
and make use of it to the best of hit ability.
This written and unwritten whist law con
demns everything approaching "private con
ventions or clandestine under-the-table
doings." It also provides against negligence,
forgctfulnesa or carelessness, for we all know
that on slightest symptoms of distraction the
same law never fails to awaken our attention
and strengthen the memory. To those that are
careless and negligent it is chaos, and it
reminds us that at no great distance there is
an abyss into which our negligence may
plunge us headlong.
You have no doubt heard the saying many
and many a time that whist is a language and
every card played an intelligible sentence. I
don't wonder that such a question as this
might be asted:
"Do cards talk?"
How often have we heard the reman:, ".Speak
by the card." If yon can speak by the card
then cards must talk. Our answer to that is,
yes; cards do talk, and their language U as well
understood l>y tlio<=e who take the trouble to
study and get a little knowledge of it as any
other that is spoken. We will practically dem
onstrate this by giving a sample of what one
card alone will say when it is laid on a table
in a game of whist by a whist pltycr, refer
ring our readers to Trist, Drayson, Cavendish,
Hamilton and others for our authority.
I am the original leader of the deal— mark
well, the original leader (there is only one each
deal)— and the card I Helect to lead is the ten of
a plain suit. It says to my partner, and the
whole table as well, The suit from which 1 lead
the ten is the best one 1 hold. 1 have the king,
jack and one or more small cards below the
ten. If the ten wins the trick, wnat further
does it say, or what information does it give?
I don't suppose there is one player in twenty
who read this article that can offhand answer
the question correctly. Try it; then compare
notes.
It says the queen is marked in my partner's
hand; the ace may be there, if not It is in
second hand. To explain how it says this:
When ten wins fourth player cannot hold
either ace or queen or he would not have
allowed the ten to win. It ace and queen were
both in second hand surely the Im wonld have
been covered, king and jack being marked with
leader; so second hand Cannot hold both. If
second hand held the queen without ace and
passed the trick, third hand must hold ace,
a'nd should play it (finessing the ten would not
be playing whist); consequently ace is not iu
the third hand, without the queen is there
also. The only one of the two second hand
can hola is the ace; and queen must be with
third player.
To many queries on third -hand play on
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
! Curtis. San Francisco; W. P. Bradley, M. L.
tiilisoii, Mendoclno; J. C. Ruddock, S. T.
Kmiger, \V. J. Bryan, Talnmge.
TWO WEDDINGS.
Four People Who Were Made
Happy Last Week.
Miss Martha A. Benn, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. John BL Benn, and Peter Calderwood were
married on Sunday evening, September "20, at
the Church of the Advent. A reception at 631
Greenwich street followed tne church cere
mony.
The wedding of William Clarke and Miss
I Olive Libbey, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. J. G.
Libbey. was celebrated at St. Dominic's Church
Saturday, September 19. Ed Brown officiated
as best man and Miss Lillian Libbt-v was inftid
of honor.
ipHIEF JUSTICE and
i^- 1 Mrs. Field Entertain at
The Palace-
Many Other Interesting Events
Last Monday evening Chief Justice and Mrs.
Stephen J. Field of the Palace Hotel invited
a select number of friends to meet Frank Lin
coln, the humorist, who during the evening
entertained the company with several of his
drawing-room monologues. Mrs. Rouneevelle
Wildman favored those present with some de
lightful recitations. The guests were : Mr. and
Mrs. E. Burke Holiaday, Mr. and Mrs. Rouuse
velle Wildman, Mrs. J. D. Whitney, Judge
Curry, Horace Platt, Judge Harrison, Mrs. II.
Coit and James E. Tucker.
The yachting season drawing near to its
close, the Marine Yacht Club determined to
give Ita friends a final outing and sail last
Sunday. That its efforts were appreciated was
evidenced by the lar?e number in attendance.
Excellent musical and vocal talent hid been
provided aud the result was a thoroughly good
time.
An amusine incident that occurred early in
the day contributed not a little to the merri
ment <if tne party. While passing an excur
sion steamer Gunner Seyden in a spirit oi inn
discharged the small saluting cannon in the
bow oi the yacht. The answering toot ot the
Bteamer/i whistle, with the accompaniment of
waving handkerchiefs, pWsed tije ladies ol
the party immensely — so much so, in tact, that
a peremptory demand was made by them for
a salute whenever ft passing crait came within
hailing distance. On passing the light station
on Red Rock and the customary demand for a
salute being forthcoming, it was explained to
them that in yachting parlance it might be
equivalent to ordering Rod Rock to turn about
and come back on the Volunteer's starboard
quarter. The absurdity oi the request dawned
upon the ladies mid there was a cessation of
tiring thereafter.
A i)lfMsaut collation was served on the
beach near El Canipo, and, that important
function coucluded, toasts and reminiscences
were indulged in until tneh.xir for re-embark
ing, sail was then made for the Golden Gate,
the yachtsmen and their guests arriving in
time to wituesi the successful crossing of the
utiaiis by a well-Known swimmer.
Arriving in mi< City the party broke up
with many expressions of regret that several
months would e lapse ere the l.u-asant experi
ences of the past seasin might 'be repeated.
The Marine Yacht Club is in a prosperous
condition, with an unusually bright "future
before it. Its p resent Fmall fleet will be aug
mented by several new vessels next season,
several yacht-owners having signified their
intention of living its colors. Many of its
members being natatorially inclined, the club
has secured suitable accommodations for them
at Sutro's baths.
The club will conclude the yachting season
withaball.to be given at Union-square Mall
on the evening oi October U.">. Among those
present at the cruise were: Mr. aud Mrs. Wil
liam Retchless Mr. and Mr>. 1>. D. Lowney,
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Morse, Mr. and Mrs. H. C.
( opening lead of the ten will say: If third
I player held ace, queen alone they should play
j ace and return queen. If third player holds
j ace, queen and one small card they should
j play small on first round, ace on second, mark
j ing queen alone. With ace, queen and two
small third player should play third best on
j ten led, queen on second round— ace and one
i small marked in third band.
| From the Qreat Blind Whist-Player.
The whist deal that we present to our read
j ers this week was sent to us by Henry K. Dll
lard. the blind whist-player. Whist, in speaking
of Mr. lard, says : He may never have de
livered a great oration nor led an army to vic
tory, nor written an epic, nor created a great
character in fiction, but he has, without eyes,
become a master of the most intellectual game
in the world. Whist also tells the following,
an illustration of his remarkable memory:
"One evening at the Chicago Whist Club at the
end of the evening's play a discussion arose
relative to the first deal, when, to the astonish,
ment of all present, be placed the entire fifty
two cards in their order of play from begin
ning to end," and to think he cannot distin
guish between the brightest sunlight and the
darkest nixbt. Mr. Dillard says the beautiful
game of whist has illumined the darkness,
and to him it is not only an amusement and
pastime, but a scientific study. -
DEAL. 3.
From the blind whist-player,. Henry Kuhl
DUlard of Philadelphia:
♦-K, 10, 7, 2
O — None
+-Q. K, 6 10. S, 3, 2
O-A. K, 10.5,3,2
N I
♦— Q, A, 3 i 4-9,6.5
■t* —^-t ». o, o, ., «fr— A, J
O-Q g ! 0-9, 0, 4
•—A, J, 8
tf-A. 10, G, 3
+-10. 4. 3
O-J. 8, 7
2 spades trumps. East to lead.
(The winning card is underscored.)
*
t TRICKS. SOOTH. WEST. NORTH. EAST.
1 1 AQ' , 4O ~~7+7"~QcT~
2 j JO. QO _ KQ 40
3.... A»: 3* ~2«r- 5*
* • ! **♦ 52 K» : 6*
5 8*. 4» iq» 9*
<> ' 70 2* aq 60
7 80 6+ I0O go
8 3+ 70 50 60
9 30 2O ~30 80-
10 6O *>o 20 QO
11 ItK? 8* ~Y» J4.
12 »- 4+ 9+ Q+ A +
13— 10+ - *♦ 6»- "T?O"
North and South 11, East and West 2.
COMMENTS ON THE PLAY BY MR. DILLARD.
"1 have now the pleasure of sending you as
desired a deal at whist as recently played in a
tournament in this city. As originally played
North discarded the seven of clubs and North
and South make eleven tricks. If he had dis
carded the live of diamonds North and South
would only make ten tricks. I think this
shows the importance of the discard."
Editor's commouU-We publish the original
The Engagement of the Week.
MISS ALICE McCREA and LIEUTENANT JOYCE.
Moyce, Mr. and Mrs. A. Brooks, Mr. and Mrs.
J. M. Holmes, Mr. ana Mrs. R. Munk, Mrs.
Carson, Miss Emma Ilerber, Miss Herber, Miss
M. Waldo, Miss Curley, Miss 8. Carson, Miss M.
Heck, Miss T. McCrosson, Miss. M. McNerney,
Miss Annie O'Connor, Miss Casey, Miss Annie
Casey. Miss Sndye Moyce, Miss Cora Munk,
Miss Munk, Messrs. Car-tain K. E. McCrosson,
F. F. Phillips, G. A. Koch, J. Seyden, Arthur
Seyden, Oscar Olsen, S. Gray, C. G. Larson,
Frank Martin, James Hughes, Ed MoCarthy
and Mr. Morris. '
A most delightful evening at home was
given la Herbert J. Wiseman at his parents'
residence, 1021 Vermont street, on Saturday
last. The evening was passed with music,
singing and games until 11 o'clock, when the
guests were escorted downstairs to supper,
when they enjoyed a bounteous repast.
Among the invited were Mr. and Mrs.
Thomas Wiseman, Mr. and Mrs. William E.
Wiseman, Mr. and Mrs. A. Mooburg, MissAllce
Jackson, Mr. and Mrs. J. Uaughten. Miss
Emily Haughten. Mm Nellie McCarthy. Miss
Jennie McCarthy, Mrs. M. Hewitt, Joseph Me-
Devitt, Miss M. Hewitt, Miss Mollie McCarthy
Mr. ana Mrs. H. O'Brien. Mr. and Mrs. F. Mer
rill, Miss Maggie McCormick, Archie Merrill,
Miss Mary Conway, John Unite, J. Conway,
Miss Podesta, J. Wedel, Miss Kose Soule. Wil
liam Meadows, Miss Ruth Meadows, Mr. and
Mrs. William Muhlner. F. Muhluer, Miss Etta
Meadows, Miss Annie Porter, Mr. and Mrs. P.
Flick, II. Wissar, Mrs. J. clay, Thomas Mc-
Carthy, Eugene McCarthy. Miss Mamie Conn
Ben Reach. Miss Minnie Reach, F. Magar,Miss
F. Dunn, Mr. Gerwan, J. McCarthy, Mi&a Mag
gie Leary, • Miss Mary Leary, Mr. and Mrs.
shay, E. O'Brien, A. E. Wiseman, C. H. Wise
man.
Miss Eleanor Strvcker delightfully enter
taiued a few of her friends at her residence on
San Leandro avenue, San Leandro, on last
Saturday evening, 13th inst. Many musi
cal numbers were rendered and new and fasci
nating games played, after which the guests
indulged in a delicious repast, which was
spread under a bower of flowers. Among those
present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Fritz Dirking. Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Kelly, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Slrycker,
Misses May Gordon, Sailie Larking, May Doyle,
Bessie Baxley, Frida Baumberger, Carmelita
Tyrrell, Marina Strycker, Kate Doyle, Bertha
Banmberger. Alice Dirking, Nellie Scnmidt.
Anita and Eleanor Strycker; C. It. Altergcr,
William Htnchman, Edward F. Dirking C
Mills. T. Baxiey, Fred Tillotson, Thomas Smith,
Fritz Dirking, Carl Michaels, Tom Larkins,
Alexander Lavin, J. Williams and C. Floyd.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Hooper celebrated their
tin wedding on Friday evening at their home,
1S21 Lyon. street. In the handsomely dec
orated home the many guests spent the hours
of the evening in singing, dancing and general
merry-making. At in id nig lit an elaborate sup
per was served, after which festivities were
resumed and continued until the wee small
hours. Among those present were: E. Wain
wright, Dr. I'iymire, P. J. Muller, Mr. Ma-
play of the deal only. At trick 1 North dis
cards seven of clubs without hesitation.- Some
players having a double guard to the queen
would hesitate; he selects the seven in dis
carding to echo if his partner leads tramps or
to complete a "call" if the drop warrants it.
It is a deal well worth preserving and from a
gentleman that is totally blind, which adds
lots of interest to it.
AnsWers to Queries.
A correspondent from Fetaloma asks if the
statement made in the Chronicle Saturday
last is correct, which reaas:
"According to the rule* governing Rideout
trophy contests the San Francisco Club now
his the privilege of first challenge."
The answer to that question is No. The
writer of it evidently misinterprets the rales.
■'Kule 9. The dab holding the trophy at the
beginning of an annual convention shall have
the right to challenge the winner and to play
the first challenge match."
Suppose there were four or more challenges
in, would the defeated club hare the right to
play without waiting its turn? Certainly not.
Whistlets. •
The Oakland Whist Club has challenged for
the Hideout trophy and set date for play Satur
day, October 3.
: Twelve players from the . San Francisco
Whist Club went to Vallejo yesterday for a
social visit with the Vallejo Whist Club and to
have a quiet game of whist as well. They re
turn this evening.
The latest thing out is ."Whist Openings
With the New Sequence Leads," by Winthrop,
Reed & Kendall, Chicago. • ', '
T. E. Otis, Whist editor of the Newark Even
ing News, says:
Warren A. Ilawley will have charge of the
whist department of the Philadelphia Ledger
this season. The scoring-slip system used by
the players at the American Whist Congress in
June- last, ana which was generally recog
nized as the best method of scoring for whist
players, is his invention. He is a member of
the Philadelphia Whist Club.
... AMERICAN WHIST LEAGUE.
Important NOTICK TO AM. Whist CLUBS and
Whist PtATMtS. '
.Revision or the Laws of Whist.
At the sixth congress of the American Whist
League, recently held at Manhattan Beach, Brook
lyn, the president of the league, Mr. Walter H.
Barney, in pursuance of a resolution passed by the
congress, appointed a standing committee on laws
to suggest such revisions of the code (for both
straight and duplicate whist) as their judgment
may dictate. This Is a matter of very great Im
portance to every whist player in this country and
to every club belonging to the American Whist
League. The committee therefore Invites every
whist club and every whist player who has any
suggestion or recommendation to offer. on the sub
ject, kindly to forward the same without hesita
tion, at earliest' convenience, to the chairman or
any other member of this committee.
The report of this committee will be published in
W hist at least two months before the seventh con
gress meets, so that every whist player In the
league can consider the proposed changes and be
ready to act thereon when the seventh congress
convenes. Respectfully submitted,
P. J.Tormey, chairman. 220 Sutter street, San
Francisco, CaL ; Robert H. Weems, 220 Lincoln
Chamber of Commerce building, Milwaukee, Wl» •
place. Brooklyn, N. Y.: Casslus M. Paine, 28
Irving T. Martz, Chicago Whist Club, Chicago*
Gust»vus Remak Jr., 120 South Sixth street, Phil
adelphia, Pa., Standing Committee on Laws.
honey, Max Berges, P. E. Allen, Mr. McCurry,
E. L. McNoble, A. Hanify, A. Potter. Phil
Hirleman, Mr. and Mrs. J. Freed, Mr. and Mrs.
A. H. Cornwall, Mr. and Mrs. C. B. Holbrook,
Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Spader, Dr. and Mrs. George
K. Bushnell, Mr. and Mrs. H. Howe, Mr. and
Mrs. F. Reeves, Mr. and Mrs. E. F. Krless, Mrs.
Classen, Miss Dick Berges, Miss Florence Garls-
Mer. Miss Alice Chassagne, Miss Josia Mosier,
Miss Uattie Hinricks, Miss Mollie Mahoney,
Miss Leona Peters of Los Angeles, MJss Maud
Hirleman. Misses Annie and Josie Hanify, Miss
Rose Wilson ol Santa Anna, Miss Boyan, Miss
I'rait, Misses Annie, Mamie end Katie Haves,
Miss Dora Phuil, X. A. Pearson.
IN THE FUTURE.
Social Organizations Announce
Entertainments.
The Friday Night Cotillon Club will give a
social and banquet at Mission Opera-hall next
Friday evening, October 2. The club has
grown considerably and is making extra
preparations for the coming event. The
cotillon will be led by one of the leading
members, under direction of Professor G. R.
Puckett, and will begin at 9 p.m. sharp.
The coming Ilinrichs-Beel concerts on Fri
day afternoons at the Baldwin promise 10 be
society events as well as musical. Among the
subscribers are; John Parrott, AV. Mayo New
hall, Mrs. Phoebe Hearst, Miss May Hoffman,
Mrs. Leon Sloss. Mrs. I. N. Steinhart, Mrs.
Horace Davis, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. L. Gerstle,
Mrs. Dr. Kosenstim, Louis Lisser and many
others.
Beck's Dancing Club will hold a fancy dress
and domino party at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary
street, Thursday evening, September 24.
Miss Anna Daly will be tendered a farewell
testimonial on Thursday evening, October 13,
at Native Sons"Hall. Miss Daly leaves shortly
for New York, where she goes to join Mi>s
Rose Coghlan. Miss Daly has a large circle of
friends among the smart set, who are sparing
no efforts to niaUe the benefit a success.
Columbia Lodge No. 127, 1. O. B. B., will
hold a "Slmches-tora" festival and ball
Wednesday evening, September 30, at B'nai
B'rtth Hall, 121 Edily street.
tiuena Vista Parlor" No. t>8, N. D. G. W., have
arranged for an entertainment, including liv
ing pictures, at Native Sons' Hall, Weanesday
evening, October". The entertainment, which
ia tq conclude with dancing, is lor the benefit
of the sick fund of the panor.
Defiance Circle No. "38, C. O. F.. will give
their next quarterly social Monday evening,
Septeml^r 23. at Social Hall, Alcazar buildine.
Invitations have been Issued by the Sons
and Daughters of the Old Friends for a grand
social at California Hall, Wednesday evening,
September 30.;
SAILED_AWAY.
Among those sailing on the steamship
Australia on Tuesday for Honolulu were: Miss
Edna Ackerman, Miss Martha Ridge, Hon.
Cecil Brown and wife, Robert Catton, wife and
two children, Miss Catton, Master Catton, Miss
A. Cahill, James Campbell, wife and two
children, Miss DIckson, T. 6. Gibson, W. M.
Giflard, John Grace, E. Halstead and wile,
Herman Jergen«. Miss Kamalopli, L. B. Kerr.
M. Marx. W. II. Mclnerny, Dr. C. W. Moore and
Wife, Mrs. Nawahi. Mrs. J. M. Rothchild, Miss
Rothchild, E. H. Rose, J. H. Scbnack, wife and
two children, Mrs. S. S. Shaw, G. Shuman,
Judge H. A. Winemann and wife, Misses Wide
manu, Alex Young and wife.
A Qreat Whist NoVelty.
Ou Saturday.October 3, the champion Vallejo
whist team defend the Rideout trophy
against the Oakland Club team, who will go
up to play them. The clubs play forty-eight
deals, twenty-four in the afternoon and
twenty-four in the evening. The president of
the Pacific Coast Whist Association has the
consent of both clubs to day the Identical
forty-eight deals that were played at the
sixth congress for the great Hamilton trophy
between the St. Paul Club of St. Paul, Minn.,
with the world-renowned players, John II.
Briggs and George L. Burns, with Gordon and
Metcalf as copartners, and the Hamilton Club
team of Philadelphia, with Gus Rcmak, Milton
C. Work, E. P. Morgridge and Tom Ballard,
and no stronger team ever represented the
club. The same Paragon trays they used, the
identical cards they used, and even the trump
cards they used will be put into piay, and the
president of the association will referee the
match. May the best whist play win.
Charles J^eillevj Wins.
We published a deal at whist September 6
and stated wo would sand a copy of "Whist of
To-day" to the first one who send3 us a piay of
this deal/where nine tricks can be made North
and South. Charles Reilley of 72^ Hampshire
street, this City, wins. Dr. C. T. Millekin of
Sacramento sends ar.swer twenty-four hours
later.
For tbe sake of the amusement It affords we
republish the deal and Mr. Reilley's whist
play. From Thk Call of September 6 :
♦-J.C4
O— A, 10, 8, 7, 5
+-Q, 6, 5
O-Q, 8 *
4r— A, K, 10, 3, 2 w E jf^~j 4
0-« B 0-A, 10, 4
♦-Q.1O
O-l>
♦-9. 8. 7
O— K, J, 9, 7, 5. 3. 2
6 of clubs trumps. East leads.
The so-called "play" is as follows:
BT C. REILLEY.
TRICKS. EAST. SOUTH. WEST. KOETH.
1 3O 60 90 I0O
2.............. 40 10* 20? aq~
3.............. I0O 00 60 80
* 40 • 30 2* Qo
0.............. *♦ <?♦ ~5#T 4*
% • A O 20 3+ 6+
l"i -••• J 9 7* QO ~B0~
* 2* ko A * 6*
-J Ji^_ 8+ -9*- 6 «
10.............. 3* i~9O~ K4. 7c>
11............. 8* 70 7* 6*
H •••• 4+ 9* KO 8O
13 •• 04. ~B0~ 10+ Q*
Score: N. ana 8. 9, E. and W. 4.
The team from the ; Oakland Whist Club that
will go to Vallejo Saturday next to battle for
the Hideout trophy has been selected. Presi
dent John 1). Kby will act as captain.with E. F.
Palmer, \V. J. Robinson and Dr. E. L. Dow as
good able assistants. They ' certainly- will
make the Vallejo boys hustle to keep the
trophy, ■
fiW$LUB CIRCLES—
f^Ssf Numerous Entertainments,
Receptions and Dances
A MOST enjoyable social was held in '
Hinman's Assembly Hall by the mem
bers of the Polk-street Merchants' Club
and their friends. One of the novelties
of the evening was the new grand march cotil
lon, under the direction oi its inventor, Mr.
Hinraan, the unique souvenirs being awarded
by George Roberts. "Tripping the light fan
tastic toe" was pleasantly interspersed with
songs, recitations and skirt and Spanish pas
seuis. The committee of management— George
Roberts, Fred Curtlss and John Quinn— spared
no pains in making the first party of the ciub
an evening to be remembered by all who are
fortunate enough to be on their "little list of
friends. A candy pull wound up the evening's
fun. The next social will be to celebrate the
lighting of the best business blocks of this
already thriving thoroughfare with arcstreet-
Among those present we noted Mr. and Mrs.
George Roberts, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Ander
son, Dr. and Mrs. Cummin*, Mr. and Mrs.
George Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. John Quinn, Mr.
and Mrs. Daniel Gorham. Dr. and Mrs. Kengla,
Mr. and Mrs. C. Mentz, Mr. and Mrs. Louis
Kohn, Mr. and Mrs. Byrne, Mr. and Mrs. Fred
Icurtlsi, Mr. and Mrs. R. Wolf, Mr. and Mrs.
Layott, Dr. A. J. Sylvester. Mr. and Mrs. Hin
man, Mr. and Mrs. William J. Miller, Mrs. J.
' Riley, Miss Lillian Quinn, Miss Fannie RiDley,
i Miss flattie Godair, Miss TQlie • Walsh, Miss
Irene Dexter, Miss Fanny Cooper. Miss Stone.
Miss O'Brien, Miss Hawiy, Miss Brodie, Miss
Byrne. etc. Warren Dlebles, Eugene Norris,
G. Mackev, Frank Hlldebrandt, Mr. Hartwell,
Edward Bernheim, Ford, etc. *
A large and appreciative audience assembled
at Union Square Hall Wednesday evening,
September 23, the occasion being the eighth
regular monthly entertainment of the Mission
Literary and Social Club.
The evening's performance was opened with
the clever curtain-raiser entitled "Jones Re
mains Single," by W. Taisen, presented with
the following cast: Mr. Jones, H. G. Leffman;
Sammy Sloman, W. H. Taisen; Mrs. Sloman,
Miss Hope Mosner. Then came the following
specialties: George Crandall, topic songs; John
Taisen and Jack Hath well, tramp musicians;
A. Schait, barytone solo; Miss Etta Schultze,
soprano solo; Professor 8. J. Sandy, bass solo.
The evening's entertainment concluded with
the farce entitled "Not a Bit Jealous." The
distribution of characters was as follows: Mrs.
Scorpion, Miss A. L.Mayberry; Mr. Scorpion,
H.G. Leffman ; Frederick Follamour.W. Klenck ;
Mr. Baxter, F. Seaward; Miss Emma Terrence,
Miss H. Mosher; Jane, Miss Elsie Cueedens.
After the farce dancing was inaugurated and
continued until 12 o'clock. 1 The entertain
ment and social was under the management of
Messrs. W. H. Stone, J. P. oriffln, Frank W.
Poulson, C. Wegener, W. Taisen and Frank W.
Healy.
The Chrysanthemum Dramatic Club, which
made such a success of amateur theatricals last
season, reorganized last evening and elected
the following officers: Charles Currier, presi
dent; J. M. Miller, vice-president; Henry Bass,
secretary; Dave Martin, treasurer; Lee Salo
mon, stage director. The date of the tirst en
tertainment and dance of the club will be an
nounced in the near future.
The Club of Twenty gave their opening
dance at the residence of Edward Man,
on Broadway. September 23. This club,
though recently organized, has taken a very
prominent position among the social clubs of
San Francisco. The following are the mem
bers: Edward Mau, D. McDonald, L. White,
B. Townsend, F. E. Kendall, R. Lyons, A. F.
Jewell, 8. Lippitt, Y. Foote, G. A. Castagnetto,
R. B. Dwyer, F. II. Hammer, F. Rodolph, H.
Weston, H. P. Davis, W. Hoag, A. Watson, W.
Fulton, W. Gutzkow and J. Keane.
The St. Albans Gleaners gave a most enjoy
able and successful entertainment for the
benefit of the Sunday-school at Foresters'
Hall on Thursday evening. A large and en
thusiastic audience was present and ap
plauded the various numbers of the very ex
cellent programme.
On Tuesday evening, the 15th inst., the Mys
tics gave their twenty-first party at Native
Sons' Hall. As usual the attendance was
good, no less than 150 couples being on the
floor. The grand march was led by H. G.
Muller and Miss Lizzie Griffin. The spectators,
who were numerous, were enchanted with the
strains of the delightful music discoursed by
the orchestra, under the leadership of J. D.
Hynes. The floor committee were J. McFar
land, Professor Puckett and \ Frank J. Wil
liams. The Mystics' next party will be held at
Native Sons' Hall on Tuesday evening, October
13.
The young people of St. John's Presbyterian
Church gave a delightful social on. Friday
evening, September 25, in the church parlors.
They presented a novel programme, consist
ing of an entertainment entitled "A Morning
in the Kindergarten." All the young people
of the churcn participated, and a very enjoy
able evening whs spent by all who attended.
Tne Varsovienne Club held its regular
monthly party at Bear Hall, 1901 Post street,
corner of Fillmore, Saturday evening, Septem
ber 26. ■.--.-.■r..~-. _
SURPRISE PARTIES
The Violet Social dub Entertained
Master Edward Day
A birthday surprise party was given to Mas
ter Edward Day by the Violet Social Club, cor
ner of Geary street and Masonic avenue, Satur
day evening, September 19. Those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. Daly, Master Edward Daly,
Miss Alice Eagen, Master Charles Lynch, Miss
Agnes Eagen, Master It. Jerome. Miss Kate
Quill, l'hiiip Mctiulre, Miss Eva Dowan, Mas
ter F. Manning, Miss Tillle Daly, Thomas Dow
an, Frank Caffrey, Miss Frances Lynch, George
\V. Daly, Miss Katie Tohey. Michael Quill, Miss
Llllie Dowan, Thomas Crowley. Miss Alice
Dowan, George Bremer, Miss Kate Toomey,
Mr. and Mrs. Kruse, Master John Manning,
Miss Lena Eagen.
A birthday party was tendered to Miss
Josephine Dusenberry and Thomas Fry on
Saturday evening, September 12, at the head
quarters of the California Chrysanthemum
Ijocial Club, 529 Filbert street The following
■were present: Messrs. A. Weber, J. Sc naffer,
A. Aromann, J. Gilio. C. Bergk, A. Zazzi, F. J.
Rumpf, C. Wahl, F. Stothers, J. Varadisi,
M. Rehm, P. Arata, F. Rodriguez, C.
Bclasco, H. Caraille, E. Grachi, L. Juhl,
sew to-day:
D®SXS>(sX5>S<SX^®S<5^^
Free Beauty. §
9
Another Week. 1
So many came last week and so ©
many more wanted to come who ®
couldn't, I have been requested to £>
continue my free treatments. So x
for another week ladies coming to S
my parlors may have FREE my S)
personal treatment for ©
Wrinkles, Freckles, Moles, i
Warts, Pimples 9
And all facial blemishes, which I g
guarantee to remove. I have the §>
largest Dermatological Institute in ®
America. Come and see what I can <$
do for you. ®
LOLA MONTEZ CREME. I
The Great Ski a Food, Tissue Bailder and X
Beaatlfler, feeds the impoverished skin, re- X
storing the natural beauty of youth. 75c ' X
COUPON— Trial Pot— FREE. 2)
Ladies out of town sending this •■
ad. and 10c in stamps will receive ®
a trial pot of Lola Montez Creme ®
and a box of Face Powder FREE. ®
*-»AY II All; KK-TOR R ®
Gives back to gray or faded hair it 8 natural ®
color In 4 days without any Inconvenience ®
or disagreeable effects. Not a dye. f 1 • ®
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR §
Destroyed Permanently by th« »
Klectric -Needle. T the S
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON 1
4042 Geary Street, &an Francisco. <|
Mr. Malatesta, Dr. Creagh, Mr. and Mrs.
Fry. Mr. and Mr-. C. Gantner, Miss
Miliy Seidemann, Miss Carrie Seidemann,
Miss Josephine Dusenberry, Mr. and Mrs. Her.
rington, Miss Nellie Hennessey, Miss Alvana
LnnduceJ, Miss Sarah Landucci, Miss Mamie
Miranaontes, Miss Mary Raphael, Mr*. Daniels,
Miss L. Godean, Miss Ida Swickard. Miss Fanny
Daniel-, Mrs. Minos, Miss Lizzie Dusenberry,
Miss Lottie Dusenberry. P. Walker, S. Purnell,
C. Bronn, R. F. Miller, L. Fey, P. Stange, W.
Dusenberry, C. Dusenberry, G. Daniels, L.
Krohn, H. Krohn, F. LorancJ, W. Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. Ke Inn.
An enjoyable surprise was tendered the
Misses Ambrose at their residence, t>05 Hayes
street, Friday evening, the 25th lnst. The
party consisted of Misses Nellie and Josie Am
brose, Miss Annie Corbett, Misses Margaret and
Mame Dunn. Miss Nellie Foley, Miss Marguer
ite Lahaney, Miss Eva McKee, Gustave Joy,
Antonio Silkio, George Spookes, Walter Ster
ling, Thornton Gray, Percy Wood and Elmore
Stanley.
A most delightful surprise party was ten
dered to Mrs. Frank J. Williams at her resi
dence, 154 Hawthorne street, last Saturday
evening. The guests, 100 in number, assem
bled at 8 :30 and took full possession ol the
house. The house was beautifully decorated
with smilax and roses, and the spacious par
lors, canvased for dancing, presented a charm-
Ing sight. The party was under the supervi
sion of Miss A. West and Miss Emma Brady.
Game?, dancing and singing were indulged in
by the merrymakers until 12, when they
repaired 10 the dining-room, where an elegant
repast was served. Among those present
were: Misses A. West, K. and E. Brady, S. and
B. Jones, Rita Malony, Daisy McDermott,
Ethel Forrest, B. Clement, . B. Johnson, M.
Hynes, A. Austin, A. Norton, A. Kelley, L.
Zeazelie, M. Spear, D. Rilev, E. Sayer. Edith
Forrest, Corbett. M. Blass, Trickett, Cum
mings, Seaman ; Messrs. George Heinz, Profes
sor W. G. O'Brien, Joseph Ahlback, I. and R.
Lachman, A. and L. Haven, E. Feld, Professor
G. R. Puckett, F. Brune, 0. Focus, Myers, A.
Pilcovick. W. W. Sale, Silas Hall. Martin Rey
nolds, Jack White, A. Faivey, P. Hammond, A.
Rountree, Charles White, Harry Burns, J.
Small, Frank R. Healy, J. Griffin, Al Blass, i .
Moss, Gus Marks, Clayton Hunter, C. Richard
son, Thomas Hicks, Professor and Miss Plise,
Mrs. A. M. Kelley, Mrs. Hoffman,, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank J. William*.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Betrothals Whispered in Confidence
to the Public Ear.
The engagement is announced of Miss Gene
vieve Burke and Clarence L. Mitchell. The
wedding will take place some time in Novem
ber.
The engagement is announced ol Miss Mary
Catherine McLeod and Frank Augustus Rock
hold of Chicago.
The engagement is announced of Miss Grace
Young and Edgar John Arnold, both of Santa
Cruz. Miss Young is upon the staff of the
Santa Cruz Penny Press, and Mr. Arnold was
for some time traveling representative for the
San Francisco Call, and is now agent and cor
respondent for The Call in Santa Cruz. Both
are widely and favorably known to the public.
The engagement is announced of Isador
Eamler and Miss Bertha Goodman.
The engagement reception of Miss Annie
Harris and A. N. Jackson will take place on
Sunday, October 4, irom 2 to 5 p. M., at 1804
Laguna street.
PERSONALS.
Mrs. S. Eerck of Sacramento is visiting Mrs.
G. Barash in this City.
A. If. Simpson left for the East Wednesday,
the 28th lnst
Mr. and Mr?. Robert Crooks are the guests of
Mrs. Morris Newton at Moscow Cottage.
Mrs. S. S. Holman of Los Angeles is visiting
her mother, Mrs. N. Fisher, at 923 McAllister
street.
Mrs. Cannichael-Carr and her son have re
turned to their home, 1712 Sacramento street,
after a three months' stay abroad.
Miss M. Switzer of a:y2 Sutler street left last
week for New Yo.-k.
Mme. Biber has left for New York on a fly
ing trip.
KEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AdENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
Special
Silk Sale!
Commencing Monday, Sept. 28.
Silks at
Half Price.
Hundreds of yards of new Silks
almost given away
Figured Taffeta Silks,
Black Brocaded Silks,
Dresden Silks,
In ...
Choice Designs,
Desirable Colorings,
Magnificent Quality,
At S^lOl Cents
At Per Yard
Regular price $1.00 per yard.
The Greatest Bargain ever
offered in this city.
New Goods just placed
on our counters .....
Our regular patrons are advised
to call early.
Just Opened ...
New Veilings,
New Neckwear,
New Laces and
New Lace Nets.
Mail Orders receive prompt attention
newmahTIevinsoh,
125, 137, 139, 131 Kearny Street.
lilt AXC11 STOIUS— 743 and 74* SlarlKQt S*What
the .Magazines
Contain
Something About Poor
Richard— Irving M,
Scott on Hard
Times
• . GODET'S.
: ■ Godey's Magsiine for October contains the
first chapter of a short life of Benjamin Frank
lin, written by George C. Lay. "Poor Rich
'.' ard" had, perhaps, the most engaging person
ality among the founders of the Republic, and
• his labors were of the highest importance.
. Mr. Lay, in his first chapter, treats of "Frank
■ lin, the Apprentice, the Printer and the Phi
losopher," in a very readable manner, and in
■ the other chapters will take up bis achieve
. . ments as politician and diplomat. Llda Rose
•McCabe's account of "The Oberlin-Wellington
Rescue; an Anti-Slavery Crisis Which Almoit
Precipitated the Civil War in 1859 Through
, the Secession of the North," makes interesting
. . political reading. Another election-time arti
cle is called "The Present Campaign in Car
loon," reflecting in newspaper pictures the po
• litical sentiment throughout the country.
LIPPIKCOTT'S.
' : Thecomplete novel in the October issue of
■ • Lippincoti's is "The Crown Prince of Rex
■ . : ania," by Edward S. Van Zile. The prince
• visits America, falls in love with a New York
■ girl, is rescued and goes home to fight for his
1 throne on news of his fathers death. "Bull
>\ ihkle, the History of a Poor Student," by
.Kfiza Gold, is a character sketch with a good
deal of humor and observation in it. Under
" the heading "Shakespeare's Old Saws," Wil
liam Cecil Elam shows how and why much of
•the popular speech of Virginia is that of the
•great dramatist. Ellen Olney Kirk deals with
• "-f he Last Resort in Art," copying in the gal
leries of Europe. "Humanity's Missing Link,"
supposed to have been found lately in Java by
Dr. Dubois of the Dutch army, is explained by
Jir. Harvev B. Bashore. "The Need of Local
. Patriotism" is pointed out by Professor Wil
liam Cranston Lawton. George H. Westley
writes of "Some Odd Clubs," and William Ward
Crane of "Fashions in Names." The poetry of
the number is by Celia A. Hayward, John
Leighton Best and Clarence Urmy.
THE ARENA.
The October number of the Arena contains
■discussions of the money question by leading
. free-sllverites, and its various departments are
well filled. The literature of the issue is of a
high order. Among the contributors are:
United Slates Senator J. T. Morgan on "Silver—
a Money Metal" ; Rev. G. 1». Coleman on "The
Religion of Jesi;.-j Christ in Its Relation to
Christianity and Reforms"; William Howe
Tolman, Ph.D., «'n "Municipal Reform," and
United States Senator J. P. Jones on 'What the
Remonetization of Silver Would Do for the Re
public." J. H. Hastam writes about "How
Prince Edward Inland Settled Its Land Ques
tion" and Ernest 'W. Clement about "Japanese
Elements in 'The Last Days of Pompeii.' " Pro
fessor Frank Parsons also has an article on
"Free Silver vs. Free Gold." Mary S. Lockwood
treats of "The Divine Afflatus of the Etruscan
• Gold- Spinners."
Ti.iE OVERLAND.
Overland Moi hiy for October openB as
usual with Edito: Rounsevelle Wildman's "As
Talked in the tranctum." This particular
sanctum chat turUs out to be a warm discus
sion of the silvef question. Irving M. Scott
furnishes another of his "Hard Times" arti-
cles. He defends the attitude of tne Republi
can party on the tooney question and replies
• in good terse English to i. 3. Valentine. The
latter, by the way, contributes a forcible arti
cle on the •'Progress of Mankind." An article
that will attract notice from Catholics is a
"History of the Young Men's Institute," by
Frank Murasky. Senator George C. Perkins
has an article in answer to W. H. Mills on
• "Japanese Competition," and Hon. Tirey L.
Ford writes on the Republican party. The
stories and poems are better than usual and
reflect Pacific Coast life.
FRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY.
■ In Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly for Oc
tober the principal features, all splendidly
illustrated, are: "The Road to the Stage," in
which Arthur Hornblow tells how actors and
actresses are made and something about the
dramatic schools; "General Lee's Last Cam
paign," by General Horatio C. King, the ninth
paper in the great Lee series; tne opening
chapters of a new serial story, "Fatner John,"
by Edith Sessions Tupper; "The United States
Kevenue-cutter Service," giving the history
and duties of an important branch of our
navy, by Joanna R Nuholls; "The Free Silver
Issue," by Senator William M. Stewart, being
the first of two papers on the "Leading Issues
of th«s Two Great Parties," to be followed next
month by an article from the gold standpoint;
"The Art Student in Munich," by George Willis
Bard well. Then there are lour short stories
'and some illustrated poems.
M'CLCRE'S MAGAZINE.
No reader of the ''Bonnie Briar Bush" stories
can fail to be interested in the opening article
in the October McClure's. It is an account of
Ian Maclaren, the author of those most genial
' tales, by an most intimate personal friend,
the Rev: D. M. Ross, describing him as a min
ister and a pulpit orator, in which characters
■. he had become eminent long before he took to
authorship, as well as in his literary methods
and career. A series of portraits, pictures of
Ian ilaclaren's several residences, and some
original Drumtochty views illustrate the pa
' .per. To the same number Rudyard Kipling
contributes one of his strongest ballads—"Chol
era-Camp." Other contributions are a remark
ably vivid and real account of the Lincoln and
Ijouglas debates of 1858 ; a paper of personal
observations and recollections of LI Hung
Chang and hie labors for the advancement of
China, by the Hon. Chester Holcombe, who for
many years livea in close personal and official
relations with the Viceroy; a paper by Eliza
beth Stuart Phelps, giving her recollections of
the poet Edward Rowland Sill, and telling a
very interesting story of collaboration with
. her husband in the writing of novels. All of
• these papers are fully illustrated.
The fiction of the number is up to the Mc
. Clure stancTard; which means it is of fresh
and unfailing interest.
DEFERRED.
•Love came knocking at m y heart
■ .One summer day,
Came knocking softly at my heart,
I said him nay;
"Ob. May is merry, and June is long.
And gay with blossom and wild-bird'* song.
The golden hours are fr<e, are free;
What sweeter can you bring to me?
- pray yon wait
Without the gate."
Was that a knocking at my heart
One winter day?
The faintest echo in my heart!
The world was (tray,
And drear the winter; my garden close
- Lay chill and silent with drifting snows.
I swung the portals open wide:
"Ob, enter, stranger, and abide!"—
Love's ghos: did wait
Without the gate.
Ci.ua A. Hatwabd, in October Lipplncott't.
AND THEN.
Silence, and then tbe dark;
bweet sleep, and then the dawn,
And one star there to mart
Where toou hast gone.
So, sweetheart, from my sight
A little hast thou flown:
Why for the ab<ence of a night
Should I make moan?
Parted, but not with tears.
. Earth's dream, and then the sky,
And then through all the years
Together, you and L
J»bx LaieHTON Bkmi, in OetoUr LippincoW*.
NEW TO-DA.T.
SPECIAL SALE!
SOME STRONG LINES IN SEA-
SONABLE GOODS.
100 dozen Well-made BLEACHED
PILLOWCASES, 45x36 inches
ready for us.', 15c value. On -| f\ o
special sale at L\Jij
45 dozen FINE GRADE HEM-
STITCHED PILLOWCASES,
45x36 inches, ready for use, 1 X/f
value 25c. On special sale at. l.O\j
2 cases DOUBLE-BED WIDTH
SHEETING, 82-inch, un-
bleached, line thread, heavy
make, 20c fabric On special 1 £?/»
sale at lOij
45 pieces HEAVY CREAM TA-
BLE DAMASK, this is a pure
linen, Irish-made fabric, value QX/»
60c On special sale at OOl>
20 pieces EXTRA GRADE
BLEACHED DAMASK, a
splendid erade, value 75c On PLKp
special sale at OO\j
200 dozen 3-4 DINNER NAP-
KINS, 21 inches square,
bleached Irish linen, value
$1 50 a dozen. On special sale©1 A A
LADIES' BLACK COTTON
MOREEN SKIRTS, extra
wide, bound in velvet, value£»1 AA
$1 50 each. On special sale at«|5 -!-•""
LADIES' FAST BLACK
SATEEN SKIRTS. wide
width, well made, value $1 25 OX«
each. On special sale at OOt
400 pieces SHIRTING CALI-
COES, full standard. On A n
special sale rrv
500 pieces NEW DARK FLAN-
NELETTES, the new rich
Persian effects, very effective. 1 (\ n
On special sale at lUt-i
NOTABLE VALUES!
! A Grand Line of MEDIUM AND
DARK FLANNELETTES
AND TENNIS FLANNELS. t/»
On special sale at OC
An Elegant Line of FIXE
FRENCH FLANNELS, new
fall colorings, all tine wool. Q^^
Special price DOC
250 pieces DOUBLE^FOLD DOT-
TED SWISS, for curtains,
etc., 36 inches wide, value for -| i)l_
20c On special sale at.. 1— 2O
W (/Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Strati
Wfyen Shakespeare Was a Boy
Literary Landmarks of the City in the Sea, and a
Tale About the Old Infant, and
Some Other Stories
SHAKESPEARE THE BOY. By William J.
Rolfe. isew York: Harper A Brothers. For
sale by Hobertson; price 25.
Dr. Rolfe, the celeDrated editor of Shake
speare, has in this book combined all we know
of the youth of the poet with all on record of
the life of the time, as it affected boys. In
other words, he has described the games Shake
speare played, the amusements of the country
side, the school and the lessons taught, the
training at home and the town life. He gives
a picture of Stratford-on-Avon as it must have
been then, and incidentally calls attention to
the influences which affected the character of
the great dramatist while growing up.
To those who are unaware how little is
known of the life of Shakespeare the title of
the book may prove deceptive, inasmuch as it
may lead them to expect to find in it some
account of Shakespeare or at least some anec
dotes of his early days. The book, of course,
contains nothing of the sort, for of Shake
speare's boyhood nothing is known except
that he grew up at Stratford during the reign
of Henry VIII. A more accurate title would
have been "English manners and customs dur
ing the boyhood of Shakespeare." The value
of the book for lovers of the great dramatist
lies in the fact that a proper understanding
of many passages in his plays depends upon a
knowledge of the customs and games to which
the passages refer. Tnese are quoted in the
work, and the significance of the metaphors,
similes and references to events of that time
fully explained.
THE CITY IN THE SEA.
LITKRARY LANDMARKS OF VENICE. By
Laurence Hutton. Nfw York: Harper <fe Bros.,
publishers. For sale by A. M. Robertson; price
The author has enlarged, elaborated and re
vised the article entitled "Literary Land
marks of Venice," which appeared in Harper's
Magazine for July, 1896, and upon which this
volume is based. Mr. Hutton describes at
length the houses and places in the "Queen of
the Adriatic," which have been identified
with men and women famous in literature,
and adds many a pleasant anecdote and story.
The effect on the reader is to give him the
feeling of knowing the city better than before.
Many of the persons spoken of were Ameri
cans. To quote the author:
When the English-speaking and the Engllsh
readiog visitors in Vonice— for whom this volume
was written— overcome the feeling that they are
predestined to fall Into one of the canals before
they leave the city, where they become accus
tomed to being driven about in a hearse-shaped,
one-manned rowboat, when they have been shown
all the traditional sights, have bought the regu
lation old brass and old glass, have learned to
draw smoke out of the long;, thin, black, rat-tailed,
straw-covering things the Venetians call cigars—
when they have seen and done all these, they will
find themselves much more interested in the
house in which Byron lived, and in the perfectly
restored palace in which Browning died, than in
the half ruined, wholly decayed mansions of all
the Doges who were ever Lord Mayors of Venice.
The guidebooks tell us where Faliero plotted and
where Fascari fell, where l>esdemona suffered and
where Shylock traded, but they give us no hint a*
to where Sir Walter Scott lodged or where
Rogers breakfasted, or wha: was done here by the
many Knglish-speaking Men of Letters who have
made Venice known to us and properly under
stood.
To dwell upon these has been the chief pur
pose of the book. Among the most interesting
descriptions are those relating to Robert and
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, to James Feni
more Cooper, to Disraeli, Dickens, Howells,
Lowell, Petrarch, Eugene Schuyler, Charles
Dudley Warner and Constance Fenimore
Wooison. The creator of "Leather-Stocking,"
dear to juvenile America, did what everybody
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
HANDKERCHIEFS!
At 5 Cents Each.
600 dozen LADIES', MISSES' AND
CHILDREN'S HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, in white lawn
and lace insertion or edged, revered
and colored borders, regular price $1
per dozen, will be offered at 5c each.
At 8V» Cents Each.
500 dozen LADIES SHEER WHITE
LAWN HEMSTITCHED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, with lace
insertion or Spanish work (slightly
imperfect), regular price 12J^c, 15c and
20c, will be offered at 8J^c each.
At 15 Cents Each.
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $3 per dozen, will be offered at
15c each.
At 25 Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROID-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $6 per dozen, will be offered at
i. r )C each.
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
black only, regular value $1, will be
offered at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
284 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors and
black, regular value $1 25, will be offered
at 75c a pair.
At $1.00.
150 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES, colors red, tan and brown,
regular value $1 50, will be offered at
$1 a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS!
At 15 Cents.
ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, 3>*
inches wide, in assorted colors, value
25c, will be offered at 15c
At 25 Cents.
ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, 4^
inches wide, assorted colors, value 35c,
will be offered at 25c
At 1% Cents.
No. 12 2-inch ALL-SILK SATIN AND
GROS GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted
colors, value 15c, will be offered at 7%c.
mi* Murphy Building, J
ffiaiiet anil Jones Streets.
1 does on hi* first visit to Venice; but his con
clusions were so unlike most of the others that
Mr. Hutton records them:
Although Venice was attractive at first, In the
absence of acquaintances It became monotonous
and weary'DR. A town In which the sound of
wheels and hoofs Is never known, in which the
stillness of the narrow, ravine-like canals Is se.
dom broken unless by the fall of an oar or the cry
of a gondolier, fatigues one by Its unceasing calm I
do not remember to have been so much utruck wtth
any place upon entering it. I do not recollect ever
to have been so tired of a residence in a capital.
In regard to these words of Feuimore
Cooper the author remarks: "The very ab
sence of the noise of hoof and wheel, the very
silence of which he complains, are to most
tired-minded travelers the greatest of the
charms of the capital city of Venice. But
happily we each have our owu points of
view."
The volume is neatly printed and appropri
ately illustrated.
BY THE AUTHOR OF FARM BALLADS
THE OLD INFANT, AND SIMILAR STORIES.
By Will Carleton. New York: Harper <fe Bros.,
publishers. For sale by A. M.. Robertson; price
Here is a volume of seven stories and 220
pages, and it serves to show, for one thing,
that the author of "Betsy and I Are Out" is
more of a success in the composition of dialect
verse about farm and city life than in the
writing of prose stories. Will Carleton is quit©
familiarly known throughout the country on
account of his ballads, the homely humor and
pathos of which appeal to popular favor. Still,
as we have observed in times previous, it is
far easier to attain distinction in the realm of
poetry than in that of prose. His stories may
get somewhat of a reading on the strength of
his reputation as a rhymester. Had the pres
ent volume appeared as Mr. Carleton's initial
work, however, it would hardly, after a perusal,
have aroused in the reader a very eager desire
for more literature from the same source.
In "The Old Infant" an old man goes to
school, and becoming very fond of the teacher
leaves her his money. "The Vestal Virgin" is
a college story, in which the typical "home
boy," Chessle Wylkynse, is hazed unmercifully
and rescued by Barnes Dillingworth, an ath
letic admirer of Miss Wylkynse. Tne scene of
"Lost— Two Young Ladies" is laid In Sicily.
Italian brigands and peasants meet American
girls and their chaperon, a New England
woman. The missing girls are rescned by an
American detective, whose methods are unique.
"A Christmas Car" is a children's Christmas
story. In "A Business Flirtation" a young
college student learns not to make rash vows
to charming girls. "The One-ring Circus"
and "Oldbottla's Burglars" complete the vol
ume.
A STORY OF THE OLD NAVY.
THE WHITE JACKET; OK, THE WORLD IN
A MAN-OF-WAR. By Herman Melville. Pub
lished by the American Publishers' Corporation,
Jiiew York; price 60 cents.
This is another of Herman Melvilte's ad
mirable sea stories, which have recently been
re published in popular form. In "White
Jacket" Melville relates his experiences as a
man-of-war's man on an American frigate,
and it is sate to say that no better description
of the life of a sailor in an old-time naval ves
sel has ever been written. It was in 1843,
after Melville, having escaped from Typee and
reaching Honolulu, where he remained for a
short time, sbipDed on board the frigate
United States, flying the broad pennant of
Commodore Ap Catet>by Jones. The United
States had recently arrived from Monterey,
where Commodore Jones had, in an excess of
zeal, raised th« American flag, which he
The successful termination of our great $300,000 Closing-Out
; Sale leaves us with ample room for the proper display of our
i MAGNIFICENT NEW FALL STOCK, advance importations of
I which were shown last week and evoked unbounded praise from
multitudes of admiring visitors.
The present week opens with a still more complete display as
the result of mammoth shipments received during the past few
days, and in inviting an inspection of the PEERLESS COLLEC-
TIONS OF RARE AND EXCLUSIVE STYLES AND NOVELTIES
EXHIBITED we offer an additional attraction in the shape of the
{following choice lines
AT SPECIALLY LOW PRICES!
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 35 Cents.
2 cases 38-INCH ALL PURE WOOL
IMPORTED FANCY WEAVES,
worth 50c, will be soid at 35c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 47- INCH ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
STORM SERGE, worth 75c, will be
offered at 50 c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 43-INCH FIGURED ENGLISH
MOHAIR, worth 75c, will be offered
at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
2 cases 48-INCH FRENCH BOUCLE,
extra good value for $1 25, will be sold
at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
25 pieces 54-INCH EXTRA FINE ALL-
WOOL ENGLISH CHEVIOT, worth
$1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard.
At $1.25.
20 pieces MOHAIR CREPONS, in the
latest designs, worth $1 75, will be sold
at $1 25 a yard.
{gig Murphy Building, J
Market anfl Joist Streets.
hauled down the next day, apologized to
the Mexican Government and retired. The
title of the book is derived from a garment
manufactured by the young sailor himself from
a piece of white duck to serve as an outer gar
ment, to protect his person from the rigors of
Cape Horn weather, as no pea jacket could be
had from the purser's stewnrd. The white
jacket would have changed its color if the
maker could have had his way, as he applied
to the first lieutenant for a few brushes full of
black paint, to give it a waterproof coating,
but that official refused his permission.
St. Paul's New Triplet Window.
The^gift of a wealthy parishioner to St. Paul's Episcopal Church,
California street, near Steiner. Designed by Harry R. Hopps
of the California Art Glass Works. It Represents the
Apostle, life size, at the time of his conversion. The
coloring is exceedingly rich and beautiful.
COLORED DRESS GOODS I
At 25 Cents.
76 pieces 44-inch ALL-WOOL NAVY
STORM SERGE, regular price 50c, will
be closed out at 25c a yard.
At 40 Cents.
37-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY DRESS
GOODS, in boucle, plaids and matalesse
tffects, will be placed on sale at 40c a
yard.
At 50 Cents.
54 pieces 40-inch HEAVY ALL-WOOL
NOVELTY CHEVIOTS, newest de-
signs and colorings, will be placed on
sale at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
31 pieces 38-inch FINE ALL - WOOL
BOUCLE PLAIDS, elegant colorings,
will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
42 pieces 46-inch ALL-WOOL ETAMINE
CHECKS, raised effects, will be placed
on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.25.
27 pieces 48-inch ALL-WOOL ENGLISH
TWILLED COVERT SUITING, in
tan, green, brown and gray, mixed
colorings, will be placed on sale at
$1 25 a yard.
UU Murphy Building, /
Market aid Jones Streets.
"The ship bas no paint to spare," said he.
"You must get along without it."
"I fear it will not be well for me in the end,"
adds the author, "for if my own sins are to
be forgiven only as I forgive that hard-hearted
and nnimpres8ible first lieutenant, then pardon
there is none for mo."
A short stay was made at Callao, and the old
frigate, which her commander at the end of
this cruise speaks of in his official report as
"one of the most weatherly ships and the best
sea boat he ever sailed in," arrived at Boston
in October, 1844.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
At 35 Cents.
85 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UNLAUN-
DRIED WHITE SHIRTS, made with
double backs and re-enforced linen
fronts, extra value for 65c, will be
offered at 35c each.
At 65 Cents.
20 dozen MEN'S STANLEY SHIRTS,
with laundried collars and cuffs at-
tached, regularly sold at $1, will be
offered at 65c each.
At 50 Cents.
96 dozen MEN'S SANITARY WOOL
AND HEAVY MIXED CAMELS'
HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, special value, usual price 85c,
will be offered at 50c each.
At $1.00.
55 dozen MEN'S MIXED AUSTRALIAN
WOOL AND CAMELS' HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted non-shrinkable, regular price
$1 50, will be offered at $1 each.
HOSIERY! HOSIERY!
At 25 Cents.
150 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE,
double knees, heels and toes, Herms-
dorf black, unbleached and black feet,
worth 40c, on special sale at 25c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
125 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, high-spliced heels and
toes. Hermsdorf black, worth 33%c,
on special sale at 20c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
125 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels and toes, Hermsdorf
black, worth 40c, on special sale at 25c
a pair.
LADIES* SHIRT WAISTS.
At 25 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundried
collar and cuffs, full sleeves, yoke back,
will be offered at 25c each.
At 50 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of
good quality percale, in all fancv
shades, latest style Roods, with bishop
sleeves, worth $1 and $1 25, will be
offered at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy shades
regular price $1 25 and %\ 50, will be
offered at 75c each.
Ir if Murphy Building, f
Marfcet and Jonas Streets.
'\Marel] Jteres" and Some Notes
What Literary Men and Women Are Saying and
Doing— Gossip From the Publishers— A Book
on Primitive Buddhism
MARCH HARKS. By Harold Frederic. New
York: D. AppletonA Co. For sale by William
Doxey. Palace Hotel: price, $1 25.
Brilliant and sparkling, full of vim and snap,
"March Hares," the latest of Harold Frederic's
novels, fully sustains his reputation as a
writer of standard fiction, and certainly enti
tles him to be classed as one of the foremost
novelists of the day.
There is a something that is delightfully re
freshing in Mr. Frederic's work. The story
runs on, unburdened with conventionality,
brightened by some really clever bits of char
acter sketching. The author is particularly
happy in his description of one Laban Skinner,
who, to use his own language, is a "Jefferson
ian Democrat." To this advantage is added a
Standard Oil magnate's purse, a pompous
manner of speech (possibly derived from the
first-named attribute) and a pretty daughter.
The principal character of "March Hares" is
David Mosscrop, who imagines his life wasted
because, at the mature age ot 30, he finds him
self the life occupant of an academic chair
with a comfortable income, and a leaning
toward indulgence in spirituous liquors.
It is this latter tendency which leads him to
characterize himself as "a waste product, a
drunkard, a sterile fool, a loafer, a veritable
human swine." Needless to say, Mosscrop, as
far as can be gathered from the story, has little
grounds upon which to base his self-condem
natory remarks. He is just an ordinary good
Briton, but notwithstanding this latter fact, we
hear him using phrases that are distinctly
American, if not "Jeffersonian-Democratic"
Thus, "raised such a racket" is hardly British;
nor are "lie low," "ao things off your own
bat," "You're just fooling," "Afraid nothing!"
But, apart from these small discrepancies,
we have really no fault to find with Mr. Har
old Frederic's latest book. It is an animated,
cleverly written, healthy piece of fiction, that
might well serve as a model to some writers
we could mention. To disclose its plot would i
be somewhat of an injustice to the author.
We therefore simply conclude, as we began,
with the remark that in "March Hares" Mr.
Frederic has produced a novel that will add to
his reputation as a master in the art of writing
choice, vigorous fiction.
LITERARY NOTES.
"Primitive Buddhism— Its Origin and Teach
ings," is the title of a new book by Mrs. Eliza
beth A. Reed. The recently awakened interest
in the philosophies of the East, and esDecially
in the subject of Buddhism, will find a fresh
impetus in the announcement of this work.
It claims to present, in as brief a manner as is
consistent with accuracy, the authoritative
teachings of primitive Buddhism as found in
the sacred books of the East, the official docu
ments of the early Buddhists and elsewhere.
The book is to be published by Scott, Foresman
ii Co. of Chicago.
Mr. du Maurier has done a daring thing in
his new novel, "The Martian." He has made
his heroine an unseen person. In fact, she is
"The Martian." and while she does not appear
in the story she plays the most important part
in it. There are a number of women who do
appear, however. The hero is introduced to
the reader as a boy whose story is told by a
friend and edited by Mr. du Maurier.
Tolstoi recently told a French interviewer
that "Alphonse Daudet has a certain talent;
Panl Bourget is a brilliant essayist, but a poor
novelist, his head being too crammed with
iacts; Marcel Prevost is worth more than his
books, which are 'inqualifiables.' Guy de
Maupassant knew how to see and tell what he
h ad seen. His style was as pure as a precious
metal. He was miles ahead of Flaubert, Zola
and everybody. Zola ia a diligent and plod-
SILK DEPARTMENT!
At 40 Cents a Yard.
30 pieces FANCY FIGDRED SILK, two-
toned effect, good value for 60c, will
be offered at 40c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
40 pieces DRESDEN FIGURED AND
BROCADED TAFFETA, new designs,
and shadings, good value for $1 25,
will be offered at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN,
large designs, heavy quality, good
Yalue $1, will be offered at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
15 pieces 24-INCH BLACK SATIN
DUCHESSE, extra heavy, soft finish,
f;ood value for $1 50, will be offered at
1 a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
100 pieces COLORED SILK VELVET, in
all the latest shades and tints, close
pile, perfect finish, will be offered at
$1 a yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
At $5.00.
LADIES' BOX JACKETS, in black, navy
and brown cheviot, high neck, storm
collar, price $5 00.
At $5.00.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKET,
two-button box front, lap pockets,
storm collar, colors black and navy,
price «5 00.
At $7.50.
LADIES' PLUSH RIPPLE CAPE, lined
with silk serge, handsomely beaded,
storm collar, trimmed with martin fur,
price $7 50.
At $7.50.
LADIE8' BOUCLE JACKET, box front,
storm collar, coat back, halt-lined with
silk serge, colors black and navy, price
$7 50.
At $2.00.
LADIES' GORED SKIRTS, large and
small figures, lined with percaline vel-
vet binding, price $2.00.
tmiM Murphy Building, J
Market ani Jones street!
ding writer. I liked his 'Germinal,' and 'La
Terre' is a novel of peasant humanity. As for
'Lourdes,' I stopped at the hundredth page,
and 'Rome' I never opened."
Anthony Hope has refused to change the
name of his forthcoming book to "The Princess
of Zenda." His American publishers— the
F. A. Stokes Company— suggested a com
promise in "The Princess Osra of Zenda,"
but Mr. Hope remained firm, and the book is
to appear on September 15 under the title
chosen by him, "The Heart of Princess Osra."
) The sale of 500,000 copies of the Temple edi.
tion of Shakespeare has encouraged the pub
lishers (the Messrs. Dent in London and the
Macmillan Company in this country) to plan a
series of old English dramatists, to be pub
lished in the sam* style, unexpurgated. Mar*
lotve, Webster, Fletcher and Jonson will begin
the new undertaking. A series of Temple
Classics will be started shortly with •'Faust,"
Bacon's "Essays," More's "Utopia" and Be
Quincey's "Opium Eater."
Messrs. Lea Bros. & Co. have just issued the
third and concluding volume of Henry
Charles Lea's "History of Confession and In
dulgences in the Latin Church," dealing with.
the history of indulgences.
Bjornstjerne Bjornson is about to leave Nor
way to take up his permanent residence in
Germany. In a recent issue of the Verdena
Gang he states that the continued attacks upon
him at home are the cause ot this decision,
and that he believes he will find a more
congenial field for his literary labors In Ger
many, where he will have fewer temptation*
to take part in politics.
Believing that much of the increasing neg
lect of family worship is due to the difficulty
encountered in hastily selecting passages of
Scripture of a suitable devotional character,
Sylvanus Stall, CD., a careful Bible student
and the author of several valuable books, has
prepared a volume of 365 selections from the
Bible for daily devotions, and the Funk <&
Wagnalls Company of New York will publish
the same in a few days in a neat dollar vol
ume. The selections are also for use in the
chapel services of colleges, the opening devo
tions in the public schools, and for the daily
use of Christian Endeavorers and member!
of other societies of young people.
In the September Review of Reviews the edi
tor discusses different phases of the Presiden
tial campaign— especially the revolt of the gold
standard Democrats and the altitude of East
ern wage-earners toward Mr. Bryan. Another
Important topic of discussion in the depart
ment of "The Progress o! the World" is Lord
Salisbury's Venezuelan proposition, in con
nection with the general scheme for a perma
nent tribunal of arbitration. The editor also
covers most of the striking developments of
the month in British and European politics.
Who are the most popular novelists, not of
the day, but of the moment? asks the West
minster Gazette. Some one has been endeav
oring to get at the fact by an analysis of the
first hundred books issued after the annual
stock-taking at the Nottingham Central Lend
ing Library. Marie Corelli heads the score
with eleven; Crockett follows with six, Edna
Lyall with five. Hall Caine with four, and the
next six writers of fiction with three each—
Conan Doyle, Du Maurier, Rider Hasrgard, A.
C. Gunter, Mrs. Burnett and G. A. Henty. la
the next group of 2 per cents are: Dick Don
: ovan, Annie S. Swan, John Strange Winter, R.
N. Carey, G. Griffiths, H. G. Hutchinson, R,
i Louis Stevenson, J. K. Spender and Mrs. H.
i Wood. The two most popular novels wera
. Hall Caine's "Manxman" and Du Maurier'a
■ "Trilby."
1920
BUN-DAY „'...;.' .TSKPTKMBEK 27. 1898
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Caix, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . . . 6.00
Daily nnd Sunday Caix, sis months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-60
Weekly Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon polng to the country on a vacation T If
(•e, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
yonr address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
SO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone MaIn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 L«rk;n street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc-W . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 Mntli street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Booms 31 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
* THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
JTOB VICF-PRES1DENT
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EtKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 189«.
Sound money is sound sense.
If you believe in the ticket work for it.
Protection to industry is the defense of
the worfcmgmsn.
Remember, a Republican victory never
disturbs business.
In politics as in war the regular is al
ways opposed to the bushwhacker.
It is lmDOssible to have harmony with
out regularity in any kind of combination.
Don't fail to read what the university
poetical economists say about the silver
question.
However good party harmony may be,
it requires party organization to make it
effective.
Since all political parties represent po
litical principles, what do non-partisans
represent?
If Bryan couid be rattled by a college
yell, what will happen to him when the
Nation speaks?
There is harmony enough in the regular
.Republican camp for everybody who
wishes harmony.
Organized Republicanism has given the
party a eood ticket and will give the City
a good government.
Those who receive the praise of the foes
of the Republican party are themselves
the foes of that party.
Another week has gone by without any
Democrat of note standing up in public to
make a 6peech for Bryan.
There is no antagonism of classes in
this country, and labor and capital will
vote together for McKinley and prosperity.
The bond of affinity between the Ex
aminer ana the Martin Kelly convention
is only another novelty in the way of
fakes.
Sewall firmly declared at Boston that he
will stick to his nomination. He may be
riddled full of holes, bat he is a porous
plaster.
Public confidence in the election of Mc-
Kinley has begun to show itself in busi
ness and signs of improvement are noted
everywhere.
It would have been a great advantage to
Bryan at New Haven to have had his tom
tom Watson with him to watch the frog
chorus ot the Yale boys.
There was a time when Willie Hearst's
fiami'tiT reported that Martin Kelly was
not a purist in politics, but since then
some things have changed.
Martin Kelly should study nis record as
given in the Examiner of many date? and
occasions before he decides that Willie
Hearst is a >.'ood man to tie to.
There are enough pood citizens in San
Francisco to elect the Republican ticket,
despite the combined factions against it,
and, what is more, they can De counted on
to do it.
For the month of August the wheat ship
ments from Boston and from Baltimore
each exceeded those from New York, and
as a consequence there has gone up from
the metropolis a wild shout for an imme
diate improvement of the Erie canal.
Without protection California fruit
growers, who pay hisrh wages for labor
and high rates of transportation to the
Eastern market, cannot compete with
European fruit-growers, who pay low
wages and have cheap ocean transporta
tion. Therefore, the question comes: Will
you vote for protection or not? Are you
for the Cahfornian or the European?
In office and out of office McKinley has
ever been an earnest upholder ot the pro
tective system, which increases the oppor
tunities of American labor, while Bryan
has been always a free-trader, seeking to
bring about the importation of cheap goods
from foreign countries at the cost of Amer
ican labor. That is the record of the two
men, and by that record workingmen can
learn how to vote.
To the already large list of weekly peri
odicals in this City another has been
added, to be issued every Saturday. It
bears the title The Cah'fornian, announces
that it "advocates true Populism," and
carries the ticket of Bryan and Watson at
the head of its editorial columns. Among
the regular contribut rs are to be some of
the leading Populists of the State, and the
two numbers already published give evi
dence that the new weekly will be a very
valuable aid to the par'y whose cause it
lias undertaken to defend and advance.
SAN FEANOISGO REPUBLICANISM.
The Republican County Convention has
done its work faithfully and well. It has
rendered good service to both the party
and th^ people. It hns adopted a platform
of policies which will receive the approval
of all who favor an economical and pro
gressive administration of municipal af
fairs, and has nominated a ticket thor
oughly typical of the best elements of our
citizenship and representative of stalwart
and loyal Republicanism.
The ono issue now before the Republi
cans of San Francisco is that of electing
this ticket from top to bottom. The
division of the Democratic party in this
City into two discredited factions and the
complete demoralization of the party as a
whole give a good prospect of sweeping
victory for organised Republicanism de
spite the efforts of some self-styled Re
publicans to bring about the election of
one or the other of the Democratic tickets
by creating dissensions in the party.
Loyal Republicans have only to stand
firmly by the organization to achieve a
victory over all these discordant elements
of opposition. The strength of the regu
lar ticket will be in itself an important
aid to the organization, inasmuch as every
man on it is a vote-winner. Resolute and
united effort therefore will be surely
crowned with success. Let us have that
and t ne Republican party will assure San
Francisco a good municipal administra
tion, an upright judiciary and a strong
and fit representation in the Legislature.
Every effort should of course be madf
and will be made by the leaders of the or
ganized party to harmonize all elements
in the ranks. Though the opposition be
divided and demoralized, the Republican
party cannot afford to lose a single vote on
election day. No obstacles will be put in
the way of any man who, having gone out
of the party, now sees the wisdom of re
turning to it. This is a Republican
year in National politic*, and should
be one in local politics. The
voters in San Francisco should take a
pride in rolling up a big vote for McKin
ley and Hobart, and that vote should go
on unbroken for every name on the local
ticket. Many of these lo.-al nominees are
men who have been tested in public office
and found worthy of the highest approval
of their fellow-citizens. Others are known
by their repute in private life to be well
deserving public trust and confidence.
They have accepted the nomination of the
party, and it is now the duty of all loyal
members of the party to give them hearty
support in the light for victory.
We know what partial free trade has done
for the labor of the United States. It has
diminished its employment and earnings.
We do not propose now to inaugurate a cur
rency system that will cheat labor of its pay.
Laboring men of this country, when thry
give a full day's work to their employer, want
to be paid in full dollars good everywhere in
the world. We want in this country good
work, good wages and good money. We want
to continue our good government, with its gen
erous privileges and matchless opportunities,
and we want it to be a government where law
is supreme over all for the equal benefit of
all. — McKinley .
A GREAT SPEECH.
The call of a delegation of employes of
the Marion (Ind.) Glass Works upon
Major McKinloy last Friday might looli
"like rubbing it in," but it did not turn
out that way. The Marion factory was
originally a Canton industry, but the
owners moved it to Marion, where they
could get natural gas, and the comin i of
the operatives was a reminder to Major
McKinley and the other people of Canton
of their loss. Major McKinley referred to
the removal of the factory, and after ex
pressing regrets said: "However.it did
not go out of our country. It went into a
neighboring State, and therefore benefits
tiie American farcily; American work:- ■< •■■
still do the work. We share in your tioo.1
fortune and prosperity, but we would
have felt differently if it had gone on the
other side and out of tbe United Siates. 1 '
Those few words from Ma jo:- McKinley
reflect more of the sp'rit of true Ameri
canism than all that Bryan has evr said
and written. Naturallv he would rather
have the glass worfcs in his own town,
where they were first located, but the
next best thing was to have them
remain in the United States, for
wherever they might be located in
this country all the people would partici
pate in the good accru.rig from them, for
every home industry helps to swell the
grand total of the Nation's prosperity.
Major McKinley is too big a statesman
and too much of a patriot to harbor a
thought that could be twisted into mean
ing sectionalism. He rejoices in the pros
perity of every corner of this broad land
and in the accumulation of property bv
every American citizen. Tne more the
people come to know Major McKin ey the
more they like him. They like him for
his lofty and sincere Americanism.
Candidate Brysn would do well to read
and profit by the short talk Major Mc-
Kiuley had with the Marion GIbbs Works
operatives. But he will do nothing of the
kind. His stock in trade is sectionalism,
and his cnief business in life is to go about
the country to set employ- against em
ployer and neighbor against neighbor. He
is a professional agitator and agitation is
his bread and meat, but his speeches are
educating the people in his methods and
purpose, and later on they will explain to
him throush the ballot-box how intensely
they abhor Bryanism.
The policy that would abandon the field of
home trade mutt prove disastrous to the mer
chants and workingmen of the United States.
Wages are unjust I;/ reduced wnen an indus
trious man is not able by his earnings to live
in comfort, educate his children and save a
sufficient amount for the necessities of age-
James O. Wain*.
BEYAN'S EVASIONS AND HIS
EEOOED.
Bry«n has persistently refused to answer
questions concerning the tariff. When
questioned he has replied only that the
money issue is the matter of supreme Im
portance in the campaign. In making
such replies the intent to evade his ques
tioner is too apparent to deceive any one.
Even if we concede the superior import
ance of the financial issue it will remain
true that the industrial issue is one which
concerns every citizen. No man has a
right to seek the votes of the people who
has not the courage or the candor to speak
clearly on a matter of such moment to the
>ation.
If Bryan will not speak surely some of
his supporters will have the manhood to
speak for themselves. Are we to under
stand that they are supporting Bryan on
his Congressional record as a free-trader
or have they some guarantee that he has'
repented? In his speech on the Wilson
bill Bryan said: "I think the duties all the
way throu h this bill are higher than
necessary and I favor the bill not because
of its perfection, not because the duties are
brought down as low as ti,ey might be, but
because the bill is infinitely better than
the law wnich we now have and is a step
in the right direction." Doea Bryan still
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
hold to that doctrine? Will he go still
further in the direction of free trade? Has
he learned anything from the result of
that bill? Is there do one to answer for
him?
There are so me Californians who have
declared for Bryan, and we put the ques
tion to them: Are you for further reduc
tion in tariff duties? Do you believe in
the face of the present and increasing de
ficit of t ha revenue that it would be best to
lower customs duties and make up the de
ficit by an income tax? Do you believe
that while we are importing woolen goods
from Jfingland and 75 per cent of woolen
machinery is idle it would be a good thing
to still further reduce duiies on woolen
croods? Do you think free trade in raw
wool has been beneficial to you or to any
one in California? Has free lumber bene
fited you in anyway? Would there be
any profit for you if all American indus
tries, including your own, were left open
to European competition ?
Bryan will not answer whether he is
still a free-trader or. like many other
Democrats, has learned wisdom from the
experience of the last three years. You
who are voters and are engaged in industry
must ask yourselves what his silence means.
Bryan voted for free lumber, for free wool,
for the repeal of the sugar bounty,
for the redaction made on the duties
which protected our industries, and com
plained because he could not reduce them
further. That is his record. His evasions
in this campaign are not to his credit. If
there were anything of sterling candor in
him he would either declare his intention
to stand by hit record or acknowledge his
error and pledge himself to reform.
Industry mw! come first. Labor precedes
all else. It is the foundation of wealth; it is
the creator of all wealth. Its active employ
ment puts money in circulation and sends it
coursing through every artery of trade. The
viints don't distribute it in that way. Start
the factories in full blast and the money will
flow from bank and vault. The lender will
seek the borrower; not, as now, the borrower
the lender. — McKinley.
ECONOMISTS POE SOUND MONEY.
It is shown in the columns of to-day's
Call that the great majority of recog
nized professors of political economy in
the leadinz colleg-s of the United States
are unalterably opposed to the free coin
age of silver. Over their own signatures,
in rep.'y to a direct inquiry on the oresent
issue, these men of science state that the
Bryan idea of finance would result in
bankruptcy and general ruin.
These replies come from the leading
men of such institutions as Yale, Vassar,
Princeton, Bowdoin, Johns Hopkins and
Ann Arbor, and its conclusions are the
sober verdict of m-n skilled in economics,
some of them men of world-wide repu
tation.
The letters, on the whole, are the most
valuable data of their kind yet furnished
in the campaign, and we commend them
to our reader*. No one should overlook
them. A few professors here and there
may bo induced to contribute to the so
called "silver editions'' of Bryan organs,
but all such editions put together would
contain no such array of scholarly names
as those which appear In this symposium.
I recall, young men, my first vote. With
what a thrill of pride I exercised for the first
time (he full prerogative of citizenship. In the
crisis of war — in the very fitl d of conflict — my
first vote was cast for Abraham Lincoln. It is
to me a priceless memory. You, gentlemen,
did not have that privilege, but it having been
denied you then it will be some satisfaction to
you to vote for the party of Lincoln, which
rallied the young men of the country around
the banner of liberty, union and National
honor between 1860 and 1S6S, and now $um
mons you under the same glorious banner. —
HcKinley.
EMPLOYEES AND EMPLOTES.
In swinging away from the gold
standard, which it advocated awhile
ago, to silver monometallism, the San
Francisc > Examiner loses its hea;i
and goes to dangerous extremes.
The individual who seeks to disturb the
natural relation between employer and
employe by sowing seeds of distrust and
hatred is not a good citizen. Tne Exam
iner convicts itself out of its own mouth
every day of intent to drive the wedge of
suspicion in between capital and labor
that w.'ck and ruin may come upon
them. Yesterday's Examiner said editori
ally that candidate Bryan put "the case of
the laborer in a nutshell" when he said in
his Bridgeport (Conn.) speech that "Em
ployers don't pay wanes because they like
to; they pay wages because they have to."
The evil of Bryan's effort to lead
labor to look upon its employer as a high
wayman penetrated the simttlecock-like
mind of the Examiner long enough to
make it admit that Bryan used "revolu
tionary language," but it was only for h
moment. It immediately relapsed into its
former state of opposition of whatever is
calculated to promote peace and harmony
between the several faciors of the people's
social and industrial life. It is unfor
tuuate that such a declaration as was
Bryan's at Bridgeport should find
a defender in the Exdminer, (or It has
more or less influence in the community,
and such a doctrine works only for evil!
There was no occasion, there never will be
occasion in the United States when the
relation between employer and employe
would warrant §uch a declaration.
The life and the strength of our political,
social and industrial existence is the cheer
ful recognition by every one of the interde
pendence of t e peop.e in all their rela
tions. To charge that those who employ
men and women pay them wages only be
cause they have to is to proclaim to the
worla that American employers of labor
are robbers at heart, and were it possible
for them to deprive labor of all compen
sation they would gladly do it. The Ex
aminer, though as changeable as March
winds, would not reduce its employes to
euch a state of slavery. The presumption
is that it is pleased to compensate labor
well performed; but, on the other hand, it
says Bryan pots the case of labor in a
nutshell when he says "Employers don't
pay wages because they like to."
The truth of the matter is, as a rule,
the American employer of men not only
takes a keen delight in meeting his pay
roll promptly, but nothing pleases him
betier than to see his employes increase
their property accumulations from year to
year. Mr. Bryan and tb-s Examiner libel
both employer and employe. They libel
the first named because they put the
brand of would-be slave-drivers upon
them, and they libel wage-earners becau-p
they charge them with forcing wages to be
paid to them. The American wage-earner
is not a plunderer of the wage-payer. He
contracts his service and receives the pay
agreed upon; and, moreover, the percent
age of loss that wage-earners sustain by
rea»on of the failure of employers is so in
sigiiincant by comparison that they may
be said to lose nothing at all.
It is the unwritten law of every line of
employment in this country that wages
due have precedence over every other
claim, and not only so, but employers of
men, generally speaking, will make greater
sacrifices to meet their payrolls than for
any other purpose. The honor of the em
ployers of men in this country is pledged
to protect the wages of their employes at
the expense of everything else. Nor do
they do it because they have to, as Mr.
Bryan and the Examiner say, but because
their sense of right, their honor and their
manhood prompt them to do it. Ourem
ployers of men and women would need be
very low, thieving atd villainous creatures
if they paid wages only because they had
to. Mr. Bryan and the Examiner should
go out into the walks of America's field of
labor employment and see how mutual
good feeling and the spirit of live and let
live pie vails.
Start the factorietand put American ma
chinery in operation and there will not be an
idle man in the country who is willing and
able to work. There will not be an American
home where hunger and want will not disap
pear at once, and there will not be a farmer
who will not be cheered and benefited by his
improved home markets and by the better and
steadier prices for his products. Plenty and
prosperity will return to us again.—McKin
ley.
LINING UP TOR THE OOUNTBY'S
GOOD.
In the course of a speech to a visiting
delegation from a number of Grand Army
posts the other day Major McKinley said:
Yon were good citizens before you went to
the war; you were good soldiers In the war;
you have been good citizens ever since, stand
ing by the same old flag. Yon were patriots
then; you are patriots now. You know no
politics in your Grand Army posts. But you
know patriotism when you see It
General Sickles (a Democrat), General
Sigel (a Democrat) and a veritable grand
army of other Democrats are upon tne
stump urging their old-time comrades to
fall in line in defense of (he business in
terests of the country. There is no poli
tics in the efforts of these old soldiers to
secure the election of Major McKinley.
Any other man, whether he was an ex
soldier or not, would suit them just as
well if he stood for the honor and pros
perity of the country. No doubt the
Bryanites will charge that the G. A. R. is
being made a party machine to help elect
Major McKinley, but these same old
soldiers, Republicans and Democrats,
were charged with bting "partisans" in
1861, and the charge did not hart them a
bit.
It is very true that the cause of protec
tion aud prosperity, good money an'l
government under law, which old sol
diers are lining up for in 1896, ia not just
such a cause as they went to the front
to battle for in 1861, but principles of
government are being advocated in 1896
which would, if put in practical opera
tion, be as hurtful to the spirit of our in
stitutions as would those theories which
they went forth and battled against in
1861. Then it was the life of the Nation,
and now It is the integrity and good
name of the Nation. In 1861 the lines of
separation and contention were defined by
sectionalism, and in 1SU6 they are defined
by the boundaries of the Nation, and every
industry, enterprise and individual is in
volved. This old soldiers see and know,
anu hence it is that they are marching to
the defense of the wealth-making agencies
of the Nation whose life they saved a
third of a century ago.
If this were a campaign drawn on party
lines General Sickles and Sipel and the
hosts of other Democrats who are now
under the banner of Major McKinley
would be found ia their old political
camp; but they ee« that the issues which
the Bryans and the Altj<elds and the Till
mans have forced upon the country are no
more political in tueir character and pur
pose than were tbe issues in 1861. In no nar
row sense ii Major McKinley a soldier can
didate. He is a candidate who stands for
those principles of government which de
mand such conditions of existence for all
the people as shall be most conducive
to their material and social advantage.
Naturally, the soldiers of the war of 1861—
Repub.icans and Democrats — line them-
selves up on the side of issues whose
purpose is to defend the honor of the
Nation and give greater opportunity to
the people to profit by the employment of
their brain and Drawn and energy. It is
not "soldierism" that sends the veteran
soldiers to the support of Major McK.nley,
but it is the highest and truest patriotism,
because it is for the good of all the people.
AFFAIRS IN TURKEY.
The Gladstone speech at Liverpool was
a powerful plea for the right, and no
doubt it will be the means of pushing
the British Ministry to taking more de
cisive action in affording protection to
the Armenians against Turkish cruelty.
Nevertheless it must not be forgotten that
it was not Premier but Citizen Gladstone
who was talking, and there is a vast differ
ence between one in authority and one
having no authority in England when it
cornw to a public policy. It may be as
Mr. Gladstone says, that there would be
no danger of a serious protest from any
Christian nation were England to under
take to set Turkey right on her own ac
count, and no doubt public sentiment in
all Christian countries woud give the
Queen's Government plenty of moral sup
port, bat Salisbury knows that war with
Turkey might lead to the dismemberment
of the British empire itself.
It might be, as Mr. Gladstone says, that
no European war would follow British in
terference in Turkey, but that is not all
Salisbury has to take into consideration.
Probably 260,000,000 of the inhabitants of
the British empire are non-Christian,
that is, they have a religious faith quite
different from tnat which prevails in Eric
land; besides, not far from 100,000,000
of England's subjects and allies in Asia
and Africa are Mussulmen, and hence are
in close touch with the majority of the
Sultan's subjects in the matter of religious
faith. Just where these Mohammedan
subjects of Great Britain would be found
were the Porte to declare British interfer
ence a war upon Mohammedanism is a
question that requires careful considera
tion, and it would make any Premier con
servative.
That the Armenians are being treated
with great cruelty there is no doubt, but
it is a mistake to suppose them to be an
ignorant and always a submissive people.
Tne Armenians are the commercial men,
the bankers and the managers of nearly
all great business enterprises in the Porte's
empire. Armenian financiers have man
aged the monetary affairs of the nation
for generations and they are quite capable
af doing It. They »r- an aggressive peo
ple, but always on lines that lead to
j greater business expansion, and hence
wi, en people suppose that Turkey is deal
ing with poor, ignorant and supersiitious
subjects they are very much mistaken,
lnat, however, gives the Turks no right
to make killing Armenians holiday sport.
LCXMC OUT FOR THEM.
' Pasadena (star.
Look out for campaign lies la the Examiner!
mat la an enterprising journal/and "gets
w-.Mh* 1 '? la « st mendacity with an ability
r£?n *.^« cttor ause " You w111 find out
II out early ** tbat * r * aOt f °-» ud fl nd
TRUE BIMETALLISM.
Why the Advocate* of a Double Standard
Should Tote for MdHnlry and
Hobart.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Coll— Sir :
Since spying what I did on the 4tn of May
upon the question of the unlimited coinage of
silver and gold upon a ratio of 16 to 1, 1 have
had many friendly criticisms showing the
great need of e primary school upon the ques
tion that now absorbs the entire discussion on
the Democratic side of the pending campaign.
One aska, If a double standard, why not a
quadruple? Another says he is interested in
an iron mine and wants that placed in the field
of coins of ultimate redemption ,and asks why
not, if silver? To what base metals, if not
uses, may we not come at last in the discus
sion of the question of the restoration of one
of the two metals known throughout the ages
aa the measures of values, which simply means
for every 371}^ grains of silver and every 23.22
grains of gold each shall constitute a legal
dollar in tno payments 'of all debts, thereby
restoring the quantitative theory of coius for
ultimate redemption as before.
The enemies of the double standard, so
called, are very tenacious in their debate upon
the violation of contracts by the recoinage of
silver. They demand what was "nominated
in the bond." I have never heard of any ad
vocates of the recoinage of silver proposing
anything else. Our National bonds are pay
able in coin, and if it Can be shown that that
meaut gold coin only at the time oi their sale,
they must be so paid. Our California con
tracts are all made payable in gold under a
special law, and the contract must be kept in
violaie. Then let us repeal the law and re
pent in sack cloth and ashes for this act, regis
tered in the history of our Civil WHrasihe
only State which refused to accept the legal
tender paper of onr country, sanctioned by
Congress and upheld by the Supreme Court as
being as great a necessity for the hour as a
life-preserver is upon a sinking ship. That act
will ever remain the one great stain upon Cal
ifornia's loyalty. Had we sold our gold at the
premium prevailing during ; he war that would
Lave represented solid value to-day, and
would have: brought to our coast a large immi
gration that was discouraged by the discount
upon the ir legal tendency currency.
The restoration of silver would destroy the
equity oi contracts, we are told; not if the
parity is maintained; and if it is not, let the
debtor make good ihe difference in existing
contracts only. Did not the demonetization
destroy the equity then? Lincoln beiore he
pronounced in.- emancipation proclamation
gave the insurgents a hundred diiys to lay
down their arms aDd to return to their alle
giance; then he would recommend to the Gov
ernment the appointment of a commission, to
value their property iu slaves, and pay them
for them. No, they said; we have staked our
hopes upon the establishment of a govern
ment, with slavery as its corner-stone, and we
propose to stand the hazard of the die. They
uid and lost. How was it with the silver miner
and the debtor classes? Were they given a
hundred days' notice before the passage of the
demonetization act of '73? Not an hour, if
we are to believe Carlisle, Blaine, Beck and
Garfield, or Judge Cottin oi our own city, then
a member of Con^rrss from Iowa. But it was
done with an apparent secrecy, well calculated
to question the purity of motives of tho^e con
cerned in its p*ssaee. Can such a uuestiou soon
be eliminated from the forum of public discus
s.ou wheu a large number of our cit zens hold
that the country has buffered as great a loss
iu dollars irom this repeal as they did from
the Civil War?
The two great parties both claim to be bi
metallism. Both desire the recoinage of sil
ver, but by different methods. The Demo
cratie-Populistic party says the only way is to
"pass a law." Like the great and good Horace
Greeley who, sound upon everything but
finance, said "the only way to resume is to re
sume," some years beiore the Government had
a reserve sufficient to secure its success. A
suspended banker knows better than to under
take to resume until he has an ample reserve.
So with recoinage; we must have a reserve;
that means the concurrent action among the
nations; not all, but a number that hold at
least 75 tier cent of the silver of the world.
Dr. Otto Arendt, a member of the Prussian
Ilou>e of Deputies and a member of the silver
com mission oi 1894, says the time of monetary
polemics has passed. The question with them
is already settled, whether silver is to be
restored to its free use as a world's money, but
the question now Is with them how is it to be
done? We will soon seud you our How, he
says. That is what our country is now waiting
lor, says the Republican party, and the prac
tical settlement of this question will be
readied through the wisdom of that party.
McKinley, when elected, and ot which I
have no doubt, will stand in regard to this
question as Lincoln did in regard to the war
and the emancipation proclamation. He said
this wai a war for the Union with slavery if
needa be, but for the Union without slavery if
we must. McKinley will work, he says iu his
letter of aci • ptauce, 'or an international
agreement and co-operation, and failing iu
that he will approve, I believe, any measure
for the reinonetization of silver that the rep
resentatives of the people may j. roc, aim.
Tiiis should be a campaign of education, not
crimination. "Error of opinion may be tol
etated where reason is left tree to combat it.
We may often go wrong through error of juda
me:.t, when right may be often thought wrong
by those whose position does not command
full view of all the ground," said Jefferson.
An honest difference of opinion upon the pub
lic policy of our country upon ail quest ons
shouid always be applauded. One of the most
satisfactory results of this discussion is the
breaking up aud disintegration oi the Demo
cratic party.
They can no longer be called Bourbons, and
hencu a menace to popular government. It
was said of Senator Newton Booth that be
stepped from behind his counter and broke up
two great parties in this State. This silver
discussion is doiug in the Nation what the
Senator did in this State; if not breaking tnem
up, it is making political iriends of antagon
ists of fifty jears' standing. 1 prefer to an
swer to the rollcall from tnat party, which, in
addition to its resolution to do all it can for
the remonetizationoi silver in a practical way
and placing it in its historic place as a coin o*f
ultimate redemption, on a parity with gold,
pro oses to protect our own workshops and
fields, so that the rejoicing may be heard at
home, when the champion of the cause of
protection visits them, instead of reading in
our cable dispatches of the hospitality of Bir
mingham and Manchester being extended
and accepted by the author of our free trade
or tariff for revenue only laws, when he crosses
the Atlantic.
I shall vote the Republican ticket because I
believe in the continuance oi the National
banks, which the Democratic party opposes.
It opposes a banking system t:, at has been
tried for a third of a century and not one of ita
bills in all this time lias been lost to its holder,
while it would have Uie Government do the
banking for the country; it proposes to own
and operate the ritllruud and telegraph and
telephone lines. The historic record oi the
Republican parly is lull of acts for the better
ment of our common rountrymen. Whenever
it has ha«l control of the legislative and execu
tive departments of the Government, it has
met the embarrassing needs of the country
with a wisdom that challenges our admira
tion. The movement towards reciprocity of
trade relations with our neighbors of North
and south American States, is itself sufficient
to awaken the voters of this country to a de
sire to replace them in power again to the end
tnat the benefits to accrue therefrom may be
enjoyed.
1 am a Republican because I deplore the
strain now made upon popular government by
the war every four years waged by a hundred
thousand outs against a hundred thousand
ins.
It Is sad to contemplate what would bathe
condition of alike contention when 600,000
oflic.s. which would be required when tne cor
porative property proposed to be acquired and
operated by the Government, were the prize
to be battled for every four years should the
theory of tne Democratic-Pouulistlc pro
gramme be carried out. 1 am a Repbblican
further because I believe in what Blaise said,
"that politics is intelligent selfishness." I
have a paternal interest in a person who owns
and operates a prune ranch. Under the Mc-
Kinley tariff of 2 cents per pound he sold his
crop at a price that gave him a living profit;
then he and his employes were contented.
Then, whenever I visited his orchard, I was
received with a cheerfulness incident to pros
perity, and now, since the tariff repeal under
the Democratic rule, he is obliged to sell the
product of his orchard for less than one-half
the former price, and now my reception has a
free-trade solemnity about it common to the
aiiuuhl meeting of stockholders in manufac
turing establishments throughout our country.
I do trust in the wisdom aud sober sense of
the fruit-growers and the struggling manu
facturers of this country, and that by their
votes the McKinley tariff may again be the law
of the land, to the end that our former pros
perity maybe at least in parts restored. What
a convincing object lesson it does seem to me
it would be to these moiiometallUts and free"
traders it they would leave their counting
rooms and their studies and staud by the gate
ot some of our farmers and interview the soli
tary traveler while taking his "views on foot"
of our State. The "tale of the traveler" has
not the romance of a Bayard Tayloror a Wash
ington Irving, but it would set them thinking
as It has me. That person or that party that
can give these lone tourists work and content
ment would be the benefactors of their race be
'hey monometallic, bimetallism free-trader or
high protectionist.
The question for the voter now to decide is.
Which party is the most hopeful in fruitful re-
Mil »? All philosophy teaches us that we are to
judge the future only by the past. Was Harri
son's administration, guided ami controlled as
it was in its fiscal policy by the McKinley
tariff, more satisfactory tnan Cleveland's under
tne Wilson bill? He that "runs can read" the
answer to that question. At this election I
consider it the duty of every citizen to support
that party so that its success will be a rebuke
to the. Cnicago platform, which assails the
President of the United States for performing
his sworn duty in seeing to it that no deU y or
danger should come to the United States mails
in their transmission throughout the country.
This one act 01 President Cleveland covers a
multitude of faulu of omission and commis
sion. Their oilier criticism of our Supreme
Court is, to say the least, bud, for
Who ever felt the halter draw,
With good opinion of the law?
Mark Shkldok.
San Francisco. Sept. 24, 1896.
CALIFORNIAWi iN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. Y., Sent. 26.— At the West
minster, Mr. and Mrs. Victor J. Shawley, child
and maid; Holland— D. W. Hallen; 8t. Denis-
Mr, and Mrs. W. D. Keys ton; Belvidere— O.
Lohari; Mariborough— A. J. Poston.
PERSONAL
Burton Prince of Santa Rosa is in town.
Dr. K. M. Lundborg of Ukiah is at the Palace.
Ex-Judge A. J. Hull of Napa is on a visit
bere.
Giles Whiting of New York arrived here yes
terday.
H. Trimingham, a merchant of Bonora, is at
the Kuss.
James Cowan, a vineyardist of Sonoma, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
W. D. Mack, a business man ot Hoquiam,
Wash., is at the Lick.
George D. Poorman of Sacramento is here on
a short business trip.
Charles F. Bolhutt, a land-owner of New Or
leans, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Supervisor G. C. Coker of Auburn is on a
visit here and is at the Russ.
Colonel Thomas C. Marceaa is recovering
from an attack of pneumonia.
Among the arrivals at the Baldwin it W. A.
Pinkerton, the Chicago detective.
Thomas Dugall, proprietor of a large store
at Marysville, is at the Lick accompanied by
his family.
John Beatie, a business man of Greenville,
Plumas County, is at the Russ accompanied
by his wife.
M. J. Cameron, A. L. Cameron and R. H. Hix
of Salt Lake City, capitalists, are stopping at
the Cosmopolitan.
The Rev. Dr. Joseph H. Johnson, Bishop of
the Episcopal church for the Southern Diocese
of California, is at the Occidental.
George Brown of Greenock, Scotland, accom
panied by his son, Robert Brown, an old resi
dent of Healdsburg, are at the Cosmopolitan.
United States Judge W. B. Gilbert of Oregon
arrived here yesterday and is at the Occi
dental. He has come to attend the opening
session of court.
The Rev. W. A. M. Breck, assistant pastor of
St. John's M. E. Church, is at the SU Luke's Hos
pital, suffering from a fractura of tha jaw,
caused by being thrown from a horse.
Colonel H. G. Shaw, the newspaper man of
StocKton, is among the arrivals at the Grand.
Colonel Shaw is delivering able speeches in
favor of MeKinley throughout the State.
F. S. Macomber, the pioneer of Sonora, who
is said to resemble Disraeli in a most striking
degree, is at the Palace. Mr. Macomber has a
very large acquaintance on the Pacific Coast,
Captain J. F. Berton, formerly commander
of the mission ship Evanalia, lately wrecked,
and now a missionary appointed by his church
for Tahiti, is at the Occidental en route to his
post
United States Marshal J. S. Williams of
Paris, Tex., who has broken up some of tha
worst gangs of outlaws on the Texas border,
has been spending a few days here for a
change of sceue. He is one of the best-known
men in Texas.
James Dishart, for five years past connected
with the firm of Balfour, Guthrle & Co., Ta
coma, is in the City. He says business is ex
tremely dull at Tacoma, with no immediate
indication oi its improving. However, as
everybody concedes that it will get no worse he
believes after the election things may take &
new turn. ____^______^_
INCONSISTENCIES EXPOSEE
>'apa Register.
The Call devotes considerable space to the j
showing up of Millionaire Hearst's free coinage |
record, and in doing so quotes freely from the |
Examiner of dates not very far back. Here Is a
sample paragraph. It show* how strongly the
Examiner was against freo coinage June 27.
1895:
The free coinage of sliver under proper Inter
national agreement would help our trade with all
the world, but iree coinage by this country aione,
unlf-ss It succeeded in bringing both metals to a
t>arii>', which would hardly T>e possible, would
certainly Injure our commerce with countries
having the gold s andard. We see the same effect
now In countries that arc on a silver basis. The
fluctua'lons In the price of silver so disturb inter
national exchange as to make trade between gold
and silver using countries partake of the nature of
a gamble. All the 1 rofl.s of a transaction may be
wiped out by a change in the silver mark t, or, on
the other hand, they may oe doubled. This is a
discouragement to legitimate commerce and tends
to put trade in the han is, of speculators.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Lord Bute has lately been makiug some par
chases of land in Jerusalem.
Lord Salisbury is 66 years of age. He spent
fifteen years in the House of Commons, and
has been twenty-four years in the House of
Lords.
A Mrs. Post, who was born in Prussia and
saw Napoleon's retreat from Moscow, now
lives in Dearborn County, Ind. She is 102
years old.
The Due de Nemours died In the apartment
of a hotel in Versailles in which Dom Pedro,
the dethroned Emperor of Brazil, lived for a
time af ler he was exiled.
The late M. de Goncourt, who hated ordinary
costume, had expressed a wish to be dressed
out in a white robe for burial, since "he did
not wish to appear before God dressed like a
fool," but his friends did not comply with his
request.
Herbert Spencer, the philosopher, had a ter
rible struggle to gain the ear of the public. On
three occasions he was about relinquishing all
his plans, when he was led to persevere by a
It. gHcy, which in each case came just as he was
on ihe point of despair.
An old lady in Brussels, who recently cele
brated her hundredth birthday, relates that
when Napoleon passed through her native vil
lage of Fumay, in 1810, a peasant having
fallen on his knees to ask a favor, the Emperor
said : "Get up, and never Kneel except to God !"
It is reported in theatrical circles that there
has been another d'.ssolu'ion of the Gilbert-
Suliivan partnership, and that the piece which
will : ucceed "The Mikado" will not be by Mr.
Gilbert, but by a well-known actor and writer
of comedy in collaboration with Sir Arthur
Sullivan.
a few years ago it was a favorite speculation
to insure the Hie of the Prince of Wales. On
his death hundreds of people who have noth
ing to do with him will, on this account, re
ceive enormous sums of money from various
insurance companies. It was a strange fad
but a wise one withal.
The Crown Princess of Denmark, Princess
Maud's mother-in-law, is the tallest Princess
in Europe, and has a magnificent physique
being as strong as a man. In her girlhood she
underwent a thorough course of gymnastic ex
ercises, following the method which is known
In England as the Swedish system.
Thomas Atwater Jerome, who died at New
Brighton. Staten Island, a few days ago, in his
eighty-seventh year, belonged to the well
known Jerome family, and was second of a
family of nine children. His brothers were
the late Lawrence, Leonard and Addison G
Jerome, all well-known clubmen In New York
His wiie was Miss Emma Vanderbilt.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
The Medical Record has an article on "Bi.
cycle Fright." It iefers to a state of mind, and
not to some of the costumes, as one might nat
urally suppose.— Minneapolis Journal.
Teacher-What is the meaning of the sen
tence, "They fared forth?"
Tommy— It— it means that they ate at the
fourth table.— Indianapolis Journal.
"This," said the learned Egyptologist, tri
umphantly, "proves that a republican form of
government ouce existed in this land, xhis
f man was a candidate lor the Presidency— the
right leg of the mummy is a foot longer than
the left one."
A page was added to ancient history.— >ew
York Truth.
A broad, broad smile dear Willie wears,
Of his facn It'a a regular twister.
His bicycle suit is two sizes too small
To bo worn by his athletic sister.
— Indianiipolls Journal.
Brown— Our minister spoke at length last
Sunday on our financial situation.
Robin son— That is hardly a proper subject
for a clergyman.
Brown-It isn't, eh? When the interest on
the church mortgage is three months over
due?—Brooklyn Life.
MAKING NO HEADWAY.
The Wasp.
The Examiner is making no headway in its
political fight against The Call. That jour
nal is showing how the adoption of free diver
at 16 to 1 would put $400,000 a year into Mr.
Hearst's pocket. Anybody who thinks
000 a year is not an object to the Examiner
should i-emember how much it did for the
railroad when it got only $12,000 a year sub
sidy and what a kick it Is making since it .
lost it.
AN AU1UMN WAIST.
A waist of black novelty goods with dashes
of blue of a rather bright shade is shown
above. The vest top was of blue velvet over>
laid with white lace. Revers of black satin
are edged with ruffles of white lace, and a belt
of black finished the waist.
Another waist after the same model was ot
taffetas in the many toned effects now shown;
the vest was of heavy white lace over cream
satin; the revers were of the silk edged with
lace.
A waist of blue serge had the vest of apple
ereen .silk heavily braided in biack in adesin
of conventional leaves and flowers. The revers
were also of the green silk, but braided in rows
set on quite close.
DOES NOT EXPLAIN.
Woodland Mali.
The Call's article showing the heavy inter*
ests of the Hearst estate in silver mines, and
incidentally why the Examiner and its twin
brother, the New York Journal, are so strongly
in favor of free silver, has caused the Monarch
to squeal, and it attempts to give an explana- .
tion that does not explain. The Call's article -
goes a long way toward showing up the •
hypocrisy of young Hearst and his two papers. :
E. II. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street •
• — — ' •
California glace fruits, 50c a pound, in Japan
ese baskets. Townsend's, Palace Hotel bldg.*
• — ♦ »
Special Information daily to manufacturin. • '
business houses and publio men by the Preu
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
In the country districts of Prussia the •
crab-apple blossom is the emblem of in
constancy.
Are You Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Hail road— w*
route— Is the coolest and most comfortable sa-n
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families becanse of Its palace draw-
Ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleep!
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
! Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
I charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
I Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
• — — »
Great Rock Island Route Playing Cards.
Send 13 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C K. I. and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be seat you
postpaid.
Orders containing 60 cents in stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
• m »
lit your complaint is want of appetite try half a
wine glass of Dr. Siegerfs Angostura Bitters be
fore meals.
• * «
Tas hair cannot flourish unless the scalp is
kept In good condition. Ayer*s Hair Vigor gives
universal satisfaction as a dressing.
• — * — » ,
Ir afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. I/ruggtsts sell It at 25 cents.
• — «. — ■» —
It is estimated that 130,000,000 oysters
are yearly received at Liverpool from
abroad.
SEW TQ.DAT.'
WHYNOT
ATTEND OUR SALE OF
SILVER-PLATED WARE
THOSE WHO KNOW
Say THat Our Prices Are Right.
6 Plated Knives and Forks «i 50
6 Nickel Tea Spoons .. ,". 33
6 Nickel Table Spoons or Forks' '.'.'.'.'.'. '.'.'.'.'. 75
5-Bottle Caster, Engraved Bottles.....! 128
Cake Basket, Nicely Engraved. " 1 45
Pickle Caster...... ........' """••• x 9 q
Berry Dish, Plated Frame...!!.. ""* 145
Butter Dish, Heavy Pate- -•••... 1 50
Plate! Cups !",."! !! °g
Child's 6ets, 3 pieces .....!!!!.'.*.....'."...." IV
**■ RAZORS and SHEARS ground br
■Killed mechanics, a specialty.
&18-8Z0 MARKET ST.
$75 ™ 4 ROOMS
** %J CONSISTING OP
3?'U«."WX i a?XJ3a3E3
PARLOR.BEBRQQMNCROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard...... .....CO Cents
0.1 Cloth, per yard.. «5 Cents
Matting, per yard.. 10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces S «5 00
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 8£5 00
T. BRILLIANT,
4IO POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Ciuioru*! Mailed Tn*.
05* Freo Piciicj md Dtli ve rj acron tiM ft*FREE SILVER flEAttS RUM
One of the most novel, interesting and
Valuable contributions to the literature of
the National campaign is found in the
. opinions of a number of eminent college
professors throughout the Union, who
have made specific replies to questions
them some weeks ago by Messrs. F.
V. Brooks and R. H. Morrow, two studi
ous young attorneys of San Francisco, who
are interested in coming to a rational solu
tion of the money question.
The professors :iddxessed were all men
of undoubted ability and standing, and
Their replies were nearly all unreservedly
. against the singular economic views of
"the boy orator of the Platte," William
■Jennings Bryan. The men whose lives
; . have been spent in the realm of cold login
and the accuracies oi exact science are not
readily misled by the chimeras that hyp
. Jiotize the Bryan type cf intellectuality.
• In order that the reader may thoroughly
understand the history of the correspond
, ence it is enough to say that the following
letter addressed to the various professors
.brought forth the responses subjoined:
6a* Francisco, Cal., June 22, 1896.
• . .T° Prqfawr Economic Department,
University-DzjiR Sir: Two college wen from
Stanford University and University of Califor
nia, having discussed the sliver question from j
opposite Standpoints, are desirous of securing i
• a consensus pf opinion of the professors of our
. . American colleges. In accordance with this
■ desire we address this letter to you, asking If
\ . you will be bo kind as to favor us with a brief
"..reply as to the conclusions that you have
_ reached and now hold regarding this subject.
We fee' that a statistical account of the let
ters received in answer to this circular letter
. will be a material factor in the discussion of
. this «ubject. If for any reasons you desire
'. your name to be withheld we assure you that
your wish will be respected. Yours very truly,
R. H. Morrow.
• F. V. Brooks.
• . The following reply from the eminent
Profeseor James A. Quarles of Washington
.and Lee University is submitted first, be
cause a more detailed letter followed in
reply to earnest queries from the young
men who instituted the investigation.
Professor Quarles said:
Washington and Lee University, )
Lexington, Va., July 2, 1896. |
. Matrt. Brookt and Morrow, 6'an Francisco, Vol.
■ • Dear Sirs: In reply 10 yours of the 25tu ult.
I think:
1. That measure of values is the basic money
function.
2. That monometallism, so far as this meas
ure or standard function goes, has always pre
- Tailed and must do so.
3. That gold is now (and has been in the
United States since 1834) the single standard
of the civilized world and will protab.y remain
BO.
4. That the medium of exchange is the sec
.- ' ondary function of money.
5. That polymetallism. so far as the medium
function goes, is desirable and practically
necessary. The Uuited States finds it con
venient to use gold, silver, nickel and bronze.
. • . 6. That all coins except those made from
■' the standard metal are token money, and as
such are credit money to the amo unt of their
depreciation below the standard.
7. That silver, by reason of its cheapness, is
not as fit as gold for the standard metal.
8. That silver is indispensably useiul as a
medium for exchanges, not the largest nor the
' smallest.
. 9. That the United States should not change
". ' from the gold to the silver standard.
• 10. That the legal tender power of the silver
dollar should be limited to debts of $100.
..11. That the United States have more
silver dollars now coined than they can econo
mically use, havine at leasl fifty times as many
. as they had in 1S73.
12. That the United States have more silver
money tian they can economically use, leav
ing out the fractional coins, having at least
seventy times as much as in 1373.
13. That the free and unlimited coinage of
full legal tender stiver at 16 to 1 by the Uuited
States would lead to silver monometallism,
would withdraw from circulation In the
United States til gold money, would thus con
tract the currency, would diminish the value
of wages, salaries, annuities, savings' deposits,
life insurance policies, etc., and would be a
harvest for speculators, brokers and moneyed
men, and correspondingly disastrous to the
financially weak.
14. That the United States Government
should cease to Issue pap3r money and thus
Stop acting as a bank of foreign exchange.
15. That all banks of issue should be char
tered under National law.
16. That the present distress is not due to a
lack of money, of which the United States have
more than twice as much in circulation as in
1873, and certainly not of silver money, but
is doe to a fear in the business world that the
United States may adont the iree-silver policy.
This is my financial creed. Sincerely yours,
JAME8 A. QCABLES,
Professor of Economics, W. and L. U.
The inquirer was not fully satisfied, so
he wrote the following letter, which
. brought a more detail-d response:
San Francisco, July 13, 1896.
Proft»*or James A. Quartet, Professor of Eco
nomic: W. and L. University— D^kV. mr: Of all
the replies Mr. Marrow and myself have re
ceived up to date yours -appeals to me the
strongest. The concise ana logical way you
expre*sed your conclusloas is admirable if not
convincing. I want to thank you for your
trouble and courtesy in so replying to our
■ letter and further ask your indulgence. I cast
eij first vote at this election, and liice many
other young men I want to cast it on the side
■ of intelligence and honesty. To this end I
have read everything and listened to every
body that had anything to say about this
'monetary question. Digesting these thoughts
the best I can I am still in doubt. Though in
clined to favor silver or bimetallism as enun
ciated in the Democratic National platform I
would be instantly a most earnest advocate
ior "KOld as a single standard" cou'd I reach
the conclusion that such were right and best.
As a mere lad 1 would not presume to criticize
your letter, but I do venture upon your kind
ness to ask a furtn<*r expianatiou of paragraph
13 of your letter (I see that you kept a copy
of your letter). In what way or how would
"free and unlimited coinage of full legal
tender silver at 16 to 1 lead to silver mono
nietalli*m"?— "and contract currency"?—"di
minish the value of wages, etc." T— "and would
be a harvest to speculators, brokers and mon
eyed men and correspondingly disastrous to
the financially weak"?
I infer from paragraph 6 that you hold that
there are two kinds of money, money and
token money; money of intrinsic value and
token money, that is, money representative
of money to the amount of its depreciation be
low the standard, and, I presume, money to
the extent of its intrinsic value. Am I correct
in this interpretation?
If the civilized world adopted bimetallism,
would not silver have an intrinsic value as
permanent as gold, our present adopted stan
dard? Ii «o, then, does not the Government
stamp have iomethin< to do witii the intrin
sic value of monetary metals, and especially
here, of silver? If, then, our Government
recognized silver as money ('ull legal tender
of intrinsic value— not token money), would
this not give it an increased intrinsic valne in
Europe and all over the world?
You say (in paragraph 6) that all coins other
than those made from the standard metal are
token money to the amount of their deprecia
tion below the standard. You say (in para
graph 3). **><* we all admit, that gold is now
the standard. Certainly silver has not always
been so depreciated. Has not this depreciation
of silver below gold (the standard) been partly
if not largely caused by legislation of Govern
ments! I { B0 > cannot legislation act in the
opposite direction nowT
Again, in paragraph 8 yon say "that silver is
indispeii-ably useful as a medium for ex
changes," though you limit it by further
adding "not the largest nor the Bmaliest."
Economically speaking, does not all the
civilised world want bimetallism? Is it not
better if itcould be adopted? The platforms of
Gal nr\ Verdict b\j/\rr\ericar\
. Go liege professors
Cornell, Williams, Vassar, Yale, /\r\r\ /\rbor ;
ar\d Princeton Authorities /Ire /III
for Sound Money
! our American political parties show that all the
j United States want bimetallism. Our parties
only differ as to the method of securing bi
metallism. It It i* better it resolves itself, to
I my mind, in this one question : (an the United
I States alone force this principle (which all
j nations at one time recognized and the United
| Slates and others now want) upon the civilized
I world? Are we commercially strong enough
I to lead out and fight for this principle of bi
! metaliism until it is again recognized? My
youth and consequent enthusiasm may ac
j count for my present Inclined belief that wo
can. If our legislation will not give silver an
; increased intrinsic value all over the world,
i and any of the foreign Governments, envious
i of our prosperity or actuated by financial gain
or any other reason, fight our intended help to
the cause of bimetallism by flooding us with
j the still depreciated silver (silver which has
1 not increased in intrinsic value since our
legislation in its behalf) cannot the United
States put a tariff on foreign bullion and close
it out of our markets? Cannot we punish
them besides by shutting out, in the same
way, their goods and manufactures? Cannot
the great doctrine of reciprocity be applied
here?
Please pardon the length of this letter, as
well as any misconception* here stated. My
excuse is that I am anxious to know. Feeling
that a reply from you will not only be a great
benefit to me but to many others who will
read it, I hope you may have the time to spare
for an answer. Sincerely yours,
F. V. Brooks.
In reply, Professor Quarles further ex
emplified his position by the following
answer:
Staunton, Va., July 23, 1896.
F. V. Brooks, San Francisco, Cat— Dear Sir:
I appreciate your kind words. I am an old
Democrat, and as such take pleasure in ad
dressing one just entering the lists.
The free and unlimited coinage of silver as
lull legal tender at 16 to 1 would produce
silver monometallism by the operation of
Gresham's law that the poorer drives out the
better. We should at once drop to the silver
| standard, and a<> gold would not buy here a
I gold dollar's worth it would go to Europe,
where it is valued on its merits. This would
deprive us of $GOO,000,000 of money, and thus
i produce contraction. This would also lessen
! the value of all wages and salaries, because
they would not rise in proportion to the fall
of the current moiiev, and in many cases
would not rise at all, because fixed by law,
custom, etc.; e. g., 1 would still get $2400
i salary, which is now equal to gold, but which
would then have only the value of silver.
This change of standard would derange prices
and furnish the opportunity to the sharp and
shrewd, while the weaker classes financially
would be their victims.
Yes, there are several kinds of money: Real
standard money, gold; token money, bronze,
nickel and silver; substitute money, gold cer
tificates; and credit money, treasury notes
and national bank currency.
It is not in the power of governments, singly
or combined, to give value to anything. If
they can create one dollar of value they can
create a billion of dollars of value; and, if so,
what need of levying of taxes to meet their
expenses? Our trade-dollar, with more silver
than the legal tender, was worth SOcents when it
was withdrawn; that is, its bullion value.
Green bacKS in 1864 were worth as little as 25
cents on the dollar. These show that the
Government stamp does not give value.
The silver dollar is now worth 100 cents, for
the same reason that the greenback is
worth 100 cents, because the Govern
ment backs both with its credit. But the
Government cannot back an unlimited amount
of notes nor of silver. If the civilized world
should agree to the free and unlimited coinage
of silver, silver would doubtless appreciate
somewhat by the increased demand for it. This,
however, would not make Its value permanent
noi bear the fixed ratio of 16 to 1 to gold. All
civilization agrees to the free and unlimited
use of wheat and rice, and yet their values and
ratio are not permanent. There would be less
loss and danger to us it all nations agreed to
the unlimited use of silver, because the loss
would not be so great and would be distributed.
There seems no present prospect of such un
limited international use.
Bo far as legislation affects the demand for
an article so far it affects its value. Trie shut
ting of the mints of the civilized world against
silver has doubtless affected the use and con
sequent value of silver. This, however, has
not caused its great depreciation, which is due
to the conviction of the civilized world that
silver in not suitable by reason of its bulk and
abundance to be the standard money. There
can be but one standard, and gold is recog
nized as the best metal for that purpose.
There are two uses for money. First— a
! measure of values. For this use we must have
a monometallic standard, because no two
things bear a constant ratio to each other.
For this reason the civilized world believes
and adopts gold monometallism.
Second— Money is used as an actual medium
of exchanges In settling balances. For this
gold is used in the largest transactions, silver
In those of a medium character, nickel and
i bronze for petty penny purchases. Paper is
more used than they all for making ex
changes. We want many metals and paper
for actual trading, but we want but one metal
for the measure. Gold is too valuable to be
made into cents and so is silver. Silver suits
for dollars, halves, quarters and dimes. Nickel
and bronze »re too base for dollars, but make
good half dimes and cents.
Our present troubles are not due to a lack of
money, still less to a lack of silver, because we
have now over twice as much money as we had
in 1873, the golden age of the silverite; be
cause, again, In 1873 we had not a single dol
lar of silver in circulation, and had up to that
time coined only about 8,000,000 of silver dol
ors in all our history, and now have about
$600,000,000 of silver money which is a full
legal tender for all debts. We are suffering
from a plethora not from a lack of silver. It
is the agitation for free silver which is the
main cause of our present distress, because
the business of the world is in the hands of
gold men, who will not risk an enlargement
of business with a possible silver crisis con
fronting them.
You see that I have written hurriedly and
away from home. If you will get the February
and March, 1895, numbers. of the American
Magazine of Civics, published at New York, you
will find my views at length.
As a patriot I cannot vote for the Democratic
ticket this fail. As I believe the Republicans
responsible for our present legislation, which
I consider fatally defective, it is doubtful
whether I can bring myself to support them,
even in their present plight, for what I believe
to be essential to our welfare— the continuance
of the gold standard. Sincerely yours,
James a. Quarles.
It is interesting to know that of those
wbo'made reply to the letters of inquiry
eighteen professors declared without re
serve in lavor of gold, seven were for in
ternational bimetallism, four were for free
silver and two were doubtful.
One of the strongest i old men heard
from was the eminent Professor William
G. Sumner of Yale, who said::
New Haven, Conn., Sept. 2.
2 am a gold juonometnins t— regard a concur
i
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
rent circulation of gold and silver as equally
impossible with perpetual motion and nn in
ternational agreement as a chimera. Yours
truly, w. G. Summer.
From Professor Henry J. Emery of Bow
doin College, Maine, came the following
clear expression of opinion:
Brunswick. Me., July 25.
I believe the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1
would be disastrous to all business; that it
would be an outright depreciation of the
standard and result In silver monometallism.
H. J. Emery.
Professor T. W. Carner of Oberlin said:
Independent free coinage by the United
States would be unadvisable, therefore the
thing for us to do at the present time is to
come over unreservedly to the gold standard
and stay there. • • • Independent free
coinage would put us on a silver basis. So far
as I know tnis is not disputed by any econo
mist of scientific standing, and even if it is
disputed it is capable of pretty clear demon
j stration. Of course we could get along on a
silver basis, but I think the single gold basis
{ preferable to the single silver basis, because
the bulk of our commerce is with gold-using
countries. The great objection to going over
to the silver basis is the difficulty of making
I the change. It would greatly unsettle credits
I and, in my opinion, piecipitate us in such a
panic as this country has never experienced.
Those who would be benefited by such a panic
would be, as is always the case, those whose
business is speculation and who make their
j money by taking advantage of fluctuating
I prices and unsteady markets.
This class would come out of such a panic
greatly enriched at the expense of legitimate
| producers; besides business would be para
lyzed for a time and a great waste of produc
tive energy would result. All this could be
j borne if the end to be secured were woith it,
! but 1 do not believe that we would be as well
I off on a silver basis as on a gold one, and the
| cost of making the change would therefore be
more than a waste.
Professor Arthur J. Collier of the Ore
eon University said among other things:
My conclusions are that the safest course
for this country is to maintain the gold stand
ard or to continue the present policy.
Professor Holmes of the University of
Virginia declared himself in favor of the
i present system, referring to a number of
volumes in support of the system andcon
! eluding as follows:
8o long as the silver controversy is agitated
there can be no restoration of business pros
i perity. Free coinage of silver at 16 to 1 would
soon drain the treasury, bankrupt the Nation
and nearly every debtor and creditor in it
The following from Ann Arbor is one of
; the most conservative letters received:
I 1 .-^ ., : i Ann Arbor, July 18. . |
' The formal instruction in the science of
money in the University of Michigan is given
by Associate Professor F. M. Taylor, and he
advocates very strongly a single standard gold
basis. Personally I believe in international
! bimetallism, because I think that a gradually
! depreciating monetary standard is necessary to
continued prosperity. Henry C. Adams.
The following from Brown University is
another conservative reply:
Providence, R. I., July 13. 1896.
I believe the attempt on the part of the
I United States to carry through free coinage of
| silver at 16 to 1 would probably, it seems to
I me, drive gold out of circulation and leave us
: on a silver basis— a most undesirable result —
1 and temporarily a; least result in a very seri
ous business depression. The United States
would make a grave mistake if it should act
I alone. Yours truly, Henry B. Gardner.
From the Vanderbilt University, Nash
ville, Tenn., came the following:
Nashville; Tenn., July 13.
I believe our present business depression is
due to many other causes besides possible
I defect in the gold standard, silver agitation
and threat of change of standard. I believe
that such a change of standard as would be
precipitated by the lree coinage of silver at
any ratio less than the market ratio would do
serious and immediate damage from which we
could not recover in a decade. I doubt
whether silver would ultimately make as good
a standard as gold; I feel certain that chang
ing will be far more disastrous for the imme
dime future than retaining the gold standard.
j I believe the silver agitation ought to be
stopped at once. Then we might hope to im
prove our banking laws and remove the
"other" causes of depression and perhaps dis
cover whether we really do need to change
from gold to a bimetallic or silver monomet
allic standard. While I doubt I am open to
conviction on this point. I believe we ought
not to change unless it is necessary. I do not
think the necessity has yet been proved or can
be proved while we are agitating for a change.
While I very firmly believe in Democracy
and in submission to the dictum of the ma
jority of intelligent voters, I beg to inquire
whether you oelieve the voters of the United
States can, next November, dispassionately
and intelligently decide to flee from the ills
we have to those we know not of ? Respect
fully, Frederick W. Moore.
Professor Winthrop More Daniels of
Princeton is opposed to free coinage, and
he gives the following, among other rea
sons, for his opinions:
Princeton, July 2.
In reply to your inquiries I would say:
First, I am opposed to the free coinage of
silver at any ratio by the United Slates Gov
ernment alone. Second, I am opposed to any
law embodying the principle common to the
Bland-Allison and Sherman acts of bulling
the price of silver by Government purchase.
Third, while admitting the possibility of suc
cessful International bimetallism, provided a
number of favorable circumstances chance to
occur, I am skeptical of the possibility or
utility of international bimetallism at the
present time. Fourth, I believe the fall in the
value of silver— relative to gold— is due both
to conditions governing the production of
silver and to the demonetization of that metal.
Fifth, while admitting that In circumstances,
such as aebts of long standing, the general
fall In prices has produced hardship, I believe,
in general, such hardship has been grossly
over-estimated, and that the steadiness or rise
in money incomes— in gold— has
fully offset losses occasioned by the fall of
prices. Yours very sincerely,
Winthrop More Daniels.
Here is a shot from the "blue grass re
gions" of Kentucky, showing that nearly
| all the professors, though Democrats, are
for sound money. It is from Bethel Col
lege and is as follows:
Russell ville, Ky., June 30.
Gentlemen: Replying to your favor of the 22d
inst. I take pleasure in saying that of -the
seven members of our faculty six hold to
••sound money" and one to free silver, and ail
are Democrats. Yours truly, W. 8. It yland.
From Dartmouth : College the same
stable views come, Professor D. C. Wells
replying as follows: ..
I believe gold to be. the only safe and stable
standard of value, and silver onlv useful as a
subsidiary coinage. I believe the supply of
gold abundant and likely to increase. The fall
of prices has been occasioned entirely by a pro
duction which Is twice as rapid iu the rate of
increase as the population. This is true both
in agriculture and manufacturing. Add to
this mere mathematical ratio the fact that in
most every case the production has been con
stantly less expensive, owing to new inven
tions, useful processes, new fields, etc. • • •
Professor Colby concurs heartily in the fore
going views. We divide work in economics
between us. Yours respectfully,
D. c. Wells.
From the University of Minnesota Pro
fessor Folwell writes as follows:
It is the opinion of the writer that there has
been a considerable appreciation of gold,
which has worked harm to employers and
long-time borrowers. The free coinage oi sil
ver at 16 to 1 would be a very uncertain rem
edy for the evil. It would result in silver
monometallism. William W. Folwell,
Professor of Political Ecouomy.
Professor Richmond Mayo Smith of the
economic department of the Columbia
University, New York, replied as follows:
New York, July 0.
I am In favor of the single gold standard.
Free coinage of silver would mean, in my opin
ion.a great prostration of industry, payment of
wages In money of less purchasing power, and
thus injury to the working classes, loss of em
ployment by the timidity of capital seeking
investment, great injury to pensioners, sav
ings-banks depositors, salaried men and all
classes whose income is fixed by custom. Any
gain due to the inflation of prices or relief to
debtor classes would be more than offset by
the above evils. Very respectfully,
Richmond Mayo Smith.
Professor John Bosem of Williams seta
the question at rest as follows:
Williamstown, Mass., July 4.
I favor positively a gold basis and I do not
think the appreciation of gold is proved. If
some appreciation has taken place most of the
mischief is ovor. I believe that the amount
of gold is sufficient to make it a sound basis.
John Bosem.
The following comes from the depart
ment of Economics and Sociology of Vas
sar:
PouGHKEEPsir, N. Y., July 3,
I think International bimetallism desirable,
but believe that free coinage of sliver at 16 to
1 by the United States would be disastrous.
H. E. Mills.
Professor J. W. Jenks of Cornell is in
favor of international bimetallism, but be
says: "I am opposed to the free coinage
of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1 by the United
States alone, without international agree
ment."
President George Edward Reed of Dick
inson College, Carlisle, Pa., is squarelj in
line with the Republican platform. His
letter is as folio wo:
Cabliblk, June 30, 1896.
I do sot know a better exposition of my
views than to invite your attention to the
platform of the Republican party enunciated
at the St. Louis convention. I do not know of
anything sounder in economics than the con
clusion of the platform. So far as I can see
the basis of the silver agitation is to pay debts
at the rate oi 50 cents on a dollar and credi
tors to be mulcted to that amount Sincerely,
Geokge Edward Reed.
It will be seen by the candid reader that
Bryanism has not much consolation in
the foregoing views of the sound profes
sors of economics throughout the coun
try. As Professor Jchn R. Ficklen of
Tulane Data it: "There is nothing srood
in the attempt of this country to bring
about international bimetallism by the
free coinage of silver," and so say they
all, the verdict being singularly unani
mous among the professors who are ac
tually teaching economics in the great
institutions of the country.
DAIRYMEN 10 CONVENE,
Third Annual Meeting of the
California Association
This Week.
Sessions Will Commence on Tuesday
and Will Last Two Days-The
Programme.
The third annual convention of the Cali
fornia Dairy Association occurs on the
29th and 30th of this month, at the Cham
ber of Commerce, the first session begin
ning at 10 a. m., followed by one in the
afternoon at 2 o'clock, and same hours on
the 30th.
On the evening of the 80th an adjourn
ment to Mechanics' Pavilion is to be made,
and all attending the afternoon session of
the 29th will receive a complimentary
ticket entitling them to be present at the
exercises and dairy feast at tne Pavilion,
in the annex.
The official visit of Major Henry E. Al
vord, chief of the Dairy Division, Bureau
of Animal Industry, U. S. A., has in
duced the dairy association to specially
invite representatives of several organiza
tions to attend the convention.
Following will be the order of business:
Tuesday— Call to ordei by President Mailliard,
10 o'clock a. M. Reading memDershlp roll, by
secretary. Minutes of ia^t annual convention
submitted in printed lorn.. Address of presi
dent, with recommendations for association
work. Appointment of convention commit
tees on programme, enterttiinment, member
ship, legislative, etc. Add itioual business ana
introduction of Major Alvord, chlet of the
United States dairy division, to members and
others. Adjournment.
Afternoon session— Paper by Dr. P. K. Brown,
representing the Academy of Sciences, on the
"Inspection of Dairy Cows for Tuberculosis"
at 2 o'clock: microscopic demonstration of tu
bercle bacilli by C. C Reidy of the San Kran
clsco M.crogcopical Society; general discus
sion on tne inspection of dairies; Professor M.
K. Jaffa oi the agricultural department, .State
University, will read a paper on "Later Investi
gations of California Cattle Foods"; discussion
of the paper; J. P. Pearson, surerintendent of
the Fullon Creamery, Tomales, will read a paper
on "The Development of the Cheese Industry
of California," to We followed by discussion;
announcements for next day's sessions and
distribution of ticket.*) to Mechanics' Pavilion
for dairy exercises on the evening ol the 30th.
Morning session for W'ednesday— Professor
C. W. Woodworth of the Agricultural Depart
ment will advance some ideas on important
points in State Inspection, to be followed by
general discussion. Major Alvord of the
Bureau of Animal Iuaustry has been In
vited to suggest plans for securing dairy legis
lation, based on his observations in the East
ern dairy States, and to take part in all the
proceedings of the convention. Discussion to
12 o'clock aud adjournment.
Aftornoon session— Dr. R. H. Freund of the
San Francisco Microscopic Society will give the
result of his microscopic research into the
nature of tubercle bacilli, with answers to
questions. Professor E. J. Wickson, associate
professor of agriculture, State University, reads
paper entitled, "What the cow ought to do
for ttfe dairyman, and what the dairyman
ought to do for the cow." The dairymen pres
ent will be invited to give their views on the
topic. Dr. A. R. bhrite presents a paper to be
read on the subject of our meihodt of creamery
management, compared with that of Eastern
States. William \ anderbtlt, secretary of the
California Dairy Bureau, will make recom
mendations for revisiou of present dairy law
for discussion. The secretary will read his re
port of the year's work of the association.
Tbe annual election of directors will take
place, and the convention will adjourn to
the Mechanics' Pavilion in the evening.
Held for Embezzlement.
Judge Campbell rendered his decision yes
terday la the case of Stephen Otis, stockbroker,
charged with embezzling stock belonging to'
Mrs. Annie McManui, The Judge thought the
case should bu decided upon by a jury and
h«'.<l the defendant to answer before the Sn
perior Court lu $2000 bonds.
IN THE REALM
OE RELIGION
Pastor Birch Will Inaugu
rate a New Church
To-Night
AT METROPOLITAN HALL
Arrival of Four Distinguished
Episcopalian Missionary
Bishops.
AIL ABE TO BE HEARD TO-DAY.
Dr. Adams G ves Satisfaction to the
Flock of the First Congrega
tional Church.
Her. Dr. W. L. Birch will inaugurate a
series of services of an undenominational
character at Metropolitan Temple this
evening. The pastor announces that he
does not want dollars but souls. Every
one is invited to attend, but Dr. Birch
has issued special invitation to "men who
really believe in brotherhood; women
who want to help to save Ban Francisco;
tempted girls who want to do right; peo
ple who are thinking of suicide; men with
out a nickel or a friend; the broken-heart
ed, the weary, the lost; young folks who
want to be noble and pure; the rich who
would be stewards of their wealth;
wandering boys and prodigal sons."
If Dr. .Birch gets the people he is cater
ing for his Sunday night services will be
an omnium gatherum indeed. It is said
that the pastor began to preach when
only 12 years of age, and when but a little
over 21 had a regular congregation of be
tween 5000 and 6000 persons.
Dr. Birch wishes to locate in San Fran
cisco; he likes the climate and is greatly
drawn to the work here. Ue says, "Every
one has received me so graciously that I
love the town and people." He has de
clared his intention to become a citizen,
and is joining the Congregational minis
try.
There is a good deal of interest in Con
gregational church circles over the ex
pected arrival of Rev. Cnarles R. Brown
of the First Congregational Church, Oak
land. The new pastor and his bride are
expected this week. Rev. Charles Brown
will occupy the pulpit next Sunday. All
through toe fall and part of the winter he
will labor in Oakland, but about the mid
dle of February he and Mrs. Brown expect
to start on a wedding journey through
Europe, Palestine and Egypt.
Rev. Dr. Adams seems to have given a
qualified satisfaction at the First Congre
gational Church here. It is expected that
to-day a call for a church meeting will be
issued with a view to considering the
giving of a permanent call to tbe doctor.
The meeting will probably not be till
aiter Dr. Adams has returned to St. Louis.
The General Assembly of tbe California
Congregationalists will open in Sacra
mento 6n the 6th of October.
Four visiting Episcopalian Bishops will
preach in this City to-day. They are:
Rifht Rev. A. Leonard, D. I)., missionary
Bishop of Nevada, Utah and Western Col
orado; Right Rev. J. M. Kendrick, mis
sionary Bishop of New Mexico and Ari
zona; Right Rev. William Morris Barker,
D.D., missionary Bishop of Olympia, and
Right Rev. J. H. Johnson, Bishop of Los
Angeles. The pulpits which the Bishops
will occupy this morning are: St. John s,
Bishop Barker; Advent, Bishop Kendrick;
Trinity, Bishop Johnson; Grace, Bishop
Leonard. In the evening they will preach
as follows: St. Stephen's, Bishop Ken
drick: St. Luke's, Bisaop Johnson; St.
Peter s, Bishop Barker; Good Samaritan,
Bishop Leonard.
The California-Btreet M. E. Church is
preparing to give a warm greeting to its
pastor, Rev. Dr. Phelps, who will preach
tor the first time this morning.
The congregation at the First Christian
Church expresses great satisfaction with
its new pastor, Rev. T. Ford.
In the Berkeley Presbyterian Church to
night there is to be a gospel union tem
perance meeting, addressed by the grand
chief templar of California and others. A
Good Templar lodge will probably be or
ganized in Berkeley to-morrow night.
The first of a series of special festival
services, to occur on the last Sunday even
ing of each month, will be held to-day in
Howard Presbyterian Church, corner Oak
and Baker streets, Rev. F. R. Farrand,
pastor.
Rev. Cha-les J. Powers, C. 8. P., who
has been recently attached to the parish
of the Paulist Fathers in New York City,
has been appointed to the Paulist parish
in this City.
Dr. Voorsanger will preach his annual
sermon before the faculty and student
body of Stanford University to-day. Sub
ject, "Three Old-Time Dissenters."
Next Friday evening will be the begin
ning of the Temple Emanu-el winter
series of lectures.
POSSIBLE GRAND JURYMEN.
Names of Thirty Citixena, Some of
Whom Slay Serve on the New Jury.
The names of thirty citizens were drawn
from the Grand Jury box in the presence
of Judge Slack yesterday. From among
the number all or a portion of the new
Grand Jury will be selected. They will
appear in Department 10 of the Superior
Court on Thursday next, October 1, at
1:30 p. M.
Following are the names drawn:
D. B. Fsktor, 915 O'Farrell.
A. E. Drucker, 120 Post.
Rudo.ph B. Spence, 3007 Jackson.
J. RohS Jackson, St. Nicholas Hotel.
R. T. Aker», 817 Montgomery.
8. B. Welch, 2t>20 Meiner.
Harry Durbrow, 323 California.
T. J. Stack, 12 Hill.
C. S. Benedict, 328 Valencia.
Joseph Fredericks, 1128 Sutter.
Edward B. Cutter, 2209 Webster.
K. Keenan, '223 Scott.
William J. Newman, 125 Kearny,
C. C. Burr, Van Ness and Filbert.
George Jones, 503 Folsom.
A. J. Esberg, Battery and California.
K. R. Ltlienthal. 1510 Van Ness.
H. S. If Rgen, 942 Market.
William L. Asue, 1005 Sacramento.
E. B. Pond, Ca.ilorr.ia and Webb.
John R. Martin, 1815 Howard.
William F. Mau. 1321 Suiter.
F. H. Beaver. 1401 Taylor.
Robert Haight, 22(3 Front.
James C Nealon, 238 Haight.
Robert Higgins, 3204 Sixteenth.
Richard 1'echt. 530 Ucary.
R P. Hammond Jr., 2G O'Farrell.
E. P. Farnswortb, :UU'.» Washington.
Frederick Hobbs, lOlti Bush.
IBAS BVLL.
Make- Up of the Teams That Will Sleet
To-Day on Foliom- Street Grounds.
Following is the make-up of teams that
will play at Sixteenth and Folsom streets
at 10:30 A. M. to-day:
Violets. Positions. .Will * FJncka.
Krnc ..... ..........Pitcher.. Fitzpatrlct
Cron !£...;. Catcher... Peers
Morton ....First base „ O'Connti
Kenned/..... .Second base Orott«
Kelly.. Third base Hue- nan
O'Day Shortstop .Delma.i
Kelly ......:... ».... Left field ...Hearty
vwelgert...... Catcher Parker
Kelly Right field.... .Kaplam
.......... ............ Extra.... ...;.,... ..Wales
HEW TO-DAT.
CITYOFjIfPARIS!
FLANNEL ~~~~
DEPARTMENT.
GREAT VALUES.
New French Cashmere Flannels, cashmere figures, Egyp-
tian stripes and Persian effects .50c per yard
Fancy Striped Flannels, medium weight 30c per yard
Jersey Flannels, in fancy stripes 35c per yard
Eiderdown Flannels, plain colors, all the new shades
•• • — ' ~ ~ 45c per yard
All-Wool White Blankets, 62x80, fine quality $4 per pair
Ail-Wool White Blankets, 72x84, extra super quality
• • • $6 per pair
11-4 Fine Crochet Quilts $1 each
Fine Cotton Comfortables $1.50 each
SB HABIiA ESPANOIi.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILIjE IDE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE. |^S®i§iiS]
Kitchen: Table, 2 Chairs, l^^k^ ' makes the whole f am- I
stove (No. 7). Dining-r.: Exten- S^^^ki' happy. Send five ?
sion table, 4 oak chairs. Bedr.: iw^^F^eP/ two-cent stamps for x
Selected ash set 7 pieces, Wire fW(( A V womankind three 6
and top mattress, 2 pillows. (Ml Mm jM< months and receive 9
Parlor: Solid oak set 5 pieces. Mf |; ; --'>'^M» FREE the Woman - ?
afegJL, ir 2,JH£mk kind Cook Book, filled 6
CARPETS AT LOWEST PRICES. with v
OMinri/ ~j?7~ CUrDCI/ 9 of practical housekeepers. You'll like X
I'll rid fv O6 otllriJLiV) 9 the paper. It's able, bright and clean. 6
HOUSE FURNISHEBS, 9 Address, WOMANKIND. 9
747 Market H^PPg5|*f Grant Aye. X mention thi« paper. Springfield, Ohio. X
Bff^DR. HALL'S REIPIGORATOR nnu T>T , T%g , — "
ki»*^ TUIS SECRET REMEDY stops r , w»7bo »«»'
tpa |£T all losses In 'J4 hours. Kestores BRASS BED3.'
11 Manhood, Enlarges small Organs, r / FOLDINGBED3 1
THIS SECRET REMEDY stops r , , Mi.eDPn,'
all losses tn 'J4 hours. Restores ' ~J i i _ *^^ ollASS xJfc.DS.
Manhood, Enlarg^a Small Organs, ; r , FOLDING BEDS*
Wggl Pt^ cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico- ! Wire and Hair \Ia>
»*J »j»» cele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Stric- tresses, Recll nin'
WIA ili*, tures, Blood Disease and all wasting , Chain, Wheel Chalri,
ESfl irZi effects of Self- Abuse or Excesses. , T"fT"fTf? Commodes, Back Uesti
ifyiVlffig'f'a Seut sealed, $2 per bottle, THKiiU ' I frrrnniff Mo a e-^ x,r»^«-
BOTTLES, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. II < I TTTf "• A. SCHBOCa,
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, t *■* M l 1 I |ll| 21
855 Broadway, Oakland, CaL ■••d. "^WNmJ New Montgomery
All private diseases quickly cured. Bend for , %# k^ I 1.J St., under Uram4
free book. --.';:■ "^ Hotel, S. *'.
VARICOCELE
Wasting Weakness, Failing Man-
hood and Nervous Debility
Are Easily Cured by
While you sleep at night —^ Dr. Sanden't Electric
this belt soaks your <^#il3|§; Belt has a newly pat-
weakened nerves full of "^jF'^II^ESj. ented regulator which
electricity and restores '**%?£? makes the current mild
your health. It is surer .^^i?" or strong while the belt
and cheaper than medi- §fc?<^W^ * s on tne body. No other
sine. belt made can be regu-
f%)0 Ltd.
The disease known as Tarleocele has baffled the medical profession at every tnra.
The various attempts to remove it have all proven ineffective, and some of them even
more injurious than the disease itself. The knife, vacuum, compression and massage
have all been tried and all failed, and yet Varicocele and its large following of wasting
weaknesses can be cured. Varicocele is a congestion of the stagnant blood in tho
reins, with considerable distention of the glands. Electricity will decompose this
congested state and drive the stagnant blood into the circulation, relieving the vein*
of the weakening strain, at the same time contracting the glands which have crown
weak from the disease, thus curing the whole trouble.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT,
Becognized by the medical profession as the most scientific method for the application
of the electric current to the body, and backed by many thousands of cures of various
nervous and chronio cases, is now acknowledged the best means oi reaching the dread
WMtins aUeasa-
VARICOCELE.
Its power over this disease . is remarkable. Cures have , been completed in on«
month, and the worst cases can be reacheu in three months by this Belt. As an evi-
dence of recent results the following will b interesting:
j, i" I , would 11^ 6 to * d<i m y testimony to Ik numerous others in possession of Dr. San-
den » Electric Belt Co. I purchased a s -power Belt from Dr. Snnden about the
1st of April, which 1 used according to directions, and after three months I am happy
to state triat my varicocele, which was of twelve years' standing, is almost entirely
disappeared, the veins being almost normal. I take great pleasure in recommending
the Belt to any one suffering from varicocele." • . *"S
W. E. JOHNS, 1139 Market street, San Francisco.
•-♦ "On receipt of your Belt 1 was requested to report in thirty days, and I therefore
let you know how I am getting along. I must say that the results are away beyond
my expectations, and I now believe in the wonderful power of the Belt. I notice an
improvement all over my body, and especially the varicocele, which before I wore the
Belt were large swollen veins, are almost entirely and completely disappeared and the
seminal weakness which I have suffered from fora long time has entirely disappeared
L am °.? W as ron S in that particular as I wish to be. I wish you to publish this letter'
that other sufferers may profit by my experience." ■ •
1 ■■■* N. DAMATO, Penryn, Cal.,
_. 'I 1 . 11 ** 7»«cocele and weakness of twenty-six years' standing. Your Dr. Sanden
Electric Belt has cured me." L. L. JACCARD, Jeweler, San Leandro, Cal.
Many other cures can be found by. referring to the little book, "Three Classes of
Men," which can be had free upon application. Those who have tried other treat-
ments will find much of interest in this book or a visit to the salesrooms of
JB<A.3NTX>33:Kr ETEjJESCJTUJCO 00.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Offlo* Hours— 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 10 to i. :
OFFICES A.X
X-OS ANGELES, CAU I PORTLi\D OR.
2122
She Wasn't Sfeepman s Sweetheart
It is not often that a woman is com
pelled to go through life as the heroine of
a romance that never existed, but such is
the fate of a woman in Monterey, Senora
Maria Ignacia Bonifacio, who for forty
years has been pointed out to strangers as
"Sherman's sweetheart."
"Show me Sherman's sweetheart, and
the rose tree they planted" is one of the
first requests made by strangers visit
ing historic old Monterey.
Senora Benilacio— Senora by courtesy,
for she was never married — lives in a
quaint old adobe on Alvarado street. She
is a cheery, brown-eyed, little woman, and
will tell you that she is 65 years old, but
you cannot believe it: there are few gray
hairs and fewer wrinkles, and her laugh is
the clear, ringing laugh of a girl. It does
not seem possible that she is the love-lorn
maiden who was engaged to marry Gen
eral Sherman when he was a simple lieu
tenant in Monterey and she but a girl in
in her teens.
He gave her a beautiful golden rose, ana
together they planted it, and she was to
watch its unfolding beauties until he re
turned to claim her as his bride. Bat,
alas, for maiden and, alas, for rose, he
never returned.
How her eyes sparkled as she told her
story, as well as the story of the famous
rose tree that Sherman never planted.
Senora Bonifacio speaks no English, but
her interpreter was an old friend and the
little woman spoke without reserve.
"I never knew General Sherman," she
began. "Never knew him?" came in
chorus from the friends gathered around
her.
"I was little more than s child when
Sherman was in Monterey," she goes on.
"The rose tree? My uncle brought me
the slips from San Jose in 1855, we grafted
the slips into the Castilian rose and my
rose tree has been my only sweetheart."
That Is all, and the owner of the great
tree of golden roses answers tne look of
disappointment in the faces about her
with a merry peal of laughter.
"And do you not know that Gertrude
Atherton has your story in one of her
books?" she is asked.
"Gertrude Atherton?" The little woman
has never heard of her, and she iaughs
heartily over the picture of "La Tulita,"
who one day learns from the washtub
gossips that "Sherman is married and has
become a great general."
She tells us of a visit made to her this
summer by two strange women who
handed her a blank book and modestly
requested Senora Bonifacio to write her
life for them, "and put in all about Sher
man and the rose tree." They refused to
believe that she bad nothing to tell them
and insisted that she write it "anyway."
Finally she told them she could not write,
and, after accepting the roses she offered
them, they departed.
"Ay Diosl" the tourist — there is no
evading her. I mean some of the tourists
who hold a coupon which entitles them to
three days at Monterey. They go at all
hoars to badger the little woman for roses
and for photographs of herself.
"We've always heard you were Sher
man's sweetheart, and we can't believe
you were not," they kindly insist.
Theii there is the amateur photographer,
but Senora Bonifacio is not nervous, and
she does not mind him. He is generally a
boy. He innocently take3 a snapshot at
her as she happens to stand under the
arbor, over which clambers her beloved
rose. He is so gracious when she presently
discovers him and offers him a boutonniere
from the great eolden clusters swaying in
the sunlight. He is only a boy. and does
not ask her age, nor if she wears false
hair, but smiles and raises his hat as he
deftly hides the kodak behind him, then
forgets to walk out backward.
He will develop her picture and come
back to ask her sweetly if she can tell him
anything to write on the back of it.
"Nothing," she answers; but when he
displays his picture to his friends he turns
the back of the card and they read,
"Sherman's sweetheart, and the rose tree
planted by the lovers." The pretty girl to
whom he shows the picture exclaims,
"How mean of Sherman to run off like
that!"
Grim, practical, common - sense "Old
Billy," hater of shams and gossip, the
idol of the army boys. Let us hope that
the veil which hides this world from the
next is exceedingly thick.
Never mind about the shattered ro
mance. It is a visit well worth making to
see the rose tree, magnificent in size and
color, and the exquisite carnations that
mingle their perfume with that of the
regal roses above them. You will still en
joy seeing the gentle hostess, who will
receive you with the charming courtesy of
her race. She will invite you into her
parlor, long and narrow, but cool and
sweet with its whitewashed walls.
The windows are filled with tiny panes,
and the broad sills hold pots of feathery
ferns, through which the sun filters and
falls across the carved mahogany table in
the middle of the room. The house was
built sixty-three years ago, and the furni
ture is in keeping with the house. "Every
thing is old in this house," the cheery lit
tle woman laughingly says, and turns to
open a frasquera filled with tiny wine
glasses unlike any we see to-day. They
were her mother's forty years ago.
On the wall hangs a portrait of Senora
Bonifacio, painted when sue was twenty
two; the rounded carves of neck and arms
gleam through meshes of filmy lace, and
pearls adorn ears and neck.
The girl of 22 looks down on a serene
and calm-faced woman — the last of her
family— who patiently and quietlv draws
the threads from the lawn, sheer and fine
as gossamer, and with her needle fasnions
the wonderful stitches into an exquisite
tracery that in a few years will be a lost art.
The owner oi the rose tree has to earn
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
her bread, but tnere is never a murmu r
from the little woman as she fashions the
altar clothes for the old church of El Car
melo, her beloved church and a part of
her life.
There are quick falling tears when she
gives of her little store to some one poorer
than herself.
She remembers that olden time when,
over the portals of every house in Monte
rey, might have been written, "Mi casa y
la suya (My house and yours)".
And she remembers that her elders al
ways taught her that "All we have when
we come to die is what we have given
away." Ella 8. Hartnell.
.He .Heard
.Mapsiek, Over the
Telephone
Probably no stranger or sweeter musical
solo ever came to the ears of a toiling news
paper man than was heard by a Call re
porter while M. Marsick, the celebrated
violinist, was in the City some time ago.
The virtuoso is ever the friend of the
reporters, and often plays solely for their
benefit, and this particular time he outdid
himself. On the evening beforo his de
parture, as on numerous occasions during
his visit to this City, he was the guest of
Edmond Godchaux, the genial secretary
of the Board of Health. He was playing
a difficult piece for his host and when he
had finished he said :
" I wish some of our newspaper friends
might be here to hear a farewell solo."
"That will be easy," answered Mr. God
chaux; "you can play for him over the
telephone wire."
MarsicJc is as excitable as a boy when
pleased, and said :
"That will be delightful. Call some one
at once. I will play him something nice."
The person in jvir. Godchaux's mind
was in The Call editorial rooms when the
telephone rang uv, and after a moment
spent in explaining the matter, Marsick
stood before the transmitter in the secre
tary's room and played as ne and a very
few more know how to play. '
The dulcet sounds seemed far distant
but strangely sweet over the wire, and
seemingly realizing the impression he was
creating on his listener a mile away the
violinist threw his whole soul into his art
and produced such melody as probably
never before passed through the mech
anism of a.telephone. When the solo wa9
over, the reporter's thanks were given.
Marsick bade him a graceful farewell, and
Central's "waiting?" dispelled the pleas
ure of the music.
Gowns That
Were Worn at the Dublin
Horse Show
The Dublin horse show is a thing of the
past, but the numerous chic gowns worn
are still being commented on, so I have
had illustrated Lady Talbot Power's cos
tume, as well as the gowns worn by the
Countess of Limerick and the Misses
Weber. A good frock worn by Lady
Talbot Power was surmounted by a velvet
coat trimmed with mink, the same fur
forming the high collar and edging the
basque.
The Countess of Limerick also wore a
velvet coat, but of the sacque order and
richly trimmed with mink, a fur which
seems jilst now to absorb the attention of
the fashionable. The same fur appeared
round the edge of the skirt. A well-cut
gown, which combined originality with
taste, was worn by Mrs. Dennis, and Ihe
Misses Webber were also smartly turned
out in dark blue rep with a pleated vest,
and revers of rose-colored glace formed
a cheerful finish to the little bolero
bodices.
Lady Talbot Power's blouse of accordion
pleated chiffon of an apricot hue was
much admired. A touch of the same
shade was introduced in her hat of black
velvet. The Countess of Coventry wore a
toilet of Quaker gray facecloth, the elab
orate bonnet of which was mostly com
posed of pale green chine silk, her gray
bonnet being beautiful with a bright green
osprey and ostrich feathers; the Countess
of Craven appeared in a pale Dlue silk,
covered with a chine design of roses and
foliage ; there was much soft chiffon on
the bodice, which showed under the short
black velvet cape. On the same occasion
an elegant cape of royal purple velvet,
trimmed with gold embroidery and se
quins, and several handsome creations
were noted in face cloth (or lady's cloth).
Lady Maitland was gowned in such a toilet,
of a light fawn shade, made with abso
lute simplicity. Her toque consisted of
flowers, gay in hue and very beautiful.
One young maiden appeared in a cloth
costume of heliotrope satin cloth made
with a zouave of lancy heliotrope velvet
and a most artistically embroidered vest
of cream white satin. Her white picture
hat had plumes gracefully placed on it.
Not a few good tailor gowns were in evi
dence and these met with general appreci
ation. Indeed, there is every indication
that this popular style is to have its sphere
of usefulness enlarged, for now, when
evolved from the finest lady's cloth, or
broadcloth, it possesses many charms and
is one of the most useful costumes any
woman can own who has not her private
carriage, as the most correctly attired
New 1'orkers wear such toilets when
calling informally. Concerning the cloth,
it will not pay to purchase any but the
best— it costs here $3 per yard— and in all
cases have your tailor sponge it before it
is made up, for it is not wise to believe the
assertion that it has been shrunk already;
and although gray is so fashionable only
two shades can I recommend, as many of
them fade a perfectly hideous yellowish
hue. I speaK feelingly from experience,
for no matter what price you pay for cer
tain grays they will fade the first time ex
posed to a California sun's ardent beams.
Such gowns are frequently now being
trimmed with the new cloth embroidery,
THE PRETTY SENORA AND THE ROSEBUSH.
BOtn of them heroines of a romance that never existed. For years Senora Bonifacio was supposed to have been the sweetheart of Gener
Sherman's youthful days and the giant rosebush that is the pride of all Monterey was supposed to have been planted bv Sherm
The legend runs that years ago the Rreat warrior, then a young lieutenant, and the pretty senora, planted the rosebush toeetrf 11 '
She was to watch its unfolding beauties till he returned and claimed her as his bride. And now the pr«tty senora srvs .hL.'
knew Sherman and that tho rosebush has been her only sweetheart P y ° rft Saj S 8lle never
the pattern for which is cut out and laid
over cloth-of-gold. A great deal of silver
embroidery will probably be seen this
season, especially on the vests of chic
cloth gowns, and for such there are an
infinite number of coats. The tight-fitting
coat with the loose double-breasted front
will still be worn, but the newest models
from both London and Paris are loose
both in back and front. One very potmlar
model is built like a man's driving coat,
and another recalls a sack coat; it has a
yoke, from which falls the side pleating
in which the material is laid in the front
and the back, the sides being plain. The
collar should be a great ruff of pleated
Liberty satin fur or chiffon, as one likes.
The sleeves recall the bishop mode, con
siderably modified. Equally in favor is
the coat having a tight-fitting back and
blouse front. It usually is belted in with
a narrow ribbon of Russian gold. The
sleeves are the regular coat sleeves. With
ail varieties of coats may be worn waists
of blue white satin made very severely with
many pleats, like a man's curing shirt,
and they should be worn with a stock of
black satin.
The latest information concerning skirts
is noteworthy:
Skirts will not be any wider the coining
season, and where trimming is used, as it
promises to be very generally, they will be
considerably narrower. Wherever the weight
of the material will permit, the skirt should
be mounted separately from the lining, as a
soft clinging effect is the conspicuous feature
of the newest French models. In every case
the stiffening is confined to good hair-cloth,
not deeper than ten inches around the bottom,
and a feather bone sewn around the entire
width of the skirt.
Some pretty bridesmaids' costumes are
being made for next month of white silks.
The skirts are quite plain, the bodices
have boleros only in front of striped white
satin and silk; round the edges fs a broad
thick guipure, from under wi,>ch falls a
frill of soft silk lace of a creamy yellow.
This lace extends down the back in a
double frill made to be perfectly flat; it
is met by a strip of the same guipure. The
guipure also encircles the waist and the
wrists The tigut sleeves are completely
covered with white chiffon drawn over
them in narrow puffings; it is draped
softly from the shoulders.
Dresses for evening wear are beginning
to demand our serious attention, and in
Paris diaphanous textures are numbered
among the most modish and deliceuse
toilets, with laces and entredeux the
main trimming, as they are ail worn over
brilliant transparencies of taffeta. Satin
striped gauze, painted muslins as they are
called, ideally lovely tissues, mousseline
de soie and grass lawns are the founda
tions for every pretty frock this summer.
Writes a Parisian correspondent:
Many of such fairy fabrics will be used for
the next six months and from them will be
evolved frocks worthy of the blushing debu
tante, the radiant belle and the chic matron.
Imagine, if you can, anything prettier than a
white mousseline de soie sprayed over with
yellow laburnum blossoms and built over yel
low silk. The skirt was draped with the silk
under it about the waist and hips, as all such
light materials generally are, while below
they hang separately. On the bottom of the
skirt were three rows of yellow mousseline
plisse in narrow rufflles, put on in close scol-
lops. A charming finish. The yellow silk de
collete bodice was draped with yellow mousse
line with inletting of white satin ribbons,
quite narrow ones, embroidered vertically in
diamonds and emeralds, endinsr in a waved
decolletage. Straps, which were jeweled to
match, held the wings of plisse yellow mousse
line across the shoulders and left the line of
arm unbroken. Some of the tulle dancing
frocks worn by the youthful contingent are
trimmed to the knee with mile flounces plisse
or tullo ruches graduated in width. The silk
transparencies have a plain tulle skirt over
them and these trimmings added afterward.
They are the sweetest, freshest, most girlish of
frocks, with their round bodices and empire
belts, long sashes and winged, tulle aleeves
that ever were seen.
One now hears daily questions concern
ing what styles of jackets are to be worn
during the winter. I quote the reply of
a European authority: "The coats are
long and the coats are short; they are
tight fitting and they are loose fitting.' 1
Several of the latest created models hang
loosely from the snoulders and are of very
limited dimensions, reaching but to the
hips. These are sometimes cut to set in
pleats, sometimes to hang, but straightly,
and at Dieppe some lovely ones have just
been noted composed of shot silks with
hugn ruffle* round the neck. However,
these dainty confections will vanish at
the first breath of winter.
The modish maiden will certainly in
clude in her purchases about the first of
November a smart cape, which will prob
ably be of some beautiful fur or a rich
velvet exquisitely embroidered. The de
signs now being shown for coaching and
carriage cloaks will probably undergo a
change, but the choicest jackets and the
most chic of capes will not be seen here
until about the middle of next month.
However, Redfern has just completed a
jacket which may truly be described as an
altogether unique conception. Built of
soft, smoke-gray cloth its quaker sobriety
is deliciously relieved by tabs of miroir
velvet in a gray-green, peapod hue, sur
mounted by a geometrical design in fine
mixed cord. These tabs are everywhere
bound by a narrow hem of sable, and the
same beautiful fur forma the Tudoresque
collar. The coat, while extremely elegant,
is thoroughly practical, a desideratum
in these days of outdoor exercise, and a
final cachet is given to it by the charming
old silver buttons with which it is adorned.
The illustration will give you an idea of
its charms. The reign of the turned-down
collar is said to be over for jackets, but
speaking of coaching and carriage coats
reminds me that a short carriage cloak
made of a handsome brown and white
checked tweed, crossed by a larger check
in blue, having a hnine of sapphire-blue
silk and a collar of the same tone, is a
sensible and stylish garment, as is also
one which reaches the knees, composed of
a tweed. It has a shadowy check on a
dust-colored ground, a lining of amber
silk and a storm-collar lined with tan
leather strapped with tweed. Five odd
leather buttons fasten it down the front.
The leatnern buttons and collar of the
same produce a novel effect and have just
been introduced. They are of an immense
depth and when turned up completely
cover the ears.
At the present moment the evening
cloaks and mantles are pelerines and
mantles covered with flounces, ruches and
bows, covering the bust and filling up the
neck. The latest fad is a collet of rather
dark-colored chamois, lined with white doe
skin, which appears at the edge and shows
through the cuttings and is richly em
broidered with gold thread. Some of these
are very much abbreviated, but others are
made liKe long pelerines, and these afford
a real protection from the chilly evening
air and are much liked, being very be
coming. Mabcblla.
The volcanoes of Vesuvius and Etna are
never both active at the same time.
Wiiat Is
Correct for*
Gentlemen
Some cloths are showing a suspicion of
yellow in their coloring, but such tones
are as unbecoming to most men as the
greenish hues were this summer. In all
neckwear there is a suggestion of this
tone. As usual, the solid blue ties with,
white figures are regarded as satisfactory
ana good form. At present New Yorkers
show a greater reluctance to don bright
colors than their English cousins.
Him writes this week:
I am now very much disturbed as to the
destiny of the colored shirt. Already the
haberdashers are offering some extremely nice
ones at the most reduced prices, and if they
are going out of fashion, then, of course, it
may be wise to leave them alone, but certainly •
there is no intention in London of abandon
ine this useful as well as ornamental adjunct
to one's costume. If there is an end to the
colored shirt there certainly will set fn for
the man of moderate means an extravagant
era. No self-respecting person would ever
dream of wearing shirts with detached cuffs.
I have made an allowance for the detached
collar, because in these days of the deep all
around turndowns one can find but few laun
dresses who can do them up with any degree
of neatness.
Twice washed, and your shirt Is ruined.
However, as far as I am concerned, it would
make but little difference, and, theoretically,
lam in favor of the white shirt on all occa
sions; but as we have adopted the colors, and
they are picturesque, I think all men should
stand by them. Perhaps, however, as in an«
other year. I have heard it said, there will not
be a woman in the world, except possibly in
the South Sea Islands, who will wear shirt
waists, I suppose that men will discard the
colored garment at the same time.
It is a pity that all good things must become
cheap, and with cheapness comes deatn. This
autumn men are wearing white linen to a far
greater extent than they have for years past,
but I must confess that, although I do not need
it, I nevertheless do not desist from a bargain,
and the very low price offered for the material
and tne making of the colored ones just at the
present moment, is to me a sore temptation.
Umbrellas this season have greatly in
creased in size, so no longer do they look
like neat and slender sticks. The sticks
themselves are in natural woods and sil
ver. The crook is considered old fash
ioned, the knob only being in style.
The latest derby hats have their brims a
little narrower and more curled than they
were last spring. The gray riomburg is
enjoying a great vogue, and the best liked
has gray moire ribbon and gray binding
and wide sans souci brim. I hear of some
extraordinary red ones with black cloth
bands and grays with bands of the same
stuff, and even snow-white ones with
white silk and satin are reported. Natu
rally tbey are. to say the least, rather
startline. Quite extraordinary are some
chapeaux from London. They are dark
brown, presumably the derby shape, but
are square on top, just like the hats worn
by grooms in semi-Hvery. ■ C. C.
SEW TO-DAY.
Splendid Bargains
UNTIL —
WEDNESDAY NIGHT
FLOWER POTS— To close ont all on "
hand, all of our English Rich Solid Color
Jardinieres, former prices 40 cents to $1 25, •
po at 20, 40 and 60 cents. A splendid *
chance to get a pretty pot cheap.
TEAPOT STANDS— Save your table- "
r^ cloth. Handsomely deco-
yf^fr. %J* rated Tea Tiles in different
£f\ JKc^^F' designs, fine china, go at2Q
Or .^EK cents, worth 50 cents.
&*~Jp^F*t t * CHOCOLATE POTS—
Qj5^f^KTr^ -^ ine thin china, nicely
*3r(jBsZr decoratec, go at 75 and 90
vsr^"^^ cents, worth double.
.*• CRACKER JARS — A
pretty useful article at a give-away price-«-
50 and 85 cents.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's.
WANQENHKIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BELOW MONTGOMERY.
$1 00 GIVEN
IN
GOLD AWAY
Who can form the neatest number of words
from the letters in READERS? You're smart
enough to maKe fifteen or more words, we feel
sure, ana if you do you will receive a good reward
Do not use any letter more tiroes than It appears
in the word. Xo proper nouns. No foreign words.
Use any dictionary that is standard. Use plurals.
Here is an example of the way to work it out:
Readers, read, red, sad, ear. ears, dear, etc These
words count. The publisher of Woman's World
and Jennsss Miukr Monthly will pay $10 in
gold to the person able to make the largest list o*
words from the letters in the word RKADElis-
510 for the second largest: 810 for the third- lid
for the fourth and $10 for the fifth, and $5 each,
for the eight next largest lists. The above re-
wards are given free and without consideration
for the purpose of attracting attention to our
handsome ladles' magazine, twenty-four pages, .
ninety-six long columns, finely illustrated and all
original matter, long and short stories by the best
authors. Price, $1 per year. It is necessary for
you, to enter the contest, to send twelve sient
stamps for a three months' trial subscription with
your list of words, and ever, person sending the
24 cents and a list of fifteen words or more is
guaranteed an eXtra present by return mail (in
addition to the magazine) of a larae 192-page book, .
•'1 he . nher Man's Wife. by John Strange Wimer ■
a remarkably fascinating story, satisfaction Buar-
??«>.«" m v £ y Case or your monev refunded.
o«nV?o!J, ld ** sent I 1 once and not later than
ti.t »r,t * ' s v that v th « names of successful con-
rSC 1 , "" h M, XoVfrab( ' r lma * P"bllshed
llinp v w r P u , bllca t io n has been established
nine years. We refer yon to anv mercantile
agency for our stan.iing .Write now. Add«" j!
build^g^^Yor^ft'y^"' 9 ° 5 TCmP^ C0Urt
T S THE VERY BE8T I NK TO EXAMINH . •
whose suDerlonf r K me " tS Z 1 his own inveutioo.
"REMOVES SUPERFIXOrs HAIR BV ELEC .
Maw Wt? 5.n11 a 81tting: flrst sittin P free i M
s>cars left; moles, warts, e«c, also reaioved. , -GLORIES OF YOSEMITE THAT LIE OFF THE BEATEft PATH
Yes, two tramps — my wife and I —
longed for a summer outing and a rest,
and we could call to mind no spot on
earth where the double combination
could be better made than by footing it
thrdugh a portion of the Yosemite Na
tional Park, gathering and pressing its
floral treasures. We wished to enjoy it,
moreover, in the way that a Frenchman
is said to feast upon his dinner — three
times; first in anticipation, secqnd in
participation, and third in retrospection •
and' also to do it as inexpensively as pos
sible.
As we were about to essay a pedestrian
journey through the untrodden fastness
of Sierran forests and among the vtst
solitudes of Sierran mountains, where
wild animals are now supposed to hold
carnival, 1 had sent to Yosemite Valley
for my breech-loading shotgun, but on
the day of its arrival I inadvertently
caught sight of a notice tacked upon a
tree, "The rules and regulations of the
Yosemite National Park," and some
what to my dismay found that one of its
provisions read, "No firearms allowed to
be carried without a permit from the
officer in command." Here was a dilem
ma! V, e had no mch permit. To make
application for one and await its arrival
would create a fatal inroad upon our time
NATURAL CHIMNEY ON MOUNT HOFFMAN."
and plan?. Some reasoned that the pro
vision was not intended to apply to such
• people as we were, but to keep out pme
■ destroying sharps. There was nothing,
• however, equivocal or doubtful about the
language and meaning of that rule. It
- was moreover unmistakably peremptory.
Nothing, therefore, remained to us as law
abiding people but either to give up our
trip or t*o go unarmed. As we could not
■ entertain the former we decided upon the
latter, and to take our chances.
THE STAKT UPO5 OUR TRAMP.
Before us lay the vast primeval forest
of the nigh sierras, with its arching and
sun-lighted vistas of magnificent trees,
its varied and fragrant shrubs, its bright
• eyed and charming flowers, its rock-ribbed
mountain slopes, its picturejque lakes,
its anthem-singing streams and rills, and
its unbroken solitudes, with all the un-
T\HE POWERS
OF PROFJJJilTY
J~loW a Mulejeam Was
Conquered
Sar\ta Clara Hybrids That Upset
the Karmic LaW of Gause
• ' and Effect
The Jaw of balance and compensation is
a generally accepted scientific fact, and
out of it crows ihe idea that "like pro
duces like." A good seed in good soil will
produce a good plant. This leads on to
the theory of harmony. A soft touch on a
piano will produce a soft note in re
sponse. TLe harmony theory even noes
further and holds that a gentle word will
induce a gentle answer. A command or
request in a kind, gentle voice i3 said to
be the most effectual to produce obedience.
And such should be the case according to
natural law, and undoubtedly is in most
instances.
Bat such is not the case when it comes
to mules. Tnis may be the resnlt of a cer
tain amount of inborn cussedness in the
most abused creature in the world, but in
dealing with scientific subjects it is best to
• tick to facts. That muies do act con
trary to all natural law was most forcibly
illustrated a few days ago on one of the
roads leading into Santa Clara.
Everybody down tbat way knows old
"Joe" Short. He lives some distance out
of town on his ranch, but comes in fre
quently. He is a good church member
and attends service regularly, and thought
that he knew how to handle mules. He
has had a span that he has driven for
three years, and he nas always worked on
the theory of gentleness. He said that it
always was a success, but then those
mules had never had any ODpo9ition.
They had been driven over the splendid
roads of Santa Clara County and went
along as easy as on a city street. They
had never heard a profane word.
The day the mules were put to the test
was an unusually hot one and the load
they pulled a heavy one. But they went
■ along willingly enough until old Joe
dropped half asleep. Then they con
cluded it would be a good idea to rest
awhile under the trees by the roadside.
The first thing Joe knew was when the
- front wheels ran into the irrigating ditch.
He thought he had fallen off the earth at
first, but it did not take him long to find
out the real Btate of affairs.
One of the front wheels was deep in the
inlre and the hind wheel was well off the
roao. The best thing to do was to turn
the mules so that they could pall the
wagon back to where it came from, which
looked easy enough to Joe, who thought
h« would be delayed but a short tune.
"Now, Kitty, my beauty, get up there;
foldmR lessons of insect, bird and animal |
me. ;n o wonder that such a prospect !
should raise our exultant spirits to the i
very tiptoe of expectation and charm '
away every thought of danger from wild
animals or from pelting storms. If even
the shadow of timidity still lingered we
rolled it into banishment behind us, bade !
a cheery adieu to the comforts and kindly I
hospitalities of Crockers station and its i
delightful people and set out upon our
novel expedition.
Through the prudent foresight of the j
United States Government and the watch
ful supervision of the cavalry the flocka of i
sheep, herds of cattle and bands of horses |
which formerly roamed at liberty over it j
have been effectually and, let us hope,
forever banished. Their depredations had
converted this grand domain into a com- j
parative desert, at least so far as its flora j
was concerned. But now its wild loveli- !
ness is beginning to reassert itself in its j
pristine beauty and glory. How intensely
the transformation gladdened our delight- ■■
ed eyes and hearts 1 Every advancing step
now disclosed a beautiful poem and each
opening scene a wonderful revelation.
Besides this we were quaffing big draughts
of life's elixir from tue pine-laden ozone,
the vitalizing atmospheric champagne of
these mountain fastnesses. And we in-
quired of each other, "Is not this the
fabled 'fountain of youth' that the young j
and the middle-aged and the old of both i
sexe9 and of all nations have been seek
ing?'
It is not to be supposed, however, that
this forest, floral and scenic feasting of soul
and sense was to be exclusively enjoyed
without some bitter to «ne sweet, some
alloy in so much line cold of experience.
Far from it. On the firsc day out, when
climbing she ridge north of the south fork
of tee Tuolnmne wo suffered for want of
water— never alter that, however. Then
there were swarms of hungry mosquitoes —
but these we either checkmated or dis
persed by smoke, as soon a3 camp was
made. One of the most trying incidents
came to us on the third night of our pil
grimage. We had finished our evening
repast, built -up our campfire and were
PORTRAIT OF JOHN RUSKIN.
An exceptionally good portrait of the famous art critic, taken by a London photographer. It
is said to be the best and most characteristic photograph ot Ruskin extant.
Sally, come around now. There's a good
girl." The only trouble was that Kitty
and Sally wouldn't do as they were told.
They moved around, to be sure, but didn't
budge the wagon an inch.
For over two hours Joe worked with
those mules. He petted them and called
them nice names, and even walked down
the road a quarter of a mile to get them a
bucket of water. Kit«y and Sally, how
ever, refused to move the wagon. It was
too much like work. The sun got hotter
and hotter, and after exhausting bis en
dearing terms Joe vigorously applied the
whip, but all to no purpose. He even
went so far as to call the mules "stubborn
fools," but the wagon remained in the
same place. Joe worked himself into a
perspiration and almost wore his whip
oat, and he was not getting into Santa
Clara.
It is possible that Joe might have still
been stuck in the ditch had not a very
irreverent friend of his co me along. This
man knew how to handle males, and he
THIS SAJN FJiAJN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896
TWO BOTANISTS ON A RAMBLE
restfully watching the stars that were }
twinkling at us above the treetops before |
retiring to much-needed rest, when a load j
and unearthly screaming howl broke !
suddenly and sharply upon the still
ness oi the night air. It came with |
such ear-piercing shrillness and volume j
as not only to startle us but momentarily j
to take away our breath. What could it
be? Such a terrifying and discordant
scream must have come from the throat
of an enormous California lion or panther
not over two hundred yards away. We
began to realizu the danger and possible
imprudence of treading the wild solitudes
of these mountain fastnesses without fire
arms. Realising our danger, but knowing
from past experience that no wild animal
of the Sierras would seek a conflict with
man unless wounded or suddenly ap-
AT THE POINT WHERE THEY FISHED IN LAKE TEN-IE-YA.
proached. 1 sprang immediately to my
feet and returned a defiant "Yo-ho!" "yo
ho!" as hard as I could shout it ami
I am satisfied my call could be heard
through the forest stillness for over a
mile. At the same time I replenished our
campfire, anJ kept the butcher-knife in
readiness should a hand-to-hand en
counter be forced upon us. As an addi
tional precaution we pressed into service a
large tin pan, having before found that
the noise and din from such a "weapon !"
was most effective. Better than all these
was the assurance, obtained from ex
perience, that I bad never known a wild
animal which would not run away from
me rather than to me if ha had half a
chance. We were abundantly willing to
give him a whole one, as there is nothing
small about us, not even our feet! Our
nocturnal visitor, large and powerful as
ciidn't even touch either of them with his
whip.
"Let me try 'em," he said to Joe when
he drove up.
"Oh, you can't do nothin' with 'em,"
said Joe; "I've worked a couple of hours
and about concluded that they can't pull
out. Guess I'll have to unload."
"Don't be a fool, Joe," said the
friend. "Here, Kiity, you !
Sally, your eyes, you ! Get,
1 Hoop there! Now, all to
gether, 1 '
Joe was sure he smelled sulphur, as his
friend sot more and more profane and
cracked his whip loudly several inches
from the mules' heads. But what a
miraculous effect ! Kitty and Sally both
got down to business. They gave one
good pull and easily hauled the wagon
out of the ditch on to the road. Joe was
too surprised to thank hia friend, but
slowly climbed up in a dazed sort of man
ner, and drove into Santa Clara wonder
ing how it all happened.
he must have been, by the volume of his
screaming howl, evidently considered
"discretion to be the better part of valor,"
as we did not even get a ylirnpse of him.
We noticed, however, that our mare,
Nance, quit feeding to keep a steady eye
in one direction.
Of course, such an unlooked-for emer
gency led us to questioning the propriety
of advancing further on our tramp with
out firearms. But when the bright sun
light wished us cheery "good morning,"
and threw her sweetest smiles upon bed3
of flowers that blossomed in such profu
sion all around us, how could we resist the
temptation to co forward and take our
chances? A little spice of danger, more
over, heightens and intensities personal
interest; and, before long, would not the
peaks and domes of Yosemite soon glad-
den our eyes and assure us of a "city of
refuge"?
At the crossing of Yosemite Creek we
found that heavy winter snows had j
broken down the Bridge that spanned the
stream and made it impassable for ani
mals and carriages, but as the ends of the j
broken stringers had caught in among the ]
bowlders of the creek they had intercepted 1
large quantities ot driftwood, over which I
we could pick our way without difficulty.
Some fifty yards above this our horse
could safely ford, and we were soon again
upon our winding way.
The further we tramped and the higher
| we climbed the more strikingly beautiful
! became the scenery, while the floral gems
kept constantly gaining in novelty and
loveliness as well as in color variety and
characteristics at almost every change in
elevation. Our daiiy peregrinations now
THE JLMJITEOR
P,H0T0GRJIP,HER
HoW to Qet Character
ir\ Posir\g
/Jecessitvj for the Careful Study
of Facial Expression ir\
Portraiture
The idea when making a photograph of
a person simply for the purpose of a pic
ture is to make "a" figure. The idea
when making a photograph of a person
for a portrait is to make "the" person in
front or the camera. These two princi
ples cover all the difference there is be
tween portraits and pictures. Of course a
portrait can be a picture as well, and many
pictures are the finest kinds of portraits
although the one who took them was not
intending to make more than a picture.
A picture of a person to be a good por
trait should be more than a mere sem
blance of the features of that person. The
features are, of course, necessary, but
there is something beyond that, and it
should be the aim of the amateur to find it.
If you will go into a dimly lighted room
where there are many people you are well
acquainted with it will be possible to pick
out the different ones even though not a
single detail of their features is visible.
A photograph that would show the same
people as faintly would also show them so
they could be recognized. The reason for
this is that the principal characteristics of
the people are the most prominent and as
a consequence the most apparent.
Seat two people side by side in the same
light. They will in a way have the same
features— eye?, no«e, mouth, etc. These
features will u- ...fferent shapes and also
different size.-- individually and compara
tively. It is comparatively that the great
est difference in resemblance will be ob
served. A man may have a large-sized
nose and also a large mouth and eyes, but
his nose will not look as large as that of a
man whose nose is much smaller of itself
but whose mouth and eyes are smaller by
comparison. The most prominent feature
is what causes the likeness, and on the
skill of the handling of this will the merit
of the portrait depend.
If you will carefully study a faint nega
tive of a group of people you will see that
in many cases it is only the prominent
features that show at all. One man can be
recognized simply by the cut of his hair
and another can be tola by the peculiar
shape of bis chin. In many cases only a
man's beard is enough to give a likeness.
The idea in making good portraits is to
pick out these features and then arrange
them so as to produce a pleasine effect.
This can be done by light and shade or by
some sort of background that will detract
from -svaat would otherwise be offensively
were from 8000 to 9200 feet above sea level.
Up, up, up we kept climbing, until we
had gained an altitude of 9200 feet,
whence we obtained our first glimpse of the I
glinting waters of beautiful Lake Ten-ie
ya. On our left stood snow-draped and
craggy Mount Hoffman, 10.S70 feet in j
height, from whose bold summit every j
peak of the Sierras within a radius of fifty
miles is clearly visible, and the sound of
human voices, loudly shouted, is rolled
back in echoes several times. In front
towers up Mount Dana, 13,227 feet; Mount
Gibbs, 12,000 feet, and, farther south,
Mount Lvell, 13,200 feet, while to the north
and west rise the cliffs and domes of
Yosemite. The glorious prospect from
this commanding standpoint once seen
will become an enchanting memory for
ever. "From Yosemite to the summit of
he Sierra Nevada," wrote Professor
William H. Brewer, after whom Mount
Brewer is most worthily named, "there
abounds more grand scenery than can be
found in any other portion of the State."
The view that is most strikingly beautiful,
perhaps, from the highest point attained
on this road before making the descent to
the Jake is that toward Cathedral Peak,
with many wildly deep canyons inter
vening. This is very fine, encompassed
as it is with other fascinating landmarks.
Carefully picking our way down the
Tioga road, now considerably washed and
torn by thunderstorms and cloudbursts,
on every hand can be seen the unmistaka
ble evidences of the great glacial epoch
which in the long, long ago of number
less centuries once covered this entire
region even to the very summits of the
Sierra Nevada Mountains with perpetual
PORTRAIT OF MRS. C W. CONLISK.
An original bit of full-length portraiture that illustrates well the natural and unconventiona 1
pose, and perfect contrast of light and shade that brings out the details faithfully.
prominent. It i9 troe that many people
do not want portraits of themselves as they
are, but prefer some retouched work that
does not look like anybody in particular.
But the Amateur should work for some
thing better.
There is another thing to be studied as
well as features, and this is habitual atti
tudes. Some men constantly look
straight at you, and as a consequence
their profiles never show when they are
talking to you. Others are just the re
verse. Tbey seem to be looking some
where else all the time ana are best shown
by a partial view of the sides of their
faces.
The accompanying picture of John
Ruskm by a London photographer is ad
mirable. Nobody ever saw the sides of
Ruskin's face except when ne was talking
to some one else. The pose of the head is
also characteristic.
The shape of Ruskin's nose is a promi
nent feature. Without showing this the
picture would be a failure. But it has
been accomplished in the most admirable
ice. Patches of highly polished and
deeply striated granite- miles in extent
are seen in all directions. These glacial
writings are to be found on every moun
tain side and valley floor where disinte
gration has not effaced the record. Then
enormous bowlders brought down on ihe
bacfcs of glaciers are lying in every direc
tion and position. When making the
j descent to Lake Ten-ie-ya on the old trail
before the present road was constructed
the utmost care was an absolute necessity
to prevent the horses from slipping and
falling on the glaciated surface of the roct.
At last, after a tramp of ten days, we
stand upon its charming shores. It sur
face is as smoothly polished as a mirror,
and reflects the surrounding mountains
witn clear distinctness. Its area is about
one and a half miles east and west and
three-quarters of a mile north and south.
Evidently this great basin was hewn out —
plowed out by the resistless glaciers of
former ages. Although very deep on its
southern side, it is shallow on its northern
shore — so shallow that the Tioga road is
built directly in and through its waters.
At the eastern and northern end the cliffs
are mostly dome-shaped and ulacier
rounded and polished. These are named
"Ten-ie-ya's Dome" and "Murphy's
Dome." On its southern edge "Ten-ie-ya
Peak" towers boldly up to an altitnde of
2000 feet above the lake, and playfully
throws back the echoes of our voices.
LEFT BY THE GLACIER ON A POLISHED FLOOR.
This lake is the main source of the waters
of Ten-ie-ya Creek, that runs through and
forms Mirror Lake in Yosemite. Durinc
the winter Lake Ten-ie-ya is completely
frozen over.
There is a most curious phenomenon
observable here on summer mornings.
When standinc on its northern shore a
peculiar sound shoots through the air
with almost startling volocity, apparently
about a mile above the lake. It resembles
something between a whistle and a hiss,
and its course seems generally to be from
west by south to east by north. I have
heard this many times and io different
years. Now the question is at least al
lowable, What can it be?
While here on this visit a heavy thun
derstorm broke upon us and these cabins
proved to U3 a much needed shelter.
After lingering another day among
manner. The pose of the head and the
characteristic expression e.re brought out
by the full-face view. The shape of the
nose is shown by the light and shade.
The dark background makes this possible,
as the delicate tones of the face are made
prominent. If the background was light
the face would look much harder and the
shadows much denser.
Many mothers have Bmall kodak pic
tures of their little ones, taken while they
were at play, that they would not ex
change for the finest large pictures taken
in the gallery of the best photographers
in the country. The kodak pictures show
the real child in natural positions and
never grow old. While the child grows
up the mother atill sees it as a babe at
play.
It is the same with older people. How
much more natural seems the amateur's
picture of grandmother, seated in her
favorite corner with her favorite book,
than the gallery product that made her
look ten years younger than she really
was.
these enc 1 anting scenes, bathing in th*
lake, gatnering and pressing ferns and
flowers, we wished Lake Ten-ie-va a re
luctant "Good-by" ; and as this was to be
the extreme point of our rambles, at
least for the present season, we com
menced to climb the hill on our return
and made "Flower Camp," for thus we
nnd christened it, thai evening. There
we ia:rieu another day, as it was on this
slope that we had found over seventy
species of flowers and grasses. Some of
tne latter, being over three feet high,
their tops heavily seeded, with stems
compact at the ground, wou'd make valu
able forage grasses for cultivation.
When we again awoke and could shout
"Behold how knightly breats the morn
ing!" the duties of camp life were soon
performed, and as our faces were now to
be set Yosemiteward we were exuitantly
looking forward to our early advent there.
About a mile west of "Flower Camp," or
seven from the lake, we struck the Yo
semite Valley trail, now well worn by ihe
United States cavalry, and another day's
journey brought us within its marvelous
precincts. While zigzagging down the
Eagle Peak trail brilliant flashes of light
ning played around the crest of "The Sen
tinel." Loud peals ot thunder rolled out
from the black clouds that encompassed
and filled the great valley with reverberat
ing echoes, if possible heightening and in
tensifying our av;e and reverence. for this
glorious sanctum of majesty and beauty.
Soon the drenching rain began to fall. We
would have liked to s ek the shelter of the
old cabin had not a few of the Commis
sioners a few days before, for the purpose,
possibly of showing the exceedingly
small material of which some of
them are made, presumed to re
luse to ratify the unanimous action
of the State Legislature in placing
that cabin and orchard at my service. I
need hardly say that unless I can have
them freeJy and pleasantly 1 do not
want them. We wound up our trip by a
most delightful rest at the Stoneman
House, under the care of its kind and hos
pitable host, J. J. Cook. To our great
sorrow this fine hostelry will no longer
open its doors to the weary and hungry
traveler, as it has since been utterly de-
Btroved by fire. J. M. Hutchings.
FULL LENGTH
FIGURE WORK,
All the Details Must
Be Exact
The Best Jesuits Arc Obtained
by Selecting a Natural
/Utitude
In making full-length portraits it is
necessary to get resemblance in every part
of the body as well as the face. The re
semblance exists just as strongly as in the
face, and if anything is easier to find. If
you see a friend several hundred feet away
it will bo easy to recognize him even
though there is not a single detail of his.
face or apparel visible. In many cases it
will be possible to recognize him when his
face cannot be seen, but is turned in an
other direction. This is the result of his
character and the manner of his carriage,
all of which must be studied in order to
make a figure portrait that is true to na
ture.
If a man habitually stands with his head
pushed forward, as though in deep thought,
it would surely be a mistake to pose him
with his head thrown back like a dandy
soldier. The features wouid be there, but
there would be something lacking that
might not be apparent at once. Such a
picture soon grows tiresome and iu tims
ceases to resemble the person at all. Let
the person take a natural pose. Or if you
want a real good picture make an effort to
get him when he does not know it. Catch
him in some occupation where ho is un
conscious ot anything else, and make a
snap shot. Such a picture will erow on
you, and the more you see of it the more
you wili like it.
The full-length portrait illustration is a
delightfully original bit of work that was
done by an amateur of this City, C. W.
Conlisk. The figure is that of Mrs. Con
lisk, his wife, and the pose is so natural
and easy that one almost expects the lady
to speak. Every part of the figure is- a
likeness and the pose is so natural that the
lady seems about to address you. There is
no effort at striking an attitude in thia
picture. -The lady is simply resting her
foot on the log in an easy position and is
as unconscious of posing as possible. But
the picture was not made without study.
Notice how the light and shade are ar
ranged and how Jree from conventionality
it is. See how the light strikes the face.
It is soft and yet strong enough to pro
duce all the contrast required. Every
feature shows perfectly, and at ihe same
time the artistic arrangement of the pic
ture leaves nothing to be desired.
The selection of the background is a
particularly good bit of work. It just
suits the figure and furnishes the required
amount of dark to produce harmony.
2324
J^pfpLLEGED FRAUDS IN LAND
m$Sk GRANTS AND CHARGES
&*&m OF GROSS PERJURY— THE
FEDERAL GRAND JURY WILL SIFT
THE MATTER
What promises to be one of the most
sensational scandals in the history of
California mining operations is now be-n>r
investigated by the Federal authorities.
It is more than probable that the United
States Grand Jury at its session next
Tuesday will return an indictment
against Lincoln Brodt of Chico, Butte
County, charging him with perjury and
sundry other offenses against the Govern
ment.
The property directly involved ie known
as the Alki mine, located in Butte County,
though there is altogether something liKe
360 acres which will be affected bv tbe pro
ceedings. The money value at stake will
piobably reach $200,000, the improvements
in the Alki mine alone amounting to over
$21,000.
The present trouble is of recent origin.
On August 19 of the current year Lincoln
Brodi of Chico entered at the Marysville
Land Office certain properties as timber
lands. Brodt was backed up in his claims
by one Fred Jones and O. M. Euslow, at
one time Surveyor of Butte County.
In time all the squatters and miners on
the land were notified to move off, under
penalty of the law. The warning proved
to be somewhat of a bombshell, as there
had never before been any question raised
a- to whether the land was timber or min
eral. It had always been regarded as
strictly mineral. When, therefore, Brodt
entered it as fit timber property a perfect
how! of indienant protests was sent up.
At first there wa< apparently nothing to
do but quietly submit. The fact that the
Land Office had issued a timber patent on
a mining property seemed temporarily at
least to put an end to any possible pro
test. It seems, however, that George
Parry and M. L. Merry had invented sev
eral thousand dollars in a mine within the
alleged timber district and they did not
propose to Iq^e their all without a struggle.
These «entlemen it seems own what is
generally known as the Alki mine, the
same having been duly recorded accord
ing to the provisions of the mining act of
Congress. Tne property is located near
the village ol Magalia, Butte County, and
the parties named have been in possession
for more than nine years.
The mine is in Township 23, north
range, ana is described as follows: East
naif of the northwest quarter and .he west
half of the northeast quarter in section 19,
and the east half of the southwest quarter
and the south half of the southeast quar
ter, the north quarter of the southeast
quarter and the east half of the northwest
quarter of the southeast quarter of sec
tion 18.
Parry and Merry specifically claim that
they have mined, improved and developed
the above described property for a period
of nearly ten year, and that since the
original location was made they have
never ceased to be in possession of it
They have run an incline into a gold
bearing channel to a length of 1000 feet,
the total dip being 225 feet lower than the
mouth.
In order to successfully carry on the
work they have constructed ditches and
flumes over eleven miles long, with a car
rying capacity of 400 miners' inches of
water. This water is brought direct to
the mouth of the incline, wtiere the power
is ntilized by means of a thirty-foot wheel.
From this is run a system of pumps and it
is also made to hoist the rich gravel from
out the tunnel oj incline.
Merry and Parry further claim that they
do not know either Brodt or his witness,
Fred Jones, but that they are personally
acquainted with Enslow, the ex-County
Surveyor of Butte County. They also
affirm that they were not aware of their
mining property being entered as timber
lands until it was too late to file a protest.
Parry go6s a little farther than this,
however. A few days ago he made affi
davit before a notary public of BuUe
County that Brodt, according to his be
lief, procured the timber patent for the
purpose of defrauding Merry and him
self out of their rights in the AiKi mine
and ultimately obtaining a title to the
same. Purry also swears that the patent
was procured by means of perjured wit
nesses and that Brodt himself is also guilty
of perjury.
Parry and Merry are supported in their
position by some of the most influential
citizens of Butte County. Among them
may be mentioned R. D. Jones, a life-lo ig
miner; Uriah Heap, a miner; J. Cohn,
merchant ; M. Gooday, merchant, and it.
M. Ingraham, for the last twenty years a
miner in Butte County. These gentle
men, without exception, are willing to
swear that the property entered by Brott
as timber land is fit only for mineral pur
poses, and has been so regarded for more
than twenty years. In fact there ia hardly
enough timber on it to supply the
needs of the various mines.
It is definitely known that the facts as
related above have been in the possession
of District Attorney Foote for some time.
They are in the form of affidavits and will
be submitted to the Grand Jury at its next
session. Mr. Foote could not be seen yes
terday, but his assistant, Mr. Schlessinger,
was asked to give some information about
the proposed criminal proceedings.
"I am not in a position to say anything
about the matter," he said. "The evi
dence now in the possession of the Gov
ernment is of a strictly confidential char
acter, and any action that we might con
template could not, of course, be heralded
to the world for the simple reason that it
might and probably would thwart justice."
Altogether, no case for months past has
SECTIONAL VIEW OF THE NEW TORPEDO-BOAT DESTROYER TO BE BUILT AT THE UNION IRON WORKS.
Line and Only Twenty Feet Beam, With a Draft oiSi^Feet-The CoaUaltTtice is $227,500. " e 10 Feet Long on the Water
excited such intense interest in Federal
circles as the action already told. If the
affidavits of Parry, Merry and others are
correct, then a most gigautic land steal
has been attempted. It is said also that
others in Butte County will be prosecuted
as soon as the present action is disposed of.
FRENCH CAPITAL
for California Mines.
Baron de Boufray's
Story of Two Months in
the State Gold Mines.
The Baron de Boufray, whose estates
are in the province of Maine, in the west
of France, and who has a winter home in
Paris, is at the Palace.
At the request of some of his country
men who are interested in mining in Trin
ity County and elsewhere in California he
came here two months ago and has since
been in Trinity, Siskiyou and Calaveras
counties examining properties.
"I am not a practical mining man."
said the baron yesterday to a Call repre
sentative, "and therefore I am not able to
jiidjie accurately of the merits of different
property that I have examined. However,
so far as I can see, the gravel mines,
though paying Ies3 for the work done,
seem to be more steady and certain than
the quartz properties. I may invest in
some mines later, and if I do probably a
number of my friends will. At any rate,
1 expect to tome bacK to California and
spend some further time here.
"The free-silver acitation you have here
I hardly understand. In France we like
:o go safe, and we are very careful of our
finances. The Bank of France has an
enormous reserve of told at all times in
its vaults. France has never issued a
piece ot paper money without having the
gold behind it.
"Our people have grown conservative in
late years. They do not like gambling in
! any form, and they would rather have an
investment that would pay 2 pet tent
>ure than have one that might pay 20, but
which might pay nothing at ail. They do
not like to take chances. We have never
had free coinage of silver in France, and
the Minister of Finance deems it unwise.
It does not seem to me that the free coin
ace of the white metal here would be cood
for business. And it seems to me that it
Li dangerous in America to have free til
ver for the credit of America.
"The people are wonderfully hospitable
in California, and I yhali always have a
warm re.-ard for them. I live in the west
of France in summer and go to the city in
winter."
The Baron will heave on his way to
France to-day.
He Sleeps
Only When Erect
On His Feet
Jake Rogers says that he is the only man
in the world who sleeps standing up.
And most likely he is right aDont it, al
though there are many men living who
claim to have done it under compulsion
during the last war. JaKe also says that
the reason he is so healthy is because he
sleeps the way he does. Most people,
however, would prefer to nave a little less
health and a little more comf >rt.
The place where Jake has his home is
not a very well populated one. It is in
Mendocino County, only a few miles
northeast of Los Robles, and the nearest
neighbor is some distance from his place.
But then Jake don't want neighbors, so
that feature is really an inducement for
him. In fact Jake says that the reason he
took up his present abode was to get rid
of neighbors. He is not of a very good
disposition, and an effort to get him to
talk about anything but himself will
surely result in failure.
It is safe to say that Jake's house is the
only one of the kind in the world. It is
built to sleep standing up in, ai:d it would
be impossibln fora person to sleep in It
any other way unless they curled up lite a
bear. Jake built the house himself ont of
boards and logs that he picked up in dif
ferent parts of the country. It is a queer
looking affair, having greatly the appear
ance of a chimney with a roof on it. And
a very dilapidated roof at that. But the
shanty is a strong one and keeps out the
wet, and that is all that is required. Even
the latter is not required the greater part
of the year in that section. There is dnly
one door to the hou~e and no windows.
While the outside of the bouse may look
queer the inside looks queerer. There is
only one piece of furniture and that is
what Juke calls his bed. It really looks
more like a coffin standing on end, for
it is a sort of box tilted back only a few
inches from the perpendicular. It is
nailed to the bottom and also at the top
so that it ia immovable. The inside of it
is lined with straw, covered with cloth, to
give it a little comfort in cold weather,
Jake says.
When Jake wants to sleep all he does is
to lie back in his box and close bis eyea.
He says it don't take him long to forget
THE SAN FRANCISCO CA£L, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
his troubles. In the next breath be will
tell you he has no troubles since he took
to sleeping standing up.
Jake does no cooking in his house sim
ply because tliere is no room. His culi
nary department is located under a tree a
short distance away. His food con sists of
anything he can get by begging, borrow
ing or finding. But he don't do much
borrowing since the neighbors have grown
; to know him.
"The wav I sleep is the only right way
for anybody to sleep," said Jake, "and the
sooner people come to their senses and do
as I do the sooner disease will be stamped
out of the world. The noblest animal of
all is the horse, and he sleeps standing
Jake Rogers and His Home
op. How did I come to find out mat it
was the right way? Oh, that is easy
enough to answer.
" i <iu see I was sick as a boy, way back
In Massachusetts, about seventy years a^o,
and nottiing I did done me no sort of
good. There always was something the
matter, and as soon as I laid down in bed
'■ my h*ad began to ache. But do you
, know I stood that for ni -h onto half a
century before I got any sense into me?
And then I was out in California dieeinj*
i for gold.
"One night my head ached so "lal I
couldn't stay in bed, and had In - ..ind
against the wall to get relief. VfitUool
knowing it I fell asleep, and when 1 woke
THE WHITE WINGED ANTS THAT BRING RAIN.
up I felt like a new man. I made up my
mind to sleep that way all the time, but
had trouble to find a place to do it. Thai
is the reason I moved out to this place.
It's over fifteen years ago and I have never
had a sign of the old trouble, and am con
vinced that sleeping in bed is the cause of
all the pain and disease in the worid.
Sleep standing up and you will be a new
man in a short time."
The stran e thing about Jake's theory is
that he admits that he doesn't rest when
he sleeps standing up. He has to do that
under the trees the next day. He says
that has nothing to do with his idea,
though, for most people do too much work,
anyhow.
The Hairs of Your Head
The number of hairs on the human scalp
varies from 90,000 to 120,000; a single hair
can support a weight of two ounces, and
is so elastic that it may be stretched one
third of its entire leng h and then regain
its former size and condition.
Between January 1 of the year 1137 and
January 1, 1896, over 7,000,000 persons per
ished in earthquakes. The greatest mor
tality in any one shock or series of shocks
was at Yeddo, Japan, in 1703, when 191,
000 persons perished in three days and
nights.
||g§||UEER INSECTS THAT BRING
RAIN TO SAN FRANCISCO.
™** THEY HOLLOW OUT BIG
PALACES AND CAUSE THEM
TO COLLAPSE SUDDENLY
"I notice the air is fall of winged in
sects and has been all morning," said
John Timnions, the veteran editor, at the
Press Club the other day. "I never knew
this thing to happen that it didn't rain.
Over and over ag:iin have I seen these
bugs floating around in the air. It's a
sure thing that we have a downpour.
"This insect is about an inch lone, with
a im, gauzy wings, and looks like a darn
ing-needle; is reddish or reddish-brown in
color. I remember a few years ago a lot
of local scientist were interviewed about
this insect, which is popularly referred to
aa the while ant. They all said that it
came just before the hrst rain in Cali
fornia." .
As a prophet the veteran newspaper
man was a success, lor scarcely a day had
elapsed when the annual downpour be
gan. At intervals since then the insects
have been noticed in all parts of the City,
and there has been a good deal of curi
osity regarding ti.em. In some places
they appear in large numbers, flitting
Hither and thither like the grasshoppers
during the grasshopper placue, and again
you will see only a few, and these few
probably skimming over mud puddles and
bits of water found here and there.
"That insect of which you speak," said
Professor Charles Fucha of the Academy
of Sciences to a Call representative, "is
one of the strangest and most interesting
of the isoptera to which it belongs. The
scientists reduce it still further to what
they call the termites, or white ants. But,
properly speaking, it is no white ant at
all. These insects are miners. They
bore through wood and live on the wood,
and in this way they have been known in
the tropical countries, where they flour
ish to a great degree, to permeate the
wooden walls of houses until they have
literally eaten them out and the great edi
fices have collapsed from their own
weight. These straute insects are like the
bee, in tha*. they have a martial govern
ment and go and come with the exactness
of trained soldiers.
"They live in mounds, sometimes twelve
to fifteen feet higii and fifty feet around.
I Other kinds have their nests several feet
thick in trees. Although they were
originally inhabitants of the tropics they
an* ik>w cosmopolitan, being found in al
most ali part-: of the known world.
•'Alexander von Humboldt, who, you
know, used to be in California, has stated
that he has known of many instances
where these insects have taken pos
session of a house; nooody knew tDey
were there, but in alktle while crash went
j the house, and that's all there was of it.
Then it developed that it was this curious
little cosmopolitan that had hollowed out
the ; oibe.
"In Mexico the insects have destroyed
many of the old state documents; in In
dia it is the same. They have also de
stroyed the paper money in some coun
tries. They have got into the armories and
eaten away the stocks of the guns. They
got into the palace of the German Con
sul at Calcutta and totally destroyed it.
A ship which had for some time been at
the wharf at Bombay on being taken to
the drydock broke in pieces.
"In Africa the natives roast and eat these
insects, considering them a rare delicacy.
: They eat them there just the same as we
eat oysters here. They eat other kinds of
bugs, too, but none of them are prized as
these are; none of them are equal to tuem
in delicacy.
"In the curious homes which these in
sects construct they form numerous socie
ties. Their dwelling contain multitudes
of galleries and coambers, and they al
ways work in the dark. Often if they
wish to move from one locality to another
they construct tunnels, and it is becau-e
of this they are sometimes compared to
the ants. It is in hot climates the insect
attains its greatest size. This is why you
see them here in California as big as they
are.
"I never go oat around the streets of
San Francisco and see these remarkable
insects that my mind does not revert to
their singular intelligence. It ia almost
human in character, and were there no
people on the streets whatever and I en
tirely alone yet I would never be alone
with these curious forms of animal crea
tion about me.
"It is said that a third of all the fla
country in Ceylon is undermined by theiut
I spoke a while ago about their curious
houses. In Western Africa they erect
these dwellings in the form of pyramids
or cones and flank the edifices with little
towers, constructing them so solid'y that
many men may stand ou Them and not
fali through.
"There are a lot of soldiers on duty all
the time; they are very large and have
great jaws, and are always ready to attack
anybody molesting their homes. Every
house or community has a king and queen,
laoorers and soldiers, and there are about
100 laborers to every soldier.
'They begin to emigrate at the com
mencement of the rainy season. As their
wings are not strong, for the emigrants
arc all young, they are only calculated to
carry them for a few hours. Many of
them get caught in the rains, and the
number that perish in this way is enor
mous. It is said that not one pair out of
many thousands reach a place in safety.
••The queen lays about sixty eggs in a
minute, or 80,000 in twenty-four hours,
and they are instantly taken away by the
laborers and carried to a part of the ant
hill, where they are Hatched. And the
larva; are tended to and nursed until able
to shiit for themselves."
"It appears that the curious insect which
now floats about the streets of San Fran
cisco does not here destroy buildings, as in
the hotter countries; it is more a creature
of curiosity than anything else. The met
amorphosis of the insect is peculiar. Seen
at different times during the different
stages of development it wouldn't be rec
ognized as the same thing. At one time it
is a little bit of a bnnty, insignificant
looking bug with a couple of antennas, a
collar with a flaunting end on each side
and a couple of pairs of legs; add to this a
ridgy back, and that's the bug as a whole.
"Seen at another stage the bug has
evolved and developed the most striking
thing about it, being a pair of hornlike
pinchers, which extend out in front of its
eyes.
f|lP IDS FOR THE TORPEDO
jKsdK BOAT DESTROYER— THE
CHEAPEST LABOR
PRODUCES THE MOST EXPENSIVE
VESSELS THE WORLD OVER
In connection with the bid awarded '
the Union Iron Works the folJow- j
ing data of foreign torpedo-boats is of
interest. It will be noted as a remarkable |
fact that boats built in France, where
wages are the lowest of the three conn- j
tries specified, are more costly tban in
Germany and England, and that the latter
country produces the best boatB at the
smallest comparative cost:
BRITISH BOATS.
Naim. fg I 1 5 I
• «* . & m .
; tr • ft a
Havock 180 240 S.2C0 26.17
Daring 185 *60 3,500 .;7.7
ArJent : 2jO 270.O.800 27.97
(■turgeon.... 196 280 4,000 27
taushee 510 290 4,4. 0 27.57
Kocket -^05.6 295 4,000 -.7. 37
Zebra '-'00 300 4,600 *27
No. 91 140 130 2,400 *23.6
.No. 97 140 13,j g,6tO 23.35
CONTRACT COST OF BRITISH BOATS.
— —
- 8
nakk. r I
! 9
Havoc $72,500 ?94,870
Daring 71,745 95.625
Ardent 77,140 107,0b0
Sturgeon 74,000 97,535
Banshee 67,500 110,285
Rociiet 68,335 107.350
Zebra 78,75 119,960
Average cost per ton $277 00
Average cost per horsepower.. 26 ' 74
Average total coat per ton 642 00 ■
No. 91....... 31,575 43,425
No. 97 37,600 37,500
Average cost per ton $265 00
Average cost per horsepower.. 15 30
Average total cost per ton 638 50
FRENCH TORPEDO-BOATS.
.-3 * op ft
§ -oo "g g
Names. 5 1 3 ■ 2 ™
'• r* ■ i
Corsalre 150 2,500 25.5 $152,000
Ouragan 148 1,400 21.7 110,000
Lansquenet 138 ,800 24 125,405
Aquiion ..... 2,000 25 13 .885
Lander 118 1,400 25.8 100.600
So. 145 75 1,300 23.8 71.590
Xo. 87 56| 525 'JO 85,100
Average cost per ton of the three boats Is 8888.
against $53H 6 J of N'os. 91 and 96 In the British
.Navy of similar design.
German torpedo-boats of 140 tons and 22 knots
speed averaije $782 per ton contract price for hull
and machinery.
Considering the circumstances connected
with the recent bids for torpedo-boats the
offer of the Union Iron Works is the low
est of all, and it would seem as if glory
rather than gold prompted tne firm to
make so low an offer. The building of a
vessel of such a speed is an undertaking
that requires the highest class of work
manship; it is nearly all labor and the
success will reflect more credit to the
builders than the triumphs of the Charles
ton, San Francisco, Monterey, Olympia
and Oregon. For the first time in our new
navy building would-be contractors are
leftentirely untrammeled astodetails, ex
cept speed and cost, to design and build
vessels of phenomenal Bpeed, and while
these boats will to a large extent be copies
of similar ones built aoroad it is neverthe
less a bold undertaking. Thornycroft, the
world-known torpedo-boat builder, in
"The first bug is a workman and the
second is a soldier, but it i3 the well
developed male which is a thing of beauty
and which attracts general attention.
This insect is noted for its beautifully
colored wings, which are long and marked
by veins like the delicate markings of the
most delicate leaf.
"The males and females of these insects
have large wines, the cross or transverse
nervures of which can scarcely be seen
Their heads are large and strong, and
tnere are three ocelli between the larger
pair of eyes. Among these insects are the
neuters, which never have any wings. It
is among these that the workers, or labor
ers, and soldiers are found. The laborers
have cuiiuus round heads and short man
d.bles. Tne soldiers all have long heads
and large, strong jaws.
"In this connection I may say that
there is a peculiar insect resembling this,
and very often found with them, which
frequents mosses and the trunks of trees
and old walls, and a very small species
frequent houses and are particularly foml
of crawling among old and damp papers.
"One of the things that has interested
me is the remarkable mounds they buik',
and to which I have alluded. Think of a
bouse of this kind reaching as nigh a
fifteen feet, nearly twenty feet through at
the base, and filled with caverns and cor
ridors, halls and avenues, and remember
again that these strange abodes are filled
with teeming thousands of colonists,
ruled by regsl authority, and think, too,
of the tireless laborers in the great colony
and the soldiers who move to and fro, ever
on guard and ever ready to repulse a foe,
however great."
ENCOURAGING ART
The story is going the rounds of tne
press that Sir Frederick Leighton once
supplemented words of advice and en
couragement to a struggling young artist
by handing him an envelope containing a
check for £50, with the remark: "One day,
my friend, I do not doubt that you will be
able to draw even better than this." This
reminds me of the anecdote told of the
first visit of old Joseph Gillott, the pen
man, to Turner. "I have come to swan
some of my pictures for yours, " he said.
"What do you mean?" exclaimed Turner,
"you don't paint!" "No, I don't, but I
draw," said Gillott, unfolding a roll of
Bank of England notes, "and here are
some of niv pictures."
England, has built considerably over 1000
boats; Yarrow, another British firm, num
ber their output by the hundreds; while
the German firm of Schichau and Nor
niand in France have likewise contributed
large numbers to the torpedo fleets, and
now a firm located in a part of the world
where wages are higher than anywhere
else, and more than twice what is paid by
Thornycrott, is ready to build a vessel at
an advance of only about 25 per cent on
the cost per ton of the Ardent, built by
England's most skillful torpedo-boat
builder.
The naval appropriation of June 10 last
provided for the construction of three 30
knot torpedo-boats at the total cost not to
exceed $800,000. The boats will be built
and fitted complete for sea by the con
tractors, with the exception of sea stores,
ordnance and ordnance outfits of all
kinds, which, however, will be fitted by
the contractors, and the latter are to fur
nish small boats, furniture of all kinds,
electric plant, anchors, cables, rignins,
awnings, galleys ana furniture for galleys
of all kinds. The cost of $800,000 for the
three boats includes tnat of ordnance,
which amounts to $19,800 for the Union
Iron Works' boat. On this basis of six
6-pounders and two torpedo tubes, $59,400
deducted from $800,000 leaves $740,600 for
the contract price of the boats, or $246,867
for ei ch. The' Union Iron Works' bid is
$19,867 below the average allowance, leav
ing $513,100 for other contractors, and
gives a chance to the Bath Iron Works for
two boats of 230 tons and 30}£-knot speed
at a cost of $470,000. with a balance of
$102,900 to be expended by the Govern
ment on ordnance, etc
The naval appropriation further pro
vided for boats, not to exceed ten in num
ber, to cost in all not exceeding $500,000,
and the Navy Department invited bids on
two classes, denominated type No. 1 and
No. 2, subiect to stipulation of speeds and
cost of armament to be borne by the Gov
ernment out of the $500,000 limit of cost.
Type No. 1, intended for possible use on
the Great Lakes, is to maintain an average
speed for two consecutive hours of not less
than twenty knots. Of the nine bids
made by seven firms the Herreshoffs'
offer to build one boat for $40,000 and
three for $37,500 each is the lowest. The
armament of these boats is to be one 1
pounder rapid firing gun and two torpe
does, the cost of which with fittings is
$7140. If the speed falls below twenty
knots and exceeds nineteen knots the
boat will be accepted at a reduction of
$10,000 per knot below twenty knots. If
the speed falls below nineteen knots the
Secretary of the Navy may in his discre
tion reject or accept the vessel at a re
duced price to be mutually agreed upon
between tne Secretary and the contractors-
Type No. 2 is on the Cushing design of
about 105 tons displacement, to maintain
a speed of twenty-two and a half knots for
two hours and to carry an armament of
three 1-pounders aiid to have three tor
pedo tubes, the cost of said ordnance
being about $11,640. If the speed falls be-
low twenty-two and a naif knots and ex
ceeds twenty-one and a half knots the
boat will be accepted afa reduction of
$10 000 per knot speed below twenty-two
and a half knots, and if it falls beldw
twenty-one and a half the boat may be
either rejected or accepted as the Secre
tary may decide at a redaced coat.
In the absence of detailed combinations
of bids the number of boats of each type
■annot be accurately determined; it
would seem, however, as if six boats may
be awarded, three of each type, and a pos
sibility of a fourth one of either type,
making a total of ten boats.
These torpedo-boats are to be completed
within the following limits of time: Those
of thirty kno:s in eighteen months, the
others in twelve.
The torpedo flotilla of the United States,
navy is of slow growth. Only three, the
Stiletto, purchased in 1883; Cushing, built
in 1889, and the Ericsson, contracted for in
October, 1891, and completed in 1896, are
ready for service. Three boats of 142 tons
and three of 182 tons were contracted for
in May, 1895, to be completed by August
2, 1896, but only one boat • ha3 been,
launched. The contractors lay the blame
of non-delivery to the steel manufactur
ers. As it is ten years since the new navy
Duilding began in earnest, it would seeJri
to have given steel manufacturers suffi
cient practice in turning out the requisite
material in a reasonable time, for the de
lay is both humiliating and expensive to
the builders and annoying to the Govern
ment.
In a couple of years we may reasonably,
count on having nineteen torpedo-boats, ■
which, however, is but a beginning and
cuts but a small figure as conipared-with
the 1026 torpedo-boats owned collectively
by Great Britain, France, Germany, Italy, •
Russia and Spain.
9
A-jp/o discourage;;-;'
TO DISCOURAGE and '
the Bicycle Thief and
Drive Him Out of ...;
Business — Newest ' •:'.'
Nickel-in-the-Slot Machine . ••
The latest nickel-in-the-slot machine of
practical utility is a coin-locking device
for the safe keeping of bicycles. Every
wheelman dreads the bicycle-thief, and
when compelled to leave his wheel at a
public place has his enjoyment marred
by the fear that it will not be there on
his return. The bicycle-thief and the
horsethief have both the advantage of
being able to make their plunder serve
them as a means of speedy escape, and
with a little paint and trouble can disguise
"heir spoils beyond identification. In
many places not long ano the horsethief
paid the penalty of his crime at the end
of the rope, and the wheelman of to-day
whose Dicycle has been stolen thinks
Nickel-in-the-Slot Bicycle Lock,
lynching about the proper punishment to
fit the crime in his particular instance.
The nickel-in-the-slot bicycle lock is in
tended to place difficulties in the way ol
the bioycle-tbief that will drive him out of
the business and give every wheelman
who leaves his wheel at a public place for
a few moments a sense of security that he
has heretofore not enjoyed. The lock is a
handsome and neat affair. It is the in
vention of M. Philbrook and George J.
Kelley, both of San Francisco. It operates
by dropping a nickel in the slot, when
upon pressing a button an arm swings
into place securely locking the machine
on the removal of the key, which remains
in the possession of the wheelman. When
the box is unlocked and the bicycle re
moved it fastens the key in the lock until
it is operated again.
It is intended to place these locks at
such places at the Cliff House, park, road
side resorts, depots and ferry landings;
in fact, wherever bicyclists most do con
gregate, and in bicycle repositories, or
any place where wheels are in danger of
being stolen or used by parties without
the consent of the owner.
Steps are being taken toward organizing
a stock company to manufacture and oper
ate these locks on this coast. It is pro
posed to put them in on the same terms as
nickel telephones and other nickel-in-the
slot machines, the company putting them
in gratis and the proprietor of the place
where they are put sharing in the proceed*• "Pit-a-pat, pit-a-pat," went the rain-!
drops'
"Oh, pshaw, isn't it mean?" a little girl
Whom i Know said out loud, too.
."Oh, dear, I wish it would never rain!"
was the thoughtless remark made in my
hearing by a boy who deserved to be real
thirsty just once.
But the happy, the jolly, the sunshiny
boys and eirls thought it great fun to get
oat waterproofs, umbrellas and overshoes
and then trudge off to school in the rain
The tiny tots didn't like it a bit, for
they rresBed their little noses against
window-panes and looked out with such
doleful faces it quite gave one the blues to
see them.
But my! It didn't last long, and the
days are again beautiful and golden and
lull of sweetness.
September gave us just a gentle hint of
.the coming winter, so let's enjoy every
moment mat's, left of this glorious mid
summer time.
Full to overflowing have been the past
few weeks! full of work and of play;
school, circus. Admission day and the fair.
Now September days are almost over,
and soon we'll turn, with many a hearty
greeting, to welcome the bright and glow
ing October.
What the boys and girls of Childhood's
Realm consider interesting events in the
rt cent history of our Nation :
1. The visit of Li Hung Chang.
2. The discussions about gold and silver.
3. McKinley's speeches.
4. Bryan's speeches.
5. The awarding of contracts for build
ing new warships.
<% l/ttw B<H$Kt
Mischievous four-year-old sweet as a rose.
Pretends bu's a burp ar and, under the clothes,
Tossed over the foot of his dainty white bed,
Just as still as a mouse has bidden bis head.
But a little piulc foot that hasn't got eyes,
- Peeping out from the blanket his mamma
descries.
. "Oh, papa! Ob, Bridget I" she calls in mock
fear.
"A policeman! run quick, and bring him
' right here!
Such a wonder we're not robbed right in
broad day!
But I've pot him! I'll hold him! He sha'n't
get away !"
Then out from the tangle of blanket and
sheet
Thl« terrible burglar springs np to his feet ;
One little foot stockinged, the other one bare.
■ A fierce paper helmet perched right on his
hair,
With a queer little chuckle this robber so
small
Makes quick his escape through chamber and
hall.
"To think we should lose," mamma i»ys with
a sigh;
"This dreadful old burglar so cunning and
ttfV
Then the burglar-boy laughs and says "he will
play
He's a burglar again some other dark day."
Bessie McMahok.
(DF JI2R. W.
By Orlirve Qates
. Golden Day i.
*e was a grave and ancient goat, with a
<*i«cellaneous appetite.
"tf ben be first came into the Thomson
fami'.y it was seriously discussed whether
his name should be Bacchus orSilenns,
• but the question was soon settled by the
Bophomore Thomson, home from college,
who named him Williamus Capricornus.
His benevolent appearance was a base
deception, for by nature he was • 1»»1*
mist, and found the one interest in life
' was making the unhappiness of others.
Bo thoroughly did he succeed in this
that he came to be recognized as a charac
ter too ttrong for coercion, and thereby
emanciptted himself from the slavery of
the goatcart, for which be wai originally
- - intended.
With the abundant leisure growing out
of this anti-labor spirit he developed an
almost human intelligence, and his talent
for being disagreeable increased with his
years.
"Yes," Sara Lou, the nurse of the
younger Thomsons, was heard to say.
''Lan' knows, dat air goat, am de mos'
pestiferous varmint what I see yit. When
you see him walkin' roun', kinder slow
lak, chawin 1 an' chawin', jes' you .look
out, honey. He gwine do up de buznes
'fo' mawnin'. Hit 'pear lak what he got
de Sol'mou sperrit to make jokes ag'in dis
fambly. I ain't got no manner of confi
denz en dat dere Cat-you-corners. Dat I
am'. He alias larfin out de cornder ob he
eye."
The Thomsons, with whom W. Capri
cornus condescended to live and take his
meals, were a pleasant family.
They lived in an old-lashioned house
some miles from town, where their city
friends often appeared without formal in
vitation and stayed over night.
It sometimes happened that the com
pany counted more than the rooms, when
the small Thomsons, Ruth, Will, Neil and
Claude, were turned out of the house to
make place for the guests.
At such times they were quartered with
Sara Lou to sleep on cots in a little out
building, called by courtesy the "school
bouse," because every diminutive Thom
son, past and present, had first turned his
toes toward the rough road of learning
under its roof.
"I call it mighty mean," grumbled Will,
as a night of exile repeated itself for the
tilird time in the same week, "to turn a
fellow out in tha cold, with mathematics,
and blackboards, and copybooks, and ink
stands and a Jot of truck that be hates, to
sleep with them all night, whether he
likes it or not. It's hateiul mean. That's
what I call it. Nothing but lessons and ex
amples, day and night."
"Your bad lessons and conduct marks
must haunt you like the little boy's In
Hans Andersen's fairy tale!" laughed
Ruth, who evidently did not suffer from
the same complaint. "Now, I don't mind
sleeping here, but I am afraid!"
"Gee! Isn't that like a girl?" jeered
Will, glad to retaliate. What are you
afraid of? Wbat's here to hurt you?"
"Why," explained Ruih, with a back
ward glance over her shoulder at the only
window in the room, '-Jennie Alien told
me that one-legged Mike was out of the
penitentiary and prowling around their
cow-lot yesterday ! Now, if he's going to
town he'll just about limp as far as here
to-night! Goodness! wbat might not
happen? What would we do?"
She shivered and looked around the
smail room, well lighted by the ruddy
flames of a spiendid oak fire.
"Shaw ! who's afraid of him?" bragged
W ill, with hue scorn. "He's only gotone
leg, to begin with. Besides, there's a pis
tol in thnt desk-drawer. I found it there
this evening, when I was studying my
spelling. If I catc i ' him nosing around
here, you bet, I'll wire his hair like a por
cupine's! Why, I'd shoot him as quick
as — as quick as — "
He paused for a comparison.
"As a square grow, " suggested Claude,
with a talent for mistakes.
"A what?" laughed Nell, who had never
quite forgiven him for displacing her as
the baby ot the,family. "Whoever beard
; of such a creature? That'* what you get
for calling names you don't kuow about.
You don't even know what a scare
crow is!"
"I bet I do!" resented Claude. "It's a
tombstone."
"Nevermind, Claude 1" soothed Ruth,
as they burst out laughing. "I don't know
a worse one on a dark night. But I'm
more afraid of bank robt>ers right now than
I am of a tombstone. I don't care if they
haven't got but one leg that Will sniffs at.
Just suppose that one is walking toward
I this schoolhouse with all its might and
main! I dare say Mi Ke knows all about
it, and has laid his pians to sleep here to
night, years and years ago. They always
do, you know. Perhaps he lay awake in
his cell at night thinking, 'I'll spend the
second night at the Thomsons' school
house.' I look for him any minute!" con
cluded Ruth with a positive conviction.
The children were sitting Turk fashion
on a rug before the fire.
They glanced fuittvely around the room
at Ruth's grewsome suggestion.
It was nearly 12 o'clock, a trespass
azainst their usual early bed hour that
they had reconciled to their consciences
on the plea that mother had said they
might stay up later as compensation for
the exile.
Sara Lou, her black face shining in the
flreglow, rubhed her eyes and stifled her
yawns in the vain effort to keep awake.
In spite of all her heroism her head at
laBt began to nod a cheerful accompani
ment to the children's voices as she
leaned back comfortably against the
chimneypiece.
The night was cold and the wind
whistled through the apple tree that
faced the 8' boolbouse window with such
low spreading branches that a person sit
ting in one of the forks could see the
whole interior of the room.
Claude had fal'en asleep in Ruth's lap.
and the oth.r children sat gazing into the
fire.
Suddenly Will lifted bis head and lis
tened. After a few moments he rose care
lessly from bis Beat, thrust his bands in
his pockets and sauntered about the room
hoping to deceive h.s sisters by the sub
dued whistle that heartened up his cour
age.
"Tne wind blows pretty hard!" he said,
as if inadvertently wandering in apparent
aimless fashion from the door to the win
dow and back again. "'I think I'd better
prop a chair or two against this door.
The wind might blow it open and give you
a cold."
The girls did not laugh at this extra
ordinary concern for their health, as he
examined the bolt and lock of the door
and tried tho window fastenings.
They, too, had heard the mysterious
sound that alarmed Will, and which ail,
three rec gnized was not the wind.
After his careful inspection Will re
turned to his old place by the fire. In
nameless fear they waited in silence for
developments. Between the gusts of wind
footsteps were clearly audible outside.
Whoever it was be seemed to be looking
for an entrance.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
Every now and again be leaned against
the house and rubbed up and down the
wall to locate the door.
The children exchanged terrified glances
each time this was repeated, for they no
longer attempted to disguise from them
selves the alarm of their situation.
Will crawled noiselessly on his hands
and knees to the desk where he had seen
lhe pistol. Once there a new difficulty
presented itself.
The desk was just opposite the window ;
and, if he rose to his full height, any one
from the vantage of the appie tree could
sight every movement, and what might
not happen if he were discovered unearth
ing a pistol?
Ruth and Nell understood instinctively
why he paused. There might be a partner
watching in the fork of the apple tree
while One-legged Mike tried the door.
They were sure it was One-legged Mike
who was walking around the house, be
cause the steps were so uncertain and
faltering.
Carefully laying down Claude, who did
not waken for his hard bed on the floor,
Ruth crept toward her brother. Nell fol
lowed. Each grasped a leg of the desk
and pulled stoutly, but the desk proved
obdurate.
[To be concluded next week.]
IN SEPTEMBER TWILIGHT— GOOD-NIGHT TO THE COWS.
<56JB6LlJtfte -««3D H6W IB6 JB-KKE ZfiETQ.
By Ruth McEneby Sttjabt awd Albert
Bigelow Paine, ix 6t. Nicholas.
Drop a little ink on a sheet of white
paper. Fold the sheet in the center and
preis the ink spots together with the
ringers. All of the following pictures were
made in this manner — none of them hav
ing been touched with a pen or brush.
A great deal of practice only shows that
the Gobolink, as bis name implies, is a
veritable goblin of the ink bottle. It is
hardly to be expected that the animals
and birds of prey referred to under more
or less familiar names in the accompany
ing rhymes will be strikingly correct as to
anatomy. In fact, the most unexpected
and startling results will often occur — re
sults grotesquely and strangely beautiful,
well worthy of preservation.
Now, some one has said in a moment of spleen,
We cannot make pictures of what we've not
teen ;
But such an assertion deserves only scorn.
For the shape of the Gobolink never was born.
He cornea like the marvelous shades of our
dreams,
When one has been supping on salads and
creams,
And curious changes of vision take place —
The horse may appear with an elephant face —
The goat with a cane, and the goose with a
hat—
Six legs on the dog, and two tails on the cat;
We never can tell, though we're sorely per
plexed,
What shape will be shown us, or what will
come next;
And these are the things that onr Gobolinks
do—
Dear friendi, and dear children, we give them
to you.
A WHAT-IS-IT?
There wu an old man of high feather,
Who said, "I can't really tell whether
I'm a man or a mouse,
Or the roof of a house,
So much may depend on the weather."
F15BPY £-ffLE«
NO. 1
By OliVe JHeyderv.
We never called him anything but
Puppy. George did mean to name him
Don, but babv doggie got it all mixed up
with the command, '"Down." When we
called "Don! Don!" he'd drop flat on the
ground, thinking, in his little puppy
mind, that we meant for him to lie down.
So we gave it up, and he was just "Puppy"
as long as we had him.
George brougl.t him home in his over
coat pocket one night. When I went to
call him in the morning, there was Puppy,
a tiny bunch of brown silky hair, with
shiny blue eyes, curled up on George's
arm.
I didn't want a dog. Our yard wasn't
big enough for one, and besides I had it
full of flowers. But I couldn't send that
dear little silky fellow away. The first
time he cuddled his head in my neck and
grunted I loved him.
George wasn't hunting a dog, either; it
was this way. Some one from the country
had sent the puppy to Fred, one of our
THE DRUM MAJOR.
A jolly little Major of the Drum,
Behind him all the shadow people come,
As ne bravely leads the way
For the Gobolink array
With a bearing most Important, and his unl-
form so gay ;
Oh, it's very plain to see that he's the hero of
the day,
This jolly little Major of the Drum.
8TEEPLE MEN.
Two funny old three-legged gnomes
Came out of their shadowy domes;
They made their salute
With a hand ana a foot,
And then hurried back to their homes.
SHEET-AND-PILLOW PARTY.
A pillow-case party the Gobolinks gave,
And it proved a right merry carouse;
But I'm sure you'd have laughed at their atti
tudes grave
As they made their ridiculous bows.
friends. He was a dou of pood breed, a
pointer, I think, and Fred wanted to keep
him, but they lived in a flat, without a
speck of a yard, and Freii's mother said
that she couldn't raise a bis: dog in the
parlor. Fred began hunting around try
ing to find a home for the dog, and he re
membered our back yard and our cat and
bird. I guess he thought we liked live
things, and so we do.
Well, we had the puppy, and now the
next thing was to decide what to do with
him. George begged to keep him; Alice
wanted him, I iiitcd him and he made
himself quite at home, poking bis little
cold nose into everything.
First mother agreed to let him stay a
few days until we could give him to some
one else, but by the time t e few days
were up she, too, had become one of
puppy's friends and we wouldn't give
him up.
Now, that's the way we came to have
Puppy.
"Guess we gotter stand up, Maria," said
Uncle Si, as they stepped aboard the lake
steamer and found all the chairs taken.
"There don't seem to be no cheers for us to
set in."
At this a fresh young college boy got up
and proposed to his comrades that they
give "three cheers for Uncle Si." — Harper's
Round Table.
THE JAUK-O'-MY-GOBLIN.
A terrible creature of Ink-bottle Land,
A Jack-o'-my-goblin is he.
The sea-urchins made him to placa on the
sand,
And frighten the monsters that dwell on the
land.
They took a sea-pumpkin and carved It by
band,
And lighted it up in their glee
With a phosphorus fish from the sea;
Now all the day long on the shore doth he
stand,
While Land-loonies terrified flee,
Oh, yes,
The terrified Land-loodles flee.
THE SOMETHINGS.
A Something met a Some thing
In the mists of Snadowland.
They ran against each other,
And came quickly to a stand.
"And who are you?" said Something One.
And Something Two, said he,
"That's Just the very question that
At once occurred to me."
Butcher Ranch, Placer Co.. Cal., Sept. 21.
Dear Editor I am 12 years old, and my
pai>a has taken The Call for about seventeen
years, we all like to read it. I like to read the
stories and the letters on the children's page.
I live in the mines on the middle fork of the
American River. When I go to school I have
to climb a mountain two miles high. I have a
nice pony to ride to school on, her name is
Dolly. When the weather is stormy I board
with friendi on the top of the mountains. 1
will close, hoping this letter will escape the
waste basket. Yours truly,
Albert Maither.
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: 1 have .*een so many letters in
The Call. I like to read the page entitled "Iu
Childhood's Realm." I am a little girl 11
years old, and I am in the seventh grade at
school. I tried the puzzles ot to-day, and
I made out the seventh and eighth. I hope I
have guessed the puzzles. Well, as my letter
is getting long, I will have to close. Hoping
to see my letter In next Sunday's Call, Ire
main, your little reader Irenb Anderson.
Ban Francisco, Sept. 21, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little boy 8 years old,
and this is the first letter that I have ever j
written. My hone is with my guardian, and j
he reads the children's page to ma every Sun
day. My chum is Willie Kirby. We are
cousins and go to the same school. I had long
blnck curls, and Johnny Culleti went and cut
them off for >pite. He was j-alous because he
couldn't have curls; now I am mad with him.
1 have a little pet dog, two cats and a canary.
I don't like to eo to school, and wish they
would all fall down. Please print my letter
and oblige your little reader,
Charlie McMahon, 546 Fillmore street.
South San Francisco, Ju!y 16. 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl, six years old.
I go to school. This term I have Miss Morri
son. Last term Mrs. Korttck was my teacher.
I look at the children's page every Sunday. I
have one brother and two sisters. Y.ur little
friend Irene Cacbri.
Martinez, CaL, Sept. 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: When 1 read The Call every
Sunday I take great pleasure in the puzzles j
and watch eagerly for the answers, to see if I i
have guessed right. I hava not sent any an- j
swers before because there were almost always
OBfl or two that I could not solve. This time, I
however, I have them all and have decided to i
send them in. Pearl Iiuckstep.
San Francisco, Cal., Sept. 16. 1896.
Dear Editor: I went (o the fair yesterday, i!
saw many nice things. Wo received ticketa oi J
admission, and I was very glad to cet mine. I !
am 11 years old and go to the Columbia Gram- '
mar School. Your loving friend,
Dorotht Green.
San Francisco, Cal., Sep . 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is the first time I have
written to The Call.
I havo often guessed the puzzles, but have i
never sent them in.
We have been taxing your excellent paper
for seventeen years and like It very much. I
save all the cartoons which appear In The
Call and paste them in a sorapbook. I re
main your little reader p. Peters.
San Francisco.
Children's Realm— Kind Friend: I shall
tell you how I spent my time during vacation.
I went to my mother's old home in Fresno
County to vitdt my uncle and my three cousins,
whom I met for the first time. The farm is
about seven miles from Fresno City. My
cousins were very kind to me. They each own
a gentle pony and 1 soon learned to ride with
out any fear. They also have a bicycle, which
I tried to ride but without Buccess. for I fell off
three times.
The dogs on the place were great pets, Fido
especially. My, how he would cry when we
left him, and I wish you might have seen his
joy on our return from our wa.ks and drives.
Why, he wouldn't allow any of the other dogs
to run to meet us.
Nero, another fine animal, carries the wood
for the kitchen fire.
1 returned to San Francisco In time for the
first day of school and am going to try to do
very well this year. Your little friend,
Dodo Fbitschi.
Dear Editor: I like the children's page of
The Call, and enjoy reading the little letters,
I have neither brother nor sister, but I have a
little pet dog named Blanty, wno can run as
fast as I can, even with her Door broken leg. I
go to school and have a very nice teacher,
whom we all dearly love. I am in the fourth
grade, and am 9 years old.
Carl R. Weykb, Alameda, Cal.
Cottage Grove, Or., Sept. 28, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have seen no letter from
here i thought 1 would write one. We have
taken The Call for years, and think wa can't
keep house without it. I think It has grreatly
improved since Charles 8hortridge became
he editor. His cousin lives about four miles
from here and is one of our friends. I have
been out hop-picking near this place. I don't
like to go picking hops when they give 25
cents for a nine-bushel-box full. I enjoy read
ing the "Childhood's Realm," and am making
me a nice book of the pages. I remain your
little friend. Irene Condon, age 14 years.
San Francisco, Sept. 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 7 years old. I
read the Children's Page every Sunday and
I like It very much. I hope my letter will be
in the paper next Sunday. To-day my mama
let my brother Willie and me go to the
Orpheum, and we enjoyed it very much.
I live at 1927 Ellis street. Your friend,
Bertha Williams.
Sax Francisco, Sept. 20, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 11 years of age.
My papa takes the Daily Call. I eujoy the
stories very much.
I have an ostrich-egg which originally came
from Africa. My uncle, who was there once,
brought it to me. Hoping I shall see my
letter In print, I remain, your little reader,
Hazel Abbahasison.
Exeter, N. H., 8ept 15, 1896.
Dear Editor: My grandpa takes Thk Call and
sends it to me to read. I mink the "Chil
dren's Realm" is very interestlnr. I am 10
years old. I attend the Robinson Female
Seminary. I think It i3 nice, for we don't have
any boys to plague us. I go down to my grand
pa's every summer and have a fine time. I
shall olose now. Yours truly,
Nettie Leach.
Frttittale, Sept. 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: I read the children'^ page and
like it very much. We take The Call and I
enjoy reading it. I go to the Fruitvale public
school, and am in the fifth grade. I think I
shall close lor this time, hoping to see my
letter in next Sunday's Call. Your new friend,
Grace Patterson, aged 12 years.
Sierra CnT, Cal., 8ept. 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. I have soived some of the puzzles and
send them to you.
I am a boy 13 years of age, and belong to the
Sierra City band. I play saxaphone. I love to
go to school, and I am very high in my class.
I go out and gather flowers in the spring.
As my letter la getting long I shall close,
hoping to see it in Sunday's Call. My fathe
takes The Daily Call. Your new friend,
Theodore Joos.
The story received this week from Lillle
Christoflersen was very good; but next lime
you send in a story, Lilhe, be sure to write
only on one side of your paper.
The story of "Bessie," by M. E. Heath, was
quite interesting, but not quite worthy of a
place on our page. The drawings were
excellent.
£//re 6°A\?'n$ ojJLi)lofi\T\
Stately across the world she trod,
Her arms with gold and purple hung;
And wide the colors rich she flung
O'er heath and distant tree and sod.
William H. Perkih*
<W\£j to Lao£/r CDvcy
A table of Interest — The dinner tabie.
Some people are never contented. After
having all their limbs broken, their beads
smashed and their brains knocked out,
they will actually go to law and try to get
farther damages.
Advice is seldom welcome. Those who
need it most take it least.
A pen may be driven, but the pencil
does better when it is lead.
"My boy. it is high time a check was
placed on your performances."
"Thank yea, father. Please make it
payable on sight."
PUZZkE-S
Correct answers for September 20:
1. Spearmint.
2. Keel— leek.
3. Sleep— peeli.
4. Smilax.
5. Pennant. Penn-ant,
6. (a) Sicily. (6) Corsica, (c) Iceland.
7. Understanding.
8. Creation.
9. Peas-ant. Peasant
10. Crib. —Rib.
11. September.
BY T. PETERS.
When the names of the above are rightly
guessed and placed in the given order the
first letter of each word will speil the name of
a noted European city.
II. Name of hidden islands: The bridesmaids
were dressed In pale blue.
III. Supply the words: Put the 1, 2, 3 on the
stove 4, 5 eleven o'clock, or a quarter 5, 6
eleven, and boil tnis fine, large 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
IV. 01 what profession is every ehild ?
Theo Joos.
V. What Is that which God never saw, Wash*
ington seldom saw and we see every day?
Alice Bell.
VI. I'm tound in mountains, not In hills.
In meadows green, but not in rills.
In noble man I dwell with grace,
In woman, too, so fair of face.
Now what's in me
That's not in you ?
Please tell me quick
You clever few. Dorothy Green.
VII. Hidden name of a great statesman. I
am glad. 1 wont sell.
VIII. Place the first nine figures in nine
squares, so that the sum of any three in any
line will give the amount represented by
fifteen. M. Sbliq.
IX. (1) Highest mountain in the world.
(2) Largest river.
(3) Greatest cave.
(4) Greatest wall.
(5) Largest bell.
(6) Highest tower.
X. All the following words must rhyme
witn"si<ke": A bird, a fish, a garden tool, to
obtain possession of, a kind of serpent, to
quench, a kind of fern, a body of water, to
create, a schoolboy's delight, a ship's officer
Vnd to tremble with fear.
XI. a tropical fruit, a vegetable, a vege
table, a shell fish, a vegetable, a snake-like fish
and a vegetable.
If rightly guessed and placed in order given
the first letters will spell name of a month.
XII. Fruit enigma: 1-5 of a lemon plus \i of
a pear plus 1-5 of an apple plus 1-6 of an
orange plus % of a pine equals what fruit ?
Names of those who sent in answers to all or
a majority of puzzles for September 13:
Dorothy Green, P. Peters, Theo Joos, Dodo
Fritschi.
For September 20: Pearl Huckstep, Irene
Anderson, Gretta Cluff, Alice M. Bell and Max
fell*
2526
It's an ill wind that blows nobody any
good and the press agent knows how to
make capital out of every gale of misfor
tune. Here is his latest experience in turn
ing adversity to sweet uses: A few weeks
ago a tragic accident happened in Lon
don. The actors had to tight a duel on
the mimic stav:e. They did not rehearse
with swords, but on the night of the first
performance the property-man gave them
their weapons, which they used so realisti
cally that the delighted audience wanted
to give a recall. Rounds of applause
came again and again, but the man who
had fallen did not get up and bow before
the footlights as dead actors are in the
habit of doing. He was dead in real ear
nest, killed by a thrust of his comrade's
sword. When the horrible truth dawned
Upon his comrades the curtain was low
ered and the audience dismissed from the
play, which had ended in an unrehearsed
tragedy. The next day the papers were
full of lamentations over the sad event
and blame was given to the management
for the carelessness which had permitted
sharp swords to be need without first test
ing them thoroughly at rehearsal.
The grotesque feature of this sad bit of
stage realism is, that ever since the fatal
duel, actors (on the authority of their press
agents) have taken to fighting with the
eanguinary ferocity of Roman glaaiators.
Grismer, who is doing a duel in the East,
has several times escaped frotr the jaws of
death since the London tragedv, and (if
their press agents are to be believed) a
number of othpr distinguished actors have
suddenly developed such sanguinary in
stincts in plays containing duels, that the
services of physicians are in constant
requisition to bandage and sew up the
wounds of their victims. It is to be hoped
that there will not be manslaughter at the
Baldwin next week, but we are told that
James K. Hackett. the leading man in the
"Prisoner of Zenda," is a ferocious youth,
six feet tall, who slashes through his duels
with reckless disregard for human life.
According to advance notices: "He has
two duel scenes during the progress of the
play, one in the prologue and one in the
last act. His passage at arms is had with
two different individuals, and he warms
up with such vigor and interest in these
eet-tos that he has at various times made
them both subjects for a hospital in one
night"
Fancy seeing human gore shed on the
Baldwin stage ! Hackett should be bonnd
over to keep the peace, or else his press
agent should be bouna over to restrain his
too fervid imagination.
Columbia Jheater.
This is the farewell week of the Frawley
company at the Columbia Theater, or
rather it is the au revoir week, for the
Frawleys will return for the holidays in
order to present some new plays.
It has been decided to devote this week
to De Mille and Belasco's "Lost Para
dise," which seems to be the most popular
of the whole repertoire. In this work th«
authors deal with the labor question and
with the human interests wbfch center
around the relations between the owner of
a big ironworks and his employes. There
are many thrilling situations and startling
climaxes, and the writers nave been care
ful not to draw conclusions wh:ch could
be offensive either to capitalists or to la
borers. The cast is almost the same as
when "The Lost Paradise" was last played
at the Columbia Theater.
On leaving this City the Frawleys will
make a short stay at Los Angeles, after
which they will go to Honolulu to open
the new opera-house.
Next week "Trilby" opens a season at
the Columbia with the company just ar
rived from Australia.
Tiv>oli Opera-House.
The last nights of the successful season
of grand opera at the Tivoli Opera-house
are being devoted to a presentation of
Verdi's "Aida." The production is an elab
orate one, the scenery, costumes and ac
cessories all being costly. The double
cast includes Mme. Natali and Ida Va
lerga, alternating as Aida, Miss Bern ice
Holmes as Amneris, Signor Michelena
ana Rhys Thomas alternating as Radames,
Signor Maurice de Vries and John J. Raf
fael alternating in the barytone role of
Amonasro, the Ethiopian King, Signor
Abramoff af> Ramfis, the high priest, and
Signor Napoleoni as the King.
j The next opera promised is a revival of
{ Balfe's romantic work, "Satane'la." In
this opera the Tivoli'a newsoubrette, Elvia
Crox Seabrooke, will make her first appear
j ance in this City, as will also Maurice
j Darcy, a lieht comedian and barytone.
I Signor Abramoff is especially engaged for
the role of Arimanes', the Demon King.
This production will give way to the new
burlesnue entitled "The Babes in the
j Wood, by Ferris Hartman.
At the Orpheum.
Gustave Walter announces the famous
! Hawaiian band and glee club as his chief
attraction at the Orpheum this week. It
I wiil appear in connection with the regular
I vaudeville programme. J. S. Liborino is
still the director of the band. He is a
well-known musician, who received bis ed
ucation at the musical college of Madrid
and won distinction for himself as a saxo
phone soloist He first came forward
prominently as a conductor when Le or
ganized a band of fifty Spanish musicians
and made a tour of the world. The Ha
waiian band does not confine its efforts to
native arias, but also renders classical and
popular music.
In addition to the Hawaiian band the
Orpheum's programme this week will in
clude Anna Suits, who is said to be a new
and clever vaudeville star. Master Walter
Leon will appear in a change of pro
gramme. The vaudeville bill also contains
the Carpos Brothers, Lew Hawkins, Fer
guson and Mack, Marguerite Ferguson
and Riley and Hughes.
Alcazar Jheater.
"School" will be the bill at the Alcazar
Theater this week. In it John T. Sullivan,
as Lord Beaufoy, will have a chance to
add to his laurels. The rest of the cast
will be made up as follows; Beau Farin
tosh, J. B. Polk; Dr. Sutcliffe, Harold
Vizard; J*ck Poyntz, Frank Doane; Mr.
Krux, Carl Smith; Mrs. Sutcliffe, Mrs. F.
M. Bates; Bella, May Buckley; Naomi
Tighe, Amy Lee; Laura, Hattie Foley;
Tillie, Agnes Castro; and the young ladies
of the seiflinarv will be played by the
Misses Chase, Powell, Du Vaull, Langdon.
Baby Lewis will also appear.
Baldwin Jheater.
"The Prisoner of Zenda" company,
headed by James K. Hackett and Isabel
Irving, will arrive in this City direct from
Cincinnati, Ohio. The company numbers
thirty-five people and it will carry with it
across the continent all the scenery, his
torical costumes and stage settings wnich
were used in the original production. The
company will rest until Monday, October
5, when "The Prisoner of Zenda" will
begin a two weeks' engagement at the
Baldwin.
Qrand Opera-House.
"The Shadows of a Great City" will be
produced at the Grand to-morrow night.
The cast will include Miss Victory Bate
man. R. L. Stockwell, Howard Kyle Lot
tie "VvilliamB, Edward Heron, Frank
Hatch, Julia Blanc and Henry Benrimo.
y\t the Chutes.
At the Chutes this afternoon a new per
former, in the person of C. W. Vosmer,
will, at half-past 4 o'clock, make a balloon
ascension and parachute drop. He is
just from the East, and brines with him
the reputation of being a daring and skill
ful balloonist. Antonio Pirri will make
his customary dashes down the chutes
and into the lake on his bicycle in the
afternoon, and the institution will be
opened from 10 in the morning till 11 at
night.
Congratulates Herself.
Miss Wainwright has a new reason to
believe that "honesty is the best policy."
She signed a contract to support Wilton
Lackaye in "Dr. Beleraff ' the day before
his departure for the Pacific Coast. All
the summer the "Brooks-Miner" syndi
cate has been trying to persuade Miss
Wainwrieht to break her contract with
Mr. Lackaye in order to join its company.
Miss Wainwright steadfastly refused.
Now at the very outset of the season the
syndicate has dissolved, leaving many
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
actors who refused other offers this sum
mer to whistle for next season's engage
ment.
Bemhardfs Dilemma.
In spite of her starring tour and all her
other pressing engagements, Sarah Bern
hardt has fonnd the time to write a play,
making good use of hints given her by
Sardou, to whom she showed her first draft
of the plot. She is very much perplexed
just now where and how she will be able
to present it to the public, for the principal
part is, of course, written to suit herself.
But, according to the by-laws of the So
ciety of Dramatic Authors, of which she is
a member, she cannot perform her own
play in a theater of which she is proprietor
and manager.
BY ELEGJRIGlTy.
HoW the Authors of FraWlevj's
Ne'W Play Collaborated
"The Social Trust," recently produced
at the Columbia, was written and re
hearsed under extraordinary conditions.
During the period of its construction the
authors seldom saw each other. Hillary
Bell, the critic, was attending to his jour
nalistic duties In New York, while Ram
say Morris was traveling en tour with
"The Widow Jones." Constant inter
change of ideas was accomplished by wire
and correspondence and finally the story
was worked into shape. Then the au
thors took a vacation from business, went
to Cape Cod and finished the play to
gether. Bv the time Frawley was ready
to put the piece into rehearsal Ramsay
Morris was once more on the road with
his company and Hillary Bell was
back at his desk on * the Press.
The wires between 8an Francisco
and New Yorfc were kept hot with mes
sages between the manager and authors,
and a prodigious amount of money was
spent in telegrams. As the rehearsals
progressed Frawley saw certain points at
which the play could be improved, and he
promptly telegraphed for instructions.
These requests necessitated an immediate
answer by wire, and for the first time in
the annals of the stage a play was revised
by electricity.
During the rehearsal period this sum
mer Hillary Bell was at the Oriental. Man
hattan Beach, while Ramsay Morris was
in Boston, and constant communication
nad to be maintained by telephone. Thus,
with 300 miles between the authors and
1500 miles between them and the stage
manager "The Social Trust" was rehearsed.
Bell and Morris lost Mesh over this experi
ence, and both are more prematurely gray
than ever.
TIJttD OF MO^OTONy.
Viola Allen Says an
Days /\re All y\like.
Miss Viola Allen, leading woman of
Charles Frohman's Empire Stock Com
pany, regards her profession with a dis
cerning eye. She can picture the life of
an actress philosophically and compare it
with that of a woman at home.
"The woman who keeps tier house,
washes on Monday, irons on Tuesday,
sweeps on Friday, bakes on some other
day and goes visiting the rest of the time,
has less monotony in her life than an
actress," she says. "An actress' days are
all alike. One hour of the day she must
devote to bathing and dressing, an
other hour to exercise of some kind,
for embonpoint is her bete noir.
There are walking. Delsarte antics, stupid
pulleys and dumbbells, massage— half a
dczen other things equally as tiresome — as
a remedy, but it is onlv eternal viiilance
that makes any of them effective— and
going on without every blessed tiling to
eat and drink that you enjoy.
"There is your mail to look over — the
struggling aspirants for histrionic fame,
the autograph fiend, the photographic col
lector, the advertisers of lotions, etc. Then
there is the necessity of looking pretty
every night. As long as one's personality
is her chief stock in trade there is some
thing !,olemn in the cut of a bang, a grave
importance in the tit of a costume, and
curlinp-irona and pigments rank as factors
of success far above histrionic gifts and
Delsartian graces."
Dramatic Brevities.
Mrs. Drew, it is reported, has retired per
manently from the stage.
The I.iliputians are among the performers
coming to the Baldwin Theater this season.
Will F. Pruette, the comic opera tenor, is
the latest recruit to the continuous vaudeville
ranks.
Ferris Hartman's new burlesque, "The Babes
In the Wood," is said to be a skit upon the
latest fads of the day.
John Warner, who was for many years asso
ciated with Abbey & Grau, will this season
manage Richard Mansfield.
The newest thing in dime museum freaks Is
billed a* "the man who can't stop talking."
It is said he was formerly a pugilist.
Julia Marlowe Tabor follows the "Prisoner of
Zenda" at the Baldwin Theater. Miss Marlowe
will be supported by her husband, Robert Ta
bor.
William D. Eaton, formerly a Journalist In
Chicago, has written a five-act romantic play
for Frederick Warde, entitled "The Rise of
Iskander."
Three yeart ago Lulu Glaser was a chorus
girl. To-day she more than shares the honors
with Francis Wiiaon-ln "Half a King" at the
Knickerbocker.
Miss Rose Adler, who leaves for the Paris
conservatory next month, is to be given a fare
well concert at Odd Fellows' Hall on Wednes
day eveniug, October 7.
Mrs. Jordan, the daring gymnast, did not
letrn her trapeze business until after she was
married. Aa a farmer's daughter she merely
climDed tree3 ana fences. Stie is said to take
more pride in her housework than in her fly
ing leaps and dives.
Miss Anna Daly will have a farewell testi
monial on Thursday evening, October 15, at
Native Sons' Hall. Miis Daly leaves shortly
for New York, where she expects to join Miss
Cojrhlan's company. She is young, ambitious,
verv painstaking and is working hard to suc
ceed.
Two prominent English players will appear
in De Koven and Smith's new opera, "The
Mandarin." They are George Hovey and Alice
Barnet. Miss Barnet was formerly a member
of the London 8avoy Company, and was the
original Lady June in "Patience," Katisba in
"The Mikado" ana Ruth in "The Pirates of
Penzance."
"Lost, Stolen or Strayed" has made quite a
success at the Fifth-avenue Theater, New York
City. The interesting feature of the first per
formance was the success achieved by two
hitherto unknown young women — Fanny
Bulkiey and Georgia Caine. Miss Caine hails
from San Francisco. She is a promising sou
bri'tte, whose success in "Lost, Stolen or
Strayed" is likely to create a demand for her
se r vices.
BUILDERS WAHT A CHANCE
A Protest Against the Action
of the Board of Edu
cation.
The Plans for the New Mission High
School the Subject of Contro
versy.
Tne Board of Education will not be al
lowed to go on with its preparations for
erecting a hiph school building in the
Mission without a protest from the Build
ers' Exchange regarding the manner in
which the plans for the structure have
been drawn.
A representative of the Exchange called
at the rooms of the board at the City Hall
yesterday and talked the matter over with
Secretary Beanston and departed to call
on Chairman Comte of the Judiciary Com
mittee.
Tbe Exchange takes the position that
under tie law the Board of Education
must advertise for plans when it desires to
build a new school house and has no right
to regularly employ an architect to do its
work.
Its contention is based on a section of
an act passed by the Legislature in 1872,
entitled: "An act to regulate the erection
of public buildings and schools" and
reads as follows:
Section 1. When by any statute of this 8tate
power is given to any State or county officer or
officers, or any Board of Supervisors, or cor
poration, or any Board of Trustees, or Com
missioners, or any person or persons created
or appointed by any such statute, to erect or
cause to be erected or constructed any State
or couuty or other building oi structure. It
shall be tne duty of the said officer or officers,
Board of Supervisors, corporation, or Board of
Trustees, or Commissioners, or other person
or persons to advertise lor plans and speciMca
tlonsin detail for said building or other struc
ture, and to state in said advertisement the
amount authorized by law or otherwise to be
expended for the erection of said building or
structure ; and also the premium to be awarded
to the architect whose plans and specifica
tions for the same may be adopted.
To the members of the exchange this
makes it aupear plain that the plans
should be open to competition, and a de
termined effort is to be made to give the
architects in the exchange a chance at the
plans for the $200,000 building.
On the sams day that the act quoted was
passed, the Legislature passed another
law entitled "An act to provide for the
support of the common schools of the City
and County of San Francisco and to define
the powers and duties of tbe Board of
Education thereof.' 1 Section 10 reads:
To build, alter, repair, rent and provide
schoolhonses and furnish them with proper
school furniture, apparatus and school ap
pliances, and to insure any and all school
property.
It is believed by a majority of the mem
bers of the board that under this special
act it is justified in employing Architect
Havens, but as this is the first time a ques
tion in the matter has been formally raised
the subject will be thoroughly investigated
and an opinion from the City and County
Attorney probably asked.
ST. MARY'S COLLIGE WON.
Santa Kosa High School Defeated in
Season's First Football Match.
8t. Mary's College won from the Santa
Rosa High 8chool at Central Park yester
day afternoon in the first football match
of the season. The score was 10 to 4.
With a month's less practice and a
much lighter team the high school boys
acquitted themselves creditably, particu
larly in the second half, when "they came
near evening the score by continuous
small gains that called forth repeated ap
plause for their plucky uphill light. It
was a clean game throughout, no ques
tionable tactics marring the play.
The halfbacks on both sides, as very
often occurs, won the greatest individual
glory, because of tneir more evident value
in advancing the ball. Neither fullback
attempted to punt, and the Santa Rosa
man could not, or the score might have
been different.
Santa Rosa started the game with a
poor little kick from center. The col
legians failed to recover ground and soon
lost the ball on downs. Santa Rosa then
advanced steadily, but fumbled near the
fifteen-yard line. St. Mary's got the ball
and worked it bacR across the field to a
touchdown, losing it only once, but soon
recovering on Santa Rosa's inability to
advance. The second touchdown was al
most a repetition of the first exhibition,
the heavier team going through the
opposing line about as it pleased for short
gains.
In the second half the collegians were
on tne defensive most oi the time, the
Santa Rosas going at them fast and furi
ously and gaining a little at one side and
then at the other against defensive play as
weak apparently as their own. Santa
Rosa's touchdown was made near one
corner of the field and proved too difficult
for a coal. Again, after the kick-off, the
public rcnool boys moved steadily down
the field. At a critical moment they
fumbled, and when the whistle blew for
the end of the game the ball was on St.
Mary's forty-yard line.
Following ase tne elevens as the players
faced each other. The stripped weights
indicate what each man had to oppose in
the avoirduDois of his vis-a-vis:
St. Mahy's. Positions. Santa Rosa.
Manoney, 135 L. end K sieole, IL'4
Hastings, 144 L. tackle R Smith, 135
Brady, 186. L. guard k Sweet, 148
Morcel, 170 Center. MrfJresor, 165
McGulre. 184 R. guard L CJrosliong, 148
Cone, 155 R. tackle L ...Capt. sstrout. 11! 9
A mi go, 158 R. end L. Reeve. 128
Holmes, 130 Quarter Verdelett, 160
Rattih'an, 155 i^. half H Hurt, 164
Cape. -Mogan, 165 R. half L. Maddux, 153
McCartney, 164 Fullback Rogers, 149
Score: St. Mary's College, 10; Santa Rosa Hiyh
School, 4. First half— Touchdowns, St. Mary's a,
by Moean and Rattigan: goal 1. by Holmes. Sec
ond ha! f— Touchdown, Santa Rosa 1, by Hurt.
Attendance 460.
Officials — Umpire, Anthony Mogan; referee,
Oscar Drady; linesman. Ben Miller.
St. Mary's next game will probably b«
with Santa Clara College. The manager
purposes also to challenge the Stanford
and Berkeley freshman teams.
--0UIZ" ON THE CHARTER
The Old and the New Compared
in Twenty Short Chapters
for Busy People.
Prepared by J. R. Freud Under the
Direction of the Citizens' Charter
Association.
The following is a continuation of the
catechism of the new charter prepared by
J. Richard Freud under the direction of
the Citizens' Association:
CHAPTER XI.
FINANCE AND REVENUE.
Question— What objections are there to the
present method of finance and revenue?
Answer — It is uncertain, unsatisfactory and
extravagant. Officials shirk their responsi
bilities and there is no reasonable limit to ex
penditures.
Why is this so?
Mainly on account of the diversion of money
to the general fund and the lack of specific
funds.
Any other reason for this present unsatisfac
tory condition of the City's finances?
Yes, the limit of $1 taxes on the $100 valua
tion has been discarded, so that last year the
countv tax reached the extravagant rate of
$1 56 on the $100.
What changes will the new charter make?
The general fund will be abolished and
twenty-four specific funds provided, each ol
which will be kept separate and distinct.
How about the limit of taxation ?
The charter positively limits the annual
county tax levy to $1 07 on the $100 assessed
valuation of property.
How much is that provision in the charter
worth to the taxpayers of San Francisco?
That provision alone would have saved the
taxpnvers of San Francisco during last year
$l,53A300.
CHAPTER XII.
PUBLIC WORKS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
What public works or improvements has San
Francisco secured during the past forty years?
None, except Golden Gate Park and the new
City Hull.
How about the streets, sewers, pavements,
roads, school-buildings and jails T
They are the worst of any large progressive
city In the civilized world.
Did they cost much money?
About $34,000,000 has been spent upon the
streets and sewers of San Francisco under
the consolidation act.
What is the trouble?
The system is entirely wrong.
Explain some of its defects.
The streets, sewers and roads are in the
divided charge of the Supervisors and Superin
tendent of Streets, and are used by them ns
political offices for their followers, who are,
as a rule, utterly unfit for the duties.
What is the result?
Incompetency, extravagance, corruption and
the present disgraceful and dangerous condi
tion of our public highways.
CHAPTER XIII.
PUBLIC WORKS UNDER THI CHARTER.
How will the charter prove to be the rem
edy?
It provides a competent Board of Public
Works, with a City Engineer who must be ten
years a practical engineer and a Superintend
ent of Public Works who must be a master
builder.
What will this body accomplish ?
It will have full charge of the sewers, streets,
pavements and roads of the City, and will im
prove them in a scientific and systematic man
ner.
Mention some of the particular improve
ments assigned to the Board of Public Works.
It will inaugurate a correct system of drain
age of the entire City and put all the wires and
pipes in conduits along the sewers. It will
then lay down sanitary noiseless pavements
and construct good roads.
How will the large funds be raised for these
purposes?
The charter provides the means by bonding
the City according to the State constitution,
just as In every other progressive city in the
United States.
Will the citizens and taxpayers vote in favor
of issuing bonds?
They will surely do so under the new char
ter.
Why have they not done so before T
Because they have no confidence in the past
and present defective system of our municipal
government.
[To be continued.]
•> — « — •
Flannery Was Min.ing.
Yesterday when the name of William Flan
nery, charged with having picked the pocket
of a lady in a crowd in front of the Grand
Opera-house, was called In Judge Bahrs' court
he failed to answer, and a bench warrant was
issued for his arrest. Flannery is out on a
$2000 bond, and his bondsmen were given
until Monday to produce him. If they fail to
do so the bond will be declared forfeited.
Japanese Burglar Held.
Frank Nulsamato, a Japanese, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Joachimsen in $2000 bonds on the
charge of burglary. Frank, who was employed
in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Fifth and Mission
streets, broke into the rooms of several of the
guests early last Monday morning and stole
their watches and money.
NEW TO-DAY.
from U.S. Journal of tWn*.
JT\0 . Prof.W. H. Peeke,
B w4- *^ who makes a special-
|H| fHty of Epilepsy, has
• B I 1 without doubt treat-
JL JL •'^/ed and > cured more
cases than any living
-d Physician;
/ -*— Ji h* s success
I II wfPkiU is astonish.
VUlCUweh <
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address .
i F.D.,4CedarSt N.Y.
RADWAY'S
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. - Secure Com-
plete digestion . and absorption of the . food, cam j '
a healthy action of the Liver and render the .Bowel*
natural la iheir operas on without eripiug - ■•■, -:j.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
■pi Hi NEWyORK OFFICE 42 W. 3°™- STREET.
«Tifi?i^V S' 2 '^ FRANCISCO. CAL_. estab. ias7.
Gustav y Walter, director General. •; > .
SAN FRANCISCO'S GREAT MUSIC HALL. ' '/
Vvoolat Commencing Ikrfl:ox3Lcia.y, Sept. 23.
Extraordinary Musical and Vaudeville Attractions From Both Hemispheres! .
Direct from their Triumphal Eastern Tour, prior to their Departure for their Island Home,
xv^^crs ROYAL HAWAIIAN BAND
iAND GLEE CLUB! •
4O : SKILLED MUSICIANS AND VOCALISTS 4O
Under the Leadership of PROFESSOR J. S. LIBORNIO, the Greatest Saxophone
Soloist in the World.
EXTRA ! I in order to give the music loving people of San Francisco a chance to enjoy the delightful
.EXTRA ! I music of this Famous Band in It* entirety a Full Concert will be given
TUESDAY. THURSDAY AND FRIDAY AFTERNOONS. —
They will also appear in conjunction with the Vaudeville Entertainment EVERY
EVENING and at the Kegular WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY and
______^ SUNDAY SlvTINKES. ~__
First Appearance Direct A l\l s\l A C I II O ff America's Favorite "~~~
From New York of AIMlMA SUITOt Comedienne and Vocalist.
Riley and Hughes. I Carpos Bros. > ~~
Master Walter Leon. 1 Lew Hawkins.
Marguerite Ferguson. I Ferguson and Mack.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), SEPT. 27.
Last Appearance of FILSOJ & ERROL, BELLMAN & MOORE, ABDULLAH & MLLE. ALMA
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children, 10c, any part.
; Bn S? 1 " HAWAIIAN NATIONAL BANDT 8 u p eXyf^r^?rfd^.
• Full Concert by the Band and Glee Club. Prices as Usual.
tkfmB J"AU REVOIR!" '
$/Cp^\^frj^\.£>V'S>3i FAREWEI-I. WEEK OF the
'm^^^M Frawley Company.
\f/B COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPT. 28,
y/f/£$ All «N\^ In deference to many requests, De Mllle and Belasco's moat • '
V AU QmT powerful play,
l REVO.R.J THE LOST PARADISE!"
Vk JO SUPERB ACTING. -STRONG CAST.
xk_ tW' magnificent stage accessories. •
OCTOBER 5— "TRIIiBY." Seats on sale THURSDAY, Oct. 1.
PRICES— 25c. 50c. 75c and $1.00. ?
ALCAZAR,
O'Farrell Street, between Stockton and Powell.
BELASCO, DOASE & JORDAN Lessee* and Managers
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2 AND THIS EVENING AT 8,
Last Performances of the Artistic Triumph of the Week, ; -
" DIVORCE !"
MONDAY EVENING - - - - - SEPTEMBER 28,. -[
An Elaborate Production of the Sterling Comedy,
"SCHOOL!"
Cast to the Full Strength of Our Great Company. -- '■* : ." " '■■•
-A- BEV V C^OP PRETTY GIRIiS. ' '.
ALCAZAR ATTRACTIVE PRICES:
Night ......15c, 25c, 35c and 50c. Matinee ...15o, 25c and 35c. '
NEXT ...:.... THE UGLY DUCK UNO. . '
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER M0K0SCO Sole Lessee and Manatee . .
MATINEE AND TO-NIGHT— LAST PERFORMANCES OF .
3ve:fl. potter of tex as I
COMMENOINQ MONDAY lSTIOKCT, SHIFT. S3. v . '
Second Successful Week of the Favorite
Li. R. STOC5I5L'\^7"JS3IjiIL.,
> Assisted by the Two Talented Artists.
HOWARD KYLE!. VICTORY BATSMAN. •
IN THE SPLENDID SPECTACULAR AND SCENIC MELODRAMA,
"SHADOWS OF A GREAT CITY."
Remarkable Mechanical Effects! Wonderful Revolving Scene! Costly Costumes t
EVENING PRICES-lOc, 35c and 50c. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE CHUTES, CASINO g&-W««»f
OPEN TO=DAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
THIS AFTERMOON AND EVENING— LAST APPEARANCES OF
AJXTTOJXriO PIRRi;
TO-DAY! TO-DAY 1 AT HALF-PAST FOUR!
f BALLOON ASCENSION AND PARACHUTE DROP
O. -W". VO8MER!
THK EMINENT AERONAUT.
A GREAT BILL IN THE CASINO!
Admission. 10 Cents. Children. Including Merrr-Go-Rnnnii Ride. 5 Cents
lip^ni EATRE props
Haymajc <& Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
REOPENING MONDAY. OCT. 5,
When Danijh. Fboekas Will Present the (Great-
est of All Lyceum Theater Successes,
THE PRISONER OF ZENDA!
With the Original Lyceum Cast, Scenery.
Accessories, etc.
£7* Sale of Seats Commences
WEDNESDAY, SEPT. 30TH.
Evening. 26c to $1 60. Matinees. Popnlar
Prices— Entire Balcony, 60c and 76c- Entire
Dress Circle, $1; Orchestra, % 1 60. ' entire
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION! '
PAVILION. LARKIN STREET, ]
GRANDEST, EXPOSITION ON RECORD
HINKICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
Voting for the *ive Beat Exhibits
September 11 to October 1
PRIZES — —SIX GOLD MEDALS
See the Magnificent Display of Live Fish I
Sept. 28-Gymnastlc Exhibition. Turn
Verelns on special staje, 8:30 r x.
Tuesday, jept. 29-8 p. it.. Boys' Brteadft in
uniform: 8:30 p. m., Y. M. u. aV Athletic^ h?
billon; Public Evening Schools. Atmetlc • bxnl -
Wednesday, Sept. 30-Dairymen's day. i*c.nr«
Thursday. Oct. 1-Suffraite day. 8-SOi- m b«^
GaTry 10 ™" 1 8hRW wll^»ver»^ ? a^drestin^rt
Friday, Oct. 2— Governor's day. R-30 . a-
Saturday, Oct. S-Closlng_day. •
— —Admission 25c, Children l Be —
OPEN DAY AND EVENING.
SIXTEENTH AND FQLSOM STS.
SAN FKANCIMCOS t^akSWdb.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSS
MKs.ERNE8TimB KRKLI.N8, Proprietor & Atanaser
Tli© Grand Opera Season.
THE HIT OF THE SEASON!
THIS EVENING
AND A.3L.3L, NEXT 'WEJHJIC
Verdi's Divine Inspiration,
S IG,ABBAMUKK, SIU. NAPULEONL '.
Ktc. Etc. Etc.
A Perfect Production In Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage.
In Preparation : ; : : -SATANELLA. •
LOOK OUT FOB
"THE BABES IN THE WOOD !" • "
Popular Prl -25c and 5Oc. •
SUTRO^ATHS.
wh CHARLES CAVILL,
ADaiiss^.N loSSSf^S?^?' "
DR. C3HJ V
"■iss.ra&'Sftags- ,^^fek- •'
tJKISOFGKKATEMI- 4^^^^£^
SSK. S» p^^A
cklni mP M rla l JI ° B P U *"»Of T ' I S '
»:■ . * nas practiced J * m^ L
*!" Profession in Amerlcl ft «^w ui » . .
for Itt years and cured tnou- Vi V I
sands of sick and afflicted l\ W S
Henuaranteesacureofiui H T** /
diseases of men. women V *■*** /
and children where cure u iv Y
possible. No matter if ofh <f^ ..f>l
|Svl^t G o U c Y ai, E ffiS^^fe^- •
■ ■■.■-THE_ COMMERCIAL
triiMAUY OF THK JIAliJxJiTs.
•Silver unchanged. ~~~
Bank Clearings lose 5%v.
. ' . AVneat futures lower.
Corn rather steadier.
Other Cereals unchanged. >
Hay and Feedstuffs as before.
Nothing new In Bean;.
Po aioes weaker. Onions firmer.
• • Vegetables In large supply.
. Butter, Cheese and Eggs steady.
; Poultry market depressed.
. Dried Fruit advancing,
•Fresh Fruit about the same.
Wine Grapes steady. "^ '
Provisions as before.
• No change In Meats.
Watermelons advanced.
IMPORTS OP GROCERIES.
'" «i? P0 C ° 8taple *"<*«•» a t Ihls port for the
first eight months of 1896 were as follows com
RKtm x t the same tlme ini895: Sasar S1V
'.gigs ft^sriJSKssasSSfc
BAMi CLEAIUNOS.
I ocftl bank clearings last week were Ml 408.619
': riSssof!^ 44 - I58IWUie same week ln i« 9 £
i?zpTan«tion.
Trie arrot» flies with th» wind. The top flgnree
»t station Indicate maximum temperature for the
«ays; thofe underneath It. if any, the •mount of
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and huDdredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
, lines,' connect poin s of equal air pressure; lao
therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hitch" means high barometric pressure and
. Is usually accomoanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
! "Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
.coast. «-"hen the pressure is high in the Interior
. ana low aloog the coast, and the l«obars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
• marked curvature, rain south of Ort-«;on is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
. the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and coidei
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
■' trill produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
.. '-* i"xiTKD BtatksDkparthejt op Agbicui<
• V TtTBE, WKATHEB BCBKAC, SaS FKAXCISCO, Sept.
"1"6: 1896, 5' p. h.— Wcatlier conditions and general
• ;. ■ forecast : f ■
■-; ■ ' '1 be' following maximum temperatures are re
• ' jifirted from siatloDs in California to-fia-':
'...•--'.Eurefcu. t>2. Red Bluff 90, -an Francisco" 81.
-. . Fr<-s'no 92; s»n Luis Obispo 86, Los A ngeies 82,
: . tan Diego 68, Yuma 100. - . .
:. • • f»n Francisco data— Maximum temperature 81,
-. ...minimum 54, mean 68.
• :'■■• An area of hlsh pressure overlies the northern
*■ '.central portion of the United states to-night. The
■:- pressure has risen east of the itockv Mountains
: i .-and has fallen Hliichlly alone; the Pacific mope.
: ■ lie temperature has risen decidedly over Oregon
* ' and Northern raliforhia. it has fallen slightly
_■ •alongthecoa&t of southern California. Klse where
" Ithhs remained stationary. The temperatures are
about 6 degrees above the normal in the Sacra
. . . memo and San Joaquin valleys
. ■ No rain has fallen dories: the past twelve boars
within the limits of observation. ■
Conditions are favorable for generally fair and
•omewbat' warmer weather on tae Pac.flc Slope
Sunday. . .. . ,. >■-»>.•; ■
. - Forecast mane at San Francisco for thirty hoars
• ending midnight. September 27, 1893:
.Northern California— Fair sum a.': continued
■warm we-;her: fresh nortnwes:er!y winds.
Southern California— Fair Sunday: continued
warm weather; light northwesterly wind.*.
Nevada— Fair Sunday.
' . L'tah— Fair Sunday.
- Arizona — Fair Sunday.
' • san Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday; con
tinued warm weather: fr>-s:i westerly winds.
'■ . T. 1 '.', '- - ALKXAKSEB G. McADIB.
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOKK MAKKEIi.
• ' ■ Financial.
NFW VOPK, >". Y., Kept 26.— During the
first hour of business at the Stock Exchange to
day the market ruled stronger than at any time
for weeks past. Commission-bouses bad a fair
amount of crders aid the trading element was
jenfrally buliishly inclined. The expectation of a
favorable bank statement, the movement of gold
' this way and the belief that the money market is
gradually returning to a normal state, all encour
aged operators for a rise. The receipts of gold to
4ay were 9400.000 and tne new engagements
abroad for shipment to New York $200,000. The
total amount of metal ordered on the way and de
" livered, exclusive of two million and a half just
received at San Francisco, is now about forty
three mil. ions. , •
• Local firms were buyers of the International
Issues to-day, much to :he surprise of thes.reeL
it Is understood that the foreigners are short of a
- fair line of Ktocts in this marke:, and part of the
.buying for local account was helped on the belief
• . that this Interest would have to cover. The early
' advance in prices was equal to 11A@214 per cent.
The Industrials, grangers, Louisville and the low
• ' priced Issues scored the largest gain*. Near the
close the sharp rise Invited proflt-taklnR and the
market receded V*@l¥a per cent. Sugar was
rather weak and receded 1% to 11 'I. Speculation
left off firm in tone. .'.'-,...
' .Net changes show gains of 1 /i@ly9 P«r cent
outside of Sugar, Western Union and .Manhattan,
. which lost V-i'£ x /i P" 1 «nt on the <?»y. Minnesota
Iron dropped 4 to 54. Total sales were 142,811
shares, including 32,200 sugar, 26,100 St. Paul
•nd£200 Burlington and Quiucy.
Bonds were active and strong. Sales were $79 1 ,
000. Ann Arbor fours rose 1 to 69%: Hint and
Pere Marquette sixes, 2 to 113: Fort Worth and
Denver City sixes. 2 to 52: Kansas Pacific con
solidated sixes certificates, 1 to 6tt: Louisville and
Nashville gold fives, 4 to 90; Oregon bbort Line
consolidated fives. 1 to 62 : Rock island debenture
fives, 1% to 91 : at Paul consolidated sevens, '2 to
125, ana Texas Pacific seconds, 2 to 19%.
In Government bonds .910,000 coupon fours of
..' 1925 sold at 117 ami $500 of 1907 at iO8.
Grain.
I" LOU It — Dull: firm. Winter wheat, low
grades, $1 70@2 55: do, fair to fancy, $2 4()®3 40:
do patents, $2 50@3 80: Minnesota clean. «2 SO®
2 90- do, oatents. $3 25@4 35; low extras, $1 70®
' 2 56' chy mills, $3 15«?)3 90; do, patents, 94 10
mi 25; rye mixtures, $2 60@3 10; superfine, $1 55
S3 10: fine, $1 40@2 00. Kye flour, quiet, steady;
»2 25@2 75.
. 7 COKXMEAli —Steady. Yellow Western, $1 95
RYE— auiet. Western. 43i^c 1. o. b.
BARLEY— 3234c; feeding, 273,40, Buf-
falo.
•WILE AT— Spot market quiet and easier, with op
tions: f. o. b. ti7y a c: uusraded red, 63076c; No.
1 Northern. 66c. ....
Options were moderatlvely active and Irregular,
closing weak at 5/&c decline on foreign Riling.
weaker West and local realizing. December and
May most active. No. 2 Red: May. 76V*c: ep .
0 tembcr. 70%c: October, 70%c; November, 71%c:
quiet, ' firmer. No. 2, 27V4®27%c
elevator: 2«i4@^8Vif afloat.
Options were quiet and firm at Vic advance, fol
lowing the West and on local covering. October
and l>ecembr most active. September, 273/ 8 c;
October, i^*/ 8 c: December, 28%c; May, 31%c
- : i >— Spot quiet and steady.
options dull; nominally 14c lower. September,
203/ic; October, 20%c; December, 21%@21»/4c
-mjl prices: No. It, . 21c; . No. ii w».lt#,
.24y5c: NO. 2 Chicago. 22c: 00. 3, 19@19V4c :
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO., .*
-3, Leidesdorflf St., TeL Main 1954.
. . BBAXCH OFKIOK .U'« o
C23 Market. St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
' PURDY * ATKI»OX Managers. •
Orders instanUy executed on latest market quo-
. tations. Beference 1st National Bank, H. F. ■■
CHlCAGtt FKIVAXB WIKJ5. XfJ£W;YOBE.
SaVasa "° S mixed Weslern - 2c: white
" JlOTlllioiH.
City* S?~7(l" 101 ! easy - vv ' e »tern steam. tA. 12%;
cout'liiem L )le « nV >*'>-. $4 10; r.Hnrd. slow
POun", e 4 V 01 &0UtU AmerlC »- * 4 70; toml
$7 75®|"50 eady: moderate demand. New mess,
7Van^'~ Flrtn for choice. extern dalrv.
lilt r- v,-, ? cream<I »T. ll@16c: do factory, 7®
9@i 2 lc g ** 1B1^@ 16c ; imitation creamer^
Sonf SE ~ tiuiet - part skims,
friS^f««2J9 B> Icehouse. 14 @ l *V4: Western,
fresh, 16Vi@17c: do V cbso, 10@47
nr^mSw^" 1 " 1 ttn<i firm - <:ityi 6 1 - 16c: coun "
COITo.nsEeD OIL -Firm; better demand,
>m%- 21 S\ yellow, prime. 24c.
Ja?wfi©& fsUrdtmiind - domestic, 6@5 8/i c:
; N V l 'ri;\ N , SJ ' s ~ 1711 1 New Orleans. 27@37c
tih K tf i ldv: ft lo 10 Points down. <3ep-
SS 13^: *J . 85( ? 9 95: October, $9 SO, liecembeV^
*H -5(%H8!J; March, May and July, *8 75: Spot
Kit', ami. steady: No. 7, 108 /s c
S>UG Ait _ Quiet; oil A. 4 7-16@4%c: • mold
A. 5c; standard A. 434c; cun fee. loners* A
4%c; cut loaf and crushed, 68/ 8 c; powdered. 6c
gianulated. 4*40; cubes, . c.
l»ili and rrodace.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8%@10c,
Ho A - CHKS ~ 1>t '' fleu " *-wA*C! onpeeled, 6®8c.
PUUNES— Four sizes, new, 5c.
RAISIKti— Two-crow ■-. , oose Muscatel. 4ro/lV.c:
do three-crown. 6y a : do -our crow,,. 6l; Louaon
layers, 5l.io@l IS: Uo clusters, Si 25Cq)l 40.
HOPS — 1>ul1 : unchanged, raclflc com:, 6<£&%c.
ooi.-FHlrly active; unchanged. Domestic
Ueece, it>®-'3c: potlea, ltMMlttj n-^i, 7©l2c.
M ere t) an 9.
riO lKON-Falrly active. American, S10 253
i * .'I*.
tOiraf:-Ea«icr. T.nke. ' *10 65(JB10 75.
I, J >.A1 — Barely s.eady. Dom«nc n 75®'.! 80.
11-. -Firmer. .-mi*.i«. »12 oo@i 3.
tPtl.iait-stcaay. Dom«u:. grooms.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHTCAOO. Ii,t,, Sept. 26.— Realizing occupied
the attention or the holders of wheat to-day, and
the amount offered was considerably In excess of
tbe demand so that prices yle'ded under the pres
sure of selling.' Yesterday afternoon, on the curb,
prices received stimulus from Iradstreat's figures
on the week's exports from both coasts, 3,818,000
bushels, and traces of the effect produced were ap
parent at the opening this moriilne. The Russian
crop was reported to be -03.000.000 bushels,
against 403,000,1*03 bushels for 1805. The trade
has been aware of a shortage there and tne figures
created no surprise. Prices were erratic in their
changes, but the desire to profits was the para
mount isnue. .
Receipts at Chicago were 160 cars, and 68.678
bushels were talcen from store. The Northwest
liaii 958 curs *«ainst 1136 last Saturday and 1124
a year ago. Liverpool advanced IVid, reflecting
yesterday's strength on this side. Ex
por; u clearances at Atlantic ports amounted to
-76,31 6 bushels. Closing Continental cables were
generally higher as compared with Thursday, no
quotations being received yesterday. December
wheat opened from (5 7s/ 8 (§uJ'7c declined to «5%c,
closing a: 661 c, lc under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for Monday 375 cars.
COKX— Whs tirm. by comparison with wheat,
although the opening strength was a matter of
symcathy with the leading grain. A reduction In
eatibonii'.i freight rates on corn to taKe effect on
October 1. was or material benefit to prices, as the
demand for shipment, is expected to improve
through its application. Keceipts, 908 cars, were
131 less than expet ted. Withdrawals from store
amountel to 31,H,7bO bushels. Liverpool cables
were Vi'l lower, r x port clearances amounted to
305 ;,7z tmsliels. May corn opened from 25%@
S63/gc. sold between 26 /4C and iibi/go;- closing at
26V*c. a shade under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for Monday 100 cars.
. . OATs- Firmness of corn sustained a similar tone
in oats. Busintss was as slow as it was possible
for it to be, and at the same.time maintain the ap
pearance of a market. KeceiDts were 483 cars,
and It 16 bushels went taken from store. May
oats c osed %c under yesterday. Estimated re
ceipts for Monday 470 cars.
FLAX — as linn. < ash, 72c: December, 72%
@7-S4e: iiay. 7a%(in78%c, cos n^ at7U^cb!d.
Receipts were 70 cars.
PROVISIONS— A steady hog market was effect
ive as an agent for sustaining provisions for a
time this morning, but, the inclination 01 the trade
was to sell, and soon recessions took place. Ap
proaching the close' there was a better demand
and a slight rally occurred. January pork and
ribs each ciosed 2%C lower, and January lard un
changed.
BUTTER— The butter market was quiet and
steady to-day. Offerings were moderate and the
demand fair. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, lhc ?i 1b; firsts, 13®14c;
seconds, lo&l-c; imitations fancy, 12®.
uairlea— Extras, 13c: firsts, U($12c: seconds, loc.
Ladles— 9%@10c: firsts, 8^8%c; packing
stock. 6@7c: grease, 4(a5c.
. EGGS— Were in good demand and firm. Cold
storage stock was offered freely. Prices were un
changed, i-'resu stock, 14@l4%c.
MON&Tr— Was steady at 6(&7j; on call and 7% on
time loans. »e» "i or«. fcxchangts sola at bOc did
count asked ana 80c bid.
- - ."..-.. Closing Price*.
fat— September. €5%e; December, 66Vfec;
May, 695/gC.
CORN — September. 21Vs@21 14c; December,
221 8 c; May. '^y^c.
•-■A'i. — septemuer. I61/3C; December, 17c? May.
19ii@193 c
x vjr:K— October, $6 05; January, $7 15.
i. A lit)— October, $3 75: Jauuarv. Si 10.
i i-^b- October, $J 22Vfe: January. £3 05.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, III.. Sent. 26.—
cattle market was quiet and steady today. Offer
ings were light. There was a lair Saturday's run
of hois. Heavy kinds were easy ana others
steady. Offerings of sheep were moderate. The
demand whs fair and the feeling firm.
CATTLK — Keceiots. 300. Fancy beeves.
95 00©5 10: choice lonrime. 1300 to 1700 lt> steers.
$4 55ks4 90: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1000 tt>.
*4 20294 60; medium steers, 1000 to 1M>O &>. SI OJ
(&i 15: lair beef steers. »50 to 1300 lbs,
$5 7064395: batcher steers. *:< US©» 6 5; choice
stockeri and feeders. 900 to 1250 1b. S3 4003 SO:
fair 10 - ■«)!) 1 do. 500 to 875 tb. 93 «0@3 36; bulls,
choice, to extra, 80(<i>3 10; bulls, poor to choice,
SI 5U@'<5 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra, S3 30
($3 60; cows, fair to choice, %'L 2f>@3 -26: cows,
common to fair canners. $1 10(g/'i 00; calves, rood
to choice. £5 bO(a.6 10: calves, common to good,
83 00^5 40: Texas grass steers. t'£ 40©, 3 00.
Texas cows and bulls. 91 750*2 50: Western can
ning steers, 92 65(ci4 ; Western range cows ana belt
ers. $■-' 15<£»3 25: milkers and springers, V head,
t<!5(&40: Western ranee steers, *2 60jU3 60; West
ern rangers, 92 2 3 ($3 25.
jH OO »— .Receipts. 18.000. Heavy packing ana
rhlpplnc lots. $"2 t>033 la: common to choice
mixed, «2 90'<*3 45: choice assorted.- $b 35«$
i 45: nghi. 12 »6<»3 45; pigs. 91 50«3 *U
Mttti iteceipis, ttOiHJ. luierwf to choice,
$125^3 20; iambs, *3*.4 50.
i NEW YORE STOCKS.
Bunds, lixcliiinjo, Money and Railroad
SIinre«.
Money on call easy at 4*.'. Prime mercantile pa
per, 7(39%. i»r tilver. BJE/ 8 c Mexican dollars.
5lfd3ii/ic Sterling Exchange is steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at 84 81^(34 81%
lor »ixiy cays, and $4 8404 84^4 for demaud.
Posted rales. $4 82@t 84%. Commercial bills,
ti MJVi@4 HI 1 /*- Government bonds higher. State
bonds dull. Railroad bonds strung. t$Uv*r at the
I board was steady.
• cxoanro stock* . -
imT«*CiW«~.. 90 (Norfolk * We*tra. 9
Atcblson- 12% Preferred... 13%
Preferred. ... 19% Northern Pacific. . lav*
Adams Express... | Preferred. 'Jlyt
Alton. Terra Haute 68 Northwestern...... 9»va
American Expression Preferred. 140
AmerlcanToDacco. 63 X. Y. Central 03
Preferred......... 951/8 N.Y..Chicajto<ftS.L> 11
Ear State Gas 1*Vb' 1st preferred 70
P.altlmoreitOhlo.. 14y 4 Vd preferred 27%
Brunswick Land*., ,,%K. }.& N. H. 168
buffalo, Koch A *?- 17 ,X. Y. 4 New Enj. 45
Canada Pacluc.:.... 67i^.N. Y., Bus., A W... Hi*
Canada Southern.. 46 | Preferred. 22%
Canton Land 60% Ontario ;...; 10
Central Pacinc 133 /4 Ontario & Western lss^
Ches. & Ohio ..' iBVs Oregon Improvmat 14
Chicago Alton...... 1*5 Preferred -—
Preferred. ... ■>**■* Oregon Navigation 15
Chicago. B. & i... '70 |Oregon Bhort Una. 14y 2
Chlcato&E. III... SJ» jPacificMall 10
Preferred. «9 ll-eorla. D.* Kvan* % 1%
Chicago Gas Plttsburg* W. pfd 15
Cleve<fc Plttsbnrg..l58 Pullman Palace....
Consolidation CoaL 32 Quicksilver. IJ^
Consolidated Uas.. 146 Va Preferred. 15
C. C. C. & 8u Louis 27i,i, Heading ...... *p
Preferred. ... 72 KioGrahde&Westa 15
Colo, fuel & iron.. 21% iTefenrd. 40
Preferred tO Kock Island. bfy a
Cotton Oil Cert... 13 KomeWat4tO«dea.ilO
Commercial Cable. 140 * L- A 8. W 8i£
Del. Hudson 124 Preferred HV4
Del.Leck*Weiitxa. 153 Bt. Paai ~--,7,S^
Denver R. u 11 Preferred...; 1^»
Preferred.. 42% Bt. Paul & DulnUa. 19
Distiller*.. ■. — : Preferred 77
General Klectrlc... 28% St. Paul & Omaha. 38
trie. 13*/»' Preferred. 112
PreVe'rr'ea 80 P. AM...... 112
Fort Wayne 145 Sliver Certificates. 6534
Great Northern pfdllS Southern Padflo... 15
Green Bay... Vfc Bonthero K. li 814
Harlem 300 | Preferred. 24V*
Hocking Uoai...... i!:ugar Refinery ,...11^V»
Hocking Valley.... 14 Preferred. .......100
Home»take. ....... »* Tenn. Coal * Iron. 23V«
11. & Texas Cent... | Preferred.. »0
Illinois Central..... 91 1 Texas Pacific 7
Iowa Central....... Tol.A.A.*N.MlcH.—
Preferreo ...... 27Vi|lol. & Otuo Cent... 20
Kansas Texas... 10^] Preferred. 50
Preferred .... 24S/ 3 Tol.auLouisJtiCC t>
Kingston <E Pern... 3 Preferred... .:..„ lo
Krle* Westn 15 Onion Pacino 7
Preferred......... 88 U. P. Den * ami • 1%
I^keBhore 146*4; V. a Coraage 4*/ 4
National Lead 22V* Preferred. »3/
Preferred »'■* Guaranteed ....- 18%
Long Island........ 66 U. 8. Express 36
Louisville & Nash. 4 2 Vs U. 6*. Leather 9
LonisvUle. Na&ca . IV2 Preferred......... "»$%
Preferred......... 5 U. B. Rubber. ;lb%
Manhattan Consol. 88% Preferred. :;...... 70
Memphis* Char;*, 16 UUca A a Kiver.. 150
Mexican Central... H% Wab. «i. L. &P.O.. 6 _
MJchlran Central.. 90 Preferred -18%
Minn&aL. ...... Wells-Fargo. ..;.. 80
PreJerred. ;.....— Western Union.... M
Minn <fc 8U L com. s 1 &y 2 Wisconsin Central. * 1%
Jst preferred 70 Wheeling L. JC.. 8 £
lid preferred. 41 Preferred. ........ 2%Vi
Missouri Paclfla... '21 V* Am Cotton OU pf4. 47
Mobile* Ohio....; 17 W. D. Beef «y a
NaahvUleAChatt. 67% Ann Arbor 7
National Linseed.. ,16 Preferred 21%
N. J. Central 103% Brooklyn Tractiou. VI
Mli'UlAOiMlCAU... 4%liJrle*^dpW«<iMi.f I
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER .27, 1896.
fl.f-6l\G TtOXTM.
Aln Class A in 101 (Northern lsts. 11 3%
UoClas? 15 4, 5s..10>i - ; J)o2ds. . . : '....105
Alabama, class c. 95 | Honda 65Vi
AimisonM.. 77% Do consof'Bs'. '.!'.'. 46%
UoUds A 86 Olmprovenient 1st 73
CiinadaSou:h2ds.. 101 i Do 5s . .... 10
Ceil Psc 1st? of '94.100 ! C1UK lsts...,...108%
Cherokee 4s, 1888. 90 i Ho :nn*ol bs..... 86
} 897 10 lor short Line 107%
I'o 1898 10» I Ho cons 02
1)0 1899 .....100 racillc-Jsor'07....
Uies<BOnlo bs....lU.i : ihila<fc!.eadinz4s. 76
y»*NPTrRcuBa 41V* Do 1st |.rdlncam. «5
j)C3-65s. lOttM ft Grande West lsu 70
Uen&iiu 1st llO%*tL*ironMtGen5» 71*4
.. 1)0 **> 85% KtL&BF tieu tJi.lu:
££••**• °° St J'anl Consols.... 125
i t\\ ifcDenCity Jsts 80% tit P C& Pa Ian... 114
1>U 4 H A 6s...:.. 101 jso Carolina 4%*... 104
_Uo2d7a... )l>0 (southern UK 6s... 86
Gen KlBcDeb ■*••• 87 Do « c ( -'* 1 lsts.. 108
M A Tex Cent 6s.. 10BV4 Tenn new 3» 75
llocon fit.. ...... .100 Texas Pacific ls;s. 81%
Iowa Centralists.. !>2 lusis Pacific 2ds.. 1»':h
Kan»u» Pa Consols 66 Union Pac lsu 94105
Kb i-» l»u u t . u uivJKS I in* re* of 1h25.11« /s
IaConsol4s 89 J 4s. coupon. ... 1 17
Missouri funding... Ir f 4«.n»e of 1907.107
► K.TIM*.,,, 55% Do4s.coupon....l08
Do Is My 4 l )o'.'i 8.S
Mobile & Ohio 4«.. 31 > l'oSs.. . ..Ill
Mutual Union fl»...10«i4' J o 6s. coupon. ... 11 1
> J Cent Gen 5v..U4 . i V> lundlnc debt... 57
K V C<fc-*t Louis 4slO»34J registered. .
Nor<tAVV,t Hen 68.116 Jo deferred 63... 5
K Carolina con 4*.. 95 j Do trust rcpta ss. ■'.
Cods 110 Whuasti 1st 63 104
Northwest Consols.1 33 West Shore 4* I04
Do deb Ss 104 I
1'OEKIGN MARKETS.
1VH15AT EM LJVKRPOO:..
MVE1!!'O()I.. Kxij.. Sept. 26— The spot market
is higher at 6s ~.i<l. Cargoes firm at 29s 4Vid, ay
rived. ' . •. f? '... ;
FtTTURKS.\
Tlie Produce Ex cha nee cable gives the following
Liverpool quotation* lor No •_' MM Winter: Sep
tember. 63 9d: October, Os 9.1: November, 5s 9d;
December, 5a9i/ d: January, 5s 9% L
6KCOBITIJM. .
I.OXDO.V. Kno., Sent. 25— ConsoK 10914:
silver, oOi-2Cd; French Kentes, 1011 S7%c
SXCHA3TGJC AN > BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days _ f 4 P3
Rerllns Exchange, sight .' — 4 86
Sterling Cables — 4 87-
New York Exchange, siebt — 05
New "* ort Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
cine silver. V- onnce — 66%
[ Mexican collars ■ 51! 52%
FEODITOE MARKET.
WHEAT AM) OTttKK GRAINS.
WHEAT-^The Elllsland takes' for Cork 80.601
ctls, valued at ?85,106; Hollinwood, for Hull. 92,
281 ctls atSi*6,y^0.
The market was easier yesterday, but not qnot
ab!y lower, though fntures tell off. No. 1, $1 07%
@1 08% 1*. ell; choice, $1 10: lower trades. 95c
@fl 06; extra ell to lor milling, .*1 10@l 1:14.
CALL HOARD SALES.
Informal Sksmon— !l:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 10%; 4000. SI 10- : 12,000, $1 11;
10,'IOU. $1 1 1%. May— 4000, $114; 2000, 81 14%;
UOUO, $1 14%. . *
bKCOjJD --KSsroM — December — 10,000 '■ ctH
*1 10»/ 4 ; 6000, *1 10%; 4000, $1 10%: 2000.
♦ I 10i 4 ; 30 000, $1 li.%. May— .'000. 81 13%:
4000, M 13%: 2000, $1 13S/ ; 10,00'J. $1 lSV*.
Kkoular .uoKM.Nii i-KssiuN — December— hoO'J
ct:s, 10; 2000. *1 101^:81)00, SI 10%; SMI}.
$1 10%; 22,000, $1 10»4. Muy-tfOOO, $. 13%;
2000, *1 18%. * ' . Wt
JUaHLKY-.Vo further change. We quote Feed,
57Vg@a*y a c ctl; choice bricht, 65@66Vic;
Brewing. <2%@S0c ~$ cU; Chevalier, 9O..<*$1 lor
i«a l. :^;,..
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session — So sales.
liitGi'UR Mobnixo >teiHiox— December— 2000
els. 736^o: 2000, 2000. 741/sC.
OATS— steady and uncharted. Black, for fee:!,
70&*«0c $ ctl; MJ!lln», 87V4<g92V<>c: fancy feed.
92V^05c f) ctl: cood to choice, 86@92Vic: com
moil :o «air, 75&80C; Gray, ti5@87y2C; surprise,
95c«t»l 02%.
COKN"— Is s eadier In sympathy with Wheat, but
no «her. I Arse Yellow." 8O@82 Small Konnd
do. 85c 't» ctl: Wane, 76(3Sl>c. " :■: ';. : ■.
RVK-65@70c$ ctl.
iiUCKW uKAl- Nominal at 86@95c ©CtL
FLOUIl AND MIL,LSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, *3 75@3 90 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55
(0.3 65; Eiiperline, $2 9'J(c,S 15.
1'Oli.NJlEAL h.TC— Feed Corn, $18 60@19;
Cracked corn. 819@19 50 # ton.
0J1LLSTUFF-— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, S2 10;
Rye Flour, *2 50; Rice Flour. $6 75; Cornmeal,
$'-' 10; extra croar.i do. $2 75: Oatmeal, $2 90; Oat
■ •routs, *3 50: Uomlny, f 3 10@3 30: Buckwheat
Fiour, $3 10@3 SO; Cracked Wheat. *v) 76; Fa
rina, S3 10: whole Wheat Hour. $2 30: Boiled
Oats. $3 50: Pearl Barley, Si 60; >jilu I'vua, $3 2o;
Green do, 4i 10 '?. 100 lbs.
HAY AM) KKKDSTPrFS.
BRAX-S12 . r .0ai2 80 for the best and $11 50®
12 %4 ion for outside brands.
>nni!LlN(;s_$i5 V ton for lower grades, and
$ltf^il8 i* ton for the best.
FJiEDSTUFFS- Rolled Barley, «14 50@l6: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 %"- ton: jobbing, 22;
clipped Oats.97%c@$l 05 » ctl.
HA V —Receipts continue moderate and the mar
ket rules steady. Wheat. $7@9: Wheat and Oat. $6
(dlS 50: Oat. *6(s.7: Barley. $6@7: Klver Barley.
*4 . r >0(Q.5: A I fa. fa. $5 60(0, 50 lor second and
$4 60(g,5 for lint <nttitiE: compressed $6<g>9; stock,
*4©5: Clover, e@7 60 l» ton.
b'i'KAW— iO&adc ft bale.
BEANS AND SEED!.
BEANS— Beyond the activity In Iargn Whites
there is no brisk movement. Bayos, 95c@$l 15;
Small Whites, b5c<$$l 10 > ctl: Pea. P5c(§
$1 15 •$ ctl; JLarce Whites. 20@97V4c •$ ctl; Pink,
! 75©' 5c V Ctl: Beds, $1@1 10 V cU; Blackeye,
I $1 25; Bed Kidney, fl«sl 10: Llmaj, $1 6013
1180: Butters, $1 25@1 40.
~KK1)^-Brown -Mustard, $2 50@2 66; Yellow
Mustard, $1 40@l J60: Flax. $1 25; Canary. 2V*
I (g,'~'\\ v V* It: AUulfa, nominal: Kupe, 2^c; Hemp,
ilitiki) rKAS-fi 1O@1 40 * cU for Nile* and
$1 'J5(s.l 60 for Green.
POTATOES, O>1ONS, VtGETABLES.
POTATOES— Are weaker. Sweet Potatoes ar a
quotable at 75c©*l \: oil; Early Ro3e, 25@3Oc; i
Burbank SeedliiiK*. VJ5g,a5c tor Rivers and 60S)
90c 'ft c 1 for Salinas.
ONIoNS— Are firm at 80@S5c; Vickies, 40@60c
fi sacic.
VEGETABLES — Everything Is demorolired.
Tomatoes' and Corn in particular. Marrowfat
Squash quotable at $6@8 ¥ ion; Orren Corn, V6@
7bc %4 sack: Alaun-da Corn, 75c(jgi$l >* crate;
Berkeley Corn. i'0fa:50c box; summer Squash
25o V box. Egg Plant, 26<a.40i; » box:
Tomatoes. 10025c <* box: Cucumbers, 2. > ?Cct4()c
V box; Pick lVs c I tti for No 1 and 76®
bOc %> ctl for No. 2; Uref.n Peppers, 2O@35o %i
larse box for Chile and 2U@35c for Bell: Green
Peas, 5Oc@$l sk for common and 2@2Ujc ft ft>
for (iarden; String Beans. 60c(&91 * sack for com
mon and '2<§,'2\' 3 c V tb for garden: Llmas. 40@05c
V sack; Green Okra, 2o©50c %* box: Dried Okra,
1-VaC f* lb; Cabbage, 40c %4 cU; Carrots, 30®40c
14 suck; Garlic, i^@i2c %i &>.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Steady and unchanged.
I'bkaiieby- Fancy,21@22V&c; seconds, 20c "$ lb.
Daibt— Fancy, 20c ¥> lb: good to choice, 17yor<s
19c: lower gradi-s. 12Vi@16o '# m.
PlCKLJEl>— lft@17c tt>.
FlKKIN— 14@ltiC ii tt>. .
CHEESE— Prices have not changed for some
time Choice mild new, 8Vi@9c V lb: common
to good old, G@8c; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Young
America, 9(fl.IUc; Western, 10@llc: i.osiern, lira
13c ?( tt>.
KGU-— Nothing new. Market qnlet. Oregon,
14f«16c ft dozen; Eastern, 16@19c for fair to
choice and 20c for fancy: store Kggs. 15@1 6c for
ordinary and 17@20o for good; ranch Kegs, 25®
30c; cold-storage, l8@20c. Duck Eggs, 18@20c
POt-LTKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is depressed, owing to
the liberal receipts from the Etsi. Conslderaole
slock was left on band at the close.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 18@14o 9 Jb for
Gobbler*. 12@13c for Hens: young Turkeys. 16@
18c: Geese, "r* pair, $!@1 25; Gosllngn, $1 25,'g>
1 50; Ducks, $3®4 for old and 9-435 for young;
Hens. $4«d5: Boosters, young, f 4@4 50 v. doz; do,
old, »4(g»* 60: Fryers, *£ 75@3; Broilers, $2 50®
3 for large and $<!($2 50 for small; Pigeons,
SI 75 V dozen for young and $1 6*0 for old.
OAllK- Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— .
Flams are getting scarce, reaches and Fears
are weak. Quinces are in light supply- ■
Quince*, 4O@6Oc * box.
Poaches, 20®4Oc »l box for ordinary and 40@60c
lor Mountain free.
riums. :-i5(flj5l)c # box; Prunes, 50@75c.
Pomegranates, 6ur«,76c ft box.
Apples, 65c@$l ¥ box for choice, 25950c for
common. '
Pears, 25@o0c V box; Bartletts, 60@75c ft large
box. ;•■■■•••■. . ' • ■ ■
Figs, 40®70c for black, double layers.
BERR1KS— The canners are baying all Berries
at the lowest quotation. Cranberries are lower
mid r the large supplies. . :
strawberries, 91 S0@4 for large berries and $10
for l.onRWortl:s- ' '
Raspberries, t'i 60@4 i& chest. ' .
Blackberries, $1 6006 V chest.
'- Huckleberries, 7©8o f» tb. .
. Cranberries from Wisconsin and Cape Cod, $8
* bbl. ■
UUAPEB- Wine descriptions continue steady
but table sons are weak and dull. Isabellas
are quotable at 50@GUc f. crate: 1'okny*, SU®
40c ft box: Black Urapos, »'5®4Oc: -Muscats. 250
3Sr: watprs, 'JhlgSbc V box; Grapes in crates
bring lUC<£16c more than in boxes. ■- ,■■.■-
ZlnfamTel Vine Grapes, 8'J2@25 9 ion: mixed
lot*. 9<!0®22 50; straight black Grapes. *20@22 10.
MELUKh- Watermelons are well cleaned up and
the .sudden hot went her has advanced the prices.
Watermelons, $10©15 V 100: Cantaloupes, 35©
76c * crate; : Nutmegs. 25@4Uc $ box.
CITBL'B FRUITS— Lemons, 75c@*l BO f* box
for common and t'l 60@3 60 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, $5@r> BO V box: California Limes.
: Bananas, 9l@2 ~t> bunch; Pineapples, 92 60®
Iftvoz. ..--«-; i . - .. . .
DKltD FBCIT81 RAISINS, NITS, ETC.
ERIKD FRriTS-
All descriptions of Fruits are stiff and slowly ad
vancing. 1 runes and Apricots lead at the mo
ment. We are Ulcely to have a good Fall trade
after all.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: ■
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6©8c fS lb for Royals
and 9@10e?Tir> for choice to fancy Moornarks;
Prunes. 3@3Vic: reaches, 3@4%c for prime to
choice, 6V«c for fancy Bud »@luo for peeled in
boxes: Apples, 6%c for evaporated and 2@2%c for
Kim-dried; Pears. l%@3c tor prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and i(d,bciOT halves; Plums. 4c ior pit
ted and l%@2o «or unpiited; Nectarines. 3@4c
for choice and be- lor fancy; white Figs, He: black
Figs, 3%@'-'%c-
Jobbinu Pbk ki«— Peaches. 4Vi@5V 2 c: fancy, 7c
%» Ib: Apricots, 6®7c: fancy, 8c: Moorparks.*10<a
lie: evaporated Apples. tic: sun-dried. 3c; Prunes,
3V4@3%c for the lour sizes; Figs, black. /a c for
nupieased »ua 3@3Vi} for pressed: white Firs. 4c:
Plums, 5c for pitied ana l%e for unpitted: Necta
rines. 4(di5c ib for prime to fancy: Pears, 2%@
»c for whole. 2%@3%c for quarters and 4@iVc tor
halves. ..,' ■■•."
raisins-
1 aei. km Fkic^b, r. o. b. Frimxo— Four-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown. Hi.4c: 2-crow-n, 2>ic: heedless
Sultanas, 4c; heedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3-crowu
London layers. 81 10; clusters, 81 35; X>ebesa
clusters, $1 76: Imperial clusters, - $2 60; dried
Grapes, 2^4c %* tb. :
Jobhinc 1'kii »8— Four-crown, loose, 4%0: 3
crown, 8%C Ib: 2-crown, 8c 1* Ib: seedless Sul
tanas, 5c %4 lb; seedless Muscatels, 8%c; 3-crown
London Jay its. $1; clusters, $150: Delicsa clus
ters. Si! 50: Imperial clusters, , 2 50.
NUTS— Quo. «rv as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, s Id lit 10c lor soi'tshell; new Almonds,
7c for Lanituedoc, for hardshell and 9@10c for
paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c for Eastern
un.l 4c for California; Hickory Nu is, 6@8c V tt>;
Pecans, 7%@SJfi: Filberts. 7%&8c; Lrazll Nuts,
7%<&Sc ft JC; Cocoauuts. *4(g)5 '0 100.
liuN'KY— 10@12%c for br.ght and 5@9c
for lower grades: vvaier-wiuie extracted, 5@5V2C;
light amber extracted, ■4 1 . / 8 /ic; dark aulwr, 4©
4%c; oaric. 2@3c 1* tb.
ihKsW A A — -5(^27c fi lb.
PROVISIONS.
Quotations rpnmin unchanged.
CURED MKATS-Bacon, 6%c 9 lh for heavy,
7%c "^ Ib for 11-h . medium. 9fdi9VsC ?J Ib
for light, JU@llc for extra mint and 12o for sugar
cured; Eastern aupar-cured Hams, 12%@18c:
California Haras. :i»'*llc * Ib; Mess Beef, $7@8:
extra mess do, $8 50@9: family do, $10@ll: extra
i.rime l'ork, »8(o.S 10; extra clear, $13 V bbl;
mess, «i 1 60(a)12 $ bi>l: Smoked Beef, lOo 9 tb.
l.ARD— Kabtern tierces is quoted at 4%c $ Ib
for com pou tut and 6%c ior pur«; palls, be Ib;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6%c tor
pur*; bH.f-bblis, B«4c; 10-Jb Una, tiVic; do5-tb,
»5iAc V> lb.
COTTOLENK— 6i/%@G%c In half-bbis and 63,;®
7% v Ib In 10-lb Uiis.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
hides AND SKI N- -Heavy salted steers, 6%c:
culls and brands, 5%?: medium, 5%@6c; culls and
brands, 4*/ 2 r<j(5o p. Ib: light, 4@4%c: culls and
brands. 3%(S4«; Cou-mdrs, 4:o)5c: culls and brands,
3%@4%c; sHiten Kip, oc: salted Calf, 6@7c f* E>;
sailed Veal. 6@6c; dry Hides. 5KcBlOc: culls and
branus, 7@7V>c; dry Kip and Veal. 8c: culls, 6$
7c 4t Ib; dry calf. 16c; culls, lOo; Uuatskins. 2O'g>
:-'. r >c each: Kids, Be; Deer.iktnit, sot a summer,
'- > ()c.2.".c t* Hi: medium, 15(o) Oc; winter, 7@9c;
sheppskins. sbearlnn. jOalTx: each: snort wool,
*J0ti$35c eucn ; medium, 4i)iaoOc >-nfh: long wools,
tfictoO each. Culls of nil kinds about \ .' 2 c less.
1 Ai-JL(jW— No. 1. reinlerot:, 2%©3c: .No. 2,
2@2i,ic; refined, 4S / 4@5c: orease, l%c "». tb.
WOOL— We quo e new San Joaquin Fall, 2%
(aH ■ %4 Ib: Spring clip: Hnmboldt and Mendoclno,
i0ro)llc: Nevaila. C@8V 2 c: Han Joaquin and South
ern Coaat, six months. ii%@5c: northern free de
fective. 4%@5%c %* tb.
HOPS— Are nominal • ■;- >\
GKKKRAX MKKCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 1034 15:
Pan Quenlii., $4 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c;
Fr Ii Bag*. 5V 4 @5%a
COAL- Wellington, »8 1» ton: New Wellington,
*8 ¥i ton: Southtield Wellington. $7 50 » ton;
Seattle, *5@5 60: jrsryan.. »5; loos J-:av, *4 60:
Wallsend. ?7: scotch, $7 60; Brymbo, $7 60;
t'-.imoeriana, $13 50 f« ton in bulk and $15 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 fk ion; Welsh
Anthracite, 99: Cannel, *7 60; ock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 00: Coke,
•$1".(§,!2 in bulk and $13 * ton in sks.
CANNED SALMON" -The Alaska Packers' A«
poclntion quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots of
25,000 cases. 95c «* dozen: 50.000 cases, 92%c ft
dozen; 75,000 cases, 90c 9 dozen, net casu f. o. b.
ex-ship. -
SDOAB- The Western Sugar Refining Compnny
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5ygo:
Powdered, 6^'ac: Fine Crushed, 6%c; Dry Grauu
lated, 434c; confectioners' A, 4341;: Magnolia A,
4s/ c: KxtraC,4i,.jc: GoidenC, 4^«o: half barrels,
Vic more than barrels, and boxes %c morn.
SAN FRANC IsCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices show no farther change. Wholesale rates
for dressed stoctc from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 5@51.-3C; second do. 40
4V«<-: tnlril ao. 3i 9 c fi It. I
vEAL— Larjri». 4(#5c; small, 5@6c B n>
MUTTON— Wethers, &l&o\ 2 c; Kwea, 4^@ac
» n>.
i.AMR-5V»©6Vbc «« 1b.
POKK- Live Hots. 2 Vs'*2G/ a5 B) for largo and
2*4.c for small and medium; or«ssed do, ■4 1 .4@4V'a t:
KECEIPTS Ok FKOOUCil,
j-n* 24 HOCK*.
Floor, qr Kkn.... 88,700 1 Km, doz 6,620
wheat, cUs 18.7tt5Hldes.no K'5
Barley, ells 8.343 Pelts, bdis 112
Beans, sfcs H.678 Wine, gals 19.200
Oats, ctls 9 .5 Brandy, gals..... 600
Potatoes. sKs.... 1,84.) Wool, bis 129
Unions, ana Mi2 Sugar, bbls 3,437
Bran, ska 1,150 Lumber. M feet.. 16
Middlings, Sks... t}50 leather, rolls.... 48
May, tons 437 Mustard seed, SK 869
Butter, ctls 106 Lime, bbls 81
Cheese, ctls 82 1
THE STOCK MARKET.
The past week was very unsatisfactory as far as
Comstock speculation was concerned, trade being
almost at a standstill and prices weak.
The Vnion con. assessme.it falls delinquent In
office to-morrow.
The Marguerite <-"o'<i Mining and Milling Com
pany of Auburn, Placer County, ha* levied an
assessment of 20 cents per share, delinquent No
vember 10.
The Market-street Railway Company has de
clared a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per share,
payable October 10.
The Anglo-Callfornian Bank has declared a semi
annual dividend of Us par share for the half-year
ending June 80. equal to 6 per cent per annum,
payable immediately.
Tue last half-yearly dividend of the Bank of
British Columbia was at the rate of 4 percen'. per
Hiir.u n. The balance of the credit of profit and
loss for the lust half-yearly term was £14,481.
The dividend absorbs £12.01)0 of that sum. leav
ing £'2841 to be carried forward.
The Bank of British North America has . de
clared an interim dividend for the half-year of 20s
per share, equal to 2 per cent on the paid-up capi
tal.
An interim dividend of 3 per cent for the half
year flirting June 30. 189(5, has been paid tbls
month by the London, Paris and American Bank.
A spwval meeting of the stockholders of the
Bodle Consolidated Mining Company baa oeen
railed for October 13 to ratify ibe act* of the di
rectors and to authorize the sale of the property of
the company to the standard Consolidated Minng
Company on the lines already published. A meet
ing of the Bulwer Consolidated stockholders will
be called soon for the same purpose. The Mono
stockholders have already authorized the sale of
their property.
con. Col. and Va. mine, 1000 level— From west
rros-.cu. .No. 2, started at point In north drift 660
feel north from Con. Virginia shaft station, or 85
feet south trom north boundary lin • of mln ■, at
point i,i6 feet from its mouth, a double compart
ment upraise has been carried up 16 feet, passing
through porphyry, clay and lines of quartz of low
assav value.
1660 level— On ninth floor, first floor above sill
floor, east crossctit started from south drift at
point 600 feet In from Its mouth, or about 60 fet-t
norm from our south boundary line, wasadvamed
11 feet, passing through softer porphyry showing
clay separation*: total length. 87 feet.
17lO level — From twnfth :o twehty-fourth
floors above sill floor on this level at north end of
stope, in old ground of former workings, we have
ex racted dnrlng wees 127 to.is of ore, average
assay value of which, p?r samples taken from cars
in mine, was $:;9 96 per ton. From sixteenth
floor upraise, which connects with twenty-fourth
floor from end of east drift, we are sloping on sev
enteenth Moor in old ground, assaying $25 per ton.
On eighth floor we are drifting north in old ground
assaying fiom #2 to *5 per ton. Total extraction
of ore for week amounted to 127 tons, the average
assay value of which, per samples taken from cars
woen raised to surface, was $37 79 per ton.
Following.*™ the Highest Prices Daring
the Fast Weak.
Stock. Mod. Tue*, WtM. Thn. 1TL Sat.
Alpha.. .16 IS IS 16 16 .16
Alia -.. 01 08 05 07 05 05
Andes ...... SO 27 as a? 28 28
Belcher .': 6'" 49 i't 65 6b 62
Best <fc B«lcnee.. 83 90 94 91 02 90
Bodle «<> . 68 64 65 64 ■ 64
Bullion _.... 19 18 19 Ul 21 "JO
Bnlwer .". 42 44 44 44 48 41
Caledonia • 10 11 il 12 12 11
Challenge 41 44 60 66 53 60
Chollar 2.20 a.16 2.20 2.20 2.15 2.10
Con. * Va.. 1.75 1.70 1.75 1.80 1.75 1.70
Confidence 1.25 1.20 1.40 1.65 1.40 1.85
Crown Point.... 49 46 49 61 60 47
Gould A Curry. 52 61 60 62 61 47
Hale A Norcrosi 1.46 1.40 1.45 1.46 1.40 1.40
Mexican ....... 61 ,■■ 48 . 49 . M 60 48
Mono............. 19 21' 20 20 16 15
Ophlr....... 95 91 96 97 94 '91
Overman -14 _ 13 14 15 lt> : IS
Occidental. ...... 49 4t> 48 47 46 43
i*oto*l... ......... »1 87 hit t»0 87 82
Ravage .... 62 69 68 60 68 60
beg. Belcher.... 08 08 ! 07 08 07 07
Sierra Nevada.. .69 68 70 ■ 7V: 70 67
Union............ .86 86 39 40 67 67
UuUi...... 08 06 OH 07 07 . 08
Y«Uow Jacket.. SI 28 31 »5 : 33 SI
BOAK1> SALKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
BEstrtAB jiop.niso skssiox. cnvxxxcnro 9:30.
300 Alpha.... .15 125 CC4V...1.70i200 8Nev....68
100 Belcher...62 75. . 1.65100 Union. ...5«
400 B & B..... 90 200 Crwn Pt. .47!»00 67
100 Bodle 64il60G<fcC 47 400 Ot&b 08
200 Bullion... Mxcn.....4B ! 500 X JaclU>.Sl
200 Challnic..4K 200 ODhlr.:...91|2U0 ...........30
-'00 ConH....l.S& 100 Savac.~..66l
Fojlouinc were tne suits In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday : . :
RKOt'LAR SWISION-— 10:31.
100 Alpha.. ..16(150 Conn... .1.35 10U Ophlr 92
200 Alta 06|200i> C Inin ..02 400 90
200 Andes 27 500 ConN Y...03 400 Overman. 14
800 Blclir b: 7<»> «. j-u.iit....4n tiOJ i'otosi 84
300 ....... .....5;- 200 Kxcoqr.. .05 500 Save 50
60J i.*B......9l 400 Odtc . . ..47700 Seorplon-07
JOJ Bodle. 1511 H.V.N 1.42% 401) B.til....u7
60 I 1.U11IOU...18 200 Julia. WOsKv 66
10J Biilwer...4ViU00 Justice. ...OS 1000 S Hill. ..02
200 Caleda. ..liltOO Keuuick..0c 15u Uolou.....
850 Cliailge...48i500 I > \Vasb...P'.'5OO f..~65
BOO ...... 49 300 ex .;.,. 4S 200 64
300 (.nuir 100 Mono 19:100 Utan 08
600 CC*V...1.7oi3UO Occd ...41'JOii Y Jum.....5i0
100 l.«7%'300 41 300 ......31
30J I.Bj 1 : ■■;.-■ ■>. .
CLOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 26-12 m.
■ X1A.J.ikrd.\ MirLAs/ced.
AJnhnCon ... 16 1«5 Jackson 25 40
Ait*. 05 Ottljnila .. — 08
Andes. 28 '29' Justice.'; 0* 06
Belcher 62 68 Keiuuck 06 07
Best & Belcaer 90 91 Lady Wasu 02 14
BentouCoa.... — 16 Mexican 47 48
Bodie 63 61 Mono 15 i:0
Bullion ........ 19 20 Nevada Queen. — 04
Bnlwer.. ....... 41 • Occldeuiul..... 41 43
Caledonia. 11 13uphir :.... 89 91
Choilar 2.10 Overman^ 13 14
Con.Cal<&Va...l.65 1.70 FotosL 82 84
Chaiienso Con. 49 60h>avace. 65 66
Con. Imperial. <<_' OS Scorpion. — lt»
Conlldence.... 1.80 1.4Ujs>ei{. Belcher... 07 08
I Con New Yoric — 04 l Syndicate 03 . —
crown Point... 46 47 silver Hill.... — OH
Kast»lerraN*7 — 14 Sierra NevaJ t 65 67
KurekaOon... 25 40 Union Con..... 53 64
Kxcneauer .... 04 i-.'iLiuli L7 U8
: lioulu .stcurry. 46 48 Yellow JauKei. 30 31
Li atli- li: ut'Cra. 1 40 1.45
COLD JIIM-Nii KXCH.w; !,
Champion |1UO Lock wood Con. -0
Eld 1C 50 . 1'riucess.
Asked 21 Ou Asked... 73
Kdna Savannah
Asked 35 Bid '..: 44
Grant.... Asked........ „ 46
Bid 101 i'liorpe
AsJced 24;B!<1 ..« 60
Keystone ...... Asked „ 85
Bid ...65 CO 60 Chollar Si 15
Asked ....70 00 60 Con Virginia... 165
Kennedy 60 .. 170
Bid 5 75 60 Hale & Norcrs. 146
Asked 6 50
STOCK A>1» BONO EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Sept. 215-10:30 a. m.
UNITED STATUS HOSlJS.
Jit,i. Asked. ' Sid. A feed.
CS 4*conp..l( 6 — jtfS4sree-« — 107%
Do new IKaUellbVi — . I
mncKLUKimin "ot-x
r»!-««tCW*3* 108% — iPacHoilM'Ji. _. _.
Cal EleCL6sl20 - •• !Do2dl3 _ _ v
CntraOW5» — 97 %j * O Ky 6». — ' J15
Dpnt-stex-co — 97% F<fcCh Ry 9». — 107%
KdsnLdtPU»lCO >.—* Pwl-st RROl. — 113
> &CHKKS*. - 304 Beno, Wall — 105
tieary-siKSs. — 307% bacto I' A L. — 102%
LosAns-La* — 100 |!>l<S:Nl'K5*. 98 99%
DoUnteedSt - 101 IsPKUArtz - «4%
Mkt-stCble6all8 119%'sPRKCaltfs. — 110%
DoRyCOnSs.. £ 104%!sPURCal5*. t- . 100
NalVJnGsisl 90 — ISPBrRCalS* 96 89
NevC2igR7s. 95 — !<V\Vater«*.:il6%lltf%
N Pt)RR6l.lO3% - SVWater**.. 974*977/ 8
N By Cal Hi.., - 101 KtktnG&EtJi — 100
S Ky Cal 5s. — ICO SunsiTifcTd*. — —
OakOas 64..100 l()4i. 2 .Suuer-sttt5*. 108 — -'
Load la 6s..102%10;h3/, VtealiaWCM — —
Uu.iilUua «»».llhV g 120 • " • : ; •
Vatkb stockv
Contra Costa 32 40 iSan Jot#. .. ' — _
M&rinCo.... 60 — |Sprn?V*ll»7 96% 97%
1 >« HOCK'.
Capftn] — 30 il'aclflc Meh^ 4V3.^ 60
Central. PS — Sao >'rancaco S>::42 63i/i
ObSULAil 5'Ji/i 52%|!iioCKtou..... - ■ * ty v *
two. uasliup. has-}, t>5 1
!N»UHA.V(Jlt "cTOnC!.
Flrenian'sKiIlBO — |Bnn'. 25 50
roMMKRCIAI. RANK <Tn !C I.
AmerBATU. — — London A. 134 126 .
Anplo-Cal.... — « 55 London&S?. — X7X4
Bank or Cal.. 225 233 Merch 1.x... 12 — .
CaiaiJiTCo — 110 .Nevada — —
MM Hi Hi MMII 1 — lbO Saiher Co. - '
. ""[VH1 BANK STO"Kt
Her SATXo. 1200 12t>0 iiravftLoaa. _ 10U
Hunb^UlDU — Security 200 a75
Mutual — 40 VmuuTriui.VaJ —
bJbSfcvL'moa — 4bU
' bTRKKT R*1J.RO»-,.- -r,- r -,.
California.... 105 H8 jOalcSMfcHar — 100
Geary-st...... — 80 Presidio 0 —
ki*riiei-»i i!! 42V*Sutter-4i..... — —
JOVt i.jLic STOCK*.
Atlantic n . 15 — jCSlantCon.... 16y 18%
Kastera D... 70 — iJadson D.... — —
Calliornia.... 65 75 IVigorlt. — 90c
•$.- II IT i KT,l,AJ»KOl7S STOCiC?.
AJmVth new. 95% 97 XatVlnCo!. _ _
BIkPCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic 15 20
CalCot&lUU— . — P&cauxPA L —
Kdlsou Ll?htll8%120 PacBoraxCot 9H 100
Gascon Assn. — — Roll Mill — —
tier Lead Co. hi) 100 . l'arf I'amlCO 6% 7%
HawC&SCo.. 14 14% 1'acTrHUsCo. — 2*
nDtchHl'Co 195' 8 19"/ Pac TdcT Co. 70 — -
MerKxAsan.100 ' 110 KunsetT<&l'. 41 -
U tine Ujila. 3 4%iUiiUfd UiJii. — 25
HALES— MOBNI.NQ SESSION.
Fom-d—
15 Hawaiian Commercial 13 75
10 do do 14 00
100 Hutchtnson 3 P Co. 19 62%
$10,000 Market-st Ky Con T.% Bond*.... 104 00
60 Oakland Gat 52 50
Streei
91000 a V Bonds 97 75
OCEAN STKAMKKS.
Date* of Departure From San FraneUco.
HTEAMKR | DKHTINATIO??. [ ' AAtI.9. j PIER.
City Sydney Panama. Sept 28, 12 ijil'Mi s
Coos Bay.. Newport depi-JS. SUM 1'ler 11
Weeot: tCel Kiver 9am Pl»r L ;
Corona San Diego..... spwSU.IIa" Pier I L
State or Cai Portland «ept.<0.10* m I'ier'it
Doric China & Japan >ept30, in P.M8S
hunol Grays Haroor. 8eptS0.12 it i Pier "J
Pomona..... ' iluruboldt 1 Sept 30, i'»u [ Pier 9
City Puebla Vic * Pgt Snd JOct 1, 9am Pier 9
Eureka..... Newport Oct 2, b*ii Pier 11
Arago. Coos Bay...... Oct 2.1Uam Pier li
Empire Ureion ports. . Oct 3. 6pm PlerlJ
Karallon.... Vaqnlna Bay. oct 4, 9am f ler J
banta Kosa. s»nl)!ew ()rt 4.11am PleriL
Columbia... Portland ...... Oct &.1()am Pier.'l
Trnclce«»~.... Coos Bar.:... Oct 4. 2pm | Pier H
STK4.JIKKS lO Al.iilVE.
MKAK8B | ' From | Dvk
City Puebla.... Victoria & Puget Sound I ..Sept 27
State ot .... Portland. »ept '11
Corona. san Diego. :-ei>l 28
Kin Ben! to. Tacoma .Sept 28
Snoot O rays Harbor Sepv 28
Pomona Hum bold: Bay. Sept 29
Crescent City. CrescentClty Sept 29
Kureka. Newport. Sept 30
Progressist Departure Bay Sept 30
Araso Coos Bay...... ;....; >ept 80
Aztec Honolulu Sept 30
Kewsoor Tlliamook oct 1
Mackinaw Tacoma ., Oct l
Truckeo Coos Bay..... Oct 1
San Bias Panama Oct 1
Columbia Portland Oct a
Santa Koaa..... San Diego .......... Oct 2
Empire. Portland ..-.: oct 2
Walla Walla. Victoria * Pustet Sound ..Oct is
China China and Japan Oct 2
Farallon Yaquina Bay ..Oct. 8
Weeott Eel River Oct 3
Coos Bay .Newport Oct 4
Arcata ......... Portland.. Oct 4
AllceBlanchard Oregon ports Oct 4
North Fore HumboIrttBav Oct 6
SU> , MOON A» TIDE.
r. J. Coast ajci> GEoDKTir; Subvkt Tidki
Brrt-iKTrN Pttbi-ishkd by Officiai, V
AUTHOKITYOF THE SCPBRINTK.NDMVT. )
SunU :v. September *J7.
Snn risen H.OS Moon rises. &44rv
bun sets 5.6b|Moon sets
September— 1896.'
I Time Feet TW Feet!™ Feet TIm * Feet
? aw i, w 1h w L~w
21 05 ».tt /.as ».« 1.6&I 6.:>) k.44 — u7
28 6.48 8.9 8.44 3.6 2.36 5.4 10.40 0.6
29 7.00 S.9 9.66 8.7 3.37 9.3 11.42 0.6
80 7.60 4.3 11.24 3.8 6.0H 6.0
L W II W L W h"\V
1 0.42 0.5 8.30 4.7 12.48 3.5 6.40 5.2
2 1.38 0.4 >«.59 5.0 1.66 3.0 7.55 6.3
3 2.38 0.4 9.27} 6.2 2.63 2.4 9.00 5.6
Notk-Id the aoo™ exposition of the tides the
•arly mornlug tides ar» given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as io time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column *tves the last tide of the day except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additioua to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtracters
from the deDth given by the char: a.
UTDBOG1.AFH1O BULLETIN.
Branch Hydbogbaphic OfTICK. XT. 8. X., V
AlEBCHANTS' EXCHAXGIC . V
Bait Francisco, Seotember 26. 1898.' )
The time ball on TelegraDh Hill was dropt>e1
exactly ac noon to-day— L e.. at noon of the 120th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m.. Greenwich time. .
' J. T. McMillan,
Assistant, In c liars
SHIPPlXi 1>'1'£LUUKNCK.
Arrived.
8ATDRDAY, September 23.
Stmr Del Norte. Stockfleth, Ob hours from Orarg
Harbor; pass and lumber, to E K Wood Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 74 hours from New
port; ptfls and mdw, to Goodall, Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr North Fork, llansen. 26 hours from Eu
relta; pass and mdse, to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Alcnrraz, Waivijj. 45 hours from Coos
Bav; pass and mdse. to J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. 24 hours lroni Hearns
Landing: l-.'.tUU posts, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.
SATURDAY, September 26.
Ptmr Pomona, Doran. .Eureka; Goodau. Periclni
& Co. : ■ .
Baric Mohican, Saunders. Honolulu: Welch <&
Co. ' . . -.:■•.■--•: •.• , , . d ,;
Schr Premier. Warner, Karluk; Alaska Imp
Co.
Schr J M Colman. Troanor, Sit lea: Hawaiian
Commercial Co. ; .
. Sailed.
. 8AT0RDAY. September 26.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
Stmr Starbuck, Blackinan, Panama.
stmr Umatlllu, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send., •
Hmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Schr La Gironde, Smith, Tacoma.
schr Amethyst, Bolland, Waldport.
Schr Vesta, Lunvaldt, Tacoma.
Telegraphic.
POIST LOBOS, Sent. 26—10 p. m.— Weather
foggy; wind calm. .-„'-.-. ,-' '
~ Charters.
Th« bark* Alden Bpsse and W H Dlmond load
rad«e for Honolulu : Br ship Brynnilda, whea: at
Portland (or .Europe. 28s.
.Spoken.
July 2'2-Lat 57 S. Ions 71 W. Ger ship Kepler,
from Santo*, for Pnget Sound.
July 27— Lat62 k, loae Si W, Br ship Howth,
from Tacoma. for Liverpool.
Domestic Ports. , -r/-' ; '
ASTORIA— Palled Sept 'J6— Br stmr Hupeh; Fr
bark DticrescMii, for Queensto-.vn.
TACOMA— -ailed Sept 26— Ship Daahing Wave,
for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed Sept 26— Star Mackinaw,
hence Sept 23, for Tacoma. ;
PORT GAMBLE-Sailed Sept 26— Schr John D
Tallant, tor Honolulu: schr Anna, for San Fran
cisco. - .
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 26—^chr HC Wright,
from Coos Bay: stmr Farallon, hence Sept 25.
FoKT H OSS- Arrived Sept 26-Schr Etta B,
hence Sept 23.
Sailed sept 26— Sc!ir Ktta B, for San Francisco.
GREENWOOD- Arrived Sept iiG—sim.- Whites
boro. hence Sept 25.
COOS BAY— Arrived Sept 25— Schr Orient, hce
Sept 12.
USA L— Sailed Sept 25— Schr Albion, for San
Francisco.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 26— Jap slmr Kcnoura
Maru. from Yokohama.
Importations.
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Norte— 310 M ft
lumber, »9 bdls hIiooks, 1 cylinder. 1 pkg m<lse.
ARCATA— Per Nor:h Fork— 1 emptv barrel, 10
bdla sacks, H kIcs eluestock, 1 coop chickens, .1 fish
can, 3 oil cans, 44 M ft lumDer. 2160 M shingles,
502 M shakes, 1030 posts.
COOS BAY— Par Alcatraz-155 tons coal, 194,
5b2 ft InmDer.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay~lS sks dry apricots,
5 sks popcorn. 8 sks walnuts.'
East San Pedro— 22 sks potatoes.
Hueneme— ski lima beans. ■
Kan Pedro— cs glassware, 1 bx tools, 2 bxs
household goods. . •-
Ventura— 3 bdls dry pelts. 5 cs boots an! shoes,
140 bxs lemons. 547 ska lima beans, 1 sk walnuts,
I saddle, 2 cs household goods, 1-7 sks dry apri
cots.
Carplnteria— 393 sks lima Deans, 2 sks crawfish.
Santa Barbara— 2 sks almonds, 4 bbls mineral
water, 9 bxs lemon 4, 8 sks crawfish.
Uavlo'ti— 39 sks crawfish, 11 bdls dry fish.
Port Har:ord— 9 bxs nan, 1 bat dry hides, 27 cs
empty bottles, t) bxs butter, is bides. 4 cs eggs, 1 cs
cheese, 2 ca honey, 2 bbls cheese. 1 bx wax. 1159
sks barley, 100 sks chevalier barley, 417 sks beans
85 ska mustard.
Cayucos— 490 sks fl.ixseei. 775 sks barlev. 400
sks chevalier barley. 3 bxs butter, 1 tub butter, 3
cs eggs, 21 dressed calves.
San -lmeon— 4 bxs butter. 1 cs etrgs, 1 bdl hides,
5 bxs harness. 3 trunks. 3 bxs mds-. • " • .
Monterey— 35 bdls pelts 106 odis hides, 34 obis
tallow, 1 bx beeswax, a bxs seed.
Consignee*. ,..':,;*';i>
Per North Fork— A Ba>nducci: Chas Bach: Cal
Glue Works : D E Allison &, Co ; Standard Oil Co :
J C Babcock: Chas Nelson.
PerAlcatraz — E B Dean & Co: Simpson Lum
ber Co; J D Spreckeis & Bros Co.
Per Del Norte— K Wood Lumber Co; Wesion
Basket and Alfj Co; Amer Carb Acid Gas Co ; R
Emerson.
Per Coos Bay— W C Price A Co: Dalton Bros: G
II K Jackson; Chiuda <& Batts: C C Pennell Co'
Porter Bros <fc Co; Hills Bros: Kowalsky & Co; H
J Tvndall; Porter, Slessllnjer «fc Co, H hutard : C
\V Beit: Wood. Curtis <fc Co; 1-Sc.icena.tco; JA
Clark: J K Arinsby «fc Co: American Union Fish
Co: Hoffman, Fleishman & Co; Labor Exchange;
A B lod'l; H Clifton: J Ivancovich <fcCo: Inguglia
<t Co: APaladlnl: M T Freltas & Co: 1' K Halght:
C £ Whitney & Co: Haas Bros: De Kernardi & Co:
Dodge, Sweeney * Co; U CamlUoni A Co; Marshall
A Reitners; I Strauss; Benin & Lepori; Pacific
l'oast Fish Co: Cerechini <£ Co: sacr«mento Fish
Co: Jonas Erlanger A Co: Slnshelmer Bros: West
hoff Jc Co; Kissinger A Co: E J Bowen A Co; F Url
A Co: H timer. Bredhoff A Schulz: M F Taylor; L
P Buitel : Standard Oil Co : J p Thomas: H H bat
tler A Co: Hills Bros: Bros & Co; L Gendotti
A Co: Wheaton, Brbon &Co; B Sumner & Co:
Marshall, Teggart & Co: southern Pacific Milling
Co; L D Stone & Co; Dairymen's Union; W Ber
nard as A Co. .
fbr Jjtitr. <filr>r>!no inieUinrnrr >■>» Twltth Pna*
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, jL* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, fl by
AUSTRALIA. VS.S, AUSTRALIA.
S. S. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU an!
AUCKLAND for SYD.XEY. Thursday, October
6. at V p. m. &&FSS.
a s. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. October ao, a: 10 A.M. Special party races.
LJnetoCOOLGARDIK, Auau, andCAPfiTOWNl
South Africa. ™
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Agents,
lit Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market su, San Francisco.
riCIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPASI
STEAMERS WILL BAIL FROM /»■
lirnadway wharf, San Francisco, aaSBoaK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel. Juneau, Kll.
lisnoo aud Sltlca (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, • Everett, Anacorles and
»w W.-atcom (Bellinuham Bay. Wash.), 9 A. m.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, 111, 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
R., at Tacoma with R. P. R. R., at Seattle with G.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
bold t Bay) «tr. Pomona 2 p. it., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18, 23, 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
: For 8«nia Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, &an Pedro, East Sari
rodro (Los Angeles) and .Newport, at 9 a. it
, Sept. 4, 8. la, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ . . ■ ■ -
For san Dieco. stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Oblspo). >anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reiws, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M. Sept. 2, a, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, SO and every
fourth day thereafter.
For bnsetiada, Han Joiedel Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, I New Montgomery
Street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*,
10 Market St.. San Francisco,
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTH.AN ID
From Bpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. it
"C 1 A T?T?/Sia First-class \ Including
£ -rV-lVJK\»6 Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF BAILINGS:
Columbia.'..... .......... Sept. 16, 25. Oct. 6, 16
State of California. ...bept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applca-
llou to - y
F. F. CONNOR. Gene Agent, ,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., superintendents
C0MPAG5IE GENERAL TRMSATLASTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
/-COMPANY'S PIER(NEW»,42 NORTH A*&.
\J Kiver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by wtBS
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat New York to Alexandria, Egypt,- via Paris,
lirsl-cli'ss $16.); second-class. $116. .
LA BRKTAGNE...... Oct 8, 7 a. it
LA CHAMPAGNE.. Oct. 10. 3 a if.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 17. 6 a. *.
LA BOCRUOONE Oct. 21, 1 r x.
LA GASCOGNB...... Oct. 3 1, 6 a. it
£3" For further particular* apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
- No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. P. FUGAZI * CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR LDfE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETVIKt . ■ .
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAlMNOr KV'EKl'. "^ViiliK.
riABIN. $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jitra^
\J in* to steamer aud accommodation* MW9|
selected: second cabin, $.. >uandS4. . 0: Majestic
and Teutonic. '. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire*
land, Scotland, Sweden," Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates." Tickets,
sailing dates i and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVERT, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tno i
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. W. FLETCHER, •
. . General A gent fof Pacific Ooait.-
~~ STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washlnsrton St«
At li F.'SI. Daily. i-'relRlii. received up
to »:33 f». &.. "
JO" Accommodauona- Reserved by Telephone.
'i he only line matin* through rates on Valley
Road freight.
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker. . J. D. Peters, .
Mary Uarratt, City of Stockton.'
Telephone .Main 805. Cat.' Nav. and lmnt. Co
FOR SAX JOSE, LOSGATOS & SAUTA CRUZ
STKAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1' DAILT
O at 10 a.m. (Sundays ezoepted) ; Alvlso daily at
6 p. H. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and Alvlso,
60c; to San Jose,. 75c Clay St., Pier 1. 20 W.
, buuca Clara at., san Jose.
. OCEAN_ TRAVEL
ROYAL MAIL STEAajACKET^oipm
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPISWALI, /*««.
O fortnightly for the West Indies and •#5Sb9
' Southampton, calling en route at C^rbourzlw
France, and Plymouth to4and'pass'erigers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with th»
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., lamed for freight and treas>
nro to direct ports in England and Germany.
! Through tickets' from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $105: third
class, $97 50. For further particulars apnly to '
' PARKOTT & CO., Ageni
ant: <-»l'frn-nia«t.
SA\ FRAXCISCO TO VALLEJO
AND MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD.
STKAHEB "MONTI CELLO."
Mlssion-stree Pier 2. Telephone -'til Black.
Leaves t*an Francisco Dally... 10:30 a. m.
Leaves Vallejo Dally.. .*"» .' 4:00 p. m.
Sundays included.
Gives four hours at Navy Yard.
HATCH BRO-<.
RAH.KOAP TTtAVBM -
SOIXIIIOKX i'AVXVlC COJ«I»AKfY.
(i-Aciiic HXIOJUL) :
Train* leave iiml nro «l:it» to arrive mI
. NAN' I'UANCIMt'O. .^
LEAVE — ' FnOM SEPTEMIi«B 24, 1S06. — akrivk
•6:OOa Nilca, San Joss anil Way Stations... J 8:43a
7:00a Atlautlc F.xpress, Ogdcn and 1'ast.. " S:45p
7:00a Ueuicii. VacaTiUe, HucEcy. Sacra-
mcuto, Orovillo and Redding via '
. IhiTla . 6i45p
7:00a Martinez, San Ramon, IN'cpa, Calis- j
toga and Santa Rosa."... I..... tilUr
. >:30a iles, Bau Jose, Stockton, lone,
■ r." Sacramento,- MnrjBTlllo and lteil y.. < ~t"«""
Bluff.. ...V?... .:.....•..;;.'.. ...r.. L -«»i8p
»S:30a Peters ami Milton *7:13p
•:OOa JN'ew Orleans J^xt>ics3,l<'jresiio,Bakcr3-
"; • • jiL'ld, Santa Barbara»IjOI Angeles,
iteming, £1 Vaao, New Orleans cad
jGast '.........;;....■ 4U4r»r
9:00a Martinez and Stockton ' 11:13a
O:OOa Vallejo «:13p
l:OOp Kilos, San Joso and LIvennoro..V..; N:43a
•l:OOp Sacramento Itivcr Hte»ni<!r» :00p
fl:30p Port Costa and Way Stations t7 :43p
4:00i> Martinez, San Itatnon, Vallejo.
Napa, Calistus*, LI Veranu and
Snuta Itosa »il.1 A
4:eDpBonicia, Vacavillo, Esparto, Wood-
» land, Knight* Landing. . Mar;s-
villa, Orovillo and Soerauieuto.... 10:43a
4:30rKilcs, San Jose, LlTermore and ! ' ■
■•« Stockton .....' 7:13?
4;30p Merced, Bcrcnda, liiymond (for
Yoscmitc) and SCre3no, via NUes. . 11:4-3a
. 0:*»p Los Angeles Expreu.i Fresno, Santa
. Barbara and Los Ausctcs IOiISa
5:»op S:>nf:v 'Fo'ltolitc," Atlantic Express
- * .;-. . ,. for Mi>jivi> uml East.. 10:13a
B:00p Vallejo 11:43a
6:OOi- KnropOfttl Mail, Ogilen anil East. . . . 0:43 a
«:OOi'Hnywiu-dn,Xilc3 and San Jose 7:13 a
17toup Vallejo t7:43p
7:00p Orccon lixrrww, Sacramento, Marjs-
v . villc, Itedding. Portland, l'uget
Bound niid Kant 11:13a
S A NTA <!ltH/ DIVIMON (.Narrow <Janc;e).
~J7s45a Sant-v Cruz Ei-arsicn, tr.inta Cniz
■' andPrfcdpil Way Stations ..-."..-. 18:*5p .
S> I 3a N ««:ar!t,Ceiitcrvi I lo.iSun.lOBa, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Sauta Cruz and Way
8tallons :...'... '. : ..;... . 5t5«p
♦ail5p Newark, Cenlervillr, San Jose, New i
Aluiaden, Felton, Boulder Creek.
■ ■ ■ Banta Cruz and Priuolpal Way
Btitiona.......... .......... ........il«20A
4:13p Nowark. San .Iowa and \m Cains 0i30a
t.'OASI ; > 1 VISION (Tltinl it I'onnsriiil sin.)
*6:43a ciau Joso mid Way Stations (New
Alraaden Wednesdays only) 9t47A
}7:3*a Sunday . Excursion for San Jose,
•Mtnta Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
rrincipal Way Stations . . ,' J8 «35p
SiISa Han .lose, Trea Pkios,' Hanta Cnit,
Pacilic Grove. Paso Hoblcs, .San
J .ilia (MjIspo. Cuadalupo, Surf and
Princiiial W:iv Stations .......... 7:03p
t»:47\Palo Altoas?d Way Stations tl:8Op
14H4OA -San Josoand Wr.y Stalions S:U0p
I 1:30a Palo Alto ami Way Statious 3:U0p
*2:30i-Snn Hateo. Mcnlo Pa»k, Ban Jose,
Gilroy, Tres I'iuos, Santa Cm*,
... . . |3alinas,Montorey iwd PacificGiove •ro:4*A
•3:S»r San Jose, Pacific Grove cud Way
Stations *l:30p
••l:30pSl».n Jose anil Way Statio:is......... »S:OOa
Q:30p San .lose and Principal Way Stations *8:4Sa
U:3Op8an Josannd Way Stations -0::t3A
ill : t-~, i» Ban .losoaml WavStotimis i7:43p
' SAN l.bANuKO AM» HAK>VAm» MM AlZ
<*0:0Oa "I '. - ( 7:I5a
8:0;>a ' \ tV: J3A
iIooa Melr»se,Sew;>arrPark, | \°^\l^
'"•Sop Fitchbii^SanLeajinro Viltlp
%$& «* V£ r
2 :O0p -. ' 9-« p
O:OOp » Runs throujb to NDes. '. 10:30p
ftll:13P^ < From NUes. { ftl2:00P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SiS FRiSCISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)— -
*7:15 , 9:10 11:00a.M. tl=Of ' '2:30 J3:C8
•4:00 . J tS:03 *6:00p.m.
From OlSliRD— Foot or Broadway.-- "6:00 8:06
10:00a.m. J12:C0 »l:00 $3:90 »3:00 Xi:ii
«5:03p.m. ■■■■■.
A for Morning. V for Afternoon
• Sundays execpted. t Saturdays only.
t Snndiy* only.
♦+ MftrtfVv. Thrvla "T..1 ■:-•"- '-. «'aht« only.
SM FRIftCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
. Ban Francisco to San Rafael.
■ '
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. jf.- 12:3V
3: % DA 10 ' 6:30 p. **- Thursdays-Extra trio
at 11:80 p. if. : Saturdays— Extra trios at 1:30
and 11:80 p. it
8UKDAYS-7:S0, 9:80, 11:00 a.*.; 1:3ft 3:3ft
6:00. 6:20 p.m. ,
San Kafael to «««»n Krnncl^co. /".'•:>/
WEEK CAYS-6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. *«
12:45 3:40. 5:10 P. sc
at 1:55 p. it and 6:35 P. it /^ «»i»»
SXJ^5«' 5 L S S; 7s38t 9:3{>> 11:1 ° ■*• 1:40,3:4*
Between San Francisco and Schnetzeu Park saraa
schedule as above.
6an Franclaca j^^^* Ban Francisco.
7:30 am 7:30 AM! Novato, 10:40 AM | 8:40 AW
3:30pu,9:aO aic Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 a*
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pic | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
_'• Fulton, ~*
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AX
Healdsburg, - • ■•■ ; \
(ieyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 6:15 ph
: • Vieta,
7:30am Honland & 10:10
3:8OPm 7:30 AM tJkiah. 7:30 PM 6:1&ph"
7:30 am 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerne 7:30 pm
3:30 pm 6:15 PM
7 :30 am 7 :30 All Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
t i and • - -- = '■ .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am| RebaatoDoL 1 10:40 AM : 10:10 AM
3:30 5:00 bcb * at °P <>L j . 05 pm| 6:15ph
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs;, at Geyserville for Stages Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and Uilceport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Spring*; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvilie, BoonevillB,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal, WTllets, Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka. ,
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
. On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 850 Market St., Chronicle bnUdlns.
H. C WHITING, H. X. RYAN,
- Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
RAILROAD Jlliliiiiil!^*
Trains leave and arrlvs >''£^f| fesJ
Sim FE EXPRESS. WMmm
To Chicago via A. & r.^gj>ga#§gt
I>ii-fct Line WSSi^gSyr^Tg^g^
Leaves every day at 0 p. m., carrying 1-nlirr
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern fcS-
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with cImdIIbm
and bedding and In chareeof a ponw. r?n da»?
Personaly conducted Boston Excnrsiona via
Kansaa Ci-.y, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. • wn ««
The best rtilway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: in:en?8tlnu scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.^^
■-i San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1631. Oakland. 1118 Broadway. :;,^:
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sansalito Ferry ).
From San Francisco, Commencing Sepu 13, 189 i
WEEKDAYS
For Mill Valley and San ltaiael— *7:25, *9:15.
- 11:00 a. M.; »1:45. 3:45, »5:15. :30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Kafasl on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays as 11 -so p. m.
.-. .,-.: . .-.» .'-. SUNDAYS. .■ .
Bor Mill Valley and San Bafae!— *8:00, "lO^
•11:30 >. M. *l;;-0, 3:00, *4:80, 6:15*. M.
Trains marked * run to »an Uuentln.
THROUGH TRAINS. ' ' '
R For Point Reyes p and way stations— 7:25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. x. aatu»-
days.
j' > or Cazxdero and way stations— 7:25 a. x. week-
days; 1:45 p. m. Sftiurdayp^
2728
DASTARDLY WORK
OF A POISONER
Valuable Dogs Done Away
With in the Mission
District.
OWNERS UP IN" ARMS.
An Organization of Sportsmen
Formed to Punish the
Miscreant
WILL BE GIVEN SHORT SHRIFT
. Donald Ross Loses His Valuable
Black Pointer Bruce — Other
Canines Killed.
A fiend In human form has, within the
past week, poisoned at least ten valuable
bunting dogs in the Mission, and so in-
censed are the owners of the dead ani
mals that they have organized for pro
tection and revenge, and should tbe perpe
trator of the outrages be caught a lynch
inc bee, or at the very least a tar-and
featber soiree, will be the result rather
. than a call on the police.
Tbe fiend has invariably done his work
in the night, when the canines were wan
dering about back yards and ready to de-
vour meat thrown over fences, and for
that reason has never been seen distinctly,
but tbe men who have lost tbeir favorite
' dogs through his dastardly acts have a
• shrewd suspicion as to his identity, and
. - will go hard with him if the case is
proven to their satisfaction.
The loss of their trained and favorite
hunting dogs has fallen particularly hard
' on the sportsmen just now, as the quail
- and duck season opens soon, and there is
no time left to train new four-footed
• servants.
One of the first to suffer tbe loss of his ;
dog was Enos I. Flieger, secretary of the I
Retail Grocers' Association, who lives at
3147 Sixteenth street. His setter was
found dead in tbe yard one morning a
few days ago; showing all the evidences
of poisoning.
Then two handsome pointers belonging
to Duncan McKay, who lives in the same
• neighborhood, died in agony after linger
ing a full day with the poison in their
veins, and the owners of hunting dogs in
'• the Mission began to lock up their pets at
; .night.
' In spite of their efforts the fiend contin
ued his work, and Henry Pein saw his
four tine retrievers die almost simultane
. ously, the pcison being administered dur
• ing the hours of darkness, . wnen the
scoundrel could prowl unperceived.
Angus McLeod's pointer next went to
join the other dead dogs in the canine
happy hunting-grounds, and then the
thorougnly exasperated sportsmen deter
• mined to find the miscreant if money and
time could do the work. They held a
meeting and talked the matter over, ex
changing ideas and suspicions until they
had simmered the number of men who
would be capable of such fiendish deeds
• down to one, and to him they are now
devoting their attention. Should he be
proven guilty by tiie detective who is now
on the trait he will have occasion to re
. .member their vengeance for the rest of his
• • life.
. The latest and most lamentable loss
came yesterday when Donald Ross of the
well-known firm of Ross & Hewlett and a
thorough sportsman, witnessed the death
struggle of Bruce, his magnificent black
pointer, a descendant of famous Old BlacK
Joe, the father of the black pointer stock
■ on this coast and one of the best-known
dogs in California.
... Bruce suffered twenty-four hours after
taking the deadly poison into his system
and died yesterday morning just as the
sun was rising over the hills where be
■ loved to roam in search of the gamy quail.
Mr. Ross could not Keep back the tears
.when he spoke of his loss yesterday, but
deep-seated anger soon dried them up and
• the glitter in his eye boded no good to the
poison fiend should he come within his
• grasp.
"Two hundred dollars would not have
• bought Bruce from me," he said, "and I
shall spend five times that sum if neces
sary to find the villain who fed him the
poison that took his life.
"The low cur who would take a dog's life
• In that manner, particularly a sports
man's dog to whom his owner has be
• come attached, would pollute a prison
cell and the petty thieves and vagrants
with whom he would be confined.
"He should be branded on the forehead
" " as a warning to others of his ilk. We will
. • not trouble the police to punish him
• should he be caught."
CORDELIA CLUB WINS,
The Supreme Court Grants a
. New Trial Against Sports
men.
Owners or Lessees of Game Preserves
Can Invoke the Law Against
Trespassers-
The Supreme Court has ordered a new
trial in the case of Charles W. Kellogg, as
trustee of the Cordelia Shooting Club,
against William King and about forty
others. The action was for an injunction
compelling the defendants to refrain
from shooting game upon the club's
leased Innd in Solano County. The pre
serve has been fenced and provided with
arks and other structures usual in game
preserves at some expense to the club.
The grounds consist of unreclaimed
swamps and tule marshes and are a fav
orite resort for wild fowl of various sorts.
About 500 notices are posted up in vari
oua jiartn of the preserve warning tres
passers they will be prosecuted.
The defendants have been in the habit
of disregarding boundaries and notices,
buntin • on the club's ground as though it
were public property. The matter being
brought up before the Superior Court the
club was denied any relief.
In yestrday's decision the Supreme
Court finds the judgment of the lower
tribunal to be unsupported by the find
ings. The game, though wild, is held to
be under the dominion of toe club when
found upon the premises which the club
leases, and hence to trap, hunt or shoot it
upon those premises is a trespass against
which a legal remedy may be sought and
should be accorded.
— — «
Professor Dorney After the Taylor.
The old Taylor mine, Grass Valley, owned
by W. D. and E. W. Chapman, and newly
christened the Idlewild, hns lately been ex
amined by Professor Dorsey of South Africa for
English purchasers, and It is said tnrttbey
will take it. The price asked is $050,000.
there is a forty-stamp mill on the property,
and it is proposed to increase it to eighty.
Seorge D. Roberts has been instrumental in
the negotiations.
cl^^lEIC LET AUTUMN SWAY HER MAGIC WAND.. JL j QK §A 1 ' " I \fe. /j~f~~ HA "^"11 " (? ;
Jl^if'£^t-^^^^^^ TO OUR FRIENDS— For weeks have these harbingers of fall been Ml \fj \)\wA*^t) l '{L I js 2^ A ' * Ul4iUlll 4&'*ff £$ f*f? \^^p&
eL^- ■'•■^7^Z^P^^^/A^^C/y^^ tumbling into our great receiving- rooms. Case after case of the Iff 1 I \\{ I. VrfS.Br/ I _V^V^> /^ j£#ii y\f/
w / ■ - -.1 prettiest fall wearables have received their price marks— price marks (v '/vj \\*\JJ^J§ri<j$,2 I A /^?T /Vl t ' >/\ /
?$" / £*^J/mM%2w/z2?77M that are a revelation— price marks In touch with ihe times; taste xj/vy • VA ja^^ Wa^^^^i iteJ&dc*^ fe ■ Af^S
M:M%^r^<f^M%=^&^ everywhere visible. New beauty in every fold. In all an Exposition \ ihl'U T^T^\««^sJ Rl IW « fe^ffl C^ SI BS 1^ ¥if 'Yitf/^ /I P //fyi^T * •
\\^ <fc U^^*«J^lft W^ - of Fail Loveliness will be opened to-morrow that will do honor to \V ] \\ V'vjf^j^VvJl j W*L \ • M^V'Ci^Pi^*^^/ ®IN?,J \/Yr\
C^/.^iG9&^M^Ij^V«f our great city, that will do justice to our patrons, and in a way 0 ' \ V/^^§^^Gv| I^lfYSrH I / -^^"^^^Jr^C^ %/J \
l^W/Jf^^Wn^^^T- i reciprocate for their favors and attentions of the past seasons. n, j,.J , , 'j^MW foAl^vk W «Js31
€^0SM^ HALE BROS K ""™*tbd, -Ifet^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^t
f^^J Cloak Exhibit. NOTION EXHIBIT. '• S??^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ -i^^^^^ =^ u^\\
Vfjy>>^ Show Begins Monday, 8 HAT TRIMMINGS. i®®®®(sx§)®®®®®<s^^
\ Jif * * The daintiest of Parisian. European and Amer- F\ -. # - M - -i- J -, C .-»•-* - 1 *-. 1 r\— .^. Z^^^x^-1^. Ctrl-iS t^S4- I T IVI r\ I"" r~* W / C? A P^ /? . \ ftSO/
Jlt*^^ LADIES' BOFCrE JACK- !c.n makings here on exhibit. Wonderful assort. f UOITieStlC J^DeCialS. DfCSS UOOClS CXlllDlt. UNUhl<WbAl<. . /WA-VW^V
/&~r^^ FTs in black and navy©" 00 nie-its of swell hat trimmings, tecond counter to ■ - n -^~^
f^ biue'effects. sizes 34 10 44. right of east aisle. Come early to see complete PILLOWCASES —45x38 Inches, fine QC ALL FALL NOVHLT1ES SHOWN. ([/' \~r~i
(V Fall opening price Each assortments. We quote: muslin, 12%c kind. Fall opening t7 . DDIfPC CftD CAI I nDRMINfi V\
\>^^__^—^^ . Bf BLACK OSTK1CH. TIPS, 3-lnch bunch. ©1 .75 price 7... .. . Each NEW , BOTjri.E SUITINGS, a strictly r*KlV-C3 rUK rALL OFttNIINU. V-^^\V
lo/"/lTinilf? > A Souvenir to Every Lady for ; 39cto«Jrl _ all-wool fancy novelty, comes in navy, N»>.
W^/IUNtKVa ' Thi . W./lr Each NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS, 3 CQ0 brown, olive, reseda, sapphire, gar- LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON VFST8 il
•-" - Z!±n This Week. p ,v™ nv whfJTFp, „„„,„», o/^p yards long, white or ecru. JJOc grade. 0^ net, * olden brown, eic, covered with Of|C H N L & aJd a N a & IS -^T
T^J LADIES' BLACK CONEY CAPES, P^^.°!:.^.™."!Si«?60?2S 89°. ' * M Opeai °* *«»±iZl Pair a b^moh-Ir -t Ilk. design; Win. *L EAC S^Ci}
/-sifwy hair up. exhib tion offerings Kach NOTTINGHAM LACE CURTAINS. 314 (Thl .50 „ t.?» „ .f^ .f' 1^?^^^^!^^ »nd front, while and ecru, drawers to «JU /<rv<s\\.vV X J/
fr-^^/^^ BOineueslOttt »6.OO yardMone, 60 Inches wide. Fall liptn- SB I— CAMEI.'S-HAIK H VIOT SUITINGS. match. Fall opening nnce Garment AX\P XV '1*S
\ v s > : 24 inches long »8.BO FEATHER . SHELL WINGS, very new CAC Ing price.. .Pair eight staple colors of a rich creppyef- OCO ftV*~~~ZZr
| f^ ; 27 inches long. 89.OO shB<1In of green and black, or OU 61 JI^l" "" r feet, comes 38 Inches wide. Fall AO LADIES' NOX-SHRINKABLE WOOL XI f^ /^S
1 BOfSKC^ 30 inches long..... * 1 0. 5O orange and black. Pair IRISH POINT CURTAINS, 3% yards O.95 opening price Yard VESTS, H. N. L. S. and H. N. S. 8., • Iff ~4f[\
}\ ladiks' FIGURED S1O- JKT AIGRETTES, »liThTd «. for rnc long by 60 inches wide. Fall opening «£Z GERMAN MOHAIR NOVELTY, a J-rsey ribbed and shaped, heavy qual- XZ 3 * <X«J|
! *^>^ ) HAIR PKIRT&, 6 yards JET AIGKETTtS, all shades, for 7h P rlce Pair swell boucle suiting. 38 inches « ide, lty. crochet necK and front, natural ffrc v*
<f*Jp& wide, all tboroulhlyiinedCC.OO :::::::::::-.:::::-.v^:::v.:::::-.:::::-. 42. TAPESTRY PORTIE-SiiTs yards lon K ©Q.OO • g Te f l ai^L^ro a^l h l lr mi°I^ 75° F'aifopenlng^rice' 1^ 6 ™ " i?, -rJ
• '/r^^Sk^V and velvet bound, worth JJptJ by 50 Inches wide, new effi-cts frlnee t&O—— over new shaded grounds, a fall ere- iu jau openmg price i^acn ., %^Wf'
■ (T--^ l^ST^SSaSt ■ EMhFE S^h,te IG to R p1^m S ; B & 50 w * WSC^n. •^ H^wE^^ov^f«4 LADIES' all-wool VeTts. high nee, /^m>7
RV^—STX A^exp^tlonto^eJfi; green to,., ail __ ..'. Each CHENILLE PORTIERES. 8% yard. * from 40 to 45 inches wTde. designs 5S^"X^ l t *^S?^iS C SS5?.Sl "°° " ■ «F jS--S^^
(v£AMFS front P co 9 llar nlaid wi.h 7 .5O BLACK AND BROWN COCK'S- 15° long by 52 li.Che. wide: we show $&» and colonn.-.s i hat will be popular for »"l .OO g^rwSl f2u price * GwrnlTt K*^T /ol
V 7 " 1 '^j j velvet, hall sllk.ined. sizes <^ 7-50 FEATHER AIGRETTEH, all 10 seven shades of solid colors. Fall ®O the coming season, tall opening «fl> 1— - « iv «rwmic *auj>pen ing price.... uarmeni W l /^V -!- XOfI
__ JS^.4 32 to 40, a great value at «H> » Each opening price Pair price Yard LADIES' SAXONY WoOL KNIT UN- J I
S^<7\Ay *' 910. Fall opemmt price.. Each plavvkifttks n7hT. n d d»rb «i rro BLACK NOVELTY SUITING DERVKST, Jersey ribbed and I
{r<7 LADIES' BEAVER CAPES. H ANtnf CDrHICCC or. a ven-^desirable heavy cradl" 7 -a soft downy surface sprinkled over shaped. H. N. L. S., silk front. , — TCLt*/
V^_ ■ In black and navy Hue, M ANUKhKCll lCrb. FaVl opening prfc™ Yard with uncut loops of bright glossr /»9|0 crochet neck. pink, blue, black, gray <£-| .25 J£ >«vJ^7
Y ,7-., , o. A the collar and front edged _ j ail opening price.. Yarn worsted, alllar.e figured designs, 38- "—2 or white, drawers to match. iallttM ff -.C Wi* V^«
'W nOLLo- I with < oney braid, jet all WHITE, WITH FANCY : DRAWN EC HESUI ED Br D.-FREADS, the kind for Inch. Opening price Yard opening price Garment / % VHV V 'V - '"X < "^
V^ ~ Z—^~C / around the bottom, VI4C^C.OO WORK CORNERS, in 3 styles, for. .. O full sized beds, Marseilles patterns, GPO A FRENCH NOVELTY BLACK BOU- (A)*— -""""""^
inches long, a pretty little tj)*-' Each none belter lor $1 «6. Fall opening OO CLE SUITING. 46 Inches wide. This LADIES' ALL-WOOL VESTS, made of \f^ £3fK
C^yjO^ aflair and will besoldat... bach „ VTC .a runnnTnii'itT «i« me Price Each bids fair to become the season's na< st <$> "I .00 fine lamb's wool, silk bound. in while (H»l .50 V*^ /\^—"TgS
/r^a LA Se E^ l 2^ AI TOSl^ ™"™™^'^^"^ E^Jh Th THE "alITe" olove. pTcrf.. fab .^\...V u^.^...?.r: n^Y^ Sp^nC P v^ a !!?f!..!?..^^.. F^i^^^^ W^
yW---:^ headiFallODeninK price. Each. "•••• b&cu The greatest dollar glove in a F. Embroidered r^«r,-«..^ — ".„„„.,£, Vi •
— — -T55. rnnTpi-^ 0 e « l^, g J"'' C *° SWISS AND EMBROIDERY 8CAL- ncc back, all shades, four large buttons, every pair DRESDEN RIBBONS. LADIES' WOOL AND LISLK VESTS, =■-.- -Jm
\ m r\-\i, e^\ CH « • r r ■ ytaq ,1 m «™ LOPED, blocked and lace edges. A t-*J fitted and guaranteed, cleaned and mended free. Opening week we will sell PRINTED WARP H. N. L. >., Richelieu ribbed, straight © 1 .25 /£ " it
? CLOAKS^ \ %£^.™Z£rtn££»YM **^"— _•••:••;•;•-;••;:• —. . Kach -, F ' lce> , <^^ O J^f r ; DKKH^. KN^ lBBO^ r S 'AY*A nc^^ t 15ca Y^ op^LiK^ 11^ gray> biact iall^ia^ H PANS ft
'~"J^J t°urJs tt at*":. liU . 8 ! Z ! 9 . m . inl . X E^ch . -A- SOUVENIR THIS week to ALL lady O-AI-iI-iEJK/S. .^^»»...... i — J_
/// v -* J^ai' We re 8Ole a?ents of (he celebrated DUCK " \Kl\1i\i\T NnvpHlPC V^S /^^\ V»w
'm . . BRAND MACKINTOSHES, a most complete /j fe> N^ Dd^ddr J^UVclLlcS*. \ /yy^Nw.
' ' v^ ■ - ' line of ladles' and children's rainy weather pro- rr /7 >^. s^^tsZ \^ -■■•", — — . VJ=p/ v«J¥ . i
/^SKIRTS \ actors. // s*-- rY^-^^aa^-^r^W iBCXi^N -^^S^&gZ^Z^^vi- SHOPPING BAGS, the tan-woven kind, VI
JC_^^_ v I 4/ XfN^vV^C^' 5^^^ J^V/^^0> ?> V:^x^ N^ — s ** ir fl' hold a pile of bundles, 9xl3 inches 1QC
7 /ir-J^TX'J Moiu Pall M<ar!^«/P»5ir l>( > * e -^ L when empty. Fall opening special 1 0 j? . £/.
r2^=s^^ New Fall Neckwear. n THF OPENING IN A NUTSHELL JU ! rlce ::::::: Each m^N0\S^V
(V. M I lie- vjr-cixii^nj UN /\ nuiaiiCLL. jv fancy wire soap dishes, glass 17" \ c __ y
KyrTT^rTi^Nv One of the latest Paris crazes is themji.OO f\% The past lew months have witnessed depressions in the Dry Goods markets unknown JJ . soap holder and brush rack. Opening 1^2 VSg^rs-. -
t lLiNC7 Jn GKKTCHfc-N YOKE. Ask for them «JD I — - /V before— pusheJ to the wall by money stringencies— manufacturers compelled to realize £7 P rlcte Each X& -^ \C j£>v-^
- — ■— " >^\ at :"••■•••• •• *-»cn \i on their output — orders countermand d. Our buyers in the bast, surrounded by these condi- IK. prf-vptt-rrt^tt v m nriiPsBRTTeH -• ir. X^^^Sk 1
P °^ A k D a O n?Uo? e A a S^! an . d . C^°tS'S2^ A C " h "" ' \L L^ .. \3'
V^i^TAiN^ IT' /S HALE BROS., ,^§^ s^fr A\f^^^
•Sfc n^^/l/ V Jv5a\ r-^^>v fe —^>v INCORPORATED, fT,^^-^ /£?/ xl /&f^r\ /£(%rtC*/Q^ it£'-'
""" M " k " ™£TZjr*t^WM%h8
Disgraceful, but Picturesquely Dilapidated
A CHINATOWN VIEW PHOTOGRAPHED BY THE BOARD OF HEALTH. REAR OF 74J JACKSON STREET.
The above illustration gives a feir idea of a scene at the rear of some tall brick buildings
in Chinatown which the Board of health recently investigated with the result that a
dtcision was reached to have the wooden additions torn away and the place cleansed
and put in a condition to accord with the sanitary laws. The view is obtained from a
point near the entrance to a woodyard close to 741 Pacific street. The brick buildings
rise about five stories from the ground, and up half their height mount sheds and
shacks, seemingly piled one on top of the other. The shacks and sheds are most
wretched in appearance and look as if they were ready to totter and crash down in a
mass of ruins at any moment. They are patchwork affairs, slapped together in a go-as
you-please style. In several places oid window shutters have been nailed up in place of
fallen or decayed boards. From certain doors and windows clouds of smoke
issue for hours during the day, and a "passer-by on Pacific street would
think, at first sight, that an emergency had arisen that demanded a firecall.
He notices, however, that the Chinese on the premises pay no attention to the smoke,
and he takes It for granted that they have grown accustomed to It. The rear yard is
DESTROYED AN TH R HOUSE.
The Board of Health SttU Tearing Down
Structures in Chinatown.
A pile of mangled and twisted timbers
at the inner end 01 Brooklyn place marks
the spot where yesterday morning, pre
vious to a visit from the Board of Health
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1896.
and its hired men, stood a three-story
buildine used as a Chinese lodginy-house.
Dr. Lovelace bad decided that it was a
nuisance, the board had indorsed his re
port and the destruction of the property
was the result.
The photographer of the board was on
hand to take pictured at opportune times
of the members and their employes stand-
covered with timbers and boxes and stovewood and kindling, scraps of iron and tin
cans and many unsightly things. Everything there except the newly chopped wood is
extremely dirty. Clotheslines are stretched above the ruin heaps, and no doubt often
the linen of white people is hung out to dry in this atmosphere of foul odors. A host
of Chinese live in these buildings. So crowded are they that when a Chinaman dies it
is not uncommon for the living to sleep in a bunk alongside of the corpse until the re
mains are carted away for burial. At the extreme left of the illustration an overhang-
Ing branch of a tree comes in. It is from a solitary locust tree that has grown to be as
tall as the brick buildings in front of it. It looks out of place there, where everything
is mean and vile. The tree has an unhealthy look. Out of its discolored leaves it
seems to breathe the story of Its disgust and misery. If the Board of Healthful
fills its purpose in behalf of sanitation the scene will shortly be altered, and
the locust tree may yet again become fresh and green as in its youth before
the children of the Orient put their blight upon a once fair portion of San
Francisco.
ing around in picturesque attitudes, with
axes in their hands, the views to be used
in evidence in case the owners take thf
destruction of their belongings into the
courts.
r.egal Fraternity Organized.
Thursday afternoon several of the graduates
of Hauinge' College of the Law met in McNair
NEW TO-DAT.
& Somers' office, Parrott building, and organ
ized the San Francisco Alumni Chapter of
Phi Delta Pni Legal irafrnlty. It will include
graduate members of Pomcroy Chapter and
other chapters in San Francisco and vicinity.
The following ofiicers were elected: President,
Judge John R. Aitken '86; vice-presidents —
Ju.ige C. W. SlHCk '82, George W. Lane '92 and
W. T. Brobe. k '92; secretary, T. A. Perkins '96 ;
treasurer, George B. Littleneld,
THEIR MONEY VERY SHY
But Eureka Club Managers Con
tend That Everything Is
All Right
What Sporting Men Think of Corbet's
Ways of Doing Business— National.
Club Entertainment
The talking pugilist, Jim Corbett, is
having quite a pleasant time planning
schemes, with the evident object in view
of keeping away from the prize-ring As
long as it is possible for him to do so.
James, the fighting diplomat, has, liter
ally speaking, put bis foot in it and the
sporting people of this City have about
concluded that he will be the recipient of
a second fro^t in case he appears here in a
limited conie-st with Sailor Sharkey.
A prominent sporting-man, who for
many yean followed the game, said yes
terday that Corbett evidently had an un
derstanding with SharJtey's manager and
that the final result of all this bowwow
between Corbett and the boxing clubs
would be a grand hipnodrome between
Jim and Tom in this City.
Bharkey is as dumb as the proverbial
oyster. Lynch speaks for the sailor, and
it is presumed that Mr. Lynch has agreed
that Mr. Corbett shall undertake to ar
range a fight in this City for the largest
purse offered by the clubs, and that the
right will result in the usual draw.
It is said that the Eureka Club is under
the management of Proiessor Jim, and,
of course, if that is the case, the Eurekas
should find little difficulty in carrying oft
thefi^htin this Ciiy, provided, however,
that Lynch in the interim will not jump
the traces and kick against Professor Jim's
ways of doing business. The unexpected
frequently happens in pugilism.
The Eureka Club did not deposit that
$6000 which a morning paper stated would
be in Bafe keeping at 5 o'clock Friday
evening. Mr. Ellinghou<e stated yester
day that it made no difference whether
the coin was posted at the time designated
by Professor Jim & Co.; that he had a
tacit understanding with Jamsey and that
everything pugilistic would be "0. K."
Yesterday Mr. Groom of the National
Club was eiven to understand by one of
the matchmakers for Corbett that there
was still a chance for the National Club
getting the mill, but Groom smiled his
sweetest and intimated that if Professor
Jim of Asbury Park wanted to transact
any further business with him he must
come West and hold a personal interview.
James would have no objection to do
business over the wires if the National
Club stood the expenses attached to tele
graphing, etc., but Mr. Groom has drawn
the line and the talking champion must
now journey West if he intends doing any
future business with the National.
Mr. Groom said yesterday that he was
quoted wrongly in a morning paper as, re
gards the license which was granted to
him by the Health Committee of the
Board of Supervisors.
"When 1 received the committee's per
mission to give a boxine entertainment,"
said Mr. Groom, "there was nothing ex
acted of me; in fact, I was not asked if I
intended to hold the Corbett and Sharkey
contest, or any other contest for that mat
ter. I simply said to one of the reporters
that I was disgusted with Corbett's way
of doing business, and would have noth
ing more to do with him so far aa tele
graphic communication is concerned."
The National Club has a splendid card
for November. The leading attraction
will oe a twenty-round contest between
Jim Hall and Dan Creedon.
Park ITograinnie.
Following is the programme of music at
Golden Gate Park to-day: "The Marceau
March" CW. V. Pliae) ; overture, "LaForaadei
Destlno" (Verdt); "Andante and Rondo Capiio
cioso" (Mendelssohn); "El Capitan," waltzes,
(Sousa); scenes from "Walkure" (Wagner);
overture, "Circe" (Wettge); grand air vane
f' r euphonium (Gattermann), W. H. Colverd;
"Bohemian Girl" (Bulfe); "Bon Voyage,"
marche a la patrol (Bial); "Giggh e Ciacch"
(Ricordi).
• — • — •
About sixty pacers are published in the
int rests o! anarchv.
KEW TO- DAT.
Kelly & mm,
-THE LEADING-
CLOAK I SUIT HOUSE,
120 KEARNY ST.
P 1
WmKf S4!oo|
J^M|NlM a 7 r n f
jW^^^/wf^ 1 i ni i 0 c nn
aim $0iUU
Only Sew Styles to Show in Everything. .
PLUSH VELODR CAPES, silk-
1 .!!!... T^..;.!° 1 : $6.00
FINE ALL - WOOL KERSEY
CAPES, wide sweep, good O*tz C\r\
length, black, navy and tan.. vpO.UU.
NEW TAILOR-MADE DRESSES, d»i)A tf»«O
ready to wear, new shades $-"♦ 15
and new materials.... o J»hT-a
*... ti'llo.oO
PLAID WOOL AND SILK WAISTS, d>n en
the very latest waist 4>O.OU
■>&&hk LOUIS ZEH.
Iliilil HIT Rfif R
— — ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATEKT MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS.
TOILET ARTICLES,
FISE WISES All LIQUORS,
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's a Snap:
Belmonts. 12i/ a c size... „„» f in™ '
Sanchez & Uava. 12^0 &^l";" ™ ° £
Genera Arthur, ,0c B :ralg ht "cat cu t o lOo
G««al Arthur, .0, wralgbt... V«Xo S
F?^, r UrD "I d K I0C 8 "- railiht cut to » » - 5o
Figaro. 6c straight... ......... cut to 6 f-r 25c
Ki Dg B. 6c straight ;...;..,:;;;;;;:;;^^g^^
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.