VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 102.
STOCKTON'S
GALA DA?
Native Sons of California
Surfeited With Gay
Entertainment.
HOST JOINED GUEST IN
MERRY REVEL.
From Sun-Up Until Sun-Up the
Fanfare of the Fete
Continues.
PAGEANTS, MUSIC, ATHLETICS
AND OEATOEY.
The Greatest of All Celebrations
Commemorative of tke Golden
State's Birth.
STOCKTON. Cal., Sept. 9.— The people
of Stockton retired to-night tired of dome
well and happy in the consciousness that
in no way could the Admission day festiv
ities have been better conducted or af
forded more pleasure to their guests. Ab
solutely nothing had been left undone
that would have contributed to the enter
tainment of any of the thousands of visit
ors and no expense had been spared to make
the fetes the grand success they proved to
be. Nothing now is left for the visitors, sur
feited with enjoyment, to do but to wit
ness to-morrow's launch race for the Gov
ernor's cup and then go home.
Last night, or rather early this morning,
all Stockton was awake and on the streets
waiting to receive the trainioads of
Natives that arrived from San Franoisco
about 1 o'clock. The greetings, leceptions,
parade and one thing and another occu
pied another hour or two, and the city did
not become quiet until almost dawn.
Bright and early, however, everybody was
astir and on the way to the channel to be
on hand to greet those who came to the
Mill City by water. The boats arrived at
their moorings about 5 o'clock, and lon^
before 8, the hour set for the formal recep
tion, most of the voyagers had been car
ried off by resident friends.
From 7 o'clock until time for the parade
io start, the throng on the streets steadily
grew larger, and Main street for several
blocks on both sides of tne courthouse
was congested. Several hundred people,
tired out by the fatigue of traveling or
loss of sleep the night before, lay down on
the lawn about the county building. The
grass looked so cool and soft and tempt
ing that its witcnery was not to be re
sisted, and many slept until the blare of
the bands announced the gathering of the
parade.
And such a parade it was! There have
been processions and pageants galore in
the Mill City, but never since the original
settler pitched his tent on the banks of
the San Joaquin has Stockton beheld such
a succession of splendidly nniformed and
interesting organizations. There were
fully 5000 Natives in line, and 30,000 people
lined the sidewalks.
It was a comfortable looking parade, de
spite the assiduous attentions of King
Sol. The women who marched were one
and all robed iv garments of white, filmy
and cool looking, while the men, with the
exception of the Sacramento and Oakland
parlors, were glad in white duck suits
with negligee shirts and straw hats or
yatchting caps. It was a good looking
parade, too. Every face was bright and
happy, and every form was nicely garbed.
As far as appearance went, however, the
Natives from Sacramento won easily. The
uniform adopted was a peculiarly fetching
one, consisting of a light coat of dark
blue material ornamented with double
rows of large white pearl buttons, white
duck trousers, wnite yachting cap and
laundered shirt and collar with a white
necktie. The simple combination of blue
and white caught everybody's eye, and
there is not a Native in the city who does
not concede that the Capital City boys de
serve first prize. The Japanese parasol of
gaudy appearance and multi-colored was
very much in evidence, and those of the
marchers who did not carry one of the
pretty Oriental sunshades had in his hand
an umbrella or parasol of white silk or
carnival-colored cotton.
The literary exercises in the Yosemite
Theater were not as well attended as they
should have been, most of the marchers
and spectators being at luncheon. Mayor
liagga' address of welcome was a gem in
The San Francisco Call
Glad-Hand Greetings at the Stockton Depot Last Tuesday Evening Upon the Arrival of Native Sons From San Francisco,
When the Greatest Enthusiasm Prevailed and the Band Played "Days of 'Forty-Nine/
its way. and the response of Grand Presi
dent Henry C. Gesford was equally appro
priate. The oration of Frank Mattison of
Santa Cruz was enthusiastically ap
plauded. Joaquin Miller's song, " '49,"
tbe music of which was composed by
Lelia France, was rendered in public for
tbe first time and was a great success.
The bicycle races at Goodwater Grove
provoked no end of enthusiasm among the
friends and adherents of tne clubs to which
the contestants belong, but the crowd of
spectators was generally athletic. A spill,
in which no one was seriously injured,
and the unexpected victory of several
overlooked men, were the incidents of the
day.
The regatta drew an immense tnrong to
the banks of Stockton channel. Every
body and his brother were there, with
somebody else's sister, and all combined
in cheering the Stockton men, who won
STOCKTON ENTERTAINED HER VISITORS WITH MANY INTERESTING AND PLEASING AMUSEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
CORDIAL WELCOMES FOR VISITING DELEGATIONS.
every event in which they were entered.
They not only captured the two barge
races, but gathered in the senior scull
event as well.
Governor Budd failed to act as presiding
judge, because of excessive fatigue re
sulting from his participation in the
parade. Adjutant-General .Barrett pre-
sided in his stead.
Although the banks of the channel were
thronged with people interested in the
regatta, there was no dearth of Natives and
other visitors up town. The sidewalks
were crowded, and companies of joyous
natives paraded the streets io all direc
tions, each knot of marchers being headed
by a band or a drum corps. One of these
assemblages numbered several hundred
persons, principally members of the Sac
ramento parlors, who — men and women —
formed lines stretching from cuib to curb,
and band in hand kept step to the inspiring
strains of the band that preceded them.
After dark the main interest centered in
the carnival oo Stockton Channel and Me-
Leods Lake. It was a fitting finale to the
most successful Admission Day yet cele
brated by the Native Sons. All expecta
tions were excelled. It was a veritable
scene of enchantment—* fairy spot in the
midst of an every-day world. Tne thou
sands and tens of thousands that were out
in the afternoon to witness tbe regatta re
turned after dinner in augmented num
bers. They were yt%ll repaid for tbtir
visit. They carried away beautiful im
pressions of this memorable occasion —
mental pictures which will never fade.
Stockton channel is admirably adapted
for such displays. Standing on tbe south
side of the channel, at a point beyond
the depot of the California Navigation and
Improvement Company, there was in
view a bewildering network of lights and
creations in lanterns, torches and electric
lamps as far as the eye could carry. At
Weber Point an electric tower bearing
thousands of colored lamps reared its
lofty head and made a splendid foreground
for the decorations that extended on the
one hand along McLeods Lake and on the
other along the channel into the very
heart of the city, until they faded in the
perspective. Equally beautiful and numer
ous were the illuminations along the
channel southward until the lights were
lost in the distance. .: « _-> •„ ,-. ■* —. -■ ~.
The bank? of the channel were lined
with craft of all sorts, temporary seats on
barges and convenient buildings, and
these were crowded by expectant and en
thusiastic thousands. Both sides of the
channel were lined from Center street to
beyond the stakeboat. The fixed lights
varied with tbe colors of the carnival an I
were constantly shadowed and shaded by
colored fires simultaneously act off along
the entire length of the course. A score
of bands and ore estras provided excellent
music from aa many points, while ever
and anon sweet strains came floating in
over the water from the gondolas and
other craft which blackened the bosom of
the harbor. The craft moved by in pro
cession and then floated about at will,
every moment presenting a new picture or
suggesting one.
Governor Budd's launch, the Hazel, led
Lhe way, towiug a catamaran crowde i
with a happy party of pleasure-seekers.
Then followed Chinese junks, wicked little
launches, boatbouses, including the in
evitable Polliwog, and craft of all sizes,
character and descriptions. The floats
were distributed at regular distances, and
gave light and life and color to the shifting
[Continued on Third Page,]
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
HOBART TO
THE PEOPLE
National Issues Discussed
From a Republican
Standpoint.
ACCEPTS THE ST. LOUIS
NOMINATION.
Lucid Explanation of His Faith
in the Principles of
His Party.
FIAT MONEY VERSUS OPEN
FACTORIES.
Democracy Advances the One Prop*
osition, While Prosperity Must
Come With the Other.
PATERSON, N. J., Sept 9. — Garret
A. Hobart, Republican candiJate for Vic
e to-day made public his letter of
acceptance of tbe nomination by the Ke-
Dublican National Convention at St. Louis.
Mr. Hobart deals with the issues of the
hoar, standing upon the platform of his
party on all issues which it embodies.
The letter follows :
Patebson, N. J., Sept. 9.
Hon. Charles W. Fairbanks and others of the
Notification Committee of the Republican National
Convention— Gentlemen: I have already in ac
cepting the nomination for the office of the
Vice-Presidency tendered me by the National
Republican Convention expressed my ap
proval of the platform adopted by that body as
the party basis of doctrine. In accordance
with accepted usage, I beg now to supplement
that brief statement of my views by some ad
ditional reflections upon the questions which
are in deflate before the American people.
The platform declarations in reference to the
money question express clearly and unmis
takably the attitude of the Republican party aa
to this supremely important subject. We
stand unqualifiedly for honesty in finance and
I the permanent adjustmen tof our monetary sys
tem in the multifarious activities of trade and
commerce to the existing gold standard of
value. We hold that every dollar of currency
issued by the United States, whether of gold,
silver or paper, must be worth a dollar in gold
whether in the pocket of the man who toils for
hU daily lm ad, in the vault of the savings
bank which holds his deposits, or in the ex
changes of the world.
The money standard of a great nation should
be as fixed and permanent as the nation itself.
To secure and oDtaln the best should be the
desire of every right-minded citizen. Resting
on stable foundations, continuous and unvary
ing certainty of value should be its dis
tinguishing characteristic. The necessity of a
certain and fixed money value between na
tions, as well as individuals, has grown out of
the interchange cf commodities— the trade and
business relationships which have arisen
among the people of the world with the en
largement of human interests. This necessity
has made gold the financial standard of all
enlightened nations. Other metals, including
silver, have a recognized commercial value,
and silver especially has a value of great im
portance for subsidiary coinage.
In view of a sedulous effort of the advocates
of free coinage to create a contrary impres
sion, it cannot be too strongly emphasized
that the Republican party in its platform af
firms this value in silver and favors the largest
possible use of tnis metal as actual money that
can be maintained with safety. Not only this,
it will not antagonize, but «vill gladly assist in
promoting a double standard whenever it can
be secured by agreement and co-operation
among the nations. The bimetallic currency
involving the free use of silver, which we now
have, is cordially approved by Republicans.
But a standard and a currency are vastly dif
ferent things, if we are to continue to hold
our place among the great commercial na
tlons we roust cease juggling with this ques-.
tion and mate our honesty of purpose clear
to the world. No room should be left tor mis
conception as to the meaning of the language
used in the bonds of the Government not yet
matured. It should not De possible for any
party or individual to raise a question as to
the purpose of the country to pay an its obit.2
HON. GARRET A. HOBART, Republican Nominee for Vice-President.
fations in the best form of money recognized
y the commercial world.
The free coinage ot siiver ftt the ratio of 16
to 1 is a policy which no nation has ever be
fore proposed, and it is to-day not permitted
in any mint in the world, not even in Mexico.
It is purposed to make the coinage unlimited
at an absolutely fictitious ratio lixed with no
relation to intrinsic value or p'edge to ulti
mate redemption. With silver at Us present
price of less than 70 cents per ounce In the
market such a policy means an immediate
profit to the seller of silver for which there is
no re^irn, now or hereafter, to the people of
our Government. It means that for each dol
lar's worth of silver bullion delivered at the
mint practically $2 of stamped coin will be
given in exchange. For $100 worth of bullion
nearly 200 silver dollars will be delivered.
Let it also be remembered that the conFe
quences of such an act would probably be
cumulative in their effects. The crop of sil
ver, unlike that, of hay or wheat or corn —
which, being of yearly production, can be
regulated by the law of supply and demand —
is fixed once for all. The silver, which has not
yet been gathered, Is all in the ground.
Drought or other accident of the elements can
not augment or diminish it. It is uot more
than probable that with the enormous pre
mium offered for its mining the cupidity of
man would make an over-supcly continuous,
with the necessary result of a steady deprecia
tion as long as the silver dollar could be kept
in circulation at ail. Under the laws of
finance, which are as fixed as those of any
other science, the inevitable result wonld
finally be a currency all and absolutely fiat.
There is no difference in principle between a
dollar half flat and one all fiat. The latter, as
the cheapest, under the logic of "cheap
money," would surely drive the other out.
Any attempt on the part ot the Government
to create by its fiat money a fictitious value
would dishonor us in the eyes of other people
and would bring infinite reproach upon the
National characrer. The business and finan
cial consequences of such an immoral act
would be world wide, because our commercial
relations are world wide. It is a known fact
that more than 80 per cent of the commerce of
the world is settled in gold or on a gold basis.
Such free-coinaee legislation, if ever consum
mated, would discriminate against every pro
ducer of \vneat, cotton, corn or rye— who
should, in justice, be equally entitled with the
silver-owner to sell his products to the United
States treasury at a profit fixed by the Govern
ment — against all producers of iron, steel,
sine or copper, who might properly claim to
have their metals made' into current coin. It
would as well be a fraud upon all persons
forced to accept a currency that stimulated and
at the same time degraded.
In every aspect the proposed policy is par
tial and one sided, because it is only when a
profit can bo made by a mine owner or dealer
that he takes his silver to the mint for coin
age. The Government is always at the losing
end. Stamp such fictitious value upon silver
ore, and a dishonest and unjust discrimina
tion will be made against every other form of
industry. When silver bullion worth a little
more than 50 cents is made into a legal-tender
dollar, driving out one having a purchasing
and debt-paying power of 100 cents, it will be
clearly done at the expense and injury of
every class of the community.
Those who contend for the free and unlim
ited coinage of sliver may believe in all hon
esty that, while the present ratio of silver to
gold is as 30 to 1 (not 10 to 1). silver will
rise above the existing market value. If it
does so rise the effect will bo to make the loss
to all the people : so much less, but such an
opinion is but a hazardous conjecture at best,
and is not justified by experience.
Within the last twenty years this Govern
ment has bought about 460,000,000 ounces of
silver, from which it has coined approximately
430,000,000 of silver dollars and Issued 130,
-000,000 of dollars in silver certificates/and
the price of the metal has steadily declined
from $1 15 per ounce to 68 cents per ounce.
What will be the decline when the supply is
augmented by the offerings of all the world?
The loss upon these silver purchases to the
people of this country has now been nearly
$150,000,000. *
The dollar of our fathers, about which bo
much is said, was an honest dollar, silver
maintaining a full parity of intrinsic value
with gold. The fathers would have spurned
and ridiculed a proposition to make a silver
dollar worth only 53 cents' stand on equal
value with a gold one worth 100 cents.
The experience of all nations coes to prove
that any depreciation, however slight, of - an
other standard from the parity with gold, has
driven the more valuable one out of circula
tion, and such experience in a matter of this
kind is worth much more than mere interest
ed speculative opinion. The - fact that few
gold coins are seen in ordinary circulation for
domestic uses is no proof at all that the metal
is not performing a most important function
in business affairs. The foundation of the
house is not always in sight, but* the house
would not staud an hour if there were no foun
dation.
There is now on deposit in the savings banks
of thirty-three States and Territories of this
Union me vast sum of $2,000,000,000. These
are the savings oi almost 5,000,000 depositors.
In many cases they represent the labor and
economy of years.
Any depreciation in the value of the dollar
would defraud every man, woman ana child to
whom these savings belong. .Every dollar of
their earnings, when deposited, was worth 100
cents in gold of the present standard of weight
and fineness. Are they not entitled to receive
in full, with interest, all they have so depos
ited? i Any legislation that would reduce it by
me value of a single dime would be an intol
erable wroug to each depositor. Every bank
or banker who has accepted the earnings of
these millions of dollars to the credit oi our
Citizens must be required to pay them back in
money not one whit less valuable than that
which these banks and bankers received in
trust.
There are in this country nearly 6000 build
ing aud loan associations, with shareholders
to the number of 1,800,000, and with assets
amounting to more than 000,000. Their
average holdings is nearly $300 per capita,
and in many cases they represent the savings
of men and women who nave denied them
selves the comforts of life in the hope of bains:
able to accumulate enough to buy or build
homes of their own. They have aided in the
erection of over a million of houses, which are
now affording comfort and shelter for 5,000,
-000 of our people.
Free coinage at the arbitrary rate of 16
ounces of silver to one of gold would be equi
valent to the confiscation of nearly half the
savings that these people have invested. It
would be tantamount to a war upon American
homemakers; it would be an invasion of "the
homes of the provident," and tend directly to
destroy the stimulus to endeavor and the com
pensation of honest toil. Every one oi the
shareholders of these associations is entitled
to be repaid in money of the same value which
he deposited by weekly payments, or other
wise, in the.c companies. Ho one of them
should be made homeless because a political
! party demands a change in the money stand
ard of our country, as an experiment or as a
concession to selfishness or greed.
The magnitude of the disaster which would
overtake these and cognate interests becomes
the more strikingly apparent when considered
in the aggregate. Stated broadly, the savings
bank!:, Hie insurance and assessment compa
nies and building and loan associations of the
country hold in trust 15,309.717,381. The
debasement of the currency to a silver basis,
as proposed by the Chicago platform, would
wipe out at one blow approximately $7,083,
-004,820 of this aggregate. According to the
report of the Department of Agriculture the
total value of the main cereal crops In this
country in 1894 was $905,438,107; so that the
total Bum belonging to the people and held in
trust in these institutions whicn would be ob
literated by the triumph of free and unlimited
silver coinage would be seven and a half times
the total value of the annual cereal crop of
the United States. The total value of the man
ufactured products of the country for the cen
sus year of 1890 was $9,372,537,283. The es
tablishment of a silver basis of value as now
proposed would entail a loss to these three in
terests alone equal to 85 per cent of this enor
mous output of all the manufacturing indus
tries of the Union and would affect directly
nearly one-third of its whole population. • • -...'
One hundred and forty million of dollars
per annum is due to pensioners of the late
war. lhat sum represents blood spilled and
sufferings endured in order to preserve this
Nation irom disintegration. ' In many cases
the sums so paid In pensions are exceedingly
small; in few, if any, are they excessive. The
spirit that would deplete ' these to the extent
of a farthing is the same that would organize
sedition, destroy the peace and security of the
country, punish rather than reward our vet
eran soldiers, and is unworthy of the counte
nance by thought or vote of any patriotic citi
zen of whatever political faith. No party until
that which met In convention at Chicago has
ever ventured to insult the honored survivors
of our struggle for the National life by propos
ing to scale their pensions horizontally and to
pay them hereafter in 'depreciated dollars
worth only 53 cents. .--,.-.
The amounts due, in addition to the inter
ests already named, to depositors in trust com
panies in National, State and private banks, to
holders of tire and accident insurance poli
cies; to holders of industrial insurance where
the money deposited or ; the premiums cave
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTJSMJ3ISK lU, 1896.
been paid in gold or Its equivalent are so
enormous, together with the sums due and to
become due for mate, municipal and for other
corporate debts, that if paid in depreciated
silver or its equivalent it would not only en
tail upon our fellow countrymen a loss iv
money which has not been equaled in a simi
lar experience since the world began, but it
would at the same time bring a disgrace to
our country such as has never been equaled
by any other nation which had the ability to
pay its honest debts. Iv our condition, rind
considering our magnificent capacity for rais
ing revenue, such wholesale repudiation is
without necessity or excuse. No political ex
pediency or party exigency, however pressing,
could justify so monstrous an act.
All these deposits and debts must, under the
platform of the Republican party, be met and
adjusted in the best currency the world knows
and measured by the same standard in which
tne debts have been contracted or the deposits
or payments have been made.
Still dealing sparingly with figures, of which
there is an enormous mass to sustain the posi
tion of the advocates of the gold standard of
value, I cite one more case which is officially
established, prefaced by the tiulsm that there
is no better test of the growth of a country's
prosperity than its increase in the per capita
holdings of its population. In the decade be
tween 1880 and IS9O, during which we had
our existing gold standard and were under the
conditions that supervened from the act of
1873, the per capita awnings of this country
increased from $870 to $1036. In those tea
years the aggregate increase of tho wealth of
our country was $21,395,000,000, being 50 per
cent in excess of the increase for any previous
ten years since 1850. and at the amazing rate
of over $2,000,000,000 a year.
The framers of the Chicago platform, in the
face of this fact and of the enormous iucrease
over Great Britain during the same gold
standard decade of our country's foreign trade
and its production of iron, coal and other
great symbols of National strength and
progress, assert that our monetary standard is
"not only un-American, but anti-American,"
and that it has brought us "into financial
servitude to London." It is impossible to
imagine an assertion more reckless and in
defensible.
The proposition for free and unlimited silver
coinage carried to its logical conclusion (and
but one is possible) means, as beiore inti
mated, legislative warrant for the repudiation
of all existing indebtedness, public and pri
vate, to the extent of nearly 50 per cent of the
face of all such indebtedness. It demands an
unlimited volume of flat currency, irredeema
ble, and therefore without any standard value
in the markets of the world. Every considera
tion of public interest and public honor de
mands that this proposition should be rejected
by the American people.
This country cannot afford to give its sanc
tion to wholesale spoliation. It must hold
fast to its integrity. It must still encourage
thrift in all proper ways. It must not only
educate its children to honor and respect the
flag, but it should inculcate fidelity to the Ob
ligations of personal and National honor as
well. Both these great principles should here
after be taught in the common schools of the
land and the lesson Impressed upon those who
are the voters oi to-day, and those who are to
become the inheritors of sovereign power in
this Republic, that it is neither wise, patriotic
nor safe to make political platforms the me
diums oi assault upon property, the peace of
society and upon civilization itself.
Until these lessons have been learned by
our children and by those who have reached
the voting age, it can only be surmised wtiai
enlightened statesmen and political econo
mists will record as to the action of a party
convention which offers an inducement to
National dishonesty by a premium of 47 cents
for every 53 cents' worth of silver that can be
extracted from the bowels of the whole earth,
with a cordial invitation to all to produce it at
our mints and accept for it a full silver legal
tender dollar of 100 cents, rated value, to be
coined free of charge and unlimited in quan
tity for private account.
But vastly more than a mere assertion of a
purpose to reconstruct the National currency
is suggested by the Chicago platform. It as
sumes, in fact, the form ot a revolutionary
propaganda. It embodies a menace of Na
tional disintegration and destruction. This
spirit manifested itself iv a deliberate propo
sition to repudiate the plighted public faith,
to impair the sanctity of the obligation of pri
vate contracts, to cripple the credit of the Na
tion by stripping the Government of the
power to borrow money, as tne urgent exigen
cies of the treasury may require, and in a
word to overthrow all the foundations of
financial and industrial stability.
Noris this all ; not content with a proposition
to ;hua debauch the currency and to unsettle
all conditions of trade and commerce, the
party responsible for this political platform
denies the competency of the Government to
protect the lives and property of its citizens
apalnst internal disorder and violence.
It assails the judicial monuments reared by
the constitution for tne defense of individual
rights and public welfare, and it even threat
ens to destroy the integrity and independence
of the Supreme Court, which has been consid
ered the last refuge of the citizen against
every form of outrage and in-jußtice. In the
face of serious teril, which these propositions
embody, it would seem that there could be but
one sentiment among right-thinking citizens
as to the duty of the hour. All men of what
ever party who believe in law and have some
regard for the sacredness of individual and
institutional rights must unite in defense of
the endangered interests of the Nation.
While the financial issue, which has been
thus considered and which has come as the
result of the agitation of recent years to
occupy a peculiar conspicuousness, is ad
mittedly of primary importance, there is
another question which must command equal
and serious attention. Our financial and
business condition is at this moment one of
almost unprecedented depression. Our great
industrial system is seriously paralyzed. Pro
duction in many important, branches of man
ufacture has altoßeiher ceased. Capital is
without remunerative employment Labor is
idle. The revenues of the Government are in
sufficient to meet its ordinary and necessary
expenses. These conditions are not the result
of accident; they are the outcome of the
American economic policy, deliberately eu
acied and applied.
It would not be difficult and would not in
volve any violent disturbance of our existing
commercial system to enact necessary tariff
modifications along the lines of experience.
For the first two fiscal years of the so-called
McKinley tariff the receipts from customs
were $380,807,980.
At this writing, the Wilson tariff act has
been in force for nearly two- full fiscal
years; but the total receipts, actual and esti
mated, cannot exceed $312,441,947. A steady
deficit, constantly depleting the resources of
the Government, and trenching even upon its
gold reserve, has brousht about public dis
trust and business disaster. It has, too, neces
siiated the sale of $262,000,000 of bonds,
thereby increasing to that extent the National
debt. It will be remembered that in no year
of more than a quarter of a century of con
tinuous Republican administration succeed
ing the Civil War, when our industries were
disintegrated and all the interests of business
were more or less disturbed, was the National
debt increased by a single dollar. It was, on
the contrary, steadily and rapidly diminished.
In such a condition of affairs as this it is idle
to argue against the necessity of some sort of a
change in our fiscal laws.
The Democratic party declares for a remedy
by direct taxation upon a selected class of
citizens. It opposes any application to the
protective principle.
Our party holds that by a wise adjustment
of the tariff, conceived in moderation and
with k. view to staDility, we may secure all
needed revenue, and it declares that in the
event of its restoration to power it will seek
to accomplish that result. It holds, too, that
it Is the duty of the Government to protect
and encourage in all practical ways the de
velopment of domestic industries, the eleva
tion of borne labor and the enlargement of
the prosperity of the people. It does .not favor
any form of legislation which would lodge in
the Government the power to do what the peo
ple ought to do for themselves, but it believes
that it is both wise and patriotic to discrimi
nate in favor of our own material resources,
and the utilization, under tho best attainable
conditions, of our own capital and our own
avuilab'e skill and industry. The words of
the Republican National platform on this sub
ject are at once temperate and emphatic It
says of theDolicy of protection:
In its reasonable application it Is Just, fair ana
impartial, equally opposed to foreign conwol ana
domestic monopoly, to sectional discrimination
and individual favoritism. We demand such an
equitable tariff on foreign imports which come
in o competition with American products <v will I
not only furnish adequate revenue for the neces- j
sary expenses ot the tiovernment, but will protect
American labor from degradation to the wage level
of other lands. We are not pie ;ged to any particu
lar schedules. The question ot rat's is » practical
question to l>« governed by ihe conditions of time
and production. The ruling mil uncompromising
principle is the protection and development of
American labor and industry. The country de
mands a right sfUtlement and then it wants rest.
The Republican party, in its first successful
Na'ional contest under Abraham Linco.'n, de
clared in favor -'of that policy oi National ex
changes which secures to the workingmen liv
ing wages, to agriculture remunerative prices,
to mecnanies and manufacturers an adequate
reward for their skill, labor and enterprise,
and to the Nation commercial prosperity and
independence."
The principle thus enunciated has never
been abandoned. Iv the crisis now upon us
it must be tenaciously adhered to. In 1892,
when by universal consent we touched the
high-water mark of our National prosperity,
we were undtr the same financial systftin that
we have to-dny. Gold was then ihe sole
stundard and silver and paper were freely
uud as the common currency. We hsd
a tariff framed by Republican hands un
der the direction of the great states
man who now loaically leads the con
test for a restoration of the policy
whose reversal brought paralysis to so many
of our industries and distress upon so large a
body of our people. We were under the policy
of reciprocity, formulated by another illustri-
OUI statesman, of the genuine American tyi>»\
We may, if we choose to <lo so, return to the
prosperous conditions which existed before the
! present administration came into power.
My sincere conviction is that my country
men will prove wise enough to understand the
issues that confront them, and patriotic
enough to apply safe and sure remedies for the
evils that oppress us. They will not, I am sure,
accept again at their face value the promises
of a party which, under desperate and per.
verted leadership, has so recently dishonored
its solemn pledges; which has repudiated
the principles and policies which have given
it a historic past and the success oi which, as
now constituted, would endanger at home pri
vate security and tiie public saiety and I
disastrously affect abroad both our credit and
good name. And foremast among those who
will decline to follow where the new Dem
ocracy leads will be thousands of men, Dem
ocrats aforetime and Democrats to-day, who
count country more than party and are un
willing, even oy indirection, to contribute to
results so disastrous to our most sacred inter
ests.
The platform of the Republican National
Convention states the party position concern
ing other questions than those herein referred
to. These, while at the present time of
subordinate importance, should not be over- I
looked. The Republican party has always
been the defender of the rights of American
citizenship as kgainst all aggressions what
ever, whether at home or abroad. It has, to
the extent of it 3 power, defended those rights
and hedged them about with law.
Regarding the ballot as the expression and !
embodiment of the sovereignty of the indi
vidual citizen, it has sought to safeguard it
against assault and to preserve its purity and
integrity. In our foreign relations it has
labored to secure to every men entitled to the
shelter of our flag the fullest exercise of his
riph ts consistent w i th international obligation.
If it should be restored to rulership it would in
fuse needed vigor into our relations witn
powers which have manifested contempt and
disiegard not only of American citizenship
but oi humanity itself.
Tne Republican party lias always stood for
the protection of the American home. It has
aimed to secure it in the enjoyment of all the
blessings of remunerated industry, of moral
culture and of favorable physical environ
ment. It was the party which Instituted the
policy of free homesteads and which Holds
now that this policy should be re-established
and that the public lands now vacant and sub
ject to entry in any part of our National ter
ritory should De preserved against corporate
aggression as homes for the people. It realizes
that the safety of the State lies in the multi
plication ot households and the strengthening
of that sentiment of which the virtuous home
is the best and the truest embodiment, and it
will aim to dignify and enlarge by all proper
legislation this clement of security.
If elected to the position for which I have
been nominated it will be my earnest t>nd
constant endeavor, under divine guidance, in
the sphere of duty assigned to mo to serve the
people loyally along the lines of the principles
and policies of the party which has honored
me with its preference.
I am, gentlemen of the committee, very
truly yours, Garret A. Hobart.
APPEAL TO RAILBOARD MEN.
Debt Call* on All Wage- Earner* to Tote
for Bryan.
TERRE HAUTE, I>'D., Sept. 9.— The
directors of the American Railway Union
to-night issued an address to all members
of the A. R. U. and to all railway em
ployes in the United States denouncing
the alleged coercion of railway employes
to join McKinley sound-money clubs, and
calling on all wage-earners to vote for
Bryan. The address is signed by Eugene
V. Debs, James Hogan, Sylvester Keliher,
William E. Burns, R. M. Goodwin and
M. J. Elliott,
General Black Decline*.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 6.— General John
C. Black has written a letter formally de
clining the nomination of the Democratic
party of Illinois for Governor. It is un
derstood that the declination is positive
and that the executive committee has de
cided to replace Black with ex-Congress
man Forman, the present nominee for At
torney-General on the same ticket
. New nnd beautiful tints in tissue paper and
B i]*l^ll e . s _ a i« &£?«• Sanboro, Vail & Co.-* /-
BRYAN IGNORES
THE TARIFF ISSUE
Briefly Mentioned in the
Nominee's Letter of
Acceptance.
EVADES THE QUESTION.
Declares the One Important
Problem Is That of
Finance.
ALL OTHERS THRUST ASIDE.
Postponing Action Upon Taxation,
He Declares, Involves No
Sacrifice.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Sept. 9.— Mr. Bryan
to-day made public his letter accepting
the Democratic nomination. Its full text
follows:
Hon. Stephen M. White and others. Members of
the notification Committee of the Democratic
National Convention— Gentlemen: I accept tho
nomination tendered by you on behalf of the
Democratic party, and in so doing desire to
assure you that I fully appreciate the high
honor which such a nomination confers, and
tho grave responsibilities which accompany an
election to the Presidency of the United States.
So deeply am 1 impressed with the magnitude
of the power vested by the constitution in the
Chief Executive of the Nation, and with the
enormous influence which he can wield for
the benefit or injury of the people, that 1 wisn
to enter the office, if elected, free from every
personal desire except the desire to prove
worthy of the confidence of my country.
Human judgment is fallible enough when un
biased by selfish considerations, and in order
that I m*y uot be tempted to use the patronage
of the office to advance any personal ambition,
I hereby announce, with all the emphasis
which words can express, my fixed determina
tion not under any circumstances to be a
candidate for re-election iv case this campaign
results in my election.
I have carefully considered the platform
adopted by the Democratic National Conven
tion and unqualifiedly indorse each plank
thereof. Our institutions rest upon the propo
sition that all men, being created equal, are
' entitled to equai consideration at the hands of
the Government. Because all men are created
equal it lollows that no citizen has a natural
right to injure any other citizen. The main
purpose of government being to protect all
citizens in the enjoyment of life, liberty and
the pursuit of happiness this purpose must
lead the Government first to avoid acts of
affirmative injustice and, second, to restrain
each citizen from trespassing upon tne rights
of any other citizen.
A democratic form of government is con
ducive to the highest civilization, because it
opens before eacu individual the greatest
opportunities for development and stimulates
to the highest endeavor by insuring to each
the full enjoyment of all the rewards of toil,
except such contribution as is necessary to
support the Government which protects him.
Democracy is indifferent to pedigree; it deals
with the individual rather than with his
ancestors. Democracy ignores differences in
wealth; neither riches nor poverty can be in
voked in behalf ot or against any citizen.
Democracy knows no creed, recognizing the
right ol each individual to worship God
according to the dictates of his own conscience;
it welcomes all to a common brotherhood and
guarantees equal treatn »- - to all, no matter in
what church or through . -tU forms they com
mune with their Creator.
Haying discussed portions of the platform at
the time of its adoption, and again when your
letter of notification was lormally delivered,
It will not be necessary at this time to touch
upon all the subjects embraced in the party's
declaration.
Honest differences of opinions have ever
existed and will ever exist as to the most
effective means of securing domestic tranquil
ity, but no citizen fails to recognize at all times
and under all circumstances the absolute
necessity for the prompt and vigorous enforce
ment of law and the preservation of the public
peace. In a Government like ours, law is but
the crystallization of the will of the people.
Without it, the citizen is neither secure in the
enjoyment of life and liberty nor protected in
the pursuit of happiness. Without obedience
to law. government is impossible.
The Democratic party is pledged to de'end
the constitution aud enforce the laws of the
United states, and it is also pledged to respect
and preserve the dual scheme of government
instituted by the lounders of the Republic.
The name United States was happily cnosen.
It combines the idea of Nat onal strength with
the idea of local sell-government, and suggests
"An indissoluble union of indestructible
States." Our revolutionary fathers, fearing
the tendencies toward centralization as well
as the dangers of disintegration, guarded
against boih, and National safety ns weil as
domestic security is lo be found In the careful
j observance of the limitations which they Im
posed. It will be noticed that while the United
States guarantees to every State a republican
form of government, and is empowered to pro
tect each State aeainst invasion, it Is not
authorized to interfere In the domestic affairs
of any Stale except upon application of the
Legislature of the State, or upon the applica
tion of the executive when the Legislature
cannot be convened.
This provision rests upon the sound theory
that the people of the Btate, acting through
their legally chosen representatives, are, be
cause of their more intimate acquaintance
with local conditions, better qualified than
the President to jud«e of the necessity for
Federal assistance. Those who framed our
constitution wisely determined to make as
broad an application of the principles of local
self-government as circumstances would per
mit, and we cannot dispute the correctness of
the position taken by them without express
ing a distrust of the people themselves.
Economy.
Since governments exist for the protection
of the rights of the people and not for their
spoliation no expenditure of public money
can be justified unless that expenditure is
necessary for the honest, economical and
efficient administration of the Government.
In determining what appropriations are
necessary, the interest of those who pay the
taxes should be consulted rather than the
wishes of those who receive or disburse public
moneys.
Bond Issues.
An increase in the bonded debt of the United
States at this time is entirely without excuse.
The issues of interest-bearing bonds within
the last lew years have been defended on the
ground that they were necessary to secure
gold with which to redeem United States notes
and treasury notes, but this necessity has been
imaginary rather than real. Instead of exer
cising the legal right vested in the United
States to redeem its coin in either gold or sil
ver the executive branch of the Government
nas followed a precedent established by a
former administration aud surrendered the
option to the holders of the obligations. This
administrative policy leaves the Government
at the mercy of those who find a pecuniary
profit in bond issues. The fact that the deal
ers in money and securities have been able to
deplete or protect the treasury, accordins to
their changing whims, shows how dangerous
it is to permit them to exercise a controlling
influence over the Treasury Department
The Government of the United States, wh en
administered in the interest of all the people,
is able to establish and enforce its financial
policy not only without the aid of syndicates,
bat in spite of any opposition which the s jildi
cates may present. To atsert that the Govern
ment is dependent upon the good will or
assistance of any portion of the people other
than a constitutional majority is to assert that
we have a Government in form, but without
vital force.
National Bank Currency.
The position taken by the platform against
the issue of paper money by National banks is
supported by the highest Democratic author
ity, as well as demanded by the interests of the
people. The present attempt of the National
banks to force the retirement of the United
States notes and treasury notes in order to
secure a basis for a larger issue of their own
notes, illustrates the danger which arises from
permitting them to issue their paper as a cir
culating medium.
The National banknote, being redeemable in
lawful money, has never been better than the
United States notes, which stands behind it,
f^J?**^^ 11 8 Persistently demand that
tnese United States notes which draw no in
terest t snail glve place to interest-bearing
int^ro R X- a r that the banks ma >' collect the
interest which f he people now save. To em
52TIH i. ♦ tlollal banks to Issue circulating
"°« 8 *? K«nt a valuable privilege to a
tf™l th« ClaB V v ," ender to private corpora
«onU SSrt C S n ?f? 1 over the volume of paper
money and build up 8 class which will claim
™«« n^TT 68 ! 1 . >" the Nation's financial
policy. Our United States notes, commonly
• .th« .*M green £ acUß ' beln S redeemable in
either gold or silver at the option, of the
Government and not at the option of the
holder are safer and cheaper for the people
National banknotes based upon inteiest
bearing bonds.
The Monroe Doctrine.
A dignified but firm maintenance of the for
eign policy first set forth by President Monroe
and reiterated by the Presidents who have suc
ceeded him, instead of arousing hostility
adroad, is the best guarantee of amicable rela
tions witn other nations. It is better for all
concerned that the United States should resist
any extension of European authority in the
Western Hemisphere rather than invite the
continual irritation which would necessarily
result from any attempt to increase the in
fluence of monarchical institutions over that
portion of America which has been dedicated
to republican government.
-
Pensions.
No nation can afford to be unjust to its de
fenders. The care of tlfose who have suffered
injury in the military and naval service of the
country is a sacred duty. A nation which, like
the United States, relies upon volunteer service
rather than upou a large standing army, adds
to its own security when it makes generous
provision for those who have risked their lives
in its defense and for those who are dependent
upon them.
The Producers of Wealth.
Labor creates capital. Until wealth is pro
duced by the application of brain and muscle
to the resources of this country there is noth
ing to divide among the non-producing
classes of society. Since the producers of
wealth create the Nation's prosperity in time
of peace and deiend the Nation's flag in time
of peril, their interests ought at all times to
be considered by those who stand in official
positions. The Democratic purty has ever
lound its voting strength among those who
are proud to be known as the common people,
aud it pledges itself to propose and enact such
legislation b.s is necessary to protect the
masses in the free exercise of every political
right and in the enjoyment of their just snare
of the rewards of their labor.
Arbitration.
I desire to give special emphasis to the plank
which recommends such legislation as is neces
sary to secure the arbitration of differences
between employers engaged in interstate com
merce and their employes. Arbitration is*iot
a new idea— it is simply an extension of the
court of justice. The laboring men of the
country have expressed a desire for arbitra
tion and the railroads cannot reasonably ob
ject to the decisions rendered by an impartial
tribunal. Society has an interest even greater
than the interest of employer or employe, and
has a right to protect itself by courts of arbi
tration against the growing inconvenience
and embarrassments occasioned by disputes
between those who own the great arteries of
commerce on the one hand and the laborer
who operates them on the other.
Immigration.
While the Democratic party welcomes to the
country those who come with love for our in
stitutions and with the determination and
ability to contribute to the strength and great
ness of our Nation, it is opposed to the dump
ing of the criminal classes upon our shores
and to the importation of either pauper or ron
tract labor to conipe'e with American labor.
Injunctions.
The recent abuses which have grown out of
injunction proceedings have been so emphat
ically condemned by public opinion that the
Senate bill providing lor trial by jury iv cer
tain contempt cases will meet with, general
approval.
Trusts.
The Democratic party is opposed to trusts.
It would be recalcitrant to its duty to the peo
ple of the country If it recojrnized either the
moral or the legal right of these great aggre
gations of wealth to stifle competition, bank
rupt rivals and then prey upon society. Cor
porations are the creatures of the law and they
must not be permitted to pass from under the
control of the power which created them;
they are permitted to exist upon the theory
that they advance the public weal and they
must not be allowed to use their powers for
the public injury,
Kailroads.
The right of the United States Government
to regulate interstate commerce cannot be
questioned, and the necessity for the vig
orous exercise of hat right is becom
ing more and more imperative. The in
terests of the whole people require such
an enlargement of the powers of the
Interstate Commerce Commission as will
enable It to prevent discrimination between
persons and places and protect patrons from
unreasonable charges.
noitic Railroads.
The Government cannot afford to discrim
inate between its debtors and must, theretore,
prosecute its legal claims against the Pacific
rftilroads. Such a policy is necessary for the
protection ot the rights of the patrons as well
as for the interests of the Government.
Cuba.
The people of the United States, happy in the
enjoyment of the blessings of free government,
feel a generous sympathy toward all wno are
endeavoring to secure like b essings for them
selves. This »ympathy, while respecting all
treaty obligations, is especially active and
earnest when excited by the struggling: of
neighboring peoples, who, like the Cubans, are
near enough to observe the workings of a Gov
ernment which derives all its authority from
the consent of the governed.
The Civil Service.
That the people are not in favor of life tenure
in the civil service is evident from the fact
that they, as a rule, make frequent changes in
their official representatives when those rep
resentatives are chosen by ballot. A perma
nent office-holding class is not in harmony
with our institutions. A fixed term in ap
pointive offices, except where tho Federal con
stitution now provides otherwise, would open
the public service to a larger number of citi
zens without impairing its efficiency.
Territories.
The territorial form of government is tem
porary in its nature and should give way as
soon as the Territory is sufficiently advanced
to take its place among the States. New Mex
ico and Arizona are entitled to statehood and
their early admission is demanded by their
material and political interests. The demand
of the platform that officials appointed to ad
minister the government of the Territories
the District of Columbia and Alaska should
be bona fide residents of the Territories or
district is entirely in keeping with the Demo
cratic theory of home rule. lam also heartily
in sympathy with the decoration that all pub
lic lands should be reserved for establishment
of free homes for American citizens.
Waterways.
The policy c! improving the great waterways
of the country is justified by the National char
acter of those waterways and the enormous
tonnage .borne upon them. Experience has
demonstrated that continuing appropriations
are in the end more economical than single
appropriations separated by long intervals.
The Tariff.
It is not necessary to discuss the tariff ques
tion at this time. Whatever may be the indi
vidual views of citizens as to the relative mer
its of protection and tariff reform, ail must
recognize that until the money question is
fully and finally settled the American people
will not consent to tho consideration of any
other important question. Taxation presents
a problem which vi some form is continually
present, and a postponement of definite action
upon it Involves no sacrifice of personal opin
ion or political principles; but the crisis pre
sented by financial conditions cannot be post
poned.
Tremendous results will follow the action
taken by the United States on the money
question, and delay is impossible. The people
of this Nation, silting as a high cuurt, must
render judgment in the cause which greed is
prosecuting against humanity. The decision
will either give hope and inspiration to those
who toil or "shut the door of mercy on man
kind." In the presence of this overshadowing
issue differences of opinion upon minor ques
tions must be laid aside, so that there may be
united action among those who are determined
thai, progress toward a universal gold stan
dard shall be stayed and the gold and silver
coinage of the constitution restored.
W. J. Bryan.
BUSY MAJOR McKISLEY.
Delegation* Are 'Pouring in Upon Him
From Every Section.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept, ". 9.— Major Me-
Kinley has been engaged all day in the
not unfamiliar work of writing speeches.
He is to bo visited by ten delegations the
latter part of this week, and 'it. seems' 4 '
likely that he will have to make separate
addresses to each of them. The arrival of
the delegation of Vermonters at 9 o'clock
Friday morning is looked forward to with
uncommon interest. Arrangements are
being made for the Republican meeting to
be held here on the lSth of September. It
is the purpose of the managers to have
this meeting the largest political gather
ing ever assembled in this country. Dele
gations not only from most of the counties
in Ohio are expected, but large numbers
of visitors are said to be : coming from
Pennsylvania, Michigan, Indiana, Ken
tucky and West Virginia. The speakers
who have finally been fixed upon are:
Senators Thumon and Cullom, Governor
Hastings of Pennsylvania, and Congress-^
man McCleary of Minnesota. Governor
A. S. Bushneil of Ohio is to be the presi
dent of the day.
A local evening paper prints to-night
interviews with Republicans from abont
one-half the counties in Ohio. The trend
of opinion is tbat the Republican ma
jorities in Republican counties will be
largely increased, and that the sound
money Democrats will everywhere out
number the free-silver Republicans.
A STRAW VOTE IN NEBRASKA.
■
jorltij of About SOOO.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 9.— William R.
Dawson, a business man of Lincoln, Nebr.,
has sent to headquarters the
result of a non-partisan and extensive
canvass of the country towns aud sur
rounding rural region of Nebraska, omii
ting Douglass aim Lancaster counties,
where Omaha and Lincoln are situated.
Ihe inquiries were sent out in circular
form to business men of good standing in
the country towns, irrespective of politics,
and there was nothing in tne heading of
the circulars to sbow for whom the report
was desired, or in the circular to disclose
tlie politics of the wiiter.
Fifty-seven country towns reported. In
the country surrounding these towns the
percentage was as follows: Forty-six for
McKinley and fifty- four for Bryan. In the
country towns the percentage was: Fifty
six for McKinley ana forty-four for Brvaii
Aational Committeeman Charles" G
Dawes. a cousin of the circular writer'
sa:d he took these hsrures to indicate a
majority of at least 8000 in Nebraska for
McKinley.
HOW SECRETARY L AMONT STAXDS.
la for Sound Money and Jim rote for
Palmer and liuckner.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 9.-The
following telegram, addressed to-day by
Hon. Daniel S. Lamont, Secretary of War,
to Mr. Bynuru, explains thoroughly Colo
nel Lamont' s position on the political
issues now pending:
Washington, D. c.. September 9, 1896
Hon. William D. Bynura, Chairman: I regret
that I am unable to accept tae invitation of
your committee to be present at the notifica
tion of Senator John M. Palmer and Governor
Simon B. Buckner of their nomination by the
National Democratic party for President ana
Vice-Presideut of the United States.
Tiie outcome of the Indianapolis convention
in candidates and platform is inspiring to
every Democrat who refuses to abandon the
principles established by the fathers and stead
fistly maintained with pride and honor, and
who declines to adopt the new and strange
creed proclaimed in a moment of delirium at
Chicago, and promptly recognized and ratified
as its own by the Populist party at St. Louis
I prefer to keep the old faith and remain a
Democrat, and shhll accordingly cast my vote
for Palmer and Buckner.
DANiiiL S. Lamont.
MAN LEY FIGURES ON MAINE.
Say* the Republican* Are Safe for 18,
000 to %0,000 Majority.
AUGUSTA, Me., Sept. 9.— The Republi
can State Committee held its third can
vass of the State, and Chairman Manley
has given a summary of the result to a re-
Dorter. He saya:
"We will get from 78,000 to 80,000 vote*
of the Republican party. "We do not
count on a total vote of more than 140,000,
which would be about 7000 less than the
nuraher thrown in the great greenback
year of 1880. We count, the combinea op
position to tne Republican ticket at 60,
-000; that is, we say the Democratic vote
may be 60,000, thus allowine ourselves a
safe majority of from 18,000 to 20,000 votes
as the number from which we shall win."
Mr. Manley said he did not figure on the
fold Democrats, and that it was impossi
ble to tell how they would vote.
MONTANA REPUBLIC AN S.
Silver Men Capture the Organisation, of
the state Convention.
HELENA, Mont., Sept. 9.— The Repub
lican State Convention met this afternoon.
The test of strength of the silver and gold
forces came on the selection of temporary
chairman. The silver men won by a ma
jority of fifty. There are many contests
and the convention will not be organized
before to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAT.
•••••••••••••••••••••••A
I Per*. Gail Border. |
§ infant Eagle Brand
S Food Condensed Milk S
• "Infant Health," Is a little book of •
• great value that is sent Free on appli- •
• cation. . •
S N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. I
• 71 Hudson Street, Hew York •
•••••••••••••••••••••••a
A BABY !
vo'jp^ak Although an unwel-
f]fj/fir^^\ come visitor in many a
*ml(j ~kr»v household, there are
TO J&^W thousands of wives
*%v -jH™A praying for the priv-
jMv)jjoTnS' ilege of motherhood.
J^ aW'j'n' There are thousands of
s»^p|i|^gj2ts husband longing for
*** ** ' an offspring.
A baby! How many sacred unions it
has cemented 1 How many a couple it has
saved from the divorce courts !
The great specialist, Doctor Cook, is an
expert on sterility- He Is an expert on
female complaints of every character.
Dr. Cook also restores lost or failing
manhood to men of all ages, and removes,
from them every symptom of weakness.
Sexual diseases of every name and nature
positively cured ; also diseases of all in-
ternal organs.
The worst cases solicited, and perfect
cures guaranteed.
If you cannot call, write. Tell every-
thine. Mail treatment always satisfac-
tory. Office hours 9t012 a. m.. 2to 5 and
7 to 8 p. m. ; Sundays/from 10 to 12 a.m.
only. Address
nflP.Tflß fiflflK 865 MARKET STREET,
UUU lUn UUUtA, San Francisco, Cal.
COUGHS AND COLDS
ELI'S I^JfEOLA BALSAM Is a sure Rem-
edy for coughs, colds, sore throat and for asthma.
Ill "l'ff >AfJ~ '^ II soothes. • quickly
\\Hi!rs£Z§s^^ abates the coach and
Ji^^Pi feToXSIMPTIYES
J*MBS*iSIV'BS ■vvill invariably d*.
HffSTtf \ lWliM W*jß^iJ rive benefit from its
HPlYwSStfm^i^B^ Use ' (an 7 wbo SU P*
flf ; rSji^ltOjsffljsi^ consumption are only
fia 35p^ii*s§s323SilF chronic cold or deep-
{SwsS»^s{^^^i2^fe»sa seated cough, often
I\vCvN|Spr»Sr*S??ss' axKravated by ca-
L»\\ XSJ* ■ tarrh. For catarrh
xisa Ely's Cream Bairn, .Both remedies are pleasant
to use. Cream Balm, 60c per bottle; Pineola Bal-
■am. 25c. Sold by Druggists.
_Bl.y BROTH.EBS. 66 Warren St., New YorH.
(graf?9Dß. HALL'S RELWIGORATO&
X*»=*«! THIS SECRKT REMEDY stops
BOsT Ek all losses in 24 hours. Restores
7 '- ■<•>-.. I Manhood, Enlarges Small Organs,
THIS SECRET REMEDY stops
all losses Iv 24 hours. Restores
Manhood, Knlurgcs Small Organs,
hSM ESS cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico-
pSKj fmi cele, Goaorrhcea. Gleet, Fits, Stric-
lijLJ it'l* tures, Blood Disease and all wasting
{713 PjS effects of self- Abuse or K.ice.sse
Esua3BH£a Scut sealed, $2 per bottle, TURKU
BOTTLES, $s: ' guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
All private diseases Quickly cored.- Bend for
tree book.STOCKTON'S
GALA DAY
Continued from Flrtt Page.
mass. While the craft were maneuvering
belore the applauding multitude rockets,
colored lights and other pyrotechnics were
set off from points of vantage, bringing out
in bold relief the foliage along the edges of
the water and the moving masses on the
banks above.
The water carnival was the crowning
glory of the celebration, and gave the vis
itors the greatest possiole enjoyment.
This was evidenced by the fact that they
lingered for hours after the grand march
of the Admission day ball had been called
in the pavilion, and the floating ballrooms
and concert-halls were still giving a ro
mantic touch to the channel long after
midnight.
Late in the evening the grand ball was
opened in the pavilion. Most of the Na
tive Sons and Daughters and their friends
were present and lingered well into the
wee snia' hours. Several dances were also
given by the different parlors, of which
that held by Oakland and Stanford parlors
was the most prominent.
PARADE OF THE NATIVES.
Streets of the Hospitable Mill City
Threaded by a Magnificent
Pageant.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 9.— The parade
started shortly after 11 o'clock. The hrst
two divisions were devoted to notables in
carriages, the marshal and his assistants,
the military escort and the Exempt Fire
men. Following Marshal H. R. McNoble
were Governor James H. Budd and staff,
General M. W. Muller and staff, Colonel J.
J. Nunan and staff and Major GusG. Grant
and staff. The First Battalion of the Sixth
Regiment, preceded by the Sixth Regi
ment band, followed. Several bicyclists
dressed in white and mounted upon white
flyers escorted the Exempt Firemen and
Mexican War Veterans. The thinness of
the ranks of the latter was evidenced by
the fact that they could muster only one
busload. The Pioneers showed more
strongly. Three carriages were taxed to
their utmost capacity to hold the sur
vivors of the darinsr men of '49 who
founded the glorious Golden State.
The City Council and other municipal
officers of Stockton in carriages were fol
lowed by the Exempt Firemen of the
Siate. The aged tire-fighters of San Fran
cisco and Oakland were accompanied by
their owu musicians. Their gay red shirts
at once caught the eyes of the onlookers,
and their appearance was always the sig
nal for a round of applause. The veterans
marched sturdily and well. In the ranks
were men from Oakland, San Francisco
and Stockton.
The parlors of the Native Sons and
Daughters composed the divisions num
bered from 3to 10. Marshal Eugene F.
Bert had charge of the third division,
which was headed by Golden Gate mili
tary band, accompanying Mission Parlor
No. 38 of San Francisco. The banner of
the parlor was mounted upon bicycle
wheels and trundled by a ha f-dozen little
girls, all dressed in white. The vanguard
of the parior was composed of eight trou
badours, whose silent guitars hung use
lessly from the gay ribbons by which they
were attached to the shoulders of the
bearers. The imitation singers made up,
however, for their lack of music by the
lustiness of their cheers. They led the
outbreak whenever a passing parlor or a
group of friends gave the opportunity to
Mission 38 to make the welkin ring with
the sound of its voices.
San Francisco No. 49, a couple of whose
leading members were harnessed to a
little wagon with wooden wheels, such as
our fathers used to make for us to haul
dirt in when we wore pinafores, presented
n pleasing appearance. The members
were dressed in uniform of negligee shirt
and dark trousers and carried Japanese
parasols. Seated in the little wagon were
three urchins, whose ardor was not at all
abated by the hot rays of the sun, which
beamed down upon their unprotected
Leads.
Oakland's representatives marched in
the fourth division, to the splendid music
of the Presidio band. Stanford Parlor
No. 76, whose members delegated the work
of carrying their standards to six giant
men of color, was not uniformed, beyond
the fact that they all wore tennis shoes,
carried canes and wore Fedora straw hats.
Nevertheless they presented a wonderfully
neat and attractive appearance. The gen
tlemen from the Athens of America were
not afraid of having their raiment spoiled
by dust and dirt, and one and all wore
their Sunday clothes. High standing col
lars and laundered shirt fronts may not
be conducive to personal comfort when
marching in a hot sun, but they certainly
impressed the beholders with their neat
ness, particularly after so many negligee
costumes had been seen.
Eden Parlor No. 52 of San Francisco,
marched in columns of fours, two men
and two women composing each rank.
Ail were attired in white and carried
white umbrellas. Rincon Parlor No. 72,
also from SSan Francisco, was also dressed
in wbite and the members were dis
tinguished from their confreres by the fact
that they wore tourist hats of a peculiar
style.
California Parlor No. 1, whose members
too were dressed in white, carrying the
omnipresent Japanese parasol, s lowed up
well, as did Buena Vista Parlor, whose
members marched each with a lady-Jove,
sister or female friend. Golden Gate Par
jar No. 29 aiso made a pleasing appear
ance.
O«ki»nd Parlor No. 50, Native Daughters,
marched and formed a Maltese cross. The
fair dauchters of the City of Churches
were attired in white, with trimmings of
orange hue. They were followed by
Athens Parlor No. 195, which mu*tered
about 100 men. They were dressed in
white linen coats, tennis trousers, negligee
shirts and straw bats, the monotony of
the white being relieved by vivid yellow
streamers, which floated from the tops of
the white silk umbrellas which they car
ried. They also wore belts of the same
warm snade. Yerba Buena Parlor No. 84,
Bay City No. 104 and Niantiu No. 105 com
pjeted the four;h division.
The liftb division was probably the star
of the parade. Most of those who marched
under the direction of Marshal W. M.
Hendersou hailed from the Capital City.
They were preceded by the Sacramento
Militant band, which preceded Sacra
mento Parlor, No. 3. Dark-blue coats of
serge, on which large white buttons, ar
ranged in double rows, showed promi
nently, white linen trousers, straw hats and
white umbrellas, completed me neatest
uniform of the parade. The members
each wore a Prince of Wales reef at the
bottom of their trousers legs, A small
division of the Capital City Wheelmen
followed their neighbor* on foot.
. National City Parlor No. 118, in uniform
. NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
s^~? ' Green ■■■■'■ * y—r^^ There's
J4 J& g Have stamped them- gk jjy THE
I L^il selves indelibly upon s%
tt* mwarmi dl I%A '& the minds of the uuy- w^mm^^^S^z wkW^^^. /w j<a/\^
fl P-J"^ V"VI LM yffik ing public. Ipa \ fl"3Ljf,)|Jl fw fjs j| VJI WWII.
/ Pjla/ /F^l pV" goods, brand new Fall and »^/F A m/ it^ W//I dangling throughout the
m' I 2^^ \ *5^ 9%^A \ 7h° n6SS buy infer 'o t^if Jill I $$ W goods are Green Tagged, but
W I jf feu Bw \ \ $5 on a suit ; when mothers I j\ l | W \ M the Big Store not only leads in
I /f £# M^ obi /^J can save from $2 to $3 on their I/ \\ W Fashions, but names prices
L ia if * Nir Hr y/ yf children's clothes without i C. * I If / that no other house can, will or
ft^^y ■ f^^ at HflJir / a'w\ ; 7' J^r ? n^ o /i™^* -:+ /CH =—<- m\ l& the Coast to name prices
mmTTA f * \ V^a * / >—^ — equally as low as ours and at
ygfigg > . t// f ' WW (^ '/ / i 'f™" 511121 ™ r sairie f> />)( ' f° r &s high-
K&^m 7%/f — • ' s* IVT-rwm*^ HflV Jr^ I S m class merchandise as we offer.
fflsriw jnff »'- I'lvli i 1 w w gy '/ ti« 9
** ■ *' ii £& v~^ i % s? "^ 1 * JML fJ £m x* * C- 1 1
111/fikwS^ 5l I IS™ fa^ In 1 1 j t q /B Overcoats
*^J ?||. flg pi^fca Sfi 1\ cp  , / New Fall and Winter Fash-
I a\ 1 I / In Blues, Blacks, English \ \ I m"^""* ' " " i£ This season we devote two en-
I, i }bM ■/ Plaids and neat Mixtures, all \ tire floors to Overcoats— 29,4-00
/ ■ ft \ \ I I Pure Wool Fabrics, I j«\ I square feet. We're known as
J 8 ■ si a / st~ IHHRt \ i£9Bb —^— — — — — — — — — — .
li6ht. We challenge any house -—-—^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^memm^m cS^Sf"*
RAPHAEL'S RAPHAEL'S^
aNOORPORATBD), (INCORPORATED),
CDICPO'C PDC ATCOT PF HTUICDO 'J.'Jt=M.JE3 ij'JttlSCO BOY'O
Q nn FRISCO'S GREATEST CLOTH.ERJ [ q 11,-I^aAd IS Keamv St.
;*:- ©, 11, 13 ana 15 earii37' Street. I two entire buildings-eight floors.
of black, with orange trimmings, was next
in line. Whenever they stopped they
created a sensation. Every member car
ried a cane, in the head of which was fixed
an apparatus, which, when set in motion,
produced a noise resembling the croak of
a frog. When exercising the croakers, the
members industriously gazed at the house
tops, so that it took the onlookers seve
ral minutes to determine whence the
noise came. The Capital boys are well up
in foot movements, and showed to the de
lighted spectators a number of fancy ex
ercises and evolutions. Hesperian Parlor
No. 137, whose members, dressed in white,
were accompanied each by a lady, was the
rear guard of the division.
The sixth division was led by Sequoia
Parlor and its band. The Sequoians were
dressed in red and white and wore Turkish
caps of carmine hue. They also were
accompanied on their travels through
Stockton's streets by the ladies of their
choice, who, robed in white and shaded
by Japanese parasols, bravely underwent
the fatigue of the three hours' march.
Precita Parlor No. 187, accompanied by a
drum corps and neatly attired, preceded
the float of the Goddess of California.
This float was one of the most beautiful
in the parade. Drawn by four white
horses, it represented a conch shell, in the !
center of which was seated Miss Cordelia
Kerrick, daughter of County Treasurer
Kerrick, and one of Stockton's reigning
beauties. The shell was supposed to be
floating in smooth water, drawn by two
swans, driven by a tiny tot, whose infant
hand held bright ribbons to guide the
pretty fowls.
The Capital City Drum Corps, composed
of twenty-five men and a small boy, es
corted California Parlor No. 22 of the Na
tive Daughters. The Jadies were attired
in white and carried parasols of the same
cool color. Dixon Parlor No. 60, whose
members were tastefully dressed, nad with
them a colored mascot w!;o proudly held
aloft the banner of the organization. An
Uncle Sam costume of red and white ver
tical stripes adorned his muscular frame.
Sunset Parlor No. 26 followed Dixon Par
lor, and its members were attired as were
their predecessors.
General Winn Parlor No. 32, accom
panied by the Antioch Silver Cornet band,
occupied a post of honor in the seventh
division. Its members carried tin bear
flass, which they rattled as they marched.
Byron Parlor No. 170, Brooklyn Parlor No.
151 and Halcyon No. 146 were pleasingly
uirformed. They preceded the San Fran
cisco Naval Battalion, the lads of which
marched with military precision, drag
ging after them two Hotchkiss rifles. They
mustered forty five men.
The Amador County parlors led the
eighth division. All were uniformed in
white and marched in couples, a man and
a woman. Their costumes were relieved
by yellow streamers. A float representa
tive of the products of Amador County
followed its living representatives. A
miner at work under a rock, on which
stood a life-bized grizzly bear, was at the
rear of the float, while banked in front
were fruits and other agricultural products
of San Joaquin's neighbor county. Presidio
Parlor No. 194 was fol owe 1 by Tuo umne
Parlor No. 144. A number of the Tuolumne
natives were in a wagon, on the sides of
which were draped strips of canvas on
which was painted, "Tuolumne is with
you. Thirty miles from a railroad. No
apologies."
The miners from Sonora were next in
line, a littie company they, but a brave
one. With their burros and their packs,
their tin cooking utensils, their blankets,
their big revolvers and their patched rai
ment i he Scnorans were greeted with
applause all along the line. Piedmont
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
Jo the Native Daughters
>jjjji^gfSfc HEN California wrought her royal crown of gold —
vJK«iP^B& s ' ie wou 'd award unto the best
dSIR^SSf Of all her broad and loyal land should hold,
Huy^r&Ssl c "'^ wherewith her own proud fame should rest —
She took the footprints of the pioneers,
She took the sound of battle, and the strength
Of manhood measured with the iron length
Misfortune stretched for them across the years.
She took the whispering sighs of pines that shake
Their needles down on graves lost in the wake
Of time. She took the heart-sick patience and the tears
Of women waiting, waiting, waiting for their loved
That came not back. And then, the sacredness,
The permanency of her statehood laid
Upon the shrine of sacred things. Of these she made
Her crown; and wrote around its shining crest,
"The Native Daughters of the Golden West."
Madge Morris Wagner.
Parlor No. 87, Native Daughters, preceded
by the Oakland City band, each member
accompanied by two male escorts, was the
cynosure of ali eyes as the ninth division
came into view. They were followed by
Eden Parlor No. 113 accompanied by its
band. Los Politas Parlor No. 96 of Liver
more, Alameda No. 47, Napa No. 62, San
Jose No. 22 and Observatory Parlor No .177
brought up the rear of the ninth division.
The tenth, and last division, contained
all of the local organizations in line.
Veritas Parior No. 75 of the Native Daugh
ters and Yosemite Parlor No. 21 of the
Native Sons marched together. They, too,
wore the prevailing uniform of white and
yellow, and led off the last division.
The Stockton Native Daughters were led
by Mrs. Ella H. Homage, Mrs. J. W. Ker
rick Jr., Mrs. J. I. Heffernan, Miss Anita
Leadbetter, Miss Utt and Mrs. Mapes, on
horseback. Joaquin Parlor of Native
Daughters, its members robed in white,
followed, preceding a float labeled, "Stock
ton—lBso to 1896," emblematic of the prog
ress the Mill City has made during that
period. The members of Stockton Parlor
No. 7, Native Sons, attired in white duck,
with small vertical stripes of black, and
carrying parasols of the carnival colors,
roomed up in splendid shape. They turned
out probably the largest number of men
of any one parlor, and, next to the Sacra
mento delegation, presented, as a whole,
the best appearance. Following the Stock
tonites were the members of other parlors
of San Joaquin County.
At the extreme end of the parade were a
number of burlesquers, in feminine attire,
preceded by a target, on which was
painted: "We Were Not Born in Cali
fornia."
MUSIC AND SPEECHES.
Grand Orator Frank Matttson Ad-
dresses the Natives In Yo
semite Theater.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 9. — Imme
diately after the parade the literary ex
ercises began at Yosemite Theater. There
was a good attendance, notwithstanding
the fact that the sightaeers were tired and
most of them were hungry. Ritzau's band
rendered a selection, and at its conclusion
Grand Marshal Nutter, in a f w brief sen
tences, introduced Henry C. Qesford, the
grand president, who coneratulated the
city on the reception it had given to the
Native Sons. Frank H. Dunne, past
president, invoked the divine blessing
A quartet, consisting of Messrs.
Elliott, Brueek, Lane and Parker, Bang
"Forty-nine." A snort address of wel
come was delivered by Mayor Baggs, to
which Grand President Gestord responded.
Grand Orator Frank Mattison of Santa
Cruz delivered the annual oration. He
said in part:
Pioneers, Native Sons and Daughters, Ladies
and Gentlemen: Amid the scenes of rejoicing
that to-day surround us, amid the sounds of
joyful music and the mingled huzzas of thou
sands of voices, amid the warm greetings and
open-handed hospitality of the gathered sons
»nd daughters of our great State, it is perhaps
well that we should pause for a few moments
to consider the meaning of all this rejoicing
and reflect upon the events that have made
this grand celebration possible. Less than a
half century ago this great State of ours, an
empire in itself, was a veritable terra incog
nita.
But hidden within our silent mountain
fastnesses was the yellow metal for which men
even endanger their souls, and its discovery
acted as the magician's wan<l to transpose this
scene of pastoral beauty to one teeming with
the fevered life of the miner. The news of the
discovery of gold, like an electric shock, set the
world artre. Throughout the East the me
cbauic at his bench, the blacksmith at his
anvil, the farmer at his plow, the clerk behind
his desk, the professional man in his office,
the merchant in his counting-room, all caught
the "gold fever" and began preparations to
journey to the "New El Dorado."
The men who sat out on that journey either
by the weary way across the trackless prairiee
and deserts or by the longer oceanic route
"around the Horn" were no ordinary men. It
took more than ordinary courage, pluck and
endurance to enter upon a journey to an uu
known land requiring months for its comple
tion and the facing of untold danger ere its
consummation. These men were the pick of
the flower and chivalry of the East; men will-
Ing to endure any hardship and cope with any
difficulties to better their condition— not from
sordid desire to accumulate wealth, nor from
love of gain, but from a laudable ambition to
acquire a competency for themselves and
families. There were few impecunious adven
turers within their ranks. Each had to be
possessed of sufficient means wherewith to
equip himself for the journey, and for such
equipment no small amount was required.
True it is, as must necessarily have been the
case, there was a sprinkling of adventurers,
gamblers and the outcasts of society among
them— men who lived by preying on their
iellows, and who journeyed to the new gold
fields to ply their unholy calling, but these
were few in qumber. The great mass of the
pioneers, as their lives and conduct afterward
demonstrated, were men of the strictest honor
and integrity.
Never had any State such founders as ours.
As the Pilgrim Fathers, who landed on Plym
outh Rock, left their impress on the civiliza
tion of New England— an impress felt until
this day, and probably apparent for all time
so the pioneers founded here a distinctive
Western civilization, which we. their sons and
daughters, are determined to perpetuate.
If too much cannot be saia in eulogy of our
pioneer fathers, what shall we say of those few
brave women who rather than separate trom
husband or family, sharing in the desire to
better their condition, journeyed with them
through barren wilds and trackless deserts to
this fair land? Kthe tongue halts for language
in praise of the hardihood and intrepidity of
our pioneer fathers, it fails entirely in com
mendation of the brave spirit of our pioneer
mothers.
Let us now glance for a moment at the
events that led up to the admission oi the
Btate of California Into the Union. Previous
to the discovery of gold at Coloma in 1848,
only a very few Americans had settled in Cal
ifornia. These were generally hunters and
trappers, discharged or deserting sailors, or
other adventurous spirits who had drifted
into this new country simply because it was
new. The semicentennial celebration held re
cently of the raising of the Bear flag at Sonoma
on Juue 14. 1846, and the raising of the Ameri
can flag at Monterey on July 7 of the same
year, are fresh in our memory and have done
much to attract attention to the American
spirit of patriotism that prevailed among the
earliest of California's pioneers. The revolt
of which the raising of the Bear flag was the
consummation was caused by the decree of
Cammander-General Castro that a stop must
be put to the immigration of American fami
lies and that those already here should b_>
driven out.
After gaining considerable itrength the
Bear-flag movement was dissolved through the
influence of General Fremont and some of the
naval officers stationed at San Francisco, just
two days before the raising of the American
flag at Monterey by Commodore Sloat on July
7, 1846. Indicating the acclaim with which
that event was hailed by the pioneers. Com
modore Montgomery of the sloop -of -war
Portflmouth, then ia San Franoisco Bay, wrote
to Commodore Sloat on Juiy 11, four days
later, that the American flag was waving not
only over Yerba Buena but throughout the
whole country from there north to Sutter's
Fort, and th*t it had been hailed everywhere
with satisfaction on account of the protection
it promised to persons and property.
The Mexican War, begun just previous to
this event, placed California safe within the
protecting arms of the United States Govern
ment Let us now consider the manner in
which the thousands of immigrants who came
into California after the discovery of gold in
1848 conducted themselves, with a view of
observing the intense spirit of patriotism and
love of country that influenced their actions.
Remember, they were far away from home
and kindred, and the influence of the staid
manners and customs of older communities.
Woman, with her gentle and restraining in
fluence, was not among them. They were in a
country having no local government, as ap-
plied to particular localities, yet of themselves I
they devised and enforced laws for their own
government— wise, effective and efficient. Not
withstanding the mad rush ot hundreds to
some newly discovered '•diggings," and the
absence of any law as to the size or possession
of claims, they arranged ail of these matters
without quarrel or difficulty of any nature.
Order, justice and courtesy reigned supreme.
Patches of a few square feet of ground, teemi ng
with the yellow metal for which eacu individ
ual in the camp was striving, were as sacred,
held by mutual consent, as though possessed
by letters patent or held by title deeds.
In no community were people more charita
ble or generous. Nowhere was there less
crime. In hundreds of instances sick, disa
bled and broken-down miners were returned
to their Eastern homes Dy their fellow-miners
with a sufficient "stake" giveu them to keep
want and hunger from their door for many
days. As the population increased, the ne
cessity for a better form of government be
came apparent, and, pursuant to the call of
Governor Riley, the constitutional convention
met at Colton Hall in Monterey, September 1,
1849. The result of the labors of that conven
tion was a constitution better than any of the
other thirty State constitutions then in ex
istence. At the election on November 13 fol
lowing, the constitution was adopted by an
almost, unanimous vote of the people, and on
DecemDer 15 the first Legislature under that
constitution met at San Jose and proceeded in
the framing of laws for the new State yet to
be. For over three months the Legislature
remained in session, and some of the wisest
legislation ever enacted was the result of their
labors. No member of that Legislature had
the collar of the railroad round his neck, or
was there to obey the behest of any political
boss. The people of the State of California
would have fared much belter had other later
Legislatures taken this one for a model and
labored with equal zeal solely tor the good of
the State.
Then began the wrangle as to the proper
boundaries for California and whether or not
If admitted she should be a free or a slave
State; Clay, Webster, Calhoun, Seward and
other great statesmen engaging in the debate.
Gwin, Fremont, Wright and Gilbert, the Sena
tors and Representatives from California, were
knocking at the doors of Congress for admis
sion, that they might enter and take their
seats. Over the admission of no other State
has there ever been such a contention, but
finally the prayer of California was granted/
and on the 9th of September, 1850, the bill
admitting her to statehood was signed by Pres
ident Fillmore. Of the effect this action had
on the history of the Nation the nistorian of the
future may tell us much. Without the aid of
California and her millions of gold who can
tell what the issue of the rebellion might have
been? Of the internal struggles contended
with, of the frustrated attempts to hand the
new State over to the South, I have not time to
speak.
BEAUTY ON THE WATER
Stockton Channel and McLeods
Lake Gorgeously Illuminated
at Night.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 9.— To-night
fully 15,000 people lined the banks of
Stockton Channel and McLeods Lake and
filled the hundreds of water craft that
floated on the water. The scene was like
one in fairyland. Never in the history of
any interior city has such a display been
made. From the waters of the lake and
channel the courthouse, with its thousand
incandescent colored lights, looked like a
brilliant crown, and the huge tower at the
junction of the lake and channel was
lighted with hundreds ot similar lights in
red and blue.
From the courthouse square rocKets and
bombs were sent up every few minutes,
and from a barge on the north bank of
Stockton channel hundreds of rockets and
fancy pieces were set off, until the air was
filled with one blaze of colored light.
From the mills on the south bank of the
same body of water another stand for tire
works had been placed, and here rockets
and candles were sent into midair, with
their stars and globes of falling light all
tending to make the scene above as bril
liant as that upon the water.
Thousands of dollars had been spent on
the laaterna and lights that clotted and
filled the space on the water. Along the
banks of the channel and on tae shores
of McLeods Lake had been strung
myriads of Japanese lanterns, and on the
water the river craft and the many
launches and boats that had been brought
here for this occasion were so beautifully
decorated that even those who had seen
every water carnival before held in the
State were astonished at the lavish dis
play that had been arranged by the car*
nival committee.
Along the south bank of the channel
were the schooners and yachts. They
lined the banks from the sheds of the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company westward to the limits of the
procession on the water. Steamers and
barges were also stationed along this bank
and at intervals huge calcium lights il
luminated the scene.
On the water the picture by nieht was
the most brilliant. Small boats, all decked
with colored lanterns and lights, flitted in
and out. The larger launches and barges
and catamarans were tilled with bevies of
pleasure-seekers and garbed from stem to
stern with every lighting device known.
As the procession wound in and out on
the water, the waiting crowds began
cheering and the cannonading began on
shore. Salutes were fired to the American
flag that was run up on the electric-light
tower at the entrance of McLeod's Lake
and then the procession moved.
The launch that carried Major Frank
Lane and bis friends was one oi the most
beautifully decorated in the line of march.
Changing eiectric-light effects in various
designs had been placed on top of this,
and it towed a large barge that had been
floored over for dancing. While the barge
went down the stream and back again the
band on board discoursed dance-music and
the guests waltzed beneath the blue,
starry skies that were filled with rocket
and redlights.
A number of very attractive floats had
been prepared, but tne chief attention had
been given to the general effect, and this
was most pleasing to the thousands of
people who gathered to witness the dis
play.
Ail along the banks were stations where
red and blue fare was kept burning during
the evening. The boats were so numerous
that it would be useless to attempt to give
an accurate description of each. As they
passed and repassed, turning in and out
along the waters of the channel, the scene
was one that will never be forgotten by
those who witnessed it. Schooners were
lighted from decKs to topmasts; tugs and
launches were trimmed with Japanese
lanterns, while others added red and blue
lire, burned in the bows, to the general
effect.
On one of the floats was a fair daughter
of Stockton, who posed beneath a canopy
of colored bunting, over which had been
tastefully placed numbers of colored lan
terns. On another a scene from Hades
was depicted, and the barge that carried
it bore the legend. "No Native Sons Dwell
Here."
it was a late hour when it was over, and
then many left to attend the ball in the
pavilion.
34
RACING AT
STOCKTON
Cyclers Compete en Land
and Oarsmen on the
Wateiv
MOTT OF OAKLAND WINS
A WHEEL.
The Speedy Pedaler First in
Both of the Amateur
Events.
LATTKEIS FALL TO MILL CITY
BAEGE CREWS.
Senior and Junior Trophies Captured
by the Lccal Teem in Close
Contests.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. y.— From the
time the Admission day parade was over
until long after 2 o'clock to-day the crowd
continued to pour into Goouwater Grove.
The bicycle races between the crack riders
of the State was the magnet that drew the
people from the streets of the city.
P. R. Mott of the Acme Club carried off
most of the honors, he winning both of
the amateur events handily. Mott made
all bis race in the stretch, laying away
during the first part of the contest. When
he wished he easily drew clear off his
opponents and won with lots to spare.
The mile open race was won by Terrill
of the Bay Citys. The result might have
been different had not a collision occurred
and Osen and Edwards been thrown.
They were poing easily when the accident
occurred. Several other riders were in
the mix up, but none were seriously in
jured.
A half-mile for amateurs was the first
event on the card. Mott (R. A. C.) won
easily from Golinda (A. C.) in 1:19 2-5.
Lefevre (A. C. ) won the second heat from
Hirsch (C. C. W.) in 1:171-5. Craft
(A. C.) captured the third heat, with
Hamlia (C. C. W.) second, in 1:201-5.
Leitcb (C. C. W.) captured the fourth,
with Robinson (P. S. It. C.) in the place.
The time, 1:14, was very creditable. Mott
won the linal as he pieased from Craft,
with Llamlin third. It was simply a loaf
tnjt match, as none of the contestants
would set a pace. Mott won by a length
in 1 :22 1-5.
The first heat of the mile open was de
clared off because of the tactics employed
by the riders. No one seemed willing to
race. Terrill finished first, with Long sec
oud, Edwards third ami Byrne fourth.
The time was 2:35 4-5. Despite the warn
ing of the judges, the second heat was but
a repetition of the first. After the spill
Terrill (B. C. W.) won by a length from
Whitman (I* A. <\), Ackerman (P. W.)
third and Byrne fourth. Time, 2:35.
Mott placed the mile amateur handicap
to his credit. He won the lirst heat from
Webb, I. C. C, in 2:18 4-5. May, an un
attached rider, beat Craft, A. C, in 2:22 2-5
in the second heat, and Smith, A. C, won
the third in 2:18 2-5. The final was a
beautiful race. The riders lay closely
bunched to the last eighth, when Mott
drew clear and without an effort wrested
first position from Wyraan, A. C. (95
yards), who eot the place from Webb,
I. C. C. (90 yards), in 2:18 2-5.
The result of the mile professional han
dicap surprised the knowing ones. It was
the best race of the day and tbe pace «et
was a warm one. Try as he would, the
scratch man could not overtake the lead
ers and Terrill did not finish inside of the
money. Whitman, L. A. C, who started
on the 70-yard mark, lasted long enough
to win from Long, B. C. W., whose handi
cap was 50 yards. Chapman, O. C. W. (90
yards), was third and Ackerman, P. W.
(85 yards), fourth. The time made was
2:14*4-5.
The regatta on Stockton channel this
afternoon was one of the best that has
ever been held on this coast. The pro
gramme was a long one, but the principal
interest centered in the barge races. Long
before 3:30 o'clock, the hour set for start
ing the races, there were thousands of
people along the banks of tne channel, and
by the time Starter John E. Budd sent off
the first racers on the water there were
fully 10,000 people about tbe water's edge
and on the numerous tugs and launches
that plied up and down to watch the vari
ous events.
The first race was the first heat of the
race for outrigger skiffs. S. J. Pembroke
cf the Alameda Rowing Club, Fred Ayres
of the same Club and J. H. Coughlan of
the Dolphins were tr.e starters. Ayres
caught tbe water first and went away in
great style. He was closely pressed by
Pembroke, but the latter fell behind be
fore reaching the stake boat, and Coughlan
made Ayres work thereafter for first place.
Ayres won the heat, with Coughlan sec
ond, in 12:27.
The second heat of this race was as ex
citing as tbe first. The starters were J.
W. Pembroke, C. C. Dennis and George
Phelan. Dennis got away first and was
never headed. He came in an easy win
ner from Phelan in 12:22, but it was evi
dent that Phelan was saving himself for
the final heat.
This was not called nntil after tbe junior
barge race, and the starters were the win
ners of the first and second place in the
trial heats — Ayres, Coughlan, Phelan and
Dennis. Phelan was the first to catch the
water on the start, and after that the
others could not catch him, tho«gh Dennis
made a gallant effort and made the race of
the day in tbe single events. He headed
Phelan for a time and kept in the lead
until within a Jew hundred yards of the
line, when he managed by the very hard
est work to forge a trifle ahead and won
by a very Jew feet, the prow of Dennis'
boat being within an eighth of a boat
length from Phelan'f.
The junior barge race was the third
event on the programme. It proved, de
cidedly interesting, and brought forth
cheer after cheer from the assembled
thousands as the Stockton crew came in a
winner by five-boat lengths from the South"
Ends. The Pioneer crew, which had been
picked up by the knowing ones for the
winner, was not in the race, and finished
lengths behind.
When the word was given by Starter
Budd, tbe Stockton men shot their boat
ahead like a rocket, and after that they
Lad the race their own way. To the stake
boat the South Ends trailed them, but the
new barge of the Athletic Association is
the best one ever seen on the coast for
turning, and the local oarsmen gained full
three-boat lengths on the turn. When
they staightened away, they went sailing
toward the finishing Tine arid won by live
boat iengths in very fast time, making the
distance in Wul7 2-5. There was much
intere-t in this race, and several were
bitterly disappointed that the Pioneers
did not win.
In the race for junior outrigger skiffs
there were three starters in the first heat —
Will Patch of tbe Dolphin Club, F. J.
Wilson of the Ariels and. W. E. Cole of the
University of California. Cole was looked
upon as the winner of this rnce, and j
started well, but after a time showed that j
be was not an experienced oarsman and I
steered a bad course. The other men beat
liim badly, Wilson winning in 12:25 4-5,
with Fred Patch of the Dolphins second.
The event of the day was yet to follow.
This was the senior barge race. There
were three starters in this— the Stockton
(iiants, composed of Tom Carkeek bow, j
, diaries .Spencer forward waist, G. W. ■
Chapman after waist, Carl Davis stroke, !
W. Dolan coxswain; the Pioneers — Fred
Orr bow, George Calloppy forward waist,
1 C. Ochs after waist, J. Clifford stroke, G.
Fitzsimmons coxswain: South Ends —
Harry Uotle bow. Robert Mc-Arthur for
ward waist, Gus Carson after waist, Frank
Dupiissea stroke, George McGrill cox
swain.
j There was considerable delay in pet- j
ting tbe men off on account of the con
duct of the captnin of a steamer. He
blocked the channel for fully a half hour
and it was with difficulty that the mar
shal managed to get him out of the road.
When ttie word was finally given, the
Soutii Ends got away by far the best of
the r-tart. They were a lialf boat length
in advance of the Pioneers anu Giants. !
The Giants were on their metal, and not |
a hundred yards were covered before their
powerful strokes put them on an even |
footing with the South Ender*. Then the
I two crews made a race for the stake boat.
i The Stockton men reached theirs tirst
' and gained on the turn. The South Ends
i were close after them and the race from
the stakeboat to the finishing line was
one of the best ever seen on this coast.
The ores bent like reeds, but under the
powerful stroke of the giants the new boat
I of the local club kept steadily gaining until
within about 500 yards from the finisb
i line.
Tben the South-enders worked in sheer
I desperation, for there were several hun- j
I dred dollars up on them that had been
! wagered by their friends, and they did not
; want to see the championship wrested
1 from them. Ttieir efforts were without
avail, for the big Stockton crew came Id a
boat length ahead after one of the prettiest j
and most exciting finishes that has ever
been seen on any of the waters of this ,
otate. As the local men came m winners j
there were cheers from thousands of 1
throats, and all the whistles on tbe steam- '
ers ana launches that belong here were i
set loose. The time of the winning crew ]
was 9:52.
Next came the senior amgle-sculi event.
The only contestants were Al Brown of
the Stockton Athletic Association and
WilJiam McCansland of the Ariels.
Tbe Ariels had won in the two single 1
events that preceded this and McCausland i
was thought to be the best man on the I
coast, not even excepting Dupiissea, who !
] beat him here last Fourth of July, and so
1 the race was thought by the knowing ones
to be his.
Brown was a surprise to the visitors and |
I to MeCausland. The race was a close one, 1
but the Stockton man managed to win it j
I by a boat length.
The intermediate bargerace was not
pulled off, as the Alameda men refused to
row it. It was almost dark and they did
not care to make the attempt. The race
went by default to the South Ends, who
were ready and willing. The junior single
scull event was not rowed, but will be to
morrow morning. The launchrace is to
take place on the channel.
EARTHLY ANGELS MARRY.
Triple Wedding With Schwein
furth and His Disciples
as the Principals.
Extraordinary Innovation on a Doc
trine That Proclaims for Celes
tial Wedlock Only.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mixn., Sept. 9.— Mary
An:ij Tuttle and J. Schweinfurth were
married here 10-day. She for many years
has presided over his notorious "heaven"
near Rockford, 111., as the leading angel.
The ceremony was performed at the home
of Charles C. Wditney. one of Bcbwein
furth's ardent followers, and the leader's
example was followed by four of his disci
ples in the wedlock of Albert C. Teft to a
sister of Schweinfnrth, and William Wel
don to a Scandinavian girl named Bertha
Oldon. The triple wedding was witnessed
dv the friends and followers of Schwein
furth only. The event is considered ex
traordinary, in that the doctrines of the
sect heretofore liav proclaimed against
earthly marriages. Whether or not a new
section has been added to the faith cannot
be learned.
EX-SENATOR PAYNE DEAD
A Long and Active Business and
Political Life Is Ended
by Paralysis.
Passes Away at His Home in Cleve
land, Ohio, His Son and Daugh
ter Being Present.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 9.—Ex-Sena
tor Payne Oied here to-day at his home,
925 Euclid avenue. His death was directly
due to a stroke of paralysis. His son,
Colonel Oliver H. Payne of New York,
and his daughter, Mrs. Charles Bingham,
the only surviving members of the family,
were at his bedside when he passed away.
Henry B. Payne was born in Madi«on
County, New York, November 00, 1810.
His father Elisha was an early settler and
Judge of the county. The boy was grad
uated from Hamilton College in 1832. He
moved to Cleveland, Ohio, in 1831 and
practiced law there for twelve years. He
was a Presidential elector in 1848, State
Senator in 1849-50, and was defeated for
United States Senator in 1851. In 18">7
Samuel P. Chase defeated him by a slight
majority for Governor. Payne supplanted
Htephen A. Douglas in the Cincinnati
Democratic Convention in 185t< and the
Charleston, S. C, convention in 1960. He
was a Union man during the Civil War.
Since 1862 he had been president of the
Cleveland Sinking Fund Commission, ana
he was for several years president of the
Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati Rail
road Company. He was chairman of the
Ohio delegation to the Baltimore Demo
cratic Convention in 1872, a member of
Congress in 1875-77, cbairman of the House
Committee on the electoral bill and a
member of the Electoral Commission in
187 G. In 1884 he was elected to the United
btates Senate.
SUSPECTS CAVGHT AT MMMO,
Acruted of .. Complicity in the 1010
Count a Train Hold- Up.
RENO, New, Sept. 9.— Tramps, giving
the names of Ralph Harden burg and Ste
phen Flint, have been arrested by officers
here on suspicion of havinc been impli
cated in the recent attempted hold-up
near Sacramento. They were taken out
of a boxcar and appeared very nervous
when arrested. The officers have tele
graphed descriptions of the men to the
Sacramento officials and are awaitin<» a
reply. °
Flint has been recognized as a man
named Flannigan, who served time in the
Nevada penitentiary for killing his sister.
He admits being in Washington, near the
scene of the attempted- hold-up, on the
night of its occurrence. The men are held
here on the charge of vagrancy.
Art* Jerseu Den ocratt.
TRENTON. N. J., Sept. 9.-The Demo
cratic State Convention to-day nominated
Presidential electors instrncted to cast
their votes, if elected, for Bryan and
Bewail.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
ADMISSION DAY
AT SAN DIEGO
Natives of the Southern
Country Gather in
Numbers.
HUNDREDS ON PARADE.
Old Pioneers and Fair Young
Daughters Applauded by
Spectators.
YACHT AND BICYCLE RACES.
Fast Time Made by an Amateur
Wheelman-A Grani Ball
At Night.
BAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 9.— ln, spite of
the fact that Stockton drew thousands of
Native Sons from all parts of California to
her grand celebration of Admission day
there was an immense crowd in San Diego
to attend the demonstration under the
auspices of San Diego Parlor No. IDS,
N. S. G. \V. The day opened fresh and
cool, with a brisk breezu from the Pacific.
Early in the morning crowds began to
form on the principal streets long before
the time had arrived for the great parade
to start. Native Sons were conspicuous in
the crowds and later daring the parade.
They wore uniforms of light tan pongee
blouses, white duck trousers, yellow
sashes, Panama hats, bright Japanese
parasols and large California poppies in
the buttonhole.
With cheering, the clatter of horses and
the shouting of captains the parade
formed at the foot of D street and
marched through the principal streets
and back to the plaza, where the long
column passed before the officers of the
day, the army and National Guard ollicers
and Grand Marshal Horace Bradt. The
order of the procession was as follows:
FIRST DIVISION.
San Diego Wheelmen,
Captain Jackson, 300 men.
Chief of Po'.ice Brenulng with a squad of Mounted
Police.
Grand Marshal Horace liradt and Chief or staff.
l,ieutt-nant 1;. H. Noble, V. S. A., with a staff of
ten Aids.
City Guard Hitud.
Company 11, Flrsf United Htates Infantry, Uen
tenani A. 11. Mania commanding.
Company .B, Seventh Infantry, N. O. C. 54 men,
CaDtaiu It. V. Dodge commanding.
SECOND DIVISION.
Naval Battalion, Lieutenant T. M. Shaw com-
mandmg.
Helntzeiman Post No. 38, CJ. A. R, General Webber
commanding.
Dams E. Coon Post No. 17a, <;. a. R., C C Bailey
commanding.
Boys' Brigade.
United States Army Officers aud others in car
. riages.
THIRD KIVISTON".
Colonel Lew B. Harris and a ]>arty of ten mounted
aids.
Chevalier Division, Uniform Rank, K. of P., Cap
tain K. K. Whitney. •
Canton Patriarchs Militant. L O. O. F., Captain
8. >'. Smith.
Carriages containing Captain Charles C. De radio,
- Captain 11. Burton, Colonel H. K. Arndt and
_ others, officers of the United states
army and Patriarchs Militant. 5 i'
Twenty Pioneers.
Pioneer float.
Fifteen representative Native Daughters, carrying
Japanese parasols.
San Diego Parlor No. 108, Native Sons.
Native Sons float. Eureka, with Miss Hortense
Dunnells as Eureka and Miss Ruth Aubury
. ana Miss Mabel Bradt as little
California popples.
Carriage containing Hon. W. J. Hunsaker, orator
of the day; L. 11. Aubnry, president of the
day, and T. J. Dowel), district deputy.
Carriages containing the chaplain, Captain E. A.
Knapp, and others.
Fire Department.
The literary exercises at the plaza began
at 11 o'clock. The oration was delivered
by the Hon. W. J. llunsakfr of. Los An
geles, one of the many eloquent Native
Sons who have won fame in toe legal pro
fession. His address was a model of good
taste and patriotism. President L. E.
Aubnry also spoke, and was heartily
cheered. There was also a short but in
teresting talk by C. 11. Anderson, who
was with Commodore Stockton at the cap
ture of iionterey on July 7, 184 G.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon an Immense
crowd of wheelmen gathered at Sixth and
J streets, where the boulevard road races
aronnd the bay to Coronado started. There
was a professional and an amateur race,
and an amateur, J. P. Frazee, broke the
record, and beat the best professional, W.
B. Vaughan, by live seconds. Frazee made
the twenty-three miles in 1:04:50, and
Vaughan's time was 1:12:20. The finish
of the professionals was very exciting.
They swept around tne bay in splendid
style, accompanied by a special train on
the Coronado Belt line, filled with sight
seers.
At the finish W. B. Vaugban, J. Jenks
add Oscar Lane were neck and neck,
rushing down the long stretch of beach
like- a whirlwind. Just before reaching
the tape Vaughan shot ahead of his com
petitors and won. Jenks was three sec
onds later and Lane five seconds.
Vaughan's younger brother was in the
amateur race and made a good run,
coming out first in place and seventh in
time. The winning amateur, J. F.
Frazee, made the run in five seconds less
than Emil Ulbiicht, "the Flying Dutch
man," who won the race lastyear over the
same course.
While the bicycle race was in progress
yachts on the bay filled their sails and
sped down before the breeze, with the
cheers of thousands of spectators. The
race was as pretty as anything that ever
I took place on San Diegoßay, though the
| wind was not strong enough during the
latter half of the regatta for fast time.
The yacht Angeline, owned by Captain
Alexander Williamson and sailed by
j Captain Nat Nichols, was an easy winner
I in the lirst class, and the sharpie Louise
came out ahead in her class after an ex
citing contest.
To-night the Native Sons' annual ball
at the Second-street armory drew over a
thousand dancers and spectators.
ARCATA'S HOSPITALITY.
Entertainment Provided for Hum-
boldt County's Native Sons
and Daughters.
ARC AT A, Cal., Sept. 9.— For weeics the
Native Sons, in connection with tbe
wheelmen, have been preparing for their
Admission day celebration here. The
town, picturesque in itself, was made
more attractive by profuse decorations.
Sequoia boughs, intermingling with tas
tily arranged bunting and streamers,
enlivened everything.
As soon as the excursion train, loaded
with Native Sons and their friends from
all parta of Humboldt County, arrived
this morning a parade was formed. Every
parlor in the district was largely repre
sented. Such an Admission day turnout
has not been seen here for years. The
Humboldt wheelmen and the Arcata Cy
cling Club followed the Native Sons in
the parade. Next came floats and decor
ated vehicles.
The exercises of the morning ended with
a literary programme under tbe auspices
of Arcata Parlor. Frank W. Liscom, as
president of the day, delivered the address
of welcome* He was followed by Arthur
W. Hill, past president of Humboldt Par
lor, and Republican nominee for the Leuis
lature, who delivered an oration. Mr.
Hill surpassed any of his previous efforts,
and made a strong impression on his
hearers.
In the afternoon the wheelmen ruled su
preme. Their trace at the outskirts of
the town was the scene of a lively race
meet. Nine events made up the pro
gramme. J. O. Hansen of Alton won the
mile, half-m;le, quarter-mile and rive-mile
dashes. N. E. Yocum carried off the mile
novice and niiie handicap prizes. R. Oh
man won the mile open, Fred Hauck the
two-mile handicap and Bert Gatliff the
100-yard foot race.
A ball at tbe Armory concluded the
day's festivities.
FETE AT WEAVERVILLE.
California's Natal Day Observed In
the Picturesque Mountain
Town.
WEAVE RVILLE, Cal., Sept. 9.— The
picturesque and typical California moun
tain town, ringed around by barriers of
the snow-capped Salmons and the tall
Trinities, did ample justice to Admission
day. The locust-lined streets lent a har
monious background to tbe brilliant ban
ners and unlimited yards of bunting that
had been strung; for when Weaverville
undertakes to do a thine she doea it in
good shape.
la the street parade there were three
floats that attracted unlimited attention—
the lirst, a group of California maidens
representing the Native Daughters of the
Golden West; the second, a log cabin,
whose truthfulness of design appealed to
the memory of all the old settlers, and
the third, the shield of California, symbol
ized by Miss Nellie Condon, the prettiest
Kirl in Northern California.
At the close of tbe parade the spectators
gathered around the bandstand in the
plaza, where they were entertained with
literary exercises and music. John Mc-
Murry presided as chairman, while P. 11.
Pau^en, the mining magnate and pioneer
hotel-keeper of Trinity County, acted as
grand marshal.
The programme opened with a song
from a choir, after which Miss O'Neil de
livered an address, dropping into poetry
at the finish. Music by the Weavervilfe
band followed. D. J. Hall delivered an
eloquent speech. Judge T. E. Jones ad
dressed the gathering and Miss Ella Mc-
Murray followed with a thrilliug poem,
'•The Ghosts of the Pioneers."
The town was filled with mountaineers,
and the sound of their merriment mingled
with the thunder of the hydraulic giants
at play around the town.
FUN AT CAPITOLA.
California Pioneers of Santa Cruz
County Feast, Dance and
Tell Stories.
SANTA CRUZ, Cai.., Sept. 9. — The
Pioneer Society of Santa Cruz County cele
brated Admission day at Capitola. The
full strength of the society was present,
with more than 500 guests. The celebra
tion began with music by Hastings' band
of Santa Cruz, songs by a quartet and
solos by Santa Cruz singers. W. P. Neth
erton, City Attorney, delivered an address,
reciting briefly the history of the State
prior to 1848, dwelling upon the difficulties
the pioneeis encountered, the discovery of
gold, the adoption of the constitution and
the admission of the State.
F. A. Hibn, president of the society,
provided barbecued meats, bread and cof
fee fcr all guests. The younp folks spent
the afternoon in dancing. The old folks
enjoyed telling bear stories, relating per
sonal experiences of pioneer days and
singing original songs. The day was
bright and warm. The entire affair was
happily conducted.
PATRIOTIC VALLEJO.
Children Celebrate Admission Day
by Hoisting the" Stars acd
Stripes.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept 9.— The children
of St. Vincent's Catholic School celebrated
Admission day by raising a flag to the top
of a tall pole donated by the Young Men's
Institute. Tbe flag was made by the sis
ters of St. Dominic. Patriotic songs were
sung by the children. The Independence
band played appropriate airs and the Rev.
Father Henry delivered an address from
tlin veranda of the convent. The boy»ana
girls of the school assembled in the yard
and cheered as the flag was unfurled.
The girls were dressed in white, with lib
erty caps of the National colors. The boys
wore smeil American flags in the lapel of
their jackets. A large number of people
witnessed the ceremonies.
Observed at Vlsalla.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept 9.— Admission
day was observed here by Native Sons,
Territorial Pioneers and Mexican War
Veterans of this part of the valley. The
latter two bodies held their annual meet
ings in Hust's Hall, where a banquet had
been prepared. The rollcall showed an
attendance of the following sixteen mem
bers: Dr. F. A. Combs, Daniel Wood,
Henry Hunsaker, Joshua Benadom, J. T.
Brooks, J. A. Lefever, Louis Van Tassel,
Wiley Spence, C. O. Butler, John Cutler.
James M. Fewel, John Potter, A. Tyner,
C. W. Lawless, George C. Dean, W. B.
Wallace.
WEDDING AT SANTA ROSA
Miss Virginia Thompson and
Allan D Whittaker Are
United.
The Bride a Daughter of a Sonoma
Journa'ist, the Groom a Phila
delphian.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Bept. 9.— Miss Vir
ginia Thompson, daughter of Hon. Robert
A. Thompson, editor of the Sonoma Dem
ocrat, was united in marriage to-day with
Allan D. Whittaker of Philadelphia. The
ceremony took place at the Church of the
Incarnation yi this city at high noon.
The officiating clergymen were tbe Right
Rev. Bishop W. F. Nichols, D.D., Rev. Dr.
Shepard and Rev. James Cope. The wed
ding party enterea the decorated church
to the strains of a wedding march played
by Professor LippU of Petaluma. Nine
of Santa Rosa's fairest buds as flower girls
were in the lead, followed by the ushers,
L. W. Juilliard. M. L. McDonald Jr., Root
Huse and Clyde Laughlin.
These were followed by the|bridesmaid«,
Mrs. Paul R. jjeady of Portland, Or., Miss
Pallie Huie of San Francisco, Miss Belle
Thompson of Redwood City and the maid
of honor, Miss Marian Thompson of this
city. The bride, dressed in white taffeta
silk, came next on the arm of her father,
being met at the altar by the groom
ami his best man, Edward Whittaker.
After the solemn words had been pro
nounced, a wedding breakfast was served
at the residence of the bride's father.
The hapoy couple will spend a few days
in San Francisco before going to their
home in Philadelphia.
Sonotna't Campaign Opened.
SONOMA, Cal., Sept. 9.— The Repub
lican campaign was auspiciously opened
here last night. The largest audience
that^ ever assembled in the historic "bear
nag" town greeted Congressman Barham
and Hon. S. J. Duckworth. R. A. Poppe,
president of the Sonoma McKinley "and
Hobart Club, presided.
Oca new presses, insuring good and cheap
printing, are here. Banborn, Vail & Co. •
GREAT RACING
AT SACRAMENTO
Crowds Yell Themselves
Hoarse Over One of the
Equine Battles.
DEL NORTE IS DEFEATED
He Is Vanquished by Welcome
in a Remarkable
Race.
RECORD REDUCED TO 2;10 1-2-
Other Events Were Dull and Feature
less Affairs— Entries for To.
Day's Sport.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 9.—Admis
sion day saw the largest crowd of the
meeting in attendance at Agricultural
Park to view the racing and they saw
some sport in the 2:14 pace that could be
termed real horse-racing. In the second
heat Del Norte, driven by his owner, W. H.
Stimson, and Welcome, piloted by Andy
McDowell, fought one of the most stub
bornly-contested equine battles ever wit
nessed on the local track, the black having
to acknowledge defeat by a short head in
2:10^. As the game animals neared the
stand, fighting for every inch of ground,
the occupants of the grandstand arose en
masse and yelled themselves hoarse.
Outside of the 2:14 pace the two trottine
events, captured respectively by Gazelle
and Mamie Griffin, were dull and feature
less affairs. Welcome took home to the
stable with him the purse hung up for the
pacing event, but in a two-borae contest
Del Norte, who had to be content with
second money, could undoubtedly take the
winner into camp, as he was scrambling
for every heat;- while Welcome enjoyed
NEW TO-DAY.
TAILOKS 7 STRIRE^ALE!
$89,000 WORTH
— op
MEN'S, BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S
TAILOR-MADE CLOTHING!
Sale GommencßS TMs MM at 9:30 o'clock.
A Few Prices Which Tell the Tale of This
TERRIBLE .SLAUGHTER.
=
MEN'S CLOTHING.'
MEN'S ALL-WOOL BLACK AND BLUE CHEVIOT SUITS, all Fall
styles, well made, $7 vaiue. Strike Sale , £.1 47
MEN'S MELTON AND CASSIMERE FALL SUITS, made in correct
style. Price was $10. Stride Sale &S 97
MEN'S FINE BLACK, BLUE AND MIXED CASSIMERE and CHEV- *
lOT SUITS, the very latest style cut. Regular price $12. Strike Sale «6. 15
MEN'S FINE CASSIMERE AND WORSTED SUITS, allcolors. Price
was $16. Strike Sale £9.97
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S CLOTHING. =
CHILDREN'S $2 SCHOOL SUITS, ages 4 to 15, now at o«c
CHILDREN'S NOBBY $2.50 KNEE PANTS SUITS, ages 4 'to' 15.
Strike Sale . "gj a
CHILDREN'S REGULAR $3.50 KNEE PANTS "SUITS, in a 'great va- *
riety of patterns, all sizes. Strike Sale ci n«
CHILDREN^ $5 KNEE PANTS SUITS, hundreds ' to " 'select' "from
sizes 4to 15. Strike Sale '. .....I $3,418
HATS AND FURNISHING GOODS. =
MEN'S FANCY PILE NECKWEAR . IJc
MEN'S HEAVY SILK NECKWEAR in TeckV 'or' in FouV-in-Hand'
Latest Styles o«s*.
MEN'S 10c HEAVY SOCKS. Strike Price :'.;'.'.". '. tv
MEN'S 25c SUSPENDERS. Patent Wire BuckJe.. . . "". Oc
MEN'S FINE DERBY AND FEDORA HATS, Fall Styles'.'.'..:.::::::; 9Jc
50 dozen MEN'S UP-TO-DATE PERCALE SHIRTS. $1.90 quality.
Strike Price M J WO-
MEN'S $2.50 HATS, all Fall Styles' ■.".'.'. «ij,
iSi^IR C^A^L U F d E ce D e 0 d A E H L A¥s 3E SHIRTS.ArUkic PatVerns::: i.jc
3^ln ME V N^tpLYTl^^^^^ and DRAWERS *%*
200 dozen MEN'S LINEN CUFFS " «£
b^i^^lV 3^^^^";^^^ tr c
Summerfield's
iBIG STOREYS
"WITH THE TINY PRICES,
924-930 Market Street
(OPPOSITE THE EMPORIUM).
SALE TO BE CONTINUED UNTIL
STOCK IS DISPOSED OF.
DR.MCNULTY.
rTHIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPB-
'virSwAnai5 MI PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
£. E 5. VOC9 DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. He stow
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Bores and Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
t*nc« and other weaknesses of Manhood.
. He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects, Los* of Vitality, Palpitation of the
Mean, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, r*.
moves Deformities and restores the Organs to
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs,
Dr. ally's meihoc are regular and scien-
tific. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, but cures the disease by thorough
; medical treatment. His New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble, Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable.
- Hours— 9 to 3 dcily; 6:80 to 8:30 evening*. Ban-
aaya, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and M>
credly confidential Call on or address
P. ROSCOK McNULTY. M. D.,
Kfarny St. , San *r»nci*co, , Oak
• W Beware of stranger* who try to talk to yon
■bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or steerers for swindling doctors.
one quite easy trip around the ring. The
latter hor^e reduced tis record of 2:l3>£,
recently made at Helena, Mont., to2:lo>^.
If judges in the stand are there to pro
tect the bookmakers, then they rendered
a just decision to-day when they took
away second piace in the 2:15 trot from
Jasper Ayers in the third heat and gave it
to Chris Peterson ; but on the other hand,
If the speculating public is entitled to rec
ognition then the decision was a very
coolly one.
Trotting, 2:15 class. 3 in 5, purse $1000:
Gazelle, blk. m., by Gossiper-by Governor
Booth (Keatiog) 1 1 1
Jasper Ayers, b. g., by Iris (Perkins) ."3 2 it
Chris Peterson, b. g., by Deputy (S*haner).!s 4 2
Helena, b. m., by Electioneer (Dustin) '2 5 6
Gallette, blk. in., by Jud Wilkes (Hudges).4 3 4
Challenger Chief, b. b., by Challenger
(Green and McDowell) G 6 6
' Time, 2:l2i^-2:l4Va-2:13.
Pacing, 2:14 class, 3 in 6, purse $1000:
Welcome, br. h.. by Arthur Wllkea-
Lettie (McDowell) 1 13 7 1
Del Norte, blk. b., by Altamont (Stini
son) 4 2 2 12
Uanford Medium, b. b., by Milton R
(Hoy) 9 G 1 -Z 3
Al tiregor, cb. g., by Steinway (Laf
ferty) 3 3 6 4 dr
Plunkett, b. * by Strathern (Misoer)o 5 5 adr
Belle, cb. m., by Melbourne King
(Sullivan) 6 4 7 5 dr
Prince Almont, b. b., by Aimont
Medium (Sbaoer) 7 7 4 6 dr
Time, 2:10%- 3:101/2-2:111/4-2:1314-2:151/4.
Trotting. 2:19 class, 3 in 0, purse $1,000:
Mamie Grillin, blfc. m., by Blackblrd
by Signal (Sullivan). 11l
Anita, b. m., by Jnnlo (Rodrlirues) 2 7 6
Letter B, b. m., by Ward B (Van Bok
kelen) - 8 6 2
Conn, b.h., by Jnc» (Kelly);... 6 2 12
Kitzslmmons, eh. g., by Dexter Prince
(Lafferty) 3 3 3
Nettle Ham, br, m., by Uambleton's
Mamb (McDowell 4 4 4
Stella, b. f., by George Washington
(Smith) 5 12 7
Clay S,b. h., by Grover Clay (Gannon). 11 8 5
Charivari, br. m.. by Sterling (Maben).lO 11 9
Stamboulette, b. h., by btamboul
(Casey). 12 9 8
Neernnt, b. h., by Albert W (Chaboya). 9 10 10
Carrie C, b. m n by Starboul (McCartny
ana Williams) 13 13 11
Eva T, b. m.. by Almont Medium
(Sbaner) ; 7 5 dis
Time, 2:15%-2:15-2:17y 2 .
To-morrow the runners will tak« posses
sion of the track again. The Vinctor stake
will be a hzzle, as it is a walkover for the
Elmwood stock farm. Following are the
entries:
First race, five-eighths of a mile, selline,
two-year-olds. D. J. Tobin 102, Linkboy 99,
Sepoy 102, Dolore 102, Amelia S 102, Alaznn
99, Racina 90. Fleur de Us, 107, Torpedo 99,
Meg Merriles 105.
Second race, selling, fifteen-sixteenths of a
mile. Seaside 98, Howard 92, J X Richelieu
97, Mirambo 101, Miss Ban 103, Chartreuse II
100, Nebuchadnezzar 98, Bummel 86.
Third race, ladies' stakes, three-fourths
of a mile. Castanette 91, Heartsease 91,
Peixotto 100, Lucille 94, Perhaps 97, Caliente
94, Con Moto 97, Miss Pollard 91, Torsion 100,
Yondunk 100, Nabopolassar 97.
Fourth race, Vinctor stakes, one mile. In
9tallator 122, Instigator 112, Vincior 1231.
Fifth race, special, one mile. Vinctor 118,
Wheel of Fortune 108, Lobengula 112, Liber
tine 116.
Sixth race, Native Sons' handicap, one mile
seventy yards, Arnette 101, Installator 118,
Grady 93, Ruinart 112.
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
m RE ASU RISK'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
J. of .San Francisco. September 'i, 1396.
Holders of Dupont-street Bonds issued under an
an of the state Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening of Dupont Street, in the
City of wan Francisco." adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re- :
ceive sealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as provided by Section 13 of said act, at his
office In 'he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUESDAY, September 15, 1896
The amount to be applied to th« redemption of
said Bonds is about ninety thousand dollars'
($90,000). Bidders will state at "hat rate they
will surrender their Bonds for payment, less
coupons dne. No proposals above par will be con-
sidered.
Bids to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bonds." a. v. WIDBEK,
- - ■ - City ana County Treasurer. •
WW/KOX COMPOUND.
Immicox compound
m ANSY9P!US
Safe and sure relief; never faiL others
imitations. Atalldruggistsrwrit* for
Woman* Safeguard WlLcoi >Ikdi-
„ v ikb CO., 228 So. Eighth. st,, Pbilada., Pa,
Is the light that will bring "a" great bffs
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator la the
most wonderful discovery of the age. It
has been indors-d by the leading scientific
m ?" of Europe and America.
wtttv^S ls P urel y vegetable.
At J: VAN 8t °P 3 prematureness of the
mavXJ 11 twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous fvitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
a3 cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervouOness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other rem-
edy. Send for circulars and testimonials.
t AINTED BLOOB— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sore-
producing; Reims. Teen come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth, old sores and
falling hair. You can save a trip to Hot Springs
by using the great 30-day care. Call or writs for
30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis SU.
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL. _^
STATEMENT
OF THE
, CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL K.NdLAXD, OX THE 31ST
day of December, A. 1). 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, si made to tbe Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up in ■
cash $1,228.200 00
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company .... $5, 797,564 93
1 Loans on bonds ana mortgages 8,348,067 77
; Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 29,116,018 73
| Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral 2,818,431 54
Cash in banks. 3,165,70040
Interest due and accrued on all)
stocks and loans ' .,.,.,,
Interest due and accrued on bonds f **o,oiv ia
and mortgages J
Premiums In due course of collec-
tion 1 ,540.774 02
Rents due and accrued. 1,7-45 27
I Due from other companies for re-
: Insurance on losses already paid. 1,106 94
Annuities, life and reversionary in-
terests purchased by the com-
" pany 1,832,896 31
Total assets , $53,047.816 69
; :.. l LIABILITIES. ~~~
I Losses adjusted and unpaid "]
Losses in process of adjustment I ■ ■ .
or in suspense.'. ; )■ $728,085 00
Losses resisted,' Including ex- 1
penses^ j
1 Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $5,842,-
-! 022 75: reinsurance 50 per cent . 2,921,01138
I Gross premiums on fire risks run-
I nine: more than one year, $4,576,-
-000 71: reinsurance prorata 2,353,101 S3
Amount reclaiinabte by the insured
' on perpetual lire insurance pol-
icies 331,21581
Liability under life department 29,334,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. . 14,056 00
All other demands agaluui the
company 849,733 02
Total liabilities $3 6, 631, 94' i 63
INCOME. ~~
Net cash actually received for fire
premiums $8,015,492 21
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 944,663 46
To-al Income $8,960,155 67
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for fire losses $4,391,251 43
Dividends to stockholders 1,283,8129 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,208,977 62
Paid lor salaries, fees and. other
charges for officers; clerks, etc. 616,707 12
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 151,61079
All other payments and expendi-
. tures 602,078 90
Total expenditures $8,254,462 75
FIEE.
Losses Incurred daring the year ... $4,391,258 42
RISK AND PREMIUMS.
| Fire-Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during
I the year $2,289,415,250 $11,334,540 93
| Net amount of risks
I expired during
the year 2,344,242,285 11,374,256
I Net amount in
force December
i 31,1895 2,027,508,105 10,418,023 46
J. M. DOVK, Manager.-
-■ T. 1. ALSOP, Sub-Alanaeer.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day
of ApriL 1896. W. J. SUIiIS,
Vice and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST.,
SAN 3TKANCISCO, CAt.
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager. •
4&IRNYSi
I a THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMIITS
X your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and £r»
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. iiy ant*
cess has been due to the merits 01 i*y work. ■
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p. h.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
la a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo tor tm
sexual and urinary org»aa of both sexes, and »
treat remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blai-
«>er. A great Restorative Invigoratorand Nervtaa.
: eeiis on . Its own Merita— uo lons-wladal WiU*
monlals necessary. '
<.o?'« Ul \ K ' A^ F 3 * BRUNK, Agents,
! S2.S aiarket at..* S. I.—( Send tor Circular)
BuillC Vflll **° re Tnroat, Pimples, Copper^
■fifl't IvU colored Spot*, Aches. Old Soreifl
HWlilcera In Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write C'OOKp
■REMEOT CO., SO7 Masonic TempleS
HChicngo, 111., for proofs of cures. Cupl-H
Sfltali S&OO.OOO. "Worst cases cured In X6fl
|t£uo 85 day. 100-page boost tree* j 'NATIVE SONS AT
REDWOOD CITY
Mayfield, Menlo Park and
San Mateo Join in
Celebrating.
PUN WITHOUT STINT.
Eloquent Addresses by Attorney
Joseph F. Coffey and H.
C. Hall.
GUEENEVILLE GIANT ON DECK.
Firemen Parade in the Evening, and
a Grand Ball Ends the Day's
Pleasures.
REDWOOD CITY, CAL.,Sept.9.— lt was
a great day for Redwood City. So vouch
safed the oldest citizens of the town as
they shook their heads, whitened by the
snows of many winters. Admission day
may have been celebrated witn all the
pomp and enthusiasm of pride and
patriotism elsewhere, but Redwood Ciiy
certainlj was in the swim.
The only four parlors of the Native Sons
in San Mateo County congregated at Red
wood by 10 a. m. They were San Mateo
No. 23, Redwood No. 66, Menlo No. 185 and
Mayfield No. 166. Mu*ic for the occasion
was supplied by the San Mateo and Red
wood City bands.
About 10 a. m. a procession was formed
with the Redwood City band in the lead,
the lour parlors following, then the San
Mateo band, and lastly a long string of
carriages and other vehicles and pedes
trians. The procession started from the
Wahl building and went direct to Fingers
Park, where the pavilion had been pre
pared for the exercises to follow.
Most of the buildings along the line of
march had been tastefully decorated. JThe
handsome public school building, in par
ticular, was ablaze with red, white and
blue bunting, while directly over the arch
way hung the stars and stripes, its folds
waving to the breeze and exciting cheers
of the procession.
At the head of the procession rode Phil
McEvoy, the popular Sheriff of San Mateo
County, on a snow-white palfrey. Phil
had worked very bard to make the occa-
sion a success, and the vast assemblage
that lined the course ol the precession was
so satisfying as indicating the results of
his industry and local pride that his chest
swelled out like a balloon. Yes, without
doubt Sheriff McEvoy W3B the proudest
man in the county.
In the cool aud inviting grove a pavilion
had been draped from one »nd to tne other
with bunting; "Old Glory" was omni
present, the Bear flag hung from the
speakers' stand and the ensigns of the four
parlors had been suspended from the raft
ers so as to form the four corners of a
square.
All the decorations and, in fact, the ex
cellent manner in which the whole cele
bration was arranged was due to the tire
less efforts of the committee on arrange
ments, composed as follows: C. D. Hay
ward (chairman), L. J. Frank.Will Plump,
D. R. Stafford, G. P. Hall, F. W. Glenuan,
H. P. iJutts, M. H. Thompson, W. P. Mc-
Evoy, P. Torris, J. Cullen.
The introductory adaress was made by
Attorney Joseph F. Coffey of San Fran
cisco. After eloquently extending a wel
come to the visiting delegates and others,
in his capacity as president of Redwood
City Parlor, the orator outlined the
reasons why tne parlors of the county
had seen fit to hold a local celebration.
"As you know," he said", "the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons will meet here
next April, and we wished to raise funds
to give them a royal entertainment.
Therefore we decided that Admission day
would be the most fitting time in which
to make a Ptart. lam gratified to tell you
that the gate receipts up till the present
moment are very promising."
Past President H. C. Hall, and now
principal of the Menlo Park Public
School, followed with the address of the
day. It was devoted largely to the history
of the pioneer days of the State, the
stirring episode* in California history,
such as the raising of the Bear flag and"
the admittance of the State into the
Union, and ended with a eulogy of the
order of the Native Sons.
Politicians were present in abundance.
The cares of office and political engineer
ing were lett behind for the time, and the
day devoted to helping entertain the
visitors.
W. S. Witter, ex-assistant United States
District Attorney, and now a candidate
from the Twenty-ninth Senatorial District,
vied with his brother, G. F. Witter, candi
date for Judge of San Luis Obispo County,
in holding the attention of the ladies and
gentiejn-n at the clam-bake at noontime.
Judge HorD.blower was also well to. the
f ron t.
The greatest novelty of the day was
John Church, the boy from Guerneville,
who is 7 feet % inch in height, "in his
stocking feet. John had thought up a
little financial scheme all his own, and
had got another fellow to stand | behind a
screen with all but his head protected, and
let urchins throw eggs at it for twenty-five
cents a half-dozen, while himself stood by
and did the speeling. The young giant
very modestly admitted that he was to get
half the proceeds.
,At 2 r. j*. the sports and athletic games
were started. There were various races
and other kinds of amusement, resulting,
as follows:
100-yard race for visiting members, N. & G.
\V ., won by J. Cronin, San Mateo.
100-yard race for boys under 18, won by E.
De Martini.
100-yard race, free for all, won by M. H.
Thompson.
100-yard race for boys under 12, won by Roy
Ctirran.
100-yard race for married men, won by Dan
Stafford.
100-yard race for fat men, won by W. Ma
lone'y of Menlo Park.
Fiity-yard race for. young ladies— Won by
Delia de Martin.
Broad jump, free for all— Won by Edward
Thompson.
Running broad jump, free for all— Won by
J. V. Spaulding of May field.
At the conclusion of the games, dancing
was renewed until late in the afternoon.
At 6:30 o'clock there was a _ firemen's
tournament and an open-air concert by
the San Mateo band on Main street. In
the evening a ball was given at the
Alhambra Theater, at which the local
society leaders and belles from the towns
shone in ail their perrection.
VANCOUVER SNUSS LI.
Refuses to Accord an Official Welcome to
the Statesman From the
Orient.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 9.— The city
councils and public boards of British Col
umbia have decided not to give Li Hung
Chang a send-off. Certain wealthy Chi
nese merchants asked officials of this city
to officially meet the. Chinese Viceroy and
read an address of welcome to him. The
City Council, bearing in mind the intense
antagonism to Chinese coolica in the
province, and the fact that an acute state
of the an ti- Mongolian agitation had been
reached, refused to say "How do you do?"
in its official capacity to the distinguished
traveler.
It is a fact that the coolie element in
British Columbia speaks in hostile terms
of their famous countryman. For this, as
d <« as © ?, other reas ons, the Canadian
Pacific Railway Company, under whose
care Li Hung Chang has placed himself,
has issued positive instructions that, un
less they especially permit it, no one will
be allowed to speak to Earl Li in Van
couver; that under a special escort he will
be taken direct from the train to the
steamship, a distance of 200 yards, and the
curious crowd will be kept at a safe
distance.
In spite of the cold bearing of the city
of Vancouver toward Li Hung Chang Chi
nese merchants have erected a magnifi
cent arch on the Canacian Paciiic wharf,
close to the steamship, and this the Vice
roy will be obliged to pass under.
FOREST FILES AROUND TAHOE.
Xi««rv Breeze mowing and Great X»«
-ttrue'.ion 1* in Frogre»».
TALLAC, LAKE TAHOE, Cal., Sept.
— Forest fires are raging in the vicinity
of Lake Tahoe. A large one is in progress
at Hobart, in the timber of the Hobart es
tate,' which in some places is very dense.
A lively breeze is blowing, and it is feared
that considerable damage will be done.
More fires are burning on the hill at In
cline, where much timber was burned
about a month ago. The origin of the
fires is unknown. Carson City is over
hung with smoke and the mountains sur
rounding cannot be seen. =-.:--'
TERMS AT DEL MONTE.
Robert N. and George F. Whit
k- ney Cnampion Doubles
of the Coast
They Win From Hardy and Driscoll
in an Exciting Contest — Con
solation Tourney.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. B.— Robert N.
and George F. Whitney are the champion
double tennis players of the Pacific Coast.
They earned this title by defeating Hardy
and Driscoll in the final round of the all
comers tournament at Del Monte.
The court was crowded for over an hour
before play commenced, and when the
game was called every available space
from which a view could be obtained was
occupied. At 3 o'clock the Whitney
brothers appeared on the court and passed
the ball for a few minntes until Hardy and
Driscoll arrived. Both teams were
heartily applauded by their respective
admirers.
Captain O. C. Berryman of the battle
ship Oregon was in the scorer's chair, and
Dr. George Rothganger and Antnony
Ksesar were the umpires.
Robert Whitney commenced to serve,
and through nervousness lost the first
game to Hardy and Driscoll. From start
to finish this set was Hardy and Driscoil's.
They killed their opponents' short lobs
with great speed and accuracy. George
Whitney played his usual steady came,
but his brother fieemed to be considerably
off in his strokes, particularly his drive,
which found the net three times out of
four. The Whitneys made a spurt at one
stage of the set and tied the score at four
all, but Hardy and Driscoll by phenom
enal net play took the next two games and
set— 6 to 4.
No rest was taken after this set and
play was beeun on the second. The
Whitneys seemed to brace perceptibly,
and, having lost all their nervousness,
soon assumed the lead and by well
time i lobbing and driving ran the act out,
6 to 3.
It was now set all and the result was as
much in doubt as ever. The third set was
the most interesting of all from the fact
that it abounded with brilliant work by
both teams, some of the rallies being long
and severe, the ball passing the net in one
rally more than twenty times. After
coming within at point of winning several
times Hardy and Driscoli lost the set to
_their rapidly imoressing opponents, 9 to 7.
' Each team had been winning on their
service and when in the fourth set tne
Whitney brothers had the score five games
to three and Robert Whitney serving it
seemed as though the match was about
even, but here the winning team went to
pieces and lost the game and finally the
set, 7 to 5.
This made two sets all and after a ihort
rest play was resumed. It was easily seen
that all four players were very tired and
the play had settled down to sure and
steady playing with little or no brilliancy.
The Whitneys lost the first three games
and then seeming to nerve themselves
gave as fine an exhibition of tennis as has
ever been seen on the coast and won six
straight games, set match and double
championship of the coast.
This entities the victors to the four sil
ver cups, two to become their absolute
property and two to cold for a year at
least.
The consolation tournament was played
off this morning, and Nicholson and Gage
carried off the prize, defeating Drs. Decker
and Rothganger in the finals 6 to 2, 6 to 3,
6to 4. The match brought out some good
tennis, and had the naval men been as
fresh as the?r opponents the score would
have undoubtedly been reversed.
IN SAN JOSE COURTS.
Tournament for the Tennim Champion
ship of Santa Clara County.
SAN JOSE, Cax., Sept 9.— The San Jose
Lawn Tennis Club held its annual tourna
ment yesterday tor tne championship of
Santa Clara County at the Hotel Vendome
courts. The players were divided into
two classes — the championship and the
second class. In the second class the
results of the matches were as follows:
First^O'Toole beat McGeoghegan, 6—o,
6—l; E. Coolidge beat E. Snell, 6—l;
Argues beat Doyle, 6—2, 2—6 and 6—3.
Becond — E. Coolidge beat Argues, 6—2
and 9—7.
The final between Coolidge and O'Toole
will be played to-morrow.
In the championship class, first round,
Gibson beat Barslow, 6—3, 2—6 and 7—5;
V. Bchneider beat C.Schneider, 6—o and
6—2; Jordan beat Sonovia, 6—l and 6— 2-
White beat Warburton, 7—5, I—6 and
7—5; C. Coolidge beat Painton, 6—4 and
10—8. Second round, Jordan beat F.
Schneider, 6—4, 2—6 and 6—4; White beat
Gibson, 7—5, 1 -6 and 6—4; C. Coolidge
beat Grissim by default. In third rouuil
Jordan beat White, 6—3, 3 — 6 and B—6.
The final between Jordan and C. Cool
idge will be played Friday afternoon next
and the winner of this match will play
R. R. Syer, the present champion, on Sat
urday afternoon.
BIG FINE IS jv X r SAN JOSE.
Bennett Jiro*.' Hay M arehouae I* Com-
pletely ltcstroyrd.
SAN JOSE. Cat,., Sept 9.— The ware
house of Mn>. M. M. Drinkwater, situated
hi Hester district, near^his city, and occu
pied by Bennett Bros, for storing hay, was
completely desiroyed by fire about 9
o'clock this evening. Seven hundred tons
of hay are said to have been burne^. Sev
eral outbuildings of the Sunol-street
School were also destroyed. The origin of
the fire is unknown. Mrs. Drinkwater's
loss is $10 0; insurance $500. Bennett
Bros.' loss is $8000; insurance $4000. The
Hester School district's loss is $300 and is
covered by insurance. This is the second
time Bennett Bros, have been large losers
by fire within three months.
New frames of old Dutch and bog oaks and
mat gilts at Sanborn & Vali's; fine and cheap.*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
THE GARDEN CITY
CYCLERS' CONTEST
An Immense Crowd Watch
Speedy Wheelmen
Racing.
MARRED B7 BAD FALLS.
Bay City Clubmen Tumble on
the Track and Are
Not Happy.
ALL THE EIDERS OUT TO WIN.
Long List of Events Hotly Contested
Makes the Sport Worthy of the
Ciubs Represented.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 9.— The Admis
sion day race meet of the Garden City
Cyclers here to-day drew an immense
crowd of lovers of the sport to the big
three-lap track. The audience was com
posed iargely of ladies, and everyone mani
fested a great deal of enthusiasm, which
spurred the riders to their best efforts. U
was a great day's racing, marred by several
bad falls, though no one was seriously
injured. The Bay City Wheelmen's three
best men entered at the meet— Hall, Free
man and Harry Terriil— all took tumbles
through no fault of theirs, and this,
coupled with the fact that the Garden City
Cyclers had totally ignored their club by
not according a single member an official
position on the programme, sent them and
their clubmates home a very disgruntled
set of young men. The San Jose Club at
the last moment asked Haliett of the Bay
Cities to act as announcer, which he did
creditably, and it is expected this will
somewhat bridee over the slirat which the
San Francisco club felt.
No loafing tactics characterized to-day's
racing, be it said to the credit of the
riders. Both the professionals and ama
teurs were out to win, and as a result all
the heats and finals of the various events
were close and exciting.
Probably the most interest in all the
events centered on the mile professional,
Handicap, as among the starters were
some of the fastest sprinters for cash
prizes on the coast. The race was run in
one heat, the riders being Terriil ana Free
man (Bay City). Davis, Jones and Dow
(Olympic), Downing and Cushing (Garden
City) and Willoughby (Watsonville).
The scratch men caught the field in a
lap and a half, and then rested for the
final sprint Downing, Cushing and Ter
rili were in front on the last turn and
stayed that way to the finish, fighting bit
terly every inch of the way.
Jones was thrown in front of the stand,
and Downing, just after crossing the tape,
cut down on Terrill, probably uninten
tionally, ana the big Bay City man went
down with a thump and was badly bruised.
Freeman jumped into fourth place in the
finale, the others being well back. It was
a hot race and one of the most exciting
seen on the San Jose track in many a day.
Those in the press and grand stands close
to the tape thought Terrill got second and
differed with the ludgea' decision in this
.respect.
The one-mile novice was run in five
heats and a final. The winners of the
heats were Ray Hogg, Mountain View:
Al Johnson, Redwood; H. Buffington
Campbells; Dan Murphy, Garden City,
and P. H. Rosenheim, Reliance. George
Thorn of Alameda also qualified by riding
second in the. fastest heat.
Opposite the grand stand on the second
lap of the final heat, Buffington, Rosen
heim and Thorn fell. The other three
fought it out well, Johnson winning in
the remarkably fast time of 2:17. Murphy
took second, Hogg third.
The five heats of the mile scratch, ama
teur, were well contested, a time limit of
2:35 tending to make them speedy. Bates
(Reliance), Kenna (Acme). Tantau (Olym
pic), Decker (Acme) and Wing (Olympic)
won their heats, and Squires (Acme)
Hall (Bay City) and Hardenbrook (Garden
City) qualified by running second in the
three fastest heats.
The final was paced by Julius Smith,
and all started but Tantau. Hall fell on
the second lap, and about this time Decker
thought the pacemaker too slow and
passed him, the rest of the bunch follow
ing. Decker proved the winner in a hot
fipht with Kenna, Wing and Bates, who
finished in that order. The time was the
same as the novice — 2:17, considered very
fast for these men.
The two-thirds mile amateur was run in
six heats and a final. The final heat was
won by Bates of the Reliance Club much
to the delight of his clubmates and the
grand stand, for he is a very popular
rider. Hammond and Shearman of San
Jose rode into second and third positions
respectively, and Squires of Oakland fin
ished fourth. Bates' time was 1 :24 1-5.
During an intermission R. Taylor R
R. Goodrich and A. C. Pillsbury on a
triplet, paced J. E. Wing of the Olympics
for the mile amateur paced record. The
first third was covered in 40 seconds the
two-thirds in 1:23 2-5, and the mile in
2:08 2-5, which is slower than the existing
record. . # °
The one-third mile scratch, professional
race, closed the day's sport, and was run
in two heats and a final Freeman had a
bad fall in the first heat, which was won
by Davis of the Olympics in clever style
Downing second, Willoughby third. The
time was 44 3-5 seconds.
Terrill and Jones' appeared for the sec
ond heat, well bandaged from their injur
ies received in the mile handicap,
but otherwise fit to race, and were
well applauded for their pluck. In
the finish at the tape it looked as though
it was a dead heat between the two but
the judges gave the first heat to Jones
The time was 60 2-5 seconds. Dow fin
ished third.
The following I« the summary:
One-mile novice, first heat— Hog*, Monn-
Second heat— Al Johnson, Redwood, first'
George O. Thorn, Alameda, 6 econd. Time'
2 :«>2 2-5. '
p Third^heat-H. Bufflngton. Campbells, first;
?'o^l hennan ' Los Gatos, second. Time
Ji .Ok O-O.
« Fourth heat-Dan Murphy, Garden City.
o r v!, ; o D - Ep FraDclB . unattached, second. Time,
.Fifth heat— P. H. Rosenheim, Reliance.
2"8 4-% Folsoni . San Jose, second. Time,'
4U 14" 4-O.
Final he«t--Al Johnson, Redwood, first- Dan
Murphy/ Garden City, second; Ray Hogg
Mountain View, third. Time, 2 : 17 av **>
One mile scratch, amateur, first heat— C D
Bates Jr., Reliance, first; Gail Hardenbrook,
Garden City, second. Time, 2:30 *****
TT S ?, co A I<i neAt J - R - Kenna. Acme, first: T. S
Hall, Bay City, second. Time, 2:2$ ■
_ Third heat— George W. Tantac ' Olympic,
2 r 38 4%. J ' Birdsal1 ' California, second, Time;
Fourth heat-E. W. Decker, Acme, first; H.
i.f, qui L es ' Acme, second. Time, 2:20 1-5
Fifih heat-J. E. WinK, O.ympic,' flm ; *Ben
IsoonaD. Santa Rosa, second. Time, 2-33 2-5
Final heat-E. W. Decker, Acme, first ;Jr'
Kenna, Acme, second; J. E. Wing, Olympic,
third; C. D. Burtes Jr., Reliance, fourth. Time
Z'.tJ. , ' ■
Two-thirds of a' mile handicap, amateur,
first heat— W. H. Hammond, San Jose, first, 90
yards; C. L. Wcstlnk.\ Campbells, second, 110
yards. Time, 1:26 2-5.
Second heat— E. W. Decker/ Acme, first, 25
yards; Al Johnson, Redwood, second, 70
yards. Time, 1:25.
Third heat-H. W. Squires, Acme, first, 10
yards; P. H. Rosenheim, Reliance, second, 70
yards. Time, 1 :23 4-5.
Fourth heat— C. J. Blrdsall, California, first.
75 yards; C. D. Gooch, Reliance, second, 35
yards. Time, 1:26 4-5.
Fifth heat— R. R. Shearman, Los Gatos, first,
90 yards; C. D. Bates Jr., Reliance, second, 30
yards. Time, 1 :26.
Sixth heat— George Westphal, Acme, first, 85
yards; P.M.Curtis, Garden City, second 75
yards. Time, 1 :25 1-5.
Final heat— C. D. Bates Jr., Reliance, first,
30 yards; W. H. Hammond, San Jose, second,
90 yanls; R. R. Shearman, Garden City, third.
90 yards; H. W. Squires, Acme, fourth, 10
yards. Time, 1 :24 1-5.
One mile handicap, professional— H. Down-
Ing, Garden City first. 55 yards; R. Cushing,
Garden City, second, 35 yards; H. F. Terriil,
Bay City, third, 20 yards; H. B. Freeman, Bay
City, fourth, 75 yards. Time, 9 :12 1-5.
One-third of a mile scratch, professional-
First beat— C. L. Davis, Olympic, first; H.
Downing, Garden Ciiy, second; J. E. Wil
loußhbv, Watsonviile, third. Time, :44 3-5.
Second heat— Allan Jones, Olympic, first; H.
F. Terrill. Bay City. second; R. E. Dow, Olym
pic, third. Time. :50 2-5.
Final heat — C. L. Davis, first.
One-third of a mile open, professional — First
heat— Davis, Olympic, first; Downing, Garden
City, second; Willoughby, Watsonville, third.
Time. :44 3-5.
Second heat— Jones, Olympic, First; Terrill,
Buy City, second; Dow, Olympic, third. Time.
:50 3-5.
Final heat— Davis first. Jones second, Down
ing, third. Time, :44 2-5.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing t>f the Clubs and Scores of the
Gamea Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Club*.
Won.
Lost.
Per
Cent.
Baltimore
Cincinnati
Cleveland
805t0n...........
Chicago.
Plusburc.
Philadelphia X..
New York 1.
8r00k1yn.....
Washington.
Kt. Louis.
Louisville
83
71
72
67
57
82
57
68
M
60
M
VJ9
M
44
4,-.
63
53
64
61
tii!
fi3
67
M
87
.700
.620
.615
.068
.668
.634
.483
.48.1
.4111
.427
.300
.250
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 9.— The champions
and Brooklyns had a batting-match to-day.
Holler was not at his best, but Abbey and Ken
nedy were even less effective. Abbey retired
in the second inning. Kennedy was very wild
and forced in two runs. Attendance 2200.
Score: Baltimores— l7. 18, 3; Brooklyns— 8,
15,2. Batteries— Hoffer and Robinson; Abbey,
Kennedy and Burrell. Umpire — Hurst.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 9.— To-day's game
was easy for the Spiders. After the third in
ning Donahue was a wreck. Wilson was
effective all through the game. Score: Cleve
lands—B, 12. 0 ; St. Louis— 3, 9, 2. Batteries-
Wilson and Zimmer, Donahue and McFarland
Umpire— Emslie.
PITTSBURG, Pa.. Sept. 9.— Chicago won Irom
Pittsourg to-day by batting Killeu hard in the
seventh and ninth inning 9, assist«d by good
base-running by Dnhlon and a stupid play by
Merrltt. Attendance 1800. Score: Pittsburgs—
3, 8, 3; Chicagos— ti, 7, 3. Batteries— Killen
and Merritt, Briggs and Donahue. Umpire
Sheridan.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Sept. 9.— The game sched
ulea between Louisville and Cincinnati for to
day was transierred to Friday, as neither team
couki rcßch the city in time to play
WASHINGTON. D.C., Sept. game
was a batting contest, and Orth's wildness cost
his sitfe the game. Attendance 1500. Score*
Wasiiingtons— l2, l7, 5 ; Philadelphias— 11, 16
3. Batteries— Mercer and Farrell; Orth and
Grady. Umpire — Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V , Sept. 9.— A mnff by Duffy
in the eighth inning to-day, when the buses
were filkd and two men out, lost the came for
the Bostons. Clarke was hit a trifle freely, but
his sftpport was far superior to that given by
Boston to Stiveits, who pitched a strong game
Attendance 2000. Score: New Yorks— 7 9 3-
Bostons— 6, 11. 4. Batteries— Clark and Wil
son; Stivettsand Bergen. Umpires—Hender
son and Campbell.
MARIN COUNTY RACES.
Extentive Preparation* at the man Cle.
mtnte Track for the Meet.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 9.— The rac
ing course at San Clemente is beine put
into condition for the race meet of the San
Rafael Hunt Clnb, which will take place
next Saturday.
A grand stand is being built large
enough to cornforteoly seat 2000 people.
Under the supervision of W. H. Jewell,
the track is being improved constantly.
To this end between twenty and thirty
men are working long hours.
From the original width of twenty-five
feet the track naa been widened to forty
five feet.
In a short time a new railroad station
house will be built in such a position that
visitors will be obliged to walk but a few
hundred feet to the track.
There are already fourteen box stalls
and an exercising paddock. The best
riders of the county have signed for entry
on Saturday. Horses are coming from as
far as Ukiah.
Wen Will Whip the Kangaroo.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 9.— Th«
great kangaroo bunt to come off the lat
ter part of this month is tho one topic of
conversation on the verandas. The ani
mal i« already in tne city and a cage for
its reception has been prepared in tho
hotel grounds., After a reconsideration
of the matter it has been decided to do
without dogs. M- n will be sent ahead to
whip up the quarry should he become
laggardly.
Killed by Alcohol.
LARKSPUR, Cal., Sept. 9.— Edwin Mar
chant, a young man well known In Marin
County, fainted while at work in the sa
loon of A. Brazil Monday last and died a
few hours later.
An inquest was held by Coroner Edwin
ISden at San Rafael yesterday, and the jury
found that Marchant came to his death by
the excessive use of alcohol. Marchant
was a single man, but leaves a mother and
sister.
READY FOR THE RALLY.
Woman Suffragists Will Begin
Their Battle for the Ballot
To-Night
Metropolitan Temple Is Being Mag
nificently Decorated for the
Great Event.
Metropolitan Temn'.e is taking on a fes
tive aspect in anticipation of to-night's
great woman suffrage rally. Mrs. Judge
Cross has taken charge of the decorating
work and with the aid of twenty lady as
sistants and about half as many men is
rapidly transforming the interior of the
edifice into a scene ol splendor seldom if
ever equaled in any local public hall.
A feature of the meeting will be the re
ception committee of lady ushers, who
will see that the male visitors at least are
well seated and in good humor. The
doors will be opened at 7 o'clock and the
exercises will- commence promptly at 8.
No admission fee will be charged.
IS NOT A CANDIDATE.
B. Ward Do«« Not Like (he Company
That Seeks to Claim Him.
B. Ward, secretary and manager of
the .Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union,
has been announced time and again by
several of the Kelly-Mahoney faction clubs
as their candidate for the nomination for
State Senator.
Mr. Ward called at the < ffice of The
Call last evening to say with consider
able emphasis that this was an unwar
ranted and unauthorized use of his name.
"I am not a candidate for any ofKce at the
bands of this political faction," said Mr
Ward "and I \Vish to have it denied that
I am. I would not accept the nomination
from that source even if sure of election."
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
METHODISTS MEET
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Crowds Attend the Opening
of the California Con
ference.
BISHOP FOSS PRESIDES.
The Venerable Prelate Delivers
An Eloquent Address on
the Church.
11 OUR CREED IS GOOD ENOUGH."
Officers Elected and Rules Adopted.
Traveling Expenses Pooled— The
Women's Missionary Society.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 9.-The
California annual conference of the
Methodist Episcopal Church opened this
morning with a large number of ministers,
laymen and ladies in attendance. The
Methodist church was filled with a fine
appearing and intelligent audience. The
conference will last another week.
Great interest is displayed in all depart
ments of the Christian work upon which
the conference will act. Bishop Cyrus D.
Foss presided.
At 6 o'clock in the morning of the open
ing day a prayer meeting was held. It
was led by Rev. William Angwin of
Campbells, and there was a large attend
ance. The sacrament of the Lord's sup
per was administered by Bishop Foss, as
sisted by the presiding elders of the con
ference as 10l lows, beginning at 9 o'clock:
Revs. E. R. Willis, A. T. Needham, John
Kirby, John Coyle, M. C. Harris, F. J.
Masters and A. J. Gustafson. Nearly the
whole congregation partook of the sacra
ment.
Bishop Foss opened the session with a
short address in which he said: "We
lament the weakness of the church in any
particular locality, but our work as a
whole is going gloriously forward through
out tne world. Thirty years ago people
laughed at us when we gave the figures of
our strength, but since tnen the histo
rians have made the facts known. The
greatest opportunity given to the church
since the days of the apostles is given to
our church to-day. So far as I Know no
body wants to change our doctrine; our
creed is good enough.
"It has been said that the Methodist
church has been depended upon for more
genuine soundness of Christian doctrine
than any other Christian church. Our
preachers are less disturbed than those of
other doctrines, and Methodism is going
down into the next century unshaken.
Let there be nothing less than the salva
tion of the round earth."
The Bishop claimed the credit for the
bishops of the Protestant church and the
Catholic Archbishop of Philadelphia and
for the church of the living God for the
peaceful settlement of the great street-car
strike in Philadelphia not long ago.
The work of organization was ttien pro
ceeded with. Rev. Milton D. Buck of
Sacramento, who was secretary of the con
ference last year, declined to serve again
this year. Rev. A. H. Needham, pastor
of the Methodist church of Pacific Grove,
was elected to the position, and Rev. J. H.
N. Williams of Modesto was elected assist
ant secretary. The other officers elected
were: Treasurer, Rev. Thomas Fil
ben of San Francisco; assistant treasurer
Rev. J. T. Murrish of Amador; special
treasurer for the superannuated fund
Rev. T. H. Woodward of Petaluma.
The rules of the last conference were
temporarily adopted. Rev. F. F. Jewell
was elected railroad secretary; Rev. G. R.
Stanley, assistant railroad secretary; Rev.
G. R. Walton, postmaster of the confer
ence; Rev. C. P. Irons, chorister; Miss
Donna Winning, organist; Rev. George
W. Beatty of Oakland, statistical secre
tary, who will appoint a number of assist
ants. Rev. Mr. McCoy was appointed to
take subscriptions for the spread of the
gospel in foreign lands.
This year the ministers will pool their
traveling expenses to and from the confer
ence. Rev. J. D. Hammond was appointed
secretary for the pool fund and Rev. E. M.
Hlil assistant
A new committee on memoirs as follows
was appointed: Revs. W. R. Gober, C. H.
Afllerbach and C. V. Anthony.
With the singing of the doxology the
session adjourned at 12:30 to give the com
mittees a chance to meet and ailow other
meetings to be held in the auditorium.
The anniversary of the Woman's Home
Missionary Society of the conference was
held at 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon. The
officers are: President, Mrs. C. W. Kinsy;
vice-president, Mrs. J. N. Beard; treas
urer, Mrs. Studley ; secretary, Mrs. Robert
McLellan. The anniversary opened with
the singing of "Our Country's Calling
Still." Mrs. J. N. Beard read a scripture
lesson and Mrs. Robert Bentley lead in
prayer. Mrs. Ida Hull spoice on the sub
jectof "Our Orientals,"
Rev. Chon Han Fan, the minister
among the Chinese of San Francisco, ad
iJressed the meeting. A little daughter of
Chan Hon Fan delivered a recitation, and
Hiss Yamada, superintendent of the San
Francisco Japanese Home, made some
bright remarks. Mrs. Louis M. Carver,
who presided, read a paper on "Doers oi
the "Word," and Deaconesses Miss Winnie
Rich, Miss Marßerit* LaKe ahd Miss Ade
line Buttimer told about their mission
work. Mrs. E. R. Willis read a paper on
"Personal Glimpses of the Home Field,"
which she read before the last general
conference. Mrs. H. Morton was organist.
The report of the corresponding secre
tary, Mrs. P. G. Buchanan, showed much
progress in every department of the home
mission work.
The Preachers' Mutual Aid Society held
a meeting late in the afternoon at which
Dr. J. H. Wythe presided. This is an
association of preachers, with eighty-five
members, which has been paying $10 each
on the death of a member, the sum usually
paid being $1000. The constitution was
revised with a view of enlarging the mem
bership, requiring from members under
38 years a fee of $5, 38 to 50 years $7 50 and
over 50 years of age $10. It was a contest
between the young and old men in which
the young men won.
To-night the annual missionary sermon
was delivered by Rev. W. C. Gray of
Nevada City to a crowded congregation.
Mrs. Lucy Drake Osburn of India also de
livered an address on mission work and
native beliefs in India.
liie ministers now in attendance at the
conference are:
Revs. C. V. Anthony, G. O. Ash, William
Angwin, M. H. Alexander, J. R. Andrews, C.
A Anderson, A. M. Bailey, H. C. Benson, M. C.
Brigus, P. G. Buchanan, J. L. Burchard, H. J.
Blana, Robert Bentley, D. M. Birmingham, J.
W. Bryant, G. W. Beatty, M. D. Buck, T. R.
Burtley, J. W. Buxton, J. N. Beard, F. D. Bo
vard, C. U. Beech good, F. K. Baker, G. W.
Be.iuie, 11. F. Brlggs, George Clifford, John
Coyle, J. B. Chynoweth, D. W. Chilson, John
Chisholm, W. D. Crabb, W. W. Chase, a J. Car
roll, D. W. Cal fee, Chan Hon Fan, C. F. Coy,
Hugh Copeland, S. E. Crowe, R. S. Can tine, W.
T. Curnow. Wesley Dennett, E. E. Dodge, E. R,
i»uie, A. C. Duncan, E. P. Dennett, L. Dahl-
w C U" }^l T Ewin S. Lorenzo Fellers, T. Filben,
W. R. ,?. ober ' A S. Gibbons, H.L. Gregory, S. G.
'whh C - Gr S 7 ' W - R - Good A.J. Gnstaf
wni^l am urlbu Alfred Higbee, An vila
Holbrook, H. B. Heacock, J. D. Hammond, M.
m Ie t T>] s.-i Io P kins ' J - E- Henderson, E.
ifcnS l k F s ai ? k Hudson, 0. , M. Hester, J. H.
Jones. W. A. Johns, James Jeffery, G. H.Jones,
J. F.Jen ness, J. W. Kuykenaall, Solomon Kin
sey,C. H. Kirkbride, John Kirby, H. Kihara, F.
A. Kast. W. S. Kelly, H. C. Langley, F M
Lloyd, C G. Milnes, J. N. Martin, F.J. Masters,'
J. P. Macaulay, J. J. Martin. E. D. Me-
Creary, W T Mayne. J. G. Morrish,
C. P. McNeill, G. M. Muse, F a!
Morrow, A. T.JNeedham, A. H. Needham
N. G Nelson. A. 5. Nelson. R. Peck? W. B
Priddy, T. B. Palmer, C. E. Pettis. W. J. Peters
Henry Pearce, J. W. Ross, G. H. Rhoads. Rich'
ard Rodda, W. C. Robins G. M. Richmond, J
B. Rutter. S. D. Simons, T. H. Sines, H. B.
Sheldon, Esdras Smith, Jesse Smith, G. R.
Stanley, L. W. Simmons, John Stephens. J.
S. Smith, B. F. Taylor, J- L. Trefren, H. C. Tall
man, John Thompson, F. L. Tuttle, Theodore
Taylor, W. 8. Urmy, J. A. Van Anda, G. H. Van
Vliet. J. H. Wytbe, E. A. Winning, E. A.
Wible, 8. M. Woodward, W. F. Warren
R. E. Wenk, J. H. Wythe Jr., T. H
___^^_ r _ ?? W 10-DAT.
Suits Given Away!
For 3 Days.
s<z% Thursday, Friday, Saturday , _
f^^i We are going to smash
j| prices to induce you to Y3
come down to our Whole- /^y>^\
/fSZjfV\ sa l e House in the Whole- / '. fCp \
I lfr\ sale ( < , M
t Thursday, Friday, Saturday, _dj
We are going to smash Y^T
prices to induce you to Y<?
come down to our Whole- /\y^f\
sale House in the Whole- / f^j \
sale District, ( ( . . J 1
KYAMS, BROWN & GO., Ml -dj
■WPfj 25 and 27 Sansome St. If
yf r7. Remember the name A
C jf /A 1 and number and get ac- // I
W m quainted with the largest '/ I j
W W manufacturers of i' /\\
111 6k> FINE CLOTHING, £j \^
WhozßETAlLat WHOLESALE PRICES
CHILDREN'S SUITS, $1.00.
They are handsome suits for boys 4 to 14 years
old, worth $3 to $5, in Worsted, Cheviots, etc., all
colors, weights and styles. ''Now going for less than
half the actual cost.
BOYS' SUITS, $2.50.
Very best grades of boys' suits, worth $5 to $10.
They cost us more than $5 for the material in them.
MEN'S SUITS, $4.50.
Double and Single Breasted Sack Suits, gray,
brown, black, and blue, worth $7 50 to $15.
REMEIVEBBR.,
Hyams, B r °wn
& CO.
Wholesale -Man cfactorers
Men's, Boys' and Children's
Fine Clothing
RETAILED
AT WHOLESALE PRICES
25 & 27 SANSOME ST.
ONLY ONE-HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET.
(fvj **«^ 1 [%s* Rl)
YOU FEEL SMALL
TTOW SMALL YOU FEEL WHEN
-^*- you begin to notice your powers of
manhood waning. Then you lose the con-
fidence and self-esteem which comes with
vigorous strength. You imagine yourself
small, and you are. You lose that respect
which is the right of manly qualities.
You get nervous fretful and incapable of
mental action. You are approaching ner-
vous debility, and need help.
Throu.'h years of good, faithful servico
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has been the
only friend of weak, nervous men. It has
made thousands of lives happy, saving
them from a miserable existence. "1 am
thankful that I do not have to pass the
rest of my life in that miserable condi-
tion," writes Mr. J. A. J. Morse, Los
Gatos, Cal., after being cured by Dr. San-
den's Electric Belt.
It is a natural remedy. It cures by
making you strong and helping you to
throw off disease. "It only helps nature."
But what more can any remedy do? If
nature had help in time of need you
would never be sick or weak. Dr. Sanden
has written a valuable book, upon this sub-
ject. You can have it by mail, closely
sealed, free. Address or call
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 : Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office boon; a x. m. ta
8:30 f. M.: Sundays, 10 to 1. : : ■
Consultation Free and Invited.
• OFFICES AT: .
LOS ANGELES, CAJL, I PORTLAND, OR,
204 South Broadway. I 253 Washington itroM
Woodward, W. M. Woodward, J. R. Wolfe. F.
M. Willis, E. R. Willis, T. S. Wallis, J. R. Wat
son, L. P. Walker, J. E. Wright, J. H. N. Wil
liams, F. R. Walton, A. I* Walker, James Wil
liams, C. E. Winning, H. J. Winsor, J. O. Wahl
berg, E. J. Wilson, C. F. Withrow, Joseph Long,
L. M. Browell, W. A. Kennedy, William Mar
shall, W. G. Trudgeon, E. B. Winning. J. C.
Bolster, Fong Sui, O. V. Brattstrom, C. E.
Irons, C. K. Jervness, K. H. McKay, Alfred
Kummer, James Blackledge, M. F. Colburu,
John Coyle, W. S. Matthew.
RunnittQ and Trotting in OreOon.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept 9.— Favorites in
three of the four tevents at Irvington to
day got second place only. Attendance of
the second day of the Jockey Club's fall
meeting was sniali. Summaries:
2:40 trot. Sunrise won, Tenino second, Lyla
third. Time, 2:32.
Quarter-mile dash, Red S won. Quicksilver
second, Steamboat Bill third. Time, :23}i.
Five-eighths ol a mile, Jim Bozeman won,
Grover second, Dixie's Land third. Time, 1:03.
Half-mile dash, Tampa won, Mount Roy sec
ond, Red S third. Timu, :50.
The houses in Paris are built of sand*
stone ; in London of bricks.
DO YOU
READ?
■BOOKS!!
UOIH Rnnnd l 226 Titles. Gilt top 18c
UOtU OOUUa '200 Titles, Oilt t0p. ........ .36c
D.n-1.. 1 150 Titles for boys & gir15.. 360
I Opiliar and 10 ° Titus by Popular Au-
•, : ■ thors (or boys and girls.... 600
Standard 200 Titles, Poetry. Fiction,
OlilllUiilU History and Biography.. ..4sc
llltlim-s ' 175 selected Titles, best
itUHimS. | authors .....900
;
! Prescou's Conquest of Mex-
ic0...... .............. flOe
PAPITI JR. Pfescott's Conquest of Pern 900
IVIUL.tIb Present's Ferdinand and
O.VftliniP Isabella 90c
-•HFul.flL Les Miserables »1 35
i<rmu . Count Monte CrlstO ..fl 35
0L1.5 j I French Revolution .. $1 35
Wandering Jew -. ...$1 40
I Mysteries of Pari5........ 81 40
I Cooper's Leather Stocking
■ Tales, and , Sea Tales, 5
volumes each...... $1 25
STANDARD Mac<lll . lay .' .. .° ! a . nd . v 5 1 i 5
v E1i0t. ....V.!.':.".'.'."."6*v0V. fl 90
_ _ Irving..:. 6v01. 52 10
SIFT'S uibbons Roma 5 vol. $2 35
0010 Thackeray 10 vol. »3 85
Scott.. .;.... 12 vol. $4 35
Lytton 13 vol. $4 50
Dickens 15 vol. ft 60
} SPECIAL SAW Publisher's Price $2.50
JSmSkII Oar Price 93c.
56
THURSDAY ..SEPTEMBER 10, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Postage Freer
Dally and Sunday Call, on*f«lt, by carrier.. $0.15 j
Daily «nd Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, fix months, by mail.. 8.00 ,
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall-.... 1.60
Wkkxly Call, one year, by mall I^o
TUB SUMMER MONTHS. . v-/:v
Are yon going to the country on a vacation T If
c«, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it niiss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone. * Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS i
617 Clay Street.
Telephone... Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
050 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
SBB Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.arkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fe\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
cntll 9 o'clock. .
2618 Mission street; open nntll 9 o'clock.
lie Mfitb street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE >
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE
Booms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent. \
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Obio
FOR VICK-PRBBIDENT-
-6ARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EtECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1890.
Here's congratulations to Stockton.
Admission-day weather was just per
fectly Caiifornian.
It i-? admitted now that every Stockton
man is a whole host.
It is a level-headed Native Son who can
wear his hat this morning.
Home protection and international bi
metallism make the best basis for busi
ness and prosperity.
If the average Stocktonian has the big
head to-day no one will ask questions
about how he got it.
The equalizers have fiddled with the
figures and we must both dance to the
tune and pay the piper.
We have celebrated Admission day in
fraternal union ana now we return to
party politics and call the Democrats to
repentance.
By estimates based on. a school census
just taken Chicago figures out a popula
tion of 1,600,000, so the "Two Million Club"
cannot afford to adjourn yet.
Grover's indifference to political parties j
in this campaign would be the biggest i
thing ot the kind in sight were it not for j
the indifference of all political parties to I
him.
When the wage-earner and the producer
go to the polls in November they will bear
in mind that every vote for Bryan and
free silver is also a vote for Bryan and
free trade.
The lone voice of Tom Watson, crying
in the wilderness, pierces the uproar of
the campaign wltn its plaintive wail like
the sound of the whangdoodle mourning
for its nrst born.
Tbe saying of Benjamin Harrison, "Re
publican success never did disturb busi
ness," is one of the truths that business
men reflect on, and they will cast their
votes accordingly.
The assessments of Kan Francisco have
been raised and those of the railroad com
pany have been lowered, and once more
the spoilers ask derisively, "What are you
going to do about it? '
To promote home industry, to increase
our commerce, to maintain our financial
stability, to uphold the Supreme Court
and tbe Federal Government, we must
work with the Republican party and vote
for McKinley.
Bryan in his speech accepting the plat
form of the Silver party gave a great deal
of taffy to the silver Republicans who in
tend to support him, for as there are not
many of them and taffy is cheap he could
afford to be liberal.
From tha increased vote cast in both
Vermont and Arkansas we can see how
great is the interest tne people are taking
in tbis campaign and how necessary it is
for Republicans to organize and bring out
their full strength in California.
"The first duty of a nation," said Mc-
Kinley in a speech at Cincinnati on Labor
day, 1891, "is lo enact laws which shall
give to its citizens the widest opportunity
for labor and the best rewards for work
done.'" It is on that platform the great
champion of protection stands to-day, and
it is for that reason the Republican party
nominated him and the people will elect
him.
For shrill whistling to keep one's cour
age up commend us to the St. Louis Re
public. It has just declared "Tbe Vermont
election is really a verdict for Bryan and
fcewall, as the November returns will
show." Of course it goes without saying
if that is the kind of verdict Bryan and 1
Sewall wish they will be sure to get it, and I
the Republic may be whistling in Novem
ber as merrily as now.
Democratic orators and organs continue
to assert tuat the panic of 1893 was caused
by the demonetization of silver in 1873,
but tbe people will remember that under
tie Republican system of protection the
wealth of the country increased from
$30,000,000,000 in 1870 to $65,000,000,000 in
1890, and that no crash or disaster came
until the free-traders got into power and
began to break down the industries of the
people.
While the Palmer Democrats denounce
the Bryanites for proposing to revolution
ize our finances they propose almost the
same thing themselves. The Chicago
platform is (or silver monometallism and
the Indianapolis platform for gold mono
metallism. Neither of these ' suits the
people or is in accord with the best in
terests of the country. We must have
bimetallism, and that we will get by the
election of McKinley.
BRYAN SNUBS LABOR.
Mr. Bryan formally accepted the nomi
nation of the Democratic party for Presi
dent yesterday. A letter of acceptance
was not needed, however, unless he felt
that it was too good an opportunity to in
sult the intelligence of the American
people to let pass. He employs words
and words and words upon words in call
ing attention to issues that are of com
paratively minor importance, but when he
readies the question of questions — the
question of providing ways and means for
the idle millions to earn bread and
butter— he passes it by as a matter of no
consequence.
Every one knows that tbe cause of the
existing distress in the walks of the
"common people," as he is pleased to call
workingmen, is the direct and legitimate
consequence of the substitution of free
trade for protection, a measure which re
ceived his hearty support in and out of
Congress. When he reached that ques
tion of questions in his letter of accept
ance he kicked it aside with the remark
that "It is not necessary to discuss the
tariff question at this time."
In the name of all that is jnst and right,
if this is not the time to consider how the
hungry of the land may be fed; if this is
not the time when the voice of idle men is
heard crying for opportunity to work, for
the discussion of the problem of providing
the wage class with the means of self
support, when will ihe time come? "It
is not necessary," Mr. Bryan says, "to
discuss the tariff question at this time. 1 '
Surely labor will find no comfort or en
couragement, in such an utterance. The
needs of labor are of minor importance to
Mr. Bryan. Labor must wait while he
rides his hobby.
The people of the United States did not
wait for an honorable peace more anx
iously during the course of the Civil War
than the wage-earners have waited for the
reopening of the industries in the last two
and a half years, and now comes labor's
self-appointed champion and tells work
ingnien that the question of giving them
opportunity to employ their brain and
muscle is too unimportant a matter to en
gage his attention at this time. The be
lief prevails very generally in labor circles
that the tariff act which Mr. Bryan advo
cated so earnestly upon the floor of Con
gress was the direct cause of the indus
tries drawing their fires and discharging
their employes, and labor had the right
to expect that Mr. Bryan, as a candidate
for President and asking for labor's sup
port, would at least attempt to give the
"common people" reason to hope that if
he were elected he would interest himself
in labor's behalf, but he says "it is not
necessary to discuss" measures for the re
lief of idle labor "at this time." And yet
Bryan poses as the friend of labor!
All over the world every producer is looking
for a viarket for his produce. Every human
being is looking for something to do. Com
mercial and financial success is the highest
achievement of this age. And so we must
have protection or we will have cheap labor.
Cheap labor is never intelligent labor, and all
Americans must be iiitelligent or this Re
public cannot stajid. This is the price we
pay for liberty. IVTw can object to it? — M.
M. Estee.
TWO KINDS OF INDEPENDENCE.
In his reply to the address of the Ohio
Republican Editorial Association, Major
McKinley said: "We must educate the
people that political independence is one
thing and independence of the laws of
trade and nature is another." It will be
understood, of course, that the Chicago
platform was referred to. While that
declaration of so-called principles is a
string of contradictions, evasions and
hypocritical cant, the central thoueht is
that it would be perfectly easy for the
Democratic party to manage tbe affairs of
the Nation quite independent of the laws
of trade and nature, and since Bryan be
lieves himself to be very much wiser than
his generation, no doubt he will try to
set aside the law of gravitation and the
various other "natural causes" unless they
can prove that they come to the ''common
people" independent oi any force that
does not bejjin and end somewhere in ''my
platform," if he is elected.
One of the laws of trade which Major
Mc&inJey recognizes as being an irrevoca
ble edict of the accumulated wisdom of
trade, commerce, agriculture, finance, la
bor and industry is that wide-open shops,
mills and factories to the free admission
of labor is better for everybody than wide
open mints to the free admission of the
silver bullion of individuals is, would or
could be. Of course Major McKiniey in
terprets this edict to mean that it would,
be perfectly useless to open our shops and
mills and factories to the free admission of
labor if our markets were left to the free
admission of the product of shops, mills
and factories of countries whose wage
schedules are 50 to 75 per cent below ours,
and hence it is that he says the first step
in the direction of giving labor a free
chancs- to coin itself into dollars is to pro
tect labor and that which employs it
against hurtful invasion.
To that proposition Mr. Bryan says it
is a matter that is not necessary to dis
cuss until the mints are buckling down to
the work of turning out silver dollars, but
he does not explain how labor is to get
hold of the dollars. On the contrary his
proposition is that American labor shall
not have the dollars unless in a general
scramble with the cheap labor of Europe
it manages to gather a few. Mr. Bryan ia
in favor of throwing open our shops, mills
and factories to the free admission of
labor, but he insists that our markets
shall be wide / open to the free admission
of pauper-labor made goods of other coun
tries. That is to say, he is perfectly
willing that American labor shall have
plenty of work, but it must sell its
product at prices made by pauper labor
and to oblige that to be done he will open
the custom-houses to the free admission
of pauper- made goods and wares.
Strive for a fuller development of your tn
dustries, build up a greater and more profit
able home market for the products of your
farms, advance always that prosperity which
enables the proprietor to pay the highest scale
ofwaqes to the workingmen of America, not
the lowest. Exalt the character of your labor.
Never degrade it. — McKinley.
A FREE-SILVER REPUBLICAN.
Senator Carter of Montana is a free-sil
ver man, ana he is also a good Republi
can. He believes it desirable to open the
mints to the white metal, but not under
Democratic auspices, because that would
mean the introduction of aU the princples
of the Chicago platform into the conduct
of the affairs of the Government, and they
would be a bigger load than silver could
carry, the Senator think.s.
In an open letter to ihe Republicans of
his Stat«, Senator Carter says: "I do not
believe la free coinage coupled with free
trade, and I do not believe both can be
successfully established anfl maintained
by our Government. The free- trade policy
will render the establishment of bimet
allism an utter impossibility. AfterlooK
ing the whole situation over, it will be
found that the Republican party has not
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
declared in favor of the gold standard, but
in favor of the restoration of silver."
It will be seen that Senator Carter un
derstands tbe Republican platform to
mean bimetallism, just as every other sen
sible Republican understands it. In fact,
Bryan has declared upon saveral occasions
that tbe St. Louis platform contemplates
the use of both gold and silver without
restriction, only that he thinks his way
the better way. And Senator Carter is
right in line with the other leaders of his
party when he says that bimetallism can
not be accomplished under free trade.
Under free trade foreign industries, with
their pauper-wage schedule, would sup
ply our merchandise markets with goods
and wares, and they would be in position
to demand any kind of money they liked
of us. To be sure, their sales would be
light, because tbe majority of our people
being out of employment would have
money of no kind to spend in the mar
kets, but whatever trade there was would
be done with the kind of money Europe
wanted.
It is amazing that there are people
so blind as not to see how little free
coinage, independent of other countries,
would avail onr wage-earners, more es
pecially if our industries were not running
so as to give them opportunity to earn
dollars. Of course, we could have free
coinage and free trade and keep our in
dustries running pretty much all the
time, but not Unless we put wage-earners
on a parity with foreign wage-earners.
No doubt we could hold our markets
against the world under free trade and
independent silver coinage, but to do it we
should have to reduce the cost of our
goods and wares to what similar articles
made in other countries could be laid
down here for, and as more than 90 per
cent of the cost of our manufactured arti
cles of merchandise goes to labor it will
be seen very readily that labor would have
to submit to wages substantially the same
as are paid in other countries'. Labor
need not be told, for it knows very well
that European wage schedules would
mean European conditions of living.
What labor in this country wants first is a
chance to work at good wages. When
that is secured the money question will
pretty nearly settle itself; or, rather, com
merce will take hold of it and put in a
shape that would strengthen the hand of
labor as well as protect itself.
There is no more virulent or pronounced
free-trader in the United States to-day than
this same William J. Bryan. England has
used every possible endeavor for many years,
through the Democratic party, and such men
as Mr. Bryan as its willing servants and tools,
to get this country to adopt free trade to the
complete ruiix of its industries and its labor,
as we have seen in the past three years, to the
enormous profit of England. Mr. Bryan has
been perfectly willing to be, and is, England's
most obedient servant in that, but expresses
great abhorrence of England's influence in
favor of a gold standard. — Ex-Governor Ham
ilton of Illinois.
THEY ARE NOT REPUBLICANS.
The esteemed San Francisco organ of
candidate Bryan says:
"The Silver party nomination represents
the votes of those Republicana who are not
ready to leave their own party permanently
or to cast their lot with the Democrats or
Populists. Most of them, it may well be be
lieved, do not favor the common princi
ples of either the Democracy or the Peo
ple's party; but they are willing to lay
aside their prejudices and work and vote
for the man who represents one principle
on which they agree with their life-long
opponents."
According to our esteemed contempo- I
rary, as between the maintenance of the !
integrity and independence. of the Fed- |
oral judiciary and the throwing open of j
the mints to silver, the Silver party would
prefer the latter; that as between protect
ing American industries against the low
wage labor system of other countries and
the free and unlimited coinage of silver,
it would take free coinage; that as be
tween holding American labor in the
bonds of enforced idleness and the coinage j
of silver in an unlimited quantity, they
would accept silver coinage; that as be
tween a home market. with a continuous
demand at good prices for American farm
products and throwing open our mints to '■
the free coinage of the silver ore of pauper
wage countries, they would ask for the
opening of our mints; that as between a
sound and safe monetary system and the
unlimited coinage of the white metal they
would prefer the latter, and that as be
tween prosperity in all the channels and
highways of commerce, industry and labor '
and wide-open mints for the free and un
limited coinage of silver, they would ask
for the latter.
If, as our contemporary says, the Silver
party is willing to sacrifice every principle
and tradition of Republicanism and over- I
throw the foundation upon which the
Nation stands for the sake of removing
the present restriction upon silver coinage,
then it did right in indorsing the candi
dacy of the nominee of the Chicago Demo
cratic and the St. Louis Populist conven
tions, for Mr. Bryan represents that idea
in all its fullness. But our contemporary
wrongs the Silver party when it says it
•'represents the votes of those Republicans
who are not ready to leave their own party
permanently to cast their lot with the
Democrats or Populists."
No Republican is supporting, no .Repub
lican could- support Bryan's candidacy,
and if there is a member of the Silver
party who is claiming to be a Republican
while advocating the election of Bryan be
is an arraDt hypocrite. Republicanism is
as far removed from ; Bryanism as union
ism is removed from sectionalism. The
mission of the Republican party is to
create such conditions of existence for the
American people as shall conduce to the
highest and best good for , every man,
woman and child in all the land. It takes
in the whole range of possibilities and
works to enlarge opportunity for every
one to plant and cultivate a vine and fig
tree for himself, and about him it seeks to
maintain law, order and saiety. The
"one principle" which our contemporary
says the Silver party is contending for is
not a principle of government, it is a prin
ciple of trade and commerce, and to thrust
it upon and make it the paramount func
tion of the Government would be to make
courts, law. Congress and the whole of the
machinery of the Nation subservient to its
purpose. No, there are no Republicans in
the Silver parly nor . in the Democratic
party nor in the Populist part^^HlHH
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The elder brother of David Livingstone, the
African explorer, is still living in Listowel,
Ontario.
In Vienna bicycling has given place to
swimming, and a ladies' club has been formed.
The Queen of the Netherlands has had re
course to the womanly practice of putting up
her hair.
The Duke and Duchess of Fife have gone to
Scotland to spend a few weeks at Duff House,
Banffshire, beiorc proceeding to Upper Deeside
for the shooting season.
Li Hung Chang is credited with telling a
director of tne Bank of England that self
interest as a rule of business "is the same the
world over, but especially in England."
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
"Many persons who understand music make
the common mistake that such songs as ' Old
Black Joe,' or 'Old Folks at Home,' or 'Old
Kentucky Horne 1 are negro melodits. They i
are no more negro melodies than 'After the
Ball Is Over,' or 'Listen to the Mocking Bird.'
Negro melodies were not written, but like
Topsy 'they Just growed.' Those popular and
justly so songs, 'Tre Old Folks at Home,' etc.,
have been sung by men blacked up to repre
sent negroes for so long f» time people think
they were made by a negro." This is part of an
article recently written by Mrs. Porter-Cole, a
colored vocalist who was one of the original
Fisk jubilee singers. She names as real negro
melodies: "Go Down Moses," "Peter, Go Ring
Dem Bells," and "Nobody Knows the Trouble
I See, Lord." "None of us wished to sing the !
negro melodies," she adds, "and one young
man went home rather than do it. That was
In 1871, and we looked upon them as badges i
of slavery. Just as my mother had snatched '
MRS. PORTER COLE, Who Says "Old Kentucky Home" Is No
Negro Melody.
the bright-colored head handkerchief from
I her beautiful black hair and flung it into a
distant corner, when she heard she was a free
woman, because it was to her a badge of
slavery, we would forget those songs we had
heard all our lives. Our director, always a
man of determination, had his wav, however,
and his jubilee singers sang first two or three,
that those who so much desired to hear them
might do bo. To him I think we are indebted
for the preservation of the only native Ameri
can music."
J. D. Siehan has written to the Song Journal
I to plead for the observance of professional
ethics by all music-teachers. He says: "Pos
| sibly all toe professions need elevating, but in
I my opinion there is none that exhibits such
j lamentable lack of dignity as the profession of
music. Fancy for instance members of the
lt*gal and medical professions writing personal
letters to clients and patients of other practi
tioners offering reduced rates and other in
ducements in order that such patrons may be
' brought over to themselves. The methods
] followed by some of our fraternity would dis
grace a peanut-vender. 1 know a piano-
I teacher, a lady of couslderable ability and
i reputation, who actually writes personal,
j urgent letters to the pupils of other teachers,
trying to persuade them to leave their present
j instructors and come over to her. This is up
holding the dignity of the profession, isn't it?
It may be that this method has brought th»
lady a few more pupils, but it will eventually
impair her standing with the people of Detroit.
If I were to presume to offer advice to teachers
; I shotud say: 'Don't try to uuild a reputation
in any way except by honest work.' "
Strange to any, Germany possesses no statue
to Richard Wagner or Franz Liszt. The
Weimar Journal is now proposing that, to cele
brate the tenth anniversary of the death of
Liszt, a statue should be erected to him at
Weimar, where the Liszt Museum already
exists, to perpetuate hia memory. It Is be
lieved that the innumerable pupils of Liszt
would contribute liberally, particularly those
who, like Sophie Menter, have made large
fortunes. It is very possible that the Hunga
rians will protest against Weimar as the site
of the statue, and will point with pride to the
fact that they already have a statue of Liazt in
front of the lloyal Opera-house at Budapest.
It cannot be denied, however, that Germany
has very strong claims on the master, and the
probability is that Liszt's pupils would con
sider Weimar the best Dlace for the erection of
a commemorative statue.
One of the singers promised for the Mapleson
company is J»ne Harding, a French soprano,
who made her debnt two years ago. That was
her first appearance as a vocalist, but she had
been a notorious character for some years, and
on the occasion of her appearance in opera (it
was made in Balnt-Saens' "Phryne") there was
a popular demonstration against her. Vegeta
bles and other mocking tributes were thrown
on the stage and a etorm of catcalls drowned
most of the vocalist's efforts. Jane Harding
went through her part with perfect indiffer
ence to the demonstration and the following
day the papers were almost unanimous in
censuring the public for letting the private
character of the singer interfere with her re
ception as an artist. Since then she has con
tinued to sing and has won some recognition.
She is said to be possessed of a light, trivial
soprano voice, which she uses skillfully enough
to atone for its utter lack of volume.
William Parry, the stage manager of the
Metropolitan Opera-house, is just home from
Bayreuth, where he went to get suggestions
for the stage setting and the stage manage
ment of "Die Walkure," which is to be given
at the Metropolitan next winter. He says it ii
not possible to produce operas in New York as
are done at Bayreuth and Munich. "Wo do
too many operas, and we cannot attend to
each with all the closenesss ana care that they
put into them over there. When I told Herr
Fuchs, the stage manager at Bayreuth, and
also at Munich, that we did twenty-four ope
ras in twelve weeks he did not make any reply,
but be looked at me in a way thet seemed to
say, 'That is another American lie. 1 "
The European opera-houses are beginning to
annouuee their programmes for the coming
season. The Lyric Theatre, at Milan, will re
open in the middle of this month with Mint.
Emma Nevada in "Lakme," and the works to
follow are "The Navarralse.'" with Mme. De
Nuovina, "Mignon," with Miss Simonnet, and
Miss Sibyl Sanderson in "Phryne." The nov
elties already announced for the Scala season
consist of Leoncavallo's "La Boherae," and
Mascagm's now Japanese opera. The Argen
tina at Rome will play for the first time
"Camargo," by De Leve, and the San Carlo at
Naples' will give the initial performance of
Franchetti's new opera, "Pourceaugnac."
Fame came to the recently deceased Pro
fessor Crouch by writing the melodious
"Kathleen Mavourneen," a song founded on a
story written by Mrs. Crawford, whose auto
biography was then appearing in Captain
Marryatfs Metropolitan .Magazine. The sone,
which was written in Londou, had a spon
taneous and lasting success, but Crouch some
times regretted the following line when he
heard Cockney warblers -pronounce it: "The
'orn of the 'unter is 'card on the 'ill." (The
horn of the hunter is heard on the hill.)
Musicians do not seem to be clubable, except
in combination with members of other pro
fessions. The stage, law, journalism, the army
and navy and various other professions have
clubs in most countries, but musicians' cluDs
are generally dismal failures. Tbe London
Truth attributes this to the fact that the
projectors of such clubs have imagined pro
fessors of music hanker after musical perform
ances in their hours of ease. What they really
do desire is to meet possible pupils.
Signor Mancinelli, one of the eondudtors of
the Metropolitan Opera-house during the
grand opera season, has written a cantata,
"Hero and Leander," which will be produced
at the Norwich festival in October. The Prince
of Wales, who is a great admirer of Manci
nelli's conducting at Covent Garden, has
signified his intention of attending the per
formance.
The appearance of Maggie Cline in Newport
drntYiiig-rooms singing "Throw Him Down,
McClusky," and "Ar-rah, Go On," and other
ditties in that line, shows that fashionable
society at the queen of watering-places knows
what real fun is and where to anply for it, but
evidently it is not to Newport society that we
must look for elevation of the art of music.
Legal documents have been taken out making
Earl de Gray, M. H. V. Higgins and Maurice
Gran proprietors and administrators of the
Royal Italian Opera of Coven Garden, London.
Grau, who is well known on this side of the
water on account of his share in the adminis
tration of the Metropolitan Opera-house, is
considered to be the best man that could have
been chosen to succeed Sir Augustus Harris.
The Czar— it is becoming the fashion now to
spell it Tsar— and the Czarina are to be greeted
in Paris by great musical manifestations. The
authorities have arranged two series of operas
in their honor— one consisting of the works of
deceased composers and the other consisting
of the works of men who are still alive. Mas
senet, Saint-Saens and Reyer figure on the lat
ter list.
At the Geneva exposition 600 executants
are to perform a composition by Daniel Band-
Bovy and Jacques Dalcrose. entitled "Poem
Alpestre." The work was produced for the
first time last spring and met with great suc
cess.
Dresden, perhaps the most musical city in
Germany, has been provided with another
concert-room, to hold about 1400 people and
framed on the model of the new Gewaudhaus
at Leipzig.
AN ATTRACTIVE COSTUME.
The belted basque is the latest development
of the waist or jacket effect. This has a circu
lar basque added and may be trimmed in a
variety of ways at the top. The sailor collar
with revere fronts is shown here, being one of
the best-liked models.
The new plaid, striped and embroidered
woolens of the fall are beiug made up into
such waists with very good results, as one
seen, which was worn with collar and a
narrow ribbon belt of turquoise-blue satin rib
bon, matching one of the stripes of several
colors which made the plaid.
Mohairs are made in this way. A plain
brown one was worn with a narrow white
leather belt, the crush collar being of Dresden
ribbon with a white ground.
For early fall, cheviot, tweed and in fact all
the fabrics in wool are charming made up af;er
this model, and will be much in evidence as
soon as outer wraps are laid aside. The first
cool autumn days will show a vast number of
these becoming waists.
They arc made over a fitted lining, the out
side being seamless. The basque or peplum is
cut separate, in circular shape.
One Good Turn Deserve* Another.
Palo Alto Times.
The Republican party ol California is
pledged to the support of woman suffrage and
every intelligent woman in the State owes it
to herself and her sex to use her influence for
the success oi tne Republican ticket
PERSONAL
F. A. Cutler of Eureka is in the City.
E. W. Churchill, the banker, of Napa, is In
town.
C. N. Fielding oi Keswick. Eng., arrived here
last evening.
a A. Storke, the attorney, of Santa Barbara,
is at the Lick.
Alberto Ramirez of Venezuela is among
recent arrivals.
Otway C. Morrow ot Hillsboro, Ohio, la at
the Occidental.
George Crocker arrived here yesterday and
is at the Palace.
C. F. Downs, the mine-owner, of Sutter Creek,
is on a visit here.
J. D. Meyer, a wholesale merchant of Port
land, is at the Palace.
Alfred V. La Motte, a vinyardist of Glen
Ellen, Is at the Grand.
Thomas B. Bond, the capitalist, of Lakeport,
arrived here yesterday.
Virsril Coun, a mine-owner of Paisley, Or.,
reached here yesterday.
D. E. Knight, the banker and railroad man,
af Marysville is at the Palace.
Professor Edward H. Griggs of Stanford Uni
versity is on a visit to the City.
A. H. Bell and Mrs. Bell of Washington, D. C,
are among recent arrivals here.
C. W. V'aldron, one of the owners of the
Santa Cruz Sentinel, is in town.
Ernest Graves, one of the leading lawyers of
Southern California, is in town.
J. C. Ericksen, the wealthy cattle-grower of
Humboldt County, is at the Lick.
Captain R. R. Searles, the well-known steam
ship commander, is at the Palace.
George H. Tolbert of Washington, D. C, was
among yesterday's arrivals at the Russ.
Cristinna Koch of Quesaltenango was among
Tuesday's arrivals here, and is at the Palace.
J. G. Walker, a wealthy furniture manufac
turer of Chicago, is registered at the Baldwin.
James Simpson, the widely known owner of
redwood timber lands and sawmills, is at the
Lick.
James P. McCarthy, the well-known real
estate man of San Francisco, is registered at
the Hollenbecb, Los Angeles.
James Mcllwaine, a business man of San Sal
vador, was among the arrivals here by the
steamer Newport. He is at the Occidental.
S. W. Van Syckel of New York, who recently
bought the Petaluma Gas Works and is nego
tiating for the ga* works at Woodland and
other places on the coast, is at the Baldwin.
Among the arrivals at the Palace are Charles
H. Charltou and Louis R. Sasinot of New
Orleans.who own extensive cotton plantations
in Louisiana. They are here mainly for
pleasure.
Guy A. R. Lewlngton. superintendent of the
Del Norte Mining Company, Klamath County,
is in the City. He says there is a good deal of
progress in gola-mining development along
the Klamatn River.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 9.-At the St.
Cloud, Mrs. E. Garruner, L. Pollock; Morton,
F. Thompson; Metropolitan. W. Emmerson, O.
M. Brennan, W. H. Miner; Rroadway, H. Vent
win, G. Gunti; Grand Union, H. K. Chambers.
HOW TO VOTE.
San Jose Mercury.
by W. a. hawlky.
It sppms to me that voters now should take a
retrospect, .
Four veers ago they wanted "change" and got the
full effect.
The free trade scheme was catching then, they
had to pay so much
For every suit of clothes they bought, and tin and
other such
They voted Cleveland In the chair. He cracked
his whip with ease
And brought down all of the Democrats before
him on tbeir knees;
He whipped them right and left you know with
his old bulldog* ill, -
And then he robbed the Treasury with the Wilson
tariff bill;
He whipped It through our Congress against all
• business sense
And tried to ran oar nation on less money than
expense.
Then of this King called Cleveland they got so
mighty sick ■ ■ '
They had to hide their blunder, and do It very
slick, 1 , > -- ■ ■
And so the Cleveland party In error now does
hatch -v- ■■:.??
And foist upon unwary ones "free silver" for a
catch ■
The i ' ye made a dismal failure of free trade as
• you know, .'• . ■. •
But this "free silver" will, they say, prevent our
overthrow.
They know "free silver" will enrich the silver
king, if won:
Tut- laboring man it cannot help, if factories do
not run.
What good "free silver" e'er can be to those with
naught to do ■ • . .
Is more than 1 can comprehend (and no one else),
■ can you ?
To get the silver dollar you will ' readily pre
ceiv« j.
You'll give a labor value for whatever you re
. ceive. . ■ ■
Don't let the words "free silver" assist them to
bulldoze
You ne'er will nave It (without work) put In your
hands or clothes. .
Vote for protection. Let our mills and factories
open stand.
Start iron and tin and silver mines wherever In our
land.
The coal and lumber Interests, too, and mighty
soon you'll see
Our wheat and wool and cotton move and every
industry.
Let's keep all pauper labor from out our ports,
now free,
And lit our Yankee vessels float onr products o'er
i the sea. \
Our dollar then the world at large will not dis
count 1 cen:,
And L borers all have work to do to make their
homes content.
There'll be no strikes upon our shores, nor other
treat objection
When we elect McKinley to carry out protec
tion. ■ _____________ -;v-&--^
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Did Julia come home engaged?"
"I don't think so. Didn't you notice that she
was all bitten up by gnats and mosquitoes?"—
Chicago Record.
"No, sah," said the colonel; "I never go
hnnttng, sah. It is cruelty."
"But you fish, colonel. Isn't that cruelty,
too? "
"What is a fish?" asked the colonel, in scorn
ful tones. "A creature that has its existence
entiahly in wat&h, sah." — Indianapolis
Journal.
EUie— Why does your husband speak of you
as his right hand?
Mrs. Ray— Give it up, unless because he
never lets his right hand know what his left
hand doeth.— Truth.
"They say that brainy people have a dread
fully hard time learning to ride wheels."
"Yes; I suppose they are figuring on the laws
of gravitation when they ought to be wiggling
their legs."— Puck.
Panse, stranger, pause, as you pass by,
And shed a briny tear
In kind memory of him
Who lies Interred here.
I did not die of fever dread,
Nor cramps, nor Indigestion;
I croaked of too much telling how
To solve the money question.
. —Buffalo Express.
Brown— Poker must be a pretty old game
Jones— l don't know. Why do you think
it is?
Brown-Didn't the Israelites krag for the
jackpots of Egypt ?— Up to Date.
"Has Maude's head been turned by that for
tune she inherited ?" x
"No; only her nose. It has turned up about
fifteen degrees."-Cincinnati Enquirer.
T«ating It a Little.
Stockton Independent.
A general shout of condemnation against
the corporation known as Wells, Fargo & Co
may be expected because it paid its employes
in silver laat Friday. Tho president says!
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— Latest U. S. Gov't Report
Df&fet I Baking
AB&OI.UTEE.Y E»UBE
philosophically, that, as the company had to
get rid of its silver in some way, it might as
well use it to accustom the employes to what
thay will have to receive ohould Bryan be
elected. This suggests a new apnlication of
Mr. Bryan's snap question. If silver is a good
thing wny wait until Congress has forced it on k
tho people, and if it is not good now how will
it be good a year or two hence, if there is no
other money?
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Supreme Court Examinations — M. A., Oak
land, Cal. The following is tne rule that gov
erns the examinations in the Supreme Court
of this State:
Applicants for admission to practice inw will
not hereafter dp examined in open court at the
sessions liekl in Sacramento and In San Francisco.
In pursuance to the amendment to section 276 of
the Code of Civil Procedure, thrt c of the Conn
Commissioners will be designated by tha Chief
Justice to conduct public examinations of ail per
sona who present their applications in due form.
Such examinations will be hold at thp Sui reiae
Conrt building in San Francisco on the fourth
Mondays of April, August and December. L'n!".m
otherwise ordered applicants who are bona-flde
residents of any of the counties of the Los i
district will, if they so desire, be examined at the
bepinnin; of oach session of the court in Los An
gt les, as heretofore.
Atlantic and Pacific Steamers— f. 1., city.
The following table will give all the informa
tion asked for about steamors on the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans:
370.0
4*o.3 HelglC
308 *
of
440.9
6 . 449 i"'ur«t
II
314 Atari
380
460 '.
Queen..... 331.2
283
3:26.5 Ho
238.6
310
can Average 4 16 *
I -,;■■•/'-.
Names. Length.
.
jereaseel to 19. ♦• indicated.
1,937.89
3,815
3,128.99 6,060.62
6,080
4.V69 4,676
4,855 8,430
6,61)8 6,661
8,168.23
8,820
, 6,687
1,tt72.15
I^HH.-JH 2,080.72
1,336.60 2,416.78
1,035
37 3,660.76
Gross Tounage. Net Tonnage.
800
477
950 963
471 960
1,794 471
803 1,794
3,000 *•
WO
678
2,000
285
453
345 83
345
Nominal
Horsepower.
"is"
14 3 D
18 14
19.6 14
15 14
18 19.5
15 16
14 15
18
18
16
14
15
Knots of
Speed.
The First Railroad— A large number of au
thorities give it as a fact that the first railroad
in the United States was the one that was built
from the Quincy quarries to tidewater on New
port Creek, already mentioned in this depart
ment, but A. N. Hungerford of this City, in a
letter to Answers to Correspondents, differs
from these authorities. He writes:
The first railroad In this country wa? the one
built on Beacon Hill, Boston, by Silas Whitney in
1807, eighteen years bafore the one from the quar
ries was built. The second one was built, by
Thomas Leiper in 1808 in Kidley Township, Dela
ware County, Pa. The survey and dratt of t:ie
road were made by John Thompson, and the origi
nal map is now in the rooms of the Delaware
County Institute of Science. The road was tnree
auarters of a mile In length and the estimate of
cost was $1592 47. It was used In transporlin?
stone from the Kidiey fiui=rri^B to tidewater on
Hid ley Crfek, a tributary of the Delaware, 'ihe
rails were wood, and the road continued in use for
nineteen years, when it was superseded by Iron
rails and a canaL The first railroad chartered in
the United States was never built. The chant r
was granted in about 1815 and th«> road was to
have run from the Delaware Kiver near Trenton
to the Haritan near New Brunswick.
In 1816 a railroad was built In Western Penn
sylvania on the Kisitiiuinilas Kiver and wus used
to cor.vey coal to Andrew Bos* s salt works below
£altsburg. On the 7tU of April, 1823, the K«w
York Le«lslaluie granted a cnarter to tbe Dela
ware and Hudson «-anal Company to construct a
canal and ra: iroud from tue coat fields or Pennsyl
vania to the Hudson River ot RonJoui, N.Y. The
canal was completed iv 18-8 aud the railroad in
1829. The latter waß sixteen miles long uud ex
t'-nded from Honesdule to Carbondale. In 18V6
the Quincy ranroad wan completed and was four
mites in length, including branches, to haul gran
ite blocks to the port of Newport from the quar
ries. The rails were of wood, but strapped wnh
Iron plates three inches wide and a quarter of an
Inch thick. In 1827 the Mauch Chunk Ilallroad
la Carbon County, Pa,, with four miles of siding,
was built to connect tbe coal mines of the J-ehigh
Coal ana Navigation Company with the Leblgb
Itlver. The road was nlnf miles long. In August,
1830, the Mohawk and Hudson Ra'lroad for thct
carrying of passengers and freight from Albany to
bchenectady, a distance of seventeen miles, was
commenced, and. was opened for travel September
12, 1831. Tlit* charter was granted In 1826. On
the 28th of February, 18".'7, the Maryland Legisla
ture granted a charter tor the construction of the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, which was the first
one in the United Mutes to carry passengers.
Its construction was commenced July 4,1828,
Charles Carroll of Carrollton laying the corner
stone. The road was opened from Baltimore to
Klliotl's Mills, a distance of thirteen miles, on
May .4, 1830. The Charleston and Hamburg
Railroad was chartered by the South Carolina
Legislature.. December 19, 18*27, the road was
b.gun and six miles were completed in 1829 and
opened for travel December B, 1830. Ine road
was completed a distance of 136 m'.les In Septem
ber, IS3B, then the lonctst continuous road In the
wur.d. All these roads used wooden rails with
iron plates on them, and some roads used such as
late as 1850. In 1833 wrought Iron rails of Eng
lish manufacture were laid down on part of th*
line of the Baltimore and Ohio, before the road
was constructed to I'olnt of Rocks. These rails
were known as the Birkenshaw rails, having been
t)' tented in Kngland by John Birkensbaw on the
20th of October, 1820. The Clar»nc9 rail, an Im
provement on tbe Birkenshaw, was used on the
Allegheny Portage Railroad, 'lhe H rail was first
u>ed on part of the Boston and Lowell road, which
was completed In 1886.
A kick -Townsend's California Glace
Fruits, 50c lb., in Jap baskets. 627 Market. *
» ♦ •
M. Zola's next romance, "Paris," will not be
ready for fifteen or sixteen months to come.
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
* — « — »
Cleveland Wink* at the Butcheries.
Sacramento Bee.
Weyler continues to imprison and torture
Americans. Heavy battles are being fought
every day in Cuba, but Grover know it not.
About all he comprehends is that fishing ii
"just tolerable" in Buzzards Bay.
Are You Gome Jbagt?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Snnta F«
route— is the coolest and mos: comfortable sam
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Varticularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticke: office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1531. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
As an expectorant Ayors Cherry Pectoral
instantly relieves the bronchial tubes of the
mucus that obstructs and irritates them.
Dr. Sieoert's Angostura Bitters are the best
remedy for removing indigestion and all diseases
of the digestive organs.
Fall styles standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Marke; St., near Sixth.
Argument vs. Bluster.
Santa Cruz sentinel.
It isu't the severest writer nor the biggest
bluffer that convinces the most people. On
the contrary both of them invite distrust
Quiet argument grains more converts than
bluster. Earnestness, sincerity, seem more in
herent in the sincere editor tnan to the ram
pant demagogue.THURSDAY " SKI-TKMBEK 10, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldttix TnßATKß.— "Madame Sani Geno."
California Th later.-" On the Bowery."
' '.Jl-MBIA TI!KATKK-"Tbe Wife."
>-op.oi«ro's ciKKA-llousii-"The Great Brook-
lyn Handicap." -
Tivor.i OrEi»A-IJocsK.-*The Bohemian Girl."'
CnruEult- Hlßn-CTass Vaudevllla.
ajcazak Theater.— "All the Comforts of
Home."
tCTRo Baths— Bathing and performances.
fraooT the CutTKs--Dwly at Ualgot street,
cue block east of the Park.
Circus— At central Park.
Mechanics' Jnstititk Tavilion— Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition.
AUCTION SALES.
By Gro. F. Lamson-— This day (Thursday),
Furniture, at 310 llaight street, at 11 o'clock.
By Fkanjc W. £uttkrfiki,d— This day (Thurs
day), Furniture, at Seventeenth street, near
Uuerrero, a: '-' o'clock.
By L. Vin< v-NT-Frtday. September 11, Furni-
ture, at 2003 California street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fireman won the coursing stake at Ingleside
Park yesterday.
A Chinaman takes three shots at a Southern
Pacific conductor.
Fair Thursday, fresh northwesterly winds—
locai forecast official.
Several interesting games were played in
the handball courts yesterday.
A number of enjoyable excursions took place
to different points on the bay yesterday.
The Calliopean Baseball Club won a victory
over the Burkers at the Presidio yesterday.
The San Francisco Golf Club gave its first
tournament yesterday at the Presidio grounds.
The woman's suffrage campaign in this City
will open to-night with a rally in Metropolitan
Temple.
The Rev. J. E. Scott lectured before the
Socialists last evening upon "Why I Became a
Socialist."
Archbishop Riordan lectured last evening to
a large audience at Metropolitan Temple on
"Civil Liberty."
The baby show at the Pavilion yesterday
was very largely attended and the entries
numbered over 200.
The outlyine artillery regiments have all
been ordered back to the Presidio, where Gen
eral Graham is in command.
Supervisor Joseph Dimond will accept the
nomination lor Mayor tendered him by the
Buckley Democrats on Saturday.
Colonel Shatter has taken charge of the
State's infantry and will henceforth dwell at
Fort Mason instead of Angel Island.
The Scottish clans celebrated Admission day
at Shell Mound Park yesterday, where they
enjoyed themselves at their national games.
Admission day was generally observed on
the water front yesterday by a" generous dis
play of flags from the mastheads of the ship
ping.
Ex-Congressman Geary has refused to stump
the State for Bryan and Sewall. He cannot
support the anarchistic platform adopted at
Chicago.
The notorious "Mike" Shay fired five shots
without effect at Jack Dooley in a Mission
saloon last evening. Domestic trouble was
the cause.
It is believed that the Merchants' Associa
tion will protest against the nctlon of the State
Board of Equalization in raising the City
nssessment.
David McGuire, driver of a butcher's de
l:vory-wasron, was crushed in the sidewalk ele
vator at t!ie Cafe Zinkand yesterday morning
and may die.
T!ip Fir=t Congregational Society is to invite
the Rev. Dr. Adams of St. Louis to supply the
pnlpir of the First Congregational Church for
ihe time being.
Gustave Law, a boatman, during a fight
yestprriny struck Philip Meehan on the head
with a piece of an oar and was arrested for
assault to murder.
Csptain Thomas Mpin, the California mining
engineer who has been in Johannesburg for
four year?, is nn his way home, having made a
handsome fortune.
A burglar, who attempted to break into the
ice of George McCraith. 311 Church
street, w^s fired at and shot, but eucceeacd in
making his escape.
Justice Groezinger has cited James Craven
to appear in contempt proceedings and ex
plain who forced the name of the Justice and
others to a writ of possession.
A young woman who gave the mmc of
JTnrmonft Wells died at the Receiving Hos
pital yesterday morning and mystery sur
rounds her identity and cause of death.
James D. Phelan hns advised the Association
of Improvement Club to oppose the adoption
rf constitutional amendment No. 1, which pro
vides for the repeal of the mortgage tax.
The twenty-third annual plrnic and excur
sion of S\ Patrick's Mutual Alliance Associa
tion w.is hela yesterday at Schuetzen Park,
near San Rafael. It was a grand success.
The three-masted schooner Hera arrived
yesterday from the northern Asiatic coa«t with
125.000 codfish consigned to the McCallum
Fishing and Trading Company ot tnis City.
The Macdonough cup in the interclub re
entta. held yesterday, wrs won by the Truant.
The San Jose yacht Papoose, although not en.
tfred, was timed and made an excellent show
ing.
A benefit concert for the Mi»«lon Association
will be given in Y. K. C. A. Hall this evening.
The concert will introduce Mme. Hermine
Smith, the Austrian pianist, and Mrs. Sterlitz
Davis of Berlin.
Justice, Bateman <fc Co.'s circular on the
■wool market states that more than 75 p*»r cent
of the woolen mills and factories of the United
States have b<»en closed by reason of the opera
tion of the Wilson act.
W. H. Smith, alias D. Banks, was arrested
Tnesdav in Oakland on a dispatch from Port
land, charging him with stealing two bicycles,
lust as he was going to get married to Adelie
Laura Tucker of Santa Clara.
Athletic games took place at the Presidio
yesterday forenoon and afternoon. The ball
'game between the heavy battery and the light
battery was won by the former. Corporal
Bould, of D Battery was several times a winner.
The Pocletv of California Pioneers held a
very *ner»«isful celebration yesterday at El
( am po. The orator of the day was S. M. Shnrt
ridire, who made a telling address. A straw
vote was taken, McKinley receiving- 201 and
Bryan 66.
At tbe last meeting of the Thirty-eighth
Assembly District Improvement Club a com
mittee was appointed to try to secure better
car facilities on the McAllister-street line from
the carhmise west. Hereafter the club will
meet on Thursday evenings.
Professor f\ g. Sargent and three other mem
bers of the United States Forestry Comnil«Bion
arrived here yesterday, after an inspection of
the creat timber rpplons. National parks and
roserva'ions. They ml] now go to San Jacinto,
San Gabriel and other placas.
Over 7000 persons attended the trotting
tournament at Ineleside track yesterday after
noon upon the invitation of tha Golden Gate
Park Driving Association, the object of which
Is to increase public interest in horses and im
prove the speed track in the park.
MADE A BIG FORTUNE.
Captain Thomas Mem Coming Home
From South Africa With Otbt
9500,000.
Captain Thomaß Mem, the widely known
California mining engineer who has for
the past four years been in South Africa,
is now in London. He is on his way home,
and will henceforth make his permanent
residence here.
It is said that he has ma^e a fortune of
between $500,000 and $750,000. He is a
close personal friend of John Hays Ham
mond. Captain Mem was for a long time
connected with mining operations in
Crass Valley and elsewhere in the State.
He is expected to arrive inside of a month.
Captain Mem has had charge of some of
• the largest mining properties In the Jo
hannesburg district. He likes California
for a home and is glad to return.
An Incondlary'n Work.
An alarm of fire was turned in from box 137,
Post and Lark in streets, ]ate yesterday even
ing. Engine 3 was nt once on the crene and
the fire was discovered to be at 930 Post
Btreet. The flames', which nre supposed" to be
of Jnceudinry origin, were speedily extln
gui.-hed. The damage will aggregate. $300.
Albums, onyx tables, larcps. framed pietureu,
etc.. for weddiDg presents, at Sanborn & Vails.*
After Rounding the Presidio Buoy the Yachts Had a Clear Run, Before the Wind, for Goat Island and Thence Around
the Southampton Shoal Buoy. The Tug Vigilant Followed Them Up, and the Combination Made One
of the Prettiest Scenes Ever Witnessed on the Bay.
THE TRUANT
WON THE CUP
It Was an Exciting Contest
From Start to Fin
ish.
A NUMBER OF ACCIDENTS
Halyards Gave Way and Spars
Went by the Board in Sev
eral Instances.
CHALLENGES NCW IN PROSPECT
Catherine Beat the Fawn Over Seven
Minutes and Thus Regains Her
Standing.
The Pacific Inter-club Yacht Associa
tion's regatta yesterday was not altogether
a success. Owing to the light wind that
prevailed in the morning many boats
could not reach the starting point, and in
consequence the California and Corinthian
clubs had to do without come of their
cracks.
Among those who were becalmed in
Oakland Creek were the Lucille, Pilgrim,
Sea Fox, Hope, Surprise, Halcyon, U and
I and the JUillie V. Had they only been
able to cross the bay they might have
made a closer contest in many of the
classes. As it was tbe race for the Mac
donough cup and the prize flags was a
series of the most exciting races ever seen
on the bay. Whether tbe nest yachts won
is still in doubt, as the Elia carried away
her throat halyards and had to retire from
the race; the Sleipner lost her topsail and
for a few moments was almost a wreck
and the £olus broke her topmast.
The Harpoon's jibslay carried away,
but Captain Cook had the damage re
paired in a few minutes. In spite of this
handicap the Harpoon finished well ahead
in her class, and was only beaten out by
the Clara of the Corinthians by a short
margin.
The Harpoon was the only entry in the
36-foot class, as the Theiina and Edna did
not reach the starting line in time, and
the Clara waa practically the onJy yacht
in tbe 44-foot class, as the Elia was dis
sbled and withdrew.
The performances of the starters were
as follows:
- Yacht. I Start. Finish. ! E '*jJf,? d I rectTd
. I J Time. 1 Time.
Nereid 1:01:43 3:18:31 2:16:48 2:16:48
Guinevere..... [1:01:19 3:15:13 '2:14:01 2:09:57
Plnta l:03:3H did not finish ,
Vixen. 1:02 8:40:60 2:38:22 2:27:26
Alert 1:11 :»8 8:27:40 2:16:42 2:15:42
Pbcpnicla...... 1:13:18 3:29:64 2:16*:36 2:16:01
Mirth 1:12:56 3:30:08 2:17:12 2:16:13
Wist 1:10:31 3:39:40 2:29:09 2:26:44
CUM 1:10:62 did no; jflnish
iEolus. 1:24:27 did not finish
Truant 1:22:41 4:06:34 2:42:53 2:42:53
Hl<'!pner 1:21:18 did not finish \
Whirlwind.... 1:23:45 4:18:00 2:54:1612:48:06
Fawn 1:23:46 4:22:37 2:58:51 ; 2:51:12
Catherine .... 1:21:34 4:14:04 2:62:80 2:44:36
Papoojo 1:26:24:4:27:64 8:01:30
' f Oflirlal
H«p00n.... US?
I 1:37:36 1 4:15:46 2:40:46 2:37:29
Ella 1:40:55 did not finish
Clara.... 1:41:49 4:14:45 2:32:56 2:31:57
The Harpoon was not ready to cross the !
line within the limit, and in consequence |
she lost 2 minutes and 36 seconds on the
start.
As will be seen by the above table the
Macdonou;;h cup was won by tbe yacht
\ Truant with the Catherine second. The
Fawn finished in the ruck, yet, strange to
say. in the race for the perpetual chal
lenge cup she beat the Catherine easily.
The latter was built especially to beat the
Encinal's crack, but got the worst of it.
Yesterday she turned the tables and
showed her heels to the cracks.
The yachts that won flags in their class
were the Truant and Catherine in the 30
-footers, tbe Alert and Phoenicia in the 26
-footers. the Guinevere and JNereid in the
yawls and the Clara and Harpoon in the
44 and 36 footers.
la the race between the Elia and Clara
the former was leading by almost a min
ute when tbe accident happened. After
that tbe Clara had it all her own way.
The best showing of the day was that
made by the San Jose yacht Papoose.
She sailed like a witch and was wonder
THE SA]ST FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
THE INTERCLUB REGATTA.
fully well handled. The timers bad not
her official measurement, but when it is
procured the chances are that it will be
shown that she bas beaten some of the
best yachts in the bay.
The officers of the Pacific Inter-club
Yacht Association for IS9G are as follows:
Charles G. Yale, president; C. L. Tisdale,
vice-president: P. R. I'Hommedieu, secretary;
Charles W. Flatt, treasurer.
REPRESENTATIVES.
San Francisco Yacht Club— Charles G. Yale,
Charles H. Morrell, W. M. McCarthy.
Pacific Yacht Club— William Cunningham,
Alexander Swanson, J. D. Maxwell.
Corinthian Yacht Club— William A. Barlage.
Charles W. Platt, H. E. Pennell.
Enclnal Yacht Clvb — C. L. Tisdale, Commo
dore J. A. Leonard, H. M. Landsberger.
California Yacht Club— Admiral A. E. yon
Schmidt, Marston Campbell, K. R. l'Homme
dieu.
Regatta committee— Charles G. Yale, Alex
der Sivan*on, W. A. Barlage, H. M. Landsber
ger, Marston Campbell.
Referee— Captain Lewis Turner.
The tug Vigilant, Captain Clem Randall,
took out the association's guests and <as
Captain "Aiex Swanson was looking after
the comfort of ail and sundry it eoes with
out saying that the cruise was an enjoyable
one to the many guests who sailed with the
judges on the Vieilant.
INCREASED TAXES.
The Merchants' Association Will Prob
ably Knter a Protest Against
the Raise.
At its quarterly meeting to-nieht the
Merchants' Association will probably take
some action in relation to the recent raise
in the City assessment rate. The right of
the State Board of Equalization to raise
the assessment 20 per cent is seriously
questioned. One of the officers said yes
terday :
"There does not seem to be any doubt
that the action of the equalizers is a
proper subject for review by the Supreme
Court. That the courtß may take cogni
zance of the action of the board seems to
be settled by the fact that the action of
the Railway Commissioners was made the
subject of legal investigation. Tlie equal
izers seem to stand in much the same
position. We believe that there can be no
official act without some redress. The
equalizers may possibly be right, and in
that case a decision by the court would
settle the question, as It would should it
be found that a rank injustice has been
done."
Grand Fall Opening.
Imported bats, bonnets and all tbe leading
novelties on Thursday, September 10 at
Mozart's Parisian Millinery, corner Sixth and
Market streets. •
SHOT AT THE CONDUCTOR
A Chinaman Who Objected to
the Southern Pacific Com
pany's Methods.
Ha Drew His Revolver and Fired
Three Shots at Harry
Enwick.
Harry Enwiclt, the early-morning-train
conductor from San Jose to this City, is
contentedly nursing a few bruises and
abrasions, while offering up thanks that
nothing more serious has happened to
him. «
Monday morning Enwick signaled his
train out of San Jose to arrive here at 6:80.
Among his passengers was a Chinaman
who had barely caught it, not haying time
to stop for bis ticket at the office.
The heathen was not aware of the arbi
trary assessment imposed by the railroad
company under the name of "train rates,"
whicn imposes a fine of 10 per cent on pas
sengers wtio do not purchase their trans
portation in advance, and he raised vocif
erous objections to the tax. They were of
no avail, however, and he brooded over
the supposed discrimination to such an
I extent that he was at real highbinder
fighting heat when Lawrence station was
reached.
Enwick bad stepped on the platform, in
the regular course of his duty, and he
gracefully waved his hand to the engineer
to make another start
Bang! bang I bang! was heard, and
the smoking revolver of the Chinaman
poured out three leaden pellets calcu
lated to take tbe last breath out of any
man if properly directed.
Enwick Is athletic, and above all he is
sprightly. The first shot and the whiz of
the bullet warned him of his danger. He
did everything but try to throw the race
in his run for cover, and the last two bul
lets never caught him. The Chinaman
has not been captured either.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
 . » ♦ •
Out of every three companies registered
in England two become insolvent.
FLAGS FLEW FROM
EVERY MASTHEAD
Admission Day Was Pic
turesquely Observed on
the Front.
EXCURSIONS ON THE BAY
A Slow Long-Distance Race Be
tween Two Ambitious Ama
teur Rowers.
WATER FRONT PHILANTHROPY
How a Prisoner En Route to San
Quentin Prison Lost a Deputy
Sheriff.
Admission day was observed on the
water front with the fluttering of bright
bunting from flagstaff and masthead, from
dock to dock. Almost all the shipping in
the harbor flew their national ensigns, and
some of the vessels, especially the State
tugs, were handsomely decorated.
A number of private excursions took
place to different points on the bay, one
of which wasaboird the schooner Roaie H.
It was composed of the Winter Cotillon
Club, and was chaperoned by Assistant
Chief Wharfinger H. 8. Bcott, who was in
turn assisted in his sea-social duties by
Chief George W. Root.
Stephen Gill and Honry Miller of the
water front, who are not professional
boatmen, but who are, nevertheless,
rivals at tbe oar, pulled a Whitehall race
yesterday morning around Alcatraz. The
purse was for $20, with John Krempke as
stakeholder and referee. The two ath
letes struck out pulling a *ood stroke
till they had got about halfway to the
island, when they slacked down, and for
the rest of the contest they evidently
pulled to see who would get in last. How
ever, Miller led his competitor home by
about two miles and claimed the stakes.
Gill entered a protest on the ground that
a porpoise or some big fish fastened on to
his boat's Keel and heid him back.
He says he would not have minded be
ing beaten badly if it had not been his
wedding day and he was afraid his pros
pective bride would prefer the victor, Mil
ler, and refuse to marry a poor oarsman.
However, she was not influenced by
Gill's defeat, and they were spliced just as
soon as he got his boat bailed out. He
will withdraw his protest.
Yesterday afternoon a depnty Sheriff
from some interior county en route with a
handcuffed prisoner to Ban Quentin had
quite a scare at the Tiburon ferry. He
purchased a regular ticket for his prisoner
and ihen was persuaded to buy for him
self a round-trip excursion ticket to
Schuetzen Park from some seller on the
street
When he went to pass through the ferry
eate he was stopped, while his prisoner,
whose tlcuet was all right, was given ad
mission and disappeared down the wharf.
The officer had to return to the window
and procure the proper ticket.
Then came a wild search for the lost
convict. He was supposed to have escaped
and the deputy, with several police offi
cers, soujtht high and low among the
freight sheds and wharves without suc
cess. iTinallv a deckhand informed the
searchers that a man with handcuffs on
was wandering around the boat looking
for the Deputy Sheriff and asking if that
was really the steamer for San Quentin.
So they found him sitting on the outer
end of the ferry-boat enjoying the yacht
race while waiting for his convoy to set
aboard.
The three-masted schooner Hera, Cap
tain G. Anderson, arrived from Okhotsk
Sea with 125,000 codfish. There was no
other vessels in that locality and the Hera
had that fishing-bank all to herself. Her
catch is consigned to the McCallum Fish
ins and Trading Company.
Next Saturday night at 12 o'clock the
tug Vigilant, Captain Randall, will leave
Mission wharf No. 1 for a fishing trip out
side the heads. The party will return
Sunday afternoon. Last trip of the tug a
ton of fish was caught and Captain Ran
dall saya he will bring back two tons this
time.
Williams Had an Outing.
Admission day for Dick Williams, recently
convicted of extortion in the United States
Diitrict Court and now awaiting sentence, was
not altogether witnessed from behind the bars.
Early yesterday morning, accompanied by a
Deputy Sheriff, he left the County Jail, pre
sumably to visit his new attorney, George D.
Collins. He spent some little time there and
then called ou several fnenas who are said to
be greatly interested in having Him remain
silent. The result of these conferences is not
definitely known, but it is said not to have
been satisfactory. Williams will appear before
Judge Morrow for sentence to-day, and it is
not unlikely that something sensational will
develop.
• * •
FIREMAN WON FIRST.
Resulta of the Running at Ingleside
Coursing Park Yesterday.— Sky-
ball Was Second.
A holiday crowd of Jeashmen saw v first
class twenty-ibur-dog stake ran through
at Ingleside yesterday, and saw more of
the surprises that have been astonishing
the devotees of coursing of late.
Fireman, the speedy son of Captain
Morse, took iirst from Sky ball, and Mag
net, another Morse pop, ran third. Fol
lowing is the result of the rundown :
Cronin & McDonald's Skyball beat D. China's
Happy Dity; T. Cooney's Granuaile beat M.
Traynor's Flashlight; J. F. Graces Said Pasha
beat M. Welch's Tlpperary; W. Healy's Stone
wall Jackson beat J. 11. Ryan's EV D; Portal
& Haggerty's Magnet beat Alameda kennel's
Drtisy; J. Quane's Captain Morse beat D.
Roche's Gold Dust; T. Butler's Susie beat J. F.
Grace's Deceiver; M. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence ■
beat M. Traynor's Climax; G. Parkinson's Fire
man beat F.C.Randolph's Happy Jack; Ala
ineda kennel's Emln Pasha beat D. Roche's
Dan C; J. F.Grace's Nellie Conroy beat W.
Healy'B Forget-Me-Not; Portal & Haggerty's !
Leurelwood beat T. Cooney's Eclipse.
First ties — Skyball beat Granuaile, Said Pasha
beat Stouewall Jackson, Magnet beat Captain
Morse, St. Lawrence beat Susie, Fireman beat
Emln Paaha, Laurei wood beat Nellie Conroy.
Second ties— Skyball beat Said Pasha, Magnet
beat St. Lawrence, Fireman beat Lanrelwood.
Third ties— Skyball beat Magnet, Fireman a
bye.
Final— Fireman heat Skyball.
Prizes-$55, $ 35, $20.
CALLIOPEANS WIN.
A Warmly Contested Baseball Match
at the Presidio.
Something like 500 people graced the
grand stand and bleachers at the Presidio
yesterday afternoon to witness the base
ball game between the Calliopeans and the
Barkers. A number of ladies were pres
ent, and the keenest interest was displayed
in the game.
At the call of time considerable talk was
occasioned by the introduction of Gorman
into the game, whom the Calliopeans
claimed was a professional.
The Calliopean Club being an undefeated
team feared their iirst Waterloo at tbe
hands of the Barkers, but were tinaily
talked into letting the game go on with
Gorman behind the bat. After the first
inning tbe Cailiopeans had things pretty
much their own way. Golinsky in the box
succeeded in fooling trie Barkers from the
first.
The score by innings was as follows:
Calliopeans 4 2 0 3 13 4 3 2—22
Barkers 2 00000110—4
NEW TO-DAT.
EXTRA Ij^H
PRESENTS «TteT3
C l 3 C C Ks3
rric.il »!/ii
REAL GEMS! gffiraa
Fancy Cbinaware, Glassware, Cups,
, . Saucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip-
tion.
ONE £& ct
£&tt2s Purchase
TEAS— COFFEES— SPIGBS !
Quality Best Guaranteed.
AMIIIA CUSTOMERS
SNAPS M c&Z
Great Am erican Imp orting; Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. . 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. aiB Third st. ,
140 Sixth st. 3008 Fillmorc at.
617 Kearny st. 065 Market st.
1410 Polk St. 3006 Sixteenth ft.
21 Montgomery •▼**. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
53 Market ft. (Headquarters), S. P. ':■.',
1053 Washington st. , 616 E. Twelfth St.
131 San Pablo aye. 017 Broadway, Oakland
OSS Park St., Alameda.
COSMOPOIjIT A.
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st,, ttaa 1
Francisco, Cat— The most select famllr hotel In
the city. Board and room $1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c Uooms 600 .
and 75c a day. . Free coach to and from the hoioi. .
Look for the coach bearing the name of the Cos-
mopolitan HoteL ■ W.M, t'AHtV, Proprietor.
DIMOND TO TAKE
THE NOMINATION
Will Enter the Political
Arena Under Buck
ley's Banner.
EULOGIZED BT A FKIEND
His Record as a Supervisor Held
Up as a Criterion of the
Future.
PLEDGES NOB PROMISES MADS
A Novel Idea Suggested for the Com
ing Campaign by John
McCarthy.
Supervisor Joseph Dirnond will accept
the nomination for Mayor tendered him
by the Buckley Democratic municipal
convention on Saturday, and in due time
will appear before the convention and sig
nify his acceptance in a formal manner.
John McCarthy, who is the confidant
and political adviser of the nominee, in the
course of an interview, vouchsafed, in the
absence of Mr. Dimond from the City,
positively that Dimond would allow his
name to be placed at the head of the
ticket put up by the Buckleyites.
"There Is no need of my reviewing the
standing of Supervisor Joe Dimond," said
Mr. McCarthy, "for every one knows his
record as a Supervisor, and knows that he
is as honest a man as ever served the peo
ple of San Francisco. Even his bitterest
political enemies freely admit that there
is nothing to be said against him per
sonally.
"That he has ability is also generally
admitted, and the fact that he has signi
fied his intention of accepting the nomi
nation indicates that he will elve the
duties of bis office proper attention. Thus
the people will have a candidate who is
honest, able and willing.
"I want to add that Dimond is abso
lutely free of pledges or promises, and the
only pledge he will make in accepting the
nomination is to try and give the people
ot San Francisco the best administration
they ever had. There ha 3 been some talk
of the Republicans Dotting up Supervisor
Taylor as a candidate for Mayor. I think
tney could not do better. He would cer
tainly make a good executive, and the
contest between him and Dimond would
prove a most interesting one and call out
one of the largest votes ever polled here.
"Should Taylor be so fortunate as to se
cure the indorsement of his party for chief
executive of San Francisco I would sug
gest that both he and Dimond go fishing
or Hunting or wheeling into the interior
during the campaign and leave the fight
ing to their friends."
In response to a direct question Mr. Mc-
Carthy said that he had spoken to Mr. Di
NEW TO-PAT.
Are you willing to try a
new tea at our expense ?
Your grocer will sell you
a package of Schilling Best,
and return your money in
full if you don't like it.
Prices low, but enough.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 873
All you can see of a
$100 parlor set is about
$50 worth.
Will you presume the
other $50 worth is there,
or buy of a store that gives
money back if everything
isn't all right?
California Furniture Company
i.\". p. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street.
NEW TO-DA.T-AMTJBEMEirrs.
CENTRAL PARK.
/"^^V Till*! AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ * il\ lulu evening at 8.
/ gWOpfo ■ \ THE TALK OF
(«,--- JL-SrfSlT-ijjß ALL FRISCO!
m fflfc THE BIQ SHOW
i| EtW 0F THE WORLD!
THE GREAT
/fc-fyt ■* ' ADAM and SELLS
1 _ BROS.
AMERICA'S
//^iX (iBKATEST SHOW*
/ A COMBINED !■
' J filft The Largest Menagerie
It^^Sw? In tTie World. *
■fnß|/ 4 BIG CIRCUSES 4
WaVY 300 STAR AHTISTS-300
100-GB£AT ACTS— IOO
/ 0* Jk \ Two Herds of Performing
/ ■ WW^Tj \ Elephants. Educated .Seals and
/ - KJv »: ( tea L!on«. Two Great Hlppo-
■,»  ttdjg'j.; Pot*™'- The on'y llvlnx iihl-
€i^HßCssWi/ noceros. Greatest Performing
NfSHBSfS?* Beasts. Beyond all comparison
XSrSvT?^? 7 the largest, richest and most
complete a rente and Zoological
! enterprise In the world. Two performances dally
!at 2 and Bp. m. Doors open an hour earlier.
' Seating capacity 16,000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of j-rices: General admission 50c; chil-
dren under 9 years, naif urice: chairs on grand
stand, 31; 'private boxes with six seats, $9 00;
single seats in private boxes, 41 50.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LAKKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
r>
THIS AFTERNOON— — :
Thursday, Sept. 10 COLLEGE DAT
-TO-NIGHT— —
Thursday, Sept. 10....1XA&1AN NIGHT
Special Programme of Italian .Music.
Friday Afternoon, Sept. 11, HIGH SCHOOL DAY
Friday Evening, Sept. 11
DENMAN GRAMMAR SCHOOL
Saturday Afternoon, Sept. 12, FANCY DAInCING
' By Small Children. 4 Prizes.
Admission 25c, Children 15c. — —
OPEN DAK AND EVENING.
itEw to-day:
; -' ' ii ii
; V ■■J&'- "Pretty
;^p says
I Pretty
<^> Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's " no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
mond since his nomination, and that tie
had it direct from Dimond that he would
fight under the banner to be held over him
by the Buckleyites.
TWO CONVENTIONS.
Democrats and Populists to Meet
on the Same Date.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— The Demo
cratic County Convention, as well as the
People's Party Convention, is called to
meet in this city Saturday, September 19.
A joint committee is trying to arrange a
r>lan of local fusion, but the action of the
Democrats in the Congressional matter
h«3 placed Populists on their guard and
will make if hard work to fuse.
REV. MR. SCOTT ON SOCIALISM
He Gives His Reasons for Joining The
Modern Association.
Social Hall, on Turk street, was fairly
filled last night by members of the mod
ern party, who went there to heur the
Rev. J. S. Scott give hi 3 reasons for be
coming a member.
The reverend gentleman said that he
was a Socialist because its grand ideals
were the ideals of mankind, and because
also of its genuine fundamental basis of
right and justice.
NEW TO-I.AT— AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
™^^^™™™^^™"™^^™™^"™™ I AST
|^ AT THE « LAST
Baldwin eleven
—^. PERFORMANCES
. The Grandest of all Sardou's Plays.
lADAI SANS GEE"
WITH KATHRYN KIDDKB IN
THE TITTLE BOI.K.
A REALLY GREAT PRODUCTION.
*3" Seats Now Selling for all Remain-
ing Performances.
a.-attmb,,. I TO-NIGHT!
CALIFORNIA ill THE WEEK.
A POSITIVE OVATION.
Regular Matinee Saturday.
The Great Big Comic Hit,
"O2ST THE BOWBRYI"
Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BRODIE,
Champion .Bridge Jumper of the World.
Vivid Pictures of Greater New York.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
Evenings— 2sc to $1. Matinees— 50c and 73c
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Utoi.jiNiLsiisE Kkkt.ivb. Proprietor it *i.m\*c •>■••
The Grand Opera Season
REPERTOIRE WEEK
TO-NIGHT—
"THE BOHEMIAN GIRL!"
Cast Includes— BKßTlNJ IIUMPHRYS, BKR.
NICK HOLMES, PACHK KAFFAEL,
WEST, TORPI, MULL, Etc.
To-morrow LUCIA
Saturday IL TROVATORE
Seats Now on Sale.
Tbe Musical Event of the Season.
Sunday veiling, September 13th,
First presentation in this city of Humperdinck'c
Fairy Idyl, .. .
••HANSEL AND GRETELI"
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
TSiCDLAnDtiICOTTU)P«t*o»- uaatJAnonAßAcmt--
NOTHING I EVER WRITTEN
BETTER I THAN
— :«'Taac3E: WIPE."
By Belascoand De Mille. .
A Great .Lyceum Theater Success.
Crowding the House as Usual! ,
" .. Presented by the Only One.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
Next Monday, "A MATRIMONIAL MAZE"
. Nothing Ever Presented So Funny.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAJ.TKB 21OROSCO. Sols Lessee ana Manaxu
DON'T MISS IT
The Wonderful Race Comedy-Drama,
THE BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Third Week's Triumph of the Favorites,
LOTTIE: WILLIAMS, ED. J. HURON,
Who will introduce many
NEW SONGS, NEW SPECIALTIES AND
NEW DANCES.
Real Jockeys! Real Racehorses I Real Fun I
Evening; Prices— 10c, 25c and 500.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
OTarrell Street, Between Stockton an 3 Povall.
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 7,
A GRAND, GREAT, Nh. W BILL.
BELLMAN AND MOORE.VASSAR QUARTET,
FERGUSON AND MACK, TEKRY AND
ELMER. nARQUERITB FURGESON.
LYDIA YEAMANS TITUS AND OTHERS.
SEE FILSON AND ERROL.
THE TALK OF THE TOWN,
Heserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance.
ALCAZAR.
O'Farr^ll street. Between Stockton and PbwelL
Bblasco, lihank & Jordan. Lessee* <& Managers.
The furiously funny farce-comedy,
"ALL THE COM FORTS Or- HOME."
By the Alcazar Stock: Company of Players. "A
large factor in local theatricals. Perfect details I
Elaborate accessories! ; Prices— ls, 25, 35 and 50
cents. Matinee* Saturday and Sunday — 15, 26
and 85 cents. Telephone Black 991. Next week,
T. W. Robertson's ifrfa- military comedy, OUKS,
with street parade and full military band.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth, t
Open Daily from 1 to lIP. 11.
THIS AND EVERY EVENING AT 10.
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chutes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land In ta«
Lake on a Safety Bicycle.
A Great Bill in the Casino.
ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE
MASONS, JULES KORTO and
A Mil« Bicycle Race on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions. .
ADMISSION— IO CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Kound Hide, 5 cents.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 a. m. Until lip. m.
Concert Every Afternoon and - Evenintr
General Admission— Adults 10c, Children 5c
78
AMERICAN WOOL
MADE UNSALABLE
How an Industry Was De
stroyed by Democratic
Free Trade.
WOOLEN-MILLS CLOSED.
Seventy-Five Per Cent of the
Factories Went Out of
Existence.
MEN THROWN OUT OF WORK
England, as Usual, Reaping the Ben
efit cf the Disaster in the
United States.
The circular of Justice, Bateman & Co.,
wool commission merchants of Phila
delphia, dated September 1, contains a
review of the wool industry which possesses
more than ordinary interest at this time.
It is not surprising that the wool business
during the past month has been the dullest on
record in view of t&e fact that over 75 per
cent of the woolen machipery of the United
States is either entirely stopped or running on
short time. The sales of domestic wool during
the six months following the defeat of the
Dingley bill have been less than any average
month's sales under the McKinley period.
Although the American clip is known to
have decreased over 100,000,000 pounds since
the repeal of the McKiuley duties, the supply
of all kinds is to-day in ecxess of any previous
period. The excessive importations of foreign
raw wool on the one hand, and the decreased
employment for American mills on the other,
have both contributed toward the surplus; the
quantity daily thrown out of v.se by the
closed mills being equivalent to just that
much increase In the supply, and the longer
the mills remain closed the larger the sur
plus becomes. Wool warehouses are full to
bursting with stock for which there is no sale.
The shortage in the domestic clip waß con
sidered a sure guarantee of higher prices, but,
owing to the closed mills, there are millions
ol poands of wool, most of which is in the
Territories, for which there are no buyers
or commission-houses who care to take it
unless cash advances are not required.
Wool in London since the McKinley duties
were repealed has advanced over 9 per cent,
while wools of the same kind and quality in
America have declined over 42 per cent. As
ihegold standard lor measuring values pre
vails in both places it is evident that these
price fluctuations in opposite directions are
caused by the removal oi the wool tariff, dur
ing the existence of which prices In London
ior over twenty-five years averaged 51 per cent
lower than for the same k.ind of domestic
wools in the United Slates. Now, instead of
being double the London price, American
wools are 9 per cent below the London price,
nnd are being exported because, for the first
lime in our history, they are unmarketable
here. So much for less than two years of free
iriiie.
What has William J. Bryan to say to this
outcome in view of his speech in the second
session of the Fifty-third Congress on the Wil
ton bill, when he said :
Speaking for myself. It Is immaterial In my
opinion whether the sheep-grower receives any
benefit from Urn tariff or not. lam for frf c wool.
in order that our manufacturers unburdened by a
tax upon foreign wool, uod unburdened by a like
tax upon Home-grown wool, may manufacture for
a wider market.
Relief to the wool market may come through
speculation growiue out of * restoration of
confidence resulting from McKinley's election
and the prospect of the restoration of wool du
ties within a year thereafter, or it may come
through the export of the surplus to Europe.
A movement in this direction has already be
gun.
There has been returned to Europe recently
by one of the largest Massachusetts mills
about 2000 bales of Australian wool and as
much more has been shipped by other parties,
including 500 bales of French scoured wool.
The first to go back to Europe of course wiii De
the imported qualities that are well known
and popular there. It is not improbable, how
ever, mat important shipments of American
wool will also be made, notwithstanding the
disfavor with which experimental shipments
have been received.
The Yorkshire Factory Timeß, under date of
July 24, contains the following:
AMERICAN WOOL ON THE ENGLISH M ABKRT.
The Yankee, ever on the lookout for anything
that benefits himself, has a weakness for screech
ing out when in fair fight he is beaten. It appears
that Mr. Claude Meeker, the American Consul, has
reported to Ills Government that the stuff which
the TariKee calls American woo! is not meeting
with that due appreciation which Brother Jona
than fondly imagined It would. Of course, it is not
the material which is at fault: it is the stupid Eng
lish wool sorter who does not kno»- bow to handle
it. The fact that the stuff can scarcely be called
hair, and yet may not be designated wool, and is
thus not at all suitable for the purposes of the
Bradford trade. Is a secondary consideration.
What the Yankee Is annoyed at is that, notwith
standing the manufacturer in America does not see
his way to pay the price asked for by growers, the
English buyer is no less cute. There has been we
are told several hundred thousand pounds of
American wool upon the English market, which
was sent back to the land of the Stars and .Stripes
because the prices asked could not be realized.
THROUGH GREAT FORESTS
The Members of Hoke Smith's
Commission Finally Ar
rive Here.
Traveled iooo Miles by Wagon and
Rode on Horseback Over
Elk Trails.
C. 8. Sargent of Brookline, Mass.. chair
man of the United States commission to
examine and report on the timber regions
of the West, the National parks and reser
vations, arrived here yesterday after a
long tour through what is left of the
American wilderness.
He is accompanied by Professor William
H. Brewer of Yale, General H. L. Abbott
of the Engineer Corps of the United States
army. Arnold Hague of the United States
Geological Survey and John Muir of the
commission.
"1 do not know that I can give you any
startling details regarding our trip or our
purposes." said Mr. Sargent, "but what I
have is at your disoosal. This commis
sion was appointed by the National
Academy at the request of the Secretary
of the Interior. It is the National For
estry Commission, as generally known.
"We have been out since July 2 and
have traveled nearly 1000 miles by wagon
and made long distances on horseback
over elk trails and in all kinds of country.
We have been in the Yellowstone Park, in
the wiid timber regions of Northern Mon
tana »».nd Northern Idaho, ascended
Mount Tacoraa, Mourn Rainier and Mount
Hood, visited Crater Lake, and also went
to the wild Olympic Mountains in West
ern Washington and Oregon. Our trip
iinally ended by a trip through Del Norte
County and a portion of Humboldt.
"It is now our intention to visit the
Sierras, San Jacinto, San Gabriel and
other places. Professor Agassiz, who is
one of Jthe Commissioners, has not been
able to be with us. Professor Gifford
Pinchot of New York, whose life specialty
has been forestry, is also one of the Com
missioners. He is in the Yosemite now,
where he has been for some time. He will
probably visit Kings River Reservation
and join us a little later.
"When we have finished our inspection
we will make a full report. The forest
fires of the Northwest are so widespread
and the smoke so dense that, there has
been but one time when we could get an
extended view of the country about us.
This was when we were in the Olympic
Mountains."
Mr. Sargent is probably the greatest au
thority on forestry in the United States.
He is the author of a number of books,
and for a long time has stood among the
leading foresters of the world.
Mr. Brewer is the professor of agricul
ture in Yale College. He was from 1861 to
1865 connected with the United States
Geological Survey in California, and
Mount Brewer was named for him. He
ascended Mounts Shasta, Brewer, Whit
ney and other mountains, explored them
and wrote much concerning them. When
he* left here he went direct to Yale, and
has been there ever since.
Professor Brewer said that the prime
object of the commission was to de
vise means to preserve the forests from
fires, theft and other depredations. He
says there are about 19,000,000 acres of
timber in tne West, of which 4,000,000
acres are in California and 4,000,000 in
Oregon.
"I have been constantly surprised dur
ing this trip," said he, "to not<ce the
wanton destruction of the great forests. I
was particularly astonished to notice how
Mount Shasta has been denuded.
"When I ascended that mountain origin
ally in the early sixties there were great
forests about its base and reaching far up
its sides. In recent years this timber has
been cut and burned away. It is so else
where throughout the West. This ought
not to be.
"I also noticed the inroads among the
redwoods, those great forest giants that
ought to be preserved from wanton de
struciion. They ought to be preserved as
a heritage for future generations."
Professor Brewer has not been here for
years, and he is glad to meet his old Cali
fornia friends again.
SONS OF ST. PATRICK.
They Hold Their Twenty Third
Annual Picnic and
Excursion.
The Mutual Alliance Association Re
union Under the Trees at
Scheulzjn Park.
The twenty-third annual picnic and ex
cursion of St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance
Association of California was held yester
day at Schuetzen Park, near San RafaeL
In all that goes to make up a really en
joyable outing this reunion of the Al
liance men and their friends waa a grand
success.
When the excursionists, with the Hi
bernia band, entered the park at 10 a. m.
everything looked propitious for a good
day. The weather was all that could be
desired, and as for the jolly party, there
was so much enthusiasm and eood will in
the air everybody was happy and bent on
enjoying the picnic.
£o far as the programme is concerned,
there could have been no excuse for lack
of enjoyment, because the comfort and
pleasure of all present were well attended
to. There was a long list of dances for
those who preferred the waltz or quadrille
to a rost under the trees, and while the
dance was at its height a crowd gathered
in the athletic grounds to wilness the
games and contests. There was much in
terest shown in these events, and no
doubt the handsome prizes had much to
do with the spirit of rivalry manifested
and the zest given the sport as well. The
events contested were as follows:
Children under eight years of age— First
prize, Charles Campbell; second, Joe Noonan
third, Edwin Bates.
Girls under 12 years— First, May Donohue;
second, Hazel Coyne; third, Julia Ellin
Boys under 12 years— First, Warren Red
mond; second, John Cullom; third, Valentine
Burns.
Girls under UB years— Firtt, Tillle Hanna
second, Lillie Trainor; third, Mabel Ferris.
Boys under 16 years— First, M. Lynch: sec
ond, J. Kerwin; third, Charles Rogers.
Young ladles' race— First, Fanny Hanna;
•econd, Mabel Seavy ; third, Gertie Murphy.
Yonng men's race— First, Fred McDonald
second, Harry Owens; third, Joseph Barry.
Married ladies' race— First, Mrs. J. Murphy;
second, Mrs. T. Coleman; third, Mrs. T. Alford
Married men's race— First, Charles Daly
second, Arthur Dowdall; third. T. M. Coie
man.
Members wives' race— First, Mrs. P. J. Silk
second, Mrs. Alford; third, Mrs. W. J. Byrne.
Members' race— First, Arthur Dowdall; sec
ond, Thomas O'Connell; third, Thomas Leary.
Tug-of-war, married men vs. single men-
Won by the married men.
The success of the outing is due to the
following active members of the alliance:
Committee of arrangements— James A. Foley,
chairman; M. J. Gorman, M. Kllday, John H.
McGmney, Patrick Rellly, J.Leslie, Hugh F
Keon.
Committee on games— Thomas Alford, chair
man; Patrick Rooney, Jeremiah Griffin, P. H.
>!ynn, John Moore, Hon. William Bro<ierick,
Patrick Geraghty, c. J. carroil, William
Hickey, John J. Wall, John Ryan.
Floor manager— Patrick Reilly.
Floor committee-J. E. Owens, Charles Daley,
Arthur Dow.leil, E. J. McDonald, William M.
J? 1C n.V James Moore . •>• W. Shannon, Patrick
bilk, Thomas Searey, J. W. Hennessey, T. J.
Clancy.
St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance Associa
tion was organized in this City in 1873 for
fratprnal and benevolent purposes and it
has had a prosperous career. Its present
officers are: President, Thomas Alford
recording secretary, P. H. Flynn; financial
secretary, M. J. Gorman; treasurer John
Moore. DirectorV-C. J. Carroll, William
Hickey, Patrick Silk, J. J. Wall and John
Ryan.
I'ostal Clerks' Convention.
David Supple, superintendent of Station D
will leave to-day for Denver, where he will go
as a delegate to the Postal Clerks' Convention
which meets at that city next Monday It is
nnders:ood that Mr. Supple will make a. Special
effort to have tne next convention held in San
Pran&aoo.
The tone of a piano is best when the in
strument is not near a wall.
New leather goods, ladies' purses, etc. for
fall trade we here. Banborn, Vail & Co. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
BOTH CATHOLIC
AND APOSTOLIC
Claims of a Religious Body
Established in This
City.
ITS ELABORATE RITUAL.
An Evangelist Will Soon Come
Hither to Teach Its Doc
trines.
HANDSOME CHURCH EDIFICE.
Some Striking Features in the Public
Worship of a Little Known
Community.
Local religious circles are soon to be en
livened by the advent of an evangelist
from London, who will speak to Califor
-nians about the catholic and apostolic
church. This religious body is sometimes
Scene During Service in the Little Church on Eighteenth Street,
Near Dolores.
designated as the "Irvingites," a name
which its members stronely object to as
misleading a:td inappropriate. The cele
brated preacher, Edward Irving, seems to
have been merely a co-worker with other
nonconformists in bringing together a
number of persons whose religious views
agreed with his own. The body disclaims
any pretensions to being a separate
church, and claims fellowship with all
churches having a heirarchical priest
hood.
The local congregation has been in ex
istence for some years and has now a
handsome church on Eighteenth street,
near Dolores. On entering the visitor's
attention is first attracted by the holy
water font just inside the door" The body
of the church is fitted up with pews and
kneeling-bencheH and will accommodate
about 400 persons. The chancel is the
most elaborately furnished portion of the
edifice, being fitted up like that of a prop
erly constrncted Roman Catholic cathe
dral. The lower choir or diaconal step,
occupied by the inferior clergy, is followed
by the presbyteral step* leading to the up
per etioir, which is reserved for the priests
or elders.
Above and beyond the presbytery is the
sanctuary, having a handsome altar, sur
mounted by a tabernacle in which the
sacrament is reserved for the communion
of the sick. Before the altar hangs a lamp
which is always kept burning. To the
left of the altar is the throne of the bishop,
or "angel." the Rev. William M. Pearl,
and round about are cushions upon which
the officiating clerey kneel during the
services. To the left is also a uulpit from
which the gospel is read, and on the oppo
site side stands a lectern for tha reading
of the epistle.
This church has a complete and elab
orate ceremonial, its most imposing serv
ice being the celebration of the eucharist,
which they regard as both sacrament and
sacrifice. In the liturgy of the encharist
are many adaptations from the Roman
missal and from the Book of Common
Prayer, besides other rites of more modern
origin. The vestments used by the offi
ciating clergy are identical with those now
employed by the Roman church, and are
of as rich and handsome materials as can
be procured. The albs and surplices are
I lir.en and the other vestments usually of
I silk or velvet in various colors.
Incense and lights are used at ail the
solemn services, the lights being olive-oil
lamps, no candles being burned. The
solemn offices are all intoned throughout,
the church havine a complete musical rit
ual of its own, different from any other,
except in the case of tne psalms, which
are chanted to tne Gregorian tones.
The church is administered from Lon
don, where are seven magnificent build
ings, corresponding to the "seven churches
of Asia" mentioned in the Apocalypse.
Sixty years ago twelve "apostles" were set
apart as the governing body of the church,
only one of whom is yet alive. He resides
in England, and though not claiming or
exercising pontifical authority, is the chief
ecclesiastical dignitary.
The local church, though its member
ship is not very large, is in a flourishing
condition. A considerable accession to
the roll of members is anticipated, ac one
of the results of the series of meetings
which will be announced as soon as the
evangelist shall have been appointed to
conduct them. The society counts among
its clergy many fine orators, and it is ex
pected that one of the best now in Eng
land will be selected for the work on this
coast. The date of the proposed lectures
has not yet been fixed, but it is thought
they will commence during the winter, or
at the latest in the early part of the new
year.
Clprico Wauta a Pardon.
Edward B. Btonehlll, late Assistant United
States District Attorney, is making an earnest
effort to secure a Presidential pardon for Ferdi
nand D. Ciprico, now serving a sentence of six
years in San Quentin for uttering forged
Cnlnese certificates. Ciprico, ft will be re
called, was a member of the Katzanen-Foss
gantr of certificate manipulators and opium
smugglers brought to justice some months ago
through the untiring effons of Special Agent
Thomas and Special Treasury Agent Moore.
Stonehill has secured some fifty signers to
the petition so far, but h«s not as yet ap
proached ths presiding Judge or the District
Attorney. Unless these two are secured it is
not probable that the petition for a pardon
will be seriously considered by the President.
THE "TAILORS' STRIKE SALE."
An Explanation of What It Is and
What Brought It About.
The "tailors' strike sale" at Summer
field's big store, 924-930 Market street, has
been attracting unusual attention in com
mercial circles as well as with the citizen
looking for bargains. The prices for a
high grade of goods have ranged so low as
to excite curiosity as to how they have
been Drought about. ':
The fact appears to be that a great strike
has been in progress in New York City
among the journeymen tailors for a ion g
time. Thousands of people were involved
during the entire period. The effect was
to bring confusion and loss to the entire
circle of trade in which it occurred.
Goods could not be delivered within the
time limit placed upon the orders, and the
orders were therefore In hundreds of in
stances countermanded. The direct con
sequence of this was . that an immense
quantity of seasonable goods accumulated
in the hands of manufacturers, which
they were, of course, eager to dispose of
at any price in order to get going again in
the regular course of trade, filling new
orders piling in upon them, the strike
having came to an end— the strikers, it
may be interesting to read again, having
won the day.
Well, Bummerfield's resident agent in
New York saw his opportunity, advised
the bouse here, and they directed him to
buy almost without limit. The result is
that no less than $89,000 worth of the
goods— men's boys' and children's tailor
made clothing — arrived a few days ago
and have been put on sale. This explains
the "tailors' strike sale" and how the goods
can be offered at the prices quoted.
CRUSHED IN AN ELEVATOR
Serious Accident to David Mc-
Guire, Driver of a Butcher's
Wagon.
He Thought the Iron Doors in the
Side w a k at the Cafe Zinkand
Would Open.
David McGnire, 1514 O'Farrell street,
met with an accident yesterday morning
that may cost him his life.
McGuire drives a delivery wagou for S.
Solomon, butcher, in the Grand Central
Market, and he has been in the habit of
delivering supplies at the Cafe Zinkand on
Market street. He used the street elevator
to save him the trouble and inconvenience
of carrying the meat downstairs to the
kitchen.
He went there about 6 o'clock yesterday
morning with the visual supoly of meat.
Leaving his wagon on the street he went
round and got to ttie street elevator. He
started it upward thinking that the iron
doors on the sidewalk would open as they
had always done before. Unfortunately
they did not open, and Maguirejwas
crushed against them.
His wagon was noticed outside, and as
he did not make his appearance it was sus
pected that something was wrong. A
hurried search revealed the true state of
matters and McGuire was quickly released
from what may prove his death trap. He
was unconscious and it was thought he
was dying.
The patrol wagon was summoned and
the unconscious man was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital. Dr. Thompson found a
fracture at the base of the skull, his right
side was contused and he had sustained
severe internal injuries, although no bones
appeared to be broken.
Dr. Somers, ex-police surgeon, has spe
cial charge of the case.
A Talk on Mining.
On Friday evening, September 11, a free pub
lic lecture will be given on gold mining in Cali
fornia, under the auspices of the Gold Mining
Exchange, at the Academy of Sciences Hall,
81i> Market street, between Fourth and Fifth.
At er some introductory remarks by Gen
eral Walter Turnbull, president of the ex
change, Augustus J. Bowie, M.E., will discuss
the process ol mining to-day as compared with
old-tirae methods, and Alfred Kopp. OLE.,
superintendent of Selby Smelting Works, will
speak on new and improved processes for re
ducing ores and saving Wie precious metal. Both
ladies and gentlemen are invited to attend
this lecture, whicn is given without any
charge for admission
Jurisdiction Involved.
A suit of peculiar interest is now being
heard in the United States Ciruit Court. It
seems that some months ago W. J. Virgin and
others of Ashland, Oregon, Instituted legal
proceedings aeainst Kdwin M. Corliss, in the
matter of certain water rights claimed by the
latter. The action came up for hearing before
Judge McKenna yesterday on a motion ol de
fendant s attorneys to nonsuit, on the ground
of no jurisdiction. Counsel lor both Hides
made able arguments, at the conclusion of
which Judge McKenna toot the matter under
advisement. He will probably render a de
cision to-day.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
HONEYMOON TRIP
ON STOLEN BIKES
It Was Planned by W. H.
Smith and Adeiie
Laura Tucker.
NIPPED IN THE BUD.
Just as They Were Going to Be
Married Smith Was
Arrested.
GRAND LARCENY THE CHARGE.
The Girl, Who Is Only Fourteen Years
of Age, Will Be Sent to Her
Parents in Santa Clara.
Instead of getting married and spending
their honeymoon on a bicycle tour, Wil
liam H. Smith, alias D. Banks, is in "the
tanks" at the City Prison and Adeiie
Laura Tucker, a pretty girl, 14 years of
age, is in the matron's room, and will be
sent home to her parents in Santa Clara.
What brought about this unhappy state
of affairs was a dispatch that Cnief Crow
ley received on Monday from Chief Minto
of Portland, Or. The dispatch asked him
to arrest D. Banks, a passenger by tne
steamer from Portland, and secure two bi
cycles he had stolen from the Overman
Wheel Company as evidence against him.
Detectives Gibson and Wren were de
tailed on the case, and when they got to
the wharf they found the steamer had
arrived and her passengers had all disem
barked. The two bicycles were, however,
on board. One of Pinkerton's men was
also on the wharf looking for Banks, as
they had received a dispatch from the
Overman Wneel Company to arrest him.
They remained on watch all day Mon
day and Tuesday, in the hope that Banks
would call lor the bicyclss. Tuesday after
noon an expressman drove up to the
steamer with an order for the wheels. The
detectives spoke to him, and he said he
had instructions to take them to a lodg
in '.-house at Twelfth and Franklin streets,
Oakland.
The expressman got the bicycles and
tne three detectives crossed the bay with
him. On reaching Oakland the Pinkerton
man drove the wa^on to the lodging-house,
and Gibson and Wren took the cars,
reaching there, as arranged, as the wagon
drove up to the door. A young man came
out and gave a receipt for the two wheels
and was promptly placed under arrest.
He denied knowing anythiut; about the
wheels. Then he said he bought them
from a man on Market street, San Fran
cisco, and produced a bogus bill of sale.
He also denied being D. Banks, and said
his name was W. H. Smith. He showed
a letter of recommendation from the Pa
cific Manufacturing Company of Santa
Clara, where he i;ad been employed. The
bluff did not work, and he finally ad
mitted having stolen the two bicycles.
A young jzirl was with him and he told
the detectives she was his wife. They
questioned her and she said she was not
his wife, but they were to be married that
afternoon. She showed a marriage
license, which Smith had procured in Oak
land. It gave his name as William H.
Smith, age 22, and hers as Adeiie Laura
Tucker, age 19. She admitted that she
was only 14 years of age. She had known
Smith when be worked for the Pacific
Manufacturing Company. He telegraphed
to her on Monday to come on to Oakland
and they would get married.
She started Tuesday morning without
telling her parents and reached Oakland
by the noon train. They were just pre
paring to go to a clergyman to get mar
ried when the detectives arrived.
Smith and the gir! and the two bicycles
were taken to the City Prison. He was
locked up in "the tanks" and she was
placed in the matron's room.
She said she could ride a bicycle nicely,
and so could Smith, and as soon as they
got married they were to start East on
their bicycles, but she did not know their
destination.
Chief Crowley yesterday morning wired
to Chief Kidward of San Jose, who had
been making inquiries about the girl, that
she was in the City Prison, and Kidward
replied that he would take her home
to-day.
Chief Minto of "Portland was also noti
fied of Smith's, alias Banks', arrest, and
he sent a reply that an officer would leave
at once to take him back there.
THE SPANISH MAIN.
. - I
tlvely R*<c«nt Date.
We write and talk glibly enough of the
Spanish Main, but when did the phrase
first come into use, and what was its ex
act geographical significance? The prev
alent idea, borrowed, we take it, from the
delightful romance of "Westward Ho!"
seems to be that the phrase was in com
mon use among the Elizabethan sailors to
signify that part of the great American
continent on which the Spaniards had ef
fected a settlement when we first broke
into the Caribbean Sea; that is to say,
from Vera Cruz, in the Gulf of Mexico, to
the delta of the Orinoco. But we cannot
find that the phrase was in use at that
time. In the pages of Hakluyt we read
of the Main, of the Firm Land (which is,
of course, a literal translation of the
Spanish term "tierra firrna"), of "the
Mainland Coast, of the Coast, of the In
dies or of the West Indies; but of the
Spanish Main we have nowhere read.
Nor have we been able to find it m the
writers of the next century* Dampier
does not use it, nor Lionel Wafer, nor the
translator ot Exquemelm's "De America
en«cue Zee-Roovers" ; it is not to be found
in Morgan's official reports of his bucca
neering exploits, nor in Rongrose's nar
rative, nor in Sharp's. In the map en
graved for Dampier's "Voyages" (1729)
the term Firm Lund is employed to 'Jesig
nate the territory now occupied by the
republics of Venezuela and Colombia.
The original Tierra Firma of the Span
iards, according to Ulloa, included only
the provinces of Veragua, Panama anil
Darien, with the city of Panama for its
capital.
We may be in error, and certainly we do
not profess that our researches have been
exhaustive, but the earliest use we have
found of the term the Spanish Main is in
"The Journal of Admiral James," lately
published by the Navy Records fcocietv
where, on November 12, 1779, the Admiral
notes that he "bore away for Truxsllo on
the Spanish Main," Truxillo being the
port of Honduras.— Macmillan's Magazine.
Mother Killed, Child in Arms Spared.
Mrs. Simon Paulson waa killed by light
ning this morning. Her husband, in the
same room, and her two-year-old son,
whom she was holding in her arms, were
stunned, but not ssriously hurt.— St. Paul
Dispatch.
A speed of a mile in fifty-eight seconds
is claimed for a motor cycle recently ex
hibited at the Royal Institute, London.
idsH&'sS&' Wisfe^if §•
When writing for further particulars to any of the health op
Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the Cj{££.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
IT IS FUIXY AS IDE A WINTER
AS A SUMMER RESORT.
HOT AIR HEATERS. . •.'
• OLD FASHIONED ' - £ ■ :
OPEN FIRE PLACES.
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUMATISM, LIVER, KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. i, 1896, to May 1,1897.
Address all correspondence to BARTLKTT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, S. F.
Pamphlets sent to any address free.
W% ■ ff% M 1 4fe ffih HOT BRINGS,
ft 1 fl 3C"ff 1 Monterey conn-
M fil X II I \ I I ly - taL - Tbe
U(IblI ■ « 1 I Carlsbad of
I ni in "' heaith.rest, pleas-
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda j tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks. mas-
sage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
JParaiso stands unsurpassed in the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:16 a.m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postollice. For
illustrate'! pamphlets and special inducements for
1896. address R. ROBKRTSON, Manager.
fITT I finn HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V a AII I I V bounty, only 4% hours from
\ \ |lltlt\ an iraucisco; but 9 miles
II l\ nII 11 II statin?: new road through
I ****** vi vi ** canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
Of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqulios and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tibnron ferry at 7:30
a. it. or 3:30 p. ic. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates ¥12 a week ; baths free.
> J.-R MULQREW, Proprietor.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and Mint-
Ing. New dancing pavilion. > Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Stage at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June . 1. connecting wita
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
• VIC PONCELET, Llagas. Cat
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael. California.
FIFTY MINUTES FROM BAN FRANCISCO.
As a Winter resort or home it has no equal In
the world. ■■.-.-■ .
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rates for Fall and Winter euests.
■ ■•■■■ R. H. WARFIELD & CO.
ASTORG SPRING JMTCEiL WATER.
T?OUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH; FROM
X! Cobb Valley, Lake County; greatest medicinal 1
and curative water on earth. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend It In Snn Francisco. Unlim-
ited supply at the depot. 108 Fifth street. Selling
hundreds of gallons dally. ; — .
i <sT '-**'-i^-- -* v ■ " -i ; 3j
"Big as a Barn Door." 1
I For {°^ts you get almost twice!
| asjnuch "Battle Ax as you do of I
Pother high grade goods. Before the!
days of "Baafe Ax" consumers paid
cents for a small plug of the sine
|| days of -Battle Ax" consumers paidi
t^ fe a small P lu S of the same S
quaky Now, "Batde A^'-High- \
est : Grade, twice the quantity. ThaVs I
I true economy* I
- 1 iP%iliP% MANHf I R!^TnB£ir cupideme "
I \K\, V) f?T ""* » x'° Q 0I a '> m ° l « French physician will nni^T. ltJillZer>tbe P rescrl P-
■V S &CI \* /\1 ? 003 or , leases of the IcneraUv^il^ uick cure you of all ner-
.NwA X^j/ £? n3 W on ' Is stops all ioKeTbvdav n 0 S r? I ra^ ls ' Var'cocele and
tesgyiliiiSpP 3^
HIGHLAND_SPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Vt^
rlety and Finest "Mineral Springs
In the "World.
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, bathing, boating
and fishing.
RATES $1O TO $12 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
_,„ __ I KB ». CRATO.
. 316 Montgomery St., S. P.
Or J. CRAIG,
Highland Springs, Luke Co., Cal.
mpa SODA SPRIGS,
California's I'amoui Mountain Spat
Jtf AYB You Been- THKBK liATXLTt ■
1000 feet Above Kapa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
! jSapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce,
j Bnrros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New Improvements every
year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
i lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, N»pa Soda Springs
r - °- "■ ' • _^^
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM.
ST. HELENA, CAL.
"DECREATION. BEST AND HOME FOR IN.
Xt valids, consisting of large main building, cot-
tagei and tents on mountainside overlooking Naps
Valley. Steam heat, elevator, call bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and Mieam baths are among the remedial agentt
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moua
tain walks are among the amusements. ;'urs
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
SUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dro.>s P. O. box U2t>. .
RIVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OP
J-t Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, 89 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, bunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table-
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GLLLESPIE, Potter Valley. Mendocino County.
AT BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY
board for summer months; private family:
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.Belmont.'
HOTEL DE REDWOOD, BANTA CRUZ
Mountains; board $7 to $10 a week: also
camping facilities, tents, etc. Address M. a COX.
Laurel. ,
ANITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; tine family resort. J. HAK3>
TERS, proprietor.
.CHEAPEST AND BEST m AMERICA— THH
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 60 post-
««e free.BABIES, BABIES
AND MORE BABIES
Great Exhibition of Infant
Native Sons and
Daughters.
FOND MOTHERS HAPPY
When Their Little Ones Were
Prize Winners for Weight
or Beauty.
THOUSANDS OF SPECTATORS
WLo Were Duly Interested as the
Beribbcned Children Were Put
Up for Inspection.
The management of the Home Products
Exhibition at the Mechanics' Pavilion ar
ranged that Admission day should go
down to history as "Babies' day." The
news went forth and thousands of mothers
f:ocked to the Pavilion. Hundreds came
with babies which might be prize
winners. Others brought babies who were
merely spectators. When the baby show
got fairly started it had the right-of-way,
and kept in the middle of the road all the
afternoon amid sunshine and squalls.
Sir George Bromley, who is a knight
and a great grandfather, was one of the
judges. Ernest O:to, S. H. Tacey and F.
Formfials acted as Mr. Bromley's asso
ciates, assisted by about all the clerical
force connected with the institute and ex
posftion. There wouid have been other
judges, but they failed to materialize
when the critical time arrived. Ed Green
way openly declined an appointment as
judge; James Phelan voiced the rank
heresy tnat "One baby is just like an
other." Judge Coffey declined on account
of 'multifarious duties"; Judge Campbell
simply ran away to Stockton.
The vista opening up before the com
peting babies was dazzling. The winners
wouid triumph before a crowd which
packed the galleries and the aisles, and
wno seemed to be all eyes. In addition to
thus being distinguished and admired
above ail other babies in sight, there were
prizes to be won, ranging from a pair of
oaby's lace pins to * silver cup, and from
a pap bowl and clay model bust to a silver
cup. The clay model bust wa« offered to
perpetuate the robust perfection of the
heaviest girl baby not over one year old.
The heaviest baby boy of the same tender
ace had prepared for his reward for be
coming fat a silver rattle with bells.
First all the babies who wanted to com
pete for prizes for weight in the various
classes engaged tne undivided attention
of all the judges and all their assistants,
and so four sets of scales were kept in
motion, while babies "tipped the Deam."
Not a few slept all through the weighing.
A few wanted to pull down the weisht on
the beam. Others simply kicked and
cried for all that they were worth. The
>r mind of man was manifested by
act that it took three judges, two
and one weigher-in-chief to weigh
in one baby, and then the weight was
afterward challenged in two or three in
stances. The judges persevered to the
end, and when they had recorded a lot of
facts about over 200 candidates for records
the weighing was over and the beauty
show of tne babies was begun.
The exposition band had only just
finished a performance of the overture to
"Semiramide" when tne musicians had
to come down from their elevated posi
tion in favor of the babie3, who, with
their fond mothers and the judges, occu
pied the band platform nearly all the aft
ernoon. There were four beauty prizes) —
two for the coys and two for the girls.
The babies were distinguished as to sex
by ribbons, the girls having pink ribbons
on the left shoulder and the boys having
-.boon on the right shoulder, it was
] lanned to have the girls and boys brought
up separately, but this could not always
be carried out, for no less than four pairs
of twins found tbeir way to the platform
a-.d helped to add to the statistical value
■-' the show.
The baby girls not over one year old had
the first trial, and this developed the plan
o: the judges. The parents with babes in
arm* sat by the score around the outer
edee of the platform. The judges locked
them all over and then prepared half a
dozen o»" more tickets bearing numbers
and placed these in a silk hat. Then an
in/ant was coaxed to pu'l oat the tickets
and the- hr&t one to be selected drew tne
first prize ana the second selection enti
tled to the second prize, and so on. When
one class was judged the stage was wanted
by another. Tne stage was filled and
cleared four times of fat babies, lean
babies, bald-headed babies, blue-eyed,
hazel-eyed or black-eyed babies; babies
with curls and babies witnout, and in fact
abjut all sorts and conditions of Caucas
ian babies eligible to compete. Every
class came up quietiy. Every class went
off with the great majority of its members
cryiag.
The~judges said that they did not make
the banies cry. When the cause was inves
tigated it was discovered that Henry Root,
a bachelor, was handing them all down,
and they may have discovered his inex
perience. The prize winners were as fol
lows:
Handsomest girl baby not over 1 year old,
Ethel Rose Brennan, 11 months old, hazel
eyes; exhibited by mother, Mrs. D. J. Bren
nan of 2213J4 Polk street.
Second handsomest girl baby not over 1 year
old. Myrtle Cranz, black eyes; exhibited by
Mrs. Richard Cranz of 60 Ninth street.
Third handsomest irirl baby not over 1 year
old, Done Metcalf, exhibited by Mrs. George
Metc&if of 2228 Sutler street.
The fourth prize in this class went to twins,
Hazel and Harold Janjon; exhibited by Mrs.
Eugene Janjou of 2902 Lincoln avenue. The
twins are only three months old. They were
the youngest prize-winners at the show and
the youngest twins present.
Handsomest girl baby not over 2 years old.
Gracie Boyd; exhibited by Mrs. F. F. Bovd oi
520 d Turk, street. !
Second handsomest girl not over 2 years old,
Lizzie Hall; exhibited by Mrs. C. I. Hall of
3143 Valencia street.
Third handsomes; girl not over 2 years old.
Fan line Kuttner; exhibited by Mrs. Louis
Kuttner of 1416 Mission street.
Handsomest boy baby not over 1 year old,
Some of the Babies Who Were Seen and Probably Heard at the Mechanics' Fair Yesterday.
George Dobie; exhibited by Mrs. William
Dobic, 152 First street.
Second Handsomest boy baby not over 1 year
old, Ewen Cameron; exhibited by Mrs. Alex
ander D. Cameron, 228 Thirteenth street.
Third handsomest boy baby not over 1 year
old, Alfred Lyman Clifford Swan; exhibited
by Mrs. Alfred Swan, 103 Eighth street.
Handsomest boy no: over 2 years old, Omar
Courtney; exhibited by Mrs. A. D. Courtney,
777 Folsom street.
Second handsomest boy not over 2 years old,
Ivan Heron; exhibited by Mrs. C. S. Heron,
1902 Page street.
Third handsomest boy. not over 2 years oM,
Harry Donnelly, exhibited by Mrs. Charles F.
Donnelly, 14213^ Valencia street.
A prize was also awarded to Arthur Clarence
Pickens and Cnarloue Pickens, twins, aged 15
montns, who were exhibited by Mrs. Arthur
Pickens of 2172 Fifteenth street.
Heaviest boy not over 1 year old, Charles
Rosso w, aged 9 months, weight 29 pounds, ex
-1 hibited by Mrs. Clara Rosso 1044 ShotweU
street.
Second heaviest boy not over 1 year old, Ar
thur Graham, 26 pounds 8 ounces, exhibited
by Mrs. Graham, 2555 Greenwich street.
Third heaviest boy not over 1 year old, Dan
iel Dancan, aged 6 months and 3 days, weleht
26 pounds, exhibited by Mrs. Duncan, 105 Van
Ness avenue.
Heaviest boy, not over 2 years old, John
Charles Ueninger, exhibited by Mrs. Charles
Heninger, 27 Liberty street. This baby weighs
39 pounds and is just 2 years old. He
enjoyed the distinction of being .taken all
around the stage and held up to view with his
prize in his hands.
Second heaviest boy not over 2 years old.
"Walter Wendell, exhibited by Mrs. Wendell,
1968 Golden Gate avenue. The weight of this
youngster was 37% pounds.
Third heaviest boy, Ed McM&nus, weight
j 34% pounds.
When the prizes were awarded the ex
hibitors were not all suited, especially
concerning the decisions in regard to
beauty, but the judges departed serene
and unruffled.
EVENING OF PLEASURE.
Special Musical Programme of Ital
ian Airs Has Been Prepared,
for This Evening.
The Native Sons and Daughters, that is
those who did not attend the celebration
at Stockton, were right royally entertained
at the Mechanics' exposition last night.
The exercises were in charge of Directors
Doolan and Cole and Secretary Cummings,
all Native Sons.
The Knickerbocker quartet, composed
of Metsrs. Lawrence. Elliott, Crane and
Larsen, rendered a song written by Leila
France, entitled "49. : ' in exquisite style.
Secretary Cummicgs followed in a brief
address, during which he said that while
nearly all the Native Sons were at Stock
ton, the Mechanics' Institute, which was
founded by Pioneers, should take some
recognition of the day.
He then introduced Merton C. Alien,
who delivered an eloquent address, during
which he took occasion to refer to the
overcrowded Condition of the higher pur
suits in life, particularly in the legal aud
medical fraternity. He said the greatest
present need of California was more pro
ducers.
Miss Deborah Hollingsworth of Oakland
then read an original prize poem, entitled
"Admission Da"y in California." The
poem is a eem in its way.
To-night will be Italian night. In the
afternoon the pupils of the Italian schools
will attend, and in the evening special ex
ercises will be held. Paolo Barburi has
been named as the president of the even
ing. Andrea Sbarboro will deliver an ad
dress in English and Dr. Joseph Pescia
another in Italian.
Director Hinrichs has prepared an ex
cellent musical programme containing
gems of Italian opera, as follows:
Marcn, '•Centennial," Conterno; overture,
"■William Tell," Rossini; waitz, 1- La Toscana,"
Bucalossi; trombone solo, ".Non Ever," Fito
Mattoi, (Alfred RoncovierD; "Pagliaccio."
LeoDcavaUo; overture, "Daughter of the Regi
ment," Donizetti; sextet and finale, -'Lucia,"
Donizetti: "Hongroise," Burgmein; "Duuse
dv Tambcurin," Boggettl; march, "Our
Italy," Blanchard.
This afternoon the musical programme
wiil be as follows :
March, "Del Monte," Roncovleri; overture,
"Raymond,' Ttioni&s; waltz, '"A Summer's
Eve," Waldteufel; concerts for euphonium.
Prufer; dramatic review from "Favorita,"
Docizetti; overture, "Roman tiqne," Ke:er
Bela; potpourri, "A Xutht in Berlin," Hart
mann; intermezzo, "L'Amlco Fritz," Mas
cagni; invitation to the uance, Weber; galop,
"Wild Fire," Strauss.
A. Presidential Preference Day.
The Mechanics' Fair has set aside Fri
day, October 2, as Presidential preference
day. The day and evening will be devoted
to voting upon the Presidential nominees.
Badges bearing a portrait of Bryan or Mc-
Kinley will be given each visitor at the
entrance along with a ballot and guessing
coupo«. Prizes wiil be given to the per
son guessing the nearest to the total of
votes cast for either nominee. Tne Bryan
badge will be white, the McKinley yellow.
Tke~ political significance can be seen
wnen figuring this straw vote of San Fran
cisco upon the State's last previous vote
and other States. The vote sbouid bean
excellent index upon the close States.
Speakers may grace the occasion.
COL. SHAFTER'S HOME.
He Is Henceforth to Make His
Headquarters at Fort
Mason.
Artillery Regiments in Outlying Dis
tricts to Be Concentrated at
the Presidio.
Colonel Shafter, formerly a resident of
Angel Island, removed from there yester
day, his household furniture and other
goods and chattels being transported on
the Government steamer General McDow
ell and landed at Fort Mason.
This new move has no particular signifi
cance excepting that it is the carrying out
of orders issued a couple of months ago
by the War Department. It is understood
that the purpose of the orders is to con
centrate artillery regiments on the sea
coasts. To do this all the detached bat
teries of the regiment, scattered in outly
ing stations, are ordered into headquarters,
where General Graham *iil havethem im
mediately under his eye at the Presidio.
Tlie infantry companies must take the
place of all the artillery troops in all the
garri3<>ns heretofore occupied by the iatter,
thereby scattering Colonel Shafter's regi
ment over consider?, bie territory, with
headquarters at Fort Mason.
Ii is the intention of the War Depart
ment to abolish a number cf the smaller
posts now scattered in this State and Ore
gon, witn a view to the concentration of
troops.
VlornsG cards and Invitations printed or en
graved ana fine stationery at San torn & V Ail's.*
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
WHO FORGED A
JUSTICE'S NAME?
A Bold Swindler Issues a
Writ From Groezin
ger's Court
EVERY NAME A FORGERY
It Purports to Bs a Writ of
Possession for a House on
Natoma Street.
JAMES CRAVEH'S PREDICAMENT
Being Plaintiff in the Case He Is
Cited to Appear for Contempt
of Court.
Justice of the Peace Groezinger will
have one of the most important cases
before him on Monday that has ever come
to light in the courts of San Francisco, for
it involves nothing less than the charge
that some person or persons have been
forging the names of the Justice and his
cierKs to writs of possession and other
such documents, thereby trying to coerce
people into the payment of debts by
frightening them into the belief that they
were being ordered to act by the courts.
The case at Dai is a citation against one
James Craven of 55 Natoma street, for
contempt of court, in being party to the
perpetration of. frauds and forgeries pur
porting to emanate as genuine documents
from the hand of the Justice.
Attorney H. C. Grant appeared before
Justice Groezinger on Tuesday and de
manded to know whether a writ of posses
sion lor the premises at 55 Natoma street,
occupied by Mrs. Annie Growney. had
been issued. A careful search of the
records showed that no sneb writ bad ever
been issued. The attorney then said: 'I
bold in my hand a writ purporting to be
'No. 17,634, docket 61, page 69L' That
writ was presented to Mrs. Growney by
Craven, who asked her to vacate the
premises at once. The name of Frank
Williams appeari as clerk, per William
Johnson, deputy, and the name of Peter
Dougherty is signed as attorney for the
plaintiff."
On an inspection of the document and
the records of the court showins that the
paper had never been issued out of the
court the Justice at once became very in
dignant and issued a citation returnable
at 10 o'clock on Monday morning order
ing Craven to appear and show cause why
be should not be punished for contempt of
court.
"This is a case in which an example will
be made of the guilty party," he sa:d,
"and if It is proven that this man fixed up
this paper and attempted to frighten this
woman with it he will be punished to the
full extent of the law. No worse offense
against the dienity of a court could be
committed, and such practices must be
brought to a sudden termination by
drastic measures."
The full penalty for contempt is $100
fine or fifty days' imprisonment.
It was learned at 55 Natoraa street, in
the absence of James Craven, that he is
not the real party in interest in the suit,
and that whatever he did was in the inter
est of the landlady of the roomine-house,
Mrs. Reagan. She denies that anybody
in the house was party to any forgery.
HE WON ON McKINLEY.
A Prize-Fight That Decided the
Issue of the Present
Campaign.
Four Hard Rounds That Ended in
Favor of the Gold Standard
and Elliott.
At an early hour yesterday morning two
young men, John Elliott and James
Maguire, with their attendants and
friends, met in a house which has been
unoccupied for several months and is
situated near Ninth and Townsend streets.
The principals had a matter of im
portance to settle, and they decided to
determine the question of "to b« or not to
be," with the naked fists. There were not
, more than a dozen spectators present, but
those who witnessed the mill went away
satisfied that they had enjoyed first-class
sport.
A woman, strange to say, did not figure
in this case. The trouble originated in a
wager on the election of McKinley and
Bryan.
filliott and Maguire could not agree on
! the question of free silver and they decid
ed to settle the dispute with their fists.
Elliott, who was a strong supporter of
McKinley, signed an agreement that if
Maguire should defeat him he (Elliott)
| would vote the Democratic ticket.
j Maguire. who was a stanch Democrat.
i signed an agreement that he would cast
[ his vote in favor of McKinley if Eiliott
proved to be the better man in a square
{ standup fight.
The men met according to appointment
■ and the contest waa carried off without
I interruption. Four punishing rounds
I were foueht and Elliott won when victory
i was in the reach of Maguire.
The first round was all in favor of Elliott,
who had his opponent on queer street
when time was called. Maguire rapidly
recovered his senses during the minute
| that was allowed for "refreshments," and
when time was calied for the second round
Elliott rushed at his quarry with the in
tention of doing his man up in quick or
der. Maguire duckea a wicked swing at
his face, and as Eiiiott came at nsra again
he was caught on tne point of the chin
with a powerful right-hand swing, which
%ent him sprawling on the rough floor.
The attendants who were looking after
i the fighter's interests became excited, and
'■ NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
PRICES CUT INTWO
— ■ ■23®>-CXffl3s' ; — .
PRICES ARE LITERALLY CUT IN TWO on the following and the many '
other lines with which our GREAT CLOSING-OUT SALE of $300,000
WORTH OF DRY GOODS and CLOAKS continues/ for the quantity of
goods to be disposed of is so tremendous that we are forced to mark
everything down jt .jt .jt .jt <& di <£ «*j .jt -jf -jt -jt -j^ ■£. .jt -js .„«..< jt .jt •«« -.««
REGARDLESS OF COST OR SACRIFICE
LADIES' KID GLOVES. I COLORED DRESS GOODS. | RIBBONS! RIBBONS! | HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR.
> .'.■.V r *;4'' ' ■ ::„.':.•■- ■:■-■■-
At 35 Cents. At 25 Cents. a^ 5 Cents. \t 10 Cents
500 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in 72 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL NAVY 2,' . 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS- 175 dozen CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED
black only, regular value $1, will be STORM SERGE, reduced from 4qp to GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors, BLACK COTTON HOSE seamless,
closed out at 35c a pair. -5c a yard. . ; -;•■-■■ w^ doted! out at 5c a yard. double heels and toes, fast black,
' " '""_ ',■ regular value $2 a dozen, will be closed
At 50 Cents. out at 10c a pair.
HANDKERCHIEFS 37 t ieces 52-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL At 7 >* Cents.
nAi>UNCKWiucr5. FANCY CHEVIOT MIXED SUIT- No. 12 2-INCH ALL-SILK, SATIN AND
. - r~T 17 v. INGS winter colorings, reduced from GROS-GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted At 15 Cents
At o Cents Each. $1 to 50c a yard. colors, will be closed out at a yard. 200 dozen LADIES' FINE BLACK MACO
300 w?vi n »irvß?i?KK« ? « LA^ N COTTON HOSE. high- 3D liced heels,
HANDKLRLHItfcS, with Brabant double soles and toes, fast black, regu-
Lace ed*e. regular price $120 per cm V nFPADTMPWTi lar value 25c, reduced to 15c a pair,
dozen, reduced to oc each. £>ILK DfcFAK I I I LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS
„ ' :.;-..-.. At .70 Cents n. ??^FFFTA At 50~Cents. At 25 Cents.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS. .SILK : fn al"th- lafeft linadiif -?« n 10 ° dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of 100 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
la, f^'lue |{ wiU be^nlaced on sa'e at ! cood <l ualit y P"cale. in all fancy TON HOSE, heavy weight, unbleached
At 0= rent* wrvainen, will be placed on sale at shades, latest style coods, with bishop feet, double heels and toes, Hermsdorf
! 129 .EXTRA jK?B ALL-SILK | ' SC%JaT± TolT^ll^Li^ "*$ ** SSSg^ScTZ? " P " «™-
-SSSf S C?ub T s£ a F v°^^e n as: ! WASH OOODS^WASH GOODS I _ .
r^^Un S X cIoL g d o^S^??. ? 5 AU orr CRINKLED SEERSUCKERS, At 75 Cents. At 35 Cents
and I* will be closed out at 25c each. | ODDMENTS, 31-INCH CHEVIOTS LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and 125 dozen LADIES' IMPORTED BLACK
PERCALES, etc., that were 10c ;r~ cuffs, "Stanley waist." all fancy CASHMERE WOOL HOSE high- •
At 25 Cents. " sale at WJ shades, regular price $1 25 and $1 50, | spliced heels, double soles and toes,
35 dozen BOYS' LATEST STYLE FAUN- will be closed out at 7 ° C each. regular price 50c, reduced to 3sc a pair.
TLEROY BLOUSES, made of fine HEAVY TENNIS FLANNEL, a fair as-
quality fancy percale, with ruffled sortment, some worth B^c. On ~ o At «i nn
front, collar "and cuffs, sizes 3 to 9. «ale at O\j x-nrevt Irr^'nvvvn anji»n>\ At 25 Cents.
regular price 50c, will be closed out at WAIST? fn dkStii BB ll2n?2d 75 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
o=w« eich WAIOI3, in uiru.tie3, lawns ana rrvDTr »xr hattav T-r^orric L - ■
*° each. Broken Lines of FINE IMPORTED DIM- striped and figured percales, this sea- EGYPTIAN COTTON VEST-, high
.«. tA * , ITIES. ORGANDIES, etc., that l A^ son goods, regular price $2 and $ ! 50, *%*' Jl ??* <,£ e t T«»« rCgUlar price 4Oc *
At 10 Cents. we re 20c and 25c. On sale at. ... IUC will be closed out at $1 each. reduced to 25c each.
96 dozen MEN'S MEDIUM-WEIGHT -
FULL-FINISHED COTTON SOCKS, TWF nFNTTVF TO\T»nv -PTdrrP ■
with double-spliced heels and toes, in T DUCKS in black and narvX At 75 Cents.
tan and brown shades, manufacturer's grounds! On sale at 7 lOC CA pe ANn CkTIDT^f 93 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED
price $2 dozen, will be closed out at 10c grouiiua. vn saxe at .. w CAPS AND SKIRTS ! WOOL MIXED VESTS, high neck.
P air - .. c^TZ . long and short sleeves; drawers to
rnDtcTC 1 rnDccTc • At Ja Lents. match; warranted non-shrinEable, reg-
LADIES* SUITS tUKatl^l CUKbfcli?. CHILDREN'S CAPS, made of embroi- ular price $1, reduced to 75c each.
LAUIC3J3UU3. A ~rr^ rt dend silk » fnU ruchej silk strings,
- , -1 _ rt At $1.00. will be closed out at 25c each.
« At S4-.90. 73 dozen LADIES' BLACK SATEEN At $1.00.
LADIES' CLOTH SUITS, skirts lined CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, 50 dozen L\I)IES' JERSEY FIBBED
and velveteen bound, box jackets with two side steels each side? made with At 50 Cents. COTTON AND WOOL UNION SUIT?
ripple back, colors brown and gray patent loop eyelets, em t>roidered with I LADIES' TENNIS FLANNEL SKIRTS, hi»h neck lon sleeves ankle length'
mixtures, regular price $7 50, special colored silk flossing, regular value ' cambric yoke band, colors pine or non-shrinkable, regular price $150*
sale price $4 W. ; \ - ; | $150. reduced to |L | blue, will be offered at 50c each. 1 reduced to $1. vws*ao«,
I/I/ Murphy Building, / fg{/ Murphy Building, / {/(/ Murphy Building, 1/ is If Murphy Building, J
■Met ana Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market awl Jones Streets. Marlet aii Jones Streets. '
a free fieht looked decidedly promising at
one time while Elliott was slumbering.
The McKinley man recovered, however,
at the call of time and staggered up to bis
opponent, Maguire. who missed an excel
lent opportunity by the exercise of very
bad judgment of winning the fight there
and then. His blows were fearfully wild
and useless, and in the interim Elliott re
covered his equilibrium and fought his
antagonist off until the end of the round.
No righting of any consequence resulted
in the third round, but the fourth round
was a hurricane.
Jast as soon as the fighters met their
fists new around like windmill fans. It
was a question as to who would first land
a knoctcout blow.
Elliott got home the first good smash on
Maguire'i left eye, which brought tae re
ceiver to his knees. It was purely a
chance blow, however, but it got there
]u»t the same, and Maguire saw many
stars. Maguire was game, however, and
came to the scratch when the seventh
second was called. £lliott again jumped
at his game and struck wild, and in the
rally Maguire floored Eiliott by a left
swing on tne chin. Elliott Hopped aeainst
the side of the house, and while in a dazed
condition Maguire smashed at him with
ail his might, but instead of landing on
Elliott's face he struck the side of the
building and injured his right fist.
Elliott recovered eventually, and as
Maguire was settling himself for a knock
out blow, Elliott swung his right, hoping
that it would land somewhere. The blow
caught Maguire on the jugular, and the
man who must vote for McKinley went
down and remained on the floor until
counted out.
A BURGLER FIRED AT.
Trail of Blood Showed That the
Shots Had Taken Ef
fect.
Unsuccessful Attempt to Enter the
Residence of George McCraith,
Church Street.
A burglar who attempted to enter the
residence of George McCraith, 311 Church
street, Tuesday nieht, met with an ex
ceedingly warm reception.
McCraith had retired to bed about 11
o'clock after seeing that all the doors and
windows were properly eecured. The
building is a three-story one and McCraith
lives on the second flat. At the rear
there are steps that lead to the two upper
flats and at the top of each flight there is
• porcb.
McCraith had not fallen asleep when
his sense of hearing wa3 sharpened by a
noise at one of the rear windows, as if
some person was trying to unfasten the
catch with a knife or other instrument.
He listened intently thinkine that proba
bly he had been mistaken, but the noise
was continued, and bearing in mind the
burglaries that had been committed re
cently, he decided to investigate.
He quietly got out of bed. pulled on his
socks, trousers and coat and grabbing his
revolver stoic softly to the rear door. He !
listened for an instant and was satisfied a j
man was on the porch endeavoring to
force open the window.
In a moment be had unlocked the door I
and thrown it wide open. A man was
standing at the window facing the porch,
and promptly rushed for the steps. As
he disappeared down the steps McGraith
: fired at his retreating figure and kept on |
| firing as long as the burglar was in sight, j
| He emptied his revolver and returning to
the house procured a light. He made an
j examination of tne sieps and saw a trail ;
| of blood all the way down and along the j
; yard to the gate where the burglar had
, made his exit, showing conclusively that
i one or more of his shots had taken effect.
McCraith waited for half an hour or so
: in the hope that the shots would have at
tracted the policeman on the beat, but as
■ no officer made his appearance he went
back to bis bed.
Yesterday morning he reported the at
tempted burglary to the police, and an ex
; amination of the yard and steps by an
| officer who was detailed to investigate
proved that he was not romancing.
Every effort is being made by the police
' to find the burglar and it is expected that
I he will soon be found, as the fact that he
was wounded is sure to leak out.
Mr. McCraith is with Thomas Mc-
Craith & Co., searchers of records, McAl
lister street, and feels incensed that hi 3
shots were not heard by some policeman,
as in that event the burglar might easily
have been caught.
HIT WITH AN OAB.
Gustavo Law Arrested for Assault to
Murder.
Phillip Meehan, a sailor, went to the
wharf at Fourth and Kentucky streets
yesterday afternoon. He was under the !
influence of liquor and in a quarrelsome
mood. He asked Gustave Law, a boatman
for George Lee, who owns the boathouse, j
where be could rind Lee. The answer did '■
not please Meehan, and from words they
started in to fight, Meehan being the
aggressor. Law seized an ax, but dropped j
it and grabbed & piece of an oar and struck !
Meehan over the head with it. knocking j
him down. They again clinched, and i
EndraNorris, a sailor, separated them. '
Law retreated to the boatbouse and |
Meehan followed him. Law seized a re-. j
volver and threatened to shoot Meehan if !
he entered, and luckily fur Meehan, just
at that time he fell from loss of Dlood. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and ;
had a wound in his scalp attended to.
Law was arrested by Policeman O'Con
nor and charged at the City Prison with
assault to murder.
Careful scientific observation shows that
the average speed of the transmission of
an earthquake shock is 16,000 feet per
second.
CLANS AT SHELL MOUND
Admission Day Observed by the
Sons and Daughters of
Scotland.
Lively Contests for the numerous
Prizes Offered by the Com*
mittee.
Captain L. Siebe of Shell Mound had
his force of men out bright and eariy yes
terday morning getting the grounds ready
for the brave clans which he expected to
swarm to his favorite resort during the
day, and in this be was not disappointed.
Tae 9-o'ciock train brought a delegation
of the Fra3ers, the Sorensons, the Cor
macks and the thousand? of others who
while celebrating Admission day indulge
in their manly sports.
The committee started the ball rolling
immediately, while those who preferred
dancing remained about the pavilion.
Following is a summary of the games:
Boys' race for those under 12 years — Robert
Grant first, John Kenney and Jesse McLauuh
lin second and third.
Girls' race— Agnei Ames first, Julia Skinner
second, Harriet Jones th/rd.
Putting heavy shot— Thomas Carroll, 35 feet
6 inches; J. J. Cameron second.
Putting light shot— Thomas Carroll, 43 feet
11 Inches; J. J. Cameron and J. Sexsmith sec
end and third.
Boys' race, over 16 years of age— William
King, E. Gardner and Charles Gross.
Girla' race, under lb" years of age— Lulu
Roan. Eunice Co&dy and Sarah Jones.
Bagpipe competition— l. S. R. Tevendale; !
Donald Weir and John Hall second and third. :
Running long jnmp — C. Grant, 19 feet 2 i
inches; J. Edwards, IS feet 7 inches ;'J. Sex- j
smith, IS feet 6 inches.
Highland Maggie Bassett first, Annie
Mclntyre second, Jeanie Mclntyre third.
I Best dressed man in Highland costume —
Donald Weir first prize, John Mclntosh :
second, and I. S. R. Tevendale third.
Best dressed boy— Malcomb Baxton, first; i
Robert Ross, second; Dan Smith, third.
Yonng ladies' race — Blanch Skinner first, '
Maggie McCaiCery second, Annie Rankin
third.
Highland fling In costume— Alex Beaton,
first. J. Baxter second, I. 3. Mclntosh third.
! Half mile race — C. Grant first. G.S.Thomp
son second, Archie Johnson third.
Reel o' Tullcch— McGillvary first, I
Annie Mclntyre second, Robert Ross third.
Running high jump— C. Grant (5 feet 2 j
inches) first, C. Schebie second, T. Carroll ;
third.
" Married ladies' — Mrs. Laing first, Mrs.
King second. Mrs. Rea third.
Tug of war — Won by the single men.
Three-mile bicycle race— J. H. Ramm, 9 !
minutes 29 seconds.
Sword dance— Robert Ross, Margie McGill- I
vary and Annie Mclntyre.
Tossing the Thomas Carroll, 31 feet
9 inches; A. Campbell. 29 feet 1 inch.
Mile race— c. Grant first, Archie Johnson '
second, G. S. Tnomp«on third.
Throwing heavy hammer — Carroll |
first, J. J. Cameron second, Dan McDonald '
third.
Members' race— P. M. Lainjr first, John Laing >
second, McDonald third.
Sack race— William Gillus first, W< Roberts '
second, Louis Haaelbacher third.
Throwing light hammer— Carroll
first, J. J. Cameron second. D. McDonald third.
Vaulting with pole— J. Edwarus 10 xeet, C
Grant 9 feet t> inches, J. Sexsmith 9 feet 3
inches.
Race for apprentices on British ships— R.
Jones of the Wardale first. E. Clark of the Gun- I
ford second, C. Stewart of the same vessel '
third. >39NsS
Old men's race-C. M. Brown first, I. Laure I
second, J. D. Ross third.
The scores were kept by William
Cormack and David Carbrae, and so satis- i
factory were their entries that no appeals i
were entered during the entire exercises.
A novelty in modern scientific research
is the means by which the wind may be
measured by the sound. The whistling of
the wind as it crosses a wire varies with
the velocity, and this can be computed
from the pitcn of the note observed in
case of a given diameter of wire and for a
given air temperature.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The , RILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPEN UNTIL MID.MGHT,
GREAT BARGAIJII?
————«——«——«_ WARE
POR DECORATING
S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome >t.. Boom 1.
R5F^c o
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Mea
and Women.
Diseases or young;, middle.
aged and old men which weaKen
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap me vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed,
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Her and.
Blood. If you have a dizziness of tbe
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem*
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious oisease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariabiv cured.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
Yon can be cared at home.
Write your trouble* if livine away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidantiaL
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frea on ap-
plication. Address
Un. I. L. OH LAM, San Francisco, C»U
Belts for $30.
KsJT-v 1 " Old-fashioned aa>i poorly
sa^ts^S^fer? s «S made, can be had by pay-
S^St^'^f^^lP^-^fT ln? your money to eiec-na
PeLT /v = vVti3^Vr' * It -quacics" and travel-
"Tff* £&s&?s£■ ing " faKe "-" For a flrs'-
r- -SV3V ** - class article at a reaaooabla
- «£?£? price writ© op call for free
PJZBCE iToX, 704 copy oi oar new book. Lir.
PIERCE A SOX, 704 S^ramenco «., cotK^
aecoad, Uurd acd fourth noon. San JbTaacijca,
910
ATE CANDY JUST
BEFORE HER DEATH
She Jumps Into the Bay
From Powell-Street
Wharf.
RESCUED BY BOATMEN.
Taken to the Hospital and Ate
Chocolate Creams on the
Way.
DID SHE DIE FEOM POISON?
She Said Her Name Was Harmona
Wells, but Refused to Give Any
Further Information.
A young woman who said her name was
Harmona Wells died at the Receiving
Hospital about 10 o'clock yesterday morn-
Harmona Wells, or Lillie McGrath*
ing, and the cause of her death is shrouded
in mystery.
Shortly before 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing she walked along near the Powell
street wharf and delioerately jumped into
the ba3 T . Boatmen Nesbitt and Hennessy
saw her and they quickly rescued her
before she reached deep water. The
water is not deep where she jumped in
and she had only succeeded in submerg
ing herself to the waist when dragged out.
The boatmen noticed that she was froth
ing at the mouth. They questioned her
as to her reasons for trying to drown her
self, but she positively refused to give
them any explanation.
The patrol wagon wa9 summoned from
the California-street station and Police-
man Grunwold accompanied it. When it
reached the wharf the young woman was
pacing back and forth apparently in good
health. Beiore the wajon arrived she had
protested against being taken to the
Receiving Hospital, but when the vehicle
arrived she lapsed into silence and quietly
took her seat.
On the way to the hospital she took I
from her pocket a bag of chocolate creams !
and ate a number of them. Whether they
were poisoned or whether she took some
po ison Defore jumping into the bay is so
far a mystery.
An autopsy held by Dr. Barrett last
evening disclo-ed the fact, that death re
sulted from asphyxiation. The stomach
and lungs were badiy congested and the
heart diseased to such an extent as to
probably cause death umler intense cx
ci tement. The stomach, which contained
a lot o: fluid, was sent to a chemist for
analysis. Until this is done the poison
theory will remain unsettled.
At the Receiving Hospital the young
woman said ncr name was Harmona
WelJs. She said she had little cause to
wish to live. Life was a burden to her,
but she would not say why. rier parents,
she said, lived up north, but where she
declined to say.
It was suspected that she had swallowed
some drug, probably strychnine, and she
was treated accordingly. She seemed all
right till about 10 o'clock, when she was
seized with violent pains and died in a
few minutes.
Efforts were made at the last moment to
secure iacts concerning her home and
friends, but she would not converse on the
subject, promising to tell every thinir when,
she got well again. Then she lapsed into
unconsciousness and died in a few min
utes.
In her pocket was found a piece of paper
with the name "John Lincoln" scribbled 1
upon' it. Her clothing was again carefully j
searched at the Morgue, but the only arti
cle found was the half of a blotter, on
which appeared the words, "By cash $200,
Grace M. E."
She was about 26 years of age, fair com
plexion, medium height and sparely built.
She wore a black sateen skirt, light-green ;
ca'ico waist and white straw bat with high
crown.
About 10:40 o'clock last evening a woman
givine ncr name as Maud Edwards and
place of residence ay room 5, 222}^ Fourth
street, called at the Morgue and positively
identified the remains as that of woman
named Liliie McGrath, who had lived on
Point Lobos avenue, between Twentv
third and Twenty-fourth avenues.
She said lhe dead woman had been a
waitress lately, and could assign no cause
for her suicide except despondency.
Shortly after, a man named Frank
Brown, who has been a private night
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WnBELOCK & CO.,
4k Leidosdorff St.. Tel. Main 1054,
' EHANCH OFFICE ' ■ ■ ■
»28 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. 8. ITKIiy, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on . latest market quo-
_ unions. Reference Ist National Bank. S. F. •
*aicA.»«. rJUYAI* Witt* «JGW YORK*
watchman for many years, called at the
Morgue and said that the night previously
he bad seen the woman in the Cascade
saloon, corner of Kearny and Commercial
streets. *
He further staled that he had heard her
make the remark that she used to work in
the Thalia Theater.
So positive was Brown that he went over
to the Cascade and brought one of the
waitresses over to identify the remains.
The waitress, however, was in doubt as to
whether the dead woman was the one
Brown saw in the saloon.
SIREN SONGS FOR GOPHERS.
How Florida Land Turtles Art Lured
Out of Their Holes.
W. fl. Gilbert, locksmith, astronomer,
fisherman, scientist, hunter and capital
ist, is a great fancier of gopher meat, and
has thought ol many ways of catching the
game.
Some time ago he learned that there was
a family living in the northwestern part
of the county which boasted of young men
who could "sing" gophers out of their
holes. He traveled many miles to ascer
tain if the report was really true.
The young men were reluctant at first to
give an exhibition that might reveal their
secret, but Mr. Gilbert had a number of
pursuasives along, and finally they con
sented.
The young men equipped themselves
with a gunnysack and a pointed stick
about five feet long. A half-mile from the
house, in the wire-grass of the rolling
pine land, they found the hole of a
gopher. They covered the entrance of his
tunnel with a sack and planted the stick
over the tunnel. Then all of the men lay
down about twenty feet away, and one of
them sang.
In a half hour the sack was seen to
move slightly, whereupon one of the
young men jumped up quickly and ran to
the stick, which he pressed deep into the
ground, cutting off the gopher's retreat.
The other reached his hand into the hole
and brought out a big gopher, which waß
made into a delicious stew for their din
ner. Mr. Gilbert, discoursing on the in
cident, says:
'•I have since learned that the Mexicans,
wno are very fond of gophers, pursue this
method, except that they do not sing. The
singing is entirely superfluous. Curiosity
is what kills the "gopher, as it haß killed
the historic cat. The animal evidently is
curious to learn what it is that has dark
ened the threshold of his abode, and
comes forth to see. The stick does the
rest. 1 have tried the same plan myself,
and very successfully.' 7 — Florida Times-
Union.
• — • — ■»
An A 1 h1) ima Decision.
An Alabama Register in Chancery tnkes
first rank as a lover of abstract justice.
Recently, in stating an account as master,
when the evidence showed that a large
quantity of corn bargained to plaintiff had
been lost by the defendant's agent, whose
duty it was to deliver it to plaintiff, the
Register announced his decision as fol
lows: "While, perhaps, the law and the
evidence are on the side of the plaintiff, I
think it would be unjust that the de
fendant should lose all tuis corn. I there
fore charge the plaintiff with the corn."
• — • — •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Kappel & w. Etna J White. Csl .
C H Kisic, Sacramento X Johnson <fe w. Los Ang
J B Bracken, Sun Diego Mrs C McClatchr, Sacto
Miss McClatchy, Kacio A Behwertn, Chicago
C Kowell, Fresno PS Burge, Willows
F P Bane, Santa Rosa X Ix-fan it w, San Rafael
M V .Morgan, Angels J T Whitney, Rocklin
C X Tinkham, Chlco W Steinbeck. HoUlster
F Herman &w. Wash KM Ca^an, Napa
Miss M A Vlolette, Paris DM Ryan, Virginia City
M L Greenbaum, Seattle Jt Hopper, Shasta •
W Denden * w, Chicago II Stafford & w, Salinas
J 1; Magi 1 1, Tacoma C Guriiie, Oakland
A C Kaiser. Yreka Mrs M Met all, Cal
M btreining, Sama Rosa G H Waterman, Tacoma
H a Meichart, Alatneda J Luttry. '1 ulare
W L Mall." Sacto F.I Brandon, San Jose
011 .Sirrons, l:»!diug Mrs 1; Snuffer, Red Bluff
B Laville &w, Sacto . Mr <t Mrs Brlnck. Winters
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL
W yon Seth, Stockton F E Dalzell. Stockton
W Ilarkan, Petal u ma X L Price, Sonora
J E Donobue, Sonora A L smmpf, Casadero
S S Thompson, - tockton P Callahau, Menlo Park
J Merrill, Stockton A .wen-ill, Stockton
D McOee. Merced W Tliornly & wf, snJose
D Hi nt & ftu, L'inirmont J If Somers, I resno
>J L Cuesbrook, Fresno X Hafner & wf, Arbuckle
C A Anderson & wf, Cal Mrs. W. Wile.-, Alma
A Bracker, Fresno T Franks <fc wf, sta Cruz
I» Rawler A wf, Sacto X J Fox well, Nebraska
W R Farris, Kureka J M Tyrell, Delano
H Grassman.LosAngeles J McCarthy, Washington
B L Bolen, a ockton W R Bolen, Stockton
J R Maglll, Tacoma G Van Dyke, Dakota
J Thomas <& wf, Detroit T J Smith. Fresno
J Jours, Uklah ,< . . G Heiser, Los Angeles
PALACE HOTEL.
J O'Neill, Boston ' . J F Nash, Placervllle ,
Miss X Kelly, Boston F Barnett, San Joaqnin
Miss c Wells, England W a strong, Stanford ,
i F Rogers. Stanford E \V Churchill, Napa
P Neumann, Honolulu Miner. Martinez
C S KarL-ent, Bos. on : Mis Neumann, Honolulu
HL. Abbott, USA • ' A Whittaker, Philadelpa
H M Colby, Fresno Mrs Whittaker, Pa
M R h w nKel V V 8 M Murtrie. Lompoc
E «. B L bu , v * wf> N * Mrs J 8 Co "«. Ed Bluff
C W Fielding, Keswicfc Miss Cone, Red Bluff
W T E lip, Marys vllle J D Meyer, Portland
V Conn, Pais.ey. or W L .Malir & m, Portland
X W Jausen, Portland C W Waldron, Bnta Cruz
C Berne, Stanford . ..-..*
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
CG Runyon, New York W Simpson, Seattle
J H Franklin, USA Mrs Jones, Petaluma
J McDonald, Acajutta l Forsburg, Greenwood
J\V Potts, Santa Rosa C .-Stewart, Chicago
J G Taylor, Seattle v Leahy. New York
J J Newbones & w, N V W B Ayres, Cal
U Rayerman, Presidio : w Bowman, Angel Islnd
A L Hanke, New York G D lewis, -New York
G Irish. Chicago Frank Raymond, It I
J Grimes, -New York R H Bravton NY
R H White. Boston j s Reynolds,' Denver .
X J mivsun, Cal Miss N Donovan. Pa
Miss A Kenney, Pa W Simps Seattle
Ji Hartley & w, Eng E Field, Angels Camp
F Mclnerny. Japan J P Mylar, Indianapolis
C Wicicstrom, Rayder . .*^
BALDWIBT. HOTEL.
8 HIM «fe w, El Dorado W Burke, Mass
J Hoggins. Mexico W N Williams USA
Mrs W X Wll!iams,USA N A Kearney & w CM
H Routledse. Oleta H Radlr, Fresno
J Pitt, Berkeley • S W Van syckel N V
W * Chrisman <t w, Cal T scalls, San Jose
HA Hunter, Cal Mrs C Johnson S V
J Burns, 8t Louis ' ' F .Morton st Paul
E Miller, Vallejo • W Scott, Louisiana- • -
C Abboite, Portland
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
A Parisian Thief's Gallantry.
A pretty young American lady was
robbed in a most impudent manner while
shopping yesterday afternoon in one of
the largest shops in Paris. Her purchases
terminated she was astonished to find that
the purse which she carried attached to a
chatelaine, together with a number of
gold trinkets, had disappeared. The
purse contained about 500 francs and
a ticket for her boxes, which were
deposited at the railway station. Then
she remembered that a well-dressed, gen
tlemanly looking man had followed her
about the shop, and just as she reached
the pay desk had pushed aeainst her. She
immediately informed the police of what
had occurred, and then went to the rail
way station to look after her boxes,
but found that they had already
been withdrawn by the "gentleman.''
She returned to her hotel in de
spair, for her boxes contained all her
jewelry and a considerable quantity of
other valuables. At 7 o'clock in the even
ing a commissionaire arrived at the hotel
with the boxes. Their entire contents
had bee-i abstracted, but in one of them a
note had been placed to the following
effect: • "My dear Miss— Permit a very sin
cere admirer of your charming person to
give you a little bit of advice: Beware of
over-gallant gentlemen and young gentle
men who follow ladies about."—West
minster Gazette.
The cultivation of mushrooms is really
a matter of "ancient history" in France.
The people are so fond of them, they are
so nutritious, and their raising is so profit
able, that very few Frenchmen are so poor
that they cannot have their beloved veg
etable.
COMMERCIAL RECORD.
PAOiriC COAST BONDS.
The water bonds of Sulsun have been printed
in this City, and Mayor Long has been in San
Francisco consulting with parties concerning the
sale of the same. The Suisun Republican says
chat Mr. Long's visit to the City was a satisfactory
one and it is probable that the bonds will be sold
in time to complete the work before the rainy sea
son is fairly begun.
Salt has been begun against Professor T. 8. C
Lowe and hia wife, W. H. Holmes, the Los An
geles Safe Deposit and Trust Company and the
Mount Lowe Hotel Company, a corporation, trus
tees, to foreclose a mortgage on the property of
Professor Lowe and his wife. The Indebtedness
arose upon a promissory note for $30,000, and thb
security la the improved real estae and the
Operu-hoiise building at Pasadena owned by Pro
fessor Lowe. The complainant asks for the ap
pointment of a receiver. The sum demanded is
$.->O,OOO, with accrued interest on the note and at
torney's fee and cost.
Since the Mrs: day of last January, building per
mits representing expenditures aggregating (426,
-675 have been granted by the Board of Public
Works of the city of San Diego.
The election In the Kureka (Calaveras County)
School District, to determine concerning the issue
of bonds amounting to $400 in denominations of
960 each, bearing interest at the rate of 8 uer cent
per annum, will be held on the 28th inst.
Bonds numbered 9, 10, 11. 13, 13. 14. 15 and 16
of .Mario County, known as the refunding bonds,
tnird series, with all interest accrued thereon, will
be paid by the Treasurer of Marin County. Thomas
J. Fallon, upon presentation, on or before Septem
ber 12, at which date interest on the bonds will
cease.
City Auditor Gambell of Portland has succeeded
in Belling $35,000 of the Improvement bonds of
Portland to W. J Cruthers, a bond- buyer, woo bid
par and accrued interest. The Portland Oregonian
thinks that considering the state of the market lor
securities, this may be thought to be a favorab.e
sale for the class of bonds in question. Auditor
Gambell thinks that there is no reason why city
warrants are not now as good an investment as at
any previous time this year. The amount of out
standing warrants against the city of Portland Is
$81,000, as against something over $160,000 on
January 1.
Ti.e City Council of Tacoma passed a funding
bond ordinance to retire outstanding warrants, the
vote being 11 to 6, and it was agreed to mace the
rate of interest 5 percent, instead of 6 percent as
originally proposed. Mayor Fawcett vetoed the
funding plan and in an attempt to pass the ordi
nance over the .■- ayor's veto the Council failed by
a vote of 9 to 6.
The Rlalto Irrigation District has elected W. A.
Norton president and J. K. Mack secretary. The
directors hold their omc-e another year, having
been elected for two years.
A ranch of seven acres at Klmhurst, Alameda
County, has been sold to San Francisco parlies for
$6000, according to the Sau Laaudro Reporter.
During the month of August, 189t>, the Superin
tendent of Buildings ut Los Angeles issued 214
permits, amounting to $211,893, which included
138 new buildings at the cost of $1286,113. Of
these eighty-four are frame cottages, twenty-seven
twu-story frame dwellings, and among the others
are three factory buildings, three stores and dwell
ings combined, and altogether fourteen brick
buildings. In August, 1894, 166 permits were Is
sued for buildings, aggregating $182,167, and In
1895, during the month of August, 217 permits
were issued, the aggregate cost of the buildings
being $462,956.
rxpinnatlnn.
The arrow flies with -.he wind. The top fljrnres
%t. station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; tbo*e underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches and hundredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
won! "hiKh" means high barometric pressure and
Is us«klly accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompnnied by cloudy weather and rain*.
"Lows usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whin the pressure is high In the interior
•nd low nlong the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the' "low" la Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. WUh a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected Id summer and coldei
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
Mil produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Departmknt of AokicoX/
ture. Weatheb Bureau, Han Francisco, sept
9. 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Kureka 66, Ked Bluff 84, San Francisco 62.
Fresno 90, Kan Luis Obispo 78. Los Angeles 80,
Ban Diego 76. Yuma94.
San Francisco uata— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 54, mean 58.
The pressure hus risen frenerally over the coun
try west of the Mississippi River. An area of bkh
pressure now overlies onlana, Idaho. Washing
ton and Oregpn ana conditions Indicate fair and
warmer weather for at least forty-eight hours over
the entire Pacific -lope.
The temperature has fallen throughout Nevada,
Arizona and Eastern California. It will be
warmer Thursday ami Friday.
Heavy rain has fallen in Arizona and probably
In tii» mountain districts of Southern California.
The rain did not come north, as was expected.
There now -e> ms to be no probability of rain in the
valievs of California tor the next forty-eight
hours,
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
eDUtnc midnight. September 10, 1896:
•Nor' hern California— Fair; warmer Thursday;
treßh northerly wlnas.
southern California — Fair Thursday, except
cloudy in extreme sou. hern portion; warmer in
eastern portion : westerly winds.
Nevada— Fai*'; warmer Thursday.
Utah— Fair weather. „,._
Arizona — cloudy and threatening Thursday;
warmer In northeastern portion.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
freah northwesterly wludg.
A. G. McAdib. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YOKK MAKK.JSTS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V. t Sept. 9.— Stocks opened
active and buoyant. Commission firms reported
an increase In business and London houses exe
cuted buying orders In the Internationally listed
issues. The favorable report of the St. Paul for
the fiscal year and he action of the Manhattan di
rectors on the dividend continued to exert a favor
able Influence on speculation, and the sentiment
was decidedly bullish. A drive was made against
the shorts -In Manhattan, Tobacco, Sugar and
Chicago Gas, and an advance of »4@28/ 8 per cent
resulted. The declaration of the usual dividends
by the Western Union and sugar companies and
increased disposition on the part of bankers to dis
count commercial paper and a reduction In the
posted rates of sterling exchange of % to «4 82%
and $4 84^i stimulated the upward movement.
The sharp advance induced realizations' on a
moderately heavy scale, and the room ■ traders,
who have been talking reaction for some days,
put out small lines of shorts In the k angers and
Industrials. This selling brought about a decline
of »4@3 per cent, the latter in Chicago Gas.
Sugar receded 2V* to 115Va: tobacco, 2 to 651/4;
Burlington and Qumcy. \ 3 A to 67ys: st - Paul. 1%
to 70%; Rock Island, *% to 60%: General
Electric, 184 to 27*4" Louisville and Nashville,
1% to 40%, and Western Union, 1 to 81H
Speculation In the closing dealings was rather
weak, .with Chicago Gas as the special feature.
Net changes as a rule show advances of Vi@l per
cent. Sugar, General Electric Burlington ana
Quincy, Rock Island and Louisville and Nash
ville, however, lost ViMV* per cent. In ■ the In
active list Lackawanna brought 151 against 156,
the last reported sale at the Stock Exchange.
Lake Erie and Western preferred rose 3% to
6834. Total sales were 245,919 shares, Including
51.600 Sugar, 46,700 St. Paul and 19,300 Burling
ton and Quincy.
Bonds were irregular. Sales were $1,090,000.
Kansas and Texas seconds fell 18/$ to 60S/ 8 ;
Reading first preferred, 1 to 833,4: Rock Island
col. trust lives, 34 to 99 V aud Wisconsin Central
fives certificated, i/» to 31. Atchison fours rose
% to 75y»; Canada Southern firsts, 1 to 107; do
seconds, 1 to 100; Burlington and Quincy de
benture fours, Ito 85; I.rie prior lien lours, 2 to
87%; Fort Worth and Denver sixes, % to 61%:
Milwaukee, Lake Shore and Western sinking fund
fives, 2 to 107; Jersey Midland firsts, IV* to
11 41/4. and Oregon Short Line consol lives, 2% to
60%.
In Government bonds $10,000 coupon fours of
1926 brought 116%: $5000 do of 1907, 107%,
and $5000 coupon fives, 110%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Steady; winter wheat, low grades,
$1 7O@s2 60: ao fair to fancy, $2 40@3 40; do
patents, *3 40@3 75: Minnesota clear, %'i 30@
2 70; do patents, *3 15©4 05; low extras, $1 70©
2 50.
RYE FLOUR— Steady, 2ft@2 75.
BUCKWHEAT FLOUR-$ 75.
CO KSiiEAL- Quiet; ye low Western, $1 95@2.
RYE— Dull; Western, 40c, f. o. 0.
BARLEY-Quiet; 48 pounds 31% c f. o. b.
BARLEY MALT— Quiet. Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— Quiet, steady: No. 2 red f. o. b.
665' 4 c; ungraded red, 67@67c; No. 1 Northern,
66V8C
Options were moderately active and steady, at
Vie advance, following the West and on local cov
ering. Decemner most act. ye: May, Ob%c: Sep
tember, 63y 3 c; OctoDer, 63% c: November, 64»/ic;
December, boB/j,c.
CORN— DuII, firm; No. 2, 25V*c elevator; 28V*c
afloat.
Options dull and steady at unchanged prices,
wltii only a switching traae: December and Octo
ber most active; September, 20V4C: October,
25% c: December. 27y 8 c; May, 28V2C
OaTS— Firm.
Options auU: September, 19% c; October, 19% c;
December, 20% c
i-pot prices: ->o. 2. 20c; No. 2 white, 23% c:
No. 2 Chicago, 21c; >o. 3, 17% c; No. 3 white,
20©U0%c; mixed Western, 19%@aic; white
State and Western, 20@'290.
Provision*.
LARD— Unsettled; Western steam, «3 60 asked.
Option sales, none; September. $3 75, nominal;
refined, quiet; continent- $4: bourn American.
$4 40: compound, L.^,j(§,4c.
PORK— Steady; ni-w mess, $7 50&8 25.
BUTTER— Fair demand; W estorn dairy. B@l2c;
do creamery, 11%@16%c: do factory, 7%@liy c:
Elgins. 16%; imitation creamery, 1 Dig) 12' a c.
CHEESK— Firm: State, large. 5%@8%c: do
small, 6@UV4c; partsklms, 2<&sc; fnllaKims. l%c
KGGS— Firm; Western, titsh, 16@16c; do %i
case, $1 80(4,-1.
I ALLOW— Firm; city, 3Vg@3i.4c: country, 314
@33 B e.
COTTONSEED OlL— Active; crude, 20c: yel
low prime, 23c. '
PETROLE M— Steady; refined, $6 80; Phila
delphia, $7 60.
RlCE— Firm: domestic, 3Vi@sVic; Japan,
414 c. . ■• -. ; _ _"•;
61OLAS8ES— Firm: New Orleans, 27<337c.
COFFER— Steady. 25 points down: September,
$9@9 20; October. $8 86: November. $8 46®
8 50: December, $8 40@845; March and April.
$8 40(§>8 45; May, $j 40(it8 45: July, $8 40®
8 50. spot Rio, dull. weak". No. 7. 1014 c.
bCG Alt— Moderately active, steady; Mold A,
sc; standard A, 4 3 /4c; confectioners' A. 4^feC; cut
loaf, 5s/ g c: crushed. 6^'gC; powdered, 6c; granu
lated, 4%c; cubes, 6c
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New, Bags, B@loc.
PEACHES— OId, peeled, l'.'@l4c; on peeled, 6
@Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 43,i(rti5c.
itAlSlNis— 1 wo-crow!-, loose Muscatels. S 9 ,i&
4c: do three-crown. s@sV4<-" do lour-crowu. 6V»
©6c: do London layers, #l(g»i 15; do clusters, $1 2o
(g,i 45.
HOPS- Quiet. Pacinc Coast, 3®6V»c
WOOL-sieady. Domestic fleece, 13@23c:
pulled, 18<A31c; Texas, 7(a»10c
Alerchandlse.
riP IKON— Qnlet: American. SMO 25@12 50.
COPrF.P- Quiet; lake. SlO 65(3>10 85.
LEA li— Firm: domestic. »2 75@2 80. •
UN-Dull; siraita. itl3 20@13U0: plates quiet.
bPELTEK-Dull; Commie. «3 65@3 60.
uiu.u.u .M.viiKi;rs.
CHICAGO, lil. Sept. 9.— After several in
effectual straggles to break away from the figures
established at the close yesterday, wheat : this
morning became quiet and set. led Into a rut. The
bulls made capital out of frost predictions from the
Northwest, and succeeded in - advancing prices a
few fractions, but the limited export clearances,
121,268 bushel*, altered the feeling and caused re
cessions. Liverpool opening. cabl s were steady,
closing ones were y«d lower. Receipts at Chicago
were 414 cars, and 90,150 bushels were taken
from store. Bradstreets reported an increase In
the world's stocks of 3,392,000 bushels, and the
crowd sold rather freely on. the fisures, only to
Una a paucity of offerings when endeavoring to
cover later, tbe market becoming s roni; and ad
vicclmt quite a little. Closing Paris and Berlin
cables were higher and Antwerp 11 n. hanged. De
cember wheat opened from s{J@s7%c, advanced
to &B%c, closing at 58*/2 - %c higher than yister
day K.ttunated receipts for to-morrow 200 cars.
CORN— Tbe business situation In corn was
stagnant, and prices, in lieu of direct information
or influence, were dependent upon the action of
wheat lor inspiration. Receipts were 898 cars and
497,414 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Liverpool cables were , quiet and unchanged.
Bradstreets reported a decrease In stocks 0f'693,
-000 bushels- Export clearances amounted to
264,448 bushels. May corn opened at aH7'»c,
sold between 23% and-j!4c, closing at 23% c. un
changed from yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 6>o cars.
OaTS — I he dullness of wheat and corn was re
produced in oats, with - prices moving slowly ana
within a narrow range. The sentiment was firm,
however, crop news being generally encouraging
to ho. dors. Receipts were 665 cars, and 66,211
bushels were withdrawn from store. Brad streets
reported an increase In stocks if 674.000 bushels.
)• xports were insignificant. May closed at Vi@
3' 8 c higher than yesterday. Estimated receip.s
for to-morrow 216 cars.
FLAX— Steady. Cash. 68%@640; September,
63% c: December, 66% c. .Receipts were 112 cars.
PRuV lalON S— Trade in provisions was so quiet
that prices were inert during the most of the
session. Opening advances, due to a steady hog
market, were sustained later, without any ■ par
ticular effort in thai direction. The subsequent
strengthening of wheat prices exercised a good
effect on provisions. January pork closed 12% c
higher; January lard and ribs each 6@7%c
higher.
BUTTER-Firmer and demand good.
Creameries- 15c V tb: firsts, 13@14c;
seconds. ll@13c; imitations, fancy, I'.!<ai3c.
Liaines-Kxtras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9%(aioc: firsts, B@B%c; packing
Block, 7@7VaC: grease, 4(S;6c.
EGUS— Demand brisk. Fresh nock, 12%@13c
p aosen.
toOM£i— Was firm at 6597% on call and 7% on
time loans. A e * * Oljt exchange sold at &1 25 dis
count.
Cloning Prices.
WHF.AT-BeDtember. 68»4c: December. 68% c;
Mny, 62y B e.
21 C M — September. 19 % c: December, 20%®
" AT *-Beptember. 151,4 c; May. 18»4c.
f""^-— September. $5 75; January. *6 72%.
• , AKIJ ~ September, *3 2ft; January, *3 65. .
iiltb-bepuniDer, S3 17%; January, *3 37%.
Livestock. • -
UNION STOCKYARDS. : Ir,i.. September ».—
CATTLE-Slow. Receipts. 19.000. Fancy beeves.
95 15@5 30: choice 10 prime. 1300 to 1700 H> steers, ■
$1 "Oroift 00; good to choice steers. 1800 to 1600 ft.
*4 4U®4 66; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 lb, «4 10
(a,4 SS: lair beef steers; 950 to 1300 lbs.
$d 75@4 00: butcher , steers. S3 16 & 8 70:
choice stockerj and feeders. 900 to 1250 Ib. *3 40
®ji -6: fair do. 600 to 876 lb. S2 40@3 40; bulls.
• V?,» J , t exlra> *- 80 @ 3 25 bulls - Poor 10 cnoice,
*i»u®. 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra, s3 tO
fs3 .0: cows, lair to choice, $2 26@3 40: «ows.
common to fair canners. $1 65@2 20: calves, good
'" ™°'«. * 5 - s 5 76: calves, common to good,
••> -0(g)5 00; lexns grass steers. 82 50@3 Id.
lexascows and bulls, $1 75©2 50; Western can-
m ."l*"'; 1 " 1 - «- 65(a»4; Western range cows ana helf
«-»'i, *L so^. f>u mlllcers . and springers, » head,
♦ *«(*3B; \\ estern range steers, »2 bO@>3 HO.
nous-Active. Receipts. 27.000. Heavy packlnc
ana Finppii,.- lots $2 75»3 25: common to choice
"ah , * 285 *»»35: choice assorted. $0 3iM
"• gfH- "» a isaa 40: pigs. $2»a 25.
Mißir- slow. Receipts. 16.0W0. interior 10
k enwee, 26; Uu&bs, »2 60*4 00.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call Is quiet at 607%: last loan
at 6% and closing offered at 5%. Prime mercantile
paper, b@9%. Bar sliver, 66c. Mexican dollars, 61 V*
@53V^c; Sterling Exchange is easy, with
actual business in bankers' bills at 94 82i, 2 @ 4 82&4
for a xty days, and $ 4 88@4 B*SV* for demand.
Posted rates, $4 83@* 85. Commercial bills,
$4 Hiy ©4 82. Government bonds steady. State
bonds dull. Railroad bonds firm. Silver at the
board was quiet. .
CXOWTNO btocic*.
A m Tel A Cable.. 86 Norfolk & WeMrn. 8%
Atchlson l'is^ Preferred. 13i/ 4
Preferred 18Vs Northern Pacific. 12V,
Adams Express. ...140 Preferred. 20
Alton. Terre Haute 67 Northwestern 9hsa
American Express 108 Preferred 142
AmericanTODacco. 603 /4 N. Y. Central 82^4
Preferred......:.. 94 N.Y. , Chicago* A L. 10
BayStateGas 16 Ist preferred..... 63
Baltimore A Ohio.. 13V4 ; Yd preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. %N.Y.4N.H. . 167
buffalo, Roch &. P. 17 N. Y. A New Eng. 20
Canada Pacific... 68 N. V., Susq <& W... BVi
Canada southern.. 46 Preferred. 23
Canton Land 60% Ontario 10
Central Pacinc 14 Ontario A Western 13
Chen. A 0hi0....... i.33^ Oregon Improvmnc Vi
Chicago Alton. 162 Preferred. — —
Preferred ....... J7O Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago. B. A Q.... 67 Oregon Short Line. 13
CnlcasoAE. 111... 38 Pacific Mall 1&1£
Preferred.. »0 jPeorla, D. A Evans 18/4
ChlcagoGas 69 Pittsburg AW. pfd 16
CleveA Plttsbarg..lSS Pullman Palace.... 142%
Consolidation CoaL 31 Quicksilver... "Jr.
Consolidated Ua5..146 Preferred. . " 15
CC.C. A St. Louis 26% Reading. \ " ltU/i
Preferred.... 78 RioGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 19% Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Hock Island. " 60V4
Cotton Oil Cert .... 13% RomeWatAOgaenllo7%
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. AS. W. 3V*
Dei. Hudson ...... 121 Preferred. _ Bi/x
Del. Lack &. Westrn. 161 St. Paul 70%
Denver AB, G 11 Preferred." ' .127
Preferred. 42% St. Paul A Duluth. 1614
DlsUUers Preferred 75
General Electric. 27»4 St. Paul A Omaha. 35%
Erie 12% Preferred. 115
Preferred ....... 29 KuP. M. AM . 103
Fort Wayne 149 silver Certificates! 66V8
Great Northern pfdll2 Southern Pacinc... 16
Green 8ay.......... % Southern R. X is/.
Harlem 300 Preferred. 21J/a
Hocking C0a1...... Sugar Refinery I!!". H5vJ
Hocking Valley.... 15 Preferred......... 101
Homestake. 34 Term. Coal A Iron. 213^
H. A Texas Cent... Preferred. .. 80
Illinois Central..... 88% Texas Pacific " 6%
lowa Central 714 ToLA.A.<SN.Micn* —
Preferrea 26 Tol. A Ohio Cent.. 20
Kansas A Texas... 10 | Preferred. 56
Preferred 228,4 Tol.BuLouisAK.cl b
Kingston A Fern... 3 i Preferred. 5
Lake Erie A Westn 16 Onion Pacinc ". 6V&
Preferred. 67 U. P. Den A Gait.". 1%
Lakeshore.. 147 U. 8. Coraaee.. 3?i
Katlonal Lead 21 Preferred... ... 7
Preferred... 82 Guaranteed..... 14
Long Island 66 U. 8. Express .. . 35
Louisville A Nash. 40% V. ts. Leather 7%
Louisville. NaACa 2% Preferred 49«
Preferred. « .U.S. Rubber 17
Manhattan Consol. 84% Preferred. . 70
Memphis A Chans. 16 CtlcaAß. River..
MexlcanCemral... *V 4 Wab. K. L. A Pao.. 63/
Michigan Central.. 87 i Preferred. 14y 8
Minn A a L. iWells-Farga 60
Preferred Western Union.... Bl^
Minn A St. L com. 14% Wisconsin Central. ls/s
Ist preferred 68 Wheeling AL. ifi.. 6Va
t 2dpreferred 38 Preferred. 24Va
M lB sonri Paclfla... lb% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 48%
Mobile A Ohio 17 W. U. Beef . ... 7
Nashville A Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 7
National Unseed.. 14% Preferred. 18
N. J. Central 102 Brooklyn Traction. 21%
a orlb American... 48 /8 2d pfO. 17%
CXosiNO BONDS. MrTH
Ala Class a4s 102 Northern Pao lsts. 11 3%
• Do Class B 4, 65.. 100 Do2ds 106
Alabama. cm*» C. 90 DoSds.. . . 65
Atcnison4s.. 76% Do con sol' 'is..... 45
Do'Jds A.. 34 OXmprovement Ist 75
CanadaSouth2ds..lOO Do 6s . . 10
ten Pac lsts of '95. 99 O A Ist* . . 107
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Do :onsol 6s 88
I*> 1887 10U Or short Line 65... 108
Do 1898.... ...... 100 Docons6s: 60»4
Do 1899 100 Pacific >Js of ■97....
Ches Ohio 05....106 PhilaA.-eading 4s. 74J>
'■IiAJTPTr Rets 5s 40 Do Ist pfd incam. 34 "
DC3-655... 109H R Grande Wesfclsts 70
Den AKG 15t..... 110 StLAlronMtGen ss 69%
.. . .*■•••' 86% St LABF Gen 6s. 103
f: rlt " *a« ....60 ,St Paul Consols.... 123
ti\\ ADenCitylsts 51% St P C A Pa 15t5.. .113
OH A 8A65......101 ■So Carolina 4%5... 90
D02d75... 96 Southern RR6s... 84%
Gen Elec Deb bs... 83 Do Pac Cal 15t5.. 107
H A Tex Cent 65.. 102 Term new 35... . 70
Doconßs. 102 Texas Pacific lsis. 79
Centralists.. 90 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 17
Kansas Pa Consols 62 Union Pac lsts 90.100%
ba i-» l*u Den dlv! 08 v B«s reg of lyae.ll6 1 ,4
La Consol 4s 90 Do 4s, coupon.... 11 6 1 *
Missouri funding... r f= 4 (..r«»e of 1907.106%
MKT2ds... 51 Do 48. coupon 107%
Do 4s 80 D 055.....!?..... 92
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 61 Doss 110%
Mutual Union 65.. .107 i coupon 110%
N J Cent Gen 65...114V 8 Va funding debt... 67
If V i'Ast Louis 451023 /4 ' Do registered..... .
NorAWest Gen 68.116 i Do deferred 65.. 6
N Carolina con 45.. 90 < Do trust rcpts st 4
Do 6s 110 Wabasn Ist 5s 103 V*
Northwest Consols. 135 West Shore 4a. 103Va
Do deb 5s 104% ■ *
■y.4**' -— • — ♦ —
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896.
3u. Mo. Tu. W. Th. l-r.'Sa. Moon's Phase:
12 3 4! 5 4% JfewMoon.
: | W Sept. 7.
8 7 8 9 10 11 12 1/^Flnr. Quarta
V>JJ Sept. 13.
13 14 15 16 17 18 19 ~ Full Moon.
V&/ Sept. 21.
20 21 22 23 24 25 2« — —
• « _ (7*\Last Quarter.
27 28 29 30 29 '
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco.
BTEAMEB | DESTINATION. [ BAILS. | PI EB .
State 01 Cat. j Portland |BeptlO.lt>AM Pier a*
Rosa. Ban Diego lsept.lo. Ham PlerU
Pomona IHumboldtEay SeptlO, 'zru Pier *
£*■•&,: foosßay SeptH.lOAM l-ler 13
Lmatilla.... Vic&PgtSnd Sepul. 9au Pier 9
Coos 8ay.... Newport Sept 12. Sau Pier II
rarallon.... Yaqalua Bay. S«?ptl3, 9am fieri
Corona t"" 1 t)i « (t0 St'Ptl4.llAM Pier U
Columbia... Portland SeDtIB.IUAM PierJ*
Eureka Newport. sseptlß Vau Pier 1 1
City Puebla; Vie <k Pgt Sndj Sept 16^ 9AM!PIer 9
AiatnedM.. ..; Sydney Septl7, 2pm Pier 7
'"'' ol ; Grays ilarnor. v Pier •£
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
"TRAIfKR |
From
Due
Yaquina 'Seattle
Newsboy Til.arooolt
Aiaso Coos Bay
Coos Hay Newport..
City of Peking.. I China and 'Japan'.'."
Mackinaw lacoma
Karallon Yaqulna Bay .. . "
Corona :-au Diei;o.
Del None i*rays Hnrbor "
C.tv Pnebla.... Victoria* Puget Sound "
Columbia Portland.
Weeott Eel River
Sunoi Grays Harbor.'.'.'.'.'.'.""'
Orizaba Mexico...
Crescent City. . . Crescent City
Eureka. Newport.... .'. !
Empire ; Portland.
Santa Kosa San Dieeo...
North For*. Humbuldt Bay
Ansiraiias Honolulu...
Siateof Cal .... Portland. .
Walla U'ailH. . j Viciorla <s Pu'-Vt Sound
f=ept 10
sept 10
Sept 10
sept 10
Sept 10
Sept 10
Sept 11
sept 13
Sept IS
Sept 12
>ept l'J
Sept 1 a
Sept 14
Sept 14
Sept 14
Sept 14
sept 16
Sept 16
Sept 16
Sept 16
Sept 17
Sept 17
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
V. S. Coast act Geodetic Survey TIDI^
Bulletin Published by Official 5-
AUTHOKITV Or IHBBDPKBISIK.\DKXT. J
Thursd.iv. September 10 "
Bun rises 5.481 Moon rises
Suasets tf.2s|Moon sets. . . .".'" 7.63ph
September— 1896.
I Time I Feet Ti™ Fw>t Time Fee( Time
Hw . |L. Wl h w "
10 -1.29 6.4 1 7.12 1.6 1.22
11 2.35 6.0 7.61 2.'2 2.01
12 864 4.6 835 2.7 245
111 5.26 4.2 9.26 3.4 5.40
14 6.57 4.3 10.36 3.7 4.48
L \V II W L \V
15 0.28 .0.0 8.08 4.* 12.07
16 1.36 0.0 9.02 4.7 1.38
8.8 7.64 0.6
6.9 8.64 0.3
6.9 10.01 O.i
5.H 11.14 0.1
6.6!
!h w
3.81 6.07 5.5
3.6, 7.'24 6.6
•Jhv } . lho a ,'?? ve exposition of the tides the
SfnL morn , ln 5 lldes are Klven In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tim*
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
y?i,A CO i Umn tho third tide,- ana the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
tccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height and then the number given Is subtractlve
from the deDth given by the chart*. „ .» <
hYDBOGiJAI'HiC BULLETIN.
Bkanch Htdboofaphic Office. U. 8. N., "»
Mebcitan-ts' Exchanok >
Bas Fbancisco. SeptembPr 9. 1896. )
To-day being a holiday, the time ball on Tele
graph Hili was not dropped.
A. F. Fechteler.
Lleutenan' U. S. X. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. September 9.
Stmr Lagana, Peterson, — hours fromUsal; —
to Pollard & Dodge.
Slmr Geo Loomts, Brldgett, 34 hours from Ven
tura; 6397 bblnoll, to Pac Coan Oil Co. •
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 16 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. 10 Goodall, Perkins it *.o.
Brsnip Androsa. Morgan, 64 days from Caleta
Bnena: 3018 tons nitrate of soda, to Balfour, Guth
rle & Co.
Bark Mohican, Saunders, 33 days from Hono
lulu: 1U.171 bags sugar, to Welch A Co: 1138 cs
canned pineapples, 8387 bag* sugar, to Williams,
Diinond «fc Co.
t Schr Newark Beck, 15 nours from Bowens
sanding. 149 M ft lumber, to F Heywood.
c i ...PS? 1 Anderson, 26 days from Ohkotsk
Trad in c codflsh, to McCallum Fishing and
Schr 41 "i" 5 ' Jor| s e nsen. 66 hours from Coaullle
River: 70 M ft lumber, to McDonald «fc McKmnon;
100 tons coal. toJ s Ktmball
h^o, B x?° link Nel son. 4 days from Mendo
clno. 190 M ft lumber, to Mendoclno Lumber Co.
sclir John G North, Rasmussen, 29 days from
Honoipu; 91S1 DagS sugar, to Williams, Dimond
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, September 9.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen.
Stmr Navarro, Miller. Cllpoerton Island,
frtmr Weeott, Whitney. Eel River.
2, ?£ m& Cruz - Nicholson, Port Harford, etc.
SHmrCleone, Johnson.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Llniberg, Karluk.
nchr Gotama, Bnsseni. Coos Bay.
schr Mary ana Ida. Ristlne.
Schr Sacramento, Ni.sen, Frankport.
Scnr Volant, Krratt, i'lgeon Poinu In tow Of tug
Alert.
Spoken.
Sept 4, lat 60 N, lons 11 W-Br ship Annie
Ihomas, from Liverpool, for San Francisco.
Aug 23-Bark Guy C Goss, from New York, for
Port Los Angeles.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sept. 9-10 p. m.— Weather
hszy: wind W; velocity 6 miles.
Domestic Ports. -
GREENWOOD-Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Green
wood, hence Sept 8.
ALBlON— Arrived Sept 9-Stmr Scotia, hence
Sept 8.
M EN DOClNO— Sailed Sept 9— Stmr Point Arena
for San Frnnclsco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 9— Schr Wm
Bowden, from St Michael.
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 9— Stmrs Soutn Coast
and National City, for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Sent 9-Nlc bark Elise.
ALBlON— Sailed Sept 9— »tmr Alice Blanchard,
for Portland.
PORT GAMBLE- Arrived Sept 9-Schr Joseph
Russ. from San Pedro.
>ailed sept 9— Schr Comet, for Ban Pedro; schr
J M Colman, for San Francisco.
TATOOSH— Passed In Sept 9— Stmr Willamette,
hence Sept 4. for Nanaimo.
USAL— Sailed sept 9— Stmr Westport, for Re
dondo.
POHT BLAKELKY- Arrived Sept 9-Schr Vega
from Seattle.
NEEDLE ROCK— Arrived Sept 9— Stmr Albion.l
hence Sept 8. _^_^_^^^^^^^^^^^^^M
Foreign Ports.
COLON— Arrived Sept 7— Stmr Advance, from
New York.
FALMOTJTH-Passed Sept B— Br ship Glenburn,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
SH AN OH Ar— Sailed Sept B— Br stmr Woolwich
for Tacoma.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 9-Stmr Karlsruhe,
from Bremen; stmr Servia, from Liverpool and
Queensiown; stmr Trave, from Bremen and
Southampton.
Salle<t Sept 9— Stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Rotterdam, for Roterdam: stmr Frieslaud,
for Antwerp; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool.
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Sept 9— Stmr
St Louis, from N«w York; stmr Lahn, from New
York: stmr Ems, from New York.
Sailt-a Snpt 9— stmr Spree, for New York.
ROTTERDAM-Salled Sepl 9— Stmr Maasdam,
for New York.
BOWHEAD-Passed Sept 9-Stmr Germanic,
from .New York, for Liverpool.
Importations.
EUREKA- Per Pomona-2 kegs 82 bxs butter,
3 OX3 flih, lbx crackers. 10 pkgs mdse. 1 horse, 1
bx berries, 160 head cattle. 12 doors. Isk coin, 2
bblsmin water. 3 cs dry goods, 6 pkgs express, 14
M ft lumber.
K& X R R— l7s bxs butter, 3 b.ts spices, 1 box
fleh. 1 axle, Icl shoes, 1 pkg brandy, a 2 doors, 2
bbls elder.
Consignees.
Per Pomona- American Union Fish Co: Miller
& Lux; Brigham. Hopne & Co: Wells, Fargo <S Co-
C A Hooper & Co: Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co- Kuier
prise Brewery: Dairymen's Union: National Ice
Co: Wleland BrewinteCo: Standard Oil Co : McKiiy
<fc co; w Cohen & Co: Wheaton, Brton &Co- U s
Brewery: A Schilling & Co; Baker* Hamilton- J
Butler; Cahn, XickL'isburgdtCo: Getz Bros & Co
-0 E Whitney & Co: Norton, Teller <fc Co ; Hibernia
Brewery: Hills Bros: American Biscuit Co- CA
O'Connor; Hoffman & Rothschild: Humboldt Mm
Water Co: J Jl Krouse; -Ma del <fe Welner- New
Home .Sewing-machine Co; Kolb dt Denhard; 8
Watson; Union Brewery; Pac Lumber and Mill
Co: Seegelken & Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAJY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A-»
to Broadway wharf, San Francisco, asJESGScsS
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taioma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W. atcom (Bellingham Bay. Wash.), 9a. M.
Bep*. 1, 6, 11, Its. 21, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., atTa<oma with N. P. R.:r., at Seattle with Q.
K. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For lureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum- !
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. -2, 6, 10, 14, '
18. Y2, 16. 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East s ii
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 20. 24, 28, and every fourth
| day thereafter. .
For san Diesro, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
j-elt-s, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M. Sent. '2, 6, If), 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsptiada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. m. 'Jsili of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street. •
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'i Agents,
10 Market st- San Francisco.
o. :r.. o _cS3 3>av
MIA JIPOBMIL
$6 Second Class, 412 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH ? INCLUDED. |
Columbia sails.. Aug. 16, 28, Sept. 5, 16, 25 ;
fctate of California 5ai15........
Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10,20, 80
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. X.
GOODALL, PERKINS <fc CO.. Genl. Supts.
j.;t;v;i- *'. iVCONM OR, General Ageat.
680 Market street, |
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, |^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 " r
AUSTRALIA. WS.S. AUSTRALIA. !
S. S. ALA.MKD.v sails Via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND lor SYDNEY, Thursday, September
17. at - p. m.
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues- \
day. Septe m ber 22. a: 10 a. m. Special party rates. j
Line to COOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN, \
ISoutb Africa.
J. D. tsPRECKELB A BROS. CO., Agents,
11 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st.. San Francisco.
(MPAGSIE GENERAL TRAISATLASTIQUB ;
. French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH AM
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «ip*K
this line avoid both transit oy English railway aaj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria. Egypt, Via Part* j
first-ciassslt>o: second-class, *lltt.
LA TOURALNE !-ept. 19, 7 A. M.
LAOABCOUNK .....SepU 26, 3 A. M.
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3, 7 a. M.
LACavMPAGNE ....Oct. 10, 3 a m.
LATOCRAINE - Oct. 17.6 a.m.
*3- For further partic^^^
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York,
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco. ■■
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMMIT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL ' /*C|L.
fortnightly for the West Indies and
Southampton, calling en route at cerbourglw
France and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third j
dais. $97 60. For further particulars appfy to
CWU3 ' PARROTT & CO., Agents.
■ 3C>E r»llfnmi»»ti
STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6 F. 31-. JOaily. * r.-itli. received up
to »:.'Ji» v. 3L" •
■ jay Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
ibe only line making through rates on Valley
Road freight. .
STtAMERS:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
Mary Garratt, , City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Imut. Co
U.S. IAVYYARD. MARK ISHID, YALLEJO,
•Benitw, *P»rt. Co*ta. *lrtTkeil and *Valon».
STR. MONTICELLO,
Daily 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays •*l :|f
A.M.), 3:30 p. m. Sundays Bp. M. only. Oiliw,
and landing. Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Bi;*;
SIM. HATCH BROs.
•..'•-• 4 and 8 p. m. trips only.
«« Vynrtlon tr.i, liiy'w f, hoiin at Navr-wrrt
HAttROAD TRAVEL;
MILL VALLEY AID MOIIT TAMALPAIS
mm RAILWAY.
(XS AND AFTER THURSDAY, AUGUST 27
v/ train will connect with North Pacific Coast
Railroad as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
c lsco 11:46 a. m. ; , returning arrive In saa Fran-
Cisco 6:30 p. m. Sunday: Leave San Francisco 9
a. m. and 1:60 p. m. ; returning arrive in San Fran-
cisco 3:30 and 6:30 p. m. Tickets can be secured
In advance of
, XilOS. COOK & §oif, 621 Market st.
RAILROAD TRAVEL
& F. AND PORTLAND EX- >
cursion TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth l>av Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot of
Market St., at 8:00 p. it.
OnrniJl!) 01 1) inrluilinc Berth,
OrcUlALr&lU Tourist Sleeper.
ri«4-i-<» I It X First-class, including
RATES * $19 n^er^
r'orfurher information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTIIKRX PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC system.)
Xrnlsia leave mi«l nr« tine to arrive at
SAN FHAKC'MIO.
I.IAVB — Fkom SEPTEiCBKB 3, 1896. — ARRIVE
•6:QOa Nilcs, San Jo* and Way Stations ... H: 1.l \
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and Kast.. 8:4.1 p
7:00 a Benicla, Vacaville, Ruicsey. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and lied ding via
Davis 6:43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calia-
toga and Santa Rosa 6:lSp
8:3Oa Niles, San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvlile and Red
Bluff 4:15p
•8:»0a Peters and Milton »7:15p
9:0«aL03 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles -t:!sp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:45\
9:00 a Vallejo O:I5p
l:OOp Niles, San Joso and Livermore B:'lsa,
"I:OOp Sacramento lliver Steamers :«0 p
« :30p Port Costa ami Way Stations t7:45?
4:OOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
Santa Rosa 9»15a
4i»»p Benicia, VacaviUe, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing, Marys-
ville, Orovillo and Sacramento 10:43*
*:aerNi!<i, San Jose, Llvermore and
Stockton 7:13p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:43 a
«*:«•* New Orleans lioness, Fresno. Bal:cr»-
iielil, Santa Barbara, Los Angeles,
Demii.g, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:15 a
5:00p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud East 1O:1Sa
B:00p Vallejo II :43a
6:O(>p European Mail, Ogdeu and East.... 9:45 a.
G:OOi> Hay wards, Niles aud San Jose 7:43 a.
t7:OOp Vallejo t7:45p
7:00p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Redding, Portland, Puget
Sound ami East 10:45 a,
SANTA < KHZ DIVISION (Narrovr <iuge;.
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Prinolpal Way Stations }S:osr
BtlsANe\vark,Centerville,SauJoae,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3:50p
•2 :15p Newark. Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creok,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations "11:20*
4:15p Newark, San Jose and T.ob Gatos. . . ■ 9:50^
COAST DIVISION (Third & Tounscml St*.) _
, *6:45 a .Sail Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 9:47 a
}7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JS:35p
1:33 a San Joso. Tres Finos, Santa Cruz,
Pacillo Grove. Paso Robles, San
Luis Obispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations U »30p
IO:4Wa San Jose and Way Stations 5:OOp
1 1:30 a Palo Alto aud Way Stations 3:30p
*2i3Oi' San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas,Monterey and PacilicGrove *lOi4Oa,
*3::iop Sait Jose, Pacinc Grove and Way
Stations # l:3opi
•4:30p San Joso and Way Stations *8:00 a
3:3oi> San.losoandPrincipal Way Stations *8:18 a
0:30 San Jose and Way Stations G:33a
t11;45i- San Jose mid Wav Stations fT:43p
SAN LKAMmO AND HAYWAKDS LOCAL.
i«O:OOAi ( 7:13 a
8:00 a t9:43A
iS. : 2oa Melrose, Seminary Park, {£[%*
'"ISop Fitchbnrg,SanLe«ndro Vtllsp
3:00p I . d 4:43p
4:00p f " * ' 5:43p
5:00p H iv wards 0:13p
5:30r xtaywaras. 7:43p
7:00p 8:45p
0:001" * Runs through to Niles. . 1 0:50 1-
ttll":I5pj tFromNUes. 1. ttl2:Qop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SO FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl:00 *2:30 J3:00
•4:00 tB:CO »6:00 p.M.
FromOASUKD— Foot ofßroadwtj.— «6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:00 *1:00 J2:00 *3:00 tl:00
"s:ooi'.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. " ' ' N -.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Üburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
I I AYS - 7:30 ' 9:00, 11:00 *•>»•: 13:SJL
8:80, 8:10, 6:30 p. v. Thursdays-Extra Mm
at 11 :30 p. Saturdays-JEitra trips at 1-al
•nd 11:30 p. it. :301 ?*?S*l I:3 * B:S *
f%jo i i^o'i\*' 30 ' 11:0 ° *'*•'• I:3ft 3:S *
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50. 9:10, 11-10 A it.
.t^^^^d^^,^^^^'™^
■°6So, Y B^"5 7 pf^. 9!a&i 11:1 ° *■ *« I:4 * 3s **
Between' San Francisco and Schuetsen Park mmmrn
■chednle as above. •—•»
«*°^rangisca '»^ . -ffl^- "
7:30 aif 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 aw
8:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pjf
~~~ I Fulton, ~ ~— ~
7:30 ah Windsor, 10:10 ah
Healdsburg,
IGeyservllle,
8:30 pm 7:30 am] Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 8:18 rm
Pleta, ~~~
7:30 am Hqpland & 10:10 am
8:30 pm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:80 PM 6:15 pic
7:30 am 10:10 am
7 :30 am Quernevllle. 7:80 PM
3:30 pm 6:18 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 1 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:06 pm 6:16 pm
7:30 am 1 7 :30 am I s , hM ,. m , 110:40 am ! 10:10 am
B:3opm|6:oopm| He ° astopol - I 6:06 ru\ 6:15 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
.Springs; at Geyservllle for skates Springs: M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and l-akeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Vkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bine
lAkes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
aell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
lOreenvrood, Git's Hot Springs. Mendooino City,
.Fort Bragg, B tport. Usal, Wiliets, Cahto, O» ■
♦alo. Lay tonviile, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
Httea
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle nuildta£
B.G. WHITING, ex' R. X. RYAN,
' yen. Manager. . Gen. Pass- Agenv
AJ4 A •
Atlantic <ti^gsg**
Trains leave and arrive m F&J^llNaSiS^l
Market-Street Kerry. VSaV^^SSlStiB
SAMA FE EXPRESS. |l|lii
To Chicago via A. & j • .^sCSsjJ^oUTel
Direct Linn '^&^SrIS^ I^f&
Leaves every day at sp. m., carry >v i ullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern in.
holstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charge of a porter, run daily
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex caw
for Denver and St. Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket OiHce, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Kulldlng. Telephone Main.
1531. Oakland. 11 18 Broadway.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sangalito Ferry).
*Rom San Francisco, V O mm« 11: .i,, Juue 15, 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
% l -in V i*fi ey 11 at il Saa «a' ae l-7:00. -8:00
5:16, 'oiOH. -.35 1-. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11:30 P. m.
• SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo. *9:00,
• 10 :U«. 11:3Ua. M.;»*l^:3j. *1 :30. *2:15, »4:00.
6:30,6:45,8:30 p. m. JExtra trip to Sausalitoat
11:00 a. m. •
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. »*12:30
P.M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way s:»:ions— 9 A. M.
fiumlavs. i
For Point. Reyes, Cazadero and way stations—
8:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:45 p. m. weekdays.
FOR S M, lU UiOS & SAITACUI2
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT, ■
O at 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7P. M. (Saturdays Excepted). Freight and Pas*
senger, Fare between San Francisco and Alviso,
6Oo : to San Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier I. 2Q W«
gatntff, C|a^ «t lt r~ B p .lan. —- -- — — — ~Interesting News Items From Aiameda County.
PROOF AGAINST
NITRO-GLYCERINE
Captain McLean of Pinole
Has Lived Through
All Explosions.
i
WRECK ABOUT REBUILT. { :
Men Can Always Be Found Who
Seem Anxious to Live on
the Verge of Danger.
EXPLOSIONS TEACH NOTHING.
No One Who Could Tell Anything Re
garding the Cause Ever Escapes
With Lite.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
808 Broadway, Sept. 9. )
Although a holiday, work was not
dropped at the powder works at Pinole i
yesterday. Old John McLean, who went '
JOHN McLEAN, Foreman of the Pinole Powder Works, Who Has
Come Out of Every Explosion Unharmed.
to work for the company in the early
seventies, when the works were located on
the Almshouse Tract in San Francisco,
was busy as usual directing the renovating
of the wreck of last week.
Captain McLean is a fixture of the pow
der works. He is one of the few fixtures,
as nearly every portion of the works and
many of the employes during the past
twenty-five years have fallen victims to
the many explosions.
"We'll soon be at work again," said
Captain McLean, who derives his title
from his connection many years ago with
the old Liberty Hose Company of the
early San Francisco Fire Department.
"A wreck from an explosion is one of the
easiest to fix up. There is no use trying
to put the pieces togetber. You know
that everything is totally ruined and that
you may as well start at once to rebuild
the houses.
"Dangerous? Life in a powder-mill?
It isn't and it is. So far as the real cause
of the accident is concerned we haven't
made much progress. You see the people
who could tell us all about it are not
around after tne explosion. No, that is a
mistake; but they are net in a condition
to tell us how it happened. Once forty
one men went up with the mixing-house,
and that is the general way of all ex
plosions. W T hen she up she goes and
those that don't go with her are left
guessing.
"Anything very peculiar about the last
flasn? There are peculiar things about
all explosions. You can't account tor
them any more than you can account for
the explosion itself. Sometimes the stuff
seems to po up, sometimes down and
sometimes sideways. Last year it went
down and made a hole in the ground bi--»
as a hill. This year it went up. Next
time— l won't guess what it may do.
"Plenty of Chinamen? Swarms. "We
can always get all the help we need.
Never was an explosion that we conld not
till the places of the lost next morning.
Don't you know there are a certain num
ber of men in all communities that like to
play with fire."
In a few days' time the mixine-house
and the nitre-house and the acid-house
will be filled with busy workmen, the eu
calyptus trees will burst out with new
leaf, the acres of burned grass will turn
green and the beautiful hillside will be in
readiness to be the scene of another
tragedy. _______ __^____
"PRAY, BUT DON'T WORK"
Chief of Police Lloyd Fires a
Bombshell at the City
C. E Union.
A Letter That Wili Doubtless Provoke
a Warm Discussion at the
Nxt Meeting.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway, Sept. 9. j
Chief of Police Lloyd has stirred up the
cily Christian Endeavor Union as it was
never agitated since its former preeident,
E. A. Sherman Jr., passed resolutions
censuring Mr. Lloyd's predecessor, Louis
Schaffer.
Chief Lloyd says that the Endeavorers
pray and sing too much and work too lit
ile along practical lines. After referring
»o the enormous strength of the Christian
Endeavor body, as evidenced by the 32,000
delegates at the Washington convention, j
he asks, "What is this magnificent or- ;
ganization doing along the practical lines
ofjevery-day Christianity 7 ; '
The next portion of his communication
compares the Christian Endeavor Union
to the army of General G. B. McClellan.
Chief Lloyd says it is beautifully organ
ized and consists of ideal soldiers, but that
they are not doing any active fighting.
Then the Chief proceeds to business and
says: "It comes to me that ideas .and
suggestions may be well Jreceived by the
Christian Endeavor Union from those
who would like to know What is the
good we may be doinj;?" He continues:
In my official capacity "I have often been
greatly exercised in behalf of the numerous
little children who are so often thrown within
the walls of the City Prison, where they can
receive but scant comfort, no provision being
made to care for them, and who when they
escape from tne prison walls find little incen
tive tor future striving or right living. There
are little waifs, often without a lather or
mother, and just as often with home sur
roundings of such a character that even the
streets ami prison walls would be purer and
better.
"What can be done to reclaim them as good
citizens and thus benefit humanity?" is a
question that should De answered, and one
that I believe it Is the province of your union
to solve. In 99 cases out of every one hundred
these unfortunate little waifs, if given proper
care and attention, might be reclaimed to use
ful man or woman hood, and many a boy and
girl would, from the proud pedestal of good
and virtuous citizenship, bless the hands that
assisted to raise them from their lower level.
and pure homes and faithful parents would
lessen crime ana make virtue more abundant,
while the penitentiaries and houses of shame
would be robbed of many an inmate.
Let me call your attention to the work that
is being done by the Salvation Army. Here
from the City Hall we have ample opportunity
to witness their operations day by day. These
earnest workers, oblivious to the scon's and
jeers that greet them upon every side, keep
steadily at work uplifting and comforting hu
manity. They do not wait lor them to come,
but they go out into the slums and byways and
search for the wanderers and the poor and un
fortunate. Not only do they minister to their
spiritual well being, but they likewise take
care of the physical man— feed the hungry,
comfort the sorrowing and clothe the naked —
and many a man has been brought to think of
a better life and future existence after being
fed and clothed.
This brings me ta"k to the magnifi- i
cent organization of the Christian En- !
deavor Union. I believe that there is ;
too much of singing and praying, and j
not enough of the practical Christianity dis
played by Jesus, who -went about healing the j
sick, raising the dead, comforting the sorrow- i
ing and feeding the hungry.
I do not wish to appear in the role of a critic, !
but rather as a friend to offer suggestions j
which may be oi value. Therefore I would ask, i
aside from our routine w.;rk, what practical |
efforts are we making along the lines for which
we are organized? And what are we adding ;
to the efforts for humanity? How often have !
we bent our united efforts to comfort, feed !
clothe and care for the homeless and the or
phan?
Xow I come back to the little waifs who are
so often thrown upon tne cold charity of the
City Prison. What might not this orpaniza
tion of 3000 members in Oak. and be abk: to
accomplish for these little ones? With a
small outlay of even 10 cents a month we
could raise a fund of $300, and with this
thirty or forty little children could re well
cared for, and with so little effort on our part
would be the means of saving hundreds of
good citizens and finally as earnest workers on
the same line. My young friends, the world
needs more practical,healthful,every-dayCnris
tiflnity in this age ttian ii does ot hymns and
fervent prayers, although it need not dispense
with this feature, either.
I offer these suggestions to you to give you a
subject for discussion and thought and effort
along a line that I do not think has yet been
thoroughly exhausted, believing that this or
ganization can accomplish wonderful results,
and results of which every true citizen will
feel proud, if said organization only de
termines to do so. Charles E. Lloyd,
Chiet of Police.
The communication is addressed to the
'Officers and Executive Committee of the
Christian Endeavor Union of Oakland."
It will be. read at the neit meeting of the
City Union, in about two weeks, and will
certainly provoke an animated discussion.
THE LAST CALL.
John H. O'Brien Suddenly Summoned,
After Two Days' Illness.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— John H.
O'Brien, Yosemite Valley Commissioner
and senior member of the firm of Watson
& O'Brien of this city, died at his home, |
813 Hyde street, San Francisco, last night
at 9:30 o'clock, after an illness of only two
days. He was in the store Sunday, but
was taken sick and went home to die.
Neuralgia of the heart was tne cause of I
death.
Deceased was a native of New Brans
wick, N. S., 65 years of age,' and came to
the coast in 1849, settling in El Dorado
County. In 1865 he went to Stockton,
where he remained more than twenty
years. In 18S6 he came to San Francisco
and in 1890 to this city. He was appointed
a member of the Yosemite Valley Com
mission by Governor Perkins on April 19,
1882. He was reapDOinted by Governors
Stoneman, Waterman and Mark-ham. His .
terra would have expired April 19, 1898.
The deceased leaves a widow and one
daughter. Mrs. Myra Evans,. who resides
in the southern portion .of ths State. He
was a member of Stockton Commandery
ho. 8, Knights Templar, and also of Stock- I
ton Lodge of Odd Fellows. The funeral
will take place under the auspices of i
the Stockton kuijrhts Templar and the re- !
mains will be taken to that place on a '
special train, which will leave the mole at !
9 o'clock Friday morning. Tr,e train will j
arrive at Stockton at 11:45 o'clock, when
the remains will be escorted to ' Rural
Cemetery, where the services will be held. !
The special train will return Friday after- j
noon, leaving Stockton at 3:30 and arriv- !
ing at Sixteenth-street station at 6:45 i
o'clock.
♦—#— .
Professor Hull" Dead.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— Professor A.
Huff, a unique character an a familiar
figure about the streets, died at the County
Infirmary to-day, being past 70 years of
age. He was a phrenologist, and quite a
student on the money question. He pub
lished one pamphlet and Y had prepared
another,* but had not the means to publish
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
ANOTHER CAUSE
OF HARD TIMES
Set Forth at the Prohi
bition County Con
vention.
MEN DRINK TOO MUCH.
Votes for Bryan or McKinley
Are Said to Be " Thrown
Away."
TEN DELEGATES PRESENT.
Monopolies Would Disappear if the
Money Spent in Drink Were
Put in Legitimate Trade.
Oakland Office Sak Fbasctbco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 9. )
Ten people were present in Hamilton
Hall to-day when Joseph Humphrey called
the Prohibition County Convention to
order. They were: O. G. May, E. C.
Arnold, S. P. Meads, Rev. Mr.Hoyt, Joseph
Humphrey, Dr. P. J. McCarger, F. E.
Coulter, Miss A. B. Tayriton, J. P. Hayes
and R. Wiand.
Dr. McCarger was elected temporary
president and J. H. Hayes secretary.
Chairman McCarger appointed the follow
ing committees:
Platform— S. P. Meads, Miss Taynton
and E. C. Arnold.
Permanent Organization — O. G. May, R.
Wiand and Joseph Humphrey.
While the committee were preparing
their report some unique prohibition em
blems were passed around. One repre
sented a silver dollar. On one side was
printed: "Since the saloon receives 16 to
the farmer's and laborer's 1, or one-third
of all our business, ergo, vote the Pro
hibition ticket for prosperity. The dollar
will look after itself."
On the other side the following an
nouncement appeared: "A bushel of corn
makes four gallons of whisky, worth $16.
Government gets $4 80; railroads, $1; man
ufacturer, $3 50; saloon, $6; farmer, for
corn, 30c; laborer, for work, 40c: drinker
gets hell; Nation gets bard times."
Chairman S. P. Meads of the committee
on platform read the following:
We, the Prohibitionists of Aiameda County,
in convention assembled, hereby adopt the
following platform setting lorth our princi
ples:
Resolved, That we heartily indorse the plat
form of the National Prohibition party adopted
at PittsDurg, including the suffrage resolution.
Second— We regard all measures called re
strictive ones, such as "removing screens."
"closing entrances," "Sunday closing," "tJOO
foot remedies," etc., as utterly ineffectual In
meeting the organized National liquor power
in polities
Tnird— We believe that Christian voters
should not be religiously opposed to the saloon
and politically in iavor "of it.
Fourth— We b-'lieve the license system Is "a
covenant with death and a league wit:, hell. 1 '
Governments have no right to barter away the
morals of the people for any money considera
tion.
Fifth— We believe that the present money
stringency has been largely caused by the
gathering of silver from tne products of labor
by wealthy brewers and distillers and its ex
change into gold at the National treasury to
be shipped from our country.
Sixth— We believe that labor cannot better
its condition by means either temperate or
violent as long as it must carry upon its bur
dened shouldera thousands of drunken work
men ready to sell their birthright for a mesa
of pottage. We also believe that the immigra
tion question would be positively and finally
settled by the adoption of National prohibi
tion. We believe that the question of monopo
lies would be settled for once aud all if the
money wasted by them upon drink should be
PROFESSOR S. P. MEADS of the High. School, Chairman of the
Prohibition Platform Committee.
used lor their benefit along the lines of legiti
mate trade under the natural laws of supply
and demand.
Seventh— We earnestly urge all Prohibition
voters to 6tand true to their colors and not
"throw away their votes" on either MeKlnley.
or Bryan.
The platform was indorsed by all
present.
Nominations for county officers were
then declared in order.
J. P. Hayes was nominated for Supervi
sor from the Fifth District.
H. W. titowe of East Oakland was nom
inated for Supervisor from the Fourth Dis
trict,
The nominations of Assembly candidates
from the Forty-sixth and Forty-seventh
districts were referred to the County Com
mittee.
T. J. Montgomery was nominated for
the Forty-eighth District.
Dr. J. Stark was nominated for the
Forty-ninth District.
Allen Shorkley was nominated for the
Fiftieth District, while the Fifty-first was
referred to the Couuty Committee.
The nomination of Btate Senator was re
ferred to the County Committee.
S. P. Meads nominated W. G. Clark of
Berkeley for Superior Judge and the nom
ination was unanimous.
SHE WAS PLUCKY.
Mr». Palmer Fire« Three Shots at a
Marauder Who Broke the
Wludow.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— Mrs. Palmer,
the ticket agent of the Southern Pacific
Company at the Oak-street station of the
Seventh-street local system, was startled
shortly after midnight by having the
ticket window broken in by a large stone
in the hands of a man. He never opened
his mouth, but she grabbed her revolver,
shoved it in his face and fired. The cap
failed to po, and the marauder dodeed
down and made off. She put her arm out
of the window and fired three shots at the
fleeing form, but failed to hit him. A
shrill call on the police whistle brought
Officer Clarke to the scene, but he faiied
to catch the man. The officers had been
changing at the hour at a point a dozen
blocks distant.
The officers have a good description of
the man, and will undoubtedly be able to
take him in. They do not believe it was
an attempt at robbery, but more to intimi
date Mrs. Palmer fora purpose best known
to those interested.
Death of SCra. King.
OAKLAND, Cai», Sept 9.— Mrs. King
died in the City and County Hospital of
cancer of the stomach on the 4th inst,, and
was buried from Delehanty & Havens'
undertaking parlors on Clay street, Sun
day, at 2 p. m., by the Ladies' Catholic Aid
Society, of which Mrs. Crinnian is presi
dent. The floral pieces, contributed Dy
employes of the cannery, were very beau
tiful. An elegant cross was also given by
Wends.
WINNING TO THEIR SIDE
The Women Suffragists Spend a
Profitable Day at Leona
Heights.
Wyman Dies of Injuries Received
Last Thursday— A Holiday Spent
in Pleasure.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 9.— The picnic
at Leona Heights to-aay, under the aus
spices of the woman suffragists of Ala
; meda County, was largely attended by
| Oaklanders, Alamedans and San Francis
cans, who anjoyed the day's outing and
the speeches of the orators.
Mrs. Dr. Kellopg-Lane and Miss Mollie
Comers of Oakland, Rev. Anna Shaw,
Miss Hay ana Miss Anthony were the
principal speakers and they made many
! friends for the eleventh amendment by
their forcible arguments.
Dinner was partaken of under the
spreading oaks from well-laden baskets,
after which the exercises of the day began.
Those in charge are highly gratified at
the attendance and ths interest shown in
! the cause.
Died of His Injuries.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 9.— Kenry Wy
man died late last evening at 1238 Park
I street, after five days' suffering from a
wound received in San Francisco while
working a "buffing machine." A piece of
iron flow out of the machine and etruck
him on the head, breaking his skull.
He was a member ol the Masonic order
and had a brother piesent at tbe time of
his death. His remains will be shipped
to Tehama, Cai., for burial Saturday.
A Quiet Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 9.— A1l Aiameda
was on wheels to-day, or at least all of the
younger portion of it that could hnd any
description of. a bicycle was.. All of the
places of business either remained closed
•all day or closed early. The Chief of
Police and some of his men went to Stock
ton along with the Native Sons. The
baths were liberally patronized by those
who neither rode a wheel nor bad a horse.
Tne mail carriers attended the picnic at
Trestle Glen.
A Pioneer's Final Best.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 9.— Rev. F. D.
Bo\ard of , the Park-street M. E. Church
came home to-day from Pacific Grove to
officiate at the funeral of the late Arthur
S. Barber, who died last Monday.
The services were held at the family
residence and were largely attended. The
interment took place at Mountain View
Cematery.
• • »
Jacob Letter's Funeral
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— The funeral
of the late Jacob Letter, the pioneer Jew
ish merchant who died at the synagogue
Sunday, where he had gone to attend the
rededication, was held from the fanvly
residence, 1016 Clay street, this afternoon
It was largely attended by the Jewish cir
cles of both sides of the bay. There were
delegations from the B'nai B'rith and
Knights of Pythias in attendance also
The pallbearers were S. D. Hirshberg, L*
Abrahams, E. Bernstein, George Samuels
Max Marcus and Sol Kabn.
The room in which Napoleon I died is
now a stable.
THEY DON'T WANT TENTS
Berkeley Collegians Object to
Having Recitations Held
Under Canvas.
Captain R. P. Thomas Celebrates Ad
mission Day in' Fitting Style at
His Mountain Home.
BERKELEY, Cal., Bept 9.— The report
in yesterday morning's Call of the inten
tion of the Board of Regents to furnish
tents in which to hold recitations because
of the overcrowded condition of the uni
versity buildings caused a ripple of com
motion among the students. But the
report to-day that the board had decided
positively to carry out the scheme caused
t.-e ripple to assume the proportions of a
tidal wave.
The students do not relish the idea even
to a small degree. They say that during
the winter season they will be placing
their liyes in jeopardy, as colds and sore
throats are almost certain to result from
the more or less violent exposure to which
they will be submitted if confined within
a thin shell of canvas.
Some of them absolutely declare that
they wili "cut" all recitations that are
held in tents during rainy weather, be
cause they would rather get "cinched out"
of college than be forced to leave because
of an attack of pneumonia or some kin
dred disease.
Captain Thomas Celebrates.
BERKELEY, Cal., fcept. 9.— Admission
day was celebrated very quietly by the
town people, but up on tne hill, three
quarters of a mile back of Berkeley, Cap
tain R. P. Thomas, the Soap King, kept
up a continuous bombardment from day
break to sunset with his two historic how
itzers, stationed at his celebrated "Fort
Thomas."
Down in the dense grove of eucalyptus
trees, planted by his own hand, a short
distance from the fort, the captain and his
i wife entertained between 300 and 400
! visitors from San Francisco, Oakland,
Aiameda and Berkeley, who had come to
show their love for the Golden West by
feasting together and listening to the
patriotic addresses.
A musical and literary programme was
: rendered, and addresses in keeping with
the occasion were delivered by Attorney
| George W. Haight, Charles Keller and
Rev. E. B. Payne. Tables were set under
the trees and in a huge tent, and refresh
ments were served by the ladies of the
i party.
THE WILSON FUNERAL.
His Body to Be Cremated at the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— The remains
of Hugh Wilson, the youngest son of Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Wilson, who was drowned
in the San Joaquin River twenty-one
miles from Stockton Monday afternoon
while on his way to the Admission day
celebration, were brought to this city
to-day.
The fnnera! will be held to-morrow at
1:30 from the family residence, 563 Hobart
street, and will be under the auspices of
University Lodge No. 144, I. O. O. F., and
Oakland Parlor No. 50, N. S. G. W., of
which he was a member. The remains
will be taken to tne Odd Fellows' Ceme
tery and cremated.
Relative to the death of Hugh Wilson
the following resolutions were adopted
last evening at a meeting of Branch 2 of
the Coal-dealers Association of California:
Wkkreas, By the interposition of Divine
Providence our esteemed associate, Hugh
Wilson, has been suddenly called from our
ii!:<In;; and whereas our deceased fellow
member has always manifested a lively inter
est in the affairs of the Coal-dealers' Associa
tion of California; and whereas his energy
as a business mnu and his honesty ot purpose
have marked him to us nil as a coming
leader in the ranks of Oakland's progressive
citizens; be it
Resolved, That we deplore the untimely
death, the unfortunate dissolution of our
lamented associate; ard be it further
Resolved, That we extend our sympathy to
the relatives of Mr. Wilson in this the hour of
their bereavement; and be it further
Retolvtd, That to demonstrate the respect we
entertain for our late friend we adjourn
this meeting without the transaction of
further business.
Joseph Caixaghak,
For James P. Taylor & Co.
Charles Sessions,
For Oregon Improvement Company.
W. B. Rydke,
For Oregon Coal and Navigation Company.
C. R. ai.len,
C. K. Wakefikld,
M. Byrnes,
Committee on Resolutions.
INJURED BY THE X RAY.
Willie Leary, the Glass - Eater, Was
Serlou*ly Hurt by the Experi
ments.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— Lying in a
local lodging-house, weak and pale and
almost broken in spirit, lies Willie Leary,
the young man glass-eater who startled
the visitors at the recent exposition by
eating glass tumblers and lamp chimneys,
and he is strong in the belief that all of
his troubles are due to efforts to view his
interior anatomy by means of the X ray.
After several experiments at glass-eat
ing, local physicians put him on a table
with the cathode ray apparatus strapped
to nis back. When the current was turned
on he received a severe shock and had his !
back burned badly. This has developed
into a ir.aiignant sore, which covers a
large portion of his back. His nerves
were so shattered that he cannot eat glass
until greatly improved.
"They tcld me they would not hurt
me,'' he said, "so I let them put on the
cathode ray. It knocked me down and
burned my back horribly. It has been I
over two weeks ago, but it burns awfully i
yet, aud I can't sieep at night. It caught j
me in the muscles, too, so that the doctors !
| say I will not be well for five or six years.
If that is so I will die, for I can't stand it.
"I have an engagement with the circus
in San Francisco now waiting for me, and \
I was to get $35 a week, but I am too sick,
so I can't go. They didn't treat me right,
those X-ray men, and now they have left
me all alone to suffer.
"I can't drink water like I used to, and
it make* a whole lot of difference, for I j
have to eat food now. I had some bread j
| yesterday, but it made me awful sick. !
■ No, I can't eat glass much now, either,
i because I am not able to drink enough
! water.
""You see, I always drink about a gallon
of water as soon as 1 get up, but now four
glasses are all I can get away with. I
never have stopped eating glass all my
life before and 1 never was sick until now.
| 1 am going to write to my father, who is
: In Randolph, Wis., and tell him that I am
■ bick and that they have made mo so. I
am sure he will come out here at once and
make it hot for these people."
PHYSICIANS' BANQUET.
Medical Men Meet Together and Hare
a Good Social A-veninjr.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept, 9.— The Ala
nieda County Medical Association held
its annual banquet last night at the
Hotel Metropole and there was fun and
meiorty until a late hour. There were
about seventy-five present including two
lady physicians and several invited guests.
Dr. Eastman of Berkeley, president of the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction BMes
GEO. F. LAMSOJ, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St.
ANOTHER GREAT SALE THIS DAY.
I THIS DAY. '
Thur5day.. ...... ...... .September 10. 1896.
At II o'clock a. m.. on the premises.
3 1 0 HAIQHT STREET,
I WILL SKU THE
Entire Magnificent Parlor, Chamber,
Dining-room, Library and 11 all
I 1 XT H. D>T ITXJH.I3,
. . .. COMPRISING
Grand Upright .Piano: splendid Upholstery: im-
> ported Bronzes: costly work* of Art; valuable
Paintings: Royal, Wilton, Body Velvet and Body
Brussels Carpets; splendid collection of magnifi-
cently Illustrated Books. Including gems in Italian,
French and German art, extra size, costing $25 a
volume; full edition Encyclopaedia Brltannica; 1
new Singer Sewing Machine: Haviland, Lemoge
and Dresden China; with all the other costly arti-
cles in this elegant home. Terms cash in U. S.
go d coin. HEP, F. LAMsQN. Auctioneer.
society, presided. Dr. J. R. Bradway, Dr.
J. S. Adams, Dr. Myra Knox, Dr. H. J.
Rowell, Dr. J. Maher and Dr. Terrill, Dr.
Williamson, Dr. Thomas of San Francisco
were among the speakers. H. A. Melvin
represented the bar and A. B. Nye the
press.
The affair was in charge of Dr. J. C. S.
Akerly, Dr. L. S. Burchard and Dr. A.
Miles Taylor.
Hard Customers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— The Mer
chants' Exchange has had under consider
ation for some time the question of how
it could collect bills from county and city
officials who try to live without paying
for their groceries and dry goods. It is
likely that they will try to have a bill
passed by the next Legislature whereby the
treasurer shall deposit the salaries oi offi
cials in a solvent bank to be drawn not
sooner than thirty days after deposited.
This would give merchants an opportunity
to attach salaries withont tyine up county
funds, to prevent which the present law
was framed.
Suffragist Workers.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— The Oak
land Political Eaaality Society, under the
guiding hand of Mrs. S. C. Borland, is
hard at work. Tbe following committees
have been named for special work:
Press— Mrs. M. L. W. Curtis, Mrs. Echlln.Miss
Ross and Mrs. S. C. Borland.
Programme— H. Jolidan Crooke, George P.
Allen, Mrs. M, G. Tripp.
Printing— Mrs. Flora J. C, Pearse, Mrs. M. F.
Foster. Mrs. S. J. Farwell.
Propaganda— Mrs. Florence Johnsoji, Mrs.
Cora Hopkirk, Mrs. J. K. Berry, Mrs. Lolo Fel
ton, Mrs. M. E. Horr, Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, Mrs.
Paul Perkins, Mrs. S. B. Standlsh, Mrs. H. F.
Coldwell.
Accidentally Shot.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 9.— While out
hunting on the Morrili Ranch back of
Mountain View Cemetery to-day Clark
Sullivan was accidentally shot in the left
shoulder. At first it was feared he was
fatally injured, but a thorough examina
tion and the lack of any pain shows it is
not so serious as at first thought.
HAMERTON GOT APPLAUSE
Seven Thousand Yelled Approval
as He Downed a Ter
rified Horse.
Exciting Scenes During the Free
Amateur Races at Ingelside
Yesterday.
Over 7000 persons were at the Insleside
racetrack yesterday as the invited guests
of the Golden Gate Park Driving Associa
tion, the occasion being the first tourna
ment neld by this recently organized club
of amateur horsemen, who like good driv
ing and want the public to take more in
terest in horses. The meet was an un
qualified success.
Following is the summary of events,
each owner driving his own horse.
First race, one mile, 2:35 class— Dr. G. W.
Leek's Kate Ha- Ha won in two st raight beats
—2:37 and 2:33— with John T. Dare's Dare sec
ond, the prizes being a $25 harness and ass
hat. Dare's long horse was impeded by being i
hitched too close to an inappropriate sulky.
The. race was won only through superior driv- !
ing by Dr. Leek, who held his horse steadily, !
while the faster Dare was several times forced |
off his feet, particularly while coming down >
the stretch, but the finishes were close.
Second race, one mile dash. 3:15 class — L.
Richardson's Belie won in2:st% with H. G.
Stindt's Jim Budd second and Joseph Shanzer's j
Nettie Seal third, the prizes being $15 in value '
— one year's subcriptibn to The Call, and one j
set of shoes. The winner finished in a jog, \
the other horses being hopelessly behind after
breaking on the back stretch.
Third race, one mile dash, 4-minute class — !
T. T. Pottinger's Tony R won in 3:06, with M. ;
J. Lawlor's Black Jack second and William
Donald's Bonnie Lass third, the prizes being a ;
$15 bridle, a $5 whip and one set of shoes, i
The winner, who was an even favorite against i
the field, led from the start. I. W. Rider's j
Bruce broke on the first turn and ran all the |
backstretch, demoralizing Black Jack and j
Bonnie Lass and actually passing under the I
wire a length ahead of the legitimate winner, ;
only to be fine! $1 and disqualified Dy the ]
judges.'
Fourth race, half-mile, two out of three |
beats. 2:50 class— John Mccarty's Lee Patchen ;
won by taking the first and third heats in i
1:26^ and 1:19. with Gus Bauer's Correct, j
winner of second heat in 1 :25! 3 , second, and
W. HlKginbottofu's Billy Button third; the j
prizes being a bay mare, two years' subscrip- |
tion to Breeder and Sportsman and 500 ;
pounds of grain. Lee Patchen had sold favor
ite. Ex-Assemblyman McCarthy, brother of
Dan of the high white hat, created- some dis
satisfaction, but after some parleying the j
judces permitted him to drive another heat, i
and he won it handily by thirty-live yards. •
Fifth race, three-eighths of a mile dash for '
truck horses weighing 1500 pounds or over— j
J. C. Ohlandt's Natural Ice, the favorite, won
by 75 yards in 1:39, with Charles F.Newman's I
Moilie second and T. B. Broderick's great big,
lumbering, black nightmare, Dan, third, the :
prizes being one case of whisky and $10 in i
dentistry.
Sixth race, one-mile dash; 2:25' class— Ed
Algeltinger's Our Joe won by 30 yards in i
2:3614, with Adam Baker's Mattie B second I
and Benjamin Levy's Mooger third, the prizes j
being a $25 lnprobe, tweive bales of straw ana ,
one silver caracase.
Seventh race, one mile, 2:30 class, If. A.
Reunion's Abbott won in two straight beats in '
2:34 and 2:36, with J. A. Sweeney's Wing !
Wing second and W. C. Hamerton's Fairmont i
Prince third, the prizes being a $15 whip and \
$10 in job printing.
Fairmont Prince was a 2 to 1 favorite
against the field, but while scoring for the first i
heat met with a sensational accident that '
wrecked the sulky and would have been very I
serious had it not been for the horsemanship '
and remarkable presence of mind of Mr. Ham- ;
erton, who dodged his falling horse as it reared |
and fell backward and quickly jumped over I
the prostrate body and held the animal's head j
down while assistance came. It all occurred ;
right in front of the judges' stand and the im
mense throng of spectators gave vent to their j
appreciation in a spontaneous burst of ap
plause. The fall doubtless shook the horse up '
considerably, as it showed poor form in the !
two heats.
Eighth race, one-mile dash, 3:30 class, A.
Schwartz's Kitty 8 won in 2:56, with G. T. j
Reynolds' Dandy second and F. W. Thomp
son's Miss Bishop third, the prizes being a $15
lap robe, ass whip and four bales of hay. T.
P. Minneb.au being left at the post suddenly
whipped up when the bunch had gone a
quarter, and to the great delight of the crowd
ran his mare the entire mile.
Ninth race, one-mile dash, three-minute '
class, J. W. McDonald's Anteo Conors won in '
2:59, with N. Johnson's Qneenie second and j
J. J. Smith's Stein-Echo third, the prizes being
$15 in value, a pair of scuff boots and one set
of shoes. •
Following: were the officers in charge of
the races: Judges— J. T. Magee. Worth
Ober, Albert McAllister; starters— George
Barnes and L. E. Clausen; timers— Dr.
Kike and Jam Mooney; marshals— be
Brodericfc and Dr. Daiziel.
Li Hung Chang, the Chinese statesman,
is of humble origin. His father was an
ignorant woodchopper and his mother
spent her girl hood as a servant.
LAUREKE YIIICKIT. AUCTIONEER.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent Drawing-room Uphols-
tery, Elegant Parlor, Chamber,
_ Library and. Dining-room
PURKTITUHE,
ROYAL WILTON AND BODY BRUS-
SELS CARPETS.
This Is a magnificently furnished residence and
Is well worthy the attention of all parties. contem-
plating purchasing elegant furniture.
Sale at the elegant residence,
8003 CALIFORNIA ST., NR. OCTAYIA,
TO-MORROW.
Friday. ...September 11, 1896,
At 11 O'clock A. M.
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
Note.— House open for Inspection early Friday
morning.
WELL-KEPT FCMITURE
TO-DAY At 2 o'clock P. m. TO-DAY
At Seventeenth St., near Guerrero.
FRANK \V. BUTTERFIKLD, Auctioneer for
A. M. SPECK A CO. 602 Market street.
OPENING OF A
NEW GOLF CLUB
The First Tournament Ever
Given in San Fran
cisco.
MANY VOTARIES ATTEND
The Fine New Grounds Are
Close to the Presidio
Reservation.
HANDICAP AND SWEEPSTAKES.
Winslow and Mcßean the Winners,
Tournaments Will Now Be
Given Monthly.
The first golf tournament ever held in
this City took place yesterday under the
auspices of the San Francisco Golf Club,
at the club's new grounds, south of the
Presidio reservation.
Golf is an imported form of recreation,
wnich has hitherto had a very imperfect
trial in California. Hanford, Tulare
County, has a flourishing golf club and a
few years ago Burlingame possessed one,
but it perished for lack of interest.
It is believed tbat the grounds of the
San Francisco Golf Club, which were
opened for the tournament yesterday,
wili do much toward fostering interest in
the sport. Near the entrance to the
grounds on Central avenue stands a hand
some clubhouse, nearly completed, and
the links themselves, while not presenting
all the advantages of the native heath of
golf, offer a very good substitute for
Scotch golfing grounds.
The sagebrush does nearly as well as
gorse, and there are inequalities in the
ground which make up for the lack of
sand hills. The baked condition of the
vegetation is a drawbacs, but the autumn
rains will soon remedy that.
Tne whole distance round the nine holes
is 2141 yards, ana the tournament yester
day was twice round. From the tee to
the first hole is 183 yards, and the second
hole, which is called the telephone, is 235
yards farther.
The third hole is 192 yards, most of the
distance being up hill on ground exposed
to the winds. The fourth hole is 341 yards
farther on, and the fifth, the short, 171
yards; the sixth hole is 232 yards farther
on, and the seventh, the high, 200 yards.
To reach the eightn hole the players have
to go down hill in the face of the trade
winds, and a very rough bit of ground, 303
yards in length, lies between the eiehth
and the ninth holes.
The tournament consisted of a handicap
played in the morning which was only
open to club members, and a sweepstakes
in the afternoon which was open to ail
Comers. There were only a couple of en
tries from the outside, however. Opinion
seemed to be pretty evenly divided as to
whether ordinary street clothes should be
worn or the regulation golhng outfit.
Some of the players were resplendent in
all the glories of tartan stockings and cos
tumes of the most approved style.
The handican began at 10:30 and lasted
till 1. The following gentlemen played,
pitted against one another in singles:
B. L. Aobott Jr. and Charles Page, K. E.
Forman and J. E. Rawiins, Jo n Parrott
and John Lawson, C. R. Winslow and C.
F. Mullins, Robert Oxnard and P. G. Mc-
Bean. John Lawson was put down as a
scratch man. Some good playing was
shown, although the wind interfered with
what should have been some straight
driving.
The average of the scores was 51. C. R.
Winslow was the winner of the hanaicap.
A. number of visitors came to see the
sweepstakes in the afternoon. The piay
ers were the members who had taken part
in the handicap in the mornine. The
sweepstakes began at 2&nd lasted till 4:30,
Mcßean being declared the winner.
It is the intention of the club to hold
tournaments every month during the dom
ing autumn, and it is believed that with a
little more practice a very creditable show
ing will be made.
The members of the club are:
P. Leonard Abbot Jr., Thomag C. Berry, Wll
liam Babcock, Harry Babcock, George D. Bord,
Alfred Bouvier, Gordon Bianding, William* B.
Bourn, James W. Byrne, Henry C. Breeden,
Thomas Blnney, Henry J. Crocker, Charles F.
Crocker, Robert L. Co.eman, Joseph B. Crock
ett, Christian de Guigne, Joseph A. Donohoe,
Charles P. Eells, Robert B. Forman,
Patrick Grant, JoseDQ D. Grant, Edward
M. Greenway, Walter S. Hobart, J. Downey
Harvey, J. W'.Hart, R. C. Harrfaon. John Law
son, Edward J. MeCutchen, Frederick W. Mc-
Near, Peier McG. Mcßean, Chime* V. Mullins,
Percy P. Moore, John D. McKee, W. Mayo New
hall, Robert Oxnard, Charles Page, John Par
rott, George A. Pope, Jared L. Rathbone, Oscar
T. Kewall, Arthur H. Small, Henry T. Scott,
William Thomas, Richard M. Tobin, Henry v
Tevis, Alex B. Williamson, Chauncey R. Win*
low, Frederick W. Zelie.
Fitzgerald Home.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 9.— Robert Fiti
gerald returned last evening from a tour
of the East and Europe, in which he
traveled about 1700 milea in ten weeks.
i The main object was to benefit bis health
i and do sightseeing. He has come home
j ureatly benefitted and improved in health.
He says little interest is manifested in
American politics abroad. At Liverpool
he met John McXear, who is there in
charge of his father's interests.
The electric wires of one of the French
railways are so arranged that they can be
used for telegraphing or telephoning.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 HK ABS I Y .ST. Established
In 18*54 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Loet Manhood. Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low
Carr>«iißranim>d. CallorwriteL
Eir. J. ft. uIBBQV. Box 1037. 5aa Fraacbca!
1112
THE ARCHBISHOP
ON CIVIL LIBERTY
Thousands Hear a Lecture
at Metropolitan Tem
ple.
CATHOLICSAND FREEDOM
The Young Men's Institute
Course Formally Inaugu
rated.
A LARGE AUDIENCE ASSEMBLES
Archbishop Riordan Tells the Story
of the Ages and Pleads tor
Liberty Now.
Metropolitan Temple was crowded last
night with a select audience that came to
hear Archbishop P. W. Riordan'a lecture
on "Individual and Political Liberty."
The American flag covered the pulpit dur
ing the lecture.
The stage was occupied by a number of
prominent members of the Young Men's
Institute and of the Catholic clergy, and
the lecture was preceded by an organ pre
lude.
The introductory speech was made by
Chairman Frank J. Kierce, who said : "It
is gratifying to see so large and intelligent
an audience on the occasion of the first
lecture of the Y. If. 1., the first of an in
structive series which we hope to present
every month."
The speaker said the members of the
Young Men's Institute were proud that
their organization, which began thirteen
years ago, has extended its membership
far beyond the Sierras. "The cardinal
principles of our order," he said, "are zeal
ousness for faith, for country and for the
welfare of our fellow-men. We are for
God and for country, and while we are
Catholics we do not ignore the benefits of
other orders. We last year did charity
work for men, women and children irre
spective of creed, and we are now engaged
in putting forth educational lectures. We
believe in patriotism, and think we ought
to teach our own children love of the flag
and the preservation of our country in its
purity and freedom for those who come
alter us."
The sentiment was loudly applauded,
after w*hich John A. McAuliffe sang "The
Holy City" so feelingly that he was re
called with much enthusiasm. He then
sang "The Lost Chord* with equal suc
cess.
The Arcn bishop then stepped forth and
began as follows:
"I am indeed proud to have the honor
of inaugurating this series of lectures, for
I have watched these young men with a
father's eye for many years, and I helped
to draft the constitution that governs your
body. [Cheers.] I can say there is noth
ing in it contrary to Americanism in its
noblest, purest sense.
"I hardly know how to begin here, or
just what to say. So many misrepresen
tations and calumnies have fallen from
this very platform. [Laughter.! I am
afraid that the truth, if I speak it from
here, will find itself lonesome. [Prolonged
laughter and cheering.] But I can say
that these young men have never allowed
their order to be used for political pur
poses. As supreme chaplain I should re
sign immediately if I should learn that
these young men had allowed their order
to be used for political purposes."
The speaker next devoted some atten
tion to various phases of the controversy
between Catholics and Protestants. He
said he knew there was a prevalent idea
"that the church does not keep pace with
the progress of the age." There is a vague
impression that the church lives in the
present as a mere relic of the past, and a
conviction that she cannot be a living fac
tor in affairs of the day. There is in many
places a belief that the average man can
not afford to listen to what they term the
church's ravings, because there is an in
compatibility between the spirit of the age
and the doctrines of the church, but this is
all wrong, all based on ignorance of his
tory and ignorance of facts.
"Let me call your attention to the fact,"
he continued, "that the idea that man is
a progressive being is found only in the
Jewish and Christian religions — not in
the pagan faiths with their golden age
ever in the dim past and their future ever
darkened. Furthermore, be it understood
that dogmatic Protestantism could not
construct a theory of progress. Why?
Because, when you preach the total de
pravity of man and destroy the doctrine
of free will, you dry up the wellsprings of
human progress and make man the mere
child of fate, the sport of blind chance.
"Personal independence is the first ele
ment of progress, and that idea the Catho
lic church has ever maintained. Then
comes the idea of the dignity of labor — the
right to attain to even ti.e highest social
position by industry alone, without refer
ence to blood or genealogy. You know
nearly all were slaves in pagan times.
Labor was not a dignity but a servility for
slaves, while the true citizen was excused
from toil. What changed these condi
tions? The cause is worth following.
"The Son of God came in a manger.
Labor then became a blessing, and since
then none have dared to despise the poor
laboring man, for that would be despising
Christ himself.
; '•Christ brought the true idea of liberty
all equal before God, therefore all men are
. equal belore the law. Liberty was born
with the star of Bethlehem.
"The P«,oman Empire was built on privi
leges and class legislation. Its rulers soon
realized the nature of the conflict for free
dom which Christ's coming inaugurated.
For 300 years the early founuers of the
church were butchered in the amphi
tneater. All through Paul you rind the
teachings of freedom — 'there ia neither
bond nor free.' Ah, my friends, at the
sound of these words the elements of
pagan civilization were dissolved. There
were to be no more posts of honor to tha
tyrant, no more privileges granted on
class distinctions.
"The church taught the people the dig
nity of labor and the great European
cities were founded by the monks. Theo
dore Parker, tne learned Boston Unitarian,
has vididly pictured the services of the
church, has told the story of how the
Catholics stood between the barons and
the people and took to her bosom ail tha
oppressed."
The Arcnbishop then dwelt at some
length on creeds and faith, saying: "Out
side of the Jewish and Catholic religions
there is no warrant whatever for any
faith. I see one great historic institution
in an unbroken line for ages, and it
speaks to me as a divine "institution.
Bishop as I am, were it not for this divine
faith I would deny all authority of men
and follow my own reason and conscience
aione. The Jewish faith ana ours are tbe
only ones, we accepting theirs and supple
menting it by the new revelation."
It was next contended that the church
has always been for liberty. "'The Cath
olic barons forced Magna Charter upon an
unwilling being, and in every age the
pontiffs have stood between tbe people
and their oppressors." The archbishop
continued: "True government comes
from the people and political power is a
trust for the good of the country. That
was taught by the Jesuits ages ago. And
in the new world our church has been for
freedom.
"The clause of our fundamental law
that gives all men the right to worship
God as they please did not come from
Plymouth Rock, not from the original
colonies, but it came from Maryland, from
the empire of Lord Baltimore, where the
Catholics won in their fight for freedom."
In conclusion the Archbishop thankrd
those of the Jewish faith "for recent aid
in the cause of liberty" and referred to the
fact that "some of the opposition are now
having their lives shown up in courts,"
and thanked Father Peter C. Yorke "for
bravery and eloquence. " The mention of
Father Yorke's name was the signal for
applause that lasted without a break for
two minutes.
In conclusion the Archbishop told a
beautiful story of the blue and the gray —
bow bands of both armies, after a battle of
rival tunes, joined in "Home, Sweet
Home." He urged men of every faith to
join in one great civil song, "My Country,
'Tis of Thee," and to forget disputes and
differences in the melody of one great
anthem of patriotic devotion.
MUSCULAR CHRISTIANS.
Athletic Tryoot Field-Day of the Tonne
SI en's Christian Association.
A field-day, in preparation for the State
Y. M. C. A. Pentathlon contest, was held
yesterday at the Olympic Athletic
grounds. The rules governing the con
test were those of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Pentathlon system. The
main association team now holds the
championship banner, and will have to
defend it at the annual State athletic
meet to be held in this City on October 17
next.
The results were as follows:
One hundred yards dash^Firat heat, Titus
first, Wilson second; time, 11 1-3 sec. Second
heat, Leilich first, Foley second ; time, 11 3-5
sec. Final heat, Titus first, Wilson second;
time, 11 1-5 sec.
Half-mile race— Ziska first, Manning second;
time, 2:19.
Running high jump— Spacher first, 5 feet 2
inches; McDougall and Foley tied, 5 feet.
Twelve-pound shot put — Flelschner first, 37
feet 6 inches ; Foley second, 31 feet 8% inches.
Quarter-mile run— Leilich first, Ztslca second;
time, 57 3-5 sec.
Pole Vault— Spacher first, 8 feet 10% inches;
Fleischer second.
220-yard dash— Wilson first, 25 4-5 sec;
Titus second.
1 mile run— Ziska first, 9 mm. 24 4-3 sec. ;
Whales' second.
.Running broad jump— Foley first, 17 feet 10
incnes; Fleischer second, 17 feet 8 inches.
1 mile walk, handicap — McDougall first, 90
yards. Time, 8 mm. 49 sec; Leilich second,
scratch. Time, 8 mm. 53 2-5 sec.
12 pound hammer throw, without a turn —
Foley first, 72 feet 7 inches; Eastwood second,
70 feet.
Officers of the day were:
Referee, H. L. Dietz, M. I).; starter, Captain
George Kiarmann; judges— Julian Condol, D.
J. Grant, W. H. Mitchell, Alex Duncan;
timers— J. A. Geddes, George Montgomery, W.
H. Smith, J. H. Curley; clerk of course, G. A.
Heuer; judge of walk, A. W. Walsh; scorer,
H. L. Dietz, M. D.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Steve Brodie Is Drawing Large
Audiences at the Califor
nia Theater.
Herssracing at the Grand Opera-
House— Miss Blanche Bates as a
Leading Lady.
Steve Brodie will probably not be added
to the list of disgruntled freak actors who
have complained that San Francisco
treats tnem to a "dead, cold frost." The
fact is that Brodie's box-office receipts for
his tirst three nights must have been very
large. The house last night was a top
heavy one — that is to say, standing room
in the gallery was at a premium. Lower
down the crush was not so great, but
there were very few vacant seats, even in
the orchestra.
As for the performance, it was the same
as on the opening night — "laugh and
tumble," as regards the scenes and char
acters. Brodie himself wins his audience
by the ingenious way in which he does
not even pretend to act. In the baroom
scene, where he is at his happiest, he dis
penses drinfcs as one to the manner born.
"The Wife," at the Columbia Theater,
has a special interest, as it serves to intro
duce Miss Blanche Bates in her new role
of leading lady. She has developed an
unsuspected amount of emotional power
lately, and though the ring of true feeling
is at times lacking, her performance on
the whole is extremely creditable and
shows, furthermore, what rapid progress
she has made in her art since she played
in "Sweet Lavender" a little over a year
ago.
Hope Ross plays the ingenue role in
"The Wife" particularly well. She is
another member of the Frawley Company
who is to be congratulated on her progress.
"Mme. Sans Gene" is still drawing well
at the Baldwin. Following the Sardou
play, on October 5, the Lyceum Theater
success, "The Prisoner of Zenda," will
come to the Market-street house.
The Grand Opera-bouse has not lost any
of its usual patronage this week on ac
count of the melodramatic attractions of
Steve Brodie's "On the Bowery." One
reason doubtless is that there are especially
fine realistic effects at the Grand in the
shape of the horserace.
"All the Comforts of Home" goes with
plenty of vim at the Alcazar this week.
The farce-comedy is not a new one, bat it
abounds with iun whicn has not grown
old, and as performed by the Belasco com
pany it affords lots of merriment to the
audience.
There was a large and critical audience
to see <: I1 Trovatore" at the Tivoli last
night. The applause showed that the per
formance did not fall short of expecta
tions. Maurice de Vries as the wicked
Count di Luna was the star of the opera,
though Mile. Ida Vaierga as Leonora also
came in for a large share of approbation.
Martin Pache made a fairly satisfactory
Manrico and the rest of the cast, was good.
The Orpheum's programme is practically
new this week, and most of the acts are
taking well. The "Pearless Mareuerite"
has become a prime favorite, and Bellman
and Moore have also made -a hit. It goes
without saying that Ferguson and Mack's
Irish kncck-about comedy act is received
with manifestations of joy by the gallery.
The performances given every evening
and on Wednesday, Saturday and Sun
day afternoons, in tde Casino at the Chutes
are clever and well attended. The princi
pal features are the Japanese acrobats, the
Masons, Korto the one-armed equilibust
and the mile bicycle race on the stage be
tween two young ladies. Antonio Pirri
rides down the chutes and into the lake
every night at 10 o'clock on his bicycle.
Nearly all the theaters gave matinee per
formances yesterday in honor of Admis
sion day.
Fetched Him.
Boggs— Boys, I want to get a policeman
quick. There's never one around when
you want him, and there are thieves in my
barn.
Future diplomat— Here, kids, get to
playing ball.
And before the hall had been passed a
half dozen times a big policeman came
around the corner on the dead run.—De
troit Free Press.
• — •- — •
There are said to be 580 generals on the
active list of the Spanish army, with other
ofiicers in proportion.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, • 1896.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Oau<—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
■lgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:86 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
71S Larkln street, open untii.9:Ho o'clock.
BW, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, spea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
9535* PACIFIC LODGK '".NO,^I36, R |T*~
w-*^ ana a. M.. 121-Kddy St.— Members J^_
are notllied to attend the funeral of Brother IX zf
a S. BAM. BERGER, TO-DAY, at 10:30 A. /V\
X. Master Masons are Invited.
. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec.
9T^ CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1. F. m
*-^ and A. M., will melt THIS (THURS-_A.
DAY) EVENING. Sept. 10. at 7 :30 o'clock, If X
First degree. By order of the master. /\f>
V- . FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
|Ksp YERBA BUKNA LODGE *&&&,,
&-& No. 15. I. O. O. F.-Officers andsgg&Bs^-
members are requested to attend the -is<flßk~fe r
meeting THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- n^~
ING, September 10, at 8 o'clock. Initiation. Mem-
bers of sister lodges are cordially Invited.
VICTOR HOFFMAN, N. G.
A. D. Cheshire, Secretary.
Jt^s= "CLANNA >AN GAIDHEAL v C 7 ;».
»—^ an' Guaillbh a' Chelle" — Regular 3L £* j/1
monthly meeting of S. P. Scottish This- S&IXX*
tie Club THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- *€_?*
ING at Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Farrell St.. at 8
o'clock sharp. J. D. COULIE, Royal Chief.
I Gsorgk W. Paterbon-, Recorder.
! K5S=» NORMAN LODGE NO. 18*1, K. OF H.—
mr^& The officers and members re hereby noti-
fied to attend a special meeting of this lodge for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother. SIGMUND S. BAMBERGER, THIS
DAY (THURSDAY), Sept. 10, at 9:30 o'clock
sharp. By order
GEORGE W. HaRLOW, Dictator.
J. Pans, Reporter.
Wp&* K. O. T. M.— MO DIN TENT NO. 56
I*— 7 holds regular reviews every THURSDAY
EVENING *t Franklin Hall, Fillmore St.. bet. Sut-
ter and Bush. Visiting Sir Knights cordially in-
vited. HARRY A. KNOX, Commander.
r. V. Huff, H. K.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
gijS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR #4;
"•"■^ collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room 6. Tel. 5550.
90S* BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
Cr-~ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market at.
Jt^g* DEL ALBERT ABRAMS HAS RE-
••** 7 moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
|K3S= GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
I*— 7 cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIPT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
■bgr» DR. ALFRED EICHLEB HAS RE-
fr^ Sf turned from abroad and resumed practice at
617 Jones st.
Ri?s» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
»~-* Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
BZ~S* DR. G. E. SOSSDORFF HAS REMOVED
»-» his offices to 22 a Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
SITUATIONS wanted— female.
TADIEB REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
-Li and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to C. R.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st. -
MR*. M. JOHNSTON, 996 MARKET; ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 91J4
A* IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WIDOW
i'J wishes situation as chambermaid, working
housekeeper or companion; is experienced; good
references. Address, or call between 12 and 2, 106
Taylor st., room 1.
{> KRMAN GIRL FROM SWITZERLAND !
VJ wishes situation as general houseworker or for
second work; good sewer. Address or call 1008
Hyde st., near California.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION;
city or country good cook, : baker and laun-
dress, or housework; nationality Scotch; referen-
ces. Call 568 Minna st.
youxn gikl WOULD LIKE SITUATION to
X assist with light housework or mind children.
Call 132 Juniper st., between Tenth and Eleventh,
Harrison and 1 ryant. (
"DEFINED MIDDLE- AC^ED WOMAN FROM
JLv the iiast wishes situation- as housekeeper in
widower's family. Call or address Mrs. S., 122
Turk st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES A POSI-
\J tlou to do general housework; is good cook;
City or country: moderate wages; kind to children
27% fourth st.
EFINED YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES TO
b* lady's companion and do dressmaking; first-
class fit; $2 per week. Address by letter, L.
CLARK, 7 Jessie st. '
RE LI A GIKL WISHES SITUATION FOR
J-V ups; or second work; good references. Call
i or address 120 Eighth st., near Minna.
-yuUNG girl WOULD LIKK SITUATION TO
Xdo Housework in small family. Apply 040
Bryant st,, b-t. Seventh and highth.
\\ ANTED-TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK BY
" experienced woman: wages 98 a month. Ad-
dress 14 Day st., nenr Twenty-ninth.
DELI ABLE EXPERIENCED GERMAN LADY
XV wishes any kind of work by the day: $1 a day
and carfare. 902 North Point si.
OUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUA-
J. tion to do general housework; wages $-0. Call,
or address, 1925 Union st.
pOMPETKNT GIRL WANTS TO DO UuUSf,-
V-' work in small family; references given. Call
620 O'Farrell st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
\X do housekeeping and pl> in cooking. SIS 1 '-.
Geary su, s-uratoga court, flat 4.
TRUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS ANY
kind of work by the day: postals answered im-
medlately. B. M., 1065 a Howard st.
AD.V WANTS POSITION AS HOUBE-
keeper for widow. 223 Post St., room 1.
GOOD, COMPETENT GIRL, WISHES A SlTU-
alion for general housework and cooking; no
postals answered. Address 2748 Bush st.
VV OMAN, TO GO OUT BY THE DAY ; WASH-
" Ing, housecleaning or ironing. Apply in base-
ment, 829 Kayes at-, near Fillmore.
PANISH LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
housekeeper for a gentleman; no objection to
short distance In country. Please call 217 Second.
f^IRsT-CLASS CHAMBERMAID AND LAUN-
diess wants place: best city references. Ad-
dress X. , box 76, this office.
WEDISH GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION
10 do general housework: first-class cook.
Call 10 Stockton si.
XPERIENCED INFANTS' NURSE DE-
sires a position; good references. Call or ad-
dress 70 I Kody st. -■■-,-/ ;
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL DESIRES A BITD-
O ationtodo housework or upstairs work. Please
call at 2900 x we nty-first St., corner Harrison.
V* OUNG AMERICAN WOMAN— WORK BY
X the day; is a good laundress and do any kind
of housework. Address D. G.. box 75, (.all Office.
W ANTED— BY A STEADY AND RELIABLE
; • » man (American), position In store, wholesale
house or any kind of day work. J., box 160. Call.
WOMAN DtSIRESTO GET WASHING AND
"' ironing by the day. 874 Howard st.
MERICAN WOMAN, STRANGER IN CITY,
warns a home; will do light work: wishes the
acquaintance of .some one who would give her the
necessaries of life. 683 Sacramento st., room 27.
\Y A TED— B\ ELDERLY WOMAN, POSI-
" tion as housekeeper, or would do light house-
work in private family; steady: -liable; no In-
cumbrances. 812 Bryant 81, off Sixth.
! \* OUNG OKKMAN Olltl. WISHES SITCA-
X tlou in private family to do second work and
take care of children. Inquire at 207 Montgomery
avenue, New Atlantic Ho;el. ■-
LDERLY GERMAN LADY WANTS POSl-
tion as housekeeper: is first-cUsscook; refer-
ence. Address F. P.. box 6. Call Office.
E~ ASTERN WOMAN OF 36, FIRST-CLASS
housekeeper, wishes work; no objeciion to
widower's family or the country. Address MRS
M.. box 76, Call Office. *
WEDISU WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF
work by the day; washing, Ironing or house-
cleamng. Address A. H., box 63, Call Office.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY-
»» washing. or hou3ecleanlng. Address or call
322 Third St.. rm. 22. . / .
A ME RICA N WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
XX working housekeeper and cook for working-
men. 114 fourth si., room IS. ..
REFINED AMERICAN WIDOW- WOULD
like position rb housekeeper in lodging-house
or widower's family. Address W.. box 76, Call.
X EFINED - EASTERN IADY DESIRES
housekeeper's position in small family. 148
(sixth st., room 16. L
1 ERMAN LADY WANTS TO DO HOUSE-
r cleaning: $1 per day. MRS. HILS, 148 Sixth
St., room 91. . ,
RESSMAKEB WILL GO OUT BY THE
day or take sewing home. 603 Eddy st.
YOUNG ENGLISH LADY OF REFINEMENT
I X wishes position as traveling companion, or gov-
erness; a good seamstress: no objection to country.
Call or address 1046 Mission st.
REFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS '
situation: loves children: talks English and
gome French; references. L. G., box 119, Call.
"yOUNG EASTERN LADY, GOOD SEAM-
' x stress, withes plain sewing to do. Call from 1
to 8 p. m.. 25 Mnth st., room 22, second floor.
ASSISTANT BOOKKEEPER— YOUNG LADY
desirrs situation; first-class stenographer;
owns typewriter: city or country will travel as
saleslady; $26 per month: • fine references. Aa-
dress V. T., box 15, Call Office. , .
"yOUNG, REFINED; COMPETENT CREOLE
x- widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market au, room 19, second floor.
/GERMAN GIRL OF 17 WANTS SITUATION
-VT to do light housework or take care of child.
Please call at 405 Lyon st,. near Hayes.
T>BLIABL£ TRAINED NURSE (GERMAN)
n v wishes to take charge of Infant or invalid.
Call or address 232 Shotwell'at. ;
V ( U ' -"*<* LADY WISHES POSITION AS
, X bookkeeper, stenographer, cashier, entry-clerk
or saleslady: no object ion to the country. Address
SITUATIONS TED- Continued.
GENTS' " SUSPENDERS and . MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market
ADY OF REFINEMENT, POSSESSING ALL
the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge *of medicine, desires a
position in that capacity with an invalid; no re-
numeration but comfortable home; city or coun-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
T^XPERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
■XJ sires employment in dally or I weekly newspa-
per office; city or country; can assist in job de- •
uartment; also proo-.-reading; wages - payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82. Call Office.'
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER 'WISHES TO
»T take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house:
city or country: reference. Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Office. - - ' .
\\.' INCHES IER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
11 Market: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
2~g_bn» and baggage to and from the ifrrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE. >
HANSKN * CO., IIb^GEARY^T^TFUR^
• nish cooks, waiters, kitchen hands and all
kinds of hotel and restaurant help; wire, mall or
telephone us your orders: 'paoneiGrant 185.
Hunter""* co.. CHINESE and japa-
nese employment cilice. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.*; tel. main 231. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sutter st: tel. Grant 30.
C CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
/help; teL Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
VJ ofiico: best help. 41 -I 1 5 O'Farrell: tel. F. 428,
OUNG MAN. EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
keeping, shorthand and tppewritlng, desires a
situation: no objection to country. Address G. L.,
box 23, Call. ..
CtXfjTO GET STEADY POSITION; MAN, 34
•iPW years old: steady, reliable; references:
speaks English and French. Address T. G., box
75, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT, RE-
K_> liable man as traveling companion or waiting
on camping parties; is steady and trustworthy;
speaks English and Spanish. Call or address R.O-
MAN LUCEO. 1416 Powell St.
■yOUNG MAN SEEKS POSITION IN PRI-
X vale family to care for horses, garden, etc; ref-
erences; wages moderate. Address P. P., box 105,
Call Office.
S~ ituation wanted by young man in
0 private family; knows the care of horses, gar-
den, cows, etc. Address CHARLES G. HANSEN,
box 87, this office. ...
ACTIVE AND TEMPERATE MAN, 50
years of age, wants to cook in private family
or work about, help in kitchen, etc. Address W.
C box 7 t Call Office. -
pERMAN BOY OF 17 WIsHKS ANY KIND
VJ of work ; good driver. Apply 314 Eighth at.
0 ARD OF LONG KXPERIENCE
vx wants situation In green house, rosehouse,
flower garden; fruit, vegetable, budding, grafting,
propagating; best of references. Address G. H.,
box 102, Call Office. "
TVTARRIED MAN WOULD LIKE to CARE
-in. for gentleman's place: am a practical gardener
and good horseman; wife Al cook and house-
keeper; local references; • bond or cash security.
Address for two days, Caretaker, box 8, Call.
LICENSED MARINE ENGINEER WANTS
employment either on boat or ship or as a sta-
tionary engine-driver; good references as to abil-
ity, sobriety and honesty. Address A. 8., box 3.,
Call Office. '
W A TED-BY A MAN ABOUT A PLACE;
ti can do all kinds of work: willing and obliging;
city or country Address S. R., box 97, Call office.
XPERIENt'ED FIREMAN WANTS Posi-
KM tion. Address B. N. P.. box 18. Call Office.
YOUNG SWEDE WANTS WORK OF ANY
kind; sober, and has good references. Call or
address 523 Pine «t
BY BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
noons and evenings; reasonable. Address
A. 8., box 20. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED CLERK WITH BEST REF-
erences wishes situation in some line; nominal
salary expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st
\\r ANTED - BY THOROUGH ENGLISH
TT coachman: smart, dean-shaved and thorough-
ly used to carriage work; first-class references. J.
F.i box 108. Call?
YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION IN A
1 family to give French lessons. E. B. WERR,
Western Hotel. San FrancUoo.
"y OUNG MAN WANTS SITUATION AS GAR-
X dener or as coachman; eood reference. Apply
GEORGE WOLLAB, 186 Julian aye.
BAUBER WANTS TO RUN A SHOP IN
country. Barber, box 81, Call Office.
(AT H ATTENDANT WANTS SITUATION-
-1 ' experienced. B. A. , box 19, Call Office.
POSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
X by steady, sober young German; thoroughly
understands care of fine horses and flower garden-
Is willing and obliging; first-class references. Ad-
dress S. P., box 65, Call office.
/1 ERMAN (MARRIED; WOULD LIKE TO
' * work in a wine cellar as bottle-washer, barrel-
cleaning. 231 Pacific st, corner Battery.
YOUNG. STEADY MAN: 9 YEARS IN THIS
X country; .is handy with homes, cows, etc., gen-
eral all-round work: can give good references.
Address Y. S., box 79, Call.
Situation wanted FOR A FIRST-CLASS
O carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to WOK. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
SCOTCHMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
0 to run steam hollers: can also run engine. Ad-
drers Kngineer, box 97, CalL
VV' INCIIESTKR HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
tt Market— Electric lights In every room- 200
rooms; 2Sc to $1 60 per night:. sl 60 to $6 per
week: Jreo bos mid bajrjjazr 10 and from the ferry.
OMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL-
VJ engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Marke;st. 8. F., CaL
MANCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; SI 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggago to and from the ferry.
FEBI ALE HELP WANTED.
■RANCH COOKS, $20 AND" $25; NEAT SEC-
X\> ond girl, small family, country, $15, fare paid:
waltre-ses, etc. MURRAY * READY, Leading
Employment Agents. 634-630 Clay st
p 1. 1 : MAX OR SWEDISH SJICOND GIRL, $25:
» 1 nurse. $20; 2 neat second girls, $20 each; cook.
Willows, $25: Oakdale. $25; Solano County, $20.
and other towns: 15 housework girls, City, $20 and
$85; 8 young girls to assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CIILLKN, 323 Sutter st
THIRST-CLASS BWKDISH LAUNDRESS AND
X chambermaid desires situation: 3 years last
place. Miss CULLEN, 323 Gutter st
V"tAT SWEDISH GIRL FOR SECOND WORK
-1 and washing, $85. MISS CULLEN, 3-3 Sut-
ter st.
poOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $35; CHAMBER-
.VJ maid and wait one meal, $15. MISSCULLEN,
323 Sutter.
OOK ' SMALL HOTEL, COUNTRY, . $25.
\J MISS CULLEN, 323 Suiter St.
pOuK, OAKLAND, $25: GOOD PLACE. MISS
VJ CULLEX. 323 Sutter st.
TVTEAT RhFIXKDGIKL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
■!-•< work, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
GE RM a ■ GOVERNESS," $25.- MISS CUL-
VX LEN, 323 Sutler st.
T\r ANTED — COMPETENT SECOND GIRL
■11 and laundress, $25; experienced chambermaid
for first-class hotel; Swedish second girl, $25;
Klrls for housework. $25, $20, $15, $12. C. R.
H A.n SEN CO., 110 Geary st.
\y ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN OR GKKMAN
■••i girl for general housework, with references,
jor Amerce,, family: 2 persons: office fee paid-
*_ _ _ 9- "- HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st
YY'aitukss, country hotel, $20 and
"room, call early; chambermaid, $1 per day;
waitress, $5 a week; middle-aged woman far light
work, $15, room, etc: waitress, $15 and room;
chambermaid and wale some, $18 and room;
woman to wash napkins, towels, etc.: woman
coot, $8 a week and room: girl for Berkeley, CaL,
5-0: girl lor. Union street, $18; girl -for Scott
s.reet, $20: girl for Fifteenth street, 820; 18
house girls, $16. etc. 13 young girls, $8, $10 and
$1J per month, nice families, assist, etc. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st.
W anted— A large number OF COOKS,
"second girls, laundresses and girls for house-
work to fill situations too numerous to advertise.
J. F. CRO>KTT & CO.. 312 Sutter st.
VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN, NAPA CITY, 4IN
iTT fa . mily . 520: nursegirl, city, $20; young girl,
light housework, $20. MRS. G. NORTON, 310
butter st.
VV ANTED— A NEAT AND STEADY GIRL
C.? 1 genera t " housework, cooking and small
•ru S J?,^Fii i^ ases $2 °* 1009 Dolores st -> near
niRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
v^cooKlng: sleep home; $18; reference required.
G. t.. box ion, Call Office.
VV ANTED - COMPETENT GERMAN GIRL
rg ?^ r , a - housework and cooking in small
famliy. 1131 Lagnna st, cor. Eddy.
ft EAT GERMAN~~"GIRL FOR GENERAL
Scot sU SeWOrk: Bmial ttimUjl BtOXl A - *• 317
■yoUNO GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK
Jr. nd to mind children; - wages ■ $8. Call 438
Fifth st.
PROTESTANT ; GIRL TO DO LIGHT nOUSE-
J work and help take care .of child 16 months
Old; wages $10. ; 1707 Oak st , ,-..■-- , r
\y ANTfcD-GIRL FOR . HOUSEWORK AND
cooking; wages : $16: references. 1914b
Bush st,* . . . ■
pEKMAN GIRL . FOR GENERAL - HOUSE-
v work. Southwest corner of Webster and Ellis.
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK « AND
cooking; references. 936 Height St..
TAILORESS; FINISHER ON FINE PANTS.
X 736 Minna st t :•-:-.>: : : ■ ; . '
WANTED _ IMMEDIATELY. GIRL ■■. TO
»T earn dressmaking. Ca 1a: 839 Ellis st. -
"VTE AT GIKL FOX LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
x wages 812. '■. 1808 gllis at. v ..- ' "
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; NO COOKING:
' $1& Call early 721 Ellis st, -.
GIRL - FOR DOWNSTAIRS WORK ' AND
cooking, 3ln family, $25. 721 Ellis St.'- :
pOOl) HOME FOR GIRL; CAN ATTEND
VJ school. 41 Sanchez st .
W ANTED— COOK AND LAUNDRESS FOR
■■ " general housework ; ■ • references required;
wages $20. Apply 1901 Baker st
HELP WANTED— Con tinned.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL 15 TO 16 YEARS
old for light housework. Call at 10. 463 Jessie.
YV ANTED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
TT custom coats. 62 6 Minna st. ... .-. ' ■ -
W ANTED YOUNG GIRLS FOR LIGHT
»T work at the San Francisco Laundry, 1619
F-ddy st. Apply this morning between 8 and 10
o'clock. . ;■ - I -
STEADY PROTESTANT GIRL OR WOMAN
to do general housework in American family
of 2; will nave a good home; reference required.
MRS. R. R. SWAIN, 2000 Channlng way, Berke-
"C<lßSi-CLABS~LADY CARVER— ONE~USED
x to delicacy business; must be neat and quick
worker: knowledge of German language required.
Address P., box 12, Call Office.
TjURST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS WANTED;
X also first-class buttonhole-makers. BOWHA
504 Sutter st .
AIR-DRESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
■U- given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell st., 105 9th.
T A.DIES TO LEARN HAIRDBESSING. MAN-
*-* louring, beauty culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post St.
WANTED-»NLY- A FIRST-CLASS OPE-
'» rate* on corsets; high wages; Singer sewlne-
machine used: run by electric nower. 1388 Market
PERATORS ON FLANNEL OVEKSHIRTS
land underwear. LEVI STRAUSS <t CO., 32%
Fremont st. ...
"TjRnSS MAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
J--' for families: waist and skirt hands for shops;
positions^free. McDo WELL'S school, 636 Market.
"LJ AIRDKES.-SINO. 250 AND »6c: MOKNINU
-i-t^ and eve classes; 101egsons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
J ''LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTIRG SCHOOL: TUES-
days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
AfOaT CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
ox Wlnch ester House, 44 Thirds',, near Market;
«.00 rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $8
Pgrwe»l-: free 'bni and baggatgw to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
I MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK
XOU grapes, dry and box raisins, work In wine
cellars, packing-houses, etc., $20, $23 per month
and found. MURRAY & READY, Leading En?
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
0 CARPENTERS. CALL EARLY: 20 TIE-
•-» makers, 8c each; 6 men to dig ditches. $15- 10
ranch teamsters, $20 and found: 6 laborers- 5
teamsters, city. MURRAY & READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"1 A DRILLERS; 10 HAMMERMEN. MUR-
1 V RAY <fc READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
6 COOKS, $30, $35 AND $40; 6 WAITERS, SIS,
J-> $20, $2& and $80: 3 dishwashers, $15. MUR-
RAY & READY. Leading Employment Agents.
634 and 636 Clay st. • -,
NGINEER AND MACHINIST; CITY JOB;
I steady work. $66; call early. GR. HANSEN
CO.. 110 Geary st. '
3 FIRST-CLASS WAITERS WITH DRESS
O suits, country hotel, $80: second cook, coun-
try hotel, $30; bedmaker, country hotel $25. C.
R. HANSEN* A CO., 110 Geary st.
ELLBOY WITH FIRST-CLASS REFER-
i-i ences; $25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st. ■ ■ ■ ■
I^IRST-CLABB CAKEBAKER: $65 AND
J found. C. R. HANSKN A CO., 110 Geary st.
WANTED— 60 MEN, WOMEN AND CHi_-
111 dren to pick hops, larce company, Alameda
County, tents on the ground, fare $1. fee 50c, long
Job; 2 miners, $62 Der month; 2 farmers, $26 and
found; waiter who speaks Spanish for hotel In city,
$25 and found: also milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWE H<t CO.. 626 Clay st.
ANTED —OX TEAMSTER, $60 AND
if found; shirt ironer, *30 and found: 2 young
men for fruit ranch, $15 and found: woodebopper.
$1 75 per cord: laborers and teamsters, $1 per day
and board: cooks: broiler, $50; waiters and others.
Apply to J. Jr. CROSETT «fc CO.. 628 Sacramento.
T^IGHT COOK. $8 A WEEK: PASTRY COOK
•»■" and help on the range some; young man as
waiter, $5 a week, etc.: young man as waller, $15
and room: young mtn for pantry work and dish-
washer, $6 a week; dishwasher, *5 a week; two
elderly men for light work, $10, room, board, etc.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st ■
C SHOREMAN AND WIFE FOR ORCHARD,
I steady place. $35; waiter, country hotel. $20:
ranch cook; choreman, country. R. T. WARD &
CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
A RTISTS AND ART WORKERS OF EITHF.R
XV sex, in all branches of art, whether profes-
sional or amateur, and Irrespective of distance or
locality, are invited to engage space for examp'es
of their work and to compete for premiums in the
great International Art Exhibition to oe held
throughout the month of December, 1896, in the
finest exhibition halls in America.- Theexhibition
will bo open more especially to the following lines
of genre, namely: Oils and water colors In land-
scape, marine, figure, catuc, animal, portrait and
nude studies; tapestries, pastels, crayons, pen and
ink studies; china palming and decoration; sculp-
ture, clay modeling, brass emboasln?, bas-reliefs,
cameo-cutting, pottery and ceramic art: wood-
carving, waxwork, paper-work, etching, engraving,
architectural designing, newspaper and magazine
Illustrating; tihotograpny. lithography, studies in
fresco, posters, labels, fashion designs, stained
glass, mural decorations, designs for rug*, carpets,
celling and wall paper, and many others too nu-
merous to particularize, r- pace will also be allotted
to Industrial working models if not too bulky or in
excess of 5 cwt. Exhibitors desiring to dispose of
examples of their work, will find this a very ex-
ceptional opportunity to do so as {veil ai to com-
pete for premiums. Free- illustrated pamphlet
mailed on application personally or by letter to
THE INTERN AL AKT EXHIBITION,
Grand Central Palace, New V ork City.
\\: ANTED— AT ONCE— PARTNER; SMART
m and intelligent: must be well recommended
for honesty and sobriety; one having some knowl-
edge of the advertising business preferred; very
little capital required. . Address F. M. J., box 79,
Call Office.
VOOXO MA5j AS PARTNER IN A BUSI-
X ness enterprise: no capital required; must be a
rattier and not afraid of woric: Oakland man pre-
erred. Address E. VV., 1834 Powell st., city.
AN OF GOOD CHARACTER AS PARTNER:
small amount if agreement be concluded on
investigation. Meet party at 151 Taylor st,. to-day
early. •
VV ANTED— BOYS TO GIVE OUT CIRCU-
• I lars and run out cash. SUMMERFIELD'S,
924 Market st
AINTER; STAGE HAND; THIS MORNING,
X 7:30; wages, $2 60. Northwest corner of Fill-
more and Pine sts.
WANTED— 50 BOYS BETWEEN 17 AND 18
II years of age to give out circulars. H.ROMAN
<£ CO., Market and Fifth sis. .
QPECIALI3T~PHYSIciAN WANTS SOLICI-
-0 tors on commission; newldea; Immense wages
always made. Apply reom 17. 850 Market it
USINESB OPPORTUNITY FOR GOOD SIGN
painter. Address-Signs, box 74, Call Office.
BO 1 WHO CAN RUN GORDON PRESS?
Apply 4 California St., room 14.
ANTED — GOOD DISHWASHER. 432V 2
Fifth st. .•■.•»'
W ANTED— GOOD SOBER BEDMAKER, $15
.it and room. 521 Pacific st
ANTED-GOOD WAITER, $26 A MONTH
and room. 3 Jackson st.
JOB .PRINTER TO SOLICIT FOR WORK;
liberal commission. 344 McAllister st
iJARBERS— SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
X) rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market st.
UTCHEK BOY. WHO IS LIVING NEAR
Sixth, Eighth or Tenth. Apply 1107 Folsom.
YV ANTED— A GOOD WAITER. 427 LaRKIN
»i street.
XPERIENCEDBOY: PRESS. CALL AT 7:30
a. m., Stuparich M'l'k Co., 523 Market st.
"ANTED— YOUNG BUTCHER; MUST GIVE
references. 326 Devlsadero st., near Oak.
BUY TO WORK IN STATIONERY STORE.
Call after 9 o'clock. 713 Larkin st.
LOY TO WASH DISHES AND HELP IN
-B kitchen. = 611 Valencia at. -'. ■ ■ : ■ .
XPKRIENCED RESTAURANT WAITER
xj wanted at 207 Second st.
OY OR GIRL. 14 YEARS OLD, TO HELP
about bouse. 1 602 Post st ; '
THIRST-CLASS COOK WANTED. 16 STOCK-
-1 ton st. ; - - . \
YY ANTED— A MAN WHO CAN TEACH HOW
1 1 to maUe a flue cigar. 328 Bush at.', room 4.
Sailors wanted AT lank's, 504 DAVIS
street. . . ....-..■■ -. .
ARBER-SHOP TO LET COMPLETE. AP~-
I ' Ply 005 Clay st.
OTEAKS, CHOI'S. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 6
p cents. 635 Clay St.. Big Yellow Front
WAN i KD-AX IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
IT some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN. & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
Y\TANTED-PLAIN, STEADY, MAN TO AS-
IT sist in handling cash, etc , in genteel business;
must have $150 cash and be satisfied with $76 per
month. 873% Market st, room 1. , •■ .
V\ r ANTED— A PARTY WITH $150 CASH TO
'» join advertiser in a business proposition that
will clear $4000; advertiser will pntln $150 also;
$300 necessary. Business, box 70, Call.
KAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA AND OTHER
O ports. 10 Steuart St., upstairs. , . .
HOEMAKER ON . REPAIRING. . 5 HUNT
street. .'■ .-• . - • .-• - ■, ■■-.. • ■
ANTED— FOB THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 80 years-
not r less than 5 feet 6 Inches in height; of good
character and " temperate habits; . able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted : - this Important ' branch ,of the naval .
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board oar
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Kills st, San Francisco. CaL
ANTED— SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
; st. . California House.
'\AT E WANT TO ENGAGE~ENERGETIC~MEN^
IT and women to represent the | "Ladles' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid.. S. F.
YY ANTED- MEN TO Li-.AKN BAKBEK
11 trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent a F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET
i-i 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 1 5c to
60c;week $1 10 $2 60 ;reading- room -.strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
TOUBNEY_EN BARBERS' EMPLOYiMENT
0 eecretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
T>ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
11 AKBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
J> P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant aye.
BARBER SHOP.— 2 CHAIRS; 15c: GOOD
business: rent $10: opp.carhonse. 1310 Caatro-
AiNTED— SO MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
$1 weeic, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40a.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Finck's.S.F-
DOOMS 150 TO 76c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 30
Xt per week. Oriental, 225 Drnmm si.
/CLOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
\J shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. . '
ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
boots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
T ARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
XJ on hand; shoes to order, *3 50; nand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726% Howard St., bet. Third and Fourth
\\[ INCHKBTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
TT Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and ba^age to and irom the ferry.
rp RY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
i. low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
I indf:ll house, SIXTH AND HOWARD
- i-i Bts. : single furnished rms Tfic week, 15c night.
S-— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• Ciay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
"1 /\r\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 150
X\i\J and 20c a night, including cotton and rolls,
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
EST IN CITY— SINGt.E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
X> 25 cents per night. $1, $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorg sts.
ANTED— .LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 1M
large rooms: 250 per nigh: $1 to $3 per ween.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
r>«ek; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. . ■
JKNTO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It. .
»r ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
" ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
TirE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them like new; done
while yon wait; ladles' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 60c. : machine-sewed 76c. ; band-
sewed 65c. ; fine shoes made to order from $3 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
*2 60. 662 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED.
GENTS; _io_.ON_ i V ; LATKST pkoposi-
■£*- tlon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter st.
EXCLUSIVE TERRITORY TO AGENTS FOR
Seeds water-filter. 1625 Howard st.
A GENTS — "PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
■CX. of General Nelson A. Miles," commander- in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory,
r. PERSON. Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKER & RAY CO., 723 Market st.
. W ANTED— LADY Ott GENTLEMAN TO
ft travel and appoint local agents; references;
866 and expenses. Box 770. San Jose.
FURNITURE WANTED. "
OFFICE FURNITCRK— WILL PAY HIGHEST
price i for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for" new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission at.
rpo SELL FURNITCRKTO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTI-J1N.96& Howard st. ;send postal
UCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO PAYS
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. : send
postal. 866 Mission st.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PKICK3 FOR FURNt-
X tnre and merchandise see BUR A 211 Larkln.
JC. MUTHER. 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
U . est cash prices for furniture and merchandise-
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays rash
ROOMS WANTED.
YY ANTED-^^BTT^E^mA^LE^U^Fuiu
tt nlshed rooms inside of Market, Larkln and
Sutter sts., for gentleman, where rooms can be
taken care of; no housekeeping. Address H., box
44. this office, stating location; price must be in ac-
cordance with the times.
PROPERTY WANTED.
PROPERTY WANTErj^rSfjo~ACRES OR
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock price; state full partic-
nlars. T. C. box 97. Call Office.
stores wanted.
PART OF STfJR^~WA^TJ^~BY~ > rSRESS^
X milker. 13 ■) aecocd st. •
wanted-biiscellaneous, ~
W^~^JTe^^t^^ulTwTn"e^"at~a3(aiig ainT
'T 533 Sacramento st.
ECON-D-HAND MORTAR FOR 6-BTAMP
O mill. FRANK DREW, 114 First st.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUNP, 1133Jfc Mission.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.; send postal.
LODGING-HOrSES FOR SALE.
10-ROOM LODGING HOUSE IN-
LOS ANGELES ;
"1 O EXCHAN E .
FOR ROOMING HOUSK IN THIS CITY I
WHAT- HAVE YOU TO OFFER—— I
Apply to H. C DECKER. 1020 Market at.
90 ROOMS; CORNER HOUSE: NEW...S 450
—•—9O rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150. .3700
18-room house on Sixth st... 400
. Hotel aud rooming-houses; all sizes and prices
Apply to H. C. DICKER <fc CO., 1020 Market
St., opposite FUth. .
'Ji»-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY"
*J\J kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
*-ROOM HOUSE; 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES";
> only $460; must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market.
99 NEW FURNITURE/FOR LOTS $2500
— & 16 rooms; clearing $30..... 250
28 rooms; making money/. 475
130 rooms; clearing $500/ 7000
10 rooms: clearing $50./. . 300
___!._ UN PER WOOD & CO., 765 Market st.
FINELY FURNISHED HOUSES: 12 TO 130
rooms*. $300 to $10,000. PHELPS <& CO.. 917
Larkin st.
ftJ-'^O LODGING-HOUSE OF 38 ROOMS;
<p^3:«> v. rent $50: one block from Market St.- a
bargain. Business Excnange, 873y 2 Market st.
ODGING-HOUSE 11 ROOMS FOB> SALE
cheap: no postals. 233 Third st. ;
ODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; BEST PART
city forworklngmgn; $25: pr cc $250. 544 6th.
<3il FLA 7- ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
\sa.k)\j. St., corner of Fifth.
8 -ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: WELL FUB-
U nished; must sell. Apply Call Office.
pOOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF 14
x * rooms: clears $50. Address B, box 113. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
I*^2vK -^AincT^~^^^~^^ > ~ s ~^' - ■ "■■
J Prices stand UU goods are completely dis-
posed of. •
Oak bed sets ..,,, .„..,. »is*n
lounges ..1.!,. ..!!!. ..... BU3
Btoves " 753
Carpets, per yard. " 55
Linoleum, per yard ; 65
Matting, per yard . la
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting bus; no j 1
at SB. corner ■ Seventh and Mission su. /.
NOON AN.
AC\C\ CARPKTS: CHAMBER SETS, $14:
J" " stoves, $5: parlor sets, 820: folding-beds,
$10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY," 764 Mission.
T L. J. NEUMANN^ 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household gnods. new or goo<i
t.« neiv; ra«n or time. or»"n ev<»ni«!2^.
~~' CARPET CLEANING.
QC^TYARrTAT" GBEAT\V ES irEKFcABm'
0 Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st. - . - . .
ONES & CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Klghth st.; tel. Jessie 1061.
pAKPKT CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING. 8a: RUt»
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 8 th at.
HKN YOU BECOME DIsGUSTEJJ WITH
"» poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 355-57 Tebamasu: teL 50. 40.
/ ONKLIN 'S CARI'KT k J'.AI i .\v4 WOKKo. oJj
V^ <ioliipn Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
/"11TY STEAM CARPET CLE A NING.RFNOV V
\J ting. 38 Btn. hTKVKNS. mgr. 'i el. South 230.'
pARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- tii.
South 36. . D. MACKINTOSH «fc CO.. successors.
I K.MITCHELLCARPET CO ••„"
'I ■ Km Bt.:rt»aning :-:c a yard. ■- Tel: MtMton 71.
™~
ATXORNEYS-AT-LAW.
A ©VICE *'- REE — DIVORCE LAWS A SPEOt.
lit £%?'• private; no charge unless successful- ail
T/-INOORE 4 MALCOIJkf, ATTORNEYS AT
■^ law, room 431 Parrott bulidln • (EnWrfumT.
T Eo AL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
u. Ji^FUREbb, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
T T . bldg. Practices tn all courts ;charges moderate
R 1 d"l U> »^ l rO . - AT - LAW CHBON*
it. iclb Dldg-. advu-e free: moderate: open evngi.
. PHYSICIANS. /.
FHS" Sr O'DONNKLu 1206 MARKKT rr>it"
XJ Golden Gate aye. diseases of woment .nVruTr^
1 )°k I J' T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
, _T^PE WRITERS.
aThsraph, f^r^MrsuTOKriSSTßciyfr
& BANN AN, »33 Montgomery su tsi - OTT
.^^^^^^BUSINES^CHANCESj
<_ i? RESTAURANT TAKINxTIN^oTrO
tjp i Uls* $26 per day: rent $40 t>er month: tha
best restaurant business ever offerod in San Fran-
cisco for Die money; reason selling, sickness. T. )
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■ '
• W GROCERY, GOOD LOCALITY
if for customers; will pay $700 to $1000; halt
cash, security for balance ,or take partner. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ;
Q»n(\r\ ONE OF THE FINEST REBTAU-
•SpIUU. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day established 26 years: has
always made money: stand full investigation;
reason for soiling, owner moving into own prop-
erly: and any one warning a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that is claimed for it •
this is a rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue. ; •
r- rf\ CANDY FACTORY AND ICECREAM!
«£> 4«JU. parlor, elegant/, locality; established
long; rent cheap: if you see this place it will inter-
est you, :as it is paying welL T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye. __^^
<_ Oftnfl \ elegant, well-established
«p._Uv/V/. paying business; a rare chance for
1 or 2 energetic business men;, Investigation will
show it to ;be the 1 finest ( business . ever offered for
the money.- T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
(\f\f\ PARTNER IN ELEGAVT PAY-
<lpi- UUU. ing office business; a rare chance for
the right man; the fullest investigation and trial
if required: object for taking partner Is too much
other business. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
flfl f\n(\ GOOD MAN TO TAKE HALF
iIDXV/UV/. interest In established brewery; well
equipped and in good paying condition ; on account,
of growing business present owner cannot run It
alone. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
ffl>XAfl MANIC URE. W IG-MAKING, HAIR-
«*p*JUV/. dressing parlor: fine stock and business:
best locality. MYERS & GRAHAJd, 777 Market!
Sfc^nn BUYS BAKERY WORTH $1000- IX
tjpOV/V town of 20,000 people; fine wagon route:
prominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice,: owner
retiring. See MYERS <fc GRAHAM, 777 Market.
ECHANICS, ATTENTION! — $1000 WILI*
buy a first-class old-established machine-
shop fully equipped for business: tin and sheetiroa
work; galvanizing, galvanized iron, rollers for
gold concentrators, . ship tanks and carburetters;
gas fitting, roofing, plumbiner and general jobbing.
See MYEBei <fc GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
ffl> Qflfl PAINTERS. ATTENTION !— 1 WEIN-
<pOVI/. wright whitewashing-machine and all
necessary equipments, including one horse, . 2 set*
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
right to operate In the City and County of Saa
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
fit—HlV RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
<tJp^.\J\J. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils: in the midst of the working class; fu'l mves-
tlgatlon. See MYERS <fc GRAHAM. 777 Market.
BIG SALOON: BIG STOCK; BIG TRADE;
most prominent transfer point in the city* biz
bargain MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st«
fIfcOKAA PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISH-
ed and good-paying barroom: only
first-class trade; straight bit house; rare chance
for the right man. WILKK <fc WOLF. 531 Cali-
fornia st.
Cif\(\ SALOON DOING LARGE BUBI-
*Sp\J\J\J. ness: one block from water front; rent
$50. WILKE - WOLF, 531 California st.
ffl*9f)A SALOON ON KEARNY ST.: GOOD
<D_UV7. day and large night trade; great bar-
gain. WILKE, 631 Kearny st.
flgi 7C candy-store AND icecream:
<*Pi I V. parlor; railroad station, Oakland: first-
class paying. WILKE &. WOLF, 631 California.
(jjjUnA CORNER BARROOM; LARGE
<fl? i.U\J\J patronage: kept by owner for 30
years; rent $36. WIi^KK & WOLF, 531 California.
flt^OH CORNER GROCERY AND BAR:
<fpv\r\J. living-rooms: rent $80; doln™ good
business: choice location. WILKE <& WOLF, 631
California st.
SsfiOn •NEWSPAPER FOR SALE; ONE OF
ifpyj\J\J. the best small papers in this City; has
a circulation of about 400, and a large circle of
well-paying advertisers; business at present about
50 per month, but can be largely Increased, as
proprietor is seriously sick and cannot attend to
It. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market st, >. . "
©4 OH MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEGE-
<JP 1 \J\J. table stand: one of the nicest and best
located stands in town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up; trade averages $20 per day; strictly
casji: If you want a nice paying investment do
not fail to see this. GEO. STEWART, 602 Mar-
ket st,
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 68 roams; also ground-floor and well-
lishieU basement; centrally located, half block N
• of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
J'-mporiutD building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for saie on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to b. SILV__BER(J, 320
Sangome st.. room 39.
mo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see GUS STRAND, 46 Third st.
©QfJO GROCERY AND BAB: OLD EbTAB-"
HP*J\J\J. lished: cheap rent; great bargain if sold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
SALOON AMONG FACTORIES WHERE HUN-
flrt-ds of men are employed: pays well: great
sacrifice this weak. See GTS STRAND, 45 Third.
qgqnn paying country-bakery- nrT
UpOVJV. San Francisco: bakes 1% barrels;
hiijh-elass trade; 5 living-rooms; stable; rent $20:
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st. ■
ffi»l OC BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
<fIjJ-^U. store; rent $13. SKIFF, 921 Market.
HOME BAKERY; CLEARS $100 A
<*pIUV/. month; rent $17. SKIFF, 921 Market.
FOR SALE— ONE OF THE OLDBST ESTAB-
X Hsbed liquor-saloons In the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
L UK SALE— BUTCHER SHOP, SLAUGHTER-
X house, outbuildings, horses and wagons; lo-
cated at San Pablo. Contra Costa County; will be
sold at auction or private sale. For particulars ad-
dress ROBERT THOMPSON, San Pablo, Cal.
RARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
XV chicken ranch: worth $1000: lor $200; im-
mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roome<l house;
$12 50 month. Inquire Postoffice, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
"ANTED— ACIIVE MEN AND WOMEN
»» for permanent and paying business; work:
light and profitable. ' Call at my office, T. KIND-
LESPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin st..
Oakland. .
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established; good location: full line or
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vutcanizer: opening
■ for a machinist. 1113 Market st.
SMALL CHICKEN RANCH AND COW FOR
sale, cheap: furnished 4-rooru house. and barn-
-2 acres in fruit trees: beautfful place. 776 E.
Thirty-fifth st., East Oakland. '
Ij"OR SALE— A BARGAIN; GOOD CHANCE
for the right party: a cyciery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 Berry st., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
ARE CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FlRST-
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave lor Europe Immediately. Apply ac
1!HO '1 hird st.
<£? '-sfin PHCEXIX RESTAURANT, 2130
*S)<J\J\J. Fillmore st.; owner has 2 places: part
cash; established 15 years; make offer; trial given.
Sm all MANUFACTURING business;
cheap; In a market: 170 customers; no night
or .Sunday work;. doing good business. 110 Ellis.
$vC AVERAGE WEEKLY NET [INCOMB
tjpOU $250 Invested: safe, conservative; prospeo*
tvs, proofs, free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway, N. v.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. • OWAN BUYS
- V stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 15. '26 Montgomery.
UA KTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN RES-
X taurant; splendid chance for right person. Call
for Information, day or evening, at 254 Third st.
: ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
'to $18 dally: r-m $20: nep.r San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, -218 California st.
Cjonn saloon: 15 FURNISHED booms;
i£O\J\J . a complete home ana a gold mine. Ad-
dress A. HILLEBRAND^ Valk-jo. ■ * ■ . '
N~~e\vspaper ROUTE IN interior city
Ii close. to San Francisco. For particulars anniv
thisoflice. ■ *\*
'4000 FOB HALF INTEREST IN A MAN-
«IPOUUU ufacturing business. « 328 Bush st
room 4. : ■
A INTER— PARTNER WANtED WITH
$200, in good shop. E. T. C., box 75, Call.
V™ AND FIXTURES;
x bake lbbl. flour. ■ Apply 3150 Twenty -second.
CASH BUSINESS; APPLY AT ONCE.
v-T T. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
PARTNER WA^T D-$l6O WILL MAKE
X you 83 per day ; investigate. 1625 Howard st-
AldY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 LIV-
tog-rooms; tor sale cheap. 1008 Hyde St..
GROCERY AND BAR: GOOD BUSINESS
place; no opposition. Apply Call Office.
COMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S SHOP, WITH.
\J tools, cheap. 438 Turk st.. near Larkln.
PALACE SHOE STOUE FOR SALE; BAB-
guln. Address E. S. AMES, Ukiah, Cal.
GOOD. OLD ESTABLISHED DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. ; Apply Call Office.
SMALL BUSINESS FOR SALE AT INVOICE.
Address M. M. J., box 55, this office.
lIQUOR-STORE; BUSINESS; rare
■i chance; cheap. Apply Call Office.
,|)UTCHER SHOP, WITH OH WITHOUT FIX-
-I-* tnres, rent;slB. 18 6 Howard st.
A LOON • AND . 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829
Howard st., bet Fourth and Fifth. '
OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS SALOON. APPLY
H. HAAR, 114 O'Famll st.
FOR SALE CHEAP— DELICACY AND MEAT
J store. 407 1& Turk st. , -' '-
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TH*
-CX WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
STORAGE.
S'^xTrTg^^c^eTpe^l'ljTthe^tty; firs.
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin. i
"L"URNITURK, PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
J vances, shipping. CHAd. L. TAYLOU.2O4 Post.
A (. B. SMITH FURNITURE Ca,l3a ELLIS;
• low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
QEEDB— NOT PUMPKIN SEEDS, BUT SEED
O dry plates, with developers and all requisites
lor photographing*, at Cal. Camera Co,, 124 Geary.HOITSES TO LET.
©99 fSO 1° Roo^S^n^x^klxentorl
t^^tt^ *.'. d <*; bath, hot and cold water; sta-
nonar>- washtubs. Upper part 62 Tehamast., neat
WH-ODG.
COMFORTABLE HOUSE 5 ROOMS; FINE
Greenwich"" healthy 1657 Kearny st., near
S t £? V , H . OUSE: SIX ROOMS BATH; BENT
O $18 1706 Baker st.
708 i* l ' REL AYE., NEAR BUCHANANS
1 \JV 6-room house. $12; water, $1.
CTAVIA - ~ ~ BOOMS AND
rtXJO bath: $22 SU.
9P\f |Q WASHINGTON ST.— 7 ROOMS; OATH;
first-class location. $42 60 with water.
T\ ELAWARE COURT, OFF SUTTER, BET.
XJ Powell and Mason— 4 rooms, $14; central:
cheap. '
Jft2o '^814 LAGUNA ST.; HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
*SD£-V. $14—1831 Union St.; house 4 rooms.
TVTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE IN WESTERN
-»-*i Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 Sansome st.
C!¥. K P ELEGANT RESIDENCE: SW. COB."
v^ California and Lagnna sts. Go see It.
OUSES 1O RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S. 10 I
Montgomery nt. ' ' ••■ y - - .- • .
FURNISHED HOUSES.
rnHE ELEGANT FURNITURE OF PRIVATE
X residence; must be sold. I*oo Van Ness ave.Q
COTTAGES TO LET.
pOTTAGE— 4-ROOM COTYAGE^ANIT'BATBn
\J $16; fine view. 123 Liberty st. . _ . . ; r '.
UNNY MODERN COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND
kj bath; large flower garden and cellar. 613 Grove.
C \OTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD*
/ stable In rear. 218 Collingwood st.
SUNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH, '
basement, stable. Alleen aye., off 16th su, nr.
Dolores.
909.1 MISSION— SPLENDID ' COTTAGE 8
AO&rX rooms and bath; yard; flower garden; $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sntter, Franklin and other streets: get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st. ..
FURNISHED FLATS.
SUNNY FLAT, 6 .BOOMS, BATH, FURNl-
ture for sale: rent $15. 1911 a Hyde St.; no
dealers.
FLATS TO LET.
Q»Q 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS; YARD. 1421
<J)O. Taylor su. near Pacific; rear.
1 1 P.l GUERRERO. COR. TWENTY-FOURTH
X 1 *J J — 4 sunny flats; 4 to 7 rooms; $12 to $20.
K9AA TURKi BEAR — SONNY, UPPER
*J**\J flat; ail light looms; rent $12. -> ■■.-;■■;
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT. OR
cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to let. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
/~1 RAND NEWFLAT; WESTERN ADDITION;
vX reduced from $35 to $25. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st.
T OWER SUNNY FLAT, S JANE PLACE,
X■i off Pine st., near Mason; no car fare; $12.
LARGE, SUNNY ROOMS; $14. 1325 WASH-
lngton st., bet. Jones and Leavenworth.
UNNY FLAT; 4 BOOMS: $9. Bi9 Uuhb si.;
O near Bryant. ..'.'-I '■'.
25 PER CENT REDUCTION; 2 BEAUTI-
-ful new flats; SE. cor. FiUmore and McAllis-
ter sts.: $37 60. $32 60: 7 rooms and bath each:
reduced from $15, $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish, suni'y rooms, etc.; a bargain. SHaIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218, 220 Montgomery.
©17 NEW BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LIGHT
OX I • rooms; bath, gas, tubs. 909 I-'olsom.tir.Sth.
ANTED— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»» from 510 up for flats, cottages. SPECK &
CO., 602 Market St. • .
UNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH: REASON-
abIe. 8 Dearborn St., off seventeenth, above Va-
lencia. V&Ur.
£• 1 yi SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH AND
«JpXO. yard. 10 Shotwell St., near Fourteenth.
OAO THIRTEENTH ST.— NICE FLATS; 6
OttO rooms and bath. $17; 4 rooms and bath,
$15.
I[>LATS TO KENT FuR VERY LITTLE
1 money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
1 Q')Ql SACRAMENTO— FLAT 6 ROOMS;
XO~Oa gas; bath; rent, $16. '
I^LAT: 5 ROOMS, BATH: NEWLY TINTED
- and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVEi^V, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third st., 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till lurther notice.
ctavia, BET. waller AND HAIGHT,
opp. Valencia — pp ent greatly reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city; sun all day; will be put
In first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath ; $20
and $25. •.•;••■'>;
Q] HYDE— THE MOST ELEGANT FLAT
tJX «_» in the city, centrally located : five minutes
from-Searcy or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, etc ':•■.••.:.
T/'EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
X I 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove st.
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris opp. 18tn.
<R9l ?\(\ FINE UPPER CORNER FLAT; 6
O— i- .O\J rooms and bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and Baker sts.
pHFAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
HOUSEBJSEPING BOOMS.
Broadway.
AA Q BROADWAY —NICELY FURNISHED
Ttv/O housekeeping rooms; also single.
Bush Street.
£91 BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
v->— X front rooms for housekeeping, or board If
desired. -- •. ...•;.-
Clara Street.
1 PQ CLARA— UPPER FLAT OF S SUNNY
XfJKJ front rooms; $8 50; water free.
Eddy Street.
"I 9AA EDDY — NICELY FURNISHED
X— housekeeping rooms: also sunny rooms.
•>♦_»! 1 t-iJUY —4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
0012 bath; housekeeping; sunny.
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
OX*J Dished rooms: fine location; private fam-
ily; gas range; reference. -
Q1 rj EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROO M 8 •
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location; private
family. . .
I- iftli Street. ~~~
Q-J A FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT BED-
O Xrz room ana kitchen ; bath ; yard ; private; $11.
Fourth itreel, "
99-: FOURTH-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
.— £O ing-rooms, $160 per week; also single
rooms, $1 week.
Fulton Street.
II (i FULTON— 2 LARGE SUNNY HOUSE-
XXU keeping rooms: large yard; cheap.
'y, 'VI Howard Stream. ,
1 1 zt9 HOWARD — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
XX^IZi furnished housekeeping rooms; $10, $12.
Ivy Avenue.
OAQ IVY AYE., BETWEEN FRANKLIN
O\JV and Gough— 2 nicely furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; stove; sink; $9 per month; German
family.
K.earny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS. KEARNY, NEAR BUT-
ter; gas and water free. Apr.ly 15 Grant aye.
Lacuna Street. 7~.
QftfX LAGUNA, COR. MCALLISTER- HOUSE-
Cf\J\J keeping rooms. •
Lewis Street.
1 n LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
XU sunny unfurnished rooms; water free; $11.
21111 11 a Mraei,.
AOA MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
tt £*±. housekeeping.
jiibn.un >ir«««
QCO MISSION— I OR 2 FRONT ROOMS, FUR-
-000 nlahed for housekeeping; cheap.
10^ MISSION — FROST BAY-WINDOW
„ v suUe complete; housekeeping, $15: also
one $8 ; one $6. . .
1 79 C I 1 MI »«ON, NEAR THIRTEENTH— 2
bath- $8 SUUUy furnished housekeeping rooms;
'Natoma Street. -j- '■-.;; !
r C C NATOMA-2 SUITES OF HOUBEKEEP-
a?ternoo I ? S . rooa " i * * 10 *« mouth. Apply
sixth s rooi..
L RONT SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS-
I complete; reasonable. 244 Sixths', ■ UJtto »
beventh Street. '
"I C 7 SEVENTH - LARGE BOOMS FOB
XUI housekeeping; $8 and $9. *"xfc
lehaina .street.
AAR TEHAMA— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
T"tO room and kitchen for housekeeping- well
furnished. .-..-- -•
•/Third stress. ~
I^OLTON HOUSE, 2iO, THIRD — SINGLE
Vy'suits, li^bt housekeeping, $5 up: brick bid: yard '
v. 1 uric Street.
QQ TURK— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED HOUSE.
OO keeping rooms. .
'. - Van >(!«« Avenue.
9Q9 VAN . NESS AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
— O_/ nished,' sunny unites, from 2 to 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
Washington street..
f^fjO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
Kt\J^j nished housekeeping rooms; running water.
Miscellaneous.
001 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE I
-j^2 renting agency; no fee for registering.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bryant Street. '~~ % ' "^*
"I I AT BRYANT— FLAT OF 6 FURNISHED
J.lV'X.roonn, complete for housekpg; cheap.
*-<i<lY Street.
A 1 EDDY. CORNER~MASON— NICELY FUR-
1 nished, clean, sunny rooms; day, week or
month. Tel. Jessie 411. The Portsmouth.
■» ■*;«•>» mm«,.
CHERMA. 1 * APARTMENT HOUSE. 7* BTH
0 su, near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
lias Street. <
THE RAM ON A. ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATR
li ART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
CHted; newly furnished; elevator: hot* cola wa>c
9OJ ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
O«— X lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
/•OQ ELLIS, COR. LAP.KIN — FRONT Al^
UOi7 cove bay-window; light housekeeping; gas
and bath.
ueary Street.
91 GEARY-S SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR;
&X I cottage; key premises. >'-.-t
fif\Z. GEAR V — DOUBLE AND SINGLJS ,
\J\JO rooms: $6 and $8.
Grove Street.
A(\ Q GROVE— FURNISHED BAY-
■jUO window rooms; rent $6.
ones Street.
907 .""ONF.S — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
.*~V/ I management: elegant sanny suites and
Ingle: newly furnished: bath, etc.- SlO to SS!>.
A-] r JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
tt XO rooms: in suites or single; terms moderate.
i>.earny Mreu..
00 KEARNY-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
«-O terms reasonable: quiet house.
Oft KEARNY— WELL-FURNISHED FRONT
OU sunny suite: single rooms; electric lights.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127^ KEARNY —
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
Lafayette Street.
191 LAFAYETTE, OFF MISSION, NEAR
XOa Twelfth— Nice front bay-window room.
l.eavenworth Street.
ATI LEAVEN WORTH — SUNNY HALL
T:XX room; gas; bath; $6; gentleman. •
Jitiikm <>ir««..
"V" OSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
X nlgnt. 36c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Minna Street.
af* 1 ? MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\J\J * nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
■ ■ • SLibsion Street.
079 MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE;
Ol^ physician's offices for years: also other
Natoma Street.
r7A"| NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH— 2 OR 3 F UR-
I \JX nished or unfurnished rooms.
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFOR"D>— EN-
£i\JU tirely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms; en suite or single: terms reasonable.
29C POWELL, COR. GEARY— SUNNY ROOM
— O newly fur., $8: also large sunny cor. room.
Prospect Place.
91 PROSPECT PLACE. BET. POWELL
4jXO end Stockton, Pine and California sts.—
Nice. sunny, furnished rooms to let.
Stockton Street.
EUROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON—
Xli nished suites, $4 to $10 ;sslngle rooms, $1 50 to
$3 week; 50c to $2 night; hot and cold running
water in every room; baths; elevator; transient.
PYRNEE HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
xi Front suites; single rooms; housekping;cheap.
tuner Tree;, j
QHW PUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES.
QUO SI 25 to $10 wk; night 26c_to $1 50: trans!.
7 j 1 BUTTEB — HANDSOME ROOMS AND
I XX suites, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
7AO SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
i\t*J newly furnished sunny rms.; suite or single.
■ Taylor Street.
C 1 f* TAYLOR- FURNISHED SUN-
lill) ny single ana double rooms: private family.
. ~~" Tenth Street. '. ...„.;
"I "I -I TENTH, NR. MISSION— LARGE SUN-
XLJ ny front room; housekeeping permitted.**
1 O: TENTH— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
-I— O room; gas; closet: bath: »7.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
DESIRABLE ROOM. NEWLY~l^uif\lBß>
XJ id. with board; exceptionally good home. 424
Eddy st.
A 6 ) A EDDY— FINE. SUNNY, NEWLY FUR-
Tr^tt nished rooms; bouse first class In every re-
spect; table unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
OTiiL BERTLING. 714 i.UbU-A FAMILY
hotel: references flveu ana reuuind; alimoU-
frn conyppipnc*^. .' - "
CHILDREN BOARDED.
w"anted- »:hild to board in family
Vt without children. Inquire at 4095 Eighteenth
St., near Castro.
\\r ANTED— I OR 2 BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
" teams: reasonable: good home; no other
children. Call at 119 2 Langton at-
WIDOW WITH A QUIET, COMFORTABLE
home, would like child to board. 829J/2 Suiter.
\\r ANTED— CHILD TO TAKE CARE OF;
" mother's care. 700 Eddy st.
IDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
(1 to 6 years) to board. 809 Baker st.
AC\ ?^\ TWENTY-FIFTH ST. — PLEASANT
\.f~>) borne for child: room for parents.
~ '' STORES TO LET. ™^ ~~
~ifoß. ?ma!X bakkry^ gkocery 1 ok
X 1 butcher-shop; will build to suit, rent or sell; $50
cash, $20 per month : near Ingleside. THE Me-
CARTJi V CO.. 646 Market st. -
TORE TO LET, ALSO LARGE BASEMENT,
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
TORE TO LET— S26I THIRD ST. APPLY 214
Third. • .■ ■ .-
TORE, WITH 8 ROOMS, NE. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye. and Webster st. ; choice location for
drugstore. ■ •■ t. - ■ \^^
__ _ OFFICES TO LET,
I^INE^OFFIc2sT23" KE^R^rY^^TTrsUlTA^
-T ble for any business. - "
PRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
Elegant srtnnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSEN «fe CO.. 14 Montgomery st,
STABLES TO LET. ■:_:
TABLE OF 10 i STALLS TO LET: LARGE
' yard. 231 Ash aye.
MEDICAL. — —
A BLESSING TO L^LAIJIES~*¥cFFERINd
from irregularities end diseases peculiar to
their sex : latent improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes their, sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home in confinement. DR. & MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. il
LL, CASES of IRREGULAKITIES St
stored In a few Lour*; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; traveler* helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate phy-
sician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ni cn t or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from -what cause; restores always In one day;
can be sent aud used at home; all cases guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
J ADIES.CHICUESTER'SEis'GLISHPENNY-
J royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return mail:
at druggist's. Chlchester Chem. Co., Philadelphia.
LPEAU'S FRENCH , PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
D" RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN BPE-
< laity, unexcelled in restoring Irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement; best care:
low fees: pills $2. -Moved to 904 McAllister st
MBS. DR. WEGENEiTfXkES LADIES BE-
iore and during confinement: Infanta adopted
Into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st,
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
kj from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYER, 226 Turk st.
MRS. J. A. ACH \RD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 26 years' experience. - 666 Mis-
sion su • ■ - . .■. . „■
R& M. E. RODOERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
_ confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
DR. DORA GRAY-ALL FEMALE COM!
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 Eddy.
tf IRREGULAR or any FEMALE Dl-EASE
Xsee MRS. DR. PUETZ and be content. 864 ££
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
Jones. Diseases of women ana children.
Psi, VAT , X HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. iIRJi"
Z. DR. 1 LNCKE, 1416 Eighth st., Alameda.^^ j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
PERSONALS.
ONE BILITIIidT^N^'coMB^ATION.^ONE
pool table, one bookmaker's wheel, one Aus-
tralian banking wheel, all as good as new, for sale
cheap. ,129 o'hartll st. .'. . j ■
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; ail
1 law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Marketst.
MORRIS BERRY, FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
ness at 14 McAllister. Rms. 46-46; ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order;fit guaranteed ;low prices
AO CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rale*
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth si.. Oakland. Cal.
T INCOLN BROS., CA-H GROCERS. 226
U sixth st. (middle of the block)— 5c lb:
corn starch, 5c lb; picnic hams, 6c lb; boneless
hams, 9c; best sugar-cured hams, 10c; salmon
I trout, 6c each; butter, HOc roll; esses, 12 5/ 2C dozen;
flour, 75c sack; tea and coffee. 25c lb. LINCOLN
I 8R05.,:; 26 Sixth st -
ENT LEMAN DESIRES HOME AT HOUSE
VJ of educated lady who might become his busi-
ness partner; appoint interview. A., box 8, Call.
' ADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS;
O manicuring: hairdressing. 865 y<s. Market, r. 12.
CILARA— YOU CAN GO TO MR. LEDEREK'S
) now without having to wait so lons to net your
hair dressed. He has enlarged his parlors and put
in more people, but his price Is the same, 23c G.
LEDERKR, 111 Stockton st.
LA DV (STB AN ER)~D ES IRES GENTLE-
man partner; $25 capital. , R. 2.12^ Post st.
"LINE WATCH REPAIRING, JEWELRY
i X: made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground :
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
DIVORCE AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
, riage by United States Divorce Bureau; lega
everywhere. Aadress P. O. box 2432, 8. F., Cal.
Q»/J PANTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<gtt WERTHM AN Pants Co. 22y 2 Geary streeu
Ks! THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST. 101%
OX Grant aye.. room 10.
fJIHE FINEST LINE OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tallor-
Ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
TRUNKS DELIVEKKD 25C BAY CITY
X Transfer Company. 244 Sntter; tel. Grant 57.
DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
Classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029Va Market su,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal. ■.- --■
ALL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
XA ZOK-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,2sc. Razor Exchee,63oMaricet
VELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OUTDOOR STiiKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic at-
vertUemente In living light; promoters of ban-
cess. Console OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Markets
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St.. near Market-
-200 rooms, 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 pet
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the terry.
LIBERAL ADVANCES UN DIAMONDS. JEW-
elry. etc.: lowest rates. 848 Market si.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. OENTS 1 AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 'in. cor. Je«sl«.
____________
DRESSMAKERS.
Al (\l GEARY ST.— DRESSES MADE FOR *5
jJ Us up; dresses made over; patterns cut to
order. .
RESSES $2 UP*- WRAPPERS 350 UP;
lawn $1 op. 605% Natoma st. , above Sixth.
TYLISH SUITS. *3 UP: SKIRTS. 75c UP;
0 fitguaraptefd. fis9L 2 Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
- _— LOST. ~
H7 QK YELLOW TERRIER IRl^n BITCH;
X I 00. answers to the name of Flossie: license
No. 1785; reward. Return St. Law.ence stables,
Post st. , . _^
lOST— A GOLD PIN, SKT WITH KUUY IN
XJ renter. Finder will be rewarded on returning
to 16 Kincon place.
"I OST— ON THE NIGHT OF AUGUST 3, AT
Xj the Market-street ferry or on the Oakland boat
or train (narrow gauge), a basket containing books
and papers of the 'West Indian Benevolent Asso-
ciation. Suitable reward will be paid for return of
same to GEORGE CUTHBERT, 532 Market St.,
S. F.. room 26.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH TH HIBERNI A
J Savings and Loan Society of Sun Francisco, in
the name of JOHN DELEH ANT Y. No. 122,266.
The finder will please return to bank.
ILL THE PARTY WHO FOUND LADY'S
cape at Emporium please return to 324. San-
cbe« ; reward. 1
OST— SEPT. 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM, A.
O. F. No. 7556, Court Twin Peaks. Return to
1143 Market St., bet Seventh and Eighth.
ffljr REWARD— LOST, ABOUT 3 WEEKS
•lit 1 ago, a gold hand with chain, on which Is a
gold fish, horseshoe, coral beads and white sea-
shell. Apply l'/li day st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITANA, THE G Y PS Y QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
VX truthful In her predictions; reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will guide you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed : otiice hours from 9to 9.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIKVOY-
ant, cud-reader, born v.-i;h a douDle vellan.l
second sight; ladies 50c. gen $1; palmistry an
clairvoyant sitting $1 50. 126 Turk st.. nr. Jones.
MMX. SCHMIDT. CLAIRVOYANT. TELLS
1»J past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st.
MRS. L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SIT-
• tings dally; 25c upward. 221 Flllmore st- nr.
Halght. ,
CIONCHITA, CARD READING; PAST, PHES-
> ent, future. 821 Howard st., room 15.
GYPSY LIFE-READER, REMOVED FROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MME. HANSEN. PALMIStTca ! ItT7-KEADEIf:
past, present and future: 'Jsc. 143 6th St., r 5.
ENOWNED GYPSY CARD-READER AND
XV palmist arrived; gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Post.
MME. MORE AY, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
VJ ME. KAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY-
iU business advice: name* eiven ;Wsc up. 6 Fourth.
MMX. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yra Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTUREFUTURK
hunband. wife; ladles 'Jsr. 50c 014 O'Fnrp»lt.
— SPIRITUALISM."- ~
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONCi WOMEN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD-
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL'
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcas".
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth llvin?'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast 'in the ten years paat, ii
•gain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, - and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless- the
separated are united: the sick made strong; the
poor become rich ; if you think your husband, wire
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal*
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoei
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human fiesh is heir to, and no
matter of bow long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail is always most su>
cesaiu 1 and satisfactory. AH letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE *1 a UPWARD! FEK. $1 A UPWARD
ii.UH. DR. A. D. HOWE.
1320 Market at., opp. Seventh.
San Francisco.
FRIENDSHIP HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
MRS. C. J. MEYER holds meetings Sun. Mod.
Thurs. and Sat.; 7:30; clr. Tue., Fri. 2 p. it.: slugs.
TTt LARKIN— LECTURE ON PALMISTRY
J XX by Mrs. Chanders, pupil of Dr. Sivartha,
scientist, ■,
rjiEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT; 10c; MME.
X YOUNG; 606 McAllister st. Tel. Jessie 1101.
MRS. MAYO ST, E ,S— LADIKS' CIRCLE TO-
day 2 p.m.; readings daily. 1016 Market, r. 19.
ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
ces Tuesday, Friday even's, 25c; 10 to 4 dally.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
. writer. 118 Haight St.; hours 9 unlll 6 p it.
HYPNOTISM. ~~
H^^YI^TISM^N~D~VITAIi STaGNETiSm
XX practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a, so how to hypnotise Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
Is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested In hs therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute.
6 O'Farrell st- - ...'.. -■■.-.
PROFESSIONAL . CARDS.
pRANKSHAY.ATTORNEY-AT-LAW. ROOM
X 1 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN K. RICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. , ROOMS
28 and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, San Francisco, Cal.
JOHN R. AITKEN ANDMAURICE L. ASHEB,
attys at law, mm 515.516. 5-h floor. Parrott bldg.
' ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
V SSESSMENT'"NbTICE-JASPER "con
J\. idated Mining Company— Location oi prin-
cipal place Of business, Ban Francisco, Cal. : loca-
tion Of works. Kanakas Valley Mining District,
El Horado County, Cat. ->. - , . . ■ ; .
Notice is hereby Riven that at a meeting of the
directors, held on the third day of July, 1896, an
assessment (No. 1) of < three ; cents per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corporation,
payable immediately to the treasurer of the com-
pany at the otiice of the corporation at .No. 811
Brant an street, San Francisco. S^QKHßaNgMMMßf
. Any stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the Bth day of October, IS9H,
wllHic delinquent and advertised for sale at pub-
lic auction, and unless payment Is made before
will be sold on the 28th day of October, 1896, to
pay the delinquent assessment, together with costs
of , advertising and expenses of sale. • , .■
,-,, .,. . S. H. ROBINSON, Secretary.
BICYCLES.
: v7^rYTpTN^9XB7cYCLE FOR DAVID
\ N. H AWLEY, 31 Market st. .
OWLER AND BEN HUR, $60: BEN HUR
J? tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100;
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
, AKGAIN IN A STEARNS TA.N DEM; ALSO
[2 single wheels. 306 Post st. . .-.- ■
PARK CYCLER Y-NEW WHEELS TO i^ET?
i best accommodations. Terminiu Ueary, Ma-
Alilater and Powell st. ■ i-.r lines.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
NICK, FAMILY COWS FOR SALE.
£t Apply 1116 Folsom st. .....■■ • - - . •
7TREAT~T)ANE~PUPS FOR SALE; ALSO
\X talking parrot. 1201 Valencia st. -„-
OAA EGG RELIABLE INCUBATOR. BKOOD-
ZUU er, ynrdg,s3o. 2427 Dwight way, Berkeley.
AKS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, WHELV
XJ ing. etc., bought and sold. 1063 .Mission, nr. 7th.
/COFFEE MILL, SCALES, LETTER PRESS
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. Clay.
CV YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
1> tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan LU, 61 First St.,
near Mission. '
PLENDID REM I N I i TON TYPKWRITKR,
_ $45: others lrom $-'0 op. REVALK, 409 Cat
IjOILERsTE-N'J 1 -' AN D>f AcTfl N ER Y.
XJ waterpip.es. Mclntosh A Wolpman. 137 Beal<«.
C 1 OUNTE X S. • (SHELVING. SHOWCASES
bar 3 bought A sold.. 1121^ Markt.bec 7th A Bta
ALL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood tops, $5 50 up; repairing: open
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
OUD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc. W. L. SANFORD,
415 Washington si. •• , :
ii HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
nine; good as new: $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHEd"
' ' doors, mantels, etc for sole. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAROK SIZS
lire and bumlr.r proof nafe. 109, 111 Market }"..
"INJEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONii-
-!■> hand. v\ r . S. RA V Mi'; Co., 12 California si.
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGED?
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth su
EDUCATIONAL.
d forming; lessons in painting and etch ins: studio
or pupil's residence. J. M. GRIFFIN, 237 Twelith
avenue. ■ .
ISSE. L. BREEN, MANDOLIN TEACHER:
Italian method; terms low. 131 Post St.,
room 24; elevator. •^j
H,ETC.;Prof.DK FILIPPK'S
O Academy of Languages,32o Postst:estab'd 1871
\ YKES', THE -LEADING COLLEGE, 325
-TV Montgomery St.; Individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.;
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market St.; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
ALMA K. HYEK, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN-
jfi. Jo. 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNii, WJill NG, ARITIiMTC GKAM it
.1) day A l , nl^ht: iiocl»<tHes: $sruontlv. 845 Mission
i.Of. Louis MERKi: VIOLIN, mandolin,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, Powll.
T ADV FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
XJes plano.slnglng,French:s3mo. R. 14. IOOUPoIk
R. & M US. KULA.MEK, TEACHERS MAN
dolln, guitar, banjo. 935 Market opp. Mason
 ELASCU's LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
» > Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. K. 5 and 12, 1. O. v. F. block. 7th and Mkt
CIiOOL, ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanical engineering, surveying, architectnre-
«ssay:estab. '64. VAN DERNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
PROFESSOR U. MANSFIELD. TEACHER OP
X violin guitar, mandolin, Imr.lo. 1707 Market^
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
N IMMKNSE~STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can oner better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and lare -st music-home west of
Chicago: call or write. KOULEK & CHASE, 28
O'Farreil st., San Francisco,
A CTUaLIY THE BIST "BAHGAINS IN Pl-
*» anos; see our list tor this week; pianos on $3,
$4. «5, $6, $7, *8. -$9, $10. $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and rover with each; delivered
free anywhere in tie city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 93S Market su, opp. Mason.
A 4-STORY BUILDI.NU, CORNER OF
Kearny and Gutter sts., full of pianos; these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
»3, $4. $5. $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. *20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when belter pianos can be
bought from us for about same payments ? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover included: no charge for drayage: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners.' SHERMAN,
CLaY it CO., cor. Keaniy and sutt«r sts.. also
OaKland, Cal., PGrtJ«na,orv, «e.utle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coast.
ON ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on. Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Hayes St., between
Octavla and Lasjuna, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly ; as 1 buy tor cash and in carload lots
ana have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In San Francisco,
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT. ,
A LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
JA. prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market st.
riNE UPRIGHT PIANO: LITTLE USED;
1 splendid tone, bareain. 115 Seventh st.
JZ. BARGAIN; NTEINWAV PIANO, EX-
-1 U.ceilent order terms. 221 Leavenworth
VI AGNIFIOENT STKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
i-VI Schubert: little used:sacrlflce. 1019 Van Nesss
CL A RANCK SALE— HAINES, KNABK AND
Bush and Gert's pianos; clearing-out prices
will rule, A. L. BANCROFT A CO., 324 Pos; St. ■
OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA>IL
F SCHMIIZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
<2» I P. A BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
-0 XO\J. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
\kj <;. badger, HULK agent for HALL.ET
«" .<t Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406--ac'to
Hi CKK :W. X. A' ABE, STKUK.VOSE. » I' lS K-
ling pianos; see onr new piano for $187; planai
:or rent. IiENJ. CURT A/. it SON. 16 O*Farr*U.
iJYi.UN M.U:7jY, I-.Ua POST ST.— SOHMEii,
J> -Newbv A Evan*, 1 riggi «nd other pianos. *
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLDANEW
0 H. M1I.1.KI:. n»k»r. r»-palr<»r. '1 l^atharo Dlacs.
" HORSES. ~~"
riTH^E^im^U^rBAl2ES~Y^A^D^r^2o^ViU
X lencla su, Is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, bugcles, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
CM HEAD DKIVING a.\mvouk HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
EiBOLU HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, onr own make, of | every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash: send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st..S. F.
1 ?\l\ SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HA
Xk>\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surruys.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission a
"I AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
C(W) BET. NEW. AMD S-KCON D-HAND HAK-
U\J\J ness: all kinds: bngcy.waeon. carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
~A(\ HOUSES J; UK SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
H u bugjle-!, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horw
Market, 327 six.h sU ; auction sales every Wedae>
<l»v. tSULMV -X A- fHiYi.K. Anctlone^.
_ WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
TO TRADE— A LIGHT BUGGY FOR" LIGHT
X business wagon. 813 Stockton.
XPRESS WAGON, BAKERY WAGON,
XJ fruit wagon, butcher cart. 1620 Mission.
GOOD DELIVERY HORSE AND WAGON"
Apply 1619 Powell St.
I, OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
'X 1 carriages of every description; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvill Mfg Co.. 46-48 81 h St.. S. V.
DENTISTS. —
R^JO^rß^NTAirA^SociATTo^r^siß^Aß"
"U ket, bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extractlng.wlth gas, »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new:
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas Riven. '
R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 o'Farrellau
I^ULL SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X I five years; extraction, 60c.;. fluinKs, 60c.;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth!
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction-
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HAKDINQ.M.D., ; SOQSutter
DR. i- T. ! KAN 51-KXTK ACT lON PAIN L ES-V
XJ crown work, trldge work «nd teeth wlthoa:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant «v*.
ffl<7 A SET FOR TEETH: VVaKKa MED A-J
«iP I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMd
dentlsu 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c- CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13vearV
experience. B. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. Hii«/ A Gear"
ALL WORK TO SUIT TIMES ;W~A~RRANTETr
DR. REA, 1870 Market St., front Clty^HiiiL ■
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
cPitnan: gas given: crown and bridge woric
LL WORK RKASONABLK AND wak-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OFTJSETH WITHOUT A rLA'i'JS. liit t£
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si, ■• a ;*. J -..V"-.."-.
I JK. J. J. LEEK, li:0» MARKET. CO X. GOLDEN
XJ Gatg avf.— Open, evenings: Sundays till noon.
PARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
rpEMPEItATE MAN' OF 30, GOOD PAINTER
X ana.' paperh anger, handy witn tools, will work
very cheap by the day or job: city or country; Al
references. ' Address O. X. , box 95, Call Office.
CITY REAL ESTATE .
A T AUCTION " " *~
• AT AUCTION
• ' BY
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.,
Real Estate Agents. House Brokers, Rent Col-
lectors and Auctioneers.
Office and salesroom,
14 Montgomery street, near Market.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR :
WE WILL SELL AT AUCTION,
at our salesroom,
THIS DAY (THURSDAY), SEPTEMBER 10,
at 12 o'clock m.
First— lmprovements at 1225 Bush st. and lot
30x137:6, sooth line, bet. Hyde and Larkin; house
contains la rooms and bath.
Southwest cor. O'Farreli st. and Carlos
place, bet. Powell and Mason sts., being 221 to
227% O'Farrell st. and 10 and 12 Carlos place;
improvements several . buildings In stores and
fiats renting for about $223 per month, and lot
57:6x87:6, with an L. Terms of sale as per legal
notice of sale. y-> :f "
Further particulars can be bad at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., Auctioneers, 14 Mont-
gomery st.
JODU. Post, near Van Ness; resi-
dence contains 10 rooms and bath: excellent loca-
tion for physician: lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
Particulars of a H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Mont-
gomery st. ■
TO CLOSE PARTNERSHIP— FOR SALE, A
1 business block; centrally located: handsome
Income: will take $35,000 in country property,
(10,000 cash, mortgage for balance; price $85,000.
ALSIP & CO., Mills buildln?.
\S CAtHh. BKOTHEitSs
liX REAL ESTATE BROKERS
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
' VAN NESS AYE. INVESTMENT CORNER.
<2JXA (\(\(\ ONE OF THE BEST NORTH-
«JpUv.UUU. westcorners: 4-story building of
8 apartments; modern improvemen s: finished in
hardwoods; best of plumbing; insured for $30,000;
first-class tenants: good income now. and by ex-
pending $10,000 in adding more apartments it
would pay Rood interest on $100,000; an offer is
wanted.
A FIRST - CLASS WESTERN ADDITION
HOME.
*1 ft f\f\n CLAY ST., NR. BUCHANAN:
«JJ)XU.UV/U. 2-story dwelling; 13 rooms; all
modern conveniences; desirable neighborhood;
offer wanttd.
TO EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO OR
OAKLAND PROPERTY.
©TO finn WEBSTER, near vallejo:
<g)XZi.\J\J\J. new residence of 16 rooms: all
latest improvements; electric lights: gas fires:
furnace; natural woods; tinted walls; desirable
location: delightful home
WANTED, v
TJESIDENCEOF4OR 5 BEDROOMS AND AT-
XV tic; new; modern improvements: east of Fill-
more, north of Suiter; worth $10,000 to f 15,000.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Building. '
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
." WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments are easier than rent.
©1 (\(\ TO 8250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
*SfX\J\J at once: near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines; only to monthly payments.
■ ■ ■ bOL GETZ A BROTHER,
ffl» 7 C 1 0 $1200— LOCATED LOTS NEAR
«Jp • *J electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Afiillatea Colleges;
$5 and $10 monthly payments-
SUL GETZ A BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams. '
I SOL GETZ A BROTHER, Owners,
' Room A, First Floor, Crocker Bulding.
pREAT EXCITEMENT
J CAUSED BY LOW PRICES. I
64 WESTERN ADDITION LOTS.
*1230 UPWARD.
YOUR OWN TERMS.
Last Sunday we advertised for the first time 64
lots fronting on Cole, Stanyan, Sbrader. Frederick
and Bealah streets. This is by far the most im-
portant subdivision of the year. - Owing to the low
prices it has been of «;reat interest to many in-
tending purchasers. We advise you to see these
lots at once. You cannot buy a lot in the city at
the price which will compare with these, either for
Investment or as a residence site. Located near
the Park, and in a select neighborhood: near the
site or the Affiliated Colleges, convenient to elec-
tric and cable lines, good climate. The Park pan-
handle Is beinar rapidly built up by first-class im-
provements. We will sell the lot's on your own
terms. Street work done. Lots ail level and
ready for ouilding purposes. Go and see these lots
to-day. Our agent will distribute diagrams Sun-
days on the blocks. •
.BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
<t£9^n NEARLY NEW FLATS ON THE
*£)\JZjO\Jm choicest part of Ashbury Heights,
Frederick St., near Asnbury; contain 6 and 6
rooms and have every modern improvement; well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; In-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mit 10 inspect apply to TOBIN A ALLY, 630
Market st. ' - - • ■
iIEAiiTUIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
XV the San Leandro road and main street to
Filch burg station; size j 100x100: cheap at $20
per front foot. ■ ;--.-.
RESIDKNCF. CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XV from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500.
r>USINE«S CORNER AT FITCHBURO BTA-
Xi tion; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
\J divide into 48 building lots: a good buy to hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKBT GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
Count?, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market.
ATHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
v/ In tbe best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
TNGLESIDE— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
X near racetrack, on Flax ton and Graf ton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels: all modern Im-
provements: lot 62:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
O. W. H. PATTERSON <fc CO., 2 Valencia st.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES, HOUSES OR
flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
ffIJCAA CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RENT,
tJpOUV/ for a new house on east side of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lar/e lot 'i 5x125;
all modern improvements. Apply on premises.
ÜBSTANIIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
0 $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
'<st'i Yin r'n nin^ AT west" rates-, city
«IPI \J\J.\J\J\J and - Oakl&d: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINWALD. BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
A jewelry, also 00 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELKir
STORE. 9*B Market St.; open evenings.
\\T ANTED— $1000 ON 8 PER CENT IN-
V* tereat per annum: security, chattel mortgage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M., box 48, Ca11.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTEK-
pst per month for each $1000; name rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite . insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOANED ON JEW.fc.LKV AND
ether valuables at th» Security Loan Office
3il)t>Marlfetst..nr. Mason: private tntranc* 7 Turc
I jIKECT ON VOUK FUKNITUKIS OR PiANO:
U no removal : no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68, Donohne ' bids. 1170 Market ct
NY AMOUNT; IST, '£l> or 3D MORTGAGE*:
A. estates, undivided interests, real estate In x>p>
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
C*Zr\ UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
«H)UI/ gages: int. in estates. MURPHY. 62B Mrkt
A DVANCES ON ELK Y. ETU
J\ Colombia Loan A Collateral Office. 0 <>rar/i ny».
Vl ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
I*l McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
Tlf ONEY LOANEDON PIANOS; LOW.RAIES.
Itl-.11 Stockton st. Tel. No. Black 1201. ■ . .-■■..
' PAWNBROKERS. ~~
WISE AND ■- HA VE INTERe¥tT"m6nEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and >-e-
curlty uflice, r 7. Hood bldg. : entrance 809 Mkt.
AT/. 126 Ki'.AKN * hT., KOOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, , diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private room-*: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL. — — —
mpi hri nnn T ° loan a 'LOW as banks,"
qPIUIM'UU Apply rm 222. Cal. safe Dep.Bldg.
„ _ . TO LEASE. ~
: t?ob?Tbent ok leaT*s— 6o^vara^lot~Be7
JC cor. Folk and ' Jackson • sts.: rent $50 per
month.' Address J. £ 427 Sansomp su, 8. F. ;
COUNTRY EEAI ESTATE.
I 000 , ACR ES OF FIRST-CLASS FARMING
j \j\j\j land to rent: is only 17 miles from San
*ranclseo and within 1 mile of railroad station:
rent $.2 per acre as a whole or 92 50 in 200-acre
Address H. F. £MERIC, 805 Market St.,
! -an Francisco, Cal.
1 8 ACIiES. AN IMPROVED PLACE IN SO-
J-w noma County; orchard, vegetable garden,
nouse, barn, chicken-houses, brooders, chickens.
ducks, b crass and ail implements.
W E . HAVK A BARGAIN FOR ANY ONE
" wishing a good 10-acre fruit orchard in full
bearing, only 40 miles from San Francisco; house,
barn, windmill and chicken-house; cheap and wl;l
stand strict Investigation.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building.
TO RENT — SATHER RANCH, CONTRA
Cos a County, .on san Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley: 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; aboul 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture: suitab for milk or
slock ranch; has railroad facilities. K. K. HOW-
LAND, Orlnda Park.
SHI' RST CO lux V. ~" '
■ At Ashurstyou will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaininc at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have ever before been offered. We have our own
homes in this colony and are determined to sur-
round ourselves wi;h neighbors who wish at once
to have schools and cli arches and reading-rooms
In our very midst. We have every facility ior a
grand development. We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with v* homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Asburst Colony, room 10, Mills buildinx.
San i-ranctsco.
<n»p;n ADVANCE— CIi! near
<iPc/v/city; 3 acr-s; house 4 rooms, furnished;
incubator anl brooder; 5 chicken-houses; *10
month. 130 Second st.
(-CHICKEN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACKKs-
' low rent; 1000 laying hens. C. KNUDSEN .
Petaluma.
ipHJS FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE aTATK
Will be. leased for a term of years, or the rlcht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as tee present owner is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand headof hogs the year round.
*or particulars ad.lrfssX. V.. box 0:), Call Office.
ANY UNK WAMINU A itANOU FUtt
-ri- Brazil)* purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required.
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply sag -Montgomery st.
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
«-/ 8 i« th " btate: selling in tracts, 6 acres up-
ward, *d& per acre-, adjoining lanas held at $100
rx-rtcre; ownerforced to sell; 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.
I" ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN. IM-
«lTo Pr °X cd rl e * sv , teri:n 8; also 4 to la acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years* credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F.
TT ALKBKCTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
-Li County, for improved or unimproved property
CaH Office?' or Sau * rancisca Address A, box 87
Call Olnce.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RKAL ESTATE.
mo KXCHANGE-600 ACRES OF PASTURE.
X grain or fruit land in Teharna County: living
water and timber: $10 per acre; clear of incum-
brance; perfect title; want small ranch, or Oakland
Fl.b^toa^nT^ Addre3a **»"««■ "«
MY SPECIALTY IS " ; " ~
-"i- HOUSE-RENTING IN
2 story modern 9-room house $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage !." 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat . .. *" la
AND 300 MORE. """"
• WM -,^ ;i > , EWOI ' i! '' House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1060 Broadway. Oakland. __"
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALe"
VV'KAK DIAMONDS BY PATRONIZING H
" SCHKLLHAAS, furniture-dealer, llth.OaKld
ALAMEDA ADYERIISBMBNrs"
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
C9J F\(\ «50 CASH. *25 MONTHLY: NEW
*4P-^^»JV/. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 60x
125, situated close to Buy-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, now building: your terms are ours.
*2500— Cottage of 6 room* and bath; pretty
garden; close to Chestnat-sU station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms.
. special bargains In lots; bouses and stores to let
from 10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays- MARCUSE
& REMMEL, Bay-st. station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
San Francisco office, 629 Market st.
0 ACRES OF LAND IN ALAMEDA FOR
*J sale at a bargain; must be sold; land high and
dry; can be cut up Into lots: please call ana in-
spect. T. F. BAIRU, 1303 Park su, Aiameda.
T^OR RENT-LARGE, NICELY FURNISHED
J. 6-room cottage, 830; large 9-room house, finely
furnished, Central aye., $55; large line unfuru-
ished dwellings. K. p. JUDD. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
I"^?OU^R^S : F7SrA^l^lEDA^£^ROO^^^
1 tage; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and bandy to 2 stations: 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. SAX!:, Lick
House i.aundrv. S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.,
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR BALK
on easy terms. O. O. MAY A CO.. real estate,
building and loans, 2123 Center St.. Berk"ley.
JOSEPH J. mason, real estate AND
__lnM]ranc-9 agent. Berkeley ntntn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER-
house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place comprises about lv acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' walk to train making
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER& CO., 467 Ninth
St.. real estate brokers. Oakland.
TT«OR RENT. NEWLY FURNISH KD COT-
X tage 6 rooms, tath and garden, 520. 1983
Bprkfley way. East Berkeley.
property to exchange.
CoaL, wood, "hay, "grain" exchanged
for small improved ranch. Address J. WIL-
SON, 339 Hayes st.
TO EXCHANGE —80 ACRES UNCULTI-
X vated land, value $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land , Or., for res'.auraut or lodging-house in the
city. Address or call 17 Third st , room SIS.
XCUANGE— LARGE LIST OF CITY AND
country property. UNDERWOOD,76S Market.
rpo EXCHANGE, FOR COUNTRY PROPER
X ty— l2-room modern house: lot 64x235. E. D.
JUDD. 1424 Park st-, Aiameda. _^
GROCERY AND BAR TO TRADE FOR
VJ small improved ranch. G., box 6, Call Office.
SEXDFUUUUK. LIST U*' uKCiiAitiJ iiu..lr.d
for sale. WOUMTKR A WHITTUN. San Joss.
"!QQ/| ACRES .Ti.YI.KKK LAND. KEKN CO.;
XAi^jyt """'r: flnpfnrratllo-mN'ng. N..bx,l6.Cail
LEGAL NOTICES.
OTICE OF SAIJ3 OF REAL ESTATE.
X' In the Superior Court, In and for the City and
County of Pan Francisco, State of California.
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS bOUER, deceased. „
Notice is heieby given, that in pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the Sth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHEK, deceased, the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
rash and subject to confirmation by said superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock m., at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Uxnbsen & Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, in the City and County of San Francisco
all the right, title, interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his death,
and all the right, title and. interest that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired other than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death, in and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and being In th*- City and
County of San Francisco, state of California,
bounded and described as follows:
First— Commencing at point on the southerly
line of Bush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six Inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkln street, running thence
easterly along said southerly Hue of Busu street
thirty feet, thence at 1 right anpies southerly one
hundred and thirty-Seven feet and six Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of &0-vara lot No. 1367 as laid
down on the official Map of the City of San Fren-
cisco
Si-cond— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of O'Far-
rell street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right angles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and. six Inches, thence at right an sties
westerly flf:y-ela:ht feet, . and hence at right
angles northerly ninety-.*even feet and six inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point of commencement, being part of 50-vara lot
No. 954 on the official map of the City of Sao
Francisco. ' •
Terras and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be ' paid to tbe undersigned on
the day of sale, balance . on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
EMILE SOHER, Administrator with the will
annexed .of tbe estate of Lewis bouKB, de-
ceased. :.
Dated August 18, 1896. .
.W. A. PLONKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
Mills building.
BIKTiIS— -MARRIAGES— DEATHS
■ : ; ; BORN.
BARONIDIS-In West Berkeley, September 7,
1896, to the wife of Dr. G. M. Baroniais, a
daughter. . • • • ■
BaNKS— in this city, September tt, 1896, to the
wife of Arthur E. Banks, a son.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. SeDtember 8, 1896,
to the wife of Arthur Siuclair Cunningham, a
son. .
HOWE— In this city, September 1. 1898, to the
wife of James E. Hove, a daughter.
MARRIED.
DODGE— ANT In this cltv, September 9.
1896, by the Rev. Herbert N. Bevier, Ronald T.
Dodge and Annie L. Orphant. - ' -
HIRT— RUOFF— In this city, September 6. 1896,
by the Rev. J. M. Bushier, Gustav Hlrt and
Anna Ruoff.
LAY— CROW -in (his city, Septembers, 1H96. by
the Rev. J. M. Buehler, George Lay and Delilah
Crow.
MEINECKE-MAASBEKG-In Alameaa, Sep-
tember 8, 1838. by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Ed -
ward George Meinecko and Edith Maasberg,
both of Aiameda. Ca".
I»1ED.
namb?rger, SUmund Marchant, Adrlen
Besthorn. Elwara H. Moffitt. Francis M.
Connell. DanM H. Nyman, Serena
Dobernecker, Rosa. • O'Brien, John H.
Fitzgerald, John Pierce. Barbar C. M.
Hermann, Henry L. Ruggles, William P.
Jackson, Robert Raye, Catherine
• Lamed, Joseph G. MOddnrd. Ella F.
Letter. Jacob - Trimmer. William W.
McCarthy, Catherine Tyaor. Amy
McGulre, Henry . Weaver. George H.
Marks, \VilUam . .. WUson, Hugh .
BAMBERGER— In Grass Valley, September 8,
1898. tsigmund, beloved husband of Bertha Bam-
berger, and brother of So omon S. Bamberger,
a native of Germany, aged. 53 years 5 months
and 17 days.
. Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
fullylnvi;ed to attend the, funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1451 McAllister streeu Interment
Home o' Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock a. U.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BESTIIOKN— In I'm city, September 9. 1896.
Edward H.. beloved son of Henry and Bertha
Jiesthorn and brother of Flossie Besthorn, a na-
tive of s»aa .Francisco, aged 1 mouth aud 22 days.
CONXELL— In this city. ember 8, 1899. Dan-
iel H., beloved son of Margaret and the l«ie
Dennis Council, and brother of J. E, Conuell of
San Diego, T. J. Connell. Mrs. T. McGrath and
Mr*. W. tjlebert. a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
«S~Frlen<is and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral Tills DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from the. resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Tbooxaa McGrath. 29
Sharon street, off Fifteenth, oenvs<<i Church
and Sanchez, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the reposa of his »oul, comtneno-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy . Cross
Cemetery.
DOBERNECKEK- Tn this cltr. September 8
1896, Rosa Dobernecker. beloved wlfe.or Rich-
ard DoDeruecker, a native of .Saxony, Germany,
aged 35 years 7 months and 25 days.
FITZ GERALD- In this city, September 7,18s I }.
j John, bolov-d husband Of Jtllia . Fitzgerald, and
beloved father of Anna Fitzgerald, h native of
Dungarven, County Waterford, Ireland, aged 52
years. . . • .
BSSTFrienrls End acquaintances Are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 a. M., from his late resi-
dence, 635 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
ricks Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. luteruien; Holy
Cios3 Cemetery. ' ' "
HERMANN— Tn this city. September 7,' 1893,
Henry L.. beloved husband of Catherine Her-
mann, and father of Mrs. C. P. Bangbman, a na-
tive of Lansshler, Bavaria, Germany, aged 61
yean and 1 day.
JBS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m . from his
late residence, 9 Belvedere street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, near Page
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'cioct a. v. ■ luteroicn: Holy
Cross Cemetery. , ■ ->t< !;.;?•
JACKSON— In Oakland, September 8. ]«ns. Rob-
ert Jackson, a native of Maine, aged 70 years 7
months and 29 days.
LARNED— In this city, September 8, 1*96. Joseph
G. Lamed. beloved husband of Georgia Victoria
Lamed, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 40
years and 1 month.
Friends and a'quaintances are respect-
ful, y Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), a", 2 o'clock p. St.. ■ from the par-
lors of tbe Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
LETTER— in Oakland, September 6, 1898. Jacob
Letter, a native of Kalian, Poland, aired 71 years
5 months and 28 days.
MCCARTHY— In this city, September 9. 1893,
Catherine, beloved wife of the late Patrick Mc-
Carthy and mother of C. W., J. F. and Daniel
McCarthy and Mrs. J. F. Kelling and Mrs. Wil-
liam Sheret. a native of Sklbbereen, County
Cork. Ireland, aged 61 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral SATURDAY,
September 12, at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from -rJate
residence, southwest corner of Army and San-
chez streets, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
 for the repose of her soul, commencing; at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
McGUIRE— In this city, September 9, 1898.
Henry, beloved husband of Bridget McGulre and
father of Thomas H. McGulre, Mrs. J. B. Wrin
and Mrs. J. F. BlaKe. a native of County Long-
ford, Ireland, aged 51 years.
MARKS— Alameda, September 9, 1896, Wil-
liam, beloved husbanl of flattie Marks and son
of the late John J. and Adelaid Marks and
brother of John L. Marks, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 27 years 6 mouths and 1 8 days.
MARCHANT— In Larkspur. Cal., September 8,
1896. Adrlen Marchant, beloved son of Aline
and the late Joseph Marchant and brother of
Mrs. a. Chalx, a native of Sun Francisco, aged
V! 9 years and 8 months.
JBarThe remain* will arrive THIS DAY
(Thursday), by the Sausalito ferry, at 1:15
o'clock p. m., thence to the Masonic Cemetery.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MOFFITT— In this city, September 9, 1896, Fran-
cis Matthew, beloved son of William and Julia
Moffitt, a native of ban ' Francisco, aged 8
months and 27 days.
NYMAN— In this city, September 9, 1896, Serena
Nyman. beloved wife of Andrew Nyman, sU:er
of Mrs. Bertua Olsen, Anna and Orriund Swend-
sen, a native of Norway, aged "6 years 1 month
and Ik days.
A3* Friends and ftcauaintances are' rr-spect-
fnllv Invited to attend me funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 1 o'clock P. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1206 Powhattan avenue, thence to Scan-
. dinavian Lutheran » hurch, Howard street, be-
tween Twelfth and Thirteenth, where funeral
service! will be held, commencing at '2 o'clock
p. if. Interment I. O O. F. Cemetery. •
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 8./1896. at his
residence. 813 Hyde street, John H. O'Brien,
beloved husband of Louise F. O'Brien ana father
of Myrah Evens, a native of New Bruns-
wick, N. J., aged 6."> yean 9 months and 20 days.
fNew Brunswick (N. J.) and Pullman and Chi-
cago (111 papers please copy.J -
£3"Friends and acquaintance* are rew»c'-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOUROW
(Friday), on arrival of special train at 11:46
o'clock a. M-, at Stockton, under the auspices of
. Stockton Comruandery No. 8, K. T., at cemetery.
PIERCE— In this city, September 7. 1896, Barbar
Oermarlna Mendinos de Pierce, a native of Chile,
aged 62 years 9 months and 22 days.
RUGGLES— In this city, September 9. 1593, Wil.
Ham Powers Ruggles, a native of Hardwick,
Mass., aged 73 years 9 mouths und 28 days.
[Springfield and Ware (Mass.) papers please
copy.J ■ .' ■
J3" Friends ana . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DaY
(Thursday), at i :30 o'clock p. M., from his late
residence, Fourteenth and Fair Oak. street. In-
terment private, Cypress Lawn Cemetery. .
RAVE— in the Cltv and Coin-.y Hospital, S»p-
temoer 9, 1398, Catherine Rave. airei 49 years.
STODDAKD— In this city, September 9, 1893,
Ella F., beloved daughter of James H. Stoddard
and sister of Jennie, James. Lilly, C buries. May
- and Alma Stoddard, a native of San Francisco,
aged 18 years. : • ,
TRIMMER— In this city, September 7. 1896, Wil-
Hum W. Trimmer, a native of Utah, aged 34
years 4 months and 19 days. .
TYSOR— In OaKland. September 8, 1898, Amy
Tysor. aged IS years and 4 days.
WEAVER-rAt Reedley, Fresno County, CaL,
September 7. 1896, George H. Weaver, a native
of Philadelphia, aged 72 years 6 months and ill
days. „
WILSON -Drowned near Stockton, September 7,
1896, Hugh Wilson, beloved son of John C and
Amies Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged
• 25 years. - ,
X^ Friends and acquaintances fire respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock P. m.. from the
residence of his parents, 663 Hobart street, Oak-
land. Interment I. o. O. F. Cemetery, San Fran-
cisco. Please omit flowers."
I N. S. G. W.— Oakland Parlor No. 60. : Officers and
members of Oakland Parlor N0. 60, N. X g. W..
are herein- notified to assemble at their lodge-
room THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1 o'clock
p. if., to a tend the funeral of our late brotaer,
■ Huirh Wilson. O. F. BREILING. President.
W. H. Babe, Recording Secretary. ,
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
ciation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of tbe members, will be celebrated in
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner streets,
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
Friends are Invited to attend. ....
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
DIRECTORS 4 EMBALMKRS.
20 Fifth- St., Opp. Lincoln School.
.Telephone 3080.
Jas. MtMknomey. Chas. JloMkxomky
JAMES McMENOMKY & SON,-:
UNDERTAKERS AND EJUBALMERS.
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
■-.-.■■ Telephone No. 8354. ■■•.-.• ,"
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to th* city; non-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Office &97 IkLarkM
street, southeast corner of Sixth. _
1314
THE PIONEERS
AT EL CAMPO
Successful Celebration of
Admission Day by the
'49-ers.
A GREAT THRONG THERE
Orator of the Day S. M. Short
ridge Makes a Telling
Address
AND STKIOS A HEAVY BLOW.
A Straw Vote Taken on the Boat
Elects McKinley by a Big
Majority.
El Campo saw a sight yesterday tbat
will probably be referred to forever in its
history as "that Admission day in '96."
Led by the Society of California Pioneers
a great throng of people in holiday dress
and holiday spirits — men, women and
children — spread itself out through the
groves of the beautiful resort, applauded
the orator, danced to the music and gen
erally did honor to the men who laid the
foundation of the commonwealth and to
the day they celebrate.
It was a beautiful day, beautifully cele
brated. The big ferry-boat Ukiah left her
wharf at 9:30 crowded wilh the merry
makers, ail her half-dozen flags flying and
Blum's big orchestra playing an inspirit
ing air.
The waters of the bay sparkled in the
sun and the colors of the craft anchored
and under way were heightened by it as
the exeursonists ran down past the Cnion
Iron Works to take a look at the Oregon
and otner craft stationed there. Return
ing close under Alcatraz, a landing was
made at £1 Campo a little before noon.
The great throng broke itself up into
luncheon parties, for the order of the day
had been. to "come provided."
It was nearly 1 o'clock when the assem
bly call was sounded and the concourse
gathered in the pavilion, where, after the
band had played a prelude, the president
of tne Society of Pioneers, Collis H. Root,
introduced the orator of the day, Samuel
M. fchomidee.
A burst of applause was followed by the
profound stillness of perfect attention.
Then the sonorous tones of the voice of
the orator filled the place, reaching to the
furthermost limits of the great . athering.
Mr. Shortridge was frequently interrupted
by bursts of applause that responded in
stantly as he touched the chord of patriot
ism or paid a tribute to the labors, the
achievements of and the honors due the
pioneers of the great Slate: Mr. Short
ridge said:
Mr. Chairman, .Ladies and Gentlemen:
Grateful to uod lor his manifoid blessings for
liberty, for all the precious fruits of civiliza
tion which we enjoy, proud of our State and
her achievements, we assemble here to-day,
matron and maid and sire and lad, to give ex
pression to our gratitude and to celebrate the
admission of California into our great and
enduring Union. We come irom all the differ
ent walks in liie. We are here with memories
carrying us back to homes scattered through
out the whole Union, to homes far beyond the
seas, but all united, all devoted, all proud of
our grand State of California. [Applause ]
We are here to c. lebrate in joy and thanks
giving the admission of California into the
sisternood of States. We are here to indulge
in pardonable pride in all we have accom
plished, all that we have done for civilization,
for the upliiting of man, for the opening of
avenues of labor and usefulness to women,
for all that we have accomplished foi the ben
efit of this State and her people. To me it is
an honor quite undeserved to be permitted to
pay a brief tribute to California and her
founders. We come to pay a poor tribute to
the noble meu and noble women to whose suf
fering, to whose dauntless spirit, to whose toil
and tears are due all tne glory of our State —
all we uave to-day, all we hope to have iv the
future. [Applause.] We are here to pay a
poor tribute to the pioneers oi California [ap
plause], to the men and the women who
turned their eves westward and here and upon
this western slope, wiihin sound of the man
ifold voices of the sea, planted the standard of
Christian civilization, under whose ample
folds we rejoice to-day. [Applause.]
Thus assembled, our minds turn backward
and we think of the early days of California.
We think of a time prior to 1849, aud the
quiet and dreamy civilization that flourished
here. We think of the news that went speed
ing over the mountains, across the plains, on
across the seas to all the people of th^ earth—
the news of the discovery of gold in this S'.ate;
and in our hearts and through our lips we
pay a tribute to Marshall, the discoverer of
gold. [Applause.] I cannot here, on this oc
casion, dwell at any length upon the eflect of
that news upon the world. Many of the gray
haired men and women before me lived at
that time and remember the condition of the
country and the effect of that news upon them
and the world.
Let this be recorded, as, indeed, it will be
recorded, that the westward march of the pio
neers was in a cause as inspiring, as praise
worthy, as noble as ever engaged the thoughts
or labors of men in all the history of the
world. Not for a sordid purpose, not for gain
merely did the pioneer turn his eye west
ward; no, he came here out of love of country
out of love of home to plant civilization, and
to lay the foundation of a great common
wealth. [Applause.] The story of that west
ward march, the toil, the tears, ihe struggles
the loug, weary long march across the plains,
over unbroken prairies, through undiscovered
canyons, over rocky mountains, tnrongh dark
ness and storm and dangers, is a theme to en
gage the pen of the poet, and to call forth all
the efforts of eloquence. That journey was
heroic; that army was composed of heroes.
You found a civilization hospitable and
generous, but not of the East. They, our
Spanish predecessors, had love of country, but
if there are descendants of th. m to-day here
assembled they must rejoice at the planting
of the banner of the morning stars here upon
this const.
How our State grew in wealth and numbers
you know full welL The pioneers came here
in search of gold, but they brought with tnem
a love of law, a love of order, a belief in free in
stitutions, a faith in constitutional govern
ment. Early a convention was called to frame
a constitution. A constitution was drafted
whose foundations were laid in justice and
equity and liberty, and whose every stone and
pillar was dedicated to the rights of man and
to Christian civilization. [Applause.]
A coiiHtituiion having been framed, you,
HEW TO-DAY.
EVERY humor, whether 'itching, 1 burning,
JDj bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
infancy, to age, are now speedily cured by
©ticura
A SKIN and blood purifier. of incomparable
purity and curative power. Purely vegeta-
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to :
. all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Cutictra, s>ci \
Soap. 25c.i Rerolvist. 50c. «nd $1. Poitcb D*u»
VUTD Coin. Coif., Sole Prop*., Boaton.
How M Cure Blood and Skin Humors," &••. /■
Pioneers, rapped at the door of Congress and
asked to be admitted Into the glorious Union.
What a struggle, what strife, what opposition,
what passions were engendered. Let us joy
fully remember that the State, by its constitu
tion, was dedicated to freedom, and that it
came into the Union with the garments of
freedom around her. Let us proudly remem
ber that our soil has never been pressed by the
feet of other than free meu. Goa bless Henry
Clay; God bless Seward; God bless all the
grand patriots of that hour who struggled and
lough t for the admission of our State with a
constitution dedicated to freedom.
Admitted into the Union, our progress has
been the wonder and the admiration of the
world. These populous ci'ies, these flourish
ing villages, these hillsides, these great fertile
valleys, our churches, our colleges, our courts
are the enduring monuments to you, Pioneers
of California. [Applause.]
Our State was founded by men, I repeat, who
believed in law and in order— who believed in
the laws which they had either enacted or
obeyed in their Eastern homes. You came
from the fertile South; from rock-ribbed New
England. You came from the prairies of the
West. You came from all quarters of our
common Union, and you came bearing in your
hands and in your hearts a be.ief in Christian
civilization and here you planted her stand
ard.
Prom the hour of its admission into the
Union in 1850 our State has always been true
to the principles which were crystalized in
her constitution. We have advanced not only
in a material sense; we have not only bur
rowed through our mountains to extract the
precious metals; we have not only tilled our
fields to brin? forth their rich fruits; we have
not only builded cities, but we have erected
courts of justice and maintained them; we
have erected colleges and sent forth men and
women who are an honor and a light to the
State; we have established a system of public
schools where rich and poor, high and low, ot
whatsoever color, may drink atjtiie fountain of
learning. [Appluuse.]
And lv every city and in every village the
spires pointing heavenward are evidences of
the lact that we have taught religious truth,
and, while attempting in a material way to
better our condition, have pointed the way to
a blessed immortality. As, in a material sense,
the btate has progressed so, intellectually, the
State has risen, morally the State has grown.
in all that goes to make an intelligent and
righteous people California stands to-day
proudly beside her sisters of the Union. [Ap
piause.] And whatsoever we have of which we
are proud, whatsoever we have that makes the
youth of this State grateful, whatsoever we
possess that makes us hopeful, we owe iv full
measure to the pioneer men and women who
laid the foundation of this magnificent com
monwealth.
We think to-day of the progress made. In
population we have increased; in all the ma
terial comforts we have surpassed all other
States in the Union. God feave us— he has
spread out before us to-day the grandest State
upon the rolling earth. [Applause.] .We
have here that which you early recognized—
not only wealtn of the mountains but greater
perennial, unfailing wealth of the valleys aud
of the sea. Our mountains, standing like sen
tinels of liberty, have given ironi their coffers
wealth to enrich the State and the world. But
while our mountains may (though it will be
long and far distant)— while they may become
exhausted of their wealth, our great fertile
valleys and this rich, frothful sea will be here
as long as God permits the earth to roll in its
orbit. Ana these are the stories of our wealth,
the mountains, the valleys and the sea.
Pioneers of California, pioneers in planting
civilization, pioneers in the discovery and in
the mining of the precious metals, pioneers in
the culture of the valleys, pioneers in com
merce, you have set an example tor this and
for future generations. In your devotion to
material things you have never lost sight of
these truths; that there are some things more
precious than gold; there are some things
more to be desired than silver; there are some
things dearer and more precious than the
material things oi earth. You have taught us
that truth and justice and liberty are the
things that ennoble, crown and dienify the
human race. [Applause.] And our ehufrches
to-Jay, from who^e pulpits ris>e upon the
breath of prayer, thanks to man aud
grwtitude to God — colleges which are send
ing forth a stream of light to illumine this
western world — our churches and schools
are preaching that which, the pioneers
preached, that which the pioneers taught.
They came here bearing the civilization,
loving New England, tne Eastern, the Middle
and the Southern .SLates, leaving behind them
the memories of youth, the farmhouse, the
little churchyards where their fatners sleep—
came here to buiid homes, to found a State.
And we to-day can show but poor gratitude by
word of praise, i' will be poor gratitude to
pronounce the word of eulogy unless we dedi
cate ourselves to the great work which they
commenced.
The young men and young women of this
State have In the pioneer fathers and mothers
of California an example of industry and of
labor which they may profitably emulate.
Oh, pioneers, you who stood at the cradle of
the State, who rocked its infancy, who nur
tured, who sustained it, be of good cheer!
Though age is whitening your locks, though
your eyes are not bright, your steu not firm,
your form not erect and strong, as in otner
days, yet do you live in the hearts, and you
will forever live in the memory aud gratitude
of your children. [Great apulaust.]
On this great day of celebration we cannot
pronounce the names of the many men who
took part iv building this our commonwealth.
Many rote to high and distinguished (.laces,
many represented the State in executive
chairs, many spoke for her in legislative halls.
Many have pursued the more quiet and, per
haps, the more desiraole pathways of private
life. Many have carved their way as pioneers
of science, and borne her sacred torch far to
the front. Mauy have established institutions
of learning which will be a light for all the
Children of men throughout the years to come.
And as we stand or sii here with this
beaut ful expanse oi water stretching before
us, almost within hearing of yonder ocean, we
think at this moment of him, "your benefactor
the benefactor of this Society of Caliicrnia
Pioneers and of California— the benefactor of
all mankind — of him who sleeps yonder under
the silent stars upjn Mount Hamilton. [Ap
plause.] And bo long as the sun in his coming
shall kiss and glorify our mountain-tops, so
long as yonder sea rolls in and breaks upon
the Golden Gate, so long as the stars look
down sentinel above his tomb, so long will
future generations remember with gratitude
the benefactions of James Lick. [Applause.]
Pioneers, we have not erected a monument
to you ; we cannot erect a tui'.abie monument
to you. If there be any monument worthy of
you it is the great State which you have
founded, the great institutions of learning
which you have planted, the great super
structure of civil government which you
have erectea. We cannot hope on this occa-
S;On to dwell in deiail upon the progress of
our State. It is in evidence before us. It is in
evidence in our increasing commerce, in our
manufactories, in the increasii g acreage of
our fields, in tne increasing domestic com
merce within our borders and reaching toward
the East and the West. We are progressing
materially, intellectually and, let us hone and
believe, morally.
The younger generation can do no more than
to keep the State where you have left it. We
can do no more than to strive to do that, and
with earnest devotion and with a zeal perhaps
to be compared with yours, we can Btrive to
plant the banner of civilization a little further
onward and a little higher upon the mountain
heights of prosperity aud righteousness. [Ap
plßU6C]
An occasion such as this, fellow-citizens,
should not be passed by without causing us to
think of our duties. The pioneer's work has
not been fully performed, thougn he is entitled
to rest and praiie. The work which he com
menced must be carried forward. The young
men and the young women of this State must
look to tnat example and follow it. The
young men ana the young women upon whom
will rest the responsibilities of government
must see to it that the work of the pioneer
fathers and mothers is carried on, and that the
State's interests, materially and intellectually,
shall be guarded and deiended.
I have no fear, nor should you pioneers have
fear that in the keeping of the-native sons
and native daughters of this State, and in the
keeping of the young men and young women
who hail from other States ttie welfare of Cali
fornia will be safe. [Applause.] Foriv-six
years ago our State was admitted into the* Un
ion. Forty-six years ago she was clothed with
Statehood and entered into a generous rivalry
with Ms'erS.ates. I undertake to say and I
do proudly say that no Btate in the Union has
done more for charity, more for the poor and
suffering than our State of California. [Ap
plause.]
This State, fellow-citizens, has gathered to
her men of all races, oi all the States of the
Lnion, and practically ol all the countries and
nations of the earth. We have stood true and
steadfast. He have been threatened at times
with an inundation from the East, we were
threatened with a tidal wave which would
have swallowed up our churches, our colleges,
our Christian civilization. We were threat
ened witn a wave which would have engulfed
the State and lost it to you aud to :;.e, but the
spirit that founded this State, that put her
into the Lnion, triumphed, and Christian
civilization and not Asiatic barbarism flour
ishes in California to-day. [Applause 1
And so we are here to think of our progress,
to take note of the journey and particularly
to rejoice upon our ttdra ission into the Union
It seems to me that the heart of the pioneer
must swell with pride when he thinks of the
work that has been done ana reflects that he
was a participant in that glorious work. And
it neems to me that thedyingeye of the pioneer
might well be lighted up with'asmile when he
thinns that he will be embalmed torever in the
love and gratitude of those wio follow him.
[Applause.]
Pioneers of California, you who came here
in early days, you who have done this great
work, you who have laid many of your fel
lows away forever we here to-day pay you the
poor tribute of your love and prais"-. No
words can tell you, no eulogy can portray, no
flight of fancy or words from the heart can ex
press the deep sense of gratitude which we
your children feel toward you, and the rever
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1896.
ence In which we have placed you. [Ap
plause.]
We, the young men and women are here,
the young people of California are here
to pay you this tribute and to bid you be of
good cheer; to be proud of the work which
you have wrought.
Californians, ladies and gentlemen, this to
us should be a day of thanksgiving as well as
of rejoicing. It should be a day of tears, but
not tears of agony. 1 1 should be a day of re
joicing, and I borrow the thought, as you will
perceive, of our greatest statesman, day of
exultation and of gratitude.
We should not let this day pass without re
dedicating ourselves to the great work before
us, and that work is the building up of the
State and the preservation of all that we have,
and the reaching out for that which is better
and more to be desired.
We should here to-day, fellow-citizens, con
secrate ourselves to our State and, oh, it to me
is a proud thought that through all the
aangers which our dear country has passed, in
the darkest hour, in the wildest storm, in
darkness, and in doubt, California stood, es
she will ever stand, for the constitution and
the union. [Great applause.]
And now, lellow-citizens, what is our great
overshadowing duty ? It is to hold high aloft
the banner of civilization; it is to hold hich
aloft in the forefront of the nations of the earth
the great and blessed glorious banner of civili
zation. And what is that banner? Thank
God, it is the banner of our fathers, the Star
spangled Banner ol the Nation. [Great ap
piause.J
The banner which is emblematic of the
struggles, of the sufferings, of the tears, of the
triumphs of the mothers and the fathers of the
Revolution; the banner which is emblematic
oi freedom to worship God in temple or in
forest, freedom of conscience, free lips aud free
hands; the banner emblematic of an indis
soluble Union and indestructable State.
And so here to-day, on this 9th of Septem
ber, in this year of our Lord 1896, let us utter
a fervent prayer that the State may endure,
that she may grow in wealth materially, that
she may advance in all the civic virtues; that
her constitution may always be preserved;
that her institutions of learning may be pre
served ; that her people may be prosperous and
righteous, and that this banner of our civiliza
tion may forever float above our fertile valleys
and from our maun tain tops, over a happy, a
righteous, an independent people.
Our State of California, may she ever stand
lor light, for progress and for liberty.
Prolonged applause followed and ttie
band burst into a medley of patriotic airs.
Miss Frazie Cleveland, a daughter of C.
D. Cleveland, recited in a very telling
manner the poem of the day, written by
her father and entitled "The Pioneer.' 1
She was warmly applauded.
Now the stage was cleared, the orchestra
got in tune with Strauss and dancing was
begun and continued until the whistle
blew for the return at 5 o'clock.
The celebration was on the whole one
of the most successful in the history of
the society. The committee in charee
was composed of: E. T. Kruge (chairman)
R. Vandercook, C. M. Plum, C. J. Kine,
Peer Tiffany and John F. Pinkham. Mr.
Vandercook served as floor manager for
the dancing.
A poll was taken of the men on the boat
who wished to vote, the result being: For
McKinley 201, Bryan 66, Palmer 1, for
woman suffrage 140, against 121.
It might be mentioned that there is a
striking machine at El Campo for a test of
strength, a creat iron-bound sledge being
used. Among the athletes who hammered
the thing ail day but one man "rang the
bell," striking the heaviest blow possible
on the machine. George H. Cabaniss
struck the next best blow, 2250, and S. M.
Shortridge, his Prince Albert buttoned up
to the collar as he appeared before his
audience, came next, striking 2150. The
feat was greeted with as hearty applause
as was the best turned period of his
oration.
The last of the excursionists arrived in I
the City shortly after 6 o'clock, and the
Admission day picnic of the pioneers for I
1896 was over.
DR. BROWN'S SUCCESSOR
Rev. Dr. Adams of St Louis to
Be Called as Temporary
Supply.
Apparent Unarrm ty of Action by
the Divided Membership of the
First Church.
Deacon Morse has at last been check
mated. Thoee members of the First Con
gregational Society known during the
Brown trial as the "opposition" have
made their demand that the church build
ing be opened and that demand has been
heeded.
Last night the prayer-meeting of the
society wes held in the church building.
Mr. Morse, as senior deacon, presided.
The usual hymns and testimonies were
given, after which the business meeting
convened.
Deacon Morse opened the proceedings
by reading a quantity of correspondence
having reference to the supplying of the
First Congregational pulpit. The first let
ter was from Edward Kimball, formerly a
mmber of the First Congregational
Church of this City, but now of St. Louis.
He said he had beard of the present sad
state of affairs in the church lately under
the pastoral charge of Dr. Charles O.
Brown, and recommended that the Rev.
Dr. Geor/e C. Adams of St. Louis be asked
to supply the pulpit for the time being.
Some other correspondence was read,
and at length a letter from Dr. Adams was
repeated to the assembly. The reverend
ppntleman said his present salary was
$3500 a year, and he would expect at least
an equivalent should he come to this City,
seeing that he had occupied the pulpit of
the ComDton Congregational Church in
St. Louis for the past fifteen years at that
salary.
Rev. Mr. Warren said he had heard Mr.
Adams preach, and regarded him as a
most desirable man for the place.
Deacon Barnard agreed with Mr.
Warren. He said Dr. Adams had built up
a uowerful church in St. Louis, and would
be just the man tor the place.
Other speakers followed in the same
strain, after which Mr. Warren moved
that Dr. Adams be called to supply the
pulpit. The motion being? seconded by
Attorney Charles G. Nagle was put to a
vote and carried unanimously.
It is expected ttiat the Rev. Dr. Adams
will arrive here within a fortnight. Mean
while members of the church are anxi
ously awaiting the action of the Bay Con
ference at its meeting in December.
TO-NIGHT'S MEETINGS.
Plenty of Speakers and Lots of
Entertainment.
There will be several Republican meet
ings to-night, to be addressed by good
speakers, the speeches to be interspersed
with music and other forms of entertain
ment.
The Phoenix Club is determined to main
tain its prestige for the excellence of its
speakers and of its special features of en
tertainment. This evening's meeting will
be no exception to the rules, for one of the
best in the field, Colonel T. V. Eddy, will
address the club in Scottish Hall, and will
tell what he saw and heard during his re
cent canvass of the southern part of the
State. There will be singing, recitations
and instrumental music
The Thirty-seventh and Thirty-eighth
Assembly District clubs will meet to-night
in Mowry's Hall. The meeting will be
called to order by George A. Wentworth,
chairman of the joint executive commit
toe. General John F. Sheehan will pre
side. .Addresses* will be made by Con
gressman-Loud, John T. Dare. E. 1. Wolfe,
O. K. McMurray and Judge W. W.Allen.
Club 2 of the Thirty-second Assem
bly District will meet this eveninz in Ro
lando " Hall, corner of Twenty-eighth and
Church ■ streets. Congressman Loud and
other speakers will address the meeting.
• » «
New pictures and frames f >r fall trade are
here; fine and cheap. Sanborn, Vail & Co. • -
A divorce cannot be procured in South
Carolina. Only death causes a legal sepa
ration in that State.
^i uw L'-.r^--r- rss^^^^^n^s NEW TO-PAY— DRT^ GOODS. -' : -'^} ...'. . .'■  -^s~~ —
2 IMPORTED DRESS GOODS. 2
§ '^^ )>>^!y^^rrrf 1 X- Is doing a great deal toward making the store more popular and active. 13?
§ ' \ J llfril I/I A little more pressure this short week— 6 days' business to crowd into g
1 L T T^T tTjl\-i W * ive# A 6 nere and a 6 there nipped from regular profit permit of the 5
2 jifiuAV§^ accomplishing. Our 6" da y sales are giving elasticity to dollars as never £
out ot their case* they are tumbting-the before, and keen us very busy daily up to AP. M., our closing hour. sr:
Sir: cream of the far East. Every yard at special ' *•»*« »^ww H mo t m"* j ■ j r - '. i-TT.^? \ a -^
a^Z sale price while the SIXES run. . r^J
% DRESS GOODS. SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES. Notions and Fancies, g
3 $3™ This week we are offering the best values in San Francisco in . Ar^^^S 1 5 n . A 2i I> uS < SiS^? £& -S
g^: plaid effect; 38 inch. Price suit Hemmed and Hemstitched Pillow Cases and Sheets. work - _ -—
No. 12 BV3C a yard :^
—^ — : No. 16 lUc a yard
S? FANCY BOTJCLE SUITING- 44 Inches HEMMED SHEETS, for large double beds, 81x90 inches, ready for QA» VnaVt MaM 12c a yard
wide. Black loops peep on* over a cjc.2s use, good grade sheeting. Special vt/v uavu. FANCY ' COLORED BORDERKD
-^ solid-color ground. A handsome is)O — . HANDKERCHIEFS, hemstitched OC i 2
r^J creasing. Price Suit SHEETS, hemmed and ready for use, good grade, torn by hand, for QrxA'FqAli edge, good quality for school children. O
single beds, 54x90 inches. Special 000 KMKill, Special :..„...... Each t^
S» ENGLISH MOHAIR— 4S inches wide PILLOW CASES, medium size, hemmed and ready for use, torn by 1A A P<ial| BABY RIBBON— Picot edge, 10 yards -?•
=5 . crossed by heavy lines of raised blacli q 7.00 hand, dry ironed, size 45x36. Special f IUC MCU. to a bolt color, yellow orange car- QCfc
Tr - " threads a rtrh combination K«-nd »th I__ ■ ' dinai, scarlet, old rose, Isile, shrimp, O »—
g- forsampiet Price? ... Holt PILLOW CASES, for large-sized pillows, a two-inch nem, well finished. jOi^ r a «|, black and white. Special Pi ece -^
Si • 50x36 inches, extra quality. Special I<3 2 C liOlU. _^
— ■• , -... FANCY MESH VElLlNG— Chenille dot, "I r c fc:
000 a ««,,,„ „„ xrr^T T.nrr^T™ PILLOW CASES, for the very largest pillows, 2-inch hem, fine muslin, IK* Vn»h fine assortment, aa exceptional value. 10 £=
£ A D |«b? O BrIS2SSS« 1 n.50 no dressing.* Very special 1»C IM. Special _ Yard eQo
»— colored Mohair loops are beautifully «mJ.U ; — ■ ■ • d-vtttiv/i bti it x<i^« n«^ «« „«!«  —^
set off by a rich, dark ground. Price W Suit . . SO^wds to alw" Spwlafthta 4 C^
£ — LINENS, COTTONS, BLANKETS, BEDSPREADS. sJ«.!Lr^.*=;j* 4. 5
21 VENETIAN' BROCHE— A creation of „ SATEEN PILLOW COVERS— SO Inches AfiC "^
3- h h a e n d ro!a°e n de^^o^r SKS SH— We are headquarter* for Linens. We buy direct for. cash. 3SSN3XS«i? KaiTkt" 830 " 611 Lch £
s^l ground. Very swell just now. Price Suit " *-«.u __^
:^» ■.;..- ALL-LINEN HUCK TOWELS, size 18x36 inches, fringed, as absorbent 1A« P.inli or embroidery, 10 continuous yards^to 4° fc:
2- SPECIAL at 65c YARD— Heary Black Bro- as the desert sands, on sale for this week at lvu Utlliu. a piece, no patching, good colors Roll
caded Gros Grain SilK, in medium and large ~" " "'; *"^
m^ designs, 19 Inches wide. We guarantee this UNBLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, 56 inches wide, a superior heavy t)Fv« Yir/1 FLUTED CHINA CUPS AND SAU- -^
-^ to be all pure Silk. quality, on sale this week at &t ™ IiHU. CERS, gilt edge, different styles. ICC fc;
Z^ ■ Special * 10
•— BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, all pure linen, superior quality, extra -. . .
21 bPECIALAT6ScYARD-Allofonrplaln,change- wide. 66-tnch 50c Yard.
— « able Taffeta Silks, 19 inches wide, 85 , color 70-inch 75c Yard. »—
ZT combinations. % size Napkins to match .~... 52 dozen. IfliTPf 1151 r»nil»ri + C S^
T^ DUCK SUITINGS, light colors, not value to equal in Frisco, 12^c ft- Vn r A V/UICI VJcll IllCll Id. -^
S SPECIAL AT 66c YARD-A line of Black Ben- kind. On sale.. VOIIUU.
£ fncTs widt. 'a COTTON BLANKETS, white, with colored border, for single beds, a f^ ™^™*J t £™*™£>»>>£ £
»- } ■ • " bound with velvet, 5 yards wIde;CJ»C.OO -*»
3 SPECIAI AT 7R,yAT>Ti fT-rtr. tt .^, to v CHINTZ-COVERED COMFORTERS, filled with the purest and clean- this cannot be duplicated for $7. Our $> J_ p^.
25 Saun^tri™ Taffltt s?ik t^i?2? inlh tmL est ° f while batting, colored lining, for full-sized beds, the best tf»l OX p^l, prlce Each
i-'i^arthTSK^ybklSi. lll^.^ Comfort value in town. On sale MM MCll. LADIES . separate^Tirts- figured =S
lar price is $1 a yard. BEDSPREADS, things you need are the things we advertise, these wKlv'eTs l^M.' r'eMit S3' 0 ° S
Z^J for instance-for double beds, $1.25 kind, all hemmed and ready AX» n-.i. r Vrice i ' reguUr ♦*• ®*>—-
SPECIAL AT 75c YARD-A lot of our «1 and to use, Marseilles patterns. A leader at <J«MJ. ud\JU. .—^^ ; J * aca _^
—« *1 25 Heavy Black Brocaded Silk, full 22 TOnrTl , wnft , „ , vlrl , Ta nrtt . th» X( _ ho «^ fl ,,- v . _,„__,.. 35 CHILDREN'S REEFBR JACKETS, r«
1^ inch. We guarantee this to be all pure .silk WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, one of the big, heavy, fluffy, warm-as- In navy and brown, elegant value fl!>i.sO fc:
2; and the best dye. These specials are good for toast kind, 10-4 size, as pure and as satisfactory as a blanket can «»9 A A P-iin ages 4to 14 years. Our price com- 3d I— - 5=
•»— five days only. be. Wonderful value at <p«MJV lull. mencing to-morrow Each -*
— «g | , ~7*
mAI .H, rlrcl )J> Incorporated I
2 jL Jl_X m. JL___4 JL__4 fi_-^ JL^JV^^^y © © r H
1 937 to 945 Market Street. I
TOM GEARY BOLTS
TWO BAD PLANKS
He Flatly Refuses to Stump
the State for
Bryan.
REASONS FOR DECLINING
Cannot Indorse the Anarchistic
Platform of the Rump
Democracy.
REPUBLICANS IN SOLID LINE.
The Democratic Party in California
Demora ized — A Tidal Wave
of Home Rule.
As surely as the tides in the bay ebb
and flow, so surely is the tide of protection
rising all over California, and it will con
tinue to rise until it reaches its flood on
the 3d of next November.
The Democratic forces are already demor
alized beyond repair. Every day comes the
news of some well-known life-long Demo
crat breaking away from the party of
anarchy and free trade, and demanding
that the languishing industries of the Pa
cific Coast be rehabilitated. The scouts
sent out through the community by the
Democratic leavers have returned with
discouraging reports, to the effect that
citizens generally decline to trust the
affairs of the country into the hands of
the Democracy for another four years.
The latest gap in the front rank is the
passive defection of ex-Congressman
Thomas J. Geary of the First District.
Mr. Geary was requested by the Demo
cratic State Central Committee to stump
the State for Bryan and free trade, and
politely declined. When asked for iis
reasons, he replied that he was neither a
gold Democrat nor a silver Democrat, but
a Democrat of the old school, and he could
not by a public appearance on the stump
during the present campaign lend hia
assent to the plant in the Chicago plat
form denouncing the Supreme Court of
the United States— a plank which had too
much of a Jack Cade flavor to be indorsed
by any conservative, law-abiding citizen.
It taupht contempt oi the hig eat legal
tribunal in the land, the overthrow of
which would be a fatal blow at the
liberties of the people.
Mr. Geary also refused to support the
plank condemning President Cleveland
lor calling out the United States troops to
remove the obstructions to the forward
ine of the United States mails.
Mr. Geary declares himself out of poli
tics during this campaign. He will be a
looker on, and there is a suspicion afloat
that he will not weep when Major McKin
ley shall have been declared duly elected
President of the United States.
The Republican party of this State is
splendidly organized and is doing excel
lent campaign work. Workingmen and
business men have had their eyes opened
to the preat necessity lor protection.
Italian, French, German, Scandinavian
and Spanish newspapers published in this
City and read by a constituency number
ing 50.000, have hoisted the banner of Mc-
Kinley and protection and are doing good
work every day with hammer and tongs
for the cause. Already a. Gormen McKin
ley club has been organized with an active
subscribing membership of 1800, and nat
uralized citizens of the other nationalities,
notably the Spanish and Italian, have
formed themselves voluntarily into clubs
in order to push on the good work.
The iatest example of growing strength
is the organization in this City a few even
ings ago of a club composed almost exclu
sively of Democrats who have repudiated
Bryan and free trade and who have volun
tarily pledged themselves to make the
fight for protection to Dome products.
They are tired of the competition of Eng
lish pauper labor.
Edward Baker of Los Angeles visited
the rooms of the Republican State Central
Committee yesterday afternoon and made
a good report of the feeling in that county.
The Democrats were very noisy down
there, but the Republicans were quietly
doing much *>ff' ctive work.
W. W. Studder of Petaluma reports that
around tlie best poultry center in the
State the majority of the farmers, labor
ers and business men are for protection
and will render a good account of them
selves on election day.
James J. Dolan of Conlterville, formerly
a hotbed of free trade and Democracy,
finds an entirely different condition of
affairs in that vicinity now. The wool
raisers and others have had an object les
son as to the beauties oi the Democratic
system of tariff for revenue oniy, and
they have been hit so hard in the pocket
by it that they will not soon forget the
experience. The demand for the protec
tion of home products and home rule for
America regardless of the interests of
British manufacturers is growing 3tronger
and more persistent every day.
Hart Downer, editor bf the Crockett
Record, a sturdy Republican, has a good
word to say about the ioyalty of his part
ol the State. Republicanism is all right
in Crockett.
What's the mutter with Crockett T
O'Bryan and Sewall can't knock it
Nor can the Democracy stock It:
And thai's what's tne man r with Crockett.
Poetical San Franciscans are composing
campaign doggerel. The following are the
latest instances:
There was a young man from Nebraska;
He could drive all th- seals from Alaska,
Wl.h the wind of his jaw
And the noisy hee-baw
That declared him to be a jaekasska.
There wasa yount; spontar from Lincoln
Who went to New \ork with a think on:
But when he cot there
Not a man, I declare.
Cared a for the spouter from Lincoln.
Colored Republicans In Line.
The colored Republicans of California
will formally open the campaign for Mc-
Kinley and Hobart by a monster mass
meeting, to be held next Monday night at
the Auditorium, corner of Jones and
Eddy streets, under the ausDices of the
Afro-American League. The speakers of
the evening as now announced are Hon.
George A. Knight, Rev. H. J. Coliis, W.
E. Henderson and Hon. Thomas Pearson.
All the white Republican clubs in the City
have been invited to attend, special invita
tions being issued to the Ingleside McKin
ley Club, Women's Afro-Arneriran League,
and the Colored American McKinley Ciub.
The gallery and stage have been reserved
for the ladies and their escorts, so it is ex
pected tbat a large number of the gentler
sex will be in attendance. T. B. Morton
of the Afro-American League has been se
lected as the president of tne evening.
Now in San Quentin.
John But'.er was consigned to San Quentin
from the Connty Jail yesterday. Butler's
crime was burglary, for which he was sen
tenced to ten vears' penal servitude by Judge
Troutt last Tuesday.
Oni million will read "Mechanics 1 Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell Kollins,22 Clay.*
& Waiting
THURSDAY— FRIDAY—SATURDAY.
Wood Tooth Picks, box ..2k
regularly sc; good quality.
French Sardines, large tins — 2Ce
Usine Palmer's, small fish.
Cherries in Miraschino, bot — 65c
regularly 90c
Tea... ...... .35e ; 3 lbs. $1.00
regularly 50c
Old Pepper Whiskey, qt bot — 75e
regularly $1.00 "
Claret and White Wine, gal — 35c
regularly 50c
Mall Order."; Receive Prompt Attention.
rathJeOros.,
21 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR, MARKET.
Telephone Main 5533.
Branch : 3253 Fill more St., cor/ Lombard.
Telephone West 152.
WRITE FOR SEPTEMBER CATALOGUE. I
YOU ?^^^^^fe
l%f/////M/'Z/^m&&>±. -11-O You wUI find one coupon
(Jjy^Tf,. WSA^^^^m li i'l i!f and two coupons inside each
KlnTI-iIMG *wMt i_f__dlYra!l : If' >''\ four ounce bagofßlackwell's
nUini** JwM #%W^=li I I'A Durham. Buy a bag of this
niITTUr UP -^Jl' s£%/&''''' I Pi celebrated tobacco and read
DU I IrlL ""^ "i^^yT**>i ,1 — 1 'T the coupon— which gives a
f*r-*n 1 1 Ml* ~s^x%anM list of valuable presents and
GENUINE 1 how to get them.
"HE THAT WORKS EASILY WORKS SUC-
CESSFULLY." 'TIS VERY EASY TO
CLEAN HOUSE WITH
SAPOLIO
5000
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Eastern Florist.
IX VARIETIES
As follows:
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGo wan, 1
Wiliara Scott, ■} Silver Spray, I—..
Day Break, li> tn t Hinsies White, |- wnlte -
Tidal Wave, >*u.ls. white wln!fi J
Grace WUder, • J ;; Gold Fincn, Oold, Yellow.
American Flag— Striped.
These plants are well-grown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to th«
trade at reasonable rates,
T.G.AMSmONG&SON
FLORISTS, ETQ,
Kose Aye. Nurseries.
Addr. ss:
Mills College P. P., Alnmeda Co.. Cal.
If X^ii il B l ' fAP^W^fflS
r i?» 1 1 ■I v yilawjfc^
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc.
CURED BY
Espic's Cigarettes, or Powder
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York, E. & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
PHAELEB H. PHIIjLIP3, ATTORXBY-A.T-
\J law and Notary Public, tJM ilarkes at, oppo
111* aUce Hotel. Telep_ou« 670t KtnldtrW 14 U
kviiv. 'l«lepbonft -ria#" XrtL