VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 38.
OLD GLORY
UNFURLED,
Commodore Sloat's Historic
Banner Raised at
Monterey.
SCENES OF YEARS AGO
RE-ENACTED.
Streets . of the Quaint Town
Threaded by a Brilliant
Pageant
TRIBUTE OF MASONS TO THE
CONQUEROR.
Members of the California Grand
Lodge Dedicate tbe Sioat
Monument.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 7.— lt is thirty
six hours since Monterey has been asleep.
The festivities began at daylight yesterday
morning, and have continued without in
termission ever since. Never in the his
tory of the old town have there been so
many people here, nor is there likely to be
again for many lone years to come — possi
bly not until the next semi-centennial cele
bration. All day yesterday the trains of
the Southern Pacific came rolling in at in
termissions of only a few hoars, and there
were crowds on each — vast crowds. No
body has made an effort to actually count
them, but a conservative estimate places
tbe number at about 12,000.
And what a good-natured throng it is.
Accommodations gave out early in the
day and yet the people kept coming. There
were no beds; they-«oulcl take cots. Soon
there were no co:s and a blanket in a cor
ner was acceptable. By 10 o'clock at night
even the blanket was not to be had, but
nobody grumbled. Why should they?
T eie was amusement for all, so they
BUyed up all night. It was "on with the
dance" until the gray of dawn lightened
the eastern horizon.
Such a night has, very likely, never
been known in the modern history of Cali
fornia. The streets were filled with
throngs of people, laughing and dancing
and partaking of the pclid and liquid re
freshments offered by the Spaniards.
Bright lights burned in all of the build
ings and music tilled the »ir. Some of the
multitude who had no accommodations
attempted to sleep in chairs, but such a
thing was not permitted. The merry
makers awakened them and cbided them
for getting tired. Who should get tired
on such a night, when there was so much
happiness on all sides? Plenty of time to
sleep when the celebration was over.
Breakfast in Monterey this morning was
a memorable one. Fully 5000 people ate
in the open air. Barbecued meat was the
diet of the multitude. Of course there
was coffee, drunk from tin cups, and oh!
so acceptable after the long night of pleas
are. It was truly a novel feast. The
fires for cooking the meat were lighted
last Sunday morning and have not been
out since. With all the hilarity of the
night there was not a single disturbance.
All was joy and merriment and not until
daylight came did the dancers cease, and
then only to begin the festivities of the
day.
The eastern sky this morning was the
harbinger of a perfect day.' Not a cloud
was in sight and the sun rose over the
pine-covered hills with unusual grandeur.
Before it was an hour high the air was
filled with a gentle warmth that was grate-
Hon. Harry A. Green, General Man
ager of the Celebration at
Monterey.
ful to tbe throngs of people at the celebra
tion. It made them feel sure of the suc
cess of ilie clay's celebration. They walked
the streets and enjoyed the unusual sijrhis
on all sides. Some went to the beach and
watched the sun chase the mists of night
out over tbe blue waters of the Pacific.
Old Sol did his best and never shone
brighter. Tne sky was at its bluest and
the waves dancea around the white sides
of the warships as if they, too, were glad
to celebrate the day.
The first part of the day's programme
was set for 10 o'clock, but long before that
hour the streets were a moving mass of
humanity. A geulle breeze set the bright
colored bunting decorations to flapping,
and this added greatly to the liveliness of
the scene. When the parade formed in
line to march to the scene of tie corner
stone-laying the people went wild witn
enthusiasm and cheered the different
actors iv the day's ceremonies lustily, j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SENATOR JOHN WARWICK DANIEL, WHO WAS CHOSEN TEMPORARY CHAIRMAN OF THE
NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC CONVENTION.
The procession of those who were once
residents of old Monterey was too much
for many of the citizens to observe with
out emotion. There were half a dozen
men in the line who once mads Monterey
their home, but had not been here for over
a quarter of a century. The si^nt of them
caused pleasure to many of the old-timers
who had stayed at home, and numerous
were the reunions of friends.
But the procession m ived on to the top
of the hill, where the cornerstone was
laid, and all the ceople followed. After
the ceremonies they came back to town
again and saw the big parade move to the
flag-raising at the old Custom-house.
They saw tbe army's and the navy's war
riors pass in review, and the pretty
Queen's goddesses standing on glittering
floats. They saw tne lovely girls who
represented the counties of the Golden
State and the sweet little fairies who pro
duced the livine flag. They saw these
things and many more while the flags
waved ana the bands prayed.
Then up to the Custom-house, where
the dramatic flag-raising of half a century
ago was repeated. There were addresses
S. J. Duckworth, Secretary of the
Monterey Celebration Committee.
and speeches by men who knew all about
the flag-raising, and the crowd moved
back to town to see the Mexican games in
the streets, the races and the other con
tests, and when darkness came and din*
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, JULY 8, 1896.
I " j
I ner. had been eat-n, to take an the dance
. and merriment in the pavilion.
•A.'.i i •: »: , . .*. . ..■:■•■■.■
LAYING THE CORNERSTONE.
Ma font Jfay a Tribute to the Memory of
'■■ ' f'nmnio&ar* Slant. ■■ " '■■'
MONTEREY,'^ Cal., July 7.— The cere
< monies attending the laying of the corner
stone of the SJoat monument at Fort Hal
leck began promptly !at the hour ; ap
pointed, for it was well understood by
every one connected with the celebration
that not a minute could be wasled'if the
long programme was to be 1 carried out be
fore nightfall. At 9:30 a. Mi the soldiers
and marines landed. They marched up
Alvarado street to where the Grand Lodge
of Masons was holding a morning session.
A half hoar later the procession was
formed and moved toward the military"
reservation south .of >■ Monterey, where the
monument is to stand. ...
The parade was quite imposing, though
not the equal of . the street pageant of. the
celebration, proper. Major Sherman-Jed,'
on horseback. The position of honor was
given. to ; Lieutenant-Commander Royal
R. Ingersol of the flagship Philadelphia,
and he was accompanied by naval officers. 1
The Marine. 'Band "was ■ next in line. :
Marines, in their blue uniforms and white
caps, came after the band, and then the
sailors of the Philadelphia and. Monad
nock. They were dressed in blue, but
wore white caps. /.Monterey, Lod^e of
Masons, to ! the number of 100, Jollowed,
wearing - blue and white regalia. The
Grand Ledge, F. and A. M., of California
marched behind; an imposing aggregation, 'l
with' their gold and white ' insignia and
staffs of office. Veterans of, the Mexican
i War were largely represented. They wore
uniform hats and their ! honored badges.
The .' remainder of the procession : com
prised naval officers and prominent citizens
in carriages. ♦
-The line of march was along Alvarado
street to the ola Custom-house, to Decatur
street, and thence along Lighthouse road
to the reservation. The . veterans fell out
at the Custom-house, and the sailors and
"marines halted at ; the reservation i: and .
marched hack. Only the Masons and citi
zens continued o.i to the monument. I
■ The monument site is immediately in'
front of old Fort Halieck, on top of a liiil
overlooking the picturesque bay of Mon
terey. It thus commands a view from all :
sites, and will form ; a ( prominent land- '.
mark of the historic city. About midway ]
between it and the sea is the statneof
Padre Jnnipera SerrA.. forming still an- !
| other '. historical mark on the landscape. •■
lOn the granite base ttiat was laid to-day I
is the inscrintion: !• "California. July 7 . '
1846-July 7, 1898.!' - - 5 1
- -The Masons of the local lodge opened in
two columns, and with heads uncovered
I saluted the Grand Lodge as it marched
forward to the monument base. There |
stemed to be no care for arrangements, so
the crowds pressed in upon the' otticiatuig
grand Masons, who with some difficul\.
gathered around the stone.
Dr. Washington Ayer of San Francisco,
president of the Sloat Monument Astocia
tion, stepped into the open and delivered
a short address in commencing the cere
monies. He said:
We have assembled here to-day, to commemo
rate one of the most Important and inn-resting
events in the annals of our country, and to
honor the memory of one vho was "not only
Jacob R. Lease, Grand Marshal of I
the Anniversary Parade at
Monterey Yesterday.
■^— —^_— __ _— — — __^___^^_ i
brave in battle in the defense of his coun
try and upon the ocean amidst the perils of
storms, but was also brave in his integrity and :
determination to perform his duty promptly
and we 11 ..-... :: ■* . .... . ,». f
-' Fifty years ago ■ to-day Commodore John
Drake Sloat raised the emblem of freedom—
the "old glory. of ? his * country— near the
ground we now occupy, whica;act.ledito the
achievement .at one of ;: the  most important
conquests recorded in history, and which gave'
peaceful possessions of California, Nevada and
Utah, ; with more than 350,000 square -miles of
territory to the United States. •- ->*'•-,-• ;
i We are here Ito lay J the cornerstone upon ■
which will be built a monument to his memory
and 'become an enduring expression = of the "
gratitude of the American people -for the pat
riotism, loyalty,: and fidelity he displayed to
his country in the hour. -.when the great in
terests the Nation were imperiled by the
; voice beyond the sea, and in that supreme mo
. ment of danger when the English fle-.-t, com
, mantled by Admiral Seymour on the Collin
! wood, was within sound of the cannon upon
the American wnrship Savannah, then safely
anchored in the bay of Monterey.
Then the spirit of American freedom hovered
over this fair land of fruits, vines and flowers
in perennial bloom and revealed the future
dt-simy of California to the world, which is
now Hie brightest star in the galaxy of States,
I with mines of untold weal th. naving already
; produced more than $1,600,000,000 of gold,
and with forests of the giant sequoia, the
grandest waterfalls in tht- world, the most
sublime and charming mountain scenery,
f.nlub"ioijK climate, "range groves and or
chards laden with every variety of fruit, and
vinov;ird-< whosi' vintare is found thmnghou,
the civilized world, and tne voice of thriu is
heard through thi* valleys wh-re the sunt>et's
afterglow cheers the hours of departing day.
These are all the inheritance, bequests and
blessings secured by the act of a brave man,
whose name posterity, through succeeding
generations, will hold in sacred esteem, and
no cowardly and unscrupulous historian will
dare ever acuin to outrage his memory or
attempt to impeach his integrity.
The ass«§~inntion of true history and the
malicious libels upon the life and character of
Commodore, Stoat by a p^uedo historian oi
(itliforniß shoirld give his voluminous labors
a prominent place in obscurity.
i'he even in of mat period of 1846. so full of
imminent danger to the acquisition of this
favored land, gave birth to a new and higher
civilization along the whole of the Pacific
Coast, and well may our country feel proud of
thu achievement and well can it afford to
build monuments to the memory of its heroes
dead— monuments which shall 'stand as the
repositories of that spirit oi patriotism and
gratitude which Animates the hearts of a free
and intelligent people.
To keer> aiive and perpetuate the memory of
those e».riy stirring t.mes of California during
the brief struggles for its acquisition and so pa
rtition from its parent Governmont, the 7th of
July should be made for the future a National
legal holiday— oquul in importance to thi- 17tn
oi June— 'hat the hearts nf our youth may be
tilled with patriotism, while they sing their
hymns of rejoicing, and then we should realize
more than we have yet done the great benefits
wen red by the conquest of thissun.«et land;
where now the voice of the murmuring ocean
is the lullaby of the midnight slumbers of the
Nation. Here no longer the vigilant eye
grows weary with its long vigils— the heart
throbs of patiiotic doubt and fear are now
lulled iiito serene n pose, and there is no
longer fe*r that a hostile invading army will
attempt to wrest from our grasp the coveted
prize of fifty years ago—* prize then made an
eternal bequest to freedom by the immortal
spirit of Commodore John Drake Sloat, whose
eulogy will be fittingly pronounced by the
orator of the day.
Then addressing the grand master, be
'■■ said:
Most worshipful grand master of the Grand
I Lodge of Free and Accepied Masons of the
I State of California: Believing you to be
equally skilled In operative as you are in
speculative masonry — in accordance with an
! ancient and time-honored custom, the Sloat
: Monument Association invited you to be pres
ent to-day to iay the cornerstone of the monu-
m ent commemorative of the heroic deeds of a
| brave and loyal officer ot the navy ; and I now
I present you with this trowel, which will assist
i you to perform your labor. You will see that
I the stone is level— you will see that it is
plumb and that it is square— that future gen-
HgHt^ Continued on Eighth Page.
GOLD DEMOCRATS DEFEATED.
Senator Hill Is Not Given a
Chance to Preside Even
Temporarily.
SILVER CHAMPIONS WIN THE
FIRST SKIRMISH.
Daniel of Virginia Sent to the Chair
by a Big Vote in the
Convention.
WHITE OF CALIFORNIA WILL BE THE
PERMANENT CHAIRMAN.
Under the Lash of Governor Altgeld the
Majority Lose No Time in Carrying
Out the Behests of the New
Party's Boss.
Headqtjarters United Press, )
Herald Building, >■
Chicago, 111., July 7.)
The silver men won the first day's tight
in the National Democratic Convention.
They routed their opponents by a major
ity of 207, seated Senator Daniel in the
chair over Senator Hill, the nominee of i
the National Committee, and broke two i
records. They up3et a practice which has
always heretofore prevailed in Democratic
conventions (though it has been some
tin: es ignored in Republican conventions),
and they hela the loneest first day's ses
sion of any great National Convention
within recent memory. The vote of 905
cast was one less than the tptal vote, by
reason of the fact that Senator Hill re
frained from voting, but this loss, in calcu
lation of relative strength, was offset by
his opponent. Senator Daniel, chivalrously
voting against his party and himself.
The result to-day showed the silver men
to be forty-eight votes short of a two
thirds majority, taking it as a test vote,
But in many respects it was not so. There
were ei^ht votes of South Dakota cast for
Hill, which, on a square issue of free coin
aee, will go for silver. Three votes in
West Virginia thrown against the silver
candidate will be counted for the silver
platform. The Territories, which on the
preliminary roll were given six seats but
only two votes each, will probably be
awarded six votes in the permanent organi
zation, except Alaska and the District of
Columbia, which will remain at their
present rating.
Alaska, admitted for the hrst time to a
Democratic National convention, sent six
gold deleeales to a silver body, and it is
expected will be punished for its "fresh
ness" by having its representation cut
down to two. This will give the
Territories thirty-two votes instead of
twelve as cast to-day, and all but three of
these votes (Alaska two and District of
Columbia one) are counted for silver. The
Nebraska sixteen votes will undoubtedly
be turned over to the silver men by the
credentials committee.
Florida's vote, which was 4 to 4 on or
ganization, will be given 5 for silver and
3 for gold hereafter, and Maryland, which
voted 12 gold and 4 silver on organiza
tion, it is said, will scatter in the propor
tion of 11 silver to 5 gold when it comes to
voting for the different silver candidates,
though it will remain as now on the ques
tion of platform. These changes and ac
cessions, it is claimed, will come very near
giving the silver men the two-thirds ma
jority they seek and which will enable
them to carry everything their own way.
If they should still lack a few votes they
have Michigan to fall back upon. A de
cision in favor of silver men in one or two
contested districts in that State will con
vert under the unit rule the twenty-eight
gold votes of Michigan into twenty-eight
Miss Gutts, Who J?epreser\ted the J^iaxAj ii\ the Parade at Monterey,
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
silver votes and give them a sure two*
tnirds majority for silver.
The gathering of to-day way a wonder
fully interesting assemblage in the
Coliseum — wonderful in j>oint of num
j hers, and interesting with regard to
| the men who made up the assem
| blage. The giants of the party were there.
I There was Jones of Arkansas, dignified to
a degree, portly of appearance, but quick
in movement; Harris of Tennessee, older
and not so erect as his Senatorial colleague,
sizing up the convention with ths keen
eye of the practiced presiding officer; Till
man, leading tbe South Carolina delega
tion, hardly less noticeable than his older '
fellow Senators, and Culberson, the young
Governor of Texas, who also came in for
his share of attention.
William C. Wnitney sauntered into th«
great hall almost unobserved. He took
his seat wit i the New York delegation
near by to Bissell of Buffalo, who had been
President Cleveland's law partner and
| Postmaster-General, and looked quizzi
i cally about at the sea of far.es. Hurrying
along through the converging crowds of
arriving delegates came Russell, the boy.
ish - looking ex - Governor of Massa
chusetts, and with him the other Rus
j sell from the old Bay State, who had
j been unsuccessful in his endeavor to reach
the executive office vacated by his name
sane. Gray of Delaware and Vilas of Wis
consin, Mr. Cleveland's most ardent sup
porters on the floor of the Senate. Bradley
Smalley of Vermont and others of the
gold leaders, entered unobserved and took
their places quietly.
When David B. Hill entered with thg
New York delegation many of those who
afterward voted to keep him from the
temporary chairmanship forgot family
i I quarrels and cheered aa heartily as the
' j rest. Again and again the enthusiasm
' ! broke forth, and Hill sank modestly into
! his chair and locked as though he wished
i to be out of aight.
It was nearly 1 o'clock instead of noon
i | when the convention was called to order
i and for an hour and a half prior to the
' time when Chairman Harrity of the
National Committee tapped bis gavel the
floor had been one moving, converging,
diverging mass of humanity, principally
male, but with a sufficient leavening of
' women to make it marked.
DONE IN THE CONVENTION
Hill Was Compelled to Yield the
Chair to Daniel.
CONVENTION HALL, CHICAGO^ 111.,
July 7.— At 11 a. M. the crowds from the
ci:y were assembled in constantly increas2
Interior VieW of the Coliseum at Chicago, Suggesting a Scene of tke Democratic
Rational Contention.
[Ftvin a drawing made in the Coliseum four days ago by a member of "The Call's" Art Staff.}
ing numbers at tbe front of the Coliseum.
But all the doors were closed. The news
paper men strove in vain to raise the
blockade so far as they were concerned.
The orders of the sergeant-at-arms. stu
pidly conceived and as stupidly executed,
kept them out, until, at last, a few of
them managed to effect an entrance and
to make the way clear for many of their
associates. But in the meantime, without
any imaginable good reason for it, dele
gates and alternates and persons holding
tickets of admission were kept out in the
broiling sunshine, victims of the incompe
tent "clothed with a little brief author
ity."
At 11:30 the doors were opened, and the
seats began to fill up to the music of a
brass band playing popular airs. &.s the
hour of noon drew near the sections as
signed to the delegates were gradually oc
cupied. Occasionally a large delegation
■entered the hall with banners and flags
and accompanied by bands of music. Tne
lowa delegation bora along a silk flag on
which were imprinted the benevolent
looking features of its candidate, Horace
Boies. Senator Hill and ex-Governor
Roswell P. Flower entered the hall at half
past 12, closely followed by ex-L,ieutenant-
Governor Sheehan, and were greeted with
cheers, many delegates rising to do them
honor.
At ] p. m. the convention was called to
order by Mr. Harrity of Pennsylvania,
chairman of tbe Democratic National
Committee, who asked tbat all present
should arise and stand while prayer was
offered by Rev. Ernest M. Stires, rector of
Grace Episcopal Church, Chicago, as fol
lows:
Almighty God, tbe hearts of thy people are
lifted in gratitude to thee for the manifold
blessings taou hast vouchsafed to our country
from the dawn of its independence until the
present day. We thank tnee for the wisdom
and courage which enabled our fathers to
build better than they knew; for deliverance
from all dangers within and without our bor
ders, and for our unparalleled progress in
times of prosperity and peace. O God of our
lathers, continue to guide and sustain thy
children. In our doubts and fears and distress
we cry unto thee for help. Grant us wisdom to
know among all the perplexing problems of
thia time where lies the path of honor and
safety.
Htip us to consider the vital questions
which must be answered with thoroughness,
paiiecce and tolerance. Give us strength and
courage to do what an enlightened conscience
shall declare to be our duty. Inspire us with
a patriotism above expediency. Remind us
that honesty is not only tbe best but the only
policy worthy the consideration of a great peo
ple. May the hearts of all be filled with pro
found respect and sympathy for our toiling
multitudes oppressed with burdens too heavy
for them to bear, heavier than we should al
low them to bear. Teach us how to give them
relief without doing violence to the rights of
ary. While we plead for ourselves, wo are
mindful of the Borrows of others.
May the day soor. come when no power shall
be permitted to inflict upon a brave people in
defensible slaughter and unspeakable shame,
when no cloud of despotism shall overhang
those who sigh for liberty. May we ever feel the
deepest sympathy for the distressed in the
great brotherhood of mankind and yet be able
to maintain an honorable peace with all.
Upon the great convention now assembled in
thy presence send thy gracious blessing. May
its members be inspired with the most exalted
patriotism, seeking no private or sectional ad
vantage, but only the National good, so tha
our united and prosperous country may con
tinue to be, in all that is truest and best, an
inspiration to the nations of the earth. And to
thee, our God, shall we ascribe all the honor
and glory, forever and ever. Amen.
Then Chairman Harrity, in slow, de
liberate tones, said :
"Gentlemen of tne convention, by direc
tion of the Democratic National Commit
tee, I desire to report the following as the
temporary organization of tbe convention:
Temporary chairman, David B. Hill of
New York."
Then there was an outbreak of applause
which lasted for two minutes. The rest of
tbe organization was read as follows: For
temporary secretary, Simon P. Sheerin of
Indiana; for sergcant-at-arms, Colonel
John I. Martin of Missouri.
"What is the pleasure of the conven
tion?" Mr. Harrity asked, "on the report
as made from the Democratic National
Committee."
On that Mr. Clayton, delegate from Ala
bama, arose, advanced to the platform,
and said:
"G. ntlemen of the Democratic National
Convention: On behalf of twenty-three
members of your National Committee as
opposed to twenty-seven, and, as I believe,
in accordance with the wish of the great
majority of this Nation [cheers], I am
authorized to present to this convention a
minority recommendation which I shall
move as a substitute for a part of the mo
tion made by the cnairman of the National
Committee. 1 '
After the report of the majority of the
National Committeo had been presented
Henry D. Clayton of Alabama arose and
offered the following substitute:
To the Democratic Convention: The under
signed members of the Democratic National
Committee respectfully recommend that the
name of Hon. John W. Daniel of Virginia oe
substituted in the committee report for that
of Hon. David B. Hill of New York, and that
Hon. John W. Daniel be chosen temporary
chairman of this committee.
Henry D. Clayton, Alabama.
Mcßae, Arkansas.
Michael Tarpey, California.
C. S. Thomas, Colorado.
Samuel Pasco, Florida.
Ciarke Howell, Georgia.
C. W. Blair, Kansas.
Arthur Bewail, Maine.
D. J. Campau, Michigan.
A. J. Davidson, Montana.
R. P. Keating;, Nevada.
F. H. Busbee, North Carolina.
William C. Zeistikow, North Dakota.
M. L. Donaldson, South Carolina.
P. J. Otey, Virginia.
J. W. Burton, Utah.
W. J. Kuykendall, Wyoming.
C. W. Shannon, Arizona.
J. L. Norris, District of Columbia.
H. B. Ferguson^ New York.
F. M. Richardson, Oklahoma.
J. L. Owen, Indian Territory.
As Mr. Clayton concluded by demand
ing the call of States and arollcall, cheers
and cries of "Call the roll" were raised.
C. S. Thomas of Colorado seconded the
minorty report. Again cries of "rollcall"
were raised, aud Mr. Harrity said: ."It
may as well be understood, gentlemen,
that as long as the present occupant is in
the thair these proceedings will be con
ducted in a regular, orderly manner."
This announcement was received with
general applause. Allen McDerrnott of
New Jersey was then recognized to speak
in support of the majority report. Mr.
McDermott warned the siiver men that
they were departing from the principles of
the party in overruling the National Com
mittee.
"We of the North," he said, "want to
support the ticket you will select. If you
have the strength of giants, do not expend
it in bitterness, but reserve it for the day
when you will need it in November."
Ex-Governor Waller of Connecticut also
opposed the minority report. There were
no abler men, he said, no braver Demo
crats than the two men whose names were
involved in this preliminary discussion.
[Cheers.] They should be honored to
gether. Senator Hill of New York and
Senator Daniel of Virginia. [Cheers.]
"One," he said, "is a candidate under
immemorial usage, and the other is a can
didate by the exercise of a power never be
fore exercised— as a substitute candidate.
What ought the convention do about it?
[A voice in the gallery: 'Elect Daniel. 1
[Laughter and cheers.] I agree with you.
[Laughter.] You ought to elect him, and
now hear my suggestion. You ought to
elect David B. Hill as your temporary
chairman, and every man in this conven
tion, whether 16 to lor 1 to 16, ought to
vote for him. And then you ought to
elect Senator Daniel of Virginia as perma
nent chairman. [Cheers.] And I will
vouch for it that every man in this con
vention, whom I assume specially to repre
sent, will vote for Daniel and will cheer
for Daniel so that the reverberation of that
cheer will be heard in Virginia. "What is
to prevent it? Or are there some other
arrangements made? If so, wipe them
out and be equal to the emergency. Have
your Daniels in the South and have your
Hills in the East. [Cheers.] Disappoint
your enemies by dome the courteous, the
valorous thing, the judicious thing at the
very opening of your convention. [Ap
plause.]
"When I came from Connecticut the
Republicans told me that we were going to
a convention where we would receive no
courtesy, where we would receive no con
sideration, where we would be trampled
upon, sixteen men to one, and where we
would be the underneath one. [Laugh
ter.] I told them (and I believe it to-day)
that we should receive no such treatment.
We may be disappointed in the platform
to be adopted; we may be disappointed in
the candidate to be put in nomination,
but we will return to the East and say that
we were beaten because you had more
votes than we had, but that still we re
ceived every courtesy; that we received
hospitality from the Western Democrats
and chivalrous action from our fellow Dem
ocrats of the South. [Cheers.] Fellow
Democrats, we can stand you beating us
witn votes; we can stand any candidate
whom you will nominate, if you will nom
inate an honest man. [Cheers.] We
are in this convention to stay.
[Cheers.] I am going to be here until
every other man bolts. You cannot drive
us out of this convention by the exercise
of your power. If you have got two to
one against us in this convention (and I
suppose you have), what are you going to
do? Are there any two men down there
afraid of me? [Laughter.] I am just as
good a tighter as there is in the gold sec
tion of this convention. I will fight as
hard and tight as long as any of them.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
And if you are not afraid af me as a
ngnter, why should you be afraid of my
associates? What will the Republican
party say if you violate your traditions at
the very opening of the convention. They
will say oue of two things. They will say
that you did it because you were afraid of
us. [A voice, "We are!"] Or they will say
that you did not because you were afraid
of us but because you pioried in heaping
personal indignity upon us. [Cries of
"No, no, no!"]
"You say 'No,' but your acts do it.
Fellow Democrats, whom are you propos
ing to turn down in indignity and dis
honor? Ah, who is the man who has
fought against the foe« of the people since
Le first voted and has fought successfully?
He has fought acainst the criticisms and
insults of Republicans, and he has fought
without the approval of mugwumps and
without the aid of patronage and power.
If you turn him down do you think tbat
you will stop him or any Democrat from
making a speech in this convention and
expressing his views? Do you think you
will stop David B. Hill? [A voice,
"Never."] The speech he would make to
you from the platform would be a wise,
conservative speech, becoming his position
as temporary chairman. Jjut if you stop
him doing it he will make his speech from
the floor, and it will go to the people and
create enthusiasm, so that the indignity
which you put upon him will fall upon
yourselves. In God's name, think of
it with reason and sense and don't im
pose upon the East tbe indignity tbat is
proposed. "We are not worms, as you
know; and even if we were, worms some
times turn on those who tread upon them.
Treat us as you ought not to do, insult ua
by breaking the traditions of your party —
turn down David B. Hill, as indiscreet
men advise you — and I tell you what we
will do; we will light you here and else
where, and we will fight you until you are
sorry for your action of this day. [Cheers.]
This is the grand old party of my heart ;
I love it as I love my lainiiy. and I resent
an unwise action which may harm it badly
and bring disaster to the country. This
is a feeling of at least one- third of thia
convention. I ask you to consider that
feeling. Let us act in these preliminaries
with courtesy to everybody. Let us stand
together in the Democratic party — that
party which has stood by tbe people and
has fought for it and is the pride of the
Republic. I trust in God tbat nothing
will occur here to prevent its doing so
while the Republic lasts." [Cheers.]
Charles 8. Thomas of Colorado, one of
the minority of the National Committee,
defended the minority report and urged
that tbe majority report was simply a rec
ommendation which the convention might
adopt or reject as seemed proper to it.
The minority had no desire, be said, to
suppress discussion, but he reminded the
deleeate from Connecticut that he and
those with whom he had acted had
boasted that they would "capture the con
vention\ without yielding to any one."
The minority of the committee has there
fore a duty imposed on them to carry out
as far as possible what they conceive to be
the wish of the majority of the conven
tion. They knew that if the National
Committee were constituted so as to repre
sent the will of the convention it would
have reported in favor of Senator Daniel.
[Cheers.] He repelled tho charge that the
Democrats of the United States deeired to
inflict indignity and disgrace on
the Senator from New York. Noth
ing could be farther from their in
tention. They recalled the fact that
four years ago the man who now stood
forth as his friend and those who Bap
ported him declared him unworthy of the
respect of the Democratic convention.
[Cheers.] For his own part, he wished
with his own h eart God to bless him. If
they were to judge Senator Hili's future
by his past, his utterances on the great
question that now confronts the conven
tion were warm in the hearts of his fellow
citizens. [Cheers.]
At this point Mr. Thomas referred to his
standing under the picture of the immor
tal Washington, and was proceeding to
apostrophize the Father of his Country
when he was made aware by the outburst
of laughter that he had made a mistake,
and that it was the alleged likeness of
Jefferson under which he stood. He got
out of it very well by remarkiner that
Washington and Jefferson were both im
mortal Democratic names.
He went on to defend the action of the
minority of the National Committee and
said they had taken their action because
they had been told in the public prints of
this and other cities (in which they had
no voice and where they could not be
heard) that the purpose of the other side
was to assume control of the convention if
possible, and they had made up their
minds that if the matter was to come to an
issue the sooner it came the better. He
I appealed to the convention to stand by
the minority report and not let it be said
that in the first skirmish their pickets
were driven back from the lines. [Ap
plause.]
C. E. Walter of Alabama also advocated
the adoption of the minority report and
reminded the convention that the great
State of New York had received the Presi
dential nomination for the last thirty-fire
years. The people of the South, he de
clared, had the highest regard and respect
for Senator Hill, but he wanted to know
how it was that the servant (meaning
thereby the National Committee) assumed
to be greater than its master. He
reminded the Eastern Democrats tbat
while many of the nations of Europe
marched with Napoleon in 1803, they
marched against him afterward, and he
said: "We have been your friends. For
twenty-five years we have supported every
candidate that you put up and we will be
in the near future called to do it again,
and we will do it gladly and pleasantly,
but we think tbat we are entitled to this
nomination and the National Committee
ought to have given it to us."
Mr. Tarpey ot California, a minority
member of the National Committee, also
advocated the adoption of the minority
report. He argued that if the convention
chose as its temporary chairman a man
who represented the anti-silver side of the
question it would imply a lakewarmness
and weakness in tbe convention which
the Democratic party could not afford.
The choice of temporary chairman would
sound the keynote of tho campaign, and
he wanted tbat keynote to be sounded by
a silver representative, not by a gold rep
resentative. He therefore submitted that
the minority report ought to be adopted
by the convention.
Short, stout and smooth-faced John R.
Fellows of New York walked down the
main aisle to talk in favor of Hill, and as
be was recognized a great cheer broke
forth from the New York and otber East
ern delegations. He was received with
cheers as he came to the platform. He
paid a tribute to the splendid ability and
long-established Democracy of the gentle
man from Virginia, Mr. Daniel, and had
he been nominated to a place on the ticket
by this convention New York would gladly
have given him support; but grave princi
ples were involved in tbe question now
presented. Democratic traditions were to
be trampled down and the whole life of
the Senator from Virginia repelled the
suggestion that he could sanction this un
heard of and unnecessary act. He pro
ceeded to show the regularity of tbe action
of the National Committee wbioh, he said,
for a longer period than the lives of any
delegates present had presented for the
purpose of organization the names of offi
j cers to temporarily fill the chairs, and its
action in this regard had nover before
been questioned. He characterized the plan
now proposed as following a Republican
precedent, disowned, denounced and spit
upon. [Cheers.] And wby was it, he
asked with strong empbaisis, that all tbe
rest of the report was accepted and only
the distinguished gentleman from New
York was rejected ?
"You cannot escape," he said, "the dis
trust and suspicion this will arouse, and I
trust there will be no permanent ill ef
fects."
He recognized the right of the majority
to control th« convention when perma
nently organized. The temporary organ
ization could effect nothing. Why not
permit the report of the committee to
stand in its entirety? He referred to the
precedent of the convention four years
aeo when Cleveland was nominated
[Cleveland's name being received with
cheers], when a temporary chairman op
posed to tho candidate who had a major
ity of the convention was allowed to pre
side over the temporary organization o:
the convention/ and afterward the major
ity took chargefand nominated their can
didate. [Cheers.] And he reminded them
in closing that the great State of New
York, whose loved son it was now pro
posed to strike down, had given them
their only Democratic President. [Cheers.]
He dweU upon the fact that on that occa
sion Senator Daniel seconded the nomina
tion of David B. Hill for President of the
United States for four years, but now
s emed to deem him unworthy to be the
temporary chairman of a Democratic con
vention. Loud cries of "No" greeted this
remark, to which Fellows retorted with
•the quotation about "protesting too
much."
"Who is he? Who is be?" shouted the
delegates as B. W. Marsden ot Louisiana
was recognized and ascended the platform.
Mr. Marsden began to get in trouble at the
beginning. He professed no enmity to
Senator Hill, and declared, instead of the
majority trying to trample on tbe minor
ity, it was the minority that would trample
upon the majority. Load hisses followed
this sentiment, and Mr. Marsden was fur
ther interrupted by cries for Hill. By this
time the audience began to realize that
Mr. Marsden was drinking huge quantities
.of icewater from Ctiairman Harrity's
pitcher. At the third drink they begar. to
laugh derisively. At the fourth the vehe
mence increased, and when Mr. Marsden,
after waving his handkerchief at his hear
ers in a vain attempt to secure silence,
placed the glass to his lips a fifth time, the
laughter and cheers became uproarious
and he was forced to sit down.
The power of the water-pitcher and
glass on the audience began to be realized
about this time by the Louisiana delegate,
and he smiled broadly as he took his sixth
drink. During tbe rare periods of com
parative silence while Mr. Marsden was
on the platform he managed to say that
David B. Hill did not represent the ma
jority of the convention and should not be
chosen. He was finally obliged to desist,
and sat down amia renewed cheering and
derisive laughter.
Hon. John M. Duncan of Texas followed
after this stormy scene, some portion of
which overlapped into the tirst part of his
speech, and he had to pause till the chair
man restored order. He said they loved
the name of David B. Hill down in Texas,
and wished it was in their power to honor '
him, but the silver men were terribly in
earnest, and could not support any man
by whose election disloyalty to silver i
might be implied. It was the opponents
of silver who had forced the issue on them,
and they proposed to meet it at once. He
closed so abruptly that cries of "Go on"
were raised.
C. J. Ladd of Illinois spoke, for the mi
nority report. He wanted to say as
a member ol the Democratic party and
Democratic family that there was no
family quarrei. The gentlemen from New
York and Connecticut could not say words
in praise of Senator Hill that were not
echoed by all Democrats, and it was so of
Senator Daniel.
"All Democrats were good, and some of
them w%re better," said he. "We were
taught to honor our parents; but if our
parents made a mistake, as the National
Committee has done, it should be cor
rected. The man to be nominated must
be the man of the majority. Tbe conven
tion knew perfectly well that if the gen
tleman from New York were elected he
would make an able speech. No man
doubted that. But it would be a New
York speech and would keep them ex
plaining it to their Republican enemies
all through the campaign. [This sally
was received with laughter and applause.]
The National Committee had made a re
port, might it not be voted against? That
was the greatest of Democratic time
honored principles."
Mr. Ladd maintained in closing tbat the
majority should rule and was cheered to
tbe echo as be took his seat.
Hon. J. W. St. Clair of West Virginia,
the next speaker, led off by declaring tbat
he came here as firm a friend of the tree
coinage of silver as any one; but he must
say to his silver friends that they were
making a mistake. This was received
with partial cheers, and he followed by
urging them to proceed to elect a Demo
cratic President by Democratic methods.
What harm, he said, could David B. Hill
do in tbe chair? He himself was too good
a silver man to be influenced by a speech
from David B. Hill or anybody else. He
referred to tbe convention of 1884, and
remarked that some of them had lived to
regret that they had not followed the lead
of the minority- in that convention. This
allusion to the Hill-Cleveland contest was
received with shouts of laughter.
Then Chairman Harrity said: "Unless
the majority of the convention shall other
wise instruct the chair will direct a call of
the roll immediately after the next
speaker has closed. It is for the dele
gates to decide."
This declaration apparently met the
unanimous approval of the convention
and tbe chairman added that recognizing
this to be the sentiment of the convention
he would again recognize Mr. Clayton of
Alabama to close the debate, iar. Clay
ton promised at tbe outset that he would
not offend the majority by threats or
amuse others by drinking too much ice
water. This allusion to the Louisiana
gentleman was received with laughter,
and having put the delegates in good
humor Mr. Clayton proceeded to proclaim
himself as the friend of David B. Hill now
as he had been four years ago. Hill
would support tbe nominee of the conven
tion and would reiterate his declaration
for tile independent, free and unlimited
coinage of silver in line with that great
Elmira speech. He loved, honored and
respected him, for at his feet ac (Clay
ton) had learned Democracy. It was
said tbat the convention was violating
traditions. What traditions? Read the
writings of the fathers, search them in
vain and tell him what was found there
that was not applicable. It would be
shown that a majority of the Democrats
were entitled to rule in a Democratic con
vention. As to the objection that the
Republicans would criticize them what
did it mean? The one fact that the Re
publicans would condemn them would
make him support the suggestion. Mr.
Clayton concluded that he wanted full
and unlimited coinage of silver and free
and unlimited speech.
Chairman Harrity then put the question,
which was on tbe adoption of the miuority
report. Bnd ordered the roll of States to
be called.
The roll was then proceeded with and
progressed without special incident until
MEW TO-DAY.
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI BpringB, . Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal . Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ h£^ Zi f <&4<t+i<*£h t* *
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that L Royal Councillor, M.D., Pro/rsur »p
*m*:iW.imz*aU. vr j- c •»_ >i ima» WKBmiWisi Chemistry, and Director of the Royal
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs. 1 . Hungarian State Chemical Institute
(HiuUtry *J Agriculture), Bud*. Put.
, APPROVED BY THE ; AOAT)fhvrTE DE MEDECINE, PARIS
Prices: 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OP ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WA TER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information . supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & C.C., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
. SEE that-, the Label bears "i the well-known Red Diamond- Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited. '■
Illinois was reached. Then cheers greeted
the announcement of 48 votes "aye."
When lowa wps reached the vote as an
nounced, 26 ayes, was challenged and a
rollcall of the delegation demanded.
The result was 19 ayes and 7 noes.
Chairman Harrity stated that as the dele
gation had been instructed to act as a
unit the vote would be recorded as 26
ayes. The vote of Kentucky was also
challenged on the ground that the delega
tion had been instructed to vole as a unit,
and the chairman ruled that the roll
might be called in order to test the ac
curacy of the vote. As Senator Black
burn's name was called and he voted "aye"
there were cheers, and demonstrations of
dissent and applause when two delegates
voted "no." The chairman repeated his
ruling that under the unit rule the whole
delegation must be recorded 26 ayes.
The chairman of the Michigan delega
tion announced that a poll of the dele
gation stood 12 ayes to 1G noes, but under
the unit rule he had pleasure in casting
the whole 28 votes for David B. Hill. A
poll was demanded and resulted as stated
by the chairman, and Mr. Harrity again
ruled tbat the 28 votes must be cast as a
unit.
Governor Flower cast the vote of New
York (Senator Hill not voting), 71 noes,
amid applause.
Ohio's vote was challenged and the del
egation polled. The result gave 38 votas
to Daniel and 8 to HiH, but under the unU
rule the entire vote went to Daniel.
When Virginia was reached the chair
man of the delegation announced amic
great cheers that Virginia cast 23 aye;
and Hon. John W. Daniel voted "no."
Wisconsin was challenged and on a poll
stood 4 ayes, 20 noes, but under the unit
rule was cast 24 noes.
A surprise was sprune when the chair
announced that the Territories, which had
been given six seats in the convention,
could only cast two votes, and New Mex
ico's vote, which had previously been re
corded as six ayes, was changed to two.
The District of Columbia voted two for
Daniel. The total vote was announced by
the chair as follows: Ayes (Daniel), 536;
noes (Hill), 349.
Twelve votes were knocked off from the
Territories and Mr. Hill did not vote.
The official vote follows:
States.
* %
2 ?
I i :
A1abama... ......... ....'... 2*2 ....'
Arkansas 16. ....
Call ornla , 18 ....
Colorado .........:. 8 ....
Connecticut .... 12
Delaware ..' ......' .... 6
Florida ;..... 4 4
Georgia...... 26 ....
1dah0..........................;. .. 6 ....
Illinois 48 ....
Indiana. I 30 ....
lowa. I 26 ....
Kansas ... 20 ....
Kentucky 26 ....
Louisiana.. ..........'........... 16 .....
Maine....... ; 'i 10
Maryland.;... 4 la
Massachusetts..: .' ..•...; 80
Michigan '. 28
Minnesota ; 7 11
Mississippi 18 ....
Missouri 34 ....
Montana .' ....". 6 ....
Nebraska ... 10
Nevada ................ 6 ....
New Hampshire. .....;.......... .... 8
New Jersey SO
New York... : ; 71
North Carolina.... -22 ....
North Dakota (j ...
Ohio 40 ....
Oregon '8 ....
Pennsylvania... ;.. .... 64
Khode Island.... - 8
South Carolina. 18 ....
South Dakota .... g
Tennessee 24 ....
Texas 30
Utah......... ...: .. 61...
Vermont..... 8
Virginia. 2» 1
Washington 6 3
West Virginia..... 9 . S
Wisconsin ...................;.;..... .......; ...v 24
Wyoming ...■,... • 6 ....
Arizona ; 2 .. .
Sew Mexico .......... ;v..; ...■.•.•• "2 ....
0k1ah0ma......./.... «....,.,, .......; ' 2 ....
Indian Territory....;. 2 ....
District Of Columbia .:. ....
Alaska .v i
Official t0ta1................... 656 349
-Sot, voting, 1.
The chair added: ''The motion offered
by the gentleman from Alabama substi
tuting Hon. J. W. Daniel of Virginia for
temporary chairman is adopted," and
there was a considerable manifestation of
applause.
The chairman said unless otherwise in
structed he would regard it as a practical
rejection of the majority report and would
not put the question of its adoption to the
convention. There being no dissent the
chair appointed Senator Jones of Arkan
sas, Hon. R. P. Keating of Nevada and
Senator White of California a committee
to escort Senator Daniel to the chair.
The greatest demonstration of the day
up to this time occurred when Senator
Daniel came forward. Delegates stood on
their chairs and yelled with might and
main, waving canes, handkerchiefs and
nags. The band aided the enthusiasm by
starting up a patriotic air and the dele
gates stamped, clapped and cheered with
a vociferousness that threatened to drown
the efforts of the musicians.
Senator Daniel on taking the chair ex
pressed profound gratitude for the honor
conferred upon him and expressed regret
that his name should have been brougbt
in even the most courteous competition
with his distinguished friend. Senator
Hill, who would readily recognize the
fact, however ; that there was no personal
ity in tbe matter. "It was solely due to
the principle which tbe great majority of
Democrats stood for— be (Daniel) stand
ing with them. As the majority of the
convention was not personal in its aims,
neither was it sectional. It began with
Continued on Fourth Page.
1 \ o*^ Js *»* \
Is the light that; will brine a" great; "b*i>
glow of happiness to yon. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is : the -strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is 30 powerful
that it is simply wonderful bow harmless
it is. You can net it from nowhere but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials. »
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
has been indors d by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t«vitchings of the
eyes and other part?. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cb^ap as any other remedy.*
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over '2000 pri-
vate indorsements. " ' • ' ■
Prematureness means imDOtency in the
hrst stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other fem-
edv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
I 'TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of sori-
producing germs. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, mcers in mouth, old sores and
failine nair. You can Have a trip to Hoc Springs
by wri:iug for "Wood Book' to the old physician*
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Mnrk«t and Kills Sta.
% ■ . SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
FOR
m x~\ v T B " lk h
FOUR
DAYS!
We're going to sell Tan Oxfords as
they were never sold before. No
matter how new the shape or late
the style they go anyway — at prices
never before heard of.
LOTA-LADIES' FINEST TAN KID
OXtOKDS, cloth or kid tops, extreme ffl>l .SO
pointed toes, band-sewed turn soles.. tip J- —
LOT B-LADIEs 1 FINE TAN OX-
I FORDS, pointed or square toe shape,* <Jj» 1 .05
sewed soles .". tjpX-i—
LOT C— LADIES' FINEST TAN KID
. SOUTHEKN TIES, extreme pointed
or narrow square, cloth tops to match, q> "1 .40
band-sewed turnsoles «jpi__
Out-of- own orders filled on same day received.
Bend for the Sullivan- Money -naver, a book on
shoes and right prices, to be had for the asking.
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY-SAVERS 4N SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth Street.
Just Below Market.
A || YOU ... . .
All .... NEED
IS TO COMPARE OUR PRICES ON
BABY CARRIAGES
Hood top, reed body, upholstered, steel
; '- springs and wheels '...."...:.:...'... 94.75
Hood top, reed body, good upholstering,
, steel springs and whee15.......... 86.33
Hood top, reed body, upholstered in tapes-
try, plush, roll, steel ' springs and
whee15.......: .t......... 98.85
Hood top, reed body, fancy shape, uphol-
stered In tapestry, plash roll, steel
' . springs and wheels 910.00
CARRIAGE .'. ROBES
LESS THAN COST.
MST SEND FOR OUR CATALOGUE, .£*
. aS" RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, a specialty.
818-820 MARKET ST.
FOR
a Fins Tailoring
.J^ Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
jtjfgyi^ ■ Moderato Ptices, go to
mm Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Ptices, go to
JOE POHEIM
yfp&&4 THE TAILOR.
PANTS made to order from $4.01
II ITS mada to order from $15.09
1 1 H MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
201 and 203 Nonipnerj St., cop. Bus!)
724 Market SI. 1110 ft 1112 Market SI
«AW FRANCISCO.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford -:-" Unsurpassed,"
, $40, $50, $60, $75.
Ph<Enix" Stands the Racket"
lido.
*~- The . guarantee of ■ the Crawford - same' as that
given with 8100 wheels.
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1610 Market St., Ban Francisco." CaL
BRUS H ES FOR ,!^. BKRS > bar.
p R Uon ES houses, - , t billiard - tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, canneri! '
dyers, . flourmlili, foundries, * laundries, mm?
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, «i»hi«.
: men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, ate. *"- *~~?
_, , „„ BUCHANAN BROS.; .
f Bra Manufwctarera. 609 Maor»m«nt^3>»
NOTARY PUBLIC.UNDER THE
BOSS' LASH,
Silver Delegates Observe
the Slate Proposed
by Altgeld.
DAVID B. HILL SNUBBED
AND INSULTED.
And Now the Friends of the New
York Statesman Swear He
Must Be Avenged.
SO THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY IS
DRIVEN TO DIVISION.
All That Remains to Be Done Is to
Carry Out the Illinois Governor's
Second-Day Programme.
"The Call's" Headquarters, >
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, 111.. July 7. >
Bos* Altgeld's slate was faithfully ob
served on the first day of the conven
tion.
David Bennett Hill was recommended
by the National Committee for the tem
porary chairmanship and the silver
men, in accordance with Altgeld's in
structions, rejected the report of the
committee, snubbed and insulted the
New York Senator and placed Daniel of
Virginia, a man of much smaller caliber,
in the chair. Among the more promi
nent speakers on this occasion were
John It. Fellows of New York, M. F.
Tarpey of California and Judge Waller
of Connecticut.
The Altgeld programme for to-day |
trill be followed. Al6 to 1 plank will!
be inserted and there will be a silver
streak in every plank of the platform.
Bland is like'y to be the nominee for ]
the Presidency, for lie is Altgeld's
choice
Much sympathy is felt for Senator Hill
because of the indignity cast upon him
in the house of his brothers. His
friends all over the country are indig
nant and aie swearing that Hill must be
avenged.
The Democratic party has ceased to be
one. It in two.
JOHN PAIL CO-jGRAVE.
SUFFERS BY COMPARISON.
Cosgrave Tells of the Difference
Between the Chicago Conven
tion and the St. Louis Rally.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, IJJ., July 7.J
■\Viiat a delightful yeil went up from
thousands of throats and what wild cheer
ing and clapping of hands and stamping
of feet there was when the band played
"Dixie" ia the big Colisseum this after
noon. It was not such a cheer as hire
lings give— loud and without feeling — but
it came straight from the heart as a battle
cry in a gallant charge against the enemy.
All the surroundings, the purpose for
which they had met, the fact that the old
Democracy of every State and Territory in
the Union was gathered in conclave lent
an almost pathetic strain to the melody
which brought up sad and tender remi
niscences of the land of cotton in the
happy, happy days before the boys in gray
lired upon the old flag and marched forth
to do battle for the losing cause until the
liery patriotism of the North, headed by
the bulldog tenacity of U. S. £rant,
caused it to be recorded in letters of blood
en the pages of American history as the
"Lost cause."
But there was nothing disloyal to-day
in the cheers that broke forth for the lilt
ing darky melody of "The Sunny South."
"Dixie"' was also cheered in St. Louis a
few weeks a«io, not only in the lobbies of
the Southern and Planters' boteis but in
convention hall by 10,000 Republican
voices. They were the magnanimous
cheers of representatives of the brave sol
diers of the North and of the glorious
cause for which they battled — cheers for
the dauntless bravery and the undying
courage of their Southern brothers. That
applause by Republicans then and by
Democratn to-day had nothing in it of vin
dictiveness, but there was a chord of joy
vibrating through it all which told the lis
tener that the memories of the war had
long ago ceased to rankle in the breasts
of the patriots of the North as well as the
patriots of the South and that that barba
rous emblem, the bloody shirt, symbol of
hate between brothers, had been buried in
the grave of a mutual forgiveness by the
new-born loj'alty which rose as a white
robed angel of peace from out the powder
smoke ar.d the ensanguined reek oi the
Civil War.
The immense portraits of Jackson,
Jefferson and other forefathers of the
party, which portraits were displayed on
the sides of the galleries framed in the
stars and stripes, brought back to memory
the good old times when Democracy
meant principle and not politics, before
it fell into the hands of sucli unscrupu
lous schemers as Altgeld and such
Machiavellian manipulators as Hill and
Whitney. It was strictly a white man's
convention. The ex-slave had no repre
?f ntation there. Looking over the vast
nias9 of faces one could see pink and white
and swarthy and sallow, but never a shade
of dusky Ethiopia darkened the banners
of the States on which the crime of the
slave-masters is being atoned lor by their
guiltless children.
The personnel of the convention would
suffer by comparison with that of the Re
publican body which ,met in St. Louis last
month. It is true that there were several
good speakers, such as Walierof Connecti
cut, John R. Fellows, who really made
the most effective speech of the day, and
men from New York. Pennsylvania and
Ohio of a similar caliber, not forgetting
M. F. Tarpey of California, who made a
very good speech, brief, forcible and to
the point, but the first Jay's session
lacked any display of the grace, the wit
and hum.or of a Chauncey Depew, the
vivid imagery of a Lew Wallace, the per
tuasivp periods of a Governor Hastings
and a half-score of others who were not
very far behini their leaders in the art of
Bwayintr men's minds.
There was some enthusiasm to-day, but
not ol the overmastering quality, ft was
only for silver. It was for purely business
SOME PROMINENT MEN OF THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION.
[Sketched from life in Chicago by J. Kahler of "The Call's" art department.]
purposes. One can witness much more
enthusiasm and of the same kind in the
San Francisco Stock Exchange when
Chollar or Potosi sets all the brokers wild
by advancing 17 cents a share. Like a ses
sion of the Stock Exchange, the proceed
ings of the convention seemed to me to be
mercenary. The sign of the pawnbroker,
the cash-register of the merchant, the
nlank check of the banker, were all too ap
parent. "Let us have the free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1 and we care not who makes
our laws, and we care not how he makes
them so long as he is a silver man."
That sentence seemed to sound as a still,
small voice above all the din of the angry
yells and the challenging cheers. The
strongest speech of the day was made by
Waller of Connecticut. It was a splen
did — a mastery plea for a magnanimous
recognition of the services rendered the
party by David Bennett Hill. He had
good grounds for arguing that the opposi- !
tion to Senator Hill was based upon per
sonal reasons, and when he was inter
rupted by angry cries and defiant retorts
it was evident that he had driven the nail
home. He received one round of appre
ciative cheers when he said, "Fellow-
Democrats, we can stand any Democrat
that you nominate. We are in this con
vention to stay. You can't drive us out."
But all his appeals rrera lost upo v empty
air. The silver men were sullen and ob
durate. The crack of Boss Altgeld's lash
echoed among the steel rafters of the
Coliseum. The programme must be car
ried out. Past services, past sacrifices,
present worth and the future of the party I
must all give way before the demand of
Altgeld and his lieutenants. Mr. Waller
seemed to appreciate this fact, when, after
naving been interrupted coarsely several
times, he turned upon the angry silverites,
and, shaking bis clenched list at the Colo
rado and Illinois delegations, shouted this
defiance, "If you do tnis we'll fight you I
here and elsewhere and until you sur
render."
"Yes, fight; we'll fight you," yelled a
score of angry voices.
Hisses and yells supplemented this epi-»
sode, but Mr. Waller made one last des
perate but manly appeal on behalf of the
recognition or the many services and the
life-long loyalty of Senator Hill. He
might as well asked them to change their
religion. A storm of hisses and cries of
■'Call the roll !" drowned his voice.
The convention was in programme
temper. The yells and hisses were in the
voices of the delegates, but the fine Italian
hand that touched the dynamite fuse with
the lighted match was the hand of Altgeld.
To-day's se-sion is the shadow of to-mor
row's. As Altgeld had decreed so the con
vention did to-day. As Altgeld has de
creed so the convention will do to-morrow.
The Democracy is digging its own grave
with a silver mattock, and the sexton is
the man who, for the present, is the Gov
ernor of the great State of Illinois.
John Paul Cosgbave.
WHITE TO BE CHAIRMAN.
The California Senator Chosen to
Preside Over the Democratic
National Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— The commit
tee on permanent organization met in the
room provided for it in the Coliseum
building, after the adjournment of the
convention. General E. B. Filley of Ohio
was elected chairman, J. P. Brown of
Georgia secretary, and Dr. W. E. W-.-bb of
Missouri sergeant-at-arms.
After the organization of the committee
had been effected it was supposed thai
action would \>e taken upon the selection
of the permanent officers of the conven
tion. It was the intention of the silver
men to do so at once, and they expected
some one representing the silver leaders to
be there to indicate what was desired to
be done. This did not turn out to be the
case, however. Some of the gold men
urged that the vote be immediately taken.
The silver men feared that this was a case
of the Greeks bearing gifts, and moved a
recess of five minutes, during which they
retired and held a short caucus. Senators
Harris and White and ex-Congress
man Bryan were mentioned for the chair
manship.
A committee of five members, consist
ing of George C. Gilbert of Kentucky, J.
E. Fenton of Washington, James V. Cole
man of California, E. W. Carmack of
Tennessee and John M. Duncan of Texas,
was appointed to confer with the silver
members and the Bimetal! ic League for
the purpose of selecting the proper chair
man and guiding the silver men of the
full committee.
It was decided that a recess until even
ing be taken. Accordingly, when the com
mittee resumed its session, a motion to ad
journ until 8 p. m. was put and carried.
When the committee on permanent or
ganization reassembled at 8 o'clock, the
slate, which it was understood had been
prepared, was all ready and was a sur
prise. Instead of the veteran Isham G.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
Harris of Tennessee, who bad been con
ceded to be the probable choice. Senator
Stephen M. White of California was sub
stituted. The only reason mentioned in
formally for the change was that mem
bers thought it undesirable to have both
the presiding officers from the Southern
States. George C. Gilbert of Kentucky
placed Senator White's name in nomina
tion, and briefly presented his special
qualifications for the office.
Gordon Wood of New Hampshire moved
to make Senator Hill of New York the
choice of the committee. A rollcall was
taken and the vote resulted in the se
lection of Senator White by 33 to 6.
The six States which voted for Hill
were Delaware, Massachusetts, Maryland,
New Hampshire, Pennsylvania and New
Jersey.
As creat a feature of the meeting was
the absence of ti R. Couder, representing
New York, and James Aldis of Connecti
cut. Four other States and Territories
were not represented. Hon. W\ J. Bryan
of Nebraska was in the committee- room
some time and there was considerable talk
in his absence about making him the per
manent presidine officer of the conven
tion. At the suggestion of bis friends,
however, his name was not presented
for the reason that he might be a candi
date.for President before the convention.
Thomas J. Cogan of Cincinnati was the
choice of the committee for secretary of
the convention. This office was supposed
to have been picked out for Major Towles,
the aged but energetic secretary of the
bimetallic committee, but be did not mus
ter enough votes at the time when they
counted.
Sergeant-ai-Arms Martin was the sub
ject of some sharp criticism, and an effort
was made by half a dozen radical silver
members whose names were withheld to
turn him down and recommend another
person for permanent sergeant-at-arrus.
The six men so voted when the question
took the form of a resolution, and when
they were defeated it was announced that
they reserved the right to bring in a
minority report recommending the re
moval of Colonel Martin.
The chief compiaint is that Colonel
Martin did not prove himself capable of
handling the convention efficiently, either
before or during the session to-day, and
that 3000 empty seats were partly the re
sult of his peculiar methods and theories.
F. Gordon of lowa, James Aidis of Con
necticut and James V. Coleman of Cali
fornia, were appointed a committee to
notify Senator White of his selection.
The following were also chosen convention
officers: L. D. Hirscheimer of Chicago,
first assistant secretary; Jeff Pollard of
Missouri, assistant reading secretary; E.
B. Wade of Tennessee, reading clerk; Nat
R. Walker of Florida, assistant reading
clerk.
NEW NATIONAL COMMITTEE
Representative Democrats Who Will
Work the Machinery of
the Party.
CHICAGO, 111., July 11.— The new Na
tional Democratic Committee is as fol
lows:
Alabama— Henry D. Clayton.
Arkansas— T. C. McKae.
California— J. J. Dwyer.
Colorado— Adair Wils-on.
Connecticut— Carlos French.
Delaware— R. R. Kenney.
Florida— Samuel I'asco.
Georgia— Clark Howelt.
Idaho— George Ainslie.
Illinois— Ttiomas G&han.
Indiana— Not chosen.
lowa— C. A. Walsh.
Kansas— J. G. Johnson.
Kentucky— Urey Woodson.
Louisiana— N. C. Blanchard.
Maine— Not chosen.
Maryland— Arthur P. Gorman.
Massachusetts— John W. Corcoran.
Michigan— D. J. Campau.
Minnesota— Daniel W. Lawler.
Mississippi— W. V. Bullivan.
Missouri— Not chosen.
Montana — J. J. McHctton.
Nebraska (contest)— W. H.Thompson (silver);
Tobias Castor (gold).
Nevada— R. I*. Keating.
New Hampshire— W. A. Sulloway.
New Jersey— James Smith Jr.
New York— W. F. t-heehan.
North Carolina— Joseph DanieL
North Dakota— W. N. Roach.
Ohio— John R. McLean.
Oregon— Charles Nlckell.
Pennsylvania— William F. Harrity.
Rhode Island— Richard B. Comstock.
South Carolina— B. R. Tlilman.
South Dakota— James M. Woods.
Tennessee— J. M. Head.
Texas— J. G. Dudley.
Utah— A. W. McCune.
Vermont— B. B. Smalley.
Virginia— P. J. Otey.
Washington— Hugh C. Wallace.
West Virginia— John T. McGraw.
Wisconsin— E. C. Wall.
Wyoming— W. H. Holliday.
Arizona— Marcus A. Smitb.
New Mexico — Notcnosen
Oklahaina— Whit M. Grant.
Indian Territory— Thomas Marcum.
District of Coiu Jibia— Not chobtu.
Alaska— Charles D. Rogers.
GOLD MEN
MAY BOLT
And Then Select Their
Own Man for Standard-
Bearer.
COMMITTEES TO FEEL
PUBLIC PULSE.
William C. Whitney Says the
Sound - Money" Delegates
•..,■.-. Should Not Be Hasty.
THEIR PRESENCE CHECKS THE
SILVERITES.
But There Is a Strong Temptation to
Name m Independent Candi
date for the Presidency.
CHICAGO, 111., July The sound
money men met in the Auditorium Hotel
this evening and after listening to a num
ber of speeches, some of which squarely
advised the gold men to bolt, the conven
tion adopted a resolution as follows:
"That a committee of one or more be
appointed from each State to confer with
the people and report the temper concern
ing the organization of the sound old
Democracy and how far such organization
should go for independent action next
November."
The meeting was organized at 9 o'clock,
under the chairmanship of Senator Gray
of Delaware. There were over 300 gold
men present, many of them representing
silver States where the unit rule has si
lenced them in the convention. Nearly
every Southern State was represented.
During the meeting there was a free ex
change of views upon the situation, and
speeches were made by W. C. Whitney,
Frederick Coudert of New York, ex-Gover
nor Russell of Massachusetts, John P.
Irish of California and others. Some of
the spetches deliberately advocated the
nomination of an independent gold Demo
cratic candidate. Much enthusiasm was
manifested during the session, and the
speeches were frequently interrupted with
cries of "Give us a separate candidate,"
"We won't stand for a silverite," etc.
Mr. Whitney's speech was short and
very conservative. He tried to impress
upon the delegates that no National move
ment for an independent candidate upon a
gold hasis would be wise unless the matter
had been fully discussed by the cold Dem
ocrats of the different States. He said if
there was any bolting from this conven
tion it should be simply an individual
affair intended as a protest of the gold
men against the action of the convention.
He further said that the presence of the
sound-money men has had a tendency to
make the action of the majority of the
convention more conservative than it
otherwise would have been, and that it
would likely proceed with more caution
to-morrow. He thought that the meas
ures adopted to-day were very harsh.
Yet they were, perhaps, light in compari
son to those that would have been adopted
had it not been for the presence and de
termined fight of the gold forces.
It was decided tbat the men to be ap
pointed by the different States in accord
ance with the resolution will report to
Senator Gray not later than August 1.
The resolution was discussed by most of
the delegates present and was especially
warmly praised by the Southern Demo
crats in attendance. The delegates freely
expressed tbe opinion that the probable
outcome of the new movement would be
the nomination of a gold man for the
Presidency by the sound-money Demo
crats. The meeting was a protracted one
and did not adjourn until near midnight.
Religion Not the Issue.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7 — This even
ing the following telegram was given
out at the Bland headquarters as
having come from Mr. Bland in re
sponse to one from Mr. Thurman of Ohio,
in which the latter denied hnving started
a fight against him on the ground that his
wife was a Catholic:
"Religion is not the issue. I am a
Methodist; have always been one; always
will be. If I were half as good as my
Catholic wife I would not worry about
getting into heaven. This is the senti
ment I expressed on a previous occasion
when her religion was criticized. I stand
by it now."
COMMITTEE ON RULES.
No Proposition Made by a Gold
Man Can Meet With the
Slightest Approval.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— The Com
mittee on Rules met in the Sherman
House this evening and organized by
electing J. B. Richardson of Tennessee
chairman an I F. B. Carter of Florida
secretary. H. D. Money of Mississippi
offered a resolution providing for the ap
pointment of a sub-committee of five to
draw up an order of business for the con
vention and to report in half an hour.
Francis M. Scott of New York moved as a
substitute that the rules of the temporary
organization be recommended to govern
the permanent organization. These rules
were the same as adopted by the last Na
tional Convention and those of the Fifty
third Congress so far as they apply. The
proposition of Mr. Scott was not agreed
to. The silver men fought shy of it for
the reason that it was proposed by a gold
man and they desired to be in a position
to report further on the rules and order
of business whenever such report would
be deemed necessary by the majority.
Mr. Scott's substitute was voted down
by 25 to 9, the nine representing the gold
element in the committee. Mr. Moneys
resolution was t!ien adopted. No change
was made in the representation accorded
to the Territories, which the silver men
talked of increasing from two to six in
each Territory. The chair appointed
Messrs. White of Michigan, Maguire of
California, Money of Mississippi, Hamil
ton of Massachusetts and Richardson of
Tennessee as a sub-committee to draw up
an order of business. No action was taken
regarding the two-thirds rul«, but it is
understood the question will come up to
morrow morning.
SILVER MEN TALK.
Senator Daniel Given an Ovation
and Serenade by His Ad
mirers.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— The Sherman
House to-night was the scene of an en
thusiastic impromptu gathering df silver
men, with brass ban i accompaniments
and Temporary Chairman Daniel and ex-
Congressman Bryan of Nebraska as the
oratorical attractions. General W. A.
Clark, chairman of the Montana delega
tion, introduced 6anator Daniel from the
parlor gallery.
The Senator said he had been one of the
advocates of silver who had never deviated
since be became a servant of the cause,
and hoped to live to beat down the efforts
of the autocrats of Europe to dictate to
the United States.
The next speaker, W. J. Bryan, was
loudly cheered. He intimated at the start
that the gold delegates from Nebraska had
more right in a Republican convention
than in a Democratic. There was no
doubt as to tbe result of this campaign.
It was no use considering details. It was
the general issue whether this country
could govern itself. It was the campaign
of '76 over again.
After others had spoken Senator Daniel
held a handshaking reception and the band
played a serenade.
SERENE FARMER BLAND.
He Goes to Town After Mail and
Buys a Pump-Chain and a
Plowshare.
LEBANON, Mo., July 7. -Mr. Bland
came to town this afternoon. He heard of
the preliminary balloting and selection of
chairman, etc., unmoved, and was the
most unconcerned man in Lebanon.
There was no enthusiasm displayed here,
not over twenty friends of Bland being
present at the Free Silver Clnb's head
quarters, most of whom were newspaper
men.
When the message came that the con
vention had adjourned until Wednesday
morning, Bland said: "Well, good night,
boys. I'll come in before noon to-morrow,
pure." Then he went down the street to
the postoffice and got in line with about
fifty others, farmers, hired men and house
wives, and waited for the distribution of
the mails.
After be had gotten his mail he crossed
over to the hardware store and bought a
new plowshare and a pump chain, and,
getting back into his old surrey with Gen
eral Mitchell, set off for home.
The cells of Newgate Jail are floored
with slate.
WHITE IS
BETRAYED.
Blackburn's Campaign in
the California Head
quarters.
FOOTE INTRODUCES THE
KENTUCKIAN.
War Records During the Rebel
lion Compared by John
P. Irish.
OPENING OF THE NATIONAL
CONVENTION.
Old-Line Democrats Cheer for Hill,
While Southerners Yell for
Daniel.
The Call's Headqi-arters, 1
Great Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, 111., July 7.)
Crops go by the weather. Useful cereals
are distanced by tbe weeds in weed
weather. Tbe political weather is peculiar.
A glance at the crop of Presidential can
didates "mentioned" shows that the weeds
are getting ahead ol the corn. Senator
Blackburn is here, a candidate for tiie
nomination, and is personally conducting
his campaign aided by Colonel Chirm and
two minstrels who sing. Chairman Foote
' of the California delegation invited the
combination to the delegation head
quarters last night with a view of securing
a solid vote for Blackburn. It is true that
the State convention indorsed Senator
j White for tbe Presidency, and it was to be
expected that the delegation would be pre
senting him at other headquarters instead
I of inviting competition to their own and
j promising to another the vcte pledged to
him.
When Senator Blackburn appeared he
was glowingly introduced by Mr. Foote,
and epoke first a eulogy of Kentucky,
mentioning especially as her leading fea
tures of excellence whisky, horses and
women. He said that he was thrilled by
the meeting with Foote; that they first
met as blanket-mates in that most glori
ous part of their career, when they were
fighting for the Southern Confederacy — a
service to their country of which he was
proud, for which he knew Foote had never
apologized and for which he would never
| make excuse. He said Kentucky, in view
of her past service to the country, of her
position and capacity to care for the popu
lar interests, in his person asked that
, her care and kindness be upon our 70.000,
-| 000 ol people through the executive
i office, and therefore asked of California a
; solid vote to intrust to her the Presidency
| in the person of a Kentucky statesman.
This speech, followed by "Dixie," "Old
Kentucky Home" and "The Bonnie Blue
Flag," aroused great enthusiasm and was
responded to in the most ornate style by
Mr. Foote. Some thought that either
Foote or Blackburn should have made
some reference to Senator White, for this
was the great event of the occasion in the
California delegation which had been care
fully prepared for, and no obligation of
hospitality excuses this ignoring of White.
True, White was not in the Confederate
army, but one or two members of the dele
gation tell me they do not regard that as a
positive disqualification. Others, who feel
that it does weaken him here, insist that
his services to California and to free silver
ought to strengthen that weak place in
his record. There are still others who feel
like the old farmer friend of Adlai Steven
son. The Vice-President tells the story
himself. He was a townsman of the late
David Davis and strongly advocated him
for the Presidency in one of the Presiden
tial years soon after the war closed.
Stevenson made in the Illinois Demo
cratic Convention a strong speech for Mr.
Davis. When he closed an old farmer took
him aside saying, "Adlai, I have ereat
confidence in your political judgment,
great respect for it, but don't yon think it
is a leetle too soon to bring Jeff out
again?"
As the hours went by Monday, melting
into tbe day of battle, the new Democracy
the force that is here to make new princi
ples, and, as some of them think, a new
heaven and a new earth and are likely to
make only a new hell, were sobered as
the hour of responsibility approached. So
Macbeth paused as his footfall echoed from
Duncan's door. No form of insult had
been spared. Roving bands clad in raga
muffin views had raided all State head
quarters to abuse Cleveland and Carlisle.
But they were met by the old Democracy
with a calmness that finally grew mysteri
ous and appalled them. They grew afraid
of the silence as children who shun it and
were driven back into their own company.
Then it was discovered that there are rival
ambitions — a generai desire to lead and an
aversion to follow. The cnameleon, Alt
geld, who flouted Bland's section on Sat
urday, was driven to Bland's side by tue
necessity of keeping himself in view.
The creat majority of the convention-to
be slept uneasily and awoke fevered. By
11 o'clock the great convention ball began
to fill. It is a vast iron-trussed structure,
admirably adapted to hold thousands, as
if Buffalo Bill had his Wild West show
there, and the day's crowd took the seats
as to an encore. It was leanly decorated.
Tawdry crayons of Democratic Presidents
were hung from the callery, Cleveland's
being in an obscure corner. The time un
til 1 o'clock was filled by a splendid brass
band, which played while men thought.
This period furnished interesting studies.
After light-opera airs came "Dixie," then
there rose and surged and sounded a
strident yell, uncanny and sinister, that
drowned the sounding brass and tinkling
cymbal. Then came an interlude, fol
lowed by the "Star-spangled Banner."
Was it applauded? Yes. I have heard it
whistled by a plowboy, sung by Patti and
played by a hundred horns. It is in mem
ory identified with patriotism that lives
and dies. To-day, as its notes sweetened
the air, its applause was tears. Old men
silently cried as if it were the threnody of
the party which has carried that banner
over mountain and desert and distance
until the sun that lit its folds in the morn
ing on the Atlantic kissed them good
night on the Pacific. The coronach of the
past rose and fell and echoed back from
the memories of men as sound among
mountains.
It was 1 o'clock before Chairman liar
rity, cool, calm, handsome, representing
the old Democracy, last of his line, called
the convention to order and asked it t<J
rise for prayer. Silence fell and meg
heard again the human voice raised as bf
the children of the wilderness in suppli«
cation.
Harrity reported that the National Conn
mittee, in accordance with usage, reported
for temporary chairman David B. Hill of
New York. The old Democracy arose and
cheered in a sonorous, orotund, red-necked
way tbat rolled like summer thunder
when the needod rain is about to fall on
the parched earth. When the reverbera
tions ceased the Alabama member of the
committee presented the minority report
for Daniel of Virginia. Then started a
yell like that which applauded "Dixie."
As Alabama held the stirrup for Virginia
to mount this sirocco of sound curled and
whirled. It cut and mangled, and blood
seemed to follow. It was cruelty woven
into a shriek, and the men who emitted it
seemed to use it as a weapon, and their
eyes glistened as it appeared to cut into
flesh and crunch into bones.
Then came the debate. New Jersey,
with her unbroken record of a popular
majority for every Democratic candidate
for the Presidency, pleaded for respect for
party precedent. Connecticut, by brave
Tom Waller, followed, gallantly saluting
the foe and declaring that the Northern
Democracy would submit with grace to de
feat in the convention, but to insult from.,
the South would respond with the lasting,
spirit of men slow to anger. New York,
by the matchless Fellows, declared the in
tention of her Democracy to refuse sub
mission to tbe abatement of one line or
letter of the hallowed precedents of the
party. He reminded them that four year*
aeo when the Cleveland men had two-
thirds of the convention, the committee
named for temporary chairman Mr. Owen«
of Kentucky, an opponent of Cleveland,
who was accepted without question.
At Mr. Fellows' only casual mention of
Cleveland's name in the merely recitative
part of his speech there was the first and
last outburst of National feeling as a trib-'
nte to a personality. For many roinute3
the great hail trembled while men and
women cheered the chief. In the vast
volume of sound there was mixed pleasure,
patriotism, glad memory, every element
that inspires the souls of freemen. Then
rose t!ie voice of Louisiana, husky with,
sugar, through the mouth of a representa
tive, who first swallowed a pitcher of water
and then proceeded to raise by irrigation
a speech which supplied the comic inter
lude of the first tragedy of the convention.
The roll was called. Tue old guard,
eyes open, rode into the ditch, and thou
sands went away, the patter of their re
treat deadening the sound of Virginia's
voice as she vaulted into the saddle and.,
put spurs to the unwilling steed.
John P. Ibish.
NEW YORK DELEGATION.
Congressman Sulzer Has a Lively
Tilt With Perry Belmont Dur
ing: the Meeting.
CHICAGO, 111., July 8. — The New
York State delegation adjourned at 1:15
o'clock this morning after a session which,
began at 11:30 o'clock without taking
action on the question of supporting a
free silver ticket.
Ex-Governor Flower presided, and
opened the proceedings with a speech in
which he indicated pretty clearly that he
believed in not indorsing the nominees
and platform of the convention provided
they represented free coinage.
Henry A. Purroy expressed opposition
to anything like a bolt. Perry Belmont
favored Governor Flower's sentiments,
and expressed his unwillingness to sup
port a free-silver candidate.
A sensational speech was made by Con
gressman Sulzer, in which he said he
would not bolt the ticket under any cir
cumstances, and when he returned to New
York he intended to call a meeting of hi 9
constituents to indorse it. Mr. Sulzer
characterized a bolt as treason.
"1 object to that word," cried Periy
Belmont.
"You may place your own construction
on it," retorted Mr. Suizer.
Mr. Coudert answered Mr. Sulzer, and
expressed sentiments against supporting
a free silver ticket, but said he would
abide by the will of the majority of the
delegation.
The meeting adjourned until B o'clock in
the morning without talcing action.
MRS. FOLTZ INDIGNANT.
No Truth In the Story That She
Would Go to the Chicago
Convention.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 7.— Mrs. Clara
Foltz, the distinguished lady lawyer.isquite
indignant at the puDlication of the Chicago
Asssociated Press dispatch announc
ing that she would present the argument
to the committee on resolutions of the
Democratic convention at Chicago in favor
of a woman suffrage plank m the platform.
Mrs. Foltz is still in New York, and
when seen she said the report was wholly
without foundation, as she had not con
templated attending the convention.
"Not only does my business here pre«
vent." she said, "bin I am -far from con
vinced of the desirability of pressing the
matter now. The public mind is full of
finance. The tendency is to narrow the
platform to a few phases.
"The subject of woman suffrage would
be unwelcome even to it? friends, because
they are engrossed with ottier themes,
and the incorporation of such a plank
does not accord with the general idea of
brevity that prevails.
"It would be almost irrational to hope
for an adequate hearing and careful con
sideration of the matter under the present
conditions. I certainly would not attempt
to present such a question to a convention
that by forte of surroundings was think
ing of sometbing else it detnied of more
importance."
HEW TO-DAY.
Second=hand
Bicycles
AT GREATBARGAINS
These machines have been thoroughly
overhauleu in our repair department and
are in excellent riding condition.
A FEW '95lOLlIBUS!
PLENTY OF OTHERS.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344- POST STREET.
Park Brand), Riding, Renting A Instructing,
PAGE, NEAR STANYAN.
34
REVIEWED
BY MAGUIRE,
Nothing Noisy About the
Big Battle in the Con
vention.
YELLOW JACKETS ARE
EASILY BEATEN.
The National Committee's Act
Rightly Treated as a
Courtesy.
AFTER ALL THE MAJORITY MUST
ALWAYS RULE.
Bolters at Liberty to Pursue Any
Course That Their Conscience
May Dictate.
Thb Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, 111., July 7.)
As was expected there was a battle royal
between the gold and silver forces in the
Democratic National Convention to-day.
There was • uothinsr particularly noisy
about it, but tbe feeling on both sides was
intense and permeated the audience as
well as the delegates.
The "yellow jackets, "as Amos Cum
mings calls them, who are in the majority
in the National Committee, miscalculat ed
the temper and spirit of the convention
when they determined, on the plea of pre
cedent, to force the great silver majority
to accept a gold bug as presiding officer.
The committee's authority to name the
presiding officer of the convention was
rightly treated as a mere courtesy, to be
respected only so long as the committee
sought to respect the will of a majority of
the convention. In this case it bad auda
ciously sought to override the will of the
majority of the convention, for the benefit
of special interests with which a majority
of its members were in sympathy.
The committee was promptly and se
verely rebuked by the convention, as it
deserved to be. Tne tearful pleas made on
behalf of Senator Hill that a Democratic
Convention should not put the brand of
its want of confidence upon him were ill
timed and irrelevant. Nobody thought of
putting a stigma on Senator Hill. The
tight was impersonal. Senator Daniel
represented one principle and Hill another
di metrically opposed to it.
Fbe >upporters of one principle voted
for Daniel and the supporters of the other
voted for Hill. Indeed, the best personal
friends that Hill bad in the convention
voted for Daniel, while the anti-snappers
of four years ago were Hill's loudest
champions. They who had sought to
trample him to earth in 1592 begged us in
1896 not to put the stamp of disapproba
tion upon this glorious Democratic leader.
The silver men are well satisfied of the
result of to-day's work, and while some of
the cold men, sore and bitter, are talking
of bolting the convention, the silver men,
without taunt or exultation, are quietly,
but with the utmost determination, pur
suing the course which they have mapped
out and which they will pursue to the
end, regardless of intrigues and threats.
The platform will emphatically declare
for the free and unlimi ted coinage of sil
ver at the ratio of 16 to 1, regardless of
what any other nation may do, and the
candidate will be as strong as tbe plat
form. lam quite sure the platform will
contain a plank in opposition to the re
funding of the Pacific railroad debts. Im
mediately upon the assembling of the
committee on platform and resolutions I
submitted to it through Senator White,
who is a member of the committee, the
following resolution on that subject:
"No discrimination should be made by
the Government of the United States be
tween its poor and its rich debtors. All
should be dealt with on terms of equal
ity, in accordance with our general laws.
We therefore commend the course of the
Democratic Fifty-third Congress in de
feating the Pacific Railroad Funding bill,
and we condemn the similar measure now
pending before tbe Fifty-fourth Congress
as an undemocratic discrimination in
favor of rich and fraudulent debtors of
the Government, and as a gross injustice
to the monopoly-ridden people of the Pa
cific Coast"
Senator White made a strong ar
gument before the sub-committee to
which it was referred, and just in
formed me that the committee has practi
cally agreed to recommend the adoption of
the following very satisfactory substitute:
"No discrimination should be indulged
by the Government of the United States
in favor of any of its debtors. We ap
prove of the refusal of th«s Fifiy-third
Congress to pass the Pacific Railroad fund
ing bill, and denounce tbe efforts of the
present Republican Congress to enact a
similar measure."
This plank, if adopted by the conven
tion, will fully accomplish our purpose
and will secure to us the solid support of
the Democrats in the Senate and House of
Representatives in opposition to the re
funding scheme. Too much credit cannot
be given to Mr. Caminetti for his untiring
and effective efforts in this matter.
The delegation was agreeably surprised
to learn this evening that Senator White
bad been selected for permanent chair
man of the convention. No one on his be
half had sought or solicited the place tor
him, and the bonor therefore comes in the
best possible form.
The committee on ruies, of which I am
a member, held a protracted and acri
monious meeting to-night. Some of the
gold men seemed to be constantly seeking
for a cause of quarrel. They repeatedly
intimated that we might do something
that would cauee a bolt in the convention,
and also suggesting that they would force
us to take immediate action upon the
question of repealing the two-thirds rule.
They were at last politely but firmly
informed that the majority of the
convention would deal properly with the
two-thirds rule whenever it may become
necessary to consider it, and as to the mat
ter of a bolt, our action as delegates would
be in no way influenced by the fear of it,
and that the bolters would be Jeft per
fectly free to pursue any course that their
principles and consciences might suggest.
Thus the matter stands to-night, and to
morrow's battle promises to be equally ex
citine and interesting.
Jamer G. Magcibs.
BUILDING THE PLATFORM.
The Troublesome Free-Colnagre
Plank Referred to a Sub-Com
mittee.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— Although
there was some objection to the hour fixed
for the assembling of the committee on
resolutions (9 o'clock, at the Palmer House)
it was some time after that dour before
the committee was called to order. The
crowd gathered about the committee- room
and made life a burden to Assistant Ser
geant-at-Arms Moise of Kansas by their
persistent demands to see members of the
National Committee, whom they imagined
to be occupying the apartment, as they
bad done yesterday. He was successful,
however, in maintaining the privacy of
the body.
When the committee on resolutions met
Senator Stephen M. White of California
was chosen chairman by acclamation.
He was called to the door an instant after
and met a committee representing the
committee on permanent organization,
who notified him of his selection as per
manent chairman of the convention. He
went back into the committee-room and
announced the necessity of their making
a change in the chairmanship. Thereupon
Senator J. K. Jones of Arkansas, chair
man of the silver-steering committee and
the man most generally spoken of as the
chairman of the next National Committee,
was chosen to succeed Mr. White.
The committee began work through a
motion by Mr. Thomas of Colorado that
a sub-committee of nine be appointed
with Senator Jones of Arkansas as its
chairman, to construct a platform and re
port to the full committee to-morrow
morning at 9 o'clock.
Mr. McDermott of New Jersey offered
an amendment which provided that this
sub-committee be authorized to prepare
the entire platform, with the exception of
tbe financial plank, and that that be dis
posed of by the full committee. Mr. Mc-
Dermott is a sound-money man, and in a
short but aggressive speech declared that
he did not want the financial plank con
structed by any sub-committee, for the
reason that existing conditions demanded
as much publicity as possible in the dis
cussion of financial questions. He was
vigorous in his protest against what he
knew would be the action of the commit
tee, and intimated that the Democrats of
New Jersey and the East could not and
would not support a tiee-coinage plank.
Mr. McDermott'B speech was construed
by the silver men of the committee as a
threat that be would bolt the ticket, and
Senator White of California replied to that
threat in his accustomed energetic fashion.
Among other things Mr. White said that
he for one would never dare to go into a
National Convention whose final edict he
intended to repudiate.
"Has he," said Serator White, referring
to Mr. McD«rmott, "never learned that
the constitution of this country made sil
ver equal with gold and the money of the
land ? Is he astonished now that that con
stitution shall be upheld? If he believes
it is necessary to the perpetuation of Dem
ocracy that he must lie down to the tyran
nical power of gold, let him go."
In some portions of his argument Sen
ator White was especially severe in his
condemnation of what was construed to
be Mr. McDermott' s threat and his high
pitched voice was at times plainly heard
ecnoing through the halls above the noise
ami confusion of the crowd.
Further remarks were made by Mr. Har
rison of Connecticut In favor of the
amendment, and by Mr. Jones of New
Mexico on tbe other side. The debate
gave promise of continuing indefinitely
and of causing some feeling. Mr. Regan
of Texas effectually put a stop to this dis
cussion by moving the previous question
on the motion to appoint a sub-committee.
"Does the previous question extend to
the committee's first question f" quietly
asked Senator Vilas of the chairman, with
ill-disposed astonishment.
"Yes," said Senator Jones, and as he
made this reply a smile stole over the
face of every member of the committee
familiar with parliamentary procedure.
Tbe ruling of the chair was final and by
a vote of 36 ayes to 14 noes the previous
question was put. Tbe motion to appoint
the sub-committee as originally intended
was then carried by a viva voce vote.
The sub-committee consists of the fol
lowing gentlemen: Senator Jones of Ar
kansas, chairman: Senators Cockrell of
Missouri, George of Mississippi, Gray of
Delaware, HiJl of New York and Tillman
of South Carolina, Russell of Massachu
setts, Worthington of Illinois and Owens
of Indian Territory.
Senator Vilas of Wisconsin was first
named, but withdrew and suggested the
substitution of Mr. Russell. This com
mittee was instructed to report to the full
committee to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock,
and after some further discussion at 11
o'clock the full committee adjourned and
the sub-committee went into executive
session.
The desire of the committee to shut off
protracted debate was made manifest when
a motion was made to allow any member
desiring to submit a pla tform plank five
minutes in which to discuss the plank. It
was promptly voted down, members be
ing requested informally to leave their
proposed planks with the chairman. This
resulted in unloading upon the table a
very large variety of planks, chief among
them being contributions on the finan
cial, tariff and Cuban questions. A
delegation representing the National
Suffrage Association requested per
mission to be heard, but the
sub-committee declined to hear any one
on any subject and gave strict orders to
its sergeant-at-arms that its proceedings
must not be interrupted. Just before tbe
committee went into executive session
Senator Hill made the statement that
there would in all probability be a great
deal of discussion and a very careful con
sideration of the proposed financial plank.
He expects the sub-committee to be in
session several hours and hopes through
argument that will be advanced that a
conservative policy will be pursued and a
modification of the original intention of
the silver leaders agreed to.
On the other hand Senators Jones and
Tillman made the positive assertion that
the financial plank shall declare for the
free and unlimited coinage of silver at the
specific ratio of 16 to 1 in language that
cannot be misun lerstood and as tersely
expressed as is possible for the committee
to formulate it.
Senator White of California submitted
to the committee the following, which he
hopes will be adopted :
"No discrimination should be indulged
in by the Government of the United States
in favor of any of its debtors. We approve
of the refusal of the Fifty-third Con«re3s
to pass the Pacific Railroad funding bill,
and denounce the efforts of the present
Republican Congress to enact a similar
measure."
At midnight Senator White returned
and was closeted with the sub-committee
for a few minutes. He afterward stated,
in answer to a question, that the financial
plank would be agreed upon before a great
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
while. This waa confirmed shortly after
midnight by Senator Hill, who appeared
at the door for a moment and stated that
there would be two reports on the money
resolution. At the time the silver mem
bers of the sub-committee were in confer
ence upon the text of the resolution, there
being some changes in form suggested
which they desired to discuss.
It was said by one of the members that
the sub-committee was makinc but slow
progress, the discussion so far having been
confined to the money plank, the only
thing, he said, there was really to evoke
discussion. It is tbe money plank, in
stead of being a short, sharp declaration,
that will be tbe long part of the platform ;
but, of course, will demand free and un
limited coinage of silver at 16 to 1. The
tariff plank, it is reported, will declare
that the present is a Democratic tariff law
and will be only a brief statement upon
the subject.
At 2 o'clock this morning the sub-com
mittee adjourned until 8:30 this (Wednes
day) morning, when the platform agreed
upon will be reported to the full commit
tee. The platform declares for the free
and unlimited coinage of silver at 16 to 1;
denounces tbe issue of bonds; demands
that the power to issue circulating notes be
taken from National banks; declares for a
tariff for revenue only and asserts that the
re-enactment of the McKinley law would
be a menace to the best interests of the
country; declares for a constitutional
amendment which will enable the enact
ment of an income tax law ; extends strong
sympathy to the Cubans in their present
struggle with Spain ; demands that pauper
immigrants shall be kept out of the
country; declares for liberal pension legis
lation; approves of the contempt of court
bill reported by Senator Hill to the Sen
ate, which bill grew out of the Debs case,
and denounces the Republican House of
the present Congress for not passing it;
denounces the Pacific Railroad funding
bill that has been reported to the Senate;
opposes a third term as being iv violation
i of one of the cardinal principles of the
! Democratic party, and denounces the ex
| travagance of tbe last Republican Congress.
A minority report will be presented by
j Messrs. Hill, Gray and Russell.
Chicago
SETTLING CONTESTS.
Contestants Present Their Cases
Before the Committee on
Credentials.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— Tbe commit
tee on credentials organized by electing J.
H. Atwood of Kansas chairman and M. E.
Benton of Missouri secretary. Contests
were filed from Nevada, Nebraska, Michi
gan and South Dakota.
Mr. Baker for the contestants read a
statement protesting against the seating of
the four delegates at large from Michigan—
E. G. Stevenson, T. A. E. Weadock, Rob
ert R. Blacker, Peter White — and the dele
gates from tbe Fourth and Ninth distriots.
He read voluminous affidavits to sustain
his contention that the Michigan conven
tion was controlled by Federal office-hold
ers, by bribery, intimidation and the vio
lation of instructions by delegations, and
by putting on the roll of district conven
tion tbe names of nine delegates from
counties that never held conventions.
By these methods he claimed that a sil
ver majority of 160 was tnrned into a gold
majority of SS, and with tbe convention
thus thrown into their hands the gold men
railroaded everything through and would
hear nothing from the silver side.
Mr. Baker was accorded forty minutes,
and then F. G. Stevenson, for the sitting
delegation, presented his side of the case.
The committee, by a vote of 27 to 16,
recommended the seating of the contest
ing delegates, four at large and two in the
Fourth and Ninth districts each from the
State of Michigan.
The unit rule prevails in the Michigan
delegation, and this action of the commit
tee, if confirmed by tbe convention, will
throw tbe solid vote of Michigan into tbe
silver column, and it gives the silver men
the majority of tbe delegation.
Mr. Stevenson supported his contention
that the flitting members from Michigan
were entitled to their seats by reading
numerous affidavits He made a vigorous
presentation of his side and the contest
developed bitter personalities. A general
quizzing by members of the committee
was indulged in and Mr. Stevenson, Mr.
Hummer and Mr. Baker were subject
to it.
The Eastern men, led by Mr. Weed of
New York, supported the sitting members
when the committee resumed its executive
session to consider the case. Senator Me-
Laurin of Mississippi led the tight for the
contestants, and finally by a vote of 27 to
16 tbe Michigan contestants, eight in num
ber, were seated. ,
A motion to adjourn was taken at 1 a. m.,
but voted down, the committee deciding
to wind up its business to-night. The
Nebraska business was then taken up and
debate on each side limited to fifteen min
utes. C. J. Smith opened the case for the
contestants.
He argued that the silver delegates were
the only regularly elected delegates and
that the other faction were merely rolt
ers. T. J. Mahoney argued for the gold
men. He claimed the silver wing bad left
the Democratic party and gone over to the
Populists, whose ticket they had partly in
dorsed in the last campaign, and that the
gold wing was the only lepresentative of
Democracy in Nebraska.
Mr. Bryan closed tbe case on behalf of
himself and the other silver delegates.
He asserted that the majority of tbe State
convention of 1893 were office-holdcs or
prospective candidates. Nine-tenths of
the people of Nebraska were in favor of
free silver, and if the office-holders were
barred from the gold wing there would
not be enough left to hold a caucus.
A motion was made to seat both delega
tions, but was voted down. The commit
tee then, without taking a baiiot. unseated
the gold delegates and seated the Bryan or
silver delegates.
The action of the National Committee in
the Nevada case was confirmed. The con
test from South Dakota was then taken
up and William A. Lynch presented the
case for the contestants.
«.
Tennessee for Bland.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— The Tennessee
delegation reached the Presidential vote
to-night, after a long and warm caucus, in
which the voices of delegates and outside
representatives of Mr. Boies were heard
pleading for and against the iowan. Mr.
Bland's supporters were in the majority
by only one when it came to a vote, thir
teen being recorded for the Missouri man,
ten for Boies and Senator Harris absent.
The soeeches in support of Mr. Bland
were made by the delegates, whi c Mr.
Boies' cause was advocated tiy J. V. Sov
ereign and L. T. Genung. Under the unit
rule which governs the action of the dele
gation, the twenty-four votes of Tennessee
will be cast on the first ballot for Mr.
Bland.
Itrllablr Artcs a Necessity.
;•:* BANDUSKY, Ohio, July .7.— Th« San
dusky Telegraph, one of ,the leading even
ing ■ papers i of -I Northern ■ Ohio, began on
Saturday to receive ' the dispatches of the
United Press. .
— » » »
Loans on watches. Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant avenue. ';**- * "
HOBART IS
NOTIFIED,
Accepts the Nomination for
Vice-President in a
Neat Speech.
PARAMOUNT QUESTIONS
OF THE DAY.
Gold the One Standard Among
All Enlightened Commer
cial Agencies.
A PBOTECTION ADVOCATE FOE
THIRTY YEAES.
Desirous of Seeing American Work
shops in Foil Blast and Opera
tives Well Paid.
PATERSON, N. J., July 7.-The com
mittee appointed for the purpose by the
Republican Convention of St. Louis
waited on Garret A. Hobart to-day at his
house in this city and formally notified
him of his nomination to the office of
Vice-President. Charles W. Fairbanks
acted as spokesman.
Mr. Fairbanks said:
Mr. Hobart, the Republican National Con
vention recently assembled at Bt. Louis com
missioned us to formally notify you of your
nomination for the office of Vice-President of
the United States. We are met pursuant to the
direction of the convention to perform the
duty assigned us.
In all the splendid history of the great party
which holds our loyal allegiance the necessity
was never more urgent for steadfast adherence
to those wholesome principles which have
been the sure foundation rock of our National
prosperity. The demand wa* never greater
for men who hold principle above all else, and
who are unmoved either by the clamor of the
hour or the promise of falsfl teachers.
The convention at St. Louis in full measure
met the high demands of the times in its
declaration of party principles and in tne nom
ination of candidates for President and Vice-
President. Sir, the office for which you were
nominated is of rare dignity, honor and power.
It has been graced by the most eminent states
men who havu contributed to the upbuilding
of the strength and glory of the Republic.
Because of your exalted personal character
and of your intelligent and patriotic devotion
to the enduring principles of a protective
tariff, which wisely discriminate in lavor of
American interests and to a currency whose
soundness and integrity none can challenge,
and because of your conspicuous fitness for the
exacting and important duties of the high ol
fice the Republican National Convention, with
a unanimity and enthusiam rarely witnessed,
chose you as our candidate for Vice-President
of the United States. We know it to be grati
fying to you personally to be the associate of
William McKinley in the pending contest.
For you and your distinguished associate we
bespeak the enthusiastic and intelligent sup
port of all our countrymen who desire that
prosperity shall again rule throughout the Re
public.
In accepting the nomination Hobart
expressed himself as gratified at being
associated with McKinley; promised to
do his utmost for the success of the
party and to do his duty if elected. He
said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen ot the Com
mittee: I beg to extend to you my grateful
acknowledgments for the very kind and nat
tering termt in which you convey the formal
announcement of my nomination for Vice-
President of the United States by tho Republi
can Convention at St. Louis. lam profoundly
sensible of the honor which has been done me
and through me to the State in which all my
life has been spent in my selection as a candi
date for this high office. I appreciate it the
more because it associates me, in a contest
which involves the very gravest issues, with
one who represents in his private character
aad public career the highest intelligence and
best spirit of his party, and with whom my
personal relations are such as to afford a
guarantee of perfect accord In the work of the
campaign which lies before me.
It is sufficient for me to say at this time
that, concurring without reserve in all the
declarations of principle and policy embodied
in the St. Louis platform, I accept the nomina
tion tendered me, with a full appreciation of
Its responsibilities, and with an honest pur
pose, in the event that the people shall ratify
the choice made by the National Convention,
to discharge any duties which may devolve
upon me with sole reference to the public
good.
Let me add that it will be my earnest effort
In the coming campaign to contribute in every
way possible to tbe success of the party which
we represent, and which, as to the important
issues of the time, stands for the best interests
of the people. Uncertainty or instability as to
the money question involves most serious con
sequences to every interest and to every cit
izen of the country.
The gravity of this question cannot be over
estimated. There can be no financial security,
no business stability, no real prosperity, where
the policy of the Government as to that ques
tion is at all a matter of doubt.
Gold is the one standard of value among all
enlightened commercial agencies. All finan
cial transactions of whatever character, all
business enterprise, all individual or corporate
investments are adjusted to it. An honest dol
lar worth 100 cents everywhere cannot be
coined out of 53 cents worth of sliver plus a
legislative fiat.
Such a debasement of our currency would
Inevitably produce incalculable loss, appal
ling disaster and National dishonor.
It is a fundamental principle in coinage, rec
ognized and followed by all the statesmen of
America, and nev r yet departed srom, that
there can be only one basis on which gold and
silver may De concurrently coined as money,
and that basis is equality, not in weight, but
in the commercial value of the msial contained
in the respective coins. This commercial value
is fixed by the markets of the world, with
which the great interests of our country are
necessarily connected by innumerable busi
ness ties which cannot be severed or ignored.
Great and self-reliant as our country ii, it is
not great alone within its own borders and
upon its own resources, but because it also
reaches out to the ends of the earth in all the
manifold departments of business, exchange
and commerce and must maintain with honor
its standing and credit among the nations of
the earth. The question admits of no com
promise. It is a vital principle at stak», but
it is in no nen«e partisan or sectional. It con
cerns all the people. Ours is one of toe fore
most nations and must have a monetary sys
tem equal to the best
It is of vital consequence that this question
should be :ettled now in such a way as to re
store public confidence, here and everywhere,
in the integrity of our purpose. A doubt of
that integrity among the other great commer
cial countries of the world will not only cost
ns millions of money, but that which, as
patriots, we should treasure still more highly—
our industrial and commercial supremacy.
My estimate of the value of a protective
policy has been formed by the study of the ob
ject lesaons of a great industrial State extend
ing over a period of thirty years. It is that
protection not only builds up important ia
dustries from small beginnings, but that those |
and all other industries nourish or languish j
in proportion as protection is maintained or
withdrawn. I have seen it indisputably proved
that the prosperity of the farmer, merchant
and all other classes of citizens goes hand in
hand with that of the manufacturer and me
chanic.
I am firmly persuaded that what we need roost
of all is to remove the business paralysis that af
flicts this country by the restoration of a
policy which, while affording ample revenue j
to meet the expenses of the Government, will
reopen American workshops on full time and
full handed, with their operatives paid good
wages in honest dollars. And this can only
come under a tariff which will hold the in
terests of our own people paramount in our
political and commercial systems.
The opposite policy, which discourages \
American enterprise, reduces Amprican labor j
to idleness, diminishes the earnings of Amer- j
lean workingmen, opens our mark is to com- j
modities from abroad which we should pro- j
duce at home, while closing foreign markets j
against our products, and which at the same ;
time steadily augments the public debt, in
creasing the public burdens while diminish
ing the ability of the people to meet them, 1b
a policy which must find its chief popularity
elsewhere than among American citizens.
I shall take an early opportunity, gentlemen
Of the committee, through you to communi
cate to my fellow-citizens with somewhat
more of detail my views concerning the domi
nant questions ol the hour and the crisis
which confronts us as a Nation.
With this brief expression of my apprecia
tion of the distinguished honor that has been
bestowed upon me and this signification of my
acceptance of the trust to which I have been
snmmoned I place myself at the service of the
Republican party and of the country.
CANTON, Ohio, July 7.— Major McKin
ley received the press report of the Chicago
convention at his house to-day, and was
much interested in the story. He was also
deeply interested in Hon. Garret A. Ho
bart's speech to the notification committee,
and the reading of it plainly gave him
satisfaction. Mr. Hobart's speech was
much commented on here and the opinions
expressed concerning it were of a compli
mentary nature.
DONE IN THE CONVENTION
Continutd from Second Page.
the sunrise in Maine and spread into a
sunburst in Louisiana and Texas. It
stretched in unbroken line across the con
tinent, from Virginia and Georgia to Cali
fornia, it swept like a prairie tire over
lowa a id Kansas and it lighted up the
horizon. When he «aw the grand array
and thought of the British gold standard
that had been recently unfurled over the
ruins of Republican promises at St. Louis,
he thought of the battle of New Orleans, of
which it was said:
There stood John Bull in martial pomp,
But there stood old Kentucky.
"There was no north, south, east or west
in tbe uprising of tbe people for Ameri
can emancipation from the conspiracy of
European kings led by Great Britain,
which sought to destroy half of the money
of the world and to make American manu
facturers, merchants, farmers and me
chanics hewers of wood and drawers of
water. He appealed to all Democrats to
acquiesce in the will of tbe great majority
of their fellow Democrats and to go with
them, as they had oftertimes gone with
those to whom he appealed. Mr. Daniel
continued:
"Do not forget that in the last National
Convention of 1882 you proclaimed your
selves to be in favor of the use of both
gold and silver as the standard money of
the country and for the coinage of both
gold and silver without discrimination
against either metal or charge for mintage,
and that the only question left open was
the ratio between the metals.
"Do not forget that just four years ago
in that same convention, the New York
delegation stood here solid and immovable
for a candidate committed to the free and
unlimited coinage of silver and gold at
tbe ratio of 16 to 1, and that we are for it
still. It is in some measure from your
teachings. That we owe you much is
readily and gratefully acknowledged,
but are not our debts mutual and not one
sided to each other?
"As this majority of Democrats is not
sectional, neither is it for any privilege or
for class legislation. The active business
men of this country, its manufacturers,
its merchants, its farmers, its sons of toil
in counting-room, factory, field and mine
know that a contraction of the currency
sweeps away with the silent and relent
less force of gravitation the annual profits
of their enterprise and investment, and
they know, too, that the gold standard
means contraction and the organization of
disaster. [Applause.]
"What hope is there for the country,
what hope for Democracy, unless the
views of the majority here be adopted?
The Republican party ha 3 now renounced
the creed of its platforms and of our stat
utes. It has presented to the country the
issue of higher tcxes, more bonds and less
money, and has proclaimed for the British
gold standard.
"We can only expect, should they suc
ceed, new spasms of panic and a long-pro
tracted period of depression. Do not ask
us, then, to join them on any of these
propositions. If we should go upon the
gold standard it is evident that we must
change the existing bimetallic pay
ment of all public debts, taxes and ap
propriations, save those specifically pay
able in gold only. And as we have ;wenty
billions of public and private debt, it
would take more than three times all the
gold in the country to pay one year's in
terest in that medium.
"We should be compelled hereafter to
contract the currency by paying the five
hundred millions of greenbacks and Sher
man notes in i old, which would nearly
exhaust the entire American stock in and
out of the treasury, and the same policy
would require that the three hundred and
forty-four millions of silver certificates
should be paid in gold, as foreshadowed
by the present Director of the Mint in his
recommendation.
"This means the increase of the public
debt by $500,000,000 of interest-bearing
gold bonds, with the prospect of $344,000,
-000 to follow. The disastrous consequences
of such a policy are appalling to contem
plate, and the only alternative suggested
is the free coinage of silver as well as gold
and the complete restoration of our Amer
ican system of bimetallism.
"Bring us, we pray yon, no more make
shifts and straddles. Vex the country
with no more prophecies or smooth tilings
to come from the British Republican gold
propaganda. We may learn that this
great Nation with a natural basa (as Glad- I
stone said) of tbe greatest continuous em
pire ever established by man, with far
more territory and more productive en
ergy than Great Britain, France and Ger
many combined, without dependence
upon Europe for anything that it
produces, and with European dependence
upon us for much that we produce, is
fully capable of restoring its constitutional
money system of gold and silver at an
equality with each other, and as our
fathers in 1776 declared our National inde- j
pendence, so now baa the party founded
by Thomas Jefferson, the author of that
declaration, met here to declare our finan
cial independence of all other cations aad
to invoke all true Americans to assort it
by their votes and place their country
where it of right belongs, as the freest and
foremost Nation of the earth."
The extreme length of Senator Daniel's
speech weakened the attention paid to his
remarks, and during a great part of the
time occupied in iis delivery the buzz of
conversation in the halls and galleries al
most drowned his resonant voice. Only
when he uttered some recognized phrase,
such as 16 to 1, was there any revival of
interest and applause. He closed by an
nouncing that the National Democratic
Convention was now in session and was
ready to proceed to the business of or
ganization.
Immediately there arose cries of "Hill !"
from all parts of the hall, and the ser
geant-at-arms was called upon to restore
order.
Senator Jones of Arkansas arose at this
juncture and offered resolutions of thanks
to Chairman Harrity, which were adopted,
for the manner in which he had dis
charged his duty as presiding officer.
Resolutions that the rules of the Fifty
third Congress govern the convention
until otherwise ordered were offered by
Senator White of California and adopted.
On motion of ex-Governor Hogg of Texas
the roll was called to give each State and
Territory an opportunity to name its selec
tions for the committees on credentials,
permanent organization, rules and order
of business and platform.
The ioud cries of "Hill !" were renewed
before the question could be put, but the
New York Senator did not respond and the
call proceeded.
General E. B. Finley of Ohio, in behalf
of the contestants from South Dakota, en
tered a protest against any of the mem
bers whose names are now accredited to
South Dakota being appointed to serve
on committees. Chairman Daniel de
cided, however, that the contests could be
decided only by reference to the commit
tee on credentials, and that the request of
the contestants could not be granted.
Congressman Sulzerof New York took
advantage of the interruption to offer his
Cuban plank (which was not read), for
reference to the committee on resolu
tions.
When the various committees had been
appointed the members withdrew for or
panization, and the convention then, at
4:45 p. m., adjourned until to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock.
ARRESTED AT WILLIAMS
Dick Miller Charged With Com
plicity in the Rumsey
Robbery.
Implicated by a Confession Male by
Charles Stewart in the Wood*
land Jiil.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 7.— Constable
Harrison of Capay arrived in this city
late last night, having In custody Dick
Miller, whom he arrested on a ranch six
miles from Williams, Colusa County.
Miller is charged with being an accom
plice of Charles Stewart in the robbing of
the Rumsey postofnee last September.
Stewart was yesterday sentenced to ten
years' imprisonment in San Quentin.
After Stewart received his sentence he
made a confession to District Attorney
Hopkins, which implicated Miller in the
robbery.
During Stewart's trial George Miller,
his wife and several sons and daughters
tried to establish an alibi, in order to ac
quit Stewart, who had been residing with
the Miller family near Guinda. Their
stories, if true, proved a complex alibi.
Upon the conviction of Stewart his coun
sel made a motion for a new trial, and
about a month ago he began to feign in
sanity in order to escape punishment, but
his efforts were futile. He came to the
conclusion that he had better give up and
receive sentence.
Stewart sent for the officers and told
them that he and Dick Miiler robbed the
postofnee, and that the robbery was
planned at the Miller ranch. He said they
first decided to rob the Williams express
office, but it was afterward learned that
the job could not be successfully carried
out.
The preliminary examination of Miller
wil! be held at Guinda to-morrow, and at
that time it is probable that all the mem
bers of the Miller family who endeavored
to establish an alibi for Stewart will be
placed under arrest. Stewart's reason for
confessing is that he became angry at the
Miller family for ceasing to assist him in
getting out of trouble.
THE SAN JOSE TRAGEDY
Grief Over the Loss of Her Hair
Led to Frankie Marr's
Suicide.
Had Been Shorn of Her Tresses Because
She Went for a Ride With
a V uth.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 7.— An inquest to
day over the body of Frankie Marr, the
17-year-old girl who committed suicide
last evening at the Burke residence, near
Alviso, developed the fact that the dis
grace felt at having her head s.iorn of iti
wealth of hair because she went bugjry
ridin.' with a young man led her to take
her life.
During the past ten days Mrs. M. A.
Barke, who had adopted the girl, had beea
in San Francisco, and in her absence
Frankie had gone for a drive in the even
ing with a young man named Herman
Berry, who is employed on the Wade
ranch, near by. When Mrs. Burke re
turned last evening, she heard of the
girl's action, and clipped her hair off
sbo rt, and told her that she would keep
her in the house for at least a month*.
The girl's hair was cnt so close in some
places that the scalp was almost bare.
Tbe girl felt the disgrace so keenly that
&h«t went to her room and took a dose of
carbolic acid. She was a native of Cali
fornia and 17 years of age. She helped
with the housework about the Burke resi
dence, and had been with the family about
three years. She was taken from an
orphans' home in San Francisco.
The Coroner's jury returned a verdict
of death from carbolic acid, taken with
suicidal intent. It also found that her
death might have resulted from grieving
for the mutilation of her hair at the hands
of her guardian.
FENTERA'S VETERAN GUESTS
Programme of Events Provided for Their
Entertainment -
VENTURA, Cal., July 7.— The election
held i:ere to-nig t resulted in the election
of M rs.Viohi Kenyon, Ventura, as president
of the Woman's Auxiliary to the Southern
California Veterans' Association. Mrs.
Benjamin, Jarvis, senior vice-president,
and Mrs. Harris, Santa Monica, junior
vice-president.
To-day Camp Phil Sheridan was turned
over to Cushing Corps, G. A. R., of Ven
tura, and the grounds have been themecca
for Venturians. This evening an elaborate
literary programme was rendered by mem
bers and friends of Cushing Post. Wednes
day the camp will be turned over to tbe
W." R. C, who will appoint the officers of
the day ami manage the details from sun
rise to midnight. A banquet and niusicale
and literary programme will be among the
features.
Thursday the Veteran Association, W. K.
C. and Sons of Veterans will be thei-uestsof
J. H. McCutchen. An old-fashioned camp
dinner will ba given by him at Santa
Paula Sulphur Springs. Arrangements
have been completed for 600 guests. This
promises to be the most interesting day of
theencampment, as many ex-rebel soldiers
from Los Angeies and Ventura County
will participate, Mr, McCutchen beinu; one
of the most prominent men in Ventura
County and a veteran of the Confederate
Army. The excursion pa-ty will journey
Ito the camp via the Ojai Valley and
Nordhoff, over the kite-shaped track.
Friday the annual election will be held
and camp struck.
•
MURDER AT OAKDALE.
James Brady Shot and Instantly Killed by
a Discharged Ranch Em
ploye.
OAKDALE.CaI., July 7.— James Brady,
a laborer on Eugene Threlfall's ranch, wa3
murdered here this evening Dy Peter Sims
melish. The two quarreled on the ranch
this morning and Simsmelish was dis
charged. They met in town thi« evening
at a bay camp, and Simsmelish, who car
ried a shotgun, walked up to within ten
feet of Brady and said :
"Are you going to take that back?"
Brady was slow in answering, and the
murderer leveled the gun and tired, the
charge taking effect in Brady's face and
breast. Brady staggered a few feet away
and fell dead."
The murderer dashed away, but was
captured an hour later in an old barn. He
was brought to Oakdale. When a Call
correspondent interviewed him he was
very cool, and said he was glad he killed
Brady and would do it again if he could.
The murder had been planned by Sims
melish several hours before he met Brady,
as he had offered a storekeeper $lX) for a
gun and ammunition with which to com
mit the crime.
RAMPAXT TARS AT TACOMA.
Seamen of the Monterey Clash With a
Jtoathouae Crew.
TACOMA, Wash., July 7. —An open
event not on the monitor Monterey's pro
gramme of the Fourth of July athletic
sports took place yesterday morning,
when a dozen or more marines who had
been off the ship over night gathered at
Alger' s boatbouse to await transportation
shipward. Proprietor Alger became irate
when they began jumping around on his
boats, and ordered them off the float.
The marines were reeling: jolly, and paid
no attention to him. Alger's assistant, a
husky fellow, then appeared and made
some warlike movements. The tars
quickly dared him to pick out the smallest
among their number, who, they said,
would throw him into the bay.
Seizing an oar, the boatman struck
right and left. Betore they knew it,
several blue-coats were floundering in the
bay. Their comrades had their hands full
rescuing them. This done, the tars re
assembled on the float, daring Alger and
all his men to molest them. They claim
the big boatman appeared with a shotgun
ard fired several shots, but this the boat
house people deny.
Duty finally compelled the sailors to
beat a retreat, but they declare that
vengeance will be theirs before the
Monterey leaves port.
SPOKANE'S CHILD SUROGAN.
Little Minnie Xisher Arrested While
Robbing a lloute.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 7. — Minnie
Fisher, a girl 7 years old, was arrested last
evening in the act of robbing a house.
When caught she was sitting in one of the
rooms counting money. She was taken
by an officer to the police headquarters,
where no amount of questioning could get
any information from her save that a man
had told her to do what she aid. She was
sent to the Woman's Ketreat for safe-keep
ing, but making a rope of bedding she
slid down from the third story in the mid
dle of the night and escaped. She was
caught late to-night in the country, where
she vt as making her way along the road
all alone.
Her father is a brewer, who pays little
attention to tbe family. The mother is
dead. Minnie was living with a sister, 15
years old. The little girl will be locked in
jail to-night for safe-keeping.
SANTA ROSA ACCIDENT.
James Collins' Miraculous Escape J?rotn
Death in an Explosion.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., July 7.— A ma
chine used for grinding tanbaric exploded
this morning in the tannery of Hungreu
& Anderson, hurling James Collins, an
employe, through an open door, but by
some miracle not killing him outright.
The machine consists of six heavy knives,
bolted to a cylinder, and the whole incased
in a cast-iron frame, weighing 700 pounds.
A piece of iron, weighing fully 200 pounds,
struck Collins full in the breast, while
knives and pieces of metal were sent
flying through the metal roof of the
building. Collins was hurled twenty feet
beyond the door, and he owes his life to
the fact that the door was open. He is
quite badly injured, but unless internal
i complications set in will recover.
Thieves at Del Monte.
DEL MONTE, Cal., July 7.— The cash
ier's office of the Del Monte and Pacific
Grove Street Railway was robbed to-day.
On account of the pressure Business Ma a
ager John Malarin instructed the cashier,
Charles Meeter, to work outside the office
as far as the first switch. In the cashier's
absence the office wan entered, the money
drawer broken and $70 in cash stolen. This
is supposed to be the work of thieves from
San Francisco who Hooded the town. Tbe
pockets of hundreds were picked during
the day and it is feared to-night that
many crimes may be committed before
morning by the undesirable visitors from
the metropolis.
NEW TO-DAT.
?1 J, F. CUTTER
fojj EXTRA
a Bourbon
family and
 j medicinal .
t&VTt* whiskey
V extra fora
< fe quarter-
century.
ySj I mm
_ : Hsl 411 Market St.,
fcßßiiyd San Francisco.YALE'S OARSMEN
WERE DEFEATED,
Beaten Almost Two Lengths
by the Leander
Crew.
PRELIMINARY CONTESTS
%ok, the New Haven Coach,
Expected the Vanquishing
of His Men.
TEIED GAMELY, BUT IN VAIN.
Many Kind Words of Encouragement
and Congratulation for the
Americans.
HENLEY •ON - THE- THAMES, Eng
land, July 7.— The Yale University crew
fell by the wayside to-day in their first j
and consequently upon their defeat their
only attempt to win the most highly I
prized trophy of Brifish aquatics, the J
jrrand challenge cup of the Koyal Henley
■ Regatta.
Their opponents were the crack eight of
the Leander Rowing Club, whose crews
won the cap four times in succession in
1891, 92, 93 and 94. It was a grand race,
however, and the Yale men have no rea
eon to feel humiliated at their defeat.
They are simply outclassed. The Le
anders beat rhe New Haven crew by a
length and three-quarters, covering the
Henley course of 1 mile and 550 yards in
7:14.
Immense crowns of spectators lined the
river banks. The entire course was a mass
of color, Yale and A.merican flags being
very much in evidence. There was no
wind, the sky was overcast and the air
was hot. Bob Cook and Pittman, the old
Cambridge stroke, followed the boats over
the course on board the umpire's launch.
The great race was preceded by several
others, in orcjer that the principal event of
the day should take place about 1:30 p. m.,
when the greatest throng of spectators
would be present.
The first heat of the race for the diamond
sculls was between F. Beddington of the
Thames Rowing Club and R. K. Beaumont
of Burton-on-Trent. Beaumont finished
five lengths ahead. The second heat, be
tween Vivian Nickalls and B. Bwann, the
old Trinity Hail blue, was won by Nicltalls
by a length.
In the first trial heat of the eight-oared
race for the Grand Challenge Cup, the
contesting crews were First Trinity of
Cambridge and the London Rowing Club.
First Trinity won by three-quarters of a
length. Time, 7:1*0.
The second heat wa^ between New Col
lege, Oxford, and Trinity Hall, Cambridge,
crews. New College won by a length and
a quarter in 7:19.
The jtsrtinE word for the race between
Yale and Leander was given at 1:33 p. x.
The boats got an excellent start, both
striking the water at the same time.
Emerging from the upper end of Temple
Island, Leander was seen to have the fore
part of her canvas ahead, and soon in
creased her lead to a quarter of a length,
but the Yale men were putting great force
into their strokes, and succeeded in driv
ing ihtir boat even with that of their op
pon~;ns.
To those running behind the boats on
the tow path the Vales seemed to get the
nose of their boat in front, and it was then
a beautiful race to Fawley Court. A report
er who was on board tne umpire's launch
says Yale never actually got the lead,
but that two or three times they pulled
themselves about even with Leander. The
consensus of opinion, however, Is that
Yale led sli.'htiy at the half-mile, but Le
ander was a foot ahead at Fawley Court.
The Leander crew appeared perfectly
fresh at the end of the race, and rowed at
a smart stroke some distance beyond the
finish, but the Yale men seemed to be
completely spent. Brown and Rodgers,
respectively numbers 2 and 4, were badly
done up at the finish.
The men were too much exhausted to
allow a raise in the stroke. Both Brown
and Rodgers required attention when the
race was over. When they had been
helped out of the boat Rodgers was per
fectly white and Brown fainted from ex
haustion.
The men feel that they did themselves
justice and acknowlege Leander is the
better crew. They are, of course, terribly
disappointed, but feel that they were fairly
beaten. Aside from Brown and Rodgers
the men were in fair shape at the finish,
though they were somewhat blown.
Bob Cook said to a representative of the
United Press at the conclusion of the race
that the contest had resulted as he thought
it would. The Leander crew was composed
of older and more experienced men.
The Leandera got the best of the start
and led for a short time, but the Yale
crew caught them and led by hall a
length to the Fawley Court boathouse.
The third heat for the diamond sculls
between H. T. Blackstaffeand Hon. Rupert
Guinness, who won the diamond sculls
last year, was won by Guinness by two
lengths in 9:03.
Then came the second great event of the
day, the trial beat of the diamond sculls
between Dr. W. S. McDowell of Chicago
and Hon. E. A. Guinness of Eton College,
brother to the Hon. Rupert Guinness,
The doctor has met with a aeries of mis
haps during his practice on the Thames,
but he treated them all to a surprise to
day and received an ovation from the
crowds that were packed in every available
space at the finish line of the course.
He rowed beautifully, and actually
played with Guinness, winning as he
pi eased. His time was not extraordinary,
in fact it was slow, but it was not neces
sary for him to row at a record-breaking
pace to take the honor from Guinness into
camp. He finished in 9:36. three-quarters
of a length ahead of his opponent, who
appeared to De greatly fagged.
Dr. McDowell said after the race that
be struck the thirteenth post and chipped
his oar badly. He thinks Guinness lost
his nerve when he was passed. He will
meet Beaumont, the winner of the firit
heat in the diamond sculls race, to
morrow.
The other events of the day are sum
marized as follows:
In tlie first heat of the eight-oared race
for the Ladies' plate the Eton College
crew beat Je^us College, Oxford, easily.
The second heat of the race for the La
dies' plate was won by Balliol College,
which beat Bedford Grammar School.
The third heat of the race for the La
dies' plate was won by Ridley College,
which beat Trinity of Dublin.
in the fourth heat for the Ladies' plate
Emanuel College, Cambridge, beat Trinity
Hall, Cambridge.
The first heat of the eight-oared race for
the Thames Challenge Cup waa won by
the Kensington Rowing Club, which beat
! the London Club easily.
In the first heat of the foor-oare<l race
for the Wyfold challenge cup Trinity Col
lege, Oxford, beat the Thames Rowing
Club.
The second heat in the race for the Wy
fold challenge cup was won by the Caius
College, Cambridge, which beat Moiesey
Boat Club.
The third heat for this cup was won by
the London Rowing Club, which beat the
Christ Church, Oxford, crew.
The first heat in the four-oared race for
the StewarJ's challenge, which finished
the programme for the day, was won by the
London Rowing Club, which beat the
Caius College, Cambridge, a length.
THE RACING RESULTS.
Equine Contest* at - St. Louis, Latonia,
-, JVetv fork and Chicago.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 7.— Summaries:
- One mile, Shining Bell won, Force second,
Golden Crown third. ■ Time, I:4s}^. '
Six furlongs, Frontier won, Romany second, !
Tower Street third. Time, 1:16^.
Five furlongs, Zamar II won, Buck Vtdere
second, Dare II third. Time, 1:02. .
One mile, Imp. Thome won, ■ Utopia second,
Sallie Woodford third. Time, 1:44K-
Mile and a sixteenth, Rhett Gnode won, Jack
Bradley second; Bridgeton third. Time, 1:50.
Seven furlongs, Bing Binger won, Argentina
second, First Deal third. Time, 1:28.
j NEW YORK, N. Y. July 7.— Results at
i Sheepshead Bay:
Five furlongs, Shakespeare II won, Rubicon
j second, Woodvine third. Time, 1:01 3-5.
Mile and three-sixteenths, Requital won,
Connoisseur second, Charade third. Time,
2:03. '
Six furlongs, > Winged Foot won, Scottish
Chieftain second, Detection third. Time.
1:15 2-5. "
One mile. Deer Slayer won, The Winner sec
ond, The Dragon third. Time, 1:41.
Six furlongs, : Thomas Cat won, Panmure
second, Princess Flavia third: Time, 1:12 2-5.
Two miles, eight hurdles, Flushington won,
St. Luke second, San Joaquin third. Time,
3:56. ..'•.... ..'■•-.'-
LATONIA, Kt., July 7.— Summaries:
Six furlongs, Hoffman won, Miss Emma sec
ond, Elsie D third. Time, 1:16%.
One mile. Countess Irma won, Argentina II
second, La Guscogne third. Time, I:43}£. r>
One ■ mile, Anna Lyle won, Rasper second,
Seabroke 1 third. Time, 1:43J^. !
Five furlongs, Midlight won. Eugenic Wicks
second, Belle Bramble third. Time, 1:01%.
" Five furlongs. Grayling won, Robair second,
Key del Angels third. Time, 1 :03^.
Six furlongs, Moylan won, Robinson second,
Motilla third. Time, 1 :15>4.
BASSBALL IN THE BAST.
Score* of the Game* Played in the
yntional League.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 7.— Score: Cin
cinnatis—l4, 17, 4; Philadelphias— 4, 6, 5.
Batteries— D yer and Vaughn; Casey and
Clements. Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 7.— Score: St. Louis—
7, 10, 7; New Yorks— l2, 16,4. Batteries-
Hart and McFarland; Clarke and Zearfoss.
Umpires— Meekin and Murphy.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 7.— Score: Cleve
lande—b, 12, 2; Brooklyns— s, 5, 4. Batteries
— Cuppy and Zimmer; Abbey and Burrill.
Umpire— Sheridan.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 7.— Score: Louis
villes—7,ll, 6; Bostons— lo, l2, 5. Batteries
—Hill and Demiter; Stivetu and Bergen.
Umpire— McFarland.
WASHINGTON. D. C. July 7.— Score: Wash
ington—l, 6, 2; Pittsburgs— s, 9, 0. Batteries
— McJames and McGuire; Killen and Sugden.
Umpire— Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— Score: Chicagos—
13.22,4; Baltimore*— ll, 16.3. Batteries-
Griffith and Kittredge; Clarkson and Clark.
Umpire — Emslie.
THE MAHER-CHOINSY FIGHT
It Will Occur in Hew York if Mah«r Doe* '
Xot Get , Expense \ Money.
PITTSBTJRG, Pa., July ; - 7.— The fight
scheduled between Peter Maher and' Joe
Choynskl before the National Sporting
Club of San Francisco August 3 may be de
clared off. The backer of Maher tele
graphed to San Francisco last Saturday
night to arrange for expense money, but
received no reply. If he does not hear
from the club by noon to-morrow he will
declare the match off and arrange a meet
ing between Maber and Choynski at Madi
son-square Garden July 27.
New Bicycle Record*.
LONDON, England. July 7.— At Cat
ford to-day, Linton, the bicyclist, rode
thirty-one miles and five yards in one
hour. He established a new record for
from three miles to the finish. Linton
has challenged Johnson, the American
rider, for a five-mile race.
GENERAL JOHNSON CHALLENGED.
A Retired Spanish Officer Takes Excep
tions About Comment on
Cuban Affairs.
HAVANA, Ccba, July 7.— General Brad
ley Johnson, a newspaper correspondent
here, has been challenged to fight a duel
by a retired Spanish military offi
cer, who was offended by re
marks in Johnson's published corre
spondence about the Spanish army. The
challenger finds himself in a somewhat
ridiculous position, as the officers in ac
tive service refuse to recognize him as
their champion.
General Johnson, who is an ex-officer of
the Confederate army and has seen much
of war, is in no wise troubled over the
vaporings of the self-constituted cham
pion of the honor of the Spanish officers.
He says if his statements are such as to
render necessary a meeting on the field of
honor he is perfectly willing to fight when
the proper person to meet him is decided
upon.
News was received here to-day that un
trnown parties have burned the Santa
Barbara estate, near Baro, province of
Matanzas. The estate is owned by Senor
Manuel Coronado, editor of L t Discussion.
Ihe damage is estimated at $300,000.
British Troop* Successful.
BULUWAYO, South Afbica, July 7.—
On Sunday last British troops made an
attack upon the Matabele position at
Thebaimamba and were repulsed. They
made another attack upon the piace on
Monday and were successful in capturing
the native stronghold and driving the de»
fenders away. The Matabele loss was 100
killed and the British loss twenty-three
killed or wounded.
Operntions in Crete Suspended.
LONDON, Ekg.. July 7.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. George N.
Curzon, Under Secretary to the Foreign
Office, stated that the powers bad not
asked that Turkish troops be withdrawn
from Crete; but, he added, in consequence
of representations on the part of the pow
ers, the Porte has suspended military
operations in Crete unless the troops
should be attacked by the Cretans.
Cholera in JKaypt.
CAIRO, Egypt, July 7.— Since Saturday
cholera has made its appearance among
the British troops at Wady Haifa. Four
vevr cases and four deaths from the dis
ease are reported.
Jtread MfMM in Germany.
DANTZIC, Germany, July 7.— The
health; authorities' to-day made an official
certification of '. a case -: of genuine Asiatic
cholera in. this city. '.
♦ -
Mnssachusrtt* Republican. Convention.
BOSTON, Mass., July 7.— The Repub
lican State Committee to-day decided to
hold the State Convention on October 1.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
SAN MIGUEL AN
ISLAND KINGDOM,
Captain Waters' Domain
Is to Be Invaded by
Uncle Sam.
CHANCES GOOD FOR WAR
For Many Years a Veteran Union
Soldier Has Been a
Monarch.
PBOPOSED FLAN OF ATTACK.
His Majesty Is on the A'ert and
Wi I Not Be Caught
Napping.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 7.—
United States Marshal Covarrubias of Los
Angeles has arrived in Santa Barbara on a
very important and decidedly dramatic
mission. The island of San Miguel, which
lies off the coast west of Point Conception,
is the most unique bit of territory in the
civilized world, for it is absolutely without
an ownership save by squatter sovereignty.
It is claimed that it was through some
error left out of the cession of lands in the
Mexican treaty, and oddly enough the
United States has never laid formal claim
to it. Although it has been occupied and
utilized for agricultural and grazing pur
poses for more than seventy years, it has
never been platted or surveyed, never paid
taxes, never been included in any electoral
district. It is a piece of territory literally
without a flag or government, although it
has long been owned and occupied by a
loyal citizen of the United States and j
veteran of the late civil conflict, Captain
W. G. Waters.
This extraordinary condition of affairs
has long been whispered about, but ii is
not generally known that the State of Cal
ifornia, awakening to her anomalous posi
tion in thematter.last February attempted
to send a surveying party to the island.
This party on arriving at Santa Barbara
met with such determined resistance on
the part of the claimants to the island ter
ritory that they withdrew from the scene
without completing their mission.
The Surveyor-General of California
thereupon communicated with the Fed
eral authorities in California and received
instructions to go ahead witn his survey.
A party of eight surveyors, headed by Mr.
Glover, are now here and United States
Marshal Covarrubias of Los Angeles has
come up and with an armed force of thir
teen men is ready to accompany them to
the island to take forcible and adverse pos
session of it.
San Miguel Island is about twenty miles
long and some seven or eight miles wide
at its largest point, tapering at both ends.
It consists of a tableland elevated from 300
or 400 to 800 feet above the sea and com
prises some 20,000 acres of land.
A considerable portion of this is com
posed of great wastes of sand and barren
stretches of lava, but it includes some
thousands of acres of fine grazing and
agricultural lands, plentifully watered by
springs. It also abounds in traces of a
prehistoric population and has some
notable natural curiosities. The only im
provements upon it are a few fences and a
comfortable ranch house owned by Cap
tain Waters.
It has been observed that Captain
Waters is a patriot, and he is a large and
formidable one. At the same time, while
he acknowledges allegiance to the Stars
and Stripes, he has a strong sense of alle
giance to his own personal and property
rights, and he is under a strong conviction
of the validity of his title to the island.
He was possibly forewarned of this at
tempt to corral his territory and sailed for
San Miguel last week, probably intending
to hold possession of it. His possessery
force is estimated to consist of himself, a
couple of ranchhands, a tenant by cour
tesy at the west end and two women,
wives of his laborers. But justice is justice
and the legal rights of a man must obtain,
though heaven and the United States
Government fall.
San Miguel is really an excellent place
to hold, having rare natural fortifications.
Cuylers Harbor constitutes the only ap
proach by way of deep water and affords
greater advantages to the landsman than
to tie sailor, as its shores are steep and in
a terrestrial-naval engagement it would be
easy to sink a whole fleet by rolling rocks
down upon it.
Captain Waters has not confided to any
one the plans of his campaign or his
strategies, but that he will resist the in
vasion to the knife no one can doubt, and
the world will no doubt be thrilled by the
spectacle of one man opposing the United
States Government on his loneiy island.
The invading force will leave on the
little sloop Restless to-morrow. The Rest
less has no record as either a sprinter or a
war vessel, but she is the best available
vessel of the Santa Barbara fleet, going all
the other craft one mast better. Her re
turn will be looked for with bated breath
if she returns at all. There are many who
believe she will retire from the conflict,
leaving rhe captain in lonely sovereignty
over his island kingdom.
SAN FRA NCISCO MAY BE CROSES.
If Ticeestary t Concretions Are Secured
Christian Rndenvorers Will Meet Here.
: WASHINGTON, D. C, July ■ 7.— lf San
Francisco Endeavorers can secure the ne
cessary concessions from the railroads and
make certain that satisfactory rates may
be obtained it is understood that the great
Christian organization, which begins its
annual session here to-morrow, will meet
in 1897 in San Francisco. It is. estimated
that ' about ; fifty r thousand members
attended the meeting at Boston last
year and even a larger attendance is ex
pected here. v The desire is to • have ; fully
as many go next year to California.
HANTS CLEPNLAND HANGED.
Arrest of a Silverite Who Mailed a Pe
t culiar Postal- Card.
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, July 7.— Dr.
I. Ferron, one of the best-known free
silver advocates in this city, was arrested
by United States Marshal Hillway to-day
on the charge ol mailing a postal-card on
which was inscribed language defamatory
of the characters of John bherman and
President Cleveland. Dr. Ferron inti
mated that Judge Lynch would make
short work of them and possibly raise the
price of hemp in spite of the gold basis.
The defendant waived examination, and
his bond was fixed by Commissioner
Steadman at $500.
~~~JS2?^^^^ L™_ THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
Grand Concert To-Night at 8 o'Clock by the Emporium Orchestra Under Mr. John Marquardt. Full Program Below.
HOSIERY <C3^ (ft rj UNDERWEAR
HAPPENINGS '>3i^' (im7??//^?/hs77? "• UNDER-VALUING
:x:^ TO-DAY. &W& v^^^uXt£6^ TO-DAY.
— : — : — — — - — : ■ . . — — — — __ -L. — , . — ■— — "-' ' ' ' — . . l____ • " ' ' — ■'
PROGRAM,
Wednesday, July 8, 8 P. M.
PtART I.
1. March, "Draper Hall" ........Orth
2. Overture, "Raymond"...... Thomas
3. ■ Walt?, ' ' Vienna "Blood".. ..Strauss
4. "Aye {Maria" ...... "Bach-Gounod
5. Paraphrase, "Thou tArt So • "
Fair' ........ .;.'..m... '.Kesvadba
6. "La Poloma" ......... ......... Yradier
7. Selection, ' l Trince Ananias' '.Herbert
TAT{T 11.
8. {March, " Emporium" ....Marquardt
9. , Overture, "Tantalusqualtn"~Suppt
10. Harp solo, " Fantasia Serieuse" 1
Parish Anvars
Mme. "Breitschuck Marquardt. : ,
it. "In raise of the Ladies" ...Strauss
12. Selection, "The Yeoman of the ;
Guard" Sullivan I
13. "Little: Snow White" .Etlenberg]
14. "Galop Rider" ~ Carl
- ■ ' .. ■ .
Silk Chances
As Never Before.
Such a gathering of bargains in
Silks as that offered at the Clearing !
Sale to-day the people of this State
have never seen before, and are not
likely, to see again when present
stocks are sold.
The styles could not be better— as
good for next year's wear as this.
Ask any/woman who has seen our
Silk stocks for her opinion of, the
styles, qualities and prices. We will
abide by her "say so." .
Colored Silks.
At 50c a yard — Novelty. Dresden ''
Figured Silk Crepe— Material for
the . daintiest party dresses and
« waists imaginable for summer re-
sort gatherings. Really worth $1
a yard. ; .
Pink, Blue, . Cream,
Yellow, Lavender, Nile Green
Gros Grain and Satin Brocades in
choice evening shades, solid colors,
including white and cream —
kind, 48c ; 85c kind, 58c ;■ $1 kind,
70c; $1.50 kind, $1.00. ;
At 35c a yard — Good quality Colored
Satin in all the staple shades, light
,or dark. Cannot be ; bought at
wholesale in New York at the
price nor bought at retail here for
less than 50c a yard.
At 58c a yard— Colored Satin— all
" silk — in the newest and most desir-
.; able evening, shades. An excep-
tional good value at 85c a yard.
At 78c a yard— A new importation of
Jacquard Warp Print Silks , in ten
beautiful colorings and novel de-
signs—full 21 inches wide — all
- : — very . heavy— actually
worth $1.50 a yard. In fact you
will be offered •. the same goods
elsewhere at that price. Designs
exclusive at the EMPORIUM.
Black Silk.
At 48c a yard— Black Figured Taf-
feta in a really, fine quality — small
scroll patterns— floral effects and
conventional designs— 75c ; a yard
would be cheap enough for this.
At 75c a 24-inch Black Bro-
caded Taffeta— a good heavy qual-
jty— strictly ALL Silk— scrolls,
' "stripes," leaf patterns and floral ef-
fects. No such value as this ever
offered here before under $1 a yard.*
At 85c a yard— 22-inch Black Bro-
caded Gros Grain — an extra heavy
quality— - choice new designs —
scrolls, floral effects, etc.
At $1.00 a yard — 22-inch Black Bro-
- • caded Gros — sold , elsewhere
up to $1:50 a yard— very handsome
large designs. Elegant; material
■ for FULL COSTUMES or SEP-
ARATE SKIRTS. :.;, i
At $1.40 ' a yard — Our regular $1.75
Black Brocaded Satins, in choice,
exclusive > designs— width ' full 22
inches. 1 These - : are staple goods
upon which reductions are "* not ab-
solutely necessary. IWe reduced
from our original . price to ; show
! OUR ; real \ bargain -giving 1 power.
They were cheap at 51.75. :
: Special Clearing
IV Sale prices to close
4sg» the balance of our
stock of
o^-A^ ' Ribbed Cotton
£CL~. Underwear.
■ tss^si' ' \ Ladies' '• : Ribbed
• WfcjJk V> Egyptian Cotton
WWW' ) ■ Vests, ': ecru and
i W&S' hite, ' low neck,
■•T'VJW%" ' * no sleeves. "."'" '.
' l ;. '"'"*.- ioc, \z\it,:
. - . 15c, -1 '
Ladies' Ribbed Cotton Vests—me- -
dium * weight— white only— short
sleeves — low .' neck.". ... .... .'...../. ,'.:.25 c
; Broken v line ; of Ladies' Cotton
Pants worth 40c at..-.....*. ....:...;.:.25c
Ladies' Ribbed Lisle Vests— white,
with long r or ! short — worth
50c'.-.......... •....';1..:.:..::'.:.'...35c
Ladies' .. Imported ; Lisle Thread
Vests — ecru or white — low neck — no
sleeves...——- '•••••— — v—^.:— .2sc
. Ladies' Imported ■ French Lisle
Thread Tests— extra fine * thread —
white, ecru, pink and blue— low neck
and no sleeves. Price to c105e.. ..48c
■ ■-. Ladies' , Imported , Ribbed . Silk
Vests, with fancy yokes and r sleeves
cream only. ►*, Price to close 59c
-! Ladies' .Imported ■- Richelieu? Ribbed
Silk Vests— -fancy . yokes and worked
shoulder straps — cream only 89c
■■r> Ladies' Ribbed • Egyptian Cotton
Combination 5uit5.w.....;.....'..:;..50c
. Ladies' Combination ! Suits— extra
fine— light - weight— short sleeves-
ecru colored ..—.....—.—. ...95c
- Children's White Merino Vests and
Pants, all sizes ............ ..25c
. Children's" Ribbed Light-Weight
Cottoa Vests— ecru and white..—2oc
ADDRESS ALL M
SAN FRANCISCO, July 8, 1896.
Ten minutes spent in reading the STORE NEWS here-
with will save hours of your time and lots of your money.
Our CLEARING SALE prices are unusually low; but they
are backed by quality. You'll find the offerings genuine
bargains. Enough of each lot to last two days, perhaps
longer ; but it's best to come at once.
Hosiery A whole section of the big store and extra tables in
Hnnnpninnc aisles and rotunda given over to the Hosiery and
ncippeninys. Underwear Cleairng Sale. As much space as the
ordinary dry-goods store occupies in its entirety.
We will place on sale at one half the regular prices TWO
THOUSAND PAIRS OF SAMPLES OF LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
HOSE, in cashmere, lisle and cotton. This lot of hosiery comes from
j the best German manufacturers. Will go quickly at the prices. So
1 come at once if you would share in the advantages of this sale. A stock
of magnitude at prices like these:
Children's Fast Black Seamless Hose—
At ioc a pair, 1-1 ribbed.
At 12c a pair, Bicycle Hose.
At 16c a pair, heavy 1-1 ribbed.
*}*J A* At 19c a pair, Boys' Heavy Bicycle Hose.
M ft At 24c a pair, Misses' Extra Fine Imported Cotton Hose.
■jfr fj^j Ladies' and Children's Tan Cotton Hose, reliable qualities —
JBtfe^J At 13c a pair, Children's 1-1 Ribbed Seamless.
At 20c a pair. Children's Imported Cotton Hose, double
knee, heel and toe.
At i2>£c a pair, Ladies' Seamless Tan Hose. .
At 23c a pair, Ladies' Richelieu Ribbed Tan Hose.
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Cotton Hose, high spliced heels and double toes—
At 16c a pair, usual 25c kind.
At 18c a pair, usual 30c kind.
At 22c a pair, with fancy drop-stitch.
At 24c a pair, with white feet.
At three pairs for Si , 50c kind.
Ladies' Imported Hermsdorf Black Lisle Hose, double toe and heel —
%Al 24c a pair, with fancy drop- stitch.
tAt 13c a pair, Richelieu ribbed.
<At 39c a pair, superior quality, fancy drop-stitch or 'Bedford cord, with or without
white tips.
tAt 4?c a pair, Richelieu ribbed, silk-embroidered ankles.
tAt 48c a pair, our regular 60c kind.
tAt 73c a pair, gau^e lisle, our regular 90c kind.
tAt 78c a pair, gau^e lisle, reduced from $1.
Ladies' Fast Black Silk Hose, with double toe and heel —
At 60c a pair, silk plaited, 75c kind.
At 75c a pair, extra heavy, silk plaited.
At 9<ic a pair, fine spun silk hose, with white tips.
At St. 25 a pair, silk hose, with white' tips.
At $1.45 a pair, silk ho*t, with double soles, toes and heel.
At Si .68 a pair, gau^e silk, extra fine, S2 quality.
Theatrical Silk-plaited Theatrical Tights, a superior quality and in fast
Tights. colors at about 1-3 less than usual. The special price $4 a pair.
Pink. Yellow. Electric. Ashes of
Blue. Nile. Lavender. Green.
Cardinal. Gold Bro\scn. Old Rose. Heliotrope. *
A Carload of Wash Waists.
Jl The biggest Shirt Waist selling this city has ever seen
\^ Monday and Tuesday. Our Sunday announcement brought
out a great crowd of shoppers. The waists must have been
N^Si^wl right in quality as well as price, judging from the rapidity
of their disappearance. A carload of them on sale — the
balance of a manufacturer's stock, you know — at about one-half manu-
facturer's price. Also the balance of our mammoth stock of Shirt Waists.
Soft Finished Percales and Fine Shirting Percale Waists, stripes, dots, fancy
figures, beautiful colorings, and, what is most important, perfectly laundered ; prices
elsewhere 75c to f 2 each, our prices
48c, 75c, 89c and 98c.
Fine Batistes, Lawns, Figured Irish Dimities, Corded Dimities, Grass Linens j
striped, all with detachable collars, Bishop sleeves, perfectly laundered ; goods sold !
elsewhere at $2.50 and $3 each,
98c, $1.12, $1.25, $1,48, $1.69, $1.75.
All-Wool Capes, 98c.
Did you ever hear before of a stylish all-wool cape for 08c? You have paid three
times that for a many times worse garment.
$2.50, $2.7$ and $3.00 AU-Wool Capes, 98c.
$4.00, $5.00 and $6.00 All-Wool Capes, $2.25.
Jackets, Skirts and Duck Suits.
Tan Mixed Cloth Jackets, all wool, box front, big sleeves, large and small no
pearl buttons, $10 jacket anywhere, sizes 32 to 36, only QKJ. TO
Light Tan Kersey Jackets, fine all-wool high-finish Kersey fly front, all tf»o qq j
silk lined, button trimmed, now \JK3.zft7 j
All of our $40, $35, $30 and $25 Elegant Tan Light Kersey Jackets marked^iQ f»/\
down to the uniform price of *J>lcJ.Jv
Brocaded Satin Skirts.
All of the beautiful Brocaded Satin Skirts that originally sold at $16. 50, full 4jD QC
$}4 yards wide, rustle lined and velveteen bound, this week marked... mKJ. JvJ
Duck Suits.
BLAZERS AND REEFERS, all of our $1.75 and $2 kind now ; *»« mw
_
Colored Dress Goods.
Notwithstanding the immense crowds
that thronged our Dress Goods Sections
Monday and Tuesday thousands of yards
of dress goods still await owners.
We would emphasise the fact that there is
not an undtsir able piece of goods in our entire
collection. All new colors and latest effects.
At $1.95 a suit — 38-inch Damasse Eng-
lish Beige, 8 yards to pattern, reduced
from 40c a yard.
At $1.75 a suit — 38-inch Tweed Mix-
tures, were 35c a yard, just the fabric for
an outing suit, 8 yards to pattern.
At 28c a yard — 37-inch Fancy Suitings,
value for 45c.
At 38c a yard — 50 - inch Two-toned
Checks, worth 75c.
At 38c a yard — 52 -inch Cheviot
Tweeds, worth 85c.
At 38c a yard— 3B-inch Silk and Wool
Stripe Suiting, worth 75c.
At 38c a yard— 3B-inch Silk and Wool
Check Suiting, worth 75c.
At 48c a yard — 30-inch Silk Mixed Suit-
ing, worth $1.00.
At 68c a yard— s2-inch Scotch Boucle
Tweed, worth $1.25.
At 58c a yard— 4s-inch London Check,
neat and stylish, worth 85c.
At 50c a yard— so-inch Navy Coating
Serge, positively the best value in the
city.
At 58c a yard — 52-inch Navy Worsted
Serge, worth 85c by actual comparison.
At 78c a yard — 52-inch Navy Wide
Wale Serge, worth $1. 00 regularly else-
where.
__
AIL ORDERS " THE EMPORIUM
Black Dress Goods.
Pre-eminently the largest and best as-
sorted stock in the city. No last season's
goods, consequently styles and weaves
the very latest. Prices admit of no com-
petition.
At 29c a yard — 38-inch Figured Mohair,
very special. Ask to see this cloth.
At 33c a yard — 45-inch Beatrice Serge.
A splendid cloth.
At 44c a yard— 3B-inch Jacquard Effects.
Splendid value.
At 44c a yard — 46-inch Heavy Coating
Serge. Worth double.
At 50c a yard — 50-inch Clay Worsteds.
No such value elsewhere in the city.
At 58c a yard — 52-inch Worsted Storm
Serge, worth 75c by actual comparison.
At 60c a yard— 4s-inch Figured Satin
Princess, dust proof and serviceable.
At 68c a yard— 42-inch Jacquard Effects,
new, neat and dressy.
At 78c a yard— s2-inch Heavy Cheviot
Serge, would be an exceptional value at
$1.00. .
At 85c a yard— 44-inch Bedouin Cloth,
in raised effects, dull finish, suitable for
mourning costumes.
At 98c a yard— 44-inch Granite and
Soleil Figured Effects, rich and lustrous.
At $1.20 a yard— 42-inch Figured Im-
perial Suiting. Very stylish.
At $1.50 a yard— 44-inch Moharane,
figured and striped, the new fabric, $2.00
to $2.50 elsewhere.
We would call especial attention to our
Wool, Silk and Wool and All-Silk Veil-
ings by the yard, in all sizes and all
grades. Wool, Silk and Wool and All-
Silk Veils.
MAIL ORDER DEPARTMENT,"
Boys' Clothing.
The Kind That Wilt Bear the Most
Critical Examination.
All-wool dependable fabrics,
properly cut and put together.
Fifty broken lines of Boys'
Suits — lonesome ones, as it
were. All that is left of a style
or pattern. Values up to $5. 50.
Sizes from Bto 14 years. Your
pick of the lot this vofeek" at
$2.65 SUIT.
Boys' Waists, 25c.
BOYS' SHIRT WAISTS in PER-
CALES and FLANNELETTES, well
made, good patterns an exceptional
value at 50c, a Clearing Sale a _
Special at.......................Each
Men's Suits $8.45.
We have grouped together all of
the Double and Single Breasted Busi-
ness Sack Suits, values up to $15.00,
and offer them at the very . <r» q a m
Special Price of .....A Suit vJJO.^I-3 .
All- Wool Cheviot, in blue, black,
brown, : - gray, Oxford mixtures and
plaids, perfectly tailored, and if they
don't quite fit expert tailors here at your 1
service to make them fit.
Underwear
for Men
80c a Suit.
Heavy Derby Ribbed Cotton Un-
derwear, Shirts and Drawers, satin
finished, blue only, usual price $1.25 —
a great Underwear bargain, 'i 175
dozen offered at 80c a suit, but they
will not last long at this price.
See the Window "Display.
Men's Percale Shirts
75c Each.
Made of excellent French Percale,
six fashionable colors, every one
guaranteed fast, new and exclusive
patterns, perfect , laundry work, the
neck and sleeves cut to fit properly.
250 dozen of these $1.25 Shirts on
sale to-day at 75c.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
Optical Our Optical Department,
r ««-io the largest *on ■ the ' coast,
ooas * with the .best and most
modern appliances for correcting de-
fective eyesight, vis now under the
management of Mr.; Max L. Shirp-
ser, whose ability as a; scientific and
practical optician is well established
in this city.
Consultation and Examination Free.
Curtains, Tapestry,
Upholstery.
Don't spare our
-.»-. Time — time and at-
(]•■!' A I' tention we make
/};<•: A ' VI / no : charge • for.
tl^V V ' Convince your-
'■4!<W/«?P\i^ ' self fully that our
iSfi)^ goods are as rep-
I'vA n\ resented — the
'.yjg*"". .)*' - prices will talk for
.. " • 10**' ■ themselves. • ' ■'•' -
• ;* . • Clearing Sale
Specials in Curtains, Portieres, Cur-
tain Muslin, Denims, etc.
'- Good '\ reliable Nottingham Lace
Curtains, 31-2 yards long, 45 inches
wide,
At $1.00 a Pair.
' Better grades "';. Nottingham Lace
Curtains reduced to , . .
Si. 25, $fi<o, Si. 75, $2 and $3.
;, Portieres (tapestry), 50 inches wide,
3 yards long — new and pleasing pat-
terns—colorings to - match the decor-
ations of any room— price .
#3.25 a Pair.
. Plain Colored Denims,. 36 inches
wide, very t i- heavy , quality — new
i shades — this grade never : sold
; under 30c,
, Clearing Sale /Price 20c a Yard.
■ Figured Denims, ■36 inches ' wide
and new patterns and color effects,
. . . Special Price 15c , a Yard. . }
'■: Cretan, splendid values \ ioc a yard.
; ; {Muslin for " Sash '- Curtains ioc and
a yard. f < ?"-
-■ • Tapestries i; for furniture covers,
new coiors >. and patterns, worth r 50c,
this lot just received, but marked at
special Clearing Sale prices, , ;
39c, 50c; 6<>c and 75c a yard. ■
. Fringes, Gimps and Cords to match.
SAN FRANCISCO.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIbaE, '
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
. Daily and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cam., six mouths, by mail.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday r a i.t, three months by mail '■ 1 .50
Dally and Sunday Calk,' one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall.'. 1.50
Weekly Call, one year, by mall ............ 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation ? If
so. It la mo trouble for ns to forward THE CALL to
your address. 'Do not let It miss yon for you will
miss it. Older* given wto the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
.NO EXTRA CHAItGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone .......Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone .". ... .".... Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open untU
I 1I 1 -.30 o'clock.
3.16 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
723 LarK*.n street: open until 8:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2918 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
116 s>lnth street; opeu until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Eooms 31 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M.FOT.T2, Special Agent. '
WEDSKsDAY.... JULYS, 189«
IHO CALL £PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
KOR PRESIDKNT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
i OR VICF-PKESIDEM-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELKCTION NOVKHVKR 3. 1896.
Every delegate at Chicago has a raw
spot. v
Hill has 3 right to kick, for he has been
skicked.
The people discuss finance, but they de
mand protection.
This year the campaign is to be one of
business against flapdoodle.
Canton is tbe popular resort this sum
mer. The delight of the people is there.
Prove to Democracy tnat the moon is
silver and they will nominate the man
in it.
Hereafter Democracy wNI be only a local
issue. National politics will know it no
more.
The proper salutation among Republi
cans just now is, "Have you registered
yet?"
You will benefit yourself, your neighbor
and your country when you vote for pro*
tection.
The only harmony at Chicago is between
the heat of tiie weather and that of the
delegates.
Senator Daniel is a pretty fair Demo
cratic Daniel, but there is no profit in him
for the party.
It seems to be the doom of Democracy
to run into sectionalism on every great
issue that comes up.
About all tbe California delegation will
do at Chicago will be to open the wine and
pass around the prunes.
An idle question foi an idle hour is
what would have happened if, Sloat
hadn't raised that flag?
The new Democratic leaders have got
the party whistle for the first time and
tbey are going to blow it.
The Chicago people call their big con
vention hall a colosseum, but it seems more
like a gasometer just now.
Having now celebrated all the public
holidays of tha summer, you can get in
and take your private outing.
The only way for the gold. Democrats
to treat the icy reception they have been
given is to whirl in and skate on it..""
Tarpey goes on the bargain counter with
the rest of the old stuff. 'Democracy is
making a closing-out sale this year. '
» . . .
, It is pleasing and altpgether lovely to
turn from the Chicago rumpus to consider
the glory and the patriotism of Monterey.
Four years ago Senator Hill went to
Chicago and was dropped in a cavity, so
he at any rate knows where he is at this
time.
The Chicago convention can be counted
on to alienate the gold men of the East
without winning the Populists of the
West. " _______
The Republican party proposes to put
the wheels of industry in motion, while
the Democrats ■ intend to only turn , the
cranks loose., , ' •
And ail the golden eloquence of the
golden orators at Chicago will be -to the
convention but as tinkling cymbals and as
sounding brass.
Trying to run a straight Democrat on a
crooked platform is what is going to make
the Populists shy at the Chicago 5 team
when they Bee it; > .
■'.;■ Monterey has nobly acquitted herself in
the celebration of the first hoisting of the
National flag in California, and the whole
State is proud of her. "
a
, The sober common-sense of the country
will re-establish business and industry be
fore it enters upon the settlement of any
other political question whatever.
If you wish to know the great issue be
fore the people in this campaign ask the
wbrkingman who wants better wages and
the idle man who desires employment.! ■:■■
The government of the country has been
bad enough in * the hands of ; New. York
Democrats, but just imagine what would
happen if the Chicago gang got hold of > it.
.While most politicians are going it
blind at Chicago a good many of them are
keeping their eyes open for what is likely
to happen at St. Louis when the Populists
meet. f 3gß&BjHgjflppEß6BJ : :
That Sibley voted for \ the funding bill
and Boies is a friend of Huntington are
only additional evidences that whenever
Democracy thinks ■it ' has a soft ' snap' it
finds it. has struck a snag. \
ALTGELDISM PREVAILS.
It is not because tne advocates of tbe
free coinage of silver captured the Demo
cratic National Convention yesterday
that makes the political situation alarm
ing, but because bl the personnel of the
new leaders. It should be easy enough
for tbe most politically blind man in Cali
fornia to see that Altgeldism dominates
the Democratic party of the whole coun
try.
Politically speaking it matters little
what the Democratic convention has done
or may do, for the people would not trnst
its candidates in any event, but it does
matter a good deal when a great political
party can be made a machine of to crush
the liberties of the people. Altgeld
Company boldly set up the standard of
anarchism for tbe rule and guide of the
Democratic party, and no matter who the
nominees for President and Vice- President
may be they cannot separate tbeir person
ality from the revolutionary purpose of
the anarchist who conferred the nomina
tions upon them.
The Democratic party will now stand
not only for unrestrained license in indi
vidual conduct, but for absolute free trade
and wide-open immigration. Under the
leadership of such a man as Altgeld the
party's recruiting ground would be the
alleys and illiterate qusrters of foreign
cities, and the importation of foreign
cheap labor to crowd out Republican
wage-earners would be a necessary part of
bis programme to rebuild the Democratic
party on lines to his liking. The wonder
is that he could gather enough strength to
commit such an outrage upon party right
and party traditions. Of course all decent
Democrats will refuse to be bound by such
proceedings, .but the disgrace of such a
scene as was witnessed yesterday will re
main.
It is to be hoped that there are none so
blind they cannot see that tbe free silver
coinage cry of the convention is merely a
mask for tbe real purpose, which is free
trade in all kinds of manufactured articles
as well as all kinds of raw material. Alt
geldism, which is now synonymous with
Democracy, is the champion of the in
come-tax theory of raising revenue to snp*
port tbe Government, and that, too, in the
face of the fact that the United States Su
preme Court has declared it to be uncon
stitutional to tax the people that way.
But Altgeldisin cares nothing for court de
cisions, nor for laws that are antagonistic
to his kind of Democracy, giving full ex
pression to its meaning. It is better so.
however. A less open and defiant attitude
toward our institutions might have
failed to arouse the people to the danger to
their best good which lies in the folds of
the work of the Chicago convention.
HOBART ACCEPTS,
In his reply to the committee appointed
by the St. Louis convention to notify him
of his nomination for Vice-president yes
terday, Mr. G. A. Hobart left no room for
doubt as to his position with reference to
the leading economic issues of the day.
He said that after a careful study of the
operation of protection for thirty years in
a great industrial State, be was persuaded
that the maintenance of a proper schedule
of import duties is of paramount import
ance to producer and consumer. In his
opinion whatever is calculated to open and
keep open our workshops should be
adopted without hesitation, and, on the
other hand, whatever is calculated to dis
courage American enterprise should be
avoided at all times.
Mr. Hobart pointed out how the present
tariff had enforced idleness upon so many
workinciqen and how that class could not
be deprived of opportunity to earn money
without seriously injuring every other
factor in the Nation's material life. He
favors whatever degree of protection our
industries may need to prevent nurtful
competition from countries that produce
at less cost because of the low wages they
pay their workmen. He would have our
farmers find a market at home for their
breadstnffs and provisions, and as far as
possible make America independent of
other countries; but upon such articles as
we need to bave and which it does not pay
us to manufacture or produce his plan
would be to exact such custom-bouse
charges as would provide for the necessary
expenses of maintaining the Government.
It is evident that Mr. Hobart has a very
clear understanding of what the United
States needs to make this country the
leading industrial and agricultural Na
tion upon a basis that shall be per
manent. In fact one could not read
his reply to the notification com
mittee without being impressed that
the words were spoken by a man who is
thoroughly conversant with the science of
economics, as well as of the practical
operation of transforming raw material
into merchantable goods and wares. Mr.
Hobart did not have a National reputation
as a statesman when he was nominated,
but his views as expressed yesterday to
the notification committee stamp him as
being a wise political economist who has
gained his knowledge of the needs of the
country from wide experience and close
and careful observation. The Republican
National Convention made no mistake
when H nominated G. A. Hobart for Vice-
Presidentof the United States.
HOW TO CAMPAIGN.
Prior to 1860 it was considered a gross
violation of political etiquette lor a Presi
dential candidate to come in contact with
the people. He was supposed to go into
retirement and there await the decision of
the people as handed down through the
ballot-box. 'Die people were to blame for
such an absurd rule, lor it was they who
"hedged about" their candidates with a
kind of an atmosphere which was too good
for common folk to breathe. Still it gave
an importance and a dignity to the office
of President which is not recognized so
much in these degenerate days, but which
might be to the general good of the
country. The ruler as well as the prospec
tive ruler of a cation of 70,000.000 Is no
ordinary man in the light of what such
rulersb.it> means.
But the people are growing democratic
and they are also becoming curious to see
their candidates for high public office face
to face and hear them talk. Stephen A.
Douglas was the first to defy an old
established rule, and it was he who intro
duced the campaign method of candi
dates for President going about the coun
try making five-minute speeches from the
rear of a railway-car. The next to do
that sort of thing was Qreeley, then Gar
field, then Biaine, and the last was Harri
son, in 1888. The people were more
curious than interested when they turned
out to hear Douglas, but the fashion has
grown in favor so much that a campaign
does not seem to be properly rounded up
if the chief of the Presidential ticket has
not participated in the work of the hust
ings.
Iv view of the many precedents and of
the clamoring of the people to see and
hear him talk no doubt Mr. McKinley
will go about a good deal during the sum
mer and fall. He already has invitations
enough to keep him going for a year, but
most of them mean a whole day's visit.
Should he conclude to make an extensive
tour, no doubt be would bare very much :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, ISJMS.
such arrangements as Mr. Biaine had for
himself in 1884. At all way stations Mr.
Biaine would make a three or five minute
talk from the car platform, and at the
principal towns he would leave the car and
occupy a stand near by which had already
been erected. In some towns these stands
were the joint property of the two parties
and they were left standing until the cam
paign was over. General Logan soon
afterward adopted the same plan, and he
"done" Ohio and West Virginia largely
fromacarpiatform.
By having a special train with dining
and sleeping cars an immense territory
can be covered in a day. Mr. Biaine had
a reception-car attached to hi 3 train, and
at every station voters would crowd it full
and go with him to the next stopping
V>lace. By this means the train was never
without a fresh "yelling crowd" to give
the proper send in as well as send out of
every town. On the whole it is a good
way to conduct a campaign if the people
are determined to see the man for whom
they intend to vote. In this connection
The Call would suggest to Mr. McKinley
that when he gets his train under way he
keep right on until he reaches San Fran
cisco.
NO EVASION.
From every portion of the East come re
ports which make it clear that the busi
ness men and the workingmen of the great
populous States of the Union intend to
settle the tariff question in this campaign
and to settle it on the side of complete
protection to American industry. They
will not permit any other issue to deflect
them from their determination to re-es
tablish industry, to revive trade and pro
vide work for the factories, profits for cap
ital, wages for workingmen, and peace,
plenty and prosperity in every home in
the land.
This determination on the part of the
people of the great States of the East is not
unwisely taken. We can well understand
it and sympathize with it in California.
The majority of the people of this State
are in favor of free silver coinage and many
of them are willing to venture upon it
without waiting for international agree
ment. It is well understood, however, by
the intelligent workers and business men
of this State that the pressing need is
that of tariff revision in the direction of
work and wages. We can wait for the
settlement of the money question, but
capital cannot wait for profits, labor can
not wait for wages, the home cannot wait
for an income. We must restore prosper
ity at once.
The Democratic tariff brought upon the
country a financial panic and an indus
trial depression that closed mills, shops
and factories, threw thousands of men out
of employment, destroyed the trade of
merchants and the markets of farmers and
carried distress in a greater or less degree
into the home of every wageworker in the
country. After doing all this the Demo
crats are still unsatisfied. Tbey demand
an even further reduction of the tariff in
the direction of free trade. In fact they
could not stand still if they wish, for the
existing tariff does not yield a revenue
equal to the needs of the Government. It
must be altered in some way, and out of
that condition of things comes the issue
whether we shall leave the reconstruction
of the tariff to the free-traders or to the
friends of American industry and the
American borne.
The Democratic party will attempt to
evade this issue which itself has raised.
It will do all that its leaders can devise to
dodge the record of wreck and disaster it
has brought upon tbe industries of the
country. It will seek alliances with Popu
lists in the rural districts or with Social
ists in tbe cities— even with anarchists —
in order to get votes to make up for those
it has lost among tbe business men and
workingmen of the country. The people,
however, cannot permit themselves to be
deceived by the«e evasions. The issues
are too great. The whole welfare of the
llepublic is at stake. We must hold De
mocracy to its record and make it answer.
We must postpone everything until it is
settled whether or not we are to have
American industry and American wages
to mainta'n the American home against
the world.
TO THE NORTH POLE.
It is said that preparations are practic
ally completed, and that Professor An
dree's balloon route to the north pole will
be opened for business on the 24th of this
month. The expedition will set sail in
its airship from Spitzbvrgen, where a sup
ply of provisions for two years has bsen
deposited. The balloon will carry enough
provisions to last the party two months,
but no such time as that is expected to be
required. In fact, if the wind holds up to
its ordinary speed, it will take only forty
eight hours to reach the pole from Spitz
bergen. The balloon is so constructed that
it will be free from climatic influences,
and it will sustain the load it is intended
to carry for two years before any weak
spots are likely to be developed.
The airship will be under the control of
those in charge by means of sails so ar
ranged that they will act very perfectly
for steering apparatus. In addition to
■ails there will be ropes of great length
which can be used to "trail," if occasion
should require. The party will carry a
boat and several sledges and every needed
instrument for scientific observation. Pro
fessor Andree has every confidence in the
success of the expedition. Naturally those
who will undertake the perilous expedi
tion are not only fearless men, but are
sanguine that the balloon route is alto
gether feasible. But whether complete
success attends tbe expedition or not an
immense amount of valuable information
will have been gained concerning a now
unknown and hitherto unknowable region
of which the north pole is the center.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Fred— Re seems bent on matrimony.
Arthur— Well, if he marries her she'll
straighten him out. — Puck.
Madge— Why do you think that Harry doesn't
love you?
Helen— He always asks permission to kiss
me.— Vanity.
Couldn't bear the disgrace— What's that! An
alderman committed suicide?
"Yes, he didn't have relatives enough for all
the jobs at his disposal."— Detroit Tribune.
Benedict— Bee here, I've solved the problem.
Arnold— What proolem?
Benedict— ThU thing about marriage. 1 mar
ried money and have found that it's a failure.
That is to say, her father failed the day after
the wedding.— Philadelphia North American.
Wheeler— l see by the papers that a Chicago
bicycler was held up by two men.
Sprocket (feeling if the conrt plaster was in
place on his face)— l wish to gracious it had
been me.— Yonkers Statesman.
Mrs. Wickwire— These clairvoyants' adver
tisements are so ridiculous. Here is one that
begins, "Madame X tells everything." The
idea.
Mr. Wickwire — Tells everything? Any
woman can do that.— lndianapolis Journal.
He— lt seems a shame that we arenot allowed
to enchor the choir.
She— Why so?
He— We might be able to tell what they are
singing about if they repeated it.— Yonkers
Statesman.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Stanley Hollister of Santa Barbara, number
4 on this year's Harvard crew, arrived here
yesterday with his college chum Charley Bull
of this City.
Young Hollister is said to be physically,
with one exception, the most powerful man in
Harvard University, where over 3000 men are
enrolled as students. He lacks a fraction of
an inch of being six feet in height and tips the
scales at 190 pounds, although when trained
down for the recent great intercollegiate boat
race he entered the Harvard shell at 178
pounds In meager rowing garb.
Unlike most men who have devoted them
selves to but one branch of athletics, Hollister
possesses a model physique, built on uniformly
powerful and symmetrical lines. As a fresh
man he rowed No. 2 in his class crew. Last
year as a sophomore he "made the Varsity,"
Stanley Ilollister of Santa Barbara, No. 4 of the Harvard Crew.
but became ill shortly before the race and had
to yield his seat to one of the suDstitutes.
This year, after he had secured a place on the
Varsity crew, the greatest honor in a Harvard
man's life, and the crimson apparently had
the race in hand over the other colleges, he
was again disappointed, for Cornell, in a won
derful performance that lowered all existing
records, crossed the line a little ahead of the
Harvard boat.
At college Hollister is a member of all the
local clubs— D. K. E., Alpha Delta Phi, Insti-,
tute of 1770 and Hasty Pudding—member
ship in which is based generally on popu
larity.
Charley Bull and he prepared for colleee to
gether at Belmont, but did not enter Harvard
at the same time. Bull has just completed his
sophomore year, during which he was captain
of the sophomore crew, substitute on the Var
sity football team and substitute on the Var
sity crew. He was also elected to membership
in D. K. E., Alpha Delta Phi and the Institute
of 1770. Id his first year he played end on the
ireshmin eleven and rowed No. 4 on the
freshman crew. Hollister and Bull will prob
ably spend their summer vacation near Santa
Barbara, where the late Colonel Hollister left
a large estate, principally in ranch property.
THE VANISHED MONTEREY.
Children mine, go make you merry
At the feast the stranger spreads ;
Go and dance the funny measures
That the Gringo tamely treads.
You are now Americanos!
Fled the good old times away
When tne Castro caballeros
Said " Good-nigtu to Monterey.*
Such tha times we had that never
Shall we see the like again—
O, so sweet the senoritas,
so cnlvalric all the men !
O, the music! the fandango-
All the night and half the day—
Ere the Castro caballeros
Said "Good-night to Monterey."
Then there came the icy Uringo
With Lis awful ships and guns.
And bis warlike speech that btiulshed
All our California sons;
Came and raised the flag above us—
Fifty years this very day :
(jloat the Commodore— he brought us
Such a change in Monterey.
O, so hot these wooden houses '.
Cool adobes then were ours.
With their dance-halls gay with colors
And verandas screened with flowers.
Then the ardent serenader
Charmed the loved one with his lay,
And the hundreds bent to listen
Jn the golden Monterey.
It is past ana gone forever !
Now the sovereign thought is gala !
Gringos little know of pleasure;
Know they better what is pain <
Build they taller, liner cities,
But no Joy is here to-day
Like when Castro's caballeros
Rated the hearts of Monterey.
See, the flag ! Once more they raise It—
Ah! what memories with It rise!
Bid them vanish ! 00, my children,
Join the revel where It flies !
Not a flag that floats is better—
Shout and dance your fill to-day!
Dead are all my caballeros—
L>ead my olden Monterey.
Dead the days of the Alcalde,
And the dance-hall crumbles down !
Bead the singers and the tiddlers,
Loved o'er all the olden town I
And a requiem from the belfry
Of the Minium tolls to-day
For an era gone forever
With a vanished Monterej !
„ Chas. D. South.
ban Francisco, July 7, 1896.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
M. Gervcx is to paint a picture of the corona
nation of Czar Nicholas for the city of Paris on
a canvas 33 by 24 feet.
The estate of the late Prince Henry of Bat
tenberg, for which letter! of administration
have just been granted to Princess Beatrice, is
valued at only $3115.
Mr. Gladstone usually has three books in
reading at the same time and changes from
one to the other as he considers that his mind
has reached the limit of iv absorption.
Brenham, Tex., boasts of a resident who is,
perhaps, the oldest person living in the United
Btates, if uot in the world. She i« Mary
Marks, colored, ana was born iv the West
Indies in 177 G.
George Meredith is preparing a definitive
edition of his works, and is said to be slashing
up the earlier editions vigorously with the
blue pencil, so that the new form of some of
hia books will startle his admirers.
Captain Harry North, the elder son of the
"Nitrate Kinf," is not likely to play ducks
and drakes with his father's millions. He Is
one of the class known as "steady," and has
Imbibed a good deal of his father's shrewdness
in business matters.
Professor Franz yon Lenbach, the celebrated
portrait painter and friend of Prince Bu
marck, by birth the eon of a simple peasant of
Schrobcnhausen, and the husband of a nieoe
of Field Marshal Connt Moltke. has formally
declared to the priest of his parish his inten
tion to renounce the Catholic faith, an act
which has created quite a sensation in church
circles ut Munich.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts has restored to
Corsica the mortal remains of the island's
I great patriot, Paoli. They had rested over a
I century in old St. Pancras churchyard at
I London. The bones of King Theodore of Cor-
I sica are still in the unpicturesqUe cemetery of
! St. Anne's, Soho.
The death is announced of J. H. Middloton,
director of the Art Museum at South Ken-
I sington, and a prolific contributor to the Ency
clopedia Britannlca. Mr Middleton was 50
years of age. He held the Slade professorship
of tine art at Cambridge from 1886 to 1892, and
was also director of the Fitzwilliam Museum.
Henry Ward Beecher, In his famous speech
at Manchester, Eng., in which he talked for an
hour against a howling mob of Confederate
sympathizers before ne gained their attention,
was interrupted by a man in the audience,
who shouted, "Why didn't you whin the Con
federates in sixty days, as you said yon
would?" "Because," replied Beecher, "we
found we had Americans to fight instead of
Englishmen."
The present Emperor of Russia is a man 0*
moderate habits in eating. To provide for his
simple wants he employs a French chef, who
ranks as colonel in the army. This functionary
is profusely decorated, and has under his
command at court banquets about 1200 subor
dinates.
Mrs. Lathrop writes of her father, Nathaniel
Hawthorne, that he helped his wife with the
kitchen work In their early married life. "He
washed dishes and cleaned knives, and cooked
like a Prince of fairy tale reliability ana gen
tleness. No doubt he swore ; but no imp of the
kitchen couhl make him swear aloud."
Joseph Chamberlain, since he has become
Secretary of State for the Colonies, has scan
dalized the bureaucrats by habitually giving
news to the press, and early one morning ac
tually sent out cigars and whisky to the re
porters waiting for official news announcing
Jameson's capture at Johannesburg.
Crown Prince Frederick of Denmark, the
eldest brother of the Princess of Wales, is 53
years old. He has seen all his sisters and one
brother attain more brilliant positions than
his own. His sisters are the Princess of Wales,
the Dowager Empress of Russia and the Queen
de jure of Hanover, and his broth er is King of
he Hellenes.
LADIES' FIVE-GORED SKIRT.
A graceful stirt of medium width is much
used alike for silk, woolen and other fabrics.
The two back gores are laid in box pleats, or
they may be gathered. The width of the me
dium size is 43 2 yards. When narrow fabrics
are uged it is necessary to piece out each gore.
Wide materials, which are not twice the
width of the goods, should be opened out and
doubled across the length, in this way the
back and side gores may be cut out of one
length if there is no up ana down to the pat
tern. The side gores are cut with a straight
edge to meet the front gore. The back gores
are bias on both sides. If striped goods Is
used, and one wishes to have the stripes meet
at all seams, fold the side gore through its
length, making the edges meet the center on a
straight thread at all seams; fold the side
gores, making edges meet and crease down the
center. Then place this crease on a length
wise thread or at stripe and cut; this brings
both seams on the bias.
LOVE IN TOWN.
They had no partings in the wood,
' No meetings In the lonely lane;
Beside the sea they never stood, ■
* Nor watched the sunset after rain.
Their pathway was the busy street.
Their trystlng place the office stair : -'
And yet I know joy more complete
' Did never visit mortal pair. .. - .
And why should rustic love alone
Be decked with all poetic art? ,
These dull, gray city walks have known
The beating of a nation's heart.
The weary, workers come and go, .
The secret of each soul is dumb;
Yet mill at times a radiant glow
.; Across their way-worn lives may come. .
And these, my happy lovers, knew ■ ,
I Hard toll, small wage, and bumble far*;
The skies they saw were never blue,
But love made glad ness every where. >
His step upon the oilice floor -
•" Was sweet to her as robin's song; *
Her face that passed the open dour '
For him made sunshine all day long.
—Nebraska State Journal.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Slang— H. W., City. The dictionaries of glang
do not give any definition of the two words set
forth in your communication.
Postage-Stamp Gum— B., City. The 1 gum that
is generally used on postage-stamps is made of
dexterine, acetic acid and spirit of wine, in
the following proportions: Dexterine, two
ounces, dissolved In hot water; acetic acid, one
ounce; spirits of wine, one ounce.
Say Nothing and Saw Wood— S. W., City.
The meaning of the phrase "sny nothing and
saw wood" is attend to business and keep
quiet. Its origin is said to be the remark of an
old farmer to his son, who was sawing wood
while the father and another farmer were en
gaged in conversation. The boy joined in the
conversation, when his father, nut approving
of the interruption, remarked to him, "You
; say nothing, but saw wood."
PERSONAL.
Herman Welisch of San Diego is at the Lick.
J. £. Beard of Napa is a guest at the Cali
fornia.
Charles F. Earle of Sonoma is at the Occi
dental.
W. 8. Terry of Hawaii Is among the Occiden
tal guests.
George Francis, a mining man of Oroville, is
at the Grand.
James D. Wads worth of Santa Rosa is at the
Russ with his son.
V. G. Frost of Merced is one of the late ar
rivals at the Lick.
J. W. Woods, a druggist of Pasadena, is regis
tered at the Grand.
Judge Edward il. Lanne of Los Angelesis a
guest at the Palace.
Frank D. Miller of Oneonta, N. V., arrived at
the Palace last night.
B. H. Uphain of Martinez is at the Lick. He
is interested in mines.
P. M*. Conklin, a merchant of Fresno, is
among the Grand arrivals.
James £. Dye, a mining man of Jackson, Cal.,
is among the Grand's guests.
Joseph Enright, a lumberman from Redding,
Is among the Grand's guests.
G. W. Wensley and Charles H. Post of New
York are guests at the Palace.
S. Pinnshower, a merchant at Cloverdale, is
making a short visit at the Grand.
J. M. Ritchie of Grayson was among the lat
est arrivals at the Russ last night.
Jay W. Adams, a railroad man of Los Angeles,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
Among the arrivals at the Lick are L. A.
Garrett and wife of Humboldt, Kans.
B. G. Parlow and Thomas Clark, mining men
from Piacerville, are guests at the Grand.
C. W. Clough, the well-known Chico journal
ist, is registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
H. Wolf of H. Wolf & Bro. returned yesterday
from a three weeks' vacation at Blue Lakes.
H. H. Gray of the big planing-milis at Sac
ramento took rooms at the Grand yesterday.
Rev. J. C. Burgess of Danville, Contra Costa
County, registered at the Occidental yesterday.
William Ost, a wealthy real-estate owner of
Kansas City, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
V. S. Nelson, United States navy, arrived on
the overland train last night and went to the
Grand.
Lieutenant Lucien Young, U. 8. N., arrived
from the East yesterday and registered at the
Palace.
Thomas G. Winwood, who is interested in
mines at Sonora, is among the late arrivals at
the Graud.
L. S. Fletcher of the United States Geological
Survey returned to the Occidental yesterday
with his wife.
I. Dunipe of Spain returned to the Palace
yesterday after having made a trip to South
ern California.
Ernest Weyand, who is extensively inter
ested in farming at Colusa, arrived at the Occi
dental last night.
Rev. Dr. R. F. MacLaren, pastor of the Sec
ond Presbyterian Church at San Jose, regis
tered at the Grand last night.
George Helmore, editor of the Tuolumne In
dependent, who has been in town for some
days, leaves to-day for home.
Ex-Superior Judge S. M. Bnck, the Eureka
attorney, registered at the Lick yesterday with
James Simpson, another citizen of Eureka.
John Drew, the actor, and Miss Barrymore,
a member of the John Drew Company, returned
to the Palace yesterday after playing in Fresno.
S. G. Fulton, assistant general freight agent
of the Northern Pacific Railroad, arrived from
the North yesterday and registered at the
Palace with his wife.
J. H. Neff, the well-known mining man,
who was a de-egate to the St. Louis conven
tion, arrived at the Palace last night lor a few
days' visit in the City. He returned from the
East two weeks ago, but has been on his place
at Colfax. He says that the thing that im
pressed him the most at the convention was
the greatness of the enthusiasm for McKinley,
and, with the exception of the few silverites
who bolted, the unanimity of the delegates.
Guy B. Barham, a member of the Board of
Police Commissioners of Los Angeles and in
ternal revenue collector of that place, arrived
at the Baldwin yesterdiy to attend a meeting
in this City to-day of the Sweet Wine Associa
tion, of which he is a trustee. Mr. Barham is
tne good fellow of Los Angeles for whom his
friends recently launched a complimentary
boom for Lieutenant-Governor. He says that
this year's wine crop will be short, but that the
market tor the California product will be bet
ter than it was last year.
W. J. Beck, who was a passenger on the Aus
tralia from Honolulu, leaves to-day for New
York. He sailed from there July 4, 1895, and
when he arrived here he had celebrated an
other Independence day at sea in the course
of a tour of the world. He says that he traveled
over 35,000 miles, was a passenger on the last
coach out of Johannesburg just before tne dis
turbance, went to the island of Madagascar, to
Australia, and then to Honolulu. He looks
out for the foreign trade of manufacturing
chemists in New York and usually takes three
years to make the tour.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 7.— At the St. Cloud—
H. W. Bacon; Bartholdi— J. M. Chase; Stuart—
A. H. Martin; Holland— Mrs. Bloch.
ART IN CHINESE EYES,
The Mark Hopkins Mansion
Thought Likely to "Swell
Heads."
A. F. Mathews Appointed Chairman
of the Faculty— An Earlier
Fall Term.
The next term of the School of Design of
the San Francisco Art Association will
open ;at the ' Mark . Hopkins - Institute
August 1. - The opening is fifteen ; days
earlier this year than formerly so as to
give a holiday vacation from December 1
to January 1. Inquiries already made and
the applications filed indicate a good en
rollment of pupils for the term.
The trustees have decided to establish a
night class, • and it is practically settled
that John 8 tan ton will be assigned to the
duty of teaching the class.
No additions to the corps of teachers are
announced.'. The staff of instructors will
remain about the same as it was during
the last term. The trustees ' determined,
however, to make one of - the teachers the
chief instructor, so Arthur F. Mathews
was appointed : chairman of the faculty.
He will be held responsible for the man
agement of the school. : ? : £UQdNB9P
The board will expect him to maintain
discipline, holding . him responsible for
any failure in this respect. He will have
general supervision of the classes and will
make such recommendations to the board,
through the school committee, as may be
deemed necessary to carry out -the details
of - instruction. ; . The trustees during the
last term ascertained that the plan of
placing all the ■ teachers on an equal foot
ing, so . far .' as : the exercise 'of * governing
authority was concerned, did not work to
the satisfaction of the board. . "
: Since the present administration went
into oilice the membership of the associa
tion has increased slightly. The number
of new : members elected ■ has more than
offset the ' losses by resignation and re
moval. . . •.■-• .
The number of visitors at '■ the institute
last Friday, the July, free day, did not ex
• ceed 1500. It was observed that the num
ber of Chinese was about 200. Among the
Mongolian visitors were many -. women.
One Chinaman bought a catalogue. He
was ■: highly delighted with the institute
and ' told i Joe , Mason, who •; sold : him . the
catalogue, that the house was good for the
head— "make it grow big."
■"--"-,-■'■ . •.- — — — "V" » .
Mustard was first made at Dijon, France.
GOLDEN GATE CARNIVAL,
A Mass-Meeting in Its Behalf
to Be Held Here This
Afternoon.
Business Men and Others Are to Meet
in the Rooms of the Cham*
ber of Commerce.
All arrangements for the mass-meeting
to boom the Carnival of the Golden Gat«,
to be held at the Chamber of Commerce
to-morrow afternoon at 2:30 o'clock, have
been completed. Hugh Craig, president
of the chamber, will preside. Mr. Craig
is enthusiastic on the carnival proposition,
and says that he believes it will do the
City an immense amount of good.
Invitations were sent yesterday to some
300 business houses invitiDg them to send
a representative to the meeting. The
committee desire the public to understand
that their invitations were not intended
to exclude others from attending the
meeting. A general invitation is extended
by the committee to all persons interested
in the welfare of the City to be present to
morrow afternoon.
The following gentlemen have been
named as vice-presidents of the meeting :
A. A. Watkins, F. W. Dohrman, Charles
Bundschu, Irving M. Scott. L. R. Mead, D. M.
Carman. M A. Gunsr. Colonel A. E. Castle,
Raphael Wcill, J. A. Filcher, J. P. Edoff, Hon.
0. M. Welburn, Hon. John P. Dunn, A. J. FriU,
A. S. Baldwin, Henry J. Crocker. Hon. Adoiph
Sutro, James M. Flood, David Meyer. John P.
Young, Charles tL Shortrid*e, F. W. Hawley,
Hugh Hume, W. M. Bunke", R. A. Crothers, A.
B. Spreckels, Charles G. Yale, W. Greer Harri
son, E. T. Allen, Daniel Bibb, Samuel C. Ham
mond, Charles Laumeister, F. S. Rosenbaum,
Wendell Easton, Percy Beamish, W. D. Harper,
J. J. O'Brien, Adam Grant, James D. Phelan,
J. G. Kirkpatrick, Frank T. Shea, Charles Webb
Howard, D. J. Stuples, Charles A. Laton, W. W,
Montague, M. H. Hecht, A. B. Magnire, Reu
ben Hale, R. E. Miller, C. B. Stone, John C
Nobmann, Colonel C. L. Taylor, Charles F.
Curry, Peter Scully, William Broderick, J. K.
C. Hobbs, C. E. Benjamin and J. I. Dlmond.
The committee on badges, carni
val colors and regaliahave under
consideration a large number of de
signs submitted at the same time as the
stationery and other printed matter for
the carnival. A number of these will be
utilized in the decorations, badges ana
rosettes to add variety to these features.
Samples of carnival buttons bave been
submitted by a local manufacturer. They
are very finely executed and will be treas
ured as mementos of the carnival, not
only from association but from their own
intrinsic merit. Two qualities will prob
ably be put upon the market — one at 25
cents and the other at a lesser figure. The
sale of these buttons will form one source
of revenue for the carnival.
MONEY FROM HOME.
'iood Fortune of a German Porter Who
Has Been in Hard Luck.
George Schurig, a German porter who
was some time ago employed in Thomas
Doran'a saloon on Fourth street, has
fallen heir to a small fortune . left : him by
hia parents in the old country.
; Schurig left l)oran's employ about two
years ago and was for a time lost sight of.
After he left several letters from the
Fatherland arrived for him and subse
quently lnquries were instituted : by the
Consul, but it was only on Monday that
Scburijr was discovered. He then called at
the County Clerk's office, where Uoran is at
present employed, and asked if any letters
had arrived for him in care of the ex
saloon man. Doran informed him of his
good fortune.
The value of the estate is not exactly
known, but it amounts to quite a com
fortable sum. .
» ♦ •
; California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'j.« '
FrrciAL information daily to manufacturers
business houses and public men by tha Prosi
Clipping bureau (Allen's}, 510 Montgomery. *
"He Is a mighty unlucky man."
"In what way?"
"Weil, he married to get out of a boarding,
house."
"Yes?"
••And now his wife runs one to support
him."— New York Truth.
Are Yon Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— ls the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absenoe of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted lor the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tonrist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and Iv
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1631.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday eve Ding. llntes cut v. ay down. Every
thing first class; meals in dining-cars. The finest
sigh' in the world is the hot water geysers, found
no place but in the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 Market
street, San Francisco.
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrnp"
Has been need over 50 years by millions of mothori
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay 1
Pain, cores Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels an!
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlsin?
from teething or other cause*. For sale by Dru<
glsts In every part of the world. Be sura and asic
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. Mo a botu*
CobokaDo.— Atmosphere la perfectly drjr, mV:
and mild, being entirely free from tha mists oom
inon further north. Kouad-trlp ticket*, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board a; tne ilotal a *
Coronado, *80: longer stay $2 60 per day. Apjw
*I<ew Siomgoniery st.. MsnKraieisoa
Fob jaundice nnd liver complaint, Ayer's rills
are better than any other. They do not contain a
particle of calomel.
Mack— ls it true that Bullion's daughter
eloped with his coachman?
Wyld— Yes.
Mack— l suppose Bullion is furious?
Wyld— l should say so. He says he never
can get another coachman that will suit him
as well.— Brooklyn Life.
new TO-DAY.
It's Cheaper
To Be
Slsk
Than it used to be, go far as Medicine is con-
cerned." provided you. buy it from us. We
: ; PAY SO PKKCKNTAOE TO PHYBICIAXS
and thereby gave you 50 cent on prescrip-
-. tions. Our drugs are of the purest and all com-
, ' • pounding is done by expert pharmacists. *
THESE PRICES
Will show you that we sell other things as well
.' at low figures: - •-.•■;.-
-'.■--. - . . - ■.-■■■
Trusses, a lanre 5t0ck.. .............; l «i 75
Elastic stockings... ;.. "*• '2 50
Kiectric Belts from SS'od'to 25 00
Galvanic or Faradlc Batteries..::. si 00 to 25 00
Lydia Pinkham'sCompound.. .. . hr
Dr. Pierces Prescription .....' .]'.' : 65
Mme.Pray's Prescription or Women's Friend' 75
.Mellln's JmXKI. ...... - ■ 35c and - SB
Hall's Catarrh cure.:::::*.. v:::v*".!". : .:_.f ... lo
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
983 Street,
_ . ; South side, bet. Fifth and sixth, ■WEDNESDAY JULY 8, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
r A T,TFOKNiA TRJtATKR.-"Amerlc»ns Abroad."
Columbia Thkatek-" London Assurance."
Morocco's <. i K«A-Ijonsh— A Money Order."
Tivoli Opkba-Hottml- "Romeo and Juliet.
CsriirvM— Hfgli-Class Vaudeville.
The Emporium.— Concert to-night, by the Em-
porium Orchestra.
Sumo Baths— Bathing and performances.
-hoot thk CHiTTKS-Dally at Halght street,
one block east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES
By GHO. F. LAMsojr-Thls day (Wednesday),
Furniture, at 1115 Geary street, at 11 o clock.
It Kiixif * (0.-Thursrtay. July 9. Horses,
at. corner Van Ness avenue and Market sis., at 11
o'clock. __^_^^__^_^^^_
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
FRir Wednesday— Local Forecast Official A.
G. McAdie.
General Pico has returned to the City after a
visit to his ranch, Pico Point.
George Pchury, a German porter, has fallen
heir to a small estate in Germany.
The young men of the Forty-first Assembly
District have organized a Republican Club.
The Howard Club was presented with a
beautiful flap by Fred Eggers last evening.
The election of the Pioneers was neld last
evening. Tnere was but one ticket in the field.
The filling in of nine blocks of the bay with
eand is one of the contracts left by J. G. Fair to
his heirs.
a. M. Hddi, a young Persian, who became a
globetrotter at 15, is exciting interest in local
church cire'es.
The Grand Council of the Young Ladies In
stitute convened in eighth annual session yes
terday at Y. M. I. Hall.
Trouble is brewing in Max Popper's branch
of the mail service, it being due to J. A. Her
bert's suit to collect $106.
The Soathside Improvement Club and the
Cycle Board of Trade are arranging for a
bicycle parade on the 25th inst.
The five-year-old daughter of J. Hawkins fell
from a hack while going to a funeral Friday
afternoon and received two serious scalp
wounds.
1 nere is to be a mass-meeting this afternoon
in the Chamber of Commerce to encourage
the work in behalf of holding the Golden Gate
Carnival.
A spirited debate on the single tax took
place at the Soutfc Park settlement last night
between James S. Reynolds and Lawrence
Gronlund.
Fire Marshal Towe and the Potrero police are
investigating a mysterious fire that occurred
on Solano and Kentucky streets on the night
of the 3d inst.
Alfred Cridge of this City has just received
word from Tolstoi that his j.aniphlet on "Pro
portional Representation" has been translated
into Japanese.
The members of the Musicians' Union are
complaining: because the managers oi the Park
Theater failed to pay the orchestra before
closing the doors.
The next term of the School of Deslftn of the
San Francisco Art Association will open An-
A F. Matthews has been appointed
chairman of the faculty.
W. Canley, saloon-keeper at Polk and McAllis
ter F'ret-ts, was arrested yesterday on a charge
of rubbery as an attermath of a game of poker
and was released on bonds.
John Prendergast, a laborer living at Twen
ty-fifth and Guererro streets, fell off an electric
car at Sixteenth and Mission streets yesterday
morning, spraining his left hip.
The banks of San Francisco have been called
upon to stand nearly $ 20,000.000 of the $32,
-000,000 raise made by Assessor Siebe in the
total vtiluation of San Francisco property.
Chief fro wley ha* called for a report from
all the offices in charge at the Californla
-tatiou concerning the brutality and Ihx
mothotl< : hat obtain there, as written up by
The 'all.
John McAllister, employed in the Cliff House
stables, was found dead on tiie fcutro midway
yesti rday morning. His body was found lying
across a ditch in puch a way as to Indicate
that he dud from suffocation.
Gus Johnson, a sailor, attempted to kill
Board in<r-hoi:se Master One and then turned
fipon npnn himself. Neither attempt
succeeded. The Bailors' Union says that John
son must be crazy to attempt Cane's life.
The member* of the St. George Club are con
siderably aggrieved at the refusa l on the part
of the License Committee of the Board of Sup
ra io grant them permission to hold a
high-c!ass athletic tournament at the Mechan
ics' Pavilion on July 27.
It is the generally expressed wish of the
coi gr*-ga<i >n that the First Congregational
Church be reopened as soon as practicable.
Pastor W. L. Birch, a prominent candidate for
the pastorate, has some practical ideas of how
it ought to be conducted.
The Woman's State Federation for Public
Good will consider the proposition of insisting
the Ashley sisters at their next meeting. Yes
terday Mrs. Woodman, a member of the Third
Congregational Church, bought Miss Lillian's
baby several articles oi clothing.
Miss Ella Hobart and Charles A. Baldwin,
two social favorites, were married yesterday at
San Maieo The church ceremony was very
pretty, and the after celebration was conduct
ed within a canvass barricade at a private
residence in the sunny iittle suburb.
The Pesthouse patients are yet as happy as
clams over what they consider certain cure by
the Goto remedy. The only friction occa
sioned by the cure is among the nine Chinese
patients who contend rather bitterly as to
who shall first use the one bathtub alloted to
them.
IN THE THIRTY- IGHTH.
Kepnblicana of j hut District Will Or-
ganize for More Effective Work.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of Re
publicans from the Thirty -eighth Assem
bly District to consider the organization
of a Republican district club was held in
the rooms of the County Committee last
night. The meeting was called to order
by the State Central Committee who ex
plained th«- object of the meeting.
After considerable discussion it was de
cided that a committee consisting of the
State Central Committeeman, Mr. Berg
erot, the County Committeeman, Mr.
Grove P. Avers, and five members to be
appointed by Chairman Bergerot should
investigate the matter and provide means,
with the support of the County Committee,
for the organization of a district club. Twe
chair appointed us the committee C. F.
Kinzman, A. B. Truman, R. W. Roberts,
E. H. Aigletinger and Frank Guines.
The meeting adjourned subject to the call
of the chair.
Convention Fund Climbing Up.
The following subscriptions were received
yesterday: Previously reported 19,547,
the Emporium $1000, a friend $260, the
Baldwin Hotel $175, H. J. Crocker $50. the
Owl Drug Company $50, Sherman, Clay & Co.
$50, Poly, Heilbron & Co. $50, Mark 'Strouse
$25, a friend $25, Joe Pohelm $20. total
$21,24:2.
Loyal Women.
The Women'd State Central Republican Club
.ill meet to-night in Judge Grozinger'a court
oom. There will be addressee by prominent
i>ei>kers on tne issues oi the day.
A£W TO-DAY.
DISTRESSING A-
IRRITATIONS W
OF THE
skin JS[Sm/
Instantly /////
Relieved by //// jv\
To cleanse, purify, and beautify the akin,
•calp, and hair, to allay itching and irritation, to
heal chafing*, excoriations, and ulcerative weak-
nesses, to «j»eeilily cure the firpt symptoms of -
torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp humors,
nothing no' pure, »o sweet, so wholesome, so
•peedilj effective as warm bath* with Cuticcba'
Boap, . and . gentle - applications of Ccticoka
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Cpticcra, Me t
oo«r. 25c.. Resolvent, We. «nd »i. Yarn.*. Deio
i*i> Cum. Com-.. Hole Pront.. lloiton. .
*""" - How to Cur* Skin D unite*," muled fre«.
The Lin c-of- Battle Ship Oregon Broke a-Drift Yesterday Morning and Made Her Way Through the Mission Bay Fleet. She Brought Up Within 150 Feet of Packard
Rock, and Was in Collision With the Schooner Halcyon.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF THE OREGON.
The Battleship Broke Adrift
From Her Heavy
Moorings.
SHE WAS IN COLLISION.
Two of Her Boats Were Dam
aged, but the Hull Escaped
Injury.
LUCKILY THE ANCHOBS HELD.
Two of the Spreckels Triers Got the
Warship Back to a S.ife
Anchorage.
The battle-ship Oregon is playing in
hard luck. It seems that her enormous
size is against her, and neither anchors nor
mooring-buoys can bold her. In the usual
order of events she would be taken to Mare
Island and there turned over to the naval
authorities. Owing to the fact, however,
that the big battle-ship draws twenty-four
feet it was decided not to make the trans
fer at naval headquarters, but in the bay.
The Oregon bad her own opinions about
tfie matter, however, and yesterday morn
ing she broke adrift and went careering
down the bay. How she escaped destruc
tion is a mystery, but all ship captains
who have seen her say that no disaster can
ever come to such a perfect piece of marine
architecture.
When Hear- Admiral Kirkland decided,
on behalf of the Secretary of the Navy, to
accept the vessel in the bay instead of at
Mare Island the Scott s were at once noti
fied. Accordingly the Spreckels' tugs
were called in and the battle-ship was towed
out of her dook at the Union Iron Works
and moored near the rolling-mills. Extra
precautions were taken to make every
thing secure, and Henry S. Scott remained
on board until midnight in order to see
that there was no detail overlooked. He
had not left the warship an hour before she
picked up her moorings and started for
Mission Kock.
Mission Bay is crowded with schooners
and deep-water ships, but through them
all the Oregon threaded her way and the
crew slept on. The British ship Elhsland
was ri^ht in her course, an«i Mission Rock
loomed up right ahead. The lookout then
discovered that the battle-ship was adrift,
and he at once sounded an alarm. Some
of the men ran into the pilot-house and
others made a rusn to let go the best
bower. By skillful maneuvering the bat
tle-ship was sheered off and the Eliisland
escaped. ha\ so the schooner Halcyon,
however. After the Oregon's anchor held
she swung around with the first of the
flood tide, while tne sailing vessel, being
inshore, was held by the iast of tbe ebb.
They came together, but sirange to say,
the battle-shi|i was the one that suffered.
The schooner's long jibboom raked her
I and two of the boats were so badly dam-
I aged that they will have to be replaced.
As the Oregon had swung within 150 feet
of Packard Rock the men at once sent
ashore for assistance. Ie did not take
long for Irving M. i^cott, Henry S. Scott
and Superintendent Forsyth to get back
aboard. They recognized at once the dan
gerous position in which the vessel lay
ana at once signaled for tugs. The Active
and Alert were on the scene inside of
twenty minutes, and while Captain
Brockaw held the warship up to her
anchor in order to allow its being taken in
Captain Marshall in the Active pulled on
the Halcyon in order to keep her clear.
Finally everything was cleared and then
both tugs took bold of the Oregon and
towed her to a safe anchorage.
Packard Rock is one of the most dan
gerous points in Mission Bay. It is named
after tne American ship Benjamin F.
Packard, which went ashore there while in
tow of the tug Hercules, and over which a
suit for damages is now pending. The
rock was then not marked on the chart.
It is now located by a small spar buoy,
but nevertheless the Oregon had no diffi
culty in finding it.
Eight hours after the battle-ship had
escaped from her dangerous quarters she
was turned over to Uncle Sam. All the
heads of departments from the Union
Iron Works were present, and Lieutenant
E. M. Huehes, as the representative of
Rear-Admiral Kiiklanu of the navy-yard,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
was in attendance to officially take over
the vessel. The Mare Island tug Unadilia
brought down 250 sailors and marines and,
without any fuss, they walked aboard and
took up their quarters. Quite a number
of naval officers and invited guests were
aboard and after the formal ceremony of
transferring the ship was over al' sat
down to a banquet. Packard Rock was
soon forgotten and everybody had a most
enjoyable time.
The Oregon is now classed as one of
Uncle Sam's line-of-fcutle ships, nnd
while not yet in commission she is ready
at any moment for active service. Cap
tain Henry L. Howison will be her com
mander and Lieutenant-Commander
Drake will be executive officer. As soon
as the Webster court-martial is over the
officers will all report for duty, and the
battle-ship's first run will probably be a
cruise to Portland, the capital of the State
after which she is named.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Work on the Sunken Ship Blairmore
Progressing Slowly.
Work on the sunken Blairmore is pro
gressing slowly. Juat when she will be
raised is a problem that no one can solve,
but, judging from past experiences, it will
be several weeks. Captain Burns is taking
no chances, and Captain Whitelaw is re
pairing broken fences. When bids for the
raising of the ship were opened the lowest
was $22,000. This the underwriters con
sidered excessive, and tl:ey determined to
raise the vessel themselves. Since that
time over $20,000 has been spent, and the
Blairmore is no nearer being on an even
keel tnan she was a month ago. The
Mumps of her masts are again showing
above water, but it will be several days
before the pumps are again In josition
and at work.
T. K. James, the popular chief steward
of the Australia, brought two ulack swans
from Queensland on the last trip of the
Mariposa. Yesterday he seat the birds to
Dr. Brigham at Lake Tahoe, and there it
is expected they will breed and mul
tiply. The swans are in splendid condi
tion, and as they are going by Wells,
Fargo & Co.'s express they should reach
Tahoe in good time.
The fruit business is now at it« height.
Vessels from the Sacramento and San
Joaquin arrive every morning with big
loads, and Jackson and Washington
street wharves are crowded. Peicbes,
plums, apricots and berries are coming in
in abundance, but prices rule low.
AT HALE'S CLEARANCE SALE.
Large Crowds Take Advantage of a
General Reduction in Prices.
There is a great crush seen daily now at
Hale Bros.' store, due to the fact that they
have just inaugurated their regular annual
summer clearance sal". Their counters
are crowded with a most attractive display
of drygoods of various kinds and to the
uninitiated it is a matter of conjecture
why there is any occasion to mark down
prices, for everything shown is up to date
and only of this season's style. But the
secret is learned on inquiry. The season
is well advanced and t c house, following
their customary rule, will endeavor to dis
pose of all their summer goods beforo the
tall season arrives. To do this it is neces
sary to offer extraordinary inducements
to the public, and the one great induce
ment for such occasions — low prices — is
being offered at this store in every depart
ment.
All day long ladies throne the store,
each intent upon receiving ncr share of
the many tempting bargain* that are be
ing offered. The sale has been going on
only since Monday last, and at the -resent
rate of progress it will equal if not excel
in point of success their similar sales of
previous years. This being the case, their
shelves will be well cleared in a few weeks
ready to receive their large stock of new
fall goods.
• m ■»
Burglar* and Fires.
Chances of loss by burglars are as nu
merous, apparently, in this city as loss by
fire, as the records show that in 1895 there
were 420 arrests for burglary against 445
fire alarms. This rather astonishing in
formation will, no doubt, cause consider
able interest to be taken in tlie announce
ments of the New England Burglary
Insurance Company, which insurer against
all loss by burglary. Okell, DouneJi &Co.,
411 California street, are the Coast agents!
Neptune* Indorse Maguire.
A large and well attended meeting was held
at 25 Steuart street last night. Forty mem
bers answered the rollcall. After some discus
sion a committee was appointed on transpar
encies and torches for parades in the cam
paign. The members pledged themselves to
bring the club membership up to its old stan
dard of ninety-two and for the return of
Judge J. G. Maguire to Congress.
* • »
Will Give a Dinner.
.The ladies of Trinity Presbyterian Church,
corner of Twenty-third and 1 Capp streets, en
couraged'■ by the success of a dinner which
they = recently gave -at the church, have re
solved to repeat the experiment, and or
Thursday evening, the 23d Jnsu, they will give
another dinner nt the church. - •
» ♦ ■»
De. J. L. Cogswell, pioneer dentist, has re
moved his office to.Oroville and is in' no wav
connected with any other office in this City.'*
SAILORS CALL
HIM "CRAZY."
Gus Johnston Attempts to
Kill Boarding-Master
Cane.
THEN TO SHOOT HIMSELF
He Had Some Alleged Grievance
Against the Man, Who
Laughs at It:
BUT BOTH EFFORTS FAIL.
Pisto'.Shots at Close Rarge Which
Startled the Habitues of the
Water Front.
A "crazy" sailor very nearly ended the
life of John Cane, the well-known "board
ing-master," yesterday. Five shots were
tired, but Cane escaped with a few singed
hairs, while the sailor attempted to end
Gas Johnson, Who Shot Boarding-Hoose Master Cane and Then Tried to Kill
Himself.
his own life with s sixth bullet, thinking
he had killed his enemy.
"Gns" Johnston was formerly a sailor
on the barkentine Eureka, and stopped at
Cane's house. For some time he has been
out of employment, and the Sailors' Union
has been taking care of him. Yf sterday
he was wandering around half crazed,
and, meeting Cane, he accused him of
being one of a gang of conspirators who
were attempting to keep him out of a job.
Some personal history was rehearsed, and
then Johnston pulled out a "bulldog" re
volver. He snapped it twice, and when
it failed to go off be put it back in his
pocket and orew a Smith «fc Wesson. The
first shot carried away Cane's cap, and he
dropped to the ground. Johnston fired
two more shots at the prostrate man, and
then turned the gun on himself. Cane
was not hurt, bat Johnston was, and the
ambulance was sent for.
"The mar. is crazy," said Cane after the
shooting. "He has been pestering me for
over a month, and I think was paid by
some one to kill me. I have been working
for months for the Merchants' and Ship
owners' Association and have thus in
curred the enmity of the Bailors' Union.
When Johnston began to shoot I thought
I had run up against a Fourth of July
blunderbuss, so I lost no time in getting
to earth. I had a narrow escape."
The members of the union laugh at the
idea of anybody attempting to kill "John
ny" Cane. They assert that "he is not
worth powder to blow him to a sultry
clime," and that anybody who would waste
shot on him ought surely to be sent to the
insane asylum.
Johnston was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and an examination showed that
the wound was only superficial and he was
sent to the City Prison and charged with
assault to murder. He was seen there
shortly afterward and appeared to be more
pleased than anything else at getting him
self into trouble.
"I have known Cane," he said, "for the
past two years. He cot a berth for me on
the Eureka, and' after the trip I went to
live at his board in ir-hou-e. He got all
my money at that time, and since then I
have been getting money and paying him
to get me a berth, but he has always put
me off. We bad S'>me words a few days
ago and when 1 met him this morning I
fired at him.
"Of course I intended to kill him and
then kill myself. He had a spite against
me and I wanted to get even with him.
No, there is nothing else at the bottom
of it.
"I am a Norwegian and a member of
the Coast Seamen's Union."
MYSTERIOUS SMITH.
The Slugger and Ear-Chewer Left Last
Evening for Portland.
Billy Gallagher, the champion welter
weight of Oakland, will not rest satisfied
until he has a "go" with h is opponent,
Billy Smith, under go-as-you-please rules.
Yesterday morning Gallagher followed
Smith down Sixth street with the object
of having a scrap on the sidewalk if no
better place could be selected. Smith had
as bis companions Tim McGrath and
Fanee, an alleged rich young man from
Portland, Or. McGrath saw Gallagher
approaching, and anticipating what «rould
certainly result if Gallagher got within
close range of Smith, he intercepted the
Oakland fightpr, and after an exchange of
words Gallagher retired, when he had im
pressed upon McGrath's mind that he
would have satisfaction if he bad to follow
Smith to the Northwest.
The mysterious slugger and ear-chewer
left on the overland train last evening for
Portland, Or., where he is booked to meet
Dudley Evans on the evening of the 16th
inst.. before the Portland Athletic Club.
THE PESTHOUSE PRIORITY
The Goto Remedy Has Resulted
in an Aristocracy of
Cleanliness.
Chinese Leper Pati nts Contending
Over an Important Question
of Precedence
The enthusiasm of the lepers of the
Ppsthouse over the Goto remedy remains
unabated. It is the subject of their con
versation from daylight until dark, and
topics of conversation are all too rare in
this isolated little world of misery.
"Not if man among all the lepers," de
clared City Physician O'Brien last even
ing, "but is confident of speedy recovery.
Of coarse it is too early to obtain any
palpable results from the specific reme
dies, but the patients are buoyed up by
hope, and there is no doubt that the men
tal has a very material effect upon the
corporeal oeing. One thing is certain.
They all look a sight cleaner than they
did. Cleanliness is always a great relief,
and, even if there was nothing else bene
ficial in the remedy, the daily baths would
be a great aid."
Dr. O'Brien was anxious, however, not
to be understood to be deprecating in any
manner the efficiency of the remedy. On
the contrary, he considers the authority
upon which the Goto cure is recommended
to be very high. He referred particularly
to a member of the Hawaiian Board of
Health named Brown. Mr. Brown wad in
this City a few weeks ago, and visited the
Pesthouse in company with Dr. O'Brien.
Brown has made a most extensive study
of leprosy, especially for a layman. He
was in the habit of making frequent visits
to the leper colony at MoU-kai until he
declared he knew every leper there by
name. Mr. Brown stated there was no
doubt in his mind that the Goto remedies
would cure some of the worst cases her©.
There were no new development 1 * in yes
terday's treatment save the expected
N£W TO-DAY.
w There has been so much
talk about poisons in food
and drink that maybe you
think it is all talk and no
poison; or maybe you
think poison is so common
that you might as well
swallow everything and
take your chances.
Wrong. Make a friend
of your grocer. Put him
on his honor and ask him
what tea is colored and
what is not Tell him that
you would rather be well
and pay grocer bills than
be sick and pay doctor bills.
Tell him that you don't
object to his making
money; but that you do
object to his making
money at your expense.
A lot of money has been
made on colored tea. We
have made some and we
know. But we are making
more money now, selling
good tea, pure tea, fresh
tea, fine tea, money-back
tea, Schillings Best
A Schilling & Company
S«n Francisco 522
DR. A. BARKAN
HAM RETURNED FROM EnROPE AND RE-
sumed practice at hi» office, 14 Grant avenue.
rew to-oat.
IT'S CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. It's cures that count. It
is cure* that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
world for its market. But
sales prove nothing. We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit :
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
nausea on the part of one of the patients,
but this circumstance in no wise disheart
ened him with the treatment. Strangely
enough, the Chinese patients partake
equally with the whites in the enthusiasm
over the cure. They, however, experience
a difficulty that has not confronted the
whites. There are only three bath tubs at
the municipal ramshackle used as a pest
house. One of these the woman Annie
uses, another is riven up to the
four whites and the third is used
by the nine Chinese. The whites
have satisfactorily settled the question of
precedence, but with the yellow patients
it is yet much mooted. As a result of the
limited bathing facilities an aristocracy of
cleanliness has sprung up among the
Chinese, and a position in the front rank
is deemed a very material honor.
Dr. O'Brien states ihat he will keep a
very careful account of the progress or de
terioration of the patients under the cure,
and he will submit the results in one of
his reports to the Board of Health. As
this remedy has never been tried in this
country, the report will be awaited with
great interest by the medical fraternity.
Attacked a Peddler.
Joseph Qlatto, a boy about 14 years of age,
while peddling fruit yesterday morning in the
Mission, was accosted by a crowd of young
boys who demanded of him to let them sample
his fruit Upon his refusal to do so they com
menced to throw stones at him, one of the
missiles inflicting a serious scalp-wound,
which was dressed by Druggist James H. Win
ters of Twenty-fifth and Valencia streets. No
policeman was in sight, but young Glatto says
he would recognize liis assailants, so they may
be placed under arrest.
Taking His Vacation.
The Second Unitarian Church, corner of
Twentieth and Capp streets, has been closed
for the summer and the pastor, Rev. A. J.
Wells, is away on his vacaiion. The pastor
will return about the end of this month and
services will be resumed on the first Sunday in
August.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
ANO'IHEB i CCESSt\L TKIUMPH!
L. K. STOCKWELL'S
p i L n^n R g s AMERICANS
Mr. Herbert Kelcey, • - .
Miss Effie Shannos * PDA A T\
And th« Star Cast. AnHUAL'
Every Evening This Week. Matinee Saturday.
. NEXT MONDAY
MR. FRED'K MISS ROSE
WARDE, GOGHLAN
and l; R. STOCKWELL'S PLAYERS,
Presenting a Magnificent Spectacular Production
;- ■ . of the Drama
O-A.PllwlElSr !
New and Elaborate Sreoery. specially Designed
Costumes, and. above all, the Moat Brilliant
Dramatized Version of the Story Yet
WBUWSSSTSii, Brought Out.
POPULAR PRICES WILL PREVAIL.
Seats Beady To-morrow (Thursday).
rmtDLAnOLR/jOrriOD »q»«TSp a.lO ruruat**- • •
WHAT'S I OF
THK USE I TALKING?
The People Will Come, I he Public Will
i.otu See
THE F RAW LEY Cc COMPANY,
Especially With Such a Magnificent Pro-
duction as .'
LONDON ASSURANCE!
Monday next— "TH.. CHARITY BALI,!"
because the whole town demands ic.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Slus.i-.i{Xh_-.i'jXK X KKT.r v«. I'ropneior & M.aa*£at
THE GRAND OP. SEASON.
Under the Direction of Mb. Gcstav Hinrichs.
To-Night, First Time in This City,
a nod's Tragic Opera,
(In Kngllsu).
First Appearances of Nina- Bertinl Humphrys.
Anna Rusaeil, Angelina Casatl.
Kichard Karl.
Cast also Includes: > ■ rnaml.' Miclia -lena, John J.
Raffael, Martin Pache, W. H. Tooper,
: . .Marcel Perron, sig. oeleor.l. - ,;'■'"■
. To-morrow and .Saturday— "LOClA."
Friday and Sunday— '-ROMEO AND JULIET."
NEXT WEEK-" KIGOI.KTTO."
Poouhr Prl' .-25 c anl sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
- The Handsomest Family Theater In America. -'
WALTER MOROCCO. Sol« Lease* and Manaca:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian, :
JULIS WALTfcKS
In His Up-To-Date success,
A IVIO3VEY OHD33RJ
Supported by the Pick of Our Company.
AN INSTANTANEOUS and ENORMOUS
SUCCESS!
- f.TXKiHn Pricu-250 and via.
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a.
r«ual Slntinee.4 Saturday ana Sundsr.
O'FarreU Street, Betweon Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), July 8.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
; •"-.• v^; Children, 10c, any part. ■ '
Week ("omineiiclnj: Monday, July 6. ,
ANOTnKU (iEKAT BILL !
THE JACKLEY— TIOSTON'S,
COLLINS & COLLINS,
THE KOSSOW MIDGETS,
THK FKr DERI' KS TH'»UPE,
29 HIGH-GRADE ARTISTS:— 39
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
The Greatest Bill Ever Given in the City!
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA!
AR AGON , : Que*n of Wire Walkers. .
SISSERIETTA JONES, the "Black Paul."
PROF. MACART'S BABOON. DOG
' *: AND MONKEY CIRCUS, and th«
MA RLO- DUNHAM FAMILY.
; . ADMISSION 10 CENTS.
Chlldren^lncludlng Merry-Go- Ronnd Ride, 5 c«nUk
GRAND CONCERT EVERY AFTER-
' NOON AND EVENING. THIS WEEK'
BY GAULIOSU BAND. .- -
-SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS : DAILY. -
ADMISSION-- I
78
OLD GLORY UNFURLED.
\Contimted from >\;--rf Page.]
orations shall find it as you leave It, as un
chaneed and true as the patriotism planted in
the hearts of the American people.
E. M. Preston, grand master Mason,
expressed his higli appreciation of the
honor extended to the Grand Lodpe of
Masons. It was lilting that the Masons
should on this day unite with the people
of the Pacific Coast In paying homage to
the memory of Sloat, and so, too, in lay
ing a corner-stona of a monument to him.
The speaker drew a beautiful picture of
the trowel and cement, which was em
blematic of the cement that ties the
craft of Masonry in bonds of fraternity.
The trowel, he said, wonld be treasured by
him as a beloved memento of this great
day, which, he declared, would through
out the ages be as an emblem of patriot
ism. His address was applauded warmly.
Dr. Church, acting grand chaplain of the
Grand Lodge, then pronounced an eloquent
prayer, at the close of which the Grand
Lodge replied in unison, "So mote it be."
The grand master announced in the lan
guage of Masonic liturgy that a casket was
Raising the Flag Ov>er the Old Spanrsk and Mexican Custom- House at JMonterey,
Gal., Yesterday.
to be deposited in the corner-stone box. i
The grand treasurer replied he had the
box, whereupon the grand secretary read
the following list of articles contained in
the box: Name of the President of the
United Statt-s, names of ti.e Secretaries of
State, the Navy and War Department, a
photograph of gloat, roll of officers of the
Philadelphia and Monadnock, roll of vet
erans of the Mexican war, name of the
Governor of California, names of United
States Senators and Congressmen from
California, printed proceedings of the last
session of the Grand Lodge of F. and A.
M., list of Monterey County and city offi
cials, copies of all newspapers printed in
Monterey County, piece of staff on which
81oai's flae was hoisted fifty years ago,
poem by Miss Eliza Pittsinger, constitu
tion and by-laws of the Masonic Veterans'
Association, list of members and officers of
the Sloat Monument Association.
Grand Treasurer Ed Coleraan was direct
ed by the grand master to lay the box in
the cavity prepared for its reception, ana
"may ages pass till it is again seen of
men," concluded the speaker. The cere
mony of depositing the casket was per
formed while all present sang "America."
At the close of t: c National anthem the
grand officers assumed their respective po
sitions around the cornerstone. There
was a temporary lull in the proceedings, !
when the chains oi the derrick began to
rattle and the great block of granite to de
scend slowly to its permanent bed. The
Masons stood in silence, now and then
making signals in accordance with the
mystic ritual.
Presently a sound floated up from the
bay. It was 11 o'clock in the morning
and the bells of theMomdnock and Phila
delphia tolled the hour. Fifteen minutes
later the stone was laid in its bed of ce
ment. Three lusty cheers were given and
simultaneously the guns of the flagship
Philadelphia boomed a salute.
The grand officers, continuing the cere
mony, daced corn, oil and wine upon the
stone as emblems of nourishment, re
freahment and joy. Rabbi Voorsanger,
grand orator of the day, delivered an elo
quent address.
"To-day the roll of honor of California is
unrolled." he said, "and thirty years after j
his death the name of John D. Sloat is
mentioned by the populace as that of the
man who opened the gates of Calitornia
und cave it rank among the States of the
free Republic of the West.
"I i is not often that tne roll of honor is
opened, and happy is the man who thirty
years after his death i 3 thus honored, j
John Sloat stands to-day as one of the j
most distinguished officers of the United;
States N.hvv. The lives of him and his
men were forever at his country's call. He j
sailed his ship over the ocean in unknown !
seas, blindly following his duty to his
coon try."
The reverend speaker said that there j
were two ways of opening a new country. ;
One was by taking forcible possession, the
other by colonization. He gave a short i
history of these methods, bringing his
subject down to modern times, when the I
Anglo-Saxon and Spaniard set the exam
pie of colonization. These two peoples !
met here in the West, and the Anglo- j
Kaxon stem proved to be the better: so I
when the American flag was hoisted at j
Monterey.it was a sign that the country ;
should be no longer subject to a few bidal- j
gos or a few churches, but on the contrary |
to a new regime under which the citizen ,
owed no allegiance but to the glorious flag j
above him. And so this gathering had not ]
been held to Jay the corner-stone and to '
honor Bloats memory alone, but to cele- i
braie the anniversary of the birthday of j
liberty on the Pacific shores."
Tne rabbi dwelt at some leneth on the |
possibilities of the future and the destinies
at America. In conclusion he prayed that j
heaven might grant the boon that in
church and school the native sons and
daughters might be worthy to stand for
all time with ti;cir brothers and sisters of
all America. As the years pass so, too, he
hoped the monument to John D. Sioat at !
.Monterey would, in the language of gran- j
iv-, salute and welcome ships from the |
West as they came into the bay from for- j
ci j't-j lands.
Tue grand chaplain pronounced the
benediction, while the Masons and specta
tors stood with heads bowed and uncov
ered, and the ceremony of laying the stone
was done.
Then the Masons fell into line and
marched down over the dry hillside,
while the crowd scattered by devious ways
over the spot where the Spaniard first set
foot at Monterey and first beheld the won
derful bay and a mere glimpse of the new
empire of the Pacific.
A PAG EANT OF BEAUTY.
Pioneers, Veterans, Marine* and Satire
Daughter* Parade. '
MONTEREY, Cal., July 7.— Whatever
may be said of the slowness of Monterey
in some things, there is no ground for it
when it comes to the starting of proces
sions. To-day's grand procession was
billed to start at 1 o'clock, and it started
•at 1 o'clock. The route of procession
was from Del Monte depot along Perry
street to Washington, to Franklin, to
Pearl, to Alvarado, and along that thor
oughfare to the Custom-house.
Only the first and fourth divisions of the
parade formed at Del Monte. The first
j division was led by Grand Marshal Jacob
j R. Lease and aids, followed by companies
D and F of the United States Artillery.
I Then came the band from the flagship
I Philadelphia, followed by the white bat
| talion and the naval brigade of the Mo
nad nock. This division was in command
of Lieutenant-Commander Ingersoil.
The fourth division was beaded by a
band and followed by carriages containing
| the different officers of the day. Admiral
Beardslee and his staff were in the first
carriage, followed by his aides in other
: carriages. This part of the parade moved
| to tHt|«Gi-ner of Alvarado street, where the
'seconi and third division took their
I proper places. Carriages containing citi
! Zens and guests brought up in the rear.
As the procession moved down Alvarado
street it made a pleasing picture. The
artillerymen and the sailors moved with
the greatest precision, and won rousing
cheers as they passed along the route.
After the soldier boys had passed came
the pretty girls. Miss Edna Ingram, as
| Goddess of Liberty, on a float representing
a cannon and emblems, led. Then came
the living flag of 200 children, dressed in
red, white and blue, and led by A. W.
Jones. The little ones executed a number
of difficult maneuvers as they passed
along the street.
The girls representing the different
i counties came next in carriages. The
! counties were represented in the order of
; their organization. In the ' first carriage
; were the first four counties, and all the
I others' were ' arranged in the same way.
| This was one of . the prettiest features of
1 the parade. All of the young ladies were
j gowned in the loveliest creations of tulle
i and lace, with bright-colored ribbons that
! fluttered in the gentle breeze. Each car
ried a banner of silk and gold bearing the
name of the county and the date of its
organization.
' The Mexican veterans, led by General !
Sherman and President S. T. Loop, came
next. They marched ; two and two, over
200 in number, and showed remarkable
vigor for men of their ages. They got
i along at a good rate, and few stooped
I shoulders were to be seen among them.
The veterans were followed by members
of the California Pioneers. ' Then came a
float of Foresters, representing a cabin in
the woods. It was very realistic, as alt
the men in the float were dressed in cor
rect costumes. The truthfulness of the
picture was still further brought out by a
live deer that seemed perfectly contented
to be looked upon as a member of Del
Monte Court.
The float bearing the Goddesses of Mon- I
terey and Pacific Grove was an elaborate
affair. It represented a sea lion coming
out of a filmy cloud of gauze and golden
flicker. v The highest seat was occupied by j
Miss Sctiauffler, who represented Mon
terey, and the lower seat , by Miss Rogers,
who represented Pacific Grove, and car
ried the golden key. Both young ladies
were at their prettiest. They ; were attired
in white gowns, cut on classic lines. This
float was the most elaborate in the proces
sion, and was cheered along every foot of
the "route.
f. Then followed the representatives— Miss
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
Qrand Master Preston, Officers and Members of the Qrand Lodge, F. and JK. pi., of California = Placing the
Cornerstone in the Sloat JVlonument at j^lonterevj, Gal., yesterday. -V>
_^ HRketched by a member of "The CmW»" Art Staff-]
Barney, wno represented California; Miss
Cutts, who represented the navy, and Miss
Stewart, who represented the a'rmv.
The members of the Grand Parlor of
Native Daughters rode in carriages, and
I the members of the Boards of Supervisors
of different counties were followed by the
Grand Army of the Republic.
From end to end, the procession was of
| a high order of merit. Everybody in it
I took his part to perfection. No hitch of
any kind occurred from the time the first
division left Del Monte until it broke
ranks in front of the reviewing stand.
FLYING TO THE RREKZE AGAIN,
Commodore Stoat's Historic Flag Hoisted
.... by Pioneers. 1 .
MONTEREY, Cau, July 7.-Upon the
arrival of the procession at the grand
stand opposite the Mexican custom-house
and the Bloat flagpole, S. J. Duckworth of
the Monterey committee received invited
gueßts and officers o! tbe celebration.
The marines and sailors halted and after
opening and forming a row on either side
of Alvarado street forced the throng back
ward, leaving an open space for those in
the rear to pass through. The Goddess of
Liberty, Miss Ingram, was the first to en
ter and she went upon the stand. She oc
cupied a position in front.
The living flag came next, and its com
ponent parts took their seats on the stand
in the formation that preserved the in
tegrity of the emblem. Next in order
were the Mexican Veterans— lso of them—
who sat beside the living flag. It took
some time for them to pass in double file
through one entrance and reach a spot
where they could rest.
Senator Henry C. Geyford, gran d presi-
dent: George D. Clarke, grand vice
president, and Dr. Charles W. Decker,
past grand president of the Native Snns of
the Golden West, entered with the Associ
ation of California Pioneers. Admiral
Beardslee and staff, with the ladies of his
party, were shown to seats near the speak
ers (leek. The ladies iepresenting Cali
fornia and the various counties were then
escorted to the stand.
Very quickly the stand filled, and at last
it wan really brilliant with its diversified
features— the admiral's staff in their uni
forms, veterans with their flags and
badges, the living flag and the queens of
the several counties in rows one above the
other.
Many of tne invited vice- presidents were
also on the platform. The full list of
those invited to participate includes Hon.
S. M. White, General J. W. forsyth,
Colonel O. D. Greene, Lieutenant-Colonel
C. R. Greenleaf, Lieutenant-Colonels Evan
Miles, L. B. M. Young, G. C. Lee, J. V. D.
Middleton. A. S. Kirnbali, Majors A. C.
Bates, B. F. Pope, Tully McCrea. Surgeon
C. C. Munn, Judge Advocate L. W. Groes
beck, Colonel Joseph Stewart, Colonel J. W.
McKenzie, Colonel W. C. Burnett, Colonel
A. Andrews, Major S. J. Loop, C. Lange,
Captain W. L. Duncan, A. McDonald,
Major George L. Bromley, Major S. W.
Briny, General R. H. Warheld, Colonel C.
F. Crocker, Colonel T. H. Goodman, Dr.
Washington Ayer, Hon. Irving M. Scott,
Hon. W. M. Boggs, Hon. Jesse D. Carr,
Hon. W. F. Pierce, Colonel Frank Pierce,
Hon. W. 8. Green, Hon. W. W. Morrow,
Hon. O. 8. Henderson, Hon. W. H.
Beatty, Hon. L. R. Ellert, His Grace P. W.
Riordan, Rev. Jacob Voorsanger, James
D. Phelan, Hon. Thomas Harris, Hon.
Adolph Sutro, Hon. M. H. de Young, Hon ■
W. M. Bunker, H. N. Tilden, Robert Tobin,
Louis Gerstle, George C. Perkins, Rear-
Admiral D. B. Harmony, Rear-Admiral
Kirkland, Rear- Admiral L. A. Beardslee,
Captain* Henry L. Howison, George W.
Sunnier, Albert S. Barker, Charles S. Cot
ton, Nicoll Ludlow, Commanders Charles
G. Clark. B. H. McCalla, George W. Pip
man, Inspector James A. Hawke, Pay
master Henry T. Skelding, Paymaster
William J. Thompson, Chief Engineers
George F. Kutz and John Lowe, Ma
jor Perclval, Hons. H. U. Ges
ford, W. T. Wallace, D. J. Murphy,
J. R. Campbell, C. H. Hubbard, J. G.
Maguire, E. 1\ Loud, James McLachlan,
W. W. Bowers, J. A. Barham, James L.
Cogswell. Edward Tavlor, Joseph Figel,
Samuel W. Levy, S. H. Collins, Raphael
Weil!, Rev. W. F. Nichols. Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, Hons. Edward Ingram, O. S.
Trimmer, C. M. Shortridge, W. R. Hearst,
Hugh Craig, John Rosenfeld, W. C.
Ralston, J. H.'Neff.
When the stand was filled and every
thing was in readiness for beginning the
ceremonies the soldiers and marines on
the street formed a hollow triangle as
their predecessors had done fifty years be
fore when the flag was raised by Sloat,
each man and each officer taking a posi
tion as nearly as possible to that occupied
by the United States sailors on that occa
sion. Mayor Ingram of Monterey wel
comed the veterans and others to the cele
bration and opened the proceedings in the
following address:
"President Loop and Veterans of the
Mexican War: By your patriotic devo
tion to country, by your heroic deeds of
valor upon the fields of battle, this golden
Pacific was brought beneath the folds of
the stars and stripes, the glorious emblem
of our country. For fifty yeais has this
gem been set in Columbia's jeweled crown,
and now, upon the occasion of this semi
centennial celebration, the citizens of Cali
fornia's ancient capital extend to you as a
token of their cordial welcome their hands,
their hearts and their home that you may
participate in the festivities tnat com
memorate the day on which the gallant
Sloat flung to the breeze the proud banner
of this great Nation.
He introduced S. J. Loop, president of
the Associated Veterans of the Mexican
War, who in turn introduced the president
of the day, Congressman James McLach
lan of Pasadena. Mr. Loop's address was
punctuated by applause. He said:
"I thank you tor the kind reception I
have received here at your hands in cele
brating this historic day of fifty years ago.
On the 14th of March, 1895, at a meeting of
the Mexican Veterans in San Francisco, a
committee on arrangements to celebrate
this event was appointed, consisting of
Major Edwin A. Sherman, Colonel Joseph
Stewart and W. C. Burnett. On account
of the death of Governor Burnett the va
cancy was filled by Charles Umbe.' 1
He told of how the arrangements were
made and completea, and concluded by
proudly stating that the result w»s shown
in the crowds present and the enthusiasm
manifested in the jubilee celebration. He
introduced the president of the day, Con
gressman James McLachlan of Pasadena,
who was received with applause.
Congressman McLachlan 's speech was
frequently interrupted by tbe plaudits of
his immense audience, that was then pre
paring for an overflow of patriotism.
•'Ladies and gentlemen," he said, "when
I received a message last Saturday, asking
me to come here and act as presiding
officer of this day, I regretted exceedingly
that I Lad not more time in which to pre
pare myself. But, fellow-citizens, I am
sure that you did not come here to-day to
listen to any remarks from the presiding
officer, whoever he might be.
"The committee offarrangements has se
lected those who are to recount to you the
meaning of this great day, and you are
here to listen to what they may say.
"Fellow citizens of Monterey, this is a
day of interest, not only to the citizens of
Monterey, not only to the citizens of Cali
fornia, but it is a day which every citizen
of the great United States of America
takes pride in celebrating.
"I am glad to-day that I am hero in
some small degree representing the Gov
ernment at Washington, to show the in
terest that the great Government of the
United States takes in this occasion. If
Commodore Sloat were here to-day no one
would be more surprised than he at the
assembled multitude he would see before
him.
"We are here to do honor to him to-day
and those brave veterans who made it pos
sible for the flae which he raised —our
flag — to continue to float forever from that
pole upon which he raised it upon that
day.
Little did Commodore Sloat dream of
the great importance this Nation of the
land that he declared on that day a por
tion of the United States of America.
"The Government at Washington, my
friends, almost condemned him for the act
which he then committed, claiming that
the territory which he had acquired by his
act was not worth the sacrifice that it
cost, nor the sacrifice that would be re
quired to maintain it as a portion of
the United States of America. But
within a few short years the hills and
gulches of California gave forth her
millions of riches, gold that even Com
modore Sloat did not suspect lay hidden
there. During the great strug le for the
existence of this Government and to main
tain the supremacy of this flag no
portion of the United States contributed
so much to maintain the supremacy of the
Nation during that trying period as did
the territory acquired by Commodore
Sloat in raising that flag.
"Comrades of the Mexican War, we are
here also to pay tribute to you; for, as I
said, by your gallant efforts it has been
possible for us to continue to allow that
flag to float here over a portion of the
United States. We assure you that in
times to come, as in the past, "we shall do
everything toraaincain that flag inviolate."
The flagship band played national airs,
and was joined by the people, whose
voices, attuned to patriotic feeling,
sounded a grand anthem. As the notes
died away Rev. A. A. McAllister, U. S. N.,
delivered a prayer and all heads were
bowed.
J. B. Whittemore, grandson of Com
modore Sioat, read the proclamation of
Sloat in taking possession of California
by tue United States a half century ago —
the one that was read at that time near
the identical spot where Mr. Whittemore
stood. The document in his hand was one
of the three original documents now
preserved by the Pioneers Socieiy of San
Francisco.
Mrs. C. G. Dodge of Oakland sang "The
Flasr That Stirs Our Soul" in a rich, strong
voice that made the rather plaintive air
seem quite inspiring.
The president of the day said that the
most interesting character here to-day whs j
Mr. Toler, the very man who years ago
raised the American flag upon that pole.
A hurst of cheers greeted this statement.
Presently the old man, still robust and
enthusiastic, pulled away on the ropes
across the street and the flag went up the
mast attached to the customs-house.
As the Stars and Stripes began to unfold j
in the slight breeze everybody stood and
cheered. Then occurred a scene the like
of which may be seldom witnessed. Peo
ple went fairly wild. The spirit of pat
riotism was contagious.
Hats and handkerchiefs were flung into '
the air; military reserve was forgotten in
this wild burst of applause. It was a mass
of men. women and children cheering and
cheering without restraint, with plaudits
rolling like the rumble of distant thunder,
but they were eloquently expressive of
victory.
As the flag flew to the top of the mast
smoke and flame were seen issuing from
the two white ships of war anchored a few
hundred yards away. The air was filled
with a riot of sounds, the crash of guns,
multiplied in echoes, rising above the
strains of "The Star-spangled Banner" by
Uncle Sam's band.
It was a touching sight to see
the venerable veterans of the Mexi
can War behave like little boys
let loose from school, and the children
clacping hands and uniting their weakly
voices, and the fair queens and the ladies
singing bit? of National songs, shaking
hands, waving handkerchiefs high over
bead and even cheering with the men.
Meauwhile the sailors stood at atten
tion, unmoved, while they saluted.
Somebody's voice at last was raised above
the din.
"Three cheers for the American flag," it
yelled, and three lusty and stirring cheers
were given, with a "tiger."
Then three cheers were proposed and
given with great gusto in succession for!
Admiral Beardslee, for Sloat, for the army I
and navy, for the ladies, for the Phila
delphia and for the Monadnock.
Through it all the sailors maintained
their accustomed reserve, but at the men- '
tion of "the ladies" they yelled and waved
their r-ps after a fashion that clearly in
dicated that they* meant what they were
doing.
But the flag would not spread out It
hung obstinately — lazily it seemed — by
the mast. A sailor cfimbed the pole,
scrambled upon the verandah roof and
released the stars and stripes.
When Sloat raised his flag the same
difficulty was met, and Edward Phillips, a
midshipman of the United States ship
Cyane, climbed the pole and set it flutter- t
ing in the free sunshine.
Pnillips' brother was present to-day and (
was among those who remarked the '
strange coincidence. Many of the old men ,
thought it was extraordinary, while some
regarded it as meaningful.
The probability is that the commodore's
emblem was raised on the same side of the
mast, and having been blown against the
pole became tangled with the ropes, for
the days are much the same in Monterey
in July now as they were a half century
back.
From all sides of the throng there now
came a cry for Toler. "Put him on the
roof!" they shouted; "Put him on the
platform !" "Toler, Toler, tSree cheers for
Toler!"
The old man was hurried across the
street, but hardly had he reached tne
speakers' stand than he was raised by a
dozen men upon the desk.
He bowed and bowed and appeared to
be deeply affected. It took some time for
the fervent, patriotic enthusiasm that
stirred the people to subside.
"What shall I say?" asked Toler turn
ing to the president of the day. "What
can I say?' 1
"Anything; a word to the people."
"I will »ay ju3t a word," said the veteran
sailor. He spoke briefly and was greeted
with applause, and all he could do was to
look bewildered and overcome with a mul
titude of sensations as he doffed his hat
and retired.
Admiral Beardslee was called and when
presented by the president of the day
thanked the assemblage for honoring him
and very modestly referred to himself,
Mying that it was merely by accident that
he was present, and therefore he deserved
no honors.
"Admiral Sloat— for he died an ad
miral—will live forever in your hearts "
he said.
The crowd wanted Beardslee to share
some of the honors and apulamled him
most cordially. Major E. A. Sherman de
livered an address.
The children of the living flag sang
"The Star-spangled Banner," and Mrs.
Eliza Pittsinger read a beautiful and strik
ing poem.
The Hon. H. C. Gesford, grand presi
dent of the Native Sons, was introduced
whereupon the natives, headed by James'
D. Pheian, S. J. Duckworth and others
gave him a rousing reception.
Mrs. Blake Alverson sang "Viva La
America" and the ceremonies came to a
close with a benediction pronounced by
Rev. John H. Macomber of the navy
Statistics show that the longest-lived
people have generally been those who
made breakfast the principal meal of the
day. The stomach has more vigor in the
morning than at any other time.
When Baby was sick, we ga-*e her Castoi la.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
NEW TODAT.
That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled
by a swallow of Vino-Kolafra,
the African Tonic made from
Sterculia Nuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - Kolaf ra
will convince you that it is a
product of unusual impor-
tance.
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
9 3 William St., New York,
I 22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
Etamine 1
Faconne I
Nouveaute! I
We place on sale 6O suits of j
the above Parisian fabric, sold
during the season at $2O to
$3O a suit,
I At $13.75 Suit. I
In selecting Black Goods examine our I j
m magnificent assortment before purchas- |J
18. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. I
R. T. KENNEDY COMPANf.
Telephone Grant '518* ||
SPECIAL SALE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS CARPET
LAID I 7r p A
LINED,/ J(j YARD.
4 Rooms Furniture, solid oak, $75.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISHERS,
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant Aye.
Telephone 5391.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
■
____________
» —————
COAL! COAL!
Wellington $10 00
Southfleld 950 . ■ ""
Genuine Coos Bay B 50— Half ton. 356
5eatt1e...*....,.......... 8 00— Half ton. 400
8ryant....................;... 7 00— Hall ton. _(k» I
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
523 Howard Street, Near First. '
£? OPIUM
i Th« pure essential extract from the native drug. Con-
Mm a v the valuable medicinal properties of Opium •
without <t» noxlou* element*. No sickness cf stomach , •
noTomlt^ngjno costlvenew ; no headaohe. All Druggists. :
" ~~i ! ■ .•- ! " . . . — ■".
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON' STS.-RF,
XV modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD «ft cc?
Kuropean plan. Rooms 50c to *1 50 per day ii
to #8 per week, t* to *30 per moota: free b»ttii
hot and cold water ©very room; . ore jtrata* la
every room; elevator runs aUnight, / ••»»»■•
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
WO HOUSES, 10 ROOMS AND BATH EACH >
and frSwis. nl °Che.r betW6en Van ' NeS3 aVeDU; ''
' G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery street. jSLAI N BY
TWO MEN
The Montecito Murders Not
Committed by Barnard
Unaided.
PROOF THAT HE HAD
CONFEDERATE.
Footprints of a Second Assassin
Found Near the Corpse of
Ethel Richardson.
A STKANGER LTJRKED ABOUT
THE GROUNDS.
His Description Fits the Suspected
Stepson— Death of the
Mother.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July 7.—
Three deaths by violence within twenty
four hours, two horrible murders and a
swift ana bloody vengeance descending
upon their supposed perpetrator. Three
inquests within two days. What a record
for quiet, idyllic, peaceful Santa Barbara.
At 7:30 o'clock this morning Mrs. Rich
ardson passed away— died without once
regaining consciousness to proclaim her
murderer's name. All day yesterday she
was tenderly cared for and a vigilant
watch maintained to take advantage of
any passing gleam of intelligence, but the
white-haired woman sank into her last
rest without once awakening to a knowl
edge of the consummation of tbe dreadful
tragedy and her young daughter's fate.
The suspicion involving Scott Richard
son, Mrs. Richardson's stepson, will not
down. If Barnard committed the mur
ders, the question arises as to whether or
not he was acting as an accomplice. The
fact that two sets of tracks, the one made
by a large shoe and the other by a small
shoe, were found in the Richardson yard,
and that the smaller of these tracks fol
lowed the trail of the girl's naked feet,
woulf indicate that two men were con
cerned in the crime. This would also ac
count for the front door being found
closed, the one having apparently waited
there and locked the premises to delay the
detection of the crime while the second
made sure of his victim.
In corroboration of at least a portion of
this theory is the fact that a mysterions
fugitive was followed last night through
the undergrowth of Montecito Creek in
the neighborhood of Mr. Worthington's
house by a large posse of men, with Cyrill
Doulton as their leader.
This man dashed through the brush
down to the creek and was swallowed up
-in darkness, but to-day men have been
beating the vicinity, hoping to find some
trace of the fugitive.
Two of Ethel Richardson's intimate
friends say that a weeK ago she called
their attention to a man who was crossing
a field adjoining their place, saying:
"There is that man again. He has been
hanging about here for four or five days.
I wonder what he does it for."
This man was tall and slender, with
light hair. Neither Ethel nor her friends
had ever seen her stepbrother, Scott Rich
ardson, who corresponds to this descrip
tion. The man was not Barnard, who was
notably diminutive and was known to all
three.
Should Scott Richardson turn up alive
and innocent in some distant place where
he can prove a clear alibi it will be a lesson
to all who rely apon theories or upon cir
cumstantial evidence. Had he shown
himself on Santa Barbara's streets yester
day his life would not have been worth a
straw. His declared hatred and enmity
lor his half-sister and his stepmother, his
repeated threats to make away with them,
and the direct benefit he would enjoy from
their death, made so strong a case against
him in the absence of any proof 0/ an
other's complicity that he would scarcely
have been tendered the formality of a
trial. A lynching bee was as good as or
ganized last night.
It wa3 rumored on the streets to-day
that Scott Richardson and Cyrus Barnard
were clo|£ friends, and this strengthens
the suspicion of complicity, if Barnard
were really concerned in the crime. At
one time to-day Sheriff Hicks thought
that be had located Scott Richardson in
Minneapolis, but an urgent telegram sent
by the Sheriff early this afternoon, stating
the circumstances of the crime and urg
ing upon him an immediate response,
brought no reply. Moreover, the Minne
apolis telegraph office was instructed to
make a personal delivery of the message
only and to at once notify this office
should Richardson be found.
As soon as the tidings of Mrs. Richard
son's death were received, Coroner Ruiz
impaneled a jury consisting of the follow
ing gentlemen: F. P. Myers, I. B. Parks,
James B. Ackers, John Hartnell, O. M.
Covarrubies, B. Young, Dan Kelly, E. H.
Frost. After making a careful inspection
of the premises and the body, and listen
ing to the physicians' description of tbe
injurias, the jury adjourned to J. is.
HiHer's undertaking establishment,
whither the bodies of the murdered women
!; ad been carried, and began taking testi
mony.
It was a surprise to many that the in
quest began with an inquiry into tbe cir
cumstances attending the killing of Cyrus
Barnard last night, and that its trend was
almost entirely in the direction of proving
the guilt of the dead man, Mrs. Richard
son's name being scarcely mentioned dur
ing the inquiry. It is human nature when
'ier of the law has shot a man down
in the pursuance of his duty to seek to
justify himself and his deed, and it is only
human nature for his fellow-officers, who
may any day find themselves in a like
on, to stand loyally by him and
vtilue at its utmost any testimony that in
mmiaates the dead man and would seem
10 make the taking of his life but an acci
anticipation of justice. The in
quiry in this case tended to make the most
of every suspicious act of Barnard and
every unexplained circumstance.
This was aotably the case in a certain
statement made to the jury in the course
of the inquest, to the effect that it had
impossible tc procure a certain wit
ness by whom it would have been easy to
prove that one day last week Barnard
boarded the Hot Springs stage, leaving it
at the Richardson placet As a matter of
fact, the young man had been in the habit
of paying frequent visits to his mother, to
whom he was tenderly attached, and who
has been storing at the Hot Springs for
her health for two weeks past. On the
day in question he left the stage to take
dinner at the Wfcllens, close neighbors of
the Richardson*. The Wallens would
have readily testified that he was there,
and kno w i n£ , him. would have as readily
testified that ihey did not believe him
capable o f committing the crime. It was
!\frs. Wallen who testified at the Ethel
Richardson inquest to having heard what
she believed to be groans from a human
being about 10 o'clock on Sunday night
and to the three fruitlpss searches her hus
band made to ascertain their source.
Almost the entire inquiry was directed
to establishing a connection between
Barnard's shoes and the tracks of the man
who pursued Ethel Richardson, and the
large broken cane of ironwood with a
loaded head found tieside her body. J. N.
Johnson, a Deputy Sheriff, testified to his
visit to Cyrus Barnard's house last even
ing in company with ex-City Marshal
Hopkins. He described their rapping
npou the glass panels of the door, receiv
ing no response ; to seeing Barnard com
ing up the street; to the latter's peculiar
actions when Hopkinß told him that he
wanted him; to his shot at Hopkins and
the latter's return fire, and to Barnard's
sending a shot, which is believed to have
been an accidental discharge of his re
volver as he sank to the floor, shot
through the hpart.
George F. Keisfcr testified to an ac
quaintance with Cyrus Barnard and to
having seen him at dusk on Sunday even
ing going up Figueroa street. He asserted
that he was dressed as he was last night,
when he lay dead in the doorway, in a
short sack coat and brown trousers. This
was at 8:15 o'clock on Sunday evening and
he was going in the direction of his house.
This testimony has some significance,
taken in conjunction with the facts that
the Richardson house is more than four
miles distant; that to have reached it
Barnard would have been obliged to walk
the entire distance and that be must first
have changed his clothing, as the frar
ments he wore have no blood stirins. The
murder is supposed to have taken place
about 10 o'clock and thi§ completely over
turns the theory of attack so far put forth
that the murderer had concealed himself
in the house at dusk on Sunday night be
fore the doors and windows were locked
for the night
Eddy Penfield testified to an acquaint
ance with P»arnard extending over fifteen
years. He examined the broken cane
found beside Ethel Richardson's body,
and declared he was positive that the stick
was the one he had seen at Barnard's
house last Thursday night and bandied,
noting the slug of lead with which it was
loaded, and that it did not quite rench the
level of lhe head of the cane. He had
given an accurate description of the cane
to an olncer before seeing it. He had no
ticed tbe cane standing in Barnard's room,
and asked him what he was doing with it.
Barnard replied that he used it when he
was walking out at night to keep off dogs.
In reply to a question Penfield stated that
he went to see Barnard to plan a trip over
the mountains, having had him for a com
panion on such journeys before. Barnard
seemed very undecided as to his move
ments and intentions, and treated him so
peculiarly that he asked him what the
matter was. Barnard said that he had
been having a little difficulty with some
person, afterward explaining that this
person was Mr. Peterson, his stepfather.
Dr. Hall produced a bul.'et taken from
the head of Mrs. Richardson which ap
peared to be a 38-caliber. The ball was a
conical one.
Mr. Peterson, the stepfather of Barnard,
stated that his residence was on the cor
ner of Garden and Figueroa streets, and
that his or"upation was that of a house
painter. He had spoken with his stepson
Cyrus, at 8:20 o'clock yesterday morning,
when Cyrus was eating his breaßfast. He
asserted that Cyrus had very few clothes.
He believed he bad seen to-day all the
clothes Barnard possessed, with the ex
ception of those he was wearing when he
was killed. He was told that at about 9
o'clock on Monday Barnard went out with
his rifle. He could not remember ever
having seen the broken cane produced,
although he had seen several Cyrus had
made, but he had seen one very much
smaller and made of similar wood. He
had asked Cyrus why he had made it so
small, and Cyrus replied that he did not
want it any larger, but remarked that it
wa? a pity it should have been broken,
pointing to a crack in one side. He had
not been in the house for some four or
five days past until yesterday afternoon,
when he had looKed in at the door. Find
ing the house empty he had left.
Peterson had had some difficulty with
Cyrus because the young man's dogs hal
scratched up the ground. He described
the young man's wardrobe and mentioned
tbat Cyrus possessed a painter's blouse
and overalls. The disappearance of these
constitutes one of the most suspicious cir
cumstances concerning Barnard.
Other witnesses testified that Barnard
possessed a cane similar to tbat with which
Ethel Richardson's skull was crushed.
Sheriff Hicks produced a pair of shoes
taken from Barnard's house and swore
they fitted the tracks of the murderer;
but a Mr. Hoffman, who was on the Rich
ardson premises soon after the discovery
of the murder, testified to the narrow
pointed character of the tracks found fol
lowing the prints of the girl's bare feet.
He examined the shoes and took direct is
sue, as did many observing persons pres
ent, with the theory that the tracks of the
murderer could possibly have been made
by the short, stubby shoes produced, and
which were the only ones found on Bar
nard's premises.
Dr. R. F. Winchester testified that he
bad believed that the stepson, Scott Rich
ardson, had committed the murder, know
ing the strained nature of family relations.
Himself had prooably received the last
communication from Scott, two weeks
after the father's death, asking about tbe
disposition of the property. Since reading
certain telegrams received by Sheriff
Hicks he had become persuaded that Rich
ardson was not in California and could
not, therefore, have been implicated in the
crime.
F. D. Myers, a juror, testified that the
track following the girl could have been
made by the shoes exhibited.
A-vsrdictof death by gunshot wonnds
at tbe bands of an unknown person or
persons was rendered by the jury.
The manner in which the crime was
committed has been a matter of wide
speculation and a contradictory theory,
but a woman puts forth the most plausible
one.
C A NNOT BE FOUND.
Scott Siehardson'a Houb« in Mlnneapo-
Hh It (lotrd.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mink., July 7.—Rich
ardson, believed to be tbe stepson of
the woman murdered at Montecito,
Cal., has been in Minneapolis for
the past two months, as near as can be
ascertained. He lives with bis wife at 700
Sixth avenue north. He could not be
found to-night. Their house was locked
and his wife was with her sister. Mrs.
Richardson had no idea of where he
was to-night.
Richardson is a worthless character and
a heavy drinker. He works as a construc
tion man for a telephone company. He
lived here six years ago ana then went to
California and had been back nearly two
months. Friends say he has appeared
worried about something considerably
lately.
It was said Richardson was at the Court
house in this city 10 o'clock this morn
ing. He met Coroner Kistler there, and
borrowed a dollar from him. It is under
stood that he and his wife have quarreled
much of late, and that the two have prac
tically separated. People living in the
vicinity of his room do not seem to know
when he was there last.
Old» Gets n Jietter Jiert/i.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 7.-George
Olds, who resigned as general traffic man
ager of the Canadian Pacific Railway
Company in January last, has been ap
pointed as the representative of this road
on the board of managers of the Joint
Trallic Association.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
OUTSIDERS WIN
THE NAPA RACES,
Local, a Palo Alto Colt,
Beats Claudius to
the Wire.
IS A GAME YOUNGSTER.
The Speedy Pair Battle for Each
Heat From Start to
Finish.
GALLETTE PROVES A SURPRISE
Hmnboldt Maid, Heavily Played, Fails
to Land a Purse for Her
Owners.
NAPA, Cal., July 7.— Another good
sized crowd attended the races at the
track to-day, though seats in the grand
stand were much more plentiful than on
the opening day. The betting is rather
light, and there appears to be a grand op
portunity for those of a speculative turn
of mind to invest their surplus capital.
Tne sport to-day was splendid, even if the
talent did pet floored in two straight heats.
In the 2:24 trot Gallette, a rank out
sider, defeated a good-sized field, and in
the race for three- year-old trotters in the
2:27 class, Local, a green colt entered by
the Palo Alto stock farm, a son of Wild
nut, from Lady Well, 2:10%, fought out a
hard battle with Claudius, finally proving
a winner after a grand exhibition of game
ness.
A specially arranged affair afforded an
opportunity for Donaline and Topsy L to
obtain records.
Tbe many friends of James Dustin were
pleased to see him up in the sulky behind
Athena when the horses came out for the
2:24 trot, but after scoring a few times tbe
veteran reinsman was compelled to retire
and bis place was taken by Dick Havey.
Dick's handling of the ribbons over Local
demonstrated that his association with tbe
runners has in no way interfered with his
skill in vhe sulky. Much of that colt's vic
tory was due to his driving.
The starters in the 2:24 trot were first
to respond to the judge's bell. On her
impressive victory at lngleside last week
Humboldt Maid was a pronounced choice
in the auction betting, the persistent little
mare bringing $10 in the opening pools
against $£ for the whole field. In the
scoring Grandissimo and Athena both
seemed rant and pave McNair much
trouble. Grandissimo drew the pole, but
at the turn the favorite captured that
position and with Medico at her heels led
to the stretch, where Medico gradually
forged ahead and Durfee's gelding took
tbe heat by a head from Gallette in 2:17';.
Athena would not score up with her field
and was very poor. • She made up a vast
amount of ground, finishing a good fourth.
The favorite made a disastrous break 100
yards from the wire.
Pools now sold: Humboldt Maid, $10-
Gallette, $5; and the field, $5. In the
next heat the first choice and Medico
trotted on nearly equal terms to the
stretch, when Hodges, behind Gallette. let
out a link and the rangy daughter of Jud
Wilkes took the heat easily in 2:16%, with
Humboldt Maid second. Gallette new sold
favorite over the field and the following
two heats were taken by the once short
ender with the greatest ease in 2:191£ and
2:20, with the favorite the contending
horse in each heat.
For tbe 2:27 trot the knowing brigade
wanted nothing but Claudius, the Ven
dome stock farm's representative going at
$10, with the field bringing but $4. Maben
took the pole from the favorite at the first
turn, with Don Roberto, and in a rather
slow-trotted beat the Don beat Local out a
head on the wire in a close and exciting
finish. Time, 2:25]4.
Claudius then reigned favorite at $10
with Local selling for $7 and the field $2.'
Don Roberto went to a break at the first
turn and Claudius gained the position.
He led the way around and into the home
stretch, with Local's head at his wheel.
Havey now called on the brown colt and
he rapidly drew up on equal terms with
the first choice. Head and head they were
fighting v out, when fifty yards from tli ■
wire Claudius found the clip too fast and
broke. Local taking the heat by two
lengths in 2:19^. J
The .Palo Alto youngster now sold favor
ite ever the field at odds of 10 to 6. Bunch
behind Claudius, made a great effort for
the third heat. He sent his gelding along
at a killing pace, with Local's shadow at
his wheel. After passing the half Local
broke, but Havey made a nice pick-up and
when squared away for the stand was,
with Don Roberto, who also came fast,
soon on equal terms with the leader. The
trio approached the wire on nearly equal
terms. When about 120 yards from "the
line the Don stepped on eggshells. Claud
ius and Local now bad it hammer and
tongs, Claudius reaching the tape first by
a head, breaking as he caught tt.e judge's
eye. Havey claimed the bunch carried
him out at the turn into the home stretch,
and the judges placed Local first, thus
giving him two heats. The time for this
heat was 2 : 21 \i-
Claudius was weary and while closing
on Local in tbe back stretch of the last heat
broke, and the Palo Alto youngster again
passed the wire first in 2:221£, with Don
Roberto, who trotted an excellent heat a
good second.
Special match, 2 In 3, fl6 a side.
Tops., L, b. m., by Silver Bowl, by W
W likes (Kodgera) 211
Donaline, b. m.. by A thadln (Clark) 12 2
Time, 2:26y a -2:25-2:28y 2 . "■
Trotting, 2:24 class. 8 in 6, pnrse $700.
Gallette, b. m., by Jud Wllkes' (iale
(Hodges) 6 111
Medico, b. g., by Son of Kcno (Durfeei. 1 3 4 4
Humboldt Maid, b. m., by Waldstein
(Hoirohoom) 3 2 2 2
Leader, blk. g., by Torn Benton (Lurlyj 5 4 3 3
Los Angeles, h. s.. by Woodlark(Mabeh )7 6 6 5
Grandtssimo, b. s., by Legrande(Loeber)6 5 5 6
Athena, b. m., by Electioneer (HavevV 4 dlst
Time, 2:17-2:l6J^-2:19>4-2:20.
Trotting, 2:27 class. 3 in 6, purse $500
Local, br. c, by v Wlldnul-£ady Well "V
"(Uavey) 1:.............. 3 111
Don Roberto, bile, c, by Sidney (Maben).l 3 3 a
Claudius, b.g.. by Nutwood (McDonald). 3 a '& 3
Mabel Klnuey, b. -m., by McKlnney
(Durfee).. ;.V..v...... ..:.;.... .4 444
Derby Lass, blk. f., by Charles Derby
(Cheboya) -. .....;.. 5 5. sds.
Time, 2:asVi-2:19%-2:21-2;22V4. •
SEARCHING IN LADDS CANYON.
Oregon Officers on the Trail of a Stranger
Who Resembles Murderer
Dunham.
PORTLAND, Ob., July 7.— A special
from Union, Or., says: Sheriff Phy, ac
companied by a number of deputies, is
visiting the mountain retreats in the vicin
ity of Ladds Canyon in search of a stranger
who answered the description of James
Dunham, who murdered several people in
California and for whom there is a reward
amounting to $10,000. The man, when
seen, had a couple of horses, a rifle and a
fieldglass, but no regular camping outfit,
and claimed he was prospecting. He de
pended upon sheep camps for food, and
this aroused suspicion and a report was
made to the officers. His description, as
given, was similar to that of Dunham and
the search was consequently begun.
The pututive Dunham has, during the
past week, been seen in various localities
in Union County, where he demanded
ford and shelter from farmers. John
Wentworth. a rancher, believed that he
recognized in the man a convict recently
escaped from the Salem penitentiary, for
whose capture a small reward is offered.
Wentworth gave the stranger lodging, and
during the night he and a hired man at
tempted to tie him band and foot, but the
mysterious man got the better of the two,
shot Wentworth in the leg and then rode
away in the darkness.
DENOUNCED BY BUDD.
The Law Providing for State Maintenance
of Indigents Declared to Be
Outrageous.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 7.— Governor
Budd left this afternoon for Sacramento.
This is his first visit to the capital since
his return from the Yosemite Valley with
a sprained ankle. Before going he was
seen by a Call correspondent, to whom he
expressed himself freely with reference to
the law governing the payment, by the
State to counties of money for the main
tenance of indigents, to re-enact which the
Supervisors of Los Angeles County have
asked the board of this county to assist
them next year. He called attention to
the fact that Governor Markham and the
State Controller, as well as himself, had
recommended tne abolishment of this law.
"Why, it is one of the most outrageous
laws ever enacted," said the Governor.
"It was only an incentive for county of
ficials to misrepresent and endeavor to se
cure more than was due them. In caves
where the actual expense was not more
than $72 for each indigent the full $100
was collected from the State. If you will
take the Controller's report you "will see
that the amount paid out annually for
the indigent poor more than offsets the
taxes paid in by the counties for this pur
pose. The law is an outrageous one. If
the people think they can re-enact it they
will have to elect more than two-thirds of
the next Legislature who are favorable
to it."
It is evident from his remarks that Gov
ernor Budd will veto the law if it is re
enacted by the next Legislature.
When asked whom he intended to ap
point as successor to the late General
Dimond, hesaid that he would give this
matter his attention soon after his arrival
in Sacramento. Neither Brigadier-Gene
ral Muller nor Colonel N. T. James wanted
the position, he said. His attention was
called to the statement made in a San
Francisco paper as to the appointments he
intends to make on the Board of Directors
of the San Bernardino Insane Asylum.
He said that his appointments would be
a surprise to everyoody, and that two
good men from Southern California would
be placed or. the board. Los Angeles will
be represented.
CAMP BUDD INSPECTION
Colonel Currier Pleased With
the Showing Made by the
Guards.
San Francisco Bluecoats Suffer From
the Torrid Rays of a Stockton
Sun.
STOCKTON, Cal, July 7.— This was a
quiet day at Camp tfudd. The most im-
portant occurrence from a military stand
point was the inspection of the camp by
Colonel Currier of the division staff. The
advent of the inspecting officer was cot
expected until later in the week, but not-
withstanding his sudden appearance at
camp the boys were ready for him and the
review was very creditable. The colonel
stated after the inspection that be was
well pleased with the camp and that he
had few criticisms to make, considering
the fact that it had been just established.
The chief occupation ol those who re
mained in camp to-day was keeping cool.
The San Francisco boys are not used to
such temperature as that of to-day, and
they are literally melting under the rays
of the Stockton sun.
To-morrow evening there will be an en
tertainment and battalion reception, at
which a musical, literary and' military
programme will be rendered.
The non-commissioned officers of the
battalion held a meeting this morning
an:l decided to give a dance in the pa
vilion at the grove on Saturday night. It
will be a big affair. Companies A and B's
reception to the battalion will take place
in the Agricultural Pavilion Friday night.
SAN DIEGO ELOPEMENT.
Two Young Lovers, With the Assistance of
a Sea Captain. Outwit a Pater
nal Parent.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 7.— A romantic
tic marriage at sea occui red Sunday, the
facts coming to light to-day. Joaepli Sil
vey, a bright young bookkeeper, and Miss
Ella Ernskamp were the principals, and
the father of the maiden was the bar
rier who forced the lovers to go to sea.
The girl, who is yery pretty, is only 17,
and her father told Silvey to keep away
from her, that she was too young to marry
and that trouble would occur if the young
man was too insistent.
The trouble occurred on the Fourth,
when Silvey was prevented from spending
the holiday with his girl through -the
machinations of the parent. The next
day Silvey sought Captain Paolsen, the
big-hearted skipper of a fast launch, and
hired the boat for a days fishing outside.
Two friends went along besides the girl.
When outside Captain Paulsen got out the
fishing tackle, but SiJvey look out a copy
of the marriage oath and called upon the
skipper to do his duty. Captain Paulsen.
bewitched by the blue eyes of the girl, tied
the knot and added his blessing.
This is the fifth or sixth knot the skip
per has tied and not one has slipped. The
launch was beaded for home, and on the
way Silvey bou ht a lot of fish in order to
carry out the deception he had practiced.
With these the party disembarked, and the
girl by misleading her parents kept the
marriage a secret until to-day. The old
man stormed awhile, but finally gave in
and two more hearts are happy in a cot
tage near the water front.
TRAGEDY AT RECKHORN.
A. Camper .VurdercU by an iniane
>hrrpherdcr.
MITCHELL. Or., July 7.-George Moo
ney, who had been tending a sneep camp
for Hibner & Artman at Buckhorn, Grant
County, disappeared from his work ten
duys ago. bearing that some mishap had
befallen him, the people of the neighbor
hood instituted a search, but failed to find
nim. Nothing was heard of Mooney until
about midnight on Sunday last, when be
appeared at a lent in which Andrew Art
man and Herman Frost were sleeping. He
culled to them, and whsn Artinan stepped
out he shot him.
Frost crawled out under the back end ol
the tent and ran to give the alarm. He
beard two more shots fired after leaving
the tent. On Monday morning Artman
w:is found dead in front of the tent, with
three gunshot wounds in his body and his
head mashed to a pulp. Mooney bad
taken an ax lying near, after Artman bad
fallen to the ground, and crushed Art
man's skull.
It is believed by some who had seen the
murderer during the Dast few weeks that
he was insane. His general appearance
and a statement he bad made to the effect
that be was being hunted and tracked,
and bad been chased from San Francisco,
tend to create that belief.
AGUA CALIENTE'S
CADET CAMPERS.
Fun and Discipline for the
League of the Cross
Regiment.
LIVING LIKE SOLDIERS.
Picket Long Gives a Supposed
Deserter a Keen Sword*
Thrust
FATHER H'DONALD'S PLIGHT.
Loses His Pet Dog, but Finds the
Canine a Prisoner in the
Guard-House.
Camp Montgomery, )
League of the Cross Cadets, >
Aqua Caliente, Cal., Juiy 7. )
It was hot enough here to-day to bake
mud pies in the sun in fifteen minutes,
but there are no small boys here to try it.
The League of the Cross Cadets lay around
in the shade fanning themselves and using
other devices to Keep cool. Had it not
been for a gentle breezes, sometimes al
most too gentle to be detected, the day
would have been insufferably hot. At noon
it was almost too hot to eat. There was
some threat of putting the butter in the
guardhouse to keep it from running away.
Life at the camp is pretty much the
same from day to day. The tricks and di
versions known to cadets in camp serve to
throw a pleasing variety of incidents into
the general routine. The food is good and
the messes have nothing to complain of,
particularly as to quantity. Persons liv
ing in the neighborhood are doing a thriv
ing business selling the cadets fruit, pies
and ice-cream. Four gallons of ice-cream
were sold to the cadets by the dishful to
day in an hour, and the pies did not begin
to go around.
Swimming in the creek is one of the
most popular amusements. The swim
ming hole is about a quarter of a mile
away. When a man gets off guard duty
in the sweltering sun the first thing he
makes a dive for is the creak and to its
shady banks.
The chief officer of the camp is Major
T. Drady. He keeps the boys pretty well
up to the marie. The discipline is good.
For instance, while in mess at noon to
day one of the younger cadecs picked up
a good-sized piece of bread and "fired" it at
a passing photographer in a spirit of fun.
Major Drady saw the action and he or
dered the entire mess to leave the table.
They left, but fortunately had just about
finished their lunch.
The "dining-room" and kitchen are
nicely located under wide-spreading live
oak trees, which shed a grateful shade on
tbe tables. The branches are so broad
that the tables arc in the shade almost
the entire day. The tents are pitched
close to other immense oak trees. The
camp is not only picturesque but com
fortable. It is about three miles from So
noma, which is the nearest telegraph
point, and a short distance from the warm
springs. All the accommodations in the
vicinity of the springs aie taken. There
is not even an extra mattress or blanket.
The day in camp is told by the following
schedule: Keveille 5 a. m., breakfast 6
a. m., sick call 6:30 a. m., company drill
7:30 a. m., inspection of quarters 9a. m.,
camp opens 10 a. m., lunch 12 m., camp
closes 4 p. m., dress parade sp. m., guard
mount 5:30 p. m., dinner G p. m., tattoo 10
p. m., taps 10:30 P. M.
'lhe cadets are on guard duty twenty
four hours alternately — two hours on end
two hours off. Having served for twenty
four hours they are not liable for duty in
the next twenty-four. Between the time
that camp opens and closes they are per
mitted to go where and when they please.
When tans are sounded all lights go out
on the instant. When camp was first
pitched there was a disposition to pro
crastinate a little, but since there were sev
eral narrow escapes from remaining in the
guardhouse all night on a bed of thin
straw with a cadet at the entrance with a
drawn saber lights have gone out on the
tap. If there is a particularly good con
cert going on taps may be delayed a little,
but they are seldom sounded later than 11
o'clock.*
The hospital tent is located off on one
side of the officers' quarters. It is very
comfortable, but so far has had only one
occupant. A large white flag with a mi
cross on it hangs over the entrance.
The sabers are stacked in long rows in
front of the tents. They glitter in the sun
and look quite warlike.
Two humorous incidents worth noting
have occurred, one more painful than
humorous. When the cadet is on guard
duty at night he is very anxious to cap
ture somebody, call the officer of the
guard and raise a commotion. If any
body tries to sneak in or out of the lines,
with or without a pass or the countersign,
this is certain to happen. It happened
last night with unexpected results.
Rev. James A. McDonald is here on
chaplain duty. Father McDonald is con
siderable of a sportsman in a quiet way.
When he came up here to look after the
spiritual welfare of the boys in camp and
sing military mass, he brought his pointer
dog Belle and his hammerless shotgun
along. There are rabbits and pigeons in
the valley and on the hills, and the offi
cers' mess has already profited by Father
McDonald's rjarfcmanship. This morning
when reveille echoed against the hills and
awoke the camp and priest. Father Mc-
Donald found his dog missing. He al
ways ties her tightly to a tent stake at
night. He was nonplused at first. He
did not know whether to cross-examine
the cook or to inspect the guardhouse
first. Finally, somebody gave him a
pointer that the trail led to the guard
house, and there he found Belle, cheerful
but tightly bound to a stake. The com
mon penalty at Camp Montgomery for
getting into the guardhouse — which, by
the way, is a tent and not a house at all —
is to do police duty— that is, clean up the
camp, do the drudgery. As the dog could
neither do police duty nor be court
martialed, she was released, while the
cadets stood around and cheered her exit.
Wiilie Long of Company A has had a
narrow escape from court-martial, and Al
Mattison, one of the cooks, from death or
a sightless eye. Mattison found himself
injured internally yesterday and went into
the hospital under Dr. Mulligan's care last
night. Willie Long was on guard duty at
midnight near the hospital tent. It was
very, very dark and Wilfie was loneiy. He
was also very vigilant. Nobody accuses
him of being frightened, for didn't he have
a big saber in his strong right arm? Sud
denly Willie heard a noise close to him.
It was so dark that he could hardly seethe
tents, but Willie began to hunt for the
source of that noise. He first thought the
noise came from behind a stone fence by
the road and he rushed over there, but
could see nothing. He thought one of tbe
cadets was trying to slip in or out through
his post. He ran over to the hospital tent.
Willie spied Mattison asleep, lying with
his pale face outside the tent. Tbe sen
HEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
I WEINBORGH'S }
' Mb^i^K^K bScvS |3Hsl IftSi j^^^^ Tsl ckjfc TaSf TB^^ »Si^Bttß HS^HSinEa tw
I ' ivvti tn^j kskbjk HbSß^h iffli ' ■ CSS ' Hra E^SB ' EPS ; E99 E^Sl 888 Eh^b s
STOCK!
\ 57&0n the $1.00 [
if OF WHOLESALE COST! !
< tt I
Iff 10c BANKRUPT DIMITIES 80 40c BANKRUPT BLACK FIG- I
] __ URED MOHAIRS ......;... 250 f
iU 10c BANKRUPT CREPES 5c sOc BAXKRrPT~~BLACK FIG- 1
II '— : URED MOHAIRS 29c S
I 25c BANKRUPT ORGANDIES 5c 60c BANKRUPT^LACK FIG- [
, -" URED DRESS GOODS.. 35c , i
Urn 10c BANKRUPT FLANNELETTES 5c •
l" '• . '..:■ | 50c BANKRUPT COLORED DRESS - ' f
j 10c BANKRUPT EMBROIDERIES 5c GOODS ••••■•• 250 I
S 9 : . 51 BANKRUPT BLACK BROCADE J
]]. 35C BANKRUPT HANDKERCH'FS 15c SILKS •'• 49c J
J ,-.^» ; ..-r— - 25c SANITARY HOSE SUPPORT- I
5- 33}^c BANKRUPT Black HOSIERY 15c . ER5....... 5o -. •
*5 BANKRUPT TAN~CAPES . . . . . «1.95 20c BONE GLOVEJTRETCHERS. 5e [
if. «10 BANKRUPT" APES AND 20 C BOTTLE FLORIDA WATER.. . 12^e }
JACKETS ...55.00 20c PACKAGE FLEA POWDER... 100 I
j .$6 LADIES' TAN JACKETS 82.95 15c NICKEL SHOE-BUTTONER. . . 5c 1 I
15c BANKRUPT D1M1T1E5........ 10c 75c COLORED SILK SURAHS 35c I
ill $1 50 BANKRUPT LADIES' SHIRT / 75c SOLID SILVER SHIRT WAIST ||
II WA15T5:..... .....;...... 90c| 5ET5............. 25c lit
.$5 BANKRUPT DUCK SUITS 53.50 ! 50c WHITE KID 8ELT5........... 25c 1
as $15 BANKRUPT TAILOR-MADE 50c LACES. ODDS AND ENDS ..... lOc IBS
■J\ CLOTH 5U1T5..........;. 97.50 1 f
,i 50C BLACK and SERGES 25c 250 DW » TR1MM1NG5........... 10 ° j !
"'I 25C LADIES' CApTc7)LLARS..... IQc | 35« SOUTACHE BRAIDS, 24 yds.. 15c U
•t H 15C LADIES' COLLlii OR CUFFS ; 5c |™* *™ SILK PASSEMENTERIES 10c [
Iff : $175 MISSES' UnTo¥sUITS 50 1 5c Double-fold SCOTCH PLAIDS. . 5c «f
U $150 LADIES' iwTsS RIBBED , quality STRIPED_SILKS 35c I
J*[ VESTS .....75c SOC LADIES' STRAW HATS 15c '*•
$1 LADIES' WHITE SKIRTS 50c *1 Ladies' SCARLET UNDERWEAR 48c I
Hi $125 CHILDREN'S DRESSES...... 39c 50c LADIES' VESTS lor 25c Hi
It . ' •••••■■■•■., tt
11 The Goods Will Be On Sale at 10 A.M., ' f
| i Not Before. < |
4* o^fcHwxe?^
tinel was deceived. He thought the man
trying to escape him was playing 'possum.
He exclaimed, "Now I've got you." and
suiting the action to the word he jabbed
the saber into the prostrate face.
The point struck Mattison on the frontal
bone just above hisrignteye. Had it gone
half an inch lower it would have put out |
his eve and probably penetrated his skull. |
Willie Long did not mean to Uo it. He i
was in perfect good humor until Mattison
awoke and jumped up with a yell.
Then the guard came running and the
doctor jumped out of bed, and there was
great commotion. Dr. Mulligan dressed
the wound, pronounced it not dangerous
and Mattison is not cooking to-day.
This mornine The Call correspondent
found Willie Long sitting alone at the j
guardhonse beating a snare drum for com
pany. He smiled, and then said:
"It was an accident. I did not mean to
hurt him. I'm glad it was no worse."
"What are they going to do with you?"
was asked.
"I don't know," hesaid. "1 don't much
care. Why should they do anything to
me? It was accidental."
A court of inquiry was set for this even
ing to investigate the accidental stabbing
of Mattison. In the afternoon Willie
Long had the freedom of the camp.
It was decided this evening to postpone
the court-martial until to-morrow morn
ing at 10 o'clock. Long is a little uneasy,
but he has triends. Others have "joshed"
him to-day about his inability to kill a
man with a saber. This court-martial
will assume a National character and
interest for the reason that Benjamin
McKinley, a first cousin of Wiiliam Mc-
Kinley of Canton, Ohio, Republican nom
inee for President, will take a prominent
part in it. Young McKinley is a lawyer
and he has recently hung out his sign in
San Francisco. He is a corporal in Com
pany A, League of the Cross Cadets. The
cadets have been inclined to joke him in
camp some by asking him about his
political prospects, whether he expects to
be Minister to the Court of St. James, or
Africa, or Samoa. An effort is being
made by Willie Long's friends to get him
to defend the private, but McKinley has
not yet given a definite answer.
It is expected that Rev. Father James A.
McDoualu will be judge advocate-general.
Dr. A. P. Mulligan, the camp physician,
who ranks as major, Captains Drady and
Haggerty. First Lieutenants Hooper and
Skelly, Second Lieutenants Drady and
Power and enough others will be sworn in
to make it a full-fledged court-martial of
thirteen.
Private Long takes the matter very seri
ously. He feared to-night that he might
be drummed out of camp, and expressed a
preference to desert and go home. The
court of inquiry will be a very formal, sol
emn and dignified proceeding, but nobody
fears that Willie Long is going to hang to
morrow when the flag comes down with
the sun or any other time.
To-night all the country for several
miles around is here participating either
on the floor or as spectators in a dance on
a platform which the cadets have been
two days in building. The health of all
in camp is good ; in fact the cooks com
plain that the health of the young saber
bearers is too good. The drills are few
and not arduous.
CANYON CITY ROMANCE.
Charley Nut, Once of China, in Jail for
-„ Eloping With a Paleface
Belle.
CANYON CITY, Ob., July 7.-Charley
Nut, a Chinaman who loved a "Melican
gal," is now occupying a lonely cell in the
County Jail, forsaken and deserted by his
countrymen because he loved not wisely
but so intensely that he disregarded his
early religious teachings, cut off his
qjaeue and quit shaving his head. Mr.
Nut is the same twig of Celestial royalty
that endeavored to procure a license in
this county last spring to wed the daugh
ter of Phelix Claude. Failing in this he a
few days ago implored his adored one to
rly with him, and she flew. » .■ :
Their dream of bliss was interrupted by
the interference of the strong arm of Jus
tice and the loving pair were separated by
iron bars. Mr. Nut is charged with a
felony.
On Thursday night a lynching party
was formed to hang the lovesick China
man, but before active steps in that direc
tion were taken wiser ; counsel prevailed
and the law will be allowed to take a shy
at Charley.
♦ r.
Fire at San Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., July 7.— The resi
dence of Attorney William C. Barber of
Ross Valley was burned this morning.
The fire was caused by a defective flue.
The furniture on the ground floor was
saved, as was all the silverware, clothing
and bedding. Mr. Barber's fine library
was rescued with great difficulty. The
loss, which is believed to be entirely cov
ered by insurance, is between $6000 and
$7000.
V ? /- AMD
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St, San Francisco.
rpHE- LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
! A west of Chicago. BooKkeeping, penmanship,
! business practice, shorthand ; (Pitman, Graham,
I Eclectic), typewriting, telegraphy, modern lan-
i guages, .English branches' and . everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught. . .
Department of Electrical Engineering in success-
ful operation. • -■-■ - .
■ Individual Instruction, 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. Students can . com-
mence at any time. Thousands of graduates in
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
ESTABLISHED 1858. 528 ELEVENTH ST.,
-liJ cor. Clay. Mrs. M. K. Blake, Principal; T. I).
Adams, A.M.. master; Mary E. Allen. A.8.. pre-
ceptress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
day pupils. - Includes from kindergarten to uni-
versity work. None but teachers of .large culture
and experience. * Special attention to Art, Music,
Oratorical Work, - Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATOBY SCHOOL FOB THE TJNI-
X versity, Law and Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. -.Many students have been
successfully prepared at this school. . Day . and
evening sessions. .References, President . Jordan
or any Stanford professor, Pbelan building, Nos.
333-335. PROF. L. H. . ORAL", Principal, late of
Stanford University.
TRISITY SCHOOL (FOUNDED 1876).
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
lJ and young men. . Prepares for university and
colleee. Boarders limited to 35. "Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term opens
Monday, August 3. - liUHlflMiwnniii»niii»ri'nT
REV. PR. E.B.SPALDINO. Rector.
I RVINQ INSTITUTE. :
IDOARDINO AND PAY SCHOOL FOR YOUNG
J) ladles. Primary and Kindergarten for Children.
A Carriage will call. Next : session will begin on
Monday. August 3. .'Address •■•■*,: - ■ . : .'. -; .
, RKV. E. B CHURCH, A.M., 1036 Valencia st.
MISS HAMJLIN'S SCHOOL AND VAN NESS
Seminary, a -boarding and day school for
girls under the direction of MISS SARAH D
HAMLIN and MRS. EDNA SMELL POULSON
Fall term opens Wed., Aug. 6. All departments,"
kindergarten to college preparatory. Call or writs
lor particulars, 1849 Jackson sb, San Francisco.
910
THEIR CHARITY
HAS BEEN BROAD
Eighth Grand Council of
the Young Ladies'
Institute.
IMPORTANT MEASURES.
Day Consumed in Reading the
Minutes of the Board of
Directors.
GBAND PRESIDENT VERY ILL.
A Ronsing Reception to Be Given
the Delegates To-Morrow
Evening.
The eighth grand council of the Yotmg
Ladies' Institute was opened yesterday
morning with a mass at St. Mary's Cathe
dral, the very Rev. Father Prendergast,
vicar-general of the archdiocese, officiat
ing.
At 10:30 o'clock the delegates met at Y.
M. I. Hall, corner Market and Tenth
streets. As Mrs. I. Wynne, the grand
president, is lyine very ill at her home in
Vallejo, the grand first vice-president,
Miss S. A. Grote. presided.
Orher officers were appointed as follows:
Grand first vice-president, Mary Donovan of
No. 2; grand second vice-president, M. Bar
rett of No. 38: grand inskte sentinel. M.
Nichols of No. 27; grand outside setinel, N.
Name ol No. 42.
The remaining grand officers and board
of grand directors are:
Past Grand President Mrs. D. F. Ragan, Past
Grand President Miss E. M. Comyns, Grand
President Mrs. I. Wynne, Grand First Vice-
President S. A. Grote, Grand Treasurer W.
Flemming, Grand Secretary J. F. Malloy, Grand
Directors A. M. Patthoff, M. A. Nagle, M. E.
Grote, M. Flytin, M. Callaghan, M. Sullivan,
M. McMnnu-s'N. Winters, L. Terry, Mrs. Rich
ardson, Belle G. Boyle.
The delegates and alternates to the
Grand Council are:
No. I— Delegates, K. Conklin, Mrs. Sweeney,
K. FitzpatriCK. M. Detran; alternates, May
Monahan. G. Carroll, M. Ryan, Mrs.W. Deegan.
No. 2— Delegates, K. Desmond, M. Donovan;
alternates, Mrs. Caufield, A. Powers. No. 3—
Mary Leahy, Auna Daily. No. 4— Mary Galla
pher, Mrs. J. Cain. No. s—Grass5 — Grass Valley, Nellie
Nevin, Lizzie Rod^or-. No. 7— Mrs.W. Greany,
M. Stein. No. 13— Vallejo, Mary Walsh, Mary
Brough. No. 15— Oakland, M. Keneally,
K. McKiernan. No. 16— Annie Travers,
Kittle Greany. No. 17— Sacramento, Mrs.
.1. \V. Wiilem, Maggie Hallinan. No. 20—
Mrs. M. Kennedy, Mrs. Lena O'Donneil. No.
'-I— tureka, Magpie Nichols, Magpie Fitz
gerald. No. '24— Oakland, Mrs. K. V. Doyle,
Mamie Harrington. No. 25 — WatsonviTe. Idn
-■icAdam, Mary Horgan. No. 26 — Napa, Kittle
Cailinan, Mrs. J. Donnelly. No. 27— Antioch.
Mrs. F. Will-. Kate Wagner. No. 30— Carson,
Mrs. Madge Raycroft, Macie Farrell. No. 31—
Virginia City, Josie Tracy, Lena Phelan. No.
:i-->an Jose, Eliza Higgins, Mrs. M. A. Ward.
No. 33— Victor. a, Mrs. C. J. Wilkes, Minnie E.
Dwyer. No. 33— Portland, May Barrett, Kate
Maloney. No. 41— Vancouver. Lizzie Thomas,
Kate Donnelly. No. 42— Butte. Mont., Mamie
Nagle. Mollie Holland. No. 44 — Livermore,
Mary Concannon, Grace McK^eney.
The standing committees are as follows:
Finance— Ella M. Comyns. Anna M. Potthoff,
Kate Conblin.
Appeals— Fannie Elster, Mrs. McLang, Mary
Brown.
Supplies— Bell Boyle, M. E. Grote, Josephine
Malloy.
Printing— Mrs. D. F. Ragan, Helen Winters,
Lizzie Terry.
Each of these standing committees will
render reports covering tne past two years.
In addition the grand treasurer and grand
secretary will render tneir reports for the
same period.
The Misses Helen K. Winters. L. Terry
and E7 Higgins were appointed a press
committee. It was thought ti at much of
this would be gone through with yester
day, but the council was kept so busy with
preparatory business that it was found im
possible to do so.
It is now two years since a meeting of
the Grand Council and much work has ac
cumulated. A number of important
amendments to the constitution and by
laws are propose! and several resolutions
of vital interest will come up for consider
ation.
At present the oHer is in a most flour
ishing condition. A great deal of chari
table work has been performed during the
past year, especially in the way of reliev
ing the sick and afflicted and providing
positions for members out of employment
Th> treasury at present contains $14 000
yet more than $4000 has been distributed
among the sicfe members, and over $1200
has been paid out of the death benehciarv
fund.
For each evening and each day after the
business before the council has been trans
acted there will be some form of literary
entertainment.
Wednesday evening Council No. 1 will
entertain the delegates and officers at K.
R. B. Hall, corner of Mason and O'Farreli
streets. Thursday evening a grand enter
tainment and reception are in order at
Metropolitan Temple. Speeches will be
delivered by prominent citizens, and an
excellent programme of vocal and instru
mental music has been prepared.
Friday evening a grand reception will
be given at N:.tive Sons' Hall. In charge
are the following committees:
Thursday evening— S. A. Grote, J. T. Molloy,
8.-Boyle, K. Kennedy, Mrs. Greauy, M. Kyne,
M. Callaghan.
Friday evening— M. E. Grote, A. Nyhan A
Dwrer, J. T. Molloy. A. Daly, B. Boyle, Mrs'
Gn?.*ny, Mr«. O'Donnell.
Most of the afternoon session was taken
up in reading the minutes of the monthly
meetings of tbe board of directors for the
past two years.
F. Conklin, Mrs. D. F. Ragan and Mr*.
>agle were appointed a committee to draft
resolutions of sympathy for Mrs. Wynne
in her illness.
The following committee on credentials
was appointed by the grand president:
Miss M. Barrett, Mrs. J. P. Sweeney and
A. M. Pothoff. They passed upon the cre
dentials and tbe delegates were seated.
Miss Harriet Sc:dmore, an honorary
member, was introduced and made a lew
remarks to her colleague-;.
The session ended with singing, and an
adjournment was taken till to-day.
MUSICIANS' GRIEVANCES,
There W»s No Money for the Park The
ater Orchestra.
At the meeting of the Musicians' Union
several matters of interest were discussed.
The principal was the closing of the Park
Theater on Grove street. The report was
made that the manager, A. F. Johns, owes
the orchestra $146. When the musicians
went for their pay. which amounted to
$146. Johns gave them a few dollars and a
check on the Columbian Banking Com
pany for $105.
The check was presented at the bank,
but it was dishonored, something beinß
faid about Johns having either overdrawn
his account or there not being sufficient
money to his credit to pay the full amount
of the check.
The union decided that none of its mem
bers should play at the theater, should ie
be reopened, unless the full amount of
the indebtedness is paid.
The matter of the Russian band at the
chutes was not acted upon, and the com
plaint against the Letter-carriers' band
playing in opposition to professional mu
sicians was left in the hands of the com
mittee to whom it was referred.
THE HOWARD CLUB.
Presented With a Beautiful Flag by
Fred Eggerg.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Howard Club was held last evening at
Pythian Castle Hall, C. E. Newman pre
siding. Fred Eggers, one of the enthusi
astic workers of the organization, pre
sented tne club with a beautiful flag in
commemoration of the day, being the
fiftieth anniversary of the hoisting of the
American flag in this State. The presi
dent, on behalf of the club, thanked Mr.
Eggers and made an appropriate address
in honor of the occasion.
C. W. Colby, who is the master of the
drill corp of the club, reported that
the corp is making tine progress and
is one of the best in the State. F. W.
Davis then delivered a masterly ad
dress on tbe principles of protection, and
predicted success for tbe Republican party
throughout the United States, and par
ticularly in tbe State of California. Short
speeches were made by I. Kincaid. John
F. Graham, E. F. Lutchen and others.
The Lincoln Republican Cnib visited the
Howard Club with about fifty members.
Henry S. Martin, president of this cinb,
delivered an appropriate address.
WAS BUT ONE TICKET.
Result of the Klection In the Society
of California Pioneers.
The annual election of officers of tbe
Society of California Pioneers was held
yesterday. There was but one ticket in
the field and the following officers were
elected :
President, Elliott M. Root; vice-presi
dents, Niles Searls, J. V. Davis, C. T.
Rowland, T. L. Baker and Howard
Havens; treasurer, John D. Tallant; mar
shal, John F. Pinkham; directors, H. K.
Tilden, J. N. Jewott, H. B. Russ, E. T.
Kruse, Wakefield Baker, Charles M. Plum,
A. R. Colton, Leou Schloss ana Charles J.
King.
Miss Hobart Entering the Church— The Bride as She Alighted From Her Carriage at the Pretty Little
San Mateo Church.
[From a photograph taken on the spot by a "Call" staff artist.]
A SKIN GAME OF POKER,
W. Cauley, Salcon-Keeper, Says
He Was Cheated Out of
His Money.
M. Kinney, the Complaining Witness
Against Him, Had Part of the
Deck on His Knee.
William Cauley, saloon-keeper, Polk and
McAllister streets, was arrested yesterday
afternoon on a warrant charging him with
robbery and was released on $1000 bonds.
According to M. Kinney, 995 Market
street, the complaining witness, as told on
Monday when swearing out the warrant,
he and Cauley and another man were
playing poker Sunday niuht in a rear room
in Cauley's saloon. They played for
about three hours and Cauley got cleaned
out. Cauley left the room and returned in
a minute or so with a revolver in his hand.
He thrust the muzzle of the revolver
against Kin ney's nose, picked up $23 that
was on tbe table in front of Kinney and
ordered him out of the saloon.
Cauiey has a different story to tell. "This
man Kinney," he said, "put up a skin
game on me. Al Sanford, who has been
frequenting my saloon occasionally, came
in Sunday night, aud Kinney came in
shortly after.
"They suggested a game of poker, and
four of us sat down, Kinney, Sanford, my
self and another man whose name I don't
know. We Dlayed for some time and the
strange man left Then the three of us
played a game of fieeze out, and I soon
lost all the spare money I had, about
|16 50. I told them I wouldn't play any
longer, and left the room.
"I came back in a minute or two and
happened to walk round to where Kinney
was seated. To my surprise I saw that he
had part of the deck of cards on his knee,
whicn was pressed against the bottom of
the table. Tuen I saw that I had been
swindled.
"I told Kinney that he was a thief and
cheat and ordered him out of the saloon.
As I had been tricked out of my money I
took it back, and that is all there was to it.
I deny that I used a gun, but if I bad not
eot my money bacr I was so mad at being
cheated that I might have used one. San
ford told me he had nothing to do with the
cheating, and he can, if he tells the truth,
bear out my statement, and so can another
man named Moffatt.
"I have been twenty-five years in the
saloon business in this City and this is the
lir-t time an arrest has been made on my
premises."
THE SHERIFF'S SALE OF DRY GOODS
Brings and Holds the Crowds.
Anything to last must be genuine. Tbe
sale of the stock of James M. Moran & Co.,
1009-1015 Market street, between Sixth and
Seventh, continues to bold the attention of the
dry-goods buying public, ana if one can judge
1.-om the eager and active purchasers that
crowd the store from 9 a. m. to ti p. m. there
must tx; great inducements offtrou. Forty
eight-inch heavy all-wool dress serge was nell
ine rapidly yesterday at 25c the yard, and the
famous $2 50 P. D. corset at 50c.
Tbe 45c on tha dollar hale. •
The Mechanics' Institute.
The regular semi-monthly meeting of the
board of trustees of the Mechanics' Inntitute,
which was to have been held last night, was
{.oMponed until to-night, in consequence of
yesterday being a legal holiday.
The village of Vienholz, near Brienz, in
the Bernese Ol>erland, Las been partly de
stroyed by subsidence and landslips,
caused by natural springs. The inhabi
tants have been compelled to desert the
place entirely.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
AND SO THEY
WERE MARRIED,
Nuptials of Miss Ella Ho
bart and Charles A.
Baldwin.
WHITE DECORATIONS.
Waiting for the Prie-Dieu De
lays the Ceremony Fif
teen Minutes.
A SAN MATEO CANVAS TOWN.
Dick Tobin Performs Invaluable Ser-
v ces in His Capacity of
Eest Man.
Yesterday shortly after noon, at St.
Matthew's Church at San Mateo, Miss
Ella Virginia Hobart plighted her troth
to Charles A. Baldwin "until death do
them part."
If there is any virtue in the old adage,
"Happy is the bride the sun shines on,"
then there is a particularly ausp ; cions
future awaiting Mrs. Charles A. Baldwin.
The day was perfect. The sun shone
ont bright and warm and there was not
even a vagrant little breeze to stir the old
ivy that clings to the stone walls of the
picturesque little church.
St. Matthew's seems specially designed
for such a celebration as the wedding of
yesterday. A smalt stone edifice, moss
grown and quaint, situated in the midst
of a grove, it is an ideal place for tbe ex
change of vows of love and fidelity.
Captivated by the rustic c arm and sim
plicity that marked the nuptials of her
brother, Walter Hobart. and Miss Wil
liams, the bride of yesterday decided to
have the ceremony which united her to
the man of her choice equally unostenta
tious. But the exquisite decorations of the
church— white lilies and pale sweetroses
—the elenant turnouts with their correct
liveried grooms, and the music made it a
much more elaborate affair. Then there
was the rabble, the curious. San Rafael
manifested no interest in the nuptials of
its fairest daughter and the wealthiest
young man in the State. No women
sought to pass the eye of watchful guard
I and steal a phmpse at the bride of the
i millionaire, and not even one little street
arab climbed the hedge to feast his eyes
on the beauty within.
But if San Rafael was not curious San
Mateo was. Its women stood for hours in
I the warm, dusty roads that led to the
church wailing the arrival of the bridal
party. They crowded ihe entrance to the
sacred edifice. Some of them got under
the very heels of the spirited animals that
were harnessed to tne handsome turnouts
that blocked the east avenue. They
crowded in one entrance of the church and
were expelled by another, and repeated the
performance to meet again with the same
rebuff.
At the Hobart ranch, with its huge tent
on the lawn, its vast expanse of canvas
raised high as a hedge to shut out the gaze
of the i-assersby, the übiquitous small-boy,
doubtless impelled thereby by this similar
ity to the circus, burrowed 'neatti the
picket and searcned most successfully for
crevices to feast his eyes on the merry
making within.
The greater part of the guests at the
wedding came from San Mateo and Bur
lingame. They came in hansom carts,
broughams and drags, forming an inspir
ing array as they lined up. The special
train that left the City at 11:15 brought
a handful of wedding guests.
Dick Tobin, Baldwin's best man, went
down by the 10:40. He was all spick and
span for the wedding— all but his boots.
These he changed at the local hotel for a
pair of patent pumps with white duck
sr-ats. Ned Greenway went down by the
8:15 and broughx his trunk with him. He
made his toilet at the yillaire hotel.
Long before the appointed honr the Bur
lingame guests assembled at tbe church.
Mr. Baldwin, accompanied by his best
man, Mr. Tobin, arrived early. Then
came the bridesmaids, Miss Mary Eyre
Miss Juliette Williams. Miss Florence
Mills and Miss Jessie Hobart. They drove
to the church in Mr. Hobart's famous
coach. On top was seated a small array
of maids to lend the last finishing touches
to the toilet of the bridesmaids.
Shortly after and promptly on time
came the bride, riding in her own
brougham and accompanied by her
brother. Word was passed to the expec
tant groom that his bride had arrived, and
he waited with breathless impatience,
pale but brave, for his entrance cue, the
strains of Mendelssohn's wedding march.
But the cue did not materialize. Ail the
anxious groom heard was the hum of
voices within the church and the noisy
>-uzz without. He pulled out .is watch,
and the coid perspiration dampened his
brow. It was here* that the genius of his
best man, Mr. Tobin, asserted itself. He
mopped his brow. He fanned him. The
impatient groom unbuttoned his coat.
The patient best man rebutloned it. He
shrugged his shoulders. Tobin smoothed
his shirt sleeves within the tight-fitting
frock coat. Then Pat, Miss Hobart's
butler, arrived, bearing an immense par
cel. From the green swinging doors
of the church peered Walter Hobart. pale
and anxious. He stretched forth a will
ing, neatly gloved iiand and seized tbe
package eagerly. A minute later and the
strains of the wedding march gladiy re
echoed through the church.
A trifling necessity had caused the de
lay. In the press of other matters a prie
dieu on which the young couple were to
kneel while Bishop Nichols pronounced
the benediction had been compieteiy over
looked. At tbe last moment a telegram
was -ent to town. And the tardy arrival
of two -white satin cushions delayed the
ceremony fifteen minutes.
To the strains of the wedding march the
bridal party marched up the center aisle.
First came the ushers— Count Dv Pare,
Consul Artsimovich, John Lawson and
W. A. McCreery. Then followed the
bridesmaids— Miss Jessie Hobart. Miss
Florence Mi:ls. Miss Juliette Williams and
Miss Mary Eyre. The bride entered es
corted by her brother, Walter S. Hobart.
The groom and his best man met the
bridal party at the altar. The ceremony
was per orrned by Bishop Nichols, as
sisted by Rev. de Wolf Cowie, rector of
St. Matthews.
The bride's dress was of white duchess
satin, ornamented with fine Valenciennes
luce. The lone tuile veil was fastened to
the coiffure with orange blossoms, and
long wuite gloves and slippers and a
bouquet of lilies of the valley completed
the costume.
The bridesmaids wore dainty toiJets of
white mousseline de sole over white silk
with hats of white chiffon and bouquets of
bride's roses.
After the ceremony the guests were
whirled away to the Hobart ranch. On
the green sward, standing under a gigan
tic eJm, the happy young couple stood
while they received the congratulations of
their friends.
An immense tent was pitched upon the
lawn, and with the aid of palms and
prcenery converted into avast, cool bower.
Here the tables were spread for the elab
orat" bridal breakfast. In the center of
tbe tent was the large round table— the
bride's table. It was" all decorated with
lilies of the valley and delicate sprays of
maidenhair fern. Seated at tbe table be
sides the bride and groom there were: Mr.
and Mrs. Walter Scott Hobart Mr. and
Mrs. Perry Eyre, Miss Eyre, Miss Wil
liams, Miss Hobart, Miss Mills, Miss
Casserly, Miss Hoffman, Count dv Pare,
V. de Artsimovich, John Lawson, Rich
ard Tobin, Dr. Teris, W. A. McCreerv and
Wilberforce Williams.
The other guests were seated congenially
at tete-a-tete tables. The absence of Mr.
and Mrs. Wintlirop E. Lester and Miss
Head, owing to sickness, was commented
upon and regretted.
Miss Hobart uave each of her brides
maids a breastpin composed of the letters
"H" and "B" in diamonds. Mr. Baldwin
presented his best man and each of the
ushers with a pin containing a turquoise
set with diamonds.
No one knows whither Mr. and Mrs.
Baldwin have arranged to take a wedding
journey. They are keeping their future
destination a secret and have not divulged
their plans to their most intimate friends.
The eeneral supposition is thai they will
go directly to Mr. Baiil win's country villa
at Mountain View. Later on there is talk
of an extended European trip.
The presents, as was expected, were ele
gant, varied and costly. They were dis
played in the library at the villa and were
greatly admired.
THE PCENIX CLUB.
It Enjoys Enthusiasm, Songs and
Speeches.
The Phoenix Club made Scottish Hall a
scene of Republican entuusiasm last night
at its crowded meeting, over which Chair
man Wiliiam Powers presided and the
proceedings of which Secretary Andrew
Branch recorded.
Entertainment of the lighter sort was
provided by Bertie Brigfatling and La
Petite Rose, each of whom sang with
banjo accompaniment, to the delight of
the audience. Miss Rose was especially
pleasing. Professor Newman gave piano
selections.
Dawson Meyer, C. W. Kyle and Ernest
Wakeman were among the eloquent
speakers of the evening. A song of great
merit, "The Workman's Jubilee," by C.
W. Kyle, was sung to the tune, "March
ing Through Georgia," and it gives prom
is? of becoming a popular campaign bal
lad.
— «■ — • — ■»
Drank \eld by Mistake.
Mrs. Kate Baldwin, Broad avenue, Ocean
View, swallowed two ounces of carbolic acid
Monday morning by mistake and in less than
thirty minutes died. . The deceased left her
home about 10 o'clock to assist in dressing
certain wounds received by one Michael Bor
deu, living on the corner of Sycamore and Cap
itol streets. The injured man was not in his
room, • however, and .Mrs;" Baldwin 1 began an
inspection of the premises. In a closet she
found a six-ounce bottle, the contents of which,
closely .-esembled whisky. Without a second's
ihouttht the woman put the bottle to her
mouth, drinking about two ounces. It re
quired but a few seconds for the fluid to get in
its deadly work, and when the neighbors, at
tracted by the piercing i screams, arrived they
found Mrs. Baldwin in a dying condition. Be
fore a physician could be summoned the
woman : aied. The body was removed to the
Morgue."«BJßSgs MHBNviHHHRI
Sir John Bridge, who is '- investigating
Dr. Jameson's case, lias," judicially; made a
valuable ; suggestion to bicycle-makers.
"Human 1 ingenuity is very great, and I
cannot help thinking it would be an excel
lent thing if some one would* invent a
bicycle that could •! not under any circum
stances be ridden at more than eight miles
an' hour, and that no one should 1 be al
lowed to ride any other. " 9
• ♦ •
London's Common Council, in alarm at
the increase of nude pictures at the Acad
em y, proposes to license all artists' models
and only; allow' them -to sit under condi
tions laid down by the Council.
Sullivan & Sullivan.
Ex-Judge J. F. Sullivan and Matt I. Sullivan
have removed their law offices to Parrott b'ld'g
825-855 Market at. Entrance rm. 610, 6th floor*
BEFRIENDING THE
ASHLEY SISTERS,
The State Woman's Fed
eration for Public Good
Interested.
CLOTHING FOR THE BABY
A Testimonial From Lillian
Ashley's Old Congregational
Pastor.
APPEAL MADE TO E. J. BALDWIN
Efforts on the Part of Several Ver
mont People to Procure Bonds
for Emma.
The sad story of the Ashley sisters, of
their poverty and despair, especially that
of Emma, who made a frenzied attemDt
to shoot E. J. Baldwin in the courtroom a
week ago, has awakened the interest of a
number of charitable ladies in the City,
and efforts are being made to relieve them
of their distress.
"Without going into the merits or de
merits of the suit," said a prominent mem
ber of the "Woman's State Federation for
Public Good yesterday, "tne case of these
unfortunate people appeals to the sympa
thies of their sex. One is a young mother,
the second is an innocent girl and the
third is a helpless little child— three crea
tures that woman must regard and religion
comfort. They are objects for the minis
tration of taith and charity."
Mrs. M. J. Woodman, a member of the
federation, and also of the Third Congre
gational Church of this City, has visited
the sisters, Lillian in her room at 819 V
Larkin street, and Emma in tne Cit/
Prison. She is a native of Vermont, unii
is interesting a number of ladies from that
State in the misfortunes of the Ashleys.
"1 am taking an acting part in trying
to assist these poor girls," said Mrs.
Woodman yesterday, "because I know the
facts and many facts that have not been
published in the papers. I want tne
women of the Federation for Public Good
to see thun. I want them to see that
Lillian Ashley has been more sinned
against than sinnins, and that Emma
Ashley is a pure girl, whose love for her
sister and whose tenderness for that poor
little fatherless babe made her attempt a
desperate deed. The case was tried with
closed doors and the public does not know
all the wrong that Lillian Ashley has suf
fered nor just what drove Emma to the
act of a mad woman.
"When E. J, Baldwin went back to that
country village and met the Asnley giris
he was a stranger there. With his" white
hair and fatherly manners they thought
him a rich, philanthropic gentleman, and
it is no wonder he succeeded In drawing
Lillian away from her home to misery and
ruin. To show you the standing of the
plaintiff in this deplorable case I will read
you this testimonial from her former
pastor:
Parsonage First Congregational Chcbch.j
130 Main Strket, >
Winchester, Mass., March 8. 1894.)
Tt gives me great pleasure to testify to the
excellent mora. and Christian character of
Miss Lillian A. Ashley, a former member of
my congregation here In Winchester. We
were very sorry to lose her from our Suuday-
Bcbool, Society of Christian Endeavor and a
circle of King's Daughters, in each of which
she was a useiul and loved member.
I would commend her most cordially to any
Christian people among whom her lot in the fu
ture may be cast.
D. Augustine Newton, Pastor.
"I have written a letter to Mr. Baldwin
asking him to make some provision from
his millions for tuis child, who is undoubt
edly his flesn and mood. In a compara
tively few years he and his ranches, mines,
city property and racehorses will part, and
he might make some little reparation for
the wrons; he has done before that final
hour comes on. Ido not know whether
my appeal will reach his heart or not, but
my view is the Christian— the humane
view of the case, and my conscience is
clear. I understand Baldwin will be asked
to assist in some manner in procuring
bonds for Miss Eruma Ashley. The idea
may seem wildly visionary, but E. J. Bald
win could not well do a more creditable
thing, and it would put a new phase on
the affair. To ko on the bond of the
woman who attempted to shoot him would
be a generous act that would not fail to
benefit him in the minds of the people.
Baldwin's millions may defeat the penni
less woman who is righting him In the
cause of his own child, but popular opin
ion will try and condemn him."
'•We have brought the Ashley case be
fore tie protection committee of the
Woman's Federation, aud even if the
federation does not do anything finan
cially for them ii may give them its moral
support."
A number of ladies, among them two of
Emma Ashley's Vermont neighbors, vis
ited her in the City Prison yesterday.
They brought her a number of needed
articles which would po far toward mak
ing her confinement behind the bars more
tolerable. They afterward visited Lillian
Ashley in her room. Mrs. Woodman
took the baby some clothing, of which
the little one stood badly in need. Chief
of Police Crowley yesterday, at the earnest
reque>t of Emma Ashley, permitted her to
go and see the baby she loves so well. An
officer in citizen's clothes took her to the
house and remained in the room during
her visit. She cried over the child in a
pitiful manner, and could hardly be per
suaded to leave it when the time" came to
return to the prison.
Strong efforts are being made to procure
bonds for the unfortunate young woman,
and it is thought she will be released in a
few days, as a number of person* have ex
pressed themselves a-* being willing to
stand responsible for her appearance at
her trial.
"If my sister is released," said Liliian
yesterday, "I will be able to do somet ing
for our support, for sne will take care of
baby. We have nothing and I must work,
which I can and will do till the decision is
rendered. It's all for this child. If I pain
anything from the suit it will be for its
support. I will bring her up rightly if I
can. She is E. J. Baldwin's daughter, and
if a few dollars of his millions are forced
from him by this suit he will have the
consolation of knowing tnat his own child
and not strangers is Getting the benefit of
the money. Several kind ladies have
called on me with their dear, kind words
of sympathy, and I am thankful God does
not quite abandon the worse than widow
and the worse than fatherless."
DIAMONDS IN FRUIT.
Not the Real Thing, but a Close Imita-
Fruit diamonds form the latest discov
ery of science. The unpoetic cause was a
Tennessee cow. Pearls cast before swine
is proverbial evidence of non-appreciation,
but so greatly did the cow mentioned, and
her sisters, admire this fruit diamond,
that so much thereof was eaten as to
make the bovine gourmets ill. The own
ers of the animals became gr atly alarmed,
and consulted medical science. This is
how Dr. R. C. Eccies. Brooklyn, happened
to make the discovery.
Dr. Eccies succeeded in extracting from
the seeds an alkaloid different from and
more peculiar than any other known to
physicians or chemists. He is sure it is
poisonous, and the only known poison
which it resembles at all is strychnine.
The berries crow on bushes that are
from four to five feet hiph, and are de
scribed in the botanical lexicon as belong
ing to the family of sweet scented shrubs
of Carolina allspice. They are about the
size of oxheart cherries, with a seed in
them about as big as a green pea. In ap
pearance they are oblong oval, conspicu
ously tip?r pointed, claucous white under
neath and roußhish above, and are in sea
son from May to August. They are very
uncommon and are only found in some
mountainous districts in Tennessee.
The alkaloid is obtained in the shape of
small diamond-tike crystals, wnich flash
and scintillate with all the brilliancy of
real gems, and might be readily mistaken
for such; hence the name '"'fruit dia
monds. 1 ' The diamond-like crystals are
only about the size of a pinhead. Dr.
Durand Woodman, secretary of the New
York biancn of the American Chemical
Society, in describing them said: "They
are as brilliant as flawless gems, and may
be worth as much as diamonds, or ies3,
as further experiments reveal their
worth in medicine. At present all
we know is that the g'-m-shaped
crystals are poisonous, and it was this
element in the berries which caused the
illness of the Tennessee cattle. We do
not know, as we have not experimented yet,
just how dangerous the poison may be.
Because of its scarcity I shouid jud^e thai
the alKaloid would cost more than its
weight in gold at present. It may prove
so valuable that diamonds would be cheap
in comparison, and again it may prove
comparatively valueless. Ido not antici
pate any demand for the crystals to use in
stead of diamonds, but tbey would prove
the best substitute I have ever seen if they
would only retain their substance. Dr.
Eccies showed quite a quantity before the
meeting of our society branch, and I as
sure you that if he ha'i only displayed a
few we would have readily mistaken them
for small diamonds until be had explained
the difference."
BRET HARTE IS A LION,
The Famous Old Garrick Club
Is More Exclusive Than
Ever.
Free Coinage of S lyer in Its Relation
to American Securities Held in
England.
Colonel Alex G. Hawes is in town again,
after an absence of a little more than a
year. He has been living in London since
he left San Francisco, early in the sum
mer of 1895, and will return to England
next month for another year's sojourn
abroad. Among the old timers of Califor
nia that the colonel frequently met at the
Savage Club in London was Paul Fran
zeny, an artist, whose talent is recognized
in two hemispheres. Franzeny belonged
with Tavernier, Hamilton. Irwin and oth
ers to a group of artists that pro
duced some of the best pictures ever
painted in San Francisco. He left here in
18' ij, and subsequently sent some spirited
sketches of frontier life in Ar.zona and
New Mexico to Harper's Weekly. For a
long time he was lost sight of. but was
atrain seen as an attache of Buffalo Bill's
Wild West Show in Paris. The London
Illustrated News cave his work special
prominence some years ago.
Franzeny has a great schem ■ on hand
now and H seems a pity that Tavernier
is not alive so the two mijrht get rich to
gether. Franzeny's scheme is to utilize
the waves of tbe ocean to generate light
and produce power. When he gets it in
operation according to the plans in his ,
imagination he will supply power for j
manufacturing in London. The scheme !
is not original by any means, but this de
tracts little or nothing from its beauty.
Bret Harte, wnose fame abroad was
gained by the "Outcasts of Poker Flat"
and other stories in the o;d Overland j
Monthly, is popular in London. Harte is
■ good deal of a lion in literary and swell
circles. His work is appreciated in Eng
land and his constituency of readers is
large and loyal.
H. J. W. Dam, formerly connected with
the press of San Francisco, is living in
London. He has produced one play that
has had a steady run since its introduc
tion to the public He is fairly prosperous
and correspondingly happy.
Colonel Hawes went abroad to direct the !
management of the affairs of tbe New \
York Life Insurance Company in Great
Britain. Attention to duty in this regard
of course required much of his time, still
be bad leisure and opportunity to enter
tain many visiting Americans He veri
fies nil that has been said about '"Nealy"
Bullivan's success as a singer in London.
When asked about the Garrick Club, to
which Thackeray and Dickens belonged,
and where they quarreled about the recog
nition of Yates, Colonel Hawes said it was
still a famous institution. It is an exclu
sive club to which strangers are seldom
admitted. Angels may be entertained
there unawares, but if so they are enter
tained in trie strangers' dining-room, a
place set apart for dinners given by a
member to non-members.
Admission to the hallowed inner pre
cincts of the club can only be obtained by
permission of the board of directors, and
the permit only allows the favored person
to pass through tbe rooms and note the
treasures contributed by the famous !
authors and actors whose genius was
recognized the world over. The club is
rich in treasures of this character. The
orierinal sketches and paintings are highly
prized.
In coming across the continent from
New York to San Francisco Colonel
Hawes received another installment on
account of tbe Atlanta campaign of 1864,
and anticipating the advice of his physi
cian, went to bed as soon as he got here.
He beard and saw enoueh at Chicago and ,
other places to convince him that the-ad
vocates of the free coinage of silver intend
to make a vigorous fi-ht in this campaign.
He cannot tell what effect a free-coinage '
victory would have on American credit
abroad. So much confidence is reposed
in the faith of the United States that
$1,000,000,000 of American securities are
held in England. Any proposition to pay
these obligations in silver would, in his
judgment, place the United States in line
with the South American republics so far
as credit abroad is <oncerned.
NEW TO-DAT.
£ Cheapest, Because the Best i
i GAIL BORDEN 5
5 EAGLE BRAND I
L CONDENSED MILK h
A Send ,( or that -little book, "Infant A '
I fret^ ' " eat Value tO mot^erst silt C
J., N. Y. Condensed Milk Co 5
J7l Hudson street, :: Hcw*Ytafc ?
PENl^rpiLU
i HEW to«pat: : _
MUNYON'S
I Improved Honuepathic
REMEDIES
SAVE DOCTORS' FEES
With Munyon's Guide to Health and
a Munyon Fami y Medicine _.
Chest in the House
You Can
AVOID LONG SPELLS OF ILLNESS.
The Munyon remedies act instantly, giv-
ing relief after the first two or three doses,
and effecting a rapid cure even in the most
obstinate cases. There isa separate Mun-
yon Remedy for each disease and each
| specific has plain directions, so there can
I be no mistake, v Ifyon are ailing read Mun-
yon's Guide to Health; it will describe
your disease and tell you how to cure
yourself with a 25-cent Munyon Remedy.
If you find that you have rheumatism
take Munyon's Rheumatism Cure and your
pains and aches will be gone in a few clays.
If you have stomach trouble take Mun-
yon's Dyspepsia Cure; for a cold or a cough
the Cold Cure or the Cough Cure, and so
on. No matter what the disease, you can
be absolutely certain of a cure if you take
the iemedy recommended in the "Guidi\"
Where you are in doubt a personal letter
to Professor Munyon, 1505 Arch street; will
be answered, with free medical advice for
any di-ease.
AT ALL DRUGGISTS— BSc A BOTTLE.
too
DOCTOIJWEJtiiT
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That he has investigated further into the
mysteries, of life and penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
wor;hy but less successful associates, : s
now acknowledged by ail. His e»peri-
ence is lifelong, and h.s record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, is
simply
A Series of Professional
Triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising his
name, because he has made their lives
happy and brought sunshine into their
homes. On Friday afternoons he treats
free of charge the poor who call at his
office. The following are among the dis-
eases he cures:
'IYTFRYU, OIIIMW All leases of the
; llllJulilliiu VlUl;liV\ eye, ear, bead, heart,
j throat, lungs, liver, stomach nna bowels posi-
tively cured in the shortest possible time."
Special attention given to Rupture, Piles,
Blood and Skin Diseases and Female Com-
plaints. ■ '
VA! IVd IHF\ i* you are troubled ' with
lUlJllu.lTllJtl, vital > losses. exhaus 'n?
drains, pimples, Dashfnlnegs, aversion to soci-
! ety, Btupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-conti'tence, which = de-
orlve you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage— if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man. - »
MIDDLE-AGED AND OLD MEN, &££
I of you troubled with weak, aching backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
I sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
| of nervous debility and ' premature decay.
I Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of trie
cause,, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
PR 1 11 ' IT diseases — Gleet. Inflammations,
I 111 111 ILi Discharges, Strictures, Weakness
of Organs, Hydrocele, Varicocele and kin Jrod
troub.e« quickly cured without pain and deten-
tion from business.
Mill By this means you can describe your
IUiUL. troubles to ihe doctor if living away
from the city and unable to come to his office.
Treatment in this manner always satisfactory
Write for Dr. Sweany's very valuable treatise,
"Guide to Health." A perusal of it might save
much mental and physical suffering and add
i golden years to your lite. Hours: 9t012 a m
and 2to 5 and 7: to Bp. m. tundays, 10 to 12
A. m. only. Address
F L SWEANY Ml) 737 Market St.,
T. L. 0 LfHl I , m. U., an Francisco, CaL
I 78 THE VERY BKSX ONE To KXAMIVK
1 your eyea »nd at mem to Spectacles and Ey2
fcUuea with instruments of mV own invaaUai
wtoowsnperlorlty tuts not been ©qu*i«cL M» «a»
MM has been due to the menu wi mi wool
Office .ttuurs— lii to 4 m. ™-T -
PI! CC ITCHING PILES
! r ILt,5 SWAYNE> * _
ABSOLUTELY CUBES UlNTmtn T
BTMPTOMS-Molrtiire, tate.se ltchl»« »d
• tlBarln«: mo»t «t nl«bi; worse by «r-»ich*n B . If
allowed to continue tumor, form and protrude,
which onenb!»ea br.J ulcerate, becoming very
»ii d blce.llng, heaU uWralloo, and In moetesM*
remoTe« the. tumor*. *»k jour Dru^-lit ibr li.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL room
PALACE HOTEL.
! DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET : Sf
:' OPEX CJiTU, 3IIUNIGHT.
\J * FIFTY-DOLLAR
: iPPIi|ELECTR!3 BELTS
i§yiiyp Ft $*J5; $40 3 BELTS
! H?a/j(Q?B»=n«!lJr r for »20. and $30 Belt*
Ft^^^K^Vo?' for $15; olsogooi bells for
jiff* ~\/^Pi-*-'tiV^ $5.; Latest paieut and all
(■ Z\3l? ' improvements. tS" Call
■ "~Ti> or write for new pamphlet
* Vl No. -2. Address bK.
; PIKHCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearuy,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco. ■■
/?T!9VDEWEY&CO.^V
fc* /PATENTS^ .11
1 " 11 ■■.■■■in mi^G E \^J
__^^220 MARKET ST.SJF^Sr
; Weak Men and Women
' SHOULD DAMIANA JBITTKKS, sk*
i £J grow Mexican it«m»dj; give* HmUA •*■
I fctrtnKtu to Ui« bexma ou^U.GRONLUND FEARS
FOR TIE FUTURE
Believes That a Great Social
Revolution Is at
Hand
SUCH AS THAT OF 1793
Began Yesterday With the Open
ing of the Democratic
Convention.
JAMES S. REYNOLDS SAYS NAY.
Sajs the Single Tax Is the Star of
Hope Amid the Clouds of
Social Evil.
An interesting and highly instructive
debate took place last night at the South
Park Social settlement, 15 South Park, be
tween James S. Reynolds and Lawrence
Gronlund, the respective champions of the
tingle tax and socialism, as to the remedy
of modern social evils. Each speaker stuck
religiously to his text, so to speak, and
consequently the audience wfes enabled to
judge fairly between the two reforms on
the showing made by each of the ex
ponents.
The regular officers of the settlement be
ing absent, Mr. Boyd was elected as tem
porary chairman and Miss Beamish as
secretary. After the announcement that
Mr. Reynolds, by agreement, was to have
twenty-live minutes to open and ten min
utes to close after Mr. Gronlund's speech
of thirty minutes, Mr. Reynolds began.
He prefaced his remarks by stating that
several weeks previously, after listening
to Mr. Gronlund talk, he had volunteered
to subsequently controvert every substan
tial statement of the speaker.
"Mr. Gronlund's speech," began Rey
nolds, "was, in brief, a protest against
capital. In denning capital, however, he
fell into a pitfall. He included as capital
machinery, gold and silver and land. Ma
chinery, indeed, is capital, gold and silver
represent capital, but land neither is nor
represents capital.
''The so-called ownership of land is es
sentially the privilege of collecting rent.
Gronlund is in favor of making this rent
common property. Thus far single-taxers
agree with Mr. Gronlund, but when Mr.
Gronlund goes further and proposes the
common ownership of everything we differ
from him very materially". Socialism is
not freedom. We single-taxers believe in
giving all free access to natural opportuni
ties and thus giving all an equal chance.
"Mr. Gronlund promised, under social
ism, State aid for the unemployed, but
didn't say just bow this was to bu done.
The whole idea is based upon the errone
ous supposition that the State owes every
man work. I deny that the State owes every
man work. The State owe? no man work.
What the State does owe a man is not
work, nor even the opDortunity, but it
does owe him this: that the State shall
not deprive any man of an opportunity to
work, or allow any one else to deprive him
of the opportunity. This brief statement
summarizes all economic truth; it is the
doctrine of single tax and the doctrine of
freedom in a nutshell."
Mrs. Reynolds briefly showed that from
Mr. Gronlund's ideal system of govern
ment ownership came the present system
of piivate ownership. According to the
speaker, before Henry VIII claimed that
the state owned the land the people had
never thought that they had owned it.
"Mr. Gronlund," resumed tne speaker,
"rightly said that something is going to
happen. But I deny that it is socialism
that is coming. It is freedom. The pres
ent silver craze is one indication of the
prevalent tendency of the people toward
freedom. Mr. Gronlund is wrong in say
ing that a bloody revolution is imminent.
There never will be a forcible revolution,
for the human mind will not resort to
violence so long as there is a single star of
hope in the sky. That star of hope is the
doctrine held forth and enunciated by
single taxers."
Mr. Gronlund began by stating that he
agreed with the single-taxera in many re
spects, and that he didn't want to oppose
them, but to convert them. Before pro
ceeding to answer Mr. Reynolds the
speaker drew a distinction between social
ism, which had for its motto, "From
. every one according to his ability to every
one according to his deed," and com
munism, which gives to every one accord
ing to his need, and nationalism, which
gives to every one alike.
"The great trouble with Americans," he
declared, "is that they believe they can
invent remedies foi social evils. They
cannot, because society is an organism,
and the evils of society are due tp the fact
that society is not as yet a fully developed
organism. When its full development is
reached then every one can say, 'The State
owes me a living.'
"Many modern economic fallacies are
based upon the proposition that every
man is entitled to all he earns. This is
not so, for, this being true, the strong
would have advantage over the weak. I
do not agree with Bellamy in wishing for
economic equality, but equal economic
opportunity."
The speaker reiterated his former state
ment that capital included land. He then
proceeded to discuss land and land values,
which latter, he declared, had been
created by men — men now alive and men
since dead as well. After this definition,
Mr. Gronlund thus proceeded to summar
ize socialism :
"All socialists agree that socialism is
the 'collective ownership of all capital and
the collective control of all business.' I
maintain that all competition necessarily
ends in monopoly or combination. Trusts
are inevitable, and cannot be removed by
law. If you want to see what socialism is,
look at the trusts. In these trusts pro
duction is socialized. The trouble lies in
the fact that distribution is not socialized.
"i repeat mv conviction that a revolu
tion is at hand and that it is nearer than I
bad thought. I had thought that the
great social revolution could be staved off
until 1900 or 1901, when the people might
possibiy be ripe for it. I fear that it is
even closer at hand. In fact I believe that
ihid, the hrst day of the Democratic Con
vention, is the fi.st day of the great
American revolution, which I fear will be
a second French Revolution.
Mr. Reynolds in his reply declared that
Gronlund had surprised him by tb« argu
ments advanced. Mr. Reynolds, however,
wished to correct a few of the previous
speaker's mistakes. Like manyUtherh
who spoke against the single tax, Mr.
Gronlund, declared Reynolds, didn't know
the first A B C of the subject.
"A laborer, when he has paid his rent to
the community," declared Mr. Reynolds,
•has paid all he ought to pay. vVhat he
earns rightly belongs to him. Under the
single tax the laborer receives bis aggre
gate wages minus the land rent, which is,
however, used for him in common with
all others.
"I grant that society is an organism,
but it is a very different organism from
what you think it is. The eingle-taxers
realize that society id an organism and
they wish to prevent individuals from
robbing society of what it has created as
an organism.
"The single-taxers do not pretend to
cure all the ills that society is heir to, but
it will cure all the economic ill of society.
A listener once declared to Henry George
that he did not believe the single tax
would cure all our evils. Let me answer
you as the great single-taxer tersely
answered his hearer, 'Nor I; but freedom
will.' "
SOCIALISTS ACTIVE.
Reports From Various Sections Show
the Work Is Progressing.
The activity of the socialists throughout
the country is manifest in the monthly re
ports issued by the National executive for
the month of May which shows the re
ceipts for stamps and emblem buttons by
the National secretary was $800.
This income was the net receipts from
seventy-five sections in various cities dur
ing the month exclusive of the receipts
from tiie sale of literature and other
sources which amounts up in the thousands
and accrues to each section for propaganda
purposes.
The socialists of Minnesota are greatly
elated at the success of one of their com
rades, A. H. Lee, who carried off with
honors the Giitillan prize at the Minne
sota State University for an able essay on
"War and Industrial Progress."
The Austrian McKinley Club.
The regular weekly meeting of the Austrian-
American McKinley Club was held last even
ing at its headquarters, 25 Turk street. Not
withstanding the fact of its being a holiday,
the sentiment of "protection and home rule"
was a factor strongly manifested in the rous
ing attendance which greeted the opening by
the chair. The story of the unfurling of "Old
Glory" in California fifty years ago was ably
told by H. A. Williams, who. in his speech, ap
pealed to those present to stand by tnose
colors in this campaign, and place the man
who risked his life in defense of the stars and
stripes where he properly belongs— in the
White House as the chiet executive of the
\'Btion. Speeches were also made by John
\V. Ryan, William E. Peck, P. Bokarizi, Antone
Gagre and James J. Feely.
The Sutro Midway, Where John McAllister Met a Tragic Death. The Cross Indicates Where the
Body Was Found.
KEEP THE STREETS CLEAN
Merchants' Association Camp on
Superintendent Ashworth's
Trail.
His Attention Called to the Fact That
Western Addition Streets
Are Filthy.
The officers of the Merchants' Associa
tion still keep a careful watch upon all
street work, and particularly street clean
ing, although this line of work has for
some time past been in the hands of the
Superintendent of Streets. When that
public official is thought to be slighting
or neglecting his duties he is politely In
formed of the fact in such a communica
tion as the following:
Thomas Ashworth Esq., Superintendent of Pub
lic Streets, Highways and Squares— Dear Sik:
Frequent complaints have been received by
this association during the past mouth from
residents in the Western Addition regarding
the accumulation of dirt in the gutters in that
district, mod no doubt your office has received
even more. This district has been regularly
inspected by us, and, as the sweeping br the
regular hand-labor gang has been satisfac
torily performed, it is apparent that these ac
cumulations in the gutters result from the ab
sence of the "special crew," which was espe
cially provided for the purpose of giving extra
cleanings to the gutters of this district in the
intervals between regular sweepings.
As was pointed out by yourself last year,
many streets in this district, owing to the
smooth pavements and the high winds, do not
retire as frequent cleaning over the entire
sunace of the street as they do in the gutters,
into which the greater portion of the dirt is
blown by the winds and passage of the electric
cars. One thorough cleaning once a month
by the regular gang will be sufficient to keep
the main poriion oi these streets in good con
dition, but the gutters require additional
cleanings during the month, and on certain
streets in the flat portion — such as Devisadero
from Turk to CalHornia, Scott and Steiner
from Golden Oate avenue to Post, and Fill
more, Webster and Buchanan from Eddy to
Post, and others— require repeated cleanings
between the intervals of regular sweeping.
During the past month the streets in the
Western Addition, owing solely to the accum
ulation in the gutters, have been in a worse
condition than in any other portion of the
City. In consideration of the above facts this
association respectfully asks that, as the fiscal
year li«ts commenced and funds are now
available, you will order the contractors to re
sume work with the "special crew," and re
quire them to confine the work of this crew as
much an possible to the streets swept once a
month north of Turk street and west of Van
Ness avenue, as these are the streets on which
the dirt accumulates most rapidly in the gut
ters.
Trusting that you will give this matter your
early consideration we remain, very respect
fully, Merchants' Association.
Death of a Mexican Veteran.
Granville Cautbeon Thurman died at Orland,
Glenn County, on June 28, as the result of a
fall from his buggy three days previous. He
was born in Missouri in January, 1827, and
was a veteran of the Mexican war. He crossed
the plains and arrived In Portland, Or., on
September 13, 1850, and for twenty years
resided in tiiat Slate. In 1870 he came to
California and subsequently settled upon a
farm near Orland and resided in that district
up to the time of his death. He leaves an aged
wife and three children, vir. : E. W. Thurman
and Katie D. Farland of San Francisco and I.
a. Tburinan of Chicago.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
MET DEATH IN A
FOUR-FOOT DITCH,
John McAllister, Hostler,
the Victim of a Peculiar
Accident.
NO LIGHTS TO BE SEEN.
Walks Blindly and With Fatal
Results Into an Unguarded
Excavation.
INSENSIBLE FROM THE FALL
From Outward Indications the De
ceased Was Slowly Strangled
to Death.
Death came to John McAllister, a hostler
at the Cliff House stables, in a most pe
culiar manner Monday night or early yes
terday morning. In fact, so extraordi-
nary are the circumstances so far as can
be gathered that a suspicion of foul play
is entertained by not a few. The body
was found yesterday morning about 7
o'clock by John Hyslop in charge of the
Marine Signal Station.
Monday night about 11 o'clock Mc-
Allister left the stables, saying he was go
ing home. He turned into what is known
as Sutro's Midway, ii being a short cut to
his home, near the Signal Station. That
was the last seen of him until bis body
was found, as already related.
It was lying across a narrow ditch, the
legs resting on one side of the excavation
and the head on the ether. From appear
ances it seemed that McAllister stumbled
over a pile of sand and falling across the
trench struck his chin on a projeciing
rock. The blow rendered him uncon
scious and the weieht of his body pressing
against his neck slowly strangled the un
fortunate man to death. When found
McAllister was black in the face, indicat
ing that he had died from strangulation.
There are some, however, who entertain
the belief that the deceased was strangled
and the body then placed in the position
found.
Monday a ditch four feet deep and
about three in width was dug across the
midway road for the purpose of putting
down a pipe connecting with the water
main on Point Lobos road. The workmen
had failed to light the obstruction and
McAllister, not knowing of the new im
provements, walked Mindly to his death.
The deceased was 41 years of age and a
native of New Orleans.
DANGER OF EXTINCTION.
Counties Where the Wild Deer
Are Ruthlessly
Shot.
Boards of Supervisors Can Shorten the
Season, bnt They Cannot
Prolong It.
The attention of the Fish and Game
Commissioners has been frequently called
to the slaughter of deer, which has been
going on uninterruptedly for the past
month in Marin, Sonoma and Mendocino
counties.
The Commissioners state that owing to
their limited funds they cannot afford to
appoint a deputy to visit the places where
the law has been and is being openly
violated.
The sportsmen of the counties where
deer are being killed out of season must
dig down into their pockets and pay an
officer to lookout for the interests of the
game of their respective localities— that is,
if they propose to check the slauehter,
which in some counties has been very
great.
Deer are getting scarcer every season
and it will not be many years hence when
they will disappear like the elk and ante
lope, all because of the continual shooting
and tbe little interest that is being mani
fested by sportsmen in their protection.
Some of the daily papers have asserted
that deer can be killed on July 15 in any
county of the State. This is certainly a
grievlous mistake, which may possibly
lead many persons into a bad mess. The
State law provides that it shall be unlaw
ful to kill male deer between the 15th day
of October and the 15th day of July, and
repeals all laws and ordinances in con
flict therewith, but only such as are in
conflict. Therefore any ordinance passed
by the Boards of Supervisors of the several
counties of the State that is not in con
flict with the State law is not repealed.
It must be remembered that the Btate
law provides that it shall be unlawful to kill
deer between October 15 and July 15, not
that it shall be lawful to kill between July
15 and October 15. Consequently the
Supervisors have the power to say that it
shall also be unlawful to kill deer at any
other time between July 15 and October 15.
The game law repealed only such acts
and paTts of acts as were in conflict with
it. Section 29}^ of the County Govern
ment act gives the Supervisors power to
pass ordinances for the protection of game
and fish, and that power has not been
taken away from them any further than
to prevent a conflict with the State law.
All ordinances that have been passed by
the Supervisors since the present game
law went into effect, that provide tor an
open season for deer, whose limits are
within the three months between the 15th
of July and the 15th of October, and have
not been repealed by the board, are not in
conflict with the general law and are
therefore still in force.
In some counties where ordinances have
been passed, either the opening dates
have been set prior to July 15, or the clos
ing dates later than October 15. Such
ordinances have been repealed by the gen
eral law. In the sporting department of
next Saturday's Call the ordinances which
rule in a number of counties will appear.
The eun 1 clubs are having great sport
now. The competitions between the
various organizations have stirred up quite
a healthy rivalry, and as a consequence
there is an unprecedented demand for
bluerocks and traps all through the coun-
try. The shoot of last Sunday, under the
auspices of the Inanimate Target Associa
tion, wns very well attended, and the par
ticipants are now only too anxious lor a
second meeting under Hue conditions.
Next Sunday there will be lively popping
o! Runs over the bay. The following clubs
will face the targets: Reliance Gun Club
at the Reliance Club grounds, Olympic
Gun Club at Lincoln Club grounds. Em
pire Club at hmi)ire grounds, Encinal
Gun Club at Birds Point. On the 18th
inst. the Alameda Sportsman's Club will
meet at Alameda Point; on the 19th inst.
the Lincoln Club will smash clays at the
Lincoln grounds, and the California Wing
Club will shoot at live birds at San Bruno.
The Fly-casting Club will hold practice
casting next Saturday at StoweLake, and
on the evening of the 14th a business
meeting will be held in the Fish Commis
sioners' rooms, Flood building.
MRS. GENERAL FFREMONT.
She Tells of the Corporal That Fol
lowed the Pathfinder.
Mrs. Jessie Ben ton Fremont, in her
story of "The Guard," a body of younj?
men who followed I% The Pathfinder" into
the Civil War and made a brilliant record
for their courage and gallantry, tells a
pathetic little story of a dumb beast who
also was loyal and courageous.
While the guard— a body of cavalry — was
drilling one day near St. Louis, a little
fox-terrier followed one of the men, Herr
Wisa, a Hungarian officer, gome with him
to camp. He could not be driven away.
The men all made a pet of him and
named him the ''Corporal ;" but, though
hft was affable to them ali, he made the
Hungarian soldier his companion and
friend, sleeping at his feet at night and
following him by day.
When the guard oiade their memorable
charge at Springfield, Mo., the "Corporal"
charged with them, keeping beside bis
master's horse throughout the battle.
Herr Wisa was wounded and fell ap
parentiy dead in a thicket. Tbe corps
swept past, his horse fled, wild with terror,
but the little "Corporal" nestled close be
side him, licking his face and trying to
rouse him.
There the dog remained through the
bitter cold night. When morning came
he ran to the distant road, and by his
frantic barks and cries induced a passer-by
to enter the thicket.
The man, seeing only a cold, stiff body,
supposed the soldier to be dead and would
have hurried on. but the "Corporal" furi
ously drove him back and would not be
silenced until he saw bis master move and
speak, when he crouched, dumb and con
tented, at his feet.
A Short Speech.
A good story is told of the late Pro
fessor Blackie.
He was on tbe platform at a crowded
meeting shortly before his death, when at
the close of the chairman's speech, he
stood up and, walking to the front of the
platform, said:
"Ladies and gentlemen" — here the ap
plause was deafening and lasted some
minutes — "I take advantage of this op
portunity" — more applause from the de
lignted audience — "to stretch my legs." —
Spare Moments. _
Camels are perhaps the only animals
that cannot swini. Immediately upon en
tering water, it is said, they turn on their
backs and are drowned.
Borrow on sealalclou, silks ana jewels at Uncle
Harris. 15 Grant avenue.
TRANSLATED FOR
THE JAPANESE,
Latest Pamphlet on Pro
portional Representa
tion.
THE REFORM IN JAPAN.
Alfred Cridge Receives an En
couraging Letter From
Tokio.
GOOD OUTLOOK IN THE ORIENT.
The Single-Tax Propaganda Also Mak
ing Great Progress in
Japan.
Alfred Cridge of this City, one of the
earliest believers in proportional repre
sentation in this country and a pioneer
advocate of the reform, has recently re
ceived encouraging word from far across
Che sea in the land of the Mikado. Charles
E. Gorst, an enthusiastic believer in pro
portional representation and the single
tax, writes from Tokio the following in
teresting account of the progress of the
cause in Japan :
14, TsrKiJi (Tokio). June 17, 1896.
Dear Mr. Critfge: It gives me extreme pleas
ure to send to you three copies of "Proportional
Representation" in Japanese. It is the joint
work of Mr. Sho Nemoto and myself and is the
first thing of the kind in Japanese, and is the
direct result oi your work. To the best of my
belief it is the straight Hare-Spence plan. One
thousand copies have been printed, and an
other thoiiband copies of "Proportional Repre
sentation" in English are now to be printed,
the printers being at work on it. "Proportional
Representation" thus coming ont in Japan
just in the "nick ot time," it will certainly
greatly influence public opinion even if it ialls
short of being adopted.
Tnanks for the copies of your pamphlet
"Hope ana Home." My enthusiasm is stirred
afresh every time I see "Hope and Home." 1
am hoping your harvest home may not belong
delayed, lbe single-tax propaganda Is also
making meat progress in Japan.
This Japanese proportional representation
is not called proportional representation, but
"equity in elections," as being better under
stood. Mr. Js'emoto hag done a noble work. !
He had to show it about and get criticism to j
be certain it would be understood. That has!
delayed its publication, but haß made it more I
valuable. Prosperity to you. Yours, grate
fully, Charles K. <Jorst.
The pamphlet on "Proportional Repre
sentation" referred to in the letter is the
work of Mr. Cridge, who has spent years
in elaborating and working out the de
tails of the system, ;<nd is regarded, all
over this State and the United States as
well, as eminently an authority on tne sub
ject. Mr. Cridge, editorially in the Le
inoore Radical and in the columns of the
Ban Francisco Star, to which he has been
a steady contributor, has long advocated
the proportional system of representation
and also the single tax reform, in which
he has taken a prominent part.
The reform with which Mr. Cridge's
name is inseparably associated has been
tried in various parts of the world, and
has invariably proven satisfactory. The
system has been in operation at the elec
tions of trustees of the Mechanics' Insti
tute of this City, and its operation in the
last two or three elections in which it has
been used has given universal satisfac
tion.
The general outlines of the proportional
system are familiar to many. A voter
in choosing a board of trustees indicates
his preference for the various candidates,
and upon the counting of the ballots any
candidate receiving a quota in the Me
chanics' Institute one-seventh of the
total number of nrst-choice votes is de
clared elected. In this way it is impossible
for a bare majority to control a whole
HEW; TO-DAT.
VARICOCELE.
The Most Weakening of All the Bad
Effects Following Excesses and
Indiscretions. 'i
\ "'''] ' •••■•
pEN CANNOT DESCRIBE THE TOR-
-•- ture inflicted upon the victim of Vari-
cocele. This disease is a swollen condition
of the veins, which become weak "^ and
flabby, get blue, ropy, causing impure cir-
culation, unhealthy perspiration '; and ex-
treme weakness. It drains and drags the
vital energy , from . the body. ; It '-. destroys
strength; it rains the nervous system,"and
makes men unfit for T society, business or
pleasure. , , ;
Do you suffer from it? Watch i yourself
carefully. ,'lt^ creeps 'upon its . victim
quietly, like the serpent, and if you do not
strangle itupon the appearance of the first
symptoms it may sap the foundation from
your structure^gS£H&Bß
Z DR. SANDEN'S: ELECTRIC BELT
cures Varicocele. 'It gives Jife ■ into - the
veins and nerves, removes . the . stagnant
blood and sets up a healthy circulation.
It cures in three months. ; "
, "The swollen veins are gone and mv
strength : has i all returned." says ;N. Da-'
ma to, Penryn, Cal., July 7, 1896. '
This disease destroys your nervous sys-
tem. Drive it from your body by Dr. San- ;
den's Electric Belt.
"I am pleased to state that my Varioo-
cele, which was of twelve years' standing,
has almost completely disappeared ■'. ; after
using Dr. Banden's Belt for two months,"
writes W. E. Johns. i 1139 ; Market street,
San Francisco, June 18, 1896.
All ; power is * weaKened by Varicocele. •
Protect yourself from its ; dangerous pres-
ence. S^9SBBBp
. Send or call for Dr. Sanden's illustrated
book, "Three Classes of Men," describing
Varicocele and its cure. It is free. \
SAN DEN ELECTRIC ; CO.,
eSO; Market Street, San r Francisco,'
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office ' hours; (s ■a.- if io !
8:30 F. m..; Sundays, 10 to 1. '
OFFICES * AT:
JLOS ANGELES, call, I Portland, OR.
-. 804 bomb Broadway. | 253 Washington scre«4.
Consultation l"re« and InvlteA-
board, and all the voters are approxi
mately represented.
Besides being tried here in the Me
chanics' Institute, proportional represnn
tation has been experimented upon in
Australia, and now even in Japan the
propaganda in its behalf is becoming
prominent.
PREFERRED COAL OIL.
A Farmer Who Feared Asphyxiation
From Hydrogen Gas.
One day not long ago a tall countryman
with his boots frescoed with "yaller" mud
and his pants legs stuffed into their tops
walked into a Market-street dental office
and inquired if that was the place where
they "\anked" out teeth.
The dentist informed him that it was
NEW TO-DAY-DRT GOODS. ,"
CITYOF^PARIS!
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE
OP
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
JO pieces ALL-WOOL FIGURED GRANITE SUITINGS, formerly $1.25
per yard, to clear. .. ;.-...... 75c per yard
15 pieces NOVELTY MOHAIR JACQUARD SUITINGS, regular price $1.50
per yard, to c1ear. ................ ..-• SI .66 per yard
25 pieces 54-INCH ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SERGE, to clear.. 75c per yard
ALL HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS CUT DOWN TO HALF PRICE.
SID XTA.IDXjA. ESPAIWOIj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
■■■ VILIjBriDB: E>^.^tlS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
RAILROAD TRAVEL: ■
■OUTUKRH I>AOIFIC COHPAirt.
■ "' »i ,*;■'*. (PACIFIC MVHXUU.) .• .:.V-..i
Tinlnt lent <• nml are tine to arrive at
. - MAN. FStAKC'IfiK'W.
LKATB ' -. .' — FJ!OX JCXB7. 1896. — ARRIVB
♦0:0© a Nile's, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Kant.. »'4Bi>
■ 7iooa, Benida, ■ VacaviUe, Rumscy. Sacra* •
:- men to, Ororille and Redding via
Davis .....:..............;.. Gz4sp
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Nape, Calls*
toga and Santa Rosa GilSr
1:30 a Nilea, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysvilld and Red
r.lllff .;... 4:1«!>
•8:30.v Peters and Milton »7il3p
»:O«»a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa •' •- ' ■ ■
Barbara and Los Ange1e5......... 4t43p
«:00a Martinez and Stockton i 11:45 a
9:OOa Vallejo t;.. .'.........:..;.'.... ;.r • 0:13r
1 tOOp Nilos, San Jose and Livertnore »:15a
•l:OOp Sacramento Eiver Steamers *0:00p
:3Oi> Port Costa and Way Stations t?:4sp
4:00 - Martiuez, San ; Ramon, Vallejo,
■ Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano t-nc
Siuita Rota 81 13 a
«*••? Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
■ , Knights Landing, . MarysTlll^
- '■■,■ OroTille and Sacramento ......... 10:43 a
4:30p Niles, ' San Jose, livermore and
Stockton ......................... 7:13p
4:30p Merced, ■ Berends, Raymond (for
;■• Yosemite) and Fre5n0............ 11j43a
•»*Op New Orleans Uxpress,Fresuo, Bakers*
■ gold, Santa Barb»ra,Los AngeletL
- iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
Sast.. 10:13 a
si9*f Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express ' '
for Mojare anil East IC:I3a
RtOOp Vallejo 11i43a
' •:O«n> Knropeau Mail, Ogden and lCust.... 9:43\
6iOOplluy»-nnls, Nilesaml San J05e...... 7:43 a
}7:OOi> Va11ej0...........;..........: t7«*2p
7:OOr Oregou Express, bacramento, Marys-
vilie, - Redding, < Portland, ; fillet
Hound ana iiast .'.......;......... 1O:4»a
' SANTA (itliZ DIVISION (.Narrow fclaßsej.~"^
- 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, t-'anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations ......^ *, SrO3p
■■ ■ ilsa Newark, Oentervillo, Sim Joie,Fel»<;.n,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz aud Way
Stations BiSOp
■ «9:15r Newark. Ccitcrvllle, San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way -
5tati0n5.............. »l 1:20 a
|I:15i» Newark. Sail Jose and Los fiatai.... *[[»;30a
COAST DIVISION. (Third A Towiisi'ihl S|k.)
••6:43a ban Jose ami Way Stations (New
■ Almaden Wednesdays only) ;»'. 9:47 a
3O a Sunday Excursion for San : Jose. '
SanU Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations..... , {8:33?
■>13a San .liiao, Tres Finos, Santa Cruz, -
■_ ■ ■-• •; . - Vactlio drove. Paso Robles, San '•
J.nia Ohiipo,* Guadalnpe and Prin- ■ -
cipal Way Stations .............. 7iOsr
19i47a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ fl:3©p
I«i:IOa San Joho and V> m y 5tati0n5......... , 3:O0p
I 1:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations.:..... 3:30p
•*-.30r San Maten, Menlo Park, Kan Joe*
' Gilroy, Tres Finos. Santa - Cms, - -
. Balinas,MontereyandPaclQeGroTe *IQ:4Oa
*3:!lOpSan Jose, Pacific Grove and Way' * ■
• - 5tati0n5....;;..:.........;....;..; •1;3Op
•4:30p San Jose ami Way 5tati0n5......... *S:oaA
S:3Op San Joeo ami Principal Way Stations *B:4Sa
. O:3Op San Jose aud Way 5tati0n5.........." 6:33 a
|11t43r San Jos* urn! Way Stations I?t4si>
: HAN : IitiA.NORO A.M» HAYWAKUs LQI.AL.
i'*0:0Oa1 ( 7:16«
. B:0UA . .-. .. * ~ r I i 9:45.>
.£s£ Melrotc, Seminary Pirk, ;j ; 5?M3a
j»-o«p Flt e hb«r r,S«L ««r* >?:*£
- .1:OOr -• an( situ
4:©Oe " , 3:43 i
5:0(»r Bavwards • «:13i
7:<M>p . . j v 8:45 i
- 9-OOp < Runs through to Niles. j io-sol
ttll:lspJ'' 'romNUes.: , ■ ■■■ - : , •■tttia:OOi
, CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SIN FIUHOISCO— of Market Street (Slip 8)— ,
' " «7:15 S;»10 • ll:0fl».M. tl:flO • ; *2:00 J3:CI
*i:80 ;-•■>; |5:C3. *6:OQr.M.
ProicOAlliHD— Foot ■ =8:00 8:0!
10:00 a.m. U2-.00 *l:00 " "= $2:00 " *3:CO ti:C:
;.-«5:00r.M.'-,- ... ■■■■-■■■ -•_ •-: -.  .- ...-.-. -..-:• ■
'■ ■ ■' A for Morning. P for Afternoon. , •
" Sundays excepted. aßmte^ t Saturdays on!)
- . : -'.••■■• t Sundays only. • .-•■•--■•■"
■if Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only
' ' § Rotnnlsya and Sundays for Hanta <■•-■-
-NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
: (Via Sausallto Ferry).
: From San Francisco, commencing June IS, 1896
WEEKDAYS. --.-
: For ■ Mill ; Valley • and '• San Rafael — 7:00, *8-0(
•9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: •1:45, 3:^o, 4:15
- 6:16,»«:00. 6:35 p. H. . ... - - . r ...>.>.
■ Extra trips ■ lor San ? Rafael on Mondays, Wednea
oaj-B and Saturdays at 11:30 p. h.'3MHBBSB
.-•-.;-: SUNDAYS. -
1 For Mill Valley and San Bafael-*8:00, *9:00
• •10:00,11:30 a. m.;**l2:Bj. »l:30, *2:16, *4:(KJ
0:30, 0:45, 8:80 p. v. Extra trip to Sauialltoai
11:00 a. It. v ■'.-•;.,;...■• <
i Trains marked «• run ■ to San. Qnentln. •*I2:S(
p. v. d«es not run to Mill Valley. • '. .
THROUGH TRAIN& ,
•-■ For -Point ■■ Reyes ; ana way stations— B:oo a.' v
Saturdays: 0 a. m. Sunda-.-s; 5:15 p. m. weekdays
; For l"uini Reyes Caiadero and way stations-
-6:00 a. m. Sundays; 1:45 P.M. weekdays. -,
IfSiR MANHOOD RESTORED »'"-"
W ■<•? FT tSW Zv> (6? tion 0I a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of alines
\1 V^ ,\i \<T r^r- \T TOt » or diseases of the generative organ*, such aa JWi M^hSirt
S mi V «i*J i^mui*. Pains In the |lcl£,Sen^nall^i^ s ,^er^ns%u^
\&\ nT **T Pimp ilw^nfltacH i to Marry, Exhausting Dr^s,^artooieli and
>v T V "/ -Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night; Prevents quick-
''VSi/ >»A-*/ new of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
BEFORE and AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. cri»I»ES;E cleanses tae liver, to<
Dcrwnc and mt i cr» kidneys and the urinary organs oi all Imparttlea,
1 CPI»II>F.>'E strengthens and restores small weak organs. - :- .■-. ■■>. j ' ...
The reason sufferer-, are not oared by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
1 1 proatatltta. CUPIDEN'E la the only fcno remedy to care without an opt ration. 8000 tesUmonk f r
•Is. A written eujtrantoo given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cura.
a box; six for by mail. Send for circular and testimonials.
' Address I>AVoi*' 7 aiISDICINIfi CO.i 1170 Market^ street, Ban Francisco, For sale by ' '
- , ;; 1 . BBOOKa' r fHAiIMAVY, U«. POWOU ■»»« V 
and he, taking a seat in the operator's
chair, told the dentist that he had one he
•wanted "yanked" out. ■ '}
' The dentist gave the : tooth several pre
liminary probes with a sharp instrument,
which appeared to give the countryman
great pain, and then told the countryman
that as this tooth was very sensitive it
I would be necessary for him to take gas to
deaden the pain which would -be caused
by the operation. ; ";■ .
The countryman grew indignant at this
and very quickly informed the dentist
that he would ■: take coaloil if necessary,
but he'd be "goldarn ef he would go gas*"
as "he'd heard 'bout people bein' 'fixiated
• by takin' it." The dentist pulled the
j tooth without the aid of either gas or coal-
I oil. — Louisville Commercial. :
— — » » »
Frogs are fully grown at five years.
1 RAILROAD TRAVEU
smfrlScisco & northta-
cmc railway co.
Xlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 X.-. ' 12:31
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips as 1:60
- and 11:30 p. it ;
SUNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:30, 3:30k
6:00, 6:20 P. x. .
. San Rafael ,to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a. it*
12 -.45, 3 :40, 6 :10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. m. - .
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9i6i, 11:10 a. it; 1:40, 3:1% -
6:00,6:25 p.m. f -. Z~
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam*
schedule as above. • • — . ■
lieave Tn>ff(l . t ■ Arrive .. .
Ban Francisco.- A "™ 2. San Frandsca
Wkkjc I Sun- d J 1 ,?^.,,- Sitn- I Wkkk"
Days. [ days. | Ueat'mnion- DAYa . | Day*.
7:30 am 7:20 am Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 AM
S:3opm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. .7:30 pm 6:15 pm
• ■ I Fulton, ■/■
7:30 am ! Windsor, . 10:10 AM
' , Healdsburg, . •
Geyservllle,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 px
■- ■ = •.. ■ - ■■' __ • : •■ '■'■:■..
7:30 am Bopland & - 10:10 am
3:30 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15
7:30 am • I 10:10 am
7 :30 am ' Gaerne vllle. 7 :30 Tit
3:30 PM i - I ■...■■■■- . 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am! Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 ax
■ ... • and ;
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3o am «u.biuitonal [10:40 AMI 10:10 AX
8:30 pm| 5 :00 pm| B€Daato L | 6:05 pm| 6:15 PK
Stages connect at ■ Santa Rosa for Marie -West '
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland"
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i>akeport; at
. Hopland for Lakeport and Bart • Springs; at ■
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, .■ Buck-
neU's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllie, Booneville,
Greenwood, Ore's Hot • Springs. MendociDO : City,.'
Fort Bragg, .Wsstport, TJsal, Wlllets. Cahto, Co-
▼elo, Laytonvtile. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rate«. : -\ - - ■. • ....
- On Sundays round-trip tickets to all ■ points be-
: yond San Rafael at half rates. *.
', ' Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bulldlnt.
H.C. WHITING, - R. X. EYAST, -
.-,-, Gen. Manager. . Gen. Pass. Agent. ..
Atlantic i||||§gg*i
: Pacific ,^^^^&
t ■ Trains leave arriva «i I^^^^^^^Bg
l Trains leave an 1 arrive »; BJfInSK
1 Market-Street Ferry. y^ JT^gS
: . SASTA FE EXPRESS. Sgll
? To Chicago via A. & P.^^^^^^^^t
Direct Line ■' O> 9uV«i> ~*Ufl&
I .Leaves every day at 6 p. m., carrying Pullman
' i Palace f Drawing-room '; Sleepers, , also Modern L- p.
' holstewd Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
" and bedding and In charge of , a porter, i ran dally .
■ ; through to Chicago via Kansas wlty. Annex can
for Denver and St. Louis. - .. .
v Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansaa Cliy, Chicago, Montreal and the White
! Mountains leave every Wednesday. ~tiiy- iijjiwiiniy
..The best railway, from California to the East.
. New rails, new lies; no dust: interesting scenery:
;■ ' and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. r. " ; *: - . .
• Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
. ' '■ Chronicle Building.
■ * Telephone Main 1531. ■•■■ • V ?,'
- notice 10 shipowners;
L
FROM : AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring : Valley - Water : . Works .■; proposes •• to
i, : undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
■ in this city -as are > supplied with I its I hydrant*.
c : | Written applications for water are to |be made at
' I . the water office, which the Harbor ■ Commissioners
I i pronose to erect on the ■ seawall, between ■ Howard
. I and Mission streets. Ships lying in the stream
f will be Informed at the above office, at the time of
I 1 making such i applications, r from what hydrant*
. .their water-boats . will be ; supplied. '. Reasonable
0 ■ notice must be given in all cases, and applications
-. will be tilled at the I earliest I convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. it. and 6 r. m. dally,' Sundays and
; • holidays ' ezcepted, . unless i specially . contracted,
otherwise il *^B' l 'HttdHßBßßßlK
; By order of the Board of Directors. ' /
- PELHASI W. AMES, Secretary.
1112
WHERE THE BIG
INCREASES FELL,
Assessments That Have
Aroused the Cor
porations.
BANKS HEAVILY RAISED
Railroad and Other Franchises
Come in for Material
Changes.
A COMPARISON OF FIGURES.
Why Real Estate Valuations Were
Advanced $11,000,000 Over Those
oi Last Year.
Twenty-one batiks and ten bic corpora
tions will have to stand the brunt, of As
sessor SiebeV raise of $32,520,854 in the
total valuation of San Francisco property
unless the Board of Supervisors, sitting as
a Board of Equalization, sees tit to change
the Assessor's figures.
Compared to the assessment rolls of 1895
the report turned over to the Board of
Supervisors on Monday shows that the
raised banks., which include the Anglo-
Californian Bank, Bank of California,
Bank of British Columbia, Bank of British
North America, Crocker- Wool worth Bank,
California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany. First National Bank of San Fran
cisco, Hum boldt Savings and Loan Society,
La Societe Franchise, etc., London and
San Francisco Ban London, Paris and
American Bank, Mutual Savings Bank,
I'ncinc Coast Savings Society, San Fran
cisco Savings Union, Savings and Loan
Society, Security Savings Bank, the
(icrm»n Savings and Loan Society,
Taliant Banking , Company, the Sather
Banking Company, the Nevada Bank
and Wells. Fargo <fe Co. 'a Bank
will be expected to pay taxes on an in
creased valuation of $19,492,522, while the
corporations, including ttie Market-street
Railway Company, Spring Valley Water
Company, San Francisco Gaslight Com
pany* Edison Light and Power Company,
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany. Pacific Gas Improvement Company,
Suiter-street Railroad Company, Cali
fornia-street Railroad . Company, Geary
street Railroad Company and Sutro Rail
road Company, have been raised an aggre- |
gate ot $5,259,359,0r a total of $24,751,881.
As the entire personal property raise is '
but $2U,620,24$ it is apparent that outside j
of the corporations and banks mentioned |
personal property assessments were low- 1
ered $4,131,633. " Only two banks— the i
Hibernia BanK and Donohoe- Kelly Bank- |
in c Company — were reduced,
l The reason of this immense increase j
was the demand of the State Board of I
Equalization, which, on the occasion of
the Assessors recent visit to Sacramento ]
with his assessment rolls, informed him
that in future the amounts loaned by
banks on stocks and bonds must be as
sessed as solvent credits. These , have ]
never before been regarded as such by '
Assessors and are now made to bring a
revenue to the State for the first time, i
The heaviest individual increases among j
the banks are as follows: " I
1595.
1896.
Increase.
Wells, Fnrgo<fc Co."* Bank $ 510.600
San Franoi>eo Savings Union 502,959
Bank of Brit .sh < olumb a 165.000
B-ink of California 1.140.000
London, Parti sr.d American Bank VOOO
Aiigio-Caiilornia Bank 503,000
$3,546,032
2,077.083
2,155,250
3,108.550
1,490,420
1,409,644
i
$3,335,432
2.174,124
1,990.250
1,965,550
1,125,420
• 906,044
Other banks were increased as follows:
Bank of British North America $16,034
Crockci^Woo'.wonh Bank. 456.-.M"
California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany 571.547
Fir»; National Bank of San Francisco.. 674,355
Humboldt savings and Loan Society.*.. S.IS2
La i-ocit-'e Francalse, etc.... 381,506
London and Nan Francisco Bank 890,030
Mutual savintts Bans. 628 SS4
Pacific foaat Ravines Society.. 63. 438
fcavincs anrt Loan Society- .......... 1,250,721
i Savings Bank. ." 744,602
The German v.vintj and Loan Society. 1,043
TaUant B*nUr.c Company. 8 OSS
The father Banking company.. „ 128,6*1
The Nevada Kan* ." 1,554,791
The corporation that received the heavi
est increase was the Market-street Railway
Company. It will be expected to pay
* »xes on $1,741,063 more than it did in 1895,
having been raised from $2,691,822 to. $4,
-432,555. Other corporations were raised as
follows:
ISOS.
1896.
Increase.
J
Spring Valley Water Company.. ;.... 2 474 164
San Francisco Gaslight Company .'..... 1 45497' >
Edison Light and Power Company 419193
Pacific Telephone and Telegraph Company..... 376*710
Pacific Gas Improvement Company '.'. 690 015
Sutler-street Railroad Company „.......;......." 30**000
California-street Railroad Company.. '237*125
Ueary-* tree t Railroad Company. ;.-. "* <> 74*600
Sutro Railroad Company; . . . . ......:....... ...'?_ j
3,549,265
2,305 599
878.375
- ' 715
396 640
503,750
96,479
371,865
■61,350
I
1,075,101
850,627
459,223
4-::.« >!>:>
140,625
195.750
149,350
97,265
'61.350
In the case of the Market-street Com
pany the increase was on personal prop
erty alone, and while a portion of the
raise lell on the roadbed, roil ing-stock,
etc., the largest portion was on the fran
chise. This is deemed far more valuable
than formerly, bo<-au*e of the increase in
population in the districts to which its
cars run, and because wit. in the past year
the lines of the company have been ma
terially increased and improved. •
The other corporal having special
.privileges were the ones that received the
heaviest raises, the franchise bein»; taxed
in some instances for itiree and four times
what they were last year. '
Tne Geary -street franchise was increased
from $75,000 to $250,000. the Edison Elec
tric LiiMU and Power Company franchise
from $250,000 to $700,000, and the Sunset
Tee phone Company from $300,000 to
$700,000. . . .
The statement of the Presidio and Fer
ries Railroad Company that the earnings
of the line had decreased was accepted
and the assessment was si irhily lowered
Of the total raise of $32,538,884, the real
estate of San Francisco was increased
$.11,900,636. This is largely due to the
costly improvements that have been
paced on business properties, such as the
Parrott block and others.
It is a foregone conclusion that many of
the banks and corporations will tight their
assessments on various grounds. The
Crocker-Woolworth National , Bank and
the Mutual Electric Light Company have
already begun legal proceedings to pre
vent the collection -of the taxes ; their as
sessments would call for.
The Morgue Record.
• ( flroncr Hawkm> has completed his report
for the fiscal year ending June 30. -During the
twelve month> 745 cu>a- came under his snper
FIKAHCUL,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
• wnttLoCK & CO.,
4 Lelde>«dorff St.. Tel. Main i©s4
. ' -. . -.. ■- ; SRUXCH OFTIC* • ■-.<■ : ■
CSS Market St.. Palace Hole:. T*i. Main f>B2B
*"' A. S. IMRDY, Manager. .
Orders :umantly rrec«t«l on latent market qno>
Utlonv Reference Ist National Bank, & F. •••
CHiCA<*a v a r i. wium. -*m\} votix.
vision, divided as follows: Murders 33. accj
denu 161, shocki (railroad accidents) 32, sui
cldet 148, unknown 72, natural causes 331.
Of tbe suicides the principal routes selected
are as follows: Drowning 10, gas 23, knifi>
17, arsenic 13, morphine 9. Fifteen people
died at the hands of their fellow-men, the re
sult of K'nishot wounds, while seven were
stabbed to death. Seventeen lives were lost by
reason of fire and fifty-five died from internal
injuries.
BATRACHIANS AND FLORA.
Interesting Pap»r« Read at the Acad
emy of Science*.
At a meeting of the members of the Acad
emy of Sciences Monday night four new
members were elected. The membership
would have been increased by eight bad it
not oeen for the indifference of those
present. It requires at least twenty votes
to be cast to elect a candidate, and in four
instances this number was lacking, though
not a single black ball was cast.
The programme of the evening com
prised papers on the geographical distri
bution of iife in California.
W. £. Ritter discoursed on batrachians
or the salamander family as found in this
State, and gave some interesting facts re
garding the life and generative habits of
these peculiar creatures.
Alice Eastwood treated on plant life in
the Golden State. She called attention
to the facts that California had a length of
770 miles, extended through nine degrees
of latitude and rose from the sea level to
an altitude of 14,000 feet, thus containing
within its borders avast variety in soil and
climate.
There are 3000 species of plants, she
stated, within the State, probably as many
as on the whole Atlantic coast, including
tbe prolific State of Florida. Continuing
she laid stress on the value of the study
of plant life. The scientilic investigator
of the flora of a section, she explained.
played the same part for horticulture and
agriculture that the prospector did for
the mining industry, ana hence was a
! most necessary individual to society. Bhe
{ spoke of plant migration and of the tact
that nianv of the flora of California were
evidently indigenous to the State, though
; also found in widely distant parts of the
j vorld.
Charles A- Keeler was to have spoken of
i bird life in California and John Van Den
■ burg of the reptiles of the State, but owing
I to the lateness of tbe hour these two sub
' jeet* were postponed till the next meet
ing, which will be held on the first Mon
day in August. There will be no meeting
on the third Monday of the current month.
GODFREY'SENOURINGLOVE
The Marine Fireman Cannot
Keep Away From Cath
erine Nugent.
He Appeared Before Judge Campbell
Yesterday With a B ack Eye and
Got Another Chance.
James Godfrey's infatuation for Cather
ine Nugent, the buxom Keeper of a lodg
ing-house at 28 Minna street, will, it seems,
never die. He has been arrested many
times within the past three years for an
noying her, and has been severely beaten
by other rivals for her hand.
He has promised different Judges to
keep away from her, but so soon as he re
turns to the City from atriD on the coaster
upon wnich he is a fireman he gets filled
up with water-front whisky and gets mixed
up in a fipbt on Minna street.
On Monday morning he appeared before
Judge Campbell with a black eye and a
wounded scalp. He bad been at his old
tricks again, had been thrashed as usual
and was then arrested for disturbiue the
peace.
"How many times are yon to come
here?" queried the Judge." "You have
promised, time and strain, to keep away
from Miss Nugent, but you keep going
there, looking for trouble, and you gener
ally get iv Who licked you this time?
Was it Tracy or Maroney? You don't
know, eh? There are lots cf other pretty
girls in the city besides Miss Nugent, and
why can't you po after one of them and
leave her alone? She won't marry you,
and there's an end of it."
Godfrey hung down his head and did
not attempt to answer the Judge's ques
tions.
"I tell you what I'll do," continued the
Judge. "If you leave with your boat to
morrow morning I will let you go on your
own recognizance, but if you don't I will
order you to appear here Wednesday
morning, and I promise you that I will
prevent you from annoying Miss Nugent
for some time to come. The next time
you come before me I will fix you. Now
you can go."
Godfrey, in the belief that Miss Nugent
wou!d marry him, loaned her $400 about
three years ago to enable her to furnisn
me lodging house. She prospered and
repam him the money and then declined
to marry him, preferring, to bestow her
smile* on W. Tracy, one of her lodgers.
Hence Godfrey's troubles.
FELL FROM A HACK.
Serious Accident to a Little Girl, T£«
anlting in Several Painful
'Scalp Wound...
The 5-year-old daughter of J. Hawkins,
! who lives at Fifteenth and Mariet streets,
I sustained a serious, and painful wound
Friday afternoon by falling from a car
riage. With her parents she had gone to
a fnneral at the corner of Fifteen ih and
No« streets, and they were proceeding, in
; a back to Holy Cross Cemetery. The
little girl managed to loosen the inside
catch of the hack door and fell oat on the
ground, striking on her head and sustain
j ing two severe scalp wounds.
The child was carried to the office of Dr.
C. A. Clinton at Twenty-first and Howard
streets, where, after working several hours,
i Dr. Hughes dressed the wounds. One of
the wounds was five inches long, and It
was necessary to take eight stitches in the
, scaln.
This mishap and the: fatal Occident
which happened ,to a . child .of Dr. Con
nolly under precisely similar circum
stance?, two years ago, indicate all too
\ plainly the danger to which; children are
exposed when riding m ordinary hacks.
Lertnreg on Socialinm.
E. T. Kin'jpsley, State 'organizer of the Social
ist Labor partr, will lecture r before Liberty
Branch ; at 115 Tart - street, • ibis .- even
ing., on "Economic Reform." On July 15
GeorreAspicn will speat under the lame
auspices and will be followed ojsc week laier
July 22. by Profe^orH.H Powers oftne '&
land Stanford Jr. University, who . will lecture
before Liberty Branch, 8. L. P., on the '■Nature
ana Limits of Socialism."
The or*n-air raeetin-rs con ducted, by the so
cialists for years are everywhere regarded by
them as valuable features of their agitation
wort, not only on the score •of economy but
because they gain thereby a hearing from peo
ple who seldom.- if ever, ; attend- the indoor
meeting* of political parties. : »«•«*«
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
ST, GEORGE CLUB
ABHORS SLUGGING,
Sees No Reason Why It
Should Not Hold a
Tournament.
FOR PURE ATHLETICS.
Wishes Only to Increase the
Love for Physical
Culture.
LICENSE COMMITTEE SCORED.
The Members Aver They Will Ask
the Supervisors for No More
Favors.
The members of the St George Club are
considerably incensed over what they term
an uncalled for and wholly unreasonable
action on the part of the Health and Po
lice Board, or License Board, or License
Committee in refusing to grant the club
permission to hold, an athletic tourna
ment at Mechanics' Pavilion on the 27th
of this month, in which the features were
to be wrestling and fencing contests, box
me for points and all other kinds of ath
letic exhibitions.
The club guaranteed a purely scientific
sparring contest, and tne proceeds of the
entire entertainment were to go toward
the building fund of the club. These guar
antees were made by some of San Fran
cisco's best known and most reputable
citizens. The committee refused wholly
to allow this exhibition or tournament to
be held. In consequence tbe members of
the St. George Club feel aggrieved.
Edward Oliver, secretary of the club,
said yesterday : "We put in an applica
tion to the Board of Supervisors for a per
mit for an athletic tournament. It was
distinctly stated in the application that
boxing would be only a feature of the
tournament. We guaranteed t'lat every
thing should be conducted in a respectable
and orderly manner — that there should be
nothing in the nature of a slogging match
or anything to which tbe most fastidious
could object.
"I personally appeared before the com
mittee last Thursday morning, and re
ferred them to some of our prominent offi
cers, among whom were William Grrax
Harrison, Rev. W. W. Bolton, Colonel An
drews and Charles Lyons, and stated that
anything objectionable would do us con
siderable injury. Colonel Little, Mayor
Sutro's business agent, also appeared be
fore the committee with me, and gave liis
personal guarantee that everything would
be as respectable as could be desired.
"I further stated to the committee that
the proceeds from the tournament were to
be devoted toward the building fund of
the club, bnt that at the same time we
were wiliing to pay for the licei.se and for
all other legitimate expenses that might
be necessary.
'•But for some reason or other our appli
cation was refused, and tnis, too, in the
face of the fact that applications are being
granted to such clubs as the National ana
the New Occidental, which have no real
existence so far as I am able to ascertain.
I cannot understand upon what grounds
the application has been refused.
"1 have no desire to say harsh things
about the Health and Police Committee of
the Board of Supervisors, still it does seem
to me passing strange that permits can be
obtained for such disgraceful exhibitions
as have recently been given in this City,
while respectable athletic tournaments
under the auspices of respectable clubs
with large and influential membership are
refused peremptorily.
"What our people will do in the matter I
do not know, out personally I am not in
favor of asking anything further from the
present Board of Supervisors.
"A statement was made in the daily pa
pers of Friday morning that tbe applica
tion was refused because the committee
wished to give the National and New Occi
dental clubs a chance first. These two
clubs have been given a very fair show al
ready and the Corbett-Sbarkey fight and
the Smith-Gallagher fiasco have shown us
what kind of exhibitions these so-called
clubs are putting up under tbe sanction of
the Health and Police Committee of the
San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
'Our object was to give a clean and re
spectable athletic contest, consisting of
fencing, wrestling, boxing for points and
other athletic amusements that could
have been introduced into such a tourna
ment.
"Our members are very much disap
pointed at their failure to obtain a permit,
but no doubt we shall find some other
means of accomplishing our objects. Our
club is purely a social club, and we have
no desire to be known to the publicasany
thing else than a respectable club organ
ized for social purposes. We disclaim
any desire to be known as a sporting club
in any sense of the word.
"The club is procressine far beyond ex
pectations. We are inking in new mem
bers at the rate of 100 a month. By the
time we have our new club bniidine
erected we shall undoubtedly have 1000
members. The bida for tde building will
be opened to-night, and the work of put
ting up the structure will be begun im
mediately.
•'Since'the refusal of the permit for the
tournament our most active members are
exerting their efforts toward inducing tne
Australian cricketers now playing in
England to return home by the way of
this City and play a series of matches with
the local cricketers here.
"Communication with the team has
already been opened and a reply is ex
pected within t: c next few days. * Liberal
inducements have been offered to bring
the Australian club here, and :f our
efforts are successful we shall bare the
grandest exhibition of cricket ever act n in
this country, and thousands of people
from ail over the State and British Co
lumbia will undoubtedly visit this City to
witness the games."
CRUELTY ON THE FOURTH
A Paralysed Borne Left ' to Suffer and
Die on the 7 Hard Cobble
' Stonea.
. The Nation's natal day was desecrated
by a peculiarly atrocious piece, of cruelty
which evoked i much . indignation 1 among
the residents south of Market street. At
8 o'clock on the morning of the Fourth a
horse Belonging to a firm of liverymen
doing business .at . the intersection of
Twelfth and Mission streets, and which
had been temporarily lodged .in, a stable
on Howard street, , was ;ta ken' : to Is ate. ma
street, near Sixth, and 'there left to aie on
; the cobblestones. ' The unfortunate ani
; mal was : suffering "- from paralysis of the '
hind quarters, ana its ■ efforts to : drag its
weight along by means of its fore feet were
most ; painful ;to » witness. ■ To ■ add" to its
1 misery a crowd of ill-conditioned urchins,!
as well as more cuipabie children of a i
larger growth, surrounded ■ the ; dying ani
i mal and tormented, it with squibs . and
bomb*, capering at the sight of its agonized
quiverings with a glee truly infernal.
.Officer George Delmer of the Society for
the Prevention of j Cruelty to Animals wae
notified at noon, and arrived at the
locality when the horse had alieady en
dured four hours of torture. The owners
were forthwith notified that they must
have the horse shot or taken a-vay m an
ambulance if they wished to escape ar
rest. The ambulance idea did not strike
the pair of worthies favorably, sinoe the
hire of the vehicle would be $6. Nor did
the notion of going to jail commend itself
to their fancy, so at 12:30 the horse was
dispatched to the happy grazing grounds
with the aid of a revolver.
It takes the moon exactly 42,524 minutes
(29 days, 12 hours and 44 minutes) to
make its revolution round the earth.
COMMERCIAL RECORD.
CUBTOMS COLLECTIONS.
local Custom-honse collections In June were
9355,800, .-painst e:<57,H00 in June, 139& For
the first six month* of 1896 thpy were $2,607,600,
au'tiliixt $2,648,700 for the same period in 18H5.
ror the fiscal year just closed tuey «eri> $6.447. -
-"■;■.». (against $6,574,901 for the previous fiscal
year.
COINAGE OF THK MINT.
The local-Mint coined $3,216,461 In June,
against 51, 830,043 In June. 1895. For the fiscal
▼ear Just . closed : the coinage was 924.332.951,
against $24,920,110 for. the previous fiscal year.
The descriptions coined in the fiscal year «f 1895
-96 were as follows: Double Eagles, *21.623,500;
Knrles, 5510.000: Half Eagle*. *822,050; Dollars,
$1. 060.000: Half Dollars, 9242,461: Quarter Dol
lars, $65,000; Dimes, $20,000.
The arrow flies with the wind. : The top figures
at station Indicate maximum temperature for the
days: those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow In Inches ami hundredth*,
during the past twelve bourn. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature.' The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually aecomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the Interior
and low alone the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "hicb" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The. reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Uamra .states " Dkpabtitkxt , of AORicri.-
TFRH. WkatKir Bcr.r.AP,s A x Francisco, July
7, 1696, 5 r. jc Weatner conditions and general
forecast:'
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day: S«",*."
Knreka 66. Fresno 108, San Diego 72. Red Bluff
106. San Luis Obispo 82. Yuma 108, San Francisco
69. Los Angeles 80. . : £' ■_* .
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 69,
minimum 53. mean 61.
The pressure has fallen slightly dnrine the past
twenty-four hours over Northern California and
Northern Nevada. 'There has been a slight rjse on
the northern coa«t-
The temperature has risen generally over the
western half of the country, except In Northern
Arizona and Southeastern California. Over Idaho,
Eastern Oregon ana Eastern Washington the tem
perature has risen during the past twenty-four
hours from ten to twenty degrees. .-"■■< . - ■
A thunderstorm is reported < at Fbcpnlx, Arit., i
with .04 inch of rain. £Jsewhcra the weather has
been fair. , - .
Conditions are favorable for continued warm
weather In the valleys of California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hour*
ending midi:i:bt. July «. 1896:
! Northern California— Fair Wednesday: contin
. ued warm weather in the valleys: trt-sh northwest
er, winds on the coast, light winds in the Interior.'
southern California— Cloudy along the coast
Wednesday; fair inland: llgnt westerly winds, v j •
\ Nevada— Fair Wednesday; ■ ' continued warm
weather.
Utah — Fair Wednesday: continued . Warm
weather. ■■
A.Tltx>a* — Thunder-showers Wednesday morning,
fair Wednesday; warmer In the eastern portion.
Ban' Francisco " and » vicinity— Light southwest
erly winds, increasing in force in the afternoon.
- ■? ALKXANDM G. JlcAniK, -
Local Forecast Official. . *
KKW YOT.K MAKKKTS.
FinnnclaL.
NEW YORK. N. V.. July 7.— lt was an ex
tremel'- dull day at the Stock Exchange, the sales
footing op only 99,175 shares, of which 33,400
were sugar, 11.70 1 St. Paul,? 7100 Tobacco and
6600 ; Burlington and Qulncy. Not&lnfe : else
figured for as much as 5000 shares, and a number
of stocks were . wholly neglected. Interest : i 1 the
proceedings of the convention, and .1 he indisposi
tion 10 enter Into important encasements until
the pisiform is decided upon account for tie
limited volume of trade. At the opening of the
exchange the traders showed some disappoint
ment at the Hen: orders received from abroad,
and the bears took advantage of this to hammer
the list. Sugar fell - from U«^»-» to HWff%| Man
hattan from 9714 to 96 l and Chicago was from
57% to 57. <>:bt-T lo»es were i 8i 8 10 li^. Thede
c>ine was soon recovered, and by n»on an advance
of i4@l%on the lowest figures of tbe morning
bad been established. Sugar • sold from 10«»r» to
11 (11 4. Chicago Gas from 57 to 58«^. BurtiuKiOn
from 73 "g" g to 72i-j, St. Paul from 75 to 75 i. Bock
Island lrom 62* /4 to 6*s<fe, Louisville ana Nash
ville from 4&*4 to 4$ x t and Manhattan from
9t>Vj (09714 >ui;ar maintained Its rise to the
i end. but the o. her leading Issues closed at a alight'
reduction. Amonc the specialties 'Lac&awanua
dropped 214 to 1 57*4, while -Nickel - Plate second
preierred rose from "29 to SO and Jersey Central
from 1001,4 to ion*. Speculation lett off dull
and steady in lone. There was little in the way of
news to affect the market beyond the reports from
tne Chicago convention. Exchange continued
easy, and shipments of cod are unlikely. Net
chances show advances, of Vi to 1^ per cent,
Sogar leading. : ■ .
- Bonds were quiet and firm. Sales were $584,000.
Atchlson genera! tours rose «>, to 79 ; Chicago and
Eastern Illinois general fives, 1% 10 99 ;' 8 . Hoct
icc Valley fives. 1 to 86*4: Union Elevated sixes.
I*B to 791^: Cntted s;a.«-s Lralher sixes. 1% to
111: Rock Island fives. 3,4 to 102, and Rio Graude
Western firsts. &t to 74S^. .
In Government bonds $16,000 coupon fours of
1925 -sold a. ÜbSg-alitis^. -'0,000 reel* ered
fl Vf* at 1 lit. and '4,looo registered fours of 19.;"
at 108.- J* ... . -- - - - . ■-■'-•.'•■
Grain. -
FLOTTTi— Steady ; . winter wheat, ' low ' grades,
% 1 ?s«a 35; do patents. *3 50<&3 SO: Minnesota
clear. M 40&2 90; do patents, ■f 3 15*4. Bye
flour, $2 40@2 80.
CORSML.vL- Steady: yellow Western, $2 05£
2 10: Brand wine, $2 1!>. •■ "ftMPElilllH' ffllll
RYE— Dull; Western. SSc tab. ,
BaRLKY— sjuiet; -.9 to sacks quoted 52c tab.
BARLEY MALT— Western. 48#53c -
WHEAT— Spot market - dull, nrmer with op
tions: 1. ah., 655% c; ungraded red, 5SSi@66S.4c:
No. 1 Northern. 84 % c. • ' - «
- : Ontlous declined i.-i©* sc on . easier cables, fair
foreign sellinc and local rraltung: advanced - 0-^(5
I »4C on better cables and following the West, • Cio»
-Ime firm at s 8 - • over yesitrday; trading, firm,'
j active; ■ Sew^niber ' and ■ December ■ nsos: • active;
:Na 2 red July 8 r; Anyust, 61*4 c; >eM*mber.
1 6ii' 8 c; Oc otter. 6. *^r; X»ecemb«r. trt>^c
-' CojiN— Spot dull, steady; .>a x, S"-sgc elevator;
S3*'jC afloat. . - . ■•-.-.■:-•
Options were more act i and Irregular,^ dosing
steady at %4c decline to *-«c advance with a local
trade-; July and septetaWr moa: active. July,
S-.'S^c; eteptemmt, . SH*tc: October, S3 %c; May,
-OATS— Spot, dun, steady. -*.i};i.-.£*rJ;^-. '■
I Options moderately active, l^c lower to 14c Dp.
July, 2l>i-»c; Aa*msi. 1 »s.»c: smtenuber, 20c L < ,
_^Sl-oi prices: No. 2. -O'aßTP%a' " No. 2 1 whit*.
2U£(£2l»/ 4<-;4 <-; No. 2 cmcaco. -'I V»c; Mx S. 181*0:
No 3 whitft. ro*4 cs mixed ; Western. 21@2ii^c;
white. do .:nd *hi,, -t»te,iS@2Bc.- -
FEED BRaN— 50&50J-W5. -
HY^^t^^;^
Irovlsiens.
BEKf — Family, *& 5C#9: . extra mess.
$6©7; Beef bams, Inactive, $14@15; tlerced beef,*
: I dull, steady; city extra India mess,sll@l3; cut
I meats, firm, mod rate . deman.l ; pickled beili.-s.
i IS pounds. 4V%@* : *ic: pickled shoulders, O/s®
8 c; pickled hams. §i4@loc. - ■:■:--■- •, -. 7-
i LAUD— Quiet. Western steam. $4 10 asked
: city, $3 50653 60; July, $4 07: refined slow, conti
. nent, $4 35; south American, $4 75; compound. 4
i @4Vic - c : i. n - • ; l 7 if*H&&£ttt*Kipv-fizi
■ ; PORK— Steady, -.moderate demand; old mess,
1 97 75&8 25; new mess, $8 50@8 75.
BUTTEK — Quiet. - State a dairy, - 12@15c: do
■ crrmaery, ' Hi^(aisiAc: Western dairy, 9@l2c;
; do creamery, llV^ailoc; do factory. b®llc; Klgius,
i 15c; imitation creamery, 10@12c. • ■
■ CHEESE— State large, 6Va@s%c; full , skims,
i iya@2c. - ' '■ : - -'■ ■- ■-- - ..1-1..V. v- .. .'.•..;:■;..
r ' iiOGS— Fairly steady, quiet; State and Penn
sylvania,' . 13c; >. Western fresh, Il@l2c; do per
case. $1 50@3. • - - - . -i _-7 ; . - , . .
TALLOW r 'Dnll, easy; city, 3V B (<a3-Vic: country,
Syß@3Vie. i . , -
CUTTUNBEED Oil,— Quiet, easy; Crude, 20®
21c; yellow, prime. 2454(g(25c asked; do off grade,
■ 24 3 ,ic. ■■■ . ■ •--. .■■■:■■■
Ri »SslN— Quiet, steady. Strained, common to
good. $1 67Vi©l 70.
- -TURPENTINE— bull.' steady; 25iA@25»4c.
■i. POTATOBS-Choice. steady - -J3lJ 31 - (*X ?
RlCE— Firm. Domestic fair ' to extra, 3053,4.0 •
Japan, 4@41.4a . • • ■ ■.=. . ■ /*/ * '
: : MOLASSES— Moderate demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice. 27©37 c
CO* J-KH- Steady. 5 to 16 points up. Augnst.
$11 30@ll 36; Semetnber.SlO 85: December
»10 23: March, *10 20. Spot Bio, steady, quiet:
-' SVG Alt— Raw, easy, more active. Fair refining, I
2 15-16 c; centrifugals 96 test, 3 7-16 c; refined
quiet, unchanged; off A," 4y 4 8 c '+ ]b; mold
A, 6c: standard A. 4sic: confectioners- A. 4s/ 8 c;
cut . loaf 5%c; crushed. 6a/ aC: powdered. sc;
granulated, 4^c; cubes, 6c. .
'vV'Vr . *,<■ Fruit and Produce. ...
RAISINS— London layers. $1@1 05: loose mus
catel, two-crown. 3%@4c; do Ihree-crowu, sc: do
. four-crown, 6y a c .
■---■ PKACHEb-l'eeled, 9 a, 12@13c; do oapealati."
s@Hc." ■ ■ .-. . •
APRrcoTs— Bags, s^aeysc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 7c.
HOPS^Qulet, unchanged. :
WOOL— .Firm, unchanged.
: •-■'..' ,'••. - Merchandise.
;PTO IRON-^Quiet, unchanced.
COPPER-Qulet: lake. *1 1 50
LEAD— DuII: domestic, 82 97 V«.
TIN -Firm; Straits. *13 66.
PLATES— Quiet
. toirh.u-lx.ix- Quiet: domestic. $4 07Vi
5 'CHICAGO MARKETS. "
CHICAGO, 111., July 7.— Politics supplanted all
other news In the grain markets to-day. Business
in wheat was at -low-water mark, with the feeling
somewhat firmer on crop damage reports from the
Northwest. Liverpool cables were unchanged and
Continental : inackets lower. Receipts were 887
cars in the Northwest and 177 at Chicago. Wltn
drawals from store amounted to 76,200 bushels
and export clearances were 201,877 bushels. : Sep
tember wheat opened from 55 % c' to 65»4c, ad
vanced to and closed at 563/ @s6i£c, Vi@%c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts tor to
morrow 90 cars. ' ■ .:. ,
■CORN— Moved slowly and was affected by the
tone of wheat. - Liverpool cables were J,4d lower.
Receipts were 784 cars and 533,24 6 bushels were -
taken from store. port clearances amounted to
185,444 bushels. September corn opened at 26%
i (32 7 c, advanced to - Jll4c,J 1 14 c, closing at :l: ll i/ 8 c bid, yey c
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 340 cars. . . •
OATS— Dragred, but exhibited sympathy with
the tone of the other markets. . Receipts were 432
cars and 119.400 bushels were taken from store.
September oats closed %&f4c higher. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 164 cars. -■ ■
FLAX-— Was weak. Cash, ■ 72@73c; Septem
ber, 71@73c: December 73V*@73i^c Receipts
were as cars. ■ . -^ ■
.•-.PKOVISIONB— An advance In live hog prices
conveyed firmness to provisions, but trading was
very slack. | Values declined subsequently on free
offering* and - a poor demand. September pork
closed a Vie lower, September lard ana ribs each a
shade lower. , -
- BUTTKR— Was steady to-day.
': Creameries- Extras. 14i/.c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10@l'2c: Imitations, fancy, 12c Dairies—
Extras, -12c: firsts, lie; seconds," 9c. Ladles—
Extras. lU@IO^C; firsts, BVs@9c; packing stock,
(•cvroll, 6^7c. - . . - .
EGOS— Were quiet and easy. Fresh stock sold
i at 9Vs® lOVaC 9 dozen.
AIOAEY — \va» s<sßX on : call and V% on time
I loans. New York exchange sold at '26c discount.
Cloalnc Pilces.
WHKAT— JuIy. 55V*c: Seotember, 56«/s@s6iAc:
i December, 6*is.' g @sM^c. ■
<OHN-Jul>-, :.'6&fec; . (September. 27% c: May,
i 29»/BC. " . •
OATS— JuIy. 15i^c: September. 16V 4 c; May,
, 17%@18c ■•..-:■ 7* *'
lui.K- July, ?6 o7i,i; September, 18 80; Janu«
; ary. »7 62%.
. J.AKl— July, *3 75; September, S3 85; Jan n-
I arv, «4 05. . .
1.1 1.>- July. S3 00; beptemoer, *3 70@3 Til/.;
I Jan oar;, *»87%. ' -
. ■_,f, f Livestock.
, VISION. PTOCKYARDS. jr.u. July 7.— The
cattle was slow and steady to-day. Hogs were
! firm > and 10c higher to-day. Sheep were
i strong. . '
CATTLE — Receiota. .2500. Fancy beeves,
> S4 85@4 65: cboice to prime. 1300 to l»00 pound
| en. . *4 2S^l 50- rood to choice steers. 1200 !
: to 1700 pounds. *4 10@4 20: medinm steers. 1000
to 1350 pounds, *3 80«s4 05: common to talr steers.
; 950 MO' 1200 pounds. 53 it)(<u.i 75: ieeders.
, SOO to 1200 pounds. S3 45@3 85: common to choice
mocicers. *•_' bO@S 45: Dulls, cnuice 10 extra, *2 80
| @3 25: cows and heifers, extra, $3 75ig,4; cows,
< fair to choice, I- 50&3 50: cows, common to fair
! earners'. tU&'l 25: calves, good to choice.
i *4 50145 00: ca res. common to rood, f 3©4 40;
! Texas fed steers. #3 10&3 JO: lexa*cows,bmlgana
oxen. Sl 75(53 00:mUK.«>n and spnnuers per head,
i •JO^-iO; Texas grass steers. $2 bOicai.
; . Keceipts. 11,000. Heavy pteki'ic ana
. shipping lots. «3 0583 45: common to choice
mixed. *3 15a.;-i 55: choice assorted. $3 6033 70;
light. 53 35(_4,3 70: pigs, S2 Ho<g.3 65.
SHKLr- Keceipis. soou. interior to caoloa,
| #2V4;2 V 4; lambs. 538.4 50.
THE CROP OUTLOOK.
! CHICAGO, 111, July 7.— The week ending July
6. liKe that Immediately preceding, was, upon the
whole, j. exceptionally favorable. Winter wheat
harvest . is about completed, except in the more
northerly States, where it continues. Heavy rains '
in Kentucky • and Tennessee have caused some
damage to the shocked wheat, tfome thrash! ng
i has been done in West Virginia. Ohio, Indiana and
Illinois. Minnesota and North Dakota report
spring wheat to be considerably Injured : by rust.
In South Dakota soring wheat made favorable
: progress during the week aDd in lowa it is begin
ning to ripen. Keports generally Indicate that corn
baa made fine progress anq the outlook for an ex
ceptionally tine crop in the principal corn Stales is
most promising. '- ■ ; .'
The condition of cotton has Improved, especially
over the eastern portion of the cotton belt, and the
complaints of Injury by lice continue to diminish.
. The outlook for tobacco continues flattering, the !
weather conditions of the week proving favorable -
for the crop. s r-"--v . -
Drouth continues in Colorado, over the greater
part of Texas and northern Louisiana and is being ■ >
felt la western Tennessee and over limited areas in i
Minnesota. ; : Kirn is also badly needed in Oregon !
and Washington. Light frosts occurred in New ! !
York anu in Nevada and Utah, causing no serious
injury. - - :
CALIFORNIA FKLIT SALES.
CHICAGO, In.; July 7.— The ' Ear! ' Fruit Com- '
' pany sold California fruit in the Union auction to- i
1 day," realizing " the following prices: "Prunes— '
simoni, SI t>O@l 75 r bait crate, Plums— .peach,
!91 5501 80 r* half crate; linrbaak. $1 25. Apri
cots— Boyal, 9*c<ASl 06 it half crate.
SKtt \oi.tt STOCKS.
1 Bonds, Exchange, - Money and *■ Railroad
! ';.- Share*. '"■
Money on call has been easy at 12@J^X; last loan
! at li££:~ closing offered at I**%. Prime mercantile
i paper. 4ife#&VsX- Bar silver, 68% - Mexican M*
) iars. 53»i(g;543;c. Sterling Exchange easy, with
actual business 'in bankers' bins at $4 87 for 60
days and 94 88 for demand. Posted rates, $« 87^
6* 68Va- ' Commercial bill s. $4 865.4 86V». -
j ' -^ CLOMXB irTOCicn. ■ -
Am Tel* Cable... 91 Norfolk * We»trn. 5*4
Atchlson ... .. 14 Preferred. lls /4
Preferred.... 2U% Northern Pacific. 814
Adam* Express.. ..l4s 1 Preferred. 16Vs
! Alton. Terre. Haate 59 j Northwestern...... 99»i ;
j American KxpresslOS | • Preferred. :.'...... IAS
| American Tobacco. SOWS. Y. Central....'.." 9514 '
: Preferred......... .85 N.Y.. Chicago*.^.!. 12« a ;
! BayStateGas...... 19-74! Ist preferred. 68
i Baltimore & 0hi0.. . lvW rd preferred SO
I Brunswick Lands.. W.N. Y.i N. H. 170
I buffalo, Roch *P. 38^ X. Y. A New Enr. 48
! Canada Pacific..... 61 . N. V.. Sn»u4 W... - 8 ■
Canada southern.. 4t> Preferred^. ....... 22
Canton Land....... "503%Ontario.i'-..v..':....'.7 11%
Central Pacific.. ... 15 Ontario & Western 14 '
i Chf.v<£Ohio.. 1 4 s Oregor. Improvmnt - j
Chlcaro Alton. It* I Preferred."... '
Prewired 170 ; opepon Navigation ' 12
; Chicago, B. & Q...V T'.'Vs Orecon Short Line. 10^
Chicato* K. 111... 41 Pacific Mall.. ..-. *2
' - Preferred.... .... 99 Peorla, 1) * Evans 114
Gas... '..'.V. 58- Ptuiburg & W. pfd :15
1 > CleveA Piltsbarg..l64 PuUman Palace.... 150.
-■ ConaoDdatiOTi Coal. 'it QnlckaUver.. ....... —1%
1 OonMilidated G»a..153 ' ■ -Preferred..... 13 •■
CC C & St. Louis 28 Beading..... ...... 14
" Preferred.:..:..-..* "O RioGrande&Westn 15
1 Coio. * iron . *1 ' -Preferred....; 40
j : Preferred..-..:. IWO " Kock Island... . 63J-4
1 i Cotton Oil On ."... 15 Kome\V'al^Ocaen.ll4H
j Commercial Cable. I*s -.- 5,1. L. * S. W. ...... 3*4
f J>c»i. Uodson- 124 I Preferred.........'-' 8^
'1 I>el.L»ck&Weatra.iss.' Jst--j»aut.-. '..-.\a_.. 75^
' :I>enver<fe K. G..-...- IS ] i s Preferred. .-^. ...:.12754
Preferred.r.l..... 47 • St. Paul <t Dnluth. •18
ClsUUers..;..'.'..... 1414 Preferred.*. .-.::.=■.. W)i^
, General ESectrlc... 26 St. Paul * Omaha. 39i±
I Erie....'..;...-..:..;. 15 I Preferred.... 124
; l Preferred 34 St. P.M. 4 J1...... 109 '-
, • Fort Wayne. 160 ;" Certificates. 69 ; . '
. «-reat Northern pfdllO jSontnern Paafic. .. JB%
Green 8ay.......... Souttiern B. X..V..* -o*-»
Harlem. ..."... :.;"-2»4 •..< Preferred. ..;.:.- 2.*">ii
Kocitlng C0a1.;.'... 1 JSnpar Refinery ....110X4
Hockme Valley.... 16141- Prrierred.:...-....'1W)J,i
Komf^iate.. ....... S3 Term. CoaJ & Iron. 2114
IH. & Texas Ceau..- — ; Preferred....... ... 90
Illinois Central...— 83- Texas Padfle.-....-. 714
' lowa Central..;...: 7-t£ToLA.A.<fcN-aiieh.- — .
" :«Preferrecu.. ..;...' 38 Tol. * Ohio Cent... SO •?:
Kansas* Texas... .11 j : Preferred. 70 :"
;: • ■ Preferred 211-i Toi.?t.LonisiK-C. 5 "*-
Kimr«!on<t Pern.... S< ; l»referred.:r^r^:£s**S
: Lake trie * "Westn 17 ~ Union Pacific . •7 .
•.Preieired.....-;...^ 69»4U."P. Den A OaU.. - 2
Lake 5n0re.:.;..... 147 _. 'v. S. Censace..;... 4*4
National Lead..... 22 . j ■ Preferred.;;.:..^ Xi,
Preferred. 65 '- Gnarant«ed 17Vj
1 Long 151 and.;..... .. 74 ' 'C. S. Hxpres* 40
Louisville & Nash. 49 Vfe U. S. Leather , 7014
Louisville. NadtCb 7%; Preferred.......... 17Vi
"■ Preferred ';.:.• 17 ; U. a Rubber 17 ,
Manhattan Con sol. 97 i Preferred....;.... 73
Memphis & Charts. 15 Utlca&B. River.. l6o
Mexican Central...- 9 \Y ab. s. L, & Pac . .6%
Michigan Central.: 94 Preferred........ \ 16%
••"'pa & S. L.:....;. . Wells-Fargo.. '..„;. 95
f Preferred ; Western Union..... 82 %
Minn & St. Lcom. 16 r Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred..... . 75 Wheeling &L. E.. 9
2d preferred 45 Preferred. 1.'..1 .'.. 31%
Missouri Pacific... 21 Am Cotton Oil prd. 50
Mobile A Ohio 1 8% W. V. Beef . 71,4
£nshviile<fcChatt. 68 Ann Arb0r.........—
National Unseed.. 17% Preferred.......... —
x'«i'K Centrai •••'•'•• 101 i Brooklyn Traction. 81 14
A orth American... ;4%!fc:rie 2d pfd 19 i /t
' CXOStKO BONDS. '.-'•
V 8 4s, registered. . 108 MM T 2ds ■ 56
Do is. coupon ...1081/8 - Do 4s ..." ''■"■ H3IA
. V & 4s new, regstrdllbi* Mutual Unlon"6s'"ll4
- Do is, coupon. ...ÜBiVN J Cent Gen 6a. 118
Dois.. ......... -95 Northern Pac 113
P°6s ;..... 11254 Do2ds Hi
; y> ioa s . coupon.... lias/A • DoSds. env*
C? rf rO , lt a c e 7 45 l 1896 ™° Northwest Consolsl^O *
nS i«2s""-"— 10U Do deb 5s 110
»o 1898 10U 0R&N15t5.......105
Da 1899 «i ; — 100 StL&lronMtGenos 76
n r £«k 8 Of/95 " ■ ~7T St L* s F Gen 65.110V4
?£ %*.* .....:. ...109V4 St Paul Consols.... 129
£ A?* 8 A4s 103 »' PL& Palais... ll7
D0C1a5584,55,.105 -. | Do Pac Cal lsts.. llo
La Consoles 9514 Southern RP. ss. 89
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts! 84
A Carolina con 6%.. 130 Texas Pacific 2ds 19
„ D .° 49 \;--Y,--- 100 Union Pac lsta 96.103 Vi
So Carolina 4%5... 10-' 'West Shore 4*. 104
T*nnnew39 80 Mobile & Ohio 4s 64
v a funding- debt... Grande West lsts 74%
Doreclsteeed..... Ches * Ohio 55...
Do deferred 65... .5 lAtchlson 45........ 78*4
Do trust rcpts st. . 5 | D02d5A..... 391Z
CanadaSonth2ds..lo6" |G H A SA6s .. .!101
Cen Pac lsta of '95.100 1 Do2d7s n«
Den & Gist 11l H * Tex Cent 65.. 107
... **>:*»"•• —— H9! K Docon6s. 100
trle^ds.. ....;.* 62« Reading 4s ■ 76%
Kansas Pa Consols 6J«vl Missouri 65... 100
KaPalatsDen«llvll3 I
■•■---■:•''■-■-
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
C Oilman, Sacramento J Seaver, Boston .
G A Hayes, Boston Mrs G Seaver, Boston
« A Foppe. Sonoma . Miss C Seaver. Boston
Mrs Xj Nateman, Carson A E Eller, Chicago
*• Rand, Los Angeles M Haley, Chicago
1 Kenwood 4 wf.Sonora A Costelto, Saasalito
A H '-mith. Sacramento Mrs N' Jackson, Sacto
D Luna berg. by vile D Ettlie * wf, Bedding
A Johnson, Napa ii Francis, Davisville
v- swift * wf, Seattle E Berg & wf, Eureka
H Gray, Sacramento A F Nelson. Kureka
Jliss Nathan, Ls Angels J EnrUht, Redding ,
tt\f? t. .Nathan, *•» Ang J Andrews & wf, L Angls
s Pinchower. Cloverdale £ c Nelson, Chican
O \V arden, Los Angeles J E Dye, Jackson
L L Lyon, Denver Mrs Q Perry, Modesto
Mrs Hopkins, Vlley Frd P M Oontlin, Freino
t w eat headt tea « le T Graham, Santa Rosa
i- Wood, Pasadena J W i.orin:r, New V ork
a. T X ?? n »' A , lhainbr » F Campbell, Oakland
Mrs F Carr, Santa Rosa W Wood & wf, Sn Jose
C Settle *wf san Jose H Yates & wf, Meridian
v w?^i Red L'? luff Miss J Eraser, Ontario •
Mrs W liking 1 & d,R Bluff R Lincoln & wf, Capay
0 M Foote, Hoi lister '
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
1 M Crosslev&xv.Willets OCrossley, Stockton 1
1- i Crossley, Alameda f Martin & w. Stockton
X Matunere, Salinas lIEB .wles,Polut Arena
W Hayes, Fresno M M Merrill, Fresno
A. J Kohr, Sscto BL Garretty, Marysville i
• £ n -2 Dea £ an Dlego A p Campbell. Riverside !
Mi. H J . . 8 *w - Colusa Miss ■*• - iropson, Fresno
Miss x, White, Fresno C S Whitten.Los Aneeios
Miss M shields.Stockton A L Hembree.Snntaßosa
WO st, Kansas City - Mrs C Orlner, Colo
H G Southworth, Colo ■ M Romeo, Portland
Mrs Berg, Portland R Reynolds, Palo Alto
H \\ atson, Stockton c W dough. chico
R > II 1 more. Petal u ma B D Harvey. Santa Rosa
D J Ryan, Denver ; : P Hanniean, Omaha
V /'I BALDWIN HOTEL.
F A Lyon, Sacto ' Col P Sells, Ohio
A Christen, Chicago J S Punly, Paris
H H Tucker, Peking M FreidUnder,' Chicago
E a Coe. Boston W Goldle, Pa
A. A Lindsay, La T X Mellon, Fresno
J W Vanßrecklin, Seatl P J Keeler, I'hila
Mrs J p Bnrnett.Fresno Mrs Burnett, Fresno
Mrs H Howell, La G B Barham La
J Button. Palo Alto W R Clark & w.Stockton
Miss Clark, Stockton F R Devlin, Vallejo
Miss T Jones, Napa . F Smith. Napa
T Morton. sta Rosa L A Dillon, Sta Rosa
Miss U Cald well, Fresno J A Snider, Fresno
M Scott, La
palace HOTEL.
C M Ingram, N V LCVdePlnezyKowski, Par
F C Banford, San Jose H P Goodman, Napa
W B Muddock, Eng C L Knight, Foit Wayne
Mrs C Macfarlane, Mo - P J Kuler Phil
L G Fulton & w, Oregon J W Murton <few, Ontario
E H Lamme & w, Cal L Younc. 0 19 N
8 W Wesley, NY C H Post, N V
F r Rogers, Stanford . Mrs \V E Kelogg.Keokuk
E E Nelson, Chicago X Lord, Phlla
J W Patterson, Burling W M. Petrie, Sacramento
J Dunlpe, Spain
LICK HOUSE.
B S Hirscn, .p s Hirsch, San Jose
W Lampert. Sacto H Aifrey, Montana
W M Lanoor. ButteCity W M Lawler Jr, Sn Qntn
J X Lynch, Cal - L Anget, Rochester
W B Sanborn, Cal W Jones. Tulare
C Stewart, Berkeley J L Witney « w. Qtz Mtn
W R Carithers, Sta Rosa S M Buck, Eureka
James Simpson, Eureka H He.'ish, San Diego
C X TlllsOD. Modesto JB Klune, Sacto
B H Upnaxn. Martinez O V-Northey, Salphr Crk
V O frost, Merced -
; NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P Smith, Alcatraz • c 8 P.oal. Alcstraz
JMaean. NY .• A Ryan, Bells Station
J McGuirk, Boomerang J S Wallace, San Jose
Garcia * Perez, Paris G E Wilson. San JO3e
E A Gobble, Baker<field G P lewis, Los Angeles
5 W Premeu, St Louis A Walsh, Troy
W Henderson, Troy G Miller. Cleveland
A M Hobart, Cincinnati G R Gardner, Bramford
C W Griffith. Ontario •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
JfLY. 1596.
- — _ _ lhllL. — l Moon'sPhMe,
; 1 ' - 2 ' 3; * I^l*«Qniirt«r. :
! !! — V July a. 1
5. 6 7 8 9 10 |11 i — (
I I . jk New Moon.,
12 IS 14 15 16 ;17! 18 W Ju '- V 10>
19 20 21 22 23 24 125 3^15?%
2t( 27 |28 29
SO
■1 . |^ fall Moon, I
1^ July 2*J
OCEAN STEAMERS
D»tM of I>e>i>«rtnre From S*n Fr»nci«ro.
!<TI AM
I nPHTIXATIOSt.
»A!t.i
rrzK.
Santa Rosa. San Dle*o.. July B.llam Pier 11
W alia Walla Vie * Prt Hno Juiy 8. 9am Pier 0
P0m0na..... , Hnmbo!<Uß»T July 8. Km Pier .-*
*-nuto. ...... Coo« Jiar...... July 9.10 a* pier 13
Faranon ! Taaolna Bar.. July 9. 9am Jfier 2
C010n........ Panama...... JulrlO,l2 m PM3
It ftmi..... r»«WDori ...... JalS-lU Dam Pier 11
Dei Nona .. tirars Haroor Julrll, spm ._.
Anntralia... . Honolulu V. July 11. 10am C)oeanl<
City Pe tins. China Japan JuiVil. 3pm PX3!
BtaUOt Ca. I'oruand July l'J. 10am Pier J4
C0r0na...... San Diego..... Julvl2.llam Pierll
Cmaillla VJc & Snd Ju!yl3. Sim Pier
Ksrelta r >»woor: ... Ju!tl4. am Pier 1 1
Knn01......^ Grays Harbor. 15.12 » ; Pier '£
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
«TKAJ*KB
I
FRiIM
I U1«
Cra«e»as City... Cnsoaot ............ . .ju!y
St Paw .;.;...„ i Newport. .._ ..July
Famllon ..'. Vfcou:n» J8»r. ........... ..July
Nona f0re..... SumboM: Bay ......... ..JuiV
C turns ilia Victoria & I*ol*l Soaaa :.J«or
eitte or c«i Portland:..;;-;:...:.;.;.- .July
Del None Grays H&roor _„ ..Jnly
KautiDtl City... Qcmboldt July
Pan Benico Tacoraa....... ^_ ..July
liacJclnaw i;".^". 1>r0m&....;.u>.. ....... ..July
Ceron».'.'.i»...i-' San Uiesro-. ..........._ ..July
W*«ok. cm K1Ter.....'..^.. .. ..July
SnDOl...- Grays Martx>r ..Joly
KnrelD*...;..^.: Kewp0rt.;.^.. ;....'..... ..jnly
D0ric...........-; China and Japan .. July
ruuKou. ..... Kan O>«ml. ........_..... - ..July
Colnmoia ...... , P0rt1a0a. ...... ...„.;... ..Joy
Colombia. ' P&uama.. . July
Clryot Pool*.. Victoria & i»us»- *«— n ..Jn)y
SUN MOON AND TIDE
r. ■. COAKT *t» G*OD«TTO SrTBVXT.Troif >
- Bci.i.FTnr PrßLissiD st Official --. >•}• } :
AtTTHOXITY OF Tai iu?intnf tksdiwt. i ■
;» "' ' Wednesday, July (4.
Sanrisn 4. 541 Moon rises.... 2.20 am
Son seta -7.3tjj.Mpoa & -is .
Jnly-r-IS9G.
g ZiE! Fe« H^i Fe^t I^l Feet 22»f Feet
g|L \Vi II VVI -: LW] - H~Vv
SI 4.1-Jt— 0.8 11.49 4.U S.US
9 4.50— 1.1 12.25] 4 1 8.5S
0 5.*49 —1.2 I.oo] 4.5 '4.51 ;
.1 608 -1.2 1.31 4.7 5.*4
2 8.47-1.1 .2.02 14 6.40
H W • . L. V H ..
3 a.c 5.8 7.25 -a 7 2.34 .
.4 1 1.24 5 4 8.0? -0 I 3.07 ; •
3.51 » 16 6.1
5.4 JO.OI 6.2
3.X 10-*6 '- 62
3.qj1J.35 6.1
!£.ti
.■•- i. n ---'■-
i 5.2 7.3S 2.S
5.2 8.56 2.2
- OTK-In the above exposition of the tides tb«
i-arlv raorniag ttd^s are piven In the left farad
rolnma. arid the successive or the dar In th«
order of ocenrrence at to time. -.The second t'm
colnmn elves the veooad tide of the day. :h<- third
time column the third tide, and the last or rtbt
band column give* the Jaat tide of the dar *£££
when mere ". are but tnree tides, as sdrneViri?.
occurs height, C ire are addTt io^s to °^
S^ D e^°p a t S %4^SS
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
.-;:. Arrived/
-:'• • _ •:. TUESDAY. July 7.
r-.i 1 " Pomona. Dor . 16% hours fta Eureka:
pas* and indue, to GoodalL Perkins 4 Co. £ ' Bl " J **
w? \li » ~ M Dlnjn<l - Aielsen. 19 day. from
Honolulu; sugar and rice, to J D Spreckels * Bros
T>i^ hr S^rf 11 , 15 "* 1 " 1 ' 6 '-*»>■• fron » Columbia
Jiv«T, 340 Mft lumber. 10 Reed * Co. Oakland
direct.
_Schr We Wool, Donnelly, 8 day. from Grays
Harbor; lumber, to (Simpson Lumber Co.
bchr Allen A. Nctiage. '18 days from Kaaului:
Sb 6«» bags sugar, Ui Alexander & lisle win*
Sailed.
TUESDAY. July 7.
stmr Alice Blanchard. Dunham, Portland.
Brstrnr Progressist. Pinkham, Nanalmo.
Stmr Columbia. Bolles, Astoria.
Stmr Mineola, Pillsbury, Tacoma.
6>trur Albion. Lundqulst.
Stmr Barclay Golden, Lossius, Callao, via Aca
pulco.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Crur.
Stmr City "of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo.
Btmr Scotia, Olson, Rockport.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Slmr Weeott, Whitney, Port Kenyon.
Schr Moro. Jorgenson, Coquille River.
Sclir Nettie Low, Low, Poini Reye*.
Schr Reliance, Skipper.
Schr Chas Haasoii, Nielson, Kodiak.
Xeleirrnpliic.
POINT I.OBOS. July 7—lo p. it— Weathar
hazy, wind W: velocity. 8 .niies.
Domewtic l'orts.
COLLINS LANDlNG— Arrived July 7— Schr
Mary Etta, hence July 5.
SAN PEDKO— Arrived July 7— Sch Emma Clau
dina, from Eureka,
ASTORIA-Satled July 7— Stmr State of Califor
nia, for San Francisco.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived July 7— Br ship Jesso
mene, from Newcastle, NSW.
HE DON DO— Sailed July 7— Stmr Protection.
KL'REKA— Arrived July 7— Stmr Farallon, frm
Yaauina Bay. and sailed for San Kranctsco.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived July 7— Schr
Mary Ktta. from Collins Landimf.
Sailed July 7— *cb* Newark, for San Francisco.
NEWPUUT— SatIad July 7— stmr South Coast,
from Santa Barbara.
TACOMA— Arrived July 7— Bark Holllswood,
hence June 16.
MENDOCINO— Arrived July 7-Sctir W H
Phelps, hence JulV 4; stmr Point Arena, hence
July 6.
Foreign Port*.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived June 10— Br ship An
caios, from Tacoma.
UUEENSTOWX— Arrived July 6— Br ship Wray
Castle, hence Feb 9.
sailed July 6— Fr bark Dnchesse Anne, for
W'entport: Br ship Barttowie, for Hull.
YOKuhama— Sailed July 4-Br stmr China,
for San Francisco.
Arrived July s— Br stmr Empress of Japan, from
Vancouver.
TABLE BAY- Sailed June 11— Br bark Gra
nada, for Royal Koads.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived July 7— Stmr Southwark,
from Antwerp.
SaileiiJ-.il. 7-st mr i^hn, for Bremen; stmr
A v rani a, for Liverpool.
QUEENSTUWX—Arrtved out July 7— Stmr
MajeMic.
LIZARD- Passed July 7— Stmr Bonn, from
New York, for Bremen: stmr scandia. from llam
bure. for New York: stmr Amsterdam, from New
York, tor Rotterdam: stmr >pr*-e, irum New Y'orlc
sor Bremen.
ISLK OF WIGHT- Passed July 7-Stmr Patria
from New York, for Hamburg.
Importation «
EUREKA— Per Pomona— lll bxs batter, 643
M shingles, '2 cs saddlery, 7 pKcs mdse, 1 horse. I
cs shoes, 7 pkgs express, 1 sk com.
X R and X R R— 22 pkgs mdse, 61 tuns 6 kegs
217 bxs butter, 3 bols 5 cs cider.
' . Cc»n«t*r»«<*-»«.. . ■ ■ .
Per Pomona— Brigham, Hoppe & Co; J R Hanify :
L D Stone <fe Co: -Dairymen's Union : Pacific KM!
Co; Wheaton. Breon <& Co: Rush, Sanders <fc Co: X
Sweagey; Aroer Caro Acid & Gas Co; ilia Bros:
Hllmer, Bredhoff & Schulz: Norton, Teller <fc Co;
C X Whitnev & Co; OB Smith it Co; P 1! H »nnt;
Sanboro. Vail <fe Co; Wells, Fargo A Co: Cotnmer
cial Transfer Co. '
OCCAR «TEAJ«SHIP3.
O. R. ;o _dß3 3NT.
ASTORIA MPOBTIiHtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH ■ INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June 27, July 7, 17 and 27
Elate of California 5ai15...... J a'.y 2, 12 and 2'i
From s<pear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
GOODALL, PEBKINS A CO., Uenl. fupis.
¥. F. COX > OR, General Agent.
-■ . 630 aiarnet sire*.
PACIFIC (MIST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
ST-JLrot; Class.. SO.OO
Second Class OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montjwmfry Street.
GOODALL, PF.BKI!*« * CO..
General Agents.
PACinC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL HAH. FROM A£S
Broadway wharf, Wan Francisco, as jbß9£
follows: - -■
For Mary Island. Lorlnc WranreL Juneau. Xii-
Bsnuo and Sltka (Alaska), a: » a. m., July 3, 13,
- 1?«. tB %11 ■ . ■ '.-2. '. .
For Victoria and Vancouver fB. C.l, Port Towo
■end. SeatUe, Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom <Bellin«;ham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3 .13. i«. 23. 28. and every flftti
day thereafter, connecting -at Vancouver wtta
tbe C. f. R. R., at Tacoina with N. P. 8,. B_
at Seattle with O. N. Ky., at Port Townsend wlu»
Alaska steamers.
■. For Eureka. Arcata and Fields i*.r\<v^, (Hum-
boldc Bay) str. Pomona, 2 r. it. .1.1 y 5. 8 1:4
16 2J. v*. in and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cnz, Monter»y, Ran Simeon, Cayacc^
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota.~3anta
! Barbara. Ventura, Hueneaie. San Pedra East tsaa
| Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport. »• 9 a. x. July
2, o. !•■ .. Is, -*. -'• 30 and every iour;a day
thereafter.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Port Harfort
(San Lnl*i Oblnpo). Santa Bar^arv Port Los
Angeles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. it- -'uy :■.----. .2. ii. 2j. -i £- «.uJ every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Joss del Caba, Mazatlaa. La
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizibv
10 a. v.. ■■' y ;<ai!a;sjin'ii!..c.. ...o.un mr- re after
7 Ticxet office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
street. ■ ■■-
tiOODALI. PERKINS <k CO., Genl a cents.
--• 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII. SAMOA, La* HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Hi sir '
AUSTRALIA. %J S S. AUSTRALIA.
b.a ATJSTBALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Snedat pan? ra'es.
a S. MA it 1 - sails via HO.\OLVLC ani
AUCKLAND for BYOSEY, Tnursday. Ju . Si
SI 2T. It ■ - ■ ..:...
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust. jind CAPETOWN!;
Souta Africa. ... • ...
i. D. SPRKCKiLS * BROS. CO.. Airta.
114 com erv si
Freight Office. 327 Market st- &an Francisco.
COIPA6SIE 6ESER AL TRA JSATLAiTiqCB
French Lin** to Havr^ '
nOMPASrsPIKB{.\E\r),4SXoBTfI r% m
V, River, foot of Morton at. Travelers !>v SZMUO
this line avoid both transit cy Ka^lish railway aS
tee discomfort of I crossing the channel in a smU
boat. ' New Yore 10 Alexandria,' l-rynt, via i'ari*,
first-ciass $]«>: aecond-daas. flls. . .
i.A TOCRAIKE. Capt- SanttOU.. . .May Jlg.»
LA NORMANDIB :.; MaY ■?Bt«T
LA GAbCOOSE;.-^.. i..... '.j n e'"u7li
UGACCOO-NK.............. Jaly 4 6 a. «
U GAHXWKK. Jn!v« 11 a. U.
LA- NOKM A VDIK. ...... ......... An«M2stl. 5 2 it
LA BOURGOCXE. Capt. Leb-~uf Tune & 7Z Z
tO~ For farther Dsvrticalan apply to
w^ <»«» A.FOR«fer, ASWK.
«4nue. Sa^Fr^ctc^ » Montgoa^y
WHITE STAR LEB.
OBlted States tnd . Royi! Mall Stiantrt
Wew York, Queenstowr, & Liverpool.
SAILIXJ KVEKY Ki.K.
CABIN, (60 AND IPWARD, ACCOf.TV iji
mc to s:«amer and arooiumoduit»a« sfißl
■elect*-!; second cabin, *a» and *40; Maje^ac ut'l
Tentonlc. - Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land. .Scotland. Sweden, .Norway and Denmarfc
uzrough to San Francisco at lowest ratea. Tlckcita.
!~ Ila ?«.4S c! ' *»* ' cabin plans may be procured
irozn W. H. AVERT, racTflc Ma:! r>oct. or at ta*
Ocaexal Office of tbe CK&panv, 6 IS Marfc« Rtreos.
■BiW OOUd Hotel. <i. W. FLETCHER.
■ ■■_. —-. ■ -• Qaneial A gent Tor Pacific Coasu
ROYAL MAIL HHI PACKET COMPAH.
STEAMERS T.KA \ F ASriNWALL jQgg^
fonnichily for the "W'nat Indies aad "tfaa*as;
Bontbamptr):, calllnt; en route at Cerboortn.
TTHJirr: and Plymouth t« land passengers.
Tbrousrh bills of liwilrn?, In connection witn tbs
Paciiic M»n S. S. Co., Issuod for frelgnt and tree*
»retr. direct -pores In EneJand and Germany.
!■• Thrpucb. tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cbertfjrarc, Sonthampton. Firs: class, $195 ; third
alaaa, »P* 50. For fnrttn'T partlculara apply ta
3\aJEUIOrT & CO.. Amenta,
300 California su
-' STMXTOS : STEAHERS .
Leave Pier No. 3. Washirurton St.,
At 6 I*. M . Duly. i n-iglu rcottlved un
1« .:*» F. jI. p
SJT Accomoodr .ions Kescrvea by Telephone.
. sTKAAIKHs*: . . .
T. C. Walkrr, J. O. reter,.
Mary Garratt, * City of Stockton
Tatcpbtiße MaXn 805. Cat'Xav. Una Imin. Co
fALLEJa, %\U INL .\D. "SSlil^mJ
COSTA 450 CUKim.
• |>TK. MONTH E1. 1.0,
OaDy, except b»turday and sun;lai-— 10:30 a. m.
and ♦ *• *. : Saturday, 1O:3O *. m., »-^u > M
busday— « F. M_
• •♦». M.ooly. • . -
LudUctuuiMuriwiDROWNED IN THE
LAKE OF MYSTERY,
Willie Leach Meets the
Fatal Current in
Blair's Pond.
A WIDOW'S ONLY SON.
Was EDJoying a Holiday With
Friends When the Fatality
Occurred.
A VERITABLE DEATH - TRAP.
The Warning to Bathers Seems to
Hive Been Regarded as an
Invitation.
Oakland Office San Fbascisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 7. )
The lake of mystery near the Blair ranch
in the Piedmont bills has claimed another
victim. William Leach, a boy 16 years of
age, was drowned this morning while
bathing in the lake.
Young Leach was the only child of a
widowed mother, who is at present em
ployed as a domestic by James Stanley at
Mission San Jose. The boy lived with the
Arlett family on Brush street and worked
for a lithographing firm. Being a legal
holiday the lad was visiting in Piedmont,
where he formerly resided.
Leach and some other lads went hunt
ing this morning, and while his compan
ion hunted around the lake Willie de
cided to take a swim. When his com
panion saw Leach sinking he tried to
throw a plank to him, but he could not
reach it. No one else was near and Leach
drowned before assistance could be sum
moned.
In the center of the lake there is a very
cold current, and whenever a swimmer
reaches it he is invariably seized with
cramps. The lake is a veritable trap and
has claimed more victims during its short
existence than any other sheet of water in
the county.
About eight years ago there was a stone
quarry in the (ills. The workmen were at
their noontide meai when they heard a
great noise. Where a blast had just taken
place a great body o! water rushed up from
the earth. The men had barely time to
escape, and their tools and wagons were
speedily submerged.
The carts and implements are still at
the bottom of the lake, which has re
mained permanently. The sheet of
water is just about an acre in area and
is very deep in the middle. Over where
the spring is supposed to be there is an icy
current and every year since the quarry in
the hills became a lake it has claimed some
victims.
There is a notice posted near the lake
warning bathers that it is dangerous to go
into the water, but so far the warning
seems to have been regarded in the light of
an invitation.
The body of young Leach has not yet
been recovered, but friends will drag the
lake. The mysterious pond is located to
the right of the gravity-loop of the Pied
mont cable road. It is about a quarter of
a mile south of the entrance to Blair Park.
ALLEN WILL NOT BUN,
Urged by the Young Men's Popu
list Club of Oak
land.
Believes the Best Interests of the
Party Ceud Be Better
Served.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— The follow
ing letter is self-explanatory:
Madison. Nebr., July 3, 1896.
A. A. J)rninov—l)EAß Sir: lam in receipt of
your favor of the 24th nit It is very gratify
ing to me to know that my friends in Callior
nia are anxious for me to become a candidate
for the Presidential nomination, but I cannot
do so. Of course, I am sensible to the honor
tnat the nomination would confer upon me,
but I believe the best interests of the party re
quire the nomination of some other man. I
desire to be remembered kindly to all my
friends. I have the honor to be very truly
ours ' William V. Allen.
Mr. Denison, who is a prominent Popu
list of Aiameda County, wrote to Mr.
Allen urging him to permit the California
delegation to use his name. At a recent
meeting of the Young Men's People's
Party Club of this City resolutions were
passed indorsing him and urging his nom
ination at the St. Louis convention on the
22d.
A Golden "Wedding.
.- DANVILLE, Cal., July 7.— Rev. and
Mrs. R. 6. Symington of this place have
just celebrated their fiftieth wedding anni
versary, with t..e assistance of nearly 300
of their neighbors and relatives.
Mr. Symington was the founder of the
Presbyterian church. He has worked
years, faithlully and endeared himself to
the hearts of all in the surrounding
country. Th« ceremonies occurred in the
S rangers' Hall and lasted . from 1 3 to 11
V. m. Rev. Dr. llirschman of San Joae
made the principal address. Rev. Bur
peas, the present pastor of the church, fol
lowi-d, after which a poem written for the
occasion by J. R. Nolt, of Paso Robles,
was read by A. J. Young.
During the reception which followed re
freshments were served. ■",:: r
Unfortunate Misses Bills.
OAKLAND, ; Cal., July 7.— Miss Clara
Ellis, the young lady who was so myste
riously shot on : Webster,; street Saturday
night on her return from the Christian
Endeavor picnic, is reported as improving.
It is thought that the bullet which struck
her had glanced from the si iewalk, as it
was flattened and struck no bone to cause
it to lose its shape.
Miss Bessie Ellis, a sister of the injured
Eirl, was- recently, in an accident on the
Hay wards car on 1 the [Twelfth-street dam
and nearly killed." She was just beginning
to get around when her sister met with
her misfortune.
Father Gloria Appointed.- «. :
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 7.— Father Gloria
n»8n »8 received the appointment to the pul
>'lt of St. Joseph's Portuguese Catholic
Church, on Chestnut street, in West Oak
land, to fill the vacancy made by the death
vi Father Fernandez.
Father Gloria is well known and liked
»}' the Portuguese .members- of ; the Cath
olic church^throughout the county. ''■'
Synagogue to lie Moved.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 7.-The syna
gogue of the First Hebrew Congregation;
now situated on the corner of Thirteenth
and Clay streets/ will soon be moved to a
new and larger site on Twelfth and Castro
streets. Owing to the noise trom the
many car lines near the present location
a change has been contemplated for
some time. Owing to the size of the struc
ture it may have to be moved by sections.
The present site has been sold for $27,000,
and the new one will cost half that sum.
To Make a Park.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— A. D. Pryal,
chairman of the agricultural and horti
cultural exhibit of the Oakland Exhibition,
has issued a call for all nurserymen and
horticulturists to attend a meeting in
the exhibition building to-morrow after
noon.
He is planning to have a neat little park
arranged in the northeast corner of the
block on which tbe exhibition building
stands. It will include a running fountain.
Privileges Reduced.
OAKLAND, Cal., July y.-^heriff White
has issued orders forbidding prisoners
meeting visitors in the corridors. They
will now visit the office whenever they
wish to receive their friends.
This Is the outcome of the late jail
break. The attention of the Board of
Supervisors will be called to the need of
either a corrugated iron or steel netting
ior the roof.
Bolce in London.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— Harold J.
Bolce, an Oakland boy who engaged in a
controversy with Professor Howison of
the State IJniversity over philosophical
matters, which resulted in his being de
nied admission to the professor's classes,
is now in London and will edit a paper de
voted to the interests of South Africa,
where he has been some months.
Acme Club's Exhibition.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July 7.— The Acme
Club's exhibition, which was to have
taken place on last Saturday night, has
been postponed until Wednesday even
ing. The programme arranged for will be
faithfully carried out, with the exception
of the bout between Sharkey and Need
ham.
GILLAM'S MANY TROUBLES
A Man Who Lends Money at
Two Per Cent a
Month.
The Neighbors Resent His Taking
Away the Personal Effects
of Another.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 7.— John Gil
lam, a retired capitalist, created quite a
scene on Taylor avenue yesterday after
noon. He was attended by Deputy Sheriff
Al White, two express wagons and some
workmen. All the neighbors on the ave
nue took a hand in the uproar, and for a
time things were lively.
It appears that Gillam holds two chattel
mortgages on furniture and peisonal
effects in the house of Mrs. Thomas, 608
Taylor avenue, and yesterday afternoon
he sought to enforce his rights. The fur
niture and effects belonged to a Mrs. L.
Martinez, who some three months ago
dropped dead on Park street, near the
postoflice. Mrs. Martinez negotiated a
loan of $225 from Mr. Gillam last July at
2 per cent per month interest. Subse
quently she obtained a second lonn of $100
on the same security at the rate of 2% per
c ent per month. Mr. Gillam says he also
lent her, afterward, $65 on a Rold watch,
jewelry and other personal effects, which
were committed into his keeping then and
there-
According to Mr. Gillam the last two
loans were to enable Mrs. Martinez'
brother, named Klopper, to leave Cali
fornia for Australia. While Mrs. Mar
tinez was alive the interest was promptly
paid, though he ha 3 lowered the rate of in
terest half, but has been unable to collect
his money. Mrs. Thomas put him off
from time to time, telling him Kiopper
would send the money to redeem them.
Her last statement, so Mr. Gillam says,
was that the property belonged to Klop
per and her; that Mrs. Martinez had no
right nor title to it, and there would be
neither interest nor principal paid.
Giliaru then thought it was time to look
out for bis own, and while his assistants
passed the furniture, etc., out into the
front of the house the neighbors carted it
in again by the back way. While they
worked, they talked, and tbe harsh ad
jectives applied to the money-lender made
his ears tingle. Eventually he was suc
cessful in getting two wauon-loads of
household effects together. The remainder
the neighbors and Mrs. Thomas had put
into one room; then they locked the door
and tbe Sheriff was powerless.
Mrs. Thomas intends instituting pro
ceedings for the recovery of the effects.
She says they did not belong to Mrs. Mar
tinez at all and her estate has never yet
been probated. Mr. Giilam smiles, as he
hoids the signature of Mrs. Thomas as
well as Mrs. Martinez's to the mortgages.
Fired at a House.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 7.— The police
are looking for the individual who fired a
bullet from a Krag-Jorgensen rifle about
7:30 o'clock last night into tbe house of J.
L. Ansel. Mr. Ansel lives on tbe corner
of Santa Clara avenue and McPherson
s-treet. The steel missile entered through
the window and, after shattering it, pene
trated two partitions and lodged in the
wail beyond. Fortunately no one was
hurt, though Mrs. Ansel's nerves were
much upset. "Wit ii some idea of the pene
trating power of the new missile and its
lengthy range, the police are unable to ac
curately determine where the man was
when he discharged his gun.
Fraternal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 7.— The officers
cf Encinal Lodge No. 164, I. O. O. F., were
installed last night by District Deputy
Grand Mavter J. H. A pplegate. Alameda
Parlor No. 47, K. S. G. W., will hold a pub
lic installation of officers in Armory Hall
on the 20th inst., when W. H. Hynes, dis
trict deputy grand president, will preside.
The Native Daughters of Aiameda Parlor
were installed last night by Miss Murray
of Minerva Parlor, San Francisco. After
the ceremony the evening waa spent in
dan cine.
The Driving Association.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 7.— Various rec
ommendations were made last night at a
meeting oi the Aiameda Driving Associa
tion to make the track exclusive and pre
vent drivers speeding their horses the
wrong way.
The finances of the association are in a
flourishing condition. Messrs. Neal, Gard
iner and Got* were appointed as a commit
tee to make the necessary arrangements
fora race-meeting on September 9.
Brevities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 7.— A1l the pub
lic offices were closed to-day. The Educa
tional Board meeting has been postponed
till Thursday evening, and the meeting f
tbe Library Trustees till Friday evening
Otherwise the State holiday was not ob
served.
El wood Bruner has volunteered to con
duct the City Treasurer's defense next
Friday morning before Judge Ellsworth.
City Attorney Taylor cannot well defend
the Treasurer, as be has more than once
advised Mr. Wheeler to honor the war
rants drawn in favor of A. L. Fi»u.
The report of H. L. Morris, Justice of
the Peace of Aiameda Township, shows
that the fees earned in his court for the
four months ending June 30 amounted to
$465 25.
The Aiameda Auxiliary Woman's Suf
frage Association wiil be represented with
the County Political Equality Club at tlie
Oakland exposition.
Three well-bloomered young ladies, evi
dently strangers to the city, took posses
sion of the Park-street sidewalk with their ;
bicycles this afternoon. They careened j
against an elderly gentleman named !
Burgess, at the corner of Buena Vista
avenue, tumbling him over, and then
went on their way rejoicing. Fortunately
he was more dazed than hurt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
LONG LIFE OF
AN EXPRESSMAN
Death of General Manager
Cooper of Wells-
Fargo's.
ILL BUT A FEW HOURS.
For Half a Century He Has
Been Identified With the
Business.
NO RELATIVES IN THE WEST.
He Was a Widower, Had No Chil
dren and Lived a Very Retired
Private Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 7. j
E. M. Cooper, general manager of the
Wells-Fargo Express Company, died early
this morning at his residence, 933 Adeline
street.
Death was quite unexpected, as when
he left his office last Saturday Mr. Cooper
was in the best of health and spirits. On
Sunday evening he was taken ill suddenly
and he gradually became worse till death
relieved him, just thirty hours after the
first attack.
From his earliest days Edward Mason
Cooper had been interested in the express
business and had improved and developed
the service so much that he has often
been spoken of as the pioneer expressman
of the country. He was born in New
York State 64 years ago. For a long time
be w»s general manager of the American
Express Company, with offices at Chicago
and Kansas City, but he resigned to accept
the Western management of Wel.'s- Fargo.
When he first came to California he
moved to Oakland and lived here
ever since. After residing here for five
years Mrs. Cooper died. During her resi
dence here she was prominently identified
with several philanthropic movements
and was very popular. Since her death
Mr. Cooper resided at the game house
and lived a very quiet life. He took
no part in public affairs other than as a
citizen, ana was a member of the Pacific-
Union Club and the Athenian and Whist
clubs of Oakland.
Until 1893 the deoeased was general
superintendent of Wells-Fargo. In that
year the company was reorganized and he
was made the general manager of the ex
press department for the coast. He oc-
I cupied this position up to the time of his
; death.
The deceased leaves no children and he
is not known to have a relative in the
\Vest. He never fuUy recovered from the
shock he sustained by the death of his
wife. No arrangements will be made for
tbe funeral until advice is received from
relatives in the East.
Mr. Cooper was of a very kind disposi
tion, and all those who worked under him
feel their loss. He never acted on a com
plaint without civine the accused an op
portunity to defend nimself. By this and
similar actions Mr. Cooper was looked
upon as a warm friend of all those who
were under him.
WILL REBUILD AT ONCE.
Acheson's Hotel to Be Con
structed With Many Im
provements.
Public Librarian's Report for the
Month of June — Meeting of the
Ruskin Club.
BERKELEY, Cal.. July 7.— The Ache
son Hotel, which was burned out recently,
is to be rebuilt at once. It will be com
pleted by September 15.
The new Acheson, which is to be con
structed by I. A. Boynton of Berkeley,
will be a larger and more artistic struc
ture than the old one. It will contain
about forty rooms. Part oi the old walls
and floors were saved from the flames and
can be used in the new building. The
lower floor will be constructed or. a level
with the street and will contain a hand
some stone front.
The property is owned by Mrs. Acheson,
widow oi the late John Acheson, who
erected the old structure. The cost of the
improvements to be made will be about
$5000.
The old Acheson Hotel was one of the
historic buildings in Berkeley. During the
six months preceding the recent confla
gration the Duilding was unoccupied, A.
Berg, the last lessee, having given it up
after being raided by Marsiiai Lloyd for
selling liquor within the "mile limit."
Librarian* Report.
BERKELEY, Cai.,, July 7.-Librarian
Moore's report to the trustees of the public
library, for the month of June, shows the
attendance during the month at the three
branches to have oeen 6196 Of this num
ber 4092 v sited the Ka.-t Berkeley room,
1152 itie Lorin branch and 952 went to the
West Berkeley room. During the month
1561 books were borrowed, 77 per cent be
in^ works of fiction. Sixty-nine new bor
rowers'cards were issued, and 131 books
were added to the library.
Board of Education.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 7.— Bids upon
school furniture for the coming year were
received by the Board of Education last
night from five different furniture-dealers.
The bidders on t-taiionery were: E. P.
Bancrolt and H. D. Keisey of Berkeley,
and Payot, Upharn Company, the Whit*
i taker & Ray Company, and Cunningham,
! Curtis & Welch. Tue bids were referred
j to the Committee on Supplies.
The board decided to introduce drawing
in the lower grades of the school. It has
heretofore been taught only in the ninth
grade.
Principal Waterman announced that
j Professor Ardley of the art department of
• the university has volunteered to render
j assistance in the arrangement of the draw
ing courses.
Dl»ru«ilng John Raskin.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 7.— The Ruskin
Club wiil meet to-morrow night at the
residence of Mrs. Grover, on Cuanning
way. Charles A. Keeler will lead tlie dis
cussion, whicn will deal with the third
chapter of Ruskin's "Sesame and Lilies."
McKinley Le»[ue Meet*.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 7.— The irfc-
Kinley League held a meeting this even
ing and discussed the coming campaign.
The league's membership roll is rapidly
growing and vow contains nearly 200
names.
Interesting News Notes.
A case and a half of rancid butter,
shipped from San Francisco to a Berkeley
store, was seized yesterday by Health
Officer Roweli.
The Rev. H. A. Ketchum, D.D., of the
First Presbyterian Church, will return
this week from his vacation and will
occupy his pvlpit next Sunday.
A general clearing up of weeds from the
sidewalks of Berkeley is taking place.
SAVED THE HOTEL.
A Brush Fire Threatens a Historic
Building Near Hay wards
Fark.
HAYWARDS, Cal., July 7.— One of the
largest brusn fires in the history of Hay
wards started this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The beautiful public park just below the
hotel is now a field of ashes.
When the alarm was sounded nearly all
the town turned out to assist in subduing
the flames.
The fire had gained considerable head*
way in the park, but soon F. B. Hooson,
George Oakes, Dr. A. J. Powell and Wil
liam Zambreski were fighting the fire near
the cottages adjoining the park.
George Toyne. Hay wards' patriotic ora
tor, aided by directing the department and
thus saved the adjoining residences.
Particular interest was taken in this tire
for the Hay wards Hotel was threatened
and this caused the citizens to work the
harder to protect the historical building,
which was forty years ago brought in sec
tion around Cape Horn.
The citizens had a hard }ob preventing
the hre from spreading. Ihere were sev
eral burnt hands when the flames were put
out, but the hotel was saved and every
body was satisfied.
A Cottage Burned.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— A fire at
West and Twenty-second etreets to-night
totally destroyed a cottage. There was no
one in when tbe fire was discovered and
the place was gutted before the depart
ment arrived. A second alarm was turned
in by some unauthorized person, but there
was no danger of a large conflagration and
the damage was connued to one cottage.
An Kastern Principal.
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., July 7.— The
school directors have elected Mr. A. M.
Cunningham, who recently came from tbe
East, as principal of the school here. le
ia an educator of acknowledged ability
and will be a great addition to the locality.
Miss Wiltz was re-elected as his assistant.
Out of Danger.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— Mrs. Call
away, who was shot in a neighborhood af
fair some time aeo, has been removed to
her home from the hospital. She is out of
danger and will soon be able to be about.
A SUSPICIOUS BLAZE
Burning of a Small Stock of
Wheels That Were Well
Insured.
Fire Marshal Towe and the Police
Making a Careful Inquiry Into
the Matter.
Fire Marshal Towe and Lieutenant of
Police Bennett of the Potrero are investi
gating a mysterious fire th*t took place on
the corner of Solano and Kentucky streets
on the night of July 3.
The police are strongly of the opinion
that the blaze was of an incendiary origin,
particularly as the building was on fire
about two weeks previous.
About 11:15 o'clock on the night men
tioned several people on the corner were
startled by flames bursting out of a cy
clery owned by Michael Cuwck and John
Patterson, which occupied a small one
story frame building. An alarm was
sounded, and while waiting for the arrival
of the Fire Department bystanders quickly
removed all of the contents of the place.
The flames spread to an adjoining build
ing on the south, and to a branch office of
one of the daily newspapers on the north.
The cyclery was gutted and the roof de
stroyed by the time the department ar
rived, and the newspaper office was also
badly damaged. All of the stock of the
bicycle store was removed to the Potrero
poilce station, where it still remains.
The police began an investigation of the
case and found that the fire started in the
middle of the building against the south
wall. Also that there was $1000 insurance
on the building and contents. The build
ing which is a cheaply constructed affair
is owned by Cusick & Patterson. The
contents, so far as the investigators can
learn, consisted of some tools, five whole
bicycles and a quantity of parts of bicy
cles.
It is said that Cusick <fc Patterson claim
that they had seventeen bicycles in the
store at the time of the blaze. Charles P.
Gibbons, the adjuster for the Atlas Insur
ance Company, which carries the $1000
policy, made an examination of the prem
ises yesterday, but ho will probably make
no report uutil after the Fire Marshal and
the police complete their inquiry.
Cusick and Patterson stated to Lieuten
ant Bennett that at the time of the fire
they were in Stockton, but a lady residing
in tne vicinity told the lieutenant that she
saw Patterson in the store between 5 aud 6
o'clock on the day of the blaze.
Fire-Marshal Towe will to-day examine
the owners of the building and a number
of witnesses. They are determined to sift
the matter to the bottom and learn, if pos
sible, how a fire could have started in such
a store — one devoid of any light inflam
able material.
As stated, this is the second time in two
weeks that the place has been on tire. The
other time the flames were discovered on
the floor, near the counter, but the discov
ery was made in , time to ■ prevent them
from spreading, and at that time the daze
was attributed to spontaneous combustion
from a pile of oily rags. ,
•—• — ♦ — ♦- .
A PUBLIC BENEFACTOR.
Penny-ln-the-Slot Savings Banks In
tended to Foster Frugality.
Signor Artom has introduced in Italy
the penny-in the-slot savings bank, plant
ing these receptacles hee and there in the
towns and cities in places where the poor
can find rcadv access to them at all hours
and where they can make their deposits
without any deiay or formality. The de
pository is an automatic bank consisting
of a cast iron dox or pillar in which there
are three apertures— one for the reception
oi the coin, which is a 10-centime piece;
another for its rejection if it is f *lse or of
light weight, and from the third a receipt
for the deposit is given. When a number
of these, not le3s than five, is collected
they may be exchanged for a book ot the
reguiar savings bank.
These pay interest at the rate of 4 per
cent, and the depositors are likewise en
titled to a share in the profits which the
bank derives from its operations. The
plan had its origin in Padua and has been
extended to Milan an J other cities, prom
ising to become popular all over the coun
try. It has been found a powerful incen
tive to thrift wherever it has been tried.
Miss Helen Zimmern, who writes about it
in The Leisure Hour, recommends its in
troduction into England. She says it is
true that they already have the peuny
bank there, but that it is hedged round
with restrictions as to time and place,
whereas the penny-in-the-elot depository is
available at any and every hour and can b«
put up anywhere, holding out its perpet
ual invitation to frugality and saving.
There is not the least doubt that it is a
capital thing and would he as useful here
as anywhere else. Whoever follows the
iead of Bij»nor Artom and successfully
promotes its adoption in this country will
be a public benefactor.
Movements of Tran«- Vtl»utin Stainar*.
LIZAKD— I'iunfrfl July 8-Stmr Bt Paul, from
Ptw York for Southampton.
BITTER STRUGGLE
FOR STELLA BAKER,
Her Mother Charges a Con
spiracy to Get the
Girl Away.
STRONG DENIALS MADE.
Rev. Marshall Law Says Mrs.
Baker's Story Is Incor
rect and False.
STELLA SANG IN HIS CHOIR
The Girl Was Neglected, and Her
Father Consulted the Pastor
on the Matter.
Oakland Officb San Feancisco Cail.)
908 Broadway, July 7. J
One of the bitterest fights ever made in
a court of law for the possession of a girl
is the struggle now going on over Estelle
Baker.
Her father, who has been divorced from
her mother for several years, is suing
for a modification of the decree so
that he can have possession of the girl.
To-day her mother openly charged Mar
shall Law, rector of the Church of the
Advent with entering into a conspiracy
with her ex-husband and a Mrs. Parker to
take the girl from her.
Stella Baker is a beautiful girl about 16
years old. She is well educated and a fine
singer. For some time she has been a
member of the choir in Dr. Law's church.
The present fight to be her guardian is
rather more interesting because of the fact
that she is the only heir under the will of
a rich aunt who resides at San Jose, and
will one day bo fairly rich. In his com
plaint, Baker alleees that the girl has been
neglected by her mother, has been per
mitted to enter into indiscreet compan
ionships and that she eventually came
under the notice of Mrs. Prescott, the
president of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children.
Mrs. Baker has been a teacher in the
public schools of San Francisco for twenty
years and has brought up her children
without any help from her husuand, whom
she says she was glad to be rid of. She
did not ask for alimony, as she knew he
was not able to pay it. She is the daughter
of Mrs. Carey, a,* prominent' and well
known philanthropist of San Jose.
According to the statement of Mrs. Ba
ker, made to her attorney to-day, she has
been a victim of her husDand's deception
ever since they were married.
"When I married Baker twenty-two
years ago ne was a widower and I was a
widow," said Mrs. Baker. "He told me he
bad been obliged to get a divorce from an
unworthy woman and that he had no chil
dren. I afterward learned that his first
wife obtained the divorce on the ground of
failure to provide and cruelty and that he
had three children.
"In the second place Baker was a preacher
and exhorter at an M. £. church at Vai
lejo until he was invited to leave because
of some transation in which he figured at
the navy-yard. Eventually I was forced
to get a divorce, and 1 have been teaching
ever since.
"About two years ago Baker came to me
and asked permission to take Stella to
lectures for the purpose of broadening her
ideas. I permitted it and gradually he
tried to poison her mind against me.
When I went to the springs a few
weeks ago for the benefit of my health
I left Stella with Mrs. Parker. My
daughter, although brought up a Con
greeationalist, was admitted to member
ship in Mr. Law's church without my
consent, and she has told me that the
pastor kissed her and told her that he
would like to go to Australia with her.
While away from home I wrote to Stella
and got no answer, and also to Mr. Law
and got no answer. When I returned
I found that Stella had been allowed to
run about and had been put in the Chabot
Home. I have learned enough to convince
me that Dr. Law, Mrs. Parker and Mr.
Baker have entered into a conspiracy to
take the girl from me. Whether for her
self or for the money they expect her to
get some day Ido not know, but I shall
fight her father's application to the end."
Rev. Marshall Law was seen at his borne
to-night and said: "I have nothing more
to »ay than that the story has no founda
tion. It is fake. Our church is open to
ail who may come. Can I say who is to
be permitted' to come or pick "out one to
stay away? 1 can't see how a woman with
the standing of that woman can get a
hearing at all. I have no study in the
church. • 1 have never mot the child in
the church. I have taken a great deal of
interest in the girl, for she had no atten
tion.
"1 never treated her differently from the
way I have treated fifty or seventy-five
others. I never allowed her to touch the
choir vestments, owing to her filthy con
dition, although she was a good musician.
I don't know wbat in the! world I'd wtnt
of her. I have three children cow that I
find it hard enough to care for. It was at
Mrs. Baker's urgent solicitation that
I secured £stelle a situation. I have
her letters upstairs now. Mr. Baker never
asked me to do anything for her nor him
self in his life. I have always thought
that a girl of her ability should have bet
ter chances than she is Letting. She may
be too old now to be restrained, as she has
always had her own way. No one has
ever asked me where Estelle was staying
but I have answered them. At Mrs.
Baker's own request I gave her a let
ter of dismissal to St. Luke's Church in
San Francisco, and she has not been a
member in our church for two months."
Mr. Baker and Estelle were present
during tlie interview. Baker said he
came over from tne city at tne request of
his attorney. Judge Gibson, and produced
the letter making the request. He was
passing Mr. Law's house when the latter
gentleman called him in to talk in regard
to the girl.
Stella was asked if she ever told her
mother that Mr. Law had kissed and held
her on hi 3 knees. She said 4t no" most
emphatically. She denied ever telling
her mother that Mr. Law was going to
Australia and would take her along. She
declared that her mother had suggested
that herself.
"I told mamma Mr. Law was going to
Australia. She asked if he was going to
take mealonsr. I said: 'No, of course not,'
I said Mr. 'Law was the best preacher I
ever heard, that all the children liked him
and that I hoped he would not go."
When asked if she ever said that he
wanted to marry her she laughed and with
an emphatic no, turned her head and said:
"I never heard of such stuff. I wish you
would rub all that out" When the doc
tor was talking she said: "Dr. Law, I
hope you don't believe I ever said any
thing'of the kind."
Mr. Baker tells thft following story:
"Mr. and Mrs. Parker, where Stflila was
staying, came to San Francisco to see me
and tell me how Stella was getting along.
Tnay told me how her mother neglected
her. I came over and saw her. They
came after me a second and third time.
She was working as a domestic in private
families. Her mother has an irresponsi
ble mind. Judge Gibson, my attorney,
Auction Sales
GEO. F. LAMSOS, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 lo Kearny Street.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
Of Magnificent Piano , Furniture, Car-
pets, Draperies and Bric-a-Brac,
THIS DAY.
Wednesday July 8. 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. M., on the premises,
1115 Geary St.. Near Van Ness Avenne,
■ COMPRISING
Magnificent Bijou Grand Upright riano. Prince &
Bon makers, New York, especially selectsd piano,
carries with It a 10-year guarantee, nor $450:
2 Magnificent Parlor Sets, made to order: 25 Odd
Chairs and Rockers, superbly upholstered; Per-
fectly Magnificent Window and Alcove Draperies,
costing from 9100 to $800 per window; Royal
Lace Curtains; Valuable . Pictures; Splendid
Bronze. Etruscan and Japanese Ornaments: Kle-
Kant Mahogany Parlor- Cabinet; Royal Wilton,
Moquet niid Body Velvet Carpets; '2 Splendid
Crimson Silk Lonit Couches in billiard-room, with
draperies to match ; Kleuan t Polished Oak Cham-
ber Suits and Folding Beds, with White Hair Mat-
tresses and Extra Bedding; '2 .Sideboards: Large
Kxteiision Table; I toy Couches In chambers;
Hall Hat-Stand; fir* and < Burglar Proof bate,
with a great variety of other rich furniture.
JB3T Attention especially called to the Grand
Piano and splendid Draperies in this elegant home.
Tebms— Cash. -tfjuan amni 1 niiM
•' ' .-.:.•- :QFO. F. LAMSON. Anctionxr.
to-day sent for me to come over to consult
over a plan of compromise."
A VALUABLE ESTATE.
The Late A. K. F. Harmon Left Prop
etty Worth Nearly Two Hun
dred Thousand.
OAKLAND, Cal,, July 7.-L. G. Burfee,
W. J. Dingee and C. O. Alexander, the
appraisers of the estate of the late A. K. P.
Harmon, have filed their report with the
County Clerk. The total valuation is
placed at $194,683 55. Of this, $8729 is in
cash, 100 shares capital stock of the Bank
of California, valued at $24,000; ten shares
of the Security Savings Bank stock, $2600;
220 shares of tbe Pacific Steam Whaling
Company, $11,000; one-sixteenth interest
in the bark Geo. S. Homer, $1000; notes,
$6100.
The real estate consists of the home
place, corner of Webster and Twenty
second streets, valued at $100,000, and
property in San Francisco valued at $24,625.
ARRESTED AGAIN.
Charged With Assault With a Deadly
Weapon.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7. — Robert
Sternitzy is locked up in the City Prison,
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon. Sternitzy is only 19 years of age,
but this is his second arrest. A short time
ago he was arrested with one Opdyke,
both of whom were charged with burglary.
Opdyke was sent to a reform school, but
Sternitzy was acquitted in the Superior
Court."
Sternitzy got into ?n altercation yester
day afternoon with a groceryman at the
corner of Tenth and Center streets. The
latter swore to a warrant later, which re
sulted in the youth's arrest. He will
plead to-morrow.
BICYCLISTS TO PARADE.
They Will Take a Spin Over
the New Folsom-Street
Boulevard.
A Strong Though Silent Piotest to
Be Hade Against the State oi
Some Streets.
"We won't have any carriages. Those
who don't know how to manage a wheel
will have to hire horses and go as aids to
the grand marshal, or else stay away."
This was the fiat issued at last night's
joint meeting of the South Side Improve
ment Club and the Cycle Board of Trade.
Mr. Conwell of the last named organiza
tion presided and about thirty leading
members of both societies were present.
The meeting bad been called for the
purpose of arranging a grand bicycle
parade on the night of the 25th
instant in honor of the completion
of the Folsom- street boulevard. There
was some discussi on as to the route to be
followed by the procession, it at length
being decided to start from the intersec
tion of Folsom and Twenty-third streets,
proceeding along Folsom street to Sixth,
to Market, to Kearny, countermarching
on Bush street ana going to Van Ness
avenue by way of Kearny and Market
streets and Golden Gate avenue.
"But Sixth street is all full of cobbles,''
pleaded Dr. Rottanzi.
"So much the better," retorted A. B.
Maguire, warmly; "if the people see thou
sands of cyclers obliged to dismount and
lead their wheels, owing to the villaiuous
streets, what stronger public protest can
we desire?"
"I'm gome in a carriage," grumbled
Rottanzi.
"Not much," responded a score of
voices, and four-wheeled vehicles were ta
booed. A motion to have the addresses
and musical programme given in Ein
tracht Hall, on Twelfth street, was lost,
Chairman Conwell remarking:
"We expect about 5000 wheelmen and
wheel women, and there is no hall in the
City large enough to hold them and their
wheels.
It was decided that a platform be erected
on Van Ness avenue near its junction with
Market, from which tne speakers will ad
dress the assemblage. The City officials,
Charles M. Shortndge, J. H. Barry,
Samnel M. ShortrHge, and Congressman
Maguire and other well-known orators
are to be inviteJ. Messrs. Schwartz, Mc-
Ewen, Varney, Wheeler, Marweuel and
A. B. McGuire being appointed a commit
rnittee to confer with the proposed
speakers. Messrs. Kenny, Raabc and
J. W. Mflnuire were appointed 3eo to the
erection and decoration of the platform
This brought Mr. Maguire to his feet.
"At the last parade," he protested, "I
bought the lumber for the platform, paid
for it out of my own pocket, put the thing
up and took it down, and have had the
rheumatism ever since. I would rather be
reincarnated than go through the same
mill again."
The chairman modestly disclaimed any
intimate experience with rheumatism and
reincarnation, but provided against any
monetary crisis by appointing Mes.-rs.
Samuels, Wheeler, Centre, Hamilton,
Lenny and Kenny as a finance committee.
Captain Raabe was appointed grand
marshal, with power to select as
many mounted aids as he might think
proper, and with the additional charge of
securing an adequate police escort. Mr.
Kenny was deputed to secure a division of
uniformed police officers on bicvclus for
tne parade. Messrs. Schwartz, McEwen
and Rottanzi were constituted a press
committee, and the music was left in
charge of the committee on parade. f
The committees urgently desire that
the stores and houses along the line of th«
parade be decorated, or at least illumi
nated. A number of valuable prizes will
be awarded to the best decorated houses,
bicycles and tandems, for ths moit anti
quated turnout, etc.
A gentleman present happened to ex
press a hope that the south side people
would not be offended at the selection of a
location north of Market street for the
speeches.
"Offended !" ejaculated J. W. Maguire.
"We want the northern section of the City
to be waked up. \Ve south of Market
street folks are lively euoueb, but you
people over the line are deader than old
Pharaoh."
AUCTION SALE!
fe fe>
FINE WORK ANIMALS,
At 11 o'clock a. x., on
TO-MORROW
Thursday -- - - July 9, 1896,
AT SALES YARD,
Corner Van Ness Aye. and Market St.
Horses now on exhibition at yard. - These horses
are suitable for vegetable or milk wagons and
general purposes.
KILLIP & CO., Livestock Auctioneers,
■ - 3O Montgomery St., S. F.
IN RATIFICATION,
The Junta, the Buckleyites
and the National
Game.
RIVAL SHOWS AHEAD.
The Junta Will Ratify Outdoors
and the Buckleyites in
a Hall.
EACH WILL OUTDO THE OTHER.
Democrats May Go to Metropolitan
Hall or to Grant Avenue Satur
day Nigbt.
Watch for the Democratic ratification
next Saturday night— that is, if anything
to ratify appears by that time.
It will be a "double-header." The Junta
and the Buckleyites will ratify in compe
tition and the chief spirit of the proceed
ings will come from the rivalry of the
divided factions.
The Junta will ratify on Grant avenue
sireet corners and the Buckleyites will
ratify in Metropolitan Hall with overflow
meetings on the side. Both organizations
will endeavor to get up big street parades.
The odds appear to be with the Buckley
ites just now on account of their superior
numbers, on account of their having a
hall and on account of their representing
the silver element of the local party.
The Junta gold outfit has not yet been
able to exhibit much enthusiasm over tha
prospective silver platform and silver can
didate of the party, but it will make the
best showing it can, and it has decided
that the chances of its drawing crowds are
better on down-town street corners than
in a hall.
Committees on both sides decided on
ratifications last night. The Junta outfit
went ahead regardless of the Buckleyites,
which the ratification committee ap-
Dointed by Chairman Sullivan re
garded as unworthy of notice. This
committee decided to hold ratification
meetings on the Grant-aveaue street cor
ners, from Market to Bush, according to
the crowds that assembled. No definite
arrangements about a parade were made.
No speakers were definitely engaged, but
it was decided to extend invitations to the
following speakers, a number of whom are
likely to be conveniently absent so as to
keep themselves out of the factional mess:
P. J. Harney, William Craig, Clitus Bar
bour, Robert Ferral, Thomas J. Clunie, Joseph
Leugett, Joseph P. Kelly, James 11. Barry.
James F. Smith, W. H. Wilson, W. J. Biggy,
Dr. T. A. Rottanzo, H. T. Creswell, Charles A.
Sumner, C. Gesford, W. H. Alvord, Eugene A.
Deuprey, Joseph I. Dimond. Joseph E. O'Don
nell, J. T. Butter, Samuel Braunhart, Patrick
Reddy, P. M. Wellin, B. J. Seiberlich.
The ratification was the principal busi
ness before the regular meeting of the
executive committee of the regulars at
935 Market street, over which Chairman
M. J. Donovan presided. At the
last meeting a committee consisting
of Joseph Rothschild, T. M. Treacv.
James H. O'Brien and H. M. Kelly had
been appointed, but the committee had no
plan to report. At the same meeting the
district clubs had been asked to meet and
express their wishes in regard to a ratifi
cation, and reports were heard from
every district. This was in striking
contrast to the methods of the Junta,
in which organization the ratification and
the committee therefor was a result of a
meeting of Gavin McNaD, M. C. Hassett
and Chairman W. P. Sullivan. The re
ports from the eighteen districts were
about equally to the effect that the dis
tricts were iii favor of an independent rati
fication, and in favor of abiding by any
orders of the ratification committee.
During the discussion Joseph Roths
child and others expressed the feeling
that the organizat'on should join with all
Democrats and sink for the time all local
differences, but after the urging of the
consideration that the other camp bad
gone ahead as thoviph they constituted all
there was to the local Democracy it was
decided to reJer tie whole matter to the
ratification committee with power to act.
When the meeting adjourned the com
mittee decided to hold an independent
ratification, and Metropolitan Hall was at
! once secured for Saturday night.
There will thus be two Democratic rati
fications, one by the Dagcett-Rainey gold
crowd on Grant avenue corners, and the
: other by the Buckleyites at Metropolitan
! Hall and adjacent regions. The Buckley
j ites will turn out in great force, get tlie
biegest and most eloquent speakers it is
i ossible to secure, hire bands, build bon
fires and whoop up the end of the party
with which they are in sympathy.
Both factions will effect further detailed
arrangements to-day.
FREE TRANSPORTATION.
The Electric tine Will Help the Oak.
land .Exhibition.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 7.— At a meeting
of the board of directors of the Oakland
Exposition, held last night, many new
applications for space were received by
the superintendent. With these the en
tries are almost double those at the open
ing of the exposition last year.
The finance committee reported in favor
of setting aside $75 for prizes in the art
department. The report was adopted.
Secretary A. i.. Stone of the Oakland,
San Leanuro and Haywards electric road
notified the board that his line would
haul all exhibits free of charge from the
power-house on this siile to their Oakland
depot. It was greatfully acknowledged
and the offer will be accepted.
1 =
a Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABSYST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Discuses, Lost Manhood. < Debility or
disease wearingon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. l'hedoctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnr«nrn»ran(r»d. Callorwrite.
Or. J. V. uIBBOKi Box 1937. 5 an Francisco!
1314
DISEASE MICROBES
HOLD MERRY SWAY
Revolting Condition of the
Three Chinese "Hos
pitals."
FEMALE SAMARITANS.
Remains of a Chinese Left Five
Days in a Room With
the Sick.
PATIENTS WHO ABE STAKVING
Strong Words of C ndemnation for
the Inaction of the Board of
Health.
There Is at present existing in China
town in three of the so-called Chines«
"hospitals" a condition of affairs that
could hardly be conjured by the most
powerful imagination. These chambers
of death and < incase are located off Pacific
street, between Stockton and Dupont.
The alley leading to them is narrow and
filthy, and the cvior arising from decayed
animal and vegetable matter is something
sickening. Forty different odors struggle
at one« for the undivided attention of the
olfactory nerves, and each seems to stand
a* good a chance as its fellows.
Near the end of the alley three doors
are visible. Each of them represents the
entrance to a "hospital." One is under
the supervision of the Kwong Chow Com
pany; the next, of the Hop Wah, and the
last of the Nien Yung Company.
The condition of the first, as viewed last
evening by a Call reporter in company
with two ladies, one a teacher in a Chituse
Mission school and the other a private
tutor of the sons of wealthy Chinese, may
be briefly stated as follows:
After "entering the door it was found
necessary to proceed through a narrow
passageway filled with tin cans, bottles
and foul-smelling rags. Tnis narrow
passageway led into a small room. In it
were three small cots, each of which had
an occupant. The only lamp in the room
was a small affair filled with Chinese nut
oil — the kind used by opium smokers.
The first Chinese lay upon one blanket
and was covered by a sheet infested with
vermin. His hollow cheeks and listless
mien told only too well the disease with
which he is affected— dread, inexorable
consumption.
On another cot lay a Chinaman
whose only pillow tvas a bundle of
rags tied together with a bundle of cord
age. A part of his body was covered witn
a tattered overcoat. He frequently
moaned as if in pain.
•What is the matter, John?" sym
patliizingly queried one of the women. A
thin, bonyarin was thrust from under the
coat and feebly grasped a long cherry
wood pipe- But there was no response.
The physical wreck was evidently in the
last stage of starvation. Weauened by his
habit of opium-sinoking, he had been
forced to seek this vile hole, and then with
no food to assuage tbe pangs of hunger,
had slowly wasted away until only a skel
eton remained.
"Why," snapped one of the ladies in
dignantly, "we brought these poor crea
tures food when we discovered their con
dition and loft it with theiu. And we had
hardly left the place when Chinese tramps
entered and themselves ate everything in
sight. Tnis happened many times before
we discovered it. and we had to remain
with them and see them eat the food to
make sure it was not gobbled up by
others."
Crossing the narrow apartment she acts
the light of the lantern on another Chi
nese. He was more comfortably provided
for than the others, inasmuch as the
blanket over his body left no part unpro
tected.
"How are you to-night?" she asked.
"reel bettab now," said the fellow, with
a smile.
"When we discovered this man," the
lad} continued, "he was nearly starved.
We have gradually fed him into fair con
dition, but he is still badly afflicted with
rheumatism. The Chine-e companies
that run these dens are rich and could
easily provide for their ailing fellow-coun
trymen, were they so inclined. By threat
ening to expose them we prevailed upon
them to whiiewash a part of the room. It
was something awful to see it before
that."
It was learned from tbe Chinese that
they are oblieed to get up from their beds
and cook their own food each day ; that is,
when there is any to cook. An instance
was mentioned of one Chinaman who got
up and cooked his food one day and died
the next.
These two women, with no assistance at
all, have been for weeks endeavoring to
alleviate the pain and suffering of these
poor wretches, but they have been greatly
handicaped by their sex and the opposi
tion of the Chinese companies.
Where the passageway emerged into the
room stood a board laid across two tres
tles. This was the siab for corpses. The
ladies state that when they came down
last Monday the slab was occupied. The
sick Chinese said it had been there two
days. They at once made complaint to
the companies, out when they returned on
Wednesday it was still there.
During these five days the body bad
bloated ana putrefied until they could not
bear to enter. And ail the time these
three sick Chiuese occupied the same
apartment. Thursday the corpse had dis
appeared.
A door leads from the passageway into
another room. This door is kept locked.
In it are kept the bones of Chinese, dug up
some time after burial, to be shipped to
China in accordance with the Chinese su
perstition and there interred.
The "hospitals" of the other two com
panies arc occupied by Chinese suffering
from various malignant di.-eases. One of
them has- a cancerous growth wh cb might
with proper medical attendance be safely
removed. If the man remains amid his
present environments he is certainly
doomed. The sad, suffering expression
with which he greeted these female Sa
maritans was pitiful.
One of the men is almost blind and
totally unable to help himself in any way.
"We have repeatedly notified the lioard
of Health of ttie condition of these poor,
suffering wretches," said one of the ladies,
"and yet they have not taken a step to
alleviate their misery. It was only last
Wednesday that I* telipnoned Health
Officer Lovelace about the matter, and he
has done absolutely nothing. We might
as well have no Board of Health."
TO INiP_LT __TILLEBY.
Major Field Ham Comr From the East
to Asinnie an OOtcial Ponition.
Major Edward Field arrived here yes
terday Irom Fort Adams, Newport, R. I.
He has been appointed inapftciorof artil
lery of this department, under General
Forsythe.
Hi? headauarters will be in the Pheian
building with the regular military offices
already there, ana his residence' will be
Bomewhere in this City, for he is accom
panied by his wife and by his son, Alex
ander Field, the family being at present
guests at the Occidental.
The position which Major Field has
come to fill has been officially vacant since
John I. Rogers went East a year ago with
General Miles, but Lieutenant Landers
; has been acting inspector.
All heavy and lignt artillery hereabouts
will be carefully inspected arid the proba
bilities are that Major Field will visit all
the posts on the coast where artillery is
in use.
•—• — • — . •
Attempted Criminal Assault.
Edward Hnyaen, an ironworker living at 9
Academy street, was arrested yesterday by
Officers McMurray and Holbrook of the So
ciety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren on the charge of attempting to crimi
nally assault his ten-year-old daughter. The
attempt is alleged to have been made last Fri
day night. The girl ran screaming to the
house of Mrs. Newell, 1524 Missior street, who
reported the matter to Rev. Dr. Dilleand he
notified the society.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
/10 Market street, open until 12 o dock everj
eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-630 Montgomery ttnn
eornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epaa
•DtU 0 o'clock.
3518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, opes nnttl 9:80 o'clock,
SOIICK OF MEETINGS. •
fTp" CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. at "
B=jß' and A. M.— Called meeting THIS ._%
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 P. M. D. 2d. BylTjP
order of the W. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec. /V>
■S5K=» MISSION LODGE NO. 169. F. m
"536* and A. -M Called ' meeting THIS A.
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 "^S/jf
o'clock. Third degree. ■By order of the *~ir\
W. M. . . . ■ CD. BUNKER. Secretary.
m^S* MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. a
I tSZ& 44, F. and A. M Meeting THIS iV
' .(WEDNESDAY) ..EVENING at 7:301T3f
I o'clock. . Fi.st degree. - . /H^\
• THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
W^S= EXCELSIOR LODGE NO. 166. F. _
» ; -»' and -. M.— Special meeting THIS -A
! (■WEDNESDAY) EVENING, July 8, at \w
7:30 o'clock. Third degree. 'V^
; THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
i jj^Jga MORSE LODGE NO. 267, I. / j >
tk^ O. O. F.— lnstallation of officers ;^*«*fe
THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING, %aBß~^
■ July 8- All members are requested to ''w/lUv s '-
be present. Visitors cordialiy invited.
C. A. 8. ANDERSON, N. Q.
. C. Bbixd, Bee Sec. . . • ,
|_2y=» V. O. F.— VETERAN ODD --V"i|j|---"~
"C-» r Fellows will meet at the grand _^^fe_l
secretary's office. Odd Fellows' Hall, -=3?jS!" > .~sr
ion WEDNESDAY EVENING, July -^5'««« ! *
jB, at 7 :30 sharp for the purpose of paving a frater-
nal visit to Cosmopolitan Lodge No. 194.
C. O. Bur-tost. - . W. S. DRYDEN,
Act ins; secretary. President.
Bl^K^ PRESIDIO LODGE NO. 334, 3~_lvZ~
tP— ' I. O. O. F.. will hold a public in- 4^_35&
s allation on THURSDAY KVKN-^S?^
ING. July 9. at 8 o'clock, at Steimke's "^//"^
Hall, Octavia St., near Union. All Odd Fellows
I and their friends are cordially invited.
J. FERRETTI. Noble Grand.
I C. M. Symosds, Secretary.. .
■ N MMLMEEII NG I M PROV-
; IF*' ed Order of Ked Men's Hall Asso-^J.
1 elation' of San Francisco.— he annual NL~*-
meeting of the stockholders of tne Improved order
, of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will o- held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
. 1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post St., for the election of a board of trustees
! or directors and such | other business as may prop-
| erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. Jossi-;LYN, President.
William J. Smith. Secretary. .
JK3P ANNUAL MEETING— REGULAR
I Gb—^ annual meeting of the stock ho ders of the
j San Francisco and -an Joaquin Valley Hallway
: Company will be held at the office of the com-
i pany, 321 Market St.. San ' Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1896, at the
! hour of 'A 8.X., for the purpose of electing a board
i of dlrectorsTO serve for the ensuing year and the
, transaction of such* other business as may come
■ before the meeting.
! "■■.-■' ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
I EfTS= THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
U-s» stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
, Company, for ihe election of directors for the en-
sulnc year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
i will be held a: the company's office, 229 Steven-
son st., Han Francisco, WEDNESDAY', the 15th
\ day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. m. Proxies must be filed
i with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
j J. E. GREEN, Secretary.
j SPECIAL. NOTICES. .
| j?E3s="i>R. a lfiied^vv.Terry'hab re-
l»— ? moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
: residence to 2711 Sacramento st.
I BESS* THE SECRETARY OF 1 THE SAN
: »-* ? Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
| ciety hereby gives "notice that tSe following or-
phan and half-orphan girls and boys have been
: admitted to this Institution from January 1, 1896,
. to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
B. Kelly, 12 vrs.-. Maud A. Booiworth, 12 yrs.:
Emma G. Maas, 6 yrs.: Eveline Griswold, 6 yrs.:
j Lovlna M. Korb. 11 yrs. : Llllie M. Robbins, 11
i yrs.; Eva L. Robbins, a^c, yrs. : Alice M. Robblns.
,8 yrs.; Mary; Goetz, 9 yrs.; Mary J. Peterson, 10
, yrs.; Bessie. M- Peterson, 3 yrs: Marion Fi r;er-
I aid, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs.; William A.
| Scott, 10 yrs.: Harry Clements, 12^ yrs.; Clyde
' Clements, 11 yrs. : Edwin Clements. 9 yrs.; Charles
E. Korb, 10 yrs.: George A. Korb, 8 yrs .; William
F. MCorb, 7 yrs.: Philip Mannas, 10 yrs.; Majtl
Mahhas, 8 yrs.: John L. McGowan, 6 vrs : Vilroy
H. Maas. 8 yrs.; William H. Maas. 3 yrs.; Robert
: R Golden, 6 yrn; Edwin W. Korb, 6 i jrrs. : Frank-
lin J. Korb, 5 yrs.: John H. Kori>, 12 yrs.: Samuel
D. Korb. 2 yrs.: Walter J. Murdock, 8 yrs. ; George
; C. Kobbins. 6 yrs.: Richard H. Jirjeus, 9 yrs.;
William L. Jlrjens, 7 yrs.; George Jirjens, 6 yrs.:
; Edward Goetz. 8 yrs. : Walter Goetz, 4 yrs.; James
• F. Peterson. 5 yrs.: Roy Sobey, 4 yrs.: Gerald
I Fitzgerald, 9 yr  and George Long, 9 yrs.
' ff^gp 3 NOTICE IS HEREBY- OIVKN THAT
: Ct-£ r the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St.,
• ban Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
' orphan, half-orphan and abandoned cirls from
April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lvous,
; aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 rears; . Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Hattie Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 6 years; Beulan Josephs, awl 4
, years: Alice C. Lau!au, aged 2 years: Oiga Maria
Lund berg, aged 3 years. . ....
VPS' all"persons HAVING served AS
I*—' jurors in criminal cases will find tt to their
i interest to call at room 18,230 Montgomery st.
| J. P. DAME RON.
; ft^S" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR 94:
: »*»' collections made, city or country. Pacific
: Collection Co.. 415 Mon'-xv su. room & TeL , 6680.
1 tt^s=». DRs. WOL-MAN AND LINQUIST— RE-
*»— moved to 1370 Market s:. : poor Seated free.
DIVIDEND . NOTICES.
Ct^= ' COLUMBUS SAVINGS'' ANDLOANsS
' l»— ciety, 614 Washington street- The directors
1 have declared the following semi-annual dividends:
, 4.32 ocr cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
i per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
| fiter.hiiy I. 1896. F. N. BKLORA NO, secretary.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
CR. HANSEN '•_ ' CO.V 110 GEARY t*T..
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
! at office, phone or mail us your orJers: prompt at-
j tention guaranteed: telephone Grant 185.
| VTEAT YOUNG SCOTCH GIRL • DESIRES
1 1.1 situation cooking and housework; $10 to $16.
| MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
I'MPETKNT SWEDISH WOMAN, WITH A
child, desires tuatlon: good cook: best ref-
erence; country: $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutterst. - \ ■ ••;. ...
TI ■ I 81 W IRTHY GIRL LATELY FROM IKE-
| X land wishes a situation, to co general house-
I work: is strong and willing: fond of children. Call
i at 1122 Harrison St.: no postals. ■
V FIRST-CLASS COOK AND LAUNDRESS,
city or country : understands German cooking:
j good reference. Call 1805 Ellis st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN . WANTS WORK BY
! V the day; washing, ironing or housecleaning.
j 308 Lexington aye., near Twenty-first su
| 11* OMAN WITH LITTLE GIRL OF FOUR
I • » wants work: ell vor country; wages no object.
I Call or address 121 t itth st. -..,?-.
p IRL- WISH r.S SITUATION TO ■DO GEN-
i 'J eral housework or upstairs work. Call 1502
I Franklin st., 10 to 3.
OUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
-«■ general housework by the day or month. Ap-
j ply at 1713 scott st. . -
WOMAN WANTS WASHING. IRONING OR
! " honsecleanlng. plain sewing, by the day. Ad-
| dresn W. W. P., box 165. Call Office.
i A' OUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS GEN-
! X r al housework by the oay.. Call or address
! 415 O I-arrell at. - .. -■
! OTRO.nG, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
0 hou«ecleanins by the day. Call or add re-* 126
Morris aye.. beu Bryant and Braunao. .
PXPKRIENCED CHAMBERMAID WANTS
X^ituation 'in respectable • hotel or boarding-
• hoi**-; city or country. Call or address 6 Market
si., room 34.
EXPERIENCED, RELIABLE WOMAN WlSH-
esa situation to do kitchen work in hotel or
boarding-tioiise: city -or country. Address -653
Folsom st., b-t. Second and Third. - . .
DRESSMAKER WISHES ENGA<JEMKNT.S ; "
XJ *1 10 per day; cuts by tailor system; dresses
ma over; children's also. Address R. M box 11
Ca.l Office- -.. ... . '
RE SPr.CTABLE5 Pr.CTABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION"
housework and cooitlng. Apply 321 Ellis st ".
DI'.H-SM .KlNti AND MILLINERY' . DONE
M n lhe day or at home: Prices moderate.
1004 Market st.. rojm 6.;.
1 - j IRL WISH E-s TO DO , CH AMBE KW OKK OR
'' to assist lii -light hous- work: wages $10 to
$12. Address H- box 128. Call Office, y -
j GERMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE DAY-
,on ;' washing. Ironing and housework. Please call
{ 130 Second st. -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 189(5.
SITUATIONS ; ; "WANTED— Continued. f
PANISH LADY JUST, FROM GUATEMALA
r wants a housekeeper's position; speaks French |
and German. Apply 121 Montgomery St., room 6. j
YOUNO LADY WISHES A SITUATION FOR
X upstairs work. Apply 174 Clementina st.
-yOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITUATION Ag i
1 traveling companion to lady going to Europe,
or : take charge or children, same trio. Address
B. M., Call Branch, 713 larkln su
1 DRESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
IV fitter, wishes position in family as seamstress !
and housemaid; no objection to the country. Ad-
dress E. A., box 27, Call Office. . . ; : J
pOMPETENT COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
\J private family: would do general housework in
small family. . Call at 227 Hayes su '' "
RESSMAKING DONE AT HOME: REASON-
U able; or will bo out by the day. 801 Franklin.
1/<IRST-CLASS WAITRESS WOULD LIKE A !
J. sit ion; hotel or boarding-house; good refer- ■
ences.' Apply rm. 42, Winchester House, 44 Third.
rr.O HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
-1 merit , Agency. 128 Fourth > St., furnishes very
oest help at snort notice. ■ Tel. black 353. -
TirOMAN WANTS HOME: WILLING TO
work: good housekeeper. 'Address S. A., box
11, Call Office. - -
p IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
U housework; Is good cook. Please call 2417
Clay st. .. ; : . .
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS TO DO
XV housework a few hours a day. Address MRS.
W., 1432 Mission st. .......
C COMPETENT MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN j
V wishes a situation as housekeeper, or would \
take charge of rooming-house; country preferred.
Address B. N., box 78. Call Office.
YOUNG' GEKMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE
X for general housework and cooking. Call 226
Third sU, upstairs. . . .
"yOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION ZS
X clerk In battery or confectionery store. Addre-s
MISS E. H., box hi, Call Office. »■ ;-
A T OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
1 traveling companion; will make herself gener-
ally useful; understands sewing and music Call j
or address 5 • 6 Stockton su
r OUNG WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION IN !
X nice family for light housework; no washing; I
■ewing and carinc for children; music if desired, '
call or address 516 Stockton su •
pOMPETENT WOMAN: FIRST-CLASS COOK
VJantl laundress; would no,, object to housework; i
would keep house for a widower where there are !
children: city or country. Call 2030 Pine su, near |
Buchanan.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES A j
VJ position to do upstairs work or general
housework In German or American family. Ad- !
dress BERTHA RUSTMANN, 1430 McAllister, j
■pELIAHLE GIRL WISHES TO DO HOUSE-
Jl' work or second work and assist with the care :
of child or invalid lady: wages $20; city or coun- j
try. 813 Harrison st. ... .
QIT CATION 1 WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
O Swedish widow in a lodging-house or small
family or to work i a a kitchen; no objections to
the country. Please address for 3 days MRS. W.
M. T., box 96. Call Office. .
pOMPETENT WOkKING HOUBKKEEPER !
VJ wants situation. Call or adddress M. SMITH. :
15 Van Ness." i., -■*"-. :•-■.'.
"V OUNG MAN AND WOMAN WOULD LIKE' I
X steady positions on same place: woman good i
cook; man understands care of horses: city or j
country. Please call or write room 195, Golden
West Hotel, San Francisco. "."
DEFINED YOUNG AMERICAN WOMAN '
XX wishes a situation; is willing to make herself
useful in any way desired;' a good home and kind :
treatment more to be desired than large wages.
Call or address 5 Post court, off Post st., bet. ,
Hyde and Larkin. ' ,
YOUNG GERMAN WANTS GENERAL !
X housework, cleaning, washing. Ironing, etc :
Call or address 415 O'Farrell st. ' -
\' ' ING GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO \
X housework In respectable family. Apply 119'
Fair Oaks near Twenty-second, In rear; Bleep home. :
POSITION BY AN EXPERIENCED j
X table young lady to do upstairs or second work :
Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda. - Address JU-
LETIE BOBBINS, care of MRS. W. J. REID, j
San Leandro, Cal.
p ERMAN GIRL, GOOD COOK, WISHES A i
VI place in private family; city references. 617 :
Sacramento su -,-.■■ :
SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA- i
O tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply*los Larkin St., room 3.
pOMPETKNT YOU N G CREOLE WIDOW
VJ with chid wishes housekeeper's position, rham- j
berwork or sewlns; city or country. Call or ad- i
dress 917 Market St.. room 19.
1~ TRENCH CHRISTIAN~UNION OFCALIFOR- '
nia, 1520 Clay st.; reliable families can en-
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable young wet- i
nurse; second, a tine seamstress and maid: third, :
a competent Frencn cook. Apply at once at above
address.
V\ f INCHES i EX HOUbK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
Iree bus ana baggage to and from the Jerry. .
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CR. HANSEN^XcoTIIO (IKA I.V StCTfUiC I
• ntsh haymakers, threshing crews, . harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock i
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel i
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or i
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
f1 H IN ESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
Vs help; teL Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
19 CO. COOK'S »K. S>UPI*LIKS COOKS: ALL
■ . branches -.short notice. 14 tjeary. teLOrant 48.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. SI4B Sutler: tel <>rani 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE-EMPLOYMENT
Vj office: best help. 4141.4. O'Karrell. tM. K. 428.
ITUATION -WANTED— MAN, YOUNG, SlN-
gie, as gardener, milk, etc.; can groom and
drive If requ. red; best of references. Address P.
OS., 134 Fourth St., city.
Y°UNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
1 short order cook; Is steady and reliable. Ad-
dress 3678 Twentieth at., city. '
GIOOD PAINTER WANTS WORK: WILL
r worn for $: per day or $25 per month and
found: city or country. P. W.. box 76. Call office.
\'OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
X driver in city. ■ Address Driver, box 110, Call.
YOUNG GERMAN DESIRE^ SITUATION
of any kind. 656 Natoma su
GERMAN BOY OF: 16 WISH KB TO DKIVE A
U butcher wagon; has experience. Address A..
Call Branch Office, 116 Ninth sU
STEADY GERMAN -AMERICAN YOUNG !
man, age 25. wishes any kind of work In some I
large house; handy at anything; first-class refer-
ences^ Ad. M., Call Branch Office, )16 Ninth su
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES POSl-
tlon In store or office; wages no object. Ad-
dress s>-.'5 >- .' Taylor su - ■ -<\ • |
GOOD CARPENTER WANTS WORK. AD-
dress AVERS. box 71, this office. _J
CAN AN HONEST, TEMPERATE MAN SR
/ cure employment, to care for horses, drive
wagon, or be generally useful In various ways?
wages no object; employment required; reference
or security. Address S. H , 326 Minna aj.
YOUNG AND ACTIVE SWISS WANTS A
X situation; Is a good milker and driver: speaks
German and French. Apply C. MULLEH, Win- I
Chester House. Third s., room 80. •
STATIONARY ENGINEER WANTS WORK: '
O can do repairing. Address Engineer, box 56, i
Call office. .
AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS; i
x»A man to coo 'c and bake;. wife assist In kitchen i
or housework in institution or resort; best of ref- I
erence. Address •-"..'1 Mi na sU
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
O and wife (with no children) in hotel, restaurant
or in private family, or on farm : best of references, i
Call or address H. BISSELL. 1807 Mission st.
ERMAN, 25 yTT.\R!S OF AUK, WANTS A !
VX position in a grocery-store to leirn the busi- i
ness. Address C. W., box 146, Call Office.
\\T ANTED- POSITION An NIGHT OR DAY
• «» watchman; sober, - reliable man: good refer-
ence. Address W. U. L.. 75* Folsom aU .
v\ ANTED— BY A YOUNO MAN, To APPREN- !
lice to a blacksmith; one year's experience; i
good reference: town or country. Address D J
box 137, Call Office. ° rcOUn ">- Addr^ D ' J -.' |
GARDENER WANTS SirUATION;PRIVATE I
VX or public. H. S. MURRAY, box 74, Call Office. I
GARDINER WANTS SITUATION; CNDER- !
VX stands milking and general work about the '<
place; references. Address Gardener, 271 Steven-
son 5t." ... ..■.-; .■■■■:■■-.
\-\\\ n » KM , AN COUK AND • BAKER. CALL
iJ 810 Mission st., room 2, lower iluor. • . . •.
ASTERS IiKEAU-BAKER WANTS A SlT-
natiun in first-class simp; any hand; city or •
country. Call or address 201 Ash aye.
V; eat Young MAN WISHES POSITION AS
-L^ porter in a winehouse or wholesale place. Re- I
fer to 439 Jessie su
SITUATION BY STEADY, SOBER MAN ON I
private place: understands horses, cows and '
plain gardening; 5 years la las: place: good refer-
ences. Address C. A., box 11. Call Office, Oakland.
VV INCHESTER HOU.sK, 44 THIRD, NEAR I
, » » Market— Klectrlc ; llghu in . every room- > '-'00
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $8 per
week; tree bus an J baggage to and iromthe ferry. ■
UTLER. AMtRIL' N, WITH Br.ST REFER-
ences.will taie place for $.<O. competent," so-
ber, neat, willing. Bntier, box 3. Call Office. On kid.
STEADY. INDCSTRIUU& YOUNG MAN Dt-
s»ies situation In store or office; thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; first-class references.
Address O. 8., box 144, this office.
AN ' - INDUSTRIOUS , MAN WITH Fl RST-
, class Eas em and • San . Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call office.
YOUNG MAN (22) DESIRES .POSITION IN I
X private family to car* for horses; can milk and I
understands, plain gardening; ecu furnish refer- j
ence if required. X-, box 165. Call Office. i. T - ..
■VUUNO GERMAN. GOOD CARPKNTKR,
X cabinet-maker and general .'mechanic uith
tools wan; • situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina su . / .. • .
V"1 : XO SWBDISH. MAN WANTS SITUA-
X' tion city/ or rountry: :. good driver; under-
stands care iof ' hor^«•.^ r and garden ; also i -■■ ol
milker; reaerences. Address M, U. box 166, Call.
%l ANTED— SITUATION AS ADVERTISING
" agent to adver:ise a large firm in Oregon and
Washington. - Address D., box 85, this office.
SITUATIONS*. WANTED— Continued.
\\' ANTED— BY 2 . WELL-MA^JnEREuTaND
'» ' well-educated young \ Hollanders, positions as
butler and coach .the y prefer to remain to-
gether. ■/ Address W. R., box 64, Call Office.
STEADY -YOUNG MAN- .WISHES , SITUA-
tion, city or country: good driver, understands
horses: wages low. R. S., box 102. Call Office. '■ .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, *44 THIRD. NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights In every ■ room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
eek: fret* l.us and baggage to anil from the ferry.
: FEMALE HELr IV ANTED.'
O WAITRESSES FOR SPRINGS, $20; WAIT-
*J ress, l resno, rare advanced. $20; waitress aid
chambermaid, resor, $20: chambermaid, city and
country. $20: Scandinavian chambermaid, lnstl-
tntlon, 815.-. C. R. HAN SEN A CO.. 110 Geary st. J
"VTEAT GIRL, CARK Of CHILD 5 YEARS
ana sew. *5; . second girl; $15 : Germany cook,
$-'5: girls, house w rk, city and country. $16 and
$20. C. R. HANSEN A C 0. ,110 Geary SU
T^EAT YoCNG COOK; AMERICAN FAMILY:
£ near city: $20. : C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110
Geary st. •• - - -
9 WAITRESSES, SAME SPRING, $20: 2
— ' waitresses, same ' country hotel, $20: waitress,
city hotel, s2o. c. R. HANSEN «fc CO., 110 Geary.
T ADY MASSEUR AND SHAMPOOER FOR
XJ the springs. C. R. HANSEN «fc CO., 110 Geary.
■\Y AITRESS, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUT-
*¥ ter st.
V KATGIKL; LIGHT WORK; 2 IN FAMILY;
-*-* 1 $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Slitter st.
p.° T °K, BOARDING-HOUSE, $25. MISS CUL-
VJ LKN, 323 Sutler
"IT OUSE WORK GIRL, SAN JOSE, $25; SEE
XX. lady here. MISS CULLED. 323 Satur st. ■
GEUMAN COOK, $35: LAUNDRESS, $30.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler sU
GEKMAN SECOND GIKL, $25. MISS CUL-
r LEX, 323 Sutler su
f\ WAITRESSES, SANTA CRUZ. $20 EACH;
*J M waitresses, steady, t»antry hotels and re-
sorts, $20. ML'RRAI A READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 <- lay st. ■•
0 GIRLS Ab CHAMBKRMAID AND WAIT-
*d ress, steady, country hotel, $'jO each; ranch
cooks.etc. - MURRAY * HEADY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634-636 Clay st. .
\\ A^ TED 4 waitresses for springs.
•» $-0; waitress for restaurant, $6 week; Ger-
man chambermaid, $30; 2 German girls for baK-
ery, attend counter, etc., $30 and board: Protest-
tant laundress, $30; 50 gins for general house-
work, city and country. $15, $20 and $26. J. F.
CROSE 1 T A CO., 312 sutler st!
\\T ANTED— 2 NURSEGIRLS, $10 AND $12;
.Jr. Germ cook, $25; city boardinc-house cooks,
f3O and .*2O; Swedish girl for housework, 2 In fam-
ily, $.0: American cook, country, $25: chamber-
maid, hotel, $15 and room. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
G~l IRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 2 - IN FAMILY,
r $20; 2 cooks, $25; 3 nursegirls. $12 and $15;
6 girls tor hou-eworlc. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis su
3 GIRLS, GENERAL HOUSEWORK, AMERI-
can family. $20; call early. German Employ-
ment Office, «06 Mason su ■
V\'«iMAN, HOUSEWORK, COUNTRY, $20;
» » German girl, housework, city, $20, and others.
Employment Office, 128 Fourth st.
WAITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $25. HO-
M TEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
\\r ANTED - EXPERIENCED COLLAR OR
»» cuff makers. EAGLESON A CO., 635 Mar-
ket st. - ■
VV ANTED— GIRL TO DO GKNBRAL HOUSE-
'T work. Apply 616 Chestnut su ■■ ■ ;■■
W' ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
- 11 work bet. 9 and 12 a. m. 1423 Larkin.
W ANTED-GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
J^ housework. Inquire 313 Lyon su
GOOD FIN ISHERTWHO CAN MAKE good
button-holes; also apprentice. 527 Natoma.
\\r ANTED— YOUNG PERSON FOR SECOND
" worK; references' required. Call 1414 Taylor.
IRL FOR HOLLISTER: GENERAL HOUSE-
VJ work. See party after 9, 1720 Sacramento su
EXPERIENCED TAILORESS ON CUSTOM
vests. 235 Natoma su. bet. Third and Fourth.
\\r ANTED — A YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
'» housework. 82V4 Rausch st. •■..-•■■• ' ■
GIRL TO DO GENERAL MOOSE WORK IN
country: wages 815. Call 322 Turk st.
■\TOUNO GIRL UPSTAIRS WORK. CALL 9
X a. m. 1207 Gough st. - ■-: ■
EFINED LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
business. Call 131 Post, room 31.
TTUKfcT-CLASSTAILOREsS ON COATS, 411%
X: Kearny St.. rooms 1 and 2.
XPERIENCKD LAUNDRESS BY THE
Xv day. Cull ween 9a. m. and 12 at 609 Eddy.
\\r ANTED— YOU -XO GIRL TO TAKE CARE
' » of children. 14C0 Webster st.
WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK AND CHIL-
t» dren. 1017 Valencia st.
GIRL LEARN OPERATING ON PANTS: ONE
VJ who understands machine work. 206 Minna su
ANTED— B39 ELLIS ST., GIKL TO LEARN
dressmaking; will have a good home; refer-
ence required. !■>- ■•-, ;•■-• !>-». .-■"■ •' . ' ■?
\ OUNGGIRLTO assist IN LIGHT HOUSE-
■ work and learn sewing." 1133 Polk St. ' ■
p ERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE
work -. references. Apply 10 to 2, 1616 Bush su
U ' ANTED-FIRST-CLASS TAILOKtSBES ON
"» custom pants. 411 V 2 Kearny st.
VIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
£ era need apply. BOWHAY, 604 Sutter
AIKUKtSMXU, 250 AND 85c; MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons.$l 50. 1248 Mission.
KRFKCT KITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for ; themselves,. friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy, 636 M ark e;, Palace HoteL
LADIES— FREE I FREE! LESSONS EVERY
J Tues.,2to3: dresacutting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HA I R-DKESSING; manicuring LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell sU and 105 Ninth.
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House, 44 Third su. near Market:
'..'OO rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6
p»rwe>k; <re»» 'bus and baccate toanl from ferry.
31 ALE U_LP \V.VXTIiD.
6 FA R>I E RS^FOr"ha Y IN'TaND '~HAKVkSt.
U ing. near city, $20 and $25: 3 milkers, $26;
choremen, $10 and Sl5; 2 cabinet-makers. C. R.
HA N/?EN &CO., 110 Geary st.
BILLY MARTIN, AND CLAUDE HIGGINS,
second cooks, please report. C. R. HANSEN
A CO.. 110 Geary gt.
Head waiter, country hotel, $40; a
permanent wallers with ur^ss suits, lountr.-
hotel, $35; 2 waiters for a seaside resort. $25:
second cook, country hotel. $: 5: 6 Ironers and
polishers for country laundries. 830 and $35 and
found. C. R. HANSEN A CO- 110 Geary sU
BARBER AND CARRY TRAYS TO IN-
vallds' rooms, sprinzs hotel. $25: barber, m-
Siitutlon, city. CX. HaNSEN A CO.. 110 Geary.
ARBER FOR A COUPLE OK MONTHS FOR
a fashionable country ho 1 el: board, lodging
and shop free and keep what he makes. C. R.
HANBKN A CO., 1 10 Geary st,
OX(- MEN WANTED FOR ALL KINDS OF
«-U") work to-day from $16 to $95 per month
and found; 20 f n!'-picker-, $23 per month: 20
farmers, orchard." vineyard hands, $28, $25 and
$20; man In warehoused $26 and found: farmer
and wife, $;-(): 5 strong men to bale hay, $2 50 a
day and found, no ox; enmce necessary; 20 .cani-
sters for railroad work, $1 60 and $1 80 a day; 'M
woodchoppers. $1 cord, for a mine: 6 laborer* for
a mine, $;0; 6 milkers. *-6: 4 - butter-makers,
$26: 2J laborers and teamsters, city work. $1 75
a day and $26 per month and fi.und; 15 men or
boys to dig irrigation trenches an.d do laboring
\\©-; on ranch and vineyard: 2 stablemen, city,
$2j per month and found; 2 blacksmiths, $40 arid
lound: blacksmith ana wife: man to run a tunnel,
$35 per month and found, fare paid., MURRAY
A READY, leading . employment agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
UTCHER, COUNTRY SHOP NEAR CITY,
XJ c.ill early: 6 cooks, $30, to $65; three second
cooks. $35 and $25 r 3 waiters, $30; 3 dishwash-
ers, $20; cook and wife, small country hoteL
MURRAY * READY, leading employment
agents. 634 and 636 Clay sU ■ '... ,■..;.
\i r ANTKD— SAWFILER, $3 TO $3 50 A DAY;
'» •2 luroac<> men, $35 and board: 4 miners,
$2 50 a day and Increase;' 3 laborers for mine. $"J8
and board, go to-day; sii Ingle-packer; laundry man
for Institution; laundry for Nevada, $35 and
four.d. Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO., 628 Sac-
nmesto«M^nB— WHHMMMbl
WANTED - AMERICAN FOREMAN FOR
•»• fruit ranch, $40 and found; 3 farmers, Hum-
bold t County, call early , $26 and . found; . butt er-
maker, small dairy, $26 and found: woodchopper:
farmer, $200 a year: choreman . for rtsort, and
others. Apply to J. F. CKO->ETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. SnMSBMH9— 4MMB~SEGfIBcdM_9B_'
\\r AN .-"fTd— 2 COOKS, COUNTRY; HOTELS,
'I »40 and 830; cook, country restaurant. $25;
hotel baker. $45: waiter for resort, $30. fare ad-
vanced ; German baker,' $30, and others. Apply
to J. F. CROaETf <& CO., 628 Sacramento su .-■■.,
W ANTED— four OB six hok>e team-
'» ster to haul rotdvrood in the mountains, $25
and found; 5 farmhands, good ' ranch in Santa
Clara County, $»o: 6 miners,' $52 per mouth; 2
milkers, near city. $.0; good, strong, boy to learn
trade In city, $3 pit week and increase: also
cojkg, waiters and dishwashers. W. D. EWER A
£___£____________________
U? ant", u— GEKMAN WAITER, $28; SEC-
-»». ond cooic. nla!n hotel, $20: youn? Frenchman
forlanndry. $.0; dishwasher, $4 week; Japan se
dishwasher, $20, etc ' LEON ANDRE, 315 Stock-
ton st. '•-■" . -- • ;.■-■-. •-;■}- ."•;;■> ;<-/-'■.• ■-•?-:
\\' ANTED— A BARKEEPER FOR WINE AND
-if -liquor. store; 1, ust have references from last
employer. L. ANDRE. 31b Stockton st. j
IN EH, BURLkIG UrIiRILL, $3 A DAY";
stableman, $35;. blacksmith and shoe, $40:
restaurant cook. SSS;- 4 fnrmnanJs. $26 and $-_'O;
bark-pt«-lers, $ i 25 a cord " aisbwashtrs: i pantry-
man, $15. It. T. WAKD A CO.. 608 and 610 Clay.
<■) GOOD , CITY.' salesmen to ; take „ UK-
— 'ders for tailor-made gooos: "those hold cer-
tlßeatts in U. s. Industrial Agency, are: . liable;
also frlster having $ >oo to invest, with situation.
\\\T ANTED— RKLIABLE-. MaN FOR"~Lt(.HT,
"'-geiiteei, inside work: experience not required;
$75 per month; must have $150 ca*n. 777 Mar-
ket, loom 7. ; . . .-. . _V; ; .
j un eh waiter wanted. 523 fourth.
INDUSTRIOUS SALESMAN ; For , WINE-
X house. . 342 Turk, between 1 and 2r.lL
■_ HELP .-.. WANTED— Continued. V
FIRST-CLASS CARRIAGE '- STRIPER iON
X 1 light and h°«vy worK. Address box ■■ 95, this
office. ■ /• -- .■■"'■--'•-.- ; •■ ■ ■ \-
DISHWASHER AND LUNCH WAITER; i
call early. 210 Drnmm ft. - . ,
II IRST-CLASS , M ILK-BRKAD \ BAKER. AD-
dress F. M., box ; 160, Call Office. :,; y . - .-
YOUNG MAN- TO TRAVEL: MUST HAVE
X $250 cash. Address Cash, box 71, CaU Office.
p OOD BARBER. WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY, '
VT Sunday; no other need apply. • 2*l Third st.~
DISHWASHER WANTED. 638 FOURTH !
. at.; call early. . : . . ■ i • • . ■
\VT ANTED — GOOD KITCHEN MAN. 1805 I
'T Halghtst. - '..-..' . : ■.■;•■; ' .
•THIRST-CLASS SHOEMAKER. EAGLE SHOE
X 1 Manufacturing Co., 921 Howard st.
TDAUBER WANTED. 1531 POLK STREET. !
WANTED— MAN IN COMMISSION ■
" business; will pay $75 per month; cash re-
quired $150. See &TRAND & CO:, 45 Third st. .'.
IjARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
I> retary Barbers' Asso., 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
IJAKBER3— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SECT
XJ P. C. Barbers', Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION - EMPLOY- I
ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 667 Clay.
AKBKR3 1 ASSOCIATION Of IAI. EMPLOY
menu Sec*y. P. ('. Hamann. ? trFarroll. .
OR - HALE— BARBEbTsh6p~ISC,. DOING
good business. 131 O'Farrell st.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; VERY
cheap. 227% Second st.
jMBBEKS-AQO D COUNTRY BARBER
I J shop: 2 chain; 2 baths: for sale; $300: good
investment for barber with family. Forpart!cu-'
lars inquire Of DECKELMAN BROS, 106 Ellis St.
W" ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
.Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:'
not less than 5 - feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read, j
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions' to become citizens will be '
accepted: this ■ important branch of the naval j
service offers special Inducements: giving oppor- I
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. . For further information apply at the
Recrui Ing Office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL
ANTED — WORKING FOREMAN. ON
large prune orchard; honest, industrious and
agreeable, with references as to character aud
ability. 51 First at. . .' ■ 7 _
ALL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE,
tea or milk. 635 Clay su
IIinHE.N -To TAKK LODGING AT IUC. 1»C
X\i\J and 20c a night. Including coflm and rolls.
624 Washington »t., near Kearny.
VfKW. WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
—i 3d and 4th— Mingle lurnished rooms, night 15 to
60c, -week $1 to $2 60; reading-room: strictest atten-
tion :o morning calls: clean: quiet; open all night.
©OKA PAYING COB. SALOON ; WANTS
<jp_^V/. partner: no experience. 633 Howard.
INGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT,
$1 week. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
Ea— REMOVED, FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
« C:ay ; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
GRAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 2£; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order, to enlarge store and
put in new stock. - 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
COAL MINERS WANTED. APPLY AT 144
Stenart St., bet. Mission and Howard. ■ - -
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
'» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night: reading-
room free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»* some simple thing. to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring yon wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A «^6.. DepU L. Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
11 T E HA Y A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
• * selling at less than one-fourth their value; cast
off shoes oought or exchanged. 662 Mission St. .
TRY ACME HOUSE, 937 MARKET ST., BE-
X low 81xtb. for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. j
LODGINGS, 5c TO 15c " PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 621 Paclfi •■. below Kearny.
\ STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. IiOR- i
/\. din s Chocolate Emulsion.' 221 Davis," nr. Clay. !
BKSI'.IN CITY-.olNGi X ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $i. $1 25. SI 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorg sts.
\k AXE fc-Hot DOCTORS; WE REPAIR j
'» your old shoes and make them as good as new, :
and with our new machines we can do your work !
at one- half the usual price; done while you walk
662 Mission su. between First and Second sts. ' '
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND- I
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera- i
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50 i
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
OOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT: 50c TO «1 50
per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm su . . • ,
ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor,' still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week, j
CIALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOU $2 50 I
) hslf-solelng 25c op. 959 Howard st.. nr. Sixth. \
I INUELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD I
I • sts. ; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night, i
LCilO HoUsE, t>63Va MARKET ' ST.—
Pooms I'Oc, 25c. ;o 60c night; $1 :o $2 wee*.
ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR ;
era (fcciericg. KNOS Collection Agcy. 110 Sutler '
A» ANTED- MEJT TO Lr.ARN BARBER
'» trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber school, 1615 Howard, j
Y\7 ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1 I
, »» »-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60s week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay su
\i ENIO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i»l all grocers keep It. ' ■ • --■ •
F-KEE BEER— TWiI SCHOONERS FOU 6c;
»In>» hot' tot Iht-t. .V. i>t'GS7 i '-<r
AGENTS WANXKD!
~ - "\ : " .■- :"' JJUI " ~ ~
■pMPIRE LIFE. ■
- — PURE LIFE
INSURANCE— 
AT COST
AGENTS WANTED.
, PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
Greta' patent long-handle dustpan. 8h st.
\ GENTS ARK COINING MONEY WITH
"-t»-our new novelties: immense sales. Aluml-
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sutler st. . .
KOOMS WANTED. ~
HOUSEKEEpiNG ROOM IN EXCHANGE
XJ. for work. E. A. C. IS-' 4 Mission St. ' |
boarding WANTED,
wXnTED— ROOM AND BOARS' IN PRI-
' » va:e family for lady and child In Oakland. Ad-
dress box 95. this office. - ; •• ■.....•
. '.-.>» ANTED-MISCKLLANEOUS.
a sllver-pluted Missenhar:er cornet. 131 Ellis. i
ECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS'
lennes, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery :
SELL .YOUR. BOOKS. «L<>FhTN(. AND JEW
0 el— to A. KLEIN. 109 Sluti it-: »end postal.
■ . LOST. ~ ~~ "
OST"— "POMERANIAN TOY SPANIEL
bitch, long black ' hair, ' little white on breast,
answers to the name of Alti. Return to Occiden-
tal Hoifl office and receive liberal reward.
OST— SQUARE LOCKET; ALL DIAMOND i
■i in center: monogram P. J. N.: photo of de-
ceased relative inside; liberal reward. P. J. NEU-
MAN, 143 Montgomery su
ED POCKET-BOOK, CONTAINING RE-
celDts and papers of no value exceDt to owner
Return to J. B. MILLER, 7 and 9 Battery st. : - -
ANAKY-BIRD LOST IN NEIGHBORHOOD
VJ of Powell and Pine sts.; liberal reward. 710 i
; Powell su . -. . ,
ARTIES WHO FOUND WHITE FUR BOA I
in waiting-room of feutro's Railroad. Cliff House,
July 7. will please return st.me. Station X, post-
office Palace Hotel, and receive reward. ' . ■
(jjjOA REWARD FOR WHEREABOUTS OF
igi£.\j new S-sprlng,^'i-horse vegetable wajron, :
painted scarlet . and . blue; .double-action, brake: ■
I spring. lifters on tailgate; aajnstabie pole: 2 bay
I horses; driven by I young man, smooth face, light !
! complexion. 1221 Webster »v ■
j GREYHOUNDS; WHITE DOG, FAWN
j & spot on ear and forehead; - rsd - bitch, - white
j neck and feet. Reward 319 Fillmure su a- '.
! T OST— LAST WEEK GOLDEN GATE PARK,
XJ silver pocket-knife-, liberal reward. 420 Dolores.
NULISH-PUG LOST; RETURN TO 2327%
Fillmore: receive liberal reward. '.. \ . • ;
! T~OBT— BLACK CATSKYE BRACELET WITH
XJ bangles; i return ;to Branch ; Call ■ Office, ,• 116
' Ninth st.; reward. > ' „
OST— AT : SCOTCH ; THISTLE „ PICNIC AT !
Shell ; Mound < Park,"- gold-rimmed spectacles. !
Return to 8 It* Valencia St.: reward. . ; . ' ,t :.
1 OST— AT CITY HALL SQUARE ANU MAR- i
Xj ket su, a back agate ring. Bet urn to Dome \
saloon; reward. ; . ~a ,
OST— SMALL GOLD -. ENAMELED .-= VlGN-
ette attached to a small swivel. ■ Leave at Call
Office and receive liberal reward.
osi— passbook with hibernia say- \
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the i
! name of:MARY, -.WILSON," No, . 10s. Tbe '
finder \\\\\ please nMuiri to bank * 4 : • "■ \:; {
; PK FKSSIUNAL\CAKDs ;;-:; c ;;
JOHN K7iVICH LAW OFFICE*. ROOMS i
; •£6 • and . 27, Crocker , building; telephone Main 1
75, San Francisco. Cal. ;
J"~OHNK.AaTKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHES,
U attys at law, rms 515,616, 6th floor, Parrottbldg. j
BCSrN~ESS^JDHANCES. ___^
© 1 Of if) PARTNER WANTED "in WELL-
»Ipi-Ov'v/. known- express ; transfer company;
has . cream of .trade : in this city : clears ' $300 per
month: proprietor owns his own , property, barns,
storage?, etc. has four fine teams running worth
$3000; best business in this State, milking sure
income; established ■ 10 - years: will exchange for
country real estate: grand bargain. STENBERG
CO.. 632 Market st. \
<2»-| ~f\ CIGAR-STORE; PRINCIPAL THO-
«IP J- <-»"• rough fare; -' invoice the i goods; con-
nected with large theater; rent only $15: sickness
only reason , for selling.. STENBEKG CO., 632
Markets!,^ ... . ; M r.
Q lVr.fi GROCERY .ON PRINCIPAL
<IDX_c»l/. street: larges'ock: cheap rent: liv-
inK-rooms; clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBERG CO., 632 Mar-
ket st. ■/., • •. .... ■. • • .
ffi* 1 ()(\(\ BAKERY NORTH OF ' MARKET;
VT XVJ\J\J. cooking three barrels daily: receipts
$250 a week; clears $.50 a month; no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
QJJIOX ! ORNER STATIONERY', BOOK AND
tJpXJLO. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice
goods: sickness. STENBEBG CO., 632 Market. .
7^|\ CORNER FAMILY LIQUOR-s TORE,
3D i t)". with club and 4 living-rooms, in West-
ern Addition; rent "$6O: doing large business-
WILKiS A WOLF, 531 California su
©Q^A SALOON WITH.: LAHGK PATRON-
iS)OU\J. age from Clay and Merchant sts. and
market hail: money-making place: low rent; bar-
gain. WILKE A WOLF. 531 California st.
<Jj*7/l/» BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONBRY
«U) 4 \Jy'. and : coffee-parlor: kept by present
owner, a lady, 11 years: wants to retire to private
Hfe.y WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
<2»f»nA r SALOON CLOSE TO GOOD ALL A
«IpUV/V/. Perkins' steamboat lamlina;; good pay-
ing; low rent. WILKE, 531 California st.
©£>nn SALOON: THRIVING INTERIOR
rJPOviv/.town at railroad depot: clears $125
monthly and over. M. LESS A CO., 783% Market.
»IjjX?:n branch bakery, CANDY, no-
t^>tJO\J. tions, stationery, etc.: corner in best
portion of Western. Addition; 4 living-rooms:
cheap rent: -large stock; nicely fitted up ;• does a
well-paying business. M. . LESS _ CO., 783 Vi
Market st.
fflj*)A/J BAKERY, PRINCIPAL .STREET
dn^\j\j. across the bay; bakes 1% barrels flour
daily horse and waeon easily worth double price
askeq. M. LESS & CO.. 783 y 3 Market at.
V^OTICE— AT OUR BARGAINS.
i.* Saloon, full value, pays well, $275.
Restaurant, clears $75 per month, $450.
. Butcher shop, clears «150 month, $1200.
Fruit store, horse and wagon, 8350.
. Branch bakery, 3 rooms, make offer. $225. -
Barber shop, 3 chairs, pays well, $325.
Grocery and bar, $275 : chea >at $600.
Corner cigar store, near Market St., $275.
To buy or sell see STRAND A CO., 45 Third st.
SALOON ON CITY FRONT NEAR OAKLAND
ferry; pays well: any reasonable offer will be
accepted. STRAND A CO., 45 Third su
IF YOU WANT TO SELL" OR BUY A BUBl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
T^INE CIGAR-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
X plete; tine locality; only 50c a day rent; see at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"djjTrfn LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
«Jp I O\J. nisbed elegant; .finest locality; cheap
rent; all the rooms full; paying well; Investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CJ'JXA PARTNER' in SALOON: OBJECT
<p_UU. for taking paitner. to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<fc4ofi SALOON; FINE LOCATION; LOW
ifr'±\J\J. rent: good business; full value: best
reasons for selling. Apply BAILEY, rooms 1 and
2.917 Market st. '
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
or to procure a partner, no matter what kind
it is if paying reasonably and of . legitimate kind?
lam pared to attend to the matter for you at
once, as 1 have a great many applicants who have
the cash. BAILEY, Business Agent, rooms 1 and
2, 917 Market st. - - ■ ;• ■
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY A CO., 23 Kearoy st.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY
man $250
Corner grocery and bar at the Mi55i0n......... 750
Wood and coal, Western Addition; bargain.. 250
Corner saloon, water front; owner 5ick........ 600
$175— Bakery, candy, etc., at the Mission; liv-
ing-rooms; furniture Included For bargains apply
HEAI.Y A Co.. 23 Kearny su y *
HOTEL TO LEA SK FOB A TKRM OF YEARS:
XX new 6-story and basement bricK bulldi ng con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
llshted basement: centrally located, % block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320 San-
some st.. room 39.
HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house In North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is he best
paying investment in Northern California, HUd
must be disposed of . on account of sick ess. for
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor. Crescent City, Cal.
A NO. 1 STAND— A FINE SALOON WITH A
fine choice stock of liquors and cigars; every-
thing In lirst-cia?s order, with a fine cottage of 4
rooms and bath jon the back of the lot fronting on
Seventeenth St., with a nice planked yard between
and over 5 years' lease to come; I am 10 years on
the corner.' WM. POLICY, cor. Seventeenth and
Folsom sts., alongside of the factory.
fflJOO"". CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
'_ '> —O. laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAU-
RETT. 1125 Market si.
t4J»OA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
♦;POV7. rooms: low rent; receipts $5 to $7 aday;
cigar stand. BARRETT, 1125 Market st,
dj«7AA STATIONERY, CANDIES, • NEWS-
»IP I \J\J. »iand, circulating library, notions.
cijrnr3, tobacco, itc. ; steady cash trade; affords
good living for small family; nice ore: 4 living
rcomsjarge yard, stable; near 4 schools; old estab-
lished; cheap rent: full value in sight. Address
G., box 4, Call Office. ' ;' : :;.,;---
-<s• 'JAA DELICACY BRANCH BAKERY
», ''l-M/. and candy store: 3 living rooms: rent,
$15; good business; reason for selling, going to
country. SKIFF A CO., 921 Market st.
ffl»l AA BRANCH BAKER V: CANDY; 4 LlV-
tjpX\J\J. Ing-rooms. SKIFF <fc CO., 921 Market.
IF YOU ONLY' HAVE A SMALL CAPITAL,
say from $300 to $1000, and will be satisfied
with ■ sure salary irom $15 to $30 ! pec week, ac-
cording to amount invested and a percentage over
and atove salary : money invested well secured;
principals only address 14. C, box 60. Call Office.
pALIFOP.NIA GOLD MINES- AN PLACET
V-/ few thousand in gold property that will pay
the investor 100 to 500 per cent profit ; less than
$3000 and more than £15,000 not considered.
CHAS F. BLACKBURN, M. E. and Mining
Geologist, 230 Kearny st., room 12. ■
OOD OPPORTUNITY: SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1 869: amount
needed $40.000: owuvr will remain if arrangement
can be made: ' 'Address F. D.,box 137. Call Office,
AKERS, ATTENTION! RARE CHANCE
to open and build up a good business in largo
neighborhood, with -all utensils complete: - rent
reasonable. Inquire at lr'o2 Webster su, Alameda.
rpo LET— A COAL YAHD IS RUNNING OR-
X der: best in city: established 9 years; rented
or . leased . lor a term of years: 5 stalls, screens,
scale; rent $15 with water. 1915 McAllister st.
\\- ANTED— A PARTY WITH $16,000 TO $20,-
-" 000 to invest In a legitimate minim: and mill-
ing proposition, which promises very large results.
Address Miner, box 112, Call office. ■
T?OR SALE ATA HA I IN— A NEWSPAPER
X plant, Including job printing office; paper well
established. For particulars and terms address
Enterprise, Brentwood, Cal.'
H^IRDRESSING, MANICURING AND MED-
Icated bath business in OaKland for sale or ex-
change . for real estate: . bargain. Address Busi-
ness, box 82, Call Office. .
AKERY. STATIONERY AND ICECREAM
store— Must be sold on account of sickness*
living-rooms: old-established business-; bargain.
1414 Ellis su r
ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE, A P.OADHOI
t near Haywards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land
For particulars address PROWSE _ O'NEILL.
II ay wards, Cal. . .
<<"?"" i fi DELICACY STORE; LOW RENT;
*£>— iJV. -first-class neighborhood: near lar-e
school; no opposition; chance of lifetime. Apply
Call Office. .-.'... ■ •
7; * RG A IN— SALOON BAR RECEIPTS $15
IJ to $18 per day: rent $20 per mouth; near San
Francisco. Apply to SH. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
fornia Bt. ,
T)ES>TAURANT-A<;OODTRADE; BETWEEN
x\, two carhouses: own -r must sell on account of
■tckne3s; win be sold very cheap. ; 3279 • Mission.
SALOON— IN FINE OItDKR; GOOD LOCA-
tion: a ere»t chance for man and wife. Apply
to KDWARD l). CAItRQL^ A CO., 407 Battery au
VKUIT AN VEGE i A BLE ROUTE- 3 YEARS
A established: good investment guaranteed Ad-
dress AD. MELVILLK, 105 J u nl per St.. g^
,* 1 50 W * L V C A LFlNl^niksf
tJTi OVt in a business paving »65 to *75 n«
month to each.' Partner, box Itf2, Call Office! *
,Q'-iOl) CANDY STORE, -DOING A FINE
<JSOUU. business; receiots $6 to $8 per dav^
guarantee. PROLL & CO., 719 Mark * '
BLACKSMITH AND horseshoeing
-D ness for stle very cheap; cause or sale, de-
parture. Inquire at 127^ LangtouVu . ' *"
Cj^On CONFECTIONERY BUs I VF - q"'
K-w\!-V. pavlus W * JU ' oan investigate \ldVv
AKRON E.sBERG^jOg Broadway, OaklandT
■g;l9^ EXPRESS BUSINESS .FOit Sa tv~
_lli__iilS
"T^OR HALE— NALiuiN: SK .(JfMR — p \ V
I)ART.\ER — $-50- nnnrv- T ni,.; CUOF-
i house and restaGranV S™ W il CU »P-
each; owner cooks. 40 Ci» y «. lo *' 6 a monto
Toii-o'r^^S^^^^VE^HOTEL
quire P. RQTItEN nt or leas •. In-
'S3so.- a^i^^iu.^^l w»w>;
Apply this office? : gCK ? business; sickness.
D ALOON— M U-iT"^^™^^^-^ : — " ; ""'
S^gy S i^SS, B SS^ A BAfcUUC
BUSINESS.' CHANCES— Contlnoed.
or ACRES-CHICKEN BANCH TO -RENT;
Zi) stock will be sold at *1300. : P. O. box 331,
Petaluma:.' v • ■ ' * " " ' ~. ' • ■ ■ ,
T7IOR SALE-EXAMINER ROUTE IN CEN-
J: ter of Oakland. F. HILL, 1148 Chester st.,
Oakland.l '■; • ■'"-'. - -' ■■ ■ - '■ " "' ' -
OUT ;,n FOR BUILDING-ON LEASED lot;
«&±OU suitable for ' grocery. " W. CRANE, 324,
Post st. ■ * ' ___^ ' :
LADY' OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNEK.
(German): $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason at.
<n.O A ' BAKERY, CANDY, NOTION STORK;
tlhZ,-U. 2 sonny rms. f urn'ed. 18021,% Howard.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P.RIORDAN, 63a Market, room 2.
fIUOAA -BRANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS. STA-
<S)OUt/. tionery store; cheap. L., box 6, Call.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash : city or country. M., box 2. Call.
I^OR SALE— FINE CORNER SALOON AND
J? restaurant; cor. Fell and Stanyan. ■
I? OR SALE CHEAP-OLD ESTABLISHED
J liquor store. < Apply 1113 Howard. ,■ ' . .
OME BAKERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
LODGING-UOUSESFOB^SALE^
a<rr*7vn~is ELKGANTLY FURNISHED
S)bU(J. rooms: worth $1200. SKIFF A CO.,
921 Market at. . '■ :
|j -ROOM HOUSE, IN PAYMENTS... $160
I 1.22 rooms on Market st. $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200...... f £,„,,,
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0....... 55000
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market. •
OUSE OF 15 WELL-LIGHTED ROOMS;
suitable for lodging-house; $25. 644 .Sixth st.
.It ROOMS; GOOD PAYING HOUSE: $300
10 cash, balance easy terms. .115 Second st.
I BURNISHED FLAT OF 7 ROOMS: GOOD
X location; at a sacrifice. 133 Seventh it.
Gji^n COZY HOME: 6 ROOMS; MUST
QI.»)U. sell; party leaving city. 620 Larkin st.
LODOIXG-HOI'SES TO LET.
ODGING-HOUBE TO LET— VAN NESS
XJ aye., corner; 44 rooms; arranged for lodgings
or housekeeping. .^_^___
FUKMTUKE KOK SALE.
T" A BARG AIN'T "HANDSOME BOOKCASE
and desk, dining-table and 'chairs,' two oak
chamber sets, two hair mattresses, parlor furni-
ture, mantel bed, carpets, etc. ; all new. 125
Grove st. : .: • '
FUBNITURE OF THREE BOOMS, ALSO
X Helpmate sewing machine. 2635% Harri-
son st. T -.
1? IRE SALKI , - ■.. ■■- ~ . . •,
X Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■-
Oak bed sets $18 5O
Bedlounges .; ' 8 00
Steves 7 50
Carpets, per yard .: „ 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Malting, per yard..... ....:. .- 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. - Till inch time we are conducting business;
at - SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. '■ J.
NOONAN. .-■ ' - ■' |
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
lowest prices on household goods, new or
as new; cash or time, open evening*. ■ '.
4||/|OAKI'h,T((; CHAMBER BETS, $11;
tfcUU stoves. $5: parlor sets, 820: fold Ine- bad i.
$10: hed- onngwi. $7. T. I). .McCAKTHY lla 4th,
FUKNII'UKE WANTED. •
TSwTNT~TxR^-Truinr~AT^^ fix^
X tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye. . •. .
C. MUTHBR, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornia st., corner Kearny, pays best price foe
furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO Mj
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co., 1057 Market, pays cash,
IF YOU WANT GOOD PnICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BUKD, -211 Larkln.
Q BASCH. 321 SUITER. WANTS FURNI-
O* tv re, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. ll.*«r> JiaHcPt: i"l. Jessie 781.
CAXiPET CLEANING.
JONES CO. carpkt - "cleanino^and"
renovatlns works. Main office 25 and 27 S'.h.
pARPET CLEANING, 3&; LAYING. 3c. : RUU
V samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton, 198 th st.
RKAT WESTERN CARPKT-3KATINU
\T works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tabama su : teL So. 40.
1 lON KLIN 'SCARPKT KEATING WORKS. 353
VJ Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
CMTY'BTKA-MCARFETCLEANING.RENOVA-
) Ung, 3X Bth. STEVENS, mar. TeL isoath 250.
CIARPKTS CLEANED A.NU KENOVATEU
/ like aevr. FERGUSON Jt CO. 23 Tenth- t_
fconth 38. D. MACKINTOSH A I'd, successors.
MITCHELL RPET CLKAM.Vti CO -»ts»
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. , Tel. Mission 74,
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND BBS-
. ovatlng works. 4r>:^ Stevenson : ml. south 2*.ij.
BICYCLES.
JUST IMAGINE A HIGH-GRADE BICYCLE
O for $10 and upward. 306 Post st. , ...
SECOND-HAND STERLING AT EXCEPTION-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
SECONDHAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
0 order: terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30. Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Bet: Hur tandem- DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary si.
• '96 YOSEMITE TANDEM. ALMOST NEW,
$100. W. CRANE, 3-4 Post st.
J" WIN FIELD ARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
QK' NEW FALCON; HIGH GiSADE; $46 AND
<JO $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market.
]?OR SALE—^"6 Ra MBI.K ; WARWICK: IM-
X I penal aud Clipper bicycles at great ba trains.
303 Larkin st. - ' -
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO IIET 7
best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
Allister end Powell it. cur line^. :
*I>K SALt-Jlis C___ AN— O Vs.
TRRIGATOR^. 4 AISD B^HORSE^ SECOND^
X' band gaso:ine engines, tirst-ciass and cheap*
Address G. E.. box 100. Call Office.
UNION-MAKE BICYCLE at A SACKI-
x\- flee. Call 724 Larkin st.
•VINE, LARGE SHORT-HORN COW, calved
.1 a days: second calf: large milker. 1312 Foisom.
GOOD COOKING STOVE (FOR WATER-
back), No. 7: nearly new; cheap. 129 Valen.
da st.
VOR SALK— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-"
X Ham Klfor.l's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East' Oakland!
GOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, 130
VJ Sanscme St., room 9.
0 NEHOKSEPOWKR GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.'
Apply 2103 Larkin st., after 6 p. m.
X-3 H. P. UPKIOHT ENGINE CENTRIFU-
I galpiimpattached&so-llshtdynamo.sl6Missloa
pOUN T X X ti, SHKLVINO, SHOWCASES
V bought and sold. 1121^ Market.bet. 7th<fc3:n.
AKUAINS 1 YPEWKITEKS; ALL MAKES;'
write for prices. Typewriter lix., 310 Chllfornla.
L, O ' RS, ENGIN KMiD-HAXD MACHINERY,
IJ waterplpes. Mclntosh A Wolpman, 137 lieaia.
, " UILDINO.-i Ki.tbllT; LUMKKK, SASH_i
' coow, manteis, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
0 « X *™ ALL , MEDIUM ANI» LARGE SIZB
v^ nre and bnrgisr prop; safe. ,09. 11l Market si.
LURt; AND BURULAR SAF*, LETTER-
-i- prvw, platform scales and desk:cheap. 103 Clay.
■N 1 i W "i ' lOliaI OIia tIEAI'KR THAN SECON*
-t-^ hand. *'. aUa V M:; Co.. 12 California i-
* SEWING MACHINES.
SIN« =ER SEWING-MACHiNE~OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent $1 50 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
ALL KINDS iSOUIiIIT. bOLD. EXCHANGED,
_•**- rented, repaired ; lowest ratt-s. -^05 Fourth st.
„ UOKSES.
s^ BUSINESB BUGGY; MUST
> ' or. cheap and in good order. 406 sixth st. __
T El BOLD HAKKI COMPANY; 500 SETS
XJ of good harness, our . wn make, of every de-
scription, for It as money than you can buy Ea-tern
trnsh ; send for catalogue. 11 McAllister su. S. F.
"I .^.A SETS NEW AND .-KCOND H A SD 11AR-
XfJXJ ness, all kinds; wagons, DUgsdes. surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 11*3 Mission si
Aon BKI NKNV AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
j y*-"-' ness: all kinds: bncsy.waeon. carts, surrey
& rocka war ; 40 cheap horses. 15th anJ Valencia.
40 IiOHBES it SALE- AL>O WAGONS
2 U boggles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hor*3
Market, 3'J7 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednea-
Pay. BULUVAN A DOYLK Auctioneers- •
HORSES PASTURED- ShNU F< >« CIRCO-
»ar. Th" » rrt» Hunch. 6:<O mm r>- «»rclal sU
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGES. '
m«"nioi{SE~TND ;".eXPrISs~WAGOn" FOB
MJ sale cheap. 1128 Folsom st.
Light wagon- almost NEW; cheap.
■*-* Call Conl Yard, 6 Board man pi.
\\ ANTED — G<HJD SfcCOND-HA«IJ TOP
_" buggy. Call or address Bugsie, 820 Folsomsu
OR.-E. WAUON AND HARNESS, $45. AP-
ply 123 Sliver st.
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICKS, FINK
1- carriages of. every desc lptlon: cash, notes, or
installments. Carvili Mfg Co.. 46-48 S:h su, &F.
BLIUHTLV BOILED DliTv ">!■ »■ LOVES;
O samples. 11. M. HEINKMA.V, 109 ?-ansonie si.
]V EW A D SKCOND-HAND BAKERS'. LA UK-
'-».» I dry. milk and grocer.- wagons: «. "> rocltawa/
and a Hnebuggjea. 82H ilarr:- ■• ■&■ _,— ■ ' -
_ HOTEi, TO LEASE.
rTIO , LET—THE W. TELL UOU^K 317-319
X Bush st.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved: compares wit
best i.'d-class hotel In town. MADISON _BURK_JSS>USE» J^J^Jji _
I^TPPEiTfLAT OF 6 ROOMS 447 JESSIE BT.,
U bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Ctrr'-ft twen i y-thihd, hbt. YORK AND
A i OO Hampshire; 6 large rooms; modern im-
provements: gift. ■ ■' ____■
/tj»l A HOUSE OF 6 LARGE ROOMS AND
55 I v*. yard. 917 Treat aye., near Twenty-
socond st. •
3Tt~o HOUSE 3 LARGE booms AND LARGE
C 10.I O . yard. 212% Eleventh au ■■-..;.
OUSK-A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10
Montcomery st. ;
' COTTAGES TO . LKT.
OTTa7TeT6 ROOM^^PIdO^SiRN^IsTpROVK^
\J ments: enamel bathtubs; 9-foot planted base-
ment; 916. 4392 Seventeenth at., above Douglass.
©Q f\(\ COTTAGE 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
tjpO.OU. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts., near Mission. ' ",'
pOTTAGE. REAIt OF 2939 MISSION ST.;
\J three rooms and stable; rent $8. .
/ '(ITT AGE; 3 SUNNY ROOMS: YARD; BASK-
\J men- : small family. 1230 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
FLATS TO LET.
V' fcE~FLAT OF 4~SUN^fYTtOOMS;^GOOD
i-> order; for housekeeping; 910. *_24i/i O'Far-
rell su - ■ .-
<S«"IA FLAT, 3 SUNNY ROOMS. 1110 JES-
-0 X\J. sic at., bet. Herman ana Ridley.
1 QA7 STEIXEUT" NEAR MUTTER— LOWER
iOv I flat, 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
9KI A SUTTEK — NICE SUNNY FLAT;
AlJXrk yard front and rear; rent 915.
Q>-[ I \ BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4 ROOMS; CKL-
OXU. lar, yard. 1059Va Broadway, nr. Jones.
£.(»£. FELL— FLAT, 4 ROOMS; PAPERED:
*J\JO bath: hot and cold water; yard; large base-
ment.
9/*;;q market— nkw FLAT OF 7 SUNNY
— Ui>O rooms and bath; cheap rent; $18.
Q971 EL KG ANT, NEW, EIGHT ROOMS,
'«• - 2- bath and laundry; separate yard; 45
lsi Ividereat. NICOL, SH-M/2 California at. .
_,KOOMS AND BATH: NICE FLAT NEAR
•J Call: 810 and $12. SPECK A CO., 602 Markeu
Q TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
•> tases. from 96 to $JO. SPKCK A CO., 602
Market at, . - - .
0 ] I FLAT .4 ROOMSTBATH AND YARD.
•_ XX, 8b Shot well St., near Fourteenth. > - ■
' BOWIE AYE., OFF KLtVLSi'a e>i.— a.
*-> flat of 3 rooms: cheap renu
I Tm: P03T~3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY'
X I \J\J flats: garden; bath: $1« and SIB-
i- EXTRA LARGE ROOMS AND BATH: ALL
1 ' sunny front rooms; cor. bay-window: rent *'_0:
key at house on NW. cor. Seventeenth and Capp.
C! 1 7 ELEGANT MODEKN SUNNY
<4PX .-flats: 5 rooms, bath. 1 11 San Jose aye.,
near . wenty-fonrth st.
QI 7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AM) jSATU. 1027.
O X 1 ■ Post St., near Poll.-.
0 U LOWER F-L.AT: 6 LOOMS. 375 SAN-
<E?'^. Chez st., near Seventeenth. . ■
•> si N.W FLATS— 4 A.VI) 6 ROOM:?, BATH,
f) i?-^ and $15. 149 and 713 Grove st.
1 UWKR ' BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
1 . rooms. SOy_ Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
I iKSIKABLE SUNNY "FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
J ' with bath and all modern Improvements.
033 Bush st., beu Franklin and Uouah; rent, in-
cluding water, $-42 50.
ll\ 7 7 TVVENTY-THLUD— LOWKR FLAT:
ny/ • I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard; sun all day; rent SI 4 wa er free.
17 I.AT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su
VKW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; 912;
!■> water free. 529 Ivy aye.
hLr-GANT NEW FLATS. br.VKNTH ST., BE-
U low Krvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $S to S?l6.
HOISLKtU'IMi liOOil>.
Bryant Street. ~ '~
CI 1 BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— NICE SUNNY
-*--»- suite, connected: reasonable.
XMldr Mreo..
m 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
, •''l nicely furnished: splendid location; private
family. . .
—ilia >t:ee:.
OOfk ELLIS— TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
OOVJ rooms for housekeeping. in rear: rent, $12.
1 nth street.
O] A FIFTn— SUNNY FRONT -WINDOW
OX*! rm.: kitchen; bath; renovated: private; 912.
09,^ FIFTH— LEAN IBHKD HOUtSE-
O_O keening rooms: 2, $10: 3, $13: single, $5.
xiuua.-ii .-.. . ea..
,"^9?; HOWARD-TWO OR THREE ROOMS,
*J— O furnished compjetc for housekeeping; 910.
(I/IP: HOWARD— LARGE SU.s N V KOOM,
f-'tO furnished for housekeeping; bath.
"I Q, if* HO ■ ARD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH;
-IQ\>U 3 or 4 sunny rooms. $8. ■
i<yde Street. .
m HYDE— 2 OK MORE SUNNY ROOKS;
furnished for housekeeping.
91 A HYDE— LARGE FRONT AND 2 OTHER
£.X \J rooms for housekeeping. '-y
Kearny Street.
IAJ KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
X \J~X rent payable in board if desired.
Liii'hiii Siree;'.\*
O9£> LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
•J— U keeping aptmts; Ist floor; gas ranges; bath.
_9Q LARKIN — NICELY FLII.NIHHED
J — tJ sunny housekeeping rooms; also single.
CAJ LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED bed-
CUlroom and kitchen. 99; large back. $7. :.
Lcaveuwuri li street.
I ni O LEAVEN WORTH — 3 SUNNY CON-
XXJX'J necting unfurnished rooms; yard, cellar,
gas; $15. ■■ ■ ■ ■ .;
Sew Montgomery street, . . ■'
"I A' NEW MONTGOMERY — CHANGED
X\JO hands; clean, ffont housekeeping suites. $8.
o'i'arrell btreet.
91 a O'FARRELL — FURNISHED AND UN-
— 1 "1 furnished rooms for housekeeping with gas;
cheap.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
well furnished housekeeping rooms, 913.
Terry Street.
QJ.Q FOUR UNFURNISHED ALL LIGHT
«IPt7- sunny rooms; new house; rear. 263 Perry.
seventh Street..
lOa SEVENTH— NICE SUNNY • FUKNISH-
J O\J ed housekeeping rooms from $10 month up.
htevenson Street.
C I A STEVENSON— SUNNY, UNFCRNIBH-
OXrt ed rooms for housekeeping; with yard and
cellar. .
Cf* C STEVENSON - TWO URFURNISHED
uUO rooms: cheap. .
i'Af) HTEVENBON. BET. SEVENTH AND
vittAi Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
centraL ..
butter Street.
-1 A SUTTER -REAR; LOVELY SUITE
*JXI furnished housekeeping rooms, only 910.
Taylor Street.
IOR TAYLOR — SUNNY NICELY FUR-
XW ntalied room: also single; cheap.
1 hlrd siraa.
009 THIRD— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
*J\J£j rooms: running water: sunny: rorch: 98-99.
■ n n ' KOOMS TO LKT.
Clement Street.
09c CLEMENT o ST., COR. FIFTH AYE
O_S< Richmond— 2 furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath. -■•-.■•
Clementina Street.
qAQA CLEMENTINA-FINE RM. WITH OR
OXJO without board; family speaks 3 languages.
• ."Uuy". street. .
COn EDDY— FURNISHED j SUNNY SINGLE
*JO\J rooms; 76c to 9* per week.
*...* Mreoi.. ,' \ .
rTHE RAMONA, 130 KLLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
i HART. manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; nearly furnished: elevator: hot A cola water.
Q9l ELLIS, NKAB - TAYLOR— FOR . BEST
O_o 1 lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
q99 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS. A. J.
D^._i CALHOL'N, • Flrst-claaa housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; BO rooms.
. *--*X."j_;ltth street. '
QHERMAN APARTMENT \ HOUSE, 29 BTH
0 «... near Market: furnished and unfurnished. .
Eleventh Streeet. '
OAi ELEVENTH— ITIjUNNY FRONT UN-
— ' ' i furnished rooms, or upper part of house (4
rooms). '-.-.:•- : . ■■ . •
Fulton {Street.
116 FULTON-FURNISHED BOOM, $5.
t»«:ur_____reo.." '
91 71 GEARY — LARGE .' FCRNISHED OK
&X %% unfurnished rooms. Key at 217. :
4 OAGEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
''"y rooms: single or suite: reasonable.'.. .-.:
71 I GEARY— 6 .UNFURNISHED SUNNY
Ixx rooms: rear; yard.. - " - '.  ;
THE MAKTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
x handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
""nun up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness ava
ROOMS TOLET-Contlnned.
liolden;<iate Avenue."
lft^Q GOLDEN, GATE AYE.— ONE
j.\j*j*j nlshed sunny front room : running water.
'; ! liowarci Street.
f*OO HOWARD — SUNNY SINGLE AND
\J+jU double rooms, reasonable; gas: bath.
!-j »-»>riiT strcu.. ,
OA KEARNY— FRONT SUITE (FURNISHED)
»v and single rooms; tourist solicited.
A ISLINGTON HOUSE, 12-7 KEARNY -
xv Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable.
We have rooms to rent, call at
Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Jessie Street.
KOO JESSIE. SB. ' SIXTH— 2 ROOMS, SUlT-
*J£i£j able for a gentlemen or man and wife.
ones m rrot.e t.
907 -ONES — THK- VAN WINKLE: NEW
4J\J I management: elegant tunny suites and
tingle; newly furnished: bath, etc.; 810 to BSU.
V , Lark in street.
Q1 A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OX*! room; also suite of parlors; bath.
"I f)C LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
Xv/U gle and double rooms; rent low.
• LegTenworth street. ■
mLEAVENWORTU— PARLORS;
private house; gentlemen only ; ■ references.
: , Jiarki>r miob.. -
VOBEMITE " HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
X night. Sso to $1 : week, SI 50 to 95: families. ■
";- r ''...*" Mason Street. .
QQ£ MASON — ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE;
O^U bath: «20.
JJiniiia Mi-eei.
A AC) MINNA ST.— LARGE BUNNY FRONT
:i"l«i room, suitable for two: also single; $6 A $4.
teen. MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms: 81 a week.
Montgomery Avenue. '•
A I Qa MONTGOMERY AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
1O nished sunny rooms; every. convenience
$6 up. - - '. ■■ ■
O' .barrel l Street.
AQI O'FARRELL ST.— DOUBLE PARLORS;
"iOl cheap; man and wife or two gentlemen. - ,
f*]£i O>FA RELL- COMFORTABLE HOME,
Ul small English family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable. ',
79?; i O'FARKELL— NICKLY FURNISHED
i —Ox front room; folding bed; private family;
SlO a month.- . -. ' : .- -. . . • .
folk Street.
1 1 POLK-NEW BUILDING, COR. SUT-
A-J-OO ter; 2 nicely furnished front rooms.
1 f\f\') I*OLK — 2 .OK 3 UNFURNISHED
,XUU-J rooms to let. ■
loweil Street. '
OOC POWELL, COR. GEARY— LARGE
__«.) sunny front rooms. , 1
San Carlos Avenue. ■-•" :
OOC SAN CARLOS AYE.— 6 BOOMS AND
-Cl-CIU bath; water Included, $20. -.-.
Seventh Street.
m SEVENTH— SUITK OF HOUREICEEP-
ing rooms, rent $12; other rooms $1 per
week up. :
Mxtli Street.
m SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
nicely famished single and double rooms.
tcvenaon Street.'
JOO STEVENSON— NICELY- FURNISHED
Tt_j_j front sunny bay-window room ; cheap; also
a side room.
tuner street. '
C"| A SUTTER — FOR DOCTORS OR DEN-
OX^ tlsta. elegantly furnished suite cheap.
IJfiO SU'I'TKR, COR. TAYLOR- ELEGANTLY
• \JO newly furnished sunny rooms; en suite or
single. • "'*■•'.:>,
Thirteenth Street.
99Q THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
-J-jO Mission— Single furnished front room. $5. .
Tnrk Street.
QfJAI TURK, COn! LEAVENWORTH —
OUW3 Bright, sunny, furnished rms; reasonable.
P\9zl 1 TURK— TWO NICK SUNNY ROOMS;
U-^ttg rent 98; also unfurnished, $5.
\ mv .16*1 AVeilUO.
NEWLY FUP_ SUNNY ROOMS; MODERN
-LI flat: board optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
' : ' Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL— FOB'-
nlshed rooms, single or on suite: <8 and *16 nr>
UOAIiDING AMi kooms.
tTtTgeary— nickly^^ furn"ish"ed^ko3Jt
t XKt room with board: terms reasonable.
7 I 9 POST— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS WITH
I 1— excellent bo.rd; 940 for 2; with privilege
of parlor and piano; a pleasant home.
COLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY, Fop.-
-1 merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation es a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy at.; meals 25c.
rpilK STEWART, cokTkllis and LEAVES-
X worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
TJ OTKL BKKTLINU, 714 BUBH— A FAMILY
| XJL hotel: references given and required: all mod-
-1 »m convenlencp^. - - . -
CUILDKEN BOABDED.
fTERMAN WIDOW ' WILL~^SXrD^TWO
VJ children; 915 month. 139 Perry st.. 9 to 10 p. m,
STORKS TO LET.
TOK^C^RTTATA^fETTETi^aTHTJwXrVDI
O with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent. ' - .
OFFICES TO -LET.
91 Xa. POST — 3UNFUKNIBHED ROOMS,
J^XO with carpets, suitable for offices: first floor.
O PRECKELS~BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
O Elegant sunny offices, 912 50 up; electric-light:
heating and janitor service free. Apply at bulldlnz
or«. H. UMBSEN A CO.: 14 Montgomery at. - ■
MUSICAL --lKSTßUaiiiNri.'. '
"© "j C\C\ FOB' A GOOD UPRIGHT; 9125 FOR A
<PAV/U large Newhall up: 8175 for fine new
pianos: call at once if you want bargains. MAU-
VA IS, 769 Market st.
WE HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms, . These
Instruments have been called In' from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for Home time without being sold. Call
early and secure (, bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
& CO., cor. Kearny and j Suiter sts., Stein way rep-
resentatives. • ■ •••. ■'■;■■■■ •.?.'..•"»:
CILOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
/small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. 91 35: mandolins, 93 35; guitars, $3-
antoharps, 81; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,'
cases for 'instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HA lIP. V sSCOTT, 929
Market St.. Spreckels building.
ianos half price. -:- ."■-. - . ••;
administrator's sale
TO close eBtatk OF chas S. EATON.
- . MUSTSELi>.
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy. .
Call and examine. 735 Market at. .
8 OUK NEW BENT; CONTRACT PLAN
permits of onr selling some pianos for 93 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms ' and low prices. ■ . SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives. ■ :
T ADY IN NEED O*' CASH WILL bACRI-
X * flee her fine Standard upright for 125: a rare
chance. Km. 21, Flood buiidg, Fourth and Market.
MAGNIFICENT . NEW UPRIGHT PIANO;
best make; will be sold for 8260 to pay ad-
vances. 1921 st.
©I OX BARGAIN ;. FINE UPRIGHT
*S>XOO. Schmitx. 16 McAllister St., next Hl-
be rnia Bank. ' ', . . ! '-,'-'.* : '
W ILLIAM O. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
" the celebrated Ilallet * Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento at. . ■ .
lAN.JS-DO YOU WANT OSKf FINEST
x stock on the Pacific coast. \,Tllfc F. W. SPEN-
CI'.R CO.. 933 Market st. ■
UKFOKK BUYING HKK H AINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ A. Gerts . and ■ Knabe •• pianos; -at - : wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post bU ■.-.. -
C»HICKKKINU, KNABK. BTKUK.VOBK, BTEB-
■ ling pianos; see our new piano for 9187: piano*
lor rent. BK.NJ. CUKTAZ A HON. 16 O'Farrali. -
ASTEINWAY 9175; STECK 9150: HTEKL-
lngBloo;Ladd $60. BRtKNN'3, 288 Post.
YKON JIAIZV, 'MS POST ST.— BOUMKa,
Newby «fe Kv»m. Prices md other pianos. -
SU PERIOR VIOLINS ZITHERS, OLU4NKW
O H. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placa.
.— l— ■----^--' STORAGE. v -" '—^ r:l ' '
<^oßTG^^cTiEAp^iTi^T^E"crr^yTfirk^
O proof building; advances made.- 211 Larkln.
v H. BOoNEY. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• icdcced rates: basement storage,9l: 60 par load
UKNITURK. -PIANOS," TRUNKS; -. AD- ;
X I vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL011.204 Post.:
,T. OWESr RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc j J. M. r*erce, 735 MarkeL |
B. BMITH • FURNITURE ; CO., -; 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: proof building; » Kastern - plac
.•,-.• =;".. TYI'EWBITEBS'. _; ; ' ,'." :
EMINGTON, 935: : SMITH; 96C 1; HRND FOB
sample work. SCOTT A BANK AN,333Mntgmy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
PEKSOSAM. . ;.. ,
RsT^Rr^TINER^HAS REOPENED THE
Elite Dressmaking : Parlors at 102 Taylor St.,
where she will be pleased to receive : her old cus-
tomers and friends.
Ra. THOMPSON, HAIRDRESKKR AND
manicure; lessons given. 230 - Kearny ■ at.,
room 14. ... >. : • ".  ,
. "L"AXLIXG HAIR. SCROFULA , AND DIS-
X eased scalps cured by Qulnonla: I sell it; best
hair-dressing In the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally good. $1. G. LEDEREK, 111
Stockton St., store nearest Geary. •
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other. skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion;, externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco, Cal. . / ..■'.;■
AD V ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SP&
dally ; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. U.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 Market st
T3IG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KV2-
-L» ' ry night cor. ♦larket and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertteements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness.- Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-*»- can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.: also
f^ 8 i S i l ! oods> » clo » k «. Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHIIJj'S. 213-216 Mason st.; open evenings. -
"R^F l ' ° LIGHTS IN . EVERY BOOM I
oHn Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
ZUO rooms, 250 to 81 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
weeg; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T- ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
•U business partner; small capital. 122 Post su,
room 2.
VI lIS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
-"a Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city.
W ATCH AND JEWELRY . REPAIRING;
._. . w P rice *: first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BItITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.,
VI KS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND FA.
•"-»• clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearny st., room 47. .
QUITS TO OKDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
'r 1 guaranteed - parties, 815 upward. Cut-rate
Company,! 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
STYLISH MILLINERY AT REASONABLE
prices. MRS. S. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
A P. SWAIN. ARTIfcT: CHINA, TAPEST 1 V:
• oil lessons 50c. 14 McAllister st., room ia
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. <k Kearny.
C CLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufra' cost. Factory, "0 i-amonie, upstairs.
"DAZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
■iv fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
LIBERAL AUVAM'KS ON 11AMONDS, JKW-
elry. fir. : lowest rates. S4H Market st. '
SWTROZYNSKI. LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
OLD GOLD. SILVER, I.KNTri' AND LADIE*
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 in. cor. Jessie.
.•CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-THS
\J y> EEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
- "...-; DKESSUAKKKS.
MRS. J. KOCH WISHES TO' INFORM THE
ladies of her reopened dressmaking parlors,
1417 Mission st.: exact fit, best style and reason-
able prices guaranteed,
D"ReVsMAKINO AND PLAIN SEWING
cheap. Address 21*8 Mason at.
D BESSES «2 UP: WRAPPERS 3 i CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natonia St., above mxili.
CLAIItVOYAXTS. . .
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED.
Failure unknown. . PROFESSOR M. L. CAU-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will clve ad-
vice on business speculations, Insurance, love,
courtship,' marriage and divorces; : settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites tha separated . and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences.
cures bad habits, gives advice ou lawsuits and
everything relating 10 the future, thousands of
families long separated reunited by • his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for ' circular. ■ 220 Eddy st.
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY. ~ •., ■•••. ■ -.- .
VT This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fa'e; sbo ad-
vises you" ou speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony : she reunite* • the separated :
:<nd caves speedy a d happy marriage with the j
one of your choice; hours, 9 to 8 p. M. . 8 Turk st.
\\T II CUE-. WERE BURNED. BUT MME.
» i. Stevsert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast: test her powers ere she sails for Kurope: she
guarantees to bring back lost love; makes' peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
VI ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN- I
i»l precedented success in New York City, great- ,
estcard reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms .0 all; hours 10 108. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. : elevator.
M.K. POKTKR. wonderful - CLAIKVUY
ant, card-reader, born v.i.h a douole vrtlat'i
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings «l 60. 126 Turk su, nr. Jones.
MMX. A KNOT. BKSl 1 KUUTL'.M. TI.Li.KK l.s"
J'l ' the world: 60c and 1, shows you the picture of
yonr luture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor. Market
ETURNKI), WOKLD-RENOWNED MM
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: price moderate. 858 Mission. •
ME.KKNNER, GREAT LIFE AND PLAN-
et reader; 25 ana 60 cents, 1214 Larkln, near
Bush st. '. ■ ..-...-■• ■ - ■ ■
G~ YPSY LIFE-READER;: LA DIBS ■ 25c;
gents 60c: all questions answered. 6 Seventh.
MMiC MOBEAU. BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MME. IiEGKITEi PRESENT. PAST AND
XU future: 25c. 311Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME.; DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Keamy, now 929 Post; fee «1; letter $2.
ME. HAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business ad vice; names given up. 5 Fourth.
MMX. HYBILLK Tf.LLS FROM CRADLK 1O
ihe grave: fee -5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB !
WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
SriIUTIJALISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS.' DR. A. D." HOWE.
FF.R »1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? -Are you In trouble, sick or "down" ? If so
read this and learn thnt life is yet worth living!
MKS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, is
again at her old offices,' l32o Market street, San
Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who • will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to tbe unlucky: love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
I poor come rich; If yon think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at . once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure means!'. Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered . and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to. and no
i matter of how long standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall Is always most suc-
cessful and satlrtfacory. All letters answered.
- Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. >
FEE «1 <fc UPWARD! FEE SI A UPWARD!
' MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
; . : 1320 Market at, opp. Seventh,
' San Francisco.
MRS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, . ~~~
The world-renowned spiritual . medium, still
continues to hold the public's attention by her
wonderful work. Thousands - have . been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. ; Your life described from cradle to
the grave. - Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and alUlc.ed: letters 1 with stamp
answered: diagnosis trom lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays; sittings $1. 1206 Market st.
PEOPLE'S SPIRITUAL SOCIETY TO-NIGHT,
X lll.Larkin st.; Mrs. Hendee Rogers, Mrs.
Hausman and others. : " ' .• -• --•- • : .-. • ■
ishop garrison. 1370 market; sean-
oea Tuesday. Friday even's., 25c. ; 10 to 4 dally.
VI RS. KATE HOSKINU, TRANOtS AND BUbl-
i'l ness medium; sittings daily; 81. 136 Oak st.
LAIRVOYANT; LADIES ONLY : FEE 25&
VJ 41 Minna : basement. ■"- -■-,■•-- • ■: *•- .--»»
':; astrology. ;;: ,/-.;■;
ETMCAirAiijTRoToG^^
vital remedies remove nil chronic troubles and
restore to perfect health.'" 311 Hyde at.. 10 to 3.
*— — "*^*^^"""^**^— i
■:}•■ I>fcN TISTS. '?• '■ '.■■■;
TvR^ME^DETJT^L^S^SOciIATION,^7S9 MAR!
VJ ketst.. bet. Third and Fourth; gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction: artifi-
cial teeth from 95; fillings from 91; extracting 50
cents, with gas $1. '•'.-'.?- > >: - :• ' ' -■ ■•;
DR. OKORUKW.-.LEEK,.TfIK GENUINE
• Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell at.
Ir«IRST-CLABS DENTISTRY: >; FIRST-CLASS
1 prices: - first-class ' results: ., painless ' extraction
' and painless ■ Implantation. of ■ teeth. .W. C. HAH-
DINC. C.M., M.D., 600 Suiter at., corner Powell.
I It. DUCK KIT, 1703 POVf - ; ST., NEAR BU-
I ' ccanan; gas given; crown and bridge work. .-
K. L. T. < KAN Z—EXTK ACTION PAINLESS j
crown ; work, » bridge : work .' and teeth thou: I I
plates a specialty. " 103 Geary at., cor. Grant ara. • .
G«7 A sKT FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<p I ■ good as can be made: filling 91. ■ Dr. SIMMd, '
dentist. 980 Market at., next Baldwin Theater, f.:
I\K. rLU DLUM - HILL, . 1443 .; M ARKKT . ST.. '
XJ near Eleventh: I no charge for extracting when
plate* are I made: old I plates made over like new; .
teeth from 88 per act; extracting 60c; gas given. ■'•',
VULL ; .-cl OF Ihfclh, : 7 : WARRANTED
, J. flvn years, r' DR. V. CA VaLMKY, 21 Sixth at. ';
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A i-^ATii DKTiT
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk at-r; y .- • . ~
PAINLESS KXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN :
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 rear*
experience.' R. L. WaL&H. . D.D.H.. 815-14 Geary. ;
IO.LTON"DKNTAL^ ASSOCIATION. 80d M.A.&
I ket st. . DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ; > ; ■
DR. J. J. LJEEK, 1206 MARKET, COB, OOLDES
. Oat* . aye.— Open ; evenings ; ■ Sundays till noon. i
, r . educational.
anted^Tby^ "expert", accountant
several sets of books to I write |up - evenings;
also, lessons in • bookkeeping given; terms mod-
erate; best of references. Address L. C, box 144,"
Call office. ; ; ,- ,;■;:-■'•-';•"■--'■ -'.- ' .-.■:. --•*.'.
TTEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
XX Bookkeeping, : business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical, engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught Write for catalogue. "
A TTKND STIEHL'S COLLEGE. 723 MARKET
.fv-st. The very best Individual instruction;
20 trial lessons • In Shorthand, i Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1: books free.
YRES'. THK LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 825 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, - etc: Ufa
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
T ELAttCO'a LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACI'ING—
J> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
Q-CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, ME.
0 chanlcal ' engineering, surveying, architectnre-
assay: '64. VAN PKKNAILLEN, 7'i3Mkt,
"I7<LOOOriON. DRAMA, DELSARTE, PHYBI-
Xli cal < culture, voice '. culture; appearances • ar-
ranged., 299 Hyde st ; call after 1 p.m. -,
/"IUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO VOCAL
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MAKY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY. A YE.,
Berkeley; special classes tor the universities.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
in staging; $4 a month. 854 Mission su '
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, - banjo. 1707 MarneU
TVTIOHT hOIiOOL-.HKALD'S BU«.COLLKGET24
xx Post-.com marclal. shorthand, English: low rates
OOKKPNG, WRITNO, ARITHMTC.GRAMB
day & nl-.-ht; noclasses: $5 month. 845 Mission
OSEPiI ■ IiKi.VKN. VOICE-IMPItOVEU. 82
Ninth st. . '...":.' y-
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 31 CO. postr
ace free. -_-■%..■■,. : ■• .< ■ ■ -■ -.. ... .
— _.: . ■ ATTOIW YS- AT-L AW. ~~
xl. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market
T E. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ, damage cases a specialty; money to loan on
estates; charges moderate. - Offices 508 California.
LEGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITHOUT
illicit ; advice free and confidential. -< P.O.
box 2132, San Francisco.
R. W. KING, ATTORNEY-AT^LAW. CHRON-
. Ide Dldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
". r W. DA VI Y-A l'-LA W, 420
' . California' St.: rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
PROPOSALS.
P"roposaXs^fo^"whitenino" and tist-
X Ing school houses— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
in open session of the Board of -Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
29, 1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. it., for whl mine and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and count v of
San Francisco: Broadway, Buena Vista, Cleve-
land, Clement,, Cooper, Columbia, - Crocker, Den-
man. * Edison. : Emerson, ' Btmtt, F.ilrmounu
Franklin, Fremont, (larfield, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, Haigli., j Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
llpury Durant,' Horace Mann, Huinbo:dt. Irving;
John bwett, Jefferson, Lafayette, Le Come, La-
mina Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell irhjn,
Madison, Marshall, Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, -Pacific Heights,
Peabody, Polytechnic. Redding, Richmond, Kin-
con. Sherman, South Cosmopolitan, Sheridan,
South San Francisco, Spring. Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Sutro, Washington, Webster. West
End, Whit ler and V infield ■ scott schools: all
work to be done in accordance wl.h specifications
on tile at the storeroom of the School Of panment,
corner Pine an 1 Larkln sts. Each bidder will be
required to submit a separate estimate on each of
tbe above-named buildiugd. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. ■ ■ -.
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
"PROPOSALS FOR A STONE BULKHKAD—
X sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools In open session of
the Board of Education, new City Hall, San Fran-
cisco, on Wednesday, Ju <• 22, 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. if., for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the Lafayette Primary School, in' the City and
County of San Francisco, In | accordance with the
specifications (and the conditions mentioned
therein) at the office of Churl- a 1. Havens, archi-
tect of the board, room 55, Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market stree s. The board • reserves
the rUht to reject any or all i bids as the public
good may require. ' .
G. ORGE BKANSTON. Secretary. ;
PROPOSALS TO LIGHT THE PUBLIC
X streets— Clerk's ■ office. Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco, July 6. Wtti ■: -•'
In accordance with Keso ution No. 14,459 (third
aeries) of the Board of Supervisors, s*E A LKI>
PROPOSALS will be received in open session of
lie board on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 13,
1896, from 2:30 to 8 o'clock, to light with gas all
tli<! put lie streets of this city : and cmnty fora
period of two years, on Mid from Ai:cust 1. 1896,
In accordance with the followi'i specifications:
.Gas— The «as to be furnished to be of a standard
quality and Illumlnattng power of not less than
seventeen candles, sai.i 1 .11 mlnati c power to be
determined by tests made by the Gas inspector in
his office, who shall use for said tests such burn-
as will obtain from the cas the greatest amount of
light, and practicable for use b\- the consumer,
and consuming at the rate of n a cubic feet of gas
per hour. : .;:..'-:
lampposts and .Lamps— lampposts to-be
used to be of the came material ana not to be less
in height than the lampposts now in use. and to be
erected and lighted at such locations as may be
designated by the board.
The number of lampposts to be erected and
maintained during the continuance of tbe contract
to be not less than 6100,- with the understanding
that the number may bo Increased from time to
time under the direction, or the board, but not to
exceed 5800 in a!L The lampposts to be erected
and maintained at > r contiguous to the present lo-
cations of street lamps erected throughout the city
and county, and at such locations as may be df>s>g-
nated by tbe board, the board to have tbe rl.ht to
change the location of the same from time to time
upon payment of the actual cost of labor and mate-
rial in making said changes or removals. When
lamps are ordered to be erected in certain sections
of the city where no mains are laid then the mains
shall be extended or arrangements made by which
the lighting of said sections of the city shall be
effected, but in 110 event shall more lights be
erected than Can be paid for out : of the lund pro-
vided for street lighting during the fiscal year.
Lamps— The lamps to re similar to those now In
use, or ouch as mat- be approved by the board, and
the burner to be used In the lamps In lighting the
public streets to consist of a single turner of the
same site now . used in -the main thoroughfares.
The burners of . tbe various lamps to average a
con.-umpuon of not less than five cubic feet per
hour. - ' ■ .: ■•.;.'.. .-;y. ™ / ..' >
The, lampposts, lamps, service pipes, mains and
all appurtenances Incidental and necessary to com-
plete equip the lamps n-ady for lighting to he
furnished by the succeisful .bidders, who shall
erect, maintain and I keep the same In proper con-
dition and repair. "'■• . , 
Lighting lumps— The last lamp upon each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour after sunset
and to be ex ingu shed h If an hour before sun-
rise; provided, that durlnar the months of Novem-
ber to February, inc>usivc, in each year, no I mps
shall be lighted during tbe night of full moon and
tbe night preceding and the night following- also
that during the months of March to ' October, In-
clusive, 111 each ear, no lamps shall bellgnteddur-
ing the night of ; full moon, two nights preceding
and the nlgnt following. . .
Cleaning and ' repairing lamps— All the lamps to
be kept in proper condition, and cleaned at least
twice In each week, and at each of said cleanings
all tbe glass shall be thoroughly cleaned, both on
tbe Inside and outside of the lamp, and all the dust
and dirt shall be brushed from -the frames. The
lamps are to be repaired and reglazed within
twenu-four hours . after any portion of the same Is
broken. ■ , . . : •
Street signs— -The names of streets, places aad
alleys to U- painted on the gas lamps throughout
the city and county at street crossings, main and
sub ll vision street intersections, ana at the inter-
sections of places and alleys with the main streets;
at main-street crossings two names on each | lamp,
at intersections of main streets not less than two
names on each; lamp, at intersection subdivision
streets, places or. alleys not less than two names
on each'- lamp. The : : letter, ..- color, : ntyle
and location of the names on the lamps
to bo , approved ,or designated ;by the '-. Board
of -.. Supervisors. : The ' names ■, of « street, etc.,
on each ;< lamp to be kept clean and In position
so as to be plainly, visible, and within twenty- four
hours In ' case of breakage to be repaired | and the
name or names repainted thereon, and In no event
are the luupa to be turned so as to miaplaco the
names of the streets as Indicated on each lamp.
Bidders will estimate and bid- n. price per lamp
per night, for which they ' will furnish, erect, re-
pair, and keep, In good repair: and condition all
lampposts, lamps, • servic a, street sign* . and : ap-
purtenances,' furnish gas and light the lamps on
all the streets; p. aces and alleys according Ito ■ the
foregoing specifications. - ■' "
- a General Notice— Bidders will estimate with - the
understanding that no compensation . shall be al-
lowed for any lamp or lamps except such as shall
be lighted during tbe whole time , provided - In • tbe
foregoing -specifications under, which a contract
may. be awarded: also, that within ; three; days
prior to the expiration of each month the Gas In-
spector shall fnrtilsb the pariies to whom the con-
tract is awarded the t.me during * Inch the lamps
shall lighted and extinguished each and 'every
night and morning of the succeeding mon-.h. All
bills of the successful bidders upon- the execution
of a contract and | a periormance In I compliance
therewith shall be presented and paid monthly at
tbe end of 'each calendar month. .  . - - r
. - No bids will be received from parties enraged In
the manufacture or supply of gas until . said I par-
ties nave connection with the . apparatus In - the
otlice of the Gas Inspector, New ; city Hall build-
ing, and iiave had the Illuminating power of said
gas tested. .. ;-"■■ .,;,'! i. , ■-...- , . ... . ■'. , : ,
-Bidders will be required to deposit with the clerk
of the Board of , Supervisors ; a ; certified check
drawn to the order o! the clerk, to be approved by
said clerk, upon some' bank in tbe City and County
of San Francisco,' in the sum of 9 1 0,0«>0 gold coin
conditioned if the proposal . is accepted . and ■ the
contract awarded: and If tne bidder shall tailor
neglect to execute a written contract therefor and
give a good and sufficient bond, with two sureties.
d ;ha sum of 935,000, for the proper fulfillment of
said- contract, within ten I days after the award Is
made, then I and In that case the said sum ' ahull be
paid Into the < City, and i County .Treasury by said
clerk, as liquidated damages for such I failure and
neglect.- ... ■»•■-■ .-• .- . -.■ . '... / - ■■] ••-. -.- t -r.' ■:-■;
1 It is also to be distinctly understood that the
board, reserves the right to reject all bids if the
public good so requires. •»•' V-"'--' s V*j*ss»scas;.'*;' f .* ! :v"
Also, that the party or parties to whom a con-
tract is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay the
cost of advertising this 'notice in three : dally
newspapers. • - . :
Blank proposals furnished by the clerk. . .' v
• JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
.^ . . V city^ REAL ESTATE.
7^heap~lots; ""-" '" """ '••'7' "■"""' ■.;:"':- -..- r^ 1 -'-
V jMm_3aßr_BßE'*- — ' ' ' ' ' "'■ - ■ •■' '
600— Cheapest lot in the Mission; : 2lst St., nr.
Folsom; 25x110. •
$550— 20 th aye., nr. Point Lobos: 25*120.
$sbO— cheap: -north. side of Point 'Lobos
aye., bet. 27th and 28thuvc?.-. 25x100. •• - -
■■» $5150— A"? genuine bargain: Broadway, bet.
Franklin and Gongh sts.; lot 31x100; marine
view. ":.-.' : "-.: . -,--.. „■*;---.■.-• i- i v ? .' • - % " ■■■ • '
; ' $1400— llth »ye.. nr. Point Lobos: 60x100.
$2250— Fine lot on north side of McAllister st.,
bet. Baker and Lyon; 25x137:6: easy terms. ■
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
-■•■'.. : 10 Montgomery st. ■
ARK LOTS. • ~ ~T~~~T
.__. ; $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
Lots In the block bounded by H and I streets,
9th and 10 th venues; faces the Park at 9th
avenue entrance. ' 'MM^^^'w^gaagmaqMymcgj
' The most . desirable ■ lots -In . the city :at the
prices; all streets (traded: sidewalks laid: 'every
lot level and on grade with street; water and gas
mains laid to property. -.- - . ■
ONLY $730 UPWARD.
BIG BARGAINS. GOOD INVESTMENTS.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, :
- -'• ■ .-."'. 10 Montgomery st.
NAPS ON EASY TERMS. "~~- ■ ■—■-
a?/» LOTS FOR HOME BUILDERS.
Location unsurpassed. £«HMa«|fa_a|g__iJ!ai||||«|
Lots $350 to $4UO.
Terms— ss cash, $5 monthly. ". ' .
Streets gradea. sewered and macadamized.
\\'atcr piped to every lot. . -
Take the Gnerrero-st. electric cars (Miss on or
Valencia transfer 14th), ride to C'bencry and
Castro sts , and see the Castro-sU Addition. No
lots in the city so good for the price, either for in-
vestment or home site. •
? BALDWIN, A HAMMOND.
- - - 10 Montgomery st. ■'.
T ARKIN-ST FLATS .-.. . -.■-•■ ...*
XJ AT A GREAT SACRIFICE.
' $7750— Rent, $67: 3 flats of 5, 6 and 6 rooms
and bath each; lot 26x100. :.- --
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
X OPPORTUNITY" FOR INVESTORS; $250
cash; balance about same as rent: we will 'sell
a lovely < cottage of five .or six rooms for actual
amount of mortgage. •'
mf'nA CASH, $2000 IN PAYMENTS, BUYS
tJpUI/V/ lovely 6-room modern cottage; block
from Ualght st. -■
ffl> 1 nnn CASH, $850 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
«JP lU \J\J. 2 flats and rear cottage, near Hyde si.
$OfiXf\ BUYS TWO LOVELY NEW FLATS
O\)k)\J near Seventeenth st. ; rented, $80. '
<RA7f\(\ BUY'S 3 NEARLY NEW FLATS
«3)^t I \J\I on a carline only few blocks from
City Hall rented, $47.
©11 fiflft CO : 6 FLATS (NEW) ON CAB
(J) 11 ,UUU line: rented, $116.
<Bil d Kflfl PROPERTY WITH 2 FRONTS,
U.UUU within block of Baldwin: rent $105.
Other good bargains.
■ . A. M. SPKCK A CO., 602 Market »U
CC. BEMJJ*. " - ..- ; ..• . '
. KKAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. 324 MONTUOMKKYST.
: 'FOR SALE.
$2600— E. aide of Manyan st- bet Carl and
Frederick: 25x100 feet.
$450— tian Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feat.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the PresfHlo and bay. ■-■ . . . . - .
$6000—2 rriodern . bouses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x187 :ti feet; electric road pa-sea house*;
make offer. ; • . •■ •
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on ' Harrison at.,
bet. First ana Fremont. "TTiWrrWTWftmiiiniiiifMtiiii jj
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl st*.
$300— Choice building lots north of nark.
VJ ISSIO.N COTTAGES. • ■.'■-. ••-'! .
In the warm -belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th st. and | Potrero aye. ; all street work
finished: terms to suit; live sold ■ this month by
F. NKLSON, builder, on premises:
$2000— Five-room co tage.
Five-room cottage.
$1800— Four-room cottage.
$1600— Four-room cottace.
$1400— Four-room cottage.
QQflfl COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LOT 25x125:
<tO)<J\J\J. 114 Falrmount st., % block from cars
and l»/i ■'. blocks • from 30th St.; easy terms.
NICHOL, 634 V. California St. ,
/ «HEAP-sUNNY NEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
\J and bath : lot 'J5x114. . Apply 125 29th su
If OH SALE; REAL ESTATE BY PACIFIC
J- Bank, for <>as!i; parties seeking investments In
City or country property, will find th < a good op-
portunity for bargains. Apply at office, 530 Cal-
tornlast., 8. F. v .
SUBSTANTIAL, , MODERN HOUSK BUILT
at from $150 to $275 ' a room; call and sea
plans. JAMES McCONaIIEY, 1149 Mission st. •
CM l\(\ flflfl TO LOAN, CITY, AT 6%: ALSO
«3IXUU.I/UU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in 1 robate, small or sums.
MIAIXWALI), BUCKBEE A - CO., 218-i:2O
Montgomery st. .■'.■•■ :
CmKAP — ONE 2-STORY UOUSK" LOT; 7
i rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
• ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
Un Waller »;.. nr. Stanyan. 1' 2 block (i. <;»!•■ I'Hr;.
I'ltOl-iSKTV TO KXUHA.VGK; /
qorj A CRES KERN cou!«ty (clears
O£\J DECKER. 1020 Market at .■
4QA-ACHE RANCH (CLKAR) TO EX^
'iOV chance. DKCKER. 1020 Market st.
1 fl ACRE IRUIT RANCH, 3 MILKS SOUTH
XV/ of Santa Rosa: rich sol], 6 or 7 acres fruit ana
vines, full bearing; bouse, barn, etc.: will exchange
for city property. J., box 41, 1 all Office.
1 9£o ACRES TIMBER LAND, KER.V CO.;
. j_^2-_^''' t< ' r: lineforcafp-rrix ng. N..bx.16.Ca1l
' ■ ' PKOPEKIIf WAXTKI). ~ ~
FOR RENT — CHOICEST. LOCATION *IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270;' fruits, and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; ;to • first-class . tenant long - term. ■ Mac
CAPTAIN MORRISON. Berkeley. ". ■
■_ ._■_. MOMir to LOAN.
NY AMOUNT ,-"', ON BONDS=, DIAMONDS,
. watches, jewelry, silverware, ••alskins, silks
and instrun. ents; interest low: private entrance:
private rooms: • discreet • attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. ; ,,■?
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, also on rurnliure, pianos, without re-
moval:- lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWtLKY
STORE, 948 Market at. : open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTKKr
pst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. - Coin, box 2, Call.
VI ONEY LOANED ON JKWJiLKY AXD
I'J other valuables at tba ' Fecnrity * Loan Office.
lltlßMarketsu.nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
1 IRECT ON YOUK FURNITURK OR PIANO:'
XJ no removal: no delays: . no commissions- low
Interest. - Km. 68, Donohoa bldg. 1170 Market su
ANY AMOUNT: 18T. 'il> or 3D MOKTUAOKd:"
estates, undivided interests, real estate in iiro.
bate. McI'OLUAX. 24 Montgomerr. room 3. :
IbT&'-D MORTGAGES: IN E*
Ules;lowest rates:no dp|ar.MUßPHY,62BMrku'
• A DVANCES ON DIAMONDb.JKWELKV. KTU ■
£2 Colnmbia Loan it <'oi'.Htf»r»l <itlir» 9 Hrmnt nm.
■ ■■_ . ■ fAWKBKOKKKs" — — — — —
AT- 126 "KEARNY BT ROOM 9— MONEY
Xl. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
■ vate rooms: ■ elevator: pledges for sal 1 cheap.' ' .
_.'_:.-' . llliDlUAL,' :v ~: "~
As BLESSING 'TO ' LADIES BUFFERING
from : Irregularities and ; diseases • peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from an» bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home -in confinement. DR. A • MRS.
DA VIEs, 14 McAllister St., next Uibernla Bank:
consult free: . French regulating ■ pink pills $2:
hours from 9a.m.t05 p. x. and 7t09 p. if. ; • • ;'
LL" CASES :of irregularities RK-
aidred r In » few boors; < safe ■ and sun , relief
guaranteed; . travelers helped without I delay pri-
vate 'home 'In confinement; regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ■■ ELECTRICITY i used; . ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you wilt save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential. '■■
; MKS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post at., near Larkln. .
, NEW PROCKBS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRTJ-
ruent or worthless pills used; every woman her
own ' physician | for ail female troubles, no matter
from - what j. cause; - restores -' always ; in ; one day;
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed -
If you . want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st- : ,
RS. GOODWIN. DISEASES OF WOMEN A
.specialty; unexcelled in restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement;: best of
care: low fees:? pills $2. Removed trom 1370
Market su to 904 McAllister st. '■;,.■ ;i i :: -j .
, A AU'S FRENCH ; PILLS— A , BOON .; TO
XX ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger;
safe and sure; ■$2 60 >.-xprene C O. D. don't delay
entil too late. OSOOOD BROS.. Oakland.- Ca_T^;
INSTITUTE - OV;< PNEUMATUPATU Yr- FOB
X : healing . and instructions; .; 2729 Jackson su,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or write for
oar "New Methods" ; . the poor healed free. , . , ; ■'-
80. DR. WEGENKR TAKES > LADIKH Bl£
fore and during confinement: Infanta adopted
into good > homes; i treats all - female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. : 419 Eddy su >: ; *-_ -,
U~RiS CUKE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASE?
from whatever cause; a home In confinement
with '■ every ' comfort; * satisfaction ■ guaranteecL by
MKS. DX. GWYKK, 228 Turk St. - '■^-.■■^y
<Si. Flflfl FOR ■ CASE , I FAIL TO CURE; DIS-
tg)O\J\J eases ol ' tbe eyes treated : ladies consult
free: only qualified specialist, r MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st -..■..■. r ". .'■-'->', : : . '. ." .;■ .-„-.-;.
irkß. JOSBELYN, THE , GREAT SPECIALIST,
1J VMS Market S.; : private ahd chronic diseases,
lost manhood «md female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
R. PENA CHECKS rIT,:- IN ;: 24 ,- HOURS;
.prompt relief; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant ay •. ; ; :■ :■•- : . ■-»
RS J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 yra' experience. 555 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FKMALE DI-EASE
see MRa.DK. PUKTZ and be content. 2&4y_ 4th.
RIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE.- 1416 Eighth at.. Alameda, ■ . .
R. HALL. 14 McALLISTKK STREET, NBAS
'Janes. - X/iteaset of women and children. ■ry
.'COUNT ICY '" REAL ESTATE.
Q> QOOft 20 ACRES OF CHOICE LAND 1%
tjpOUUU. miles from good town; l*cre grapes;
3 acres orchard;, all fenced: house of 6 rooms,
good barn, living-water, also . 1 horse, cow, 60
chickens, wagon, plow, etc ; • will exchange for
small cottage or building lots.:
ONLY $220 PER ACRE— IS ACRES OF BEST
V varieties of fruit trees of fine growth; ,- never-
failing stream of waD r through the place: on main
county road and only % mile | from r llroad sta-
tion and coumy seat; owner compelled to dispose
of the properly.
A FINE PIECE OF INCOME PROPERTY,
-n. containing 40 acres, 2 miles from town; 20
acres alfalfa; :15 acres of best grapes; 5 acres
assorted fruits: house, ; barn, 2 horses, Imple-
ments: paid $1500 lav year; price $5000- cash or
exchange. -. KDWIN K. ALSIP A CO., -
' Koom 29, second floor, Mills building.
\\7 ANTED-TO RENT BY A FAMILY OF 4, A
''small bouse in ihe mountains,' 4 or 5 hours
from S*n = Francisco;, please state terms. M. R..
box 126, Call Office. -.'- ■ .-..,. -
1 -UKr.S, OuuD STOCK AND GRAIN
XtJXJK.' ranch, to* exchange for city or Oakland
property; $12.000. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market.
S" ENI»TO LAND DEPARTMENT OF BOVEE
TOY A SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st,, for
maps and full Information of McMahan Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; unequaled In Cali-
fornia. . •
M^A RIN t COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES I£6 MILES
■"-I from city; lo s any sire; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
I acre; terms to suit, Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
-f\. est In the Ktate; selling in tracts. 5 acres up-
ward, $35 per acre: adjoining tanas held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell ; IV, hours inn S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMBS, CLOSE TO TOWN, > IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to Vi acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market st. , a F.
E.NDFOKUtH Liar OK ORCHARD HO.Mi.3
foreale. WuusTKR A WHITTQN. San los«.
A WEriK'a NEWS \ FOR 3 CENTS— TUB
-.'V. WF.EKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
'>_ OAKLAND REAL KSTATE.
©99^(\ WE WILL BUILD YOU A NEW 6-
*iP«-« i "-'''« room bouse, with all modern im-
proves. ents, In the Grove-st. Tract. Grove" and
Kussell sts., for $2250, or an 8-room house for
$'^500: lots 40x125; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BL' >W. lulO Broadway.
CjftK/WV 2-VIO/Y HOUSE Of 8 ROOMS;
<p\jc;v/v/. all modern and complete: lot 50x
112; N. side of Twenty-third Rt,, near Telegrapn
aye.; easy terms: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
©O7FL/J 2-STORY 8-ROOM HOUS-.: NEW
«JP«JIc»U. and. all. modern; .Just finished; N.
side of Twenty-third st., between Grove and Tele-
graph aye. : lo; 40x1)2; easy terms: street work
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
<JJ:97^n NX MT 2-STOKY HOUSK !• ALL
>!r£d I O\Jm modern; 8 rooms; lot 36x165; near
Twenty-third st. andTeleeraph aye.; easy terms;
s reet work all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way. .;; ■ . ;,•■.-. .... ■_.■-■ . : --
ft t: tl F»O NKW AND ALL MODERN TWO-
*iXtJ\J. story house; 8 rooms: . jus: com-
pleted; lot 36x112; on Twenty-seventh St., be-
Telegraph and Grove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. .
<% 1 9f»rt NEW MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
"■ x^-yyj . rooms and bath; high ba»ement: lot
83x100; l.oxleyave.. near Clinton: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broad way. '
©11 HO HOUSE 4 ROOM 8; LOT 27:8x97:
tip 11UU.OD ■ Twenty-sixth st.. near Market;
must be sold; this is a bargain; street work all
done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
Ct97P.A 6-ROOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
.«JT_i I *J\J. em: lot 32x105; Fourteenth st., near
Adeline: a bargain: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
BA RGA INS IN FRUITVALE ACREAGE—
1 acre near station, half price; lVj acres on
electric road. $800: y, acre Bray aye., cheap: 5
acres, orchard, cotta-e. $3250; 3 acres, fruit, nood
house. $2100. Terms, LODGE A POWELL,
Fruitvale station.
ARGAIN— SIOO CASH: $10 65 PER MONTH"-
bouse of 5 rooms and bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100; - 10 minutes' walk :o local
train ; price $900. , WM. P. s ToDD, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland. . . • .
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - THi»
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper.^or mailing.
■' ' OAKLAND HOISKS TO ;Üb:T.
AKLAND - 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
years: 14-room, »unny, full . furnished house:
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge: $60; reference: call 10 to 5 p M. .
OAKLAND AND BOAKDING.
•\* A R I POSA— MRa- IiMMA. H." ADAMS—
i»i Newly furnlsned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or jingle: also, : first-class : table board. 6t>6
Eleventh St.. near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal. ' 
ij^OUKTEENTH AND CASTRo-TO LET."
X with board, 2 front room* furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro <t.
OAKLAM) FLKNITUKK FOB SALE.
•V-EW BRUSSELS CAKPET,' 49c YARD AT
-i-> H. HKLLHAAS'. 408 Eleventh at. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALA3IEOA KEAI. ESTATE.
"y OUB TERMS ARE OURS. . 0. ; ""*
©9^oo PRETTY, COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
*pxJO\J\J. and bath; close to Chestnntst. sta-
tion, N. G.; lot 40x140.
<JK3OfIO HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE- 6
tjpOWl/U. rooms and bath; near Mastic sta-
tion, N. G. '-■ :.-. i V
©9900 25 CASH; $20 MONTHLY: 37
<p_i-.UV.,frontaße; . handsome- new colonial
cottage; 6 rooms and bath,
©97^0 * M CASH: $25 MONTHLY; 37:6
®~ I D\J. xlOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 dp,
>. ARCUSK A KEMMEL, Contractors and Home
Builders, Bay-st. station, Alameda, Cal. Tel. 2. -
Office open Sundays ana holidays.
FOR SALE— ... :."'" '■ . ...''.- ! ~
House 8 rooms and bath. Central aye.: house 4
rooms, Grand st. : cottage 8 rooms. Everett st.-
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange foe
Ban Francisco property. Apply -
vv ;  V • ASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
. 638 Market st,,
-•■•'■ San Francisco, Cal.' ."■
Q^n CASH ; $30 PER MONTH; : NEW 2-
*jpiJ\J story house of 7 rooms and - alcove* all
modern. J. H. YOUNG, 1-.43 Park sU ■
¥iT()00 - ROOM ' jJ-S'l'ORY HOUSE; ALL
<®\>\j\j\j. ; modern and just completed; lot 50x
150: located on Beiiton st.. near Santa Clara aye, •
easy terms ; street work all • done. A. H. BLOW*
1010 Broadway. - ' ■■" >" '- .' *
<£9fi^ft : NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
<S>~\JO\J. house: just completed: all modern-
lot 30x125; easy terms; streetwork all done- this
is a bargain: must be sold at once. A. H. BLOW.
1010 Broadway. 1 • ■■ :.. =l •>'..'
$2000 4-ROOMTrcOTTAaE; $50 CASH;
t®£i\J\J\J. $20 per. month. ...
"A $2300 6- room cottage; $300 cash; $25 per
month.- ••■.:..'» ;..v , v .- ;:■ .. ■. ■ j ■ .-•_■ ! -v,i.,,..
, $2750— 5-room cottage: $250 cash; $25 per
'^"TtiwlPl|Tffß*WWtr J *T^iiU^lftpiW'Ji!6LltLE w
$3000-6-room house; $200 c « h • $25 per month.
$40J0-,-room house; $800 cash: $25 per month.
All modern houses on improved streets and con-
venient to trains; : have also a few magnificent
houses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD A CO.. :i
'-^' 1364 Park st., Alameda.
$8000 BE AUTIFCL NEW MODERN
'■l£ U^y«. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully ■ frescoed ; large . rooms; Central aye. '■
one clock west of * Park »t.; it ill surely please '
you: investigate; terms to suit.: U. B. M. GRAY,
■463 Ninth st.. Oakland.- ■• - ':
KKKKKJuUV Ki^AL . JEST ATK. ;
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT : OR FOR SALE
on ! easy terms. ■ O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center st.; Berkeley. ;-.-.-
J"O»BPa J. MASON, keal estate AND
Insurance agent. Berkeley Blatn, adjoining bank.
-.;■; • : PHYSICIANS.
VED^DR. V. C. O'DONN ELL .; TO
XX Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. *
OUT FAIL TO CONSULT. DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market . st. : his 30 years'
racceuful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■• >
' JLKGAX, ; NOTICES^ 3^-.'
-TyjOTTc^TOTSR^DTTO^R^^ESTATE^F- MA rI
li : GARET DOYLE, deceased.— Notice is hereby
given :by , the ; undersigned, administrator lof I the
estate of Margaret s Doyle, deceased, to the credit-
ors of, and ail p»r»on» having claims against the
; said deceased, to exhibit them with the necessary
vouchers, within four months after the ■- first pub-
lication of this notice, to the said administrator, at
the law office of Boyd A Mfleld, 324 Pine strei-t,
the same b-lng bis place for the transaction of the
business of said estate in the City and County of
San Francisco, state of California. - .
t STEP I* EN FLKTCHKR. administrator of the
estate of MARGARET DOYLE, deceased. .
■ Dated at San Francisco, July 1. IK9B.
BOYD A FIFIKLD, -Attorneys for Administra-
tor. ir. ::m .;.-.. /.-;,T'.*~-s ■.■■•■.:-..■'■■■'■ '■. •-:■■,■ ■
OUSTOM-HOUSK, SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.,
\J June. 1896— Notice..- Certain goods remaining
one year In bonded warehouse will be sold at pub-
lic auction ai the United I States Appraiser's Store
on the 22d of July. 1896, at 11 o'clock 2. i /De-
scriptive : catalogues can be had |at the Custom-
house on July 18, 1896, or at time and place of
JOHN H. WISE, Collector of Customs.
births— Carriages—
'. HORN. ■:; { . ",_ .''(* '.
BROMM/GE— In Alameda,. Cal., June 15. 1893,
- to the wife of W. H. Brommage, a son.
CUHL— In this city, July 1, 18H6. to the wife of
Conrad Cunl.' a daughter. ":'/, ' "
CULLEN— In this city, July 2, 1896, to the wife
of T. W. Cullen, a son. ' ftfKttP-W^a^j^
De LANGE— this city. June 22, 1893, to the
. wife of Conrad us de L .n^e, a son. • -
GRACIER-In Friiltvale, July 5, 1896, to the
' ; wife of L. E. Grader, a son. .
JOHNSON-In Oakland. July 6, 1898, to the wife
. of Charles Johnson,' a son. , > • .
McDONALD— In this city. . July 6, . 1896, to the
wife of James McDonald, a son. ,
NELSON— In Oakland. June 29, 1896, to the wife
of Edward Nelson, a son.-*j|©jj^_SSgst - ■
ROSENTHAL-I.n this city, July 6, ; 1896, to the
. wif a of I. L. Rosenthal, a daughter.
SAUER— In this city. July : 5, 183G, to the wife of
Georse Saver,' a son.
TAYLOR— this city, June 19, 1896, to the wife
of lllatu F. Taylor, a daughter.
WRIGHT— In this CiiyVJOly 6, 1898, to the wife
•j_of James Wright,-^ danghter. -■' ■•
MABKIKO.
DKMPSEY— ARMSTRONG-In this city. July 5.
, 1896, by ; the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Peter P.
l)emp*ey of San Francisco and ABgellne Arm-
strong of Petaluma, Cal.
GISEL-CROOK-In this city. July 6. 1896. by
the Rev. Dr. K. K. Dllley Emll Glsel and AUen
Crook, both of Sacramento, Cal.
LENZ&N— HENNJSBVY— In this city, June 6,
1896, at thearchlepiscopal residence.by the Rev.
Father Raum, Louis Lenzeti and Rose Helen
Hennessr. both of San Jose. Cal. '
OUU>. • -■ - '.-•
Barry, Bridget .. . McKee. Leslie
Bishop Mrs. Lucy Metcalf, Kathnrtna
Bartholme, Micbae! J. ■ Marengo, Antonio
Cooper, Edward M. Paris. Louis
, Condon. David -, .. Perazzo. Lu l gl . ,
•. Clay, Klchird " - . Peters. Caroline sifO-r
Ga oup. John L. Rnleluh, Mrs. C. P.
Kelly, John Joseph Robinson, Mar r . •
Kdwell, Jacob B. Kyan. Mary Kllen
Killeen. Dennis ■ . : Sullivan, John
Killiiiijer, John W. - Vlcoureux, Dr. Win. A.
Lawrence, Rosa E. Will nmson, David J.
Mahoney, Leslie White, Julia
BARRY-m this city, -nly. 6. 1896, Bridget, be-
loved wife of Petrr Barry, and mother or Nora,
Nellie, Gertie and Maud Barry and Mrs. Robert
Menary, a native of Count y Kilkenny, Ireland,
- aged 51 years and 9 months. ' .
43rFrleua* - ana : acquaintance «m: r«soe<r.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS D.W
(Wednesday), at 8:80 o'clock a. m., from - nor
late residence. «05 Clipper street, thence to St.
Paul's Cnurch.wheie a solemn requiem mass will
be . celebrated for the raoose of : nor soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. it. " Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. : - ..■-...,
BISHOP— In this city. July 6, 1896. Mrs. Lucy
-Bishop, wife of 5 Frank Bishop, and mother of
Hattie Bishop, and youngest daughter or Captain
Obed Smith, a native of Yarmouth, N.S., aged
55 years and 11 months. ' {Boston and Yarmouth
papers please copy.] , -!..••
AST Friends ami • acquaintances . are reso-»C-
fnlly invited to attend the. funeral. THIS O.W
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from 1621
Post street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
BARTHOLME-In this >" city, July 7. 1898,
Michael Joseph, beloved husband or Bertha Bar-
tholme, and father of Anna, Paflllna. Carl, Al
phonse ami Ferdinand Bartholme, and brother
of : cornel Bart hoi me, a native of Baden, Ger-
many, aged 41 years and 10 months.
e-sTKriemU mil acqualntHncei «r» '»n'r
fully invited to attend the tuneral TO-MOKROW
(Thursday), ac 7:3o o'clock a. m., from Hie par-
lors of Gantner *:Guntz,S and 10 City Hall
square, thence to St. Boniface's Church, Golden
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leaven worth
streets, where mass will be celebrated for ths
renose of his soul, commencing at 8 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■■■■■ ■
COOPER— In Oakland, July 7. 1896, Edward M.
Cooper of Wells, largo <fc Co.'s express.
Notice of funeral hereafter ;-/- -
CONDON-In this city, July 6, 189 C David, be-
loved husband of Lizzie Condon, nnd brother of
Mrs. Henry Hansen ana Mrs. Frederick Fjey,
, a native of London, " England, aged > 4'J years,
. Chicago papers please copy.j
S3" Friends and acquaintances aw respect- -
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. v.. from the par-
lors of . Theodor " Dlerks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and sixth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy. Cross Cemetery, -by 11:30 o'clock a.m.
train. " .
CLAY— In this city, Jnly 7, 1898. Richard, be-
loved son of Kichard and Arva Bell Clay, a na-
tive of Los Angeles. Cal., aged 5 months and 17
days. • .;
GALLOUP~In this city, July 6. 1896, John L.,
Delovea husband of Mary E. Galloup, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 54 years. .
. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to . attend the funeral THIS UA.Y
(Wednesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m.. from bis late
residence. 79 West Mission street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery. .-.: : ■ ' . ■*. -,
KELLY— In this city, July 7, 1896, John Joseph,
infant son of John W. and the late Matt 10 C.
Kelly, fcsed 2 months and 7 days.'
KIDWKLL— In this city, July 7. 1«98, Jacob
■ Betdeman Kidwell, a native of san Francisco,
Ca!., aged 29 years -2- months and 23 days.
Washington (D. C.) papers please copy.J
Friend* an 1 acquaintance* are* resoec'.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 • o'clock a. m.. from St.'
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, near
< . Jones street, where a requiem ma*s will be cele-
bra: ed for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery by 10:40 o'clock a. m. train.
KILLEEN— In San Luis Oblspo. July 5.1896,
; Dennis, beloved , husband , of Minnie Killeen,
father of Walter, Edward, : Howard and Annie
Killeen, and beloved brother of John and Martin
. Killeen, a native of Kings County, Ireland, aged
49 years. . . ■■.-...'....- / ■
Friends , and acquaintances arc "resWv-"-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS ' DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence, 613 Bartlett street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, ' Twenty-ninth, and Church streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9:3J
o'clock a. M. .Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. M9B9fISBH9PHC_pH_iK!!_McJ3SdSHf
KILLINGF.R— In Lebanon, Pa., June- 30, 1896.
John W. Killing -r, member of Congress, aged
. 71 years. .....
LAWRENCE— this city, July 4, 1896, Rosa E.
Lawrence, a native of Australia, a;ed 49 years.
MAHONEY— ■ Concord, Contra Costa County,
July 7, 1896, : Leslie, beloved son of Bait and
Hannah Mahoney, and . brother of Mary, Nora,
Josie and Johnny Mahoney. and nephew of John
and Patrick Horgan, aged 7 years i months and
14 days. 'j'^Sßl^J_'ngaSjig|ljjfay^|eßMaK^
*ST Friends and acquaintances ' are • respect-
. fully-rnvlted to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday) at 11 o'clock a. m. . . . ,
McKEE— In North Temescal.Jnly 7. 1896, L»slle.
youngest and beloved son of William and Kittle
McKee. aged 2 weeks. - ; . ■ ..,..,
MKTCALF— In this city, July 6. 1896. Katharfna
• Metcalf. beloved mother of Mrs. Kate Strohlein
. and Mrs. * Henrietta Rossow, : a native of Ger-
many, aged 64 years 4 months and 3 days. . .
Friends ' ana acquaintance* are ' r»sD9V.-
fnlly invited to attend -. the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at. 2 o'clock p. v.. from her late
residence, 114 Silver street, between Third and
Fourth. : Interment I. O. O. *'. Cemetery. :
MARENGO— In this city July 6, 1896, Antonio
Marengo, a native of Italy, aged 38 years. '
PARIS— In this city. June 7, 1896, Louis Paris,
■- beloved husband of Maggie Paris, and lather of
..George,' May,, Cora Paris and Ciiristiue Groo-
dona, a native of I aly, aged 59 years.
PERAZZO— In ; this '' city, July 8, i? 1596, ; Luigl
 -. Perazzo, a native of Italy, aged 59 years.
PETERS— In this city. July H, 1896. Caroline, be-
lovt-d wife of Harry D. = Peters, and * mother of
Amanda : and John Nlcho as Postal, a native af
. Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 'i months and
29 days. i**^&g*&f&a3B^fs&gtifgß&gfcßß&&
KiT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend th« funeral TO-MORttOW
: (Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. it; from her late
residence, 1020 Guerrero street, between Twen
-. ty-second and Twenty-third. : Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Please omit flowers. .-
BALEIGH— In Oakland, July 7, 1896, Mrs. C P.
Raleigh, a native of New York, aged 77 yean 5
months and 24 days.
ROBINSON- In this city.' July 6. 1896, Mary, be-
' loved wife of the late John Robinson, and only
- sister of Mathew McGowan. and mother of Ma;-
-■ gie, John. Charles, O-orge ■ and Mary Robinson,
: a native of County Sllgo, Ireland, aged tis years.
tiT Friends and acquaintance* are resr>eo*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:25 o'clock a.m.. from her lat»
; residence, 162--'b Post street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
■ pose of hei soul,' commencing at 10 o'clock a. v.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. . ■..-.:
RYAN— East Oakland, Jnly 7, 1896. Mary
Ellen, dearly beloved wife of J. C. "Ryan, and
daughter of James and Mary Lamb, and sister of
Mr* E. J. Koenlg, Mrs. W. D. Leahny, Mrs/W.
E. Cook, J. Edward. William H., Charles, Joseph
: and • Teresa "t Lamb, ' a native of East Oaklan d,
aged 29 years and 11 months. [Limerick, Maine
.'and Seattle (Wash.) papers please copy.J j^gggggg
" O"Frlends and • acquaintances ar& ■■ re^nect-
fr"y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW:
- (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a.' m.. from" the
family residence,- 1208 Seventeenth avenue,
thence 10 St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn
requiem hgh nun will:. b« l celebrated for the re-
.- pose : of her soul, commencing , at 10:30 o'clock
a. K. -Inter m«nt-. Mount Calvary Cemetery vii»
the 1 o'clock boat, arriving in tan Francisco at
; 1 :40 o'clock p. m.
SULLIVAN-In this city. July 7. 18i16. John Sul-
- . 11 van, 1 beloved ; husband of .■ Kate ■ Sullivan, . a
■ native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
VIGOUREUX— The remains of the late Dr. Wil-
liam A. V.goureux, who died January 7, 1896,
• will be removed from i the . receiving vault at
Mount Calvary Cemetery and < conveyed to Holy
Cross Cemetery TO-MORROW (Thursday). In-
terment 10 take place at 3 o'clock p. if - • ""
WILLIAMSON— In '■■ Kincardine, - Ontario, June
30. 1896, David :• J. Williamson, only son of Mr.
and Mrs. A. M. Williamson and brother of Mrs.
J. P. Brownlee of this city, aged 28 years.
WHITE -Id this city, July 6, 1896, Juila, beloved
; daughter of Daniel and Emma White, and grand-
daughter of > Mrs. Victoria « Wagner and .. Julia
White, a native of San Francisco, aged 11 months
I and 7 <tays.' i qaiHPBIGIKM< | IMMMBfIRBMIinSMB
v 49" Friends * and '■, acquaintances ; are ' respect-
: fully invited ,to attend the funeral - THIS DAY
j (Wednesday),' , at ;2 ; o'clock . p. . it., from the
- residence of her parents,' 205 Carl ■ street. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary. Cemetery. s 1 -.'* ■•>".- 'V- • >
"[ McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
; FUNERAL DIERCTORS EMBALMKKS, ;
. 20 Fifth. St.. Opp. Lincoln School. '•
■;' /..: -v:;;,, : Telephone 8080. -^ ■-; ■= ■■'•
1516
THE DRUNKS AND
THE DARK CELL,
Something More About Po
lice Methods in Cali
fornia Street
AND WHO IS TO BLAME.
Chief Crowley Calls For a Re
port From all the Officers
in Charge.
WHAT THE PATROLMAN DOES.
Other Instances of Gross Laxity of
Discipline and Indifference Con.
cerning the Prisoners.
Chief of Police Crowley. after reading
the story in The Call of yesterday morn-,
ing concerning the shortcomings of the
California-street station as a station and
The Cell for Plain Drunks as It Appears Almost Any Saturday Night.
something of the brutality and indiffer
ence as to the condition and comfort of
the prisoners, lack of discrimination be
tween them and general laxity of disci
pline prevailing there, directed Captain
Wittman to get a report from all the
officers in charce of the station.
Tfccre are live officers at the station,
Lieutenant Frod Esola and Corporal Ayers
in charge, and Corporal Burke and Patrol
men White and Bowlen station and book-
Ing officers.
These officers Chief Crowley is about
ready to swear by, so far as their efficiency
as officers and the humane character of
the men are concerned.
The responsibility of these officers for
the conditions described is rather in allow
ing them than in perpetratine them.
None of these officers directly inflict the
brutality upon the prisoners that has
been described. They do not smack a
drunken man's face or twist his ears to
rouse him from his stupor sufficiently to
enable him to give his name. They do
not throw water into the dark cell and
then drop and lock a stupid "drunk" or a
fighting "drunk" in its blackness or its
wetness witbtuit even the board flooring
laid down as a protection against rheu
matism. They do not drag men and
women prisoners down the stairs by the
shoulders, their leps and feet rattling
down the steps. They do not beat obstrep
erous prisoners into unconsciousness, they
do not tear the clothes off women — but all
these thines are done there while they are
on duty.
The duties of Lieutenant Esola and Cor
poral Ayers keep them to the upper office.
KEW TO-DAT. . i
* Jamaica
A remedy of sterling
worth — invaluable
for all complaints of
the stomach* Sooth-
ing and curing with-
out false stimulation
or distressing reaction;
Ask for Fred Brown's*
Sold everywhere*
. , rjtEß BK«WJf CO., PHILADELPHIA.
They see the prisoners as they pass in
nigiitly procession through that office and
past their window. Only one of the three
station officers is on duty at any one time.
A prisoner being brought into the station,
this officer is at his post behind the desk
making his record of the case in the books.
The patrolmen wlio bring the prisoner in
generally do the rest. After the prisoner
is searched and the record made they do
witii him as this officer directs.
It is the arresting officer who neglects to
put the board flooring down when he
1 brows a helpless prisoner into the dark
cell where the floor is covered with water.
It is the arresting officer who, when the
"drunk" cells are filled, opens the door
and roughly tosses in a new prisoner upon
the prostrate forms of the others, causing
them often to rise up as a riotous body
tearing at each other like wild animals and
requiring half a dozen officers to quell the
disturbance. It was the arresting officer
who lifted a young man off his feet and
threw him to the floor with such violence
the other night as to render him insen
sible.
These officers in charge are doubtless
humane men — so are they all humane
men. They may have only indifferent
knowledge of these. Chief Crowley him
self was reported not long ago as saying
that he did not know of a gambling place
in operatiou in the City. It is quite pos
sible that these officers did not see these
things here spoken of, but others did—
that is certain.
The station officer frequently goes up
stairs and the turnkey sits out in the next
room to read his paper and then things go
on that neither of them see. There is a
bucket of water hung so that it
may be reached by the prisoners
of two cells. When the occupants
of one become offensive by reason
of their noise or obscene language or any
other circumstance, they fall into a battie
with the water, drenching each other by
the use of the tiu cups.
These officers in charge cannot also be
charged with the fact that boys, arrested
for no greater offense than violating the
8 o'clock ordinance, are thrust into the
same cells crowded with disreputables of
the most pronounced character.
Whether it is t:ie fault of those in
cbaree or of the plumber, some space
should be given in the reports the Chief
has calied for concerning the imperfect
drainage of the underground prison.
Quite frequently the stream of water that
is intended to be kept flowing through the
cesspools becomes clogged and the result
drives the officers out of the place. The
prisoners, however, have to stand it.
The women's cell is on the same front
with the others, and all comers have an
unobstructed view of the inmatea. When
Chinatown's gambling joints are raided
the corridor in front of these cells is
crowded with thirty or forly Chinamen,
who crowd about the bars of the women's
celis while themselves waiting to be
booked, and comment as they choose.
Speaking of the dark cell, it is utterly
dark. There is no way of looking in to
see how the prisoner fares. Once the door
is closed upon him, or her, it is liable to
remain so for hours. A French woman,
fighting drunk, was put in the cell some
nights since, and when she was taken out
it was found that she had beaten her
hands against the brick walls until two
of her finger-nails were completely torn
out.
These things should be reported upon
and corrected. They form an argument,
certainly, in behalf of the new criminal
building and jail, but much of all this
could be corrected now, without waiting
for a new building.
Lieutenant Esola, in charge of the sta
tion, made a report to Chief Crowley last
evening, in which he denied specifically all
the allegations made in The Call of yes
terday.
It denies that any prisoners were ever
beaten or that women are mistreated; it
declares that it is impossible for water to
lie on the floor of the cells, as they drain
naturally, and also states that the wooden
flooring is always placed in the cells.
All of which goes for so much. It will
be interesting to learn what the others will
report. What has been stated in The
Call is capable of proof by many wit
nesses.
Cars Do Not Stop.
Residents of Bernal Heights living In the
neighborhood of. Powell avenue, are indignant
at the refusal of the railway" company to have
the Mission-street cars stop at Powell avenue.
The cam stop at Fair avenue and , Precita* ave
nue, j which . are ■ each about ; 300 - feet "•: on
either side of Powell avenue, but will not slop
even upon signal at the latter crossing.*; The
grade is almost level and the > cars * could stop
at Powell avenue just *as well >■ as at Fair or
Precita avenues, and furthermore, the number
of people who use . Powell ■: avenue «■ to t get to
their '" homes ;is ■ much ;? greater s than those
who get off at Precita avenue. ?'Erery Sunday
r«sidentaof the 'neighborhood affirm," dozens
of : people stand at the corner signaling valnlv
to the passing car. . 6 "
'_■_ * 0 » —
Fractured Hli Jaw.
; George Chapman, a sailor, living at 44 Third
street, was in the Eureka masi<>hall, K.aruy
street, early yesterday I morning. 1 'h e Had
spent all his money, when a man told him to
get out and struck him In the face with his
clenched list,"* fracturing his lower ■ jaw. J lie
was taken to the Receiving : Hospital: He said
he did not know the man who struck him.
• ■# -»
Loans on diamonds.' Interest low. At. Uncle
Harris', 15 Grant •vcnue.'^^^aHEa^^^SP*!
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JULY 8, 1896.
MOSS HAS HIS
KNIFE ALL READY,
Grain Rates From Stock
ton Now to Be
Slashed.
MAY BE CUT TO-DAY.
Important Deal On With a Steam
ship Company for Freight
and Passengers.
FAST TIME TO BE MADE.
A River Flyer With a Speed of at
Least Twenty Knots to Be
Built
If all goes well in connection with nego
tiations now pending between the San
Francisco and ban Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company and the California Naviga-
I tion and Improvement Company ther
will be a freight and passenger service be
tween San Joaquin Valley points and this
City that will surpass anything ever be
fore enjoyed in this section of the State.
Rates will be lower and accommodations
better. Among the things in contempla
tion and soon to be realities are reduced
grain rates to Vallejo, Port Costa and San
Francisco from Stockton and points south,
and a steamer passenger service on the
San Joaquin between Stockton and San
Francisco that will make the run on rail
road time at least, and perhaps in even
better time by half an hour.
Nearly every day that now passes records
Borne new development tending to prove
that the young giant, popularly known as
the Valley road, which is stalking up the
San Joaquin Valley, is bold and vigi
lant in seeking to accomplish its avowed
purpose of unloosing or destroying the
tentacles of the "octopus," legally de
scribed as the Southern Pacific Company,
from the agricultural, horticultural and
other industries of the State, and thus per
mitting the producer to reap at least a fair
reward for bis labor, enterprise and capi
tal.
Scarcely was it able to move its cars
along :ts rails when it entered the field of
fierce competition with a hitherto uncon
querable and unmerciful adversary. Rates
were cut from all points about twenty
miles south of Merced into Stockton.
In retaliation, for it went beyond self
protection, the Southern Pacific put in a
reduced tariff from just south of Merced to
San Francisco.
And it is to counter this move of the
Huntington corporation that the negotia
tions referred to were begun. At this
writing there ia every indication that a
satisfactory arrangement will be concluded
to-day.
When the Southern Pacific cat its rates
to Vallejo, Port Costa and San Francisco
the charge from Stockton to Vallejo or
Port Costa was made 50 cents per ton, and
to San Francisco $1, a material reduction
from former figures, and at the same time
the ctiame of 10 cents a ton for unloading
was abolished.
By the schedule that the Valley road
proposes to issue to-day, if negotiations
are concluded, the rate between Stockton
and Vallejo or Port Costa will be 50 cents
per ton, and between Stockton and San
Francisco 60 cents, and possibly 50 cents.
H. J. Corcoran, manager of the Cali
fornia Navigation and Improvement Com
pany, was in town on Monday and held a
conference with Traffic Manager John
Moss of the Valley road relative to a
traffic arrangement that would permit of
passengers and freight boinj carried
through from San Joaquin Valley points
to 8»n Francisco, but he declined to dis
cuss or speak of the matter of rates. In
reference to the service his company was
prepared to give he spoke freely, even
entluisiastica'.lv.
"We are the largest inland water trans
portation company in California," he
began. "We have eight steamers and six
teen barges which we own. We have been
and are now active competitors of the
Southern Pacific Company as far south in
the San Joaquin Valley as Fresno. It is
true our vessels run only to Firebauxh,
but this gives us the opportunity to bid
for Fresno business, and we get consider
able of it, too.
"Of late," he continued, "we have been
running six steamers between Stockton
and San Francisco, and Lave just decided
to put on the .seventh. As soon as we
come to an understanding with the Valley
road people we shall put on the entire
eight steamers, and also arrange to put on
a special passenger boat that will muke
the run as quickly as it is now made by
rail.
"Figures are now being prepared by the
Risdon, Fulton and Union iron works for
submission to us for a steamer to run not
less than twenty inline miles an hour.
This vessel will be elegantly fitted up with
every modern convenience, and will make
the trip down from Stockton in four hours
and up in about four and a half hours.
"The operation of such a vessel has been
in mind for some time, and should we
make the deal with the Valley road we
will hasten the construction of this river
flyer.
"Of course, we are greatly desirous of
coming to an arrangement by which we
will co-operate with the Valley road in
competition with the Southern Pacific
Company. Such an arrangement would
give us increased business, and then,
again, we are deeply interested in the ulti
mate success of the road, both for the in
creased prosperity it will bring to the val
ley ana because we are stockholders in the
company.
"When the full fleet of our vessels is m
service there will be two steamers daily
live days in the week between Stockton
and San Francisco. On Saturday and
Sunday only one vessel will be operated."
It is reported that the proposed deal will
be closed to-day. Should this be the case
the new rates will become immediately
operative.
J. H. BARRY FOR CONGRESS.
Hia Friends Will Urge Him to Accept
the Nomination.
A number of friends of James H. Barry
met last evening to consider the matter of
sending him to Congress to represent the
Fifth District. It was decided by a reso
lution to do so, and although Mr. Barry is
not a candidate for the honor in the
strict sense of the term, his friends believe
that he will not disregard what they be
lieve to be his' duty.
The resolution further set forth that al
though he might be nominated from a
Republican district they believed he would
carry it easily.
All agreed to support Mr. Barry to their
full extent and ability. In the gathering
were representatives from all the districts
in the City and one from Santa Clara
County.
TO REOPEN THE CHURCH.
Rev. W. L Birch, Now of
" Calvary," Is a Promi
nent Candidate.
Week-Day Concerts anl Thursday
Services for the Business
Men.
It looks now as though some decisive
steps will soon be taken Dy the authorities
to reopen the First Congregational Chnrch,
and the most prominent candidate who is
in the field for the pastorate is the Rev.
W. L. Birch, Ph.D., at present filling the
PQlpit of the Rev. John Hemphill, D.D.,
at Calvary Presbyterian Chnrch.
The Ftrst Congregational Chnrch has
been closed now for some months, and
since it has been definitely decided by the
board of trustees not to sell the property,
a general wish for its early reopening has
been expressed by the congregation. It is
argued that the factional feeline arising
from the trial of its late pastor, Dr. C. O.
Brown, has virtually died out since his
resignation and that now no time should
be lost in bringing the congregation
together again under the spiritual guid
ance of some suitable Christian minister.
Pastor Birch, who is a comparative
stranger, since his arrival in San Fran
cisco has visited and inspected the old
First Church. He is delighted with its
fine acoustic properties, its central loca
tion, etc., and sees in it a fruitful field for
the service of the Lord. If chosen as its
pastor he intends to introduce, with the
sanction of the authorities, a new and
practical line of earnest work which will
undoubtedly meet the approval of the
people.
"1 have expressed to L. H. Clement, the
honorary secretary of the First Congrega
tional Society." said Pastor Birch, "my
willingness to nndertake thfi ministry,
subject to the approval of ray good friend,
the Rev. Dr. Hemphill. I also desire the
hearty co-op*>ration of the trustees and
members, wto through all its recent
troubles have remained loyal to the
church. I suppose that the trustees are
naturally somewhat discouraged in conse
quence of their unhappy experiences, and
feel reluctant to reopen the church. Still,
if they are only willing to put their shoul
ders to the wheel and carry it on as it
should be carried on, I believe that the
church could be regularly fiiied with men
and women who feel the need of Christian
cheer and inspiration to fortify themselves
against the numerous worldly temptations
by which we are all assailed.
"I do not believe in the utility of flam
ing posters upon the church door to an
nounce the catch-the-eye topics of the
Sabbath discourses, but in quiet, earnest,
practical work for the relief of the desti
tute and the consolation of the broken
hearted and the erring of this great City.
In this way the First church should act in
conjunction with Calvary and other allied
Christian churches. Should Ibe honored
with the pastorate of the First church it
would be my aim, with the aid of the min
isters of this City and Oakland, to hold
regular half-hour Thursday services at
noon, or at a convenient hour in
the afternoon, for business men, and
if possible, to keep the church
open all day, for the benefit of
anybody who might wish to pass a few
moments in quiet meditation or prayer.
I should be glad, too, if pew rents could
be abolished and our sources of revenue
be vested in voluntary contributions. In
strumental and vocal concerts of sacred
music might be given in the afternoon
and evening of every week day by profes
sional nnd amateur musicians. To these
admission should be free and the lecture
and class rooms of the church could be
used each evening for the moral and phys
ical culture of young men and maidens. |
The adoption of these methods would, I
am sure, make the church a practical
blessing to the residents of San Francisco.
As to my own remuneration, I should be
content not to take a dollar until all of
the expenses of tt c work were paid."
The spiritual affairs of the Fir«t Church
are vested in the deacons, who select the
pastor subject to the confirmation of the
congregation, while the business and
financial details are under the control of
the board of trustees.
The Labor Unions.
At the meeting of the Woodworkers' Union
laat evening the following officers were elected
for the ensuing term : President, H. Weid
llng; vice-president, J. Jergensen: financial
secretary, T. E. Hampton; recording secre
tary, H. Neidlinger; treasurer, A. Miller.
Nearly all nl the other officials are appointed.
The Cigar-makers' Union last evenlnjr elected
N. Blutnas as the delegate to the International
Cigar-makers' convention, which will be held
in Detroit on September 28. J. Spitz was se
lected as the alternate.
The International Garment-worfcers are pre
paring (or their big mass-meeting, which will
be held next Sunday at 927 Mission street.
The Sale That Ha* Captured the Town.
Thel2J^c dimities at sc; the 15c «nd 2Oc
wash piques at 7}£c; the 15c and 12J^c wash
crepons at 5c and an endless variety of similar
bargains «eera to draw immense crowds ot
a<?tive buyers from all parts of the City to the
Sheriff's sale now (?oing on nt the store of
Jamcx M. Morau & Co., 1009-1015 Market
street, between 3ixth and Seventh. •
Adjourned Till Next Week.
The British Benevolent Society, owing to
the fact that yesterday, its regular day of
meeting, fell on a holiday, adjourned till next
Tuesday afternoon.
AN OUTCAST
FOR HIS FAITH,
A. M. Hadi Began Wander
ing When but Fifteen
Years of Age.
IS NOW JUST EIGHTEEN.
The Son of a Persian Philosopher
Who Believed in Free
Will.
WAS DISGUISED AS AN ARAB.
He Intr nds to Remain in America for
Some Years and Study
Medicine.
Considerable interest is being expressed
in local church circles in A. M. Hadi, a
young Persian who has just arrived here
from the Orient. His history is a peculiar
one, and savors a good deal of the romantic
stories of his native land.
When Hadi was only 15 he left home,
country and parents to become a wanderer
on the face of the earth. Alone and with
very little knowledge of the world he vis
ited towns and localities where his coun
trymen were looked upon with distrust,
and where Americans and Europeans are
careful about venturing. He penetrated
into the interior of Arabia, wearing the
Arab dress, and though his tongue might
have betrayed him and he had money on
his person, no harm befell him. In Oman,
where the people are jealous of Persian
and other spies, he stayed for some time,
passing himself off as an Arab and no sus
picion attached to him, because he was
considered to be only a boy.
Hadi has brought letters of introduction
to well-known residents of San Francisco,
and they say that he left Persia because
he had become a Christian, and his family,
which is Mohammedan, was threatened
with persecution unless he went back to
His old faith.
In person he is slight and boyish-look
ing, with aquiline features and intelligent
dark eyes. He speaks good English, and
his manners are refined and cosmopolitan.
"Yes, my family felt very deeply what
they considered the disgrace of my chang
ing my religion," he said when questioned
A. M. Hadi, Who Became a Globe-
Trotter at 15 Years of Age.
on the subject. "My father was what they
call in Persia a 'wise man,' something like
your philosophers, and he believed in
every one thinking for himself."
Hadi smiled when asked what the wise
men of Persia dedicated themselves to
teaching. "My father," he said, "is a
silk manufacturer at Yezd, in Northern
Persia. His father, and grandfather, and
their fathers for many generations back
have made silk in the same town. Every
moment of time that my father could
spare from his office, he studied the 2000
books of the old time, the wisdom of the
Zoroastians and of the Egyptians, and
then he began to write books himself. He
is the author of several works on phil
osophy.
"My n- other was much more indepen
dent than most Persian ladies. She
thought for herself and acted for herself.
It was her wish to make me, too, a philoso
pher, and when I was 13 she took me to
Teheran to the Royal College."
It was there that young Hadi first be
came acquainted with Americans, and be
fore six months were over he transferred
himself from the Shah's College to the
American Presbyterian School, a change
at which his mother, poor guileless lady,
rejoiced because she thought he would
learn languages better. Bhe found after
ward, to her dismay, that he had learned
Christianity.
In Persia this meant disgrace to the
whole family, but here the father's phil
osophy came in. He was an old man of
nearly 70 and had lost all bis children
years before the child of his old age was
born, but he said, "Let the boy think for
himself."
Hadi pleaded to go abroad, to put an
end to the troubles, and at last his father
appeared, holding letters of credit on dif
ferent banks, which would enable him to
travel very modestly. It was in this way
that, Hadi says, ac started from home,
and struck out for Bagdad.
For nearly a year he wandered about
Syria and Arabia, traveling with caravans
and living in caravansaries when in the
cities. During that time he was never
once molested, and he says that he be
lieves being only a child was his great
safeguard, as no one suspected him of hav
ing much money, and he was too young to
be a spy. During the two years that have
passed since he shipped for Bombay at
Muscat he has traveled all over India
NEW TO-DAI-DRT GOODS.
DOMESTIC
DEPARTMENT!
SPECIALSALE
OX 1
FINE LACE CURTAINS !
On to-morrow and following: days we will
offer a SPECIAL PURCHASE OF 2000
PAIRS FINE NOTTINGHAM LACE CUR-
TAINS at about ONE-HALF FORMER
PRICES.
The attention of housekeepers generally
is directed to this sale. These Curtains are
fresh, NEW GOODS. They come in both
Ecru and White, and are all this season's
designs. They were purchased by us at the
closing out sale of a large CURTAIN MANU-
FACTURER.
NOTE. — In connection with the above
sale of Curtains we will offer 100 pairs
FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA BLANKETS,
Price $3.00 a Pair.
ANTICIPATE YOUR WANTS.
«11, .13, U6, 117. lia. 121 POST STREET.
and over a considerable part of China,
and has also visited Japan and the Sand
wich Islands.
At present he has a neat little room of
his own with the Salvation Army, and
boards with one of t] 3 married officsrs. It
is his intention to remain here and study
medicine at the Cooper Medical College.
MAX, THE MAIL CARRIER
J. A. Herbert's Suit Against Him
lor Wages Threatens a
Strike.
The Head of the Wagon Branch of
the Service Trusted His
Foreman.
An internecine upheaval is imminent in
Max Popper's branch of the mail service.
Mr. Popper has the contract for carting
the mails from the main office to various
points of delivery, steamer landings, etc.,
a,nd in the discharge of said contracts he
has occasion to employ several men.
The pending trouble in this branch of
j the service was caused by the suit lately
! brought by J. A. Herbert, one of the
i drivers, against Max Popper, to recover
$106 claimed to be owing him as unpaid
salary.
Herbert's story, as partly set forth in
the complaint, is to the effect that the
foreman, P. Riley, wanted him to accept
$30 in full for his two months' salary. The
balance due, according to the complaint,
is $106. But the readable part of the story
is told outside or the complaint and on ac
count thereof some trouble is brewing.
Mr. Herbert says that when Riley, the
foreman, asked him to take the $30, the
latter told him he had the money the
night before and "blew it in" and that if
he (Herbert) would take the $30 offered
and sign the payroll it would be all right.
Herbert refused the money and would
not sign the payroll. Trouble ensued.
Mr. Popper, according to Mr. McKee, at
torney for Herbert, would not believe it
possible bis foreman could be guilty of
such an act, and threatened all sorts of
things. He said it was the first time in ail
his long business life that he had been
sued, arid he would surely give somebody
a blowing-up.
But that is not the worstof it. Mr. Her
bert has many friends among bis former
fellow employes, and when he refused to
sign the payroll, because, as was asserted,
Foreman Riley had "blown in" a large
portion of his wages those friends sympa
! thized with him, and it was more than
hinted that if Herbert is not reinstated
there may be a small strike in that branch
of the mail service.
Attorney McKee said yesterday : "Pop-
I per says he will 'do us up' in the news
j papers; tnat he will have the reporters
j write us up and otherwise exert his in
j fluence against my client and his rights.
We do not want to make a newspaper
fight, but if the truth must be told nothing
can keep it back. My client will swear
that Riley told him he had the money to
pay off the night before and that he could
pay him but $30 because he (Riley) had
'blown himself in' the night before. We
are not accountable for what may follow."
Riley denies the statement of Herbert
in toto. It ia likely more will follow.
AFRC-AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Memorial Service for Harriet Bnecher
Stow* to Be Held on Sunday.
The Afro- American League held a meet
ing at California Hall, Bush street, Monday
night, at which there was a good attend
ance.
.Before taking up the more important
work of the evening a short speech was
made by the president, T. B. Morton, who
urged the men of his race to vote for
Major McKinley, but to pause when it
came to cast their votes for the Republi
can nominees on the municipal ticket.
A. A. Collins, president of the Alameda
league, followed in the same lines and said
that to such Republicans as Lincoln,
Grant, Sumner, Garrison and Phillips the
colored race owed much, and it was their
duty to vote for such men. The Rev. H.
J. Callis expressed his unbounded admira
tion for Major McKiuley ana dwelt at con
siderable length upon the splendid record
made by him in Congress and as Governor
of Ohio!
He urged all to register without delay
and to stand shoulder to shoulder for their
rights.
President Morton, at the request of Rev.
Mr. Callis, offered a resolution the purport
of which was that a memorial service be
held on next Sunday afternoon in the A.
M. Zicn Church on Stockton street,
between Sacramento and Clay, in mem
ory of the late Harriet Beecher Stowe,
and that a committee of six be appointed,
three from this City and a like number
from Oakland, to make final arrangements
for the same.
The committee as appointed is formed
j of from £an Francisco, Rev. H. J. Callis,
Rev. E. Cottman and Rev. W. E. Hender
son; from Oakland, Rev. A. A. Collins, Rev.
John A. Allen and J. E. Edwards.
The following delegates were elected to
attend the congress to be held in Los An
geles on August 11:
W. E. Henderson, George Williams. C. H
I Tinsley, A. ritranther, Z. Thomas X Macee
j Fred Caster, J C. Wilson, Nat Mitchel, ET T*
HubbarcJ, G. Nicholas. Squire Jones. C. Epps
C. H. Foreman, Rev. H. I. Callis, Rev. E. Cott
man, E. J. Johnson, A. Lord, J. C. Wilson, I C
Wilson, G. E. Francis, J. Q. Baston, J. O. Loons"
I). W. Ruggles, J. H. Fisher, Wilson
Barnes, J. L. Clayton, A. L. Coleman,
Robert GooUl, George Green, G. Noble
J. E. Johnson, iqhn Baltimore, R. H. Page'
Antone Looney, W. G. Maddox, B. H. Harris'
A. Gant, J. H. Coles, R P. Keeley, D. W,
Rugales, James Sexton, Benjamin Becket John.
I Sntyden, Harry Mills. James Stand, W. \.
llaynes, P. Luady, Charles Lewis, WiUianx
Gleary, Jordan Bowpts, Samuel Young \V W
Butler, Isaac Womble, T. B. Morton, G C
Lewi*, G. E. Lewis, W. H. Carter, G. W. Mitchel
and R. C. Wilson.
"Will Soon Move.
The monthly meeting of the managers and
friends of the California Girls' Training Home
will be held at 26 Hill street to morrow at
10:30 A. M. Lunch will be served by the girls
at noon. As this is the last meeting in the
§ resent headquarters a large attendance is
esired.
. . JnSW ; TO-DAT.
FURNITORE
CARPETS.
Four- room Outtit, Parlor.Din-)
' ing room, Bedroom and,* <2 P 7K A f\
Kitchen :.'._...... ../.,..... ) V|O'UU
Fine Mahogany Bedroom Suit) Qi f* j; /\
C 6 pieces.' Bevel mirror, 17x30)" ,«J) lU.pl/
Parlor Suit, upholstered . in) CJO») A
-:, Bilk brocatelle '. .> t?^^.OU
Large Assortment Fancy Oak( ;r/\ .
" and Mahogany Rockers....) <pi.Ol/
And Upward
Elegant' Desks and Bookcases,) CM AA
: highly polished .....j $ i ±'\JV
And Upward
Choice • Patterns in Velvets,) pr/v f\±' a
.. Brussels and - Ingrains, tl" v;LS
I sewed, laid and lined. . . . ) and upward
. Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. Houses
furnished all over the ' Coast on easy 'payments.
Country orders receive prompt attention, uoods
packed and ; shipped free to, Oakland, Alarneda
and ■ Berkeley. - InsDectiou cordially invited and
credit extended to all. , : -
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 225, SSI and 'M and SOS ■ ■
STOCKTON STREET,
- And 237 PQST. STREET.
Telephone, Main 1828.' Open Evenings