VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 46.
NO HOPE FOR THE COLOMBIA,
Each Swell Churns the
Vessel on J?gged
Rocks.
BORNE IN TOWARD THE
SHORE.
Water Fills the Forward Hold
to a Level With the
Hatchways.
CAPTAIN CLASS BLAMED FOR
THE DISASTER.
Kept the Vessel Moving at Thirteen
Knots an Hoar in the
Fog.
PEBCADERO, Cal., July 15.— The Pa
cific Mail steamship Colombia is thump
ing the life out of herself and her master
is walking her trembling deck trying to
explain why he ran his ship thirteen
knots an hour in a fog almost as dense as
milk. But whatever reason Captain Clark
may give for plunging ahead at high speed
through a vapor-hidden sea, the Colombia
wallows heavily on the rocks a few hun
dred yards to the southward of Pigeon
Point. The reef is gnawing great holes in
her good steel hulk, and to and fro down
in the forehold the waves rise and fall.
She struck first on the port bow and the
jaggea rocks rent her cruelly there; then
tbe wounded craft, pushed ahead by a
13-knot force, went farther on to the sharp
points, and the ground swell, with its lift
ing and sinking, is completing her un
doing. Every time she lets down on the
cluster of rocks the shattered plates in her
bottom bend and break. She groans as
she rolls in ber bed and the grinding of
the reef that is destroying her resounds
weird and uncanny through her compart
ments.
This was a beautiful, calm, sunny day
and the doomed Colombia appeared to
The mark M show* where Captain Clark thought hi* vnt*»rl tea*, with a clear run for San Francisco before him. -The
mark A. Bimu-t where the Colombia really tea* when the skipper hauled away on his course, which warn -V W. by -V. Jn
consequence the vessel ran ashore below Pigeon Point. The other vessels indicated in the drawing were yesterday visiting the
icene of the wreck.
rest safely on a quiet sea. She went ashore
at low water and berforehold. with fifteen
Dr eighteen feet of water in it, holds her
how down on the rocks when the rising
tide elevates her stern. Still the bow lifts
somewhat on the swell — just enough to let
ihe forward part of the steamer's hull
pound the plates out of her, and the
strokes can be heard ashore through the
nuiet air.
Wden the Colombia struck she was
headed northward, directly for San Fran
cisco. Captain Clark was hurrying. He
bad been speeding up the coast from Aca
pulco, his last port, and was trying to
make a record with the new Pacific Mail
tieamer that came out to take the lost
Colima's place. He was already two days
ahead of time and was still doing well, so
he was hugging the points of land and no
seagrass was growing under his keel —
bence the thirteen knots an hour in a
dense fog.
Within 200 yards of a field of hay, cut
and in stacks, lies this courser of the seas,
vow helpless on the shore. Spectators
from ail the country around dotted the
shore to-day and watched her roll and
?nnd. Some brought their lunch-baskets
md made a picnic of a disaster. The
Colombia pitches but little, as her bow is
bard on the rocks, but every time a swell
jtriKes her she comes down aft with a
:orce that momentarily threatens not
only to stave her in but to break her in
two. Sometimes she rolls over at an angle
)f 45 degrees, and comes back onto the
rocks with a force and suddennes that
threatens to snap her spars. That- was a
langer momentarily threatened this fore
noon. Captain Clark stood on the star
board side of the forward deck this morn
ing when she turned over further than
usual and came back with a thud and a
crash.
"That's a hard one," he said curtly, "and
.hey're getting bigger. She won't last
long if they get much worse."
The Colombia lies in a little bay, with
ihe Pigeon Point lighthouse high above
aer on a point about a quarter of a mile to
ihe north. When there is a blow outside
ihe waves house-high chase each other
.nto this bay. If a storm should come up
jutside the Colombia would be tossed up
md down on the rocks so that there
ivould not be enough left of her in twelve
aours for use as scrapiron. This is what
,he ship's officers are afraid of. Even if
Ihe weather continues calm, which it is
tiuiy to do at this ume of year, the officers
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
do not believe the Colombia can be saved.
They try to pat a cheerful face on the
situation, but it is an effort to do so.
When asked separately by a Call repre
sentative whether it would be possible to
save the vessel three of the ship's officers
said "I do not think so." Another said,
laconically, "You tell us how."
When asked this morning how he felt
Captain Clark replied, "Well, I'm still on
decK," and then the captain caught hold
of a rope to steady himself as the ship
lurched toward the land.
Every swell that strikes the Colombia
works her further in shore, inch by inch
and foot by foot. By this time to-mor
row, if the present rate of progress keeps
up, it will be possible to pitch hay down
on to her decks from the fields above. To
such ienoble possibility may a noble ship
come in her great helplessness.
Up to noon to-day there was water in
only one compartment forward. There is
no water aft, though the rocks are ex
pected almost with each roll to punch a
hole into her and let in the sea. The fires
under her boilers were out this morning.
The reason for this was stated by one of
the engineers to be to save coal. Most of
the ship's coal is in the forward compart
ment, and the bulkhead next to it is full
of rolling water and floating and pitching
cargo. It could be plainly seen through
the open hatch. During a half-hour this
morning the water in this compartment
raised two feet, until it was flush with the
deck, and broken boxes and packages of
merchandise were almost thrown over the
sides of tbe hatch as back and forth she
rocked.
Captain Clark said this afternoon if the
weather was favorable he intended to drop
his anchors and try to work the Colom
bia's stern around so that she would float
with only her prow on the sand and rocks.
The tug Vigilant is lying about a half mile
out to sea for this purpose or any other
service she may be able to render the
stranded ship. Tbe tug Reliance lay out
to sea all forenoon, but left at 12 o'clock for
San Francisco with Mrs. Strand, the stew
ardess of the Colombia, several attaches of
the ship an.l other passengers. Mrs. Strand
waved a sad farewell to her shipmates as
she left for the tag in one of the ship's
boats.
Captain Metcalf, an underwriter's agent,
took charge of the stranded steamer.
The ColomDia's crew, the from captain
down, will remain with her until ordered
!to leave. All the boats are tied alongside,
and during the night a big, white lifeboat
from the life-saving station at Fort Point
came down and dropped anchor between
HOW THE COLOMBIA RAN ASHORE.
The Steamate Colombia as Sfoe Appeared ,Near Pigeon Point Lighthouse Yesterday Wften the Visiting Underwriters Were Conveyed on Board
- by the Crew of the Fort Point Lifeboat. .. , , . /,>■'■
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 16, 1896.
the ship and the shore. This it could eas
ily do, as the Colombia rolls in less than
four fathoms of water. The figures on her
bow show twenty-three feet, while her
stern is comparatively higti up. As the
ship lies at present there is no danger to
the lives of those aboard, but if a blow
should come up and the swells run high
the ship's boats would be very necessary.
Work aboard the Colombia to-day indi
cates her abandonment, as much, if not
more, than it does anything else. She is
being diligently liehtered of her cargo,
and everything aboard is being racked up,
preparatory to removal, from lamp glebes
to the ship's stores. The steward said it
Continued on Ihird rage.
GETTING THE HORSE-LAUGH.
TO BE OR
NOT TO BE,
Momentous Question Ad
dressed to the People's
Party.
INDORSEMENT OF BRYAN
IS DEATH.
Alliance With the Democracy
Will Make That Party a
Suppliant.
CHAIRMAN TATJBENECK7S NEW
SCHEME.
Sergeant-at-Arms McDrwell's Impor
tant Visit to the Arkansas
Convention.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., July 15.— J. H.
McDowell, sergeant-at-arms of the Popu
list National Committee, arrived hereto
day from St. Louis and immediately went
before the State Populist Convention with
a proposition which he said was written
by Chairman Taubeneck and would be
submitted to th« National Convention at
St. Louis next week. It is as follows:
Tne all-absorbing question now agitating
the political world is what the People's party
and the Silver party will do at their respective
conventions to be held in St. Louis July 22. In
order to restore silver to its lawful place and
make a combination with Democrats they
mv.st do one of two things:
First— lndorse the Democratic ticket nom
inated at Chicago and merge into the Demo
cratic party; or
Second — Nominate a ticket of their own and
enter into an agreement with the Democrats
on one set of electors. If the first policy is
pursued the People's party will lose its iden
tity, and for the following reasons become an
annex to the Democratic party:
First— Whenever one party indorses the Na
tional ticket of another it has no further ex
cuse to exist.
Second— All the State, Congressional, legis
lative and county candidates in the People's
party, with the exception of a few Western
States, will have to resign, because it will be
impossible for the Populist candidates to make
a tight for their local tickets when the party
nationally indorses the Chicago nominees.
Third— The Populist and Silver parties will
lose tbeir organisations, and will go to pieces
after the November election and become a part
of the Democratic machine.
Fourth— The Populist press, which ia a
powerful factor with an organisation behind
it, would disappear and be displaced by a
Democratic press and the Populist editors
turned down.
Fifth — Should the Populist party indorse the
Democratic nominees and the ticket be suc
cessful at the polls next November the Pop
ulists would not be in a position to demand
anything except what a Democratic adminis
tration might dole out to them.
Sixth— lf the Populist and Silver parties
merge into the Democratic party the Demo
cratic administration will carry out the Demo-
cratic platform as regards paper money re
deemable in coin and no more, while all
other reforms demanded by the Populists will
have to wait until another new party forces an
old one to take them up, as the People's party
has now forced the Democratic party to take
up the money question.
Seventh— lf the Populist convention in
dorses Mr. Bryan it cannot deliver more than
60 per cent of the People's party voters to
the Democratic candidate. The disaffection
caused by such a course would keep a large
number of Populists who are bitterly opposed
I to surrendering the People's party at home on
] election day. This loss alone would be suf
ficient to elect McKinley electors in Kansas,
; MlMOUri, Nebraska and many other States.
On the other hand, suppose the Populist and
Silver parties consolidate and pursue the pol
icy of nominating a ticket of their own and
unite with the Democrats on electors, what I
will then be their status before the country ?
In the place of an annex to the Democratic
party they will become an ally, lor the follow
ing reasons:
First— lt will preserve the People's party
organization for future use, and by making an
alliance with the bolting Republicans the
Populists will outnumber the Democrats and
make them the third party at the polls next
November.
Third— lf the combination ticket is success
fnl the Populists will have either the Presi
dent or Vice-President and will also be in a
position to demand an equal share ol the Fed
eral patronage, including the Cabinet and
foreign appointments.
Third— Every Democratic newspaper, espe
cially the daily press, will be compelled to
trot the Populists on equal terms with the
Democrats. This will give the Populists a
daily press in the South and West.
Fourth— The Populist party has the best lit
erature on the silver and money questions,
which will be in great demand, and the Demo
crats wili have to help circulate it.
Filth— ln the South the Democrats will be
compelled to give the Populists a lair count
and a representation at, the polls, because if
an alliance is made between the two parties
ballot stuffing and counting out would not go.
Sixth— lt will preserve the Populist press and
make it much more powerful than at the pres
ent time. This alone ought to appeal to every
Populist proper in the land to oppose the idea
of becoming an annex in the place of an ally.
Seventh— When that portion of the Popu
list platform upon which Democrats agree is
enacted into law the Populists can continue
to educate the people o'i the other demands of
j the platform.
These are the two roads which confront the
People's and Silver parties at the National
Convention. Do these two parties possess
statesmanship and generalship enough to take
advantage of the situation and become an ally
in the place of an annex? Will they preserve
party identity and prove to the world that
they are able to cope with the most astute pol
iticians of this generation, or will they sur
render their principles and organization at
the behest of an opponent which has never let
an opportunity escape to stab them to death?
Stevenson In Line.
BOWLING GREEN, Ky., July 15.— Vice-
President Stevenson and wife arrived in
the city last evening from Bloomincton,
111. The Vice-President said: "I will
support the nominees of the Chicago con
vention, but as to the outlook I am not
well enough posted to give an opinion."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEMOCRATS
DISMAYED,
The Populist Convention
Too Large to Be Cap
tured.
NEARLY 1400 DELEGATES
ENROLLED.
Straight-Away People's Party
Men Will Refuse to In
dorse Bryan.
ANARCHISTIC ALTGELD TO BE
RrBUKED.
Several Hundred Women Will Repre
sent Their Home Localities at
St. Louis.
"The Call's" Headquabtebs,)
Hotel Lixdell, V
St. Loris, Mo., July 15. )
The greatest obstacle in the way of the
Silver Democrats obtaining control of tbe
Populist convention is the unprecedented
size of that body, there beinp 1341 dele
gates. If Indian Territory, Oklahoma and
Alaska are admitted to the convention, as
they probably will, the vote will be nearly
1400. The respective States and Territories
are entitled to as many alternates as dele
gates, and as every one is expected to
send nearly a full quota of each, it is ex
pected that fully 2500 people will sit in
the Populist convention. It will be the
largest political convention in the history
jof American politics. Among the dele-
I gates will be several hundred women
! elected to represent the party in the locali
| ties in which they reside.
The apportionment of delegates to the
several States makes a very interesting
study. In the conventions of the Repub
lican and Democratic parties, New York,
'or instance, had 72 votes and California
I^. in the Populist convention California
will have 39 and New York 44. North
Carolina and Texas have 95 delegates
each, the largest allotment in the list.
Kansas conies next with 92, then Ten
nessee with 77, Georgia with 61, Alabama
and Illinois with 54 each, Minnesota and
Virginia with 53 each, Nebraska with 51,
Ohio with 49, Colorado with 45, New York
witk 44, Pennsylvania with 42, California
with 39, Missouri with 38, lowa and In
diana with 30, Michigan with 29, Ken
tucky and Wisconsin 25, Massachusetts 21,
Arkansas 20, Oregon, Washington and
South Carolina 17, Louisiana and Missis
sippi 15, North Dakota and New Jersey
12, Montana 11, Maine, Oklahoma and
Maryland 9, Florida and West Virginia 8,
Connecticut, Idaho and Wyoming and
Nevada 7, Utah 5, New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, Vermont, District of Columbia,
New Mexico and Arizona 4 and Dela
ware 3.
The basis of representation la one dele
pate for each United States Senator and
one for each Representative. The remain
der of the delegation of each State will bo
based on the State vote for the Populist's
Presidential candidate four years ago.
It will be seen from the foregoing appor
tionment that the coming People's party
will not represent population, but Popu
lists four years ago being represented in
this convention by the largest number of
delegates. Thus it will De a body fairly
representative of the Populistic senti
ments of this country and if I am not mis
taken it will be a very unwieldy one for
the silver Democracy to mold to its own
ends.
The reversal of the order of importance
in the several States, the last being put
first and the first last, is a unique feature
of this convention. Thus Nebraska will
have seven votes more than densely popu
lated New York, while California, with a
population not much larger than that of
the city of New York, will have only five
votes less than New York State. Hence
the vote in the convention will be indica
tive not of the predominence of a State,
but of the predominance of the Populist
party in that particular State.
Another unique feature will be several
hundred women delegates, who, it is pre
sumed, will insist on having the last word
on every question. For this reason it is
expected that the proceedings and the
debates will be characterized by that
courtesy and gallantry which ia the good
old days before th*» war was so conspicu
ous and such an agreeable feature of Dem
ocratic gatherings south of Mason and
Dixon's line. It is to be expected also
that when these new delegates arrive here
they will not be reticent as their male
brothers, for the Populist woman, bless
her, has a mind of ber own and is brave
enough notoniv to speak it, but to shout it.
The "middle-of-the-road" Pops are be
coming alarmed and indignant over the
attempts of the silver faction of the Dem
ocracy to absorb the People's party by
capturing its convention and are about to
open straight Populistic headquarters and
fling out the banner of their principles de
fiantly to the breeze.
Dr. D. Shattinger of South St. Louis has
engaged a large store next to the main en
trance of the Laclede Hotel for the straight
away, non-fusion, non-union, uncom
promising Populists. The doctor repre
sents the People's party Central Commit
tee and the People's party propaganda of
this city. The straight-away Populist has
the mettle and he is coming in large num
bers from all the contiguous States to see
that his side of the question shall have
fair play. Four hundred of him will come
Irom old Kentucky and will occupy rooms
at the Holland Houbc Other Southerners
will make the St. James the headquarters
for the straight middle-of-the-road Peo
ple's party of their section of t.;e country.
They are all in training for a fight and
will give the silver Democracy the great
battle of its life.
The straight-away Populists are very
| much cheered Dy the news of the dafeo>2
tions from the ranks of the Bryan anarch
istic Democrats. Every issue of the daily
newspapers is filled with announcements
of old-time influential Democratic leaders
and newspapers getting from under the
anarchistic platform and .taking shelter
under the safe and (conservative platform
of the Republican party or joining forces
with that radical element of politics
known as Populism. On the other hand,
the Bryan Democrats are stricken with
dismay. Their only hope, their last
ditch, is t:je capture of the People's party
convention. When that fails, as I am
certain that it will, they will see* some
secluded spot, give a few spasmodic kicks,
utter a few groans and quietly curl up and
die.
A severe blow was given to tne St. Louis
Democracy last nieht at the meeting of the
Jefferson Club, the strongest Democratic
organization of tne State. The club had
adopted a resolution indorsing Bryan and
Sewail, when Kolla Wells, its president,
who is oue of its most esteemed and in
fluential members, announced that as a
consistent Democrat be could not suppbrt
the Chicago ticket, and that he would
therefore resign his office and sever his
connection with the club. When be picked
up his hat and walked out of the door the
sensation became so chilly that the dele
gates ceased to perspire.
Hon. B. B. Cahooa of Fredericktown,
Mo., a Republican candidate for Gov
ernor, is pouring hot shot into the ranks
of the Altgeld-Tillman-Bryan democracy.
He said to me last night:
"The small farmer and the capitalist
alike are alarmed at the ascendency of the
Aitgelds and the Tillmans in the Deroo
<ratic party, for they realize that that
nieans a war on the man whose industry
has honestly accumulated $1000, by lazy
vagabonds, who have never accumulated
anything. The people of this country will
stamp out men like Bryan, men who seek
to make more discontented those who have
nothing by arraying them against the in
dustrious and saving classess. Let us
have a bchool-district campaign and we
will redeem Missouri in spite of the fusion
of the Democrats and Populists, winning
the State on the issue of its business devel
opment, and we will bold it permanently
hereafter."
The principal topic of conversation here,
on the streets and in the Merchants' Ex
change is the repudiation by the honest
Democracy of the Bryan-Sewall ticket.
Defections are noted all around and the
same thing seems to be prevalent in other
States.
Even at the seat of government, the
Democracy is breaking away from the
Chicago platform. Assistant Secretary
Harnlin of the Treasury is reported as
saying that the perpetuity of republican
institutions is threatened and that every
loyal citizen, irrespective of party, should
ally himself aeainst the forces that control
the Chicago convention, force of lawless
ness which are inconsistent with the main
tainence of the republic. Secretary Her
bert has also announced that he will not
support the ticket.
General John.Gill of Maryland, who was
a delegate to the Chicago convention, said
that the best way to stem the free silver
tide and to preserve the credit of the
country, was for a!l sound money Demo
crats to vote for McKinley.
Captain George If. Jackson, a Populist
delegate from Arkansas, says that every
tenth of the platform on which Mr. Bryan
stands is in opposition to the principles of
the Populist idea. He is opposed to and
will right against the indorsement of
Bryan and in favor of the nomination of
Senator Teller, of Colorado, or Judge
Caldwell of Little Rock, Ark., for Presi
dent. *
The most prominent Populist delegate
on the ground is ex-Governor John Price
Buchanan of Tennessee. Mr. Buchanan
is a representative of that manly type of
the Southern gentleman whose presence
is as grateful to the senses as the perfume
of the magnolia blossoms thatprow around
his piazza in his beloved Southern home.
His face is that of one who has lived well
and at peace with his neighbors. He is a
representative People's party man and his
lineage is American of the bluest of the
blue. His ancestors were for generations
past native Tennesseeans.
The Governor spent his boyhood days
on a farm three miles from Franklin. At
the breaking out of the Civil War young
Buchanan, inspired by love of his home,
and burning with loyalty for all that was
near and dear, to him, enlisted as a pri
vate in the Confederate army at the age of
16 years and served with gallantry during
the last year of the war in General For
rest's famous cavalry. After the close of
the war he returned home and went to
f-chool. At the age of twenty he married
his sweetheart and with true Southern
pluck went to farming in wheat, corn and
cotton on rented land in the effort to
build himself a home.
As a poor man at the very foot of the
ladder he began the struggle of lite. But
his loyalty to home, his industrious
habits, his sterling manhood and Ins
ability were recognized spontaneously by
his neighbors without any seeking on his
part, and thus without "hi 3 solicitation
and in the face of his positive declination
tbey elected him a mercLisr of the Legis
lature of 18S7 and 1889, He gave so much
satisfaction that in 1890 they elected him
Governor of the great State "of Tennessee.
When Cleveland was nominated for the
Presidency toward the close of Governor
Buchanan's term, the Governor, through
patriotic and conscientious motives, as
many of the best Democrats then and
since have done, refused to advocate Mr.
Cleveland's election. Governor Buchanan
was therefore obliged to undergo ostra
cism by the machine of the Democratic
party and to run for the governorship as
an independent Southern gentleman.
Through the power of the machine he
was defeated, and no doubt realizing that
the Democracy, once the party of Jeffer
son and Jackson, had become a Hessian
of whatever wind that blew, joined the
Populists, because lie saw in the platform
of that organization the principles which
were in accord with his honest convic
tions.
Governor Buchanan told me these thines
to-night only after considerable solicita
tion on my part, lie has the modest} of
the true gentleman, and I had to wrestle
with him as Jacob did with the angel, al
though I am not of the tribe of Jacob, and
although the Governor (and I ask his
pardon publicly for saying it) is not of the
tribe of the angel.
Governor Buchanan believes that the
financial issue is the great one before the
people in this campaign, but declined to
say whether he was or was not in favor of
the indorsement of Populist Bryan and
Capitalist Sewall.
rutting two and two together and com
puting that they make four (which is a
Hani task in this muggy weather), I should
say, taking the fact into consideration
tbat Governor Buchanan did not love
Grover Cleveland, and that Grover Cleve
land did not love him, that Governor
Buchanan may be suspected of a silver
lining. I hope tbat I am mistaken, be
cause I liKe the Governor, but I can sin
cerely say that on whatever side of the
controversy the Governor opens his lips,
be will be sincere.
With Governor Buchanan is one of his
intimate friends, C. C. Henderson of Mur
freesboro. Term. He withdrew from the
corrupt Democracy at the same time that
Governor Buchanan did, and I have a
hunch from my familiar spirit that he is
of the same opinion as to the question of
fusion. John Paul Cosgeave.
Remains True to Bryan.
BUFFALO, N V., July 15.— The Buf
falo Evening Times (D.) announces that it
will support the Chicago platforn and
ticket, and is opposed to the nomination
of a tuird ticket by Eastern Democrats.
BRYAN SHOUTERS
NOW ARRIVING,
Advocates of the Nebras
kan Flocking to St.
Louis.
SEEK HIS INDORSEMENT
Populists Will Not Approve the
Chicago Nominee Without
a Fight.
THE PLATTE ORATOR FEARED.
Interviews With Prominent People's
Party Men Who Favor the
Boy Speaker.
The Calt/s Headquabteks,)
Hotel Liktdell, r
St. Loms, July 15. )
There will be a fight in the Populist
National Convention over the proposed
indorsement of William J. Bryan for Pres
ident of the United States. It may be
long and bitter — it may be short and de
cisive. Already the combatants on both
sides are here in large numbers. They are
active, aggressive and uncompromising.
The middle-of-the-road boys will not give
up the struggle until they have been com
pletely vanquished. They want no quar
ter and will give none. They are righting
for the life of their party and against the
indorsement of a Democrat for any fed
eral office, great or small. This wing of
the party is encouraged in its efforts to
down Bryan in the convention by Chair
man Taubeneck and the other officers of
the National Committee. Taubeneck
draws a salary of $4000 a year and the
other officers of the party are paid in pro
portion.
Despite their efforts the Bryan boom is
growing. His shouters are arriving here
by every train, and when the leading
silver advocates of the country get on the
ground they will greatly swell the Bryan
procession. The Populists that are fight
ing the Nebraskan are fearful that he
should suddenly wave into town during
a session of the convention and stampede
it by one of his whirlwind speeches. They
feel that they could not resist the pres
sure of his eloquence and are praying that
nis footsteps may be directed elsewhere.
The fact is they live in daily fear of Bryan.
They realize that his indorsement means
the annihilation of their party.
Telecrarus have been pouring into head
quarters to-day from Nebraska, Kansas,
Colorado, South Dakota, Arkansas and
some of the Southern States, all declaring
for Bryan.
Interest in the corring convention is in
creasing daily, and by the end of the week
it will be at fever heat. It promises to be
the most important gathering of National
Populists in the history of the party. It
means a perpetuation of life or eternal
death. Missouri has divided on the main
question. One wing is for indorsing Bryan
and Sewall, while another wing will sup
port the proposition to nam« a straight
ticket and adopt a platform.
Ei-Governor Walte of Colorado, who
will head the delegation from that Btate,
is out for indorsing Bryan and Sewall,
and will begin work for it as soon as he
reaches St. Louis. He is backed by the
delegation from Colorado, which puts a
damper on the plan of the anti-Bryan
wing to put forward Senator Teller as a
Presidential candidate.
The advance guard of the Tennessee
delegation, which came in la3t night, has
a full-fledged Vice-Presidential baom for
W. H. Minims of that State. Ex-Governor
Buchanan, who has charge of the Mimms
boom, does not like Sewall, but is not
strongly opposed to Bryan. If it could be
so arranged that the Democratic Presi
dential nominee could be given first place
and Mimms second the Tennessee crowd
would be satisfied. Other wise, the Ten
nessee delegates, together with those from
other Southern States, will join the
middle-of-the-road faction and attempt to
swing the convention into line for an in
dependent party ticket. While Governor
Buchanan declines to state his position as
to indorsing Bryan, it is evident from his
talk that he favors such a course on the
part of the Populists.
"Bryan is a fine man," he said this
morning, "and the only way to secure free
silver is by a union of forces. The Demo
cratic platform and ticket is a vindication
of the men who bolted the Chicago con
vention four years ago."
"It is said, Governor, that the Southern
Populists will not accept Bryan %s their
candidate, because they do not want to
return to the Democratic party. How
about that?"
"They would not be returning to the
Democratic party," answered the rennes
seean. "The party would be returning to
them. True Populism is pure Democ
racy—Jeffersonian Democracy— and the
origin of the People's party was the de
parture from pure Democracy by the
Democratic party when it allowed Cleve
land and the Eastern contingent to take
the helm. In adopting the Populist plat
form and nominating a man like Bryan
the Democrats have returned to the prin
ciples of pure Democracy."
The biggest fight next to the one indors
ing the candidates will be that over the
platform. A very strong wing of the party,
beaded by Chairman Taubenbeck, Ser
geant-at-Arms McDowell, Chairman Roz
zelle of the Missouri State Committee and
many members of the National Committee,
proposes to make a fight for the adoption
of the Omaha platform instead of an in
dorsement of the Chicago declaration.
"I do not know what course may be
taken by the National Committee," said
the chairman. "It will hold its first session
the day before the convention meets, ana
while I have no doubt the individual
members will work for what they consider
the wisest and safest course for the party
to pursue there will be no attempt to
dictate to the convention as a body what it
shall do."
Notwithstanding this statement it is un
derstood that there will be a sharp clash
between the National Committee and the
leaders of the party who are to come to St.
Louis to work for Bryan.
J. T. Flynn, delegate at large from Cali
fornia to the convention for the American
Bimetallic League, arrived in town to-day.
He is the editor of the Populist, published
in San Francisco. Mr. Flynn was not
long in town before he declared himself in.
favor of the indorsement of W. J. Bryan
of Nebraska for President. He thinks
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
that both the Populists and the Silverites
will unfalteringly indorse the nomination
of the ooy statesman of the Platte.
"Do you think the convention will in
dorse the nomination of Bryan?" I in
quired.
"That is hard to tell," replied Mr.
Flynn. "There may be some doubt as to
the action of the convention. There is no
doubt as to what the Populists will do at
the polls, they will vote for Bryan. The
People's party stands for a principle and
it knows no bosses. No man carries the
vote or the indorsement of tbe Populists
in his pocket. It is a thing that belongs
to the people alone and they have already
made up their minds to vote for Bryan.
Any attempt to defeat that purpose will
result in the perpetual retirement of its
promoters. The Populists are nearer vic
tory to-day than the most enthusiastic
advocate hoped for, and they are not go
ing to throw that chance away by voting
against a man who differs from them only
in the name of his party. The fact that
Bryan stands upon a Democratic platform,
and especially such a platform as was con
structed at Chicago, is no disqualification.
There is very little between the Omaha
platform and the Chicago platform.
There will be no third party in the ri^ld,
at least so far as the Presidential electors
are concerned. The vote of silver will be
cast as a unit."
"How about the bimetallic convention;
will it offer any names to the public?"
"Yes, it will put up a candidate, and his
name is W. J. Bryan of Nebraska. There
will be no other name considered before the
convention. The bimetallists are in favor
of silver and they know that W. J. Bryan
is the most redoubtable champion the
white metal has ever had.
"His effort at the Democratic convention
the other day is only one of a thousand
such efforts. He is always the same, able,
hODest and eloquent. If it were possible
to get the 12,000,000 voters of this country
under one roof so that W. J. Bryan's voice
would reach them the election would be
over in one hour."
"How about Arthur Sewall? Will his
wealth be against him with the Populists ?"
"No, the Populists are not opposed to
wealth. It is the manner of accumulating
it that they object to. Arthur Sewall,
while a ricn man, has done much to pro
mote the industrial and commercial in
terests of the nation. I have seen the
white -winged messengers of commerce
owned by the Sewall family in nearly all
parts of the world. Wherever they went
the products of America went. That is
what we want— trade. Bryan and Sewall
will give it to us."
George P. Keeney, late of San Francisco,
but now of New York, general organizer
of the National Silver party, rearing a
linen suit of clothes, a straw hat and a
hopeful expression, arrived from Chicago
this morning. He had been in attendance
at the Democratic National Convention,
and acting under instiuction of his supe
riors came to St. Louis to hurry up the
Bryan boom. Mr. Keeney has had him
self interviewed in all the afternoon papers
and goes on record as saying that the
Nebraskan will carry New York and every
other State of importance from the Atlantic
to tbe Pacific. Standing in the lobby of
the Lindell, surrounded by a crowd of
growlers and silverites, the San Franciscan
delivered himseif of a Utopian speech.
Among other things he said:
"The reign of terror of the gold autocrats
is over. It is an open fight, and men who
two months ago sneered at me within the
last few days have acknowledged that if
they win at all it must be with their
money, for popular sentiment is against
them."
"Will the Silver Convention indorse
Bryan and Sewall?"
"For my part, it will, and I think that is
the sentiment of all men outside of the
regular Democratic organization who wish
to see the cause of free silver triumph. It
is the only logical thing to do."
Ex- Attorney-General W. H. Standish of
Grand Forks, N. D., chairman of the sil
ver party of nis State, is here to attend the
convention of his party. Asked if he
favored tha indorsement of Bryan and
Bewail by this convention, he said:
"Personally, I think it tne. proper and
logical thing to do. "What will be the
action of the convention 1 cannot forecast.
I believe, though, that the general senti
ment points that way. I am quite sure
that Bryan will get the Populist vote of
North Dakota, whether or not he is in
dorsed by the St. Louis convention."
Hon.. Andrew H. Paton of Danvers,
Mass., member of the Populist National
Committee by proxy from his State, regis
tered at the Lindell Hotel this morning.
He wore on his lapel a bright, new Bryan
button, and the enthusiasm with which he
talked for Bryan would have made one
think that he was fresh from the valley of
the Platte. Mr. Paton is the great inco
honee of the Improved Order of Red Men
of the United States.
"Will the Populist convention indorse
Bryan?". I asked. '-
"Whether or not it will be straight-out
indorsement or coalition," he said, "I
don't know; but as a patriotic party, de
sirous of reform, the Populists cannot and
will not dodge this issue or throw any
thing in the way of its success."
Frank McGuirk.
«
Arkansas Delegates Unlnstructed.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., July 15.— The
Populist State Convention met here to
day. The entire session was taken up in
the discussion of a resolution to instruct
the delegates to the National Convention
to vote for the nomination of Bryan for
President. N. C. Norwood offered a sub
stitute providing that the delegates be in
structed to affirm the Omaha platform and
tender the Presidential nomination to
Bryan on the platform adopted by the
People's party and to nominate a true
Populist for Vice-president. Twenty-rive
speeches were made pro and con. Tne
convention to-night, by a vote of 178J^ to
21%, rejected the Norwood substitute and
voted unanimously tosendantminstructed
delegation to the St. Louis convention.
The delegation was instructed to vote as a
unit on the Presidential nominee and
adoption of platform.
. ♦
Conference of Gold Democrats.
ST. PAUL, Minn., July 15.— Daniel W.
LawJer, Democratic NationaJ Committee
man from Minnesota, this evening issued
a call to the gold Democrats of Minnesota
for a conference here July 26. This gath
ering will decide and will communicate
with the gold Democrats of New York,
Illinois and elsewhere, with a view to co
operation in the matter of naming a Na
tional sound money Democratic ticket.
Mr. Lawler said he had been named as
Democratic National Committeeman from
this State by a sound money convention
and would continue to hold his office for
lour years. If the committee named at
Chicago wanted a man of its own kind he
saw no objection to its naming a man in
Minnesota.
ROYAL ERTROTHAL.
llrad of the Bourbon* to Wed an Austrian
Arehttuchett.
VIENNA, Austeia, July 15.— Prince
Louis Philip Robert, Due d'Orleans, son
of the late Comte de Paris and head of the
house of Bourbons-Orleans, was formally
betrothed at Alosuth Castle in Hungary
this afternoon to the Archduchess Marie
Dorothe Amelia, daughter of Archduke
Joseph of Austria. The Due d'Orleaus is
27 years of age and his fiancee 29.
BRYAN'S VISIT TO
HIS BIRTHPLACE.
Greeted by an Enthusiastic
Gathering at Salem,
Illinois.
ADDRESSED OLD FRIENDS
Familiar Scenes Turned His
Thoughts to Home and
Kindred.
CHILDHOOD HOURS RECALLED.
Obligations of the Government to the
People Described by the
Nebraskan.
SALEM, 111., July 15.— Salem paid her
farewell to-day to William J. Bryan in a
grand demonstration that exceeded by far
the pyrotechnic reception given him on
his arrival here on Monday night Yes
terday morning the preparations were
begun and the result was the trans
formation of the candidate's birthplace
from an ordinary county seat to a place of
variegated color and lavish decoration. '
In front ot the old courthouse, where
Bryan made his maiden speech and wbere
his father presided as Circuit Judge for
many years, a platform had been erected
and was covered with red, white and blue
bunting and other embellishment. In re
sponse to a proclamation of Mayor Lakin
nearly every house floated the National
standard or some other adornment and
pictures of Bryan were prominent in
the windows of shops and private resi
dences.
Business was suspended and the whole
town prepared itself for making the day
the greatest that Salem ever experienced.
Excursions were run by the railroads, and
people from nearly all the neighboring
villages and the surrounding country took
advantage of the opportunity afforded by
cheap rates to hear Bryan. A promise
that Governor Altgeld would also make
an address was another attraction. Four
bands had been engaged for the occasion,
and three that helped the Salem orchestra
to make music headed delegations from
near-by towns.
A heavy wind and rain storm came at
noon, and for a while there was a stam
pede among the hundreds of visitors, who
believed a cyclone was imminent. The
rain ruined the decorations, and when it
ceased Salem presented a bedraggled ap
pearance. Courthouse Park was a mire,
and the 3000 people who were crowded
into the square had a very uncomfortable
standing-place.
A reception committee and several
bands escorted Mr. and Mrs. Bryan from
Mrs. Baird's residence to the park. Their
appearance was the signal for hearty
cheers.
L. M. Kagy presided at the meeting,
and alter prayer by F. B. Young, a
Methodist minister, he made a little
speech complimentary to Mr. Bryan, who
bad been his classmate at the Illinois
College, predicting Democratic victory in
November.
When the cheering had ceased Mr.
Bryan began spe-' '^ing. When he referred
to his father's and mother's recent death
there was much feeling in his tones. The
speech contained very little about politics,
and Mr. Bryan expressly disclaimed any
intention of making political speeches.
He said :
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Gentlemen: I
have no disposition 10 talk politics to-day. I
shall leave ell discussion of party questions to
those who shall follow. Returning to the
%fents which surround my home, the mem
ories of other days crowd out all thoughts of
other subjects on which we may agree or dis
agree. I remember with gr&teful appreciation
the kindly feeling on church and party lines
when I lived among yon, and I shall not at
tempt to divide by party lines those who are
here to-day. This is the home of my birth and
early manhood. Three blocks south is my
birthplace; a mile southwest is the home ot
my early boyhood. I shall never fail to be
grateful to my parents for taking me to the
farm where I gained the physical strength
that enabled me to stand the rigors of a
political lite.
Mr. Bryan referred to the adjacent court
house as the place where he made bis tirst
political speech, and to other places iden
tified with his political career, and was
app'.audeii when he added, "It was here
that I first brought her who came to share
life's joys and sorrows with me." He
could not forget, he said, those whose
kindly faces smiled upon him before for
tune smiled. He referred to the near-by
graveyard and spoke feelingly of the dead
father and mother. "I cannot forget this
place or these people," said the orator,
"and I cannot to-day express in words all
that I feel."
1 believe that there is an ideal plane in poli
tics and I believe I stand upon it to-day. We
meet recognizing the differences of feel
ing, but vrita charity toward each other. We
are all imbued with the same spirit, all imbued
with the same ambitions, all aiming to carry
out the same purposes. We want government
of the people, for the people and by the people,
and If we differ as to the means we cannot
differ as honest citizens, but only in purpose.
I thank the Republicans who are assembled
here, I thank the Prohibitionists, I thank the
Populists as much as I do the Democrats, be
cause, my frißnds, when these questions which
rise to the lurface and agitate people have
passed away we then understand those funda
mental principles which underlie our Gov
ernment.
We all agree in this, that when the Govern
ment comes in contact with the citizen and
the citizen with the Government, we all stand
equal before the law. We agree that the Gov
ernment can be no rcspector of person, and
that its strength, its matchless strength, must
be the protection of the fortunes of the great
and the business of the poor; that it shall
stand an impartial arbiter between its citizens.
We believe that governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the governed. We
know no divine right of kings. These citizens
are those upon whom rest the responsibilities
of government, and whiie each strives in his
own way to bring the Government lo be a fit
expression of the v^oplei vfe cannot agree on
those minor points which separate us.
It was here I received my first instructions
in Democracy. It was here I learned the
truth of the saying that clothes don't make
the man. But all who have the good of the
country at heart — all these stand on a com
mon ground and all are citizens. These£are
the basic principles upon which rests the
greatest nation on earth. I believe in the pro
gress of the race. Talk not to me of crisis
through which we cannot pass or obstacles too
great to overcome. I know none such. A
patriotic people are ready to meet every emer
gency as it arises and as each generation rises
I believe it wili be better fitted to perform the
work of progress than the one before.
; It was here that I learned freedom of con*
I science. Every man has the right to worship
God according to his own conscience, and no
man shall dictate how a man shall serve his
God. (Loud cheers.)
Mr. Bryan quoted Abraham r Lincoln's
famous Gettysburg speech, referring to
the. absolute confidence with which the
Nation might look to the people in time
of danger; and in conclusion, said:' "My
friends, here and throughout the land, the
Nation can look with confidence to that
patriotism and courage .which will meet
every danger." ' :
Mrs. Bryan was presented to the audi
ence and was given a hearty greeting, to
which she responded with a bow. Several
other speakers' were heard and the meet
ing was voted a great success.
— : ♦
CLEVELAND BOLTS.
Ha Will Advocate an Independent
Democratic Honest-Money
Ticket.
CHICAGO, 111., July 16.— A local paper
prints the following Washington dis
patch :
President Cleveland will advocate an
independent Democratic honest-money
ticket. From a source so high that it is
known to be authentic, the information
comes that he will announce pnblinly in
some way that he favors the nomination
of two men who will represent the sound
money standard as presidential candidates
in the campaign now on.
SENTIMENT DIVIDED.
Populists Do Not Know Whether
They Will Follow Bryan or
Nominate Another.
ST. LOUIS, lao., July 15.— As the time
approaches for the assembling of the Peo
ple's party National Convention the divi
sion of sentiment between support of
Bryan and independent action becomes
sharply defined. At tbe party head
quarters there is uneasiness. Chairman
Taubeneck has committed himself to
Teller, whiie tbe burden of the majority of
the telegrams and letters received there
favor the indorsement of Bryan.
A meeting of the National Committee is
called for Saturday morning. One serious
question which faces the Populists is the
attitude of the Silver party, whose repre
sentative on the ground, Dr. J. J. Mott of
North Carolina, practically confesses that
bis party will almost assuredly indorse
Bryan. This is a decided reversal of form
in comparison with the original policy of
the Silver party.
Dr. Mott said to-day in answer to a ques
tion as to whether his party's convention
would indorse the Chicago nominee and
platform: "l would not be surprised; in
fact I expect that it will. All we want is
silver's Bucceas, and the surest way of get
ting it is the one we will adopt."
Dr. Mott said there will be no side issues
—the tariff or anything else— introduced
to interfere with the progress of the coo
vention, though the fact that this would
be the first convention ever held by them
might prolong the sessions at least two
days.
George P. Keeney, general organizer of
the National Silver party, arrived to-day.
He is firmly of the opinion that his party
will indorse Bryan.
"Cyclone" Davis, the Texas Populist, is
one of to-day's arrivals who opposes the
indorsement of Bryan and favors Teller.
"With Teller," said he, "we could carry
all the Southern States, not one of which
will approve the indorsement of Bryan.
The Populist party must maintain its own
identity."
P. V. Elliott, a Montana Populist and a
leading Knight of Labor, takes the oppo
site view. "We must insure the success
of silver," he said, "for that is the issue
before the people to-day. lam in favor of
the election of Bryan, and shall work for
his indorsement by the People's party."
Delegate Patton of Massachusetts is here
working for the indorsement of Bryan.
Ex-Governor John P. Buchanan of Ten
nessee is also for Bryan : He said to-day :
"An indorsement would not be returning
to the Democratic party— the party would
be returning to us. True Populism is pure
Democracy — Jeffersonian Democracy
and the origin of the People's party was
tbe departure from pure Democracy by
the Democratic party when it allowed
Cleveland and the Eastern contingent to
take the hplm. In adopting the Populist
platform and nominating a man like
Bryan, the Democrats have returned to
principles of pure Democracy."
The silver party convention will have
1200 delegates.
ANDREW D. WHITE BOLTS.
Though a Life-Long Democrat He
Cannot Lend Indorsement
to Anarchy.
ITHACA, N. V., July 15.— 1n an open
letter to J. Sterl ng Morton, William L.
Wilson and others Hon. Andrew D.
White, a life-long Democrat, repudiates
the Chicago platform and ticket.
"The majority, masquerading under the
garb of Democracy at Chicago, has done
its worst," he 3ays. "It has made a plat
form which is diametrically opposed to
Democracy as developed by Jefferson,
Jackson, Benton, Seymour, Tilden and all
the great leaders of the party. More than
this, it is a platform leading logically and
historically to a despotism which is the
very opposite of all Democracy, and in
which all Democracy and Republicanism
worthy of the name would be extin
guished. You know how contemptuously
all efforts to mitigate its most deadly
features wero repelled, but, bad as this is,
it is not the worst.
"For you must know, too, that it is but
the first installment of anarchist doc
trines. If not resisted and overwhelmed
now it is absolutely certain to be followed
by other parts of the programme, es
pecially the absorption of the bonds and
stocks oi railroads, telegraphs and vari
ous productive enterprises of the country,
with payment for them, if at all, m a
paper currency of nominal value, and
their management by the central Govern
ment, under the cry that all such things
have been built up for the people, belong
to the people and should be managed by
the people. Nor will confiscation stop
even here. Other extreme measures are
already vaguely foreshadowed ana will be
pushed, and some which even the boldest
have hardly dared hint at will yet be put
in platforms to attract new votes of cranks
and dupes and in the hope that perhaps
some new folly may obviate, modify or
obscure the consequences of the old."
ONLY SEVEN SILVERITES.
All That Could Possibly Be
Mustered at the Indiana State
Convention.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., July 15.-only
seven silver men gathered at the English
Hotel to-day to select delegates to the
silver convention at St. Louis next week.
Those seven adopted a motion instructing
the delegation to vote as a unit to endorse
Bryan and the Chicago platform. No
delegates were selected, but Anson Walcot
chairman of the meeting, was instructed
to furnish credentials to such people from
Indiana as might turn up at the conven
tlo.n * c separate silver organization in
this State has gone to pieces since its fol
lowing was swallowed by the action of the
Democrats at Chicago.
South Dakota's Indorsement.
HURON, S. D., July 15— The Populist
State Convention .to-day nominated a
ticket headed by Andrew Lee of Vermilion
for Governor and indorsed Bryan,
CLEVELAND WOMEN
VISIT McKINLEY,
They Came With Their
Own Band on Their
Own Train.
NO AGITATORS PRESENT
Marched From the Station to the
Nominee's Home During
a Storm.
MRS. AVERTS ELOQUENT TALK
Tho Ohio Man Says Woman's Ad
vancement Is the Best Thing
in Civilization.
CANTON, Ohio, July 15. —0n their spe
cial train, with their own band, several
hundred Cleveland women came to Can
ton this morning to call upon Major Mc-
Kinley and congratulate him upon his
nomination. A fast and furious summer
rain fell throughout most of the morning,
but did not prevent Canton people from
turning out in large numbers with a cor
dial good-will to welcome their fair visiN
ors. The Cleveland delegation was met at
the station by a large committee of Can
ton women under the leadership of Mrs.
Miller, president of the Sorosis Society.
The Cleveland women marched from the
railway station to the residence of Major
McKinley. He was standing on the porch
to receive them. The speech of congratu
lation was made on the part of the visitors
by Mrs. Elroy Avery of Cleveland, State
regent of the Daughters of the Revolution.
Mrs. Avery spoke at some length. She
said in part: \
We come from a city of great American in
dustries, which industries are suffering from
un-American legislation— an unfortified city
on the border, facing the Canadian frontier,
and yet recognizing that our best protection
against foreign aggression is a protective
tariff.
We have come to greet you not as politicians,
but as women, as wives and mothers and sis
ters. We cannot cast one vote for you, and yet
we love our country ; we desire and through
you we seek her prosperity and glory. We
know that when you enter at the door of the
White House peace and comfort will enter at
our doors; that when you receive your heri
tage by the decree of a grateful people our
husbands and fathers will receive the fruits of
their industry, and the heart of the wife and
mother will be made glad.
Every woman living is interested in the
money question. If our husbands earn the
money we spend, and we intend to spend it
without pleading guilty to the charge of a
weakness for the bargain counter, every thrifty
woman wants her few dollars to have as great
a purchasing power as possible; to be worth
100 cents; to be convertible into twenty
pounds of sugar, not ten. We stand ready to
welcome every one who refuses to dwell longer
in the tents of the opposition, and to bind up
the wounds of every one who, breaking loose
from the already disintegrating ranks of the
enemy and placing patriotism above party,
Dledges his support to the advance agent of
prosperity.
Mrs. Avery's speech was heartily and
frequently applauded.
In response to Mrs. Avery's remarks
Governor McKinley said in part:
Mrs. Avery: I greatly appreciate this
friendly call and assure you that I do not
undervalue the gracious message you have so
eloquently delivered. It is an assurance of
the deep interest which you feel and which
should be felt by every family in the land in
the public questions of the day and their right
ful settlement at the polls. There is no limit
ation to the influence that may be exerted by
women in the United States and no adequate
tribute can be Bpoken of her services to man
kind throughout its long and eventful history.
The work of women has been a power in every
emergency and always for good. Her influence
in the home, the church, the school and the
community, in molding character for every
profession and duty to whicn our race is con
nected, has been potential and sublime.
One of the beet things of our civilization in
America is the constant advancement of
woman to a higher plane of labor and re
sponsibility. The opportunities for her are
greater now than ever before. This is sin
gularly true here, where practically every
avenue of human endeavor is open to her.
Her impress Is felt in urt, science, literature,
song and government. The home over which
the trusted wife presides is the ideal of our
strength— the best guaranty of good citizen
ship and sound morals in government. It i 3
at the foundation; upon it all else is con
structed. I congratulate you upon what
woman has done for grand and noble objects
in the past. I rejoice with you at the wider
and broader field of the present and the
splendid vista of the future, which is every
where opening up for you- I again thank you
for your presence here and for this manifesta
tion of your regard and good will.
Major McKinley was frequently ap
plauded. When he finished speafcing there
was an earnest cheer, and then Miss Bir
delle Switzer of Cleveland steppsd forth
and presented Mrs. McKinley with a large
basket of handsome roses. The band, com
posed of women, played, and a song writ
ten for the occasion by Mrs. Stewart, pres
ident of the Cleveland Sorosis, was sung
by Mrs. Mary Ellsworth Clark, one of
Cleveland's sweetest singers. The women
fell into line while the band was playing,
and for nearly three-quarters of an hour
Major McKinley shook hands with his
visitors.
The band which accompanied, the Cleve
land delegation was composed of v.-omen,
who used fans visorously when they were
not blowing the big horns. It is a good
band and its members did not resemble
professional musicians in the least. There
were no professional female agitators or
reformers among the hundreds who came
to Canton to-day.
SPIRIT OF THE PRESS.
A Majority of American News-
papers Are Opposed to Bryan's
Candidacy.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.— The
Weekly Public Opinion of New i'ork
prints this week a symposium of carefully
selected comment from 123 leading news
papers in all parts of the country on the
Democratic Convention and the issues of
the campaign. Of these 58 are Democratic,
28 are Republican and 37 are independent
journals or special organs of labor organi
zations, farmers, singte-taxers, etc.
Of the 58 Democratic papers 32 repudi
ate the platform, 24 of these also prac
tically rejecting the candidates; 11 either
by implication or in plain words advise
Democrats to remain within the party
lines and vote for the ticket, with a reser
vation if necessary regard inj? the financial
plank; 2 declare for SlcKinley, 3 demand
an independent ticket and 15 declare for
the platform and candidate! with free
silver.
Of the 28 Republican papers 4 declare
for silver, while 4 say that the Democratic
party is dead or hopelessly disrupted. Of
the 37 independent and special journals 15
reject the platform and candidates, 9 de
clare for McKinley 10 declare for Bryan
and 3 demand an independent Democratic
ticket.
COLONEL IRISH IS ANGRY.
He Says He Is a Democrat, Not a
Dynamitter, and Wil! Not
Support Bryan.
IOWA CITY, lowa, July 15.— John P.
Irish of Oakland, Cal., was here on his
way home from the Chicago convention
yesterday. In an interview be scathingly
denounced the Chicago convention, say
ing:
"I will not support tbe platform nor the
candidate, for I am a Democrat, not a
dynamiter. The platform is a league with
larceny and a covenant with murder. The
candidate is a raw man who has achieved
nothing in public or private life to fit him
for the Presidency. California will give
15,000 majority against the platform and
candidate. The Democratic party in 1853
established the single gold standard and
buried silver as unlimited money. The
act of 1873 simply put a new headstone to
an old grave. The Chicago platform at
every point antagonizes every principle
held by the Democracy since 1801. Jeffer
son's declarations concerning the standard
of value and the ratio between gold and
silver were ignored at Chicago. The party
he founded was strumpeted to as corrupt
and criminal a combination as ever robbed
a stage."
SPEAKER REED'S OPINION.
He Thinks Sewall's Nomination
Will Break Up the Democratic
Party In Maine.
CHICAGO, 111., July 15.— A special dis
patch from Boston says that a correspond
ent for a local paper had a talk with
Speaker Reed at Old Orchard, Me., yester
day. When asked his opinion of tbe cam
paign outlook Mr. Reed said:
"I do not care to say much, but Mr.
Allen and myself are practically of the
same opinion, so you had better interview
Mr. Allen."
Mr. Allen, Mr. Reed's closest political
friend and adviser, said: "The action of
the Chicago convention in nominating
Mr. Sewall for the Vice-Presidency on a
silver platform after the Democrats of
Maine had selected their candidates for
State and County offices on a gold plat
form, is, to say the least, strange. -
"I do not think that Sewall will be able
to carry his own city, much less the Btate.
Apparently the only . reason the Demo
crats nominated Sewall is, he is the only
wealthy Democrat in the East who favors
the free coinage of silver, and they thins
that by his nomination they will be able
to draw Eastern voters. Possibly he may,
but Ido not ink he will.
"In my opinion the nomination of
Sewall will be more than likely to break
up the organization of the Democratic
party in Maine. This will be the inevita
ble result, unless the Democratic State
campaign in Maine is conducted entirely
independent of the National campaign."
. . ■ ■- m
FILLING THE VACANCIES.
New Members Appointed on the
Republican National Execu
tive Committee.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 15.— The Re
publican National Executive Committee
was in session to-day for several hours.
Shortly before 4 o'clock the committee ad
journed until to-morrow. Senator Quay
left at once for home.
Mr. Hanna announced to the newspaper
men that Myron M. Parker had been se
lected as a member of the National Com
mittee for the District of Columbia and C.
S. Johnson member for Alaska. The Colo
rado vacancy was not tilled. Mr. Hanna
further announced that it had been de
cided to open campaign headquarters both
in New York and Chicago.
"Who will be in cuarge?" was asked.
"The chairman of the Republican Na
tional Committee," be answered. "He
will be in the saddle, so to speak, and be
found at both places. They will be of
equal power, importance and scope."
Beyond this the chairman declined to
talk.
REPUDIATED IN NEW YORK
The Democratic State Committee
Declares Against Platform
and Ticket.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.— At a meet
ing to-night of the executive committee of
the State Democracy, resolutions were
adopted repudiating the platform adopted
at Chicago and the ticket. A resolution
was adopted putting a third ticket in the
field.
NEW TO-DAY.
I qailbordenl
I EAGLE Brand!
I ..CONDENSED MILK- " f
I Has No Equal § .
g SOLD EVERYWHERE f|
iliilfiSiill
Will Standjhery Test.
Manufactured by a concern
of over 30 years' standing and
6 years of bicycle manufacture.
Smartest! .:. Swiftest!
Strongest!
But you can't know all its merits
until you see it or send for •
catalogue.
BOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOI,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts.. 223 J Street,
SAN FRAN CIS CO. SACRAMENTO.
MANLY VIGOR
fcrnssSSfJVjHh /"VNCE MORE in harmony
I M/M v with the world, 2000
jjt^ ■■-completely' cured men are
. Pr^-VV singing-nappy praises for
' Ije&v /_L_ th P greatest, grand-
■ S mTPrmM3w^|SiJ cesaf cure for lex-
lUJff^SSflp ual weakness and
h "V^V^SSw •■ Io S7 i «P r known to
[ l«s^S ; sA^V medicalßcle nee.An
"^ XfJ^fr-y* trii? C X? and Proofs,
ERIE MEDICAL CO.,BUFF«LO,N.Y aIOWA REPUBLICAN
STATE CONVENTION
McKinley, Hobart and Pro
tection Heartily In
dorsed.
BIMETALLISM FAVORED.
The Platform Adopted by the
St Louis Convention
Reaffirmed.
SILVER STANDARD OPPOSED.
William P. Hepburn Said Democratic
Success Would Be a National
Calamity.
DES MOINES, lowa, July-15.— The Re
publican State Convention to-day adopted
resolutions reaffirming the St. Louis plat
form of the party, with a paragraph
pledging the lowa delegation in Congress
to faithful work in behalf of international
bimetallism and giving a hearty indorse
ment to McKinley and Hobart and the
protective-tariff system. A complete State
ticket, including Presidential electors, was
named.
Chairman McMillan of the State Central
Committee called the convention to order
at 11 o'clock and announced that on ac
count of the illness of Rolla M. Wilson of
Fairfield. who had been selected for tempo
rary chairman, Congressman William P.
Hepburn of Clarinda would preside over
the temporary organization. The selection
of Congressman Hepburn was due to a de
sire to please those rrembers of the party
who are inclined to be favorable to silver,
because of his record at St. Louis against
the adoption of an explicit declaration in
favor of the poid standard.
Some of the gold men were inclined to
object to the selection, but were appeased
by a promise that Congressman Hepburn
would indorse the St. Louis platform in
his address. This he did, following the
indorsement with a long argument in
favor of international bimetallism, which
be delared to be the Republican doctrine
and the only true bimetallism. He de
clared that the true indorsement at the
polls of the Democratic platform adopted
at Chicago would mean a calamity to the
Nation worse than the Civil War.
"I challenge," he said, "a comparison
of the Chicago platform with the Populist
platform adopted at Omaha four years
ago. There is no essential difference.
Both advocate repudiation." Ho closed
with a declaration, sustained by historical
references, that the Republican party is
t c only party which has ever done any
thing for silver.
At the close of Congressman Hepburn's
address the regular committees were
named, and the convention adjourned to
2 p. m.
Upon reconvening the committee on
credentials reported full delegations
present and no contests. The committee
on permanent organization presented the
the name of Smith McPherson of Red Oak
for permanent chairman. Both reports
were adopted. Mr. McPherson, on assura
in<r the chair, spoke briefly. He gave a
cordial indorsement to the gold standard.
At the opening of the Civil War, he said,
thousands of Democrats rallied to the
support of the Republican party in the
defense of the Union, and now the Re
publican party calls upon the loyal Demo
crats of the country to rally to the rescue
of tbe Nation's honor.
The platform as finally reported from
the committee was adopted without debate.
It indorses the St. Louis platform and
pledges the lowa delegation in Congress
to work to secure the free coinage of silver
through international agreement and at
an international ratio.
Tbe financial plank continues: "We
recognize the revolutionary character of
the platform adopted at Chicago. We
appreciate the danger of its startling doc
trines and the immeasurable disasters that
would follow their adoption by the Gov
ernment. We are opposed to a change to
a single silver standard because it will de
crease and not increase the supply of
money in the country; because instead of
restoring confidence it will destroy credits,
instead of inspiring enterprise it will
spread alarm, instead of aiding the debtor
it will involve him in bankruptcy, instead
of furnishing employment to labor it will
make more uncertain and unremunerative
that which it has, instead of benefiting the
producers it wiil injure them, and, finally,
because it would do infinite injustice and
involve our country in repudiation and
dishonor."
NO HOPE FOR
THE COLOMBIA,
f Continued from Writ Page.}
might be necessary to remove them in a
hurry, and they wanted to put them into
shape. This is altogether probable. It
will only take enough water to roll the
ship over and leave her bottom-up in the
breakers.
The steam schooners, Newsboy and
Jewel, are lying by the Colombia. The
Newsboy was busy hoisting tons of coffee
by the sack out of the Colombia's hold and
dropping it into her own. The steam
winch pot no rest Bince early in the morn
ing. Tne Jewel lies out a way, awaiting
her turn. She will tie up alongside when
the Newsboy i 3 loaded. The latter will
try and take all the coffee and the Jewel
the remainder of the cargo, which is gen
eral merchandise and baggage. Most of
the carpo will be taken out undamaged, as
ut. to this evening there was water in the
compartment forward only.
The fishermen and farmers in the vicin
ity of Pigeon Point may have had a
famine for many years, as to Central
American fruit, but they are having a
feast now. Ihe fisherman's boat in which
a Call representative was rowed out to
the wreck from Lighthouse Point this
morning was nearly half filled with Cen
tral American limes. The enterprising
Doatnaan had picked them np from the
surf and from the water near the ship.
They were a part of the Colombia's
burst cargo. Thousands of the yellow
fruit floated in the sea.
Captain Clark was rather nncommuni
cative this morning on the subject of
shipwrecks. He answered questions in
monosyllables instead of sentences. The
captain simply reiterated that he mistook
the New Years Island fog whistle for the
Pigeon Point fog whistle, and tbat is
about all there is to it, and about all he
had to say. When he heard the Pigeon
Point whistle he believed it was the toot
of another vessel and changed his course
to starboard. Five minutes later the
Colombia was crunching in among the
rocks. If the rocks had not stopped her
in another half minute she would have
bad her nose buried in the sand of the
beach.
Third Officer Thompson, who was on
watch on the bridge when the Colombia
struck, told the best story of how it hap
pened.
'We had passed New Years Island light
and thought it was Pigeon Point," he
said. "The captain was on the bridge with
me. We were listening for tbe fog signals
and did not hear any, after passing New
Years, until we were about where we
stand now. Then we beard two short
whistles, close together, and thought it
was another vessel. The captain com
manded 'Hard a-starboard !' and down
went the wheel hard a-starboard. In about
five minutes she struck. She went on
easy, but we could hfar her crunching on
the rocks. The fog was so thick it could
be scooped up with a shovel. I was on the
bridge and I couldn't see the bow of the
ship. You can almost throw a line ashore
now, but we could not see the shore. I
saw breakers and shouted 'Breakers
ahead !' but it was too late then."
"Do you think the ship can be saved?"
•'I fear not," he replied. The vessel
rocked and rolled and pounded against
the bottom while tbis conversation took
place. Third Officer Thompson had to use
his best sea legs to keep on his feet.
"Isn't there danger of her snapping a
spar?" was asked.
"That's what I'm looking out for," re
plied Ship's Surgeon Arberry.
"That Pigeon Point whistle ought to be
changed," resumed Third Officer Thomp
son. "It sounds too much like a steamer.
It was very low and the instant we heard it
we went to starboard to get out of the
way. The whistles ought to be longer or
shorter or more of them."
Captain James Marner is the keeper of
the Pigeon Point light station. He has
been there eight years. Captain Marner
is a typical lighthouse-keeper. He has
the breeze of the sea in his jovial air. In
regard to the criticism of his fog signals,
he said :
"The fog signals are fixed by the Gov
ernment. My duty is to see tbat they are
carried out and the whistles blown. I
blew my whistles from 11 :35 o'clock on
the night of the 13th to 12:25 o'clock on
the afternoon of the 14th, when the fog
lifted. I heard the ship go on the rocks.
The noise could be heard plainly up here.
I thought at first she was the Madrona,
but when the fog raised I saw a big black
ship. Mv signal is a whistle of four sec
onds' duration, an interval of seven sec
onds, another blast of four seconds and
tben an interval of forty-five seconds and
then repeat. That of the New Years j
Island light is a blast of ten seconds' dura
tion, an interval of fifty seconds and re
peat.
'Now, the captain of the Colombia has
nobody but himself to blame," continued
Captain Marner. "He has his charts, maps
and books to tell him where he is, and I
do not see how he came to^get in so clo^e.
His books would have told him which was
the Pigeon Point licht. But I cannot talk
much. Captain Clark will be examined in
the City, and I will be subpenaed."
J. C. Williamson, a merchant of Pesca
dero, says the Colombia is the fifth vessel
to go ashore in the six miles between
Pigeon Point and New Years Islaud. The
ship Sir John Franklin was the first to go
ashore. This was in 1868, and seventeen
lives were lost. A torn os tone on the island
marks the disaster. The barK Carrier was
wrecked on that treacherous shore in 1869.
She was coal-laden, and twenty-one lives
were lost. In 1857 the ship Courier was
wrecked on the point. The ship Hellespont
was wrecked in 1870, in almost the sane
spot as the Colombia.
At 10 o'clock to-night the Colombia was
lying somewhat easier. She did not pound
so hard, and that change in her condition,
if it is permanent, may prove her salva
tion in the event that there la no rough
weather. She seems to have slipped
around into an easier berth on the sand,
but she still rolls badly. This afternoon at
low tide the steam-schooners were ex
tremely cautious in approaching her and
lying alongside. The swell was heavier,
and the waterlogged Colombia reeled fear
fully. The Newsboy anchored as far away
as she could without interrupting the work
of lightening. Her sides were protected
by bales of hay to prevent the Colombia
from crushing' them in. Frequently the
steamship on her backward reel would
strike the schooner a hard blow, but the
hay prevented damage, though the con
cussion several times knocked the men off
their feet.
The work of lightening continued to
night, small boats carrying the cargo from
tbe ship to the schooners which were
anchored a considerable distance away.
About ail the coffee is unloaded, but there i
are tons and tons of j>ew York merchan- !
disc yet to come out. Underwriters'
Agent Metcalfe says that further salvage
of the cargo will necessitate the use of
two scow schooners, and he will send to
San Francisco for them. The plan and
the hope of the underwriters and of Cap
tain Clark is to take out ail of the cargo as
steedilv as possible, then pull tbe Colom
bia off the rocks and tow her to San Fran
cisco. This is considered possible if she
is not stove in more and water does not
get in any compartment other than the
one forward.
The Coiombia to-night lay in the inky
blackness of the little bay, a spectacle of
light Her donkey-engine was running,
and the electric light plant was in lull
blast. The liguts twinkled in trie dark
ness as she rolled first over toward the
land and tben back toward the open sea.
Hundreds of feet above the lighthouse
stood, flashing a warning of the Colom
bia's fate to the other vessels, which could
be seen with their red, green and white
lights, passing safely by on the sea's high
way.
WILL BE DISMANTLED.
An- Attempt to Bare the Steamer's En
gine* Will . Be Made.
The BprecKels tug Reliance returned
from the Colombia wreck yesterday after
noon, with Superintending Engineer
Hawxhurst of the Mail Company and the
stewardess of the steamer aboard. When
they left the vessel was , pounding and
every fall knocked a hole in the hull. ■.:
"There is no hope of saving the vessel,"
said Captain- John - Bilovich of the Reli
ance. "She is hard and fast forward, and
the tide rises and falls, in her hold just the
same as it does on the coast. , All the cargo
is dropping out of her. bottom and tne sea
is strewn with broken. cases,' limes, coffee
and other material that will float. <
\ "Captain Clark ■:, was evidently making
time, as the Colombia must: have been
going about : thirteen or fourteen knots an
hour when . she struck. : Her forward part
has been 1 ripped away, and I'll guarantee
there ■is • a hole *■ in • her ; bow into which I
could • put : the : Reliance, smokestack i and
all. Apart from this she is strained all
over, and the water is rising two or three
inches an v hour in every compartment.
When she falls with the tide and strikes
the rocks the hull quivers from stem to
stern, and .the \ crew lives in hourly ex
pectation of the steamer going to pieces. .
"If the worst conies to the .worst the
steamer will be dismantled and an attempt
tsanmMHMHMMHaimHMMBIHi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
made to save her engines. About half a
mile away the tug Vigilant lies at anchor
and is ready at a moment's notice to go to
the assistance of the stranded vessel.
Should a blow spring up, the Vigilant will
be there to take off the crew.
"How did the Colombia come to go
ashore? Well, as near as I can get at it,
it was this way: When they picked up
New Years Island, Captain Clark thougnt
he was opposite Pigeon Point and shaped
his course northwest by north. A few
minutes later he heard another whistJe
and thinking it was an ocean steamer
bound southward altered his course half a
point and was brought up standing about
a mile below Pigeon Point.
"Had Captain Clark's calculations, been
correct he would have been away clear of
Pigeon Point, and even with his deviation
of half a point would have cleared the
whistling buoy without any trouble.
Great credit should be given the Fort
Point life-saving station. As' soon as the
captain heard there was danger he got his
apparatus together ana launched the boat.
When the Vigilant passed they were ready
and at once got a line aboard." They were
towed to Pigeon Point, and when we left
they were lying alongside the water-logged
hull r*ady to render assistance at a mo
ment's notice."
When the Colombia struck on the rocks
at Pigeon Point she was nearly two days
ahead of time. Tbis was not the captain's
fault, however, as ne was simp'y obeying
instructions in attempting to make up
time lost between New York and Panama
via Colon. The steamer Finance from
New York arrived at Colon two days be
fore the Colombia arrived at Panama. In
consequence tbe cabin passengers had to
put up at hotels, and many of the steerage
passengers who were out of funds had to
walk the streets until the Colombia put in
an appearance.
The following is a list of the cargo on
board the wrecked steamer:
67 cs 40 bales sheeting, 31 cs flat paper, 10
bags lentils, 137 pkgs locks, ;2 cs whips, 2 bxs
iced penoiis, 22 cs hinges, 20 cs screws, 41 bdls
steel, 67 pkgs castings.lOcs tablets, 110 cs min
eral water, 21 cs b books, 71 pkgs toys, 3 pkgs
metal, 27 pkgs ink and mucilage, 4 cs brass
tubes, 189 pkgs paper, 2 bdls cordage, 64 pkgs
shirting, 154 bxs nails, 4 cs umbrellas, 7 crates
stoves,! cs buttons, 16 cs band iron, lies tacks,
4cs cardboard, 1 bol pitch, 17 jigs earthen
ware. 82 cs mushrooms, 10 cs sardines, 5 cs
fisti, 225 cs oil, 10 cs wood toothpicks, 2- cs
buckles, 11 cs bolts, 5 crates shade rollers, 319
bbls and 7 hf bbls luboil, 53 pkgs mucilage and
paste, 4 bxs baby carriages, 11 bxs battery
zincs, 2 cs sledges, 10 bxs b d hangers. 50 bales
oakum, 112 pkgs merchandise, 4 bxd pianos,
4 bxs stoneware, 2 cs files, 1 cs soap, 1060 pkgs
stamped ware, 1171 pkgs wire, 4 cs 5 bbls 9
pkgs 4 Ddls licorice, 17 cs dolls, 2 rolls
jute matting, 4 cs tinware, 11 bdls
packing, 200 Cs soap, 162 pkgs provi
sions, 1 bag beans, 63" dry hides 2 cs leathr
goo<l6, 1 bbi witch hazel, 3 pkgs glus.-> jar.-, '2 CM
hosiery, 18 pkgs hardware, 85 pkgs sewing
machines, 2 bxs marble, 17 cs solder, 8 pkgs
handles, 40 bills rims, 5 cs tinfoil. 11 cs 2b
bales demins, 627 kegs 29 csks white lead, 10
bales blankets, 14 bxs scales, 9 cs knit goods,
6 bbls crucibles, 3 cs lead pencils, 5 bales
pres.-ed moss, 4 bales drugs, 15 bbls saltpeter,
3 cs shirts, 8 bxs rubber goods, 2 pkgs grease,
3 coils band iron, 16 pkgs machinery, 18 bdls,
8 anchors, 6 wheels, 20 cs 1 bale unbleached
cotton, 2 cs blueing, 245 cs nuts and washers,
3 bxs rivets, 5 cs snooks. 69 cs axes, 6 bxs vio
lin*, 1 bbl vinegar, 56 pkgs chain, 130 G I
boilers. 19 pkgs snuff, 5 bbis liquor, 4 cs gran
ite, 9 cs blacking, 57 bbls oil, 6 cs wringers, 1
cs I rolls, 1 cs musical instruments, 50 pkgs
paint, 420 plates iron, 2cs glassware, 3 bbls
pumice stone, 5 bales drills, 11 pkgs electric
supplies, 21 cs coffee-mills, 19 pkgs Miuff, 12
pkgs W shades, 1150 bgs Coffee, 2 pkgs gold
dust, 11 bxs soles, 686 bxs limes, 9 ca man
goes.
The consignees are:
A Vignier; Benj Curtaz & Son; Cunning
ham, Curtiss & Welch; Gaskell <fc Regan;
H Bohls & Co; Le Count Bros; M Krank
nn it Bros; Mack <fc Co: Payot, Upham <fc
Co; Stevenson Jc Co; Weister & Co; W G Rich
ardson; Seattle Hardware Co; H Davison &
Son; M Phillip & Co; Federico Meeks; Otis,
McAllister & Co; LF Lastreto; USstmr Alert;
W Loaiza & Co; AC Baldemaur <fc Co; Baker &
Hamilton; C B Kaufman; Cleveland Paint
and Oil Co; ECDailey; Geo H Tay <fc Co; H
Bradley; J S Cohen; Miller, Slogs & Scott;
Mienalitschke Bros & Co; Pac Press Pub Co;
Rear Admiral YVm A Kiritland; sadler & Co;
W W Montague & Co: The Calvert Company:
Dr. James C. Greatres & sjon ; James de rn-ra
ery: Baruch & Co.; Aparicio & Co.; J. O. M>y
erink; I'rrueU, Lrioste <& Co.; Thannhuuser <fc
Co.; Sperry Flour Co.; Juan Urrucla; L. G.
Sresovich & Co. ; . Goldirei- Bros.; Schwartz
Bros. & Co.; Castle Bros.; Maniner, Kiitli- .t
Co.; Valentine Goldsmith; Woodward, Clark
<& Co.; Union Fish Co. ; The George Lawrence
Co.; Sherman, Ciay <fc Co. ; Rediugton <S: Co. ;
Painter, Cornell & Co.; Levi Strauss & Co.; J.
M. Kleiu Electric Works; H. 8. Crocker <t Co.;
Hart a- Co.; Hawley Bros. Hardware Co; Day
ton Hardware Co.; Bouestell & Co.; Armes A
Daiiam: Blake, Moffitt <fc Towne; California
Notion and Toy Co.; C. F. Marwedel;
E. A. Balden; H. Pfeunneger & Co.:
Holbrook, Merrill <fc Stetson; John Boyd & Co;
Lowenberg <fc Co; New Home Sewing Machine
Company; P F Collins; Stewart, Thompson
<tCo; Tacoma Leather and Belling Company;
Vermont Marble Company ; W T Garrett <fc Co;
l'ascal Dubedat; J Pinet &. Co; E L G Steeie <fc
Co; Cabrera. Roma <fc Co; Garcia & Maggiui ;
Castle Bros; Stockton Milling Company; B J
Robinson <&;Co; Hulsc, Bradford & Co; Her
man Cohen; J G Allen; Lewi?, Myemein <Sl
Co; Patrick Mastick&Co; S B Leavitt <fc Co;
Thomas Day & Co: W H Stanley; Wilcox A
Gibbs Sewing Machine Company; Corbett,
Failing <fe RoberUon; Bat ley Bros; Wieland
Bros; llymaa Bros; John T Wright; Sutler &
Co; J Ivancovich & Co; Chinese Merchants;
order.
PRAISE CAPTAIN CLARK.
Passenger* of the Colombia Exonerate It*
Matter.
The following statement, signed by pas
sengers of the Colombia, evidences that
the consensus of their opinion is that Cap
tain Clark was not to blame for the dis
aster. Two of the cabin passengers refused
to attach their signatures:
ON BOARD STEAMSHIP COLOMBIA, July
15, 1896 —We, the undersigned passengers of
the steamship Colombia, who sailed from
Panama on June 25, 1896, do certify that, to
our best knowledge and judgment. Captain
William A. Claik has laithtully fulfilled his
official duties, and, from our own observation?
has taken every precaution for the safety of
the ship and the passengers thereof, for which
we are most thankful. We sincerely re
gret the accident that occurred prfor to
arriving to our destination, and gladly accept
this opportunity to express our th» nks to Cap
tain William A. Clark in acknowlengment of
the faithful manner in which he discharged
his duties as captain on this trip, and further
certify to his being extremely temperate.
Those who signed the statement were:
Robert Cabrera, Joseph M. O'Brien, Mrs.
Joseph M. O'Brien, C. B. Lastreto, H. B.
Ross, Charles Panto, Fred E. Kley, R. a!
Leader, Daniel Norton, Charles Abraham
and Mace Taber of San Francisco; Paul
W. Drenside and Mrs. Paul W. Drenside
of San Jose Costa Rica; I. G. Strangher,
Harriett T. Preston and C. Roethberger of
Los Angeles; Louis Lazo and wife. Alfred
Kauss, R. Finzulo, Augustin Rodezno,
Fred S. Houghton, M. Fernan, Var Padilla,
Jose Fernandez Padiila, Carmen Robezno,
C. de Derenad, Dolores de Francis, Lnzo
<ip Midenic, Juana Argueta, J. H. Raney,
William Smith and Clixerio Meza of
Guatemala; Mrs. Frank E. Sargent and
F. E. Sargent of Boston; E. Meyer of
Paris.
EXAMINED BY A DIVER.
The Latest New* From the Wrecked Mail
/steamer Colombia.
At 2 o'clock this morning the tug Vigil
ant returned from the wrecked steamer and
the captain reported that to ail appear
ances the vessel is doomed, slowly rocking
to pieces in the ground swell.
The diver went on board the Colombia
and made an external examination of the
vessel, but no attempt was made to go
below the surface of the water.
He expressed no opinion upon the feas
ability of atlemDting to get the steamer off
tbe rocks.
That there is but little hope of saving
«he big vessel is apparent by the return of
th.* Vigilant.
Wh*n the tug left the wreck the crew
was still on board.
Tramp* Invade a Woodland Ranch.
WOODLAND, Cal., July 15.-A desper
ate fight occurred on the Coil ranch, near
this city, to-day between H. E. Coil and
several hired men against a Rang of va
erantß. Early this morning the tramps
called at tbe house and requested thai the
cook prepare a breakfast for them. On
being refused, they said they would take
tneiood by force. The cook called Mr.
CoiJ, and he and the hired men gave the
hobos a . sound thrashing. One of them
was baaiy beaten.
TROOPS ARE OUT
AT CLEVELAND,
Police Utterly Incapable of
Restraining the
Strikers.
GUARD NON-UNION MEN
Repeated Charges With Fixed
Bayonets Necessary to
Protect Them.
STREETS BLOCKED WITH MEN.
Home of a Non-Union Man Riddled
With Stones— Bloodshed Is
Threatened.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Juiy 15.— T0-night
two companies of the Fifth Regiment are
camped inside the bridge workshop of the
Brown Hoisting Company and will remain
there indefinitely. The police have
proved utterly incapable of restraining the
mob of striKers and to-night when tne few
men at work were marched out a crowd of
15,000 men was assembled in the streets
about tbe works, and way for the wagons
containing the men and police escort
could only be made by the troops charging
the crowd with fixed bayonets. There was
hooting and threats of vengeanace.
To-night the home of one of the non
union men was completely riddled with
stones. It is feared that to-morrow will
witness more of the guerrilla tactics iv
beating the "scabs" as they go to work.
The Brown Company refuses absolutely
to arbitrate.
The strikers, on learning last night that
the company was recruiting its non-union
forces in Canada ana Cincinnati, organ
ized committees of ten and twenty men
each. They were given a section of terri
tory to patrol and look for non-union
men. The committees were on duty early
this morning. As the non-union men
traversed the streets in the neighborhood
of the works they were attacked and
beaten with clubs and other weapons.
Many hundred men climbed on the street
cars, the speed of which, when increased,
threw men violently to the pavements.
Several were injured. Tne rioters paraded
the streets wilhin two blocks of the
vicinity of the works. The police were
utterly unable to cope with the strikers
in this guerrilla fighting and so Mayor
McKisson ordered a company of militia to
the scene of the rioting.
BERING SEA ADJUSTERS,
Great Britain and Uncle Sam
Trying to Settle Their
Differences.
Each Nation Selects a Commissioner,
Who May Appoint a Third, if
Necessary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 15.— A
further step was taken by Great Britain
and the United States several days ago in
the matter of a consideration of the
British claims against this country for
seizures in previous years in Bering Sea.
The announcement was first made in the
United Press dispatches that a treaty pro
viding for the appointment of a joint
commission of two to adjust these claims
was then in process of construction be
tween Secretary Olney and her Majesty's
Embassador, Sir Julian Pauncefote.
This treaty was subsequently ratified by
the Senate. It provides, in addition to
one representative on the part of each
government, for a third commissioner in
the event that the original commissioners
fail to agree. The British Government
nas selected George E. King, one of the
Justices of the Supreme Court of Canada,
while the United States commissioner is
Judge William L. Putnam of the First
United States Judicial Circuit. The com
missioners will meet at Victoria, B. C,
which was selected because of its prox
imity to the scene of the seizures, but
probably not until next autumn.
INCREASING SILVER COINAGE.
Condition of the Treasury Makes Such a
Course Mecessary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 15.— Owing
to the fact that the amount of silver dol
lars in the treasury available for the re
demption of treasury notes has been re
duced to $10,569,852, and will be further
reduced by redemption during the current
month, the coinage of silver dollars at the
mints will be increased from $1,500,000 to
$3,000,000 the Ist of August, and will
probably be continued at that rate in
order that the treasury may have suffi
cient stock to redeem treasury notes. The
amount of treasury notes redeemed in sil
ver dollars and canceled from November
1, 1893, to July 1, 1896. was $28,402,258.
«
Gold Withdrawals Continue.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 15.— Gold
withdrawals to-day amounted to $1,184,
-900, leaving the reserve at the close of
business at $97,355,278. Of the with
drawals to-day $900,000 was in coin for ex
port.
MURDER BE ARSON.
Aaolph Hertchkoph la Sentenced to Life
Imprisonment.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.-The trial
of Adolph Herschkoph, charged with
murder by means of arson, ended in the
criminal branca of the Supreme Court this
afternoon, tbe jury renderine a verdict 6f
guilty of murder in the second degree.
Herschkoph was accused of engineering
an alleged gang of firebugs that built
numbers of fires in this city and Brooklyn
in order to collect the insurance money.
One of these incendiary fires occured early
on the morning of May 13, 1894. Lizzie
Jaeger, a four-year-old child, was so nor
ribly burned that she died in a short time.
Justice Fursman later sentenced Hersch
koph to imprisonment for life.
Cable Line to Hayti.
ALBANY, N. V., July 15.— The United
Btates and Hayti Telegraph and Cable
Company was incorporated to-day with a
capital of $1,300,000. The directors in
clude John W. Mackay and other officials
of the Postal Telegraph and Cable Com
pany.
fatal ColHaion on the Burlington.
QUINCY, 111., July 15.— A collision oc
curred on the Burlington road this morn
ing at Sand Cut, near here, between a
switch engine and a freight train. Both
engines were demolished. Engineer Ham
mer and Fireman Athey of the freight
train were killed. Fireman Suiith of the
switch engine was fatally ani Engineer
Van Stein betg seriously injured. Half a
dozen passengers in the waycar of the
freight were badly shaken up, but none
seriously injured. The collision was the
result of a misunderstand :n% of orders.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS.
Remits at the Latonia, Aqueduct and
St. Loui* Tracks.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 15.— Latonla re
sults:
Six furlongs, Amy T won, Chagrin second,
Good Advice third. Time, 1 :20.
Five furlongs. Captain Piersai won, Will
Wallace second. Hats Off third. Time. 1 :06.
One mile, Balkline won, Reimy second,
Major Tom third. Time, 1 :48%.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Conny Lee won,
Queen of Liars second, Ilia third. Time
l:01»4. '
One mile and twenty yards, Ainiee won, St.
Helena second, Martin third. Time, I:so}^.
Nine-sixteenths of a mile, Alice C won,
Thorn Blossom second, Adalaide third. Time,
:59W.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.-Aqueduct re
sults:
Six furlongs, Halfling won, Sirocco second,
Illusion third. Time, 1:16';:.
One mile, Inquierendo won. Pearl Song sec
ond, Royal H third. Time, 1:43?5.
Five furlongs, Successful won, Florian sec
ond, Set Fast third. Time, 1 :03.
Mile and a sixteenth, Ajax won, Captain T
Becond, Kallarhoe third. Time. 1:50%.
Five furlongs. Slowpoke won, Sir Moltke sec
ond. Our Johnny third. Time, 1:03.
One mile. The Druid won, Nick Johnson sec
ond, Bercen third. Time, I:4s Vfc.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 15.— T0-day's results:
Five furlongs, Gold Top won, Zaraida sec
ond, Rosny third. Time, l:03?£.
Thineen-sixteenUis ot a mile, Ozark Jr. won,
Dick Deneath second. Bravo third. Time,
1 :23J4.
Six furlongd, Pelleas won, Harry McCouch
second, St. Pancras third. Time, 1 :15%.
One mile, Bridgeton won, Dave Zac second,
Our Maegie third. Time, l:4:i',.
One anil a sixteenth miles, Biug Binder won,
Schiller second. Linda third. Time, I:47J^.
Five furlongs, Gladys II won, Forsyrne sec
ond. Lady Hamilton third. Time, 1:02%.
SAGINAW, Mich., July 17.— At the second
day of the Grand Circuit races the weatner was
bad, a strong wind sweeping up the Btretch.
Favorites won in each of the events. Sum
marie*:
Board of Trade stakes. $1000, 2:40 class,
trotting. Newburger won, Enimn Offert second,
Harry II third. Best time, 2:16.
2:20 class, pacing: purse $600, Red Oak won,
Nellie X second, King Egbart third. Best
time, 2:15.
2:10 class, pacing, purse s6oo, Lottie Loraine
won, Choral second, Lucy Ban third. Best
time, 2:10%.
SPLENDID BALL GAME.
Boston Defeat* Pitts burg by a Score of
lxtJo to One.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July 15.— Boston defeated
Pittsburg to-day In one of the best played
games of the year. Pittsburg both outbatted
and outfielded Boston, and at one time had
the bases full on good clean hitting, but failed
to score. Score :
Pittsburgs, 1, 12, 0; Bo.'tons, 2,7,2. Bat
teries—Hawley and Merritt; Nichols and Ber
gen. Umpire, Betts.
CLEVELAND, OHIO, July 15.— Cleveland
tailed to hit Meekin to-day with any degree of
regularity, and New York won. Score:
Clevelands, 4, 9, 2; New Yorks, G, 11, 0. Bat
teries—Wilson and Zimmer; Meekin and Far
rell. Umpire. Hurst.
CHICAGO, 111., July 15.— Inability to hit
Friend at the right time, coupled with poor
support to the two pitchers at critical
stages, tells the story of Philidelphia's defeat
in the closing game to-day. Score:
Chicagos, 10, 17, 3; Philadelphia-^, 6, 9, 2.
Batteries— Friend and Donahue; Garvin and
Clements. Umpire, Emslie.
CANADIAN YACHT WINS.
Seawanhaka- Corinthian Cup Captured
by the Glencairn.
OYSTER BAY, L. 1., July 15.— The Ca
nadian yacht Glencairn to-day won the
third of the international races, beating
El Heirieby three-quarters of a mile. The
Glencairn thus wins three straight races
out of five and the SeawanhaKa-Corinthian
cup for boats under the 25-foot limit
noes to the Koyal St. Lawrence Yacht
Club. The former club, however, has just
sent another challenge to the Royal St.
Lawrence Yacht Club, the size of the boat
and other conditions to be decided upon
later.
Gaudaur and Stnnbury to Meet.
TORONTO. Ontario, July 15.— Jake
Gauuaur, the oarsman, yesterday received
a cablegram which stated that Stanbury
would meet Gaudaur on the Thames course
early in September for from $2500 to $5000
a side and the championship. Gaudaur,
having promised to row at Vancouver, at
once wired back, asking if there was any
chance of the Australian entering the re
gatta there. Should the answer be in the
negative Gaudaur wili go to England to
meet Stanbury.
f>eath of a Famous Racehorse.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.-A tele
gram received to-day from Lexington,
Ky., announced the death of August Bei
mor.t's stallion, Rayon dOr, at the
Nursery stud, near that city, last night. A
complication of diseases, coupled with old
age, were the reasons assigned for the
death of this famous old racehorse and
sire.
Eddie Bald Beats Tom Cooper.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., July 15.— The
State meeting of the L. A. W. opened here
to-day with a good attendance. The fea
ture was the half-mile open professional,
in which Tom Cooper and Ed Bald again
taced the tape for the third time in two
days. Bald won, Otto Zeigler of Califor
nia second. Con Baker of Columbus third.
Time, 1:00 3-5.
John* on Breaks a Record.
LONDON, E.ng., July 15.— At the Cat
ford track to-day John S. Johnson, the
American bicyclist, made a quarter of a
mile from a standing start in 28 1-5 sec
onds, beating th • record.
BRITISH STEAMER WRECKED.
Ihe CurfeM) and All Hand* Lost in the
Red sea.
LONDON, E>G., July 15.— A dispatch to
Lloyds says the British steamer Curfew,
Captain Learmouth, bound from Akita
for Nantes, has been wrecked in the Red
Sea and all hands on board lost.
DEATH OF A CARDINAL.
Dean of the Sacred College Pastes Jiuiay
at home.
ROME, Italy. July 15.— Cardinal Ra
phael Monaco La Valletta, the senior
Cardinal Bishop of the Roman Catholic
hierarchy, died at Castellamare last even
ing. He was born at Aquila February 23,
1827, and created ■ a Cardinal March 13,
1868. Cardinal Monaco La Valetta was
the dean of the Sacred College.
Tanderbilt Resting Easily.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.— At mid
night an attendant at the Vanderbilt
house said that Mr. Vanderbilt was rest
ing easily and that Dr. Jane Way, who
was with him, bad instructed him to say
to all callers that Mr. Vanderbilt's condi
tion was satisfactory in every respect.
Artillerymen at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 15.— Batteries
D and F, Light Battalion, Fifth Infantry,
U. S. A., arrived this morning from Mon
terey and are in camp at Garfield Park,
where :hey will remain fora week or ten
days. There are 150 men, in command of
Major McCrea and Major Green. They
are on their return to tbe Presidio at San
Pan Francisco from tne Monterey celebra
tion, in which they participated. During
the stay the battalion will engage in target
practice.
Murdered at Comer.
SEATTLE. Wash., July 15.— Mary Mc-
Cready, a handsome young widow, resid
ing at Comer, was murdered some days
aeo and her body thrown in Green River.
The body was to-day recovered. Suspicion
points to the woman's lover, who has dis
appeared.
LOS ANGELES
POKER SHARPS,
Lawyer Dole Claims His
Winnings Landed Him
in Prison
PLAYED WITH A FORGER
Given a Raised Check When He
Settled With the Man
Who Lost.
DEPOSITED IT IN A BANK.
Arrested in San Francisco and Ac
cused of Altering the
Draft.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 15.— One of
the most hotly contested cases ever before
the courts here is under way at this time.
The prosecution is trying hard to convict
Attorney E. J. Dole of raising a check on
a fianta Ana bank from $2 50 to $850. Dole
was recently arrested in San Francisco and
brought here for trial.
Dole was on the stand in his own behalf
this afternoon. When shown the raised
check he admitted that be had bees the
owner of it at one time. On the morning
of the 11th of February, Dole said, he came
to Los Angeles from Riverside. While
never having been a professional gambler,
he had occasionally indulged in card
games.
On February 20 he went to Black's pool
room and had a conversation with a man
named King, who introduced him to an
other named Adams. Dole consented to
co to a room in the Vickery block, where
they engaged in a game of poker. Dole
won $750 and was paid with a certified
check which Adams had drawn from his
pocket. This check is the one which had
been raised from $2 50 to $850. King had
a $50 interest in tbe check, and there was a'
small amount coming to Adams. These
amounts, Dole says, be paid in cash, and
after leaving he deposited the check at the
State Loan and Trust Company to his
credit. He had not the least idea that the
paper was altered. On the following day
he left for San Francisco, where he was
later taken into custody.
The Arroyo Seco Spanned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 15.— The
great steel-girder bridge of the Santa Fe
Railroad across the Arroyo Seco, between
this city and Pasadena, has been com
pleted. It is 750 feet in length and cost
$45,000. It is the intention of the com
pany to construct eight more steel bridges
on the system by the first of next year.
FRESNO'S GATES OPENED,
Supervisors Grant a Franchise
to the Valley Railroad
Company.
The Line Alon? Q Street to Consist
of But a Single
Track
FRESNO, Cal., July 15.— The Board of
Supervisors to-day granted a franchise to
the San Francisco and San Joaquin Rail
way Company to run a railway track over
the public highways in the, county on
which the route has been surveyed. The
franchise is to extend for fifty years. The
road strikes the first public highway and
Blackstone avenue in Belmont Addition
north of the city. The route then extends
along Diana street to the limits of the city,
where it runs in upon Q street. The rail
road company wanted a franchise for two
tracks along Diana, but property-owners
on that Btreet objected and a majority of
the Supervisors recognized their claims.
The franchise was allowed for one track
only. Diana street is several blocks in
length, and where It reaches the city it is
some distance from the depot site for
the road.
The privilege of running the road out
East avenue and south per the survey of
the Hanford route was also granted.
There was no objection to the granting of
the franchise except that of the Diana
street property-owners. Among the reser
vations made by tbe board is that the
iailroad company shall construct such
suitable crossings for wagons at such
places as the Supervisors shall select.
The ordinance is to take effect on August 3.
The case of the Q-atreet property-owners,
who have prepared to tight the railroad
company in the courts for damages which
they allege will be done to their proper
ties by the passing of the road, is at a
standstill. No step is being taken at pres
ent by either side to settle the difficulty.
DOT TOP AGAIN ARRESTED.
Taken to San Francisco to Answer to •
Chmrge of Robbery.
FRESNO, Cal., July 15.— Among the
passengers on tht northbound train who
left Fresno last Saturday morning was J.
E. Bagsdale, the night watchman in China
town, and a deputy constable. Accom
panying Ragsdale was a Chinese girl
named Doy Toy, whom he had arrested
on a warrant from San Francisco charging
her with robbery.
Deputy Constable Ragsdale had an ex
citine time in effecting the arrest. He was
assisted by a brother deputy named John
Dumas. Ragsdale received a warrant for
Toy's arrest early on Friday. He knew
that her friends in Fresno would assist her
if they coula, for th»»re is a fight between
them and San Francisco Mongols for the
possession of the maid.
The two deputies waited on Saturday
morning until fifteen minutes before the
time for the arrival of the northbound
train, which is due at 3 o'clock. The
officers then made a descent upon the
house in Chinatown where Toy was stop
pine. Ragsdale bad learned the location
of the girl's apartment.
He and Dumas rushed into the house
and ran to the woman's room, intending
to take her by surprise; but Toy heard
them coming and sprang from bed and
ran up into an attic of the house. Rags
dale saw her and followed. He found her
crouching in a dark corner of the attic,
trembling with fear. They hurried her to
the train and Ragsdale took her to San
Francisco.
The friends of Toy in this city are loud
in denunciation of the officers' conduct.
They say that the warrant sent here was
not sufficient and was sworn ont in San
Francisco by Toy's husband, who several
months ago sold her tor $2000. The
charge, they say, was trumped up for the
purpose of catching her. Twice she has
run away from her husband and come to
this city, only to be recaptured.
■» —
FIGHT I NG FOR WATER RIGHTS.
Rival hleetrie Companies at Xresno Loch
Horn*.
FRESNO, Cal., July 15.— The electric
company which recently brought electric
power and light to this city from the
North Fork of the San Joaquin River, at
a point thirty-five miles east of here, will
probably have to fight in the courts for
the possession of the water in the river
which supplies power to tne plant. Since
the introduction of the scheme the elec
tric company has had the enmity of the
old gas company, which has also been op
erating an electric plant in this city.
Now the gas company has purchased
claims of water from the North Fork
above the point where the electric com
pany diverts its supply from the s'ream.
Superintendent Decker of the pas com
pany left this morning with a force of
men to dig a ditch to divert the water on
the company's claim. Superintendent
Seymour of the electric company left at
the same time for the mountains, intend
ing to stop Mr. Decker from proceeding
with his work. It appears that the gaa
company purchased a piece of land to get
the water claim. Should it divert the
water the wheels of the new company's
plant would be idle.
RAISIN-SEEDING PLANT.
A New York Man* Invention to Be Put
to Practical V*e.
FRESNO, Cal., July 15.— Work on an
extensive raisin-seeding plant is to be com
menced in this city in a few days, and it
promises to be an important factor for the
welfare of the industry. Colonel William
Forsyth, a prominent raisin-grower and
packer, will supply capital amounting to
$10,000 for a half interest, and the inventor
of a seedinK machine. George Pettit Jr. of
New York, will own the other half interest.
The plant will be located on the railroad
reservation, and will be a three-story frame
structure. It wili have a seeding capacity
of two carloads a day. Pettit has been
operating a seeding factory in New York
with success. He claims to possess the
only practical invention. The seeding of
raisins at nominal cost will undoubtedly
increase the popularity of the product and
increase tne consumption.
A TRAGEDY AT SPOKANE,
Grace' Wilton, a Variety Actress,
Ends Her Life With
Poison.
Known to the San Francisco Talent
as a Living-Picture
Model.
SPOKANE, Wash., July 15.— Grace Wil
ton, a variety actress at the Comique, com
mitted suicide this morning by taking
carbolic acid. She was found by a porter
of Hotel Pedicord, where she was stop
pin?. She had been in this city but a
couple of weeks, coming here from San
Francisco with several others to open the
Comique.
la her room a letter was found, which
shows that a sister wrote for money for
the support of her two little girls, and it
was evident she could not send the money.
While she took the name of Grace Wilton
here, it is learned her father is Maurice
Bernstein, a furniture dealer of San Fran
cisco. The woman's two little girls are
stopping at tbe Brunswick Hotel in San
Francisco.
Grace Wilton was well known in
theatrical circles in San Francisco,
although she played only unimportant
parts at the theaters, and was never em
ployed at the first-class houses except as
an exira girl. She had a beautiful form,
and this fact made Her in great demand
during the living-picture craze. She had
since thken part in such performances in
low-class houses. During the last year
she posed as a model for local photog
raphers.
She waa married to "Jack" Rivers, at
one time a deputy at the City Mall. Her
father, Maurice Bernstein, resides at the
Hotel Brunswick. Mrs. Rivers' two chil
dren, atred about 10 and 6, are with him.
Bernstein was at one time proprietor of
the furniture store in the basement next to
the old St Ignatius Churcn. He failed,
and has not been prominently known as a
merchant since that time. The woman,
who was about 27 years old, has been
known in theatrical circles for many years,
but she was always considered weak
minded.
FORT BIDWELL HAILSTORM.
Fruit and Grain Crops Damaged and
' Foicls Killed.
FORT BIDWELL, Cal., July 15.— The
upper end of Surprise Valley was visited
on Sunday afternoon by a heavy thunder
shower which lasted about an hour. It was
followed by a terrific shower of hail, cov
ering the ground to a depth of two inches
for a radius of two miles around Fort Bid
well and completely demolishing gardens
and stripping trees of their fruit andneariv
all their leaves. Many windows were
broken and birds, chickens and turkeys
were killed in great numbers. People are
in the midst of haying and much hay waa
damaged by the storm and a great deal of
grain was badly lodged.
Death of a San Luis Writer.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., July 15.—
James Marian Baumgardner died here
this morning from dropsy. He had been
ill about eight months. The deceased was
49 years old and well known throughout
the State, having been employed in news
paper work in Santa Ynez and Santa
Barbara for several years. At one time he
was on the Examiner staff. His writings
were in witty style and always interesting.
HEW TO-DAT.
No-To-Bac Mends if m.
Lost Life-Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve- Power
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
tion, General Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve- Poisoning.
— — —
Tobacco-using is a reckless waste of life
force, money and manhood. .
'It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
and every tobacco-user knows it. '
- The tobacco-user's nerve* are shattered and
broken, his life is going out of him, he's losing
his grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
nerv* tonic in the world, braces his brain,
nourishes his nerves, kills nicotine, makes
manhood. Summer smoking shortens life.
If you want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
weight, vitality— , ° :
If you want all the time to look, feel and act
like a man— - ■ ' ;
s Take No-To-Bac! Get a cure or your money
back. .Over 400,000 have been cured, and
millions use No-To-Bac to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely for its wonderful powers as a
nerve tonic and stimulant. ■
If your nerve and heart action is weak, no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac
Sold : and ■ guaranteed by druggists : every-
where. Our famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Spit . and 4 Smoke • Your Life Away," written
guarantee and free sample mailed for the ask.
Ing. : Address Tde Bterlmg Remedy Co., Chi,
cage, Montreal or Now York, * ■ ' ****
34
NAPA FORMS A
McKINLEY CLUB,
Republicans Organize to
Begin an Aggressive
Campaign.
YOUNG BLOOD INFUSED.
Lawyer T. B. Hutchinson Placed
at the Head of the New
Organization.
HAS A LARGE MEMBERSHIP.
The Financial Question Discussed by
Speakers at the Opening
Meeticg.
NAPA, C 15.— Napa Republi
cans have opened the campaign for llc-
Kinley, protection and patriotism. They
formed a McKinley and Hobart club, 150
T. B. Qntchinson, President of the McKinley and Ilobart Club of Napa.
strong, last evening. T. B. Hutchinson, '
a leading young attorney, was unani- \
xnously elected its president, and with the
vigor of youth to lead the fight aggressive
work for Republicanism and its standard
bearers will be done from now until the >
straggle is decided ia November. For j
several years Mr. Hu:chinson has been
one cf the foremost yonng men of the j
party in this county and his selection is a j
wi?e one.
Q. M. Francis called last night's meet
ing to order and placed in nomination for
temporary chairman that popular Native
Son. Hon. F. L. Coombs. By aoclama
i;e was chosen to preside. H. M.
Barstow was elected temporary secretary.
The clcb then perfected a permanent or
ganization with the following officers:
T. B. Hutchirtson. president; R. Corless,
Tice-president; 1". Browniee, secretary:
J. A. Imrie, treat
The free coinage question was brought ]
cr by a member of the dab, and the pres- ■
ident called on F. L. Coombs and G. M.
Francis to speak on the subject. Mr. j
Francis, a .eading Republican of this sec
tion of the State and also a PresiUental '
elector, declared that voters generally i
reeded more knowledge concerning free ;
coinage, an issue made the most of by a ]
desperate Democracy. He said that '
through this club the Republican State ,
Central Committee would distribute the
right kind cf literature. The voice and i
fury of the "Boy Orator of the Platte"
would not be permitted to prevail against
the deliberate and sound reasoning of
sound money advocates. He said a safe
I to bimetallism was that recom
mended by Dr. Arendt, in an article re
cently published in the North American
P.eview to join Germany and France in
aecurins an international double * tandarl.
But for this country to go forward alone to
reform the monetary system of the wor:d
would certainly be a mistake. It would
take us to silver monometallism, ti:e Mex
ican basis.
The money of the wase-eamer and
debtor class would be a depreciated cur
rency, and in this Suite especially the man
owing for his farm or personal property
wouid have to pay a premium for gold in
the liquidating of his indebtedness With
this once understood the wish for inde
pendent free coinage . by silver
xnineoirners, would De checked and the
commerci- and the credit of the
country would rot be wrecked.
In Mr. Francis' opinion ;he coinage ques
tion was not the one in which the people
should be mos: concerned. California had
numberless industries to protect and that
tariff which w&s always enforced when the
Republicans were in power was what we
must return to if we were to have money
of any k;nd as the reward of honest labor.
HutnbotUi Populists Divided.
HUMBOLDT. —Leaders
of the Vopulist party in Humboidt County
met to-day ami unanimously adopted reso
lutions favoring the indorsement oi Bryan
and Sewall by the St. Louis convention.
While a majority of the party favors the
indorsement of the Democratic nominees,
there is a strong minority sentiment op
posine .t. Jeff Knight", the Populist
leader who became riotous and disturbed
Chairman Cc-onan's introductory remarks
at a recent silver ratification meeting, was
not present at to-day's conference.
Erjaieing of Auburn J>etneerati.
AUBURN. Cal., July 15.— The Demo
crats of Auburn and t cinity ratified the
nominations of Bryan and Sews.ll to-night
■with speeches and ousic and fireworks.
General Hamilton, a Presidential elector
at-iarge, was the principal speaker.
Plmeerrille M*pmhiic*m Club.
PLACER VILLE, Cal, July 15.-Placer
vule Republicans will to-morrow organize
• First-voters' Club. The membership
will be large. The county has been Demo
cratic, but Republican gains will b« large
the coming election, and may result in a
Republican majority. The central com
mittee here is energetic and jealous. Th«
formation of tne club to-morrow ia largely
due to the good work of the Daily Nugget.
A laeotna Republican Holts.
TACOMA, Wash., Jn!y 15.— Alien C.
Mason, a capitalist of this city and long
prominent in the Republican party of
this State, to-day declared his intention
to support Bryan and indorse the Chicago
silver platform. His withdrawal from the
Republican party has created a sensation.
One reason for tno deflection is that Bryan
attended his school when he was a teacher
in Illinois^*
Second IH*trict Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., July 15.— The Re
publican committee of the Second Con
gressional District met here to-day and
issued a call for a convention to be held
in Sacramento on August 12 to nominate
a candidate for Congress, a Presidential
elector and an alternate.
Red Bluff Democrats Ratify.
RED BLUFF, Cal., July 15.— Local
Democrats ratified the nominations of
Bryan and Sewall to-night. H. \V. Brown,
the veteran leader of Teharr.a County's
Democracy, presided and addresses were
Made by A. M. McCoy, M. G. Gill, H. P.
Andrews, John J. B. V. Crumriae
and others.
Flour Shipped Front Imeoma.
TACOMA, Wash., July 15.— The NortQ
ern Pacific steamship Braemer, which
sailed for China and Japan today, took
the lareest cargo of floor ever taken from
the Sound. It consists of 37.240 barrels,
iat J100.353. The Braemer also Car
rie* a record-breaking cargo of cotton
drill?, consisting of four million Yards
valued at JJOO.QOO.
SEEKS A SAN JOSE ESTATE.
A Kansas Banker Claims Mrs. Meade's
Property by Right of a Letter
Bequest \
SAN JOSE. Caw July 15.— Public Ad
ministrator Secord to-day filed a petition
in the Superior Court to have an olo
graphic will left by Dr. Euthanasia S.
Meade declared the last will of the de
ceased, and asked fo r letters of adminis
tration on the estate. Mr?. Meade died in
this city November 1, 1595, and left an
estate valued at $17,000. The will which it
is sought to. have probated was in the
form of a letter, end addressed to W. L.
Woodrow," the undertaker. It is dated
June SO. 1:94, and by it Mr?. Meade gave
all ncr property to Porter Sherman, a
banker of Kansas City, Kans. Woodrow
destroyed the letter, bat it is averred that
the letter annexed to the petition is a
true and correct copy of the will.
A petition by Dr. Meade's mother for
letters of administration on the estate is
also before the court.
Bart.- Frown txtu'.h Africa.
SAN JOSE, Cxt., July Ij^— Fred Ten
nant and Tom Bodiey, who left this city
in March for South Africa, have returned.
They went to Africa with the intention of
engaging ia business, but after visiting
Johannesburg, Kreugerdorf and looking
over the Transvaal they concluded the
chances of amassing fortunes were slim
and decided to return home. Oscar Shore,
who accompanied Tennant and Bodiey, is
still in Africa. He is foreman of a gang
of Ki£r miners near Johannesburg.
Committed to Whitiier School.
SAN JOSE, Cal, July 15.— Katie Kelley
aged 15 years, was committed to the Whit
tier Reform School to-day by Judge Rey
nolds. The girl was abandoned by her
parents when very young and for a'num
ber of years made her home with various
families. For tee last year or two sbe has
been leading a wayward life and has been
associating with d'issoiute characters, be
drinks, smokes and swears.
TBAGEDY AT PORTLAND
Benrg Cook Woundt Mr*. Rifle* and
Kills Himself.
PORTLAND. Or.. July 15.— Henry Cook,
a saloon man, shot and kiiied Mrs. A. Ri~
ley this morning at 1 o'clock ana then
killed himself. The shooting occurred in
the southern part of th« city, at Second
ana Mill streets. The two had been walk
ine in that end of the town and had evi
dently come to a serious misunderstand
ing over love affairs. Two sho^s startled
the persons living in the vicinity, who
rushed to their windows and saw a woman
running down Second street. Then two
more shots were fired in quick succession
and Cook's oody fell on the sidewalk.
Mrs. Elsley owned a lodging-house at
Seventh ana Morri«on streets and was well
known. Cook, who had been employed in
saloons for years, was about 40 years of
age. He owned a place on Second and
Ash streets. Mrs. Risley was shot m the
back of the neck, but is not fataliy injured.
Cook was killed at once.
-F«H of m Cttrrimrills Octogenarian.
OREGON CITY, Ob.. July 15.— Coroner
Godfrey held an inquest yesterday over
the body of a pioneer citiren, who fell over
an 90-foot precipice near Carrinsville and
broke his neck. Isaac Stormer, aged 80
years, was the unfortunate. He left the
residence of his daughter. Mrs. M. Kandle.
on Thursday morning to fish in the Ciack
amas. As he did not return at night, a
search was institated. forty of the citaens
of the neighborhood joining in the hunt.
The whole country was scoured for four
days, and on Monday the lifeless body
was found at the foot of the ciiff, where it
had fallen within a fe* feet of the brink
of the river.
Dr. Goodwin's Sermon.
"Hell in solution, or Sen Fraaciseo'a Liquor
Business, " will be the theme of Rev. Dr. Good
win's sermon next Sunday eight at the <-*»»
(oraia-stzcet H. E. Church. ■ ■~; ~?
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1596.
FAVORED THE
HEW CHARTER,
The Association of Improve
ment Clubs Takes
Action.
AFTER LONG DEBATING.
Opposition to the Sale of the
Geary-Street Railway
Franchise.
WILL BE FOUGHT IN COUET.
A Committee Appointed to Collect
Funds to Pay for Injunction
Proceedings.
Tne San Francisco Association of Im
provement Clubs met last night at B'nai
B'rith Hall. There was a large representa
tive attendance from all parts of the City.
George R. Fletcher of the Richmond Im
provement Club occupied the chair until
James D. Fhelan.the president, arriveJ.
Dr. Rottanzi asked if the meeting was
not a special one to consider the Geary
street franchise. Tbs chair iniormed him
tnat that was not the whole purpce of
tne session. Wnereupon Leon Samuels
presented the following report:
To the President and ilembtrg of the Associated ;
Improvement Clubs of San FrancUco: Your com- i
mittee, to whom was referred the question as to
what course should be pursued by thi« associa- ;
tion in relation to the Geary-street franchise, ,
respectfully submit the following report:
Your committee after a careful examination
of the questions involved in the grant of said
franchise is of the opinion that it is beyond
the power of the Board of supervisors to make
such grant, and that in view of the circum
stances surrounding the attempt to grant such
franchise, the same would be void lor the fol
lowing reasons: -
1. The franchise purports to run for a period
of fifty years from, the date of the issuance
thereof. As a former Board of Supervisors of
this City and County have already granted a
franchise over the same road which will not
expire until about seven years from the pres
ent time, the Board of Supervisors have no
present franchise to grant, and for that rea
son, said franchise would be void.
_. As said contemplated grant is therefore
not the grant of a present right, but the grant
of a right which necessarily takes effect in
the future, and as the same carries no present
interest whatever, the Board of Supervisors
would exceed its powers in granting it ana \
the same would therefore be of no force or
effect.
3. That the terms and conditions upon
which bids are to be made for said mat is an
evasion and violation of the spirit and intent
of the laws under which bids axe made im
perative. An examination of the proposed
bids shows clearly and beyond a doubt that it
is intended to prevent ana stifle competition
and to confine the bidding to the owners of
the preheat franchise or their representatives.
Said proposal provides that the purchaser of
the franchise must b?gnn work within one
year, aud complete the same within three
years from the date of the passage of the or
der. 2
This makes it impossible for any one but the
owners of the present franchise to fulfill the
conditions of the' bid, as such owners alone
are in possession and entitled to the possession
of said road for a period of about seven years
from date, and no one could construct any im
provements in said road, or comply with the
conditions o! said franchise without the con
sent of such owner.
•i. That the condition that no bid should be
accepted unless accompanied by the full
amount bid is an unusual, onerous and un
reasonable requirement.
Dr. Rottanzi moved that the report be
received and the subject matter discussed.
AC the consideration of tue Geary
street franchise this tuoiion was carried."
Tne secretary, lsadore Schwartz, read a
report on the abolition of the 'rattier
test" as presented by a special committee.
This report stated that tee red rock ordi
nance and rattier test created an oppres
sive monopoly and ought to be repealed.
The committee had. therefore, prepared
a petition which it held should be siened
bf at least 1000 property-owners. Tnis
petition should be presented to the Super*
visors by at least twenty earnest represen
tative citizens.
It was recommended in the report that
the rattler tart be repealed as to all streets
west of Valencia and Thirteen;.* to Market
street to Van Ness avenue, thence to B*y
street to the bay; also as to all streets
south of Army and Coiosa streets; also
as to all the rocK used in construction of
sidewalks and on the roadway of all
streets less than forty fe*t wide.
L. J. Dwyer moved that the committee
on law and legislation be given power to
receive money to be u«ed in defraying ex
penses of an injunction suit, and a. so to
act in the matter.
Leon Samuels amended, that a special
committee be appointed to collect funds
and that the law and legislation commit
tee be given power to act. The chair ap
pointed George Fletcher, Dr. Sa'fieid and
J. J. McEwen.
•The chair was added to the committee.
Discussion of the proposed charter was
then taceu ud. On motion the principal
speakers were limited to n.'teen minutes
each. J. M. Reynolds spoke against the
charter. He said that the charter now
presented was copied a most verbatim
from the charter defeated by the people of
San Francisco in In??.
It was due to his views on municipal
ownership of public utilities that he was
led to study the proposed charter. Under
the present law several cities of California
have obtained their water works or lights,
and are now securing public utilities. He
saw a defect in the new charter in the
provision that the City might own its
public utilities if cheaper than furnished
t>y corporations.
Again, the charter provides that the
votes of nine Supervisors most be bad to
get public ownership instead of eight as at
present.
He thought that the proposed charter
showed its hasty construction in giving
the Mayor almost unlimited power. The
removal of clerks by the Mayor on com
plaint tinder oath "violated civil service
iawa, and he favored civil service. Again,
the charter aid not make any City officials
elective.
F. W. Dohrmana, president of the Mer
chants' Association, said that, in its efforts
to better tne material conditions of San
Francisco, the association bad found in the
charter the desired quality. Any opposi
tion to it came from personal considera
tions, but not one single instance of oppo
sition to the charter as a whole was pre
sented
If the charter be an improvement, as a
whole, over the present law?, the Mer
chants' Association says, "Let's have it."
Mr. Reynolds, sincere as a reformer and a
citizen, was like the rank and •« file of
objectors to the charter; he objected to
on« feature— the fact that the new charter
did not provide for municipal ownership
of public utilities.
Daniel Sullivan declared that the char
ter was not framed in the interest of the
people of San Francisco, but it really was
"a gigantic measure formulated by a few
men in the interest of certain interests."
He then asked, as Mr. Dohrmann had
stated that the curse of the City govern
ment was the spoils of : office, what if the
Mayor were corrupt, what could the char
ter then do? Toe charter provided dismissal
of corrupt officials, but not for that of a
corrupt Mayor.
M. H. Hecht stated that the remarks of
the last speaker that the charter's framers
worked . in 1 the interest of anything cor
rutu, was unqualifiedly false.
■ ; He was a frame* ■of th» charter an <J
could not say what the complexion of the
framers was, but he asked ihat they be
kept out of further discussion.
A. K. Chase said he was opposed to the
charter. One of his family signed the
Declaration of Independence and they
were aii Americans. Three members of
his family were schoolteachers and the
charter provided tnat only those' educated
in the public school system of California
would be entitled to teach in the schools
of San Francisco.
Mr. liecht explained the clause regard
ins? the education of teachers in tne public
school system of California. He stated
that the board of freeholders had been
urged to incorporate the clause. In the
past School Directors had given impecun
ious relatives from ail parts of the United
States positions in the schools and the cry
went up fro;a people at home.
A man told him: ''I won't Tote for
your charter. There's one thing in it I
cant support.'
"My dear sir," replied Mr. Hecht, "I
helped to frame the charter, and there are
twenty thinzs in it that I don't like."
HeaJy delivered a heated address which
stirred the hor.se. He held that tne
trouble with the charter was it favored
corporate interests.
Judge Van Reynegom remarked that
there was considerable misunderstanding
regarding the clause referring to public
schools. This, lite the rest of the char
ter, h« said, was subject to the general
laws of the State and. consequently, it
was* very much exaggerated in importance.
Cuthbertson, the architect, spoke aeainst
the proposed charter. E. P. Van Duzer
replied, and showed that the appointive
power given the Mayor by tne new char
ter was desirable in View of present condi
tions.
Mr. Freud closed the debate in fayor of
the charter. In his speech be said:
First objection— lt is claimed that the char
ter is too ion;.
Answer— Tne charter contains 212 pages of
an ordinary phamphiet in lance type. The
consolidation act comprises 462 pages of a
ph&mphlet the same size, but much smaller
type.
second objection— It is claimed that no de
sirable charter could be framed within Uiixty
days without fatal and serious defects.
Answer— The framers of the charter were
limited to ninety days by the constitution of
the State, and out of ninety days nearly sixty
days were used in determining tie validity of
the charter convention. The thirty aays re
maining would be too short a time in which to
create a new charter. It must, however, not be
forgotten that the fnuners of this cnarter had
the benefit of the three preceding charters, as
well as drafts of two specially prepared. So
that, it is tree, the charter as now submitted is
not a new creation, but in reality a revision of
the excellent wort of these preparatory ef
fort*. This account* for the preparation of
this present charter in so brief a time without
having any serious or fatal defects, as have
been charged.
Third objection— The opponents of the char
ter claim teat it will make the Mayor a muni
cipal dictator
Answer— a careful examination of the pro
visions of the charter will clearly show that
this claim is without foundation. As soon as
the charter goes into effect the Mayor will ap
point the City Attorney, Public Administrator.
Board of Public Works, Park Commissioners,
library Trustees, Police Commissioners, Fire
Commissioners, Botrd of Health, Election
Commissioners and Civil Service Commis
sioners. All other officials ot the city will re
main elective under the constitution and gen
eral laws of the State. Until such time as the
constitution shall have been changed by the
people, all other officials will therefore be
elected by the people as heretofore, with the
exception of the Superintendent of Streets and i
Surveyor, who are abolished under the charter. j
Examining. therefore, the list of appointments i
by the Mayor, it will readily appear that the I
Mayor, under the charter, will appoint i
but two officials who are at MMM
elected by the pcoole. These two officials are
the City Attorney and the Public Adminis
trator. All the other Commissioners and Trus
tees appointed by the Mayor are now either
appointed by the Governor or hold office for
DM or are newly created. Therefore, the
people will not be deprived ot their privilege i
of electing official; as at present, except in the
case of the Cut Attorney and Public Adminis
■ trator. While the Mayor who is in office when
the charter goes into effect will appoint all
these Commissioners, subsequent Mayors will
appoint but two of them, as they go out of
office in rotation and the term of the Mayor v
limited to two years.
Fourth objection— la claimed by those who
: have superficially read Albert Shaw's works
upon "Municipal government in. Great Britain"
and on the continent of Europe that the idea
of selecting a Mayor instead of a Council at the
, bead of a city government is erroneous, and
should not be done in the cue of San Fran
! Cisco. -
Answer— Th!s conclusion is not based upon a
I thorough study of the works of Albert Shaw
I nor any other prominent writer upon munici-
I pal government. Albert Shaw himself, in the
! preface of his work upon "Municipal Govern
ment in Great Britain," page 7. says: "I have
j do intention to prescribe European remedies
! for American maladies, nor to suggest any de
j gree whatsoever of imitation. We mu*t deal
• with our own problems in cur own way.** It is
i therefore clear that Albert Shaw himself would
; not recommend the adoption of a system of
; government that our forefathers had aban
! doned.
Professor Edmund J. James of the University
I of Pennsylvania tut- the case clearly in the
| fallowing words of his excellent address upon
•The Elements of a Model Charter for Ameri
can Citi-s"':
"Ho European city of large size has anything I
like the same proofed." to solve on the politi
cal sice of its administration as our own cities ;
; and while the objects to be attained—weU
| paved streets, of good water, of good light, of
i sanitary conditions In general — are the same.
I the obstacles in the way of securing - these
things in the two contiaents are at many
points of a radically different character.' No
one could have studied the actual method of
administration of English and German cities
Srithout being struck by the fact that it is
based en government by committees, a system
i which inherited by oar American common
wealths from England broke down absolutely
and completely under the stress of modern
political developments in the United States.
The form of government under which Dublin
and London and Berlin are well administered
has proven itself an absolute failure in our
larger American cities."
Fifth objection— lt is claimed by the op
; ponents ot the charter that it i& fatally defect
; ive because it dues not provide any means by
which the Mayor and some other City officials
can get into office. . •■. .•
Answer— lt would be wholly superfluous for
I the charter to make any such provision. The
! election of these officials Is provided for under
j the constitution and general laws of the State.
The charter will not supplant the constitution
or any general laws of the State, or any special
laws that are no: inconsistent with it. As the
; charter allows these officials to be elected,
| they will continue to be elected as heretofore.
Sixth objection— The opponents of the char
ter claim that it is unconstitutional because in
some of its crovtsions it may prove to be In
consistent with the constitution and general
laws of the Bute.
Answer— No human law la perfect. If any
particular provision of the new charter shall
turn out to be unconstitutional It will be only
, following the natural course of othet organic
: laws. The constitution of the United state*
; and the constitution of California were both.
j found necessary to be changed by subsequent
i action of the people.
Seventh objection— The opponents of the
charter claim that it will b« an impediment to
municipal ownership of public utilities.
Answer — An. examination of the three pro
visions in the charter bearing upon this sub
ject clearly show teat vats is not the case.
Ample provisions are mads for acquiring pab-
Eizhth objection— Is is claimed by the op
ponents of me charter that all the desirable
features of the charter already exist in the
sututes governing this City . .
Answer— The best and quickest answer to
this question is to ask these opponents of the
charier to point out wherein the peeaent con
solidation act provides for any civil service
1 wit a its inestimable blessings? Where is there
j any provision in the present consolidation act
I for a safe and rigid system of finance and
revenue ? Where ia the consolidation act are
. these many strong and beneficial restrictions
upon public franchise* that exist in the
1 new charter ? Where in the consolidation
act are there any safe laws •• govern
ing elections aud registration of voters !
i here does the consolidation act provide for
I any. home rule or municipal sovereignty?
" nere are there any provisions In the present
consolidation act that win lead to the proper
construction ox great public works? It would
be possible in this way to ask 100 times more
lor beneficial pro visions that exist in the new
charter, and that cannot be found in the pres
ent laws governing San Francisco. *^
rWtS 03811 ? 1011 * v the opponents of the new
charter, seeing their weakness in argument,
resort to aspersions upon the character of the
men who framed the charter. Tne twelve citi
zenswno were selected without regard - to
party to frame this charter for the City of Ean
Francisco need no eutory a: my bass*. They
6 *^ to Ji s "«««• of this City and their
i™ «l?**ii ,3?* y *** ao: th *° rt of *« who
fjfjfje"*? l bT any other influences than the
82?25^*f? p Tft «*f ateion *" tueproduc
j Uon of a charter which would give Sanfrai
cisco a government suited to her exalted posl
&fLj£* ch *«« r »«•«« and the reeoroTof
*M^?t7?v° E ? (ie 8 wai P roT « vulnerable to
all at tacks of malice, ignorance and prejudice.
A motion that delegates to the charter
convention be instructed in, 'favor of the
, charter waa carried bj » tow oi i3 to 12.
EZETA SCENTS A PLOT,
The General Marvels at the Atti
tude of the Consul, Dr.
Calderon.
Jiminez Will Be Examined on the
Charge of Assault With a
Deadly Weapon.
•'The papers said a lady took me to the
City Hail," complained Don Carlos Ezeta,
yesterday. The general was in the best of
spirits, considering his recent cio9e shave,
and was sitting in his apartments at the
Marechai Niel talking over the affair with
the gentleman friend who had accom
panied him to the edifice which Castilians
euphoniously style the "Palacio Muni
cipal."
The case came up before Police Judge
Campbell yesterday mornine, ex-Judge
Sullivan representinz .Pedro Jiminez, the
general's assailant. Don Carlos was not
present. On motion of Mr. Sullivan the
preliminary examination wis postponed
until next Tuesday. Prosecuting Attor
ney Forbes moved that the minor cnarge
of carrying a concealed weapon, upon
which Jiminez was first arrested, be dis
missed, and it was so ordered. The young
man wilt now have to answer the accusa
tion of assault with a deadly weapon.
Meanwhile the affair is creating no small
stir ia Spanish- American circles. The
Marechai Niel has been beseiged by
visitors, but those seeking Jiminez were
doomed to disappointment. The young
fellow has retired from view temporarily,
and indications are that the same roof
will no longer shelter the ruler and sub
ject of other days. General Ezeta, while
by no means blind to the humorous side
of the aiiair, is convinced that it. has its
serious aspect.
"Of course," he observed in commenting
upon the case, "every one knows I can
have no personal fear of poor Jiminez.
But wdv should an unknown stripling
threaten my life? Why does he now
keep out of everybody's way? The alle
gation on his part that I have injured him
is bosh, and he knows it. No one knows
better than he that he was a mere tool.
And then the question suggests itself to
my mind— for whom was hfe acting as a
tool?
"This question fills me with suspicions
of a plot. The manner in which Dr. Eus
torjio Calderon, present Consul of Salva
dor, has mixed in the affair would seem,
to say the least, peculiar. He interested
himself witn ardor in Jiminez's release
from custody and when he had got
him out of jail took the boy to the Maison
Tortoni, where he wined and dined him,
after which he took him to the theater as
though to celebrate the event. To-day
Dr. caideron came here to the hotel and
had a lengthy interview with his pro
tege. I, a citizen and former Presi
dent of Salvador, a general in
the army of the republic, and a
compatriot whose life had been for sev
eral minutes at a cravens mercy, was
completely ignored by the representative
of my Government. Of course, I do not
hanker alter any personal relations with
Dr. Calderon, but there is such a thing as
official decency.
••To the dickens with the whole busi
ness!" exclaimed the general in conclu
sion, or words to that effect, in the
sonorous Spanish tongue, "lam tired and
disgusted with it all. Oae woula think
all who had a hand in so cowardly, so
abortive and so utterly miserable a trans
action ought to De ashamed of themselves;
but no, they seem by their antics to imag
ine that they have done something
BUILDERS OH A STRIKE,
A Walk-Out on a Job on Four
teenth and Valencia
Streets.
Ten or more carpenters went out on a
strice on James Smiley's big building job
on Fourteenth and Valencia streets yes
terday morning.
The trouble was caused by the presence
of several non-union lathers wno went to
work in the morning. Several days ago
these lathers appeared aad the union men
ceased work, but as the building was not
ready for the lathers the latter departed
and the union men returned to their
places. It was plainly stated that if the
ontractor put non-union men to work
he others would quit, and they kept their
promise.
There was one man who refused to
strice, Aaron Perry by name, who is a
member of the Oakland Carpenters'
Union.
The metal-roofers joined the carpenters
in the waik-out and many unpleasant
things were said of Ferry for refusing to
strike. Caarges of violating the union
rales were preferred against him at the
meeting of the District Council last night.
The business agents of the Building
Trades' Council hope to settle the matter
with the contractor to-day so that the
work may be done by onion men. If the
lathing is finished by the non-union
lathers no union man will be allowed to
complete the buildings even after the
lathers hare departed.
At the meeting of the District Council
of Carpenters the following officers were
elected: President. F. M. Thompson;
vice-president, Joseph Leet secretary, R.
B. Ingle; treasurer, C. Page; warden, J.
Bershaw.
The council has received $100 for the
strike fund from the International Union,
and $100 more is on the way here.
JOURNEYMEN HABBERS.
They Receive Their Charter and Elect
Permanent Officers.
The Journeymen Barbers' International
Union No. 27 met Tuesday night at 102
O'Fanell street. A full attendance greeted
the arrival of the charter for the union.
The organization was permanently ef
fected and the following permanent of
ficers were elected: President, F. Hodges;
vice-president, A. Lorentxen; recording
and corresponding secretary, I. L. Isaac !
financial secretary, F. H. Stanley; treas-'
nrer, A. Less; auditing committee — L. A.
McCroskrie. \V. Isaacs and G. Barrett
finance—M. Fleming, G. H. Hurd and Ll
Lyttker; guide. F. Hammersmith; ser
freant-at-arms, ii. A. Draeger; trustees — I
Le.s, H. A- Wolfe ana W. B. Currier. On
Tuesday evening next the union will give
a high jinks ana smoker to ratify the
event of permanent organization and suc
cess of the union. F. H. Spencer was
elected delegate to the National confer
ence, to take place in Minneapolis on
October 6; L Less alternate.
IN THE FORTY-FIRST.
Dempcrati Organise the Golden Gat«
Taller Club— A Drill Corps.
The Democrats of the northwestern por
tion of tae ■" Forty-first Assembly District
held a meeting on .'Wednesday evening at
the northeast corner of Filbert and " Fill
more streets, where they organized a dub
to be known as the Golden Gate Valley
Democratic Club. . The ', following perma
nent officers were elected : .
President, -A. J. Vaader White; first vice
president, Cbaries E. Moose;; second vice
president. Charles Saubinger; recording secre
tary, M. Gallagher; corresponding secretary,
Frank P. Creede; financial secretary, William
Buckley; treasurer. Hers- an Citseats ; «#r
geaats-at.«rm3,vThO2*s, Dwyer aad Jane.*
Hardnedy.
Executive committee- Joan F. Gljan, Gr*s
orr Cnnningrham, William H. Ring, Dennis
Sullivan, William Wright, Louis Dyer and Peter
Gavin.
Finance committee — R. C Malone, Joseph
Pazsilo, Herman Mangels. Louis Dyer, John
Trrrell and William Tobin.
Registration committee— M. Gallagher, J. P.
Glvna and William WrU^t.
After the meeting a roli was opened by
the young men of the district, who intend
to form a drill corps in conjunction with
the club. Ail voting Democrats between
the ages of IS and 25 years are eligible to
membership.
" Carmen" for an Extra "Week.
That the production of the dramatized ver
sion of ''Carmen" at the California Theater
has made a pronounced hit is amply attested
by the packed houses and by the announce
ment of the xsssagexaent to the effect that the
play will be continued for an extra week, com
mencing next Monday night It was first in
tended to ran t-e piece for one week only, but
its success asd the consequent demand for
seats have made it necessary to prolong the
season, and instead of brine-lag oat '■Mad
ame," as first announced. Frederick Warde.
Rose Coghlan and the Stoekwell company of
players will continue in their Interpretation
of "Carmen" tnrongiont all next week.
Another announcement by the California
Tbeater management is that for the farewell
week, commencing Monday, July 27, when
will be riven a *cenic revival of Shakespeare's
••Merc-ant of Venice," in which Frederick
Warde and Rose Coghlaa will appear for the
first time in this City in the roles of Shylock
and Portia respectively. -
Perkins Republican Club.
A number of Republicans of the Forty-fourth
District met at t>4o Green street and reorgan
ised the Perkins Club. The following tempo
rary officers were elected: President, W. J.
London; vice-president, E. Dreypoleher; sec
retary, Frank Aicaer; treasurer, Henry Ne.l
msn; sergeant-at-arms, O'G. Severing.
During the evening the following resolutions
were adopted :
Whereas, A certain club dsim ing to repre
sent the Republican party ia the Forty-fourth
district having adopted resolutions censuring
J. D. Sprecitels and the county committee for
not placing one of their members in the county
committee, snd whereas Pnilip Kraustrrii:,
nominee, is a well-known Republican and an
old resident of the district, therefore be it
Risolrtd, That the Perkins Ciub indorses the
aciion of the last meeting of the County Com
mittee m naming Philip Kritt-gria, by which
action all the clubs in the district are treated
alike, neither of the County Committeemen
being a member of any club in the district;
and be it fnrtiier
Resolved, That we heartily indorse the nomi
nation of J. D. Spreckels as National Commit
teeman from California.
Will Ratify To-Xigtat.
A grand ratification meeting will be held
under the auspices of the Thirty-first Assem
bly District Republican Club at its hall, 1443
Fol«otn street, this evening. Eminent speak
ers will address the meeting.
MKW TO-DAY.
PHYSICAL
MANHOOD.
Sexual and XerToai Power, Strong
Mind and Body Can Be Renewed In
Weak, Failing; Sen by Dr. Saaden'i :
Electric Belt. If Ton Hare Tried All .
Other Remedies and Failed to Get
Cared, Do Not Despair. There Is a
Core for Yob. Only Spare Tina- to
Investigate It. It Is Certain. Abso-
lute. Read the Book " Three Classes
of Men."
This is the age of physical perfection.
It is also the age of physical imbecility.
While this man avails himself of every
opportunity to develop and expand his
manly vigor, that one a passing his
chances to improve his mind and body,
and easily falls into the excesses which ;
are always in his path, to the destruction
of bis vital power?.
How great is your admiration of a Saa-
dov ! A Hercules of physical manhood.
The ' very foundation" of this physical
manhood is nerve, or vital force. It is
easily wastea by excesses or early indis-
cretion.
Manhood Quickly Restored.
W vrxixsrsK. O&asgs Co., May 13, 159&
Dr. A. T. Smdat— DKJJtStx: The Beit vhlth
Iboo^ht from you some time ago has cared
me. My disease was seminal weakness of five
years' •tandiag. I had emissions on an aver-
age of aye times a week, and maay antes three
in one night. I used all kinds of drags aad
patent medicines, and was, when I begaa your
treatment, ia a very weak condition, both
from my trouble and the many different drags
I had taken. As soon as I applied your Belt I
foaad relief from my losses, in three weeks a
ireneral improved condition, and I am now en-
tirely cured. I cannot say too much in praise
oi your Beit. Yours truly, J. M. HUEBAP.D.
No man can attain physical or muscular
perfection while there is any want of vital
j force. It is the grit, the vim. the "ginger"
which supports the powers of endurance,
and the command of ■ latent physical
streagth.-
Every mao knows himself. He knows
where he ia weak. Knowing i:, if he is
true to himself, he will try to recover the
vital power he has wastei. .
The source of all physical power is in
the nerves. The life of the nerves is elec-
tricity. So says science. Man, if you lack
any of the elements of manhood, will you
barter you; future happiness any further
by letting this chance pass? Be one of
the progressive men. Perfect your man-
hood, physically, sexually, mentally.
"A great change has come over me, and I
feel better than 1 ever did. I feel in such good
health that I cut about a card cf wood a day
and don't feel tired at nigiit." So write* Mr.
JOHN W. PHILLIPS, Colfax. CaL, Jace 2a.
A steady, even now of electricity into your
body for several hoars at night will bring
new life to the nerves, and from them to
the whole body. The brain will oe re-
freshed, the nerves strong, quick and ac-
tive, and every organ of your body will
expand and develop in force and vitality.
It i will, in three months, renew perfect
manly vigor in every part. It is as good
for women as for men.
A permanent cere Is guaranteed or
money refunded in all weaknesses of men.
A Docket edition oi the celebrated electro-
medical work, "Three C.assss ot Men,"
illustrated,' is sent free, : sealed, by mail
upon application. Every young. . &fc*dl*~
aged or old man suSeria; th» slight***
weakness should read it. It will pc*«t out
an EASY. SURE AND SPEKI>Y WAY
TO REGAIN* STRENGTH AKtf HEALTH
WHEN EVERYTHING EL&£ HAS
FAILED.
Be a man. Lay aside prejadic* caescd
by the broken pwaiw ci quacks*?. ■&M
the book and writ* to the bm wbo v-fisa-
tarily offer their aaismft, Tlwo act as yevr
own judgment dictate*. l\>a*s pet ii cJL
Writ* or call to-day. , Address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
•30 Xrnrke* Street, s»n FriacUo*
Oppose* rmmt seas*, OfOot mimi »*.«.}*
■ JCMa.- tfsdsars, t» so 1.
- ' i\>a.Mti!«: »» »>*♦ **£ l«vn«t.
O/ViCX* AT;
tg* A^fUKXJKivCAI^ I K»*TWkXtV OX»
Is the light that will bring a great big
glow of happiness to you. By it yon will
see how strong and vigorous year now
weak Dodv can be made. .Hndyan is for
man. The great Hud van is to be bad only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by tne spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful bow harmless
it is. You can get it from nowher* tat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidaxy Rejuvenator is tne
most wonderful discovery of the age. _ it
has been indors-d by the leading scienti&e
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematurenes* of the
discharge in twenty days. Cures LrfJ»i
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pn-
vate indorsements.
• Prematureness means imDOtency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan cos:s no more than any other rem-
'< cdv. Sena for circulars and testimonials.
i TAINTED BLOOD— Impure blood, da« to seri-
sus private disorder*, carries xarrt*** of sor-?-
prodncins germs. Teen come »ore Uiroat, pimples,
copper-colored spot*, nicer* in moatb. old sores and
falling n*;r. Yoa can «»-ve a trip to Hot Springs
by wrlUng for "-Blood Book ' to ide old physicians
*' HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITCII,
Stockton, Market and Ellis sts.
iV; SAX FBA>'CISCO. CAL.
BAZAAR
BRAND
NEW
A HIGH
PICK GRADE
up BICYCLES
$60.
AH Standard High Grade Wheels,
Up to Date in Every Particular.
13 V JfcJ JEVST - WUHELi
fILLT
&TJ .A.IFI.A.T'a'TIE'ErD
FOR ONE TEAK.
Don't Miss This Opportunity.
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS FOR
"THE FOWLER"
The Original Truss Frame.
The Most Highly Finished Bicycle
in the World.
PRICE $100.
Cash or Installments.
j
•'-''-- ' • >-'
*4»O and 462 EIGHTH ST , OAKIASD.
Eastcn, Eldrldge & Co., 63SH«mst l $.F.
SPECIftLftUCTI° SALE
Oakland Improved and Unimproved
Business and Residence
Property.
SATURDAY. JULY IS. IS9B,
At 2 o'clock P. M. at Salesroom*,
460 and 462 EisAili SimVfeUani
TWO FIXE Er<:'>T'sS LOTS aa <MPiM*m,
MILT r«nt = :----.£LTJ *"•
f OSE IXPKOV2LP ANC TWO CSIirPEOVED
I Br> : n- - » U?TS> «t *»«i»s^ si- e«»r "HTood.-
-; OXK-iiKK LOT «* T*«a^4a4 St., aeex i«a
PaMs>»v%
roVR srPERB BOrUSVA3U> TEKSACK
UUr*. v ;w? #«ea: mar terms. i
CHOJi'K JCUWSvi J.OT *» ftasfctta *c ae*r
Peteer: Wxl*»: easy «•**»*.
▲ i< IC-K iWJEK fcOJ «t S rood* »al t«ui,
•sme^w «x . * -.- : ■ . .
MKtTY COTTA6S HOME ea T>ssSi st- saw
I THRKK SIGHTLY RKSIIUS^CB LOX* ca
*<S*ttß»*«~ I*l. Kitta* a»s T»a A.
SIX BI'tUMSG IjOV* ea k*js T^eeajSaeMia
jt..w.E»r(«s»T».:»il»fertiieM/»mi
TUSKiI C«OICB LOTS ccr. s*c«aj aad £ns&
*:*.:=;■»: i* «cii.
TWX> J^' 1 ? ta '*** <**»* *«»* Tt»x r*K
Oa&Uad.
WPw'UMIwtMwCMatHMaX see see*.
er.jr e#.c*» de^^aeM.
wxuLiAii J. IMNv
/?\DEWEV &CC>>f!^
P' "1
lit ■ r,-^tfHUNDRED AND THREE
BANKERS FOR GOLD,
Leading Democrats Re
spond to the Sound
Money Call.
VIEWS OF LYMAN GAGE, THE GREAT
BANKER, ON SILVER.
Illustrations Furnished by Democratic Busi
ness Men Showing How Silver Salaries
Rob the Laborer.
I realise It is not the individual so much hk it is the principles he la to carry out,
and my vote trill go to McKinley even if I am a Virginian and have heretofore
been a Democrat. — Dr. H. K. Bell.
The platform adopted by the Democratic Convention at Chicago, -with its anar
chistic, Bociali«tic and silver planks, ia not at all in accordance with my ideas of a
Government which can be beneficial to the people. I have been a Democrat, but I
will cast my ballot for McKlnley and the principles which are advanced in the
platform adopted at the Republican Convention at St. Louis.— Sigmund Greene-
Damn.
One hundred and six bankers have responded to the request of the California
Bankers' Association for a statement of their views on the money question. One
hundred and three favor a single standard.
I never dreamed that the time would come when I would vote the Republican
ticket, yet this year X will vote for William McKinley. R. M. WELCH,
San Praneisco Savings Union.
It has been an aggravating paradox to us why California, which has main
tained a gold standard through all currency vicissitudes, should favor free
silver. LYMAX J. GAGK,
President First National Bank, Chicago.
Prominent Democrats are responding to
the McKinley sound-money roiicall daily.
The bankers of the State are a unit and
representative Democrats from all lines of j
business are giving public expression to
their opposition to the Chicago platform.
Nearly all who go this far do not stop
short of the declaration that they will
vote for the Republican candidate and a
gold standard.
For a Safe Currency.
The bankers of California have spoken
on t: c monetary question. In no uncer
tain tones they have given their views of
what constitutes a sate currency system
for this country, and the unanimity of
their verdict for the policy advocated by
the Republican National platform is so
marked that even the local bankers, who
are enthusiastic in their adherence to the
gold standard, were surprised.
A few weeks ago the executive commit
tee of the California Bankers' Association
passed a strong resolution on the money
question. The committee, speaking for
the association, declared its unqualified
opposition to free coinage or any other 16 to
1 proposition, and called upon the bankers
of the State to seize every available oppor
tunity to explain the fallacy of the silver
theory and to labor for the adoption of a
sound monetary policy in this country.
These resolutions were embodied In a
circular which was sent to every bank in
the State, and to a few prominent banking
institutions in other parts of the country.
Accompanying each circular was a postal
card addressed to the officers of the bank
asking if the sentiments expressed in the
resolutions met their approval. To these
cards 106 answers liave been received from
banics in California. Of these 103 heartily
indorse the resolutions. One dodges the
issue by saying it is a question upon
which there is a division of opinion, and
two, the Bank of Central California and
the Petaluma Savings Bank, refuse to in
dorse the resolutions.
Answers were received from a few of the
communications addressed to Eastern in
stitutions, though these were not expected |
to respond. The object of the Bankers'
Association was to feel the puise of the
California business men, whose interests
they believe are voiced by the banters.
They also wished to show financiers of
other parts of the country that California
had been to some extent misrepresented,
and that there was in this State a large
element decidedly in favor of a gold stan
dard.
Interesting responses were also received
from other Slates of the Pacific Slope. For
instance, Ladd & Tilton, tue most promi
nent banking establishment of Port
land, Oregon, write: "We heartily
accord in the action of your executive
committee as expressed in a circular of
May 25, 1896. The late election does not
state Oregon'! position on the money
question. It was more Mitchell and a de
sire to throw off a certain controlling ele
ment in the Republican party."
Answers in a similar strain were re
ceived from the Citizens' National Bank of
Tacoma, Washington National Bank of
Tacoma and the National Bank ol Seattle.
These all expressed the opinion that the
Northwest, if tne matter was put to the
test, would vote by a iarge majority to
sustain the single standard.
One of the most interesting communica
tions received was from Lyman J. Gage,
one of the foremost financiers of the age.
Mr. Gage is president of the First National
Bank oi Chicago, an institution having
$30.000, 000 assets, a most remarkable show
ing for a commercial bank. Ga^e writes:
Chicago, 111., July 1, 1896.
R. M. Welch. Secretary California Bankers' At
tociation—Dear Sir : lam much gratified with
the expression maue by the California Bank
ers' Association on the money question. It
has beeu an aggravating paradox to us that
California, where the sold standard has been
maintained through all currency vicissitudes,
shoula side up with the advocates of repudi
ation and dishonor. L. J. Gage,
President First National Bank of Chicago.
P. C. Miller, of the United States Na
tional Bank of Portland, Or., was emphatic
in his indorsement of the resolution. "The
resolution, as passed by the California
Bankers' Association," he writes, "covers
the situation in a very comprehensive
manner, and will be indorsed, I believe,
by every banker in Oregon. If Oregon
was to vote ut)on the proposition to-day
there would be a substantial majority for
the gold standard."
The great mass of responses were from
California bankers. Of these alone there
were 106, and as previously stated ail but
three were in favor of the gold standard.
In the majority of instances the largest
banks throughout the State contented
themselves with merely indorsing the
committee's action in emphatic terms.
Such expressions as ' Yea, heartily," "We
emphatically approve," '•Action of com
mittee indorsed," "We entirely agree with
y° u >' "Ow directors are opposed to free
silver," etc., were the answers sent by
many of the banks.
Many of the presidents and cashiers who
responded, however, felt that the question
called for more extended expressions of
» ir ri vleW! - M- J- Daniels, president of
the Orange-erowers' Bank of Riverside,
answered in the following vigorous man
ner: "It has my most emphatic indorse
mert. If there is any State in the Union
that should indorse the gold standard it
should beCalilomia.whichisknown as the
Gold State."
The directors of the Citizens' Bank of
Anaheim indorse the resolution, but state
that it is their belief the Government
should use its best efforts with foreign
countries so that the silver coin could be
placed in more general circulation. This,
they believe, would result in increased
prosperity for the country.
D. H. Snodgrass of the Bank of Selma
expresses gratification at the action of
the committee, and states the directors
of the institution he represents are heartily
in favor of the single standard. "Let the
work of education on the financial ques
tion go on," he says. "The brains of the
country are already on the right side."
P. M. Maylor of Berkeley, af ier approv
ing of the resolution, expressed the opinion
that we are using more silver now than
would be used on a free silver basis.
From Los Angeles banks were received
hearty indorsements of the resolution.
The First National Bank of that place
urges that the wrone impression of the
sentiment of the business men on this
question be as effectively as possible cor
rected.
David Henderson of the Santa Clara
ValJey Bank declared himself and the
directors he represented heartily in favor
of the resolution. He expressed surprise
that any thineing man could for a mo
ment indorse the sentiments of the free
silver advocates and urged upon the Cali
fornia Bankers' Association that it con
tinue to vigorously combat the ignorance
and error which is seeking to destroy the
Nation's credit.
Of course the Ban Francisco. Oakland,
San Jose and Sacramento bank* responded
emphatically in favor of a single standard
that is recognized by international trade.
It was the smaller banks that are more
directly in touch with the farmers and the
fruit-raisers whose opinions the commit
tee awaited most anxiously, and now that
they have sent in their replies with such
emphatic and unanimous approval of the
stand set forth in the resolutions, local
bankers feel reassured and declare that so
far as this State is concerned there can be
little doubt that McKinley and sound
money will prevail.
J. R. Henifr.
"I gness I am one of those you are look-
Ing for," said J. R. Henify, agent for some
of the largest lumber companies on the
coast and in the East, when addressed by
a Call representative who had been on an
active hunt for Democrats who are op
posed to the silver policy. "I cannot say
that I am scientifically posted on this
question, but as a Democrat I hold to the
belief that whatever entails hardship and
suffering on the creat masses of the people
cannot be a sound Democratic policy. As 1
said 1 pretend to no scientific knowledge
of the question, but I recall several inci
dents in my own commercial experience
which seem to illustrate most effectively
the evil results which would follow the
free coinage of silver in this country.
Wh9ii I was working for a large lumber
firm here several years ago complicated
gold and silver conditions prevailed.
"The head of the firm used to go out and
buy silver from the brokers with which to
pay the drafts of the lumbermen from the
woods and all our other employes, and we
saved enough monthly to defray the ex
penses of the office. That is to say, the
workingmen in the mills and in the yards
lost enough on their silver wages to pay
the salaries of four or five high-priced
clerks and other office expenses. My
father also had a tough experience with
silver when he came out here, some time
before the date of the incident first referred
to, with a lot of greenbacks. My experi
ence leads me to believe that any money
policy that causes the poor man to suffer
loss and beir the burden of the evil is
iniquitous. lam a Democrat and always
have voted my party ticket, but I am go
ing to cast my ballot for McKinley and
sound money this time."
B. C. Cuvellier.
This gentleman manages the large
wholesale wine and importing business of
Mr. de Finnery, and has always voted the
Democratic ticket.
"Yes, sir; lam atrainst silver," he said,
"and if you quote me I wish you would
say I shall vote for McKinley. I have
always voted the Democratic National
ticket, though independent in local poli
tics some times. This time, though, it is
a bitter pill for me to swallow to have to
vote for McKinley, the representative and
high priest of protection, which I do not
believe in. Still, he is now the representa
tive of a sound money policy, and I believe
it ia to the best interests of the country
that we should have a cold standard. I
shall either vote for McKinley or not vote
at all, and certainly not for the National
Democratic ticket, which is for silver, and
that means dishonor and disaster for our
country. lam a patriot oefore a partisan,
and I know you will find hundreds who
think as I do."
Dr. H. It. Bell.
"I am no politician in the strict accepta
tion of the word," said Dr. H. R. Bell. "I
am a Virginian, and I suppose my old
father would tar and feather me if he
heard me express myself in this way: I
will vote for McKinley this time because I
believe he is the best man to govern our
country. The best men, so far as I can
see, are with him and the platform on
which he stands. lam not a radical in
my political ideas. I want the best man
this country can select to take the helm,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
whether he be a Democrat or a Republican.
I realize it is not the individual so much
as it is the principles he is to carry out,
and my vote will go to McKinley even if I
am a Virginian and have heretofore been
a Democrat.
"I have learned that our banks do not
care to open up new accounts on the basis
of free silver. They do not want our
money because they cannot us" it to ad
vantage. That is a deplorable case of
standstill."
R. M. Welch.
R. M. Welch of the San Francisco Sav
ings Union has just joined the army of
erstwhile Democrats who are unable to
swallow the Chicago platform and the
radical principles enunciated by the Ne
braska prodigy.
"I have been a Democrat all my life,"
he declared yesterday, ''and my fore
fathers were Democrats. I am of South
ern stock, and I never dreamed that the
time would come when I would vote tne
Republican ticket. Yet this year 1 will
vote for William McKinley. T"he question
is too important to be influenced by parti
san associations, and I cannot vote for
free silver.
"11 the laboring man could only under
stand this question he would see that in
free silver lies his ruin. Commodities of
all kinds will rise with the adoption of a
free-jilver law and the wages of the
laborer will be the last thing to respond.
He will find himself compelled to pay a
great deal more for everything he pur
chases and he will receive very little, if
any, more compensation.
The necessity of a single standard is a
proposition upon which business men are
practically united. The City is full of
life-long Democrats who will this year
support the Republican ticket for the first
time. In tbia bank alone there are four
men. to my knowledge, who will leave the
Democratic party to vote for McKinley."
SiKmund Greenobanm.
"I have been, but 1 am no longer a
Democrat."
This assertion, from snch an important
and influential person as Sigmund Greene
baum, manager of the London, Paris and
American Bank, can hardly be passed
over lightly.
"The platform adopted by the Demo
cratic Convention at Chicago, with its
anarchistic, socialistic and silver planks,
is not at all in accordance with my ideas
of a Government which can be beneficial
to the people.
"I will certainly not vote for Bryan and
Bewail, and 1 will cast my bailot for Mc-
Kinley and the principles which are ad
vanced in the platform adopted at the
Republican Convention in St. Louis."
S. L. Everett.
8. L. Everett, the editor of Pacific Wood,
Iron and Coal, has always borne an envi
able reputation as a sound political thinker
and writer, and has ever been identified
w'.tn the Democratic party. He is a Demo
crat yet, but when asked whether hecouid
support the Chicago platform lie raised
his hands in comical deprecation, saying:
"Now, go way. You are a newspaper man
and so am I, and you ought to know better
than to interview me. After a little
parley be readily admitted that he could
not stand on his party's silver plank, and
proceeded : "I don't know any Democrats
that can. Certainly there are none of my
acquaintance. I was talking with five old
warhorses at the foot of the stnirs this
morning and they one and all expressed
the determination to vote for sound money.
Free coinage is an idiotic policy. It means
commercial disaster — it is the synonym
for ruination. Arguments are useless if
the man who runs cannot read the pro
phetic writing on the political walls of
the timeß."
WAS A CASE OF SUICIDE,
The Mystery Surrounding George
W. Wallis' Death Ex
plained.
He Was 111 and Despondent so He De
cided to End His
Life.
George W. White.alias George W. WaUis,
the man found dead in his bed at the Russ
House Tuesday evening, committed sui
cide, and yesterday morning James A.
Kemp, a son-in-law of the deceased, living
at Sacramento, received a watch from
Wallis. and, suspecting something wrone,
hurried to the City. At the Morgue he
found a letter, reading as follows:
San Francisco, July 13, 1896.
Dear Jim and Nellie and Atidry : I hope these
few lines will find you all weli. lam not feel
ing at all well. I am down in the mouth
very much so— for I don' t Bee anything before
me but that when my money is gone I stall
have to go to the poorhouse, but I don't intend
I will ever do that. I did intend when I left
your house last Wednesday to return on Satur
day or Sunday night, but I changed my mind
also about going to Arizona. I have made
up my mind thai ] will not be dependent on
any. if I can help it. Death before dishonor
and the sooner I am dead, I think, the Detier
it will be for me. For fear I may do some rash
action, I have expressed my watch to you by
Wells, Fargo <fc Co., for fear some one ml ht
steal it from me. It is not very valuable, but
it is the best I had to send you; and about the
trunk, there are some books and some like
nesses In it that 1 would like for Audry to
keep; and there are somethings in it which
Nellie might like, and I would like for Audry
to have the trunk. It would be so nice for her
to hold her clothes, and the balance of tne
stuff you can do wha*. you please with. Now
dear Audry, I would like for you to take great
care of your grandpa's sisters' pictures, and
divide some of the others with Aunt Nellie if
she would like any of them, and I hope
that you will be a good girl and try to
do anything that your Aunt Nellie and
Uncle Jim wish, and never swear nor tell
stories and try to learn all you can, and then
you will grow up to be a good woman, and
write to the boys often. So now I must bid you
good-by. I wish you was here to give me a
kiss. Well, good-by, Nellie, and good-by Jim
and I am mucn obliged to you both for all the
kindness you have shown me and hope that
we shall all meet in a better land than this
From your stepfather. Geo. Wallis.
"P. a— Take good care of Audry.
"P. B.— Excuse mistakes, for I am very nerv
ous."
Mr. Kemp is at a loss to understand why
his father-in-law committed suicide. He
was apparently happy and was assured of
a home so lone as he lived. The only
property left by Wallis was a valise, which
was found in his room.
An autopsy will be held to-day to deter
mine, if possible, the method employed
by the deceased in taking his life
EDISON POWER COMPANY.
Stockholders' Annual Session-Election
of Officers.
At the annual meeting of the stock
holders of the Edison Light and Power
Company yesterday, J. E. Green, the sec
retary and manager, submitted his annual
report, which was received with seeming
satisfaction by the gentlemen present.
President J. B. Stetson stated what had
been accomplished toward the consolida
tion of the Edison company with the San
Francisco Gaslight Company and his
policy was approved by the stockholders.
The following gentlemen were elected as a
board of directors for the ensuing year-
J. B. Stetson W. P. Whittier. J! J.VatS:
tine, W. E. Brown, C. E. Green L p
Dreiler and Gurtave Sntro. The directors
chose J. B. Stetson as president; W E
Brown, vice-president; J. E. Green secre
tary and general manager; William An
gus, assistant secretary; R. J. Davis as
sistant general manager.
C. W. Smith's Will.
The will of Charles W. Smith has been ad
mitted to probate. i Mary A. Smith and Henry
wonbrbw o nbrbo e u?|io.ooo. exeCUtori - The "*"^
WHO WASHED MRS.
HASKINS' CLOTHES?.
The Exciting Question
Again Creates
Trouble.
MITCHELL WAS CURIOUS
Important as the Identity of the
Man Who Struck Billy
Patterson.
ONE SIDE QUITS, POUTING.
Refuses to Go On Until the Name of
the Washerwoman Is Made
Known.
Mrs. Elizabeth Haskins, an impor
tant figure in the contention over the
pencil will of James G. Fair, was under
examination nearly all day yesterday
before Notary Latham in John E. Richards'
office.
Garret McEnerney and R. B. Mitchell
asked most of the questions, and Mrs.
Haskins, old lady that she is, answered
and answered and answered in most im
perturbable, unruffled and apparently un
wearied fashion hour after hour.
The end of the morning session was en
livened by a little bout between the attor
neys, Mr. Mitchell insisting upon having
his questions relative to Mrs. Haskins'
income and the name and residence of her
laundress answered. Mrs. Haskins, ap
parently quite willing to give the informa
tion, was advised by Mr. Delmas not to
answer.
Mitchell and McEnerney declared that
the questions were proper and relevant,
and flatly declared that they would refuse
to go on with the inquiry unless the wit
ness answered them. Under Deltnas' ad
vice Mrs. Haskins still refused, and
Delmas, first having the notary put the
question to the attorneys on the other sids
as to whether or not they I. ad finished, j
proceeded with the taking of the deposi- |
tion.
Mitchell and McEnerney called upon the
notary to make a certificate of the ques
tions objected to for suomission to the
court.
The proceedings beean in the morning
by a reference to the meeting between
Mrs. Haskins and the attorneys for the
Fair children. The witness was calU-d
upon to relate in detail the interview be
tween herself and Mr. Wheeler at the
time Mrs Craven returned from New York
with the pencil will. This involved the
retelling of the story as given by Mrs.
Haskins in her direct examination the day
before, for she told Wheeler only what j
she told Delmas in answes to his ques- {
tions. She related at length her search
for the pad upon which the will was
written, how she found it in what she
called her "tank room," and of the little
sliver of paper that fitted to tne torn cor
ner of the will itself; of Mr. Lloyd's ereat
Joy thereat and of his explaining that this
would prove invaluable in case anybody
else attempted to ring in a fraudulent will.
This was all in answer to questions put by
Mr. McEnerney.
Mr. Mitchell took the witness, and after
a long excursion over the well-worn paths
began to trench upon new territory.
"Can you tell us, Mrs. Haskins." he
said, "wny Mrs. Craven employed Eazene
Deuprey to look after your interests in the
matter of the contest of your husband's ;
will? She did do that, did she not?"
'•Yes, sir; she did."
"Why? You had already engaged your
own counsel."
"She did not think Mr. Wright gifted
for tne work."
"You did not make the suggestion your
self?"
"No, sir."
"Mrs. Craven was not to receive any.
thing in the matter?"
"No, sir.'
"She was not a legatee under the will?"
"No, sir."
"Now, Mrs. Haskins, did you not tell
Mr. Jonas, one of the persons whom you
namad yesterday as being a resident under
your roof, that Mrs. Craven had you under
her feet?"
"No living man or woman could keep
me under their feet"
"That is not the question. Did you not
make that remark to Mr. Jonas?"
"No, sir; I did not."
"You purchased the tictcet for Mrs.
Craven when she went East, I under
stand 1"'
"Yes, sir."
"Did Mrs. Craven ask you to do so?"
"No, sir."
"It was simply a voluntary bit of kind
ness on your part?"
"I thought Mrs. Craven did not have
any too much money."
"You took the ticket from the agent and
banded it to Mrs. Craven V"
"Yes, sir, and also a receipt."
"Are you in the habit of exacting a re
ceipt when you buy railroad tickets?"
"I always get a receipt when I make
purchases."
"We should like to have you produce
that receipt if you have it, Mrs. Haskins."
The witness said she would produce it if
it could be found.
"Have you not made a will bequeathing
your estate to Margaret Craven?"
"No, sir."
"You have frequently given Mrs. Craven
money?"
''I have aided her at times — her and her
daughter. 1 '
"You are very fond of her daughter?"
"Yes, sir."
Mr. Mitchell then began to inquire as to
Mrs. Haskins' financial status and income,
whereupon Mr. Delmas promptly inter
fered and advised the witness not to an
swer- Another reference was also ma>le to
the laundering in iue Haskins house,
which was also promptly checked in the
same way.
"These questions we consider important
and relevant and are to be followed by
others along the same line," said Mitchell,
"and if they are not to be answered we
will move that this matter be continued
until we can get a hearing of the court
upon them."
"We will proceed with the taking of this
deposition if you are through putting
your questions," said Mr. Deimas. "We
do not think that the refusal of the wit
ness to answer questions having no bear
ing upon the matter in hand and which
touch upon her own private affairs is suffi
cient to postpone the taking of this depo
sition."
Mitchell and McEnerney put their heads
together and after a moment's conference
decided to ask no more questions if the
notary would decide that the inquiry
should go on.
Mr. Latham confessed that he was in a
very embarrassing position, as no such
momentous question had ever arisen with
in his experience. He decided, however,
to give theobjectuig attorneysa certificate
of the unanswered questions to the court
and to allow Mr. Delmas to continue his
questions.
In answer to Mr. Delmas the witness
stated that Mr. Wright, her attorney, had
told her that Mr. Wheeler had promised
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
...'... ; '. ^^J^n> ru q^y^^ J^?jEf^!~^J GOODS -
k*************kk** * * *ftW^*»****»»Wj^
\ \/"t w i \/^ ii 4 1 *n^ JBk. B»r Pa HaBHL I Sms lIP . gggig km *
WASH GOODS, W blnkrupt EOPLE ' S STORECLOAK !
57c on the $1.00. stock. MD SUIT STOCK, f
This stock has been a 5
If a woman wants a little | drawing card-a bonanza As we advertised yesterday *
money.to go a long way In tTmes^ Ih o ppUs^p^ci these are the most wonderful 5
Wash Goods shed better see the most at the Maze, and Cloak Values you ever heard *
the variety in our downstairs this time they ain't disap- of. See them to-day and satisfy £
department. __ ■ pointed, bure. yourselves. t
BHc Pretty Grenadine 5 cents j LACES, ETC. $2 Pretty New Capes.... 75c *
Swiss Lawn 5 cents i 25c White or Butter Lace.. 12^ cents $3 50 Handsome Capes "$1.25 *
12}£c New Organdie 1% cents j 30c White or Butter Lace .15 cents $»; Stylish Capes '" $a 95 *
15c Scotch Dimity 10 cents | '' 5c All-silk Ruche 10 cents $5 Ladies' Coats... .....'.52.50 i
30c French Organdie 20 cents i 50c Beaded Gimps. .....25 cents $650 Ladies' Coats $3.95 £
6 -'- I 15c Irish Point Embroidery.. s cents jsB Ladies' Coats $5.00 ■£
I 25c Gauze Stock Collars :. 5 cents ......... . *
I IIVTOIVTC? 25e Windsor Ties 10 cents ■¥
LINENS. : MISSES' JACKETS *
40c White Table Linen 29 cents | FOR 19 CENTS. $2 Cute Little Coats. # 69c *
40c Cream Table Linen 29 cents i A Very Special Line of GENTS' $3 50 Misses' Reefers $1.50 i
$1 25 dozen % Napkins &c dozen | A WeK P TIES in pretty Simmer •* 50 Stylish C0at5.. ,.....:..:.. ..Wy&M {
20c Linen Huck T0we15..... 12^ cents colorings, sold to-day every- -¥■
15c White Bath Towels 10 cents where in town as bargains T\fWir\.JC'T< a £■
for 25c. DUVVINa 1 AIRo
vtat^mo OUR PRICE, 19 Cents Each. You'll buy yourself rich— as the old say- *
NO I lONS. -,_„ .. Tir ,_ _^,^ ing is— you invest a dollar or two in the *
15c Bone Casing . 5c niece VEILINGS, ETC. coats we are showing during this sale in ♦
i£q« I- Tok"ij .oc piece our downstairs salesroom. The buttons *
15c Stockinet Shields 7}4c pair 15c Colored Veilings 3cents cost more than the whole garment. £
10c Black Corset Steels 5c pair 23c Double- width Veiling. . .10 cents , T
15c 6-in. Kid Curlers 10c Dunch 20c Sewing Silk Veiling..... 10 cents • *
'4e Needles, 3to 9 lc paper i^^ d pS£ P^""l"'-- 15 «* n " SUITS. *
.. o , ii is • ■ xi-pajjci <ji2 8-Hook Foster Gloves : $125 __ -- , _ , *
15c Shell Hairpins 8c dozen * * !$5 Holiday Duck Suits $1.50 X
4c Spool Cotton 2c spool HO^IPDV $12 50 All-wool Suits $3.50 •
5c Shell Hairpins, fancy top 3 for 5c nn T . ''V^ 11^ 1 * f * « $15' Elegant Wool Suits $5.00*
10c Linen Thread •'OO vardo «>p «nnnl 30c Ladies' Hose 15 cents $1 75 Ladies' Wrappers 75c *
£ h rt «r/^ oa J V o P I ■ 40 « Ladies' Hose 25 cents 75c Pretty Percale Waists 35c *
5c Hook and Eyes, 2 doz. on card . .2c card g^ Ladies' Hose. .33^ cents Pongee and Silk Sfcirts $1 00 J
5c Mending Cotton, 45 yards 2c ball 50c Infants' Silk Vests 10 cents Black and Colored Silk Skirts .'.'.!.' .'.'.' $2.00 «
4c American Pins lc paper | 50c Ladies' Underwear 25 cents Seersucker Skirts 19c +
■'', -, \CrJ : 'A : - ■_^ ', . *
&^ROP™o*$&tViQJU2^ 1
MARKET ST., Cor. Taylor and Golden Gate Are. |
that she should be reimbursed by the Fair
children for all her expense in the matter
of the contest of her husband's will. She
said that others of tne attorneys for the
Fair children had said the same thing.
Mr. Wi eeler had said they would stand
by her "like warriors bold."
"Did Mr. Wheeler or Mr. Heggerty or
Russell J. Wilson or Mr. Lloyd or any
other of the attorneys who visited you
ever express any doubt as to the genuine
ness of this 'pencil will?" asked Mr.
Delmas.
"No, sir; they did not," said the witness.
HIS VICTIMS ARE MANY
Ransom Ellenwood, Forger and
Swindler, Arrested by
One of Them.
For Four or Five Weeks He Has
Been Doing a Big Business in
Worthless Checks.
Ransom Ellenwood, the man who has
been doing a land-office business among
hotels and boarding houses by means of
worthless checks for the past lour or five
weeks, was arrested last night.
One of his many victims waa F. L. Tur
pin, proprietor of the Royal House, 126
Ellis street. He had a room there for a
lew days and "beat" Tnrpin out of $10 for
room rent and $28 50 which was advanced
.to him on a bogus check lor $125 on Wells-
Fargo'a Bank.
Last night A. W. Turpin, manager of
the hotel, met Ellenwood on Ellis street.
He took him m charge till he met Police
man E. Ring and the officer escorted him
to the City Prison, where he was booked
on the charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses.
This morning fifteen or sixteen more
charges will be registered against Ellen
wood. One of them will be a charge of
forgery, as Detective Ross Whittier has a
forged check in his possession which Ellen
wood passed.
Nt-arly all of the detectives here have
been on the outlook for Ellenwood, each
having in his possession one or two of the
worthless checks, which were all drawn
upon Well-Fargo's Bank. Complaints to
police headquarters had been so numer
ous thatLhief Crowley had given per
emptory instructions that the swindler
had to be captured as speedily as possible,
and last night he was very much pleased
to learn that he was behind the bars.
Ellenwood is the man who succeeded in
getting Justice of the Peace Carroll to
guarantee a Doeus check for $100, which
he had cashed "by Barney Schreiber, the
horse-owner.
His modus operandi was the same in all
(he hotels and boarding-houses as at the
Royal House, with the exception that
when the etieck was small he got the full
difference between his debt for board and
lodging and the amount of the check.
Elienwood is 26 years of age and gives
his occupation as a bookkeeper. On July
11, 1890. he was sent to San Quentin for
two years for forgery.
Colonial Dames Incorporate.
Articles of incorporation of the Colonial
Dames of America in the State of Cali
fornia were filed yesterday. The directors
are: Mrs. Selden S. Wrisht, Mrs. Samuel \V.
Holladay. Mrs. George A. Crux. Mrs. Joseph L.
Moody. "Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, Mrs. Heury
Gibbons. Mrs. Henry Darncal, Mrs. Sidney M.
Van Wyck and Mrs. Sdwia V\ . Ncwhall. It is
the intention to affiliate the new corporation
with the National organization of the Colonial
Dames of America.
L "Big as a Barn Door." 1
I PLUG |
I For 10 cents you get almost twice]
as much "Battle Ax ff as you do of I
other high grade goods* Before the
| days of "Battle Ax consumers paid I
110 cents for a small plug of the same
quality. Now r "Battle Ax "— High- J
lest Grade, twice the quantity* That's I
f true economy* I
|. ISSBSS^^ ■■■:■■• . *
Wr ■ ' ■■ ' fl
DO YOU KNOW THAT THERE IS SCIENCE
IN NEATNESS? BE WISE AND USE
SAPOLIO
; COSMOPOIjITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., 3-»a
1 rancisco, — The most select family hotel la
tie city. Board and room. $1, *1 ii and 91 par
4*7, according 10 room. Meals -ia Houau, •» Jj
gad 7Be a day. J;'r«« coach to ao<l trom the . bocti.
Xook lor the coaou bear! u g the ■ name of I laa Cor
Biopom %a U.OML - Wit ttA.UH Yi i»roptt«HM.
/assaagjy wilcox. compound
"VmNsmpius
- ""* Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Talcs
BOBnbstltute. For sale by all druggists. Send
; * for Woman' « Safeguard.' WILCOX SPECIFIC!
I CO., 238 SOUTH EIGHTH ST..J?HU,ADA.,PA.i
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . 6.00
Dally aDd Sunday Caix, six months, by mall- 3.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Daily end Sunday Cam., one month, by mall- .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail • i* 6o
W'IIUT Call, one year, by mall •• *«60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you colr.g to the country on a vacation If
go. it is no trouble for us to forward THK CALL to
jour address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 1O Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street
TeJeptone - •' Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
BM Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
3:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larktn street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth, and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
25 IS Mission street : open until 9 O'clock.
116 2>i£lA Etreet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
1 EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32. 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THUKSDAY.. ....JULY 16,18:86
THE CALL £PEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBESIDEM-
WILLIAH KcKINLEY, of Ohio
FOX VICF-PKEBIDEXT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
KI.KCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Another bond issue is threatened.
Qrover is still in office.
We hear much of Bryan's tongue but
very little of his brains.
Bryan may capture the Populist horse at
St. Louis, but can he ride him?
Bryan talks through a hat of very soft
feit without any particular shape.
Ask your Republican friends if they
have registered, and keep at them until
they do.
McKinley is the man for the masses for
he stands for their welfare and champions
their wages.
Cleveland has the satisfaction of know
ing that no one objects to his fishing trips
this summer.
Every business man should register, for
the votes of all will be needed to defeat
the agitators.
A vote for woman suffrage would be a
vote to strengthen the cause of protection
to home industry.
It is worth while remembering that the
Democrats nominated Cleveland on a bi
metallic platform.
Bryan has always been a promising
3-oung man, but we have never heard of
his fulfilling a promise.
Democracy in the East will have to rely
on chin music this year. All the big or
gans have quit grinding.
Only a little while ago the free-traders
declared thai protection is dead and now
they are trying to dodge it.
Don't be surprised to see many Southern
States vote for McKinley. Business sense
in that section is growing fast.
Unless you support the business inter
ests oi the country there will never be
business enough to support you.
Campaign songs may touch on many
tbemes, but the popular chorns will be
alway? McKinley and protection.
Tbe first thought of many silver men
may be for Bryan, but the sober second
thought will turn them to McKinley.
While Democrats talk Republicans are
organizing. The one cares only for oratory
while the otner is working for business.
Free-traders are showing thinly in the
face of Bill McKinley. They have all
taken to lyin' and are trying to dodge with
Bryan.
If Hoke Smith and Sterling Morton de
cide to bolt, let us hope they will bead for
Europe and not mix things up in this
country.
It is about time for the Democrats to
explain why the great Silver Champion
Bland was turned down for a blatherskite
boy orator.
It will be a campaign of education for
Bryan as well as for the people, but the
young man will not get his biggest lesson
until election day.
Tbe Republican money plank is broad
enough for all bimetailists, but the Demo
cratic plank is too narrow for any but a
j-ilver monometallist.
Cleveland had better spend the summer
hunting for a pood deep hole into which
he can retire after next March and escape
the derision of the country.
There will be no more trouble with the
pold reserve when we have a Republican
tariff to yield revenues and Republican
statesmen to manage them.
In seeking to elect Bryan by arraying
one c!ass against another, tbe Democrats
overlook the fact that there are no such
things as classes in America.
Bimetallism in the hands of statesmen
would be a benefit to the country, but in
the hands of reckless or ignorant men it
would lead to disaster aud prove a curu to
all.
Tbe cause of woman suffrage must not
be overlooked during the campaign. Let
it be remembered on every stump during
the canvass and by ail the people on elec
tion day.
This is a contest between tbe business
interests of the country and the agitators
who s-eek to disturb business, and every
man who seeks prosperity mast vote the
Republican ticket.
Tne Republican party is pledged to pro
mote international bimetallism, and in
that pledge the people have confidence,
for they know the Republican party has
never broken its pledges.
THE SOBER SECOND THOUGHT.
It is the sober second thought of the
American people that eives liberty, justice
and richt their sure foundation. It is the
sober second thought of the people that
separates partisan politics from patriot
ism and holds the Nation aloof from the
influence of passing waves of fanaticism,
aud it is the sober second thought of the
people that weighs and measures propo
sitions for departure from principles
of government wi.ich have raised a few
sparsely settled colonies into a mighty
nation. It is the sober second thought of
the people that ■wiil beat back and destroy
the hosts of Altgeldism that are now pre
paring to make onslaught upon the fruits
of the victories of the war of revolution and
the war of ISI2 and the war with Mexico
and the war of the rebellion, in which the
blood of patriots was poured out that the
glory and stability of our system of gov
ernment might not fail of purpose.
It is plain to be seen that there is a wave
of thoughtless enthusiasm for a wild and
reckless cause rushing over the country,
but it will subside when tbe people begin
to consider it with their sober second
thought. When the sober second thought
of the people takes up for analysis the
aims and purpose of Aiteeldism they will
see as does a high Government official that
"no political issue is involved in the com
ing election. . The question to be decided
is far deeper and more vital. The perpe
tuity of republican institutions has been
threatened. Every loyal citizen should
ally himself against the forces which con
trolled the Chicago convention, the forces
of lawlessness, which are inconsistent with
the maintenance of the Republic. Hence
forth there should be no Republican, no
Democrat, but a union of loyal citizens
against the combined forces of repudia
tion and disorder. When once this dan
gerous element has been stamped out at
the polls by an indignant people we can
again divide and discuss those political
questions which for generations have kept
alive the two great political parties."
The leaders of the several revolutionary
factions admit that plans are now being
discus3ed for throwing the Bryan follow
ing to the Populists in Congressional dis
tricts where the latter outnumber the
former, and reverse this order where the
Bryanites show the greater numerical
strength. The idea ii. of course, to have
the majority of Congress composed of an
element that would be in accord in setting
aside all tbe established principles of the
Government and substituting for them
the communistic theories of Altgeld
and the sectionalism of Tiliman. Any
kind of a trade will be made that promises
additional strength to the revolutionists.
Mr. Bryan has set out to appeal to the
"common people" for support. It is cvi
i dent that he means to inaugurates war of
; classes and set brother against brother
j and community against community,
which would be far worse in consequences
| than auy race war that history give? Ac-
I count of. Less than a week aco Mr.
Bryan was nominated by the Altgeld-Tiil
nian convention, but he has already
eliminated the economic issues which di
| vided the two great parties and planted
his foot square and fair upon the doctrine
I of sectionalism, and from that platform
j he appeals to the '-common people" to
! elect him President, that he may revamp
i tne true and tried principles of govern
ment and make them conform to what
will amount to liberty without law and
ruinous contention in the people's com
: mercial and social life. The sober second
thought of the people is relied upon to
prevent this great wrong.
WOMAN'S SUFFREAGE.
In a recent letter to The Call Susan B.
j Anthony directed public attention to the
I rapid advance of sentiment in this Btate
iin favor of woman suffrage. To use her j
! words, the action of the Republican con
; veniion "invested the question at once '
i with the dignity of a political issue and
j enabled the newspapers of the Slate to in
j dorse it with the party sanction. This has
I been done with remarkable unanimity,
j over 100 of them having declared editorially
|in favor of the pending amendment. To
j The Call of May 3 rightfully belongs the
credit of inspiring that action on the part
of the convention."
That which Miss Anthony calls a growth
of sentiment would be more aptly termed
a growing courage in the avowal of senti
ment. The opinion of the intelligent peo
ple of California has long been favorable
to the extension of suffrage to women. It
! has not avowed itself very strongly in the
I pa«t, because it has lacked political leader-
I ship. That need has now been furnished.
j Some of the ablest women of America are
here actively engaged in urging on the
canvass. The Republican party, flushed
vrith assurances of victory, has blazoned
tbe cause upon its banners and fights for
woman's suffrage as we.l as for protection.
I Tbe earnest and progressive newspapers
of the interior range themselves with The
Call in the contest. When the canvas be
gins there will be orators to speak for jus
tice to women from every platform in the
State. AH, therefore, goes well, and the
prospects of success brighten on every
side.
Republicans shonld take a special pride
and interest in this issue of the campaign.
It is one that appeals to liberal an i pro
gressive men, and there will be fidelity to
Republican traditions in supporting and
advancing it. Let it be kept to the front
from this time on. Let no voter overlook
it. When we vote for protection to the
American home, let as also vote for jus
tice to those who make the home worth
having.
PRANOE EXCITED.
The alleged attempt of a man by the
name of Francois to kill President Faure
on the Longchampß parade-ground serves
the good purpose of further cementm_
the opposition to the restoration to the
head of the Government of any of the "by
the grace of God" dynasties, but beyond
that the event is of no very great inter
national consequence. The man Francois
is crazy, no doubt, and had no intention
of harming the President. It appears
that his pistol was loaded with blank
cartridges, and perhaps it it true, as he
says, that he merely wanted to get the
President's attention when he iired at
him. Anyway, the fellow is known to the
police as a lunatic who has recently been
engaged in firing petitions and the like at
the Chamber of Deputies.
The political effect of such performances
is decidedly good for France in that the
spontaneous resentment by the people of
an attack upon the highest official of the
country goes to show how wedded the
French people are to their republic.
P'aure himself is far from being a popu
lar man. He has been hissed more than
once by the crowds as he passed along,
but on such occasions he was not so par
ticularly represeniing the nation as when
reviewing the army, when Francois fired
at him. This is not the first time the
French people have had an opportunity to
express their loyalty to the republic since
tne fall of the last empire, and it may be
said of them that, if surface indications go
for anything, the principles of republican
ism are quite as deeply rooted in the
hearts of the Frenchmen as in the citizens
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, J CTLX 16, 1
of any other republic. To be sure, the
French republic is a good deal of a
monarchy in many respects, but French
thinkers know very well that the people
are as free to-day as they are capable of
being, and that more personal liberty than
they can comfortably digest would quick
ly result in communism practically ap- ,
plied. '
TWO IMPORTANT QUESTIONS,
There are two economic theories which
the people mean to have put into prac
\ ticat operation upon a basis that shall be
permanent. One is a schedule of import
duties that shall secure ample protection
to our industries against hurtful foreign in
vasion ; the other is a bimetallic currency
upon a basis that shall make coins inter
changeable because one is as good as the
other for redemption money purposes.
Mr. Bryan assumes himself to be the
champion of bimetallism, but neither him
self nor a single one of his admirers is
equal to the solution of such a problem;
; besides, he is opposed to protection, and
protection and bimetallism necessarily go
together.
There will be protection and there will
be a bimetallic currency, but neither can
be established except by men who are
statesmen in the broadest and fullest
meaning of the term. The Democratic
party has driven all of its great political
economists away from it by its Chicago
declaration of principles, which mistakes
silver monometallism for bimetallism.
And since these statesmen, who have been
expelled by their own party, are affiliating
with the Republican party in so far as the
money question is concerned, it would
seem that all true bimetailists would not
think of looking elsewhere for ability and
experience to formulate a plan to secure
the desired result. Moreover, the Repub
lican party is pledged to bimetallism, as
J are the expelled statesmen from the Dem
i ocratic party, and it is also true that
j statesmanship of the highest order will be
required to place the Nation's financial
system upon a bimetallic foundation. It
is not a matter of mere child's y>!ay to do
it right, and if not done right it were bet
ter that it not be done at all.
Nothing could be more harmful to the
j material affairs of the people than tinker
j ing witn the industrial and money ques
; tion by incompetent men. The people
i cannot afford to trust the solution of such
j problems to men who preach the wildest
I political vagaries. The importance of
having these two great questions settled
right should be clear to every thinking
! man. That they must he settled there is
no doubt whatever if the fundamental
j principles of the Government are to be
; maintained. Nor should they be settled
j today to be overhauled to-morrow, but
i when they are settled it should be upon a
| lasting basis. It i«, or should be, clear to
; every one who is not blinded by partisan
i ship that as the several parties now stand
• in relation to the spirit of the purpose of
1 tne nation, the duty of accomplishing
j proper tariff legislation, and a bimetallic
| currency devolves upon tne Republican
party. It has the experience, the wisdom
and the desire to so adjust these two great
questions that the ereatest possible good
may accrue to all the people, while, on
the other hand, the Bryan party lacks ex
perience and wisdom ; besides it is com
mitted to settle all public questions upon
sectional lines. As a matter of business,
J therefore, the people should lose sight of
politics and commit the work of putting
the country npon a sure commercial and
financial foundation to such true and tried
hands as Mr. McKinley and his coworkers
for the good of America.
CONSERVATIVE BIMETALLISTS
The statements made by Francis A.
Walker before the Bimetallic League in
London and by Jay C'ooke, the noted
Philadelphia financier, in an interview
published in The Call yesterday, sbow
thp judgment of earnest and conservative
bimetailists on the present situation of
the cause in America. Both declare in
favor of McKinley and express their oppo
sition to the Chicago platform and ticket.
They agree that the election of Uryan, so
far from advancing the cause of bimetal
lism, would retard it by putting this coun
try upon the basis of silver monometal
lism and permanently establishing the
gold system in Europe.
The view of these distinguished men is
exactly that which has been taken by The
Call, and, in fact, by conservative silver
men generally. Nothing can be gained
for any cause by intrusting it to the hands
of reckless and ignorant men. No farmer
would leave the plowing of his fields to a
man who did not know bow to hold a
plow and was, moreover, fonder of talning
than of working. Why then, should he
intrust important measures ot statecraft
to incompetent hands? Left to the man
agement of Bryan, a change in our financial
system would result in disasters that
would discredit bimetallism for years.
We have seen what resulted from intrust
in v tariff reform to that brilliant orator,
William Wilson of Virginia, and no sane
man will willingly repeat the experiment
dv intrusting financial reform to the boy
orator of the Platte.
THE IRISH LAND BILL.
The collapse of the Irish land bill in
Parliament is likely to oblige a complete
reorganization of the Ministry, although,
the whole business looks like a premedi
tated thing. The bill was never satisfac
i tory to the Irish members because it was
not only considered unfair, but was in
tended to be final. Rather than be shut
out from further efforts in behalf of Irish
land renters, Dillon and his colleagues
forced the withdrawal of the measure, it
is hinted that Chamberlain, who is the
brains of the Ministry, is scheming to be
Premier and that the failure of the bill is
not at all distasteful to him. But, how
ever that may be, the Irish landlords have
certainly won a temporary victory at least,
and unless the administration appeals to
| tbe people for indorsement and is defeated
i the fruits of the victory are likely to be
i long drawn out.
The fact of the matter is that since the
! death of Parneli the Irish members cannot
j agree among themselves upon any meas
ure in which Ireland has direct interest.
Some of them always find an objection
; which, for the most part, looks like
a play for the favor "of the voters
in their districts. Had the Irish con
tingent as a whole cultivated more quod
' feeling for Ireland and paid less attention
j to personal political preferment no doubt
! home rule would have prevailed in Ire
land long ago.
The remonetization of silver cannot be
entrusted to the management of men like
Bryan, Altgeld and Tillrcan. Only by
the administration of conservative states
men can that great result be accomplished
with safety to business interests.
The Democratic attack on the Supreme
Court strikes at one of the great bulwarks
of the Government, and proves that party
to be as hostile to the constitution as it is
to industry.
Jay Cooke is one of the sturdy bimetai
lista who will vote for McKinley and other
silver men of good sense will do likewise.
MUSIC &
MUSICIANS
A new star has arisen in the prlma donna
firmament in Milan. Marad'Asty, a young,
bright-«yed Roumanian of bewitching beauty,
has created an impression among the impres
sari. The musical sages of Milan declare that
she is a natural phenomenon in coloratura
singing and is destined to be the successor of
Adelina Patti. This lady will make her Paris
debut at the beginning of the winter season
and will then undertake a long concert and
opera tour in Germany and Rusoia.
At Wechmar, near Gotha, the municipal
council has had an inscription placed upon
the house where, in 1600, lived Veit Bach, the
ancestor of the family of the great cantor of
Lei^sig. Veit Bach, of whom J. S. Bach often
spoke, was a baker, and he and his son Hans
exercised their calling in the old family house
at Wecnmar which is still standing. The son,
Hans Bach, had learned music at Gotha and
played with a certain artistic reputation.
William Stcinway, the Principal Creditor of Abbey k Grau.
One eonnts, in seven generations, more than
a hundred defendants of Veit Bach, of whom
the greater part are known in the history of
German inu«ic.
The news of the death of the Brazilian com
poser, Carlos Gomes, published in the Bahia
and Pernambuco papers of May 21, was prema
ture. Unfortunately it was only premature,
for this excellent artist has developed an in
curable complaint, cancer of the tongue, for
which it is impossible to operate. Carlos Go
mes is at this moment at Para, a prey to the
most teirible sufferings, and the doctors in at
tendance, of whom It is said there are at least
twenty-one, affirm that it is impossible to save
him, and give him at most three or four
months of existence.
In France, it seems, there Is a strong super
stition that the operas of Ambroise Thomas
bring tome sort ol iS)-luck. The Paris Opera
Comique, and the Tneatre dcs Arts, at Rouen,
were burned on tbe night of the performance of
"Mignon," in which, it may be recollected, a
fire scene actually occurs. The Grand Onera,
Paris, was burned on the night of a perform
ance of "Hamlet," while the recent accident
to a chandelier which nearly set the new thea
ter alight happened during the public rehear
sal of "Hamlet." Then M. Lassalle, before the
revival, two or three years ago, of the same
opera, in London, fell from a gig, and tbe,num
ber of coidg caught by prime donne before
playing Ophelia are beyond count. Thomas
himsclt was well aware of the superstition
Rnd used laughingly to declare that he was
lucky in other way..
The Mene-strel says that the rehearsals for
the Triology have commenced at Bayreuth.
No arti-t of 1876 will take a part except M.
Yogi, the celebrated tenor of the Munich
opera, who will sing in "LOr dv Rhin" the
role of Loge, which he created in so remark
able a manner twenty years ago. Mme.
Materna still lives— she is even giving concerts
in some part of Western America— but she will
no more lead Grane, the black horse of the
Valkyrie, over the planks of Bayreuth. One of
the sisters Lehmann is still singing?, but she
will sing no more at Bayreuth. The other
sister has retired. Many of the artists have
quitted this world, among others the cele
brated baeso, Scaxia, who created the role of
Wotan. But above all that will be missing
this year will be the genius of the master who
in 1876 gave spirit to the whole performance.
The tradition still survives, but it is very
doubtful whether that will suffice. The con
ductors will be Hans Richter, Felix Mottl and
Siegfried Wagner.
A few weeks ago there was an account in the
papers of two Italian pianists who undertook
to remain at their instruments for fifty hours
consecutively, playing all the' time. Now a
similar occurrence has taken place at Turin,
tnis time between mandolinists, and must
nave been more trying, for the uninterrupted
scratching of a quill upon the cords of a man
dolin would be enough to excite the nerves of
the most insensible. There were fourteen
mandolinists, seven of each sex, who met at
Turin to strike tne chords on this memorable
occasion. The heroes of this festival pos
seted the -faculty of eating and drinking
without ceasing to play, which in itself ap
pears to be rather a difficult feat. The first
prize, a gold medal, was gained by M. Luigi
Novaro of Turin, who tortured his mandolin—
and his audience— for twenty-three hours and
fifty-five minutes. The performance of the
ladies in this struggle could hardly be called
heroic. However, three ot them resisted for
eighteen hours, which is a pretty good record,
But the four others wilted quilo early In the
fight. What strikes one as being prodigious is
that it was possible to secure amateurs will
ing to act as judges at such a seance— people
who were not forced to come, bu; were ani
mated solely by the love of art.
The Bavarian Cnamber of Deputies, in a dis
cussion relative to the subsidy granted to the
opera of Munich, criticized tne increase of
price for places in the Wagner Theater at Bay
reuth. Now they have wn: ten from Bayreuth
to the German papers saying that this state
ment is without foundation. The price of
places has not changed since 1876, because
the expenses for so short a time are too great
to allow oi a reduction. The representations
of 187G left a deficit of 342,500 marks. Wagner
hoped that he would be accorded a subvention
from the Government or from some German
Prince, but not having obtained the least as
sistance he sold to the director, Angelo Neu
mann, all the decorations aud accessories of
"The N'ibelungen," and conceded to the Royal
Opera-house of Munich the author's rights in
all his works. Since 1882 until now the repre
sentations at Bayreuth of "Parsifal," "Tris
tan," "Meistersingers," ''Tannhauser" and
| "Lohengrin" have regularly brought in on an
: average 50,000 marks a year, but this sum has
always been put in the reserve fund and has
now reached 300,000 marks, but there will
not be much of it left this year, as it is found
necessary to renew completely the decorations
and costumes for "The Trlology," and the re
turns from the representations are only ex
pected to cover the current expenses. Mme.
Cosima Wagner, it is said, always considers
Bayreuth as a purely disinterested and artis
tic enterprise, solely destined to glorify tne
work of the master.
William Stelnway, who, as a $50,000 cred
itor of the Abbey <fc Grau firm, and in conse
quence a 40 per cent shareholder in the new
company, has become a sort of impressario.
Speaking of the operatic outlook, he says:
"What do I think of Mapleson's coming? Well,
I wish him well, but I tell you frankly I see
nothing in store for Colonel Mapleeon. Inter
fere in any way witn Abbey <fc Gran? Never.
1 Impartially speaking, there seems to me no
j basis here upon wnich Mapleson can success
j fully return. He might have some following
j in the provincial cities, where Abbey <fc Grau
j do not go, but I doubt if even there money
will be forthcoming. As to the report that
Mr. Grau may succeed Sir Augustus Harris in
London, it has foundation and I am decidedly
i in favor of such an Issue. By the new terms
!of agreement Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau are
pledged to enter into no outside theatrical
venture, but Covent Garden. London, is an
exception. Mr. Grau is well suited to the
position. He knows the operatic world, speaks
four or five languages and would work to their
best ends all the possibilities of the London
situation."
We are in a position, says the Trovatore of
Milan, to give the first news of the autumn
season at the International Lyric Theater. The
manager, Sonzogno, has allowed us to hear
five or six of the greatest stars— Mmes. Van
! Zandt, Sanderson, Arnoldson, Nuovina,
Nevada and Simonette. As to works, we shall
hear, as novelties. "Phrine" of Saint-Saens,
"La Vivandiere" of Godard and "The Cricket
; on the Hearth' of Goldmark.
GALILEO AND THE BICYCLE.
Galileo from his retreat
Of silence came on noiseless feet
One day to Earth and turned bis eyes,
With keenest glances of surprise.
To countless thousands of mankind
Speeding along a- speeds the wind;
To maids and matrons, sires and sons.
And iinrnatures- little ones.
- All whirling on revolving things
That bore them swift as swiftest wings:
Through every busy thoroughfare,
Id rural highways, coursing where
The prairies reached o'er endless space,
Where rivers ran. where'er the face
Of earth revealed an open way,
a wheeling-, whirling, fleet array
Of human forms in ceaseless flight
Was shown unto his wondering sight;
And standing there as one aghast,
II is hands before his eyes he passed,
Then, proudly llftine up his head,
In self-applauding tone he said:
"I knew, ny Jupiter! It moved.
As my researches grandly proved :
But, by my itreat-crsniii father's hat!
I never thought 'twould move like that."
—Boston Courier,
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Layman— l understand you have devoted
your life to the study of disease germs.
Great Scientist (proudly)— l have.
Layman— Have you found a remedy for any
of them ?
Great Scientist— Well, no; but I have suc
ceeded in finding good long names for them
: all.— New York Weekly.
"What are yon doing, Tommy ?"
"Standin' before the lookin* glass," replied
Tommy. 'Wanted to see how I'd look if I was
j twins."— London Tit-Bits.
Dnnßley-Why did you jostle that fellow be
hind us 7
Jabway— l just wanted to have some fun with
! him. He's a crank.
Dongley— He could have had you arrested.
Jabway — For what?
Dongley— Shoving the queer.— Roxbury Ga
zette.
Little Clarence— Pa !
Mr. Callipers— Well, my son T
Little Clarence— f took a walk through the
; cemetery to-day and read the inscriptions on
! the tcmbi tones.
Mr. Callipers— And what were y onr thoughts
after you had done so ?
Little Clarence— Why. pa, I wondered where
all the wicked people were burled.— New York
Truth.
"That banging was half an hour behind
| time."
•'Yes; the Sheriff and the condemned man
; got to talking about their bicycles."— Chicago
I Daily News.
"They are talking of putting in long-distance
j telephones for the farmers' use."
"How charming! Of course they can be ntll
{ ized in catling the cows."— Chicago Record.
Teacher— Willie, you are to stay in after
i school and do three extra example*.
Willie— What 1 And git put out of the Schol
! ors' Union for workin' overtime? I will, I
l don't think !-Clncinnati Enquirer.
PERSONAL.
Timothy Hopkins of Menlo Park it at the
Palace.
M. G. Richie, the OroviUe banker, ia at tb«
Lick with his wife.
H. V. MorehouM of San Joee ia among those
registered at the Lick.
Mrs. James V. Kelly of San Jose is at the
Baldwin with Mist Kelly.
Dr. RuMson, a dentistof Reno, Nev., is among
the guests at the Baldwin.
G. W. Morgan of Duncans Mills is one of the
late arrivals at the Grand.
Judge John M. Kulweiler and wife are at the
Lick registered from Auburn.
W. B. Pie«s. who is engaged in dredging at
Sonoma, is a guest at the Palace.
B. U. Steinman, ex-Mayor of Sacramento,
registered at the Palace last night.
E. E. Hall and W. K. Brown, business men of
Kings City, are guests at the Grand.
H. W. Crabb, a fruit-dealer of Oakrille, is
among those that registered at the Grand last
night.
Arthur L. Levinsky. an attorney of Stockton,
is making the Grand his headquarters for a
few days.
S. Reiser, P.D.S.. of Bryan, Ohio, is regis
tered at the Cosmopolitan with his wife and
daughter.
C. Meyer of Glasgow registered at the Palace
last night, having arrived on the late over
land train.
A. Pugh, a well-known mining man of this
City, has returned from La Porte and is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan.
Charles Kimball of Fort Bragg, who is in
terested in the steamers running to that port,
is a guest at the Russ.
R. R. Bulenore of the New Almaden quick
silver mine, in Santa Clara County, ia among
the arrivals at the Lick.
J. T. Clapp of Chicago, who has been on this
coast some time in connection with mining
business, is at the Grand.
John S. Dore of Fresno, a delegate on his way
to the Populist convention at St. Louis, ar
rived at the Lick last night.
J. C. Kirtland Jr., assistant Instructor in the
Latin department at Stanford University, Is at |
the Occidental on a brief visit.
Dr. M. Fernandez Padilla and Jose Fernandez j
Padilla, passengers on the unfortunate Colom
bia, ar guests at the Occidental.
Mrs. W. R. Clark of Stockton, wife of the
Railroad Commissioner, arrived at the Bald
win yesterday with her daughter.
I. L. Delano, who is engaged at Rocklin in
quarrying and cutting stone for building pur
poses, is at the Lick on a short visit.
Mrs. Archibald Yell, wife of ex-State Senator
Yell, the Hanford attorney and former resi
dent of Ukiah, is registered at the Grand.
T. P. Recce of Johannesburg, South Africa,
was among the passengers from the East last
night. His name is on the Palace register.
United States District Judge Erskine M. Ross
of Los Angeles arrived at the Palace last night
in company with Mrs. Ross and Robert Erskine
Ross.
Among the recent arrivals at the Cosmopoli
tan are Mrs. C. W. Garrett and daughter. Mrs.
Garrett is the wife of Supervisor Garrett of
Fresno.
S. W. de Witt of Washington, D. C., Commis
sioner of Indian Depredation Claims, has re
turned to the Baldwin after a few days in the
country.
C. L. Ruggles. one of the proprietors of the
Stockton Independent, came down to the City
yesterday with his family and took apartments
at the Grand.
- Walter Mai ins Rose, the Stanford graduate
who carried off first prize this year at the Cor
nell Law School, has returned from the East
and is visiting in this City.
Colonel J. J. Nunan of the National Guard,
and one of the proprietors of the Stockton
Mail, arrived at the Occidental yesterday with
his wife and registered from Stockton.
: Mrs. Louisa I. Rice, who owns a large ranch
near Walnut Creek, arrived at the Lick yes
terday with her granddaughter, Mrs. J. D. Hill,
wile of Dr. Hill, until recently a physician of
this City.
I William Mahl of New York, controller and
second assistant to the -president of the South
ern Pacific Railroad, arrived here yesterday
from hi* Eastern headquarters to attend to
some railroad business.
Wilton Lackaye, the New York actor, known
to the American stage and to this City as the
Svengali in "Trilby," is at the Baldwin with
his wife, having arrived early yesterday morn
ing with the passengers transferred from the
ill-fated Colombia.
O. C. Pratt, attorney-at-law and son of the
late Leander E. Pratt, at one time District At
torney of this City, ha? arrived from Seattle
after an absence of eight years. He is engaged
in the practice of law, and is of the opinion
that McKinley will sweep the Northwest.
H. Y. Spike, the traveler from Holland, who
owns the streetcar lines in Amsterdam —
a city of 500,000 inhabitants— who had
never heard of Corbett, returned to the Cali
fornia last night from Sacramento, where he
spent several days seeing the sights |there
abonts.
The Washburn " Sisters, clever variety ac
tresses from New York, arrived at the Rnss
yesterday from Los Angeles, where they com
pleted a two weeks' engagement before com
ing here to perform for a similar period at the
Orpheum. , . They have taken , particular in
terest in the newsboys of New York and on
several occasions have contributed the pro
ceeds of benefits to the I Newsboys' Home in
that city. This is their first visit to the Pacific
Coast.
. George B. Lake, general agent at Los An
geles of the Los Angeles Terminal Railroad, is
at the Baldwin visiting his older brother, H. W.
Lake, manager of the hotel. The line for j
which he is general agent extends from Mount !
Lowe, near Pasadena, to San Pedro on the
coast, and successfully competes with the
Southern Pacific Railroad. Mr. Lake has been
connected with the road since its inception
and has been steadily advanced from one re
sponsible position to another. Though he is
but 25 years of age, this is the first vacation
he has taken in three years, and this is also
his first visit to San Francisco. He was born
and reared in Santa Barbara, and remembers
well Cyrus Barnard, the man who was killed
while resisting arrest for the recent double
murder at Montecito. Barnard was a little,
harmless-looking man, possessed of & vindic
tive temper, and as a mere youth served a term
in jail for robbing the Santa Barbara postoffice
one Sunday afternoon with two other boys,
who gained an entrance by the use of skeleton
keys.; ■ ' _______________
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.-Dr. M. J.
Burke and Peter Schleyei arrived from Bre
men on the North German liner Havel. At
the Plaza— G. B. Loomis: Holland— Miss Coch
rane, Mrs. H. Martin, the Misses Use; Im
perial—H. J. Willey; Astor— A. Zickler; Grand
Union— S. Shaen and wife; Sinclair— E. B.
Randolph; Cosmopolitan— E. Oestermau; Gil-
Bey— J. J. CalUimlan; Hoffman— J. V. Coieman,
L. Metzger, B. Selig, H. E. Wise; Morton— V.
F. Cannon.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Queen Victoria has a partiality for Scottish
shortbread.
Mrs. Patrick Campbell has made up her mind
to essay the part of Lady Teazle in "The School
for Scandal."
Recently Lord Kelvin celebrated the jubilee
of his reign as professor of natural philosophy
in tne University of Glasgow.
Mrs. Calvin S. Brice has cabled $1000 to the
Peabody Library fund of her alma mater, the
Western Female Seminary of Oxford, Ohio.
Friends of Fitzhugh Lee, the new Consul
General to Cuba, declare that he compounded
the first real mint julep that President Cleve
land ever drank.
In reply to a. correspondence Mr. Gladstone
says: "I have no wish to see Fox lowered, but
I am very desirous to see Sheridan raised, as I
think he deseryes."
The death of Jules Simon leaves only two
surviving members of the Government Na
tional Defense, namely, General Trochu, the
president, and M. Henry Rochefort.
It is said that the English papers have
fallen into the habit of speaking of Charles
Dana Gibson as the "Dv Maurier of America."
This is doubtless well meant, but it can hardly
be considered as a compliment by Americans.
LADY'S ROUND WAIST.
Here is one of the charmingly simple waists,
extremely stylish in itself, and capahle of be
ing elaborated to any extent desired by acces
sories or trimmings of various kinds. The
sailor collar is made detachable. The small
views show the appearance of the waist with
out the collar.
A waist of figured silk had a sailor collar of
black mouselin de s«»ie. This was edged with
a pleating of the same muslin, two very nar
row insertions of valenciennes lace were set oa
an inch apart, the first an inch from the edge,
a white satin stock collar was finished with
bow ai back. In the front was a bow effect of
Valenciennes lace, set on as shown in picture.
The gathers were covered by tlnv jet buttons.
A waist of black crepon, with skirt to match,
had a sailor-collar of white batiste, with trim
mings of narrow Valenciennes lace. Pule
jTeen Dresden ribbon, with flowers of bright
colors, formed crush belt and collar.
These with sailor-collar were detachable.
Extremely stylish are plain white cuffs and
collars of linen, detachable, or lace.
A brown serge dress was made perfectly
plain, the only trimming being a band of green
spangles set on either side of front and around
bottom of waist.
Try Townsend's Soft Chewing Molasses Taffy*
•—• — • — •
Where Is Shanahau?
Redc'.lng Free Press.
Wonder if Shanahan isn't sorry that he left
the Democratic party? Backward, oh, back
ward, turn time in its flight, make me a Demo
crat again, just for a night.
Glasses 15c. Sunday 733 Mrkt. Kast shocstore."
• — ♦ •
England Doesn't Ratify.
National City Record.
English free-traders are holding no ratifica
tion meetings over McKinley's nomination
these days.
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1930. Pac. Carriage Co,'
More Appropriate.
Los Angeles Time*.
Mr. Hill would better change his once proud
boast, "I am a Democrat," to "I am a Jonah."
. fPECiii, information daily to mannf&ctnran.
business houses and public men by tha Prasi
Clipping bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
"Let's see," said the teacher. "Your name is
Peter Marmaduke Jones?"
"Yessam," said Peter. "But that ain't my
fault. Poppy and mommy did it."— Harper's
Bazar.
Are You Going East
Tne Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fe
route — is tbe coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence ot
alkali dust. Particularly adapted !or tbe trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland in
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and ia
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office. 644 Market street, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. Rates cut way down. Every
thing first class; meals In dining-cars. The finest
sight in the world is the hot water geysers, found
no place but in the Yellowstone. Just the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. stateler, 638 Marke;
street, 3an Francisco.
No buffet should oe without a bottle of Dr.
Siegert's Angostura Bitters, the South American
appetiser and invigorator.
Many ladles are martyrs to suffering. Their
Best help is Parker's Ginger Tonic.
Parker's Hair Balsam Is life to the hair.
" Wouldn't be without it for worlds ! ' • was the
emphatic declaration of a lady in reference to
Ayer's Hair Vigor.
Amicus— Why do you use the expression
fanny joke? Aren't all jokes funny?
Editor— Not by a long shot. The jokes that
other fellows get off at your expense are never
funny. — Truth.
HEW TO-DAT.
psi Teas
TXfias
Coffees
_iiL opices
So Good
So Pure '
A Beautiful Piece of Cbiaaware
Given to Each Customer.
Great American Importiiii Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore st.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
531 Montgomery aye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st.
; 53 Market st. (Headquarters?. S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St.. AlamcJa.
CHEAP POWER
FOK —
MINING HOISTS, MILLING, PDMPIN6
AND ALL OTHER PURPOSES,
FROM 1 TO 200 HORSE POWER.
HERCULES SPECIAL
21 Actual Horse Power CM nr
£ 2 discount for cash. 0 I Oil
HERCULES GAS ENOINE WORKS,
BUILDERS OF
GAS AND OIL ENGINES,
Ottkk: Works:
405-407. Sansome St. 815-331 Bay St. V
-•■ .- * ' ' San Francisco, Cal. "
Buy direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
I 11l I A il *-'***«■" Square.
Wll I #1 J. * W. * JESSELKK,THURSDAY JULY 16' 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
California THBATSB.-"Carmen."
Coi.t-mbia TiiKATF.R~"The Charily Ball."
Itoaosoo'a cmcua-House— "Side Tracked.
Tivom opitba-llotisk.— "Borneo and Juliet."
Obphkcm— High-Class Vmidevllle.
BtJTRo Baths— Bathing and performances. .
Shoot thk Chhtes— Dally at Haight street, I
one block east of the .Park.
AUCTION SAVES.
M*scHA*rr>isE-ThfB day (Thursday), at 514
Second street, at 10:80 o'clock.
By MiMNWAin. KrcKBEK & Co.— Thursday,
July 23. Real Estate, at salesroom, 218-220
Mont pomery street.
By Wjii.iam J. Dixokk— Satnrday. July 18,
Oakland Real Kstaio, at siilpsrooms, 460 and 462
Eight street, Oakland, at 2 o clock. .
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Board of Health will s«e that the nuis
ances of Chinatown arc abated.
The Republican club of the Forty-first Dis
trict held a lively meeting last night.
The Pacific Amateur Athletic Association
met in the Olympic Club last evening.
Yesterday 2879 were registered at tlie City
Ha!!, a figure which breaks the record.
Harry Luther, aged 32, committed suicide
yesterday by shooting himself in the head.
The Schuetzen Ladies' Club gave a very suc
cessful picnic at Schuetzen Park yesterduy.
"Cloudy and threatening weather Thurs
day."—Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
George Jackson and Sam Hughes are the
first of the City huuters to report a dead deer.
The California Swimming Club elected offi
cers at a meeting held last night at Butro
baths.
The Board of Park Commissioners made Its
annual report to the Board of Supervisors yes
terday.
Frederic Tillraan Jr. has been appointed
guardian of the $8269 estate of Frederick A.
Baethgen, a minor.
Rosa Pahia, a minor, has asked that Mrs.
Minna Wenle be appointed her guardian. Her
property is worth .*IOOO.
General Ezeta suspects that Tuesday's at
tempt upon hi*, life by Pedro Jimenez was the
outcome of a political plot.
The Market-street Railway Company has
asked the Board of Equalization to reduce its
assessment over $3,000,000.
The stockholders of the Edison Light and
Power Company met yesterday and elected
officers for the ensuing year.
Two steamship lines around the Horn are
among the possibilities of the transportation
evolution of the near future.
Mayor Sutro turned the meeting of the Elec
tion Commissioners into a political ratification
for a few moments yesterday.
Mrs. Mary Matti, 2G3 Clara street, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by swal
lowing a dose of carbolic acid.
Frank Bellinger yesterday brought suit to re
cover $2000 on a relief fund certificate issued
by the Order of Chosen Friends.
The new Japanese line of steamers is very
likely to avoid San Francisco altogether on ac
count of local railroad conditions.
The number of runaway children reported
to the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children has been unusually large.
The youne men of the southern side of the
City organized a Republican club at Irish-
Arcferican Hall known as the Golden West.
The will of Ellen Maxey has been filed for
probate. Her estate is valued at $4400. Mein
rad Hummeltenberg is named as executor.
Bitter complaints are being heard from the
Potrero workers at the trsjpisfer system between
the Potrero and th« northern part of the City.
A proposed National platform for the Popu
ii>t party has been drafted for submission to
the National Populist Convention at St. Louis.
The will of William Putton has been ad
mitted to probate. He left property valued at
$7500. Martha Sutton was appointed execu
trix.
An application for tbe appointment of a
trustee over certain property of the Dimond
e-ate was filed yesterday in the County Clerk's
office.
The annual meeting of the Boys' and Girls'
Aid SOv^Wty of California developed the fact
that the financial standing of the institution
is good.
A contest of the will of Margaret Murray,
whose estate is valued at SH3OO, was yesterday
filed by Charles Connell, her son by her first
marriage.
Ransom Ellenwood, who swindled a number
of hotels and boarding-houses by means of
worthless checks, was arrested on Ellis street
last night.
The will of Sarah Kieth Saxe was yesterday
probated. Letters testamentary were issued to
Rollin p. Saxe and Homer P. Saxe. The estate
is worth $8000.
The Olympic Club has completed arrange
ments for its coming boxing entertainment
and for the handball tournament which will
commence to-night.
Ex-President Dalton of the Pan Francisco
Fruit Exchange makes some valuable sugges
tions in his annual report. He is succeeded in
office by Herman Bendel.
Abraham L. Matthis has asked to be ap
pointed puardian of the estate of his step
children, Oscar L. Bailey and Leon S. Bailey.
Their property is worth $4000.
The suit of Grace A. Dilhan against Pierre
dc Loriol for $00,000 damages for alienating
her husband's affections was yesterday dis
missed at the request of the plaintiff.
Mrs. E. P. Ferry, 1107 Bush street, failed to
get the return of her furniture from John W.
Fiinn, auctioneer, yesterday, as Flinn sued- out
a writ of replevin in the Superior Court.
Mr?. Haskins was subjected to another sea
son of questioning yesterday in the matter of
the Fair will oi the 24th of September, but
added little to her story of the day before.
Half of the thirty days' grace allowed by
courtesy of Collector Welburn has elapsed,
and yet only about 20 per cent of the 11.000
special- tax payers have appeared at the office.
Private James E. Kelly on the day after his
arrest for the murder of Private Quinn stated
that both his razors would be found in his
locker, and the statement was confirmed yes
terday.
The Cycle Board of Trade held a called
meeting last night to confer with tbe captains
of the different bicycle clubs of this City with
a view to getting suggestions on tbe monster
bicycle parade.
There was a strike on James Smlley's big
house-building job, on Fourteenth and Valen
cia streets, yesterday, which was caused by
the presence of a gang of non-union lathers
on the premises.
Representatives from a large number of local
banks appeared yesterday before the Board of
Supervisors, sitting as a Board of Equalization,
asking that their assessments De reduced or
stricken from the roll.
Gold quartz has been found on the hills near
the Inglcside racetrack ol reputed richness
A shaft 150 feet deep has gone clear through
the ledge of rotten quartz, which is said to
assay on an average $40 a ton.
The State Spiritualistic Camp-meeting Asso
ciation has purchased the Chautauqua Asso
ciation building, located in Redondo, and will
hold a prand State camp-meeting, beeinninz
August 2 and lasting till the 29th or 30th of
August.
O. C. Clark, the notorious ex-convict, who
wa» arrested for obtaining COO pounds of
white lead from W. P. Fuller <fc Co. by means
of a forged order, was yesterday held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Conlaa in
$5000 bonds.
The Ban Francisco Association of Improve
ment Clubs decided last night tooppo*e the
Geary-street franchise sale by injunction pro
ceedings in the courts, and also to send dele
gates instructed in favor of the proposed char
ter to the charter convention.
Frank J. Kane of the Boclety for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children nu applied for
letters of guardianship over the person of
Josephine Fox, aged 17 years, whose mother
is said to be dissolute and intemperate and
unlit to have tlie care and custody of the
young woman.
Lena Banner, 13 years of age, living at 62G
Jessie street, and oilier girls were jumpin? on
and off a truck driven by Charles Looinis last
evening, when Lena slipped and fell. Alum
be» wagon was attached to the truck, and one
of the fore wheels passed over her right hand
ami right leg, breaking the latter at iho ankle.
8H« was taken to the Keceiviug Hospital and
LoomU was arrested for battery, but was re
on hit> own recognizance by Captain
Wittmau.
The suit of Edwin T. Earl against Robert
f-raham for an infringement on a combined
ventilated and refrigerator car was revived In
the Circuit Court of Appeals yesterday, when
Graham, through Wheaton, Kalloch & Fierce,
filed a writ of error. The action was tried in
the Circuit Court in March last, reoulting in a
victory for Enr). tiie jury assessing the damages
at $li. From this decision Graham now
appeals, alleging no less than fifty-three errors
on the part of tne presiding Judco In his
rulings and final charge to the jury, and
Graham's appeal is, of course, not based ou the
ss.-ec-ed damages but on the principle In
volved.
STEAMERS TO PLY
ROUND THE HORN.
Two Lines in Prospect of
Being Established on
the Route.
RATES NOW TOO LOW.
Waiting for Freights to Be Ad
vanced by the Transconti
nental Lines.
MONSTER SHIPS TO BE BUILT.
Some of the Peculiar Features of the
Through Transportation Situa
tion Outlined.
Never before in the history of San Fran
cisco was the transportation situation, so
far as through freights between here and
Xew York is concerned, so involved and
so full of uncertainties as at the present
time. It is alto great with prospects of
new enterprises.
Rates by rail by tbe Isthmus and the
Horn are at the lowest possible notch,
and though there have been sometimes
vague and sometimes definite reports that
a decided advance was to take place, noth
ing of a nature to gladden the hearts of
transportation companies and agents has
occurred.
It is generally admitted that the trans
continental lines now control the situation
md that until they come to an under
standing and arrangement whereby freight
rates may be increased there can be no
change for the better.
It is further admitted that rates are not I
likely to be advanced on the rail lines until
the debt of the Central Pacific Company
to the Government is disposed of, either by
refunding or by foreclosure of the Govern
ment's mortgage, as under the present
condition of things Mr. Huntington could
not afford to allow the Central Pacific Rail
road to make any money. It would taKe
away nis chief and best argument in favor
of refunding.
But wnenever the time comes that rates
are advanced to where the balance will
show on the right side of the ledger of the
water-carriers, there are two separate
steamship lines promised for the route be
tween San Francisco and New York via
Cape Horn.
One of these will be operated by the
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company of
this City and the other by Flint & Co. of
New York.
It is now definitely announced that Rut
ton & Co., whose assignment at New York
was mentioned in The Call yesterday,
will retire for good from the clipper busi
ness. That the firm was in financial
straits for some time past has been well
known in this City, and with the death of
Woodworth Sutton, who was the ac
knowledged brains and brawn of the firm,
on the Bth of June, its collapse was con
sidered to be but a matter of time. So the
news of the failure came with little or no
surprise to the local shipping men and
merchants.
It was in anticipation of just this devel
opment that Flint & Co. conceived the
idea of putting on a line of clipper ships,
and the inauguration of the new com
pany's enterprise is now but a matter of
days.
Alien M. Sutton of Sutton & Beebe. the
local agents of Sutton & Co. of New York,
has secured a berth with Vv illiams, Dimond
& Co., who are agents for tbe Dispatch
line of clippers operated by Dearborn &
Co. of New York.
J. F. Chapman & Co. are to be the local
agents of the Flint clipper line, whose in
terests in New York are to be managed by
Simpson & Haldt.
At the office of Chapman <fe Co. it was
learned yesterday that in the event of the
clipper business being developed, as it was
confidently hoped it would be, tbe clippers
would in due time be replaced with steam
er? and the time round the Horn be
thereby reduced from 180 days, or six
months, to 60 days, or two months.
About three years ago the Johnson-
Locke Mercantile Company operated a
line of steamers around the Horn for a
year and a half and witn satisfactory re
suits, but the rate war that began at that
time made the project unprofitable. Five
steamers were in service, with an average
capacity of about 3500 tons.
Rumors have been current for some
time that tbe same company was about to
resume operations with steamers around
the Horn. Frank Johnson was asked
about the matter yesterday and admitted
that such plans were under consideration.
"We are not ready to talk about the
project now," he declared. "We cannot
do anything at this time, nor until the
railroad rates in force at present are ad
vanced, for there would be no money in it
trying to compete for business at the low
figures that prevail. It would be prema
ture for me to speak in detail of the mat
ter ai the present time."
Should Flint <fe Co. decide to convert
their proposed clipper line into a steam
ship, it is their purpose to have special
steamers built for the business. They
will be Between 5500 and 6000 tonnage
capacity each, so as to carry sufficient
cargo to return a fair profit, it being
claimed that smaller vessels would be
much more costly to operate in proportion
to tbe size.
Interesting in this connection is a report
received by a prominent local shipping
firm from New York that the revised rates
decided upon by the Transcontinental
Traffic Association a few months ago were
to go into operation on the Ist of August.
Confirmation of the news, however, was
not obtainable.
FRUIT EXCHANGE OFFICERS.
Herman Bendel Jbiected to Succeed
President Dalton.
At the annual meeting yesterday of the
San Francisco Fruit Exchange the follow
ing officers were elected for the ensuing
year: President, Herman Bendel; vice
preßident, J. L. Wilson; treasurer, Abe
Rosenberg; directors— D. E. Allison, H.
Bendel, P. D. Code, W. A. Curtis, Frank
Dalton. A. G. Freeman, C. C. Kinsey, Abe
Rosenberg, J. L. Wilson. T. 8. Taylor was
re-elected as secretary by the board of
directors.
President Dalton in retiring submitted,
his annual report for tbe past year, in the
course of which he advises the adoption of
some system that would bring members
together more frequently upon the floor
of the exchange. The standards which
bad been sent throughout tbe East he
fcaid had educated Eastern buyers in
choice and fancy fruits. Beneficial results
had also been reported from the circular
sent out by the exchange to the evapo
rated apple people of this coast, wsrniug
them against -\Htering their dried apples.
"We have been groping in the dark for
many years," he concluded, "and the
dried-fruit business has become of such
magnitude that it is necessary to educate
not only ourselves but every one con
nected with the fruit business in modes,
manner and style of doing business, and
it should be the duty of this exchange to
act in that capacity.'^
Lost Her Mind and Went Broke.
Judge Hebbard '■; yesterday, committed Kate
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY lfi, 1896.
O'Brien to the asylum at T'kiah. She imagines
that she is a detective and owner of the entire
United States. Any one who presumes to doubt
her sovereignty she assails with violent and
vulgar langUß.ee.
DRIVEN TO SUICIDE.
Cruelty Caused Mr». Mary Matti to
Take Her Own Life Yesterday
Afternoon.
Mr?. Mary Matti, 263 Clara street, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
swallowing a dose of carbolic acid.
Her husband, Louis Matti. is employed
in a restaurant, and she at one time was a
waitress in the Bella Union Theater. She
was the mother of seven children, four of
whom are ahve, the oldest being 8 years of
age. Only three weeks ago one of the
children w>is buried.
According to the neighbors the couple
did not live happily together. He was
cruel to her and they say it drove her to
drink. They had frequent quarrels and
yesterday afternoon, after a violent quar
rel, she swallowed the poison, ran out of
the house to the saloon on the corner of
Sixth and Clara streets and fell uncon
scious on the floor. She was taken to the
Receiving Hospital in the ambulance and
died in a few minutes. The body was re
moved to the Morgue.
Her husband called at the hospital j
shortly after she had expired, lie said
he saw her 6wallow something, but did
not know it was poison till he saw tne
bottle. He denied that he had been cruel
to her.
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
Knthuslantic Meeting of the Forty-first
District's Lively Organiza
tion.
The Young Men's Republican Club of
tbe Forty-first District held an enthusias
tic meeting last evening in Tilton Hall, on
Union street between Gough and Octavia.
On motion of Robert timart, a vote of
thanks was extended Thk Call for the
history of the club which appeared in its
Monday's issue. Arrangements were
made for an entertainment and dance to
be held the first Wednesday of next
month. On that occasion there will be a
number of good speakers present. Frank
H. Powers is among those already secured.
The Presidio band will furnish the music.
DR. FRYER HAS ARRIVED,
Brings a Chinese Encyclopedia
and Will Be a Berkeley
Professor.
The Learned Doctor Tells About
China as He Finds It—Natur
ally a Land of Literature.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 1"). f
Dr. John Fryer, LL.D., for thirty-seven
years a resident of China, has arrived in
Oakland and is stopping at his brother's,
on Sixteenth street. He comes to fill the
chair of oriental languages in the State
University at Berkeley. When seen last
night he was greatly fatigued, but he was
full of his chosen subject. He said:
"I will have four courses in Chinese for
be present. It will include a eimsa in the
Dr. John Fryer., LL.D, Who Has Come to Fill the Chair of Oriental Languages in
the State University at Berkeley.
study of the Chinese language and three
classes of lectures, these to be on religion,
literature and history. Each of itself is a
great study. I have brought home with
me 600 volumes of Chinese wonts for a
nucleus of a library ; 316 of them comprise
a Chinese encyclopedia of the latest and
most authentic issue. Many of the others
are some of the oldest editions in the
kingdom and are now out of print, mak
ing them very valuable as relics as well as
of history. 1 shall not take up the study
of Japanese at all at the present time.
"The effect of the late war has been
most beneficial to China. It has stimu
lated greater improvements in every
thing' and caused a greater demand
for foreign machinery, inventions and
talent. The demand for foreign capital
and enterprise has doubled in the past
year. China has had an awakening which
will be of untold benefit to the world at
large.
"China is a land . of . literature, and the
college of the present day is incomplete
without a comprehensive interpretation of
what she has in store. A language * made
up of some 14,000 - characters could not be
otherwise than wonderful. '">.'
"Our study of the language will be
methodical and interesting. \ The insight
into history, " legends and intellectual
spirit of the country is what makes it an
essential. It is not at all impossible that
i the gradual development of the Chinese
literature will modify, or 'rather remodel,
our own present standard. I feel that the
work will meet with \ general : favor. and
that its value in educational matters will
become a fixture in the laud.'' ': ■ • . ..-■•..
;•, Dr. Fryer will enter upon his duties Au
gust 12. His classes will meet in the me
chanical building. WBSBk
» ' » > — - —
1 Hoot's School for , Boys, JBurlingame. Sixth
year, begi&g Aug. 1. . lift Q. iioi U, Ph.D., Master*
SUTRO RATIFIED
FOR MR, BRYAN,
Lively Meeting of the Elec
tion Commissioners
Yesterday.
WOULD NOT BE SHUT OFF
His Honor Hammered With His
Gavel and Demanded
His Rights.
NO CLEBKS SELECTED AS YET.
The Merchants' Association Invited
to Present Four Hundred
Names.
Mayor Sntro tried yesterday to turn the
meeting of the Board of Election Com
missioners into a red-hot ratification
meeting on Bryan's nomination, and suc
ceeded in doing so for a few moments.
The several plans for selecting election
officers, including that of the Merchants'
Association, were under consideration and
the Mayor asked until next Tuesday to
consider the matter, his request being op
posed by Commissioners Creswell and
Brodenck.
The opposition seemed to anger the
Mayor, for he at once launched into a de
nunciation of politicians and political in
trigue in general, emphasizing his remarks
with a vigorous thumping of his gavel on
the desk.
Commissioner Broderick tried to stem
the torrent of words with a motion to ad
journ, but the Mayor would not be denied
and said that he would not put the
motion — that he knew his rights as chair
man of the commission, and that he pro
posed to exercise his right of free speech.
Having swept the decks of the enemy, the
Mayor proceeded to pour hot shot into
their battered hulls.
"The constitution of the United States,"
said his Honor, "was the greatest boon
ever given to man ; but things have
changed. The politicians, corporations
and trusts have got hold of this Govern
ment, and I will say so as often as I want
to. What rights have the small mer
chants and tbe middle classes? They have
none. They have been robbed of their
rights and we are on the eve of a great up
heaval. It has come to pass now in this
country that we are to have an election and
I want you to be careful how you vote.
The Republicans and the Democrats are
swindles. McKinley is a representative o*
corporations, but Bryan is an independent
man."
"Wow! wow!" yelled the gailery,
whether in derision or assent it was hard
to say, and the other Commissioners sat
silent until his Honor had subsided, and
then quietly voted down his motion to
postpone action.
President Dobrmann of the Merchants'
Association suegested that officers be em
ployed from the districts where they re
side, a plan that was favorably received
by the Commissioners. The association
was given a week to send in 400 names
which tlie commission will consider while
selecting its election officers.
The Commissioners decided not to place
the selection of names in the bands of a
committee of three, but will put tbe re
sponsibility on the shonlders of the clerks
in the Registration office.
THE RECORD BROKEN.
Registration at the . City Hall Has
Passed, Previous Figures.
The registration at the City Hall yester
day was 2379. as against 2798 for the pre.
vious day. The figures of yesterday ex
ceed that of any. one day in the history of
the Registrar's office. :
The highest number . ever registered in
any one day heretofore was 1 2506, on Octo
ber 19, 1894. This was ;■ considered a great
day's work, but under the present system
as many as 3000 can 'be registered *in one
day provided ■:} the "intelligent" citizen
would smooth the wire edge of his temper
before presenting himself at the desk.
A sample <■ of this cross-grained disposi
tion was made manifest yesterday, when
a man presented' himself for registration,*
and after answering all the questions pat
to him be gave his occupation as an at-
tornev-at-law. The clerk asked him if be
could read the constitution of the United
States.
This question he considered an insult to
his intelligence and pointedly refused to
answer.
The result was that he was not regis
tered and left in anything but an even
temper.
SLOW IN PAYING TAXES.
Over 7000 Saloon-Keepers and Distil
lers Behind in Their Dues to the
Government.
Chief Deputy Loupe says special-tax
payers are unusually slow this year. Half
of the thirty days' grace allowed by cour
tesy ol Collector Welburn has elapsed and
yet only about 20 per cent of the 11,000
subject to taxation have appeared at the
office.
"At this rate," said Mr. Loupe, "not
over 50 per cent will come in by August
L Tbiß means that tbe unfortunates will
be compelled to pay a fine equal to one
half of the tax imposed.'
Deputy Loupe will leave for Fresno to
morrow morning to make a survey of a
new distillery being erected by the Tenny
Canning Company. This will be the first
company to take advantage of the new
law allowing the making of brandy
from prunes, apricots, oranges and fruits
other than peaches and apples.
THE DIMOND ESTATE.
Application for the Appointment of a
Trustee Over Certain Property.
Application was yesterday made for the
appointment of a trustee to take charge of
certain property held in trust by the late
General William H. Dimond for his son,
Edwin R. Dimond, and his daughters,
Eleanor A. Jarboe and Mary G. Tobin.
The property in question was originally
giv-Mi to his children by General Diraond,
to !•" lield in trust by Horace G. PJatt, but
Mr. j'latt, some time before General
Dimon'i's death, resigned from tbe trustee
ship, which was assumed by the original
donor. 6ince General Dimond 'h death no
trustee has been appointed, aud now ap
plication has been made by Eclwin R.
Dimond and tiie Union Trust Company,
executors of the will of the deceased, for
the appointment of his successor.
SCHUETZEN LADIES' CLUB
The First Outing of a Thriving
Social Organiza
tion.
A Boatload cf Merry-Makers Under
the Auspices of a Committee
of Two Women.
The Tiburon boat leaving the foot of
Clay street at 11 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, carried a merry party of picknickers.
And the boat at 12:35, and even a3 late as
3:30 in the afternoon, supplemented the
party.
It was the picnic day of tbe Schuetzen
Ladies' Club at California Schuetzen Park.
The Scliuetzen Ladies' Club is an off
shoot of an older organization that fell to
pieces some time ago of its own weight.
The new club is composed of the best ele
ments of the old, the wives and daughters
and a few of the sweethearts of the mem
bers of the California Schuetzen Verein.
The president of the club is Mrs. J.
Thode, the vice-president Mrs. C. Schaefer,
the secretary Mrs. D. Heise and the treas
urer Miss Nora Garms.
The club has a bin membership of strictly
congenial spirits, and when it gives an
outing a thoroughly enjoyable time to
everybody who attends is a thing certain.
The committee having charee of yester
day's affair was composed of but two, Mrs.
ScLaefer and Mrs. Joseph Grafe. They
were quit* equal to the occasion, however.
Scliuetzen hark ran wild with merry
makers all day, bowling alley, shooting
range, dancing platform, merrj- go-round
and every other form of amusement being
in constant requisition. Excellent music
was provided. A number of the members
of the California Echuelzen Verem were in
attendance, and a bevy of children.
A banquet was spread in the dining-hall
of the park at about 3:30 o'clock. The
return was made to tbe City at about 6
o'clock.
This was the first outing of the club
and its success augurs well for frequent
repetitions.
FORT MASON MURDER.
Private Kelly's Statement That His
Two Razors Would Be Found in
His Locker Confirmed.
The preliminary examination of Private
James E. Kelly" of Battery E, Fifth
Artillery, charged with the murder of
Private James Quinn of Fort Mason last
Friday niaht, will be held before Judge
Gonlan to-morrow morning.
Notwithstanding the verdict of the
Coroner's jury, Kelly still protests his in
nocence, and a circumstance happened
yesterday that is a point, at least, in his
lavor.
When Kelly made a statement for pub
lication on Saturday ho declared posi
tively that the razor fonnd near Quinn's
body's did not belong to him. and added
that both his razors would be found in his
locker.
Yesterday Captain Vogdes handed over
to Police Property Clerk Moran the per
sonal effects found in Kelly's locker, and
among them were two razors, which con
firmed his statement.
FOR BOYS AND GIRLS.
Their Aid Society Holds Its Annual
Meeting— Trustees Elected.
The annual meeting of the Boys' and
Girls' Aid Society was held at the home,
corner of Baker and Grove streets, on
Tuesday. Tbe following officers were
elected : Trustees — George C. Perkins,
president; 8. C. Bigelow, vice-president;
Charles R. Allen, secretary; D. C. Bates,
treasurer; L. H. Bone^tell, Charles E.
Green, Charles A. Murdock, A. A.
kins, L. F. Monteagle; Arthur G. Smiley,
superintendent.
The report ol the treasurer, D. C. Bates,
was read, showing the total receipts to be
$25,333 14 and the expenses $22,866 45.
Mention was gratefully made of a dona
tion by Mrs. George Hearst of $6000 and
the establishment of a separate home ior
girls, to be known as "Hearst Cottage."
Tbe number of children at present at
the home is 126.
Ii Dr. Marten Insane?
Dr. Arthur Marten, the erstwhile friend of
Alma Josselyn, is proving a troublesome pris
oner at the County Jail. Uis jailors entertain
the belief that he is insane. Marten's anger
seems to be directed mainly toward Judge
Campbell, and he threatens to blow that gen
tleman's head off as soon as his six months'
term expires. Tne erratic aoctor has aban
doned all hope of giving a $3000 bond to keep
tne peace. Marten was committed to jail for
threatening to kill his ward, Alma Josselyn.
The prison-keepers think the doctor insane.
The Police Tribunal.
The Police Commissioners met last night and
fined Policeman James Coot $ 20 for being late
in reporting on duty on July 4, and Policeman
Dennia Murphy $100 for being* intoxicated
while on duty. A charge of unofflcer-like con
duct against Policeman P. B. Chambers wai
dismissed.
Found Dead in Bed.
George Bradford, a sign painter. 60 years of
ape, was found dead in bed in his room at 9
Fourth street last evening. The Coroner was
notified and the body was taken to the
Morgue.
RUSHING WORK ON
THE FERRY DEPOT,
An Appeal to the State Su
preme Court to Be
Risked.
COLUSA STONE SELECTED
Proprietors of the Oregon Gray
Stone May Carry the
Case Higher.
NEWS FROM THE BLAIRMORE.
Her Hatches Were Taken Off and the
Work of Removing the Ballast
H s Begun.
The Harbor Commissioners decided
yesterday to rush work on the ferry depot.
Colusa stone will be used and the risk of
an appeal to the Supreme Court will be
run. When the contract was originally
let it was understood that Oregon gray
sandstone was to be used. The Commis
sioners later decided to use the California
stone and an injunction was sued out.
Judge Slack ruled in favor of the Commis
sioners, and now it is feared that an ap
peal will be taken to the Supreme Court.
The board held a secret session yesterday,
and on the advice of Tirey L. Ford it was
decided to go ahead and risk the conse
quences.
A great deal of work has been done on
the iron frame of the building, and al
ready tbe north wing is assuming shape.
A dozen heavy girders are in place and
before the week is ended a large portion of
the concrete surface of the foundation will
be shaded by a steel roof.
The launch Amy has just come off the
ways after a thorough overhauling. She
is now in splendid trim, and Henry Peter
son is willing to wager ?500 that she can
outrun any gasoline launch in the bay.
The steam schooner Protection and the
tug Reliance returned from the wreck of
the Colombia yesterday. Neither vessel
brought any wreckage.
Captain Burns expects to have the Blair
more up to-day. Yesterday the men were
at work shoveling out the ballast, and
good progress was made before the tide
came up and necessitated the battening
down of the hatches again. At low water
this morning work will be resumed, and if
the wreckers' hopes are realized the vessel
will be on an even keel at noon.
So far none of the bodies of the drowned
sailors have been recovered and the
chances are that they are buried under
tons of debris. The divers are of the
opinion that the remains were washed out
of the hold and carried out to sea long
before the work of raising the vessel be
gan.
The heavy fog that has prevailed along
the coast for the past few days has delayed
all kinds of shipping. Nothing has made
time outside of the tugboats, and they
come and go at will. Even the coasting
steamers have been behind time, and sail
NEW TO-DAY.
Most everybody spoils
tea by boiling it.
Tea is good to drink.
Tannin is good to tan sole-
leather. If you want your
stomach tanned you can
do it by boiling any kind
of tea, good or bad.
But you can get tannin
cheaper at a drug-store —
as tannin, not as tea.
Directions how to get
the full tea-flavor without
tannin in every package
of Schilling's Best tea.
A. Schilling & Company
San Francisco 830
YEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES,
O .A. I 3ST O !
And Greatest Scentc Railway on Earth!
EVKItY AFTKBS OOX AND EVKNI.NG.
WATCH I-OK THE SEAKCHLIGHT I
For the First Times,
CAPT. BEACH, the ♦•Man Fish,' who Eats
Drinks. Smokes and Sleeps Under Water,
■ And MISS VIOLA SHELDON, Soprano.
Continued Success of
ARAGOX, Queen of Wire Walkers, and thd
- - MARI/O-DUNHAM FAMILY.
Concerts at 2 and 8 P.M. by the RUSSIAN
«Ol i: T - OUCMKBTKA.
' ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Morry-Go-Kound Hide, 5 cents.
I T-xEBT with a big B. Blackwefl'a Genuine Bull^^i f^k
l 1-^ Durham is in a class by itself. Yon will find one |V
I «--' coupon Inside each two ounce bag, and two cou- «t^ ?^W
I pons inside each four ounce bag of ** o
I Genuine Durham B
Smoking Tobacco M w
I Buy a bag of this celebrated tobacco and read the coupon—
I whichgivesalistofvalQablapxesentsandhowtogetthem^^a tgV
: : \\ KEW TO-DAY: ■
__(f "Pretty
/r® pur
' y says
I : Pretty
«^SB» Poll
She's just "poll parroting."
There's no prettiness in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty
is that pretty does." In that
case she's right.
Ayer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
ing vessels are outside by the dozen hope
lessly attempting to make port.
AMATEUR ATHLETICS.
Meeting of the Paeitic Amateur Ath
letic Association.
The Pacific Amateur Athletic Associa
tion of the American Athletic Union met
last night in the Olympic Club to hear the
case of Franfc Rafael, who was refused a
prize by the Acme Athletic Club because
his opponent failed to meet him at tbe
last tournament held In Oakland. The
association concluded after a very lengthy
discussion that Rafael was entitled to the
trophy he had prepared to contest for. but
deiinite action was postponed until next
meeting.
The Acme Club was fined $1 for having
sold tickets outside of the club for its en
tertainment.
NEW TO-LAT- AMUSEMENTS.
%& THEATRE E 1 props.
"A ripping good show."— Examiner.
A GREAT PLAY!
A PERFECT PICTURE t
TO-NIGHT AT 8.
FKED'K WARDE. THE
ROSE COGHiAS 'SPECTACULAR
and - DRAMATIC
L. R. STOCKWEtL'S PRODUCTION
PLAYERS. OF
"CARMEN"
— -SPECIAL!
Owing to the great success of "CAR-
MEN," the run of the big production,
with its great cast, .scenic effects, etc., ■
WILL BE EXTEBED FOR ONE WEEK,
Commencing Next Monday veiling.
OcJlI-*- Hb/ * — -^
f iQLR.<iOTTLQD« o>- uiiMAnDrwrudUi---
BRYAN -j— McKINI(E ? ;
Either One Suits Us If the Crowds Will
Continue to Pour in as Are Doing
at Present to See
THE FRAWLhY COMPANY
"THE CHAJRTtY BALL"
Monday Next — "The Two Escutcheons." Fare-
well appearance of Miss Maxim- Elliott.
SEATS OX SALE TO-DAY.
jTIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
I Sabs. jißstsTisK liiiFi.sN-j. Proprietor & .Uaaa£d:
Season of Italian and English Grand Opera
Under the Direction of Mr. Gustav Hi>'BieH3.
ALSO SATlilllAV EVENING,
Gounod's Tragic Opera
"ROMEO AND JTJXjIET."
.Friday and Saturday Evenings,
. . Verdi's Tragic Opera.
" RiaOLBTTO. » '
, ; V- NEXT WEEK
Monday, Tuesday. Friday and Sunday,
" "MIQNON."
Wednesday and Saturday,
"MARTHA."
Thursday Evening, 2oth Anniversary Gustav
 Hlnrlohs" Directorship.
"I F-A.C3-LiIA.OOI"
AndOrchestraUelections from • H&usel and Gretel"
Popular 3 -25 c and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest, Family Theater In America.
WAX.TKB MOKOSUO. Sola Lensea and Man***;
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Last Week of the Distinguished Comedian,
-JtLE WAIiTKKS - r >:.
In His Great Com- dy-Drama,
"SIDE TRACKED I"
A Veritable Feast of Fun.
Evening Prices— 2so and 50c.
Family < ircl" and Gallery, 10c
Usual Matinee*. Saturday and Sunday;
O'FarreH Street, Between stocfeton and Powell.
WeeK Commencing Monday. July 13.
ENGAUBMENT KXTRAOKDINARY !
MR. JOHN MASON and
- MARION MANOLA MASON,
LES DONATOS.
PROK. FRED MAC ART'S DOG,
MONKEY AND BABOON < I KCUS.
Last Week of the ROSSOW BROS.
29 I — Great Vaudeville Stars 29
.Reserved Seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats. 60c. ■ ______
"jfatw |afc
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
Grand Concert Every Afternoon and
Evening by the Gauloise Band.
NEW SPECIALTIES EVERY WEEK!
GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c : : Children, sc.
78
CALIFORNIA POPULISTS WANT A POPULIST PRESIDENT
AND A POPULIST PLATFORM
OUT FOR CALDWELL
The Arkansas Judge Is
Their Favorite Just at
This Time.
DELEGATIONS LEAVE.
Populists Are Indignant at the
Silver Indorsement of
Bryan.
DEMAND A POPULIST NOMINEE.
To-Day Two Party Delegations Depart
to Take a Hand in the St.
Lou s Game.
This morning the Populist delegation to
the National Convention will leave San
Francisco, and this evening the California
delegation to the silver convention, which
will also meet on July 22 at St. Louis, will
take its departure on the overland train.
California has heretofore sent two dele
gations to the East on different dates, and
here it will send forth two on the same
day, botn of which will cut quite a figure
in not only the politics of California dur
iDg this campaign, but in the politics of
the Nation.
The Populist delegation will leave at 7
o'clock this morning. It may not prop
erly be said to have any head, as it has not
vet elected a chairman, and probably will
iiot do so until it gets to St. Louis, but in
the meantime E. M. Wardall. the chair
man of the State Centrai Committee and
one of the delegates at large, may be taken
to be the head of the delegation. Some
thirty Populists will leave on this even-
t
Judge Henry Clay Caldwell of Arkansas, the Favorite Candidate Among the California Populist
Delegates.
ing's train, without style or brass bands,
and they will sleep during the journey in
second-class tourist-cars.
The silver delegation, which ostensibly
will number forty-five and which will
actually number about thirty, and which
is headed by Georee W. Baker, a member
of the National Committee from California
of the American Bimetallic Union, gene
ral boss of the Pacific Coast silver repre
sentation and special correspondent of
The Call, will leave this evening on the
regular trait; in two special Pullman cars, !
appropriately decorated and emblazoned. ■
The departure of these two delegations j
is attended by two new features. The
California Populists' delegation is not |
centered upon any Presidential candidate; i
it contains but two or three partisans of
W. J. Bryan and its favorite is Judge
Henry Ciay Caldwell of Arkansas,
who is not talked very much about in the j
papers just now, but who is likely to be j
one of the most-talked-about men whose !
names will be telegraphed from St. Louis j
five days from now.
The California Popul'st delegation also j
leaves, strangely enough, at outs with the
California silver delegation. The reason
is that the California silver delegation,
dominated by George W. Baser, has de
rlared in favor of the indorsement of Mr.
Bryan, as has the Nevada silver delega
tion, which is said to be also largely domi
nated by Mr. Baker.
The California Populists are not by any
means in favor ol indorsing Mr. Bryan.
They are not only in favor of an out and
out, true-blue Populists as their Presiden
tial candidate, but they also charge the
Pacific Coast silver delegation with acting
in bad faith.
When, in the latter part of July last, the
committee of seven from the Populist
State Central Committee, of which E. M.
Wardall of California was a member, met,
in Washington, the Senators and others
who formed the American Bimetallic
Union out of the three or four then exist
ing silver organizations, it was tacitly and
honorably agreed among the leaders there
assembled that neither the Populists nor
the silver men should boom any candidate
for the Presidency or otherwise take a
leading part in the campaign until th»
two National conventions should convene
in St. T,ouis. It was well understood that
at those joint conventions conference com
mittees should be appointed, and the
Populists and the independent free-silver
men should endeavor to agree upon a
platform and a candidate.
This tacit agreement has been kept by a
part but not all of tne leading men of both
parties. The indorsement of Bryan by the
silver delegation from California the other
night was a distinct violation of this
agreement; so was the silver indorsement
of Bryan by the Nevada delegation.
This makes the Populist delegation feel
sore. The Caliiornia Populist delegation
is not for Bryan, and while it recognizes
the fact that the California silver delega
tion was not wholly bound by the confer
ence of the silver leaders in Washington,
still the Populists feel that in indorsing
Bryan the agreement has been violated
and an estrangement has resulted.
The unit rule has not yet been declared
to be in force in the California Populist
delegation, but it may be ordered before
the delegation reaches St. Louis. The
Populist National delegation is not torn
by intense partisans of anybody. In it are
many friends oi Teller, the majority of
whom would supp6rt Mr. Teller for the
Presidential nomination if he would come
out and declare himself a Populist.
The Populists, however, insist upon the
nomination of a Populist. Bryan they do
not trust very much as a rule.
Judge Caldwell is at this particular hour
the favorite of the California delegation.
The delegation leaves San Francisco
bound by no unit rule, uninstructed by
anybody, divided as to preferences and
ready to voto for the man who may seem
the most available one when the parly
representatives convene next week.
btill, their favorite is Judge Henry Clay
Caldwell of Arkansas. This man was
much and seriously talked about during
the early conferences of the Populists and
Silverites. He is the sort of a man that
the majority of the Populists are looking
for. He was born in Virginia, was reared
in lowa, and in 1860 became a volunteer
officer in the Rebellion. In 1864 he was
appointed a District Judge in Arkansas by
Abraham Lincoln. In 1890 be was ap
pointed Circuit Judge for the Eighth Cir
cuit of the United States Court of Ap
peals, which includes ten States west of
the Mississippi River. His decisions in
corporation cases have especially en
deared him to the Populist party.
Opinions are not freely expressed for
publication by leaders in the Populist
deleeation, but Mr. Caldwell is unques
tionably the favorite, if there is one. One
may hear the California delegates talk
nicely about Peffer, Allen, Holcorob,
Jud^e Hines of Georgia, Page of Virginia,
n-Con^ressman Thomas Watson of
Georgia, E. V. Debs and two or three oth
ers, and one may easily hear a great deal
that is favorable to Teller, but when one
has talked with a number of the California
Populist delegation, he makes up his mind
that the delegation will do something or
other that wlll| depend upon circum
stances which will be set forth at the con
vention.
"There is a positive opinion in the dele
gation," said John B. Dore yesterday, "in
favor of, the nomination of an out and out
Populist. And we want some Populist
who has been hatched long enough to
have bis pinfeathers showing. We are as
far from one of the old parties as from the
other."
Chairman Wardal! will say little that is
definite about what the delegation will do
but intimates that Mr. Caldwell would
win the confidence of both the laboring
and the capitalistic classes.
So the California Populist delegation
leaves this morning without pomp and
without style to cast twenty-nine votes in
a National convention which has great
National significance, and it leaves with
Judge Caldwell of Arkansas as its favorite,
but ready to plump the twenty-nine votes
for something or other that may be drawn
from the lottery that is just ahead.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
There will not, however, be more than
three votes for W. J. Bryan.
While the Populists will not discuss for
publication the possibilities of. a fusion
.vith the Democrats it i? made very evi
dent that if Bryan be indorsed at St.
Louis the Populists will demand in turn a
very large share of the Congressional
plums throughout the Nation. They may
be willing to let Bryan have the Wnite
House and all that goes with it if he can
get it, but their price will be tQe law
making power. It will be hard and in
fact practically impossible for National
party authorities to carry out any deal
which might here and there give the Con
gressional elections to the Populists as far
as the Democrats are concerned, because
State and district influences will be apt to
act independently.
So the smallness of the chance of a
fusion between the Democrats and Popu
lists is thereby seen to be still more
remote.
The silver delegation, which will leave
to-night on tho first-class overland train,
will have a little more style, monexr and
possibly clean shaves about it than may
be observed in the Populist special cars
which leave in the morning.
There may or may not be much news of
great importance floatine backward from
the silver delegation on its trip to St.
Loui-, and when it reachas St. Louis it is
possible that the silver convention will do
nothing more than ratify the nomination
of W. J. Bryan and thereby cast into outer
darkness a large proportion of the strength
that now belongs to this inchoate move
ment.
CAN PROVE AN ALIBI.
John Snmmcrs Grocer, Charged With
Threats to Kill by F. J. Gordon,
Saloon- X eeper.
P. J. Gordon, saloon-keeper, 1633 Market
street, swore to a complaint in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday charging
John Sommers, grocer, Brady street, with
threats to kill.
He said that Sommars went into his
saloon about 8 o'clock yesterday morning
and startled him by telling him that if he
turned out with the Bryan Political Club
of the Thirty-seventh Assembly District
he would kill him.
Sommers was arrested and booked at
the City Prison, but was released on
bonds. He denied making any threat to
kill Gordon or speaking to him about turn
ing out with any political club.
"Why," said Sommers, "I haven't been
inside Gordon's saloon for months and I
can easily prove that I was certainly not
there this morning. He must be dream
| ing. lam a witness in a case of robbery
against John Kehoe, a friend of Gordon's,
and perhaps he has done this to get even
I with me. I saw him in Judge Conlan's
court on Monday and this morning, but I
did not speak to him nor be to me.
MARGARET MURRAY'S ESTATE.
Charles Connell Claim* That His Step
father la Appropriating; It.
Charles Connell of Sonoma County yes»
terday filed a contest to the will of Mar
garet Murray, who died June 29, 1896,
leaving property, mostly money in bank,
valued at $4323. Dennis Murray, husband
of the deceased, tiled the documents for
probate and petitioned for letters of ad
ministration.
Connell is a son of Mrs. Murray's first
husband and objects to his stepfather
being appointed administrator, because of
the latter' s age and physical condition.
Murray is 80 years old and the complaint
recites that he is consequently possessed
of poor judgment, helples?, senile and in
competent Connell. who is 48 years of
age, asks that he be given charge of the
estate. It is also charged that Murray
retained $2300 of his wife's estate and ap
propriated it to his own use when the
estate was appraised.
The other heir? are Mary O'Brien, Le
nora McKeon and Gertrude. Nellie and
May Gould, the first two being daughters
and the others grandchildren of Mrs. Mar
ray. All reside in San Francisco.
BRYAN MUST YIELD
If Not, California Populists
Will Knife Him at
St. Louis.
A PROPOSED PLATFORM.
It Will Be Submitted for Adop
tion at tbe St. Louis Con
vention.
ITS PEOMINEKT FEATURES.
Dr. 6 W. Day wait, One of the Dele
gation, Speaks of the Chances
of Fusion-
For some time the leading members of the
Populist party in California have been at
work preparing what is termed "A pro
posed National platform of the People's
party."
The intention is for the same to be
carried to St. Louis by the California
delegation and there to be submitted to the
National Convention.
Much pains has been taken by the per
sons to whom the duty of drafting this
platform was assigned. It is as concise in
form as the authors deem compatible with
force and clearness.
The rongh draft was first made by Taylor
Rogers, who afterward pruned and revised
the original document. In this revision
he was assisted by Dr. G. W. Day wait, one
of the California delegation, and E. M.
Wardall, chairman of the Populist State
Central Committee.
The most prominent features of the
proposed National platform, and those on
whicn the greatest stress is laid, are the
questions of finance, transportation, land
and direct legislation. Questions regarded
as important but not so urgent of im
mediate adoption are civil service, cor
porate monopoJies, income tax, tariff,
election of President and Senators, pen
sions, Monroe doctrine, issuance of Gov
ernment bonds, funding bill, immigration,
Cuban independence, woman suffrage and
continuance of settled policies. At the
last the author makes a strong plea to his
fellow-countrymen to study well the pro
posed platform and take heed unto the
present condition of National affairs.
In full the proposed platform is as
follows:
The People's party of the United State*, rep
resented in National Convention at St. Louis,
Missouri, on the 22d day of July, 1896. hereby
proclaims these as its principles upon finance,
transportation, land and direct legislation,
and it promises to enact them Into "laws im
mediately upon it* accession to power:
FINANCE.
First— l. We demand a National money .issned
directly by the General Government only, as a
fall legal tender for all debts, and issued with
out the agency of any private corporation or
bank, and in circulating volume subject to law
and responsive to our needs, ana speedily to
be increased to $50 per capita of the entire
people.
Such money shall consist of cold, silver and
paper, each dollar thereof endowed with the
same function, imparted solely by the stamp
thereon and not dependent for its money value
upon the price of the material used. Each dol
lar shall be interchangeable with bat not re
deemable in the other, and shall be denomi
nated respectively gold, silver or paper money
—all National debts being payable in either at
the option of the Government.
2. as the United States is a free and power
ful Nation, and the financial and industrial
liberty of its citizens should be independent of
the action of any other Government, we de
mand the free and unlimited coinage ot gold
and silver by the United States at their present
legal ratio of 16 to 1, without reference to the
course of any foreign nation.
3. We demand that all National banks be
abolished, and in lieu of them that the Gov
ernment establish a postal bank in each city,
town and village of the United SUtes contain
ing a population of 1000 or more.
These banks shall receive deposits of money
from tha people for safe-keeping.
Through them the Government shall trans
mi i money from place to place by the medium
of postal exchange, issued and secured by Na
tional authority.
4. Being opposed to all interest bonas, we
demand that Congress authorize the Govern
ment to loan money to municipal corporations,
or counties containing a population of 5000 or
more in the various States, for the purpose of
public improvement only, and not to exceed
in amount one-third of the asessed valuation
of the taxable property in each municipality
or county.
The sum charged to be prepaid shall not
exceed the actual cost of issuing the loan, and
all loans so made shall be repaid in install
ments, each installment not to exceed 4 per
cent of the sum borrowed.
The gross sum so loaned to municipalities and
counties by the Nation shall not at anytime
exceed thewmountof $40 per capita of the
entire population of the United States.
5. We demand that Congress declare that all
contracts and judgments requiring the pay
ment of money shall be payable at the option
of the aebtor in any lawful money of the
United States.
Such law shall declare void every provision
inserted in any such contract^ or judgment
which requires payment thereunder in any
specified coin.
TRANSPORTATION.
Second— l. We demand that th* National
Government own and operate the railroads for
the benefit of the people, and to accomplish
that purpose a department of transportation
shall be organized, and through it the Govern
ment shall acquire or build a system of rail
roads commensurate with the public needs.
2. We demand that the Government shall
own and operate the telegraphs and telephones
of the country as a part of the postal system.
LAND.
Third— l. Land, air, water and sunshine are
the requisites of all human life and the nat
| ural sources of all our wealth, and being ore
; ated by no man are intended by God as gifts
; for all, and henc* they should not be held for
; speculative purposes. Thereiore, in order to
decrease ana finally destroy land monopoly,
we demand that land held in private owner
ship shall b« classified, and the owner thereof
be compelled to pay a graduated tax rated
upon the value of tne holding.
2. All lanas now held by railroads or other
; corporations in excess of their actual needs
I and all lands now owned by aliens shall be re
: Claimed by the Government upon just recom
pense and held only for actual settlers, alien
ownership being prohibited.
DIRECT LEGISLATION.
Fourth— The peopie have the right 10 de
clare their will on all domestic policies of the
Government or upon all treaties with foreign
nations, and therefore we demand that the
>ational constitution be »o amended as to
provide for action therein by direct legisla
tion.
RKBOLT7TIONS.
We, the People's party, express our views
?i?°V,, Questions and policies embraced in
the following resolutions, but do not regard
them so urgent for immediate adoption as wo
ao our fundamental principles on finance,
transportation, land and direct legislation, as
above stated.
Upon all the subjects named in these resolu
tions we will act as early as expediency may
CIVIL SERVICE.
1. We believe that in each and all of the de
partment* of the Government a civil service
system should be at once adopted, thereby
mak'ng the appointment to any Federal em
ployment, save in the heads of such depart
ment-, depend upon fitness and good charac
ter, and continuing the tenure thereof upon
the same term;:.
CORPORATE MONOPOLIES.
2. In order to abolish the evils of corporate
monopolies now used for private profit we de
clare that every enterprise, in the form of a
public utility which requires the aid of the
sovtreign power of eminent domain or taxa
tion thouid be owned by the Government or
State or city affected and operated by it for
the benefit of all the people.
INCOME TAX.
3. Under our present system the greater part
of the idle and interest-bearing wealth of the
country escapes a just taxation, and we there
fore believe in an amendment of the constitu
tion which shall give to Congress the power to
enact a law levying a graduated tax on the in
comes of all persons residing or corporations
operating in the United States.
TARIFF.
4. In view of the constant agitation of the
questions involved in tariff legislation and the
unsettled condition of business arising there
from, aud until a more direct, cheaper and
just system shall be devised for raising
National revenues, we believe that Congress
should create a non-partisan tariff tribunal
with its members selected from the different
States and annually reporting its action to
Congress for general information.
That within sixty days after the final
passage of the general appropriations by Con
gress such tribunal shall fix the rates of duty
to be collected upon imports and determine
the goods subject thereto to as to raise the
amount of money required to pay the annual
appropriations so authorized and yearly to pay
one-twentieth of the National debt.
All tariffs shall be so framed by the tribunal
ana enforced so as to prevent the formation of
combinations which, for their own profit, re
duce the wages of labor and enhance the prices
of products.
Protection to American citizens in general
and not to any class or section shall be a car
dinal rule in me selection of the subjects of
duty and the rates imposed.
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT AND SENATORS, ETC.
5. The fundamental principle of oar Gov
ernment is that its powers are derived from
the consent of the governed, and therefore we
believe that the* constitution of the United
states should be so amended that the Presi
dent and Vice-President sha.l be elected by a
direct vote of the whole people, and that each
Federal Senator be elected by the direct vote
of the people of his State.
We further favor an amendment that, if a
proposed general law of Congress shall be
vetoed by the President or declared invalid by
the Supreme Court it shall then be submitted
to a popular vote and, if approved, it shall be
come a law.
PENSIONS.
6. We are In favor of granting liberal pen
sions to all ex-Union soldiers and sailors who
were in active service in the war of the Rebel
lion and who were disabled therein or have
since become so by sickness or old age.
MONROE DOCTRINE.
7. The Monroe doctrine should be main
tained as the permanent policy of the Govern
ment, and it should be so enforced that no Eu
ropean, Asiatic or other foreign power can
hereafter acquire any territory in North or
South America.
In consonance with this idea our Govern
ment should proceed at once to build the Ni
caragua canal, and own and operate it for the
peopie, and to the exclusion of every private
person or corporation.
ISSUANCE OF GOVERNMENT RONDS.
8. We denounce as unconstitutional in law,
and ns unjust in morals, the acts of the ad
ministration in issuing bonds, whereby, in
times of peace, there has been added to the
National debt, in principal and interest, many
millions of dollars.
To prevent further action in this direction
we believe that Congress should prohibit the
Secretary of the Treasury trom issuing any
bonds of the United States, except when ex
pressly so authorized by a law fixing the
amount and purpose thereof.
FUNDING BILL.
9. We are uncompromisingly opposed to
any legislation which proposes to give to the
Pacific railroad corporations ati extension of
time in which to pay to the Government the
debts due from them, and eacb of them; and
we hereby denounce as vicious the act Known
as the Pacific railroad fundinar bill.
The-Government should enforce on maturity
the collection of all debts, principal and in
terest, due it from these companies.
IMMIGRATION.
10. Congress should exclude all foreign
immigration which directly or indirectly com
petes with the American laborer; and in order
to accomplish this we are in favor of a law re
quiring an educational qualification in all
immigrants and levvinga per capita tax on
them, payable to the Federal treasury.
CUBAN INDEPENDENCE.
11. Our sympathy is due to the struggling
patriots of Cuba, and we believe that our
Government should extend to them belligerent
rights.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
12. The right to vote ought to be based
upon intelligence, without regard to sex, and
hence we believe that the elective franchise
should be granted to women on like terms as
to men.
CONTINUANCE OF SETTLED POLICIES.
13. We firmly believe that as the right of
Three Populists Who Drafted the Platform That Will Be Submitted to the Natio nal Convention at
St. Louis by the California Delegation.
self-preservation belongs to the Nation, it may
control or stop immigration; that the public
school system should be generously supported
and extended, so th.it no citizen can remain
ignorant; that taxation should be limited
solely to public uses and never devoted to sec
tarian purposes, and that to preserve the natu
ral right of every citizen to the free exercise
of his religion the church and the state should
be kept forever separate.
Fellow-citizens, hear us : Beneath the stars
and stripes our land proudly stands, with its
resources unmeasured, capable of supporting
in abundance the whole human race of fifteen
hundred mill'ons of people.
In contrast with this possible plenty you
find poverty and misery everywhere and our
70,000,000 of population, figuratively, iv the
ashes of desolation.
Beneath that same banner there are 15,000,
-000 laborers endowed with every capacity
and skill and furnished with marvelous ma
chinery, thus under just conditions equal to
providing food, clothing, comfort and educa
tion in fullness for all.
In contrast with this happiness, naturally
born of equality and justice, you find an in
solent moneyed' plutocracy, a law-breaking
railroad syndicate and a domineering land
monopoly which are debauching all public
service, and swiftly reducing our once free
yeomanry to serfdom and vagabondage.
What are the causes of this poverty and
criminality?
There can be but one answer.
Our laws bring these criminal discrimina
tions and soul-crushing burdens.
These are the statutes and policies of the
mew TO-DAT~PRT-GOOD9. ',-.-,- ■*, :---._-----------
SPECIAL CLOSI SALE
Ol* '
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR!
In connection with the many other bargains of our GREAT
JULY SACRIFICE SALE we will hold a Special Closing-Out Sale ol
the following STYLISH AND SEASONABLE LINES
AT GIGANTIC REDUCTIONS !
i [ ■ '
, .
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS!
H|^^^^^H^9B^- £ - ■'•'■■■"" '
-A-t 8O Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundered collar and cuffs, in fancy checks and stripes,
. will be closed out at 30c each.
.A.t 33 Cents.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, regular price 76c,
will be closed out at 35c each.
jAJt SO Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in heavy percales, stripes and checks, bishop sleeves, reg
alar price $1, will be closed out at 50c each. '
-A.* 75 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in all fancy shades, bishop sleeves, made of good percale,
regular price *1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
At &I.SO.
LADIES' SILK WAISTS, in light shades, lined all through, regular price $5. will be
closed out at $1 50 each.
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR 1
jffk.t 2S Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, made of heavy muslin, finished with tucks and em-
broidery, will be closed out at 25c each.
j*L.t 36 Cents.
LADIES' GOWNS, made of good quality muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, will be
closed oat at 35c each.
.A.* 33 Cents.
LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, yoke of embroidery, neck and sleeves
finished with edging, regular price 60c, will be closed out at 35c each.
-A.t 75 Cents.
LADIES' MUSLIN SKIRTS, yoke band, made of Wamsutta muslin, finished with
ruffle of embroidery, regular price $1 50, will be closed out at 75c each.
— — : — : -'•
g mfßr^^ MURPHY BUILDIHQv /
(/(/ Ml%\ street corner of km, /
BAN PRAKTOIfIOO.
Republican and Democratic parties— the in on
omen's of their infamy.
Then, oh, suffering countrymen, in the
name of an ancestry that broke the kingly en
thrallment of twenty centuries, to give us this
Republic; in the r.eme of our civilization
which is imperiled; in the name of God who
planted in our souls the Ideals of liberty we
call upon you to join us at the polls for the re
peal of these vicious laws.
Obeying the moral and economic command
'•Love thy neighbor as thyself,- and inspired
by justice, mercy and fraternity, let us replace
form 6 infamieß wlth the Principles of this plat-
Jlfhi 11 ".? the f e P rlnc »P le «.enactea into laws,
will bring happiness to our weary toilers the
year of jubilee to our vow mortgaged homes
purity in public office, and honor and exalted
greatness to our beloved country exa «ed
When this consummation shall have come
then every American citizen can possess £nd
enjoy the threefold attributes of liberty •
jt The right to think unrestrained by author-
The right to govern himself
The right to keeo all that his own labor ere-
»I£a : Day wait ; was seen last evening and
asked to , state his Views on the course
dei e l y at^n b ° trar » ue * by ' the California
delegation as regards indorsing Bryan.
«r ®«?°? ulißts;o t this State," he re-
Plied, : "feel very- kindly toward Air.*
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Bryan, and if he will indorse their plat
form—that is, the clauses which are its
distinctive features and ive vitality to
it— there is very slight doubt but that he
will be heartily indorsed.
"My reasons for this statement are, that
while the Democrats are for the free coin
age of silver— what the People's party has
been continually advocating— yet that ii
only one of their demands.
"We demand that the Government come
into competition with the banks to fur
nish the people a circulating medium by
loaning money to municipalities upon
non-interest-bearing bonds, redeemable
by taxation. We further d-mand the
Government ownership of railroads, tele
graph and telephone lines.
"These things the Democratic nomine*
absolutely must indorse ere he can hope
to receive the support of the Populists."
When asked if he thought there was
any likelihood of Bryan subscribing to the
foregoing Dr. Davwalt merely laughed
quietly and then took on an owlish ex
pression of countenance.
"I cannot answer that," was his answer:
"but one thing is certain — either he will
do so or he will find a Populist nominee
in the field."BANKS COMPLAIN
OF ASSESSMENTS,
Claim Their Property Has
Been Too Highly
Valued.
BUSINESS WILL SUFFER,
For Banks Will Have to Get
the Extra Taxes Out of
the People.
DUNN'S INTERESTING FIGURES
Show a Wonderful Deficiency in the
Assessments of the Large
Corporations.
The Supervisors met yesterday morning
•s a Board of Equalization, with Taylor in
the chair. There were present also, King,
Benjamin, Scully, Morgenstern, Dimond,
"Wagner, Hughes and Dunker.
Representatives from the local banks
told their tales of woe to the board and
prayed for reductions in their assessments.
Various pleas were — the money as
sessed was out of the State, or if it was
in the banks ft belonged to somebody
«lse. The absurdity of supposing that the
taxpayers will ultimately benefit to any
extent by raising the assessments of the
banks was unwittingly shown by one of
the bank representatives when toe declared
that? the banks would have to make good i
the extra taxes tney had to pay by charg
ing the people higher interest.
The Mutual Electric Light Company |
petitioned to have the $50,000 for franchise
Assessed against it stricken from the roll
on the ground that the company actually
had no franchise or special privileges,
having been formed regularly under the
laws of the State.
The assessment of the Market-street
Railway Company was to have come up
for consideration, but no representative of
the company was present, owing to Clerk
Russell's failure to notify the corporation.
Andy Clunie, who wants the company's
assessment raised from $4,000,000 to $13 -
000,000, was all ready.
Thomas I. Bergin appeared before the
board to ask that $1,434,257 be stricken
from the Nevada Bank's assessment of
$2,030,616 on the. ground that the property j
in question was not in this State on the j
first Monday in March, 1896, but was in
"Wisconsin and Illinois.
The protest of the California Safe De
posit and Trust Company was next taken
up. Attorney Booth, representing the com
pany, claimed that the assessment of the
company's vaults as personal property for
$50,000 was illegal because the vaults were
a part of the building. Moreover, $91,906
of the total assessment of $469,701 was out
of me State on the first Monday in March,
deposited in various Eastern banks.
William S. Woods, representing the
' Crocker - Woolworth National Bank,
wanted the bank's entire personal prop
erty assessment stricken out because it -
was assessed to the bank and not to the
shareholders."
Sidney V. Smith, appearing in behalf of
the Bank of British Columbia, wished the
bank's assessment of $2,155,250 to be re
duced by $1,475,760, which the bank owed
to bona fide residents of the State. A
large portion of the money assessed,
Smith declared, was money belonging to
other branches of the banks and merely
happened to be in the bank for a few days
at the time of assessment. The money,
not being used by the bank, should, he
argued, not be taxed.
Incidentally Mr. Smith made a protest
against the raising of the assessments of
the banks of the City. If the present high
assessments are allowed to stand, he de
clared, a number of the banks will have to
suspend. "Besides," he said, '-it will in
iure the people, for. of course, when the
banks have to pay more taxes they must
pet their money back from the people.
The business community is, therefore, in
danger. '
A strong delegation from the Pacific
Coast Savings Society appeared to protest
against an assessment of $65,000, which
they did not have, and which, even if they
did have it, they would owe to their de
positors. The corporation was practically
a building and loan association, and .the
excessive assessment would work a great
hardship. Vincent Neale and Wendell
Easton both declared that the original
statement they had riled was true and
just, and wished to have it left unchanged.
'he matter was taken under advisement.
This afternoon at 1 o'clock the protests
of some sixty or seventy small property
owners will be beard, and on Friday sev
eral other banks will be given a hearing.
Attorney^ will argue for the raising
of the railroad company's assessment on
Saturday morning at 11, and in the after
noon the Grand Jury's report on the As
sessor's valuations" will be considered.
Owing to -the rush of business the board
■will be unable to complete Its labors this
week, so a resolution was passed yesterday
requesting of the State Board twenty days'
additional time in which to hear protests.
Foreman Maskey of the Grand Jury has 1
submitted the following interesting com
munication to the Board of Equalizers in
regard to the assessments made by Mr.
Biebe: • \ . . .
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors, act
ing as the Board of Equalization, in the City and
County of Han Francisco — Gentlemen.: The
Grand Jury of the City and County of San
Francisco, having made investigation in the
matter of the assessments of the property of
some of the principal corporations doing busi
ness in this City, herewith most respectfully
present to you the report of the same. .
Mem.— property shall be assessed for its
full cash value, or what it would be taken in
exchange for a solvent debt.*'
This must be the valuation on the first Mon
day in March. Value can be arrived at by evi
dence; that is to say, market value obtainable
by noting the latest sales, rents, incomes and
other indications of value applied to all prop
erty.
I lAs to real estate we find In San Francisco and
other counties of the State the assessors have
most generally arrived at value in the way
specified above, and we presume to cover the
contingency of forced sales which foreclosure
or forced exchange create have adopted a rule
which they follow after all of the above evi
dence has been obtained of assessing property
for 50 or 60 per cent. r ■ ."«■'. .. ,
This rule when general works equally for all
and is just in consequence ana seems to follow
the law as strictly as required because the ex
perience of real estate buyers and sellers at
the time of present consideration— viz. March
2, 1890— will not uphold a price above 50 or 60
per cent forced realization.
We cannot, therefore, discover any injustice
to any citizen in a general adaptation of this
rule, which custom has made, and we believe
law would equitably uphold, and it is assess
ing property nearly as practical for Its full
value or what it would be ' taken in exchange
for a solvent debt. • • .
Corporations — Their saleable conditions
being about the same, we see no reason
in not following the above rule in
arriving at their proper valuation. Take as
evidence the market value of the stock on the
first Monday of \ March. 'Add the market of
bond*, if any are issued, ; 50 per cent of the
total being the assessable value- of the.; com
pany, as the law directs, this kind of property
must be assessed separately as personal prop
erty and real estate, the remainder being the
vaiue of the franchise. By comparing Mr.
sieDe a estimate with the accompanying mem
oranaa, it will be seen that in assessing corpora
v tV fl e has not followed the above rule,
ill 1 vlBv 18 ma<le a class assessment not equal, as
the burden of taxation would rest unduly
upon the taxable property. Resperrully sub
mitted. Fka>k Maskey,
_ _ Foreman Grand Jury.
fean Francisco, July 15, ig96.
The following figures constitute the
memoranda referred to in Foreman
Ma?key s letter, and have been obtained
after exhaustive research by Horace P.
Dunn, the expert employed by the Grand
Jury. The corresponding figures in each
column show respectively the valuations
as juven by the Assessor and as determined
by taking merely 50 per cent of the value
of the property as shown by the stock and
bonds. In nearly every case it will be seen
the assessed value is far below even one
half of the value on the stock and bonds:
BYVOMOk
60 Cent
Value, of
stock and Assessed.
Bonds.
Francisco Company
Company Railway
works
Eleolrio Company ,
Company
Gas Improvement
California , Company
Company v
(
Cable Company
$3.76H.000 $3.495,8«9 9,«0V?.15(>() 6.407,
0.0(52.600 5,407,805 H,M2,H7fl 4.406.6.54
8,84-2,875 4,405,654 1,^37.500 1.102.648
1,237.600 1,102,640 3,246.187 1.07«,670
090.000 098,51)6 63.'>,0U0 446,426
3.246,187 1.07«,670 800.00O 41,470
706,000 4SAU6S 1,24.\00O 628,110
635,000 440,426 (18,063,2681
980,000 41,470 1.24.\000 628,110 .
$18,063,208 $29,354,062
Totals I
RECAPITULATION.
Fifty per cent valuation stock and bonds $:"
Amounts as assessed 1
9.354 062
1,290,7»4
Deficiency of assessments $1
.91
ASSESSMENTS OP REAL AND PEUSONAIi PROPERTY, 1896-97.
A more itemized account of the assess
j ments) of some of the larger corporations
| is given in the following tables:
MARKKT-STKKKT UAH. WAY COM Y.
I Valuation first Monday of March. 1890—
| 187,500 shares of stock at *46 f 8.625.000
! $3,000,000 bonds, 6's (original), at f 123. 3,690.000
$3,500,000 bonds, s's (new), at $106 3,710,000
Outstanding bonds —
Omnibus Cable Kai1r0ad... .52,000,000
Ferries and Cliff House tfOO.OOO
Powell-street 700,000— 3,300,000
Total value of stocks and bonds. ..s 19.326,000
60 per cent of value of stocks and
bonds... 9,662,500
Assessed valuation of real and personal
property 6,407,305
$14,255,195
SAN FBAXCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Saleable val nation of bonds on first Monday In
March, 1896—
100,000 shares of stock, at $75 $7,500,000
60 per cent valuation of stock $3,750,000
Amount assessed 3,495,899
Deficiency of assessment ......$ 254,101
SFBING VALLEY WATBB WOBKS.
Valuation first Monday in March, 1896 —
123.000 shares of stock a. $99 $12,177,000
$4,975,000 bonds (6's) at $119 .;. 5,920,250
' $5,000,000 bonds (s's) at $99 62 Vi ■ . • • 4,968,500
Total stockss and bonds :.-..-. $23,065,760
Value of stocks and bonds $23,065,700 j
Doubled value of real estate and per- :
' ' sonal property in other counties 5,380,000
- Net valuation of stock and b0nd5. 685,750
50 per cent value of stock and bonds. . $8,842,875
Assessed valuation of real estate and
personal property i 4,405,634
Deficiency of assessment. $4,437,341
EDISON KLKCTRIC LIGHT AND POWEK COMPANY.
Valuation first Monday in March, 1896—
20,000 shares stock at $97 75,.,, : $1,-950.000
$500,000 bonds at $105 625,000
Total $2,475,000
60 per cent of value of stock and bonds : $1,237,500
Assessed value of real estate and per
sonal property ;..... 1,102,645
Deficiency of assessment.. $134,855
PACIFIC TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH COMPANY.
Valuation first Monday in March, 1896— -
33,000 shares stock at $60.... $1,980,000
50 per cent valuation of same ;■ $990,000
Assessed valuation of real and per
sonal pr0perty.^. ...;............ 998,555
PACIFIC GAS IMPROVEMENT COMPANY. ' |
Valuation first. Monday in March, 1896— - ' '. ■
! 31,750 shares stock: at $78 50 $2,492,375
I 50 per cent valuation of stocks and" ~
bonds.... .'.:.... $1,246,187
Assessed valuation of real estate and ... v
personal property 1,076,670
Deficiency of assessment...... i'.,.'. ' $169,517
CALIFORNIA-STBKET CABLE RAILWAY COMPANY.
Valuation first Monday in March, 1886— ' '
10.000 shares stock at $60 $600,000
$900,000 bonds at $110 990!0.'U
Total $1,590,000
' • ' ' ' ■••■•■ ■•:.... '
60 per cent valuation of stock and • -
bonds ......:■..... $795,000
Assessed valuation of real .estate and -
personal property 462,655
■ Deficiency of assessment $332,345
. BEABY-BIEEET, PARK AND OCEAN RAILWAY
COMPANY. .
Valuation first Monday In March, 1896—
10,000 shares stock at $60 $600,000
$671,000 bonds a: $100 671.000
Total $1,271,000
50 per cent valuation of stock* and
b00d5..... .• : ' $635,000
Assessed valuation of real and per
sonal property. ... '.: 446.425
Deficiency of assessment $188,575
CENTRAL GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Valuation first Monday in March, 1896—
20,000 shares stock at $93 $1,900,000
60 per cent valuation of stock ~ $950,000
■Assessed valuation of real estate ; 41,470
- Deficiency of assessment.....:. ... .$008,530
BCTTER-fiTBEET CABLE RAILROAD COMPANY.
, Valuation first Monday in March, 1896—
20,000 shares stock at $75 $1,600,000
$900,000 bonds at $110 990,000
- '.['- TOUT. _ ......; .: $2,490.000
. 50 per cent valuation of stocks and
.. bonds $1,245,000
'Assessed valuation of real estate and .
personal pr0perty.......... ....... 626.110
'Deficiency of assessment.'.... $618,890
' Some interesting disclosures are ex
pected on Saturday morning, when the
I Market-street Company's assessment will
come up for consideration. Quite a num
ber of items, or rather omissions of items,
will probable be inquired into. For in
stance, the Market-street 1 Company failed
to include in its assessment list any cables,
which other roads are assessed for at the
rate of $2500 apiece. This and many
other similar matters will probably be
thoroughly investigated.
The following; self-explanatory commu
nication, while not pertinent to the ques
tion of assessments, may prove of interest
to those who are curious to know some
thing of the managements the County
Clerk's office: , :
. July 14, 1890.
To Hon. C. F. Curry, County Clerk of the City
and County of San Francisco— Sir: The
Grand Jury of the City and County of San
Francisco on this date passed the following
resolutions and directed Its secretary to com
municate with and request an immediate an
swer from you as to your disposition to comply
with its suggestions: ,;•,•;,. ,
Resolved, That in the opinion of the Grand
Jury, based upon careful examination of ex
perts and records, the business of the County
Clerks office can be conducted to the.en tire
satisfaction of the public for a sum not to ex
ceed $7000 per month. . . ,-.-.
Resolved, That the Grand Jury, in its capac
ity as such and as the representative of the
taxpayers, suggests to County Clerk Curry that
he immediately take such steps as will reduce
the expenses of his office to the above point, in
keeping with the times, the rights of taxpayers
and the desires of electors. . Respectfully Sub
mitted, - v F. R. McLennan, Secretary.
Mining Company Dissolved.
The Blue Bell Consolidated Mining Company
applied to the Superior Court for an order dis
solving the corporation. It is said that all
claims and demands against the company have
been discharged and its business affairs settled.
Judge Hebbard issued the order.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY IG, 1896.
CHINATOWN IS TO
BE FUMIGATED,
The Board of Health Has
Taken the Matter Up
in Earnest.
DOCTORS ARE KORRIFED.
Fire and Police Departments
and Chinese Consul to
Co-operate.
MANY DISEASED DAIEY COWS.
More Tban Half of the Swiss-Alpine
Milk Ranch Herd Aie to Re
Killed.
The Board of Health has decided) from
its inspection of Chinatown a few days
ago, that that quarter is in need of
a thorough and immediate cleaning and
fumigation if the public health is to be
preserved and the danger of some terrible
epidemic entirely obviated.
The quarter was in better condition
when the members of the board visited
it than it ever was before or since, owing
to the fact that an inspection was ex
pected, but even at that the officials saw
enough to horrify them and produce a
feeling of fear for the public safety.
The matter came up at a meeting of the
board yesterday and Dr. Lovelace made a
strong plea lor the immediate attention of
the board. He stated that it would re
quire the co-operation of the police and
lire departments as well as the Chinese
Consul to make the cleaning thorough
and asked permission of the board to ad
dress them on the subject. He was author
ized to send tne following communica
tion:
Ban Francisco, July 15. 189 G.
Dennis Sulliran Esq., Chief of the Fire Depart
ment, San Francisco, Cal.— Dear Sir: Tbe Board
of Health of this City desires the co-operation
of the Police and Fire Departments in the
abatement of the nuisance in "Chinatown,"
so called, that at this season of the year
threatens to engender contagious diseases, and
■with this view desires a conference at tbe
office of the Board of Health in the New City
Hall with yourself, the Chief of- Police and the
Chinese Consul at the earliest opportunity.
Yours very truiv, A. S. Lovelack, M.D.,
Health Officer.
Copies were sent to the Chief of Police
and Chinese Consul and a conference will
be held at an early date. He was also
authorized to send the following com
munication to the Spring Valley Water
Company :
San Francisco, July 14. 1896.
To the Board of Directors <>f the Sp,ing Valley
Water Company— Dear Sirs: Tue summer
season, as you know, is the period when there
is the greatest danger to the residents of this
City from diseases originating in the foul con
dition of our sewers.
There are a few points in such sewers spe
cially apt to breed such contagious and epi
demic diseases, and as the Board of Health
has no appropriation for flushing sewers, and
as the citizens are now suffering from a long
continued financial and business depression,
aud the situation is one in which those inter
ested in the City's welfare should aid our
efforts to safeguard the public health, we have
made bold to ask of your company a contri- '
bution of water sufficient for this purpose dur- i
-^-u-^-^-^-^^-^ - NEW TO-DAT.
Lusty Manhood.
* *-* * - ' ■*. * * ■
Oh for the days of old when men lived nearer to nature; when men
were men !
•n .We have civilization and we've gained much— but we have also lost
" much! ... .
Dr. Sweeney, the great specialist, is doing; more for the . improvement
of society than a hundred preachers.
For those men who have been in the depths of degradation and misery— .
..-.. their mind and body wrecked by excess and vice, unlit, lifeless branches of
, the social tree— such men become apostles for good and for saving youth
and innocence when once they have been lifted up to health and vigor by
expert medical skill, made once more men among men, entitled to the love '
and respect of their fellow-beings, able to fight life's battles and enjoy its >
pleasures.- .
;>;.. And such men there are thousands— men who look upon ; this famous
. specialist as almost something more than a human being.
nz BS FA ' L c =
He CURES -not «^ /^^^§^k 4v ~~ -
tries, but cures: • L» /dIW ■ c* ' — — — —
Loss of energy and 4<r Umj «l V*
ambition, physical if MY  V\\ . He has th only
and mental lassi- a? -Ma « ' successful and safe
tude, -nervousness, H a _ I ■ " system 'of treatin-
melancholy, bilious- » ££§M • patients by co -
ness, pimples at- T»» Z&Sp* f&5*W spondence. " Write
rophy wasting loss- \*m * \ 1 fully and put aside
es, bad - dreams, AnV*. / A § all morbid fears of
sleeplessness, incom- . . V'llL Sf&«/ M exposure."
petency, obstacles to ifjfoi stiM. »Tv M He treats the poor
marnape, hydrocele, f^lH '|ii^l»'H FREE Friday after-
vancocele feeble- &s¥s** Mt", noons. 7
ness of the func- ' 2s£-&*'<KWf&* JMMg<Z> Office hours- Qt n
tion, premature di,- Mf/jMi^^Wt^h'J 12 am .2°to 5 and
charge. . unnatural 7•to . 8 p m Sun
m^n^resK^rfm t^^WT^^^^" «I™»*»**
ments resulting from •#^r%?<<'(»^'^* ! s*-^ ' -*^" > 7"- k . c '7lf^
excesses or '; over-Vii -J " .... ■- •
™'= "" DOCTOR SWEAHY, =
737 Market St., San Francisco. Cal. InMilliW^fi
ing the next few month?, and hope your board
will find it proper to make this sacrifice for
the health of the citizens. Yours, respectfully
A. S. Lovelace, M.D., Health Officer.
M.lk Inspector Dockery reported that
out of a herd of rifty-eight cows examined
with the tuberculin test at the Swiss Al
pine dairy on the San Brurn road,
thirty to thirty-five would h; ye to be
killed, as tney were noticeably affected
with tubur:ulosis.
Dr. Stable sent in his report of chatajres
at the City and County Hospital, as fol
lows:
Drs. de F. Easton. T. A. McCulloch, L. D.
Bacißalupi, J. J. Flood and J. C. Badilla hav
ing finished their terms as internes were re
lieved by Drs. Alfred McLaughUn, Attllio
Henry Gianinl, Howard Morrow, Newton B.
Waller, Saiiford Blum and Alfred Newman of
the medical department of the University ol
California.
Edgar cottell, pantryman, resigned; Cor
nelius Callahan appointed pantryman, vice
Edgar Cottell resigned. William Howlett ap
pointed third lauudryman, vice James Carroll
discharged.
Dr. Rosenau. in charge of the United
States quarantine station at Angel Island,
sent in a communication stating that the
United States Marine Hospital authorities
were willing to have »he local quarantine
otiicial board all vessels from foreign ports
first, and that he would co-operate with
the Board of Health in future.
Receiver Cox Appeals.
Richard T. Cox. receiver of the First Na
tional Bank of Arlington, Or., filed a writ of
error in the Circuit Court of Appeals yester
day in the action against J. L. Robinson
brought in the District Court of Washington
to recover $3,833 23, and which was decided
in the latter's favor. It seems that prior to
the failure of the Arlington bank it secured
judgment against one N. Cecil of Gilliam
County, Or., for the amount named above.
Robinson stepped in and assumed the debt,
thus releasing Cecil's property. Shortly after
this the bank went under, and the receiver
brought suit to recover the amount named in
the old Cecil claim, and for which Robinson
had become responsible. The latter offset the
claim of the bank by one against it, and in
the District Court of Washington won out.
Receiver Cox now flies a writ of error, al
leging, first, insufficiency of evidence to justify
the verdict, ancJ, second, that the verdict ia
against the law.
ASKS A BIG REDUCTION.
The Market-Street Railway Says
Its Assessment Is Too
High.
The Board of Equalization Is Asked
to Cut Off Over Three
Millions.
The Market-street Railway Company
sent a protest to the Board of Equalization
yesterday against the valuation placed on
its property by the Assessor. Mr. Siebe
placed a valuation of $4,245,700 on the
holdings of the corporation, of which
$2,500,000 was on its franchise and $1,745,«
700 on personal property, including the
roai itself. The petition asks that the
assessment be reduced by 13,061,900, and is
in part as follows:
Your petitioner avers that the valuation
fixed by said Assessor, nearly $30,000 per
mile, is excessive and out of proportion to the
cash value of said property, as it is under our
statutes made and provided, inasmuch as your
; peUtlonei owns the iron ties and fastenings
only of sakt railways having no title to the
roadway and roadbed, which are on and apart
of the public streets and the property of the
City and County of San Francisco. The cash
valut'of said property on the first Monday of
March last did not exceed the following
amounts, to wit: 51 13-100 miles of single
track, operated by electric railway, $511,300;
twelve mile* not operated by electric railway,
$120,000; 5."> 25-100 miles, operated by cabie
j railway, $552,500.
The franchise is claimed by the com
pany to be of nominal value find to be
covered by the valuation placed on the
personal property of the corporation.
2^6-72 writiny for further particulars to any of the Jfealth or Pleasure Resorts in these columns
Aindly mention the CftjCjC.
IE IUUST
SPRINGS
HAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
~- being one of the wondkrs of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in searcn of iii.aj.th, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS SIO TO »15 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all ' correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 'i'l Fourth street, 8. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
/ — ajT~*~\ Tlie BeaBlifBl !
j^ra| v - HOTEL
' '^^St VEIVDOBIE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and . general appoint-
ments, It -is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
Ron fl lAA ? OT srßl^ os .
PoRfl 1 \ 1 1 * on HY T ° ha;
. - . **^ 'mr health,rest,pleas-
nre, . climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage ■ treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed In the etate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. 1 Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. if.
daily, for Soiedad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postornce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements fox
1896. address It. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPi SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famoai Mountain Spa!
Have You Bjtbi* THERE Lately?
. 1000 feet above Napa '. Valley. ' Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. . Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PostoiHce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An Ideal summer resort. ' Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight: husbands' rest.
Address AND UK W JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
WHEN ITK'i'AH
VISITING ,UiUAn
STOP AT THE .
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.'
rPHIHISTHK NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
■ 1 hotel In Ukiah, and it Is headquarters for
tourists. '«3WMly>
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. - ■
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAT, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most picturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1.000,001)
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A linn bar has jus;
been opened. The table is supplied) with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
-1 fare of all guests carefully looked after. Btm
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
dally stage from Pieia and Highland Springs,
Adams. Seigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Pars
from San Francisco. $5 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for famllffs. G. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Kelsevvllle, Lake County, Cat.
CAMP TAILOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
"CURST -CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: • DE-
X lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
. Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postollice. express, telegraph and' livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $1"J per week.
* VICTOK W. KKAl'ss, Manager.
' JOS. F. BEKTKAND. Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m.
JOHA^NISBERO
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, including the
GREAT WING CANYON. ■
Iron Springs, 1-akes-, Bowling Alley. Splendid
: place for Hunting, Swimming, ■ Boating and
Fishing. Elevation nearly l'-iOO feet. ■'.
.- - ■ Best Climate for Asthma.
. SPECIAL COTTAQ KB for CAMPERS. . Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival of the . morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City. Cal.
PLANTATION : BOliT
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line. .
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address'
JOSEPH LUTl'RlNGEK,Seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply Kit USE A CO., 207 ; Front st., San Fran- !
Cisco, for particulars. , ' .
ASTORG SPRING JUIERIL WATER.
ITVHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL . YOUTH:
I -L cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by tbousinds- in- four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTOKG, 108 j
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook - Hotel. I Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water. - ." . . - ; ■ .
HAZEL_GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN BO AKD IN '■' PRIVATE FAM- :
lilyI ily five miles from Cloverdale ; rates moderate. !
Inquire of M Us. MY MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY. 203 Powell su f ; ■
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN • THE ••■ HEART OF ' TliE SANTA . CRUZ
Mountains. ; . Board . from : 87 to •f 10 a■■ week.
Campers' mum ticket, 9*2 60. '• Send for circular
to M. B. COX, Laurel, Col. • :
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place "Where the Invalid Can Surely
lie-gain Health— Where the Tourist j j
May Kegale Himself Upon . ■
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim Slav Kind
Kest, Refreshment ami Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Animal Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A. Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in Garments '
of Matchles.s Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
tire's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8 .15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Third and Townsend streets, 3% hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip. ■
IST Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
f!l7 I f| ft ft HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
V IT Al■ I ■ V bounty, only 4 Vi hours from
\ft 11 ITIT \ s&n Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ fil II II staging: new road through
"* ****** vi 9J canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130 a Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties;. no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiioa and -■ other annoying
Insects unknown.; Take Tihuron ferry at 7:30
a. v. or 8:30 p. m. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and 'express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free.
J. F. MULOREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY. J
AN IDEA I, FLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
A 4ND PLEASURE: no staging; i/3- mi!e from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs In the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser
Soda pr!nt;s. Wonderful curative properties.
Table tjrst-class. Send for circulars.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
TiriTHITS BEAUTIFUL (4RAPEVIIVE AR-
'» bor; the place where you feel at home. Table'
first class. Croquet, Billiards. „••> Shuflle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Ltanclsg Pavilion, Fish-
Ing and Hunting. Terms, 910 and $12 per week.
special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Paths free to guests.
■ . FRKSK & JCERGENSEN. -.
00 TO mm SPRIGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAXD, MKNDOCINO
-I. County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the state. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of .amusements. Free Dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, *10 per week.
„,,' ".; O. HOYVELL, President.
Telephone at Postofllce.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
T>ECRKATrON, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
•J.V valid consisting of large main building, cot-
tage* and tents on mountainside overlooking N'apa
-Valley. Sieam heat, elevator, callbells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, 'medicated '
and hieam baths are among the remedial agents. .
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are among the amusements, >*ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first clans. Rates reasonable. Send for circular. .
THE GEYSERS,
■' • Sonoma County, Cal. ' ■
UNDER N to W MANAGEMENT. •
"DATES $2 TO $!! 60 PER DAY, ¥3 TO $14 PER
Ait week; all baths tree. ■■- • _..-.... .
• > W. H. HARRON, Proprietor.
CISCO.
\f OUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
111 from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R. ; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
application. HKRsEV it FREtMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco. Placer County, Ual.
ALTA3IOST HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION,
Occidental, Sonoma County.
OX THE N. P. C. K. 8., IS .NOW THOR-
onghly renovated; good board; clean, sunny-
rooms. Terms $6 to USB per week. Special rates
to families. - Climate perfect. ■•"-..
DAVID ROBINSON. Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
X. VKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN" THE
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, $10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
BfAULDI.NO, Selgler Springs, Lake Comity, CaL
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
-• J season for deer begins July 16. and those who
wish to have a good hunt and trout fishing time
and a general coo 1 outing should visit or address
A. 1?. MoMATH. Hullvlile, Lake Co., via Ukiah.
Potter Valley dally stage: can stop at the house
or camp in mountains. Terms reasonable.
TUSCAN SPRINGS. •
r» Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula, Diseases of Kidneys '
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
to. For rates and fate apply to ->.- -
W. J. O'NKIL.I,. 132 Sixth St.
IKIAn STABLES AND STAGE CO3IPASY,
. \\' - H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTUUN-
'» . outs for commercial m en, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
trains. Daily stage lor Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. •
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot an," -. Id magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottage, for families; stage meets
morning train; terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH"
LINDSEY, Glen wood, CaL ■ - "° " - -
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
Qtr««MER BOARD IN BAN JOSE; PLEASANT
O rooms: large grounds: fruit and flowers. Ad
are."* P. O. box 2i.'G. ■ :  . .-,■..-.•
HIK"^ V\ tin® W tlonor a famous i"r«!nch physician, will .quickly cure you of all ncr-
IG£OSi ? 0113 or diseases of the generative <irgans, such as Lost Manhood '
TT. <^ r\ Xi jS tion 01 a famous French physician, will qnlckly cure you of all ner>
\\\ jcA[\± \\\ ? ons or , diseases ot the 'generative organg, such as Lost Manhood
H>» fMJ V* kAMAJ Insomnia, Pains in the Back, Seminal Emissions. Nervous UeblMtT 1
• m \l^l> A P implM, TJnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varlcoceie^ :
M ■ X 7 V / Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
ra :■>>-' ness of discharge, which If not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
fa BEFORE ND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. crTPIOKXE cleanses the liver, lha
H^*.wt™wlT™ kidneys and the urinary organs olaU impurities. -^ •'."'
VuPIDEKE strengthens and restores small weak organs. •• :
"he reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled wftn *
- IrroM»tlt!a. CUPIDENE Is the only kno^n remedy to cure without an ration. 5000 testimoni-
als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cum ■
'i . §1.00 a box, six fur $5.00, by mail. Bend for circular and testimonials. . jTO™«iicur^
, Aadreas DAVOIj M£DXC£N£ CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CaL For sale by '
' .. , BROOKS' 1-U.AHiIACV, li» Powell .
.
A
Health Tank
A Swimming-Tank 30x75 feet,
in and out of which flows a
constant stream from
/ETNA SPRINGS
Giving all Its medicinal
virtue:* in their best form.
Kates, $10 to $14 a week. Take 7 a.m. Southern
Pacific train for St. Helena. Stage meets you there
at 10 a. M. Unlimited round-trip tickets, $7. For
further Information call at 318 Battery St., San
Francisco or address W, 1+ MITCHELL, Lindell
P. 0., Napa County. Cal.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
-v:,-« In. the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing " pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir, btaite at Madrone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:1 5 a. m.
VIC PONCELET, Llagas. CaL
BOCA HOTEL
Boca, Ca.l,
TTEADQUABTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
XI their families. Excellent table and newly-
fltted rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For information address
M ' JAS. McDONAID, Boca, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
resort in State: 8 different springs; good fish-
ing and bunting; accommodations first-class: rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; bard-
finished rooms and cottages. J.MAKI'i.XS, Bach-
elor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. ••; . ■, ■:-.-
WHITE OAK FARM.
■VTEAK CLOVERDALE; PLENTY OF FRUIT.
Xi vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc.: terms $7 per week. Address W. H. HIATT,
Cloverdale,. Cal. . '
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, bISKIYOLT COUNTY, CAL., A
noted fishing and health resoru Hot mud and
sulphur baths, ,
; EDSOIT BROS., Proprietors.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address
JOHN' TAYLOR, Manager.
- . < Hilton Postofflce, Sonoma County.
CASTLE BELVEDERE- PRIVATE
\J board delightful resort: grand marine
view; boating, fishing' and bathing; moderate
rates; specia- terms for families. - '■
61 HDSTKRS FOR AN H DR I X
Heights: SO miles from Ukiah; the sports-
man's Mecca and ladies' rest and delight; wild
picturesque scenery: ice-cold water; over 4000-
-foot altitude: among the pines; saddle- horses,
guides, ect.; best of tables; good beds: hot. cold
and ! steam baths; j city references and particulars
on application; room and board $1 per day. L. B.
FRASIN, • manager; - address Sanliedrin, Lake
County; CaL '•• ■'■-..•
■piVERSIDE- RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter- Valley, Men-
docino County:, round. trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco;, tishine, hunting, bathing and , boating un-
surpassed, r Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table';
I milk, frntt. vegetables raised on (he ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County, j
"TTOTEL DXL MAX— OX THE SEASHORE; 30
XX minutes' ride from Santa Cruz;- climate per.
.feet; tabla unexcelled; -surf bathing: sailing, row- <
ing, fishing: bases meet * all - trains; ' children, $2
to $5 per week; adults, $9 per week: special
to societies and families. Address MaNAUER
I HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room "J9,
Maze building, S. F. /v •" ■ - ■ -
VIOTEL VICTOJUA, HO NORA, CAL,, THE
XX gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and - salubrious - climate; near nature's I won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise;- the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates $10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee.
T BKLMONT, SAN MATED COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms: 8 minutes from
station: 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSEN.BeImonu
IJROOKSIDE F~KUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
J-> plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. Address Brookside, Napa.
T~C)NW WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
XJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, CM.
NITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
Mountains— Fine family resort. J. lIAES-
TERS, proprietor. • "
CYPRESS LAWN FKUIT FARM— TA-
ble; home comforts. T. H. EPi.KY. Napa. CaL
HEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THT»
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for SI CO, post-
age free.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASO3
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
-Olf THE —
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
lilll'llC Vnil "N>re ■ Taroat, Pimples, Copper- »
ISnAYC lUU colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. 
BJUlcors In Sloutii, Hair-Falling! Write COOK,
RpEMEDY CO., SO? Masonic Temple, S
KlChicaco, Ill.i for proofs of cures. Capl-W
V 3tul, 8500,000. : Worst cases cured in XSHJ
Bl to 35 days. 100-page book free. •■
910
THE COMERCIAL WORLD.
6UMMART OF THE MARKETS.
Large increase In export trade.
Silver firmer.
Grain market quiet.
Hay and Feedstuff's unchanged.
Liuie demand for Beans.
Hides weuk and dull.
Tallow lower and weak.
Hops in oetter tone.
Potatoes and Onions cheap.
Tomatoes still declin ng.
Butter r fraction better.
Cheese and E.-?s unchanged.
Poultry steadier.
Fresh Apricots still rising.
Dried A;ricots neglected and weak.
Mexican Limes cleaned up.
Lemons quoted firmer.
Peaches and Figs strong.
Berries lower.
Cottolene declined.
THE GOVERNMENT'S CASHBOX.
United states Treasurer D. M. Morgan reports
the amount 01 money on band at the close of June
as follows:
Go .1 CO n $111,808,340
Gold bullion 32.217.024
>i,>ilars 878,614,043
Fractious silver coin 15,7.-i0.976
Silver oulliou 119.053,696
Total specie $657,419 078
tinted Stales notes 121,229.658
Treasury notes of 1890 34,465,919
Go d certihVates. — 497,480
silver certificates 11,359.996
Currency certificates 150,000
National Bank notes. 10,668,620
Minor coin, etc 1,235.643
Deposits in National banks 16,857, H55
Miscellaneous 21,988
Total *853,905,686
There was a net decrease of about $6,000,000 in
the amount 01 specie In the Government vaults In
June. There was a loss of $6,84 1 ,000 in gold coin,
$44H,000 in goid bullion and $930,000 in silver
bullion, and an increase of $2,042,000 in Standard
dollars. Tne amount of public money in the Na
tional oanks was decreased $4,100,000 In the
month of June, the Secretary having culled in the
same for general use. A year ago the amount of
nione-.- of all kinds in Government vaults was
$811,061,686. including $668,232,682 In specie, of
which .f9H,<47,914 was in gold coin and $56,746,
-018 was in gold bu.lioti.
RESULTS OF ORGANIZATION.
At the annual meeting of the San Francisco
Fruit Exchange President Dal ton, in calling at
tention to the benefits resulting to tbe fruit-grower
from organization, said that the system of stan
dards adopted by the exchange had served to edu
cate the East up to an nncerstandingof ihe merits
of choice and fancy California fruit. Had It not
been tor ihis acion on ttie part of the exchange
the real excellence of our best dried fruits would
never have been known in the East. Another
good result was the securing from the southern
Pacific lla'.lroad of an equally low rate on canned
fruit Eastward to that enjoyed by Southern Cali
fornia, which could never have been accomplished
by an individual.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce and merchandise from this
port during the first six months of 1896 were $15,-
S'>7,ooo. against $13,613,000 for the same period
In 1-P5. This is the best showing since ihe panic
of 1893. There is .1 gain of $104,000 with tne
Hawaiian Islands. $3H7,400 with Japan. $18-4 ,000
with Central America, $326,000 with Siberia and
$1,631,700 with Australa. The $509,600 to
South Africa is entirely new business.
Explanation. .
The arrow flies with the wind. . The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. . Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln a of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hitrh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompHnied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the Interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. , The reverse of these condition*
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
TJirrTKD States Depahtmsjtt of Aohicttl
tube, Weatheb Bureau, San Francisco, July
15, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 6'J. Fresno 102. San Diego 78, Red Bluff
100. San Luis Oblspo 82, Yuma 104, ban Francisco
64, Los Angeles 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64,
minimum 64, and mean 69.
Ibe pressure has risen along the coast and
fallen over Idaho and Montana. The weather has
been generally clear over the northern half of the
Pacific Slope, with temperature from 10 to 25 de
grees above the normal.' There has been a con-
Bid erable increase in - cloudiness over the southern
half of the Pacific mope, and threatening
weather prevails throughout Utah, Nevada, Ari
zona and probably New Mexico. Rain has fallen
in East* Nevada.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
over Utah, and fallen decidedly in Western Ne
vada, Wester 1 Arizona and Eastern California.
.11 Francisco and Kureka have the lowest tem
peratures we.st of the Rocky .Mountains.
Forecast made at fan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, Thursday. July 16, 1896:
Northern California— Cloudy and threatening
weather Thursday: cooler in the valleys; fresh
northwesterly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Cloudy and ' threatening
wea her; fresh westerly winds
Nevada — Rain Wednesday night; cloudy and
threatening Thursday: colder.
Utah— Cloudy and threatening weather Thurs
day: colder. '■ . . '■ -
Arizona— cloudy and threatening weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— and threat
ening weather Thursday; fresh westerly winds.
Alexander G. McAdie,
.; Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
ICFW YORK. N. V.. July 15 The stock mar
ket was demoralized atone time to-day, and the
liquidations were on a wholesale scale. The break
in prices, which extended to 78/e per cent in Lac
kawanna, was the result of Increased activity on
the part of | the bear leaders, who are temporarily
unopposed by the bulis. The engagement of 9900.
-000 go:d . for . shipment to Europe to-morrow and
that a belief that about 92.000,000 more will be
exported on Saturday, the strength and advance
In sterling , 'exchange and th* illness of Cornelius
Vanderbilt, a drop in United States ' 4 per cents
of 1925 of nearly 2 per cent, which is something
very unusual, added to the nervousness which pre
vailed. ' The shrinkage in the treasury goid re
serve, however, gave the mo-t concern, and the
withdrawals of the metal for shipmen were used
w in . good effect by • those operating for. lower
prices. There was an entire absence of support,
nnd the friends of the Grangers Anthracite > Coal
. FINANCIAL. ;
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
W ELOCK & i CO.,
4 IVeidesdorff St., TeL Main 1954.
■WbWSK' '■ BRANCH OFFICE : ->j9|knSMSB
628 Market B_, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
__ J. S. FUKDT, Manager. -- >;
Orders • instantly executed on latest. market quo-
tations. : Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F. :
CHICAGO.' . riU VATS WI^JB. Kti WY 0 RS,
-1 era and Industrials stood Idly by while the prices
of their favorites were cut down 1 per cent be
tween sales. ■ The depreciation . naturally uncov
ered a great number of stop-loss orders, and the
selling for the account of holders whose margins
bad been exhausted reached large proportions.
London was attracted by the low range and bought j
probably 10.000 shares, but this was a drop in the
oucket and . proved unavailing so far as checking
the downward movement was concerned. A num
ber of the prominent Issues touched the low.-si
figures of the . year, notwithstanding there was
very lull* disposition to buy until near the close.
This led to a general rally, and the market led off
steady in tone. Net changes show losses of, V* to
7V4- Total sales were 381,500 shares.
Bonds were active and heavy: sales were 91,128.
-000. Atchison general fours fell to 73: do adjust
ments to 83 3i: Chicago and Northern Pacific fives
certificates -> to 39: Northern Pacific thirds 3to
b°4; Texas Pacific firsts 214 to 82.
Grain. -
FLOUR — Dull: winter wheat, low grades
91 70@2 60: do fair to fancy, 92 4003 40; do
patents. 93 45@}3 75: Minnesota clear, $'2 40<£2 30;
do straights, 92 9." (6. 3 40: ao patents, 93 15&-1:
low extra. $1 70@- 60: city mills. 93 90: do
patents, 94@4 25; rye flour, dull, easy, unchanged.
CORNMEAL— yellow western, $2 05
@ '2 10: Brandy wine. 92 15.
RYE— Western. 38%@39c.
BARLEY— Quiet: -19- tb sacks quoted 32c.
BARLEY MALT— Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— More active, easy; f. o. D.. b4Vic; un
graded red. 55@U5c: No. 1 Northern, 66c.
Options active, closed weak at Vs@Vi»c decline
on weaker West, lowerstock market and local re
alizing. September and December most active.
July, 61% c: August, 6is/ 8 c: September, 62c:
October, tj-.'Sjc; December, U3%c.
cor:*— Dull, easier; no. a, 33 Vie elevator;
34V4c afloat.
Options dull, steady, V»c lower, following wheat
and on realizing. SeDtember and October only
traded in. July, ,H3c; September, 333,4,0; October,
S4V4C
OATS— DuII, firmer.
Options dull, easier; July, 21Vic; August,
203& c; September, '20% c.
spot prices: No. '2, 21V4c; No. 3 white,
82% c; No. 2 Chicago, 22c: No. 3, 20% c:
No. 3 white, 21 Vie: mixed Western, 210
22 Vic; do white, 22«-26c; White State, 22@26c.
FEED BRAN-50@50%C
MIDDLINGS— 6O&62VS.C.
RYE— Feed. 55c.
i'rovisions. ■
BEEF— Firm, quiet. Family, 98 80©9: extra
mess. 96(g)7. Beef hams, quiet, 914 &0@15: tlerced
beef, dull; city extra India mess, 91i@13: cut
meats, firm; pickled bellies, 12 pounds, 43 4 c ft Ib:
pickled shoulders, 4Vs@4 s /sC; pickled hams, 9*4
@10c.
LARD— Quiet, easier. Western steam. 94; city,
93 30: September, 94 00: refined, dull; contN
nent, 94 26; south American, 94 66; compound,
4@4V*c,
PORK-Qulet. steady. Old mess, 97 7508 26;
new mess. $8 60©8 75.
BUTTER— Quiet: fancy, steady: State dairy, 100
14% c; do creamery, 11%@>12c: Western dairy, 9
(g>9v<2c: docreamery, llVa(#l6c; do factory, bfc&llc;
tlgins, 15c; imitation creamery, 10@12c.
CHEESt— easy: State large, sV>(s6 s ,4c:ao
small, 6%@7c; part skims, 4@4%c; full skims,
l%c
EGGS— Steady ; State and Pennsylvania, 13VsO
14c; Western fresh, 11(2.1 do per case, $1 50<g,.1.
TALLOW— Quiet, nominal; city, 3 11-16 c; coun
try, 3@SVic.
COTTONSEED OIL— weak. Crude, 20®
20% c: yellow, prime. 24% c; do off grade, 24c
TURPENTINE— DuII; easy; 24%@20c
RESIN— DuII, steady.
POTATOES— Weak; Southern, 40@90c.
RlCE— Quiet. Domestic, 3t553, 4 c; Japan, 4@4V4c.
MOLASSES— Quiet: New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c. '
COFFEE— DuII, 5 points down to 5 up. July,
91150011 55: August, 811 10; September. 910 50
(a.lO 65; October, 910 05; December, 99 95@10.
Spot Rio easy, quiet. No. 7, 12 %c
SUGAR — Raw, dull, steady. Fair refining.
2%c; centrifugals •96 test. 33/ c; '. refined, quiet
and steady: off A, 4V4@4s/s9 ft ft; mold
A, sc: standard A. 43,4 c: confectioners' A. 4Ue:
cut loaf 53/sc; crushed. &s/sc: powdered, sc ;
granulated, 4^c; cubes, sc.
Fruit and Prod ace.
APRICOTS— Bags. S Vital lc: do new, «Vi@9c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, V _, 13@14c; do unpeeiea,
7%a8%c. ...
PRUNES— Four sites, nominal; 6c.
RAISINS — Three-crown, sc; do four-crowu,
6 Vic; London layers, 9i(£l 05.
HOPS — Dull; State, common to choice, 2
7%c; Pacific Coast. '2%@6%c
WOOL— Firm; domestic fleece, 16022 c; pulled,
15@35c: Texas, 7@l2a I
Merchandise.
PIG IRON- Quiet; American. 910 25@13,
COPPER-Flat: lake. «11 25011 50
LEAD— Easy: domestic, *2 95@2 97%.
. TIN-Quiet; Strait*. »13 60013 60: plates, mod
erate demand.
SPELTER -Dull: domestic 94 06®4 16.
1 CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 16.— There was . a re
versal in the situation In the wheat market to-day,
the bears assuming control at the opening, backed
by the continued decline in stocks at New York.
The sudden illness of Cornelius VanderbU was a
factor In the depression of railway securities and
the Chicago wheat pit reflected it, -'as a mirror held
up to na tire." The market opened at the "pat"
price and rallied soon afterward. Cables were not
very responsive to yesterday's advance. Wheat
was sold freely by the local Interests. Receipts in
the Northwest indicated a falling off, 278 cars ar
riving, against 438 cars last Wednesday and 121
cars on the same day a year ago.
The receipts at Chicago were 107 cars and the
withdrawals from store were 65,800 bushels.
Liverpool cables were steady ana Vid higher.
Atlantic seaboard clearances for twenty -four hours
weie 309,767 bushels. Continental cables were
firmer and a shade higher. The market was firm
in the last ten minutes on reported working off of
201,000 bushels, but the trading was light, and
local September wheat opened from 665/g@r>6V4c,
sold between 566/Bfa.s6s.ic and 56c, closing at
66V4C %c. under yesterday. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow, 260 cars,
CORN— Dipped at the opening on the weakness
of securities and on the decline In wheat- The
recommendation of local freight agents that east
bound rates be restored to 20c also had an ef
fect. The market soon strengthened on cooler
weather reports and on the favorable crop bulle
tins. Receipts exceeded the estimates. 203 cars
arriving; while 180 cars were anticipated. With
drawals from store were 66,511 bushels, and this
small amount helped the argument for a de
cline. Liverpool cables were firmer and %d
higher. Export clearances were 234,640 bushels
September corn opened from 28c to 278/1 c. sold
between 28V»c and 27 % c, closing at 273/, c, s/,c
lower than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to
morrow, 270 cars.
OATS— Followed in the footsteps of wheat and
corn, the .New York stock market being used as a
bear argument. A good deal of business .was
transacted in the first hour and a half. Receipts
were 103 cars, and 34,005 bushels were withdrawn
from store. September oats closed %®Vic lower
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row, 115 cars.
FLAX— Was easier. Cash 70c: September
69Vi@70%c; December, 7 lu,@7Sc. Receipts, 23
cars.
PROVISIONS— Business was again lifeless, and
prices opened easy and steady on an advance of
6c in hog products. Later the market for pork
broke 6c some trad ascribing the lots to posi
tive Inertia. Then a reaction came, and Septem
ber porit closed 2y 2 @sc higher. Seo:ember lard
2%c lower, ana September ribs 2Vi(»sc lower.
, BUTTER— Was quiet and steady. Fine cream
eries wanted and sold readily. - Receipts light.
Creameries-Extras. 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10c; imitations, fancy, 10c Dairies-
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10@10%c; firsts, BVi(a»9c; packing stock,
J-c: roll, tHg,7c •
EGGS— DuII and weak, and receipts plentiful.
Fresh stock, 9c ft . dozen; recandled, 9@9%c;
shipping, 9V 2 @loc
MONK)— Was &@6% on call and 6% on time
oans. .New York exchange sold at 85c discount.
Closing: Price*.
.WHEAT— JuIy. 64Vic: September, 66V4c; De
cember, 583/sC
CORN— Juiy. 27V4c; September. 27*4 c: May,
3t>Vic ■" inf'"tiiHll. ItMiL 1 -
OATS— JuIy, los/ 8 c; September. 16%@16%c;
May, 19% c
rOKK- September. 96 60; January 97 45.
LARD— September, *3 70: January, *4 07%.
Keptemoer, 93 62%; January, 93 77%.
Livestock.
UNION. PTOCKYARDS, fi,i». July IS.— The
run of cattle was liberal, and the demand good.
Prices tor choice light : weight firm, and the pens
were well cleared. Hog receipts were smaller than
expected, and the demand was good. -.The market
closed firm. The supply of sheep was scarce, and
the demand good for natives. •-•">
CATTLE — Recemts. 14.500. : Common to choice
stocicers, 92 10@3 15; Texas crass steers, 92 45®
3 40; Texas fed steers, 93 20@3 85.
HOUB— Receipts, 1H,500. Heavy packine ana
shipping lots, 92 9503 10: common -to - choice
mixed. *3 lO'ai-t 40: choice assorted. *3 65(23 60:
light, 93 40&3 »5; pigs. 92 90(£3 55. ■
bHtti-- i'.te«-ip!i. 14,000. interior to cuoice,
$21b4: ja<uo«. 9346 40.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT BALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 15.-The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit at auction to-day as
follows: ' Prunes— Tragedy, ' 86c@91 45 per . half
crate. Plums— Washington, 91 16 per half crate;
peach, 75c@91: purple Dtiatie, 60@90c. Peaches-
Hales Early, in poor condition, 41,fa,80c per box.
_ : CHICAGO,. U.L.. July 14.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to-day as
.follows:. . Plums— Peach. .*1 60@2 •55 • per •■ half
crate; Burbank, 91 lb l 70: other varieties, 66c
@91 25. Pears— Bartletts, 91 05@l 55 per box.
Prunes-Tragedy, 91 20©l 60 per half crate.
Peache< — 40o@$l 16 per box. ' Apricots, iiO&OOc
per half cr*te. Figs, 30c per box.
... fi/.. : : : ~ NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, ; Exchange, Money and Railroad
■:■■.-:.., Share*. '" ■. '■■■
• Money on call firmer at lVi@3v ; last loan at 2%
and closing offered at 2%^. ; Prime mercantile pa
per. 5@5%%. . Bar silver, 68% c 'Mexican dollars,
■53V4@54Vic Sterling Exchange strong, with actual
business in bankers' bills at : 94 878/i@4 88 for
60 days and 94;88%@4 89 fordemanuT Posted
rate*. 94 88%@4 89%. Commercial bills, 94 8634
<5.4 B,Vi- ' Government bonds heavy: State bonds
weak: railroad bonds lower. Silver at the board
was steady. ■ .
- - -:>.".: -, exosrso btocks. ■ • ■■■ ■"■ "■
Am Tel & Cable.. . . :91 Norfolk ft Westrn * 6
Atchlson-;:.-.; ....... 12% Preferred.. 'vIIJA
t Preferred 1734 Northern Pacific. 6V*
Adams Express 150 Preferred . ...;t.% 14%
Alton, Terre Haute 68 Northwestern...... 96<^|
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
American Expression Preferred 148
American To oacco. 59 N. Y. Central 92
Preferred 97 N.Y..Chicago&s.L. 13
BayStateGas 18 Ist preferred 67Vi
Baltimore A Ohio.. 16% I'd preierred 20
Brunswick Lands.. Vi N. Y.<fe N. H. 16*
buffalo, Roch it P. 24 N. Y. & New Eng. 37
Canada Pad flc... 69Vi"N. V.. Susq «fc W... 7Vfc
Canada southern.. 42 Preferred 18 l /»
Canton Land 60% Ontario UVi
Central Pacific 1 4 Vi Ontario & Western 13
Ches. <t Ohio i 3i /4 Oregon Impro'mut Vi
Chicago Alton. 15* Preferred
Preferred 170 Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago, B. & Q.... 68% Oregon Short Line, a
Chica-.oA E. ni... 41 Pacific Mall SOVi
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. <fe Evans IV*
ChlcagoGas 62% PHtsburg & W. pfd 15
Cleve* Piltsbnrg.. 160 Vil Pullman Palace.. ..145Vi
Consolidation coal. 3~ iQuicksilver. l'j
Consolidated Ga5. .146 Preferred 18
C. C. C. & St. Louis 25Vi Reading 128/,
Preferred... 75 RioGrande&Westn 15
Colo, Fuel A iron. . l"Vi Preferred 40
Preferred 100 iKock Island 57%4
Cotton Oil Cert .... 8% Rome VVatAOgden.ll4^
Commercial Cable. lSO St. U A S. W 3*A
Dei. Hudson- 1183^ Preferred 8
Del.Lack&Westrn. l*9y 8 SU Paul 72V»
Denver & R. (i 12 Preferred. 126
Preferred. 445/s St. Paul <& Duluth. 15
Distillers 12 Preferred 80Vi
General Electric... 22% St. Paul <fe Omaha. 35
Erie ia7 /g Preferred. 12;>i^
Preferred 81 Bul'.M.iM 107
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 6834
'■reat Northern pfd 110 southern Pacific. .. l<s /4
l-ireen Bay Vi Southern R. R 8V»
Hnrlem 294 Preferred 22
Hocking Coal Vs -ugar Renuery 105
Hocking Valley.... 16 Vil Preferred 99
Homestake, 84 iTenn. Coal <fe Iron. 18Vi
H. <t Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central..... 90Vi Texas Pacific 6Vi
lowa Central 6ViToI.A.A-4 N.Mich.—
Preferrea 23 Tol. A Ohio Cent... SO
Kansas A Texas... 10 Preferred. 70
Preferred 18% Tol.Su Louis* K.C. 6
Kingstondk Pern... $ Preferred 5
Lake Erie <t Westn 15:< 4 Union Pacinc 6
Preferred. 66 tj. P. Den A Quit.. 2
LakeSbore 148J,i U. a Coraac* 4
National Lead 20Vi Preferred. 7%
Preferred 80 Guaranteed 16
Long Island 76 U. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 46% C. S. Leather 6%
Louisville. Na&Ch 7 Preferred 60
Preferred ia«w v. S. Rubber. 16Vi
Manhattan Consol. 95Vi Preferred. 71Vi
Memphis <k Charls. 16 Itlca iB. Hirer . 160
Mexican Central... 9 Wab. s. L. A Pao.. 6%
Michtgai Central.. 90 Preferred. 16Vi
Minn AS. L. — Wells-Fargo 99
Preferred Western Union.... 80
Mlun <t St. Lcom. 14 Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 73 Wheeling AL- E.. 7%
2dpreferred 40 Preferred. 27
Missouri Pacific.... 1914 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 40
Mobile A Ohio 18 W. U. Beel 6%
Nashville &Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 7V«
National Linseed.. 15 Preferred. 20
N. J. Central 91 Brooklyn Tractloa. 20Vi
North American... 4V» i- rle 2d pfd. 18
CXOSINS Bnxru.
r B4B,rectstered..lO7 ;M X T 2ds 52
Do 4s. coupon 107Vi' Do 45.. . 80
C 8 4a new, regstrdlls IMutual Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon — 118 N J Cent Gen 6s ..116
Do 2s 95 Northern Paclsts. ll3
Do 5s 11l Do2ds 108
1 o 6s. coupon 112 Do ads. . . .64
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest ConsolO ?8
Do 1897 10U Do deb 5s 108*4
Do 1898 10J O RAN Ist*,.. ..109ia
Do 1899 100 6tL&lronMtGen 5s 74%
Pacific -is of •5e.... St L&8 F Gen 6s. 109
DC3-65s 109 V* St Paul Consols. ..128Vi
AlaClassAts 90 St PCA Pa lsts.. .116*^
Do Class B 4, 65.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts.lllVi
LaConsol 4s 95 Southern R R 65... 86
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. S2
N Carolina con 65.. 116 Texas Pacific 2dv. 18
Do4s 95 IL'nlon Pac lsts »6.103 Vi
80 Carolina 4 vis... 100 West Shore 4a 104
Term new 3s 76 MobUe A Ohio 45.. 63
Va funding deftt... 67 R Grande West lsts 72Vi
Do registered..... Ches * Onio 65.. ..106
Do deferred 69... 5 Atcnlson 4s 74V4
Dotrust rcptsst. 5 Do 2ds A 34V*
Canada South 2ds.. 106 GHAS A6s 101
Cen Pac 1 sta of '95. 100 Do2d 7s 100
Den * RU Ist lllViH A Tex Cent 65.. 102%,
Do4a. 89 Do con 6s. 102
Erie »ds 63 Vii Heading 4s 73
Kansas Pa Consols 69 I Missouri Os. 100
—a Pa lsu Den divlis I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IS LIVEBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Eng., July 15.— The spot market
ls steady at 6s 3i 2 d. Cargoes steady at 265,
sellers, prompt shipment.
FI'TCREa.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quota'ioiis for No. 2 Red Winter: July,
4s 10i,d: August, 4s 10Vi<l: September, 4s lOVid;
October, 4s loi, 3 d; November, 4s 10»/4d.
■mm
LONDON, Eno, July 16. — Consols, 113 Vi;
silver, 31S/ 8 ; French Rente*, lOlf 97Vic
KXCHANGK AND BULLION.
Sterling Excbance, 60 days. — 94 88
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 893/ 4
New York Exchange, sight — 07-.
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 .
Fine Silver, ft ounce. — 68«>%
Mexican Dollars 64 64V4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures are steady, but spot prices
are rather weak than otherwise. No. 1, 92%@
938.4 c; choice, 95&97% c; lower grades, 87ViO
80c; extra choice for milling, 91@1 10 ft ctL
CAM- BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— o'clock— December—
600 tons, 98«/,c.
Rkotlar moeniso December— l7oo
tons. 98 Vic: 500, 98s/ c.
afternoon SBSBION — December— 3oo tons.
88V*c.
BARLEY— along about the same. Feed,
67%®70c ft ctl; choice bright, '71Vi@7a%c:
Brewing, 75@80c ft ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— So sales.
Rkoi-lar Morning Session— No sales.
afternoon Session — — 400 tons.
70% c.
OaTS— No change to report. Milling, 85®90c;
fancy feed, 90@92%c; good to choice, 82%@90c;
common to fair. 72Vi®8Oc; Gray, 80@82%c; sur
prise 96c@$l 02%.
CORN — i^arge Yellow is quotable at 888.(a95c;
Small Round do, <J7%c: White. 77%©82%*»^ct1.
RYE— Quoted at 7i:Vi<§i7sc ft ctl for old and 66c
for new.
BUCKWHEAT— 9 CtL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFB.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 76@3 85 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, 93 65@3 66;
superfine, 92 76@3. '
. < ORNMRAL, ETC.— Corn, 919 50@20:
Cracked Corn, 920 60@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade; Graham Flour,
28,4 c; Rye Flour, 3V»c; Rice Flour. 7%c: Corn
mcal,23 4 @.tc ; ex tra cream do, 3 V ? c ; Oa: nieai,33 ie ;
Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4@4%c: Buckwheat
Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c; Farina, 4%c:
Whole Wheat Flour, 8c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic; Pearl
Barley, 4%c; . Split Peas, 4»/ic; Green do, sVic
V ft. _________
HAT AND FEEDBTCFFS.
BRAN— 914 Eo@lo 50 for the best and 913 60®
1 4 ¥ ton for outside brands.'
MIDDLINGS— « ton for lower grades
and 917 sO@lß 60 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF* -Rolled Barley, $15@15 50: Oil
cake Meal at the mill, 821 ton: Jobbing, $22.
HAY— No change to report. New Wheat, $7 50
011; new Wheat and Oat, 97@10; new Oat. 96(&H;
new Barley, 96 60@8; . River Barley, 94 60@5:
Alfalfa, $6@6 50: Clover, S6@B.
STRAW -30@40c ft bale,
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS- Bayos, 90@97%c ft cU; Small Whites,
91®1 15 ft ctl; Pea, 91 20@l 40; Large Whites,
9 oc@fl 05; Pink, :75@85c; Reds, 91 10@l 30;
B lackey e, -91 40@l 60: Red Kidney, nominal;
LI mas, 92 Ss@2 65; Butters, 91 35@1 60 for small
and 91 50@l 75 for large. \
Bfc.KDß— Shipment of 1093 ctls Mustard to
New YorK. Brown Mns ard Is quotable a: SI 50®
225 f> ctl: Trieste, 9- ) @-2 60 ft ctl; Yellow Mus
tard, 91 4U<3l 60; Flax, el 70@l 80: Canary, 2S,ic
ft lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9%c ft ft; Rape, 2VaC ft;
Hemp. 3%c ft ft. . .
DRIED PEAS-91 25@i 40 ft for NUes and
91 25©1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Continue cheap and dull with large
supplies. Garnet ■ Chiles, 60<$80c: Early Rose,
in sacks, So@soc; Early Rose In boxes. 35@50c;
Burbank Seedlings. 40@85c ft ctl for Rivers and
91@1 35 for San Leandro. ■ :, .
ONIONS— White, 40@50c; Red, 10@20c ft ctl.
VEGETABLES— Tomatoes continue to decline
under heavy receipts, ether kinds run along about
the same. Green Corn, 25.c©91 ft sack: Alameda
Corn, $1 60@'J * crate: Berkeley Corn, 75c@Sl 15-
Summer .-'quash, 20(jg>_'5c lor Bay; Ekg Plmn, 9164
160 $ bx: Tomato, 91@2 ft bx for Rivers and 30
©50c for Vacaville: i ucumbers,3s@sOc: Alameda
Cucumbers, 76<@»1 25 V box; Asparagus, 91 25(g)
2 50: Green Pepi.ers, 25@50c f* small box and 76cS
91 25 ft large bx; Green Peas, &oc@9l ft sic forcom
mon and :@2i/aC ft Ib for Garden: String Beans,
l@3c ft ft; Green okra, $l@l '25 ft box; Cabbage
46@50c ft cU ; Garlic, 2@2%0 ft ft.
BUTTER, CHKESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER— Prices are about %c better all around
and the tendency is upward. Many of the arrivals
continue soft. -■••■". '.«•• ■ •- - ; '
Creamkrt— Fancy, 15_ll5Vic; seconds, "14@
1 4 Vie ft ft. . - ■ . . ' -
Daiby— Fancy, 13%®lic: good to choice, 12%
©lac: lower grades, ll<§l2c.
c; CHEESK— Fancy mild new, 7@7Vic; , common
to good, 6<a6Vic; • Cream Cheddar, 9@)10c: Younr
America, 7©9 eft ft; "Western, 10@llc; Eastern
1 1 1 He. • *f*^nrnii ijßtliii*^Hyiir*T[h— *•
, KGGS— Steady and unchanged. Store Eggs, 10
@12c; ranch Eggs, 13@16c; Duck Eggs, 12@13c :
POULTRY : AND GAME.
POULTRY— Receipts are moderate »nd the mar
ket is steadier than it has been, though prices
show no material change.' ;
Live Turkey?, 13@15c for . Gobblers, 12013 c for
Hens: young Turkeys, 17@18c: Geese, ft pair. 90c
©SI 25: Ducks, 92 50«53 26 for old and 936&4 60 ft
dozen for young; Hens, 94@5; Roosters, youcir.
94 60@7; do. old. $4@4 50 ft dor: Fryers, 93 600
4; Broilers, 9303 60 for large ana f 1 50@3 60 for
■mall; Pigeons, $ 1 25@1 50 « do* for young and
wd."BHMteaEa4gtdtay^BtasfltKiafl9KH
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Apricots are still advancing. Peaches! have a
wide range, according to size and quality. *
\ Red Nectarines, 76c: White, 50c $ box. ■
■ Peaches, 25@75c -f, I box and 40@60c $ basket:
Cr » fords, 3tfts9oc > box and 76@aOc f, basket.
Plums. 25@75c ■$ box and 75@90c * crate.
Apples, 40«85c large box. • ■ > - .
Pears, 35«75c %* box; Bartletts, 66@85c * small
■- Apricots, 25@50c « box; «20@25 ?i ton In bulk
for the seneraf run, with sales of poor at $15 and
choice at $27 50@30. .
* Igs, 35@60c $ oox for single and 50c@31 26 V
box for double layers.
BERRIES— All kinds are lower.
strawberries, $2@4 f* chest for Longworths and
♦160@2 60 for lar?e lorries.
Kaspbemen. $2 6003 50 ■§ chest.
Blackberries, $2(g.2 50 f, chest.
Currants, $2©4 f c hest. *
URAPEs— Vacaville Sweet waters. COc@?l H
°°*> .Thompson's Seedless from Yuma, fl 25@
.1 *' crate: Black Grapes, from the same source,
SI 25@1 60 f* crate. .
MELON'S- Watermelons, 810@25 ¥ 100. • '
CITRUS i-RCiTS— Acapulco Li ■ es are out and
tne fresh supplies expected on the Colombia are
noatlD< about on the water at Pigeon Point.' A few
poor Mazatlnn Limes are offering at *6 * box.
Lemons. *1 sC@'2 60 ft box for common and $ 3@
4 tor good to choice; Mexican Limes, : Bananas,
51®'. * bunch; Pineapples, $I@4 dozen. ,
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS; ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
New Apricots are dull and weak ats}4@6c T *
lb in the sweatbox and 6@6V*c f. o. b., coast.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows :
Carload Lots— Apples— l%@2c $ &> for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4<&4%c for evaporated:
Peaches, 3®sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots. 6@6%c
for prime to choice. for fancy and 10@llc $1
lb for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, for us
pressed; , White Figs, 4c In sacks; Pears. 7c ft &>
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c •$ to for quarters;
Prunes, 3%c lb: Plums, 3%c $lb for Ditted and
l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3^>@6c »Ib for
prime to choice and 5 %c for fancy.
Jobbing I'r ices — Evaporated Apples, 4@sc
» lb; sundrled, l%@*2c; Peaches. 3%@5c and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12 Vic lb ; Prunes, 3 Vic
for four sires, 4%c for 40@50's and 4c for
50@80's: Apricots, 7@Bc for prime to choice,
10@ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
White Figs, :-:a6c; Pears, 80 fi lb for evaporated
halves and 4@7%c for quarters; Plums, 3Vi@4c
for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; Nectarines,
4@6c 9 Ib for prime to choice.
RAISINS— are as follows, carload lots, £
o. b, Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, none; 2-crown, 2%c fl ft; seedless Sultanas,
3c; --eecllexs Muscatels, 'l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c $ box; clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesaclus
ters, «2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $ 2 60@2 76.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown, loose, none: 3
crown, none; 2-crown, 3V4c ft lb, Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft n>; seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3 crown
London layers, 75(&90c:' clusters, *1 50@l 76;
Dehesa clusters. $2 50: Imperial clusters. $2 75.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Wainuts, 9©
lie for No. 1 hard and ll@l3cH lb for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds, 6<@7%c for Languedoc and
B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, f>@
6%c ft lb for Eastern and for California: Hick
ory Nuts, 6@6c: Pecans, 6c for rough »nd 8c for
polished: i iiberts. B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 9@loc ft ft);
Cocoanuls, $4 50@5 %4 100. ' - ■-
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s@sVac;
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark amber, 4c;
dark, 2@3c ? lb. !>™?\
BEEsWAX-25®27Vic » ft.
PROVISIONS.
Cottolene is lower. No change In anything else.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6%c for
heavy, 7%c ft tt> for light medium. 9@9%c for
light, 10@llc for extra light and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern Su~ar -cured ' Hams, 12@12%c;
California Hams, 10%@llc f* ft; Mess Beef, 97
@8; extra mess do, $8 5U@9; family do, 910; extra
prime Pork, $B©B 60; extra clear, $14 ft bbl;
mess . Sl2 &o@l3 ft bbl: Smoked Beef, 10c 9 ft.
LARD— Kas-.ern, tlerc es Is quoted at 5 Vie ft ft
for compound and 6 Vic for pure; palls, 7c ft ft;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6c for
pure: haif-bblg, 6V*c; 10-ft tins, 7c; do 6-ft, 7V4c.
COTTOLENE— S in tierces and 6Vi(*
6%c ft ft in 10-lb tins. .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The circular of W. B.
Sumner A Co. says: "During the past few weeks
Hides and Leather have been very quiet and prices
nominal. Wet salted Hides rule at prices which
are relatively higher than those obtainable in the
East by about lc ft ft. This market is caused by
small stocks obtainable In this city. Dry flint
Hides are somewhat weaKer, prices having de
clined in New lore" ana Boston. Dry Kips are
quiet at lower rates than dry Hides. sheepskins
are dull unless offered at very low figures and
without much prospect of any Improvement. Tal
low Is dull at low values." Heavy salted steers
are quotable a: 7@7%c ft ft: culls and brands, b@
6%c V ft: medium, "6@6%c ft ib; culls and
brands, 5@5%c ft ft; light, 6c; culls and brand*,
4c: Cowhides, 6(55%c: culls and brands, 4(§>4%c;
sailed Kip, 5c fi ib; salted Calf, 7@Bc; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10%@llc; culls and brands, 8@
B%c: dry Kip and Ve*i, B@9c: culls, 7c: dry Call,
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, 2U@3sc each; Kids, sc;
Deerskins, good summer, 25(530c; medium, 15®
25c; winter, 7@loc: !>heepsklna,shearhngs,lo@l&c
each; short wool, 20(&35c each: medium, 40@
50c each: long wools, 60@60c each. Calls of ail
kinds about %c less.
TALLOW— Shipment v of 133.424 fts to New
York. No. 1, rendered, 3@3Vic; No. 2, 2%c; re
fined, sVb<s&%c: Grease. 2W * ft. , • z.
WOOL— shipment of 254,711 lbs to Connecticut.
Humboldt and Mendoctno Is quotable at 10@12c
9 ft; Valley Oregon, 10@llc ft ft; do lower grades,
B@loc ft ft; Nevada, 6@9c ft ft: San Joaquln and
southern Coast, six months, 4® 6c: SanJoaquin,
foothill, goo 1 to choice, 7@Bc: San Joaquln, year's
fleece, 4%@6%c; northern free, 7(g,9c: do defec
tive. SffitlVaC-fi ft. .
HOI'-- Quoted at 2@4c ft ft for 1895 and tj@
7Vic for 1b96, with an improving market.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, * 4 26; Ban
Qnentin, 94 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26%c
> COAL— Wellington, $8 ft ton; New Wellington,
98 ft ton; South field Wellington, 97 60 ft ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60: Bryant, 95; Coos Bay, 94 60:
Wallsend, $7; scotch, 97 50; Brvmbo, 97 50;
Cumberland, f 11@12 in bulk and *13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite - Egg. 911 50; Welsh
Anthracite, 98; Cant-el, $7 50: • Rock 'Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 60: COKe,
filial in bulk and 913 ft ton in sks. -
SUGAR— The Western sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all s%c;' Dry Granulated,
s Vic: Confectioners' A. 6Vsc; Magnolia A, 4%;
Extra <4Va<"; Golden C, 8 c: half barrels, Vie
more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SYRUP— in bbls, l&c; Black Strap, 10c
»gaU . . - .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: '
BhKi-— First quality, 6c; second do, 4%@4«.ic;
third do. SV»a.4c 'ft tt>. . va«r-v*
VEAL-Large, 4@6c; small, s@6c ft ft.
MUTTON — Wethers, s©sVic; Ewes, 4%@5c
y ft.
LAMB-s@6c»ft.
PORK-Live Hogs, SVi@3%c » ft for large and
38/4, i4c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
©Be. m
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR '-'4 HOURS.
Flour, qr. sks.... 37,564 8 utter, ctls 115
Wheat, ctls 2.7&0' heese. ctls 193
Barley, ctls 4,966 Eggs, doz 4,260
Beans, sks 100Hide5.n0.....;.. 1.500
Rye. ctls. ; 215Pel:s, bdls 6:^o
Potatoes, sks.... 3,981 Wool, bis. 173
Onions, sits 740 Oregon ..... 27
Middlings, sks... 399 Wine, gals... -.... 17,600
Bran, sks 2,414 Leather, r0115.... 40
Hay, tons. 641 Lime, bbls 81
Straw, t0n5...... B'Shorts, sks. - 40
THE STOCK MARKET.
While business continued dull yesterday the
market developed more tone and prices were some
what stronger, as will b« seen.
The Hutchlnson Plantation Company has de
clared a dividend of 25 cent* payable on the 20th.
Dividends were paid yesterday as follows: Bank
of California, $3; California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company, 76c: Nevada Bank, $1 50: Wells, Fargo
A Co., $3; Edison Light, 662/fec; Oakland Gas. 26c:
San Francisco Gaslight, 35c: Pacific surety Com
pany, $2: .Montana Ore Purchasing Company, $;•
Western Union Telegraph Company, $125 per
BOAl:i> SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
btock Board yesterday :
»«oruK mmaram KHnTnv I nwmam itw%
*°jj Blcnr — •*«> 50GCrss.2a60160Savae.-..75
}00 ...... — ;.,4i 400 aAC 86 160-;.:.*:.-;.:::74
VI?, Bodle -""** 60 —.. 86 400 See 8e1... 13
250 sunio5 union — 20aBO HAN .. 1.40 800 a NT.-....60
100 Bulwer... .32 60 ...... 1.50 .'OO .:r..:«.1..59
400 Choir... 2.60 150 ...... 1.45 200 Uni0n.. ..48
400 CCA V.. 1.86 350 Mcx 6* 300 Utah 11
I™ C Point... 60|60U Fotosi... 1 20 300 V Jackt^.43
860 ...„:...;. 61 200 Scorpion.. O6l ,;
AFTKKJTOON SF4IWIOH— 3:T). "* : -.\ -,'VJ
100 A1pha... . 13 150 CC*V... 1.851 60 oodd.. i ..'.86
100 Andes.. ;.S4 200 Conn.... 1.05 400 8av.;.r.^;79
100 Belcher. ..43 100 Kxchqr....O6 100 S Nev....61
100ChalInic...35i60 G&C......871 50 . ....;.;... 62
100 Ch0ux....2.60,160 ..........^.BB 500 YJaoa«t M 42
100 ........ 2.66|100 Mxcn..;..67|
Following were the sales In the Pacific . Stock
Board yesterday: -
KKoriAH dIMITO*— 1O:T»,
200 Aloha.-.. 12,200 Con 1m....02i900 0ph1r. ..1.10
100 Alia 11 400 Con Y.;03l400 0vrmn....20
250 Ande5. ...34 800 Crwn Pt...48j300 Polos 1.22%
«00 Belcner. .4(1 300 04C.v..:.85 .:;..;..; 1.20
SOU B *8..... 70800 ;..... 86700 «Javc...>,;.79
300 Bullion.,.. '21(300 ....;. .....87 200 ...._... ...78
100Caleda...;l'2L'00 HAN... 1.40 500 Scorpion..os
300 Chllnge. ..84 200 .:_... 1.42% 400 8 B A M...13
100 Ch01r»..2.60 300 Ju5tice.. ..06,300 a Nt 60
200.......;.2.65 200 Kentucfc..O2 Union C..48
400 ....:. 3.67% 300 31exn.....65-200 Utah 11
fOO CCV...-.1.85 200 OCCd.r..Ufll 300 V J Mitt.. 42
160 Conn.i.o7i /a 800 ...... .....93l
. ', AriEEXOOM- BKB3IOTC— 3: IT. '
200 A10ha.. '...151150 CCV.1.82%i4000ccd......94
400 ......»...-.14 50 Conn. 1.07 i/i 300 .:..;. .....95
400 Alta....— 11200 ....... l.lO'-'OO 0ph1r...1.10
200 Andes... .B3 .00 1.16 300 Overman. 2o
200 Belcher.. 411300 C Poln:_..M 800 ............. 21
200 ...'.... 44 400GAC «7!H00 P0t051.22V%
150 BAB. 70200 HAN1. 42^:200 5av«......78
100 Bodle 48.-200 *..'..'.'... I.4i> 800 Scorpion..o6
300 8u11i0n... 2 1 400 .:..... 1.47% 300 SB*M.l2y,
100 8u1wer.... 32,800 Justice. ...o4 -200... ._..... 14
800 ....... 81:200 Kentck 02 tiNv......82
200Caleda.... 12400 Mcx 06 200 Uni0n. ....61
W)0 Cha11ge...34 '200 ...... 67:200 ...........63
100 ...........371100 Mono 191300 V Jckl-..42
400 Ch0ir... 2. 601 • '- - . |
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July 16— 4 P. n.
2BBg&£jgj&£-£ld.Atkcd.\ * 'J&&¥gGiy£i<i.AtJeed.
Alpha Con. ... 12 13 Jackson... 26 ■' —
Aita.... ........ 10 12Ju11a. ......... — 10
Andes..... 34 36 Justice.....;... OS —
8e1cher........ 48 44 Kentuck. OH - 03
Best A Belcher 71 73; Lady Wash.... — - 06
Benton Con 15 • —Mayflower. .. "; — 1.50
Bodie .;..'..V...- 43 45 Mexican..;;... 65 67 !
8u11i0n.:...... 22 , 84 M0n0.;..... — 20
8u1wer.. ....... 30 -Nevada Queen. 03 —
Caledonia...... 10 12 Occidental. . 95 97
Cbollar ........ 2.66 ,2.65 0ph1r... ....... .1.10 1.15!
Con. CalAVa... 1.80 -■ 1.85 Overman ' 21 22
Challenge Con. 36 38 P0t051.'.........1.20 1.25 '
Con. Imperial. 01 li 2 savage ..... 79 80S
Confidence 1.1 6 — iScorpion 05 06 j
Con New York — 03 set. Belcher...' 12 13 1
frown Point... 51 .- 62 Syndicate . — • 03
KastSierraNev — ■ (ftisilver Hill.. 02 03
Eureka Con... — 25 sierra Nevada. 61 62
Exchequer 05 06UnlonCon 60 52
GoulaACurry. 87 88 Utah 11 Vi
HaledtNorcrs.l-45 I.soi Yellow Jacket. 43 44
GOLD MIMING .EXCHANGE.
Champion..... Princess .
Bid- 250081 d . 62
A5ked.........; 80 00 Asked . 63
'Edna........... • Providence :
8id......; e?>Btd.... 5500
A5ked....;....-...... 01 Asked ...... ;...... 80 00
100 Grant — 14 100 Savannah 48
Keystone Con. : 200 ..._ 49
8id. ............ 6600200 60
B,d. .!f.^:::::::iooo 700 Hebaetopoi 60
Bid 1000 Thorpe
Asked ; 11 60 Bid j..;.. 60
600 Lock wood Con. 31 Asked 85
400 ........... 30 1
LOCAL SKCCTRITIK3.
Bid Spring Valley Water 98 25
Asked San Francisco Gas 94 50
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. July 16— p. K.
TTKITKU STATES BONDS.
Bid. Asked. - ■ Bid. Asked.
US 45 c0up.. 10734 - V S4s reg...189y 8 —
Do new Issuell3 —
■• ■ . ■!:• KISCILLANKiirs BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. 109% — Pacßoll M6S. ■ — _
Cal Elec L6s 117^ — D02d1565... — —
CntraCW6s — 94 I' A Ry 61' 105 120 •
Dpnt-stex-cp 9^ ' 100 PACh Ry6s. — 107
Edsn LAP6aI2IJ^ — Pwl-st RROs. — 116^ i
F&CHRR6S.IOS — Reno, WjutL - 106 1
Geary-stß6s.lOs — ' Sacto PA L. — 102^4
LoaAngLtts. — •' 99 'SFANPRSs. 98 99
Do Gnteed - — 100y« SPRRArIx 6s 93 . 96
Mkt-stCble6sl2oJ4 — BPRRCaI6s.IO9 115
DoKyConss..losV4lo6 SPRRCaI ss. — — •
Nat Vln6s Ist 96 - |SPBrRCal6s. — 99% I
NevCNgß7s. *5 105 SVWater6s..ll9»^ - '■
N PC.RR6s.loo%loSi^BVWater4s.. 99Vs 9»^
N Cal 6s. 100 ll^ StktnG&E 6s - 100
NBy Cal ss. — 100 SunsiTATßs. — —
Oak Gas 55. . 100 104 Va Suuer-Bißsa. 109 Vi 1;o
I)o2d Is 55.. 104 110 jVlsallaWCti* — — '
Omnibus b5.118% — j
.;■.; ; : * WATER stocks.
Contra Costa 37 89 I San Jose.... — —
MarlnCo.... 50 — |Sprng Valley 97% 98 •
GAS STOCKS.
Capital — 29 Pacific Lleht 47% 49%
Central 95 — San Krancsco 92*4 «3V»
OakGLAH 61»4 52 Vs. Stockton..... — 21%
PacGaslmp. 86Vl 87 |
. INSLHA.NCK STOCKS.
Flreman'aFdl7o — |Snn;... 25 60
COMMKRCIAL HANK STOCKS. >
AmerBATC — — LondonPAA.l26 129
A nglo-Ca1. . . . 61% — . LondonASK. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 236 Merch Ex... 18 —
CaISD&TCo — 67% Nevada — . —
FlrstNatlonl. — lß7%!Sather B Co. — —
Grangers . — — j
-' ' .. SAVIJfOS HANK STOCKS. .
OerSALCo.I33O 1370 iSavALoan.. — 10«
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security 260 360
Mutual 36 40 Union Trust. — 800
BFSavUnlon— 485
BTRRBT RAILROAD STOCKS. .
California.... 108 — Oak SLAHay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 Presidio 7 —
Market-U.... 43 43% Sutter-st — • —
rOWDKB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — [Giant C0n.... 23% 24%
Eastern D... 76 — ijudson D.... — •— 4 I
California.... 70 — 1VU0r1U..... . — 90c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. '.— 95 NatVinCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic 19 35%
Cal Cot Mills — — PacAnxKA 1 —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Kdlson Light — 119% Pac Roll Mill — ' —
GaaConAssn. — — |Parf PaintCO 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — lPacTr«DsCo. — 24
HawCASCo.. 18 IS^IPacTATCo. 10 —
Hutch SPCo SO 20% Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
Elec Light - 4%1 • .
; ,. .-.v- •- . BALES— IIOKSi.va HBXSI(>-«.
' Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 94 50
60 Hawaiian Commercial, D 6 18 50
lOSVWater. 98 37%
25 S F Gaslight 83 25
30 Hutchlnson 8 P Co. 20 76
SALU-AITUKOOX SBSSroS.
Board—
•lOSVWater J?H 25
'72:- do do 98 00
30 do do 9H 76
16 do do 7.. 98X7%
40 Hawaiian Commercial. 18 50
6 S F Gaslight 9300
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
WR Wallace, Cal E Webster. Mass
J H Mahon, San Jose F T Barnes, San Diego
T Hunt, Georgia Miss Hosford.Whltewate
P Ezrll. Georela 8 E carrington. Sacto
W running, Martlner c H Williams. Cal
A Kutner, Fresno J M Owens Salina*
T A James, Hopland a Frank. Sacto
A Radka. Fresno F W Georgeson, Eureka
T Hood Af, England B P Horton, Chicago
Mrs A Yell, H nford L Levlnsky, Stockton
J C Fratln. Oroviile Miss M Fratis. Oroville
C L Buggies, Stockton Mrs RuKgles, Stockton
Miss Rug les. stocktoa Mrs L Forrest. Stockton
J E Kipp, Chicago Mrs J Onuen, Santa Cruz
MinsL uutten.SantaCruz c H Martin,
J Keegan, Santa Rosa M RinehartAw.rittabure
F Johnson, sacto C Turkham, Chico
W H Julian. Fruto Miss Hatton, St John
H W Crlbb, Oakville W Townsend, Uollister
C R Monk, Tucson J Monk, Los Angeles
F BoughtonAw.Uontery P F Wood.RobinsonFery
LICK HOUSE.
A B Hlnckley, Olivet N P Halllnan, California
M G Richie A w.Oakville PKSchmidtAw.Calistoga
JMFulweilerAw.Aubun J L Delano. Koclclin
D E Knight, Marysvllle G L Hoxie, Fresno!
H V Moorebouse, s Jose H Elmore, Marysville
RRBulmore.NAlmaden G a Wallace, ll'-aldsburg
F A Elliott. Stockton J sDare, Fresno
F C Mcßrlde A w, Cal P Payne. Butte
J T Dorsey, Sta Barbara J Macleod, San L Obispo
SM Kradbury, Portland E L Cook & wf.NewVork
A W Fox, OrovtUe S W Muhon, Denver
HLBenjamtnAwf.Chico J C.inrt -Id, Seattle
G I) Upham, Merced J E Byrnes, Tucson
PR Bradlej, Sacramento A E Costello, San Jose
G P Wlnslow, Sta Clara A Helllman, California
G H Werner, Jackson F.PL ngerAwf.Brentwood
P Swasey, Ogden H T Coleman, California
J P Shea, Oroville W R Haskins A wf, Peta
Miss J Keith, Gilroy Mrs 3 KGarnett.WUlows
Mrs A Birch, i rland
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
R Foster, Portland O O Cone. Portland
S Wlepert. Portland E J Miller, Palo Alto
W Simmonds > lmhurst O X Vumato, Sacto
E W Baker, Portland H Greene, Portland
W McDonald. Riverside G W smith, Colusa
F E Reynolds, Oakland X lem. le, Stockton
T S Reynolds, Ls Angls A Tatman, Los Angeles
C W Fisher, Biggs Mrs A Beattie, sta Rosa
Mrs I Hastings, Wash A H Stut^man, lowa
J Johnston. Sacramento A Green, Corning
G T Wolf, Stockton T McConnell, Elk Grove
G E Clark A w, Ls Angls J Seitz, Benicla
Q M White, Stockton J Rowan, Stockton
J V> atson, Stockton G B ( ronk, 1 enver
Mrs Wells A dau.Ls Ang S Keiser A family, Ohio
Mis Cummings A dau, A Pugh, Laporte
Mendota W H Murgatroyd, Texas
H Morton A wf, Tacoma Mrs C W oarrett, Fresno
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F Hansen, Boulder H P Shaw, Boston
A Kesa, Nevada City T J Quigley, Seattle
W Smtth. Guatemala R Fox Philadelphia
J Martin, U S N J N Procior, Petaluma
X L Smith, Petaluma H C Matlock, Nan Jose
D Fisher Aw, San Jose J X King, Sacramento
W R Janiz. Chicago E F Sanborn, Portland
9 H Faircbild, Los Ang Mrs L D Cole, Portland
Mrs Goldstein, Portland LThomnson, Livermore
L D Yarrlngton, 'lacoma D McWade, Oakland
W smith, Oakland H Bishop. Oakland
W E I'roctor, bt Louis G Lewis. St Paul
C J Hammond, London E r Kipengo, London
J E Downey, London C H Pa tenger A w, B C
F H Lundstrom, Tacoma E Dodds, California
PALACE HOTEL.
E T Earl A w, Sacto O G Schulenberg,BtLouis
C F Joy, St Louis T Hopkins, Memo
R Barthels Jr. N V Mrs Bannister, Mont
Miss Bannister, Mont E X Trat man, S V
Mrs Tratman, NY B N'Stelnman, Sacto
F D Yarrlngton, Tacoma E M Ross, Los Ang
F B sargent A w, Boston X E Ross, Los Ang
E Mayor. Paris Mrs E M Ross, Los Ang
A Krauss, Guatemala R Fingall, Guatemala
C £ Mix, NY ED Bannister, Mont
E T McGonigie, Aril Mrs J Green, st Louis
Miss <;reen, St Louis H J Wenham, Keswick
MrsC R Anthony. Host n Mrs Kobinson, Wasbngtn
Miss Antnooy, Boston MissApperson.Washngtn
Miss Lane.Wasliington MrsN Kobinson, Washntn
D Oppenheimer, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C P Bars, tSN J Cain, Paris
F A Lyoti, Sacramento G Davig, Salvador
M 8 Loewensteln,Gua c- W P McEvoy, Redwood
mala nr Ruison, Reno
W Lackaye A wf, N V J Weir, Oakland
F R Brown. Philadelphia Mrs J V Kelly, San Jose
B P Barker, Livermore Miss Kelly, san Jose
J A Kiser, N V Mrs W R Clark, Stockton
s W de Witt, Wash, D C Miss Clark, Stockton
F X Sargent A w, Boston G J Campbell Jr, Vallejo
C E Downey, Pa C J Jackaon, San Jose
R H Kobb A w, San Jose L D Valentine. N V
R E Moore, san Jose Col C Reichenback. Wash
J A Muller, Seattle F McMullln. Portland
B Scott, Fresno F A Dillon, Fresno
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Samuel and Rosa Laven*on to Etta Brandt, Amy
Lavtnson and Clara Furth, lo: on S line of Oak
street, W 41 :» by » 120; $10.
Charles F. and Emma Moore, Louis and Cath
erine L^vy to Henry and Anne Goldschmidt, lot
on B line of Boyce street, 425 N of Geary, N 25 by
Albert M*. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Letltia
Rouutree. lot on W Hue of Central avenue (Lott).
126 S of Haight street, S 26 by W 112:6: flO.
Miguel. Vincent and Catallna Voe and Cataiina
Splivalo to J. S Marshall undivided one half of
lot on W line of Cnurch street. 177:6 N of Twen
ty-ihird. N 47:6 by W 117:6: $10.
Kdmnnd and Kebecca E. Marks to Hueh
Ke-nan lot on NW corner of Twenty-fifth street
and Hoffman avenue, (Ellen) N 76 by W 100; $10.
Mary Drum to LouU and M»ria Coutard, lot on
E lln» of Yerl* Buena street. 66:6 S of Clay, S 23
br I ho. »io.
Frank W. and Kmma A. Fuller to Catherine
Carey, lot on k. line of Twenty-second avenue,
160 M of l.ake. S 26 by X 120: $10.
Louis and BOM Lipnian and London and San
Francisco Bank, limited (by G. Fnedennch, nttor
neyi to James 11. Donohoe, lot on E line of Tenth
avenue. 125 N of I street, N 25 by E 120: $10.
A. A. and Wtelhelmina Tibbe (nee Cuthhertson)
to Mrs. A. Cutbbertson, lot on W line of Thir
teenth avenue, 220 N of N street, N 52 by W 120;
$260.
Oliver Andrews to John J. and Mary T. Dris
coll. lot on SW corner of Sixth avenue South and
L street South, W 50 b-.- 8 100, bcin? Hie E half o f
lot 132. block 122, Central l'nr< Homestead: $io.
JoneK, Allen A Co. to Martli.i J. lot on W
coruer of Rose and Arlington streets. NW 75 by
SW 30, lot 16. Jones Addition to Fairmouut Tract;
$10.
ALAMEDA COUSTT.
S. C. and Isabel U. Btgelow to Robert Hansen,
lot on NE line of Howe street, 40 NE from Ame
thyst, NE 40 by NW 125, being the NE 20 feet of
lot 2, and SW 20 feet of lot 9, block D, Thermal
Hill, formerly Howe Tract, Oakland Township;
$10.
Robert and Mary Hansen to Rosa M. Henkle,
same, Oakland Township; f 10.
William and Mary Hanson to Frank F. Am
brose, the 8 20 feet of lot 12, block C, Carrison
Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Almon H. Dixon to Sarah E. Dixon, lot on E
line uf Regent street (homestead), 331 S of Fali^
view. 8 139, E 89.90, N to a point which would be
intersected by a line drawn parallel with said N
boundary of lands of Gad Ayi win from a point on
W line of Adeline street distant 30 N from N bound
ary of lands of Gad Aylwin, thence ft. 90 to W line
of Adeline street, N to 8 line of Harmon, thence
W 226 to beginning, Berkeley: also, lot on W line
of Adeline street, 66.82 N from N line of Adeline,
said point being the NW corner of Adeline street
and lands of Burbank, thence N 49, W 168.09. N
44.14 to beginning, Berkeley; also, lot on W line
Adeline street, 189:4 S of Fairvlew, -s 42, W 115
by N 37.85, Eto beginning, block 2, Map of Prop
erty of A. B. Dixon, Berkeley: gift.
W. V. and Nellie F. Witcher to Georpe B. M.
Gray, lot on S line of Albion street, 120 W of
Telesrrapn avenue, S 143.13, W 54, N 142.89. B
64 to beginning, being the E 24-foot lot 27 and W
30 feet off rear of lots 24, 25 and 26, Alden Tract,
Oakland; $10.
J. R. Mead (trustee) et al. to Eleanor Tucker,
lot on N line of Mead avenue. 125 W of San Pablo.
W 35 by N 126, being lot 7 and E 10 feet of lot 8,
Mead Park, Oakland: $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Hugh M. Cochran with W. W. Rednall, to erect
a one -story building on lot on SW corner of Eu
reka and Nineteenth streets, W. W. Rednall archi
tect: $1850.
San Francisco Gas Light Company with W. S.
Snook A Son, plumbing, gasriuiug and sewer
work in a three-story brick building on lot on S
line of Post street, 115:4 W of Powell, Clinton Day
architect: $1677.
Estate J. B. Thomas (by trustees) with A. L.
Campbell, carpenter work, etc., for alterations and
additions to atwe-story hrtcW building on lot on N
line of Clay street. 179 :6 Eof Drumm, T. J. Welah
architect; $1227.
•—• — ♦ — «
THE CALL, CALENDARE.
Jriv, 1896.
So. Mo. Tn. JV. Th. 2^i J^j Moon'a Phaaea [■
1 2 S * /s"\JLaat Quarter. I
— ' July 2 .
5 6 7 8 '9 10 11 * : ~~ — —
©New Moon.
i^ *- « .« .«, ,i ,o Ju| y lo -
-19 20 21 22 23 24 25 v^iFltrt Quarter]
19 20 31 '22 33 24 26 *JJ July 17.
26 27 28 29 30 31 f*f\ Fail Moon.
■ Va/ . July 24.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of I)ep»itnre From San Franelaeo.
•
Santa Kosa. Ban Diego Julylß.llAMl Pier 11
Aram. ...;.. Coot iJ*T Julyie.lOAM Pier 13
Pomona Uumboldtßay Julyl6. : r ry Pier 9
Columbia... Portland ...... Julvl7.loam| Pier 24
•t Paul-.... -Nenoor. Julylß. Sam Pier 11
CltyPuebla.. Vie & Part Hod July 18. Yam Pier 9
Newport Panama Julylß,l2 mP M 8
faraiiOD... aaulna bar.. July 19, 9am Her 2
Arcata Portland July 20, 4 Pier 24
Corona san Disco Jul.v2U.llau ; Pier 1 1
Zealandta... Central Amer. Jnly2o.l2x Pier 27
▲ Biancharu Uregou i>or.s.. July 2l. Bpm Pier 13 '
D0ric........ ChlnaAJaoan. Jul'y2l, 3pm P.M. 8
Weeott Kel Kiver July.'l. 6pm Pier IS
Eoraka Ntwoort ...... July 22. tin Pier 1.1
tat* of C»; Portland...... July22.loAM ', Pier 24
Wall* Walla Vie & Pgt Bna July'JS. 9am ' Pier 9
Mannosa 5ydney........ !Jiilv23. 2pm Oceanic
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Stkamkb
!
KrdK
I
I>U<*
National City... Hum boldi Bay
StPaal... Newport. ...........
Farallon ....... Taanlna 8ay...... ......
A real a Portland.
Clcone.... ] Crescent City. ...........
Ciiv of Everett ! Nanaimo ...............
Mexic0.......... San Dieg0...............
Crescent City. .. I Crescent vaty_. .........
Progressist...... ■ Departure Bay .......
Weeott. ! l£ei Kiver
Stateof Cat.... ' Portland.;...:
Alice Blanchard Oregon ports
Walla Wa11*. ... i Victoria <£ Pnaec sonna
Fonaona. ....... Hnmboiat nt>r... .......
Mackinaw ...... l'*roma
China China and Japan.......'.
KureKa ...... Newp0rt.......... .....;
Pr05re50. ...;... Seattle-
AlCHtraz.."...... Yaqulna Bay
Ara«ro Coos Bay ,
North fork. Hum bold t Bay
l"»nl» Ko»«-. .... Han Dieco. p.
Orizaba ..... | Mexico......
Empire 'Portland
..July 16
..July 16
..July IB
..July 16
..July 16
..July 17
..JulvlH
..July 18
..July 18
..July 19
. July 19
..July 19
..July 19
..July 19
..July 20
..July 20
..July -JO
..July 20
..July 20
..July2l
..July 21
..July 22
..July '23
..July 25
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. B. Coast ANT» GKODKTIO StTRVBT Tn»)
Bri.r.itTi!r Published bt Official . V
■ ACTIIOKITY OF THI SuPHRrNTRSDKST. )
Thursday, July 18. Mart
5unri5e5............ 4.59i.M00n rUe5...... .
Sun sots 7.32|M00n seta.. 10.47pm
——————
.Jnlv — 1896.
I Time F(Bet Time Fw(t | T|me | Feet TlmeJ Fw(t
S H W L, W ' I H W L W|
13, 0.26 5.8 7.25 1 — 0.7' 2.34
14 1.24 54 8.07—0.2 3.07
15 2.26 4.9 a 5 6 0.4 3.4b
16 3.44 4.3 9.38 1.) 4.22
17 6.12 4.1 10.24 1.7 5.07
L W JH W L W
IS] 0.01 0.8 6.48 4.0 IJ.IB
5.2; Tab 576
6.2! 8.36 2.2
5.4 9.46 1.8
5.5 10.15 1.3
6.7 : ....
H W
2.4 j 6.65 5.8
. Notx— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early - morning tides are , given : in ■ the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In I the
order of occurrence as -to time. . The ; second time
column gives the second tide of. the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the . United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign ( — > precedes th«
height, and then the number given is subtractiv*
i from the depth eivon hv the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydkoqbaphic Ofkictk. U. S. N., ■>
MIBCBANTS 1 KICHANSK. S-
San Fbancisco. July 16. 1898. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill wa^ trooped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the l'JOtb
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. v., Greenwich time,
A. F. Fkchtklkh,
1 'pntenniit V *. N. in chnrge.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE
f - - Arrived. •
' WEDNESDAY. July 16.
' Btmr Corona, Doran. 19 - hours fm Eureka;
< paR» and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins A Co. -
Stmr Navarro, Hard wick, 10 hours from Bo wens
Landing^OO M. ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Stmr Bonita, Downing, 18 Vfe hours from ■ San
Simeon and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins
<$ Co. . ' ' •"Wpwnftrr tu in| ftM'nmt**MHßammMUPw
. Stmr Protection, Elletsen, 14 hours from Point
Bur; bar*, to Herman * Mayer. .
- Mlneola,Tillsbury. 85 hours from Tacoma"
3300 tons coal, to S P Co. Up river direct. '
Btmr . Whltesboro, ' Johnson, 21 Hours from
Cleone; rr ties, to L X White Lumber Co
Brstmr Linlitheow. Petrle. 20 days from • Xaea
sakl: ballast, to Baltour, Guihrie &Co 'n-r
-, Bark Ceylon. Calhoun, 25 days from Honolulu
-14,70a bags sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co. '
Cleared. .;
■■ U ■■■■■■■ '..:'■■ WEDNESDAY. July 18.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San DJego: Good
all, Perkins A Co. ' v * wv *-
Sp^e^Bros^cT' PWi "' Bo^^ » »
::■'■■■ \-- ••: <.}■ : ._■:..■■■ SJalle^. . : -
'■''■'■ '"' *■ WEDNESDAY, July lft.
Stmr Alcatraz, Wai Yaquina Bar
: Stmr Greenwood. Carlson. T
r Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Ship Si John, Kales. New York. • •
Baric Alden Besse, Potter. Honolulu.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
f Schr Christina Steftens, Nordllng:, Walsh Land
ing. - -. ;■ . . . i
Schr Five Brothers. Rasmussen.
bchr Jessie Minor. Whitney, Eureka.
Bchr Mary Ktta, Wetzel, Collins Landing.
.Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. > July; 15-10 r. it -Weather,
cloudy, wind W; velocity. 16 mue* • .>
■A /....... .: :. Charters. v -
The bark R P Rlthet Is chartered for wheat and
' flour to Sydney. 20s. ; -:. ' - .. ■
■ The Br barks Assel and Rohilla, now on the way
to this coast, will load redwoodjat Noyo for Eng
land.
. Jpnlccn. ' - '*- -'. ' '
July 9— Lat 4S, long 30 W.'Br bark Ladas, from
Liverpool, for Hono ; ■-- ' ■
, 'li<im'«Mtio Ports-
PORTTOWKSENU- Sailed July 15— Bktn
(Skagit, for Santa Barbara.' '; , ,_'
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed July 12-Schr Sal
vator; for Han Pedro. ' ; , . ,„ _. ■
SALMON BAY-To sail ' Jnly 13-Schr Ma
weema. for Newport. " '
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 15-Schr
Alice, irom Eureka. „ , T^.
saiieii July 16-Nor atmr Peter Jebsen, for Na
■ ALBlON— Arrived July 16— Schr Sacramento,
RKKA -Arrived July 18-Stmr North Fork,
hence July 14; stmr Farallon. from Yaqulna Bay;
stmr Arcata, from Astoria; stnir Excelsior, hence
'saNPEDRO— Arrived July.ls— Vesta, fm
fort am hie. ';
Sailed July 15— Stmr Tillamoolt.
Sailed July 15— Schr . Ben ha Dolbeer, for .New
por:: National City and Farallon, for San
Francisco. 'Jnlv 15— Schr Metha Nelson.
Launched July 15-Schr Metha Nelson.
• NAVARRO — Sailed" July l£>— simr Point
Arena, tor .Sun Francisco.' ' /*,„
OLYM PIA-salled July 14-Schr Maggio C Buss
for San Francisco.
Fore i grn Port*.
ADELAIDE— SaiIed July 14— Br bark Astoria,
for Aat ria. , „ _ . .
151 ACHY HEAD— Passed July : 13— Brship
DairymDle, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— ArrivaI July 13— Br stmr Alt
more, •rom Portland; Brstmr Empress o. Japan,
from Vancouver. ' "_■'" ■ , , .
HULL-Arrived July 14— Br ship Bardowie, hno
?QUIQUE— Arrived July 11— Br bark Inch
Kei'h. from Vancouver. - - , •■ ■■• \ ■"-■
MOLLKNDO— Arrived July Brship Cocker
mouth, from Port Gamble. ._»_.—
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived July 14— Br ship Re
liance, hence March 22. fgH&B&S
Movements of Train- Atlantic SteamoM.
: NEW-YORK— Arrived July 16— 3tmr Fume*
sia, from Glasgow and Movllle.
Sailed July 15— stmr St Louis, for Southampton;
stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool. '•'
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out July Stnir
Lahn. '
.Sailed July 15-Stmr Spree, for New York.
BO LOON E— Arrived out July 15-Stmr Edam.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out July 16— -stmr
Aurania; stmr Germanic. '
GENOA— Arrived out July 15— Stmr Fulda-
ROTTERDAM— July 15— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed July 14— Stmr Mobile, from
New York, for London.
LEWIS island— Passed July 14-Btmr Pala
tia, from Hamburg, for New York. ■ •■-.
NEW YORK— July Stmr Norman«
nia, from New York, for Hamburg. .
Importation*.'
SANTA MARIA— Per Bonita— l462 ska barley.
Los Alamos— lX9 hogs.
San Simeon— l 36 head cattle.
Lompoc— 92 empty barrels, Ics baking powder,
1 pkg dry goods. 21 bhls seaweed, 28 bxs butter,
303 sks mustard, 56 hogs. . .
EUREKA-Per Corona— bxs butter, 1 pkg
rubber, 1 bicycle. 1 bbl whisky. 2 bbls mineral
water, 300 he.d sheep, 874 M shingles, 1 crate
patterns, 18 Mft lumber, 50 hf-sks wool, 1 pkg
mJse, 1 sk coin, 11 pkss express.
E R and Eh. R— l wool press screw, 25 tubs 279
bxi butler ■£ bbls 10 cs cider, 2 bxa brads, 1 pkg
mdse, 1 bz dried fruit. ' ■' *
Burnell— 4s sks wool.
Cnn*igrnen«.
Per Brigham, Hoppe<fc Co; Carroll &
Carroll; Boston Woven Hose and Rubber Co: E O
Steams; Dodge, Sweeney <&Co; Dairymen's Union
Enterprise Brewery, F Chevalier & Co: Humboldt
Mineral Water Co; Getz Bros & Co: F Chevalier <fc
Co; J G Johnson: Wleland Brewing Co; McKay <&
Co; J BHantfy.Thos Demean, Son & Co; National
Ice Co; Pacific Rolling-mills ; Standard Oil Co ; R
Ryan; Tlllmann & Bendel; Norton, Teller <fe Co;
Witzel <& Baker; Kuss, Sanders & Co ; Hills Bros;
Smith's Cash Store: Wheaton, Breon <& Co:. United
Stales Brewery; Wells,' Fargo & Co; Commercial
Transfer Co; F B Haunt; Ross * Hewlett; J Wool
ner; Jealorlse <& Delorlse: O B Smith &■ Co.
Per Bonita— H Dutard; Brigham, Hoppe <fc Co;
South San Francisco Packing and Provision Co;
Standard Oil Co: Cal Bottllnc Co: Kowalsky A Co;
Dodge, Sweeney <k Co; Hills Bros: Getz Bros & Co;
Wheaton, Breon & Co: C X Whitney & Co; Both,
Blum <& Co; Horn* Judge; Tlllmann & Bendel: 9
P Milling Co; Murphy, Grant & Co; L Juri Co;
Cry stal Soda Water Co.
OCEAS STEAMSHIPS.'
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /V days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, §>_ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, ITI "*
AUSTRALIA. \Lp S.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. MARIPOaA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, July 23,
at 2 v. m. ■ ; -V
S. a. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. August 4. at 10 a. it. . Special party rates.
Line to COOLO A H DIE. Anst., and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. - •
J D. SPRECKELS BROS. CO., Agents,
11* Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st., San Francisco.
ASTORIA AITPORTLAk
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH? INCLUDED.
Columbia sails '.June- 2 7, July 7, 17 and 27
Elate of California sails. ......... July 2, 12 and 23
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. «C
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Sup Is.
X l . F. CONN OH, General Agent.
' . . 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COfIPAM
STEAMERS ■ WILL SAIL FROM _W»
Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as -gC9»
follows: ' . ™"
For Mary Island. Lortnac Wrangel. Juneau. Kll-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. it, July 3, 1&
18. 28 mi . c. la, _';
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Towa-
•end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
July 3, -. 13. 18, 2* 28, ana every fifth)
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltH
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. fi-
at Seattle with .G. N. By., at Port Townsend witS
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields ! Landlne (Hum-
bold Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. it. -jury 5. 8. 12,
16 20. 24, 2m and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey,' San Simeon, Cayncos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. >Un Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m., Julj
2, o. 10. 1 1, is, sm, 2b. 30 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For Ban Diego, stopping only at Port Harfort
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M.. ni'y ■■■ o. 12. lb. 'JO, 84, -2* and every
fourth day thereafter.
For fensenada. San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
■ Paz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba.
10 a. it, in y 3ana26tlii»f e»ch mom thereafter
Tiucet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. •
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gem Agent*.
-- 10 Market, st. San Francisco.
COMPAGHE GE JERAL HIIRITI.UTIQOI
French Line to Havr<i
i-lOMPANY's PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH • jtwtl
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers br _C£Aj_fe
this line avoid both transit oy English railwaying
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, Kgypt, via P_ri_
first-class $160: second-class, $11_
I.A TOURAINE. Capu SanteUi.. . May 2A 8 a v
LANORMANDIB Mav -'a 8 tit
LA GA6U0GNE..................:: J a •2a7 I _"
LASOK.IA.\I)IiS.. M -» ..July 4. 6L Si
LA OA6OOONK ..:...-. July 25 11 tm"
LA NORM A NDIE August 1 sa! ML.
LA BOURGOGNE. Capt. Leboeuf. .June 6 7 a. m!
__r For further carticaiars apply to
-' •••■_•_ A. FORGET. Agent.
. » -tt« ?£ s^ B^inc Green, New Yorfc
0 -' ***»* * »*«*»—
-fi^ft_K HAMBURG-AMERICAS LWK
g^J^?^P^g TWIN-SCREW express
■ •S3S2SE«K3cr ' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg, Paris <fc itambunt
F. Bismarck.... July 23 I A. Victoria... a ugmt 13
Normannia.... August 6 I F. Blrmarok. Aucus-
I. Cab.; $76 and upward: < 11. Cao., $45 and unward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4M, h.. free of charift7
by special train; CHERBOUKG-PARIS, 6% h.
- For passage apply Hambi'rg-Amkbican link,
37 Broadway, N. \ ... or to KAHX A MKRZOG,
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco. Cai.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE~XSPINWALL AttOS^
fortnightly for the West Indies and -ctflSjf
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourga,
: France, and Plymouth to land passengers. ' C ' .
- Through bills of lading, In connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and tree*
■ are to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; third
«i... $97 60. For further particulars apply to
. - . 1-ARROTT & CO., Agents.
| 306 California a_
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier i No. 3, Washington St..
At O P. M. Daily, rreight, received up
to.>: 3!) V. jI. . *
93- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAATEKs: ' .
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary liurrutt. City of Stockton.
. 'Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impu (Jo
riLLEIO. MARE ISL «d! "BE^ICIA, POET
COSTA AND CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELXiO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o — . m
and 4F. X. : Saturday, 10:30 a. _ 3 :30 rMI
Sunday— B r. k.
KM. only.
a-_tdl»«, Mission 1, Pt«r
STEAMER ALVISO,
For Alviso, San Jose, leaves Pier 1 dally at 10 A. if
(Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at 7 p. if. (Sat-'
urdays excepted). Freight and . Passenger 'Fare
between san ; Francisco and Alviso, 50c- to San
Jose. 75c W. H. SMITH. Agent. Clay st..* Pier 1.
J. T. MARTXN, Agent, 20 W. Santa Clara st~ Sail
Jose. '-- ."-•■■MILES OF TRACK
THAT DISAPPEAR,
Dalton Proves That It Es
caped the Notice of the
State Board.
RYAN'S TEN PETITIONS.
His Corporations Ask That a
Million Bs Taken From
Their Assessments.
HE. MORE-HOUSE TO APPEAR.
All tke State Equalizers Subpenaed
to Come Forward and Make
Explanations.
Oakland Office San Feaxcisco Oall,)
908 Broadway, July 15. \
Assessor Dalton scored one point to-day
against the railroad. The tight being
made by the Southern Pacific is that it is
being assessed twice for the same track in
this county. Mr. Dalton has discovered
that there are 200 miles of track in this
county and the State board assesses only
ninety-six, and he declares he is certainly
entitled to tax the remaining 104. This
statement caused the board to issue sub
penas for all the members of the State
Board of Equalization to explain matters.
No leas than ten applications for reduc
tion of assessments were filed to-day by
E. Black Ryan in behalf of the various
Southern Pacific corporations. They in
cluded the Southern and Central Pacitic
Railroad companies, the Pacific Improve
ment Company and the Oakland Railway
Company (SanPablo and Telegraph ave
nue car lines) which asked for a total re
duction of |1, 404, 615.
Immediately on the board's coming: to
order this morning the clerk read a letter
from C. M. Coglan, clerk of tne State
Board of Equalization. He said the board
would meet next Monday, and as coon as
the request for an extension of ten days'
time was acted upon ne would wire the re
sult. As the matter now stands the Board
of Equalization must make all calculation
upon closing up its business on next Mon
day. No case can be set for bearing after
that until tne request for an extension of
time is granted and that fact cannot now
be ascertained until noon Monday at the
earliest.
Mr. Ryan then tooK the floor and pre
sented his petitions one at a time. He
made his arguments in each case as he
presented it. which took him until nearly
12 o'clock. The first was the Southern
Pacific's assessment upon one-third of a
mile of roadway into the gravel nit at
Nllet, assessed at $300, and one-fourth of a
mile of roadway to a wine cellar at Irving
ton at $400, and a sidetrack at Newark for
$1500. The Central Pacific Company's
case followed. It was assessed for three
and a half miles of railroad and rolling
stock at 1125,000, forty miles of sidetrack
at $60,000, franchise $250,000, Long Wharf
$250,000. .«  -; "■'
rt In taking up the first case Mr. Ryan
said: '*■ "Your petitioner avers that the
State Board of Equalization only has the
power to assess the above property, under
article XII, section 10, of the constitution
of the State of California; that your peti
tioner operates its railroad in more than
one county in the State, to wit, in more
than fourteen counties, and has made re
turn of all the above property to said
board; and said board will assess the same
for the year 1596; that said board has
assessed said property for years past, and
the taxes thereon have been paid."
In denying the right of Mr. Dalton to
assess the Seventh-street line as a separate
line, Mr. Ryan said: "The franchise of
that line has been amalgamated with the
Central Pacific franchise and the city of
Oakland has no control over that line.
That franchise is now extinct."
The request is for a reduction of the
Southern Pacific assessment from $2200 to
$5, and the Central Pacific from $655,000 to
$10, on the above grounds. Continuing,
Mr. Ryan said, -'We offer no objection to
the amount of Mr. Dalton's assessment,
but the State board claims the right to
and has always heretofore assessed this
property, which cannot be doubly as-
Bested. I would rather accept Mr. Dal
ton's figures, personally, for they are less
than the State board assesses us. The real
contention snould be between Mr. Dalton
and the State board."
Then came the petition of the Northern
Hallway Company asking for a reduction
from $115,000 to $10. This is the Berkeley
branch from Snell Mound. Mr. Ryan
made the same claim for exemption as in
the cases before mentioned, In the case
of the ferry depot at the end of the mole
the figures were $150,000 for improvements.
He asked that these be reduced to $85,000
and $7000 respectively, and for evidence as
to their value referred the board to the
testimony in their possession taken last
year of W. S. Palmer, the company's resi
dent engineer. The narrow-gauge depot
was assessed at $45,000, and was only
worth $25,000. The board could see the
testimony of L. Filimore, taken last year.
The Pacific Improvement Company
asked that the assessment of $134,950 on
the undivided interest in a tract of marsh
land equal to 449 89 acres be reduced to
$65,000. This land is situated on the Aia
meda shore of the Oakland harbor along-
Bide the narrow-gauge tracks. The Cen
tral Pacific had about sixty acres of marsh
land over there which the Assessor had
assessed at $300 per acre, making a total of
$18,000. This they asked to have reduced
to $1800. Mr. Kyan said the land was
worth nothing. If he had to improve it
he would not take it for a gift. He" closed
by asking the board to go over and Bee it
themselves.
Assessor Dalton answered these state
ments. He first produced the State
statutes, and turning to section 3665 read:
"Within twenty days after the first
Monday in August the board must appor
tion the total assessment of the franchise,
roadway, rails and rolling-stock of each
railway to the counties, or cities and coun
ties, in which such railway is located in
proportion to the number of miles of rail
way laid in such counties and cities and
counties." He thou that the State
Board of Equalizers should apportion to
Alameda County the taxes on. the entire
length of the road in this county. He held
that the main and side tracks should be
counted in the total. This was against the
stand taken by Ryan, who claimed that
the ninety-six miles assessed was all there
was to assess. -<■■
Mr. Dalton produced the figures of the
State board and submitted them to the
board. They are:
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mileage of main track in State, 96.16.
Total assessment, $1,300,000.
Main track in Alameda County, 31.46 miles.
Assessed value per mile, $13,519 13.
Total assessed value for county, $425,312.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY. . .
Length of main line in State, 1736.40 miles.
Total assessed value, $16,250,000.
Length O mala track in county, 1.40 miles.
Assessed value per mile, $9358 44.
Total assessment for Alameda County,
913,102.
NORTHERN RAILWAY COMPANY.
Length of main track In State. 385.25 miles.
Total assessed value. $3,100,000.
, i>ength of main track in Alameaa County,
10.50 miles. .
Assessed value per mile, $8046 73.
Total assessment for Alameda County,
$84,490.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD COMPANY.
Main track in State, 746.76 miles.
Rate per mile, $17,408 53.
Total assessment, $13,000,000.
Length of main track in Alameda County,
83.14 miles.
Total assessment in Alameda County,
Mr. Da) ton said he had 200 miles of
track which he could point out to the
board. Supervisor Taicott wanted to
know if the Assessor recommended the
assessment of the untaxed portion.
"Well," he replied, "you have hfty-rJve
miles of it on the books now, and I be
lieve it should stay there."
Supervisor Church moved that the Clerk
be instructed to issue subpenas for f be
members of the State Board of Equaliza
tion and their clerk, requiring their pres
ence in this city next Friday morning at
11 o'clock, to give testimony as to how the
assessments of the railroad company's
tracks are made and to show how Alameda
County only gets an apportionment of
ninety-six miles when there are 200 miles
of track in the county. The resolution
was passed.
Tbe application of the Piedmont cable
line ask 3d for a reduction from $2(51,475
to $79,455. The hearing was set for 2
o'clock Friday. A double assessment is
charged by J". E. Baker of the Alameda
Savings Bank. The money in tbe bant
assessed was deposited in another bank
before the first Monday in March, and had
been paid for by them, hence he should
not be assessed. This was set for to-mor
row morning.
SAVED A LIFE.
The Alameda Klectrlc Line Proves the
Usefulness of Their Fenders
Without a Dummy.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 15.— Tbe Ala
meda electric line has proved the effi
ciency of its fenders and used a two
year-old boy instead of the usual dummy.
The boy is still alive and in no wise in
jured, to which the company points with
pride and claims its fenders the best in
use.
TGis afternoon little Harry Brown of
Alameda was playing on the street. Not
noticing an approaching car ne ran across
tbe tracks of the electric line directly in
front of car 19 and was knocked down.
The spectators expected the usual fatal
result, but were greatly surprised to see
the fender piCK tbe child up and carry him
along without a scratch. The car was
soon stopped and the boy taken out.
W. K. » liter's Funeral.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 15.— The services j
over the body of the late W. E. Miller were
Held at the lamily residence, 1277 Webster
street, this afternoon at 2 o'clock. The
parlors were profusely supplied with
sweet peas and lilies. Upon the doors
hune great wreaths of sweet peas and the
i calianthus, which was Mr. Miller's favor
\ ite rlower.
The services were conducted by Rev. E.
! S. Chapman, who came home from Lytton
I Springs for the purpose. The pall-bearers
: were Isaac L. JRequa, Henry Rogers,
Thomas Prather. W. H. Knight, Mack
Webber and J. L. Bromley. The inter
ment took place at Mountain View Ceme
i tery and was private.
SAN LORENZO ELOPERS,
Farmer Lavin of the County
Infirmary Weds Mamie
Ross.
Told No One of Their Intention and
Cau-e a Short-Lived Social
Sensation.
Oakland Office San Francibco Call,)
908 Beoadway, July 15. J
The quiet little town of San Lorenzo is
busy discussing an elopement. One of its
fairest belles named Mamie Ross disap
peared Monday afternoon. As San Lo
renzo is like one large family the loss of
one of its members is at once the business
of the whole community.
Next morning it was also discovered
! that Thomas Lavin of San Leandro was
; missing. Lavin is the farmer employed
I at the County Infirmary, and is a very
i industrious, steady young man. It was
j known that he had made a fe«v calls on
( Miss Ross, but a marriage was not anticipa
| ted. Both parties live with their respective
j mothers and are highly respected.
Tuesday morning the news was received
that Mr. and Mrs. Lavin were living at
the groom's mother's house in San
Leandro. They had met in Oakland and
were quietly married and no one's consent
was asked.
Monday night Miss Ross' big brother
went on a •■ unt in a mood that boded no
good to any one who might cross him.
He came home late, but refused to talk,
and it is supposed that he discovered the
elopement and thought he had better keep
his bands off.
Mrs. Ross said to-night that Mamie is
in good hands and that her only grievance
is that she was not asked to give her con
sent.
All parties concerned will bury the
hatchet in a few days and San Lorenzo's
ephemeral sensation will be but a memory.
Twenty-four Governments, including
the United State*, Japan, China, Persia,
and nearly all the European countries,
have given official notice that they will
exhibit in Paris in 1900.
California University Quartet En Route.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 15.— The University of California male quartet will leave on a concert tour through the central
part of the State to-morrow. The cJub is composed of C. R. Morte, T. A. Smith, Dwight Hutchinson and Frank Arirall. Their
first concert will be given to-morrow evening at San Rafael. The following evening they will perform at Petaluma, and then their
tour through the small towns south, such as tianta Cruz, Watsonville, Salinas, Monterey and Ban Luis Obispo. will be begun. The
singers will vary their programme with music on their banjos and guitars, in which they will be assisted by Durant *91 and Bald
win '94.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
LUDLOW TESTS
MEETS FATE,
Nature Proves That He
Will Be the Next
President
MAKES A UNIQUE TEST.
The Master Car- Repairer's Faith
in Flowers Cannot Be
Shaken.
WAS ENCOURAGED BY BRYAN.
McKinl^y's Name Grew One Inch
When the Democrat c Nomina
tion Was Made.
Oakland Officb San Francisco Call,}
908 Broadway, July 15. )
One of tbe most original tests of the
chances of William McKinley has been
Master Car-Repairer Ludlow's Test, Which He Declares Has Settled the Fat© of
McKinley.
| made by Master Car Repairer Ludlow of i
the Southern Pacific. Mr. Ludiow said to- ;
day that the result of the test proves that
the Ohio mau will assuredly be the next
President.
Mr. Ludlow places great faith in nature.
He believes that any question askea her
will be truthfully answered. His method
of procedure is somewhat unique, but he
I insists that it is logical and based upon
correct conclusions.
When McKinley was nominated. Mr.
Ludlow was anxious to know whether his
election was certain. The man who has
repaired all the cars of the great corpora
tion for an ordinary lifetime is a pro
nounced protectionist. He was very en
thusiastic over McKinley and when the
St. Louis nomination was made he could j
n«t patiently wait to know what next '
November would produce. He decided to j
consult nature.
As soon as his day's work was done Mr. j
Ludlow prepared a section of his garden
and marked out the word "McKinley". in ,
trenches. Into these he sowed alternan- j
thera seeds and all around it he planted ,
green moss.
He then muttered some incantations and *
j said, "if he is to be elected, those seeds
; will all start up and the name of the next
' President will soon appear in red on a i
green background."
In a few days the young plants shot
through the soil and looked healthy.
"When the Chicago convention met," said
Mr. Ludlow to-day, "they seemed to hesi-
I tate and I was somewhat despondent about '■
! the success of my man. When, however i
the Democrats fairly got down to business j
and the free silver shouts reached the j
West, the plants lifted their heads. When
I went to look at them on the morning
after the nomination of Bryan I saw they
had grown nearly an inch in the night.
"I consider that these facts augur most
favorably, and I feel confident of success
i for my candidate. I know I am right.
; You can always depend upon nature to dp
the proper thing at the proper time."
Then Mr. Ludlow told a little story of i
how he had used a plant to get the truth j
out of a boy employed at the railroad
shops. "It was a sensitive plant," said
| Mr. Ludiow. "and after the boy had told
ime his story I said : 'Now, touch that
plant, and if yWve told the truth it will
remain as it is; if you've lied, the plant
J will ail shrivel up.' He touched it, the
i plant shriveled up, and he thereupon told
ime the truth. The plant is of the same
[ kind that are in the park conservatory.
That, however, was a joke on nature, but
my McKinley test is thoroughly reliable."
The McKinley garden was thriving
eloriously to-day. "If I did not vote for
McKinley after that," said Ludlow, "I
should be worse than an infidel."
FIRE IN BERKELEY.
Job Hatfield's Home Burned to the
Ground.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 16 — The house
of Job Hatfield, a contractor employed in
San Francisco, situated high up in the
hills behind Berkeley, was burned to the
ground this evening.
The fire was discovered about 7 o'clock,
and an alarm was at once turned in at the
Columbia Fire Company. It wa? impossi
ble to reach the scene with the fire appar
atus, however, and the firemen confined
their efforts to saving furniture.
The tire was first observed by Mrs. Hat
field, who found the basement of the
dwelling full of smoke. Ascending the
stairs she discovered that the flames had
already reached the upper stories, and all
efforts to contest their progress were un
avaihng.
It is thought that an oil stove was the
cause of the tire.
Mr. Hatlield's residence was at the cor
ner of Cedar street and Bonte avenue. It
was valued at $1500 and was partially in
sured. The dwelling was occupied by Mr.
and Mrs. Hatrield and their children" who
spent the night after the fire with a neigh
bor.
A Populist Paper.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 15.— The Indus
try Publishing Company has incorporated
with $3000 capital stock, of which $1280 has
been subscribed. The subscribers and
shares are: P. B. Preble, $1000; J. M.
Moore, $10; J. A. Hennessy, $200; J. C.
Butner, $20, and R. E. Bush, $20.
The company proposes to do a general
printing and publishing business. It also
runs the Industry, a weekly Populist pa
per. It is asserted that the latter may bo
published daily during the campaign.
RAMMED THE BRIDGE.
Webster-Street Draw Saved by
the Liberal Use of a
Hatchet
The Paul and Willie Breaks Adrift.
A Big Barge in the Way of
Navigation.
Oakland Office Pak Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 15. j
This was an unlucky day for shipping
on the estuary. As thefschooner Mary
Bnhne was trying to dock at Webster
street wharf she started a seriea of acci
dents that left the schooner Paul and
Willie a helpless wreck, threatening de
struction to tbe drawbridge.
The Paul and Willie was leaving the
wharf as the Mary Buhne approached.
Somehow the two craft locked booms and
the Mary liuhne plowed along the rail of
the Paul and Willie, leaving destruction
in her wake. The iatter's boom was
snapped off and her mooring being loos
ened she drifted fast down on to the Web
ster-street drawbridge.
The punch she gave tbe bridge disturbed
the tender and he climbed upon the bridge
and created a dramatic scene with a
hatchet. He knew that a few good drives
would destroy the bridge and throw him
out of a job, so he vigorously chopped
away at the schooner's stays and when he
was through nothing was left standing but
the masts. The Mary Buhne got off
easily and docked in safety.
A large barge broke away from its moor
ings this afternoon and floated on the tide
through the drawbridge. It was right in
the way of the large ship Craigmore that
was towing out, and a collision was only
averted by Charles Chambers, watchman
at. the Adams wharf. Chambers and two
companions worked for two hours towing
I tbe barge to a place of safety and they
I declare that unless they are recompensed
I they will claim the barge for salvage.
Louis Porter Beleased.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 15.— Louis Porter
has been released from tbe Stockton
asylum. He was committed several
months ago for attempting a harrangue
and the drawine of a revolver in the First
Unitarian Church.
John P. Irish and others captured and
disarmed him, when he was taken to the
Citj Prison. It caused considerable ex
citement in the church, which was
crowded.
AFTER THE PROPRIETOR.
The Plant of the Observer Dis
appeared During the
Night.
Foreman Ball He.d an Assignment
of It to Pay the
Printers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Calx,)
908 Broadway, July 15. j
The Observer was not published this
morning. Seven weeks ago the paper was
born in the night. It came into existence
on the eve of the awarding of the city
printing contract. It had to be out on a
certain morning in order to bid. Type
was distributed at night, a press was pro
cured after dark and printers were enticed
out of their beds to get out the new paper.
Everything was successful, and next
morning every householder in the center
of the city found the Observer on his door
step.
It disappeared last night Ever since
its birth the "ghost" of the Observer has
been of a very intermittent character.
Thinps got so cramped on Monday
that the printers were paid with the fol
lowing check:
Oakland, July 13, 1896.
I hereby assign all my right, title and inter
est in and to the Observer to Thomas M. Ball
in consideration of wages due the compositors
employed thereon. This assignment includes
all the material and paraphernalia use&in
the publication and printing of said Observer.
Frank H. Robinson,
Publisher and proprietor The Observer.
Witness:
A. F. Eldridge,
F. J. Gregory.
Yesterday morning the money was to
have been paid, but as it was not on hand
the printers were the owners of the plant.
When they went to the office this morn
ing they found that a large part of the
plant had been removed during the night.
Ball at once concluded that Robinson had
taken the material and this alternoon he
swore nut a warrant for Robinson's arrest
for grand larceny.
The paper has been runnine behind ever
since it started and when Robinson's bid
for the city printing was not accepted the
crisis came.
"Frank Robinson broke into that office
and carried away those lorms," said Mr.
Ball this morning, "and I will make it
hot for him. When he made that assign
ment to me there was a chattel mortgage
on the property, and, unless I am greatly
mistaken, we can put him through for
that. It is* just Dossible that the Prosecut
ing Attorney may be correct about the
burglary business, but the property is
worth $500, und I think that amounts to
grand larceny."
The city editor of the Observer said to
night that the paper will be published in
another office, in accordance with a con
tract recently ma<le.
Frank Robinson, proprietor of the Ob
server, was arrested to-night on a charge
of grand larceny sworn to by Thomas
Ball.
"This is a cinch job of my printers," he
said, "because they learned that 1 was go
ing to have my printing done on ma
chines. They agreed on a special rate
and now they want the whole thing. The
assignment 1 made was not legal, anyhow.
I got out my paper to-day so as to save my
legal advertising, and I expect to get
bonds in a short time and be at work
under different conditions to-morrow."
THROWN FROM A WAGON.
H. F. Freeze, a Dairyman, and a Little
Girl rain fully Injured.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 15.— H. F. Freeze,
a dairy produce dealer, living at Nine
teenth street and Broadway, had a narrow
escape from death this evening. He was
driving home, and on descending the hill
in Hayes Canyon, near town, he applied
the brake, as his team was slipping.
The connections broke and the horses
ran away, throwing Freeze out and break
ing his left leg and right arm. He had a
little girl with dim bringing her to town,
and she was thrown out and her left leg
broken. Freeze was taken homo by a
passer-by, and the girl's father, a Mr. Hen
den, was notified. He at once brought his
daughter to a physician. Freeze was
brought to the Receiving Hospital, and
aiter being cared for he returned home.
SAYS SHE WILL SHOOT,
Mrs, Woods, the Rawhider,
Greatly Incensed With
the Doctor.
The Marital Troubles Are of Long
Standing— The Wife's Stories
of Cruelty and Neglect.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 15.— "1 will
shoot him as surely as I am alive if he at
tempts to steal any of my children again."
This is the defiant remark which Mrs.
Dr. Woods of Berkeley made of her di
vorced husband to-night to a Call corre
spondent. It was only a few days ago
that she horsewhipped him, as she says,
at her house, where he had come to pay a
visit to his children, according to the per
mission granted him by the Superior Court
at the time of the divorce proceedings.
"He did not come merely to see the
children and pay a fatherly call," said tne
incensed little woman, "but to steal them
away from me. He has my only boy now
with him, but if he steals another of my
children he will do so at the peril of his
miserable life."
The story of the Woods difficulty is an
old one, and has been a subject for
freauent comment in the neighborhood of
Ashby and Telegrapti avenues for many
months past. Mrs. Woods nas a pitiful
tale to tell of unwonted cruelty to herself
and oiiildrer. by her husband, and she has
not the least scruples about making them
known. Twice have Woods and his wife
been divorced, and consequently their do
mestic troubles have extended through
years, ns their eldest child is now about
seventeen.
The tide of affairs runs smoothly be
tween them for a time and then a storm
arises which stirs the wrath of both, but
more particularly that of the wife, as she
claims that she is in absolute poverty and
need and lives in a small, lonely cot, while
he ii a well-to-do insurance man with a
mansion for his dwelling-place.
"I have three children left," said she;
"girls that I love more dearly than my
self, and when I see how luxuriously he
lives with the boy he has stolen from my
bosom, and at the same time I, myself,
and ray three girls living in dire need, it
makes my blood within me boil.
'•1 cannot b«-gin to express the degree of
cruelty and disgrace he has heaped upon
me, but there is one thing certain, he will
get riddled through and through if he
tries to induce another of my children to
leave me."
Two Runaway Accidents.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 15.— Two run
away accidents took place to-day in Berke
ley, in both of which the occupants of the
vehicles narrowly escaped death.
This morning, while Dr. F. H. Payne
was about to step into his buggy, "the
horse started to run and dragged the
doctor, who held on to the reins, for a
considerable distance, severely bruising
him about the head and shoulders.
A short time afterward Charles Hoppe
and Fred Boegle, both of tbe junior class
at the university, were thrown from their
buggy near the postoffice, in which acci
dent Hoppe received a severe wound on
the leg, while Boegle escaped uninjured.;
The vehicle was badly demolished, one of
the shafts having been broken and the
wheels sprung.
Canea From Cabbages.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 15.— Samuel
Wakeham, the keeper of a paintstore in j
Berkeley and a 'over of curiosities, has j
found use for the cabbage-stalks which he
is growing in his back yard and will turn
them into walking-canes. Wakeham is j
the man who created considerable noto- j
riety a short time ago through exhibiting
in front of his establishment on Shattuck
avenue a cabbage-stalk twelve feet high, I
grown under his own cultivation." The ;
canes have much the same appearance as
those made of Congo wood, but are not so I
bulky. In color they are much lighter, i
being of a delicate tan hue. Wakeham
expects a big rush after them by curiosity
seekers as soon as college opens.
Important News Note*.
BERKELEY. Cal., July 15.-The wed- 1
ding of Lee Carlton Mayhew of Massa
chusetts and Miss Mary E. Smith, a former :
teacher in the Berkeley schools, took place
this evening at the residence of the bride's ;
parents on Virginia street, West Berkeley.
Great preparations are being made for
the Republican rally to be held in Snat
tuck Hall next Friday evening. It has |
been announced that Susan B. Anthony
will be one of the speakers of the evening.
President Richards of the Town Trustees
and Town Attorney Hayne have been
granted thirty days'leave of absence. Mr.
Richards has gone to Lake Tahoe. Mr.
Havne will spend his vacation at Santa
Barbara.
At a special meeting of Columbia Engine
Company held last evening the constitu
tion and by-laws as reported by the special
committee were adopted. Foreman James
Kenny appointed as his assistants James
D. Ray and George Mohr; hydrantman,
Andy Fricfc.
There will be a special meeting of the
Lorin Lyceum Literary Society on next
Friday evening to arrange a programme
for July 24.
SIXTY DOLLARS MISSING,
A Bay-Street Druggist Meets a
Gentleman Who Carries
Greenbacks.
The Boys' Brigade Home From Camp.
Harry Lomax's Body Not Yet
Found.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 15.— A peculiar
incident happened at the store of J. R.
Young, druggist, Bay-street station, a few
days ago. A man walked into the store
and bought a toothbrush, tendering a
twenty-dollar bill in payment. At 9
o'clock the same evening the toothbrush
purchaser came back and asked Mr. Young
if he would give him the bill back and
he would give him gold instead. Mr.
Young complied and put the double-eagle
in a box in his kitchen, just off the store.
The man explained he wa s from the East
and preferred paper money, at the same
time exhibiting a roll of bills. He engaged
Mr. Younjr in conversation and obtained a
rubber band from him to keep his bills to
gether.
Mr. Young says he observed two men
standing outside the shop in the evening
while he was talking with the stranger,
and imagines they must have been con
federates of his* because when he went to
get the box containing the $20 and other
money off th# kitchen table he found the
box and its contents — some $60— gone.
The men had gone, also. He is of the
opinion that the men were sneakthieyes
and that the conversation and rechanging
of the bill was simply part of a plan to rob
him.
As he is unable to give any description
of the men, the police have no clew to
work on.
The Boys' Brigade Outing.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 15.— The Ala
meda companies of the Boys' Brigade re
turned last night from Bohemia, on the
Russian River, where they had be«n camp
ing for the past eight days. Major Al
Taylor rescued two young ladies named
Betsy Harnden and Alice Hand from a
watery grave. They were In swimming,
and ventured out too far. J. E. Baker,
cashier of the Alameda Savings .Bank,
saved the life of Private Bush of East Oak
laml, who got into water that was beyond
his depth. The boys report having had a
most enjoyable outing.
The Oakland Exposition.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 15.— The secre
tary of the Oakland Exposition has writ
ten to the chairman of the City Trustees
asking him to appoint a committee to
make arrangements whereby Alameda
will have a certain day of the exposition
set apart for it to be known as Alameda
day, and on which day the residents of
the city will turn out in force and patron
ize the exposition. George Roeth, the
secretary, has made similar reauests to all
the towns around the bay. Mr. Forderer
is favorably inclined to accede to tue re
quest, but before doing so will consult the
wishes of his co-Trustees.
Brevities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 15.— Fire Mar
shal Krauth is compelling the owners of
three-story structures to put op regu
lation fire escapes.
A public meeting will be held on Mon
day, July, 2o, in Linderman Opera house,
to discuss the removal of C. F. True from
the principalship of Wilson School and to
select a deputation to wait upon the Board
of Education at its next meeting.
The body of Harry Loinai, who was
drowned yesterday afternoon, has not yet
been recovered. Hamlin vhe bridge
tender, Stanley Stephenson and others
have been dragging since the accident was
reported, but so far their efforts have
been fruitless.
The Board of Education held a meeting
last nifiibt to sward the bids for supplies to
the department for the ensuing year. Only
tnree bids were received and the supplies
to be purcnased were divided among the
three bidders.
She Wants a Wedding.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 15.— Rose Gilli
gan has caused the arrest of Fred Sprinkle,
a youth working on the steamer Emma,
charging him with being responsiole for
her condition. She wants to marry him
and agrees not to prosecute if he will take
her. This he refuses to do. H* has se
cured his release on bonds and will fight
the case.
DIED.
SHIELDS— In this . city, -July 15. 1896, Ruth,
-daughter of John and bailie Shields, a native of
San I'rnnclsro. aged 10 months.'
' - 33~The funeral win take place TO-MORROW
(Friday), , at. * o'clock p. k., from the resi-
dence of her grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. John
Scully, 1616 a Fo:.som street, liitermen; .Mount
Calvary < fnicfiy. : * i ,'.'
: RAILROAD TRAVEL;
; Atlantic
KAII.KOAI) mTiS 3%
Trains leave and arrive ■ *t HjEmRS 9H
Karket-Street Ferry. BKrSa .'• ' I
SA3TA fFEaPRFSS. WBjgS
To Chicago via A. & .•.^SfiKoUtH
Direct Line 1 MMRg^Bfjj
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. Cttrr,.iin ■ / ul.m» n
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern p.
bolstered Toarhit Sleeping-cars, with ' clean linen
and bedding and In charge of a portet, ran dally
throuth to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. .Louis. '- - . ■ -.--. ;»?■■:
Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, Chicago. Montreal and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. ' ..
The best' railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building . .
. Telephone Main 1&31. '
cfliiction Sales
AUCTION SALE AT j>l4 SECOJO STREET.
General line of Merchandise, comprising Fur-
nishing Goods of all kinds, shoes, Huts, Caps,
Remnants, etc., to be sold without reserve to the
trade. Auction Sale commencing THURSDAY,
July 16, at 10:30 a. m.. and continuing until entire
stock Is sold. Fixtures and goods must, be sold.
WAI, I 1- It ITKSI, Auctioneer.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
BIG REDUCTION IV RATES BY 111
Ml* ItMHJLiIUii 1;\ nAllu I>l MIL
:_ — TO—
3F»oT=t i r > xjA.ixrx3. on,
FRIDAY..... JULY 17,
. And livery Fifth Say Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
tr A —Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
>O.UU Ist Sleeper.
• ....ALSO....
First-class ticket*, including berth In tfj "1 A. OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. «fl> JLU '
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets
be sold or baggage checked to such points.
SSS~ Through Tickets for Pujret Sound
Points on Sate at deduced ■ ;i;<--.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco. ■ - r . >
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN, . '
• :->•:.: Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt
BOUTHKRS PACIFIC COJIPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.) '.- ■ ,'...
Ti*l«» leave »n<l »rt> dm- to arrive at
SAN FItANI'ISCO. . ,; ;
tEATE — From JdkeT, 1696. — -■:■" AltßlV .
•6:00 a Mies. San Jose and Way Stations ... i »:43 a -
7:OOa Atlantic Express. Ogden and KasW- *-43»;
7:00 a Benicia, Vacaville, Rumsov. Sacra* '•; ■_
. mento, OroTllle and Bedding t1» ,' ■
DaTia V .....'.".. v ittfir
7:*Oa Martinez, Ban Racoon, N»pa^o*lls- :•■■■■■■■
toga and Santa lioaa.. , 6:15?
8:30 a Kites, San Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Bee
Bluff 4tl3p
•S: 80 a Peters and Mi1t0n......... ' *7:13p
9sOUa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa ,
Barbara and Los Ange1e5......... 4i45p
*:0» a Martinez and Stockton... 11:43 A
»:OOa Vallejo «:15p
l:OOp Kites, San Jose and Livcrmore 8:415 a
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers " •O:O0r
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations. t7i43x
4:0 Or Martinez, San llanion, Vallejo, -
Napa, Callstoga, El Verano unc
Sauta •iIBa
«M>or Benicla, VacavWe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTill^
OroTllle and Sacramento ItiCSA
4iSop Niles, San Jose, Liverinore and
Stockton 7ilsr
4:3*r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:44 a
Oi»#p New Orleans Impress, Fresno. Bakers*
i «leld, Santa Barbara. l.os Angelec .
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East IOtISA
OiQOp Santa Fe Route. Atlantic Express
for Mojare aud East... JC:l5a
3:OOpValleJo 11i45*
«:OOp European Mail, Ogilcn and r.ast.... 9:15 a
•CiHOpllaywarda, Kllesaud San Jose 7:45 a
|7:OOp Vallejo \7:4*T
7:00p Oregon J'^xpress, Sacramento, Marys-
Tillc. Redding, Portland, rugtt
Hound and Kast 10:43 a
' SAMTA t'KIZ IHVISION (Marrow <J»n)re).
' 17>43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa . Cruz
and Principal Way buttons J»:*»P
• jIBa Newark, CenterTille,.San Joso.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Bis*F
*S<lßp Newark. Cent.erTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
SanU Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ; «11:20 a
[CilSp Newark. Ran Jose and Los 0at05.... H9tSOA
COAST DIVISION (Iliinl .V Townsciul SU.)
*6;4Sa San Jose and Way (Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)....., • 9:47 a
?7tSOA Sunday Excursion for San Joscl .
Santa Cruz, Pacific Orore, ana
Principal Way Stations JSltSp
•:1 3 a Jose, Tres Piwos, Santa Cms.
pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, - Sac
J,uis OMspo, Gnadalnpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stntlons 7iO3p
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Station* tl :30p
I O:4O& San Jose and Way Stations S:0Op
11i30a Palo Alto and Way Stations 8:3 Or
•»;3Op San Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jos** I:. -
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cms,
Salinas, Monterey and PaciflcGrove "I^:40 A
•8: 30 p San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations •1;30p
•4:30p San Jose «nd Way Stations *8:OOa
5:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations •*:!«*
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 0:33.\
|Hi4sp Ban Jose and Way Station* t7i4sp
SAX LKANIIBO AMI HAYWABU.s LO« AL.
.•8:00a") ( 7:18 a
8:OOa : 1 . tO:4DA
,iS. ! Soa Mclr M e,Be«i««ryP.rk, lililt
•»:«° A Fitebb.rf,B.«L«.nd«> j ™*l
BtOOr m & 4:45p
. 4:00p ' *• 5:45p
IX VV-; Hay wards ■•;«*
7:(»Op / ; x 8:45 r
Iloop <Knns through to Nflei. lolso'
ttll:l3pj tFromNiles. 1, ttl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from Silt /aiSCISCO — foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:16 3:00 11:O0a.M. tl'-OO •2:00 t3:CO
•1:00 t5:00 «6:o3pji. ,
from OAKLIKD— Foot of Broad x »j.— -0:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. »2:C3 *l:00 13:00*3:03 }i:OC
' »3:00 p.m. '_'
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only
X Sundays only.
it Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
§ Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz. -
FRANCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
• Ilbnrou Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-SSL
. 8:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. H. Thursdays— trip
at 11 -.30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at X:M
and 11:30 p. if. '
BOND AYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 8:34
6:00, 6:20 p. it
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trlM
at 1:55 p. x. and 6:35 p. it *"
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:38, 11:10 a. 1C; 1:40, 3:4H
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park urns
schedule as above. .
L,t>are Tn otr-inr I Arrive '
Ban Francisco. A pr™ •»; Ban Francisco.
Day*, I pats. "Wlnatloii^ ■ Sirs- , Wire'
Day* I pays. "g»:»natloa^ aAYS^ | Days>
7 :S0 am 7:30 am I Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 am
8:30 fu 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 PM 10:10 AX
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
■■•• •/. "~, •■' I Fulton. . .
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 ah
(Healdsburg,
GeyBerville, . ■
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pk
••■ ■■ - ■ ~ - Weta, "~^ r
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 ax
8:30 I'm, 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6.15 pm
7:30 am ~~~~T" "~ — 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 ph
3:30 pm • . 6:15 PK
7:30 am 7:Soam Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
- and . | ■ -
6:10 pm 5:00 pm ! Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30am|7:30 am« g0v,,.,™, |l»:40 am; 10:10 am
B:3UPMiS:OQpMi SebaaU>pot - I 6:05 PM 6:16 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark ' West
Springs: at Geyservllle tor Slc»i;bs Sprlnjrs; at
Clovvrdale for the Geysers; at Pteta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyvllle, Soda Bay and iAke port; at
Hopland for l.alccport and Bartlett Springs; at
Vkiuii for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Homo, Potter
Valley, Jonn Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Bock-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvilie. Rooneville,
Greenwood; Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclbo City,
Fort Bragg, Was t port. Usal, Willets, Cahto, Co-
Telo. I.ayionvlile. Harris, Scotia and Enreica.
. Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building,
H.C. WHITING, B.XRYAS,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. ■-. ■ * (Via Saasallto Ferry). •
From San Francisco, <.-omm< n.-ln; June 15, 1890,
~- ; WEEKDAYS. ':■;■■■: ■• .
For • Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. »B*oo
•9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. M.; 1:45, 3:20, 4:15,
6:15. *B:0U. «i:35 p.m. ■ ' .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*-
oays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, »9:00
ti •10:00, 11:30 a. m.; »*I2 :S O. *1 :30, *2:15, *4:o*
5:30, 6:45. 8:30 p. M. Extra trip to Sauialltoat
11:00 a. m. •
Trains marked * run to San Quontln. •*12(38
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley. :
THROUGH TBAIN&
For Point Keyea ana way stations— B :oo a. m.
Saturdays: 9 a. m. Sundays; 5:15 p. if. weekday*.
For Point R*ven, Cazadero and way station*-*
8:00 a. M. Sundays: 1 :45 p. M. weekdava. ■ .■ ■ ■
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
(>2ski:absyst. Established
. m 1S3 1 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
i disease wearlngon bodyandmlodand
Skin Diseases. The doctor euros when
others fail. Try him. Charges low.
(nrcgusrsnierd. Callorwrite.
i> r. 4. W*• 11SJUQ>. Box 1»57. Saa rrwicisca
1112
WILL AVOID THE
GOLDEN GATE.
The New Japanese Line of
Steamers for
America.
A VERY HEAVY SUBSIDY
Danger That It Will Not Touch
in San Francisco
Bay.
LOCKING FOR A TERMINAL.
Local Railroad Conditions Likely to
Outweigh Natural Advan
tages.
Japan is reaching out for recognition
npon the seas as a mercantile as well as a
naval power. She is going to span tbe
Pacific with a line of her own steamships,
and she is going to compete in the ports of
North America for the trad« of the island
nation.
That there will be a line of steamers has
been decided, but to what port it will run
is an unsettled question. This is being
investigated, however, and before long
directors from the new company will be
over here looking up docking facilities,
depths of water, railroad service, etc This
last item of railroad service will cut an im
portant figure in the selection of the ter
minal point, and for the same reason San
Francisco is not likely to be heard of when
the selection taKes place.
The new company formed is called tbe
Toyo Kisen Kaisba or, in English, the
Occidental Steamship Company. It was j
formed upon the ideas and suggestions of j
the Government, and the Government will
insure a tremendous subsidy to make cer- j
tain its success. The amount of this sub- i
sidy is not actually known, but it is large j
enough to enable the ships to travel empty
to and from tbe Flowery Kingdom, and
still not lose a cent.
The line to America will not be the only
one operated by the new company. There I
will be arumberof steamers put on the j
route through tbe Indian Ocean and the I
Suez Canal to London, but the principal ■
object is first to have the little isfand con
nected by a line of its own with the Amer
ican shore. Hiroyuki Kobayashi, who j
will act as interpreter for the president of |
the company wuen be comes here, arrived
here on the steamer Doric wh n last it |
touched at this port. Since coming to this
City Kobayash: has been collecting such
data as will be of use to him when lie ar
rives. He was before the Harbor Com
mission on Tuesday asking for informa
tion regarding harbor rates, and he has i
been quietly collecting all information
possiole regarding railroad connections.
San Francisco does not stand muc . of a
chance. She has no communication with
the Easi except through tbe Southern Pa
cific lines, and the Southern Pacific has
not given the new line any encouragement.
Six months ago negotiations were opened
with the Southern Pacific, but the repre
sentatives of the new line were given to
understand that no particular concessions
would be allowed. As overland freights
will be one of the big sources of revenue
for the new line this would leave the steam
ship company entirely in tt c hands of the
Southern Pacific, and this position the
Japanese decline to take.
Portland, with its Columbia River bar
and its winding river channel; Seattle, far
to the northward; Victoria, a British
Columbian city; San Diego, with its shal
low fairway and its beds of kelp, and even
Tehuantepec in Mexico, with most meager
but untrammeled communication with
the Eastern markets, all afford superior
advantages to San Francisco, the metropo
lis of ihe West, the finest port on the
shores of the Pacific. The steamers may
stop here incidentally, but the line of
trade between Japan and America will go
north or south — anywhere but through tne
Golden Gate.
Flour is the principal import to Japan.
It comes now over Pacific Mail steamers,
but the Japanese will patronize their own
line. The Pacific Mail can ship through
the Eouthern Pacific overland cheaper
than the new line, so the line will touch
at that port where discrimination is tbe
exception and not the rule. The Japanese
will export an immense amount of goods.
Her factories are but in their iniancy, but
already they are affecting the world's mar
kets. The new line is for the purpose of
bringing them to these markets, but it is
not going to court discrimination by tak
ing them through this port.
When tba cotton factories of Japan
were consuming thousands of bales of
cotton a year an envoy was sent to this
country to find tbe cheapest route for cot
ton from the Eastern States to Japan.
The Southern Pacific and the Pacific Mail
formed tne natural route, but it was found
cheaper to ship to Galveston, then by sea
to New York, then by the Canadian Pa
cific to Vancouver, and then across the
ocean to Japan, tnan to accept the rate
offered by tne Southern Pacific. As the
cotton trade was made to circle around
San Francisco, but not to touch it, so is
the great bulk of the Japanese trade in
danger of going north or eoing south, to
leave San Francisco and its people to com
plain of haid times.
SEARCH WARRANT CASE
Difference of Opinion Between
Judge Campbell and the
Police.
It Has Arisen Because Mrs. E. P.
Ferry Fai ci to Get Her Furni
ture From Auctioneer Flinn.
Judge Campbell's well-meaning efforts
to enable Mrs. E. P. Ferry of 1107 Bush
street to regain possession of her furniture
from Jonn W. Flinn, auctioneer, have
proved futile.
Flinn yesterday morning brought suit in
the Superior Court for the possession of
the furniture, or its equivalent, $1000, and
further asked that he be awarded $1000 dam
ages for the alleged unlawful detention of
the goods. He also sued out a writ of re
plevin to prevent the furniture being re
moved from the store.
The writ was delivered into the hands of
the Sheriff, and while Police Sergeant
Duncan was in Flinn's store checking off
the goods from the inventory attached to
tbe search warrant, before being carted
away to Mrs. Ferry's house by the team
sters who were in waiting, a Deputy Sheriff
appeared aud served the writ and the liti
gation will now be settled in the Superior
Court.
Attorney McGowan, who represents
Mrs. Ferry, hurried to Judge Campbell's
court and complained that through the
negligence and delay of the police the
Judge's order had tot been obeyed and
>fr«. Ferry waß still withont her turni
ture. He "went so far as to charge collu
sion between Flynn and the police.
The Jndge was angry and said if there
was any legal way to do it be proposed to
punish some one for contempt. Mrs.
Ferry was entitled to her property and it
was a si ame she should be tricked oat
of it
He sent for Sergeant Duncan and the
sergeant gave his explanation. He said
when he reported off duty at 5 o'clock
Tuesday afternoon it was arranged that
he should meet Mrs. Ferry at 7 o'clock
yesterday morning and go to Flinn's
store for the furniture. He met Mrs.
Ferry, but as the search warrant, with the
inventory, had been locked up in Chief
Crowley's desk they bad to wait till the
Chief aVrived, about half past 8 o'clock.
"I received my instructions from the
Chief," said the sergeant, "to cneck every
thing with the inventory attached to the
warrant and be careful that nothing else
was taken away. When we got to tbe
store F'linn's brother was there, and he
said to Mrs. Ferry that he demanded
possession of the furniture from her. She
refused, and then I got a space cleared
and began to check off the furniture and
other effects. While doing so the Deputy
Sheriff arrived."
Chief Crowley said that the police acted
entirely within the scope of their authority
and the Judge had no cause for complaint.
A search warrant should not have been
issued, as it was purely & civil case and
the proper course would have been for
Mre. Ferry to sue out a writ of replevin.
"The Police courts," said the Chief,
"are simply being used as collection
agencies by people to save the cost of a
suit in the civil courts. It entails un
necessary labor and trouble upon the
police and upon the Judges themselves,
which should be avoided."
BIDDING FOR FIGHTERS,
The Occidental and Olympic
Clubs Are Looking for
Big Game.
The National Club Has Some Hopes
of Getting the Maher and
Choynski Mill.
It must amuse Champion Jim Corbett
to read of the controversy that exists be
tween the clubs that are bidding for the
Maher and Choynski mill.
One would imagine that Choynski and
Maher had never suffered defeat and that
they were greater drawing cards than
Corbett, Fitzsimmons et al.
The Olympic and Occidental clubs have
been planning for some days past in the
hope of getting this match, as they have
been granted licenses to give two boxing
entertainments. The National Club
counted upon its chickens before they
were hatched, with the result that the
Supervisors did notapproveof its "brash"
system of transacting business and cut it
off from all chance of holding a contest in
this City and County by refusing it a
license.
Virtually the fight for a ten-round con
! test between Maher and Ohoynski lies
between the Olympic and Occidental
clubs. The former was first in the field,
with a bid of a $4000 purse.
Young Mitchell, who is director-general
of the Occidental Club, does not hesitate
to say 1 1. at Manager Groom of the National
! Club made a grievous mistake when !>e
i offered the fighters a purse of $6000. He
i is of the opinion that tbe Olympic Club
; reached the limit at $4000, but if Maher
! and Choynski will sign articles to box un
! der the auspices of his club he may go a
j few hundreds better if he finds that Maher
i is in anything like fair condition when he
! arrives from the East.
Billy Vice, ticket agent "of the Union
| Pacific Railroad, is a very much tangled
| up young man at present. He sent for
| Maher at the suggestion of the National
: Club's manager, and says that, fight or
' no fight, he will hold tbe club responsible
| for whatever money he will be out of
. pocket in securing the fighter's passage to
! this City.
The whole affair is in a muddle at
J present, and there is very little hope of
I dissolving the tangle until after Maher's
arrival, which will be in tie near future.
Ex-Manager Gibbs of the National Club
| is rusticating at the springs, where he is
| refreshing his bothered Drain matter. He
! writes that the cray stuff will be in splen
j did condition to undergo a severe strain
after his outing in the warm belt, and his
! friends, consequently, expect great feats
! of diplomacy from him on his return to
the City.
Gibbs is a very shrewd and conservative
manager of boxing entertainments and
i the supporters of the game are sanguine
that he will eventually straighten out the
affairs of the National Club, whose ship is
at present foundering on the rocks of per
dition, because of bad Bteering in a fog.
Tbe Olympic Club has made some
changes in its programme of mate es for
j the evening of the 31st inst. It canceled
its engagement of Danny Mahoney and
Joe Sullivan, who are said to be very warm
friends and somewhat delicate about hurt
ing each other's feelings.
Robert McArthur, the champion ama
teur lightweight boxer of the coast, in
formed Superintendent Kennedy yester
day that he was ready and willing to turn
professional and box Dal Kawkins an
eignt-round contest at 135 pounds, but
Hawkins objected to the weight specified
by McArthur and said that he would not
meet the amateur champion unless he
agreed to enter the ring at 133 pounds.
McArthur then said lie would box George
Green at catch weights, and as t:;e last
named boxer is rusticatine at Sonoma
word was immediately forwarded to him
of McArthur's intentions.
A contest between Green and McArthur
would interest every member of the club.
The Olympic Club sent a dispatch to
Peter Maher at Chicago, in care of George
Siler, offering to pay Maher's expenses to
this City if he would consent to m«et
Cuoynski in a ten-round bout under the
auspices of the club for a purse of $4000.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco Cxx.Tr.
tlO Market street, open until 13 o clock ever)
sight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opes
sntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open nntll 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
is NOTICJS OF . Bl__ TINGa.
»iS» AB O b~en A~s~ififM~^_sa_*r~
1--—^ Lodge, No. 112, I. O. O. F.— ln- #j£|_s_i
illation TO-NIGHT.
FREDERICK MADSEN, N.G. <5 %»-^-
-f_ss» PACIFIC LODGE, NO > 156, -iiiriiir-
SP-^ I. O. O. F, on THURSDAY^^^S&.
EVENING, July 16. will be favored^s&«J*r
with an . address by S. W. HOLLA- ■ A m-^ > - .
DAY, Esq.. on "Scientific Finance, or the Problem
of the Day " Open meeting. Doors open at 8:15.
Friends are Invited to be present. -■
O. W. CRAWFORD, N. O. '
W. H. C-ACBkx, Secretary. . '"■ ■ - •
JH^g" ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
«*~-*' annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco and mii Joaquln Valley Railway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 M arket st., San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1b96, at the
hour of _ p. it, for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such : other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
I^S- CHEAPEST AND best IN AMERICA-
rtT THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States.or Canada one year for *1 50
postage free. -.-,:.- ■
special, noticks. ~~~
B^^'dr." alfhe^w." perry has r&
I*-*' moved : bis office to rooms 20-21, Mnrphy
Building, corner Market and Jones sts., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st. '
jtZS>: : BAD TENANTS k EJECTED FOR i«4
■^ collections made, city : or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy su. room 6. TeL 6680.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 16, 1896.
, DIVIDEND NOTICES. .
B__p" DIVIDEND NO. 33 "(25 : CENTS .PER
Or-* 7 share) of the Hutchinson -ngar Planatlon
Company will be payable at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market sU, on and af(er Monday, July
20. 1896. Transfer books will close . Tuesday,
July 14. 1896, at 3 o'clock p. it.
E. H. SHELDON. Secret
SITUATIONS WANTKU-KKMAX.E.
T ADIES INTENDING TO ENGAGE SER-
XJ vants will find it to their adxantage to call or
send theli order where pains are taken to supply
you with reliable help. For servants of any na-
tionality call or send to J. F. CROSETT A CO.,
312 suiter st.
]V BAT GERMAN, SCANDINAVIAN, ALSO
_> Irish second girl,' want, situations in family.
See J. F. CROSETT A CO., 312 butter sU
CR. HANSEN it CO., 110 GEARY ST..
• furnish the best family and hotel help. . Call
at office, Dhone or mall us your orders: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185.
■TVANISH COOK, 4% YEARS' REFERENCE
XJ last place: Swedish second girl: German
chambermaids. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary.
\TOBWEGIAS REFINED GIRL, GOOD
Xi maid, nursery governess, second work,' fancy
work, with excellent references from the East,
wants situation, city or country. • Apply to C. R.
A NSEN _ CO.. 110 Geary st.
A' OUNU LADY, 20 YEARS of AGE, whose
J- education has been neglected, wxnts Imme-
diately place to do housework for home and light
compensation where she can attend grammar
school after August 1. X., box 149, this office. .
\\r ANTS , 4 SITUATION - A COMPETENT
' « woman wants situation as cook .or general
housework in a private family; good city refer-
ences; no objection to the country. Apply 29
Pleasant St., between Taylor and Janes.
yOUNG GIRL LATELY FROM IRELAND
X desires situation to do general housework or
upstairs work : is good plain sewer and knitter and
kind to children. Call at 1122 Harrison St., near
seventh. •
t) NEAT YOUNG GIRLS WISH SITUATIONS:
— - one to do upstairs work and the other for gen-
eral housework. Please call at 1611 Vallejo su,
between Van Ness and Jackson.
V" OUNU LADY WISHES SITUATION AS
stenographer, typewriter, bookkeeper or to do
any office work: must have work. Address M. H.,
box 44, Call Office.
LDERLY AMERICAN WOMAN WANTS
XJ situation to-do general housework in small
family. Call or address, 9to 2, 602 Washington
St., room 59.
A T OUNG GERMAN WIDOW, WITH A CHILD
X of 7 years, wants situation; city or country: Is
good cook and can do general housework. Call
610 clay st.
SITUATION WANTED 'JO DO SEWING BY
O a capable seamstress: children's clothes ana
plain dresses neatly made; car fare and $1 a day.
Address wo— i . box 110, Call Office.
(V —AY -'AM-iUUaN WOMAN WISHES SlT-
— > uation to do cooking and general housework,
and will do laundry work: moderate wages. Call
924 Washington st., near Powell. ■
BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN. TO DO GEN-
er_ l housework; is good cook and laundress;
city or short distance In country; good reterence.
Call 27Va Fourth su, over florist. "
y OUNG LADY vVISHES TO ASSIST CHIL-
X dren In English studies; small salary; refer-
encea. W. G., box 67, Call office. ■
EAMSTRESS, FIRST CLASS, WISHES SIT-
O nation or work by the day; Is a good dress-
maker; references, address L. S.. 522 Taylor st.
SW EDISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day washing and ironing. Address S. W., box
101, Call Office.
XT' OUNG WOMAN FROM THE EAST WANTS
X position as working housekeeper. 865y a Mar-
ket si., room 18.
ESPE. TABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE
XV cbamberwork and sewing: no objection 10
country. Address M. M., 164-' Twenty-fifth su
,»l/\ THANKS WILL B««- PAID BY EX-
«i?_VJ perienced stewardess for position at sea.
Call or addres 254 Natoma st.
TMtENCH GIRL WISHEB A SITUATION;
-T care of children or second work. 708b Pine st.
"V 'OUNG GIRL WANT& POSI lON To LEARN
X dressmaking. Apply 214 SteuarisU
yOUNG LADY AS COMPANION TO ACT-
X reas. Address A. 1 ., box 6, Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION AS FIRST-CLASS
•* cook: city or country. Call at present em-
ployer's, 325 First __ beu Folsom and Harrison.
yOUNG WIDOW WISHES SITUATION AS
X housekeeper or any other light work. Call 110
Sixth su, room 10-
ITUATION WANTED BY RELIABLE
O woman as cook or to do housework. Call or ad-
dress 33j6 Eighteenth st.
OU NG GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
X small family; fond of children. Call at 923 a
Shotwell su .
4 MERICAN WOMAN DESIRES WASHING,
-— Ironing, by the day or week. E. M., oox 160,
this office.
I*' ANTKD — BY GOOD, STEADY, COMPE-
» » tent woman; Is a good cook aid laundress, or
any kind of work; kind aDd good to children; city
or country. Please call 79 Jessie sU, beu Urst
and Second.
OMPETENT WOMAN WOI'LD LIKE A BIT-
VJ uatlon to do cbamberwork or housework in
hote or boarding-house; city or country. Apply
737 Howard st , room 62. "
HOUSEKEEPER'S POSITION WANTED BY
American widow ; elderly ; good cook and 1a v
dress: 1 Ikes children: references given: terms *10
month. Call at j!8 Minna aU, basement.
RE>BMAKER FROM NEW YORK WANTS
work at ladles' houses by the day. 305 Eddy.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD WAN < S SlTUA-
tloo; city or country; Is good cook and can do
general housework. Call or address 221 Minna. ■
VY r <UNO LADY, UNIVERSITY AND NOR-
X mal graduate, desires a position as visiting or
resident governess: English, German and French;
highest references. Y. L., box 98, Call Office.
ROMAN OF REFINEMENT AND TRAV-
tt cling experience wishes to engage as attendant
with a family coins East; good reference. Ad-
dress 727% Minna st.
\* IDDLK-AGED LADY WISHES SITUATION
._—-to do general housework; good plain cook
and laundress. Address P. C, box 78. Call Office.
AKPIST AND PIANIST, READS AT
sight, wants » position in an orchestra to play
fordanO'-s or to double up with some musician for
vaudeville stage. Address H. L. H., box 27, Call.
ITUATION WANTED~BY AN ELDERLY
scotch woman to do housework; eood cook and
baker; city or country. Address 136 Fifth su,
near Howard.
RESSMAKEK, GOOD CUTTER AND FlT-
ter, wants a few more engagements at $1 60 a
day; references; speaks German. Address A. H.
D.. box 90, Call Office. .
R'.TEsTANT GIRL WISHES TO DO UP-
stiiirs or housework In a small family: city or
country. Call or address 1036 Howard si., s. F.
XPERIENCED LADY WISHKB WORK.
XJ bakery or restaurant, as cashier, saleslady or
waitress. 703 Stockton su
EFINKD WOMAN WOULD TAKE CHARGE
of a child; will give a mother's care. - Call 418
Post st. ■ - .
G1 ERMAN WOMAN WANTS A PLACE TO
VT do housework or cooking; sleep _t home. Ap-
ply at 2009 Mission st___
I) EXPECTABLE BWEDISH LADY wishes a
XV position as housekeeper for elderly gentleman
or widower; city or country. ■ Call or address 10
Anthony su, off Mission, near Second.
KESMMAKINO AND PLAIN • SEWlNG-
cheap. Call or address 2118 Mason su
fVO HOUSEWIVES— COLUMBIA EMPLOY-
X mem Agency, 128 Fourth su, furnishes very
best help at short notice. Tel. black 1363.
y OUNG LADY WANTS HOUSEKEEPING
X position or plain sewing. 203 Powell su , room 5.
IDDLF.-AGKD WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
place to assist*, Is willing and obliging: wages
$10 to $12 per month; city or Oakland; references.
Please address MRS. IV box 94, Call Office. '
SHORTHAND AND TYPEWRITING; CAM-
O pa>gn speeches written ana revised : all kinds
of copying neatly done; reasonable. 420 Mont-
gomery su. room 6. . !_____
THIRST-CLASS COOK AND SECOND COOK
X wishes a place •In city or country; speaks
French and ■ English, and : understands French
German and English cooking and all kinds of
pastry; city or country. Call or address 704
Bryant SU ■ .
ELDBRLY . LADY WISHES SITUATION TO
do light housework; city or country. Address
or call 216 Minna st.
"OUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION IN RE-
X fined family as governess; speaks French and
Italian; well educated: also good seamstress or
care of children; .Call 2030 Pacific aye.
SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKK SlTUA-
tlon as housekeeper or any other light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkln su, room 3.
EABTERN GIRL, GOOD WORKER, WISHES
situation for general housework. Apply 302
Liberty su, near Church.
\\- INCIIK.I . EH HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
TT Market: ' 200 . rooms: 25c 10 $1 611 per night-
sl 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry. •--.
WAMKD-JULE.
CB^HTN^EN^^oTIib^GETRT^TTFUR^
• nlsb haymakers, 'threshing crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and ' wood men, min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
/Chinese AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY -CO.. 640 Clay.
L> CO. CUuK'a bOC. SUPPLIES COOKS. ALL
X ' . branches :short notice. 14 (>arv. tel.Uraa:43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 31 48 Butter: tel -Grant SO.'
GUINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V-' oflice; best help. 414iy, O'Karrei!: Ml K.42_;
RANCH COOK, WANTS. PLACE: MIDDLE-
aged Scotchman: handy with any kind of tools:
understands • care of 'stock and raising poultry
references; wages $15. 8. M. 8., 629 Eighth si
Oakland. ..-■>>.: _, ;
STRONG BOY 19 YEARS OF AG_ WANTS
to learn electric business. Address E. 8., box
107, Call Office.
OPITION >. WANTED -BY, YOUNG MAN
X willing to do anything. ' Address WIL-
-OUoHBY, box 88, Call Office.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
1) Kt'l _f x ■- A!M'EAKING~ yTiUNG
xt —an of ; eood address desires I position as clerk
In hotel or store; b»st reference* : salary moder-
ate. Address Clerk, box 101, Call Office.
"DEFINED, YOUNG MAN OF EXCELLENT
XL habits fir si res a position as companion to ; In-
valid or elderly gentleman: good reader. Address
E. R., box 105, Call Office,
L>Y STEADY YOUNG MAN TO V DRIVE
• ' butcher wagon and help In shop: has some ex-
perience. C. S., care F. RAHLMANN, South San
Francisco. . ,-
IV" ANTED— POSITION- TO .DO PAINTING,
*» paper-hanging, etc., by party; small remunera-
tion: satisfaction guaranteed. Painter, 629 Eighth
su, Oakland. ■:. . . -, '■ 1;
yODiVO MAN WANTS POSITION IN STORE
X or office: has experienced bookkeeping: wages
modest. Address X., box 146. Ca'l Office.
WINE-I.ELLARMAN, WITH EXPERIENCE
, * » . in wine-making, having good ' references,
wishes position as wlnemaker. Address J., box
146, this office. ' " . ■
/a EKMAN WISHES 81TUA TION AS SECOND
VJ cook, hotel, restaurant or any kind of kitchen
work. Address 617 Mission St., room 30.
yOUNG SWEDE WISHES PLACE AS GAR-
-_ dener in private place; city or country ; care of
horses. Address -wede, box 54, Call. •> -.
\l AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS; MAN
-—to cook, bake: wife assist in kitchen or house-
work. Address 221 Minna st. '
BARBER - a GOOD YOUNG BARBER
wants steady position, or help out evenings,
Saturday and Sdnday. Address S. S., box 91, Call.
ANCHER — a STRONG YOUNG MAN
wants situation on ranch; experienced. Ad-
dress H. 0., bjx 76, call.
■t?NERGETIc"_ONEST YOUNG MAN WISH-
XJ es position of some kind of work; very handy
with tools. Address H. V., box 88, Call.
USTLER AND GOOD ALL-ROUND MAN
wants position In city or country. WIL-
LI A MS, box 88, this office.
17IIRST-C_ASS LAUNDRYMAN WITH 10
X years' experience at running a 8U Clalr shirt-
polishing machine wishes a position. Call or ad-
dress 1921 Myrtle sU. Oakland.
WORK TED— MIDDLE-AGED MAN,
»» understands lodging-house work, will work
for board, room and washing. Address W.tw.,
box 101. Call Office. > . ,
APANEoE METAL-WORKER: GOOD HAND
In filing, grinding, polishing aid all other finish-
ing works: can operate machinery; understands
mechanical drawing; has experience in manufac-
ture of wire nails; city or country; wages no ob-
Ject. .. H.. 1329 Pine st.
BEING A PRACTICAL MINER AND PROS-
pector in placer and quartz, also expert with
mineral rod, wants partner to furnih grub, outfit
and expenses for prospecting. W. A. M., 231
Sanchez su
\\7 ANTED— WORK BY YOUNG MAN, GER-
" man, to wash dishes, assist in cooking, wait on
table or other work; city or country. Pease ad-
dress H. VIKLIIZ, 631 Sacramento St., room 23.
YOUNG MAN (SCANDINAVIAN) WISHES
X situation; city or country; first-class driver:
attend to horses and garden; also good milker;
references. Address G. A., box 81, Call Office.
RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISH_S A POSl-
tion as photo-printer: had 7 years' experience;
can clve best of reference. Address P. T., box 71,
Call Office.
YOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION WITH
X private family; understands the care of horses
and driving; good reference. D. MULLED Y, San
Mateo.
p ERMAN (30), 3 MONTHS IN COUNTRY,
VJ wishes situation: speaks English: strictly
sober and honest. Address H. <;.. box 101. CalL
ENGINEER AND MACHINIST WHO THOR-
ougbly understands electrical work desires po-
sition. Address E. M., box 46. Call.
hOY 17 WOULD LIKE TO GET WORK: UN-
XJ derstands care of horses: city or country.
Call or address 1627 Howard St.
AN INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FlRST-
class Has em and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call Office. :
ANTED BY ENGLISHMAN; A PLACE IN
'» private stable and make himself generally
useful around place; moderate wages: California
reference; city or country. Address Groom, box
109, Call Office. .
OUSE-C LEANER WANTS TO DO ALL
kinds of house-elf by the day. Address
JAPANESE GEORGE, 1210yfr Larkin St.
POSITION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN AS
X assistant bookkeeper or clerk; salary not so
much an object as opportunity to gain experience;
first-class references. Address G. 8., box 85, Call.
STRONG BOY. 18 YEARS OLD. SPEAKING"
0 French and English, wishes a situation in a
store or wholesale nous-; will make himself gen-
erally useful; is able to help with bookkeeping if
necessary: lives with parents. Address Utility,
Call Branch Office, 530 Montgomery su ■
V MAN: ON PRIVATE PLACE: UNDER-
stands horses, cows and Dlaln gardening; 5
years In last place: good references. Address C.
A., box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
Ik.' INCHESTIiR HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per. night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage 10 and from the ferry.
p RAD UATE OF STENOGRAPHY AND
vjr bookkeeping desires a position in tome whole-
sale and commission house; wages not a particu-
lar object; best of references furnished. Address
B. R., box 74. Call Office. .
THIRST-CLASS BLACKSMITH IN GENERAL
J work and horseshoeing; can do a little wood
work: would like to have situation to go in the
country. Address S. EL, box 74, Call Office.
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
>» Market— Electric lights In every ' room 200
rooms; 26c to $1 50 per nicht: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free luis and bngp«"»» to ml from the ferrr.
F_aiA__ HELP WANT—-.
rfwXff U_SS_B™AND chajTbkj4aTd~as^
— < slst waiting, same country hotel. $20 each;
waitress, steady, country hotel, $20; chamber-
maid and waitress, near city, $18: cook, few board-
ers, $26: neat working housekeeper, widower's
family, $15: 100 women and girls for all kinds of
work. MURRAY — READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 63t> Clay st.
1 A N D ESS. COUNTRY HOTEL, $20.
Jj MURRAY' A READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"VTEAT WOMAN, CHAMBERWORK AND
— waiting, mining town. $2ii and fare paid.
MURRAY _ READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU - ." ■ ,
IVTEAT IRISH COOK, $35. MISS CUL-EN, 323
— 1 suiter st. - ■
COOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, $26.
MISS CUL-EN. 323 SnttersU
RANCH COOK, $25: COOK, CONTRA COSTA
County, $16. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
HAMBERMAID: AND WAITRESS, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sntterst. .
COOK, COUNTRY, $30: HOUBKWORK
girl, Alameda, $20: Oakland, $25; San Mateo,
*25; 16 housework girls, city and country, $10 to
$30. MISS ci LLEN, 323 Sntterst. ■ , ■ .
MEAT, REFINED OIKL, NO WASH, $12.
1> MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
OMAN, WITH A CHILD. AS WORKING
housekeeper. $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ler su . - ■
\\* AITREBS. SEASIDE HOTEL, $20: WAIT-
• » ress, sprlnss, $20: lunch waitress, city. CR.
HAN EN A CO.. 110 Geary sU
Ij>RENCH IRONER, NR. CITY, $30: FANCY
' Ironer. country, $25 to $30. C. R. HANaKN
— Co.. 110 Geary su
\[CR.SE. CAKE OF CHILD 6 YEARS AND
—'I sew, references, $16; 20 (rlrls for housework,
city and rountiy, $20 to $26. ' C. R. HANSEN A
00., 110 Geary su . ' ' - ■ ' ■
HOTEL COOK,. COUNTRY, $35; RESTAU-
rant cook, city, $35: French cook. $30; ranch
cook, $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Gear. St.
\ArANTED-2 COOKS,- COUNTRY.. $30, SEE
'» lady this forenoon: chambermaid and wnlt-
ress, country hotel. $20: waitress for resort, $20;
cracker packer; biscuit packer: girl for housework,
Eureke, $25; 20 girls for hous»work In German
and American families, $15, $20 and $25. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.", 312 Sutter SU "
W ANTED— SWEDISH COOK AND HOUSE-
'» work, $20; German second and sewing, $25;
3 young French elrls to 'assist, $10; waitress,
country hotel, $20: - French second girl, $20.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su_
GOOD WAITRESS, RESORT, HOTEL, $20:
waitress, nice place. $15 and room: ironer for
laundry, $25, board and room; waitress, city, $20
ami room. BBMqj_MM
German family cook, $25, etc. ; cook and laun-
dress. $25: girl for Clay St., nice place, $20. no
children. MARTIN'S Employment Agency, 749
Market sU ' '■ ■ ■ .-'-
I f\ GIRLS FOR HOUSEWORK AND ASSIST;
1 yJ also nurseglrls. - MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st. .
WAITRESS $25; STEADY JOB. .HOTEL
GAZETTE. 410 Kearny st. ■ ,
Al GERMAN COOK. $30, CITY. GERMAN
Employment Office, 306 Mason sU :
TrTkiTgirl. WAITING. $15. GERMAN km-
X ployment Office, SO6 Mason st. " .
GIRLS. FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK, #15,
$20. German Employment Office, 306 Mason.
p ERMAN COOKS, $*5 AND $30: AMERICAN
VX girls. $10 to $20. 122 Geary sU :
Wanted— girl for oenkral house-
* work, $15 with wash, $12 without. Apply
18S7 Mission st. Thursday from 10 to 12 a. if.
OOD GIRL. TO TAKE CARE OF CHII>
; *X. dren; ; - sleep home. 405 Powell 1 St., 10 to 3
o'clock. - : . :
T^XPERIENCED SALESLADY, IMMf.DIAT_>
Xj \v; married woman preferred. . 503 Spreckels
building. . ■ -. - . t r
pIRL. GENERAL HOUSEWORK; SLEEP
vJ home: $10. 904% Folsom su ■ .
WA.NTED-POPILS TOLEAKN negative
retouching; terms reasonable. 131 Post st.
VOVSU GIRL TO "ASSIST WITH LIGHT
X housework.;: Call at 318 Eureka st. •_„; ■
y OUNG LADY TO PLAY THE PIANO, $6 A
X week and board, coanrry. -" 306 Mason sU .. ' ■
Girl to DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK in
the country. Apply 818 Eddy St. : .-•- ..
TfXPERIENCKD TAI_OREBS -ON CUSTOM
XJ coats; apprentice aiao . 230 Seventh sU .
W ANTED— A NTRSEGIRL, AGE T8 TO 20
_*' years. Apply ; bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. 1484 Posu
IVASTBD- GOOD* HAND AT DRESSMAK-
» » Ins. :" 3 IsU sU, off Twelfth. .
HELP: P- Continued . _
PANTS-FINISHERS WANTED AT 633
X Stevenson su ;- ' :
VVOMAN WANTED to work in kitchen
VT'.at 13b Polk su ..
GIRL, TO ASSIST IN COFFEE-SALOON. 12
rClaysu- .;"- : ■-.- ; . ... -;■■■ ". :, .■ :-
IRL, LIGHT HOUSEWORK. . CHRISTIAN
» * home, wages small. - 1310 Fell, nr. Broderick.
EFINED LADY TO MANAGE AN OFFICE
XV business. Call 131 Post, room 21.
QPERATORS. . 32% FREMONT ST.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR GENERAL
housework. Apply Monday morning 655 Capp.
TJAIRDRESSING. 250 AND 55c; MOKNJNO
XX and eve classes; 101egsons,$l 50. 1248 Mission.
PERFECT FITTING AND STYLISH DRESS-
x making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et, and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo-
POWELL Academy.636 Market.opp. Palace Hotel.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY'
X- Tues.,2to3: dresacntting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HAIR-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell st. and 105 Ninth.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLK;
.mv. Wlncfl ester House, 44 Third su. near Market:
•<!UO rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
____f_k- irre 'fans and 1 ftgg H ■!■ onn'l from ferr>-.
MALE U___* WASTED.
1 R4. MEN WANTED FOR DIFFERENT
, JU f positions from $15 to $95 permon:h and
found: 10 laborers for a mine, $33 per month and
found; teamster for the mountains, $30 and
found; camp blacksmith, must be a good horse-
«o« eri J ob near city, $50 and fonud: 3 milkers.
*26, 3 butter-makers. $25, see boss here; '20 farm-
• r oren * rd * nd vineyard hands, $30, $26 and
$20: 3 cboreboys for ranches, $15; 20 laborers
and teamsters, city, $1 75, $1 60 per day and $26
per month and board; 20 tiemakers. 8c and 10c
each: 10 woodchoppers; 10 cooks. $60, $50, $40,
$-5, $15: 3 ranch cooks; cookandwlfe: 3 waiters.
$30 and $25; 3 dishwashers. $15 and $20; 5 men
to Irrigate land. MURRAY A READY. Leading
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
"□"EAT* AND SECOND COOKS FOR SPRINGS
xx. $100: cook and wife, country hotel, $70 to
*ou, see party here: pastry-cook and baker for a
resort, $40; second head waiter. Eastern man pre-
ferred. $50: baker, small country shop, $25; Ger-
man barkeeper, country, $30; pantryman for
springs, $20: experienced young man to take
charge of storeaoom, country hotel. C. R. HAS-
SEN & CO.. 110 Geary sU
TRONER AND RUN SHIRT -MACHINE, HO-
— tei laundry, country, $40 and found : ironpr and
run shirt-machine, country laundry, $85: polisher,
country laundry. $35: washer, country laundry
$30. C. R. HaNSEN- CO., 110 Geary st.
EDGERMAN, EXPERIENCED, IN SUGAR-
XJ pine country sawmill, $50 and found: man
about place. $20: 6 farmers. $20 and $25: 3 mlik-
ers, $25. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
SECOND COOK. RESTAURANT, $55: BROIL-
er, restaurant. $50. C. R. HANSEN —CO..
110 Geary sU
V OUNG MAN AS STOREKEEPER, COUNTRY
, X hotel, $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
Y OUNG, ACTIVE SECOND HEAD WAITER:
,^ 8t , r ? DKer preferred; $50. C. R. HANSEN «t
CO.. 110 Geary sU
fIOOD CLUB WAITER, $40 TO $45. C. R.
XX HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary at.
1 V ANTED — 2 ALL-ROUND LAUNDRY-
__ men for country, $30 and $35 and found;
Ironer and polisher, Troy machine, $35 and
found; 2 laundrymen for institution, $7 a week
and found; 2 butterniakers. see boss here to-day:
furnace man for mine, steady work, $42 month;
astern farmers, $20: 2 laborers for mine, $20 and
found; boy lor country store, $10 and found. Ap-
ply J. F. CROSETT _ CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— 4 TIEMAKERS. IOC; SEE BOSS
•» here to-day: cook, country hotel, $50 and
found: waiters, dishwashers and others. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sacramento st. \
AN JRON-R FOR LAUNDKY, #35, BOARD
and room second baker, $30 and room; pot
washer. $6 11 week. MARTIN'S Employment
Agency, 749 Market St. v
\\; ANTKD — THIRD COOK, FIRST-CLASS
" resort, $40, fare advanced; German or French
cook, private boarding-house, $40: French laun-
dryman, $25; waiter who can open oysters, $40,
etc. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton su • .
BAKER, OAKLAND, $40; SECOND COOK,
city; call early. Employment Office. 128 fourth.
COOK. COUNTRY, $60: HEAD WAITER, $40.
HOTEL OAZETTK, 420 Kearny su
MAN TO ABf<l-T NIGHT WATCH: 6 FEET
tall; steady; sober: small wages; good home.
Address A. B. C, box 6, Call Office, Oakland. ■
UTCHER: YOUNG SINGLE MAN; EX-
perienced; references. Address 8., box 148,
Call Office. ■■ ■ !
OY TO LEARN GROCERY BUSINESS;
must reside with parents. 126 Clay, beu 4 and 5.
MEN FOR RANCH, $20. 315 SUTTER
strceu
APER-HANGER AT 408 OCTAVIA ST.
sharp.
Yy ANTED— COOK AT 1553 MARKET BT.
ANTED— BOOTBLACK AT 633 MONT-
gomery st. . ..
WANTED AT, 346 MCALLISTER ST.,
»» blacksmith finisher.
f^OR SALE— BARBER-SHOP, 15c., DOING
good business. 131 O'Farrell sU '
I V\r ANTED— STEADY MAN; PERMANENT
I '" position; will be assured of at least $75 per
month; must be steady and have $150c*sb. _p-
j ply BAILEY, rooms 1 and 2, 917 Market st. -
.ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
1> retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
L» AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
— > P. C. Barbers' Asan. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBKRS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
\J ARBERS' Ab-OC'IATxuN Oi' lAi. KMPLOV-
J-> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. 2:i9Va O'Farrell.
"DARBER-SHOP, COUNTRY; BKST 2-CHAIR
X* shop In the state: for on reasonable terms.
Apply &TOLTZ. 630 Market sU •
i>ARBERS-2-CHaIR 15C-SHOP; $75; TRIAL
X> given. 3204 Twenty-fourth st.
BARBER-SHOP AND 3 ROOMS AND SMALL
store: reasonable. 649 Broadway.
BIGHT, -HARP ii USTLER TO SELL Cl-
gars and manage a department in a wholesale
bouse; former experience in the line not neces-
sary ; we want a hustler. E. E. A., box 99, Call.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.
x> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;\veek $1 tos2 50;readlng-room;strictestatten-
tion to morning calls: clean; quiet; open all night.
FOR SALE — ELEGANT ANTIQUE OAK.
JP five-chair barber-shop furniture. Apply 327
Geary su ■ .
WASTED-FOREMAN FOR STEAM LATIN-
" dry; must understand his business and be a
sober man: a good place for the right p irty. An-
swer by letter and give references. Address box
95. Mercury Office, san Jose, Cal.
RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $3, $5 to
$2 60, $4 to $1 50. $2 50 to $1 25; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and
put In new stock. 638 Market, opp. fal#ce Hotel.'
\k7 INCHESTER HOUSE. 44THIRD ST..NEAR
»» , Market; 200 rooms, 26 cents a night; reading-'
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
VV" ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN _ t*6., Dupu L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C. for their $1800 prlz» offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted. ' ■— rfflrriMHTTWl
I : E HAVE A LOT OP DAMAGED SHOES
» • selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes nought or exchanged. ' 66- Mission su . ,
mRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED- FOR THE UNJTED. STATES
„ Marine Corps, U. 8. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits;' able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have . legally de-
clared their intentions 10 -become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special. inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recrul ing Office. 20 Ellis su, San Francisco, Cal.
TT'REE BEER— 2 SCHOONERS FOR 6c; ALSO
J a bottle of lager or steam, 6c, at 637 Clay su ■
FIRST-CLASS CARRIAGE STRIPER ON
light and heavy : wont. Address box 95, this
office.
SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS. 25c NIGHT,
$1 week. . Ro&edale House. 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
"1 l\f\ MEN TO TAKE . LODUINW _T lOc, 15c
XUU And 20c a night, including coSav ana rolls, '
£84 Washington su, near Kearny. ■
S.— RE—OVKD FROM; 6O9 CLAY TO 643
• Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
ODGINOS. 5c TO 15c PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
Continental House, 621 Pacifi , below Kearny.
4 STUM A CURE 1 GUARANTEED; DR, GOR-
♦A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. , 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY--SINU' E = ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night . $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorg sts.
\\r *, « ARE SHOE . doctors; WE l repair
»' I your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with oar new machines we can do < your work
*at one- half ths usual price; done while you ' walL
662 Mission su, between First and Second sts.' .-.-:■
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR; BECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission sU, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3 :■ ladles'. gents' and children's misfit ■ aud
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. •-- . -
ROOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO «1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm su
WANTED— __BORERS : AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver ; House, 217 ; Third su: 140
large rooms; 26c per right; $1 to $3 per week.
C^ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50-
-/ half-solelng 26c up. 950 Howard su, nr. SlXthl
: I INDELL; HOUSE. SIXTH AND ? HOWARD
J ' els. ; single furnished rms .76c week, 16c nlghu
ANTED.'IO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
crsAclerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
LCHO HOUSK, , is»l£ MARKET ' ST.—
Rooms 20c. 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keen It. : ,
■:■___■ HELP, "WANTED— Co-tlnnod.
ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY; $1
veek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a weelc;
reading-room: dally papers. :36 Clay st.
WANTED— MEN TO~LKARN BARBER
"' trade: only*B weeks required: tools given and
rutfcloctie !— 'Tit. v. _, Barber school. 1515 Howard.
Ati—NTS antjku. ._'__■_■ .
T^MPIRE LIFE. • '
—PURE LIFE
INSURANCE—
AT COST
AGENTS WANTED.
. PORTER BUILDING,
_• SAN JOSE.
rriRAVELING-MEN TO HANDLE SIDE LINE;
X also a few city canvassers. 9V2 Eighth st.
\ GENTS— HOUSEHOLD ARTICLE YOU CAN
-t\- sell; makes money. Department A, Detroit
Paper-bag Company, Detroit, Mich. .-..
©CUP a DAY— MEN AND WOMEN. call
<ID<-> r00m;433. Kmporium building, fourth floor.
~~ ■."•■'; KOOMS WANTED. \
wXnTED— TO BUY A ROOMING-HOUSE OF
' » 12 to 14 rooms; central. Address R. H., box
9. Call.
WANTKD-JUSCKLLAJiIiOUS.
"lir ANTED— TO BUY BECOND-HAND PAIR
Vi of twin chases and a proof-press. Address W.
8., box 142, Call.
W ANTED— TO EXCHANGE A PET DEER
for a bicycle. C.N.PARMENTER,WInters,CaI.
SECOND - HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS*
lenses, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHINU AND JKW
elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth »f.: rend postal ■
BICYCLES.
TTA^GTI^nN^A^T^AItN^rTA^^E^CrALSO
1' single wheels. , 306 Post st.
ECOND-HAND WHEELS IN PBRFECT
order; terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33,
Be_ Hnr tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
VTEW BARNES TANDEM FOR SALE. AP-
-1.1 ply 11 Stockton sU"
rpANDEM; BRAND SKW; '96: $150: SELL
X for $100. F. R. GRANNIS A CO., 609 Market.
QECON D-H A D STERLING AT EXCEPTION-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM, ALMOST NEW,
$90. W. CRANE, 324 Post St.
JW INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
. Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
GPL NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market st.
DARK CYCLERY— NEWWHEEBS TO _Et7
X best - accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
Alllster and Powell st. car lines. -
-•Pit SAL_- 311s LL. AN KotTa.
OR SALE— WIN DMILL AND PUMP ; Air
' mos- new. 3213 Twentieth su
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND HAVE
them repaired: separate parts sold and shipped.
San Francisco Baby Carriage Company. 442 Sixth.
L^AMILY COW FOR SALE; CHEAP. 847
£ Florida sU. near Twenty-first, below Bryant.
PACIFIC GAS ENGINE— 2-H.P.: PERFECT
order; 'i Adams prtg presses; power. 616 Mission
T/<OR SALf.— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
— Ham Klford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 14U6 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
ONE HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply 2103 Larkin st., after 6 P. M.
C^ OU N T US, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
) bought and sold. 112 iy 2 Market.bet. 7th<feBth.
ARGAINs TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 810 California.
K OILERS,ENGINES,2D-HAND MACHINERY.
1 > waterplpea : Mclntosh —.Wolpman. 137 Beale.
t UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHEd
• ' doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission. .'
NE.S<MALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market st.
LURE AND , BURGLAR . SAFE, LETTER-*
X press, platform scales and cheap. 102 Clay.
VTEW RANGED CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
Xi hand.- W. H. RAY Mfg Co, 12 California st.
S— WING MACHINES.
_ LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED,
•f- rented, repaired: lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
MUSICAL INSTKUM_;NXS.
<£ IOK FINE UPRIGHT; GOOD toneT
■« *-«-"• perfect order. r 115 Seventh st.
UfEHAViiA NUMBfclt OF GOOD PIANOS
» ' and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have been called In from agents
throughout the coast, in whose bands they have
remained for some time without being sold. .Call
early and secure _ bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
<_ CO., cor. Kearny and . Suiter sts., Stem way rep-
resentatives.
LOSING : OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small poods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 36: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st.. Spreckels building.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of , our selling some pianos for $3 per
month It is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,.
CLAY A CO., Stein way representatives. ■
N OP 1 OR'l UNITY SELDOM OFFERED;! AN
excellent upright piano, line action and tone;
guaranteed 5 years: $125; delay and you lose iv
Room 12, Flood building.
tfIAM FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
«irl VI 'large Newhall up; $175 for fine new
pianos: call at once if you want bargains. MAU-
VAIS, 769 Market su
WILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
"" . the celebrated Hallet _ Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st.
lAM OS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 033 Market sU .
DEFOKK BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
J-> & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices, a. l. BANCROFT «fc CO.. 324 Post sU
ttUICKKRI.NU, KNABK, STKCK.VOSK, STER-
> ling pianos; see our new piano for $187: piano*
:or rent BENJ. I'UKTAZ A SON, 16 O'Farrell.
T>ADERE\VSKI UPRIOHT.I.JGHT CAS •<. ,9250
X Hnrtman & Sons'. #250, BRUENN'S, 228 Post.'
PINE MUSICAL INSTRUMENT. (DULCI-
— mer), $10: very cheap. eO3 Shotwell st.
Q£Gf\ EMERSON: GOOD As NEW; SOLD ON
tjpxjyj. $5 Installments. 221, Leavenworth st.
C_ 1 OXBARGAIN;FINE UPRIGHT SCHMITZ
<E)XO<J. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
VKON _Ab_Y, 308 POST ST.— SOHMKB,
Newby * Evans, Brlecs nnd other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD-NEW
J H. MULLKK. maker, r.M>Rlr<»r. 3 _______U_v
— — - —— __________ _
MJKDICAL,.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and ■ diseases - peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. _ MRS.
Da VIEs, 14 McAllister st., next Hibernia Bank:
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. x.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in ' confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY' used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save tl ma
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRa DR. WYKTH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
NEW PROCESS—^NO MEDICINE, IN3TRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day
can be sent and nsed at home; all cases guaranteed '■
If you .want 10 be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
LADIES, CHICH ESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills ■ (Diamond Brand) are the best-
safe, reliable; take no other. • Send 4c, stamps for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies." in letter by re-
turn mail: at druggist's. = Chichester Chemical Co.
Philadelphia. Pa. '
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
XJ clalty; unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best care-
low fees; p«Us $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st '
• A LPEAU'S FRENCH % PILLS- A BOON TO
A. ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danter
uifes_d sure; .$2 60 express C O. D. don'tde__r
ontU too late. QSUOOD BROS., Oakland. CaL
INSTITUTE .. Ot'.v PNEUaIATOFA 1H V FOR
X healing and Instructions; 2729 : Jackson sl
hours, 10 to 6; k consultation tree; call or write for
our -New Methods": the poor healed free.
VI RS. DR. WEOENER TAKES LADIES BEI
, f« fOre^ n S dDring co ««««>««nent: infants Adopted
nto good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
S l^ 01 H . E * OK ALL FEMALE DIB_ASEB,
O from whatever cause: a home in confinement
,______3____^____^^___^!s.
$500 Foi * K VERY FAILURE TO CURE:
2^__!il__i£«__C___:_^all«r3l6 r-owe"
M^nfi 5 " F " RODGKR PKIVATE HOME _■
■nx confinement; erms reduced. 929 Howard su
M R ™ J « A ACHA.RD, MIDWIFK-HOMK IN
•ITA confinement; 26 yrs', experience. 656 Mission.
-see MRS. DR. PUETZ and becontenU 264V^ 4th.
■Pdr^ KiT S^JS 1 ?J? CONFIM EMENT. MRS.
X DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth »U. Alameda., a y ,
1)?; HALL. 14 -ICALLISIKU hIKEKT, NJfiAIS
. J-'.-enes. , _>iseaaes of women and children.
• * person ails^ «_____
LADY~~OS GOOD ADDRESS
wishes to meet with family returning or visit-
ins; England; would give services to ludy as maid
or as lend children for small remuneration. V. N.
box 68," Elmhnrst, Alameda County. CaL
RS.' SAME EVANS' COSMETIC PARLORS,
865% Market st. , room 12. ' i -
BAB CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER. SALE;
XV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
t*EO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland. Cal.
1 INCULN BROS..CASH GROCERS. 226 SIXTH
XJ st., middle of the block— Eggs, 10c a dozen;
butter. 20c a roll: picnic hams, 6c 1b; sugar-cured
ham, 8c Ib: 3 lbs new cheese, 25c: "3 cans salmon,
25c; flour, 76c a sack : cornmeal, 20c a sack. LIN-
COLN BROS., 226 Sixth st. .
■pARTINGTON'B SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE 1
X and Newspaper Illustration, 424 Pine St., is now
open, after the vacation." For particulars apply or
address above. : ". ■ ■■■""..■'
A DV ICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
__ cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE, atty-at-law. 850 Market st
DD JOB COMPANY, 1028 MARKET ST..
do job work in all branches, guard dwellings
and o.her property at a moment's notice; tele-
phone Mint, 601. WISE _ GREENHAN.
LICE — THAT ACTRESS WHOSE HAIR
J\. you admired so mucb had It dressed at G.
LEDERER'S. 11l Stockton St., lor only 25c:
LEDERIiR also sells that "Quinonia" hair tonic
which I told you about; he does good work, GEO.
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK, RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: Improves complexion; externally applied:
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2063. San Francisco, CaL ■ ■ "
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
J_ out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery St.. room 18.;
TJIG OUTDOOR BTKREOPTICON SHOW _VE-
JL» ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. : artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bast*
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
xv. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTH -
CHILD's, 213-215 Mason st. : open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third sU, near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING:
low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
MRS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles, 126 Kearny st., room 47.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company, lll7 Market st., bet 7th and Bth.
ADY, STRANGER IN THE CITY, DESIRES
business partner capital. 122 Post st-.,r.2
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor,26c. Razor Exchce, 630 Market
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST; DI3-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. <fc Kearny.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mauufrs' cost. Factory, 20 .Sansome, upstairs.
T IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JhJW-
J_ elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market st
HTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
L.D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS 1 AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLJMAN. 41 3a. cor. J*<wl».
DKESSJIAKEKS.
■pkRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
J lawn $1 up. 50534 Natoma St., above t-ixth.
CLAIKVO
UCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE a
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M- L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future, thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions; send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy st.
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
\1 ME. STEWERT. SEVENTH DAUGHTER
-L'l- of the seventh daughter, still astonishes the
city by producing exact likeness of your future
husband or wife: the greatest trance clairvoyant
and card-reader on the coast; test her powers ere
she sails for Europe: she guarantees to bring back
lost love; makes peace and happiness in the home.
Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
(> IT AN A THE GYPSY. - j '. '
VT This remarkable woman has jnst arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunites the separated
and causes speedy and happy marriage with the
one of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success In New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives Infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to B. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. : elevator.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, cord- reader, born with a douDle veil and
second sight; ladies 50c gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
Returned] world-renowned mmc.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 866 Mission.
"VI ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
i.'X the world: 60c and $1, shows you the pictureof
roor future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
RS. KNIGHT. MEDIUM; MY--TIC CARD
reader; fee 50c; ladles only. 714 Leavenworth.
YPSY LIFE- READER: LADIES 25c;
. gents 60c: all qnestlons answered. 6 Seventh.
\i ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
l*x past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business ad vice; names given ;26c np. 6 Fourth.
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth,
MME. SYBILLE TI.LLS FROM CRADLK TO
the grave: fee a 5 cents. ' 914 O'Farrell st.
VI ISS M. JULAN A ROLLINS, MENTAL MAO-
-- netlc healer. 620 Market, rooms 30-31.
£>T CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST IN
the city: fee only 50c. 29 l-.ddy street.
S-»AKJ.T-A-ISM~
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 18
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEE $1 A UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eyeT Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and le3rn that lire is yet worth Hvinir'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this coast in the ten years past is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, *au
Irancisco. and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed: success
brought to • the unlucky; love to the loveless - the
separated are nnited; the sick made strong • the
poor become rich; If you think your husband, wire
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor tnortals
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens are
hieh above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
s?^. l L now »> what ' , fßllure meaasl Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copvrhjhted) cure
every disease that human flesh is"h<Mr to. and no
matter of, how ions; standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail is always most suc-
cessful and satlsfaciory. All letters answered.
firir Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair
FEE $1 A UPWARD ! FEE «i & UPWARD!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market su, odp. Seventh.
__________ ■ - San Francisco. "
A . FRIENDSHIP HALL. 326 AND 328 Mc^
-«. Allister st.. grand platform test meeting to-
night at 8 o'clock; Mmes. Place, Meyer, Hasklns.
Wermouth, Bird, Slowson. smith and McKee-
good music; admission 10 cents. --.«>.
m E ST 5 CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10& MME.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister: all skeptics invited!
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE-'
. writer. 118 Halght at ; hours 9 uutil 6P. M.
Bishop garrison, 1370 market; scan!
ces Tuesday, Friday even's., 25c. ; 10 to 4 daily.
VI -RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND Busi-
-IT! ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136Oakst.
HENRY CRINDLE, MATERIALIZING BE-
' ance this eve.. 50c. 1027 Market st.
A DDIE SWAIN, SEER; SITTINGS TO LA-
r\ dies Ito 8 p. m. 344 McAllister st.
ASTROLOGY. '
Xs^R^-OaY^frTsfE^lclN^lfA^l^lTlES
XV or questions answered: Prof. Howard's vital
remedies restore heath. ■ 311 Hyde st., lO to 3. g;
DESi XISTS.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MART
V^ketsu. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists:
only reliable agent for painless extraction; artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from $1; extracting 60
cents, with gas $1.
"PIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
X Prices; first-class results; painless extraction
°* teeth. Telephone Main 5375. W. C. HAH.
Dl>c--, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter st., corner PowelL
ViV. LU DLUM : HILL, 1443 MAKK_I' S r""
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whe>i
piates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
TV. GEORGE W. "LEEK, THK GENUINE
xj Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of - Improved bridge work or teeth,
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
•.T) H - L. T. 1 RAN /.— EXTRACTION PAINLESS
XJ crown ; work, bridge work and teeth wlthoat
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant ava.
•ffR7' A _? 5T *' OK TEETH: WARRANTED as
T .1 gO 2^^ as . C6n "* -»««>•: flnin « »1- Dr. SIMMS.
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
T>AINLES3 EXTRACTION. dOc; CROW~f
X bridge work a specialty, plates, $5 up: 13 ve»r'v
experience. R. L.*WaiJh. D.D.S*. 8l5»4 Oe^y.
I .K. i-UCKETT, 1703 . PU-T ST.. near bu ;
* _ cnanan ; , gas given; crown and bridge work.
■Fn^^Dß:^^v A^Y!^ tR i_S o
sgY > £u T jr<g T &yps-l i ' ii ' Ai>AATjL "•'
rpULTOiV DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 804 _A_T
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. : ;T~
X)*» "■*• j. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
' -"*•• - aye.— Open l evenings; , Sundays tUI uooo.TF YOIjRvAN.TTO SELL OR ' b'uTT'busT:
1 ness^lck see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
PARTNER WANTED IN BUTCHKR
<^ <1* bUBin «s: 3 horses. wa?on"slaiighter-
houserSh country town; doing fine 1 business: rare
cliii.ir.._ LVBELSKI &OH A ME, 7 City Hail aye!
S I 000 »°Rsk«horiso BUSINESB~IN I
s?i * «n* °K K ef? f the D locations in the city;
doing a fine business; will sell, trade or- take a
i^v LtIBFT e l.- Ba^ .J '' lueste<l: raf« opportun-
ity. LUBKLsk & chase. 7 City Hall aye. .
,^550 E « KO -!; ST CIGAK STORK, DOING
.^.■lor.«iit\-i fl 2 e bllslne3 «; the rent Is cheap and
thf locality is fine; it will pay you to investigate
h 3 fine buy without delay to-day. LUBEI.SKI &
( ,urn , 1 city Ha. I aye.
V .HORSES, WAGON AND HARNESS; GOOD
*m S i? s ess ; established trade. LUBELSKI
«s tHAhh,7 (■;% 11:, I. «ye. -:-
IT«.r VOU VANTABUs:;IXJES ' OF ANY KIND
Z. n,L UH sb^ 3 !L?, v B .° mf " liue ' >aces at bargalns;call
at once. LUBELSKI & CHASE, 7 City Hall aye.
$1950 ( ' M °C!EItY ON PRINCIPAL
,* IAUU, street: large stock; cheap rent; liv-
ing-rooms: clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
bargain; rare chance. STENBKRG CO., 632 Mar-
Jket J>t« ■ ... " . '
iR 1000 BAKERY NORTH OF MARKET;
iSAyW. baking three barrels daily: receipts
$250 a week ; clears $150 a month : no opposition;
rare bargain. &TENBERO CO., 632 Market si.
iSilO^ » ORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
3 X—O. notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice
goods; sickness. STENBERO CO., 682 Market. :
ONEY-MAKING RESTAURANT; NOT
■AX one-fourth cost of fixtures: location and
trade excellent: must be sold to-day;. a snap.
CNDKR^OOD, 765 Market Bt. / ■
<%! 1 ( 10 FIN RESTAURANT AND BAK-
*CJ-- 1 cry; perfect oven; everything com-
plete; large store and family trade: best location
on coast outside this city. UNDERWOOD. 765
Market st. . - .
G>°Onn' $5000-PARTY WITH THIS
OKJyi\J amount of capital to invest In manu-
facturing business protected by United states pat-
ent: scope Is unlimited either in United States or
Europe: a large fortune can be made: the appar-
atus Is now in use in this municipality, but capital
Is required to extend the business: this Is a first-
class opportunity, and Invites Investigation. Ap-
ply or address EDWARD SMITH, 19 City Hall aye.
rpilE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
x California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California Is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying investment in Northern California, and
must be disposed of on account of sic*: ess. tor
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal.
I" 1 OR SALE or WILL take PARTNER IN
best stand in best market; small capital: no
■experience; no night or Sunday work. 415 Mont-
gomery st., room 7.
O ELL OR TAKE PARTNER; ONE OF BEfiT
O stands in best market: small capital: no nigbt
or Sunday work. 415 Montgomery st., room 7.
TO SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
qoicK for cash see sTKAND & CO., 45 Third st.
«2j I-X CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; !
VF~±tO. full value In sight: 4 rooms: bargain I
on account of departure. STRAND & CO., Id I
Third st.
~~~~1 WHOLESALE PRODUCE CO M-
tJPfJKJyf. mission business; partner wanted
with rising young man having first-class trade,
clearing from $200 to «300 per month; well estab-
lished and paying, as will be proven by a thorough
investigation. Eg STEWART, 602 Market St.
<5j AA~ STOCK OP 5- ACRE FRUIT AND
tjpovvf. poultry ranch: on car line, Fruitvale;
chickens, ducks, incubator, brooders, houses and
tools complete: 5 tons of hay: house of 7 rooms:
rent $10. Stock of another place San Leandro road
$75: rent $8. Room 34. Donohoe building, S. F.
&]nn bakery, CONFECTIONER V,
X U\J . grocery, cigar, tobacco and coffee par-
lor: best location in the city; old-established busi-
ness: large stock with fine fixtures: living-rooms,
well furnished: cheap at $400; must be sold at
once. 219 Sixth st. '
©1 nO(> HALF INTEREST ESTABLISHED
•ITIvU". country store, with good estab-
lished trade and a laree stoock ; good chance for a
business man: one partner cannot attend: refer-
ences exchanged: trial given. Apply this office.
LIQUOR-STORE AND FANCY GROCERIES;
prominent coiner on California st.: doin r , r a
cash trade of $600 Der month; rent $35: full
value: owner leaving the State: a bargain. Apply
BAILEY, rooms 1 and a. 917 Market st.
DOCTOR'S PRACTICE; WORTH $1800 TO
$2000 per annum; stock of dru^s and utensils
for $200, actual value of stock; location one of the
most promising mining towns in State. Address
I. L., box 59. Call office, 710 Market St., -. F.
<3?OXnO WILL BUY ONE OF THE MOST
tSS— O\J\J centrally located saloons on Market
St.: a rare chance for two good, practical men; six
years' lea--e; now doing good business. Address
E. C, box 43, Call Office.
TO LET-COAL YARD; IN RUNNING OR-
der; best in city: established 9 years: rented
or leased for a term of years; 6 stalls, screens,
scales; rent $15, with water. 1915 McAllister st.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
' T close estr.:e: business est- since 1869: amount
needed 840,000; owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. D.. box 137. Call Office.
fOR SALE - DOWNTOWN RESTAURANT
X and l'jnchhouse; reasonable price: no night or
Sunday work: suitable for man and wife; paying
place; 20c, 25c meals. Inquire 40 Clay st.
<S«4P;A COFFEE SALOON; BEST CENTRAL
<vl«Jv. location; large business; low rent; Is
worth double amount asked; best reason for sell-
tug. Booms 1 and 2, 917 Market st.
PARTNER WANTED WITH $600 TO $800
for a newly established bakery, confectionery
and coffee saloon : good ' chance for a good man.
Address A. 8., Call Office, Oakland.
CO WILL BUY AN OLD-ESTABLISHED
%pJ-O\J saloon, with 4 rooms; rent $15
a month, call cor. Trent aye. and Thirteenth st.,
bet. Folsom and Harrison, city.
RESSMAKING BUSINESS FOR SALE—
Well established: over one of the largest dry-
goods houses; retiring on account of sickness. Ad-
dress D. s.. box 6, Call Oflice.
<s*l 9^ BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONARY
*S>-y.Z.O. and candy store; north of Market st.;
low rent: doing fair business; living-rooms. See
BARRETT. 1125 Market St.
G> 1 1.00 OLD-ESTABLISHED, GOOD-PAY
"S>J-^\J\J. ing corner grocery, bar. downtown;
sacrifice: owner going East. Particulars at HIL-
BERT BROS.. 103 Powel! St. '
©GOO GOOD PAYING TEA AND COFFEE
•IJPOVV/. store in best town on coast; can be run
by a lady: other business requires my atttention.
Tg A, box 60 Call Office. _
ANTED— OFFERS OF REAL ESTATE,
cash or merchanuise for equity; 6-rOom
houses, 386 and 367 First aye., near Clement st.
1402 Devlsadero jt.
IjMRST-CLASS RESTAURANT FOR bALK
cheap: bonanza for right party: cause of sell-
ing, sickness. Call on or address F. B. HOOSON,
ay wards, Cal.
Q9OOO A FORTUNE TO RIGHT PARTY;
t£)£.\J\J\J. enormous profits: very necessary
patented article; sells at sight. SKIFF & CO.,
»21 Market st.
ESTAURANT: FINK TRADE; BETWEEN
J L 2 carhouses: rent $17: no reasonable offer re-
fnsed: account of bad health. Call 3279 Mission.
QOA/1 INVESTED EARNED: APRIL, $306;
«J)^«JV/ May, $362: June, $874: 1895 averaged
$85 weekly : proofs free. F. DALY, 1293 Bdwy.N Y.
U>OR RENT— LARGE BASEMENT SALOON;
X completely furnished for business; low rent.
Inquire room 62a, Parrott building, 825 Market st.
GOOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN;
first-class oyster and cbophouse: in best loca-
tion; cheap; owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st .
IOX EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
■ tiPX—i/.-on account of sickness: good stand;
clearing $80 mouth. Apply VO5 Larkln st. -•
14" A NTKD-A CHICKEN~B"ANCH~OF 8 OR
■»» 10 acres within 30 miles of 8. F. on easy '■
terms: full particulars. H. R., box 46 Call.
HEAP; FINE CIGAR STORE; GOOD LO-
\J cation, near Market street-, rent $16 a month-
best reason for selling. Apply Call Office. .
QPLENDID OPPORTUNITY— CANDY AND
0 tobacco store for sale cheap; Ice cream and
tamale parlors. Apply 1314 Howard st. .
IpOR SALE, CHEAP— BUTCHER-SHOP :IN
the Mission doing a good cash business. For
particulars apply at store, 227 Kills.
~~T7v PARTNER WANTED IN EMPLOY- '
■ <^)OU..ment office: rare chance; prefers partner
to hired help. Call 128 Fourth Rt.
HICKK.N RANCH FOR SALE CHEAP: 700
\J : thoroughbred fowls, 80 ducks, 100 pigeons.
1130 Twelitb St., East Oakland.
DRUGGISTS ATTENTION — FINE LOCA-
XJ tlon; new store with rooms. Southwest cor-
ner HaU'ht and Devisadero sis.
CUT OROCKRY AND BAR: STOCK AND
<Jpll»J. fixtures:, living-rooms. Apply 7 Deca-
tur st., off Bryant, near Eighth. ■ _. ■»
IJRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION "STORE:
J* cheap: 4 sunny living rooms. SE. corner
Twenty-sixth and Bartlett sts. . • ■
HAKERY AT A BARGAIN"; BAKES FROM 3
I' to 4 bbls. of flour dally ; full inspection allowed.
Centervllle. Alameda County. - ." : .- : ■ j
I ABO A IN: SALOON FOR SALE; LOCATION
X) 714' Bryant; 1 low rent.: Call at premises, or
room 40. Chronicle building. " . - .
HE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED MOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In- j
quire D. ROTHENbUSH. ' - "•''■-'-
VRUIT STORE FOR SALE: HORSE AND
X I wagon; good trade. 1607 POLK, near Sacra-
mento; account sickness. 1 -" ' ' ' - ' ■
(\i\ VERY CHEAP: (SALOON AND 4
♦JiiUU. rooms; rent $25; on account of sick-
ness. Apply Call Oflice. ' ;
Q. I Qhfl t-OOD BAKERY IN A BOOMING
OlOvl/. - mining town; good reasons for . sell-
Ing. : Apply Call Oflice. ?■•-.. \ - ; ' .
L"OR HALE— <iOOD-PAYING SALOON: PRK6- |
1 ' ent owner 6 years 'in business.*: Apply. 627
Sacramento wt. ' - . '■■ •■' ■'- :-:'/*' -
PHICKKN RANCH: CHEAP; ■IN . EAST
v^ Berkeley. Inquire FRAZEK'S Grocery; Ber-
ryman station. '
.INTERIOR A GEN CVi OF CALL FOR SALE;
X will pay 8150 per month; price $4000. • Apply
this orflce. ■•-":. ' "' '•
QHOEMAKKR-SHOP FOR SALK CHEAP
»-' 33&00U6h8t.. .: - ... • ' y
: BtTSTVKSS CHANCES- Con tinned.
fflfi £fk FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
tIDXUU suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post St. ..... .-•..:> ...... ■■ .
ARBER-SHOP. REVOLVING CHAIRS; IM-
mediate sale: departure: bargain. 517 East st.
<2> A '^fl SALOON: FINE BUSINESS; LOW
*4j}^rO\J . rent; reason, poor health. 986 Pacific.
T ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
XJ (German) ; $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason st.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
r Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
GOOD CORNER CIGAR-SfORE; ON AC-
count of sickness. Cor. Sixth and Market sis.
<3jM OAfk SALOON; OPPOSITE CITY HAL.
<TpXOUU. AadressS.. 435 Thirteenth st.
JUNK CORNER SALOON AND KESTAUR-
. rant. corner of Fell and stanyan sts.
BARBERS— LOCATION FORBARBKR-
XJ shop. Apply 9 Geary st,. room 15.
ATA SACRIFICE— A FIRST-CLASS DOWN-
-«CV. town saloon. Call 29 Sixth st. .
SALOON— MUST BE SOLD; A BARGAIN.
_ Apply 735 Mission st. -
BAKERY AND NOTION STORE FOR SALE.
_ 909 Bryant st. ,
GOOD DOWNTOWN BUSINESS;. $160. 722
Howard st.
HOME BAKERY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
SMALL BAKERY FOR SALE. APPLY CALL
Oflice.
-LODGING-HOUSES FOX SALE.
ffl|9XA 15-ROOM HOUSE, ONLY $350
'JpOOXJ. 55-room corner house, only 1800
60-room hotel and bar to exchange 2000
66 rooms, clearing $250.. 3500
50 room boarding h0u5e...... ". 6000
9 rooms, only— only 225
12 rooms, only $150 cash and payments 600
20 rooms, corner, only 1600
14 rooms, $100 cash, balance payments 300
MONEY TO LOAN OS ANY HOUSE.
Apply H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
99 ROOMS ON MARKET ST. - $600
— — 45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 SlBOO
60 bouses, 6 to 140 rooms, from $50 to $50U0
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market st. - .....
AO BOOMS.. $1300 11 ROOMS $175
ItO Fine transient ISO 43 rooms, paymts. 60<>
I 130 rooms. 7000 16, bay-window... 260
34 rooms 6' 0 180 rooms 80 jO
22 rooms 376 63 rooms.. 15C0
UNDERWOOD. 766 Market st,
HOUSE OF 28 LIGHT SUNNY ROOMS;
- large yard: must be sold: $550; rent cheap;
water free. 163% Fifth at.
OOD -PAYING ROOMING-HOUSES FOR
sale. Call at The Portsmouth, 41 Eddy St.,
A. 11. ELKINB. '
9A ROOMS, WELL FURNISHED; SOUTH OF
— V Market at. : one-quarter its value. Address
M., box 80. Call Office.
LODGING- HOUSK"* TO LET.
009 VAN NESS AYE., COB, GROVE ST.— 44
£jO£i rooms: all windows: first-class loca-
tion; rent cheap.
00 ROOM HOUSE— HOWARD; CHEAP
♦ >«> rent : owner at bolldlng 2to3p. M. .- •
*XKNITUKJS Ij'OK SALE. ~~
TnTrfcTsALtT^^^ ~~~~~w~
x Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 50
Bed lounges -. 8 00
Stoves »..:..... .". 7 50
Carpets, per yard 56
Linoleum, per yard ". ; 55
Matting, per yard.... 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we .are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
OO NAN. - ; .>'■-■■■:■■■:
IpOti SALE CHEAP— FOLDING-BED. 3739
Twentieth st.
A T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOB
-r\ lowest prices on household goods, new or gooJ'
as new: cash or time, open evenings. ■ ' . .
' AIU\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, 311;
1 "t"VJ stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: folding-bed 1.
$10: bed- ounce*. $7. T. f>. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
I FIR.MTIKE WANTED. "'
i IW ANT FU AND " OFFICE FIX-
! 1 tures of any kind: will pay good prices. Call or
; send card 7 City Hall aye.
J~ C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 CALI-
• fornia st., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise."- j ■ -■' -', *
INDIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
J. SIMMONS' Auc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash
IF YOU WANT GOOD PiUCKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see KURD, 211 Larktn.
BASCIi. Ml SUITER, WANTS FURNI-
. ture, saloons and merchandise: highest prlca.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. • ll«!i Market: tel. Jessie 761.
CAKPKX CLEANING.
JONEB CU cXrTkt^^l^anino^^and*
0 renovatine works. Main ofllr-o 85 and 27 Bth.
pAKPET CLEANING, Be. : LAYING, 3d : RUO
v^ samples, free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
GRKAT WESTr.RN CARPKT-BK
VT works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
-1 Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth: phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
■ '» poor work send to SPAULDING'd Pioneer Car-
j pet Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.: teL So. 40.
CON LIN CARPET F.KATINU WORKS. Hi
\J Golden Gate aye. t telephone east 126.
CITY' STEAM CARPETCLEANINO.RENOVA-
\J ting, 88 Bth. bI'KVENS, mw. TeL Sooth 250.
pARPKJa CLKANF.D AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON «fc CO. 23 Tenth: UL
fconth 86. D. MACKINTOSH &CO.. successors.
JK. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2411
. 14th su ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
McQUEKN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN"-
. ovatinsr works. 453 Stevenson: UL south IWL
UOKSES. "
IpoX^ATTE^A^'^iXRET^^EXR^oTD^
sired by Eros 5326: named Skaglt: first dam
by Imp. Kelpie, thoroughbred; second by Nut-
wood, third by St. Clalr: very promising: will be
sold cheap. Inquire at 347 Fremont St., In rear,
ARGAIN — FOR SALE: FINE FAMILY
team; dark bay horse, 16^ hands high, 6 years
old; very stylisn carryall and harness; almost
new. E. BROWN at Otis & Co.'s. 318 Montgomery.
NE HORSE AND WAGON CHEAP. IN-
quire 1619 Powell st.
1 AY MARE, SOUND AND GENTLE: RIDES
X> and drives: $40. 4 1559 Market st.
BIG HORSE AND EXPRESS WAGON FOR
sale cheap. 1 1 28 Foisom st. ..,"•.
' I^INK HORSE, NKW HARNESS AND LIGHT
JO wagon: must be sold. - 211 Larkln st.
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
JLJ of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Ea-tern
trash; send for catalogue. ; 110 McAllister st— S. F.
1 C A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAB-.
JLOXJ ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surrey*,*
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission 3; '
jr AA SKT NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
; 6 rocka way; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
■ A(\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
rk\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horsa
Market. 327 Six:h st. ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN * DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ORSES PASTURED; St-NU iutt CIROU-
. l«r. The Hrii« Ranch. 630 ' •on^rtrcial st.
■■: ' UAUU>.i A>JJ CAKKXAUES.
OR SALE, if EASTERN PRICES. FINE
carriages of every description; cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth St., &F.
SLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING LOVES?
sample*. H. M. HEINE MAN, 109 Kansorae sU
VJKW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
i.i 1 dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. -
~*ATTOIiN.EVB-AT-LAW\
DVK^E^PEK^DIVO^C^XAwirX^PEcT^
iv •Jty; private;' do charge unless saccessful; all
lawsuits, claims, collection^,, wills, deeds, etc, at-
tended to. U. W. HOWE, atfy-al-la-.v. 850 Market.
7 . E. PHILLIPS— U. 8. AND STATE COURTS:
J. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates: charges moderate. : offices 608 Calitorula.
W~~T. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-I_W,oBl PARROTT
' ' ..bldg. Practices mall courts ;charges moderate
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED; NO PUB-
Xj iicity ; advice free, confidential. P. O. box 2182.
RW. KING, ATTORN VAT- LA CHRON-
• kit- oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
\\T. W. DA VIDSON.ATTORNEY-A l'-LAW,42O
»' .California st.. rooms 14 anil 15: udvico free.
* X.EUAL NOTICES.
PUKSUA N T~T<rX~DEC RiEiT^Fli^oTtEcTo^
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit -of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice is hereby given that the property
bereutider described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alllolanl Hale) In Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, 11. 1., On Wednesday, August 26,
188«, at 12 o'clock noon. .. -. P. C.JON '
■ * - ' Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the • Lanai Ranch, lo-
cated on the Island of Lanal,* comprising 11,500
acres more or less in tee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable ot which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800. - •-:■■■
This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all Id good re-
! pair, with . 1 Hums, wooishcd ' and . dtpss, ■ and a
i no:k 01 24,000 Kheep, 660 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. • - . . ■- ; ? .
. - The lan 13 are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 bead of cattle. As a sheep run it is
the most valuable on tl-.e islands. £ The lands now
owned and controlled by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of Lanai. .".'" ." ' ' - ■
I - There are rich grasses suitable > for breeding and
fattening of :■ stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs .on : the
Island. £38MBHSV40Mnr*Q>SSSSH)Nfe ! *a_*T | nBME
> Steam communication between Lanal and Hon-
olulu every week. - :■ -. - ■••
v . A 1 map showing all the lands controlled by the
estate and a aetailetr schedule of the property to
be sold can . be seen and further particulars can be
had at the oflice of Messrs. Welch <fc Co., 220 Cali-
fornia st., San Vrancisco. .'.-•: -"»->=;-.;«,'...= .•
; : Terms of sale will oe cash In United States gold
coin. "• .-^g*BW"'*WM eg^^ Bg * J ftMfcW>ft3Bßß!!
aonolula;M»y lli. 1898.- >.';i^_- Reaver. •
.. . P. & JOEES. Receiver.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 10, 1896.
 , . . . . -. . , .-i 1
HOUSES TO^LETV^^^^ '
SPLENDID 13-ROOla HOG t»E,BttS TWENTY-
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board- j
ing or private residence; very low rent -bee it..
1 I7(\Q JONES. NEAR BBOADWaT—
J. 1 \JV rooms; sun back and frout: rent $14. -
O7 =.£• TWKNTY-THIRD, BKT. AND
— ' I O\J Hampshire— House 6 rooms; all . modern
improvements; $16. •- ! .» ■'
Q9?: 2-STORY BAY-WINDOW HOUSE 6
—O. rooms and bath. . 121 Page sU '
OUSE-A NICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN «fc HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st. '
. ; FUUNISHEO HOUSES..
( COMPLETE FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS;
\J bath; cheap. 8933 Twenty near Church.
COTTAGES TO LET.
)h6ttag^^6f"6^ooms'and~bath; bu-
\J chanan St., near Jactcson. Apply MADISON
BtRKE. ..'.'■ ■..■■•■•-■
/COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS IN REAR; *8. 2939
\J Mission st. . ..-.: ■■ .... . -„■ ■_ ..
CjsJ X(\ COTTAGE 3 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
tiDO,O\J. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sta.; near Mission. ' •" ""■ ■
«fi:Q ?\(\ COTTAGE: FLAT, $10: BOTH
«PO. O\J. reduced. Owner, 1128 Vallejo s;.
HEAP RKNT: FURNISHED b ROOM COT-
\J tage; furniture sold if desired. 2439 Larkln st.
RENT CHEAP; SUNN"i COTTAGES; 4 AND
6 rms; bath, basement, yard. .15th<fc Dolores.
A WEEK'S . NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
'-A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
FLATS TO LET.,.
ST?T4~ROOM^ J " ASHTON &.
<p-i 4 . GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st.
CAr JON FIRST FLOOR; FLAT OF 5
QUO gunny rooms: rentlojlv.| : - - '
PLATS; 4 AND 6 ROOMS: BATH: $11 AND
J $13. 4583 Eighteenth st., on electric line.
QH7 I > ATOM A ST.— FLAT OF 3 ROOMS
QyJ i 3 and hall. - ■ - ■ ■ '.' - v
' A.> NINTH ST.— BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF
*-»V-j 5 rooms and bath: cheap. r
T EAR CITY HALL: 2 SUNNY FLATS, 4
JL> and 5 rooms, $15 and $22. 149 Grove st.
tJTj 1/• WATER FREE: LOVELY UPPER
0 a U. modern sunny 6-room flat; 100 feet from
Castro cars. 4073 Twenty-tliird St.: key 4076.
BEST FLAT FOR THE MONEY. 2329 FlLL-
more st., near Washington. ' '
<r>l Q , ELEGANT MODERN SUNNY FLATS;
<?10. 6 rooms, bath. 135 San Jose aye., Dr. 24th.
s^l (» FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1027
»D-Lv). Post St., near Polk. ,
1 >i(\7 .STEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
1 OyJ 1 flat. 5 modern, large, sunny rooms: hath.
CM {'ALL NEW AND MODERN; 4. ROOMS;
<;>i-U.nice neighborhood: cars. Sac. ABroderlck.
7 OWER FLAT 3 ROOMS; BENT CHEAP.
■Li 1238 Bush st.
©07 (\(\ SUNNY. TOP FLAT 7 ROOMS,
'~jO 4 . OVJ. bath; large closets and cellar; water
' free, 314 Lcavenworth St., near Ellis.
T/»LAT; 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
-T completed; reasonable. Southeast cor. Pag
and Lyon sts.
C«9n f\ COMPLETELY AND HANDSOMELY
furnished 7- room flat; rent s3o. 125 Grove
/COMFORTABLE ■ FLAT; 4 ROOMS and
\J bath, gas. 627 Ivy; key at 624 Hayes.
ESI ABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
! ' with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush st., bet. Franklin and Cough; rent, in-
cluding water, $42 60.
IUAT-A NICK FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1" rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery St. '-"-■'
VKW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
1> water free. , 529 Ivy sve. . .
L'LKGANT NEW FLATS. S.KVENTII .ST.. BE-
Jj low Brvant. 6 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $10. .
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ' v ■ '
JUOUSEKEEI'INIi KOOlb.
Bryant Street.
Cl 1 BRYANT NEAR THIRD — NICE,
Ox 1 sunny suite; $9 per mouth.
Buchanan Street.' '
pc\i) BUCHANAN— CORNER BAY-
\J\JZi window; housekeeping complete; ■ first
floor: $6.
i.UUv Street. • .
Ql 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
i'l I nicely furnished: splendid location; private
family. - - -•- .- ■ • ■ -
Fifth .street.
Of A FIFTH— '2 SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
Oil keeping rooms, bath, private, $9 and $10.
Ot)" FIFIJI— CLEAN FURNISH Hl'
o^.o keeping rooms; 2, $10; 8. $13; single, $5.
I olßom Street.
COA FOLSOM, BET. FIRST AND BECOND-4
O—\J nice sunny unfurnished rooms: large yard.
II ayes Street. -
1 Al Q HAVES-SUITE ROOMS WITH USE
1 4 LV of kitchen.
uuWiird Mice .
ZflA HOWARD-SUITE OF NEATLY FUR-
O\Jrt nished housekeeping rooms, $10; also other
cheap. .
C CO HOWARD-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
000 housekeeping: rent $7.
rrt- 1 1 HOWARD— BAY - WINDOW SUITE,
4 VI 3 kitchen: other*: man and wife preferred.
Lurkm street.
J9Q LARKIN - NICELY FVR N I HE D
*3 — O sunny housekeeping rooms; also single.
Mason street.
8 MASON - NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
and single; from $2 50 up.
JicAllincr Street.
€>AC\ MCALLISTER — 2 HOUSEKEEPING
Ottv/ rms furnished; call afternoon or evening.
NFURNISHED ROOM COR. . POLK AND
J McAllister sti..
. ■■-- . iiiii:> street. :
9£*Q MINNA — 2FURNIBHED ROOMS FOR
— \J'J housekeeping. : -
r.Aft MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
OrlK) housekeeping; large yard. .
ji mMon M i«o..
1 999 MISSION— 2 OR 3 ROOMS FUR-
-1 .-—.—. nished complete for housekeeping- bath- '
gaa. . : ■ .
1 79Q1 MISSION-FRONT ROOM. FOLDING
X l^-t/2 bed, for housekeeping; Kitchen, bath-
cheap. ;■;..- ■ .
>at<iina Street.
RAX NATOMA-BUNNY PARLOR AND BED-
O\JO room; private family; use of kitchen.
Ninth Street:
9A NINTH, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
— \J housekeeping suites; ■ single; stove; gas-
bath; water. • . . . ■ " '
91 NINTH— 2 BAY-WINDOW ROOMS; LIGHT
<uL housekeeping;. also single.
; :.'. '-.- Perry Street. 1
©Q 4 FINE UNFURNISHED ROOMS; NEW
<5?C7. house: separate entrance rear. 263 Perry.
iseventn : Street.
m SEVENTH— SUITE OP HOUSEKEEP-
■LO I. ing rooms. $12; transient, $1 per week up.
blx.il! Street:
VI9Q SIXTH ST.— LARGE. SUNNY, NICELY
14.0 furnished front rooms for housekeeping.
■1 iur«l STToei . •
qi C THIRD— CLEANEST AND CHEAPEST
OXU housekeeping rooms in city; call and see ■
them. - ■
Washington Street.
rAO WASHINGTON - SUNNY N F U R-
OKJ^j nished housekeeping rooms, running water. 1
\J WhLKU CALL, sent to any address in tho
„ .^t 111 '* CA , LL .\?ent to any address In tho
United States or : Canada one year forsl 50, post-
•st '-. free. - '..'".-- ■ . - ■• _
ROOMS TO LET. • ~~"
iiu»h Street.
799 BUBH-LARGK SUNNY ROOMS; GAS
JZiZi bath; also housekeeping rooms. v '
■» 'k'«lh street.
O HERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, VK BTH
O St.. near Market; lurnlHhed and unfurnished. -
• Fair : Oak« ; Street. •
09' FAIR .OAKS- NICELY FURNISHED
OAO sunny room In private house, with or with-
out board ; suitable for two. -. ,•:■•■-,
.. 1 mil Street. •
9*^o % IF J, n 8T ' - N^CELY i FURNISHED
ZiO\J double and single. ., - • . •
1 iiiioi. Street.- • .
T>ULTON HOUSE, Ol'P. CITY HALL-FUR-
■T nished rooms, s'agie or en suite; $8 and $1 up.
j-»li(y Street.
Al EDDY, COB. MASON (THE PORTS-
-rXrmouth)J-Xlce. rooms for gentlemen. $8 to
$20 per month; parlor; piano; central; telephone
A. M. ELK I
.1,1 Q EDDY— BRIGHT SUNNY ROOMS $6
lit) up; also front suite cheap.
A EDDY— (THE . M ARLBOROUGH) > NEW-
-I\J~l ly ; furnished - rooms: lies ■or sinßle; ■ all
modern conveniences: suitable for doctor or
dentist. ''^SJSM^^SMrS^^BßbßklvmtsStmi
BOOMS TO : LET- Continued.
*--*1r Stree;.
QQQELLIS— SUITE, NICE SUNNY ROOMS
OO'' to one or two persons; no children; refer-
ence required. , ----- ■-.■..■' .
RAMONA. ISO ELLIS: r MRS. KATE 8.
1 ART. manager— A quiet house: centrally . lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot&colu water.
QOI ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
OZil. lodging we recommend the Kosedale House.
QOO ELLIS (THli PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O-1-. CALHOCN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms. ■
Fifteenth Street.?
1 07 FIFTEEN TH-2 UNFURNISHED
■ XOO I sunny rooms for housekeeping. ■ :
ot-aryveei. >
OT rjl GEARY, OPPOSITE UNION SQUARE—
— 1 I 2 furnished or unfurnished rooms: key 217
oai GEAR Y-NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS
Ovx central; reasonable; elegant new corn r
fiat. '- '■•..-■' -- . . -. ■;■■■■ '■
rpnE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS-
-1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms- $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
v. onitiii date Avenue.
F97 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY FUR-
O& I pished room In private family.
OH O GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE ALCOVE
OUOroom; also breakfast-room with gas-stove
$20. ..■-■■'•.■ ' -. •.■.'-
drove Street.
1 AC GROVE— FURNISHED LARGE
L\JO front room: rent $7. •
Harrison Street.
9/^1 Q HARBISON — 4 ROOMS; RENT $9;
Z,\jLa water and ashes free.
Hawthorne Street.
Qyf HAWTHORNE, OFF HOWARD. BET.
Otfc Third and Fourth— Nice sunny rooms; $1
per week. . .
Howard Street.
QQQ HOWARD — SUNNY BAY - WINDOW
000 suits: running water and gas; quiet; from
$2 50 to $3 per week. , . •
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
4 sunny rooms; private. .
O/\7 .'ONES— lilt, VAN WINKLE; NKW
JL\J I management; elegant tunny suites and
■IDgle; newly iurnished: bath, etc.: 810 to &.VJ.
*. «...n>y >tr«« .
"A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-T\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
WE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
» » Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Lark in street.
CA 1 LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
OVI room and kitchen; $9; double, $7. ■
1 fW/f PARKIN— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
IU-'l nished room $7 per month.
Leaienworth Street.
-I I 1 Q LEAVENWORTH, NEAR CALIFOR-
-11 J O nla— 4 sunny basement rooms; $10, water
included.
imrke' --iitm.. "
VOSEMITE HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 36c to $1; week. $1 50 to $6: families.
. .>. lima Mteo..
Cnh MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
.. Ninth. Street. .
OQQ/&INTH— NICELY FURNISHED COR-
ZiOV ncr bay-window roam- also single room.
Oak Street.
UOAK — FURNISHED., DOUBLE ROOM-
suitable for 2 gentlemen.
' O'i iirrrll Street.
49- O'FARRELL — NEWLY FURNISHED
J_«J rooms for rent.
Page Street.
QAQ PAGE— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
U\ftJ nicely furnished; hath: private family.
Tost Street.
7 AC POST-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY.
• \JO rooms: single and double; reasonable. ■
rowel I Street.
99c POWELL, COR. GEARY— NKWLY FUR
— _•) nisbed large front sunny rooms. '
seventh Street.
1 Qri SEVENTH — SINGLE FURNISHED
J.OU front modi; $1 a week. ,
Mxth Street. '
191 SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
J-—IX double and alagle rooms. . - ...
c '•• <«-r '■«li'ee:.- " "
K1 A SUTTER— FO it; DOCTORS . OR DEN-
Oi-'i tists, elegantly furnished suite cheap.
'JflQ BUTTER— FI'RNISUED ROOMS OR
OXJO sulten. $1 25 to $10 a week; night, 25c to
$150; transients soliciied. ■ 7 -
7l)li SUTTER— NICELY. FURNISHED SUN-
I— U ny rooms for gentlemen; private. :.- , .
Taylor Street.
IHO TAYLOR— DOUBLE BOOMS $2 PER
±VJO week; single $1 25.
Thirteenth Street.
Al Ol THIRTEENTH, . NEAR VALENCIA—
"-t-Ca sunny front room; gas; board op tonal.
'lurk Street. -
C. 941 TURK — 2 [SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O^t^t-j rooms $8; also furnished room $4: bath.'
E./1Q TURK— SINGLE FRONT ROOM; GAS;
010 bath: $6; private. ■ •
Miscellaneous.
TN PRIVATE RESIDENCE. VAN NESS AYE.,
1 sunny single- rooms, $7 ; references. Address
VAN ness, box 75 call Offlce. ■
BOARDING AND KOOMS.
T^I^TPOST— 2 SUNNY ' ''F.URNf BHE^TfRONT
I I- rooms with board; use of parlor, piano;
terms reasonable. - :
WIDOW WOULD like TWO or THREE
-'» steady boarders. 403 Sixth st., bakery.
I>OOM AND BOARD $2u, AT 1509 DEVISA-
xt dero St., near Geary. ■ -.
COLUMBIA hotel- BUCKLEY. for-
\J merly proprietor ot the ■ Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Uackme'er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a ho-.t will be outdonn in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet all
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy at. ; meals 25c.
THK STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
— NewIy furnished rooms, suites orsingle.
011-.L BERTLI.NO. 714 i>UbU- A FAMILY
hotel: references glveu and required; all mod-
»pi mpvenlenc^. \^^
', uiiii<i;i\ 1:0 \i:iiki>.
1 797 WCALLISTER-A "rEFUNED IIOME
11^1 for child: fine care: terms moderate.
STOKES _TO LET.
"^TTrwlk FTNTT'TITNTJsTrMir^TTTR^rWIT^
1 vv. large, dry basement: 713 Butter st.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
LAKGE STORE. AND 4 I.IVING- ROOMS;
yard and shed. 637 Howard st.
BUTCHBRSHOP FOR BENT; A SPLENDID
JL> locality: fixtures all complete: low rent. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSKN <fc CO., 14 Montgomery st. .
TORK COR. LAFAYETTE, 1524 HOWARD;
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
cheap rent. : :,
OFFICES TO LET.
1 1 Q EDDY— FINE SUITE; GROUND FLOOR;
■l-i-O offices for doctor or dentist.
PR ECKELS BUILDING. 927 .- MARKET—
O Elegant snnnv offices. $I*2 50 up: electrlc-llght;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. -UMBSKN <ft CO.. 14 Montgomery gt.
" EIJUCATiONAL. '
MRsT MELVI : LLE i" SnV DErTTiV POST ST.T
vocal music: piano: elocution; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a spe-
clalty ; vocal classes Monday, Bp. it. ; $1 a month.'
A TTKND 81 fEHL'S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
**- St." The very b- st Individual Instruction-
-20 trial lessons In Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. •■
Y RES'. THE LEADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 326 Montgomery st. ; individual . Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing,- bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ELAfcCO'S LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
•> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O.F. block. 7th and Mkt
CCHOOL ELECT I C A L, CIVIL, MINING, ME.:
O chanlcal engineering, surveying, archltectnre-
pssay: estab. '64. VAN NAILLEN,723 Mkt,
ELOCUTION. DRAMA. DELSARIE. PHYBI-
cal culture, ■. voice culture: ■ appearances ar-
ranged. ; 299 Hyde st. : call after 1 p. x. 1 . . ■ ;j
AI.MA K. HYI3B, PIANO, MANDOuIN.-BAN-
Ajo studio. : 405 Geary, R. 17: hours B to 10 p. m.
A"~P. SWAIN. ARTIST: CHINA.TAPESTRY;
. oil lessons 60c. 344 McAllister st. r= ' ..
OOKKPNG, WRUNG. GRAMR
day it nocla«ses: $5 month. -846 Mission;
LITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
lJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS, 89 Fifth.
IJOWE.VS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY A VE.,-
-i-> Berkeley: special classes .tor the, universities. ■!
ICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
In singing: 84 a month. 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OK
X violin, guitar,' mandolin, . banjo. 1707 Market.
JOSEPH- . UKKVK.V' VOICE-IMPROVKR..'B2
O Ninth st- _ ". . ' -?,."■ ■:' :-:' : 'X : - ■-.-•
.A ■ WEEK'S NEWS - FOR : . 5 ; CENTS — THJI
2\. WEEKLY CALL, Is wraoDer. for maninc , •
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A. I~ HOBIOEB.; ' ' .'.LOUIS A SOCC.
■i • A. »ouc &.CO.; -
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED. ;
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH. i
AS we make a. specialty of Mission property and
are right on the spot we can save you time and
money by calling on us a: once.
©K7KA 25x90: VALENCIA, NR. 20TII;
<P«-JI«Jv. bay-window house; 8 rooms and buli:
could at small cost be converted into business j
property: being ope of the best blocks on Valencia. !
3i V-^O ■ 25x90; MISSION ST., KB. 20TH ;
t&OOOXJ. house, 8 rooms and baths good order;
this is a good buy and a snap. '
G*^X/|/| 30x114: UKE2IS A CHANCE TO
ijJUUUV/, secure an elegant home in the warm
belt of the Mission; bay-window house; 8 rooms;
bath; laundry. ,
©ftOnn " 25 *90: 17TH ST., NR. VALENCIA;
*}p\J\J\J\J. modern bay-window flats: 6 and »»
rooms; bath; laundry; street work all done; Al
order. ' ■-■ . . . ..- . : - =
<2£*)7?\f\ DUNCAN ST., NR. GUER-
<ip*j I O\J. rero: 2 new cottages; 5 rooms: lath;
laundry: 7-foot basement; till the latest Improve-
ments; terms mane to salt purchaser.
C*9^on ATOM A ST.. NR. UTH: CHEAP:
tJ\J\J. '2. flats of 4 rooms oßcn: rent $24'
C^r;nn 25xi50: SANCHEZ vr., nr. 13TH;
ipoo\j\j. bay-window flats, 5 and 6 rooms:
bath; laundry; modern: nearly new. . 1
(j!'-|^)n GUERRERO ST.; WARM BELT;
*P'JO\J\J. 2-story house. Brooms;8 'rooms; bath: large
basement: brick foundation; house in perfect or-
iJer.
C*QPinn 2 " x1 22; CAPP ST., NEAR 19TH;
ypoovJVJ. 2-story f house, 8 rooms and bath
street bituminized; ail in Al order ■
<&9ftPUy 35x80; LEXINGTON A.VK.. NEAR
®4VO\J. 19:h: 2 flats. 4 and 5 rooms; Lath;
rent $28: street work all done and accepted.
Our list comprises some of the best property In
the Mission. Lots of all sizes in any of the horn •-
steaas: also good business corners In any part of
the Mission. Call and get a list and prices.
If you want . your vacant houses rented place
them with us. • ■ ■
L. A. SOU C A CO, 465 and 467 Valencia St.,
near Sixteenth. • ■
AN OFFER WANTED; LOT 50 OR 25 BY
xx 120, west side of Ninth aye., near California
st. MARK LANE, Notary Public, 602 Market st.
mca*ee brothers, " 7 "~^ ~'■ ~~
. real ESTATE BROKERS
AND financial AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY st.
WILL sell at AUCTION PRICE.
©99^0 WALLER. NEAR MASONIC AYE..
— — O\J. 26xl4S>, extra deep: good neighbor-
hood: Improving all the time. An offer suiting
the times will get the lot. ,
THREE FINE FLATS FRONTING A PARK.
(2*l 9 (\(\(\ THREE FLATS, FRONTING
KPX4J.\J\J\J. Jefferson square, north side of
street: lot 27:9x120, to rear street: all conven-
iences; sunny, desirable home; rents $1068. Such
a property, so well located, is rarely to be had.
GOOD INCOME PROPERTY.
©1 ft'nnn HOWARD-STREET business |
tiP XVJ.yJXjyj. property, near Fourth: 4 stories: >
store and three flats: rents $1560: this part of \
the city holds Its own equal to any, and this prop- i
erty is in the heart of : it: lot 25x80; building and
street work all in good condition. ...v
OFFER WANTED TO CLOSE ESTATE .
3;dOOn DE LONG AYE., NEAR GOLDEN
♦IP iVvU. Gate Park; dwelling of 8 rooms, bath !
large basement, brick foundation, etc.
A FINE NORTHEAST CORNER.
QfinnO' LOT 137:6; EDDY ST., NEAR
t£)U\JUV/.- Devisadero: street in order and lot
ready for building; good view; would subdivide;
cdeap and desirable. •
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION 50-VARA.
<fcl 7 iW\C\ 137:8x137:6, WITH SUBSTAN-
<3).I- I . urn/. tial but plain residence: in heart
or Western Addition, near Fillmort> st. : suitable
and ready for elegant residence or subdivision.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
SOL GETZ <fc BROTHER,
IV REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our installments are easer than rent.
<3>l Oft TO $250-LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
A '-'V at once: near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines; only «5 monthly payments.
bOL GETZ & BROTH KB.
(3 CTO $1200-BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAR
ta) I O electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of park; ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Afiiliaua Collt-/;ej;
S3 and $10 monthly payments.
- ■-■■■ ' ■ . SOL GEIZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
- SOL QiCTZ & RROTHER, Owners,
Boom A, First Fioor, Crocker Buldlng.
• ;„ .
1
TTO! FOR FIICHBURG! '
. TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON THE FITCH-
BURG, SAN-LEANDRO AND
, ... HAY WARDS LOCAL.
-V- -. See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALE IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
> PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET. TO
FITCH BURG STATION IN .
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruit vale trains singed
by the Fitchburg scorcher. Hay wards Electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, De-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous In Fitch-
burg. . / .
Kitchbunr Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements in vie vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for I
freight by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roads 1
leading to It, are incontestable proofs. It is regu- I
larly laid out Into blocks and lots bounded by wide '
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves. -
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a borne while cheap: for speculation on a ris-
ing market; for a turn be firs' for investment now,
and hold on. No ctt ■ taxes to pay: no street im-
provements to make. Water supply from three
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at chea-)cr rates and on easier payments than
can be bought for in many of the one-street tracts
off in an inaccessibly bayfleld.
Lots 25 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments in easy installments;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAU. >. FITCH, Fltchburg.
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $1 50 to $275 a room : call and see
plans. JAM K-J McCONAHKY. 1149 Mission st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY J " AMOUNT ON - BONDS, DIAMONDS,
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments: Interest low; private entrance:
private rooms: discreet attendants,' at UNCLE
HARRIS 1 , 15 Grant aye. ,'.-;
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE. 948 Market St.; open evenings. ■- .
CO CM} l\f\fl TOLOAN> CITY, at 6#: also
Ol Uu.UuU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in probate, small or large sums.
SHAINWALI), BLCKBEK & CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. '• ■ *
ONtV LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
est per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ON BY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Offica,'
IloBMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turc.
.1 \IREOT ON YOUR FUKNITURK OR PIANO;
XJ 00 removal: no delays;- no commissions: low
interest. Km. 63. Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. 'iii or 3D MORTUAOKS;
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate la uro-
fcate. "McCOLU AN. 24 Montgomery,- room 3.
bT dc '£i> MOiriUAGKS; INTKKK.STS IN E.-J-
-t*tex;lowest rates:no delay .MUUPHY,62liMrlct.
; * DVANCKSONDIAMONDS.JKWELKY. *;ru
J\ Columbia Loan A. « 'numeral OIMr»» 9 :.rii,- :i--r
rAWNUKOKKIiS.
AT 126 : KEARNY ST.. ROOM " MONEY
loaned, .watches.- diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
_________________ ™_
MONEY WANTED.
"ATTw7A7rAT^rRER~c3£NT^
J- V.vUv ness income - proper.y near 'the
Baldwin Hotel. H. C. PK'KF.H. 10 O Market sU
-LOST. -
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco, In
the name of ANDREA DERGANs, No. 207,081.
The finder will please return to bank. ,
TOST— BLACK • POCK ETBOOK - WITH .- PA-
XJ pers of MoNAB •£ SMITH, f Return 205 Davis
si., receive reward. . Me.NAB A SMITH. \ /-r
LOST— 2 WHITE MALE BULL TERRIERS, 6
months old : reward. 9uO ix>mbard st. „; •
(Jb^ REWARD- LOST, LADY'S PURSE, 3 $5
Cl>O pieces, silver, -: coppers, 2-ceni : stamp..  J.
FIE LD, Co-operative Cigar-store, Seventh su, bet.
Washington and Broadway, Oakland.
Qi 1 f\(\ REWARD— LOST, EMERALD AND !
«JPI UK/ diamond -bracelet- in neighborhood of;
Stockton and Kills sts. J Above reward if returned
to laiv Howard *t.; no questions asked. .. ';■:,
Lost— a passbook with thTThibkrnTa
J Savings and Loan Society of , San Francisco in
the name of KATE DONELAN; No. 89 148. The
finder will please return to bank. . . .
/I:- V ' XVPKWBITKKS. * " : " :' ;:
TJEMINGTON, $35: ssMITH. $60; KKND FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT <t BANNAN,333Mntgmy
COCNTKT BKAIi estate.
Ny ONE wanting a ranch for
Bri-ziriK purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved. . where only a small cash outlay is re-
quired, balance In 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Mont-
gomery st. - •  f
7 On CHOICE STOCK. ■ URAIN AND
« v I O\J\J. rfuit ranch: 216 acres: 40 miles from
j San Francisco; 50 acres nearly- leveV balance roll- I
ins;; all fenced; plenty of wood and water; small . j
buildings: rich soil;. 7% miles from railroad sta- :
tion: «'Psy terms, or will taice residence to the value
: of $5000: balance on mortgage. BHAINWALD,
■ RUCKBEE & CO.. 218-220 Montgomery st., Mills :
j building. . .
j I? OR HALE— HOMK OF 5 ROOMS; i LOTS, -
! X 20l»xl2!.) ihalf acre): fine place for poultry or
flowers; $180 1. hilf .cash. W. LAMBERT, Mill-
brae, san Mateo Co. .- -■• . . ,
RANCH To LEASE CHEAP. APPLY U. E.
POEHLMA.n, 415 Montgomery st.; room 7.
SEND TO LAND DEPARTMENT OFBOVEE,
TOY SONNTAG, 19 Montgomery st., for
maps and full information of McMaha'a Estate
Colony Tract, near Winters; uq^qualed in Cali-
fornia. : j_^ ■ • ■
SA N "MATEO— LOT IOOTIBO. ADDRESS H. P.,
607 Capp st. •;■ .
Z. ACRES OR MORE IN ROSS VALLEY: IM-
*J proved: beautiful home: house of 10 rooms
with all the modern Improvements; near stttion;
abundance of running water the year round: fine
shade and fruit trees: well adapted for hotel or
resort. Apply 10 JAMES TUNSTKAD, San
Rafael Col. ■ .
QO9XM FOB. SALE, ON INSTALLMENTS, <
xipOAOi'. new modern house in San Rafael: 8 '
rooms and bath: large lot: best location; street '
accepted; stone sidewalk; also choice lots for sale i
or exchange for city property. H. W ILK INS or
J. TUNSTKAD, San Rafael. Cal. ■ -.., .
Marin COUNTY— 3OOO acres 26 miles
J-'A from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 10 $75 per
acre: terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
lany. 65 Chronicle bnlldlng.
A LAME DA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIO
XV est in the State; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre: owner forced to sell ; \y^ hours inn S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building. -
ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
proved, easy terms; also A to 12 .acre pieces,
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWINO, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s:., S. F.
END FOR OUR LIST Of ORCHARD no.
0 tor sale. WOO3TK.It & WHITTON. San Jo»«. ■
P, i £ , A £ EST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
V.' %V>:EKLY CALL, sent to any address In the j
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
*se free ' •.."■■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
. OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
Cl Q^O LOVELY COTTAGE HOME;
*uj-*-<JO\J. large lot; good location; cars pass
door: reduced from $2750; must sell: $1000 can
remain. F. C. WATSON. 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
OJ»7^ lots AND UPWARD— a llenda
tip I O Tract, East Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot, of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home; streets graded
and macadamised and the lots arc in shape to build
on; a tine school with a elect ie roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 down, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 468
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JONES, owner. -
OAKLAND HOUSES. TO LET.
TO LET— DESIRABLE FURNISHED HOME;
all modern improvements; Linda Vis;a Ter-
race, Oakland. Apply 662 Eighth St., OaKland;
45 Stevenson Bt., Sun Francisco.
OAKLAND FUKNITUKE. FOR SALE.I
V"KW BRUSSELS CAK PET, 49c YARD AT
1> H. srilKl.r.HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.
AL&ME DA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE. ' p-V
■\rOUR TERMS ARE OURS.
QOKh/V PRETTY COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
tSZ.O\J\J. end bath: close to Chestnut-sL sta-
tion, N. G. ; lot 40x140.
QQHfifl HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE; 6
§Onnn HAJroaOJUI NEW COTTAGE: 6
Oyj\J\J . rcoms and bath; near Mastic sia-
tion, N. G. v.
Q9900 * 25 CASH : 320 MONTHLY; 37:6
'.. — — V/W. frontage; handsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
<D'97Xn $25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY; 37:6
«JT^- I O\J. aclOO; N.W. corner; cottage, 5 rooms.
. . SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
MAECUsE &Rl .MEL. Contractors and Home >
Builders, Bay-st. statiou/Alameda, CaL 'Tel. 2.
Office open Sundays ana holidays- - |
! Cj^nnn BEAUTIFUL Ne w MODERN
j «jrvJV/l/V/. two-story house, finely ' finished and
I beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one dock west of Park si.; 11 will surely please
I you: Investigate: terms to suit. G. li. 31. GRAY,
4bS Ninth St.. Oakland.
pHKAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— j
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the I
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- i
age free. ■ ■■■ -..■■■■.-■■,.■
11EUKELEV hLAI, ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES ■ FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms, O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley.-
OSEPIi J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
insurance ngent. Berkeley statn. adjoining hank. I
pkofjsktx IO exchange.
As4oolTH^U^E^^D"£bTl^~OA^irAN»'TO
exchange for Los Angeles property, improved
or unimproved. . • .-. ■ . . •.
A Broadway business block; cash value sl6o.-
-000; will consider as part payment property In
."an Francisco, Improved or unimproved, to the
amount of $80,000.
. 60-acre fruit ranch; '2y a miles from Oakland;
an ideal home; for. sale at a bargain, or will ex-
cltange.
High-class residence property In Oakland, Cal..
to exchange for Kansas City property; value
$15,000. '
•1 5- acre fruit ranch, 3 miles from Oakland, highly
Improved, to exchange for ranch laud in San Luis
Obispo County. ■
A good lot to exchange for horse, buggy and har-
ness, or good driving team. J. S. MYERS.,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
PyQO LOTS— FROM *5'J TO 820.000. —
O\J\J 20 louses and lots, from *1250 t0. .510,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 t0.......... 30.000
20 houses. Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to 8.000 j
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from 4200 to . 3,000 '
WHAT HAVh YOU '1O OFFER? .
I SELL AND EXCHANGE- : — —
All kinds of property ; : :
11. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st n opposite Fifth.
II STORLS, 7 - ROOM FLAT, NEW AND
-j (clear) In city; exchange for mortgaged prop-
erty. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
QXjinn 1000 ACRES GOOD LAND; WILL
<is)O*i\J\J. exchange for good livery stable or
other paying business. QKO. SWAN, 720 Natoma.
I^OR EXCHANGE FOR CITY INCOME PROP-
erty. 60 acres near San Jose, Cal.; 2 3 orchard
in bearing, Vi? hare land: cash value $21,000. Ad-
dress 14 L. 8., box 11, Call Office.
II OOn ACRES TIMBER LAND, KEKN CO.;
*J ~(-)\J water: flneforcattle-relalna. N..bx.l6.Cail
"• ■. ■ ■ PROPOSALS. J ~~
•PROPOSALS FOR WHITENING AND TINT^
King schoolhouses— Sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
in open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
23, 1896, at, 8:30 o'clock p. v.. tor whl:ening and
tinting the classrooms and . halls of the folowing-
named school buildings In the city and county of
] San Francisco: Broadway, Bnona Vista, Cleve-
I land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia,. Crocker, Den-
man, Ctllson, Emerson, Everett, Fairmount,
Franklin, Fremont, Oarfleld, Girls' High, Golden
Gate, HniKtr, Hamilton, -Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant. Horace Mann, llnu lio.dt. Irving,
John . Swett, Jefferson, - Lafayette, Le Come, ' La-
jruna Honda, Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell High,
Madison.' Marshall,' Mission, - Monroe, ' Moulder,
I Ocean House, Pacific Avenue, Pacific Heights,
j Peabody,' Polytechnic. Bedding, Richmond, Rin- !
I con, - Sherman, South Cosmopolitan, Sheridan,
I South San ""Francisco, Spring Valley,' Stafford.
I Starr King, Sutro, Washington, -Webster. West
I End, Whitiler.and Infield .scott schools; all
I work to be done in accordance ni:h specifications
; on file at the storeroom of the School Department,
i corner Pine an'! Larkln sts.- Each bidder will be '
required to submit a separate estimate on each of '
. the I above-named . buildings. I The board ■ reserves
I the right to reject « any ,or all bids as the public
I good may require. ■ ■ • ■
- GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS : FOR A STONE , BULKHEAD—
sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common Schools in ooen session of!
I the Board of Education, new City Hall, San Fran- '
, Cisco, on Wednesday,- Ju; . 22,. 1896, at 8-30
1 o'clock p. ic.. for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the ; Lafayette Primary School, in the City and
.County of San Francisco, in accordance with the
specifications (and the conditions mentioned
therein) at the office of Charles I. Havens, archi-
I tect of the board, room 55, Flood building/corner
I Fourth and Market stree.g.;,The board reserves
the right, to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. ' ■ . •
.»..,.. . <; . QR<iF BEAXSTOX. Secretary.
'■ -' " ' : ■ PHYSIC l A N ?'^ ; '•" : ' : ' ' '■■ ■■ '
pEMOVBU-CR. C. C. O'DONNKLL TO itiOi
X\i Market st. ; diseases or woman a specialty.. • .
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT I DR. JORDAN AT
XJ . his museum, 1051 • Market - st. : his 30 year*' i
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment: 1
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail >
.. - . STOKAOK. . . ; \-.'; ; ; ; ; y ; ; ,'.
STORAGE— CHKxF^T^l^rraE^CTTYTfliia-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln. f
T,U'KS!IUKK PIANOS, •■ TRUNK!*: T AD-'
vances, shipping. CHAA L. TA YL0R.204
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS; '
• low rates; Ore-proof building; 'Eastern-' plan. ■'
—^~£si >Fi2SSIO>AIj CARD *-
ViriLLs, DEEDS. r ' ) Eic.~ L. SONTagTaTTJY
ai:d Notary, 116 Market; res.. 2126 Howard.
JOHN E. i>ICHARDS,ILaW OFFICES. ROOMS
28 and 27, Crocker building: telephone Main
75.' San Francisco. Cal.
R. AiTKKN MAURICE L. ASHER,
attvs'at law. rm»51a.516. f. li floor. Parrott bldg.
Tili^ i>X /UitC k UiivlHiJ.
Complaints filed:
Emlly'Engel aealnst Frsderlck En^el.
AVm. C. Schneider against Mary M. Schneider.
— . MAKRlAtiES — ittiAitl
'Birth. marnacß anl death notices sent hr mill
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In v.
either of the ' publication offices and be Indorse!
with the name aud residence of periooi aumaii*
to have the saiuo published. J .
BURN.
BLANK— this city, July 14, 1896, to the wife Of
... Charles A. Blank, a son.-. ;■ ... . .-
KANE— In this city, June 14, 1896. to the wife of
F. J. Kane, a son.
LEWIS— JuIy 15, 1896, to the wife of Robert W.
Lewis of West Oakland, a daughter.
O'CONNOR— In San Jose, July 13, 1896, tothe
-. wife of J. B. O'Connor, a daughter. ,- . ' ■
POHLI— In this city, July 14, 1896. to the wife of
EmU Pohli, 11 sou. :,...-:.-
SHERIDAN— In this city, July 12, 1896, to the
wife of P. W. Sheridan, a son.
WALLACE— In this city, July 7, 1896, to the wife
of Timothy .1. Wallace, a daughter.
MAKKIEI).
ADAMS— BRAY — 111 Carson, Nev., July 15. 1896.
-. by the Rev. James' B. Eddie, Charles H. Adams
of Menlo Park and Olive Pray of Carson.
FLTNN— WALTHER— In this city. July 8, 1896.
by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, William P. Fllnn and
Sophia M. Walther.
LOWELL— COFFER— In- this city, July 1 1896.
by the Rev. J. Fuendelin?, John W. Lowell and
Jennie K. Coffer, both of Westport, Jueudocino
County, Cal. -
LUEBERS— FRUHSTUCK— In this city, July 15,
1896, by 'the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Hermann
Lue.iers and Mario Fruhstuck. . .. ;.o .
LYON— MA KTIN— In this city, July 14, 1886. by
the Rev. Dr. 'J. Nieto, M. J. Lyon and Julia
Martin. ■■ .. ••• ■ ■:.•••. <fi".-V:-
SOMMER— LEMLE— In this City. July J5, -1 896,
by the Rev. Lr. J. Nieto, Max Sommer and Flora
Lemle. : . ' : . * "• " : ; '■'
WOOD-HILDEBRANDT-In this cltv, July 12,
L 1898. by the Rev. J. Fnendeilng, .George Wood
and Mrs. Wllhelmlae Htldebrandt.
XiIKV.
: wley, John Henry , O'Ne:U, Dr. P. J.
Crook, James ■ Onken, Mary E.
Drlscoll, Joanna . Owens Owen W. ?:>;:*••■■
GlasscocE, May B. Sheridan, John
Lambert, -Sarah B. ■ Trubonbaoh. H. E
Laynj. Robert D. Weber. Wilhelm F. '
• Lubner. Mary E. • • Williams, Robert •
Levlngston, Jeannette Wing, Stephen
CAWLEY— this city, July 14. 1896. John
Henry, Infant son of Henry and Margaret Caw-
ley. and grandson of . John and Ann Loftns,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1! months and 11
days. „ : - - ,
JC3" Friends ana acquaintances are r"Mn«\-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of his grandparents, 363% Eleventh
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CROOK— In Oakland. July 14, 1896. at the Home
of the Adult Blind, James Crook, a native of
Ireland, aged 63 years. * • •
DRISCOLL— In Benieia. July 15,1896, Joanna
Driscoll, mother of Mrs. Mary ■E. Munroe : of
Vallejo and Kate and John Driscoll of Benicia,
a native of Ireland, aged 75 years. - . .
JOSTThe funeral will take place SATURDAY,
July 18, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
- residence, thence to St. Dominic's Church, Be-
nicia.
GLASSCOCK— this city. July 15. 1896. May
15., wife of A. B. Glasscock. a native of Califor-
nia, nee 1 40 years 3 months and 9 days.
LAMBERT— In this city, July 15, 1896. Sarah
Bell, only child of Thomas a. and Addle Lam-
bert, and granddaughter of Thomas and Mary
Learned and William and Sarah Lambert of
Clovi-rdale. a native of -San Francisco, aged 1
year 5 months and 2 days. . ,
£3T Friends and acquaintance ar? rei^jv
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
. (Thursday), at 2 :30 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence ot her . parents, 2039 Howard street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ■
LAYNG— In Foisom. July .14. 1896. Robert D.,
eldest son of , Robert J. and Isabella H. Layng.
. a native of san Francisco, aged 13 years -6
months and 21 days. ' ■; «v
*3~Fr!endB are re-pectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Thursday), at 1 o'clock
.p. m., from ' the residence -of his parents. .794
Clayton street.- Interment private, Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. • ;
LEVINGSTON— In this city, July 14, 896,
Jeannette Levingston, mother of Dr. Marc Lev-
iiigstou, Mrs. D. L. Mavers, Belle, Rose, Esther,
Miriam and Helen Levlngston, aged 57 years.
fl3-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
. (Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from her late
'residence, 1301 Octavia street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery by train, leaving Third
aid 1 ownsena streets at 11:30 a, m. Please
■ omit flowers.- . . . . ..: .j . .'.;.;
LUBNER— In this city, July 1898. Mary
beloved wife of Frank Lubner. and mother of
Annie Susan . Lubner, . and daughter of Mrs.
Ptisan Hayes, and sister of Patrick and Samuel
• Haves, a native of tan Francisco, aged 34 years.
JO" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 9:30 O'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 63 Natoma street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, where services will be held. Interment
Holy cross Cemetery. •.*.-•
O'NEILL— Dr. P. J. • O'Neill, n native of County
. Boscommon, Ireland, aged 87 years. •
JK3~Friend* anl acuualntancet nrc runes'-
' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. v., from
the Knights of the Red Branch Hall, corner of
Mason and O'Farrell streets, thence to st.
PatricK's Church. Mission street, where a re-
quiem high mass will !r» celebrated for the
pose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
K. K. B. RlFLEf— Attention ! The members" of
the company will assemble nt K. R. B. Hall
THIS DAY ; (Thursday), at 8 o'clocK a. jc, for
the purpose of attending the funeral of our late
comrade, P. J. O'Nell. M. D. By ord^r of
--.:, J. SHEEBY, Capt. Commanding-
A. O. H.. DIVISION NO. 2— Officers and members
of this division are hereby notified to assemble
at Hibernian Hail, 120 Ninth street. Thursday,
at. B a. x., thence proceed, to K. R. B. Hall, to
pay the lust sad tribute of respect to our de-
ceased brother, Dr. P. J. O'Neill. Fines for non-
attendance will be strictly enforced.
BARTLEY LEE, President.
■ Johj* Kejst, Rec. Sec.
WOLFE TONE CLUB— members of Wolfe
Tone Club of Oakland are requested to assemble
at K. R. B. HalL San Francisco, THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., to attend the
funeral or' our late brother, Dr. P. J. O'Neill.
. By order of President.
KNIGHTS OF TAB A - The members of the
Knights of Tara are requested to assemble at K.
R. B. Hall THIS DAY (Thursday); at 8:30
o'clock a. m., to attend the funeral of our late
brother. Dr. P. J. O'Neill. ■, By order Committee.
K. of R. B.— Knights of the Red Branch. Atten-
tion: The members are requested to assemble at
their hall THIS: DAY (Thursday), at ; 8:30
o'clock a. m., to attend the funeral of our late
, brother. Dr. P. J. O'Neill. By order President.
ONKEN— In this city, July 15. 1836, Mary Eliza-
. beth, beloved daughter of John William and
Emma Onken. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
, months and 15 days.
OWENS— In this city, July 15, 1896, Owen W.
Oweus, father of 11. C, O. N. and A. D. Owens,
a native of New York, aged 64 years 10 months
and 11 days. ' - '■■■-■ '■ : -.'.-..■.:
j63~ Friends and acquaintance art r«MT»et-
' fully invited' to attend the funeral services
' TO-MORROW (Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m., at the
, residence of the late Henry Owens, 616 Eddy
street. Interment Masonic Cemeten*. .'
SHERIDAN— In this city, July 13, 1896, John J.,
beloved son of the late Edward and Mary Sheri-
dan, nephew of Bridget Sheridan, and cousin of
James K. Sheridan, a native of Shasta County,
■ Cal.. aged 37 years.:. ... . , -.;.;■■ ■■>.': :, •
f£g- Friends and acquaintances and members
. of. the Marine Fireman's Union are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY (Thurs-
day), at 12:30 o'clock p. if., from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TRUBENBACH— tn this cltr. July 14, 1898, H.
E., beloved husband of Charlotte Trubenbach,
' and father of Conrad ■ and Edward Trubenbach,
a native of Germany. u*MMllAl <WU 3 f99<Viri
ts~Tho funeral services will take place
THIS DAY (Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m. at
his late residence. 2416 Webster street. Inter-
ment private. • Please omit flowers. . .
WEBER— In th's city, July 15, 1*96. Wllhelm
: Frederick, ' beloved - son :of • ' Chris I and Maria
Weber, and brother Of Carl and Heinrich. Weber.
a native of San Fraucisco, aged 2 months and 12
days.
WiLLIAMS— in this city, ; July > 15. 1896. at the
residence of his spn-in-Uw, John Ferguson. 2910
Buchanan street. ■ Robert Williams, a native of
Ruabou Denbegshire, North Wales, aged 70
■ years. ->-■•■-• ■- • • /
JKB"Notlceof funeral hereafter. _ .
WING— In this city. July 15,1893, Stephen Wing,
' a native of Massachusetts, aged .73 years and 5
months. -, .■ . -j,' ;.-■■'-./. : J ■---._ : .
JB3" Friends and acquaintances ar» ' resnsT-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from Masonic
Temple. later ment Masonic Cemetery. ....
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
cistion — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mans for the deceased -members of the above
association/and for , the deceased parents arid
.relatives of the members; will . be celebrated In
.'St. Dominic's Church. Bush, and Steiner streets.
, THIS DAY (Thursday), at '9 - O'clock a. m.
, Friends are Invited to attend. : ,r
WIcAVO A. CALLACHER,. ; I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALM
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. ■
'..£■': X "J\ Telephone 3080. ■-■ --'
jAS."McMK}TO«RYT™ I ™"™'CHA!!.'.McMEi l
• JAMES McME>OMEV A: SON, ; '
UNUKKTAKERS AND ■■- E3IBAI.MEBS,
-.--1067 Mission Street, Near. Seventh.
- ■«. Telephone No. 3354. .. .. ; ,
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: -NEAREST CBM&
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex>
elusive; location unexcelled. --. Office 997, Market
street, southeast corner of Sixth. ■ :v.
1314
SPIRITUALISTS'
SNOW-WHITE CITY
Ptet State Camp-Meeting
fe Be Held in August
at Redondo.
TWO NOTED SPEAKERS.
Beautiful Building Purchased
From the Chautauqua
Association.
LAEGE ATTENDANCE EXPECTED
In September the State Spiritualistic
Association Will Meet in
This City.
The spiritualists are going to have s
grand State camp-meeting at Redondo. It
will be the greatest event of the kind ever
planned by followers of that cult in Cali
fornia, and their hearts and sonls are just
bubbling over with enthusiasm at the pros
pect.
In order for such a meeting to be held it
was essential that the various spiritual-
N^he Beautiful Building and Park at ReJondo Purchased by the Spiritualists for a Camp'Meeting Site,
and Two of the Speakers Who Will Address the Meeting Next Month.
istic bodies of the State should act in
unison. This necessary link in the proceed
ings was supplied by H. D. Barrett, presi
dent of the National Spiritualistic Associa
tion, who welded the scattered organiza
tions together on the occasion of his last
visit to San Francisco. And so tne camp
meeting is assured.
Not only is there going to be a camp
meeting, but it was thought best to have
it in the same pi ace each year; so the
State Camp-meeting Association looked
aoout for a suitable place. They found it
at Redondo.
The handsome artificial stone building
formerly owned by the Chautauqua Asso
ciation, and said to have cost $28,000
originally, was purchased as the very Bpot
desired. Its seating capacity is given at
3000. The building is surrounded by five
acres of land, covered with lawns and
dotted with beautiful shade trees. All tbe
camps will be set up in this park, and the
meetings will be held in the structure of
artificial stone.
As a place for a camp-meeting it bids
fair to be classified as ideal. In conse
quence the association is elated over its
excellent luck in making the purchase.
They could have done no better, the man
agers say, if they had spent six months in
searching for a suitable location.
Stepben D. Dye, president of the St ate
Camp-meeting Association and of the
mediums and speakers of San Francisco,
will leave this City for Redondo July 28.
It is expected that at least 500 or 600 mem
bers will be encarcped upon the ground,
not to mention the number that will visit
the grounds from adjacent towns.
The meeting will last throughout the
month of August, and will break up only
in time to permit tbe leaders to return to
this City in time for 'the first annual con
vention of the State Spiritualist Associa
tion. The principal speakers at the camp
meeting will be W. J. Colville of Boston and
J. J. Morse, who has been the leading
apostle of spiritualistic doctrine in the
California Psychical Society for a year and
a half.
Both men are leading exponents of the
cult and are widely known both in Eng
land and America. In their methods of
teaching they differ widely, Colville being
inclined toward the consideration of ab-
Btruse metaphysical propositions, while
Morse is eminently practical. So the
advocates of the "gospel of spiritualism"
feel assured that nothing monotonous will
creep into the dissertations to which they
will give ear.
Besides these two men, eminent in tbe
rank and file of tbe organization, there
. ; , NEW TO-DAY.
Humors
m^R Mm iunSS I^3 h3 tQa %j| EJ WL jp*jj
TTVERY humor, ■whether J Itching, burning,
iJj bleeding, scaly, crusted, pimply, or blotchy,
-whether simple, scrofulous, or hereditary, from
Infancy to age, are now speedily cured by
(uiieiira
Resolvent
A SKIN and blood purifier of lncomparabla
" purity and curative power. Purely vegeta- ;
ble, safe, innocent, and palatable. It appeals to
all, and especially mothers, nurses, and children.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Ci.ticcra, s(>c.|
Boap. 25c. i Resoltixt. 50c and »I. , Pottbk D*ca
AXD Chem. Cokp.. bole Prop*., Botton.*. •■' ■■- • ' .
. «v &owtaCw«JU»«l«&diki»Hi!non,''<rw. ' /[,
will be addresses during the coarse of the
meeting from other prominent local and
National believers.
Among them are the followins: Pro
fessor William Clayton Bowman of Los
Angeles, Dr. George W. Carpender of Chi
cago, Dr. James M. Peebles of San Diego,
Professor J. S. Loveland of Summerland,
W. W. Tatum of Los Angeles, Thomas G.
Newman, editor of the Philosophical Jour
nal, San Diego, Mr. and Mrs. Chalmers P.
Lengley of Boston, Julia Scblessinger of
Sau Francisco, Elizabeth Sloper, State or
ganizer, of San Francisco.
Mediumistic talent will be represented
by Mrs. Maud Freitag of National City,
Mrs. Fanny Place and Mrs. Ladd-Finue
gan of San Francisco.
Mrs. Emma Sherwood of Boston, an ex
cellent contralto singer, will assist the
choir, and Professor E. A. Whitlaw will
act as musical director.
ENTHUSIASTIC CYCLERS.
A Mammoth Parade of Wheelmen la
Assured for the Latter Part
of This Month.
The Cycle Board of Trade held a called
meeting last night to confer with the cap
tains of the various bicycle clubs of this
City with a view to getting suggestions
and to perfect arrangements for the grand
parade on tbe 25th inst. J. 8. Coumell
was in the chair.
The question of placing in line the un
attached wheelmen was fully discussed,
and a motion was finally passed that each
club should issue invitations to the unat
tached wheelmen in its particular district.
These will parade with the various clubs,
and a pennant will be given to tne club
turning out the greatest number of wheel
men, attached and unattached.
Invitations will be sent also t*r the j
Cycle Board, and all unattached wheel
men not invited by a club will be given a
place directly behind the Alpha Club in
tbe van of the parade.
The distributing points for lanterns and j
decorations to the unattached wheelmen l
will be at the several clubhouses, the
general distributing point to be at
Twenty-second and Shotwell streets.
Judge Kerriean was elected grand mar
shal of the wheelmen's division of the
parade. He announced that be would
choose for bis chief aid Harlow H. White,
president of the Associated Cycling Cluds.
SUICIDE BY SHOOTING.
Harry Luther Fires a Bullet
Into His Head With
Deadly Effect
Possibility of an Unknown Woman
Haying Been tbe Cause of
tbe Rash Act.
Harry Luther, 32 years of age, who has
been employed driving a sodawater
wagon, committed suicide yesterday even
ing at his room at 34 Golden Gate avenue
by sending a bullet through bis head from
a Smith & Wesson revolver. The bullet
had entered near the right ear and death
must have been instantaneous.
E. Feeney, a friend of the deceased man,
had seen him shortly before the shooting.
Luther had then seemed in a contented
frame of mind and was reading a novel.
When Feeney returned shortly afterward
Luther was lying dead on the bed and near
him lav the pistol, just as be bad dropped
it after firing the fatal shot Feeney
hastened to notify tbe Coroner and the
body was removed to the Morgue.
Upon the dead man's clothing were
found numerjus letters &ua cards. A
number of old letters from friends and
relatives in Indiana were found and also
letters from a woman signed "Flo." A.
gold badge was also found which evidently
belonged to the young man's father and
which bore the inscription, "20th Regi
ment, Indiana Volunteers, War of 1861."
A marriage certificate was also found
among tbe deceased's effects, showing that
in 1893 he had been married by Justice of
the Peace Dunne to Eva Frawley. A re
ceipt for $5 from Attorney Alexander
Cam pbell Jr. f or services in the case of
Luther vs. Luther indicated that a suit for
divorce had been subsequently instituted.
Later it was learned from one of the <ie
ceastd's friends that a divorce had actu
ally been obtained. Whether this was the
result of an attachment for the woman
'•Flo" is a matter of conjecture.
Luther's friend, Feeney, when seen last
night, declared that he had been creatly
surprised at Luther's suicide. "Luther
was an uncommunicative, quiet sort of
fellow," he declared, "but appeared to be
quite cheerful. About three weeks ago be
fell off his own wagon and was run over,
and had to go to the Receiving Hospital,
but yesterday he was discharged as en
tirely cured. Before leaving the hospital
he was visited by C. E. Triplett,. by whom
he was employed for a long time «s bar
keeper. Whether the suicide was com
mitted in a fit of insanity, produced by his
previous.accident, I do not know."
Luther is supposed to have wealthy rela
tives in the East and in Germany, but
their addresses could not be learned from
the letters found upon bis person. The
last letters from the father were dated
from Crown Point, Indiana, but he is
known since then to have been in Los An
geles, and bis present residence is un
known. Information may be obtained to
day from the dead man's former em
ployer, Triplett, as to the whereaboutß of
his relatives, and if they are found the
body will probably be forwarded for inter
ment.
Off to Santa Cruz.
On Sunday, August 2, an excursion will be
run to Santa Cruz under the personal super
vision of Colonel W. 11. Menton. The fare for
the round trip has been fixed at $W. and pro
visions will be made for the comfort of all who
go. Five hours at the beach and sight-seeing
about Santa Cruz will no doubt attract a large
crowd.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JTTLY 16, 1896.
RICH GOLD ORE
AT INCLESIDE.
N. H. Shoot Has Found
a Mountain of
Quartz.
UP IN SUTRO'S WOODS.
Assays of Average Samples
Range From $40 to
$180 a Ton.
HOW HIS TUNNEL CAVED IN.
Now the Spring Valley Company
Keeps Two Men Watchicg
Their Flume.
Strange things have been taring place
of late on tbe southwestern declivity of
the Twin Peaks range of hills. The busy
world around paid no attention. Even
the crowds that daily went to the Ingle
side races, or on Sundays to the Ingleside
coursing park, passed unheedful of it all.
And yet within a few hundred yards of
the peaks two men nave discovered gold,
what they claim to be rich rotten
quartz assaying as high as $180 a
ton and extending from the sur
face downward a great distance — in
fact, a veritable mountain of singularly
rich, tractable ore that bears promise of a
vast fortune.
This is not all, either. The Spring
Valley Water Company has come
upon the scene, and for months
two of its men have bean on duty
night and day since January last watch
ing 150 to 200 feet of flume and iron pipe
on the biliside. For there has been an
open feud between the water company and
the miners.
As far back as 1881, N. H. Shoot, an old
time miner, prospecting in the San Fran
cisco hills in that vicinity, discovered what
he declares was the outcropping of a rich
quartz ledge. He made satisfactory ar
rangements with the French Savings
Bank on a lease to prospect and work the
quartz, but in time the bank withdrew
and Shoot was thwarted in his purpose to
develop a gold mine. Nothing daunted,
he turned his attention to the black aurif
Croppings of the Rich Gold Ledge on the Hill Above t he Ingleside Racetrack,
erous sand on the beach about two miles
distant, across Lake Merced, and as the
months passed he washed out sold dust in
quantities sufficient to encourage him Ito
remain on the beach. Meanwhile Sutro
bought the land with the gold quartz mine
over near Inglesiae. From him Shoot se
cured a lease of .a ; few ? acres on the hill—
ground absolutely worthless to all appear
ances, rocky, barren and inaccessible. But
beneath the surface lay the dream .of
Shoot's latter years, and it was to tunnel
and bore : into the hill - that he obtained
legal rights from Sutro. ■
The ground to-day is .; covered , with a
promising % young ;. forest of eucalyptus,
pines and cypress, so that the prospect
holes, tunnels and shafts are hidden from
the outside world On j closer inspection,
however, may be found : : on ej shaft 75 feet
deep, another 150 feet deep, drifts follow
ing the ledges, and also the remains of a
tunnel.^ The electric car passes just 300
yards away. Across the road is the Incle
side racetrack and toward the southeast
s as. r*r£L?^LV™*\ o i
c dS ct of green foliase V themininp
; ; Some'tima - ago the Spring Valley' Com -;
panv'spipe < from Crystal Springs Lake to
La Honda Reservoir, near the Almshouse.
burst immediately over Shoot's pretentious
tunnel. AThe water soaked through the:
ground and caved in. the, tuhnel timbers/
At the same time the surface flow. passed I
over the mouth of the tunnel and tore
away,
Shoot could not save his property. nor
I Hale's Summer ,':'. " ' ad Week • SHS
? Of Up=to=Date Goods.
If Too big to be disappointing:, too good to miss. The feebleness of the ATTEMPTS at competition never were so noticeable as
X now. Compare before buying. WE are busy every day. What is the magnet that draws the crowds if not PRICES ?
5 ~~- ~~ ~~ ~ - r*%>< ■
1 j**! | "My boy, go tell your 9 % j/ J^ Cotton goods, woven
2 dS>& mother to get ready at X and printed in best of
6 /^^^Mh^ji once to go tO Hales. A k^f^W\ styles' for summer, sell- ■
2 T^fW Silks at SUCH PRICES. a & l^llf^ lng here at about . cost of
9 ** ;T SraS. Why, I Can dress wife A V"M ■'TJ the raw materiaL We
9 $~\^JiSFfi like a queen for a few 6 //'A ,l£c* quote a few to represent
6 TV I^^^Uy dollars." V <2 4g |/ a room full.
9 to^i^j^jE^T^^!! .™^."'.™s^A^!?^^^™!f 45° V TABLE oilcloth, Ml 49 inches wide: Clearance Sale price.".."..".. ;.. '..'.. j^O '
A\ 60c ALL-WOOL 'ALMA SUITING, full 40 Inches wide, in tan, mode, olive, he- OCC j\ BLEACHED LONSDALE AND FRUIT OP THE LOOM MUSLIN, full 36 HO
\f llotrope; our Clearance Sale price. .;....'..".";...•....:..:.•..".;......... ZiO \J inches wide; Clearance Sale price Yard I
A : ' Yard I
T OUR DOLLAR PLAIDS AND STRIPES-allin light colors, from 40 to 45 QQC 9 DRfSS GINGHAMS, In plain and stripes; was. B^c; a Clearance Sale oppor. £C
Q inch, to be closed out; Clearance Sale price. do Q tunny
YS s • — — — - Yard jr CROCHET SPREADS, good, bl? size, well made; were cheap when we asked AfiP
\J FRENCH NOVELTY SUITINGS— a miscellaneous lot; some patterns sold as CAC O 75c: Clearance...'.'. 3^ h
JL high as 125;, our Clearance Sale price is .: O\J T •■ ... Jsaca
Sr . . -- —■ *-• Yard O PILLOW SHAMS, red need from 25c; Nottingham lace; a most satisfactory in- "I C C
Q OUR ENTIRE LINE OF $1 26 FRENCH DRESDEN SILKS, full 20 Inch"; rjrp A vestment; Sale price :j_l^i_jj.ul_l: Fatr xt -'
T. you may have your choice 10r...:; «O V TAB DAM ASK-reduoed tor this week from 45c; 58 inches wide and guar- Qf^O
\J • - — — — — — r\ anteedaU linen; Clearance Sale price... - ",.
JL FANCY FRENCH JACQTTARD DRESDEN SlLK— our $150 and $175 lines: <2»n. 15 >r •• -•- -, ■ -.s:-S r. '. Yara
y full 21 Inches; Clearance Sale price....... ® 1— Q HEMSTITCHED SHEETS-for housekeeping people. They are the bost of muslin;
A • . ; ! xara jr. sewn by hand and dry ironed; will wash and iron with hem perfectly straight: our
V FRENCH JACQUARI) WARP PRINT SILKS— our regular *2 50 high art © 1 .50 Q . prices to close :. X? X 2°. 1nche5...... -.. — *.o eacn
A novelties, all dark shades; our Clearance Sale price........... «Ip 1 . T foxlo IlS\\\\\\\^':ssc each
? LADIES' GINGHAM APRONS, in small check, of blue and brown, 36x36 IAC I I' 21 ' 2 GLOVES-Light gray, with black stitching: assorted sizes; "J^C
0 Inches; just the thing for the kitchen. To c105e..... A" \J opeciai.... ■ - • palr
1 ' '' ' ' ' ' • Each . JL ' ! — — . '
0 GENTS^WOOL MIXED SOX, natural gray, m. ood heavy two-bit sock. ice 9 FANCY MESH VEILING-14 Inch; a special value at 15c. First aisle to the rriC
T To dose MIXED SOX, natural gray, a good heavy two-mt sock. "^^c -t right— Center Table To-day.... .••— ••— l 2
Q ° 08C ' ' •"••" ""'" ■■' " "" Each V • ___.
(N GENTS' UNDERSHIRTS, a good heavy grade, with silk bound neck and front. OQC Q GERMAN KNITTING V ARN-a regular 20c hank; a good variety ■ of colors; J
V One-half their value at. £*' X Clearance bale price • Hank
f\ . . . Each ■■ Q ■ . '-■'- ■ • ■ ■-■:■■■:■■*
C) . ■ Each rK — :
£% BOYS' MOTHERS FRIEND SHIRT WA IS IS, made of rercale, chambra or A(\C I THE FAMOUS SANDOW PINS-True to their name; never less than sc; 2\ C
Ijf flannel, a patent waistband that makes It impossible for the buttons to come - Q Clearance Price to close.. ..„ • ••••• Paper
#*%., off. Clearance price Each T . . '■ — -
vf .-- O WHITE PILLOWCASE LACE, about 3V2 inches wide; good, heavy kind, and QC
Jfk BOYS' MOTHER'S FRIEND SHIRT WAISTS, full laundered and made of QC& T worth from 6c to 7 Vac • Sale price Yard O
%# fine percale, patent "buttons-wont-come-off" waistband; -these were $1. \)O Q " ;.~." rl> 7J ' r ».",. r,
,5 To close t&e 10t..... .......:...  Each V LADIES' CAPE COLLARS— White and Mourning; small sizes only; the lot on 1C
1 jm . ....... — — — — — Q a table at « ........."..... Each X
7Z W25 LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS, full embroidered front, big sleeves, full Sl— A FANCY METAL DRESS BUTTONS, assorted kinds; value averages W
0 bacit, a swell affair and In all as neatas a pin. To close this line we offer «ifil A FANCY METAL DRESS BUTTON S, assorted kinds; value averages 25c; RC
■Jf them at........ ........:........ Each V? the lot to pick from .....•• • ...Dozen c
1' } , '* • ■ ; _ — »-^»^«^s*?-» : '• — r- : — ~ . .
wL. ' -^m- ._ -^i ■ • ••■ -^, . . ("INCORPORATED),
fHALb BROS. 937 to 945 Market St.
X)^O^QC^<KXXH>O<KXHW(X><K) ; <H>O-O<K>^^
could the water company, it seems, until
after the damage was done. Then Shoot
sued the company, and last December he
met defeat in the Superior Court. The
old miner, utterly dejected and heartsore
over his loss and subsequent defeat, said
some hard things about the water com
pany, and immediately two watcumen put
in an appearance near his cabin. They
erected a shelter from the fogs and winds
and settled down to a steady watch of the
pipe, and night and day they were on
guard in the Tittle opening in the woods.
Shoot was also at bis post over the peak.
He is a typical miner of the early days — a
roughened and toughened old man, with
strong lines in his face, an apparent disre
gard for conventionalities of dress and full
of an abiding confidence of a fortune in
sight. He claims 71 years, yet he can
handle a pick or shovel, vault a fence and
chew his tobacco plug with the youneest
miner in the mines. He stood near his
mine yesterday, contemplating the piles
of rusty black rock about him.
"Does it pay?" he said, repeating the
question. "Do you think I'd be here if it
didn't? I've been, mining in California
since '50. Every pound of this rock is
good, it averages $40 a ton. I'd be satisfied
with $10. A man in the City ■is ready to
put up a plant for crushing and reducing
the ore, but now I want to find out the
width of the ledge before Igo any further,
I have this shaft down 150 feet and it goes
clean through pay quartz from the sod. 1
The ledge runs southwest and ' northeast,
at an angle of 20 degrees. It is.practically
a mountain of rotten quartz full of metal,
I've burned the rock in my stove and got
lots of gold out of it. Rich? "Well, ask
Thomas Price. .He has done all my assay
ing, and he reported the ore from differ
ent places here to assay as high as $180. '
-That old : shaft over there," he con
tinued, pointing toward a hole fenced in
and i halt covered with a: : tangle of ; ferns
and briars. ; "I sank that in '81, and when
the bank wanted it I put in a few sticks of
powder and closed up the > drift. The
other shaft is about seventy feet deep, and
it sa tisfied me about the dip of t the ledge.
tu'; D nert n o? elo r h o r, the T^lirzz
Jl/J 1 / red » n £ *««• enough for a man
arovl in^'f^ " ™ h"I t? Vfo« i cJt
1. I^OO S?i th *r* vlv r m
116 iSpr '5K5 X T it y i wl
fw^mp^* V? me ' an .^w ■•'??■■ w*
11112^™HnF? e^ S^
hUt B nonse » se - -* would , not^ouch
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
their pipe. But it is good for the two
men who get $2 each a day to keep their
eyes on it.
"I made money in mmmg — lots of it;
$6000 down there in that black sand on
the shore, and I've spent $15,000 neht
here in this quartz."
Shoot bas a partner and employs a third
man to help in the mine, which he has
worked assiduously for a long time. He
declared yesterday that in a very short
time the result of his patient toil will
show itself and then fortunes will be
taken from the rusty mountain of quartz.
WAS SHOT IN THE HEAD.
Peter Gordon Found Seriously
Wounded on Second
Street
He Stated That He Was Waylaid by
a Tall Fcotpad— May Have
Attempted Suiciae.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 15. j
The residents around the corner of Sec- |
ond and Jefferson streets were startled ■
about 9:30 to-nigbt by four shots ringing '
out on the air. People on the street '
rushed in the direction of the sonnd sand ;
found a man lyinp in a pool of blood. He
tv conscious when taken to the Re- |
ceiving Hospital and gave the name of j
Peter Gordon. He claims to be a Russian j
from Wilna. He has been stopping at i
Reudys Hotel on Seventh and Franklin j
streets for the past four days. He has a
brother in Guerneville.
Dra. Dunn, Hamlin, Sill and Kuchein
called, and an examination being made,
only a superficial wound was found in the
forehead over the right eye. He claimed
that a tall man with a heavy mustache
stopped him with a command to throw up
bis hands, and, without waiting to have
the command obeyed, commenced firing
at him. This much was gained, little at a
time, from the injured man, who was very
unwilling to talk upon the subject.
Chief of Police Lloyd at once sent men
to examine the locality.
The first discovery was a revolver of a
cheap pattern among the bushps, which
had either been hid or thrown .there. The
officers did not give much credence to the
story of a tall man doing the shooting, but
I claim it is an attempt at suicide. Gor
don's fingers and forehead are powder
burned somewhat. Steward Victory of
the Receiving Hospital says it is a case of
attempted suicide without a doubt.
Gordon was a traveling salesman for a
dry-goods firm. He was recently from
Healdsburg. ....
ANOTHER M'KINLEY CLUB.
A New Organization Known as the
Golden West Launched.
A new Republican club was organized at
Irish- American Hail last night. The
greater number present were young men
whose homes are on the south bounds of
Market street.
The following officers were elected:
William B. Crane, president; William B.
Canty, first vice-president; James Craw
ley, second vice-president; Jamos Carroll,
secretary; Frank Wall, corresponding sec
retary; Edward Birmingham, sereeant-at
arms; executive committee — John J.
Daughney, William P. Connors, Thomas
McDermott.
The roll showed over 150 names, princi
pally of young men who are about to cast
their first vote. All of them have shown
their preference for the party of progress
and protection.
( We Want j
[Your Account
E Special Bargains for One Week: °j
% MUSHROOMS (F. Leconrt' 3 ) JK p §
)o .......... 25c; 2 tins for rtOKj <*
g Regularly 30c. "3
£ GHIRARDELLI'S GROUND 3
So. CH0C0LATE.. ............. AZp 3
£ . . ....... 1-lb tin 25c, 2 lor o(
C ■ ■ ■ Regularly 30c. 3
£ OLD PEPPER HISKEY QO.OO 3
£ ... i ..... qt. bot. 75c, 3 for $>& — ol
p Regularly $1.00. 3
C KEENE'S ENGLISH MUS- 3
£ TARD, in % and % lb. tins QA/» <* |
to per lb. O\J\j ol
g Equal to any. -"3
U BLACK CUT OLIVES, qt. jar A A 3
£ Old Spanish style, very deli- aUL/ o<
Jo cious. , ; M
i? HIRE'S ROOT BEER. 10c; OKp 3
jo ..:;..................3bots. 6OIj 3
0 Every article guaranteed first class, 3
C or your money back. 3
2 ATH JEN BROS J
I 21 STOCKTON STREET, §
£ NEAR MARKET. 3
g - Telephone Main 5522. 3
jo -Write for July Catalogue. . 3
Oljljulsuuulsjljljlsuljl^^
Your
Summer
Girl
Airy, light and ■ gay, in dainty dimities
and Dresden effects, admires, the same
taste in her "summer boy." Please her
fancy and assure your comfort with
"STANDARD" Percale. Outing Shirts. A
home industry.
■'*■■■ "■••'.' '■
""jrTBAD&^l 11 '.
j N.B. I,
I MARK I
Neustadter Bros., fifrs.; 5. F., Cat.
BIDS
.-Tir ILL BE RECEIVED AT THE OFFICE OF
;.*» th" Registrar of Voters on : MOS DAY, : July
20, 1896, at 10 a. m., for Stationery , etc ;
For particulars apply at this office.- ■
■■■■■ .\i -,:■■' W. M. HIXTON, .Registrar.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES -H. • * PHILLIPS, ATTOBNEY-AT.
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st, oppo-
■lie Palace Hot*!. Telephone 57a Kesidenaa ltfJJ
: leUw. Teiephon* .-tina" a69JL --.y. •■:..--■'.-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USJB » AMI ANA" BlTXiSßB, 'Titifi
great Mexican Bamedjr; gIT« iiafciUl ***
1 Stnonb to tiw tteuui ogub* -
*^*21B&ZZO MONTGOMERY StT^
;Cv*J.C MIILS BLOC.
Thursday, July 23, 1896.
AT 12 O'CLOCK, NOON.
PROBATE ESTATE TIMOTHY
J. GJBI.IN, DECEASED. |
SE. corner Clay and Leavenworth sts.; lot 35:6
xlOOfeet; covered with substantial 3-story build-
ings; 2 stores and 5 flats; solid foundations; exca-
vated basement; total rents, $149 50. • 
PROBATE SALE — ESTATE W. H.
CHURCHILL, DECEASED.
. 1002 Haight St.. NW. corner' Broderlck; lot 56x
137:6 feet, and extra lot 27:6x27:6 feet: house
contains 9 rooms and bath, with basement, fur-
nace and substantial stable for 3 horses.
PROBATE ESTATE MARY T.
THOMPSON, DECEASED.
62 Shipley St., N W. line.lso feet NE of Fifth st. ;
25x? 5 feet; improvevements consist of substan-
tial 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath.
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE MARY T.
THOMPSON, DECEASED.
Lot No. 5. Block 390, South H. F. R. R. <& Home-
stead Association: .: 75x101) feet; "southwest line
Nineteenth avenue, 225 feet SE. from I street.
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS, DECEASED.
SE. corner Mission and Twenty-second streets:
40x122:6 feet; old frame improvements; should
have new building: and transfer point of .Mission
and Twenty-second street electric cars.
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE OF PAT-
RICK CUMMINS, DECEASED.
Twenty-second street, ; south - line, ; 200 feet K.
Guerrero; 253:114 feet: street curbed, sewered and
bituminized-. electric cars pass; splendid lot for
residence or flats; in Mission warm belt.
PROBATE SALE— ESTATE ROBERT
MURDOCK, DECEASED.
Lots Nos. 1461 and 1462, Gift Map 3, being on
south line Wolfe street, 75 feet west ofFiguero}
each lot 25x70 feet, or 50x70 feet in all.
SANSOMt-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 704 Sansome' street, east line, 45:10 feet
J north of JacKson street: 22:11x137:6 feet; three-
story and basement: brick building and frame
building ■in the ■ rear. 67 rooms, occupied as a
lodging-house; rents $100.
NATOMA-STREET INVESTMENT.
No. 444 Natoma street: NW. line. 275 feet N.
E. Sixth street: lot 30x80 feet, with 8 flats; rent!
¥75; improvements all in good order.
MASON-STREET INVESTMENT.
East line Mason street, 98 feet N. Union: lot
39:6x97:6 feel, with 6 substantial modern flats;
rents $108.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE
. U LOTS.
The northeast corner of Clay street and Central
avenue: 35x100 feet: lot adjoin! above on Cen-
tral avenue. 26x100 feet; lot on north line of day
street, 100 feel K. Central avenue, 25:5^\90 feet;
both streets accepted and lets ready to build on;
Jackson-street cable-cars pass on Central avenue.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOTS.
East line Eleventh avenue, 225 feet 8. Point
Lobos avenue: 50x120 feet: or in two lots 25x
120 feet' each; street sewered and lot ready to
build on. ; ' .'■■...
' — E-TM* tfVffßPff ffft »-~
JZMRNYSt
IS THE , VERY : BEST U.VK TO . EXAMINE!
! JL your eyes and fit tnem to : Spectacles ■ and En!
' (lasses with a instruments of his own invention.
whosesupeciority has not been ■. equaled. -My «v*«
■ (MitM been due to the meriw W my wOJCtta i
■ Office Houxa-JW w * if. m.