VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 34.
JUST LIKE A DIME MUSEUM,
Some Democrats Disgusted
With the Exhibit at
Chicago.
PAID SPIELERS LABOR
INDUSTRIOUSLY.
Tactics That Cause the Big Gath
ering to Be Styled a Hay
seed Convention.
BYNUM NOW PREDICTS DEFEAT
FOR THE PARTY.
Says the Nomination of a Silver Candi
date Will Be as Far as the
Democrats Will Go.
'•The Call's" Headquarters, }
The Auditorium, >
Chicago, 111., July 3 >
Bland is still on top. Interest Is now
beginning to develop on the Vice-Presi
dency. Ex-Governor Peunoyer of Ore
gon and United States Senator Stephen
M. White of California are prominently
mentioned, White having preference be
cause of his sound conservatism, good
business sense and uncompromising De
mocracy. If a nominee for Vice-Presi
dent should be selected from the Pacific
Coast Senator White will undoubtedly
be the man.
Democrats who have fought,, suffered
and bled for their party are disgusted
with the dime museum now being ex
hibited as the Democratic National Con
vention. They say that, composed as it
is of an advisory board of Populists, Re
publicans, socialists and anarchists, It
cannot appeal to the loyalty of the
Democrats or the at ion with the voice
of authority.
Congressman Bynum of Indiana told,
me to-day that if the Democrat;, adopt ;
a free silver platform and nominate
silver men for President and Vice-
President that will be as far an the so
called Democracy of the present con
vention will get. He meant that the
ticket would be defeated. The ignoring
of the tariff is sum in the present dis
cussion, Mr. B.vnum declared, to be a
fatal political error.
Senator Hill of New York arrived to
nip.it. When the reporters called upon
l»»m ho ••xttibit<-u Hlaruiing symptoms I
of paresis, alleging that he was fatigued. ,
He may bo less fatigued to-morrow.
JOHN PAUL, COSGKAVJK.
♦
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— The menagerie
of Populists, Republican bolters and dis
gruntled reformers from, the Democratic
ranks was in full cry to-day, and made the
air in the lobby of the Palmer House as
hot and muggy as that of a steam bath.
The paid spielers were out in the full force
of their chins, each the center of a per
spiring crowd, each very hot, very angry
and with a very menacing attitude, em
phasized by the brandishing of a clenched
fist in front of the nose of the person ad
dressed.
The name of Jackson or Jefferson is not
mentioned once. The spectators on the
balcony in the entresol catch occasionally
arising from the hubbub the names of Tel
ler, Bland, Matthews and Hill, but the
word "tariff" is not on the Democratic
campaign list this year. It is simply a
silver-plated sheet of brass full of sound
and shining which signifieth nothing.
So conspicuous, indeed, is the spurious
and miscegenated complexion of this con
vention and its hungry camp followers
that it has become a common subject of
remark not only on the part of outsiders,
but of that of the delegates themselves.
James H. Eckels, United States Comp
troller of Currency, who is here in the in
terest of the sound money men, says: "If
Democracy is to be given over to Populism.
Socialism and Farmer Alliance doctrine it
ought to be run decently and in oider, and
not in a. manner which makes the outrage
doubly shameful and unprecedented."
Mr. Eckels also deplores tne action of the
Illinoi- delegation In bowing down before
the dictation of Governor Altgeld and
agreeing to rescind the two-thirds rule, and
he predicts that the dictatorial spirit of the
Illinois deleeation and of Governor
Altgeld will be resented by a majority of
the convention. He deplores the fact, also,
that more attention is now being paid to
the advice and wishes of undemocratic
organizations and individuals who never
have been Democrats than to oreaniza
tioas and individuals who are now and
always have been loyal to the party. He
reasons correctly when he says that this
introduction of a mongrel element into the
Democratic convention will be repudiated
by ah good Democrats at the polls.
Mr. Eckels is not alone in his opinion of
the present gathering and it s methods.
By almost universal consent the affair
which is advertised to take place in the
Coliseum next Tuesday is being called
the hayseed convention. This appellation
is accepted by the friends of the Senator
from Colorado, himself a disgruntled Re
publican; by Senator Stewart of Nevada
a Republican, and Senators Lee .Mantle
and Dubois, both of whom were Republi
cans up to the nomination of Major Mc-
Kinley and the adoption of the protection
plank, and who left the party for the
party's good. Otherwise they would never
have bad the audacity to intrude their
suggestion into the Democratic party,
m uch less to ask that a Democratic National
Convention should nominate a Republican
as its Presidential candidate. But that is
what they are doing, and nobody seems
to be offended because of this cold-blooded
proposition.
It seems to be looked upon as a matter
of course that anybody on the outside,
whether Republican, Populist, socialist or
ana'2bist, may walk into the Democratic
circus like a little man after paying his
money at the door. Hence Mr. Teller's
friends have pitched their headquarters
■ '<-r the center of the Democratic rin^,
Bnd are flaunting their banners defiantly
"i the face ol the Democracy just aa
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
though it were the proper thing, and not
even a whisper of protest is heard save
from such lifelong sturdy and self-sacri
ficing Democrats as Congressman W. D.
Bynum of Indiana and others of tlie same
character who never bolted their party,
and in earnest voices, though fey», are de
manding the reafhrmation of the oldtime
Democratic principles and the return to
time-honored and respectable methods.
Congressman Bynum spent the greater
part of to-day in the headquarters of the
Indiana sound-money delegation in the
Palmer House. Of th» thirty delegates
from that State twenty-six favor free
coinage and four are for the present gold
standard. But these four claim to rep
resent the true Democratic sentiment of
their State. They have accordinely flung
their banner to the breeze, having en
gaged the finest parlors in that aristocratic
hostelry, and have gathered around them
a handful of representatives of the old
party — men whose words must be listened
u> with respect if not with aasent.
Among the leading gentlemen is Con
gressman Bynum. I had a talk with him
to-day and found him to be very outspok
en as to his opinion of the nondescript
character of the present convention. He
is a big man physically as well as mental
ly, and stands high in the regard of the
people of his State as well as his fellow
members in Congress. He is sucli a man
whose words woula have great weight in a
Democratic convention, but in the present
revolutionary committee it is not likely
that ht will be given a hearing at all. He
was especially severe on the element
which controlled the Indiana State Con
vention by which tha present silver dele
gates were chosen. He said that the State
Convention was made up of Populists,
cranks and disgruntled Democrats, who
dominated the convention all through,
while they turned down every honest, self
saftri firing Democrat of any prominence of
the State.
"The men who are here in the sound
money cause," said Bynum, "are the men
who have carried on the battles of De
mocracy and who have helped it to suc
cess in the State of Indiana. They were
not given a voice in th 3 convention to
show how they disregarded all their party
obligations. I will say that tliey ousted
the chairman of our State committee and
will not allow him to be a member of the
National deleeation from Indiana to this
convention. We are here to represent the
solid Democrats of our State, for it seems
to me that Republicans and Populists are
the leading spirits here. They seem to
| have a greater voice in the affairs of the
National Democracy than men higher up
in the party who were born Democrats.
I You know whom I mean — Dubois, Petti
! grew, Stewart of Nevada, Congressman
i Schaffner of Colorado ana others of the
! same political complexion— all of them
! Republicans. They have set up their
headquarters herein the Democratic camp
and are booming a disgruntled Republican
for the Presidency on the Democratic
ticket. What ought to appear stranger
still is the fact that their advice, io*teaii
of being repudiated and ignored, is on
many points of procedure and policy ac
cepted with thanks."
"There is another organization here, not
a Democratic one, but a hodge-podge of
Republicans, Populists and other people
of the same fry, called the Bimettalic
League, an organization lormed in the in
terest of the silver miners. It has also set
up its tent in the doorway of the Demo
cratic council-chamber and is assisting the
nondescript politicians of this peculiar
convention in ignoring all the time-hon
ored and sound tenets of the Democracy.
There seems to be no disposition to re
form the very undemocratic manners of the
political dictators. Tne same men who
were here four years ago shouting for
sound money and Cleveland are shouting
against him now and in favor of the free
coinage of silver. The reason for their
change ol tune is that most of them have
Deen disappointed in their political ambi
tions, and they have now started on a cam
paign of rule or ruin."
"What will be the upshot of it all*" I
asked.
"They will adopt a 16 to 1 free coinage
platform," responded the Congressman,
"and they will nominate their candidates
for President and Vice-President." The
sneaker paused here.
"Well?"
Mr. B.vnum reflected for a few seconds
and then said: "That is as far as they
will get."
The speaker added that the substantial
men of the Democratic party were not
ready yet for the free coinage of silver.
"It is a departure from Democratic
principles and the platform. The tariff is a
7ery important issue at this time with the
working people of the United States.
Many new and thickly settled manufac
turing centers have been recently devel
oped in the gas belt, and the tariff will be
an issue of considerable importance to
them. If there was not a deficiency in the
revenue of the Nation that issue would
not cut any figure at all, but because of
the deficiency the tariff pioposition has
forced itself to the front."
"Do you think that the people of the
United States have been and are satisfied
with the operations of the Wilson bill?"
was my next question.
Bynum replied: "Somp manufacturers
are satisfied with the Wilson bill ana some
are not. Woolen manufacturers are com
plaining more than any others. The
whole woolen industry is complaining
more than any other I know of. T:,e iron
men don't seem to complain any, nor do
the ulass men.
"Our object in coming here and estab
lishing headquarters is to raise our voice
in protest against the threatened disrup
tion and destruction of the Democratic
party by the Populists, Republicans and
anarchists, who seem to be in control of
its organization. We have united our
forces in order to effect a concerted action
in the crisis with which the Democracy is
now confronted."
From what 1 have heard and observed
around the different Democratic camps
since I have been in Chicago I am of the
opinion that the voices of such steadfast,
determined and respectable Democrats as
Congressman Bynum and his associates
will not be heard, and that the gag will be
applied by the silver men in accordance
with the programme prepared by Gover
nor Altgeld.
Major Towles of the Biraetaliic League,
one of the nicest old gentlemen connected
with that organization, told me half an
hour later that from all he had been able
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY~MQRNiyG, JULY 4, 1896.
to learn he did not believe that anybody
but pronounced silver men would be al
lowed to serve upon any committee or in
any capacity whatever in the convention.
He qualified this statement »vith great par
ticularity by saying that he did not speak
ex cathedra, but that was his impression.
It was his impression also, not derived
from any particular delegation or person,
but absorbed from the environment, that
if the National Committee should appoint
a temporary chairman who was not a pro
nounced silver man, he and the committee
would be turned down by the big silver
majority in the convention, and another
man of the convention's own choice seated
in his place.
New York's gold headquarters were
opened this morning in parlor S of the
Paimer House, with a Drave display of
flags and buntine, interspersed with por
traits of Hill, Whitney and other promi
nent leaders of the Democracy of that
State. At present it is their intention to
offer Hill as a vicarious atonement upon
the altar of gold as the temporary chair
man of the convention. This will be done
for New York by the gold majority of the
National Committee, and they expect that
the convention will crown Mr. Hill's bald
forehead with a garland of roses and seat
him on the throne in the big Coiisseum,
that grows like a thing of beauty out of
the gray sands of the shores of Lake
Michigan; but the presentation of his
name will give the friends of sound money
an opportunity of discussing the proposi
tion upon the floor of the convention and |
of warning the Democracy of the Nation
of the .peril in which it stands by its repu
diation ot sound money.
But notwithstanding this carefully pre
pared plan I do nov think that the advo
cates of sound money will be given a hear
ing at all. The Altgeld gag wiil beanplied
to them. The chairman of the convention
and the manipulators cf the silver linhton
the floor wiil so arrange matters as to j
choke off debate upon every proposition, j
and tney will do this ;n parliamentary man- ,
ncr as well. For instance, should a gold !
man ofTar an ait.. ro tb<* platforui |
some silver iesJer immediately after the \
question has been stated by the chair will !
move to lay the amendment of the gentle : |
man from New York on the table. A mo- I
tion to lay on the table not being debat
able, the question wiil be put, the {notion
will be carried with a whoop, and the
gentleman from New York will taks his
seat with a very red face and a bewildered
air. In any other case the previous ques
tion will be called for and debate will thus
be cut off.
By such tactics as these very carefully
prepared Governor Altgeld and his col
leagues expect to rush the business
through within two days. The Governor
does not believe in a grand-stand finish.
He prefers the Napoleonic tactics of mass- i
ing all his forces upon the enemy's weak- !
est point and crushing him at one charge.
This programme will be carried out to the ;
letter, notwithstanding the protest and re- '
monstrances of the advocates of sound j
money. There can be only one result.
Thf.v 1-time conscientious Democrats who
will y^ ■ thus dragooned and trampled un
der 1.-- v (while they may not walk out of
th<- J vtntion as did some of these con
vei. "^ . advisers in St. Louis) will go home
ami |^ uiliate the candidates and the plat
forii >Jjj -hioned in such an un-Democratic
way JJ ice- President Stevenson is still in
the §£ .t. His manaters are to impress
uuci c minds 6f the silver delegates that
he i> ,jpi «i always has been in favor of free
coii. -^ ; out practically there are only two
the fight— Bland and Boies. The
oth '^ nay come in for a Viet-Presiden
tial ->, nation.
N. .~i tustanding that all the political
hay 2j > been cut with Boss Altgeld's
sick ~ » id dried ready for use, the coining
cony f • on will lose none of its interest.
It Li -■>, mated' that it will be attended by
the j. *-; L'st number of people that have
ever ;uled any convention in the life
of 1 1 »r» it ion. Telegraph operators tell
me tt^i* he St. Louis convention was dis
tingv«3« l overall its predecessors by the
enon^l s quantity of dispatches tele
TELLER'S CHANCES ARE SLIM
graphed by the newspaper correspondents
to the journals represented by them, the
number of words sent in such special iet
ters running away up into the millions.
They add that from present indications
the Chicago convention will beat even
this record, and I have no doubt that the
San Francisco Call will be an important
factor in this race, so far as the Pacific
Coast is concerned.
The political cartoonists are still en
gaged in having fun with this most re
markable gathering. Tne Inter Ocean por
trays Boss Alteeld with an old-style re
volver in his belt labeiea "Ambition"
tying a bunch of enormous free-silver and
bossism firecrackers to the tail of the
weary Democratic mule. Back of him is a
barrel with Debs' face drawn upon it
filled with firecrackers. The subhead is
"Democracy's enfant terrible; he doesn't
care whether he brings up in the hospital
or not if he can only sky that neighbor
hood." The jocose grin on the face of the
Governor is in striking contrast to the
weary, sleepy expression ol the disgusted
mule.
The Tribune has a strip running across
the page representing incidents in the
career of "Pitchfork" Ben Tillman of
South Carolina. In one place he is repre
sented with bis pitchfork trying to pry up
the silver dollars cemented to the floor of
a fashionable saloon. In another place he
is seen wi;h the same instrument fishing
for the cherry in the bottom of his cock
tail glass.
Delegates arriving from the Eastern sea
coast and high altitudes and from the
balmy West are suffering very much from
the heat and many cases of prostration
have been reported at the hotels. Yester
day ci>;ht well-seasoned residents of Chi
cago were sunstruck on the streets. One
of them died instantly and the others
were taken to the hospitals, and yet the
mercury did not rise above 87 degrees
Fahrenheit. This would be counted
very cool weather in many parts of the
San Joaquin Valley in California, where
men and women pick grapes all day with
the mercury standing between 102 and 110
in the sbade during the whole season and
where sunstroke is unknown. The Call's
staff of correspondents are feeling very
well and keeping as cool as possible.
John Paul Cosgbave.
GARLAND HAS BACKERS.
The Ex-Attorney-General's Name
Added to the List of Silver Can
didates for the Presidency.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— The name of
A. H. Garland, Attorney-General under
Mr. Cleveland's nrst administration, has
been added to the list of candidates for
the Democratic silver Presidential nomi
nation. The Garland boom is not of the
instructed sort, but in tne Arkansas dele
gation, which is instructed for Bland, the
Kentucky delegation, which is instructed
for Blackburn, in the Tennessee delegation
and other delegations, it is claimed that
he has personal friends who are putting in
quiet Out effective work in his behalf. His
supporters only intend to name him as a
candidate in the event that the leading
men become so deadlocked that it may be
deemed the part of wisdom to cast them
all aside and take up some new man with
no antagonisms and adverse record to
contend against. They claim that ex-
Senator Garland was an original silver
man with a clear record on that subject in
the United States Senate and that he
gained a wide acquaintance with public
men and affairs during his service in
Washington, which fully qualified him
for the nomination.
THE NATIONAL COMMITTEE
Chairman Harrlty Calls a Meeting
nfor Monday to Settle the Ter-
porary Organization.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3. — Chairman
Harrity has called a meeting of the Na
tional Committee for Monday next, at
which the matter of the temporary organi
zation will be settled.
B. B. Smalley of Vermont, replying to
the question. "What will the committee
do?" said: "Why, do as they have always
done. The members can do nothing else.
1 am going to support the nominee of this
convention, but I don't propose to be told
by anybody how I shall discharge my
duties as a member of the National Com
mittee. I have no responsibility after
that is done. I recognize the fact that I
am but one of a small and powerless mi
nority, which can only wait and see what
the triumphant majority will do."
BOIES LOOKS CONFIDENT.
With Beaming Countenance Ke
Departs for the Scene of
Strife at Chicago.
WATERLOO, lowa, July 3.— Governor
Boies left for Chicago to-night at 7:30
o'clock unescorted. A« usual, h« had
nothing to say, but his countenance
beamed with a smile that betokened con
fidence in the result of the convention.
Mr. Boies has spent the past week hand
line and answering the great volume of
mail matter that is arriving from all sec
tions of the country. It is understood that
he will not enter the convention as a dele
gate at large, having delegated t' at duty
to Judge Van Wagenen of Grand Rapids.
BLACKBURN'S AMBITION
Would Probably Be Satisfied With
Seoond Place on the Demo
cratic Ticket.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July a— While it
i 3 generally believed that Blackburn's
name will be presented for first place on
the ticket, the Kentuckians will keep an
eye out for combinations by which they
may receive second honor. It is known
the Senator would be content with this
recognition, and not only that, but would
be glad to have it. It may be expected
that the oulk of effort by his friends in
Chicago will be directed to this end.
Qrntry Mutt Hany.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 3.— Judge
Yerkes, in the Court of Oyer and Terminer
to-day, overruled the motion for a new
trial in the case of James B. Gentry, who
was convicted on Saturday last of tue
murder of his fiancee, Margaret W. Drvs
l dale — known on the atage as Madjre York
j —and sentenced Gentry to be hanged. The
prisoner bore every appearance of great
suffering and cried bitterly while the
Judge was pronouncing the death sen
tence.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Will Not Be Able to Gain
the Support of the
Democrats.
MUST RUN INDEPENDENT
IN THE RACE.
The Chcago Conventioi Will
Not Go Outside the Party
for a Torchbearer.
BLAND MEN DO NOT FEAR THE
COLORADAN.
Gold Advocates Make a Poor Showing
and May Eventually Take to
the Woods.
The Call's Headquarters, 1
The Auditorium. >
Chicago, 111., July 3.)
The vigor with which the Teller men
are urging hia candidacy for the Demo
cratic Presidential nomination by the Na-
I tional Democratic Convention is causing
j much speculation among the other forces.
j It is not believed possible, however, that
j the Colorado silver statesman can secure
! the coveted prize. Tbere are too many
! wiiite-metal candidates in the field for the
: Democracy to ser.rch outside for a chief
| torchbearer. Still the matchless energy
; of the Teller people must be admired; even
if they do not succeed in having him nom
inated for President by the convention
they will have considered that they have
I won a great victory, and will doubtless
! gracefully retire and go before the country
!on an independent silver platform. It
| was lately thought that the Teller boom
had been punctured, but when Senator
Stewart of Nevada got into town ha
plugged up the boles, filled the balloon up
full of fresh air and started Teller up
afresh.
Senator Stewart was asked if he would
have the Democracy boom the silver party
I of the country and he replied :
;'lt; 'lt was a silver party under Jefferson
i and Jackson. If you mean by a silver
' party a party which is in favor of the frse
i and unlimited coinage of both gold and
silver at a ratio of 16 to 1, without asking
peimission of the mother country, then
this would not prevent the Democratic
party from returning to the usages and
j customs of the better days of the Repub
| lie by repudiating the usurpations of
i Cleveland, whicn are consolidating the
powers of the Government in the execu
tive, nor would it interfere with the re
turn to an economical and honest admin
j istration of the Government. All these
things would be done by the true Democ
racy, which would return to the money of
the constitution and follow the teachings of
I Jefferson. This ougnt to be done willing-
Ily Dy every Democrat in the land unless
j he can discover something in Cleveland's
administration which would have been
approved by Jefferson. In short, if Dem
ocracy is instrumental in rescuing the
I United States from the government of an
! alien gold syndicate through the instru
j mentality of banks, money-changers,
stock-jobbers and gold gamblers it must
repudiate not only the administration of
I the man from Buffalo, but also that of his
predecessors for the last twenty years, and
become a Jeffersonian party by observing
the principles which he inculcated and
repudiating the alien rascality and imbe
cility of the servants which the money of
aliens has been putting in the White
House for the last two decades."
"Do you find much sentiment here in
favor of Senator Teller's nomination?"
"Nearly every man I met here was for
Teller if the other fellow was, but he did
J not know what his neighbors thought
I about it, and he did not want to say until
! somebody else had said before him. This
j is the language of the multitude, but later
| in the day I saw a goodly number of men
I who seemed anxious to have it known that
they were in tavor of Teller and succes3
i and opposed to taking any chances of de
j feat. I think when the delegates get to
j gather and talk it over they will come out
all right and nominate a candidate who
will make Hanna think his candidate has
the habit of the crawfish, which crawls
backward."
The Bland men are not very much
alarmed over the turn the boom has taken.
They still believe that their candidate,
who is now in the lead, will have no
trouble in winning out. Consequently
; they look with indifference upon the as
pirations of other candidates.
'"We are not worrying over the senti
ment which is being developed in favor of
j Teller," says Senator Farns, the Bland
1 boomer of Missouri. "Now, he is a great
man, and should he ever become President
of the United States, the bimetallic sys
tem of money adopted by the Democratic
fathers in harmony with the constitution
! would be restored as early as possible.
The election of Mr. Teller would be a great
victory of the masses over the classes, and
no man would rejoice more over the
triumph than Mr. Bland. If the free-silver
delegates to the convention think that he
(Teller) is right on the financial question,
| and ti at he would poll the largest vote,
Mr. Bland's personal interest will not
stand in the way of success. But the
friends of Mr. Bland believe that he is the
strongest roan before the country to-day
and feel that he can be elected."
W. A. Clark, the Montana millionaire
and chairman of the delegation from that
State, arrived at the Auditorium Annex
to-day and engaged an expensive flat on
the parlor floor of that magnificent hotel.
Mr. Clark is mentioned as a Vice-Presi
dential possibility. When I saw him to
day, however, he casually observed that
Montana had no candidate. The mem
bers of the Montana delegation, however,
would be very glad to have Mr. Clarlc
nominated for the second place on the
ticket. He is a liberal spender and would
not be averse to going down into his sack
to help the Democratic cause, especially
because of the party stand upon the finan
cial question. There are six delegates
f roru Montana and they come unpledged.2
to the convention. Of course they are
out-and-out silver men and not; ing less
than a free and untrammeled declaration
for free coinage of the white metal on a
-reasonable ratio will satisfy them.
"We are not in favor of any particular
candidate," said Mr. Clark, "but will
accept any man who is for the free coinage
of gold and silver with the ratio of 16 to 1.
We will accept no overtures from the gold
men. We have the convention in our
grasp and propose to hold it. How about
David B. Hill as temporary chairman of
the convention? We don't want him, we
will nominate a silver man for that place.
Why should we concede anything to the
gold people? Why should we concede
anything to the enemy? There is no ne
cessity for it. We are in the majority.
Besides, they will make no concessions to
us. Montana has declared absolutely and
unequivocally for silver. All the delegates
will be here next Sunday morning in ad
dition to 200 members of different bi
metallic clubs of the State, headed
by the Montana band. I want to say
to you that this is one of the best bands in
the country. It will give several concerts
here, and the people will be able to judge
of its merit. Montana proposes to do
everything it can to swell the rising tide
for gold and currency, and the people of
that State believe that a silver platform
with a silver candidate will result in a
silver victory."
Mr. Clark is a keen, active little man
and wears a bunch of whiskers on his
chin.
Dr. Mullinix of Oregon is making an en
ergetic canvass in the interest of ex-Gov
ernor Pennoyer of that State. The doctor
says he will present the name of the Web
foot statesman to the convention in the
most eloquent speech of his life, and it
may be said right here that the doctor
is a good silver talker. He is not averse
to Stephen M. White of California for sec
ond place on the ticket, but says that Pen
noyer will accept no compromise. In a
preamble which Dr. Muilinix hands out
to the delegates to the convention he pre
sents the history and virtues of the ex-
Governor of Oregon in the following lan
guage;
"Pennoyer of Oregon — a Democrat of the
Jeffersonian school — born in the State
of New York in 1831, graduated at the
Law School, Harvard, in 1854, came to
Oregon in 1855. eventually engaging in the
lumber business. Elected Democratic Gov
ernor in 1886 by 2500 plurality ; re- elected
in IS9O by over 5000 plurality; elected as
the regular Democratic and Populist can
didate for Mayor of Portland June 1, 1896,
by a plurality of over 2000. After
being elected Mayor without previous
pledge or promise, he voluntarily reduced
his own salary one-half to meet tne fall in
prices and values resulting from the sin
gle gold basis. He refused to call out
the militia during a threatened railroad
riot, insisting that if the company would
pay its men ptace would be preserved.
•Pay your men,' he said, and the men
were paid. He has always favored equality
in the coinage and use of standard money
of both the money metals of the constitu
tion and an equality of protection to the
waee-earner as welt as the manufacturer
and producer in the adjustment of revenue
taxation, rie defended the clearly re-
Berved riphts of trie Siates against at
tempted Federal executive domination in
his celebrated dispatch, 'I will attend to
my business; let the President attend to
his.'
The scene about the hotel corridors to
night is one of great excitement. The sil
ver''rooters" are making the night hid
eous. They hold absolute sway and the
gold men are not in it for a minute. It is
quite evident that the sentiment of the
majority of the people who are gathered
in Chicago for the great National Demo
cratic pow-wow next week is with the sil
verites. The gold men are making a poor
showing and there is no question but that
eventually they will be obliged to take to
the woods. Frank McGcire.
CANNOT AFFECT SILVER.
Cold Advocates to Bs Governed by
Men Who Have Championed
the Yellow Metal.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— The arrival of
the New York delegation to-night had no
noticeable effect upon the situation, it
was thought in some quarters that the
• New Yorkers might create some change,
but the fact is few people took notice of
their arrival, despite the fact that tney
came into town on a special train.
Senator David B. Hill, who is being put
forward by the gold people for temporary
chairman, has a parJor at the Palmer
House, while William C. Whitney went to
roost at the Auditorium. Neither had
anything new to say.and both early retired
to rest. They feel, however, that they
have been vanquished and that the gold
men will be an ignominous quantity in the
convention next week.
The indications are that the meeting of
the gold men at the Auditorium to-morrow
will in no way affect the silver interests. It
will be governed by the men who have
long since been shouting for the yellow
metal. Bland is still in the lead, with
Boies a close second. Matthews and Mc-
Lean have been placed in the icechest in
order to cool their enthusiasm. The siiver
men are strenuously opposing the appoint
ment of David B. Hill as temporary chair
man of the convention. The name of
Governor Altgeld has just been sprung as
the permanent chairman of the organiza
tion.
The pictures of Stephen M. "White of
California and Sylvester Pennoyer of Ore
gon will adorn the walls of the hotel cor
ridors on Sunday. Both are prominently
mentioned for second place on the ticket.
Either would not be acceptable to the Na
tional Democracy. Frank McGcibb.
FOR SILVER AND TELLER,
Colorado Fl&hters and Democratic
Delegates Depart for the
National Convention.
DENVER, Colo., JulyS.— This evening
the final contingent of Colorado silver
fighters departed for Chicago, accompany
ing the Democratic delegates to the con
vention. Many prominent Republicans
nre In the crowd and they go to urge silver
first and Teller second.
Otto Mears, a very skillful State manager
of the Republican party politics, said to
day: "I shall go to work for silver and
Teller, but I am prepared to support any
Democrat who is square on silver. The
State is for a financial policy independent
of any other nation and wiil support the
ticket which declares for that. No Mc-
Kinley crowd can fool Colorado voters
now. It is too late."
A singular feature developed to-day in
the story of a rope which was used in
dragging Senator Teller's carriage through
the streets on the night on his great ova
tion. The six white horses were taken
from the carriage, though the parade
managers strenuously objected, and the
vehicle was drawn along the line of march
by shouting men and boys. The rope dis
appeared and a search was Instituted for
it, and only ]ate to-day it was discovered,
securely held by a member of the delega
tion which left for Chicago to-night. The
rope will be in evidence there next week.
Senator Teller repeats that he has never
believed very strongly in this effort to
place bis name before the Democratic
Convention. He, of course, would accept
the tender because he believes it is an evi
dence of the union of the common people
against the money power, but ho also be
lieves that if a silver Democrat is named
the silver men must support that nominee
regardless of party.
To Colorado people this growing Teller
boom is a great surprise and while they
would unitedly rejoice in hi 3 nomination
few expect it Even the Colorado dele
pates do not believe Teller will be nomi
nater nor are they persistently asking it,
bnt they will cheerfully accept him if the
National Convention chooses to indorse
him. The main question of the silver
issue being above candidates has not been
lost sight of for a moment. Colorado has
been dead in earnest on the financial
question for some time and party candi
dates are not discussed.
Senator Teller is resting at the home of
his brother and requests that he be per
mitted to rest. To-morrow night he has
consented to deliver the dedicatory ad
dress of the Eisteddford Auditorium at
Arlington Park and he will there address
the people on the issues of the day. Later
in the campaign, if he is not nominated in
Chicago, he will make a tour of the States
of lowa, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio, speak
ing for a silver platform and a silver can
didate.
POSITION OF TELLER.
Views As to His Possible Nomina
tion by the Democrats Defined
in a Letter to Dubois.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— Senator Teller's
position, as regards his possible nomination
by the National Democratic Convention is
clearly defined in the following letter which
was given to the press by Senator Dubois
to-day :
Mobrisov, 111., June 24.
Hon. Fred Dubois, Springfield, lll.— Deab Sir:
I reached this place yesterday and will remain
until the last of the week, when I will leave
for Denver. I notice the gold -standard Dem
ocrats have declared their intention to control
the Chicago convention. Ido not think they
can do it. If our silver friends control
the convention and give us a good silver man,
as I think they will, I think he would have the
active support of all who believe the money
question is the great question before the
American people.
We must, for this campaign at least, overlook
all minor differences and put the country on %
sound financial system that recognizes that
gold and sliver are the moneys of the constitu
tion. I believe this can be dove, and to that
end we will bend all our energies. A little
more patriotism and little less partisanship is
what our country needs at this time. The
friends of silver made no mistake at Bt Louis
and we must not make a mistake as to our
future allegiance with otber advocutes of
silver. The cause is of too much importance to
admit of carping or criticism. We must all get
together and act together until the battle is
won. It will be a royal battle with justice on
our side. We must win. Let me hear from
you soon. Yours truly, H. M. Teller.
GOLD FORCES CONFER.
It Only Results In a Decision to
Appoint Sub-Ccmmltt6es for
Missionary Work.
CHICAGO, 111.. July 3.— After all the
talk about the sensational happening that
might be expected from the conference of
the gold forces, led by William C. Whit
ney, the meeting to-night of Mr. Whitney
and those who are with him in bis en
deavor to secure some concessions from
the triumphant silver men resulted in
nothing more than a decision to appoint
sub-committees to do missionary work
with the incoming delegates.
For three hours Mr. Whitney and the
gold men discussed the situation, and al
though frequent applause drifted out
into the corridors from the parlors where
they held their secret session, there was
practically little developed to give hope
that the situation had undergone any
change, or that anything might be ex
pected from the silver forces.
It was 8:30 o'clock when Mr. Whitney's
cohorts assembled in a parlor of the Audi
torium and it was three hours later before
the doors were opened at the adjournment
of the meeting. Whatever of hope they
had at the beginnine did not progress one
iota during the time the conference lasted.
About 150 gold men were there and the
largeness of their number gave them some
encouragement at the outset.
Mr. Whitney called them to order in a
short speech. He explained that the
meeting was the result of invitations
issued by him and said the purpose was
to have a preliminary talk and secure re
ports from the various States, with a view
to getting at the general situation. At
his suggestion, Senator Gray of Delaware
was made permanent chairman of th<»
conference and Ben T. Cable of Illinois
and John A. Read of Pennsylvania were
elected secretaries.
The conference proceeded to its business
at once. The States were called alphabet
ically and somebody responded from
nearly every State. The jiold men frankly
admitted after the conference that not all
the responses were from regularly elected
delegates to the convention, but all the
men who did respond were representative
of the sections for which they spoke.
Those who told of the local situations
were listened to attentively, and some of
the remarks were applauded.
There was no lack of oratory, for Hon.
John E. Fellows of New York, one of the
most brilliant speakers iv the country, ad
dressed the meeting at length. In a beauti
ful word-picture he painted the disaster
that was sure to follow if the Democratic
Convention insisted in pursuing ■ the
course the majority of its membership had
marked out. He spoke of the loyalty of
the New York Democracy and its grand
record of the past, but warned those pres
ent from other parts of the country that
the sturdy allegiance of the party in that
State would be sorely tried if it was com
pelled to support a ticket that represented
all that New York thought was unsafe and
unsound.
There was a natural indisposition among
those present to tell what was said by the
various speakers, for the reason that the
gathering was called to enable the gold
men to get 'acquainted with each otber
and with the sentiment that prevailed in
the various sections of the country. In
accomplishing this plain language was
used, and men were urged to give the un
varnished truth regarding the situation in
their States. During this interchange of
views it was apparent from the tone of the
men from the South that there was a
strong fear that if a free-silver candidate
on a free-silver platform was nominated
the Democracy would lose several of those
States. Especially was this claimed to be
true of some of the border States of Mary
land, West Virginia and Kentucky. Ten
nessee was also represented to be in the
greatest danger.
A number of the men from the South
ern States and not an inconsiderable num
ber from the East were in favor of bolting
the ticket, but this subject was not re
ferred to by such men as Mr. Whitney,
Mr, Harrity and Mr. Dickinson. Ex-Gov
ernor Flower was a little more outspoten.
He declared that he did not propose to be
bound |a hi 3 political conduct by the doc
trines of the Populist party, and if the
Democratic party saw fit to adopt a plat
form and name a candidate who was ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
pledged to the cardinal principles of that
party, he, for one, did not propose to sup -
port it.
This outspoken statement from so prom -
inent a Democrat was seized at once by
others less known in the party's counsels
as a declaration of a bolt, and some one
asked Senator Hill what he bad to say on
the subject. The Senator took the edge
off the remarlc of his distinguished col
league by simply saying it has always
been his plan in political campaigns not
to borrow trouble and never to cross a
bridge until he reached it. This rather
non-committal answer was taken as an
intimation that the Senator not pre
pared to say that he would. bolt.
From other sections came the positive
declaration that the integrity of the party
and the honor of its representatives de
manded that the minority of the conven
tion give the people an opportunity to ex
press their sentiments at the polls by vot
ing a Democratic ticket that was in conso
nance with the traditions of the party
which had always stood for the best money
that the Government could provide.
Tuere is no denying the fact that the
outcropping of a desire to Bee a bolt was
manifest, but to what extent it may de
velop is to-night a matter for conjecture
only.
The leaders will not admit that a possi
ble bolt exists, even in embryo, but they
do state that the gold men are intensely in
earnest and have by no means given up
the fight. One of the most prominent
men at this conference, after it was over,
stated that the anti-silver men bad not un
derestimated the strength of the silver ele
ment, but hoped they would siill listen to
reason and the arguments that the gold
standard men would advance.
But those wordy proceedings finally
came to an end and the conferees before
adjournment did some matters that may
develop important results, although they
are of a routine character. It was arranged
that what is known as the "clubroom" of
the Palmer House should be maintained
as a permanent headquarters for the gold
people to meet delegates and others who
might desire to call. It was also agreed
that those who attended the conference
should assemble every night at the Audi
torium at 8 p. m. for secret sessions to de
termine future procedure.
An exception to this rule will be made
to-morrow on account of the gold mass
meeting to be held in the Auditorium
Theater, and to-morrow's conference will
be held at 11 a. m.
As soon as all the gold delegates arrive
a caucus will be again held — a sort of
erand rally— at which the plans of Mr.
Whitney and bis supporters will be
matured.
To-nigUt's conference did not get down
to any figures; it was more in the form of
a preliminary talk. All those present to
night say this, but will not make any pre
dictions.
The most prominent Democratic leaders
present were:
New York— Senator Hill, ex-Governor
Flower, ex-Lieutenant Governor W. F.
Sheehan, Hon. John R. Fe.lows, ex-Mayor
Hugh Grant, William C. Whitney, Wil-
C. Baldman, Chairman Hinckley of the
State committee and James J. Martin.
Indiana — Ex-Congressman Bynum,
Jacob Manzies, John T. Dye, Green Smith.
Delaware — Senator Gray.
Oregon— Acting National Committee
man Holman.
Michigan— Ex-Postmaster-General Don
M. Dickinson.
Pennsylvania — Chairman Harrity of the
National Committee, Charles E. Ingersoll.
Missouri— Ex-Governor Francis, General
J. C. Prather.
Wisconsin— E. C. Wall, General Edward
F. Bragg.
Massachusetts— William E. Russell, ex-
Governor John E. Russell.
Vermont — National Commltteman Smal
ley.
West Virginia — Governor McCorkle.
Kentucky — Congressman Asa A. Car
ruth.
Illinois — Comptroller of the Currency
Eckels, National Committeeman Cable,
Postmaster Hesing, ex-Mayor Hopkins,
Henry C. Robbins, leader of the Illinois
Sound Money League.
Washington — National Committeeman
Hugh C. Wallace.
Alabama, lowa and Ohio were also repre
sented.
ONE LITTLE PROGRAMME.
It Proposes to Give the Gold Stan-
dard Men an Exceedingly
Short Shrift.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— A brief, snappy
convention, debate cut off by the previous
question — "short shrift" and a speedy de
parture to the happy hunting grounds for
the gold standard men — is the programme
mapped out and openly promulgated by
those who assume to have in ti.eir hands
the control of the approaching National
Democratic Convention. And they
prophesy this with the utmost confidence
feur days before the meeting of the con
vention anc with barely one-tbird of the
delegates present in the convention city.
This is the talk wherever the silver men
congregate, and they claim they can have
everything their own way. That is when
they secure a two-thirds majority in the
convention.
Just now they fall a few votes short of
the requisite number to give them undis
turbed control and Michigan seems to be
the pivotal point. If the four gold dele
gate at large and the two contested gold
votes from one of the districts could be
disposed of the silver men could enforce
the uuit rule in the Michigan delegation
and thus could control the convention and
nominate any man they agreed upon in
caucus. The difficulty lies in the fact that
the regularity of the election of the Michi
gan gold men is conceded by even the
most rampant silverites. They frankly
confess that Don M. Dickinson outwitted
them and captured the convention, al
though they assert that the delegates in
structed for gold are personally in favor
of silver and would so vote if uninstructed.
The silver leaders admit an unwilling
ness to imperil the popular wave which
they claim is sweeping over the West and
South in their favor by resorting to any
qnestionable tactics for the unseating of
delegates known to be fairly chosen, and
they are looking around for means by
which to capture the necessary two-thirds
in some other way.
The strange fact remains that, according
to all accepted gossip around headquarters
and with New York not heard from, it is
assumed tnat the action of the Chicago
convention has been settled in advance
with as much certainty as was that of the
Republican convention at St. Louis.
The latest slate passed around is: For
President, Henry M. Teller of Colorado;
for Vice-President, John B. McLean of
Ohio; for temporary secretary and perma
nent chairman of the convention, Senator
"Joe" Blackburn of Kentucky.
Borne of Senator Blackburn's friends do
not limit his aspirations by acceding him
the chairmanship of the convention. Phil
Thompson says lie will be pushed for the
Presidency ami that ex-Congre-sman John
S. Reaof Owensboro, Ky., will place him
in nomination.
SILVER MEN
IN CONTROL,
Free Coinage to Be the Key
note of the Chicago
Platform.
IT WILL BE CONCISE.
Platitudes Are Not to Have a
Place Among Those Who
Frepare Planks.
RIVAL CHIEFTAINS ARRIVING.
Gold Forces Headed by the New
Yorkers Propose to Fight to
the Last Ditch.
HIADQCARTKBS UNITED PRESS, )
Herald Building, V
Chicago. 111., July 8.)
It looks as though the Chicago Demo
cratic Convention would be quite as lop
sided as the recent Republican gathering
at St. Louis. There has been no break to
day in the monotony ot the signs and
tokens of what is to happen. It is to be a
free silver convention. Moreover, with
surprising unanimity the controlling men
of Eastern and Southern delegations have
declared their preference for Teller.
Nearly all his associates or former asso
ciates in the Senate who believe in free
coinage are giving him their support.
The list includes Turpie of Indiana, Jones
of Arkansas, Harris ot Tennessee, Walsh
of Georgia, Chilton of Texas and Cockrell
of Missouri.
When the Eastern delegates and friends
of the gold standard reach Chicago they
will find the silver men have absolute con
trol of the situation.
Conferences have been frequent daring
the day. Out of all this consultation but
one concrete fact seems to have been
evolved. The platform will be concise,
short and clear cut, without so much as
an ambiguous word that can be miscon
strued into meaning anything other than
an out and out declaration for the free and
unlimited coinage of silver at a ratio of 16
tol.
Senators Jones of Arkansas, Bate and
Harris of Tennessee, Blackburn of Ken
tucky, Tillman of South Carolina and
Cockrell of Missouri, Senator-elect Money
of Mississippi, Representative Richardson
of Tennessee and Hon. John R. McLean
have been in conference during the day,
and all are agreed that the financial plank
shall be given that prominence which its
importance demands, and that its text
shall be so short and its meaning so fixed
and determined that he who runs can
read it understandingly.
"Platitudes will tte eschewed by this
convention," said Senator Jones of Arkan
sas to-day. "The silver men represent
the plain people of the country, the think
ing masses, and our declaration will be
such that no man can jugg!e with its
meaning or seek to represent it as some
thing that it is not This convention is
to be run by the silver men ; we are in
control and everything that is done will
be by the consent of the majority only.
This situation might as well be accepted
by the minority at once. The minority
will be accorded all its rights and will be
part and parcel of the Democratic con
vention, but the voice of the majority is
the voice of the party in the convention."
When asked if he had any fear of the
delegates being weaned from their allegi
ance to silver, Mr. Jones replied with a
negative that was emphatic and con
vincing as to the sincerity of his own
views.
"If the gold men are hoping to be suc
cessful in proselyting among the silver
men," he continued, "it is high time they
understood the character of the timber of
which this convention will be constructed.
The delegates to the convention are men
who can neither be bought nor bulldozed.
They are rirm in the faith and nothing can
shake their loyalty to the cause which they
put above all other political questions.
Long months ago when we first organized
the silver movement in Washington we
took care to provide against such influ
ences, and wrote our people in every dis
trict to see that strong men were selected
as delegates."
While there seems to be no concentra
tion upon any one for temporary chair
man, the general opinion is that either
Senator Harris or Representative Richard
son, both of Tennessee, may be made
permanent chairman and that Senator
Blackburn of Kentucky may be tempo
rary chairman. All these gentlemen
are good parliamentarians, Mr. Harris
having been president pro tempore of the
Senate, Mr. Kichardson a frequent and ex
perienced occupant of the Speaker's chair
during the two terms of Speaker Crisp, and
Mr. Blackburn having frequently presided
over the Senate.
Concerning the report that the National
Committee intended to attempt to force a
gold standard man upon the convention
for temporary chairman Mr. Richardson
said to-day:
"Nothing of the kind will be done. Of
course, we recognize the fact that the
committee, as at present constituted, is
against silver, but the committee will be
very apt to remember, also, that the con
vention is largely the other way. If it de
cides by a majority vote to recommend to
the convention a gold man the minority
of the committee will offer a substitute
naming a eilver man. When the commit
tee makes its report to the convention this,
substitute will be offered, and a substitute
is always voted on first. The substitute
will be adopted, and if there is to be a
brush about this question it will be short
and quick and result in a sweeping vic
tory for the silver men."
Governor Altgeid's idea that the con
vention can complete its work in one day
is scouted by experienced politicians.
One of them said this afternoon that while
he was in favor of reasonable haste, he
recognized the fact that It required time to
carefully transact the business of a Na
tional Convention. The platform would
cause some debate, depending entirely
upon the pleasure of the convention, exer
cised through the gavel of the chairman.
It is not improbable that some prominent
person representing the gold side of the
question will be selected to antagonize tie
report of the committee on resolutions,
and with that single speech discussion
will end. This will be accomplished by a
motion from the floor demanding the
previous question, which will be promptly
put and carried.
While all reasonable expedition is de
sired by those having control, no one of
gooa judgment predicts less than a three
days' session.
GOLD AND SILVER MEN.
Chieftains of the Rival Factions
Lining Up In Chicago for the
Battle R jyal.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— The most at
tractive event of the day and the most
important from the standpoint of the
anti-free-silver members of the party as
sembled in the convention city was the
arrival of the advance quant from the
Eastern States, principally New York,
representing the nold-standari minority.
Their leader, towering in stature and in
fluence, was William C. Whitney. The
distinguished party arrived at the Audi
torium annex Hotel at the same time that
several other influential gold and silver
delegates and on-lookers were unloaded at
the Auditorium proper, and the scene in
the rotundas of both hotels was an ani
mated one until the guests scattered to
their rooms. At 5 o'clock the 'busload of
the Whitney party drew up in front of
the hotel, where the former Secretary of
the Navy has engaged almost the whole of
the parlor floor — Line bedrooms and six
parlors — for the cause of "sound money"
and the Democracy. In less than half an
hour Mr. Whitney reappeared in the ro
tunda. When asked if he had any state
ment to make to the press Mr. Whitney
said:
"I shall have nothing to say to-day in
the way of an interview. The fact is I
have not anything to add to what I said
for publication in New York on the issue
and the crisis before the party. I don't
know anything new to talk about because
I have been on a train for twenty-four
hours and have just got in to look over
the ground."
Then came Mr. Harrity, the National
Committee chairman, who greeted the
New York gentleman and said he was
Klad to see him in Chicago. Close behind
the Pennsylvania man walked the Presi
dential candidate from Kentucky, Senator
Blackburn, who added his welcoming
words. All tne members of the Whitney
party could not be accommodated at the
annex bo they were quartered at the main
hotel. These were James K. Martin and
ex-Mayor Hugh Grant of New York City.
Ex-Governor Flower, who came with the
party, went to the Palmer House. While
Mr. Whitney was at the elevator waiting to
go into conference witn Mr. Harrity and
others, he was greeted by Colonel S. W.
Fordyce, president of the Cotton Belt
Railroad, who forms one of the gold
standard contingent from Missouri. He
evidently came to the convention at the
request of Mr. Whitney, as he called to the
New Yorker while the car was being
started: "You sent for me and I came.
You see, I always come when you call me,
and I like to oblige my friends."
Senator Hill and ex-Governor Flower
went to the Palmar House, where the State
delegation as a body has a large parlor
reserved for its use as headquarters. Gov
ernor Flower discoursed at some length
upon the financial condition of the
country. He said that free silver was not
the cure for existing evils, but that re
striction of production by farmer and
manufacturer alike was necessary.
"The farmer," he asserted, <; needs above
all things else a short crop to enable him
to sell what he has at good prices. He
has had two or three crops now so bounti
ful that he could not well dispose of them
at remunerative rates. He is the last of
the row of bricks to be knocked down as
the result of the panic of 1893, and who
ever shall be elected President this year
there will be pood times, I believe, in 1897.
But not upon a free silver basis. Diluting
the currency will not restore the condi
tions of good and profitable business.
Credit is the stability and soundness of all
our money and must be maintained."
Governor Flower expressed the opinion
that if the Democratic Convention nomi
nated a candidate upon the free-silver
platform the Republican ticket would
carry New York by 250,000 majority.
"My own county of Jefferson," he said,
"which never, even in Fremont's days,
cave to exceed 3500 majority, will give
5000 to that ticket, I believe, and that is a
rural county, too."
The Governor's interesting talk was in
terrupted by a messenger who whispered
something in his ear which had the effect
of taking him out of the room with much
celerity and he was next heard from in
Senator Hill's room. A card sent to the
Senator wes returned with the statement
on its reverse side, "Just arrived; nothing
to say at the moment."
This afternoon a party of silver advo
cates consisting of Senator Stewart of Ne
vada, Representative Newlands of Nevada
and Hon. George C. Gorham, formerly Sec
retary of the United Btates Senate, called
upon Senators Jones and Cockrell at the
Sherman House to urge the nomination of
Senator Teller as the one man who could
solidify the forces of silver and make the
victory of that metal absolutely certain at
the coming election. So far as the expres
sions of the gentleman visited were con
cerned it is said the visit was not very sat
isfactory. Senators Dubois of Idaho, Petti
grew of North Dakota and Mantle of
Montana and Representative Hartman of
Montana, the bolting delegates from .the
St. Louis convention, have headquarters
at the Great Northern Hotel, whence they
are directing a very active canvass in be
half of Senator Teller. Senator Carter of
Montana is expected to arrive to-morrow.
"The report that Senator Teller had is
sued a letter to the effect that he would
not accept the nomination if it were ten
dered him was denied at the headquarters
during the afternoon, and is conclusively
disproved by the letter from the Senator
published by the United Press.
Mr. Newlands, the silvente Representa
tive from Nevada, is exhibiting to his sil
ver Democratic friends a tabulation as fol
lows: Democratic vote in 1892, 5,600,000;
Democratic vote in the hopelessly cold
States of New York, New England, New
Jersey and Pennsylvania, 1,600,000; Demo
cratic vote in Populist States of the West,
250,000. This leaves a to al of 3,750,000.
Deduct for the Democratic gold vote 20
per cent (750,000) and toe aggregate Demo
cratic tilver vote pledged to tne silver
ticket to be nominated at Chicago amounts
to but 3,000,000. If the silver Democrats
will accept the com burnt ion now offered
by the Teller boomers Newlands pledges
them the following votes: Populist and
silverit* vote on the basis of the vote of
1894, 2,000,000; free-silver Republican vote,
1,000,000; independent vote of organized
labor, 500,000; total for the Teller candi
dacy, 3,500,000; grand total for the ticket
if Teller is namei, 6,500,000.
Ex-Senator Walsh of Georgia has been
in the city tat some days, he bMng one of
the delegates at large from his State to the
Democratic National Convention. A re
porter of the United Press called upon
him to-day at bis hotel in order to obtain,
if possible, his views upon the political
situation. At first he was disinclined to
say anything for publication, but he finally
consented to give his views, and dictated
the following statement:
"It is pretty well understood," he said,
•'that the si'ver forces are determined to
organize the convention. This means
that the temporary and permanent organi
zation will be in the hands of the silver
men. As to the Presidential nomination,
it is not well defined. Mr. Bland seems to
be well in the lead, starting off with the
States of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas
commitied to him. The boom for Gov
ernor Boies does not so far seem to be
effective in securing any decided acces
sions for his candidacy.
"There is a strong undercurrent for Sen
ator Teller as the logical candidate of the
situation. His name is being favorably
presented by prominent Southern Demo
crats. It is urged agai ist him that he is
not a Democrat, and this fact mitigates
against his availability. On the other
band, it is claimed he is the embodiment
of the free-silver clause and that he repre
sents in the most forceful degree the vital
principle of home rule, or local self-gov
ernment. In retiring from the Republi
can convention he exhibited the courage
of his convictions and gave the highest
evidence of devotion a cause to the
triumph of which he believes to be of para
mount interest to the welfare of the peo
ple. His advocates assert that the present
13 an abnormal period in the history of
American politics and that it pre
sents an opportunity for the Demo
catic party to gather within
its fold the Populists and the
free-silver Republicans. They claim his
nomination will bridge the way into the
Democratic fold, and that if he is made
the nominee of the party his election will
be a certainty. The South can furnish 142
electoral votes. Eighty votes more are
necessary to secure the Presidential elec
tion for the candidate of this convention.
Teller's friends affirm in the most positive
manner that if nominated he will carry
every State west of the Missouri and in
addition the States of Indiana, Illinois,
lowa and Michigan. But they are not
confident that these four States can be car
ried for a Democrat. While the leaders in
the Northwest will advocate the nomina
tion and election of a free-silver Democrat
for President, tney doubt their ability to
carry with them the rank and file of the
free-silver Republicans and of the Popu
lists. They assert, however, that with
Teller as the nominee all obstacles would
be removed and all Populists and free
silver Republicans would unite most cor
dially with the Democrats in securing his
election. With Teller aB a leader and a
standard-bearer these men would find no
difficulty in passing over to th« Demo
cratic camp.
"The prominent Southern Democrats
who have been on the grounds for weeks are
carefully considering the situation. The
arguments in favor of Senator Teller's
nomination are listened to with respectful
attention and are given earnest considera
tion. If there was any certainty tt.at a
Democrat could be elected President, Sen
ator Teller would not be seriously consid
ered. The convention cannot afford to
nominate a man who will be defeated.
"Democratic leaders are deeply im
pressed by the presentation made in be
half of Senator Teller and they are giving
the most serious consideration to the
availability of his candidacy in the event
of their becoming satisfied that a Demo
crat cannot be elected. His nomination
will mean that he and his free-silver sup
porters have quit the Republican party
forever. It is confidently asserted that
the amalgamation of the free-silver Re
publicans and the Populists with the
Democrats would cement the union be
tween the great producing sections of the
South and West and would result in
Democratic control of the Federal Govern
ment for a long period of time."
The Missouri delegation of anti-free
silver Democrats, led by ex-Governor
David R. Francis, arrived in town during
the day about a score strong, most of them
being residents of St. Louis. Among them
are Judge Thayer, Justice T. Blair, J. G.
James. A. Siddon, F. W. Lehman and
Colonel S. W. Fordyce. Frank K. Ryan
came with the party, but he is a 16 to 1
advocate, ana wiil be on the floor of the
convention voting for silver and Bland.
Francis, who has been the particular
object of attack by the Missouri free-silver
majority, said to a United Press reporter
after he and his colleagues from that State
bad called to pay their respects to the
Whitney party: "I am a Democrat and
expect to remain one, but as I am against
the 16 to 1 idea I am in Chicago only as an
onlooker. If 1 can be of any service to the
sound-money workers I am here to render
It. Ido not believe m this bolting idea,
and don't believe there is going to be any.
It looks as though the silver men were set
upon running the convention to suit them
selves regardless of party precedent, pre
rogative or principles."
Senator Vest, accompanied by a 'bus
load of fellow-Missourians, arrived at the
Auditorium in the afternoon. He was met
by Colonel Prather, the National Commit
teeman from his State. Just prior to Sen
ator Vest's arrival President Cleveland's
former Postmaster-General, the Hon. Don
M. Dickinson, the leader of the Michigan
gold forces, inscribed his name on the
Auditorium register. Other prominent
arrivals were United States Senator Walt
hall of Mississippi, who said his State and
others soutn of the line were for free silver
and any good man for President who was
for silver; National Committeeman James
A. Wood of South Dakota, Frederick B.
Holman of Oreeon, who holds the proxy
of National Committeeman E. B. McKee
of that State, and eight members of the
Alabama delegation, the latter going to
the Auditorium.
Senator John P. Jones of Nevada was
"APENTiV"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary,
Under the absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture)^ Buda Pest. • . •
"We know of no stronger or more favourably- \ %<^&/z>*t>i4u****
constituted Natural Aperient Water than that I Rcycl Councillor, M.D , Projeuor 0
yielded by the Uj Hunyadi Springs." . . j i^^^si^cTZifJiJ^
(Ministry of Agriculture). Bud* Put.
APPROVED BY THE ACADEMIE DE MEDEOINL, PARIS.
Prices: 10 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, Newark, Sole Agents
of
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
, SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company, Limited. ■
one of the late arrivals this evening. He,
of course, bears ho credentials to the
Democratic Convention, though he some
time since formally announced his release
from the ties of a Republican caucus and
his adheeion to the Republican party as
an xponent of free silver. Senator Jone«
stated emphatically that, so far as he had
been able to gauge the sentiment of the
delegates since his arrival. Teller was the
man ; "And he ons:ht to be," said Mr. Jones.
SILVER MEN CONFER.
Delegates Representing Many
Spates Meet and Discutss a Plan
of Procedure.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— A conference
of silver delegates, numbering seventy
five and representing nearly every State
that sends silver delegates to the National
Convention, was held at the Sherman
House to-night. The meeting was called
to order by Senator Harris of Tennessee
at 8:15 o'clock and adjourned at 10:45.
T. O. Towles, the secretary of the Bi
metallic League, as secretary of the con
ference, on motion of L. L. Haines of
Idaho, called the roll by States and a
number of States not represented at the
former conference held earlier in the week
responded.
Senator Jones of Arkansas', chairman of
the steering committee of five appointed
at tne first conference, reported the result
of their interview with the ezecntive com
mittee of the National Democratic Com
mittee. This interview, he stated, had
not been entirely satisfactory and the
committee would have a further confer
ence with the National Committee.
Senator Jones stated that, in his opin
ion, it was important that all silver dele
gates and their city addresses should be
known, so that if at any time it was
thought necessary to call them together
this could be readily done. The suggestion
was well received and on the roll being
called the following responded: Alabama,
John W. Tomiinson; Arkansas, J. T. Gil
lar; California, W. B. Burke; Colorado,
Thomas O'Donnell; Georgia, Patrick
Walsh; Idaho, L. L. Haines; lowa, C. A.
Walsh; Kansas, David Overmeyer; Ken
tucky, J. C. S. Blackburn; Michigan, G. P.
Hunimei; Mississippi, H. D. Money;
Missouri, A. E. de Armond; Montana, W.
A. Clark; Nebraska, C. J. Smith; North
Carolina, T. J. Jarvis; Oregon, Dr. Mulli
neux, South Carolina, B. R. Tili
rnan; Tennessee, Joseph O. Richard
son; Virginia. P. J. Otey; Washing
ton, W. H. White; Wyoming, J.
Jfi. Osborne; Arizona, Wylie Jones;
Oklahoma, E. S. Mitchell; Utah, O. W.
Powers; Indian Territory, R. L. Olen;
District of Columbia, John Boyle.
Mr. O'Donnell of Colorado, in the course
of a speech urging the importance of the
silver men securing the temorary organi
zation, suggested the name of C. S. Thomas
of his State as temporary chairman. He
created great enthusiasm by saying that
he and the Western silver men wanted a
silver man nominated by silver votes and
not by the votes of the gold bug delegates.
He had an intimation, he eaid, that the
gold men might throw their votes in a
body for some silver man, and, no matter
how good a silver man be might be, nomi
nated by such votes, he would be "queered"
with silver voters. He wanted the silver
men to get together and agree on a candi
date, and then go into the convention and
nominate him by a solid silver vote. This
idea was taken up, and gave rise to quite a
discussion as to how the end suggested
could be accomplished.
The small room in which the conference
met was crowded to suffocation. Con
gressman Swanson of Virginia advocated
a general conference of all silver delegates
unless the committee of which Senator
Jones was chairman could come to some
agreement with the National Committee
as to the temporary chairmanship. He
said it was not certain as yet but that the
silver men would have a majority in the
National Convention and could name the
chairman. But if this were not the case
then the silver minority of the National
Committee could make a minority report
naming a silver man, and this man should
be selected by a general conference of the
silver delegates, and there was not space
enough in the present room to seat them.
A delegate stated with treat emphasis
that a hall large enough to accommodate
all silver delegates had been secured.
When asked to name the hall he evaded
reply.
Senator Tillman of South Carolina said
it was essential to success to have a thor
ough organization, and this organization
could only be had by a conference of all
the delegates who believed in the silver
cause, and he wanted to have the present
conference adjourn to such a hall, After
further discussion it was decided that all
the members of delegations named, with
such others as were in the city at the time,
should call at the Sherman House on
Monday at 2 p. m.
At that hour the committee of which
Senator Jones is chairman would know
the result of the action of the National
Committee, which meets at 10 a. m. Mon
day. If this action should not be satis
factory, then Senator Jones' advice as to
whether a general conference of all silver
men should be called or only a conference
of the chairman of each silver delegation
to select a temporary chairman to be
named in opposition to the National Com
mittee's choice, will be announced.
Senator Jonas read a telegram from P.
B. Winston of Minnesota, amid great ap^
plause, which stated tnat on Monday the
Minnesota delegation would arrive and in
it would be found steven silver menALL DEMOCRATIC
BUT THE LUXURY.
Californians Joined by the
Delegates From Idaho
and Utah.
SENTIMENT FOR BLAND.
Congressman Maguire Tells Why
the Missouri Statesman
Is Favcred.
WAS A CALIFORNIA PIONEER.
During the Ear y Days "Silver Dick"
Sought Gold Up in Amador
County.
GREEN RIVER, Wto., July 3.— The
Utah and Idano delegation joined us a
Ogden. This is now a thoroughly Demo
cratic train in everything but its luxurious
appointments.
All who speak are for silver, and there is
a growing sentiment in favor of Bland fi>r
President. Caminetti and I have been for
him from the beginning. Rawlins of
Utah, who served with us in tbe Fifty
third Congress, announced himself for
Bland also. He is the logical candidate.
For twenty years he has been the foremost
Democratic leader of the silver fight. The
record of his work in Congress is in a large
part the history of the free coinage move
ment. Why should not the issue and the
man whose name has become synonymous
with it be presented together?
It is urged that he is not sufficiently
aristocratic in his appearance and habits.
1 admit that he would not cut as striking
a figure on dress parade or at a gathering
of New York's 490 as some of his critics
would, but he is a grand, honest, rugged,
broad-minded, large-hearted man of the
people. He is a typical Democrat in the
truest sense of the term.
In addition to all this he was a Cali
fornia pioneer and has a warm place in
his heart for our State and her people.
M. Caminetti says:
"Bland is my tirst choice, and I will
support him in the delegation, but I will
vote for any silver Democrat that the
delegation may agree upon. It seems to
me that Bland is the ideal candidate at
this time. He is a man of the highest
personal character, and tne whole coun
try knows his devotion to the silver cause.
Like yourself I am strongly influenced to
support Biand by my personal friendship
for him; but independently of that I
think nim not only one of the best, but
also as the very strongest of the candi
dates before the people. The fact that
Bland lived at Volcano in my county
(Amador) and was a pioneer miner there
is not to be forgotten. Boies is my second
choice, and his silver record is undoubt
edly satisfactory to the whole country.
His came would also be a silver plat
form."
Most of the other delegates are strong
ior silver and will vote for it, but, as to
candidates they are non-committal. They
cannot, however, conceal the growing
feeling that Bland is the man of the
hour
Harry Wise says: "I am in favor of
nominating a strong, conservative man.
Of course I want him to be a man who can
be relied upon to faithfully execute tbe
pledges of the platform. My present choice
among the prominent and available candi
dates is Stevenson."
W. W. Foote will probably be elected
chairman of tbe delegation. An informal
understanding to that effect was reached
this morning. James G. Maguire.
SILVER REPUBLICANS.
Clubs to Be Organized In Kansas
to Champion the White Metal
In the Campaign.
TOPEKA, Kaxs., July 3.— A movement
his been organized here to establish free
silver Republican clubs in all parts of
Kansas, to be known as the "Republican
Silver League." Two hundred Republi
cans of this city have subscribed to tne
tution of the league, which requires
applicants for membership to be former
Republicans, Populists and Democrats not
being admitted. The constitution de
clares that "We are in favor.of the free
coinage of both gold and silver at tne rate
is of 16 to 1", and without asking the permis
sion of any other nation on the face of the
globe."
Organizers are to be put in the field at
once. In Topeka a hail is to be secured
as a permanent home for the league,
where the silver question will be discussed
at regular intervals during the campaign,
and where free silver literature is to be
provided for distribution.
WITH PATRIOTIC WORDS.
Major McKinley Addresses a Dele-
gation of Wage-Earners Who
Call at Canton.
CANTON, Ohio, July 3.— lt was an inter
esting delegation of wage-earners from
Tuscarawas County, numbering about
1000, that called on Major McKinley this
afternoon. They came with flags flying,
dr.ims rolling and bands playing.
In the midst of the procession was borne
aloft a huge sheet ol American bright tin
plate manufactured by one of the mills at
Cantledover. It is the largest sheet of tin
plate ever made in the United States,
its dimensions being 30x144 inches.
Major McKinley was greeted with pro
longed cheering, and in addressing the
crowd said:
"This assemblage is fairly typical ol our
American communities, and it fitly repre
!-ents the varied occupations of the Ameri
can people. You are here not for curiosity
nor from any considerations at all ner
sonal, but you are here because in your
hearts you believe in the great funda
mental doctrines of the Republican
party. [Loud applause.] You believe
that these principles are best for
you when put into practical legislation
and administration. You believe these
principles will secure to all the people the
largest measure of good times, and you
believe that because you recall that for
more than a third of a century those
great Republican principles designated
legislation and administration in this
country, and that during all that period
you have enjoyed exceptional prosperity.
"Here in this country we aie all de
pendent upon each other, no matter what
our occupations may be. All of us want
good times, good wages, good prices, good
markets, and then we want good money
always. When we give a good day's work to
our employer we want to be paid in good
sound dollars, worth 100 cents and no less.
Now whatever policy will bring us back to
these good times is the one that the great
majority of the American people are in
favor of and will so register their votes at
the coming election, and you seem to have
made up your minds what that policy is.
"What I want to see in this country is a
return to that prosperity which we en
joyed for so many years. [Loud and
continued applause.] What 1 want is
to see idle men at work and
at American wages [loud applause], and
the more men you put at work at good
American wages the better markets will
the farmers have and the better prices
will they get for their products."
A delegation of 100 colored men from
Massillon and Stark County called on the
major at 10 o'clock to-night, and were ad
dressed by him. His "address was an
eulogy of Lincoln and his work for the
colored race. He concluded by raying:
"I know you love the great cardinal
principles of the Republican party [a voice,
'You bet your life'], and I am very sure
you will be found at all times standing for
the best things in the Government— that
which will secure the greatest good to the
greatest number." [Applause.]
Dislikes Nevada's Senator. '.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 3.— John T.
Terry, the New York millionaire and di
rector of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, arrived in Seattle in the Balti
more and Ohio private car Annapolis to
day.
AVith his family he has been taking in
tbe sights and pleasures of the Yellow
stone Park. Deprecating the silver senti
ment which he encountered with painful
regularity in his travels throughout the
West, Mr. Terry said: "Stewart from little
Nevada is the head devil in this mis
chievous movement."
CICLUNE AND CLOUDBURST.
Panic- Stricken Picnickers at a New York
Pleasure Resort.
POUGHKEEPSIE, N. V., July 3.— A
cyclone struck Upton Lake Park, a famous
pleasure resort twelve miles east of here,
about 8 o'clock to-night and swept many
light frame buildings away. All tbe boats
on the lane were carried away.
To add to the destruction a cloudburst
occurred and many persons who were row
ing on the lake were rescued with diffi
culty. At one time it looked as if the en
tire number of pleasure-seekers would be
Killed.
Nearly every woman and man fell upon
their knees and prayed until tbe danger
was over. Trains did not attempt to run
while the storm raged, and there was no
shelter for tbe people. The loss is not
Known at present.
DISCOURAGING WORK.
btill No Development* at the Twin Shaft
<'olli+ry.
WIL.KESBARRE, Pa., July 3.— Since 10
o'clock last night there has been little or
no change in the situation at Twin Shaft.
Three shifts worked during the night.
They are still contending with rock and
progress is slow. Tbe air in the shaft cir
culates freely.
Minneapolis Grain Firm Assigns.
MINNEAPOLIS, Mists.. July 3.— The
Kirkbride-Palmer Company, one of the
biggest grain firms of Minneapolis, filed a
deed of assignment to the Minneapolis
Trust Company this afternoon. No cause
for the assignment is given. Common
rumor puts the liabilities at about $60,000.
Professional Swimmer Drowned.
CHESTER, Pa., July 3.— Thomas Coyle,
a professional swimmer and diver, was
drowned at noon to-day in tbe Delaware
River, off the Logwood Mills wharf. He
had a National reputation as a swimmer in
his younger days. His body was recovered
by Captain Williams, a submarine diver.
lowa's Tandem Record Broken.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, July 3.— The
track was fast and good time was made in
all the races. The State tandem record
was broken by Armstrong »nd Philpot of
Otiumwa in 2:19. Attendance, 2500.
Fire at Newman.
NEWMAN, Cal., July 3.— Fire last night
destroyed S. Newman's barn, containing
a span of valuable horses, carriages, har
ness and grain. The loss was $1500.
shocking me in ohio
Farmer's Wife Murdered and
the House Ransacked and
Set on Fire.
The Hired Han Is Missing and the
Country Is Being Scoured
for Him.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July 3.— At an
early hour this morning a party of berry
pickers near Clovedale discovered the
house of William Brader, a gardener, to
be on fire. There was no one visible
about the place, so the berry-pickers went
to work and succeeded In extinguishing
the flames.
On entering the house a horrible scene
was presented. The body of a woman lay
on the floor in a pool of blood with her
throat cut from ear to ear. All around
were evidences of a terrible struggle, the
woman having fought desperately for her
life.
The murderer bad thoroughly ran
sacked the house, and bad then set it
on fire, evidently in the hope that he
would thereby conceal his crime.
The woman was identified by neighbors
as Mrs. Brader. Her nusband left home
at 2 o'clock in the morning with a wagon
load of produce, leaving the hired man De
hind him. The hired man cannot be
founa. He is suspected of being the mur
derer, and the country is being scoured
for him.
FUNDS FOR PUBLIC SURVEYS.
The Secretary of the Interior Makes State
Apportionments.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 3.— The
Secretary of the Interior has apportioned
the appropriation, of $325,000 for public
surveys of States for the fiscal year 1897,
as follows: Arizona, $6000; California,
$15,000; Colorado, $12,000: Idaho, $35,000;
Minnesota. $10,000; Montana, $35,000; Ne
vada, $2500; New Mexico, $17,500; North
Dakota, $15,000; Oregon, $15,000; South
Dakota, $12,000; Utah, $20,000; Washing
ton. $40,000; Wyoming, $35,000; resurveys,
$15,000; examinations, $40,000; reserve,
$10,000.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
Patent* and Pension* for California
and. Washington.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 3.~Patents
have been issued to Californians us fol
lows: HansC. Bohr, Ban Francisco, pump
operating mechanism; Edward L. Brown,
San Francisco, stopper: George B. Davis,
Sierra Madre, freightcar; Edward Doug
lass, San Francisco, closet bowls; Walter
C. Eymann, Anaheim, cookiug stove;
Daniel D. Hayes, Oakland, portable water
tower; W. C. Keithly, San Francisco,
electric railway trolley system; Joseph
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
Mait, Oakland, apparatus for saving and
separating gold; Henry Schauke, San
Francisco, can body soldering machine;
Orrin Taber. San Francisco, Thill coup
ling; Charles E. Van Congbnet, Fort Bid
weil, attachment for anvils.
The following pensions have been issued ;
California: Original — William Dorguo,
Yountville; John E. Bennett, Quiucy;
Charles Lind. Soldiers' Home, Los An
eeles; Isaac G. Gardener, Coluaa; Joseph
Tobin, San Diego. Original widows, etc. —
Elizabeth A. Ingemeier, .Fresno; Nancy
Woods, Kern.
Washington: Orieinal — David R. Jones,
Waterville: James P. Bates, Walla Walla.
Increase— Patrick Flynn, Seattle.
LA BLANCHE WHIPPED.
Frank Moynihan Stops the Marine in
Two Rounds.
JAMESTOWN. N. V., July 3.— Tbe
Celerton Theater was crowded to standing
room to-night to witness the glove contest
between Frank Moynihan of this city and
George A. La Blanche, *'The Marine."
Both men weighed in at 154. Five
ounce gloves were used. In the first
round little was done. The second opened
with a rush by Moynihan, who tried his
right. La Blanche countered with his
left and avoided, but Moynihan rushed
him to the ropes, and after some stiff
short-range fighting knocked La Blanche
down with a right-band swing.
La Blancbe got to his feet, though
groggy, in time to save himself, and Moy
nihan allowed him to stay the round out.
La Blanche refused to fight at tbe call of
time, and Moynihan was awarded tbe
fight.
Princess Cup Winner at Newmarket.
LONDON, Eng., July 3.— At Newmarket
to-day the Princess cup of 200 sovereigns,
either in plate or specie at tbe option
of the winner for two-year-olds, tbe
year-old course (five furlongs and 140
yards) was won by Julius Reiss' Craig Leo.
E. Wishard's George H. Ketcham was sec
ond and Lady Bess third. August Bel
mont's Terpsichore started but was not
placed.
Still Killing Missionaries in China.
SHANGHAI, July 3.— A serious rebel
lion has broken out on the borders of
Kiangsu and Shantung. Rumors are
current that the French missions have
been destroyed and converts scattered.
A German missionary is said to have been
Killed. It is also reported that an Ameri
can or British woman missionary has
been abducted.
The. Saint Wins a Yacht Race.
GOUROCK, Scotland, July 3.— The race
for 20-raters in the Royal Westend of the
Scotland Yacht Club regatta, which was
sailed to-day, was won by the Saint. The
Penitent was second and the Niagara
third.
Christians Defeat Turks.
LONDON, Eng., July 3.— A dispatch to
the Central News from Athens says that
the Christian insurgents have defeated
tbe Turks under Abdullah Pasha at
Djouaries, killing and wounding 200 of
the troops.
Irish Education Bill Withdrawn.
LONDON. E?fo., July 3.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Right Hon. A. J.
Balfour, First Lord of the Treasury, an
nounced the withdrawal from Parliament
of the Irish education bill.
BROWN WORKS CLOSED,
A Day of Grave Anxiety Passes
at Cleveland Without
Bloodshed.
Eugene Debs Is Asked to Deliver an
Oration Over the Grave of
a Striker.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 3.— The; sit
uation at the Brown Hoist Works had an
ominous look this morning. Men gathered
on the corners discussing the killing of
William Rettger. A sin le shot would very
likely have precipitated a bloody riot at
any moment. Tne police were keenly
alive to the gravity of the situation. As
the non-union men got off the cars at the
works they were greeted with cries of
"Scab!" "Scab!" but no violence was of
fered. By actual count seventy -five men
entered the works and forty-five police
men were on guard. Company F and
Company B of the Fifth Regiment
were quartered downtown under "ru-h"
orders, every man having twenty rounds
of ammunition.
As was anticipated by the strikers at
noon the Brown Hoisting Company paid
off the seventy-two men employed by them
and closed the works, saying they would
open Monday wiih 250 men. This, the
strikers say, means that they will not re
open at all.
The funeral of William Rettger, who
was killed yesterday, will be held to-mor
row. Eugene V. Debs has been asked to
deliver the funeral oration.
Albert G. Sauuders, who shot Rettger, is
in a critical condition. He was released
on $10,000 bail. His nose is broken, and
his jaw and body are terribly bruised. One
ear was torn nearly off. The doctors are
doubtful of his recovery.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 3.-The
gold withdrawals to-day amounted to
$466,600, leaving the gold reserve at the
close of business $100,836,756. Of the goM
withdrawn to-day $400,000 went to Canada.
San luis omsro's gais.
Will Soon Acquire a Branch of a Stcitt
erlnnd Bank.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., July 3.—
Henry Brunner, a banker of this city,
and Antonio Tognozzini, a capitalist of
Guadaiupe, leave to-morrow morning to
establish a bank at Locarno. Switzerland,
with a capital of $1,000,000, of which $300,
-000 is paid.
The institution will be of great financial
aid to San Luis Obispo County, as these
gentlemen desire to secure the benefit of
unlimited Swiss accumulations by having
a branch of the bank in this city.
The scheme is to loan money to Bwiss
residents in the county at very low interest
rates. There are 145 Swiss of means be
hind the scheme.
On the arrival of Brunner and Tognazzini
in San Francisco, they will be given a
banquet by the Swiss Liberal Society.
CRICO DIVORCE SUIT ENDED.
Mra. Urigeoi Gets a Decree and a Di-
vision of Property.
CHICO, Cal., July 3.— The famous Bris
coe divorce case is ended. Judge Gray
rendered a verdict in favor of the plain
tiff, Mrs. Briscoe, on tlie ground of
cruelty.
The main question was as to the divis
ion of the property, amounting to about
$90,000. Mrs. Briscoe receives $10,000 cash,
$2000 counsel fees, the home residence in
Chico and a division of the ranch.
Excursionist* at Pnciftc Grove.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., July 3.— The
annual excursion of the San Francisco
Young Men's Christian Association ar
rived at Pacific Grove at about noon to
day. There were about 500 in the party.
Four hours were spent at the Grove. The
visitors were driven under the giant cy
presses and along the seasnore, spending a
very pleasant day. They returned to San
Francisco in the evening.
ANTI-SILVER MEN
WILL NOT BOLT,
Scenes at St. Louis Will
Not Find a Counter
part at Chicago.
GOLD MEN TO PROTEST.
But They Do Not Intend to
Withdraw From the Na
tional Convention.
KEEPING THE PARTY INTACT.
First S?rious Break in the Ranks of
White-Metal Champions Started
by Indiana.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— lt is positively
stated that the anti-silver men will not
imitate the example of the silver men in
St. Louis and bolt (be convention when
their wishes with regard to the platform
are disregarded, as they are sure to be.
The so-called sound-money men, the
"wise men of the East," as the silver men
have jocularly named them, believe in the
efficacy of the machine in politics and the
necessity of keeping the organization in
tact for the coming campaign. While it
is understood that no bolt will be counten
anced, this is not tantamount to a declara
tion that the gold men will permit the con
vention to go for free silver without objec
tion. A dignified and emphatic protest
will be made against the course the ma
jority are bent upon taking, but after they
have carried the day the gold leaders who
diaaKree with them, it is said, will accept
the ticket and the platform, and the
scenes at St. Louis will find no counter
part at Chicago.
It is also given out to-night from a free
silver source of prominence that the gold
delegation from Michigan will be un
seated, earlier counsels to the contrary
notwithstanding. There has likewise been
developed a concentration of sentiment in
a number of the delegation favorable to
the selection of W. J. Bryan, editor of the
Omaha World-Herald, for temporary chair
man.
The first serious break in the ranks of
the silver men occurred to-night at a
meeting of the Indiana delegation. They
voted not to go into the caucus on Mon
day. Some of Mr. Bland's friends visited
Indiana headquarters this afternoon and
urged the Hooaier delegates to attend the
caucus.
After they had gone, at the request of
several members of the delegation Senator
Turpie, the chairman, issued a call for the
meeting. John Lamb of Terre Haute who,
as alternate-at-large, will occupy the seat
of Senator Voorhees, detained at home by
illness, introduced the following resolu
tion:
Resolved, That the delegation from Indiana
believe that the nominee of this convention
ought to be named by the convention, and we
decline to attend or be bound by the action of
any caucus or conference called lor that pur
pose.
This precipitated the liveliest kind of a
debate, lasting over an hour. The pass
age of this resolution was urged by T.
Lamb, W. E. English, of the Inuianapolis
delegation, and Judge McCabe of the Wil
liamsport District. They took the ground
that the proposed action was in violation
of all precedent and so un- Democratic that
not even the abnormal conditions under
whicb the convention would meet justified
such a radical departure.
Although the Indiana delegation num
bers twenty-six silver men to four gold
men the arguments in favor of the resolu
tion caused many of the twenty-six to look
favorably upon it, and when Senator Tur
pie, the head of the delegation and an
ardent silver man, advocated its passage
the scales turned in its favor, and it was
passed by a small majority. The exact
figures wore not given, for afterward the
opponents of the proposition withdrew
their opposition and the vote was made
unanimous.
THE HENLEY REGATTA.
Yale's Crew Develop a Rapid
Stroke in Their Practice
on the Thames.
Many Mascots Sent 1h m, Including
the Left Hind Foot of a Grave
yard Rabbit
HENLEY, Eng., July 3.— The Yale crew
were out on the Thames at 11:45 o'clock
this forenoon and rowed down the river,
making several short stretches at a stroke
of from 38 to 40. The men were in their
old boat, as the new one was undergoing
alterations in rigging. The crew were not
timed in their work this morning.
Crowds are gathering rapidly, and the
number of houseboats and launches along
the course is increasing very fast.
The Yale men to-day received a message
conveying the best wishes of the Harvard
crew of '86 for their success in the race for
the grand challenge cup. The crew has
aiso received a large number of luck
tokens, the four-leaf clover predominat
ing. Among the many offerings of this
character is the left hind toot of a grave
yard rabbit, which has been carried by the
Yale coxswain in the Yale-Harvard races
for the last four years.
AN EXPERT'S CRITICISM.
Row Well, Except That They lilt the
.;*■; Water in Feathering.
LONDON, Eng., July 3.— Mr. Ellington,
the rowing expert of the Field, telegraphs
to the United Press from Henley as
follows:
"The Yale crew were out this morning
in their new boat. They rowed well, ex
cept that they hit the water in feathering.
They showed marked improvement, but
they have only rowed a fast stroke for two
days."
The Cains College four, while at practice
this morning, ran into the boat of Dr.
McDowell of Chicago, who was on the
wrong side of Temple Island. The dam
age is not so serious but that it can be re
paired in time for the doctor to take part
IB the event for which He is entered— the
race for the diamond sculls— and he wiil
be one of the contestants. Dr. McDowell
was out for practice this afternoon, rowing
in a boat which be had, borrowed and
which he will use while his own is under
going repairs.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS.
The Tour-in- Band Record Broken by a
Veteran Driver.
CHICAGO, 111., July 3.— Rain spoiled
the free for all pace at the Northwestern
Breeders' meeting this afternoon, although
the race will be concluded to-morrow.
One heat was paced, and as the second
was about to be called the rain fell in tor
rents and made the track so muddy that
it was impossible to finish. W W P was
first under the wire, but was set back to
second place for wnat the judges called a
gaining break, although the crowd did not
see it that way. The event will be finished
to-morrow.
The principal event of the day was the
lowering of the four-in-hand record of
2:37 by Jnmes Stinson, a venerable driver,
who sent Damiana 2:22%, Bellnut 2:26^,
Maud V 2:29\£ and Nutspra 2:29^, a mile
in 2:3l}^ easily. Tlie summaries:
Chicago stakes, if 3ooo, for trotters of the 2:15
class, Newcastle won, Risetia second, Celerima
third. Time, 2:1:5' ,.
Purse, $1000, I:Zd pace. Sibylla won, Monop
ole second, Minuehaha third. Time. 2:13^.
LATONIA, Ky., July 3.— The bookmak
ers had the best of it again to-day, favor
ites falling in rapid order, as they have for
the past five days. Weather clear; track
slow; attendance good. Summaries:
Six furlongs, Flora Bsllard won. Miss 8 sec
ond, Kankakee third. Time, 1:19%.
Five furlongs, Pouting won, Full Hand sec
ond, The Blossom third. Time, I:os^*-
One mile, Lucien H won. Nimrod second, Old
Nassau third. Time, I :45J^.
One mile and fitly yards, Rasper won. Black
Stone second, Ondague third. Time, 1:49%.
Five furlongs, Czarowltch won, Rey del An
geles second, The Plutocrat third. Time, 1 :05.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July 3.— Results:
Six furlongs, Dew Drop won, Siddubla sec
ond, Cochiua third. Time, I:l6J^.
One mile, Hawthorne won, Utopia second,
Timelikc third. Time, 1:44%.
Five and a half furlouga, Jack B B won,
Agent second, Scribe third. Time. l:O9}£.
One mile and twenty yards, Rheii Goode
won, Devault second, Bertha third. Time,
1:44.
Seven and & half furlongs. Jane won, Made
line second. First Deul third. Time, 1:35^.
SIOUX CITY. lowAf July 3.-To-day's
races of the Western Grand Circut meet
were well attended, but the track was slow,
owing to rains during the morning. Sum
maries:
Two-year-old pace, purse $1000— Cricket
Hill won, Omaha Wilkes second, Nellie F
third. Time, 2:39.
2:20 special trot, best three in five— Chant
Ward won, Don Quixote second, Elma third.
Time, 2:20.
Pony race, one mile— Pet won, Corona sec
ond, Buck third. Time, 2:55^.
BASEBALL GAMES.
Nearly a Fight at Pittsburg — The Neve
Yorkers Shut Out.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July 3.— St. Louis was no
match to-.lay for the Cleveland*, who played
as if the game was theirs any time that they
wanted to let out a link or two. Score: Cleve
lands, 14, 13, 0; St. Louis, 5, 9, 5. Batteries—
Cuppy and O'Connor; Kissinger and Murphy.
Umpire— Sheridan.
PiTTSBURG, Pa., July 3.— Pittsburg won
trom Cincinnati to-day after a hard-fought
game. Merritt and Vaughn almost had a fight.
Merritt claiming that the Cincinnati catcher
tried to "block" him «t the plate. Merritt
struck Vaughn and there would have been a
fight but lor the interference of toe players.
Merritt was fined $25 aud removed from the
game. Score: Pitt«burgs, G, 12, 0; Cincin
nati*, 3, 5, 3. liatteries— Uawley ami Sugden;
Goreman and Vaughn. Umpire— Lynch.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., July 3.— Philadelphia
defeated Washington to-day by heavy hi; ting
in the eightn inning. Up to that time the
game was interesting. Score: Philadelphia*,
13, 13, 3; Washingtons, 5, 8, 3. Batteries —
Keener and Urady; Gorman and McCauley.
Umpire— Hur^t.
BROOKLYN, X. V., July 3.— Kennedy's wild
ness and timely batting a'llo.ed the Bostons to
secure a commanding letia in the early innings
to-day, but the nome men played an uphill
game and twice tied the score, making the
winning run in the eleventh inning. Score:
Brooklyns, 8, 16, 4; Bostons. 7,12,4. Bat
teries—Kennedy and Grim; Sullivan and Ten
ney. Umpire — Betts.
XKW YORK, X. V., July 3.— The home team
could do nothing with Hotter and received
their first shutout of the season. Sullivan re
ceived the finest kind of support, there being
two double pinys and a triple play with men
on bases. Score: New Yorks, 0, 6, 3; Ba'.ti
mores, G. G, O. Batteries — Sullivan mid Wilson;
Hoffer and Clark. Umpire — Emslie.
An American Wins at Tennis.
LONDON, Enq., July a— ln the tennis
games to-day for the West of England
chnmpionship, Lamed, the American
player, beat the cracK English player, H.
baddelley, by a score of three sets to love.
He and Mahony will be pitted against each
other in the final.
STOCKTON FIELD SPORTS,
Athletes to Compete ior Honors on
Track and River and in
the Arena.
Sharkey's Exhibition Bout With Need
bam the Event of the B>xing
Tournament.
STOCKTON, Cal.. July 3.— Athletes are
beginning to gather here. Robert Edgren
arrived from Sacramento to-day, and
Keeler of the Academic League appeared
upon the scene early, to make arrance
ment3 for his team, wnich is coming by
boat in the morning. The grounds are in
perfect condition for the field day. The
bicycle races will be run first, so the track
will not be cut up by the spikes of the
sprinters.
There will be two bicycle events, one a
mile scratch race, in which Ed Fisher,
S. R. C. ; F. H. Tretheway, T. C. W. ; J. S.
Seybold, 8. R. C; T. K. McCuen, S. R. CL;
J. E. Crump, S. R. OL, and William Fisher,
8. K. C, have entered. Crump should
win the race. The other bicycle race j
ia a one-mile handicap, in which
J. E. Crump is the scratch man;
J. 8. Seybold, 25 yards; T. R.
McCuen, 50 yards: Ed Fisher, 50 yards; R.
A.. Henderson, 65 yards; P. H. Tretheway,
65 yards; A. Bonz'l, 80 yards; Will Eisher,
80 yards; Jamas McAfee, 100 yards; J. W.
Moore, ICO yards; Herbert Kenyon, 150
yards; N. A. Bennett, 150 yards. Moore
ana Kenyon will be heard from in this j
race.
Seats for the boxing tournament in the
pavilion have nearly all been sold. Nearly
all the fighters are here. Van Buskirk
should win his fight with Corrigan and
odds are in his favor. Turner should best
Tom Barry, but Barry promises to make a
rushing fight and mix matters. Hopkins
and Maxwell will mate a bard go. The
odds are in Maxwell's favor. Of course
everybody wants to see Sharkey spar, and
hi* four-round bout with Danny Needham
will be watched with interest.
The regatta in the morning will line the
banks with several thousands of specta
tors. Great disappointment is manifested
here at the failure of the South End crew
to enter against the Giants of Stockton.
They promised to send a crew, but instead
entered a crew in the intermediate class,
and every one here feels that they are
afraid of the six-footers from Stockton.
There will be a parade herein the. morn
ing and literary exercises in the pavilion,
but the chief interest centers in the carni
val of sport
RIVERS INLET STRIKE.
Authorities Fear That the Disgruntled
Salmon-Catchers Are Plotting
Mischief.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 3.— The fisher
men's strike at Rivers Inlet, 200 miles
south of Skeena River, where five of the
largest canneries in British Columbia are
bituated, promises to seriously interfere
with the season's salmon pack, and threat *
ens. much trouble for police authorities
here. The steamer Chieftain is nuw on
the Sound seeking men to take the place
of the strikers, as fish are running well at
Rivers Inlet, and every day lost means
great expense to tl c cannery men.
Last year the cannera at the inlet paid 7
cents per fish to the Skeena fishermen
and this they were paying this year, but
7 cents a fish has been unsatisfactory to
the fisherman since the big strike on the
Skeena declared a month or so ago and
they now demand a 10-cent rate. There
are 1500 strikers, of whom two-thirds are
Indians, tne others being a mixed class of
whites. They went on a strike two weeks
ago and since then fishing operations
have been suspended.
Tne strike is supposed to have been
brought about at the instigation of some
of the Columbia River or Skeena River
agitators.
After it was declared a number of Nor
wegian colonists at Bella Colla were en
gaged, but no sooner bad they begun to
fish than they received a threatening noti
fication from" an Indian cnief to desist,
which they complied with.
The Indians packed their effects last
Monday, and manning tneir canoes left
port in a fleet of over 100 sails. No one
knows exactly where they are destined,
but those familiar with their ways believe
this move is but a "bluff."
They are likely to be gathered in some
secluded bay or inlet, considering a plan
of action, and trouble is expected.
A posse of special constables was sent
north on the Danube on Wednesday even
ing. To-day, upon the return of the Do
minion Government steamer Quadra from
the west coast, orders were given for it to
go northward immediately. Although it
is announced in official circles that the
Quadra is not to take a hand in the strike,
it is not denied that it is bound for Rivers
Inlet.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES,
Two Young Leaders in the Social
World Engage in a Fistic
Carnival.
Inspector Blackinton Strikes Terror
to the Chalk- and-Water
Brigade.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 3.— A writ
of habeas corpus, with supplemental
charges of cruel treatment of children by
the management of the Orphans' Home of
this city, was secured to-day by W. F.
Dunn, father of little Eva and Walter
Dunn, aguin.st the president and trustees
of the Boys' and Girls' Aid Society, Mother
Watson, tbe superintendent of the home,
and Mrs. Pinkerton, its matron. Great
surprise was expressed to-day over this
action of Dunn against the home's man
agement, for it baa always been supposed
to be a model of its class. The order re
cites that the management shall produce
Dunn's children in court and show cause
why they should not be returned to their
father.
The complaint states that tbe children
are.held in duress and tnat the father has
made several applications for them, which
have been denied. It charges that those
in charge of the Orphans' Home have been
cruel and inbuman in their treatment
of the children.
SOCIAL LIONS CLASH.
Street FUjht Between Two of the Angel
Citij'H Four Hundred.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 3.— An ex
citing fiHio encounter took place on Spring
' street at noon to-day between young men
:of the local Four Hundred. The combat
ants were O. W. Childs Jr., an neir to the
| great Childs estate on South Main street,
I and W. L. Hastings, a stockbroker and
one of the ultra-fashionable young men
of the town.
Bad blood has existed between the pair
for some time, and generally they did not
deign to speak as they passed by. They
| met to-day in front of the Hollenbeck
j Hotel. An insulting remark was uttered
by Hastings, and in two seconds they were
at it hammer and tongs. Childs was the
aggressor, and he soon proved to bis ad
versary that he had not neglected the
manly art in his system of physical cul,
j ture.
The street was thronged by pedestrians
at the time and a great, crowd soon gath
ered and took much delight in witnessing
| tne give-and-take contest.
The second blow from Hastings brought
claret from Childs' lower lip. Childs tben
planted his right over Hastings' left eye,
and but for a friendly barber-pole wonkl
have sent the man of stocks to grass.
Friends stopped the scrimmage.
A misunderstanding about the sale of
some stocks was the immediate cause of
the trouble.
PURE MILK CRUSADE.
Fifty-seven Dealers Arrested for Violat
ing City Ordinances.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July 3.— The
Dockery of Los Angeles, Milk Inspector
Blackinton, is aroused at last. He swears
by the Pleiades "milky whey" and the
planet Jupiter that henceforth the milk
men of this city and vicinity must obey
all the ordinances regulating their busi
ness.
A new ordinance provides that milkmen
shall register at the Health Office and ob
tain a permit, besides the regular license,
before commencing business. This is to
enable the Health Department to find the
milkmen and keep them under the regu
lations.
The milkmen have evaded the duty, and
a fine of $2 recently imposed on one of
them by Justice Morrison has been too
small to serve as an example. To-day
day Inspector Blackinton swore out com
plaints against fifty-seven milkmen for
non-compliance with the order. He says
it will cost them more than $2 this time.
Stephens Sues for Vantages.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. July 3.— James
K. Stephens, who was arrested on
suspicion of having been one of
the tunnelers who worked their way
underground to the First National Bank
vaults, brought suit this morning against
that bank and Detective Francis H. Steele,
claiming $50,000 damages for false arrest
and imprisonment.
KILLED ON A MOISE FARM.
An Employe Impaled on aline of a
Large Fork.
BOISE. Idaho, July 3.— William Kern,
employed on the ranch of H. G. Wiison,
three miles from here, was to-day im
paled on a tine of a forty-pound fork used
by means of a derrick to hoist hay from
wagons to the top of stacks. The tine en
tered just back of the lei't shoulder blade,
near the heart. Kern lived about ten
minutes.
The accident was caused by the break
ing of a pulley attached to a beam over
the stack. The heavy fork dropped about
four feet before it struck Kern, who was
stooping over. The force of the blow
brought him to his knees. The men be
low saw he was hurt, and hastily ascended
the stack to his assistance. "Hurry up,"
said Kern, as they approached.
When the tine, which had penetrated
the body almost a foot without protrua
ine, was pulled out, the internal flow of
blood could be distinctly heard by those
standing near. The gurgling sound
lasted a few seconds when Kern, in re
sponse to a suggestion that he be removed
from the stack, said: "Let me rest a
minute." He sank, and in a lew moments
was dead.
A FREE COINAGE
BANK PRESIDENT.
William P. St. John Has
Been Compelled to
Resign.
HIS OUTSPOKEN VIEWS.
Only Prominent Financier in the
East Openly Fighting for
Silver.
QUOTED ALL OVER THE WEST.
Suggested as an Acceptable Candidate
for President of the United
States.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 3.— The fol
lowing statement was given out at tbe
Mercantile National Bank this afternoon:
William P. St. John has resigned the presi
dency of the Mercantile National Bank. For
several years Mr. St. John has outspoklngly
advocated the free coinage of silver. Recently
the feeling In banking circles against a bank
president advocating free silver has been mani
fest. The matter was brought to an issue this
morning at a meeting of the board by his
reading a letter from one of the directors, of
which the following is an extract:
"Dear Mr. St. John: I have just heard that yon
intend to take part in the Silver Convention at
Chicago. You are under obligations not to do
so, is my belief. • • • I admit that the posi
tion you hold gives you power before a conven
tion, but you ought not to go when you know
your board is against your views, as well as all
money-centers. lam y oar friend."
Mr. St. John was recently requested by reso
lution at a mass-meeting held in this city to
attend the National Democratic Convention
and urge the incorporation of certain pream
bles and demands into the platform of the Na
tional Democracy. The first of these demands
is independent and unlimited free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1.
Mr. St. John resigned his office of president
of the Mercantile National Bank because a
majority of his directors thought his com
pliance with that request would be harmful to
the bank. The board accepted his resignation
with a unanimous expression of regret.
The Mercantile National Bank is at 191
Broadway, and is one of the best known banks
in the city. Mr. St. John has been especially
noted as practically the only financier of
prominence in the East who openly favored
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1.
He was the only free silver New York City
bank and as such his sayings and
writings have been quoted all over the West.
A few months ago a Denver newspaper sug
gested him as an acceptable free silver can
didate for President of the United States.
HAIL! SAN DIEGO'S QUEEN
Caroline the Fair Will Rule
in State on the Bay
Tc-Night.
A Par&de of Thousands of Cyclists
Opens the Midsummer
Carnival.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., July 3.— Crowds are
coming into the city to attend the water
carnival. For the first time in San Diego's
history a real, live queen will rule, and
she is a pretty one, too. Caroline Pol
hamus is her name on common occasions,
but during tfie carnival she wiil be called
her Majesty, and she will wear robes to
morrow ni'.iht worthy of her station. Her
barge will appear as of beaten gold, and it
will be illumined on the water by hun
dreds of colored electric lights, manu
factured on board.
The young Queen will be attended by a
score of maids and youths, attired in the
court costume of old Versailles., and a
young page will wield a big peacock-plume
fan to waft the plebeian firecracker smoke
from the face of the ruler.
The procession of pleasure craft, all
brilliantly lighted and decorated, will be
over two miles long. It will wind upon
the glassy waters of the bay in spirals of
beautiful colors.
To-night the illumination bicycle lan
tern parade drew thousands out of doors.
Like all nights under San Diego skies, it
was balmy and full of the romance that
hangs over the land. Thousands of
wheels, adorned by Japanese lanterns,
flowers and nags, moved in procession
through the streets, preceded by galloping
policemen and the Guard band of thirty
pieces, playing such patriotic airs as "The
Star - Spangled Banner," "Dixie" and
"Yankee Doodle."
Girls as well as boys participated in the
parade. They were clad in red, white and
blue gowns, and they pedaled upon won
derful machines, appearing to be moving
bouquets and electric lights. All this was
accompanied by the bluster of bombs, the
swishing of rockets hurling toward tbe
empyrean, and the wail of the small boy
I making his tirst, acquaintance with the mi
i flammatory cracker.
All the streets are garbed as on a fete
day in Southern France. The doors, win
dows and facades are draped with colors
and hung with lanterns.
HEW TO-PAT.
Second=hand
Bicycles
AT GREATBARGAINS
These machines have been thoroughly
overhauled in our repair department and
are in excellent riding condition.
A FEW '95lOLlIBIAS!
PLENTY OF OTHERS.
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
344 POST STREET.
Park Branch, Riding, Renting & Instructing,
PAGE, NEAR STANYAN.
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
NEURALGIA.
34
OLD MONTEREY'S
GATES ARE OPEN,
Strangers Given a Welcome
in the Quaint City of
Manana.
BUSTLING WITH LIFE.
Residents Have Decorated Streets
and Dwellings for the Three
Days' Fete.
VISITOES BEGIN TO ARRIVE.
Find a Varied Entertainment Await
ing Them on the Stamping
Grounds of Sloat.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 3.— ln every
body's mouth, even in the strangers',
whose presence seems an obtrusion upon
the dreary life of Monterey, is the Spanish
word, "manana." It is a word of peculiar
significance to the Spanish people, this
"manana," and, indeed, to the Americans
who understand it, for it means "to-mor
row."
And this is the eve of a celebration
which for absolute uniqueness stands
alone, out and above all the festivities of
the year in California; for to-morrow
marks tbe beginning of the wonderful
commemoration of California's jubilee—
her golden jubilee of that day
fifty years ago when she came under
the protection of the United States of
America, and the stars and stripes was
first her flag. The celebration is to last
for three days. Perhaps this is after
the good old Spanish custom of
making merry at fiestas for days
and nights at a time; anyhow, the
calendar itself has conspired toward this
end, for July 4 comes opportunely after
fifty years to open festivities that will run
without intermission until the night of
the 7th.
That nothing may be left undone this
evening in the way of preparation there
are on all sides evidences of activity — a
strange and disturbing bustle, be it said,
for this town of manana, and the old people
look on in something akin to astonish
ment at the hurry of decorators, painters,
carpenters, street-repairers and the ladies
themselves, who are busy over a hundred j
and one things.
The spirit of Sloat and his patriotic band
who hoisted the Stars and Stripes half a
century ago where the flag of Spain used
to float possesses the people to-day, and
the result is a remarkable change in the
appearance of Monterey.
Bunting and wreaths and flowers sprang i
up like magic. The principal streets are I
bedecked in tri-color streamers and green
garlands so profusely that they give the
idea of a riot of colors, a fluttering mass
of brilliant hues.
Among the chief features of to-day's
additional decorations were two arches
now in course of construction. One of
these will span Alvarado street at Pearl,
and another will stand at the corner of
Franklin and Scott streets.
Each consists of two stately pillars about
twenty feet high, supporting a cross-beam
that is elegantly draped and festooned.
Flags surmount each column and an
abundance of wreaths complete the effect
iveness of the whole.
Colton Hall, in which was held the first
Legislature of California, was decorated
very appropriately with the National
colors, which gave it a stately grandeur
in its old age.
Several of the historic adobe buildings
have been clad in colors that perhaps they
never saw before, and the odd stones on
Alvarado street, that had not before been
dressed in honor of the jubilee, were gayiy
decorated.
It may be Baid that now, from the old
Mexican jail at the plaza to the Mexican
Castom-houae on the bay, Monterey is lit
erally red, white and blue, with a back
ground of darK adobe and gray dust.
The town began to receive visitors to
day in generous numbers. They roamed
over its streets and plazas and among the
quaint adobe buildings.
Many visited Pacific Grove during the
day. All found amusement and instruc
tion here, for to whomisthi." historic spot,
made famous by Sloat, not of interest?
SAN JOSE DAMAGE SUIT,
Corwin C. Ingels Brings Action
for $75,000 Against the
Southern Pacific.
Sustained Injuries in the Santa Clara
Wreck Which Made Him an
Invalid for Life.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— Corwin C.
Ingels, a farmer near Gilroy, began a suit
in the Superior Court to-day against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company for
$75,000 damages for injuries received in the
collision between the broad and narrow
gauge passenger trains at Santa Clara on
January 25 last.
Ingels was a passenger on the broad
gauge train running between San Fran
cisco and this city. He alleges that in the
collision he received such injuries to his
spinal column as to wholly incapacitate
him from attending to his business.
He alleges he will suffer great physical
and mental pain the balance of his life,
and lose ail the pleasure and enjoyment
of living.
Ingels was confined to his bed for
twenty-one weeks and incurred an indebt
edness of $280 for medical and surgical
treatment, restitution fcr which he also
asks, mating a total of $75,280. The col
lision is attributed to negligence on the
part of the management of the two roads.
FAT HOLDS THE SEAT.
J.'rmainn in thm City Council Pending the
lie mlt of an Appeal.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— Judge Lorigan
this morning retused to make an order
allowing Homer Prindle to hold his seat in
the Common Council pending an appeal
to the Supreme Court on the decision in
the election contest case giving J. P. Fay
the seat in the Council from the Second
Ward.
Judge Lorinan refused to rule in the
matter, saying that the recount showed
that Prindle had never been elected and
therefore had no title to the seat. The
court said that no statement would be
made as to what action would be taKen by
tbe court should Prindle disregard tbe
order giving Fay the seat in the Council,
but if contempt of court was committed
the court would deal with it. Fay will
hold the seat in the Council pending the
appeal unless the Supreme Court makes
an order restraining him.
RIBERNIANS DANCE.
Their Second Annual Hall Given in the
Turn Verein Parlors.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. July 3.-Turn Verein
Hall was a scene of brilliancy and festiv
ity this evening, the occasion being the
second annual ball given by Division No.
3, Ancient Order of Hibernians. The hall
was beautifully festooned with ribbons,
while stringers of evergreens and rose
buds were draped about the sides. About
the hall were potted palms and plants.
During the evening Edwin Coolidge
delivered two recitations, and the Misses
Manley of Alameda and Miss Delia Cole
of this City rendered vocal selections.
There was a large crowd present, and tbe
hall was crowded to overflowing. The
committees ia charge were:
Arrangements — R. F. McMahon, William
Cole, T. R. Dougherty, T. F. Graham, F. T.
Egan and J. K. Doyle.
Reception— B. Higgins, M. Farrell, Hon.
James T. Murphy, John T. McGeogheg&n, T. C.
Hogan, Hon. Nicholas Bowden. James P. Sex,
F. T. Cox. Hon. W. P. Veuve. J. J. Devine. If.
J. Glennon, Professor F. A. Quinn, T. A. Car
roll. A. M. McCabe, T. H. Peters and P. M. Pau
chaud.
Floor— Martin Murphy as manager, and Dr.
C. A, McGettlgan, H. J. Dougherty, J. \V.
Chute, M. J. O'Brien, Thomas Monahan and R.
Healey as assistants.
Odd Fellntrs Install Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— Observatory
Lodge, I. O. O. F., has installed the follow
ing otficers: G. W. Darling, noble grand;
G. R. Cottrell, vice-grand ; G. W. Welch,
recording secretary; E. L. Denehei, per
manent secretary; W. J. Huff, warden;
A. T. Stonehouse, conductor; E. W. Stout,
right support to noble grand; George Cul
ver, right support to vice-grand ; F. G.
Currier, left, support to vice-grand ; B.C.
Beane, left support to noble grand ; W. W.
King, outside guard; E. F. Greenwood,
inside guard; T. J. Mealor, chaplain.
Ends Life With a Jtullet.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— James B.
Anderson, who had been general manager
of the Southern Pacific mills at Chualar,
Monterey County, committed suicide at
Santa Clara yesterday by shooting himself
in the bead. Anderson bad been in ill
health for some time and in company with
his mother and sister had stopped over in
Santa Clara to visit some friends while on
his way to San Francisco for medical
treatment. He was 37 years of age and a
native of California.
-\ash la Xot Jnsrtne.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— J. M. Nash,
the expressman who was arrested a few
days ago on a charge of insanity preferred
by his wife, was released from the County
Jail this morning. An investigation
showed Nash to be perfectly sane. Nash's
arrest grew out of his taking a Mrs. Smith
for a carriage drive Friday night. As soon
as Mrs. Nash heard of this she hunted up
Mrs. Smith and gave her a beating, and
then charged her husband with insanity.
Death of Sicholaa Serton.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— Nicholas Sex
ton of Stockton, who was prominent in
Nevada politics a few years ago and served
several terms in the Legislature of that
State, died suddenly from apoplexy yes
terday at the residence of his brother,
"William Seiton, in this city. The de
ceased was a native of Nova Scotia and 52
years of age. The remains were shipped
to btockton to-day for interment.
DUNHAM OR HIS SHADOW
Photographs of a North Dakota
Captive Sent to San
Jose Officers.
Detective Bellis Confident That He
Has Caught the Campbells
Batcher.
SAN JOSS, Cal., July 3.— Sheriff Lyn
don to-day received from George Bellis,
a detective of Fargo, N. D., two pictures
of a man giving the name of George Dai
! ton, whom Bellis arrested about a week
j ago on suspicion of being James C. Dun
ham, the Campbells murderer. About a
week ago Sheriff Lyndon received a tele
gram from Bellis saying that he had Dun
bam and asking that a man be sent to
Fart; o to identify him. Bellis is sure he
has Dunham, as the man's appearance
tallies exactly with the printed descrip
tions of the murderer sent out. Word
was sent to Bellis to forward two pictures
of the suspect.
The pictures arrived to-day, but there is
considerable doubt as to whether the right
man has been captured. The face and
figure bear a strong resemblance to Dun
ham but not enough to warrant a belief
that it is him. A number of people who
were well acquainted with the murderer
are inclined to mink that the suspect is
Dunham, despite the changed appearance.
The picture was shown to Major Hin
man, who is an acknowledged authority
on criminology. He remarked at once that
the resemblance to Dunham was striking
and believed that it would be advisable to
send a man to Fargo to ascertain if the
fugitive murderer is in custody at that
place. In his opinion a man personally
acquainted with Dunham should be sent
on that errand.
The general opinion of those who have
seen the picture, however, is that the case
is one of mistaken identity, and that the
Fargo man is not the Campbells butcher.
Th>« officials have not decided what course
i they will pursue in the matter.
j Before his arrest Dalton stopped at the
j Elliott House in Farco, where his queer
actions attracted attention. After staying
several days he rented a wheel to go to
Moorhead, where he was subsequently
arrested and taken back to Fargo. •
♦
IN SANTA. CRUE COUNTY.
Fourth of July Celebration* to Be Held
in Several Towns.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 3.-Banta
Cruz will not celebrate the Fourth of July
j in an ostentatious display since the carni
val is of so recent a date.
Delegations will go to Watsonville and
Boulder Creek and Monterey. The Wal
lace-Reynolds Corps, G. A.R., and the
Woman's Relief Corps will picnio at Vue
de I'Eau, and many families ana parties of
young people will spend the day on the
beach, spreading their Fourth-of-July din
ner there.
Watsonville's celebration will be an in
ter-county affair, to be participated in by
I nearly all the towns along the edge of
Santa Clara and Monterey counties
Boulder Creek will have a celebration of
its own, and the crowd attending will be
addressed by Benjamin Knight, assistant
district attorney.
There will be 'a parade of the fire depart
ment, fraternal societies and school chil
dren, to be followed by a burlesque parade
and comic races. At Capitola the observ
ance will take the form of a leap-year ball
in the evening.
The Turn \ erein of this city will give
an entertainment and dance in the even
ing, and Mr. and Mrs. John R. Chace will
give a social hop at the Sea Bencb Hotel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 189t*.
GRADER!! CROSS
THE SAN JUAN.
Valley Road Constructors
Are Moving on to
Fresno.
RAPID PROGRESS MADE.
The Line Will Be Completed to
the City Limits by the
15th of August
TRACK-LAYERS AT LA GRANGE
Working Away From the San Joaquin
at the Rate of a Mile and
a Half a Day.
FRESNO, Cal., July 3— J. T. Williams
arrived in this city this evening with im
portant news regarding the progress of
work on the San Joaquin Valley Railway.
Grading from the north to the San Juan
River has been nearly completed, and a
camp of fifty teams crossed the river to
day. Track-laying will be completed to
the river by July 25, when the bridge will
have been finished.
The contract for grading from the river
to this city has been let to Grant Brothers
and J. D. McDougald, and they will place
150 teams at work next wees, in addition
to the fifty teams which were moved across
the river to-day.
Dirt will soon be flying, and the graders
will reach this city by August J. The
track-layers will follow closely, and the
rails will undoubtedly all be laid by Au
gust 15, tbe date for tbe completion of the
line, as promised Fresnoans by the direct
ors.
Williams reports everything going
smoothly to tbe city limits of Fresno.
The work is progressing fully as well as
could be expected. The bridge over the
San Joaquin has been going up without a
hitch. I rack-laying is proceeding at the
rate of a mile and a half a day, the force
beine now at La Grange, in Merced
County. It is not the intention to con
tinue grading along Diana and Q streets
through this city until the trouble with
the property-owners along those streets is
settled. The railroad company desires to
have all strife ended before proceeding
with the work. It is hoped that the dif
ferences will have been arranged by the
middle of August, so that work may not
be delayed.
TO DEVELOP OIL FIELDS.
Capitalists File Articles of Incorpora
tion at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., July 3.— The Gold State
Oil Company filed articles of incorporation
to-day. The capital stock is $500,000, all of
which has been subscribed by the four
directors — J. M. Guffey and J. M. Cooper
of Pittsburg, Pa. ; Captain Frank Barrett
and Judge M. K. Harris of Fresno. Mr.
Guffey is a wealtny oil-dealer of Pennsyl
vania. He has taken $430,000 worth of
stock in the new company.
This company will develop the oil dis
trict in the western part of the county. It
owns the gusher which was recently
struck there, it is the intention to bore
100 wells this summer.
SAM JOAQUIN VALLEY PEST.
Millions of Army Worms Toiling Patiently
Toward the Southern Grain
Fields.
STOCKTON, Cal., July 3.— Army worms
have invaded the San Joaquin Valley.
This is the startling news brought to
Stockton to-day by Rancher W. H. Cady,
who lives twenty miles east of here, and
his brother, A. Cady of L indon.
The Cady brothers were driving to the
city early this morning. On the way they
saw millions of small worms along the
roadside. They first noticed the invaders
about two and a half miles this side of
Linden, near Assessor Ortman's place, and
for a mile and a half the road appeared as
though it had been swept with a brush,
where the many wiggling worms had
worked themselves across it.
They were on the south side of the rode
as the Cadys drove along, having during
the night crawled from tbn pasture land
on the oorth side of the highway. This
morning they were going for the grain
fields of the south. The worms were so
numerous that they constituted squirm
ing masses at some points. They were
undoubtedly army worms, such as visited
this county several years ago, when they
destroyed apricots and all small fruic in
their path.
It is fortunate that the grain all over the
country is so near the sack; otherwise the
visitation of the army worms would have
resulted in the Joss "of thousands of dol
lars. As it is, they can do little damage
before the grain is harvested. The army
worm could do considerable damage to the
vineyards now. So far as known, bow
ever, they have not made their appearance
except in the locality stated.
RACES AT WATSONVILLE
Six Thousand Visitors Witness
the District Celebration
Events.
Honors in the Hook and Ladder
Contest Are Won by the Home
Team.
WATSONVILLE, Cal., July 3.-Six
thousand visitors from surrounding towns
participated in the opening day's festivi
ties of the district celebration in Watson
ville to-day. The streets were resplend
ent with decorations, the weather was all
that could he desired and the athletic
sports of the afternoon afforded abundant
amusement for the guests.
Interest centered in the 300-yard hook
and ladder race. Teams from Watson
ville, San Juan and Gilroy contested, fin
ishing in the order named.' Watsonville's
time was :48 1-5. Kimball of Gilroy fell
dislocat ng his knee cap.
The bicycle rac«s this' afternoon resulted
as follows:
Third of a mile bicyie-race, Wlllouehby flrst
Gosbv seoond, Scob«ll third. Time, :45. '
Half-mile race, Scobell first, Gosby second
Culp third. Time, 1:07. '
Slx«nd a half milet handicap, Wllloughby
flrst, Malgren Becond, Valencia third. Time,
20 :18.
Great preparations have been made for
to-morrow'a celebration. The parade will
be led by the Watsonville Drill Corps.
The procession will be in four divisions,
one and a half miles long, with Colonel
John A. Koster as marshal of the day.
Miss Louise Reiter will reign as Goddess
of Liberty and Miss Annie Steuer will
personate California. Eleven fraternal
societies will be in line.
STEAMSHIP LINE TO JAPAN.
Tacoma, Seattle or San Francisco Will
Be the Terminus of a New
System.
TACOMA, Wash.. July 3.— Tacoma,
Seattle or San Francisco will be the ter
minus of a line of steamers to tbe United
States, to be started in a few months by
the Nippon Yusen Kalsha.
8. Iwanga, manager of the steamship
line, Lawyer Mann Jina, its chief counsel,
and Mr. Kafuka, their private secretary,
arrived this afternoon and after viewing
harbor facilities here departed to-night for
Portland.
They are accompanied by Vice-Presi
dent Finley of the Great Northern Rail
way, which will work hard to have the
steamship line connect with that road at
Bellingham Bay or Seattle. From Port
land the gentlemen go 10 St. Paul to con
fer with President J. J. Hill, and later
they expect to visit San Francisco.
There is a possibility that the line will
go to California, though it seems probable
Puget Sound will be selected as the ter
minus. As nearly as can be learned the
Northern Pacific people have as yet had
no negotiations with the steamship com
pany.
Ine latter has stated that freight is what
it wants, and that the terminus will go to
the city that can furnish the most busi
ness. They expect to start the line with
one steamship per month before the year
endß, and to increase the number of boats
as fast as the business will warrant.
Power to Light Santa Cruz.
BANTA CRUZ, Cal., July 3. -The Big
Creek Power Company has contracted
with the Santa Cruz Electric Light Com
pany to furnish power for the 2500 lights in
use in this city.
The Big Creek Company's plant was
ready for operation on June 15, demon
strating its capacity for furnishing au ex
traordinary light by illuminating the Odd
Fellows' building that night and during
the carnival.
The Electric Light Company has gener
ated its electricity by steam power, but
finds that the proposed change will be
more economical.
Cetsar Piatti Dead.
SAN JOSE, Cal., July 3.— Csesar Piatti,
a prominent Italian resident of this city,
died this morning of pnenroonia. He was
a rjioneer resident of this valley, having
settled in San Jose in 1852. For a number
of years he was engaged in tbe commission
business. The deceased was 66 years of
age. A widow and son survive him.
Barney County's Ttefnulting Sheriff.
TORTLAND, Or., July 3.— Sheriff Gitt
ingsof Harney County, alleged to be an
embezzler of $5000, is supposed to be here,
but the defective force has so far been un
able to locate him. Gittings' defalcation
caused a sensation throughout the State.
He i? well known and has always enjoyed
an excellent reputation.
MODERN NAVIES.
Interesting Furtt Gathered From a
Recent Publication.
The first full and exhaustive collection
of facts and figures relating to the modern
navies of all nations has been piepared by
W. Laird Clowes, the data being complete
to February of this year. 'The Naval
PocKet-Book" is a volume of nearly one
thousand pages, printed in fine, clear type
on onion-skin paper,, containing a com
plete description of every vessel owned
by any Government, whether battle-ship
or steam launch, revenue cutter or hulk,
and telling where it was February l!
Whenever needed, for vessels of new types,
plans are added, making the booK indis
pensable to all persons interested in tbe
question of naval armament. On page
700 the author presents a comparative
summary of the fleets of the worid, divid
ing i is vessels according to their strength
to resist and power to attack. Those "for
liueof battle' are divided into five classes:
IA-'I A - '
18. I C.-I D. i F. Totals.
. ',
-
. '
:»re»t Britain 29
Prance.... 15
Russia 14 I
Germany 6
Italy 8 !
nit ed States 6 )
I'urkey ;... 1 ,
Spain " 1 I
12 11 , 6,18 i 75
I 4 | 5 12 18 49
4 0 7 14, 39
7 3 8 7 3i
2 0 I 7 ! 8 25
0 1 6 | S 16
17 6 0 15
I 0 2 0 j 8 11
These are the real fignting vessels, in
cluding three classes of battle-ships (A, B
and (.'), sea-going coast-defense ironclads
(Dj and armored cruisers (F) that could
right against battle-ships. Only its ar
mored cruisers put the United States
ahead of Turkey, to which it is inferior in
battle-ships. The summary includes not
only all vessels built or building, but all
projected to February 1, since which time
the British Government has ordered an
addition of eleven to its present fleet of
seventy-five.
For the protection or destruction of com
merce, "scouting and looking out," which
will be the chief work of the cruisers, the
United States is not so badly off. There
are six classes, according to size and
weight of guns, of which G, H and J are
protected by some armor, X partially pro
tected and I and L unprotected:
O- H. | I. I J. K. L. Totals.
ireat Britain.. 17 36 ', 11 '22 27 3 126
France 5 18 8 18 0I 14 61
Russia. 0 2 0 1 0 20 23
1 6 0 7 0 1 6 19
Italy 0 5 1 15 aI 9 25
Lniiert St»t««.. 3 11 2 2 8 ! 0 26
I'urkey 9 4 I 0 0 211 7
0| 3 6 4 0 5 18
This puts the United States as fourth,
twenty of tbe Italian vessels being pro
tected and only sixteen of the American.
For coast defense Great Britain leads,
with 53 vessels: Holland has 52; Russia
33; France 28, Sweden 23, China 16, Nor
way 16, Germany 13, United States 13 and
Spain 12.
NEW YORK TREE TO HIM.
The Doctor Who Served Sheridan Re
membered.
A prominent citizen of Philadelphia re
lates that a few days after the publication
of the letter of the eminent physician, Dr.
William Pepper, in which the latter
gracefully and generously declined to ac
cept any compensation for the valu
able professional services he had ren
dered to the heroic Sheridan in his last
illness, he was driving across New York
on his way home, via Jersey City, when
he was stopped at Broadway by one of the
great street pajreants of tbelate campaign.
Being anxious to eaten the next train, he j
appealed to a policeman to permit the |
procession to be broken for tbe passage of
his hackney coach.
The otticer was polite but firm in refusal, ;
stating that his orders were not to break
the line except at stated intervals for the '
passage of streetcars. It having been rep
resented that the gentleman's business
was very urgent, he answered that in
five minutes, vrhen tbe cars would be
permitted to pass, he would be given
leave to fail in behind them if he would
give the officer his name and address for
use in the event of his superior demand
ing an explanation. The name and ad
dress were no sooner furnished — the for
mer being almost identical with that of
tne celebrated physician and provost of
the university — then the line was halted
and broken, and the carriage immediately
allowed to pass.
The officer touched his bat to the sur
prised Philadelphian, who bad not then
heard of Dr. Pepper's letter, and said:
"The man who served Sheridan and re
fused to take a fee for his services can pass
anywhere, and at any time through New
York."
W AGER WAR IN
SEATTLE HOMES.
Mrs. Dawson Says General
Carr Is a Society
Meddler.
VERSED IN INTRIGUE.
She Declares That He Induced
Her Husband to Sue for
a Divorce.
STOEY TOLD BY THE WIFE.
Recital of a Plot to Compel Her to
Quietly Submit to a Legal
Separation.
SEATTLE, Wash., July 3.— The most
interesting witness in the Dawson divorce
case to-day was the fair defendant. She
commenced her story at last night's ses
j sion in Judge Hume's court, resumed it
j this morning and finished late this after
noon. Mrs. Dawson created a sensation
by vehemently declaring that General
Carr, at the head of tbe State Guards, was
at the bottom of the trouble between her
self and husband. She charged that the
militia leader invaded her home to bring
discord, and that it was because of his
counsels that her husband instituted the
present action.
Mrs. Dawson testified that not since
their married life had Dr. Dawson been so
kind to her as since filing the present suit.
It was formerly his custom to come home
but once a day, and that usually late at
night. Since he commenced this suit,
however, he had never failed to call on
her at least once, and sometimes two or
three times daily. She said he brought
her icecream and other dainties and at
night came into her boudoir and con
versed with her. He admitted, she said,
that he never intended that the papers in
this case should become a matter of
record, but simply had been prepared in
tbe hope of forcing her not to contest tne
divorce.
ON PENTERA'S TENTED FIELD.
Veterans Preparing for a Patriotic Xatal
l>ay Celtbration.
VENTURA, Cal., July 3.— The third
day of tbe Grand Army encampment has
been passed in completing preparations
for to-rcorrow's parade, which will be the
greatest in the history of the association.
Arrivals continue to swell the ranks; tent
room is being engaged by wire, and each
j incoming train adds> to the crowd. A close
I estimate places the number of campers
now registered at 650, which includes rep
resentatives from every Grand Army post
; and Women's Relief corps in Southern
i California.
These figures do not include the mem
: bers of the Sons of Veterans, Women's
I Aid Society or Women's Auxiliary corps.
The camp is magnificently decorated,
j the National colors predominating.
A reception was tendered Department
Commander T. C. Mastella last evening.
At midnight the Ventura City band,
headed by a citizens' commute, serenaded
Camp Phil Sheridan. The Grand Army
j orchestra and fife and drum corps re
. sponded in kind.
MAYOR SUTR O IN TOWN
Increased Allowance Requested
by the Board of
Health.
Colin M. Boyd Asks for Proper Main
tenance of the Free
Library.
Mayor Sutro returned to the City from
his Calistoga ranch yesterday morning.
For a brief season the contractors and
others who were awaiting his Honor's ap
proval of certain demands and resolutions
were happy. This joy was transient, for
when tbe Mayor was ready to sign the
documents it was ascertained that his sec
retary had sent them by mail to Napa
County. The Mayor had not been ex
pected, so it was decided to send the papers
to him. This, of course, deepened the
gloom. It is possible that the Mayor may
go up to Calistoga, sign the resolutions
and lettirn them before Monday. Another
plan is for the Mayor to stay in town aud
await the papers by return mail.
Colonel Taylor, chairman of the Finance
Committee, regarded it as a remarkable
transaction that the official orders await
ing »he Mayor's approval should go out of
the City Hal!. It was still more remark
able that they should be sent to Napa
County.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors— Messrs. Taylor, Benjamin
and Hobb's — met yesterday afternoon. Es
timates for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1897, were not taken up in regular oriierj
but the committee heard Conn M. Bavd
on behalf of the Free Public Library, J. B
Heinstein for the Board of Health and J
A. Filcher for the State Board of Trade.
Mr. Boyti, as one of the trustees of the
library, desired the allowance for that in
stitution to be fixed at $58,000. The sum
of $50,000 which tire committee had pro
posed was inadequate, as a new branch of
the library bad been established at Third
and Harrison streets and trie new elevator
in the main library must be provided for.
Mr. Boyd mentioned the increasing use
fulness and popularity of the library and
made an eloquent appeal for its proper
maintenance.
The chairman promised to give the sub
ject full anil lair consideration.
J. B. Keinstein, who was re-enforced by
Dr. Loveiace, Health Officer, presented a
document to the committee, which he said
was signed by taxpayers who paid taxes
on five hundred million dollars' worth of
property. When he was informed that
the valuatiou of all the taxable property
in the City did not exceed $350,000,000, he
was prepared to modify the original state
ment. The document which Mr. Rein
stein desired the committee to consider
reads:
Revolved, That it is the sense of the committee
appointed at the meetiup held in the Chamber
0 C on ?raerce, May 24, 1896, to discuss the
public health of the City and County of San
Francisco, thfct the Board of Supervisors of said
City should appropriate at least $34,800 over
and above the amounts aud sums appropriated
in tne year 1895. for the Health Department
for sneb additional Inspectors and expense* as
to the Hoard of Healtn shall seem expedient
and necessary for the better preservation of
the public health in this City.
Ktßolved, That it is the sense of this commit
tee that there should be established in this
City immediately an ambulance system of four
wagons, at a cost not to exceed $4000, and
that the same should b? maintained and that
there should be established immediately a
chemical and bacteriological laboratory at a
cost not to exceed $3000.
The document which Mr. Reinstein pre
sented bears the signatures of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association, Board
of Trade, State Development Company,"
Produce Association, Unitarian Society.
Fru)t Exchange, Hotel Association, all of
the San Francisco banking institutions ex
cepting one, nearly ali the wholesale mer
chants, many real estate firms and com
mercial association^.
Chairman Taylor indicated that there
was a pressing public demand for a reduc
tion of municipal expenses, yet he assured
the representatives of the Health Depart
ment that the subject presented by Mr.
Reinstein should receive attention.
J. A. Filcher from the State Board of
Trade addressed the committee, askinc an
appropriation under the Jaw authorizing
counties to appropriate money to promote
immigration. He read from the county
government act the authorization for
counties of the first-class to allow $2500 a
year for immigration purposes. Mr.
Filcher seid as an additional reason why
San Francisco should join other counties
in the work of bringing new settlers 10
the State was the fact that the Board of
Trade was located in this City. He said:
"We propose to get a small amount from
every county in the State. We should
like to make an exhibit at Boston and
Omaha similar to the display we made at
Atlanta. We won seventy-nve medals for
our Sia'.e exhibit at Atlanta."
Mr. Filcher said that twenty-seven
counties now contriDuting to the
fund. He did not ask for the full amount
which the law authorized the board to
appropriate, but did suegest that $50 a
month should be voted by San Francisco
to help sustain the Board ot Trade.
The application will receive further con
sideration before the estimates are adopted.
A SWISS MOUNTAIN STORM.
A Tourist Passed Through It on His
Way to Lucerne Cathedral.
From Interlachen we went over the
Brunig Pass together to Lucerne. WniJe
crossing Lake Lucerne we were favored
with a mountain storm. It carve up sud
denly. The sun was shining brightly when
the storm burst upon us, the thun
der crashing terrifically, the rain pour
ing down in torrents, the wind blowirg
furiously, the setting sun tinging the
clouds with red, the rain looKing like
blood. I never saw anything more terri
bly beautiful. The storm passed over in a
few minutes, the wind bundling ud one
great cloud and rolling it along the face
of the Righi like a bmge ball.
Icanspeak of only one thing in Lucerne —
the great organ in the cathedral. The sun
was shining brightly wnen we went in.
After waiting a iew minutes the organist
began. I do not know the name of the
selection. I was not at first particularly
impressed. I only just enjoyed the
music. Very soon, however, the music
changed. It was evidently representing
a storm. We could hear the first sighing
of the wind, then it would die away, and
there was a pattering of raindrops; then
the wind rising and low murmurs of
thunder. All at once a crash of thunder,
the wind seemed to be driving everything
before it, the rain poured down in torrents.
1 looked out of the door to see whether or
not a sudii<-n storm had come up. The
sun was shining brightly. Suddenly it
seemed to me that a voice stiid, "Peace, be
■till." The storm died away ; it seemed as
though I couid see the clouds breaking
a^ay, the sun coming out. A beautiful
hymn of praise was swee ly cuanted. I
looked to see where the choir was. There
was no choir; it was all the organ. It
tilled us all with a feeling of awe, and
when the organ stopped we stole out
quietly; aud even after we were in the open
air we felt as though we hardly ouj;nt to
speak aloud.— Treasure Trove.
— •— ♦ — » .
"Larry" Godkin on Gentlemen.
To say with emphasis tliat a man is a
gentleman in our language is proverbially,
so far as tliis workl toes, tbe hiiiijost en
comium that he can receive. No epitnet
add anything to it; on the contrary, it is
reduced by epithets, because it implies in
our usage all the highest qualities that a
man can have among men. A trutlilul
gentleman, a brave gentleman, a reliable
gentleman are pleonastic and even vulgar
expression — pleonastic because tbe word
gentleman implies all these other quali
ties, ruigar because no one who is a gentle
man wonld be capable of failing to recog
nize this fact.
As the Roman vir had by the term it
self the qualities which virtus implied, so
our gentleman has all the qualities which
in medieval theory or fancy went with
"tentle" blood. This can be seen by the
qualities left out, as well as by those in
cluded. Virtues peculiar to women are
not "connoted" ; it has been justly sairi
that a woman cannot by any possibility
have the feelings of a gentleman.— New
York Evening Post.
E hi
I " Cut Down Expenses/ :°* E
rLUy g
■ ■ ''■ . • S
I ft A woman knows what a bargain |
* SpTato f ™ ws better than a man "j
I I BATTLE AX >M selected every time 3
| by wives who buy tobacco for their hus- 1
9 bands. They select it because it is an honest I
| bargain. It is the biggest in size and jj
I the best in quality. The 10 cent piece is i
1 almost twice as large as the 10 cent piece I
j of other high grade brands. : jj
i Is the light that will bring a" great "big
J glow of happiness to you. By it you will
! see how strong and vigorous your now
i weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
! man. The great Hud van is to be had only
! from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
I wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
i ciaiists of the old tamous Hudson Medical
| Institute. It is the strongest and most
i powerful vitalizer made. It is so powerful
I that it is simply won lerful how harmless
lit is. You can t?et it from nowhere but
! from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write
! for circulars and testimonials.
The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
| most wonderfnl discovery of the age. It
' has been indors d by the leading scientific
| men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
dbehar^e in twenty days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous t ditchings of the
! eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness.
! emissions, and develops and restores weak
i organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
:or night stopped quickly. Over £000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureness means impotency in the
j first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
'■ weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
i pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudj^an costs no more than any other rem-
! cdv. Semi for circulars and testimonials.
I fAI.NTKO ni.ooD— Impure blood, due to sen-
; ous private disorders, carries myriads of aorv
j prodttcins; £■ mis. Then come sore throat, plmplea.
I copper-colored spots, uicers In mouth, old sores and
1 fulllnc nair. You can save a trip to Hoc Springs
i oy writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
HUDSON MEDICAL, INSTIXUIK,
Stockton, Jlarki-t and Klli-t Sis.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
42ARNYSI
28 THE VERY BKoT O\B TO EX.AM.IXa
your eyes and fit tneon to Spectacles and Ey*.
glasses with Instruments Of hi* own Invention,
superiority has not been equaled, Jty niu>
Kashas been due to liio menu us my woxifc
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. m.
NOTICE 10 SHIPOWNERS.
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley Water Works proposes to
i undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
< In this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
: Written applications fur water ore to be made at
| the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
! propose to erect on the sea*all. between Howard
. and -Miss. on streets. Ships lying in the stream
; will be Informed a', the above office, a the time of
1 making such applications, from what hydrants
] their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable
I notice must be Riven in all cases, and applications
j will be filled at the ea:li?Sv. convenience, between
; tne hours of 7 a. si. and 5 r. m. (ia.lv, Kundays and
I holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
i otherwise
By order of the Board of Directors. iv: ~
I'KLIUM W. AMES. Secretary.
tr§| Chlchf §ter'« Easllib Diamond Hrand.
Pennyroyal pills
V ,— <2»~V Original mud Only (Genuine. A
fitrr^i •Arc, always reliable, ladies a»k" jff\
frAS ,V*v|lyL Drurglit for' Chir.hciter Enqtish DtaA/\\
&*Ak£y^P!\mo7irf Brand io Kcd an 4 Gold o>etai:ie\\M'
\ Tjv .-i^}2raf'OX»«. »t*!e.l with Mac ribbon. I Take Vj7
: T?1 SK» VA"?n« other. Rtfune danqrrout ncbttU't- V
I" / °~ tiont and imitation*. Ai Drnggiiu, or send 4*.
I (» JJf in >uunpf for particulars, lestiooßiali and
\"C B "Keller for Lad lea," in Irttr*. by return
— \^^_ff MalL 10.000 T."!imonial*. Same Paper.
. —^; «"aloln«!«rCniEnloi»lCo..ilmill«i>n "ian,,%
. *pW to »1 Loe»l DrazciiU. . i*hU*U Pm
lliur VHil "'ore luroat, J'lmplc-j, Copper-H
Jjlifi?" lUU wJlored Spottf, Aches, Old SoregJM
&§ Ulcers In Mouth, Halr-Kallingl Write COOK
'"^TSKMEBY CO., SO7 Masonic Temple,
[ :^»Chlcar:D, 111., for proofs of cores. Capl- 3
{$ tul, Bi>OO,OOO. Worst cases cored in lfi E
j* Ji to 35 day. 100-page book, free. r
NOTARY PUBLIC.
! pHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOKN'EY-AT.
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market st., oppo-
•ue Palace HoteL Telephone 57a tteaideao« loMt
leUgu Telephone- Tin*" 2591.PROTECTION SENTIMENT
IS GAINING THE DAY
California a Dumping Ground for
the English Manu
facturers*
CONVINCING ARGUMENTS BY FAIR
THINKERS.
Our Wholesale Houses Little Better Than Peddlin
Auction Establishments Without a Sound
Protective Policy.
The political ball— protection for Cali- |
fornia industries as against the money is
sue — which The Call started a-rolling,
is gaining new impetus daily. Each I
day brings fresh and convincing evi
dence of the strong sentiment in
favor of a protective tariff as the issue
in this State rather than silver and
gold. Democrats who voted for the
low-tariff administration are outspoken in
their views and are as ready in the multi
plying of illustrations bearing on the
comparative effects of the McKinley and
Wilson bills as are the members of the
protection party.
"If we can make the laboring classes
understand that the manufacturing in
dustries must be protected to insure them
steady employment at good wages," say
the representative manufacturers, "we
can re-establish the protective policy. That
is where the hard work has got to be
done."
"Educate the idea that free silver means
pockets lined with money out of tbe heads
of the working classes," say the whole
salers and importers, "and they will give
us protection and live better themselves —
the more profitable is business generally
the easier lot will De that of the laborer."
And so it goes. Example after example
is furnished by tbe several branches of
trade and industrial departments showing
California's extreme need for protection.
The most indifferent political reasoner is
compelled to admit that the industries of
the State have suffered under the tariff
policy of the Democratic administration.
As one political thinker expressed it Cali
fornia is made to suffer that the East may
prosper, in many instances oy the
Eutopean manufacturers using the State
for a dumping-ground when the Eastern
markets have an extra surplus. Tariff is
the only remedy.
A. I). Spearman.
"If the present condition of business on
the Pacific Coast is not enough to convince
the voter of average intelligence that tariff
is the prime issue in California," said Mr.
Spearman when hia attention was called
to the rosition taken by The Call, "then
there is little hope for relief from the bal
lot-box."
Mr. Spearman is at the head of one of
the leading woolen-mill agencies on the
Pacific Coast.
"California is in greater need of protec
tion, perhaps, than any other part of the
United States. Our manufacturing in
dustries are at tbe mercy of the Eastern as
well as the European manufacturer. This
may seem strange until one takes into con
sideration that California is a dumping
ground. It may not be generally under
stood, but it is the indisputable fact just
the same, that the manufacturers of Europe
protect the import rs of the East and the
principal wholesalers in the big trade
centers the other side of the Rocky Moun
tains at the expense of the West.
"When there is a threatening surplus on
hand it is dumped in here. Our so-called
wholesale houses, under these circum
stances, become nothing but peddling
auction-houses. The money question is of
great importance to us in one way — we
want distributing centers. But not as a
political is^ue is it of importance to this
coast. We want manufacturing plants
that will put several thousand dollars in
circulation monthly. That cannot be
done, though, unless we can establish and
operate such plants under favorable tariff
auspices. Protection for California is
vital. How any man of sound judgment
and good reasoning rowers can fail to see
it is beyond my comprehension. I be
lieve protection will be really the issue in
the East.
"Mr. Knight of the Marysvije Woolen
mills, who was a delegate to tbe St. Louis
convention, dropped in to see me the other
dny, and during the course of our friendly
confab on politics he gave it as his belief
that protection would be the real issue in
the East and not silver. 'There has been
a great hue and cry raised about silver,"
he said, 'but we will find that the mam
issue is the tariff after all,' and I am pre
pared to Deiieve that he is about right. At
all events our people cannot close their
eyes to the grave need of the local indus
tries for protection."
Joieph Wagner.
The Joseph Wagner Manufacturing
Company of 101-3 Mission Btreet is one of
tbe largest machinery manufactories in
San Francisco. In fact it is practically
the only firm that manufactures flour
mills.
"I am a firm believer in protection,"
said Mr. Wagner, "and believe that is the
only principle on which the Republican
party should stand firm. There is no
doubt that the salvation of our industries
depends largely upon the relief we get
from tbe protective tariff.
"Protection is the California gospel, and
it should be vigorously advocated by its
apostles. The sooner we obtain relief the
better. If anything I can do or say will
tend toward the Republican party's
triumph in the coming earn paign you may
rest assured that The Call has my hearty
and sincere co-operation.
■'The general depression resultant from
tbe inaction of the Wilson bill has been
felt in our business as well as the rest.
Prior to that time we manufactured flour
mills exclusively, but have since found it
expedient to branch out and include many
other kinds of machinery.
"Though I am not what would be called
entirely conversant with the provisions of
the McKinley bill, my knowledge is suffi
cient to warrant me in saying that I do
not believe many articles were placed
under as high a duty as they should have
been. In a high tariff lies our only hope.
With it will come a revival of business
and consequent prosperity."
Italian-Swiss Colony.
Among the largest vineyards and wine
cellers in the State is that of the Italian-
Swiss Colony, near CJoverdale, Sonoma
County. The company ships wine to the
large cities of the United Slates and Eu
rope, and has agencies in some of the
principal distributing centers of Europe.
While there are several members of the
company who do not|ezubrace llepublican
ism as their politics, the following ex
pression in favor of protection was given
out by the company yesterday: "The
wine industry is certainly one of those
which need protection in California. The
tariff is the leading issue by all means, not
only on this coast but in the United
States. The finance question need trouble
our voters but little. If we can compete
profitably with the manufacturers and
producers of Europe, and even the Eastern
States, the money wilt come to us all
right. Yes, we do sell wine in European
countries under the present tariff, and we
also come in direct competition with the
imported wines in the Eastern States.
But that is due to merit.
"If we did not make a good quality of
wines we could not nope to do much
against oar foreign competitors. Under
the low tariff the winemakers of Europe
get in a lot of wines of various qualities
and we have got to meet their prices or go
out of the business. It is that condition
of affairs which keeps the smaller growers
and manufacturers down. They are not
in a position to hold their wines and the
commission merchants, being compelled
to meet the wines from across the water
in the Eastern markets, cannot afford to
pay the grower a profitable price for his
cellar. It might make some difference if
the growers could hold their wines and
force a market, but not much. The great
need is a tariff. It is by lone odds the
great issue in this State and The Call's
educational campaign should be encour
aged and heartily supported irrespective
of party. The successful party must make
that the issue."
E. Gamier & Co.
This firm deals extensively in native
wines, and also dots some importing.
"The wine industry is a part of California
life," said Mr. Gamier, "and its develop
ment and prosperity depend on our
ability to place our wines on sale in the
Eastern markets in competition with the
imported goods from France, Germany
and Italy. The growers are the ones
chiefly interested in a protective tariff.
The middlemen who handle the product
of the vineyards and wine-presses are not
so vitally affected. Of course there would
be more money in their business if the
industry was prosperous along all lines,
but the grower and wine-maker have no
way in which to save themselves.
""If the merchants can't handle the wine
at a profit they cannot afford to pay the
grower and maker what the product is
| worth. We are all at the mercy of the
foreign competitor, so long as the tariff
laws are such that he can lay his goods in
the Eastern market at a price less than we
can afford to grow the grapes for. There
i are not a few vineyards in the State that
have been dug up within the last two
years. Our land and labor are too valu
able for a man to do anything but lose
money in raising grapes at $6 or $7 a. ton.
If the farmers do not appreciate the bear
ing which the logic of such cold facts has
on the tariff question and its importance
as an issue to California, nothing else can
possibly convince them. Protection means
the very life of our industries and the
prosperity of our people."
Leege & Mills.
This is the leading chickory manufac
tory on the coast and tbe firm is exten
sively engaged in' the importation of teas,
coffees, etc. Thomas Haskins, the junior
member of the firm, said yesterday: "It
is most obvious that California's vital in
terests are centered in her industries.
That means protection. The tariff is the
issue in this State ahead of all others, end
the voters will see it before the campaign
is half over. As a forcible illustration,
take the article of chickory. With a pro
tective tariff it might become one of the
leading products of the country. Hun
dreds of thousands of dollars would be in
vested in the growing and preparation of
the weed and the money that is sent out
of the country, annually would be kept at
home. There was some. chickory grown
in New. Jersey, but the importation of the
dried weed ready for grinding, at a low
price, made it impossible for the growers
to continue the production.
"The climate and soil of California are
adapted to ' the luxurious growth of the
weed, and if there was tariff protection it
would be one of the most profitable de
partments of agriculture in the State.
While I am willing to concede that the
tariff is the prime, issue in California, and
has a vital connection. with our industrial
prosperity, I still believe we are interested
in the finance question. To make my
meaning clear, I need but refer to the sil
ver mines; on our east. When they were
in full operation the cities and towns were
well populated. Buildings were in con
stant course of construction, and the
lively business of the times gave us a mar
ket for all our natural products and manu
factures. Those markets are closed to us
now because the mines are closed. This is
a strong reason why we should be inter
ested in silver on account of the States en
gaged in its production, though the tariff
and protection of , our local industries
come 1 lirst and are naturally the prime
issue." ' ■'. '-' '■..' "
A Valuable Opinion.
Here Is an indorsement of The Call's
position . that slfould carry much weight
on account of the manner in which it was
expressed. ...
The local manager of one of the largest
manufacturing establishments in tne
United States, with agencies all over the
world, who is . well and popularly known
in. business, club and social circles, said
yesterday:
."I am a protectionist. It is the only
issue in California,. but when I explain
my position : you will, ' I feel t sure, ap
preciate my reasons for wishing to keep
my name out of print. Our firm deals
with many of the largest establishments
in the United >. States and Europe. Our
business amounts up into the millions an
nually. - ,
"Our customers are widespread and have
diversified political interests, and it is not
wise for the company to offend the opin
ions of ; its patrons by figuring promi
nently in politics. The incautious utter
ances of ? one of 'our ! managers in a large
Eastern city caused the firm to lose one of
its wealthiest customers. That is my only
excuse for giving my opinion in this way.
lam convinced that California is vitally
concerned in the tariff. Her' business* lite
• depends on that issue. Every voter who
ignores protection when be casts his ballot
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
!
this fall condertins the country to another
period of depression. Every trade, com
mercial interest and industry demands
protection."
California Italian Taste Company.
Editor Call: In rerjly to your query as to
which of tbe two, the tariff or the money
question, is considered by the manufacturers
of Italian pastes in this country to be of more
importance, we will slate that the money
question has never been considered a factor in
ihe increase or decrease^ of our business.
What effect a change of standard may have
in the future we are not prepared to discuss.
We do know, however, that since the Wilson
tariff became a law the number of factories
in our line in the United States has decreased,
the number of men employed in the remain
ing: factories has decreased and the output
h«s decreased at least one-third, while the
amount of imports has increased more than
30 per cent.
This article of food is one of the cheapest of
farlntceous foods, so palatable ana oi such
health-producinp properties that it is no longer
considered a luxury, but a stwple, and can be
found on the table of the poor as well us the
rich. We cannot therefore attribute the de
pression in our business to hard times. There
{•• only one enemy we can point the linger to
and that is the tariff. Previous to the Wilson
law we enjoy, d n protective duty of 2 cents
P'>r pound. 'This was suflicieut to offset the
difference in the cost of labor between this
country and Europe. The Wilson bill took off
this specific duty and substituted an ad
valorem of 20 per cent. Whether this ad va
lorem duty means \\ cent or J^ cent per pound
depends entirely on the elacticity of conscience
of the European merchant who makes oath
before the American Consul as to the original
cost of his merchandise. The importance and
extent of this industry throughout the United
States is probably little known. There are
about 300 manufactories of Italian paste in
this country, giving employment to about
4000 men, mostly heads of families, who re
ceive on an average $!£ 25 per day.
The raw material is manufactured out of
whe&t raised in this country, it is wrapped in
paper made in this country and packed in
boxes of home manufacture." You can there
fore see how any legislation affecting us affects
as well tne farmer, the paper manufacturer,
the box-maker -and the lumber-dealer. That
we need protection badly can be easily under
stood when we assert that the labor for which
we pay $2 25 per day in this country can be
easily obtained in Europe for 40 cents. As al
ready stated about 4000 families or 20,000 peo
ple are dependent on this industry in the
United States, to say nothing of the capital
invested. Whether this should be a matter of
concern to our '.ariff-makers the future will
tell. Yours respectfully.
The California Italian Paste Company.
Indorsed by the I'acilic Paste Company.
IS A SINGER BY NATURE,
The Back Patti Tells How Her
Voice Was First Dis
covered.
She Has Appeared With Success Both
in America and in
Europe.
"I can never remember the time when I
did not sing," said Sissieretta Jones, the
"Biack Patti," when questioned yesterday
in her looms at the Russ House about her
first steps in the art of song.
"I used to sing to myself as a cbild be
cause I loved music, but it was after sing
ing a little solo at a Sunday-school con
cert at Providence that some peorile said
to my mother, 'The child took a high C;
you should let her learn music' That
was how I came to study."
Mrs. Jones is a very unassuming
young woman, who modestly disclaims
being a Patti, even a black Patti. It is a
name that a New York paper in an out
burst of enthusiasm gave her, and her
agents have gone on using it be
cause it is novel and attractive. To toll
the truth, the young singer is not black;
she is just the dark copper tinge that a
prima donna should be to p!ay "Aida" or
"L' Africaine," and one can ima me her
playing either role with majesty and
pathos.
She is tall and well-built, with a good
carriage, and last night the ease of her
movements was accentuated by a loose
flowing black silk robe, which by contrast
showed how brown her skin was. Round
her neck was some tawny-colored lace,
fastened with a diamond star, one of the
many Aits received from people who have
been charmed by her singing.
Up to the present the "Black Patti" has
MSMERETTA JONES, THE COLORED PRIMA DONNA.
only sung in concert, although a laree
part of her repertory consists of operatic
anas. When asked whether she had not
aspirations to appear in opera, she con
fessed that the lyric stage was one of her
dreams, but added that there were many
difficulties in the way: "I am traveling
most of the time, and it would be difficult
to study the roles; so much study is
necessary to do them well." And then
she hesitated and added, half timidly
that she feared there was another draw
back—she was not of the color of most
prima donnas, and some people might be
prejudiced against her on that account.
When it was suggested that make-up
and wigs can effect marvelous transforma
tions on the stage, the "Black Patti"
shrank back with a deprecating gesture.
'Try to hide my lace and deny my own
people? Oh. I would never do that," she
exclaimed; and with a ring almost of ex
ultation in her softly modulated voice she
added: "I am proud of belonging to them
aud would not hide what I am even for an
evening."
In reply to the reminder that while
prima donnas who play Suleikaand Aida
assume an African nationality which they
do not possess, Sissieretta Jones replied:
"Yes, but that is different. With me, if I
made »myself white, prejudiced people
would say I was ashamed of being
colored."
It is only about five months since the
Black Patti returned from an almost
triumphal tour of Europe. She was feted
everywhere, especially in Paris. In criti
cal Naples »ne sang with great success,
and in Rome, a city she only passed
through, crowds went to the depot to see
the colored singer and beg her to let
them hear her voice. She was a nine
days' wonder there, for colored people are
a great rarity, and colored singers are
quite unknown.
At Monte Carlo the Black Patti ap
peared at rive successful concerts in the
Casino, and in London the Prince of
Wales and his brother, the DuKe of Cam
bridge, Doth went to hear her sing.
"I enjoyed being in Europe, but im
portant business compelled us lo come
home," said Mrs. Sissieretta Jones. And
her husband added laughingly, ''And the
important business was that she insisted
on coming bacK to America to see her
mother."
LAZIEST PEOPLE ON EARTH.
Live in » Mountain Range Between the
Black >en And the Caspian.
The dirtiest people in the world have
recently been discovered by an explorer
in the Caucasus. They live in an inac
cessible mountain ranee between the Black
Sea and the Caspian, their Tillage being so
snugly hidden away that no Gov
ernment has yet been able to reach
them. As they were 2500 years
ago, bo they are to this day.
Seen from without there is a certain pic
j turcsqueness about a Svanetian village,
! although it merely consists of miserable
! stone hovels, without any attempt at form
lor adornment. Within the houses are
inconceivably filthy. They are filled with
rags, vermin and dirt of every description.
i ■
MISS LOU E. DRINKALL.
They possess no fireplace nor chimney.
I All the cooking, in fact, is done over a hole
I scooped out in the middle of the floor.
In these hou-es men and women and
children are huddled together; durine the
long winter months they are shut in days
at a time, the cattle often sharing their
quarters. Every aperture has to be closed
on account of the cold. This long impris
onment is, perhaps, tbe cause of the
degradation of the people. Horrible dis
eases result from it, which are aggravated
by an abnormal consumption of arrack.
the strong distilled drink of the Asiatics.
Besides being the dirtiest, they are prob
ably the laziest people on earth. It is an
invariable rule to make four days a week
holidays, with saints' days us extras.
Since they have adopted the holidays of
every other country with which have come
in contact, it is not surprising that tbe
men find little time for work.
Farming, bee-cuiture and cattle-breed
ing are the only industries of these lazy
people; throughout their territory there
is not a single manufactured article. Their
children marry while very young, they at
tend no school and lastly they have no
money.— Hartford Times.*
Sir William Macgregor receives the
Royal Geographical Society's gold medal
this year for his explorations in British
New Guinea, and Mr. G<orge Little
dale the patron's medal for his Pamir
journeys. The Labrador explorers, Messrs.
Low and Tyrell, receive grants of money.
An expert is responsible for tbe opinion
that the heart of a cyclist accomplishes in
twenty-four hours a task equal to lifting
100 tous oue foot from the earth.
CHILD AND BRIDE
OF JULY FOURTH,
Miss Drinkall to Become
an Actress on Her
Birthday.
PATRIOTIC AND LUCKY.
Born on Independence Day She
Favors It for All Great
Events.
WISHES TO DIE ON THAT DAY.
But She Hopes That All Fireworks
Will Cease on the Day of
Her Funeral.
Miss Lou E. Drinkall, who was born
on tbe Fourth of July, initiated into tbe
dramatic art on the 4th, and who is to
make her theatrical debut on the 4th, says
| she wishes to die on an Independence
day.
Aside from that, however, she aspires to
tbe highest refined comedy fame.
Miss Drinkall has already obtained
recognition by her paintings, which were
exhibited at the World's Fair, and has
dipped into literature to such an extent
that her writings— short stories and
poems— have been accepted by the leading
magazines of this country.
On the 3d day of last July she came
to Fred Belasco and stated her intention
of becoming an actress. She desired to
be^inatonce. He told her it would be
impossible to give her an initial lesson
until the sth day of that month.
But tne will that sometimes accom
panies talent was too strong for Mr.
Belasco's scruples. The consequence was
that on the Fourth of July Miss Drinkall
took her first lesson in her chosen profes
sion.
So for a year she has been studying dili
gently. There are black-and-blue spots, so
her sister says, on various parts of ber
body as a result of the zeal she has exhib
ited in her stage falls.
Twelve months of severe training has
Drought her to that trying period in the
lives of all actresses — the debut. Again
the will before mentioned has carried the
day, and Miss Drinkall will make he first
appearance, "just for luck's sake," as she
says, before her numerous friends on her
favorite day— the Fourth of July.
The stage will be draped with red. white
and blue buntings, and Old Glory will be
conspicuously displayed.
Yesterday as she discussed her debut
she sat amid a congregation of fireworks —
her birthday presents. In tact, her friends
dare not proffer her any other birthday gift
than a bunch of firecrackers or a bundle of
skyrockets.
One friend gave her a bunch of "can
non" and swears he will set fire to the en
tire pack on the rising of the first curtain.
It was even whispered among her near
acquaintances that she has purchased
bunting herself to decorate the stage on
the event of her managers not meeting
her patriotic demand.
Miss Drinkall is a Native Daughter and
comes of a family prominent in Califor
nia. Her father is one of the well-known
politicians of this State. It was her fam
;iy that directed her genius in the chan
nel of art, but nature will out, and on the
Fourth of July of her majority she
dropped pallet and maulstick for the
staL-e.
"It has always been my ambition," said
she, yesterday* "to be an actress. When a
little girl I would arrange an impromptu
stage in the nursery ana perform for the
edification of my audience of dolls."
"Are you married?" the interviewer
timidly asked.
"Yes, married to Fourth of July and the
stage, " answered she, without hesitation.
"I was born on that day, and some time— a
long, long number of years hence— l hope
to die on that day."
It has been generally acknowledged that
the face and figure of Miss Drinkall closely
resemble those of the famous Ada Rehan.
Ada Rehan has complete mastery of
facial expression. In this Miss Drinkall
comes into keen competition. Her won-
I derful knowledgeqf this arthas astonished
j her professional friends.
Christening a Ship.
Some English shipbuilders propose to
abandon the wine-christening ceremonies
a i- future launching of vessels, but will
substitute for it another idea Hereafter,
instead of breaking tbe bottle of cham
pagne on the vessel's nose the lady will
let loose a cageful of swift birds, which
will fly in all directions as the ship begins
to move, typifying the diverse nature of
commerce. The idea, which is borrowed
from the Japanese, teaches liberty and
economy.
On Crusoe's Island.
On Robinson Crusoe's Island, Juan Fer
nandez, there are only nine species of
land birds, two of them humminc birds
and four birds of prey. The humming
birds do not love the sunshine, but stay
in tbe shade. There are two kinds of sea
gulls about the island, the Fardela del dia,
a diver, and the Fardela de la noche,
which flies about ia tiocka at sunset.
KEW TQ.PAT.
FOURTHOFJULY
CELEBRATION.
JULY 4, 1896.
Aids to the Grand Marshal will report to the
Chief of staff at 9 a. m , mounted, at the junction
of Market and Main streets.
The various divisions constituting the parade
must i -e in ihe posi ions hereinafter assigned at
9:30 a. if. sharp. In order that no unusual oi un-
necessary delays may occur dilatory divisions will
fall in behind the rear division.
The various organizations constituting the divi-
sions will report to the Marshal in charge of their
respective divisions not later than 9:15 a. if.
Mursuals of Divisions will report promptly to
the Chiet of Staff, through an aid, when their divi-
sions are formed and ready to advance.
Tbe signal for advance wili be given at 10 a, k.
sharp. No Marshal will cause his division to ad-
vance until he receives orders to do so from the
Grand Marshal, through a Chief Aid.
The headquarter* of the Grand Marshal durine
the formation of divisions will be at the junction
of Market and Main streets.
LINE OF MARCH.
From the place of formation, at the junction of
Market and Main streets, proceeding up Market
street to the Intersection of Market and Montgom-
ery: thence along Montgomery to Bush; thence
along Bush to Kearnystreet; thence along Kearny
s ree to Market; thence alon^ Market to Van
Ness avenue; thence along Van Ness avenue to
Post street; countermarching on Van Ness ave-
nue the para le will be reviewed by the Grand
Marshal at tbe west intersection of Golden Gate
and Van Zsess avenues.
FORMATION OF THE PARADE.
Advance — At the junction of Market and Main.
First division will form on Main street, right
resting on Market street.
Second division will form on Drumm street, right
resting on Market street.
Third division will form on Beale street, north of
Howard, riifht resting on Market street.
l'ourtti division will form on Davis street, right
resting on Market street.
Fif:h division will form on Fremont street, north
of Howard, right resting on Market street.
Sixth division will form on Front street, right
resting on Market street.
seventh division will form on First street, right
resting on Market street.
Kighth division will form on Battery street,
right resting on Bush street.
Ninth division will form on Second street, right
resting on Market street.
Tenth division will form on Sansome street,
right resting on Suiter streer.
HENRY P. UMBSKN,
Grand Marshal.
CHARLES H. MURPHY,
Major and Chief of Staff.
PECALIA.
Grand Marshal— Ola-gola sash, gold trimmings,
white plume.
Chief of Staff— Badge, red, white and blue; Ma-
jor's full-dress uniform.
Chief Aids— Red, white and blue sash.
Aids to Grand Marshal — Red sash.
Marshals of Division— Red sash.
Aids to Division Marshals— Blue sash, silver
trimmings.
Chaplain— White and sold sash.
Chairmen of Committees, Orator, Poet and
Reader— Badges.
PLAN OF FORMATION OF PARADE,
JULY 4, 1896.
Platoon of San Francisco Police— Chief of Police
P. Crowley commanding; Company A, Captain
George W. Wittman; company B, Captain John
Spillane.
Golden Gate Band.
Grand Marshal — Old-gold sash, gold trimmings,
white plume— Henry P. Umbsen.
Chief of St»ff— Badee, red, while and blue, Ma-
jor's full-dress uniform— Major Charles H. Mur-
phy.
Chief Aids to Grand Marshal— Red, white and
blue sash, black plume— First Lieutenant, J. D.
Miley. V. s. a.: Second Lieutenant. John W.
Joyes, V. f. A.; Colonel James F. Smith, P. A.
Bergerot, W. W. Shannon, K. J. Vogel, will IX
Shea, J. P. Frazer, Nicholas U. Lang. Colonel W.
R. Parnell. L. G. Scliroeder.
Chairman Parade Committee— Red and white
sash— Captain John Tuttle.
Aids to Grand Marshal— Bine sash, black
plume— Char.es R. Nathan. Charles F. Knapp.
Oscar V. Gerzabek, David Buck, Harry \V.
Adams, W. M. Abbott, A. K. DagßUtt, G. Holland,
H. G. Vaughn, (Jeorge Newman, Dr. J. Albert
Noble, Thomas K. Kase. Wliilam Mclntyre. John
Mclntyre. <;. W. Burr. I'awson Mayer, Cant am D.
McDevitt. Frank W. Titus, (.eorge Hufschmidt
Walter H. Wood, A. Everdins, Patrick Lynch, C.
F. Humphres, Fred Butterfleld. Charles M. Brink
Fred Blumberg. N. K. Nary, Fred Vetter, Georce
H. Jr'riermuth, Master Earl Wilson, J. C. Ohlandt
Conrad Hilderbrandt, A. P. Rhodes, Charles'
Myall, Captain silk. F. E. Monteverde Jr., A. B
Noble. D. C->yne, Louis Goldstone, C. J. Hutch-
ings, W. Linden, A. K. McDevitt. John C. Slater
Gustavo Gunzendorffer, A. J. Donovan, James h'
Riley, Captain P. Sullivan.
I'nited Slates Troops.
First Infantry Band, U. S. A.
First Infantry Kegiment.
Battalion— Captain John J. O'Connell, command-
Ing. Company C. Lieutenant Frank O. Ferris-
Company r, Captain M P. Maus: Company k'
lieutenant S. A. Cloman: Company F, Captain
C. G. Star.
FIRST DIVISION.
Will form on Main street, with right resting on
Market street.
Itrlgadler-General R. H. Warfield, commanding.
Staff— Meurenant-Colonels J. C. Glestine and G. V.
Ili'.nnori; Majors Charles Jansen, Charles H. Mur-
phy, H. B. Hosmer, W. A. Halsted. C. J. Evans
J. H. Man els and D. X Dorn; Captains 8. U
Naphtalv and H. A. Westener: Sereeant-Majors
E. de Spaar and E. S. Crosby. Signal Corps sec-
ond Brigade, N. G. C, Captain C. C. Boardman
commaudlng.
N. O. C.
First Infantry Band.
First Infantry Regiment, K. G. C— Lieutenant-
Colonel Victor D. Duboce rommandlnK. Staff-
Major W. D. McCarthy: Captains Alfred J. Kelle-
herand P. J. H. Farrell: First Lieutenants i.ouls
Barrere. Kmil A. Kehrleln and Bert R. Herht.
First Battalion— Mxjor < harles Boxton com-
manding: Company D, Cantain Robert A. Mar-
shall; Company A, Captaiu John F. Connelly:
Company E, Captain Edward llt zpat rick; Com-
pany I, Captain K. Ritcher.
Second Battalion— Major Hugh T. sime com-
manding; Company M. Captain ThomnsF. O'Nell,
Comuany L. Captain John F. Eggert; Company B,
Captnlp Georce Filmer; Company H, Captain
Frank \V. Warren.
Third Battalion— Major Charles L. Tllden com-
manding; Company K. Captain Thomas J. Cun-
ningham: Company C, Captain J. W. Dumbrell-
Company F, Captain John A. Miller: Company G
Captain Edgar C. Sutliffe; Cadets, Captain J. R.
Moult hrop.
Fifth Infantry, N. (i. C. Fifth Infantry band.
Second Battalion— Major John F. Hayes com-
manding. Staff— Major J. P. Dunn, Captains D. A.
Smith and 1. A. Rottunzi, First Lieutenants A. A.
Boriini, J. H. Hendy, X K. Heller. C. C. Derby.
Company A, Captain Charles T. Poulter: Company
F, Captain George H. Wethern; Company G, Cap-
tain \V. F. Chipman.
Naval Battalion. W. G C— Lieut. Commander
L. H. Turner commanding. Staff— Lleuts. W E
Elliott, J. T. Sullivan, C. C. DennU, F. W. Harris,
A. E. Morgan. Ist Div., Lieut. C. A. Douglass- 2d
Dlv., Liiut. W. E. Ounn. Cavalry, S, G. C —
Troop A, Lieut. Charles A. Jenks.
SECOND DIVISION
Will form on Drumm street, right resting on
Market, in the following order:
Marshal, Harvey Burdell: Chief Aid, Leon
Jones; Aids— S. M. Carrand A. J. Vining
Second Artillery Band.
Ist— Veteran fiuard of California, Capt. J B.
Lauck communding. Sd— Members of o. A R —
(a) Lincoln Post No. 1, Harry W. Mortimer com-
mander: (b) Geo. 11. Thomas Post No. a A J
Vining commander: (c) Jas. A. Garfield Post No.'
34, R. R. Kilsore commander; (a) Col. Casst Post
No. 46, John O'Nell commander; (c) Gen. Geo E
Meade Post No. 48, J. b\ Goggin commander: (f)
Liberty Pon No. li 3, W. J. Park commander
3d— Veterans of the Mexican War. 4th— Sous of
American Revolution. 6th— Grand Army Floats—
(a) Seven Pine-i Circle; (b) Gettysburg Circle; (c)
Gettysburg Circle.
THIRD DIVISION
Will form on Beale sireet, north of Howard
right resting on Market.
Marshal, A. B. Maguire: Chief Aid, Thos. H.
Fallon: Aids— D. I. Maloney, Thos. K. Curtis,
Chas. B. Fcnn, John H. Sinenan.
Park Band.
First Regiment League of the Cross Cadets—
Col. W. c. Mahoney commanding. Lieut.-Col. M.
P. O'Shea. Staff— Capt. ana Adjutant Daniel C.
Deasy and A. P. Mulligan: Lleut.i. James Devlin
and H. F. Sullivan.
First Baf.alion— Maj. Daniel J. McGoin com-
manding; Lieut. Edward W. Fay. Co. A, Capt.
l-'rank S. Dra:ly; Co. M, Capt. T. Dinan: Co G,
Cupt. E. J. Power; Co. D, Capr. Jaa. Mcßrlde; Co.
X, Lieut. Peter Casey; Co. I, Capt. P. Haggertv.
Second Battalion— Maj. James Brouchou c com-
manding; Lieut. Edw. .T. Deusy. Co. C, Capt.
Kdw. Fitzgerald: Co. E. Cipt. Danl. J. McCarthy:
Co. H, Capt. James Tower; Co. B, CapU J. T.
Curley; Co. L, Capt. W. C. Clark. >
MEW TO-DAY: ;
: FOURTH DIVISION
Will form on Davis street, rUht resting on Market
in tbe following order: ■■-. .--.- :.. •
Marshal, M. Perich: Aids-Nicholas Morttzla.
Captain a. Kaicevich, Lieutenant de la Torre Jr.
Kamse.v's Excelsior Band.
Deuueher Krleger Verein, Captain Robert Wien-
ecke commanding:. Independent Bines. Captain
Schneider commanding: tan Francisco Turn
Verein, Captain F. Attlnger commanding- San
Francisco Schnetzen Verein. Captain John Boat*
commanding: Kintracht It ifle Section. Captain J.
A. Kuala, commanding: Italian Sharpshooters.
Austrian Military Band.
Austrian Military Company. Swiss Sharpshoot-
ers: Swiss Kifle Clnb, Captain Julias Leeman
commanding.
FIFTH DIVISION"
Will form on Fremont street, north of Howard,
right resting on Market, in the following order:
Marshal, Col. H. J. Burns: Aids— C. F. Hum-
phries, Fred Blum berg. . ■
Veteran Volunteer Fireman's Band.
Ist— Veteran Volunteer Fire Association. 2d—
S. F. Fire Department Equipage. Carriages—
i'irst carriage containing President of the Day
1.. Lent and Chairman of the Executive Com-
mittee C. J. King: second carriage containing
Mayor Adolph sutro; third carriage containing
Orator of the Day Zenas U. Dodge. Reader of the
Declaration of independence John W. Robinson,
and Chaplain the Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger. Car-
riages containing Committee, Board of (supervisors
In carriages.
SIXTH DIVISION
Will form on Front street, right resting on
Market street, in the following order:
Marshal, Robert it. Russ: Chief Aid, Capt. John
T. Scott: Aids— Lieut. W. G, Wlmmer. K. T.
Morns, G. W. Cavanaugh, P. Cronln, R. Pengelly,
J. J. Jamison, F. W. Wlslter.
Matthews' Band. - -
Float drawn by four white horses, drawing tho>
Goddess of Liberty— Miss Jennie L. Hedberg rep- 1
resenting "Columbia Rules the World," and Miss
Rene Henderson representing George Washington:
at the age when he cut the cherry tree. Becond—
Native Sons of the Golden West. Third— Float
drawn by four black horses, representing the Union
of States, with Miss Virginia Blennerhassett as
California. Fourth— Native Daughters of th»
Golden West In carriages.
Ehrman & Mauser's Band.
Float of Union Iron Works— model of battle-.
ship Oregon, with marines. Employes of the Union
Iron Works.? r ■• ' »r-r.v
SEVENTH DIVISION
Will form on First street, right resting on Mar-
ket street.
Marshal. Mark Lane; Chief Aid, L. M. McCord;
Aids— RoDert Greer, Z. T. Whiiten, Charles Klein.
Riizau's Baud.
Junior Order of U. A. M.— Lincoln Council No.
1, General (ieorgo Custer Council No. 2, Starr
King Council No. 6, U. S. Grant. Council No. 19,
J. A. Gartield Council, Alexander Hamilton Coua*
cil No. 35.
EIGHTH DIVISION . ,
Will form on Battery street, right resting on
Market in the following order:
Marshal, A. A. Garment; Chief Aid. B. Raddle;
Aids— C. Monte, M. Tovaruz. N. Mortizla. ,
Fwiss Military Band.
Council Florida Union No. 7, Council Amorda
de Pa.ria No. 5, float representing Vasco da
(jama's voyage to India.
Asahi Band.
Japanese Society, S. Vamato commanding.
NINTH DIVISION
Will form on Second street, right resting on
Market street, In the following order:
Marshal, James H. Humphries; Chief Aid,
Charles Bliss; Aids— James Curlett, Dr. C. L.
Bcharffi
Kbert's Band.
Foreign Consuls in carriages. Float— Protecting
the Flag, drawn by two dogs. in charge of Master
Albert Clark. Floats prepared by the children of
the following schools: James Lick school, "Mar-
riage of Pocahontas:" S-outh Cosmopolitan School.
"Hospital Service." City, State and other otllcials
In carriages. Citizens in carriages. .Float— Wire
cable from California Wire Works, drawn by fifty
horses. •
LITERARY EXERCISES
' AT....
THE AUDITORIUM,
Corner of Eddy and Jones Streets,
AT 3 O'CLOCK P. M.
Tivoll Orchestra (Director) Mr. Carl Martens
Pianist: Mr. Roscoe Warren Lucy
Musical Director Mr. John W. McKenzie Jr.
1. Overture— Medley of National Airs— Orchestra,
'2. Prayer— By Rev. Jacob Voorsani;er.
3. tar-spangled Banner"— Francis Scott Key—
Soloists and chorus under the direction of
&r. John W. McKenzie Jr.
SOLOISTS.
Mrs. W. A. Marco. Mrs. James Igo, Mrs. G.
Muhlner. Mrs. L. Lampe, Mrs. H. Grinelle. Mrs.
A. Poulson. Mrs. A. Hall, Mrs. J. Pettee, Mrs. A.
sorenson, Mrs. L. Ewlng. Miss V. Greenlaw, Miss
B. Connell. Miss J. Larson, Miss V. Rappin, Miss
M. v. Bredull. Miss R. Pelton. Miss K. Kelly. Miss
H. Frazier, Miss M. Leipsic, Miss T. Rosenbohm.
4. Address by the President of the Day— Mr. Sam-
uel L. Lent.
5. Reading "Declaration of Independence"—
John R. Robinson. - ■
6. Poem composed for this occasion by Mr. Louis
A. Robertson— Read by Professor E. Knowl-
ton.
7. Grand Chorus— "The Flag of Liberty"— Sung by
a chorus of 200 voices— Arranged by J. W.
McKenzie Jr." from the I celebrated "Father
of Victory" March and dedicated to the Na-
tive sons.
8. Oration by the Orator of the Day— Zenas U.
Dodge.
9. Patriotic Tableau— Vision of George Washing-
ton, the founder oi the Republic, surrounded
by his start— The American Flag with its
forty-five stars.
FIREWORKS.
The display of fireworks will be at the grounds
directly east of the "Chutes," on Haight street,
near Golden Park, commencing at 8:30 p. m.
The display will be a continuous one until com-
pleted.
PROGRAMME OK FIREWORKS.
1. Aerial salute, 26 stielis.' ' ■. ' •
2. Illumination of grounds.
3. Fine display of prismatic colors.
4. Crois-flre of Klgin batteries.
5. A fight of prismatic whirlwinds, 24 in number.
6. Display of l'J-inch shells, bursting at a great
altitude, displaying a rainbow of National
colors.
7. Cross-tire of. whistle fountains, antique and
amusing. •
8. Union battery, displaying National colors, 200
' feet lone. * ■ ,
9. Flight of fancy exhibition rockets.
10. Salvo shells, forming a "Tree of Liberty."
11. Display of willow-tree rockets.
12. Device. "Liberty Bell."
13. Flight of 9-Inch shells, making a bouquet of
great beauty.
14.. A set of peacock-plume. rockets, leaving be-
hind them a veil ■. of gorgeous feathery
plumes.
15. Flight of a hundred revolving rockets resem-
bling a mammoth wheel of fire.
16. Display of 12- Inch light bombshells, releasing
showers of gold, emerald and blue.
17. Blue and gold cross-fire battery. . *
18. A set of cornucopia rockets, releasing threa
distinct colors of red. white &nd blue.
19. Device, "American Eagle," surmounted on the-
emblems of "War" and "Peace." • :
20. Display of 24-inch shells, releasing emerald,
ruby and national streamers.
21. Flight of shooting-star rockets at a high alti-
tude, leaving a trail of brilliant colors.
22. Electric cross-fire oatterles in fourteen sec-
tions, emitting electric showers and golden
fountain 'spr.»y. i •
23. A set of darting shells, releasing darts of every
known hue.
24. Display of fancy exhibition rockets.
25. Musical batteries, imitation of a Chinese band.
26. Flying pigeons of fire.
27. Display of rainbow shells, forming a rainbow
of brilliant hues. ■ ■
28. Aerial bouquet: this represent a bouquet of
brilliant tire.
29. Wheel battery with a display of wheels re-
volving in counter directions.
30. Dts play of jeweled streamer rockets. ': '
31. Device, "Raising Old Glory." . •;• ,{:,-
32.' Aerial bombardment. -' • "■
33. Display, of diamond chain rockets, releasing
endless hanging chains of national colors.
34. Flight of 6-pound parachute rockets. • ■ - ■
35. Display of rose shells, lighting, the heavens
with roses of every hue. , ' .
36. The device. --George Washington,!' with a
wreath of suns. : -•...■*.•- >.-■•
37. Flight of 100. revolving rockets.
38. Ascent of prismatic dragon rockets, releasing
- • fiery tailed dragons. r■- ■• * "•'■
39. Display or electric shower rockets. ,-. •
40. Display of willow-tree she. ls. forming an im-
mense willow tree.
41. Ascent of prismatic whirlwinds, 24 in num-
. ber.
42. Flight of prismatic dragon shells.
43. Device motto. "Good-Night." :
TBESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
_ I— OJf THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
V* a :nts: 3
Vs^22Q MARKET aT.S.F>S^
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor. ;
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier.. 50.16
Dally and Sunday Calx, one year.by ma 11.... 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., six months, by mall.. 3.00
. Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
V'kxkxy Calx, one year, by mail 1.00
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Art yon going to the country on a vacation? If
to, It is no trouble for un to forward THE CALX, to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6*
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
'.v >W-.^ 617 Clay Street.
Telephone....:... Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES!
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark; a street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntn 8 o'clock.
2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Ninth street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
Booms 81 and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City-
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
SATURDAY JULY 4, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PBESIDKXT-
WILLIAH McKINLEY, of Obio
FOB VICF-PKESIDENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
*XKCTIO3< >'UV£IIBER 3, 1896.
Drop politics to-day.
Hear the great eagle scream.
Whoop up the glorious Fourth.
Don't hesitate to give utterance to your
patriotism.
Keep your eye on the firecracker and see
where the fire goes.
It is America against the world and all
Americans on deck.
There is no land like ours and this is tbe
time to remember it.
Celebrate to-day, rest to-morrow and
then give Monterey a call.
There may be queens of beauty else
where, but none are like ours.
There will be lots of noise in town to
day, but it will be a good noise.
Silver and gold will be merged to-day in
the glory of the red, white and blue.
Spread the eagle as much as you can.
There is no danger of busting the bird.
Critics may call it jingoism, but the peo
ple know that wnat they feel is American
ism.
If the fireman had his way he would fire
all the crackers into the wet ocean at one
swoop.
Get out with the crowd, mingle with the
people, catcb the enthusiasm of the oc
casion.
Tbe heat at Chicago to-day will come
dangerously near the point of spontaneous^
combustion.
Don't miss the parade, don't miss the
jeeches— take in tbe whole celebration
and rejoice in it.
We can remember to-day that even
Cleveland has a redeeming quality— he Ls
an American citizen.
"Yankee Doodle" is a good tune to
march to and every American knows bow
to keep the quickstep.
There may be in the woria some better
things than firecrackers, but none of them
go off with so much snap.
The play at Chicago is "Much Ado
About Nothing," but you will find the San
Francisco drama "As You Like It."
To make sure of good reading to-mor
row and full reports of the celebration,
leave orders to-day for The Bcsday Call.
Americans in all parts of the world will
unite to celebrate the day and Old Glory
will be honored and toasted ail round the
globe.
The parades and the pageants of the
celebration will be good practice for what
we are going to do when the carnival
comes.
The Democrats are welcome to whatever
Bland feeling tney may cherish at present.
It won't last long after the campaign gets
started.
We shall soon be divided into three
political camps, but to-day we are all one
people, with one country, one flag and one
aspiration.
There will not be much gambling on the
result of this election, as almost every
body has too mucti virtue to bet against
McKinley. _______
See to it that neither jour bouse, your
barn nor your woodshed gets mixed up
with the celebration and tries to make a
bonfire of itself.
The demand in this country for oratory
was always great, but it never yet equaled
the supply. Even to-day there will be
more in reserve than there is on tap.
American patriotism regards the Fourth
of July as something more than a holiday
for a* frolic, and every citizen should take
some thought of its meaning and its in
spiration, as well as of its pageants and its
firework?.
In the enthusiasm of to-day men of all
parties will unite with Republicans in re
sponding to Senator Tburston's pled re of
"a deathless loyalty to all that is truly
American and a patriotism as eternal as
tbe stars."
The Bulletin appeared ytsterday with a
new style make-up for its editorial page,
which in an attractive way distinguished
that from other pages of th« paper. This
is only one of the many instances in which
our contemporary has shown a progres
sive spirit and a willingness to change old
ways for better ones, so that it now rightly
takes rank among tbe more enterprising
Journals of the country.
INDEPENDENCE DAY.
One hundred and twenty years ago t©
day thirteen of the American colonies an
nounced their separation from tne king
dom of Great Britain by a formal declara
tion of independence. Then, as rapidly
as possible, the machinery necessary to
put the new Government in operation was
constructed on lines of personal liberty
and the sovereignty of the individual.
To-day we celebrate the anniversary of
that bold and daring deed, and it is not
only right that we should, but the people
of all nations could consistently join
with us.
Juiy 4, 1776, marked the beginning of a
new cycle in the political and social evolu
tion of the race, nor have the people of
any nation escaped the beneficent influ
ence of the music of liberty's bell, whose
echo still inspires men everywhere to
strive for truer and loftier planes of exist
ence. The American Declaration of Inde
pendence is now recognized the world
over as the ethical basis of true patriotism,
and as fast as the people of other lands
come to comprehend and appreciate the
deep and broad meaning of "a Govern
ment of tte people, by the people and for
the people" they grow restless for a wider
range of personal freedom, which is in
turn reflected as a mighty influence upon
the powers that be, and thus does the
spirit,, which inspired the American Dec
laration of Independence move upon the
hearts of all people.
But some of us misapprehend the inner
meaning of the Declaration of Independ
ence. It stands for the sovereignty of the
citizen and for personal liberty, but it no
where stands for license unconstrained. It
stands for liberty under law, but not lib
erty without law, for that would be an
archy. Our Declaration of Independence
is a principle or a theory, while our gov
ernment is a policy practically applied in
harmony with that principle or theory.
In conferring sovereignty upon the indi
vidual our system of government also en
courages education and individual wealth
accumulation, but, on the other hand, it
requires more of the intelligent and the
property-owner. It places greater ooliga
tiona upon such, because the same quality
of mind which enables one to acquire
knowledge from the deeper things of wis
dom and to gather material things in
quantities is required to formulate social
and political standards from time to time
that the onward and upward march of the
people as a whole may not be hindered by
their clinging to those things which served
their purpose yesterday, but which would
be inadequate to tbe requirements of to
day. "For unto whomsoever much is
given, of him shall be much required."
As an annual jubilee, the Fourth of
July should be bailed with rejoicing and
festivity by old and young alike, for it
comes as a benediction from the Over Soul
of humanity. There cannot be too many
loud huzzas, nor can expression of grati
tude to the Giver of every good and perfect
gift be too demonstrative. There is an in
timate relation and a close bond of union
between the effort of all in attempt to do
honor to the mightiness of the spirit of
the day we celebrate. The voice of liberty
sounds as musical to the ear of Freedom
in the outburst of the firecracker as in the
well-rounded and polished sentence of the
orator. Therefore let the firecracter be
unrestrained, and let "joy be unconfined"
everywhere. On this day Liberty stands
for confusion, for excitement, for bun
combe, for bombast, for self-glorification,
for unreasonable boasting and for the
boiling-over of patriotism, but in the
silence that reigns beneath it all the heart
singeth:
I do love
Mr country's pood, with a respect more tender,
More holy, and profound, than mine own life.
WHITNEY'S OPINION.
Mr. Whitney thinks he sees something
iv the troubles of the Democracy this year
which remind him of the predicament it
got itself into In ISGO. Whether he sees it
or not it is ttert, and, moreover, if he will
examine tbe cause and tbe effect of his
party's stupidity in 18G0 he will be able to
see that the people are getting ready to
again bury it for a long term of years.
For twenty-four year 9 tbe people kept the
Democratic party in limbo. Then they
permitted it to elect one of its members
President, and eight years later the entire
affairs of the Government were given into
Us bands. Mr. Whitney knows very well
what the consequences were of that foolish
act of tbe people, and if he would lay aside
his partisan judgment and analyze the
situation with bis practical, common busi
ness sense, no doubt be would quicKly
agree with tbe people that tbe business
interests of the country demand the re
burial of bis party for good and all.
It is true, notwithstanding the incom
petency of the Cleveland administration,
that the Democracy counts some of the
best men in the country among its dis
ciples, and were they in charge of the
party's affairs a very different showing
would be made. Mr. Whitney himself re
gards the present tariff law as an inex
cusable party blunder. In fact, he op
posed it on the ground that it left interests
at the mercy ot low-wage competition
which should have protection, and upon
other issues he has not been in harmony
with bis party for some years. But there
are thousands of other Democrats who
are not in sympathy with the Altgeld-
Bland-Tillman kind of Democracy, and
after they have battled to the last in the
Chicago convention for the Democracy of
Jefferson and Jackson they will cast their
political associations with Republicans.
There would be nothing strange in that,
for the Republican party was founded by
Whigs and Democrats, and there have been
many notable accessions from the ranks
of tbe Democracy. Grant, Stanton, Sheri
dan and Logan were Democrats until they
saw that the policy of the Republican
party was better suited to unfold and de
velop the wealth sources of the country.
Mr. Whitney will be quite welcome when
he concludes to come where he properly
belongs.
M'LEAN'S FEARS.
John R. McLean, the Ohio Democ
racy's favorite son and whom it will
boom for the nomination at Chicago, ex
presses fears that the goldbug!) will buy
up enough silver delegates to give them
control of the conveution. If Mr. Mc-
Lean's fears are well founded a most in
teresting state of affairs will be presented.
Will the payments be made in "sound"
dollars or in "50-cent" dollars? Accord
ing to the views hitherto expressed by the
silverites who will sell their votes silver
should have the largest possible field of
circulation and gold should not be re*
garded with so much distinction as Wall
street has given to it. On the other hand,
the goldbugs would not atoop to transact
business with silver. A middleman, it
would appear, would be needed to con
vert the goldbugs' yellow metal into white
metal before tbe transaction could be con
summated. This gold-silver complication
comes at a bad time for the good of peace
and harmony.
But is not Mr. McLean a little rash in
announcing —or the equivalent of an
nouncing—that the silver delegates are for
sale? That kind of announcement in his t
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
newspaper as a full-paid advertisement
would be all right, but it could hardly be
called good politics for a candidate to
notify his competitor that his delegates
were for sale. However, it is an affair be
tween Democrats, and Mr. McLean should
know better than we how many delegates
are on the market as commercial commodi
ties, but John R. McLean is himself a
very rich man in both gold and silver.
OBJECT LESSONS IN POLITICS.
Charles A. Dana, who was Assistant
Secretary of War during the Rebellion,
has been delivering; throughout tbe East a
lecture on Lincoln, which is at the same
time extremely interesting for its reminis
cences and accurate as to its facts. Among
the incidents of Lincoln's administration
upon which Mr. Dana dwells with the
most of detail are those which attended
the passage through Congress and the
adoption by the States of the constitu
tional amendment abolishing slavery.
The abilities of Abraham Lincoln as a
practical politician find ample illustration
in these incidents. As Mr. Dana relates
them, it appears that the conviction had
grown in the President's mind that the
passage of the amendment would be
worth in moral effect to the Nation an
army of a million men. It was found,
however, tha; two difficulties confronted
those who hoped and labored for the suc
cess of the measure.
The first of these was the lack of one
favorable State to make the requisite
three-fourths for its adoption. To obviate
this difficulty Mr. Lincoln suggested and
procured the admission of Nevada into the
Union in order that her vote might insure
the result. To the critics of a later day
who are inclined to sneer at Nevada as a
petty and superfluous State, Mr. Dana
cites the saying of Lincoln that "It is
easier to admit Nevada than to raise an
other million of soldiers."
The second obstacle which lay in the
way of the amendment was the perilous
closeness of the vote in the House. As
Mr. Lincoln viewed the situation it was
necessary to secure the favor of three
additional members in order to pass the
measure. He sent for Dana and made him
his authorized agent to procure these
votes.
Dana went to two Representatives from
New York and one from New Jersey to
solicit their favor for the amendment.
They each made demands for patronage
in return for their support, and
to each of them Mr. Dana gave
the assurance of the appointments
sought. The amendment passed by the
aid of these Congressmen, and in the cases
of two of them Mr. Lincoln promptly
made good the promise of his emissary.
In the case of the third the appointment
could not be made immediately for want
of a vacancy. Before the expected vacancy
occurred Mr. Lincoln was assassinated
and Andrew Johnson had become Presi
dent,
When Mr. Dana went to Andrew John
sen and stated to him the facts affecting
tbe appointment and reminded him of
Mr. Lincoln's solemn promise that it
should be made, and of the reason and re
sult of that promise, Johnson refused to
make good the martyred President's word,
upon the ground that "in the course of
his experience he had observed that such
bargains tend to immorality."
It may not be amiss to note that after
thirty-two years of reflection Mr. Dana
states it as his profound conviction
that this political incident "was
one of the most judicious, humane
and wise pieces of executive authority
that I ever assisted in or witnessed." The
question which it presents is one which
the political theorists and moral
ists of the present should ponder
deeply upon; which, was right, Abra
ham Lincoln or Andrew Johnson
in their judgment of the wisdom
and morality of the means by which slav
ery was abolished throughout our Nation
as revealed by this object lesson in the
practical politics of the time ?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
The particular feature of to-morrow's
issue of TnK Call will be the thrilling and
fascinating story of the raising of tbe
stars and stripes at Monterey just fifty
years ago next Tuesday. In this latter
day the narrative of that critical event in
tbe history of California reads more like, a
romance than the mere recital of histori
cal data. Three of the men who were
present at that memorable event, and they
are among the very few living eye-wit
nesses, tell the story in their own lan
guage. It is a story full of living, human
Interest, and one that no person will care
to miss reading. The narrative has been
faithfully and handsomely illustrated.
Aside from this there will be the usual
and many new and novel features in The
Call to-morrow. It will be, as ever, dis
tinctively a California newspaper, in fact
THE Bunday newspaper of the State.
ALTGELD'S BED FLAG.
It is to be heped that Altgeld will fail of
his purpose to begin and conclude the
business of the Chicago convention in one
day by gagging niß opponents. No politi
cal party furnishes a precedent for Biich
action. The people of this country abhor
the "gag," and their contempt for those
who would use it is boundless. Political
and Teligious differences are laid aside
when an attempt is made to apply the
'•gag" and as one man the people rise in
protest against it. The gag is the weapon
of the coward and the assassin, and only
he who ia conspiring to deprive others of
their rights ever attempts to use it. The
right of free speech and a fair hearing is a
fundamental principle of this Government,
and Americans everywhere are to-day cel
ebrating the one hundred and twentieth
anniversary of the rooting and grounding
of that right in the hearts of the people,
and without reference to party affiliation
tbe demand comes tbat there shall be fair
play In the Chicago convention.
Governor Altgeld is the leader in the
move to gag ail who are opposed to certain
party declarations, and his methods are
the methods of tbe anarchist. As Gov
ernor of Illinois he may pardon the ene
mies of law and order when they are con
victed. That is a matter between himself
and the people of hi* State, but when he
undertakes to gag representatives from
every State who are in Chicago at the
bidding of their constituents, he should
know that he is under the condemnation
of every liberty-loving man, woman and
child in all this broad land. Mr. Altgeid
should know that the people of the United
States are not ready to substitute anarch
ism for republicanism; that they are not
ready to remove George Washington from
their hearts to make room for Herr Most,
and that they are not ready to furl the
stars and stripes and unfurl the red flag of
arson, murder and plunder.
It is not now a question of "silver crank"
or "goldbug" supremacy in the Chicago
convention, so far as the general public is
concerned, but it is a question of right
and justice. The people have not forgotten
that the men for whom Altgeid opened the
doors of the penitentiary that they might
resume their warfare upon society repre
sented in the Haymarket riots tbe same
principles of government that Aitgeld is
tryine to force reputable citizens of every
State in the Union to accept. But surely
there is enough true American manhood
in the Chicago gathering of Democrats to
overwhelm the audacious representatives
of red fiagism. If there is not, let the
word Democrat, stand hereafter for every
thing that is at war with law, order and
good government.
There are at least ten chances to one
that the best oration on this Fourth of
July will be delivered by some obscure
young orator in a country town and will
never be reported. To famous orators
such occasions are productive mainly of
mere perfunctory speeches, but to youth
they are full of inspirations and not in
frequently prompt genuine eloquence.
While we are exalting in the greatness
of our country let us not forget the illus
trious men who founded it nor the heroes
who defended it and preserved it for the
perpetuation of our independence and
prosperity.
Our patriotism will be as warm as that
in the East, but our weather will be cooler,
and there is comfort in that.
The monument to Jefferson Davis may
be a fine piece of work, but it will never be
anything more than a tombstone.
PERSONAL.
C. B. Spring, U. S. N., was at the Russ last
night.
W. E. Kerzinger, a journalist of Redding, is a
guest at the Russ.
Dr. C. H. Castle, a physician of Merced, bas a
room at the Grand.
James Nichols of Dublin arrived yesterday
at the Lick with his wife.
Dr. D. H. Bair, a railroad man of Sacramento,
is at the Grand with his family.
Silas Carle, the Sacramento contractor, is at
the Lick on a brief business visit.
J. Ross Trayner, a fruit merchant of Marys
ville, Is among the Grand arrivals.
J. G. Day, the contractor of Cascade, Or.,
returned to the Palace last evening.
M. V. Brown, a fruit-buyer and shipper of Los
Angeles, is among the Grand's guests.
Cyrus C. Babb of the United States Geological
Survey is registered at the Occidental.
A. Eclcman, a druggist and mining man of
Oroville, is a late arrival at the Grand.
P. S. Carter, an officer of the United States
navy, is making a short stay at the Cali
fornia.
Thomas Diamond of Virginia City, formerly
foreman of the Hale and Norcross mine there,
is at the Russ.
J. EL Martin of Woodland, who buys stock
for the wholesale butchering business," arrived
at the Russ yesterday.
Robert H. Dunn and wife, who have a private
boarding-house on the campus at Stanford Uni
versity, are guests at the Palace.
C. Roghe of Hongkong arrived from the East
last night and went to the Occidental, where
be will remain un til he continues his journey
homeward.
A party of about fifty civil engineers and
their friends returned to the Palace last night
after having visited Del Monte and Santa Cruz.
From here they will go East to their respective
homes.
C. A. Lanchheim of the United States Marine
Corps Is at the California. He came from the
north recently to attend tie court-martial
held the other day at Vailejo, where he acted
as Judge-advocate.
Colonel Alex G. Hawes, who left San Fran
cisco a little over a year afro to accept the po
sition of manager of the New York Life In
surance Company in England, returned from
London Thursday evening last.
Juan L. Marshall, an old resident and
wealthy landlora of Mazatlan, Mex., arrived at
the Occidental yesterday for what is his seven
teenth annual visit to San Francisco for a few
weeks of sightseeing and pleasure.
John R. Saliu, president of the Pacific Tele
graph and Telephone Company, accompanied
by his wife and two daughters, left yesterday
for New York en route to Europe. The party
expect to put in four months seeing the Old
World.
L< M. Fletcher has been appointed general
Pacific Coast freight agent of the Missouri Pa
cific Railway Company, St. Louis, Iron Moun
tain and Southern Railway Company, and
leased, operated and independent lines, with
headquarters in this City.
G. Pacheco of Ipnaclo, Contra Costa County,
arrived at the Grand yesterday with his wife
and two children. He is built on a generous
plan, as was his father, who was one of the first
Spanish settlers in that county and a man so
very large that the oldest inhabitant does not
remember having seen his equal.
Mrs. Lucy l\ McCaun. who lectured exten
sively at the Atlunta Exposition on the re
sources and interesting features of California,
returned from the East last night and regis
tered at the Grand. Mrs. McCannwillgo to
day to her home in Santa Cruz, from which she
has been absent for so many months.
John 1. Sabin, president of the Telephone
Company, started last night for a three months'
tour of Europe. He was accompanied by Miss
Grace Sabin, Miss Pearl Sabin and Miss Alice
Cowen, who for the last three years has been a
student at Stanford University, but who pur
poses to remain in Berlin for four years and
perfect herself upon the piano.
John West Thompson, nephew of the United
Statei .Minister to Brazil and ton of the
well-known journalist of Redwood City, re
turned yesterday from Portland, Or., where
he bas been connected for the past year with
the Portland General Electric Company. He
is a graduate of the electrical department of
Stanford University, where, during his college
days, be was a champion tennis-player. After
a visit with his parents he will probably go to
Japan, where there is said to be a good field
for an electrical engineer.
Sissurretta Jones, "the Black Patti," arrived
at the Russ yesterday from New York. This is
her first visit to the Pacific Coast. She is ac
companied by her husband, D. R. Jones, who
declared yesterday that the madame is tbe only
genuine, died-in-the-wool Black Patti. although
many pretenders have assumed the title in
order to profit by the reputation Mrs. Jones has
long enjoyed both in America and in Europe.
In proof of his assertions Mr. Jones showed
complimentary notices by the press of different
cities in Europe and in the East. The well
known coloted songstress will be in this City
six weeks.
William B. Jones, who returned on the Marl
posa from a four months' excursion to Japan,
China and the Hawaiian Islands, says that the
$75,000 hotel built near the great fire crater on
the Island of Hawaii, is a while elephant just
at present, because the crater has not done
business at the old stand for eighteen months,
excepting an early and brief spring opening it
beld in January. The volcano is the great at
traction for tourists, and the first question that
is asked a stranger in Honolulu is, "Have you
seen the volcano?" The lake of fire was the
pride of the Kanaka's heart, but to-day, like
the Democratic party, its fire is out, and only a
cloud of smoke issues forth from the yawning
blackness as a sort of bluff at activity. Mr.
Jones says that the Japanese are very much in
favor of Japan for the Japanese, and are rap
idly doing for themselves what they formerly
baa foreigners do for them. In the party of
which Mr. Jones, who is from Newbnryport,
Mass., bad charge, were: laaao H. Smith of
Brooklyn, N. V, an ex-Alderman and promi
nent member of the o. A. R., wbo la now ex
tensively interested in Brooklyn real estate;
Theodore E. Smith of Brooklyn, president of
theSpencerian Steel Pen Company, and Samuel
N. Hoyt and William Schweckendleck, retired
merchants of New York, the former having
been a member of the New York Produce Ex
change. The party is at the Palace for a few
days' rest before continuing tbe homeward
journey.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 3.-E. C. Burr
arrived on the North German liner Lalin.
Mrs. H. Tooke left the Westminster to sail for
England. At the Astor— O. Blonkart. Murray
Hill— W. H. H. Hart, A. Lauer. Park Avenue
— O. W. Jones and wile. Grand— G. Tafferd
and wife. Continental— S. H. Emery. St.
Denis— C. S. Deane, Paul Newman Jr. Mrs.
Beatty and Mrs. Backer sail on the American
liner Paris for Southampton; also Mrs. A. A.
mutt,
THE NATION'S BIRTH.
Upon Olympian heights in solemn state.
Three censors stood, whose eyes were all aglow,
And tnese were History and Time and Fate,
Watching tbe nations en the plain below.
There flowed the stream of ages, and it ran
O'er silent sands with wrecks of empire strewn:
Where ruin marked the handiwork of man,
And cities crumbled in the dust alone.
Upon the left a mist hung in the air—
"Canst tell," asked Time, "what rests beneath
the haze •"
And History shook 4ier head ; ' 'I do not dare
To solve the secrets of creation's days."
There rose thp pyramids from out the plains
To tell of Egypt's glory and decay;
Where the dumb Sphinx with eye of cold disdain
Faced forty centuries of Time's delay.
And in the glare of the remorseless sun
There bleached the bones of long forgotten hosts,
On fields where hate and pride the conquest won,
To make a nation's tyrannies their boast.
Where the rude sword was master of the law,
Holding Its right in undisputed lease;
Where victors, glutted with the spoils of war,
Disdained to use tae perfect glfto of Peace.
Thus mighty kingdoms tottered to their fall;
The work of ages shattered in a day,
Because the blinded builders of tbe wall
Discarded marble to make room for clay.
Beholding this. Time's bosom swelled with pride:
"Where lives the nation that survives with me •"
And at his side the voice of Fate replied,
"'Twaa born to-day: the Nation of the Free."
And at its birth a flag unknown before
Unfurlea its flashing colors to the sun,
Till power to crush it was proclaimed no more,
And right to bear it was forever won.
And those who fell beneath its tattered folds,
Fire-scathed and battle-scarred, are with us now;
For with the flight of those unshackled souls,
A touch immortal pressed the martyr's brow.
Then ceased the clash of conflict, and the chain
That bound the limbs of valor was undone;
Men reared to Liberty a lasting fane,
A nd Peace looked down upon a conquest won.
Then the broad land knew plenty and content;
The swift loom hummed, the cheery anvil rung;
In other climes the ear of Hope waa bent
To catch Hie stirring strains which Freedom sung.
To-day a smile illumes tbe face of Fate,
The pen of History records us free,
And Time looks on this glorified estate,
But the beginning of a realm to be.
Then reign, O King! in thy accepted might.
While Peace shall live, and War no longer frown;
Thy scepter, naught but heritage of right,
The halo of eternal years thy crown.
Sak Davis.
AT YERBA BUENA FIFTY-SEVEN
YEARS AGO.
The first celebration of the Fourth of July at
Yerby Bueirawas in 1839, the families of all
the prominent residents being invited to the
festivities, which were under the management
of tbe Americans attached to the three or four
American vessels lying in the harbor.
The celebration was held at the residence of
Jacob P. Luse, situated at a point which is now
on Dupont street, between Washington and
Clay. The invitations extended to the persons
living about the bay were very generally ac
cepted.
Among the most notable persons present
were Don Joaquin Estudillo, with his beauti
ful wife and lovely daughter; Don Ignacio Mar
tinez, with his four handsome daughters; Cap
lain William Richardson of Sausalito, his wife
and daughter, who was one of the belles of the
country; Don Victor Castro aud his amiable
wife; the Sub-Prefect Don Francisco Guerrero
and his pretty wife; Alcalde Don Francisco de
Haro, with his charming daughters.
Salutes were fired from the vessels at noon
of the 4th. A grand dinner took place during
the evening, iollowed by a ball which was
kept up till dawn of the next day.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
FATE OF DEMOCRACY.
Galvanic Suow of Life Only— A Doomfdx
Prophecy.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib: It
does seem to me past belief that men of sense
can be led as they are led all the time by
shams which mere boys uot yet in their teens
should see through at once in times like those
in which we now live. As I write to-night
(July 2) tbe air throbs with threats from Dem
ocratic throats that gold shall not rule the
party. Grant that those wbo shout so loud and
vex the air with threats so dire mean to down
the gold power. It is just here that these men
play the fool: The gold forces go there for
the sole purpose of being put down — to blind
the fool people. No man who thinks can fail
to see that two goid candidates would divide
the gold vote, and gold men have no party —
they are for goid just as railroad men are lor
their own schemes.
Let us look at the fight now on at Chicago in
alight as broad and clear as that of high noon.
To divide silver men aud keep them apart is
the one task now tn hand by gold men. In
fact it is the sole hope left them. But as a part
of their nly scheme they must keep up a sham
fight for gold to fool the people, and, sad to
aay, the people are fooled — far more of them at
least than a man of sound sense would think
could be made fools of by such a trick. "Di
vide and conquer." It is an old rule. It works
well in tht! present game of politics.
But my aim at this time is just to say a word
on this point and pass on to quite another
thing ; I mean tbe fate of the Democratic party.
What I write here shall be the truth as near aa
I can see It and state it I trust the time is
now past when men who claim to be fair wilt
think it worth while to try to make the false
aeem to be the true. This is a time which does
in fact try men's uouis, aud they want the
trutb.
As I turn to the East in my thought to-night
I can see no hope for a silver Democratic can
didate for the Presidency in New York, New
Jersey or Connecticut, and of course not in
any other of tbe gold ruled States of the North
east. That means, if we take a full sense of
the change of political feeling now sweeping
over the land, that Democracy in all those
States at least will go to sleep this fall beside
its old-time foes, the Whigs, and be as dead ai
they are.
Silver will not save them in the South. It is
too late. Texas is gone. Men who know the
facts and will tell the trutb will say at once
that the gold Democrats of Texas have split
the party in twain where it was already safe
for tbe Populists. It is much the same in
Georgia, Alabama acd North Carolina. I
think these five great Southern States are lost
to Democracy. Populists in all the Btates will
unite with silver men on the terms proposed—
the whole money question, but not silver
alone — at St. Louis July 22. They cannot and
will not unite with Democrats as a party on
any terms; they do not think of such a thing.
Nor will silver Republicans joiu them. Silver
Democrats of good sound sense can in fact
have no hope that they will win. Infatuation
now seems to possess them at the assembling
convention. But infatuation is a breath, soon
lost in thin air.
There will be a real unjon of silver forces at
St. Louis by the Populists and true silver men
from both old parties on joint candidates with
separate but uot antagonistic platforms. Good
Democrats will vote the Republican ticket.
Only infatuated partisan Democrats who think
they are silver men will vote the Democratic
ticket. Democracy will be third in the race
and will break its neck. It will disappear as a
National party next November.
I close with adoomful forecast of the fate of
Democracy, made in March, 1593, soon after
Mr. Cleveland was inaugurated, by Julius
Erickson, and a copy of it was filed with the
librarian at Washington at the time, and an
other copr was sent to the Arena Magazine
published in Boston. 1 can only give extracts
from it, for it tills three pages of the Arena, vol
10, No. 4, for September, 1894. It is entitled
"An Astrological Forecast of the Administra
tion of President Cleveland."
While I am not much addicted to astro
logical or any other kind of prophecy, bibli
cal or Chaldaic, 1 confess that this forecast
made a profound impression on my mind when
It was published in September, 1894, the more
so that at the time it was made, just after Mr.
Cleveland was inaugurated, it was the general
belief that he would have a prosperous career
and a successful administration of our National
affairs.
My first quotation is made from the third
paragraph, p. 537 : "The President's judgment
in many cases will be decidedly at variance
with the policy which the public will expect
to emanate from the bead of the Democratic
party," • • "and he will have a far more
troublesome, annoying and anxiously vexa
tious time than any President has had aince
Lincoln."
On p. 538, at the close of tbe eighth para
graph, it is said: "But the most disastrous
time of the whole will eventuate in 1896, and
the close of his term will witness the most
•tartllng changes in the political history of the
United State*. "
Room must be made for the whole of the
next (tae ninth) paragraph: "The indications
point to an entirely new party, the formations
of nev principles, new men and new ideae,
which will lead to the relegation of the Demo
cratic party to tne black forest of oblivion.
The Cleveland administration enters with the
blare oJ trumpets and a blaze of glory; but
will depart under a cloud of s mis ter conditions,
and at that eventful time the following pre
diction will be verified: The Democratic party
will fail to elect its candidate in 1896 if it
places one in the field."
It has seemed to me that this remarkable
forecast would prove to be very interesting
reading just as the Democratio National Con
vention is assembling in so much confusion at
Chicago. Joseph Asbuky Johnson.
San Francisco, July 2, 1896.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
M. Antoine, the new conductor of tne Paris
Odeon, was an underpaid employe in the Paris
Gas Works eight years ago.
Tbe German Empress has during tbe last
year grown much stouter, and she is seriously
thinking of trying some -cure, as she has a
groat horror of growing too fat.
The Empress Eugenic appears to have bad a
miniature ovation at Algiers. As the car
riages containing the Empress and her suite
passed along there were loud cheers, in which
the Arabs joined.
It is rumored in English official circles that
Prince Alexander of Teek is anxious to join
the Soudan expedition. It is unlikely, bow
ever, in view of the death of Prince Henry of
Battenberg that he will be able to obtain the
(.veen's consent.
Richard Croker, who .became famous about
thirty years ago as a toy soprano in the choir
of Trinity Church, adopted the name of Delia
Rosa when he grew up, and became well known
as a barytone. Some time ago he inherited a
fortune and is now living in London.
liOf the Boer witnesses in England in connec
tion with the Jameson case, one ol the most in
teresting is Lieutenant Eloff, the grandson of
President iCruger. It was he who went out to
meet Dr. Jameson and was disarmed. Mr.
Eloff pere was at one Time private secretary to
his father-in-law, the President.
The Abigail Adams Chapter of the Daughters
of the Revolution, of Quincy, Mass., has
erected a cairn on the top of Payne's Hill in
memory of Abigail Adams, the mother of
John Quincy Adams. It marks the spot where
she, with her son, John Quincy Adams, then a
boy of 7, watched the smoke of bnrnlng
Charleston and listened to tbe guns at tbe
battle of Bunker Hill.
A touching account is given by the friends of
Sir John Millaia of the distinguished painter's
state. He cannot speak, and can only com
municate with those around him by writing.
But, in spite of all that neis suffering he keeps
his good spirits wonderfully, never loses his
patience, and is at all times full of thought for
those around him. Indeed, it is said that
hardly one of his written communications to
the watchers by his bed has had any reference
to himself or his own wants. It is always of
others that he seems to be thinking.
Russians are fond of telling the story of the
answer given to the Emperor when his Majesty
proposed to his future wife. "The Emperor,
my father, has commanded me to make you
the offer of my band and heart." was tbe
Czarewitch's quaint way of putting it. "And
my grandmother, the Queen," replied the lady,
"has commanded me to accept the offer of
your hand; your heart I will take myself."
It Is said, and on good authority, that the Em
peror is passionately devoted to bis wife, and
tbat she is equally fond of him.
AN EVERY-DAY DRESS FOR LIT
TLE GIRLS.
A simple little gown with a baby waist but
toned in the back is shown here. The sim
plicity of the design, in combination with its]
pieturesqueness, recommends it. The collar
may be made detachable, which is a feature
always appreciated, as two collars may be
used, making variety, and if one is washable
the usefulness of the gown is doubled.
A brown and white wool dress had one col
lar of brown satin, with a band of heavy
creamy lace laid an inch from the edge. The
other collar was of sheer white lawn, trimmed
with Valenciennes lace.
A plain myrtle green cashmere, with one
color of plaid silk and another of white lawn,
is very effective.
Wasn dresses of gingham are shown with
collars of the same trimmed with embroidery.
Blue cambric with collar of white piquet is a
pretty combination, and white piquet with
collar of blue or pink cambric is always
dainty.
This pattern is No. 7839 and cuts in six sizes
for Ito 6 years. A medium size requires 2'i
yards of 44-inch or 4 yards of 27-inch goods. '
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"I went to Funnyman's lecture the other
night."
"Did you? Quite a feast, wasn't it?"
"Yes. It reminded me of a dinner I had in
Virginia once— goose stuffed with chestnuts."—
llarper'3 Bazar.
"Is he truly go great a connoisseur?" asked
the donbting one.
"Great!" replied the man who knew. "He
knows so much about technique that he can
tell at a glance whether the motif for a poster
was evolved from absinthe or Welsh rabbits." —
Cincinnati Enquirer.
They were leaning over the fence.
"Harry," she murmured, "what makes the
cattle walk so carefully?"
"I don't know, darling," he replied, "unless
It is because they are afraid of the cowslips."—
Philadelphia Record.
"When I'm a man," began Bobble.
"What will you do?" asked bis mother.
"I'll name my boy after popper and my, how
I'll spank him."— Harper's Bazar.
Jack's Mamma— There were three slices of
cake in the pantry, Jack, and now there are
only two. How does that happen?
Jack— lt was so dark in there, mamma, that
I didn't see the third one.— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"Were there many people at the circus?"
asked Frances' mamma, when the little girl
returned in the care of her uncle.
••Yes, indeed," replied Frances; "there was
an awful large congregation."— Harper's
Bazar.
Miss de Pink— l will be <o glad when George
and I are married and he can have a home of
his own.
Friend— He boards now, I suppose.
"Yes, and such a time as he must have. Even
their coffee can't be anything but hot water
and burnt peas, because he has to chew real
coffee half the time to make up."— New York
Weekly.
Batan— So you are an actor, eh? What roles
did you essay?
Soul— l touched nothing but Shakespearean
tragedy.
Satan {to aid)— Here, smoke this ham thor
oughly, please.— New York Press.
"I wish I could have lived in the days when
men were brave enough, to fight duels for the
smiles of women," said the girl with the
dreamy eyes.
"But they couldn't set up the icecream soda
in those days, for there wasn't any," said the
girl with the tilted nose; and the dreamy girl
concluded that perhaps the modern times were
best.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
First spinster— What do you think the com
ing man will be like?
Second spinster, wearily— Oh, I don't know.
I don't believe he's coming. I have given up
looking for him.— Harper's Bazar.
"You have your clothes made almost exactly
as I do," he remarked to the tailor-made gill.
"Yes," she replied. "The principal differ
ence is that mine are always paid for on deliv
ery."—Washington Star.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Honor the Mothers. ,
San Diego Union.
In an El Paso court recently a woman was
sworn as a witness. When the common ques
tion, "What is your occupation ?" was asked
her, she replied, "That of a wife and mother.
It Is recorded that the Judge thereat smiled.
He would have done better had he bowed.
Better Outlook for Farmer*.
Visalia Times.
The Southern Pacific Company has met the
cut in freight rates made by the Valley road
and in one or two instances has lowered the
rates a trifle. That is what we expected and
whenTulare County has both roads bidding
for business the farmers will see better times
at once. / • ■
Viewed From Fresno.
Fresuo Republican.
It would seem to be entirely unnecessary for
Corbett and Sharkey to look for a safer place
than San ' Francisco for their fight. A little
donation to charity and free passes placed
where they will do the most good will evi
dently give them all the Immunity from the
law that they may desire.
One Little Omission.
Fresno Republican.
The managers of the Los Angeles Fiesta made
a mistake in omitting from the fantastic fea
tures of the carnival parade a representation
of the scheme to divide the State by action of
the Boards of Supervisors. A pigmy slicing
the moon with a cheese-knife would fairly
illustrate the character of the enterprise.
Get a Home.
San Jose Mercury.
Every young man ' should lay by < a little
money right along for the ultimate purpose o
buying a town lot or a few acres of land. Once
paid for, he has the foundation for a future
home, and, from a temporal standpoint, the
acquisition of a home is the chief thing to
strive for. • ' "
Law and Prize-Fights.
Fresno Republican.
The fact that California has a strict an 11
-prize-fighting law cuts no figure in San Fran
cisco when the great Mr. Corbett proposes to
knock somebody out for the public edification
and the money there is in it. There is much
advantage in being a great man if your busi
ness is in the line of defying the law.
A Forced Seduction.  -.
Fresno Republican.
The announcement of the Southern Pacific
freight department that it will meet the ini
tial cut in grain rates made by the competing
road in this valley is not at all surprising.
The former will not only have to meet this Im
portant reduction, but a great many more in
the future, to all of which the beneficiaries,
the producers and the consumers, respond with
a hearty amen.
Tightening: the Coils.
Los Angeles Times. - .
Los Angeles is at present free of Southern
Pacific domination, but- that corporation is
slowly tightening its coils about us. Already
it owns a majority of the bonds of the Atlantic
and Pacific Railroad. Its ourpose is to secure
that line, wipe out competition to this city, as
it has been able to do in Northern California,
gain control of the deep-water habor for South,
crn California, and then clap on the screws.
No Bolters.
. Yreka Journal.
The San Francisco Examiner sent a telegram
to its correspondent in this place this week,
asking for a statement and photograph of all
Republicans who would bolt the party by
reason of .-the financial plank. None of any
prominence whatever could be found, as all
the Republicans in Siskiyou are too loyal to
leave the party, even if their views were not
In full accord with every plank in the plat
form. The Examiner will have its hands full
looking after bolters in its own party after
next month, without attending to Republi
cans. ; '■ ■■■ ■
A Sample of New York Weather.'
Vallejo Times.
When skies are clear and breezes balmy in
California, they must be having disagreeable
weather back in New York, judging from this
outburst in the Herald of the Bth ult: "Of all
the soggy, uncomfortable, intemperance-breed
ing, reptilian, unseasonable, bedraggling,
disheartening and mackintosh-drenching days
ever sent to tnis island by the Deity or person
in charge of the weather, yesterday was easily
the chief of sinners, the nastiest on record;
the off-scour ings of a disreputable winter, the
combined cussedness of February, March and
April rolled into — in short, words fail to
to do justice to its damp and exasperating
turpitude."
Show Your Colors.
Placer Argus.
We are glad to notice that the San Francisco
Call is not too metropolitan or cold-blooded
to run the Republican National candidates at
the head of its editorial page. There is quite
a class of journalism, especially In the larger
cities, that arrogates to itself a degree of wis
dom and icines.s that has led to sidetracking
this frank old expression of political prefer
ence. The journals of this class like to be con
sidered nominally Republican, or nominally
Democratic. We remember, just slightly, the
times and conditions of New York during the
so-called "Albany regency." While the Cros
wells were conducting the Albany Argus and
Thurlow Weed was conducting the Albany
Journal their readers did not have to read a
column of editorials to find out where they
were. At the heads of ' their columns were the
candidates of their choice, and their Demo
cratic and Whig preferences were too plain to
require microscopic investigation. Show your
colors, brethren I Tub Call sets a good ex
ample.
Molasses crisp popcorn. Townsends. •
• — ♦ «
Best peanut taffy In the world. Townsend's.'
•—• — ♦ — »
Famous broken, mixed candies. Townsends.*
— •—• — ♦ — • , . .
Soft Baby Cream 15c. lb. Townsend's. •
- — » ♦ — • ■
Horn's School for Boys at Burlingame re.
opens August 4. Address Ira G. Hoitt •
•—• — * — •
A nice present— Townsend's California Glace
Kruit, 50c. lb., in Jap baskets. 627 Market. •
If you want fine service, fine carriages com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pacific Carriage
Company. • ■■'■'« ;-.- , ■■ • .
Special information, daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Montgomery. •
■ * ♦ — •
Beware of Ice-Water.
Stockton Independent.
Ice-water is as dangerous as strychnine dur.
ing hot weather, though it is not so quick a
poison. The death of General John McComb
Is directly traceable to immoderate drinking
of that beverage. He was in poor health, and
the shock produced by drinking copious
drafts of ice-water brought his disease to a
climax from which he had not the strength to
rally. Ice-cold water Is only safe when drunk
in moderation and slowly, so as not to shock
or chill the stomach.
Are You Going Bast?
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Santa Fm
ronte-is the coolest anil most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation aud absence ot
alkali dust. Particularly adapted ior the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run dally through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors and porters. Tick
et office, 644 Market street, Chronicle bulldtnc.
Telephone, Main 1531.
Northern Paoitlo Railroad.
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
ventiOD at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorort at
Washington and National Educational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. J'or particulars inquire or
T. K. Stateier, Gen. Agt., 6SB Market St., 3. W,
By adding 20 drops of Dr. Slegert's Angostura
Bitters to every glass diseases from drinking pollu
ted water are avoided.
Begin to use Ayer"a Hair Vigor now. and by
the next Fourth of July your hair will be "a
thing of beauty."SATURDAY?. JCLY4. Ui96
AMUSEMENTS.
Cat tfobnia Theater.-"A Bunch of Violets."
foirwßiA 1 hkatkk--'Hls Wife's Father."
Vobosco'b <jfkr_-HocBk-- Oneof the Bravest-
TivoM Op«:ha-Hottsf.-"A Trip to the Mo a n."
OnrnFru— Hlcf-Class Vaudeville.
Pvtro Baths— Bathing and performances.
shoot thr Chhtks— Daily at Haight street,
one block east of tlie Park.
I'RKsmio Athletic G HorsDS— Baseball.
Baseball— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Isglesidk Track— Trotting Races.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS. •
KxcmsioN— By the Southern Parifle Company,
Kx< i-RsioN- To the f. S. >rul^er Charleston.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Auzerais case has been submitted on
briefs.
Mystic Shriners left last evening on an ex
cursion to Alaska.
"Protection" Is the predominating campaign
Blogan in California.
All services will be omitted at the First Uni
tarian Church to-morrow.
Local industries are dependent on protec
tion, say locr.l representatives.
The San Francisco letter-carriers tendered
Ihe Call a serenade last night.
Fire at O'Farrell street and Car'os place last
night caused a ioss of about $2500.
The grand body of the Young Ladies' Insti
tute will convene in this City on Tuesday next.
Blasieretts Jones, the colored prima donna,
known as the Black Patti, arrived here yester
day.
Mary Crump is suing In the United States
courts for a share of the estate of Lucy Good
speed.
The business men are doing good work in
adding to the attractiveness of the City's deco
rations.
The Supreme Court has affirmed Dr. Kuhl
mun's commitment to jaii for contempt of the
Cofon "
Read The Call interviewson the paramount
Importance of protection to every California
industry.
The executors of the Fair estate have com
menced suit against the tenants who refuse to
pay rent.
Forty policemen accompanied the body of
the late Captain Cullen to its last resting-place
yesterday.
No interest is so important in California to
day as tbe issue of : rotection, say the local
manufacturers
Two women discharged from the County
Jaii are arrested ana on a fair way to return
there in a few days.
Relatives of Mrs. Caroline Vetter, who gave
all her property to her son, are preparing to
contest the matter.
Dr. Charles O. Bro%vn, through his friends,
will nißke a tight before the next Bay Confer
ence to be reinstated.
The Iroquois have adopted resolutions pro
testing Hsainst the granting of a new franchise
to the Geary-street road.
Hint A Co. of New York are about to estab
lish a line of clippers around the Horn between
San Francisco and New York.
I>r. Arthur Mtrten was rearrested yesterday
on the same charge of threats to kill, and Is
yet unable to give $2000 bail.
The Central Labor Alliance, in a meeting
last night, denounced the recent police inter
ference at a socialist meeting.
The Garment-makers' Uaion No. 132 flffiliated
with the Sun Francisco Labor Council last
night and its delegates were received.
The morgue's suicide record for the past
twelve months shows a total of 14G, a larger
record than that of any previous year.
The great pacers. W. Wood and Waldo J, will
meet at Ingleside Track to-day in a match race,
best two jn three heats, for $2500 a side.
Supervisors of the Health und Police Com
mittee have reported atrainst the ordinance
stopping music in the dives at midnight.
Al'zandro Norvell has been appointed special
administrator of the estate of Antonio Peru
eini, who left property valued at $lt>,ooo.
Notice of the appeal to the Supreme Court of
the famous Hale <fc Norcross mining suit was
yesterday filed in the County Clerk's office.
Fair Saturday; li(*ht fog in the morning;
fresft westerly vrinds, increasing in the after
noon.—Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
The French Bank has secured a writ of
certir> r ari against the Assessor to prevent him
from collecting what is claimed to be exces
sive taxes.
Four thugs beat the saloon-keeper of 537
Clay street and tried to rob the place yester
day", but they were frightened away and after
ward caught.
The Continental League held a brief meeting
last night owiner to the proximity of the
Fourth, but decided on setting aside one day
of each month as a ladies' day.
C. P. Welch was clmsen out of thirteen can
didates to fill the office lately occupied by the
late General McComb as secretary of the Soci
ety for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
The decoration of the store fronts along
Market street form an attractive display.
Bunting, flags and portraits of revolutionary
heroes are mingled together with patriotic
taste.
Mayor Sntro returned to the City yesterday;
but the demands which he expected to sign
■weie sent to Calistoga by his clerk, the latter
supposing that the Mayor would not come to
town .
Grain rates have been advanced by the South
ern Pacific Company from those it recently put
into force in the San Joaquin Valley, as it was
f<;und the traffic had not been charged all it
would bear.
Despite the disagreeable weather, a fair
sized crowd saw the trotting and pacing
events decided at Ingleside yesterday. The
winning horses were: Owyhee, Jeffe, Javelin
and Ruby M.
In an interesting interview S. Hayakama,
private secretary of the Minister of Finance of
Japan, :ells of the surplus wealth acquired by
his country since the war with China and how
she intends to spend it.
The preliminary contests of the ninth annual
lawn tennis tournament of the Pacific States
took place at Hotel Rafael courts yesterday.
To-day Driscoll, Hardy and the Whitney broth
ers play for the championship.
Henry Unruh and Attorney J. L. Crittenden
■were fined yesterday morning by Judge Slack
for flourishing pistols in his courtroom the
day before, on the occasion of the attempted
shooting of E. J. Baldwin by Emma Ashley.
The Supreme Court has affirmed the judg
ment of the Superior Court in favor of Cather
ine Hoef f in her suit for $2000 against the Su
preme Lodge of the Knights of Honor. The
money was due as a benefit on her husband's
death.
The assessment roll of real and personal
property which Assessor Slebe will turn over
next Monday will show a large increase over
last year's assessment. The increase may
reach $25,000,000, making the valuation
$352,000,000.
Marschutz & Cantrell sued W. E. Johns for
$72 14, the value of machine worit done at the
Park or Grove-street Theater. The box office
receipts were attached Thursday. The sum of
$10 75 was obtained. The attachment was
immediately released.
WMM playing with a pistol lastevening Lud
wig Schmitt allowed it to discharge, the bullet
Mr; king his wife in the jaw. She was treated
at the Receiving Hospital. The wound, though
not dangerous, is quite painful, as the ballet
fractured the woman's jaw.
The condition of Mrs. Nellie Butler has oc
d consid rable interest among army
people and something will probably be done to
ner. Her needs were not ai "first known
to he Woman* Relief Corps and consequently
&he was compelled to bear her troubles alone
»ni unassisted by the members of that organi
zation. The corps is now planning to relieve
her necessities.
Attention has again been called by George
W. Monteith to the failure of the Federal au
•.li'-rities to prosecute C. P. Huntington for an
alleged violation of ihe Interstate commerce
having issued a pass to Fiank M. Stone.
In a letter he addressed yesterday to the Attor
ney-General at Washington, that official and
others concerned are severely criticized and
charged with willful neglect of duty.
To clean up some of the street litter which
will accumulate after the Saturday celebration
wie Merchants' Association will have some of
n* cleaners out Sunday morning for the pur
p')se of removing some of the paper rubbish
from the sidewalks of the principal streets.
The City Street Improvement Company has
also volunteered to send out its teams and
men lor the same purpose. The object is to
<l>viate as much as possible any danger from
fire where paper and other litter have accumu
lated.
At the Summer Kesortv
Many prominent people of this City are
registered at various summer resorts, but
when those who are away have occasion to
come to the City they invariably show up
at- the Cafe Zinkahd. During the past
week many men whose families are at
Bummer resorts were found dining there.
UNRUH AND
CRITTENDEN FINED,
Judge Slack Upholds the
Dignity of His
Court.
NO ARMS ARE ALLOWED.
His Honor Saw Unruh Stand
and Level a Pistol at
Crittenden.
EMMA A. ASHLEY HELD.
Judge Joachimsen, After Hearing Evi
d nee, Reduces the Bail to
$5000.
The aftermath of the shooting and dis
play of revolvers in Judge Slack's court
room Thursday morning was fines of $100
and $250 imposed, respectively, upon At
torney James L. Crittenden and Henry A.
I'nruh yesterday. Unruh submitted to
the decision, but Crittenden gave notice
that he would appeal to the Supreme
Court.
When the contempt case of the two per
sons was called a large crowd was present,
drawn there by the association of the al
most tragic affair of the day before, when
Emma Ashley made a frenzie J attempt to
kill E. J. Baldwin and avenge the alleged
wrongs of her sister Lillian.
Crittenden asked the Judge what the
charge against him was. He was told tha
the specific charge was coming into t c
court armed with a loaded pistol, and thai
he threatened to use it.
"I utterly disclaim having made any
threat of the kind, your Honor," he an
swered. "As to my carrying a pistol, I
claim that I have that right when travel
ing as a resilient outside of the City limits.
I have done so for years.
"Now, I claim that there can be no con
tempt because tnere was no intention to
commit contempt. The right to carry
firearms is guaranteed to every citizen by
the constitution of this country and never
has been disputed except as to concealed
weapons. And that right exists in my
favor wherever I may be. The only ques
tion is as to whether or not an attorney
should, on entering a courtroom, disarm
himself when he has no intention whatever
aguinst the dignity of the court.
11 1 also deny that I threatened any one.
My own life was threatened when I en
deavored to prevent an assault. I saw an
unseemly scuffle going on between a man
and a woman. I separated them and the
man had a pistol. He stood with it in his
hand and endeavored to cock it. Seeing
that and also seeing that the weapon was
leveled directly at me 1 put my band be
hind me, and only to protect myself. It
was impossible for me to determine
whether Mr. Unruh intended to use the
weapon or not; I only saw him with it.
"I would like to ask. Is an attorney to
be at the mercy of others by being unable
to protect himself? I have been shot sev
eral times, an I my arms are almost use
less as a means of defense, so I have
to protect myself in some other way. For
thirty years and during the war I have
carried a pistol, and I have only had occa
sion to draw it once. On that occasion I
did not kill the person, although all per
sons present said I ought to have done so.
"Had this young woman killed Mr.
Baldwin — and I want to say right here I
am glad she did not — the plaintiff would
have lost all her rights in this case and
all litigation would have boen ended. So
there was certainly no motive for a con
spiracy on the part of the lady, her sister
or any one else to kill Mr. Baldwin. •
"And, had I intended to use my weapon
upon Mr. Unruh, I could have done so
fatally without any difficulty. Those who
know me know tbat I can use a pistol.
But I did not so intend, but merely to pro
tect myself. My life has been threatened
in court and Judges have known of my
taking means to protect myself and have
not obj- cted. Once, in the United States
court, this occurred and Judge Hoffman
knew of my being armed. It is the same
for me to carry a pistol as it is for other
men to carry a penknife, and I have a
pocket mad" for it in my pantaloons.
Without my pistol I am at the mercy of a
stronger man."
Henry Unruh on being asked what he
had to say, replied that while he was
wrenching the revolver from Emma Ash
ley he heard a voice behind him saying,
"Let that woman alone." He feared an
attack in the rear, and jerking the
weapon from the woman he turned around
and saw Crittenden facing him and pre
paring to draw his weapon. He had no
intention of firing.
"But did you not stand with ihe pistol
pointing at Mr. Crittenden ?" asked Judge
Slack.
"I was so disturbed I did not exactly
know what I did. I only saw Mr. Crit
tenden's movements and thought 'If he
draws on me I am done for.' I neld the
pistol up asid did not point it at Crit
tenden.
"Your Honor," said the attorney, "saw
Mr. Unrun point the weapon at me. I
prefer to have your statement."
"As I held the pistol pointing up in the
air," said Unruh, "I was wondering what
kind of a gun it was, and if it would be
useful in case I should be obliged to use
it."
"I saw Mr. Unruh standing on the floor
with the pistol pointed at Mr. Critten
den," observed Judge Slack. "He prob
ably in his excitement did not know that
he was doing so, bat he was cenainly ;n
that position. It is necessary for me to
preserve the dignity of this court and to
inflict punishment for what occurred here
yesterday. I have no feeling other than
as an officer of justice."
"The greatest fault of Mr. Crittenden lay
in bringing a loaded pistol into court. No
attorney, nor any other person, shall
bring a weapon here with my knowledge.
The court is perfectly able to protest, its
officers from harm, if its attention is called
to any threats made against any
one. Mr. Crittenden, as an officer of this
court, should know this. By threats in
this instance I refer to the attempt of Mr.
Crittenden to draw a weapon. At. to Mr.
Unruh, I saw him point the pistol at the
attorney, and I cannot be mistaken. His
arm was extended and the weapon was on
a level with his eye. The action was un
mistakably threatening.
"1 shall therefore impose a fine of $100
on Mr. Unruh and one of $250 on Mr.
Crittenden, or imprisonment in the Coun
ty Jail at the rate of one day for every $1
of the tines. "
Unruh stated through his attorney that
he would submit to the decision, but Crit
tenden informed the court that he de
clined to pay the line and would appeal to
the Supreme Court Upon this Judge
Slack ordered him into the custody of the
Sheriff.
"Does your Honor wish to humiliate
me?" asked Crittenden. "I have a little
money myself and 1 can furnish ample
security for my appearance here. I am
not going to run away."
"I have no such desire, Mr. Crittenden,"
answered the court. "1 will slay execu
tion until Monday next so as to give you
time to prepare."
This ended the contempt proceedings for
the day, and the parties, with their friends,
filed out of the courtroom. Attorney Crit
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
tenden stated in an interview that he
would test the constitutionality of the
deadly-weapon law and also plead his in
ability to protect himself without a
weapon; also the extenuating circum
stances of the case in his favor.
HELD FOR TRIAL.
Judge Joachimsen Fixes Ball In
Emma Ashley's Case at
35000.
The story of Emma A. Ashley's attempt
upon the life of "Lucky" Baldwin was re
peated over and over by a dozen witnesses
before Police Judge Joachimsen yesterday
afternoon.
Emma A. Ashley sat before the court a
speechless and seemingly distraugt lis
tener. Lilian Ashley sat with her, an
alert and an xious sister and friend. She
took the stand, also, in her defense. Bald
win also was called to the stand by the de
fense and testified that he not only had
never given Emma Ashley any provoca
tion for tier attack upon him, but that he
had never spoken to her in his life previous
to the sbootiner.
Baldwin sat "to the left of the Judge's
bench in one of the first rows of jury
chairs. He wore a long, gray overcoat and
dandled bis shining silk hat upon his
knee, placid, calm and at ease. Lilian
Ashley when she took the stand brushed \
his clothes with hers.
The impression made upon tte mind
of every man and woman present in the
courtroom by Emma A. Ashley as she sat
through the long afternoon gazing with
absent eyes upon the ceiling, weeping at
intervals, was that of a woman whose
mind had given va/. She was dressed in
black with a somewhat worn white straw
hat. Lilian was dressed in her accus
tomed black, black hat and black veil.
After hearing all the evidence Judge
Joachimsen fixed the bail at $5000.
The Scene in Judge Joachimsen's Court When Emma Ashley Was Arraigned for Trying to Kill
Lucky Baldwin.
The defense was conducted by General
Robert A. Frederick an' l Mr. Van Wyck
of Crittenden <fe Van Wyck.
Mr. Crittenden, who represents Lilian in
ncr suit for damages, could not appear,
being under the ban for contempt of
court. •
The first witness was Attorney A. G.
Barnett He was in tbe courtroom at the
time of the shooting and before. He no
ticed Miss Ashley sitting outside the rail
near Mr. Baldwin. She was looking in
her lap, and was smiling. He described
the bearing of the attorneys in the trial
toward each other as being notably pleas
ant.
They were questioning the witness, Lil
ian Ashley, about the photographs with
the curled nair, ana there was some pleas
ant repartee. Suddenly MiBS Ashley arose
with her two hands clasped about the re
volver and. still smiling, fired. He de
scribed the scene of confusion that fol
lowed. Miss Ashley, as Mr. Unruh grasped
her hands, began to cry with something
like terror.
Henry A. Highton, Mr. Baldwin's attor
ney, was the next witness. He was ques
tioned particularly as to Miss Ashley
havinc taken a seat awsiv from her sister
and near Mr. Baldwin during the last two
or three days of the trial. He hnd spoken
about it to Mr. Crittenden. He also no
ticed that she was reading a book, which
he tools to be the Bible, and he considered
her doing so as being a mere pose.
(J. A. Lee, a reporter on the Report, was
the most important witness for the prose
cution. He interviewed Miss Ashley almost
immediately upon her being booked in
the City Prison. She said to him, as he
testified, 'I tried to do a Christian act, I
tried to kill a seducer; I tried to kill the
man who ruined my sister. I failed. It
was God's will."
Mr. Lee was asked as to whether Miss
Ashley appeared to be in a state of mental
distiess or excitement at the time. He
said that that was a matter of opinion,
but to him she appeared to be one of the
coolest persons he had ever seen under
such circumstances.
James R. McElroy, clerk in Judge
Slack's court, told the story of the shoot
ing again. While Unruh was wrestling
with the woman for possession of the re
volver he sprang to him and demanded
the weapon. When Unruh secured it he
handed it over to the witness. It con
tained four loaded cartridges and one
empty shell. The white-handled revolver
was shown him and he identified it.
To Mr. McElroy Miss Ashley seemed a
quiet and rather innocent young woman.
He had remarked, after hearing her tes
tify in her sister's behalf, that she was
"rather light." By that he did not mean
that she was mentally unbalanced, but
only that s c had not much force.
H. A. Unruh, E. J. Baldwin's business
agent, told the story aeain.
He had been suspicious of Miss Ashley
since she took the seat near and to the
back of his chief. He was lacing the
Judge when the shot was tired, and spring
ing up he saw the woman with a smoking
revolver held with boil 'Kinds within two
or three feet of "Luck." Baldwin's head.
He sprang forward, grasped the weapon,
turned its muzzle toward the ceiling, and
tried to looaen her grip upon it. She re
sisted. He heard some one behind him
crying, "Let that woman alone! Let that
woman alone I" This nerve.i him to a
greater effort and he wrested the weapon
from the woman's Lands.
The witness described how Miss Ashley
sat with the handbag in her lap, In which
she carried her Bible and her revolver to
gether. He said he had long had a sus
picion of the contents of that bag.
Judge Slack told the story again. In
the confusion that followed the shooting
there were other actors, he said, who took
his attention from the principals (referring
to Mr. Crittenden and iiis revolver).
Judge Slack testified tbat while Emma
Ashley was on the stand as a witness in
the case before him he had noticed a
queer look in her eye. He could not say
that it was an unnatural look.
She attracted his attention again when
she changed her seat in the courtroom,
chiefly from the fact of her eating candy
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
during the court proceedings. Again his
attention was attracted by her reading the
Bible on the evening before the shooting.
Her actions during tbe excitement imme
diately following the shooting led him to
the conclusion that she was mentally un
balanced.
A police officer dug the ball out of the
plaster in the wall. He testified that it
was lodged but three or four feet from the
floor on a line from where Emma Ashley
was standing and directly over where
Lucky Baldwin had been seated.
The ball was offered in evidence and as
it was held up in the attorney's fingers
Emma Ashley's eyes turned toward it
with the first look of interest they had
shown since the hearing began. Lucky
Baldwin also looked at the little missive
curiously. This ended the case for the
people.
Mrs. Gilmore, matron at the City Prison,
was called for t c defense. Her testimony
was given in such guarded fashion that it
placed a labor upon the attorneys to gain
from her the information they desired or
that she had to give. She told about how
the defendant had walked the floor sing
ing "Nearer, My God, to Thee," and vet
she said her conduct did not denote any
extraordinary nervousness or excitement.
She insistsd tbat Miss Ashley's conduct
was in no wise remarkable, taking the cir
cumstances into consideration.
Under direct questioning by the attor
neys for the defense, however, she ad
mitted that when the defendant was first
brought to ncr she had said that this
(meaning the pri^n) was not the place
for her; that she should be taken to the
Receiving Hospital as an insane patient.
Deputy Sheriff Finn accompanied Miss
Ashley from the courtroom to the City
Prison. He testified that she wept and
complained bitterly. "He has treated me
cruelly," she said. "I have had charge of
his sick child for a longtime. Last night
I thought it was going to die." She asked
lepeatedly for her Bible, was crying and
very excited.
E. J. Baldwin, mnch to bis astonish
ment, was now called to the stand. He
was asked if he had ever given Emma A.
Ashley provocation in any way for the at
tack she had made upon him. Mr. Bald
win, drumming with his lingers upon the
arms of the witness-chair, declared that
he had not; that he did not know her;
that he knew of no reason why she should
have assaulted dim.
Lillian A. Ashley took the stand. What
ever she may have been she was here a
very subdued, weary, anxious and sad
hearted young woman. Baldwin, in the
front row of the jury chairs, sat within a
few feet of her. Frequently during her
recital she looked toward him. Without
apparently attempting to escape her direct
glance he looked steadfastly, but rather
indifferently than otherwise, away from
her.
This, in answer to her attorney's ques
tions, was Lill'an Ashley's story: "My
sister lives with me at 819 Larkin street.
Hhe has been the constant attendant of
my little fatherless child since she came
to me over two years ago. Especially has
she been devoted to the child during her
two weeks of illness.
"The child is now seriously sick with a
fever. For two nights preceding this affair
my sister did not, I am sure, have more
than two hours' sleep. We were both up
at nights with her. My sister has taken
very iittle nourishment; almost none.
We lived meagerly at all times, as we have
no means. Our bill of fare consists chiefly
of bread and butter and tea, of which, as 1
say, my sister during the past few days
has scarcely partaken at all.
"As I look back at it now I can see how
really ill she was, for she has acted very
strangely. I thought at the time that it
was because of her distress over the child's
illness. She has cried a great deal, has
quoted Scripture and spent much time in
prayer. Before we left for the courtroom
<>n Thursday morning she knelt on the
floor and offered a long prayer.
"Then she went to the baby in her bed,
1 kissed her passionately, saying. 'Good-by,
little darling, I do hopi' I may see you
again.' She had also knelt in prayer
upon rising in the morning. Yes, my sis
ter has always Deen of a very religious
turn and is given to quoting SciiDture,
but this was different. Before her reli
gious expressions had a time and a place
in keeping — chiefly of a Sunday.
"Her conduct was so peculiar that it
worr ied me, and I said to her, 'Sister, you
are ill and you should stay here. I am
sure you are ill.' But 3he would not do
so. She said, "I want to be with you.'
"We went to the courtroom together
and -he took a seat outside the railing. I
went on the witnes— stand and I did not
notice her again until Mr. Baldwin was
struggling with her. lam sore my sister
was madly insane when she fired that
shot. When I went to her in the matron's
room in the City Prison, she came to me,
placed her hands upon my shoulders and
said, 'God is love, God is supreme love.'
Miss Ashley was subjected to a long
cross-examination. The Bible that has
figured in the case was shown her. On
the flyleaf a half-tone picture is pasted,
pur.ly covering the name A. L. Ashley.
The witness testified thai the Bible was
her own when il was purchased in 1891,
and that she had written :he name on the
flyleaf, but that the booK now belonged to
her sister through ngtii of possession, she
having used it so much.
She, Emma, had pasted the picture there.
It was the picture of her pastor back in
the Massachusetts village home. The wit
ness explained that a though her name
was L. A. Ashley, g sometimes
wrote it "A. L.' S; c declared that
although she shared a small
room with her sister and that they
slept in the same bed she had never seen
the revolver her sister carried, nor did she
know that she had brought her Bible to
court in the reticule until she saw her read
it there. When they left their room that
morning Emma hud turned back in the
hallway lor something she said she had
forgotten.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare then went
into the subject of the fare at the Ashley
table, and when the witness repeated the
sta ement that her sister did not have
sufficient nourishment he asked the court
to take judicial notice of the defendant's
physical condition, and there rested.
"We ask the same of the court," said
Mr. Van Wyck. "We will ask me defend
ant to rise."
The woman stood up and swung herself
"lowly around that the court might m
form itself fully. She was a most un
happy looking young woman, and cer
tainly there were lines in her big round
face that might indicate both sleepless
nights and scanty fare. Her face that baa
been white as paper at the beginning of the
bearing was now red with silent weep
ing. '
Dr. William Burch was the unexpected
witness. He is a recent comer and is fill
ing the pulpit at Calvary Presbyterian
Church during the absence of Dr. Hemp
hill. Both the Ashley girls have attended
the church, but he aid not know them by
name. Hf chanced into the courtroom
yesterday afternoon and was surprised
to discover one of his flotk on trial on
the serious charge of attempted murder—
the principal in the latest sensation of the
day. He asked the right to speak to her
and subsequently became her most im
portant witness. He -aid that the young
woman at tne bar had twice spoken in
meeting at the church, and that she gave
him the impression at ihe time that she
was suffering from religious mania. Her
talk was wild and Hysterical. He had
mentioned the circumstance to members
of the church.
Sidney Van Wyck, her counsel, took the
stand and told of how he met the youne
woman in the corridor of the City Hall
just after the shooting and when she was
on the way to the City Prison. She was
very much excited and talking almost in
coherently. He was sure she did not
know what she was doing. He stopped
I her, and looking in her eyes asked her if
she did not Know him. She replied that
she did. He asked her to tell him his
name. She said she iould not recall it.
He went with her to the City Prison
and there himself heard Matron Gilmore
say that she did not belong there; that
she should be taken as an insane patinte
to the Receiving Hospital.
That completed the testimony. It was
6 o'clock, and the speech-making was
made short.
Prosecuting Attorney Dare said the evi
dence was direct and sufficient upon which
to hold the defendant for trial. There was
plenty of evidence of premeditation. Had
her bullet caused death as she intended
she would unquestionably be Jield for
murder.
General Priedrich for the defense held
that the woman should be released and
held under a proceeding in insanity.
There was no premeditation, as tbe de
fendant was not a responsible person. No
jury could be found on earth tbat would
convict her. E. J. Baldwin had himself
declared there could be no motive.
Judje Joachimsen said that he could
not allow sentiment to enter into his
judgment; he must hold the defendant for
a trial by jury in the Superior Court and
he must fix bail in such sum as would in
sure protection against a repetition of such
dangerous use of firearms by the defend
ant. He named a sum at $10,000, but be
fore the judgment was written cut it to
$5000.
Miss Ashley was taken bacfc to prison,
weeping as she went. The sisters kissed
each other affectionately in the court
room, as Lillian lingered behind a few mo
ments to talk with her counsel about the
possibility of securine bail.
KOSCIALOWSKI EXPLAINS.
Give* th« Reasons Why Certain Postal-
Cards Worn Sent Out.
The following communication is self*
explanatory:
r To the Editor of the San Frandtco Call— Sir:
There were two objects in view in sending out
the postal-cards reierred to in your paper this
morning. The first was, as stated in the card
itself, that the defendants in default could not
come into court and plead excusable neglect
as a reason why default should be set aside;
tne second was inspired through positive pity
for some of the defendants in the case who had
been led to believe by the false statements of
scheming, avaricious pettifoggers who repre
sent (hie) certain alleged defense unions, com
prised partly of occupants of our ranch, but
chiefly of those who have not any property
anywhere, that this suit would te defeated in
an hour after they had set their "windmills"
going. Very respectfully yours.
P. L. KOSCIALOWSKL
Tbe Divorce Court.
Judge Slack yesterday granted a divorce to
Ada B. Hall from Luke Hall on the ground of
willful neglect. Alimony of $25 per month was
allowed and an order of $100 for counsel fees
made.
New suits for divorce filed yesterday were:
Minnie Ferrenback vs. OttoFerrenback.
Veronica Alexander vs. Bcnito Alexander.
Mury McConahay vs. James McConahay.
Edria J. Cox vs. George John Cox.
NEW TO-DAY.
Tea is good in England
and Russia, and bad (for
the most part) in America
— so bad that some people
have given up drinking tea,
because they find drinkable
tea hard to get
It is time to begin again.
There is pure tea — Schil-
lings Best — like a breath
of fresh air.
Schillings Best Japan
tea is the only pure Japan
tea, that we know of, sold
on the coast Schillings
Best Ceylon, English
Breakfast, Ideal Blend, and
Japan teas are fresh — -be-
cause they are roasted
here.
Money-back tea at your
grocer's.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 818
DR. A. BARKAN
HAM IIETURNED FROM EHROPE AND RE-
sumed practice at bis office, 14 Grant avenue.
AH INCREASE OF
MANY MILLIONS,
City Valuation of Real
and Personal
Property.
MONEY AND FRANCHISES
__________
The Roll May Present an In
crease of Twenty-Five
Million Dollars.
THE VALUATION IS $352,000,000.
The Board of Equalization Will Re
ceive Many R- qu<s>s for
Redaction.
Next Monday at 11 a. m. Assessor Siebe
will turn over to the Board of Supervisors
fifty-four real estate and seventeen per
sonal property volumes, constituting the
assessment-roll of this year.
Last year the valuation of the real estate
and personal property of San Francisco
was $327,000,000. The Assessor was not
prepared yesterday to say what valuation
would be shown in the roll now com
pleted, so far as assessments are concerned,
but w.ich are not computed.
There may be an increase that will
cause surprise in the community. For
severol months the Grand Jury has been
urging the Assessor to use all diligence in
assessing personal property, such as fran
chises and ether securities, which have
hitherto escaped taxation.
Assurances received by the jury were
that a great effort would be made in this
direction. The Assessor's attention was
directed time and again to the discrepancy
which existed in the statements filed by
tbe banks with the Bank Commissioners
and the returns ma<fe to the Assessor. It
is known now that a very large increase
has been made in the bank assessments.
The Grand Jury at Us session last Thurs
day evening was informed that a large in
crease would be reported, but the Assessor
ccmid only approximate figures, as the
computation had not been made.
Information secured by The Call yes
terday from various sources leads to the
belief that the valuation of the real and
personal property will reach the figure of
$352,000,000.
Complaint of overvaluation will surely
be made to the Board of Supervisors. It
s unde-stood that the banks will appeal to
the Supervisors for relief from what they
consider extraordinary assessments. The
Supervisors sitting as a Board of Equali
zation will have plenty of work to per
form.
Next Monday a resolution will be
adopted authorizing the employment of
six clerks to receive applications for reduc
tion.
In the Assessor's office clerks will be
busy all day to-day and to-morrow ni^hi
footing up the roll. Apart from the figures
of valuation there will be statistics re
garding the amount of capital and the
number of men employed in the manufac
turing industries of San Francisco.
GARMENT -MAKERS FALL IN.
Delegates to the Labor Council Re
ceived and Affiliation Accorded.
The Garment-makers' Union, No. 132,
have affiliated with the San Francisco La
bor Council at its meeting last nisrht, and
the delegates from that body were accorded
seats in the council.
This union, which embodies all grades
NEW TODAY-AMUSEMENTS.
Jittto JBafc
—DAY AND NIGHT—
July and3th,
GRIND VENETIAN WATER CARNIVAL.
BEAUTIFUL ELECTRICAL DISPLAY.
SUTRO SCENIC RAILWAY
HAS NO EQUAL.
STA.FITS iTTTX_"y 4TH
GENERAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c : — ■ Children, 50.
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.
CAL. BASEBALL LEAGUE.
—JULY 4
SAN FRANCIS COS vs. STOCKTONS.
-JULY 6—
OAKLANDS vs. SAN JOSES.
ADMISSION ........25 CENTS.
LADIES FREE. T ~ r
rpf IP /*>T Tf TT^r^O greatest SCENIC rail-
THE CHUTES, way c?asin t 6. and
TO-DAY AT 9 A. M.— Grand Opening !— AT 9A. M. TO-DAY.
PERFORMANCES IN TOE CASIXO EVERY IFTEUMI and IfSliK at 2 and 8 P.M.
The Most Stupendous Amusement Enterprise Ever In-
augurated in San Francisco.
THE HIGHEST SALARIED ARTISTS EVER BROUGHT TO AMERICA.
ItUSSIAN COURT OKCHKSTRA, Unier the Direction of JULI SIMOXOFF. •
ARAGON, Queen of the High Win- teRIfiSSSBS . - .
SISSIISRETTA JONES, the "Black PattL"
PROF. FRED MACAItT'S BABOON. DOG AND MONKEY CIRCUS,
And the World's Greatest -A erialists, , .
MBaHirlt THE MARLO-DUNHAM F._VM::r.T_iY.
THE GREATEST AGGREGATION OF TALENT. EVER GATHERED TOGETHER!
DON'T FAIL TO SEE THE WATER FIREWORKS TONIGHT!
Admission. 10 Cents Children. Including Merry- Go -Round. 5 Cents.
A SENSATIONAL RACE!
FASTEST EVER OFFERED IN SAN FRANCISCO.
W. WOOD, 2:07, and WALDO J, 2:08,
THE TWO GREAT PACERS OF THE OAST, ARK MATCHED FOR $1000 A SIDE, $300 added.
TO-DAY 13 THE 810 DAY OF THE MEETING AT
13STQ-T .F.SIDE,
FOUR GREAT RACES !
Fn.OG-n_iLafTM:E :
FIRST RACE— 2:I9 Class Trot. Purse $1000. . Ten entries.
SECOND RACE— 2:3S Claas Paca Purse $450. Five entries.
THIRD RACE-Match. W. Wood, 2:07, and Waldo J, 2:08: «2000, $300 added.
FOURTH RACK— Butchers 1 Race. v Purse $300. Five entries. ~~s****lßaS3&Kßßfflj&
KB" On account of the extensive programme the races will begin at 1 :30 o'clock. .
- LADIES ADMITTED FREK. Train leaves S. P. Depot at 1:15. MUslon-st. cars every 3 minutes
- HEW TO-DAT.
I Woman's Writes I
!
<"> Belie v« in Woman's Writes? ( [
J I Of course we do. -Who could |
«') help it when women write such S
j!) convincing words' as these:
1 I "For seven years I suffered '
jiS with scrofula. I had a good i
<| physician. Every . means of i
\» cure was tried in vain. At last <<[
<| I was told to try Ayer's Sarsa- | '
I i parilla, which entirely cured *' ['
( j> me after using seven bottles." V
|? —Mrs. John A. Gentle, Fort ]]
*l Fairfield, Me., Jan. 26, 1896. >/
I Ayer's Sarsaparilla |;
mi*pc
J) ttvUl vijit (f
and classes of garment labor, will hold a
mass-meeting on the 12th of this month.
A movement is on foot by which all the
branch labor councils in the State will
meet in convention in this City at some
time t during the month of September.
To' bring this matter to a finality the
secretary of the San Francisco Council
was instructed by his body to open com
munication with all sister councils in the
State, requesting their co-operation in the
movement.
» — ♦ •
The Iburg Estate.
William N. Iburi? ana Herman Iburg have
applied for letters of administration on the
estate of William M. Iburg, who died June 17.
The estate consists of real property situated in
San Francisco, Alameda and Kern counties of
value unknown.
Ellen Ke.ly'n Will.
The will of Ellen Kelly has been filed for
probate. She left property valued at about
$25,000.
NEW TO-I>AY— AMUSEMENTS.
rmCOLAnOt.IOrOTTU>D«» o>- Lt»c3AnonAnAO«4---
THE I TSTE
DAY I CELEBRATE. 1
THERE WILL,' BE 4000 PEOPLE THIS
AFTERNOON AND TO-NIGHT
TO SEJS
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
In Martha Morton's Charming Comedy,
——"HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
Next Monday— "LONDON ASSURANCE," with
the greatest cast In twenty years.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Also. JcßKitb-iixK KKKLi.vfj. Proprietor <& .\laui»£*c
TO-NIGHT :
LAST TIME-BUT ONE
OUR SUMMER SPECTACLE,
"A TRIP TOJHE ION"
MONDAY EVENING. JULY 6,
OPENING OF THE GRAND OPERA SEASON
Under the Direction of Mb. Gubtav Hinbichs.
Repertoire.
Monday, Tuesday. Thursday, Saturday,
"LUCIA" (In Italian).
Wednesday, Friday and Sunday,
"ROMEO AND JULIET" (in English).
Entire Eastern Company.
Enlarged orchestra! Augmented Chorus!
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
CALIFORNIA THEATER
A.L Hayman" & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
3 Times More. Matinee To-day at 26c and 50c.
LAST TIME SUNDAY NIGHT.
Sydney Grundy's New York and London Triumph
"A BUNCH OF VIOLETS,"
A Powerful Play, Powerfully Interpreted by
L. R. Stock well's Company of Players!
Including MR. HERBERT KELCEY.
MISS EFFIE SHANNON
- r >i-.- and the Star Cast.
Prices— Evening, 15c, 25c, 35c, 500, 75c.
NEXT MONDAY— The Comedy Drama Success.
"AMERICANS ABROAD."
By Victorlen Sardou. SEATS NOW READY.
July 13— "CARMEN,", with Frederick Warde,
Rose Coghlan and entire stockwell Co.
MOROSCO'S £
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MORoaco, Sola JLeHsee and Mana<ic
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Distinguished Comedian and Singer,
KIMETT SHKRIDAN
In His Rollicking Comedy-Drama,
"ONE OF THE BRAVEST!"
Special Engagement of the Popular Pair,
GILBERT AND GOLDIE,
And of the Favorite Soubrette,
JOSEPHINE OASS3IAN.
f VKSisn i'Ricjcj— 23c and Via.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10&
Crubl Mutineer Saturday ami stands?.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), July 4.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any. seat, 10c;
Children, 10c, any part.
NEW VAUDEVILLE STARS 18
THE GREAT FREDERICKS TROUPE,
SEE THE ROSSOW MIDGETS,
LAST NIGHT OF THE VITASCOPE.
.;■■•.; FOUR MAIS AN OS,
PRESIDIO ATHLETIC
GROUNDS.
■ JULY 4 AND 5 —
BASEBALL
GRAND EXCURSION.
The United States Cruiser "Charleston*
Is Open for Visitors To-day and To-morrow.
Steamer "ETHEL AND MARION" will make
trips every half hour from Mission street Wharf.
Round trip, 50 cents.
78
THE CATHOLICS
ARE PATRIOTIC,
Young Men's Union Cele
bration at Metropolitan
Temple.
LOYAL DEMONSTRATION.
Relations of Church and State
Defined by Ex-Judge
Sullivan.
THERE EXISTS NO ANTAGONISM
Literary and Musical Exercises in
Honor of America's Independence
Day.
There was a patriotic gathering last
night at Metropolitan Temple. It was
under the auspices of the Young Men's
Catholic Union.
REV. JOSEPH F. BYRNE, WHO DELIVERED THE ORATION.
The absurd idea of the existence of any
hostility upon the part of Ir:-sh Catholics
toward the Government of the United
States was indignantly refuted by ex-
Judge J. F. bullivan in his introductory
address.
"I bid yon all welcome to this entertain
ment," he said. "You know the purposes
of the union 'o be of a fraternal character.
It has no political connections, but believes
in the moral, social and intellectual eleva
tion of Catholic young men, with the idea
of making them good citizens of this great
Republic.
"Catholics in their relations to the
American Kepublic are OK. It is true
that the cburcli has placed the people
under many obligations. We render a
willing relicious alJegeance to the Pope of
Rome, but we have been among the first
to sacrifice blood and treasure in the de
fense of our civil and religious liberty.
".Let us, then, be tolerant in our treat
ment of our neighbors."
After the introductory address came a
contralto solo by Miss Nellie Gallagher;
the reading of the Declaration of Indepen
dence, by Ben L. McKinley; a tenor solo
by David Manlloyd, and "the following
original poem by Charies D. South:
THE FATHERS.
Swells loud the pa-an of a gretefa] nation
To Him who raised from out a world of sea
A world whereon He planned the matchless
structure
Of fair Columbia's home of liberty! •. <
From sands where Maine first, halls day's radiant
pilgrim
To seas that wash our day's last glided crag.
Praise be to Him and praise be to the fathers
Whose souls still sentinel our stainless flag!
To-day our great Republic's heart rejoices:
Nor turns the mill, nor speeds the loom to-day!
A day with skies writ o'er in glowing history
Of those who struck the tyrant's chains away;
Who dared defend the cause of downtrod justice:
- Who dared demand the God-given rights of
men:
Who flung defiance to the raging lion
• And lashed him. crippled, bleeding to his den.
To-day, o'er all the land in town and hamlet.
The starry banner waves in ecstacy!
To-day the cannons' mighty thund'rine voices
- Roll to the clouds the Joy-notes of the free.
To-day we gather once again the myriads : -''• "■■
An l to the same high cause allegiance swear
Thai blazed upon the banners of the fathers
And shines in souls of freemen where.
Be, then, the lessons of those patriot fathers
Our ceaseless guide while flows the lde or years,
And lightning swift the doom that shall be meted
When aught that savors tyranny appears.
For no; aloi.e from high upon the ramparts
shall eyes discern and mark our country's foes
'Tis not the king we fear, with hosts in armor,
Come, trumpeted, to wage in deadly blows.
It Is the monster hydra of corruption,
With sting as fell as a word -stroke of the foe;
Ours to keep bn: the iron of our power - ■ •
And sear where justice strikes the telling blow
And when acenrs'd monopoly's black fingers
The people's rights would rend and tear a way,
Be his us dire a (ate as ioul oppression
' Sank under la our brave forefathers' day.
And, long as time exists and cod-like actions
Fire men to emulate In need's dark nlgtu;
As lon« as on some Cuba's ha?k the tyrant
Wltn bladf of hate his red decree shall write;
AS ions: as despot hand shall wield a scepter,
l'ervertlnit scripture on the rights of Kings;
As long as men shall groan beneath man's thrall
dom
And drink forced gull from evil's bitter springs.
So long shall our brave fathers' names be omens :
Their deeds be aye our boast, their fame our
pride;
They shall be auDg until their chorused praises
Be far -extending as the world Is wide.
And in the m?es of the Future's promise.
Whilst fair Columbia, coldess of the land.
Still guards our soil where smiling Peace and
Plenty
Their joys aud bounties pour from strand to
strand;
Whilst she is Joyed, feared, honored and respected,
.North, sou li. east, west, on land aud oti the sea.
Her blrthiiay skt.-s shall seem aglow w.tn lessons
1 o «ons how wrought their sires to make them
free.
Forever still expand our Nation's glory,
And never shadow dim one starry ray.
Till melt theae stars of union In the dawning
When Time is lost la Uod'a eternal day.
Ckaelks i>'. Sooth.
After a soprano solo, "The Star-spangled
Banner," by Miss Kathenne M. Black, the
Rev. Jo-eph F. Byrne delivered the follow
ing oration :
Mr. President, Rev, Fathers and fellow-citi
zens: We i.Hve assembled here this evening,
not for the purpose of using harsh words, not
for the purpose of giving veat to bitter feeling
against any one. but we have assembled here
as Catholics, Roman Catholics, American Ro
mnn catholics, to celebrate Jn a befiting man*
ncr the birthday of our National independ
ence.
John Adams, writing to a friend the day
after signing the Declaration, said the event
ought to be celebrated as the day of our deliv
erance by solemn acts of devotion to God Al
mighty. * It ought to be celebra'ed with pomp
and i> tirade, with shows, games, bells, bonfires
and illumination from one end of the Conti
nent to the other from this day forward and
forevermore.
Wo sat at the same table with John Adams
and signed the scroll that made us free. We
fought side by side with our fellow-citizens
and sealed with our blood the declaration of
the rights of freemen, and for over one hun
dred Tears we have joined with our fellow
fit'.zens in celebrating the great event which;
•n the cause of lifting nations out of I
ihralldom and of bringing down the blessings !
ol God Almighty upon us.
We are sad to-night to ttiink that herein
our own City, whoso streets have borne the
burden of the commerce of the world; that
here in our own City, who<e streets our fath
ers made, as conscientious, free-born Ameri
can citizens, on principle, we cannot join, as j
lias been our wont, in the solemn celebration |
of this day side by side with those who pro- j
[en patriotism, wtiile their sentiments toward I
our country are as far removed from its con
stitution and its free institutions as the stars
of the firmament whose light barely reaches
our orb. Therefore, we gather this evening on
our own behalf as Americans to sing the
glories of our Nation, to profess our fidelity to
the constitution, to renew our allegiance to
the flag that protects us and with one voice
and loud ace. aim to cry out with the upright
people of the land. "Long live the republic!"
A child must love its parents, and moreover
is bound to make manifest its love toward
those who brousrht ii into the world. By the
same law of God the citizen U bound not only
to love his country, but to manifest that love,
both by won! and by deed. Tnis love of coun
try is patriotism. '1 he deeds of daring done at
the risk of life and limb, the noble acts of self
sacrifice which illumine the historic page of i
every country, and w hich have been voiced in I
the sours of every nation, have been called
forth by the love of country, by virtue of j
patriotism.
The love of country is not checked by the
love of (jod, it is purificl and strengthened by
it. Patriotism does not die by the side of re
ligion, for these two virtues go hand in hand,
since they take their rise from the same virtue ;
Benjamin L. .McKinley, a Relative of the Presidential Nominee, Will Read the
Declaration of Independence at the Celebration in Metropolitan Temple.
of justice. The true patriot's battle-cry; in
every land has ever been, "'For God and my
country's Cause."
The fumily is the unit of society. Children
are born into the world, and the parents rule
over and govern them by a divine right. The
mother must nourish and train the little ones.
The father, according to the natural law, must
provide for them. The necessities of the hu
man family are so. many and so varied that
men must exchange with one another the
fruits of their toil that their wants may be
supplied. To accomplish this, rights mint be
preserved, order must be maintained, and j
dangers must be warded off. From this arises j
the social condition which is the natural con- !
dition of man. Families unite into a whole,
and delegate to others the power which they
themselves alone cannot exercise. Hence we
have the State which takes it's authority from
the same source as that of the family— God—
for all authority is from God. Therefore God
directs States, and, as individuals, States play
their part in carrying out the pans of the
providence of God. Therefore, the man who
love« his God loves his country well, and the
man who loves his country to the end hut
performs his duty to his God. Therefore the
motto— "God and Our Fatherland." Therefore,
the adherence of man to the teachings of him
doctrine litbe foundation of our modern
civilization— "Render to God the things that
are God's, and to Caesar the things that are
VIV-.HT's."
The State is composed of families", which
have been brought together in order thutall
may share In the prosperity and protection
which union brines. What marks the conrtnes
of a country and unites its people In a har
monious whole? Sometimes it is a mighty
river. Sometimes it is a mountain chain.
Sometimes it is great body of water. Some
times it is the persuasive power of powdfr.
What uni'ed the thirteen Colonies? What
unites and keeps uuited our many States and
Territories a id blends them all into one grand
country, despite the mighty rivers that flow
through their midst; dc>pite the great moun
tain chain, which on another continent would
mark the limits of petty kingdoms; despite
the angry conflict, which once threatened to
dismember them ? Freedom. Civil and re
'.iL'i 'tis freedom— this is the magic spell which
holds together the sovereign Stated and blends
them all into one grand and mighty Nation.
1 need not rehearse for you the scenes of the
early history of our country. You are familiar
with them from childhood. I need not tell
you that the colonists who hrst came to our I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUBDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
snores, both Catholic and Protestant, came
because they had no civil liberty at borne and
because they could not worship God according
to their conscience. I may say, however, that
when their strong hands had torn down the
mights forests and when in the sweat of their
brow they bad tilled the soil, and when in
peace and contentment they were worshiping
God according to their own hearts the mother
country stretched forth her iron hand to rob
them of their civil rights, and they at once felt
thai their religious freedom was soon to follow.
Then did they arise in their mirht and cut off
the hand that would smite them. Civil and
religious liberty form the foundation upon
which rests our free institutions, and when
civil ana religious liberty cease to be then
shall our Nation cease.
I shnll not picture for you the scene that
presented itself when those noble men, the
fathers of our country, sat with drawn faces
and wlUi eyes weary with watching for some
ray of light through the dark clouds that hung
over them; that is beyond my power. But
what joy must have possessed each nianiy
heart when the vote was taken, and each felt
that It could beat in freedom; that the chains
of bondage were broken. Then did another
nation spring into life— not a weakling, but
full of power; not unarmed, but prepared for
war. As Minerva did, full panoplied and with
the protecting JEgis forth from the brain of
Jupiter spring, so did our Nation from the
bruin of Britain, with the JEgi» of liberty
about her.
In 1812 the young Nation was again forced
to exert herself, and cause her flag to be re
s pecied upon the seas.
Later on, in 1823, during the administration
of President Monroe, the allied powers met at
Verona and declared that the Cortes of Spain
seta bad example in government to the na
tions of Europe. They resolved that foreign
interference should bo used to reinstate Ferdi
nand and again place him upon his throne.
This was accomplished by France. Then came
the grand protest of President Monroe to the
allied powers, in which he declared:
Still later and in our own aay our ancient
enemy made the endeavor to encroach slightly
upou American soil. It fills every American
heart with joy, for it strengthens'hope in the
future of our country, to think that the Chief
Executive in this land, upheld by all the peo
ple, irrespective of politiciil creed'or party, de
clared that a such a movement on the part of
England could be looked upon by this Govern
ment only as an unfriendly act. * By a nia.-ter
stroke of diplomacy, Graver Cleveland caused
the Premier of England to affirm, what he be
fore denied, thai the Monroe doctrine Is a part
of international law.
We thank God tnat our country, though
young, is vigorous, and that she can bid the
terror of nations, the white-clad specter of tne
seas, remain within the confines of Albion's
Islet,
We are a great Nation, and with God's aid
we shall be greater still. In order that we
may be great we must preserve our free insti
tutions, we must preserve our civil and relig
ous liberty. We must protect the purity of
the ballot. We must see to it that those who
vote are sufficiently educated to know how to
use the franchise, and not to be dupes of un
principled men. We must see to it that those
who vote have hearts trained as well as minds,
so that they understand thai the man who sells
his vote sells his country; that the man who
uses office for his own aggrandizement, or for
the benefit of, or the enriching of his friends,
commits a crime against his country and a
sin against his God. Nor must we lose sight
of our traditions. Our doors have ever been
open to the oppressed oi all nations. If the
oppressed of the nations are fitted for citizen
ship, if they come here to work and to stay,
we Did them enter and remain. We desire no
parasites that would feed upon our prosperity.
We should be more solicitous about driving
from our midst those who have lived long
among us, I may say, who have lived long upon
us, without becoming citizens, than we should
be about closing our doors to those who come
in search of freedom. The day that we cease
to be the home of the free, that day shall we
cease to be the home of the brave, for it is our
freedom that has made us brave.
An American citizen! what a wealth of
meaning in the term! It stands for liberty.
It stands for freedom, it is respected abroad.
It is a power at home. It means that every
man in the land is a king, with the ballot for
his scepter. It means that every woman in the
land is a queen, and that the home adorned
with the jewels of free-born sons and daugh
ters is the throne, whereon both sit in power
and majesty. The Apostle Paul was proud oi
his title. "I am a Roman citizen," he ex
claimed, nor dared the Jew or Roman lay un
hallowed hands upon him. But if the Apostle
Paul thought it well to be a Roman citizen,
how proud should be every man who is able
to claim American citizenship? How proud
should be every apostle who preaches "The
freedom wherewith Christ hath made us free,"
when able to exclaim, "I am an American citi
zen!"
Long may America live. Long may she con
tinue to do the work that God has appointed
for her. Long may Columbia stand in the
midst of the nations, even as stands the great
Bartholdi statue, the gift of our sister repub
lic across the seas, holding aloft the torch of
liberty, which, like a blazing sun, pours over
the world the lijrnt and the heat and the
strength ot ireedom.
Then followed a bass solo by JG. V.
Worn: ''Drake's Address to the Flag," l>y
Fra) -k. T. Shea ; a trombone solo by F. K.
Tobin; a quartet. "The Red, White and
Blue," by Katherine M. Black, Nellie
Gallagher, David Manlloyd and G. V.
Wood, and "America" by ihe audience.
WILLIAM CULLEN'S FUNERAL
It Was Attended by a Squad of Forty
Policemen and Captain Spillane.
The funeral of William Cullen, the late
property clerk of the Police Department,
took place yesterday from his home at 59
South Park.
A solemn requiem high mass was said at
St. Mary's Cathedral and the body was in
terred in Holy Cross Cemetery.
The policemen were represented by a
detachment of forty men under Captain
Spillane.
The pallbearers were Sergeants Arnop.
Bainbridge, Cornelius Martin, M. O. An
derson, M. J. Con boy, M. Lindheimer,
Corporals John Green and William Gei
man, and Patrolman Owen Gorman.
Yesterday's Court Notes.
Leopold Heringhi has brought suit against
L. L. Robinson et al., directors of the Univer
sity Homestead Association, to quiet title to
property on Howard and on Priuceton streets.
Jane Kinney sued Emma Rogers et.al. (or a
partition of property situated on Mason street,
near Oreeu.
Toe American Type Founders' Assoclatian
brought suit against M. t^. MiGovern et al.,
owners of the schooner Jessie Matsen, tor
$157 10, owing for repairs and equipment.
Charles W. Heals sued J. O. Prendergast lor
$3784 08, due on a judgment.
The California Electric Works has sued
Charles F. MacXJermot for $354 '29, compensa
tion for extra labor in putting in an electrical
engine on the latter's property.
SPEEDIEST BRIG
IN THE COUNTRY,
Holds the Record Between
Here and the Hawaiian
Islands.
IS A HANDSOME VESSEL.
Captain E. M. Christiansen Photo
graphed Her While She Was
in Midocean.
EXODUS ON THE WATER FRONT.
Ferry Steamers, Yachts and Steam
Launches All Crowded With Ex
cursionists.
The brig Jobn D. Spreckels is the fast
est vessel of her class that comes to San
Francisco. She hold the record for the
run between here and Mahukona, Ha-
The American Brig John D. Spreckels, Drawn From a Photograph Taken in Mid-
Ocean. >he Is the Fastest of All the Sngar Fleet and Holds the Record for
last Voyages Between Here and Honolulu.
waiian Islands, and has time and again
beaten the fastest vessels in the Bngar
fleet. During the last week or ten days
quite a number of sugar vessels have got
in, but all made remarkably long passages.
Some were out as many as thirty-five days,
while others were twenty-eight and thirty
days. The Spreckels is now out seven
days from Mahukona, and the betting is
that the brig will make the run inside of a
fortnight. She sails like a witch in all
kinds of weather, and no one knows better
than Captain £. M. Christiansen how to
get the last ounce out of her.
The Spreckels in one of the prettiest
brigs afloat and her master is justly proud
of her. Several trips ago he determined
lo get a snap shot of his vessel under sail.
Christiansen is an amateur photographer
and loses no chance to get a good picture.
He accordingly ordered a boat lowered,
and, with his camera under his arm, got
into it. He then dropped aptern, and after
many an attempt, finally secured a good
negative. Ihe brig was taken from astern
and it makes a very pretty picture.
There was a general exodus along the
water front yesterday. The ferry steam
ers were crowded on every trip during the
afternoon, and there was not a yacht but
was in commission. Commodore Bruce
went to Vallejo in the Rover, while Harry
Goodall ami a party of friends went up the
Sacramento in the Ripple. The City of
Puebla sailed for Puget Sound with the
members of the Golden Gate Commandery
aboard and a large number ol other pas
sengers. Among the latter was Colonel
J. G. Tobin, deputy collector of the port,
who is making an annual tonr of inspec
tion. He was accompanied by his wife.
The members of the commandery are going
to Alaska, and Captain Carroll of the
Queen will do his best to show them all
the sights.
The monitor Comanche was in gala
attire yesterday. Nearly all the members
of the Naval Battalion went out to her,
and for the next few days she will be their
home. There will be general practice drill
every day. and toward the end of the
week the vessel may go for a cruise around
the bay. The Charleston will he open for
inspection to-day and the launch Amy
will carry visitors to and from both her
and the Comanche.
The exodus from the City will continue
tonight. The members of the Third Bat
talion, First Infantry, N. G. C, will leave
for Stockton on the steamer T. C. Walker.
They are going 300 strong and expect to
make a fine showing in the capital city of
San Joaquin County.
The Hull (Eng.) News prints the follow.-
Ing marvelous story :
A Japanese diver, who fell overboard at
Thursday Island, had a marvelous escape. He
states that after swimming for two days and
two nights he reached a small island, and lived
there until he was rescued by a passing boat,
after four <-»ays' semi-starvation. A turtle came
ashore to l*y eggs and he captured her. He
lived on tne flesh until it became putrid, and
then he subsisted on the eggs.
The condition of the eggs most have
been peculiar.
The Pacific Mail Company's steamer
Colon will be due to-night, but the chances
are that she will not get in before Sunday.
The rival quarantine boats will both be i*n
waiting and a race for her will ensue as
soon as sha passes Fort Point. Dr. Chalm
ers, as State Quarantine Officer, will insist
on passing the vessel, and Dr. Blue, as the
United States representative, will demand
his rights.
Fasslor'a Fine Cows.
Three oi Joseph Fassler's fine cows got
through or over the fence of the Southern Pa
cific track near the House of Correction on
Juue 8. A tmin came along and killed two
Durham's worth $75 each and hurt a Holstein
to the extent of The foregoing statement
is made In a suit which Fassler brings against
the Southern Pacific Company in the Justices'
Court.
ST. CLAIR LIGHTLY FINED.
The Alleged Child-Beater Allowed to
Go Free by Judge Wallace.
John Bfc Clair, who was convicted in
the Police Court on a charge of crueity to
his child and sentenced to six months in
jail, was before Judge Wallace yesterday
on an appeal.
Assistant District Attorney Black ap
peared and said that he thought the pun
ishment fixed by the lower court was
excessive and that he would be satisfied
with the infliction of a fine. He thought
$60 was about the amount St. Clair should
pay.
Judge Wallace looked the papers in the
case through carefully and said that if a
fine was all that the prisoner deserved, a
nominal one would do, and so fixed the
amount at $1, which St. Clair paid.
Ex-Deputy Sheriff Frank Kamaciotti
was arraigned on a charge of forgery. The
amount of money involved was $28. He
pleaded not guilty and his case waß set for
trial.
Death of Blrs. H. M. Peffer.
Mrs. Harriet M. Pcffer, an old resident of this
City, died Tuesday, June 21, at the age of
74 years. She arrived in the early fifties. She
came on the steamer Winfield Scott, which was
wrecked. She was the first wife of Senator
l'effer of Marysville. She resided a good many
years in Virginia and Marysville, but inter
made her home in this City. She leaves one
daughter, Mrs. W. C. Morgan, and has two
brothers, Henry B. Crandali of West Oakland
and Bloom field P. Crandali of Enterprise, Buite
County, California. She leaves a host of friends,
who mourn her loss. She was a native of
Maryland. Her last hours were peaceful. She
was a sufferer Irom asthma for thirty-five
years.
A WELL-CONTESTED RACE
Jeffe Captured the 2:40 Trot at
Ingleside After a Stub*
born Battle.
A PROMISING TWC-YEAR-OLD.
Owybee Had a Gift of His Race.
Ruby M Was a Co
nundrum.
The elements have certainly been most
unkind in their dealings with the Pacific
Coast Trotting-horse Breeders' Associa
tion, for with one exception the weather
at Ingleside track has been more suitable
for snowballing than for light harness
horse sport. Yesterday huge fos banks
rolled in from the ocean, part of the time
obscuring a view of the hones, the wind
was chilling and the drivers looked as
t bough buffalo coats would be preferable
to their many colored silKen jackets. But
these serious setbacks were in a great way
offset by the character of the sport, which
was about the best of the meeting. Better
racing than that seen in the 2:40 trot
would be hard to find, five heats being
necessary to decide it. In the fourth heat
Jeffe and Faro Bank passed the wire in
such perfect alignment that the judges
were unable to separate them and decided
it a dead beat, although it looked as though
the former earned the decision.
Two bookmakers and an auction-pool
stand handled the coin. The wagering on
the "_':4o trot was especially heavy.
The hrst event of the day called was the
trotting stake for two-year-olds, best two
in three heats. It brought out in Owyhee,
a slaihing big Day by Charles Derby, a
most promising colt. In the first pools
sold he brought $10 against $6 for the field,
and the long-striding youngster placed
two straight heats to his credit without
even being extended in 2:34%— 2:33. High
land Lad, another very growthy colt from
the southern country, was second in each
of the beats trotted.
The s*ven starters in the 2:40 class for
trotters were next called. Before the first
heat the field sold favorite at $15, Jeffe,
who was strongly tipped, bringing $12,
and Athovis $7. Silver Queen drew 0.6
pole and led Jeffe until well on toward
the wire when she broke, and the Heat
went to Jeffe by a length in 2:2o}s. The
betting was now Jeffe $10. the held $5.
The favorite went out in the next heat
and looked to have it at her mercy, when
fifty yards from »he wire ehe went in the
air, and Clay 6 who was at his sulky took
the heat easily in 2:21%. After this things
were slightly mixed. Clay S sold choice
at $10. with Jeffe going for $6 and the field
$5. When McNair sent them away to a
pretty start for the third heat, Ciay S
showed the way to the baokstretch, where
he broke, losiuz several lengths. Faro
Bank, who was unsteady in the first heat,
now gained the pole and flattered his
friends by leading to the homestretch,
where he found some egg shells. Jeffe
now had firs*, position »nd in a very ex
citing finish Lafferty landed his horse
winner of the heat, a head before Ciay S
in 2:23%.
Jeffe again sold favorite after this im
pressive win at $10. with Clay S goiug for
?7 and the field $3. This next heat, the
fourth, resulted in a dead heat between
Jeffe and Faro Bunk, which two had been
the contending: horses throughout. Time,
2:23. Faro Bank now sold even up against
the field, but Jeffe simply paraded a^vay
with the field, passing the stand two
lengths in advance of Clay S in 2:25. Faro
'Bans broke just after turning the bend for
home.
Tlie trotters out of the way, the special
2:11' pace, with Javelin, Plunkett and
Ruby M, was next considered. Each heat
in this event was considered a race.
Javelin was favorite at 4 to 2 in the books
for the first heat, but Ruby M, driven by
"Jimmy" Sullivan, made a show of him,
winning in a jog in 2:l6}£. Receding from
favoritism in the books, Ruby did not
have any too much speed in the heat fol
lowing and hnißhed a poor third. Javelin,
the favorite, passed the wire three lengths
in advance of Plunkett in 9:2o}^. Javelin
was unsteady in the third heat, and Ruby
M, who was eqtial favorite in the books
with him, won with something to spare
from Plunkett in 2:21.
SfMMARY.
Trotting stake, for two-year-olds; *250 added:
best '2 in 8.
Owyhee, b. c, by Charies Derby (Chaboya) — 11
Highland Lad, h. c. bi- Uexter Wood (llodjes) 2 2
Lottie Llloe, b. f.. by lottery (Clark) 4 3
Lynall, b. g., by Lynmout (Uogoboom) 3 5
Central Girl, b. f., by Nutwood Wilkes (Cecil), c A
ftordeau, b. f., by Norris (Dusitn) sdr
Time, 2:84%- 2:33.
Trotiing, 2:40 class: purse $1000: 3 in 5.
Jeffe, br. g., by Arlington (Lafferty).. 12 1111
Clay 5, b. g.,by Urovc-rO'lay (Gannon) 3 12 3 2 2
Faro Bank, b. g-, by Don Marvin
(lioinifs) 7 3 3 1 3 3
Alias, b. f., by Woolsey (Gains) 6 6 4 4 4 4
Athovis, br. sr., by rlovis (Clarke) 4 4 5 5 dl 3
Millie L, b. m., by Yosomile (Smith). 5 dis
Time, 2:2OVa-- *I*4— B :'J3%— 2 :23— 2 :25.
Special 2:12 class, pacing: purse $300: 3 in 6.
Kuby M, b.ru., by a lmout I'utchen (Sullivan) 13 1
Javelin, b. c, by Creole (Cheboya), 2 13
Plunkett, b. g., by Sirai&ern (Misner) 3 2 2
Time. 2 : 1 6i/i— 2 : 20 1,4— 2 :2 1.
SUICIDES OF THE YEAR.
One Hundred and Forty-Six Cases
Recorded at the Morgue in
This City.
Seven Hundnd and Forty-Five Deaths
Reported to the Coroner
During the Year.
Coroner Hawkins has had a busy twelve
months. The fiscal year ending June 30
shows 745 deaths reported at the Morgue,
or 109 more than the previous yeai.
Of the 745 deaths coming under the eye
of the Coroner 146 committed self murder.
Housewives head the list with ten, car
penters and laborers combined footing up
the same. The occupations of the unfor
tunate 146 are as follows:
Agents 2, architects 1, artists 2. bar
tenders 1, barbers 2, bed-makers 1, brew
ers 1. bricklayers 1. blacksmiths 1, butch
ers 2, bookkeepers 4, carpenters 5, cigar
makers 1, cigar-dealers 2, clerks 3, cooks 2,
chemists 1, civil engineers 3. compositors
1, concrete workers 1, domestics 3, doctors
1, dressmakers 1, dishwashers 2, deck
hands 1, dentists 1, engineers 2, fisher
men 1, farmers 2, frog-catchers 1, fire
men 1, gardeners 1, glovemakers 1,
grocers 2, housewives 10, harness-makers
1, jewelers 3, journalists 1, laborers 5, laun
dry men 3, lumbar inspectors 1, millers 1,
merchants 1, milkmen 1, milkers 1, miners
3, musicians 1, marine engineers 1, milli
ners 2, machinists 1. no occupation 12,
newsdealers 1, plumbers 1, physicians 2,
nainters 1, police officers 1, photographers
2, retired 2, saloon-keepers 4, solicitors 1,
soldiers 2, seamen 4, servants 1, stock
brokers 1, sailmakers 1, ship-calkers 1,
tailors 4, teamsters 3, upholsterers 1, un
dertakers 1. waiters 4, window-cleaners 1,
wrapping clerks 1, winegrowers 2.
The people who committed suicide dur
ing the twelve months just ended hail
from all parts of the globe. Continental
Europe furnished the biggest percentage,
Germany leading the list with thirty-three.
The nativity of the suicides is as follows:
Alsace and Lorraine 1. Austria 2, Canada
5, China 2, Denmark 5, England 7, France
t>, Finland 1, Germany 33, Holland 1. Ire
land 6, Italy 4, Japan 1, Mauritius Island 1,
Norway 4, Poland 1, Russia 1, Sweden 5,
Switzerland 1, United States 51, unascer
tained 8. Total 146.
Inability to Huh; successfully the battle
for bread caused 108 despondent mortals
to seek rest in the grave. Eleven com
mitted suicide because they did not Know
any better, while two found home life too
great a burden to bear. The complete list
of "causes" reads:
Domestic troubles 2, despondency 108,
intemperance 2, insanity 11, jealousy 5,
sickness t>, unknown 12: total 146.
Condition, color, religion and sex cut
quite a figure in the suicides of the past
year. Sixty-four married people found
life burdensome, the number of single per
sons seeking surcease from sorrow being
seven less than this. Tne complete record
is as follows:
Race— White, 142; yellow, 3; black, L
Sex— Male, 125; Female, 21.
Condition — Married. 64; single, 57;
widows, 4; widowers, 11; unknown, 10.
Religion— Christian, 138; Jewish, 5; Pa
gan, 3.
No report has yet been made of the
murders. The bloody record of the past
six months, however, leads Coroner
Hawkins to believe that the number will
far exceed that of any previous year.
IROQUOIS IN WAR PAINT
Will F.'ght the Proposed Extension
of the Geary - Street
Franchise.
At the meeting of the Iroquois Club last
night the action of the Supervisors in de
claring their intention togrint the Geary
street Railway an extension of its fran
chise was denounced and a committee ap
pointed to prevent the consummation of
the proposed action. In line with the dis
cussion on the subject the following reso
lution was adopted:
Whereas, The Boara of Supervisor at Its
last mv.-ting declared its intention of grant
ing a lranchise for a railway on Geary street
for a term of fifty years ; and whereas, the
present franchise does not empire for seven
years, be it therefore
R(,kq vol, That thei Iroquois Club call upon
the Democratic members of the board to op
pose and vote against the contemplated out
rage, and be it further
Retolved, That a committee of four be ap
pointed by the club to represent |it at the next
meeting of the board.
E. P. E. Troy, Max Popper, ex-Judge
Ferrai and Judge A. D. Lemon were ap
pointed on this committee.
In the course of an argument on the
registration law as now being enforced, it
was the general opinion that precinct reg
istration would not be legal and a commit
tee consisting of George Francoeur, George
H. Cabanis, ex-Judge Ferrai and Judge
Craig, was appointed to arrange for a test
ca«e with the Election Commissioners.
A committee on ratification of the nomi
nations made by the Chicago convention
was appointed with M. J. Zemantky as
chairman.
Convention Fund.
The following are the latest donations to
the Christian Endeavor Convention fund:
Wilson Dining Saloon, $100; D. N. & E.
■Walter & Co., $50; Hansen & Elrick $20-
Kent & Beanston. $20; F. Uri & Co., $20 :
Dodge Book and Stationery Company ' *"o'
KBw^'iS&wKiP previously re p° rtea:
: ' I ~ .- ■ •—-• — -* — • ■
■ 1 To salute with the left hand is a deadly
insult to Mohammedans in the East.
TEMPLE OF LEARNING
Many Bright Graduates Who Will
Enter on Business Careers
This Summer.
FINE SHOWING OF HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE.
Full List of Graduates for the Year
Ending June 30.
The following complete list of successful stu
dents was graduated from Heald's Business
College during the year ending June 30. As is
invariably the case bright young men and
women are always in great demand and arc
quickly absorbed into the commercial world to
fill the various fields of usefulness.
The demand for young men who are well up
in shorthand and bookkeeping has been unus
ually large. The appended list does not in
clude the pupils who from various causes did
not take the final examinations necessary for
graduation.
The stars which appear opposite the names
in the list indicate those who have already se
cured lucrative employment.
Business Department.
•Sol Weil, Modesto, Lai.: Manuel Lewis, Half
moon Bay. Cal.; Ueorge H. Jessen, Watsonvllle.
Cal.; John P. McKay, city; *William George
Agar, Alameda, Cal.; *Samuel Morris. Crescent
City, Cal.: Edgar Searaon, Genoa, Nev.: *Eucene
Dmlen, El Dorado, Cal.: John W. Gray, city: *W.
S. Parry, Wheatland, Cal.: Joel »al Rohrer, Oak
land, Cal.; *Eugene McMurtry, VacavlUe, Cal.:
J. L. Canepa. city: Mary H. Thomas. Val
ley Ford. Cal.; *>larco Gildmacher, city; fcva ".
E. Littlefield. Anaheim, Cal.; «Annle K. Moorp.
city; "Elsie M. Marsh, dtv; *Jlii N. Rodenburg
Jr., Prescoit, Ariz.: *Charies V. Jensen, city: Vir
gil Avansino, Pleasant Valley, Cal.; .David Roas,
Vallcjo. Cal.; Frank Brown, Alameda. Cal. : *Anna
Odell, Lynden. Anne C O'Neill, city: An
drew *narp. city: *l'laude Kin*, city; *Alice M.
Kewbegin. city: •Ellzabftb Ciay, cltv: *JulU
Sweeny, Vailejo, Cal.; *Klv!ra Ma'mleaf, city;
*Henry Samuel, Alameda, Cal.; Yaautaro Konishi,
Japan: *Frßnk Allen, Bakersfield, Cal.; Fred
erick Meincke, c:ty; WiliUm F. Rea«ion, Bodl •.
Cal.: C. >\ Jouuson, city. *Oeorge J. O'Connor,
Alameda, Cal.; Achilles Tognini, Cayucoa, Cal.:
♦Cieorfce H. Pecht.city; *James C. t. orbett, city ;
*Albert Chartln, Blue Lake: George J. Tammev,
city; Addie J. Rohrer, 1 r.k». Cal.: Walter S.
Johnson, Brookdale, Wash.: •Burton J. Rose.
Emigrant Gap, CaL: Seukitsu Urabe, Japan;
*Jolin J. Custcr, Switzerland: *Carl J. Fjord. Ala
meda, Cal. ; *J. .T. Broiich»r>l. city : *Teresa Ma
guire. city: *Marilia Mx-Curmlck," Oakland, Cal. ;
G. E. Jackson, Manchester. Kng. ; Irwin W. Stcry,
Battle Mountuin, .\ev.j Walter Krauae, Tuttle
town; *Ravruond Whitney, RocKlln. Cal. ; Esther
E Jlarri?: Genoa, New ; Richard Crowley, Napa,
Cal. : *A. P. is. Wagner, Someravlllt-, Cal.; Bertha
a. Furrer, city; *Alf K. Gibhs. Oakland. Cal.;
♦Frederick BUnch, city; *CnsDar E. Altsbuler,
city; Arthur H. Burna.city; John N. Noble, Valley
Vista. Cal.: Charleij W. Huvden, Novato. Cal.:
Charles D, Mayer, Vallejo, Cal.; Roßer Tomasino,
Point Reyes, Cal.: David R. Kssenbach, city:
Arthur sherry, city; *.rrauk J. Dougher.y, city;
*lhomas Dougherty, city: *Roae Hember
ger, city: *May E. Ballinper, city; George H.
Hamilton, Wheatland, Cal. : *M. C. Dewltt, city:
*\Vii!. W. Belshaw, Antioch. Cal. ; »Robert W.
Henry, Baker City, Or; 'Henry Brandt, city;
Klsa Kverding, city : Amy Corder, Oakland, Cal. ;
Win. F. iloran. Vallejo; Daisy Thompson, city;
♦Carl J. Schulz, city; Carl J. Kieveshal, city;
♦Emma O. Bode, city; *Robert Nutting, Berkeley.
Cal.: fc. B. Greenou»h, Fortuna, Cal.: Frank A.
Biagini, city; John SlcQueen, city; »Franz Mar
tens, Golden Gate, Cal. : * Allen E. Pehon. Sao
Leandro, Cal.: t-stelle Ahlers, city: Charles More
beck, Shingle Springs: Joseph Jj. B.umb,
Shasta, Cal.: Edward I*, Schultz, city;
Mabel A. Thomson, city; George H. Walker, Jr.,
city: Wuller E. Tuft, Alameda, Cal.: Ernest
Koechlin, Berkeiev, Cal.: Claude Borough, stev
enavi.le, Cal.: *Henry W. Hidorn, Brentwood,
Cal.; Helen Burt, cliy; C. 11. Thaxter, Carson
City, Nev.; Edwin A. Hamilton, tonora, Cal.;
May E. Welton, city; FredC. Walter, city; Charles
G. Flunr, city; Julei Levy, city: Leonard Gujcliel
mettl, Petaiuma, Cal.; *Emlly Mclnerney, city :
James H. Hampton, Oakland. CaL: Joseph Alas
tick, Alameda, Cal.; *A»red Arendt, Pleasanton,
Cal.: Fred A. Lowell, Sonoma, Cal.; F. R. Tog
nazzlul, Switzerland; *Frank J. O'Connor, Ala
meda. Cal. : John F. Oakland; Rufus F.
Butter, Sycamore. Cal.- Ralph Musclo, Cayucos,
Cal.; *Mary Clifford, St. David. Ari?:.: Robert A.
Brownlle, \ allejo, Cal.; Henry G. 1 inches, city;
Robert E. tampion, Oakland, Cal.: Kstelle M-
Roblnet, city: Meyer Cohen, city Eva Wclm rney,
city; Emma Hartmunn. Livermore, Cal.; *Agm-s
Brennan, Oakland, Cal. ; Charies Perry, c.ty;
♦Josephine Henry, Oakland, c«U. ; a. S. Nicholson,
Brentwood, Cal.: Alice Miller, city: ♦Louis H.
Peterson, San Luis Ob'spo, Cal.: 'John M. Otten,
city: W. H. Thomson, city; Josephine Hallahan,
Oakland, Cal.: *Milton C. Lawson, city; Albert
Paul, city: »Effie F. Trott, Santa Maria, Cal.;
♦Walter B. Kohn.city; Lulu A. Huff, city : Thomas
J. Buckley, San Leandro, CaL; ♦Harold V. Cham
bers, city: Alice E. Wood, San Mateo, Cal.; Ella
Peterson, San Luis Oblspo, Cal.; Mamie J. Hur
ley, Virginia, Nev. ; George Wagner, San Leandro,
Cal.; Jonn F. Hanson, Alameda, Cal.; George
MeUle, Gibsonville, Cal. : Dorninik Moos, Sacru
mento, Cal.: George W. White, Sacramento, Cal.;
K. W. Creighton, city ; ♦Daniel Armbruster. city;
♦Rober: M. Barthold, city; James E. Bandy,
Woodland, Cal.; Martha L. Leslie, city; Emma
Wolpmon. city: Clarence Entler, Chico. Cal.;
George H. Richards, Placerville, Cal.; Kate J.
O'Connor, Edna, Cal.; R. L. Hursb, city: ♦!*
Monte Verde, city: Henry Schwartz, city ; Vivian
Hoxie. San Rafael, Cal.; «E. F. Fitzgerald, San
Miguel, Cal.; Adolph Dunker, city: Edward Hus
sey, Vallejo, Cal.; Florence Mcl'ormick, Pesca
dero, CaL: Julia McCormick, Pescadero, Cal.;
Wm. B. Kine, Merced, Cal. ; 'Henry A. Gilbert,
Paradise Valle3 - , Cal.: Mary O'Connor, city;
Henry Prosoie, Steamboat, Nev.; Wm. H. Gor
man, San Leandro. Cal.; Arthur Hewitt, Farming
ton, Cal. ; Wm. A. Louis, city; Edward J. Campbell,
Ventura, Cat.; Charles P. Hawke, city; Kddie
Peters, Dixon, Cal.; Wm. '. booias. city: Alma
Cumont. city: Minnie Christen, Oakland, Cal.;
Henry Tiedemann, Alameda, Cal. ; Bertha Brown,
Fort Bragg, Ca!.; Vinnie Mac Lean, Napa, Cal.;
Walfred- Paulson, Oakland, Cal.: Florence Raw*
linso.i, city; 'A. Melville Dollar, San Rafael. Cal. •
♦Robert M. Blevlns, Williams, Cal.: 'Frederick J.
Meamber. Pokegama, Ca!. ; Bernard Llehtig, city;
♦Ernest B. Sprunck, city: Alphcnae Brouchoud",
city; Al. Robin, city: Ciprlano D. Monte, city;
Anna Relnhoid. city ; George K. forep, Alameda;
George Mefret, city.
♦Graduates marked thus • are in employment.
Shorthand Department.
♦Frank T. Allen, Cholame, Cal.; 'Marie Baum
berger, San Leandro, Cal.; 'Victor Boell, Oakland,
Cal.: Annie Brown, Redwood City, Cal.; »G. de la
Celle, Paris, France: Margaret Cooke. city; "Os
car F. Campbell, Santa Rosa, Cal.; Minnie Dun-
Dlnc, Modesto, Cal.; *S. Domeniconi, city; ♦Nellie
Gore, Vallejo, Cal.; Josephine Gorisil, city Ed
wßrd R. Gwinn, city: *hllzabeth Gay, city-
Charles V. Jensen, city: *Kmma B. Jenkins, city'
Kate Kelley, cliy ; Mary E. Lee, Dixon, Cal. • ♦Fred
J. Loch, Oakland, Cal. : 'Jennie Leonard, city
•Walter Mohns, Alameda. Cal.: 'James B Alan'
ning, Roseville. CaL: 'Walter Megarry, Valleio
Cal.; »Emma Moblad. Alameda, Cal.: 'William'
Lee, city; 't-.lsle M. March, city: *Annle E. Moore
city: 'Ada Newbegin, city; 'William H. Newell
city; 'lid W. Norton, c.ty; 'Anna OJell, Lynden'
Wash.: 'A. B. Fet.-rs. city; *i.ouis A. Pierron
city; ♦J. Ratte, city; 'Benjamin shaver, city;
*gus bhoentuld. city: 'Ella Thomas, city 'How
ard E. Jacoit, city; Marguerite Rllev. city; 'Mrs.
Alice de Mir, city: '.Nina Young, city; 'Isabel
.Bocardi, Ontario, Canada; •Edgar Norris, city
♦George Kenan, city; 'George Pecht. city: 'G.
Shaw, Oakland, Cal.: Emma Hanks, city; 'Fred
Kronenberg. city ; *Ant.a Lindsay, Oakland, Cal. ;
♦Julia sweeney, Vail* jo. Cal.: L. Ahlers, city;
*J-rcl W. B anch. city: 'Acnes W. Brown, dak
land, Cal.: 'Asnes V. .Brennan, city; *.May Hallan
ger.city; *E. Canney, Pon Wine, Cal.: Maiues C.
Corbett, city; 'Amanda cohn, city; 'Eugene U
Dimen. El Dorado, CaL ; *Lillian Donovan, city ;
■B. C. F.ockion, Alameda, CaL: *A. K. Gibbs, Oak
ili. n ,' CaL; Kate *'• Wurman, s-ausnlito, Cal.;
•Stella Hansen, city: Nora V. Hurley, Virginia,
Nev. ; *Rose Hemberger.clty: Mrs. Amy D. Hanks,
city; Josephine Henry, Oakland, Cal.; 'E. K.
Johnson. I bal, Cal.: Mamie Kessing, city. WU-
Ham Krause. Tuttletown, Cal. : ♦William Kutter,
city; *Elsie Lange, Red Bluff, (a 1 .; 'James B.
•Manning, Koseville. Cal.; 'Fraiis E. Martens,
Oakland. Cal.-, Lydla Milloglay, city: 'Kmlly a.
mclnerney, city: 'Kivlra Malriileaf." ci y, »i£. Me
Munry. Vacaville, Cal.: ".Martha McCormicW,
Oakland, Ca!.: Teresa Maguire, city; *Kobm F.
Nutting. Berkeley, Cal.; Monn .Vl. Otten, city;
Kelly I'readniore, Ashland, Or. : ♦Oeorge B. Pre*.
ton. Concord, Cal.; *Alleu K. IVlton, San Leandro,
Cal.: 'B. J. Rose. West Berkeley. CaL : Aida J.
hohrer. Little Shasta, Cal.: *Ju!ia Sweeney, Val
lfjo. Cal.; 'Arthur W. StauftYr. city: Elizabe:h I.
Tanner, city: Mary Wi-lton, tity; Kmma L.
Wolpman, city: 'Horence Younglove, city; Annie
J. Campbell, Oroville, Cal.: Ben a t j.rrar, Ocean
View, cal.: Bertha Ferris, ciiy; Josephine Haia
han, Oakland, Cal.; Mamie J. Hurley, Virginia,
N-v.; Emma Hartman, Llverniore, Lai.: Vonle
Llneliau, Reno, Nev.: Mrs. Vinnie McLean. city-
Eva L Inerney, city; Anna M. Closkey, city-
Emma Nickerson, city; Ethel B. Nagle, Oakland
Cal.; Estelle M. Koblnet, city; Florence T. Kaw
llnson, city; Jessie Stokes, cltv: Mabel Thomp
son, ctty: Maud E. Patton, city: George E. Jack
son, England: Esther Houser, city; 'Isabel Hop
kins, Alameda, Cal.
•Graduates marued thus • are In employment.
Electrical Enginnering Department.
•J. G. Wagner, city; '\V. L. Rhys, city; «R, a
Ortg3by, Calistoga, cal.: Joaeph Harris, Oakland
,C, C , a !\ : ,* Ze l la Barr y. Nevada: 'J. McKay, city; 'J
U Cale; J. Colgett, Oakland. Cal.: *W. F. Read"
Ing. Bodie. Nev.; A. & Boehuke, city. **"
•Graduates marked thus * are in employment.BUSHELS OF PILLS
AT THE PESTHOUSE
The Anti-Leprosy Medicine
Opened and Exam
ined.
IT IS IN THREE FORMS.
But Appetite for a Holiday
Dinner May Delay Treat
ment
LEPERS IN FOUR CLASSES.
Much Interest and Curiosity Displayed
by the Lepers at the
Unpacking.
Five dig boxes ornamented outside and |
ins.de with mystic Japanese characters I
were dumped at the Pesthouse door yester- j
day morning.
They mutely announced the Jong- I
delayed arrival of the Dr. Goto anti- j
leprosy specific for which the fourteen
lepers there have been patiently waiting
for so many days. The course of treat
ment will now soon begin.
City Physician A. P. O'Brien arrived
soon after the medicine did. He and
Superintendent J. P. Keating of the Pest
house, when the boxes had found a final
place of storage in the nurses' room in the
smallpox ward, opened one of the boxes.
Curious and odorless little brown pills
by the bucketful, bushels of small chips of
what seems to be bark of a faint aud pecu
liar odor, and bushels of hail" crushed and
powdered yellow barK, were exposed to I
light for the first time since they left the i
land of the Mikado. The small chips first !
described are to make tea with, and the •
other so-called chips are to go into the
baths with the lepers. The Chinese
woman, "Annie," one of the worst cases!
of leprosy In tbe Pesthouse, watched the i
opening of the Lex and inspected the i
three preparations of the cure with great j
interest.
The packages are put up in the neat
Japanese manner. Each package con
tains instructions in Japanese and Eng
lish.
Dr. O'Brien prepared a schedule of doses
to direct the nurses and posted it on the ;
wail. The lepers are all designated by I
name, and the quantity of pills and tea i
and the numberof baths is about the same I
in each. The schedule looks something
like this:
Frank Bindt, 1
Krntst Biudt,
Pedro Penlda.
Bruce,
••Annie,"
Ah see, j Batb, 1 package.
Ve>- On, }■ Pills, 3 teaspoons
tSee O, I fnl. One teaspoou-
I.lm Now, I ful after each meal
Ah I.cc, I three times a day.
Ah Koofc, I
Ab Kow, I
Ah Kin,
Yee Foo. J
There are from 90 to 100 pills in a tea
spoonful. The pills have a tendency to |
nauseate in many cases. Superintendent j
Keating, who sampled one, said they are j
almost tasteless, but he drew the line at |
drinking the tea and taking a bath in the
stuff.
There are about three heaping table
spoonsful of the tea in each package. It
is put into about a pintot water and boiled
down one-third before using.
The package containing tne bath prep
aration is about the size of a bunch 01 fire*
crackers. The bark is put into a linen
bag and soaked in the water. Dr. Goto's
instructions are that pure running water
is best for the bath and well water next
best. The Pesthouse has neither.
The whites and the Chinese will bathe
in separate tubs, and they will use one
water. Owing to the limited accommoda
tions at the lest Louse probably only one
bath a day will be taken.
The Bindt boys, as mentioned in The
Call several days ago, have taken the
treatment before. It did them a great
deal of good. They were broken out, and
their faces and hands were as badly
swollen and as scaly as the worst case in
the Pesthouse. Now their complexions
are clear, though pale, and their flesh is
smooth. They will keep up the treatment.
Pedro Penida, the Mexican, has been tak
ing the pills alone about two months. He
said yesterday that they had done him
some s;ood. When the pills nauseate the
instructions of Dr. Goto are to stop using
them for a day or two, and to nevei take
them on an empty stomach. Further in
structions from Dr. Goto are to the effect
that for every five days of bathing there
must be one day of rest, and that if con
gestion or fatigue follow, the number of
baths must be decreased. The member of
the Board of Health of Honolulu who was
here some weeks ago said that tbe baths,
though the most inconvenient to take,
seemed to do the lepers more good than
any other part of tbe treatment. The
water must cover the shoulders of the
bather.
It was intended to celebrate the glorious
Fourth at the Pesthouse by beginning the
treatment this morning, but the leper
appetite may interfere with this pro
gramme. The leper appetite is quite vig
orous. The fourteen unfortunates heard
yesterday afternoon that Superintendent
Keating is going to give them a special
spread to-day in honor of the Declaration
of Independence. Among ocuer good
things to eat each leper, as be passes be
fore the cook's window bearing a platter
for the regular "hand-out," will be given a
piece of succulent roast pig and some
pastry.
Now, the lepers know that the Dills have
a tendency to make them sick at tbe stom
ach, so some have declared themselves to
the effect that they prefer to postpone the
beginning of the treatment one day to run
ning the ri3k of losing roast pig and pas
try after it is comfortably located under
their waistbands, and this may be done.
Superintendent Keating was inclined to
postpone the treatment till all couKi be
gin it together.
Dr. O'Brien said last evening that if the
roast pig and pastry appetite of the pa
tients did not shrink in size the treatment
might not begin to-day. "They are going
to have a little beer, too, I believe," he
said.
"I have divided the patients into four
(lasses," he continued, "from thoee who
have leprosy in its incipient stages up to
those who have it in its worst form.
There i.« only one case of Asiatic leprosy
out there— the scaly kind. He is that tall,
tine-looking Chinaman. Each of the four
classes will bathe in the same water. Ido
not want to put those who have the dis
ease in its early stage into tne same water
with the ulcerated patients. I do not
think I shall go out there again until
Monday morning."
"When ought the effect of the treatment
to become visible?" he was asked.
"It ought to be visible in tbe skin of tbe
patients in two or three days," the doctor
replied.
THE VETTER ESTATE.
< oinplieation* Over the Property of n
Mother Who Gave All to Her Son.
There seems to be some friction among
the surviving relatives of Caroline Vetter,
who died last month, leaving a will which
bequeathed her property to her son, Fred
erick J. Vetter. The will was made in
1893, but in 1896, four months before she
died, Mrs. Vetter executed a deed of gift,
conveying what property she had to her
sod. The property consisted of real estate
on Market street, near Sixth, and of a
residence on Fell street.
Since Mrs. Vetter's death Rosine Grant,
a sister of trie deceased, has filed a petition
askine that N, Jacobs be appointed ad
ministrator of tbe estate in question.
Yesterday F. J. Vetter tiled a paper pro
testing against Jacobs' appointment and
declaring that Rosine Grant has no rights
in the matter which need protection.
SIEBE'S BANK SUITS.
L,a Societe Francaise Obtains a Writ of
Certlorarl ia the Matter.
The last bank suit against Assessor
Siebe to prevent him assessing the corpo
ration's personal holdings on the basis of
the Bank Commissioners' report, was filed
yesterday. La Societe Francaise d'Eparg
nes et de Prevoyance Mutuelle is plaintiff
in the case.
The French Bank claims that on April
10 it paid the Assessor the taxes on its
property as valued by that corporation,
and received a receipt in full therefor, but
that since then the Assessor has assessed
other property of the bank, which is not
assessable under the law, amounting in
all to $348,727. The additional tax would
be $7846 36.
Mr. Siebe notified the bank that unless
this amount was paid before noon yester
day he would seize its personal property
to satisfy bis claim. The bank, therefore,
prayed that a writ of certiorari be issued,
in order that the action of the Assessor
micht be reviewed and that Siebe be en
joined from further proceedings in the
matter until after the case had been de
cided.
Judge Troutt granted the restraining
order, and the hearing will be had next
week. >
TO FLY A MILE IN THE AIR
Forecast 0 ficial Will Launch
Kites Under Auspices
of "The Call."
Mr. Hammon Proposes to S?nd Up
Scientific Missionaries From the
Roof of the Mills Building.
In addition to the many attractions
offered the people of San Francisco to-day
will be a novel feature from the roof of the
Mills building occupied by tne Govern
ment Weather Bureau. From this coign
of vantage P'orecast Official W T . H. Ham
mon will make an experiment with several
new modeled kites just received from
Washington, D. C.
These kites have been made expressly
for San Francisco by Mr. Pottor of the
Weather Bureau Department. The model
! upon which they are formed required ad
j ditional strength in consequence of the
I high wind in this City.
Mr. Hammond and his associate, Alex
ander G. McAdie, will send the first kite
into the air from the roof at 9 o'clock this
morning and will continue running the
wire with his experiments until 12 o'clock,
thereby giving the thousands of spectators
who will be out of doors an opportunity
of viewing Mr. Pottor's model at a height
of a mile in an easterly direction from the
top of a ten-story building.
It will be the ambition of Mr. Hammon
this forenoon to surpass anything hereto
fore recorded in the kite-flying line. The
highest elevation made by any Kite is that
recently reported to have been made in
Washington within the past fsw weeks,
j where it is said the 6000 feet limit had
j been passed, but those figures are not
taken as official by the authorities in this
I City. The verified record, however, of
j 4700 feet, as made in New Jersey, is cred
! ited, and to pass this, as also the reported
j Washington figures, will be one of Mr.
I Hamrnon's ambitions to-day.
In breaking this kite-flying record the
experiment will be under tbe auspices of
the San Francisco Call.
An experiment was made yesterday
I afternoon at 4:30 o'clock, when the kite
I was sent out for a half mile, with a wind
■ force of thirty miles an hour. Everything
worked most satisfactorily and the
Weather Bureau officials are confident that
they will achieve the honor of send
l ing a kite higher in the air than has ever
• been done heretofore. At all events the
I trial will be made, and should a success
follow Mr. Hammon will be pleased and
I the people oi San Francisco will be grati
; fied to learn that the attempt has been
i made to penetrate the heavens with m
j struments that will inform them of tbe
! kind of climate that the fellows up there
I have to live in.
C. P. WELCH IS CHOSEN,
An Efficient Man to Be Suc
cessor to the Late General
McComb.
Elected Out of Thirteen Candi
dates—An Ex-Naval
Officer.
It has been announced by President
Sonntag of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children that C. P. Welch,
out of thirteen candidates, haa been
chosen the successor of General McComb
as secretary of the society. He was in
dorsed by thirty naval officers, several of
ficers of the regular army, besides by
many of the leading merchants of the
City. Altogether 142 signatures attested
to this gentleman's ability and worth.
Mr. Welch is a naval officer on the re
tired list, being a graduate of the Annapo
lis class of 1868. Among his classmates
are numbered Executive Officer Ingersoll
of the Philadelphia and Executive Officer
Wadams of the Monterey.
Mr. Welch was born in Charlestown,
1 Mass., in 1847, but has lived in California
twenty-two years and has been a resident
of San Francisco for thirteen years.
His friends say that he is particularly
adapted to this position, requiring as It
does executive ability, tact and firmness
in emergencies, as in all these qualifica
tions Mr. Welch is attested to be favored.
The future secretary is a man of gre. t
popularity among his comrades, and has
been an officer in the George H. Thomas
Post. G. A. R., for eight years.
Mr. Welch expressed himself last night
as hiehly gratified at the honor and con
fidence conferred upon him by his friends.
'•Wliat is particularly gratifying to me,"
said he, "is that no place where I went
was I refused indorsement. I believe that
1 have a taste for this kind of work, and
shall certainiy exert every effort to up
hold all the principles and requirements of
ihe office."
In 1876 the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children was organized in this
City and so great has its sphere of useful
ness become that it attends regularly to
750 cases each month. The present presi
dent.is Charles Sonntag.
An Old Bfugician Gone.
Louis Schmidt, well known in musical cir
cles for more than twenty years, dropped dead
yesterday morning at the corner of Leaven
worth and .Suiter streets. The deceased was
at one time leader of the Baldwin orchestra.
lie has been suffering from heart trouble for
several months and his death was not unex
pected.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
JAPAN'S MONEY IN
ENGLISH BANKS.
The Way in Which They
Purpose to Dispose
of It.
AN INCREASED REVENUE
Several New Sources Which
Have Been Created Since
the War.
A TOBACCO LEAF MONOPOLY.
Secretary Hayakawa Talks of His
Country's Great Strides This
Coming Year.
S. Hayakawa, private secretary of the
Minister of Finance of Japan and Govern
ment Inspector cf the Bank of Japan, is
among the distinguished foreign guests
S. Hayakawa. Private Secretary of the Minister of Finance of Japan.
now staying at the Palace. Next month
he will be in London directing the dis
bursement of the $100,000,000 now on de
posit in the BanK of England by China to
the credit of Japan. He intends to remain
there a year and will then return to his
financial departmental duties of state in
Tokio. The $75,000,000 balance of the war
indemnity due from China to Japan is
payable in six installments in the month
of May of the next succeeding years, but
in addition to this sum there are the inter
est upon the principal, the annual 500,000
taels for the expenses of the Japanese
troops while they remain at Wai-hai-wei
and the 30,000,000 taels allowed for the
surrender of the peninsula of Liau-Tong,
the payments of which have to be seen to
by the accredited representatives of the
two Governments.
"The national debt of Japan," said ths
Secretary, "is now about 370,000,000 yen,
bearing interest, generally, at 5 per cent
per annum. The expenses of the late war
with China were some 210,000,000 yen and j
the result will bs an enormous increase in
the expenditures of the state. Before the
war our finances were conducted on a very
uniform scale, but now, since its cessation, |
all is changed, and Viscount Watanabe is
compelled to adopt a new and broader pol
icy to meet the requirements of existing
conditions.
"The damage to our army and navy
must be repaired immediately, and a vast
sum of money must also be appropriated j
to the encouragement of our home indus- I
tries and manufactures and to foreign trade I
and commerce. To carry out these ideas i
successfully the first step" necessary was to
devise ways and means for increasing our
national revenue. For the accomplish
ment of this purpose we have taken the
following measures:
"1. A monopoly has been declared upon
tobacco leaves.
'•2. The tax upon Bake has been in
creased 30 per cent.
"3. A stamp tax has been levied upon the
record of all sales and transfers of real
estate, etc.
"4 A uniform license tax is exacted from
leading business and professional men.
"All tobacco- planters have to send their
leaves to the Government warehouses,
whence the raw material ia supplied to
manufacturers, sake, or rice wine, is in
common use in our country, and the reve
nue derived from this source is corre
spondingly large. The tax on real estate
transactions, etc., is regulated according
to values, and in the business and pro
fessional licenses it is only the wealthier
people who are taxed. With these new I
sources the Government secures a net in- i
crease of 28,000,000 yen a year over that of '
preceding years.
"For all this money, not to mention the
war indemnity, Japan has many uses.
The interest on Government bonds must
be met, also the increased pension claims, j
The army and navy must be put in a \
condition which will insure the safety of
the nation, railroads, telegraph and tele- I
phone lines must be constructed, embank- j
ments must be built along our rivers to
prevent inundation^ iron factories must
be erected, a new banking system must be
established to loan money on real estate,
subsidies must be granted to navigation
companies, harbors must be constructed,
our civil and military system of education
must be improved, the lately acquired
island of Formosa must be settled, etc.
"In our estimated expenses for the
present fiscal year we allow 400,000,000 yen
for the construction of railroads; for the
principal and interest on Government
bonds, 30,000,000 yen ; foi the army. 42,000,
-000 yen; for the navy, 24,000,000 yen; for
pensions, 3,000,000 yen ; for telegraph and
telephone lines, 3,000,000 yen ; for naviga
tion subsidies, ships, etc., 700,000 yen; for
the establishment of iron factories, 600,000
yen ; for public education, 500,000 yen."
George Middlemiaa* Stock.
Suit haa been brought against Frank P.
Hooper, executor of the estate of John J. Mc-
Kinuon, and the San Francisco Gas Light Com
pany for $175, due as dividends on 100 shares
of the gas company stock belonging to the es.
tateof George Mutdlemiss. who died in 187 6.
McKinmin was administrator of MiddlemiS3'
estate, and when he died in February of this
year the gas company refused to pay the divi
dends to any one until it is legally determined
who should get it.
OFF FOR ALASKA.
Mystic Shriners Have Cone North on
an Excursion.
Nobles of the Ancient Arabic Order of
the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine, with
their wives and daughters, got away at
6:30 o'clock last evening on their excur
sion to Alaska. They will leave the oasis
of California for about twenty-six days,
a weefc or ten days of which will be spent
in the wilderness of ice and night and
flowers of the far north. There is much
night and many glaciers in Alaska, but
the climate on the coast is mild.
The party took the train forTacoma and
will board the steamer Queen at that
point. Captain Carroll of the Queen is an
old San Francisco boy, and members of
the party have in store for him a thing or
two in the nature of surprises.
The Queen's cabins will be decorated
with emblems of the Mystic Shrine. There
will be a sine excursion to Juneau after
the party reaches Sitka. Colonel V. R.
Duboce, secretary of the Shrine, who has
assisted materially in the preparations,
found at the last moment that he could
not go, as he has charge of a battalion in
the parade to-day. Among the party were :
C. L. I'atton and wife, J. Z. Davis and wife,
E. P. Foster and wife. Colonel F. W. Sumner
and Wife. M. W. Belshaw and wife, George
Haas and wife, Mrs. Ella A. Judson, Miss
. w d]ilnc Pearl Judson, Miss Edith Bass, C. L.
Field and wife, C. S. Benedict and wife, Colonel
c. M;ison Kiuue and wife, Dr. Wright and wife,
Martin Jones and wife, J. Harry Scott and
v, lie. M. Qmenbagen and wife, Miss Charlotte
D. Judson, Miss Emily Wilcox, Mrs. John
Gillson, Mrs. E. G. Dennistou. Mrs. W. S. Cragin,
Miss linns Mrs. lieorge Spaulding, Miss Beck
with, Mrs. Will E. Fisher, F. H. Pitman, Bert
Benedict, J. H. Jennings Jr., Chester Judson.
VA. Wilcox, W. Dutton and wife. Miss Susie
t'nook. Miss Kittie McGowan, Mrs A W Jack
son, Mrs. J. C. Smith, Miss Carrie 1,. Morton,
Miss H<-j>pner, ifiC. 11. Mann. Miss Hulse,
Miss R. Jennines, C. If. Murphy. A. C. Billike,
T J. Bass Jr., Fred Hink, Miss Edna Field
Miss Alice B. Connelly, Miss Walker, Miss
Annie Jackson, Miss Annie M. Hagarity
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Captain- Douglass— M. 8., City. William Y.
Douglass, retired captain of police, is a native
of the city of New York.
The Swokd of Bunker Hill— S. E. C. City.
The words of "The Sword of Bunker Hill" were
published in The Call October 7, 1894.
Naturalization— A. G., City. Any of ths
departments of the Superior Court of this City
and County, when in session, will receive ap
plications for naturalization. No special days
have been set for the departments for that
purpose.
McKim-ey's Religion— Lady Subscriber, City.
William McKinley, the Republican candidate
for President of the United States, is a member
of the Mi-thcKlist church. On the first page of
Thk Call, issue of Monday. June 22, you will
find an account of Major McKiuley at worship.
February 29— T. H. H., City. An individual
born on the 29th of February will not be able
to celebrate the anniversary of his birth on
thm day in 1900, for the reason that that year
will not be a leap year, and It is only in leap
years that the 29th of February occurs.
Bonn to One— J. P. J. and others. City.
An answer to a mimber of correspondents
given in the issue of Monday, June 29, under
the head of "The Silver question" in Answers
to Correspondents gives an explanation of the
matter referred to in your communication.
Cesar and Cicero— a. C. R., Burlingame.
Cal. There is considerable difference of opin
ion*as to how these two words should be pro
nounced In Latin. The pronunciation as
taught in the schools or San Francisco at this
time is, as if Caspar whs written keesar, and
Cicero was written kickero.
Cuban Revoltjtton— j. w., East Oakland, Cal.
It is no easy matter to communicate by letter
with the revolutionists in Cuba. Probably the
most successful way to accomplish that would
be to write to tne Cuban Junta, New York
City, inclosing the communication which it is
desired should be transmitted.
Answers— M. 8., City. No charge is made
for ansv-ers in this department. All questions
to which it is possible to obtain an answer
will receive attention and recognition; but
there are questions asked sometimes that it is
impossible to answer, and this department
does not feel called on to give a reason in each
cs?e why no answer is given.
For the Presidency— J. w., Usal, Mendocino
County, Cal. The constitution of the United
States says: "No person except a natural
born citizen, or a citizen of the United States
at the time of the adoption of thit constitu
tion, shall be eligible to the office of President;
neither shull any person bo eligible to that
oflice who shall not have attained the ace of
35 years and been fourteen years a resident
within the United States."
Electing a Pope— A. C. R.. Burlingame, Cal.
The election of a Pope was definitely placed in
the hands of the Cardinals by Pope Nicholas
11. in 1059, and, with some modifications, this
is the present method of election. The Cardi
nals meet on the eleventh day after the de
cease of the Pope in n series of double cells
(conclave) one for each Cardinal, his secretary
and chamberlain, and on the lollowing day
the election begins. They are not bound to
elect a Cardinal— only heretics and simoniacal
persons are excluded— arid the closing act of
the election takes place in a chapel specially
reserved for that purpose.
The Pony Express— J. O'D., City. The Pony
Express was established in April, 1860, and
was part of the mail service between San Fran
cisco and New York, by way of Sacramento
and St. Joseph, Mo. The distance between the
points named was traversed by horsemen who
each had 10 cover a stretch of sixty miles and !
who were pttid high wages. The packages
they curried did not exceed ten pounds, and
the charge for transportation was !£5 gold per
quarter 011 uce. The delivery from Now York
to San Francisco was made in fourteen days.
The express continued in operation two years,
and was withdrawn when the telegraph across
he continent was completed
Homestead— X., Vacaville, CaL A person
may declare a homestead on his dwelling and
the land on which it stands, and the limit of
the homestead at the time of declaration must
not exceed $5000. The amount of land does
not affect the declaration. The market value
is generally considered the test of the value of
the homestead.
The Bet Was Off— Sport, City. In the Cor*
bett-Sharkey match the decision of the referee
declaring bets off affects all bets, those made
outside as well as those made inside of the
poolroom, for the reason that the proposition
that Sharkey was to stay four rounds with cor
bett was not determined. Before the termina
tion of the fourth round the police stepped in
and put an end to the show, consequently
Sharkey did not demonstrate that he could
stay four rounds with his opponent. Bets
made on that proposition are off
Corbett and Choynski— a. S., City. The
record shows that in 1884 Jim Corbett met
Choynski and defeated him in one round.
They met again May 30, 1889, at Fairtax and
fought four rounds, wlien the police put a
stop to the fight. On the sth of June follow
ing they again met, that time at Benicia,
when they fought twenty-seven rounds and
Choynski was the loser, he being knocked out.
On the 15th ot July, same year, they met once
more, that time inVan Kran<isco, and Choyn
ski was defeated in four rounds.
Swimming— J. W. C, City. The best way to
learn to swim is to place yourself under the
care of a swimming teacher, but if you do not
care to do that the following is said by a pro
fessor of natation to be the best method for one
who wishes to learn. "Wade out until breast
deep in the water, tnrn toward the shore,
throw a white pebble or other object easily
discernible a short distance before you and
pluuge after It. The resistance offered by the
water to this effort will buoy you up and the
moment you have acquired sufficient confi
dence and command of your limbs to strike
out regularly you will have learned to swim."
To Obtain a Patent— T. McD., City. In order
to obtain a patent it is always safest to con
sult a reputable attorney who makes a spe
cialty of such business. You might on your
own account make application for a patent at
the Patent Office in Washington, but you
might make a mistake that would involve con
siderable loss to you. The fees, exclusive of
that charged by the attorney for his service,
are to be paid in advance aud are as follows:
On Sling each original application for a patent,
$15 : on issuing each original patent, $20. In
design cases — For three years and six months,
$10; for seven years, $15; for fourteen years,
$30. On filing each caveat, $10; on every ap
plication for the reissue of a patent, $30; on
filing each disclaimer, $10; for certified copies
of patents and other uapers in manuscript, 10
cents per 100 words; for certified copies of
printed patent 3, 85 cents; for uncertified
copies of printed patents, 10 cents; for record
ing every assignment, agreement, power of at
torney or other paper of 300 words or under,
$1; of over 300 and under 1000 words, $2;
oi over 1000 words. $3 ; for copies of drawings,
the reasonable cost of making them.
Etiquette— D. J., City. If A and B, strangers
to each other, call upon Mrs. C. and after the
evening has advanced A finds It is time to re
tire he should do so quietly, express his regrets
to the hostess and to B that he is forced to
"leave such pleasant company," etc., and as
he leaves B should rise and either extend his
hand or bow and express regret that A must
take bis leave. If a hostess has a servant she
should call that individual to aceomuany a
parting guest to the door, it there arc other
guests in the parlor, as it is improper to allow
a parting guest to make his or her way out the
best way possible. If the hostess has no ser
vant she can excuse herself to those remaining
and herself accompany the parting guest. If
you are invited by a friend to dive at one of
the large hotels the friend will order the din
ner, but as a rule if the diunerisa la carte the
friend will consult your tasies as to the partic
ular dishes you may desire to have brought to
you, ana such should only be ordered as each
course comes in order. It would be very im
polite on accepting a friend's invitation lo
dine to examine the bill of fare aud tneu say,
"I guess I'll have ciiieken soup, crab salad,
oyster patties, fricandeau and peas some roast
Chicken, asparagus and French salad, char
lotte rut-so, ictcream and small cakes, aud then
a small cup of coffee." No, it will nev;-r do
under the circumstances "to order all the
courses at the same time." If a lady is seated
in a parlor and a stranger enters and is in
troduced the lady, unless an invalid or of ad
vanced age, should rise while acknowledging
the introduction.
Jury Duty— "Wellington," City. The law of
this State says that every citizen of 21 years of
age who has been a resident of the one
year and of the county or city and county
ninety days, who has the possession of all bis
faculties, has ordinary intelligence and is not
decrepit, is possessed of a suflieient knowledge
of the English language, and is assessed on the
last assessment roll of the county or city and
county on property belonging to him, is quali
fied to be a juror. Age is not an excuse lor
non-service on a jury. Those who are excused
by law are judicial, civil or military officers of
the United States and of the State oi Califor
nia; those holding city, county or town
ship offices; attorneys-at-law, ministers and
priests of every denomiuation following
their professions; teachers in universities,
colleges and schools; physicians; drug
gists actually engaged in tbe business
of dispensing drugs and medicines; offi
cers, keepers and attendants of an alms
house, hospital, asylum or other charitable
institution; officers or attendants at a State
prison or county jail; those employed in navi
gation on the waters of the State; express
agents, mail carriers, employes or operators
ofa telegraph company doing a general tele
graph business in this State; a keeper of a
public ferry or toll-gate; active members of
the National Guard or fire department, or an
exempt fireman; superintendent, engineer or
conductor of a railroad; a person who has
been drawn as a juror in any court of record
on a regular panel and who has served as such
within a year (but such ii not exempt when
called to try a particular case). In this City
and County jurors are paid in civil, but not iv
criminal cases. A. case is pending to deter
mine if jurors are entitled to pay in criminal
cases.
MALARIA AND RHEUMATISM
From the Journal, Wilmington, Ohio.
On one of the fertile farms of the rich Ohio
Valley, seven miles from Wilmington, the
county scut of Clinton County, Ohio, and but a
short distance from the small town of Melvin,
their postoffice, in a cozy little country home,
resides John Arrasmith and his wile, Minnie.
A few days since a representative of the
Journal drove out to Melvin to see them. In
the course of the conversation, Mrs. A. detailed
the facts of her cure:
"Last July," said she, "from undue exposure
in mv work about the farm, I contracted ma
larial fever and rheumatism and suffered from
the illness greatly. I could not throw it off,
and although constantly attended by local
physicians continued to grow worse. In Sep
tember I caught a severe cold, which greatly
increased my other troubles, and taking to my
bed there I lay for months. The rheumatism
grew more aggravated, and for eight long weeks
prior to last Christmas I was perfectly help
less, my limbs below the hips being as if para
lyzed and I having no use of them whatever.
I could not help myself in any way, and was
not able even to turn over in bed unless my
husband or some one else came and turned
me. Medicines which the physicians lcf k ,
did no good and nothing I could take
afforded any relief. I was discouraged ana
feared that never again would I be up and
about the house. It was anything out a
bright prospect, for I was but '20 years old, had
be«sn married only two years and my life was
before me and to go through it a helpless
cripple, a burden to my f. ends, was a fearJul
fute to think of.
"I had read in the Wilmington Journal from
time to lime articles telling of the wonderful
cures which had been effected by Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills, and had become impressed with
the CRses where they had caused persons to
walk and recover who had been us helpless as I
was. Consulting my husband, we determined
to give them a trial. So he drove into
Wilmington, and going to the drug store
of George W. Brown bought three boxes
of the pill?. I began taking them
immediately on his return. That was
about the first of the present year. Before the
first box was gone I began to realize that I was
getting better, and by the time I finished the
second box the pain with which I had been
suffering for nearly six months and the dis
ease which had made me helpless for eight
weeks disappeared entirely aud I got up. I
took the third box of the pills and have never
felt a twinge of rheumatism since, and I am
doing my daily work and feeling as well as
anybody."
To confirm the story Mrs. Arrasmith made
the following affidavit :
Sworn to before me and subscribed in my
presence, at Wilmington, Ohio, this 29th day
of June, 18!). i.
C. Q. Hildebrant, Clerk of Court.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People are
now given to the public as an unfailing blood
builder and nerve restorer, curing all iorrns of
weakness arising from a watery condition of
the blood or shattered nerves. The pills are
sold by all dealer*, or will be sent post paid on
receipt of price (50 cents a box, or six boxes
for $2 50— they are never sold in hulk or by
the 100) by addressing Dr. Williams' Medicine
Company, Schenoctady, N. Y.
THE SUNDAY CALL
THE NEWSPAPER THAT GOES INTO THE HOMES OF ALL.
O<>oo<>o-00-00000£0-00©-0-0"0-0"0 - 0"0©-0
I WHEN THE $
$ STARS AND STRIPES ?
I WERE RAISED |
I AT MONTEREY BAY. S
V The Whole Fascinating Story Faith- V
6 fully Told and Beautifully Illustrated. <S
Q<KHK>oo'OK><><><>o4<>ooo-C>o-f>o<>o-00-0
A HOST OF NOVEL FEATURES.
THE SUNDAY NEWSPAPER.
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
RABLnOAP TRAVEL}
BOUTIIKB9T PACIFIC COMPAST.
(PACIFIO SY.-UKM.)
Train* leave nml arc «lue to arrlre at '
MAM IIEAM1S(O.
[.kave — From Juke 7. 1896. — akhivb
. *6:00 a Niles, San Jose and Way SUtions... 8:« a
7:<»Oa Atlantic Express, Og.lun and I'.ast.. *-•*.-. i>
' 7:OOa licaicii, VacayiUe, Rumsey. Sacr*.
mento, OroTille and Redding vi»
Davis 6i45p
7:00 a Martinez. San Ramon, Kapa, Calls-
toga and Santa Rosa <:13f
•:30a Mm, San Jose. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Mirysvillo and Reii
.. Bluff 4:15p
•9:»Oa Peters and Milton »7:13p
9:OUa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Lou Angeles 4:45p
»:00a Martinez and Stockton 1 1:4.1 a
0:00 a Valiejo 6:13r
l:OOpKi!es, San Jose and Livermore 8:45 a
•I:OOr Sacramento Uiver Steamers "O:«Op
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations t7:45p
4:00 Martinez, Han . Ramon, Vallejo
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo uic
Sr.nta Rosa 9jl3a
«*»op Benlcia, Vaoayille, Woodland,
Kuigbts Landing, Marysvillt,
OroTill** and Sacramento 10:43 a
*:30p Nile?, San Jose, livermoro and
Stockton.; 7tlsr
4:8«r Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemlte) and Fresno 11:45 a
••••p New Orleans Impress, Fresno.
•ielil. .Santa T>arbßra,TiOS Angeleei
Iteming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:15 a !
9i99t Santa IV Root*, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East IC:l3a
OsOOp Vallejo 11:45 a
«:(><> European Mail, Ogdeii sad East.... 0:43 a
«:OOp Haynanls, Nilcs aud San Jose 7:43 a .
t7:OOp Vallejo :.......;........: f~:43p ;
7:00r Oregon Express, Sacramento, Mai
vilie. lCcl.Hiii;, Portland. Puget
Soiiiul ami East I0:4»a |
' SANTA <;IUIZ iHVIs;o.N Qinrrorr Uangej.
(7:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, t'anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JSrOSp
,Silsa Newark, Ceutervlllo,Ban,loso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
, Sutions Bi3«p
■ ■ *S:l3r Newark, ervillc, San Jose, New
' Almader, Felton, Boulder Creek,
. • . . Santa Cruz and Principal Way
SUtions : •11:20*
I4:lBp Newark. San Joee and lioa natos....
COAST DIVISION (Third X Towiiaeml St».)
•6:45 a San Jose ami Way Stations (New
Almaucn Wednesdays only) .« 9:47 a
{7*3oa Sunday Excursion for San Joseu
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way SUtions.... {SiSSr
«il9a Sau .lone, Tres Pino.i,' Santa Cruz,
*?aci!ic Grove, Paso Rubies, San
J.uU Obispo, Guadolcpe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7»03p
1»:47a Palo Alto and Way SUtions f 1 >30p
IO:4Oa San Josa anil Way Stations... 3:00r
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
*2:'i)UpSan Mateo, Mcnlo Park, Han Jos*
Gilroy, Tros Finos, Santa Cruz,
Balinaß,Monterey and *IQ:4Oa
*3:»0r San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations *1;3Op
•4:3opSan Jose and Way Stations •»:<)Ca
. 3:30r San Jose and Principal Way SUtious *8: 8**
O:3Oi» San Jose and Way Stations V."0:33a
m;4fSp San Jose nml Way Stations.-....;... t7:43v
SAX IiL'A.MvUO AM) IUVWAKI>> LOCAL. !
«»8:OOa") <:.■'( 7:15 a j
-8:00 a 1 t!>:1~
i«.O»a Melme,Semin.rrP»rt, iiTssa
"bISSp F!tchbiirg,Sa«Le.Bdro 1 "fjjgj
«:«0r M fl ' 4:1.»r
4:OOp " "* »t43]
5:OOr Myiriras. 8:I.V
State luywards. 7J _ r
7:OOp j v R:l.-, r
9-OOp' < Rons through to Niles. I 10-Sof-
nil':l.->pj tPromNiles. UrialoOr
CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from SiS mNOISCu— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
1 •7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tIHW . »2:00 ■ t2:Z-
-•1:00  J6:CO.:*6:oopj«.
1 from OiIUKD— ofßro»drtj.— ; 0:00 8:0t
10:00 a.m. U2:CO •1:00 $2:00 *3:00 'M*
; -' ♦3:00r.M. -■■- ■■-.-■•■■ ■■■■■.--
-• • '■'■■ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. • .■:.*; - ■ t .Saturdays only !
* Sundays only. .'■*se"*>*&to*lSM
■ II Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
«^ R ** '';' a c.n-1 tfaxyHya for Jjant-v Crr.z. ■
COSIMCOPOXiTT^.M'.
Opposite U. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Sax
1 rancisco. Cal.— most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room. $1. *1 25 and *1 s\i pec
j day, according id room. Heals 2&& Booms, OJ3
; and 750 • day. . free coach to and from toe hotel.
: J-ooit lor the coacu oeari nz the name, of the Oar
| Biopoltian Hotel. WAL it jlHK Y. Proprwia*.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UHB DAMI ANA BITTEKS. TH.i*
grew v Mexican : itemedj; (Itm iieaiUi «<** .
btren«Ui to the Sexual Organ* - ■
[J, RAILROAD TRAVEL.'
SMFRAScisCoSoRTO PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 8:00, 11:00 A. *.; 12:31
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 P. H. Thursdays— Extra trio
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtra trips ac 1:60
and 11:30 p. if .
BCNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:8 ft 3:3 ft
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. v. Saturdays-Extra trlpi
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6 :35 p. m.
BtJ^,^ p 35 M. 9ia8 ' 11:1 ° "** "■> I: ** 3: **
Between San Francisco and Schaetzen Park same
schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. Ip*^ San Frl'iTcisca
Wekkl airs- u es ti2ition Saw- I Wbkk
Days. | days. "eatination. DAYa^ ( Day^
7:30 am 7:30 am. Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 AM
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm , 6:15 pm
~ " ~ " Fulton, '• ~~ r .
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Bealdsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 PM 6:18 pm
Pieta. '■
! 7:30 am Hopland * 10:10 am
I 3:»ofm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 6:1B pm
7:30 am ~ ~ ~ 10:10 am
7 :30 am Guernevllle. 7 :30 pm
j 3:30 pm . I ... 6:18 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm , 5:00 pm ' Glen Ellen. 6:06 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:3() am! ha , ton li 110:40 am! 10:10 am
3:30 5:00 pm l SebastopoL [ 6;05 pM [ 6;15 pic
Stages connect at SantA Kosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skazjis Springs: at
! Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeport; lac
H opland for I.akeport and Kurt Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
j Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Uerley's, Bnck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Huliville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Fort Bragg, W«stpor£, TJsa.l, WUiets. Cahto, Co-
Telo. Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce*
rates. -Tf~v'aHijnw'>'ii<r'i>—i'ii | iniwi)i"*uinii>iii h ii
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic '^^^^^^
sj^f»9^srig3^BJwL
| Trains leave and arrive at BfiFJ§Bj3[
SANTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & P .^j|p>j§|^^Q\)Tg|
Direct Line »^^<2Br*>"'^S2j
i Loaves every , day at 5 p. m., carrying . Pullman
Palace It Kvinsr-riK-m Sleepers, a so : Modern • Up.
uo s end Tourist Sleep. ;. -, :u • •., with clean linen
and bed.i n , ana >n- chance •of r> Dorter, run dally
thronah ■ot'.hiciwm via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis.
' Personally co dm-ced Boston Excursions via
Kansas City, (hi.-igo, Montreal and the White
Mountains leave 'nvarv Wcdnes^ar.
The best! railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office— 044 Market Street,
Wr'.-: Chronicle Building.
Telephone Main 1531.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
. (Via Sausalito Ferry).
Jrrom San Francisco, ( ommi ncins June 15, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San <■ Rafael — 7:00. •8-00
! Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
aays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
i „ ■ :-..-. SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-*8 :00. »9:00
; *10:00, 11:30 a. m.; •*l3:3j. *1 :30, »2:16 »4OflL
l^OO t A :4 M 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sausalltoat
, Trains marked * run to San Quentln. ••12-io
F. m. does not run to Mill Valley. "^
j ' THROUGH TRAINS.
: c For Point ' Reyes ana way stations— B:oo A. m.
; Baturdays: 9 a. m. Sundays; 5:15 p. m. weeKdayst
i n iin m'r n ' Heves - Caiadero and way station*—
' f .-0.0 a. M. Sundays; 1 :46 P. M. weekanvsr
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
In wheeling the great event of the sea
son will be brought off to-day at Peta
iuma. As will be seen by reference to the
cycling columns thousands of people are
expected to be present to witness the
great racing events, and, as *»n exceedinK
ly warm day is promised, all lovers of
lemonade will bfc in tho swim.
The pastimes of to-day consist of base
ball at the Presidio and Folsom-street
grounds, coursing at Ocean View, Pacific
Inanimate Target Association shooting
contests at Alameda Point, cricket at Ala
meda, lawn tennis tournament at San
Rafael, handball in the professional Dall
courts and yachting on the bay.
THE WHEELMEN.
Annual Division Meet of the League
at Petaiuma To- Day.
The annual meet of the North Califor
nia Division of the League of American
Wheelmen will be held to-day and to
morrow at Petaiuma, and wheelmen from
all over the State have assembled at that
point to join ih the celebration. A ball,
parade, races, country run and barbecue
are some of the features of the meet, to
all of which league members are given
free admission. Of these features proba
bly the most interest attaches to the races,
which will be held on the Petaiuma
Wheelmen's new four-lap track, which
has already earned a reputation lor speed
and safety. The best riders in the State
are entered in the different events, and
the contests should be close and exciting.
The handicapping has been done by Rob
ert Assheton Smyth, official handicapper
of the league, in his usual impartial
manner.
All tbe big local clubs will attend the
meet. A great many of the men went up
last night on the 5:10 o'clock Tiburon boat
and train. The big party was that ar
ranged oy the Bay City Wheelmen and
managed by Acting Captain George E.
Dixon. They chartered the steamer Gol i,.
which left Jackson-street wharf at 5:30
o'clock, laden down with Bay Wheelmen,
San Francisco Road Club members,
Olympic Cyclers, bicycles, music and
lunch, and they were having a most jolly
time as they left the wharf. The steamer
makes the run in about five or six hours.
They will remain until Sunday and return
tlir.t afternoon by v:heel.
Those wl<o did not iro to Petaiuma yes
terday will have to take the early boat this
mo' nine, wh icli lenves the Tiburon slip at
7:30 o'clock, to reach there in time for all
the festivities. To accomodate those who
desire to return to this City to-night a spe
cial train will leave Potaiuma at 9p. m.,
reaching here in about two hours.
The r'etaluma wheelmen have com
pleted ail arrangements ior the big meet,
and it promises to be the best affair of the
Kind ev<r held on the coast. Tbe support
tliey have received irom the city clubs has
given them confidence right along, for
they knew that if ail the San Francisco
clubs attended the meet, that alone would
make it a success, and Petaiuma itself,
always loyal to the home cluo, will turn
out all her citizens to help crowd the
grounds and cheer the winners of the
races.
The cycling writers of the San Francisco
papers are curious to see the Petaiuma
track's press stand, and they will have the
opportunity to-day. One of the riders
who is there training writes me to De
sure and come up Saturday, and closes his
letter in the following slangy but expres
sive way, "You we ntn t be a thins but glad
when you see the press stand here; it's a
peach."
The league meet over, the wheelmen's
attention will next be directed to the
twenty-mile road race of the California
Associated Cycling Clubs, which takes
place Sunday, July 12, over the San Lean
dro triangle. The entries close next Tues
day night. There are to be teams of five
men from *>ach club. The Garden Citj
Cyclers and Bay City Wheelmen will not
enter the race, and it will probably be won
by the Acme Club Wheelmen of Oakland,
as the rules of the race provide that the
riders must be pure amateurs, not even
class B men of last year whom the league
has restored to amateurism, and the Acme
Club has the most and best men on the
coast, when the line is drawn so fine.
The Imperial Cycling Club go^s to Peta
iuma this morning by the 7:30 boat, to
take part in the big cycle parade there.
The club also has a number of good riders
entered in the races. In the postal notice
to members the secretary adds the follow
ing:
This is the annual L. A. W. meet and L. A.
W. members will be admitted to the races free
on presentation of membership ticKet. At
Petaiuma we will dine at tbe L. A. W. hotel,
and your membership card will entitle you to
a reduction. It is to your interest and also to
that of the club to join the L. A. W. ; the an
nual election is near at band and our club
should be represent'--! on the new board. The
initiation free is $1 and the annual dues $l,
whici) is a very trivial expense considering
the many advantages derived.
The regular m-eting of the Imperials
will be held next Monday evening. The
initiation Jee to the club is now ?5. An
Imperial club paper called the Announcer
has been started by Edwards <fe Macary,
members of the club. The first number
will appear July 15. It will be devoted
largely to Imperial Club items in addition
to general cycling news.
Colonel Albert A. Pope, president, and
A. E. Pattison, secretary of the Pope
Manufacturing Company, sailed for En
rope July 1, and will be absent several
months.
The Pacific Cycling Club will have a run
to Boulder Creek during the Fourth of
July holidays. The start will be made
this morning at 4 o'clock and they will
stop to-night at Congress Springs. To
morrow they will ride to Boulder Creek
and return by train in the afternoon.
There are two Masonic cycling clubs in
the United States; one is the Orion Cycle
Clnb of Brooklyn, N. V. ; the other is the
Lv Lv Wheelmen of Philadelphia, com
posed of the Mystic Shrine, which was or
ganized in August, 1891, and for a long
time had tlie honor of being the only
league club in the city.
Charles A. Eliiot, one of the charter
members of the Bay City Wheelmen, was
married recently u> Miss Smith of Stock
ton and is now receiving tbe congratula
tions of his friends and fellow members.
In those good old cycling days when a
rider (we all rode ordinaries then) knew
peisonally every other rider in the City
and the make of his wheel (there were
only two or three different styles), Elliot
was one of the most enthusiastic riders
ami took many lone country trips in com- ]
l>any with Steve Knapp, Billy Meeker. I
Ralph Thompson, Billy McClure, Fred
Allan, Porter Libby, Robert M. Welch,
Frank Jnme*, the writer and others, some i
of whose names you seldom hear of in I
cycling affairs nowadays.
The California Cycling Club is going to
bid for the prizes offered in the parade at
Petaiuma to-day; and Lieutenant Reid, in
the absence of Captain Mayo, will take up
a large number of the members on the
early train. At the regular meeting next
Monday night the prizes won in the club's i
recent road race will be distributed.
There is almost as much rivalry between ,
Ziegler and Cooper upon the National I
circuit as between Cooper and Bald. At!
New Orleans on June 13 Ziegler broke the j
world's record for a lialf mile in competi- ;
tion, winning the race in 1:00 4-5. Nothing •
would do but Cooper must have that
record, and he saved his best efforts for
half-mile event*. He did not ! aye to wait
long, for at Utica, N. V., on the 17th he '
found a fast track and speedy competitors,
and to win the race he had to ride it in
record time, :59 3-6. Its Ziegler's turn
now.
Edwin E. Stoddard of the Bay City
Wheelmen will start in a few days on a
business trip to Mexico, and will be gone
about three months. Ho will take his
wheel with him. and may do some riding.
The racing board has issued its bulletin,
No. 17, dated July 3, 1896, as follows:
Sanctions granted — July 3, A. Lehman, Lom
poc, Cal. ; July 3, Seattle Cycle Company, Se
attle, Wash.; July 4, Coos Bay Wheelmen,
Marshfield, Or.; July 4. Charles Fotheringham,
Vacaville, Cal.; July 4, C. W. Wilson, Monte
sano, Wash.: July 4, La Grande^Cyclintr Club,
La Grande, Or. Sanction issued to San Miguel,
Cal., for July 4 is hereby revoked.
Transferred to proiesfclonal class — Canbv
Howitt, Los Angeles, Cal., and M. F. Hill, Aber
deen, Wash., own request. Ed Beamer, G. E.
Montgomery and G. L Weiss, South Tacoma,
Wash.; Ed Sloane, Chehalis, Wash.; John
Slmrick and George Sharick, Tacoma, Wash.,
clnuse B.
For competing in unsanctioned races—Sus
pended until August 1,1896: Harry Williams
Arthur Coryell, D. C. Butterfield, Charles King,
C. M.Lowry, Arthur Truebiood, of Whittier.
California.
Suspended until September 1, 1896: Ed
Beamer, G. E. Montgomery, G. I. Weiss, J. B.
i Draper, South Tacoma, Wash.; Ed Sloan, Che
i halis. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
The annual picnic run of the California
Associated Cycling clubs will be held on
Sunday, July 19, at Coyote Point Beach,
: near San Mateo. The . run will start
| from Twenty-second and Folsom streets
iat 9 o'clock a. m. Lunch is to be furnished
by each of the clubs attending, and will be
carted to the grounds free by the associa
tion. There is a fine grove of trees on the
picnic grounds, and an elegant bathhouse
near by, and the prospects of a salt water
swim after the ride will tempt many on
the rnn. A large crowd is expected.
Santord Plummer, official referee for
this district, has been ill for a week past
and may not be well enousrh to officiate at
the races at Petaiuma to-day. If not Mr.
Welch of the racing board will take charge.
There is no choice between the two gentle
men as referees; both are equally good.
Ray Macdonaid, who came here with
the Columbia team early in 18M5 as a team
mate ot E.idie Bald, but could not ride
owing to ill health, made many warm
friends during his visit to this coast. It
will be a great surprise to them to learn
that Macdonaid was married on February
5 last to Miss Marion E. Nichols of New
York. The wedding has just been an
nounced in New York and has surprised
his friends there mightily. The news was
conveyed to me in a personal letter to a
friend. Macdonaid has been on the Conti
nent during the past two months, racing
with the foreign professionals, and has
been remarkably successful. He is now on
his wav home, and will compete during
the rest of the season on the National cir
cuit.
The members of the. Golden Gate Cy
cling Club enjoyed a splenaid run to Mair
field iast Sunday. Tuesday evening the
officers tendered the members an informal
reception and banquet after the usual
weekiy business meeting. The clnb is
adding to its roll every week. George
Haie and H. Sadke were admitted at tue
last meeting. The five-mile road race of
the club will be held in a few weeks, and
tbe men are now training for the event.
Thus far Captain J. Black has shown the
most speed, and bids fair to become a very
fast rider with proper training. There
will be about twenty-five entrants in the
road race.
Riders possessing a due regard for the
rights and privileges of pedestrians never
clang their bells unnecessarily. It is suf
ficient for the careful, observing cyclist to
give timely warning only, not to ring his
alarm after the occasion has passed, or in
a hysterical manner when it is too late.
The wheeling critics of the larger cities
can best i omprehend t'.is statement.
Take New York for instance. Green cy
clist run down pedestrians almost daily
there, and in nine cases out of ten it de
velops that the rider rang too late, forgot
to do it, or did it when too far away for
his victim to note the warning. Common
sense will dictate when to ling and when
not to ring.
Coasting on bicycles promises to grow in
popularity everywhere as a means oi diver
sion. Club contests are now all the rage
in the Empire State, prizes beine offered
as in a race. The fat man has~a chance
with his lean friend in this sort ot a con
teat, which accounts in part for its measure
of success. It is often the case that a
coasting competition forms the feature of
a club run. A long hiil is chosen, the
straighter the better, and the entrant that
goes the furthest witnout removing his
feet from the coasters or sculling (moving
the forward wheel to the right and left) '
wins first prize. Probably the biggest
coasting event ever held will be that now
being promoted by the Metropolitan As
sociation of Cycling Clubs of New York
City. It will take place August 15 on one
of the hills on the Irvington-Milburn
course in Jersey, made lamoua by the
great handicap held there annually on
Decoration day.
When the associated tlubs* gave their
ten-mile road race last October, and there
were ninety-six entrants from the twenty
three different clubs belonging to the asso
ciation, every one remarked about the big
entry list; and it was big, and considerable
difficulty was found in correctly placing
the men and computing the times at the
finish. Under these circumstances the
news that the South Side Cycling Club of j
Chicago is to hold an open road-race to
day for which there are over 500 entries is
rather astonishing. And the clubs and
papers don't seem to think much of it
either. The race is to be held over the
famous course to Pullman. I wonder how
Mr. Wetmore or Captain Strong would
like to take the times of snch a race as
that, and how Charley Adams or Judge
Kerrigan would enjoy officiating as judges.
It must require about a hundred scorers.
A number of members of the San Fran
cisco Road Club went to Petaiuma last
night, and tho balance will follow this
morning, taking tbe 7:30 Tiburon boat.
The San Franciscos will stand a good
chance of winning a prize in the cycle
parade there.
George P. Wetmore, Edwin E. Btoddard
Henry L. Day, Thomas S. Hall, Captain
George P. Caldwell. Fred L. Day and A. J.
Menne of the Bay City Wheelmen are
camping at La Honda for tbe holidays.
Spaldinq.
THE ANCLER.
Sportsmen Who Have LwftThls City
for the Trout Streams.
Carey Friedlander. Alexander Hamil
ton, president of the Country Club, and a
a party of sportsmen left this City last
evening for Boca. The expert flycasters
will whip the Truckee River to-day and
to-morrow, and as they are well supplied
with Henry Skinner's best killing trout
flies, it is presumed that they will land in
this City Monday morning with baskets
well filled with beautiful rainbows.
John H. Grindley and wife are rusticat
ing at Independence Lake. Mr. Grindley
is, without auestion, one of the most ex
pert lake fishermen on earth, and as Jack
Sarami has "posted" him on the ways and
means of catching cut-throat trout, the ex
press company wili doubtless nave its
bands full delivering packages of fish in
this City to many friends of the "flowery"
Grindley.
Alexander McCord. John Lemmer, John
Berires and a friend who pretends to be a
fly-caster, visited San Andreas Lake last
Thursday. Fishing was first class and the
anglers had very little difficulty in filling
Uieir baskets with steelheads. Mr. Mc-
Cord, who got enthusiastic over the sport
of fly-castinp, has left an order with a
prominent rod-maker fora first-class rod
for fly-casting. Sufficient to say that Mr
McCord "with his black gnat flies" dis
counted a gentleman of the party who
boasted of being the only member who
could cast a fly properly.
W. P. Fuller. Fran* Fuller, George
Stratton and Jack McGlynn left last even
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
ing for a few weeks' outing in the country.
The party will camp at Gravely Valley,
which is a good game and fishing section,
near the south fork of ibe Eel River, in
Mendocino County.
Dr McKenzie and family and Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins left this City last
Wednesday for Soda Springs, where good
trout fishing is now to be had.
H. Battu and a friend had a very excel
lent day's trout fishing on Alameda Creek
near the confluence of the Calaveras
Creek iast Sunday. Mr. Battu had two
fish among those caught that scaled one
and one and a half pounds respectively.
Captain Goorge dimming recently left
this City for s ime black bass fishing in the
Russian River near Duncan's Mills. The
Captain will leave this City for Lake In
dependence when he returns from the bass
waters. Charley Green will visit the Rus
sian River to-day.
Ed Bosqui has jnst returned from
Eureka, Humboldt County. He states
that the net fishermen are now catching
laree quantities of young steelbeads near
the mouth of Eel River.
Edward Kolb, the all-round sportsman
and athlete, left here last Wednesday with
General Dickinson for an outing north of
Ckiah. The sportsmen will camp in the
vicinity of John Day's resort, at the head
waters of the Eel Kiver. Mr. Kolb is au
thority for the statement that wild Bheep
with antlers are very plentiful in the
vicinity oi the camping ground.
L. Miller ana Edward Siiadd basketed a
very nice let of trout last Sunday. They
fished the Lagunitas Creek at night and
report that the large nsh cannot be taken
after sunrise.
The Fly-casting Club will hold its next
meeting at Stow* Lake on t!he afternoon
of the 11th inst.
Last Sunday the following anglers en
joyed a most successful outing on San
Andreas Lake: P. Quinlan and party, W.
Whelan. Al Smith, H. P. Terry, Bob Tay
lor. J. Butler, C. Prerht, J. Mevers and E.
J. Bate*. It is thought that there will be
at least fifty rods on the lake to-morrow.
In a'few weeks tbe trout will grow wise
and wary and will not act as foolish as they
do now. Experience teaches even trout.
The following interesting article on
salmon and salmon-fishing was published
in an Eastern exchange. The writer says:
The question of the fish taking the fly as
food does not (as it sterns to me to be correct)
enter into the problem. In trying to learn
whether the salmon partakes of food after
It enters fresh water I have examined the
digestive organs of about filty salmon
without finding anything whatever in
them. Two views have been well set forth
by Mr. Hallock in his Salmon Fisher, and
by J. Parker Whitney, and a short recital
may not be amiss. Mr. Hallock says:
"The sole purpose of me 'spring run' of the
salmon in entering the rivers is for the object
of feeding. Barb fishing was the primitive
method of killing salmon." About the use of
the fly Mr. Hallock regardß it as an affectation
which had its origin among gentlemen sports
men who deemci it as more consistent with
higher ideas of sport than baited hooks. The
first anglers on this side for salmon were
British officers who affected only high art in
killing the salmon. As the salmon is alleged
to have the power to disgorge food from the
stomach Mr. Halloct thinks this is the reas n
why no food is found after the first has been
killed.
Mr. Whitr.ey says that the salmon upon en
tering fresh writer ceases to partake of food,
and the gullet, stomach and digestive organs
shrink or diminish so that it is evident they
are not employed to discharge their normal
functions; in the intervals between its en
trance into fresh water and return to salt
water the saimon is sustained by the enormous
amouut of fat which is stored in its body.
These views, so briefly summarized, are There
suit of much patient labor and investigation.
Yet, a gentleman on the Newfoundland const
told me that he had seen a mouse which must
have been swallowed while swimming taken
out of a salmon's stomnch, and the story was
credibly verified, and the«e instances can be
multiplied. I believe, however, that the in
stances omy exist where the fish has swallowed
the food in saltwater. It is certain tl.at the
salmon will take the fly on tne ;entn or fif
teenth cast, sometimes more, and how can this
be reconciled with the food theory?
1 have seen the salmon lie in the pools, and
have failed to rise them after untiring exer
tions and almost endless patience. I iiave
noted where the salmon were lying, cast five
or six times, changed the uy, repeated my cast
ing, waited a quarter or naif on hour, i ast" » gain, j
changed to tne first fly, and finally got that
salmon after three hours' work. It is fairly
Rgre^d that if the salmon rises, and misses the
fly or is not stabbed by the fisherman, it is im
possible to get that fish to rise without a
change of flies. And. again, anglers are united
in saying that after you rise the salmon you
should at once stop casting, reel ln your line,
and a. low the fish at least the time it takes to
smoke your pipe, freshly filled and deliber
ately smoked, or a Havana cigftr, or If, like
me — unfortunate one— you have never learned
to appreciate tobacco, then let at least ten
minutes pass into nothingness before you
make another ca«t.
AMATEUR ATHLETICS.
What Captain GUI Has to Say Con
cerning the Olympics at Portland.
Leonard Gill, the captain of the Olym
pic Club team, which recently returned
from Poitland, Or., has addressed the fol
lowing letter to Th» Call, giving a de
scriptive account of the races, together
with some oertinent statements as to the
treatment his team received from the offi
cers of the Multnoirah Athletic Club.
Gill speaks the truth when he states
that the Olympic Club should give clooer
attention to outdoor athleiics and better
encouragement to its athletes. Some few
years ago the Olympic colors were always
in the lead at field day meetings. The
Stanford and Berkeley University ath
letes were then satisfied to play a eood
second fiddle to the athletes of the famous
Western athletic club. But time has
wrought many changes in the aihlet'c
way, and now the Olympic Club must be
satisfied to play third fiddle to Stanford
j and Berkeley.
The question now propounded by the
loveis of athletic sport is when will the
Olympic Club awake from its slumbers
and make itself felt, athletically, among
the great clubs that are springing up,
mushroom-like, ail over the land?
Gills' letter:
The trip of the Olympic Club athletes to
Portland, Or., demonstrated one thing, and
that is tne Pacific Northwest is further ad
vanced in out-door athletics than it has been
given credit for.
The Olympics met the Multnomah athlete*
on trar-K and field on Saturday, June 27 in
thirteen events, and were defeated by the
score of 57 to 44, five points going to a firft
and three points to a second.
A great deal has been said in regard to the
treatment of the Olympians, and a few words
at the present time pubiisded in The Call's
sporting department would not be amiss.
The grounds of the Muitonamahs are situated
within ten minutes' walk from the business
heart of the city oi Portland, and are some
what lerger tiian the Olympic Club grounds,
and are much better situated for athletic
sports than the home grounds. The
track is five and a half laps to the mile
with ft 100-yard straight-away along the «ide.
The grandstand accommodates about 1500
people, which was flliert to overflowing on the
date of the Olyrnpic-Muitomah games, and it
was the most enthusiastic one the writer ever
saw. The day was everthing that could have
been di-sired, warm and pleasant, with not a
breath of air stirring. The first event on the
programme was called at promptly 3 p. m., the
time advertised, and it found Kerrigan, the
Northwest crackerjack, and Patterson, the
pride of the Olympic club, pitted against each
other. The jumping place was directly in
front of the grandstand, with no fence in* be
tween, which gave the spectators an unob
structed view of the field sports. Owing to
the importance of the different events, but one
was put on at a time.
The bar was speedily raised to the 6-foot
mark, which both men cleared without a fault
—wonderful jumplnc. When the bRr wag
placed *t6 foot 2 inches, Patterson leadine i>ff
knocked it down with his shoulder the crowd
in the stand showing its approval of the same
by lond cheering. Kerrigan then tried it, with
the same result. This made honors even
Patterson attain led off,, with the same result
In justice to Patterson, it must be said, that
two days before the games he re-injured his
jumping foot, which et this stage of tne u<une
was causing him considerable troub.e. Kerri
gan walked about rifteen yards from the bar
ran nimbly at it and cleared it in the most
graceful manner, though he had nothing to
6 pa re.
The audience about this time was very jubi
lant, as Patterson had but one more trial, and
in his last two attempts had not jumped up to
his form.
When the Olympic lad walked back to make
his final attempt the cat-calls that he was
greeted with must have made the better ele
ment feel sorry for some of their representa
tives; but Patterson was more than t'qual to
the occasion and with a mighty bound he
cleared the bar at 6 feet 2 inches, thus tying
Kerrigan.
They both failed at six foot three, and Pat
terson, owing to his ankle getting worse, re
fused to jump the tie-off, with the result that
OFFICERS OF THE PETALUMA WHEELMEN.
Kerrigan was awarded first honors, after clear
ing six ieet. and Patterson second place. Both
of these men are wonders, but Kerrigan has a
better knowledge of jumping than Patterson,
and in the estimation of several critics who
were on Hand Patterson had the better chance
to improve, as hi* style is altogether faulty in
many respects. Kerrigan seems to tie a more
persistent man than Patterson, and as it is his
ambition to set a new world's mark some day,
It is quiie probable that he will soon beuer his
recent performance. Kerrigan is about five
feet five inches in height, and weighs about
I'JO pounds stripped. He is a quiet, gentle
manly fellow, not ti yen to boasting, and as he
is but 18 years old, he will bear close watching.
The next event was the 100-yards dash, and
it found Fuller and Rosenberg of the Mult
nomahs and Butz and Giil of tne Olympic Club
lined up against each other.
The starter, Mr. Rah y, kept the men twice
on the mark for an unnecessary length of time,
with the result thnt Butz and Gill, who were
not used to that sort of starting, became some
what rattled. The third time the men were
put on the mark the starter shot the sprinters
off before the Olympic men had time to think,
with the result that at fifty yards Fuller and
Rosenberg were some yards in the lead, and
the former won out, with Butz second and
Gill third. Ido not wish it understood, mark
you, that Mr. Raley intentionally gave Butz
and Gill the worst of the send-ofl", but the fact
remains patent that they both got the worst of
the pistol.
Butz has always had the reputation of being
an exceptionally fast man in getting away
from the mark, but both of his opponents beat
him handily, because of the starter's style of
starting, which was foreign to them.
Very little can be saia about the broad jump,
Kerrigan winning the same with a jump of 20
feet 11 inches, Brunton coming next with a
jump of 20 feet 51,'5 I ,' inches.
The pole vault the Olympics let go by de
fault, the Multnomahs thus gaining first and
second places without any competition. The
mile run brought out Dave Brown, the best
miler ever seen in these parts, and Tallaut the
best man at that distance ever seen in the
Northwest. This man Tallant is a wonder, and
could, if properly trained, give any man in the
world a pumping race.
Originally Tall»nt was a 100-yard man, hav
ing a record for that distance of :10)^. Brown
ran the race of his life against Tailant; he
showed good headwork, plenty of stamina and
courage, but he met, on ihis occasion, his mas
ter. They ran even for the entire distance to j
within about a hundred yartis from the finish, I
when Tailant let out that 100-yard sprint of
his, and simply ran away trom Dave, finishing
the mile in 4:31 1-5, Brown's time being about
one second sluwer. These two moc met in the
half-mile afterward and it was but a repetition !
oi the first race. Dave staid with Tallaut to
within seventy or eighty yards of the finish,
when Tailant again spurted and finished an
easy winner in 2:04.
Tailant is a man 28 years of age, about six
feet tall and weighed 180 pound* when ne met
Dave.
He is married and the father of a family. !
Up to two years ago he never had a running- j
shoe on and did not know anything of ath
letics.
The22o-y»rd race was the best one of the
day. It found Fuller, the winner of the 100- j
yard dash, and Rosenberg, from the Muhuo- I
mahs and Brunton and Gill, from the Olym
pics, competing. When the men lined up' for !
the positions, Brunton had the inside, near- j
est the pole, Fuller was next, tnen Gill aud !
K<i*enberg on the outside.
Brunton started off at a furious pace, deter
mined to keep the lead; Fuller ran even with
him to the curve, when, owing to Brunton's :
superior position, he dropped buck a trifle; >
• iili was directly benind Fuller and Rosenberg )
alougsde of Gill. Wuen about three-quarters
Of the curve had been covered Fuller swayed
out sufficiently to give Giil, who had been i
hugging the rail, a chance to get the inside, j
with the result that as he was tbe stronger of
tiie two he ou. finished Fuller and ran a close ;
second to Brunton in the fast time of 23 1-5
second*, breaking their track record two- j
fifths of a second.
ln the 440-yard event Brunton and Wand
were entered, but owing to an injury which |
W«nd received he was unable to start.
It was promised by the management that if
Wand was unable to compete the Olym
pics could substitute any one of their team in
hiii place, and, although not denying this I
promise, they positively refused tiie Olympics
this privilege at the last moment, with the re- j
suit that Brunton ran against two Multnomah
men, and they fouled him all around the I
track, beating him out eventually in the slow ■
time of 55 seconds.
The Olympics also received unfair treatment i
in the 220-yard hurdle race. They placed the
hurdles in this race directly parallel with
each other, with the result that an Olympic
hurdler who drew an outside position would !
be compelled to run at least eight or ten j
yards further than an athlete who had the in- !
side position.
A protest against the placing of the sticts
was made to the referee, a Mr. Glisan— who, by
the way, is the president of the Multnomah
Athletic Club— but the protest was Ignored. !
Thin matter will be brought before the proper !
authorities, and it will be ascertained whether >
Mr. Glisan had the right to ignore a protest ol
this kind.
Morgan, the Multnomah hurdler, is an ex
ceptionally good man, whom great things mny |
be expected of in the future. His time :a the ,
120 hurdles, of 10 2-5 seconds without being
pressed, was a fine performance, and he cov
ered the 220 hurdles in :2« 3-&, another good
performance.
R. W. Edgren easily carried off the honors in
the three weights, und he made many friends
in that part of the world by his gentlemanly
conduct. The mistake the Olympic Cluo
made was ln not sending more men to com
pete, for on the day of the gnmes It had but
six men, and they were pitted against ten
first-class athletes. But, all things considered,
the Olympic Club men made a fine showing.
The Multnomah people expended $6000 on
outdoor athletics last year, and besides having
a care-taker at their grounds they employ a
trainer, a man by the name of King, who has
a thorough perception of all the finer pointsof
track and field athletics, and to him belongs
the credit of the Multnomah Athletic Club |
placing such a strong team in the field. His
men were all in fine condition and they cer
tainly did themselves and Mr. King proud.
What the Olympic Clnb should do is to place
iUelf in correspondence with the Multnomahs
and negotiate for another meet of this kind for
the same time aud place for next year, and in
stead of sending six men to compete send ten,
and the chances are they will come back win
ners.
The Oregonian treated the visitors with a
great deal of consideration, and so did the peo
ple of Portland. One thing is certain, a meet
of this kind is beneficial to outdoor sport, as it
gives the outdoor men something to work for,
and it should be encouraged by tho Olympic
Club. The Olympic Club is an athletic Insti
tution which has gained its prestige in the I
world at larste through Us athletic standing, i
and as its foundation was laid on the same we I
may hope to see track and field athletics prop- I
erly encouraged in the iuture.
Leonard Gill,
Captain of Olympic Club.
The Manhattan Athletic Club will give
an excellent athletic entertainment at its
club rooms, 1749 Mission street, Monday
evening, July 27. The committee is, at
ti'is early hour, arranging a pro ramme
which will consist of ali kinds of indoor
athletics.
According to the sporting article from
The Call's Portland corres-pondent, which
appears in this department. Kerrigan, tbe
great jumper, is lying seriously sick at his
home.
THE OARSMEN.
Crews That Left Here Yesterday
for Stockton— The Regatta.
The much-talked-of Stockton regatta
takes place to-day on the Stockton Chan
nel. The oarsmen entered in the different
events are in the pink of condition, hav
ing trained faithfully for the contests since
the El Campo regatta on May 30 last, and
if nothing unforeseen happens to dampen
the ardor of the scullers some very spir
ited contests will be witnessed.
To offset the action of the local senior
barge crews the Stockton rowing clubs
have induced the Pacific Coast Amateur
Athletic Association to arrange &** inter
mediate baige race to take the place of the
senior four-oared event.
An intermediate class is something new
ln rowing contests and should meet with
popular favor among oarsmen. When a
man wins a junior race he is eligible to
row an intermediate race before going into
the senior class, and in this way a rower,
after leaving the lower ranks, is given a
better chance to distinguish himseif be
fore meeting the cracKajacks of the senior
class.
If the South End junior crew succeed in
defeating the Stockton junior crew in to
day's event they will row in the interme
diate race against the Stockton giants,
wiio won the junior race at the El Campo
regatta from them by only four feet.
In all five events will be" pulled off at the
regatta, as follows: Junior four-oared
baree, intermediate class; four-oared
barge, senior; single scull, senior outrig
ger skiff and junior single scull events.
The rowing fraternity Jeft in a body last
evening for the scene of the regatta. They
tried to make arrangements for a special
steamer to leave the City at 8 p. m., but
failed in their purpose, and in consequence
there are many people who had intended
to witness the regatta in Stockton will now
remain at home, not caring to make the
triD in the overcrowded regular steamers.
BASEBALL.
Plenty of the National Game to Be
Seen on the National Holiday.
July 4 will see a lively time at the
Presidio grounds. Commencing at 1
o'clock two games of baseball will be
played for one admission. From all re
ports tbe players are on their mettle and
will cut out a lively pace.
The new team admitted into the City
League from Oakland will have a number
j of players that the Oakland people will
| take pride in watching. Among them are
. "Tip" O'Neill, Lou Hardy, Donovan,
Arlett and others. This team is wholly
composed of Oakland players, and will
represent that city not only in name but
with home material.
The Pacifies are the leaders in the race
i so far, with the Imperials right upon their
| heels. Mr. Muller and his Catifornias will
have to "ginger" up or they will find trou
ble landing anywhere near the top. The
young bloods are playing the better game
at present, and that is why the Californias
j are not strong — too many old timers.
I With the admission of the Oakland team
a new schedule will have to be made, and
lovers of the National game may look for
good baseball.
Following is the make-up of the four
teams that will contest to-day:
imperials. Positions. Caufobnias.
i Davi5. ............ Catcher. Bodie
Longhran „ Pitcher Klopr or Sy ices
81i55....... First base Mniler
Creamer Second ba5e........ ......5hea
£e<«lon Third base .:...Zeis
Barnett shortstop..- :McCord
; Horr. Left fl^i u Malioney
Crowley ......: Center field Buckley
| Kelly :..Kight field Cannon
SECOND GAME.
] Oakland*, Positions. .- Pacifies.
' A new Catcner... Hammond
Nolan „ ..Pitcher... McCartv
: Donovan First base Will's
. Keating Second base Beckett
j Walters Third base Edwards
I Ariett Shortstop Monahan
| Davis Left field Muller
t O'Neill Center field Strel
H»rdle Right field McDermott
The second baseball game of the Califor
nia League series takes places to-day at
| the Sixteenth and Folsom streets grounds,
! when Stockton and San Francisco will be
I the opposing teams.
Following is the make-up for Saturday's
, game: -•; t
I San Francisco*. Position. Stocktons.
; Cooney Pitcher .. Balr
I Peters ......Catcher Pace
swe"5 we " Flritbase..... Stewart
I bmiih_ Second base N. Smith
j Sweeney Third base Walters
, £j;iig Shortstop Lockhead
Eher Center Held White
Jberg Left field Chase
Murphy Kight field Banmell I
; On Sunday the Oakland and San Jose j
teams will play. The players who will I
participate and the positions they will oc
! cupy are as follows:
' Oakland*. Position. Bak Jobes. j
Doyle Pitcher.. stiff are I
Scott... Catcher Graham j
Leonard First base .- Ferry
I Hanley Second base M. Guclcin
, Brown.'. Third base. O. Foley
Ti150n.. ...... ........ ..Shortstop.... Foley
Zann Left field... Percisa
McCarthy. Center Held ..Robinson
Dalmaa Right field Dragbicevica
HANDBALL.
.Games Arranged to Take Place
This Afternoon?
The handball games booked to take
place to-day at the San Francisco ball
court, 858 Howard street, are: ■<
J. Collins and W. Stansbary vs. R. Murphy
and M. Edwards; p. Hutchinson and P. Kelly
vs. G. Hutcbinson and J. Slattery ; G. McDon
ald and P. Ryan vs. D. Rodgers and M. Mc-
Neil ; R. Lenihan and J. Feeney vs. P. Don
nelly and J. C. Nealon; J. Riordan (coast
champion) and J. M. Evely vs. T. F. Bonnet
and D. Connolly.
A single-hand game for a purse ■ of $50 will
be played on Sunday, July 12, between J.
Harloe and R. Lenihan, best three out of five
to constitute the rub.
At the Union handball court t;ie follow
ing games will be played :
T. Lenih»n and T. Jordon will play William
Kehoe and J. rath; Dr. J. A. Gibbon and
J. Freeman will play Dr. McCarthy and R.
Patterson; Terry McManus and J. O'Donnell
will play Professor Lynch and O. Henry. The
event of the day will be between Al Pennoyer
and R. Lenihan vs. J. J. Feeney and J. Nelson.
An interesting four-hand game was played
yesterday at the San Francisco Court between
John Riordon, coast champion, and G. Hutch
inson vs. J. Feeney and M. Kilgallon, cham
pion of Denver. The feature of the game was
the terrific hitting of Kilgallon; the game was
won by J. Feeney and M. Kilpallon, by the fol
lowing score:- J. Riordon and G. Hutchlnson
19-17.21-15; M.Kilgallon end J. Feeney!
• A single-hand game was also played between
P. Donnelly, amateur champion, vs. R. Leni
han. The feature of the same was the service
and overhead hitting of Lenihan, he winning
the game by the score of 21 — 7—21 " '
THE BOXERS.
Choynski Signed Articles to Meet
Slavln — Ryan and Green
Matched.
Manager Gibbs of the National Athletic
Club does not like the manner in which
his partner, Groom. <ransacts business.
Groom, it appears, has learned a thing
or two from Gibbs about clubs and how
they should be managed, and as a result
he now has about concluded to play a lone
hand in the game.
Gibbs is ticking in the traces, and says
that Groom cannot pull the wool over his
eyes.
"If Groom wants to rnn a club singly,"
said Gibbs, "let bim go ahead, but he
mast find some other name than that of
the National Club."
It appears that Groom offered a purse
of $6000 for a contest between Choynski
and Maher before he had consulted with
his partner, Gibbs. and, naturally, the lat
ter felt a wee bit huffy on being slighted
thusly.
The break between tne managers is but
very slight, however, and will certainly
amount to nothing, although there are
some people living "who delieht in trying
to make mountains out of mole hills.
Joe Choynski signed articles of agree
ment yesterday to box Peter Maher a ten
round contest before the National Club.
Eddie Graney signed for Maher. The
purse offered by Groom Is $6000.
George Green also signed an agreement
to box Tommy Ryan a ten>round bout, to
take place at the National Club the month
following the Maher- Choynski mil).
Malier has taken his departure from New
York for this city.
Young Mitchell says that neither Smith
nor Gallagher will get a cent of the purse
which the club offered them for a squarely
fought content. He says that it was one of
the»foulest fights he "had ever seen, and
that the pugilists were instructed before
hand that if they fought like dogs and cats
they would not get a cent. He is willing,
however, to allow them their training ex
penses, which is pretty good, considering.
Jim Corbett is at the springs, and he will
need to remain there for fully six months
to tone his exhausted forces.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
Scores on Eastern Fields— To- Day's
and To-Morrow's Games.
Higii scoring seems to be the vogue in
the East as well as in Europe. Playing
for the Philadelphia Club against the
Belford on the 20th ult. H. L. Clark car
ried his bat for 137 without, it is said, giv
ing a single chance.
The Yorkville team defeated the second
eleven of the St. George's Athletic Club at
Central Park, New York, two weeks back.
The Germantown and Merion clubs met
in a championship contest on the former's
ground at Philadelphia at the end of last
month. Effective bowling Dy G. S. Pat
terson and E. W. Clark retired the Merion
team for 67. After losing one wicket. G. S.
Patterson and W. W. Noble made a splen
did stand in partnership for the German
town eleven, bringing the total up to 211
by the call of time. Patterson made GO
without giving the semblance of a chance,
while Noble was credited with 127, not
out, marred only by a difficult chance to
long on when he had made 79.
The New Jersey Athletic and Manhat
tan clubs of the Metropolitan District
League p!ayed a championship game June
20 at Prospect Park, Brooklyn. N. V., the
former scoring 94 for the loss of three
wickets, after retiring the Manhattan
eleven for a total of 90. J. Adam made 34
and H. S. Tattersall 16, not out, for the
Manhattan team, while A. S. Webster, late
of the Bohemian Club of the Cali;ornia
Association, with 30, and W. D. Hickie,
with 20, were the highest scorers for the
New Jersey team.
The cricket correspondents of New York
and Philadelphia announce that a match
between the Australians and an associ
ated team of Californians has been
definitely arranged. I am anxiously
awaiting the publication in one or ot ier
of the Eastern journals of the selected
California team and other particulars.
Up to a late hour yesterday it was
feared that the Ground vs. Ground match,
I projected for to-day, could not be ar
j ranged. AJI hitches have, however, been
j overcome and the game will commence
punctually at noon. Whether the contest
shall last one or two days will be arranged
on the field to-day.
To-morrow the Pacific eleven play the
San Jose team on the Garden City grounds.
Umpire.
BAY FISHING.
Where Anglers Can Enjoy a Good
Day's Sport on Salt Water.
Boy fishing has improved considerably
on the north shore of the bay during the
past week, the fish caught averaging a
larger size than those caught earlier in the
season. Large strings of rockcod, smelt
and perch have been brought over on the
SausaSito and Tiburon ferries during the
last few days.
On Sunday last Frank Denny and a
friend causht about sixty pounds of red
and blue rockcod near Point Cavallo, the
largest a red rockcod weighing three and
a half pounds.
On Monday James Thomsen, the well
known anpler, and companion, caught
fifty-six pounds of red rockcod at Yellow
Bluff and Point Cavallo, the largest weigh
ing two and three-quarter pounds.
Several striped bass have been caught
lately in Sausalito Bay by professional
fishermen using nets. Last Monday one
was caught at the tide-gauge wharf weigh
ing nineteen pounds.
THE GUN.
Inaugural Shoot of the Pacific Tar
get Association.
One of the most interesting events of the
season, that is so far as trap shooting is
concerned, will take place this afternoon
at Alameda Point. The Pacific Inanimate
Target Association will gather in stron ;
force before the traps and it can be safely
said that some extraordinary scores
will be recorded at the end of the
day's contests, as among the contestants
will flgure several of the be-t inanimate
target shooters of the State. The pro
gramme, which was published in last Sat
urday's Call, is one of excellent selection
and the prizes are of such good value as to
guarantee a large field of entries. The
popular sportsman, Clarence Haight is
authority lor the statement that all visit
ing sportsmen will receive a welcome re
ception and enjoy a general good time. A
hr^t-class luncheon will be served at the
grounds during intermission.
The St. George's Club.
At a meeting of the St. George's Club
last Wednesday evening some additions
were made to the athletic committee,
which is now constituted as follows : A. h!
Rae Brown, t. S Kemp, A. Turn bull, A.'
G. Kent, J. Fleming Carroll. Joe Acton
and Edward C. Weatherly. The first big
tournament is scheduled for July 27, when
a programme will be presented that should
draw big crowds to the Pavilion. It is
also the intention of the committee to put
forth their best efforts to bring the Aus
tralian cricketers here in October, and
negotiations are now being conducted tn
that end.
Sacramento Sportlnar News.
SACRAMENTO, July 3.-One day's shooting
among the doves in this county has demon
strated to the sportsmen of this city that the
dove season has opened two week* too early
NEW TO-DAY.
•••••••••••••••••••••A
p erfect Gail Borden
infant Eagle Brand
I=oo4 . Condensed Milk
"Infant Health," is a little book of
great value that is sent Free on appli-
cation. *^
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
•a Hudson street. Hew York
lf^o*§ MANHOOD RESTORED^^r.
Bw<S=?feJiSr *-*J? »»ttIHIIUUU IILiJ S uHLU^ hl ?* reat Veget*bl«
Hlk^ \1 11* "**> 4 tloa 01 a j^ous French physician will Vn,!£ VIUUi2 * r>the P re «cr'l>-
■ XL* /^ I V> ■* \l ? OUBOr , diseases of the generative ormnJ ur « - of all ner>.
M \ IP§L \ dmL i nsomn^ Pa j n slntheßucW,Semina?|^. S if Uch^^ st Manhood^
■ before *,o^e R =Kft'S^r~KS
|U» a box, six for $5.00, by mafl. , Send for fbke circular and te«iino^L<? fec * a Permanent cur»
▲ddiM. DAVOr.JOEDIOI.NIS CO.. U7O Market .treet, Ban Francisco. CaL *or iV
-^ BOOKS'
and they have all asrreed to postpone their
pleasure for that period.
"Any one who snoots doves at the present
lime is in reality guilty of murder of the worst,
description," said John Fitzgerald, the crack
aJA,k .of the Spoonbill Gun Club, "and I aw.
one of them. I went out the other day and
bagged three dozen. I picked my birds by
killing the old ones and strong flyers of the
first brood. The last bird I shot whs very evi
dently hard hit, but did not fall. I watched it
and saw it light in a tree. I then went over
and found the bird stone dead, sitting on her
nest, ln which I found there were two little
- NEW TO-PAg. ;
bUfoRSWEANY
That this noted specialist stands pre-
eminently at the head of the medical pro-
fession is no longer a question of doubt.
That he has investigated further into the
mysteries of life and penetrated deeper
the secrets of disease, than his quite
worthy but less successful associates, : s
now acknowledged by all. Hia experi-
ence is lifelong, and his record right here
in San Francisco, at 737 Market street, 13
simply
A Series of Professional
Triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land to-day who are praising his
name, because he has made their lives
happy and . brought sunshine into their
homes. On Friday afternoons he treats
free of charge the poor who call at his
office. - The following are among the dis-
eases he cures:
IVTPRNtI ARCA\M All diseases of the
1.1 1 LItML UllllAilO. eye, ear, head, heart,
throat, lungs, liver, stomach ana bowels posi-
tively cured in tiie : shortest possible tune.
Special attention r; given to Rupture, Piles,
Blood and Skin Diseases and Female Com-
plaints.'- ... 1
VAl'Vfi IWF¥ ** yon Ire troubled with
IML lilt JILII. vital - losses. , : exhaus Ing
drains, pimples, bashfulness, aversion to soci-
] ety, Btupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-con nee, which de-
* prive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
! fit you for study, business or marriage — if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
JriIDDLE-AGBfl MD OLD 111, asS^S
of you troubled with weak, aching backs and -
kidneys; frequent, painful urination' and sedi- j
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs
of nervous debility and premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of trie
cause, which is the second stage of - seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success.
P|> 11' \TV diseases — Gleet. Inflammations,
Mill 11 L Discharges, Strictures, Weakness
of Organs, Hydrocele, Varicocele and kindred
iroub.es quickly cured without pain and deten-
tion from business.
11 1 11 By this means you can describe your
.I/illU. troubles to the doctor if living away
from the city and unable to come to bis office.
Treatment in this manner always satisfactory.
Write for Dr. Sweany's very valuable treatise,
"Guide to Health." A perusal of it might save
much mental and physical suffering and add
golden years to your life. Hours: 9to 12 a.m.
and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. - Sundays, 10 to 12
A. m. only. Address
F. L. SWEANY, H. P., 737 Market St.,
I.L. U ft tftll I , 111. U. , San Francisco, CaL
WERE
REDUCED IN PRICE
LONG AGO WHEN THE INDIANA
BICYCLE CO. (the largest factory on
earth) declared that they would produce
and guarantee a strictly high grade bicy-
cle for
$75 ssss?— SBs s»5?
That they have fully succeeded is demon-
strated by the fact that more Waverleys
have been built and sold, and won more
friends dnring the past two years than any
other high grade bicycle in the world.
The recent conduct of certain manufac-
turers and agents in connection with their
"clearing," "closing" and "at cost" sales,
is a positive admission that they have
either practiced extortion in the past or
are not giving value received in the pres-
ent.
We are now pioneers in offering the lib-
eral terms of
$5 Down and $2 per Week.
This offer demonstrates our own faith in
the Waverley. Can you afford to be with-
out one ?
ODIANA BICkTe COMPANY,
18 and 20 McAllister Street, 5. p.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Bicra«w¥oßDEi[
Expert Cycle Repairing
FOB THE TRADE A SPECIALTY.
YOSEMITE CYCLE WORKS,
I*2 Golden Gat» Aye., 8- T.
FI FTY-DOLLAR
iPs^| ELECTRIC BELTS
®Sf^^S»MP -F? R ■••5? s * 40 belts'
*£&*^&^WZT tor's?** 8 '!- and •*> »*>■•
r n^:3*S€3wsr l /*} s: als& soo«i bells for
V ssJKV^it^ f* L&test PWal ana all
S? OPIUM
_no romlt^g ; no cot tlvenqg^o hg^S!^ n T^lS^.'squabs, altogether too small to fly. That let 1
me out and I shall not go out again until I am
fully satisfied that the majority of the second
brood has had time to mature."
S Upson, Doc Duel, F. B. Adams and E. Nic
olous took a trip to the Consomnes this week
and bagged 175 birds in a day's shoot. J.
Hioters has CO dove* to his credit during one
day's outing; Helms 1 mid Mohr ft^ilin 115 to
their (runs, and Ed McKee made a run out into
the country on his bike the other evening and
got three dozen. Doc Terrell and Harry Fitz
simmons made a trip into El Dorado County
and found that the doves were full grown and
in good condition. They brought back 84
birds as the result of a day's shooting. Graham
Crocker and Lord all made a trip to Natoma
and returned with 170 doves.
Will Young and Montie Newbert have the
honor of leading the summer exodus to the
camping grounds of the Sierras, having left on
their bikes (or a three weeks' trip. The lads
will go to West Point and then pack into the
headwaters of the Mokelumne, camping at the
base of Mokelumne Peak, where it is claimed
there can be found the best hunting and fish
ing grounds of the mountains.
The Sutter Creek Gun Club will hold a live
bird and blue-rock shoot on the 12th day of
July. They have ordered 1000 live birds and
7000 blue rocks and expect to have a large at
tendance. Morrison and Eckhardt of the Pel
lican Club of this City will atteni.
Dr. Wood took a flying trip to the McCloud
River during the past week and bagged
twenty-five large trout in a few hours' fishing.
He states that he had to stop, as his creel was
so full that he Could not carry any more. He
also states that the fish are taking the fly well
and that large catches are being made. James
White captured, a seven-pound striped bass
while fishing in the river this week. The fish
was hooked with a common hook baited with
beet and White played and landed it with a
twelve-foot line on a bamboo pole. Striped
seem to bo quite plentiful in the river
and sloughs this season and it is thought that
they feed on the young of the carp, which
breed in the tules. ,
Intense interest is being displayed in the
outcome of the track relay race w'nich comes
off to-day between the Capital City and Ter
minal City clubs. It is believed that Sacra
mento will win out, &§ the boys are in good
condition and are riding well. Bob Smith will
lead off for the Capital Cities ana Young will
finish. All the club men are busy making
preparations for ■ to-day's parade and ex
pert to make their turnout a leading feature,
as they will introduce some novelties in wheel
decorations.
The tennis tournament at Lincoln on the
Fourih will be a crackajack affair, but no
Sacramento players will be in attendance.
Portland Sporting News.
PORTLAND, Or., July 3.-The first cricket
came of the season will take place on the
Fourth at Astoria between the M. A. A. C. and
Astoria eleven. A tournament has been ar
ranged for the Fourth, in which al.' the local
clubs will participate, and will be held under
the auspices of the Tvventy-second-street Lawn
Tennis Club at its courts. Bert Keirigan, the
Multonomah club's famous high-jumper, who
is expected to better Sweeuey's world record
of 6 feet 55 s g inches in the running high jump
some day, is lying seriously ill at his home.
He is threatened with appendicitis, which
:.ught forever handicap his jumpiug power.
About eighty-live wheelmen turned out to
:he Zigzag Cycle Club's century run to Salem.
Thirty wheelmen finished the 100-mile run.
The average time of the run was 10 hours and
11 minutes. Captain W. W. Kearns and Fred
K. McCnrver made the best time. George D
toilers and O. K. Hall socond-best time.
The ladies' individual championship bowl
ing tournament of the Oregon Road Club was
won by Mrs. Canning, who is now the holder
of the medal.
In the regatta races to-morrow (Saturday)
the rowing clubs will compete lor the Corbett
tup.
Fully 4000 wheelmen paraded the streets on
Thursday evening.
IN BROAD DAYLIGHT.
Four Thugs Capture a Saloon
and Beat the Bar
keeper.
Two of Them Caught While in thi
Act of Breaking Op.n the
Cash Register.
Fred f-mith, a bartender at 637 Clay
srreet, wai terribly beaten yesterday after
nuon by a crowd of thu^s, vrho entered the
place with the avowed intention of rob
bing it.
Among them were Thomas Scott and
Ihomas Carroll, who have been arrested
on a charge of robbery, and Charles Carey
nd Edward Himes, who are held on
simple charges of vagrancy, pending fur
ther investigation as to their connection
with the affair.
Smith was performing his duties as usual,
there being already a number of such
hard cases in the place as sometimes make
street, from Montgomery to Kearny,
impassible to timid people.
The men who are now in jail, says Smith,
)ick?d a quarrel with them, and in the
melee that followed bottles and beerglaßses
were broken, principally on Smith's dead.
While he lay on the floor back of the
bar. half unconscious from his injuries,
Scott and C*rroll took the cash register
and carried it to the rear room of the
saloon.
About ttat time W. P. Hermann, who is
supposed to be proprietor of the place,
happened in. He learned of what had
taken place and interfered with the two
robbers be found in the act of opening the
register. They ran away and Hermann
followed, reaching the California-street
station with his tale of woe.
Policemen Norman and Peters succeeded
in capturing a. couple of the men in the sa
ioon, another on the water front and the
fourth one begging on Market street.
The injured man was taken for repairs
to the Receiving Hospital.
CAMPAIGN DRILL CORPS.
Aa Knthuoiastic Meeting of the Lin
coln Republican Club of North
Beach.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of the
Lincoln Republican Club of Nortn Beach
was held at their clubrooms, corner of
Powell and Union streets, Friday evening,
July 3. Over 200 of the members were
present.e nt. President Henry S. Martin called
tne meeting to order, and in a stirring ad
dress adyi.«ed the members of the club to
urge their Republican friends of the Forty
fourth district to get registered as early as
possible.
John Gleason, chairman of the picnic
committee, reported that the picnic held
at Schuetzen Park Sunday, June 28, was a
success both socially and financially. The
Lincoln Club bat. 100 members for a drill
corps to participate in the campaign.
Speeches were then made by Alexander
Campbell Jr., Fred L. Jones, John Glea
son, Thomas Mullen and others. The fol
lowing resolution was then introduced by
E. Kendall and adopted by the club:
■\Yherejls. The administration of National af
fairs by the Democrat it party and the bills of
the Wilson-Gorman tariff (or revenue only plan
have resulted in the utter ruin and the de
moralization of the industries of America;
and whereas, the principle of protection to
American industries is now and has ever been
one of the base and fundamental principles of
the Republican party ; therefore, be it
Eesoived, That the Lincoln Republican Club
reallziug the fact that a return to prosperity
can only be secured by providing ways And
means for the employment of American labor,
hereby solicits and earnestly requests the
laboring clauses of the Forty-fourth Assembly
District of the City and County of Ban Fran.
i-JM-o to affiliate in a campaign which shall
have for its fundamental object the protection
of American labor.
The club then adjourned with cheers for
McKinley and protection.
END OF THE AUZESAIS CASE.
Arguments of the Attorneys to Be Sub
mitted on Briefs.
The suit of Mrs. Crittenden Thornton
against Mrs. Auzerais-Hoyt was about fin
ished yesterday. All the evidence in now
in and the attorneys have been given
twenty days in which to file their argu
ments in briefs. Judge Troutt will then
give his decision.
Oak acorns from Rondebosch, Cecil
Rhodes' park in South Africa, are adver
tised for sale in London at a shilling
apiece, or five for three shillings.
SCOTCHMEN WILL
GATHER TO-DAY.
All Ready for the Four
teenth Annual Games
at Shell Mound.
WILI BE SECOND TO NONE
Programme Has Been Arranged
With Special Care and 13
Most Interesting.
DELEGATIONS FROM ALL SIDES
Something About Those Who Will
Have Charge of the Festivities.
A Big Event.
The games committee of the San Fran
cisco Scottish Thistle Club having charge
of the various arrangements in connection,
with the fourteenth grand annual gather-
OFFICERS OF TUE SCOTTISH THISTLE CLUB.
ing and games of the club have about com
pleted their labors, which will be consum
mated to-da)'.
For the past two months they have la
bored incessantly, and they feel that they
have provided for the patrons of the club
a celebration that will be second to none
ever before attempted by any like organ
ization on the coast.
The programme of games is a most in
teresting one, special care having been
taken to avoid all likelihood ol dragging
or lack of interest. There will be present
at Shell Mound Park a large delegation
from Sacramento, Stockton md neighbor
ing towns and also from each and all of
the bay citieß. There will be present also
from the Portland, Los Angeles, San Ber
nardino, San Jose and Oakland Caledonian
clubs and St. Andrew's societies, as well
as the Order of Scottish Clans, representa
tive athletes who will contest in the vari
ous games.
Communications are constantly pouring
in to Recorder George W. Pater=on ac
knowledging receipt of invitations ex
tended and assuring the club that in
response thereto representatives will at
tend the gathering of the clans. A large
list of entries has already been received for
the mile bicycle and other races, vaulting,
etc., and a good, lively contest is promised
in each event.
The competition in the Irish and reel
dancing will be particularly interesting,
many of the crack dancers of the coast
having signified their intention of enter
ing. The following comprise the officers
and committees who will officiate at the
coming celebration:
Officers of tho club for 1896— Royal chief,
John D. Coulie; chieftain, William Dawson;
recorder, George W. Paten, jn; treasurer, John
Ross; financial secretary, James Gillies; ser
geant-at-arms, J. Irvine; property man, K.
Kirk wood. Trustees— James Lawrenoe, Rich
ard F. Wilson, David E. Anderson.
Games committee— J. D. Coulie (chairman),
George W. Paterson (recorder), John Ross,
James Gillies, P. A. F. Keith, Huprh Bteele,
William Dick, Alexander Bharp, Alexander
Young.
Past royal chiefs— Henry P. Christie, J. D.
Coulie, Dr. Dougald McMlllen, Andrew Fore
man. Hugh Fra«er, Donald G. C. McKay, James
R. Watson, George Miller, James Niven.
Reception coismlttee — William Dawson
(chairman), William Grant, John R. Ross, A.
Carlisle, Captain Weir, A. Cu-rrie, Jumes Niven,
P. Riddie, A. Woods, James Spiera, James R.
Watcon, Alexander Nicholson, J. H. Mclnnis,
A Campbell, H. Duncan, James Aiken, J. G.
Macdunald, Lavid Young, James Baxter, J.
Boyes, H. P. Christie, George Miller.
Finance committee— J. C. Macdonuld, D. Pol
lock, Alex Nicholson. _
Literary committee — George ' W. Paterson
(chairman) — George Bushby, James Gillies,
George Watson. Thomas Christie.
Official starter and referee— John Donaldson.
Finance committee on games— P. A. F. Keith,
Alex Young, Hugh Steele.
Floor committee (lower pavilion) — W uham
Grant (floor manager;— W. K. Birss, James Bax
ter, J. F. Macdonuid, George Bushby, George G.
Watson, J. Braid. Mound pavilion— F. Fitzger
ald (floor manager). D. Pollock, D. Brown, J.
La ing, J. Irvine.
I'ipers— l. S. R. Teveudale, Neil Lindsay, J.
E. Hill.
To get up an affair of such magnitude
entails no end of work and to bring it to a
successful issue requires a great deal of
enthusiasm, all of which has been dis
played by the members of the games com
mittee. They have sacrificed both time
and money to achieve the end they had
in view, viz., to make the fourteenth grand
annual gatheriiiK and games of the San
Francisco Scottish Thistle Club the great
est eveut of the season.
The WhUi Club Slander.
Jonathan Curtis of the San Francisco Whist
Club, the defendant in the alander suit wherein
H. P. Tyson ia plaintiff, bag engaged Relnstein
<fc Eisner as counoel. Yesterday in the Justices'
Court the deferw;aui'« attorneys tiled notice to
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
dismiss the case on the ground that the plain
tiff neglected to file the bond of $500 for costs
and attorneys' fees, as required by the statutes
in all slander cases.
MARTEN BACK IN JAIL.
Kearrestrd on tho .-aine Charge and
Can't Get Bail.
Dr. Arthur F. Marten, charged by Alma
Josslyn with threats to kill, is again in
the toils and is not likely to get out for
some time according to his own statement.
"You see," he stated last night, "its all
a put up job. When I was first arrested
my attorney, Mr. Gallagher, got me my
bail of |2000 for $10— all tne money I had.
Now that I'm arrested again be wants to
charge me $20 for $2000 bail. I've got no
money and I can't rind my friends, so I
must stay here in jail."
The doctor's case two days ago was dis
missed on a technicality and when be was
rearresied this afternoon he went before
Judge Campbell on a petition to have his
bail of $2000 reduced.
He at first claimed that Alrca Josslyn,
his ward, was also his wife, as he had lived
■with her for over two years and had in
troduced her scores of times as his wife.
In court yesterday be denied tnat she is
his wife.
UPBRAID THE POLICE.
Labor Alliance Denounce) Interference
With Socialist Speaker*.
The Central Trade and Labor Alliance
met lapt night at 102 O'Farrell street, Vice-
President J. H. Jorgensen of tiie Amalga
mated Woodworkers in the chair. A full
attendance of delegates was present from
the various unions.
The Alliance proceeded to a discussion
of the alleged interference with th 6 open
air meetings of the socialists and the ar
rest of one of the speakers while expound
ing his views npon the economic and kin
dred labor questions. The delegates pres-
ent expressed themselves quite forcibly in
condemning the interference of the po'ice
as an outrage, and all were agreed that <he
arrest and interference were of vital im
portance to tbe interests of organized as
well as the mass of unorganized labor.
The following resolution, dealing with the
question, was submitted and unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, There has been an attempt at in
terrupting an orderly public meeting called
for the discussion of economic and Kindred
grievances of the working people under the
auspices of the Socialist Labor party; and,
whereas, the socialists contribute a very im
portant part of their entire leisure time to ob
tain for the worker tbe full reward for his
labor.
Resolved, That we condemn the action of the
police as an unjust and unlawful interference
with the constitutional rights of all citizens—
the right of free speech— and assert our tirm
determination to uphold and support the So
cialist Labor party in its laudable and praise
worthy efforts to maintain this, the greatest
prerogative of a free people.
The alliance decided to engage larger
headquarters for its meetings, and it was
j decided to move its offices and headquar
j ters to the Turk-street Temple, where the
j next meeting will be held on Friday even
ing, July 10.
FIRE ON O'FARRELL ST.
The Damage to Four Buildings Is
~ About 92500—
Fires.
The incendiary 3d of July firecracker
and the 3d of July small boy had their
fun with the Fire Department before their
cousin crackers of this the glorious
Fourth.
The double alarm from box 42, at Geary
and Mason streets, about 10:15 last night,
was for a tire at 217 O'Farrcll street and in
the rear on Carlos place. All were old
frame buildings close to a tali lodging
house on one side, and at first the fire had
a threatening look.
No. 217 O'Farrell street was an unoccu
pied two-story frame dwelling. It was
gutted. The damage is about $1500, and
nobody could be found in the neighbor
hood who knew the name of the owner.
' No. 3 Carlos place was an. old two-story
frame building occupied by Japanese. It
is a wreck. The Japanese got out most of
their effects. On the corner of Carlos
place and O'F.irrell street is a Chinese
laundry. The only damage here was a bad
fright for the Chinamen. These two
buildings .belong to the owner of 217.
Loss about $600.
No. 5 Carlos place is owned by Mrs.
I Nelle," formerly Mrs. Nellie Back. It was
occupied by Sylvester Sullivan. It was
\ burned a little in the rear and the damage
•by fire and water is about $300. A small
shanty was also destroyed.
The" building at 215 O'Farrell street is
owned by Mrs. Proff, who occupies It as a
lodging-house in the two upper stories.
The damage to the building and contents
by tire and water is about $200. A restau
rant on ■ tne street - floor, kept by Bello &
Origlia, was damaged about $50 by water.
The total loss will not exceed $2500. The
cause of the tire is ascribed to firecrackers.
Fire broke . out . from some : unknown
cause *in a three-story . frame ' dwelling,
957J^ Folsom street, occupied by C. Gold
enstein as a dwelling, at 10:30 o'clock last
evening. Chemical Engine Company 6
was notified and extinguished the blaze.
The damage amounted to about $150.
. ♦ *
A letter from Zola was found among the
papers of the late Cardinal Galimberti, in
which , the author of "Lourdes" asks for
an interview with the Pope on the ground
that he is a Catholic of considerable zeal.
He explains that he wrote "Lourdes" with
the object of serving the church, r • . .
RACQUET AND NET
AT SAN RAFAEL
Tennis Players Battling for
the Coast Cham
pionship.
SOME CLOSE CONTESTS.
Two New Players Put Up Hard
Games Against Vet
erans.
EXCITING FINALS EXPECTED.
Driscoll, Hardy and the Two Whit
neys to Struggle for the
Trophy.
The ninth annual lawn tennis tourna
ment for the championship of the Pacific
States is on at San Rafael. The prelimi
nary contests were played yesterday after
noon at the Hotel Rafael courts, the scene
of all championship tournaments since
the organization of the Pacific States Lawn
Tennis Association in 1890.
There was not the concourse of fashion
and tennis enthusiasm present yesterday
which is attendant upon the deciding
games. That will come to-day when the
spectators' area will be crowded with
ardent admirers of the game, and perhaps
more ardent admirers of the players.
Hotel Rafael is already well filled with
parties who have made tbe tournament an
excuse for spending tbe Fourth at San
Rafael, and the management is making
arrangements for an immense crowd to
day.
The first pair of contestants drawn yes
terday was Walter Magee and George Mc-
Chesney. The latter, however, was defeated.
The next draw was George Whitney and
Paul Selby. This was conceded by the
knowing ones to be a gift for Whitney.
They, however, had reckoned without
their Selby, for that young man, although
comparatively new at the game, put up a
rattling contest against the veteran, and
though Whitney won by a score of 6—4,6 — 4,
6—l,6 — 1, he had no opportunities to nap.
The lots were unkind to Mr. Eckart.
He was elected to go up against T. A.
Driscoll, one-time-champion of the coast.
Driscoll bad no difficulty in defeating
Eckart, score 6—3, 6—2.
J. O. Tobin defaulted to Mr. Thatcher
and H. Parker defaulted to A. E. Kaeser.
R. N. Whitney defeated Stone by a score
of 6—l. 6—4. Joseph 8. Tobin defaulted to
Sam Hardy and Dr. George Roth^anger
failed to enter the court against H. Weihe.
The winners of tbe first two prelimin
fr-ies, Magee and George Whitney, were
then pitted against each other. Whitney,
who appeared to be ia fine fettle, started
in at a killing pace and soon had a good
lead on his opponent. Magee, however,
f
FROM
Btockto
ton \v 11
Warehoui
Stockton
lv ou s.
Hues.
■
H II
[LW St ifihi i Nevada Dock, Port! I Oakland Wharf,
Im within Costa, Crockett, i ' OaKland (Market
rul iin, Benlcia and South street), San Fran-
P «-l?.« Vallejo (via Mar- Cisco <vla Martinez
1 ' -°' s tinez ooly). I only).
TO
■ g*. o c? » Co
"I? • • I •28 I is -
8 " 2. " E
3
o
I.avhrop .... '.....
Mo-rano
Ktpori ,
vallila.
Modesto
Ceres
Car; Switch
Keyes •'
Turlock
Delhi.
Livingston »
Arena •
.A water.
ISuiiuch Switch .'..'.:.:...'.:....
Aslibv
Merced
Linear J •
Athlone !
Minium •
McNear*s Spur.
Calif
Berenda. .....;.
Charleston...... : .."..V...
Walilmil
Holden • •
Peters ••
Farmlng-iOU '••••'•
Trigo •
«"om*.'ti • •
Clyde
Burnett
uakdale.
dJir.liH ••
Wntt'ifonl
Hick 111:1 11
MoDtpeller ".
Ky.r
Arundel
Amsterdam ••••! •••• —
60
75
90
105 '
110
125
i:«
135
140
155
165
165
170
170
170
170
180
185
190
190
m'"
90*"
115 ""
115
***"i 25""
'"iso""
iss**"
9*6'"
""i : i6"
I
'."'".:.'.'.'.
110
1--5
140
165
180
175
185
185
190
205
•215
•215
31
220
220
230
235
240
'240
•255
265
110
110
' 110
110
110
IK
140
140
145
160
160
100
175
190
205
215
2:0
II
""iio"'
'"-'lip'"
.....„„..
'"in"
""iii"'
'"'•iio'"
'""&&'"
""l40 "
1 111-11 1 1 111 I
""iio"
160
175
190
■205
210
2-25
'235
'235
240
•255
2H3
265
270
•270
2 0
•270
•281)
2H5
29)
•290
305
315
160
160
160
160
160
175
190
190
195
210
•2.0
210
225
•240
255
•265
270
'"ied '"
"isid"
""iaH*"
... _...
""•i'so"
""'2Bs***
60
60
60
60
HO
75
90
90
95
110
110
110
125
140
155
165
170
i
........:..
••••"-••
'""i'aio*"
'"'226 "
• •
• -
1
gathered himself together and started to ]
regain lost ground. He was playing a j
remarkably line game and had succeeded j
in bringing the score to live all, or tie,
when some trivial accident caused him to
stop for a moment. The interruption
proved fatal. His stroke seemed to have
lost its effectiveness and Whitney won the
bout. Bcore, 6—3. 7—5.
Driscoll and Thatcher were next up.
Driscoll when in form is one of the tor
notch men of the coast. In 1893 he held
the coast championship and in tourna
ments since he has made the champions
play tennis very industriously. At pres
ent" he is not at his best. He lias recently
returned from college and the examina
tions attendant upon the class of the term
have given him little opportunity for
practice. Thatcher put up a good game,
but Driscoll's skill and experience were
too much for him and he succumbed by a
score of 6—2, 6—2.
Kaiser and K. W. Whitney had an in
teresting contest. The match was scarcely
equal, yet it was nearer so than the spec
tators bad anticipated. Kaeser's game
was much stronger than had been ex
pected, but he was beaten, 6—l, 6—2.
Sam Hardy, one of the best-Known
players on the coast, and W. Weihe of the
California Club, a new man in the tourna
ment, were the last pair on the programme.
Weihe sliou'rt. nccordme to precedent,
have been ne;v us and rattled in this his
first game fu; vie championship, but Weihe
snubbed pr- cede tit atrociously in this re
gard. He played all the tennis he knew
how. and though he suffered defeat he
was the recipient of much congratulation.
The score was 6—2,6 — 2, 6—2.6 — 2.
This morning George Wftitney and
Driscoll and R. N. Whitney and Sam
Hardy will play and the two winners
will play in the final in the after
noon. Sumner Hardy, the coast cham
pion, is at present in Alaska, and as he
will not be on hand to defend the cham
pionship the winner of this afternoon's
contest becomes the champion for the en
suing year.
From yesterday's play it is prophesied
that the Whitney brothers will be called
upon to play tne finals against each other
for the championship.
CAPTAIN JAMES MORAN.
The Police Commissioners Appoint the
Successor of the Late Prop
erty Clerk Cullen.
The vacancy in the department made by
the deatli of Property Clerk Cullen was
filled last evening at the regular meeting
of the Boaid of Police Commissioners,
Sergeant James Moran being promoted to
the clerkship and the title of captain.
Corporal John Green was promoted to
sergeant and Patrolman Henry Sills pro
moted to corporal.
Officer W. H. Jennings was fined ?50 for
being off his beat.
The charge of unofficerlike conduct
against Officers Robert Lean and Patrick
Walsh was dismissed in the case of the
former and the latter was fined $100.
THEY GET NO PURSE.
For Foul Fighting the New Occidental
Club Will Only I'ay Smith and
Gallagher's Expense*.
The board of directors of the New Occi
dental Club met last night to consider the
question of allowing Smith and Gal
lagher, the contestants of Thursday
night's fight at the Pavilion, the purse
for which they fought.
After a short consultation it was unani
mously decided that the only sura allowed
them would be the amount of their ex
penses. The reasons given for this de
cision were that the lighters had violated
their articles of agreement by fouling each
other from the start, and by failing to
give a satisfactory exhibition to the au
dience, while the referea nimself had re
versed his own decision in writing and
declared the bout no contest.
The directors would seem to be sup
ported in this course by the whole sport
ing fraternity, man y of whom openly de
clare that neither Smith nor Gallagher
should be given a cent.
"If we had decided that the men were
entitled to a purse," said Mitchell, "it
would give a black eye to the goddess of
athletics in this City and would have
drawn down severe censure upon the club-
Others would be encouraced to use foul
tactics in the ring, and the organization
would acquire a bad reputation."
CHANGES IN GRAM RATES
They Have Eeen Advanced From
Recent Reductions in the
San Joaquin.
The Southern Pacific Found That It
Was Not Charging All the
Traffic Would Bear.
What are alleged to be clerical errors in
the reduced grain tariff issued by the
Southern Pacific Company last Saturday
has induced that company to put out a re
vised tariff.
Shippers claim that this revision is not
due to errors on the part of clerks, but to
an error of judgment on the part of the
trallic manager as to what the traffic will
bear.
In the revised schedule not only hive
the recently reduced rates been advanced
from a number of points, but reduced
rates are now quoted from thirty-nine
points, as against the nineteen points that
i were originally considered in the field of
' competition entered by the valley road.
In the table that follows are given the
j latest rates ana the figures showing tbe
changes made in the schedule of a week
ago. The rate is given In cents per ton of
2000 pounds in carloads of cot less than
2-1,000 pounds:
These rates are immediately operative.
A peculiar phase of this latest action of
the Southern Pacific Company is the right
it arrogates to itself of violating the plain
reading of the constitution of the State,
which says:
And whenever a railroad corporation shall,
for the purpose of competing with any other
common currier, lower its rates for transporta
tion of passengers or freight from one point to
another, such reduced rates shall not be «gain
raised or increased from such standard with
out the consent of the governmental author
ity in which shall be vested the power to regu
late fares and freights.
It is surmised from this that the com
pany has not only determined to ignore the
existence of the Railroad Commission, but
to defy the power of the State to control it
in any way or by any method.
UNWELCOME CALLERS.
They Used a Lead Pipe and a Knife on
an Old Defenseless French
man.
W. Harris and C. Edwards, arrested
early yesterday morning on charges of
disturbing the peace, were booked again
last nig'.t on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon.
The two prisoners are accused of having
called on an old Frenchman at his home,
1300 Stockton street, at 5 o'clock in the
morning, and when he opened his door to
their appeal for admission they struck him
with a lead pipe and essayed to cut him
with a knife. The man's screams, however,
frightened his assailants, who ran away,
onTy to be arre3ted later by Policemen P.
A. Peshon and J. Duane.
Robbery, if not murder, is believed to be
the incentive to the crime.
A Grateful Dog.
One who recently paid a visit to Guy's
Hospital tells that when in the colonnade
ot the institution, and about to leave, he
became the object of demonstrative atten
tion on the part of a small dog, Prince by
name, as he afterward ascertained. It
seems teat last winter Prince sustained a
fracture of a hind leg. and, entirely on his
own initiative, dragged himself into the
hospital precincts and applied for surgical
relief. It was granted ungrudgingly ; the
leg was put in plaster and the dog was
given nursing ana aliment suitable to bis
kind. In the fullness of time he was made
a whole, if slightly tame, dog, and it was
intimated to him that be might return to
NEW TO-DAY.
DO YO IT^VV ANT
MANHOOD?
Every man who has any pride /*""*%
in his make-up knows how v.
precious to his life's happiness, /I? _pa.': - X^>s.x
how necessary to his self- ''"• '-J^T*\Y
respect, is the feeling of strong, —; i ■— ~^l- '*"* ;7 p/J
vigorous manhood. No man \'N 'Jr/£K
enjoys life who has always * /! Jf- — 3^^\A
hanging over him the dread of Jj^-*^. p^/
Nervous Debility, There is that 7\v^y
deep-rooted disgust with him- f'S^§''\%K
self, the fear that his friends iM^^
will discover his condition. It V f\^^^'*4
robs life of all that is enjoyable IA) t&a\ x X
— all that maKes life happy \\\ v^\ \\
peace of mind ; jovial, sociable J) '' 1 Js ; j%
disposition; the confidence in . \j^L -^'^^r-'^-L.^
self. It takes from him the
bright side of life— that healthy """^
vital force in him which pictures all things as beautiful. It is
gone, and he sees everything black, gloomy, miserable.
The wish to be strong, to feel one's self the equal of all men
in all that makes man perfect, ,is at some time strong in th©
heart of every man.
MAN! ARE YOU WEAK?
Are you not as vigorous in your nerve and vital forces as you
should be ? Do you find your manly strength giving way too
early? Have you strong muscular power and weak vital powers?
Do you notice that your capacity for business, study or pleasure
is waning? All these are signs of the loss of vital nerve
foree — Electricity — from your body. Replace it and be a man.
Get back Nature's vitality which you have wasted by indiscre-
tions or excesses.
This is the age of progress. A means has been found forth©
restoration of manly vigor. It is
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT!
Never failing in its invigorating powers it has made thousands of
vigorous men out of as many weak, despondent creatures. It
will cure you if you are weak. "Three Classes of Men" is a very
valuable treatise^on the restoration of manhood. If you are weak
get it at once. It is free on application, and will point out a
course by which you can become a healthy and happy man.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt has a regulator, and the electric
power can be turned on mild or strong at will. No other belt
made has it.
Act to-day. In a matter of this kind — a matter which con-
cerns the happiness not only of yourself, but of your family and
friends, of your future generations— you should not delay.
s^aarx3i3CT eijEcthic go.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO,
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday*, 10 to 1.
OFPIOBS AT
I.OS ANGELES, CAI« I . - PORTLAND, 08.
104 South Broadway. | ' 355 Washington slre«t>
OPEN JULY 4th FROM 8 TO 11 A.M.
his former occupation and his friends (if
any). He refused to do either, and en
rolled himself as one of the innumerable
army of grateful Guy's patients, electing
to remain on the premises and give con
stant exhibitions of his veneration for all
who come and go about the place of his
healing. In this intention he insisted so
amiably that he carried his point, and is
now regarded as an established feature of
the institution. — Westminster Gazette.
PRESS OENSORSHIP.
One Journal in Raasia That Is Espe
cially Favored.
There is only one exception, one news
paper in St. Petersburg, which has the
privilege of free speech and is permitted
to criticize the Government with a free
dom that is almost inconceivable, when
one considers the severity of the treatment
to which other less favored journals are
subjected. The journal in question ia the
Grajdanin, or Citizen, and the immunity
which it enjoys may be attributed
to the fact that its editor and pro
prietor, Prince Metcherski, the Mus
covite counterpart of the English
Henry Labonshere, is the younger brother
of that lovely Princess Metcherski to
whom the late .Emperor Alexander 111
was affianced before he was compelled by
his father, much against his will and
solely on dynastic grounds, to marry the
betrothed of his dead brother, the
Princess Dagmar of Denmark. Alexander
111, although he subsequently became
much devoted to his charming Czarina,
never altogether forgot his first love, who
had been forced by Alexander II to wed
Paul Demidoff during the absence of her
imperial lover in the Caucasus.
Throughout his life he manifested an
affection that can only be. described as
paternal for her two children, and invari
ably permitted her brother to have free
rein, the Prince being probably the only
man in the whole of the great Russian
i empire to eujoy that privilege. As the
STEW TO-DAT.
FMBAm-rWDERMADE
iv/i mr — — — — -n p
A !■■■ nM fly kx?2T-- .':JBB Ami""ML r amm
i '~B6j| trtglvii W i^
niniiißirß HHi|i£giiiisMj BtLfc— 3ik 3 B \m/\ *Krri r^^V
FIFTY YEARS THE STANDARD.
GrEO. A. FISHER, 109 CaU St.. &. & : ;v ,
Prince is likewise a great friend df young
Emperor Nicholas, who much admires his
brilliancy, it is unlikely that tbe im
munity untiJ now accorded to him will be
in any way curtailed aurine the present
reign.
Foreign newspapers that enter Russia
are invariably subjected to examination
by the postal authorities before being de
livered to the person to whom they are ad
dressed, and if the censor finds anything
therein that is objectionable either to tbe
imperial family or to the Government he
passes a roller of printer's ink over the
portion of the paper to which exception is
taken, the journal frequently at the end of
the process presenting an aspect similar
to that of a chessboard. Sometimes the
pos'al authorities take the trouble to send
a paper thus treated on to its destination,
bnt in the majority of cases it is merely
pitched aside and is never heard of again.
It is the same in Ruumania, a country
from which almost every -New York news
paper wa3 rigorously barred at the time of
the Helen Vacaresco scandal, in conse
quence of unfavorable comments upon
the conduct of Crown Prince Ferdinand
and of Queen Carmen Sylva in tbe affair.
In a number of instances the Govern
ment, in addition to barring out the ob
jectionable foreign newspaper, likewise
denies it the privilege of maintaining a
correspondent within its dominions, the
most notable instance that occurs at tne
present moment being that of the London
Telegraph, which is forbidden to hare any
correspondent in Russia, the letters which
it receives from that country being sent at
the peril of the writer, who incurs the
danger not alone of expulsion, but of im
prisonment, and if he happens to be a
Muscovite, of deportation to Siberia. —
New York Tribune.
The express trains between London and
Edinburgh travel on an average about 43
miles an hour including stoppages, or 51
miles an hour without including stoppages;
to attain this rate a spesd of 60 miles an
hour, or 70 where the road is favorable, ia
adopted midway between the stations.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MJIMAKT OF THK MARKETS.
Seventeen Failures last week.
Silver lower. 1
Australian Coal very scarce. j
Wheat still dull.
New Barley sold at 70c.
.New Bye, 62% c
O;its steady. Corn dull.
Hay uu changed.
Beans neglected.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Bnt;er, Cheese and Eggs weak.
Tomatoes lower again.
Turkey.* higher.
Ducks and young Poultry weak.
reaches and Figs lower. Apricots still higher.
Berries In heavy stock.
Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Watermelons received from Arizona.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 17
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 12
lor the previous week and 17 for the corresponding
• eecoi IS9E. The lailuresare divided among the
trades as follows: 1 fruits. 3 ho els, 1 tinware, 1
uniKS, 2 liquors. 1 not on*. 1 hair-diessin^, 1 horse
ti. tiler. 1 shoemaker. 1 lumber. 1 marble and ma i
l U. 2 savings banks, 1 general store.
PUBLIC MONEY IN SAN FRANCISCO.
C. P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer United States at
San Francisco, reports cash on hand June 30,
1896, as follows:
United States notes 1,013,955 00
Treasury note* 1890 6RS,*95Cr>
National Bank notes 120.590 00
Gold certificates 6u,29U 00
Silver certificates 2,016,15'J 00
Gold coin 13,072,32600
Standard silver dollars. 26.344,247 00
Subsidiary silver coin 382,488 60
Minorcoin 6.171 35
Total 942,605,112 95
Shipments of silver coin from the same office In
the month of June, 1896, were as follows: Stan
dard silver dollars, $125,500; subsidiary silver,
£89,750; total, *216,370..
Kxpianatfon.
Tb* arrow files with th» wind. The top flgurM
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
lays; those underneath it. If any, the amount of i
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huiidredtbs, j
coring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid I
Uses, connfct points of equal air pressure; Ist* j
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The j
word "hlsrh" means hieh barometric pressure and
la usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, end Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on me Washington
coast. Whfn the pressure is high in the interiol
•no low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along th» coast, rain is probable;
but when the "l<.w" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in .lie vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure railing to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result
W AIHEK HURKAU REPORT.
United Status i' • 1-A tTMENT of Agricct/-
Tlß'-. WEATHKK HIRKAf, BAH FbANCHSCO, July
it, 1806, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast :
The following maximum temperatures are re
]>or.ed from stations In California to-day:
Eureka 64. Red Bluff 104, san Francisco 67,
Fresno ;06. Luis Oblspo 78, Los Angeles 80,
San Diego 68, Yiiinu 100.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 52, moan 60.
The pressure has risen slightly during the past
twenty-four hours along the coast of California
and has fallen slightly inland. An area of high
pressure prevails over the upper Missouri valley.
The temperature has remained stationary over
« alifornia and Southern Oregon, but has risen de
cidediy in Nevada, l/tah, Idaho and Washington.
In ttiese States the temperature is from 3 to 18
degrees above the normal. Maximum tempera
tures of 100 degrees or over are reported from a
□amber of stations in the interior.
The weather has been very warm also in East
ern Oregon and Washington. A temperature of
102 degrees is reported from Walla W.vla.
Conditions are favorable for generally fair and
warm weather inland on the Fourth of July, with
light fog on the coast.
Forecast made a-. San Francisco for thirty hours
ending mi.lnlght. July 4. 1896:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; continued
warm weather inland: foggy in the morning along
thecoiit; northerly winds inland: westerly winds
on the coast.
•Southern California— Fair Saturday with fog on
1 In- coast; continued warm weather inland; light
wea :iy vriuds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
Utah — Fair Saturday; continued warm weather.
Arizona — Fair Saturday; continued warm
weather.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
probably light fog in th • mornin?-. fresh westerly
winds increasing in the afternoon.
AI.KX\NI>KK G. JICADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MAKKET3.
Financial.
NFW YORK. N. V.. July 3.— The trading at
the New York Stock Exchange to-day was of a
half-holiday character, the - total ' sales footing up
only 1^7,000 shares. The market was irregular
throughout, and at the end a comparison showed
that the leading issues los". Vif^Vz per cent. Th*?
opening was irregular, and a rather unte.tled feel
ine prevailed, bui later when it became known
thai no gold had been engaged tor shipment to
morrow the market strengthened. Early In the
wi-ek the street was Hooded with rumors of the
probable exportation of two to four million* of the
metal, and sales lor the short account tollowed.
As thero were no engagements for Europe to-day
this early sellers endeavored .to get back their
sucks, and prices moved up Vi@3 per cent In con
sequence. sugar, Western Union and the Stand
ard railway Issues showed the greatest recupera
tive power. London purchased about 5000 shares
of*<t. Paul and other issues listed abroad, but the
operations for foreign account bad less influence
t nan of late. "In the last hour Sugar, which 11 ad
advanced to 110, suddenly fell to 108*4. and this
unsettled the whole list, which closed barely s»ea<lv
in rope. '. '■',";•"> ~r.
Bonds were dull and firm. The sales footed ud
$160,000. Hocking Valley coubol fives rose 1 to
86: Kansas and Texas fours 1% to 83; Dnlutn
and Iron Range fives 2% to 102 i/ 2 ; St. Paul and
Chicago and Missouri River fives 2 to 108 and
Texas Pacific firsts % to Ml. '
In Government bonds 93000 coupon fours of
19:25 bold at 116%. ■ .
Fruit and Produce.
RAISINS— London layers, $1; three-crowu, 5®
6%c.
PEACHES-Peeled. » to, 12@13c: do nnpeelea.
7(3 Be.
APRICOT!-— S%«9c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 6c.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged. ; -
WOOL— Firm, unchanged. .
• CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, iti., July X— Today's half session
of the wheat market was a mere matter of form In
so far as trading was concerned, very few orders
buimr receiv.-d, with a general Indifferent disposi
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wnttLoCK & co.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main' 1954
' • )-■'' branoii OVFICE i >. :.> r ■
VIZ Market St., Palace Hotel, i Tel. Mala 5828
r_ J. S. PUKIJY. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
. taUons - '• Be * e « ! «»ce Ist National Bank, S. F. -
CHICAGO. faiVATifi Wlttii' X_W VO RK,
-1 lion shown. A number of operators were absent,
and more were planning their departure at the
conclusion 01 the pretense of a session. Higher
Liverpool ccbles and some crop-damage reports
from the Northwest combined to Impart a tone of
firmness at the start, but when these Influences
bad spent themselves prices sagged. Receipts in
me Northwest were heavy at 641 cars against 416
last 1-riday and 187 a year ago. Chicago received
41 cars and Inspected out 7950 bushels. Closing
continental cables wore unchanged to higher.
Kxport clearances were fair at 209.982 bushels.
September wheat opened from 57c to .'i6 i *4c. de
clined to 66c, closing at 56% c, y»®%c under yes
terday. Estimated receipts for Monday, 130 cars.
L O it N— Displayed masterly inactivity. similar
conditions to those existing in wheat prevailed,
Ihe approaching recess detracting from the in
cilnatlou to trade. The tone of the market was
governed and regulated by wheat. Receipts were
large at 652 cars, and 251.701 bushels were with
drawn from store. Liverpool cables were quiet
and unchanged. Export clearances were light at
-0,332 bushels. September corn opened at 275% c,
sold at 2?34c declined to and closed at 27i B e,
V @lc under yesterday. Estimated receipts lor
Monday 740 cars.
OATS — Wore neglected and deserted. Like in
the other grain markets, the trading was confined
to a' few orders, principally for local account. The
sentiment was in sympathy with that in wheat
and corn. Urcelpts were 291 cars, anil 119,471
bushels w<-re wl lidrawti from store, >eptembi.-r
oats closed Vi @ a /a under yesterday. Ksttmated
receipts lor outlay , 350 cars.
FLAX— Whs steady.. Cash, 76% c; July, 76% c:
September, 75*4 c: December, 7734 c Receipts 19
cars.
PROVISIONS— There was quite a good business
transacted in product, which was surprising in
view of the dullness prevailing In other parts of
the floor. A higher hog market imbued shorts
with a covering desire, and to that demand values
were Indebted for the improvements which look
place early. In the last hour offerings became
heavy ana the demand was contracted. Every
thing declined on the selling pressure, .-eptember
pork closed 27% c lower, September lard and ribs
each 10c.
■ BUTTER— The butter market was quiet and
featureless to-day. .Stocks were neavy and the de
mand light.
Creameries— Extras, 14% c; firsts, 13@14c:
seconds, 10®12c; Imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, l(l@10%c; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
►c; roll, 6<&7c.
EGGS— Were in better demand and slightly
firmer. Offerings were free. Fresh stock, 9%@.
lly 2 c 9 dozen.
MONEY — Was 5@6% on call and 0% on time
loans. Mew York exchange was quoted at par.
in-. in Price*.
whkat— July] 54 % c; Sentember. Sin/sc: De
cember, 68Vgc.
toKN — Juiy. 261/4.C: September. 27% c: May,
29 %c
oats— July. 15y 8 c; September. 16i 4 c; May,
18c.
PORK— *6 65;. September. 96 82%.
LARD— JuIy, S3 80;' September, *3 80.
U1.86— July. »3 60: Septemoer, 93 70.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. ill., July 3.— The
demand for cattle to-day was light. The supply
was 'fair and the feeling weak without essential
change in values. Receipts of hogs were light and
the demand good. Most of the offerings were dis
posed of at strong prices. Sheep and lambs were
dull and weak.
CATTLE — Recruits. 4000. Fancy beeves.
14 55@4 65: cnoice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. $4 30@)l50-. good to choice steers. 1200
to 1700 pounds. $4 15664 25; medium steers. 1000
to 135U pounds, 93 85®4 10: common to fair steers.
960 10 1200 pounds. $3 -10 to 3 80: leeders,
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 60@3 85 : common 10 choice
stockers. (2 6o®iS 50; Dulls, cnoice 10 extra. $2 80
@3 25: bu Is. poor to choice. $1 75® 2 75;
cows and heifers, extra, $3 75@4 10; cows,
fair to choice. 92 M)i<S < 50: cows, common 10 fair
canners*. • *1 25'a>2 "25: calves, good to choice.
94 60.45 10: ca ves, common to good, 93@4 50;
T»xas fed steers, 93 20® 4 10: Texas cows, bulls and
oxen. 91 75®310; milkers ana springers, pel head,
*20<ai40; Texas grass steers, 92 SOC*3 15.
Hut.*— Keceiptn. 16,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, 9H(OS 35: common to choice
mixed. 13 10Ca.3 50: choice assorted. *3 45(&3 55;
light, 93 30<$3 55; pigs. *2 75&3 50.
hlitLl-- Receipts. 10.0UU. interior u> caoloe,
f!2fc4; j lanit)*, *3&6 26.
~ CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 3. — The Earl
Fruit Company sold California fruit in the Neu
tral auction-rooms to-day as follows: Prunes—
Trngedy, 91 90@2 70 ft half c-ate: Simonl, 91 55
@2 35. Plums— Peach. 91 7;"@1 90 $* half crate:
Clyman, 91 -6(cLl 45. Pears— Souvenir de Con
gress, 92@2 10 fl box; Burnetts, $2 45. Peaches-
Alexander, 91 45@2 Js' ■$ box. Apricots— Peach,
; 9()@isc 3 half crate; French, 95c; Royal. 30®
j 6dc.
CHICAGO, ii, 1,. July 3— Porter Bros. Com
i pany sold to-day California fruit in open auction
!as follows: Pears— Bartletts (small and gr en),
91 60@2 * box. Ajiricois— Royal— 9oc * half
crate.
NEW- "KOltK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*. ■':*..<„.
Money on cal easier at 1%@2%X; last loan at
2%; closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile
paper. 5@5%%. Bar silver, 68V2C. Mexican dol
lars, 535/g@s4ty 8 c Sterling Exchange is steady,
with actual business in bankers' bills at $4 ri"Vi
for sixty days and 94 88 for demand. Posted
rates, $4 B»C<z,4 89. Commercial bills, 94 86@
4 86%. Government bonds firm: State bonds dull;
railroad bonds higher. Stiver at the board was
s'.eady.
CLOSINS fiTOTlfq.
Am Tel A Cable.... 91 Norfolk & Westrn. 3
Atchlson 131,-i Preferred. 98/»
Preferred J 9 V* Northern Pacific. BVi
Adams Express... .l4s -Preferred. 16V*
Alton. Terra Haute 58 Northwestern. 9MVj
American ExpressllO I Preferred 14S
American Tobacco. 60% N. Y. Central 95V4
Preferred 95 N.Y.,ChlcaKO&s.L. 12
Bay State Gas.. 19Vi| Ist preferred " 68
Baltimore <& Ohio.. 17Va Yd preferred 27
Brunswick Lands.. N. V. A N. H 170
buffalo, Roch &P. 181/* V V A New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific 606, N. V.. Susq <t W... 8
Canada Southern.. 4b | Preferred 21%
Canton Land 60% Ontario 11%
Central Pacific 15 Ontario & Western 13%
Ches. & Ohio **% Oregon Improvmnt i/a
Chicago Alton. 164 Preferred —
Preferred }70 Oregon Navigation 18
Chicago, B. * a... 71% Orezon Short Line. IVs
ChicanoA E. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 21
Preferred 99 Peoria, D. & Evans l 1
ChlcagoGas 57% Pittsburg & W. pfd 15
CleveA Piltsbnrg..lti4 Pullman Palace.. ..150
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated .104% Preferred.. 13
C. C. C. A St. Louis 28%' Reading 13%
Preferred 70 (RioGrandeAWestn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 22 V* 1 Preferred......... 40%
Preferred ....100 I Rock Island 63%
Cotton OH Cert .... 10% RomeWat<£Ogden.Us
Commercial Cable. I*o Ist. L. & & W 8%
Del. Hudson 124 I Preferred ..... 9
Del. Lack A Westrn. 159 St. Pau1....... .74*4
Denver* R. 13 Preferred. 127V4
Preferred....:.... 47 St. Paul & Dnlnth. 18
Distillers 13% Preferred 80*4
General Electric... 26 - St. Paul <& Omaha. 39 V*
Erie 14% Preferred. 124%
Preferred 36 |SL P. M. A M 109
Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certificates. 6*%
Great Northern pfd 110 - Southern Pacific. . . 18%
Green Bay %!soutnern R. R 8%
Harlem. 294 j Preferred. 25%
Hocking Coal iVgPucar Refinery ...IOBV4
Hocking Valley.... 16%. Preferred. .100
Homestake. 33% Term. Coal A Iron. 21
H. A Texas Cent... | Preferred. .. 90
Illinois Central 92% Texas Pacific...... 7*/,
lowa Central." a ToI. A. A.A N.Mich.
Preferrea ; 29 Tol. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... ll 1 /* Preferred. 70
■ Preferred.... 21% Tol.SuLouts<SK.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 Preferred. .. 5
Lake Erie A Westn 17 Union Pacific .. 7
Preferred 69 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2
Lake Shore ........ 146% v. a Cordage 4Vs
National Lead 21 %j Preferred . BY*
Preferred 85% Guaranteed ...... 17%
Long 151 and...;.... 74 U. S. Express 40
Louisville A Nash. V* % V. S. Leather...... 7Vi
Louisville NaACta 7%' Preferred 67%
Preferred. 16%] U. S. Rubber 16
Manhattan Consol. 97* I Preferred. 73 .
Memphis Charts. IS Utica AB. River.. l6o
Mexican Central... 9 Wab. ». L. A Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 94 Preferred ;.. 16V«
Minn A a L. Wells-Fargo... 90
Preferred......;.. Western Union.... 82V*
Minn A St. Loom. 16 Wisconsin Central. 1
Ist preferred 72 Wheeling AL. E.. 8%
preferred 41 I Preferred SUM,
Missouri racifle.... 20% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 61 .
Mobile Ohio 18%' W. U. Beef 7
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 7
National Unseed.. 17%1 Preferred 22
N. J. Central...... 101 Brooklyn Traction, jjiiu,
North American... 4%'Krie 2d pfd. 18%
CXOBIXU BONDS.
C 4s, reclsured.,loß% MX T 2ds.. 57
Do 4s. coupon.... 109i/4 Do 4s .. . ..'" 83 '
U S4snew, regstrdllb% Mutual Union 65.*.. 114 :
Do 4s, coupon.... 116%!N J cent Gen 55. ..117%
Do2s 95 Northern Pac lsts. ll4
<>5s 1133/8 Do2ds 11l
Jo 6s. coupon.... 1133/o[ DoSds... -67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 ' 'Northwest Consols! 140
»°\*ll 10U ! Do deb 6s 11l
Do 1898 10:> 15t5.......109%
Do 1899 . .100 StL&lronMtGen ss %
fw 1 " 1 '"^ 8 of 95 ""TTT St L A 8 F Gen 6s. 110%
a, 3-65s -V 109 l/ * St Paul C0n5015.. ..12H%
Ala Class A4s 107 St P CAP* lsls 119
D0Ua5584,55..105 ! DoPacCallsts.il)
LaConsol 4s ... 9514 ! Southern R R 55.. . 89%
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 84
N Carolina con 65. . 130 Texas Pacific 2ds 19%
fJ%* \r—A\T—l?> O Un 'on J'ac lsts 86.103%
So Carolina 4%5... 102 West Shore 4«.. 104 vl
lecnnew3s 85 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 6:..v!
Va funding debt... 57 8 Grande West lsts 74
* Co registered — Ches 4 Ohio 55.. ..107%
Do deferred 65... 5 j Atchlson 4s 78i£
Dotrust rcptsst. 7 j Do 2ds A 393/:
Canada South 2ds.. 106 GH4 8 A 6s. 101
Cen Pac lsts of '95.100 1 Do2d7s.. ' " «8
Den ARG Jst Hiy 2 U * Tex Cent 6s::iO6%
D 045.... J»O% Do con 6*.. ....... 102
trie 2d5. .;......... 6H% Reading 4s 77
Kansas Pa Consols 70 1 | Missouri 6*. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den dlvll 1141
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. N. V., July 3.-R. G. Dun A Co.
will say to-morrow In their weekly review of trade:
Complete failure returns for the second quarter of
1896, April 1-June 30. inclusive, cover 2995 in the
United Mates, against 2885 in the same quarter of
last year. Failures for the week have been 267
in the United States, aeainst 250 last year and •'?
in Canada against 24 Jaßt ye*r.
Current movements have been so largely of
temporary character, or else purely speculative on
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
theday by day . plan, that they are • not highly In
structive. Thus, an extensive shut-down of cot
ton-mil'.s Is solely in the hope that half production
in July and August may clear a largely over
stocked market. Stock fluctuations are still more
ephemeral. ; ; '
Extended reviews of the half-year's operations
In leading branches of manufactures go far to ex
plain numerous stoppages. Mills are waiting for
orders, the sales of woo! having been not a third of
last year's for the tame week. Prices are de
pressed, but still depend on foreign possibilities.
In cotton goods the closing of many miils, both
North and South, for half of July and August is in
effect a recognition of the fact that heavy stocks
of goods, manufactured from cotton costing be
tween 7%@8%c, could not be expected to show
profits if the mills go on manufacturing until a
new and probably heavy crop of cotton Is ready.
The reduction of prices has brought out a large
demand in many cases, but not enough to meet
the output of the mills. A further decline in print
cloths to 2%c is significant when such a decrease
in production is assured.
Having begun by reducing prices to the lowest
ever known boot and shoe producers are doing a
shade bettor iv prices, with leather a little cheaper.
The output of iron has largely decreased and
there is a quite general stoppage of works for re
pairs, but the annual controversies about wages
have in most cases been settled and it is believed
will be settled in all without strikes. Wheat de
clined %c and recovered Vie, but Western re
ceipts continue remarkably large. The stocks in
sight lire greater than a year ago, and though win
ter Wheat yields less, spring Wheat seems likely
with fair ueatber, to yield more than last year.
Corn 1 romises remarkably well, and also Oats.
Cotton srea:ly needs rain in parts of Texas, but
better reports come from most of the other sections
and a large Increase In acreage is generally re
ported.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., July 8.-Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
July 2, with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Bradstreet's:
Percentage
Citiks. Amount. Inc. Dec ■
New York 9636.86(1,182 21.4
Boston 99,920.025 2.3
Chicago .100,621,294 6.2
Philadelphia 68.397.683 6.7
St. Louis. 20.610,753 1.4
Plttsburg. 16,384,986 11.6 ......
Cincinnati 14,497,850 9.0
Baltimore 17,603,164 16.5
San Francisco. 1.'<,874,5J3 4.5
Kansas City 9,942,248 23.9
New Orleans... 6,760,079
Louisville „ 6,146,726 0.4
Detroit 6,058,901 2.3
Minneapolis 7,373,409 45.6
Cleveland 6,583,3)0 26.5
Providence. .4,917,800 6.0
Milwaukee 6,283.004 10.2
Indianapolis «... 4,212.4-7 4.5
Buffalo 4,640,521 2.2
St. Paul 5,258,196 19.8
Omaha 4.557.875 62.5
Denver 1,800,8i'4 10.4
Salt Lake 1,;>94,971 3.7
Los Angeles 1,013,026 14.4
Portland. Or 1,143,179 8.6
Tacoma 601,867 84.1
Seattle 691,902 66.3
Spokane. - 487.102 61.7 ......
Totals V. S 91,103,518,933 13.0
Outside of New York
City 467,658,761 3.0
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Totals $i:t,9«4,794 27.6
FOREIGN JIAItkETS.
WHKAT IN I.IVEIIPI1O!.
LIVERPOOL, Enu.. July 3.— Tho spot market
is steady at 6s 2%d. Cargoes firm at 25s 9d, ar
rived.
FtJTtXBES.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter:
July, 4s 10% d; August. is 10V4J; September, 4s
10i/id: October, 4s 10% d: November, 4s 10s /A d.
(SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eng.. July 3. — Consols, 113%;
silver, Sis/ S d; French Rentes. 10 If 25c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — if 4 PR
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4U9%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraohtc. — 16
Fine silver, f* ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars s*vi t>4»4
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Dullness still characterizes the mar
ket. No. 1, 92% c: choice, 93%@95c; lower grades,
2 ®9oc: extra choice for milling, 97%c@91 10
"$ CU.
All. BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— 10 o'clock— December—
100 tons. 97% c; 300, 97% c; 600, 8 8c.
Hwiruu Mubnino session — December— 300
tons, 9- Vie
Afternoon Session — Decemoer — 100 ions,
98% c: 200, 98c.
B RLEY— New Feed sold to arrive at 70c.
Feed, 2 @68 3 /4 C; choice bright, 70c; Brewing, 76
(g,Boc ctl.
•'A 1.1. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — No sales.
Kkoiiur Morn Ino session— No sales.
Afternoon session— No sales.
OATS— Are steadier at previous prices. Milling.
87V a @90c; fancy Feed. »0@92%c ft ctl: good to
choice, 82%<&90c; common to fair, 77%@80c;
Gray, 80@83%c: Surprise, 95c<$$ 1 02%.
CORN -Continues dull. Large Yellow, »o@9sc
y ctl; Small Round do, »7 Vac: White, 77 V4to,h"2i. c
%t ctl.
RYE— 72%@7sc ft ctl for old and 62% c for
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Oc ■$ ctL
FLOUR AM» MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 19.668
barrels. Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 76@3 85 ft bbl; Bakers' extras, S3 56®3 6a;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMKAL. ETC. — Feed Corn, 19 50@20:
Cracked Corn, $20 50@21 * ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
-1 lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
: 2%c: Rye Flour, 3Vic; Mice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4t04%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked heal, 3%c; Farina,
2 c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4 Vic;
Pearl _ Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 43/ 4 c; Green do,
6V*c V> tb.
HAY AND FKKDSTUFFS.
P.R AN -Quotable at Sls@lß 50 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS— 60@18 60 ii ton for lower
grades and 519@20 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFF*— Rolled Barley, f15®15 80; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; Jobbing, f 22:
Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market.
HAY— No further change. New Wheat, $7 609
10; New Wheat and Oat. «7C<S9: new Oat, $6@B;
new Barley, $6@B ; River Barley, $4 6035; Alfal
fa. *6@6 50; new Clover, $6@7 60.
BTR'AW— bale.
BEAN!) AND SEEDS. •
BEANS— Continue neglected. Bayos quotable at
90@95c; Small Whites, $1 15@1 26: Pea, $1 20
@1 40; Large Whites, 90c@U 05: Pink, 75@85c:
Keds, 91 10@l 30: Blackeye, $1 60®l 60; Red
Kidney, nominal: Llmas. $2 35®2 55: Butters,
91 36®1 50 tor small and 91 60® 1 75 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at *1 60®
2 25* ctl: Trieste, 92@2 M) Veil: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40®l 50: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary, 2%o
» It.; Alfalfa, 7%@9% * tb; Ripe, 2y 2 c V tt>;
Hemp, 3y 2 c lb.
DRIED PEAS— 9I 26®1 40 fi cU for Mies and
91 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES — Garnet Chiles are quotable at
Bbc@sl 1* ctl: Peerless. 80c@fl; Early Rose. In
sa< ks, 75c@$l: Early Rose In boxes, 76c@$l; Bur
bank Seedlings. 75c@«l 25 ft ctl.
ONIONS— White, 40(<tti0c: Red, 15@25c tp ctl.
■VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are lower *nd Cu
cumners higher. Green Corn is quotable at
60c&$l 9 sack: Alameda Corn, $1 25@2 ft crate;
Summer Squash. so@6sc for Bay: Egg Plant, 12% c;
Tomatoes, $2@2 50 * box: Cucumbers. 76^1 :
Alameda Cucumbers, «1 50(32; Asparagus, 75c@
92 50; Rhubarb, 26@60c: Dried Peppers, 6®12%c
** lb: Green Peppers, 16c V tt> for Chile and
fi lb for Bell: Green Peas. 50c(S$l 9 sack
for common and 2@2%c fi S> for Garden: String
Beans. 2%@4c Or common ana 696 c for Garden:
Green Okra, 20c lb; Cabbage, 46<Si60c %t cU;
Garlic, 2@3c * lb. .
HI'TTKU, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Weak and unchanged.
Cbkamkby— Fancy, 14%@16c; seconds, 14c
*tt>. . • ■
Daisy— Fancy, 13@13%c; good to choice. 12@
12% c; lower grades7Tl@il%c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new, 6@6%c; common
to good. 6®sy2c: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, 7@Bc It tt.; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12®12%c
EUG:i— lnactive, with large stocks. Eastern
Eggs. 9@l2c: store Eggs, 10011 c: ranch Eggs,
12®14c; Duck Eggs, 12&13 c %Taoz>
POULTRY AND iiAME.
POULTRY— Turkeys are hUher again. Ducks
are unsalable. • oung stock is lower and weak.
Live Turkeys, 16(&17c for Gobblers, 15<ai6c for
Hens: Geese, f) pair, 9Oc(it«l: Ducks. $2 50@3 for
old and S3®4 f. dozen for young: Hens. $;■> 60ffl
4 50: Roosters, youtig, $5®7: do, old. $4®4 50 »
doi: Fryers, $4® 4 60; Broilers, $3® 3 50 for large
and S2®2 60 for small; Pigeons, 91 25(8,1 50 %J doz
for young and old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Banlett Pears are offering. Figs and Peaches
are lower. Apricots continue to advance.
Peaches. 50075 eft box. and 40@80c V basket.
Plums, 26®50c V- box.
Cherry Plums nominal.
Apples, 25@50c * small box and 50@85c <p large
box.
Pears— 26@Ssc box; Bartletts, «I@l 10.
Apricots. 35®60c r box, 25046 c » basket and
$18@25 V ton in bulk.
Figs, 20@35c «t box for sinele and 50@76c * box
for noii Die layers.
BERRIES— Stocks continue very large.
tstrawbcrrl?s, $3® ' %t chest for Longworths and
$2@2 50 for lurge be.ries.
RHspberries, #£ 50®4 fl chest.
Blackberries, Bi@2^so it chest.
Currants. $ 2 50®4 60 "$ chest.
WATERMELONS- a carload from Arizona Is
selling at VI 50®3 $ doten.
GRAPES— Thompson's Seedless from Yuma, $2
* crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges. $1 50@2 26 9 box
for Seedlliißs, 93@3 50 for ' Navels, and *2@3 f.
box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 91
@2 for common and $2 50@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, 94 60&7; bananas, »l<a>2 V buuen;
Pineapples, * l(g, * %» aoztn.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUIT »—
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are follows:
, Carload Lots— Apples, l%@2c ? lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4@4%c Or evaporated;
Peaches, i'@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, : 7@Bc
for orlme to choice. for fancy and lOftJllc $
Ib for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2Vjjc for im
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks; Pears, 7c 1& lb
for evaporated halves, 3%@6c '$ tb for quarters:
Prunes. 3@3i/ic; Plums, 3%c 9 lb for pitted and
iv 2 <*2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3%r<sso f* Ib for
prime to choice and s Vic for fancy
Jobbing Phickb— .tvaporaiea apples, 4@sc
V lb: sun-dried, lVa®2c: Peaches. 3Vs(a»»<: ana «c
for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2%c V lb; Prunes, 3%c
for four sizes. 4%c for 4U@6o's and 4c for
50@60's; Apricots, 7<<j9c lor prime to . choice,
10(a,ll for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c;
White Figs, 3ftssc: Pears. 8c f* lb for erapo rated
halves and 4©7% c for quarters: Plums. 3%©4 c
tor pitted and l(g,li 2 c for unpltted; Nectarines,
4® sc %* tt> for pr^ne to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, £'
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none: 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown. 2%c ~t lb: seedless Mil tanas.
8c: seedless Muscatels, 1 3 /ic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V box; clusters, 91 36^1 50; Dehesa clus
| ters, 2 10@2 25; liui.er.al cluster^ »2 60®2 76.
Jobbing Pbicbs— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, 3@ Vie ii lb: 2-crown. Sc. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c ft lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c; clusters, 91 &o@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, «2 60; Imperial clusters, 82 76..
NUTS — Quotations are as follows: Wal
nuts, 9@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c ft Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7%c for
Languedoc and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, e@6%c V Ib for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts,
9©loc%* ft,: Cocoanuts, *4 50©5?( 100.
HONEY -Comb 10@12%c V lb for bright and 8
©9c V tt> for lower grades; water-white extracted,
6@5%c "# lb: light amber extracted, *!4(5)4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. -_'@3a
BEESWAX-25@J7%c » Ib.
PROVISIONS.
No further change.Bbut the market for Hams,
Bacon and Lard roles very firm.
CURED ATS- Bacon Is quotable at 6c V
Ib for heavy, 7c %> Jb for light medium. 9c » lb for
light, 10c for extra lisht and 12c ¥ Ib for sugar
curea: Eastern Sugar-cured Hams 12@12V>c;
California Hams, 10%@llcH n>: Mess Beef, $7(3,8:
extra mess do. 98 503z>9: family do. 910: extra
prime Pork, *B<ffiß 50; extra clear. $14 V bbl;
mess, $12 50(3)13"? bbl; Smoked Beef. 10c % lb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces Is quoted at s Vic f* !b
for compound and 614 c for pure; palls. 7c «i Ib;
California tierces. 43 c for compound Ind 6c lor
pure; half-bbls, 6V4c; 10-lb tins, 7c; do 6-lb, 714 c
COTTOLENE— In tierces and 4 (a>7VsC
» It. in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers. 7@
7%c 1* Ib; culls and brands. 6@6%c: medium,
6<36%c V tb; culls and brands, 6@5%c ft lb: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides. 5@5%c; culls
and brands. 4<g,li. 2 c: salted Kip, 6c * tb: salted
Calf. 7f0.8c: salted Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10%@llo:
culls and brands, B©B%c; dry Kip and Veal, B(flJ9c;
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins,
2O(ai3sc each ; Kids, sc: Deerskins, eood summer.
30c: medium. 16(525c; winter. 7@loc: Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@15c each: short wool, 'JU@
35c each; medium. 40(a>50c each; long wools, 60®
60c each. Culls of all klndi about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3i/4@3%c; No. 2,
3c: refined, 5%@55 / ic: Grease, 2%c * to.
WOOL— Humboldt and Mendocino is quotable at
10@12c 9 Ib: Valley Oregon, 9@llc ?i Ib: do
lower grades. B@loc tb; Nevada, 6@9c V Ib;
ban Joaquln and Southern Coast, six months, 4(a;t><:;
San Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, 7&8 c: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%@8%c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective. 6@6%c $« tt».
HOPS— Nominal at Ii 2 ©3 cs* m.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain u&im, spot, $4 25; San
Quentin, *4 20; Wool Bags. 24i£®26 1/aC
COAL—Harrison s circular says: -During the
week there have been six arrivals from the north
ern collieries with 13.162 tons of Coal, and tbr^e
from Australia with 62!1i) tons. The labor disturb
ances at Newcastle. N. S. W., have not yet oeeu
compromised, hence no cargoes are being shipped
from that section. During the week we have bad
two arrivals of Newcastle Coal, which leaves at
present only two now afloat, and these are all that
can poMtibly arrive oelore September next. Some
of the cargoes arriving recently have changed
hands two or three times, each time at a protit, as
our market is about entirely bare of the lietier
grades of ( ulonial Coals. It is merely a matter of
surmise when the strike will be ended, as no one
in ; he trade here supposed it could possibly be pro
longed as ll has been, and recently received cables
do not promise an early settlement. Meanwhile
an Increased demand has sprung up for our Coast
Droducs and tor Swansea Anthracite to u.k<> the
pla eof Wallsend for steam uses. Some of our in
terior gus companies will shortly be in the market
to replenish their stocks at prices considerably
higher than their last purchases, as their ( onsumo
tlon consists principally of Gretu and Wallseud."
Wellington quotable at fM ton: New Wellington,
$8 J> tin: .-onthtield Wellington. *7 50 V ion;
Seattle, $5®5 50; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotcn, *7 50; Brymtto, «7 60;
Cumberland, 911@12 inbuilt and f13®14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. #11 50; w <•: h
Anthracite, 98; Cannel, 97 50: Rock S.rm^s,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. 97 GO; coko,
$11(312 In bulk and Cl 3ft ton in ska.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
Quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5 vie; Dry Granulated, bV^c;
Confectioners' A, 51/8°: Magnolia A. 4£>*c: Extra
C. <y%c: Golden C, 4S/ 8 c; half-barrels, 14c more
than barrels, and boxes 1 /gc more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Blackstrap, 10c
» 6al.
SAN FRANCISCO Mi: AT MARKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, sc; second 00, 4%@i%c:
third do, 3y 2 @4c $ tb.
VEAL— Large, 4®6c; small, 6@6c fi lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. sc: Ewes. 4@4y 2 c ii ft.
LAMB— Lamb. 6®sy,c ft lb.
PORK-Live Hogs, 3%@)3y«c fi Ib for large and
3%@3%c for small and mediums dressed do, 4%
tic.
KI.CKIPTS OF FRODCCB.
FOB 24 HOTO9.
Flonr.ar.sks... 10 296jEggs. doz 10,350
Wheat, Or, ctl».. 3,t>10 Hides, no. 331
Barley, ells. l,73o> felts, bdls. 160
Oats. Or, ct15..... 28 5] W001, bis 136
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,583! Oregon 61
Onions, sks. 680 1 Wine, gals. 43,900
Midrtilngs.slcs... 3911 l.ime, bbls. 81
Bran, sks 8,140 Quicksilver, nslcs 168
Hay. ions 240 I allow, CHS 10
Straw, tons h Lumber. M mm.. SO
Butter, ctls. 290 Leather, roll 103
Cheese, ctls... Bl'
FAMILY RETAIL ' MARKET.
Butter and Eggs are a shade cheaper.
Turkeys are dearer, there being no other changes
in Poultry.
Benles are plentiful and cheap. Choice Peaches
are rather dear and Apricots are higher than usual
this year.
Tomatoes are scarce and high. Other Vegetables
are reasonable In price.
Following is Thb Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAL— PF.R TOX.
Cannel — @ fl 50 Pleasant Val 9 50(310 00
Wellington. — (q;10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- Wellington — ® 950
lington.... — @10 00 Scotch — ft» 960
Seattle 7 00@ 760 Coos Bay... 6 bO® —
Castle Gate. 9 60@10 00
SAIRY PRODUCE, ETC
Butter, fancy, %t I Cheese, Eastern... 16020
square 30@35 Cheese, Swiss... 20«£30
do, 9 roll 27(a:30 Commonßggs..l2ysf4l!> ■
do. choice 25«$— , Ranch 16(<420
Ordlnaryao — — Honey, comb, f*lD.l2(ails
Cheese, cai B®lo| do, extracted. ... B<a>l2
MKATS-PKR POTTNP. . 1 -
Bacon 12<ai7 Pork, fre5h..... ...12@15
Beef, choice 12(515 Pork, salt ...10@12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12@15
Corned Beef. B(Si - Round Steak . K'SjlO
Ham. Cal 121^^16 Sirloin Steak.. .12 iA@ —
do, Eastern IB@— ■ Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20 I
Lard _ 126ii15 Smoked Beef — <&15
Mutton «(sic Pork Sausages.... -m!2O
Spring Lamb 10@— Veal.. 10*13
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens.each 60® 65 Turkeys, * lb.. 18® 20
louug Roost- Ducks, each... 40© 60 ■
ers, eacn 70® 86 Geese, each 75&1 00 ;
Old Roosters, | Pigeons, "$ pr.. 40@ 50 i
each 60<a — . Rabbits, %i pr. . Hs@ 40 '
Fryers, each... 50® -Hare, each 16® 20
Broilers, each.. so® 40'
FBI-ITS AND KUT9.
Almonds, Jb.....12(516iL1me5, fl doz — <S)ls
Apricots. %i tt>..... 4<§ 5 Oranges, * d0z.... 16035
Apples. 1* lb 4(* 6 Pears, * tb .-4(0) 6
Bananas, ? d0z...15@20 Peacnes. i» 1b...... 6@lo
Blackberries, dr\vr2O@:so|Piums, 5b. ...... 4<g» 5
Currants, box.. .40(3)50 Raisins, Tfi lb 5<V915
Cocoanuts, each...lo®l2,Raspb»;rries, drwr.2s@do
Cherries. $ tt>_....16©20 Strawberries,
Figs. * lb 6s) h ; * drawer 20®35
Gooseberries, V lb. 6@ 8 Walnuts, %» 1b.....16® —
Lemons, V d0z....25@30
VKUKTABLKS.
Asparagus. H 1b... Lettuce, f* d05...:16a)20
Artichokes, .10<a30 Mr fat Squash,* tb @ -
Beets, f. do 7. 12(gi15 Onions, %i 1b....:.. 4® 5
Benns,white ?tb.2i^@ 6 Peppers, green,Vlb2o^3o
Colored. » tt>...2y 2®2 ® 5 Parsnips, » a0z....m@20
Lima, %i 1b... 4fa> 6 Potatoes, $ 9>...:. 2®i3
Cabbage, each s&lo : Rhubarb, fi 1b... . 4® 6
Cauliflowers, each, cri 8 ! P.adishes. «dzbchs.lOr«la
Celery, * bunch... srd) — Sage. ■$ n>.......-...25&35
Cress. *dzbunchs.2O(£42s,Smer squash. f» lb 4@ 6
Cucumber, doz. 1 2@)5lKtrtng Beans, * lUftfcft 8
Garlic, V lb 5® 61 Thyme, IB lb. .20@30
Green Peas, » lb.. 4fg> &|Turnlps, ¥ d07.....15(*20
Green Corn. f» dozl.->(o)3UjTomatoes, 9 5i....15®25
Lentils, 1ift....... 6® sj
■ . JTJSH— HER POUND. .
Barracuda .. M ....i0012|5had........ B@lo
Carp • B®lojSea Bass. -«—« —
C0dfi5h............. -(ct:sSmelts ....»....;. If® —
F10under5..........10f<»-j501e5...... 10«£12
Halibut lo® -Skates, each 10®12
Herring ..lu@ —sturgeon ......... —at —
Klngnsn."....'.^..:.iu«o iT0mc0a. ........ ...15® —
Mackerel 20<3 -Clams, fi gaL...... -M(ls
do, Horse.™ -<$ _|do. hardshell, *■
Perch. 10<a)- 100 60@ —
P0mpan0. . ... :. .:. . 35<aM) Crabs, each . .". . . . .; 12@15
Rockflsh . . . . ...... — 6215 Do. softshell, » dr.25@35
Salmon, smoked... 2o® — Mussels, f> qrt-....10@16
Balnion,tresh.....-.l2®i6;Oysters, Cal,* 100.40® —
shrimps ».... B©lo.Do, Eastern, V dx. 25<3»40
THE STOCK MARKET.
The Comstock. continued strong yesterday and
I prices advanced a few cents again, though business
was quiet.
The Mono assessment falls delinquent in office
on Monday, and the Occidental assessment on
Wednesday. j
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared a
dividend of 75c, payable on the 13th.
The stock boards stand adjourned to Wednesday,
Julys.
Mining assessments falling delinquent In July
, amount to 988,250. of which California mines call
for $20,000 and Nevada mines for $86,250.
The Pacific Lighting company will pay a divi
dend of 30c per share on the 6th. -•- -
he Pacific as Improvement Company will pay
a dividend of 60c per share on the 10th.
The San Jose and Spring Valley Water com
; panics will pay the usual dividends of 50c per
| share on th ■ 10th.
The Berkeley Bank of -savings is now paying
j dividends at the rate of 4% per cent on term and
4,20 per cent on ordinary deposits.
The Farmers' and Merchants' Bank and the
I Union. Savings Bank of Oakland are now paying
! dividends ai. the rate of 4.10 percent on all de
posits. I The other two savings banks of Oakland
I ay the same rate.
Following: Are the Highest Prices During;
. . . the Past Week.
Stock.
Moii.
jTue..,
iWed.r
lThrs.l in. Sat.'
I
11 12
10 11
82 35
61 64
75 81
40 41
IK 21......
26 28......
14 12
35 37
2.35 2.50
1.95 a.OO
1.00 1.00
63 56
98 1.05......
j 1.301 1.80
68 70
04 12
1.20 1.20
22 23
76 1.05......
1.10 1.25
»8 90
13 14
67 81.
63 66
09 10......
46 48
Alpha . ....
Aim.... ....
Andes ..
Belcher
Beat & Belch or..
Bodle
Bullion .
Bulwer .........
Caledonia
Challenge. .
Choliar .. .. ..
Con. Cat <*Va..
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould 4 Curry.
Hale <fc Norcrosi
Mexican ..
Mono.
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental...;...
PotoaL .....;....
Savage .-...
Beg. Belcher....
Sierra Nevada..
Union. ;.
Utah
Yellow Jacket..
15
12
SI
48
>-;,
40
18
28
13
36
2. SO
1.90
1.00
50
1.10
1.30
70
06
1.20
23
8B
1.10
95
12
61
67
10
61
12
lv
S'2
63
85
~ 40
19
26
16
37
2.60
1.96
1.10
53
1.05
1.40
72
06
1.20
23
82
1.15
1.00
16
64
68
09
47
|
13
11
31
50
75
37
18
28
14
33
2.16
1.85
1.00
50
94
1.20
64
05
1.15
21
75
99
87
12
67
62
09
44
IIOAi.d >ALKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
RP.mri.AR MOBNiv>« HMwrnM r-n»rM-".->crr«»'» 9:T».
400 Andes 34:150 Chollr. 400 Savae .88
400 Belcher. ..63 250 2.45 100 Seg B 14
200 B*B 73100 C Point... 64 200 5Nev....60
300 -....7:i850U«fcC....1.00160 ..61
100 8u1wer....28 400 H&N. .1.30 200 Union 66
100 C0a1ing.. .35 650 0phir...1.20 100 V Jackt...4s
50 CC<t V...1. 901900 Potosl... 1 20
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
i.x.ci.Aß nrwsiov— TVTl.
400 Alpha 12H60 CCV.. ..1.95 600 Occd 90
600 Alta 111200 2.00 200 92
260 Ande5... .34J100 Conn.... 1.05 200 93
200 Belcner. ...V_» ; 3ooo ( ou 1m..02 200 94
300 531500 Con NY.. 04 100 98
400 B &B 731400 Crwn Pt...53200 _1.02Va
VOO 72 200 55 5000vrmn....23
dOO 74300 Exchqr....o6 900 P0t0»1..1.15
800 75 100 U&C....1.0U200 1.17JA
200 76 300 1.02 V, 600 1.20
100 78 200 1.05 400 1.22Va
200 79 600 HAN.. .1.30 200 Savg 89
30U Bodie 42 300 Julia 311600 90
200 8u11i0n.. ..20 400 Justice. ...07 400 Scorptou..oK
SOO 19200 Kentiick.,o3 600 S B A M...14
100 8u1wer...25500 L Wash... 04300 S Ny 61
600 Caleda lti 400 Mexn 68 1000 Sil Hi 11. .03
200Ch11UKe...36 200 7(1400 Union C...57
200 Ch01r2.32y, 100 Mono lt>;t>'JO C'^a 10
600 2.46400 Ophir... 1.20:400 X Ja0Kf11.,45
100 2.40 200 1.17Vil
CXOSINU QIIOTATIOXS.
FRIDAY, July 3-12 v.
£itLAtk€d.\ /;,-/..!•:■- I.
Alpha Con. ... 10 15Julla — 0*
Alta. 11 lJJustlce. 06 06
Andes. 34 35 Ketuucfc 02 03
Belcher 63 66 Lady Wash.... — 04
Best&Belcher 80 81 Mexican 69 70
Bentou C0n.... 20 —Mono. ... 12
Bodie 41 —Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 21 32 Occidental. ...1.00 1.05
Buhver 27 —Ophir. ...1.20 1.25
Caledonia. 10 12 Overman 22 23
Chollar 2.50 2.s6ii'otosl 1.20 1.25
Con.Cal*Va.. .1.95 2.00 Savage 89 91
Challenge Con. S6 3H Scorpion 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 OS seg. Belcher. .. 13 14
Confidence 1.00 1.05 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - 'silver Hi 11.... — 04
Crown Point... 54 55isierra Nevada. 60 62
EastSierraNev — Us : ['nionC'on 55 57
Exchequer 06 06 L'tah 10 11
Goulo 4 Curry. 1.00 1.05 Yellow Jacket. 48 49
Hale ANorcrs. 1.30 1.35
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
John liyan to Catherine ityjui, Jot on S line of
California street, 181 :3 X of Webster. X 25 by H
137:6: also lot on X line of Laguna street, 137:6 N
of Bush, N 22:6 by X 80; gift.
John P. and Augusta A. Hayden to Edward J.
Vogel, lot on E line of Pevisadero street, 27:6 N
Of Pine. N 27:6 by E 100: $10.
'inomas Nannt-ry to Maria Nannery, lot on N
line of Twenty-fourth street, 76:9 W of Sanchez,
W 75:11 by N 114: gift.
Antoinette H. Clark and Annie Hill to Sarah L.
H. Strong, lot on X line of Lysett place, 97:6 S of
Sacramento street, S 20 by X 53:3; also undivided
half of Lvsett place; .*T>.
Wee I'ack 10 Michel A. Tschurr, lot on N line of
North Point, 43:9 E of Larkln street, E 25 by .s
Sophie Seeli (wife of Gaspard) to Louisa Oestlngt,
lot on B\V line of Ruts street, 160 SE of Howard
SE 26 by 8W 100: «10.
Bridget McUuire to Nicholas Cotter, lot on SE
line of Louisa street, 322:6 NE of Fourth, NE 20
by SE 69; 910.
William Tonjes to Felix Lestrohan, lot onSW
line of Chesley street, 195 N\V of Bryant, XW 30
by S\V 80; flO.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Nicholas A. Jacobson, lot on E line of De Haro
street, 26 8 of Twenty-second (Sierra), S26byE
100; grant.
Monroe and Myra A. Greenwood to Annie B.
Beip, lot on E line of Fifth avenue, 376 S of Lake.
526 by H 120: $10.
Alfonso Di Nola, Thomas and Mariannlna Ll
nane, outside land block 1218; $10.
Katharine Metcalf to Caspar Furrer, lot on SE
Hue of Porter avenue, 80 SW of Naelee. SW 160
SE 168, NE 82:6, NX 83. NW 214, lots 2 and 3
block 23, West End Map 2; 910.
Joseph and Mary t unco to George W. H. Asbton,
lot on S line of Hope street, 60 E of Brewster, E
25 by S 70, lot 1729, Uift Map 3: $10.
Charles S. and Ada L. West to Henry and Dora
Kage, lot on W line of High street, 265:6 S of
Ocean Hou.se road, S 70, S 140:5, N H3:6Vfe, SE
142 :2, lot U,|block 25, Noe Garden Homestead ; $10
JnmesF. Macklln to William McCracken, lot on
N W cornerof South Broderlck street. 101 :3 Vi feet
NE from the division line between the property of
the Flint Tract Homestead Association and the
property of the Park Hill Homestead Associa
tion, N 25:10, W 150:31/9, SW 19:10. SE 159-6
lot 23, block 3, Park Hill Homestead Association
»lo.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
William and Margaret Austin to George W
Austin, lot on N line of Thirty-second street. 110-9
W of Linden, W 23 by N 100, being lot 31, block
675, Glascock I ract, Oakland, subject to a mort
gage for 9800 ; $10.
George W. Austin to Fred G. Weston, same ; $ 10.
Mary and E. P. Blagrove to Meta Gordon (wife
of Charles W.), lot on 8 line of Kllnkner avenue,
959:10 X of San Paolo avenue, S 59, E 231.72, W
224 to beginning, being lots 16 and 17, property of
William O'Neil, map 2, Golden Gate, Oakland
Township; 910.
Viola 1. Girvln to Samuel W. Carpenter, lot on
W line of Claremont avenue, 275.81 on a course
bearing NE from NE line of Viceute Peralta Re
serve of 700 acres, thence NW 700, NE 190, SE
481, SW 417 to beginning, being portion of plat 76.
RanchO V. and D. I'eralta, Berkeley; 910.
Charles W. and Alice P. Metz to Blanche. K. Van
Haltren. lots 3 and 4, block W, amended map of
Moss Tract, Brooklyn Township; 910.
Stewart and Frances Crevling to Thomas R.
F.vans, undivided three-eighths Interest In lot on
W corner of Clark and B streets. SW 368 ;8 by
NW 118-16, being portion of lots 20 to 26. map of
HUn-street Tract, Brooklyn Township: 910.
Same to John Rodda, undivided tlir -e-eighths
Interest In same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to Ann Dunn, undivided quarter interest
in same, Brooklyn Township; 910.
Julia A. Bacon to Oscar K. Franklin, lot on X
line of Santa Clara avenue, 250 W of Fourth
street (formerly West End avenue), E350. N 270
W 250, 3 270, to beginning, being lots 22 to 26. 9
to 14. and portion of lot 8. block C, Amended Map
of Resubdlvislon of Haieht Tract, subject to a
mortgage for 96000 to Oakland Bank of Savings
Alameda; 910. B
C. L. and Mary Sturm to Fred C. Weston, lot on
N W line of Piedmont avenue, 146 NE of Moss av
enue. NE 35 by NW 125, block A, Thermal Hill
formerly Howe Tract, Oakland Township; $10. '
Myron T. and Marion H. Ilolcomb to same, lot
on -N W line of Piedmout avenne, 181 NE of Moss
avenue, NE 5 by NW 126. block A, same, Oakland
Township: 910.
Charles L. and Mary K. I ngler to M. S. Fletcher
lot on W line of Wilson avenue, 200 sof Chicago
avenue, 8 50 by W 122, beiug lots 21 and 22, block
D, map of subdivision of block D and portion of
block F, revised map of Prospect HIU Tract Oak
land Township: $il>.
James Donohoe to Emma Dennison. lots 16 and
17, block C, Fitch Tract, Alameda; 910.
R. 8. and Annie H. Leckie to Cyrille Duchein. lot
on W line of lot 28. block 2025. Whitcher Tract
Map 2, bl N from sw corner of said lot 28, thence
N 19, E 26, s> 19, \V 25 to begiuning, being the N
19 feet of lot 28. block 2025, U hitcher Tract. Map
2, quitclaim deed, Oakland: 95.
Eras! us Kelsey to Ellen E. Kelsey, lot on the W
line of Harrison street, 75 S of Eleventh, S 25 by
W 100, block 141, subject to deed of trust 10 San
Francisco Savings Union for 9750, Oakland; $ 5.
Builders' Contracts.
B. F. Harvey with R. J. Pavert, to erect a three,
story building on the SW line of Thirteenth itreet
-168:7 NW of Howard; C. M. Rossean, architect;
$ 5000.
William Crane with L. M. Hlckox, to erect a
two-story frame building on the s line of Shipley
street, 521:6 E of Fourth; A. J. Barrett, architect;
T. T Williams with Richardson 4 Gale, to erect
a two-story brick building on the S line of Sacra
mento street, 137:6 W of Maple; A. G. Schwein
furth, architect: 916.445.
T. T. Williams with James C. Britt, plumblne
same, same archil let ; 9997.
T. T. Williams with California Electrical Works
electric same, same architect; 9148.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F E Hart, Cincinnari J s McKee, Columbus
Mrs R Don aln, Birds Ldg Miss X Taylor, Birds Ldg
C H Kravnard. Redding R M Gurnell, Oakland
T Cross. U s N J S Thompson, Ohio
E S Rowley. Los Angeles H Vernon. Los Angeles
J J Oroom, Glen Ellen w H White. Mendocino
J M Anginano, Stanford Mrs J Hal!, Oakland
J E Caie, Chicago A H Christiu. Milwaukee
H L Warner unkhrnl Miss Watts, Butte
Ch. Car Iweli, Buffalo R O Scott, Buffalo
Miss X Maynard, %'allejo M C Wmier, Woodland
R Jennings, Woodland B A Abbott &w, Los An
Miss Abbott, Los Angeles
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
T W Jackson, >ouora J E Fahey, Sonora
J II Johnson, Sacto Mrs M de W!a*. Sacto
J H Cowley, Missouri R H Ballard, Missouri
Mrs Abbate Ad, L Ang R M Dealy, Chicago
R L Myers, Ind M A Mats'on, Martlnes
t M Jennings. Missouri J J O'Mara, Denver
W Tuckor, Redwood C M French Palo Alto
W m Wlttenger, S Barb J A \\ ickham & wf, Or
C L Smith <fe wf, Occidtl J A Wakefield A wf.lowa
F M KOyce, Sun Diego J E Tilden & wf, Sacto
T Knowles, San Diego J A Burues & wf, Sacto
M Romeo. Panama A J Luwther. Angil Isl
H R Walters, Denver J E Prltchanl, Denver
G W Wray, Tnlare J V Lentell. Kureka
R Jameson, Oakland C H Pol ley, siockion
M A Kild tiff, Stockton Miss X French, Or
J C Danner, Porterville P J Flaherty & fum. Ariz
Mi-s X Clark, Ireland A V Phillips. Tulare
Charles Black, L Angels C W Beale <fc wf, Fresno
GRAND HOTEL.
S Southworth. Bolivar J A Buchanan &w, Psdn
D B Steplieiig'in A w. s J L Lillington, Riverside
W F Gormley <fe w, Sacto E S Barnes &w, Riversd
F X Wrijht, Sacto O A Jacobs, Santa Cruz
O W Emmons, Alameda D Ahearu & fam, Sucto
H R Coaie, Cal A Kknian <ft w, Orovllle
J Judd, >acti> 8 A Lawrence, st Helens
R 8 Brown, Petaluma D H Force. Cayucos
E Brandon, Or 3lrs M J Jones, .->au Jose
J W Edwards. Oakland F A Mason, Kalamazoo
E H Parker <fe w, Portld Mrs H W Bush. Kaliuzoo
R M Clarke, Carson J R Traynor, Maryuville
F O Morton, Napa B G Toguozzis, San J ose
G O Morion, Napa M V Brown, Los Angeles
T J Edgar <X w, Pa a, A Murtiu & fm, I'al
Miss Hughes, San Jose Miss Lowe, San Jose
Master Hughes, Sn Jose E E Howe <fe w, Stockton
Master Cartner, Stocktn H W Lownsbery<tw,Okld
X N Kraus &w, Sacto H Gardner >fe fm, Nevada
R G Jackson, Napa S H Bair «t fin, Sacto
Mrs steward&ch.Benicia G Pacheco & fm,:lgnaclo
W S Crocker. Suisun Dr C H Castle, Merced
A M McConoughy,S DlegJ M Lintill. Eureka
L C Taller cfew, l.os Gatos G W Bolton <tw,Livermo
Mrs M Calderwood, Cal W H Hilton, Glen Kllen
E Pennock, Pa F E B.iker, Battle Mount
C Jacobson, Redding. K. Sewall <fc w,L Augeles
H D Nash, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
A A Greig, London A D Rodders & w, Ohio
Mrs J McNeil, sta Cruz H Jacoby, S V
N-M Miilan, Portland W H Wyniau. Coronado
J Q Day, Cascade Locks J A Chiirch, N V
i Leonard. Nevada L Lovln, fan Salvador
I Rothschilo. «fe w, Colo G 0 Davis <fe w Mont
Jlt Boyd, Sar Kafael O W Dunn, Siauford
Mrs o \\ Dunn,stanford Mrs 8 Clayton, stnniord
X G Leszynski, Chicago Miss L Dunlap, Kans Cy
AII Poliock, .-ausallto C W Hunt & w.Sausalito
Miss Hunt. Sausalito Master Hunt, Satnallio
Miss Downs, Sausalito Miss Hutton, Sausaiito
.Mr-Olacaonald.Sausaiito Mi>s Macdonald.Sausalto
J M Knipu <fcw,Saii3ftllto P Meicalf, sausalito
W Meicalf, sausalito G S Pierson ife w. Sausal
G T Prince <ftw,Sau.salito L V Clark <fe w, Sausalito
M A Scull A w. Satisalko G s Greene Jr, Sausalito
J M wilbon, Sausalito C<^ BpUlsbory, Sausalito
B H Wheeler, !-au.saiito Miss Sutton, Sausalito
Misa Lamont, sausalito J N Cheater, S;uis:ilito
F A Hoech. Sausalito Miss McLaln, Sausalito
Miss M Watson, sausalito E T Wright. SiiusaiitO
> X Frank, sausalito O R Pike, Sausalito
G H H.gardt, Baosalrte A s liitne, Saus.liio
J Kamsr.v Jr. Sausalito W Ramsey, Sausalito
W L Scaife, Sausalito M Howe .t w, Sausalito
G M Howe, Sausalito Miss Quinlan, Sausalito
G A Quinian, Sausa.ito W S Lincoln, Sausalito
b Eaion. Sausaiilo Miss Eaton, Sauaallto
W D Lovett, Bausalito
THE CALL CALENDAR.
(Su.jMo.
Tu.!_W. Th-j^;^: Moon's Phases
12 3 4 j7*\.La»t Quarter.
— • • VJ*> July 2.
7 8 9 10 111 :
.- — . '. ' . . i^Mk New Moon.
1* 16 16 17 18 |^ July 10.
" ~T~ ! (^"tsFlrst Quarter
21 22 23 24 25 j \J) July 17.
28 29 30 !31 fit} Moon.
. ; VB/- July 24.
5 6
12 13
19 20
26 27
•
OCLAN STEAMKRS.
D»tM of Departure From San Francisco.
BTHAIIEB, | DMTISATION-. | SAILS. | PIKB.
P0m0na..... ' Homboldtliay July 5. 2r« Pier 9
Corona I San Diego. July 6.11 am i Pier 11
Truckee Coos Bay. July 6. s pm Oceanic
KoroKs NewDort July 6, Y am Pier 11
ABlanchartl , Oregon ports.. July 6. spm Pier 13
Columbia... Portland :. July 7,10 am Pier 24
Weeott K«l Kiver July 7. 6pm ' Pier 13
Santa Rosa. San Jlleeo July B.llam. Pier 11
Walla Walla Vie A 1"« Bna July 8. 9am I Pier 9
Anuro ioosB»v July B.loam Pier 13
Colon Panama July 9.12 m PMSB
Jfaraiion Vaaulna Bay.. July 9, 9am Her 1
•' Paul NewDOK JulylO. 9am Pier 11
Del None .. Urays Haroor. Jnlyll, .
Anitralla.... I Honolulu jJulyll.lOAM Oceanic
City Peking. China it Japan July 11. 3pj| PX S3
Biateof cai . Fort _.... July la. 10am Pier ' 24
Snnol ! Grays Harbor, i July 12.12 v Pier 2
Cmatllla. ... i Viet Pitt Sn«l 'July 13, 9am Pier <*
SPY A MILLES TO ARRIVE
STKAMKIt
FRIIW.
I no«
Alcairaz Vaquinaßay I. .July 4
Alice ßlancnart Portland July 4
Kureica _.. Newport .july 4
Colon Panama. July 4
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria* Pueet aonna ..July 4
Willamette Seattle Jnly 4
Trncke* Coos Bay Juy 4
Cleone Crescent City July 5
City of Peking.. China <* japan July 6
Weeott. Kei Kiver luly 5
Prosrreso Seattle July ft
Allneola Tacoma July 5
Arajto Coos Bay July 6
Australia. Honolulu July 6
R&ntaKosa. liin Clean. JuJy 6
Empire Portland July 7
Pomona. flnmboiac Bar July 7
Cr«M«Bt City. .. Crescent city. July 8
BtPaui Newport ..July 8
Tarallon Vaaulna Bay July 8
Nortn Koru H um bold t bar July 8
CmatlUa Victoria & Pueet Sound ..July 9
BtnteofCal Portland July 9
Del Norte Grays Haroor July 9
Sunol Urays tlamor July 9
Corona San Diego. ..Jnly 11
Horlc China unit Jnnan July 1 3
SUN, MOON A ND TIDE.
r. P. COABT AJCT> GKOOKTIO 8lTBV«T TtDß"k
Bri.l-KTIX PX7BI.ISHTCD BY OFFICIAL V
ATTHOBITY Or TRt SIiPKEINTBNDKXT. )
Saturday, July 4
Pnn risps 4.51 1 Moon rises. am
Sunsets 7.36|M00u sets ' .
July — 1896.
>|l'™ Feet|l^£ Feetl!^ Feet^<™\ Feet
4 I.SSI ) l.Si 8.00
."> 2.11 0.8 !'.l-'
6 2.54 0.2 11). 1-4
7 3.34 -0 3 11.06
8 4.12 -0.8 11.49
9 4.60 —1.1 12.25
0 5.29 -1.2 1.00
S.i 11.H7
3.4 I*l7
3.5 1.13
3.7 2.09'
4.0 3.06
4.1 3.58
4.5 4.51
'2.7: b.3S
2.8 7.11
3.0 7.48
. 3.4 8. SI
3.3 916
H. 4 10.01
8.11 10.46
5.6
6.7
5.8
&1
6.2
6.2
Note— ln :he above exposition of the tldos the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the rlav In the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, excent
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes th«
height, and then the number given is subtractiv*
from the depth given by the ebftXM.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULETIN.
Branch Hydrogbaphic Offick, U. fi N., ■»
Merchants' Kxchanof. v
bAS Francisco. July 3. 1896. j
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchtklkr, '
Lieutenant U. s. N. m ohHnre.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
FRIDAY. July 8.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hours from Eureka
pass and mdse, to Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgetu 32 hours from Ven
tura: oil. to order. Sausallto direct.
Stmr Excelsior, Hlgglns. 22 hours from Eureka
lumber, for southern ports. Put in to land pasaen-
ScnrEtta B. Madsen, 8 hours from Fort Ross
-20 bxs butter, 22 hogs, to Ross & Hewlett
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 8 days from Nebalem
River; 140 M ft lumDer, to S H Harmon Lumber
Schr Eureka, Wershuleit, 7 days from Coouille
Blver: M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
. , . .
FRIDAY, July 3 >
pSs 0 7011 He ' ' G0a > mM = Goodal!,
' & B^mr corona. Hall, San Diego ; Goodall. Perkins
btmr A- cat . Cousins, Portland; Oregon h»it
way and Navigation Co. Oregon KaU
» ailed.
Stmr National City. Andresen StJa. JUly *"
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, Ou'aymal
Btmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cro/ . .
■ Tlw™ 8 r end yoTPUebla " " ebney ' Victoria and Port
!cl£^-"-'---^- towa -
eUle Low - Low- P °U>- Revei.
| CC K F o», OVe l£ y - Her "man. Coos Bay
Schr Chas E. Falk, Anderson. Port Gamble.' ■
■ Telegraphic. •
tlS'fwWg^Wgg. — weath.r
.. Charters.
The bark Coloma loads lumber and mdse at Port
land for Hongkong.
May 7-Lat 57 S, long 73 W. Br ship Gulf Stream
from Antwerp, for Port Loa Angeles.
liotnextio Port*.
EUREKA— Arrived July 3-Stmr North Fork,
hence July 1; schr Occidental, hence June 28.
saiiej July 3-Stmrs Navarro. South Coast ana
schr Jessie Minor, for San Francisco. „„,.„
COOS BAY- Arrived July 3-dtmr Arago, hence
July 1 ' 11 *'
USAL-Salled July 3-Stmr Newsboy, for San
Francisco. ' i, »__
ROOK PORT— Sailed July 3— Stmr Scotia, for
NEWPORT— July 3— Stmr Alcazar, frm
GREENWOOD— Arrived July 3— Stmr Green
wood, henc July 1. ■ _ . „,,
aiENDOCINO-Sailed July 3— Schr Bobolink,
for san Francisco. „■,",«> eh» vi-
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived July 3— Schr i-i
-norah. from Eureka. „ _ „__
REDONDO -sailed July 3— Schr San Buenaven
tura, for urays Harbor. _ c.h»
BOWENs" LANDlNG— Arrived July S— Scar
Newark, hence July 2. „ „ «/„..
BEAR HARBOR-Sailed July 3-Stmr West
por , for Port Los Angeles.
TACOMA— July 2— Ship Dashing Wave,
for •">»!! • rmifitco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived July 3— Schr La
Gironde, from Redondo. . . ■
ASTORlA— Arrived July 3— ship Maelgwyn,
trom Hamburg; bktn Portland, from Redondo
Sailed July :■<— Brsiiui Asloun. for Hongkong
and Yokohama: schr Eva, for San Francisco; stmr
Empire, for San Francisco.
Eastern Port*.
BALTIMORE-Cleared July Ship Geo Stet
-1 son, for San Francisco. , ' , .
Repairs to the bark Edward May completed, ana
will Droceed to-day.
Movements of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— July 3— Stmr Norman
nia, 'rom Hamburg. L. __
GENOA— Arrived out July 3-Stmr Kaiser WU
helm 11. ,
HAMBURG— Arrived out July 3— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed July 3— Stmr August*
Victoria.
START POlNT— Passed July 8-Btmr Frlesland
from New York, for Antwerp.
DUN NET HEAD-Pas»eil July 3-Stmr Thing
valla, from New York, for Stettin.
Importation*.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— s hf-kegs 127 bxs but
ter, 1 chest, berries, 2 rolls leather, 1 bale blankets.
865 M shingles, 2 M shakes. 2 bbls mineral water,
10 sks peas, 1 cs merchandise, 1 bx fruit, 1 shaft,
80 M ft lumber, 1 bbl wine, 9 pkgs express, 1 stc
coin.
E R and Elt R— ls tubs 4 kegs 363 bxs butter, 1
pkg tree* and poles, 1 bx furs, 1 iron wheel, 5 bbls
cider, 10 cs elder, 3cs mdse, 1 bx injectors, 1 keg
meats. 1 pks 10 ha ceo.
Buruells— loo sks wool.
Junction— 42 .sks wool.
Oon«lfne*4,
Per Pomona— Brigham, Hoppe <fc Co; Chas Bach!
Dodge. Sweeney & Co ; Dairymen's Union Dr S
Long; FBHaiglH: Enterprise Brewery; Hibernla
Brewery ;G W Fletcher; Humboldt Mm Water Co:
Wieland Brewing Co. FMarccusen: JRHanify:
Marshall, Teggart & Co: Norton. Teller A Co ; OS
Brewery : Standard Oil Co : Wheaton, Breon & Co :
Wolf & Son: Wells, Fargo A Co: Ross A Hewlett:
Baker& Hamilton; C E Whitney & Co: Hills Bros:
Hilmer, Bredhoff A Schulz: Gelz Bros A Co: Scott
Van Arsdale Lumber Co: Russ, Sanders A Co:
Wltzel & Baker; Wellman, Peck <»: Ci : Mahoney
Bros ; O B Smith ACo Tillmann & Bendel; Labor
Exchange; Hulme A Hart; shoobert, Beale A Co;
Thos Dengan, Son A Co: Washington Brewery;
T.ios Taylor: Williams <& Orton: H Llebes A Co:
Kolb A benhard; Indianapolis Furniture Co; Pao
Butchers' Supply Co; Parke A Lacy.
For Txitf Shipping Inte.lligencr Sre Fifteenth Page.
OCEAH STEAMSHIPS:
O. 3Rf-- o _c«3 3NT-
ASTORIA ANiPOmAE
y $2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails Juno 27, July 7, 17 and 2?
State of California 5ai15.. ....:. July 2, 12 and Si
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. IC
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Snpts.
. . F. if. UOBMOB. General Agent,
.'■■•■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
—
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3ET"±arat: d.eimm ttJO.OO
Second Class — 55.00
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PEBKIX.s"<t CO..
• . ■ General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM A»a
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as <SJOaM»
follows: . •■ • .'.... " L
For Mary Island. Ix)rln«, WranjreL Juneau, Kll-
Hsnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at A . it, July 3, 13,
18. 28.- An?: -a 12, z'l. .'•'•■'
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Toiro.
send, SeatUe, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellinrnam Lay, Wash.). 9 a. ic
July 3. i. 13. IH, ->3. 28. ana every fifed
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. It. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. H.
at Seattle with Q. N. Ry., as Port Townsend wltti
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hun>
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. it., .11117 5. 8. 12L
16 20. 24, 2 s and every fourth day thereafter.
' For Banta Cruz, Monte.-ey. San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Sant»
Barbara. Ventura. Uueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., JIIIS
2, o. ju. ii. Ik, 22. 2b. 30 and every lourcn day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Leu
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, II
a. m.. -inly ■■• o. 12. 1 .. 20, -_4, 2* aal ever*
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pas. Altai* and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba.
10 a. it, .in y itKua23tllof tMOii :iioiiin thereafter.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. \ *
UOODALL, PERKINS <& CO., Gen'l Agents.
• 10 Market st. San Franclsoo.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, _t-_ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI by
• AUSTRALIA. %J? S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur- '
day, July 11, at 10 a. it Sneciai party rates,
S. 8. MA :ipii sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July a?
at 2f. m ■ **
Line to COOLGARDIK, Aust-,and CAPETOWN
South Africa. *^
J. D. SPRECKELS <» BROS. CO.. Airt*
114 Montgomery it.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco!
COffIPAGSIEGESERALTRASSATLMTI(|DB
Frencri Lln«» to Harr»
pOMPANY'S PIER ( NKW), 42 NORTH am
V^' River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by <f4£incMf
this line avoid both transit by English railway"*?!
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yon to Alexandria. Kgypc, via ParU?
first-class $100: second-class. *.i la ;
I.A TOURAINE. CapU Santelll.. . May 218 i.it
LA NORMANDIE.... m*v ••$ H 2"
LA GASCOGNE.. June '"a 7 M^.
la nor .1 axdik:..:".:.:... "  j u ? v "4 L * Jr
LA OA6OOONB ...:....". 'July Js 11 1 5"
LA NOHMANDIE. ■" Au/us S £
LAEOI-RCOOXE. ° n , Pt - J>^nt,J™l 71 £
SBr For further cartlcalars apply to •
No. ,Hf A. FORGE r. Agent.
1 ~ pttoatt \ ?.^ in « °reen, New York.
Jenuksan^r^cfaci 0 - MOntgome^
gß^rn-K HAMBURG-AMERICA! LIJS
g^^^^^^S TWIN-SCREW EXPRE33
t>, '"' *■ ■ ' • *^~ ' Line from New York to
Plymouth (London). Cherbourg. Paris A Hamburg
Normannia. ......July {) i j.-. Bismarck.... July 2;-*
f'ryK^Sn-'-i' 1117 xti ' N*ormaanla....Aag»»t6
pi vVfAV^,?" 1 upward; 11. Cud., $60 and unward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of charge/
by special train; CHERBOURG-PARIS. 6% h.
or passage apply Hambi;ro-Am ekican JLihb,
37 Broadway, N. \., or to KAHN A HERZOQL
Agents. 401 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ROYAL MAIL STEAS_PACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL ' j&*a^
fortnightly for the West Indies and /S £Sstm
Southampton, ■ calling en route at C Tbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co.. issued for freight and tres*.
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
• I Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
Class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
 PARKQTT <fc CO., Agents,
306 California si.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
V®^ v S.f r ler No. 3, Washington St«
rAt 6 P.M. I>ally. ireighi received un
. _____ ■•■'. to .i:3O P. M. . v 9
**" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
T. C. Walker. STEAMERS: P«.t»-.
Mary Garratt', : Cit? of Itoc'kton .
Telephone Main 805. Cat! Nay, and Impu 60'
fALLEJi), ARi; iSL M, BtmiA. PORf
. COSTA AID IROIKHT.
f>*n» m^ STK « MONTICELtO,
D rS t /i Ce 1 ? t:S , aturda y and Sunday-10:30 *. m
and 4 f. St. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. jc. 3:3OVV,*
lAndlns, Uiaaiea 1. Piwa*REVENGE FOR HIS
LOST WHISKERS,
Attorney Langan Alleged
to Have Bared Adam
May's Chin.
HE DENIES THE CHARGE
The Affair Happened Under Con
ditions Not Favorable to
Friendship.
THE SUFFERER'S GREAT WRATH
Lively Times at Haywards While
a "Celebration" Was in
Progress.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 3. f
Justice Pimental of Haywards called a
case this morning that is being watched
with great interest by the whole neighbor
hood.
The cases belli is a handful of whiskers,
Adam May, One of Haywards' Respected Citizens, Who Charges Attorney
Langan With Removing His Missing Whiskers.
and when the trial comes off they will
figure as "exhibit A. plaintiff." Some
weeks ago they adorned- the chin of Aaam
May, one of Hiy wards' most prominent
and respected merchants.
George S. Langan, one of the most re
spected and prominent attorneys in the
county, figures as the defendant in the
suit, and he is charged by the people of
the State of California with disturbing
tneir peace and dignity by detaching the
said whiskers from the lower portion of
Mr. May's face.
There is a remarkable feature to the
case. Mr. May and Mr. Langan are firm
iriends under certain conditions. They
Lave lived in Haywards and have re
soected each other for many years. Nei
ther would harm one hair of the other's
head, and the present unpleasant affair
would never have occurred had the "cer
tain conditions" referred to prevailed on
the unlucky day when the whiskers left
Mr. May's face.
On the day in question there was a cele
bration at Haywards, and con equently it
was an "off" day, and several prominent
citizens were like the day. Whether the
principals in the suit that is now interest
ing all Haywards were of that number or
not will be developed at the trial.
Another peculiar feature of the case is
that Mr. Lankan does not remember the
whisker-pullinjr, and consequently "on in
formation and belief" he denies that he is
responsible for the bare place on Mr. May's
ci.in. He is certain that "under certain
conditions" he would never have put a
hand on his friend May, much less on bis
whiskers.
• Attorney Langan has, it is said, an in
terest- in a place of business at Hay wards
at present run by Messrs. McCall &
Some time ago there was an opportunity
for Mr. Langan to make a deal with the
place, but just before it was consummated
Mr. May stepped in, and the deal had to
be declared off.
"Recognizing that all is fair in love and
real estate deals Mr. Langan does not ap
pear to remember how he was treated
By his friend May, except under cer
tain conditions." These conditions pre
vailed when the whisker episode occurred,
and the memories of both men were sud
denly refresned. Then something hap
pened, but nobody seems to know just
wnat or how.
All that is known is that Mr. May lost
tome whiskers and swore to a complaint
charging Mr. Langan with transplanting
them. Mr. Langan has been called the
"Billy Foote of Haywards" on account of
his aggressive persistency in the court
room, and he frequen-tly arouses marked
interest daring the progress of a casein
which he is an attorney. Now that he is
both attorney and defendant something
special is expected. The case was con
tinued this morning and will probably be
tried next week.
WERE AFTER DRINKS.
Two WelJ-Known Young Men Who Were
Caught Kobbinc a Saloon.
OAKLAND; Cal., July 3— Officer Jaco-
I)ii9 captured two well-known young men
last night as they were going through a
saloon in East Oakland about midnight,
and took them to the City Prison, where
they were charged with burglary.
One of the offenders la William J. Goo
by, a promising young boxer, who has ap
peared in the contests ol the local clubs,
whiie the other is George Lamb, a cousin
of Thomas Lamb, the younj; fellow re
cently killed by Police Officer Lee Andrews
while trying to escape from custody. Lamb
was captured as he came out of the saloon
with several bottles of "wet goods" in his
arms, and Gooby was found a little later
under the back steps, where he had hidden
when he saw his partner captured.
FOR BETTER STREETS.
Mercantile Bodies to Work in Harmony
With tli.- Good Koadi Asso
ciation.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— An open j
j meeting of the Board of Trade was held
; last night to consider the problem of im
, proving the streets. M. K. Miller, City
| Street Superintendent, read an elaborate
paper, and after a discussion the following
resolutions were unanimously passed:
Wherkas, First— lt has been shown to our
satisfaction that streets rank first among fac- j
| tors affecting ihe growth, commerce and pros- |
[ perity of the city.
Second— That at the present time many of
1 our streets are badly worn and out of repair.
Third— That this is particularly the case
with East Twelfth and East Four
teenth streets and Telegraph avenue,
the streets which we recognize as the main
thoroughiares of the city, an.i which, on
account of the excessive travel thereon, should
in justice to the abutting property-owners be
reconstructed in part at the expense of the
city.
Fourth— That fund' must be raised to per
mit ol the execution of these necessary im
provements, and that n tux-rate which com
pares favorably with the rates fixed by all the
leading cities in the State will provide more
than sufficient money for the proposed work;
therefore, be it
Sesoiicd, First— That it is the sense of the
Oakland Board of Trade, Merchants' Exchange
I and Good Roads' Association that the imme
diate improvement of our streets generally is
uecessary to suDserve the best interests of our
ci tv*
Second— That the City Council should im
mediately require the property-owners to re
macadaniize ihe worn-out streets.
; Third— That, on account of their great com
mercial importance to the city, the main
I thoroughfares should be immediately recon
structed on modern and permanent lines.
Fourth— That the adoption by the city of a
definite policy for future repairs and main
; tenance is now absolutely necessary to pre
serve existing improvements, and to eucour
i age property-owners to remacadamize worn-out
! streets.
j Fifth— That we favor and recommend to the
City Council a tax rate for this fiscal year
which will be sufficient to provide for the
execution of all ordinary repairs on all streets,
and half the cost of the reconstruction of the
main thoroughfares through East Oakland, in
addition to the usual expanse of the city gov
ernment, and that a special fund for that pur
pose be established.
The following committee was appointed
i to present the resolutions to the City Coun
! oil. John A. Britton and S*th Mann of
the Good Road 9 Association. President W.
V. Witcher and George Roeth of the
Merchants' Exchange and President J. P.
Taylor and M. J. Keller of the Board of
Trade.
Taking Time by the Forelock.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— The Oakland
! Water Company is not anxious for a repe
j tltion of the "demonstration" made on
| their main pipe at Alvarado last Fourth of
: Juiy. On that occasion, a section of pipe
was blown up at Alvarado, where it crossed
| the marsh, and the salt water got into the
| main and caused much trouble and un
i pleasantness. To-day President Dargie
employed twenty men to patrol along the
line of the trestle to protect against a simi
lar piece of vandalism.
Reads Like a Conundrum.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— The San Le
j andro Standard to-day contains the fol
lowing:
A Chinese merchant of San Lorenzo recently
{ had a two-story building erected, to be used as
: a store and, presumably, opium "joint." The
i building was located on a prominent street,
■ and was near the church and public hall.
Much dissatisfaction whs felt over the matter
; by the white residents of San I<orenzo, and
j when, on Wednesday night, it burned to the
I ground not much surprise was manifested.
I The Chinese merchant will probably select a
new site the next time he builds.
Was Not Insane.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— L. Casemino,
the Italian who it was alleged in an in
sane moment attempted to tire Pieasan
ton, was acquitted of the charge of in
sanity by Judge Frick and Drs. J. H.
Dunn and B. A. Rabe. No witness ap
peared against him.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 3. j
The Acme Club boxing tournament was this
evening postponed until Wednesday at
I 8 :30 P. X.
Colonel Clemishire will allow the divorce
] case recently filed by his wile, Rosalie, to go
| by default.
The Supervisors are going to be among the
I guests at the laying of the cornerstone of the
' Stoat monument at Monterey on Tuesday next.
George L. Montserrat was arrested thii after
noon on a warrant from San Francisco charc
l ing him with failing to provide for his minor
' child.
The Brooklyn Parlor of the Native Sons of
j the Golden west will hold an open installa
tion meeting in Harmony Hall, East Oakland,
I on July 14.
A San Francisco barber has Identified the
! man kilkd at the mole on Wednesday as
I named Stoltz, and not Chamberlain, as was at
first suppo-cU.
The Oakland, Haywards and San Leandro
electric line yesterday cut down the salaries of
the laborers from $1 75 to 81 50 a day. Two of
the hands left, but their places were quickly
filled.
The several colored lodges of San Francisco,
Oakland and towns surrounding the bay will
celebrate the Fourth of July at Trestle Glen.
They have provided for various amusements
I and plenty of refreshments.
A contract was filed between the California
j Development Company and llealey, Tlbbits &
I Co. by which the latter agree to construct
! withiu ninety days a wharf on the north side
of Oakland harbor, west from Fallon street.
The children of Mrs. Maria Hufferaine of
1354 Twelfth avenue, who was recently com
mit.e<i to the Insane asylum at Agnews, resent
the accusation that they are heartless children,
ashamed of their mother and taking this way
to be rid of her.
The free reading-rooms on San Pablo avenue,
East Twelfth street. Twenty-third avenue,
West Oakland and North Oakland are open
again to-day after a suspension of a month.
The former curators in charge of the rooms
will resume their places without change.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
A HOMEOPATH
GETS THE PLUM,
Dr. Mayon Deposed as
Health Officer of
Oakland.
DR. BRADLEY SUCCEEDS.
The Agony of the Other Officials
Prolonged Till Next
Meeting.
MAT BE A COMPLETE CHANGE.
The Ex-Officer Thinks He Might Have
Been Allowed to Finish
His Term.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,) I
908 Broadway, July 3. j
A homeopathic physician was elected by
ihe Board of Health to-night. It was the
first time that a member of the new school
has been installed in that position. The
meeting of the board was held just one
minute and a half, but it was a very inter
esting one and marked the partial culmi
nation of a plan to work a complete change
in the department.
A year ago Mayor Davie appointed two
homeopaths on the board, but Dr. Sarah
Shuey declined to vote for the Mayor's
candidate for secretary, and as none of the
holdover members would change, nothing
could be done till a week ago, when two
additional homeopaths were appointed.
The new members were Drs. Chamberlain
and Small, and, with Dr. Larkey, they
controlled the board.
To-day notices were sent out for a spe
cial meeting for the purpose of electing
officers. Dr. Shuey, the president of the
board, is out of the City, and Dr. Beck
with, the lone allopath, proposed that Dr.
Small be made temporary chairman.
It was very evident that the three
homeopaths had caucussed and prepared
a programme, for everything went like
clockwork. Dr. Chamberlain moved that
the office of Health Officer, at present held
by Dr. Mayon, be declared vacant. Dr.
Larkey seconded. Dr. Small put the
question, he merely asking for the "ayes,"
and declared tne vote. Dr. .Larkey re
minded him that there were others. "Oh,
I meant no slur," said Dr. Snail address
ing l>r. Beckwith. "I thought, perhaps,
you intended to spare my feelings," said
the allopath.
"I wish to propose for the office of
Health Officer a man known to us all— Dr.
E. W. Bradley," said Dr. Larkey. Dr.
Chamberlain seconded the nomination,
and by the three homeopathic votes Dr.
Bradley of that school was made Health
Officer.
There were several communications on
the table irom applicants who wished to
succeed Paul Schaffer, secretary, who has
filled the office for six years. Dr. Cham
berlain moved that having removed the
Chief officer enough had been done lor one
night, and that the communications be
j laid on the table. Tnis prevailed. The
; board then adjourned.
It is very evident that the board intends
; to make further changes as one of the ap
\ plications is from C. O. Alexander, tx
j Harbor Commissioner of San Francisco,
who is known to be Mayor Davie's candi
! date. Ed Finch and R." O. Whitehead are
! also anxious to succeed Scbaffer. Thp other
, places in the gift of the board are the in
; spector of nuisances and bis two assist-
I ants. Dr. Mayon'a retirement is not be-
Dr. E. W. Bradley, the Firsf Homeopathic Health Officer of Oakland.
cause of inefficiency, for his regime has
met with the most favorable criticism and
many wonder why he was not given an
opportunity to resign. The triumvirate,
however, decided otherwise.
Dr. Bradley is a homeopath, and since
1881 has practiced in Oakland. He first
opened an office at Thirteenth and Broad
way with his father, Dr. H. L. Bradley
but a year later moved to East Oakland. '
I Last year he was appointed by tho
I Mayor as a member of the Board of
! Health. His seat was contested, and
j through the opinion of the Attorney-Gen
i eral the case was never taken into court.
Dr. Bradley is a brother of Attorney Tom
; Bradley, and, with his wife and four
I children, lives at 618 East Fourteenth
street.
Health Officer Mayon, when spoken to
in regard to his removal, said he had no
criticism to make farther than that he
felt he ought to have been allowed to fin
ish out his term of two years. He did not
think it just right to remove him without
cause.
ENDEAVORERS TO PICNIC.
San Francisco and Alameda County
Unions to Go to Glenwood
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3. —The Alameda
end San Francisco County Christian En
deavorers will unite in a picnic at Glen
wood, Santa Cruz Mountains, to-morrow.
The indications are for a large attendance,
as there will be no celebration here.
The train leaves Fourteenth and Franklin
streets at 9:15 a. m. and starts to return at
7 p. M., giving seven hours in the moun
tains. Key. E. K. Dille of San Francisco
will give a patriotic address during the
afternoon.
JACKSON CROOKS' WILL.
Good-Sized Estate Left to His Widow
and Child.
OAKLAND. Cal., July 3.— The will of
Jackson G. Crooks was presented for pro
bate by W. H. Bias and J. J. Crooks. The
estate, which consists of a house and lot
in Oakland and an undivided one-ninth
interest in a large number of parcels of real
estate in the counties of Alameda, Contra
Costa, Marin, San Mateo and San Fran
cisco, estimated to be worth about $75,000,
is left to his widow and son.
The will was witnessed by Lieutenant-
Governor William T. Jeter, F. E. Morgan,
William H. Bias and John J. Crooks. The
widow is a daughter of Bias and is about
25. The son is an infant about a year old.
BRIGADIER KEPPEL.
Salvation Army and Its Friends to Pic-
Nic at Beulah Park.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— There will be
a grand reunion of the San Francisco,
Oakland and Alameda corps, of the Salva
tion Army at Beulah Park to-morrow.
There will be meetings at 11 a. m. and 3
p. M. Brigadier and Mrs. Keppel, assisted
by a large staff of officers,- will have com
mand of the "Hallelujah Jollification."
PROPERTY OF THE STATE
Steam and Electric Roads and
Part of the Long
Wharf
Are Sold Owing to Delicquency in
the Payment of State and
County Taxes.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,!
COS Broadway, July 3. )
The County Tax Collector to-day at 11
o'clock officially declared, in conformity
with the law, all property upon which
State and County taxes remain unpaid
sold to the State. Tms act takes the place
of the former delinquent tax sale, where
property upon which taxes had not been
paid was sold to tax scarps, who would
cinch the property-owner upon redemp
tion. The total amount of the delinquent
tax upon property sold nas not yet been
Loured ud, but it is quite large.
The property of the Consolidated Pied
mont Cable Company was among that
which passed to the State. The Piedmont
and Mountain View Railway, which has
succeeded to the ownership oi the plant of
the former road, was one of the corpora
tions which cont sted the assessment of
Danon'sand tendered the tax as named
by the Supervisors sittiug as a County
Board of Equalization. This action was
declared invalid later by the Superior
Court, and an appeal is now pending.
A suit was filed yesterday and a tempo
rary restraining order issued against the
Tux Collector contingent upon the tiling
of a bond, but at the hour of the sale no
bond bad been filed.
The assessment of the California and
Nevada narrow-gauge road from Emery
ville into Contra Costa County was allowed
to become delinquent. Five and a half
miles of the road, valued at $22,000 by the
State Board of Equalization, was sold, be
ing a gain of $7 14 tor each |school dis
trict. The entire length of the road is
twenty-three miles, assessed at $92,000.
The road at present is in the hands of a
receiver during a cor. test between the va
rious bondholders. One o. these suits will
come up next week in San Francisco.when
it may be decided who is the proper party
to pay the taxess.
Tne State secured certain property from
the Southern Pacific Company, upon
which it is claimed there is a double as
sessment, one by the County Assessor and
the otuer by the State Board of Equaliza
tion. Among this was 8000 feet of Long
wharf. The tax on this was $3319 25. Also
iorty miles of side tracks and switches,
which it is claimed were not assessed by
the State Board of Equalization, the
Seventh-street franchise and track and
other personal property. The Mount
Eden Cnion Church, with a quarter of an
acie of land on the county road, near the
I lands of Mobr, Whisbye & Penke, were
sold to the State for %7 53.
There were 3270 acres of oyster-beds
taken by the State, which it is believed
will furnish the officials with all the
i bivalves they need.
The Piedmont and Mountain View
i Railroad Company paid $2401 89 taxes to
City Treasurer Giipin after the sale of de
| linquent property began under protest and
I thus saved it being sold. The protest was
| against the valuation placed on the road
| and franchise.
The sale of the Southern Pacific Rail
road for delinquencies footing up to
! $736*3 75 was withdrawn on the written
i order of Auditor Snow, who believes the
| city would suffer by such a sale. It covers
; their tax on the Seventh-street local, the
tracks at Long wharf and the railroad
yards, which the company claims were
assessed twice.
Tbe Tax Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.~The matter
of tho assessment of the Pacific Postal
Telegraph-Cable Company and tbe right
of the Assessor to seize the personal prop
erty of the company to satisfy a lien was
raised to-day upon the discussion of the
demurrers to the complaint of the Postal
Company to compel the restoration of the
property seized, and to restrain the As
sessor from selling it.
The attorneys for the Assessor contended
that the allegation of an inequitable as
sessment was yet to be established, and
that the company bad its remedy in pay
ing the tax under protest and then appeal
ing to the County Board of Equalization.
In case the protest was sustained the over
charge would be rebated.
BAROTEAU WILL
LEAVE OAKLAND.
The Baron to Negotiate
His Title for an
Heiress.
EVERYTHING HAS GONE.
His Only Hope Is in a Matri
monial Alliance for
Revenue.
ACCEPTS HIS FOELORN STATE.
All His Schemes Have Enriched
Others, but Have Left Him
Alone and Poor.
Oakland Office Ran Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, July 3. j
Bereft of his wife by the action of a di
vorce court; without a vestige of his
former fortune; unremembered in the
Fourth Ward, where he once posed as a
Republican leader; forsaken by men who
are now profiting by his schemes, Baron
Alfred Baroteau has been forced to look
elsewhere for solace and comfort and inci
dentally coin.
At his age and with his record, which
contains much that is unenviable, but
more that is enviable, the lord of Chateau
Baroteau feels that it is indeed hard to be
financially embarrassed.
The Baron has brains — too many of
them. Had he but one-half and had he
used them for his own exclusive benefit
he would to-day be a rich man. But he
has used his gray matter to benefit others,
who now do not even call him a philan
thropist, but something else.
A few months ago the Baron organized
a scheme to go down and occupy a large
portion of Lower California. He com
menced to fit out an old bark and drew
down on himself the wrath of the Secre
tary of War, who instructed the Collector
of the Port to keep a sharp eye on the
Baron. The project was feasible, the deeds
to the land were good, but the Baron was
too loquacious and killed his own goose on
the eve of its laying a golden egg. It was
pitiable, too, for the Baron has need of all
the eggs he oan get now, and especially
golden ones.
"But I am not downed, "said the baron to
night. "I am overso, but I am still a good
looking fellow, and although many people
take me fora fool, I am not one. I have
a new scheme, and the only objection to it
is that it will take me out of Oakland and
that will disappoint my friends, who have
been eating my suDpers, drinuing my
wine and listening to my stories for so
many years.
"Of coure I am dead socially, politically
and financially, but I still own my mind
and it is safe from attachment. Now, I
have placed myself in communication
with a matrimonial bureau in Chicago. I
am informed that there are scores of
stupid old rich papas who would put up
anything to see their girls marry some
one with a title. No one can dispute my
claim to my title. It is recognized every
where but in France. The old Cnateau
Barsteau stands on a hill overlooking Mar
seilles Harbor, and it was there that my
ancesteors lived for many years.
"I have nothing to be ashamed of. I
have done the best I could and should
France again become a monarchy I should
recover my estate and Baron "Baroteau
would once more be a nobleman. What
American heiress would not be t>roud to
live at Chateau Baroteau? It is of course
hard to leave Oakland, but there is noth
ing more for me here and I must catch
somebody before I am too old."
The Baron is very determined and is in
earnest. For a time he was the Talbot
Clifton of Oakland, but his title, although
it gained him a wife with property, from
whom he has ju«t been divorced, has no
morn commercial value in Alameda
County.
A STARTLING STATEMENT
Leydecker Unfolds a Scheme
to Obtain Influence for
Delanoy.
F. N. Delanoy Denies the Whole
Thing — a Peculiar Sentence
Passed by Judge Swasey.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 3.— After Trus
tee Clark had given his evidence last
Wednesday afternoon in the Fleming in
junction case against the City Trustees
Judge Frick announced that he wished no
further evidence tendered, as it would
only be cumulative. Trustee Leydecker,
who was in attendance, was therefore not
called to the witness-stand.
By Trustee Leydecker's statements it
would appear that F. N. Delanoy is the
party who is charged with offering contin
gent political preferment.
Trustee Leydecker does not mince mat
ters. He says Delanoy came to his place
of business in Sun Francisco before he,
Delanoy, had taken the stand. While
there he asked Leydecker to stand in with
them. When asked who the "them" was
Leydecker says he replied: ''Come in
with us on this electric-light proposition.
Now I will tell you. We have $150,000 to
$200,000 at the back of us. Your political
ambition is to be a Supervisor of Alameda
County. 1 can get it for you. I, me
(tapping his own breast). I have the
political influence in Oakland to get it for
you. We want your support. I have
seen Hammond and Fletter and they are
all right. Now all we want is you and it
will be all right."
Mr. Leydecker saw Trustees Hammond
and Flitter that evening and they denied
ever seeing Delanoy on the matter.
Delanoy was seen this evening and he
emphatically denies all Mr. Leydecker
says.
"I have no wish to enter into any con
troversy. I was down East street one day,
and as I was thirsty I entered the tirst
saloon I saw. It happened to be Mr. Ley
decker's. 1 never said anything about our
concern having $150,000 at the back of it,
nor did I tell him I had influence to get
him appointed as County Supervisor. I
have not enough influence to get him ap
pointed poundmaßter. Leydecfcer's state
ments are too t;auzy. What did I want
him to stand in with us on? If it was
true, why did he not get me to repeat my
statements in front of witnesses. My idea
of putting up an electric light plant was
not conceived until after I had been on the
witness stand, four months ago, and testi
fied that I bad nothing to do with the
Fleming suit. My opinion is that all this
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
talk and blackguarding 1 am getting by
the Municipal League is to try and in
fluence Judge Frick in his decisions."
Losing No Time.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 3.— The will of
the late Andrew Mathison, who died June
30, was filed for probate this afternoon.
Mrs. Ryer, at whose home the deceased
died, is made sole devisee of property
estimated to be worth $7500. This includes
five lots and a magnificent residence on
Buena Vista avenue and $265 in cash on
deposit in the California Bank. The real
estate was deeded to Mrs. Ryer at various
times before Mathison's death.
Company G.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 3.— Company G
had a full muster iast night, when the fol
lowing officers were chosen : First ser
geant, Charles M. Day; sergeant, E. Mc-
Donald; quartermaster, J. H. Wickett;
corporals, J. Moffitt, J. A. Muller and
Charles E. Pickett. The company wiil
take part in the parade in San Francisco
on Saturday.
A Peculiar Sentence.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 3. — A man
named George Norman was arrested last
night at the West End for disturbing the
peace. To-day he was sentenced by Jus
tice Swasey to pay a fine of $3 or serve
three days in the County Jail. Tbough he
was given until to-morrow to rind the
money, he was taken over to the County
Jail this afternoon.
Woman Suffrage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July 3.— The auxil
iary of the Woman Suffrage Association
held a business meeting this afternoon in
G. A. E. Hall.
On Monday afternoon the Political
Equality Club" will meet in the grounds of
Judge A. Waymire, Buena Vista aveuue.
A NOVEL FIELD DAY.
Women Athletes Will Compete— A
Broken Wagon Ordi
nance.
LORIN, Cal., July 3.— The Oriole Ath
letic Clnb of Lorin will hold a field day at
Lorin to-morrow morning. The entry list
L. E. White, the Mendocino lumber King Who Died Last Wednesday.
is a large one and is made up of represen
tatives from both the sexes, events having
been opened for young ladies and married
women.
A track has been c onstructed at the cor
ner oi Clay and Main streets. Running,
bicycle races, hurdling, jumping, pole
vaulting, baseball playing and other ath
letic exercises will be the order of the day.
Prizes to the amount of $50 will be
awarded.
Violated the Wagon Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 3.— Two arrests
were m;tde yesterday for violation of the
wagon license section of the new license
ordinance. M. Silverstem of Oakland was
fined $5 by Justice James and Jacob
Schmitt was sent to jail lor two and one
half days for non-observance of the ordi
nance. Since January 1 the officers of
Berkeley have collected over $1000 in
wagon licenses.
Berkeley Gleanings.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 3.— Professors
Hileard, Wickson, Woodworth and In
structor Hayner will lecture next week
before the Farmers' summer school, to be
held next week at Camp Roach*, Santa
Cruz County.
A large number of Berkeley Christian
Endeavorers will leave to-morrow for Glen
wood to attend the big Christian Endeavor
picnic to be held there.
Miss Ethel Chamberlain of Charming
way is studying for the stage with the
purpose of joining Maud Winter upon her
return from the East next season.
Professor George Mooar is expected to
officiate in the North Berkeley Congre
gational Church next Sunday evening in
place of the pastor, Rev. J. Clarke Kob
bins.
By order of Sheriff White the furniture
of Bates' gymnasium school is being re
movv d to Oakland, pending the insolvency
proceedings of Bates.
Rev. Lyman E. Hood, acting pastor of
the Shattuck-avenue M. E, Church, will
ocenpy the pulpit of the Rev. George B.
Hatch next Sunday.
At the last meeting of the officers of the
West Berkeley Presbyterian Church the
Rev. James Hunter, the present pastor,
was re-elected for another year.
Al To bin, the champion handball-player
of Berkeley, will play the champion of San
Francisco to-morrow for $300 a side.
Firemen will be on guard all day to
morrow at the various firehouses in Berke
ley.
» •—•• — •
Want More Police.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— Chief Lloyd
of the Police Department is very anxious
to have sufficient appropriation for an in
crease of officers. Oakland now has one
officer for each 1200 inhabitants, he says,
while other cities have one officer for
every 300. Besides the city is left un
guarded from 4 to 6 o'clock every day of
the year. He says there are petty thefts
going on all the time that cannot oe
I stopped by so few officers.
Fruitvale Blaze*.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— The over
turning of a lamp in the house of A. F.
Marteli, 674 East Thirty-third street.
Fruitvale, last night shortly after 11
o'clock, resulted in its total destruction.
It was occupied by Eugene Le Brett, who
has been ill for several weeks. All escaped
without injury. The Fruitvale Volunteer
Fire Department did efficient service in
saving the cottages on either side.
One Old Soldier Less.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— Charles A.
Kimball. a member of Lyon Post, No. 8,
G. A. R., died this morning at his resi
dence on Fifth avenue. ■ The deceased
served through the war in Company B,
First Wisconsin Artillery. The funeral
will take place from his late home on Sun
day afternoon, and all old soldiers are in
vited to attend.
Mount Kden Celebration.
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., July 3.— There
will be a celebration here to-morrow in
honor of the Nation's birthday. Henry
Peterman is the chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements. In the evening
there will be a grand ball as a close to the
festivities.
DEATH CAME SUDDENLY,
L. E. White's Demise a Sur
prise to His Many
Friends.
A Man Universally Esteemed by a
Large Circle of Acquaint
ances.
BERKELEY, Cal., July 3.— The death
of L. E. White, the "Mendocino lumber
king," who expired at Cazadero on .a&t
Wednesday, has come as a gre;it shock not
only to the men with whom he was
directly associated for so many years, bnt
also to the business circles of the State at
large. He was one of those broad-minded
men whose influence upon his associates
was inspiring in the extreme, and whose
business integrity brought admiration
even from his enemies.
Both at the fireside and in the activity
of a bustling business life he possessed a
meekness and equanimity of nature which
engendered the highest respect of every
one. While he was a man of much wealth
and influence and moved in the highest
circles of society he did not forget those
who were at the bottom of the ladder
when he was there, but who had not been
so fortunate in its ascent and in the
accumulation of this world's goods.
He came to California from Massachu
setts in June, 1849, crossing the plains in a
canvas-covered wagon.
Immediately upon reaching here he
went into the mining business, and subse
quently into the lumber trade, which left
him at his death a millionaire.
He was perhaps as well known to the
lumber-dealers of the State as any other
I man, and by his uprightness and business
integrity seems to have well earned for
himself the name of the "Lumber King."
For the iast years of his life he had been
a constant sufferer from a varied compli
cation of diseases, and had been continu
ously under the care of a physician. He
went to Cazadero with his wife a few
weeks ago in the hope of improving, but
he gradually grew worse until he finally
succumbed."
He leaves a widow, Celia A. White, be
sides two children by his former wife —
Mrs. N. E. Stewart and William E. White.
He was also the brother of Mrs. J. 8.
Kirn ball of Seminary Pane and of Carl A.
White of Highland Park, East Oakland.
His son William has been largely conduct
ing his father's business for the past four
years. The estate of the "Lumber King"
is estimated at something like $1,000,000,
most of which is invested in lumber for
ests in Mendocino County. He also owned
considerable real estate in San Francisco
and Berkeley, as well as small properties
in various other sections of the State.
He had been a resident of Berkeley six
years immediately prior to his death. He
left his entire estate to his wife and chil
dren.
The funeral will take place next Sunday
afternoon at 2 o'clock from his late resi
dence on Ward and Ellsworth streets.
The ceremony will be performed by Rev.
George E. Swan of the Berkeley Episco
pal Church. The interment will be pri
vate.
The Hegcue Car.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— The gospel
car "Florence Crittenton," which is the
property of Charles N. Crittenton of res
cue fame and millionaire evangelist, is in
Oakland, and will remain here while he
holds a revival in Dr. Dille's church in San
Francisco. The party that occupies this
home on wheels is composed of Mr. Crit
tenton, C. 8- Morton, Joseph Carpenter,
Frank Wallace and C. Green.
Verdict of Murder.
OAKLAND, Cal., July 3.— Dr. Porter,
who held an autopsy upon the remains of
the infant found in the cave out on the
Cluremont road, at the inquest testi
fied that it had been alive after birth and
died from strangulation. The jury re
turned a verdictof murder by an unknown
person.
From Rubber Overshoes.
Don't throw away your worn-out rub
bers. A strip cut from one of them and
wound around a penholder will relievo
writer's cramp.
Narrow strips nailed on the door casing
will prevent many a nerve-wrecking slam
or they will do as weather strips.
Sharp ends of rockers do no harm with
a tip of dark rubber, and heavy picture
frames do not mar the walls with a fold of
the same rubber shoe tacked on the edge
which touches the wall.
Neat waterproof mats on which to set
flower vases are made with pinked edges.
Knee protectors for the small boy may
be made from an old pair of rubbers, and
serviceable sponge- holders for the bath
room are also made from these discarded
shoes.
When cold weather makes iron danger
ous to touch the iron pump-handle may
have a rubber holder attached, and the
Kitchen cook-book may have corners for
the binding made from the same rubber.
It is said that all the burglars' "jim
mies" in London are made by one man,
who is well known to the police, but can
not be arrested, as his work is not con
trary to law. Besides, it is very conven
ient to be able to trace his customers.
S |f igi DISEASES
Hi HI SWAYNE'S
ABSOLUTELY CtrEEB. OINTMENT
*»c fimple application of " Swim*! OnrrmuT" wiUioitt
any Internal medicine, will enre in oue of Tetter, Salt
Bbenm. Ringworm. PtlM.lteb.Sorsi.PiDplM.SrysipelM^a,
bo matter how obstinate or lone tUadinf . B*M by drnnbta.
; or (cut by man ft>r 50 et». J Boxee, Jl.lS, , XiAimm, Da.
: egAtn*B<>»,fitiaii.irti«,r», Attyßudfiaj^totb
S, Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
|625 KEABSY .ST. Established
Hir'n" 1 I*s-* for the treatment of Private
HL^fcfcSW Diseases, Lost Manhood. ; Debility or
9R » disease wearing on bodyand mlndand
*_JJB fin Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
JH others fall.- Try him. Charges low
3aCnre««rnarantr«>d. Call or write.
Sir. J. F. oIKUO>. Box 1937. San nujciac*.
1314
RUSHING WORK ON
UNION MARKET,
A Modern Structure to
Stand on Powell
Street.
ALL READY IN OCTOBER.
Old Buildings Are Torn Down
and the Lot Is Nearly
Graded.
THREE STORIES OF BRICK.
How the Building Will Look When
the Contractors Have
Finished.
The erection of t!:e new Union Square
Market on Powell street, north of O'Far
rell, is being rushed as fast as labor and
capital will permit, and will, it is expected.
THE POWELL-STREET FRONT OF THE. UNION SQUARE MARKET.
be completed and occupied by the new |
tenants about the Ist of October.
The old dwelliug-houses and stores have
been torn down, and seventy teams and
100 men are now busily employed in the
grading of the lot. This task will be fin
ished by the middle of this month, when |
the brick work upon the building will be
begun and hurried on to completion.
The structure will be a three-story brick,
with an elevation of fifty-nine feet above
the level of the street. The front of the !
first story will be constructed entirely of j
plate glass and iron, and in the second !
and third stories the windows will also be i
of plate gla-s. The entire front of buff
Roman brick, with cream terra cotta trim
mings and an ■ rnameinal terra cotta cor
nice, surmounted by Spanish tile, will
present a solid and handsome appearance.
George D. Toy, the owner, is determined
to spare neither pains nor expense to
please the tenants of this modern market,
and they, in their turn, are delighted with
the idea of a better location, a long lease
and an improved business.
YOUNG LADIES' INSTITUTE
The Grand Body of the Order Will
Convene in This City on
Tuesday Next.
The Dlegates From Various Sections
Wi 1 Have to Pass on Proposed
Amendment to the Constitution.
Next Tuesday the eighth Grand Council
of the Young Ladies' Institute will con
vene in this City and remain in session
until the following Saturday.
The sessions will be held daily in the
hall of the Younp Men's Institute, corner
of Tenth and Market streets, from 9
o'clock in the morning until 5 in the after
noon. Each evening will be devoted to the
entertainment of delegates.
The Grand Council will have brought
before it a numbers of matters that will be
of considerable importance to members of
the order. A number of amendments to
the constitution have been submitted, and
•will be presented for action by the dele
gates.
The grand officers of the council are:
Past grand presidents, Mrs. D. F. Ragan
and E. M. Comyns; grand president, M.
I. Wynne; grand first vice-president, S.
A. Grote; second vice-president, Anna
Mason; grand treasurer, W. F. Corning;
grand secretary, Miss Josie T. Molloy;
grand marshal, Anna M. Powers; grand
inside sentinel, M. E, Grote; grand out
side sentiuei. If. Plynn; grand directors —
A. M. Potthoff, M. C. Nagle, If. E. Grote,
M. Flynn, M. C. Callaghan, M. Sullivan,
M. McManus, N. Winters, L. Terry, Mrs.
Richardson and Belle G. Boyd.
The following is a list of the various
branches of the institute and of the dele
gates and alternates:
No. 1, San Francisco —K. Conklin, Mrs.
Sweeney, K. Fitzpatrick, M. Degan; alter
nutes—MayMonahan, G. Carroll, M. Ryan, Mrs.
W. Deegan.
No. 2, San Francises— X. Desmond, M. Dono
van ; alternates — Mrs. Carfield, A. Powers.
. No. 3, San Francisco— Mary Leahy, alter
nate Anna Daley.
No. 4. t au Francisco— Mary Gallagher, alter
nate Mrs. J. Cain.
No. 5, Grass Valley— Nellie Kevin, alternate
Lizzie Rogers.
No. 7, San Francisco— Mrs. W. Greany, al
ternate M. istein.
No. 13. Vallejo — Mary Walsh, alternate
Mary Brough.
Xo. 15, Oakland— M. Kenelly, alternate K.
McKiernan.
No. 16, Ban Francisco— Annie Travers, alter- I
jmte Kittie Greany.
No. 17, Sacramento— Mrs. J. \V. Willen, alter
nate Maggie Halliuan.
No. 20, San Francisco — Mrs. M. Kaunitz, alter
nate Mrs. Lena O'Donnell.
No. SI, Eureka— Maggie Nichols, alternate
Mnggle Fitzgerald.
SO. 24, Oakland— Mrs. K. B. Doyle, alternate
Mamie Harrington.
No. 25, Watsonville— lda McAdam, alternate
M >■!■>• Hngan.
No. 26, Napa— Dolores Parker, alternate Mrs
M. Dauv-.-n.
7'7 ' Antioch-Mrs. T. Hills, alternate
Knte \\ agner.
No. 30, Carson, Nev.— Mrs. Madge Baycroft
aljeruait Macie Fanell.
No. 31, Virginia City, Nev.— Josie Tracy, »L
ternate Lena Phelin.
No. 32, San Jose— Eliza Higgins, alternate
Mrs. M. A. Ward. . _ w _
No. 33, Victoria, B. C— Mrs. C. J. Wilker,
alternate Mamie E. Dwyer.
No. 38, Portland, Or.— May Barrett, alternate
Katie Maloney. _
No. 41, Vancouver, Wash.— Lizzie Thomas,
alternate Kate Donuelly.
No. 42,Butte, Mont.— Mamie Nagle, alternate
Mollie Holland.
No. 44, Livermore— Mary Concunnon, alter
nate Grace McKeeney.
Durine the several days of the session
the San Francisco branches will entertain
the delegates from the interior and adjoin
ing country. These, with the San Fran
cisco delegates, represent 1530 members in
good standing. On Tuesday morning all
the delegates will attend bleb mass in St.
Mary's Cathedral, which will be celebrated
by the Very Jtev. Father Premiergast,
vicar general. They will then proceed to
the council ball. In the evening there
wil] be an informal reception by the dele
gates at ttieir headquarters in the St.
Nicholas Hotel. On Wednesday evening
all the delegates will be invited to visit
the hall of the Knights ef the Red Branch
on Mason street, where Branch No. 1 will
install its officers and there will be a fine
programme and refreshments. On Thurs
day evening a very fine entertainment,
musical aud literary, will be given in
Metropolitan riall, which will be free to
delegates to tne Grand Institute.
Others desiring tickets can obtain them
from the grand secretary, Miss Josie
T. Moiloy, in the Donohoe building. On
Friday evening there will be a grand
reception to the delegates in Native Sons'
Hall. On Sunday the delegates will visit
Camp Montgomery, which is located at
Aqua Caliente, where members of th,e
Leazue of the Cross are encamped.
The Young Ladies' Institute is composed
of Catholic ladies of the Pacific Slope and
at this time there are twenty-four branches
located in this State, Oregon, Washington,
Nevada and Montana, also in British
Columbia. The object of the institute is
| the promulgation of its motto, "Tne
I Golden Rule," and to endeavor to have
others join them in the cause of Catho
licity. The institute has also bene
ficiary features and social features as well.
The first steps toward the organization
were taken in 1887, and in a short time a
number of branches were oreanized. The
following year the first Grand Institute
was organized, with Miss Carrie Gallagher
as grand president. At the session of the
third Grand Institute Miss Josie T. Molloy
was chosen grand secretary and has been
re-elented at each subsequent, session.
This session will be a biennial session and
the young ludy will be a candidate for re
election. She graduated from !Notre Dame
Colle :e of this ciiy, and after that, for a
number of years, was a teacher in the St.
Rose Convent on Brannan street. She re-
signed her position there to assume the
dutie-i of prand secretrry. She is a charter
member of Branch Xo. 2.
RAUER'S MESSAGE.
How It Was Transmitted by the West
ern Union Telegraph Company.
The Western Union Telegraph Com
pany has been sued in the Justices'
courts by J. J. Raver. On November 4,
1895, Raver filed in the company's office
here a message reading thus:
To W. H. Ford, Nile*: Raver vs. Code set
positively Tuesday sth, 10 o'clock. Judge
Carroll. J. J. Racer.
• According to the papers in the case the
company sent the message in this form:
To W. H. Ford, Nile*: Raver vs. C. set posi
tively Tuesday sih, 1 o'clock, Judge Carroll.
J. J. Haver.
The plaintiff avers that Ford did not get
into court on time by reason ol the negli
gence of the Western Union Telegraph
Company, and by reason of not receiving
the notice that the case would be called at
10 a. m. sustained a loss of $150. Judgment
for this amount is asked.
TO JAIL WITH KUHLMAN,
The Effect of Judge Beatty's
Decision in His
Case.
The Ten Days Judge Wallace Gave
Him Must B> Served in
Prison.
Dr. Charles G. Kuhlman must remain
for ten days in jail to pay for the brief
privilege of refusing to be sworn as a wit
ness at the Coroner's inquest over the body
of Jens Sonderup.
The inquest was called on June 22, and
Dr. Kuhhuan was called to testify as to
the ailments of Sonderup previous to his
death, and relying on the decision of the
coort by which he was before set free— that
the Coroner's jury had been improperly
organized — be refused to be sworn at all.
Coroner Hawkins cited him for contempt,
and Judge Wallace sentenced him to ten
days' imprisonment. He appealed to the
Supreme Court on habeas corpus, and the
cause was set belore Chief Justice Beaity
in chambers.
The case came before the Chief Justice
yesterday, and after short arguments, the
Chief Justice wrote the following across
the back of the application for the writ:
On return to the writ issued herein, and
after hearing of the parties, my conclusion is
that the imprisonment of the petitioner is not
unlawful. It is, thgrerore, ordered that he be
remanded to the custody of the Sheriff of San
Praucisco, pursuant to the commitment a
copy of which is attached to the return
W. H. Bkattv, Chief Justice.
Dr. Kuhlnian will therefore celebrate his
Fourth of July behind prison bars.
Time for Fair's Children.
A stipulation was yesterday filed by the at
torneys iv the Fair will case, granting Theresa
A. Oeirichs, Virginia Fair and Charles L. Fair
until Augu3t 3 within which to prepare and
serve a bill of exceptions to the order d>nyine
the nioti.u that the probate of the will of Ser*
teinber 21, 1894, be declared off the calendar
The Josephs Case.
Pending the hearing of the suit of Charles J.
Josephs against Bridget Josephs for divorce
Judpe Slack has ordered thut*3s per month
alimony be paid the defendant: *"««»"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
BIG MATCH RACE TO-DAY
I
The Crack Pacers W. Wood and
Waldo J Will Once More
Try Conclusions.
INGLESIDE'S GREAT EVENT
General Interest Manifested in the
ResUit— An Immense Crowd Will
Witness the Contest.
This is the closing day of the trotting
and pacing meet at Ingleside, and the big
match for $2500 a side between W. Wood,
2:07, -the Oakwood stock farm's great geld
ing, and Waldo J., 2:08, the gray ghost
from Santa Paula, is the attraction, and
the affair is attracting widespread atten
tion among lovers of harness horses
throughout the State. Both horses are in
superb condition, and a barrel of coin will
be wagered on the result. In the East
great crowds flock to see the pacing
wonders, Joe Patchen and John R. Gentry,
and with propitious racing weather the
management expects to see the grand
stand and betting ring at Ingleside
crowded with lovers of the noble animal.
As on the preceding days of the week,
laaies will be admitted to the course with
out charge. Seldom are two horses so
evenly matched brought together on
the Pacific Slope, and an equine battle
should result that will go down in the
annals as one of the memorable contests
of the California turf.
James Mack, thu owner of Waldo J,
stated yesterday that the gray ghost is
not eligible to the 2:10 class, and tnat this
will probably be his only appearance in
this part of the State during the year. The
race will be te.«t two in threu heats.
As the programme is composed of four
well-filled events, the starters in the first
race will be calied out by Starting Judge
McNear at 1:30 o'clock.
Second only to tfie big match race is the
2:19 trot for a purse of $1000, with a field
of ten starters. Prince ira, 2:19^, the
crack Chico mare, Mamie Griffin, and <>il
patrick, the last Salinas horse, are among
the starters.
In the 2:35 pace, Sindwood, said to be
the most promising son of the Orange
County idol, bilk wood, will appear along
with other last ones.
The Butcher's race, best two-in-three
heats, will hardly prove a less greater at
traction than the professional trials of
speed. All the gentlemen entering horses
in the race are members of the Butchers'
Board of Trade, an' 1 that body, it is said,
will be out in full force.
The board ol appcais met yesterday, and
after hearing all of ihe testimony, exoner
ated J. R. Albertson from all blame in
connection wit the peculiar s>nowing oi
the horse iStrathmont some days ago, and
removed his two years' sentence of suts
pension. It was shown that Mr. Albert
son, who is not an experienced knight of
the sulky, was ill on me day ol the race,
and that the owners had demurred about
letting him drive. James Dustin also let
the owner of the green pacer off with a
$100 fee for his services in the sulky, in
stead of accepting halt ot his net win
nings.
Following ia a complete list of the en
tries :
SIXTH DAY— SATURDAY, JULY 4.
2:19 class, trotting, purse $lOOO— Los An
geles, br, g., entered by C. W. Rogers; SaDie
dale, b. m , San Mateo stock farm ; Charivari,
b. m., C. A. Hcg; Prince Ira, b. g., I. L. Rams
deil; Nutuood Wiik»s, eh. s.. D. B. S.epheu
son; Carrie C, b. m., D.J. McCarthy; Manic
Griffin, oik. m., I'ark Henshuw; Gllpatnck, b.
s., E. T. Breen; Helena, b. in., Pmo Alto .stock
farm; Electra, b. m., Santa Rosa stock larm.
2:35 class, pacing, purse $450— Gladys \V, s.
m., entered by Dr. M. Wright; Alto Genon. eh.
c., B. F. Langiord; Comet Wilkes, s. s., James
Sutherland; SmUwuod, bl. s., P.W.Hodges:
Adele, b. m., D. E Fortin.
Match race, $2500 a side, heats, 2 in 3— W.
Wood, b. g., entered by Oakwood Park stock
farm ; Waldo J, gr. g., James Macs.
Butchers' race, heats, 2 in. 3— How «fc Judge
enters br. h. Captain Harris; R. C. Schrader,
s. h. General; C. H. John.>on, gr. g. Dandy G
Fobs, b. g. Poio; James Hall, gr. h. silver
Button.
THE HOUR OF MIDNIGHT
And the Music in the Dives
Will Not Be
Hushed.
St. George's Club Denied the Privi
lege so Box in
Public.
Two weeks ago the Grand Jury fancied
that the moral atmosphere of San Fran
cisco would be purified if the dives were
closed at midnight. In order to effect the
closing an ordinance was recommended
directing that music should cease at mid
night in all dancehalls, saloons and other
establishments where liquor, was sold.
The ordinance was drawn with particular
care by the experts in District Attorney
Barnes' office, and was warranted to shut
off at midnight the music in the most
lascivious dives on the Barbary Coast. In
due time the order was transmitted to
the Board or Supervisors, introduced there
in proper form and referred to the Health
and Police Committee, Mr. Benjamin
chairman. :
Yesterday Supervisor Benjamin re
ceived a communication from the mana
gers of the Orpbeum, in which it was
shown that the ordinance might reach
high classes of evening amusement, and
its adoption would interfere with the Or
pheum and other places which highly re
spectable people patronize. The members
of the committee, after due reflection, de
cided to recommend the indefinite post
ponement of the order.
This ordinance was the particular pet
measure of E. E. Cheever, a Grand Army
man of the Grand Jury, and the fact that
it receives its death blow from Supervisor
Benjamin, a Grand Army man in the
Board of Supervisors, tends to excite ap
prehension of another war equal in inten
sity to the Lyon Post struggle.
The Health and Police Committee yes
terday decided to deny the request of the
St. George Club to hold an athletic and
boxing tournament at the Pavilion on or
about July 27. It is possible that the Si.
George promoters of boxing may get a
chance to show at a later date than that
mentioned, but now the committee re
gards it best to allow the National and
New Occidental clubs to have an inning.
♦ » m
FAIR'S TENANTS SUED.
Rent Demanded From Santome-Street
Firms by the Fair Will Kxecutors.
The promised suits against the tenants
of the Sansome-street Fair property were
filed in the County Clerk's office yesterday
J. S. Angus, T. G. Crothers and W. s!
Goodfellow, executors of James G. Fair's
will, are the plaintiffs, and have sued
Neu&tadter Bro.s. for $900, Mandel, Pursch
& Weiner for $500 and Cahn, Nlckelsberg
& Co. for $550, the July rent, which is now
due.
To Protect the Children.
Frank J. Kane, Superintendent of the
Youths' Directory, has applied for letters of
guardianship over Edward and Mary KeviU
minor children of Kate Kcvill, a ttissolute
woman, who 1b now confined in the County
Jftli*
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
/10 Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever}
night In the year. - . ..
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery str««t
corner Clay; open nntU 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I-arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«
id til 9 o'clock.
3618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES. ■ , ,
•^ss=" SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
*»-*' Episcopal Church, corner Hayes and Bu-
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haleht street. Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:45 p. m. Subject at 11 a. m.: "The
second Leaf of the Living Vine." followed
by communion. At . 7:45 p. M.. Professor
chner will lecture on "The Jewish Tab-
ernacle." using his matchless mode! in illustra-
tion. Patriotic cervices in the Sunday-school at
12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins superintendent: Ep-
worth League service at 6:30 p. m. The public
cordially Invited to all the services of this church.
Seats free. Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting
Wednesday evening at 7:15 o'clock.
SIIP HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH. BE-
U^-^tween Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— W. W. Case. D.D..
pastor; Martin Schultz, musical director; W. F.
Gibson, Sunday- school superintendent. The
special music to-morrow will consist of "Calvary."
a contralto solo, by Miss Helen Wilson in mornlufr
service. Hours of public services 11 a. m. and
7:45 p.m. Sunday-school at 12:30. Prayer-meet-
ing Wednesday evening. Epworth League 6:45
Sunday evening. Morning sermon by Rev. Dr.
W. B. Osborne, late of India. Evening subject:
"Great Women of the Century," suggested by the
death of Mrs. H. B. Stowe. Prelude: "Our Courts
In Disgrace." Telephone black 961. -
«|_3s=» CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
»-»' Church, Mission st., bet. Sixth and Sev-
enth—Rev. E. R. Dllle, D.D , pastor. The Gospel
Car Band (Messrs. Crlttendon, Carpenter and
Morton) and Harry Wallace, the gospel singer,
will conduct revival services In this church morn-
Ing and evening. Sunday-school 1 p. M. ■ Gospel
meeting at 3p. it At 6:30 Young People's rally.
The band will hold services In ibis church also
Monday and Tuesday at Sand 7:30 p. v. All In-
vited.
_Fs§i= FIRST UNITED PRESBYTERIAN
»-*' Church, Golden Gate aye. and Polk St.—
Rev. M. Gibson, D D., pastor. Services 11 a.m.
and 7:45 P. M. Young. People's services 6:45
p.m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Subject for morning: "The History of Revivals.
Have They Been a Benefit to the Chnrch?" For
the evening: '-Women as Preachers- Have We
Any Bible Authority for Such? Women's
Sphere." «ra'« free. Cordial welcome to all.
KOTICE-.or MEETINGS.
w^s* OFFICERS AND Mem' tsfisn~~
&»-*>' bers of the Grand Consistory,
32d D., State of California— An invi-(j| j_S| m
'.ion has been extended to '■BB__k___|)
the Masonic lratcrnily and Or«nd jU^-ljMtyia*
Lodge at the laying of . the corner- l!J . j pjj IB
stone of the bloat Monument at JWU
Monterey, Cal.. July 7, 1896, at 9:30 l~*~»l
o'clock a. m. Brethren who desire to attend are
requested to do so. Full regalia if sired.
CIiAF.LES L. J. W. PIERCE, 33d D., G. M.
If-gp CALIFORNIA LOIXJE, NO. **JUUII/ss»
t^- 5 " 1, I. O. O. F.-lnstallallon of^*3^:
Oillcers MONDAY EVKNING, July 6. : ==-'^SSS^^
W. C. RI EY, N. G. ' %ll\v^
O W. Pay walt. Recording Secretary.
3^s= GRKATEST ATHLETIC.
&-=» V gathering of the season: $3000 in 3S. Zkj?)
prizes. San Francisco Scottish Thistle >KkTC«
Club will hold their fourteenth annual *«=_?»
gathering and games atSuell Mound Park, SAT-
URDAY, July 4. A programme has been pre-
pared which has seldom. If ever, been excelled by
this or any club on the coast; valuable medals and
cash prlz°B for all the events: Scottish games and
Scottish dancing will be the main feature of the
gathering, Inter3p>r?ed with hornpipe, Irish reel
and jig contests; football, dribbling, obstruction
races, hurdle sack races, bicycle races, etc. ; High-
land pipers and a Highland welcome at Shell
Mound, July. 4. Buy tickets for Shell Mound.
Admission to park, adults, DO cents: children, 25
cents. . GAMES COMMI'IT— B.
jC_3=AN.VUAL MEETING (AIPROV- -rr\
w^* s^ ed Order of Ked Men's Hall Asso-^iZ^j.
elation of san Francisco.— he annual V?»
meeting of the holders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will D- held o.i MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post s'., toe the election a! a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSSELYN, President.
William J. Smith. Secretary.
s£^g=« THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
w- 6 ' stockholders of the Edison LJghtand Power
Company, for he election of directors for the en-
MiitiL- year and for the transaction of such other
business as may brought before the meeting,
will be held a the company's office, 229 Steven-
son st., San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 15th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
will close July 3, at sp. st Proxies must be riled
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
■ J. E. GREEN; Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. 
Sp^SP THE SECRETARY* OF TIfE~~SAN
**-*' Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives n tice that the following or-
phan and halt-orphan girls and boys have been
admitted to this institution from January 1, 1896,
to July 1, 1836: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
¥-. Kelly, 19 yrs.; Maud A. B oo lworth, 12 yrs.:
E ma G. Maas, 6 yrs.; Eveline Griswold, 6 yrs.:
Lovtna M. Korb. 11 yrs.: Llllie M. Bobbins, 11
yrs.: Eva L. Hobbins, »V.> yrs.: Alice U. Robblns.
8 yrs.; Mary Goetz, 9 yrs.; Mary J. Peterson. 10
yrs.; Bessie M. Peterson, 3yrs: Marlon Fi z,'er-
ald, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yrs.; William A.
Scott, 10 yrs.: Harry Clements, 12i' a yrs.: Clyde
Clements, 11 yrs.: Edwin Clements. 9vrs. : Charles
E. Korb, 10 yrs. : George A. Korb, 8 y rs. ; William
F. Korb, 7 yrs.: Philip Mahhas, 10 yrs.. Majll
Mahhas, 8 yrs.: John L. McGowan, 6 yrs : Vilroy
11. Maas, B yrs.; William 11. Maas. 3 yrs.; Robert
I R Golden, 6 yrs : Edwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.: Frank-
lin J. Korb, 5 yrs.: John H. Korb, 12 yrs.: Samuel
D. Korb. 2 yrs.: Walter J. Murdock, 8 yrs. ; George
C. Bobbins, 6 yrs.: Richard H. Jirjeus, 9 yrs.;
WilllHm L. .lirj-n-i. 7 yrs.; George Jirjeas, 5 yrs.:
Edward Goetz. 8 yrs. : Walter t-oetz, 4 yrs. ; James
F. Peterson. 5 yrs.: Roy Sobey, 4 yrs.: Gerald
Fitzgerald, 9 yr*., nnd George Lon?, 9 yrs. i
$!_3s= .NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
Ur-J^ the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st.,
San Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from
April 1 to July 1. 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons,
aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 years; Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Hatlie Kline, Aged 12
years: Jessie Tavlor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 6 years; Beulah Josephs, axed 4
years; Alice C. I-uilan, nged 2 years: Olga Maria
Lund berg, aged 3 years. "
ffl_^S= NOTICE— A. J. MEADOWS IS NOT
&■-& connected with Raver's law Collection
office from this date. J. J. RAUKR.
|^_ff» ALL PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
H>~^ jurois in criminal cases will find i*to their
interest to call at rcom 18, 230 Montgomery st.
J. P. DA ME RON.
■E^S 3 BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR f4;
*~-*^ collections mnde, city or country.- Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy at., room 6. Tel. 6531).
tr^S- DRS. HOL-MAS AND LINQUIST— RJS-
-***** moved to 1 3*o Market m. : roor " roa'od free.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
|P_S» "COLUMBUSTSAVINGS AnITIOAN
t*-*' oimy, 614 Washington street. ,The directors
have declared the following semi-annual dlvid.nds;
4.32 tier cent annum on term and 3.60 per cent
per annum on nnry deposit's, payable on and
after July 1. 1896, F. N. P.KLGRANO, secretary.
(ffr'^g= I) IV I I ND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAY-
■» Njy iugi Bank of San Francisco. 33 Post St.— For
the half year ending June 30. 1896, a dividend has
teen declared at ihe rate of ♦our (4) per c nt per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3 :•>:!!;;) per cent on ordinary <lepo-}lts, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY. Cashier.
R^SP OFFICE OF THE HIKiiIFMA SAV-
»* sX ' Ings and Loan Society, cor. Market, Me
Hser and Jones sis.. San; Francisco. June . 29.*
1896— At a regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors of this s >ciety. held this day, a dividend has
been declari-d at the rate of three and three-
quarters (b s /4) cent per annum on all deposits
for the six months ending June : O. 1896, free
from all taxes and payable on and -after "July 1,
1 896. . ROBERT J. TOBIN. Sea
C^S 3 DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS. AND
*&*£? Loan Society, 101 Montgomery <iv, - corner
Sutter. For the half-year ending June 80, 1896. a
dividend has been declared at th« rale of four and
thirty-two one hundredths (4.32) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredths (3.60) per rent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the sam» rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
-, : . i- ■ CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
IjS^gP BEVURIT,Y SAVINGS BANK. 222
! « - iy Montgomery st., Mills Building. Dividends
j on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hnndredths (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three arid
, six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for the half
year ending June 30, 1896, will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1896. .. ' .
• ' . 8. L. ABBOT JR., Sec.
|_^5S= DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THK GERMAN
Br-*' Savings and Loan society, 626 California
St.— For the half, year ending June 30, ; 1896, a
dividend has been | declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per an-
num on term • deposits, and ; three ' and - fifty-five
hundredths (3 56-100) per • cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
alter Wednesday, July 1. 1896. '•-*•■• '
GEO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
*^_S=' HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
■-«' Society, 18 Geary st.-The : directors have
declared the ■■■ following .. semi-annual : dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent,
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896. ;■ - •-.,..
■ r .-■ - ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
SITUATIONS , IVA>TEX>-yE-lAI,E.
C 1 R. HANSEN • & CO.; v 110 - GEARY ST.^
J' furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone. or mail tin your or.iers: Drompt at-
tention guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. .-. ; . ■
SWEDISH LADY. WITH GIRL OF. 6 YtiARS,
wishes place as working housekeeper in widow-
er s family; no objection to country. Address
K. M. 8.. box 46. Call. • . ..-■£ ■ . ... ..;• , . - ;
YOUNG .PROTESTANT GIRL WISHES
-1 situation to do cenerar housework In small
family. Call two days. 1008 Eleventh aye,, S. & F. ,
SITUATIOXS •VVANTEP-Continqed.
tTe fin young woman would like
Xk' a good home with a nice family as companion,
seamstress or housekeeper: city or country: small
compensation expected. Address Refined, box
161. Call. - •  -~- ,- . - --.
RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION IN
XV kitchen of a boarding-house or restaurant to
assist. and make herself generally useful; . thor-
oughly understands her business. Address 653
Folsom st. .-...• -;■--■-*
roMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITU A-
" tion; city or country; good cook; do general
housework. Call 221 Minna. ■ ,-
PAN ISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SITUA-
I tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin St., room 3.
/COMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, rham-
berwork orsewinar; oity or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19.
SWEDISH GIRL WISHES TO do ge~nek~al
0 housework, washing, cooking. Apply 1135
Florida st. ■ ""■.
YOUNG SWEDISH WOMAN - WITH BABY
X wishes situation: general housework and cook-
Ins; city or country. Address New Atlantic Hotel,
207 Montgomery aye. .
V OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X cashier, or one of trust; references, etc. Ad-
dress C. R., box 84. this office. ' -■ ■■' " ' "
Wi-.DISU WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day: washing, housecloaning or office-clean-
ing. 12 Tehama st., in rear. -
If BENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALIFOR-
J nia, 1520 Clay St.; reliable families can en-
gage now; first, a healthy, respectable young wet-
nurse; second, a fine seamstress and maid: third,
a competent Frencn cook. . Apply at once at above
address. . I SBHHSES___S'£ ; i-:.''
DEFINED AMERICAN LADY WITH DAUGH-
XV ter (15) desires position as working house-
keeper In widower's family (American Protestant)
in city: good home: light work. Address Amer-
ican, box 113, Call Office. '■■• ■
YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper or to take charge of lodging-house.
Call or address 203 Powell at., room 5.
WANTED— BY A "WELL-EDUCATED AND
" refined lady, a position as superintending
housekeeper or companion to an Invalid ; city or
country; highest references. Address S. li. 8.,
box 134, Call Office. _£__
oituation wanted by young colored
O woman as lady's maid. Please call or address
MISS J. A. DAVIS, 619 Bash St. . • ...
YOUNG COLORED WOMAN WANTS SITU-
X ation as cook or to do second work. Call or
address MISS A. SMITH, 619 Bash st.
KSPECTABLE YOUNG WoMAN WOULD
like situation taking care of children and up-
j airs work. Apply 368U Twentieth st., nr. Guer-
rero; no postals. •
/~l ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
vjr upstairs work and sewing. Please call or ad-
dress 1815 Webster sU - .
VT EAT GIRL 16 WISHES PLACE TO ASSIST
— ' in light housework: sleep home; wages $10.
Address 1910 Larkin su. in rear. - -•/-
TO HOUSEWIVES— THE COLUMBIA EM-
ployment Agency, 128 Fourth st,, furnishes
I the very best help at short notice. Telephone
black 1353.
ANTED— BY LADY WITH YEARS OF
" experience, care of invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given. Call or address
MRS. M. X., Oakland P. O.
\\! INCH Ed i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»' Market: 200 rooms; 25c to .$1 60 per night:
(1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferrr.
SITUATIONS WASIEU-MALK.
BnrAN^E^rsrc^riio^EXß^sTvFUß^
. nish haymakers. Uueshlii* crews, harvest
hands, fruit pickers, lumber and wood men. min-
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock
j men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mall us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed.
UNTISR «fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
HINEsE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
1~~3 C. <>. COOK'S SOU SUPPLIES COOKS: ALL
. .branches -.short notice. 14 Geary, tel. Grunt 4tt-
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. BMB Sutter; tel <!r;u;t 3'J.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
v; office: best help. 41 4 y a O'Karrell: tel. E. 426.
F'SINESS MAN, GOOD ADDRESS AND
trustworthy, hero for health, wants position;
small salary; city or country. Address B. M., box
162. Call Office.
QITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
O and wife (with no children) in hot^l, restau-
rrnt, private family or on ranch: b«-st of referen-
ce*. Address Y. ti., box 21, Call office.
OITUATION TE.i5~ by 'coachman or
0 stablemnn: thoroughly understands his busi-
ness; a so gar Jen and cows; willing about place;
first-class references. Address ED., 2258 Bcena
Vista aye., Alameda. Cal. . .
WANTED— JOB BY A RELIABLE MAN
. '' who thoroughly understands concrete and
stone work; much experience in reservoir and
ditch work; country preferred. Address S. T.,
box 60, this office. ' • ;'.■■--.-
\Y ANTED— BY 2 WELL-MANNERED AND
'» well-educated young Hollanders, positions as
butler and coachpai; they prefer to remain to-
gether. Address W. R., box 64, Call Office.
AN AND WIFE WANT. SITUATIONS;
ITX man to cook and bake; wife assist in kitchen
or housework in Institution or resort ; best of ref-
erence. Address 221 Minna su
Cook, WHO bakes good bread, wants
a situation for the country; 1801 Santa Clara
aye.. Alameda. ...
1 IKSI -CLASS COLORED COOK. HOTEL OR
X restaurant, wishes situation; city reference.
Address it. P., box 112, Call office. .
RELI ABLE, STEADY COLORED MAN
wishes situation as por;eror hot lunch cook.
Address Reliable, box 109, Call Office.
MAN AND WIFE WANT PLACE IN COUN-
try: man good milker and handy with horses;
wife good cook. Call or address a. S, 24 Mint aye.
A N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
-i\- class Eastern and san Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
achrnan. Address G. C, box 114. Call Office.
VI AN AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS ON
IX a ranch: wife good cook and housekeeper and
man good all-round ranch hand. Address 3 HA
Fourteenth st.
IDDLE-AGED MAN, TEMPERATE, WID-
_»X ower, wishes place in private family: under-
stands care of horses; good driver; useful about
house; carpenter- by trade; comfortable home
wanted more than wages. C. U. C, 416 San Pablo
aye., Oakland. ■
APANKSE butler wants SITUATION
in private family or «mall clubhouse as steward:
understands French cooking; first clasi; has long
exp rlence. H. M., box 128. Call Office.
BY MAN AND WItE; NO CHILDREN; CITY
X 3 or country: man to do gardening and care- for
horses; wife, general housework; good reference.
Address C. C. W., box 148, Cull. .
VOUKG .MAN <>F GOOD HABITS WISHES
X situation as coachman or porter; not afraid of
work; references if required. J. N., box 128, Call.
BY MIDDLE-AGED MAN, AS COACHMAN
s > in private family; useful around place: speaks
French and English; good refrrences. Address
Coach box 2. Call Office, Oakland. .
VOUNO MARRIED MAN WIoHES A POSI-
-1 tion as janitor or watchman; handy with tools.
Refer io 439 Jessie sU i • ■ -
\\f TNCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
.-»» Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 23c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Vl' I.N CHESTER HOL'sK, 44 THIRD. NEAR
■ »» Market— Electric liuhts In ; every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: «1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X bis services . In the expertlng of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books nnd general expert work. Address P. C.
box 137. Call t'itice.
FEMALE i 11.1.1' "VVANTI£I>.
T AUNDRESS, $30: 15 HOUSEWORK OIULS,
XJ city and count $'_0 and $25; 6 young girls
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 3*23 Sutter st.
COOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $25. MISS CUL-
LKN. 3-3 Sutter st. . . .
YY' AIT R ESS, $20: CHAMBERMAID AND
■ ______»! tress, $20. MfSS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
COOK; MILL VALLEY: 525. ' MISS CUL-
/ LKN, 323 Sutter St. ■ ■ -,-
-1 A WAITRESSES. COUNTRY, $20: 3 cham-
XV/ bermaids, country hotels, $20; call before 10
this morning. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
CHAMBERMAID; CITY' HOTEL. CALL
\J between 9 and 10 a. jc, HOTEL GAZETTE
•420 Kearny su .
OOD GIRL WAITRESS AT 405 PACIFIC
i St.: restaurant.
T ADIES TO TRAVEL: *60 AND EXPENSES ;
Xj apply at once. 1015 Market St., room 19.
yoUNG GIRL tOR GENERAL : HOUSE-
-1 work. 1228 Ellis st
17MRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
X' ers need apply. BOWHAY, 504 Sntter su
HAiRDRESsINO. 250 AND .S&c: MOKMNO
end t-ve classes; 101e-|.sonB,sl 50. 124^ Mission.
PERFECT UTTING AND STYLISH DRESS"-
making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for • themselves, friends • or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns out to order, 25c up. Mc-
DOWELL Academy, -Market,opp. Palace Hotel.
T ADIES— FI«EK! FREE t LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tne8.,2t03: dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister. r. 67.
HAIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LENSONs"
MISS DOYLE. i 19a Powell st. and 105 Ninth."
CIOAT-FLNISHIiRS WANTED. 541 MARKET
street. ; " : '■ ' ; ■ >;.' v . -. '-;V '"-
■\fOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECT ABLS"
■-Ti Winchester House, 44 Third su. near Market :
200 . rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to *6
pprwe-1.--. 'Tfn 'hn^ and ■-.au-.'a-.-f to and from fpri^-.
7. . WALK HUP WAKi__. — —-
TTOLIDAY. ~~ .'"".■;."-,-.: T~~ :C ~r.
XX JULY," 4.
•. The leading employment agents closed ; open for
business Monday, July 6, 7:30 a.m. • MOKRAY
A READY, 634 and 636 Clay st. * - KAY
GENTLEMEN TO TRAVEL, *60 AND EX-
VT penses. . Apply at once room 19, 1015 MarkeU
HELP WAX TEP— Continued. ■
WANTED THIS MORNING— 2O EXTRA
waiters, with dress suits, country hotel, $2 a
day and free fare; call early. C. R. HANSEN «fc
Cu.. 1 10 Geary st. . - __;
ANTKDT<>-DAY-6 PERMANENT WaW-
ers with dress suits, country hotel, $35 and free
fare: 10 extra waiters with dress suits, $_ a day and
fare paid: 2 waiters for seaside resort, $25; waiter,
mountain resort, $20. C. R. JIAN-KN & CO.,
110 Geary st.
W ANTED TO-DAY - EXTRA MAN TO
V» shake out clothes, country hotel laundry,
SI 50 a day ana free fare; extra ironer, hotel
laundry, country, *1 60 a aay and free fare. C. R.
HAX.SEN & CO.. ilO Geary St. '■
OOK, COUNTY RESTAURANT, $60; SHORT-
\J order cook, country. f9 a week; vegetable men,
dishwashers, pot washers and ot'iers for extra and
steady work. C R. HANSEN A CO., lIP <-eary.
WOOD-TURNER AND WORK IN PLANING^
mill, country ; 20 farmers, > aymakers, harvest
hands, milkers, choremen and others. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\\T AN TED-FOB THE UNITED STATES
VY Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less thin 6 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the wor.d on board
our new c uisers. For further information apply
at the Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. ' '
OY TO WORK IN BAKERY: LITTLE EX-
perlence preferred. Apply 402 Devisudero su,
early. '
WANTED-AN EXPERIENCED RUSTLI-R;
»» good paying work. Address R. w., box 10,
Call Office. ■
OY WANTED-AN OFFICE BOY : WAGES
$2 50 per week. Address in own handwriting,
Boy, box 87, Call Office. -
■yOUNG MAN TO DO NURSERY WORK.
I Apply at 512 Halght St. '
OOTBLACK WANTED. 409 BRODERICK
street.
POSEDALE HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, NEAB TAY-
XV lor; single furnished rooms, 25c. a night;
91 per week. : -
BESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and *3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
"PARTNER WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN
X. horseshoeing shop; good location. L., box 4,
Call Office.
I ARBERS-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL 8EC-
l) retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
U AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
I* ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
I > ARBERH' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
J > menu VfCy, P. C. Htmatin, l!:--9Va O'FarrelU
ARBERS— GOOD ~ CHANCE; DON'T MISS
I > It : shop for sale very cheap on account of dis-
agreement of partners. Apply Call Office.
T> ARBER-SHOP, 2 CHAIRS, FOB SALS. 415
XJ Hayes st. ; good location. ! -
THIRST-CLASS BARBER-SHOP *X>R SALE ON
J account of departure. Apply 617 East st.
S. -REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
• C ay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, sc.
■\'OUNO MAN TO ACT AS CASHIER; RES-
X taurant; $150 cash required: will pay $60 per
month. GEO. >TE W ART, 602 Market st.
i/ ARBERS— A GO D COUNTRY BARBER
I > shop: 2 chairs; 2 baths; for sale; $300: good
lnvestm-nt for barber with family. . Forpart cu-
lars inquire of DECKELMAN BROS* 106 Ellis St.
\\r ANTED--IDLE WOMEN, GIRLS
' » and boys to send 25c for the means of making
Independent living; satisfaction guaranteed. Ad-
dress California Chemical Co., box 100, Call Office.
I/ 1 1 RST-CLASS~DR Y-GUOD-s MAN FOR CITY
trade; gentlemen holding certificates In U. S.
Industrial Agency are eligible. Room 165 <..'roc_-
er building.
ANTED— M AN WITH $600 FOR A BlG-
paying enterprise: chance of a lifetime. Ad-
dress ARCHIE LEVY, box 72, this office.
p RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
V» shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to S3, $5 to
$2 on. $4 to $1 50, $2 50 to $1 26: all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days in order to enlarge store and
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 I i/|JIK.\ TO TAKK LODGING AT lOC, 18c
Xv V and 20c a nlghu including totfeu and rolls.
£24 Washington st., near Kearny. .
\\r INCMESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAB
** Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
\\r TEH— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»' some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDEKBLRN & r-0., D^pt. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their f 1800 prize offer
and Ms: of 200 inventions wanted. '■'.:■_:.
\Y ANTED— EXPERIENCE!) TRACK FORE-
** man Apply a, box 17, Call Office. Oak,
l\rE HAVE A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
' V selling at less than one-fourth their value: cast
off shoes uought or exchanged.* 562 Mission st. '■
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
X> 3d and 4th— Single iu'rnlshed rooms, night 15c to
; week $1 to $2 60: reading-room : strictest. atten-
tion 10 morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night.
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKiiT ST., BE-
X low Slxtn. tor a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
LODGINGS. 6c TO 15C PER NIGHT: CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 l'acili , below Kearny.
4 STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
ESI IN CITY--feING« _ ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. Si. $1 25, SI 50 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leltiesdorfl sts.
DOOMS 15c TO 76c PER NIGHT; 60c TO *1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
AY ANTED— -A.BORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, Hill 'run* Denver House, 217 Third st: 160
large rooms; 25c per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week.
ALt SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
half-soleln; 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep It.
WK ARE SHOE DOCTOR WE RF.PAIR
'» your Old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission su, between First and Second ats.
I IN., ELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
■ ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
LCJIO HiiU.sE, 863 y» MARKET bT.—
Rooms 80c; 25c. to 50c. nfelit: *1 :o $n week.
\\rANTED,TO COLLECT WAGES DUB LABOR
** ersAclerKs. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Sutter
\\ T ANTED- MEN TO LIiARN BARBER
'» trade: only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu 8. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
WAN TED— SINGLE~ROOMB, 15c A DAY: 91
» » v-»eic; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 50 a week;
rcadine-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
ITIREE BEER— SCHOONERS FOii sc;
X also a bnttl tof lr.g-T. sc. a; 687 Clay st.
vV'EtKS NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
WEEKLY CALL, la wrapper, for mailing.
AtiliMs WANTiLT
"EMPIRE LIFE. " ' I
PURE LIFE
—INSURANCE-
AT COST
AGENTS WANTED.
. . PORTER BUILDING,
SAN JOSE.
AGENTS -THE GREATEST CAMPAIGN
-» book of 1896; outfits only 23c; one agent re-
ports 31 orders first day; highest discount. The
W hit taker <fe Ray Company, 723 Market st.
AGENTS WANTKD-LADY OR GENTLE-
-c\- man: experience not necessary: good oppor- !
tunity for right person. Apply at once, 519 ssev-
nth St.. near Washington. Oakland.
',".■■"."' HOUSES WASTED. ~~
pOTTAGE OF 4 OR 5 ROOMsTreXson ABLj?
V man and wife. c. F.. box 19. Call Office
aiisc_:_,_,ANJ<:ous. '
oecostT^Sand kodaks^ cameras"'
Plenties, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JFW
■■Irv to A. KLEIN', 109 sixth st.: -end postal.
HOUSES. ••■ ' '
L^OR SALE — HORSE~AND BRE\VSTER
x buggy: matched carriage team, stilish and
very gentle: also rrewster Victoria, latest style
and in perfect condition: will be sold separate ii
desired. Apply MADISON <fc BURKE.
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
-Li of Rood harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can bny Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister bu. S. F.
1 fSO SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR-
±Oy ness, all kinds; 'wagons, buggies, surreys.
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission
F\()l'\ SKT NEW. AND-SKCOND-HAND Harl
OVV .-ess: all kinds; buggywagon. carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap . horses. 15th and Valencia.
40 i lO^ 84^" 1 *'•■»« SALE; ALMJ WAGONsT
HORSES. PASTURED; SEND FOR cmrn'
AVAGOXS AND CABBIAGES.
oR SALE, "AT^ASTERN~?RICEs" 9 ;
____iwsSil
y=sg-gßSJfgg^_F
■; rEKsoyAiiS. . j . l _ i^ w _
A^, STRANGERIrrTHEnDITY," DESIRES
business partner: small capital. 122 Post St.,
room 2. ..- '
ATOTICE TO THE PUBLIC— FROM
i.l ancient Babylon has returned to material life
and is in San Francisco, and would wish to con-
verse with some of the wealthy people on impor-
tant matters. Please call at 611-day St., room 7.
WILL THE 2 LADIES WHO HAD DRESSES
»V made at 1024 Misiionst. call at once for same?
or they will be sold. ■
RS. DR. .MIRANDA, CHIROPODIST— THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city. . . . .
A DVIUE.FRKE; DfVOP.i'K LAWS A SPE-
■A cialty; private; no charge unless euccessfut; all
law salts. claims, collections.- wills, de»ds. etc., at-
lerrietl ta G.W. HOWE. at:y-at-!aw, SiiO Market 36
URE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
norms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053. San Francisco. Cai. ...
V>lU OUTDOOR STi-.IIEOPTICON SHOW EVK-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth Ets. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consul: OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market St.
A TTIIE VERY LOWEST EASY TERMS YOU
-"V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at . M. ROTHS-
CHiLD's, 213-215 Mason at.: open evenings.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS In EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third at., near. Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
" low prices; first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
LEDERER'S— THE PLACE TO GET THE
X_ best hair-dressing in the city for 25c; first-class
switches $1; Lederer'a"Qulnonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton st., nr. Geary. - ■
■yjRS. DR. PORTER, CHIROPODIST AND PA-
-HX cial artist; wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 128 Kearny st., room 47.
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
TaloringCompany,lll7 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
A P. SWAIN. ARTItiT: CHINA TAPESTH V;
«. oil lessons 50c. 14 McAllister St., room 14.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST; Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. <_ Kearny.
C CLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\y manufrs cost. Factory, 20 Pansome, upstairs.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.:
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
IBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry,' etc ; lowesc rates. 948 Market st.
bTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HA IR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
JjD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Ba. cor. Jessie.
i)|;ks>m.\lvm;v
RE6SES UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP}
lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma St.. above Sixth.
* CLAXIt V O V ANTS.
SUCCESS ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEE L>"
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations^ insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice; he
locates mines and hidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future: thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy at.
Hours irom 9 to 9 dully and Sundays.
ITANA THE GYPSY. • ■
VT This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
in unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* the separated
and causes speedy a d happy marriage with the
oue of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
X\T ITCHE* WERE BURNED. BUT MME.
>» Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast; test her powers ere she sails for Europe; she
guarantees to bring buck lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4, 917 Market.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY, US-
precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, giv-s infallible love-
charms to all; hours 10 to 8. Rooms 44-45, 306
Stockton st. ; elevator.
ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant, card- reader, born v.i'.h a donole veil an"&
second sight; ladles 50c. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. LENEMAR— FORTUNES TOLD Rf
planets: predicted in 74 passengers of overdue
Steamer on island. Km. 10, 11 Taylor, cor. Markt
ME. ARNDT, BEST FOKTUN:-; TELLER IX
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the piciuroot
your luture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME,
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
. A RRIVED— MRS. HANSON READS HEAD
— 'V. and palm, also cards and tells past, present
and future. 17 Fourth st., room 7.
ME. MORE A BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ill! DR. THO_LAS~ CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business ad vice; names given up. 5 Fourth.
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. SYBILLE T>;LLS FROM CRADLE TO
111- grave: »<■ -5 cen"^. "1 i «VFnrr»H <t.
SPIRITUAL. ISM.
A VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN 18
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEE $1 4 UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you in trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living I
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, - and is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole llfo revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless- tne
separated are united; the sicK made strong ; the
poor b- come rich if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. I Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortals
who try io imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
hit'h above the earth. N EVER FAILS. She does
not know what failure mea:is! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how Ions? standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! a FEE *1 & UPWABDJ
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., oop. Seventh,
" San Francisco.
MRS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, . -
The world-renowned spiritual medium, still
continues to hold the public's attent on by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. . Your life described trom cradle to
the grave. Her revealed medlcint-s work miracles
with the sick and afflic.ed: letters with stamp
answered: diagnosis froru lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays: sittings $1. 1206 Market su
BISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET HT*
Seances every night, 26c; except Hon., Thurs.
RS. KATE HOSKINSS TRANCE AND BU^TT
ness medium: sittings dally: jf. lag Onk --.
ASTROLOGY.
M~lTpK?ATXsTB^()aY^^^
i»X Vital remedies remove all chronic troubles and
restore to perfec nealh. 311 Hyde st.. 10 to 3.
LOST.
TOBT-ON JULY . 1.-~A~ % GENTLEMAV9
XJ watch charm; monogram letters G. C. A on
one side; small diamond set In center on other
w ma { i P k. hi S ° a lady and e-aileroan inside.
Finder will kindly re. urn to 6_o Green st. and re-
ceive reward.
T OS i -PASSBOOK WITH HIBERNIA SAV-
-IJ ings and Loan Bodetyof San Francisco, in the
ST, of n M . AHY WILSON, No, 108.296. The
finder will please ~3tu»n to bank
WEDNESDAY EVENING ON MCALLISTER
»_.T?fn' b et - l l)e ,ylBadero and Laguna, or on l.agun»
to Fell, single diamond earring iv screw setting:
snitab.e reward. 716 Market It.
GREYHOUND BITCH, BKINDLE HEAD,
*-a snort tall; In pup. Reward at 1019 Market au
1 .°.? T 7 PA! =BB<iOK WITH THK. HIBERNIA
J-J savings and Loan Society of an Francisco, in
?\f_« ame of ANDREW O'NEIL: No. 190,081.
The finder will please return bank.
s*n9O RED COW ; WHITE ; ,TS; 8 YEARS
<IP-*\J. old. R et ,i rn 213 Morton .>v--.. Snn-yslde.
I— i«— i— im—iii— — — i^n— m^
FOUSb.
-~~-~^, STORAGE. '
S T £ E uea / Est lN TH£ CIT : fire.
*--> proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
T -^' H 2, ONKY -^'- i MISSION-STORAGK AC
■l .red reed rates: basement storage,.?! 50 per load
-pURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS- AD-"
J yances. shipping. CHAS. L. TA YLOR.2Q4 Post!
T OWES I RATES-FURNITURE PIaNO-T
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. 735 m £?■
A B. SMITH FURNITURE C 0.,*132 ELUs"
--V. low rates: 1W.,, r »of building; Kasfe^rn plr*'
PBDITBSBION.*', CARDS ~^
F^^^^^^rLTwTlF^K^E^l^^
7_U^yj,^rc^ buiwi^ EKoSSss
[ OH N R. AIT K 1 : \ X Dm7vURIC*F L. as'ttvr
<i attys at law, m,» 516,616. R h lino^S
BAGGAGE TKANSFIfiII.
T^KS^WV^DTaTcI^Tt^OJIMER^^
nTaTu4fl L ° mOany ' 4S Sutter •<-: telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.BUSINESS CHANCES.
a nt"ed-fi rst-clTs^Pbij^iness mXn
»' to rent one of the best-paying roadside houses
on the coast: elegantly furnished throughout and
■ doing a thriv ng business in this City and County:
owner would rent to Incoming party bouse as it
stands, with privilege of purchase, but tenant
would have to nut up securi.y or bonds as matter
of good faith and responsibility ; a chance of a life-
time. Address Live Stock Gazette Office, 411 V 2
California -■ . City. *"
Hi- I"'' LEASE FOR A TKRMOF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick bnildlngcon-
t&ioine 98 rooms; also mud-floor and well-
li(tb.«'«l ba«e nut: centrally located, V 4 block Nof
Mar et st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale 0:1 reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply 10 B. SILVEKBKRG, 3'JO San-
some at., room 89.
Till-; DEL NOKTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in Nor. h-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased 011 favorable terms; this house is ihe best
paying investment in Northern California, and
muse bo disposed of on account of sick ess. i-or
t. rms ami particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal.
J. HILL, HOOM 34. ln>Ni)HoE BUILDING—
I -. Keal estate and business agent.
Delicacy store $200
stationery and cigars " $450
General, business store, fine trade $800
Excellent paper route ; .81500
Chemical laboratory .". ' "*5OOO
Stock of poultry ranch, low rent '.'. $350
Q9^AA CANDY FACTORY AND ICE
♦- —O\J\J. cream parlors, situated in one of the
liveliest and best towns on the coast; e'.esrantlv
fitted up and successfully run for 25 years- will
invoice about $3000; this is the only first-class
place In town: cheap rent under lease: thorough
t t T?6W < S&« t % to * bnrgMn - UK °-
rpO BUY OR SEIL A BUSINESS WITH DIS-
X patch see DI. MING & CO., 737 Market at.
IF OTEL NEAR FACTORIES; 14 FURNISHED
L rooms: 20 steads boarders: selling 7 to 8 bar-
rels of beer weekly: large grounds: 5 to 6 dozen
chickens; owner retiring; will sacrifice. DKM-
IN A CO.. 737 Market su
.<st9f)oo 1F YOU CAN ME THr S
V""" I amount for 8 months, will give good
«ituat:on at ?125 a month and board: business out
of the State; or will R iv»» you Interest in business
that will pay you $2500 a year besides salary:
chance of a lifetime; come and see me at once.
Address J. A. L., box 66, this office.
SALOON ON MARKET ST $700
O Restaurant; $20 per day 150
Grocery and bar, 3 rooms 500
Corner bakery, 3 rooms ".. """ 300
*"or sale by DECKER, 1020 Market st.
S7OO SALOON; FIRST-CLASS
ti? I \jyj. in main thoroughfare; elegantly fitted
up: fine stock: 4 years' lease; low rent: taking
$18 day: Immediate disposal; gvnulne bargain;
apply direct, no agents. L., Postoflice. Santa Rosa.
Gjl 00 BARGAIN— OLD-ESTABLISHED Cl-
*u)X\J\j car, candy and notion store: large gar-
dens; cottage and summer-bouse; opposite univer-
sity gate, Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad cars
stop in front of store. Apply on premises. .:■.--?
ARDWARE STORE— GOOD STOCK AND
fixtures ; old stand: this business must be sold
to settle an estate; only those meaning business
need apply; price $1000. PHILBRICK, 2548
olsoni st. ; v ; *.; .• ",.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY; SELLING OUT TO
close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain If arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137. Call Office.
ESTAURANT FOR SALE FOR COST OF
fixtures: an established trade: between two
carbouses; will be sold cheap on account of own-
er's sickness: call an 1 see this. 3279 Mission si.
«il«h FOR SALE. 2 -CHAIR BARBEH-
- I'-'O. shop; latest improved furniture; all
new; good trade; baths: living-room: cheap rent.
Address WM.. box 843, San Rafael, CaL
I ''OR SALE-THE ROYAL, FINEST SALOON
situated on the principal business street in San
Jose; at a sacrifice: must be sold. Inquire at New
York Exchange Hotel, San Jose.
S" HOKSTORE; SMALL STOCK; GOOD FlX-
tnres and shoemaker's tools, with a new Singer
shoe machine. iy 2 Polk su
HESTRALLY LOCATED SALOON (market
V' st.); six years' lease; dotne good business. For
particulars address EDWARD CONOLLEY, or
call. 502 Montgomery su
AKERYAT A BARGAIN: BAKESFKOM3
to 4 bbls. of flour daily; full inspection allowed:
In Centerville. Alameda County. Address F. E
box 4, Call Office. _
lj>Oß SALE ATA BARGAIN— PARISIEN
X steam laundry, SW cor. Twenty-ninth and Do-
lores sts.; will give lease of house and lot or will
sell half lnteresU
ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE.A KOADIIOISE
near Haywards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land
For particulars address PROWSE «fc O'NEILL.
Haywards. Cal.
WILL. SELL AT A SACRIFICE A FIRST-
* class restaurant in Haywards, on account of
sickness; call and Investigate. F. B. HOOSON
Haywards. Cal. - -..■• - t
"LMNE CASH MERCHANDISE BUSINESS:
X adjacent to this city; capital $5000; satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner box 21,
Call Office.
1 1 A RGAIN— BAR RECEIPTS $15
J-* to $18 per day; rent $20 per month; near San
Francisco. Apply to H. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
fornia st.
IfOR SALK OR TRADE FOR RKAL ESTATE,
J tools and machinery of a ma< nine-shop; lathe,
orillpress bolt-cutler, etc Address 14 Pearl st.
007^ Fancy goods stoke. 3 living-
*U?O I «J. rooms: low rent: established for years;
owner retiring from business. 240 Fifth st."
QjJKfl BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVINO-
«iPvJvf. rooms: low rent; receipts ss to $7 aday
cigar stand. BARKETT. 1125 Market st, '
FOR SALK— GOOD BUSINESS, WITHiSTOCK
and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or 2
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post nU
/"CALIFORNIA GOLD MINKS, BIG AND LIT-
\J tie; bargains for all guaranteed. CHAS F.
BLACKBURN, room 12, 230 Kearny st.
pOKNER G ROC E AND IJART WELL
\J stocked: doing nice business: low rent, taken
out In trade: seilcieap 4/9 Grovs su
rpHE ONLY mode un IMPROVED HOTEL
Xof SO rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHENBUSH.
STEKEOPTICON OR ILLUMINATING AD-
O vertising outfit complete; 200 slides; cbean.
1402 Devisadero su
STATE AGENCY: J-.XCLUSIVE RIGHT; Alt-
ticle sel.soa sight; $250. Address X., box 115,
Call Office.
OX ACRES— CHICKEN nANCU TO KEN 1 '•
— O stock will be sold at $1300. P. O. box 331.
Petal urn a. "
Ojl \(\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT;
<SPXkJ\J suitable for grocery. W. CRANE, 324
Post St.
LADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER
(German); $25 capital. Room 2, 12 Mason sU
FOR SALE-SALOON; GREAT BARGAIN;
X old-eatabl'd; llvlng-rms.; cheap renu 212 Bth.
WANTED— COBBLER; NO CAPITAL RK-
'' quired. Apply K. box 17. Call Office, Oakland.
GOOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
T Apply T. P. RIORDAN. 632 Market, room 2.
f^OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
teams complete: stand cor. Sutler and Sansorae.
FOR sale— locksmith, machinist AND
grinding shop; well tooled up. 1003 -Mission st.
A VINO 2 RESTAURANTS WILL SELLONE
cheap; trial given. Apply 1241 .Market hU .
I "'OR KALK — BOHEMIAN SALOON, 25
Stockton su Call between 12 x. and 4p. m.
Any STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash -. city or country. M., box 2. CalL
•VKWSPAPER ROUTE FOR SALK; BAR
--1 gain. Address 8. F., box 24. Call Office. 1
BAKERY AND NOTION STORK FOR SALE;
cheap. 2083 Adeline su, Oakland.
MUSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
E HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
iostrumen'.s have been called in from agents
throughout the coast. In whose bands they have j
remained for some time without being sold. Call !
early and secure _ bargain. SHERMAN. CLAY i
<& CO., cor. Kearny and butter sts., Stein way rep-
resentatives.
pLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OP
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out- ■
lay; violins. $1 »5: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3- i
actoharps, $1: accordlocs. flutes, banjos, piccolos, i
cases for Instruments, violin outfits, etc. new '
llanos for rent and sale. J. lI AKKY bCOTT, 929
Market st., Spreckels bullains.
Pianos half prick.
administrator's sale
to close estatk of chas s. eaton
MUST SKL. .
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
lion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine. 735 Market su
AS (it'll NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month It is not necessary to co elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representative*.
ffljlQ;; BARGAIN: FINE UPRIGHT
•4r±O«J. Schmltz. IB McAllister St., next Hi.
bernia Bank.
TKINV, AY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
ij to sacrifice ' it this week. Room 10, Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
ILLiAM G. HaDOKR, SOLK AGENT FOR
*» the celebrated Haltet <fc Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st.
IMSHKR UPRIGHT, $126: MARSHALL &
X 1 Wendell, $125: bargains a . $150 and $175.
THE ZKNO MAUVAIS MUSIU CO., 769 Markeu
IJIAN 8— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coasu TUfc F. W. SPKN-
Ci H CO., 838 Market st.
BKIORK BUYING SKK H A INK BROS.', BUSH
X> <& Gens and Knabe pianos: at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT «t CO.. 324 Post SU- ■
111CKKK1NG, KNABK. STUCK. VOSE, BTKR-
/ Ung pianos: see our n-w piano lor f 187: piano*
ior rent. BENJ. CURT AX A SON. 16 o'i-arreli.
STEINWAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL-
$100; Ladd $60. BKI.KNN's. 228 Post.
YUUK tLAVZY, ;KW POST ST.— SOHMKK,
Newby »ft Kvans, l-:nrcs md other pianos. .
QUFERIOK VIOLINS, ZITHKUS. OLD A NEW
O U. _ULX_K, maker, repairer, i Latham place.
LODGINQ.HOUSES FOR SALE.
I 1 -ROOM HOUSE, IN PAYMENTS^ $150
Jl 2is rooms on Market at. ...; ....'.:... $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to. $5001
Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 O ROOMS; A REAL GOLD MINE: OLIT
J-^J established bouse: elegant new modern fur-
niture; new carpet; everything first-elms- cheap
rent: owner retiring from business. DEM ING &
CO.. 737 Market *t-
\\T ANTED — LODGING-HOUSE; MUST BK
tl .cTw." located - nicely furnished; a bargain; $60J
to_sbOO. Address li. E.. box 68, this office
QO ROOMS; GOOD-PA YINo" HOUSE, $400:
JJW cash balance on very easy terms. 105 New
Montgomery st.
T "DOING-HOUSES BOUGHT AND XX-
changed. I'll ELPB & CO., 917 Larkin sU
Ci 1 COZY HOME: 6 ROOMS: MUST
'If- 1 ""' sell; party leaving city. 620 Larkin st.
TO KENT —16 WELL LT~HTED ROOMS,
suitable for lodging-house: $25. 644 Sixth st.
T ODGING-HOUSE, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
XJ flnelorfttlon. A i dress K. E- <»>■< 67. Call.
FURNITURE >«)K SALE.
cTAcltLi?Kiir^T?ultNr^^
O tage: almost new, sold at once. D. E., 46, Call.
"LURK SALK! '■ ~ '
X Prices stand till goods are completely dls
posed of.
Oak bed sets $18 60
Bed lounges  800
stoves 7 50
Carpets, per. yard 55
Linoleum, per yard 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we .are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. .
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooJ '
as new; cash or lime, open evenings.
At\i\ CAKPKTS; CHAMBER BETS. $Tl~
tUv stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20; foldln«-b»d<!
FlO: hfd- ounres. $7. T. f». MCCARTHY lf-2 4:ri
FURNITURE WASTED,
f' C, MUTHER, AUCTIONEKR, 601 l ALI-
O . fornia st corner Kearuy, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PHICES FOR FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP. 211 Larkin.
IjKFOKE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
1* send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market.
O BASCH. 821 SLTTKH, WANTS FURNI-
►J. lure, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYKH BUYS your FURNITURE.
. rumors, piano. 11KS Market: tfl. Jennie 761.
CARPET CLEANING.
T ONES CO. CAkIpeT^SIE^ON^AND
0 renovating works. Main office 515 and 27 8:h.
pARPET CLEANING, Sc.; LAYING. 3c. : RUG
V^ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 8 th st.
GIKEAT WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
1 works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone J eagle 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor worK send 10 SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 853-57 Tebama st. : teL So. 40.
C~IUNKLI*i 8 CARPET KEATING WORKS. 3SS
1 Golden Gate ave.t telephone east 126.
CUTY STiSAM CARPETCLKANING.RKNOVA-
/ Ung, 38 Bth. bTKVENS, mgr. TeL South 230.
ARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
' like new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: t_
Sooth 36. D. MACKINTOSH &cd. anccessors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 24U
. 14th si ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatln* works. 463 Stevenson: U»l. —nth 228.
BICYCLES.
QECOND-HAND STERLING ATEXCEPTION-
O ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st.
SECOND HAND WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or installment: Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
Be:. Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st.
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM, ALMOST NEWT i
$100. W. CRANE. 324 Post st.
T WIN FIELD PE_KSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
U . Headquarters Lu-ml-num and Thistle bicycles
Qr NEW FALCON; HIGH GKADE\S46 AND
Ok) $55 each; half price: few left. YiKORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market SU '
13ICYCLE8, 1895 MODELS, $25 TO $65. HAM-
XJ llton Cyclery, Baker su, near Hayes. ■;■ •■ • ■
| < ICYCLES FOX $20, $25,^30, $35, $40, $4»,
Xi $50, second-hand. 306 Post st.
'OR SA"LE-'96 RAMBLER; WARWICK: IM-
perial aud Clipper bicycles at great bargains.
303 Larkin st.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _3T;
X best accommodations. Terminus . Geary. -to- i
■ Alllatfr and Powell at- car lines. ■ . '
I ■ i
. FOU SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
"L-'OR SALE— PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-
X I Ham Klford's portable house. Apply to MRS.
E. ELFORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
"PORTABLE THRESHING ENGINE CHEAP.
Xor rent: nearly new Buzz Planer. It., 60
Bluxome st. ■ ■■■\*~u™
ALOON OUTFIT FOR SALE: $35. APPLY
1036 Potrero aye. - - ■■
GOOD CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, 130
Sansome st., room 9.
"I LADIES' AND 1 GENTS' HIGH-GRADE
X wheel cheap. 811 Octavia st., downstairs.
NX HORSEPOWER GAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply 2109 Larkln St., after 6 p. _
X— 3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE & CKNTRlFU-
galpiimpattached<tso-llghtdynamo.sl6MiBSlon
CO UNVK X S. SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 112 iy 8 Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
BARGAINS TYPEWRITERS! ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Kx.. 310 California.
| < OILKRS,KNGINES.2D-UANDMACHINKKY.
JJ waterptpes Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Beale.
. UILDJNUS BOUGHT; LCiI DKK, BASH_i
» > doors, mantels, etc. tor gale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND tARUK SIZg
fire and bonrlar proof safe. 109, 111 Market K.
L^IKE AND burglar SAFE. LKTTKH-
-I press, platform scales and desk icheap. 102 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SItCONU- '
I -^ hand. W. S. RAY Mtg Co.. 12 California «i
SEWING MACHINES.
X LL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED^ i
I V. rented, repaired : lowest rules. 2U5 Fourth sc.
IN«'ER SEWING-MACHINE OFFICE, 1559
Market: rent 81 50 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times: home In confinement. DR. <£ MRS.
Da VIEs. 14 McAllister St., next HI hernia Bank:
consult free; French regulatlmr pink pills $2:
hours from 9a. m to sp. 11. and 7to9p. m. -■ . -,i,'
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RB-
ALL CASKS OF boors: and sure relief
stored in » few bours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay, pri-
vate home in confinement: regular jrraduata '
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save Urns
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post st- near Larkin.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
mem or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKIt. 318 Kearny su
Ra GOODWIN, DISEA OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcel ed in restoring irregularity
or other conditions: home In confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills %'i. Removed from 1370
Market su to 904 McAllister at.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS^A BOON TO
xi. ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure; •$2 60 press C. O. D. : don't delay
no til too late. OHUUOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal. ,
INSTITUTE OF PNKUjiATi iPAI'li V FOR
1 healing and Instructions; .729 Jackson st.,
hours. 10 to 6; consultation free: call or write for
our "New Methols"; the poor healed free.
M|t\ lilt. WEOENKR TAXES LADIES Bt>
lore and daring confinement: infants adopted
Into . good . homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy «. . . .
SURE CUKE FOX ALL FKMALE DISEASE*.
from whatever cause: a home in confinement |
with 1 every comfort; satisfaction tuarauteod. by
WUS. DR. WYE It, 226 Turk SU
{.'/ui FOR CASE I FAIL TO CURE: DlB-
iji'j\l\i eases ol the eyes treated: ladles consult
free: only qualified specialist. ' MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell sU ___________________
D" R. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
U 1206 Market s .; private and chronic diseases.
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2276.
R. PEN A CHECKS IT IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief; successful trea-.ment; diseases
of both aexes a specialty. .7 Grant ay;». .
MR->. J. A. A( HARD, MIDWIFE-HOME IN
confinement; 26 yrs' experience. 655 Mission.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FK4IALE DI -EASE
see MK-i.DK. PUETZ and be content. 2641/2 4th.
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. MRS.
■TpR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth »U. Alameda.
1 \K. JtAi.L, 14 ilcAlXlSi hit REKT. NKAK
\l Jonw. ii'>i'»tis(il»i'T>i ■■•••< fhlldrfl.
• ATTORN EYB-AT-L AW. "V,
I^^^Tp^lu)up^(ijrX^A7f£rBT^ A TK COURTS?
J. damage cases ' a specialty: money to loan on ■
estates: charges moderate. Offices 608 California.
T Ki. A LBUSINESSTRANBACTED WITHOUT
XJ publicity; advice free and confidential. P.O.
box 2132, San ra.iclsco. :'
ADVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A SPECt-
xV. alty; private; no charge unless successful; all '
law suits, claims, - collections, | wills, deeds, etc., at- '
tended la ' G. W. HOWE, att'y-al-law. 850 Market.
RW. KING, ATTORNEY-AT- LAW, CHRON- '
. icle oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY- A 42*
• CalUoro— at., rooms 14 ana 16; -drioo ire*.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
— ~— ~~ HOUSES TO : LKT. „„'',,„•
a? "1 Q SISNATOMABT.. NEAR ELEVENTH:
•IT-1-O. ft rooms and bit large yard. ASHTON
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery su -
i ') TENEMENTS, 4 AND 5 ROOMS EACH:
•> rent $10, $11, $14. «2 Jessie st., near Ninth,
key at grocery. - / • %>
979 THIRTEENTH— *15; 4 NEWLY PA-
—I — pered rooms: stable, barn, large yard:
rented with or without stable.
INK SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
J. yarJsfor flowers:'charmtng locution on quiet
sreet: clean and attractive; 7 rooms, hath,
laundry: unfinished bas mont; $3'J. DEMPSTKR,
y,6 Glen Part aye., off Twelfth st. '
(JJ 1 A HOUSE OF 6 LARGE ROOMS AND
<IPXV. yard. 917 Treat, aye., -ear . Twenty-
second Ht.
! C? I •-{ it< .ii. rooms and large
<jpxo. yard. 212V^ Eleventh su
1 A ROOMS PACIFIC HEIGHTS; ARTISTIC;
'" modern: furnished or not: or will sell one-
third c«Bh, balance same as rent. The McCarthy
Co., 646 .Market st.
npo"LET-FINE HOUSE. WITH stable; 8
-L rooms with bath; $40; water free: will rent
without stable, $33 50. Apply at 618 I ell st.
OUSE— A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAM— OND, 10
Montgomery st, . ■ •
T OOK AT 9-ROOM HOU*E. 26 FRANKLIN
'-< St.. near Market: $35 with water: cheap rent.
VURNISHED HOUSES.
WANTED— A 3 OK 4 ROOM FURNISHED
'» flat or cottage for lady and 3 children: must
be centrally located and reasonable rental. Ad-
Cress with . particulars MRS. GRAALFS, 411%
dallfornla st . city. ' ■
COTTAGES TO LET.
I'TAGif 4~SU >Tn Y~ROoMs7~HALir~AND
V basement; large yard and a fowlbouse. 123
Euricea st., beu Eighteenth and Nineteenth: Cas-
tro cable or Eighteenth -st. electric cars. ,
OTTAOK, REAK OF 2939 MISSION ST.;
nl c rooms and stable; rent $8.
pOTTAGE: 3SUNNY ROOMS: YAKD; BASE-
\J ment: small family. 1-30 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
79 LOTT— COTTAGE 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
I _ 1 garden In front; rent $19; owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
FLATS TO LET.
FL AT rTTftO^OMsT^ALOOVEI
Vlw. bath: latest Improvement* 1312V4 Brod-
erlck st.. near Geary. * . -
CtlQ 'I HANDSOME NEW UPPER 4-ROOM
O'O. Hats: all modern. Sacramento and Brod-
erlck gts. -
L LAT, 5 BUNNY ROOMS;. BATH: MODERN
I Improvements: marine view. 112014 Fllberu
7A£ ELLIS ST.— UPPER rUT OF 4 OR 5
• vl) rooms; furnished or unfurnished. - ■'< i
inn LEAVEN WORTH ST.- FLAT OF 5
XOI.V rooms; modern improvements; rent $18.
3 SUNNY FLATS— 4 AND 5 ROOMS, BATH,
$22 and $15. 149 and 713 Grove st.
VINE UPPEK FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH, ETC.,
r $22: lower flat, 6 rooms, bath, laundry, large
yard, $.5: both above in perfect condition: on
12th st., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $16.
DEMPSTER, 86 Glen Park aye., off 12th su
T9O I VORK.BETWEKN TWENTY-FOURTH
I_Ol and Twenty-flfth; 2 upper modern flats;
6 rooms; $12 and $16.
Vfi] _ »UTTER — NICE SUNNY FLAT;
—Ul tr yard front and rear: rent $15.
ODKRN FLAT; 6 KOOMS; BATH. 4235
Twentieth s  near Castro.
P.AO NINTH — BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5
«Jv'_ rooms and bath; rent low.
VUCK SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS; IN GOOD
JA order; rent $10. 224*4 O'Farrell aU .;■
T OWEK BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 6 LARGE
XJ rooms. 30% Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
T\EBIRABL_TSUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
' 1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Goush; rent, in-
; eluding water, $42 60.
i /1A77 TWKNTY-THIKD — LOWER FLAT:
I tr \J I I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bam
large yard: sun all day; rent $14; wa er free.
r» "I f\ 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
nipXv. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye.
TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery St. . " -. -i ..'
fl» I 7 FLAT 5 ROOMS AND .BATH. 1027
Q 1 I • Post St., near Pollr.
"I QA7 KTEINEK. NEAR BUTTKK- LOWER
XOU i flat 5 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
| AF_Q7 EIOHTEENTH-4 AND 5 ROOMS;
*± t)O I hath: $11 ana $13.
Ql X DOKKBT- OFF BRYANT— A FLAT OF
OXO 4 rooms; $9. - Inquire 319.
UNNY UPPER FLAT 4KO MS: YARD. 52
Norfolk su, near Eleventh, off Folsom.
'BW FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
' water free. 529 Ivy aye. ".<?•■>£
I^LEGANT NKW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BB-
J low Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, liaih: $8 10 $16.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
Bush htreet. "
1 901 BUSH— UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
X— Ul housekeeping; use ot gas. ■ 's.-y^i
Eddr Street.
9Q EDDY-SUNNY FRONT SUITE. SINGLE
— O or double; also light housekeeping rooms-
reasonable.
Q| 7 EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HoUSE-
OXt keeping rooms; splendid location: private.
—ills street.
no ELLIS— UNFURNISHED PARLOR
U4.(.j floor of a, 8 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
i i fill Street. — — ~
Q-I A FIFTH - SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
il 1 I dow room; kitchen; bath; renovated- pri-
vate; $12.
: .
Howard Street.
7£l 1 HOWARD - NICELY FURNISHED
» \) 1 3 sunny suite, with kitchen; others; reason-
able. -
byde Street.
91 A HYDE-LARGE FRONT AND 2 OTHER
— X\J rooms tor housekeeping.
Jones Street.
CAT JONES- PLEASANT bUNNY ROOMS
O\JU housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
Larkin roc.
090 LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
O_U keeping aptmts: Ist floor; gas ranges; bath.
49Q LARKIN — NICELY" >' I II.NISKEi)
rt_t7 sunny housekeeping rooms; al-io single.
McAllister Street.
71 A McALLISTEB— 3 OR 4 SUNNY UNFUR-
I X*± ntsbed rooms; bath; suitable for house-
keeping. UUI "^
' Minna Street.
MINNA -FURNISHED ROOMB FOR
kJ^iD housekeeping: large yard.
* llllW Mem,
QA 7 MISSION-FURNISHED ROOMS COM-
t/tt I plete for housekeeping.
10^ MI8Slo?f - FRONT ROOM AND
X\Jk)k) others complete for housekceDimt- *m
and up. , " •""■• . *°
Pearl Street.
3:PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
0 or 3 well-furnished housekeeping rooms.
(Seventh Street.
1 Of» SEVENTH-NICE SUNNY FtTriNISH-
I OU ed housekeeping rooms from $10 month no.
107 SEVENTH - FURNISHED ROOMS
XO I from $1 np ; also housekeeping and transient.
149 SEVENTH - NEWLY RENoVaTED
J T^ rooms: suites and kitchen; also 2 rooms for
light housekeeping.
So nth Parß.
"I n SOUTH PARK — FURNISHED HOUBE-
-1y) keeping suites to $12; 3 untarnished $7.
Scott Street.
1 fil 4- 8C0 . 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS: UN-
-IUII furnished; bath; garden; from $16; call
P. M.
Turk .Street.
1 -in TU RK- Elegantly furnished
X l\j suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twenty-sixth Street.
ml TWENTY-SIXTH ST., NR. MISSION-
-2 Nicety furnished clean housekeeping
rooms: rent low; yard. .
Miscellaneous.
"BURNISHED AND UNFUBNIBHED-FINE
X rooms and flat In quiet family; reasonable
terms; board for persons wishing French convtr-
salion. Inquire at 1610 < lay st. _ »■■
ROOMS r' TO LET. *•
1-Uhli ttreeu -
n-l C BUSH-NICK DOUBLE FRONT ROOM;
DID private family; $8. , '
. Clement Street.
Q9O CLEMENT ST., COR. FIFTH AYE.,
O_ ' Richmond— furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath.., •
Clementina Street. '. '
QAQ* CLEMENTINA— RM. WITH OR
O\JO without board; family speaks 3 languages.
... . — <KUtU , street. .
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 2* BTH
su, sear Market; ; !_nlsh«d and unfurnished.
■ BOOMS TO LET-Conttnned.
' 1 ■;;....-.-■ ..--'"''■*tree:. . :-?,.:■
ROYAL lIOUSK, 126 ELLIS-ELECTRIC
lights In every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers: open all night: rooms, ncr night. 36c
to $1 50: week, S2 to $8: month, $8 to SO; fire
escapes; elevator on olfice floor- r'ms for families.
fjIHK BAMOSA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATK 8.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot A cola water.
991 ellis, nkar Taylor— for best
O_ 1 lodging we recommend theKosedale House.
000 ELLIS tTHR PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
O_ _ CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
1 •it It street.
QAQ FIFTH— NEW MODERN HOUSE :«UN-
OU Uny bay-window. $2 upward; also house
keeping rooms, $12 to $14. , -
_: lourtli ■ Street.
99K FOURTn-FURNISHED ROOMS BUIT-
_ _«.! able, for 2 gentlemen ; $5 per month.
■ OtarvM roo.. •
91 71 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
—XI 2 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
Cl Q GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
t)lO fices, suites and single: sunny: bath.
711 OEAKY— S UNFUKMHHtD bUTTsT
111 rooms; rear; yard. ■ • ■
791 GEARt— LAKQK HANDSOMELY FUK-
-I—l nlshed rooms; rent reasonable. .
rrHE MAKTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites: single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
.. ; •■■ - tiuwuril street.
7 A J. HOWARD ST.. COR. THIRD— FINELY
Iv'l furnished suites and rooms; also house-
keeping. " '
Q 1 9 HOWARD-NICE ROOMS AND BATH
0 1 _ from $4 to $6 a month. ,
71 HOWARD — LARGE ROOM SUIT-
% % able for 1 or 2 men; gas, bath: private.
1 OH 4 ) HOWAKD-:3 OK 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
IOU— rent $8.
Hyde Street,
QQO HYDE. Nil. ELLIS — NICELY FUR-
OD^j nished sunny room.; folding-bed; piano;
reasonable.
;...' : <«vi.niT >ireo..
QA KEARNY— FRONT SUITE (FURNISHED)
• >" and single rooms; tourist solicited.
\ KUNGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
-V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable.
'E HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
one* Street.
mJONES-NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room; private.
907 .'«>NES -THIS VAN WINKLK: NEW
—v' I management: elegant tunny suites anl
tingle: newly furnished; batn. etc.: 810 to SSll.
Lark in street.
"I AC LAKKIN -NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
X\Jk) gle and double rooms: rent. low.
Q1 7 La"RKIN — NICELY KUKMIshtK
OX I rooms : single, double and housekeeping.
. Leavenworth street.
1 A 1 O HEAVEN WORTH - FURNISHED OR
X IU unfurnished suuny rooms; front hall
room, $4. . ■ •
flmrKof «-ire«..
QZ(\ MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON— ELK-
OO\J gantly furnished; en suite or single; day,
week or month. .
VOBKMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PUR
X night, 350 to $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families.
liibs.on street.
1 QQA MISSION - LARGE NEWLY ''UR-
J. i)OU nished room, $10; bath, grate; nr. Ninth.
3*liiti;i >tr«o.,
41 Q MINNA-LARGE UNFURNISHED SUN-
tr L O ny front room to let.
- Montgomery Avenue.
A 1 QA MONTGOMERY AVK.-NKWLY FUR-
"I LO nished sunny rooms; every convenience-
s 6 up. . •- '
\7 i Ninth Street.
1 "I Q NINTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, DAY
I X «' week or month; lower flat. t
*j'x »rreil IkfMl.
fil f* COMFORTABLE HOME
\JXKJ small Enellsh family; excellent board op-
tional; reasonable.
Post Street.
7(\\ POST— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, SINGLE AND
i \7U double: gentlemen only; terms reasonable.
1 owe. 1 street.
99;: POWELL, - Con. -GEARY— 3 LARGE
— — sunny front rooms. j
'- San Carlos Avenue.
99f> 9AN CARLOS AYE.-6 ROOMS AND
__U bath; water Included, $20. .
tl-iUS ree..
m CHEAPEST IN. THE CITY:
nicely. fornlsheo double and single rooms. I
MjuUi Park.
in SOUTH PARK— NICELY FURNISHED
X\J front room, $5.
Mocklon street. ■
9AOI STOCKTON — NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
— V'— 3 suite or single. MRS. TA PEL Y. ■
Muter -iroo;.
7AQ PUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
I V/O newly furnlsht-d sunny rooms: en suite or
single. . ■
1 1 Aii St'TTKR. COR. POLK-FINK SUNNY
XX rt(J furnished rooms; reasonable; light house-
keeping: transient. -
Taylor Street.
1 fIQ TAYLOR— LARGE DOUBLE PARLORS,
X\'tJ $20: single and double rooms. $125 and $2.
IJUTAY L OU - NEWLY FURNISHED
XI O gunny rooms. $10 up; hot-water bath.
PL99 TAYLOR— F URNISnED SUNNY
'>— _ rooms; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. _
Third Street.
m THIRD— FRONT, SUNNY, NEWLY
1«1 furnished rooms: $6 and $8 per month.
Thirteenth Street. »
990 THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
__U Mission— Single furnished front room, $5.
\ an . ens AVKiiutt.
VKWLY FUR. SUNNY BOOMS] MODERN
-.1 flat: hoard optional. Inquire 808 Van Ness.
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL-FUR-
nlshed room<. single or on suite: 88 and »16un.
UOAKDING AND ROOMS.
KQ^GETKIf^rSuxNY SUlT_TwiTirpK£
•■''JO vate ba;h; suitable for a family; also sunny
single rooms; excellent French board.
707 ELLIS— WIsLL-FURNISHED FRONT
I"' bay-win idw rooms, with or without board.
CIOLUMBIA HOTEL— D. BUgKLKY. Foi?
V^ merly proprietor or the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that bis former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise; Mr. Buckley's free bases meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy su : meals 25c.
THE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEY-
X worth— Newly tarnished rooms, suites orsingle.
HO'i'KL BKHTLINU. 714 I.IBH-A FAMILY
hotel: reference* given and required; all mod-
• r>i ronv<»nl''n'-''<. -
'.'CHI LUUEN BUAKUKO.'
U' IDO\V~WOULd" L7K^~A~LIfTLE^GI[RL
»» between 2% to 6 years of age to board.
Apply at 809 Baker st.
• ' OFFICES TO LET. \
SPRECKKLS BUILDING. 927 M.ARKKT—
Eli-gani sunny offices, $12 50 up: electrlc-lizhf
heating and janitor service tree. Apply «t building
or G. H. UMBSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
DKMTISTS.
rT^Skorgb^'w~. :j ~ 'llbekTtF-ik oenuinb
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee' or improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st
THIRST-CLASS DKNTISTKY: - FIRST-CLASS
X" prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAlt
DIM-'. CM.. M.D.. 600 Sntter gt.. corner Powell.
• |K. fucKKTi, 170S i-xj-V ci., .\t.AK HiJ~
XJ. en a nan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
"TVK. L. T. . RAN Z-EXIR ACTION PAINLJSB.S,
XJ crown work, bridge » work and teeth wttoou:
plates a specialty. 108 Geary St., cor. Grant ava.
©7 A SKT for TKKTH: WARRANTED AS
iff * good as can be made: ailing $1. Dr. SIMMS.
dentl.ti. 980 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater. •
I\K. LuDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET HT.~
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whet
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per act; extracting 60c; gas given. - -
"LULL, .-jk 4 OF -IKJ-. Hi. $7; WARRANTED
X n\T years. ;: DIL V. VaLkk V, "Jl Sixth st.
SET OF TifiKTH WITHOUT A ri-ATK uu. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk SU ;^
AINLKSS tXTKACTJON. 60c: CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 np. 13 rear 1
experience. y R. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 815»4 Geary.
101/ TON JJKNTAti ASSOCIATION. »Ud MAO?
' ketst. DR. CHARLES W. DECKKB. , ,:-;-
DX. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
J / Gatw hyp.- Open nines: i-pn»li>r< till noon,
— ______________________ __.
TYPEWRITJfiKS.
"DEMINGTON, $35: SMITH, $60; MKND FOR
XV sample work. _COTT <_ BANK AN, B33Xnt«iny
• t . - - ■-- -. :v . « ■■...-..■--..- ...JT.- . .
CITTY REAL ESTATE.
CC. bemis. T~: ~"^ *** r~~r- ~
• BEAL KSTATB AND LAND AGENT, '•'
: 324 MOKTGUM££YST.
FOR SALK.
F^rfe?'26 I xro0 O kl tan . 3Paa 8U . b *-°- 1 RD(I
\ f"°- *™ Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$b, 00-50x127:6 feet ou Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. • *
6000-2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
pant; .'5x137 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. ■ -
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison sU.
bet. Ursi ana Fremont.
I w. ! L ( £ ) "^: I**1 *** nt n w - comer of Cole and Carl sts.
SKUO— Choice building lots north of Dark.
VOX . SALE; KEAL ESTATE BY.PAOIFJC
-l Bank, for cash; parties seeking investments In
City or country property, will find this a good op-
portunity tor bargains. Apply at office, 530 Cal-
foruia st., S. F.
TVTIiW COTTAGE; WELI, FINISHED- GOOD
Xl well; 2 lots; $600: part cash. Cosmopolitan
aaloon. near House of Correction.
$1 Rfi C ,?, ST * 323: Lor - GIFT MAPS.
<g)-LOU. CHAS. C. FISHER. 607 California st.
$ l )7^fi MUST BE SOLD: GOLDEN U,\ IE
<#_ I *t\J. aye., nearDevisaderost.: 25x137:6:
cost owner over $3000; street macadamized and
sewered. BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
MUST LEAVE THE CITY: WILL
v/ sell at a great sacrifice for caih; SW. cor. Fol-
som and 21st sts., 9.">x90 ft.
W i COR. 20TH & TREAT AYE., 25x110 FT.
p ALSO 60x100 FT. N. SIDE PAGE ST.. 87
feet from Shrader. bet. Shrader and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
OUBST.VNTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
0 at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
.S>l 00 000 T< » LOAN, CITY, AT 6*: ALSO
(DIW.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
KHI^ n C^ % «r ea l estate in iTobute. small oriarge sums.
BHiJMWALD, BLCKBEE & CO., 318-220
Montgomery st. • . .
V OR «ALE— VALENCIA-ST. CORNEK AT A
-■■ sacrifice. Apply to owner. KELLY, 102 Eddy.
pHEAP - ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
rooms: bath: finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tuues: stone walks.
On Waller »t.. nr. Htan^'an. i/ Mock <;. GatP Park.
COUNTKY REAL ESTATE.
.^BOOO 20 AC .RES OF CHOICE LAND 1%
<P*->\J\J\J. miles from good town; 1 acre (trapes:
» acres orchard: all fenced: house of 5 rooms,
good biru, living-water, also 1 bone, cow. 60
chickens, wagon, plow, etc.; will exchange for
small cottage or building lots.
f)NLY $220 PER ACRE-15 ACRES OF BEST
\J varieties of fruit trees of fine growth; never-
falling stream of wat r through the place: on main
county road and only % mile from r ilroad sta-
tion and county seat; owner compelled to dispose
of he property.
A FINE PIECE OF INCOME PROPERTY,
jr\. containing 40 acres, 2 miles from town; 20
acres alfalfa; 13 acres of best grapes; 6 acres
assorted fruits; house, barn, 2 horses, Imple-
ments: paid $1500 latKyear; price $5000; cash or
exchange. EDWIN K. ALSIP & Co.,
Room 29. second floor, Mills bulletins.
If Ok RENT— FULLY FURNISHED RE-
*- sort; Sonoma County; reasonable terms to re-
?.o° n « 1 M c . par ; t /- K DWiN K. ALSIP <£. CO., room
■J9, Mills building, second floor.
—
i PORTLAND, OREGON, FRUIT FARM:
-»■ For sale-20-acre farm in high state of culti-
vation; seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of grapes, namely: the Concord, Diamond,
i- aton, Moore's Early Women, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundred large red gooseberries;
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, apples,
prunes, plums: one and a half acres p anted of
I" ay sand cherry currants; new five-room hard-
nnisned one and a half storyr house, heated by
hot water; a barn: wagon-shed: new greenhouse,
-0x62; good well: fine water; windmill and run-
ning water the year round; this place Is on a good
level county road, four miles from Portland city
limits and eight miles from center of lortland;
price, $10,000. or can be livided Into two 10-ncre
i** 01 *-" 58 tract with building. $6000: the other,
*4UUU; three and a half acres of grapes on each
tract; It Is divided by county road; lermaare half
cash, balance at 6 per cent Address FRED KIU
LI.N D, Fulton P. 0., Multnomah County, Oregon.
\[ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES Vf6 MILES
z! from city; lo a any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle bniiding.
A LA M E I) A COUNT V FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
A « st In the State; selling in tracts. 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to sell; 1 i/a hoars inn S. F. ;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
T ITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN, IM-
XJ proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s*, S. F.
r>OKCASH OK CITY RE A L ESTATE— S-ACKE
-L good improved ranch In Petal u ma. Apply 516
Second st. ;; . - .-■
TO RJ..NT— FAR^I OF 200 ACRKS; FULLY
J- equipped; cheap. Address D., box 66. Call.
SEXDFOKOUK LIST UK OKCHAKU HOMK3
for »al*. WmwTKit A WM l'l-l -UN*. v-.., >>.
~ ~SIJBIKBA> REAL ESTATE.
ALTA PUNTA TRACT, THE GEM ■ OF TIIK
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to
$v! 00: small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HA IP HT. 220 SatKOmest.. San Francisco. Cal.
ECU CATION AL.
MUSICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
in staging; $4 a month. ~ 854 Mission st.
MRS. MELVILLE SNYDER. 715 POST ST.;
vocal music; piano; elocution ; practical
Shakespearean and general dramatic acting a npe»
cialty; vocal classes Monday Bp. v. : $1 a month.
ELOCUTION. DKAMA. DELSARTE. PHYSI-
caI culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 299 H yde st. ; call after Ip. I*.
B OWEN'S ACAOKMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley, special classes lor the universities.
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 PUS IST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telecraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
pKOFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X. violin, guitar, mandolin, basjo. 1707 Mar- el.
\ r I G > SBUS.CULLKGE;24
-.1 Poat;comnierclal. shorthand, English; low rates
OuKKEKPING BY TARRj ONLY ACCOUNT-
XJ ant teaching; y 3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.
X~tTKNb~"siiEHL'SCOLLEGE,723 MARKET
n. St. The very best Individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp, Typewriting, etc., $1 : books free.
OOKKPNO, WRITNG. ABITHMTC. GRAMR
day Ani ■ ht : nocla's"s : $5 month. 845 Mission
I 1 lUTAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
Vjr lessons: $3 ma MARY WEsTHAI'S. 39 Fifth.
JOSEPH GRt-VEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. .
sJPaNIsU. FRENCH, UKKMAN; MODEKATiS.
1 -Mflsterachaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell sc-
YRES*. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery su; Individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50: low rales per week and month.
|>ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Xi Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on slave. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0.1-. block, 7th and MkU
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MS-
-0 c_anlcal engineering, surveying, architectural
•f«ar-. estsh. 64. VAN DKR NAILI.KN. 72M' > ric^
LEUAL NOTICES. ~~
PURSUANT" TO A^^JFTcßifCfcroT^^tKCLCV
X sure and sale, made In the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice Is hereby given that the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
at the Courthouse (Alilolani Hale) in Honolulu.
Island of Oahu, H. x., on Wednesday, August 26.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. P. c. JONEs,
Receiver of Lanal Ranch.
This property is known as the Lanul Ranch, lo-
cated on the Island of Lanat, comprising 11,500
acres more or less In fee simple, and leases rf 48 -
640 seres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916-
-the annual rentals are about $1800. , '
This estfate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses for all purposes, all In good re-
pair, with cisterns, wooißhed and Dress, and a
tto:k of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count.
1 be lands are capable of carrying 100,000 sheep
and 10,000 head of cattle. As a sheep run It is
the most voluabie on toe islands. The lands now !
owned and controlled | by present owners virtually
control the entire island or Litnai.
1 There are rich grasses suitable , for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
island.
(steam communication between Lanal and Hon-
olulu every week. • ' . . , - i r~-
A map showing all the lands controlled by the
•state and a detailed schedule of the property to
oe sold can be seen and further particulars can be
had at the oftve of Messrs. Welch «St Co., 220 Cali-
fornia Bt.. San Francisco.
Terms of sale will De cash In United States gold
coin.
Honolulu, May 15, 1896. 1
P. C JONES. Receiver.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT -IN AND FOR
the City and County of San Francisco, State of
Callforn a— Department No. 9 (Probate).
In the matter of the estate of DAVID GOOD-
ALE, deceased. Order to show cause ' why order
of sale of real estate should not be made.
A. C FRKESE, the administrator of the estate
of DAVID GOODALE, deceased, having filed his
petition herein, duly, verified, > praying for an
order of rale of the whole of the real estate of said
decedent, for the pur: oses therein set forth, •■
I It Is therefore ordered by the said court that til
persons interested in the estate of said deceased
at. pear before the said Superior Court on Monday,
the 18th day of July, 1896, at 10 o'clock In the
forenoon of said day, at tne courtroom of -Depart
men t No. 9 (Probate) of said Superior Court, at
the new City Hall In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of Callforn'a, to show cause why
an order should not be granted to the said amlnis-
trator to sell 10 much of the real estate of the said
deceased as shall be necessary. . ■
And that a ropy of this order be published at
least once a week tor 4 successive week* In the
Han Francisco Call, a newspaper printed and
published In said City and County. . ~ , -
Dated Jane 12, A.D.I ■»96. - -
' ■ J. V.' OOF FEY; Jndge of the Superior Court. :
J. D. SULLIVAN, Attorney for Petitioner. Chron-
icle building, San Francisco. Cal. : -
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 908 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
•^fiOnn 2-STORY HOUSE OK 8 ROOMS:
1,0 V *aW mid ern and complete; lot 60x
112; .V side of Twenty-third ru, near Telegrapn
?.\*V... rasy terTn ": street work all done. A. 11.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
*Bs^7^O 2-STORY 8-ROOM HOl'i- : M-.W
«4«JI«JU. and all modern; Just n Sl ,ed: N.
side of Twenty-third s'., between Grove and Tele-
graph aye. : lot »oxl]2; e.sy terms: street work
dune. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
<97 NKW 2-STOKY HOUSK: ALL
_ — I kJVJ, modern: 8 rooms; lot 83x165;. n «r
Twenty-third st. and Telesrapli aye. ; easy terms-
s reet work all done. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
»»y. - ■ ■ __^
ffiOl NKW AND ALL MODERN TWO
«IP«J-1 kJ\F. story house; 8 rooms: jus- com-
pleted; lo: 85x112; -on -seventh st., be-
Tele raph and drove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Erondwa.. . ■ ■ ■- ■
■ft I ")()(\ NEW MODERN COTTAGE OF 5
' • ■*• *■""• rooms and bath; high basement; lot
riSxlOO: J.oxley aye.. near Clinton: easy terms.
\.H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
51 I 1 C\(\ HOUSE 4 ROOMS; LOT 27:6x97:
ijpllvu. on Twenty-sixth St.. near Market;
must be sold; thla is a - bargain; street work aii
done, a. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
ft97Kfl 6-HOOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
*iT^< I O\J. em: lot 32x105; Fourteenthst.,near
Adeline: a bargain; street work all Cone. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. -v.y. •
*4? 99 ?\{ \ WE WILL BUILD YOU a new 6-
*iP~immK)\'. room house, with all modern un-
rroveir.ents, in the Grove-su Tract, Grove and
Kuph sts., for $2230, or an 8-rooru house for
$.500: lots 40x125; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. IUIQ Broadway.
ARGAIN-f 100 ASH; $10 65 PEK MONTH:
U house of 5 rooms and bath: force pnmp: small
stable; lot MJxiOO; 10 minutes' walk 10 local
train; price $900. WM. P. TuDD, 100 Broad-
way. Oakland. ■
OAKLAND BOUSES: TO LKT.
OAKLAND — 1364 FRANKLIN; 1 OR 2
yeais: 14-rooni, >-unny, full furnished house:
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge: $60: reference: call 10 ta 6 v K.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
\.i AKIPOSA— MRS. EMMA? H. ADAM'S^
-'« Newly furnisued or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 566
Eleventh St.. near Jefferson. Oakland, Cal.
J FOURTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET;
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and pastern exposure. 1203 Canrn at. !
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOX SALE.
\TEW BRUeSKLS CA«PET, 49c YARD^AT
■*-> li. SCHKLLHAAS'. 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS:
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA RKAL ESTATE.
YOUR TERMS ARE OURS. ■ ;
<2»9^nn PRETTY COTTAGE; SIX ROOMS
<jp— *J\J\J. and bath; C 1039 to Chestnut-st. sta-
tion, N. G.: lot 40x140.
©QAAA HANDSOME NEW COTTAGE; 6
tip u\J\J\J. rooms aud bath: near Maatick sta-
tion, N. G.
5299nn * 25 CASH; $20 MONTHLY: 37.6
tjp_j_»w. frontage; landsome new colonial
cottage; 5 rooms and bath. . .
©97^0 25 CASH; $25 MONTHLY: 37.5
«_s— I ill', xlOO; N.W. corner: cottage, 5 rooms.
SPECIAL BARGAINS IN LOTS.
. Houses and Stores to Let from $10 I'd. i .
MABCUSE & Contractors and Home
Builaers, Bay-sL Station, Alameda, CaL Tel. 2. !■
Office open Sundays and holidays."
•^9OOO 4-ROOM COTTAGE; $50 CASH;
«Jp_.UUVJ. 20 per month.
A $2300 6-room cottage; $300 cash; *25 per
month. ,
$2750— 5-room cottage; $250 cash; $25 per
month. ' *
$3i)00-6-room house $200 cash : 825 per month.
$40 JO— 7-room bouse; $800 cash ; $25 per month.
All modern houses on improved streets and con-
venient to trains: have ttlso a few magnificent
houses at reduced prices and on easy terms.
• JOSEPH A. LEONARD & CO..
' 1364 Park St., Alameda.
•ftKfWMI BEAUTIFUL- nTTw^ modern
_x&\J\J\J\J. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed: large rooms: Central ava,
one block west of Park st.; It will surely please
yon; Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M.UKAV.
46S Ninth at. Oakland. '
-alameda furnished houses!
TO-LET - FrRNISH^DT^T^£^MErjA7~A
1 nice cory 6-room cottage in central part of city
6 minutes' walk to station on either broad or nar-
row-gauge; oommuta lon ticket, good on either
road: owner going away and would let house for 1,
2or 3 months at very low rent to responsible par-
ty. Inquire at 2132 Alameda aye., Alamedn, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OSEPH J. MASON, real ESTATE AND
insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
GOOD HOMES FOR KENT UK FOR SALK
VJ on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
I »nd building. 2123 OntPr St.. Rprlc-lev.
FROPERTr TO EXCHANGE.
OOf) ACHES. KERN COtTNTY (CLSAR);
O— v/ Oakland, Alameda property. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
JQA-ACKi-. RANCH (CLEAR) To KX-
"iOV change for small ranch, town or city pro d-
erty. Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
5 ACRE COMPLETE P IULTKY AND FRUIT
ranch at Fruitvale: $6000; Want house and lot.
J. H. EPSON. 908 BroaJway, Oakland.
BARGAIN; 6-KOOM HOUSES: RICHMOND:
$500 cash; lots or merchandise accepted. 1402
Devlsaderost.
]90/J ACRES TIMBER LAND. KERN CO.
I«jUW wßier; fine for cattle-rnlxlng. N..hx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED — GOOD INCOME PROPERTY-
not over $10,000: must be a bargain. Ad-
dress 1. C. box 156, Call OBice.
f^OR RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION I\"
Berkeley: lot 100x_70: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.: all beautifully
furnished: to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. B>rke|p-. _^
——————_—- ______ ___„
MO>K¥ TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BONDS, DIAMONDS,
. watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; interest low; private entrance-
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELKY
STORE, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
rst per month for each tlOOO; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOANED ON JEWKLKV AND
other valuables at th* Security Loan Office,
1106Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
IRECT ON YOUR FUKNITUKK OK PIANO;
XJ no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Donohue bldg. 1170 Market st.
AN V AMOUNT: IST, Xl» or 3D MORTGAGES:
estates, undivided interests, real estate In uro-
bate. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
•IBT&2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN K.S.
utps:lowe« rates :no d»IBv.MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
i KVA^CIiSONDIAAIONiIS.JKVVKLKY. JSTU
S\ Columbia Ix>an * Collateral Office. 8 Grant aye.
OANS WITHOUT INTEREST UP TO $20
* on good aecnriiy. Labor Exchange. 226 Clay.
PAWNBROKERS.
T 128 KEARNY £5T^ "r6o_" "9— MONK Y
*»• loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: prl-
VMe rooms: elevator: pledges for sal j cheap.
.-■;. PHYSICIANS. ~ "
D_Al^"E^rD^??v7r^O : DONNKLL TO lifflS
XV Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 y eats'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. ■
HOTEL TO LEASE.
6!" LET— THE W." TELL HOUSE. 317-319
Bush st. : this well-known hotel Is ■ thoroughly
renovated, considerably Improved: compares wttn
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISON A KIT I: X E
LAIKSI SHIPPING XNTELLItiiiNCI!;.
';■':«■: Foreign Ports. v. ■; • . •
HAMBURG— July I— Br ship Cambrian
Kiug. from Portland. - ...
HONG KONG- Sailed July 2— Brstmr Empress
of India, for Vancouver. ■•
SWANSEA— SaiIed July i I— Br ship Glenflnart,
for San Franclsso.
WHIMS— MARRIAGES —
fßlrth. marnacean-1 death no'.lcM sent br m \'.
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In v.
either of the publication offices and be indorse I
with the name and residence of persotu autuarizji
to have the same puollshed.]
IJORN. , . i
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city, July 2, 1836,
to the wife of H. H. Christiansen, a son.
FERR Y-June 28, 1896, to the wife of J. E. Ferry,
a daughter. |§QgasSg§£gjgj&X
PHIPPS— In this cltv, June 30, 1896, to the wife
of Gustavus V. Phipps. a son. 'i^lHjHMliUH'i'ftlllljlJi
YON ST ADEN— ibis city, June 80, 1896, to the
wife of Chris yon Staden, a sou. < < .
■
MARRIED.
BRYANT-HARDY— In this city, June 21, 1896,
at st. Mary* Cathedral, by the Rev. P. C. Yorke.
John Bryant and Lillian R. Hardy, both of San
Francisco.
CRAPO— SICKLESMITH— In this city, July 2.
1896, by the.Rev. Eber O. Mathcua, D.D.. Her-
-1 bert ; Crapo ; and Ida e-Icklesmlth, both of San
Francisco.- . ;
PAULIN— In this city, July 1, 1898,
KaenarF. I'aulin and Faustina H. Bllnn.
THOMAS-LKWIS-In this cltv. July 3, 1896, by
the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, Charles A. Thomas and
Elvira Lewis, both of Sulsun, Sclano County.
Cal.
WARRINGTON— BOWEN— in this city, July 3,
1M36. by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dille, John W. War-
rlngton and Mary Bowen, both of San Francisco.
WINTER— BLAKK-In Benicia, Cal., June 24.
1898. by th» Rev. Father Shaw, James H. Win-
ter of San > ra icisco and Minnie Blake of Beni-
cia, Cal. . ■ : • ; - ;
— — — — —
Alexander, Ernestine ■, Leyden. John
Bolsser»nt. Marie Lundquist, Mrs. Emma
Bouner, Ellen . McKenna. James
Brims, Henry Qainian. Thomas
< on.sldlne. Daniel Quinn, James
Denlgln, Elleu Rhodes. Mrs. Elizabeth
Dunn, Timothy 1. Hiordan, John P.
Edsen. Anna E. Schmidt £r.. Louis
Feehan, Theresa schultz. Phillip
Fry Harley EL Sordham, Patrick -
c;riin:h, Jeanie . Tuber, Joseph E.
Kehoe, Peter ; Toomey, Patrick
Kurre. Johanna White, L. _
Wynne, Daniel
ALEXANDER— In Elko. Nev., July 2, 1896. Er-
nestine Alexander, a native of Prussia, aged 58
years.
BONNER— In this city. Ellen, beloved wife of
Nell Bonner. and mother of Mr*. Mamie King,
Nell, Maggie, Daniel. John, Philip and Fannie
Bonner, and sister of Owen and Charts* Herald
and Mrs. Campbell, a native of the par sh of
Clonmeny, county Donegal, Ireland, aged 39
years.
•y'Frlends and acquaintances- ar* ■ n»^oect-
fully invited to attend thn funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. if., from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Campbell. 1040 Kentucky
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, Butte and
lennesaee streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 8:15 o'clock a. _ Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery- !
BOISSERANT— In this city. July 2, 1896, Mar c
Bolsserunt, a native of France, aced 30 years.
BKUNS-In this city. July I. 1896, Honrr. be-
loved husband of Marie Bruns. and father of
Augusta and Helens Bruns, a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 49 years 1 month and 27 days.
A member of Verein Kmtracbt aud Mission
urn Vereln.
Friends and acquaintances nr<» ronw-
fully invited to attend the funeral OK ROW
.(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. it. : from nis late
residence, 337 Thirteenth slreet, between Mis-
sion and Valencia, thence to Virein-Elntracht
Hall, where funeral services will be held nt 'i
o clock p. m. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CONSTDINE— In this city, July 3, 1898. Daniel
Consldine, son of Thomas and the late Margaret
Lonsidine, a native of the parish of Canbarnia,
County Claire, Ireland, aged 43 years.
BSfFrlends and acquaintances ar» r*nnect- I
. fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 11:15 o'clock a. m., from the under-
taking parlors of McGinn Bros 31 Kddy street,
thence to St. Claries Borromeo Church, where
services will be celebrated for the repose or his
soul, commencing at 12 o'clock m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
DENIGIN-ln this city, July 3, 1836, Ellen, be-
loved wife of Fran- Denigln, a native of County
Loneford, Ireland, aged 67 years. ;
&yNo:lce of funeral hereafter. V*
DUNN— In thl* city, July 2.1896, Timothy 1.,
: dearly beloved son of the late Timothy and
Mary Dunn, and brother of Mary. William J.
and Jamm Dunn and the late John P. Dnnn,
a native of San FranHsoo, a?eJ 27 years 4 months
and 7 days. Portland (.Me.) papers please copy.
SS~ Friends and acquaintances are .resnect-
fu."y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday).. at 9:30 o'clock a. k., from his late
residence. 39 ' Lou sa street, near Fourth, thence
tost. Patrick's Church, Mission street, for ser-
vices at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers. ' ,
EDSKN— IO this city, July 3, 1896, Anna E. Ed-
sen, beloved wife of Carl H. Edsen, and daughter
of John and Elizabeth siaude, and sister of Fred,
Henry, John and Charles Maude and Mm Louis
Weismann. a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
26 years 4 months and 15 days.
*B"Krlend< and acquaintance") are rpsonc'.-
fully Invited to attend th® funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. rrom the resi-
dence of her parents, 118 Trenton street, be-
tween Pacific and Jsckson. Powell and Stockton,
interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
FEKHAN— In Oakland. July 2. 1896, Theresa,
beloved daughter of Tobias and Mary e'eehau,
sister of Minnie and Charles Feehan. and grand-
daughter of Charles O' Boyle, a native of Oak-
land. a;e;i 7 years and 10 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at the residence of the parents. 989
Pine street, Oakland. Interment SU Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
FRY-In Oakland, July 2. 1898, narley EarleFry,
a native of Kansas, aged 25 years 1 month and
21 days.
GRIFFITH— In San Rafael. July 2. IS9B, Jeanie.
beloved wife of Mill en Griffith, aged 65 years.
Funeral services and Interment private.
No flowers.
KEHOE— In this city, July 8, 1896, Peter Kehoe,
a native or County Carlow. Ireland, aged 84 years.
fSt. Louis (Mo.) papers please copy.J
JBs~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited 10 attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:39 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 225 Minna street, thence to St. Rose's
Church,* where a solemn ' requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of las soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KURRE-In this city. July 3, 1896, Johanna
Kurre, a native of Braunschweig, Germany, aged
77 years. ■ ■ ■•
LEYDEN— In this city, Jnly 1896, John Ley-
den, a native of San Francisco, aged -1 years and
7 months.
LUNDQUIST— In this city, July 3. 1896, Mrs.
Emma Lundquist, a native of Sweden, aged 58
years.
McKENNA— this city. July 2, 1896. James
beloved husband of the late Bridget McKenna,
father of James W. McKenna and brother of
Mrs. William Kildav. a native of County Mouag-
ban, Ireland, aged 70 years.
Jgy-Friends and acquaintances are rwßec 1 :-
-fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. ic.. from tne par-
lors of Carew <& English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. . * . '
QUINLAN— In this city. July 2, 1898. Thomas
Quinlan, a native of Ireland, aged 44 years.
fifB"Frienas aud acquaintance* are resoect-
fully Invited to attend she funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking- Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 11:30 o'clock _ if. _
F. of A. —To the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51. F. of A.: Yon are hereby notified
to meet at your hall. Alcazar building, TO-MOR-
ROW (Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. _,to attend the
funeral of your late brother. Thomas Quinlan.
Fines for non-attendance. 'By order of
Henry Donahub, Chief Ranger.
F. E. Beaulev, B. 8.
QUINN— In the city ana County Hospital, July
3, 1896, James Qnlnn, aged 6 6 years.
RHODES— In Oakland, July 2, 1896. Mrs. Elisa-
beth Rhodes, a native ot Kentucky, aged 67
years 9 months and 1 day.
RIORDAN— In this city, July S, 1896, John P.,
beloved husband of Bridget Riordan, and father
of J. H., P. J.. K. J. , T. J., Lizzie and Mary Kior-
dan and the late JJlrs. A. G. Nagel, a native of
County Cork, Ireland, aged 68 years.
49~Frlen<i.-i and acquaintance* are rein*;*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. _. from his lata
residence, 513 Stockton street, thence to St.
Mary's Chnrch, corner of California and Dupont
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated tor the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing; at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. |
C. T. A. and B. A.— The officers and members of
SU Mary's C. T. A. and i). Association are re-
quested to tne.'t at 513 StocKton street TO-MOR-
ROW (Sunday), at 8:15 o'clock a. _, to attend
the funeral of their late brother member, John
P. Riordan, thence to St. Mary's Church. By
order of ■ P. H. McGijjkbty, ires.
J. J. Kexkedv, Secretary.
SCHMIDT— In this city, ' July 3, 1896, ■ Louis
Schmidt Sr., father of Mrs. Alice Frltsch, Louis.
Ernst and the late Clifford Schmidt, a native of
Germany. . . : . . .
49TThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
• (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Trinity Church,
corner Bush and Qough streets. ■ Kfi " .
BCHULZ— In ; this city, July 1, 1896, Phillip
Schulz, a native of Germany, aged 68 years. 1 '
SORDHAM— In this city, July 2, ISl^, , Patrick:
lham, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years. ■;
BER— In this city. July 2. 1896, Joseph E.
Taber, a native of Portugal, aged 82 years. •■-■
roOMEY— In this cl:y, Julr R, 1896, Patrick, be-
loved father of David, Thomas, Henry and Emily
Toomey, a native of Ireland, aged 46 years.
WHITE— At Caxadero, Sonoma County, July 1..
1896, L. E. White, a native of Massachusetts,
a, ed 67 years 8 months and 6 days. ' ' ' :
'jtirFrlonas and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock : p. x., from his « late
residence, corner of Ellsworth and Ward streets,
near D»vighi-way slat on. Berkeley. Interment
private. / . '
WYNNK-In this city. July 3, 1836, Daniel
Wynne, a native ot County Monaghan Ireland,
aged 74 years. ' .; . /- ;
45T*Friends and acquaintance? ar* resnacv
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of hit bro her, 705 Oak street, thence to
sacred Heart Church, Fell and Flllmore streets,
where a sol -mn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of ■ his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock a. H. Interment Mount Calvary . Ceme-
tery. - '■_ "■ •, X •'. y: [ -.-.'■■ . ■
I MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, T"
FUNERAL DIBECTOR9 & EMBALMKBit,
20 Fifth St. , Opp. Lincoln School. •
; Telephone 3080.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
KEARNY AND ;. WASHINGTON STS.—
iV modeled and renovated. KING, WARD <& CO.
European plan. Kooms 50c to 81 50 per day, $2
to 8 per week. $8 to S3O per mouth; free baths;
hot and cold water every room; tiro graces la'
every room; elevator runs allnigiit.
1516
DECORATIVE ART
IN THREE COLORS,
Merchants Show Patriot
ism and Business En
terprise.
HEROES AND OLD GLORY
Many Attractive Combinations
in Flags and Bunt
ing.
THE TOWN'S METAMORPHOSIS.
Leading Firms Assist Nobly in Deck
ing the City in Holiday
Attire.
The decorations on the store fronts of
the leading mercantile firms on Thursday
were but an earnest of what would be
done in that line on the National holiday.
The few buntings and flags that yesterday
morning flapped in the wind have been
multiplied infinitely, and now Market and
Kearny streets present an appearance of
tri-colored finery seldom excelled.
Raphaels have spared no effort in mak
ing the front of their building aB attract
ive in a patriotic sense as the ingenuity of
their decorative artists conld devise. The
three flag-poles on the top of the building
are laden with square and triangular "Old
Glories." Across the facade of the build
ine red, white and blue bunting is
stretched, and on this are placed pictures
of Revolutionary heroes. Pendants over
the entrance nang and form three flags,
while streamers flutter from all parts of
the front.
Sloane has arranged the carpets in his
windows so that the red, white and blue
appear first to the eye, and has decorated
the doorway with bunting, Burmounted
by the National shield.
The Call business office has, by the
abundance of its decorations, given the
keynote to the patriotic principles of the
paper whose commercial department it
represents. The scaffoldine that did such
c-fiicient servico during the recent Repub
lican Convention was left standing that it
mieht be further honored in assisting to
celebrate the natal day of the Nation.
The screen that bore the first news of the
future President's nomination n"W bears
on a tricolor background the Declaration
of Independence, the document that made
the Presidential candidates of this coun
try possible.
Davis Brothers have concentrated their
decorations to the entrance of their store.
A large circle inclosing a star in which
is a portrait of Washington is above the
door, while on either side the tricolor
bunting is draped.
The City of Paris has combined the
colors of France and America artistically.
Above the Geary-street entrance is a
shield bearing the motto, "Liberte, Eqnal
ite, Fraieruite"' 1
Noiaa Brothers have placed velvet
slippers in their windows of the three
colors and have arranged streamers with
pretty effect.
Summerfield has confined himself to the
Btars and stripes and Sanborn <fe Vail
have decorated a window with beautiful
effect containing the famous pictures that
bear on the warlike scenes that have made
the history of this country.
J. J. O'Brien & Co. s large store is re
6t>lendant with flag-bunting and the pic
tures of America's martial heroes. New
man & Levison and Roos Bros, have used
bunting with good effect and the Wonder
millinery store has charmingly fixed up
its windows with patriotically dressed
forms and tastefully arranged tricolor
ribbons. The Chicago Clothing Co. has
covered its store with flags and bunting.
In readjusting the formation last even
ing an addition was made to the advance
division asiollows:
Battalion from United States ship
Charleston, Lieutenant White, TJ. S. N.,
commanding; Adjutant Lieutenant Wil
liams, U. S. N. ; first company marines,
Lieutenant Newman commanding; sec
ond company, Lieutenant Slmms com
manding; third company, Lieutenant
McDonald commanding.
Walter H. Woods was added to the list
of chief aids and L. G. Schroeder to grand
marshal's aids.
To the fifth division the Supervisors in
carriages were assigned a place.
To the ninth division was added a float —
wire cable from California Wire Works,
drawn by fifty horses.
A POSTHUMOUS HONOR.
The Late A. Page Brown Awarded Em-
inence for His Work.
Official advices have just been received
here that among Californians who received
awards at the World's Fair in 1893 was the
late A. Page Brown of this City, the archi
tect who designed the California State
building and who supervised its construc
tion at Chicago. At the* time this building
was generally regarded as the most unique
and attractive of any of the State build
ings, and this fact is now emphasized by
the receipt of a medal and diploma
awarded to the late architect. The
diploma reads thus: "The United States
of America, by act of their Congress, have
authorized the World's Columbian Com
mission at the International Exhibition
held in the city of Chicago, State of Illi
nois, in the year 1893, to decree a medal
for specific merit, upon the finding of a
board of international judges, to A. Page
Brown, San Francisco, California. Award
— For originality, use of iocal themes and
successful composition."
The members of the California World's
Fair Commission uniler whose auspices
ti:e exhibit from this State was made at
Chicago, have had kept a careful record
of awards to exhibitors from other States
so far as could be learned, and up to the
. : HEW TO-DAY.
qnlTcure
FOR
PIMPLES
IS
(Mcaia
YSOAP*
It is so because it strikes at the cau*e o.
the Clog/;' if, frritated. Inflamed, Sluggish, 01
Overworked PORK.; . '.
Sold throughout the world. Pottkr D*co akd Chum-
ICal Cori-okaTiok. Sole Proprietor!, Button. >
to- » How to Prevent Pimple*,'' 64 pttft; Uliu., free.
present no other State in the Union has
received an award for its building. The
official records of several of the most im
portant States, such as New York, Massa
chusetts and others, are at hand, and not
one of them has a medal or diploma to its
credit. This is considered as an especial
compliment to California, as there was
considerable rivalry amonc the State? in
the effort to make each building original
and attractive.
Illinois expended on her building nearly
$300,000; Pennsylvania, fioO.OOO; and New
York, $225,000; whiie California expended
Jess than $100,000.
AFTER THE COIN.
Mary Crump of Blagsaehuaptts Seeks
the Wealth Left by the l.ate
Lucy Goodspepd.
Mary E. Crump of Medford, Mass., filed
a suit in the United States Circuit Court
yesterday against the heirs of Lucy Cor
delia Goods Deed, who died in this City
March 7 last, ieaving an estate valued at
$125,000. The defendants are Riland C.
Goodhpeed, Annie A. Stanford, William E.
Stanford, Jennie _M. Snowgrass, Robert E.
Snowgrass, Orville C. P. Gooilspeed,
Richard Charles Goodspeed, Florence
Norine Goodspeed, Daniel Sullivan and
FranK Meyers, the last two t>eing trustees
under a will made by the deceased De
cember 6, 1894.
In the instrument just named Anna A.
Stanford, Orville C. P. Goodspeed and
Jennie M. Snowgrass are given the sum of
$500. The residua of the property, amount
ing to considerably over $100,000, is left to
Meyers and Sullivan in trust for the minor
defendants. The will was offered for pro
bate, but the three hrst-numed beneficiaries
filed a protest alleging that Lucy Cordelia
Goodspeed was of unsound mind and in
addition to this had been unduly in
fluenced. The property under litigation
is located in Butte and Glenn counties.
Mary A. Crump now comes forward
THE POSTER WHICH WILL BE DISTRIBUTED THROUGH THE EASTERN STATES.
with the claim that she 13 the owner in
fee simple of all the property named in
the will and aska a judgment in her favor.
The claimant alleges that she acouired
this property by deed from Charles F.
Hanlon, who had securea the same from
Lucy Cordelia Goodspeed, she having
come into possession through the death of
a relative, Anna A. Platt, in February,
1893. Attorney McEnerney represents the
Eastern claimant.
"THE CALL" SERENADED
The San Francisco T.otter-Carrlers Show
Their Appreciation in a Pub
lic Manner.
The office of The ! Call received
a visit last "evening, from the San Fran
cisco letter-carriers that bespoke their
sentiments in appreciation of this paper's
course in recommending: those trust
worthy employes of the Government to
the consideration of the public at their
annual picnic to-day at Schuetzen Park.
In speaking a kind word for the boys in
gray The Call only voiced the sentiments
of the entire community. .
« ♦ — -
Austrian-Slavonian Club.
A meeting; of the Austrian-Slavonian-Ameri
can Republican Club wns held Thursday at
135 Seventh street. The following additional
officers were elected: M. Radulovich, second
vice-president; B. J. Kusich, corresponding
secretary; ana Gaspar Josich, serjeant-at
arms. Twenty-six new members signed the
roll. Several members made very spirited and
appropriate remarks in regard to the late St.
I^ouis convention and their platform Adopted
for the coming National campaign. Ever;
member present pledged himself to ■opport
McKinley and his protection. The club pro
poses to hold a musa-meeting in the near
future.
•—• — * — -.
St. Joseph's Church.
The Feast of Saints P«tai ana Paul will be
celebrated at St. Joseph's Church, Tenth and
Howard streets, Dext Sunday, July 5. There
will be a solemn high mass at 10:30 a.m.,
rendered by a special choir. The sermon on
the occasion will be preached by the Very
Rev. Joseph A. Selinger, D. D., president of
£U Francis' University, Milwaukee, Wis.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JULY 4, 1896.
POSTERS TO HELP
ENDEAVORERS,
Beautiful Specimens of
Illustrative Art Are
Enlisted.
UP -TO - DATE DESIGNS.
Five Thousand Copies Sent On
to Washington to Do
Missionary Work.
OTHER LITERATURE IS SENT.
The Big Convention Will Be Held on
the Bth— California's Strong
Claim.
As handsome a bit of poster- work as has
ever been produced in the United States,
and one replete with artistic merit, poetic
imagery and historic significance, is that
designed as campaign literature at Wash
ington, D. C, to aid in the work of secur
ing the Christian Endeavor C onvention of
1897 for Ban Francisco.
It is entirely the work of local talent
and enterprise, not the least remarkable
feature of its production being the fact
that it was first thought of a week ago.
Within this brief time the design was con
cqjved, the drawings made, the plntes
etched, the printing, which comprised
three-color runs through the press, was
completed, and while the ink was still wet
the 5000 copies were carefully packed and
shipped.
This expedition was necessary in order
to have them arrive in time to be properly
distributed . They were shipped yesterday
evening and the session of the "Christian
Endeavor Convention will open at Wash
ington on the Bth instant.
With these were also shipped 50,000
handsomely-printed pamphlets of thirty
two pages each, containing interesting in
formation relative to the attractions of the
Golden State.
The folders, pamphlets and about thirty
five cases of other literature depicting
California's manifold charms were the
contributions of the Southern Pacific Com
pany to the local Christian Endeavor com
mittee which has in charge the work of
securing the 1897 convention for this City.
Three tents, with an aggregate seating
capacity of 46,000 people, will De occupied
by the convention delegates and these ele
gant poster* will be hung in the tents, in
1 hotels, churches and places where dele
gates are apt to gather.
The 50,000 paniphiels will be distributed
to the delegates when they are handed the
official programme, so that no field will lie
left uncultivated that may contribute to
victory for San Francisco.
In the poster is shown the first sys
tematic Christian Endeavor on the Pacific
Coast, viz.: the Carmel Mission, then Cal
ifornia is represented by a bear, the Cali
fornia poppy in its natural hue, and the
setting sun. The coloring is bold and
brilliant, and is a combination of but three
hues, red, blue and yellow.
The drawing is the work of Artist Bull
of the Sunset Puoto and Engraving Com
pany.
Attention is called by a few quoted lines
to the historic fact that the cross was s-een
in Monterey nearly a ?cort- of years before
the landing of the Pilgrim "Fathers on
Plymouth Rock. It w;»s carred by the
Spanish soldiers, wijo had invaded Alta
California from the south.
RETAIL L.QU R-DEALERS.
List of New Officers Elected at a Meet
ing of the Association I .;i»t liveiiinc.
The Pacific Coast Retail Liquor-dealers'
and Barkeepers' Protective Association
met last evening at Justice of the Peace G.
C. Groezinger's courtroom and elected the
following officers:
President, J, W.Buchanan; first vice-presi
dent, Johu D. Feldermann; second vice-presi
dent, Frederick Wiitie; secretary, C. Meyer:
financial secretary, D. Fen.stermacher;
Executive committee — E. Louterback,
Cnaries Johnson. C. E. Carlson,
Andrew J. Person, Thomas Abbott, Timothy
Ki't.-Kan, Fred Nobuiann, E. A. Rlley, William
Coughlin, Charles Kngeieke, H. Nicthlinrdt,
Jam us Walsh, Fred Lieb, Charles Cohen, B.
Luhrmann, C. J. Johnson; attorney, A. B.
Treadwell; sergeant-at-arms, Dan McCarthy.
THE CHUTES' REOPENING.
A Wonderful Ohm>rvitnc« of the Fourth
on Haight Street To-Day.
The elaborate improvements at the
chutes are at last completed, and at 9
o'clock this morning the cars will begin to
glide around the 3300-foot scenic railway,
the haunted swing will commence to mys
tify, the boats slide down the chutes and
the trolley, merry-go-round and donkeys
prepare for business.
At 2 o'clock the first performance will
be given in the big casino.
There is a Russian court orchestra that
has kept New York entranced for six
months; Sissieretta Jones, the "Black
Patti," who has been singing abroad for
the past year; Virginia Aragon, the high
est salaried wire-walker in the world, and
Professor Fred Macart's baboon, dog and
monkey circus. The Mario- Dunham fam
ily of six will have a splendid chance for
their aerial acts, as the building is sixty
five feet high.
In the evening the entertainment will
be repeated, and in addition there will be
a beautiful display of water fireworks on
the lake. There will be accommodations
for 10,000 spectators.
FOR THE LADIES.
The Continental League Decides on De
. voting One Night of KachJHonth
to Their Entertainment.
The Continental League held a brief
meeting last evening, owing to the prox
imity of the National hblidav.
The evening, was devoted to political
speeches, which boomed McKinley, and to
the splendid programme prepared by the
entertainment committee, .consisting, of
Dr. B. F. Fleming, A. E. Grossman, Leon
E. Jones, John Gilson and ; Thomas E.
Maher. " . ■'
Ex-Editor Berges spoke .on the pre-emi
nence of the Republican: party, and recited
the Declaration of Independence. George
W. Lewis spoke on the necessity of an im
mediate ■ organization ; of the . drill corps,
and it was decided to form the brigade as
soon", as- possible' for the campaign. . This
Will undoubtedly make a tine, showing, as
already over 1200 members have signed the
roll of the league. ;v;?;".-;; v ;?;".-;
;:.' The league also decided to change its
present quarters on LarVin street to quar
ters more commodious at < Saratoga Hall.
On taking possession of this hall a ladies'
night will be 1 inaugurated ami an enter
tainment will begiven on the 17th of 'this
month. This feature will be made per
manent. |re*»qw|jffiyjj|Mtiu|^ft
Among - . other , speakers - were Hon.
A. A. Louderback and Amos Currier. -It 1
was owing to the suggestion of Mr. Currier
that the ladies' night feature was adopted.
SCATHING WORDS
FOR HARMON.
The Attorney -General Is j
Charged With Inter
ested Supineness.
STONE AND HIS PASS.
Attention Again Pointedly Called
to the Failure to Prose
cute Huntington.
SOME NEW EVIDENCE OUTLINED
District Attorney Foote and the
President A!so C me Under the
Lash of Invective.
Oae of the boldest and most scathing
communications ever addressed to a
Cabinet onicer of the United States is that
forwarded by George W. Monteith yester
day to Attorney-General Judsou Harmon.
It not only takes to task the official
addressed, but his local representative,
United States District Attorney H. S.
Foote, C. P. Huntington and the Presi
dent of the United States. The letter fol
lows in full and explains itself:
Ban Francisco, Cal., July 3, 1896.
Hon. Jxidson Harmon, Attorney-General of
United States, Washington, V. C— MY Dear Sir:
Some six months have now intervened since I
addressed you upon the subject of the case of
Coltiß P. Huntington, charged with the com
mission of a crime against the laws of the
United States. My letter at that lime was
written for the purpose of urging you to em
ploy special counsel 10 take charge of the case
because the United States District Attorney
here would not do his duty in the premises.
This appeal was made to you upon the theory
that you would, as an honorable man and an
efficient onicer of the Government, exercise
your authority toward securing an honest
prosecution of a criminal whose crime was so .
strongiy apparent.
Under recent action of Congress your office
controls the prosecuting arm of the Govern
ment, and you are, therefore, responsible ner
sonally in matters of this kind when it is
once cal'ed to your attention.
The utter failure of the Government of the
United States to prosecute this man, who has
for years openly and contemptuously disre
garded the law, is as scandalous as it is dis
graceful and it is certainly high time some
thing was done. The irreimgible evidence of
this man's guilt is in the possession of your
department. He has boldly stated in the pub
lic press that he "did not care a tuppence"
about the case, and it begins to look as though
his confidence in the determination of the
Government not to prosecute the case is well
founded.
You must bear in mind, sir, that the main
evidence in this case was all sworn testimony,
produced in a court of justice in the actual
trial of a case at a time when your department
was moving heaven and earth to convict two
poor strikers under a law Intended to reach
trusts and monopolies, and there is, therefore,
no excuse for this miscarriage of justice.
The Judge of the United States District
Court, himself brought this matter to the at
tention of the Grand Jury, and his good work
in that direction has been nullified by the
nolle prosequi of your representative in this '
City. It is true that the United States court in
New York has held the indictment defective
in failing to show any use of the pass, but it is
also true that the actual use of the pass on au
interstate trip way actually shown in evidence
in the strikers' case, which has made it the
duty of your department to frame a new in
dictment; and, more than that, we have se
cured evidence of two other actual uses of the
pass, which was stated to you in my former
letter.
In reply to my former letter you answered
me with the suggestion that I was rather
hasty in speaking as I did to one who was a
stranger to me personally. You will please
bear in mind that my correspondence with
you is wholly impersonal, and that I am treat
ing you simply in your official and not in your
private capacity, that I urn simply endeavor
ing to see that justice may be done. If you are
derelict in the performance of your duties 1
shall not hesitate to siiy so, because 1 have the
right of a citizen to insist upon your doing
your duty, and that I certainly do and shall
continue to do a* far as the circumstances of
the case render it essential.
I am one of those who believe that the Gov
ernment should deal fairly and justly without
regard to the condition of the man's pocket
book. The present administration has shown
itself only too willing to prosecute poor men
upon partisan, ex parte and unverified state
ments of interested parties, and it seems to me ;
that it ought to be equally prompt to act in
the plain case of tnis mnu Huntin&rton, particu
larly when it involves the commission of one
of the least of the crimes with which he has
been publicly cnarged.
On the other hand the administration con
sumo five months and spends .$30, 000 in try
ing to show that a simple disngreement be
tween workingmen and their employer was
the kind ot conspiracy that Congress meant to
punish when the trust and monopoly act of
181)0 was passed, and yet when the interstate
commerce laws are boldly, even contemptu
ously, violated by a wealthy rogue who has
.systematically and persistently robbed the
people and the Government out of millions
upon millions, you will not even go to the
small expense of employingspecial counsel to
prosecute him in the case where your own
representatives%viU not act; and. indeed, you
go still further and will not permit any other
counsel, even without expense to the Gov
ernment, in the way of compensation, t 0
prosecute a man for the commission of the
crime, the evidence of which has been given
in open court, and has, by the Judge of that
court, been judicially declared sufficient to
warrant indictment and prosecution.
There is no escape from the logic of the
situation. There is no excuse that can be of
feredeven in mitigation of the measure of just
censure that should be visited upon the heaa
of the man who is responsible" for such dis
graceful unwillingness and inactivity. Were
Congress to do its duty, the officers who thus
stand between this criminal and his just
desserts would be promptly impeached.
In your answer to my former letter you told
me you would write the District Attorney and
have the matter attended to. And what has
I been the result? I have waited for six months
and yet not only has nothing been done, but
the Federal authorities of this part of the
world seem to regard the whole matter as a
piece of ancient history, wholly unnecessary
to further consider.
Your efforts with the District Attorney here
have certainly borne but little fruit, and it
may be well for me to call your attention to
whnt lias been done.
After the District Attorney received your in
structions, whatever they were, lie made no
effort to see me or to get hola of the evidence
concerning the two other uses of the ps.ss that
yourattention was drawn to; he simply sought
out Mr. Stone and, as 1 was informe<t,"sceured
from him a statement to the effect that Stone
had not used the pass in question the two trips
referred to but had securea trip p««ses from the
late A. X. Towne, who, being now deceased,
could not be prosecuted— this, too, in view of
the fact mat Mr. Stone swore in open court
that he had received these annum passe* regu
larly and continuously for ten years as the per
sonal favor of C. P. Huntington. He also testi
fied befoie the Grand Jury that he received
this pass about the 10th of January. All of
this testimony he gave, by the way, at the time
when Mr. Towne was inconveniently alive and
subject to prosecution. In addition to this,
you must reeollec' that the conductors' rec
ords show conclusively that the pass was an
annual pass that was issued by C. P. Hunting
ton. Your department you will see, with all
these facts plainly before it, accepted these un
unveriflcd statements of Stone as against his
former sworn testimony and the other evi
dence of the case to which I referred you to.
But even assuming that Stone's last state
ment swore true, it would not relieve Mr.
Huntington from liability. As you are well
aware, not only would Mr. Towne. if he gave
the pass, be personally liable, but his act in
that case would be the net of his corporation,
the Southern Pacific Company of Kentucky,
which would then be criminally responsible,
and under the decisions of the "United States
courts the directors are the persons upon
whom the punishment is visited, when the
corpo ratio;, is the criminal. So that if Mr.
Stone's Jast statement be true, you would not
only be able to bag Mr. Huntin'gton, but you
would also be able to reach the other eight
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
directors, as well as impose a heavy fine upon
the corporation, all 01 which you have neg
lected to do.
In your redy to my letter, in speaking of
Mr. Foote's action in intervening in the Rail
road Commission case, you stated that it has
been done without authority, and that you
1 would look into it. But I notice your looking
i into lid ia not stop District Attorney Foole's
strange proceedings, which accrue only to
1 the benefit of the railroad company, and was
I in no wise in tne interest of either the people
: or the Government. The asserted theory of
the intervention was that the Government se
! curity would be jeopardized by the grain
I rates being cut down so that the larmers could
j make a little more upon their wheat; and
does it not seem strauge that the Department
01 Justice has only recently waked up to
the fact that the Government had a security
in that quarter ihat was susceptible of injury?
During the thirty years the Southern Pacific
has existed in its various forms the Govern
ment has been apparently wholly indifferent
to what was going on, and its officers have un
hesitatingly alioued the railroad highbinders
j to despoil the Central Pacific of almo>t every
thing it had of any value, or which womb
accrue to tiie Government by way 01 security.
Indeed, the sworn officers of the Government
have sat by supinely ana never before made
even the slightest effort to protect the secur
ity of the Government.
Indeed this gives much color to Mr. Hunt
ington's statement that he '"did not care a tup
pence," for he has learned by long experience
to have so little iear of the Federal Go^rn
ment or its laws thai the very idea of nnj ' .<e
having the audacity to seek to have nim
punished for a crime was so maniiestiy absurd
that he had no reason to "care a tuppence."
But I am not disposed to charge your depart
ment with being wholly idle, or being subject
to perennial ennui. A matter came up last
winter which shows that your department is
not wholly deficient in finding means to pro
secute people when there is sufficient incen
tive. I only wish to draw your attention to
the "hot sto\ - e" incident, which grew out of
the splendid fight the Honorable Mayor of San
Francisco has been making to prevent these
railroad bandits from retaining the plunder
that they have wrongfully obtained. In the
course of that fight I believe Mayor Sutro
mailed to the different members of the House
an innocent little cartoon labeled '-C. P.
Huntin>iton would not 6teal a red-hot stove."
This was too much. The vials of Govern
ment wrath at once opened and the tnuuders
of official indignation were aroused until a
veritable cyolone was created. You took the
matter up, I am informed," and gravely de
cided that the laws of the United States hud
been violated, just as your predecessor did
when a couple of overg»own boys let the steam
out of a locomotive and declared it a con
spiracy. The matter was held to be clearly
libelous, and because libelous unmailable,
and having been mailed was a violation of the
statute. The District Attorney uere did not
hesitate to declare that Mayor Sutro should be
punished; that the fact thnt he was wealthy
made no difference; that he proposed to do his
duty in the premises, "Fiat justicia mat
cselum," and the Government building was
shaken to its very foundation. Such a flagrant
violation of the laws must be punished. The
very idea that any man could so libel the lar
cenous instincts or abilities of Collis P. Hunt
ington or even intimate that he would leave a
stove, and a red-hot one at that, unscathed, was
too much.
It was the last straw that broke the camel's
back. To think that the Mayor of San Fran
cisco had the audacity to intimate that he
would stop at a stove, and a red-hot one at
i that, was not to be tolerated for a moment.
The man should be prosecuted! he should
be punished! he ought to be hanged for treason!
He had openly proclaimed thai Mr. Hunting
ton had bribed Congressmen and nothing was
said; but when he intimated that this old
reprobate was so losing his faculties that he
wouid stop at red-hot stoves, aa insult had
been inflicted that required all the avenging
powers of the American Department of Justice
to resent 1
Thus we have the great record of your de
partment in this behali. A couple of strikers,
without injury to the locomotive, let off the
steam and drew the fire, and they were charged
with conspiracy under the laws that had been
intended, Dut which proved ineffectual, to
reach the trusts and monopolies, and are made
to stand five months' trial at heavy expense.
The Mayor of San Francisco is threatened
with prosecution for simply intimating that
this man Huntington had not enough larcen
ous Inclination or ability to enable him to ab
stract a red-hot stove.
On the other hand the great monopoly that
has wrecked and ruined the Jhappiness and
prosperity of a whole State with 1,250,000
inhabitants is allowed \o obtain the active as
sistance of your department, and when the
people of that commonwealth are endeavoring
to secure some relief from the exactions of
their corporate oppressor in the reduction of
their freights, your department comes in just
at the moment most calculated to aid the
monopoly and to injure the people. You have
one kind of law for the rich and another for
the poor. When the corporation claims that
its rights are infringed, your department
comes promptly to its rescue. When the peo
ple cry out that the same monopoly have
robbed the Government, you sit still and do
nothing. When the great corporation tries to
grind its workingmen and they refuse to sub
mit, you come to the former's assistance with
injunctions and prosecutions. You call out
the regular army Rnd shoot men down. You
aid their oppressors to prosecute them. You
convict them long before you have beard the
evidence.
But when the "interests" of the great cor
poration are involved somehow your depart
ment is never able to find any way to either
determine their guilt or secure their punish
ment. Therefore what is the use of telling you
to do your duty ; you have not done it and do
not intend to do 1:. The only thing left to do
is to secure your impeachment, and that, no
matter how plain the case might be, would
with this Congress be a futile effort. The
f>resent Congress and administration all float
n the same boat. Whether your master, the
great American Belshazzar, as he now sits at
his last feast, has or has not read the hand
writing <>n the wall, 1 know not. But it is
there, and you all ha ire boon weighed and been
found wanting, and if I mistake not when
come the i<les of November the great American
people will voice their terrible indignation at
the scandals of the last four years in a manner
that will leave no uncertainty, even in the
minds of those whose thick hiaes seem most
impervious to the cry of misery that results
from the most damnable misrule that ever dis-
I graced civilization. Respectfully yoms,
GEORCiK \V. MoNIEITH.
CELEBRATE THEIR RELEASE
Two Vagrant Women Badly Cut
an Inoffensive Vegetable-
Peddler.
They Were Joined in Their Orgie of
Blood and Beer by James
Smith.
Mary Rowe and Mary Morgan, two
women who were sent to the County Jail for
vagrancy thirty days ago, were liberated
yesterday morning and started in to cele
brate the event. They were joined in their
spree by James Smith, an ex-guard at the
prison.
As they marched down San Jose road
they encountered an Italian vegetable ven
dor driving his wagon and assaulted him
j with rocks.
The Rowe woman climbed up on the
front wheel and tried to drag the driveroff
his seat. When he resisted she drew a
knife and slashed his left arm.
The frightened peddler jumped off ant
ran for his life.
He reported the case to Captain Gillen
at the Seventeenth-street station and Offi
cers Fitzgerald, Biackman and Edner were
sent out.
In the meantime, before the trio could
be reached, Mary Rowe plunged her knife
several times into one of the horses at
tached, to the wagon.
Subsequently, Smith and the two women
tried to take charge of the New York
Dairy, where they met their match. The
workmen there beat Smith quite severely
and gave Mary Rowe a whipping likewise.
The policemen took the three hilarious
beings into custody and, charged Mary
Rowe with assault witti a deadly weapon.
Mary Morgan and James Smith were
charged with drunkenness and disturbing
the peace.
United Undertakers.
The shareholders of the United Undertakers'
Association ' at their annual meeting held
Thursday evening, July 2, elected the follow
ing, directors to serve for the ensuing year:
M. Kelly. C J McGlnneM. William Mctaiig B :
lin, J. J. Brady, Joseph: Kellv P J MrFlrov
and Ed McLauKhlin. P The directors* el xted
the foilowiug ; officers : M. Kellv president-
Will! am Me l , ugh li „ . ■■viceV£ideni P ; Charles
J. McGinness, secretary; Peter R. Hansen,
MORE CLIPPERS
AROUND THE HORN.
Flint & Co. of New York
About to Establish a
New Line.
SHIPS IN GOOD DEMAND.
Sugar and Oil Traffic Cause
a Dearth in Sailing
Tonnage.
A CHECK ON THROUGH RATES.
Merchants and Shippers Inclined to
Cordially Welcome the East*
crn Enterprise.
Flint & Co., lar:e ship-owners and ship
ping and commission merchants of New
York City, will within a few weeks be
operating a regular line of clippers around
Cape Horn and will thenceforward be
one of the important factors in transcon
tinental freight rates.
All the details of the project have not
yet been arranged, but j. F. Chapman &
Co. of this City, who are to be the local
representatives of the new water competi
tor of the Southern Pacific and other
transcontinental lines, state that in about
ten days, or a fortnight at the farthest, all
the facts in connection with the project
will be given to the public.
By the merchants and shippers of this
City the matter meets with the heartiest
welcome and many have already promised
substantial support to the Flint line.
Mr. Chapman, while feeling Tree to ad
mit that the line was to be established, re
fused to go inio partioulats as to rates,
number of vessels to be employed or the
frequency with which the clippers would
be despatched. He contented himself
with the broad and significant assertion
that Flint & Co. were large sbip-owners,
had plenty of vessels at present at their
immediate disposal and would put on as
many vessels as the demands of the busi
ness mieht require.
That this new enterprise should be es
tablished at this time has occasioned much
comment and speculation. Never before
in the history of the transportation world
have rates between the Pacific and Atlan
tic seaboards been so low, and shipments
at this season of the year are always at
their minimum.
From a gentleman well informed on the
local as well as the general shipping situa
tion a palpable reason for the entry of the
Flint line at the present time was ob
tained. The rate on keroseue oil to Japan
has recently advanced from 12 to 18 cents
per case, and this increase of 50 per cent
on the freight of this kind of cargo has
drawn many vessels into that trailic that
had formerly kept cut of it. Another fact
that bad diminished the available tonnago
between New York and San Francisco 13
the chartering of about fifteen vessels by
J. D. Spreckels & Co. for moving tne sugar
crop from the Hawaiian Islands.
This unusual tax on the ordinary sail
mc tonnage has opened the route around
the Horn for the newcomers, it is argued,
with a chance ior them to get a large
share of business — much more than they
would have been able to secure under
normal circumstances.
It is admitted that there is not much
money, if any, in carrying freight around
the Southern American contineut for 30
cents per 100 pounds or $6 per ton, as is
now done by the sailing vessels, and even
on the Panama ronte for Eust-bound
freight, but on the other hand it is argued
that Flint & Co. see a more promising
future ahead, and are simply utilizing the
present opportunity to get a grip on the
situation.
Every transportation influence is now at
work seeking io bring about an advance in
rates, and the indications, among railroad
men and shippers, are said to point to a
near consummation of this object. With
it will naturally come better remuneration
also for the Cape Horn carriers, even
though they should not enjoy the advan
tage of a subsidy from the rail lines, as
will be the case with the Pacific Mail*
Panama combination.
But whatever the cause and whatever
the motive, the advent of the Flint line is
viewed as a good thing. If it shouid serve
no other purpose than to keep transconti
nental rates within a reasonable limit,
the merchants deem it to be entitled to
their support.
HEW TODAT.
Sure
Consumption
and lung troubles
New York, May 16, 1896.
To Editor Call:— I have an absoluta
remedy for Consumption and all Bronchial,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Catarrhal Affec-
tions, General Weakness, Loss of Flesh, Thin
Children, and all Conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of ap-
parently hopeless cases have been greatly
benefited or Permanently Cured. -
So proof-positive am I of its power to cure,
that to increase its usefulness and maka
known its merits, I will send Free, to any
. reader of your paper Three Bottles of my
Newly Discovered Remedies, upon receipt of
request for same, accompanied by Express
and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A.Slocum,M.C, 183 Pearl St., New York.'
VTe publish the Doctor's letter In full for the benefit ot
cur readers. There will be no mistake in sending— tl* "
mistake will be in overlooking the generous offer—
"Just
Out"
Is never said of STANDARD Shirts, the
factory is so near; dealers always have a
full assortment of sizes; sure to get a fit.
All dealers. Made in California.
* J TRADE* ['
N.B.
I MARH I
Neustadter Bros., flfrs., S. F., Cah
KBKBBBM WIL.COX COMPOUND
T^nsvp/lls
i« m i».i Safoand SURE. Always reliable. T*k«
noenDstltute. For sale by all druggists. Send
«r» 0 ™ 0 "* Safeguard. WILCOX .SPECIFIC
CO.. 228 bOUTS EIGHTH BT.. PHIL AD A.. PA.]