VOLUME LXXX.— NO. 102.
HUM OF WHEELS
HEARD ONCE MORE
Mills Continue to Reopen
Because of McKinley's
Triumph.
Thousands of Men Employed in
Plants Tbat Had Loog
B?en Idle.
CONFIDENCE BRINGS BTJ3INES~.
' Orders Conditionel on Republican
Success Will Now Bs
Filled.
.TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Nov. B.— The
rolling mills here will, beginning to-mor
.' row, give employment to 400 more men
than have been employed in the past six
months. The Standard Wheel Company,
which has the largest share of the output
of the wheel trust, yesterday bought
$100,000 worth of malleable iron, which is
three times as much as was used during
the past year and more is to be bought.
• The company has a number of orders con-,
ditioned on the election of McKinley.
TKXAKKAXA. Art., Nov. B.— The Cen
tral Coal and Coke Company has issued
orders to start up all of the mills on De
. cember L Several hundred men will b?
employed at their mills in ihis city, which
are of the largest in this section. Several
hundred men have been put at work on
. • the Kansas City, Pittsburg and Gulf Kail
- road, on which work was suspended in
•" September.
' UriC A, N. V., Nov. S.— The West Shore
Railway shops at Frankiort, employing
Kaj men, will start running on lull time
" aeain to-morrow.
PLANS OF SILVER MEN.
. Will Continue to Advocate Free Coinage
Despite the Industrial Awak
ening.
•WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. B.—Direc
tors of the American Bimetallic Union,
who constitute the bulk of the silver lead
ers in three parties, have decided to main
tain Headquarters in this city and use it as
the agency through which literature is to
be spread broadcast over the land. The
branch office at Chicago will be consoli-
dated w ith the Washington office, but the
So-n Francisco branch is to be conttuued.
A. J. Warner, president of the uuion, at
the request of the directors bag issued the
following address setting forth the pur
poses of the silver men:
To the silver leagues and bimetallic unions
of the United States: silver has lost in this
election, but the battle for the overthrow of
the gold standard has not ended. The dis
astrous consequences that must aiUndupon
the continuance of this standard make it im-
possible to relinquish the struggle against it
until it is folly overthrown.
The geld standard caunot. be maintained by
increa*i£g revenues, because revenues are not
paid in gold. The attempt to maintain the
gold standard by perpetual loans must also
sooner or later fail. Tije only other way is by
contracting the currency and forcing down
prices so low that gold will come here of itself
in such quantities as to constitute, ip part at
least, the currency with which revenues are
paid, and no debtor nation can long maintain
such a policy.
.Either course, therefore, leads to inevitable
ruin— the one by bankrupting the Government
and the other by bankrupting the people.
Either policy will subject the United Stuies
absolutely to British dumiuatioii, aud hence
the rejoicing of the Br.tish press over the
deieat o: silver here.
The victory ul gold is a victory of trusts and
Bviidica;ed wealth, brought about by corrup
tion and coercion and not a victory by the
people for the peuple, and it cannot last.
There must be an end also to the constant ap
preciation of money. The appreciation of
money alone, ii allowed to go on at the rate
it has gone on for the past twenty years, will
in hall a generation more transfer the bulk of
all the wealth of this country from those who
have created it to the hands of the few who
control the money uud own the debts.
No power can be conceived so potent to gather
wealth into few hands us the ceaseless, all
• prevuding power of an appreciating money
standard. No civilization can stand it. It
must end or the foundation upon which, free
institutions rest will be broken up.
T^e battle therefore ior. the restoration of
'silver must go ou nitnout abatement, and 1
urge upon all silver and bimetallic leagues
and unions to Keep up their organizations and
■hen continue the light till victory for the
people is final!}' won.
The noble iight made by our intrepid leader
In the campaign just ended endears him to all
who believe in the righteousness of our cause,
und under his leadership we believe victory
will be won in 1900.
WILL CLONE: UP SHOP.
Final Ilulleti* From Kentucky** Repub
lican Campaign < vinmitt**.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Nov. B.— The Re
publican State Campaign Committee will
close up suop to-morrow. Chairman Rob
eits issued ms final bulletin this u.ter
. ' noon. It is as follow^:
• Practically complete official returns give
'; McKinley 444 plurality iv Kentucky, unoffi
cial advices indicating that the four missing
counties will iixrease rather thfin decrease
these figures. The Kepublicans elect lour
members of Congress and a Judge of the high
est court of the State for an eight-year term,
and by the tilling of vacancies have secured a
majority of two in the General Assembly on
Joint ballot, winch insures the election of a
Republican successor to Senator Blackburn.
The total vole of the State will approach
425,000, an increase of 70,000 over last yeiir's
vote and 25.000 more than the hiche^t esti
mates before the election. The Republican
vole increased about 4000 over JBradley's vote
a year n^o, which was 17,000 higher than ever
• before cast In a Presidential election. The
Democratic vote was U5,000 higher. These
tgures -will give some idea, of the intensity of
* the political struggle through wliich Ken
tucky lias just passed.
A Samiel J. Roberts, Chairman.
■ Mr. Roberts has sent congratulatory tel-
V"ami to Major McKinley and Mark
NHunua giving ti.e facts as to the final re
sult. When asKed about the probability
of the Democrats getting one electoral
vote Mr. Roberts stated that this could
not be ascertained until the official count
was made by the State canvassing board.
• Governor Bradley, as a member of the
The san Francisco Call
State canvassing board, has sent the fol
lowing telegram to National Committee
man Scott of New York :
FRANKFORT, Kv., Xov. 6.— Kentucky has
certainly gone for McKiuley and .will just as
certainly be counted. W. O. Bradley.
Up to 10 o'clock 10-night the Courier-
Journal hud no new figures on the rpstilt
of the election in Kentucky, and McKiu
ley's plurality stands at 4SS, wit:: six
counties to be heard from only. Whether
or not the discrepancy botween the votes
for different electors on the same ticket
lias resulted in the choice of one Bryan
elector and twelve McKinley electors can
not be positively known until the State
canvassing board foots up the vote for
each elector. The Democratic leavers still
claim ttie State, but uoae of them Were in
town to-day.
STATUS OF THE SENATE.
Mirer Itmublican* Matt Held to the,
WiU of Ihrir Farty.
PROVIDENCE, 11. 1.. Nov. B.— ln an
interview last evening with a Journal re
ptrter Senator Nelson W. Aldnch gave it
as his opinion that the standing of the
two leading parties in the next Senate
would be very close. It is expected that
President-elect McKinley will call a spe
cial session of Congress to consider the
revenue question soon after inauguration.
The Senator lietirei that at the present
time only two States are doubtful — North
Carolina and South Dakota.
In the former the Legislature is fusion,
Republican and Populist, and in the latter
the Populists claim n majority.
As matters stand, the financial forces are
evenly divided in the Senate — forty-four
gold and the same number of silver.
These figures are likely to change, how
ever, for it is possible tbat some silver Re
publicans may accept the verdict of the
elections and accede to the St. Louis plat
form. Until the exact status of the Sen
ate is decided. Senator Aldnch will not
state his opinion concerning the future
course the party is likely to take in the
matter cf revenue legislation.
WNATS NO MORE AGITATION
Advice of a Free Silver Journal to Itry
ii i and Jlii Lieutenant*.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Nov. B.— The Press
of this city, which was one of the most
enthusiastic supporters of free silver in
the late campaign, deprecates the deter
mination of the Western free silver men,
with Mr. Bryan at their head, to keep up
the agitation of the silver question. It
says:
No National election wiil take place for two
years. In 1898 a new Congress must be elected.
At that time we shall see whether the election
of MeKinley has brought permanent pros
perity. If It has, then nothing can overthrow
ttie Republican party at that time. If, on me
other hand, limes are stiil hard and getting
worse, that will demonstrate that his eiection
was a mistake, aud the people will elect a
Congress opposed to Mr. McKinley's adminis
tration. But for the present no aggressive op
position should be organiz-d which could in
any way tend to retard the revival of business
activity.
FOR SECRET ANY OF WAR.
Gentral SUles Sayi Tn.it Colonel Frul
Urant I* the 3Ju;:
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. B— Dr. T.
J. Charlton of I'iaintie.d. who recenMy re
turned from a visit to General Mi!e«, 13
authority for the statement that Colonel
Fred Grant of New York is to be Secre
tary of War in McKinley's Cabinet. Dr.
Charlton says it is well understood by
General Miles and the members of his
staff that Grant is to be at the head of the
War Department.
DEMOCRATS CLAIM WIOMING.
Figure Small Electoral, State and Con-
gre**ional Majoritie*.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Nov. B.— At 10
o'clock to-night the Democratic State
Committee received returns from a third
oi the precincts in Big Horn County. The
committee declines to give the figures re
ceived, but states that they show decided
majorities, and that they will carry the
county by several hundred majority, and
that the Democrats will carry the entire
electoral, State and Congressional tickets
by majorities ranging from to GOO.
Another Cabinet Rumor.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Nov. B.— A dis
patch from Washington lasl evening
stated that there was a report in Republi
can circles at the Capitol to the effect that
Congressman Alfred C. Harmer of this
city would be tendered a portfolio in the
McKinley Cabinet. Mr. Harmer said that
it was the lirst that he had heard of it, al
though for some time past, he said, it was
intimated to him that his very close
friends were bringing his name forward
in connection with a Cabinet position.
For Either liucknrr or Carlisle.
LOUISVILLE, Kv., Nov. B.— W. H.
Stightz, one of tne Republican members
of the Legislature from Louisville, says
that in the event of an extra session he
would vote for either Simon Bolivar
Buckner or John G. Carlisle. It is under
stood that three other Republican mem
bers of the Legislature from Louisville
will vote with Mr. iSiiglitz.
Miller It "Mentioned. "
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Nov. B.— W. W. Mil
-1 r, now secretary of the Ohio Board of
Agriculture, i« mentioned for Secretary of
Agriculture in McKinley's Cabinet. He
was a captain in McKinley's regiment in
the army and has been a close friend ever
since. When he was Governor, McKinley
made Captain Miller one of the managers
of the State Prison.
SCHEME FOR A GREAT CANAL.
Laboring Men Favor Tluildino « Tran*
rontinentnl Waterway.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 8.-The Cen
tral Labor Union indorsed a scheme to
day to build a canal from New Jersey to
California, parallel to the transconti
nental railroads. The new canal is to be
built by the Government.
J. R. Enckeof Trenton, N. J., the pro
moter of the scheme, will lay it before the
general assembly of the Kniphu of Labor
which meets in Rochester on Tuesday, and
tha annual convention of the American
Federation of" Laftor, which meets in Cin
cinnati on December 16.
Eucke says he is sure that organized
Jabor all over the country will indorse the
scheme. The proposed canal is to be 300
to 3SO feet wide and from 40 to 60 feet
deep. The walls are to be 35 feet thick.
Thrown Undtr Car Wheel*.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. B.— When alight
ing from a Wahash-avenue cable-train at
Van Buren street to-night Mrs. Margaret
Mueller of 404 West Congress street came
in contact with one of the suppoits of the
elevated structure and was thrown back
under the car wheels and killed.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 9, 189fi.
THE CHIMNEYS ONCE AGAIN SMOKING.
DRUNKEN CAPTAIN
WRECKS HIS BOAT
Himself and Six Seamen
Drowned in Lake
Michigan.
Story of the *o!e Survivor, Who
Has Thirteen Times Been
Shipwrecked.
THE VESSEL IN SIGHT OF PORT
But the Crazy Skipper Leeks Up the
Torches to Prevent S gnals for
Assistance.
MUSKEGON, Mich., Nov. 8. — About
10:30 o'clock this morning the beach pa-^
trolman on the south shore of the harbor
reported wreckage coming ashore. This !
report brought to the mind of Captain
Wood the question of the safety of the
big three-masted schooner which arrived
off tne point about 4 o'clock yesterday
afternoon flying a tug flag as she came
into sight, and word was sent lor the Car
rie Ryerson, which came down, but did
not venture out in the face of the big sea
which wa-t running. The schooner was
apparently all right during the evening,
and at 9 o'clock the looKout man saw her
lights. After that they disappeared and \
nothing more was seen of them. It was i
thought that she had slipped her cables i
and run out to get room, but the sequel
shows she had not. En the storm, the
awful cold and darkness seven live 3 had
been lost.
The lookout man at the life-savinc sta
tion thought he saw something move on
a dark object which bobbed with the swell
of the sea about half a mile off the har
bor. This was at the break of day, and
Captain Wood was notified and speedily
found out that it was the wrecic of a ves
seL He went out with his crew and found
a sailor clineing to an improvised raft.
The man was hardly able to wave the life
preservers as they came up. He was taken
to the station, and when pronounced out
of danger was sent to bed.
This evening he wns able to teli that his
name was Frank Delach ; that they left
Turington Friday, and almost immedi
ately the captain began drinking, having
for his companions a sailor named Fred
and the mate. Soon the three became
drunk and they continued that way until
the end.
The boat leaked badly ail the way, and
the hands at the pumps soon became
worked out. The sea increased, and the
men begged the captain to beach the
boat, but nc refused. When they came in
sight, of Muskpgon he did not know where
he was, and anchored a mile and a half
out, against the protests of DeJach, who
wajited him to either enter the harbor or
go ashore. Tb« drunken captain, how
ever, refused, and would not allow any
signals to be given to bring help, locking
up tne torches. Shortly after the boat be
gan breaking up, and the men sought
safety in the rigginir. One by one the
r.:asts feil, one killing the negro cook.
The other six clung to the wreckage and
were washed away one by one, Delach aud
It Is Not a Dream After All.
tho mate being the last to go, just at day-
L'reak this morning.
Two bodies, those of the cook and a
Swedish sailor, have .been recovered and
taken charge of by:C' Vacderjinde, j
win) wi>l hoi. an ii. jilt 31 tb'Ciotfbw." ; -;_
@ | The boat had on 600 tons of .--alt. The
.Waukeslia was an old boat, having been '
.built, at Manitowoc, \\Vis.. in 1862; She •
registered 310 tons, was 136 feet long and
20 feel beam.
This was Dslach's first trip on the boat
and he was unable to give the names of
any of the crew. He says she was sailed
by her owner. This is the thirteenth time
Delach has been wrecked. Nothing was
found on the bodies by which they could
be identified.
The beach is strewn with wreckage for
two miles south of the piers and the
shores have been thronged by thousands
to-day, eagerly picking up souvenirs.
Everything possible has been done to ob
tain the names of the lost men, but noth
ing has been learned as yet.
FUNERAL OF MRS. VANDERBILT.
Her Body Will Be Borne to the Tomb on
Tuesday — Cornelius Vanderbilt
Improving.
. NEW YORK, N. ST., Nov. B.— The funeral
of the laV-> Mrs. William 11. Vanderbilt is
to take j>l£C2 Tuesday morning, arrange
ments having been perfected to-day alter
consulting with Cornelius Vanderbilt and
other members ot the family. The pall
bearers will be D. O. Mills, S. F. Barger,
Ciiauncey M. Depew, George Crocker, J.
A. Burden and John Sloane. Services
,wil! be held in St. Bartholomew's Church
of which Mrs. Vanderbilt was aya v member,
at 10 a. M., conducted by the rector, Rev.
David K. Greer. The remains will be
entombed at Dewdrop, Staten Island.
The health of Cornelius Vandorbilt is a
matter of solicitude at this time, because
of the shock of his mother's death coming
upon him while he was still confined to
his Newport home convalescing. Mr. De
pew said to-night that Mr. Vanderbilt had
stood the trip from Newport better than
might have been expected, and that be
was certainly getting along well. Most
«nen suffering from an attack as severe as
that sustained by Mr. Vanderbilt wou^d,
he thought, have been confined to the
house for six months and incapacitated
from business for a longer period. From
his remark?, it is evident Mr. Vanderbilt
is able to give some slight attention to
business matters, though still uuder the
care of his physician.
FELL INTO THE GRAFE.
Gr«w*omeExp'rienceofa Young Won an
at a J-unrral.
PITTStfURG, Pa., Nor. B. —Blanche
Bair, a youn:; woman of Homestead, bad
a grewsorne experience this afternoon
when she fell into the grave prepared for
her late friend Nellie Chapman.
The two young women had been de
voted friends, and Miss Bair was among
the most devoted mourners at ths funeral.
She accompanied the remains to their
last resting-place, and wan c*!ose to the
grave when she was obliged to move to
get out of the way of an approaching
Coroner.
It happened that sho stepped onto the
lid oi the rough box, which tiltea, throw
ing her feet first into the grave. As she
lell her head and shoulders struck on the
side of the grave and the lid fell onto her,
striking her on she bacfc of the neck.
The young woman was pulled out in an
unconscious state and removed to her
home, where a physician attended her.
She did not regain consciousness until
three hours later. Her injuries are said to
be slight, but she was greatly frightened.
The New Champagne Vintage.
By its remarkable quality and dryness, with
out being heavy, the sclendld now vintage of
G H. Mumin's Extra Dry now being imported
is creating a sensation. It should be tasted to
befuliy appreciated, •
TURKEY'S SULTAN
COWED BY FRANCE
Abdul Hamid Hastens to
Effect the Demanded
Reforms.
Begins by Causing the Hated
Vali of Diarbekir to Be
Dismissed.
EUROPEAN DEADLOCK BROKEN.
The Powers Believed to Hive Reached
an Agreern nt 1o Act in
Unison
PARIS, France, Nov. B.— lt is evident
that the speech delivered in the Chamber
of Deputies by M. Hanotaux, Minister of
Foreign Affairs, has had an extraordinary
effect upon the Sultan of Turkey and has
produced results that the most sanguine
almost despaired of ever s-eing. The
statement cablt d last night by the United
Associated Presses as to the attitude of
the Sultan after he learned what M. Hano
taux had said, and the many reforms he
promised in consequence of the attitude
of France, was official, it having emanated
from the Foreign Office here. Seldom, il
ever, has partial fulfillment followed so
closely upon the Turkish promises, and it
is believed here that all reforms promised
by the Sultan will be carried out as quickiy
as circumstances will permit, particularly
as M. Cambon, the French Embassador to
the Porte, has received precise instruc
tions from the Foreign Office to watch the
application of the preliminary reform in
the Turkish administration.
As stated in last night's dispatches", the
Sultan, as soon as he received from the
Turkish Embassador here a telegraphic
report of M. Hanotaux's speech, sent one
of his secretaries to M. Cambon, who im
pressed upon the secretary that there was
urgent necessity for the Sultan to adopt
measures to reassure the public opinion
and satisfy Europe. The French repre
sentative spoke with no uncertain tone,
and the whole conversation was repeated
by the secretary to the Sultan, who ap
parently realized tbat the time for trifling
was past. At any rate the Turkish Em
bassador at Paris yesterday visited the
Foreign Office and informed M. Hanotaux
that the Saltan had decided upon effect
ing widespread and radical reforms.
Among the promises made by the Sultan
was one to dismiss the Vali of D.arbekir
for the share he took in the disorders
there, and this promise has already been
fulfilled. Khalid Bey, president of the
Criminal Court, will replace the dismissed
Vali.
Advices from Constantinople show it is
understood there an extra tribunal which
was appointed in consequence of the
massacres will be immediately dissolved.
Telegrams have been aent by the Porte to
all the military governors informing them
that they will be held answerable for any
further bloodshed.
Europe's Orders to the Forte.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Turkey, Nov. B.—
The diplomats to-day notified the Porte
that they bad not yet been informed of
the names of the Ottoman delegates on
the commission to reorganize the police
and judiciary of Crete. They also od
jected to the recent order for the payment
of the tax collected by the tribunal of
comniercefSnto the State this year, and it
was directed that the salaries of the tri
bunal of commerce should be paid before
the taxes were converted into the treas
ury.
POWERS ACTING JOINELY
lhe European Hemltocl: Relieved to Re
at an En ft.
LONDON, Em?., Nov. B.— The Daily
Graphic will to-morrow say that the hur
ried capitulation of the Sultan to M. Cam
bon, the French Embassador to Turkey,
shows that tho European deadlock is
ended, and that the powers have finally
decided upon a joint plan of action.
The Daily News will express itself as
being skeptical of the reforms being car
ried out unless M. Hanotaux has secured
Russia's active support.
The Standard to-morrow will publish a
dispatch from Vienna saying it is reported
there that France has obtained the assist
ance of Russia in a reorganization of the
TurKish finances on the basis of European
control. The dispatch notes that M,
Berger, the agent of the French holders of
Turkish bonds, is now in St. Petersburg.
The Standard will say the action of France
and Russia in Constantinople is virtually
a confession that Great Britain was right
all along in the belief that coercion was
necessary.
To Extend the Reforms,
PARIS, France. Nov. B —The Temps
has a dispatch from Constantinople stat
ing that a decree ordering the extension
of the reforms promised for the province
of Anatolia to the whole empire was sub
mitted to-day to the Council of Ministers.
MEXICAN RAILROAD CONCESSION.
American Capitaliatt Will I~urni»h
'Money for the Enterprise.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. B.— A special to
a morning paper from Victoria, Mex.,
says:
Governor Guadalupe Maninero of this
city has been granted a concession for the
construction of a railroad from San
Miguel, a town opposite Rio Grande City,
Tex., to the Gulf Railroad. The Federal
Government will give him a subsidy of
$5000 for each kilometer constructed.
United States capitalists will furnish the
money for the enterprise. This road will
make an important link in a direct road
from the Texas border to the City of
Mexico.
SAW THE CZAIt'S TRIUMPHS.
Emperor William /tail to Hare Visited
Fari* Incognito.
PARIS, France, Nov. 3.— The Gaulois
publishes an extraordinary story that the
1 French Government has been serai-om
cially apprised that Emperor William
: came to Paris incognito during the visit
of the Czar. The Czar, the Gaulois adds,
saw him at Versailles, and several officers
knew he was present at Chalons at the
time of the military maneuvers there. He
attended the gala performances given at
the Opera in honor of the Czar, and pre
caution was taken to prevent an unfavor
able scene if he was recognized. The story
tinds tew believers.
__ •
WILD WEATHER IN ENGLAND
Fierce Gal* m and Many Wreck* Off the
. V . Hast < ■in.'.
LONDON, Esq., Nov. B.— A northeast
pale th.it is prevailing has done much
damage at various points along the coast.
A number of Yarmouth smacks and lots
of fishing boats have baen wrecked. The
Dutch galiot Dena has been wrecked at
the mouth of the river Tees. No lives
were lost. The crew of the steamer Cam
wood has landed at Lowes toft and report
that their vessel foundered at sea.
A snowstorm is prevailing in Wales.
FIVE CENTS.
CUT DOWN BY
SPANISH SWORD
Brutal Attack Upon an
Unoffending American
in Cuba.
Wounded by an Officer After
Proving That He Was
an Alien.
SEVENTEEN PACIFICOS SLAIN.
Murder of Unarmed Workingmen
Reported as a Decisive
Victory.
KEY WEST, Fla., Nov. B.— Passengers
who arrived last night from Havana
brought news of another outrage com
mitted on an American citizen. Although,
the details are incomplete the facts aro
positive, since the victim has filed a pro
test with Vice-Consul Springer and the
case has been sent to Washington for in
structions.
It appears that near the town of San
Jose de las La jus, this province, a Spanish
force patroling the country surprised
three rebels who tried to sneak into town.
The Spaniards gave chase and the rebels
fled. In order to discover the hiding
place of the fugitives the Spanish forces
were divided into squads of tilty ineu and
sent in diXferenl. directions.
One of these parties went to the estate
owned by a Cuban where Frederick L.
Craycraft, a native of Indiana and only
two years in Cuba, was manager. They
entered the residence, destroyed the fur
niture «nd ransacked the premises. The
women present were insulted in the most
outrageous manner. Craycraft protested
that he was an American and showed pa
pers. This seemed to incense the officer
iv command, who drew a sword and com
menced slashing at Craycraft. He man
aged to avert death, but was wounded in
the back, receiving a, fearful gash thct
carried away part of the ilesh. His fore
arm was also cut to the bone. The other
officers interfered and saved his life. Cray
craft was forced to deliver about $160 in
his possession.
Meantime Craycraft heard great oub»
cries outside, and later found that seven
teen Pacilicos had been killed. There v,;t3
not one insurgent among them. All thia
was reported last week as a great Spanish,
victory.
Letters received from Puerto Principe
give further details of the capture of tho
town of Guoyamuro by Calixto Garcia.
The whole garrison, IGO men, surrendered
and are still pr.soners, although Garcia
sent word to Castellanos that he would
deliver them. Garcia is also attending to
the officers' and soldiers' wounds.
It is rumored that Weyler has issued
secret orders to military commanders in
the sugar districts prohibiting grinding,
except on Spanish properties. Orders
have also been issued to seize foreigners
residing on sugar estates, to kill cattie and
destroy implements and to simulate a
fight in order to scare the farmers and
laborers.
Passengers by the steamer Olivette re
port that numerous insurgents from the
command of General Gomez have entered
the province of Matanzas during the past
few days and have caused General WeyK-r
to dispatch 6000 of his troops stationed in
Pinar del Rio district into Matanzas.
Considerable excitement exists in Havana
ana al>o in Matanzas, the people fearing
an attack upon the latter placa.
WATCHING THE FILINUSTERS.
Mysterious Movement* of the Dntintlen*
an<i Three Friends.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Nov. B.— The
steamer Dauntless, seized by the collector
of customs at Fernandina for violating
navigation laws by not carrying a suffi
cient number of lifeboats, has, it is alleged
gone to Brunswick, Ga., to engage in the
towing business. The Government offi
cials are suspicious of the alleged filibus
ter and yesterday, as soon as the revenue
cutter Colfax arrived here in charge of
Captain Herrinsr, the cutter Boutwell at
once took on coal and started in pursuit
of the Dauntless.
In an hour after the Boutwell crossed
the bar the filibustering steamer Three
Friends left its dock and crossed the bar
alter dark. It had on board three weeks'
supply of coal. The Three Friends was
closely followed by the steamer Kate Spen
cer, which has several times carried out
cargoes of arms and ammunition for the
Three Friends. The United States crui-er
Raleigh has been ordered from Key West
to the St. Johns bar to watch for ul^us
teriug expeditions.
CLAIMS AGAINST SPAIN
Demand* of French Citizen* Submitted
for an Investigation.
MADRID, Spain, Nov. B.— The French
Government has communicated to the
Government here a list of claims made by
French citizens for losses incurred through
the rebellion in Cuba. The Spanish Gov
ernment has ordered an inquiry to be
made into the claims. The relations be
tween Spain and France are friendly.
General Polavieja, the newly-appointed
Captain-General of the Philippine Isl
ands, has sailed for Manila. He succeeds
Captain-General Blanco.
Use
Tho experience of those who have been cured
of scrofula, catarrah, rheumatism, by Hood's
Sarsaparilis, and obtain like benefit yourself.
Sarsaparilla
ts tho Dest— in fact the One True r.iooU I'uritU'r.
IIOUU SfHiSgripe. All druguists. 230.2
BISMARCK'S STRIFE
WITH THE KAISER
Prince Hohenlohe Seeks to
End the Disastrous
Feud.
The Chancellor's Health Im
paired by the Acuteness of
the Controversy.
M'KINLEY'3 POLICY DEBATED.
Hoped That His First Aim Will Bs
to Secure International
Bimetallism,
copy righted, 1896, by th 3 Cnlted Associated
I'resßes.J
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. B.— A report
which gained general credence was in cir
culation last evening that the Emperor
had demanded that Prince Bismarck come
to Berlin for the purpose of engaging In a
conference with himself and the Imperial
Chancellor, l'rince Hohenlohe, in regard
to the disclosure of State secrets which
Prince Bismarck has been making and
continues to utter through the medium of
his personal organ, the Hamburger Nach
richtcn. Prince Hohenlohe, who is prac
tically placed in a position which is very
distressing to him and is desirous of hav
ing a quiet official life, has suggested that
bolh the Emperor and Prince Bismarck
tate some means to bring about an im
mediate cessation of their polemics,
which are endangering the peace of
Europe. Among the stanch adherents
of Prince Bismarck the opinion prevails
that things have already gone too far and
they are agreed that the controversy must
cer.se, but, none of them venture to bu:
gest any plan whereby this opject can be
accomplished. From Munich, Carlsruhe
and other places, where Princa Bismarck
is strong in the possession of friends of in
fluence and high station, it is known posi
tively that supplications have been ad
dressed to him to discontinue the course
he is pursuing as the only means of avert
ing serious trouble.
Apart from the responsibility of the ex-
Chancellor for the revelations of the
Russo-German neutrality treaty and other
disclosures which have been made, the
question has been discussed in Berlin
whether Dr. Hoffman, chief editor of the
Hamburger Nachricuten, ought not to be
indicted ; but, as a result of the discussion,
it was decided that the indictment of Dr.
Hoffman would be as impracticable a
move as to prosecute Prince Bismarck
himself under the articles of the penal
cod<: by which Count yon Arnim and Pro
fessor Geitiekin were tried, convicted and
imprisoned, and under no circumstances
would the Emperor permit such a pro
ceeding as this.
The controversy has now reached an
acute stage and is seriously affecting the
health of Prince Hohenlohe. who is essen
tially of a pacific temperament and accus
tomed to quiet diplomatic combats.
'ihe feverish and implacable tight which
is being waged by Prince Bismarck is
causing the Chancellor to pass many
Bieepless nights, and for this reason the
Emperor is de-irous of putting an end to
the whole matter as speedily as possible.
Otherwise the Kaiser is understood to be
willing to allow Prince BismarcK to ex
pand to his uttermost limit, meeting each
of the developments of his warlare with
explanations marking the present honest
policy of the German Government as con
trasted with the Bbifty diplomacy of the
old Chancellor. In the meantime Hohen
lohe is standing between the Emperor and
Prince Bismarck in the attitude of a
peacemaker, anxious to conciliate both
sides and at least to obtain cessation of a
duel without the precipitation of a na
tional scandal.
Meanwhile it is undeniable that the
effect ol the controversy, coupied with the
articles thereon published in she official
press,- has been to weaken and to decry the
policy of Germany as untrustworthy.
The policy which Mr. McKinley is ex
pected to pursue after his inauguration as
President of the United Btate3 in regard
to bimetallism and the tariff continues to
be discussed iv the columns of the lead
ing newspapers. The Kreuz Zeitung
maintains that there is reason for a feel
in'c of satisfaction among the biruetailists,
as there is hope that the tirst aim ot Mc-
Kinley will be to obtain a settlement of
the monetary question upon an inter
national basis. As to the tariff, the Zei
tung proceeds to advocate the co-opera
tion ot the European powers for a con
certed interpretation of the money doc
trine as international law, and then goes
onto argue la favor of an international
agreement for common duties upon the
leading American imports.
"This movementof acommon European
tariff war in response to the election of
Mr. McKinley," the Zeitung says, "is not
a new suggestion, as the same cry was
heard during the first outburst against the
tariff law when it went into operation in
the United States, but the movement was
seen to be impracticable."
Pursuing the subject, the paper says:
"If it is impossible to achieve joint Eu
ropean activity Germany must proceed
upon independent lines, first creating a
high tariff and then giving notice of the
cessation of the 'most favored nation' Bys
tern as soon as the Government raises its
tariff."
The Zeitung says thi3 would have the
effect to secure the success of negotiations
for v tfeaty based upon the new German
maximum tariff.
The HamDurger Nachrichten relies upon
Mr. iacKinley'n favoring bimetallism on
principle, and believes that he will do his
utmost to obtain an international mone
tary agree me :it.
The Harubur. .y- Oorrespondenz, a semi
official journal % tn that although it is
not in expectatio.. that there will be any
ultimate benefit 10 the commercial rela
tions between Europe and the United
States as a result of the Presidential elec
tion, it is convinced that the bimetallic
movement will rather revive than subside
undeT the administration of President Mc-
Kinley.
The Socialists differ greatly in their
comments upon the defeat of Bryan and
their estimates ol the results ofHhe elec
tion of McKinley. Herr William Lieb
knecht. the Socialist leader, in a com
munication to the VoerTvaerts argues that
there would have been a convulsion of
trade, if Bryan had been elected, which
wouidhave worked serious Injury to the
working people. Mr. Bryan. $lerr Lieb
k:;echt says, is not a scientific socialist,
but is rather an a jitator.
Ex-Court Chaplain Stiecker, in his
Christian Socialist organ, the VoJk, takes
an opposite view, holding that Bryan is a
leader of social reforms based upon Chris
tian principles.
Tiie returns of the imports of American
butter into Germany show that ihe im
portation coniinues'to increase. In 1893
the quantity of American butter brought
to Germany was only 21.500 kilograms. In
1894 ihe aggregate was 296,000 kilograms,
in 1895 375,000 kilograms, and for the first
eight months of 1896 the importation
reached 398,000 kilograms.
The merchants of Hamburg are com
plaining of the strictness with which the
measures of the United States consulate
in that city are now being enforced.
Hitherto the United States Consul has ex
ercised his discretion in legalizing invoices
after shipments had been effected, but
acting under instructions from Washing
ton, the consulate now 'insists upon the
legalization of invoices before or con
temporary with the shipments.
The exports of raw sugar from Ham
burg has taken on such large dimensions
that on Friday five vessels were engaged
at the same time in loading with 10,300
tons of the product. This increase is
largely due, however, to the desire of the
dealers to get as much raw sugar out of
the country as possible before the new
sugar iaw goes into effect.
The great increase in the importation
of American apples into Germany has led
the agrarian newspapers to agitate in
favor of the Government taking measures
to prohibit further imports, alleging that
sources of disease have been discovered in
recent importations of the fruit.
Apropos of the attempts oj the agra
rians to restrict American exports gener
ally the North German Gazette says that
American newspapers are bndly informed
when they assert that the German Gov
ernment contemplates placing lurther
restrictions upon the importation of
American products. The statement that
the inspection here of ail importod tinned
meats has been ordt-red or is about to be
ordered, the Zeitung says, is also erro
neous.
The manager of the Prussian Govern
ment ntud has purchased the American
trotting mare Helen Nichols for utock
purposes. < ______^___^_
KNIGHTS OF LABOR.
Delegates to the Twentieth General As-
setnbltf Gathering at Rochester.
ROCHESTER. N. V., Nov. 8. — The
twentieth general assembly of the Knights
of Labor in Canada and the United States
will begin its session in this city Tuesday
morning.
All of the officers and most of the dele
gates are already upon the scene. Several
of the committees held special sessions
to-day to consider propositions to be
brought before the assembly.
At the first meeting, Tuesday morning,
the address of welcome will be delivered
by Mayor Warner, and General Master
Workman John R. Sovereign will make
the response on behalf of the society. The
visitors will be royally entertained.
Tha canvassing for office is already in
progress. It is said that Master WorK
man Sovereign is not in the field. Among
the prominent candidates for his office is
T. B. McGuire of Amsterdam. No serious
opposition has yet developed to Secretary-
Treasurer Hayes, but the malcontents
have not arrived in force.
Xotes From the Vatican.
ROME. Italy, Nov. B.— The nomination
of the Rev. C. E. Thomas as Bishop of
Wilmington, Del., will be published at the
next consistory. It is stated in Vatican
circles that the forced retirement of
Bishop Keane from the rectorship of the
Catholic university at Washington will be
followed by tne removal of several of the
professors at that institution. There is
much intrigue regarding the successor of
Bishop Keane. It dm not been decided
who will be appointed to the rectorship.
The J ih-r- .Viif/gif Disaster.
HALIFAX, N. S., Nov. B.— The steamer
Tiber, Captain De Lisle, by which tha
schooner Maggie was sunk off St. Johns,
N. F., Friday night, causing the loss of
thirteen lives, has not yet arrived at
Bydbftj, N. S. Captain de Lisle is re
garded as a careful navigator, and his
friends express surprise at the charges
that he was solely to blame for the dis
aster.
Still Beliete I>rr>/:us Guilty.
PARIS, Fbanck, Nov. B.— The papers
here discuss the pamphlet issued in Brus
sels by M. Lazare, to prove that ex-Captain
Dreyfus, who was sentenced to lite impris
onment for betraying French military
secrets to Germany, is the victim of a con
spiracy, but they do not accept the argu
ments advanced and the evidence adduced
as conclusive.
Pullman Car Works Destroyed.
LONDON, Exg., Nov. B.— A St. Peters
burg dispatch says: The Pullman Car
Works at Peterhof have been almost to
tally destroyed by fire.
POSTAL SERVICE REPORT
Great Saving During the Year
and Improvement in
Delivery.
The Franking Privilege Abased Dur
ing the Campaign— A Penalty
Recommended.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov., B.— First
Assistant Postmaster - General Frank
Jones, in his annual report for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1896, states that
there has during that time been a saving
of $3,278,985, and also shows an improve
ment in the service of delivering the vol
ume of mail matter.
Tne number of Presidential postoffices
is 3684, the salaries of postmasters being
$0,203,900, and the total gross receipts
Irom these offices were $65,282,364.
Mr. Jones recommends that $17,000,000
be appropriated to compensate postmas
ters for the next fiscal year. He asks only
$11,000,000 for clerk hire, a considerable
decrease in proportion to the increase of
clerks to be employed. He recommends
that $75,000 be appropriated for the rental
and purchase of canceling machines. He
thinks that $100,000 is a sufficient sum to
cover advertising expenses regarding un
claimed letters and advocates the adop
tion of the bulletin-board system in this
matter. He recommends that ten in
spectors be assigned to look after the work
in the salary and allowance branch of the
service.
Free delivery service has been estab
lished at twenty-four cities during the year,
and there are now but sixty-three enti
tled to it, but on account of the expense
the remainder could not be benefited.
Experimental free delivery in towns and
villages has shown a reduction in gross
receipts in a majority of offices. By No
vember 1 next rural free delivery will be
tested in about thirty States. There was
a reduction of dismissals of letter-carriers,
which evidences the high standard of dis
cipline.
An estimated expenditure of $13,326,500
is made on account of free delivery sys
tems for the fiscal year 1897-98.
Negotiations are now pending for an
exchange of money orders with Mexico.
Mr. Jones recommends that a penalty
be prescribed for the unlawful use of the
frank of a member of Congress, and sug
gests $300 fine in each case. He says the
law was disregarded during the campaign
just closed. He asks legislation to do
away with private postoffice boxes.
Pacific Const /'ciifion..
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. B.— Pacific
Coast pensions have been issued as fol
lows:
California: Original— William M. Moir,
lowa City; Edwin P. Plumb, San Fran
cisco. Original widows— Laura E. Merri
mnn, San Jose; Laura V. Bell. Santa Ana.
Washington: Original — Herbert E.
Farnswonh, Pomeroy; Thomas Fitzpat
rick, Seattle. Increase— Calvin D. Rogers,
El ma.
Oregon: Original— James W. MacFar
land, Olaila; Samuel F. Blythe, Hood
River. Original widows, etc.— Celinda
Haines, Portland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
PROSPECTS FOR A
TARIFF MEASURE
The Confident Expressions
of Senators Quay and
Sherman.
Say the Dingley Bill Can Be
Enacted at the Short
Session.
THI3 IS HIGHLY IMPROBABLE.
An Extra Session, a New Senate and
a N.w President Seem to
Be Necossary.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. B.—Sena
tors Quay and Sherman have within the
past few days expressed the confident
opinion that at the coming short session
of Conereds an effort will again be made
to pass the Dingley tariff bill through
Congress. This effort, if successful, would
obviate the necessity for calling the new
Congress in extra session immediately
after the inauguration ol Mr. McKinley.
It is therefore conceded that it would be
most desirable to clear up the difficulty
now embarrassing the treasury.
Unfortunately, however, in spite of the
fact that two Senators so eminent in their
party's council as Messrs. Quay and Sher
man ha7e asserted the probability of the
passage of the Dingley emergency bill, it
does not seem likely the measure can pass
the Senate. In the first place, the Re
publicans lack far too many votes to make
a solid compact majority for any pariy
measure like a tariff bill.
The coming short session, at which Mr.
Quay belives a tariff bill can be passed,
will see in their seats on the Democratic
side Messrs. Gibson, Brice, Hill, Palmer
and Blackburn, all of whom will be suc
ceeded next year by Republicans, but all
of whom would talk and vote against a
tariff bill, and who would glory in de
voting their last days in Congress to the
defeat of any tarff legislation. More
over, it is a short session, and at the short
session the Appropriations Committee has
full say in the Senate.
Conceding that the Senate Finance Com
mittee, which at the present time is still
in the power of the free-silver Senators,
couid report the bill to (he Senate with
only the usual routine delay of the Senate
committee, it would still be some time in
J anuary before the measure could be called
up in that body. With only six or eight
weeks remaining to the session in which
the thirteen indispensable appropriation
bills must be passed, it is easy to see how
it is possible for a few Democratic Sena
tors to talk tariff until the Appropriations
Committee would peremptorily demand
the withdrawal of the measure. Besides,
it appears to be forgotten in Mr. Quay's
programme that Mr. Cleveland is still in
ihe White House, and that even if the bill
passed both branches of Congress it would
meet a prompt veto at the other end of the
avenue.
It is the general belief that no serious
attempt will be made to pas 3 the Dingley
bill, but that an extra session of the new
Congress will be called, at which a care
fully drawn protective tariff bill yielding
ample revenue will be adopted, and at
which a bill may also be passed author
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue short-term low-ir.terest bonds suf
ficient to meet any emergency that may
arise until the new tariff bill will bring Iv
sufficient revenue to enable the Government
to meet all its expenditures.
FAR-REACHING TELEPHONE ORDER.
Practically Puts an End to the Western
Electric Company's Exclusive Manu
facturing Rights.
CHICAGO, 111, Nov. B.— ln the United
States Circuit Court yesterday Judge
Showalter issued an order of far-reaching
importance to the telephone industry it:
which the court practically puts an end to
the alleged richt of exclusive manufacture
hela by the Western Electric Company.
The order or entry made in tne case is to
the effect that the Watson telephone
switch patent had "xpired July 30, 1895,
by virtue of its having been tasen out in
Canada by the inventor July 30, 1880. The
discovery that a Canadian patent had
been issued on the invention was made
only recently by the Western Telephone
Construction Company, which concern
was the principal defendant in the suit
brought by the combined Bell ami West
ern electric combination. The court has
had the case in which the Western Elec
tric Company charged infringment under
advisement since last summer and in the
meantime tne Western Telephone Con
struction Company discovered this new
evidence.
Aside from ordering the admission of
this testimony yesterday Judge Showalter
could do nothing further until he renders
hi* decision.
Under the decision in the Bates refrige
rator case the discovery of the Canadian
patent shortens the life of the Watson
concession five years, it having been ruled
that a patent taken out in a foreign coun
try acts against a later patent issued in
this country.
Hi A>S- Missis Ir r 1 CONGRESS.
W. J. Bryan Will ->ou> Devote Himself to
the Cam inn Exposition.
LINCOLN, Nebr. Nov. B.— W. J. Bryan,
as president of the Trans-Mississippi con
gress, is interesting himself in that enter
prise, and since the election result became
known has received a number of calls
from Omaha gentlemen and others urging
him to call a meeting of the congress at as
early a date as practicable. The congress
originated the exposition as a means of
bringing trans-Mississippi States together
in closer v.nion. Omaha was selected as
the site of the proposed exhibition. lowa
ana Louisiana Legislatures have met since
plans for the exposition were perfected,
and each made appropriations to defray
preliminary expenses for arranging a State
exhibit.
Legislatures of other Western States
will meet in January, and those inter
ested in the exposition want an early
meeting of the Trims-Mississippi Con
gross, so that plans may be arranged to
induce Legislatures of Western States to
set aside funds for State exhibits.
These matters were discussed with Mr.
Bryan, ana he was authorized to do what lie
could to further tue interests of the expo
sition. The visiting delegation wants the
Trans-Mississipni Congress to meet about
December 15. No definite action has been
taken by Mr. Bryan, but it is understood
that the annual meeting will be held not
later than that date. The meeting-place
this year is Salt Lake.
The Nebraska Legislature at its coming
session will be naked to make an appro
priation of from $100,000 to $209,000 In be
half of the exposition.
Mr, Bryan will remain 8t his home in
Lincoln for an indefinite period.
MINNIE DUPREE TO WED.
Second Matrimonial Venture of the Cali-
fornia Actress Formally An
nounced.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 9.-A morn
ing paper says: Minnie Dupree, who re
cently finished a two weeks' engagement
at the Boston Museum in the "Two Little
Vagrants," has announced her intention
to forsake the stage at the end of the sea
son for a second matrimonial venture.
The man of her choice is Major William
H. LangJey, a cotton millionaire who lives
at the New Amsterdam Hotel at Fourth
avenue and Twenty-tirst street.
Major Lantrley's first wife, who was
Marie Bell Shepard, got a divorce from
him about a year ago. At the time the
Langleys separated it was said that the
wife received $350,000 for herself and $1,
-000,000 in trust for her three children.
Major Langley is a member of the Man
hattan and other clubs and is reputed to
be worth several million dollars.
Minnie Dupree is a Californian, 26 years
of age, and has played leading part* with
Richard Mansfield, Nat Goodwin and
Stuart Robson.
SNOW IN SOUTH DAKOTA.
The llearu and unseasonable Fall Will
Cause Much Suffering,
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov. 8. — Reports
from points in South Dakota report a re
markably heavy fall of snow for this
Beason of the year. A Huron special says
from twelve to fourteen inches o! snow
covers the ground in that portion of the
State, more than fell all last winter, and
the heaviest so parly in the season for six
teen years. Thousands of acres of corn
are covered, and but a small portion of
the crop has been threshed. Settlers Rre
unprepared for winter and much suffering
will follow. The snow has drifted and
railway trains are impeded. Chamberlain
and Miller report heavy loss to stock and
much suffering as a result of the severe
weather.
RUSSELL SMITH DEAD.
A Veteran Scenic Artiit Well Known
Arnonrf Theatrical People.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 8.-Rus
sell Smith, the veteran scenic artist, died
to-day at his home near this city. Mr.
Smith was known among all theatrical
people and painted scenery and drop-cur
tains for the leading theaters of the
country.
WANT McKINLEY'S FAVOR
CKfic -Seekers of Every Descrip
tion Are Now Presenting
Their Claims.
Wagon • Loads of Flowers Divided
Among Sick Friends or Sent
to Hospitals.
CANTON. Ohio, Nov. B.— Major Mc-
Kinley is rapidly recovering from the
effects of the mental strain and arduous
labors of the campaign, and this evening
expressed himself as being quite fully
rested. He is in excellent health and
spirits. The President-elect spent a very
quiet Sunday. He took a short walk early
in the morning, attended church as usual,
and in the afternoon went for a drive. The
balance of the day Mfttof McKinley passed
.quietly in his library. Among those who
called were: Charles G. Dawes, member
of the executive committee of the National
Republican Committee. Ferdinand W.
Peck and Alexander Revell of Chicago,
Captain A. T. Wimberly of New Orleans
and Congressman Francis H. \vilsou of
Brooklyn, N. Y.
The determination of Major McKinley
to remain in Canton till the middle of this
week on account of the feeble condition of
his wife may keep the stormcloud of
political interest central over Canton for
some days longer. The character of the
visitors to Major McKinley has changed a
good deal since his election.
During the campaign when the railways
made low rates there were hundreds and
thousands of people from the lowly walks
oflife who came to Canton. Now the vis
itors are largely of the political, office- j
holding or office-seeking classes, and only
aspirants for places of the higher grades
take the trouble to come to Canton. For
the apparent purpose of tendering con
gratulations in person many persons who
have great expectations bring themselves
into the horizon of the President-elect.
Applications for official places are begin
ning to come in by mail in large numbers,
and they include appointments from day
laborers up to chiefs of bureaus. Flowers
in unlimited quantities continue to reach
Mrs. McKinley. Every room in the house
is filled with them, and the supply was so
large yesterday afternoou that a wagon
load was divided among sick friends and
the patients in the city hospital.
Among the many letters and telegrams
received by the President-elect to-day
were the following:
R. J. Colcord, chairman State Commute,
Carson, Nev.— The few Republicans of Nevada
extend sincere thanks and hearty congratula
tions to our gallant leader and the Repub
licans of the great East for having saved us
irom dishonor, repudiation and pernicious
heresies of Populism.
W. W. Baker, editor, Portland, Or.— The
Farmer and Stockman extends to you and the
country Its congratulations.
Hon. George C. Perkins, San Francisco— l
congratulate you upon your magnificent
victory, assuring prosperity to our common
country. California, lam pleased to say, joins
the Republican columns.
William Barr, chairman Republican County
Committee, San Rafael, Cal.— Marln, the ban
ner Republican county in the State of Califor
nia, sends her greetings to you on your suc
cessful campaign.
KENTUCKY'S ELECTORAL VOTE.
Chairman Woodson. <l<tim* a Conspiracy
to Strat the ktatr.
OWENSBORO, Ky., Nov. B.— ln a com
munication to the United Associated
Presses this evening, Ury Woodson, chair
man of the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, says:
1 have only to nay that Governor Bradley, by
his te.egram of November 6 to Republican Na
tional Committeeman Scott of New York, in
which he said, "Kentucky has certainly gone
for McKluley, and will just as certrlniy be
counted," proves that he is and ha» been from
the first iv a conspiracy to steal KentucKy for
McKinley. The Republican State chairman
only claims about 400 plurality out of 425.000
votes, and on November 6, the date of ;he Gov
ernor's telegram, it was known to no man that
Kentucky hud certainly gone for McKinley nor
Bryan either. Nor is it yet.
' icioru for Bimetallism.
VIENNA, Austria, Nov. B.— Pro-
fessor Suze, an Austrian economist, has
written a letter to the Neve Wiener Tage
blatt in which he argued that Mr. McKin
ie^'s election is a victory for international
bimetallism. rie concludes by saying
that the statesmen of Europe must learn
a lesson from events in America. It is
their duty to relieve the world of a state
of affairs so full of danger.
TO CUKE A COLO IN ONK|L>AY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All drug
gists refund the money ii it toils to cure. 25c.
STATEN ISLAND
MONGOL SLAIN
Highbinders Take the Life
of a San Joaquin County
Gardener.
Sever an Ear and Carry It
Away as Evidence of
Their Success.
TEN CHINESE UNDER ARREST.
Emp oyes of the Murdered Man Sus
pected of Complicity ia
the Crime.
STCCKTON, Cal., Nov. B.— One of the
most brutal murders in the histery of San
Joaquin County was committed last night,
and ten Chinese are in jail here charged
with complicity in connection with the
killing of See Jack, a Mongolian gardener
of Stateu Island. The murder was clearly
the deed of some highbinders' organiza
tion, as the left ear of the murdered man
was cut off and carried away by his
slayer as an evidence to those who em
ployed him that he had disposed of his
victim.
t See Jack was engaged in farming a tract
of land on Staten Island and had two
oiher Mongolians in partnership with him.
A number of almond-eyed coolies were
employed in cultivating the place, on
which was raised garden-truck for the San
Francisco market. The men were all in
the bunkhouse lar.t night, according to
the statement of the occupants, when See
Jack went outside. He was heard quar
reling with another Chinese, but those
■Within did not go outside to see who the
other man was. Shots were heard, and
when the inmates of the bunkhouse
rushed out they found See Jack lying
dead outside, with three builets in him
and his head mutilated where the assassin
had cut off his ear.
The Sheriff's office was notified and the
otacers who went to the island scout this
story. The dead Mongol was found to
have one bullet, froai a 44-caliber pistol,
in his neck; another entered above the
eft nipple, and a third entered his body
from the left side. The missing ear was
cut off so close to the head tuat it must
have been severed with a knife as keen as
a razor. The other Chinese on the place
denied all knowledge of the killing and
united in saying that they knew nothing
until they heard the shots and ran out to
find See Jack iying dead in a pool ot
blood. The Sheriff \s deputies did not be
lieVfe this, and arrested every man on the
place for complicity in the crime.
Tnis county has for years been very free
from highbinder warfare, as the officers
keep a strict watch on all who come from
San Francisco for this purpose and notify
them to leave at once upon their arrival".
On the islands, however, it is difficult to
learn whether representatives of the San
Francisco societies are anout, and this
murder is, without doubt, the work of
some member of the organization of paid
assassins. Ait inquest will be held to
morrow afternoon, when it is expecte.l
that new evidence will be brought out.
Meantime the officers are busy on the
case and expect to implicate some of the
Chinese now under arrest.
OAKLAND BEATS STOCKTON.
Hussell's L* ft- Handed Twirling Him a
Baseball Game,
STOCKTON, Cal., Nov. B.— The Oak
land aggregation of baseball players did
about as it pleased with the crack nine of
Stockton at Goodwater Grove to-day. The
Stockton team had been ieading in the
race for the pennant, and after last Sun
day's game was only slightly behind the
Imperials. The Stoctctoiiians thought
they would have an easy time with Oak
! land to-day, but they were sadly disap-
I pointed, as the curves ot Oakland's left-
I banded twirler, Russell, were too puzzling
| lor the batsmen of the Mill City. They
j failed to make a run for seven innings,
| and it was not until the eighth that they
I managed to send four men across the
rubber. So puzzling was Russell that
only five base hits were made off him,
and the Stockton men are usually very
handy with the stick, it was the great
j work of the Oakland pitcher that won the
| game. The runs by innings were as
i follows:
Stockton 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 4 0— 4
Oakland 0 1 S 4 0 1 1 0 x— lo
SAN JOSE'S POULTOS SHOW.
Over a Thousand Member* of th« Chicken
Artstocraci/ Entered.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. B.— Entries for
the poultry show to be held in this city by
tho Santa Clara Poultry and Kennel Club
from November IS to 21 inclusive closed
last night. Over 1000 birds have been en
tered, the aggregate value of which will
reach 125,000. Besides entries from all
over the Pacific Coast, many valuable
Eastern prize winners will be exhibited.
Fanciers throughout the State are taking
much interest in the show and it promises
to be largely attended. The exhibit will
be the finest ever held west of the Missis
sippi River.
Football at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. B.— The game of
football between the Santa Clara College
and University of the Pacific teams at the
Garden City Cyclers' irack yesterday
afternoon resulted in a tie, the score being
oto 0. Another game has been arranged
for next Saturday to decide the tie. The
University of the Pacific team has de
feated the Santa Clara College eleven in
two practice games.
To Pray for Christxano in Armenia.
BOSTON, Mass., Nov. 8. — In accordance
with a resolutionadopted by the Scotch
Christian Endeavor convention, which
met at Glaseow in September, the coming
week will be observed by unions through
out the world as a season of prayer for the
suffering Christians in Armenia. Inter
national President Clark and Secretary
B.ter of the United Society of Christian
Endeavor have issued an address to the
Endeavorers of the United States, nrging
daily prayer and exercises commencing
to-morrow and continuing for a week.
The Jtrnninotnn a Trtnpornrtf Flagship.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 8.-Ad
xniral Beardslee has transferred his flag
temporarily to the Bennington at San
Francisco, pending repairs to the Phila
delphia. The cruiser Castine has arrived
at Norfolk from the South Atlantic with
the short-time men of the station. She
will take a new crew and return to Monte
video. The Raleigh has returned to Key
West to-day after a week's iraitless cruise
for filibusters along the coast.
Duath of a Oiplomrtt.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Nov. B.—Ad
vices just received from Montevideo, Uru
euay, announce the death in that city of
Dr. Jaime Estrazulas, for the past three
years Uruguayan Minister of Horeign
Affairs. He was prominently mentioned
as the next President of Uruguay.
BUTLETIN'S STATEMENT.
Speaks of the Losing Battle of the Free-
Silrer Force*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. B— Senator
Marion Butler, chairman of the National
Committee of the People's party, has
Issued the following statement:
To the People of the United States: In the re
markable campaign just closed the People's
party was the only party that supported
solidly and unitedly the great and vital issues
represented In the candidacy of Mr. Bryiin.
This was natural, for the People's party came
into existence to bring to the front and to
press to victory tho principles of Lincoln and
Jefferson, already long discarded by the two
old parties.
The money power, feeling reasonably sure of
its control and domination of the leaders and
the controlling influences In the Republican
party in 1892, gave its support to the candi
dacy of Grover Cleveland lor tho special pur
pose of having him, through tne use of
patronage and otherwise, crush out the silver
sentiment in the South and make the leaders
in that party as completely subservient as
those in the Republican party.
To accomplish this purpose four Cabinet
Ministers from the South and an unusually
large amount of patronage was used on the
leaders to the same effect.
It will be remembered that Mr. Cleveland
demanded that Democratic Senators and Con
gressmen give a decisive vote in the interest
of the gold standard before he would even
give out the postotlices. This deep plan mignt
have succeeded had not the People's party at
thU juncture sprung into existence, exposed
the plot, stood in the breach and appealed to
the patriotic hosts of both parties to chock the
scheme of the people's despoiler and rally to a
common cause.
Then the People's party forced the Demo
cratic organization to repudiate Cleveland and
to return to the correct fundamental princi
ples. Not only this, but the People's party
then lorced the Republican parly to cease
hedging and straddling for the purpose of de
ceiving people, and drove it into a stand on
one side or the other of the vital issues at
stake.
The issue now being squarely defined, it was
evident that those influences in the Demo
cratic pa'ty which had dominated and de
bauched the party for a quarter of a cemury
would be driven to the support of a party mat
took a position on the side of trusts, monopo
lies and money gamblers. While on the other
hand it is evident that even though the
lnrger per cent of the Republican party
favored the principles not squarely forced to
the front, yet only a small per cent would In
this campaign support thorn because they
found them advocated by the Democrats. But
had It not been for the prejudice
against the Democratic name as well
as a want ot confidence in Demo
cratic promise?, for which it must be
lairly admitted past experience furnisties am
ple ground, a majority ol the voters of the
country, in spite of the tremendous and un
paralleled forces put forward by the Republi
can managers, would have cast tlfeir vote* for
reform and American independence.
The People's party, with a high patriotism
and an unselfish devotion to principle greater
than ever before exhibited by any other party,
stepped outside of its organization to throw
j its 2,000,000 votes solidly for Bryun. Had not
more than this number of those wbo called
themselves Democrats in 1892 given their sup
port to McKinley, the cause oi the people and
American principles would have triumphed
this year.
This class of Democrats will surely support
the party of monopolies and trusts in the
future. Their places in the ranks of there
form hogis may be taken by patriotic Repub-
I licans. In fact, Bryan would have been elected
I in this contest had even 25,000 silver Repub
j licans come to tne rescue.
The election of McKinley and triumph of the
t gold standard does not express the desires and
! sentiments of the American people. Tne ma
i jority oppose the policy for which he stands,
I und will so vote whenever an opportunity is
! presented for proper alignment. The remark
able and brilliant campaign of William J.
Bryan would have aligned these forces and
marched them to a triumphant victory if any
candidate or leader in American could have
done so under the Democratic banner.
A MILLION-DOLLAR BILLET
| Large Fire- Engine and Apparatus Fac
tory Consumed in London.
LONDON. Eng., Nov. B.— The factory
and storerooms of Shand, Mason & Co.,
j Upper Ground street, Blackfriars road,
| makers of nr« engines and all apparatus
j connected with the extinction of fires,
were burned this evening. The loss is
! estimated at £200,000. The property de
; stroyed included 3K) engines, two floats,
| 37,000 feet of hose, a quantity of lubber
and valuable machinery.
Specie »toli-n in Iranxit.
COLON, Colombia, Nov. B.— A consider
able amount of specie has been stolen
from a railroad train whiie in transit
across the Isthmus. The specie was in
tended for shipment by one of the mail
steamers to Europe. The amount secured
by the ihieves is estimated at from $5000
to 115,000.
Detained at Southampton.
SOUTHAMPTON, Eng., Nov. B.— The
American line steamer New York, which
was to have sailed for New York to-day,
will be detained acre until Monday for
the purpose of having a new shaft fitted.
Sir (harles Tupper Sails for England.
Q<JEBEC, Que., Nov. B.— Sir Charles and
Lady Tupper left for England yesterday
oa the Bteamer Nnmidian, which sailed
f ro m Quebec at 10 o'clock to-night.
THE HOTTEST REGION ON EARTH.
Water for tho Inhabitants Obtained
From Springs at the Sea Bottom.
The hottest region on the earth's surlace
is on the southwestern coast of Persia, on
the border of the Persian Gulf. For forty
consecutive days in the months of July
and August the mercury has been known
to stand about 100 degrees in the shade,
night and day, and to run up as high aa
130 degrees in the middle of the afternoon.
At Bahrein, in the center of the most
torrid part of this most torrid belt, as
though it were nature's intention to make
the place as unbearable as possible, water
from wells is something unknown. Great
shafts have been >unk to a depth of 100,
200, 300 and even 500 feet, but always with
the same result — no water.
This serious drawback notwithstanding,
a comparatively numerous population
contrives to live there, thanEs to copious
springs, which burst forth from the bot
tom of the gulf more than a mile from
the shore. "Machadores" (divers), whose
sole occupation is that of furnisning the
people of Bahrein with the life-giving
fluid, repair to that portion of the gulf
where the springs are situated and bring
away with them hundreds of baes full of
the water each day. The water of the
gulf where the springs burst forth is nearly
200 feet deep, but these macnadores
manage to fill their goatskin sacks by
diving to the bottom and holding the
mouths of the bags over fountain- jets —
this, too, without allowing the salt water
of the gulf to mix with it. The source of
these submarine fountains is thought to
be in the hiils of Osmond, 400 or 500 miles
away. Being situated at the bottom cf
the gulf it is a mystery how they were
ever discovered, but it is said that they
have been known since the dawn of his
tory. — Popular Science News.
BISHOPS AGAINST A PRINCE.
Long Conflict Over the Fnraous Do
ceaaed Wife's Sister BUI.
The famous deceased wiie's sister bill is
at this moment nearer to passage by the
English Parliament than ever before in
its long and eventful history.
The bill, as some Americans may not
know, seeks to repeal the existing statute
making the marriage 8t a widower with
the sister of his deceased wife null and in
cestuous. Such a statute remains on the
statute-books of England alone of all
civilized or uncivilized countries. Even
in the British colonies and dependencies,
from one end of the empire to the other,
such marriages are permitted. The in
hibition was raised in France Bixty years
ago, and in Germany and Scandinavian
countries even earlier. Iv countries sub
ject to t c spiritual rule of the Church of
Rome such marriages are nominally for
bidden, but are allowed by dispensation.
The history of the repealing bill in Eng
land affords one of the most amusing ex
amples of British clerical obstinacy. For
many years it has been known that the
great majority of British commoners de
sired the'repeal of the statute. Most of
the gentry and even the lords temporal
were of the same inin<t. Even the royal
family, almost without exception, are and
have been with the commoners. The Dis
senters are as a unit in the same party.
The opposition to this vast preponder
ance of opinion lies in the Archbishop of
Canterbury and the Bishops or lords
spiritual. These prelates have held the
balance of power in the House ot Lords,
and year by year have prevented the pas
sage of the repealing law.
This year, greatly to the scandal of
their lordships, the Prince of Wales him
self came up to London and canvassed
among the peers for votes. Th«* bishops
were all the more scandalized because th?
date for the second reading was so fixed aa
not to interfere with the Prince's Ascot
engagements. His Royal Highness suc
ceeded so well as a drummer for votes
that the second reading was passed by a
handsome majority. It has since come to
the thiri reading, and is now ready for
the Commons. The Earl of Dunraveu en
gineered the passage of the bill through
the Lords.
The ultimate fate of the bill depends
upon its fate in the Commons. If it
reaches that body at a comfortable season
before adjournment it will be passed, and
the obnoxious law will cease to be. If it
be deferred till the closing hours it is
likelyto die, and all the troublesome busi
ness will have to be gone through again.
IThe contention over the bill is chiefly
of a religious controversial character. The
Archbishop of Canterbury has indeed con
tended that to permit such marriages
would be to "comproiuise the peace of
families." but with the principle of Ger
many, France, the United States and all
the British colonies before their eyes this
argument has not gone far with the iirtt
ish public.
The present b 11 exempts the clergy of
the Church of England from its opera
tions, insomuch that if the bill be passed
the marriages comprehended in its pro
visions must be performed in England by
Dissenting, Jewish or Roman Catholic
clergymen, or by a civil officer. — New
York Journal.
The Sorrows of a Collector.
One of the brightest men in town — a
man who you'd swear came from some
cultured center of the East if his name
didn't specially assert prcisely the oppo
site — has the Robtrt Louis Stevenson
mania in its most aggravated form. Some
little time ago a friend wrote him that he
had procured for him, after unheard of
exertions, a genuine Stevenson autograph.
The news raised him into a seventh.
heave.n of blisa and into the very top story
of the heaven at that. Actually to hava
some exquisitely constructed sentence,
some flash of immortal gouius, some in
timate expression of deepest thought from
the master's pen, seemed too much to
hope for. At length, however, the precious
document came. The enthusiast unfolded
it. It was a small slip of paper on which
were the masrical words:
Please deliver to bearer one dollar and
fifteen cents. Robert LiOtjis Stevenpon.
Still it was a genuine autograph. — Wash
ington Post.
KEW tO-DAT. .-■ Pl-j v
fg^, (SPECIAL '
IP SALE
Holding up enormous values this week at
Roos Bros*. - - : . _, ■' .-,.•- .. ... ..-■
Special !
.Men's All-wool Suits, . Over-
coats and Ulsters — extra value
— $7 50. See our display.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, ages
13 to 19, in dark colors, $5.
Boys' Reefer Suits and Cape
Overcoats, very best styles, for
ages 3 to 10, $2 50.
Fancy Bosom Shirts, with
cuffs to match, $1.
The best ana largest assortment of Overcoat!
and Ulsters for Men and Boys.
Hats and Caps. for Ladies, Men and Boys for
half the hatter's price.
Smoking Jackets, House Coats, Gowns,
Traveling Bags. ; Direct importation, lowest
prices. - '
iTypVftifirS&r
Mail Orders— Quick, Sure, Satisfactory. ',
"When Others Fail Consult *)
DOCTOR SWEANY.
A Physician whose reputation. is established
by len years of successful practice In this city.
737 Market st., opp. Examiner Office.
NERVOUS. DEBILITY and all
ot its attending ailments, both of YOUNG,
MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. Indis-
cretions -of Youth, Excesses of Mature
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses/failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, inflamed glands,
varicocele, nvdrocele, dizziness of .the
head, gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a wanderine mind. — •
HEART, 15BC &I.V IVER VES—
Palpitations of: the neart. difficult
breathing; suffocating feeling, ' fullness
of head, fear of impending danger or
death, a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose. ■ ' -
lILOODnnd SKIIV DISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any cause
whatever. Eczema, etc.
BLADDER - Irritability, Cystitis,
Stricture, etc. ■
EYE, EAR, BOSS. THROAT
scientifically treated and prompt v cured.
DISEASES OF WO3IEIV— AII
of their many ailments cured. -
WRITE if away from the ciiy. Book,
'•Guide to Health," a treatise oa all the
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Call or address
DOCTOR. SWEATY,
737 Market street, San Francisco, Cal.,
, • Opposite Kxamioer Office.
- ■ • ■ ■ •'■' ■ ■ ■-• ■' ■ ' «,/•'■'-.-..■• M ■
" Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. - Secure Con»
plete digestion and absorption ot the food, cam j
« healthy action of the Li vet and render liio ifc>W«4«
BMural la ineir o;>ertu ou without £rijnu4GROSS FRAUDS
IN THE SEVENTH
Attempt of Bowers' Ene
mies to Beat Him in
the Count.
• . Telltale Letter From a Demo
crat Falls Into Repub
lican Hands.
"MEXICAN VOTE CAN BE FIXED."
The Missive Unfolds a Scheme to
G.ve Picacho Precinct to fne
Fuiionists.
•.■'■• ■
SAN DIEGO, Cat,., Nov. B.—Hon. W.W.
Bowers returned this evening from Santa
Ana, where be participated in the jolliii
• cation last night. He was asked if there
" was any change in his fight in the Seventh
District.
."Ye?, there is some little change," re
plied Mr. Bowers, "and the worst of it is
.the change is for the bad. I am still
§ ahead, but my plurality is reduced. From
4^rpturns 1 have received to-day I find that
1 have lost 45 votes in Madera County
and a recounting shows that 1 have about
100 plurality now, that i?, counting my
figures as correct. Unless I have been
deceived by telegrams from my friends in
the northern part of the district, 1 am still
ahead and will come out all right in the
official count. . I admit that the figures
are now so close that it is impossible to
say. with certainty whether Mr. Castle or
mvseif is elected. An official count is the
oniy thing that can decide the matter.
I have every reason for believing, how
ever, that I will serve in the next Con
gress."
As an example of the frauds that have
been committed in the rural districts of
this county, if not throughout.the entire
district, attention has been called to
Picacho District, which is a small precinct
on the Colorado River in this county, so
" remote that it is practically inaccessible.
A letter was written by a prominent
. Democrat there to a Democrat now tilling
.1 county office, referring unmistakably to
the manner in which the frauds would be
carried out. Colonel D. Allen, who
seems to be the only stalwart Republican
at -I'ieachc, was watching things too close
ly, and the Democrat in his letter wrote:
"I will send you the name of a Demo
crat and also a Silver Republican. You
can put them on the election board and
. thus we can checkmate D. K. Allen. The
Mexican vote, of course, can be fixed.''
ByafatMl error this letter, instead of
beinc addressed to the Democratic office
holder, was inclosed in a printed envelope
addressed to a Republican. He has it
still, and has given certified copies to
several candidates, who may find use for
Ihem later on. In consequence of the
frauds at Picaclio. McKinley received two
votes and Bryan fourteen. Bowers two and
Cattle fifteen, and the fusion candidate.for
the Assembly, K. Dryder., received fifteen
mor<> votes than Cox, Republican. ~ The
district at the former. election cast an
almost solid Republican vote. Though
Mr. Bowers is silent on this point, it is
■ openly predicted by bis intimate friends
that if Castle receives a plurality in the
official count. Bowers will contest the
election in Congress, where he will be
sure to receive a hearing and an investiga
tion into the frauds.
« .
f-
••
MOXTEItEY DEMOCRAT'S PLIGHT
Tlruan'* D'fcitt Cause* Him to Give a
Republican a Wheelbarrow Ride.
MONTEREY, Cat.., Nov. The people
on Alvarado street this afternoon were
very mach amused at seeing a small pro
cession coming down the street headed by
a local drum corps, as the result of an
election bet. The waper was between City
Treasurer Gunzendorfer, Republican, and
Night Watchman William Kilpatrick,
fus'onist. The conditions were that the
loser should wheel the winner in a wheel
barrow from the plaza at one end of Alva
raao street to the custom-house at the
other end and back to the starting point.
A proviso in the agreement was that if the
loser should at any time daring the march
desire to quench his thirst the ore in the
barrow would pay for it.
According to agreement, Kilpatrick was
on hand and ready at 4 o'clock to make
the start. Dr. WestfalJ, one of the prom
inent physicians of Mont marched
just in front of the wheelbarrow with a
large paper rooster in one hand, bearing
the inscription "1G to I—Nit," and his
case of surgical instruments in the other
hand. Kilpatrick was thirsty at each of
the fourteen refreshment places on Alva
rado street while both
marching ways.
lf'A&HlM<}2O\>S A #i.V ATORSnip.
Numerous Cnndtdateii Wmmt fusion
• T,*gi»ltrtive Support.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. B—The next
Legislature of the State of Washington
will comprise eighty-lour fusionists to
twenty-eight Republic-ins, a condition
which has already developed much in the
way of new Senatorial timber ana at the
same time disposed— temporarily at least
—of whatever ambition Governor John H.
McGraw and Andrew P. iJurleigh may
have had !to occupy a seat in the upper
house, of the National Congress. While
the Populists have enough members to
■elect one of their political faith, yet by
the, terms of the Ellensburg agreement
they are absolved from party ties and may
with consistency vote, for a Democrat or a
Free Silver Republican for United States
Senator. At this time the avowed candi
dates for SenatorshiD are Hon. Watson C.
Squire,' Free Silver Republican, and Judga
chard Winsor, Populist, both of Seattle;
Judee George Turnpr of Spokane,: Free
Silver Republican; Horatio N. Belt, Popu
list Mayor of Spokane; Charles F. Fish
back of Seattle, Free Silver Republican,
nnd ex-Governor Miles C. Moore of Walla
Walla, Free Silver Republican.
Santa Cruz Welcome* SllcTjaughUu.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., Nov. B.— Major
Frank McLauchlin arrived here this
morning and received quite an ovation
from a crowd of Santa Cruz admirers at
the depot, among whom were the welcome
committee from the McKinley-Hobart
Club and the Kepuolican Club of this city.
A reception will be tendered the chair
man of the Republican . State Central
Committee at the Palm Theater Monday
• evening and will take the form of a mon
ster ratification meetii%, with W. H.
famb as chairman, supported on the
by the McKinley-Hobart and the
'ci üblican clubs, 400 strong.
*rttiia's Republican /-ore Fealt.
SELMA, CaL, Nov. B.— A Republican
. ratification meeting was held here last
night. Not a hall m town was large
enough to accommodate the crowd that
wanted to join in the jubiiatlon. The
speakers incuded local Republicans, Dem
ocrats and Populists, who also joined the
procession, evincing; a disposition to make
it unanimous. The •wildest enthusiasm
prevailed and the love feast continued
until the first hour of to-day was en
croached upon.
7o* Gat on Will Crlebratf.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. B.— The Repub
licans of Los Gato3 will celebrate McKin
ley's election by a ratiheation meeting
to-morrow evening. There will b^ a pa
rade of the McKinley League, McKinley
Boys and the citizens of Los Gatos and
vicinity, followed by speech-making. K.
F. Robertson has been appointed grand
marshal.
SAN DIEGO TRAGEDY
Suicide of a San J-ranctscan While 31en
taltit Unbalanced.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 8. — John
Swetcher, about 30 years old, arrived on
the steamship Santa Rosa Saturday night,
and an hour or two later was arrested by
the police and placed in jail, charged with
drunkenness. His actions indicated in
saniiy, and he was put into a padded cell,
where he raved all night. This morning
at 0 o'clock Swetche^ras found dead on a
pallet, liavmjr sindtnered himself with a
blanket. He was well dre.«?ed, and had
$28 in his pocket*. The only lhing learned
lrom him by the officers was that he iiad
been in the liquor business in San Fran
cisco.
Jtaelc Front the Yukon.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., Nov. B.—
The steamship Al-Ki to-day brought the
last crowd of Yukon miners who are to
come out this season. The party num
bered 210, most of whom were disap
pointed over the results ol' the season's
work. Of the entire party only two pos
sessed any moans, they huving twenty-live
pounds of dust each. The party included
four practical miners of this city, who are
of the opinion '.hat the Yukon country's
richness is greatly exaggerated iv reports
sent out.
J>lat-Jtnislntj at Laurel.
SANTA CRUZ. Cai., Nov. B.— Laurel
schoolhouse was yesterday tbe scene of a
patriotic ceremony. Professor A. B.
Coffey of the Overland Monthly, Professor
Linscott, superintendent of the school.
Professor 1). C. Clark of Santa Cruz and
fifty pupiis of the high school assisted in
the musical and literary exercises and the
raising of the new l!ag over the school
house. The address of Professor Coffey
was loudly applauded and a suitable re
sponse was made by Miss Anna liein, who
is in charge of the school.
Santa Jtarbara Affray.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Nov. B.—
Peter Foxen entered the barber-shop of A.
Nicolossi this morning and demanded to
be shaved. A row followed and Nicolossi
stubbsd Foxen about four inches below
the heart with a pair of shears, the prongs
extending outward, making a double
wound. The wounded man was taken to
Ruiz's drugstore where he was attended by
a physician, who pronounced the wound
serious and possibly fatal. Nicolossi is in
jail.
Called to a San Jose Tulpit.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., Nov. B.— Rev. C. R.
Lamar, 8.D., of Galveston, Tex., has suc
ceeded Rev. Mr. Weems as pastor of the
Methodist Episcopal Church South. He
preached his iirst sermon this morning.
Rev. Mr. Weems has been transferred to a
charge in Arizona.
DE YOUNG AND HIS KNIFE
Vanquished Republicans Begin
to Locate the
Blam?.
Kelly. Mahcney Wing Shows No Signs
of R'ja cinq Over the
Victory.
Amid the general rejoicing over the
election of McKinley and Ilobart to the
presidency and vice-presidency of the
United States it has been noticeable in
this City, and never more so than yester
i day, tbat the Kellyoiahoney faction of
the Republican party has "stood mute,"
i as lawyers say, refusing to raise a voice of
j glad acclaim amid the general rejoicing.
It was noticed and has been tally com
; mented on by Republicans who are true to
i the party, that there was nothing astir at
the headquarters on Saturday night.
While others rejoiced, the spurious Re
publicans sulked even worse than the van
quished Bryanites, nor was there a bugle
blast nor a red light to signify that the
leaders of the counterfeit party had a sin
gle hope or cause for rejoicing in the gen
eral result.
The Republicans who were defeated by
tbe treachery of the Chronicle are grow
ing angry and ::iaking more threats of re
venge every day. They attribute their
defeat to the double dealing of De Young
and his organ, and the accusation is fully
made that Le knifed the ticket out of
spite. The failure of the local ticket is
almost universally attributed to him, and
his newspaper comes in for censure by all
who know tbe situation.
RACING AGAIN TO-DAY.
TVell-Fllled Card of Runnine Events
Eookeil for Incleside.
The racing at Ingleside will be con
tinued this afternoon, and it looks very
much as though horses that like the
muddy going would be very apt to get the
coin. The different events are well filled,
| and some lively speculating should ensue.
) The card is as follows:
First race for two-year-olds; five furlongs;
•' selling— (,'2s) M'-rcutio 105, Reel!)!), f4s)Philiii>
II !)'J, Steu.or 108, P.ufalbi 107, (45) Influm
mator9s, (OH) George I'aliner 94.
Seco- d race, six furlongs; spiling— (G7) Per-
I haps 108, (35) Duke Stevens 107, (57) Gold Bug
! 107, Kutnledg*- i)f), San Marco lu-J, I'ollock 9!),
j Artist 107, (48)Urnw S-ot 104. (43) Candor
104, ((>2) letrarth 10S, (52) Ga.mnt 104.
Tnird race, flvo and v half furlongs — (57)
! Alvarado ll'J, Salvflble 115, (08) Circe 117
| 148) Tonino 112. (10) Mount Roy 117.
Fourth race, seven furlongs, purse— (47) Wn-
I wona 101, (55) I tu j .. Miss Urummel 107.(33)
! Strathol 110, (44) Long Lady 102, (48) Midio
i 90, (26) Meadow Lark 107.
Fifth nice, nix furlones, selling— (s9) Ten
acity 108, (02) Alvcro 90. (57) Strathrneath
115, (4S) Ciliente 105, 40 Li Kle'-ha 102 48
Heartsease 99, 08 Doubtful !).), '2C> Fnvory 107,
57 Walter J 111, 40 Eoeino 105, 54 Miss Onn
niuehrtin 99, 40 Jrma 104, 04 Monterey 100
Sixth race, rive furlongs, foiling, two-venr
olds-53 D. J. Tobin 92. 45 Geys?r 99 ' (29)
Sepoy 100, .'fl Suirar Foot 92. 50 (..andczia !>!>'
50 Alma 103, 50 Jeralderie 104, 50 Scotch
Hose 97.
How " Uncle Sam" Got Ilia Name.
The nickname, "Uncle Sam," as applied
totheUn'ted States Government, is said
to have originated as follows: Samuel Wil
son, commonly called "Uncle Sam," was
a Government inspector of beef and pork
at Troy, N. V., about 1812. A contractor,
Elbert Anderson, purchased a quantity of
provisions, and the barrels were marked
"E. A.," Andc-rson'.s initials, and "U. S."
for United States. The latter initials were
not familiar to Wilson's workmen, who
inquired what they meant. A facetious
feliow answered: 'I don't know, unless
they mean 'Uncle Sam.' " A vast amount
of property aiterward passed through Wil
son's hands marked in the same manner,
and he was often joked upon the extent
of his possessions. The joke spread
through all the departments of the Gov
ernment, and before lone the United States
was popularly referred to as "Uncle
Sam." —Ladies' Kome Journal.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take Ujatire BromoQuinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money nil falls to cure. 25c*
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
MAN-HUNTING
IN MENDOCINO
Pursuers Closing in Upon
Rancher Mudgett's
Slayers.
Sight Two of the Fugitives at
a Point Near Island
Mountain.
NEWS OF A BATTLE IXPECTED
Men of Usal Will Atttmpt a Lynch
ing if the Officers Effect
a Capture.
CAHTO. Cal., Nov. B.— A messenger
who arrived at Fsal 10-night lrom the
vicinity of Island Mountain reports hav
ing met the Sheriff's posse about 3 o'clock
to-day at a point close to the Trinity
County line and about forty miles north
from Usal. The officers were confident
they were on the right trail of the assas
sins of Rancher Mudgett, and would over
take them before dark. The Sheriff's
party had gotten near enough to the flee- |
JOHN H. MUDGETT, the Wealthy Rancher of Usal, Whose
Assassins Are Now Leading a Sheriff's Posse a Lively Chase*
l ng criminals at one time to-day to see
two of them pass over a high elevation of
land just north of Island Mountain. The
murderers, discovering the pursuers,
quickly left the trail and disappeared in
the timber. The horses of the Sheriff's
men appeared fresh and capable of doing
many hours of service beibre aark.
Under Sheriff Handy and posse show
no fear in snch close pursuit, keoping up
rapid riding and plunging into canyon
trails where there is great danger of being
ambushed. The country about Island
Mountain is rough and heavily timbered
and dark jungles are numerous. The
long, damp grasses that almost obliterate
the trails make pursuit slow by day and
impossible at night.
The excitement in this region shows no
abatement, and threats of lynching made
by friends of the dead man arc not idle
and grow more alarming. Cooler heads
do not approve of such swift vengeance
being meted out and have conveyed their
fears to the posse 1 that in the event of a
Capture it can take the prisoners by some
unfrequented traii to Ukiah.
Fears are entertained that the officers
will be ambushed. These forebodings nre
based upon the known treachery of the
two half-breed Ind'ans, Noble and Dodge.
Noble, in particular, has the sneak in
stincts of a full-blooded Indian. He has
but one eye, has remarkable ability as a
marksman, and frequently exhibited his
skill about town by tos3ing up a quart can j
into the air and, with a revolver in each !
hand, keeping the can dancing in midair
until the chambers of the guns became j
empty. Should the officers corner this j
man he wil' shoot and will not waste am
munition.
Last night a heavy rain and wind storm
set in, making trail travel more difficult
and delaying the return of the messencers
senttotho scene. A volunteer party of
five men, friends of Mudgett, left early
this afternoon to join the pursuing party, |
and witli this additional reinforcement |
the escape of the accused men seems
doubtful.
CHASING AGILE HARES
A Big Meeting to Be Held at
Ocean View Park Next
Sunday.
Result of Yesterday's Running at
Ingleside— Blackette Took
First Honors.
No finer weather for conrsing than that
of yesterday could be imagined, and as a
consequence, the hares ran well.
The temporary closing of Ocean View
park, made necessary because of the ma
licious action of some person in cutting
the fences and allowing the hares to es
cape, turned the coursing public to Ingle
side, and a big crowd at that place was the
conseqnence.
Blackette, P. C. Curtis' fast and clever
bitch, showed her quality by defeating the
best dogs in the State and getting away
with ths first prize.
Following is the result of the rundown
in the all-aged stake:
Portal &. Hafcirerty's Eldrirtge beat D
Chillsus' Happy Day, Dillon A Reilly's ] ady
Fitzgerald beat J. J. I,arKey'3 Spinaway, J
Quane's Captain Morse beat A. Moore's Moa
itor, H. Spring's Sir Walter beat D. J. Henley's
Wave. J. J. Larkey's Lead On beat Alameda
Kennel's Venture, Crftßln & McDonald's Re
liance beat "M. Loftus' <iripman, E. Geary's
Kectric beat I. C. Curils' Cleverness, If. Ker
rigan's St. Lawrence beat D. Shannon's Swin
nerton, Cronin &. McDonald's Lissac-k bp«t
Richmond Kitinel's Cucta Sum, P. Reilly's Wee
Nell beat M. Traynor's Valley Maid, P. Gor
man's Kingston beat A. Merrill's Tommy Hal!,
D. J. llcaley's Vida Shnw beat J. R. Dlekaon'i
Mimosa, J. T. Grace's Lass o' Uowrie beat J.
Kii-iion's Gaslight, T. Hay's Fullermore beat
E. Wilsou's Sunnyside Maid, C. Evans' Dash
nunv beat W. Kay's Ecll)>se, P. C. Curtis'
Buiekette beat A. Merrill's Faster and Faster.
First ties— Eldridge beat Lady Fitzgerald,
Captain Morse beat Sir Walter. Reliance beat
Lead On, Bt Lawrence beat Electric, Lissak
beat Wee Nell, Kingston beat Viaa Shaw, Ful
lermore beat Lass o' Govvrie, lliackette beat
Dasiiaway.
Second ties— Captain Morse beat Eldridge,
St. Lawrence beat Reliance, Kingston beat
Lissuk, Blackette beat Fullermore.
Third ties- St. Lawrence beat Captain Morse,
Blackette bent Kiugston.
F::ial— Blackette beat St. Lawrence.
The puppy stake was not run out, W.
Pittman's Lady Gresel, J. J. McDonald's
Cinderella and Portal & Haggerty's At
Last being left in and dividing the "money
equally.
A laree consignment of hares having
been received at Ocean View park that
resort will be the scene of a big meeting
on Sunday next, when a thirty-two-dog
stake, containing some of the best dogs iv
the City, will be run.
During tbe week more improvements
have been made on the park, and with
good weather a large crowd will, no doubt,
turn out.
Flynn, who made such a favorable im
pression on opening day that not a single
decision was questioned, will be in the sad
<lie, ard W. Trode will handle the slips.
Entrance will be $L, with $30 and an ac
ceptable prize added, 3nd tbe drawing will
take place on Fridaj' evening next at
Delta Hall, 1019 Market street.
BUTTED HIS HEAD.
Dr. Charlos E. l'oynter, While Tempo
rarily ImUßfi <"i»u«o« Kxciteiueut
in the City Prison.
Dr. Charles E. Poynter was arrested
Thursday night on a charge of malicious
-1 mischief. He broke a window in the Ex
-1 aminer business office. His friends say
I he is afflicted with peculiar spells. About
4 o'clock yesterday morning one of the
trusties in the City Prison saw him at
tempting to beat oht his brains against
I the iron bars of the eel!. It took the com-
I bined strength of five men to strap him to
I a b»d in tbe c«»II.
: Last night Poynter had recovered from
I his attack and was released on bonds.
1 He came here from Massachusetts about
I two weeks ago with bis wife and two
children.
HINAICHS -BEEL "POP"
Strains Frcm the Masters Well
Received acd Appre
ciated.
An Artistic Ev.'nt Well Worth a
Journey Through the Rain
to Erj)y.
Perbarjs Mr. Hinrichs. contented him
self, upon viewing the scantily filled house
last night at the Baldwin, as his illustrious
compatriot, "Papa Haydn," is said to
have done on a similar occasion, with a
"Oh, never mind, de music will sound de
! better! ' Be that as it may, the Hinrichs
j lieel 'Top" last night was,' taken as a
I whole, a musical treat, and thoroughly
| enjoyed by the "small but appreciative
audience."
The programme opened with the "Coro
nation March" from the Folkun<»er by
| Kreischman, after which Wagner's soul
stirring strains, as heard in the "Tann
hauser Overture," evoked hearty applause.
It was h andled . in * a vigorous manner,
which, however, did not prevent an artistic
i climax. .
The air from Bach's "Suite in D" was
played with a good deal of uncertainly —
some of the strings being a half measure
I or so behind the others — but a second ren
; dition fully compensated for this and the
audience manifested its approval by
| heartily applauding. Bizet's "Arlesienne
I Suite" was performed, the adagio being
! rendered. willi exceeding refinement and
delicacy. ■■...' , ; •*•"' . ■■ . -'
. Willis Bachellor was in good voice and
j did sonic good work in the exacting tenor
solo ; from the ' first act tof Leo Delibes'
"Lakme," although, the orchestra was
rather too much in evidence arid almost
drowned his heroic efforts in some pass
age?. .
The duet with Mrs. Priest-Fine, how
ever, was dramatically rendered, but the
gem was found in the "Bell Song., for so
prano, which showed off the exceptional
flexibility of Mrs. Fine's voice. ; It is not
an • easy thing to attack an altitudtnous
note with the v "haif voice," but this she
accomplished with ease and without vary
ing v shade from the key.'?*
TaKen altogether the Hinrichs-Beel con
cert was well worth a journey in the rain.
■.._ __:—: — »' ♦ » ' " — -'.■
A French } railway has , hit upon a new
source of revenue.' : In future people who
accompany their friends to any of the sta
tions on that line to see them off will only
be admitted on the platform on payment
of a fee of one penny."" As v this railway is
th« largest in France, a considerable yearly
sum is expected to be i derived from this
source. \ r/ - -,;
In New Soutli Wales the annual death
is less than half that in Sp&in, Austria
and Hungary, and far below that in the
United Kingdom, France, Italy, Germany,
Belgium, Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
The average of all these countries is 23.15
per 1000. In New South Wales it is 14.16.
SHOOTING MELEE
AT MONTEREY
An Eastern Tourist Wounds
a Gambling House
Bartender.
Mexican Friends of His Victim
Pummel the Stranger
Unmercifully.
QUARREL IN A KENO HALL.
The Revolver-Wielder Is Accused of
Neglecting to Pay fcr Sundry
Drinks.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., NO7. B.— John
Smith, a bartender in the Seal Rock, a
faro den in old Monterey that has been
the scene of many a bloody affray, was
shot and dangerously wounded last night
by Harry T. Force, an Eastern tourist.
Force was in turn pounced upon by Mexi
can friends of the bartender, who gave
him an unmerciful beating.
After the McKinley parade last night
Force and two friends, also from the East,
walked up Alvarado street, around the
old plaza and into the oldest portion of
Monterey. They were attracted while
passing tbe Seal Rock by the rattle of the
keno box inside. They entered the place
and after watching the game for a while
they began to play themselves. They won
several kenos during their stay and, ac
cording to the rules of the house, treated
on each'of these winnings.
Their luck and bad whisky did not seem
to agree. Force became boisterous and on
one occasion failed to treat and on another
did not settio for the treat. The barkeeper
protested and informed Force that he
would have to settle for his drinks or quit
the game. The Easterner would not stop
playing and claimed he had already paid.
One word brought on another until the
stranger followed Bartender Smith into
the front room and said that if Smith
would come outside he would settle with
him. Smith came from behind the bar
and was about to follow Force outside,
when the latter drew a revolver and shot
at him, the buliet taking eftect in the arm
and terribly lacerating it.
Smith jumped for his antagonist and
Force tried to shoot again at close quar
ters. The first shot had attracted the at
tention of Smith's Mexican friends and
they rushed to the rescue. Force's two
friends fled to the St. Charles Hotel, about
a block away, but he could not get away.
He received an unmerciful beating at
the bands of the bartender's friends.
Policeman Kilpatrick appeared on the
scene and Force was taken to jail and
Smith to the nearest hotel, where medical
aid was summoned.
Force, together with his mother and
two friends, reside in New Jersey. They
have been in California for about six
months, making a tour of the PttUe. They
came to Monterey from Tassajtira Springs
about a week ago and were stopping at
the St. Chailes Hotel. They are on their
way home and intended leaving here to
day.
REED WINDOW DEDICATED
Ihe Memory of Sittrr Helen Elizabeth
PACIFIC GROVE, Cau, Nov. B.— Right
Rev. W. P. Nichols, D. D., Bishop of Cali
fornia, to-day delivered the dedicatory
sermon for the Reed memorial window at
the Episcopal Church of St. Mary's-bythe-
Bea. The service of blessing and dedica
tion, performed by Bishop Nichols, was
impressive. Rev. Mr. Fackenthall, the
rector, read tbe morning service, after
which the Bishop gave a scholarly dis
course from the text " The garment of
praise for the spirit of heaviness."
In the course of the nermon he spoke of
the lite and work of Miss Reed, to whose
memory the window is dedicated. He told
of how much of the present prosperity
of trie church at Pacific Grove was due to
her; of her being ordained deaconess
with the name of Sister Holen Elizabeth,
and of how her increasing labors among
the poor and sick in the slums of San
Francisco broke her health and brought
her useful life to an untimely end.
The window, placed directly over the
altar, is a representation of the annuncia
tion of the angel to ihe Virgin Mary, and
is both beautiful and costly.
UNWRITTEN HISTORY.
Sheridan's Hide and the Whisky That
• John AVilkes ltooth Drank.
"The maddest man I ev,»r savr," said
Marshall Philips, "was General Sheridan
a minute or so after he had been informed
that some ono had sold a horseshoe, get
ting a high price for it, on the ground that
it was one of the shoes worn by Sheridan's
horse, Winchester, on his famous ride in
the Shenandoah Valley. The general
fairly boiled. 'In the lirst place.' paid
General Sheridan, 'my twenty-mile ride
never took place, for the distance was but
fifteen miles. The writer of those verses
was a better poet than topographer, and
we might excuse him for that. Next, I
never bad any horse by that exact name,
and if 1 had, myself or none of those
around me would nave thought of secur
ing his shoes and holding them for a rise.'
"I did my best to quiet him, and only
succeeded in doing so by telling him the
relic whisky story, which used to ba told
of the barkeeper of the little place on
Tenth street, adjoining Ford's Theater,
the place where John Wilkes Booth got a
drink just before he assassinated Presi
dent Lincoln. The place was run as a
barroom for several years after the Gov
ernment took possession of the theater
property. Visitors to the city always
took in the barroom as one of the sights,
and some of them took in the liquor sold
there. The barkeeper had a way. after
telling the story or the assassination, of
pointing to a small demijohn and saying:
'Booth asked me to hand him this demi
john, and he poured out a heavy drink
and swallowed it down in one gulp. There
is a little of the same identical whisky in
it yet.'
"Frequently some of those w"ho took in
the story would go further and ask for a
taste of the whisky. This wish was al
ways graiified for the price. One day a
Maine man had a taste of it. For this he
was charged 25 cents. The taste was,
however, a good-sized drink, of the Maine
regulation size, too. After putting down
his class he remarked :
'"And so that was the whisky that
Booth drank just before he killed Lin
coln, was it? Well, sir, until thi* time I
have always blamed Booth, but that
whisky, sir, would make a man kill his
own mother!" —^Yashington Star.
* — »—•» — • ■
PIRST BUILDEE OF THE VATICAN
The Vast Structure Js Mainly Due to
Pope Nicholas V.
The present existence of this palace is
principally due to Nicholas V, the builder
Pope, whose gigantic scheme would startle
a modern architect. Ri3 P i an was to build
ihe church of St. Peter's as a starting
point, and then to construct one vast cen
tral "habitant" for the pupal administra
tion, covering the whole of what is caiied
the Borgo, from the castle of Sant' An
gelo to tbe cathedral. In ancient times
a portico, or covered way supported
on columns, led frpm the bridge to
tbe church, anil it was probably from this
real structure that Nicholas began lm im
aginary one, only a nnall part of which
was ever completed. That small portion
alone comprises the basilica and the Vati
can Palace, which together form by far
the greatest contiuous mass of buildings
in the world. Ths Colosseum i 3 195 yards
long by 15(5 broad, including ths thickness
of the walls. St. Peter's Church alone is
203 yards long and IM broad, so that tbe
whole Coios^etini would easily stand upon
the ground-plan of the church, while the
Vatican Palaca is more than half as large
again.
Nicholas V died in 1455, and the oldest
parts of the present Vatican Palace are
not older than his reign. They are gen
erally known as the Torre Borgia. from
having been inhabited by Alexander VI,
who died of poison in the third of the
rooms now occupied by the library, count
ing from the library side. The windows
of these rooms look upon the large sauare
court of the Eelvedere, and that part of
the palace is not visible from without.
Portions ot the substructure of the
earlier building were no doubt utilized by
Nicholas, and the secret gailery which
connects the Vatican with the mausoleum
of fiadrihn is generally attributed 10 Pope
John XXIII, who died in 1417; but on
the whole it may be said tbat the Vatican
Palace is originally a building of tbe
period of tlie Renaissance, to which ail
successive popes have made additions. —
F. Marion Crawford in the August Cen
tury.
WHAT SOCIETY IS DOING.
Nuptials of Miss Audiffred and
J. W. Dowdell in Oak
land.
Wednesday Night Cotillon Class
Meets— New Jerusalem Church
Entertainment.
Last Saturday evening St. Francis de Sales
Church, <;rove and Hobart streets, OnKlanu,
v>as the scene of the wedding of Miss Kugenie
M. Auditrred of Oakland and J. W. Dowdell of
San Francisco.
Promptly at 8 o'clock the Strains of Men
delssohn's wedding march announced the
arrival of the bridal party. They were met at
the door by the ushers, Mr. Keefe and Mr.
Grahnin, who led the way to the altar.
Tbe bride was attended by her father and
little niece, Helen Audiffreil. Preceding the
bride came the maid of honor, Miss Leontine
Audiffred, and the two bridesmaids, Mis 3
Erne lie Andiffred and Miss Florence Marion.
The party was met at the altar by the groom
and his best man, T. Brady. ...'»,' /.
The bride was handsomely attired in white
satin duchess, trimmed with duchess lace.
The veil worn by the bride was the same worn
by her mother on her wedding day. The
maid of honor and bridesmaids were neatly
attired In white organdie over white taffeta
silk, while the little flower girl was Charm
ingly dressed in jink organdie.
After the ceremony, which was performed
by the Key. Thomas McSweoney, the bridal
party was driven to the home of the bride's
parents, 570 Twenty-fourth street, where the
wedding reception was held. Upon their re
turn from Monterey Mr. and Mrs. Dowdell
will reside in San Francisco.
• The first cotillon of the Wednesday Nights
was given at Lunt's Hall on Wednesday even
ing last. Three original figures of the german
were danced, led by Wilfred G- Yanke and Miss
Mabel] e McFaddeu. Those in the lending set
were: Will Stevens and Miss Emma Fortmaun*
■ Lester Wells and Miss Edythe Marion, W. K.
j Brodersen and Miss Lizette Popp, Richard C.
| Yanke nnd Miss Marie Wilson, Edwin A. Chris
tenson and Mis? r Emmie Prosek; San ford G.
Lewald and Miss Maud Unas and .'Albert 11.
Aniz ii nd Miss Meta Woiters. ...v • '■ ■ \ .
. The Young People's League of the New Jeru
salem. Church . (Swedenborgian), ■ O'Farrell
street, near Webster, gave a. very successful
entertainment in the church parlors on Friday
evening. . - •
The audience crowded the rooms to the
doors and received the following programme
with due appreciation: ' • •*
Selection. Furher Orchestra; recitation. Miss
Frances Buckland; mandolin solo, : Dr. Root;
vocal solo, Hurry Lawrence; recitation, "Dr.
Thomas L. Hill; selection, Furher Orchestra;
"Aunt'Jerusha's Album," Aunt Jerusha, Miss
Estelle Carpenter. .- : . '■■ . •_-.••
The entertainment was given for the benefit
of the church, and was as great a . success
financially as it was socially. The entertain
ment committee was composed as follows:
Mr. and Mrs. Walter V. Dougherty, Miss Edith
Carpenter. - • . ■ -. -rT"".
A very successful entertainment and dance
was held at Thomas «fe Levian's Dancing
Academy. Teutonia Hall, .'on Wednesday,
November 4. A laughable sketch, entitled "A
Double Care," was rendered.' After the en
tertainment a prize waltz was danced. Fif
teen couples competed" for the gold medals,
which were won by Henry Hcidtman and Miss
Alma Reiraer.". •.. -. ■■'■ :-+;.-'--.-.-j: -+ ; .-'- -.-.-j :/• ■' *-•
In the cast of the commedTetta were: 1 Harry
R. Levian, Frank ■J. Hancock, Miss Frank"
Bailey, Miss Gertrude 'Dobson, Miss Florence
Bailey, Miss Anna Dobson. . . ' :. • .
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks have Issued invita
tions . for the marriage'^ of their daughter,
Frances J. G., to Joseph Enrieht. The cere
mony will take place at St. Mary's Cathedral
on toe 18th of this month at 11 a."?:.
The wedding of Miss Mac Korts and Fred W.
Bert Jr. will occur this month. •, $
The Winter Cotilion Club will hold Its open
ing assembly and german Friday evening, De
cember 11. Several charming debutantes will
make their bow to society at this meeting.
Beethoven Hall will bo the headquarters of
the club this season. - ' - . ■ •:.. ;
The "Golden Gales'' of California nail will
give a private masquerade on Saturday even
ing, November 1!1, at the Eintmcht Hal!, on
Twelfth street. . * -. •
Mrs. John Drury Tallant welcomed the Co
lonial Dames'- at ncr home, li'Jll Wastiington'
street, on Tuesday, November 3. 'There. were
present Mrs. S<sl4en S. Wright, chairman; Mr?.
John Drury Tallant, Miss A. A. ii. Wrleht,
Mrs. P. M. Van Wrek. Mrs. S W. Holiday. Mr*.
Joseph L. Moody, Mr.--, Henry Gibbons, Mrs.
J. H. Maddux, Mr*. C. Elwood Brown. Mrs.
Hervey Darnealof Alameda. , Communications
from several sister societies ill the Colonial
States were commented up<r:i. The historian
read interesting articles on' the famous char
ter oak of Hartford, the de?icn used as their
crest by the Dames of Connecticut, and on the
Peter Stuyvesant pear ■«■<>[ New York." After
a. dainty collation the society adjourned.
On next Friday evening, November 13, the
Students'.Club. California School of Elocution
and Oratory, will give an entertainment in the
new Y. M." A. building. vAn excellent pro
gramme has been prepared for th« occasion
■uiiilmuoiig the members in a monologue by
Miss R. Frances Lute, specially. written for her
and which shi» will recite tor the first time.
Admission will be by Invitation.' ■■_»•■ :."
A delightful luiicheoti party was given to
Mrs. S. K. Carrington on Friday, November IK
at the homo of Mrs. J. 11. Baker, 2l9 Chatta
nooga street. - : . • ,«
Mrs. Carrington,' with her son, Dr. Paul Car
rington, will leave this City on Thursday next,'
to return to her husband/Rev. John Carring
ton, a missionary stationed at Bangkok, Siam. :
Those present were Mrs. Carriijgton, Mrs.
M. Anthony. Mrs. William Morrison, Mrs. Hell."
man, Miss Jessie Bellman, Mrs. M. F. Gale, Miss
Cheek and Miss E'.sie McD >nald. ....'* , ,
A surprise party was tendered Miss Birdie
Lehmiiu ia the residence of Mrs. Watson 8
Lexington avenue, Saturday evening. James
•White and C. Atw&ter contributed to the pleas
ure ol the ;,'uvst>! by singing, and Miss Annie
Corrigan and Miss Lehman rendered several
pretty selections on mandolins. Those prey
entwere: Mrs. Watson, Miss Annie Corneas
Miss Agnes Comgan, Miss Etta Martin, MUs
Jentiette Halveson, Miss Joule Shay, Miss Klttv
Shay, Miss Ann Garvin, Miss Emma Garvin'
Mi<s Nellie Walsh, Miss Alice Walsu, Miss
Alice Collonan, J). Hart. C. F. Corrigan H.
Murphy, M, Collonan, A. Elberg, S Elbenr
Arlher Onn, James Wiiue, Louis Young j'
Young, Walter Fisher, C. Atwarer, H. Doiiie
niconi, Will Harding, E. F. Winfleld, and
W. S. Campbell.
The close of the last century seems to
have been very prolific in wrecks. The
British frigate De Brook, lost in a storm
off the capes of the Delaware in 1798, is
stated to have had on board no less than
£10.400,000 worth of specie and jewels,
taken from an intercepted Spanish ship
while on her voyage to .Halifax, and with
it were also taken 200 prisoners. The lat
ter were in irons on the lower decks when
the vessel foundered, and all were lost. In
1881 search was actively prosecuted by a
divine company for the purpose of recov
ering this specie, but the result waa not
made public.
BEACHED OFF
BLACK POINT
The Bark Canada Ashore
and Stuck Fast in
the Mud.
She Tried to Sail Up the Bay
While in a Disabled
Condition.
THE RESULT OF A COLLISION.
Che Anchor Was Gone and the Other
Cams Adrift as She Attempted
to Drop It.
The American bark Canada, sixteen
days from Union City, is on the beach
off Black Point. She is resting on a muddy
bed and it is thought she can be pulled
into deep water before any damage is
done.
The Canada arrived outside the heads
early Saturday morning and in order to
save expense her captain, C. Wicksberg,
refused a tow and anchored outside in
tending to sail into port yesterday after
noon.
Owing to a collision with the steamer
City of Pnebia off Otter Point, in the
Straits of Fuca, on the night of October
24 the vessel lost one anchor, her martin
gale was carried away, and the jibboom
was so badly damaged that she could carry
no head sail.
In ihis crippled condition the vessel
started into port. Everything went well,
and the vessel was about to anchor off
Black Point when an unfortunate acci
dent occurred. As the anchor was being
dropped the chain broke and the ship was
helpless.
Sho drifted toward the beach and al
though strenuous efforts were made by
the captain and crew to keep the bark in
deep water, she was beached by the strong
rddy and was soon fast in the mud.
Tugs were summoned by the Merchants'
Exchange to mill the Canada lrom her
unpleasant position, but the tide had re
ceded and she was held too fast.
The vessel is loaded with piles and is in
no danger, and owing to these facts the
tug men may wait until high tide to-day
before undertaking to pull her into deep
water again.
AN INTERESTING PLACE.
Conoarneau Is the Loading Seat of Sar
dine Fishing for All lirittany.
But the sardine-opolis of Brittany ig
Concarneau, which lies ten miles south of
Ro3porden Junction, on the Orleans line,
from Landerneau toQuimper.
It is one of the most interesting places
in the country. The old walled town i 3
completely surrounded by water at high
tide and communicates by a bridge with
the newer town built round the harbor.
This harbor when the boats are in is a
very beautiful sight. The sardine nets are
all hanging from the masts to dry in the
sun; they are so fine in texture tbat they
look like silken gauze. Some of them are
brown, others a delicate blue-gray, and as
they wave in the wind they give exquisite
masses and blendings of color.
Sardine fishing and all the processes of
preparing: and 'pteking the dainty little
rish form a big industry, which employs
many thousands of men and women, "it
is a line sight to see the fleei of boats go
out or come in when the tide is" up, bat
when Vfae tide is down there are certain
drawbacks to Concarneau.
French harbors at low tide possess pe
culiar rowers in the way of smells. In
deed, they are absolutely unrivaled in
this respect. A harbor smell is large and
powerful; single-handed it could put to
Might all the smell army of Cologne. It is
something you can almost see, and you
can certainly feel it. When you run* up
against it accidentally round a corner you
feel sad, and go away and buy French Ca
poral cigarettes to try to kill it. It's a
sort of smell that you* can hear trying to
climb up the wall under yoar bedroom
window at nJght. and you get out of bed
hastily and try to push it off witli a stick,
and you shut your window and use swear
words. But we musk console ourselves
with the reflection that sanitary science
and pictnresqucness of old walled towns
and harbors do not go much together.—
Westminster Gazette.
One of the oldet actual specitied diseases
would probably be smallpox, which, on
the authority of Masudi, attacked the
African'tribes who made incursions into
Arabia, and laid siege to Mecca in the lat
ter h If of th° sixth century A. D.
I DO YOU FEEL I
. Do you feel tired?, I
Do you feel languid ?
Do you feel melancholy ?
4 Do you feel nervous?
X Do you feel impaired ? ■- ■ :"'
; VvDo you feel weak ?
Do you feel -impotent?
Do you feel tremblings ?
Do you feel bad ? ' »
Do you feel wasted?
' Do you feel premature?  "
Do you feel day losses ? .
Do you feel night losses?
1 Do you feel lack of capacity ?Jf^J
Do you feel twitchings ?'> *^
DO YOU
; Wish to be perfectly restored to ths
full vigor and manly strength of your
true manhood ? If you do you should
take the remedy-treatment t
HUDYAN.
/* HUDYAN CURES.
IT IS SURE.
.'--'. '« IT IS LASTING. ;
'V * IT IS HARMLESS. .
J- ; <; IT IS best. ■ { ; ; -r ' . . ;
Good, reputable doctors of the old
• Hudson Medical Institute administer
Hudyan. You can only get Hudyan
from us. Call for the remedy-treat-
ment, write for Circulars and Testi-
monials. * ';'- ■■' >'■.'■
KIDNEYS If your Kidneys are
I KIDNEYS ' wasted, consult our ,
KIDNEYS doctors or write for •
'KIDNEYS . Kidney Book, free. i<s
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITLTE
■ .Stocttop/ Market and i-SU _.
34
A HEW CHARTER
ON NEW LINES
How the Municipal Reform
League Would Ad
vocate It.
Contend That All Power Should
Be Centralized in a Beard
of Supervisors.
NEED OF A NEW OEGANIC LAW
J. Munsell Chase Tells How a Pure
Municipal Government Can Be
Inaugurated,
Regardless of what may come out of the
present agitation looking toward the re
submission of tbe vexed cnart?r question
to tbe people, it is definitely settled that
the Municipal Reform League will oppose
the measure as it stands to-day. The or
ganization recognizes the almost absolute
need of a new organic law, but they pro
pose to reach this end along lines not
hitherto considered by the general masses.
At a meeting last Friday night of the
Municipal Reform League, the recent
campaign for and against the defeated
charter was discussed by the various
speakers present, among the number be
ing Rev. Dr. J. E. Scott, Dr. J. F. Wetzel,
A. D. d'Ancona, J. M. Reynolds, P. J.
Healy, T. Carl Spelling and J. Munsell
Chase. Resolutions were adopted con
gratulating the citizens of San Francisco
on the defeat of the proposed charter and
upon the adoption of the fourth and fifth
amendments to tbe State constitution,
whereby cities are enabled to secure more
simple and workable governments than
was possible under the constitution as it
formerly existed.
The Call was complimented on the
fairness it had disr layed during the cam
paign in opening its columns to both sides
of the controversy.
The need of a charter that should em
body all the best ideas of municipal or
ganization as worked cut in Eastern and
European cities was agreed upon by all
present, and the club decided to go ahead
with the work of securing a charter, the
fundamental principles of which shall be —
civil service and the concentration of
power in a large board of responsible Su
pervisors.
J. Munsell Chase, one of the acknowl
edged leaders in municipal reform, when
asked to outline the league's ideas and
also the easiest way to accomplish the end
desired, said:
"We have defeated four proposed char
ters in San Francisco, the first in IS3O and
the second in 1883. Four years later an
other charter was proposed, but it, too,
went under. Now comes this last, its de
feat being oi so recent occurrence as to
need no comment. An essential teature
of this continual failure has been the cen
tralization of power. This is particularly
true o:' tne last, two charters. San Fran-
Cis-co is in need of a new organic law.
'"The questions we now have to consider
are: What shall be its essential features,
and bow shall we go about it in order to
secure a charter satisfactory to all classes?
As to the last point, first, deliberation
should be the order of the day. The people
who are in favor of a new government
should get together and determine just
what they wish. I think eight months'
time would be none too short for the con
sideration of -neb a document, and I do
not think it would be expedient to try and
get a charter wuhin two years.
"Representatives should be called from
the Merchants' Association, Board of
Trade, Chamber of Commerce, Federated
Trades, Good Government Clubs. Civic
Federation, Municipal Reform League
and aii similar organizations, and this
body should proceed to tbe formation of a
charter. Having done this they stiouli
select a board of freeholders and have a
special election called for their election,
who in turn should propose the charter
thus prepared to the people for adoption
or rejection. I believe if tnis policy is
followed a charter can be prepared which
will be adopted.
"There are two schools of municipal ref
ormation, those who are in favor of cen
tralizing power largely in a Mayor and
those who would centralize power in a
large Board of Supervisors. I belong to
the latter. ' I believe that the people can
be trusted and that we can never have rea
sonably satisfactory government until we
do learn to trust them. I wish to see the
city redistricted so as to give either thirty
six or Beventyrtwo wards; that is, two or
four wards for each Assembly district,
with a Supervisor elected from each ois»
trict, and to see them at all times held re
sponsible. Our present ward divisions are
absurd. They give the Third Ward, which
bad in 1894 640 voters, as mucH influence
as the Eleventh Ward, witn 18.631 voters.
This is well illustrated in the vote of IS'J-i,
which was as follows:
' ' Firs: Ward, 9 entire precincts, 1 fractional
* precinct.....-..:..... ; .......:....-.• 1.497
. . Becond*W'ard, 15 entire precincts, 3 frac- -
tional precinct*...,,*...., ........ 3,131
Third Ward, 3 entire precinct", '3 frac
tional precincts... ?....'.. .'........ ... i 640
Fourth Ward. 6 entire precincts, 6 frac
tional precincts v. ; 1,802
' Fifth Ward,- 2 entire precincts, 2 fractional v
prec1nct5....;..... ".;■;. ...... ../.... ■»„.....„' v 484
Sixth Ward, 5 entire precincts, 7 fractional
* ' precincis"... ~. . .Z5.\.\i...... ..;.Yi.\ ;. ;..v 1,725
Seventh Ward, 8 entire precincts, 2 frac- .
tlonal precCncls.."... ..'......:.* 1 60S
Eighth Ward, 25 entire precincts, '£ frac
tional - tional precincis-:...:.. 1 ;!. . ."....'....... ... 6,634
.Ninth Ward, If enure precincts, 6 frac
t tional precincts. .*...... 7!.... ; £? 3 546
-Tenth, Ward. 20 entire precinct*, 4 frac- ' ,
jj« tional precincts.";.... ¥.. 7,028
Eleventh Ward, 81 entire, precincts, 6 frac
tional precincts -......:?:....". - I .'lß 631
Twelfth Ward. 64 entire precincts, 6 frac
. tional precincts r;..... . 15 8&2
Total.. ; 61548
"Another difficulty we want tp remedy
is to ailcw each district' to do its own se
lecting. Under the present system, the
onljTrequiaite is that a man shall reside in
the distr ct he is supposed to tepresent
while the whoie City votes for him. This
system renders it possible for a man to be
el#c*ed from the Firs: Ward sho did not
receire in that w*.rd a single vote.
"Another objection to electing at large
rests upon this met, that a Supervisor is
allowed by law to use no more than $120
in making nis canvass. No man can m«kt
a canvass iaSan Francisco on that amount
of money. To have sent a letter to each
Toter in San Francisco in the last demon
would cost $1200. Tne absurdity oi a man
attempting to make such a campaign on
$120 is manifest. But witn small wards,
containing not more than I^oo votes each'
it would be quite possible for eac.i candi
date to make known his views to each
voter, and use no more than the law at
present ai.ows.
"Under the present system each elector
is pupposea to vote for twelve Saporvi»or>.
He niUbt select these from airson- tifty to
sixty candidates. It 1* very difficult for
the ordinary man to make an intelligent
selection. Under the system which we
advocate the voter would be cal.ed on to
make a selection from only five or six can
dates. There would be no confusion, and
a man would have no excuse for making a
poor selection.
"We want direct responsibility of Su
pervisors to their electors. No "business
man would pass over the management of
bis business to any man for a definite
period of two or four years without hlm
•elf holding some power to cU^ck his rep
resentative in that business, and yet that
is what the people do in governmental
matters. We believe that many officers
now elected by the people should be made
appointive, but the power of appointment
should be placed in the hands of the Su
pervisor- and not in the hands of a dicta
torial Mayor. In this connection I will
call attention to the fact that the fifth
amendment to the constitution just passed
wi!l enable us to accomplish that result.
"I find, in consulting the constitution of
California that it is possible to secure a
vote of the people as to whether they want
this power concentrated in the Mayor
or .Board of Supervisors. Article 11 sec
tion 8 says:
In submitting any such charter or amend
ment thereto any alteration, article or propo
sition may be presented for the choice of the
voters, and may be voted on separately with
out prejudice to others.
BABES IN THE STORM.
Secretary Welch Takes a Woman In
Charge for Cruelty to Children.
Secretary Welch of the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Children brought
to the Central police station, about 10
o'clock last night, a Mexican woman who
gave her name as Mrs. Joaquin Sanchez
and two chilrden, one a babe in arms and
the other a boy (J years old. The officer
found the woman running about Broad
way, near Stockton street. She was par
tially intoxicated and the children were
drenched and shivering.
The woman stated that her husband was
out of town and for four days she had oc
cupied, with three Mexicans, a house on
Card alley. Last night the men got to
fighting and she sought refuge in the
streets.
The society will look after the children
to-day.
THE SIGN OF THE CROSS
Interesting Sermon on It by the
Paulist Fathers at St.
Mary's.
Explanation of a Pious Catholic Cus
tom Which is Held by Many to
Be an Enemy of Evil.
An interesting "five-minutes' " sermon
was preached at the morning masses in
St. Mary's Church, California and Dupont
streets, by the Paulist fathers as follows
on the text in the Epistle: "All whatso
ever ye do in word or in wore, all things
do ye in the name of the Lord Jesus
Christ."
"This was tbe custom of tha early Chris
tians and they never began a work without
invoking the Name of the Lord, under
whose protection they placed themselves.
For it was He who had commanded them,
'If you love Me keep My commandments.'
and they tried to carry out His words by
bringing all their actions into harmony
with those commandments and by invok
ing His sacred Name upon them.
•'The Name which Christ has taugbtHis
disciples was the sacred Name of the
Triune God. He ;oid tbem to 'teach all
nations, baptizing them in the .Name of
the Father, and of the Son, and of the
Holy Ghost;' aud it was under the invoca
tion of this most holy Name that it De
came customary from the very day of
Pentecost to ble^s tnemselves, iheir pos
sessions, their actions, ana those things
which belong to their neighbors.
"The most poorly instructed Catholic
knows how to bless himself. It is among
tbe first of the divine things that the
mother teaches to her infant and it is the
iast thing which a bad Catholic evor for
gets. When the hand is plac-d on t.'ie
foreliead, the breast, the left shoulder and
the right, and the lips pronounce. 'In the
name ol tbe Father, and of the Son, and
of the Ho!y Ghost, Amen,' tbe person
who docs this is blessing himself in ac
cordance with the precept laid down in
the Epistle of to-day, 'Ail things do ye in
the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.'* He
is calling on the Most Holy Trinity whom
Je-us Christ taught to protect him, to
guide him, to strengthen him and to re- |
ceive him at the hour of his greatest need. |
He is moreover professing his telief in |
that doctrine and bearing witness that he ■
is ready to hold it firmly as the essence of j
the Catholic faith which alone is able to I
save his soul.
"If every one who names this divine
name were to carry out tbe injunction of
the apostle what a very different state of
affairs we should see on the face of the
earth. Men beginning their every deed in
tne name of Christ would be exceedingly
careful what those actions would be.
Now many an evil deed could be avoided
if this was only a universal custom. How
many an uncharitable conversation could
be left unuttered if every word was meas
ured by that holy name of Christ. How
the evil thoughts wnich are so easily con
ceived In the mind wouid be bani-hed and
put to flight if at the first moment when
they come tbe sacred name of Jesus were
invoked.
"The.sign of the holy cross ia one of the
most potent enemies of evil, either in
thought, word or deed. It is powerful to
drive away not only temptation but sin
its-elf. It put to flight those hosts of evil
and fallen spirits who have our damna
tion at heart and who are ever about us
to help us en in the ways of sin and wick
edness. It is a great aid to us to help us
to persevere in the light and holy way of
life.
"One of the first things that we do when
we arise in the morning is to bless our
selves. Let this sign of the cross follow
us all day long; and let it not be the first
and the last" time, either. When we are
at work let it precede our every action, by
making it on the ft r- head "or the heart
;hat it may not provoke any blasphemous
remark from nn believers, and we shall be
surprised to find what a difference will
come over our daily lives."
THE POOL TOURNAMENT.
Result of the Games Pimyed by Mem
bers of the Olympic Club.
The fifteen-ball poo. tournament at the
Olympic Club is progressing slowly,
only 123 games having been played to
date. At this rate, the tournament wi 1
not end before a conple of weeks. The
score rs posted last night shows the fol
lowing results:
Xaiies.
I
i Games
j Played j Won. Lost
Kara*
Hardee...
Hampt0n:...:.............
CuttiJiugnam ...... .'..'
Lewis
Ward
Harrison ; ..,,
Thornton;
Vandall
Brickeli. .-.
Hallett ."'
Ma'.lon ,
Hodskins ]
Pope ,
Vaughn ; \[]
wards
Mocum.. l^
Moore ..!!!]*
Barnet: , .11""
Bach man  '.'.""
Long..-;.......
Pockwliz ■"
James
4a>lor. . ■ • •*•."••
Fuller.... '
4
6
6
1
•_•
7
S
2
5
6
8
6
6
4
6
4
7
10
6
6
I
I
4
1
2
0
.'.
4
U
3
I
1
i
4
2
2
4
O
3
0
5
7
2
5
•-'
■
0
v
4
1
a
0
2
4
1
1
4
2
4
4
1
4
I
4
2
8
4
1
I
2
4
1
Pmid an Election K.-t .
Osctr Fergofsky and Fred Mark are em
ployed In the National Brewery, on Webster
and Fulton streets. Fergofsky is a Democrat
and Mark is a Republican. They made a bet on
tbe election of President, the loser to wheel
tae winner in a • heelbarrow from the brew
ery to the City Hall. Yesterday The be ; ww
Hall. The i>erk>rmance was witnessed bi »
The new British army magazine rifle
will throw to a distance of over 4000 yards.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
NEWLY ELECTED
SCHOOL DIRECTORS
Personnel of the Next City
Board of Educa
tion.
Quite a Large Sprinkling of Pro
fessional Men on the
List
YOUNG MEN IN THE MAJORITY
The Members of the Board Have Al
Attended the Public
Schools.
The members of the incoming Board of
School Directors are, with one exception,
R. H. Webster.
all native-born citizens. Five out of the
twelve are Native Son?, while the entire
number have been educated in the schools
of San Francisco.
With the exception of two they are all
joung men, bright and intelligent, and
seem to have a thorough knowledge of
the dutie3 they are about to assume.
They understand the responsibilities of
their being elected to -ook after the edu-
Benjamin Armer.
cation of the children of this City for the
next two years, as also to govern and dis
cipline the teachers, should there be a ne
cessity for their so doing.
In addition to these duties the expendi-
Samuel L. Waller.
ture of a large sum of the taxpayers'
money, so cheerfully contributed for this
purpose, will be at their disposal, and,
like all public officers eleced by popular
vote, they must, individually as well as
collectively, be responsible to the people
who placed them in trust for the faithful
performance of a most sacred director
ship.
The willful dereliction of the duties of a
School Director is of such a serious nature
as between the American people and the
education of the children, that for the Di
rector who leaves himself open to sus
picion, in not doing bis whole duty, a 're
ward" is generally meted out should he
ever again seek public office.
From the higb character of the present
members, no such misfortune as thi* al
luded to is at all likeiy to be their '-re
ward." For it is hoped that the inten-st
of the schools, the children and the
teachers will be well taken care of.
Superintendent of Public Schools Regi
nald H. Webster, Republican, who has
C L~ Barrington.
just been elected by a very handsome ma
jority over his opponents, is a man of ripe
years and vast experience in the art of a
public educator. He has been connected
with the public scliools of San Francisco
for a number of years. He is a graduate
of the State University, and at the present
time fills the important position of in
structor at the Polytechnic High School
on Bush and Stockton streets. He has
been elected to serve out the unexpired
Edward J, Gallagher.
terra of two years, which was made vacant
by the <'eath of A. J. Moulder.
Chariftfc L. Harrington, Democrat, a
native aon of California, aged 35 years, is
a chemist by profession, having a large
store at 1800 Market street. He is an un
married man, quiet, modest and unassum
ing, but with tine abilities, ami consid
ered by physicians and others capable of
judging, at the head of his profession.
His ksiowiedge of chemistry is sucb that
Philip Hammond.
when Coroner Hughes held office in this
City Mr. Barrington web intrusted by that
official to male- the analytic examinations
of such mysterious causes as produced
violent deaths. His popularity can i.c
reckoned by the fact that the highest vote
was recorded in his favor. He received
his rudimentary education in tbo public
Thomas A* Burns.
scbooli and afterward graduated from the
State L'niverstty.
James L. Ha'.sted, Republican, is a
native of New York, aged 66 years. He is
a married man and tbe father of four
grown-up sons and one daughter. He ar
rived in California in ISSO. This is his
second term as a School Director. He
was c ected in 1876 and served tha people
faithfully for hi* two years' term. He is
engaged'with bis sons in the undertaking
business.
W. A. Derham, Democrat, is a gentle
man of culture, polish and education. He
Is 30 years of ag<» and was educated in the
puoJic grammar schools of this City and
subsequently graduated from Sacred
Heart College. He is a member of the
Loring Club and his popularity in social
and Dusines* circles is shown by his hav
injr received the largest vote of any candi
date witn s single nomination for School
Director. His sister. Miss Derham, oi the
Marshall School, ia considered one of the
j best teachers in the School Department.
He is a sinele man, residing with hLs fam
ily at 2024 Pine street. He has held the
responsiole position of cashier for the
past ten years in one of the largest mer
cantile houses in this City.
Dr. G.-oree I. Drucker, Republican, is a
young dentist with a splendid business. He
is the youngest of six children of the family
of ex-Supervisor August Drucker, is 30
years of age and brother of A. E. Drucker,
at presenTone of the Grand Jurors. He is.
by the marriage of his sisters, socially
connected witti the cream of this City. He
was educated in the public schools of San
Francisco, graduated from the State Uni
versity and obtained uisdipioma of doctor
dentist from that institution. He is genial,
liberal and. warm-hearted, and as can be
seen by his vote a favorite with the young
men of the City.
S. L. Waller, Democrat, is a Native Son,
aged 30 years, and received his education
in the public schools of San Francisco,
graduating from the State University as a
chemist. With his brothers he started in
business and they are now the proprietors
of a first-class drugstore. Mr. Waller is
an unmarried man, residing with his
brothers at 2104 Bush street.
Philip Hammond, Republican, is a na
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 42 years. He
has resided in San Francisco 45 years, dur
ing which time he has followed his pro
fession as a metal-roofer. He was edu
cated in the public schools of his native
State. He is an unmarried man of a quick
turn of mind, sharp in business and gen
erous to a fault.
Thomas A. Burns, Democrat, is a na-
J. L. Hatsted.
tive of Buffalo, K. V., aged 35 ye:tr?.
He has resiiled in San Francisco during
the past twelve years. He has been in
the produce business since his arrival
here. He is a married man and keeps a
store at Seventh and Mission streets.
Hi 3 education was obtained in the public
schoo.'s of his native ci;y.
Benjamin Armer, Democrat, is a Native
Thomas R. Carew.
Son, aged 33 years. He lives at 2815 Pine
street, and is a bookkeeper with M. Armer
<fc Co. at 308 Sacramento street. He is a
married man and received his education
in the public schools of San Francis -o.
Charles A. Uantel, Democrat, is a native
Charles A* Bantel*
of New Yo'k, aged 38 years. He received
his education in tbe grammar schools of
his native State, and has resided in San
Francisco for the past twenty years. He
George L Drucker.
has been engaged in the restaurant busi
ness at 427 Larkin street. He is a mar
ried man aud the father of three pretty
children.
Thomas R. Carew, Democrat, is toe only
hold-over Director elected. He has served
in a similar capacity during the ast two
years. He was born in Australia forty
three year 3 ago and came to San Francisco
with his parents at the age of three years.
He was educated in t:ie public schools of
this City and nas been engaged in the un
dertaking business at 19 Van Nees avenue
for the past si years.
Edwin L. Head, Republican, is 36 years
of age, a Native Son and past president of
Leland Stanford Parlor, president of tbe
California Mutual Savings and Loan As
sociation, secretary of the Ashbury aud
Panhandle Improvement Club, connected
with the Foresters and several other secret
soci«ties. He has been connected with
the Spring Vailey Water Company for the
past seventeen years, and held the re
sponsible position of cashier there for tUe
* W. Derham.
last ten years. He is a married man, re
siding with his family at 11206 Masonic
avenue. He is a genial, warm-hearted
young man with the faculty of making
lri< nds and Keeping them.
E.iward J. Gallagher, Democrat, is a
native of New York, aged 30 years. He
was educated in the puLlic schools of bis
native State, and Le has beeu engaged
with his brother in the grocery business
at 1811 Devisadero street for the past five
years.
TUFTS-LYONS ARE
THE CHAMPIONS
Defeated the Nevada Stars
and Won the Trophy
in Contest.
Riviera, the Citrus-Belt Twirler,
Too Skillful ior His
Opponents.
MADE SIXTEEN STRIKE-OUTS-
Men From the S\!ver Sat Outplayed
at All Points by the Caii
for nil Lads.
The amateur baseball championship of
tbe Pacific Coast, including the silver
trophy and pennant, was yesterday won
by tne Tufts-Lyons team of Los Angeles.
They won the deciding game from the
Nevada Stars, champions of the Silver
State.
The prime cause of the defeat of the
young men from Virginia City was their
inability to size up the delivery of Riviera,
the Los Angeles twirler. Kiviera is a
little, spindle-shanked, copper-colored
son of a Spaniard, with a long arm and a
long head and an over-developed baseball
tendency. He is about as big around as
an umbrella, and looks as though he
might be wafted out of the lot by a strong
gust of wind. But the manner in which
he can work shoots and curves into tbe
flight of a thrown ball is a wonder to all
beholders. Tbe heavy-weight Miners
were as pigmies in his hands and no less
than sixteen strikeouts were placed to his
credit.
Next to the pitcner, Mangerina, the
other half of tbe Los Angeles battery, was
the bright particular star of tn.e game. He
is even smaller than Riviera and looks to
weigh about three pounds less than a
straw hat. He, however, is a burale of
nerves, has an eye like an eagle, and is at
all times busi r than a boy in a store.
But one of the visitors from Nevada suc
ceeded in stealing a base from him, and
be played the game through without a
battery or fielding error. He also suc
ceeded in obtaining his base on oalls no
less than three times, and out of tlie other
three times at bat secured a two-bagger.
Of the other citrus-belters, Strohn ex
celled at the bat, h obtaining two singles
and a double out of six times up. while
Franek, Cummings and Tyier made two
safe hits each.
Moore ana Radcliff or the Nevadans
made two hits apiece, one of Moore's swats
beina over the right-field fence.
Neither side scored a run during the first
two innings.' Riviera struck out six of the
Miners and two of the Los Angeles lads
perished in the same manner. The other
four were retired at first. In the third
inning, after Perrow had made three fruit
less jabs at the sphere, MerKle secured a
hit, but was thrown out trying to steal
second. Moore then hit the ball squarely
on the nose ana lifted it over the rieht
faeld fence for a home run. Radcliff re
tired the side by fanning ont. In their
half of the tuira the orange-eaters saw the
Nevadans one and raised them one
Strohn. who was first at bat, hit safely
and Franek iollowed suit Cummincs
struck out. Mangerina secured a base on
balls, fhhng tde bans. Farrell was re
tired en a poorly to Perrow, when farmer
Tyler dropped a sale one into leltfield and
Strohn and Franek scored. Tufts retired
the side on a fly to Randall. ""red
Hits by Riviera, Stiohn and Franek
earned a run for .the Tuf.s-Lvons in the
fourth, and in the fifth the Nevadans tied
the score on Franck's error, a base on balls
and hits by Moore and, Radcliff. That
however, was the end of tneir run-gettine
In the last half of the fifth -Farr»! I cJd!:
Dieted the p circuit, making the scor* TuT*
in favor of the Southerners on his safe
drive. Tyler's sacrifice ana .Dexter™ Terror
Then came the •■Waterloo oi eva da s
CASTOR! A
For Infants and Children.
Tbefce- /9
*£™/2\cjaf!s+^ " is
rtiichty men. Strohn was the first man at
bai for Los Angeles in the sixth inning.
He obtained a life on Merkie's error, went
to thini on Moore's fumble of Cummin^ -
grounder, on which Cummings a. so gofca
base and scored on Dexter's misdireciai
effort to capture a grounder from Farrell
bat after Mangerina had been given a basa
on balls. Witti the bases full Perro v
made a mess of it when he tried to corral
Tyler's drive and Cummings scored.
Tufts then hit safely Drinking in Manger
ina and Farrei;. Riviera duplicated Tufts'
play and Tyler crossed the rubber. Wooif
sKill flew out first and Strohn coming to
the bat for the second time lifted the ball
into the crowd securing a two-base bit
and scoring Tuits. Franek retired the
side on an easy one to the pitcher.
The disastrous sixth inning took the
heart out of the Miners, and after that
they secured bat two widely separated
hits. The lads from the citrus-beit, how
ever, got two tallies in the seventh on
two hits and an error and two more in
the eiehth on Franck's life and doubled by
Cummiiiirs and Mangerina.
At tlie close of the eama the crowd from
the bleachers rustud upon the field, cap
tured the Los Aiij-eies boys and almost
smothered them witli their congratula
tions.
The Hawaiian band was also accorded
an ovation for the excellent selections
rendered during the afternoon.
Following is the official score:
Nevada Stabs, ar. r. : b. h. s.b P.O. a. k.
Merkle, 8. a 4 11113 3
Moore. 3 b. 4 12 0 0 2.:
Radcllffe, r. f 4 I) a 0 0 0 o
Uchtenberg, C 4 0-0 O c 0 0
Kandall. I. 1 4.0 0 0 3 0 0
Dexter. b 4 0 10 12.:
Bennett, c. f.; 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Cavunaugh, lb 4 0 1 o 12 l.i 0
Perrow, p...... 3.1 00 15 1
Total 34 3 7 1 '2( 13 8
TfFTS-LYONS. A.B. R. B.H. KB, ro. A. X
Strobn.lb 6 2 3 0 7 a 0
Frank, a. s ft a '2 1 3 2 2
Cummings, 3 b 6 3 -' 0 0 0 1
Mangerniß, c 3 1 1 0 14 3 1
Farreli. 1. f 6 3 1 1 0 0 0
Tvier, r. t 6 12 0 10 0
Tufts, a b 4 110 0 2 0
Kiviera. p 6 12 0 2 2 0
Wolfskin, c.f 5 0 O 0 0 0 o
Total. 44 14 14 2 27 11 »
BINS BY ISXIXOS.
Neva a Stars 0 010 2 0000— »
Tufts- Lyons 0 0 2 116 2 2 *-14
SIMKAHY.
EarneS runs— Nevada tarn 1. Tofts-Lyons 1.
Two-base hits— Kraack, Stronn, Tyler, Cummings
Manneiiua. lionie run— Moore. Base-* on errors—
Neviulu Stars 3, Tufts-Lyons 6. Bases on bails—
Nevada Mars 3, 1 ufis-Lyous 6. Struck out — By
ftivirra.l6, l>y I'erruw 6. Left on bases — .Nevada
Stars 5, i tins-Lyons 10. Hit by pitcher— Fraack,
I'uiui: ings. Double play— I'.lvlera :o Mangerina
to Franek. Umpires— McDonald and Uagus.
The San Franciscos Won-
The San Franciscos played the Impe
rials from start to finish in the California
League game, at the Sixteenth - street
grounds yesterday.
Following is the official score:
' Pas Franciscos. a.b. b. B.H. s-b. p.ol a. x.
Monahan, s. s 5 13 2 14 1
Kruif. c. f 5 2 3 110 1
Murphy, 1 b 5 1 1 4 10 0 0
Sweeney. 3 l> 4 13 110 1
Leonard, It 5 11 0 0 0 0
ilenes, c. t 5 2 2 0 4 0 0
Scott, c 5 13 0 5 11
Beckett, 2 b 5 0 2 2 5 11
lberg. p. 5 1110 2 0
Totals.. ...ft. 44 10 18 8 27 8 5
Imperials. a.b. .r. B.R. 8.8. P.o. a k.
Wanl.c 5 12 15 10
Wilds, 1 b 5 0 1 0 11 (1 H
Bmltb.3b 5 0 2 2 0 3 0
Bliss, I 8 112 .10 0
Keliy. p. 4 0 1 1 0 7 0
Mi..l"er. L f 4 0 1 1.10 0
Magee.c. f. 4 110 0 1
Till»on,s s 4 0 10 1 '2 0
Creamer, 2 o. 4 0 0 0 5 11
Totals 38 3 10 . 7 27 13 2
Ban Francisco. 0 0 1 5 0 0.0 0 4—lo
Imperials... 1 0000 100 I—3
Earned ruus— J ranciseo* 8, Imperials 3.
Three-base lilt — Scott. Two-biae hits— Wilds,
Smith. Scott. Sweeney. Leonard. Bases on balls —
San Franciscos 1. Imperials 1. struck out— By
loer.- 5. by Ke.ly 2. Passed bails— Scott 1, Ward
1. Umpire—
TTil Arrive To-day.
Delia Fox and her comicopera company will
arrive iv this City this morning, direct from
New Orleans, with tbe exception of a short
su»p at Los Angeles. The company will open
at the ba.duiu Theater to-night ia "ihe Lit
tle Troouer." She made her first appearance
on the stage al Bt . Louis when but. seven years'
old in "V inafort."
Bats are most curiously constructed, the
heart's action being aided by the rhyth
mic contractions of the veins of the win_-s.
SEW TO-DAY.
I GAIL BORDEN 1
lEAGLE Brand!
| -CONDENSED HEX. 1
. I Has No Equal I
| SOLD EVERYWHERE }&zi §
A Lesson to Men.
YOU HAVE EXCEEDED THE LIMIT
allowed by nature in the enjoyment of
worldly pleasures. You have at some
time overtaxed your nervous system, and
there is a weakness lurking there ready to V
breac forth in all its pitiable, destructive
effects upon you. Do hoi disregard these
little symptoms, which you feel lrom day
today; they are messages, telling of the
suffering of your nerves and warning you
that a breakdown is near. It may come
to-morrow and then it will be too late to
mend. . : ;:
Mend now. hat energy is left you put
it forth and save yourself. Call on or
write to Dr. Sanden and study his plan;
study how so many unfortnnates have
been save 1. Don't wait; act to-day. : It is
of vital importance to you.
■ Have you read or heard of the wonder-
ful cures" which are being accomplished by
Dr. SanderTs Electric Belt ?
There is not a -hamlet on the Pacific
Coast but has one or more who owe, their
happiness to it. This is the record of five
years' good work.
"I was generally rund own and needed some-
thing to build me uix - Your fell has accomplisued
that purpose and I am perfectly satisfied," says
Wm i. tarie, Azusa, cal.
What a record this paper could show if
people cured of such troubles would allow
their names to be used! Every day. some
grateful, restored man gives thanks to Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt. So will you if you
will try it.
Send for the book, "Three Classes of
Men." free, sealed closely, by mail. Ad-
dress '
SAXDEX. ELECTP.IC . CO..
632 Market •«•• opposite Palace Hotel. San Fran-
cisco. Cat office tours— B a v:. to •) r. ic ; cv. n-
lasn. 7 toS:5O: Sundays, 10 to 1. Los Angeles
office. 204 South- Broadway. Portland, Or., 255
- Washington st. • • ■■•• •:.-.'■
NiiTK—.M»te^o Mistake In the Number, 633
Market Sir*..*;. -, .. ' - - t ' , .
Baja California *
Damiana Bitters
XS A rv-WEKFUL. APHI ODISIAC ' AND
tpeciflc tonic for the sexual and urinary
i of loth sexes, . ::d » gre»; remedy for diseases of
tt»«> kidneys and blaiU.r. A CTeai ReaioratlTe.
invUomtcr »nd Xervin*. '" s«Usoa tt*i own Slerl:s.
no loß£-ni:ided tes;imonials nicw sary.
NABEK. ALIS & l!Kl"> Agents.
1 333 Sliuket St.. S. Jb\-tSead *<" Circular)NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
■ • The proposed emergency call is the chio
topic of talk at the armories. It is said
the troops are not to be cabled out to as
certain the number of men that can De
rallied within a given time, but rather to
show the condition, so far as equipment
is concerned, of the men responding to
__the call. Take for example Major Sime's
battalion of the First Infantry. When
his troops are formed in line ready for
duty, it may be noted here many of the
.men have serviceable overcoats, blankets,
'canteens and Haversacks. The same ob- j
servation may be made in the other bat
talions. One would suppose that ordin- |
ary inspection of equipment would im
• part the information desired in this re
spect, but tlie emergency call may pre
sent the deficiency in the light of an ob
• ject lesson.
•The election of a Legislature largely
■ Republican leads men of ' the National
Guard to believe that a fair appropriation
of public money for the guard will be ■
made at Sacramento next winter. What- :
eyer may be the political opinion of the j
men in the guard, it is generally acknowl- j
edged that the RepuDlic*ns are more i
liberal in supporting the military arm of
the State than the opposition, composed ',
of Democrats and Populists. There dots i
not seem to be any demand for an increase
[b the numerical strenuth of the guard, ;
yet there are many men of good, sound
judgment in military matters who con
lend that the Seco.id Brigade, located In
San Francisco, should have a battery of
light artillery. Others "till entertain the
notion tnat the First Intantry should be
• organize ias an artillery regiment and in
structed in the handling of the modern
guns now mounted in the batteries to de
fend the harbor.
The same rica was in vogue when the
oid Second Artillery, N. G. C, was or
ganized, but during ihe entire existence of I
• tnat organization no instruction was j
given in other than infantry drill. It Is |
conceded by many who are well posted
in military affairs that a mistake was
made vfli n the light artillery of the brig
• ade was reorganized out of existence. A
brigade of infantry ought to have at least
one battery of tield artillery.
Considering that California has been so
li-beial in allowance of money to build up
and sustain a creditable division of State
troops, ti.e Conere.-sional delegation from
this State should manage to procure from
• the War Department rive or six of the new
rifled breech-loading guns, such as are
now us*d by the light batteries in the reg
ular service.
Next to Xew York and Pennsylvania,
California is the most enterprising State
of the Unio:i in the duty of maintaining a
w.ell-organized military force. The con
stitution requires this maintenance from
every State, but many have observed the
letter rather than the spirit of the require
ment. On a proper submission ot the
facts to the War Department, California
•shoukl be ab!e to secure from the Govern
ment a proper equipment of arms for tne
National Guard. Concerted action on the
part of the Governor, the United States
Senators and the Representatives in Con
gress should be able to obtain what the
guard needs.
Nothing has-been officially transmitted
from Sacramento to indicate whether
Governor Budd, the comrnaiider-in-chief,
has accepted the resignation of Colonel
,Georee B. S perry, inspector-general of
rifle practice.
_ Colonel F. S. Chadbourne, paymaster
general on the Governor's staff, has re
turned from Chicago and New York. Dur
ing his absence he sustained the loss of
his mustache.
Second Brigade.
"The Hawaiian soldiers are read}' to shoot,
a- the following letter shows:
lIEADQfAI'.TERS )
First Retimknt National guard of Hawaii, >
HoKOMn.tr, K. H., October 28. 1896. >
f olnnel Hi mm ttaodonald. Commanding Fir.<t
Regiment Infantnj, iV. U. C— MY Dear Colonel:
Your kinri fivorof the st»i lust., ciial;eiiuing
ihe F'rst Regiment, N. G. 11.. to shoot a maicn
at 200 yards with 100 men against a like pum
bcr ol men from the First Ri-gicent Iniantry,
N. G. C, was duly received, and 1 rave the
honor to iniorm you thai at a cpecial meeting
ot the officers held last evening it was unani
mously vott-d to accept said challenge, pro
vi.led you will permit us to mnlce a slight
change ln reference to the rifle used by one of
ihe companies, whic i is armed by the Govern
ment with the I^ee- Remington, all the other
companies being armed with ihe Springfield.
As you have asked us to name the date, «c
' would succest that it take place between the
Ist and 15th of January, 1897; captains of the
respective teams to notify representatives of
opposing teams r>f date selected by his team.
Consul-General C. T. Wilder will represent
our team In San Francisco, and will also rep
resent us in. tlie matter of the tr.iphy. We will
communicate with him by this mail.
The interest tbut will attend such an inter
national match l* sure to result in good shoot
ing for both regiments. May the best team
win. I have the honor to be, very respectfully,
your obedient servant, R. H. McLean,
Colonel First Regiment, N. G. 11.
Colonel Macdonald of the First Infantry
was seen last evening and as Keel if the
modification desired by Colonel McLean
of the Harrison Guard would be accepta
ble. He replied that no objection would
be interposed to the use of the Lee-Rem
ington rifle. The challenge is now ac
cepted and the California guardsmen may
iiiive to do some first-class shooting to
win the trophy.
There wns a good deal of talk about a
day's outing this month for the First
Regiment, but as the holidays are approach
ing and requiring the constant attention
'of many of the men of tlie regiment at
their places of employment, the field-day
may be postponed until February 22. Now
that the match «nth the Harrison troops
is no longer a conjecture, but an assorfd
1 fact, it will rrqmre some active work to
A pel one hundred men in good shooting
V f<mi by the middle of January.
A Colonel Macdonald asserts that there is
v. misapprehension as to tho re-enlistments
i.. the lMrst Regiment. He maintains that
the regiment is stronger tnnn it was im
niedia ely after the reorganization, and
that it is gaining, rather than declining
in strength. Apart from the strength in
numbers, the Colonel contends that there
is a vast improvement in the material
now eulisting. Officers are working to-
:ether in harmony, and the enlisted men
ire taking a deep interest in the welfare of
.he organization.
Thirty members of the Signal Corps,
inder command of Lieutenant Phil Per
iins. all in fatigue uniiorm, left the
irmory on Ellis street yesterday morn
ng at 0 o'clock for a mounted practice
iril J. The signalers presented a tine ap
pearance, each naviug secured a first-class
lorse. They rode west and turned into
Point Lobos avenue, continuing until the
ocean boulevard was reached.
The march was then to a point on the
beach near where the road leads to Inele
9ide, and there the members of the corps
w^re drilled for more tnan an hour; and,
while the evolutions were very commend
able, the drizzling rain interfered in a
measure with the comfort of the men.
After a rest and lunch the corns sprang
into the saddle again, rode to Ingle-dde,
from there along tho Alms iouse road ann
through Golden Gate Park to the armbry,
arriving there at 3:30 o'clock.
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks, Fifth Infantry
Regiment, has recently made experiments
with reloading tools, and is convinced
that cartridges can be reloaded with huh
grade ammunition forsl3 50 a thousand.
Captain Charles T. Poulter, Comp.my A.
Filth Infantry, will prooably be re-elected
as captain of the company.
An election will soon taKe place in Com
pany G of the Fifth to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Captain Wil
liam P. Chipman.
Gossip is goinc around to the effect that
Lieutenant E. 8. Heller, inspector of rifle
practice, Fifth Infantry, may accept a po
sition on the Governor's staff.
Third lirlgade.
MERCED, Cal., Nov. B.— Now that the
election and the excitement and interest
attendant upon it are things of the past
the members of Company H are again
turning their attention to matters mili
tary, and the winter's armory work will
be prosecuted with vigor. Especial att n
tion wiil be paid to the setting-up exer
cises, havonet exercise and the details of
execution in the manual of arms and foot
movements..
The last regimental orders announce the
discharge of Sergeant^Chnstopher Sehrt,
Corporals Jonn F. Nolan and Samuel Car
son anu Privates George L. Crocker and
William F. Ordway, all because of expira
tion of term of service. The following
promotions are also announced: Corporal
Do Witt C. Jones to be sergeant and
Privates Frederick T. Griffith, James B.
George and William T. Smith to be cor
porals. There remains yet to be rilled one
vacant sergeantship and three corporal
ships. These vacancies wiil probably be
filled at an early date.
The Cook That Suited-
Some time ago a lady advertised fora
cook, and many applied for the situation.
Owinc to her fastidiousness, however,
none of them seemed to suit her require
ments, until at the eleventh hour a
Bridget {from the Emerald Isle) also made
application, and was put to the test.
Mistress — Are you able to do plain cook
ing?
Bridget — The plainer the hotter for me,
ma'am.
Mistress— Now look here, Bridget, my
husband likes his meat boiled, and I like
mine roasted. You understand?
Bridget — Yes, ma'am.
Mistress— Now if I give you a fowl to
cook for dinner, how wou:d you do?
Bridget (thought:ully) — I wud roast it
first, ma'am, and you could ate your share,
thin I wouid boil what you left for the
masther.
He Designed the Capitol.
An architect dies and passes away from life and time, and if no burial trile
marks the place of his sepulture the work of his hand and brain exists after him,
and the great ediiices filled with the living are the enduring monuments to his
memory. So will be remembered William Mooser, the pioneer builder of
this City, who died at his late residence, 2709 Pierce street, late Friday night.
He was born at Geneva, Switzerland, 62 years ago and came to this State Oc
tober 10, 1854. Having studied architecture in his native land he fonnd
among the houseless sand dunes of Yerba Buena a field for his genius and the
yonng man began to build and builded well, for a great city has grown, like the
fabrics of a genii, from his handiwork. Sir. Mooser's first labor was a brick
house that stands facing South Park. He not only drew the designs and
superintended the construction, but made the material that went into the
walls, and did the carpenter work with his own hands. Then rapidly followed
a number of other buildings in different parts of the City, among which are
Metropolitan Hall, the Cosmos Club, the big woolen mills at North B^ach,
and later on the splendid new French Hospital in Richmond District. A few
months ago he competed for the honor of drawing the designs of the muni
cipal building to be erected on the site of the old City Hall, and won the sec
ond prize. Ihe Macdonough Theater in Oakland was designed by the dead
architect. In 1860 lie drew the first complete map of A'amsda Couaty and a
few years later assisted in designing the noble Capitol at Sacramento.
For some time he suffered from kidney troubles and gradually sank until
death ended his busy life-work. He leaves a widow and six children, William
Jr., Charles E., Joseph H., Louis H., Albert H., and Alice. William Jr. is
also an architect and was connected in business with his father in his life
time. The luneral will tate place from 2709 Pierce street this morning at 10
o'clock-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
PUNCHING HOLES
FOR MEDALS
Lively Rifle and Pistol
Contests at Shell
Mound.
Strecker Leads for the Diamond
Prizj Donated by W.
Unfred.
SHOOTING FOR BEST BTJLLSEYES
The Blanding Trophy Causes a
Spirited Rivalry in the
Columbia Club.
It was a great day for the rifle and pistol
shooters at Shell Mound yesterday. From
9 o'clock in the forenoon until as late as
the targets could be seen there was a lively
rattle of muskets and sporting rifles inter
spersed with the spiteful crack ot the 22
-caliber pistols and rifles on the fifty-yard
range adjoining. Taken on a whole the
light was good. In the earlier part of the
day there was a stiff breeze from the west
thai kept the marksmen shifting there
wind gauges. The marksmen were the
Nationals, Veterans of the National Guard,
Independent Rill &, Germamas, San Fran
cisco Schuetzen Vereir., Norddevitschen
Verein and the Columbia Pistol and Rifle
Club.
The latter club held its regular monthly
medal and prize contests. As the end of
the year approaches the interest becomes
more intense, as there are a number of
valuable medals hanging in the air, so to
speak, which at present no one can lay
very much claim to. A. Strecker is in
the lead for the fine Unfred diamond
medal. Yesterday in three shots he
made 7, or an average of a two and one
third inch circle. On another re-entry in
the same match he made 10 points or an
average of three and one-third inches to
a shot. This pats him 11 points ahead of
F. O. Young. D. W. McLaughlin is a
close third and promises to pull deeper
into the contest now that he'has increased
the weight of his 38 Ballard by encasing
the barrel in a section of bicycle frame
tube. The medal is worth the effort.
The Glinderruann rifle medal filled the
; stand with muskets, and those who did
! not really enter into the competition did
j considerable practice for an effort before
; the season closes four weeks hence. There
is another reason for the practice. A St.
j Louis r.fle and pistol club, composed of
several hundred members, is carrying a
chip on its shoulder, and at the last meet
ing of the Colurobias the secretary was in
structed to see wh.it kind of an all-round
j match for fine rifle, musket, pistol and
revolver could be arranged.
On tho 50-yara pistol range the contests
I were even more exciting. The Blanding
; pistol medal, presented by Gordon Biaod-
I ing, is causing a deal of rivalry. Tne man
making the best ten scares of three shots
to each score takes the prize.
As it is a re-entrj' match, there are sev
eral who spend their entire time shooting
in this contest. When the target closed
last evening, Charlie Daiss was in the lead
on the total of ten scores with 66 points.
I His best score was 2, 1, I—4,1 — 4, which was a
I duplicate of one made by F. O. Yonng pre
viously. A. H. Pape is next highest, with
n total of 72, J. E. Gorman thircf, with 77,
F. C. Y'onng fourth, with 79.
There is no little interest in the 22-cali
ber rifle contest. In this Ed Hovey's ten
GORDON BLANDING, the Memfcer of the Columbia Pistol and
Rifie dub Who Has Presented the Beautiful Pistol Medal That
Takes His Name.
scores of five shots each amount to 98. He i
is closely followed by E. Jacobson, witn j
102. The ladies are also in the same match |
for the ladies' medal presented by Dr. L. |
0. Rodgers, the president of the club, bo i
far Mrs. L. J. Crane is in the lead. The
several scores made yesterday on the Co
lumbia target wer- as follows:
Rifle, 200 yard*, Unfred diamond medal, 3
shots, re-entry — A. Sirecker 10. D. W. Me
Laughlin 10, Dr. L. O. Rodgers 12, F. O.
Yount; 15.
Military rifle, Glindermann medal, 10 shots,
re-entry. Creedmoor count on « oiumbia tar- ;
get— F. O. Young 45, F. U. Bushnell 45, A. H. ;
Brod 43, I*. Robin>on 43.
Rifle, record medal, 10 shoto, re-entry— Dr.
Rodeerss7. H. R. Crane 66, D. W. McLaughlin
68, A. B. Dorrell 73.
Cinb class contests, for members only, 10
shot*, champion cla-s— D. W. McLaughlin 52,
A. H. Pape 67, F. O. Young 69.
First dais— F. E. Mason liti. A. B, Dorreli 71,
H. Hellbery 85, O. A. Bremer 89, H. K. Crane
102, G.SchulU 111.
Second class— J. E. Gorman 77, E. J«cob<!en
96, M. J. White 102, G. Barley 112, F. 11. Bush
nell 118.
Pistol, 10 shots, 50 yards, club contests for
members: Champion ciass — J. E. Gorman 47,
F. O. Young 53, C. M. Daiss 57, A. H. Pape 27
(withdrawn).
First class— Dr. L. O. Rodgers 54. M. J. White
58, F. E. Mason 72, D. W. McLaughlin 73, A.
B. Dorrell 76.
Semn.l class— G. M. Barley 61, E. Jacobson
6t>, H. J. Wicker 81, O. A. Bremer 92, F. H.
Bushiiell 93.
Ke-emry pistol matches, open to nil comers:
Blanding medal (three shots :o score) — C. M.
Dalss 47, A. H. Pape 6 7, J. E. Gorman 77,
F. O. Young 78, F. H. Bushuell 17 17, H. J.
Wicker 15 17.
All comers, 22 caliber rifle, flitv yards, 5-shot
medal— X. Jacobson 10 11, Mrs L. J. Crane 12
18. Mrs. M. J. Willie 15 18, Mrs. C. F. Waltham
lit 17.
Glindemann ladies' trophy, 22-callber rifle,
ten shots— Mrs. L. J. Crane 33, Mrs. C. F. Wal
tham 34, Mrs. M. J. White 42.
The German sharpshooters were out in
full force. The attendance at the Ger
mania Scbuetzen Club monthly medal
contests was larger than usual. The class
medal winners and their scores of 20 shots
on the German ring target were as follows:
First champion class— F. P. Schuster, 422
rines; second champion class, L. Bendel4l7.
First of the first class, G. A pers 435; second
of the first class, R. Finking 377.
First of tne third class, F. H. Bushnell 392;
second of the third class. A. Jungblut 387.
First of the lourth class, t. Salfiiid 339;
tecond of the fourth class, William Gurrus
319.
Best first and last shots, G. Alper?, 25 rings.
Neiu-ly all of the San Francisco Schuet
zen Vere.n. members were present at the
monthly medal shoot, and the winners
and scores made in twenty shots on tho
German ring target were thus recorded:
Champion class— A. Mocker, 435 rings.
First class— F. P. Schuster 425.
Second class not tilled.
Third class— Frank Koch 394.
Fourth class— J. D. Heise 385.
Best iir-i .-hoi, F. Koch 24; best last shot,
Otto Lemkc 2 a.
The members of the Nord Deutscher
Schuetzen Verein were out in full force
for the regular bullseye shoot, at which
twenty shots were allowed to each marks
man. The prize-winners in their order
and their record, as shown by the measur
ing machine, were as follows:
H. Stelling 30 points, J. Peters 173, F. P.
Schuster 178. O. L;mke 19">. William Garms
447, J. Glfkln 484, H. Huber <>45, J. Thode 906,
W. G.indrmann 912, L. R. Ritzati 1102. J. D.
Helse 1310, G. Alper* 1345, A . Mocker 1351.
The monthly medal contests of the mili
tary marksmen were well attended, and
the" following scores of ten shots each
were made on the military targets:
Companies C and G (Nationals)— C. W. Muel
ler 34, J. F. Norton 37, Switzer 33, W. L. Feim
43, Gill. s 38, M. G. Lave 36, G. 1. Phelps 35,
E. E. Barnlee 42. W. B. I.arklns 41, O. C. Nel
son 32, H. j. Musgrave 38, W. X. Swascy 21, R.
Dowdull 35, P. A. Larson 29, Thomas McGil
very 32, V. F. Northrop 37, G. J. Petty 38, F.
F. Carson 36, V. J. Anderson 31, G.W. Slmmte
40, C. G. Larson 39, F. J. Povey 37, Tyson 28,
Arnold 16, W. 1L Brown 36, A. E. Ander
ton 40, /. W. Ross 3G. H. Dtppen 35,
D. W. Warren 36, A. Martin 31, A. R. Vaughn
42, R. C. Dunbar 37, H. Hioks 41, V. K. Burry
37, T. IS. C&rso.T 41, C. Thompson 40, A. H.
Kenned.- 40, C. D. Herat 43. W. F. Uiured 37,
F. L. McNally 38, H. A. P. Bohr 44, C. F.
Meyer 43, C. F. Waltham 41, E. C. Sutliffe 41.
F. Lemcke 34.
Rifle Club of the Veteran National Guard As
sociation—Brod 43, Mansfield 42. Kiein 41.
Le Breton 39, Sncok 39,Townsend 39. Ruddiclc
41. Thompson 38. Loda 39, Buillffe 39.
Independent Rifles— J. H. Kuhlke 29. Ser
geant H. Schlichimaun 25, Sergeant C. Horn
beck 28, C. F. Hilsr 10, Sergeant H. Flyie 10,
H. Slande 31, Sergeant J. H. Schneider 41,
Corporal J. Stande 35, F. F. Band 25.
SHOT FOR A PURSE.
Wollmer Defeats Woenno by Sixty-
bevan Rlnps and Wins $20.
The ranges at Schuetzen Park would have
been altogether deserted yesterday after
noon had it not been for the private maich
between J. Woolmer and Emil Woenne of
the California Schuetzfn Club for a purse
of $20, which was decided in favor of the
former. His score was 318 rings out of
twenty shots, as against his opponent's
261.
Xhe match opened shortly before 3
o'clock and lasted a little over an hour.
August Hampel acted as referee, but, in
the absence of alt serious dispute, his po
sition was very much of a sinecure. The
day was an ideal one for shooting. The
light was equable and there was scarcely
any wind. Under sucl; auspicious circum
stances the comparatively poor scores
made would seem to indicate that both
men were a trifle nervous.
Woenne was undeniably in that condi
tion so disastrous to marksmen, seeing
that he ruined a performance of average
merit by firing no less than three wicies.
J. Wollmer, the former hero of a dead
center, is older and more seasoned; tiie
result, therefore, is no reflection upon
Woenne's ability. The latter is a promis-
REV. JOHN HEMPHILL, Pastor of the Calvary Presbyterian
Church* He Preached Yesterday for the First Time After a
Brief Visit to Europe.
ing cadet and will not consent to accept
yesterday's issue .as conclusive, but has
challenged Wollmer to azaiu tempt fate at
an early date. From the appended scores
it will be seen that Wollmer nearly re
peated his feat of two weeks aeo. His
ninth bullet went clean through the second
figure in the 25 ring:
J. Wollmer— 9. 19. IS, 23/ 22, 13, 19 10,
25. (i. 14, 20, 16. 15, 16, 14, 11. 17, 16, 15—
318.
Emil Wnonne— l3, 16. 12, o,' 20. 14. 12. 16,
14, 9, 0, 17. 23, 12, 0. 18, 4, 18, 10, 14-251.
Both the foregoing scores were beaten
by Hampel, the referee, and C. Peach, a
new member of the crub, though neither
Performance was on the programme. Mr.
i Hampel, however, intimated that such
| eminently favorable meteorological con
diiions deserved a more grateful recogni
tion on the part of C. S. C. marksmen
than had been accorued them, and forth
with made the following excellent scores,
which may be left to speak for them
selves: 19. 21. 23. 18, 19, 19, 18, 22, 18. 19,
18. 19, 18, 19, 17. 20, 21. 19, 18, 24, 17—386.
C. Peach's twenty shots were as follows:
18. 20, 39, 22. 21. 20. ID, 17. 18, 21, 23, 23, 21,
22, 16. IS, 9, 10. 15, 19—380.
Tlie regular monthly bullseye shoot of
! the Caliiorniii Schuetzen Club will take
j place noxt Sunday, and in connection
therewith the annual turkey shoot of the
same club. Every member is entitled to
shoot one ticket of three shots on the
German twenty-five-ring target. The ad
mission fee is 25 cents.
Birds readily recognize pictures, and
stories of their pecking at painted lruit
may well be true, for they readily recog
nize the picture of another bird, and the
little "love-bird" may be saved from inop
ine when aloue by placing the picture of
a companion in the cage.
•■ — ♦ — •
The greatest potato-eaters are the peo
ple of Germany and Belgium. Their con
sumption of ibis vegetable averages 100
pounds per annum for each person.
SAW PARIS IN
ALL HER GLORY
Rev. John Hemphill Tells
of the Czar's Recep
tion.
Witnessed New York's Magn fi
cent Parade of Republi
cans.
PHILADELPHIA'S LOYALTY.
The Doctor ' Says an American Flag
Seemed to Hang From Every
Build
Rev. John Hemphill, pastor of Calvary
Presbyterian Church, occupied his pulpit
yesterday morning for the first time in
two months.
Dr. and Mrs. Hemphill returned last
week from a rather hurried irip to Europe.
The long juurney across the continent nnd
the Atlantic was made for private business
purposes only, but in his flying itinerary
Dr. Hemphill caught mental snapshots of
many beautiful and wonderful scenes
which he reproduces in vivid and enter
taining description.
"We went to New York by the old over
land route," the doctor said to a Call rep
resentative, "and stopped for a few days
in Philadeluhia, where I preached. I did
not occupy my oid church, but the doors
of that place of worship were closed in the
evening and the pastor and congregation
came to give their old minister a royal
welcome. Being a loyal American, who
believes in patronizing home industries, I
took the steamer ±*aris of the American
line at New York. It was a speedy and
pleasant trip, just seven days being con
sumed.
"We immediately crossed the Channel
to Paris, where we stayed twelve days.
'We were fortunate in beini in Paris
when the Czar of the Russias was feted.
We were further fortunate in having a
balcony on the Champs Eiysees, where
the grand procession was at its best. We
were delighted to have Henry L. Dodue
and bis wife, oid California iriends, on the
balcony with us. Paris is always beauti
ful, and the Parisians have a hapt>y
faculty of decorating, so we saw it at its
best. It was a sight worth going all the
way to Paris to see.
"We crossed over to London and stayed
at the Cecil Hotel, one of the newest of
London's grrat hostelrics and owned and
controlled by an American syndicate.
"Paris and London are as unlike each
other as can be. Paris seems to me a toy
city. London is as solid and enduring as
the Rock of Gibraltar. Of the two I prefer
London.
"When I reached New York I found the
political pot boiling all over. The interest
in New \ork and Puiiadelphia was in-
tense. The gold procession in New York
on the Saturday preceding the election
was supberb. Philadelphia was a sight
never to be forgotten. An American flag
hung out of almost every building. I
counted fifty magnificent flags over the
Union League.
"We .'topped election day in Chicago.
The feeling there was very intense, yet
everything was quiet and orderly.
"On my journey I heard services and
preachers or all sons, but Joseph Parker
of the City Temple, London, was the great
est of them all. Although an Independent,
or what wouid be called a Congregational
ist here, he paid a glowing tribute to the
Archbishop of Canterbury, who had died
that day.
"1 am tired of globe-trotting," con
cluded the Doctor, "and I am ready to
settle down again to hard work. 1 '
AWAITING A MESSIAH.
An Apoitle of Apostles Predicts Dark
ness and Light.
Mr. Davenport, who announced himself
as an evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic
church, preached in Odd Fellows' Hall
last night on "Our Lord* Second Coming."
He comnjenced his discourse by saying
that he was not opposed to the orthodox
churches and ministers, but sustained
them. He was ODpoaed to all that tends
to divide tne church. He explained that
the second coming of Christ meant the re
turn oi the same man Jesus who was upon
the earth almost two thousand years aeo.
Almiehty God, he said, is about to allow
society ;o fall into confusion and disaster,
because men refuse to look to him and to
hi* son. Men will fall so low ti.at they
will be willing to turn for help to God, and
help will come in answer to the cry of
those who sen they have failed to help
themselves. The dark cloud which now
> threatens the world is to burst and sweep
away all institutions which oppose God,
making way for the coming of Christ, the
savior of the world.
The church is the instrument by which
Christ will help to rule the world. She
must suffer terribly, even to persecution,
in the great tribulation which is about to
try all men who dwell upon the earth, to
prepare her for her Savior's personal
presence.
Not only is a time of trouble and deso
lation close upon us, but there is a ray of
bright light God has sent help to the
church. He lias sent her an offer of help
and has commenced to reorganiza if. He
has restored the gifts of the Holy Ghost
and the office of apostle.
Mr. Davenport was very explicit that
he himself is not an apostle, but was sent
by restored apostles to declare to the
j eople of San Francisco that God has sen t
help to prepare for tho coniiug of our
Lord.
Extraordinary qualities are possessed
by the River Tinto, in Spain. It hardens
and petrifies the sand of its bed. and if a
stone falls* in the stream and alights upon,
another, in a few months they unite and
become one stone. Fish cannot live In its
waters.
NEW TO-DAT.
From cocoa grows
health, beauty and
strength.
' "Bab," the friend of
every woman reader,
says, "cocoa is one of
the greatest beautifiers
I ever knew."
And Ghirardelli's is
the best of all.
A home product.
Fresh, pure, strong.
32 cups, 25 eta.
Two Weeks'
SPECIALSALE!
C i'~i ' • Reduced to
Blue and Black Cheviot Suits, $17 50....513.50
Blue and Black Pique Suits, $27 50. 520.00
Blue and Black Clay Worsted 5uit5, 520.. » 15. 50
Overcoats to Order, $25 917. 50
The Latest Austrian Cheviot Coat and Vest,
. with different Pants 925.00
Perfect tit nnd best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sale. _____
JOE POHEI THE TAILOR,
201 and 203 Montgomery St.
724, 844 and 846 Market St.
1110 and 1112 Market St.
San Francisco, Cal.
Medical and Surgical Offices
DR. COOK
This distinguished specialist restores
Failing Manhood and removes every symp-
tom of | Physical, Mental or Sexual Weak-
ness. He also cures Gonorrhoea, -Gleet,
Stricture, . Varicocele, Hydrocele, Pilea,
Fistula, Rupture, Chronic Catarrh, Blood
and Skin diseases, and diseases of the
Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
Bladder., and Urinary Organs. Female
complaints a specialty. Scientific exam-
inations carefully conducted und«r the
X-RAY. Office hours: 9 a. m. to 12 m.,
2to 5 and 7 to Bp. m. Sundays 10 a. m. to
12 m. only. Write at once it unable to
call. Address
! nnpTfin PflMf 865 MARKET street,
UUlllUn UUUIV, San FrancUco. Cal..
IS THE VERY' BEST OXK.TO EXAMI!fB
your eyes and fit them to Spectacles and £y-
Classes with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled, My aua*
> cess has been due to the merits of it jr work.
■;_ otaca Hours— l 2 toir.u.. , . , . . v;-:: v : .
STRONG AGAIN
New Life, New Strength, New.Vljror.
THE AMPHRODISIC!
' From PROFESSOR DR. RICOKD of Paris Is the
5 only remedy for restoring strength under guaran-
i tee, and will bring back your lost powers an I atop
forever the dangerous drains on your, system.
They act quickly, create a heal digestion, cure,
. rich" blood, firm mnscles, merged strength, steady
• nerves and clear brain. Imported direct from
[ Paris. Price -per box, directions i.. closed, #2 50.
i For sale by a.l respectable druggists. 'Mali orders
from any person shall receive prompt attention.
s •■■ Agents for Pacific Ooas;, WALLER 15K0>.,
33 Grant Avenue. J»B I'raiiclgco.
J EIjECTniC 3BEUTS
''> 1 1 '<&£<:? V'lVt » -Are good things If prop-
' erly; made: but there M
* i^\vS^v>^^^fCVit no " ense ln paying a hl;a
> ■Wfaiifir/'n^^N^sSjß Pr' cp for * poor article
> rasPy J,T.'"^i^S siu.plv because some ad-
r WKu?R=viaifcifor3s^W vertlalng "(juack" de-
. CTla3([!r*S§|pi«! U2P£ mands it. i>i:y no Belt
1 "x£f7*j? iSKfr'qpJr- till you see i)r - Tierce's.
, jit* rfgW-SWi 93- Boole Free. Call or
i •'^l-Jv-^jalv!'! adrtressDK.' PIK CX
• <~f.'> & SUN, 704 Sacramento
•V 1V su. cor. ' Kearuy, a, jr.
} Btmach. Office 610 Market at.. a. i\
h 'fi % l**<h^Mli><iii^>"¥ Tii'"illilifitf»T'^WM l Tiii|-i ii ii i "r
56
Bfc . ran . C&tll
MONDAY NOVEMBER 9. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
§ Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. . $0.1
Dally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally end Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Eunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
VViutLv Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone :...:.. Maln-1861
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
8:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and illusion streets; open
until 9 o'clock. .
2518 Mission street; open nntU 9 o'clock.
116 Into street ; open untU 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFF1CB:
SOS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Room* SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
r— — — - - '
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now for business
Make the week lively.
Keep up with the procession.
Look out for California industries.
Make San Francisco a home martet for
home goods.
Now is the time to advertise for the holi
day trade, and don't you forget it.
Fatten your birds, Mr. Turkeyman ; we
all wish a rich feast this time.
Four more months of Cleveland clover
and then we get ready to make hay.
You promote your own welfare when
you promote that of yonr neighbor.
Speculate on the composition of McKin
ley's Cabinet all you please, but don't bet.
Read the news of the day and delight
yourself with the reports of reviving busi
ness.
In the revival of trade the home market
should give the preference to the home
worker.
All that California asks for now is a wet
winter. Everything else seems propitious
to prosperity.
Don't forget that California novelties
are about the best things you can send
home for holiday gifts.
There is going to be a gold mining boom
in California before long and mining
counties will be way up.
Many a Uryanite will De a McKinley
man before the next election. Prosperity
is a pretty good persuader.
The next McKinley tariff won't be
thrown down in a hurry, and the coming
prosperity will last a long time.
Thanksgiving football games will soon
be looming up as a town topic and politics
will be talked only on the side.
The Cuban crisis should open up this
week and show whether there is in it any
thing more than in a chestnut burf.
Cleveland found the Democratic party
divided and demoralized and will return
it to its old leaders in the same condition.
Olney has about four months left in
which to put his vigorous foreien policy
into play and let the people see it work
once.
With money circulating and work in
creasing there will be good reason for
everybody to rejoice in the holidays this
season.
It would be money in the pockets of the
people to revive the crusade against the
sale of lottery tickets and those who ad
vertise them.
Bryan Democrats and Palmer Demo
crats have a big crow to pick with one an
other before they are ready for Thanks
■ giving turkey.
Eastern people will please take notice
that if they start West at once they can
have strawberries for Thanksgiving with
out extra charge.
California should loot toward the Pa
cific for her trade and every Cahfornian
in Congress should do his best to encour
age the upbuilding of our merchant ma
rine.
McKinley has an abundance of able sup
porters from amone: whom to select his
Cabinet, and it goes without saying he
will form one of the best known to our
history.
That spirit of local patriotism which de
lights in promoting home industry should
assert itself now in ail parts of California.
We have been importing too many goods
that could be manufactured at home and
the time has come to make a change.
With a strong and vigorous man in the
office of Secretary of State the McKinley
administration ought to be able to clean
up all our outstandingdiijlomaticdisput.es
and bring about nn international agree
ment for the free coinage of silver without
much delay.
Tbe Bryanites are deceiving themselves
if they expect to make another campaign
on the silver question. Long before the
end of McKinley's term the Republican
party will have settled the finances of the
Nation on a basis so solid that the whole
country will be satisfied.
The war in Cuba has come to be a con
test of endurance rather than of fighting
ability, and hard as it has been on the
Cubans it seems to have been almost as
disastrous to the Spaniards. The army
and navy and the treasury of Spain are
Dearly worn away, and that once strong
and still proud country is to-day but little
better off than Turkey.
Speaking of tbe infamous methods pur
sued by the New York Journal and the
Examiner the San Francisco Argonaut says:
"From the very beginning of the cam
paign the methods of these two papers
have been indefensible. There was no
party slander too mean, no campaign
calumny too vile for them to publish.
There was no caricature too coarse, no
cartoon too indecent for them to print."
Every good man and every good woman
in California will indorse these brave, true
words.
NOW FOR BUSINESS.
; List week we closed up politics. This week
! we begin business. The holiday trade will
soon engage the attention of everybody.
Tke windows of the stores along the streets
I are already brigtit with the novelties in
• tended for the coming Christmas. The
people feel more cheerful than they have
for years, and a new activity as well as
I a new hope is visible in all the channels of
business.
The holiday trade, however, will be but
an episode in the great revival that has
begun. It will serve only as a preliminary
to the far mightier activity that will begin
to move the industries, the energies and
the enterprises of the American people.
In every form of human undertaking,
from the construction of far-reaching rail
roads to the planting of small orchards,
there will be an onward movement this
winter.
Reports from all parts of the Union
show that the people of every State are be
ginning to feel the new impulse and are
making preparation for an expansion of
industry in the near future. In many
lines of work this expansion will begin at
once. In others it may have to wait until
the passage of a protective tariff bill,
which is to be confidently counted on
when McKinley and a Republican Con
gress enter upon office next March. Even
in those industries that are waiting there
i 9, however, a sense of confidence that
leads men to make preparations for the
expansion that is to come, and this work
of preparation will give employment to
many who have been without wages or
regular employment during the long years
of the Democratic depression.
While this stir of activity is making
itself manifest in all parts of the Cnion,
the people of California will not be idle.
No State in the Union has such vast un
developed resources as ours, and no pro
gressive State falls so far short of manu
facturing her raw material. We have,
therefore, better prospects and better in
ducements for entering with confidence
upon a revival of business than the people
of any other section of the country.
It will be our own fault if we do not profit
by the advantages given to us by nature
and the opportunities to be afforded by
wise lecislation. It is that thought which
should be uppermost in our minds as we
begin the work of this first week in a new
era of prosperity. Let each man resolve
to do his share in the work of upbuilding
the State, and let him remember that
many great enterprises can be carried out
only by co-operation with his neighbors
of progressive spirit.
We must work together, as well as work
for ourselves. We must join unity of
action with our activity. We must lend a
helping hana wherever help is needed, and
follow the standard of industry with a
clear understanding that what benefits
one will benefit all.
THE CHANGING SOUTH.
Probably the last great political buttle
in the United States in which a South any
where near solid is to figure has been
fought and won. The great questions to
be discussed and decided by the American
people in the coming elections will be
economic ones in which patriotic South
erners will differ too widely to vote
all one way, and the dread of negro domi
nation will cease to be so overwhelming
as to prevent consideration of other issues.
The late election showed the shadow of
coming events. Many good Democrats
and true lovers of the South voted for Mc-
Kinley because they thought a settlement
of the financial agitation was the supreme
issue. Many other?, whose dislike to the
Republican party was too ingrained to
ailow them to vote for McKinley, simply
threw their votes away by casting them
for Palmer and Buckner. Differing views
about the expediency or honesty of the
unlimited coinage of silver at an arbitrary
ratio have already caused great fractures
to occur in the old tim*!-honorcd solidity.
These fractnres will widen into a complete
breakup when other questions come to the
Iront for study and settlement.
Protection will become, as it were, a
new question for the South because of the
rapid increase of manufacturing interests
within hei borders. The Government
ownership or complete control of railroads
will be one of the problems up for practi
cal solution in the near future, and about
this men will disagree without regard to
the section in which they live. Questions
as to what is the best banking system for
us and about the retirement of the green
backs, will also soon be live political
issues, and about these Southeners will be
unable to think and vote alike.
As an illustration of the break in the
old Southern unanimity may be cited the
remark oi a distinguished Georgian Judge,
made shortly before the election. He had
been a lifelong Democrat, but he consid
ered the financial plank in the last plat
form of that party so wild and such a
menace to the prosperity of the country
that he emphatically declared, "the good
God surely thought too much of this land
of ours 10 permit the election of Bryan. 1 '
So strong an expression from such a man
is a good indication of the temper of
many Southerners.
The South is traditionally conservative,
and though temporarily carried into the
ranks of, extreme radicals, will soon re
turn to her natural bent. When ques
tions are settled without the prejudices of
sectionalism, dißcussion will be more com
plete and fair. Men will sooner arrive at
the ieeling they are arguing with iriends
and not with enemies, and this will make
truth and ideal government sooner at
tained.
HOME INDUSTRY.
This is the time to remember home in
dustries. This is the time to bear in mind
that California should be the best market
for California goods. This is the time for
every citizen to consider how he can best
promote the general welfare by promoting
the industry of his neighbor as well as
that of himself.
The coming decade should be one of
more than ordinary prosperity in Cali
fornia. It should see great progress made
m all lines of work. It should see citizens
combining and co-operating to establish
in various localities those large enter
prises which cannot be carried out by a
single individual. We ought during the
next ten years follow the plan of the
richer Eastern States aqd build a factory
by tbe farm. We should bring about a
diversified Industry. We should not only
produce raw material, but should manu
facture it to its final and most finished
form so that we can get for it tbe highest
price in the markets of the world.
Good prospects await the State. There
is everywhere evidence that we have men
of enterprise and capital among us
capable of being leaders of industry who
will accomplish success in their undertak
ings. Men of this stamp exist in almost
every community in the State, and if
their fellow-citizens will only give them
loyal support and active co-operation the
industrial system of California will be
virtually revolutionized within the de
cade.
We send our raw fruit to the East and
buy back jams and jellies. We send
abroad or destroy at home some of the
THE SAN FRA^i CISCO CAI/L, MO^SDA x , JM>voiJsii;K 3, l»»6.
finest wood in the world and buy bacK
cabinet ware and even household furni
ture. We leave our quarries of fine stones
undeveloped and bring finished stonework
from abroad. 'We export leather and
wool and import shoes and clothing. We
even import meat, eggs and butter in a
State where the climate is perhaps better
fitted for the maintenance of dairies,
poultry farms and the raising of cattle
tnan any other in the Union if not in the
world.
In these and in a hundred other ways
we waste our substance while leaving our
resources undeveloped and our energies
unemployed. It is time to change this
condition of affairs. We must bear in
mind that the principle underlying the
great cause of protection is that of pro
moting home industry, and while we give
preference in our markets to American
goods over foreign goods by law we ought
to give preference in California to the prod
ucts of California industry by tb6 exer
cise of popular sentiment and individual
will.
THE STATE CAPITOL.
The biennial report of the Secretary of
State of California, which has just been
issued for the two fiscal years ending
June 30, 1890, recalls attention once more
to the bad condition of the State Capitol
and recommends several improvements
which he urges will not only better tne
building in many ways, but tend to econ
omy in its management and maintenance.
The Secretary says: "The building, for
the health of its inmates, should be ven
tilated, because when it was erected venti
lation was entirely ignored. The base
ment is never free from the foulest air
and many parts therein are as far from
light as Egyptian darkness." There is no
fire protection in the upper stories, and it
is said in the report: "If a fire should
start above the third floor of the building
and gain ordinary headway, the entire
building would De destroyed."
In addition to recommendations for im
proved ventilation, fire protection and
plumbing, the Secretary points ont several
means for maintaining the building with
greater economy than under the present
system. By the expenditure of a few
hundred dollars for two electric motors,
with attachments and pumps, it is claimed
that the elevator and pumps could be run
by electricity and a saving made to the
State of at least $2uOO annually.
The State row pays $600 for water u*ed
in tne building and $12,000 for water for
irrigating purposes. The Secretary thinks
that for $500 a well could be sunk which
would furnish all the water needed for the
building and grounds. The quantity of
fuel now used to heat the offices and
rooms by grates entails a large cost, and it
is believed the expense could be largely
reduced by substituting heaters.
The Secretary asserts: "With electric
motors in place, 1 will be able to save the
State in light and fuel within the building
more than $4000 a year. The sum is cer
tainly worth the saving and the plans sug
gested for the economy are all the more
worthy of consideration, since they
promise not only less expense, but greater
degree of security for the building and
comfort for its inmates."
Members-elect of the Legislature should
read the report with care and go to Sacra
mento with some knowledge of the prob
iem of the State Capitol, which will con
front them there. The building has long
been a subject of complaint, and something
should be done to make it a fit Capitol of
such a commonwealth as California.
THE MINING INDUSTRY.
The convention of the California Miners'
Association, which assembles in tins City
to-morrow, will be the first great indus
trial assembly in the State under the new
conditions produced by the election of
McKinley. The proceedings of the con
vention will therefore be followed Dy the
public with more than ordinary interest,
and it is safe to predict the attention given
will not go unrewarded.
The outlook; for no industry in the
Union is brighter than that for California
mining. Every feature of the situation is
encouraging. The demand for gold, al
ready great, will be increased by the ex
pansion of all forms of trade in tbe new
era of prosperity; improved scientific pro
cesses and new mechanisms enable miners
to work with profit ores that were unprofit
able before; men of capital and enter
prise in the great centers of wealth are
turning their thoughts to California as the
land where gold mining under tbe new
conditions promises the best results, and
as a consequence, the gold-yielding coun
ties of the State have the prospect of a
coming prosperity borne forward by the
triple force of increased demand, im
proved methods and enlarged capital.
The impulse of improvement has been
already felt, and every mining county in
the State will have good reports to make
of work accomplished or undertaken. The
convention will include many notable
men and in its entirety will truly repre
sent tbe energy and confidence of the
State in the coming of better times. San
Francisco will extend to them a most cor
dial welcome and will heartily co-operat2
with them in ajl they devise for the ad
vancement of their golden industry and
the welfare of California.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
The improved naval ordnance of Great
Britain Is exemplified in the 12-lnch wire
wound breechloadlng rifles, which weigh only
forty-six tons and yet have the same penetrat
ing power as the 17-inch guns, weighing 110
tons, on the Sunspareil and Ben bow. Tae new
guns are being placed on the ships of the lla
jt-stic m.d Csesar class. •
Messrs. Yarrow & Co., the weli-known tor
pedo-boat builders on the Thames, are about to
establish a branch yard in (Jerniuny, and It is
their intention to gradually transfer their
business in England to the proposed new
worka, chiefly on account of the cheaper labor
in Germany.
The French naval programme lor the next
fiscal year has been proposed^ay the Govern
ment and approved by the budget Ministry. It
provides for one armored battle -ship of
11,270 tons, 28500-Uorsepower. triple screws
and a speed of 23 knots; one protected cruiser;
two coast-defense cruisers of 5500 tons,
17100-horsepower and 23 knots speed. One
third-class cruiser of about 2100 tons, oue
gunboat, one torpedo-boat destroyer and two
first-class torpedo-boats are likewise provided
for, and while the number of vessels to be built
is but small it is to be noted that in the pro
posed triple-screw battle-ship of 23 knots
France will have by all odds the most superior
fighting ship existing in any navy.
The Diadem, sheathed cruiser of 11,000 tons
displacement, was launched from the stocks
of the Fairfleld yard on October 21, which was
214 days after her keel was laid. This Is the
best record of ship-building for the British
navy.
The French Superior School, instituted a
few montns ago on tftree cruisers in the Med
iterranean, has been abandoned, and a school
will be opened in Paris for lieutenants of the
navy desirous oi becoming proficient in spe
cial branches connected with nnval warlare.
The school will be presided over by an ad
miral and wiil have a large corps of specialists
as teachers.
The Talbot on her trip across the Atlantic
from England to Halifax bad a narrow escape
from going down on October 3 during a hurri
cane. Her spars came down and the captain
narrowly escaped being killed. The sheet
anchor was lifted bodily from its place and
shifted over on the turtle-back deck. Several
of the boats were smashed in the davits and
serious leaks developed under the gun plat
forms.
The Powerful, British cruiser of 14,000 tons
and 25,000 horsepower, has not yet concluded
her trials. The eight hours' full power trial
on October 21 had to come to a ciose after two
hours' trial owing to an eccentric strap break
ing and a gauge pipe oursting. The mean
horsepower developed during the two hours
was 24,700. During the prior thirty hours'
coal consumption trial at sea the horsepower
developed was 18,433, with 103 revolutions,
and the coal expended, as taken from actual
weight, was at the rate of 1838 pound 3 per
horsepower per hour.
The Bwordfish, torpedo-boat destroyer re
cently completed for the British navy, made
a speed on her trial of 3/7.12 knots, with 203
pounds of steam, 399 revolutions and 4570
horsepower. The contract called for 27 knots
on 4000 horsepower.
PERSONAL
E. H. Becker of Selma is at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
H. W. Crabb, a winemaker of Oakville, is at
the Grand.
C. E. Metzger, a hat man of New York, is at
the Baldwin.
L. N. Breed, a banker of Los Angeles, Is at
the Occidental.
S. Alexander, a merchant of Arroyo Grande,
is at the Grand.
George. B. Graham, a Fresno Judge, Is visit
ing at the Grand.
A. D. Smith, a rancher of Fresno, is registered
at the Cosmopolitan.
F. M. Adams is down from Angels Camp and
is staying at the Kuss.
M. Goldwater, a merchant of San Lucas, is
registered at the Baldwin.
M. P. Stein, a Stockton grain merchant, is at
the Baldwin with his wife.
Ben Reynolds, a business man of Fresno, is
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Delia Fox and party will arrive at the Bald
win this morning from the East.
Paul R. Ruben, a Fresno merchant, is among
the latest arrivals at the Baldwin.
E. F. Bouton, a business man of Noyo, is
among those registered at the Kuss.
C. F. Robertson, a lumberman of Eureka, is
one of the late arrivals at the Grand.
Rev. Thomas F. Delaney, a Catholic priest of
New Orleans, is a guest at the Baldwin.
William G. Blatt. a shoe manufacturer of De
troit, Mich., is re£i*tered at the Palace.
J. B. Peakes, proprietor of the Yosemlte .
House, Stockton, is a guest at the Palace.
R. H. Dragstreno, a Catholic priest from
Illinois, arrived at tte Baldwin yesterday.
A. Showers, a Visalia farmer interested in
mercantile business, is a guest at ihe Russ.
J. A. Nortnway, who keeps a hotel at Vir
ginia City, registered at the Grand yesterday.
Ernest Graves, a San Luis Obispo attorney,
is at tbe Baldwin, having come up to argue a
case in court to-day.
C. C. Crow, a land-owner and cattle-rancher
of Crows Landing, Stanislaus County, is one of
the latest arrivals at the California.
F. Temple Lynch, a mining man of Central
America, returned to the Occidental yesterday
from Eureka, accompanied by his bride.
L. P. Lowe of Pasadena, who owns a hotel
there and is largely interested In the Echo
Mountain Scenic Railway near that place, is a
guest at the California,
Thomas Lloyii of London, editor of the Lon
don Statist, a financial paper, returned from
Dal Monte yesterday with his wife and daugh
ter, and Is iegistered at the Palace.
Corinne and eighteen of her company ar
rived at the Baldwin yesterday from Denver,
Colo., preparatory to beginning the engage
ment to-night at the Columbia Theater.
D. J. McKall and H. Pengelly of Nevada
City, R. C. Boggs of Newcastle, \V. N. Husband
ol Kelsey and Thomas Clark of Placerville,
delegates to the miners' conventiou, are at the
Grand.
H.E. Picket. J.F.Lang, Edward Bind and
D. \V. C. Morgan, mining men of Placerville,
arrived at tbe Lick lust night to be in readi
ness for the miners' annual convention that
opens to-morrow iorenoou at Odd Fellows^
Hall.
W. T. Reid, principal of Belmont School and
ex-president of the University of California,
returnel yesterday from the University of
Nevada, where he accompanied the Belmont
School football team that met and defeated
the Nevada University team last Saturday by
a score of TOtoO. He Is at the Occidental
with the football players. One player re
turned with his arm in a sling and a dis
located shoulder, but he was on tbe victorious
side and didn't complain.
AN AUTUMN NIGHT.
Some things are good on autumn nights,
When with the storm the forest fights, •
An 1 in the room the heaped hearth lights
Old-fashioned press and rafter; .
Plump chestnuts hiss n« in the heat,'
A mug of cider, sharp and sweet, j
And at your side a face petite
With lips of laughter. ; •• ■■•-■
Upon the roof the rolling rain. 5 ■
And tapping at the window pane, -
The wind, that seems a witch's cane . .
That summons spells together;
A hand wltliln your own a while, :
A mouth reflecting bacK your smile.
And eyes, two 1 ars, wlioie beams exile
All thoughts of weather.
And while the wind lulls, still to ait
And watch her fire-lit needles flit , . .
A-koltllriK. and to feel h.r knit
Your very heartstrings In it:
Then, when the old clock ticks 'Us late, ■+ , ; -.<
10 rise, and at the mot to wait
Three words, or at the parJt-n gate ,
A kissini: ininu:o. ' -
il a jiisu.v Cawkin. in the Century,
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"Yonr hair is getting rather gray, sir."
"I should think it would; aren't you nearly
finished?"— New York Truth.
Appreciated— "Wasn't that dinner we Just
had grta*.?' 1
"Elegant! I don't know when I have felt so
uncomfortable."— Brooklyn Life.
"What a flatterer you are to tell her the
speaks French without the least accent."
"Why, of course, dear — without the least
French accent."— New York Truth.
Drummer— ls there any place where I can
hang up hert?
Wild-Eyed Willie — Whadger want? Pawn
broker or th' wigilint committee?— Town Top
ics.
Sageman— That waiter's hand always re
minds me of a racehorse shortly after the be
ginning ot a race.
Seeker— And for what reason, pray?
Sageman— Because it's on the quarter stretch.
Boston Courier.
An Expert Cyclist— Briter has been learning
to ride a bicycle; he bought on the installment
plan.
"How Is he getting on?"
"First-rate. The company hasn't been able
to catch him."— Spare Moments.
"Where are you working, Mary?"
"Ain't workin' nov.-heres. I am in business
for myself. I got a couple dozen ladies that
pays me a quarter a week to come around and
ask 'em for a place, and it makes the hired
girl they got mad and she won't leave."—Cin
cinnati Enquirer. ■
Music Teacher (to pupil with a somewhat un
educated mother)— Pause here.
Mrs. Suddenwealth (the mother)— Mary, get
your hat immejitly. I ain't payin' to have no
woman learn my darter who hain't got no
better bringin' -up than to call hands paws 1 —
Texas sittings.
"Why did I try to steal the sacred fire?"
repeated Prometheus, sadly. "If you'd erer
lived in a uaihouse with a janitor and
steam h9at — "
Once again did the hoary hand of the past
grasp the hand of the present across the abyss
of eons.— New York Press.
The tall man with the literary stoop in his
shoulders broke the silence.
"The average native of Porto Rico," he be
gan, "is so large that he will fill a good-sized
hogshead."
A loud protest went up from the loungers in
front of the postofhee. The tall man cleared
his throat again.
"I ought to add," he said, in a softened
ton«, "that he will fill the hogshead with
dark brown molasses."
Whereupon, the hour for dinner having ar
rived, the house adjourned until 2p.m. with
| out ceremony.— New York World,
"EXAMINER" METHODS.
">o Caricature 2\>o Coarse, Ao Cartoon
Too indecent."
San Francisco Argonant, Nov. 9.
Among the many gratifying things in
this election, not the least is the utter dis
comfiture of the kind of journalism prac
ticed by the New York Journal and San
Francisco Examiner. From the very be
ginning of the campaign, the methods of
those two papers have been inde ensible.
There was no party slander too mean, no
campaign calumny too vile for them to
publish. There was no caricature too
coarse, no cartoon too indecent for them
to print. Their attacks on McKinley,
Hanna, Reed and other leading Republi
cans have been so vicious and so vile that
they have made even Democrats ashamed.
That they have been a power in the recent
campaign cannot be denied— but it was a
power that worked the reverse way. They
made thousands of votes for the Republi
cans by their ruffianly methods. San
Francisco generally coes Democratic, but
under the influence of the Examiner she
went for McKinley. Mr. Hearst came out
of the West to regenerate New York and
instill into her pure Democracy and free
silverism. New York always goes sweep
ingly Democratic, but under the influence
of Mr. Hearst's Democratic teachings and
new journalistic methods, she went
sweepingly Republican. If Mr. Hearst
wants to be a power in journalism, we ad
vise him to change his methods.
BACKING UP ADVERTISE
MENTS.
Why Three-Tenth* of the Advertising
fails.
Business men as a rule expect too much of
their advertising. Advertising by itself does
not sell goods. It is simply the connecting
link between buyer and seller. When it has
brought the customer to the door its work is
done. If the prospective buyer is not well
looked after when he reaches the store the ad
vertising will show loss.
There ia no factor more important in trade
than the salesman. A careless, ten-dollar-a
week salesman can kill the effect of thousands
of dollars* worth of ihe very best advertising.
I know of half a dozen stores in this City
who are continually advertising "tremendous
bargains," "genuine values," etc. When a
customer inquires for any of the articles ad
vertised the clerk will first make a determined
effort to sell something higher-priced. If per
sistently arced he will anally show the arti
cles, but with a remark that the goods are of a
very poor quality, would not suit the pur
chaser, etc. Should the customer insist upon
purchasing the cheap article, the disgust of
the clerk ia apparent, and tee buyer is made
to feel that it was something to be ashamed of
to desire to purchase any thiug cheap.
Xot long since I was in a store watching the
progress of a special sale. Piled upon a coun
ter near the dcor were a number of articles of
wearing apparel, slightly damaged, which had
been that day advertised. A prospective buyer
who had been attracted by the advertising
came in and stood looking over the articles for
some moments, then stepping over to the floor
walker, he asked if they Lad any similar arti
cles not damaged at about the same price. The
question, a periectly civil and reasonable one,
was received as though it conveyed a deadly
insult, and the flippant answer, "Of course
not; do you want the earth?" was hardly sat
isfactory to the would-be customer, and of
course he turned away never to return.
I know a man who went into a shoestore in
this city lust week, where three clerks were
"busy" (?) telling lunny stories in the rear.
After waiting for five minutes, one of the
clerks came forward and asked if anything
was wanted. While the "trying on" process
Whs in progress, a friend of the clerk's came in
and the customer was left to his own reflec
tions for another five minutes, while social
topics were discussed by the "friends." This
man told me that no amount of advertising
would ever induce him to trade in that store
agaiu.
These are not Isolated instances; dozens of
similar cases could be named.
We read many advertisements which invite
us in beautiful language to "come in and look
around without thought of buying." Well,
now, you try that in San Francisco, and I will
guarantee that la the majority of cases if you
say you are "just looking 'round," you will be
treated like an interloper and made to feel
like one; and should your examination of
goods cause you to ask for information or as
sistance you will be made to feel "welcome
ana at home" by attention so grudgingly be
stowed that it borders on insult, to state it
mildly. And this is not an exaggerated state
ment, but a cold, bare fact.
Another point which militates greatly
against successful advertising is the, gener
ally, absolute indifference of clerks to the sub
stance of tbe firm's advertisements. Suppose
an advertisement brings a reader to the store;
he Bsks a pertinent question about the article
advertised. Should the salesman not be quick
and decisive with his answer, but hesitate or
possioly go to another salesman for help, he
immediately creates a suspicion in the mind
of the wouid-be buyer that the promises of the
advertisement are not to be carried out.
Salesmen should be constantly in touch with
the advertising of the firm they represent.
Nor are these drawbacks the only features
that advertising is looked to to overcome. 1
am frequently asked by business mea why re
tail advertising in San Francisco is not pro
ductive of as quick returns as in other cities.
I believe we have not far to go to find the rea
son. We are simply suffering from an over
dose of "faking. 11
Time was, and not very long ago, when the
extravagant expressions "cost," ''below cost,"
"half price," etc., were the key to crowded
houses. Then the advertising was strictly
carried oat in the store. But unscrupulous
people took advantage of their neighbors' suc
cess und as soou as business was dull made
haste to put a "sale" ad in the paper and a
"sale" sign over the door, then sat down in
their offices to watch the "suckers" come in.
The prices in tbe store were not changed, and
in many instances eveu the window prices
were left the same.
Prices are published to-day with values at
tached that would have astonished Us several
years ago. Now they create scarcely any com
ment. People have learned from Bitter experi
ence that something cannot be given, and is
not given, for nothing. The consequence is
that faith in all advertising has been shaken.
The-legitimate merchants are suffering with
the "fakers." If people do not believe adver
tisements they will not answer them.
The remedy, I think, is to cut loose from
tremendous adjectives, come down to ordinary
every-day language aud to tell absolutely
nothing but the truth. That famous Abe Lin
coln-ism is as true to-day as the day it was
uttered— "No success can be lasting that is not
established on a solid basis."
Clement Wildeb.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
It is said that during the last thirty-three
years the Prince of Wales has spent $5,000,
-000,000. And yet they say he is restless and
unsatisfied.
Lieutenant Dan Godfrey, the bandmaster of
the British Grenadier Guards, though he will
soon reach the age of retirement, 65 years, is
to be retained in his place.
The Scribncrs are to bring out a complete
edition of KiDllncr's stories and poems, illus
trated by the author's father. There will be
eleven volumes in tfce authorized edition.
The Prince of Monaco recently announced to
the Paris Academy of Science that last month
he discovered a bank nfty-Hve kilometers long,
and situated ninety kilometers south of the
Azores Archipelago. Ue named the bank after
Princess Alice.
Senator George Gray of Delaware resigns
from the Democratic ticket as a candidate for
delegate to the constitutional conventiou to
be held in that State, partly because the Sen
ate will probably be ia session while the con
vention is being held, and partly because oi
the condition of his health.
Sir Edmund Monson, the new British Em
bassador to France, and Sir Horace Rumbold,
who takes his place at Vienna, both served an
apprenticeship at Washington. The latter was
attache to the embassy from 1849 to 1852,
while the former was private secretary to
Lord Lyons from 1858 to 1863.
Not long ago the Pope received the sfarquis
de Stacpoole at a private audience. On hear
ing that the late Marquis de Stacpoole was
only 67 at the time of his death Leo ex
claimed: "Only 67! How young! I am 86, you
know, and I don't think there is any reason
why I should not live to be 96."
Before Dv Maurier's fatal illness the Harpers
sent to him a copy of Astronomer Percival
Lowell's series of papers on the physical as
pects of Mars. Dv Maurier wrote in reply that
he had used his own romantic notions con
cerning that planet in "The Martian," and
that the physical features of Mars were dis
creetly left to the reader's imagination.
A plunge of eighty feet eight and one-half
inches was made in one minute thirty-eight
seconds in the contest for the English plung
ing championship by Mr. W. Allason. This
beats the record by over five feet. There
is a time limit of one minute, however, in the
championship competition, which Mr. Allason
won, hi* plunge of seventy-three feet lour
inches in that time being also a record.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Tennyson— A. S., City. Lord Tennyson, poet
laureate, died on the Gth of October, 1892.
Ecchre— D. O'D'S.. Oakland, CaL The rule
for scoring in euchre is that if a lone hand
wins all five tricks he scores four. If he win 3
three tricks he scores one, but if he falls to
wi^i three tricks the adversary scores two.
Gold in 1895— C. J. P., City. The amount of
gold produced in the United States during
1895 was valued at $4(5.610,000. The amount
of gold coined in tne United States for the fis
cal year ending June 30, 1895, was $49,933,
-475.
Chinese in the NAVY-Curloslty, City, Cal.
Chinese cooks and servants have been em
ployed on many vessels of the United States
navy. Those who have charge of the matter
of emnloving such ought to have sufficient
patriotism to give such employment to Amer
ican citizen's.
Brewers' Marks— W. W., City. The mark X
on barrels of beer is the metfiod of Imitating
the original Latin names for the varying de
grees 01 strength:
Simplex— Which Is single X or X.
Duplex— Which is double X or XX.
Triplex— Which is triple X or XXX.
A Bjll op Sale— A. F., City. If a person pur
chases a place of business he is not required to
have the bill of sale recorded at the Recorder's
office, but he ran do so lor his own security in
case of loss of the original. The fact that such
a bill is not recorded does not bind the pur
chaser to pay the debts contracted by the
former owner of the business.
Amount of Legal Tender— H. D., City. A
merchant cannot refuse to accept standard
dollars to any amount in payment of a bill of
goods sold, unless at the time ot the sale he
stipulated that the payment should be made
in gold. In this country a merchant Is not re
quired to receive coppers in payment of a bill
when the amount tendered exceeds 25 cents.
Lithography— S. P. S., Winters, Yolo County,
Cal. There are several lithographic establish
ments in the City of San Francisco, but this
department will not advertise them. Had
this correspondent signed his name, instead of
only his initials, he would have received an
answer by wail, but he, like others who are
afraid to sign their names to letters of inquiry,
must not feel disappointed if the information
asked for is not furnished.
Docks— H. P. W., Seattle, Wash. The dry
dock at Hunters Point, fau Francisco, will
admit vessels of 22}^ feet draught. The Mer
chants' drydock (floating) will receive vessels
that have a draught of sixteen feet; the dock
at the Union Iron Works will receive vessels
of seventeen feet draught. There is no dry
dock at the Fulton Iron Works. The only
other floatins dock in the bay of San Fran
cisco besides the Merchants' is' the one at the
Union Iron Works.
Casino— o. S. H., Nevada City, Cal. The
rule in casino Is that a player cannot ouild
from the table. For instance: If a seven and
two are upon the table and a player puts an
ace upon them calling it eight, his opponent
cannot employ another two upon the table to
build it up to ten. If A and C are partners
and A plays a card and makes a build 01" four
teen, B his opDonent plays a six, C, who is A's
partner, cannot take that six and place it ou
an eight on the table aud call it fourteen.
El Dorado— Questioner, Ignacio, Marin
County, Cal. El Dorado (Spanish) has been ap
plied to man and place. It has been inter
preted to mean "the golden city." Milton in
"Paradise Lost" says :
Ouiana, whose great city Greyson's sons
Call "JSI Dorado."
Tbe Muysca Indians of Bogota called each
new chief an l< Ei Dorado." It was customary
among those people at the time of the explora
tions in the sixteenth century for each new
chief, with his nnked body anointed with res
inous gums and covered' with gold dust, to
head a solemn procession to the Lake of Go
vita and to wash himself therein after much
impresMve ceremony. At the same time the
assembled savages cast into tbe lake gold
trinkets and precious stones, as offerings to
the Koddess of the lake, the drowned wife of a
former chieftain. The Spaniards applied the
name to any place that was supposed to be
fabulously rich in KOld, and they searched at
various times for an El Dorado in South Amer
ica, Mexico aud Florida in the United States.
Money— E. G. S., Lrvermore, Cal. A check is
a written order for money drawn on a bank or
private banker or bank cashier, payable to a
person named or to his order or to bearer. In
legal effect it in a bill of exchange. A certified
check is one that has been recognized by a
competent officer of a bank as a valid appro
priation of tbe amount of mouey specified
therein to the payee ana bearing the evidence
of such recognition. Notes issued by a Gov
ernment are recognized as money. Walker,
in his work on "Political Economy,' l
says: "Money is the medium of .ex
change. Whatever performs this func
tion or does this work, is money, no matter
what it is made of, and no matter how it came
to be a medium at first, or why it continued to
be such." In another work, "Money, Trade
and Industry," Walker says tha; mouey "is
that which passes freely from hand to hand
throughout the community in tinaldischarge of
debts and full payment for commodities, being
accepted without reference to the character or
credit of the person who offers it and without
the intention of the person who receives it to
consume it or enjoy it or apply it to any other
use than ir turn to tender it to others in dis
charge of debts or puyment (or commodities "'
The check of a private individual is an order
for money. When it is that of an individual
known to have a credit or balance at a solven t
bank and is used in payment of debts or the
purchase of commodities it is money. A check
not honored by payment is not money.
LADY'S SEVEN-GORED SKIRT.
The slight change in skirts consists of a nar
rowing of the front gore, and a decided mass
ing of the fullness ill back folds, the sides
beine very smooth at top, but flaring well, as
they have for some time past.
The one shown here has a front gore, one
side gore and four back gores, which are laid
in small box pleats at the top, or gathered,
making in all seven gores.
Plain skirts still predominate, though trim
ming is undoubtedly used.
Braiding at the sides of front breadth, or set
crosswise ut the foot of the iront breadth, ex
tending up the seams, is more used than any
other style, but bands of braid around entire
skirt are used, as well as braiding in pointed
designs taping toward the top, at every seam.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS
Rev. S. F. Moore, a Presbyterian missionary
In Korea during the last four years. Is at iho
Occidental Hotel with his wife and two srhnll^
children, en routs for nis old home in Chicaeo, 4 *^
having arrived here Saturday night on the Rio
from the Orient. "The work of the Christian
missionaries In Korea is very encouraging,"
said he yesterday. "The Chino-Japan war ha«
proved a help rather than a nindrance to the
spread of Christianity. The Korean Govern
ment lias passed some laws doing away with
the worship of idols, and has caused the de
struction ol certaiu wayside places of wor
ship—piles of stones and other monuments—
where the natives were wont to observe their
heathen rites, and where sorcerers prayed. Fe
male sorcerers have been forbidden to con
tinue business. The King is a progressive man,
and missionaries are permitted to preach all
over the country. Little congregations are
springing up here and there right along, but
there is still a great deal of heathenism left.
More advance has been made in the last two
years than in all the time preceding, for
Protestant missionaries have been in that
country but twelve yenrs. The Roman Catno
lies have been established there 100 years, and
they claim 80,000 converts. The Koreans are
perhaps more intelligent and receptive than
the Chinese, but ancestral worship is supreme
with them, and that is why it is difficult to
wean them from idolatry. They believe that
the man who will not sacrifice for an ancestor
has lost his reason, and they assert that the
Korean who embraces Christianity has done
so because of some drue administered by the
missionaries, causing him to become Insane."
Rev. Mr. Moore will return to Korea in a few
months to resume his work.
ONE WEEK OF PRAYER.
livery T. M. C. A. in the World Observ
ing These Seven Days.
All over the world wherever there is a
Y. M. C. A. this week is known and ob
served as a week ot prayer in accordance
with a custom established just thirty years
ago and followed every year since then.
Yesterday afternoon the local association
began the seven days of prayerfulness by
assembling in the Y. M. 0. A. auditorium
to listen to afi address by the Rev. Dr.
Marshal of Chicago, field secretary of the
Board of Foreign Missions of the Presby
terian Church, and to music by the Moody
quartet.
Every night this week the young men
will meet in the Association hall, corner of
Ellis and Mason streets, at 8 o'clock and
devote the evening to prayer. To-night
and to-morrow night the Moody quartet
will be with them to furnish additional
music. All the churches in the City will
also unite with the Christian young men
in this week of prayer.
During a long discourse, made up of
reminiscences of noted foreign mission
aries and their work, Dr. Marshal held the
interest of a large audience. He was for
merly a well-to-do clergyman and made a
tour of the world, inspecting: foreign mis
sions at his own expense. He returned to
this country greatly impressed by what he
had seen and determined to devote his en
tire attention to that particular field of
Christian work. Since then he has trav
eled extensively in his official capacity
and is now here, lecturing in the different
Presbyterian churches to raise funds.
He said yesterday that the first Chris
tian missionary went to China in 1807,
and after twenty-seven years of constant
labor, aided by other missionaries, it was
estimated that there were then six Chris
tians in Cliina. so slow was the work of
converting a people steeped in idolatry
and the traditions of their ancestors.
There are now 70,000 baptized Chinese
Christians, several hundred" ordained Chi
nese ministers of the gospel of Christ and
«n ever increasing corps of Christian
teachers, an ever expanding system of
Christian schools where young Chinese
are being educated.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs 2sc*
Special Information daily to manufacturers
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
Mrs. Farmer Jones— Does th' new hand know
all about mllkin', Silas ?
Farmer Jones— Pretty much; he used ter
work in a pump factory. — Judge.
Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad, Santa ",
route, will continue to run dally through fro-a
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to alt
points In the United States. Canada, Mexico >r
Europe. >xcnrsions through * Boston leava
every week. Ban Francisco ticket office. 64-1 Mar
ket street, Chronicle building, leiepaone urn.4,
1631: Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phillips' Lock Island Excursion*
Leave San Iranctsco every Wednesday, via Rl*
Grande and Hock • Island ways. Thron?J»
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and porters accompany these excursions to
Boston. or tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information address Clinton Joaas,
General ■ Agent Hock, .Island Hallway, t>o Aloa.'
gomery street, San Francisco
"Mrs. Wimlow'g Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with per
fect success. Jt sooihes tbe child, softens ihe gums,
allays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates :he Bowels
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from tee:h ing or other causes. .For sale by drag
gists In every part of the world. B9 sure and aat
for Mrs. Wins'.ow'a Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottie.
Coroxapo.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Kound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, Including fifteen days' board at ihe Hotel del
Coronado, f 65 : longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 Mew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
.Neither Calomel nor any other deleterious
drug enters into the composition of Acer's Fills.
A safe family medicine.
Mrs. Grumpey— Why don't wives rise up aDd
make their husbands stand around?
Grumpey— Because men never propose to
that kind of women.— Detroit Free Press.
'_ __ _ NEW TO-DAT-
Matchless
Prices
CROCKERY, CHINA, GLASSWARE.
xaxixTHMiaxi. *& tan 7C
SET OS* ■■£*'■ **
XOO 3E=»X33O3E3S *&> #
Very Pretty Light Blue Colors.
- These Sets , .
Al^^^ ly $12.50
Running 100 Stores
Enables Us to Save' You the
DIFFERENCE. ■
Come to cur stores see them,
You can then be THE JUDGE.
■ Great American Imp prtin^ Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market St. ' 146 Ninth st.
2510 .Mission St. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. , 2008 Pillmore at.
617 Kearny st. . ... 963 Market st. > :
1410 Polk St. . 3006 Sixteenth st. #
■21 Montgomery SvM. 104 Second at. f
333 Hayes st. 3235 Mission st. '
.53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. '
1053 Washington st. ; 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broad oakUn4 -
■\ • ; 1355 Park st., Alameda.
HANDSOME PRESENTS GIVEN
- AWAY,MONDAY NOVK.MBKR 9, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Tnamvst Thiatke.- "The Little Trooper."
Califobnia Theater-- "Darkest Rues a "
Columbia THKATKB--Hendrick Hudson Jr." |
• Mokosco's Opeka-Hocse— -The Minute Men
Of 1774-75."
Tivoli opera HorsK.— "The Gypsy Baron."
. » Cephkjm- H!c'--Cla«» Vandevt!!.
. , .alcazar Thkatkb.- .- "Heaping the Harvest. '
N*\v BrsH btrekt Teeateb.— T. A. Kennedy,
the Hypnotist.
Metropolitan Temple.- Piano Recital, Tues-
. day evening, .November 10.
fcCTBo I.a ■ us— linthlne nn<l performance*.
The Chutes and Skatino Rink.— Dally at
11 night street, oue block east of the Park.
1 ACii-ic Coast Joc-kky Ci.tTß.— Races.
* / AUCTION SALES.
Cook * Co.— day. November 9, China-
ware, »i 188 Kearny su, at 10:45 o'clock.
Iv p. Faech— This day (Monday), Furniture,
at 319-321 Sutter street, at 10:30 o'clock.
By Fbascjc.W. £i;ttkkfiei.t^-Tlils day (Mon-
day), Notions, etc., at 1828 Market St., at a o'clock
Fv Kij.lip & Co.— Thursday. November . 12,
. Horses, at Van Ness avenue and Market bis.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Signal Corps was out for a mounted drill
• yesterday.
Blockette won first money at Ingleside Cours
ing Park yesterday. ' • ■ >
Steps have been taken in the direction of
lighting Golden Gate Part.
■ A big coursing meeting will be held at Ocean
View Park ou Sunday next.
The opening of the enlarged museum in the
.park has again been postponed.
I A section of Golden Gate Park will be planted
with madrono and holly and add to its attract
iveness.
Colonel Young, Fourth Cavalry, is coming in
from Madera to inspect cavalry horses at the
Presidio.
< The Weather Bureau forecasts rain this
• morning, followed by clearer but colder
" weather.
Attorney Ervin T. Case died at the Receiving
Hospital yesterday morning from a stroke of
• apoplexy." \; v .
The Helpers' Home, a charitable organiza
tion, is about to be moved lrom 20 Essex street
to 410 First.
The Tults-Lyons ball team won the trophy
! yesterday, defeating the Nevada Stars by a
score of 14 to 3.
Mrs. Catherine Quigley died last evening
"from injuries sustained in a fall downstairs
last Wednesday.
The San Franciscos defeated the Imperials
yesterday at the League ball grounds by a
score of 10 to 3.
. The Shinglers' Union announces that it does
not take part in politics and does not join In
political parades.
A new road lias been built across Golden
Gate Park from Point Lo bos avenue at Twenty
fourth to the south drive. . •
Rev. Dr. Case preached at the Howard-street
Methodist Church last night on the subject:
"After the Election, What 1"
The regular routine of artillery instruction
has been resumed at Alcatraz, Angel Island,
Fort Mason and the Presidio.
J. Munsell Cnase, a well-Known municipal
reformer, gives his views as to how an ac
• ceptable charter could be adoDted.
William Mooser, the pioneer architect, who
died Friday at his residence. 2709 Pierce
, street, will be buried at 10 o'clock to-day. ,
Rev. Oliver C. Miller of the Church of the
Holy Spirit nreached yesterday upon the 4 loth
anniversary of the birth of Martin Luther.
Some mysterious circumstances in connec
tion with the death of the young attorney
Michael Seeligsohn remain to be cleared up.
The British ship Amarapooru, which is to be
run in opposition to the Hunnngton line to
Central American ports, arrived in yesterday.
The San Francisco Fusileers' Mutual Benefit
Fund held its twenty-fifth anniversary ball
. and benefit on Friday evening in California
. Hall. B&gg
Several interesting games were played in
the handball courts yesterday, including a
number in the tournament at the Olympic
court. .. t . .•^/'--.r;^-'- ».'.-'• ..: ..;■.... .:
Horace W. Philbrook Is engaged in the prep
aration of a petition to the supreme Court for
a rehearing of the case of Raukin against Wil
liam Newman.
.Tom Sharkey has a mascot, a handsome
I white bull terrier, that has become his con
stant companion in the training quarters at
the ocean beach.
The State Miners' Association will convene
in Odd Fellows' Hall to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock, at which questions of importance will
be dealt with by the delegates.
A private shooting-match between J. Woll
mer and Emil Wenne of the California Schuet
zen Club was decided yesterday in favor of the
former, who won by sixty-seven rings.
§The emergency call of the National Guard of
JCalifornia may be issued next Saturday even
ing. A bivouac of the Mrst Brigade, Southern
California, will take place that evening.
Rev. John Hemphill, pastor of Calvary Pres
byterian Church, who has been on a two
. months' tour to Europe, yesterday addressed :
his congregation lor the nrst time since his
return.
The "five-minute" sermon of the Pauli=ts!at
St. Mary's Church, on California street, yester
day, was unusually interesting. It explained
the pious Catholic custom of blessing with the
sign of the cross. : ■;■
Captain Lynn of the British [ship Glencona,
which dropped anchor in the bay yesterday
aiternoon, claims to have sailed from Yoko
hama in twenty-one days, beating the Andel
ana'e time three days'.
Charles Lane, 19 years of age, living at 719
Willow avenue, was arrested yesterday on the
charge of burglary for having entered the
grocery of ii. Meyers, Eddy and Buchanan
• streets, and stolen $20 from the till.
Secretary Welch of the Society for the Pre
. vention of Cruelty to Children iast night ar
rested a Mexican woman named Mrs. Joaquin
Sanchez, whom he found wandering about in
the storm with two small children in charge.
The challenge of the First Infantry regiment
of the National Guard of California to the
Hawaiian National Guard ha« been accepted.
Each organization will select 100 men to shoot
for trophy. The match will take place in
January next.
The Hinrichs- Beel concert was given in the
Baldwin Theater last evening. There was not
a Urge audience present owing to the threat
ening weather, but those who were there en
. joyed an excellent programme, well and artis
tically rendered.
Charles R. Shaw, a member of the Salvation
, Army, white intoxicated yesterday morning
at a prayer meeting at the army headquarters,
pulled out a revolver, and during a struggle
for- its possession, P. G. Schipper had his
thumb nearly blown off. <
The week of prayer, observed annually all
over the world by the Y. M. C. A. according to
a custom inaugurated just thirty years ago,
• was begun yesterday by the local association
members in their auditorium and will con
tinue every night through the week.
The closing services in this City with the
Moody Institute Quartet will be held this
evening and to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock at
the Association building, corner of Mason and
Ellis streets. These meetings will be for young
men only. To-morrow afternoon at 3 o'clock
the quartet will give a sacred concert, which
will oe free to both ladies and gentlemen
There will also be interesting addresses and
other exercises. -
j:_. J. anew TO-DAY."
dfr
IF A l '$% \
BECOMES H^Bf I
Inflammation V^H^^^EE' 'it*
and Irritation Vjjw y^/ " jjflf " I
Eet in causing tK^^t -«^^>
i PIMPLES .
■ Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
\^ falling hair. Tho only preventive is . ' :
CUTICURA SOAP
because the only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Pores. •
6«1« greater th»n the combined lalet of an other ikla ;
«nd complexion rapt, Bold throughout th« world.
Pottbb Dni 4? D C"km. Co«p.. Hoi* Prop*.. Bonten. I-
-9T tend for " How to Piereal FtcUl B Jeaiiito*," tret.
OPPOSITION TO
CENTRAL AMERICA
First Steamship of a New
Line Has Arrived
in Port.
The Amarapcora Has a Heavy
Cargo on Her First Com
peting Voyage.
CAPTAIN CAMERON'S YARN
Tbe Sealing Ship Glencona Drops
Anchor in Harbor 21 Days From
Yokohama.
It was misty and thick outside the
heads, and also inside, yesterday after
noon. A number of vessels which pre
ferred to square away for the Golden Gate
under sail instead of tying up to a tug
stood off shore waiting for clear weather
and favorable wind. Among these is the
bark Canada, which for the last twenty
four hours nas found safety in plenty of
sea room.
An arrival of widespread interest to the
Pacific Coast, as well as to the water front,
yesterday, was that of the steamship
Amarapoora, Captain Cameron, which tied
up at pier 27 at the foot of Lombard street
at 4 o'clock in tne afternoon. The Amara
poora represents the line to Central Amer
ican ports in opposition to the Hunting
ton steamers. Stie came in from Puget
Sound ports to finish her cargo, and from
the mountains of freight, comprising
everything from railroad freight cars to
boxes of crackers, piled up an the pier
shed she will be able to finish her cargo
all rig>it, and make the first trip, so iar as
cargo is concerned, a successful one. The
Amarapoora was put on this run to divide
the business and make the cold perspira
tion stand out on the strong box of the
Huntington liners.
The Amarapoora is a British tramp iron
steamer of leviathan proportions. She
looks built and equipped to ride any sea
stiffly and gracefully, broadside on, and
she looks big enough to ride tne turbu
lent ocean with hea i to the sea, as stately
and unshaken as Telegraph Hill. This
ship has never been into San Franci>co
harbor before, it is said. She put into
Puget Sound, hailing from Japan.
Captain Cameron's mental condition as
to Pacific Coast newspapers is in about
the tame state as cow's milk after a storm.
A sheet at Tacoma, with more respect for
enterprise than facts, published, soon
after Captain Cameron dropped anchor off
the foot of Pacific avenue, a story to the
effect that there had been a semi- mutiny
aboard the Amarapoora on the cruise from
the Flowery Kingdom, and that a part of
the crew was in irons. About this Cap
tain Cameron -an!:
"The story was totally false. I did not
read the newspaper, but I could not avoid
hearing about it. If I could nave pot hold
of the ruan who published that yafn I'd
hare keel-hauled him or knocked him
into a cocked-hat. A day or two later
when one of them asked me how big this
ship is, I told him she was four miles
long, her speed 150 miles an hour and that
she carries nothing but gold and silver."
Then the captain cnuckied softly to him
self, and added that tbe Amarapoora has
accommodations for forty cabin passen-
gers.
The British ship Glencona, Captain
Lynn, seventy-one oaya from Singapore,
was towed in yesterday afternoon. She is
in ballast and consigned to E. C. Evans.
While coming in Captain Lynn read in a
newspaper about the ship Ar.delana maK
ing the passage from Yokohama in
twenty-four days, which is coupidered
very fast time for a sailer.
He claimed to have beaten the Andelana
out of sight, stating that twenty-one days
ago he was off Yokohama. Captain Lynn
neglected to get a bill of health at Singa
pore, and there will on that account be
some delay at least in his entering the
Custom-house here. Health Officer Dr.
Blue said yesterday that he found the
ship ail right, and that he could give the
captain a pratique. Subsequently the
captain must settle with the Collector of
Customs.
The ship L. G. Burgess will go to Oak
land to-day. She will De tbe first ship to
tie up at the new coal bunkers up Oakland
creek.
Thomas P. Ryan, a politician and ex
corporal of the police lorce of this City
who was stationed on the water front for
a nutiib.fr of years, died of heart failure
November 1, and was buried from his late
residence, 160J Mission street, last Tues
day in Hoiy Cross Cemetery. He was 50
years old, and resided in this City since he
was a small boy. A widow an.i six chil
dren, one son and five daughters, sur
vive him.
NO VALUABLES FOUND,
Mysterious Disapp2arance of
Mr. Seeligsohn's Watch
and Diamonds.
But the Autopsy Shows Asphyxiation
by Submersion and No Mark
of Violence.
Some myterious circumstances sur
rounding the death of the young attorney,
Michael Seeligsohn, whose body was
found floating in the bay uear Goat Island
la«t Saiurday evening by yachtsmen, yet
remains to be cleared up.
The young man habitually wore a dia
mond ring, a diamond stud, and carried a
gold watch and chain. When the body
was recovered all that was found on it
was a pocket-knife, two white metal cases
and one or two other pocket trinkets. He
was also known to have a sum of money.
The fact that all the valuables are missing
supports the claim of the family and
friends of the deceased that he met with
foul play.
Last evening Mr. Simon, his brother-in
law, and Abe Seeligsohn, bis brother, re
fused to see reporters or further discuss
the case. It was stated for them that there
were no new developments in the case.
The autopsy was held yesterday at the
Morgue by Autopsy Physician Morgan. It
showed asphyxiation by submersion.
There were no visible marts of violence
on the body. The Dody has been in the
water such a length of time that it would
be difficult to hnd such marks. The
Morcuo officials are still inclined to think
the case was one of suicide. One of the
main facts to support thi- theory is that
the pockets of the clothing of the deceased
were found loaded with rocks, apparently
for the purpose of insuring singing.
The rooms of the deceased at 309 Powell
street have not yet been searched. No
letters, however, were left there by the
young attorney. Mr. Cobnreich, the pro
prietor, said last evening that Seelizsohn
was m good circumstances, usually in
good spirits, a young man of fine charac
ter, not given to dissiDation, and . that it
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
■was impossible for him to believe he com
mitted suicide.
Dr. Trask, who treated Sepligsohn for a
hoarseness of the voice, says he was incor
rectly reported by a morning paper in
making him say that he had noticed aber
ration of mind in the young attorney.
THE CITY THEATERS.
There Will Be Many Attractions for
Those Who Want to Go to the
Playhouses To-Xight.
At the Baldwin Theater, where tbe
legitimate drama held sway for some time,
opera comique will be offered this evening.
Delia Fox with her company of artists will
open with "The Little Trooper," an adap
tation from the French by Clay M. Greene,
and present attractive music.
At the California Theater there will be
placed on the boards "Darkest Russia," a
romance of the Czar's realm, in which will
be shown many thrilling scenes of Rus
sian life. The announcement is made that
the play "is vivid in color and stirring in
plot." _______
There is a promise of a great deal of en
joyment for those who will visit tbe Co
lumbia Theater this evening. 'The Peer
less Coriniirt," as she is designated, will
appear with a new company in ".Hendrick
Hudson Jr.," r.n extravaganza in which
sixty persons will take part.
"Reaping the Harvest" will be the at
traction at the Alcazar Theater this even
ing. This is a play by Hamilton, the
Ah Soong Gets the First American Passport Ever Granted a Chinese.
adapter of "Moths," that a critic has de
scribed as "a Btory told in tears." It is
said to be very effective, and while tearful
is relieved with much good comedy.
At Morosco's Grand Opera-house there
will be offered a patriotic play called "The
Minute-men of 1774 and 1775," ir. which
Victory Buteman will appear, supported
by Leslie Morosco, who has always been a
great favorite at this house. There is
much love in the play.
"The Gypsy Baron." by the younger
Strauss, is what the management of the
Tivoli Opera-house will offer its patrons
to-night. Lilly Post is cast for the char
acter of Safti, the gypsy girl, and Rhys
T.omts will take the part of Sandor Ba
rinicay, an exile (the Baron).
Among the many attractions to be of
fered at the Orpheum to-night there is one
from Europe known as "The Lavater Hog
Orchestra," the Quaker City Quartet, Nel
son, Ginseretti and Delmonico, acrobats,
and a number of other specialty artists.
Arion, who rides a trolley wire at night
many feet above the ground, ia still the
attraction at the Chutes. The skating
rink that has been opened but a week ia
well patronized and is a splendid place for
all who are fond of roller skating.
Professor Kennedy, the mesmerist, or
hypnotist, as be is called, will give one of
his laugh-making exhibitions at the Bush
street this evening. Whatever may be
thought of the result of Kennedy's linger
ing of bis subjects, it is amusing.
At the Baldwin Theater next Friday
afternoon Messrs. Hinrichs and Beel will
give their final symphony concert, nt
which will be rendered numbers by Gade,
Tschaikowsky, Macdowell, Bach-Aibert,
fcvensden, etc.
«. ♦ — •
The vital spark in tortoises is very
strong. There is a recent record of a tor
toise which lived six months after its
brains had been removed. Another which
had suffered decapitation showed life in
the severed head three days afterward.
•—• — ♦ — •
Trunk! Moved 25 Centi.
Commercial Transfer Company, 43 Sutter st.
Tel, main 49. Furniture moved reasonably.*
AH SOONG GETS
HIS PASSPORT
The First Chinese-Ameri
can to Be Thus
Honored.
He Was Born in California and
Is Proud of His Native
Land.
HAS LONG BEEN IN THE NAVY.
The Mongo: Bears Flattering Letters
From Rear-Admirals Irwin
and Belknap.
The Orst passport ever issued to a Ohi-
nese American citizen came to Ah Soong
through Notary Public Lyons yesterday,
and Ah Soong is to-day the happiest Mon
gol In San Franci3co.
Soong was born in California and bears
letters of recommendation from Rear-
Adniiral John Irwin and from Rear-
Admiral Belknap, whose personal attend
ant he has been for years.
Rear-Admiral Beiknap found Ah Soong
indispensable to the service at Yokohama
because he speaks Chinese and Japanese
fluently and reads and writes English
without hesitation.
The passport reads as follows:
United States of America. \
ukpaktment of state. j
To all to whom these presents thall come, greet
ing: Tne undesigned, secretary oi State of
the United States of America, hereby requests
ail whom it may concern to permit Ah Soonfr,
a citizen of the United States, safely and freely
to pats and in case of need to give him all
lawful aid and protection.
Given under my hand and the seal of the
Department of State, etc. '
Richard Olney.
LUTHER'S ANNIVERSARY.
Rev. Oliver C. Miller «>f the Church of
the Holy Spirit on the Reformer.
Yesterday the four hundred and thir
teenth anniversary of the birth of
Martin Luther was observed in an appro
priate manner at the Lutheran Church of
the Holy Spirit, Jackson street near
Buchanan. Rev. Oliver C. Miller preached
an appropriate sermon on the life of the
great icformer. He quoted Luther as say
inp that the strength of a nation was not
in its armies and Jortifications, but in the
integrity and uprightness of the people.
He s.iiu that Luther belonged to all
Christendom and he himself sorrowed
that his own name should bo given to any
particular church. The Augsburg confes
sion had become the basis of all the Prot
estant churcnes and could not possibly ad
mit of that narrow interpretation eiven it
by some zealous Lutherans and higo
churchmen.
Police Nominations.
At the monthly meeting of the Widows and
Orphans' Aid Association of the Police Depart
ment, held la Judge Joachlmsen's court yes.
terday afternoon, nominations for officers for
next year were made. Captain Splllßne was
nominated as president, Lieutenant Burke as
vice-president, Charles M. Janes as recording
secretary, S. H. Rankin as financial secretary
and Sergeant John Duncan as treasurer. For
these offices there was no opposition. For
trustees, live to be elected, fourteen nomina
tions were made.
RED MEN AT THE BAT.
Two Tribes Mix Up in a Lively Game
of Baseball.
The Kiowa and Osceola Tribes of the In
dependent Order of Red Men met yester
day afternoon in a friendly game of base
ball at the Presidio Athletic grounds.
The game was called at the close of the
seventh inning on account of darkness
and rain.
Following is the list of players and the
runs made by each individual:
Kiowas — Gabriel 1, Roos 2, Levingston
3, Cunningham 1, S. Jones 3, Darcy 3. Pei
ser 2, Peckerman 1, Davis 3. Total, 19.
Osceolas— Phillips 2, Hall 2, Roche 2,
Seymour 2, Swan 2, Barron 2, J. Jones 3,
Gans 2, Sweeney 1. Total, 18. X
DEATH FROM A FALL.
Mr*. Catherine Quigley Dies From
Injuries Received Last Wednesday.
Mrs. Catherine Quigley, a widow 65
years of age, died in' her home, 7 Verona
street near Third, from the result of in
juries sustained in a iall down a flight of
stairs last Wednesday. Dr. Rottanzi was
called to attend the injured woman, and
at first it was thought she would recover.
She had sustained serious internal in
juries, however, and all treatment proved
without avail. The case was reported to
the Coroner's office, but as death resulted
solely from the result of the accident an
inquest was waived.
MANY YEARS IN SERVICE
Twenty-Filth Anniversary of
the San Francisco
Fusileers.
The Quarter of a Century Veterans
Were Presented With Tokens of
High Esteem.
The twenty-fifth anniversary, banquet
and ball of the San Francisco Fu?ileers'
Mutual Benefit Fund was held on Friday
evening at California Hall. The San
Francisco Fusileers, Second Itesiment of
Infantry, N. G. C, was organized on No
vember 6, 1871. On June 1, 1881, it was re
organized as the San Francisco Fusileers,
Battery C, Second Regiment of Artillery,
N. G. C. Again on December 7, 1895, an
other change took pJace and the old com
pany became the San Francisco Fusileers,
Company I, Sixth Infantry Batallion, N.
G. C. The last change was made two
days after the last date and the body be
came simply Company 1, First Infantry
Regiment, N. G. C.
Through all these changes the members
have held together and several years ago
they formed a beneficiary auxiliary to the
body known as the Mutual Benefit Fund.
It is the custom to meet once a year and
have a pood time as In former days and
such was the nature of the last anniver
sary reunion. At the banquet table every
thing that could tempt the appetite was
to be found. The opening remarks were
made by Major A. Huber and the toast
"The Steamship Fearless" was responded
to by Captain L. Siebe. Charles Thier
bach responded to "The Benefit Fund"
anl Major Charles Boxton to "The
Ladies."
There was a delightful treat in store for
a number of the old veterans, those who
had served in the company for tbe full
twenty-five years. Th-se w'ers Captain L.
Siebe. Lieutenant David Schoenfieid, Her
man Paulsen, D. Duuker, Charles Thier
bach, D. Behrens. John Hoss, August
Brume and John D, Siebe.
Kach was presented with a beautiful
gold watch charm emblematic of the Fu
sileers. Major Charles Boxton was also
well remembered. He was presented with
a beautiful sword, belt and spur?. After
tbe presentation and the banquet the com
pany and its guests en joyed a dance, which
lasted until a late hour. The affair was
under the direction of the following gen
tlemen:
Committee of arrangements— President, Cap
tain L. Siebe; vice-president, L. liingen; secre
tary, LieuU-nant W. H. Tobin; treasurer. Lieu
tenant H. lluber; A. H. Ahlborn, Major A.
Huber, W. C. Meyer, 11. Mathewson, F. K.
Moore, H. Paulsen, J. H. Peteri, Lieutenant D.
Schonfetd, C. Thierbach, J. Wildermuth, Lieu
tenant Ob Lemcke.
Floor manager. Lieutenant W. 11. Tobin.
Reception committee — Major A. lluber,
Lieutenant H. Huber, A. 11. Ahlborn, 11.
Mathewson. H. Paulsen.
Refreshment committee— Captain L. Siebe,
Lieutenant 0. Lemcke, Lieutenant D. Schon
feld, J. Wildermuth, W. C. Meyer.
Floor committee— F. K. Moore, J. H. Peteri,
L. C. Ringen, C. Thierbach.
•—• — ♦ — «
STRICKEN WITH APOPLEXY.
Death of Judge Krwin T. Cage at the
Keceiving Hospital.
An old gentleman was picked up on
FranKlin and Sacramento streets Friday
night by Policeman Charleston. He was
in a dazed condition. He was sent in the
patrol wagon to the City Prison, where he
cave hia name as Erwin T. Case, an attor
ney.
As he did not seem to recover, Serjeant
Bidwell sent him to the Receiving Hospi
tal Saturday morning, and it was at once
seen that he was suffering from a stroke
of apoplexy. He died yesterday morning.
The deceased was an ex-judge and lived
at 1723 Clay street. He was 57 years of
&ne and leaves a son, who is an attorney,
and two daughters, one a physician and
the other a nurse. They did not know
what had become of him till they learned
that his body was in the morgue.
A woman's corset, worn with only the
average degree of tightness, exerts a
pressure of forty pounds on the organs it
compresses.
NEW TO-DAY^-
-----~~~~~^ '" x ' — L-^a^T
So GOOD furniture is too
expensive, you think ?
We'll have to talk price
a. while for your benefit.
Notice this table : Solidly
built; legs are 5 inches thick,
heavily turned and fluted.
Well polished top. .
Two sizes ; and the price :
$7.75 for 6 feet .
$9.75 for 8 feet ;
You're welcome to a cata-
logue. "
California Furniture Company
P Cole & Co) -: " ■',/ ,f Carpets
117 Geary Street ■■ -: ■
WILL LIGHT THE
PARK BY NIGHT
The Means to Be Furnished
Out of This Year's
Appropriation.
A New Cross Road From Point
Lobos Avenue to ths
South Drive.
PLANTING MADRONE AND HOLLY
Many Swimmers in November — An
Aeronaut Who Went Up in
a Drizzling Rain.
There is more than a probability that a
portion of this year' 3 appropriation for
Golden Gate Park will be used for the
purpose of lighting the park with elec
tricity. There has been a demand for
such an improvement for about two years
and the matter has been under considera
tion for some time. Those interested ad
vanced so far in the matter that last week
they requested Superintendent McLaren
to communicate with the officials of the
principal parks in the East for the pur
pose of obtaining from them the fullest
information on the subject of park illu
mination. Letters have been sent and
when the information is at hand all the
methods will be carefully studied, and it
is likely that the one offering the greatest
advantages will be adopted. As yet the
Commissioners are undecided as to
whether the arcs should be illumined all
night or only during the early hours.
A new crossroad has been built and two
irregular ones that were laid out in the
long ago have been closed. .Thenewone
commences at D street and Twenty-fourth
avenue, which is west of the prayer-book
cross, and, traversing the part, leads to
the southern drive. This new road con
nects on the north with Point Lobos ave
nue. The ones that have been closed were
transverse roans east of the new one, and
led by irregular lines to the western end
of the JaKe. The winding path from I)
street and Seventeenth avenue that leads
to the boathouse is still opeo.
in the immediate vicinity of the new
road a section of the park will soon be
planted with madrone and California
holly, and when these trees, which have
for six years been growing in the propa
gating section, are transplanted aad at
tain a fair height they will, with their
bright foliage, dark bark and carmine ber
ries, prove an added attraction. It is a
remarkable fact that these trees do not
commence to develop to any extent until
after they have attained the sixth year of
growth.
The day after the election there was
sent to the park zoo a magnificent deer,
bearing a card on which was written in
bold letters, "William McKinley."
During the early part of the "day there
were a good many people in the park, but
whpn it commenced to drizzle at 3 o'clock
in the afternoon, there was a hasty de
parture from ail sections for the nearest
car lines.
There was a large number of visitors to
the conservatory to view the beautiful dis
play of chrysanthemums, which were in
full bloom and appeared to better advan
tage than on the previous Sunday.
The reopening of the museum has again
been postponed *.o a time not yet deter
mined upon, in consequence of the non
arrival of special locks to be used in clos
ing the many new cases in which a great
number of exhibits have been installed.
The number of visitors to the ocean
beach was unusually small, owing to the
weather, but the mnjoritv of those who
did go went into the bathsi" and the swim
mers were not few. Up to 3 o'clock 863
individuals, in addition to those holding
commutation tickets, indulged in tank
swimming — not a bad showing for the love
of salt sea bathing in November. A 12
-inch pipe is to be placed in the interior of
the baths for the purpose of forcing hot
air through it, so as to maintain an even
temperature of 74 degrees. On very warm
days cold air will be forced through this
pipa to reduce the temperature. Last
Saturday, the first day that the baths were
thrown open free to the school children,
161 public school pupils were admitted to
view tne wonders in the big building.
Despite the unpleasant day there were
many people at the Cuutes, and the per
formance outdoor and indoor went on as
on a clear sunshiny day. Arion showed
how he could walk on a wet wire; Emil
: _ raw to-pat:
We sell Schillings Best
tea to grocers who give
money back in full if you
don't like it.
Not to others.
A. Schilling & Company ' , ; .
San Francisco " '
, •: -I NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
'WALTER MOKOSCO...RoIe Lessee and Manager
ARTISTIC AND COBIPL.ETK!
First Production in This City of James A. Kerne's
Military Drama.
"THE ;.MMJTE ME.\ OF 1774-75 !"
A Flay Full of Patriotism and Love.
VICTORY BaTEMAX as Dorothy. ,
HOWARD KVLK as Roanoke.
RETURN OF LESLIE MOROSCO.
A Splendid Cast ! Novel Scenic Effects
Evening Rrices— lUc. 25c and SO o.
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLjER!
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
FIRST RECITAL •
To-Morrow (Tuesday) Fvenin?, Nov. 10.
Second Kecital. Thursday Aft., Nov. la
Third Recital, Saturday Aft., Nov. 14
IjAST ; REOITAIi *
Monday Evening, November 16.
. -PRICES— B3.OO, »l; 50 and SI. OO.
Sale of seats now open at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
GO WHERK THE CROWDS GO.
The Laughing Season Begins "
SATURDAY NIGHT.:;.;. NOVKMBEK 7
; T. .A.. jaLjBJXrjNriEZDY, '
HYPNOTIST,
King Laugh-Mak-r of the World.
EVENING PRICES-lOc, 15c, 35c, sOc.
Matinee Saturday and Sunday, 10c. 25c
Doors open 7:30. Commence at 8:i6. , .
THE CHUTES.
 Open From Noon Till Midnight.
Arion, Skating Rink, Animatoscop*— Free
Adiuisiilou-Adults 10c. Children So. ■
NEW TO-DAT.
Naked Pills
are fit only, for naked sav-
ages. Clothes are the marks
of civilization — in pills as well
as people. A good coat does
not make a good pill, any more
than good clothes make a good
man. But as sure as you'd
look on a clothesless man as a
mad one, you may look on a
coatless pill as a bad one.
After fifty years of test no
pills stand higher than
AVER'S
Cathartic Pills
SUGAR COATED.
Markebur>r went up in a balloon, making
a fine parachute drop and landing at
Hnight and Broderick streets, and Pirri
coasted down the chutes on a bicycle in
fine style.
THE HELPERS' HOME.
More Extensive Headquarters Found
Xecessary for the ?>oMe Work.
The Helpers' Home, an institution
which in an unostentatious way has been
doing very effective charitable work, is
about to changes its quarters from 26 Es
sex street to 417 First, where more com
medious quarters have been secured.
Tbe Helpers are noble women who live
together for th« purpose of doing char
itable work. They conduct a Sunday
school, sewing classes and mothers' meet
ings. They also visit the poor and needy
and in every way try to alleviate tha stif
f-rings of those in want.
SEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
TRlCOLAfatfuC-OTTLOD no- it»MA.-ii!nAnwu»-
GORGEOUS TO-
GLITTERING .1U"
' BRILLIANT NinHT!
SPECTACLE IMUrI 1 I
fCORffl'E
EXTRAVAGANZA
In the Entirely New and
"KENDRICK HUDSON JR."
Dazzling Armor. Novel Electric and Calcium Ef-
fects. 60 People In the Kn.i'-nibie.
Bright, Up-to-Date Features ! New Songs, New
Music, New specialties'. Full of New .surprises.
The Company includes: CORINNK, Joe Caw-
thorns. Johnnie Page. Neil McNeil, Herman Urie-
nert. John Barry, 11. A. ea^sidy, Maurice ltobin-
son. John Conal Charles Stevens, Octavia Barbe,
Nellie Strickland, Ethel BiricKhutd. Helen Holden
Welch, Georgia Stewart. Arnola Belville, Molly
Joyce, and a Select Chorus of Thirty.
16— GREAT DANCERS — -16
November 16 "HUMANITY."
BALDWIN THEATER.
AlUayman & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietor!
All This Week Matinee Saturday.
Comic Opera's Favorite,
DELLA FOX
And Her Superb COMIC OPERA CO.. manage-
ment a. T. Kins, presenting her success-
ful Opera,
LITTLE TROOPER!
By Clay M. Greene and Wan. Kurst.
Original Scenery and Costumes !
Selected Cast ! -60 People I
Next Week— Miss Fox in ''FIiEUR DE L.IS."
CALIFORNIA THEATER
At Hayjiax it Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
TO-NIGHT TWO WEEKS ONLY!
The Urancl Itomance of the Czar's Realm, .
DARKEST RUSSIA!
Under the Management of Sydney R. tills.
The most intense and realistic play seen in
years, depicting Kussla as it is to-day. Replete
with effects, groupings and tableaux.
Elaborately stayed, beautifully costumed.
Every act a scenic picture.
A Company of Superior Excellence.
Regular California Theater Prices—
25c to 81. ■ .
TIVOLr OPERA-HOUSE
1 M.KS.KBXESTIKK Kbbliko. Proprietor it Maoasu
• THIS EVENING
MAGNIFICENT PRESENTATION
OF
Johann Strauss' Roniautio Comic Opera
'• rp -[FT 33
GrYFSY
baro i>j-:"
(Der Ziguerner Baron.)
Splendid ' Cast! Superb and Correct Costumes I
Picturesque Scenery !
Brilliant Light Effect* ami Accessories
•'Das Ist Ausgezeichnet. "
IN PREPARATION
•* Donna «r*u.a>aa.l-t£i, S*»
Popula" Pr1ce5..........25n and sOc«
. O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PowelL
Week Commencing Monday. Nov. 9.
A BILL OF COMEDY AND NOVELTIES!
The Latest European s-nnsatlon,
LAVAKTKKS DOG ORCHESTRA!
The Canine .Musicians.
HOWARD AND BLAND, 3 HORN BKOS.,
HERU GRAIP, QV.\ KEH CITY AKIKT,
And a Great Vaudeville Company.
Keserved seals. -sc; balcony, 10c; upera-chalri
and box-seats. 60c. '
Bbxaoco, AJoa.ve iv. JriH-o n. Li-.-ssi-e . is Jlaa^erj,
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15,
.. First production on the Pacific oast of
"REAPING THE HARVEST i"^
PRICKS— Night: 150, aSo, ;<jnand 3l>o.
Matinees: 15c, '<45c and 35c.
Telephone. Black 031.
PACIFIC COIS7~JOCKEJ CLUB
, ( NGLESIDE TRACK),
COMMENCING OCTOBER 28.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M. '
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack in America.
Five or. More Races Daily, . Rain or Shine.
admission ...............81.00.
Take Southern Faciflc trains nt Third and
Townsend sts. depot, leaving at 1:15 p.m. * Taica
Misston-st. electric line direct to tract.
A. B.SPREOKKLS, President
W. S. Leaks, Secretary. • . ...
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 11 P. M.
Concert ISvery Afternoon and Evening.
Admission— Adults 100. Children 50. -
. bchool children admitted free Saturdays, 7 a. If
.0 6 p. M. •
78
In Fraternal Bands
MB»«illlliHIMI |p|f MJI |
Masonic.
During the recent session of the Grand j
Lodge a petition, the following of which Is a
copy, was presented to the grand body:
j To the Most Worshipful Grand Master and Mem
bers of Ihe Grand Loiigr. of Free and Accepted Ha
tons of California: We, the undersigned, being
master Mintnm in good standing, do respect fall v
memorialise yo :r most worshipful body as fol
lows: There is In the City and County of San
Francisco a certain private corporation doing busi
ness under the name of the Masonic Cemetery As
sociation of San Francisco; such corporation, al
though using the word ••Masonic," Is not and never
lias been under the jurisdiction of this grand body.
Such corporation has In its treasury such a sum of
money ($39,212 07. also stocks, bonds ami notes of
the value of $15, Oj 1 ). tne same being surplus or '
lie; Income: also various tracts of land) that it I
conld, without injury to itself, donate h par:, of j
such surplus or rift income to the Masonic Wid- |
ows' and Orphans' Home, ana to the board of re
lief of this Grand Lodge, and thereby comply with
the laws of this .Stale under which it is Incorpo- j
rated. We i.i v that, no coruorallon in tnls '
State, private or otherwise, should be allowed to
use the word ••Masonic, ' thereby appearing before
the world us a .Masonic institution, wituout being
under the jurisdiction of this Grand Lodge, We
lliererore respec fully move, the adoption by this
Grand Lodge of the following resolutions: Be It
Resolved, That no person, association or corpora
tion bo permitted or ailr>w<d to use in Ms or Its
business or commercial affair i any name or sym
bol ludicuti'. c or' Masonry or Masonic jurisdiction
unless such person, association or corporation be
under the control aid jurisdiction of this ({rand
Lodge, and haL the most worshipful zrand master
do sake such proper Steps, legal and otherwise, to
Curry out the purpose and object of this resolution.
Be it
KtsGlved, That the most worshipful grand mas
ter be required to lake such proper proceedings.
l»g:il and otherwise, to compel the trustees of the
Masonic Cemetery ASSOi la ion of >an Francisco
tocompywiih tne provisions of s"Ction7of an
act of me Legislature vi this State authorizing the
Incorporation of rural cemetery associations as
ameided January 13, 1864, and to com said
tniKtees, pursuant t > said net, to appropriate tie I
surplus or net Income of said Masonic cemetery
Association to the Boar 1 of Belief of thisi.rnml
Lodge and to the Masonic widows,' and orphans'
Home.
AH of which is respectfully submitted by author- I
ity of the j nit committee of the Masoulc lodges of i
Sun Francisco.
It. ii. Cocxtrymak, Chairman of said joint com
mittee.
W. A. Docd Secretary.
Charles Bone, P. M. Oriental Lodge No. 144, F.
& A. M.
Herman Muller, P. M. California Lodge No. 1, I
F. & A. m.
F. c. lieiisie.-, P. M. Excelsior Lodge No. 166,
F. & A. M.
. W. a. Doud, P. M.. Excelsior Lodge No. 166, F.
* a. M.
K. 11. countryman, S. W. occidental Lodge No.
2'_», K. .'; A. M.
Executive committee of said joint committee.
The Grand Lodge voted not to interfere in
affairs of the Masonic cemetery of San-Fran
cisco, but it is said that the matter, will not
rest there, and that in a not far away luture
the who. c subject maybe found on the law
calendar of the Superior Court.
Carroll Cook, elected one of the Superior
'Judges at (be election held lust Tuesday, now
.wears the uniform of a Templar Mason.
The Masonic Temple of this City is be
ing wired, with a view to substituting electric- '
ity for gas in all parts of the building.
At thus season the books and accounts of the
'secretary and treasurer of er.ch lodge are be
ing examined, and the result of the examina
tion will be presented at the first stated meet
iuK in December.
There is considerable interest taKen in the
several lodges, as the time has come for the elec
tion of oilicers. and th- most important of these
1] the junior waiden. who is In in-line of promo
tion to i he cilice of master of the lodge, - Upon tbe
choice of a first-class man for the junior warden
ship depends in a «rea. measure the future of the
lodge. and great care muu b» exercised in select-
Ing an efficient man for th<- office.
The Masonic lia 1 Association has declared a
twenty ceni per share dividend for October, being
the seventy-fifth. -. • ...
Order of the Kafttern Star.
The following are the appointed officers that
have been named by the worthy grand matron:
Grand conductress, Mrs. Polly Martin, Adah No.
182, Keno, Key.; associate grand conductress,
Mrs. Li;y Forbes, Columbus No. 117, Sacramento:
grand marshal, Mrs- Maud T McCollougb, Crystal
.No. 67, Auburn; grenl chaplain, Mrs. Jane F.
Kaabf, t-otoyeme Ko. B'2. Healdsburg: grand
Adah, Mrs. Florence I'otts, • outh Gate No. 3 33,
Los Angeles: grand ltutli, Mr<. Marie Leonard,
< t ii i! ne! a No. 18& Los l'.ano<; trand Ksther, Miss
Jem i>: su-en, Idiewilrt No. 19, Santa Cruz; grand
Mar.lia. Miss Nellie lJlnwiddie. M< rning star No.
61, Petaluma; grand Klecia. Mrs. Mary Littler,
Unity No. 65, Oakland; grand warder, Mrs. N. J.
Andrews, Mercedes No. 126, -Merced; grand
orgo- is . Mrs. Nellie Dar.ing, tiniden Gate No. 1,
Mm Francisco; grand sentiml, Maurice Prltcuanl,
Sierra Star No. 1_». Sicrraville.
Golden OiU Chapter has elected Mrs. Georg* L.
Darling worthy matron, and Water N. Brunt
worthy puron.
Ivy Chapter lias elerted Mrs. Jennie Abbott
Grave 3 worthy matron, Ki.wood P. Morey worthy
p:u ron. and Mrs. Susanna Dow associate malroi.
Mrs. Jennie C. Mac.- ;>Kst matron of Madera
( haji-.tr. and daughter ai.d many members from
Ivy Chap. er. were among the visitors to Golden
Gate Chapter last '1 hursday.
During ilie acsaiou of the grand chapter some
oriefo.-i-o: ;( black lace cape, \\ liic.i has since been
in ihe j osiession of the grand secretary.
The Odd Fellows.
Tl:e grand master and the grand secretary will
scon start on a. tour of visitations In the northern
part of the state.
The trusties of the home nt Tbermalito will meet
to-dar. Ihe addition to the home is nearly com
plete, the painters a: this time being engaged in
put Ing on the, finishing touches. There are already
on lile ten applications for admission into the new
quarters.
The visit of the Veterans to Presidio Lodge lias
been postponed from the 19th inst to tha 3d of
l;erember.
Tne thirtieth anniversary of Sycamore Lodge of
Hayw*raa will be celebrated this even Two of
the speakers wl.l be cuar.ei N. Fox aul W. 11.
Barnes, past grand masters.
On ihe.l7th jus.. Unity Lodge will give a social
in 1:11 1.
A entertainrren is to b-» given in Memorial
Hall in this City by the Kebekahs in aid of the Or
phans' Home, It promises to be a very attractive
affair.
The next entertainment to be given by the
Ridgely literary and soc ai Club will be given on
the evening or the 19th in»t.
The Christmas cheer Committee holds meetings
every Sunday ana is gettlni; ready to make glad
the hearts of many a poor Odd Fellow.
During the recent encampment at t'anta'Crnz
there were present fifteen past gr-nd patriarchs
the greatest number that there ever was at any
such Gathering. Their names are: c. 2*. Fox. H S
■Wlnn. George 1L Morrison. William H. Barn?!?'
Lee tllsworth, \V. T. Galloway, K. H. Black. W
W. Lyiiiaij, 3. F. Crosett. A. K. Lord. John A. Nace
Samuel S. snit:h, James Leonard. C. W. savage
mid George F. Rorscb. ;
The New Age for November says: "The San
Francisco Call's special reporter so fully and cor
jectly cave matters •In connection with this
memorable Fathering (the grand encampment
]. O. O. fr.) that the New Age will copy largely
from Its telegrams." 1 his journal, which is the
organ of odd fellowship on this coast, has for
editor a man who' appreciates a good piece of
newspai er work "vhen he sees it. .
Grand President Marian Greenwood of the Re
bekahs announced the following visitations. The
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO.,
. 4 LeldesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1034.- ■
BKAXCII OFFICK :
. 023' Market St.. Palace llotol. Tel. Main 582&
VUKDY & ATKINSON" Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
• tations. Reference Ist National Bank, a. F.
CHICAGO. PRIVATE WIRE. Sh.W YORK.
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS SEW YORK STOCKS-
• ; raBt kx^c^^ vlce - .
Private and Bank references quoted on application
Oflice, 3»8 Montgomery St.. Sale Dei oslt Bid
'lei. Mula 1731. Private i'arlur for Ladies
list shows that she Intends to be on the road till
the clone of the year, unit a: the rate she has been
visiting she will m.iKe a record that, wi 1 equal that
of Miss Fannie Benjamin, her ■ predecessor -in
oflice: November 25, Florin: 2t>th. Capitol Lodge
of Sacramento; 27th, i»erinan:a lodge of Sacra
mento: VBth, LJv« Oi\k Lodge of Lockeford; De
cember 2. Golden state ot Modesto; 3d. Madera
Lodge: lili, Sanger Lodse: sth. Fre»no Lodge;
7th. Colurabli I odae of Los Angeles: Bth, Laurel
of Azusa: 9th. Pasadena Lodg-; 11 th, hldelweiss
of Los Angeles: l'-ith. vcean Queen of San Pedro;
14th, Heliotrop" of Pomona: Arbor Vitas of
Los Ansele«; l'tith. Kurekao! East Los Angeles;
17th. May Q-ieen of Ontario; 18th. Magnolia of
san Bernardino; l!3d, Alma Lolge; i!4th. OcJ«n
S'de of san Dieg»: -Jsth, Ana of National City:
2Uth, Silver Gale of San Diego; 28th. Mistletoe of
Kscondido, and 29tli, St. Anna.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
At the election held last Tuesday the following
named, who were elected, are prominent mem
bers ot the order: Con.ressmau Kugene K. Loud,
pas. grund masor workman: William Broderick.
' lectod Auditor, chairman of the Grand Ledge
finance committee; James N. Block, elected Tax;
Collector, ex-graid receiver; Congressman J. G.
Magulre Gus Pohlman, elected Assemblyman,
and Samuel L. Waller, past master workman of
lnity Lodge, elected a member of the Board of
Kdncatlon.
Hercules Lodge will soon initiate a large class of
candid ttes.
Pas. Al aster Workman G. 11. Garthorne presided
at a successful smoker give i last week by Occi
dental Lod i". An address was delivered by the
I grand recorder.
The number of applications passed upon by the
grand medical examiner last month was 203
During he current month those lodges that
I meet weekly will elect officers for the ensuing
; term. By a change of the law at the April meet
| Ing of the grand lodte the terms of recorders,
j financiers and rectivers, at well as medical exam
iners were continued until next April, when their
successors will b- chosen.
Grand Master Workman Vinter will leave to-day
for the soulh-rn part of t ie Stale, whore he will
visit twenty.five lodges.
The minivers of the founding of the order
was celebiated in grand style at Los Atigeies. The
principal address was de iveretl by W. A. limes. S.
D. G. M. \V., and remarks were made by James
Booth, P. G. M. W. . and J F. Greenough, D. D.
Deputy i-rand Master Workman Poland visited
Fresno on business connected with the order last
■ week. ijojiTiiiwrjWi
Grand Recorder Hirshberg will visit Fortuna
lodge at Napa Wednesday and will deliver an ad
drf s? at an open meeting to be held v' der the au
spices of the lodge.
Preparations tor a district meeting at Modesto
are be.ng made by Empire lodge.
Degree of Honor.
Ivy Lodge, at its meeting last Wednesday, con- ,
ferred degrees on three candidates. S. J. Tucker
I wa» elected medical examiner, vice iJr. Dunne.
: who has moved out of the jjrisdictlon. This elec
tion became necessary at this time on account of j
the number of applications for the beneficiary I
feature of the oraer in this lodge. During the
i evening M rs. M._li. Incler, who recently returned
from Los Angeles, gave a description of her visit
to that place and distributed to members souve- ;
nirs sent them through her by Mrs. Klla Van j
Court, who Is visiting the southern part of the
; Mate. Charles Inehr, who traveled through the
| si uthern part of the State, and evidently never In
| lends to no ther* a-aln. gay.* a very enter:aluing
I lies rlption of hit observations ami d'-clared that
ttierr-are 'iirre preity women in one sq are yard
rf Oakland lhan there Is In the whole of the sec- j
tlon of the southern country he traversed. Mr.
Hamilton added to the p ecsure or the evening by
adescription of a receu. tour through the Oriental
countries.
After that the lodge took action toward the or
ganization of a drama' ic c:tib. to nlve perform
ances to raise a fund for the purpose of procuring
robes for the drill team.
The election of oflicrs is now in order and th<>
installation will be In the early part of December.
The Native Sons of the Gnlden Went.
Henry M. Campe. D. D. G. P. at L.. during a re
cent business trip through several counties, vis
ited parlors wbereve- there was one and reports
them all in good condition.
Grand Orator Frank Mattison recently visited
Visa. la and Kamona parlors. To-night he will |
visit Invincible P rlor of Anaheim and during !
the week !:•• will visit as follows: November 10, I
Corona Parlor of Los Angeles; November 11,
Arrowhead Parlor oi San Bernardino. Novetnoer
IS, San Diego Parlor; November 14. Kedlands
Parlor.
1 ast Friday Pacific Parlor had a grand celebra- j
tion In honor of the fifteenth anniversary of or
ganization. Many of the prominent members of
the order were present.
Those Native Sons who have petitioned for a
charter will meet this evening In Native Sons'
Hall. As there are elchty names to the petition i
there is but little doubt that in a snort lime the [
locnl parlors will number twenty-two.
Sixteen of the local parlors «re contributors to!
the library and readinc room, which is one of the
best arranged and m"st commodious In the City.
Its eftlciency could be increased if all the par.ors
would become contributors.
The annual ball of Kincon Parlor, in commemo
ration of its admission into the order, will be
given on the evening of the 25th tnst.
At the enter.ainment to be giv»n by Golden
Gate Par;or to its friends on the 17th inst. In the
banquet hall of the Native building, the
committee of arrangements proposes to Introduce
a number rf novel features.
The digest of the decisions of the several grand
presidents of the order arc in the hand* of the
printer, and as soon as the proofs are approved by
the committee having the matter in charge the
work of printing will be proceeded with, and as
noon as ready the books will be distributed to the
subordinate parlors.
Grand President (Jesford has asslgied tne follow
ing parlors to <;ra:irt I rustee I. E. Zabala: () ym
ptis and Presidio. San l-ranclsco: Amador. Excel
nioi.lone, Plymouth and Keystone, In Aniudor
County: Mariposa and Hornltot, In Martpo.ia
County; Yoserolte, Merced County; Oakdale, Man
illa na County; Tnolumnt- Parlor:" v alaveras, Price
and Chtspa in ('alar eras County; Fresno Parlor
and Mad era Par: or.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
California Parlor No. 74 of Marysville save a
party In Turners' Ila'l on the 29 :n ult. which was
a great success.
The members of the parlor in Santa Cruz will
start a whist tournament In that city shortly and
keep it up <lu rin.: : he winter months.
Past Grand President Marian* Bertola paid a
visit last week to ftuena V;sta nnd to Golden Slate
pailors, and to the members of each she made an
address which was listened to with a great deal of
attention and was well receivd.
'Ihe prospects are that a parlor will be organize d
at Pinole and one at San Diego.
Foresters of America.
Grand Senior Woodwarl J. Snrnuels will start,
on his touruf official visits on the Ist of Decem
ber, at Ie»8t tbat Is his ln:r n.io i at this time.
Grand Junior Woodward K. s. Harrison has no' I
fied the courts In San Joaquln Valley that he will
toon nay each a v sit.
Court Robin Hood has appointed Frederick C
Hensley, P. G. C. It. : \V. U. Johnson, Thomas
Mnirhead, J. A. McL- od nnd T. W. Came, all pss;
• hlef rangers, a committee to make anaugeuKMits
for the ceiebratio:i of the anniversary of the Insti
tution of the lodge.
K. L. Hubble. V. C. IS. of Court Hanford, I!. M.
Thompson, recording secretary of Court Mo«,
umne, Lodl; William frunk, I. C K. of court
Pride of t olusa and Antone strula of Court Coln'a,
w»-re among the visitor* at the office of Grand Sec
retary hremer las. wei'k.
Companion* of tho Forest.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke will
officially visit Mar Circle In H^n Kafael on the
evpnlrig of MoDday, the 16h lnjt.
Inter Nos Circle has oeen doing remarkably well
of late. At its last he.d meeting it initiated ten
candidates. At that meeting the repjrt of Mrs. X
Harrington, the financial secretary, wnsprf gciitPd',
and it proved to be ihe best yet offe red to this
thriving subirdinate, as it showed a flattering In
crease of lunds. Th? members of thlt circle are
working hard to attain and maintain rlrsi place in
the order. The circle will give a tamale party ai
an early day.
Kobin Hood Circle Is making arrangements for
an auction party, to be given in the near by and
by. Lav Wednesday this circle wa* the pclplent
of a fraternal vl-lt from San Francisco Circle, and
address were delivered by Mrs. v Atwood, P. G.
C. C. : Mrs. C Goldman, grand fustee- Mrs H
Wr.nns, 11. (.. C. i ., and D. o'Callaghan, P. C. (!
Mis. Annie Philips, i hief cumpamou ot Piumas
Circle. YubaCity, was visiting friend* in this City
last wees.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
R. N. McLennan went lo Novato, Marln County,
la« Saturday, n here be Instituted Court Novato!
of which the following limned are the promoters:
Stephen Porcella. C. C. Williams, H. Kuser, M. I).,
A. M. Park, Judge J. y. A Haven and M. X.'
Essucr.
M. P. Light, organizer at larue, returned from a
very successful tour in the northern par. of this
State and the southern part of Oregon last week
and this week will pay a visit to Sacranipnio
This order at this time offers a uooj opening to
yoons physicians who are starting out in their
profession and have iio.hins but a ahlugle to imric
onl while waitinc for practice. Thefre in a n oppor
tunJ y for a number of such physicians, and tnt-y
can obtain information by calling at the office of
the permanent secretary.
1* C. Brady of Court Caspar, Mendocino County
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
and A. F. Dickey of Court San Miguel, San Diego,'
called at the office of the permanent secretary last
week. • , ■ ■ ■ -.
The high jinks given by Court Apollo In th« For
esters' building last I-iiday night win attended by
a large number of people, and It turned out to be a
most enjoyable affair.
Companions of the Forest.
The committee of arrangements that had charge
of the entertainment given last Monday night by
Minerva Circle has reason to feel proud of is suc
cess. There was a large attendance and a general
gcod time was had.
Ivniihoe Circle gave a fine enter ainment to its
friends in Social Hall, Foiester*' building last
Thursday nl hU
Sherwood's entertainment given last Saturday
night was al«o well attended a d very successful.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs Sarah Beverson.
I accompanied by other grand officers, will' visit
i Washington Circe to-morrow night, Artemis Cir
cle on Wednesday night and Oak Leaf Circle,
south San Francisco, on Friday night.
;.'•%■ The Druldg.
Last Tuesday • evening Perseverance Grove in
itiated- twenty -fonr candidates an 1 at the next
meeting expec:s to Initiate another large class
During the past, week Deputy P. Wobber In
stalled the newly elect officers of Kan Francisco
and Eureka groves. Tbe first named elected John
Human, N. A.; J. A. Hemann, V. A., and H. W.
I Bruhns recording and flnancia secretary. Eureka
Grove elected M. B. Schumai, N. A.; H. K.
Hempel, V. A : and Charles Quast financial, and
recording secretary.
During the pas: term Concordia Grove of Stock
ton initiated forty-three applicants. The semi
annual returns that are being received by Grand
Secretary Molllson snow an increase In the order
in every direction. . . ■t : ■ .
K. Lindwall, N. A.: J. Turnblade financial sec
retary: Charles Monselvais and other officers of
Templar Grove were Install d last Mori .lav nigh:
by District Deputy Charles Johnson in a most
effactlve manner. During the ce:emony Past
Supreme Arch L. O. ."-chord presided,. and there
were present delagaiion* from Vn»co de Gama.
Hesperian, Klvin. Laurel and other groves, ihe
work or the Ins tailing deputy was marked for Its cor
rectness and impressiveness. Deputy Johnson has
beon a very energetic worker, »nd within a short
lime the grove of which he Is a m-mber, his,
j through his eftor.s, Increased Its membersulp by
twenty. '
Order of Chosen Frlondn.
A committee from each of the City councils met
last Thursday in pur-uance to a call from the
grand councilor, and de ided to have a jotnt
meeting of all the councils for members only on
the evening of the 17tli of December. Sub-com
mittets will rr.eet Saturday night In the hail of
social Council for the purpose of arranging
details.
To-morrow evenlns there will be a meeting in
the hall of America Council, when a number of
candidates wi I be ml iated and addresses will b
made by Past Supreme Coun>i:or Arnold, Sen
ator-elect K. i. Wolfe and others.
On the 19th inst. crystal council will pay over
to !-(iimi'l Figel $2008. and to John Ohenauer
•2026. each having attained the uge of seven ty
tive years, and entitled to payment on old ace cer
tificate-. They have been members since the
organization of the council, 'ihe presentation
will be at a pnbllc meettns to be held on th» even
ing nnmed, anrt after the checks have been handed
over there will be an entertuinrueut and dance.
Knights of Honor.
Dictator Faivey Initialed a candidate for Yerba
Buena Lodge last Monday, doing the work in fin*
sty'.e.
The grand dictator, the erand reporter, a num
ber of o:her grand officers, Pasi Dictator Callender,
Deputy Klder and otners attended a stirring rneet
i.igof Ivy Lodge Friday, and a great deal of cood
work was done. All enjoyed a pleasant evening.
Last Friday rive candidates were initiated Into
For. Una • odge. the work being performed to per
fection by the uniformed degree team. Grand Re
port-r Johnstone and several visitors delivered
short addresses congratulating the team on its ex
cellent vvork.
The grand d!cra:or has appointed Rene Whbite
of Key&toue Lodge district deputy for Confidence,
Union and San Francisco lodges, and J. L. Blais
dell deputy for Sant > Cruz Lodee.
Las Filday Past. Dictator Phi;lp Prior, after an
absence of many months, apiearea before Polar
Star Lodge and received a very cordial receptlo.i.
He gave a very interesting account of the alghls
and people he had seen in strange lands.
Grand Dictator Archibald paid a visit to the
lodge in Petalama last Friday. On the 10th ne
will visit Modesto, oa the 12th £an fJiezo, on the
18th I .os Angeles, on the 21th Fresno, and on the
28th Newman.
Last Thursday the grand trusteed and the Grand
Lodjre finance committee held a joint session, at
which matters of importance were discussed. The
result of this meeting will shortly be transmitted
to .he lodges.
Knight* and Ladles of Honor.
A series of public district meetings will soon be
held, and these promise to be of much Interest, as
good speakers will deliver addresses and explain
the objects of the orJer.
S. B. Carieton, publisher of the Sentlne\ who
takes a great, interest in the order, wishing to en
thuse the members and sir them up to activity,
has offered two prizes, one a souvenir badge val
ued a: $i:5, and the oilier a souvenir gavel
mountod with gold quartz, valued nt $50. The
firs: named will be given to the member bringing
in the greater number of members bttwen the
first Inst. and tne Ist of April of next year: tne
second pr'ze to go to the lodge that will show the
largest increase to the relief fund In the same
period. The donor will endeavor to make the
presentations In person.
Yerba Uuena Lodge of San Jose has elected
A. L. Hubbard treasurer, vice th •• former Incum
bent, who has removed to Santa CruzCountv. At
Its last held meeting the lodge received one'appll
catlon. The following-nani'-d have been appo.med
a coramlue? to make arrancements for another
narty to be given in the lav weetc of the current
month or the first or next month: Mra. t- Gra
ham, Miss Rltta McGlynn, A. L. llubbard. L. O
bill and G. J. Peters.
The entertainment given on the 28lh ultimo by
Equity Lod?e of was a decided social
and linantlal success, as well as being ihe means
of intioducing five new members for the lodge
that number having filed applications.
Knlghts of Pythian.
Kouth San Francisco Lodge inl.lated two appli
cants last 1 uesday evening.
Herman SchafTner, G. K. of R. and a, will soon
distribute the amendments to supreme statutes
that were recently »dopird, he having secured a
supply of i hem for tb« iodges in this domain
During h s absence from this i lty the grand
keeper of records and seal ollielally v uitea the
lodges at Fores'. Hill, Newcastle, Dutch Flat Col
fnx. Auburn and Truckee, found them all In a
flourishing couditlon and with evidence of Increase
in the future While in col fax he organized a sec
tion of the endowment runk and a lemp c of the
Kathbone Sisters.
On Thanksgiving night the Plncer County Com
pany will give a grand ball in Colfax,and members
of the order from the neighboring towns will be In
a tendance.
General H. Schaffner will, About December 15
institute a company of the uniform rank at Forest'
Preparations are In progress for the organization
of a lodge at Jamestown, Tuolumne Count v.
The following or- the change that have re
cently been made In the Uniform Rank In this do
main: \V. .1. Kldd has been elected as c olonel of
j the First Heciment. vice J. C. l>ohmeyer, term ex
j plred; Captain Fred Dood. formerly adjutant of
the First Regiment, has been commissioned rs
I co onel and mustering officer of the California
Ungade, vice W. J. Kidd. Htcied colonel of the
First; Major N. P. Justy of the rtecond Regiment
of Fresno a, been comnils«loned as colonel ana
commissary upon the staff of the br gadier
general.
Grand Chancellor McGla*han will make official
v Bits as follows: November 16, Sacramento
Lcdce: 17, University Lodge of Berkeley: IH, Kls
ini; star Lodgo of Golden (iat«>: 19, Centerville
lx»ag ■•; 20, lo inline Lodge of Watsonviile, and '21
-Mnmerey Lodge.
Jr. Order American Mechanic*.
The indications are a: this time that within a
short period a new council will be instituted at
Colusn and another at Woodland.
CapUol Council of Sacramento expects a boom
short. y In the shape of a large addition to Us mem
bership.
W. 8. Hancock Council will celebrate its second
anniversary by an entertainment in Los Angeles
on the evening oi the 12th Inst,
Daughters of St. George.
Britannia Jbodge of the Daughters of St. George
will give an o:d English te.-partyon theevenlng
of the 17th inst., In St. George's Hail, on Mason
street, in aid of the mutual-benefit fund. This
fund Is maintained for tiie purpose of assisting the
bereaved family or beneficiary of a deceased mem
ber, and the entertainment Is for a good cause.
Tea will be served at 7:80 o'clock.
The Order line B'rlth.
An open meeting and entertainment will be
given by Adler Auxiliary No. 1, 1. o. B. 8., in
Benevolence Hall, B. B. bull J Ing, next Tuesday
evening. A very fine programme has been ar-
ranged for the occasion.
An invitation has been received by Grand Secre
tary Levison to a tend the installation of the olll
cersof Moravia Lodge, at Brunn. Austria, which wil
tmce place in the latter part of the current month
on ihe UK: l> there will be a reception at the Grand
Hotel In which ladies will ake part, and the fol
lowing evening there will be the installation of of
ficers and a banquet, lhe grand secretary suvs
that he will ha-v.- to decline. From thj style In
which the Invitation is gotten up and from the
programme v is evident that an Installation theie
is no ordiunry affair.
Knight* of the Golden Eagle.
Grand Commander McGowan and others made
arrangements last week to go to San Jose to tn
stliiite a new castle there with about a hundred
members. Grand Master of Records O. B. H anna
and Grand Inspector Macdougall were among
those mho took part in the < eremony.
California council will at ite next meettns con
fer the pil|(rimage degree.
AN ACTION TO
BREAK A WILL
The Estate of Carlton C.
Coieman Now in the
Courts.
Charges That He Was of Un
sound Mind aDd Unduly
Irfluenced.
MUCH PHOPEBTY INVOLVED.
Grave Complications That Aff j et the
Interests of a Boy New
Twelve Years Old.
A case of unusual interest is soon to be
heard in the Probate Court. The interest
lies iiot only in tbe fact that a large and
valuable estate is in controversy, but also
in the prominence of the parties whose
names are involved in the action. It is a
contest of the will of the late Carlton
Chirm Coieman by Mrs. Edith Bianding
Coieman on behalf of her 12-year-old sou,
William Tell Coieman.
Many years ago C. C. Coieman, son of
the Jate William T. Coleraan, led Miss
Edith Bianding to the altar, and the fruit
of that union was tbe boy wno now figures
in this case. The marriage did not prove
to be what was expected and desired, for
several years ago the couple were legally
separated, the minor son being awarded to
tt-e mother, who secured her part of the
communiiy property.
C. C. Coieman went to reside with his
mother. Mrs. Carrie M. P. Coieman, and
after a long illness he died on October 19,
1895. Deceased left an estate in United
S.aies bonds and equally good securities
valued at about $55,000, after all his debts
were paid. In his will he disposed of his
property in a peculiar manner. Unuer iis
provisions the Union Trust Company was
made ihe executor. Tbe latter was only
to allow the boy $100 per month until he
was 21 years* of age. From that time un
til he was 30 y ; ars oM the young man
could only draw the interest or rever.ue
from the estate.
If the lad died before he reached his
thirtieth year the entire property was to
go to his (deceas d's) mother, Mrs. Wil
liam T. Coieman. Matters became badly
complicated by the death of Mrs. W. T.
Coieman on May 6 of thisyear, and by her
will she left most all of present and pros
pective estates to her son, Robert L. Cole
man. Her estate was appraised al about
$400,000. Her estate aho was left in the
hands of th • Union Trust Company, and
she set a?-ide about $55,000 for her grand
son, William T. Coieman, under precisely
the same conditions as the father — that
the lad should have an allowance, but
tiiat in the event of his death before his
thirtieth year the entire estate should go
to Robert L. Coieman.
Mrs. Edith B. Coieman. in her contest
that was filed yesterday, pays no attention
to tbe will of ber boy's grandmother, but
as guardian for her son sue attacks the
will oi Carlton C. Coieman with vigor. In
her statement she sets forth that the
drawing of the will was irreeular in
many respect?; that Coleman's will was
not signed by Carlton Cbinn Coieman,
nor was it signed by his direction.
Further that it was not witnessed in his
presence and last that at the time the will
was made Carlton C. Coieman, by reason
of his sickness, was not oi sound mind.
The allegation lurther sets forth that
Carlton Chirm Coieman was
Unduly Influenced by his motner, Carrie M.
P. Coieman, who wholly controlled and irre
sistibly Influenced tne testator and who cher
ished the most bitter enmity toward the peti
tioner and his mother, Kdlth ttinnding
Coieman. The said Carrie M. P. Colemau was
a woman of strong will and overbearing and
domineering disposition and easily and con
tinuously influenced her son.
Actuated by her unnatural and intense
ha. red of petitioner and his mother she poi
soned the mind of Carlton China Coieinan
agaiu.st his offspring and Edith Bianding Cole
man itna inllueuccd him to deprive them ot
their natural rights by representing tnat tho
mother of petitioner was extravagant and
would squander the fortune if U were left to
petitioner, uho>e guardiun she is.
All attorney who is more or less inter
ested in the casa stated that Mrs. E. ii.
Coieman is in no way concerned in the
matter except as the guardian for her
child, whom she desires to see put in pos
session of bis father's estate. He aaia, in
substance, that theallegationsof undue in
fluence on the part of Mrs. W. T. Coieman
are true to Uir letter and are apparent to
all familiar with tbe tacts. He said that
tbe same band that drew up Mrs. Willinm
T. Coleman's will and maae sued peculiar
and unnatural conditions also madu tne
will of Carlton Chirm Colemnn.
He said : "Carieton C. Colraan's will is so
drawn that the boy cannot secure the
benefits of his lather's estate. If be dies
before he is twenty-one tbe estate goes to
his uncle, who is already a very wealthy
man. Suppose that after the lad reaches
his majority he should mnrry and have
children and then die b?fore he reaches
his thirtieth year why his widow ana
children would b2 left, penniless. Under
the will they could not secure a cent of
their husband and father's estate, which
would all go to a man already wealthy.
"It is unfair and unnatural, and the
document on its face shows tho handi
work of some one other than the boy's
father, Carlton C. Colemnn. Whose handi
work ami influence caused that will to be
drawn is also apparent by the terms of
Mrs William T. Coleman's will, which
are identical in every particular with
those of her son. Mrs. Edith B. Coieman
makes her claims dispassionately for her
boy."
Tne Union Trust Company has been
cited to appear iv court on November 20
and show cause why the will should not
be revoked. As a rule trust companies do
not waste much time lighting such cases,
so it is expected that the active contest
will be made by Robert L?wis Coieman,
who i* now one of the most interesiep
parties in tiie case.
The Kgyptiau Kabob.
Every country has its own little delica
cies and Egypt is famous for its kabobs.
Ihe kabob is broiled meat, but is broiled
in so ridiculous a fashion as to be really
funny. The peddler uses a little charcoal
furnace, something like those in use by
our plumbers. In it he Keeps up a small
but liot fire. Attached to the side of the
furnace are a lot of iron skewers. When a
customer approaches the hawker takes a
small piece of meat, mutton or goat, the
latter being the most popular; cuts it with
ii sharp knife into a long ribbon, winds it
around the skewer and places it upon the
charcoal lire. Some of the drippings are
collected and with a little salt and ppice
make a pleasant aauce for the kabob when
it is done.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
XOVKMBKB, 1890.
Sn.
Mo.
|Tu.
IW.
Th.
I FT.
18ft.
Moon's rhaseN
2
3
4
5
■«.
7
©' New Moon.
v£/ • Nor. 4. I
? ■- '
i
9
10
11
12
13
14
3 Firs-. Quart
<J) tiov. 11.
M .
15
18
17
18
3 9
! 20
21
.„■» Full Moon.
■s2/ NOV. 20.
n
23'
24
26
! 2U
27
28
i
,
—
,f\ t.a«t Quarter
>ov. 27.
29
30
KiplßDStlnn,
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fiirarea
at station indicate maximum temperatnro for tho
days: those underneath It, If any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and Imndredths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperatirre. The
word "hleh" moans high barometric pressure and
Is usually acconuiani.-d by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather'and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
rcast. When tho pressure is high in thr interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when ihe "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rnin BOiith of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ih« vicinity of Idaho, and
ihe pressurfi falling to the California coas 1. warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition*
v.Ol produce an opposite result.
WEATHER IJUKEAU REPORT.
Unitkd states Dkpaktment of Aohicdi/
turk. weathkr bl-rkau, «an frakcisco, nov.
8. 1896, 5 r. m.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
por;ed from stations In California to-day:
1 ureica 60, Fresno 70, San Diego 70, Red Bluff
62, San Luis Obi.spo 78, Yuma 78, San Francisco
61, Los Anseles 74.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61.
minimum 50. m"an 56.
A storm of considers b'e enerjy appeared l«r.
night off the coast of Washington, and to-night
covers nearly the entire northwestern quarter of
the country. Rain has fallen from San Fiancee .
northward, and will probably extend southward
to-n:g:it and Moiuiay. At I-.nreka 1.60 inches
have iallen. Tee pressure has fallen seven- tenths
of an inch over Wyoming and Montana. The tem
perature has risen over the Rocky Mounta n re
gion, elsewhere it has remained Ktatlonary.
A cold wave Is likely to prevail Monday night
and Tuesday over Utah, Nevada and eastern Cali
fornia.
Minimum wind velocit es of 30 miles per hour
fr"m the southwest are reported at Tatoosh Island,
S) west at Fort Canby, south at Walla Walia,
40 .smith at Idaho Falls, and ob .outhwesi at U in
nemucca.
Forecast made at San Francmco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 9, 1896:
Northern Ct>litorn:a— Rain Sunday night and
Monday morning: heavy In the northern portion;
colder Monday night: fr*sh soutn westerly winds.
.-ouihern California— lncreasing cloudiness and
probably rain Monday; colder Monday night;
iresh northwesterly win is.
Nevada— Rain Monday In the northern portion;
colder.
L'tah— Rain Monday: colder.
Arizona— Cloudy and threatening Monday;
colder Monday night.
San Francis' o and;vicinity— Rain Monday morn-
Ing, followed by clearing weather; colder Monday
night; fresh southwesterly winds.
ALEXANDER G. MCA HIE.
Loca> k orecast utliclal.
A French general ha 3 inaugurated a
plan of permitting and even encouraging
soldiers to sing when on the march, a priv
ilege which has been strictly denied until
recently. It has also been arranged that
anj' who can play on any of the
smaller musical instruments shall be pro
vided with such instrument at the expense
of ihe State.
OCA.A-> Sli.A"-.A.«3.
D»t»»« of Departure From Sin Francisco.
BTKAMKB | UHHTIN ATtOX. | HIM, | PIKR.
Ma> vi Cat. ! Portland I Nov 9.iuam | Pier J I
C0r0na...... i ban Dleiro | Nov 9, 11a* I'lerl I
P0m0na..... Hnmboldtßat : Nor 9, Vru ! Pier 9
Arcata I Coos JJay...... '■ NovlO.lOam i Pl(>rlS
Colon : i'anama ...... Nov 10.12 v' P M S
Mexico ;Vlc& PgtSnd NovlO, 9am Pler9 I
Australia... H0n01u1u...... Nov ) o.loam Pier 7
Kmplre , Oregon ports. . Nov 10. 6pm Pierli
Knrcka [Newport Novll, Yam PI«rl.L
Rio Janeiro. China Japan Nov 12. Ipm PUSS
Moaovvat.... Sydney..'.;.... Nov 12, 2pm I Pier 7
I-nrallon Vaauitia Bay. Novl'i Oak rier 2
banta Rosa ~an Diego Nor 13. Ham ' Her 11
A.Blanchrd Oregon ports.. ! Nov 13, spm : Pier 13
bnnol (>rays Harbor. Nov 18. 12m Pier 'A
Columbia... Portland : Novl4.loam Pie 24
Coo^Bay... Newport v. NovlS. Pan I'ler 1L
Cliv l'n«-bln| Vir >»gt Snd'Xov I.V 9am Pier »
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
-TKAMKII
Fro*
i
I>U«
Knrelca.... Newport..'
Trucks Tlllamoolc 8ay....;.;...
Newport j I'an.tma....'...'
Alcairaz ' Vaaulna Bay
Arcata. ...■.;.... \ t-0n1anJ.... ;.....'.
Karallon . Yaqulna Hay
I'mattlla. Tacoma
Sunoi ;. Grays J {arbor ..........
Weeoit .. .....;. Hiimboldt Bay
Allceßlanchard Portland
North Font ; Mnmboldt Bay..:
Columbia j Portland
City i'nebla.... {Victoria A I'uget Sound
Kant* K05a..... San Dleco. _
San'Benlto Tacoma T...V
Coos Bay.' : Newport
Orizaba ! Mexico
Crescent City... : CrescentClty. •..."..
H0mer.......... I Coos Bay.;
Corona. "an Dleeo.
State of Ca1. ... I P0rt1and... ...........'...
\Vniln Walln... I Vl^lorln * Pn-»«>t Soiin-1
..Nov 9
. . Nov 9
;.Nov 9
...nov 9
..Nov 9
..Nov 10
..Nov 10
...Nov 10
..Nov 11
..Nov 11
..Nov 11
..Nov 11
..Nov li
..Nov 11
. Nov 11
..Nov 13
..Nov 14
...Nov 15
..Nov 15
..Nov 15
..Nov 16
..Nov IB
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. *. Coast awt» Okoi>kt;o Pcbtitt Tins')
. BULI.KTIN PtTBI.»UKD by OrFICIAI, - •/; >■
Al:iH(l«ITV (IF THB SJUPKBINTK.V OKNT, )
iiutila ■, November 9.
Snn risen 6.45; Moon rises
Sunsets 6.(1 J ■ -Moon sets. 9 Oflm
November— lß9B.
t\ r "H Fe>tj r ' Fefti '"'""•! Feei| T ""HFe«
- ! H W I 1L W | H >V I 11. W|
t»l 4. Ob 4.8 6.0/ • a.7 J.5l ■
0 6.05 •4 9 V.'-'i 3,7 2.64 ,
1 5.5 M 4.9 10.52 3.6 4.10 ;
2 rt.42 :-.. 12.20 '3.1 8.41 -.'
3 7.19 ' 6.3! 1.32 12.6 7.00
I. U . B W ••: . L W ■
4 0.52 1.3 7.66 6.4 2.26 '
6 1.42 1.7 8.27 5.4 ■' 2.58 '
6.7| if.ivj — «Mt
, 6.0 10.12!— 0.1
4.6 11. 06 0.3
4. s ii.67 0.6
.4.2 1 ...... ...:..
H «
1.9 8.1 S 4.2
1.4 9.17 4.2
Notb— In the aoove exposition of the tides th»
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a* to:: me. The- second tlm«
column Fives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
»ccum. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is aubtractlre
from ihe deDth given by the churi*-
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A branch of the Untied States Hvrfroirxaphlc
Office located In tbn Merchant*' Exchange Is
maintained In Saa Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
cxi enie.
Naviisa-or* are cordially Invited to Tlslt the
ofilce. where complete sets of charts and salllnc
directions of the world arc kept on lian 1 for corn
par.son and reference, and the latent Information
can al ways be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navlgiulou and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The tlnv ball on top <>' the bo lid ng on Tele
graph 111!! In hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each ■ i ix ■ ■ from the
t'nlted States Naval Ot> crva.ory t. Mare Island,
Cat.
A notice statin; whether the tlm<> ball was
• in>pp»d on lime, or giving the error. If any. U
pnhunhe i ih» same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by toe morning papers the following <iav.
W. S. HUOHKS.
Lieutenant U. X N.. In cha rze.
>l!llfi •.. lNii.U.U.i..\i h.
Arrived.
' ' SUNDAY. November a !
Stmr Del None. Stock tleih. hours from Grays
Harbor 840 Mft lumber, to E X Wood Lumber
Co: 1 M ft lumber, to Western Basket Co.
, Stmr > Empire, Nelson, 3Va days from Astoria;
364 sks wheat, to Thomas Loiichran: 380 bdls
hoops, to California arrel Co: 5500 bdls shoots,
to Clatsop Mill Co; 380 ii ft lumber, to D H Bibb
Lumoer Co. : .
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 29. hours from Monterey,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins & Co.
Simr Homer, Jes.«en. 42 hours from Coos Bay ;
pass and mdse, to J I) .spreckeis A Broj Co.
Br stmr Amarapoora. Cameron. 4 days from
Seattle, bound for southern ports; put in to finish
loading. ; ■- ».. i
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 17 hoars from Eureka:
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins * Co.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson, 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and -(36,0-18 ;t lumber, to J S KimbaU.
Brs:iin (.•ilencona. Lynn, VI -days from Singa
pore: ballast, to E C Evans.
* Schr Alary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega;
•Jo bss butter, to Koss & Hewlett.
1" >all«»,l.
' SUNDAY, November 8.
Haw stmr Aztec, Brown. Mexican and Central
American [.or a, via Nanaimo. *
Stmr Santa Nlcolson, San Diego and way
por: s.
Stmr Scotia. Jonnson, Ro-kport.
Simr Weeoit. Whitney. Alnion.
J!r slit., Ki-lat. Kinsiiian. Queenstown. •
Schr Ruby A Cousins. Knudsen. S>attle. ■
Schr Ocean spray, Jenson. Iversens Landing.
Schr Rio Bey, Ackerman, Siuslaw River.
Schr Five Brothers. Rasmusien.
Schr Daisy Rowe. oisen.
Schr U W Watson, Frledberg. I'uget Sound.
ieli-gr.inliii;.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. B.— lo p. m.— Woa:asr
logzy, wind SE; moots* IV! mtlm,
.' . Correction.
The stmr Lakme did not sail Saturday, as re
ported.
Domestic Port«.
NAVARRO- Arrived Nov B— Stmr . National
Clt\\ from San Diego
TATOOSH— Passed Nov B— NIC stmr Costa Rica,
hence Nov 5 for Nanaimo.
MENDOCINO— Arrived Nov B— Str Point Arena,
hence Nov 7.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Nov B— S-.mr Greenwood,
for San Francisco.
BOWKNS LANDING— SaiIed Nov B— Schr Mon
terey, lor sun Francisco.
Arrived Nov 8 -Scur Newark, hence Nov 7.
PORT BLAKELEY— ArrIvea Nov 7-Bark Ma
tilda; from Honolulu. '■■■-■ ■
Sailed Nov B— Chll ship Lniona, for Valparaiso.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Stnamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Nov 8-Stmr Veendam,
from Rotterdam: st'iir La Champagne, fm Havre.
sailed .\ov B— Stair Georgia, for Stettin. I
HAVRE— Arrived out Nov 8— ->r La Breta:ne.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Nov 8-Btmr Lucanla,
for New York.
DOVER— I'as.ied Nov B— St:nr Kensington, from
Antwerp for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Nov. Stmr Ka ser
helm 11, irom Genoa for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed Nov B— Stmr Saale, from New
York for Cherbourg and lireuen. f
Importation*.
COOS BAY— Per Homer— slo tons coal, 4 tanks,
38 bxs butler, ■ 179 ■ sks potato i s. 21 ■ bdls bides, 5
bbls salmon, 1 b.x mdse. 1 sk coin. 3 chests.
EUREKA — Per Pomona— 64 t>xs 68 nf-bxs fresh
fl<h. ics dry goods, 10.H/ 2 ke is '.'.■» 4 bxs butter. 93
doors. 1 bx oranges, 1 rraie biKes, 11 pkgsexpress,
5 hf-bbls elder, 2 bbli cranberries. 1 cs shoes. 1
pkg bousebol-l goods, 1000 Mshlngies, 2 crts sash,
11 V 2 M. ft lumber, 1 coll wire, 2 cs eggs, 2 bxs dry
fruit
MOSS LANDING-Per Gipsy— l3l3 sks pota
toes. -.- .;.-'•• ;■:...•'
Soquel — 41 bxs apples, 1700 reams paper,
' Santa Cruz— 46 bxs apples. 16 bxs pears, 1 lot
Junk. -i \jx-\ butter, 47 rolls soleleathei.
Pigeon Point— HO sks peas, 74 cs cheese, 198
sks beans, 23 sks potatoes.
Amesport— 3 bxs butter, 21 bits 'A sits cheese, 2
bxs apples, 1 cs eggs, 50 sks potatoes, 16 sks green
peas, 76S sks barley. 854 sks beans, 1439 sks oats.
Connlennn*.
Per Homer— E Whitney & Co: Hulme <fc Hart;
J D Spreckeis & Bros Co: Marshall. Teggart A Co :
Hiimer, Bredhof! dSchulz: j H Newbauer & Co:
Standard Oil Co : Kissinger Co: Getz Bros <£ Co:
Wells, Fargo * Co; Sachs Bros & Co.
Per Pomona— A Paladlni: A Crocker Bra; B
Caito; Brlgham, Iloppo A Co; . Garcia it Ma^glni ;
C E Whitney A Oo: iJodge, Sweeney A Co; Pacific
Coas Fish Co: Dairymen's Union: Cohen, Hits ii
A Co; Standard Oil Co : Goldberg, Bowen A Co; J
li Ingnglta: Haas Bros; Wheaton, Breon <fcCo; U
Burxess; Wells. Fargo A Co; U Camllioui A Co;
American Union Fish Co; H H Hogan: California
Elect Co: MilaniACo; FBHalglit; ills Bros;
«etzßr<s&Co: lillmer, BredhoiT<& Schulz: Labor
ExchanKe:J H Newbauer A Co; Ross A Hewlett;
OBSmithACo: Wit A Baker: Williams* Co;
Hlcglns A Collins: Wellman, Peck ds Co; X Sllv*:
R li S eeiolt: Marshall A Co; H H Elliott: Hen
derson A Co; F Richards: . A Mcßrlde; G Trapini:
A Knea A Co: a Farant no; PopeMfgCo; IS
Merchant; McKav A Co; National lea Co: J H
Krouse: .1 A Durke«»: .) R Uanlfy; Deere Imp Co
Per Gypsy— ll Dutard: Sussman A Co: <.etz
Bros A Co; Al Ehrman A Co; M T Freitas; Wo:i
A son ; Chas Jacob<o:i A Co: A Galll Fruit Co:
Mlnaker A Co: 11 Joott: Norton. Teller A Co;
Martin Feus Brigbam. Hoppe A Co: Dalry
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Plane COAST_STEAfISBIP CO.
STEtAMERS LEAVE BROADWAY ArS.
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: i * ? "T
For Mar.- Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Joneau. Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at. b a. m., Nov. 10, 25.
. For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New W: atcom (Belltnebam Bay," Wash.), 9a. m.
Nov. 6. 10. 15. 20, 25, 30. and every Hfth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. R.
8., «tTa<-oma with N. P. R. X., at Seattle with U.
N. Ky. . ;r. .Vert Townsenrtwlth Alaska si«b:-:?:;. ;'
For )-:ureka, Arcaa an<l Fields Landing (Hum.
boldtßay), str. Pomona 'i r. m., Nov. 1, 5.9, 13,
17. 21. 25, i' 9. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos, !
Port Harfonl (san i ills Oblspo), Uavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3. 7. 11, 15, .19, 23,' 27, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at . Port nanord
(San Luis Oblspo). >anta Barbara, Fort Los An-
reles, Redoudo (l.os An;elns) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 25, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Knsennda. San Joie del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pax and- Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Urlzaba, 10
1 a. M. 25th of each month.
'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
or -sailing dates.- Ticket ollice— Palace ' Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street. ,
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agents,
« 10 Market St.. Sun Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
U DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
: From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA PTi 1 /* lB Firnt-class .1 Including
JP iiXvJ2i\B6 Second-class J berth & meals
■ SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Nov. 9, 19, 29, Dec. 9
Columbia *. Nov. 14. 24. Dec. 4, 14
Through tickets and through' baggage to all
Eastern points. Kates and folders upon applica-
tion to ,->-■-■>
F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
. - ■ 630 Market street.
OnODALU PERKINS & CO., Siiperint^ndea*-
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ DAYS TC
<"- n " 11 ' 0.0. w«. m m ununi 111 II
HAWAII. SAMOA, (W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, H^l mr
AUSTRALIA. \Jfs.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tue*.
day. November 10. a: 10 a.m. Special party ratej.
S. X MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYL>.XEY. Thursday, Novem-
ber Uk at '1 p. m. *
Line toCOOLUARDIE, Aust, and CAPETOWN,
fcoulh Africa. - ■ - - - -
J. i). SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market si.. San Francisco. .
COIPAGXIE GENERAL TK A\S ATL A 5
' .. French ■ Lin© to Havr<*.
COMPANY'SPIEK(NKW),42 NORTH >Mt
River, foot of Morton st. i ravelers by ■feft'-wgf
this line avoid both transit hy English railway anl
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a smalt
boat. New VoriC 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Part],
rirsi-cli ss second-class, $lld.
LA CHAMPAGNE.... ...Nov. 14. 5 a. •*..
I.ATOURAINK. ..Nov. 21. Noon
LA (iASDKiXK : Nov. -'8. 5 a. m.
LA BRET A OXifi. Dec. 5. Noon
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 12, 5 a.m.
• ftm" JurtUtrr particulars apply to
. ■ A. FORGET. Agent.
. No. 3. Bowling Green, New York,
.T. F. FUGAZI & CO, Agent* 6 Mou:goa»arr
•venue, San Francisco, -
""" STOCKTOS STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. ; 3, . Washington St»
At 6 V. M.; Daily. Jb'nlKUi received
JO- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. !
•its only line manlug through rates on Vall«»
Road freigUu ■ ■ »»»*r
. .••->!-;■ - SXEAMEKs: .
T. C. Walker. J. d. p«t«M
Mary Uarratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Imuc C«
YALLEJO ASD U. S. NA¥¥¥ARD.
, STEAMER "MONTiCELLO,"
Danyat »10 -.30 a. m.. 4 and 9 :30 F. H.
Saturdays "" •— •• '10:30 a. m., 4 p. m.
Sunday .....:.......: . 8 p. m.
•;. Landing Mission-street Dock, pier 2.
•t- - Telephone Black 281. ■
•Excursion trip, giving 8 hours at Navy-Yard.
FOR JOSE, LOS GATOS & CRUZ
QTEAMER A. I ' V i SO LKAVKh PIEK 1 DAILT
8p J £i?" (Sunda «cepted); Alvlso daily at
l^.n» Saturdays excepted).- Freight and Pas-
-soc*t *•«»»»«*•» »<"> Francisco and Alviso,
bauta Clara it., san Jo—. v t- 1. 20W.
MOUNT TAMALPAIST
n K«n?«d. ot wltU North p * clfla
WEEK DAYB_L»»vea F. 9:l"i a. k. 1-4% p m.
-*£? curnln *— Arriv« S. If. 3:25 p m. 6:20 P m
SUN DA YS- Leave S.F. Ba. 11:80 aTm.l^o Pit
Returnlns-Arrive 8.F.1 :16 p.m 4:20 p.m. 7 35 pil
Tickets for »ale In Mill Valley or "t'-r- : .'
.....THOf. COOK * SONS, 621 Market «t., S. F.
MU Vail V «ad Mouflt TlUlflOi &c faiC iiajiwiin
rrfens', Un'on : Wheaton. Breon A Co: H 06 Wl 4
CO O'N»tll B'->* & Co; Union Paper Co; ww.e.n
7o 1 Papa- Co; McDonough & Runvou : 1 horn m
l^UKhiuir;- Uu-ii Marley A Co; GO««» * V I
Garcia. A Maicini: EnterorHe Brewery, v -
Kink- Kron Tanning Co: X■' Bowen; N. ah &
Boe»senecicer: Doge. Sweeney «fc <-Q. . .
KAII.RO A©
& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
cursion TRAIN
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29.
And Every Fifth Dft v Thereafter.
Leave irom s. P. Ca's Ferry Landing- foot of
; . Market St., at 8:00 p. it
nnrn iai > tit including Berth.
SPECIAL SlO Flw , cl 8 in s c l =i
RATES* $19 Flrst-clais. Includlaj
RATES > $19 B^r Ml
For further Informa.loa . apply at Ola Marsac
jitreet (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F. v-i ",
BJCHAKD GKAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. rrafllc Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOITHKRN I"A< IFIC (O7IPAM.
■ (I'ACIFIG HYNTK.M.)
Tn>lii« lea»x nml art ilnt« <<> iutlhi at
NAN ritANCISCO.
leave— Piiom November 7, 1.00 r. a., Anitiv
~ # 6:00 a Niks, San Jose and Way .Stations . . . 8:-I5a
7tOOA Atlantic F,xi>resB, Ogden and V:jmt.. 8:i»P
7:OOa. L'cuicia, Vacavillo, Gums?;, Sacra-
mento. Orovillo and Redding via
Davis ««45p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Kapa,
Calistoga and Santa Kosa ..... 6:lSp
S:»«A Kilos. San .lone, Stockton, lone, -
- Sacramento, Jlarjsvillo and lleil
Bluff 4il»F
•8:30 a Peters and Milton «7:15p
9:0Oa New Orleans Kntoo, Raymond (for - :',
Voseniite), Fresno, Bakcrsl'ield,
Santa Uurbara, I<os Angeles, Dem-
ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East..... :... 4i4S»
9:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 4:4.1p
9:00 a VaUej0.............: 6:15p
Nilea, .San Jose, LiTermore and
Stockton 7il!Jp
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers... *O:O0p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations |7: 13p
' 4>oor Martinez, Ban Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, Xl Verano and
Santa Rosa 9ilS*.
4:OOi- Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
?:■■.. Knights Landing, Marysville, Ore- ■
tillu and Sacramento 11:13 a
4i3op Niles, San Jose and Livermoro... . Bi4»a.
4i3oi'Los • Angeles Express, ■ Stockton. .
Fresno, Sauta Barbara and Los
Angeles ..'....; 10«43a i
4:30p Santo Fa Route Atlantic press J
for Mojave and Knst 10:43 a /
6:OOi- ltaropcnu Mail, Og(!en and Kust.... 9:4»A.
CiOOr llaywanlH, Miles ami San J05e...... 7:43 a
)7:ll0i> Vallejo 17:43*
7:00p Oregon llxpress, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, I'eililing, Portland, ' I'ugct
Sound anil Kant 11:13 a
«I1O:03p " Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Acgeles. El Paso, New Orleans
ana East §12:4S>
SAXTA <;UlrZ I>IVIM(>.\ (Narrow »anirc;. ~~~
»:Isa Newark, Oeiiterville.Suii.loae.l-'clton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations. .'. * 5:30P
•3:l3i> Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz anil Principal Way
Stations..... «lI:a«»A.
4:1 5 Newark. Snu .lorn' and Los iintos ' 9:50 a
fll>4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jobo and
Way Stations 17:20P
(QAM IHVIMUN (Iliinl X Toitiim-iiil Mm.) .
6:45 a San Juno ami Way Stall. (New
i Al matlcu Wednesdays only) li3Op
1:15 a Sail Jnso, Tics I'inos, Santa. Cruz,
Pacillc Grove, Paso Rubles, San
Luis « lisp", Ouadalupe, Surf and
Prindiial Way Stations 7:03p
IO:4Oa San Josu and Way SUtions «:O3p
11:oOa Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
*2:30 - San Mateo, Mcnlo Park, San .lose,
.:■".■■-•. Gllroy, l"res Pinos, Santa ~ Cruz,
Sallnas,Montcrey and PacilicGrove *IO:4Oa
•3:: top San Joso ami Way Stations 9:s<>A
•4:30 1- San Joso ami Way SUtlons »H:1Oa
SlSOp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations •B:3<>a
0:30 - San Jose and Way Stations 0:»3a
tll:45l- .San .leso aii'l Wav Stations 1?:-l&p
SAX LipAMUtO AMI IIAVWARUS L(><:Al>.
t*O:OOA"l . ( 7:15 a
S:(l().\ «9:15 a
: o«a Melrosc, Seminary Park, iill'a
a 2iSo r FUchburg,SanLeandro 4^jjg?
3:00p . n * 4:45p
4:00p * na " 5:43p
5:00r lTnvimrilK 0:15p
3:30p Baywaras. 7:43 P
7:«0p '_■':• - 8:41p
S:OOp ,_ «. . , „., 0:43p
9-OOp i Runs through to Niles. ' ]0:50p
ffll:lspj From Niles. I ttl2:ooP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRiSCISCO— Foot or Market Street (Slip 8)— ■'
•7:15- 9:00 11:00 a.M. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 1D:OQ *6:Cop.m.
FroraOAlUHD— Foot of Broadway.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. }12:00 ■■•1:00 «:00 '3:00 , ti:00
*S:Q3I'.M. ■ ' ?■■'■
. A for Morning. , . P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepteil. - 1 Saturdays only.
X Sundays only.
. tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•JTueefiaTu pnd S»tunl-ya. $S-u-rlars ami Thursday*.
SAN FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DA YB— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.; 12-3 V
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 P.M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:SJ
and 11:30 p. it
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; I:3* 3:iH,
6:00, 6:20 P. M.
San Kafuel to «»n Franclxno.
WEEK DAYS-6:15. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. -•
12 -.45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Kxtratriai
at 1:55 P. M. and 6:35 P. k. W
SUNDAYS— 8: U; 9:40, 11:10 A.K.: 1:40, 3:41
S:0O, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sani*
schedule as above.
i«are • ineirivi Arrive *
Ban Francisco. o°t 14? San Franc
Wickk : Sdn- jje^f^aon Sun- | Wkki"
Days. | pats. "*"">*tion. BAYB^ j Day^
7:30 am , 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am! 8:40 ah
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 a*
Healdsburg,
l ytton,
Geyservllle,
8:80 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?B pm 6:22 p*
~ ; i Pieta, ~ "
Hopland &
7:30 am 8:00 am L kiah. 7:35 pm 6:2Sp*
7:30 am ~ j ~ 10:25 am
8:00 am , QuernevUle. 7:35 pm
5:30 pm . j : . 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 AM Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 p<
7:30 am|8:00 am| g^ h _-. 110:40 am 10:2. am
8:30 6:00 pm! °«>MtOpoL [ (} :lOrM| 6:-.'2 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark We«
.Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska^ss Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Hay and i^keport; ac
Hopland for Lakeport and Barciett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy .Swings. Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, I'omo, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Kiversiile, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, Orr's not Springs. Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!. Wlllets. Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoe]
rates. - ...
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnu be-
yond San Ratael at half rates.
Ticket OfTWs. 050 Market St., Chronicle hn'M'.nj.
H. C. WHITING. B. X. RYAN.
Gen. aianaser. Gex». Pass. Agent.
Atlantic '^l§||i||^
Trains leave au.l arriva ct ßw^K^^^£S§?a
ilarket-Streci terr/. ISfcg^S
BAITA FE EXPRESS. WgMJm
To Chicago via A. & I . iSBKfcSE^SS
J>avesda>lyat4:3Up. M.,cnrrvitie ' ulnian i'aiac*
Drawing-room and Modern UpMolsured Tourlit
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to Chicane
via Kansas City. Annex can for Denver and Su
Lauls.
Boston Excarslons. via Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White .Mountains leave every
Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; nodiist: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Orflce. 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building:. Telephone Maia
1031. Oakland. HIS roadway. ' •
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
' J :■;« .'.•"(Via Sausalito Ferry). •
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1891
WEEKDAITA , .
ForMlU Valley ana San Kaiael— «25, •9:13.
ll:U0 a. m.. *1 :45, 3:45, •5:18.*j:4!..tf -.30 p. £
Extra trips for B.»n Kafael on Mondays, Wedne* 0
days and Saturdays a; 11:30 p. m. ■ f
'. SUNDAYS. . ■ , ; ' -
For Mill Valley «nd Sun Bafael— *8-.00, •1008
•11:30/. M. *1:SO, 3:00,.*4:80. 6:16f. M.
Trains marked • run to san Uuentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7*25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. M. Sundays, 1:45 p. v. s<atur>
days.
kar Cazadero and way st at 7 :25 a. M. «•**
4ajs; X:« r. v. ; s{«urd iV .tJ. .ALL WAS HARMONY
AT THE POLLS
The Followers of Frick
and Hilborn Kept Their
Knives Sheathed.
A Solid Republican Front for
the Municipal Cam
paign.
NO NEED FOR NOK-PARTISAN3.
The Secretary of War Will Soon
Think Alameda County Is
Full of Cranks.
Oakland Office San Fbaxcisco Call,}
903 Broadway, Nov. 8. f
Not for many yeara have the Republi
cans of Alameda County shown so much
harmony as existed at the polls last Tues
day. Three montus ago, according to the
statements of the fusionists, the party
here was about equally divided between
the followers of Mr. Frick and Mr. Hil
born, and it was predicted that when the
election came off there would be a greater
breach than at the primaries. Just the re
verse was the case, and so far as can be
seen by a critical examination of the Hil
born vote, not a single knife was un
sheathed within the party. Hr. Hi! born
received a vote as large as that cast at the
primary for both himself and Mr. Frick,
and certainly there could be no better evi
dence of a solid party. With the exception
of one supervisorial district, which is so
. close that the result will be contested, no
one outside of the Republican party was
• elected. There is a moral in this which
must not be lost sight of and on which
the welfare cf Oakland depends for the
next two years.
A municipal campaien wili be com
menced in a few weeks, and it is to be
hoped that the indications of a united
party in the city as well as the whole
couniy will not be blasted. With such a
-mowing as was made last week there can
be no need of any intermediate or non
partisan parties in this city. Four years
.i-yio when tne Non-Partisans scored their
first victory there was possibly some ex
i-use ior their existence. Now there is
none. It stands to reason that with such
a majority of the electurs as is possessed
by the Republican party at this time mere
must be within that party a majority of
the best material from which to select a
comjilete municipal ticket. Four years of
a disrupted municipal government has
not be#n without its advantages in the
way of imparting experience, and, al
though the dignity of the c;ty may not
have been benefited during that time, the
less-otis learned may prove of inestimable
value in the future. It. has been clearly
proved that nothing can be done either in
the way of public improvement or of econ
omy unless there be harmony between
the various governmental boards.
Over v year has parsed since Mayor Davie
was read out oi ihe People's party atiii was
ieciared to be what he is in fact, a Repub
lican, and there might oe worst- mistakes
made than to place mm in the po-itiun vi
his own successor. But It is altogether
too early to predict at this time what the
volaiile people oi Oakland will do at the
muuicipal conventions.
Some prominent members of the Oak
land Board of Trade said some very pe
culiar things last week about the singular
behavior of Alameda's Board of Trustees.
As a result of the tigli ting over the tidal
canal there is now on file ai the Ciiy Hall
the choicest collection of contradictory
matter that has ever found a place in the
interesting archives of Oakland. Ed>ou
Adams, H. C. Trowbndge and M. J. Kel
ler are wondering what ciass of people
dwell in the city across the estuary. They
Lave ceased talking about the points in
controversy, and the present difference is
confined to estimating the amount of re
liability that it is safe to place in a cer
tified document of an Alameda city official.
The Oakland gentlemen have the signa
tures of tue Alameda gentlemen to an
agreement which is also attested by tie
City Council of Oakland and will shortly
arrive at the War Department, Washing
ton. About the same time a document
will arrive from Alameda withdrawing
the signatures of the Alameda officials, in
forming the Secretary of War that they
signed their names to something they d:d
not mean, and expressing a desire tnat
what they did in good faith shall be
ignored. This is in accordance with the
precedent set by Dr. McLean. Health Offi
cer of Alameda, some month- ago, when
ho obtained the signatures of the Oakland
officials to a document which they signed
under a delusion, and which they after
ward repudiated. At the present stave of
affairs the whole business looks like a
monkey-and-parrot circus.
For many years Oakland, from n social,
political and religious point of view, has
been regarded as the Mecca of cranks. If
some sensible and abiding agreement is
not !-oon reached between the two leading
ciiies of this county the Secretary of War
will think that the unenvious distinction
is now being sought by the commercial
element. S. W. B
TO HONOR IRISH.
Sound Money League Intends to Ex-
press Its Gratitude.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— The Sound
Money League of Oakland considers that
it ought in some way to testify to its ap
preciation of the services of Colonel John
P. Irisn.
Within a few days a meeting will be
aeld and the matter taken in hand and
icted upon. No Dlanß have yet been laid
and it is not known wnetber the reception
will take the form of a public meeting or a
banquet or what body shall have cuarge
of the affair. But there is a strong feel
ing that Mr. Irisn's services to the cause
'A sound money demand recognition in
ais home city.
Now that the colonel is at home, he is
full of funny stories of how he chased Mr.
Bryan on special trains, caujhi the same
crowd, how he got into a railroad wreck
and out of it unscratcbed, and several
sther interesting experiences, most of
a Inch have been touched on in the tele
graphic dispatcues of his campaign.
Oakland Theater*.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Julia Marlow
I :ti.er and Robert Taber w'll open an en
gagement of three nights at the Mac
ionough Theater to-morrow. On the
opening night "Romeo and Juliet" will be
jiven, to be followed by "Twelfth Night"
tin Tuesday and "As You Like It" on
W> dnesday.
Oakland theater-goers have always
ihown a marked predilection for Shakes
pearean plays, and the advance sale mdi
Mtes that the taste still exists more gener
illv than ever.
k The famous Parisian dancer, La Loie
Fuller, and her company of vaudeville
performers that succeeded in gaining the
id miration of the great Li Hung Chang,
lave been engaged lor one night at tha
Macdouougti, and will appear here before
;heir depanure for the Orient.
L. R. titocKweil and his company, who
have iust concluded a successful week at
the Oakland Theater with "The Magis
trate," will appear next week in a new
version of "Uncle Tom's Cabin."
The Corinne Extravaganza Company,
numbering sixty people, will fol;ow the
labers at the Macdonough.
Drowned AVhile I'Uliiiig.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Frank
Doughitt, :i lad 11 years of age, was
drowned at Websier-street bridge this
afternoon. The little fellow was fitting
on tha bridge fishing, and lost his balance.
One of hi* companions became so excited
that he also fell into the water, but was
rescued. Doughitt sank, and his body was
not recovered for some hours. His parents
reside at 1001 Seventh street.
Thirtieth Anniversary.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Nov. B.— To-morrow
night Sycamore Lodge of Haywards will
celebrate its thirtieth anniversary. There
will be an entertainment and banquet fol
lowed by a dance, and among the many
speakers will be General Barnes and the
Hon. Charles N. Fox. This is one of the
oldest lodges in the county, and delega
tions lroni all neighboring lodges will be
present.
Victorious Quicksteps.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— A lively base
ball match was played this afternoon
between the Pioiiper Juniors and the
Quicksteps. The Quickstep* won by a
score of 11 to 9. The match was played on
the Piedmont grounds, and the winners
are anxious to receiv ■ any challenges from
players under 16. The captain lives at
lSuo Grove str et.
CHICAGO WANTS HIM.
Music Director St«'«art Offered a Prom
in. it Place.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Alex T.
Stewart, who left this city a few weeks
ago, and who is so well known as the
leader for many years of the First Congre
guti onalSuiuiay-school Orchestra, is now
at Chicago, where he has been offered the
position of musical director at the Cente
nary If. E. Church. This is one of the
lar^' st churches in Chicago.
Dr. A. C. liir-^t, who was for many years
one of the leading .Methodist pastors in
this State, was a great admirer of Mr
Stewun's work in this city. The two met
in Chicago, the day after Mr. Slewar 's ar
rival, and Dr. Hirst at once offered the
young director the position in his church.
It has a membership of 1100, including
the most influential penttie in the city.
DEATH CAME SUDDENLY
Wilson Walker Fell Lifeless in
the Presence ot His
Batrcthed.
He Was Seized With a Pain in His
Stomach Which Proved Imme
diately F.lal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 7.— Wilson
Walker, a booickeeper only 20 years
of age, was suddenly stricken with
cramps to-day at his home and died be
fore anything could be done to relieve his
Buffering. Mr. Walker went to work with
a brother at Levi Strauss & Co.'s three
weeks ago, after an extended vacation.
Yesterday afternoon he was sent home
sick. Home remedies were applied and he
j seemed better. This morning he grew sud
denly worse and complained of pains in
his Mon'acb. Dr. Lubbock was sent for
and came just as severe cramp* seized the
young man. Before meaicine could be se
cured he was beyond help.
Mr. Walker was engaged to a very esti
mable younjr ladw Learning that he was i
.sick she stopped at the liou-e on her way
from church and was at his Bid* when
death came. He wa3 the son of Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Waiker and a brother of John
H. Walker. Mrs. William Taylor and
Mrs. F. H. Pawling, all of this city. He
baa resided here about five years. The
funeral will be held Tuesday.
Cit inuhip After Election.
ALAMEDA, Tal., Nov. 7.— The Rev.
Henry Victor Morgan of the Christian
Church preache 1 .o-uay on the theme
"Christian Citizenship After Election,"
and dwelt especially upon the defeat of
the sixth amendment. He urged all to
realize that the ciioice of the majority
was the choice of all, and askee' that all
good citizens unite in doing honor to the
President-elect. He then drew several
moral lessons from his subject. The
services were largely attended.
The Way Out of It.
A hater of tobacco once asked an old
negress, who was addicted to the pipe, if
she was a Chris ian.
"I spects I is," was her reply.
"Do you expect to go to heaven?"
'•Yes, indeedy."
"But the Bible says nothing unclean
s all enter there. Now the breath of a
smoker is unclean. What do you say to
that?"
"Well, I reckon I leave mi bref behin'
when I enters dar."— Washington Times.
The Man Who Refused a Federal Office.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Frank A. Leach, the proprietor of the Oakland
Enquirer, surprised his friends yesterday. A statement had been published
that Mr. Leach was a candidate for Postmaster. Last evening Mr. Leach pub
lished the lollowing notice in his paper:
"Enterprising journalists,, who are announcing the disposition of all the
Federal offices, would do well to remember that some of them will not be
vacant for a loni? time yet. The Postmaster of Oakland has two years or more
to serve, and, as McKinley's is to be a civil service reform administration, Mr.
White will not be disturbed till the end of his term. Six years ago* the
appointment to the Oakland postoffice was offered, absolutely and without
qualification, to Frank A. Leach, and he declined it because he thought that
newspaper publishing and Federal office-holding did not go well together.
And he does not want a postoffice any more now than be did six years ago."
TIIE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1896.
BERKELEY TRUSTEES
AND A CITADEL
They Have Concluded That
Mrs. Townsend Is in
the Wrong.
The Old Woman Who Holds Her
House With a Pistol
Must Fight.
WARRANTS FOR HER ARREST.
Eight-Day Ccurse of Mission Lectures
Begins at St. Mark's Epis-
Ci pal Church.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. B.— The town
authorities have taken up the case of
Mary Townsend, who has been waging
war against the Sonthern Pacific Com
pany and the town of Berkeley now and
then for the last twenty years, over the
possession of a strip of land on iShattuck
avenue, and, as the matter now stands.it
would seem that the case will soon be
settled once for all unless the gray-haired
littie woii.au carries out her threat to
shoot the man who lays hands on her
dwelling, wh:ch is now astride a gutter on
Shattuck avenue.
I'rt's i;cnt Richards of the Board of
Trustees, Town Attorney Hayne and
Street Superintendent Guy Chick were
in consultation this afternoon over the
matter and the decision was reached by
them that Mrs. Townsend has no right
whatsoever to the property in dispute and
hence no just reason for setting up a gar
rison within her humble dwelling and de
fying law and order.
The impression baa gone abroad that
Mr?. Townsend is a much abused woman
and that she is being soreiy persecuted by
the railroad company and th town of
Berkeley, but reference to the history of
the early procee dings in the case, which
date back some twenty years, goes to show
that she was well paid for the lot which
she is attempting to hold, besides being
mede a present of the house th« has
turned into an arsenal.
It seems that when tbe railroad was
about t o be put through in 1876 the com
pany sought to purchase a small lot from
Mr-<. Townsend, which projected into
what is now Sbattuck avenue. Sue re
iuse<i to sell, contrary to the precedent
set by all the other property-owners along
the line, an ; so a suit to condemn the
property was entered.
The jury set a price of $1030 on the land
j and house, which was said to have been
nine more than it was worth, and the
railroad com pan paid the bill, giving
back to Mrs. Townsend the house thai
they had purchased from her.
The franchise of the company was to ex
tend fifty years, at the find of which time,
if i: was not renewed or the road was
I abandoned, the property, which once be
! longed to Mrs. Townseiia, should revert
to her. Only twenty of the fifty years
have passed and so the lady seems to have
no claim on that ground, s j far as tbe rail
road is concerned.
The town authorities say that even. if
such an agreement had not been reached
between Mr-. Townsend and the company
the town of Berkeley could legally claim
the piece of property, because they have
had peaceable possession of it as a thor
oughfare for the past five years.
A few days ago she secured permission
to move the house into the street, osten
sibly for the purpose of having the lot
upon which it stood graded. When the
house was partly moved onto the dis
puted property she cut the hawser with a
hand ax paid the contractor for the work
and discharged him.
The grading proposition seems to have
been only a subterfuge for netting the
house down on the old lot. Since its re
moval either she or her son has stood
guard over it with a revolver, defying any
one lo lay their hands on it.
When the time comes for the return of
the house to its p ace, which is only a
matter of a few days, the Street Superin
tendent will take it in hand, and unless
Mrs. Townsend is placed under arrest be
fore that time or acquiesces in the opinion
of the Town Attorney a shooting affray
will not be an impossibility.
The Town Board will meet in regular
session to-morrow evening, at which time
the case will be brought up. Two wai
rants are out for the arrest of Mrs. Town
send, who is 76 years of ace. but no one
has seemed inclined to serve them.
Misgio ■ Service* Begun.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. B.— Archdeacon
Percy Webber of Boston opened his eight
day course of "mission" lectures under
the auspices of St. Mark's Episcopal
church at Shattuck Hall to-night. A large
audience was present, notwithstanding the
mc ement weather. The service this even
ing wa3 the first of the "mission" course,
although the Archdeacon preached this
morning at St. Mark's Church. At the
mornine service an extraordinarily large
audience was present, the building naving
been crowded to the doors. Many wore
forced to stand because of the lack of seat
ing accommodations.
The disllnguinhed speaker chose for his
text: "If any man will come alter me, let
him take up his cross daily and tollow
me." He drew from it many lessons
which will be of good service to mankind
in their daily waiks of life, and in their
dealings with things spiritual.
The Archdeacon is commanding in ap
pearance, logical in his thoughts and
strong in his presentation.
The "mission" services will be held
every evening during the coming week in
Snattuok Hall, begiiinin-r at 8 o'olock. 5
Suffragists Still Hold Forth.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. B.—Notwith
standing the fact that the proposed sixth
amendment to the State constitution,
striking out the word male, was lost
at the recent election, the suffragists of
Berkeley are undaunted. They will
hold their usual meeting at Stiles' H..U
to-morrow afternoon, when they will talk
over the last campaign and outline plans
for the fuiure. "We are going to keep up
the n>ht," said one of ihe members tu
day. "until we have won the battle. The
JAMES WALDERE KIRK and His Latest Creation, the Li Hung
Chang Overcoat.
[Sketched from life by o "Call" artist.]
amendment was lost, but we have not
been deprived of faith in the justice of our
cause. The fight is on, and it will con
tinue until victory perches upon our ban
ner."
Short News Items.
The Junior Orchestra at the State TJnl
versity has completed its organization.
It in composed wholly of members of the
class of '98, and will furnlsd the music for
Junior day. Following are the players: First
violin, Rosenthal, Brown, Jones, Miller; sec
ond violin. Dnrler, Levenson; viola, Sargen
tlsch; cellos, Kuster, Huss; b**s. Hunter;
flute, Allen; clarionets Rector, Clark; coro
nets, Dunning, Slawson; trombone, Anderson;
French horn. Murphy; drums, McClain. The
leader is C. C. Davis.
Dr. Robert Ben tley. pastor of Trinity Meth
odist Church, gave an illustrated lecture to
night on "John Bunyan."
The date of the sophomore hop at the State
University has been changed from November
20 to next Friday evening, the 13th.
Junior day at the university will be held
this year on Saturday, December 5, Irtntead of
the Saturday following Thanksgiving. The
farce will be presented at the Macdonough
Theater in Oakland.
Races at the Emeryville track will not be re
sumed until November 16.
An Epworth League has been formed at
Golden Gate, with the following officers-
William C. Main, president; Miss Alice House',
secretary, and J. Fratus, treasur?r.
WOMAN OF THE FUTURE.
Mrs- Hodgson Burnett Gives Her Opin
ion on the Subject.
In the admirable speech in which she
responded to the toast of her health at the
pleasant dinner given in her honor by the
Authors' Club, Mrs. Hodgson Burnett
drew a picture of the woman of the future
thus:
"I think it probable that, say a hundred
years from now, a woman may stand as I
do in some such place as this, the guest of
men who have done the work all the world
has known and honored, an t she will be
the outcome of all the best and most logi
cal thinking of all the most reasonable
and clear-brained men and women, women
and men, of these seething years. She
will know all the things 1 have not learned,
and she will be a woman so much wiser
and more stately of mind than I could ever
hope to be; she will have so much more
brain, so much more fine and clear reason
that if we were compared we should
scarcely seem to be creatures of the same
race. And of this woman I say 'Good luck
to her, great happiness, fair fortunes, and
all the fullest ioyousness of living; all
kind fates attend her, all good things to
her and to the men who will bej her
frieuds.' "— Westminister Gazette.
THAI LI HUNG
CHANG OVERCOAT
The Ruler of the Dudes
Tells How He Happened
to Have It Made.
Ke Exhibits His Raiment and
Shoes to Admiring
Tailors.
BROOK INTERFERENCE.
Mr. Krk Creates His Own Styles
and Repels Suggestions From
Poole and Eell.
The new Li Hung Chans overcoat which
J. Waldere Kirk, the emperor of the dudes,
brought here from New York, and which
has charmed the eye of the multitudes, as
told yesterday, continues to attract at
tention.
The emperor got back last night from a
brief visit to San Jose. No sooner had he
registered at the Palace than a crowd sur
rounded him. When he walked across
t h.- corridor later and finally went to the
grillroom all eyes followed him.
Mr. Kirk is a young man of rather
comely appearance. Attired in his best
suit with his big Li Hung Chang overcoat
on and his trusty walking stick grasped
by the middle he cuts a figure such as is
sure to make the ladies look twice at him.
This is not unpleasant to Mr. Kirk, for all
his life he has been an admirer of the sex
less stern than himself.
When it comes lo coats and other arti
cles of apparel Mr. Kirk is his own
modeler, or, as he says, they are of his
own creation. He will trust nobody else
to do this. Even those whom Mr." Kirk
knows intimately are never consulted, and
as to Bell and other similar authonties|as
to tne architecture of clothes, he will have
none of them unless they comply with
what he thinks is the right idea.
"In these things," said the gentleman
who sets ihe styles, speaking in the plu
ral, "we lead; we do not follow."
It was thus that his slogan went forth.
There has been a number of the San
Francisco tailors who have called on the
distinguished visitor during the last few
days to view his raiment. To each and all
he has been invariably polite.
has not only exhibited the Li Hung
Chang coat, but numerous others con
structed for the various occasions for
which as a leader of the fashions he must
be appropriately att'red. He has also
shown bis ies in all their infinite variety
and brilliancy of finish.
Besides all these and the countless
other things which an eminent gentle
man needs on his travels, he has exhib
ited the fourteen pairs of shoes which
always go with him, and which fill of
themselves a large traveling case.
As to the rings and pins, each set with
rare and costly gems, which the royal
visitor possesses, words fail almost to ade
quate.y set forth their virtues. It is
enough probabty to say that Mr. Kirk is
stocked up in this, as in other respects.
New riiiKs and pins are flas ed every day
and on each occasion as befits it.
Tde Li Hung Chang coat, one of the
M;rnal virtues of which is its liberality of
size as regards the back, is the creation in
which the potentate takes the greatest
pride.
"I like it," he said, "because if necea
Auction Sales
COOK & CO. I
123 Kearny Street.
GORGEOUS, CHINA WARE.
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets, .
The Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Dally at 2 o'clock p. m.
■ P. J. BARTH. Auctioneer.
THE BASCB AUCTION COJIPAn. lac.
319-32 1 SU TKK STK :KT.
Bel. Grant aye. and Stockton St Tele, 'rant 87.
I wills. 11 this aay (ilondav), Nov. 9, 1*96, at 10:30
A. M., at above sa.esroums. a lar^e assortment, of
Fine Furniture, carpets, Stoves Ranges, Crock-
ery, Glassware, etc. >. BASCH, Auctioneer.
lOTIMS MD FURNITURE.
THIS DAY AT 3 P. M.
1838 Market Street, above Van Ness.
FRANK W. BtJTTERPIECD. Auctioneer." ,'
For A. M. Sf'KCIC & CO.. 60S >farker st.
sary it could contain two or thre' men of
m\ size. Nobody e;se has one like it. I
had it made of a beautiful seal brown
raateriai. You bet nobody gets a coat
like that."
Tiue it is, too, as it appears, that no
body has invaded the field so happily
occupied by the Kin?. Mr. Kirk will be
here probably for n we?k.
TO HELP WORTHY WOMEN
The Associated Charities Are
Trying: to Arrange a
New Plan.
Laundris a.d Workrooms Have
Proved to B- Mrst Practicable
in the Eist.
Oakland Office Han Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 8. J
Having successfully launched a wood
yard where men can earn at least food and
lodging, until other employment can be
obtained for them, the A-sociaied Chari
ties is now directing its attention to un
employed women.
There are in this city quite a number of
women who are able and willing to work,
but who are denied tie privilege. By the
records kept in the office of the Associated
Charities it is known that they are in
every respect honorable and worthy. By
corresponding with other cities, ihe in
formation has been gained that the most
practical method of putting these women
in an independent position s by the
establishment of first-class laundries.
The public have, wtiere tne experiment
has been tried, been very generous in the
patronage ot such place*, while it does
not appear that any alternating hardship
has been worked except probably by
throwing a lew Chinese out oi employ
ment.
"Now that the desire of our hearts for
years has becume a fact," said Mrs. S. C.
Borland of the society, yesterday, "and
the woodyard is established, we wish to
begin on the other side of the problem and
provide work ior women also. We reler.
of course, to unskilled laborers who need
just such an opportunity to work as the
woodyard affords to the men. We have
long leit the necessity of this move, but
we have to proceel very slowly, as our
tr cans are so limited. We have discussed
this question occasionally with the benevo
lent and philanthropic women of this
city, an 1 we nave every reason to believe
tnat as soon as they understand that the
association is ready and anxious to in
augurate snch a work, they will respond
nobly to our plea with most geuerous con
tributions.
"Getting started in any business enter
prise is '.he hardest work. In consulting
the reports whit h have come to our office
from various cities we find the successful
and favorite plan for women is the esiab
lishment of laundries and workrooms. In
Brooklyn the quality of work done in
their several laundries ;s first class. The
clothes are all washed and iror.ed by hand
and no injurious chemicals are used. The
laundries are thus not only benefiting
those employed in them, but are render
ing useful service in the community. In
tne various workrooms women are taught
to repair and make over garments from
clothing donated, the garment then be
coming their own property. Meals are
served at the rooms and women take their
turn in preparing tnen». They are taueht
the most economical way of cooking, the
setting of tables and houst cleaning. Those
who cannot do heavier work cut and sew
carpet rags. The re-ult of this experiment
has been that a marsed improvement has
been noticed in the order and . eneral de
portment of the women thus helped.
"Whe.her a laundry in this city in com
petition with the Chinese would be self
supporting we are not prepared to say
just now, but that some such work lor
women is a necessity tnrough the coming
winter is a self-evident lact."
Quarreled at Hume.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Mrs. Alice
Dunlap, residing at 826 Jefferson street,
was taken to the Receiving Hospital to
night to be treated for a cut wrist. She
was accompanied by a man who, after her
wrist was treated, wanted to have her ar
rested. The woman said she had been
quarreling with her husband and things
at.home were very unpleasant.
The Deadly Locomotive.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. B.— Will Nelson,
a middle-aned man, was struck at First
and Broadway this afternoon by tne Ala
meda local train. He was unconscious
several hours before he could tell bis name
and there is little hope of his recovery, as
his skull is seriously injured.
COST A SMALL FORTUNE
Dinner for Thirty for Which a Young
Man Paid 815,000.
The most striking decorations I have
ever seen upon a dining-table were shown
to a few persons before the repast and after
everything was in place, says Good House
keeping. It was at a famous New York
restaurant, one which is noted the world
over. There a young man with a purse
longer than nis pedigree gave the enter
tainment to a restricted number of the
400, thirty in number, if rightly remem
bered.
For the occasion there was an immense
oval table with a large central tank in the
similitude of a lakelet. Bordering this
sheet of clear water stood, as if naturally
growing, water plants with graceful, droop*
Ifejf^ WOOD RESTOREDSS
HIl v < * 5^ fT B?* -**> & tlon 0I a if mou " , encb physician, will quickly cure you of all nf£
■ \JA /*A/ \> -\l ? ous or diseases of the generative organs, such as i Lost Manhood
Hi J&W V «&4J Insomnla v Pa!nBlntheßMlc,Semlnal-£m&tons;"prWn B DebIMK i
£5 VjrrTt A < *®9' £ unpJes, Unfimess to Marry, Exhaustin Drains VarilWlS &uA
*4 N^T* V Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. , Private qnteki
Jj ■- vN—'" -.yr-NSbj/ ness of discharge, which if not checked leads toSpermatorrhcßaard
■ 8^ ORE and AFT R l\l ih * hOTT ?™ ot Inpotrtaey.-. cvrroijisSlnSS ttluw. to«
H' r-wT*.wJ?J^/ .V 6 "". kidneys and the urinary organs oi aU imparities. <^""»w, u«
™ C«JPI»>ENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - • ■ T^- .
__-^ne reason sufferer; are not cured by Doctors fa because ninety per c°nt ara troubled »m«
Pro«t»mi«. CUPIDEIf Eis the only *n6\o remedy to enre without an opVratloF 60C0 telumonC
S A v, wrltt r a , 'l r - n " t< : and money returned if six boxes does not effect a uermanentenSJT
|JLOO a box, six for $5.00, by mail. » Send for fkee circular and testimonials. >-. 111 * 136111 « u f»
: ; Addiea* OA.VOU Jl£.Ui.Ci..SDi UO.i 1170 Market street, San Francisco, CaL Forßaleb*
SPEED m ■ STAYING QUALITIES.
*V^ THESE ARE THE .»
A^ •-. ESSENTIALS OF 2£g*
RACEHORSES OF
HIGH CLASS.
If You Want Something Gilt-edged
. Attend the
Sale of Tlioroughbre] Yearlings
>—^-FROM- — Vf
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
■ SET FOR
THURSDAY, NOV. 12, 1896,
AT
' RILLIP & CO.'S SILESYARD,
Market St. and Van Ness Aye.
Under Canvas by Electric Light.
Youngsters by the Peerless FLAM-
BEAU, the Record-breaker Ricine,
the Very Successful 1 LOUD and Imp.
CYRUS, Half-Brother to Imp. Brutus.
From Many of the Most Famous Brood
Mares in America.
At this sale Brothers and Kalf-brotners to Tort
Celebrities, Sisters and Half-sisters to Great Stake
Winners will be Hit posed of.
JO" Catalogues can be had upon application to
KILLIP CO.,
' ]•; '. Live Mock Auctioneer*. .
11 Montgomery St.
ing leaves, lilies and ins. These were made
to give an anistic fringp, but not enough o
sluu out a view of the luketet. For awim
n:in« in it was a full-grown swan with
proudly arching neck and defiant eye,
king of the pent-up waters.
From the edge of the lake to the outer
circumference of the large oval, imbedded
in moss and looking as if they Had aiw.iys
grown there, were Dotted plant? in blos
som, decreasing in height as the ap
proached the edge. Heavy wlta fragrance
sto-xi hyacinths and trailed rosy s prays,
while the outer circle consisted entirely of
violets. These ended in ha.f-cireles, leav
ing just room for the plates oi the guests.
Thus the entire space was covered witn a
lake and encompassing moss and blos
soms.
From the edge of the lake rose slender
vine and rose-colored columns, terminat
ing perhaps a dozen feet above in a kind
of Turkish kiosk of a light an<i graceful
shape. Here were caged canaries, singing
enough to split their iittle throats. The
tout-ensemble excoeded description or
even imagination.
How much conversation could be en
joyed about that immense banquet-table,
with the frightened swan in iront. the
sini:ine birds above and the overpowering
fragrance of the flowers about all. can be
readily estimated. Altoge her it killed
the royal bird. Whether the guests sur
vived deponent knoweth not. With utili
tarian reeard to cost, it must be added
that the • xpenses of t hi-* one dinner v>re
between $15,000 and $20 000. Happily for
the good sense of the people such a lump
of money is seldom expended so foolishly.
Many of the leading men of France have
become teetota era. The reason for this
is. they claim, they cannot attain the suc
cess in business they desire and drink.
Among them are President Faure and his
Cabinet, Alphonse Daudet, and other
writHrs.
T.HE
WEEKLY
C^LL
'ol It Publishes the Cream of tho
cJ News of the Week and
=>< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
&{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°S PAPER ON THE
S>( PACIFIC COAT
3 Always Republican, but Always
>^J Fair and Impartial in Its
°) . Rendering of the Po-
&( litical News.
3 It's the Paper to Send East if
J You Want to Advertise
3 California.
3 : ' v -.-\ ~~ /—
|Q The Best \ Mining
Telegraphic \/ News That
°> . Service on /\. Is Accurate
erf The Coast / \ & up to date
cj / \
P\ Not a Line of it Sensational
oi or Faky, and Not a. Line of
01 it Dry or llninteresting.
3 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
©/ Bright, Clean, A Champion of
■~J Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
3 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
•3 ALL THE TIME.
2IT ADVOCATES SENT BY '
Til HOME ; MAIL, 51.50
=>< INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR Ml
Xj /Ik Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/»€*>ia (i2~> KEARXY ST. Hstabliahpd
§Sr f^^^k in 18?* for the treatment of Private
a Diseases, Lost Manhood.' Debility or
f J25 KEABXY XT. Established
in 18f4forthetrentmentof Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
-555 disease wearingonbodyandmlndand
'■ \sam 3BsES? Skin Diseases. The doctor cures wben
SS3^SS^4 others fail. Try him. Charges low.
vaJßUWß^Sa rnrMrn»r»nl»rl Callorwrite.
Dr. J. r. «ilßßOK.JSoxio37.SaaFrandaca
910
ACTIVE DUTY IN
ARMY CIRCLES
Routine of Artillery In
struction Resumed at
the Presidio.
Colonel Young of tha Fourth
Cavalry Is Coming to Inspect
New Horses.
SCME RECENT PROMOTIONS
Reports on Athletic Exercises — Ci
ditions of the Obstacle Race in
Ih3 Cavalry Camp.
The regular routine of military duty has
been resumed at the Presidio, Fort Mason,
Alcatraz and Angel Island. Artillery
men, according to orders, were brought
over from the inland posts last week and
given instruction in tho handling of the
dynamite and mortar batteries and the
li-inch rifles. The officers and enlisted
men of the Third Amlleiy welcome the
change from Florida and .Louisiana to
California with delight, but perceive al
ready that the duty in the harbor is to be
active. The magnitude of the fatigue par
ties going out early every morning to
work on the fortifications indicates that the
life of the soldier is not an idle one. lour
ing the past week the weather has been
favorable for worK and drilling;.
Lieutenant - Colonel Samuel B. M.
Young, Fourth Cavalry, will be in town
for two or three days this week. Jle is
coming in from Madera, where his troop
ers are now stationed, to inspect some
horses recently purchased in Southern
Oregon by the quartermaster's depart
ment. Colonel Young will inspect twenty
eight horses. -■ ■■>,*•
On Friday, December 4, Colonel A. S.
Kimball, chief quartermaster of the de
partment, will open proposals for twenty
three horses. The process of selecting
horses for the cavalry is interesting.
The cost averages $123 per animal, but not
own than one of every twenty horses
offered is accepted. , The horses to be re
ceived must conform to the following
specifications:
They must be sound, well bred and of a su
perior class; gentle under the saddle; free
from vicious habits ; with tree and prompt ac
tion at the walk, trot and iruliop;Uviihout
blemish or defect; of a kind disposition, with
easy month and gait, ami otherwise to con
form to the following: description: Geldings
of uniform anci hardy coiors; in good condi
tion; from fifteen and one-luu.-rii to sixteen
hands high; weiebl not less than 950 nor
more than 1150 pounds; from four to eight
years old; head and ours small; ' forehead
broad; eyes large and prominent; vision per
fect in every respect; siioulders long ana slop
ing well back; chest full, broad and deep;
forelegs straight and standing well under;
barrel large and increasing iroin girth toward
flank; withers elevated; back short and
straight; loins and haunches broad and mus
cular; hocks well bent and under the horse;
pasterns slanting and feet small and sound.
A horse under 4 years of age will not be
accepted, unless he is a specially fine
animal, well developed. Of the twenty
three cavalry horses required, two must be
blood bay color, six must be iron pray,
seven must be black, seven must bo dark
bay and one must be gray. <
When a band of horses is chosen, for
instance in Southern Oregon, the Chief
Quartermaster sends a man there to make
a preliminary inspection. The lirst in
spection is so thorough that the horses
which pass are almost sure to be accepted
at the Presidio, unless bruised or blem
ished by transportation.
There is some rejoicing in military
circles of San Francisco over lecent pro
motions. Lieutenant Sydney A. Clonian,
First Infantry, has been advanced one
grade in the lieutenancy. The promotion
follows so soon after his successful sire
ship of the united service jinks at the
Bohemian Club, that there is sure to be a
demand in army circles for the honor of
siring a jinks.
James M. Lancaster, Third Artillery,
has been promoted to major, Fourth Ar
tillery. Joseph ■M. Califf has been pro
moted from first lieutenant to captain,
Third Artillery.
Morris K. Barroll has been promoted
from first lieutenant. Second Artillery, to
first lieutenant, Third Artillery.
Additional Second Lieutenant James N.
Pickering, Tsnth Infantry, is to be second
lieutenant, Flr3t Infantry, Company D.
Lieutenant G. K. Irwin, Third Artillery,
has been ordered from Jackson barracks,
La., to his battery at Angel Island. , -
Major John A. Darlmc, Third Artillery,
has been printed r leave of absence until
June 7, 1897, . with, permission to go be
yond the sea.
Furloughs have been granted to John
Jacoby, Company G, First Infantry, and
Charlie Morion, Battery 11, Third Artil
lery,
A general . court-martial is to meet in
camp at or near Madera, California, on
November 20. Following is the details for
the court: .'.:-'r'. "
Captain George 11. G. Gale, Fourth Cavalry;
Captain James Lockctt, Fourth Cavalry; Cap
tain Merritte.W. Ireland, .assistant surgeon:
First Lieutenant Harry C. Benson. Fourth
Cavalry; First Lieutenant John A. Lockwood,
Fourth Cavalry; First Lieutenant Alexander
T. Dean, Fourth Cavalry; First Lieutenant
Paul F. Straub, assistant surgeon; Second
Lieutenant Milton F. Davis, Fourth Cavalry;
Second Lieutenant Samuel McP. Rutherford,
Fourth Cavalry; Second Lieutenant Thomas
G. Carson, Fourth Cavairy, judge advocate.
The Secretary of War has given the fol
lowing instructions with reference to par
agraph 555 of the Manual of Heavy Artil
lery Service: .
In all modern emplacements where puns
and carriages are mounted and have been
transferred to commanding officers of troops
for care and maintenance, If the platforms
have been completed lor n less time than two
months their carriages shall be traversed dally
so as to change their places of rest on the tra
verse circles. In case of pl&tfortns which have
been completed for two months or longer it is
directed that the carriages be traversed
weekly. . ;
Circular No. 12. from headquarters De
partment of California contains elaborate
extracts from the reports of athletic ex
ercises at Alcatraz Island, Benicia Bar
racks, ban Diego S Barracks and camp of
Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, Weishar's
Mills, California.
The "obstacle race" in the cavalry camp
must have been ; interesting. These con
ditions were prescribed:
Contestants in underclothing, with saddle
blanket, bed-blanket and sheets half spread
beneath them. By them their outer clothing,
overcoat. leg^ins and spurs. Also nose bag.
Complete kit on racks fifty yards distant, all
loose. Also brown canvas clothing.
Horse on picket line, 100 yards distant from
racks. •
Signal "To horse."
ORDER OP EXECUTION.
Dresijputon legging and spurs. Rollover
coat and blanket.
Fold saddle-blanket ...
Go to and pack saddles.
Bring up horses from picket line.
Saddle and bridle.
Put on accouterments.
Lead into line and stand to horse, fully
equipped. ' ■ ■■'
Re»t until last man has led out.
At signal: .,:-
Unsaddle and lay out tit in front of horses
as per drill regulations.'- - .... ■- .-.-.. -.-•■:
Return horses to picket line. Come back to
racks, take Off blouse, spurs and leggins ' and
put on brown clothing. ■.. '■ . . ' '
Awards by points, not only for quickness in
I execution but also for neatness, completeness
of kits, etc. -. = ; ",
There were three contestants. The prize
was won by Corporal Addleman; time,
first half, 8 minutes 40 seconds; second
half, 3 minutes.
At San Diego Barracks there was boat
racinsr, and boats had to be hired for the
occasion. The post commander at San
Diego, probably a young officer, managed
to gel in one blow on the quartermaster's
department. In commenting on tieUl day,
the ollicer says: "It is a matter ol con
stant regret to us as well as a surprise to
the public mind that tho pos!, with its
tine water facilities and tht necessity (aud
economy for official visits to ship 5 ) lor a
boat, has not a suitable barge. With no
funds for prizes and no gymnasium, it is
rather disheartening to remember that a
requisition for such a boat was disapproved
in March last, after having been approved
by the department commander. It is
hoped that the nsw uses which can be
made of such a boat, which are so entirely
in accord with the expressed wishes of tr.e
major-general commanding the army,
with reference" to uthletics, may cause a
favorable consideration oi our necessities."
WATCH JAPAN WELL
There Is Need of It. no Mr. Thompson
Says, or Labor "Will Be fcn
<laii£erod.
Hon. D. P. Thompson of Oregon, ex-
Minister to Turkey, arrived here yester
day, alter having been in Japan since
August. Mr. Thompson ran for Governor
of Oregon in 1890, but was beaten by
Pennoyer by 5000 vote?, the Democrats and
Populists having fused against Mr.
Thompson, who is a Republican.
Mr. Thompson carefully looked up
manufacturing in Japan. He says ho has
returned more than ever convinced that
San Francisco needs protection. The
Japanese now have a great cotton-cloth
factory in Osaka. They get the cotton
from the Uniiei States via Liverpool and
through the buez canal, and with their
cheap labor are able to make cotton goods
lar cheaper than we, and sell the gooas
finally to us.
Itis the same way with bicycles.c les. Three
great factories have sprung up in Osaka
and there the Japanese are turning out
large numbers of pretty fair bicycles at M
yen each, or $17. L.adot only coats 15 cents
a day.
••I was never before as pronounced a
| protectionist as now, because of what 1
«w there," saia ex-Minister Thompson.
I "We must look sharp and shut out Ja
panese competition, or our labor will be
endangered."
Mr. Thompson will leave for home in a
day or two. He is one of the oldest and
wealthiest residents of Orezon.
OR. CASE TALKS POLITICS
Tells What the People Should
Do in Order to Secure
Good Government.
The Speaker Says This City is the
quarters of Masked and
. Veneered Djviitry.
"After the Election, What?" was the
subject selected by Rev. Dr. Case last
night. Among other things he said:
A great election like that of last week is
a great focalizer of thought and feeling.
It was a nation in ferment, a nation
aroused. It was the most thoughtful
canvass of the century, and more people
knew why they voted for Bryan or Mc-
Kinley than ever before. It was a most
hopeiul canvass, an intelligent focusing of
thought. The people knew what they
were voting for and did not hesitate to do
it. All this means the breaking up of old
party lines, the burying of old issues and
the taking up of new.
The two old parties are slowly disin
tegrating, for there are other things to be
considered besides the question of low
tariff or high tariff. There are moral
issues mat must and will be considered. I
do not think I want to live another hun
dred years, but the coming generation will
witness a new era of things. Our land is
the battlefield of the world. It is destined
to become a field of blood, in which priest
craft, saloon.", misrule, atheism, infidelity,
anarchy, monopoly, capitalism, pauper
ism, laziness, socialism and crime will
take part. There will be great struggles
between great armies, and only the Om
nipotent can tell what, the political com
plexion will be a hundred years hence.
But, after the election what? Election
i« a sort of socialism or communism — a
bringing together of nil the forces favor
ing either candidate. After the election
it becomes an individualism. A sol
emn trust is imposed in the suc
cessful candidates and th« , people
who elected them should not quietly
slip in the background. We should work
all the time and see to it that the bosses
are downed. We. must do away with the
spoils system ; it is a harbinger of crime
and is generally demoralizing to the
asses, v;
The greatest obstacle in our municipal
government is the boodler element, that
is, the man who buys a vote and the man
who sells it. It ought to be a penitentiary
offense for a man to sell his ballot. To
overcome this we must educate the peo
ple, beginning with the little children.
We want men to feel the power of per
sonal influence. I think we should ask
every man who runs for office if he has a
wife, and if so what kind of a woman she
is. If a man is not married, then we
ought to know the kind of women he con
sorts with after regular business. It is
this subtle, unseen influence that we want
to purify tiiemunicipa:ity.
Among the people there is at present
but little happiness, wnereas thirty or
forty years .12:0 there was contentment.
The air is full of pessimism and crime is
stalking unchecked through the land.
Nearly every day we hear of a suicide, and
the divorce courts are full to overflowing.
Men are trying to band together as Popu
list?, socialists, labor unions and such
things, and for the most uart, especially
in Europe, they ignore God. But the
wants of the poor are just as pressing as
before these organizations came.
The interests of San Francisco demand
a number of radical reforms, but the poor
have to wait. How long? How lone be
fore Sunday closing? . How long before
municipal honesty? How long before the
rich are taxed in proportion to the poor?
How long before San Francisco shall be
one of God's cities instead of the head
quarters of masked and veneered deviltry?
But the world moves. The good old times
were the bad old times. Time was never
so old as now and never ho good. But we
can make them better. How? Bygettinc
right in with God. ' .'
"'.-.■•"■■ . » • • ■ .
BURGLARY IN A GROCERY.
Charles Lane, a Young Man, Arrested—
, \ lie Confesses Hi* Guilt. :
Charles Lane, a laborer, 19 years of age,
was arrested yesterday by Policeman Cnl
linane on a charge of petty larceny. Two
months ago he stole a pair of shoes from a
shoemaker and he was wearing them when
arrested.
.; A burglary had been reported as having
occurred early yesterday morning in H.
Meyers' grocery, southeast corner of Eddy
and Buchanan streets. A rear window had
been pried open and $26 had been stolen
from 1 the till.
Detective Graham had been detailed on
the)case and he suspected Lane. He saw him
in the prison and ascertained • from him
that his suspicions were correct, and that
he had buried $18 85 of the money in a
woodshed in the rear of 719 Willow avenue
where he lived. ■ Graham"; went 'to toe
place and found the ; money. He at once
held Lane on an additional charge of bur
clary. ■ - ■;■'■' -.-'A' '-•-.-. ■
. - - ♦ — -•
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money ait fails to cure, 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
A Revival of Business
Believed to Be Near
at Hand.
The Savings Banks to Gradually
Resume the Loaning
of Money.
RECENT IMPORTANT SALES.
The Menlo Park Property in the City
of Los Angeles to Be Sold
at Auction.
The indications during the past week for an
enrly revival and quickening of trade, com
merce nnd manufacture haVe Deen most pro
pitious. Although the real estate market in
this City at the present time is inactive,Jpromi
nent dealers express the belief that a decided
improvement for the better is near at hand,
ana look forward to thd next few months
bringing these returns.
The savings banks express their intention
of gradually resuming the loaning of money
which was almost entirely suspended a few
months ago.
The most Important transfer of the week
was effected by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. in
the sale of the property on the north line of
Geary street, west of Powell, wnich was for
merly occupied by the Union League Club.
The lot has a frontage of 50 by a depth of
137:6 teet, and tiie price reported is said to be
about $900 a front foot. Miss Juauita Lnveaga
is the seller ami A. Arousun the purchaser.
fn place of the old building now on the lot
plans are being prepared for a six-story struc
ture of brick and stone to cost in the neigh
borhood of $7r>,000.
Tne following is taken from Magee's Circular
for October:
"Although four or five largo sales or ex
changes of real estate were made in October,
•be market generally was a very dull and
waning one. The question of the election
ruled. • * •
"There is an immense amount of money in
investors' hands — money drawn from banks as
well as money gathered in from rents, pay
ment of debts, etc. * • * Therein likely to
be a very decided increase in real estate sales.
The rise in wheat and crapes, and the im
proved value of country landt which followed,
tend to benefit City real estate. Many persons
had their confidence in City real estate weak
ened by the continuous fall in prices of agri
cultural products, which began about live
years Ago, and the reduced value of agricul
tural lands which followed.
"There is still a fair demand for lots ■worth
$1500 to $3000 and of vacant lots of the value
of $3000 to $5000. • • *
'• All of our city savings banks combined lent
only $3-10.835 in October, against $865,275 in
October, '95, und $1,099,445 in October, '94.
Small as the amount 01 money lent last month
was, too, the figures are larger man the facts,
for a', «st one- third of the mortgages recorded
were renewals of old loan** and not the letting
out of new money. Applicants for loans last
mouth wore told that they could have all
the money they wanted in November
ifMcKinley was elected. Now, ns this was the
answer at all ol the banks— the oflieers of some
of which are prominent' Democrats — it can
safely be asserted that such answer was not
born of politics but of facts which are not all
within the control of bank directors.
Private lenders last month lent $352,522 on
city real estate mortgagee. The rate of iuter
est they exacted was greater than that charged
by savin?* banks. The total number of mort
gages recorded in October was 315, of the
total value of $(!!»."». 507. against 173 releases
of the value of $384,048."
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were fifty-eight deeds recorded durlns
the week.
The mortgages numbore'l forty-eight and
were fora total of $73,004. Among them
were the following:
By Robert V. and Catherine A. McCann to
the Hibernia 15 ink, $0000. lor one year nt (1 1 .,
Dei cent, on properly at the south corner of
Tenth and Harrison streets. 55x100 feet, end
southwest Hue of Tenth. 100 feet foutheast of
Harrison. 25x100 feet. BjrUeoisre 11. Bihrs to
the Ilumholdt Bank. 95000, for one year at 0
per cent.on property on th« north sid- of Pace
street, 150:3 feet west of Scott, 25x137:0 feet.
By J. C. and A. W. M. Jens to Elizabeth L.
O'Connor, $4000, for two years at 8 per
cent per annum, on property on th» northwest
corner of Twenty-tilth street and Treat ave
nue, 02 :Gx7s feet. By William 11. McNeil! to
lleglna Scheyer, $4000 for one year at 7, per
cent 0:1 property on tho west side of Van Ness
nvenue, 107:0 feet south of Vallejo street,
30x123 ieet. By Adalinc A. Haskln and Mary
H. Porter to Hibernia Bank, $2500 for one
year at per cent on property on the south
side of Post street, 137:0 feet west of Polk,
28:0x120 feet. By William Linden to Hum
boldt Bank. $2800 to January 4, 1898. at. 7
percent par annum on property nt the north
west corner of Twenty-fourth and Vicksburg
streets. 50x114 feat. By Emily Creny to Ilut;-.
-boldt Bank. $2750 for one year at IS% r>«>r cent
on property on south side of Post street, 275 east
of Stockton. 41:0x63 feet. By Joseph 1.. and
Caroline Wilson to liibernia Bank, $2800 for
one year at (>}•£ ncr cent, on property south
west corner of: Filbert street nnd Van Net!
avenue, the northwest corner of Mason street
and Van Ness avenue. ■ Br Deede M. Tnylor to
Sophie K. Cbapuette, $2500 for one year at 10
per cent, on property on the north side of Cl»y
street, 118:1?^ feet west 01 Stockton, 19:4'.,x
GB:ofed. > '
The releases numbered thirty-eight and were
for $113,237. The principal ones were as fol
lows :
From Henrietta S. Calcf to Abraham Aron
son, $30,000 on proparty on north side of Post
Street, 137:7 feet west of Stockto*, 37:0 x
137:0 feet; from German Bank to John Kerr,
$15,500 on property on the northeast side of
Eighth street. 40 feet northwest of Minna, 40
xOS feet; trom Moses Soiomon to George Mid
dleraas, $8500 on property in block 17 of the
Fairmount Tract; by Mutual Savings Bank to
James ('. Nolan, $8190 on property on west
line of Devl>alero street, 100 feet north of Mc-
Allister, 75x125 feet; by Joseph Kitter
raau to Joslah and Surah B. • Johns,
$3300 on property on the east line
01 Sanchez street, 195 south of Twenty-third,
20x92 feel; by German Bank to Henry nnd
KHz 1 both Cunningham, $3000 on property on
west line of Sanchez street, -16 ieet south of
Jersey, ■ 08x100 feet, and lot on south line of
Jersey street, 100 feet west of Sanchez. 25x114
feet; by Hibernia Ban X to Willard M. and
Kliza M. Smith, $3000 on property on the east
line of Jones street, 08 feet south of Jones,
22:11x03:9 feet.
A five-story brick and stone building is to
bo built by W. Mack on his property on Fre
mont street, recently purchased irom tho gas
company. ■■ ■ ."-..■• .
A J. Rich & Co. report the lease of the store
at M and 30 Kearny «treet fur a term of three
year* at a rental of $350 a month. *
. Among the recent, large subdivisions of
property placed on the market is- a block of
land in Richmond, between Tenth and Kiev
enth avenues, California and Lake streets.
Bovee, TO7 & Sou mag, the agents, have had
the property graded Hud the sewerage and
street work surrounding the block all com
pleted. ■
A striD of land which will serve as the ex
tension of Shrader street, between Beulah and
Frederick, was deeded to the City, during the
past week by the Crocker Estate Company. ; .
■ The laying of the foundations for the Affili
ated Colleges buildings will be begun in a lew
days.' ' ' ' ■."""•■" ". ' : . ' ■
The Western Addition is to have a new po
lice ' patrol ' building .on - the south side - of
o'l-'arrell street, between Devisadcroand Brod
erlek.gjpßSjßSMß* ; . , . '.
Plans are now being prepared for a four
story and basement . brick building on me
property recently purchased by J. F. Ormark
at the corner of Geary and Williamson street*.
The new structure will cost about $12,000,
and will be arranged with stores below und a
boarding-house above. '^<@giwqgn|M)N|HHßSgn|
The work of laying sidewalks on Folaom and
Alabama streets, from Twenty-sixth to I'recita
avenue, has thus far progressed in good shape.
There is a disposition now, however, to delay
the matter ; on the part of two wealthy non
resident property-owners s who, it is t stated,
have 1 always; been ready to retard anything
that might tend to improve the neighborhood.
. The Ghirardelli Company are -rebuilding;
their 1 remises on •' Jack<on ; street, near San
some, - recently destroyed *by tire. Before : the
work ■ la ; completed it i will -necessitate an ex
penditure of about $10,000. :i > '
The sixth annual meeting ol the Eureka
Building and Loan Association wns held on
the 4th inst., and the following officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President, A.
Andrews; vice-president. J. E.'Millar; secre
tary, Solomon J. Levy; treasurer, Daniel
Meyer; \ attorneys, R<;instein A Eisner; direct
ors—George Fredericks, GJorKe S. Folsom, F.
i. Drvden, B. Goldfish, J. F. Neppert. . -.- '
The Market-street railway expects to begin
work before lone on the extension of the Mis
sion-street electric system to the couutv line.
About a mile Hnd a half of double track will
have to be luid south from Onoridago avenue
to reach San Mateo County. A short exten
sion will also be built on Sickels avenue, from
Mission street into Ocean View. It is the ulti
mate intention of the Market-street railway to
extend tlie Mission-street system to the ceme
teries in San Matco County."
Eastou, Eldridge A Co. will sell at auction
in the city of Lok- Angeles on Saturday, No
vember 14, about 300 lots, being a portion of
the Memo Park addition of that city. The
same firm Is also preparing for a large auction
sale of personal property, comprising hordes,
cattle, funning Implements, etc., at Chino, In
San Bernardino County, lor the California
Jleet Suear Estate and Land Company. .
The San Francisco Mutual Loan Association
neM its fourtceum annual meeting on
Wednesday evening and selected 'he follow
ing officers: President. Thomas J. Welsh; vice
president, Charles A. Malm; treasurer, Wil
liam Wagner; secretary, A. Sbarboro; attorney
for San Francisco, I).' Freidenrtch; attorney
for Aiameda County, Land Title Company of
Oakland. In addition to the first four named
pentleraen A. Merie, G. B. Cevasco, B. Doyle,
James H. Barry and F. W. Seibel were elected
directors.
The secretary reported that the shares of
the fourth seiies would mature in about three
months to the lull value of $200 a share. The
shares of the fifteenth series are being rapidly
subscribed.
The Merchants' Association nas taken up
the subject of a better system of street light
ing throughout the downtown section. The
same plan as recently adopted by the Polk
street merchants and properly owner? Is to be
urged by the Merchants' Association. It is
claimed that if the streets were better lighted
by night with electricity the City would be
rendered more attractive and its business
prosperity would thereby be increased.
; Sales arc reported by A. M. Speck & Co., as
follows: The s»von-room house and lot,
20x02:0, at 3004 Lacuna street, for $3250;
two llats and lot 23x60, at 22 Glover street,
for $2000. and a lot 25x137:0, on the south
line of Oak street, 98 feet fas; of Ashbury, for
$2300.
Yon Ithcln A Co. report the following recent
sales: Lot 27 :0xlOO, i.ortheost corner of Lomb
ard and Jones streets, with lot adjoining on
Jones street, 25x109:0 feet, and residence,
$8250; lot 21x82:0 feet, south line of Green
iitreei, 172 lect cast of Dupont, with improve
ments, $3000; lot 25x100 feet, south line of
Ninth avenue, 275 ftet west of M street,
9132 50; lot 75x105 feet, south line of Ninth
avenue, 200 leet west of M street, $450; lot
50x200 feet, southwest line of Fourth avenue,
'-00 feet northwest of N street and running
through to Fifth r.venue, $3050; lot ICOxIOO
feet, northeast corner, of Eignth avenue nnd N
street. $1250: lot 42x145 Teel, north line of
Nineteen street, between Hartford and Noe,
with improvement?, $2750.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J B Allen A w, Sacto H Simons. lowa Hill
Miss M JuliPMin, N V a N Mntson, New York
C W liiiuruck «st w, Cal G Gubtier. San Jo-ie
II W (rabo. Oakvilie J .-> sppuu I, Vallejo '
.1 C Duncan Brrueloy B W Freer, Cleveland
G G Subels, Mare Island J M Davis. Va
C IX niouou, Monrovia W A Bu;.ertield, Mon-
Mrs Browulug, >»n Jose rovia
Miss c. Walker, San Jose R N Utilla, Los Angeles
.1 B Cleveland, cal F Gardner, Cal
W C Goo!. Santa Kosa (J P Anil Col lisa
C F hoberta, Eureka a L.lonnson, Laston
C FSteftuer, I astou . H C Ray. Vlsalla
AI Orlflln, Fresno « a Gr.ibam, Frisno
ii W llsley. Fresno J C Pay ton & w, Napa
MrsFDV'anderlip. Fresno Mlsi Vanderllp. Fresno
T B Hayes, Lot An*eie* J M Dav«>. Va City
O E QIOMOO, Momov.a M J Mulryan, LOl Ang
ii Duvergey. cal J A Northway, .\. v city
X Dickens, Va W A llutterlli Id. Vu
.1 c .«o?k. Oulasa O Sullivan, colim
C H Reeil. 81. Oblspo .1 Lin I, miv Luis Ob s>o
H Aiexanuer, Arroyo (.'r G E Kennedy, Llvermo're
B B BaatWOoa^ Fresno
LICK HOUSK.
It C Wa'rath, Nevada Cy G» o X Church, Fresno
Mis a Kuaeaihai. Jlderj. 'i' W Curell, Hols o
kin B Roberta. Mad<-ra A c Broyles. Chlco
.Mi^^ ,:ob.r.s, Madera Mrs W B Durfee, Fall R
MrsU Est(;veiison,>hs:a Mrs V, Durfee, Fall River
W D Mack, lloqulam Jos Dur:<--. s-nartsvill c
V C Saffonl, sau Jos i Cbas M Mannon, &t»n frd
Miss -afford, .-aa Jos) F J Cram, Cnlco
Joan St. lnker, Lake Co J W McLean. California
Mrs I M Walsh, Stock:n A S Hammond. Medford
Ms, secleri, sock ion Mrs A P GolU.-uein. Si.k
11 W Clover, Stockton Wis Cluster. r.Sj Alert
Miss A Mi call, Sia Cruz i,eo Nunu^maKer.Visa:ia
1 -.'las » Hall. X V J Nolan. California
.1 M Mannoo, Berkeley W H Kent, Petnluraa
X X \\ Irschlng. J.s Ang O J Woodward. Fresno
Geo L Arnold, 1 s Angl« T X White, Fresno
J II Brown. Itio Dell Ed Schward. Fresno
Miss Sadie Brown, R Dl Frank Flower. Fresno
&1 Brady. Stockton A .-. Davis, Los Ancelci
Ch« 8 X Gardner. X V J seblller, San Diego
Thos Gos-i, Los Ange'es
PALACE HOTEL."
a Lang. Stockton It U Flint, San Juan
Mrs G j.iius. Stockton C Laugntou. London
Mr if: Mrs Warner, Ldn l»r Gruonwald, Berlin
J F Francis, LAnse.es U H siewar;, L Angeles
HZ O-ibortie, LAngew E P Johnson, L Angeles
I! W Lee, Lo* Ance.es I) Rojenuuum. .Stockton
P B Fraser, Stockton J M Gait, Stanford
Peter Allaire, Stanford C Warren, Stanford
11 J Cox. Stanford J F Meagber. Chicago
II A Anderson, Boston Mrs J F Meagher, Chgo
\V G War, Detroit FA Mont<omvry,Bojton
8 Gnartl, lo\ Angela* C it Glllcurl.tt. London <
.Mrs S i.uart!, Lo* Ang Mrs Glllchrlst, London !
JI. Peakes. Stockton - i- \V Banaajr, Londo.i .
It H H Variel, Los Ang W M Sheldon, L Anceles
CHelnue, »tanfo.-d B X Valentine. Brooklyn
Miss Valentine, Hi ooklyn P HWithtngton,Ja<-k>o-i
s L oyd. London Mrs Wtthinston, Jackson
Mrs S Lloyd, London Miss Lloyd, London
BALDWIN HOTEL.
P Dunne, Chicago Miss Ilonnetta, Chicago
F P 1 anc, Santa liosa lir E s c ase L'kiah
J«' Lgrneta, Cur.,monga P R Ruben, Fresno
F G Mos>-s. Nt-wark W WriKin & w, sac
R .1 R Ail<n, Va !-j > J Page, New York
J H Maiih-wi, Denrer Miss lorinno, Net York
l ■ Prince. .New YorK Miss E Sir. cklaurt, N V
Mish N Sir tklami. N V MiSsM Arnold, N V
Miss O Burke, N V M<si J Follard, N V
Mis* M .lo.ce. N V J Par<, New } ork
«■ J{o^--rsoii, New York F W <;<>rna, .New York
J Howe, New York J Connolly, New York
N MrN.il, X -\v Y.,rk J H Baxter, New York
Mrs E C Herd. Eureka W A lm-,t w, Oakland
W E Moore, 111 W uowuev, iteytnond
J A Morils-y. S'ockton J Leonard, Cal
0 i. Matagefe, n y Rev Deianey, N Orlpans
M !• Mterens. sto-kton c U Davis, Palo Alto
1. 11 Dragstern, 111
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEU
J McL'oy <k w. Oakland Ii T Klne, Fresno
A L Btlmaa, Nevada G B Caru.h, Monterey
A T QfOTe <X w.CentorvlC '1 homax, Centervllle
Mr* Da\ls, llaywardti F Alexander <k w, Napa
A Cuter, 1 onial»s M L Mm N V
Jlri A C Adam* it f, Cal J P Dueibus. Stockton
M Adams it w. s i;osa <i vv Monter, Santa Rosa
<i W Marks, Cal J ECon.ioil. San Miueo
J Klesninif, Portland W 'Jhomly A w, s Har
M F JolniHo.i. Cliiro J It Lewis. Stockton
I) R Bell. Portland B II Becker. Sp.ma
A D Ninitb, Fresno (i li-nuan. Tulan-
S H Garner, Fresno M C Start. Fresno
H Vanderburi:, Hanford 11 Elder, Hanford
W Unges, >elma W O l_a Grange, Sclma
Ii Reynold-,
NEW WESTERN HOTEU
W ] Scott. Albany J CllC 11 misty. Caifornla
1-: Boyc^. Ilutte. J A Finnvll, Selma
W Hr.idoury, San Diego s W Uk- <t wife.Clilcago
AWsk id more, Cs A B Fechyen, Rodeo
It H Hauey, Itodeo Mls« .Tackson, California
J Burke. Oakland T Toy, California
T Anders n. l ailfornla J A Morris, USA
D X (ianuro, D H A A I' Arens. Oakland
II (' Austin, Kansas W D Clausen. USA
J Miles, >uisun J A Wilson, Suisun
J Staetisbury, Suisnn
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
j_ BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cat.i
-710 Market street, opeu - until : 12 . o'clock every
nifrht in the year. v
BKANCH OFFICES— »27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:3o o'clock.,
S3» Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Slxteeutli and Mission streets, op«»
cd til 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
lib Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
KUXICJC Of BIKJiTINCih.
____§* _ SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER • a
»?;.-• Hoyal ArcU- Masonv meets .jflV.
THIS EVENING. M. M. decree. .
• . 'H. O.PKlNCE..S<!cretary. /*&*<
If^= FIDELITY LODGE >o. 120, F. •■
K^-* 7 . and A. M.-Fuueral Notice. oilicla:s_*V-
and nifiubiMs are requested to «.isoiiil>le at^Tf\
1:30 p. it. THIS DAY (MONDAY) at Ma- /W
so-iicrempie. for.the purpose of conduct the
luneral hervic k of our late brother. MICH AEL
Sr.l.li;S()N, ihence to Hi! s of Eternity Cemetery
by o:S0p. m. train. By order of the W. M. •■■- '• ■
-'•■-- FREDERICK BA RRY, Secretary.
_t^s= KING SO.-OMON'S LODGE, No. m -
■»>*' 200, F. and A. M.; corner Geary anil-Jt
Stelner -Called meeting HIS (MOX-Tjf
DAY) evening at . 7 :30 o'clock. First/vN
degree. By order of the Master. •
■'■ " '' - HARRY" BAKIIR, Secretary.
I^S 1 HKKMA LODGE. No. 1.77 __
»**"- F. and A. M.— Called meeptine THIS A
DAY (MONDAY). November 9. 180 S. at'jf V
7: JO p. M. Decree 2. •By order of the W.:JL'rv>
'-.": ••>-. . .L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.' :
gt^ 3 " OCCIDENTAL LODGE No. 22, •
■>~*' F. and A. M.— Called ? meeting for J^
THIS (Monday) X V X N INO at 7:30 O'clock. 'X Jt
First degree. By order of the W. M. - 1* ■: - : /V>
: ..•-.-• . ■: ; :EUW. F. DELOER. Sec. -'
__T__f THE Ri-.GUL\R ANNUAL MEETING
■»-*' of Hip stockholders of the CALIFORNIA
WINEMAKERs 1 CORPORATION "111 be held at
the Chamber cf Commerce, 431 California s:., San
Francisco, on WEDNj-sDaY, November 18.
1896, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. ; .
•"i .•; :. J'f j . ;■■ J. H. WHEELED, Secretary. ■'"
IKS' A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THK
■5-C WEKKI V CALL, la wrapper, lor mailing.
■ SPECIAL, NOTICES.
uEJ__r GAS t IX I' UR^o^lXDir~To^o]ta>Kß?
«*-*' cheapest place in the -city. H. . HUF-
' SCUM I 623 Golden Gate avt». '- .
t_r-s?* BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK,
I*-^" Law and Collection Oflice. 102:t Market as. :
.SZjS-\ BAD TENANT^ i-.JKCTKD FOR *i:
*-*" rollections made, city tiT country. Paclfla
1 riv-r-ifn i-o. 41S -,| t... - room B. T»*. !>f>* '
SITUATIONS \\ A.M'tii- Jb'LUALK.
I ADIES DESIP.INO FIRST CLASS HELP OF
; !■> all nationalities, male or female, please call or
send orders to MISS CULLEN. 323 Batter st
UMBER OF GIRLS. ALi. NATIONALITIES,
X> awaiting loim at MRS. Ill RD'», 721 Kills.
GK R MAN EM PLOY OFFICE, 306 MA-
VJ son st., furnishes best lieln of all nationalities.
A MIDDLE-AGED, GOOD, STIIONG WOMAN
xv and knows how to work Is honest a; d steady;
Is a tine bonsecleaner and laundress, would like a
few moro days' work or co steady in a (rood home:
small family, small wash; i-i all alone; i» greatly
In need of work. Please call immediately 252y 2
Third st.. room 3. ,
TRONG. RELIABLE GERMAN Wo.»IAN
wishes a position to do washing. Ironing and
honsec.eanlng by the day: references given; also a
young German Kirl wishes a position 10 ten 1 store
in a bakery or do general housework; not afraid of
work. Please call 264 Jessie sl, near Fourth, tase-
nient. . ... . -. . ,
ESPKCTABLE WOMAN Wa.vis WORK
Xl< by the day or week: washing, s?:imstering or
housework, or would make herself orally use-
lul. Please ca'l or writ* 318 Minna »L. basement.
A NEAT GERMAN GIRL \MSHEs SITUA- |
•TV tion: Is good cook and thornughiv understands |
nousekceplnir. Please call 4383 Seventeenth at.
*'• S.— Employment office need not answer.
RE F I N ED LADY WOULD LIKE A POSI-
! lion for light work or care of 1 child: refer-
ences: do not wr t-; please call; men need no, ap-
Ply. MRS. S.. 860 Mission st. .
T>ESPE«-TABLE WOMAN WISHES A. -ITU
Xt cilnn to do veneral housework: pood cook and
laundress: many years' reference. 350 Precita aye.
A BLK GERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK
-»• brtliPdav; laundry or bousscleaning. Refer-
ence in store 9:7 Mission street.
GOMPEiK.ST W'OMA.N WaNTs WORK BY
' the day; washing or housekeeping. Call or
address 419 Natoma street, in rear.
GERMAN GIRL DESIRES A PLACE TO DO
VJ Hxht housework, second orunswiira work: 744
HowarJ street.
"yoUNUtiIRL WANTS PLACE TO DO GEN-
X eral housework; good references. Apply 210
Turk st. #
"V OUNG WOM A N (STENOGRAPHER)
X wishes position in law or bu«inees office. Ad-
dress C. c, box 167. Call Ofllce.
"V' OUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES TO AS-
X gUt at imusenork and take care of children.
Apply 488 Elgnth at.
EXPERIENCED DRI>S.MAKER FROM THE
East, good cutter and titter, wants position
with family; would assist with work; good ref-
eiences. Address for 1 week l»3l Mission st.
VI IDDLK-AGED SWi-.DIMI WOMAN, FlKST-
■i'l class rook and housewcrker: good laundress
$15 to $20: references. Apply -MRS. NORTON,
Swedish Employment Bureau, 315 Sutler st.
ITTKST-CLASS DRiISSMaKER WILL WORK
J for 31 25 per day, or take work home. 1004
Market st.
I REBSMAKEK WOULD LIKE WORK BY
XJ the day; nt guaranteed: reasonable: or take
work home. 515 Jessie st.
QWEDISH «IHL DESIRE-* POSH lON TO DO
0 general housework-. Call 924 Natoma st.
TABLE CAPABLE WOMAN WOULD
like work by the weak or mouth, cooking or
as housekeeper; no objection to country. 1233
Union at., near Larkin.
\\i ill work by THE DAY; 81 AND si 25
»' Address Polk st.
LADY WISHES IOSITION AS HOU3K-
keeper; city or country. 433 Natoma st.
\\r UR&E WiS«tS To TAKE CHARGE
•» of an Infant In a private family. M. P., box
104, Call. ; .- :
YDL'.Mi SWEDISH LADY WOULD LIKE TO
X do second worK or care ot grown children. . Call
at 113V2 Bernard st., bet. Jones and Leavenworth,
Pacific and Broadway.
YOUNG, RELIABLE UIRL WISHES A II-
X nut lon in store or otiice. Address W. w.. box
16, Call Otllc ■■  "
\ S FRENCH VISITING MAID TO LADIES
V. living in I otel, good masseuse, manicuiist,
h»!rdri-s-erorid seamstress; lirst-class reference.
Call at room 0, 122 OFarrell st-
\\T O.MAN WANTS COOKING OR UOUSis.-
-*» work. Call at 31 Ash aye. for 2 days.
"VTEAT YOUNG GIRL HAVING BEST OF
-Li references would like to do general house-
work or care of children; country preferred.
Miss THI AS. 1221 O'Farreli st.
UXPKRIENCED WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
XJ tlon on ia:g» ranch as a rook. MRS. KIEL-
SEN, 225 Fourth St., room 15. ■
GIERMANLADY WISHh.S sIICATIuN AS
VI lady's nurse; has hal 8 years' experience in
sister's hospital; or will ia«c- care of valid- or
will do any kind of work by the day. Call or 'ad-
dress 517*4 second k.
ASTKU-Sna'ATIOS BY GOOD, KELIA-
• » ble Scandinavian woman, as working house-
keejer; best of references. Address Union Uottl.
East Oakland.
1 RST-CLASS COOK, GOOD WASH EH AA D
-T lroncr, .wlshei work; would do other none;
would rear baby on bottle; moderate wages. Ad-
dress 19 Sixth at.
YOUNG LAUY DKSIRIiS A POSITION AS
X housekrepor. 200 Turk st., room 6.
VKENCH YOUNG LAD V WISHES A SITU A
J. tion as chaoibermaid or take care of grown
children: references. K. C, 10 Hanover place, off
Mtcratnento, bet. Powell and Mason.
KFINKD LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
to take charge of « roomlnp-hou^e, hotel or
any position of trust; room and board more of an
otj-ct. with small compensation. Address M. L..
box 21, call Office.
"yOUNG WOMAN DESIRES TO GO as TRA v-
X cling co.upuuiou: good seamstress. Apply 131
Taylor st., room 3.
\\r INCUEi 1 ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST. Nit.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 250 to (1 60 per night;
II 50 10 $6 per week: convenient mid respectable.
Jiee bii3 and baecace to ami lrnm the :errv.
feII' CATIONS WANTEIJ-MALE. v
i"<OR Fl RST - CLASS COOKS, WAITERS,
. coach gardeners, men and wive', mechan-
ics and other help. Send your order* to J. F.
CROsETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
C~ R. HANSON A CO.. 110 GKARY ST., FUR-
v^'. nlsh men for all kinisof work. Te epbone.
Grant 183. __*■*
UNTEK & CO.. Llll.Vr.Mi A.Nil JAPA- I
ncsa employment office. 17 Webb st.. below
K«arny. nr. Cal.; ip!. main 231. W.CYoUNO.' mgr
CHINESE & JAPANESE: EST 'II. 20 YEARS:
v;help:tel.maln 1997. BRADLEYitCO.. 640 Clay.
Al'A.NKoii AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. Ml4b Butler st. ; lei. Grant 80.
APANESK INTELLIGENCE AGENCY, R. 73^
St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy M.; tel. Main 5234.
APANEsE AND CHINESE HELP. ORIKN-
taI Bottom Agcy.62o Mercbant:tel.maln 1533.
1 MIINtSK AiNu j.ifA.M->ii i-.Jiri.ul iMr.Nr
\J onice; best, I\p!->. 4141^ O 1 Karrell: t»l. K. 4JJL
C-MIINK-.K AND Japanese Ur.LlAiiLi.
tel. Main 199?. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
DUCATF.D SINGLE SWEDISH COACHMAN
XJ deslre-t general family work: understands the
care of finest carriages and harness: willing and
obliging; ( year* with last employer: bestrefer-
ence.v. Address W. 10.. box 01, Call Office.
■\rou.\o GERMAN boy of 17, HANDY AT
X anything, wishes work. Address 488 Eighth.
' ITU AT lON WAN T X I )~BY AN ALL-ROUND
0 blacksmith and engineer:. can do own repairs.
1015 Carolina st., bet. Twenty-fourth and Twenty.
lifth. -..•..■■ '■ ■■■ -•■ -.■-■■ '■• -
/ IERMAN EXPERIENCED LADIES' TAILOR
' T and dr ssmaker wants situation. Address G.
MAIEi:. 715 Post st.
AKER — SOP.ER FIRST - CLASS BREAD
and cake baker wishes situation: city or
country. Call or address B. B. X., 523 Pine st. ■
\v ANTED — STEADY WORK BY YOUNG
'• man (German) who understands dining room
work, barroom, kitchen or ■■ house work; city or
country. Address H. MILLER, ' 55 Second St.,
I room 25. ' .-;.:-." j
OY. 15 YEARS OLD, WANTS POSITION
when- he can make his living and have a
• chance .to rise. r GEORGE CASE, care ' of New
Western Hotel. . -■ . .-
ITUATHIN WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
meat and vegetable cook us first or second in a
restaurant. '„- Address F. G., 765 .-Mission : st.
ITUATION . Wanted BY coachman
who thoroughly understands bis ; business In
ail its. branches. - As 1 to qualifications and refer-
ences address C. L., box 91. Call office. v-'r '■ :..
\\) ANTED— POSITION AS COOK, BY A RE-
»• liable, competent ; mill (German); has filled,
position . as first cook in the leading hotels of
California: first-class . references if required. Ad-
dress E., box 20, i all Office. .
erman .:. COUPLK, ! with -NO incum-
brance. wishes empio.ment: wife good conk;'
man handy with tools and good gardener: no objec-
i tions to country. Address D., vox 4, all Office,
I .Oakland. :"-■.■.;.•'- -■;' . .
ENGINEER— POSITION BY A COMPETENT
JJ rein: refrigerating and electrical lighting a
specialty; steady position more desired than high
1 wages. Add. LOUIS B. O.'RDQX, 627 Second at.-
TIIICTLY SOBER .; SINGLE SWEDISH
coachnißti and gardeuer wants work In private
family : tirsi-ola-is . milker: . good reference. Ad-
dress C 0.. 10i8>/ ? Folsom St. .
, READ. ..CAKb. ■ and pastry » baker
I ' wishes pcsltlon In restaurant or hotel.' DAVID
WILsON, Montgomery Hotel, Second su v
yoi:.\ : i SWEDE * WANTS SITUATION A3
1 X' coachman and gardener: is pooa horseman and
I careful driver; b st of " references." Adaress G
I WALLIN. 84b Clay St., Oakland. :"■_< -
-. V OCTH v (ENGLISH). AGE s 22. : WISHES
I X work in restaurant; salary no object; best ref-
| erence. Address J. B-, box 117, tliM office. ■v- ■ "
ELIABLE MAN WANTS PORTER'S WORK
or collect; .- first-class local I reference or bonds
given. Address W. B , box 18.' Call. -
GOOD BARBER, DESIRES WORK sA'TUR"
. day and bunday; steady. FORD, 1309 Bu-
chanan - u;^:. - •""...
(SITUATIONS WAXTED-Cont Inupd .
GAP.DENEK — SITUATION WANTED BY
lirst-tlais young' Dane; understands care of
horses, cows, poultry:' ran run g*s and steam en-
gine. Gardener, box 149, Cull Ofllce.
\\r ANTED— BY: a COMPETENT. reliable
»» roan, the management or care of a ranch,
either fruit, cruin or nock: ortor-nt on shares.
Address JOHN PHILLIPS SR., El.lrldge, Cat.
A.nDY MAN ABOUT PLACE WISUKS SlT-
uation: take care oj horses; cows, garden, etc.:
good driver; city or country. M.. box 3, Call OlUce,
Oakland. j_
V YOUNG SWEDE— »ITVATIuN A> CimUli-
man: firs".-Clnss horieman: care ul driver: un-
ders ands cows, gardening, etc. C W., box 2, Call
Office, Oakland. ■ . .
I i.\Clli!.sr.E.K 11OU>E. 44 '1111XJD. .NEAR
Market— Electric lights In every room: 20-J
rooms: '.'jo to $1 50 per ntekt; Cl 50 to $tj p«r
*rt>k: Ir«* bus an**, hiieiraTP to anil from the teirv
I'JEMALJi ■ IXKX.MT WASTED. 
WANTED- 3 COOKS, IN AMERICaSTaND
i » German families, $25 and *30: invalid nurse,
$20; Protestant cook and second girl, same house.
$25 <nd $20: hotel waiters, $20. and others. J. F.
CI'.OSKTT & CO.. 316Sntterst. .:•
3WAITHES-SE-, $5 A WEtCK: 2 WAlT-
refines, $4 a week: 3 waitresses, 920 and room;
3 waitresses, $15 and room: girl for cham-
ber work, $10 and room: waitress, $18 and
room: waitress for ' Oakland: 2 waitresses,
$25, etc. • waliress. $20: lady operators on Rhlrts,
etc.: 2 girls. O'Farrell St., $I.V. Kirl, Berkeley, no
rooming: girl, La«una st., *17 GO: girl. Palo Alto:
1 girl. Broderick St., $15; mlddlt-iiged woman. Au-
burn, Cal. ; woman rook for much hands: cirl for
I Kerkt-ley. «'«!.. $20: girl, Ptwell St., *15: girl,
Vnllejo, $12: housekeeper, middle- ag*d, for San
Rafael, «'al.- 7 German. 9 Swedish and 2 Danish
girs; .17 young girls, $8. SI" and $12 per month;
! assist, c.c. MARTIN'S. 7^9 Market st.
JRL. ALA .M EDA, CAI», $20. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st.
771 BENCH NURSEGIRL, $15- MARTIN'S,
-I? 749 Market s:. ■
\\T OMAN WITH A CHILD, $15. MISS CUL-
*» LEX, 323 Slitter st.
TV"! EAT REFINED W'AIIRKSS, I'ALO ALTO,
1> $15. Mlt-S CULLEX, 323Su.ter.tt.
TVTEAT GERMAN OK SWEDISH HOUSE-
■IX work eirl. $30: 20 housework girls, city and
country, ?20 ami 525; 8 young girls, assist, $10
to $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 suiter St.
HOUS-. GIRL: SLEEP ■ HOME; $15.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutler St.
AT OUNG GIRL AS COMPANION TO AN IN-
X valid lady; $15. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
XPERIKNCED SALESLADY FOR CaNDY
store; 83 a week.. C, R. HANShiN & CO.. 110
Geary st. - ■
. J HEAD WAITRESSES. CITY. *-5 *SO }30.
— C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Getry St.
W ANTED— A NUMBER Or' COOKS, SECOND
• » girls and housework girls to nil our places.
Call at 316 Stockton: LEON ANDRE.
ANTED— 3 NEAT WAITRESSES FOR
'» nice country hotel: « 20 per month. Apply
to W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st. ;
t> GERMAN COOKS. $25 AND $.0; GIRL FOR
—•second work end sewing, £-20; 10 girls lor
housework. MRS. UiRD, 721 Ellis St.
|"i IRLSOFALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
vJT various positions, from $12 to $25. German
■employment Office. 306 Mason st.
T ADIES-I MAKE 810 WAGES AT HOME
-Li and want all 10 have the tame opportunity.
The work is very pleasant and will easily pay $18
weekly. This Is no deception. I want no money
and will glndly send full particulars to all sending
stamp. Miss M. A. STEBBI>S. Lawience. Mich.
\\r ANTED— LADY. OF RM-INED APPEAR-
it ance, between 18 and 30, "to travel and do
writing for a gentleman on the road; good wages
to the right pel sun. L. M., box 161, Call Office.
ANTED— IO LADIES TO SOLICIT AND
»» coilecc; call after Ip. m. W. A. NIXON, 150
Ellij street.
EAT YO I. NO GIRL To ASSIST IN GEN-
XI eral housework: wa;ei $15. 918 Eddy st,.:
apply between 9 and 11 a. m.
G— I.R.MAN GIRL. TO DO GENERAL HOUSE
work and cooking. 1526 a Stockton st.
pOLORKD MAN WANTS WELL-EDUCATED
\J lady, in bair remedies: S3 week. 129 3d. r. 8.
PERATORS ON THE STANDARD MA-
Chine for bar coats and aprons. 422 Turk.'
yOUNG GIRL TO A- I LI GTIT~IIO USE-
X »or; and mind children. 1510 O'Farrell st.
/MERMAN OR SWKDI.iH GIRL FOR LiUHT
VJT housework. 2042 O'Farrell st.
VTUrtMiGIKL,- $20 MONTH; ALSO WAIT-
i-1 res 3 in retail rant, $20, and a number of girls,
all nationalities, to till places. 315 Sutterst.
PELIABLh, MIDDLI--AOED WOMAN: LIGHT
-IV housework; *8 a mouth. 653 Howard, down-
stairs.
THIRST-CLASS FINIsHe.R ON FINE CUSTOM
i vests: 110 oilier a | ply- 4"27 Natoma s .
A PPRENTICE girl, WANTED ON CUSTOM
A coats. : At. ply 224 'lay lor St.
IR^T-CLASS CHAMBERMAID AND WAl-
tres3. Call 1432 Geary st.
Vi: ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
>' housework: wajes 812. B'2o llrti?l>t at.
/ -t IRLS WANTED— FOLD AND GA . HEP.
vJT calendars. F. M ALLOY' K, 4'2'i Sacramento.
\\! ANTED— PUPILS KOR PRACTICAL MIL-
« llpcry school: every lady her own mi liner:
Indies prepared lor the business. Removed from
410 Unrenwortn s'. to '2'2\' 2 otary, room 46.*
T.IINISHERS AND APPRENTICES ON cus-
J: torn coats. ' SELIG BROS.. 103 Battery st.
0 EXPERIENCED . CLOAK SALESLADIES:
— ■ fir»t-i lx«s situation for competent persons; now
is the lime for .salesladies out of situations to put
themselves in position to get work during the win-
ter months.' 1. S. Industrial Agency, room 165,
Crocker building. ' • •
IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; GOOD
home. Apply 626 O Farre'.l st.
O GERMAN APPRENI'I* ES ON FINK ART
*- made ladies' costumes. .HE NY WORTH, ladles'
tailtr. 1105 L«'avenwor;h, near California.
OOD FINISHER ON CUSTOM COATS. 942
VJ Folsom st.
74 EALTHY WKTNURSE, CHILD 6 MONTHS.
XX Apply at, noon, DR. RICHTER, 614 Qeatyat.
GOOD COOK FOR' INSTITUTION: CHOICE
place; wages $25. Apply 315 Sutler st.
IMIW--ULASS SKIRT-.« AKIsK-i. BO WHAT
X 504 Sutter st.
IMI'.ST-CLASS TAILORESSES WAITED. 601
1 Suiter st.
MIGHT SCHOOL OPENS MONDAY, 7:15 P. M.
X> j LYNN'S liresscutting School. 14 McAllister.
IRLS TO LKARN DRESS CUTTING, FlT-
ting and making; class every day : easy pay-
I ments : unlimited lessons; new skirt, pattern,' 2ic
McDOWKLL, 636 Market St.
I.)OSfc.I>AI.E HOUSE. 321 ELLIS, .Nit. TAY-
J t lor— loo furnished rooms: 25c night: $1 week.
A IRDR ESS 250 AN I' 36c: AFTEU-
noon classes: 10 lesson*. $1 50. 1248 Mission.
\\* AN TED-MEN AND WOMEN TO LEARN
it barber trade: only 6 weeks required; tools
given and catalogue sent. s. F. Barber School,
1515 Howard tit.
1 ADIES LEARN PRACTICAL HaIRDRES-
XJ Ins; and manicuring. MISS DOYLE, 212
Powell, 105 Ninth s'..
MUSI COJN VENIiSNT AND RKSPtCI'ABL.K;
Winchester House, 44 Third st.. near Market:
100 looms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $J
p»r »-wit: freo 'bus and baggage 10 and from terry.
>i .\ I 1. KKLP WAN'X'ifp..
OOkTslo ' A WEEK. AND ROOM; COOk7S7~A
week: pantryman; 3 lun-h waiters; errand-
,bO7, $10, room, board, etc.; cook, $30 and room,
restaurant cook, $30 and room, hotel; 2 waiters,
$25 and room : 3 waiters, SiO and room; head
waiter. $50, etc.: piano-p'ay*-r: barber, hotel worn-
rashboy; s-< ond cook, $30 and room. MARTIN'S
749 Market St. :. - "
Cl ANDY-MAKER. >AUSAGJ\ - M A X E R.
; wholesale house; 5 pig's feet sbavers-.'Jupanese
boy, house, $5 a week; etc. MARTIN'S 749
Market. , ■ , : - '
FNING ENGINEER; $65 .TO $75. C, lT
HANSEN & CO.; 110 Geary st.
KCONDCOOK: COUNTRY HOTEL- *35 F"
It. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st. '
inLOKIjT ami greknhouse MAN for a
V nursery: country; $35 and found. C. R ha\.
SEN &. C •.. 110 Geury st. .v.,: ..-,,
9 PLOW HANDS. $15: 2 Mk.N I o HARROW'
Zi $15: ranch cook. $15: waiter-boy, Institution'
$li>: cUiirette-maiiers, piece work: broom tier
piece work: boy for factory,, $3 60 a week. k'
T. WARD CO., 608 and 610 Clay sl.
q BLACKSMITHS; DIFFERENT PLACh. ■"•
0 s:eatly jobs year around. , MURRAY &'
636 CUiy' St : eaOlnS *"" lOymeut Agents, 634 and
FOREMAN FOR ORCHARD AND Vl\E-
-1 y«r,l; farmer andwfe; see bo her«: 6 farm-
ers. $•_>.>: a wire cat) operators, $2 to $2 50 a day •
A^ A 6S4a"d6Bacia)^ >>d ' l ' g "^~ l
9 TAILORS * O • COUNTRY SHOPS- 6 WAIT-
— ers: 3 conks: 2 di«hwasher<; ■taoemaker* at»
ploymnut Agents, 634 and 630 Clayst. S !f "
I. OY UNDER 15 1 HAT Ir, DESIROUS OF A
m.n gO fn d bOm " " Ild wlshes t0 *»«I «Kh a gentle^
man for experience. Apply with full name aid
inclose stamp for answer, 5, box 15 Call office.
V 1 R*T - CLASS CLOTHING sTIKSMAV
kotT." 1 U> SUMMK^*'^^o & ca.tt«Ma£
S^ej^ TS*^: HOTELT-609
G°sl;ueVVtV EU iOli COIJN ' JK . V - APPLY~24
Y^S^g^S^BARBE^TRADZ
xVs^llJ&^u.Z**' ****** ~*zz
FTr Xl w r L i A « ' S AT SALESMAN WANTED"
XH. ROMAN- <c CO.'S. Fifth and Market s:s.
Ur AN lED-RTBONG EURAND BOY; GOOD
_Tl_walkgiVs3 per wcek.t S6O Fourth street.
" 18 years old In cuai-yard. 923 boyTabout
*M 8 years old in ccai-yard. ; 923 Minnas ? ;
W AN i' ED A Hll ° l ' MAKER, ON SECON
'I hand shces. 305 Third st. - LUfl v
SHOEMAKERS WANTED ON MEN'S SHOES
Oto last, peg or heel. -202 Fifth su & = UOES
-[ BET,? WANTBD- i ' nnft J!^lZZi~^^--
■vPTnteiT^se ond hand to WORK on
'V cake 3. 4^9 Larkin s'. ■ ■ -.
ANTED- M \N; RANCH WORK; WAGKS •
$15 month. 921 Broad war, room 1 0. Oakland. J
("IOOD COOK WANTED. iO2 NINTH ST.
. Vjt --■■ . - .■•-.'■•: "' ' . ,
\\; ANTED - COMPOSITOR: S T AIG H T
»» matter. . 45 'third st.
AKTNER7wiTH $15f. IN-ID^OENTK-EL
business. X . box 147, this ofllce. .
MEN LIVING OUT O* iHE CITY; MAKE
AI $300 per mo!ith send 2-cent stamp. IKOt.
J. B.Mcl'iKß, 129 Third at.
BOY WANTED IN A PAINT-STORK AT
»a 5» Mission at.
WANTED— A ItELIAISLE AND STRONG
boy about 17 years in » wholesale business;
on* who spends Herman, lives with his paien;s,
and can drive a sm»ll wagon preferred: state a«e f
references In own writing. Address .toy, box 24,
1 aii.
T\r ANTED— BOY OF 12 OR 14, TO LEAD A
»" blind man; $3 a week to a good boy. 629
Lombard st. .-"V-.
\\T ANTED— TWO RST-CLASS ALL ROUND
tailors. Apply H. cord.v V. Bakerstleld.
SIIOEMAKKU O.N REPAIRING: Pit KM A -
O nent for good, steady man. 726*4 Howard st.
YOUNG GERMAN BOY TO HEi.P ON MIIK
X wagon: references. 1509 Broderlck.
XPERT PAPEP.-HANOING: $-' a DAY;
XJ city or country. C. KLl.ls, 81 L:i«lina St.
■{EXPERIENCED SALKSii^N. WINDOW-
MU drawn: cloak and suit hou AdJreBS w.
I., box 9 1, Call Oflice.
C AND - -MAKER' WANTED, *15 A WEEK
_\J Martin's Employment Agency. 749 Martut st!
IJARTNER Lasted AS cashier and
-- assistant: part cash, balance, paid from busi-
ness: will clear over $50 raoath and board to each.
TVJ E W WALDO HOUSK, 765 MISsIoN ST.
xi bet. Third and Fourtu, opp st. Patrick's
I'hcrcii (formerly located at 733 Market forever
SO years), is one of the c eanest, cheapest, quU-ust
best ventilated and lit hied tottatin^tioosM in the
Mate; asquaie house lor workingmeu; rtudim<-
room: strictest at.e.nion to morning calls; ail
single rooms: no the prices: Per Imthl Ijc io
s&c, per week $* to $^ 50: open a"l night.
L IRST-CLASa TAILORS WANTED a: 1 504
X. Sutter st.
1/IRST-CLASS COATMAKER WANTED AT
X' 504 Sutter st.
rpO TAILORS— CO VEST AND PANT-
X makers wanted: apply at 11 and 5 at the ste-
venson-street entrance. CHARLES LYONS,
wholesale tailor, etc., 721 Market st.
1) EC R ITS " WAN D FOR THE UNIIKD
J.t Mates Marine Corps. United States Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the asesor 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United nates.
or these who have legally declared their Intention
to become citizens: must, be of good character and,
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
and between 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cat.
EW GRAND. 246 THIRD— SUNNY ROOMS
JL\ from $1 to $3 per week; reading-room.
ANTED— BARKER TO BUY SKT OF BAR-
ber-shop furniture of latest style: very reason-
able: a rar<s opportunity. Apply Peerless Shay-
Ing Parlor, 1 hills s:. . .
WA-W.fc.i->, 1 v \,«Ji.LiiCr WAUKS \J\JA LA BO it
ersdtclerk'*. KNOX Collection Accy. 110 suttor
1 ARGEST LO^GING-IiOUSE IN THE CITY,
■IJ «00 rooms, to let from 10c to I night: 70c to
$1 50 week. Lindell House, Sixth and Howard.
\\T ANTED— IAItOKKKS AND MECHANICS*
'" to know that Ed RolKin, Reno House proprle-
lor, Hill runs Denver House*. 217 Third lotl
largo rooms: 250 per night; 81 to $.i per weei
I>OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS. NEAR TAY*
XV lor: 200 rooms: 25c night: reading-room.
HOES! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER;
any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-or? shoes
bough: or exchanged: Jarc- stock of second- han.i
oboes: first-class repairing; worK guaranteed.
749 Mission st., near Grand Opera-house,
ARBER-— ¥«>R EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
X> P. C Barbers' Assn. H. FUCHS. 325 Grant ava.
JOURNEYMEN BARKER*' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
ijA.i'.Ut.ha' l'j-.OlhCl'lVj.; UNION EMPLOY-
X> meui secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
SIMON WANTS 100 Mt-.N To GET BOT-
. tie beer or wine sc : best fre.> lunch. C43Clay.
\\r AAThD-AN IDKA; WHO CAN Til INK OK
'» some simple thing to patent* Protect your
Ideat<; they may bring you wealth. Wnta JOHN
WJSDDEKBURN d: CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. lor ihelr $1800 prtsa
offer nnd list of 200 inventions wanted. • vr
EST IN CITY--sIX\G<E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 tents per night. Si. 51 25. Sl 50 per wwt
PbclUc House. Commercial and I^eldesdorS al%.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES. 40a:
done while you wait. C3B Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 707 Market, opp. Will A Fiuck' «.S- if ;
rpRY ACME HoLiaE. \)o7 ilAKlit'f ST.. UK-
X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a nlirht: $1 a weeic. '
OOMalao in 7&C I'liK MOUf; SUuiu^iaJ
per Wfct. Oriental. 2'J3 UmmrasL . .'.'
W' ISCHKsTKtt 441 HI KD t>T..ftKAU
Market; 20U rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: lree bus an.l l>a«'.raee> to and Irom the terry.
' AN HSU- i;<J<.>J>l.->, lao A DA.*; Jfl
v-<>ek; rooms for two. -5c a day, 41 6u* ww»;
rra^lne-room: dally paper*. 30 Clay st.
ll|j I 11b,.\ 'iv TAKK LODoir>i« AT luc. ljj
XV V and 20c a nlglit. Including tuaeo »oiu tui*
t24 Washlnctoa St.. near Kearnv. •" •
\\f A.NTr.I), YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
• " shoes up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through t lie day can have their snoes repaired
I at night while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men'-*
! soling, 50c: tine shoes made to order irom $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth, their value, from 250 up la
$2 SO. &6'i Mission St.. bet. first s:. and Second st.
AGENTS WANTED.
"XT^KNTS — ''PKKSON AL RECOLLECTIONS
J\. of General Nelson A. Miles." Commander-in-
Chief of the United states Armies and the ereat-
estof Indian fighters; the most remarkable book;
of the century: apply at once for choice of terri-
tory. F. PERSON, manager. subscription dept.
of The Whitaker A Ra.- Company. 723 Market st.
T ADIKS IN OAKLAND, BERKELEY, ALA-
J mods and «an Francisco— lnvestment from
$1 80 up. Call from 9 a. m. to 14 a. M., 913
Golden unto aye., fan FrancUco.
IT'S A BIRD, NO SALT TO CATCH IT; SKND
X 25c for mm pie and terms: ''Lightning Scissors
Sharpener": makes Uss per day. K. C. STOWE,
box 841, San Jose, Cal.
\\! ANTED— AGE.. T TO Si-.LL STAR MAPS;
•" liberal commission: chance to make big
money: amateur astronomers preferred. Ap-ily
or address J. M. KELLEY, rm. 27, 'M__ Geary st.
GENTS— HOLIDAY BuOKS; FOUR BOOKS
represented by one proapectu*; first agent re-
ports 32 orders in four days; F. Person, manager
subscription Department, THE WHITAKER &
RAY CO., 723 Market st.
■
I'UiaiTUKE WANTED.
l^^_ i _ ri^ jrtr 'r.i-.r.r. i.i-.n i'
IP YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURAI-
X lere and merchandise s<'-> BURP. 211 Larkin.
HI G II E R I'HlCr; I HAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0.1057 Mnrkei.opp.Jone-i
/>ASH PAID Foil KM'IKE hUUM.3
v, smaller low of furniture, carpets, eia J.
BOWCIIKR. 222 Stockton: s-n 1 postal.
KOOSIS WA.NTKD.
KOOM AND BOARD IN SPAN ISH FAMILY^
address W. M., box 96, I a I OtiU-e.
A\. ANTED— FURNISHED R«»oM FOR SIN-
'» gle gentleman: w- sol Fillmore and nor b of
Clay sts.: unexceptional references. P. O. box •.'-.' •.'.
PROPKKTV WANTED.
INCOME PROPERTY KI.OM 14000 TO C 1 2.000
X for cash; must be cheap. Address M., box 84, .
call Offlcp.
WAN'I'ED-MISOKLLANKOUS, •
KiuTtroi. J !«PiYz dooTa tS i a si. bei?
i-> nard dog for sale. 838 Muslon at.
QLOOP. 25 TO 35 KKEI, CHEAP. ADDRESS
0 11.. box 143, Call Office.
BUILDINOB BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES,
X> doors, mantels, etc., for sale. -1166 Mission st.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 1133^ Mission.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW- [
0 eiry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
.LOST.
V "6sT— A PA SSBOOk W ITH TUE^li I A
1 I Savings and Loan Society of Shii Francisco, In
the name of STEPHEN D, RUSSELL or EMMA
t RUssKLL: No. 1 68,296. The Under will pleasa
return to bank. " ■ ■■
I OST— LARGE-SIZED 'ENGLISH- PUG DOG;
J t dark color. Suitable reward ii returned to 2314
Flfteentn st. ■ -
1 OST-PASSBOUK Will! THE HIBEUNIA
1 J 5-avlnirs and Loan society of San Francisco in
the name of JAMES UERITY; No. 173.9J7:
tinder will please return to bank. . ■■-■■
STOKAGK.. . %
T^LOW RaVeS-FURNJTURK, • ARPETS,
pianos, etc.: clean, dry, light compartments,
advances . made. J N OON AN , 1017 10 1023 Mi*-
.'ion, above Sixth: open evenings. • ■-...--
STORAGE-CHEAPEST IN 1 HE CITY; FIRE-
O proof ■ building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
I.TUKKITUKK. PIANOS, trunks-, At)-'
Jb vances. shipping CM AS. L. TA YL0R.204 Pov
~ TYPE WKITJEKS. ~~
GENVs""sMrT7r~PREM IER: ' ALSO KENT
and sell all kinds of typewriters. L. M. AL-
EXANDER <ie CO., 110 Montgomery st., write for
circular. . . ' . _ .
T)EMINUTONV?4O: SMITH, »50; SEND FOR
J sample work. SCI)IT,UUN> ■■ N. Montg'y
I'KOFESSIOXAL tAKDS.
JOHN E. KICUARD^LAW^rFFICES.
' aj ; and ; 27, Crocker . building; . itiepuou« Main
75. San Francisco, Cal. . ,-"• ■ v ■■ •'.-: -
Gun K. AxTKEN and MAURICE l. ASHER.
auys law, rma 513, 5 16, Sill Uoor, ParrouBOBJLWJttM CHANCES.
* 9 7*^0 ISK : CHANCE: I,IVK."rT7nD
»- -• *J\J. boarding st»blo for sale; clearing
$250 per month: established ;;5 years- actual
_ -value in sight for $40u0; 70 stalls: 20 boar'crs-
j large permanent livery custom: located near Mar-
-4 ket su; very low rent; full Investigation allowed-
» > :Vr Is paving the Stale, but will remain with a
W i'uvef until fully nosted. Apply KENNY &CO |
f 917 Market St., near Fifth. • '
i"\NK OF THK MOST SUBSTANTIAL CON-
V^cernson this coast, producing and uianufac-
. ;unn, a staple article of large daily consumption
■"• d i" s . I n«'U toe^ lend Its busings and requires from
•515.C00 to $ 20.U00 :.damo:ial capital: a party who
•can.be actively identified with th« business pre-
orr>-,i. Address C. A., box 24, this office. P
:<•/,•; «-*-MEAL RESTAURANT: BEST 1 OCA-
— «-' lion: fine silverware: large dining-room heats
nt persons at oncet large kitchen: lar£e meal'rwm i
Rij.l storeroom: living-rooms: ti nest fitted ni.pUce
- Mi city; nice for man or wife or 2 ceiulemen; must
• s-ll; cheap; on account of death; no agents! Ad-
ilress Owner, box 75. this office.
' V? 1 " SALE-TUE BEST" PLACE IN CITY i
X for: he money; small amount down; balance as '
it is made; suitable for lady and her son or a gen-
tlemen: >Ukne» cause of selling; running 7 i
years; call and investigate, 12 Adair st be Fif '
f.-enth and Sixteenth. Howard and C a .,n. - I
. C9nfl BUTCHER SHOP AND PORK i
•|^; r^a^r a^s^^R
. . V Ouno BUSi.NESS WOkASHAVIRG SOME
i furniture desires to mot respectable party;
one walla, to star-, a lodßlaK-honlewtlh her Ad-
•.drrss business, box 28. Call Office, '
.*<4()0l) BUSINESS. PORTLAND, OkTT
•to ir ™' Paying 175 per '"°" tn: good chance
tf B^JLm.b I n l a"S <x ' s yAYi - ' room «■
•../IOoD PAYING RESTAURANT; KEARNY
*\j s '-j.*o be so d atone- for reasonable price:
' office receipts 9-0 and 5.'5. " Apply this
•1 OR SALK— ESTABLISHED POULj'RY
• . i ana produce stand, in one of the best markets
• > the State: owner gems :uvay. Apply 916 Wash-
° nigton .su. Oakland.
<^"-}flO PARTNER WANTED TO RAISE
. f - —W. bogs and chickens on shares: 80 acres;
good location; owner of ranch atscnu Address
Kancji. box 60, Call Office.
*• A OPPORTUNITY FOil A BUSINESS'
-TV llian with some capital in an established gen-
eral commission business; principals ouly. M. 11
. box 6. Call office. J ■
*.. Ol 000 BEST-ESTABLISH ED BUSINESS-
-9 X\J\l\J. clears monthly $300: 110 opposition. I
, X.. box Hil, this office.
* .. V OU.NG MAN, SMALL CAPITAL. WISHES
1 „-»- interest in genteel business. Address J., box
I 1, this office.
V • HI. ACKSMITH business VOX. SALE-
. iJ cheap rent: tools furnished. Call on or address
• T. \. M aHONEY. 338 Pacific aye., Santa Cruz.
. DARTNER WABTKI) To. JOIN ME IN
'. "X. opening a saloon: place being fitted up at pres-
. -ent. Call or address BROWN, 1033 Mission st.
% ©f;nn PRINTING OFFICE, in GOOD CON-
U\f\J. dition; good location and trade. Ad-
t dress A. M., box 126. Call Office.
t^or LEASE OR FOX salk; co Try
X. newspaper; well estab.ished. 411 California
st 4 , room 3.
. OOD CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT:
; VJ first-class oyster or chop house for sale; good
• location: owner leaving city. 216 Sixth st.
*' 700 YOUNG CHICKENS, HORSE, WAGON,
:• V" harness, cow ana nil tools; for sale cheap.
Inquire 25 Third st. -
• JVEWSPAPER KOUTK IN INTERIOR CUV,
> a-' close to San Frauclaca. For paiticulars apply
* this oflice.
• "T>RANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS- REAS-
XJ onable. Address M., Call branch office, 116
Moihst. ...-,.
ARGAIN— GOOD RESTAURANT TAKEN AS
XJ debu Apply batcher-shop, 243 Fifth street.
.•Y>ESTAURANT AND OYSTER HOUSE AT
. - L * > a sacrifice. «1416 Howard 3U-. ca 1 before noon.
GOoD CORNER -STAND, CHEAP*
rcartermlnm. 1100 Kentucky su, Potrero.
!< <100 SALOON SACRIFICED; OWNER
Q J \J\J. going away. 3 Howard su, cor. Easu
SHOESHOP FOX SALK; GOOD CHANCE
for a shoemaker. 28Epstat.. near Market.
I'ArU.NKii FOR A BEER-BOTTLING BUfcl- I
X ness. 712 Fourteenth su, nr. Market.
•• "I 08-PR 1. M1. N0 OFFICE. CALL BET. 12 TO
ti 3. 3 to 5. 4 California sU, room 5.
"LOR SALE-HOME BAKERY AmD DELI-
-I>cacy busii.ess. Inquire at 1125 Valencia su
OR SALE — CANDY AND ICECREAM
± store. 133 Taylor st.
• O A LOON. IN REAR OF EMPORIUM; MUST
0 besoid; good bargain. ;;45 Jessie st.
• "pOUI'K FOX, SALK ACROSS THE BAY. Tv"
"I t o\ilre at (all office.
i-Ol>til>O-HOrs>KS I'OK SALE.
©«LAn 12 ROOM^T^OO^LTviNG^rND^3O
iZ)Z.\J\J. clear. A. M. SPECK A CO.. 602 Market.
(&(lfW| 26 ROOMS; corner, nkai; bald-
f^iiJXJKJ. win; rent $80. A. M. SPECK A CO.,
t»O2 Market st. • .- ■ ; • .• .-
-7= LODGING - HOUSES; ALL "PRICKS; [
» O money loaned at low lnluresU PUELPsi i
A Ct).. 917 LarKlu st. \ .
VOX SAiTk CHEAP— HOUSti 14 ROOMS:
J well furnished. Apply 254 Third st. "
• Q'i>nn FURNISHED HOUSE; 7 ROOMS: I
•OOVVJ. bath: rent *25. A. 8.. box 99, Call.
t/lQ HOWARD ST.— LODGING-HOUSE OF 38 I
ua if rooms and saloon for sale.
EST INVESTMENT IN TOWN: 15 WELL-
»> furnished rooms; good reason for selling. 644
' Sacramento iU
\LD ESTABLISHED HOUSE; 9 ROOMS. 362
vj Minna .
4 01; "I i'l\l\ A BARGAIN— LODGING- HO
.irIUU'J. in Oakland; 41 rooms; all occupied:
first-class roomers, paying tine; rent $100; good
'location. A. D. BOW LEY, room 310, Safe De-
posit bnildlng. . '
; * UKNITUKK tots. SALE.
OLH NEW 1 ORE IS COMPLETED AND
are in it; four floors, running from Mission to
. Minna su. in ail 1V& acres of floor space, are
packed .with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and la
endless variety: if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed in a home, from a pair of blan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; it costs you nothing: our numbers are 1017,
JOl9, 1021 and 1023 Mission su, above sixth. J.
"NOON AN.
HAS. M. PLUM «fe CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
1301 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
AC\l\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SKIS. $14.
\J \J stoves, .$5: parlor gets. $20: folding-been. I
.HO: bar outfit* T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
. * T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
.r\- lowest prices on household goods: new or good
as new: cas 1 or on time: open evenings.
.'IT ING FURNITURE CO., 1127 -29-31 MARKET,
IV furnish 4 rooms, $18 to sso; best bargains in
. city. ■ • . ' . . '
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
prices; furniture, carpets; all grades. 866 Mis-
sion su
"TpURNITURE, STOVES. CARPETS. CO UN-"
-L* ters. showcases. ANDF.RSOV. 1121 Market St.
• CAKFKT CL.KA-N"l_N'tr.
C""rrY^TI^M^CARP^T^I EA>riVG~W^3RICS;
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS,
&igr. 38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
.. / CARPETS CLEANED AND nJiAOVAIKS
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO.. li 3 Tenth: la.
J-outh an. D MACKINTOSH A CO.. successor*.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send toSPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-67 Tehama st. : teL So. 40.
» DVAUCK CARPET CLEANING CO.. 402
- A Sutter, teL Main 394. S. S. FERGUSON.mau^r.
- E. MITCHELL. CARPET CLEANING' CO..
. 240 14th sU; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Ml*. 74.
/ \.f.ttfKt' CLEANING. 3c.; LAYING. 3c.: H.UJ
'samples free: tel. Jessie 944. btratton. 198 th v.
(ll_»iNK.L,l> .1 C.I I.i l^.All.^U \v«JUia.o. jjj
J Golden Gatn bt*. : telephone fas: 1-6.
3C A YARD AT (JKKAT WESTERN CAJtPfi.l'
Coning Works. 11 Klghth su- -
TONES A CO.. MAIN OFFICE Kb AND il
«l Kighth «■• ■• !«■!. .1.-ssl* Idol
. IJICYCLKS.
■j^O^^ATE^CH^AT^L^D7tI?^A^VD^GE^^
.X 1 bicycles: Cleveland special. 81 1 Octavla.
nil YCLeTgOOD CONDITION: *12 50. CALL
J) barber-shop, 927 Market, top floor.
,i. 4f" BRAND-NEW BEN-HUKS; REGULAR
•TTjIO. price $85; rare oppor. unity; every wheel
guaranteed. Da VIS BROS., Cycle Department,
25 Geary sU '
HIGII-ORADIi 2D-HAN li W HEKLS $25 UP;
laundries l»ln-v nut. 216 McAllister. "'
J-Oii s.^Lii— AiA»CliLLAN*;Oi;s.
*L RESH MILCH COW FOR SALE; Al: GIVES
■T 6 gallons milk pc» day. . 221 Church st. -
i'URNITURE, SEWING-MACHINE, STOVE,
-T etc.: below auction price. 415 Octavia su, nr.
Linden. . -■. • ; ' ■-,-.■■ ■■■
VTEW 16-FOOT OAK BAR AND. BACK BAK,
i.l inlai.' with fancy woods; cheap. £60 Folsom
• st./ Dr. Fifth. . .-" --■ -.'-'■ '' ' - - .- ' '
MONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS ARE
the best. W. 3. RAY MFQ. C ' 12 California
o\»fILL SELL GREAT DANE . DOG . CHEAP.
V* 429 Minna st.
ICTU RE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IN.,
• X 10c: Bxlo nnd 10x12, 15c: 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17. t'sc: 16x20, 30c; 18x2A 36c; 20x
24, 45c; .22x28 In.. 60c JONE*. Mission su
( i'aRS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
I *_ ing, etc.. i.ought and sold. 1063MU»ion, nr.7th.
fc7\T A BARGAIN— 6O SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs.- rockers, etc.: also a few fine baby
"Varrlßges for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
■RATTAN CO., 61 First st., near 3lltnion.
OILKR*,ENOINES,ZD-J1 AN l> MACHINERY;
•■vater-plpes. MclntoshA- Wolpman, 137 B«-aie.
ONE SMALL Mi-.UIUM AND' LAitUS-tUZK
fire and burglar proof safe. 109-111 Market St.
(COFFEE iniLJ, SCA~jTii.^r LKTTiS.it PUKS-,
• stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 102 Clay.
•^£jj^^^^2!sHssS_TOr,ET.
Q4.Q C~APP-7 ROOMiT^T^TsfATIONARY
y^^-> tubs, all modern lmprovemnts; rent $22 50.
TTOU.SK 5 ROOMS AND 26 LOIS FOR RENT
tr K O J«^ lx;eenl!l aye South San Francisco. Ap-
Ply 659 Mission St., J. R. RINES.
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS AND BATH, 2251 MI-
Twe sion. near Nineteenth; rent $20. Apply 3; 48
1 wentieth su
oak, NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS, 3
«-<' Doors, each separate lor housekeeping; newly '
papere.l: painted: sanitary plumbing: fine loca-
tlon for renting rooms; cheap rent; go and see it.
O(.)"| (1 CALIFORNIA — 8 ROOMS, BATH.
.' y -*-' conservatory; hot-air heaters; periect
order. ./. .
TF YOU WANT A HOUSE, STORK OK FLAT
X cet one of our complete printed lists. BOVEE,
TOY A X>NNTAG, 30 Montgomery si. •;.--.
HOUSE i<F a KOOMS AND BATH: 238 FELL
St. Apply THOS. SULLIVAN. 743 Mission.
Ul'Shs lo KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <£ HAMMOND'S. 10
MoniromtT'- -t. -. ' ' • > '
I'LKMSHKD HOUSES.
VTKWLY FURNISHED 'SUNNY UPPER
J-> flat: modern; cheap. Apply 10 to 1, L514V4
Sutter st.
If LEG AN ILY FURNISHED HOUSE aOK
J rent; 1109 Bush ■'.. Inquire 318 l'oit St., top
floor. - - .
LTItSISHKI) — THK NICHOLAS HOTKL,
X San Bruno aye., ne«r Army su : reasonab c
terms: or fur sale. ,NICOL. 584% California st.
coxta.gks to let.
Nice new"~ba^^vin^do'w~~c7)ttPage^ 'o
rooms and hath: latest improvements. Six-
teenth aye.. south S. F., half a. block from Ken-
tucky-st. cars: reasonable: call to-day.
CJ; 1 r 1 \ COTTAGE; "4 LARGE ROOMS,
•ii- X I ,dU. bath, hall, high basement, stable,
chicken-house, flower garden. 623 Castro su,
pear Twentieth. .
MAKK YOUR Rr NT PAY FOlt A NKW COT-
■ age in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
I tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
I 3207 Twenty-second su : ollice open evenings.
I '
ILATS TO LET.
©I ' FLATS ROOMS AND BATH. 129 ASH
<S>-Ly. aye., of? Van Ness, near McAllister.^
b«~T7»~AND $18— FINE NEW FLATS; 517
J U Riid 619 Point l.ohos aye., near Cook st. ;
I nil modern improvements; 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; 1 month's rent free tosooi tenant. MIAI.N-
-WALD, BUCKBEK <fc CO.. 218-220 Montgomery.
WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 6 ROOMS:
-bath ana gas: fine yard: $12 and *14; water
free. 39ii>--3930 Nineteenth St.. near Noe. None
but responsible parties need apply; cheapest flats
in tho city.
9^HEIOIXNN~COI*. STEVENSON. J~UNC-
—i* tion Market and Valencia— four unfur-
nished rooms.
UNNY FURNISHED FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
modern; garden; cheap. 1332 Union st., nr.
Polk. . - . ■_ ■■
171LAT b ROOMS; BATH: WITH STABLE;
. 18 Bylngton su Apply 1621 O'Farrell st.
I *3'-iQ *-UDY— IN GOOD ORDER; RENT $10.
AND 4 ROOM FLAT: LA RG li YARD;
stables. 2 Hay ward su, Harrison, near Eighth.
«.ir FLAT; 4 NICK ROOMS, BATH. 15T3
. «JJ) 1 1). i ay lor .st., bet. Pacific and Broadway.
fi>l Q NEW UPPER FLAT; (} ROOMS;
J-O. modern. 135 Fair Oaks St.. near Twenty-
third. ' ■ -
TWO SUNNY FLATS, 3 AND 5 ROOMS,
bath; reasonable. 2 and 6 Zoe St., cor. Bryant.
".-BOOM, MODERN, SUNNY FLATS; $18
0 and »20. 920 Pine St., Not) Hill.
4 GEARY COURT. OFF GhARY, NEAR
Jones— Modern flat; 5 rooms and bath; $20.
"VMCELY FURNISHED UPPER FLAT, 7
-»■' rooms. 2721 Jackson st., near Sco'U
1 (i S St)? t ) *'ELL ST., BUT. OKNTRAL AND MA-
-1 '>__ sonic ayes.— 4 rooms, upper; ■ modern:
bath, etc.; on panhandle: no children; $16. ."- -
I J -/• JESSIE. BKK. THIRTKI-.NTH AND
JL1OI) Fourteenth— Flat 3 rooms: no children.
ODERN* UPPER SUN.nY 6-ROOM FLAT;
1810 Page st., near park; rent $22 60.
UNNY. LO\VER~4-"ROOM~aI6t)KRN FLAT;
0 2314 Prosper st.. off Sixteenth, half block from
Market; rent $14, water free.
"I OWER FLAT: 6 ROOMS; BATH, YARD,
X.J cellar; 3737 Seventeentn SU
at* Ift modern su.nny upper flat; 6
«ly 1 D. rooms: bath, cellar; 419 Jersey su, near
Castro: water free.
O"! A FELL— TWO SUNNY FLATS, 4 AND
Oil 5 rooms earn; bath; rent reasonable.
NEW SUNN i FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND
bath and all modern Improvements; rent re-
duced. 637 > 3 Natoma st.
07.1 CLAYTON. SOUTH OF FREDERICK—
0 • — New modern upper flat; 5 rooms; .bath;
cheap. i
ODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6 ROOMS, $8 TO
$16; see them. 523 a Seventh st. ■
1 1 Ot> HOWARD — NICE SUNNY 4-ROOM
i lilo flat: large yard: cheap renU ■ ,
G2l V £*fk FLAT. SSUNNY ROOMS: LARGE
«JE> A— . O\J . yard. 1017 Union, bet. Jones and
Leu yen worth. ■ . ' '
minuTev WALK from BAI_DW.N; 711
Polk St.. nr. Eddy : flat 7 rooms and bath, $26.
1 Qft FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLATS, ONE
! xGO 3 rooms, one 7 rooms; baths. .
(' CHOICE .SUNNY* ROOMS; UPPER FLaT;
U modern Improvements: $25. 1706 a Hyde.
17, \K POST— 3 AND 4 ROOM oUNNYFLATS;
-L iUP garden: bath: $13 and »16- - .
CjOn UP PER FLAT; SUN IN EVERY ROOM;
«JiZ.V7. bath: laundry: central. 409 O'Farrell sU
ALF-MO,VI'H'S RENT FREE A» AN IN-
ducement to good tenants to tiromSfECK
iV CO., 602 Market st.
\LATS~TO 14KNT Fo~s VERY LITTLK
1 money at' BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
aiontgomery st.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
rV- WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
hOLSKKKKPIXti KOOMS.
Brannan Street.
79»r BRANNAN. ABOVE SIXTH— LARGE
I £iO sunny kitchen and bedroom: furnished; $8
Bryant Street.
C-l "I BRYANT. NEAR THIRD-NICE HUN-
-0 I i. Ny suite; front: $2 50 per week.
1 oltioin Street.
1 9JI FOLSOM— SUITE OF 2OR 3 BOOMS,
-— 'i- furnished and uninrnished; $10 up;
others. ■ ■ .
:'.'•. v Fourteenth Street. ■
One FOURTEENTH, NR. HOWARD — 4
£*\'O well lighted, also sunny, rooms: $10.
iiownrrt street. '
1 IOQI HOWARD-SUNNY FRONT SUITE
XX4.02 for light housekeeping if desired; bath-
cheap. ■
"94 -)(\ HOWARD — ENTIRE . FLOOR, 6
<-"3~ \J rooms furnished for housekeeping; nice
house: very reasonable. '
■:; :'.l<> ; II j«l« .Street.
1 499 HYDE— TWO MCELY FURNISHED
-I --I —■— bay-window rooms, with kitchen, gas,
bath, hot and cold water; also one front single
room, SI 25 a week. - ' ,
' ivtai v Street.
9Qfl KEARNY-2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
<CO\J for housekeeping; gas or coal stove.
Lewis Street.
I Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST-FOUR
XO unfurnished bay -window rooms; (as; $16. -
*llcAllist«r street.
A 99 MCALLISTER— 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
*±£i£i for housekeeping.
*~niw >ir««.. _.»'/ . : Cj-
C/JQ MINNA— 2 NICELY FUFNISHED SUN-
"JO ny housekeej-ing rooms. '
->>i»moii >-. ree:.
QQ7 MISSION — 3 NICE SUNNY ROOMS;
00 I suitable for housekeeping. .
Aloss Street. ,
I O MOB 3, OFF HOWARD. NR. SEVENTH— 3
XO furnlsned rooms, complete for housekeeping.
-Niniii street.
1 99 NINTH-FRONT AND BACK PARLOR,
L__ complete for housekeeping; gas, bath. ..
Pearl Street. ... /
3PEAKL, COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA— 3
sunny housekeeping rooms: well furnished. ". .
Scott street. ■'■'-'■• .:-.:
m SCOTT— 2 LAi.u.-. SUNNY CONNECT-
XXO Ing rooms, partly lurnished; gas: b«th.
Shot we 11 Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL— SuNNY, CONNECTING
Zi I I rooms, furnUhel complete for housekeet>-
ing.' .'■■-■ ' ..:.;•''- ■ :■..■,■■■. '-. ; ■
Tenama Street.
m TEHAMA, BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH
1 —Nice sunny room for light housekeeping.
; liiiril Streu..
r-I Q THIRD. COR. SOUTH PARK — FUR-
') I<J nlsbed rooms: housekeeping; range; . run-
ning wa.er. . . .
Twentieth Street. .' , "
Q/J99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALEISCIA-2
OVZZi sunny housekeeping rooms.
v ttn'Neiis Aveuue. .
Q-l C VAN • NESS AYE. — HANDSOMELY
•7 X furnished parlor floor of 3 or 4 rooms • and
kitchen facing Vau Ness aye.; nun. ail day: new
carpets .• and furnltuie, bath, etc., complete ' for
housekeeping: reasonable. » ■ . . ♦ •.■.-':'-■■
I /Wl VAN NKSH A Vh..,COR. GEARY—
1 rooms ana tiisheu completely. furn., |25.
THE SATV FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9. 189 G.
_ ■ ROOMS , TO > LET.
Clay Street.
9Q9fi CLAY-SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS;
tiO-^yJ private family; very reasonable.
- . . Kddy Street. , /
Q(V7 EDDY— COMFORTABLE ROOM; 1 OR 2
*J\> * gentlemen; gas; bath; low rent.
• .i-AXjK strnou
THK BAMOSA, 330 ELLIS: MRS. KATR\
J HART, manager— A quiet hoas«; centrnlly lo-
ritted; newly furnished: elevator: hot <fc cold wi^r.
(' If\ ELLIS — 2 " ROOMS, WITH CARPETS
UIU and bed. •■ • ■■•.'. • •
COG ELLIS — SUNNY ROOMS ON FIRST
"'to flojr; single or double: suitable for young
ladles: rent reasonable.
*-»l»uth !>tr««,, :
CHKBMA-* ATAKTMK.NT JfOURK. V* *TH
V-- «:.. near Market: lurnishad and unfurnished. .
1 olmuii Street. '■ -
Qr.7l FOLSOM, NEAR SIXTH— NICELY
00 I a furnished front room. %'£; outside, $lweek.
lulton Street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE),' OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites: singles: transient.' .
Geary Street.
000-330 GEARY — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
»-><"O and other rooms: grate; water; reasonable.
I 1 m <iEAKY (THE MARTINKTTK), COR-
i 1 \JX Van Ness— Fine suites: newly furnished.
• •oiueii «,:i tl . at«uu».
OOf\ GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
OtJ\J sunny suite; private family; reasonable.
'■': Hickory Avenue
fi>(\ 138 HICKORY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS,
<D^/« with yard and hall. .
ultima MreMC.
907 .'HNF.f" — THE VAX WrpTKLR: SEW
— " ' I maoacement: elecant runny saltA<t and
ttofrle: newly tarnished: oath. t tc. : *10 toS.Sa-
i>ttrnT Btr«o..
90 KEARNY— FINE FURNISHED ROOMS;
•-•> reasonable. ■ ~
■. JtLJNGToS' HOUSE, 127 KKARXT —
-» Pleasant sunny rooms, en unit* and single; tint
1 1 v 111 . v«rv respect: terms reasonable.
OO(« KEARNY — FURNISHED HE COX D
•J~ U parlor, with use of front parlor, for gentle-
man: in private family; rent $10. Apply in
shoestore. . ..— ; ;;r
i.iirkiii Street.
r.fl{\ LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED COR-
Oyj\J ncr rooms: large room, suitable 2, $6 mo.
Iceavcinvurth nircet,
OnC* LEAVENWORTH — LARGE SUNNY
OUU parlors; single rooms; running water; gas;
bath. • • !
1 1 fTLK A YEN WORTH— a^LARGETtJN^UR"-
-"' 1 ' ' nished sunny rooms in basement; rent $7.
A-% i) LEAVENWOKTH —NEWLY AND
.1 X— handsomely furnished 8 > housekeeping
rooms: also single and double rooms; gentlemen
only. ■ ■ - -.-
Imrket Streoi. ■ ,
V OSEMITB HOUSE. 1045 MARKET — TER
1 night. 36c to *■ 1 : week. SI 50 to $5: families.
ia-Auuier su'eui,
99H 1 MCALLISTER. OPP. CITY HALL—
« — 'l gant front rooms, suitable doctors, dentists.
»>O»> MCALLISTER— FURNISHED OR UN-
••>— •— furnished rooms; suitable for housekeep-
ing; rea able.
A 1 .} MCALLISTER, FLAT NO. I— NICELY
'1 I - lurnished double or single rooms; reason-
able.
<; •_;;■;'; ->■ •1.1111 Mree;. .
0.a~7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
\j\) I nished bay .window rooms: 81 per week. |
Noe Street.
©1 ? SUITE PARLORS: SEPARATE KIT-
C «• Chen and range; sink; bain; garden. 123
Noe st.
Olive Avenue.
I "I (\ OLIVE AYE., NR. ELLIS AND O'FAR-
J-X\> rell— furnished^ room, $5; German family.
line Mice.. , ;
p»O1 PINE; ROOMS $6 UP: RUNNING
U— 1. water, gas, sunny, quiet. Gentlemen only.
Ol ♦> PINE. NEAR POWELL- 2 LARGE SUN-
OX O ny rooms; private family: bath.
i-Oilt Mroot.
1 AA^ POLK— UN FURNISHED OR PARTLY
X rx~x.O furnished front and back parlors.
Post Street.
1 081 NEAR LAGUNA— ROOM FOR
X OO\J laay or gentleman to rent cheap; private
family; no other roomers kept.
'".*■.'/ -tiAlh''sire«tJ^
00 SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIRE-
iJij proof building: all conveniences: quiet.
I O- SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN CITY; PLKA3-
-1 —• ) ant front * tinny room <. jjjE
"UIEHMoNi," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
X Nicely furnished any rms: mod. conveniences.
91 A SIXTH— NICELY ' FUKNIsHtu UAi-
*->X t window suite, suitable for 2; also single
rooms: rent reasonable.
>«•! omi street.
cnQ SECOND— LARGE FURNISHED
uuO front room, with grate.
Stevenson Street.
f'AO STEVENSON, BET. SEVENTH AND
U*i*j Eighth— Furnished housekeeping rooms
bath: central. ■ • •
layit.r Street.
COQ TAYLOR (THE ''UTICA")-3 SUNNY
u^iU rooms, with bath, suitable for gentleman
only; 12 per month.
' lurk Street. .- \
"I A TURK — NICE LARGE SUNNY FRONT
I" room: grate; gas; 99.
F\4U TURK— SUNNY ROOM: FOLDING BED,
O^t'J grate, gas, bath; also single, f6: « 10.
Valencia Street. . i».U;;
101 ft 1 VALEXCIA-5I UNFURNHED RMS;
X\fX\Jlt matted 1 front, Dock parlor; bath; »10.
, Webster Street.
91 C WEBSTER -SUNNY FRONT ROOM-
Z.IIJ furnished.
Miscellaneous.
TWO OR THREE VERY DESIRABLE UN-
X furnished rooms; use of bath; reference. Ad-
dress D. . box (>6. Call .fflc«. -
BOAKDING ANli ICOOMS. ~
qTo^D IS Y~(iißATii )-e leg^CnTt~7hjnny
cfiz. window suites; single; board; refer-
ences.
LKASANT ROOM AND BOARD FOR LADY,
♦ 16; reference. 2115 Howard st. '
7% PINE (KENOVA): ELEGANT APART-
I £.tJ ments. lurnlssed or unfurnished, with su-
perlorboaTd: travelers solicited: references.
71 9 POST -SUNNY ROOMS; bUITABLB
I X£t for 2; excellent board; 920; parlor; piano.
OAQ VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISiHEI»SUNT
UVIJ ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OTKL BKRTLINO, 714 BUSH ST.-A FAM-
Uy hotel; references given and required : all
modern conveniences. • "
CHILUKKN BOAKOKD.
EFINED HOME FOR CHILD; ONE COW'S
IV milk. Apply 2013 Seventeenth st.
R EFINED PLEAHANT HOME FOR CHILD
at 1727 McAllister St.; fine care: terms mod-
erate. »'.:-■' • - -
STOKES 'lv LET. • ;••
QH'S^ STORE: 3 ROOM>; LIGHT CELLAR.
%R>£*J. 11^8 Howard st. nea.- Seventh. «
T^OR RENT-STOKE- AND ATI' ACHED
X? residences; SI 6 and *20. Inquire at 220 Mont-
i»ve.. near Paclfle.' . ■ ••-.
~ STABLES TO LET.
rpo LKT— STABLE WITH 7 STALLS- ON
X Twentieth »t.. n»arMln»lon: rent $10. • ■
UOKSKS. ~ ™
Af\ HORSES FOU BALE; ALSO WAOOXI
I\J boggles, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horw
Jfarkttt, 327 Slx:h st. ; auction Bales every Wtxiuor
Cay. SULLIVAN A boYLK, Auctioneers. ,
lI'UK emporium SALES YARDS. 220 VA
X lencla su. Is the place to go If you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
*.()/) SET NKW A.ND StCOSU-hA.MJ JdAU-
O\J\f ness: all kinds: boggy.wagon, carts, surrer
A rockawav: 40 cheap horses. l"ith and Valencia.
"I C/» Strs NiiW A.Nii SECOND HAND HAK-
XOU ness, all kinds; wagons. Dogging, surrovi.
rocka ways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission <T
V LEG A NT . YOUNG • HOUSE; GENTLE-
X-J saddle horse; ' reasonable. Inquire this office'
2 CARLOADS FINE HORSES, SINGLE ■ OR
— doub c. for all purposes. 139 Valencia st.
CiJ IiKAD DRIVING AnllWUrtK lioßSts;
t)U weight 1000 to : 7 on lh«. ~; 862 Hnwnrti nt.
ATTOHNE Vis- AT-LAW. ~~"
A"^^Vl7^FrF^E^^7HvT)R7?EnLA^V^^
ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. *. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
~U 'W. KINR, ATTY., CHRONICLE BLDU.-
XX . advice free: moderate;: open evng*. : 8 to 9
KINOORE A = MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AI 1
law. room 431 Parrott build I (Emporium).
DVICF FREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfui. W. W. DAYiJUSON, 827 Market as.
_'..'.■ _ 'rERSONAI,^.
MKS. ANNIE ASH-CALL AT p'oSTOFFICE '
and get letter. ■; \ . .. :
"TF PERSON WHO FOUND BLACK HAND-
X bag in toilet near aviary, Golden I Gate Park on I
election day wllf return same to 109>A Haves 'st.-
liberal reward. ' ,
"IT ISA PLEASURE To ME TO MAKE AN
'-I unlovely head of -hair, beautiful; and It Is a
pleasure for you % to have it done so cheaply (25c);
•Quinonia" Hair Tonic 35c a bottle; switches SI
G. LEDKRER, 111 Stocktons- . , >. ■
ME. ROLAND, TEACHER OF FRENCH
language. 765 Market st., room 15.
IS ITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEA^S OF
women. DR. SPITZY. 413% Kearny, ' to 4 r.M.
ADVICE ■■ FREE; DIVORCE > LAWS A SPE- !
clalty, private; no charge en ness successful; all *
law Buita, claims, collection* wills, deeds, etc at- i
•.fiideato. G. W. HOWK,ntty-at-law. «50 Markets^ I
LKOAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH- [
Xv out publicity; advice - free and confidential i
J^O. JEFi;^RE^S, 402 Montgomery su. room 18. i
"OAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
X\> ment: flee edge put on razor for 2 j cents.
AT THE PEOPLE'^ ONE DOLLAK MEDiCAt.
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029 Market 4i.
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco. Cal.
SPECIAL SALE • LADIES' CLOAKS- AND
kJ suits— Ladies' Jackets. $2 50 up; rapes $1 50
up; suits $8 up.. M. BARRY, rooms 44,45,46,
14 McAllister su • ■ ' .
AGN I SCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chln.j; uses the kinetoscope films: price $^50.
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market . *
JN- BRITTAIN. 20 GEARY ST., FOR FINE
• watch repairing - and jewelry work; low
prices; "first-class .work. ' ,
\\ ILL JENNIE R. HAMBKRTON OK OAK-
*« land please call at the Northern Pacific Rail-
way otlice, 638 Market su, 8. F.
pAINTING, .PA PEKING, TINTING and
X whitening: cheapest place for good wore. 1200
Webster st., cor. Eddy; telephone Steiner 235.
AKTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF, MAOAZINK
»nd i Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
tiasxes:* instructors, J. H. E. Partineton, Gertrude '
Partlngton. R. L. I'artlngton. Particulars 424 Pina.
GO TO- 609, THIRD; CHEAP PAINTING "
paperlns, whitening and plnsterlng: estimates
given for all kinds of work. , A. HOFFMAN.;
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR PERMANENTLY RE.
0 moved by electrolysis." MRS. DR. WELCH
2115 Bush, below FUlmore: hrs, 2 to 3. ex. Th A t-a.
SUITS CLEANED. PRESSED, $1; REI'AIRS
dyeing done. 26 Montgomery, r. 14; tel. red 2374.
\\, r DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
• *» kinds at reduced price* : mus: move; building
to be torn down. 6 and 7 Third su
KUPTUKK AND PILES CURED: NO PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. MANS-
FIELD A PORTE RFI ELD. 838 Market st. .
IIU k| | CARDS, $1 50: SHOW CARDS. 16c:
XUVIF tel. black 141. HILL. 22 Geary, rm. 39.
CLOAKis, FURS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory, 20 'Sansome su
URNKTT'S CORN CURE— SURE CURfc. FOrt
corns, bunions, warts: 26c. 327 Montgomery.
TRtNKJs Ur.LIVJb.KKD 25C UaY CIT
J- Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 57.
LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc.. removed by
■f-llte Electrolysis Co., 228 Turn, nr. Leavenwonn.
BIG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW EVit-
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al-
Ttrtlsementa In living light; promoters of ban-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market V.
Electric lights in every ROOM I ' I
Winchester House, 44 Third su. near Market- !
'-CO rooms. 26c to 91 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 pec '
weei;; trea bus and bagKagp to and from tne rerry.
11BEKAL ADVANCES ON" DIAMOND:* waiVV-
-i «-lry. etc.: lowest rates. V4K Market su .
OLD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 3q. cor. Jens:<».
Uiil..-!.S>iIAKt:US. ~~~
A 1 f'l GEAIIY-WE .MAKE I- LKGANT .oTT)
j iIU3 stylish dresses. $5 up; also dresses made
over. .
TYLISH SUITS FROM *3 UP: SKIRIS7SC
up: fit guaranteed. 559% Stevenson at
DRESSES. .92 UP: WRAPPERS. 50c UP;
lawn. $1 up. 6U534 Natoma si. above Sixth.
CLAIKVO YAXTsT"
MME. DR. THUMAS, SCIENTIFIC ; re".
- vealer by eggs and cards; tells entire life,
past, present, future; . consultations on all affairs;
nothing execpted; names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy: mistake im-
possible; letters answered. t>29 Post sU, nr. Larkin.
A * ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
•'*• an., card-reader, born with a aoub'>e veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, genii »1 ; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk sU, nr. Jones.
4 -N- ITaNA, THK GIPSY QOKEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
vT truthful predictions; reliable advice: no mat-
ter what troubles you have, com*, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
VI ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT. TKLi^i
■A* past, present and future: sneces^ to all; lor-
tones by mall: low prices. 856 Mission su
GYPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
Seventh st., nr. Market: ladles Vsc; gents 50c.
ME. KAVKNA RISADs LIKE VLUK.NILY:
business advire: names given: 25c. op. 5 Fourth
C~'ON.*>ULT LUCKY MKDICM: TELLS
I cradle to grave; 25c 41 Minna, near Second.
ME. WALT Kits, THKCARD-RKaUKR. RE-
•I'-i. turned; see her for the truth. 951 Mission. '-
MISS MELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT; PlT> i
ture future husband or wife. 786 V2 Howard.
\1 me. hanskn, palmist. caki>-keadek;
■IV* past, present and iuture; 25c. 148 6th su.r. 5.
V! ME. MOREAU. BEST FoHTUNE-TkLi.ER
i-'i- and medium in city; 26c up. 764 Howard su
\1 ME.' PEARL. CARD-HEADER; FORMERLY
■in Taylor St.. now located at 223 Post, room 2.
ME. DAVIS, CARD- HEADER"; MAGNETIC
healer: charms. 12a Post st., room 2. ■ -
ME. HARRISON. CARD-READER; PALM-
-Ist: recently from New York. IC9a Powell.
MME. L KTTE— PRESENT. PAST AND
m future; 26c; one price. 311 Tehama su
ON CHITA. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOYANT
\J and card-reader. 138 a Fourth St., room 4. !
('I-AIKVOYANT: CARD- READING: FEE
\J 50c; satisfaction-given. 114 Turk st.
ME. HOPK, CARD-RKADKK, PALMIST;
dreams Interpreted. Room 2,12 Mason sU "■
VI Mk7sYBILLE TELLS FKoM CRADLK TO
■»»• grave: pictures i veil: ladles 25c: S'l4 O'Fnrre!!.
. ' ...&riKITUAiaSJi.' : T~
Vl ME..E. YOUNG'S CKLKBRATED- HERB
i'l medicines for. kidney, liver and all female
troubles; also - her reliable hair res oratlves and
toller articles, at 605 McAllister sU: diagnosis free
4 to 6 p. m. ; sittings dAily; test circles Tuesday,
'1 bur.. Sat, and Sun- evenings, 10c; tel. Jessie 1101.
Oyf-f McVLLISTER — MRS.' ■ C. J. MKYKK,
•*—\) test circle every evening; 10c; Tuesday aud
Friday. 2 p. it., business sittings.
IK A N DER WILL GIVE SITTINGS FOR
■I this week only: $1. 1007 Market st.
MRS. ELLI.-S KDIUM, »i 11 LN'HS, 9TOB. $ I •
circles Tues-, Fri., 2 p. M., 26c. 1824 Market st.
RS. SHRINKR, TRANCE MEDIUM: SlT-
tlnpadally. 91; circle sun. eve. 311 Van Ness.
AM. FRANCIS,- INDEPENDENT SLATK-
• " riu-r. 118 Huleht «t.: hours 9 until Hp. ii.
. ASTROLOGY. . •„ . ~~
A^rXI^^KKII^PROK T^LMI?^i"FIFTTri !
rooms 12-13: luinncuiK's: qui-stlon<: afivico. I
UYI'NOTISiI. — — — .-
H^^Y^N^yJri^M^ScTK^TTFir/AXLT^T^^
success «rtd. H.vpnotlcMesmericlns.6 O'Farrell
__ ■ '' -■ ■■ .uej-tists. ■ .■' •
rTTtTcranz— extraction^painless^
crown wont, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. ■ 336 Sutler, NX. cor. Stockton.
<*>7 FULL SET OF ThKTH WORTH $16-
V> • . warranted 5 years: extraction free: fillings
60r Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
1/ULL SET OF~TKKTH, 87. WARItANTED-
-1 filling 60c crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 21 % 3d.
LIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY oil MONEY
I back: Installment plan;. established 12 years.
Office cor. sixth mid Mission, over I X L store.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
/ ket St. PR. CHARLES W. DECKER. -
fljj'7 A SET FOR TKKTH— WA I. RANTED AS
'C I. good as can be made; tilling 91 DR. SIMMs,
dentist, 930 Market su, next Baldwin Theater.
A I NLKSB iiXTKACIION, 60c: CROWN
X bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 13 yean'
experience. • R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
»T\R. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 MARKET ST., NR.
'U Eleventh; no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
SET Of TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR.
O H. O. Young, 1841 Polk st.
H.J.J.LhJCh, MARKKT. 1 OK. GOLDEN
Gate aye.: open evening*: Sundays till noon.
ROOMiC DENTAL ASSOCIATION. ,769 MAR-
\J ket, beu 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painlesi
extracting, with gas. $1; plates. $6 up: flu, 91 up.
R. GkO:U*K \V~. LEEK. THE GEN LINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractloa
and patentee of : improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o*Farrell«u
. i/irsi-cTTass DENTISTRY ; FIKSI'-CLAS-*
X prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 5378. W.C. HARDINO.M.D.. 600 Sutler
LL WORK TO SUITTIMES;WAKKANTJKU.
DR. RKA. 1870 MarKO-. St.. front Clt.v Hall. ■
LL WORK"! REASON ABLK AND WAR-
ranted. ; DR. .1. W. KKT, 1123 Market st.
':T~"i'-"''.' SEALED BIDS. '^.'■■■y ".':
QP > STNXn?A V LTEY" S W^Tlsirw7r^^
O ifornla St.. San Francisco. November 5, 1896—
Seated bids will be : received at the office 'of th<»
secretary; of the spring Valley Water Works, 516 J
California St.; up to m. on the 10th Inst., for any
part or 6000 shares of the • capital - stock : of toe
company in lots of no; less than 10 shares. All
stocK allotted on the said ; bids . will - be . ready for
delivery on the 12.1 i insU and must be taken and
paid for on or before the 14ih lust. ;;"•- '"
All bids must be accompanied by a deposit of 95
per i share - in gold - coin, .or certified ! check/, and
the Board of Trustees reserves the right to reject
any and all bids. By order of Hour! of Trustees. -
. ■ PELUAM > . AMES, secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE. .
("iMAT "it A CI FIC~ HEIGHTS^
T 2 new houses; all modern i improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas: will sell cheap: fine
marine view; conservatory. FUlmore and Green.
Apply BOY TOY & son TAG, 30 Montgomery.
ARGAIN; MUST BE SOLD: $4400; COST
> SlirOO; elegant 9-room residence; large stable;
1ft36.12.\ -151 Albion aye., bet. 16th and 17th
Bts.,. Valencia and Guerrero. -.; : j : . v
OL me 7 ROOMS AND LOT; 50x80; ON' FOL-
som St.: Si! soo. PA'ITERSON & CO., 2 Va-
lencia St.
'\TEW SUNNY CORNER; MARINE VIEW;
■i-1 house hardwood finish; must be sold; see
owner to-day. 5447 Clay st.
"VTOW, SEE HERE. CAN YOU BUY FOR
XV &7500 such a valuable corner as SW. . Fol-
som and 21st sts? 65x90: will subdivide if re-
quired: also 20th st. and -Treat aye., 25x110,
$2500: also N. side Pa<?e St., 60x100, 37:6 feet
from comer Schrader, between Schrader and Sian-
yau. *5750: will subdivide if rt quired: offer
wanted. Inquire H«rl> Institute, 1205 Market St.
ET A HOME: LOTS $60 CASH AND $10
per month; prices *750 to $900: size 25x120:
location, California St.. ie.ith and Eleventh uw*. ■
lots read» to build on: great -bargain. ■ BOVEE,
TOY & sONNTAG,3O Montgomery sU »
ARGAIN-FI.AT AND STOREROOM BE-
low. : price $3250. Apply 2 to 4 p. m., 2037
Fifteenth st.
ÜBSTAiNTIAL MODERN UOUSKS BUILT;
$150 to $275 a room; parti's contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1 14y Mir>3iu:i.
1 f\t\(\ COTTAGE 3 rooms IN HER-
iJpIUUV/. keley: !ot40xl»0: $10 monthly.
$1000— 100x100; $50 down- $16 monthly
♦400- Lot 40xl'Jl>; »25down: $25 monthly..
$500— Half acre hill land: $10 monthly.
MAS. A. BAILEY. 20 Montgomery «t.
COUNTKY SEAL ESTATK.
*_> ACRES in FRUIT, WITH 8-ROOM HOUSE,
— good barn; all new: $3500.
80 acres vegetable land; $250 per acre.
20 acres. 5 acres in fruit and vines: house, barn,
well, windmill and tank: $2600.
10 acres: some fruit; -good uousc and bar.i; will
rent $12 per month.
3 acres; chicken ranch: new house and barn,
chicken-houses: 91800.
Town and country property; large list; houses
built on the installment plan. Call or write for
particulars. P. WILBKRT, wards, Cal.
FORECLOSED RANCH FOR > ALE OR RENT:
X 320 acres In Santa Cruz Mountains; partially
In full-hearing orchard, etc. Inquire of GEORGE
H. LUCHSINGER, 18 Geary bu. San Francisco.
mo RENT— SMA Ll ORCHARD WITH 5-ROOM
X house, good barn and chicken-yard, near the
Oakland and San l.eandro Electric Railroad.
DRIVER, ABER A CO.. San Leandro.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
0 pamphlet of California lands for sale by H.
FRANCIS, rooms 69-70-71. Chronicle building,
San Francisco. CaL
rpo LEASE— 2OO ACRES GOOD Lh-VKL LAND,
X Woodside, 4 miles from Redwood City: new
house. Apply L. ALT&CH UL, 320 Clay St., S. F.
L OR SALE— SMALL OKCHARD NKAR THE
• Oakland and San Leacdro Electric Railroad.
DRIVE K. A HER A CO.. Sau l.eandro.
11TLK Homes, CLO^K to town, liT
J proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre piece*
on 8 and 10 years' crediu D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City: »-very Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
rKOPEKTV TO EXCIIANOE.
1 OH RANCHES. „..."..". 100 TcTsstuso»
X\J\J 100 business places from $50 to 20,000
50 houses and lots $50 to $30,000
What have you to offer.
Apply to H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. sth
rriO. EXCHANGE CITY AND COUNTRY
X property. UNDERWOOD A CO., 765 Market
OUsK AND LOT IN BERKEL.KY TO EX-
change for city lots. DECKKR, 1020 Market.
QEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
O for sale. WOOSTEK & WHITTON, Sun Jose.
rpiMBER— ACRES; KERN CO.; PLENTY
i water: excellent stock ranch' N.. box 18. Call.
• . .  MONEY TO LOAN.
T OANS ON RE AL ESTATE FIRST Ott BEC-
XJ oiid mortgagee, and furniture or pianos, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, ;c;s Mont-
gomery st. ;.•- ;; ■-;_
SOUND MONEY in TRUST at 6 PElt CENT,
on real estate second mortgage, on pianos and
furniture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS, 240 Mon.-
gomery st.
<Bjinn 000 AT lowest rates; city
<rT» LUU.UUU and Oakland realty: life insur-
ance; estates in probate, stocks, etc.; any sum.
SHAIN WALD. BUCKBKE A CO.. 218-220 Montg
IiVANCJaiS ON DIAMONDS. WATlUlii
Jewelry, also on furniture, plaaoi, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN J iiH.it if
bl ORE. 948 Market »v : open evenlncs. '
A LWAYS ON TOP FOR LIBERAL A I)-
--TV vances at low Interest; call and be convinced.
Cut-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bid*, 809 Market
Qt>')"; OOM A ' r ~** ax^" hate-.: Ist and
tip*J~iJ.\J\J\J MA morteaces. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as iow as $50. H. MUK PHY. 628 Market st.
VIONJiJT ,LOANiI.U ON . JUWIILjIY AMI
i.»l other valuables nt the Security Loan Office
HCBMarkctgu.nr^ Mason; private entrance 7 Turf.
i jiKi-cr o;s "vol'i-. »'in.N iture or PIANU.
iv bo removal: no delays: no commissions: low
lDlerest. Km. 68. D'jnohne tld*. 1170 Marice: «,
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'lit or Hit MUKTUAUf.i
XV estates, cndlvided interests, real estate la u»*
bate. MoI'OLUAN. «1 Montcomerv. room 3. -, ,
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON ANY GOOD
X security: low Interest. N.. box 1 5, Call Office.
ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS: NO RK-
moval; low interest: private party. 219 Powell.
NY AMOUNT: LOWEST KATE: IST A2 D
mortgage: flat or Installment. Dry den. 535 Cal.
ITY REAL ESI ATE:ADVANCr.b OK RENTS
pianos, furniture. SPECK A CO.. 602 Markeu
-A DVaNCESONDIAMOND^JKWKLKV. KTiJ
.M coin in bin l.rmn <V «:q'lnt»>r>l Ofll**" it '<»•*»' •• ■.-•»
~ I'AWNKUOKEKS.. '. "
HIGHEST PRICE PAID " FOR CAST 'oF?
XX clothing. CoomopoMtan l.osn OR1p». 49 Third.
FINANCIAL. '
yiJQnrjn WANTED for 1 ■" year at '10
(jpOUUUppr cent, on property near Oakland,
valued at $bOOO. Address 11. P. T ICON, notary
public, 321 Montgomery sU, city; or P. D.
BROWNE. 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
1 OANs AND DISCOUNTS. SYLVAIN SaLO-
Xj MuN, 321 Moctgomery sU, room 222. .
■ <ft I 00 000 TO LoAN as LOW AS BANKS.
tPll/U.UUW Anplvrm2'-'2. (^nl.^Hfo t)>n.Bllg.
MUSICAL INSTKUMKNTS. 7 ~~
AGAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THE
-t»- fact that we are selling good-toned second-
hand pinacs fur »8. $4 and $5 per month: beauti-
ful new uprights for $15, $7. $8, $9 and $10 per
month; no e«sh payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos
from us have the privilege of exchanging seme for
a Stelnway any time within 8 years from date
without sacrifice HHKRMxN, CLAY <& CO.,
representatives of ■ steinway A Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearnv and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oat-
land, CaL; Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
CTUaLLY THK Bi.ST BARGAINS IN Pl-
enos; see our list tor this week; pianos on $3
$4. $5, 90, 97, 98, $9, $10, $15, 920 monthly pay-
ments: tine stool and cover with each; dellverej
free anywhere In tl.e city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO,
salesrooms 9BS Market st., opp. Mason.
N IMMKNsE STOCK OF NEW AKII SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices: remember
ours is ihe oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago; call or write. KOHLEK <£ CHASE, Zi
O'Farrell st., Ban Franrlsco.
REAL CHANCE!! AS FINE A PIANO AS
money will buy (a Hardman) ordered sold by
a musician forced to realize cash at onoe: only in
use a short time. THIS J. DEWING CO., 2d floor.
Flood building. Fourth and Market »ts. .
PRICES TALK! AN ELEGANT NEW UP-,
X right piano, stool, cover, delivery, tunlne,-
-$169 60: new solid oak and walnut organs, 947 50.
J. HARRY SCOT I. 826 Hayei su
VIAGNIFICENT CALKNBURG AND VAT'-
»'l pel i arlor grand piano, cheap, almost new, at
GKORE WALCOM'S furniture and upholstery
store, 402 Gutter st. .
piANOs $76TflOOAND UPWARD M)R CASH
X or Installments. ZKNO MAUVAIS Music Com-
pany, 769 Market st. : . ' .
LEG ANT KMi-.RSON, FIRST-CLASS ON-
dltlon. at sacrifice. E. W. LICK. 116 McAllister.;
u> 1 I(\ UPRIGHT, COVER, STOOL; 95
<IDi-J-V/. lnsu: cost 9300. 221 Leavenworth.
VINE UPRIGHT PIANO, «110: SQUARI-., 930.
r STATHAM A CO.. 106 McAllister su •
A DOLLAR A WKjsK OX RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 1.-56 Ellis st.
LEGANT STEINWAY: SPLENDID BaR-
XJ gain. Room 12. 809 Market tt. .
ALLET A DAVIS AT SACRIFICE.
SCIIMIT'/.. 16McAlUster,next Hibernla Bank.
AS USUAL RKUENN PIANOS RECEIVED
highest award Mechanics' Fair. 228 Pos: sU
AGN IFICENT. STJSIN AY. Ii PKIGUT A.v D
Schubert: little used: sacrifice, 1019 Van New
. W (^ JiiiliUtK, SUi-r. AGENT *Ott HALLK1 1
' » -A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac*to
L/VhuN MAOVY, bOB MOST. bT.—sOHMJiH,
J> Nfwbr A Kvanv J<rlcr« «nd other pianos.
UfKRIOK VIOLINS. ZITHKRS. OLDANKW
O H. -MUI.I.K!'.. maker, r^i.^irT -' lai ham i>la..-a.
.- . V* AUOAj ; A-NJJ tAlii;iA*j>Ls. ;
FOR SALE— CHEAP: 1 NEW DELIVERY
wagon; 1 second-band top laundry wagon: 1
5-ton, good as new, sand wagon: must be so.d be-
fore Nov. 10. Apply : 295 Linden aye; W. as-
MUsSEN. ' . ..- . "• .- :;.':.. -, -.'■
LOR SALE — AT A BARGAIN (ML'3l' BE
J sold), nearly new butcher caru New v ork sta-
ble, 507 Jessie st. ...■'.-. - -■ .-. -. - -..
TVTEW AND biSCONU-HANDIJAKERS'. LaUN-
Xi dry, milk and ; grocery wagons: also rocifawajr
and 2 flue liuir«les. - 828 Harrison nt, , ■■_..■
IIORSKS -AND. WAGON; 1 CHEAP.'. APPLY
KLUETSCH, 1763 Fifteenth St., near
Valencia.: •.->';;;". ; . • ■ ■'.■.-. i
\\T ANTKD-TWO-HORSE TRUCK: MUST BE
*' In flrat-clays; order. T. . box 15. Call Otlice. ;
rmvb laundry wagons and rocka-
X way: must be sold. 1620 Mission 5t. ., , ■■
T.-'OR SALE-KIRsT-CLASS ' BACK, AT 2215
'£ Mission at., Mtnlo stables. ........ •-.:■% j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATK.
A.BUY— FINE 8-ROOM HOUSE: NEW: LOT
-Tl.- 60x175: street work all done; 5 minutes' walk
to local station; close to electric cars: price, $3000;
ha f cash; balance on time. FIELD REALTY CO.,
1128 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
pro: for FITCH BURU!
10 - D ,AY TAKR YOUR FAMILY AND
tRIENDS OUT ON THK. FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDRO AND
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
Pee Southern Pacific Time-Cart.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK Is THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON . ; •
THE PACIFIC COAST. .
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
i OUT OF MARKET STREET, TO
1 ITCH BURG STATION IN
;, .; FORTY- MINUTES. -
A lftmeda, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains singed
by the Fitchburs; scorcher. Hay wards electric
cars from Oakland. every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosmiroiu m Pitch-
burg.
_ Fttchhur? is the most promlsini; suburb on the
olrect.llne of up-to-date public and private im-
provements in the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location, its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
Irelght by Damon's line of fast-snl'lng vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county road*
leading to it are incon.estible proofs. It Is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
*veuve trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grovaj.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY. ;
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now. and bold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
improvements to make. Water supply from' 3
companies at your doors. Lois In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracu iv
an inaccessible hay Held. • - ;
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
(o parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash ; deferred payments in easy imiuUmauu;
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, in Montgomery st_ S. W.
'iiIAD. S. FITCH. Fltchbnrg. __^
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
u'kau diamonds by patronizing tH
*' X i I I.LHAAS. re-dealer. 11th. OaKld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
< AIAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
AN EXCEPriONAL^^PPOin.'ijNITY FOR
Investment of a small capital In Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new B-room cottages in a first-class locality; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and
within half block ■ of business street and electtic
railway: artesian well; gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. For
further particulars address A, R. DENKE, 1603
t-eveniii St., Alameda. Cal. :
BtUKELEV REAL -ESTATE.
<2>l 7f;n THE BIGGEST BARGAIN EVEN
C X. lt>». these dull times; house of 6 rooms;
large lot: street work done; close to station: aani-
tary plumb ng. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley station.
TVTEW MODERN 5-KOOM COTTAGE,. 40x100.
X> $1500. 918 monthly: 5-room cottage, 40x80,
$850, »16 monthly. F. BoEGLE, Golden Gate, or
W. c. MOKA.v. i.orln.
ISKKKKLKV tiOLsjis.
H AT BEAUTIFUL HOME IN BERKELEY
X of 12 rooms and bath Is now ready for a tenant:
newly painted and papered throughout: 10 acres
of ground; large orchard: any variety of tlowen
and lovely lawn: price $30, worth $60. Apply
A. J. .SXVDKR CO.. 467 -Ninth St.. Oakland.
BDVCAX lON —
e^l~u^bljsTn^s^ujlTe7TeT^4~^ost
St.— Bookkeeping^- business practice, short- i
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; 20
teachers; 16,000 graduates: catalogue.
YKtS', iHE , LEADING COLLEGE. 325
Montgomery gt. : individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
life scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
OICE, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND KLO-
V cution; latest and best methods. MRS. CAL-
HOUX, 3915 California st. - .
IJOOKKKEPiNU THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
XJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARR, room 572, Parrott Emporium building.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND " BUSINESS
College. 723 Market st : expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere: day and night.
«, >.LA»CU'.i LYCKUM hCiIOOL OF ACT 1 No— "
• > i'livate theatricals arranged: pupils rohears3l
on age. R. 6 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mkt
UHOOIjjb^fcUTUICAJVCiY'iL.'UINING.-MK.-
-0 chanical fnglneerinc, surveying,' archltectnra-
f»Esay : estab. '64. VAN DHR NAILLKN. 723 Mkt.
p UITAR, MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAL
\XX lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
SINGING: PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French, German languages :s2 mo. 109Taylor,r7.
BOOK KPN o, \\i<iLSU. A Jtli'ii M. IC. W A -•! it
day nl-.-ht: noclaises: S5 month. t«4S Mlminq
A Wi.yK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS —
-M. WKEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
UJiI>ICAL. ~~~ ~~~
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from ; and diseases peculiar to their sex:
latest Improved method of treatment; never
fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to - make them
well; travelers helped imme'liateiy; prices to suit
th« times: home In coulinemenu DR. it MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. m. 10 5 p. v. and 7 to 9 r. it
LL CASES OF COMPLAINTS REMOVED
at once: safe and sure relief guaranteed:
travelers helped without delay: Dome in con-
finement; regular physician of long and suc-
cessful practice: medical electricity and safe reme-
dies '.or all female complain. ; ladles call and
state your case bef.re bein* treated elsewhere;
you will save time and expense; consultation free. '
MRS. ph. W YETH. 915 Post su, near Larkin.
DR FOULKT'S FRENCH CAPSULE'S. A
euaranteed ab<olnte cure lor all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safe-
and sure: no danger or after effects; taken in time,
It also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BKOTHERS, 33 Grant aye., fcan *■ ranclsco.
a new'pr"oc¥ss^no" MEDICINE, INSTRU-
-E\- men: or worthless pills used; ry woman
herown physic an for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always la one day; can
be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed.
DR. POPPER MRS. DRS. NAIL, .MS Kearny.
MAYELLA FEMALE PILLS RELIEVE ALL
female troubles in 3 days price $2; May ell a
Tablets prevent all female <om plaints, price $1.
.Write for circular to Woman's Drug Co., Station
X, San Francisco. Cal.
ADIES, CHICHESTERS ENGLISH PENNY-
royat Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable: take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars, "Relief tor Ladies." in letter by return mall:
»t druggist's. Chlche3ter CHem. Co.. Philadelphia,
D'~b. GOODWIN MAKES a specialty OB"
diseases of women and restores alt cases of :
In one day, guaranteeing a cure or no charge;
separate home for patients: best skill; low fees;
pills $2. • 904 McAllister st. . . - J
ffljXnfl PAID FORA CASE IF AIL TO CURE
«JP«J\-»V of fe.-nale complaints or diseases of the
eye: home in confinement; consultation free,
at MRS. DR. SCOTT'S. 613 Jones su
SURE LURK FOR ALL FKMALh. DIS-.
eases, from whatever cause; home 1 In confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYER, 226 Turk su
DO N'T FAIL TO CON SULTDit. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Maricet si. ; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall.
LPEAL'S FRENCH PILLS— A iiOoN TO
lades troubled with irregularities; no danger:
cafe and sure; »2 60 express *.'. O. D.-. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, CaL. '
KTHOPOLITAN DISPKNSARY, .1073%
Market su— We treat all diseases of men,
women and children; consultation by mail $1.
QMS, A FRtEND AND -MOT/IER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. fI'KKE. 1416 f.lghth su, Alameda..
"IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE
■Isep MRs.DK. PL'E'l'Z and becontenu "is4i^ 4th.
1 \H. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children. '
MH». DKS. . DONOVAN, 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
confinement: terms reasonable. .
rKVSICIAJVS.
R. C. C. O'DONNELL?I2O6~"maRKET, COR
Golden tin: c aye. .oiiieasea ot women a specialty.
~ . HKWXBTG JIAUIIIXES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGED.
■f\ rented .repaired: lowest r.itpw. aQS Fourth nt.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
CALVERT— lathis city.' November 6, 1898, to
ihe wife of George K. Culvert, a daughter.
ELKINS— In this city. November 7. 1896, to the
he or Frank K. Elkloa, a son.
ORANVILLE— In this city.: October 30.1898. to
'. Hie wire of Arthur J. GranvillA, a daughter.
OSSWALD— Novembar 6, 1893, to tne wife of
Charles E. Osswald, a son.
PRATT-In Oakland. November 7. 1898, to the
wife of Robert Francis Pratt, a son. . ■ - *
SPARGE— In this city, November 7, 1896, to the
■ wife of Join Sparge, a daughter." 1; .' •. ■-.-:■- . -
;"■-.: ":.: MAIMIIKp. - "-.• ■ \ y ,
LAZZ\REVICH-DUFFY-In this city. Novem-
ber 5. 1H96, by* Judge Hebbard, Captain L. Laz-
zarevich and Miss M. C. Duff/. r
LONG-WYNNE- In this city. October 24. 1896,
■I by the Rev. Father He 1 sin or St. Francis Church,
Archie F. Long anJ Ella a. Wynne, both of San
1 Frauciaco. :
DIED.
\ ■ Brown. William H. Mansfield. J. M.
Cnntlen. Richard Milton. Anthony
Daulton, Charles M. ' , Mooser, William
Demartini. Fradk Ott. Nicholas
Foley, Mary I Qui;ley, Catherine
Gleeson, Anne t?ee:lgioan. Michael
Holu Mrs. Jennie Sheeny, John M.
Hughes. -Michael - smith, Janet
. Kelley, George B. ' Stewart, Euphemna
King. Alice Stoldart, David
Lynch, Michael Walker, WUsoa M.
Wood, Henry a.
BROWN— In this city. November 8, 1898, William
" Henry, beloved husband of Mary E. Brown, and
father of May me -E., Thomas W. and Joseph Ber-
*. tron Br/'.vn, a native of England, aged 65 years
4 month! and 10 days, fliniliih papers please
copy.j . ...
J93~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
CANTLEN— this city. November 6, 1831.
Richard, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Canllen, and lather of James and Lizzie Cant-
len, Mrs. J. O'Brien. Mrs. J. P. Fitzgerald. Mrs.
J. D. Reid and Mr* J. W. Kelly, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 67 years.
A3~r'riend3 and acquaintances »r» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his lato
residence, 17 Erie street. thence to St. Joseph's
Church. Tenth street, where a requiem high mass •.
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
, Cross Cemetery. ' ■ •--.■
DAULTON— In this city, November 7, 1898,
Charles M., beloved son of Frank and Viola
Daulton, a native of Missouri, aged 13 years and
3 months.
47Fri»-nds and acquaintances arc respect-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. jr., from the residence
of his parents, corner Carter and Walbridge
streets, near Six-mile House, San Bruno road.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. ; ••■■.■>;■
DEM ARTINI— In this city, November 7. 189%
J? rank, beloved husband of Mary Demartini, son
of Antonio and Rosa Demartini. and brother of
' Baptiste. Amelia and Na'.al Demartlul, a n&tlva
of Sau Fraucisco, a^ed 25 year* 2 months and 7
days. -
J&3~ Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the tuneral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late
lesidence. 2 22 Vi s' Montgomery avenue. Inter-
ment Italian cemetery.
FOLEY— In this city, November 7, 1893. Mary
E., dearly beloved wife of James A. Foley, and
daughter of the late Mrs. Thomas Tynan, a na-
tive ot San Francisco, aged 26 years 4 mouths
ana M days.
AST Friends and - acquaintance an» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, OOSy, ' Grove street, thence to Sacred
Heart Churcu, corner Fillmore and Fell streets,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GLEESON— In this city, November 8. 1896,
Anne, dearly beloved wife of William Gleeson,
and mo. her of William Jr. aud Florence Glee-
son, Mrs. C. Chaffer, Mrs. Josephine Mlllzner.
Mrs. E. skil!raan and the late Thomas Gleeson,
Mr*. M. .Mar: in, Mrs- Rebecca Hayden (nee
" Dolan). and grandmother of Cormac Dolan, a
native of Ireland, aged 63 year).
j&tf"Noticeof funeral nereartar.
HOLT— In this city, November 7, 1893. Mrs. Jen-
nie Holt, relict of the late Thomas Holt, mother
of Agnes V. Holt, and sister of Mrs. H. L. Field,
a native of Norway. Me. .
JUST Friends are respectfully 'Invited to- attan I
the funeral services THIS DAY (Monday), at
9:30 o'clock a. if., at her late residence. 2IJSB
Scott street. Interment private, Mountain lew
Cemetery, Oakland.  ,\ . ; * .
HUGHES— In this- city, November 8, 1898,
Michael, beloved husband of Mary Hughes, and
father of Annie Hughes and Mr*. William Peart,
a native of County Armagh, Ireland, aged 67,
yean
Co-Friends and Acauaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend she funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 3268 Folsom street, thence 10 St.
Peter's . Church, Twenty-fourth and Alabama
streets, where a solemn requiem mass will ba
celebrated for the repose of his soul commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. h. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KELLKY— In West Berkeley, George R., beloved
son of George W. and Kate W. Kelley, a native
of Oakland, aged 9 year* and 21 days. ,v--"
KING— In this city, November 8. 1898. Alice,
beloved wife of the late John King of Caspar,
Mendoclno County, Cal.. a native or Germany,
age 1 49 years 3 months and 2 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral services
TO-MOKROW (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p.m., at.
the First Baptist Church, Kdily street, near
Jones. -Interment Meudocino City, Meodocino
- County. Cal. Remains at me parlors of McAvoy
A Gallagher. 20 Fifth street.
LYNCH— In this city, November 7, 1896, Michael
Lynch, beloved son of the late Michaeiand Han-
nah Lynch, and oroUier of Mamie and Edwar.l
Lynch, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged 24
years.
AS* Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of J. Godeaa. 305 Montgomery avenue.
Interment luount Calvary Cemetery.
MANSFIELD— In Napa. November 6, 1898, J. M.
Mansfield, aged 71 years.
ASrThe funeral will take piece THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. v., al Napa, from the
-— Presbyterian Church.
MILTON— In Oakland. November 7, 1896,
Anthony, beloved* husband of tue late Alicia
Milton,-, and father of Dr. J. L. and Marietta
Milton. •;:-; -
«S"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW S
(Tuesiay), at 9 a- m., from his late residence,
1215 San Pablo avenue, ti-encu to Si. Francis de
fall's Church, where as jte.ru n requiem mass
will be crlebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. m. Friends and
acquaintances are invited to attend. Please:
omit flowers. Interment t?t. Mary's Cemetery.
MOO-SICK— In this city, November tJ. 1896, Wil-
liam, husband of Louisa Mooser, and father of
Joseph H., Charles E., Louis 11., William Jr.,
Alice and Albert 11. Mooser. and son-in-law of
Madame S. Michel, a native of Geneva, Switzer-
land, aged 62 years.
JB3" Friends ar.« repectfully invite't to atteni
the funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 10
o'clock a. it., from his late residence, 2709 Pierce
street.' Interment private. Kindly omit flowers.
OTT— In this city. November 7, 1696, Nicholas,
beloved husband or Anni° Ott, and father of the
late Elizabeth Ott. a native of Germany, aged 63
yearn and 7 months. [Paw-tucket (R. I.) papers
please copy. )
JK^The funeral will take place TO-MORROW '
(Tuesday), at *:45 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor <fe Co., 787 Mission street.
thence to su Patrick's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose of lu.s
soul, commencing at V a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . '
QUIGLEY— In this city, November 7, 1896.
Catherine, wife of the late Daniel Qui -ley. a
native of Moneymore, County Londonderry, Ire-
land, Age 1 65 years.
Friends and .acquaintances are n>3D»5--
fnllv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY "
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock .a. m., from her late
residence, 7 Verona street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the renoje. of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
.holy Cross Cemetery. . .
SKKLIG>OHN — In this city. Michael Seeligsohn.a
native of San Francisco, aged 33 yean.
aSTTIie funeral wilt take .place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.:
Interment Hills of Eternity Cemetery. ,
N. S. G. W. — lo tho oflicsrs and members of Cali-
fornia Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W.— Brothers: You
' are resDecttully requested 10 attend the last sad
• rites over all that is mortal of our late, most re- >
spected and worthy -• brother and president,
Michael Seeligsohn. Please assemble at your hall,'
N. S. G. W. building. THIS DAY (Monday), at
1 o'clocic P. M. sharp.
.l.vs. o» D YER, First Vice- Preside nU ■
Fbakk B. R yak. Secretary. . . -,.
SHEEHY— In this city, November 8. 1896. John
' M. sheeny, beloved son of Patrick J. and Mary -
bh?eh.v, a native or San Francisco, aged 8 years
7 months and 17 days.* .
jay Friends and acquaintances are respecP
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the residence '
of the parents. 548 Howard street. Intermens
Holy Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, November 7, 1896, Janet,
beloved wife of H. T. Smith, and- mother of
Harry W. Smith and Mrs. A. C. Foge, a native
or Sydney, .Australia, aged 47 years and 12
1: onths. - • •
jgSTTbe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from her late ■
residence. 1622 Leavenworth street. .
C of F.— Justice Circle No. 104, C. O. F., Worthy
Companions: You are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our deceased friend, Companion
Mrs. Janet Smith. THIS DAY (.Monday), at 2
' p. m., from her late residence, 1622 Leavenworth
street. By order of .
MISS McDERMOTT, Chief Companion. .
STEWART— East Oakland, November 7,1896,
Euphemna Stewart, widow of the late John
Stewart of Columbia. Tuolumne county. Cai..
a native of Scotland, aged 72 years. [Souora
(Tnolumne County) papers please copy.j • •
JOG?" Friend* and acquaintances are respect- '
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her late
resiJence, 1627 Seventh avenue. East Oakland.
Interment private. . -
STODDART— In Alameda, November 7, 1896.
David StodJart, formerly of Oakland and lately
Of Los Angeles, dearly beloved son of Eliza J.
and tho late David StodJart. a native of San ~,
Francisco, aged 0 years ! 0 months and 21 days.
H-J-Friends . and , acquaintance) are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service*
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 8 o'clock P. if., at
the residence of his mo her, Mrs. E. J. Stoddart.
corner Kayo Vista and Oakland avenues , Oak-
land (Piedmont car). The interment will take
place the following day, WEDNESDAY, at
Masonic Cemetery . oau Francisco. The hoar
will be announced hereafter.
WALKER— In Alameda, November 8, 1893. Wil-
son 5 M.. beloved son of - Mary a. and W. J. •
Walker, and brother of Mrs. William Taylor.
Mrs. F. H. Pawling »nd John Henry Walker,
a native of San Francisco, aged 20 years 10
months andJs days. .
WOOD— In woodland, November 7,1893. Henry
BorJen AVood, a native of Rhode Island, aged
70 yet..-* and 3 months.
jB3~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 0 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, corner Fourth . and Main ■ streets,
Woodland, thence to the Knights Landing Ceme-
tery for interment. Friends and acquaintances
are respectfully invited to attend.
i ' MCAVOY & CALLACHER, I.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 K.HBALMKB3, .
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
f; " . — ' Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN M ATEO CO.UNT . NEAREST CEM& '
tery to the city; : non-sectarian ; In no sens* ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Ode*) Wl MWkll'
•Weed Muiii«aii comer e« tiUUh •
1112
I PISTOL AT A
PRAYER MEETING
Excitement in the Salva
tion Army Head
quarters.
Charles R. Sbaw, an Intoxicated
Member, Pulls Out a
Revolver.
FIGHT FOR ITS POSSESSION.
The Revolver Explodes and P. G.
Schipper Has His Thumb Almost
B own Off.
A pistol shot in trie Salvation Army
headquarters, 1193 Market street, caused
considerable excitement in the neighbor
hood yesterday morning about 11 o'clock.
A bullet was iired from a revolver in the
possession of Charles R. Shaw, a carpen
ter by trade, and a member of the Salva
tion Army, who was under the influence
of liquor and is at the City Prison on the
charge of assault to murder.
Shaw hed been drinkine for about a
week nid Adjutant Bull of the Sixth
corps, to which Sbaw belongs, happened to
see him on Taylor and Maiket streets
yesterday morning where the corps holds
open-air meetings. Knowing his condi
tion she did not wish him to take part in
thi open-air meeting, so she sent M. M.
Woods, another member of the corps, to
bring him to headquarters to attend the
morning prayer meeting there.
Woods, after a deal of persuasion, got
Shaw to accompany him to headquarters.
They took a seat on a form in congress
hall near the door. The meeting went on,
but Shaw became noisy and "Woods could
not prevail upon him to keep quiet.
P. G. Schipper, who was seated opposite
to Shaw, crossed over to help Woods in
keeping Shaw in order. Woods whispered
to Schipper that Shaw had a revolver in
his overcoat pocket and to try and get it
from him. Schipper talked to Shaw for a
few moments and noticed that he kept his
hand in his overcoat pocket. Finally
Rhaw put ou his tint and rose from his
beat.
"You're not going away?" asked Schip
per.
'Yes, I am," replied Sbaw, "I want to
get uut."
"You're not mad, Charlie, are you?"
asked Schipper. "Sit down, man, and re
main till the meeting is over."
Siiaw placed his hat on the seat and
puiled fcue revolver out of his overcoat
pocket. Schippor was watching him
and promptly grabbed the weapon to
wrencu it from htm. During the struggle
the revolver exploded and the bullet
struck Schipper s right thumb, went
through Shaw's hat and buried itself in
the seat. Ischipper wrenched tne revolver
Irom Shaw. It was fortunate that no one
was sitting in the vicinity, otherwise Shaw
might have been called upon to answer to
a mors serious charge.
The report of the shot brought the meet
ine to an abrupt close. Adjutant Bull
and other members of the army crowded
round Shaw, while Schipper hastened to
the Keceiving Hospital.
A member of the army ran to the Cen
tral Police Station and notified Sergeant
Nash of the shooting. The sergeant sent
Policeman Gaynor with the patrol wagon
to the army* headquarters and Gaynor
placed Shaw under arrest, against the
strenuous objections of the members of
the army, who claimed it was all an acci
dent. No one would prefer a charge, so
Gaynor had to do so himself.
Adjutant Bull had a long talk with
Shaw in the City Prison. She tried bard
to ascertain what he wanted with a loaded
revolver, but he would not give her any
satisfactory answer. She found out that
he bad married a young girl aboul a week
ago, but whether ttiat had anything to do
with starting him off on his debauch is a
matter of conjecture. Shaw is 30 years of
age.
MEETING OF THE MINERS
The State Association to Con- !
vene in This City To-
Morrow.
Important Subjects to Come Before
the Members for Discus
sion.
The State Miners' Association will con
vene to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock in
Odd Fellows' Hall with a full representa
tion of delegates from all of the mining
centers of the State.
The number of representatives and the
counties from which they come are as fol
lows:
Nevada, 86; Placer. 92; San Francisco,
50; Ei Dorado, 20; Amador, 43; Caiaveras,
14; Santa Clara, 8; Siskiyou, 5; Yuba, 14;
Kern, 3; Los Angeles, 1; San Diego, 1;
Butie, 12; and San Buenaventura, 1.
These with members of the Chamber of
Commerce and .Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association will swell the number
present to quite a dignified body.
Julian Sonntag, the secretary of the
association, will open headquarters at the
Marble room of the Palace Hotel this
afternoon, where the delegates will report
and where ail information can be ob
w ' — Absolutely Pare —
The greatest Ameri-
can baking powder.
Sold the world over
and approved by the
highest authorities for
its healthf ulness*
■OVAL BAKING POWDER CO, NEW-YORK.
tamed regarding the questions likely to
come before the convention.
The convention will take decided meas-
Uies lo have the laws amended regarding
location and assessment, riparian rights,
sale of bullion and amalgam — subjects
that have received no attention at the
hands of the Legislature since 1850.
Another question that will receive the
attention of the convention will be a reso
lution which will no doubt be passed, re
questing Governor Budd to till one of the
two vacancies soon to occur in the Board
of Regents for the State University with a
practical mineralogist.
The convention will also urge that the
next session of Congress make provisions
for the appointment of an additional Cabi
net otlicer, whose duties it will bo to look
after mines and miner?' claims* and rights.
An officer attached to the executive
branch of the Nation's Government on
this subject, it is claimed by those inter
ested in mines, would be of equal if not oi
more importance than a Minister of Agri
culture.
An act had been before Congress on a
previous occasion, but it did not pass. In
tbe meantime the miners were busy in ob
taining favorable views from the present
elected members regarding this bill with
the Cabinet provision uttacned.
The valuable services rendered the
Miners' Association by President J. H.
Neff will insure his re-election, although
he has signified his intention of retiring,
but the delegates whose views have been
ascertained on this subject say they will
not listen to President Neff's wishes in the
matter.
•—• — « — •
Missionaries to Japan.
To-morrow evening a farewell reception will
be given Miss Spencer, the daughter of Dr. \V
Sharkey in His Training Quarters Overlooking: the Pacific Ocean — A Spat With the Bag.
A. Spencer, general secretary of the Methodist
Church Society of Philadelphia, at the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Church. Miss Spencer
with several other iadies will -soil for ,I*j an on
the Bio Janicro next Thursday as missionaries
to the Orient. Tho party will arrive from
Philadelphia to-day.
PHILBROOK WILL FIGHT.
He Will Ask the Supreme Court for a
Rehearing in the Levinson Case.
Horace \V. Phil brook is not satisfied to
let the case of Ira P. Rankin as adminis
trator of the estate of JohnLevinson.de
ceased, against William J. Newman rest
upon the decision handed down by the
Supreme Court last Thursday. This was
the ca*e which led to the disbarment of
Mr. Phil brook. Yesterday Mr. PhilbrooK
said that he would very soon lite a peti
tion in the Supreme Court for a rehearing.
He said that he believed that he would be
able to show good and satisfactory grounds
j for granting his petition. At any rate, he
was going to make the attempt as soon as
he could do so.
Since the Supreme Court disposed of
i th ■ cisc Mr. Philbrook has been studying
I the two opinions that were filed. The
first of these was signed by Justices Gar
routte, McFarland and Van Fleet. The
; «econd was signed by Justices Beatty,
! Hensbaw and Temple. Mr. Philbrook be
; lieves that this was a mistake. The law
j makes it necessary for four Justices to
j concur. Mr. Philbrook claimed, :m d the
j record showed, that there were only three
signatures to either of the opinions handed
down. He has various grounds for
moving for a new hearing, but he declined
to mane these public yesterday.
LIVE HARES WERE SCARCE.
Tho Hnmane Directors Met
With a Ituther Sad Disappointment.
Directors Theodore Gruenhagen, Luman
Wadham, Max Stein, Martin Stevens and
H. E. Holmes of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals were early
callers yesterday morning at the Presidio
Athletic Grounds.
Tney had been Invited by the directors
of the ban Francisco Fox-terrier Coursing
Club, and it was proposed to illustrate to
them that the killing of hares by fox
terriers was by no meant cruel and surely
not so painful as the killing done by
honnds.
TLere was disappointment all round, as
the hares ordered by the ciub failed to
arrive until loug after the ueparture of
the guests.
In consequence there was no live game
coursing and the few hundreds of people
who assembled witnessed the running of
the stuffed har- pulled along at the end
of a cord and chased by the terriers.
'-* — ♦ — ♦ .
Back In the Pulpit
Rev. George Adams, tho new. pastor of the
First Congregational Church, , returned from
Washington last Saturday and resumed his
pastoral duties yesterday morning. His vaca
tion since October 2 has benefited the rever
end gentleman to no small extent. ".■-■.. . -.
"THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9, 1896.
TOM SHARKEY
HAS A MASCOT
It Is a Handsome Bull-
Terrier of an Affec
tionate Turn.
The "Sailor" Likes Htm Be
cause He Bites Wilhout
Making Noise.
HARD WORK AT THE BEACH.
A Chat With the Phenomenal Young
Fighter While Hs Rests on
Sunday.
Tom Sbarkey has a mascot. He de
j clared yesterday that he had great confi-
I dence in the efficacy ol this lucky com
panion, although ie is nothing more nor
' less than a handsome bull terrier with
i sleek white hair, a good-natured eye, but
, ! constructed on business lines. The dog
i is named Sharkey Junior and after his
i second day with the wonderful pugilist
j has become a constant and faithful fol
lower.
"He's a mascot," remarked Sharkey at
I the Ocean Beach pavilion. "He's my
best friend. Fitzs.mmons had a iion.
That's too common. I had a bear. That's
j too slow. This fellow is all right. A
white dog is safe to bet on."
Just then the ferocious, although most
docile, terrier started in to punch the bag
!in his own way by jumping up at the
i leather ball and vaiuly endeavoring to
! snap it in two.
"Come off thero !" Sharkey shouted.
But the mascot would not let go. '-He's
made of the right stuff," the fighter added,
"but I want him to obey me. Yesterday,
1 while I was punching the bag, he had me
by the leg before I knew he was near me.
You see he never barks— just goes to busi
ness and says nothine."
Sharkey unbuttoned his coat to give a
little exhibition of whirlwind tinting.
The bag seemed to be a!l over me plant nt
once. Arms and resolute lists and leather
ball were all mixed up, but the "sailor"
was awa)* from the tangle standing erect
except when he ducked occasionally. It
wa-j ereat sport for the mascot, which
emitted short, suppressed growls and
< snapped his teeth.
"Sow what do you think of my training
quarters?" asked Snarkey.
T;iey have been comfortably fitted up,
and the gymnasium has everything neces
sary for n man in training. In a long
room with windows on botii «ide* is where
Sharkey trains. At one end is a bath
room—to be used on wet days only — and
a punchir.g-bag. Then on tire walls are a
I wrist machine, a chest machine and de
| veloper, one of which consists of thick
i rubber cords that fly back when extended.
j The elasticity does half the work, and
Sharkey prefers the machine, which is of
j his own invention.
At the end nearest the ocean there i? a
I rubbing bench, with shelves of bottles
J and tables holding clubs and dumb-bells;
! aiso a leather bag, made according to
Sharkey's own ideas. This bag haa a
universal swivel connection tor the rope,
j which consequently does not twist, and
! still the rope is badly worn— a sure sun
1 of the hard time that ball of leather is
j having. When the "sailor" punches it
< the whole pavilion hums and people
\ downstairs say "That's Sharkey at the
j b;»g." Tho other sphere shows where it
j had been burst by Sharkey's terrible
blows.
"I had that bag made in Chicago," he
explained, "and it's the speediest and
biggest Dag I've seen. But I must get a
small one, the size of Fitz's head, so that
I can be accurate in hitting him. There's
my trunks." he said, picking up a littlo
bundle of green. "I fought thirty- three
battles in them," and the generous, good
humored smile of his spread over his
whole face.
"I haven't had a month's rest in three
yeari since I started fighting," he said.
"I have been training waile tuose other
people were haviug a trood time. When
I came here from the East I weighed 175
I pounds, but then I had kept up my train
ing all the time. Yesterday my Welch t
was 180' i. I'm not losing weight, but
then I was never in better condition in
my life. Every morning 1 get up at G and
take a bicycle spin. At fifteen minutes to
7 1 have breakfast, and at 8 I go for a run
to the end of Golden Gate Park at Baker
street and back, about ten miles. Then I
j have a swim in the ocean surf and a good
I rub-down, and at 12 1 take lunch. At 2:30
I start in work again and keep it up till
3:45, punching the tag aix rounds, boxing
wiiu Billy Smith four lounds and with
George All?n three rounds, swinging clubs
and working the machines. The dpy end*
with a swim and rub-down, and if I feel
like it a bicycle ride for ten miles before
or after supper, which I have at 6 o'clock.
I'm in bed at 8:30 every night. This morn
ing I ran fourteen miles dowu the beacu,
and took a swim in the surf and punched
the bag for ten minutes, but it bein Sun
day I rest for the remainder of ti>e day.
"I could not take a bath in fresh water
without catching cold, but I'm used to the
sen air and sea wat^r, and' l like to bo
alongside the sea. No matter how wet I
may be after a run 1 can go into the sea
and never take cold. I'm right at home
out here."
One of Sharkey's trainers was nursinc a
darkened eye, and the other a swollen
hand that was sprained on Sharkey's face.
They are pven more confident than Qb ar
key himself that he will put up a memor
able battle. He ordered a pair of cloves
yesterday from a San Francisco maker,
t*ho has instructions to make a pair that
will please Sharkey's lancy.
"THE GYPSY BARON."
A New Sunday Night Departure Made
by the Tivoli. and With
Success;
The Tivoli began a new departure last
night by opening on Sunday instead of
Monday. Despite the rain the house waa
full, and there is every reason to believe
that, from a business standpoint, the
change was a wise one.
The opera was Johann Strauss' "The
•Gypsy Baron," which lias not been heard
here for a couple of years. The scene of
the first two acts is laid in Hungary,
and the tuneful music is given
an added fascination by the intro
duction of a good many dashing
rhythmic Magyar strains. This charac
teristic mustc calls for a *:ood deal of brio
on tne part of the conductor and the per
formers, but the really strong light opera !
company which the Tivoli now possesses
proved itself quite equal to the demands of
"The Gypsy Baron," and the chorus did
such excellent work that it was repeatedly
encored.
Lilly Post, whose light was rather hid
den beneath a bushel in "The Babes in
the Wood," had an opportunity last night
of showing her fine resonant voice and
what good control she possesses over it.
She is a much better vocalist than many
of those who have been given to us in
grand opera and at hicher prices. Rhys'
Thomas sang and acted well as the Gypsy
Baron, and John J. Raffael's song was
one of the pleasantest numbers in the
opera.
Ferris Hartman, who is nothing if not
whimsically fantastic, chose to play his
role with a strong German accent, which
caught on immensely.
His song, "More As I Can Use," was
encored so often that he had to apologize
finally, for having run out of versps.
Bern ice Holmes' voice was scarcely ro
tund enough for the role of the old gypsy,
but her make up was effective and she
acted conscientiously. El via Crox Sea-
brooke was sprightly and clever as usual
and the minor parts wereweli tilled.
LOST THEIR TOFKNOTS.
Great Grief Amon? Koreans
Because of Unceremonious
In'ruders.
Bands of Outlaws Cause Danger to
Tray lers— A King's Predica
ment.
The Rev. A. F. Moore, a missionary of
the Presbyterian church, ior four years in
Seoul, Korea, arrived here on the steamer
Rio yesterday accompanied by his family,
and it at the Occidental. He says there is
great disquiet in Korea, and that bands of
dissatisfied natives of as many as 100 each
are going about the country robbing and
pillaging. Travelers are not safe.
King Vi, whose consort was mnrdered
over a year ngo, is still at the Russian
legation and largely under its control.
There is much dissatisfaction because of
this, A new palace is being built near the
legation f,or the King.
Some months ago the Japanesp, who
dictated the appointment of the Korean
cabinet, caused the Japanese police to cut
off the hair, or topknot, so called, of a
great many Koreans. The topknots are
a sign of distinction. They are worn only
by married men, and no man is supposed
to have properly asserted himself until he
is married and has a topknot.
The cutting off of these appendages
caused gn-at grief. There were man}' re
monstrances ann increased dissatisfaction.
However, things have so far improved
now that an edict has gone forth allowing
the Koreans to wear their topknots. The
consequence is that many whose hair was
cut oft had gone and collected it again and
fastened it on, co that their happiness has
been re-established.
The reverend gentleman says many of
the Koreans are embracing Christianity.
Mr. Moore will be here a few days and
then go on to Chicago, his former home.
A Theosoplilcal Lecture.
W. J. Walters, secretary of Golden Gate
Lodge, T. S., last evening delivered one of a
series of free lectures under the auspices of
that body. The subject was •'Alciiemy and
the Alcnemists." The speaker maintained
that all Binitor is one in substance ; the differ
ence in appearance biing due to ih-nikal
laws and molecular motion. The modern
science of chemistry has done much to formu
late these laws, and" whan it beotnes an exact
science will be able to reduce all niaUcr, not
only to component pans, but to primordial
substance. Mits Bertha Wudham nnd Count
Axel Wacatmeister were the musicians oi the
evening.
COLLIDED WITH
A BAY PORPOISE
Jack Caughlan's Attempt to
Swim Against a Heavy
Tide.
The Dolphin's Champion Swim
mer Tries to Lower
Cavill's Record.
WAS BAFFLED BY THE TIDE.
The Dolphin Club Turns Out With Its
Fair Lady Guests to Encourage
the Intrepid Athlete.
Jack Caughlan of the Dolphin Swim
ming and Boating Club would have sur
passed Cavill's feat in swimming across
the Golden Gate had the steam launch
that accompanied him not been delayed.
Had he started one half hc-ur earlier he
would have avoided the strong November
tide that was rushing like a millrace out
to sea.
It was his intention to begin his long
swim at 2 o'clock, but the launch that was
to land him at Lime Point was delayed
and it did not arrive there until 2:45.
His clubmates tried to dissuade him
from making the swim as the day was a
raw and misty one. A heavy fog obscured
their view of the fort and tbey were afraid
to let him risK it. But Caughlan would
not be dissuaded. He had set his mind on
equaling or surpassing Carvili's teat and
he said the day was as good as another.
Alter receiving a rub-down with witch
hazel, ana with the encouraging cheers of
his clubmates, he sprang into the chilling
sea at the same spot that Cavill left when
he made his memorable swim.
With a powerful side stroke he contin
ued his journey, heading in a straight
course toward the fort.
The only inconvenience he encountered
was the iish bei'ig carried out by the out
going tide colliding with him. A large
sized porpoise struck him, and became'so
frightened that it jumped nearly live feet
out of the water.
About two-thirds the distance he en
countered the swift tide, and those who
were on the steam launch could see him
exerting all his strength, but no living
man could withstand h current racing at
the rate of ten miles an hour, and he was
carried out for over a mile. He continued
his swimming, but seeing he could make
no headway against such a tide he con
cluded to give up his attempt for the time
being. He signaled to the Jaunch to be
picked np, but the ocrtipants were having
their hands full.
They had just struck the swift current
and despite their powerful engines they
made no headway and came near being
swamped. Putting on all force they
slowly worked their way to the plucky
swimmer and took him aboard.
On their home journey the tide was so
strong that they were only able to go a
quarter of a mile in a half an hour.
Caunhlan'a time for two-thirds the
distance was thirty-one minutes, and had
he started earlier he would have surpassed
Ciivill's time, as it took Cavill over an
hour to make the journey, and that was
made on a more favorable day.
Mr. L'aui>h!an, when seen after his long
swim, said he felt in no way tired, and
had the tide not been so swift would have
succeeded. It is his intention to try
a<:ain a week from next Sunday.
Mr. Caughlan is a graduate of the Uni
versity oi California, of the class of '90,
and played football on his class team.
He is an excellent oarsman and la
possessed of a magnificent physique. He
is twenty-live years of age and a native
son.
The Dolphins had two of their large
boats out, the Wieland and the Arion.
Both boats were crowded with the young
ladies of the club, and they did their
share in encouraging the hardy swimmer.
On board the Wieland were: E. P. Sul
livnn, K. Blennerhassett, T. K. Keenan,
C. M. Farrell, John Marron and Captain
W. O. Patch. On the Arion were: T.
Fitzpatrick, J. Campodonico, J. Caughlan,
G. K. Sullivan and V. Devlin. On the
luunch Ariel were Al Rouard, J. H. Wes
sels antl T. J. Kenny.
The boats were ably commanded by
Commodore J. C. McCarthy.
HANDBALL COURTS.
Several Interesting Games Played in
the Olympic Tournament and
Other Attractions.
The handball courts were crowded yes
terday and the games were of more than
usuai interest. At the San Francisco court
the attraction was a paine in which J. C.
Nealon and P. T. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, played against R. Linehan, the
overhand swiper, C. Bradley and E. Rob
inson. It was closely contested from start
to finish and Isealon and Donnelly won
the final by two nces. Another exciting
game way played, in which G. McDonald
and R. Shea defeated D. Rodgers and Phil
Ryan in a close finish.
The event of the day at the Union court
was a game in which R. Linehan and J.
Nealon played apainst J. Harlow and
Terry McManus, the heavy. weight cham
pion. The two latter were defeated in the
final by three aces. It was one of the
keenest contested games ever played in
the court. C. Bradley of the Occidental
court played a rattling irame against W.
Fnhey and won fhe final by two aces. The
two were very evenly matched.
Several frames were piayed yesterday in
the tournament at the Olympic court in
the first, seeonJ and third classes.
Following were the games played in the
courts yesterday :
San Franci c co court— G. McDonald and R.
Shea defeated D. Ro.igersand I*. Ryan, 21—14,
17—21. 21—18. J. White and Ed Curley de
feated J. Collins and M. McLaughlin, '.21—13,
15—21. 21—20. \Y. Hamilton and J. Hogan
delemed M. l'.as-h and M. McClure. 21—13,
14—21, 21—10. T. Sullivan and "Doc" Molloy
defeated J. O'Donnell and It. Shields,
21—14, 17—21, 21—19. J. Lawless and
D. Connelly defeated R. Murphy und
Ed Foy. 21 — 10, 14 — 21, 21 — 18.
J. McKvely and I J . HutcMnFon defeated J.
Slattery ami G. Huichinson, 21—13—12—21—
21 — 18. J. McN'amara and J. Bolster defeated
T. Morris and \V. Cumnjinjrs, 21—15—17—21 —
21—20. J. 0. Nealon and P.Donnelly, amateur
champions, defeated R. Linehan. C. Bradley
and E. Robinson. 21—14—17-21-21—19.
Union Court— O. Crean and \V. Casseny de
feated J. Haw Icy and M. Nttlly. 21—17, 1(5-21,
21—18. J. McGovem and S. Matisz deleated
M. B->hen and J. Mati«z. 21—15, 13-12, 21
-20. W. O. Shaughiusiy and T. Corridon de-
JeiUci T. O. Phauschnessy an.i T. Flyun,21 — lt>,
14— 31, 2i—lß. R. H. I'atierson and T. Hanney
ot San Jn.se defeuted P. Sull.van and w.
Denner, 21—18. 17—21, 21—20. J. O'Donnell
nnd \Y. Prince defented J. Collins and
J. White, 21-17. 10-21, 21—11.
W. P. Dorau and W. Heff. man defeated J.
])riscoll and C. Doran. 21— 1H, 17— 21, 31—16.
M. Bascb and J. Hogan defentoa C. Carson and
J.Mc.uff, 21-14. 12—21. Sl— B. C. Uradley
defeated \Y. Fahey. 20-21, 21—20. 21—19.
R. Lenihan and J. Noison defented J. Harlow
and Terry McManus, 18—21, 21—17, 21—21,
15—10,21—18.
I (Olympic Court: First class— T. F. Bonnet 51,
A. J". Harrison 51, C. T. Kreling 36, A. C.
Hampton 39, J. Morton 34. V. J. Newman 20.
Second class— G. James 51. J. Steven 51, H.
Coffin 33, J. A. Mallon 26. Third class— J. H.
Harbour 51, J. H. Bowman 51, F. Curlev 51 G
Bush 51. A. W. Taylor 35, N. Duggan 22, J P
Dufley 42, A. Uoffiuua 4.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
FLANNEL
DEPARTMENT!
ON SALE THIS~WEEK!
At 25c per Yard.
ISO pieces SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, full 30 inches in
width and in about 40 different patterns.
At 35c per Yard.
125 pieces FANCY SAXONY FLANNELS, new styles and
colorings.
At 50c per Yard.
100 pieces FRENCH PRINTED FLANNELS, new and ex-
clusive designs, in the very latest colorings.
At sOc per Yard.
35 pieces WHITE EMBROIDERED FLANNEL, 12 differ-
ent patterns.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
5000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY SILKS, differ-
ent designs and colorings,
Price, 25c per Yard.
TELEPHONE OK,-A.NT 124.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
If - there's anything new
under the sun (to eat) we're j
pretty likely to have it, es-
pecially just now, ' as , novel-
ties and imported table deli- 1
cacies are coming in every
day. .
SPECIAL SAVINS SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Tomato catsup pint 15c
Tomato catsup, sweet, pt. 15c
regularly 20c. Our bottling.
Best we can buy very tine.
Excelsior baking powder
lb. 30c
5-lb. tin $1.25
regularly 45c.
We make it for our fine trade and
sell stacks of it; must be good —
■ . it is. ;¥* C V
Italian vermouth bot. 50c
reeularly 60c.
French peas
D & G petit pois, surfin, reg. 20c
■ . . tin 15c
D& G petit pois, extran'n, re 25c I
tin 20c
They have the real fresh pea flavor.
Preserved figs dozen $1.10
tin 10c
• regularly 12J,£c, individual size,
preserved in syrup; as delightful
as healthful.
■■■; ;•-.-
Olives 28 ounce bot. 30c
. regularly 40c.
, Medium sized, perfect, good flavor.
Pecans
; . Mammoth, * Louisiana, regularly
• 35c; ;; '/ , / lb. 25c
lar»e, Texas, reg. 20c { lb. 15c
One of the sweetest of nuts, .and-
this is the time of for them too. '
Sweet sauterne,
. made in California from grapes of
, ' French type. "
regularly quarts $5 dozen $4.00
New goods arrived : .
taro flour (5-lb sk 75c.) Smyrna rises *
Holland cucumbers'. ■ p <'serveu Ringer
 ", .;. .■■ ■ each : aipetiisild •
Imported . Dehesa . ral-. Ca ifornla crystallized
sins .:■- . . fru . :
imported quenelles ■ . anchovies in k<-g9, 3 sizes
drench meat save) Barbarosse herring* •..
I preserved Turkish ros. s (.icrman potatoes • (for
iuif"i-:i il fig paste ' -salad) .■■ -.. r ■.
Scandinavian sardellen German nudeln (3 sizes)
German pearl onions " ■ - * alilornia cluster raisins
bromatiß.'lo > (jelly in Italian chestnuts -'
> powder form) smoiced eels ■ :..
'Ferris Uarug . Beaded ." raisins in 1-lb
neu nausea *- canons ~ • : ■• •
C)ldberg. Bonen & On.'s Special — Continued.
i club house cheesa California pickled
; Jordan almonds 50c lb. peaches \
Oregon prunes .. . , Imported dill pickles \
smoKed halibut impure 1 snuerkraut v
cor lonzola. cheese marlnir.e sprats J
CHmMiil)rt cheese sulinna raisins I
de.icatesse anchovies home-made mince moat
(In kegs an I balk) French g.'ace fruits
French cheese in wood cobble-stones
line fat mackerel • (German honey cake)
(this year s catch) comb and strained honey
Most of these things can't
be found in ordinary stores,
and we invite you to call in
to look at them anyway; we
won't urge you to buy.
Catalogue free. Mail or-
ders have especial attention.
Most of our mail orders are
! from folks who've tried it
before. ,
432 Pine Telephone Main l
! 215 Staler « . Main in
2800 California ** West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland « Main l
- . t i -
( r
'Signature Is printed In t^H
BLUE diagonally % fir
across the^ >""v  -t/V /
OUTSIDE M \/^\x->
1/j / of every v
ij / bottle of J
• > -. : / (the Original '
li \ kj» / and Genuine)
t 1 1 11/ \^f (^Worcestershire
SAUCE
A3 a further protection against
all imitations.
I , f Agents for the United Stats* x
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.'
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladi S'rHE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OI'JJN LMIL UIOHItiUT.
cosaior»oijiTA.isr.
Opposite U. S. Mint. 100 ana 102 fifth St., Mm i
Francisco, Cat.— The most select Jamil v hotel In K-
the city. Board and room $1, »1 25 and $1 50 psc Vt'
day, according to room. Meals 25c. . lioomj sl)j \J^
anil 75c a day. /Free coach to and from the bo:eu jP>
I lxx>K for the coach bearing th« name of the Uott> f
j moDOliwu Howl WM. k'AUiiV, lTopnetor.^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHARLKS H. PniLLTl»s.- \TrORVJfV *tv
\J law and Notary Public. 638 Mar Ret sf" omio.
.Ite Palace Uotet. Telephone 570. ltcSdea C i?w3