VOLUME LXXXL-SO. 22.
REGULAR PASSENGER SERVICE
BEGUN ON THE VALLEY ROAD
Orders to This Effect Issued Yesterday by Traffic
Manager John Moss of the People's
Competing Line.
BIG CUT IN TRAVELERS'
RATES
Fares Charged by the Southern
Pacific Railroad Split in
Half.
HIGH - CLASS SERVICE AND
ACCOMMODATIONS.
Every Indication that a Large Pro
portion of Business Will Go
to the New Lina.
By the official action of tbe San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad yes
terday tne entire San Joaquin Valley from
Stockton to Fresno has been forever freed
from tbe oppression and exactions of the
Southern Pacific Company. Tbe last
shackle was shattered by forma. ly opening
the Valley road for passenger business,
and this important step was taken with
the same unostentatious action that has
characterized nearly every stage of prog
ress made by the road.
What the advent of this enterprise means
to the people of the territory through
which it passes cannot be more eloquently
or graphically told than in the terse state
ment that for shippers it has reduced
freight rates SS}j per cent, and for trav
elers it has now cut fares to just one-half
of what they had hith erto been compelled
to pay.
Traffic Manager John Moss of the San
Francisco and San Josquin Railroad yes
lerday issued orders for the continuation
of the present passenger service uutil fur
ther notice.
This , means that the popular Valley
road is now in the field as a fall-fledged
competitor of the Southern Pacific in the
territory through which the new road |
ccerif*. viz,, .. between this City and I
' Fresno.
Between Stockton and Merced the new j
line parallels and runs between the main i
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad and i
[ its Copperopolis or east-side branch, while
from Merced to Fresno the Valley road
runs but a fey miles to the eastward of its
rival.
As the difference in the passenger rates
of the two lines is on an average about $2
in favor of the Valley road, there is no
doubt most intending travelers will give
the preference to the new road, even if
they drive a few miles further to reach its
stations. •-l-%:
A comparison of the passenger fare
schedule issued by the Valley road yester
day with the existing tctiecuile of tbe main
line of the Southern Pacific Railroad to
competing points, show that the latter'
rates have been on an average cat in half.
The two schedules follow:
Valley Road. southern Pacific.
1 • ' San Francisco San Francisco
to to . .
KnrnhHtn $0 50 I.athrop 92 50
Escalon 80lK!pon. 2 86
Harro.d 90
t lanston 1 03 Modes* o 3 10
Km ire 1 15 Wat -rford 4 25
HiUhsn 1 .0 Ceres. 3 25
Kin-wood 1 40 Turlcck. 3 50
Urac« 1 951Buhach. 4-25
Merced 2 15 Merced. 4 25
Turner. 2 30
Geneva. 2 40Ltngard 4 55
Burcbell 2 sl»j ,
Grand. 2 55! Athlon* 4 55
Msr.'iierite. 2 75 Mintnrn 4 75
.Laiiztnour. 2 *5j. .......
btaaron 2 90i
Mill-r 3 05 B«?rentla. 6 00
I.anlcer.-ihim.. * 8 2U! jladera. 5 25
Patterson....'. 3 -JO
Bullard 8 65
Fresno. 3 75 1 Fresno 5 90
The rates here quoted of the Southern
Pacific are those charged on the main
line. On tbe Copperopolis branch, with
which the Valley road is also in competi
tion as far south as Merced, the rates are
much higher.
So far as service- is concerned, the Val
ley road's equipment is of the most
modern kind,, which means that every
cons deration has Deen paid to the com
fort and convenience of passengers in the
construction of the coaches. The experi
ence of the past week, during whien ex
cursion trains have been run to the
Fresno citrus fair, has demonstrated that
the roadbed is in excellent condition and
the connection arrangements at Stockton
work in a most satisfactory manner. The
regular time schedule between Stockton
and Fresno will be the . same as that in
use in running the excursion trains. It is
as follows:
Southbound. Stations. Northbound.
A M P. M. I
" : -0 Stockton, Weber avenue. 5:40
7:80 Stockton. Hunter street..... 6:30
' '■}& f Bum nam 6:12
fXi Escalon ......4:61
8:15 f i, ariold 4:45
8-30.... Clauston." ..........4:31
i' 37 f Kmplre ........"••4:23
B ; *s Uug.ison. ..4:j6
**:59 Elmwood -»:0S
9 ; 3* f <;raoey .3:26
,?, : *?. Merced 3:14
}?:'« • * Turner. 3:00
10:08 t Geneva . 2:53
}U;jg £* Grand......... '.'... 2:40
]'' °° Marguerite 2:27
:4 * Sharon ;..... ....2:1«
>"!" • » -Miller 2:08
\]^l Lanker5h1m. ........;...... 1:55
}}-£° ' Patterson 1:42
i\ : il * ••••...f iSuliard .....1:25
I V^ponii-on!a Keraßtreet ---- 1:1
■ : At this end passengers will take the
boat at 6 p. m. and arrive at Stockton in
the morning after a good night 1 * rest on
the well-equipped and comfortably fur
t nished boats ot the California Navigation
, and Improvement Company. Fresno will
be reached about noon. On the trip north
ward the train will leave Fresno shortly
after the lunch hour, ana arrive at Stock
ton in the evening, so as to make a close
connection with the steamer for San Fran
cisco, which leaves at 6 o'clocK and
arrives in San Francisco early the next
morning,
Thus passerjgers will lose but half a day
The San Francisco Call.
in making the journey either way. On
the Southern Pacific the trains are now
run so as to necessitate either tbe loss
of an entire day or the uncomfortable
experience of arriving at or departing
irom Fresno in the small hours of the
morning.
As the California Navigation and Im
provement Company's rate between San
P"rancisco and Stockton is higher on Sun
day than on weekdays the through rate
to any point beyond Stockton on tne Val
ley road will be 50 cents additional to
those quoted in tbe foregoing schedule on
that day.
The plans are now nearly completed for
a fast passenger boat to ply between
San Francisco and Stockton in connection
with the Valley road. The California
Navigation and Improvement Company
expect to have her ready for service In
July. She will be finished in the highest
style of modern passenger steamers and
will have a speed of about twenty knots,
so that she will be able to make the trip
from Stockton to this City in about four
hours and the return trip against the cur
rent of the river in four and a half hours.
NEW ENGLAND SOCIETY DINNER.
Genera/ Miles Telia of the Patriotism of
the Army and Seretary Herbert
Speaks About the Navy.
NEW YORK, K. V., Dec. 22.— The New
England Society of the City of New York
celebrated the ninety-first anniversary of
its organization and the two hundred and
seventy-sixth of the landing of the Pil
grims by a big dinner at the Waldorf. A
feature of the occasion was the costume of
the waiters, who were got up as New
England farm laborers and wore blue
striped shirts, blue jeans trousers anu
straw hats.
Among the list of toasts were the fol
lowing: "Forefathers' Day." E. J. Phelp?,
er-Minister to England ; "Our Debt to the
Pilgrim Fathers." the Rev. Dr. Minot J.
Savage; "New England Literature,"
Hamilton W. Mahie; "The Results of
Puritan Influence," General Horace Por
ter; "The Navy," Hilary A. Herbert,
S cretary of the Navy; "The Army,"
General Nelson A. Miles.
The attendance was the largest in the
history of the society. Among those
present besides those mentioned were:
Horace Rnsseil, Stewart \+ W^adford,
Elihu Root. J. Pierpont Morgan, General
Thomas Ruger, Commodore Mouteomery
Sicard, Hon. Chares A. Danr., Cornelius
N. Bliss, C. P. Huntincton, Arthur F.
Bowers and ex-Governor Roswell P.
Flower.
General Miles in his speech reviewed
the history of tbe army, and, com
ing down to modern times, said: "In
this enlightened age. with greater prog
ress being made in tbe appliances of war
and the effective use of modern inven
tions by every nation on earth, it i!l be
comes the American people to sleep the
sleep of apathy or dream the dream of
victory ana unwarranted confidence, un
consciously disregar ling all ttie lessons of
history. Oar army springs from the fire
sides of our people. No rran can be a
perfect soldier without tirst being a good
citizen.
'"He must be prompted by the loftiest
purposes to defend his life, the welfare of
his people and the interests of his Govern
ment. We have a body of men who are brave
enough to meet in tbe defense of their
Government the destructive engines of
war now used by every civilized nation,
who are patriotic enough to risk their
lives in the defense of their country's
flair, the welfare of their people and the
maintenance of institutions we inherited
from our fathers. Our army is one grand
school of patriotism, where the best
thought, the best principles and the best
purposes of our young men find a conge
nial atmosphere."
Secretary Herbert said in his speech:
"When eleven years ago I was put in
charge of the Naval Committee of tbe
House ot Representatives I knew little or
nothing about the subject, but the time
had come to build a new navy, and there
was a reason why 1 especially desired to
go on that committee. I was aa ex-Con
federate soldier and felt that in helping to
rebuild the navy, which represented the
majesty and power of the United States as
one country, I might also help in the good
work of reuniting the two sections. No
one can tell to what extent, if any, the
votes of Southern men for the navy
have contributed. Our Civil War stands
out in the past as an unrivaled testimonial
of American courage. "
Mr. Herbert went on to tell of the
building up of the new navy and con
tracted it with the navy at the command
of the descendants of the Pilgrim fathers
in 1812.
CAUSED BY A MISPRACAD SWITCH
Fatal Wreck on the « hicttgo and Horth
we*Urn Railroad
DES MOINES, lowa, Dec. 22.— A fatal
wreck occurred on the Cbicago and North
western Railroad at Ontario this forenoon.
A misplaced switch ran a freight train on
a sidetrack and into some boxcars stand
ing there. The train was completely
wrecked and the property loss will be
large. Fireman James Tracey of Clinton
was instantly killed and Engineer An
drew Sill injured so that he will probably
die. Trains were delayed several hours.
Ii is believed the switch was misplaced
with malicious intent and an investigation
is being made.
Say i Olneif f« ll rang.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Dec. 22.— Ex-
Secretary of the Navy Thompson, in an
interview to-day, says Secretary Olney is
wrong when he asserts that the President
still has the power to act diplomatically
or otherwise as he pleases after the pass
age by Congress of his veto of the resolu
tion recognizing Cuba. Ex- Secretary
Thompson says, however, that so far as
he can learn there is no independent gov
ernment in Cuba which this country can
recognize. He hopes tbe Cubans will es
tablish a Government and be free.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, DECEMBER f?3, 1896.
PRESIDENT CLAUS SPRECKELS of, the Valley Road Gratified
That All Promises to the People Have Been Fulfilled
In the formal opening of the San Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railroad to
passenger 'business, we have fulfilled to the letter our promise to the people. Our road
is now a direct and fully equipped competitor of the old monopoly from San Francisco
to Fresno, and as soon as we get right of way through Hanford and Visalia we stand
ready to at once commence building from Fresno to Bakersfield. If there is no unex
pected obstacle placed in our way we will have the line into Bakersfield by May. The
only delay now is caused by a few people who stand in the way of our securing the
right of way.
I have already given orders that as soon as the right of way is settled the work
of construction should immediately begin toward Bakersfield. We shall also come to
San Francisco as soon as the Bakersfield extension is completed. The people need have
no fear on this point. The way into San Francisco is open to us by more than one
route, and there is nothing that can preve-nt our entrance, though the route will be a
surprise to many people.
There will be no trouble about finances. We have money enough at our com
mand to go right ahead building the road whether we dispose of bonds or not. The
road is already making money, and there are now funds in the treasury. We are not,
of course, making much money, but there has been a fair profit every month since the
road was first put into operation, and we are fully satisfied with results thus far. There
are many enterprises in which a return of 6 per cent could be made on capital invested,
but I prefer this project, as it will tend to develop the State to an extent greater than
anything else that could be done by. public or private enterprise.
I have no doubt that when the roadbed is properly ballasted there will be no
trouble at all in running trains at the rate of sixty miles an hour. It is one of the
finest roads ever built, as all the material and trimmings are of the best and latest
make. «
It now remains with the people to decide whether the road shall be the fullest
kind of a success, and from what has already transpired I have every confidence that
we have now and shall always continue to have the support of the people. They, as
we, lam sure, fully realize that their interests and 'ours are one. The greater the
patronage extended to us the lower will be our rates, for we are pledged, as they know,
not to charge more than will return 6 per cent on the money invested in the road.
ANARCHISTS ARE SHOT DOWN.
They Would Not Disperse and So the
Spanish Gendarmes Fired a Volley,
Killing Seven of Them.
MADRID, Spain, Dec. 22.— A small band
of men carrying a Republican flag as
sembled to-day at Novelda, Province of
Alicante, and when called upon to dis
perse by the gendarmes refused to do so.
They were again ordered to disperse and
upon their second refusal the gendarmes
fired upon them, killing seven of them.
The others then fled precipitately, but the
gendarmes pursued and captured several
of them. A search was made of the lodg
ings of the prisoners and a number of
dynamite bombs were found. The police
are at a loss to decide whether tbe assem
blage of the men was for the purpose of
making a demonstration of sympathy for
the anarchists sentenced Saturday at Bar
celona or whether it was a manifestation
of Republicans. The finding of the bomb.
tends to make them believe the men were
anarchists.
til ri in by Gr*elt Inturqentt.
ATHENS, Greece, Dec. 22.- A news
paper here says that on Sunday a number
of Greek insurgents of Prophet Eiias in
the Olympus district attacked 800 Turkish
troops wno were escorting eight judicial
officials. All of the latter and twenty-four
of the soldiers were shot. It i 3 stated
that the insurgents lost four killed. The
Olympus district is a mountain ran^e on
the border of Macedonia, which belongs
to Turkey.
BROWNJOHN PROTESTED IN VAIN.
Objected to Temple Becoming Archbishop
of Canterbury Because He Be
lieves in Evo ut.'on.
LONDON, Eng., Dec. 22.— The confirma
tion of the Riijht Honorable and Most
Reverend Freder ck Temple as Archbishop
of Canterbury and Primate of All Eng and,
in succession to the late Most Reverend
Edward White-Benson, took place in the
Church of St. Mary Lebow in London to
day. The Most Reverend William Dal
rymple Mac Lagan, Archbishop of York,
officiated at the ceremony.
At the beginning of the ceremonies the
Rev. Edward Brownjohn startled those
present oy rising from his s<?at and thrice
protesting against the confirmation of the
newly appointed Archbishop on the ground
that be held to the doctrine of evolution.
Tbe action of Mr. Brownjohn oieated a
great sensation, and when the congrega
tion assembled bad recovered somewhat
from their astonishment many persons
stood npon their seats and hooted and
groaned at the protesting clergyman for
some time. When order was restored
Archbishop Mac Lagan refused to entertain
the protest, whereupon Mr. Brownjohn
left the church amid the groans of the
audience. The excitement then subsided
and the services proceeded.
RELEASE OF ARMENIANS
Four' Thousand Frit oner* Man Be Bet
at Liberty.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22.— A special
cable to the Herald from Constantinople
says: The large measure of clemency on
the part of the Sultan toward Armenian?
recently referred to will probably bring
about the release of 4000 prisoners and tbe
remittance of all sentences of death. This
has been promised to Patriarch Orma
nian, but it needs ratification.
At a council of .Minis ers at the request
of Mr Terrell, the United States Min
ister, Hatoum Ardourian, who was im
prisoned at Trebizond, has been released.
Nine individuals who were arrested at
Aleppo have also been set at liberty, the
release of these prisoners having been
promised to Mr. Terrell by the Sultan.
Death of an I.l* •triei.tn.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22.— H. L.
Lufkin, the manager of the Crocker-
Wheeler Electric Company and a well
known electrician, is dead. He returned
a few weds ago from a Western business
trip and was taken ill a few days after
ward. He underwent an operation for ap
pendicitis, but did not recover.
CONGRESSMEN DIFFER WITH
SECRETARY OF STATE OLNEY
They Do Not Believe That the President Has the Sole
Right to Recognize the
Cubans.
WILL BELLIGERENCY BE
ACCORDED?
While the Question Is Debated
Citizens Demand Freedom
ior the Patriots.
3ENERAL MACEO'S DEATH NOW
SEEMS CONFIRMED.
Bat the Insurgents Are Not Dismayed
and Straggle Bravely Against
the Spaniards.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22. -
Though the Congressional debates have
not been forthcoming to stimulate the
interest brought out by the latest phases
of the Cuban situation, the manifestations
of feeling on that topic have not lessened.
The position assumed by Secretary Olney
has been the main feature of discussion in
private and public, and, co far as the
opinions of members of Congress go in the
matter, it is apparent that the burden of
general declarations is antagonistic to the
views declared by the Secretary of State.
At the same time it is felt that the many
instances wherein distinguished gentle
men, prominent in public life, in interna
tional law scholarships and in business,
have given open expressions of views,
fully indorsing the position of the ad
ministration on the Cuban situation, have
not been without a tendency to sensibly
temper what some regard a too hastily
formed judgment as to the immediate
necessity of ignoring Mr. Olney's views.
In all the discussions held by Morgan
of the Committee on Foreign Relations,
he has taken no backward step from his
original position that Oiney's attitude is
beyond all proper precedent and an asser
tion of power for the executive that has
never been delegated to that branch of the
Government by any decision of the Su
preme Court.
Sherman, the chairman of tbe Foreign
Affairs Committee, holds as well that the
position of Olney in the present particular
is untenable under the constitution.
Morgan says that if the President can
recognize the Cuban republic independ
ently of Congress, h« can displace Mr. de
Lome of bis rights to represent the Span
ish monarchy here. New England Con
gressmen, with Oiily perhaps one or two
exceptions, notably Chandler, who vigor
ously adheres to his heretofore expressed
opinion that it would be preposterous for
an executive to notify Spain not to expect
until the new administration comes into
power any action on the Cuban question,
are disposed to be more conservative.
Senator Hawley of Connecticut does
not hesitate to say point blank that he
disapproves of the Cuban resolutions.
The two Maine Senators differ, though
very sligbtly, in respect to the Olney res
olution. Senator Hale does not doubt the
correctness of the stand taken by the
Secretary of State, and his colleague, Frye,
who Is a member of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, while he he* been in
clined to tbink Olney is right, has not
freely determined what the effect would
be if the Cameron resolution should pass.
A sentiment that has considerable stand
ing upon Western Representatives is ex
plained by the declaration of Senator Mc-
Millan oi Michigan, who tninks the posi
tion taken by the President and theJCabi
net on the Cuban question is a proper one.
The Secretary of State himself is not
content to rest quietly in the fuce of re
peated dissent to his statements. He
has not been slow to refer to the position
of Senator Morgan as a clearly inconsis
tent one, and referring to-day to the
answer made by Morgan in the Senate
yesterday to a question by Senator Hill
that it was preposterous to question the
right of Congress to recognize the inde
pendence of Cuba. Morgan took an al
most entirely different view last February,
when the concurrent resolution express
ing the sympathy of Congress for the in
surgents and urging the President to use
bis good offices with Spain to brine about
a termination of the struggle on the island
was in discussion in the Senate. His re
marks on ihac occasion have a direct bear
ing upon the issue raised by the Secretary
of State. According to Secretary Olney
tbe Senator from Alabama at that time
coincided with the position now assumed
by the executive.
BURIED IN A CANE FIELD.
Where Maceo' f Bod-/ Wat Placed After
Hit Murder.
NEW YORK. N. V., Dec. 22.—Presi
dent Tomas Estrada Palma of the Cuban
Junta yesterday received a letter from J.
A. Huan, the Jacksonville agent of the
Cuban republic, stating that there need
not now be the slightest doubt that Gen
eral Antonio Maceo was killed. He said
he had made a careful investigation of
the reports through persons stationed at
Havana, and that the result was a confir
mation that Maceo fell and was buried in
a cane field. The location of tbe grave is
known only to those who conducted the
burial.
BUTCHERIES ARE INGREANED
But the Insurgents Seem to 'Be ■ Over com -
ing ■> II Obntaelea.
NEW YORK, N. Dec. 22. -The Sun's
Havana correspondent, .writing under date
of December 19, says: Since.' the death of
General Maceo the war has been waged
more ~ hotly than ever. . Far from losing
their enthusiasm, . as the Spaniards ■ be
lieved they would do, the insurgents in
the f. provinces of Havana, : Matanz3S and
Pinar i del 5 ; Rio : ■'■ are fighting desperately.
The only person who has surrendered as a
result of Maceo'a death is Dr. Maximo
Zertucha, who is accused by Cubans of i
PRICE FIVE C^^TS*
being a traitor. This is doubtless very dis
appointing to General Weyler.
Every night the volleys from the insur
gent vanguard are heard in the suburbs
of Havana and in the neighboring town
of Guanatacea. Advices from Matanzaa
say that the same thing is happening in
that city.
The orders issued by General Weyler to
his colonels are more sanguinary than
they were two months ago. No mercy is
to be given to any peasant found outside
the Spanish strongholds. The orders
given to the columns are to shoot on the
spot every native who does not join tne
Spanish army. In Pinar del Rio the
massacre is awful. The column of Mpl
guizo especially is distinguishing itself by
its barbarous warfare, for it is even de
stroying the hospitals and killing the sick
and wounded.
General Ruis Riveria, Maceo's successor
in Pinar del Rio, is strongly fortified in the
mountains. He and some 2000 men are to
the north of the trocha,. near Mariel,
where it is supposed that Maceo passed.
He carries with him the dynamite cannon
which he landed when he came with the
expedition of tbe Three Friends. There
is nothing positive known about General
Gomez. The rumor prevails in Havana,
however, that he is on the boundary ot the
province of Matanzas.
The excitement against tbe United States
is rapidly "rowing. News was received
this morning through the correspondents
in New York of La Tucha and Diario de
Marina of the adoption by the Committee
on Foreign Relations of tbe Senate ot the
Cameron resolutions. But the press cen
sor did not allow the cable dispatches even
to be delivered to the editors of those
papers.
Notwithstanding this precaution, the
news has spread throughout the city aug
menting the excitement of tho Spaniards.
It is said that General Weyler has sum
moned the governors of the forts of La
Cabana and Morro to receive exact infor
mation of the conditions of those forts
and their ability to resist in case of an
attack by a foreign navy. The new forts
along the line of the Vendido have been
re-enforced.
The case of the young American, George
Laj*, is attracting much attention. He is
imprisoned in the fortress of La Cabana
! because his name appeared in a list of
' contributors to buy a new sofa and some
! other furniture for the main hall of the
' Cuban society, E! Liceo of Regia.
The police declare that they have dis
covered that the Liceo was the rendezvous
of conspirators, but no evidence against
Mr. Lay has been fonnd. Notwithstand
ing this fact he is kept in prison, and
there is no telling when his trial wili
occur.
The financial situation of the island is
desperate. Poverty prevails in Havana
among families who were rich before the
war. The commercial element is very
much disgusted, therefore, with Weyler's
decree, increasing 5 per cent tbe import
duties in the Custom-house from January
1 next. The decree makes it practically
impossible for some houses to continue
business. Orders sent to Europ- have been
canceled, and it is estimated that more
than twenty firms will close business on
that date.
JULIO SANGILLE`S TRIAL.
The Spanish Protecutor In*i<t* That the
Acc.uned ft* < onriet'ft.
HAVANA, Ctba, Dec. 22.— The trial of
Julio Sanguilly on a charge of conspiring
against Spanish authority, was continued
to-day. The attendance was smaller than
yesterday, when the trial commenced, but
there were enough spectators present to
fiil the courtroom. The sitting was de
voted entirely to the speeches of the pros
ecuting attorney and counsel for the de
fense. The former continued the argument
against the prisoner whicb he opened yes
terday, and again insisted that Sanguilly's
guilt had been proved and that he should
be sentenced to life imprisonment. He
decried any par iality beiiig shown tho
prisoner on account of his being a Span
iard by birth or because he was an Ameri
can citizen, and held that exact justice
demanded that severe punishment be
meted out to him.
Counsel for the defense followed the
prosecutor. In a cool and reasonable
speech he refuted tbe charges made against
his client and demanded that be be set at
liberty. Before the speecn bad been con
cluded the court adjourned until to-mor
row.
BEFORE SPAIN`S CABINET.
Cleveland-'* JBrsaage I)i*cu***d and fci-
ferred to the Cortet.
LONDON, Eno., Dec. 22.— A dispatch to
tbe Central News from Madrid says that a
meeting ot the Cabinet which wa3 held to
day disenssed the Cuban section of Presi
dent Cleveland's message to Congress, an
official copy of the message having been
received by Prime Minister Canovas del
NEW TO-DAY.
%v *«--v **^f
Q)ristmas
ew^ (Silfe
MROCKER'S
227 POST 5t
. 21/ BUSH ST.2
Castillo a short time ago. The matter
was considered in all its aspects and it
was finally agreed that as the references
to Cuba in the message affected the Cortes
they must be read before that body. Th«
Cortes' is not in session now, and unless
an extraordinary session is called it will
not meet for some weeks. The Cabinet
arrived at no decision as to when the mes
sage should be reted.
Admiral Beranger, Minister of Marine,
submitted requests for money for the pur
chase of coal and for other naval pur
poses, and these were granted.
NEBRASKASS ARE AROUSED
3hey Protest Against Spain's Fiendish
Warfare in Cuba.
LINCOLN, Nkbr., Dec 22.— Governor
Holcomb was unable to be present at the
Cuban mass-meeting held to-night, but
sent an extended letter expressing sym
pathy with the movement and bis hearty
approval of the agitation in Congress and
elsewhere looking to the relief from Span
ish oppression of the inhabitants of the
island. The meeting was largely attended
and intense earnestness was manifested.
At the close of a number of speeches, the
most extended of which was delivered by
Captain L. W. Billingsley, a Federal offi
cial, resolutions were adopted which de
clare in effect tbat the toleration of pillage,
devastation and butchery perpetrated by
the Spanish army against innocent non
combatants, under the guise of warfare,
almost within view of the shores of a
great republic, without efforts to termi
nate tbe same, is a matter of deepest hu
miliation to people who love liberty and
justice.
The alleged assassination of General
Maceo is declared a crime on a level with
those of savages beyond tbe pale of civili
sation, and the "conservative and repres
sive policy which permits an oppressor to
equip his armies on our shores and denies
that right to the oppressed is to be con
demned. 1 '
In conclusion the resolutions urge Ne
braska representatives in Congress to use
their influence and votes for the according
of belligerent rights to the Cubans.
ATTACK A SPANISH CONSULATE
Cuban Sympathizers in a Mexican Town
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 22.— The Cuban
war fever is at a strong pitch in s?v ral
parts of Mexico. That republic, not less
than the free man of the United States, is
in strong sympathy with the lighters for
liberty on the island. On account of the
laree number of Spaniards in Mexico and
the antipathy in which they are held the
feeling runs much higher than iv the
United States. The Mexicans hate their
cousins across the watercordially. In the
City of Mexico there have been more than
a dozen personal encounters between
prominent men on account of the Cuban
question, and in the city of San Luis
Potosi the feeling runs so high that serious
trouble is threatened.
Last Wednesday ni^ht a mob gathered
in that city inflamed by a circular said to
have been written by a Spaniard, defam
ing Mexicans and Mexican institutions,
especially in reference to the part taken in
sympathy with the Cubans.
The circular precipitated a small riot.
The crowd gathered early in the evening,
constantly growing in number, until at
10 o'clock it had reached the proportions
of a mob that swept everything before it.
The mob gathered in front of tbe Spanish
Consulate and threatened to deiuoii-h the
•tructure, but was finally controlled by
one or two cooler heads. Banners in
scribed with huge red letters were flaunted
before the Consulate, and violent talk and
insults were bandied. The Spanish Consul
was in great peril, and appealed to the
authorities to protect him.
The mob finally left, after severe meas
ures had been taken by the police, and
plans were hurriedly made to disperse
any subsequent gathering. The Spanish
Consul officially remonstrated with the
Governor of the State, General Dlez
Gutierrez, against the hostile demonstra
tion. The National Government is fearful
of an outbreak that will assume danger
ous proportions.
COLONEL CESPEDES RETURNS.
Although Still on Crutches He Will Re
sume the 'Battle for Jtreedom.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22,— Among
the passengers who arrived from Kings
ton were Enrique C^ spedes of the Cuban
army, who was wounded in battle last
summer and succeeded in getting through
the Spanish Hues, Rrriving in New York
from Nassau. In November he weut to
Jamaica to restore his health. Learning
of Maceo's death he returned to New York
in order to make his way back to the
Cuban army. The colonel still uses
crutches, but hopes to discard them shortly
and again participate actively azainst the
Spaniards. ____________
Robbrd 1- nrmcr Employers.
CHATTANOOGA, hn., Dec. 22. —
Benjamin F. RaEsdale, until recently as
sistant ticket agent in the local office of
the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis
Railroad, who resigned ostensibly to ac
cept a better position in Boise City. Idaho,
Las been arrested in BoNe City on a
charge of robbing his former employers.
<'"_ SEW TO-DAY
m«Ss w Jam Eta A ~ B^fe^h H -C« A6a
"APENTA n
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER.
Bottled at the UJ HUNYADI Springs, Buda Pert, Hungary,
Under tlie absolute control of the Royal Hungarian Chemical Institute
(Ministry of Agriculture), Buda Pest.
■'■■■' "We know of no Spring which shows so great richness in Mineral ■ Salts, or whidj
combines such advantage?, as this water.
"Professor Dr. R. C. Tichborn, LL.D., F.C.S., F.I.C, Dublin."
' '• ■ : - . ; ,■ ,
"■- ': J ''■*■"•' 't ' '
** This Water is richer in Mineral Salts than V dj // _
all Continental Bitter Waters, and its efficacy is so / /J^ * **4yO*n*'Mef
great that even the smallest dose secures the \(/ ' ' ■,^ r " ' — —J&."^
best results/^ $ ]' ) C^\ . \ ~T m \
, : Sworn Chemist in Buda Fat%
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle,
'fiF, ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Full Analysis and additional Testimony and . Information supplied
by CHS. GRAEF & CO., 32, Beaver Street, New York, Sole Agents
_ of ! *; . .:'■ - . ' ; .:■. yr;;
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The Apollinaris Company. Limited. •
EMPLOYED at the City and County Hospital,. California
Women's Hospital, German Hospital, St. Luke's Hospital, etc., and
at the LEADING HOSPITALS OF ENGLAND.. : ":/ -
AFTER FOUR DAYS
OF CONSIDERATION
Legislative, Executive and
Judicial Appropriation
Bill Passed.
Some Members of the House
Make a Vigorous Assault
on the Civil Service.
President Cleveland's Action in Ex*
tending the Scope Meets With
Severe Criticism.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dee. 22.— At 3:40
this afternoon the House adjourned for
the holiday recess, having then disposed
of the legislative, executive and judicial
appropriation bill after four days'consid
eration. It was passed just as reported
from the Committee on Appropriations,
with the single exception that the salary
of the librarian of Congress was reduced
from $6000 to $5000, and this after it had
been antagonized by the joint committee
on library and the opponents oi the civil
service law in a discussion running ov<r
three days. The bill carries a total ap
propriation of $21,668,370 and provides for
10,065 salaries. To-day's session was de
voted to a discussion of the appropriation
for the Civil Service Commission, and un
der it the law and administration thereof
were most vigorously attacked. The prin
cipal speakers were Baker (R.) of New
Hampshire, Gibson (R.) of Tennessee and
Williams (D.) of Mississippi. The law
was upheld by Brosius(R.) of Pennsylva
nia and Walker (R.) of Massachusetts. A
motion to strike out the appropriation
failed— ayes 29, noes 62. This was the
only vote counted, other propositions to
amend the provi>iun being settled in ;he
negative viva voce.
The House agreed to the Senate amend
ment to the urgent deficiency bill.
On motion oi Cooper (D.) of Texas the
House bill was passed amending the act
authorizing railroad companies whose
lines run through the Indian Territory to
secure additional depot grounds. The bill
was intended, it was stated, largely lor the
benefit of the Missouri, Kansas and Texa3
Railroad Company, which under its char
ter is permitted to charge 5 cents a mile
for passenger travel, while all other roads
traversing the Territory are restricted to
3 cents.
The House on motion of Bingham (R.)
of Pennsylvania went into committee of
the whole, Hepburn (R.)of lowa in the
chair, to further consider tbe legislative,
executive and judicial appropriation bill,
the appropriation for the Civil Service
Commission being tbe pending qmsijon.
Gibson (R. ) of Tennessee spoke against
the present law, and Baker (R.) of New
Hampshire followed in a speech upon a
proposed amendment authorizing heals of
departments to reappoint to places w.th
out examination employes who may have
been discharged for causes not affecting
their moral characters or efficiency. The
present law, he said, was not a reform.
It had been passed under misrepresenta
tion and executed in deceit. It had never
been honest or sincere.
Brosiu- (R.)of Pennsylvania, chairman
of the Committee on Civil Service Reform
and Retrenchment, replied to the criti
cisms that had been - made by tbe precefl
ing speakers, and his defense of the merit
system aroused a number ol tne members.
The usual animated colloquy attending
civil service discussion for a short time
raged on the floor,
In answer to a question by Cannon (R.)
of Illinois Brosius state! that he would
not retain uny part of civil service under
the spoils system, believing it to be in
trinsically bad, iniquitous, inequitable
and absolutely vernacular.
While commending the action of Presi
dent Cleveland in his recent order extend
ing the classified service, Brosius de
nounced in unmeasured terms the
preliminary action of the administration,
leading up to that action. Tola broupht
up by Mciliilin (D.) of Tennessee, whu
alluded to the suspension by President
Harrison immediately after his inaugura
tion of the order issued by President
Cleveland placing the railway mail service
under the civil service law, and he asked
Brosius what be thought of that. Brosius
responded that In that instance the order
resulted in a great and conspicuous im
provement in the public service. When
Cleveland issue I that order the railway
service was a chaos, owing to the intro
duction of incompetent clerks by the
Democratic administration. After the
Harrison administration began restoring
old and efficient clerks the average of
errors decreased.
The committee rose informally and the
House received a message from the Senate
transmitting lbs urgent deficiency bill
with a si i ht amendment. This was
agreed to by the House, and the bill now
goes to the President.
Resuming the sitting of the committee
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
of the whole Richardson (D.) of Tennes
see replied to some of the statements made
by Brosius, asserting that the changes in
the railway mail service under Harrison
were unparalleled and unprecedented.
The object of this debate, be said, was
plain; it was to make way or to prepare
the country for an executive order or
proclamation to De inaugurated March 4
next by winch clerks appointed under this
administration and supposed to be pro
tected by the civil service law may be dis
missed and their places filled by political
antagonists.
Walker (R.) of Massachusetts supported
the civil service law and said in his opin
ion the most pernicious thing in the mat
ter of appointments was Congressional in
fluence.
Powers believed in the merit system in
the public service, but was opposed to
the fraudulent civil service reform which
had been foisted Upon the American peo
ple. It was un-American, modeled after
the British system, tended to the estab
lishment of classes in tbe country and
made office-holders for the office.
There was nothing but politics in the
civil service reform of this administration.
The President had waited until informed
that every Ret übican in a great depart
ments had been displaced by a Democrat
and then issued his order putting all those
positions under the classified service.
In tbe customs service in California
there was not a single Republican left,
and not one of their successors had Deen
selected under examination. And yet
they formed boards to examine all appli
cants who shall come after them. It was
the widest extended scheme to secure par
tisan control of offices ever known.
General debate was closed in a brief
speech by Neill (D.)of Arkansas against
the bill.
Settle (R.) of North Carolina moved to
strike out the appropriation for the Civil
Service Commission. The motion was lost
despite manifestations of approval — 29 to
62. Ot er eff >rts to amend the section
were futile, and the committee ordered a
favorable report of the bill as it was
draried by the Appropriations Committee,
with the sinirlf change of the librarian's
salary from $6000 to $5000.
The bill was so reported and passed with
out division.
A concurrent resolution was agreed to
directing the printing of 1500 copies of a
statement giving detailed information re
garding tne public service.
At 3:40 o'clock the House adjourned
until January 5.
REAUD IS IN CANTON
Major McKinley Bind n Most Enjoyable
Visit in Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 22.— Major Mc-
Kinley left Chicago to-night in a special
car attached to th • regular Pennsylvania
train which departs at 11:30. The train
is due in Canton at 1;35 Wednesday after
noon. Major McKinley was accompanied
by his wife, Miss Sara Duncan, a neice,
and Captain H. O. Heistand. Before his
departure Major McKinley said that his
visit to Chicago had been an enjoyable
one, and had benefited both himself and
Mrs. McKinley. He also remarked that
he expected few callers at Canton during
the holiJays.
This afternoon Major McKinley drove
with his wife aid Captain and
Mrs. Macwiliiams to one of the
great stores. A number of the
party went into the building to make
a purchase, and in less than three min
utes employes and cu-tomers came stream
ing forth to see the President-elect. The
street was speedily blockaded, and it was
a quarter of an hour before traffic was
resumed.
Owing to the fact that it was announced
that Major McKinley ha 1 left the city
last evening, aside from the incident just
mentioned, he found this the most restful
day of his visit to Chicago.
THUNSTON NO SHOUP
Thejf Are Antcinus for This Coast to Be
Represented in the Cabinet.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 22.— Senator
Thurston of Nebraska, Senator Snoup of
Idaho and Secretary of State McFarlane
of lowa ware in the city to-day and each
paid a visit to M. A. Hanna.
Tin- evening, to a United Associated
Presses reporter, tbey said their call on
Mr. Hanna was of a purely social char
acter. Both, however, seemed deeply in
terested in the pending tariff legislation
and in a candidate for Postmaster-Gen
eral. Tbey denied that these subjects had
been discussed with Mr. Hanna, how
ever.
Pacific Coast representation in the Cabi
net was favored by both tbe Senators,
though each had a different candidate for
the same position. Senator Thurston
talked of M. H. de Young for the Post
master-Generalship and Senator Shoup
named Senator Perkins of California lor
tbat office. Secretary McFarlane was very
much inclined to say nothing at all about
the object of bis visit, but among the local
Cabinet-fixers he is credited with an active
interest in tne possible appointment of
Senator Allison to a place in the Cabinet.
FIGHTING IN THE PHILIPPINES.
Tactics of the Rebels to Tire Out the
Spanish Troops.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec 22.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Manila,
via Hon'.'kong, says: I have just returned
from the scene of operations. The affair
at Maycauayun was trivial, the rebels,
numbering 4000, scarcely firing. Tbat
very few prisoners were taken goes to
show that they were wretchedly armed.
No run-suit was made, and, except a few
who were killed by shells, all escaped east
ward to tbe hills.
The Spanish troops behaved well, but
the action was really no test. The rebels'
tactics are to tire the Spanish troops by
constant alarms, retreating from a supe
rior force and refusing an engagement on
equal terms. The affair at Maycauayun
was intended to divert attention from
Cavite.
General Polavieja has already cleared
tbe Bulacan villages that were occupied
by the rebels. Among tne prisoners
awaiting trial there are native priests, one
the chaplain of a bishop, whose throat was
to be cut while asleep.
ARE WAREHOOSEMEN ONLY
Elevator Companies Hive Ao Sight to
Speculate in Grain.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 22.— The bill for
an injunction brought against the Cen
tral Elevator Company by Attorney-
General Moloney to restrain the company
from dealing in grain was decided this
morning by Judge Tuley against the ele
vator people. The court holds that by
dealing in grain or mixing its own hold
ings of grain with that stored with it in
its capacity as an elevator company the
Central Company exceeded the legal scope
of its authority, license or charter. This
is practically a test case and is part of the
fieht being waeed on elevator companies
by the Board of Trade, although the latter
is not a party to the case so far as is shown
by the court records. The decision is
against tbe elevators and sustains the con
tention tbat they are warehousemen only.
A Mortgage, for 920,000,000.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Dec. 22.— A
mortgage given by tbe Philadelphia and
Reading Railway Company to the Central
Trust Company of New York for $20,000,000
and dated November 18, 1896, was filed
with the Recorder of Deeds in this city
this afternoon. It covers the property
held by the old Reading Railroad Com
pany and is a part of the reorganization
plan.
Xma« News Letter.
Illustrated; 88 pages; 15 cents.
MORGAN FAVORS
FEDERAL CONTROL
Foreigners Should Not Get
Hold of th 3 Pacific
Railroads.
Vest of Missouri Seeks in Vain
for an Interpretat on of the
President's Message.
Preliminary Sk rmish in the Senate
Over the Obncxious Refund
ing Bill.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— The
number of spectators in tbe galleries to
day when the Senate met was much larger
than at the same time yesterday, the at
traction being Senator Vest's expected
speech on the constitutional question
raised in Mr. Oiney's preas statement.
In his prayer Chaplain Milburn sDoke
of the happy prospect that between the
Governments of Great Britain and our
own country there should henceforward
be peace, no appeal to the horrors and hell
of war, but to the rule of reason and right
feeling, and added: "Grant that the ex
ample set by these nations may be imi
tated and followed by all the nations of
the world, so ihat the time shall speedily
come when the sword shall be'beaten into
the plowshare and the spear into the
pruning-hook."
Early in the day the statement was
passed around that Senator Hale, who is
opposed to Cuban recognition under ex
isting circumstances, would demand a
quorum if the debate was resnmed, and,
doubting his ability to command a
quorum, so many Senators having left the
city ; Vest had determined to postpone his
effort till after the recess. After this im
pression had gained ground the proceed
ings rapidly assumed a listless account,
which intensified when Hale, from tbe
Committee on Appropriations, reported
back the urgent deficiency bill and asked
for its immediate consideration. There
was no objection, and the bill was read
with the amendm°nts.
Morgan was discussing the question of
tbe Government interp.eading in one of
tbe foreclosure suits pending, and ex
pressed the hope and the confidence that
the Attorney-General would refuse to
interplead.
"I would like to ask the Senator," Vest
(D.) of Missouri interposed, "what he un
derstands by that part of the President's
message to the effect that unless some
thing be done by Congress in the very
near future the Executive Department
will take steps by the first of January next
to protect the interests of the Govern
ment."
Morgan — The Senator from Missouri
asks me to interpret the President's mes
sage, while iv Egypt tuere was found but
a single man (and be divinely inspired)
who could interpret the dream of Pharoah.
I suppose the Senator from M-ssouri can
interpret that message if anybody can, but
I will not stop to do.
Another remark of Vest's as to the
meaning of tiie n>As&ge was rep.ied to by
Morgan with the sentence: "I wish tbe
Senator from Missouri would net bother
me with that message, for certainly I am
not paying attention to it."
Morgan went on to argue that under the
charter of the railroad companies they
would cease, whenever the first default in
payment of their bonds was made, to have
any right to the property, but that ail the
property passed immediately and without
any action by Congress or tbe courts into
possession of the Government of the
United States. The control of the Pacific
railroads was absolutely a' necessity to the
Government from a military point of view,
and it was imperatively important to shut
out the idea that the Government was
ever going to abandon its control into pri
vate bands, particularly into the hands of
foreign stockholders, "for," said he,
"there is not a railroad two hundred miles
lone: that is not owned abroad. American
stockholders in American railroads would
be a curiosity thaUbhould be put in a side
show."
Gear said that he could point to a rail
road of over 7UOO miles, of which 58 per
cent was owned by American women and
78 per cent (including the ownership of the
women) was owned by trust companies
and churches and estates.
"Who owns the bonds?" Morgan asked.
"They are owned by people all over the
country," Gear replied.
"Show me the men who own the bonds,"
Morgan said, "and I will show you the
men who control the road."
"They only control the road," Gear re
joined, "when the company defaults and
this company has never defaulted."
Morgan spoke for about an hour and a
half and when he had taken bis seat Gear
expressed his satisfaction that the ques
tion had come up incidentally. It was
evident, be said, that there was a desire
on the part of the Senate to take ud that
important measure. The members of the
committee were unanimous with the ex
ception of the Senator lrom Alabama in
reporting the funding bill, but none of
them were wedded to that specific plan.
Personally he was opposed, now and in
toto, to the operation of the Pacific rail
roads by the Government, experience
having shown that Government operation
of railroadb in Europe was more expensive
than operation by companies. He hoped
that the Senate would take up and act
upon the bill immediately after recess.
The joint resolution introduced yester
day by Pettigrew (R.) of South Dakota
directing the Secretaiy of the Treasury to
pay the interest on the 6 percent trust
notes of the Southern Pacific Railway and
to take possession of the bonds and stocks
held as collateral for them and appropri
ating $10,000,000 for tbe purchase was taken
up, and Pettigrew spoke in explanation
and advocacy of it as a business measure
to protect tbe interests of the Government.
In the course of his remarks he as erted
♦hat the receivers of the Union Pacific
Company did not desire to pay interest on
those trust notes so as to complicate mat
ters. It was the duty of the Government,
he said, to pay off those notes, take pos
session of the road and its branch lin^s
and operate them in 'the interest of the
people all along tbe line. He believed
tbat it was the fear that that would be
done which had led the managers of tbe
Union Pacific to handle the property so as
to be able to sever the branch lines from
the main road, on which the Government
had a iien.
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut said that Pet
tigrew's remarks should convince the Sen
ate of the necessity of immediate action
to settle tbe debt of the Union Pacific and
Central Pacific to the Government. There
was no question before tbe Senate and be
fore the country more imperatively de
manding attention. He could not under
stand wny Congress had been so utterly
indifferent to the question whether a debt
of over $100,000,000 to the Government
should be secured or should be lost, and
he hoped that when Congress mci after
the holidays tbe matter would be taken
up and acted on.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama said that as a
member of the Pacific Railroad Commit
tee the matter was entirely new to him.
He understood tbe plan of tbe managers
to be to get control of the branch lines,
unite them with the Nor hern system and
get up a parallel to tbe Union Pacific line.
He alluded to the past history of the
Union and Central Pacific roads as "a
saturnalia of fraud," and as a "labyrinth
of fraud and. rascalit. y"
The statement made to-day by the Sen
ator from Sou:h Dakota made it proper
tbat the Pacific railroads shonid be investi
gate.!, and proposed to as& that tbe com
mittee should sit during the vacation and
investigate the subject. He was in favor
of having the subject disposed of, but
wanted it distinctly understood that when
it came to be considered there would be a
claim of latitude of debate commensurate
with the magnitude of the question. He
was in favor of the consideration of the
bill reported last session from the com
mittee on the Paoitic railroads. He was
not in favor of its passaee, but was op
posed to it. No such petitions and remon
strances, Morgan said, had ever been put
In Congress as had come from the Pacific
Coast against the management of the Pa
cific railroads. He hoped tbat the people
of California would not be denied a voice
in those proceedings and would not be
sacrific d to a gorgon of monopoly.
The Union Pacific Company had in its
treasury enough money to pay the in'er
est on its first mortgage bonds, and the
Central Pacific had p.iid such interest up
to date and beaides paid 1 per cent divi
dends to its British stockholders, and yet
both these companies came to Congress as
mendicants, stating that tbey were bank
rupts. All this was "a false pretense."
Pettigrew's resolution was then referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Butler (Pop.) of Norta Carolina offered
a resolution for a committee of three Sen
ators to inquire into the principle of legis
lation through tbe initiative and referen
dum. Referred to the Committee on Con
tingent Expenses.
Are olution was offered by Call (D.) of
Florida, and was agreed to, asuing the
President for information as to the cir
cumstances of the death in Cuba of Charles
Govine, an American citizen, said to
"have been hacked to pieces by Spanish
soldiers."
A dozen private pension bills, one of
them for the 90-year-old daughter of a
revolutionary soldier, were taken up and
passed. Also Senate bill to pay $497 to
the legal representative of Edwin de Lon,
late Consul-General to Egypt, the amount
due him on adjustment of accounts.
At 2:40 p. m. the Senate went into execn
tiue session, and shortly afterward ad
journed until Tuesday, January 5.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Army Officers Who mil He Examined
With a View to Promotion.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec 22.-The
special postoffice service between Almond
and Ramona, San Diego County; Aukum
and Oieta, El Dorado County and La
Habra and WJiittier, Orange County, Cali
fornia, will be discontinued after Jan
uary 1. '-.,:«.,
Abraham Haynes has been commis
sioned Postmaster at Madison, Cal.
By direction of the Secretary of War
the following named officers will report to
Colonel Wiiliam R. Shatter at the Pre
sidio, San Francisco, at such times as
they may be required by the Board of Ex
aminers as to their fitness for promotion :
Second Lieutenant Milton F. Davis,
Fourth Cavarry ; Second Lieutenant
James A. Ryan, Tenth Cavalry; Second
Lieutenant Lawrence J. Fleming, Tenth
Cavalry; Second Lieutenant James J.
Horn brook, Second Cavalry; Second Lieu
tenant William F. Clark, Seventh Cavalry
Second Lieutenant Charles J. Symontis,
Seventh Cavalry ; Second Lieutenant
Charles W. Fantoh, Seventh Cavalry;
Second Lieutenant Edward D. Anderson,
Fourth Cavalry.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: — George Lutz, San
Francisco.
Oregon : Original — Ira K. Vantress,
Scotts Mills; Thomas Wells, Prosper;
Truman Leigbton, Cleone; original wid
ow — Mary A. Bootbe, Joseph.
W. E. Dennison of San Francisco, B°cre
tary of the C'itv Street Improvement Com
pany, is in Washington, having visited
most of the principal cities en route from
the Pacific Coast to the Atlantic in his in
vestigation of street improvements. He
will visit Baltimore, Philadelphia, New
York and Boston before returning home.
He said to Thx Call correspondent that
in his opinion Cincinnati, whose topo
graphy and general characteristics wer*
very similar to San Francisco, had the
best system of street-paving and car lines.
Senator White arrived last night and
will be at the Shoreham Hotel until Mrs.
White and children arrive from Philadel
phia, when they will go to housekeeping.
FOR A DUTY ON COAST
Representative Loud Obtains Some In
terentina Figures on the Subject.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec* 22.—Rep
resentative Loud of California will pre
sent to the Committee on Ways and
Means for its consideration in the prepa
ration of a tariff bill a letter from a San
Francisco broker, giving the statistics of
the importations of foreign anthracite coal
at that port. The letter, Loud says, will
cause general surprise, and in bis opinion
the statement it contains warrants serious
consideration from both a revenue and a
protection standpoint. : From the letter it |
appears that in 1886, 1926 tons were im
ported at San Francisco; the importations
increased every 'vear and in 1895 they
amounted to 50,930 tons, while lor the first
eleven montiin of this year they have
amounted to 81,255 tons. From 1862 to
1864 the duty on anthracite coal was 60
cents a ton ; from -1864 to 1870 it wa* 40
cents and since then it has been on the
free list, for the reason that the quantity
of anthracite coal produced outside the
United States was, * prior to 1870, so in
finitely small that it was considered an
I absurdity to retain it on the dutiable list,
cut since then expensive fields of ■, anthra
cite have been discovered near Swansea,
Wales, from which lie California impor
tations come; Canada, "Mexico and Ton
[ quin, and the low price of labor at some
|of those producing sections, the letter
says, should make protection a prudent
measure. " ; •
FIRST MORTGAGE BONDS
Morgan <fr Co. Did Mot Bid High Enough
for Central Pneifie Securities.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.-Bids
for $2,780,000 first mortgage bonds now
held in the sinking fund of tbe Central
Pacific Railroad Company were offered at
the Treasury Department to-day, and this
afternoon awards were made as follows:
Speyer&Co., New York, CentnC Pacific
1897, $218,003 at 100 and accrued merest;
Speyer & Co., New York, Central Pacific
1898, $1,321,000 at 100 and acorued interest;
Kuhn, Loeb & Co., New York, Union Pa
citic 1896 and 1897, $338,000 at 103.05 ; Kuhn,
Loci' & Co., N-w York, Union Pacific 189 8
and 1893, $601,000 at 103 30; Kuhn. L eb &
Co., New York, Kansas Pacific 1896. $142,
-000 at 109; Asi-1& Co., New York, Kansas
Pacific 1895, $158,000 at 105.51.
The Government has been guaranteed a
price for these bonds, and prospective bid
ders were notified that bids below this
would be rejected. The guarantees were
J. P. Morgan & Co., New York. They
offered to take all the bonds at par and
interest at least or none. A computation
showed that the highest bids in each
group would net the Government abou
$600,000 more than the Morgan guarantee
and tbe awards were made as stated
Tbe Morgan company's offer amounted to
102.86.
/Improvement of Mam Inland.
WASHINGTON, D. G, Dec.
tary Lam on t sent to the House to-day
the report of Major Davis of the corps of
engineers on the survey of Mare Island
Strait, Cal. Major Davis recommends the
dredging of the channel thirty feet deep
and 800 feet wide across the outer bar and
600 feet wide through the main channel.
The cost of the improvement is estimated
at 1319.950.
TO CURE A COL D IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative firomo Quinine Tablets. All drug
glsu refund the money if it lails to cure. Use
JAPAN'S POLICY
CLEARLY OUTLINED
Minister Okuma Says the
Country Seeks Perfect
Peace.
Will Endeavor to Lead Korea
and China Into the Path
of Progress.
Sixteen Lives Lost in a Foolish At
tempt to Shoot the Rapids of
the Fuji River.
TOKIO, Japan, Dec 5. — In a speech re
cently delivered before the Oriental Asso
ciation the Japanese Minister of Foreign
Affairs, Count Okuma, clearly outlined
his foreign policy. Briefly speaking, bis
principle is that Japan should sees to de
velop relations of perfect peace and friend
ship with Western powers; that she
should endeavor to lead China and Korea
into the path of progress, treating their
conservatism, their displays of anti
foreign feeling, and their embarrassments
with patience born of her own experience
in the days immediately preceding the
present era, ant that she should devote
attention, above all things, to fostering
her foreign trade, since the ties that giow
out of mutual material interests are the
strongest bonds of international amity.
The Minister alluded in very severe
terms to the conduct of his nationals in
Korea. He said that although the foreign
ers that came to Japan in the early days
of her opening were persons of the mid
dle class at best, they were, nevertheless,
incomparably superior to tbe Japanese in
general erudition and in tbe Knowl
edge that makes for prosperity, whereas
the Japanese now in Korea showed no
such superiority to the Koreans with
whom they were brought in contact. If,
despite this difference, the Japanese them
selves had often been guilty of rudeness
and violence toward their foreign visitors,
there was all tbe more excuse for occa
sional outbursts of similar anti-Japanese
feeling on the part of the Koreans to-day.
A terrible accident recently occurred on
tbe Fuji River, a stream celebrated for its
rapids, the shooting of which in specially
constructed boats is one of the d -lights of
tourists. Eighteen youths, of whom six
teen were conscripts, hired a boat on
October 27 to travel down tbe rapids and
view tbe splendid autumnal tints for
which the place is famous. The river was
in flood. When tbe Doat approached the
Yabuga Rapid, which is considered the
most dangerous, the boatmen asked the
party to land and re-embark below tne
rapid. They refused, the boat was up
set, and eleven of the conscripts, their two
friends, and three boatmen were drowned.
Monet/ for Soldiers' Homes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec Si-Secre
tary Lamont sent to the House to-day a
supplemental estimate of $15,800, sub
mitted by the board of governors of homes
for disabled volunteer soldiers. The addi
tional amount is requested for furniture
and repairs at the Pacific brancn, Santa
Monica, Cal., to the extent of $10,500, and
$5300 for repairs at tne Marion (Ind.)
branch.
Pains
In the head, chest, arms, shoulders, limbs,
due to neuralgia, the "prayer of the
nerves for pure blood." Feed the nerves
upon pure, nourishing blood and the pains
disappear.
Is th^Desi^i^ac^h^On^Tru^BiooaPurifier.
Hood's Pills are purely vegetable, reli-
nOOU S KIIIS ab i e aP d oeneficiaL 25c.
mm OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DOCTOR SWEANY,
A physician whose reputation Is established
by ten years of successful practice at 737 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco.
NERVOUS * DEBILITY, ?2^i!
bidden vices or excesses, is the curse of hu-
manity , the unpardonable sin. : It , blights all
the pleasures of youth. It deadens the spirits
and weakens the brain. Its trail* of ills and
evils tears down the strongest constitution
and completely wrecks the mental and physi-
cal man. [ Thousands of | young and \ middle-
aged men through this scourge of humanity
have found homes In Insane asylums or filled
suicide's graves. ;It has . broken .up : more
homes, caused more \ desertions and separ-
ations than ' all other evils combined. ~ If you
are a sufferer from ti.is monster of all diseases
you should consult. Doctor Sweany. Ha can"
positively and permanently restore your wasted
and weakened powers, your health and your
strength.. -
A WEAK BACK »' untimely
llt.«t\ DHUa death. It is an un-
mistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your
back ache? Do you have • sediment or brick
duet deposit In the urine? Do you urinate fre-
quently? \ Have you weakness of ; the ? sexual
organs, partial or total . impotency? If you
have any of these symptoms you have dis-
eased kidneys. To t neglect : these troubles
means to you diabetes or Bright's disease and
a premature grave. Dr. Sweany invariably
cures these diseases. • > ;
VARIf.nPFI C Hydrocele and all bl ad-
WHnluUllCLCider difficulties treated
witn unfailing success.
II PT 1 1 - c w method, sure cure, pain-
•'Mr I Ullti less treatment, no detention
from work, no experiment. . A positive, cer-
tain and permanent cure. ■ :
PRIVATE DISEASES. sK trt^i
stricture cured. Syphilis, the leprosy of the
age, positively and forever cured. "
"- LADI ,s will \ receive' special and careful
treatment for all their many ailments.^-
WK.TK, if away : from the city. Book
'Guide to Health," > a treatise ou all organs
and their diseases, ireo on application.
Call or address ~ ~ .
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market . Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Starts me UIinYAN Istbe
Biooito HUDYftN E- k
circulate uj j AM Treatment >
ttrongir HODTilN' '-'"'"
all the UiinYflN baa only
parts of HUDYAN m
My, UIinYAN Mm ,
mm v liny an Helical
yon notice 11 1 1 YA M lQsU>
a letter UIinYAN mm
feeling UIinYAN Blselias
ana a HUDYAN MyaDi
tetter HUDYAN NoonB
manhood UIinYAN "-- elsecaD l
m HUDYAN dl|f
Nervous |||JOYAN yon
Mm > lI [IVAN Wm
mi HUDYAN ™ s
ffiaiitaa UiinYAN Rem *
aM HUDYAN CTO
iIUU I fill
diseases UIinYAN ItiS
of men. UI|[|YAN *
CALL OR WRITE FOR
CIRCULARS.
Hudson Medical Institute
' Stockton, Mtrkct and Ellis Sts.,
knuJtingco. :'{'
103 and 105 Post Street. Take Elevator.
Formerly at 120 Gutter Street,
WILL KMT your...
" ILlj * im SILK, WOOLEN,
TO ORDER LINEN. MERINO and
— — COTTON
UNDERWEAR!
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO
yyiiiji ~~jf-'^T' is tho Place to Buy
Jlllif DESKS, CHAIRS
wEgjasM^m^f^SmESff ' And All Kinds of
iSpM FFicEFmiTLRE
3§g|^^3££sW 638-C4O Mission St.
TJiE
WEEKLY
GHLL
ol It Publishes the Cream of th&
©/ News of the Week and
=»< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
al ORIGINAL FEATURES.
5 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
°\ PAPER ON THE
ol PACIFIC COAST
I ~J Always Republican, but Always
TV Fair, and Impartial in Its
°\ Rendering of the Po-
o\ litical News.
c) It's the Paper to Send East if
gj You Want to Advertise
■~J.- California.
J : : v / " mm \-
-3 The Best \ /Mining
3 Telegraphic \/ News That
°S Service on /\ Is Accurate
c* The Coast / \& up to date
°S Not a Line of it Sensational
ol or Faky, and Not a Line of
a) it Dry or Uninteresting.
5 A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
_/ Rrtzht, Clean, A Champ'on of
°\ Thoughtful. Truth.
■ ?['.z=r"' ' ""_ %
5 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER Mr
°J ALL THE TIME. W
SIT ADVOCATES * SENT BY
°) HOME MAIL, $1.50
i O\ INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
3 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR AUBANKERS PREVENT
A PUBLIC PANIC
Prompt and Conservative
Action to Avoid a
Serious Scare.
But Small Depositors Cause a
Run on Some of Chicago's
Institutions.
Unexpected Fai are of the Bank of
Minnesota, but Creditors Will Bs
Paid in Full.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec 22.— A steady ran
of savings depositors on the Hibernian
Banking Association and the Illinois
Trust and Savings Bank and the failure of
the Angus A Gindele Contracting Com
pany, which is credited with getting a
loan of $250,000 from the failed National
Bank of Illinois, comprised the develop
ments of to-day in connection with the
financial flurry.
T c associated banks have taken
rompt, thorough and conservative action
to avoid a se; ious scare on the part of the
public, which has millions of dollars in
savings accounts deposited with city
banks. The Illinois Trust leads all the
local banks in its savings deposits, having
nearly $12,000,000. The Hibernian Bank
has less than $3,400,000 of such accounts.
The solid showing made by the banks
which did not lean on the collapsed Na
tional bank had a reassuring effect on the
public to-day when the morning papers
were perused, and the general feeling in
the banking community was that the
worst was over so far as those institutions
were concerned.
At a conference of the savings banks of
the city, which was held when the runs
began at the Hibernian and Illinois Trust
banks, it was unanimously agreed to
adopt an unusual means toward checking
what might become an epidemic of appre
hension. Instead of attempting to allay
the scare by paying all demands in full on
the spot, which has proven to be an un
wise policy in the past, the banks decided
to stand upon their statutory rights and
demand notice of sixty days in case of all
withdrawals exceeding $100.
John Angus, president of the Angus &
Gindele Contracting Company, appeared
in the Superior Court this afternoon with
a bill petitioning for the appointment of a
receiver. He made George A. Gindele,
secretary and treasurer of the company,
defendant ior the purpose of obtaining a
receivership, and substantially the same
allegations were made as in the Dreyer-
AVasmansdorff case yesterday. The finan
cial condition of the company was said to
be such that a receiver was needed at once
to conserve the assets and protect all in
terests. The answer filed by Gindele ad
mitted the substance of the petition and
Judge Horton did not hesitate to appoint
William Hill receiver.
According to the statement maae by the
attorneys for the company the assets are
estimated to be worth $300,000, and lia
bilities are placed at $250,000. These
figures are believed to be largely guess
work, however, and exaggerated in case
of the assets. It i 3 said the firm owes the
National Bank of Illinois alone $250,000
for money borrowed, and the security is
said to be of a ciass which will be slow to
realize on. The present partnership was
formed in 1888. The company had a large
contract on the drainage canal, and was
the principal owner of the Security build
ing at Madison street and Ffth avenue,
which was built by the firm. Mr. Angus
.is president of the Security Deposit Com
pany, winch owns the building, and Mr.
Gindele is the treasurer. The capital
stock of the building company is $500,000.
There is a mortgage for $180,000 on it, and
it is bonded for $150,000, secured by second
mortgage. Thi-t building is believed to be
the best-asset of the contracting company.
It has been in financial trouble for a long
time. Part of the Lake-street Elevated
Kaiiroad was built by the firm.
The only reason which can be thought
of by the officers of the Illinois Trust
and Savings Bank for the run on that
bank, apart from the general one
of coniagious timidity, is that ignor
ant people, hearing or reading of
the failure of the National Bank of
Illinois, got it confounded with the
only other bank of the city which has
the word Illinois in its title. In fact,
many money-seeking depositors who hur
ried from their homes admitted, when
they reached the waiting line, that they
had heard the bank had failed, while
money was being paid out and received
tinder their eyes. Meddlesome busy
bodies and fool friends, who had wrought
on the fears of depositors and had even
accompanied them to the bank, were or
dered by police officers and bank detec
tives to await their friends outside. Tie
line of men and women who wanted their
money numbered 200 during most of the
live hours the bank was open, and the
curious crowd of spectators added to the
excitement. Where deposits exceeded
$100 that amount only was paid and the
sixty days' notice enforced as to the re
mainder.
Wnile President John J. Mitchell said
the bank had money enough to pay all
depositors in full he declared the sixty
day' ru:e decision would not be misinter
preted by those who knew the reputation
and standing of his bank. He believed
that the run would spend itself early to
morrow, and the fac: tnat there was a
email line at the close of banking hours
bore out bis statement.
The last statement of the bank to tne
Auditor of Public Accounts showed re
sources of $30,900,856, capital surplus
$4,000,000, time deposits $14,784,841, de
mand deposits $11,715,974.
The run on the Hibernian Bank began a
little later, there being no waiting
line until 11 o'clock. Small depositors
who could not afford to take chances com
posed the bulk of the crowd, which ex
tended from the paying-teller's window
out on the second floor of the Ashland
block. Ropes and policemen were needed
to preserve the line intact and out of the
way of other customers of the bank. The
sixty-day rule was enforced from the start.
There were 150 people In line nntil near
.. the closing hour. The bank has withstood
every panic, and on Ifcis account is consid
ered strong and attracted a heavy savings
account. President Clark said the Dank
had 57 per cent of its reserve funds on
hand ami could stand a run of two "nonths
if necessary. Depositors of $50 to $100
were required to give thirty days' notice,
under tne bank rule, and when this is
known there is not expected to be much
of a run to-morrow.
In compliance with orders received to
day from Comptroller Eckels, Ban* Ex
aminer McKeon, receiver of the National
Bank of Illinois, began to-day to make ar
rangements with City Treasurer Wolf and
other custodians of public funds in the
bank to issue to them certificates for such
amounts of their deposits as clearly ap
peared to be due to them, so as to enable
them to take advantage of the clearing
house offer to advance 75 per cent This
applies only to public funds.
The report was current that loans of
$500,000 each to Robert Berger and George
A. Weiss, both sons-in-law of President
Schneider of the failed National bank,
were unsecured. It was said that the
Weiss lotfn is secured by the American
Brewing Company bonds, Mr. Weiss be
ing president of the company, but none of
tne bank directors could be found who
had seen such bonds. The Dreyer loan is
said to be secured by real estate which the
Clearing- house Gommittee threw out as
worthless. Ii is claimed that most of the
directors did not know ot the $yOO,OOO ad
ditional loan on Calument Electric securi
ties.
WRECKED BY THE "KITER"
Second Tice-Presid-nt Hammond and
Bit Wild- Eyed Speculations.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec 23.— The Chicago
Tribune this morning says: When the
mist which has overhung the affairs of
the collapsed National Bank of Illinois
began to clear up yesterday, it became
evident that tbe institution had been
wrecked by W. A. Hammond, its second
vice-president.
Mr. Hammond, so tbe light of investiga
tion shows, has played the role of a "kiter"
and speculator with other p-ople's money.
He is a man who has deceived his own
directors and depositors— a man who has
violated wiilfuily and deliberately the law
which is supposed to protect the public
from tbe operations of such as he.
Bank Examiner McKeon who is acting
temporary receiverof the Bank of Illinois,
told a friend yesterday that the failure is
the largest in the history of the United
States under the National banking law,
and probably the largest in the history of
the country.
In the way of cash the failure is with
out precedent. Tbe bank has more than
the total amount of reserve now in its
vaults and had its statement been printed
yesterday its cash reserve would have
been highly satisfactory. In this respect
the failure is unique.
The bank was not wrecked in a week or
a month, but in the years during which
its funds and prestige bad been used to
bolster up the far-reaching speculations
of its second vice-president and chief ex
ecutive officer. Bank examiners and direc
tors were alike hoodwinked into the belief
that a cautious, safe business was being
done.
Not only was the directory completely
fooled in the daily sessions, but old tellers
who invested their savings in the stock
of the institution were not aware of what
was going on right under their eyes, and
suffer along with tne most ignorant of the
depositors.
WARRANTS SWORN OUT
Bankers to Be Arrested for Receiving
Jtepotits After They Are Insolvent.
CHICAGO, 111., Dec. 22.— Warrants
were sworn out before Justice Hall this
evening for the arrest of E. S. Dreyer and
Robert Berger of the banking firm of £.
S. Dreyer & Co., which failed here yester
day. The warrants charge tbe bankers
with violation of the bankirrg laws of
Illinois by receiving deposits after tbe in
stitution was insolvent and were sworn
out by Frank Kennedy, a saloon-keeper
on Dearborn street He claims to have
made a deposit in tbe bank after it had
become insolvent. Robert Berger, one of
the partners, is a son-in-law ol George
Schneider, president of the deiunct
National Bank of Illinois. The warrants
have been placed in the hands of officers
and the arrests will probably be made be
fore to-morrow morning.
FAILURES IN MINNESOTA.
Depositor* Will Not Suffer by the Closing
of the State Bank.
ST. PAUL, Mink.. Dec. 22.— State Bank
Examiner Kenyon to-day took possession
of t c Bank of Minnesota and as a result
of the closing of this bank the Union
StocK Yards bank at St. Paul also closed.
The bank of Minnesota was the oldest
bank in St. Paul. It was established by
Dawson <fe Co. in 1859. The Union Stock
Yards bank cleared through the Bank of
Minnesota and its closing followed as a
matter of course.
It was stated at the Bank of Minnesota
that depositors would not lose and that
arrangements would be made to carry on
the bank's business. The officers of the
two suspended banks are as follows: Bank
of Minnesota — President, William Dawson ;
vice-president, Robert A. Smith; cashier,
William Dawson Jr.; assistant cashier,
Robert Miller; directors, William Dawson,
Thomas Grace, R. A. Smith, A. B. Stick
ney, A. Oppenheim, P. Schmidt, Arnold
Kallman, P. J. Bcwlin, C. W. Copley,
William Dawson Jr., P. S. Harris.
Union Stock Yards Bank— President,
William Dawson; vice-presideut, William
Dawson Jr. ; cashier, J. J. Flannipan.
The Bank of Minnesota, in common
with ail the other banks in the city,
had a share of the deposits of the State
funds, and at the time of the last state
ment had between $70,000 and $80,000 of
the State money on deposit It was also
tne depository for the county, and until
recently was tie main bank through
which the city business was transacted.
R. A. Smith, present Postmaster and until
last spring Mayor of St. Paul, was for
years vice-president of the bank. The
Dawsons rank high among financiers.
William Dawson Jr. is one of the owners
of the St. Paul Globs, in which he be
came interested eighteen months ago.
The closing of the bank was as great a
surprise to the officers as it was to the gen
eral public.
Bank Examiner Kenyon wsb early on
tne scene and took cliar.e of the bank's
affairs. He would not give out any state
ment, inasmuch as he had not completed
his examination. He did state, however,
that the case will so into court to-morrow,
when an application will be made for the
appointment of a receiver.
Aside from the closing of the South 8k
Paul Bank, which was but a branch of the
Bank of Minnesota, no other concerns
have closed. When early customers ap
peared this morning at the bank they
were surprised to find upon the doors a
notice to the effect that State Bank Ex
aminer Kenyon had officially taken charge
of the Bank of Minnesota and its records,
books and effects. The news spread with
rapidity throughout the city, and soon
iarge groups of men and women made
their way toward the bank building. Some
were present because they were depositors,
others came from curiosity. No one was
admitted.
The public examiner at once began a
careful examination of the affairs of the
bank. At noon the clearing-house met
and suspended the bank from the associa
tion.
The private banking-house from which
THE SAN FRACNISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
the present bank is an upshoot was estab
lished in the firm name of Berry, Holland
& Dawson. In 1865 the Danking firm be
came known as Dawson & Co., and did an
immense business until 1882, when the
present Bank of Minnesota was organized
under the State banking act Its capital
ization was $60,000; its surplus and un
divided profits were given at $300,000.
Its last report to the Bank Examiner was
filed October 8 last, and a call for a new
report was issued yesterday which proba
bly Hastened action. According to the
last report the deposits on demand certifi
cates amounted to $865,000. There was
due to other banks the sum of $235,000, but
there were also resources due from other
banks amounting to $104,000, bat this sum
is amply secured by gilt-edged bonds. The
corresponding banks in the country shown
on the last report number forty-five, and
many of these are small banks in country
towns whose fate may depend on the final
resumption of the Bank of Minnesota.
The State had given notice that it would
withdraw $25,000 during the week and
the City Treasurer also required $15,000 of
the public funds. The bank's open funds
deposit amounted to $672,000 at the time it
closed its doors.
Although no official statement of the
Bank Examiner is obtainable until the
examination has been completed the di
rectors and officers this evening gave out
the following statement: "Every depos
itor will be paid in full with the least pos
sible delay."
William Dawson Jr., cashier of the bank,
said to a United Associated Presses re
porter that this statement was correct.
In addition he said: "We have had a
very large patronage from the retail busi
ness men of tbe city. The hard times of
the past few years have reduced our de
posits over hall. In addition, we have not
been able to mane collections on bills re
ceivable on large notes due the bauk.
This, in snort, is the story of our closing.
W 7 e might have continued for an indefinite
time, but concluded to save the assets in
tact for the depositors and creditors of the
bank with a view of making a fall settle-
ment."
All of the directors of the bank are men
of wealth and integrity, and tney have
authorized the statement that they will
see to it that every obligation is met. It
is the current belief that the suspension is
but temporary and that the bank will re
sume business in a few days, as soon as
arrangements can be made to obtain tbe
needed ready money. Its assets are said
to be ample to meet requirements, the
only difficulty being a shortage of ready
money. The bank officials deny that the
Chicago failures bad anything to do with
the closing of the bank.
•
TUFA BANKS NOT INJURED.
They Will Sot Be Effected by the Chicago
Failures.
DES MOINES. lowa, Dec. 22.— Des
Moines banks have been called to the aid
of numerous country banking customers
who were embarrassed by the failure of
the National Bank of Illinois. The
Chicago institution had a large number of
accounts with lowa bants scattered all
over the State. When it closed they
feared their drafts on it would not be paid,
and began wiring Dcs Moines bankers to
intervene with their Chicago corre
spondents and arrange to care for the
paper of country institutions until they
could make new arrangements in Chicago.
The indications are that lowa banks will
in no cases be injured beyond temporary
embarrassment of this kind, but the num
ber that have made such requests is
several score. No Dcs Moines banks are
involved, out business circles are very un
comfortable as a result of the troubles in
Chicago. ____^______
BITTEN BY A MAD DOG.
One JLad Succumb*, Although Treated a
the Pasteur Institute.
BALTIMORE, Md., Dec. 22.— Robert J.
Henry, 8 years old, one of the eight boys
who were bitten three weeks ago by a mad
dog in Baltimore County, died at the
home of his parents last night of hydro
phobia. He took the Pasteur treatment
in New York, returned from there last
Wednesday, and almost immediately after
his return he developed symptoms of
hydrophobia, and two physicians were
almost continuously at his bedside until
he died.
Dr. Giber, director of the Pasteur Insti
tute, telegraphed from New York to-day
that Lawrence Wilson, another of the vic
tims who remains in New York with his
parents, is in a serious condition, but he
hopes to pull him through safely. The
other six victims, all of whom took the
Pasteur treatment, are reported an doing
nicely, but the death of the Henry boy
has caused Dr. Giber considerable uneasi
ness, and he has decided to come to Balti
more to-morrow and endeavor to reassure
the parents of the other boys.
A tonsut- General Wounded.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22.— A special
cable dispatch from Bangkok, Siam, says:
A numlxer of Siamese soldiers attacked
and wounded Mr. iCellet. United States
Consul-General here. They demanded the
release of a consular clerc, who, they al-,
le^ed, bad been unjustly arrested. Mr
Barrett, the United States Minister here,
protested. The Siamese Government,
pursuing diliatory tactics, promises to
make inquiry into the incident.
J.yinrhrd at Woodstock.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 22.— Charles
Johnson, colored, was lynched at mid
night at Woodstock, Bibb County, for an
attempted assault on Miss Fannie Smith,
the 17-year-old daughter of a prominent
citizen of that place.
Ex- Congressman Hatch Dying.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Dec. 22.— Word reaches
here from Hannibal, Mo., that ex-
Congressman W. H. Hatch of the First
District of Missouri is dying of Brights
disease at his residence near that city.
Mr. Hatch has been an invalid for sev
eral months and lately bis sickness has
reached an acute stage. He is widely
known as the "Father of the anti-option
bill."
Racing ot Aew Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 22.— One mile,
Rogsmore won, Mamie G second, Logan third.
Time, 1 :42%.
Fiveeighihs of a mile, Maxine Elliott won,
Lottn second, Sugar Cane third. Time, 1:03%.
Seven-eighths of a mile, Campania won,
Clara Bauer second, Little Billy third. Time,
1:2S&
One mile, Frank Jaubert won. Hill Billy sec
ond, Bloomer third. Time, 1:41%.
One mile and a quarter, Scamp won, Pirate
second, Ondague third. Time. 2:29.
One mile, Alva won, Mrs. Bradshaw second,
Alto June third. Time, 1:42%.
In 'lvso Hounds.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Dec. 22.— 8i11y
Steffers knocked out Billy Chambers be*
fore the Nottingham Athletic Club to
night in two rounds.
Jack Retire* .From th* King.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22.— Jack Mc-
Auliffe has announced that he has retired
from the ring.
Ruby 8. Tilden Head.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Dec. 22,-Ruby S.
Tilden, daughter of Samuel J. Tilden's
brother, Henry A., and wife of Willis 8.
Paine of this city, died to-day at the age
of 36. Hers was one of two lives which
limited the term of the general trustees
under the Tilden will. Mrs. Paine's share
was something more than $400,000.
BARK JAMAICA
SUNK AT SEA
Twelve Passengers and All
of the Crew Are
Drowned.
Overwhelmed by a Gale Between
Campeshe and Vera
Cruz.
The Lifeboats Capsizi and Their Oc-
cupants Are Hurled Into
the S a.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec 22— The bark
Jamaica was lost off Dos Rasas, Tabasco,
on the 12th inst The Jamaica was on its
way from Campeche to Vfira Cruz, and
carreid sixteen passengers. The number in
thecrew is not known. The night after sail
ing from Campeche, a terrible norther
swept down the gulf, causing great loss to
shipping in the Mexican ports. Tbe
Jamaica received the full force of the
storm in the guif of Campeche and labored
greatly, on several occasions giving signs
of breaking up. But the night was
weathered througn and the next day
found the storm continuing with unabated
force.
So long as the ship remained in good
condition it was sent scudding along be
fore the wind toward Vera Cruz, and at
one time that port was sighted, but one
accident after another occurred to tbe
rigging.
With almost all the sails blown away,
the Jamaica turned and attempted to get
back into Campeche Bay, Dut without
success.
On the afternoon of the 12th the rudder
became disabled, throwing the vessel at
the mercy of the storm. The passengers
took to the boats, which were repeatedly
swamped. Most of the crew put on life
preservers and jumped into the sea. The
captain was one of these. He strapped
100 Mexican silver dollars upon him and
clineing to a barrel tried to reach shore.The
survivors saw him sink, owing to the
weight of tbe metal.
One passenger after another sank, the
boats proving unmanageable. Every mem
ber of the crew was drowned, and only
three men and a boy escaped of all the
passengers. The vessel sank soon after it
was abandoned.
CHASED BY UNION SEAMEN.
Captain of the Catherine Sudden Has
Troub c in Shipping a Non-
Union Crew.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 22.— The bark
entine Catherine Sudden was towed to
sea this morning under very exciting cir
cumstances. Captain F. E. Malhieson,
its master, had much trouble with tbe
Seamen's Union and several members hod
told him that he would never get out oi
port with non-union men in his crew.
They used every artifice to prevent him
from sitrning a crew, and it began to ap
pear as though he would have to give in ;
but he had been through the mill before,
and concocted a plan and completely out
witted his adversaries.
Captain Mathieson was short three men
and wired to San Francisco for them, ar
ranging for their passage on the steamer
Corona, which arrived lest night. He re
quested Captain Jepsen of the Corona to
slow down in entering the harbor so as to
allow a tug to run hlongside, and received
word from the Corona's master that he
would do so.
Then Captain Mathieson engaged the
tug Santa Fe, to tun alongside tbe
Corona, get the three sailors, convey them
to the Catherine Sudden and tow the latter
to sea. The arrival of the Corona was
anxiously awaited. Captain Mathieson
went on board the barkentine with a
friend. They carried two rifles and a
pistol to guard against attack. They saw
the lights of the Corona coming up the
bay.
As they were pulling away from the
wharf they spied two boats making alons
the Santa Fe wharf, Seven men were in
one boat and four or five in the other.
Captain Mathieson knew at once they
were union sailors. The business became
very exciting. The tug Santa Fe ran out
toward the Corona, saluted and received a
reply from the steamer. Tnere was some
tooting back and forth, while the boat
loads of union sailors skulked in the
shadows of the wharf. Th«n came a long
toot from the Santa Fe, announcing to
Captain Mathieson that his' sailors had
been safely transferred and were coming
up to the Sudden.
The Corona passed by and a moment
later the Sania Fe steamed past the
Santa Fe wharf. Then the two boats shot
out of the shadows aud gave chase. The
tug showed its heels to tne men in the
boats and dashed up to the Catherine
Sudden. A second later the lines were
made fast and the men ot the Sudden
were boosting tbe three sailors aboard and
throwing their bags and bag age after
them. The two mysterious boats hovered
as near as they dared, but Captain Math
ieson stood forward and his friend stood
aft, each with a cocked rifle, ready to
shoot
"Stand off, there," warned Captain
Mathieson. "I'll bore the first boat that
comes near."
A voice replied from one of the boats,
"You needn't shoot; we are not near
you.' 1
"No, and I don't want you to be," re
plied the captain. "Keep off and you
will keep out of trouble."
A wary watch was kept for surprises on
the other side, but only two boats were in
sight. Anchor had been weighed while
the Santa Fe was coming up the bay.
Within five minutes the tug had a line
and was towing the Sudden to sea. When
oatsfde Captain Mathieson delivered the
Catherine Sudden to his successor, Cap
tain Smith, and with his friend boarded
tne tug and returned to the City. The
barkentine is bound for Grays Harbor.
TT'S ALL JAW. DON'T LET THE
A druggist compel you to take a substi-
tute for Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla.
This remedy is pood for the blood, for the
liver— kidneys and bowels. Insist on get-
ting what you ask for, and get Joy's—
every time.
> ..... NEW TO-PAT— -CLOTHING.
1 O 3. vJOOQ ® ® m
- ■ i ■ .j;-- .' ' ■... ':: ' .-•■' ■....■'. ■ : ' ' ' ; i
Sized Crow. *
Flattered and Tickled |
ie over the success, the instantaneous success, with which our high-class &
Flattered and Tickled |
* the success, the instantaneous success, with which our high-class &
et. &
The people want high-class garments ; they are only too ready to buy &
md willingly do they buy 'em when they get 'em at a popular price. " ,O
j& ; We find ourselves placed in a peculiar condition a few days before X
2 Christmas, and our big stock loaded to the muzzle with $25, $2 $22 and &
2 $20 High- Class Suits and Overcoats, with but a few days left us to sell these JT
•£ High-Class Holiday Creations. They're the dressiest garments we have ever 2£
j& shown; the highest class fabrics we have ever shown. . Jf
X The people have taken to this sale with wonderful alacrity. These high- 2
2 class Suits, these high-class Overcoats, till closing time Thursday night at .
I $14.00. |
You have but to look for one moment in our Big Corner Window, where 3
~z we have exhibited these goods, and you'll recognize in an instant that our 3
£: claims have only been modest. ■ i. . 13
JiaiiujU^iiiJililllJitJiiilliiu.lJiUtWlUtlilUailiiilitiiiidUiiiiiiiiiiulUlWiintilUuiiiiiUlWlliil^
£ The Suits consist mainly of such dressy colorings that one wears for 3
£ evening, Sunday wear or on festive occasions. T ■: > ! : 3
zz You have the Prince Albert, you have the Cutaway, and you have the 3
ZZ Single-Breasted < Sack, all in fine Blues and Blacks, and some Mixtures 3
ZZ among 'em ; some Silk Lined Suits among 'em. These Suits have sold at 3
E: $25, $24, $22 and $20. You're offered the pick of any of 'em now at g
| $14.00.. 1
B W |l^ rr»3^«« Mwii^B 81 \|niy Xl . "~^°
£ The Overcoats are a rich lot. They're all high-class garments, all 3
IE dressy garments. Some awfully clever ones in' Blue and Black, lined 3
IE throughout with satin; awfully rich garments, awfully swell garments. fj|
£: .. There's some right clever Whip Cords in tan shades, in the box length 12
IE and medium length ; garments that you wouldn't hesitate at any time to 3
gj pay $25 for. r \: :,.]■ ■-...: -.',": '. . , ". -. : . -.■-;.. : ' ; l: .;• ! 3
Zz A simple gaze in our window will tell the tale more quickly and more 3
ZZ. to our advantage than all the sayings we can utter in print. 3
Zz To-day again at
1 $14.00. 1
(INOORPOR ATBD),
TI3CE FRISCO BOYS
9, XI, XS £txxd IS ZSLestx-xiy- Street.
ISLX3VTG- FX2NTJS FOR OVX2ROOATS.
34
PLEADING SANTA
MONICA'S CAUSE
Southern Pacific Engineers
Tell of the Harbor's
Advantages.
One of Their Own Witnesses
Contradicts Ex-Senator
Cole.
Huntington Promises Not to Mako
Use of His Special Privileges
if Successful.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 22.— The
first metaphorical tears in the great har
bor contest were shed this forenoon by
Chief Engineer Hood of the Southern Pa
cific. Hood resumed his presentation of
the Santa Monica case before the Harbor
Commission at the Chamber of Commerce
rooms at 10 o'clock. He explained how
easy and even delightful it would be to
build wharves in Santa Monica Bay after
a suitable breakwater were constructed
there. He assured the board that "in
building our wharf we builded better than
we tnew, and very much better than was
necessary. II we had only known what
still and placid waters we were in we could
have saved much money."
Hood has a happy faculty of turning
the most unpropitious circumstances into
good account and of making the worse
seem tbe better. When he was forced to
acknowledge that there were at long in
tervals dangerous swells at Port Los An
geles, he said:
"Well, there has been trouble on a few
occasions at the wharf, I will allow, but it
was perfectly satisfactory. I was actually
glad to realize that there was some activ
ity to the sea at that point." His conclu
sion was that if there never had been
trouble there, then, of course, no break
water would be necessary. "With a break
water there," he concluded, "ail seamen
will be satisfied with the port."
Hood is very unlike his confreree and
associate in this fight, Engineer Corthell, .
who modestly conceded that he had been
"retained." Hood speaks of the work of
the Southern Pacinc as "ours," so that his
presentation was literally punctuated with
"our," "us" and "we." He had, according
to his statement, on many occasions as
serted himself in a manner to make people
understand who and what he was. Wharf
Superintendent Jamison, who at one time
was trying to assist his superior, got into
deep water in recounting the trouble
which the steamer Corona had encoun
tered there. Hood went to his assistance,
saying:
"I can explain the whole matter. The
fault was in her master, Captain Hall,
who disobeyed my instructions and tiert
his vessel too short on a falling tide and
as his ropes could not sustain the weight
of the steamer they were, of course,
snapped 10 pieces. Then I notified Good
all, Perkins & Co. that if tbeir seamen
could not do as I said I should compel
them to keep away from our wharf. After
this I observed that Hall paid attention
to what I said," and with this Mr. Hood
took his seat with the air of a conqueror.
Pathos, however, is Engineer Hood's
specialty. At infinite pains this gentle
man explained what he and his company
had done at Santa Monica Bay; how they
had gone forward digging tunnels, buying
land, securing right of way, building
wharves — doing all these things, not for
themselves alone, but that the public
should share in the benefits. And now
himself and his company had agreed to
Jet the commerce of the world right into
"our" bay and harbor and "we" were
compelled by this bill 10 let in rival rail
ways and competition of every kind. In
a voice husky with emotion Hood said:
"Why, gentlemen, this is almost pater
nal."
The speaker pictured himself and Mr.
Huntington as the noblest of philanthro
pists of the age. There was one other in
stance in Hood's long recital where his
philanthropic feelings got the better of
him. When the Corona had its trouble at
Huntington's lons wharf the engineer
was particular to state that it had not
dared to make a landing at Redondo on
account of the dangerous swells. During
that storm a portion of the wharf there
had been washed away; "and, 1 said
Hood, his voice again indicating deep emo
tion, "I was very sorry for this mishap to
our friends down there." T&is was too
much for the spectators, who laugned
aloud.
It was evident to-day, as on yesterday,
that the Huntington popie have been
poorly coached for their several parts.
Ex-Benator Cole upset the catsup yester
day in telling Engineer Corthell that he
did not know what he was talking about
when he assertea that the residents of
this city had no business projecting them
selves into this fight.
Hood promptly called him to his seat,
and the ex-Senator acknowledged that he
was glad of it. To-day Captain Dornfield
got back at Senator Cole's frightful
sou'easter, which, according to the speak
er's statement yesterday wrought such
havoc at San Pedro during the past few
years. Dornfield, who has been a coast
seaman for many years and in charge of
the Lone Wharf as pilotmaster eversince
it was constructed, took the floor. The
members of the commission began plying
Qim with pointed questions regarding the
winds from the southeast. Dornfield de
scribed them at great length, and con
cluded by asserting that the real southeast
winds did little or no damage to shipping
in any of these southern ports. The
swells occasioned by the western winds
accompanying the natural sea waves was
what seamen most dreaded along this
coast. This was a compete knockout for
Cole, who looked daggers at the ship
master.
During bis talk Hood sneered at peti
tions. In view of the Southern Pacific
agents' discomfiture in forging sig
natures to petitions last sprint; and
getting caught at it, it is not to be won
dered at that they eschew such annoy ins;
documents. Notwithstanding the atti
tude of these gentlemen there are peti
tions a mile long ready to be submitted,
but they are all in favor of San Pedro and
are unpleasant reading for Huntington's
retained men.
Hood's moods are changeable. From
the feelings ol deep sympathy for the
Redondo Beach Railroad, which had lost
part of its wharf, he exclaimed in high
dudgeon that Port Lob Angeles had come
to stay, no matter where this appropria
tion was expended. "But," said he, "if
our offer is rejected now we can make it
interesting for opponents, who may want
our facilities in the future. The iact that
tbe Southern Pacific Company enjoys
certain privileges there does not mean a
monopoly."
In referring to marine insurance, Hood
eaid the rates were uniform all along the
coast south of San Francisco. Insurance
companies made no exceptions as to ves
sels that stopped at Santa Monica. It
was the intention of the Southern Pacific
Company, if a breakwater was constructed
by the Government, said Hood, to do a
large amount of filling at a point where
the wharf touched the shore, so that
more tracks and lumber-yards might be
located. It would also build other wharves
at which vessels could load and unload.
In reply to a question by Commissioner
Morgan, Hood said that after four years'
experience, if he were to rebuild the wharf
he would not change the location in tne
least. He told how admirably the piles
withstood the action of the waves. It had
been his experience at the wharf that he
never saw a wave that was more than four
feet from crest to trough.
Commissioner Morrison wanted to learn
something about the wharf that was pre
,viously built at Santa Monica. Hood said
he had been on the wharf in 1876. Heavy
swells prevailed at that point. It was not
a good place lor a wharf. It was built
more than twenty years ago and aban
doned some time between 1878 and 1882.
In answer to a question by Admiral
Walker, Hood said the proposed break
water at the Long wharf would be located
in seven fathoms of water.
Division Superintendent J. A. Muir was
the next gentleman to address the com
mission. With but one exception, he said,
the company had never had any difficulty
in handling business at the wharf. The
storm of March 2, 1896, did some damage
to the ship Dunboyne. Considerable com
ment had been made by a number of news
papers on the effect of the storm of Novem
ber 25 last. T.e facts of the case did not
justify these. During the storm the
steamer Santa Rosa would not touch at
Redondo, but it did stop at Port Los An
geles and experienced no great inconve
nience.
J. S. Slauson, who owns a large block of
Southern Pacinc stock, said he had been
one of the directors of ihe old Los Angeles
and Independence Railroad until it was
sold to the Southern Pn inc.
"When we built that road," said Mr.
Blanson, "we thought Los Angeles needed
a better harbor than thai found away
down at San Pedro. We built a wharf at
Santa Monica, Yankee fashion, knowing
nothing about waves, tides or winds. In
all tne time that the wharf stool but two
vessels ever failed to make a landing."
The wharf was sold to the Southern Pa
cific about a year and a half after its con
struction. Slauson said the city of Los
Angeles was building toward the Santa
Monica coast, and as a citizen he bad
thought that the deep-water harbor should
be located there.
Hood here stated that be had but little
more evidence to offer. Ho would like to
introduce Captain Alexander of the
steamer Santa Rosa and two other cap
tains to-morrow when his side would
close.
HE SCOFFS AT DISEASE.
Dr. Powell Again Submits to Inoculation
With Deadly Tuberculosis
Germs.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec 22. — Dr.
Thomas Powell to-day submitted for the
second time to bacteriological tests in a
way that astounded his fellow-physicians.
Placing himself entirely at the commands
of somo twenty-five physicians present he
first inhaled the dried sputum of a woman
known to be far gone with pulmonary
tuberculosis. The sputum had been pre
viously examined by a professed bacteri
ologist and microscopist, Professor A. J.
McClatchie, late of Throop University,
who pronounced the matter to be loaded
with the bacilli tuberculosis. The quan
tity of the viscid matter was then mixed
with distilled water and injected by one
of tbe physicians into the cellular tissue
over the abdomen. A number of promi
nent physicians and sureeons were pres
ent, and all expressed themselves entirely
satisfied with the thoroughness of the
test.
Since the days of Pettenkofer, who pro
posed to do what Dr. Powell is doing and
nearly killed himself by injecting into
himself some spiriellium of cholera, only
one otner man i 3 known to have tried it,
and he promptly killed himßelf with diph
theria bacilli.
Dr. Powell was inoculated with diph
theria yesterday, and for the last public
test to-morrow will be thoroughly inocu
lated with typhoid fever germs and, if
they can be obtained, glanders germs.
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC SALE.
Judge Ross Orders a Foreclosure and the
Disposal of the Line to the Highest
Bidder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 22.— Judge
E. M- Ross in the Circuit Court to-day
issued a decree of foreclosure and sale of
the Atlantic and Pacific Railway in the
suit of the United States Tnut Company
of New York against the Atlantic and
Pacific, Tppeka and Santa Fe and St. Louis
and San Francisco railways, their re
ceivers, the Mercantile Trust Company
and the Boston Trust Company.
The foreclosure is for a mortgage of
$16,000,000 in bonds and nearly $3,000,000
interest. The decree authorizes the com
plainant to deduct $83,823 50 collected by
it trom sales of land among the land
holders pro rata. It then orders the sale
of the railway to be made by Owen N.
Marron, special master in the case. Ti.e
sale is to be at Gallup, N. M., at the pas
senger station, at a day and hour to be
fixed by Master Marron. No bid is to be
considered unless accompanied by a certi
fied check for $100,000.
IN JAIL FOR FORGENT
Son of General Alford of Tex at Pastes
a JBogui Draft.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Dec. 22.— Allen
G. Alford, son ol General George F.
Alford of Texas, is in the City Jail
charged with attempting to defraud the
California National Bank. He deposited
there a $1000 draft. Then he drew $100,
and later $500 more. That aroused the
suspicion of the bank people, and a tele
gram was sent to Philadelphia, where it
was discovered that the draft was a for
gery. A warrant was at once issued and
later Detective Bradish arrested the man.
He is 26 years of age.
Turrit/ Released on Bail.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Dec. 22.— W. T.
Furay, the alleged poisoner of his mother
in-law, Mrs. Kelley, was to-day released
on $500 bail. The District Attorney be
lieves there is little evidence to back up
the charge. His examination was con
tinued to January.
ATTEMPTED ROBBERY AT BODEGA.
Masked Bandit Enters a Store, but Is Put
to Flight by the Plucky
Proprietor.
BEBASTOPOL* Cal., Dec. 22.— A bold
attempt was made about 9 o'clock to-night
to rob Goodman & Co.'s general merchan
dise store at Bodega, a small village west
of this place. In addition to conducting a
merchandise store the firm is engaged in
the banking business to some extent,
and the highwayman had undoubtedly
planned for a big Haul.
Goodman was in the act of closing the
safe for the night when he was suddenly
confronted by a masked robber who had
entered tnrough the rear door of the
building. The intruder flourished a pis
tol and commanded the proprietor to hold
up his hands. Instead of complying with
the request Goodmau made a rush for the
robber, who fired one shot and then fled
through the door by which he ha 1 en
tered, but in dashing out he struck Good
man a severe blow on the head, rendering
him almost unconscious. It is believed
the injury will not prove serious.
At the latest account the outlaw was
heading for Queenstown. A posse was
formed and is searching the hills in tn is
neighborhood. It is expected that the
robber wiil be taken dead or alive before
morning.
A life often bangs In the balance, because,, a
slight cold" has been suffered to turn chronic,
when a prompt resort tv Dr. D. Jayne's Expecto
rant would have inraed the scale.
If bilious, take Jayne'a Painless Sanative Pills.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 53, 1896.
WOES OF AN AGED
STOCKTON COUPLE
Elizabeth Benton Brings
Suit in a Divorce
Court.
The Husband of Whom She Has
Tired Is Ninety-One
Years Old.
Accuses Him of Extreme Cruelty
and Failure to Provide for
H«r Wants.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 23.— A unique
divorce suit came up before Judge Eudd
to-day. It was the case of Elizabeth Ben
ton against T. M. Benton. The white
haired defendant is 91 years of age, but
despite the fact that he has been a seem
ingly dutiful nusband since 1874 he was
charged with all sorts of indignities to his
wife, for which she demanded alimony
and a separation.
In the complaint the wife claims that
her gray-haired and gray-bearded hus
band has been guilty of extreme cruelty,
as well as negligent in providing lor her
welfare. He is averred to have charged
her with stealing his property; of calling
her vile names and applying opprobious
epithets to her; of refusing to allow her
children to live with her; of ransacking
her trunks, and of neglecting to supply
her with suoh help as her years and physi
cal condition demanded.
This morning's session of the court was
consumed in establishing those allega
tions. It appeared that David Benton,
the old man's son, was tbe cause of a
large share of the trouble between the
couple. He told his father that the old
lady was stealing wheat, and led him to
where the sacks had been piled. Johnnie
Davidson, a hired man, is alleged to have
made lots of trouble also. He was said to
have ransacKed her wardrobe and bureau
drawers, taken a detailed account of all
her wearing apparel and told how many
yards of unmade up goods she had, how
many silk stockings, how many dresses
and how many suits of underwear she
had.
CHICKEN THIEVES CAPTURED
Officer* lireak Up a Gang That Foraged
on San Joaquin Jlanehe*.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 22.— Deputy
Sheriff Robinson returned from Madera
to-day with George Roberts, alias James
Owen, who has been wanted here for some
time for his connection with wholesale
thefts of chickens and turkeys. One week
ago Roberts hired a rig, and, in company
with Cary Peck, one of the thieving party,
started out on a foraging expedition. They
succeeded in securing twenty-five chickens
and turkeys, but when they raided the
henroost of the McKintosn ranch, east of
here, they were detected. McKintosh and
his employes gave chase on horseback.
When the thieves were close pressed
they abandoned their rig and the stolen
fowls and took to the fields. Peck was
captured and told what he knew of tne
operations of his comrades. His arrest
was kept secret by the authorities in the
hope of arresting the others, and Roberts
was taken at Madera to-day. Tnis breaks
up an organized gang which has been op
erating in this section for the past month.
Sentenced to Folsoin.
STOCKTON, Cal., Dec. 22.— Harry
Bryant, arrested at Berenda a week ago
under the name of Harrison by Sheriff
Cunningham on a charge of stealing a
horse and buggy from Reynolds & Turner,
liverymen of this city, pleaded guilty to
day before Judge Smith. He claimed he
was intoxicated and did not know what he
was doing when he committedi tted the theft.
Judge Smith thought a term in prison
would cure Bryant of his love for intoxi
cants, so be sentenced him to two and a half
years in San Quentin.
RELEASED FROM SEATTLE'S JAIL
Chun Moi, Wife of a Rich Chinese Mer
chant Wins the Fight Against
Deportation.
SEATTLE, Wash., Dec. 22.— Chune B.
Gee, or Chun Moi, the second wife of Gee
Lee, the Chinese merchant who in his best
days was worth $350,000, was released
from the county jail this morning by
order of Judge Hanford. She will not go
back to China, although Judge Hanford
made an order several months ago direct
ing that she be deported. In dismissing
Mrs. Gee Lee the court made a new order
which will render the original one null.
Never has such a fight been made for a
Chinese woman in the Nortli west as that
for Mrs. Gee Lee. Judge Burke was her
counsel. The case came np almost a year
ago. The Government officers arrested
Mrs. Lee, although she had a certificate
showing that she was the wife of Gee Lee.
Shortly before her arrest Gee Lee, when
called on to say which of two women in
his house was his wife, swore that Chune
B. Gee was not his wife.
Por that icason the Government officers
Chune B. Gee into custody, alleging that
as she was not a wife she did not have a
good certificate and was not entitled to re
main in the United States. The case was
tried before Judge Hanford, and the
woman was ordered deported to China.
Since then her counsel has been working
hard on the case, and Gee Lee has spent
much money in the woman's bebalf. She
secured her release to-day by proving to
Judge Hanford satisfactorily that while
she may not be the wife of Gee Lee she
was born in the United States, and there
fore it is not necessary for her to have a
certificate.
Three Chinese merchants swore that she
was born in San Francisco. Two of them
made affidavits to that effect before a Ban
Francisco notary, ana the third came
north and was on the witness-stand this
morning.
His name is Chin Shing, and he is the
oldest Chinaman who ever came to this
city. He is said to be 81 years of age and
wealthy. He swore this morning that he
knew the prisoner from the time she was
a little girl, and was positive that she was
born in the United States. Her father
was Toy Ah Gock, and for a number of
years was a resident of San Francisco,
whire he kept a store on Dupont street.
He and bis wife went back to China in
1892, just two years after Ghune Gee came
north with Gee Lee. The witness would
not swear that she was married to Gee
Lee, but swore that the latter bought lier
and brought her north.
SANG FOR SWEET CHARITY
Large Audiences Bear , the . Rendition of '
V Handel's "The Alctiiah."
SAN JOSE. Cal., Dec. 22. —Larce audi
ences heard i : the ; rendition • of ,' Handel's
great oratorio, "The Messiah," at the First
Methodist Churcn this evening and last
night , for the benefit of : the Associated
Charities of this city. The solos were ex
• i ■>■: -" ' _^_^ J- • ' i fj _ . '^l'_. -.-.- J1 .;.. '^^^3^W^JTO-pAY--PR.Y 'GOODS'- ' ' *__["' '''_. --- r '^ J -.^'_.J., J .-s^r,.^ nJ -^-,.,-rs.-.^--.-'--~ ~-'- ' -" "- ""'- 1
— s*sOr*«
To bring our great and overwhelmingly successful Holiday
Sale to a fitting close by disposing of every dollar's worth of
Special Holiday Goods before Christmas the following and count-
less other equally choice lines are offered at
PRICES THAT SHREWD BUYERS WILL APPRECIATE!
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS!
LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
ci/ . EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
to I HANDKERCHIEFS, new designs,
01.o l. \ extra values, will be placed on sale
-* oc> ' at B»^c, 10c, 12}£c. 15c, 20c and 25c
• each.
• LADIES WHITE HEMSTITCHED
25c) AND SCALLOPED EMBROID-
to > ERED SHEER LINEN HAND-
S 3.) KERCHIEFS, latest designs, will be
placed on sale , at 25c, 50c, 75c, $1,
if L 50, $2, $2 50 and $3 each.
LADIEB' WHITE HEM-
IOc) STITCHED LINEN HANDKER-
to V CHIEFS, 14, land 1)4 inch hem,
Stic.) sterling values.will be offered at 10c,
k r v ■ ■•• ; 12>£c, 15c, 20c. 25c, 35c and 50c each.
. REAL - DUCHESSE LACE
7«c (HANDKERCHIEFS, a band-
to . -<Kome present, special values, at
£12.50 (75c. $1. $1 50, $2, $2 50, $3, $350,
$4 50, $5, $6, $7 50, $8 50, $10 and
. $12 50 each.
. . LADIES' HEMSTITCHED
$1.00 f ALL-LTNEN HAND-EM-
to INITIAL
$2.00 (HANDKERCHIEFS, half doz.
r •■'>•• in fancy box, $1, $150 and $2; a
, . useful present. ; :.v^t
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
Novelties in LACE. CHIFFON, , MOUS-
SELINE DE SOIE AND RIBBON
COLLARETTES, FRONTS, JABOTS,
AND RUFFLES, at very low prices.
CHILDREN^ WEAR. .;'.
CHILDREN'S COATS, from 1 to
At (4 years, made of navy, red and
C'f) FLA -{blue nisgerhead material, fin-
sUtt)v (ished with square collar, trim-
med with fur, will be sold at
$2 60 each.
. CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESS-
At (ES, Ito 4 years, made of fine
$1 r A i w ! lite Nainsook, yoke finished
$i»wv (with tucks, ruffle and embroid-
ery, will be sold at $1 50.
UfU' Murphy Building, /
-> - .Market aid -Jones Streets.
quisitely rendered by the vocalists, and
the grand chorus of 100 voices aroused
much enthusiasm and admiration. Music
was under the direction of Professor J. H.
Howe of San Francisco. The soloists were
Mme. Yda de Senunario, Homer Henley
and Frank Coffin of San Francisco and
Mias Carrie Foster McLellan of San Jose.
F. Loui King accompanied the vocalise s
upon the pipe organ and Miss Ada
Churchill upon the oiaiio.
Crack Cycler* to Race.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 22.— Floyd Mc-
Farland has accepted the challenge issued
by Otto ZieglerJr. for a series of match
races on the Garden City Cyclers' track of
this city, the distances to be one, two and
five miles respectively, with pace-makers,
for a purse of $1000. The riders will prob
ably meet in a few days and sign articles
of agreement.
PORTLAND'S GALLANT FOOTPAD.
Refuses to Permit His Companion to Rob
a Woman of Her Valu
ables.
PORTLAND, Ob., Dec. 22.— 1. G. Purdin
and wife, living at 301 Eugene street, Up
per Albina, were confronted by two
masked men last evening. Each leveled
a revolver at them and ordered them to
hold their hands above their heads and
keep quiet. They obeyed orders, as they
had no desire to be perforated with cole 1 ,
lead for the sake of a few dollars. One of
the fellows handed to his confederate his
revolver and proceeded to search Mr. Pur
din's pockets, from which he took $7.
"I guess I'll go through the woman,
now," said the searching robber, after
completing his work on Mr. Purdin.
"No, you don't!" exclaimed the other
thief, greatly to the surprise of the vic
tims: "I've got a mother and won't stand
in with the robbery of a woman."
This Bentiment on the part of the in
active thief saved Mrs. Purdin about $4
that she had in her dress pocket. After
being allowed to go on their way the
robbed couple lost no time in visiting the
office of Chief of Police Robertson, to
whom they narrated tbeir adventure, with
the assurance that they could identify the
robbers were they to see them again. This
morning Detective Welsh arrested G. L.
Bernard on suspicion of being implicated
in the robbery. The Purdins subsequently
visited the City Jail and at a glance posi
tively identified the suspect as being one
of the two men who halted them last
night.
JJefentire fleet for Japan.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 22.— A com
pany with a capital of 20,000,000 yen i 3
being organized in Japan to provide a
fleet for defensive purposes. It is pro
posed to build ihree ships of 6000 tons,
with a speed of twelve knots; six ships of
3000 tons, with a speed of seventeen knots;
fourteen of over lourteen knots speed and
eight other smaller steamers. During
times of peace it is intended that the
boats shall be utilized in the mercantile
Bervice on the American and Australian
lines and between Japan and China,
Korea and Formosa. Application for a
charter will be made to the' Government
immediately and the construction of the
boats pushed forward with all possible
speed.
San Rafael Accident.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Dec. 22.— Garl
Barstow, son of the editor of tbe Marin
Journal, met with a shotgun accident at
noon to-day. With' a companion he was
duck-hunting. While climbing over a
fence his clothing caught on a nail. He
fell and the gun was discharged. Tlie
charge took effect in his thigh. No bones
are broken and it is hoped it is only a flesh
wound.
JEighty-Kight Pages.
Xmas News Letter. Only 15 cents.
BOOKS! BOOKS!
At 500 12mo BOOKS, cloth bound, all
1r« the latest authors, value 25c, will
I V\j be offered at 15c.
At 300 LARGE-SIZE BOOKS, consist-
ftcr« ing of the History of the United
uu\j States. African Travelers, etc., value
50c, will be offered at 25c.
At 100 GRIMM'S FAIRY TALES,
or a heavy cloth . covers, value $1, will
Vo\j be off ered at 65c.
GAMES! GAMES!
At We are offering all the
Mp r J« A LATEST GAMES: includ-
-111115 ing LOUISA. BASEBALL,
• ,ir. :■ L a YACHT RACE, etc., at
half price.
MACKINTOSHES.
CHILDREN'S MACKIN-
At TOSHES, in navy and mixed
$9 AA colors, value $3, will be offered
$U*VV at $2. ■•■
' ■ LADIES' DOUBLE TEXTURE
At MACKINTOSHES, in navy and
* C A A black, value $7 50, will be offered
$eI.VV at $5.
LADIES' 2- CAPE MACKIN-
At TOSHES, in navy and black,
4r/l AA velvet collar, value $8 50, will be
$O.VV offered at $6.
At LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, In
tf«Q f A tan, (2 capes), velvet collar,
(fa.clv value $12, will be offered at $8 50.
e^ STORE OPEN EVENINGS FOR BALANCE OF HOLIDAY SEASON.
If If Murphy Building, f
Market aoi Jones Streets.
REDWOOD CITY MYSTERY.
Body of a South San Francisco Suicide
Held to Await Identifica
tion.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Dec. 22.— The
body of an unknown suicide was brought
from South San Francisco to Redwood
City to-day by Coroner James Crowe, at
whose undertaking rooms it now lies
awaiting; identification. The dead man
was found at South San Francisco last
night with a bullet-hole in bis light tem
ple. The temple is powder-burned. The
suicide is a man about 24 or 25 years of
age, smooth shaven, 5 feet 6 inches tall
and weighs about 155 or 160 pounds.
When found he wore a dark coat and vest
and drab trousers, and had on a striped
open-front stiff shirt and a No. 15J^ turn
down collar of the same material. The
collar bears a laundry-mark which could
not be deciphered. He also had on a
yellow undershirt and wore a pair of No.
7 shoes. Around his collar was a
crocheted four-in-hand tie of a pink mate
rial. By the suicide was found a five
chambered 38-caliber bulldog revolver,
self-cocking. Four of the chambers were
loaded, the fifth having been discharged.
The revolver is almost new and has
scratched on it the name of "P. Otto."
On his person was found a white handker
chief and a memorandum-book. The only
entry in the book was the following, made
in lead pencil:
Pleaso don't try to find out who I am. If
you want to do me a favor, bury me la some
spot.
\Coroner Crowe will hold the body for
identification for a day or two.
TRAGEDY AT PASADENA.
Mrs. John Gales, an Invalid, Commits
Suicide by Drowning in a
Reservoir.
PASADENA, Cal., Dec. 22.— One of the
most tragic events ever occurring in the
neighborhood of Pasadena was the sui
cide at 7 o'clock thin morning of Mrs.
Gales by drowning in tbe reservoir south
of the Raymond ;hilL She was the wife
of John Gales, foreman of the Raymond
Improvement Company's ranch. The
young woman had been ailing for some
time, and in fits of despondency fre
quently made threats of taking her life.
She resided with her husband and mother
in-law just across the road from the reser
voir.
Mr. Gales' mother was the first to miss
the unfortunate woman, as her husband
had gone from the house early in the
morning, and had left his wife apparently
asleep. Mrs. Gales, not finding her
daughter-in-law in the house, became
alarmed and informed her son of hia
wife's absence. Mr. Gales began a search,
and his attention was attracted by a white
apron on the bank of the reservoir. The
husband got assistance and discovered
the body in the reservoir.
Mrs. Gales had always lived happily
with her husband and ill health is the
onJy reason assigned for her suicide. She
was but 29 years old, and came from
Waterloo, lowa, about three years ago.
She had then married but two years.
KILLED AT VENTURA
A San Franciscan Meet* Death While
Stealing thickens.
VENTURA, Cal., Dec. 22. —Jacob Cag
naccio heard a disturbance in his chicken
house, at the rear of his residence, last
night. On investigation he found two
men within killing chickens. He claims
that he ordered them out, but that they
overpowered him and escaped, dropping
four dead chickens as they ran. He gave
the alarm, and Constable Russell, who
lives on the opposite side of the street, ran
out and arrested a tramp named James
Burk as one of the men.
At daylight this morning the body of
an ue known man was found inside the
LEATHER GOODS!
LADIES' BLACK LEATHER SHOP-
PING BAGS, in ail the new styles,
excellent value at 25c, 40c, 50c, 60c, 75c,
$1, $1 25, $1 50. $1 75, $A $225, $2 50 and
$3 each.
LADIES' PURSES AND COMBINA-
TION CARD CASES, in an unlimited
variety of styles, colors and qualities;
Coin "Purses from 5c to 75c; Black
and Colored Card Cases 50c to %'l 50,
and Sterling Silver Mounted Black
and Colored Combination Cases from
75c to $5 each.
Black Real Ostrich Feather Boas.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES— 2O inch, finest qual-
ity of Feathers, with Ribbon ties, $2,
$2 50, $3, $3 75, $4, $4 50, $5, $6, $7 50,
$3 50 each ; 36-inch, $5 75, $6, $7 50, $9
and $10 each; 45-inch, $10. $11 50,
$12 50, $13 50 each; 54-inch, $13 50, $15
and $18 each. Each one boxed in a
handsome Xmas box.
FUR-HEAD NECK SCARFS, In all qual-
ities and styles; Blactc Coney, 75c and
$1; Musfcrat, $landslso; Real Mink,
$4 and $5, and Real Black Marten, $3,
$4, $5, $8 and $7 50 each.
CHILDREN'S FIIX SETS!
CHILDREN'S FUR SETS (muff and tip-
pei), Imt. Ermine 75c, Imt. Lvnx"sc,
Gray Hare $1, White Angora $1 75 and
$2 50, and White Thibet (muff and
head scarf) at f2 50, $3, $3 50 per set.
JAPANESE SILK TIDIES.
At JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, hand
QKa painted, value 50c, will be offered
O«lC at 35c each. _
At JAPANESE SILK TIDIES, hand-
flr. embroidered, value $1, will be of-
• «)C fered at 75c cash.
If (/ Murphy Building, #
Marie! and Jones Sfreeti
fence, 100 feet from the chicken-house.
His throat had been cut, evidently with a
stiletto. At the inquest Burk identified
the deceased as Martin Gordan, a sign
writer from San Francisco, where his fam
ily resides.
Cagnaccio, under oath, swore positively
that when knocked down by the thieves
in the chicken-house he made no resist
ance, but called for help, when the thieves
ran. The jury returned a verdict of death
by a knife wound at the hands of a party
or parties unknown.
JOINS A SPOKANE CHURCH.
Osmond Day, Notorious in San Francisco,
Says He Will Become a
Minister.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec 22.— Osmond
Day, at one time a notorious character in
San Francisco, last evening walked up to
the pulpit of the People's United
Church and joined the church, announc
ing that he would at once take the pulpit
in the interest of that sect. At tnis state
ment the large audience joined in praises
to God. The People's United Church is
an organization lately formed, the founder
being David N. Mclnturff, who a year ago
caused a split and great dissension in the
First Methodist Church, of which he was
the pastor. He has been a leader in all
sensational moral reforms in the city and
is now heading a Sunday-closing crusade.
Day came to Spokane six or eight
NEW TO-DAT.
nrf^RESWXWEEKT
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt flakes a Record of Quick
Cures. Read This Letter.
'ij^^jC^^^X^^^^ijj San Francisco, December 20, 1896.
"^y^C^^^S^i^^^L " W HEN I HASED YOUR BELT
r^^yf^4^im On week ajro I nad not had a Eood
\\£T . Db Sandens^ i£jrj nignt ' 3 re3t for six years. I would lie in
I ffcgbV' " «£ i* CTRIC BcL \x^J>tffflH bed and .toa's frOm side to side, enable to
WQrJ^^^^W^^^j™ get to sleep. The second night' I used
your belt I slept all right.'and' have rested
'^ a^Bto!§L2— J^S? l \} ;. ":-:• ■..- well every night since. I was so nervous
TSV^^E^yV/y* when I bought the belt I could hardly
write my name, and ad been that way for several years. I would feel diz-
zy when walk- ,£#l>j& ingi and waB very excitable. All these symptoms are
already gone; •2»^'^*l:S' and c belt has really performed wonders for me. ■
:. **&&&■ J. F.-LTJCAS,
119 Third street, San Francisco.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Is • the grandest electrical invention of modern times for the
good of humanity. '.It is far superior to any other contrivance
for the cure of disease. It is quick, safe and certain in its
health-giving action, and cures after drugs have been used with-
out success. Its life-giving current saturates the weakened parts
with animal magnetism, expands and invigorates the vital forces
and removes the effects of early mistakes, exposure and ex-
cesses. It cures all nervous troubles, kidney and stomach com-
plaints, rheumatism, lame back, etc., after medicine fails.
. Read Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of Men." It is free closely
sealed by mail, or at office. , ; .. . Xl a lree ciosel J
S-A-3Ml3E!2>a' aSXj^ESOTH.XO C 30.,
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
■ v Office hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.*; Sundays. 10 to 1" Los Ansel »« omca 204 South Broad-
way; I'ortland. Or.. 253 Washington street. Angeles Office 204 South Broad-
NOTE.-Make no mistake in the number— QSS Market street.
SILK UMBRELLAS.
LADIES' SILK GLORIA TJM-
• At f BRELLAS, ' with handsome
$0 AA Dresden handles, value $3 50.
$4tUU will be offered at $2. r .
LADIES' SILK GLORIA UM-
At BRELLAS. with Dresden or
$0 r A pearl Handles, will be offered at
$£*t)V $2 50. .
GENTLEMEN'S SILK TJM-
At BRELLAS, 28-inch, natural
$9 Bt handles, steel rods, value $6,
$Oi<t) will be offered at $3 75.
LADIES' KID GLOVES!
175 dozen 4-BUTTON UNDRESSED
KID GLOVES, large buttons, col-
ors mode, tan, slate and brown, all
sizes, regular price $1, on special
sale at 59c a pair.
59c
168 dozen 4- BUTTON KID
At GLOVES, embroidered backs and
HZ* large buttons, colors tan, brown and
Iwt modes, also blacK, all sizes, regular
price $1 25, on special sale at 75c a
pair.
At 143 dozen 5-HOOK KID GLOVES,
rz fi black only, all sizes, regular price
I vKi $1 25, on special sale at 75c a pair.
103 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH
At WALKING GLOVES, in dark
*t1 AA anc * medium shades of reds and
$I.VV browns, worth $1 50, will be on
sale at $1 a pair.
100 dozen 4-BUTTON GENUINE
At FRENCH KID GLOVEP, em-
&l AA broidered back and laree but-
sltVv tons, in dark, medium and tan
shades, also black, regular price
$1 50, on special sale at $la pair.
WV Murphy Building, ■/
Mariet and Jones SWi
months ago, going to work as a singer in
the Louvre Concert Hall, where he waa
not a great success. Since being in the
city, up to the last few weeks, he has been
a hanger-on around the variety theater
and disorderly houses. It is said he had
a wife with him when he first came to
Spokane. A few weeks ago he stopped
one evening to hear the Volunteer Army
on the street, and when one of the sisters
had finished an address he walked In
among them and announced bis intention
of becoming a volunteer.
Not over a couple of weeks ago Day
made an attempt 10 win back bis wife,
who is now said to be in Rossland, B. C.
He caused a telegram to be sent her by a
friend, staging that he had tried to kill
himself on her account. This did not
have the effect hoped for. Those who
knew him in San Francisco have no good
word for him and do not believe that his
conversion is bona fide.
Escaped From Foltotn Friion.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Dec. 22.-M3tover
nor Budd this morning issued a requisi
tion to the State of Utah for the extradi
tion of Albert Pico, now in the Utah State
prison. Pico escaped from Folsom prison
after nearly completing a three-year sen
tence for embezzlement. Since his escape
he has served two terms in Utah. His
second term will be completed in a few
days, when he will be brought back to
Folsom.
In Italy there are more theaters in pro
portion to the population than in any
other country.When We Shout Bargains
1 llCj lv Oil! dj 111 Ol^llLi
Those who have been hoodwinked into buying Shoddy Goods (at a big profit) through the fake advertisements of those
"Qreengoods" men of the clothing fraternity are invited to come and inspect our GREAT AND
BONA FIDE BARGAINS in the Finest Clothing obtainable on this continent.
MEN'S FINE AND RICHLY TAILORED
SUITS AND OVERCOATS
SLAUGHTERED.
(>C^ C\EL Will now buy MEN'S SUITS
3)v)iV/O AND OVERCOATS made to sell
at $12.50. . \
CSyf\ r\d Will now buy MEN'S ALL-
3>y.yo WOOL SUITS AND OVER-
COATS made to sell at $18.
Cl> 1 O r\EZ Will now buy MEN'S HIGH-
iDIZ.yO CLASS DRESS SUITS AND
OVERCOATS made to sell at $20,
$22 and $25.
MEN'S PANTS
BELOW COST.
m i Qfr Buys MEN'S ALL-WOOL PANTS, worth
M)l«v7O $3.00.
q>n QC Buys MEN'S ALL-WOOL PANTS, worth
$^.^0 $5.00.
mo Qr Buys MEN'S ALL-WOOL PANTS, worth
M>O*v?O $6.00.
Latest Style Hats at Less Than
the Factory Prices.
CASH ONLY
Buys at these prices, deal-
ers not excepted. No dis=
counts given even to the
trade.
DUNHAM SLEPT
AT THEIR RANCH
Valiecitos Valley Farmers
Claim They Saw the
Fugitive.
Send a Courier to San Diego to
Summon Officers to the
Scene.
Detective Ellsworth Hastens to Sacra*
mento for Extradition
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Dec. 22.— Lino Lopez
arrived to-day from Valiecitos Valley,
fifty miles south of here, with a message
to Detective Ellsworth from his brother,
Elmer Ellsworth, who is farming at Valie
citos. Lopez failed to find the detective,
as the latter is at Sacramento, or due to
arrive there, in quest of requisition papers
authorizing him to enter Lower California
on the search for murderer James C. Dun
bam. It was on this business that Lopez
came up from Lower California.
"Night before last, 7 ' Lopez said to-day,
"a stranger came to our ranchhouse at
Valiecitos and asked for something to eat.
He was ready to pay for it. He would not
come into the house, but stood at the
doorway while food was handed out to
him. He acted rather suspiciously, but I
thought nothing of it especially until he
was seen afterward in the barn. He asked
permission to sleep in the barn and, oi
course, ihe request was granted.
"Elmer Ellsworth was in the Jhouse
when the man called. He had a good
look at him in the lamplight in the door
way. After the man had cone to the barn
Ellsworth got out a printed picture of
Murderer Dunham and we all looked at it.
bure enough it was the same man, except
that the stranger with us had no mus
tache; but as the man did not seem to
have any firearms and was neat in his
manner and not at all desperate in action
or appearance, we had some doubts and
agreed to take another look at him. So
we scrutinized the photograph closely
and then made ready to go and look at
the man, under a pretext that we were
afraid the hay might catch fire.
"We procured a lantern and went to
the barn, keeping in mind tne looks of the
man in the photograph. The stranger
was lying on a pile of hay and we ap
proached. He got up and waited for us,
but showed no sign of fear. Ellsworth
carried the lantern and spoke to the fel
low about the danger of fire and so on,
and then suddenly thrust the lantern up
and threw the light squarely in his face.
The man stared a second and then put his
haftd up over his face and turned partly
away. But only a second was needed for
us to get a look that was indelfbly im
pressed upon us. The man was Dunham
or the printed photographs lie.
"Ellsworth and I talked the matter over,
but decided that we could do nothing. As
Dunham is free in Mexico, and we had no
right to hold him, we might have got into
serious trouble if we had taken the law
into our own hands. We were too far
from the line to tbintc oi running the risk
of hustling him across. The only thing to
do was to come up here ;ind get requisi
tion papers as quickly as possible, anu put
the officers on Dunham's trail. That's
why I am here.
'•The man seemed to be heading south
when he was in our neighborhood. Yes
terday morning he offered to pay for his
food and lodcing, and then struck south
in the direction of Ensenada. We did not
see any signs of firearms on him. He was
very silent, and did not say a word except
wnen addressed."
It is not known here whether Detective
Eltsnorth has secured adeputyshipornot,
but he has probably succeeded, or he
would find diffi-ultyin securing requisi
tion papers. With the papers he will
probably goto Eusenada direct and work
with the Mexican officers in hunting for
Dunham.
SPORANE COURTSDOM TRAGEDY.
Attempted .-uiriile of » Woman Sound
Ouilty of Arnault.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec 22.— Mrs. J. H.
Barnes, an elderly lady found guilty of
assault on a neighbor in the Municipal
Court to-day, tried to commit suicide in
the courtroom. She had some trouble
with Mrs. Anderson and was arrested.
She admitted having struck Mrs. Ander
son, and the Judge gave her the lowest
fine, $5. She said nothing until after
court had adjourned, when no one but the
Judge, clerk and ban.ff were in the room.
Suddenly sue jumped up, nulled off her
hat and veil, and, j irking a knife from her
pocket, tried to cut tier throat. Bailiff
Holmes was too quick for her. He grasped
tbe knife in time to prevent tier from
doing herself injury. Later in the day,
when the officer tried to put her in jail,
she created another scene. She is a poor
woman, and unless friends come to her
rescue will have to remain in jail.
Stanford Musician* lirpnrt.
UNIVERSITY, Cal.. Dec.
22. — The Glee and Mandolin clubs left t.
day for their trip through tlie Northwest.
The men all get away soruewhat early, as
the vacation doesn't be pin untii Wednes
day afternoon. The musical clubs will be
absent about two weeks.
THE SAN FRASTCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
WE NEVER ADVERTISE A LIE.
Richly Tailored and Reliable Clothing at a Big Genuine Reduction in Price is
the cause of the Phenomenal Rush of business to our store since
our GREAT SACRIFICE SALE first commenced.
THE SHEPHERD BOY AND THE WOLF.
A SHEPHERD BOY who watched a flock of sheep near a village brought out the villagers three or four times by crying
out "Wolf! Wolf!" ana when his neighbors came to help him laughed at them for their pains. The wolf, however, did truly
come at last. The shepherd boy, now really alarmed, shouted in agony of terror: "Pray, do come and help me! The wolf is
killing the sheep!" But no one paid any heed to his cries nor rendered any assistance. The wolf, having no cause of fear, took
it easily, lacerated and destroyed the whole flock.
MORAL— is no believing a liar, even when he speaks the truth. — JEsop's Fables.
We have never cried "Wolf!" unless there was one in sight, and in answer, when the
people have turned out they've always found something to justify our shouting. .
U .. <■ — 1 — .5
' * — — — ■ ■ r■— . . . * ~~^
Now Dispensing the Best Clothing at Shoddy Prices,
CORNER KEARNY AND SUTTER STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
SET A FIGURE
ON HUMAN LIFE
This Serious Charge Made
Against a Respected
Fresnoite.
Accused of Having Hired One
Man to End the Career
rt Another.
His Friends Declare That He Is
Bsing Persecuted by a
Blackmailer.
FRESNO, Cal., Dec. 22.— A profound
sensation was caused to-day when it be
came generally known that the Grand
Jury, which will convene next Monday,
will have submitted to it what is claimed
to be positive evidence that Charles
Schweizer, the Mariposa-street harness
dealer, paid a man $1500 to murder Solo
mon Lehmann, who was running a saw
mill on Pine Ridge, last July. This is put
forward by the persons making the charge
as the solution of the mysterious attempt
made one night last summer to assassin
ate Lehmann. Schweizer's friends claim
he is the victim of attempted blackmail.
L iinwnii was riding out Blackstone
avenue, with his daughter seated by his
side. Suddenly there came the report of
a shot fired from ambush. Miss Lehmann
gave a shriek and would have fallen but
for her father. She had received a charge
of snot in her back. Lehmann took in
the situation at once, and whipping up
his horses escaped with a whole skin.
The attack caused a sensation and sus
picion fell on several persons, but inves
tigation failed to substantiate it in each
instance. Now, however, there are per
sons who claim to have actual knowledge
of the instigator of the crime. The man
against whom the finger of accusation is
poi"tc<! hn for many years been an hon-
lored resident of this city, a man of eentle
manners, a merchant who enjoys a repu
tation for integrity second to none and
who counts Jr. ends by the score.
The substance of this report is that
Schweizer held an insurance policy on the
life of Lehman a, with worn he had ex
tensive business transactions and who
was indebted to him. Seeing that there
was no probability of his getting the
money any other way the citizen afore
said, according to the report, hired a man
to put his debtor out of the way, so as to
secure the insurance money.
The man who makes the charge is John
Harrison, a detective, formerly of San
Jose. He has positive proof, be says, that
Schweizer was implicated in the attempt
ed murder; he had not done the shootin?,
but was one of the leaders of a plot to kill
Lehmann. The party who Hid the shoot
ing was nired to do so by Schweizer and
otlier enemies of the mill-owner. Harri
son refuses to state what Schw«?izer's
motive was for wanting to have Lehmann
killed, and will not say anything further
along this line.
Concerning the allegation of blackmail,
the detective denies its truth. Hs haa
made no proposition for hush money, he
asserted, but he hinted that Schweizer
had attempted in a roundabout way to
bribe him to drop the case. Harrison
says tnat he had been paia to investigate
the case, but will not tell by whom. He
declares he has gathered conclusive evi
dence to prove that Schweizer and others
planned to murder Lehmann, and had
hired a man, whose name the detective
would not give, to do the job. This evi
dence he has laid before District Attorney
Snow.
St nweizer refuses to be interviewed and
refers all newspaper men to his attorney,
Mark Waiser. Mr. Waiser si>eaks freely
about the case and openly declares that it
is a scheme to blackmail his client. T. de
Marais, he says, has acted as a go-between
to see Scbweizer a number of times and
thrown out hints which caused tne har
ness-dealer to believe that D> Mnrais was
trying to inspire him with tear. Mr.
Schweizer gave him no satisfaction, how
ever.
Deputy Sheriff Al Henry, who is a friend
of Schweizer, says that Har.ison ma6_e a
proposition to him that if Schweizer
would pay $3000 he would drop the case.
Schweizer, when told of this, absolutely
refused to entertain it. Wuen asked con
cerning the insurance policy this evening.
Attorney Waiser said:
"Mr. Schweizer's business relations
with Lehmann have been quite extensive,
and the latter owed my Client considerable
money. Lehmann has made enemies
during his business career, and it has
been reported that his life was threatened
more than once. In order to protect his
interests in case harm came to Lebmann,
it was agreed that Schweizer should take
out a policy on L-hmann's life, covering
the amount of the indebtedness, and the
men who have been trying to extort
money from him probaoly thought this
fact gave them the advantage they de
sired."
The whole case has aroused the greatest
Interest, and was the sole subject of dis
cussion on the streets to-day.
Sudden Death at San Hafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Dec. 22.— Mis
May Lovett, about 44 years of age, who
has been stopping for some time with
friends here, left their house this after
noon to return to her San Francisco home.
Sue went to the depot in a carriage, and
just as she arrived there was attacked by
a hemorrhage, and died in the carriage.
SAN JOSE ELOPEMENT.
Parental Objections Set at Naught by E.
W. Dunn and Miss Georgia
Newhali.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 22.— A marriage
of two well-known persons in tuis city
that was bitterly opposed by relatives of
the young lady was consummated to-day
through an elopsment. E. W. Dunn, the
man in the cane, came to San Jo-se several
years ago, and lor some time was the sec
retary of the Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation. Subsequently he became a dried
fruit broker and established himself in a
small office. He called himself the secre
tary of'tlie Eden Fruit Company. Through
business dealings with Mrs. Sylvester
NtiwUall, he became acquainted with her
daughter, Miss Georgie Newhali.
Mrs. Newhali is quite wealthy and the
family lives in an elegant house on Lin
co.n avenue. When Mrs. Newhali found
that her daughter aud Dunn were engaged
sue bitterly opposed the tnarrisge. She
was aideu in her opposition by her son,
Carl S. Newhali, and her son by a former
husband, Fred A. Stoddard. The mar
riage was to have taker, place to-day at
the First Presbyterian Church, of which
Dunn and Mrs. Newhali are members, but
Dr. Dinsmore, Ihe pastor, refused to per
form the ceremony on account of the op
position of the young lady's mother.
It was supposed that the marriage had
been indefinitely postponed, bat to-day,
in the absence of the brothers and mother,
the girl left the hou*e, met Dunn, and
they boarded the 11:25 train for ban Fran
cisco. They were accompanied by two
unmarried sisters of Miss Newhali.
One great objection of the family to tna
match was the difference in the ages of the
pair. It is claimed that Dunn is 43 while
Miss Newhali is 23. It is supnosed that
they were married in San Francisco this
afternoon.
SAN JOSE ELECTION CONTEST.
Taking of Testimony in the Kolsey-Mc-
Laurin Suit for an Assembly
Seat.
SAN JOSE. Cal.. Dec. 22.— Testimony
in the election contest between J. D.
Kelsey and J. J. McLaurin for a seat in
the Assembly from the Fiity-lifth District
was taken before Justices Dwyer and
Herrington to-day. In the official can
vass of the votes McLaurin was declared
elected by fourteen votes.
G. W. Cozzens. H. E. Schilling, George
Lilly and FreU Posky, election officers in
Crandallville Precinct, testified that the
cards of instruction to voters were not
posted in the booths. This precinct gave
McLaurin a plurality of thirty-three. In
the Fourth Precinct of the First Ward of
the city of San Jose J. F. O'Keefe, one of
me election officers, testified four bal
lots were rejected because 01 irregularity
in marking thn Presidential electors.
These ballots were three for Kelsey and
one for McLaurin. O'Keefe was corro
borated by W. E. Grossman, another of
that election board.
H. H. Collier, an election officer in the
BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S
uuiv oily uiiii-y HiLii v
CLOTHING
NOW GOING AT ABOUT HALF PRICE.
Cl>O Am IS ALL YOU'LL HAVE TO PAY
.3>'^ B^rO FOR ALL-WOOL SUITS. Made to
sell at $5.00.
d>O A C IS ALL we ASK for boys'
JDOiT'O SPLENDID ALL-WOOL SUITS.
Worth $6.00.
/NO /\r IS ALL YOU HAVE TO PAY
vPOiwO NOW FOR STYLISH SUITS that
were made to sell at $6.50 and $7.
Xmas Gifts.
BARGAINS !?' s ™? ki H g it ck '
ets, Silk nandker-
chiefs, Mufflers, Underwear, Collars,
Cuffs, Neckwear, Suspenders, Gloves,
Jewelry etc., at and below cost.
W^S^ The Loss Is Great, but
the Goods Must Go.
STORE OPEN
Every evening this week.
Flooded by arc and incan-
descent electric lights.
Fourth Precinct, testified that in this pre
cinct four votes weie rejected for the
reason that eighteen Presidential electors
had been voted for upon them. Three of
these were for Kelsey and one for Mc-
Laurin.
O. B. Kelley, who claimed to be a wit
ness, testified that he had heard it said
that two votes that were cast for Kelsey
were thrown out. The cause was that the
ballots were marked for eighteen Presi
dential electors. Both the Democratic and
Populist electors were voted for.
Testimony will be tatcen each day from
10:30 to 12:30, and from 2:30 to 5:30.
Cuthbertson Sues for Damages.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec. 22.— Sidney M.
Cuthbertson, a Stanford student, who was
injured by colliding with a streetcar on
October 3, has sued the San Jose and
Santa Clara Railroad Company for $20,000
damages ana for $275 medical attendance.
lo Create Another Court.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Dec 22.— An effort
will be made by local members of the bar
to have the coming Legislature create an
K-E-E-L-E-Y!
DR .IORIAII KERR, the eminent
English physician, Says : "Drunkenness is a disease and
can be cured if properly treated."
DR. LESLIE E. KEELEY Says : "Drunkenness is a disease and 1
can cure it."
GOVERNOR ALTGELD of Illinois,
GOVERNOR MATTHEWS of Indiana,
GOVERNOR RUSSELL of Massachu-
setts and hundrels of thousands of
Other prominent men and Women Say: "Drunkenness is a disease and
the Keeley treatment cures it."
GENERAL JAMES W. FORSYTH,
GENERAL A. J. SMITH,
CAPTAH ROBHSOI,
LIEUTENANT BELL and
LIEUTENANT TREAT of the U. S.
irmv «ay • "Statements made about the
Miuy say . Keeley treatment's being deleteri-
ous to health are bosh. It is just
exactly the contrary."
What is true of drunkenness is true of the opium and tobacco
habits. Investigate through unprejudiced sources — not through
vs — not through the saloons.
Tiie iKLEnran-EPsr institute
1170 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
(Formerly at Los Gatoa). PRIVATE ENTRANCE, 18 TAYLOR ST.
other department of the Superior Court in
this county. This will be asked for on ac
count of the crowded condition of botii
departments of the court now existing,
which is due to the large number of civil
cases tried in this county. There are
about 260 members of tbe bar in the
county, and it is said they are unanimous
for the creation of a new department.
Strange Denth at Portland.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 22.— Sherman
Oard, an employe of the North Pacific
lumber-mill, met with a frightful death
to-day. A splinter from a tooth of one
of the circular saws struck him in the
neck, burying itself so deeply that it
closed his windpipe and he was choked to
death.
Fatal Affray at Mount he ho.
IONE, Cal., Dec. 22.— While on a
drunken spree at Mount Echo last nicht
Samuel Wilkes killed William Wiley by
stabbing him in the neck with a dirk
knife. Sneriff Gregory has the defendant
in custody. The cause of the trouble is
not yet known.
56
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 23, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage Free:
Pally and Sr.ndav Calt., one week, by carrier. $0.16
Pally and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally »nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00 {
Pally end Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Pally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall. .65
Ennday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Wxuly Calx, one year, by mall.. % 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
1 1 0 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street
Telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES:
f 57 Montgomery meet, corner Clay: open until
l:£0 o'clock.
£79 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Xarkln street: open until 9:30 o'eloclc
ttVk .corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
en til £ o'clock.
S6lb Mission street: open nntn 9 o'clock
Ib 7 X» mill street; open until 9o'clocic
•- iaarkei street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE;
bus Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Eastern Manager.
THE CALL .SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Everything is a bargain.
Don't fail to help cheer the friendless.
Do your trading promptly and make
way for others.
They were holidays once, but they are
bargain days now.
Cuba must wait until the Senators finish
their holiday frolics.
The novelties and dainties of California
are worth asking for.
Despite the invention of novelties the
old toys hold their own.
Congress talks of foreign affairs, but the
President has the say so.
All the world is rushed at present, but
playtime will be with ua on Friday.
We call them holidays as our fathers
did, but we work right along as our fathers
didn't.
We can safeiy say every evening that
our avenues of trade never looked brighter
than now.
Leave orders for the Christmas Call.
They will go off like hot cakes when the
day comes.
Geary street has joined tne general im
provement and the town will soon be able
to celebrate all over.
Use the goods that are manufactured at
home and we will soon be manulacturing
nearly all that we use.
This kind of weather will make Santa
Claus feel like stopping in California and
staying until after New Year.
What we need in our street sweeping is
a new broom which will be strong enough
to sweep the cobblestones off.
The Monroe doctrine was of slow growth
for a long time, but it is expanding now
like a pumpkin-vine in California.
A few more days of weather like this
and we will begin to boast of California as
the land of the Christmas climate.
The statement of Secretary Herbert that
the Texas is no worse than our other
battle-ships doein't redeem the Texas, but
it is rough on tne rest.
The rural industries of the country will
be carefully looked after in the next tariff
bill. We shall have no more experiments
with free trade in raw material.
It will be impossible for Congress to
force the hand of Cleveland on tbe Cnban
question. He can filibuster to the end of
his term without straining himself.
Rockefeller had better be careful of the
combination he is making with Carnegie.
The Pittsburg man is likely to leave a
good many blowholes in his side of it.
Notice has been given that a resolution
declaring sympathy with the Cubans will
be introduced in the Italian Chamber of
Deputies. Spain is getting it from ah
sides.
From the confused arguments made by
the advocates of Santa Monica before tbe
Government commission it would seem
the port is too much at sea ever to be re
claimed.
Senator Hill is in favor of according to
the Cubans belligerent rights but not of
recognizing their independence. The
Senator, it will be observed, is still strad
dling fences.
If Congress could bs made to accept a
little common - sense for a Christmas
present it would drop the iunding bill and
take up the Nicaragua canal bill imme
diately after the holidays.
The country will be well satisfied with
the recognition of Cuban independence.
Those Senators who wish a war with Spain
had better retire from the Senate and
organize filibustering expeditions.
The Cleveland administration seems
willing to leave the settlement of every
public problem to McKinley except the
funding of the Pacific roads debts. That
is tne only issue oa which it has urged
haste.
Nothing more clearly shows how com
pletely Carlisle is out of sympathy with
the country than his report to Congress
on Monday urging the retirement of green
backs at the very season when the people
wish more of them.
There is no telling how much foreign
sugar is used in our Christmas confections,
but with a little judicious protection from
Congress it will be only a few years when
we will produce all we need, and then our
Christmas candies will be home sweets in
every sense of the word.
The most important thing for Cleveland
and Olney to do before New Years is to
make sure of the protection of American
citizens and their property in the Spanish
parts of Cuba. There is liable to be an
outbreak against Americans over there
and we should be on our guard.
Carlisle says if the revenues of the Gov
ernment are to be mainly derived from
taxes on imported goods the protective
theory must be abandoned; but Carlisle is
mistaken. The next Congress will show
him how to raise a revenue and protect
American industry at tne same time.
CARLISLE'S REPORT
The annual report of Secretary Carlisle
submitted to Congress on Monday was de
voted to a consideration of the monetary
and revenue problems of the country.
For the first of these the Secretary bad no
solution to offer except his former one
recommending the early retirement of
greenbacks. Concerning the second he re
peats the well-worn argument of the free
tradeis, and asserts that our tariff duties
must be levied solely for purposes of reve
nue if we are to receive from them a suffi
cient income to meet the expenditures of
the Government. Incidentally he makes
an appeal for economy. These three
things constitute almost the whole of his
elaborate report.
The statistics given by the Secretary
show very clearly the need of legislation
directed to an increase of the National
revenue. The deficit for the fiscal year
which ended last June amounted to $25,
-203,245. A still greater deficit is expected
for the present year. The estimates of
the Secretary, based on the existing laws
and conditions of trade, are that the total
revenue for the year will be $407,793,120.
The expenditures for tne same period are
estimated at $472,293,120, leaving a defi
ciency for the year of $64,500,000.
The Secretary says a careful considera
tion of the situation and a conservative
reliance upon improved business condi
tions justify the conclusion that the actual
deficiency for the current year and the
year following will be less than the esti
mates given. It is in this connection he
urges Congress to restrict the expendi
tures of the Government in order that
they may be brought within tte limit of
the revenues. "In my opinion," he says,
"we have reached a situation which not
only forbids the favorable consideration
of measures calculated to augment our
annual outlay, but which demands thor
ough revision of our permanent appro
priation laws and the enforcement of
strict economy in future annual legisla
tion on this subject."
It is not likely these recommendations
will find much favor among the people,
even though they come in the attractive
form of a plea for economy. The highest
economy in the United States at this time
calls for a liberal expenditure of public
money in the promotion of ereat works of
utility to industry and commerce. There
is need for tbe irrigation of and lands, tne
promotion of our merchant marine, the
extension of coast defenses, the upbuild
ing of the navy, the improvement of
rivers and harbors, and last, but by no
means least, the construction of the
Nicaragua canal. All these works will re
quire the expenditure of large sums of
money, but nevertheless if carried out
under right direction will well deserve the
name of economy.
As Speaker Reed once said, "This is a
billion-dollar country." We cannot afford
to restrict its energies and limit its ex
pansion in order to satisfy the small ideas
of tbe free-traders. The United States
must po forward. She has too much at
stake in tbe near iuture to afford to stop
now in her onward career. The deficit in
the treasury is no menace to the National
welfare. It is notning more than the ac
cident of bungling legislation enacted by
a blundering Congress. Republican states
men will soon remedy that evil, and our
revenues will once more be equal to all
our needs. This is what the people voted
for at the last election. It is what they
expect and what they will receive from
the next Congress. Mr. Carlisle's report,
therefore, will serve no other purpose than
that of putting one more evidence on
record of the futility of the Cleveland
administration.
THE BACON RESOLUTION
One of the results likely to be attained
by the present controversy in Congress
over the recognition of Cuba will be a
settlement of the question as to whether
the President or Congress is the para
mount power in dealing with foreign
affairs. If Secretary 0!n-y rightly repre
sented Mr. Cleveland in his recent state
ments, the President will not recognize
Cuban independence, even if the joint
resolution now before the Senate should
be passed by both houses. Such an action
on his part tvould bring the question un
der consideration to a well-defined issue,
and in one way or another it would have
to be settled.
In order to bring the issue to a test, Sen
ator Bacon of Georgia introduced into the
Senate on Monday a resolution declaring;
That the question of the recognition by this
Government of any people as a free and Inde
pendent nation is one exclusively for the
determination of Congress in its capacity as
the law-making power; that this prerogative
of sovereign power does not appertain to the
executive department of the Government ex
cept in so far as tbe President is under the
constitution (by the exercise of the veto power)
made a part of the law-making power ol the
Government.
As the law stands at this time the
President has virtually absolute control
of our foreign^ffairs. It is true the con
stitution requires him to act with the
Benate, but he can very easily so conduct
our diplomacy as to force the Senators to
support him in a war if he saw fit to make
one. This was shown in the case of the
Venezuelan boundary, where Cleveland's
summary note to the British Government
came upon Congress and tbe country like
a clap of thunder from a clear sky. It is
shown again in this instance, where what
is likely to be a resolution adopted by both
nouses of Congress recognizing tbe inde
pendence of Cuba may be rendered worth
less by the action of the President in de
liberately ignoring it.
If both houses of Congress should pass a
resolution declaring American recognition
of Cuban independence over the veto of
the President, and Mr. Cleveland should
persist in ignoring it, the only possible
resort of Congress would be that of im
peachment. Such an action in the pres
ent instance would be ludicrous. Cleve
land's term of office will expire before
Congress could get through talking about
impeachment, much less formally insti
tuting that proceeding before the Senate.
In tbe past no harm has ever come to
the country from the large power pos
sessed by the President over foreign
affairs, but nevertheless such power has in
it possibilities of danger. It will be well
therefore if one consideration is given to
the Bacon resolution. This country should
have something more than a one-man
power to deal with all the complexities
of her relations with other countries and
governments.
A SECRETARY OF MINES.
The movement to bring about the crea
tion of a Department of Mines and
Mining with an official head of Cabinet
rank, which w»» begun by the California
Miners' Association at its recent conven.
tion in this City, is finding cordial sup
port in nearly all parts of the country.
The West, as a matter of course, is taking
the lead in the agitation, and all the
States in this section are virtually united
in working for the cause.
The Denver Times recently published a
series of interviews with a number of
leading mining rmii of that city on the
subject and gained from them many im
portant arguments in favor of the appoint •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
ment of tbe proposed secretary. One of
the best of these is found in the statement
of H. A. Mclntyre, vice-president ot the
Mining Exchange of Denver, who, among
other things, said :
If snch a Cabinet position were created we
would have full reports upon the subject of
mining, similar to those that are now being
got up by the Government upon otoer in
dustries. In my experience I have found that
the people across the water pay double the at
tention to an official report than to anything
else, and this one advantage alone would bave
a great deal to do with turning the attention
of the public more generally to the subject of
mining.
There can be no question of the sound
ness of this statement. Official reports on
the conditions of our mines and mining
industry would have great weight with
capitalists in all parts of the world, and
would do much to attract to this country
the wealth which Europe now has to
spare for mining enterprise. In a com
paratively short time the proceeds from
mines developed by the incoming capital
would more than repay tne Government
all the cost of the establishment of such a
department on a scale commensurate with
the needs of the country, and it would,
therefore, be an economy for the Govern
ment as well as for tne miners.
The arguments in favor of the move
ment are ao weli understood in the West
that they hardly need repetition here.
Tbe one advantage of returning to the
subject again and again is that of keeping
it fresh in the minds of the people, so that
public opinion may be always prepared
and ready to support any action which
may be taken in Congress to enact the
legislation necessary to create tbe depart
ment. It is for that reason the inter
views published in tbe Times are most
opportune. It is certain we will never
obtain this desired official unless we make
an active campaign of education on the
subject and keep it prominently in tbe
minds of Congressmen. The chances .i f
success if the movement is kept going are
good and the benefits to be attained by
success are certainly sufficient to make it
worth while for us to direct a large por
tion of our energies toward its accomplish
ment.
A MAGNIFICENT PAPER.
The work of getting out the superb
Christmas edition of The Call is progress
ing favorably, and as it prooeeds it be
comes more and more apparent that it
will eclipse all previous efforts in the way
of holiday newspapers. Among tbe stories
sure to interest all old-timers in particular
and everybody in general will ba a narra
tive from the pen of John Bonner en
titled "Christmas in Sutler's Fortin 1847."
The story is of Historical as well as literary
val ue, as it is an account of one of the
most unique Christmas celebrations ever
held. Every paragraph is full of interest.
There will be a whole page of ?ea stories
by S. W. Booth that surpass anything in
that line ever produced by California
writers. These stories are illustrated by
W. A. Coulter, the well-known marine
artist, in his matchless style.
The artists of The Call will contribute
a page of Christmas caricatures, all of
them bright and pointed; but they must
be seen to be appreciated.
John £. Richards has written a Christ
mas poem entitled "The Story of the
Pine." Il is replete with fine thought
and lofty ideas.
There will be a multitude of other in
teresting and appropriate features, too
numerous to mention at the pres?nt time.
Remember that your Eastern friends will
be delighted to get a copy of this superb
paoer, just as delighted as you will be,
and do not forget to order extra copies iv
good time, so as to be sure of getting
them.
SELLING MORE-BUYING LESS.
Philadelphia Press.
November continues and surpasses the rec
cord of October In exports and imports of mer
chandise. The excess of exports ($57,802.2 % 25)
has not been matched in years, not since the
boom years sixteen years ago. This excess is
twice the exce>s of exports in November, 1805,
which was $23,961,704, and it is over $10,
-000,000 larger than nny November in years
pust. This heavy excess Is due to exports.
which are $20,528,290 more th.m November
last year, aud impons which art' 517,693 ,535
less than in that month. The country is sell
ing more, over a quarter of its exports boing
manufactures!, and it is buying less. The re
sult is that no cold is going abroad, as was
confidently predicted in Engiaud not long ago
it would after true election.
HAD NO ELECTION
The Boston Herald has discovered a town in
Vermont where no election was held in No
vember. It is the town of Baltimore, Windsor
County, eleven miles northwest of Windsor.
it was set off from the adjoining town of
Cavendish in 1793 and was organized in 1794,
when it had about 275 Inhabitants. The num
ber has steadily dwindled ever since. It had
64 by the census of 1890, and now has 58; but,
as one inhabitant will come back from the
Soldiers' Home in Brattleboro in the spring if
he lives, the actual popu.atlon should le re
corded as 59. It has no church, store or post
office, but it has a schooltiouse, which is at
tended by fifteen pupils.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
In one of Boston's busiest thoroughfares
tbere is a sign wnich reads: "Cole & Wood,
dealers ln_wood and coal."
President Kruger has the same number of
grandchildren as Queen Victoria, but they
are not sprinkled over the thrones of Europe.
Queen Victoria Is said to have been greatly
pleased with a present of fruit, thirty boxes in
all, sent her from Canada. Itcomprised apples,
pears, grapes and quinces.
Sir Tatton Sykes caused to be printed in Eng
lish papers advertisements which notify all
whom it may concern thai he will pay no more
debts contracted by his wife. Sir Tatton is 70
years old and wealthy, while Lady Bykes is
about 40.
One of the deer licenses issued in Kalkaska
County, Mich., this year was taken out by a
woman, Mrs. George Helsel. Although well
alone In years she camps out every fall with
her husband during tbe deer-hunting season,
ana is as handy with the gun, as well as the
fishrod, as most men are.
At the New York sub-treasury, where the
numerous war pensioners of the Slate cash
their pension checks, they have qufte a col
lection of queer names. The place of honor is
heid by John the Baptist Theophilus Ploof.
There are on the list Abel Cain, Christian
Canary, Brasll Pepper, Amelia A. Turnip,
Adam Apple, August Blizzard, Birdsong Crow,
Love Liar and Temperance Kuiny.
A copy of the Deutsche Gedenkblaetter,
1870-71, printed by the royal secret court
printing-press and presented by the late
Empress Augusta to Queen Victoria, is offered
for sale by a Frankfort-on-the-Malu second
hand bookseller. The book has in It the auto
graph dedication: "To my uear Victoria, from
her faithful sister, cousin and friend, Au
gusta.''
John W. Msynard of Ann Arbor, Mich., and
his wiie celebrated the sixtieth anniversary
of their wedding a few days ago. They have
lived in the sama house for fifty-two years.
Mr. Maynara gave a good part of the land for
the site of the University of Michigan ; and, in
fact, it was his gift that decided the commis
sioners to establish the university in Ann
Arbor. Frederick A. Maynard, the present
Attorney-General of Michigan, is bis son.
Lawyer (after hearing her story>— From what
you say, madam, your husband must ba a
bru te !
Fair Applicant (bridling)— You need go no
further with the case, sirl I will consult an
other lawyer. I came here to get a divorce,
si;— not to hear my husband abuied!— Puck.
PERSONAL.
H. R. Raynes of Yreka is in town.
J. M. Mannon of Ukiah Is at the Lick.
F. H. Lentziuger of Fortuna is at tbe Russ.
F. H. Blake of Sandow, B. C. is at tbe Grand.
J. D. 8.-adley of Merced arrived here yester
day.
John J. White of Fresno is a late arrival
here.
S. Tamagawa of Japan is among the arrivals
here.
Ex-Senator G. G. Goucher of Fresno is in the
City.
Senator Eugene Aram of Woodland is at the
Grand.
E. A. Roberts of Sacramento arrived here
yesterday.
L. J. Maddox of Modesto is spending a few
days here.
Ex-Judge J. W. Davis of Tulare County Is on
a visit here.
The Rev. W. E. Smith of Memo Park is visit
ing the City.
H. H. Lawis, a business man of Portland, Or.,
is in the City.
C. B. Burkhan, a general-store owner of Bo
die, it> at the Kuss.
Charles Monroe, a business man of Los An
geles, is in the City.
Lieutenant C. H. Jaeger of the German army
is at the California.
K. B. Mansfield, a mining man of Tuolumne
County, has arrived here.
E. Bossman, a mining and business man of
Denver, is on a visit nere.
C. K. Chapin, a business man of Portland,
Or., is at the Cosmopolitan.
E. F. Best of Washington, D. C, is at the Pal
ace, accompanied by his wife.
L. F. Moulton, the extensive Colusa County
wheat-grower, is at the Grand.
S. H. Yonge, a business man of Council
Bluffs, lowa, arrived here yesterday.
J. G. Scott, manager of the Lick Paper-mills,
is at the Occidental, accompanied by Mrs. 6cott
and their son.
John Finnell, the great land-owner of Te
hama County, Is among the arrivals here. He
is at the Palace.
George and Robert Rohnothwaite, mine
owuers of Anaconda, Mont., are stopping at
the Cosmopolitan.
F. M. Graham, whose home is in San Jose and
who has impoitant mining interests in Kern
County, is in town.
Congressman Marion de Vries of Stockton
arrived here last night, accompanied by Mrs.
de Vries, and is at the Grand.
Brad Barnar, a mining engineer of London,
who has been examining properties on the
mother lode for several years pust, is at the
urand.
Dr. M. Brown of Detroit, a missionary who
has been several years in the Orient, arrived
here yesterday on the Belgic and is at the Cal
ifornia.
Miss Evelyn E. Smith of St. Catherine, Can
ada, and Miss E. Helen Benjamin of New York
arrived on the Belgic yesterday and are at the
Occidental.
J. M. Engle, owner of a large lumber camp
and mill at anew point in Plumas County,
where he is laying out a town, is at the Russ.
He has lately, he says, made contracts for sev
eral million f _-et of lumber.
H. V. Sutherland, editor of the N'ews-Lstter,
left last uight lor Los Angeles f->ra week's stay
with his brother tbere. Mr. Sutherland has
been working very hard, and this is tUe first
vacation he has had for a long time.
Chester Holcombe of Was;iin?ton, D. C,
who has been filling a position under the Gov
ernment in the Orient, is here on a vacation
and is oa his way East. Ha will return in the
spring and bjcomo manager of a trailing com
pany.
J. W. llartzoll, the projector Hnd builder of
the pioneer electric railroad of Pan Frandf-co,
which extends from the junctio-i of Market
and Steui.rt streets to the cemeteries, is in the
Cits-. Ho took seven cars and 500 people over
the hills from the ferries to the come series on
the opening day of the road.
O. J. Steams of Oakland, Or., arrived here
with two carloads of fowls, consisting mainly
of turkey, and all reared at Oakland, which
in one of the greatest places f<jr fowls in the
country. There were 5000 turkeys, 1000
ducks and 1000 chickens. They were ail
brought down for the Christmas trude. Mr.
Steams is a brother of Superior Judge Steams
of Portland. He is at tbe Lick.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 22.— At the Man
hattan, T. H. Page; Albert, J. L. MorelanU ;
Stuart, D. Wand; Hoffman, H. Alexander;
Holland, T. L Cunningham. H. F., H. 11. and
W. P. Scott; Albert, M. J. Piarring; Everett,
Mrs. E. Price; Imperial, G. M. Stulp and wife;
Sinclair, Miss Kennedy ; Astor, H. KrebsJr.;
Albemarle, J. G. Pallnrd.
THE CLOCK FILRS ON.
The song that we're stngins; bears with it a moral
'l oce taken to heart b the yo ing and tne o.d;
Whiie time, envious fel ow, so quietly stealing,
Shall whisper— go print 1 In letters of gold—
"The cluck lici<s ou !"
The maiden rfho trifles with honest affection,
Who thinks youth menial, an, let her bi-ware;
stif'l, find oul'ioo lnte, wih a bluer reflection,
Th»l Time is relentless— she's no longer fair.
"The clcci licks on!"
Tbeie's the note that you cave— such an easy
transaction:
Th:c • months to eiaj se em the payment Ii due,
How hard to consider tliat Time's st"aline on you,
And the day of protesting you'll bitterly rue.
••The cloca ticks ojV
Your friends are departing— bow sadly you miss
them—
But you count not tte hours so mournfully told:
And Mini ■ oblivious to time that is passing,
You dream not a moment that you're b rowing
old.
••The clock ticks on!' 1
— Harper's Weekly.
Letters From the People.
WHY NATIONAL BANKS?
Do Our People- Vvfer; Dependence to
Independence?*
To the Editor of the San FraitcUco Call— Sib:
How many of your readers, who are cer
tainly intelligent people as a rule, could sit
down and write out a fair account of the Bank
of Venice? How many can tell the exact dif
lerence between a greenback and a Govern
ment bond? How many know the difference
tn law and in fact between a National bank
note and a greenback? "} What is suspension of
specie payment? Has it ever occurred in Eng
land? If bo, when and with what result? Bid
it cause depression in business? How was it
in this country from 1861 to 1879?
- Can a man claim to be intelligent on * the
money question, con ho really understand the
discussion of the question as it is now before
the country in the President's message and
the publications which uphold him, if he
knows nothing about the Bank of Venice, or
the difference between a greenback and a Gov
ernment bond, or a National bank note and a
greenback, or the result of the suspension of
specie payments? I think: ha cannot, and he
is dangerously ignorant of vital matters now
before the country demanding the most seri
ous consideration. He will pay a heavy pen
alty, too, for his ignorance If he consents to re
main ignorant much' longer. This is written
to put him on his guard and induce him to
make Inquiry to insure his own protection in
time to be of some use to him. ■■■■' ■'-■■"
. To i his end it is woith while to devote a
few minutes to the history, of the most re
markable financial institution In tne world,
tha -■ Bank of .Venice, which flourished 'i with
amazing influence, far greater than that of the
Bank ;of England, for more -. than 600 years,
and was finally destroyed by the great Na
poleon in 1797, almost ioo years ago. Mean
while we should remember that our own
country is but about 200 years : old, and | that
our financial system is but thirty-three years
old." 1 assume that most people of ordinary
Intelligence know - that Venice was the com
mercial mistress of the world for a long period
of time, during which great wars, ; inoludmg
the crusade*, and the overthrow of ; kingdoms
darken the pages of history. ; But what made
the little ■ republic of Venice •so powerful 'in
such an era? It was mainly her monetary
system under the name of the Bank of Venice.
And I ask the uninformed, and therefore the
skeptical, reader •to turn to the New York
Bankers' Magazine for October; 1878; or to
the Boston Arena for April, 1894, aud be will
learn something which 5 - may astonish him
about the Bank. of « Venice.- The Bankers'
Magazine ; contains the chapter on this s bank
from Stephen Colwell's "Ways and Means of
Payment,". a book on finance not quot-d by
gold-standard advocates in our time, and the
editor thus refers to this chapter: - v , -
{ "Among th.c most' interesting chapters ,of
this book is that giving the history of the
Bank of Venice, an account which is consid
ered the best in tbe English language of that
institution, " and the reader will please note
tbe fact that this Bankers' Magazine does not
hesitate to say that this "account is considered
tbe best in the English language." I can
make only a lew brief quotations from it
"In the year 1171 a Venetian fleet of 100
galleys was sent to avenge an outrage perpe
trated by the Grecian Emperor, Manuel, upon
Venetian merchants doing business in his em
pire." "The contest is memorable for having
given origin to the Bank of Venice. 1 ' So great
an undertaking required a large sum of gold
and silver to carry on the war in a foreign
country, and in order to raise it immediately
"the Great Council," or Congress of the Vene
tian Republic, "established the Chamber of
Loans," a sort of national treasury, and forced
the wealthy merchants, the nobles and capi
talists to make a loan of their gold, silver,
piste and ornaments for which they were to be
paid 4 per cent annual interest.
On this foundation arose the Bank cf Ven
ice, which became, as < olwell says, '-for many
ages the administration ot Europe and the
cheap facility of a commerce not surpassed by
auy other nation." Purchases were made by
Venetian merchants in all parts oi the worlu,
and settlements were made by a transfer of
credits in the bank. Indeed, bank credits in
time practically became the only means oi
payiua debts, and they were accordingly Id
universal demand. Hence these bank credits
soon went to a premium of 20 per cent over
gold coin and interest ceased on deposits,
which leads Mr. Colwell to rem«rk thr.t "if tbe
same mode of adjusting debts were resorted to
now the result would be that inconvertible
bank credits would frequently go to a high
premium over gold and silver."
One other quotation must be made in ex
planation of this system of finance, p. 639,
Arena: -"To comprehend this extraordinary
fact of a credit on the books of a banktrith no
money in its vaults and nut bound to matte
that credit good in later times even Dy the
pa>meiuofihe interest, or to redeem it in
any way, haying ior hundreds cf years been at
a high premium over gold and silver, we need
only remainber that these credits were the
funds in which debts were chiefly paid."
I wish affrightened ignorance, which takes
alarm at the bare suggestion of incontroverti
ble Government money, would read and duly
ponder the following words oi the historian:
"Ii credits had to be convertible at will into
the precious metals the premium could never
have arisen, much less attained so high a
point." And (page 640) : "Venice was for cen
turies the great entrepot of commerce in
EuroDe, if not in the world," payments being
liquidated by bank credits, ''and for more than
400 years precious metais were at a discount
as compared with these bank credits."
But I must close with >ut attempting to
elucidate the system of the Bans of Venice and
contrast it with our own so-called "National"
banking scheme, based on Government
"bonds," our Government credits, which are
u>ed to rob the Nation and despoil the people.
I must also defer answers to my questions as to
the difference between bonds and greenbacks,
etc. 1 will add that if President Cleveland hud
recommended to Congress and the people a
full investigation of the i-ystem of the Bank of
Venice as a means of escape from tue "Na
tional" banks he would have earned the grat
itude of his country.
Joseph Asbury Johnson.
II Essex street, Djc. 11, 189t>.
A DRESS WITH GUIMPES FOR
LITTLE GIRLS
Dresses to be worn with guimpes are pre
ferred by many to those which are entirely of
the one fabric, as the white guimpes look
daintily childlike.
The one shown here has a quaint little waist,
to which the skirt is gathered. Cashmeres are
liked for these little gowns and may be had in
many pretty shades.
Albatross is a soft, delicate and yet service
able fabric in young children's gowns.
The mixed wool goods of Hunter weight are
used, with trimmings of band lice on the
waist and epaulettes. Cottoo cneviots make
serviceable dresses find launder beautifully.
Some of the new cotton crepons are shown in
very delicate colorines, which nevertheless
wash weh.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"How is it that you are always in debt? You
should be ashamad of yourself."
"Come, now; don't be too hard on a fellow.
You would perhaps be in debt, too, if you
were in my place."
"What place?"
•'Able to get credit."— Odds and Ends.
"Say!" called out the indignant citizen,
"you stop that"
"Who are you?" demanded the teamster.
"Doesn't make any difference who I am.
You quit poundiDS those itnimals."
"You ain't no officer. Where's yer star?"
"I may not be an officer, but I can find one.
lam not going to stand by and see a human
brute abuse any of the Lord's creatures."
"These ain't the lord's creatures, blame
you," roared the teamster. "These is mules."
Whack! Whack! Whack! Chicago Tri
bune.
She— l thought you said you were going to
stop swe&rlng.
He— So I am, as «oon as I get this umbrella
down.— Truth.
"So Boston rejected Macmonnies* "Bac
chante'?"
"Yes; they were annoyed because she car
ried a bunch of grapes instead of & pot of
baked beans."— Chicago Record.
Editor— l suppose you think your poems will
fill a long-felt want ?
Poet— No. If I did I would eat them.— Town
Topics.
"I may not be very wealthy, but I can afford
my own carriage and pair." said the fond
father as he wheeled his twins along the side
walk.—Yale Record.
"Well, Tommie. I suppose you are the
smartest boy in your class?"
"Yes, sir." said Tommie. "Teacher iays I'm
too smart."— Harper's Round Table.
Jones— Heaven bless him! He showed con
fidence in me when the clouds were dark and
threatening.
Robinson— ln what way?
Z, Jones— He loaned me an umbrella. — Puck.
Professor (lecturing)— Oxygen, gentlemen, Is
essential to all animal existence; there conld
be no life without it Strange to say, it was
not discovered until a century ago, when—
Student— What did they do before it was dis
covered, professor ?— Household Words.
"Tommy," said tbe teacher, "what is meant
by nutritious food ?"
■•Something to eat that ain't got no taste to
it," replied Tommy.— Household Words.
"Who's making all that racket out there ? I
want some chance to read and think."
"It's me as is sing\n'," snapped the autocrat
.of the kitchen ; "and what of it?"
"Oh, I beg your pardon. I thought it was
my wife."— Detroit Free Press.
Snifflefeg — I have had my genealogy traced
by an expert, Mr. Groper, and he assures me
that my ancestry runs back directly to the
Mayflower.
Gobilworth— lf you had gone to Tacton you
could have had your ancestry traced back to
William the Conqueror at the very least, and
he'd have done it for halt the money.— Boston
Transcript.
Bobbles — I near you are in business for your
self now.
Wiggins— l thought so too, but from tbe
little I get out of it it appears that I am in
business ior other people— Boston Transcript*
GLAD TIDINGS FOR
THE WORTHY POOR
Salvationists Preparing for
Their Christmas
Dinner.
Large Donations of Food, Cash
and Lumber Pouring
la Fast.
__— —
A List of Articles to Bj S nt Those
Too 111 to B? Present Christ
mas Day.
Clang 1 How the hammers descended
upon the redwood and pine timbers at the
corner of Howard and New Montgomery
streets yesterday. And how those name
hammers wielded by sturdy-armed work
men will keep up a resounding noise all
of to-day and perhaps until late to
morrow.
The Salvation Army is in Christmas
action. And all that clanging means sim
ply that active preparations are being
made for a great Christmas dinner for the
worthy poor.
Down a: the corner of Howard and New
Montgomery streets, where th« rattlety
bang is loudest, tbere is where the Christ
mas feast is going to be held. The tuild
ing is the one formerly occupied by the
old Fremont Athletic Club, and sine- that
time by various other organizations, both
athletic and political. It was kindly
offered for the occasion by the owners.
Eleven hundred feet of lumber, the gift
of the Pac.tio Pine Lumber Company, was
received yesterday, and this furnished
material to go anead with. Later on E.
K. Wood of the Oregon Lumber Com
pany sent in like 500 or 600 eet
of lumber. This, perhaps, is all tiiat will
be required. If ii is not, Captain McFee
says there are numerous others ready and
willing to donate more.
Much of the work was completed yes
terday. Several tables were placed in
position, which means that the boards
were nailed togetner so as to iorm im
provised tables running all the way acros-*
the room. When everything is complete
the lady members of the array will de
scend upon the place, armed with broomi
and dusters, and make that great, dingy
room look clean and inviting enough for a
prince.
The dinner will last from uoon till 3
p. m. That is, Captain McFee'swife so as
serts. iSue is doutHiul of her assertion,
however, as :-he explains naively that per
haps not every de>erv:nK person may be
fed by then, and it would be a shame to
turn anybody away bo long as provisions
hold out. They ought to hold out. for
much longer than that three hours unless
tue outs;de towns send in a strong repre
sentation, judging from the amount of
stock now on hand at the storerooms, 862
Folsom street.
All the turkeys and cranberries required
are now bought and rea.iy to be sacrificed
on the altar of an empty stomach. Great
fat fellows they are, too, about 100 of
them. Now is their day to shine, but all
the lieht they will give after Christmas
will be bidden. Evidence of it will no
doubt manifest itself as a reflection in the
cheertnl and happy faces that will leave
the fc-aivation Army's board.
Captain BtcFee and his wife are kept
very busy, because they have not only to
take charge of the preparations being
made for the Christmas feast, but are also
busiiy engaged in getting everything
ready to go East. They have been called
upon to take charge of the s-ocial worJc
there, and will leave early in January.
The cranberries have also been bought.
In addition Dodge, Sweeney & Co. sent in
a large barrelful of tbem yesterday. The
.Press Association made a gift of a large
quantity of butter. Dennett's restaurant
was iv the swim with a dozen magnificent
cakes.
At the Relief Bureau, B*>2 Folsom street,
twenty packages of clothing wfcte received
during yesterday and the day before.
Much money has also been received. In
this line the two soldiers who stood at the
doors of the Emporiunr to receive Christ
mas offerings have done exceptionally
weil. /
The work of the Army will not cease
with giving a dinner. They realize that
many are sick and cannot be present, bat
they do not intend for the more unfor
tunate class of unfortunates to be left out
of the happy affair by any means.
So they nave prepared a list of articles
to be sent those who cannot come. That
list was prepared by no man's hand, as a
glance at it will show. Hera is the con
densed joy that those who are ill will re
ceive:
Pound of tea, pound of coffee, five pounds
sugar, ten pounds beans, five pounds rice, two
packages mush, can tomatoes, can fruit, sack
salt, two burs soap, packet cornstarch, three
pounds apnles, two pounds dried fruit, sack
coal, sack Hour, sack potatoes.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
The Picture ok the Floor— F. D., City.
"The Picture on the Barroom Floor" is by H
Antoine D'Arcy and Is to be found in No. 33 oi
"The One Hundred Choice Selections" series,
so a iriend of this department writes.
kiGHT and Wrong— M. S. ( City. It was An
drew Jackson who said "Ask nothing but
what is right, submit to nothing wrong." That
was his conception of what our foreign policy
Rhould be, as embodied iv instructions to our
Ministers abroad.
To ths Farallones— Enquirer, Point Reyes,
Marin County, Cal. The distance from the
center oi a line drawn across the Golden Gate
to the North Farallone Island ia 28^ miles, to
the Middle Farallone Is 25$£ miles and to the
South Farallone 24^ miles.
Tides— L., Haywards, Cal. The high tide
above the plane of reference is 5 6-10 feet at
San Francisco; at New York, 5 2-10 feet. At
New Orleans the tides do not perceptibly affect
the water front, but the highest water observed
above the plane of re erence was fifteen feet.
Deskrt Laxd-L., Haywards, Cal. The pro
visions of the desert land act would occupy
too much space to explain; too much for tbls
department to devote to it. You can obtain
all information in regard to it by calling at
the United States Land Office in San Francisco.
McKinley'B Plurality — J. F., City. The
complete official returns of California are not
in yet, but as there are only two or three very
small precincts to hear from, the result will
not be materially affected. The results as far
as counted show a p.ura.iiy oi 1822 for Mo-
Kinley.
Ossawattomie Bbown— M. S.. City. "Ossa
wattomie" was a name that John Brown of
Harpers Ferry fame acquired while in Kansas-
He located at Ossawattomie. in that State, and
the name was used us a prefix to distinguish
him from another John Brown who lived in
the vicinity.
The Pension Office— a., Santa Rosa, Cal.
The force of the United States Pension Office
at San Francisco is made up of a Pension
Agent, salary $4000; oue chief clerk, $1800;
one clerk, $1200 ; one clerk, f 800: two clerks,
$720 each, and seven clerks, $600 each. Tne
cierks are now under tbe civil service rules.
Limit of Vision— Enquirer, Point Reyes,
Marin . County, Cat. ..The ■ question, "At what
distance can one discern an object, on a vast
stretch of water with the naked eye?" cannot
be answered specifically. The limits of vision
vary with th« individual,^ho elevation, con
ditions of the atmosphere, Intensity of Illum
ination and other moitryltiK cloments In "iW
feront'-caaei. i On a olour dny an -object one
foot above a lovol piano way Im aeon at a dis
tance oi l.ai units.; div object 10 i«ct high,
4 15 miles; one 20 feet high. 5.86 «£«*: one
100 teet high, 13-1 miles; ""e a mik-'higb (as
the top oi a mountain, 95.23 miles. This al
lows 690 inches for the curvature of ;he
earth, and assumes that t ho si?" and illumina
tion of the object are sufficient to produce an
image Five miles may be taken «s the ex
treme limit at which a man is visible on a flat
plain to an observer on the samo level.
The Branch Mint— L. W., Eden Vale, SanU
Clara County. Cai. The office of Superintend
ent of the Branch Mint at San Francisco does
not come under the provisions of the civil
service rules. In the Mint there is a captain
of the watch who is paid So per diem, four
outride watchmen who receive each $3 per
diem an<l thirteen other watchmen who are
paid 92 50 each per diem. The sHlary of the
superintendent of the mint is iHoOO per year.
Gbangers-M. 8., City. A secret society
known as the Patrons of Husbandry was
organized in the city of Washington in 1867,
and the subordinate bodies established in a
number of States were called "granges," and
from this name arose the name "granger" to
members of the organization. From the fur
ther fact that the purpose of the organization
was to aid farmers to enable the m to co-oper
ate and purchase their supplies at first hand,
the term "granger" ha 3 since been applied to
all farmers. - ...
Second Papers— Constant Reader, City. If
you obtained . your first papers in the city of
Chicago there is no reason why you should re
turn to that city to be admitted a citizen of
the United States. Yon can present your
papers to the Superior or United States courts
in this City and obtain your final papers if
you have two witnesses to prove that you have
resided continuously in the United States for
five years preceding the application you shall
make. As you are a sea captain the time you
are away from land does not count against
you, providing that in the five years you al
ways claimed the United States as your place
of residence and never took up a residence in
a foreign land.
; • Old Glory— Several Subscribers. A friend
of this department has kindly furnished the
following concerning the origin of "Old
Glory" as applied to the American flag:
The following appears in th« children's depart
ment of the American Monthly Magazine In reply -
to the question, "Way via* the United state* (last
caliel old Glory?" The anestion was answered
by Margaret Mulford l.aihrop, secretary uf O.d
N"or:b Bridge Chapter, Socletv of tb*» Children of
the American Revolution, of Concord. Mass. The
answer was taken from Coffin's "Drum neat of the
Nation": Stephen Driver had been a sea captain
belore the Civil War, and sailed from Salem,
Mass., to foreign ports, once, whan in a foreign
port, for some important service rendered the
people, lie received from them a beautiful Ameri
can tin-:. A priest blessed it as It rose to tne mast
head of the snip and Captain Driver prom sod to
defend it with his lite if need he. Giving UD the
tea, he settled in Nashville, 'lenn., and when the
war began, to secrete the flue, he. 8- wed it in a
quilt and slept under It i very night, He named It
••old (.lory." When the troops under Bnell en
tered Nashville February. 1862. he to.d the story
of Old Ulory, brought it out, went with them to
the roof of the, Mate House and. flung it to tho
breeze, the men In blue inking their caps aud
shouting their hurrahs. ....
Icecreaic and cuk<t». Uuiilel'tt, 905Larkin.*
4 lbs. famous broken candy, handsome bkts.,
50c. Townsend's, Palace building. •
» ♦ — . »
Fpectal Information daily to mannfactnrqrt,
business nouses 'and public men.b" the l*ra»i
capping .bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. '
•—• — ♦ — • ■
Fogy— Tell me now,. if. you can, do they
learn any tiling at college besides sports and
yells?
ruJge— Oh, they learn a lot of things be
sides.
Fogy— For instance?
Fudge— Oh, well, you cau't expect & fellow to
tell off band. —Boston Transcript.
Phillips' Kock Isiuurt l-Jxcurslonm
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Rla
Grande Md Rock Island Hallways. Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man.
ager and porters accompany thei • excursions to
Beaton.- For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation*
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent rock Island Hallway, 80 Mont
gomery street, tan Francisco.
"Mr«. in alow' 8 Soothing Syrnp*
Has t^en used over fifty years by millions ot
mother* tor iheir children whlie Teething with per«
feet success. Jt soothes the child, softens the gums,
allays Pain, tores Wind Colic, regulates .he Bowel)
and is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing from tee. h Ing or other causes, .for sale hydras
gists In every part of th« world. JBe sure and as«
lor Airs. Winslow'a toothing Syrup. . -5c a bottle.
! - no.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry. soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
iron further north., Bound-trip tickets, by steam,
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel Oal
Corouado, f 65; longer stay *2 50 per day. Apply
iKtw Montgomery »t., Kan .Francisco.
AyekN Cherry Pectoral, if used according to
direclons, is a speedy cure for colds. Ask your
druggist for Ayer'B Almanac.
James Payn, according to "Great Thoughts,'*
still remains an inveterate whist player,
tbrmgh he says he can no longer de*J the cards
himself. His old club friends visit him regu
larly twice a week at Maida Vale and enjoy &
rubber or two with him. Mr. Payn now die.
tales all his literary and journalistic work to
an amanuensis.
Royal is (fee orrfy
baking powder
made on scientific
principles. Trained
chemists in every
department. All
ingredients must
test to standard
strength and abso-
lute purity. If you
care for your
health, or if you
study plain, sim-
ple, every-day
economy, it is im-
perative that you
see to it that no
baking powder but
the Royal enters
your kitchen. The
low-grade, cheap
powders contain
alum and lime and
injuriously affect
the stomach and
kidneys.
10YAI •AKJNQ POWD&R CO., NCTMTQfDIiWEDShSDAY .......:. DECEMBER 23, 3896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bawwis Thiatsb- The Brownies.
COI.CII3IA THKATKR~-The Railroad of Lore."
I! or osco's OrKBA-HOUBK— • She."
, Alcazar Thkatkk.— •Cricket on the Hearth'
'. Tivoli Upkba Hocsk.— Jack and The Bean
stalk. ;,
< KPHFrM-High-Class Vaudeville >
Krw Bcsh-btrkkt Theater.- "The Queen of
the Plains.'
Cibcus Rotal/— Eddy and Mason its.— Prof. O.
B. Oleason. , v
, _^ »* Chtjtks and Skatdtß RrvK.— DaUr at
Haight street, one block east of the Park.
Sutro Baths— Bathing and performances.
Oakland Rack Track. —Races to-day. * V.
* : . I'-'-. AUCTION SALtS.
Rrae— This day, December 23, at Golden Gate
i Hall, 625 Suiter street, at Ba. m. to 10 p. v.
BY 8. Tabch— This (fay, December 28, Guns,
• Ammunition, etc., at 40 Clay street, at 10 clock.
By Davis, Habkb <fc Co.— This day. Dec. 23.
Bicycles, at 211 Pine sired, at 10 o'clock.
By Wh. BnTTKBKij:Li>-/rhis day. December 23.
.Cloaks, at 422 Kearny st..nt 2 and 7 o'clock.
By 1. H. Bvri>— This lay, December 23, Fnr
tnre, at 211 I arttln street.'at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Auditor Broderick ht* finished his report on
• delinquent taxes for the year past. •
The Chris! mas exercises of the Chinese
Presbyterian Church look place last evening.
> The Beard of Healtljwas enjoined yesterday
irom revoking the mik permit of the Pioneer
Dairy. I /
The Brown and Ptti tastes opium-smuggling
cases are on trial in tie United States District
Court. \
The Grand Jury recommends that the offensa
of selling lottery ticiets should be declared a
felony. \
The aerial ballet cam will be heard by Judge
McKeana in the Uiitea States Circuit Court
to-day. !
( Judge Campbell will act as Santa Clans "up
i to date" in the First Christian Church of Oak
m land to-night.
" By inference the Supreme Court has found
that th* law for the protection of ownership of
bottles is valid. '•
Scotchmen are btfoming more and more
wrought up over the scheme to build a Burns
monument in the pirk.
Marcie A, MysticJMaze, Howard 8, Key del
Kandiuos and Sea Sjray were the winners at
Oakland track yesterday.
A garnishment fo< $1700 was placed on the
Baldwin Hotel management last evening in
, the suit 01 William tnowles.
The Grand Jury submitted its final report to i
Judge Slack yesteday and was discharged
with the thanks of|he court.
• William Moore, barged with assault with a
deadly weapon, pieaded guilty to assault in
Judge Belcher's co(rt yesterday.
• Arthur Randall, |harged with assault with
a deadly weapon, fas found guilty of assault
in Judge Belcher'^ourt yesterday.
Frank Warner pleaded guilty to a charge of
' forgery in Judgd Be. Cher's court yesterday.
He will be seniened next Saturday.
By order of Judte Low the books of Tim R.
'Sullivan, clerk « his court, were yesterday
handed over to (he official expert for exami
nation. , - r /-;;
.' The Grand Ju*' cannot commend the man
agement of Gotten Gate Part. Too much
money is allows to contractors on progressive
. estimate's. /■ '
■ . a. J. Pratt has filed a petition in insolvency.
He owes E. .teinhart & Co. of W'nnemucca,
Nev., $3000, snd James Leonard of Reno, Nev.,
$1050. No assets. \  ...
* Mrs. Harriynn, an old lady living at 1223%
,' Folsom street, slipped on a banana reel on
Mis. ion street yesterday andsustained injuries
' that may prove fatal. \
Two little «L:ildren were boneless yesterday,
within three days of uhristnas. They have
been placed in the care ot tie. Ladies' Protec
• ; tion and Relief Society. '.
The trial of the will conte.t in the estate of
the late Li, dia A. Spaldiug, proprietor of the
Bella Vista Hotel, lias been Bet for the 28th
inst. in Judge black's court. I •
The members of the PointLobo< Improve
" ment Club take issue with C. 3. Hubbs and his
reason for commenting on tie motives which
inspired the duo' s previous. etions.
The Balvation Army is busly engaged in fit
ting up the building at Newllontgoir.ery and
. Howard streets, where they rill give their big
"" Christmas dinner to the desiring poor.
Regular passenger servie on the Valley
road has been inaugurated fctweon San Fran
cisco and Fresno, and rates are but half of
those now charge I by the Southern Pacific.
. At tne request of the Chamber of Commerce
of this City, the Navy Department has ordered
the enlistment of 100 npptntice boys in the
United States naval servicekt Mare Island.
The County Clerk's offic has the laugh on
• the Grand Jury. Frederic! Hobbs, the fore
man, borrowed a public doument and lost it.
The paper was found on tie stairway of the
Produce Exchange.
A defective flue in a -story building 011
Jackson street and Washigton alley caused
about $300 damage to tip iroperly yester
day afternoon. An alarmwas sounded from
box 25 at 2:20 o'clock. I
The appraisement of th^estate of the late
Susan M. Hollirook shi^s a valuation of
. $33,654 79. Among theiassets' were many
' va.u;.bK diamonds and oher gems, besides a
•large quantity of rich weeing appareL
Attorney G. A. RemrJol* has been cited to
appear before Judge &ck next Tuesday
morning and explain dv pat ri?ht he claims
$10,000 worth of personl property formerly
belonging to the late Mrs Sarah If. Parsons.
In regard to the curren story of a complaint
made against Dr. A. P. >'Brien by Superin
tendent Clarksou of the louse, of Correction.
Dr. Quintan wishes to eny the published
- statement that he was c'dltd out to that insti
tution. . ■ . ... . . ; .
The articles of inco»oration of the San
Francisco Electrical Corp. my have been filed.
The organizers of the company are H. P.
Thuyer, Frank Thurber J. B. Warren, M. L.
. 'Osier. A. E. Pryor. lie capital stock Is
. $50,000.
• * Mrs. Mary M. Pfeiffer ti s filed a report of her
transactions as executriiof the estate of the
•late Jane i-iuff, in whici she alleges that she
has careiully performs all her duties and
' that she has on harm elonging to the estate
. $4152 39. ,• S
" . ' Kavanaugh & Gallaghr have sued Milk In
. spector Dockery and t< Board of Health to
prevent the further jes truction of milk
alleged to be impure, Mockery is accused of
being malicious, intemerate and unlit for the
• position which he hold;
' * "Love's Sorrow," a long by : which Mrs.
Laura Milen James isiaid to have won the
heart of the late Dr. iharles A. James, has
■ been admitted as an jxhibit in the contest
over the dead man's 130,000 estate now on
■ trial in JpdTe Cofley's jourt.
' The estate of the lie Mary Small has been
J appraised and is foun<|to be worth $54,119 63.
Th" cash assets are *> follows: In German
Savings Bank, $11,6K-23; in Mutual Savings
* Bank, $11,506 40. - Tb remainder of the prop
- erty is in the form of sal estate.
The Board of Regdts of the University of
California, yesterday ss»d the need of an
" inspector of constructs for the work on the
affiliated colleges bulling and the advisabil
ity, for the (tlorific^oon of the university, or
allying. the Lick Obervatory and its astro
nomical work more cJsely to the university.
tTEVT TO-DAT.
. . . i.i .. • -■•' - t --- '
FERY humor, whiter Itching, burning,
-L' bleeding, scaly crtited, pimply, or blotchy,
whether simple, scrofi*ns, or hereditary, from
miancy to age, are nof speedily cured by
Qtlcura
Resolvent
A 6KIN" and blow purifier of Incomparable ),
■"• purity and cu/itlve power. Purely vegeta- ,
ble, safe, innocenlfand palatable. ' It appeals to
•11, and especial lWnothers, nurses, and children. ,
Bold^ ron K h< ">* ihe world. Price. CtTTictriu, SVj.I 1
Tii I /. 3Se '» RHoLffirr. SOe. and »1. Potto Dxo« |
a*dCbkm. Com Joie Propt., Brvwon.
■»* How to Cu£ Blood aid Bkln Haa»n, H tn*. ,
STILL TALKING
"THAT MONUMENT"
Influential Scots Declare
for the Burns Me
morial.
A Crmm ttee of Representative
Men Will Have Charge
of the Work.
It Will Be a Topic cf Interest at tbe
Annual Meeting of the Cale
donian Club.
"It was my good fortune a year ago to
visit Scotland, and incidentally
there the birthplace, the home and the
burial-place of .burns and many of the
places made famous by Robert Bnrns,"
said John F. Kennedy, yesterday, while
talking of the plan to erect a monument
to the poet of the people.
"lean say what I have to say in this
The Burns Monument at Dumfries.
matter in a very few words," he con
tinued. "I am heartily in favor of the
plan, and would do all in my power to
further it. Indeed, it i" a matter of
wonder with me that the poet has been
so long neglected on this coast.
"Burn? has afforded the world more en
tertainment in his 'Tain o' Shanter' than
any other one man that I know of in all
other works. I saw the inn and sat down
at the same table where Tarn and tne
others sat and made merry. I crossed the
bridge and went over some of the tracks
followed by Tarn on that ev> nlful night.
"Yes, Burns should have a monument
here, ami it is a good plan to gather to
gether the Burns monuments — pictures of
them I mean — as they exist in the Old
and New World. They will suggest ideas
nnd give some notion of what the work
ought to cost. I saw sevoral monuments
to the poet in Scotland. That at his burial
place is not pretentious. Burns is not sim
ply a national character; he belongs to the
"whole world. lam certain that there will
be a quick and generous response to the
call for aid for the building of a monument
to him. For one, I am heartily in favor
of it."
D. R. McNeill, chief ranger of the Cale
donians, said yesterday: "I am hearing
words o; encouragement on the monu
ment proposition every day now by tetter
anci telephone. The suggestion made at
tbe recent annual banquet cf the Cale
donian Club seems to bave touched a
responsive chord among the citizen
Scotchmen aud men of Scotch descent. I
have no fear about the ultimate success
of the uudcTtafcin . L am in full accord
Colin M. Boyd's views as expressed
in to-day'a Call as to the care and cau
tion with which the undertaking should
be started.
"A committee of thoroughly reuresen
;aiive men will have to be put in charce
of 'be work by the club and the commit
tee equipped withTfull power to go on with
it to the end. By that I mean that the
committee should be made permanent
and given full charge of the work. The
club would then hold the committee re
sponsible. In that way we would secure
the great st expedition, through the com
mittee being untrammeied, and the best,
results through bavins; concentrated upon
it the best intelligence at our command.
The monument will be the topic of inter
est at the meeting of the Caledonians in
January."
"I would of course do my share in the
matter of the Burns monument," said
Hugh Craig yesterday.
A NEW CHARITY ASSURED.
Mount Zion Hospital Will Open on the
First of the Year.
There was a meeting of the Mount
Zion Hospital Association last night in
the vestry-rooms of the synagogue at
Taylor and Pust streets.
The committee on collections presented
the draft ot a circular to be sent to the
Jewish population of the City and State.
It is evident that there is great enthusi
asm regarding the proposed charity, which
is noble in its ambitions. A liberal re
sponse is already assured irom the people.
On motion of Milton is. Eisner it was
agreed to open the hospital and polyclinic
on January 1 in order to aia the unfortu
nate indigent sick already anxiously
awaiting the opening of these charitable
institutions.
A hospital committee, consisting of Mil
»on fc>. Eisner, Joseph Nuphtaly and E.
Raas, was appointed to comer with t: c
physicians in arranging the details of the
inauguration.
The first meeting of these joint commit-*
tees Will take place to-night in order to
expedite matters as much a* possible.
Volunteers of America.
The first benefit concert under the auspices
of the Volunteers of America for Hope Hall,
a tempor*ry refuse tor discharged prisoners,
will be given on Tuesday evening at old
Y. M. C. A. hall, 232 Suiter street Herman
Brandt's amateur orchestra and some of the
best local talent will appear on this occasion.
To the Memory of Kri. Cooper.
At a special meeting of the Golden Gate Frce
bel Association, at 211 Ninth street, on Mon
day, eloquent memorial resolutions were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
unanimously adopted on the death ot its
president, Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, and her
daughter, Harriet Cooper. The resolutions
were signed by Mary E. Gamble (chairman),
Cora B. Qriffiu, Belle T. Scott, Hannah E. East
man and Heien T. Bacon, committee on reso
lutions.
SIDEWALK SNARES.
Mr*. Horrigan, an Old Lady. Slips on a
BgDana Peel and Kecelvei
Seriona Injuries.
Mrs. Horria;an, who has reached the age
of 91 years, slipped on a banana pepl yes
terday morninx on Mission street and fell,
sustaining injuries that may prove fatal.
She resides at 1223% Fol&om street and
yesterday morning; called upon her son
Daniel, who is working in a new building
opposite St. Patrick's Church, on Mission
street, with a Christmas present. She
left him and was walking alone tue street
on her way to visit another son, who lives
on Minna street, when she stepped on the
banana peel.
The patrol waeon was summoned) and
Policemen G. B. Baldwin and I. J. Cole
naau took her to her home, as she refused
to go to the Receiving Hospital. The
family physician was summoned, and he
ionnd that one of her legs was broken and
her spine injured. Owing to her advanced
age, she may not survive the shock to her
system.
Will Play Football.
The third regular annual football contest
under the auspices of the League of the Cross
Cadets will take place at Central Pnrk on New-
Year's day. Game will be called cromptly at
2:30 o'clock. The contesting teams will be
the elevens from Company A of St. Mary's
Cathedral and Comt>auy B of S . 1 hnrles
Church. TWe two previous football matches
playe 1 under the auspices of the league re
sulted in ties, so that the coming contest is
exciting unusual interest. Both teajns have
been assiduously practicing for many weeks
past, and a well-played game in every respect
is anticipated. The er> ikthl admission has
been placed at 25 cents, with reserved seats
25 cents extra, i'.'ominent members of the
Berkeley and Stanford teams have been re
quested'to act rs the officials (or the game.
THE LAUGH ON THE JURY.
How Frederick Hobbt Lost the Report
of M.iskoy, Foreman of the Pre
ceding; Grand Jury.
The laugh i.s not on the County Clerk's
office this time. Now the broad smile is
at the expense of the Grand Jury. Yes
terday it transpired that an important
court document — a paper no less cele
brated than the official report of th^ Grand
Jury of which Frank Maskey was fore
man — nad been missing from the archives
of the court for several weeks.
This precious document was found on
tne stairway Jeadinptothe Produce Ex
change on November 21 last, and the
tinder, noting the signature of Frank
Maskey, sent it to the Jatter's place of
business, on Kearny street. Mr. Maskey
was not in the store when the messenger
boy delivered the document, but it was
duly received, according to indorsement,
by Tessie, one of the young ladies of the
establishment.
Of course, Mr. Maskey was not pleased
when he ascertained thnt tne report on
which Frank McLennan, Theodore Payne,
Alplieus Bull Jr. and others of his asso
ciates had passed anxious days and sleep
less nights had been kicked about on the
stairs of a grain exchange, but he put it
in his safe, however, resolving to make
another attempt to lo ige it in the archives
of justice. Time went along, the days
glided by and the report reposed in the
safe. Meanwhile it laakel out that a rare
docum-nt which ought to be sacredly
guarded, by the County Clerk was not in
Mr. Curry's possession.
The Call received an intimation that
Mr. Curry couid not produce this paper,
and so a reporter was directed to wait on
Chief Clerk Harry Piper and solicit the
privilege of inspecting it. Mr. Piper lis
tened respectfully to the request, and
without shedding a feather opened a
drawer in his desk and produced a half
sheet of an old newspaper wh:ch pur
ported to contain a copy of the aforesaid
Grand Jury report. The scribe wanted to
see the original report with the signature
of Mr. Maskey and the record of filing at
tached. Mr. Piper said he could not pro
duce that document, but he allowed the
reporter to read a letter accounting for
the absence of the paper so much dis
cussed. Here is the letter:
Grand Jury of the City and County of San
Francisco. State of California, City Hall, San
Francisco, liecember 22, 1896.
Hon. Charles F. Curry, < ounty Clerk of San
Francisco — Dear Sir: In October last, shortly
after the Graua Jury was impaneled, I bor
rowed and received irnm your office a copy of
the report of the last Grand Jury for reference
in the work oi the present Grand Jury, of
which I was nppointed foreman. With morti
fication and regret I have to acknowledge that
the said report has been mis. aid or lost while
in my possession, mid I am only able to sub
stitute th;s copy of the same as printed in the
Daily Examiner of September 18, 1896, which
I believe to be a Hill and complete duplicate
of the original. Very rrspectiuily yours,
Frederick Hobbs, Foreman.
To the idltor of "the Call."
From an article that appeared in last
Thursday's Chronicie a wrong impression
has gone oat concerning the esteemed pas
tor of oar Chinese Baptist Charch. The
article stated that Lee Chuck Hoy, a Bap
tist minister, had been arrested in a house
on Washington street, for "aiding and
abetting a Chinese lottery." Many people
not beina farui'iar with our pastor's name,
wiiich is Tong Kit Hin^, have supposed
that this Lee Chuck Hoy is our pastor.
Yours truly. Chaeles W. Weight.*
Medicated honey is tue latest novelty.
A French scientist causes it to be produc> rt
by keepinp bees under glass, so that they
can only sip the bweets o. flowers which
possess medicinal properties.
Army and Nary Ciub Whisky. Affi
davit guarantees it strictly pure; 6 years
old. Meyerfeid, Mitchell & Co., 116 Front
street, San Francisco. *
COCKERY IS AGAIN
ACCUSED OF WRONG
Kavanaugh & Gallagher
Charge the Milkman
With Malice.
The Celebrated Pioneer Dairy
Case Up Again in Another
Form.
CilHng in Question a "So-Called
Test" Made en a Cold, Windy
Night in the Open Street
Milk Inspector Dockery had another
suit filed against him yesterday, the plain
tiffs being Robert P. Kavanausrh and
Joseph F. Gallaeher, proprietors of the
Pioneer Dairy. Mayor Sutro and the
other members of the Board of Health
are made co-defendants with D ickery on
the assumption that they would accept
Dockery's report us against tbe ] laintiffs'
in respect to the quality of milk furnished
by them, to their irreparable injury.
Messrs. Kavanaush & Gallagher
allege that on the llth inst., on FoJsom
street, between Eighteenth and Nine
teenth, in this City, between the hours of
2 and 3 o'clock, the said defendant, Dock
ery, took possession of a wagon-load of
pure milk belonging to the. plaintiffs, and
emptied tbe milk into the street under
the pretense that it was impure, when in
fact it was pure milk, and contained more
than 12 per cent of milk solids, less than
88 per cent of water or fluids, and more
than 3 1-5 per cent of fats, and that said
milk conformed in all respects to the re
quirements of the ordinances of this City
in regard to such matters.
It is further set forth that on the 16th
inst. Do ckery reported to the Board of
Health that the milk so destroyed was
impure and recommended that the permit
to sell pure milk theretofore granted to
tbe plaintiff be revoked and canceled;
that tbe Board of Health cited Kavanagh
& Gallagher to appear and show cause
why their permit should not be annulled,
and objection is made to this proceeding
on the ground that no proper trial can be
had before tbe Board of Health, as that
body has no power to issue subpenas and
compel the attendance of witnesses.
Furthermore, it averred that Dockery has
threatened to assault Kavanagh & Gal
lagher if they attempt to defend them
selves before the Board ot Health.
The plaintiffs further allece that at the
time the milk was destroyed a "so-called
test" was made by Docker*' in the night
time, between the hours of 2 ami 3 o'clock
in the morning, on a cold and windy
night in the open street, and that if the
so-called test haii been made by an im
partial and unprejudiced man he could
not have correctly tested the milk by tde
means adopted at such a time and under
such conditions.
Dockery's good faith is brought in issue
by the assertion that when lie destroyed
the milk here mentioned, falsely charging
that it was impure, he did so in fraud of
plaintiffs' rights, and knowing that the
plaintiffs were not selling impure milk,
and that the miik so destroyed was pure;
that DocKery is illiterate ana intemperate,
and unlit for the position which tie holds,
and that his action in this case as in
many others was malicious and unwar
ranted, and done for the purpose of in
juring these complainants in their busi
ness.
For a motive on the part of Dockery to
injure them,- Messrs. Kavanaugh & Gal
lagher aver that on the 20th of last Feb
ruary Dockery seized and destroyed milk
in which one of the.-c plaintiffs was inter
ested on the pretense that it contained
preservaline, though he knew that accusa
tion to be false; tbat the identical milk
was examined and tested by Professor
Thomas Price, a scientific man and chem
ist, who declared the milk to be pure;
that ever since February Dockery has
maliciously, lileealiy and fraudulently
charged these plaintiffs with selling im
pure milk, whereas in lact they were and
are selling nothing but pure and unadul
terated milk; that Dockery's action was
taken for the sole purpose of destroying
the plaintiffs' business by giving pub
licity to false and malicious statements.
Taking a side lick at tbe Board of
Health, the plaintiffs allege that the
Board oi Health purposely delayed the
hearing of the accusations filed by Dock
ery with the intent and object of destroy
ing the business of the plaintiffs, and that
the Board of Health will, if not enjoined,
take from the plait? tiffs permission to
carry on their business.
On this showing Judge Hunt granted a
temporary order restraining the Board of
Health from revoking the licensee of
Kavanaueh & Gallagher and will hear
argument in regard to tbe matter at 10
o'clock this morning, at which time a
decision will also be delivered on the de
murrer to the suit for the removal of
Dockerv from office on the ground of
blackmail and intemperance.
Mr. Dockery said last night that he gava
tbe milk of the Pioneer Dairy a full and
fair test, giving them a sample of that
taken. He is willing to abide by that test.
INJUNCTION SERVED.
The Board of Health Prohibited
From Interfering: With the
Pioneer Dairy.
In tbe midst of the meeting of the Board
of Health yesterday an injunction was
served on the members prohibiting them
from declaring void the milk permit of
the Pioneer Dairy.
The plaintiffs are Robert P. Kavanaugh
and Joseph F. Gallagher, proprietors of
the dairy.
They make strong charges against Food
Inspector Dockery in connection with his
inspection of their milk.
The injunction was issued by Judge
Hunt, and was made returnable on Jauu
ary 8.
The board appointed Thomas Callan
and P. J. Murphy assistant lood inspect
ors at $75 per month each, and alvo the
following internes at the City and County
Hospital: Joliri Fife, Charies H.Lowell,
Samuel H. Rea, John B. Rodgers, Philip
Matson, Thomas and I. W. Thome. Ex
ternes were appointed as follows: Kirby
B. Smith and John H. Graves.
The cases of Drs. O'Brien and McMurdo,
who were said to have neglected their
duties- in attending to the various jails,
were looked into, and the board decided
that there was nothing in the charges.
THIBETAN ANIMALS.
Marco Polo's Description of the Famous
• Yak and the Musk Deer.
There are wild cattle in that country
almost as big as elephants, splendid crea
tures, covered everywhere but on the back
with shaggy bair a good four palms long,
says St. Nicholas. They are partly.black,
partly white, and really wonderfully fine
creatures, and' the hair or : wool ns; ex
tremely fine i and white, finer and whiter
than i sil k. Messer Marco brought some to
Venice as a great curiosity, and so it was
reckoned by those who saw it. There are
also plenty them tame, which have been
caught young.' Thee the people use com
monly for : burdeu and general work, and
in the plow as well, and at the latter they
will do full twice as mnch work as any
other cattle, being such very strong beasts.
In this country, too, is found the best
musk in the world, and I will tell you how
it is produced. There exists in that region
a kind of a wild' animal like a gazelle. It
has feet and a tail like a gazelle's and
stau's hair of a very coarse kind, but no
horns. It has four tusks, two below and
two above, about three inches long and
slender in form, one pair growing upward
and the other downward. It is a very
pretty creature. The musk is found in
this way: When the creature has been
taken they nnd between the flesh and the
skin something line an impostume fall of
blood, which they cut out and remove
With all the skin attached to it. And the
blood inside tbispostume is the musk that
produces the wonderful perfume. There
is an immense number of these beasts in
the country we are speaking of. The flesh
is very good to eat. Mes.-er Marco brought
the dried head and feet of one of these
with him to Venice.
The people are traders and artisans and
also grow abundance of corn. The prov
ince has an extent of twenly-six days'
journey. Pheasants are found there twice
as bi2 as ours — indeed, nearly as big as a
peacock — and having tails of seven 10 ten
palms in length, and besides them other
pheasants in aspect like our own, and
birds of many other kinds and of beauti
ful variegated plumage. The people, who
are idolators, are fat folk 9 with little noses
and black hair and no beard, except a few
hairs on tbe upper lip. The women, too,
dive very smooth and white skins, and In
every respect are pretty creatures.
FETED IN HIGH MASONRY
Installation in the Presence oi
Members of Oriental
Lodge.
Officers Who Will S,»rve for the En
suing Masonic Year— Presentation
of a J?we,l.
The thirty-seventh installation of tbe
officers elected and appointed by Orisntal
Lodge No. 144, Free and Accepted Masons,
for the ensuing year, was held in St.
John's Hall, Masonic Temple, last even
ing, in the presence of a large number of
the membership and visitors. The in
stallation, whicn was not a public one,
was conducted by Franfc Bacon Ladd, tlie
retiring worshipful master, who was as
sisted by Past Master Charles Bor.e, tilling
the office of marshal. The charges were
delivered with that lrnpressiveness which
always marks a ceremony of this charac
ter to the following-named: Rev. Edward
Bently Church, worshipful master; Wil
liam Rheinhard Jost, senior warden; Rob
ert Head Morrow, junior warden; George
Howard Thompson, treasurer; Adoiphus
Skinner Hubbard, secretary; Rev. George
Edward Walk, chaplain; James Morris
Troutt, senior deacon; Frederick Summer
field Hughe*, junior deacon; Clarence
Barstow Sloan and George Willis Jost,
stewar ls; James Hargrave Wallace, mar
shal, and William Frey burg Flick, tyler.
Treasurer Thompson's installation was
the fourteenth and Secretary Hubbaid'3
the fifth. The lodge was opened under
dis-pansation from a. Greens Curtis, grand
master of Masons in California, on the
20. h of May, 1860, with John B. Newton,
W. M.
The music during the ceremony was
rendered by Benjamin Clark first tenor,
F. W. \fyhittich second tenor, J. R. Jones
tirst basso, and W. E. Campbell second
basso.
At the close of the ceremony the Rev.
George E. Walk, on behalf of the lodge, in
a very touching speech presented to retir
ing Master Frank Bacon Ladd a massive
gold past master's jewel, after which there
was a banquet in the upper hall, where
covers were laid for more than one hun
dred. There was no set programme, but
after the good things provided had been
disposed of there were volunteer toasts
and music, the festivities being kept until
a late hour.
Among the members of the lodge are:
R. H. Lloyd, F. H. Porter, D. Fairchild, C.
Jost Sr., Thomas Kyle, W. C. Wright, George
W. Jost, Charles Bone, Llewelyn Davies. C B.
Sloan, David C. Smith, Roger Johnson, George
J. Smith, F. S. Hughes Austin Walratli, W. 0.
Campbell, J. V. Hunter, Judge J. M.
Troutt, John G. Us. C. H. Warner,
George H. Siebe, George B. Crooks,
Ferdinand Westdahl, Rev. .George E. Walk,
L. W. Smith, J. Tonningsen, Charles Jost Jr.,
D. D. Sunttmk, E. C. Lindquiat, C. W. Wilkin
son, H. J. Smith, Dr. M. T. Wilson, S. G. Mur
phy, F. E. Bridges, James S. Angus, C. F. B*s
&ett, Thomas H. Nichols, George Habernicht,
Walter S. Brown, James Boyos, F. B. Ladd,
Rev. Ed B. Church, G. Howard Thompson, A.
S. Hubbard, Robert H. Morrow, James H.
Wallace, Benjamin Clark, Ed P. Cole, C. 8.
Crittenden, E. L. Cuttcn, James MacMuilen,
W. H. Chapman, George B. Crooks, W. F.
Dorrance, Barlow Dyer, W. F. Empey, W. M.
Fitzhill, Samuel Foster, A. J. Gunmson. Mont
gomery Goldly, J. H. Gray, Dr. M. S. Giberson,
Robert Hodge, \V. D. Horbo, Charles Jost Jr.,
M. J. Lindsay, H. E. Lang, Charges F. M'Jtzner,
George McCloskey, Dr. Tiiomns Morfow, W. H.
Milestone, Rasmus Nelson, A. J. Pinkstone.
H. J. Smith, Dr. D. L. Sieele, J. R. Sloan, Dana
Thompson, S. C. Thomson, F. J. Venn, D. W.
Boyd, Benjamin Clark.
The visitors were:
E. C. Bonner.W. F. Green, H. J. Burns, Harry
F. Chace, George A. J. Jewell, Captain George
H. Whitman, A. H. Kayton, J. P._Frager, Dr. E.
W. Westpual. E. A. English, D. W. Boyd. E. K.
ChApman, William Curlett, W. T. Fetkins, W.
A. Zollner. W. W. Slocker, H. C. Firebaugh, J.
R. Jones, E. C. Hare and R. H. Countryman.
A Deserving Charity.
The Helpers' Home, 41? First street, an off
shoot of the Good Samaritan Mission, urgently
appeals to the kind-hearted people of this City
for assistance in providing 100 poor, sick and
helpless families with a Christmas dinner.
The home devotes all its energies to the reliei
of the impoverished and knows well the awful
destitution which prevails among many de
serving families. Help, prompt and generous,
is greatly needed. Please notify the home or
the mission.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce have been filed as follows:
Katie Fleischer against Charles Fleischer,
William Abbott against linry Abbott, Thomas
J. Veach against Mary L. Veach.
NEW TO-DAY. V
Eilliiillil
THE METHOD OF .4 GREAT TREATMENT
. FOR -.WEAIim OF MM.
■;■ /, ', -\ . .- . ' ■ '
WHICH rrEKDHIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSE FAILED.
. Painful diseases are bnd enough, but when a
man is slowly ...wasting away with nervous
weakness the mental forebodings 'are ten
times worse than the most severe pain. There
is no let up .to- the .mental suffering day or
night.'. Sleep is almost impossible, and under
such a strain men are scarcely responsible for
what they do. » For years the writer rolled and
tossed on the troubled sea of sexual weakness
until It was a question' whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus end all
his throubles. But providential inspiration
came to his aid in the shape of a combination
of medicines that not only completely restored
the: general , health, •; but enlarged his weak,
emaciated parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares' that any man who will take
the trouble to send his name and address may
have the method of this wonderful treatment
free.; Now, when I say free I mean absolutely
without cost, because I want every weakened
man to get the benefit of my experience. ,:'
- I am not a philanthropist, i nor do I pose as
an enthusiast, but there are thousands of men
suffering the mental tortures. of weakened
manhood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one that
cured me. ADo not try. to study out how I can
afford to pay the few postage-stamps necessary
to mall the information, but send, for it ana
learn that there are a few things on earth
that, n\ though they cost 1 nothing ; to .' eet, are
worth a fortune to some men and mean a life-
time -of '. happiness \to most oi us. Write \to
/Thomas Sinter, box 2283, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a plain
sealed envelope. \
HIS BOOKS ARE
BEING EXPERTED
Police Court Clerk Sullivan
Is Once More in
Trouble.
Judge Low for the Second Time
Takes Action Against
Him
Discovery M de of an Alleged Short
age in Bail Money Deposited
Wita the Treasurer.
For some months the relations between
Judge Low and Tim R. Sullivan, the
clerk of his court, have been strained, and
the fact that the clerk had not been at bis
accustomed post since last Wednesday,
although represented by a substitute, has
brought matters to a crisis.
Sullivan's books were by order of the
Judge yesterday morning handed over to
Cyril Williams, the official expert, for ex
amination. T>e Judge also waited upon
Chief Crowley and asked him to take
action against Sullivan, but the Chief de
clined to accept the responsibility until it
could be clearly proved that thsre were
good and sufficient reasons for doing so.
The present trouble regarding the ex
perting of the books has boen caused by
the discovery made by Attorney Joseph
Coffev yesterday that $120 bail money de
posited by him with ClerK Sullivan on
September 22 in the cases of Ah Cong,
Tom Yum and Ah Mon, charged with vis
iting a faro game, had been withdrawn
from the Treasurer by an order of Sulli
van in favor of Frank H. Mead on Decem
ber 11.
In speaking of the matter the Judge
said: "I have given orders to several peo
ple for bajl money and they have come
from the Treasurer's office with the infor
mation that there was 110 money there for
them. I, of course, have no wish to inter
fere in tne private affairs of the clerk, but
it is my duty to see that tbe business of
the court is carried on lawfully, and when
thi^ state of facts became known to me I
could only perform my dnty and demand
an investigation. When Mr. Sullivan's
accounts were called in question be;ore
the matter was taken to Captain Lee.?,
Bullivan's friends resented that course
and asked why the attention of the
City's expert had not been called to the
alleged shortage. 3n this instance I have
done that very thing and the responsibil
ity must fall where it properly Oelongs."
On the previous occasion referred to by
the Judge Captain I^ees snt Detective
Seymour after Sullivan. He found him
attending to his duties in the court, and
told him that the captain wished to see
him. Sullivan was surprised at the
charge that his accounts were short, and
demanded a full investigation. He had
been sick for some weeks previous, and a
substitute had taken his p ace.
The investigation was male, and it was
found tbat instead of Sullivan's accounts
being short there was about $200 to his
credit with the Treasurer. The explana
tion given was tnat he had been in tbe
habit of paying bail money out of his pri
vate funds and drawing it from the Treas
urer in a lump sum at the end of each
month.
It was the know'edge of the result of
tne previous investigation that deter
mined Cnief Crowley not to interfere in
the matter when requested to do so by
the Jud c until the report of the expert
shall be made.
Patent Office Profits.
"So far there have been nearly 200
patents issued for horseshoes," observed a
blacksmith. "Every one of them was
supposed to have merit. A large number
of them were supposed to be of value for
the reason that they could be put on
horses by bands or clasps and thus save
time ana the expense of horseshoers. Six
NEW TO-DAY.
You can't go on losing
flesh under ordinary con-
ditions without the knowl-
edge that something is
wrong, either with diges-
tion or nutrition. If the
brain and nerves are not fed,
they can't work. If the
blood is not well supplied,
it can't travel on its life
journey through the body.
Wasting is tearing down;
Scott's Emulsion is building \
up. Its first action is to im-
prove digestion, create an ap-
petite and supply needed nu-
trition. Book free.
: •COTT A BOWNE, Chtmku, Ntw Yorh.
HEW 10-DAT-AJI^SEJIKNTS.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WAI/i'KK SCO. ..sola Lessee and Manager
A WONDERFUL CAST, ,
In the Startling Scenic Hevival of the Great
■ Spectacular Drama, ■ : ..■ •
"SHE!"
STIRRING SITUATIONS!'
BEAUTIFUL. SCENERY!
SURPKISING MECHANICAL EFFECTS!
Christmas- Day Matinee on Friday.
Ji\ ruins Prices— l.»o,—.»o ami • n.
Matinees. Saturday, and Sunday.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
INSTANTANEOUS SUCCESS OF MISS
KATE PURSSELL!
In Her Great Equestrian Play " ■
THE QUEENOJFTHE PLAINS
3 HOLIDAY atATINEES 3
FRIDAY.' SATURDAY AND DAY.
: : Popular Prices— l Oc, 20c and '3oc.
MMmm>
EVENINGS AND CHRISTMAS MATINEE.
The Sweetest Story Ever Told!—
D.ckens* beautiful loyl, - -
"THE CKIdLKI OJLTHE HfcARTB !"
Order seats by telephone. Black 991. '
Wight— l sc 25c, 85c. 50c .Matinee— 3 sc, 25c. 35c .
THE CHUTES.
THE WONDERFUL. LIFE-DEPICTING
ANIMAIOSCOPb ;. FREE!
■ See KOKTO'S perilous shoot down the Chutes
On a globe nightly. -  . ,
HEW TO-DAT.
IT'S CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. It's cures that count. It
is cures that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
world for its market. But
• sales prove nothing. .We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit:
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
thousand dollars, therefore, have been
paid into the Patent Office by inventors of
horseshoes.
'"Notoneof these inventions was ever
used, and to-day, as during tne past, bor>es
are shod. The only shoe that can be put
on a horse must be nailed on by a black*
smitn. There is no royal road to wealth,
and there is no way 10 shoe a horse ex
cept to naii 0.1 the shoe. This $6000 is
but a sma.l putp ut ot the money paid out in
connection with patented horseshoes."-—
Washington Star.
Among the Sultan's gold plate there are
dishes of solid gold large enough for a
baby's bath, and there are plates, cups
and saucers, tureens and pitchers, mas
sive and heavy, made of the same precious
metal.
Blondes should avoid tiie lighter shades
of blue, which are apt to give an ashy hue
to the complexion.
.KCW TO-DAY.
We intend to supply you
your tea through your gro-
cer — Schilling s Best.
If you don't like it, he will
return your money in full.
A Schilling: & Company
San Francisco 489
Money tea is Schil**
ling's Best — your grocer
returns your money in full
if you don't like it.
A Schilling & Company
■ S* '
"NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
41 Havman ifcLa (Incorporated) .Proprtato:«
TO-OTGHT AJjJj this and
IU i-MljrXll NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE TO-DAY
Friday (Christmas Day) and Saturday.
C. B. JKJf'FERSON, KUW & EBLANQKr'S WOK*
DERFOL PBODCCTIuN,
PALMER COX'S
BROWNIES,
With its unlimited delights.
Little Gertie Carlisle. The Earthquake & Volcano.
Dot funny German Baud. The Flying Balie:,
-..■'. Ktc., Ktc. _^
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mlia.l'.EXKi!Tixi-.|KKFi Proprietor us -U.aav»; j?
TO-NIOHT
OUR HOLIDAY SPECTACLE!
"JACK
—AND THE- —
BEANSTALK!"
' • A Treat for Young and Old..
A Well Filled Christmas tide Padding
of SONG, DANCE AND HUMOR.
SPECIAL MATINEE CHRISTMAS DAY
For the Ladies and Children.
Popular Prices ....25c antl 503,
Irt»;CDLAMLfi.GOTTIODl rt»;CDLAMLfi.G0TTl0D «_o^_Lt>i£i at.D ruriM tR» • • ■
WEARS I iron !
LIKE I . — .-
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY I
Again Crowded to the Doors— A Charmingly Beau-
tiful Flay.
THE RAILROAD OF LOVE
Augustfn Daly's Greatest Success.
Friday (Chris. mas Afternoon) Special Matinee.
Next Week........ A Great Triple Bill.
O'Farrell Street,' i^'- ween Stockton nnd How?:;.
Matinee To-Day (Wednesday), Dec. 23«
.Parquet, any seat, 2Bc; Ualcony, any se»*, ijj.
Children, 10c, any part.
The Sensation and Talk of the Cltyl
An Unrivaled Christmas Vaudeville Feast
The original and the only NILoS- iS'S KURCK
PKAN A - AL BALLET an J XI HALF Y'S
- UESPLE.NDhN'T BALLKT PAGEANT.
The Grandest spectacle 1 tver Proiuced in This
City.
ZAZELLE A.\D VERXON,
i onvdy Acrobats Supreme,
And a Great Bill of Comedy and Novelties.
Extra I Special Matinee Christmas Hay.
CIRCUS ROYAL.
People's Palace Bui dinar, Eddy and Mason sts.
TO-NIGHT.— TO-NIGHT!
BIG SUCCESS—BIG SUCCESS
GREAT GLEASON ! THE
GREAT ULCMDUBI ' GREAT
* King of Horse-Tamers.
POPULAR PRICES. POPULAR PRICES.
lOC, 30c, 50c.
SUTRO_BATHS.
$1000 IN PRIZES!
Grand International Tug-of-War!
Next jSTindeiy
December ~"i, iSini.
See Programme,
■ "America vs. irelmi'i.
< an ail. i vs. Denmark.
~',*"'"i Sweden vs. -Norway
Germany vs. Portugal.
Italy vs. slavonia. ,
General Admission 25 Cents. -
RAW '.aj^g RACING
— CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — ■ .
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
WINTER MEETING. 1896-97.
Beginning Tuesday, November 13,
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday,
'lliursday, Friiliy anil Saturday.
i:smor >h:ne. :
— Rac»s Start at 2:15 P. 31., Sharp —
, FIVE OB MOKE RACKS EACH DAY.
• Ferry Boats l--ave i-'an Francisco at 12 m. an!
12:30, 1 00, 1:30 and 2:00 p. it. connecting wiiu
trains stopping a: the entrance to trade.
• . Buy your terry, tickets 10 Berkeley."". > .»;■ < '■'■ - • " v:
■ '.Keturnlng— Trains leave the Trade at 4:15 aai T.
4:15 fm. and Immediately after the last race. ; -
--..- : ■ muMAsil. WILLIAMS Jiw iTßiWentt
. B. B. MILROY, Secretary. --* - ; -
78
JUDGE CAMPBELL
AS SANTA CLAUS
He Will Appear in an
Oakland Temple of
Worship.
Quite Likely to Ride Up the
Main Aisle on His Trusty
Wheel.
The First Christian Church to S3e a
Police Court Jurist in His
Bioomers.
The members of the First Christian
Church of Oakland, over which Rev. Ed
wards Davis presides, will be treated to a
new version of Santa Claus this evening,
and it is safe to say that the occasion will
be one long to be remembered in the Ath
ens of the Pacific.
The Rev. Mr. Davis is given to spring
ing innovations on his congregation. It
is but a short time ago that he announced
himself in favor of dancing as a harmless
form of amusement, shocking his more
conservative brethren of the cloth. Then,
before they had regained their breaths, he
was heard to sa& in tha presence of a
large and select audience that poker, if
no; played for Biases, was not as demoral
izing as many clergymen had been pleased
to term it, and that if occasion arose he
might take a band himself.
Now tie Rev. Mr. Davis has prepared a
new surprise for his flock, and Judge
Campbell, the bewhiskered Police Court
KITW TO-DAT.
EXTRA
BIG
GiftS—Free! Free!
Teas, Coffees, Spices.
EXTRA BIG OFFER FOR CHRISTMAS.
TOUR choice 2PH.3E3353:
1 F»nce Boat, decorated. 3 Hold Band Plates. 6 ViLisky Tumblers, ground bottom.
5 Tea Cups and 5a ncers. 1 Majolica Cuspidor. 1 Fancy Mustache (.'up and Saucer.
1 Large Majolica Vitccer. 5 Toothpick Holders. 4 Table Tumblers, engraved.
' i Fancy Ice Cream Dish. 1 Meat Disb. 30-inch. 6 Handled Lemonade <;lassei
3 Water Goblets, banded. 1 Fancy balad Dish. 1 hidf-gallou Waier Pitcher
3 CateS and, crystal. - Plates, festooned. 1 Chocolate Cup and Saucer.
1 Cheese Dish, cfy*taL 5 Lemonade Macs. 1 Case Plate, fancy china.
6 Water Goblets, pluio. 4 Bouquet Holders. 1 Berry I)iaa, crygta , .a.-jta.
1 Batter Dish, crystal. 1 Rebecca Tea rot. 2 Fancy Cups and saucer*, A. IX
5 Claret Glass's, plain. 1 Decanter. 1 Ca:>d:esiict. bisque.
5 Com pori-s. Individ 1 at Meal Set. 1 Bisque Mtfure Dancer.
t Ale or Keer Glasses. 1 Mlifc -«■!. 1 Vase, fancy Bohemian.
3 Cake Basket, :«i)Qy. 1 Syrup Pitcher. 1 Scollop. 7-inch, decorated.
1 I'.o.ie J a.. 6Eeir.- Dishes. 3 toup Plates, decorated.
4 Champa rrie Glasses. lteleryTray. 6 bailor Pepper .-haters.
: Bread and Milk Set. " 3 Dinner Plates. 1 Vegetabe D:»h, decorated.
2 Fancy Fruli Plates. 3 Oyster Bowls. A thousand o:her Fancy Dishes of orery
1 Pitcher, decorated. 6 Fruit saucen description.
OJNTE3 H£i£S "WI^TJEI BACIX
m^k r± Tpjiq
5^"% cts Teas, Spices,
%mJ? \&^ Baking Powders
Extra Double Presents | Extra Double Tickets
THIS OFFER HOLDS GOOD UNTIL NEW YEAR.
"WE T^7TT .T ■ SELLi
Chihawabe, Crockery, Glassware
AT
Big Cut Prices!
Fancy Chinaware and Glassware
Tea, Chocolate, Coffee Cups, Fancy Plates, Berry Dishes
10, 12K, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 75c each.
Chocolate, Ice Cream, Berry, Lemonade and Water Sets
• 50,65, 75, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 1.85, 1.95, 2.25, 2.50 per set.
China, Bisque, Fancy Vases, Figures and Ornaments
10, 1214, 15, 20, 25, 35, 50, 60, 75, 1.00, 1.25 each.
1 CUSPIDORES—2O, 25, 35, 40, 50, 75c each.
Genuine Delft China
Trays, Olives, Butter Mates, Cups, Cream Pitchers, Salads, Plaques
15, 20, 25, 35, 40, 50, 60, 55, 85, 1.00, 1.25, 1.50 each.
Tea Sets, complete for 12 persons
88.2- 25 eife 1 2- 75 sSi.ter.3-5o 58SS5-25
*■* Decoration jf- : \ >T- '
Dinner Sets complete for 6 persons
Pure 050 Pre »y A 75 Gold d. OO Superior ASO
White O Gray **" ' ° Handle O V '"- f China \d
7"f, Colors Trimmings Heliotrope
Dinner Sets complete 100 pieces
sro. 5- 75 as* 7.75 & d er 9.25 bk im 17.50
*** Colon ' Gold Handles : s f-' «gem * ■
Quality Best, Made by Best English Makers, Newest Shapes and Designs.
Prices -A. way "CXnder.
Stores, 100 in 3>Tumber.
G reat American I mportl Co.
140 Sixth St. 146 KTintli St.
1344MarkotSt. 218 Third. St.
2510 IVCissiouSt. 2008 Pillmoro St.
617 Kcarny St. 965 Market St. : v
1419 Foils. St. 3006 Sixtoenth St.
21 Montgomery aye. 104 Second. St.
333 Kayos St. 8285 Mission St.
OASXiAX33 STORES:
1053 \\rash.mgton St. 616 DES ast "X* x*7-olftla. St.
131 San Fa"blo 917 :i3:r.o**ci*vc«<y.
135S 3?arlt St.,:AlAm.eda> ;
HEADQUARTERS 52 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
jurist of this City, will cut an important
figure in the programme.
Everybody knows that Judge Camp
bell, with the exception of his pate, which
is Leeinning to shine like a billiard ball,
resembles the Santa Claus and the iame
,of his countenance finally reached tue
| Oakland divine. Here was a chance to
i secure an attraction out of the ordinary
run and Parson Davis jumped at it.
He called on Jud^e Campbell at his
courtroom a few days ego and asked the
jurist if he would consent to grace the oc
j casion of the First Church's annual holi
' any festivities and dispense the gifts with
which the magnificent Christmas tree
would be loaded.
"You would make a magnificent Santa
Claus," he said, with an admiring glance
at the Judge's beard, "and we would be
more than pleased to have you officiate
on that occasion. I am sure my congre
gation would appreciate your efforts."
"But," objected the representative of
the police bench, "I have arranged to go
on a bicycle ride on that day, and I may
return late and not be able to change my
clothes in time."
"Oh, that's all right," eaid the pastor.
"You can put on a wig and wear your
bloomers and appear as Santa Claus up to
date. That will add zest to the occasion
rather than be a drawback. Come in your
bicycie clothes br all means."
"AH right, I'll ba there." said Judge
Campbell; "and say, what's the matter
with riding up the aisle on my wheel?"
Rev. Mr. Davis was not to be outdone
by a light of the bench so he agreed that
such a prcceeding would be just the
thing.
Ko it was arranged that the Judge
should make upas Santa Claus "up to
date" beiore entering the church and give
the assemblage a genuine sensation such
as the pastor loves.
Judge Campbell has ft reputation as a
cyclist to sustain and it is expected that
his entree to the First Christian Church
will be the event of the season.
"Oh I'm going to be Santa Claus all
right," said Judge Campbell yesterday,
"and you can bet I'll do the job up brown.
This Oakland parson is all right and I'm
going to help him out all I can. If h>
wants me to ride right up to the puipit I
am going to do it.
"I have gone through some narrow
places on my bike and I guess a church
isle won't bother me. Tbey tell me I look
like a Santa Claus," and the jurist palled
his beard with one band, rubbed his lace
with the other and started down town to
get a w:g to match his whiskers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
A RESCUE HOME
ON NEW LINES
Major Frank Robinson
Starts a Plan on New
Principles.
Girls Will Ba Given an Oppor
tunity to Earn Their
Bread as They Go.
Rooms and Board for Fifty Will Be
Proviied at the Mission-Street
Domicile.
Major Frank Robinson, formerly a Sal
vation Army leader in Oakland, but who
has been doing rescue work for some years
in this City, has just opened an interest
ing establishment for unfortunate girls at
943 Mission street.
The major has Becnred the entire prem
ises on a lesse of three years, beginning
January 1, and he is making arranee-
RESCUE HOME FOR GIRLS ON MISSION STREET.
merits for the accommodation of fifty
eir:s.
"I shall try to conduct thi» rescue
home," said he last night, "along lines
that will make it almost self-supporting.
I have been in this work many years and
have profited by my experience and by the
errors of others."
One of the first innovations contem
plated is the plan of enabling the girls to
do work at tha home to make their own
livelihoods. There will be no charge to
them and no debt to follow them, as in
many lite institutions.
Major Robinson says the great trouble
with many such enterprises has been that
the leaders of the movements have kept
so close an espionage on the girls after
their reformation as to attract comment.
"Nothing can do a girl more harm," said
the leader of the new home, "than to fol
low her and betray to her employers the
facts of her history. I propose tnat no
one outside shall know that my girls have
ever fallen. They will leave me owing no
debt, and if necessary for their success
they may go forth under assumed names to
enable tuem to lead pure lives without
nnnoyance."
Major Kobinson has just Issued the fol
lowing circular letter to those interested
in rescue work:
We have Leased a nice building at 948 Mis
sion street, where we are going to open a
Res-cue Home for poor girls of this City and
surrounding cities. We ask you to kindly lay
this matter beiore the public We have been
in tee work for years. The plan is incorpo
rated, ana it is well known in Oakland and in
San Jose, and in this City as well. Our place,
when fined up, will accommodate fiUy girls.
My wife, inyseif and others will devote our
time in caring for these dear ones. It will be
fet'li-suDporiing in a measure, as we siiali find
work for ihe girls. When able to take them
situations will be obtained for them. Many
think these gir.s are able to do anything-, but
it is all a mistake. Many of them know how to
do nothing.
Many of them have an education, but noth
ing to go with it. What can you expect of these
poor souis that come to our cities expecting to
iina work as salesladies, typewriters dress
makers and anything but real labor? Yet
they should be cared for. and if oneshouid iall
let's give her &, chance to redeem iierself, which
many would do if given the opportunity. We
need $2UU in cash, fifty single beds, bedding,
furnimre, range, kitchen utensils, bathtubs,
dining-tflbles and fixtures, in fact everything
to make it look like a. home. We want to open
the home the 15th of January. We have a nice
hall where meetings are being held every
night. Any article addressed to me will find me
at 948 Mission street. Trusting you will i-e
-spond to this call I remain your brother in
Christ, Major Frank. Robinson.
Christ's Rescue Home, 948 Mission street.
It is the belief of the leaders of the new
movement for a home that inside of a year
tLey will be compelled to enlarge their
quarters or open branch homes. They have
been encouraged by ministers and philan
thropists throughout the City.
FASTEST OF FLYING BIRDS.
Homing Pigeons to Race for Valuable
Prizes in January— Two Thousand
■Will Be Liberated.
Pigeon racing is becoming quite a popu
lar fad and many sportsmen are patron
izing the pastime. The California Homing
Club is arranging for a grand series of
races, open to all. The first of the series
will be held on Sunday, January 10, at
Sacramento, and the second will be held
at San Jose on Saturday, January 30. Ac
cording to the rules of the club weather
conditions will not interfere with the
races. The prized are first a silver cup,
second a gold medal and third a silver
medal.
The following letter from George H.
Croley, who is one of the great promoters
of pigeon racing on this coast, to J. W.
Sayers, the racing secretary of the Cali
fornia Homing Club, is self-explanatory:
Dear Sir: I offer for "free for all" homing
pigeon races, six trophies as follows:
Two handsomely engraved silver cups, two
gold medals and two silver medals, to be flown
as stated hereunder.
One cup, one gold and one silver medal, I
offer through the California State Poultry As
sociation, race to take place from Sacramento,
Sunday, January 10, 1897, which is during
the poultry show to be held in Sacramento;
and one cup, one gold and one silver medal
through the Pacific Poultry and Pigeon Asso
ciation, race to take plnee from Ban Jose, Sat
urday, January 30, 1897, this date being one
of the last days oi this association's exhibition
in Oakland. These races are particularly in
tended to encourage amateurs.
I will not compete for any of these prizes but
the races are otherwise to be opened to all
comers whose lofts are situated witnin the dis
trict stated in the rules enclosed herewith.
Any one, whether a member of a pieeon as
sociatiou or not, and any bird, young or old,
bended or unbanded, may compete.
The races to be under the auspices of the Pa
cific Coast Pigeon Society, and the California
Homing Club in charge of the race.
Participants may emer and compete for the
prizes in either one or both of the races.
As some fanciers claim that they can only
arrange to fiy on Sundays, and for the reason
that others object to Sunday flying, these races
are so arranged that both may' be able to fly at
least one race. Yours, very truly,
George H. Ceoley.
The race secretary states that the num
ber of birds to be liberated will probably
reach from 1000 to 2000. and will exceed
any "toss" made west of Chicago. •
The United States Government and the
public generally are taking considerable
interest in homing pigeon flying, and
doubtless some of the Government liirds
at Mare Island will compete.
Entries for the Sacramento and San Jose
races will close at the rooms of the Pacific
Coast Pigeon Society, 632 Market street,
on December £6, between the hours of 3
and 10 p. m.
The rules state that all persons entering
birds must be willing to "time" at any
loft to which they may be assigned by the
race secretary. A substitute will only be
accepted by the race secretary for good
and sufficient reasons. Failure to comply
with this rule will debar the party so fall
ing from competing in ihe contest. The
time will be taken from start to click of
both wires after the birdon enteriug the
loft.
A certifiate o! record will be issued to
any of the participants in tne races who
may wish an official record of the dis
tances, time and speed of the birds, on
payment of 10 cents for each bird so re
corded. Participants wishing to secure
the certificate- must notify the race secre
tary at the time of delivering birds for
shipment to the races.
In deciaing the successful competitors
of each race the owner of the bird flying
the greatest number of yards per minute
shall be declared the winner of the first
(cup) prize.
The owner of the bird flyinjr the greatest
number of yards per minute, next to the
bird winning the first prize, sbaii be de
clared the winner of the second prize,
excluding all birds entered by winners of
tne first and third prize?.
The owner of the bird flying the greatest
number of yards per minute, next below
bird winning second prize, shall be de
clared the winner of the third prize, ex
cluding all birds entered by winners of
first and second prizes.
AN ATTEMPT TO KIDNAP.
Picked Up From the Doorsteps
of His Grandmother's
Residence.
Contention Between Father and Mother
Over the Custody of Charles
Henry Sykes Jr.
An unusual scene was witnessed by the
people that happened alone O'Farrell
street yesterday afternoon about 1 o'clock.
A distracted mother had stolen her
child from its grandmother and was hur
rying along almost faint from its weight,
pleading with the curious crowd that fol
lowed to protect her.
The woman was Mrs. Jane A. Sykes, a
teacher in the James Lick School, and the
child was her son, a little lad of 4 years,
who has been partially paralyzed since he
was a year old.
There has been domestic discord in the
SyKes family for months past, which
culminated some time ago when a divorce
complaint was tiled by Jane A. Sykes
against Charles H. Sykes, on the grounds
of extreme cruelty and failure to provide.
Mr. Sykes then left the family domicile
and took up his residence with his aged
mother, at 122 O'Farrell street
Since the latter part of November the
boy has been living with bis father and
grandmother, the father claiming tne
temporary custody until the case has been
decided by Judge Hunt
Yesterday afternoon while Mrs. Sykes
was walking along O'Farrell street she
espied her little son sitting on the door
steps of his grandmother's residence.
She had made a previous unsuccessful at
tempt to kidnap him, bat her plans had
Deen frustrated by the appearance of Mr.
Sykes and his lawyer. This time Mr.
Sykea was not there and only the aged
grandmother watched over him.
Mrs. Sykes immediately picked up the
child and rushed off with him, the grand
mother following after and a crowd of sev
eral hundred excited citizens trailing in
the rear, and at the corner of Ellis and
Mason streets a policeman hove in sight
and was called upon to settle who had a
right to the child.
He decided in favor of the grandmother,
who victoriously started home again, the
child being zealously guarded by the
officer.
The mother quietly gave up the battle
when she saw how nervous and frightened
the child had become, and will now await
the decision of Judge Hunt as to who is
the proper custodian. The sympathies of
the crowd were with Mrs. Sykes, and, had
it not been for the sudden interference of
the officer, a Market-street car would have
been boarded, and the boy would have
spent the night surrounded by his
brothers and sister at the home of his
mother, 13 Devon street.
Only 15 Cents.
Xmas News Letter; 88 pages.
> • m
Life Insurance Contest.
Jcdgfc Sanderson yesterday handed down a
, decision denying a new trial in the case ot
Mrs. Blake against the National Life i Insur- '
ance Company. The plaintiff is the widow of
the 5 late >•: Dr. Charles '% E. ; Blake, and -.vai
given a verdict against the company for the
amount of her husband's life Insurance policy.
■■' ■/ """•• m /•» — . .—. — •■'• ;
TO CUKE A COLO IN ONE D AT. f
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drng
gists refund the money it it fails to cure. 25c
POLK STREET
HAVE A FIESTA
A Carnival of Color and
Light for Two Days
and Nights.
The Petition to the Supervisors
for a Light Franchise
Withdrawn.
Members of the Po.k-Street "Beauti
fying Committee" and Their
Territory.
At a meeting of the Polk-street Improve
ment Club held at 1605 Polk street last
evening it was decided to hold a fiesta
December 30 and 3L The festivities will
take place during daylight in Uie form of
parades, and at night the street will be a
grand blaze oi light. Bonfires and fire
works will add their flame to the glow of
thousands of electric lamps. The decora
tions in colored bunting will be gorgeous.
A warm discussion came up during the
meeting over the question of the new
street lights. President Kohn vacated the
chair and moved that the petition now be
fore the Board of Supervisors requesting
a franchise to erect electric-lamp poles
along Poik street be withdrawn.
He stated that he was sure the petition
would not be granted, as an ordinance had
been passed that ail light wires in the fu
ture sbould be placed underground. Fur
thermore, he stated that notwithstanding
they were under a contract to take light
from tne Edison Company for $3 a lamp
per month, they could transfer ihe con
tract to the Merchants' Association. By
so doing tbev could get the same service
for $2 25, as the association had a contract
with the Edison Company, and the club
would save $50 per month. He had been
assured that this could be done without
friction.
M. Levin, chairman of the light com- j
mittee, objected to the motion. He said j
the petition would be granted next Thurs- I
day by the board, and when the poles
were up and wired the Mutual Electric
.bight would furnish them a service at i
$1/5 a light a month.
"Let us in some way get the opposition
company here," eaid he. '"It knocked
down the Edison wire and it will do so
again."
A number of other speakers followed
the lead of Chairman Kohrn and spoke in
favor of transferring the contract to the
Merchants 'Association at $2 25.| At a vote i
the motion was carried unanimously and ■
the committee was discharged.
The following were appointed as a beau- j
tifying committee to supervise the keep- |
ing of Polk street clean :
Frank D. Wood, from Sutler to Bush; J.
C. Van Bibber, Bush to Pine; Fred Cur
tis, Pine to California; M. McAvoy, Cali- j
fornia to Sacramento; C. E. Anderson, .
Sacramento to Clay; W. Schuitise, Clay [
to Washington; G. B. Barron, Washing
ton to Jackson; D. Mahony, Jackson to
Pacific; S. Russell, Pacific to Broadway;
Martin iienk, Broadway to Vallejo.
The n«xt meeting of the club will be the
second Tuesday in January.
DELINQUENT TAXES.
The Auditor's Figure* for the Tear
Past and Tax Collector's Work
Given Out.
Auditor Broderick rendered his report
of the delinquent taxes for tbe past year
yesterday.
He found that there was due the City
on real estate $68,810 72; on personal
property unsecured by real estate, $101,
-982 15, and ou personal property Becured
by real estate, $55,490 73, making a total
of $218,283 40. The penalty on this amount
is $32,778 86.
Since July 1 the Tax Collector has re
ceived $3,497,065 89 from the foliowing
sources: Dupont-street widening bonds,
$4975 62; taxes of previous years, $5373 28;
duplicates and over payments, $4438 68;
personal property taxes secured Dy real
estate. $656,359 82, first installment on
real estate; $2,245,333 81; second install
KEW TO-DAT.
Boys,
Ho!
Tell your mother about our special sale of Holiday
clothing this week — tell her how she can buy you a nice
suit at our wholesale prices and have a lot left for toys
and good things.
Boys' and Children's Fine StylisH Clothing is our
Holiday fad.
Remember the Blue Signs ! Remember that the
only manufacturers of clothing selling at retail at whole-
sale prices in San Francisco are at 121 and 123 Sansome
street, second block from Market. ■
OPEN I ■ nnnilffcl ■ S op EN
to- BHUWN^i^ to-
NIGHT ; \rholesale Manufacturers | NIGHT! >
Props. Oregon City Woolen Mitts If
: - Fine Clothing U 1
 . g : For Man, Boy or Child i
\ RETAILED H
At Wholesale Prices I
121-123 SANSOME STREET; I
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts. - " ] •"■* H " "
■' : .'"'■ ALL BLUE SIGNS I
BprnirT^p^wa^H nt Tt> ~% <> %i. <^ m^ ■> ■■ <i>_^ ff .■n-. IM -—
menton real estate, $546,156 77; personal
property taxes unsecured, $34,432 91;
deeds, $15.
FIGHT WITH A BEAK.
Frltx Bergin, a Butcher. Ha« an Excit
ing Experience, but Succeeds in
Killing the Beast.
Fritz Bergin is employed by Mark
Strouse, propr etor of the Bay City Pack
ing - house. San Bruno and Courtland
avenues, ana butcher on Market streer.
Last night he was sent to the Dacking
house with another man to kill three large
bears for the Christmas market. Bergin
is an expert at slaughtering cattle, but he
is a novice at the bear business.
Bergin armed himself with a long
knife and a hatchet, and the other man
prepared to lasso the largest of the three
Dears as soon as is was let loose in the
slaughtering pen.
The bear pranced around the pen, and
in a minute tbe rope was thrown round
his neck and he was brought sharply up on
his haunches.
The bear growled fiercely and struggled
to get free, while Bergin boldly advanced
to stun him by a blow with the hatchet.
The blow was well aimed, buc the bear
dodged it and, with a fierce growl, strug
gled to get at Bergin, who beat a mo
mentary retreat.
As Bergin again advanced with the
hatchet the bear made a desperate Innge
at him and succeeded in catching his left
arm between hfs teeth. Bergin yelled to
tbe other man to pull on the rope with all
his might. The man did so, while the
bear kept chewing at Bergin's arm. The
struggle was short, and the bear was
forced to relinquish his hold of the arm.
Bergin, driven frantic with the pain in
his lacerated area, rushed at the bear and
drove the hatchet into his skull, killing
him instantly.
It was decided to wait till to-night be
fore attempting to kill ihe otner two
bears, and Bergia was driven to his home
and a physician was summoned to attend
to his wounded arm.
POINT LOBOS CLUB.
The History of the Club and Iti Work
for Richmond.
Tbe Point Lobos Improvement Club met
last night at Crossthwaite's Hall on Fifth
avenue.
After the routine business of the meet
ing the secretary read the following com
munication from Mayor-elect Pnelan in
answer to one sent from the club at its last
meeting:
Jfr. George B. Fletcher. President Point Lobos
Improvement Club— Dear Sir: 1 have your favor
of November 27 communicating the resolu
tion of the Point Lobos Improvement Club re
questing representation on the Committee of
One Hundred to draft a new charter for the
City and County of San Francisco. I will be
pleased to comply with that request. I will
name yourself as that person and hope you
will accept. Youra truly,
James D. Phelak.
Under the head of new business R. M.
Wood spoke at considerable length upon
the inconvenience afforded the Richmond
District people by the Market-street Rail
road Company In its management of the
car service on the Sacramento-street line
after 6 o'clock in the evening, by which
passengers are compelled to wait at Cen
tral avenue for twenty minutes for a con
necting car to take them from that point
to their homes in the Richmond.
Following on this line, E. P. E. Troy
hau a complaint to make about tbe Geary
street line in not giving transfers to any of
the crosstown lines. For instance to the
Fillmore and Kearny street lines.
A motion was made and carried that a
committee be apppointed to wait on Mr.
Huntin^ton and urge on him the necessity
of affording relief on the issues com
plained of. The chair appointed E. P. E.
Troy, Edward Ginley and F. E. O'Brien
as such a committee.
President Fletcher asKed the privilege of
th«» club to respond in part to the com
ments of one Charles H. Hubbs, who in
an open communication to the press com
mented on the personnel of the Point Lo
bos Improvement Club. Mr. Fletcher
handle* Mr. Hubbs without gloves.
IRISH PRISONERS AIDED.
Treasurer Bessy Sends a Handsome
Check to »w York.
Tbe Irish Political Prisoners' Associa
tion of San Francisco lately sent a check
of $2394 55 to William Lyman of New
York, who is at the head of the American
movement for the relief of the distressed.
A graceful telegraphic acknowledgment
was received by Treasurer Jeremiah Daasy
yesterday, and a more extended reply will
be forthcoming al an early date.
Tne local association began its work
very quietly a few montna ago and raised
the sum named without any publicity,
wiihout giving any entertainments, or
making systematic calls on the people.
The following gentlemen are officers of
the association: Dr. M. C. O'Toole, presi
dent; Jeremiah Mahoney, vice-president ;
William F. Stafford, secretary; Jeremian
Deasy, treasurer.
Most of the money received will go for
the relief of Dr. Gallagher and his friend,
Whitehead. both of whom sufrer?d rerma
nent impairment of their bealta by their
imprisonment.
REMBOLD MUST ANSWER.
Cited by Judge Slack to Kxplaiu His
Acts in the Parsons
Estate.
Judge Slack has issued an order for At
torney G. A. Rembold to appear next
Tuesday morning and show how he be
came possessed of jewelry and other val
uables worth about $10,000 tnat until a
few days ago belonged to the estate of
Mrs. Sarah M. Parsons.
The estate of the dead woman is esti
mated to be worth $100,000, the greater
part being in the State of Georgia. The
lady came to California a short time ago
to be treated fui dropsy, but her cale
proved beyond tie reach of medical aid
and she succumbed to the disease.
A few days Defoie her aeath Mrs. Par
sons employed Attorney Rcmbold to draw
her will and at theisms time delivered to
him the jewelry anc other personal prop
erty in her possession. He now says that
these things she coiveyed to him to pay
for services rendered
"When inquiry was made in reeard to
the will Mr. RemboU replied that he had
sent it to Georgia in order that it might
be admitted to probate. In doing this it
is held that Mr. lembold acted in
ignorance or disrega-dof the law which
requires the custodial of sucn a will so
made in this State to iie the same in thi*
(State within thirty dars after the death of
the testator.
It is possible that Mr. Hem bold may
escape punishment oi this account by
having the instrummt returned from
Georgia in time to canply with the law.
In that event he will hive no more serious
trouble to pace than t» explain to Dr. H.
P. Maasand other bemhciaries unaer the
will how he Happens tcown $10,000 worth
of property formerly belonging to tb# (
dead woman, his only service, so far aa t
they know, being the d-awing of her will.
Laplanders often skae a distance of 150
miles a day.
JHEW I<M>AT.
You can; spread
Christmas jcy over all
the rest of ycur life.
Give furniiure.
A few random hints:
e^-w^tt Ifs here that
yoiill find the
odd. unique and
out -of -the -ordi-
nary pieces for
fable you're suit
able we can suit
— both as to
style and price.
Tea tables— those S£ji§4vjPi
exquisite adjmcts to "ffi^F^i^\\
the fascinating "five- Jt^j^MK \
o'clock." Si^wi''??
Daintiness of de- VbH£ ]F /'■
sign is the ke'f note; I^HV^J V
then comes >rices, WpK§!v "V *.
starting at $350. /
° - ,
'Is^^ So many
v |?i I ; -tF beautiful odd
( » • fJf Ira chairs or the
\T ■t^i\]fiiW Parlor — but
nl *Hi y/Aiil come an see
I i-ji*\ them for your-
B^^^^^^^SJ Second floor;
I ~%\ sta y an d feast
k . o '-^\|l| your eyes till
|/^r~*~~-~ II your heart's
U i#*^» .rrfSs l3 con * en t'
■ " ,r
ty pattern in bird;- f^'*K
pigeon-holes ii- ]i|lss?^i§§
side, brass railirg On§Hl)B
ip^fi^^j^r I Bookcases — S6
pSIKfM ; P r more - Yet
F^^^j i^i ure s tooexpen-
§ Bookcases — $6
or more. Yet
some say furni-
ture is too expen-
sive for gifts.
; ~^^ W-1 They don't
i^^s^iP^ enow how little
a rgft t at does cost —
hat's what's the
Then comes a J **'' -^~ :>^
happy and gener- ir^'."
ous idea for the A
i sick and invalided
'—table to have m -
meals in bed from. 
Comfort the year <f^ \ .-__ -g li;^^,
. Open evenings, of
course.
California Furiiture Company
(N P. Cole & Co) 3 Carpets
117 Geary Street ■ *£&*_
»♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦•♦»«♦»♦♦»♦♦♦♦♦»»
I Dr. Martin's I
| Pain Curer !
i; Is Hot Sniff, t
♦;". .: ' - ,-" \ ♦ ■
♦ But Will Not Blister or Burn. X
- " t
* , For internal use, diluted Tith water, it - < >
•> ii an agreeable medicine o take . ... ♦
i- ■■ ■' ' ■■ -■ \ ' -' °
♦ 250, 50c and SI Pet Bottle. \\
i An droggiata sell t. . %COULD BUTTE
MATCH THESE MEN?
An All- California Football
Team of Picked
Players.
Eleven Chosen for Particular
Merit During Season's
Games
Seven From Stanford, Two From Cali
fornia, Two Frcm O.ympic, None
From Reliance.
Recently a member of the Olympic Club,
prominent for the interest he takes in
athletic^ wrote, while on a visit to Butte
City, Wont., that in his opinion the Butte
football team, as now constituted, could
defeat any eleven that conld be got to
gether from the players on the coast.
It is safe to say that the numerous men
forming and gathered about the four big
elevens of this State constitute tne best of
the developed and actively engaged foot
ball material now on the coast. An All-
California team this season would there
fore be an All-Pacific-Coast team.
With this season's football games among
I the Big teams of the State— Stanford, Cali
fornia, Olympic and Reliance— decided
' and the abilities of the various players
fairly well demonstrated, the question
naturally arises, Who of all the football
material would now properly constitute
an All-California team ? The selection of
men for such an eleven is in some cases a
difficult matter even for one who has care
fully watched all this seas-on's games and
has witnessed every match of any impor
tance played about San Francisco Bay
during the last live years, together with
innumerable practice gumes and minor
football contests.
The wort of certain players stands out
with sufficient prominence, however, to
insure them a place to begin with on the
All-California team. These men are Run
some ot California for fullback. Cotton of
Stanford for halfback, Nolan of Olympic
for end, Williams of Stanford for center,
aud Carle of Stanford for guard. It is not so
easy to choose the best men for the other
six positions. Nor probably will every
football enthusiast, particularly if he be
strongly in favor of a certain team, agree
with the selections here made. They are
based entirely upon an estimate of each
man's ability and reliability in his par
ticular position in all branches of botu
offensive and defensive play and in
emergencies, as shown by his perform
ances, not in one brilliant exhibition or in
one unfortunate experience, but through
out all the games in which he played,
and judging alike bis strong points and
his weak points.
Here, then, is the team that might
properly be termed the picfc of the sea
son s crop of players, S. standing for Stan
lord, C. for California, O. for Olympic and
R. for Reliance:
Ends— Nolaa (O.) and Straight (8.); substi
tutes—McCormick (O.) and Craig (C).
Tackles— Rice (S.) and Thomas (£.); substi
tutes—Simpson (C.) aiid Sexton (R.).
Guards— Carle (b.) and Fickeri (S.); substi
tutes—Oliver (R.) ond Sheeny (O.)-
Center — Williams (S.); substitute — Ames (O.)
cr Burnett (K.).
Quarter — code (O.); substitute — Kennedy
(CO or Murphy (a).
Hallbacks— Cotton (S.) and Hall (C); substi
tutes— Stickrey (O ) and Walton (R.).
Fullback— Ransome (C); substitute—Stick
ney (O.) or Murphy (S.).
Now for the specific reasons for the
choice of these men over others, and par
ticularly over those thought so lhtle in
ferior that they have been selected as sub
stitutes or alternates for the different
places.
Ransome is probably the greatest foot
bail player that has ever been at the Uni
versity of California. His work ai the
Oakland High School promised mucb,
and his four years' service on the Califor
nia Varsity fulfilled that promise. Dur
ing the last three yeara he d:d the kicking
for his team, and bis all-round, playing, qs
a heavy, powerful runner in a scattered
field, as a line-bucker, as an interferer, as
a punter and as a tackier, easily entitles
him to tne reputation of being th • be^t
fullback that has ever played on the Pa
cific Coast. That he did not play in the
recent Thanksgiving game in the perfec
tion of his r.pual lorm was due partly to
the fact that his line could not afford him
proper protection, and largely to the im
mense responsibility that devolved upon
him alone as captain and star player of a
certainly outclassed team.
Cotton, though he occupied the full
back's position for the first time in the
Tbank->givin<: match, practically played
as a halfbacK, for he was never once
called upon to kick, which is one of the
most important functions of the position,
nor was it intended that lie should punt.
He was simply put in the place at the
eleventh hour, as he had before been
placed in other vulnerable positions, be
cause his. unusual versatility fitted him
for any place on the team. The speed
that made him useful as an end rush one
year, the tackling and great weight that
made him effective as a tackle last year
and the unprecedented line-buckine abil
ity of thi» year, never before equalled on
this coast by any player, together with a
tenacity in handling the ball, combine in
making Cotton probably the surest ground
gainer of any of the backs and at the
same time an "all-round player of too great
value to be left off this picked eleven.
Nolan's quickne-s and eureness in
reaching the runner, his hard and in
lallibJe tackling and his ability to run
with the ball mark him as by far the best
end that bas played on the coast. That
he ia an exceptional man in the position
is attested by the fact that although a
West Pointer, and therefore to a certain
extent not so prominently noticed as
players on the big four college teams-
Yale, Princeton, Pennsylvania and Har
vard — he was last year named as end on
the imaginary All- America team.
Williams' constantly aggressive playing
both on the offensive and defensive, bis
ability to care for bis opponent and still
figure prominently in tackling far from
his place in the line, bis passing, his suc
cess in blocking kicks and his cleverness
in getting down the field and in keeping
close to the ball entitle him to the dia
tinction of first place among the centers
on the coast, though he is the lightest of
the big centers, with the exception of
Carr, who, though deserving of credit and
praise for bis grit, was completely out
classed by Williams; one significant proof
of this statement being the thirty-ei^ht
gains made tbroiurh California's center in
the Thanksgiving matcn to the four made
through Stanford's center.
Carle is the Heaviest gooa football
player on the coast, weighing in ordinary
dress 225 pounds. He is particularly agile
and is built near ihe ground. He em
ploys these natural advantages in his pe
culiar style of play and with a pucceaa that
those who have seen him make openings
Jor the backb can attest. The assistance
he gives his side partners 13 also a valu
able feature of bin reliable though not par
ticularly noticeable play.
Straight's steady, conscientious work in
getting down the field on kicks, in tack
ling and particularly in offensive play in
helping to box the other tackle, renders
him a valuable end and probably the pick
of the collegians and the superior of the
club ends, excepting, of course, Nolan.
Rice's hard, aggressive, steady playing
and low tackling, his knowledge and em
ployment of numerous tricks necessitated
by being long opposed to much superior
weight, his knack in keeping always close
to the ball and frequently securing it on
fumbles or by stealing it," constitute points
that after the disadvantages of his light
ness are deducted a balance remains in
bis favor that makes him more valuable
to a team than a heavier tackier, as was
shown especially by his record in the
; Thanksgiving game when opposed to a
tackle thirty-four pounds heavier than
himself.
Thomas showed hinißelf the match of
Simpson, man to man, in the Thanksgiv
ing game, and in addition to that he re
peatedly figured more prominently in
plays elsewhere on the field. He used his
weight well in smashing up heavy inter
ference, though much cf his tackling, be
cause too high, was not so good as that of
many of the other tackles. That m«n
who played against and behind both
Thomas and Rice ranked Rice as the bet
ter tackle would indicate that Simpson,
though possessed of considerable reputa
tion as a dangerous opponent, did not
show such valuable form as to displace
either of these men for a place on the All-
California team.
Fickert's general and unfailing reliabil
ity, in other seasons and in this season
especially, in bei»ig just where he was
needed at the proper time, and always
taking good care of his man without starr
ing one moment and relaxing in vigilance
ana skill the next, mark him as a most
valuable but not brilliant guard. Not
nearly the cqu:U in interference alone of
the formidable Oliver, nor near the equal
of Slieeby in running with the ball, the
big Stanford captain displayed other and
more all-round qualifications for the posi
tion, and proved hinvelf a greater factor
in a team than is Smith, the Olympic
guard.
Code did better work this season than in
any of the four years he played quarter
for Stanford. His clean passing, his hard,
dashing, demon-like playing in con
tinually breaking through the line to spoil
the pass, his interferins for the runner,
his kicking from the quarterback's posi
tion, and even his tackling ail combined
to make the Olympic quarter as a quarter
probably the best man in the position.
Murphy, the Stanford quarter, demon
strated that in football generalship he
probably has no equal on the coast ex
cepting, perhaps, Stickney. His punting
and running with the ball were admirable,
but with no disDaragement to his brilliant
showing as a lreshman yet undeveloped
by Varsity coaching to his possibilities, it
must be said that pimply as a quarter
Murpliy was not the equal of Code, Ken
nedy, Mclntosh, and perhaps Arlett, be
cause he rarely tackled, seldom trot into
the crush, and was outclassed by the
others in interference.
But without Ransome to kick Murphy
would, because of his kicking and troner
als ip, undoubtedly be a more valuable
man than Code to the All-California team.
He is, however, like Stlcicney, who is
probably the best all-rocnd player on the
coast, not so well fitted for a particular
position as some other men of less versa
tility.
Hall's fast end-running, his interference
and ability to take advantage of interfer
ence, his weight, his sureness in handling
tne ball and his effective advances through
a scattered held should give him a place
as oue of the two most valuable halfbacks
that the State could offer this season for a
representative team. Hall's playing in
all bis games was admirable and in the
Thanksciving match appeared to be the
best in the California team.
He and Cotton would make a pair of big,
heavy, fairly speedy and most reliable
ground-raining and defensive halfbacks.
Neither would be so speedy as Walton,
but both wouid probably be more reiiable
in tackling, in catching pums and in in
terfering. Both would outweigh Stickney
by from about twenty-five to thirty-five
pounds, and would be proportionately val
uable in line bucking and heavy interfer
ence on end runs. Were either of these
halfs less valuable, experienced at the
game and reliable, Sticuney would eetthe
place, and his accurate and scientific kick
ing might be of sufficient value in a game
to equal or discount gre^t weight and
more specific qualifications for the primary
duties of the halfback.
Tilts, then, is «n AN-Californin eleven
v^w^~^^^J' l:W TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
I Jl \/\ |\lK< faces we see as the result of our Holiday J^sJ^'i// J P' rf^a jw 1 "
/ Ms ! al Sale, our great gifts of Men's Suits and ~*^}ly M
S. N. WOOD & CO.
(COLUMBIAN WOOIfI MILLS),
541 Market Street.
Open Evenings Until Christmas. Directly Opposite Sansome.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
that might be got together from the best
players on this coast. could it do
against the Butte team if given a week's
practice in teamwork and signals. ? Not
a man on this picked team has played
football less than three seasons, and some
have had six years' experience. All have
received the best coaching in Kastern
methods. Not one of them is a quitter,
nor, as experience has shown, are they
the kind that are laid out in a game, or
that cost their team the penalties for off
side or foul playing or holding in the line.
Unless there has been a miraculous im
provement in the quality of iootball
played by the big Butte team here a year
ago, this All-California team could in all
probability outclass it almost man for man
In all those points of play that distin
guish football from a game of terrific
strength, with here and there a phenom
enally fleet-footed man valuable in ad
vancing the ball, but of little use in de
fensive play. And right here credit should
be given one unusually fast runner, whose
defensive play in the Thanksgiving game
v.as exceptionally fine and particularly
surprising in view of his earlier per
formances. Searight's defensive worn as
a halfback in that game was to b« com
pared with that of Frankenheimer in sea
sons past.
That this All-California team could de
feat Butte will never be actually proven,
but on Christmas afternoon when Butte
meets Olympic at Central Park a good
line ought to be furnished on what tbe
score would be.
This morning the Butte team will arrive
in this City direct from Montana by
special car.
THE DIAMOND PALACE.
Colonel Andrews' Desire to Retire
From Business Is
Absolute.
As the readers of The Call are aware,
our distinguished fellow-iownsman, Colo
nel Andrews, announced his intention
some time ago of closing up his business
and retiring from active life. The colonel
informed a reporter to-day that he would
adhere to this resolution and that he
would sacrifice his entire stock for this
purpose. His mapnincent stock of dia
monds will be sold 35 per cent less than
any other house in th» City.
Silverware, regardless of the most ex
quisite design and costly make, will be
closed out at 95 cents per ounce.
At this time of the year, when irrespon
sible people are offering unreliable induce
ments to purchasers, it is a fonunat*
thine that intending buyers of Christmas
jewelry and objets dart can avail them
selves of the colonel's assurance of an im
mense reduction, which, as the entire com
munity knows, is absolutely a guarantee of
quality and price.
The Call regrets the colonel's departure
from San Francisco's business life, of
which be bas formed so important a his
torical part, together with the disappear
ance of the famous Diamond Palace,
which stands without a peer in the world.
Mine Sold in Madoni County.
A three-quarter Interest In the Syndicate
mine, situated near Grub Gulch, Madera
County, has beeu sold through the Gold
Mining Exchange. Immediately after the
sale ore whs struck in the shaitwhicii aver
aged $100 per ion. The party purchasing the
property fi as been offered over $100,000 ad
vance on the price: he pnid for his interest,
which he has refused, and he is now in San
Francisco arranging for machinery for a ten
stamp mill to be placed upon the mine.
Steamboat and Ship Builders.
Articles of Incorporation ol the J. 8. KlmbalU
Company have been filed, the purposes of the
incorporation being to build and deal in ships
and boats and to operate the same, as well as to
engage in the lumbering business and other
matters of liice import. The incomorators
are: John & Klmball. Charles E. Kimball,
Helen X. Kimbali, John H. Bullock and
Charles E. Wilson. The capital stock is
$500,000.
On an average three British seamen
lose their lives every day by drowning
and tiiree hundred British steamers and
sailing vessels are lost yearly at sea.
THESE WILL RULE
THE COMMITTEES
Chairmen Selected Last
Night at a Caucus of
Supervisors-Elect.
Dr. Rottanzi Chosen the Head of
the Finance Committee to
Dr. Clinton's borrow.
Morton, Republican, Given a Place on
Outside Lands Bcause There Was
No Democrat for It.
There was a caucus of Supervisors-elect
last evening in the office of Dr. T. A. Rot
tanzi for the purpose of selecting the chair
men of standing committees of the board.
Supervisor-elect Britt, on account of his
parliamentary knowledge, was selected to
preside.
There was no contest for any of the po
sitions except lor the Finance Committee.
Dr. Clinton wanted the position, so did Dr.
Rottanzi, and there wns quite a little
struggle for the place. To the disappoint
ment of Dr. Clinton his opponent got
away with the prize by a vote of 5 to 2.
The defeated doctor then announced
that he wanted the chairmanship of
the Outside Lands Committee, but
after some talk he agreed to take
the Water Committee with the un
derstanding that he would be allowed to
choose his associates. As Britt and Dodge
voted for him for the Finance Committee
it is possible that they will be his asso
ciates.
Lackman (R.) had experienced a desire
for the chairmanship of the License Com
mittee and Smith (R.) also wanted to be
on the Judiciary Committee, so he was
allowed that position. There was but one
chairmanship to fill, with no Democrats
and only one Republican left unprovided
for. This was the Outside Lands Commit
tee and that wrnt to Morton.
The chairmanships as decided in caucus
are as follows:
Finance— Rottanzi (D.)
Streets — Devaney (D.)
Hospital— Dodge (D.)
Water— Clinton (D.)
Health and Police— Deianey (D.)
Printing— Haskins (D.)
Lights— Rivers (D.)
Fire Department— Britt (D.)
Public Buildings— Bneehan (D.)
Judiciary— Smith (R.)
License— Lackman (R.)
Out3ide Lands— Morton (R.)
The meeting, outside of the contest on
the Finance Committee, was a very har
monious one, and there was an agree
ment until some date not yet determined
upon to make a selection of those who
will act in conjunction with the several
heads of committees.
Oold in Pntjiny Quantities.
CALHOUN, Nebr., Dec. 22.— Dr. Rother
mel of Denver was here Sunday and went
over the Wagner farm, on which it was
claimed gold in paying quantities was dis
covered last spring. He declares that
there are several gold veins, one of which
will run $50 to the ton in gold and all of
which will pay to work. The news has
revived the excitement here when the first
announcement that god had been discov
ered was made and owners of adjoining
farms will begin sinking shafts at once.
Dr. Rothermel left Sunday evening for
the Black Hills, where he goes in the in
terest of the Elk Horn Railroad, to locate
mineral deposits along the line of the
railroad.
■ ♦ '
IN THE SUPREME COURT.
Some Case* of Unwtual Intereit Come
Up for Coniideration.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— 1n an
•opinion filed by Justice Brewer of the Su
preme Court of the United States the val
idity of the laws of the territory ol Arizona
were sustained relating to the collection of
delinquent taxes. The court's mandate
was ordered to issue instanter in the ap
peals of the Western Union Telegraph
Company from the judgment of the Su
preme Court of Ohio, affirming the tax
law of that State. Last week the tele
graph company gave notice that it would
abandon the appeals.
Solicitor-General Conrad moved the
court to set aside its judgment in the case
of the Northern Pacific Railroad Com
pany vs. Leonard P. Col burn and grant a
rehearing because of newly discovered in
terests of the United States. The time
within which the mandate of the court
should issue on its judgment in favor of
Colburn was extended sixty days.
The case of T. La Koo-Jel-Leo, an
Alaska Indian under sentence of death for
murder, was set for argument on the first
Monday in March. This is the first
capital case from Alaska.
By a divided court, the judgment of the
Circuit Court for the Northern District of
Illinois in favor of the Chicago, Rock
Island and Pacific Railrond Company was
affirmed. The United States sued the
railroad company for the amount of tolls
received by it for transporting freight cars
of other roads accross the Government
bridge over the Mississippi River at Rock
Island, but the Circuit Court dismissed the
bill, and now it stays dismissed.
At the conclusion of tha session of to
day the court adjourned until the first
Monuay in January.
JHu*t j"?«rn Over th* Funds.
OMAHA, Nebr., Dec. 22.— The case of
E. N. Westervelt, receiver of the Citizens'
National Bank of Grand Island, against
George A. Mohrenstecker and his bonds
men, have returned a verdict in favor of
the plaintiffs for $10,000 and interest,
amounting in all to $11,580 25. The de
fendant was cashier of the defunct Dank
and it was charged in the petition that he
misappropriated funds to the amount of
over $iO,OCO to himself and A. H. Baker,
which were invested in real estate, and
that he made excess loans to himself and
Baker for $^5,475.
Motional Standard for Ornin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— 1n the
Senate to-day Gear submitted a favorable
report on the bill to establish a National
standard for grain. The bill has the in
dorsement of the Agricultural Depart
ment, which says it is commendable and
seeks to find a standard for classifying
and grading grains which may be used in
interstate and foreign trade, and is only
less in importance than the fixing by
Congress of the standard of withdrawals
and measures.
Allison for Premier.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 22.— 1t Is
steted on eood authority here that Sena
tor Allison has been offered the position
of Secretary of State in McKinley's Cab
inet. Opinion is much divided as to
whether he will accept. It is believed,
though, that if the Senator feels himself
physically eaual to the task of assuming
the arduous duties of the office he will ac
cept.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .
Ck '^COdPocATE 15 rF
• 00
"What Shall It Be?"
— the question of the
hour. If you would like it to be something useful,
something artistic, something new and novel, some-
thing SURE to be appreciated, it is ten to one you
will find the answer here.
HANDKERCHIEF SPECIALS.
Man's Silk Initial Handkerchiefa, full
size, each 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
Ladies' and Gents' Initial Handker-
chiefs, six in a box, per box $1.00, $1.75 and
$3.00
Ladles' Scalloped Embroidered Hand-
kerchiefs, in entirely new patterns, 15c,
25c, 35c, 50c, 75c and $1.00 each.
Children's Handkerchiefs in endless va-
riety.
LEATHER GOODS.
Combination Books (Purse and Card
Case), in Seal, Alligator and Morocco, with
Sterling Silver Corners or plain, $1.50,
$2.00 and $2.50 each.
Men's Wallets, B'>c, $1.00, $1.50, $1.75 and
$2.00 each.
Children's Purses 10c, 25c and 50c.
FANS.
An elegant line of Hand-painted Gauze
Fans, in all color 3 and at all prices. Some
special values at 75c, $1.00, $1.50 and $2.00.
»O:VT FAIL. TO SEE our im-
mense line of Tortoise Sh«"ll Goods, Neck-
wear for the Holidays, Umbrellas, Card
Gases, Purses, eic
125, 127, 129, 131 Kearny St.
BRANCH STORH-74a and 744 Maricet St.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
BALOISE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BASLE, SWITZERLAND, OS THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 3 895, and for the year
ending on that day, m made to the Insurance
Commissioner of tne State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnlsned
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Capital ;.'..........:......„.... $2,000.000 00
Amount of Capital Siooic paid up
In cash 400.000 00
ASSET 3. ~ ~~*
Beal Estateowned by Company.... $ 299,753 22
Loans on Bonds and .Mortgages 377,600 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and |
Bonds owned br Company. 218,776 13
'Cash In Company's Office and In
Banks 123,677 36
Interest due and accrued on all
. stocks aDd Loans ........... 6,932 82
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
. tion .'..... 44,99377
Total Assets.. $1,068,736 30
LIABILITIES.
losses Adjusted, and- Unpaid:....... ■■ 46,153 40
Losses in Process of Adjustment or
In Suspense........ :..\....:v 41,182 20
Gross Premiums on Fire Kisks ru 1-
' ning on* .rear or less, 9483,-
-482 23: reinsurance 50 per cent. 242,741 11
Gross Premiums 0.1 fire Risks run- ; *v- r
ning more than one year, $82.-
I 036 93; reinsurance pro rata 50,862 89
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid.. .258 00
■! Total Liabi1itie5................ 5881.197 60
INCOME.
Net Cub actually received for Fire
Premiums .................... ...... $507,519 17
Received for Interest and Dividends 1
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and
from all other 50urce5. ... .... .... 33,810 67
Received for 8ent5........... 11,240 46
Total 1nc0me............. $612,570 30
EXPENDITURES.
Net Amount paid for Fire Losses... $360,029 15
Dividends to 5t0ckh01der5......;.... '2 4,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or. ■ - ' ■
8r0kerage......................... 106,155 40
Paid for. salaries. Fees and other
■ Charges for Officers, Clerks, etc. . 62,095 23
Paid for. mate. National and Local
Taxe5............ 8.607 80
All other Payments and Expendi-
turci....... 24,717 10
Total Expenditures $564,504 68
RISKS AND PREMIUMS.
1 Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks
written during
the year...:..... $194,873,543 $526,500 43
Net amount of risks .
expired during
the year. 37,456,346 67,898 32
Net amount in
• force J December -
31,1895. 325,073,194 867,519 17
R. IHELIN, President. '
A. TROXLER, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 9th day
Of April, 1896. . : . OKORGE GIPFOHD,
. United States Consul.
S"STZ <& 00.,
GENERAL AGENTS,
i
4 1 0 California St. San Francisco.
DR.MCNULTY.
n"»HI8 WELL-KNOWN AND EKLIABLE OLD
PUL Specialist ewe* Private, Nervous.Blood and Skin
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
20 years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. - Hours, 8 to 3 ;
dally ;6:3o toB.3oev'Rs. Sundays, 10 to 12.; Consul
tion free and sacredly confidential. Call or address .
P. KOSCOi: McM I.TV. ST. D..
26.^ Keaiiir Street, San Francisco, Cat.
GLOVE SPECIALS.
Imported expressly for Holiday Gifts.
We have the largest assortment of Glovet
in the city.
Ladies' Walkine Gloves, with two large
clasps, in black, brown, tan, mode and
red ; every pair guaranteed ; a most su-
perior Glove, $1.00 a pair.
Ladies' English Walking Gloves with 4
large pearl buttons and latest embroidered
backs, in all shades; every pair guaran-
teed. The best Glove made, $1.50 a pair.
Glove order cards issued.
FEATHER BOAS.
Made from the finest selected plumes
and extra close fiber. We have them at
various prices and in all lengths. 18-inch
length, s3.oo; 27-inch length, $5.75; 36-inch
length, $9.00; 45-inch length, $11.50.
STERLING SILVERWARE.
Our display of these goods is the talk of
the town. We have all the late and novel
ideas. Prices positively the lowest in the
city.
I>OIVT FAIL. TO SEE our su-
perb display of Fancy Work in our Art
Rooms. You'll find articles there priced
at almost anything you want to pay.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
HELVETIA SWISS
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY,
OF ST. HALL, SWrrZERLAND.ONTHE SIST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
' ending on that day,' as made to the Insurance
I Commissioner of tne State of California, pursuant .
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
I litical Cudn, condensed as per blank lurnisued by
I the Commissioner. . .
CAPITAL. .
Capita 1...........:...... ............ $2,000,00000
Amount of Capital block, paid np In - ' - ■• •■ ■
Cash.. • 400,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company f . 41,000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages..... 691,^96 21
Cash Market Value of all stocks and
: Bonus owned by Company....... 1 855,259 89
Casn In Company's Office and in
Banks 272,386 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
- and Alortgates.. 22,027 10
Premiums In due Course of Collec- .
.t10n.... 163,122 60
Total assets :.......:.. »1. 944.090 87
LIABILITIES. ~™
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 1
Losses in Process of Adjustment!
" or in Suspense.. ...... V y ?97,29527
Losses Resisted, including ■ Ex- 1/
p0n5e5...... ...................... J -
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run- >
ning one year or less, $t>36,-
-960 56; reinsurance 50 per cent. .818,480 28
Gross I'reminms on Fire Klsks run-
. ning more than • one year. $160,-
-799 71: reinsurance pro rata 128,689 77
Due and accrued for Salaries, Kent,
■■-■' etc ...V.......V. .::.-...:... 11,600 00
All other Demands against the Com-
pany 191,29381
Total Llablllltles...... $747,309 13
■ ■ -. *. • INCOME. *"**;.*.'■
Net Cash actually leceived for Fire
Premiums '............ #710,980 52
Received for Interest on Bondi and
Mortgages .................... 24,926 68
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
. Horn all other sources 32.7 50 73
Total Income. $768,687 93
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid tor Fire Losses.... $869,460 49
Dividends to Stockholders. 96,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
8r0kerage..........'.....'.......'... 101, SS8 81
Paid for ' Salaries, Fees and other -
cnnr*es for officers, clerks, etc . . 47, 300 8 3
Paid for state, National and Local
■ Taxe5....... - 17,142 97
All other payments and expendi-
. tures 47,60190
Total Expenditures $678.744 99
KISKS AND PREMIUMS.
'_ 1 Fire Risks.' '. Premiums. ~
Net amount of Risks '
written during the
year.....:......... I $807,956,666 $1,448,15501
Net amount of Risks I
expired during the .- « . -, •
year....... .„ 1 534,072,021 792,103 11
Net amount In force :
Decembers), lB9s| 441.133,589 ■ 767,760 27
P. HALTMAYER. President.
. M. J.GKObSM AN, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this Slat
day of March, 1896. IRVING B. RICHMAN.
, U. S. Consul- General.
S1TZ"&; OO.;
GENERAL AGENTS,
410 California Street, San Francisco.
gFa Cbtekettofs Xacßsk VluutUl BrmmA
fENHYROYAL PIUS
ENNYROYAL PILLS
0 -f^v Original and Only G«wala«. -J'AV;
/-,/TkN ••'«, •>»»/• nU>Ut.i ladic* uk J\
/^Jt_i**WA Drßfilft tor Cktchtff 3n,li<\ /><• jfirVV
■r"M*>tfVGk'»«"<i Brand In He 4 «nd Gold metallic Vllf
jjk — OfW»Je». »»le4 with bin* ribbon. Tak« \2^
I*l ©4 WU •tlie' 1 . Btfut* dasifrovM tuJrHtft- ▼
I / irHvmandtmitatioM. At Drs«l«t«. Mod 4«.
\W 0 "J B*U»f tor LaJien," in Utt~, br ntan
-K^/r *u»ILl«M|<»o7w«lai»oi»l.. Sam. Pa r «.
. ,>-",rOkl«»e.««rCie«l ( »l Ce.,lU<tU<.ii «•«»%
MitffattUMlDruuUU. . ?UU4>«p3
910
IN THE SPELL OF
VAN NESS AVENUE
The Pacific - Union Again
Resolves to Go
Out West
Board of Directors Authorized
to Buy One of Two Choice
Locations.
Important Meeting Last Night Ren
dered a Final Decision— Large
Attendance of Members.
An important meeting of members of
the Pacific - Union Club was called to
order at 8 o'clock last evening by Presi
dent E. W. Hopkins. One hundred and
twenty members of the institution at
tended, and by a vote of 75 to 50 the club
reannounced its determination to buy
land and build a house on Van Ness
avenue.
The widest range for the expression of
opinion was given to the speakers. Early
in December the club voted in favor of
the Van Ness-avenue proposition, and
when the result of that vote was an
nounced F. A. Hyde and others passed a
protest around and obtained ninety-three
signatures in favor of a meeting to recon
sider tha action. In order to eet the
fullest representation possible postal cards
were sent out by tb<s directors, and every
member of the club was informed of the
meeting and its purpose.
The discussion last night was animated
and prolonged. Mr. Hyde maintained
that the voting franchises of the entire
club should be represented. He fought
stubbornly against the proposed change
and sought further delay. Members
favoring the radical change were as active
and energetic as ever, and they had the
advantage of eloquent talkers and a de
cisive majority of the voters.
Mayor-elect James 1). Phelan unfolded
a new proposition. He described the
superior features of land on the corner of
Van Ness avenue and Sutter street, and
obtained the adoption of a resolution giv
ing the board of directors the option of
purchasing this property or the land on
Bush street and the avenue. Colonel C.
F. CrocKer owns the Sutter-street corner.
The dimensions are 120x220 feet, but the
ciub does not want more than the space of
120x120 feet.
An estimate was made that $15,000 addi
tional would have to be raised in order to
get this land wnich Mr. Phelan so highly
praised. He fancied that tne club would
readily subscribe that additional sum.
The Bush street and Van Ness avenue lot
is fienred to cost $85,000. The Sutter
street proposition represents $100,C00 for a
site.
Bonds to the amount of $250,000 have
been subscribed for by nfembers of tne
club. To successfully carry forward the
proposed departure 1300,000 will be neces
sary.
The president entertains no doubt that
the additional bonds of $50,000 will be
taken. There is no thought of going out
side of the ciub for subscriptions.
The expression of the club will was so
fairly madt last night that tne officers of
the institution now regard the question
of moving as settled. The next step in
order will be the appointment of commit
tees to collect subscriptions and negotiate
for the possession and mortgage of the
property to secure the bonds.
FUNERAL OF A FRINCH EXILE.
The Socialist L.abor P:\rty Recognises
His Devotion to Their Cause.
Tae scarlet ensign of socialism, typical
of the one crimson color of the blood of
humanity, was at haifmast yesterday on
the Turk-street Temple, the socialist head
quarters, in respect to the memory of one
of the active devotees of the socialist
movement, Francois Le Blanc, a member
of the French branch of the Socialist
Labor party. Deceased was also a m rn
ber of the Improved Order of Red Men,
being a past sachem of Seminole Tribe,
and the funeral was held under the
auspices of the latter society from the
Red Men's Hall on Post street, opposite
Union square.
The funeral was attended by a large
delegation of comrades of the Socialist
Labor party, including Oliver Everett,
August Le Laroch and Theodore Krouse,
members of the American, French and
German branches. The funeral oration
was delivered by Theodore Lynch, secre
tary of Liberty Branch, at the chapel of
the crematorium in the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
His remarks were listened to with at
tentive interest by the large congregation
of mourners and friends of the deceased,
after which the remains were cremated
and the ashes placed in the copper urns
made for theii reception.
Mr. Lynch, after alluding to the fact
that they were assembled for the second
time in a few short days to pay the last
tribute of respect to a comrade and brother
Socialist, gave a vivid and eloquent de
scription of the sense of justice and equity
that characterized the deceased, ana al
luded in a descriptive manner to his con
nection with the Socialist cause, lie con
tinued:
Francois Le Blanc, whose bier we stand
around to-day, was a men worthy of the honor
and esteem of every true lover of human free
dom and equal rights, was born over sixty
years ago in the provinceof Auvergne, France.
We find him in Paris, while yet a young man,
fightiug in the ranks as a confrere of the de-
VO'.ed men who raised the standard of the
commune as a protest against the social and
industrial conditions of their time. Behind
the ramparts of Montmatre and the barricades
he shewed those qualities of courage, valor
and fidelity to principle that marked him as
the doyen of local socialists and which earned
for him the hatred of the tyrant and whs the
caute of his banishment and exile to the
French penal convict settlement of New Cale
donia; Dal, like the htro that he was, prosecu
tion and imprisonment only intensified his
Ut-votion to the cause and his hatred of the
iniquitous system that oppressed the poor and
lowly and his activity and willingness to pro
mote the advancement of socialism resulted in
the formation of the French branch of the
Socialist party. He was a man worthy of re
spect, even from those who differed with him
on political or economic, lines, a soldier ever
ready to do or dare for the cause of justice and
equity, one 01 those noble hearts that ache to
see the day dawn of our victory.
FOR THE MONITOR
Resolutions Adopted by the Catholic
Ladies' Aid Society.
The members of the Catholic Ladies'
Aid Society of Oakland nave adopted the
following resolutions:
Whereas. The Board of Library Trustees of
the Free Library of Oakland have removed
from the reading rooms of said library the or
gnn of the Catholic people in this archdiocese,
viz. , the San Francisco Monitor; whereas,
the Catholic Monitor is the only journal
whurein the honor tind virtue of thu Catholic
women of California is defended from their
base traducers; and, wiiereas, our purity and
womanly modesty are dearer to us than life;
therefore ii is hereby
Kesolved, By the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society,
of Ouklaiid, in regular meeting assembled on
the 21hc day of Drember, 1896, that the mem
bers of this organization hereby demand of
the Board of Library Trustees that they re
store to th<: flies of the Free Library in this
City the San Francisco Monitor, that the Cath
olic citizens and taxpayers be not deprived of
the right to peruse said journal in the free
readins-room.
Resolved, That the San Francisco Monitor is
a lit .iiul moral paper, worthy of our hearty
sy mpathy and support. It is welcomed to our
homes, and we hereby repel the charges made
agninst it.
Resolved, That the Catholics of this city are
competent and capable, intellectually and
iinancially, of selecting and providing proper
literature when needful to do so. It is lament
able that vinuous women should need protec
tion for their good name in these last days
of the enlightened nineteenth century. As
such, however, is the sad fact sternly facing us
from Protestant press and Protestant pulpit,
we, as Catholic women, demand that yuur
honorable body as honornble men accede to
our request Miss Makia FLYWJt, President.
Mes. Jennie Jordan, Secietary.
DR. BIRDSALL'S DEATH.
He Succumbed to Bright* Disease at
the Home of His Parents in Sac
ramento.
Dr. Frederick Wheeler Birdsall of this
City died in Sacramento yesterday morn
ing from acute Bright's disease. The
funeral will take place to-morrow after
noon from the home of his parents in that
city.
Dr. Birdsall was a member of the County
Medical Society of this City, of the Sacra
mento Society for Medical Improvement
and of the State Medical Society. He was
also a member of the Cosmos Club of this
City, in which he has been a director for
the past year. The doctor was likewise a
prominent Mason, and when elected a
Knigbt Templar in the organization was
probably the youngest member who was
ever knighted in this State. His member
ship in the Mystic Snriners was always
esteemed b.s' him. Until engrossed in the
active duties of bis profession he took a
deep interest in military matters ana was
the moving spirit in a military organiza
tion in Sacramento.
THE FI SHERMAN`S PARADISE
Charles J. Wheeler's Talk on Fishing
in Alaskan Waters.
Tne San Francisco Fly-casting Club
met last night in tne office of the Fish
Commissioners, President Mansfield in
the chair.
It was announced that Dr. Gilbert of
Stanford University will on the next meet
ing of the club appear and tell of the
fresh-water fishes in California.
Charles S. Wheeler gave an informal
talk on fishing in Alaska. He said that
he could not obtain any information in
San Francisco, Portland, Seattle and Vic
toria, B. C, as to what is necessary for a
fisherman to provide himself with for the
northern waters, and that he was aston
ished at the ignorance of people on the
subject.
He gave a very glowing description of
the trip after leaving Victoria, going
through the channel, and told in a most
interesting manner of the wonderful
scenery between the city named and
Juneau.
Salmon Creek, four miles north of
Juneau, he said, is very much like the
Lngunitas of this State, and there with
the black gnat he caught the first trout.
This was somewhat different from the
trout of California.
Mr. Wheeler told of the great amount of
fish — halibut, cod and sole — that may be
caught with hook and line and of the cut
throat trout in a stream north of Juneau,
and of the many kind of salmon abound
ing in Alaska.
In conclusion Mr. Wheeler paid: "I:
there are ten fishermen who have a
month's time to spare and are willing to put
$100 each in a pool I would advise them to
co to Puget Sound, hire a small steamer
and crew and provisions for about %ib a
day and go on for a fishing trip in the
Alaskan waters. There they wili have the
finest of sport and >cc the most beautiful
and grand scenery to be seen on American
territory."
The gentleman was given a rising vote
of thanks for his talk.
DUFF ESTATE TROUBLE
Mrs. Pfeiffer Denies That She l!a«
Neglected the Duties of Her Trust.
Mary Marcella Pieffer has filed her re
port as the executrix of the will of the
late Jane Duff, showing that she has on
hand funds belonging to the estate to the
amount of $4152 39, and she asks for a day
to be set when she may have a hearing for
the settlement of her account.
Touching the petition of Attorney S. M.
Van Wyck for a citation against her on
behalf of James Joseph Duff, an alleged
incompetent person, Mrs. Pfeiffer replies
that she has not neglected ttie affairs of
the estate, but that she has managed the
business in a careful and economical man
ner. She furtiier sets forth that the
records of the court do not disclose that
Mr. Van Wyck has any cause for his ac
cusations of neglect, or that he or the said
James Joseph Duff have sufficient inieiest
in the estate to enable them to call on her
for an accounting for any purpose what
ever.
Mrs. Pfeiffer asks that (he petition for
her removal as executrix be dismissed,
and that she may have such further relief
as may be proper.
THE AERIAL BALLET.
Judge McKeniia to Hear the Nilsson-
Uouvier Case To-Day.
The aerial ballet case will come up be
fore United States Circuit Judge McKenna
to-day upon an order to snow cause why
the Al Hayman Company shall not be
restrained from u>ing certain stage ma
chinery in the Baldwin Tneater. The
account of the infringement suit of Carl
E. Nilsson against C. B. Jefferson, Mark
Klaw, A. Bouvier and others, was pub
lished in The Call yesterday. Nilsson
claims to have a patent on a certain useiui
invention composed of delicate machinery,
braces, etc., whereby ballet dancers appear
to move gracefully in midair. He says
that Al Hayman has a contrivance in
operation at the Baldwin Theater that is
an infringement upon his patent. Nilsson
wants Hayman permanently enjoined
from using the apparatus mentioned and
$20,000 damages beside an accounting for
all profits already received. It is expected
that when the case comes up in court to
day a working model of the aerial ballet
will be exhibited in evidence.
PUT HIS PICTURE ON
Alfred Clarke Illuminates c Transcript
on Appeal •> it h His Portrait.
Alfred Clarke yesterday filed in the Su
preme Court probably the oddest tran
script or appeal tnat ever has found its
way into the presence of that august tri
bunal. That which made it especially pe
culiar was a picture of the whilom clerk
to the Chief of Police which decorated the
index Dage of the primed document. Con
sequently, when the Justices take up the
case on appeal in which C. W. Mott is
concerned they will have the proceedings
enlivened with glimpses of the well
known features of the barrister. No other
attorney or appellant has ever similarly
illuminated a legal document for Hhe be
hoof and enjoyment,of the Justices.
Has Been Identified.
The old lady, who was knocked down by a
runaway horse belonging to Cluff Brothers on
Mission and Tenth streets, was identified at
the Receiving Hospital yesterday morning as
Miss Etta Averill, 268 Golden Gate avenue
Her twin Fister, Mrs. Newell, wife of Sydney
Newell, president of the Stockton Savings
Bunk, was visiting her during the holidays,
and when she read in the morning papers of
the accident she judged it was her sister as
she had not been home. A visit to the hospi
lal removed all doubt. Miss Averill was
slightly improved yesterday, but is still in a
critical condition.
Two Thru-LING Articleh, one describing an
exciting conflict with walrus among floating
ice, and the other telling how some holf
sUrvecl explorers saved themselves by a des
perate charge on a herd of musk oxen—"Ele
phants oi the North." as they are sometimes
called— have been written for the next volume
of The Youth's Companion by Lieutenant R. E.
Peary. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896,
A LIEUTENANT'S
BRIDE SHE'LL BE
Miss Anna Hobbs to Wed
Lieutenant Frank 0.
Ferris.
The Kip Theater Party and
Supper ior Miss Kate
Salisbury.
A Large Number of Cards Are Issued
for Receptions Daring
January.
An interesting engagement to announce
is that of Miss Anna Hobbs, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Hiram M. Hobbs, and Lieu
tenant Frank 0. Ferris, U. S. A.
Miss Hobbs is a tall, stately blonde, and
exceedingly popular in ncr large circle of
friends. Sue is a sister of Mrs. Webster
Jones. Lieutenant Ferris is a New York
gentleman, and is at present stationed
under Colonel Shatter at ljenicia. He is,
MISS ANNA HOEBS.
however, no stranger on this coast, hav
ing served . ; even years at Angel Island.
On Monday evening the Misses Clemen
tine and Mary Kip gave a theater party
at the Baldwin, complimentary to Miss
Kate Salisbury. After enjoying the
Brownies the party repaired to the Hotel
Richelieu, where supper was served.
Those asked to meet Miss Salisbury were
Miss Carrie Taylor, Miss Cora Sraedberg,
Miss Ethel Rotlgers, Miss Juliette Wil
liams, Thomas Breeze, Samuel Boar^man,
Danforth Boardman, Lieutenant Winn,
E. H. Sheldon, E. M. Gr»pnway and Mr.
Pardee. Mr. and Mrs. Kip chaperoned
the party.
Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Blanding and
family are occupying apartments at the
Palace while their home is being refitted.
Mrs. Blanding has sent out cards for Fri
days in January.
Mrs. Sniedberc has issued cards for
- Wednesdays in January.
Mrs. William Barnes will be at
home at her residence at the corner of
Devisadero and Sacramento streets on
Fridays during January.
Major and Mrs. Darling will entertain a
large house party at their country home
at Madrone, Napa, over the holidays.
Previous to sailing for Honolulu it is
rumored that Mrs. Darling will entertain
her many friends at some function. The
affair will probably take place shortly
after the holidays at the Occidental Hotel.
The elegant home that is being con
structed for Mr. and Mrs. Will Tevis at
Bakersfield is about completed and will be
occupied by them immediately after the
holidays.
Mrs. Wheeler of Sausalito has taken the
residence at 2440 Jackson street for the
winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Webster Jones are again
occupying their residence at 2000 Gough
street. Mrs. Jones will be at home on
Fridays.
MID-WEEK CYCLE NOTES
Committee Appointments of President
Swain of (lie California Associated
Cycling Clubs.
A. P. Swain, president of the California !
Associated Cycling Clubs, has appointed ;
the following committees to serve for the
ensuing year:
Membership and inter-club relations— V. A.
Dodd, Alamcda Cyclers, chairman; L. W. Bur
ris, Santn Rosa Wheelmen; S. W. Elston, Wav- i
erly Cyrlers.
Rules and regulations— C. H. Troillet, Im
perial Cycling Club, chairman; K. £. Revalk,
Acme; C.;J. Vermeil, California Cycling Club.
Political action— R. iX. Welch, Bay City
Wheelmen, chairman; E. B. Jerome, Reliance;
J. F. McDonald, Capital City Wheelmen.
Championships— C. A. Desimone, Garden City
Cyclers, chairman; W. E. Bouton, Liberty
Cycling Club; Al Lewis, Golden Gate Cycling
Club.
Rights and privileges— J. F. Coffey, Olympic
Cyclers, chairman; J. W. Flanigan, Paih
finder Cycling Club; H. Reis, East Oakland
Wheelmen.
Road racing and record? - fjarles Albert
Adams, Olympic Club Wheelmen, chairman;
C. S. My rick. Reliance CUub Wheelmeu; A. W.
Weihe, Sail Francisco Ruad Club.
, Mr. Swain's selection of Charles Albert
Adams, president of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, as chairman of that most im
portant committee, road racing and rec
ords, meets with general approval, and the
impression is that Mr. Adams will make a
worthy successor of George H. Stratton,
whose terra of office, just expired, has
been so
Fred Brand, well known in cycling cir
cles here, las returned from his Eastern
trip.
Edwin E. Stoddard of the Bay City
Wheelmen returned Sunday night from a
five months' trip through the Central
American States. He is considerably
bronzed from the trip and nas grown a
beard, but otherwise is~ unchanged. Stod-
dard brought back many relics of his jour
ney, including some suuke and tiger sKins,
and some wonderful stories concerning
the same, with which he has been regai
! me his fellow-members at the club since
he got back.
The differences between the Velodrome
people and "Bob" Terr ill have been ad
justed, and Terrill will ride on Christmas
day. This meet promises to be the b;st
held here so far, from point of entries,
number and class of riders, events and
prizes. The programme prepared for New
Year's day is not nearly as good, and
should be improved upon by tbe addition
of some more events. Seats for the
Christmas day programme can be had at
Sherman & Clay's to-day. The entries are
now in the bands of the official handicap
per, who will announce his allotments to
day.
Floyd A. McFarland has accepted Otto
Ziepler Jr.'s challenge as published in
The Call Saturday, and the two may be
brought together in a match race. Ziegler
specified the San Jose track, but as there
seems no likelihood of a meet being held
there soqji. he can no doubt be easily in
duced to ride at tbe Velodrome, if he is
really anxious for a match. McFarland
would also like a chance at Walter Foster
before he retires after New Year's day as
he says he intends to do.
C. At. Smith and J. E. Wing, the crack
amateur tandem team of the Garden City
Cyclers, have issued the following chal
lenge:
We, the undersigned, hereby challenge tht
crack Bay City tandem team, S. B. Vincent
and C. A. Craft, known as the coast champion
tandem tenm.for the championship of thecoast.
The race to be mile heats, best two out of three,
the contestants-io start at opposite sides of the
tracK. Said races to take place on tne Velo
drome track, San Francisco, on New Year's
day next if possible. C. M. Smith
J. E. Wing,
Garden City Cyclers.
United States Grand Jury.
The United States Grand Jury held a session
yesterday, and several cases, accounts of !
which have been published, were called to |
their attention. Several witnesses testified In |
the Cases of William A. Karns and His son, I
Vaughn Karns, who were arrested on Decem- ;
ber 12 in Stockton for making counterfeit
money.
The Grand Jury reported to the court that an |
indictment hud been found against J.A.Wa'd
teufel for forgery and for lrnu< uientiy
importing into the country, free of duty,
goods intended for religious purposes. There
were four counts, two on each charge. Bail i
was set at $2500, and a bench warrant was
issued for the accu.-eu.
Partners Disagree.
Charles Mnngeot hus sued Louis Lacaze for a
dissolution of the partnership of Mangeot &
Laceze, printers and publishers. The plaintiff
asks that a receiver be appointed 10 care ior
$I'2OO due to the firm and 10 wind up its busi
ness affairs.
NEW TO-DAT.
j ELEGANT UinSBFDL I
THE
1 BLACK GOODS §
J HOUSE, I
I 22 Geary St., Neap Kearny. 1
I 100 SUITS AT $5 EACH. ||
I 100 SUITS AT $8 75 EACH. - I
I 100 SUITS AT $10.50 EACH. i
I Black Silks in Great Variety. I
I BLACK FEATHER BOAS. 1
I BLACK KiD GLOVES. 1
I BLACK SILK SKIRTS. ■.;■!
I BLACK KECK RUCHES. II
| BLACK SILK UMBRELLAS, ETC. ||
I R. T. KENNEDY COMPM?; I
i : Telephone Grant 518. : I
•#% / , A 40-DAY j
t" " ; Discount Sale
' JOE POIIEI£ the Tailor.
Fine Cheviot Suits. In all shades,
made to order from $13 50
Clay's Weave Worsted Suit-;... j
"• Fine French Pique Suits, from •*
- 201-203 Montgomery St. ' i
724. »44, 840 Market St.
1110 and llii Market St.
". ;'„'■; San Francisco. Cal. .
JOE POHEIM,
The Largest .Tailoring « stablishrnent
on the Pacilio Const . n-s - r / .
KTE-W- to-pat: ■■  :. ] j
MDNYOfS
GREAT WORK.
The Public Sur-
prised.
PHYSICIANS ASTOUNDED.
More People Have Been Cored by Mopyon's
Remedies DoriDg the Past Week
Than by the Whole Medical
Profession in 6 Months.
If You Are Ailing, No Matter What
. the Disease la or How Many Doc-
tors Have Failed to Cure Ton, Step
Into the Nearest Drugstore," Ask for
a Guide to Health, Buy a 25-Cent
Remedy and Cure Yourself.
Mr. J. H. Seeba, Seeba's Exchange, 340
Kearny street, San Francisco: "For the
benefit of ; those who suffer from rheu-
matism. I want to testify to the wonders
accomplished by Wunyon's Rheumatism
Cure in my Case. . When I asked for a
bottle of it," at my druggist's, he had none
of it in stock, * but soon after put in a
supply, and when I went after another
bottle he informed me that . the : sale was
simply surprising. Of course this encour-
aged me to continue its use, and to-day I
am entirely free lrom rheumatic pains,
which made my life a burden for so many
year/. I am not only free from pain, but
I can also slate trutnfully, that my gen-
eral health is much improved by tne treat-
ment. Its action on the kidneys, in my
case, was extremely gratifying, especially
as I had Buffered to such an extent from
this cause in . addition to rheumatism.
From actual experience I can state that
your homeopathic pellets . are wonder-
workers in conquering rheumatism." .
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure seldom
fails to re. 'eve in from one to three hours,
and cures in a few days. -. Price, 25c.
Munyon's 'Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stomach
troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops couehs,
night sweats; allays soreness, and speed-
ily heals the lungs. Price, 25c. '
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily ■ cures
pains in the back, loins or groin and ail
forms of kidney disease. ' Price, 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
pressed spirit?, failure of memory, restless
and sleepless nights, pains in the head and.
dizziness. It stimulates and strengthens
the nerves and is a wonderful tonic.
Price, 25c.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. . Price, 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all Im-
purities of the blood. Price, 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon
to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three mm- i
utes and cure in five days. Price, 50c each. I
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail. !
The Catarrh Cure— price — eradicates j
the disease from the system, and the Ca-
tarrh Tablets— price — cleanse and heal
the parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts' new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price, $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists',
mostly 25 cents a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medicai publication that snould
be in every home.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505 j
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered j
with free medical advice for any disease.' j
CAUTION TO TH.: PEOFI/E OF THE «
STATE « ; F CALIFORNIA: : Many un- !
scrupulous drug cutters, who, having !
forc»-d the selling price of MUNYOX'S j
REMEDIES to cost, and,* therefore, not |
desiring to sell them, .\rill tell you that
the*e remedies are not .good/and will .
try to persuade y«iu to take gome other ;
preparation,; which they will : recom- :
in ml as , being better. Such men are
not deserving of your coutidenre or I
patronage. Therefore do not. be de- -'
ceived by them,' but INSIST upon get- !
ting ...UM'O '.-■ |
HOLIDAY
GIFTS
FOR
EVERYBODY,
BOTH
YOUNG and OLD.
Don't Fail to Visit Our Toy Department.
; IMMENSE ASSORTMENT
—OF
TOYS, DOLLS,
GAMES, WAGONS,
; ; AND VELOCIPEDES.
" Notk— Goods delivered free to Alameda. Anttoch,
Berkeley, Bllthedale, i;eivedere, ucmcia, Km i-
■va'.e. (Joldeu <}a:e.~Haywards, Lorln. Melrose, Mill ;
Valley, Napa, Oakland, I- '. ;uraa. Sausallto. San
Katael, :-»■ ■>iiwini», San Lorenzo, San Leandro,
Stockton, Tiburon, 1 ennscal and Vallejo.
m-ezo MARKETS!.
fTORG PO CHY,
accessor to DR. LA I
i POTA I, graduate of
\ Canton Medical Col- |
]tc lege. after a very sue- I
jrf res-ful • practice ■, of I
'': many years in China,
has lo ated in san
Francisco.* The sur-
prising aud marvelous
cures effected by his
..- '"herbs ■'.. demonstrate
their potence and his
: V sKill. v: These herbs
' 'if core over 400 different
: diseases, tiding
Bright'a Disease, Dia-
betes, Consumption,
. . * \ Asthma, ' Paralysis,
Brain, Nerve, ' Cancers, Tumors, Blood, Male and
Female Maladies. - All persons afflicted with any
kind of maliidy whatsover are invited to call.
L . Office, » 727 Washington " Street.
'. Office hours— 9 a m, to lvi m., 1 to- 9p. m.j San-
day, 10 a. M. to 12 k.>-'i • ■■ : ? ••'>■'; '
ETjECTRIO BELTS
■i » : i «* iur ji'a» : Are pood things If prop.
l'n'i«H'«fc'' i T*<£ "'* i'".- erlj * tria<le : but 'hern ii
no sense in paying a hi?!*
R^SiS^-^^sS^Sß price for a poor artlcu
■Q^*rvv-A-<?VT'/^>^^H| Biiuply because some ad-
ws^Tt?t^a^c3rff*f3 vertislng "quack" ao-
'BwiwflF^^TßwlSrr mandi It. J_uy no Belt
KtFifrr 'aw- till you sea Lr. Pierce" i.
•n^fj* v >>^jNr i jsar. Book Free. Call or
■ •■?<©£**• * address r>«. PIK<;CK
' -r'''-.«ssi?*" -' * SON, 704 Sacramento
..-.. ™* r : ; , .H , st., cor. Kearny, S. if ,
Branch Office 640 Market at.. a F-
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEABNY j AND WASHINGTON i BT3 RR.
modeled and renovated. KING,' WARD & CO.
European plan. Koouis sOc to 91 50 per day, < j
to $8 per week, ■ $8 to *30 per mourn: tree o»im. ■
hot aud . cold water every ; room: lire gr*b«c i*
•very room; elevator xuiu aUniKaC . , .; . r . . ....
SEW TO-DAT— DRT GOODS.
BOAS. FANS.^ ' : PERFUMES.
CHILDREN'S CHRISTMAS HANDKERCHIEFS (in fancy boxes of 9^ g'^ gnJ t\a tony
L.4.DIES' EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEFS, in lace.'hemstitch, scalloped edges, 0 f n _ *|
all linen, new de5ign5.... ........'..:...:'...............-.. 0 IOF «pl
GENTLEMEN'S SILK INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS, extra heavy weigh;, 7-- „! -a pi
LADIES'' SPECIAL "LOT OF ' HAND-DRAWN : VVORK HANDKERCHIEFS, worth 'A. n oa i,
$150, at ....:....,.......•....... -. ! owe taCll
GES F T AI,y c l a 9 c'^.d^^s s M ' :F : $1.25, $1.50, $1.75, $2 and Upward
' REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES AND BOAS.
Most suitable and pieasirw sifts.
18 inches long, at........ $2.75, $3.75, $4.50, $5.25 to $7.50
36 inches long, at ...:.:.... .^- $9 and $11
V/i and 1% yards long, from . . $12 to $2O
A Large Assortment of EMPIRE FANS from sOc upward.
PBRPUMBRY.
Roger & Gallet's FINEST TRIPLE EXTRACTS ,all odors, lar fe 'c size ; 75c
A. Bourgeois & Co.'s EXTRACTS 25c a Bottle
TOILET "WATERS.
VINAIGRE DE BULLY 6Oc a Bottle VIOLETIE DE PaRME . . 85c a Bottle
EAU DE COLOGNE and LAVENDER WATER at^. sOc a Bottle
SOAPS.
FINEST FRENCH VIOLET SOAP, in boxes of 3 cakes, at ... 6O ? and 75c par Box
PEAU p'ESPAGNE, VIOLETTE RUSSE an* HELIOTROPE BLANC at
•••••• $1.25 abrxcf 3cakes
FACE POWDERS, manufactured expressly for the City of Paris, at 500
and 75c a box.
G. VERDIER & CO., |
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLE DE PARlS— Branch House, 223 S. Broadway, Los Angeles
RAIX.ROAD TRAVEL.'
S. F. AND PORTLAND EXCUR- \
SION TRAIN.
DECEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter. -
Leave From hi. . P. Co.'s Kerry Landing, Foot of
■ arket street, at 8:00 p.m. ;
Anrnilll j All) Including Ber:n,
Orty'HL ( Witt Tourist Sleeper.
■•»•■-« ( X<n First Class. including
RATES » $19 *"%«£*« -:
For further Information apply at 613 Market
Street (Grand Hotel Ticket Office), San Francisco.
BICHAKD GRAY.. T. H. GOODMAN, '
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. "Agt. -
THE SAX FRAJ«O AD SA» JOAQUU
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPAQ.
RFGtLAR PASSKNGEII TRAINS LF.AV-:
XV S'ocKton a', 7:20 a. m. dally, excepting Sun»
days, for Merced. Fresno and way stations. con-
necting boat leaves Washington- street wharf, (-an
Francisco, via California Navigation and 'm-
provement Company at 6 p. m. daily. except!; k
Saturdays. ' , JOHN MOSS, Traffic Manager.
SIN FRISCISCO&SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Market jt.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. x.: 12:5%
. 8:30, 5:10. 6:30 P. M. Thursdays— Extra trig ,
at 11 :30 p. m. ttaiurdaya— Kxtra trips at 1:89 j
and 11:30 r. ic : ' I
SCNDAYS-S-.00. 9.30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00. 6:20 P. X.
San Kafuel to Vnn Franelaco.
WEEK DAYS-a:l^ 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a.*. !
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— i£ztratrlpfl
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 r. it.
|CNDAVS-!i:iU, a:l0, 11:10 a. Its 1:40, 3:4*
6:26 P. K. '.. i *-. i
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sanM
r schedule as above. • ■ •- '
'Leave , T nP frM>t Arrive •
Ban Francisco. oct! 14? Ban 41101 ' 0 *
"w«K I Sujt- D( .. l u2Sion. 8tr *- I Wrbk"
Days. | pats. "*»"i>atlon. DAYa^ | DAYaL ;
:30 am 1 8:00 am! Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
8:30 pm 1 9:30 am I Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:26 AM
6:10 pm 1 6:00 PM j Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
~~^~! ~~~ ' Fulton, ~ "
7:30 am . Windsor, 10:26 AM
Heaidsburg,
! ytton, :t .'
Geyservllle,
. 8:80 PK 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6 -.27 rm
' ■ " : Pleta. '■■ ; .. -
Hopland A
T:3oam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 B:2trm
7T30 am -■ ■ ~ ~ 10 :25 AM
8:00 am G uern» Title. 7:30 pm
8:80 pm . ■___ 6:22 PM
7:80 am 8:00 am - Sonoma ' 10:40 am 8:40 am
: « ' • and " .• ■■ ■ '
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1800 am I bastODOl 1 10:40 AM I io:3 "' ASI
8 :30 pm 1 6 :00 pm I Seba »topol. | 6:lopm] B:aSp>t
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for -Murk Wps;
Springs; at Geyservllle for f~kaere« Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pi eta for Highland |
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay "and l^akeport; at .
Hopland for Lalceport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lake*, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pottet
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle, Boonevlile,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs.' Mendoclno City,
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa!. Wlllets. Cahto, Co-
velo, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia aDd Knreka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets M all poiata a*,
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Office, 650 Market it.. Chronicle tnUldlng,
B. C WHITING, B. X. BY AN,
Oca. Manacer. '- Gen. Pas* Agent.
PUP TAMALPAIS. ;
Trains connect with ■" North FaolO* i
Coast Railroad. - - .. .
WEKK DAY a— L«jave a F. Sri* A." I^s 1 M.
. Returning— Arrive 8. K. 3:25 p. m. 6:20 p m.
SUNDAYS— Leave B. F. Ba. m ll:K0 a. M. I:3UrK,
Returnlne— Arrive 8. F.I :15 p. Hi :20 p.m. 7:36 rm,
- Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
THOS. COOK <& SONS, 6/1 Market St., 8. V.
Mia Valley and Moans Tamalpals Scenic Raliwajfc
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL I
t**grn ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.!
Direct Entrance from Market St» ;
■■;.■ . . _ ;."-"'( ■ ■ ■• . ■ > .-\ ',■■'', ■ '■■■
Baja California
Damiana Bitters !
13 A POWERFUL APHIODIMAC AND
X specific tonic for the sexual and urinary organs
Of both Hexes, hnd a great remedy for diseases of:
the kidneys and bladder.- A . great Restorative, |
Invlgorator and Nervine, sells on its own .Merits;/ '
do long-winded testimonials n cc sary. :
NABEK.ALFS & BRUNK, Agents.
333 Market St., S. F-— iSc-nd for Circular) I
!?§#§ MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
I Tr rf Wv» ZZ? d tion oi a famous French physician, will ouickly cv r e% -on Zt^Tr ,?
■ VV\ s\) VT *\T VOUB or discuses of the generative organs such »»f,ili> n e l'
H^\ &&J \t *£*U Insomula,P.tln 3 ln the Bick, Seminal Im"'s?"nT 31, '" Manhood,
A m^L \ <*&¥ dimples, Vnfitness to Marry, Kxhunstlc- firnin % °'f 3 Ot>blll! >'
|before;«» after^^^^^SSS^i^^^^X^S^i
™ CI7PIQENE strengthens and restores small weak organs. w
--^j The reason sufl'er'-r-. are not cured by Doctors is because ninety T)pr cant . re »»«tim«^ _<.i.
Pro«tstlti>. CCPI DENE is the only kno^n remedy to cure without an opt rat %? 5000 ?'^!
•1.1. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not Privet V, ™ ™ fstimout.
box, stx for f5.00, by mail. Send for Vrek circular and 3 ;imoaia^ * a permanent cur*
Address DAVOL MtOl CINE CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco c*C For s «>
-./." " *.*" • BROOKS' PHARMACY, 119 Powell street.-
RAtLROAO TRAVBia
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPABTT.
. (PACIFIC SVSTKM.)
Trnlnn le»v« »ml «>♦> due to nrrlve at ,
SAN FIUN'. IS«:«.
I.BAVE— FitoM November 7. 1.00 p. M.. 1808. — Aitniy
"•©sOOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 6:4*4.
■S:«Oa Atlantic Express. Ugilen a'ld l.'adt.. 8:43*
7»OOa Benicia, VacaTille, Ramsey, Sacra-
mento. Orovillo and Redding via
Davis :.".. 6«4<Jr
' 7:30 a Kartinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Nara,
' • ■ • Calistoga and Santa Rosa 6:19p
S:U<m Niles, San Jose, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Red
- juuir 4tl(lp
■9:30 a Peters and Miltou "ZtlSr
9:OOa New. Orleans Bxpren, Raymond (for
Yosemitc), Fresno, Bakers Dolil,
Santa Oarhara, J.os Angeles, Dem-
ing, El l'aso, New Orleans and
East 4i48»
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton , -i:4Hr
9:OOa Vallejo 6:15r
....... Niles, San Jose, Liverinore and
Stockton 7:1.1p
■ # I:OOp Sacramento River Steamers "«:<»Op
fl:3Op Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43r
4:»0p Martinez, San Ramon. Vallnjo.
Napa, Calistoga. El Verauo and
> Santa Rose »:IS*
4:OOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MarysviUo, Oro-
villo ami Sacramento ...: ' 11:13 a
4:30r Niles, San Jose and Livermore... S:43a,
4:3<>p Los ■ Angeles Express, Stockton,
Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angeles: 10:45*
4t3op Sant;i Fe Route, Atlantic press
. for Mojave anil East 10:454
6:00p European Mail, Ogi'en and East.... 0:13*.
6:««r Hayrrards. Nilesand San Jose 7:45 a,
t7:OOi» Vallejo.. t7:43*
?:Uop Oregon Ilxpross, Sacramento, Marys-
: fllle, ReiMing, Portlnixl, Piigek
■Sound ami East.. 11:18*
1[lO:O5p " Su^et Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
anctEagt §lg:4S»
SANTA (111 lUVIStO.\ (Narrow <.itu«e;.
»slsa Newark,(,'eiitervillt>,H:in.loae,Fclton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
■..-•-- 5tati0nd.. ...............: Si3o» :g
•ail.ip Newark, Centerville, San .lose, Nev, . M
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek, . £ fc\
Santa Cruz and Principal Way *- MS
Stations.; . m lli*OlJp
4:1.1p Newark, S:m Jose and Los Cat.03.... U:50&
11l:45p HuDters' Excursion. San Jose and
Way Stations !7:80p
COASt DIVISION (Ihiril A 'loniiscnil Ms.)
C:4Sa ,San Jose an.l Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) ll3Op
8:15 a Han .lose, Trea I'iuos, S:mtu Crnz,
. Pacilic Grove. Paso Robles, San
1.11 is Olilspo, Gaadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:03p
10:10 \ Sail .lose and Wuy Stations... 5:03p
IItSOA Palo Alto an.l Way Stations....... 3i3Wr
•2:UUi' San Mateo, Menlo Park, Nan Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Balinas,Monterey and PacilicGrove *lO:4Oa
4 3::««p San Joeo and Way Stations 9:50 a.
*4:20r San Jose and Way Stations *8:1Oa
S:3<)r San Jose mid Principal Way Stations *8:5O\
U::«>r San Jose and Way Stations A:::3 a.
• 11:45p Sen Jose and Way Stations.. . f7:4Sp
«SAN .- l,r:A>»B0 AM) HAVWAKDn LOOAL.
i»6:9OA "I ( 7:15 a
8:O«a .^ » (9:4.14.
io!oSa I Melrose, Seminary Park, iV'ilst
"zioSp Fitchbnrg,SanLe.ndro X %\ &% X
3:00p and ■ 4:45p
4:OOp ' , . ' 5:45p
5:00p • Howard* 6:1 3p
5:30p najwaros. 7:45p
7:«)0p , Ml;
8:00p , _ .. . . „_ . 9:43p
9-OOp ' Runs through to Nile*, lOiSOp
tfll:lspj 'From Niles. [ ftlg:OOy
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.ii. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•4:00 15:00 *6:Cop.m.
rromOAKURD— Foot ef Broadw«y.— »6:00 8.-0*
10:00 a.m. tI2:CO *1:00 \ ■?; t2:00 *3:00 ti:Q9
*5:00r.M.
A for Morning. . ' V for Afternoon.
• Sundays excelled. i Saturdays oriij.
i" t Sundays only.
tt Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
TjTuesOays and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays*
Atlantic . '^^^^£^
Trains '.cave anj nrrir* ■* fcjjJm**lH§ l^sfci
: Market-Street Ferry. ' faWr^*?S3J
SANTA tiIXPRiSS. *m§3
lo Chicago via A. A; r.^fgSjSJKpUTI
• Leaves daily at 4:30 p. it., carrvtns: I'ullman Palacs
Drawing-room and : Modern Upholstered Tourljt ■
Sleeping-cars, which run daily ihrou?h to Crticnc*
via Kansas City.' Annex caw for Denver and 3;.
Lout*. > 1 ■■■ -' ■ 1 ■ • -. ■
1 Boa on K.xcurslons. < via Kansas City, Chicajo^
Montreal and the White ASountaius leave every
Tuesday. ' '' . .
The best railway from * California te the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: Interesting scenery,
ana good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle I.uildltig. Telephone Mam ,
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
j (Via Saasalito Ferry). -
tt»m Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, IW4 ,
WKKKUAV4 ;' '
Tor Mm Valley and ban Katael— •7l39, *9:1&
; 11:00 a. M. *1:45, 3:45, «5:15. •;» :4&, tf :30 p.*
Extra trips for 8.111 Uafael on Mondays. . Wedoe»
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. ■ . .- •
' SUNDAYss. " ,
For Mill Valley and San iiafael— •B:oo, •10:O|
•11:30 a. if. : »1:SJO, 3:00. *4:0. 6.15 F. at,
Trains marked ■ run to sun Uuentln.
THROUGH I'i.AI.NS. .
' For Pol Lt Reyes and way stations— 7:25 a. m.
Weekdays, 8100 a. m. Sundays, 1:46 «i. it 6ato>
•ays.-'. :r ■■ v :■ ■-; ; - - .. ■
i Or Caandero and way station*— l. m. «uw
«ays; 1:45 r. v. Saturday a. ■LOTTERY SWINDLING GAMBLERS
BLASTED BY THE GRAND JURY
Police Courts So Lenient That Offenders Escape Pun
ishment—The Law Should Make the
Offense a Felony.
f Present Management of Golden I
;• • .:' Gate Park Cannot Be
Commended.
PAYMENTS TO CONTRACTORS.
Office of Water and Gas Inspector
£. Should Be Abolished— No Mere
Superior Courts Needed.
• * The Grand Jury, Frederick Hobbs, fore
• . man, concluded its wort yesterday and
• • adjourned sine die. When tbe final re
.• port was presented in Judge Slack's court
« only three metuDers were absent — J. Ross
Jackson, E. P. Faru3worth and M. Spiro.
•'. * . Judge Slack was about to dismiss the
*. Jury with his thanks when A. Barnard, an
'attorney retained to defend Frank Far
' r: en, interposed with a request that the
• embers of the jury be not discharged
• jTfitiU he could question them regarding
. lias in rinding the indictment against his
< client.
Farragh was indicted for stealing $900
from the firm of Lacnman & Jacobi. At
' torney Earnard raises the point that sev
. ' eral of the grand jurors who voted for the
' .indictment were not on the assessment
. " roll. For other reasons be desires to chal
lenge them. His motion to detain ihe
€ . : : jury was denied, the court holding that
• -the members could be called individually
after the adjournment.
•,.«■• During the session of the jury yesterday
' '- Eiiernocn the Robinson-Donaldson land
..' trade was again considered. In the pro
= reeding an accusation is made that George
" W. "Donaldson tended to Farmer Robinson
..' a piece of land, in Monterey County,
and that the fact was shrewdly concealed
that the San Francisco Loan and Savings
.Bank t eld a trust deid on the land to
■ secure the payment of $2000, borrowed
from the bant in 1880 by .Donaldson Sr.
Robinson gave ten acres of land in Men
dodno County and $1500 in cash for 200
acres in Monterey County. He told t-e
Grand Jury that tne abstract :nd deed
submitted for hi» examination contained
no reference to an incumbrance.
A. £. Enquest, a notary public, before
whom the papers were executed, was a
Witness yesterday. After his testimony
{'was given W. C. Donaldson, a sou of
George W. Donaldson, was called in. He
■ w submitted a sworn s:atement to the jury
in effect as follows:
My father, George W. Dona dson. has been a
resident of Monterey County for thirty year*,
and has' always been beyond reproech. My
brother, J. T. Donaldson, has been farming in
Monterey County for eighteen years. I have
lived in Monterey County for sixteen years,
and have been a. resident of Saa Francisco tor
one year.
■ The transaction with Mr. Robinson was fair
• in every respect, as I can absolutely prove. |
Tne.San" Francisco Savincs and Loan Bank ap
praised the land in Monteiey County nt I
?5500. Its present valuation is f?'J5 per acre.
We received for it ten acres of iana in Me; do
cino County valued at $2000 and $1500 in
cash. You can see from this that the traiis-
Ivction is fair.
' ■^ The de°a itself distinctly recited the prior
inenmbrance, and 1 have abundant proof that
Robiusou was informed of it. My father,
,■ brother and myselr have real' estate, and we
' are able to respond to any civil i.ctiou if this
. case is proved to be unf-ir. I submit that ;
great lnjusiice would bo done if any action
* " shouid'be taken by the Grand Jury without |
giving us an opportunity to be heard.
The Grand Jury did not take any action
on the ca--e yesterday and further investi
gation may be referred to the incoming !
. Grand Jury. Mr. McCaughey, counsel for !
Mr. Robinson, asserts that letters are in ;
the possession of his client which show
that Donaldson represented that the
property was worth $4000 but would be
sold for $3500. These letters contain no
• allusion 10 a;i incuncbrance. Mr. Robin- !
son swore before the Grand Jury that the
original deed and abstract presented ior
iiis inspection did not contain reference to
"a trust deed. Mr. Cunningham, whole
sale grocer on Clay street, corroborated
that testimony. Yesterday Mr. Donald
son swore that the deed and abstract dii
mention the incumbrance. He testi
. , tied thet Robinson knew of the lien when
the trade was made.
■ • Following is tne text of : the final report
of the Grand Jury hied yesterday aSier
uoon. • •
Pan Franxisco, December 22. 1896.
•" To the Honorable Charles W. Slack, Presiding
. Judge of tie Superior Court, City an/t County of
San Frandtco— Dear Sib : We, the Grand Jury
of said City and County, most respectfully
*. • ITKW TO-DAT.
For
Christmas
■•'.'" Get him a pair ol BUCKINGHAM &
' HECHT S NOVA SCOTIA SEAL CORK
. SOL,E SHOES so he may keep his feet dry
• . .'and bis health good. Comfortable, long-
"-. [wearing shoes, that are absolutely water-
•■'".. proof. No more coughs, colds or rheum-
; '..atism. . •
"'. -.'" • Every Genuine Pair Stamped
"•■ BUCKIAtiHAM* HtCtfi.
V • : " PRICES— With Cork Soles.
... '.'Men's :.... .» WOO
' Ladies' ..................••.•••. -v*
' '• Without Cork Solas.
• '.Lad1e5'.......... $350 :
Boys'. .... 11 to 2, $2 50: 2% to 6, $3 00 •
Misses' . . . . ... .. 11 to 2, $1 75 and $2 50
' Children's.. ........6 to7M. |i 2i
* • ." ....BtolO^, $150aud»20«
'* Kiast's
. 738- Market St,
» tarry a Full Line of Buckingham &
Hecht's Fine Shoe*.
* MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY. FILLED.
submit this, our final, repor: arid ask to be
disL- harmed from furiner duty. ,„„„ .-,.
We were impaneled on Ocober 7. 1896, the
panel consisting of: Frederick Hobbs, Hnrry
Durbrow, Edward B. Cutter, C. C. Burr,
Georee Jones. H. S. Hagan, Wililam L. As.-c,
William F. Mau, Roben Haipht, David B. Fak
tor, August E. Drueker. J. Eow Jackson,
James C. Noalon. Richard Pecht. E. X Farns
worth. Frederick W. ZebfnM. M. Spiro, \\i
liam H. Pratt and Hany W. ■ioociall.
We have held twenty -five meetings, and ,
twenty-one indictments were f'linid, as 10l- j
lows: Eleven lor iib^l, six for perjury, two lor
burglary, one for grand larceny and one tor
violation of election laws. Nineteen presenta
tions have been ignored.
We have made an examination as far as our
limited time would allow ol all the various
public departments of this municipality, and
want of time has prevented us from making a
more thorough examination of many of the
departments.
Assessor, Auditor and Treasurer.
We have examined into the workings and
methods of each of said departments, and nnd
that the Assessor's office is well and ably Con
ducted; that the worK of this department is
very tnoroughly done, and that the Assessor,
John D. Siebe, devotes much time snd atten
tion t.o the supervision cf all of its affair.-.
Auditor.
We find that the affairs of the Auditor's of
fice are excellently ma'.iftged and conducted
and that none of the other departments are
necessarily inconvenienctd by or through
this department; that William Broderick,
Auditor, personally supervises almost ail the
work of nis office.
Treasurer.
We find that the Treasurer's office and its
affairs are ably and efficiently conducted by
A. C. Wldber. Treasurer; that because ot the
importance, and we nii.hi <ay necessity of his
presence, the Treasurer devotes all of bis time
to this dept-rtnient. We have also iound that
the p^ent law governing the collection cf
th-? personal property taxes is burdensome
snd unsatisfactory, and causes much hard
snip and inconvenience to the taxpayers, as
a so ;o tne otficvrs entrusted with the collec
tion oi the tax. We further find that the pres
ent system of coliectiag tail tax is a mosi ex
pensive one and will o6«l the citizens end tax
payers ot this City about $30,000 more this
\vtlr than tne method furmetly employed
under the previous law, and because of
in:* inconvenience, hardship and extra cost to
our citizens a d taxpayers we recommend that
our State Let;:.-iaiure at its approaching ses
sion repeal the present law— that is, so far as
the same applies to the City and County ot
Baa ffraociseo — and in. its stead enact such a
law as will do away with the hardships and
expense comp.ained of.
Board of Education and Public Schools.
We find the schools generally in good order,
although some of the buildings are not in as
sood sanitary condition as they should be.
The purchase of the lot on Eighteenth and Do
lores streets for anew high school has received
gem? cousiderab'.e attention, and the conclu
sions reached are that another hi«h school at
thig time is not needed. We condemn the
financial management which compels the de
partment to deduct the amounts actually due
the t'-achers earned as salaries, and are of the
opiniou tb.it the expenses in other quarters, as
the employment ot sped.il teachers ai hit'h
saUries for the b?nent of a few, should be
abolished rather than to deprive the great ma
jority of teachers of salaries well earned.
Coroner.
We find the Coroner and his subordinate of
ficers attending to their respective duties.
Public Morgue.
We find this building tobeo!d and dilapi- j
daied, entirely u:.fi: for its purpose, and urge ]
that a new Moraue be erected. Among the j
many deficiencies we noticed the shameful j
lack of the absolnte requeues for piat mortem
end cnemical Investigations. The sursicai in
siruinenis, go called, stem wbo.ly inadequate.
W- examined t>undry bills for supp.ies fur
nished and found the prices charged for some
articles to be exorbitant.
Public Pound.
We visited and inspected the Public Pound
and found the place clean and conducted in a
humane and syttematic manner.
Courts.
We recommend that oue of the Police Courts
of the City be Kept open for toe transition of
business during the entire day, alternating
with each other for that purpose. We are in
clined to the opinion that the police courts are j
not overworked, and it is questionable if one
might not be abolished wfthout detriment to j
the public interest, and quite a saving to the j
tax-payers be thus made. In a generai way it
is noticed that the individual fines for mis
demeanors are much less than were formerly
imposed, and some cause for complaint has
been alleged to exist from this factdetrimental
to the proper enforcement of the laws and
nullifying somewhat lhe efforts of the police
to secure such adequate punishment after
arrest as will have a tendency to deter others
from committing similnr crimes.
It having come to our knowledge that certain
persons are endeavoring to increase the num
b«r of ocr fcuperi r Courts, and being satisfied
that there is no necessity, at the present lime,
for such increase, we recommend to our repre
sentatives in the Legislature that they oppose
the passage of such a law.
County Clerk.
We find that to economically run the County
Cierk's ofSce is a matter which under t. c
present laws is chiefly in the hands of the
County Clerk, and his own conscience must
decide as to whether he is doing the City jus
tice or not. The only relief offered for a naod
incationof the present excessive salaries, as
fixed by law, ana the conduct of this office, is
in the framing of a new charter. We find the
work of the office well and thoroughly done.
Justices' Clerk.
We find this department to be in a satisfac
tory condition, showing a revenue which not j
only pays the salaries of the justices and j
clerks but leaves a surplus to the City and
County. We therefore recommend that suita
ble ircin box fi;es and racks be constructed for
the pre«erva.tio;i and safe keeping of docu
ments and papers of record which at the pres
ent time, for want of proper accommodation,
are in a deplorable condition.
Water and <ia» laspector.
This office seems to be generally regarded by
t!;e citizens of S*n Francisco, and so regarded
by this Grand Jury, as an office principally for
some favored applicant to draw a good salary
ior very inadequate services. From the ex
amination by the committee the in
cumbent seems to have very little practical
knowledge of the duties he is expected to per
form, and from the limited araoant of service
rendered we think that the office could be
abolished without any detriment to the inter
ests of ihe City.
District Attorney.
We have found the office of the District At
torn^ well conducted and the work expe
dmd'with all possible dispatch. The services
of the District Attorney and his assistants
have always been promptly rendered in our
deliberations.
City and County Attorney.
Mr. Creswell has been asked to appear before
the jury on several occasions a;id has cor
dially given us ail the information desired.
We have especially looked Into the interests of
the City as regards its reai estate and find that
the City and County Attorney is giving proper
attention to all litigation connected there
with.
Fire Department.
Our committee on Fire Department, fire
alarm and Fire Marshal has made & full and
complete report. It commends the present
efficiency and management of the dep»rt
ment; recommends the purchase of a fireboat
for the department ; tne increase of service in
the outlying districts; the establishment of a
builders 5 and architects' bureau; a fully paid
department; the removal of the fire alarm
station from its present quarters ;n Chinatown
to the dome of the nev City Hall; the estab
lishment of a pompier, or life-saving corps;
the attachment of stand pipes on all build
ings of four or more siories in height: better
fire protection in the others and public build
ings; that the telephone company be com
pelled to send over their lines ail alarms ot
fire without the person giving the alarm t*ing
compelled to deposit a nickel in the slot The
report in full is at the service of the incoming
Mayor, should be deem it worthy oi consider
ation and attention.
Lotteries.
On this subject we find the law is defective,
inasmuch as it makes the crime misdemeanor
when it should be a felony. It seems impossi
ble to get at the managers and promoters of
the business. The po ice courts, for some rea
son, are entirely too lenient in the matter of
penalties, us they have gradually reduced the
amount of fines imposed to merely a nominal
sum where formerly large fines were imposed,
and tne courts entirely omit tbe imprisonment
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
penalty. We recommend that the District At
torney prepare the necessary amendments to
the Penal Code whi'^h will n.ake the law more j
B triages! and effective, and also prohibit ad- |
vertisiug through the papers, or otherwise,
anything pertaining to lotteries before or after
the drawing: also make it prima facie evi
dence of guilt to have lottery tickets in one's
possession.
City and County Hospital.
We find the sewerage system, plumbing and
ventilation of the different wards of this insti
tution very defective, and the same should be
immediately remedied. We find that there
are at present nbout three hundred (300) pa
tients in this institution, some eignty (Bi>) |
paid employes, besides fourteen (14) internes i
and eight (8) rated ward tenders who receive
no pay.
In tbe matter of drug* supplied we find the
quality good, the same being let^out by com
petition. Also we find the provisions up to
the standard, except beef, which has not been
up to the grade and quality as per coutract.
There has been an appropriation of $10,000 j
made for repairs to the hospital. We ascenaln i
that this work has not beeu let out to compe
tition, as it should have been, but h»s been
given out in small lots of less mau $500, from
time to time, thus evading the provision of
the law providing $500 as the liniic of private
expenditure.
Penthouse.
We find this building old and dilapidated.
Nineteen patients are there at present, thir
teen being Chinese lepers, four white lepers I
aud two paralytic Cr.inanieu. We recommend i
thst ihe Ci y ut once procure passage for these j
rifteeu Chinamen and return them to their |
native country. The present site isundesir-j
able tor ruany'reasrons an i a removal should
be effected us soon as possible.
Alnishouse.
The Almshouse contains at present some
900 iniUHtes and has about thirty paid em
p.oyes. We indorse the management of the
institution and believe the present adminis
tration is carried on with due regard to econ
omy aud efficiency.
Keceiving Hospital.
We found in the main this institution well
conducted, doctors and attendants attentive
to their duties. The plumbing is, however,
very bad, particularly urinals and toilets.
The janitor's service is very inefficient. The
sure.cai instruments and appliances are out
ofdateandin many cases unfit lor use. The
drugs which are turnished are charged for at j
I exorbitant prices, which is true also of the i
dru4s furnished the Almshouse and the
County jails.
City Hall.
Our attention was called' to the filthy con
dition of the corridors of the City Hall, and
on investigation we found this condition ex
tended to many of the offices, storetooms and
toilets in the building. We would suggest
mat the head janitor be obliged to give all his
lime to this matter, as under present con
j ditions most of his time is given up to his own
; private busi ess, and consequently he gives
; very little supervision to the torce under h;m.
j We also recommend that a lew electric lights
be placed in the corridors.
Board of supervisors.
We disapprove of the action of the Board of
! Supervisors in ordering the City and County
I Surveyor to expunge from the new official
] map certain streets and public highways by
i resolution, and think that the practice is an
exceedingly dangerous one and one through
I which mucY>. tedious and costly litigation may
be brought about
Public Library and. Magdalen Asylum.
Tbe committee has visited each of these in
stitutions and has iound them in all respects
well conducted and in a most sausiactory con- J
[ dition.
Police Department.
We have visited the City Prison and also the |
various stations and find everything in excel
lent condition. W« also find the Ponce De
partment as a whole thoroughly efficient and
well organized, tue discipline good, ami the ■
citizens are to be congraiuiatea on the fflith
ful admiuistration of this branch of govern. \
ment.
Recorder.
We recommend that the Board of Supervis
ors have the interior of the Hall of Records
painted, as tne same is much needed, not hav
ing received a coat of paiut since its occup«
patiou, seme t»en;y years or thereabouts, and
| is in a very fi.tiiy eonditiou; tnat electric !
lights (incandescen'g) be introduced, as under
the present law the office must be kept open
until 5 p. m., and at this time of the year it is j
almost impossible to see utter 4p. m. We rec- !
ommend the fixing up of the basement, as H I
would !_e a splendid place for the storing of ;
old records.
We find that the Recorder ha*=, in some
! cases, failed to obey oruer No. 2336 of the
I Board cf Supervisors "providing for ihe con
; veyance to the City ana County of streets laid
' out through private tracts of land prior to the
recording of maps or p.ats of said lands by the
Recorder."
Election Commissioners.
We would suggest that the Election Commis
sioners and Kecistrar have tbe lists of precinct
officers and precinct registers completed at
least thirty (30) days before election aud place
the same in the hands of the police patrol
men for a thorough examination as to the
general character of the appointees and
voters; and in the case of voters found im
properly on the reKisters by reason of uon
resiaeiice, or being convicts, or lor other
good cau:>e they be stricken off.
Thiscau be more thoroughly and econom
ically done in this way than by the use of pri
vate detectives, as now employed by the Reg
istrar.
Public Administrator.
We have examined into the workings of this
department and have found the work in such
a satisfactory condition that we have no com
ment to make.
Sheriff and County Jail.
We have visited the Sheriffs office and found
the work of this department properly con
ducted, books neatly kept and generally in
keeping with the other public offic s.
We have also inspected tne County Jail and
found it in a good condition and properly
managed, with the exception of the west cor
ridor, which needs better ventilation. We
have inspected branch jails 2 and 3 and found
tnem in good condition and cleamy kept.
Golden Gate Park.
Golden Gate Park is looked upon by all our
citizens as a place of beauty and recreation
to be enjoyed by a. I classes of our people. We
regret that the management of this park is
uot such as to meet with our entire approval.
We find that contracts involving the large
expenditure of money are not made with that
care aud precision which would be employed
by an ordinary business man in conducting
his own affairs; that whiie some contracts are
in writing, many are verbal and do not ar
pear on the records of the commission. We
find that sufficient attention has not been paid
to the making or allowance of progressive es
timates as to some of the work at present in
course of construction, and that because of
inattention or lax methods, more money ha s
been allowed to some of tne contractors than
was justified by tne facts.
City and County Surveyor
We find that the City entered upon a con
tract with th' 1 present Surveyor for the mak
ing of an official map, to cost $10,000. We
find that said map is in an incomplete state
ai the present time and has especial. y the ioi
NEW TO-DAY. '
/ \ *^— — BBHH9HS
?^^^^JvX N^^^^Jß Of one of our beautiful gold trim-
'~~^~~*^ a SEs§vm mcc *' enameled banquet lamps —
oBg&fi&Effi/ I ">^B» '' g ' lt t ' iat ' 5 as so^ and steacJ V anc^
*U H&Y [\ f^jffiam brilliant as the sun itself— reading or
jSaT/y l\\ ——jn^^jffigaPlS. working at night is without the
lg@sJ\f I VY "^iS^ slightest strain on the eyes.
~sa# \V\ jSj^HKfl la To-day we wiil have on saJe the
■* *^^"^^SB2b%m finest lot of high-grade banquet
Tf *^ 3lS3pßßk*iM& lamps ever shown in San Francisco.'
■> a " •/•'»>•-'.■■ . .vT*T ®P^ *v They only arrived yesterday, and
comprise some beauties in gold trimmings and ornamentations, and beautiful effects
in Paris, Berlin and Vienna enamels. All ? have \ simple and easily worked central
draught burners and ; are the most ornamental lamp that can be added to the attrac-
tiveness of the home. Will tak* either globe or shade. Prices from $15 to $30. ;'
I The Myers Oil-Heater ami th» J!IEl Si l" . if] !Lll tS Kill.
Blue Flame Oil Cook Stove Will J<Jl I I 1 ■ I 111 ■ 1 1 VI UUI
Fiease You. Ask to See Tiit-iu. -■-■: ;• ■ J - -j.r ;■;■.'-:: -\;- : :.\. ,', :.:■:,, -,;,- ■,r..^.-... : --.-^
1 ;;";;"-•;—;;;;-^ 947 Mirket St., -Text to Dais's.
lowing omissions, to wit: There are no monu- |
ment< designated; there are no township and j ,
section lines dosign«ted; there are no ranch
lines delineated; the 200-:oot boulevard ad
joining the Pacific Ocean is pot placed on said
map; the roaas in Golden Uate Park at
Seventh avenue do not show on said maps as
they exist.
We also find that the Board of Supervisors,
by certain resolutions, notably resolution 14,
-693, third series, lesolved: That the City Eu
gineerbenand is hereby directed not to deli
neate upon the new official map any streets in
the Sunnydale Tract, except Sunnydale
avenue and the clerk is directed to advertise
this res'ilution as required oy law. In Board .
of Supervisors, San Francisco, June, 29, 1898. j
We call attention to the fact that upon in
vestigation made by the Superintendent of
Streets he fiuds that the blocks in said tract |
are fenced, and the names of the streets are
designated by sign boards nailed on the
femes, and the streets are open, excepting
that a piece of barbed-wire has lately been
stretcned across the street The map ot Sunny
dale was recoraea in the Recorder's office, but !
no deeas to the streets were given, es tbe law {
requires. This is only one instance oi where
the Board of Supervisors has ordered, by reso- j
lotion, the City and County Surveyor to leave
certain streets and additions t<> the City off
the official map. We cannot find any law |
authoriziug the board to take such action, j
They may have authority to close a street if j
it is for the public good, but to order by a i
resolution the City and County Surveyor, who I
is preparing a new ffficiai map, 10 leave cer- '
tain .streets off the map, wttnout officialh- clos- |
ing the same in a legai manner, we consider is |
not in their proviiiCe.
We recommend that fireproof safes be pro
vided for the Surveyor's office, in which to
keep records or surveys, fieid notes, etc. Also
that official maps now hanging on the walls
be* recorded in the Recorder's office and certi
fied copies be provided for the Surveyor's
office.
Superintendent of Streets, Highways,
Kfco.
We have partially examined into the work
ings of this department and find the same
lairly satisfactory. We find that upon the
following streets there are car-tracks not in
use, to wit:
Taylor street, from Golden Gate avenue to
Green street; Battery street, from California
to First; Pine street, from Sansome to Market;
Stockton street, from Market to Post; Stockton
Street, from Jackson to Broadway; Pacific
avenue, from Mon;gomery avenue to Stockton
street; Bush street, from Dupout to Market;
Washington street, irom Montgomery to
Stockton; First street, from Market toFolsom;
junction of Mason and Market streets; junc
tion of Turk and Market streets; Taylor street,
crossing Market and Sixth; Pacific street,
crossing Dupont; Fulton street, irom First
avenue to Fifth avenue; First avenue, irom
Point Lobos aveuue to Fulton street; Fell
street, from Devisadero to Baker; Oik street,
from Fraukliu to Fillmore; Frankliu street,
from Oak to Feli; Fell street, from Franklin to
Poik; Brodertck street, from Oak to Ell s;
E.lis street, from Devisadero to iJroderick;
Bush street, from Central avenue to Lark.v
street; Spear street, trom Market to Harrison;
First street, from Market to Folsom; Tenth
street, from Howard to Channe. ; Channel'
street from Potrero avenue to Twenty-fourih
street; Filteenth avenue south, from Ban |
Bruno road to Railroad avenue; Howard !
street, from Twenty-fourth to Twe- ty-sixtu ;
unused turntable on Twenty-sixth aud How
ard streets.
We recommend that the Superintendent of
Streets pay particular attention to the im
provement of streets in the immediate vicinity
Oi eugine-hous-s and plate them in such con
dition as to insure the safe travel of tire en
gines and hose carts.
License Collector and Tax Collector.
We have found the work of the License Col
lector's a d Tax Collector's offices conducted
in an efficient and satisfactory manner. A
more thorough examination ol the Tax Collec- j
tor's accounts by competent experts having j
beeu gone into by the ißst Grand Jury we have
not deemed it necessary to go into this detail
attain, especially ns at this time the office is
constantly occupied in the collection of the
present year's taxes, but a desire was ex
pressed by Mr. Biock to have a thorough in
vesagation of his department at any time.
City Supplies.
The Grand Jury believes that an entire
change should be made in the manner of pro
i curing and furnishing a laree i. umber of the
supplies required for the various City insti
tutions.
i They recommend that a central depot be
j established and an efficient superintendent be
appointed to receive, weigh and inspect aJI
supplies and certiiy mat the various articles
I urcJiased and delivered are equal in quality
to the standards required, lype samples
shouid be kept ia his office in order that bid
ders tan at all times see what w;u be required
of them.
The system of obtaining supplies for City
penal institutions by advertising for "rations"
is condemned as b-ing me poorest metnod of
obtaining the artii-les required. These in«tl- I
tutions snou:d be s-upplied tike the other City
institutions at a sta ed price for ail articles |
needed. Tnis will ao away wilh ext>en-lve !
advertising for Dids for rations, which expense j
ha.- now to be borne by tne suece-sful bidder, i
wnich often prevents h. iree aud general com- I
petition ol bidders and greatly aids "rings" I
to combine and secure the contracts at h'gh j
prices, as has been done heretofore oa btverai j
occasions.
City Heal Ettate.
We have made an examination of the realty
belonging to the City and we are surprised to
find that there is no complete and correct list
oi such property on file in the Mayor's office
or in any other department, and we recom
mend that this deficiency be supplied at once
and a correct inventory be accessible at all
times.
Reports of Grand Jury.
It is a well-known fact that after long and
careful attention to public interests of the
various Grand Juriestheir finnl reports have
simply been received, accepted and pigeon
holed and the jury discharged. We concur
futly with the recommendation made by our
predecessors that this aud all future reports
ul the Grand Juries shall bj included iv the
annual printed municipal reports of the City.
The limited time allowed by law for the
existence of the present Grand Jury ba< pre
vented us from making a more thorough in
vestigation into many of the departments of
this municipality, which we very much re
gret, and as the last Grand Jury has complied
with '.h- law requiring an annual exporting of
the books and accounts of the various City
and County officials we have not deemed it
necessary to go into that work again after so
snort au interval of time. R"speotluliy sub
mitted Frederick Kobbs, Foreman.
Hakry JDcrbrow, Secretary.
The Sultan of Turkey, who consumes a
larger number of cigarettes than any
other royal personage in Europe, is run
very closely by the German Eruperor.
The Kaiser's consumption of cigarettes is
very large. The Czar of Bussia has re
cently taken to cigarettes, but the pipe
used to be his favorite.
Blackberries are cultivated in America,
and on come plantations realize nearly
£250 an acre.
* NEW TO-DAT.
«&T«. •St^^^^J^^^^^^f^-^Ti-^T^^Tie^r^;*^ <»«. «iT«;^.T«. Js!t«. «?.T^. ; v
•**** -S|*» -ViV- -*l«* -Si"** -*i«* -?i«* •*l*> •»»«- -»*«• -ii* -*4V -Sl«» •»*«• -Si*- -?I« r syi^ s S'iS- -V|«- -?fB- -i-i*- -}!«• -S|«- -jf«» *Sl^ - f
5p Established 1827. - ' Comes Every Week. r»^
I The YOUTH'S A
The Companion of the Whole Family. '2^^*^-Vluiil^]ll^r-il rl ' Jl^
d'z The list of those who will contribute to The Youth's Companion Ml^^jvfiSgl liL^_" W |j
# during the coming year is, as usual, long and brilliant. It includes : *> SiSE?*^!!
|{£ not only popular writers of fiction, but also some of the most '^^^^^^ f^^^or'^oW'
eminent naval officers, travellers and explorers, men of science Ti^ ir T^ ; fc'9 fc
and Statesmen. " National Capitoi, Washington.
f 4 Life and Work at Washington. I
JJW -•':;-■■.-■*>■;"■< ; ;: -': ■"■ • '. -" : -\mf "." ':"' : Soft
•jig When Mr. Gladstone was Prime Minister he contributed to The Companion, as did Mr. Blame when Secretary of State.
51 P All the members of the present American Cabinet but three have written for its columns. During the coming year the Swfr
j|=|; ' f following features of national work will be described by members of the national government : <$&
y EARLY DAYS OF THE POST-OFFICE, HON. WM. L. WILSON, Postmastcf-Gcn^ ||
# BUILDING A WAR-SHIP, HON. HILARY A. HERBERT, Secretary Navy. §?
# WHAT THE ATTORNEY-GENERAL DOES, Hon. JUDSON HARMON. #
# THE LIFE OF A SENATOR, f HON. HENRY CABOT LODGE. #
# THE LIFE OF A CONGRESSMAN, Hon> THOMAS B. REED. #
lm ' II
m For Ambitious Boys. For Ambitious Girls. i
A THE HABIT OF THRIFT, Andrew Carnegie. TRAINING THE VOICE, Madame Lillian Nordica. 1^
dk, BECOMING . A DOCTOR, , Dr. Austin Flint. A GIRL "WHO BECAME FAMOUS, §.
X ; HOW LINCOLN EDUCATED HIMSELF, " Mrs. Burton Harrison. W
W /y;i - Jesse W. Weik. NURSING AS A CAREER, Dr. W. L. Love. W
m FORESTRY AS A PROFESSION, Gifford Pinchot. MARRIAGE SETTLEMENTS, Elizabeth Bisland. 4%
THE LARGEST SALARIES, Carroll D. Wright. FLOWER-GROWING FOR PROFIT, Reneßache. J^
I Popular Writers for 1897. I
S|?f| In addition ; to twenty-five staff writers, The Companion Contributors include not only the most popular writers ol s&
... •-"•'-/ fiction, but some of the most eminent Statesmen, Scientists, Travellers and Musicians. 3£
$1 lan Maclaren. Geo. W. Smalley. . Hon. Theodore Roosevelt. The Marquis of Lome.
Rudyard Kipling.: * .; Harold Frederic CoL George E. Waring, Jr. Lady Jeune. **j^
Hall Came. . Hamlin Garland. Hon. Carl Schurz. Lady Harcourt. £M
;>(? Stephen Crane. ''. Max C/Rell. Dr. W. A. Hammond. Miss Alice Longfellow. •s's ,
£% Frank R. Stockton. W. Clark RusselL Dr. Cyrus Edson. Edward Everett Hale. M-
-0^ Charles Dudley Warner. Lieut. R. E. Peary, U. S. N. Dr. Austin Flint. Rev. Lyman Abbott, D. D. 3£
i}V - " •.' And more than one hundred other eminent men and women. *^
r i m
o v ■ _i_
|| One of the most beautiful CALENDARS issued this year ||
f | , will be given to each New Subscriber to The Companion.
.**i^ 'It is made up of Four Charming Pictures in color, beautifully executed. Its si«« is io by 34 inches. The subjects are delightfully «^
£'z attractive. This Calendar is published exclusively by The Youth's Companion and could not be sold in Art Stores for less than $1.00. JAi,
viv* ■_„-"..: .......■■-, ■ •jwj
7j§ ' ■ 700 Large Pages In Each Volume — 52 Weeks for $I.7s— Send for Illustrated Prospectus.
$ •■'3 12-Cnlor I-• SPECIAL OFFERS. 2 PiVfi Cn\nrt II
gi'z «;. IA-WIV/1 £ Hew Subscribers who will cut out this slip and send it at once « IVIvII wUiUI S. «&»«.
'j»* *i ■> with name and address and $1.75 will receive: 46 $» .^;^-
$M *^ Cof Art*» *► FREE— The Youth's Companion every week from the time sub- «/* ** is*+* A*% +. * •*'&
(if *> Calendar » scription is received till January x, 1897; ' * Calendar | *
. T^H*-- *-- Christmas, New tear's Double Numbers; * w ** v **** ?
.i; ■••* '■-^•■-^.■■-^•'■-^ FREE— The Companion's 4-page Calendar for 1837. a beautifully « w-* ■b-*. ■■— « w^« 4 ffi
t 1 FREE, & colored souvenir. The most costly gift of its kind The ? FREE S ft
.f- <? IT fv-dlJ*. £ Companion has ever offered; ■ ' * W~^ T*ITZ,VZ, 5
£!«: 4t *■ * V*-**-* # ♦ And The Companion 53 weeks, a full year.'to Jan. 1, 1898: : * '•■■ *V.*-^*-^ # >
0- THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, 20 Columbus Avenue, Boston, Mass. ||
KILL TWO BIRDS
WITH ONE STONE!
: In selec Ing your 1 CHRISTMAS PRESENT buy something your WIFE,
DAUGHTER or SISTER; REALLY NEEDS and which you will eventually
havp to buy. Kindly pay us a visi^and we will assist you in finding some-
thing that will be JUSJ THE THING.
We still have a few left of those LADIES* RAINCOATS with <DO QK
Cape at...... 4>^iOO
LADIES' CORDUROY WAISTS, dressmaker mad* and lined O>A. 7K
throughout, regularly $6, now at...... *?"• I *-*
LADIES' KERSEY JACKETS, silk lined, velvet on collar, and fljifl OK
never sold less tnan $15, now at............... *P IV/» £*\J
Bi+MMMftTSr.
USEFUL HOLIDAY GIFTS
FOR LADIES AND MISSES.
One of Oar Celebrated Corsets and Waists
The Reigning Fashionable LOUIS XV
. PAKISIAN COB Eland TUB
OLGA cokset.
2 * Jm^^^^^ 2' *
• CAUTION— no agencies or branch storey,
our Corsets can be purchased only at our estab-
lishment. •-..' . ' ' •■■■■ "• = ■-.. •
Mall Orders receive prompt attention. -
; Illustrated Catalogue mailed free. '..'_'.
■'<■:': tar Parcels delivered free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. ..:, .• ..-.-.■. -
Our } Store Op«n Evenings until Jan. '■■ 1.
MAKE NO MISTAKE IX OUB ADDRESS
M. FREUD eft! SON,
~-,V 742-744 Market st. and 10-12 Grant are. ;/ <~
GENUINE
ROXBURY
BRUSSELS
CARPET,
750 A YARD,
SEWED AND LAID.
[ SHIREK &TSHIREK,
747 Market Street,
I Xel. 5391. : Opp. Grant Are.
ART SALE!
At Auction.
M. STRAUS, Artist,
Has Instructed Us to Sell His Entire Coilec-
tiuu, comprising
125-125-125-125
Oil Paintings and Sketches.
IN THE MAPLE HALL,
On ; the First Floor of * the Palace Hotel.
AUCTION SALES:
TUESDAY at 2:30 and 7:4s o'clock P. fl.,
December 223.
WEDNESDAY at 2:30 and 7:45 o'clock
P. M., December 23d. ,
FREE EXHIBITION
MONDAY, December SI, 1896, from 9:30
a. m. to 9:30 P- m. , ->.r. M. btrans has a
prominent standing among the artists of this
State. He is a very honest and faithful de-
lineator of nature, and is very picas! In an
extended varieiv of subject", extending over
7 Landscapes, Fruit, still Life, Marine, Ani-
ma etc. «■-. ;- -• •■> ■ ■.. ■
Do not forget the days and hours of the
auctlca sales. Catalogues at iiaple Hall,
Palace Hotel, and at our office. ibis collec-
tion presents an elegant opportunity from
which to select Christmas tokens. •  ».
EASTOX. ELDKIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St. ■ Auctioneer*,
S OPIUM
The pura essential extract from the satire drug:. Con-
tains all I the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without its noxious elements. No sickness cf stomntn;
no TomK.ng ;no costi Tenets ■no headache. All Druggists.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
rVHARLES H. PHILLIPS. .ATTOKNEY-JMV :
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 Mar s;., opp»
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Beaidenc* 163$
Fell atrot. ■: Telephone •* Ptif " 2881. . .'■
STOCKTO.I STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington S«™
At 0 I*. SI, JJajly. ireiKlit received op
.-■ ■ '-,:- -' ■ to .:3(»P.IL r v '
- jfjT Accommodations Reserved by Telepnoaa.
lus only line tmuLinjc througo . rates on Vailoy
' Road freight. ; ' '-" « ' •"'•"."'
--. .-. ;.= ■•.■ .: BTKAM£RS: \ ...
T. C. Walker, ' ,J. D. Fet«ra,
U»ry Uaj-rmtt, " ; : > City of Stockton.
1 *'e*eyiium» Mala 899. C»i. £>»v. »ad Imuu C«
OCEAN TRATEL
PIOFIC COAST STEAMSHIP GO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BftOADWAY At
wharf, Sao Francisco, v follows: tBWtFtX
For Mary Island, .Lorinsj, Wrungel, Joneau, Kll-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. m., Dec. 10, 2«.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, B«aiUe, Tacoma, Everett, AnacortPs and
New W. attorn (Bellinebam Bay, Wash.), 9 a. v.
Dec 6, 10, 15, 20, '26, 80, and every filth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X.. at Ta< oma with N. P. B. R., at Seattle with U.
>". Ky., at Port Towosend with Alaska steamers. I
For Kureka, Arcaa and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), str. Pomona '2 r. m., Dec 8, 7, 11, 14,
18, 23, 37, Si. and every fourth day thereafter. '
For Santa. Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Caynco^
. Fort Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, &an Pedro, East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. M.
Dec. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every foartli
day thereafter.
For Han Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Oblspo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
reles, Bedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a.m. Dec.B, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensetiada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Pas and Quay mas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. U. 35th of each month. .- .
1 he Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
aOODALL, PKKKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco. .
THEO.R.&N.CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMEB3 TO
PORTLAN ID
From fipaar-streee Wharf, ax 10 a. if.
T? A 'Dl?/»13 Fir«t-cl»»B > Including
J? AXVJu\»6 Second-class /berth * me»La
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ...... .Sec 19, 29, Jan. I
C01umbia. .............. ......Dec 14; 24, Jan. 8
Through tickets and through baegate to all
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon appUa*.
lion to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene-al Agent,
630 Market street.
ROOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Superintendent*
OCEANIC B.S. CO. f\ "AYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, gW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [• my
AUSTRALIA. \JS.S. AUSTRALIA.
8. S. ArBTKALIA for HONOLULU only, Toe*
day, December 2 9. at 10 a. m. Special party rate*
H. B. MakIPUsA sail* via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND tor &YDN£Y, Thursday, Janu*sy
7, at % r. M.
Line 10 < OOLQABDIE, A ust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. 51T.ECKELS & BROS. CO. Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market st- san Francisco.
COMPAGSIE fiEIEKIL TRAJSATLI.!TI(|US -
-5 TTencU Ul9 •to Havr^. v
CO>trANY'!<PIER(NEW).43 NOKT!I -/Sjgg_
\J River, foot of Morton st. | Travelers b/ -^*»lglg
this line avoid both transit by English railway aal
the discomfort of crossing the channel la a *cn*U
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, vu r*ii±
first-class $l«>o: se<:oua-uiiu4, *ila.
LA 88ETAGN1fi.'...............:..Jan.'2 sa. U.
LANOKMANDIE Jan. 9 9 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE......... .Jan. 16. 10 A. sc
LAI!UUEUO:tNE... Jan. 23, 6 A. c
LA GASCOGNE.....^. Jan. 30. 9 a. K.
Am *■ "•* luxtuer puruculan upplv to >%KB&&StSm
'-•<, A. FORGET. Ann,
- MX S. Bowling Green, New Yorlc.
3. F. rcoAZl A CO. ak«u<* ft Montgoaisry
s>venue. Ban Frauciaco. ___^
white mi mi
United States \ and Royal. Mail Steamers
BBTWKXX
New York, Quoenstovyn & Liverpool,
"". 6AIJLI>»-» HViiitx >>i%£K. ;
CABIN, $oO AND UPWARD. ACCORD- VMM.
Ins to steamer and accommodations miamm
selected' second cabin,?. 'l 50 and*!/ 60: Majea.ta
ami Teutonic Bteerags Tickets from England, Ire-
land,- Scotland, • Sweden, Norway and • Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. =. Tickets,
Balling dates - and cabin plans may be procured
fromW. H.AVERY, Pacinc Mail Dock, or at '.a»
i (general Office of the Company, tf 13 Market street
nw»er Ur*nd HoteL U. W. FLETCHER.
.-. General Agent tor Pacific UO*»U ~
TALLEJO ASD C. S. lAn-T.«A.
STKAMER "MOSTItELLO,"
i Dally ex. Sat. A San- *lU:ai) a. h.. 4 and 9:30 P. X.
Saturdays ....... ..^. ..:..... *10:30 a. m., i r. M.
I 8unday5..;...7...... .......:;...„...... ;-; ;...8 p. it
■'• Landing Mission-street Dock. Pier i. "
, . ■• . T«lf phone Black 261. . ■
•SxcunlOtt. trip, ziviu^ 6 ttuors at Navy-Yard.
FOR S4IUOSE, m GATOS& SAXTACRIZ
STEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 3ION-
O u«y, Wednesday, •- Friday, : ax 10 a. v. Alviso
Monday. Wednesday, Friday, at 6 P. M. Freight
and Passenger. Fare between. San Francisco and
I Alviso, 50c; ito < San Jose, ' 73c .' Clay m. Pier
1 •M W. bant» Clara at., San Jose.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MABKJiXa.
Wheat and Wheat Freights dull.
Barley and Oats quiet.
Bye and Corn lower.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Flour plentiful and dull.
Beans aiid S?eds neg.ected.
Sweet Potatoes higher.
Vegetables dull. -, : .
Batter and Eggs unchanged.
Cheese scarce and firm. '
A car of Eastern Turkeys arrived.
Game easier.
Deciduous Fruits <iu'et-
Oranges in heavy supply.
Dried Fruits and Hais n* still dull.
Provisions inactive.
Hops an i Wool very dull.
Hides and Leather depressed.
Coffee unchanged-
Beef, Mutton and Veal advanced. .
KliW YORK 3IAKKKTS.
Financial.
SEW YORK. N. V.. Dec 22.-After a weak
opening and a fractional decline in prices, slocks
improved on covering of snort contracts. The ad
vance outside of sugai which moved up about a
point was insignificant. The reduction of the divi
dend on Canada Sou. hern, however, started a sell
ing movement w; cli gathered force as the day
advanced. The bank failures at the West also
had a disturbing effect, and timid holders cut
down their line*. Delaware and Hudson scored
the heaviest loss and dropped 6% per cent; Long
Island fell 5; New Jersey Central. 4i&; Sugar,
1%; Canada Southern. 2V»: Burlington and
Quincy, 1%: Chicago Gas, IV*; St. Paul, 13 / a:
Rock Island. 18/ a; Consolidated Gas. 1%: Louii
vllle and -Nashville, li/s". Manhattan, 2%; Read
ing, 1; Tennessee coal, IV*: Rubber, 15,'s, and
Western Union I*4- speculation closed weak In
tone.
Net changes show declines of V4@l% P er cent
outside of Delaware & Hudson. Jersey Centra;
and Long Island, which lost 3y 8 5g,5% per cent.
Tobacco made an exceptional gain of 1 per cent.
Considering the shrinkage in prices the dealings
were comparatively small, footing up only 156,478
star?--
Bonds were quiet and steady, Sales ageregated
$765,000. Alton and Terre Hauie fives rose 1; Bur
lington and Quincy Drover fours of 1922. I*4: Chi
cago, St. Louis ana Faducah first fives, 1: Hocking
Valley Consoidateo. lives. 1; American Soirits
sixes, I 1 /*: Nashville. Chattanooga and St. Louis
first consolidated fives, 1. and New York Central
first coupon sevens, I: Utah Southern general
sevens fell 1%: Standard Hope ana Twine sxes,
IV*: Northern Pacific third sixes, 1%- an( Kan
sas Pacific con so; ad a ted fives, certificates, 2.
In Government bonds coupon fours of 1925 sold
at 119^@119'"V8 ana coupon fives at lld%.
Grain.
£ Tom — Dull. Winter wheat, low grades,
«2 20®3 39: fair to fancy, $3 35@4 75: do pat
ents, «4 90@5 25: Minnesota clear, $3 60@4;
do straights. S4@4 50: do patents. 54 25@5 15:
low extras. $2 i.o@!3 30; city m us. $4@5; do pat
ents. $5 10*5 15: rye . mixture. $3 80; su
perfine, 92 10@3 30: fine. $1 80@S 05. southern
flour dull, steady; common to lair, extra, $3©355;
good to choice do. S.> 65ff13 85. Rye flour,
quiet, steady. $2 85®3 25.
CORNMKAL-Qmet. steady. Yellow Western,
*1 95®* 05.
RYE— Dull. Western. 45c,
BARLEY— Firm; feeding, 28% c.
WHEAT— Spot market moderately active;
firmer; t. o. b., 981 gc ungraded red, 80®98V2 c ;
No. 1 Northern. 89 %c.
Options opened firm at %@lc advance on firmer
cables. Mi 1 -2(g,-"ie, rallied Sfg'S 3 /ic, and cl< sed
firm at S, B @il/8C over yesterday. May and July
rno«t active. ..\o 2 red January 88 Vie: March,
£B%c; >!ay, 861/8°: July, 8iy 8 c; December.
88Vsc
CuKN— Spots, dull, firmer: No. 2. 28 Tie ele
vator: 29% c afloat; ungraded mixed, 29c-
Op-ions were dull and firm at V»@Vic ad
vance. May most active. December, 28% c; Jan
uary, 29c; ay. 31i.iC.
OATS— Spots, dull, steady.
Options quiet, steady. December, 22c; Janu
ary. J-.'ijjc: February 23V* : May, 2*c
spot prices: No. 'i. 22*4 c: No. 2 white,
2514 c: .so. 9 Chicago, 23^ic: No. 33 white, 19c:
mixed Western, i!(.)(g,-3e; viuuedo, '.'is- 31c.
Provision*.
LAPP— Easy, quiet. Western steam. $4 I.l; .
City, ft 62 %@3 70: December, *4 05. nominal.
Jit-fined dull. Continent,. *4 40: South American,
f-i 75; compound. 4S B ra4UjC.
PORK— Steady. ew mess, $3 25@8 75.
i.CITKK- Fancy firm. Western creamery. 14
©22c: do factory, 7ial^c: JrJluini. i.2c; imitation
creamery, ll@l6-vi ( '.
CHKKSE— st«-auy: moderate demand. Part
skims, o-i/n@7c; full skims. 2^@3a
EGGS— Firm. lopliousp. 1 18c; Western fresh.
21@23c; do case, $2@4: limed. lE@ISV»C.
1 ALLOW— Firmer. City, S%c. couutry, 31/8®
i> S . »C.
COTTONSEED OlL— Firmer. Crude, 20c; yel
low prime. 23y B e.
RICK— active, firm. Domestic, 3»4@6c;
Japan, 41- B @4V3 c ". '
MOLASsb^i.^ tirm; moderate demand. New Or
leans, new, 25@34c.
COFFEE— Quiet: unchanged to 6 up. Decemb»r,
$9 35; January. $9 I): March. 99 45; May. *9 45:
July and .-eptember, $9 50. spoi Rio, dull, steady:
No." 7, 10c.
SUGAR — Dull. Off A. 4@4y 8 c f* tt>: mold
A. 4%c: standard A, 48/ B i-; confectioners' A.
414 c; cut loaf. sc: crushed, ac; powuered and
cubes, 45^0; granulated, 13 gc.
Fruit anil Produce.
APBICOTP— Bags. Bjillr.
FJ- Atlltt- Peeieo, boxes, 14@15c; unpeeled,
bags, 7--9 c.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal, sVß©si4c.
— Two-crown, loose mv caiel, 41/jC ft
Ib: 3-crowu, 5' -C; 4-crown, 6 Vis «- ; London layers,
45: clusters, si 65(d.2.
A MONDS— Soft shells, B®9i/«,c; paper shell,
ll@l2c.
WALNUTS— standard. 7%c: soft shell, 9c.
l.Oft-Qulft; Pacific Coast. 3i/i©l3c.
■WOOL-Quiet, firm; domestic fleece, 16®23c;
pulled, 18@31a
Merchandise.
riGIRON-Quiet; American. m@l3.
COPPER-Quiet: Lake. $11 20(ffll 50.
LEAD— Firm. Domestic, .-. ?,(s.', 05.
UN— Frm. straits, $13. Plates quiet.
tPEi-lti-.-Quiet. Domestic. »14Va®lB.
CHICAGO MAl;Ri;i>.
CHICAGO. Ili-, Pec 22.— The trade in wheat
was extremely light to-day, brokers and commis
sion houses having few orders and scarcely any In
terest being shown. There was auite adegiee of
firmness present, however, the opening price t eing
from S/ 8 c to %c above yesterday's Close. The in
centive lor Improvement came from Liverpool,
where an advance of Vi<l against oar decline of V«c
of , esterdsy was quoted- The light business tend
ed to check tbe rising inclination after the open
ing, a dull, featureless market ensuing. . Receipts
at Chicago were 73 cars and 68,334 bushels were
taken from store.. The Northwe<t hed 359 cars,
against 440 last Tuesday and 688 a year ago..
hradstieet's report! of an increase in the world's
stock* of M'-'.OOO bushels being received about the
same time t at news of the closing of a >>i Paul
bank: became known, the market was imijelud
downward, losing about 34 of a cent, out recover
ing later, Closing Continental cable* were irregn
lar. Export c earances amounted to 364,0-J.t bush
els. May wheat opem-d from 80i/ 8 c to ho%c. sold
between 80i/»c and 7t*Vic closing at Soi,4@b()3/ c,
c/g-. higher th»n yesteraay. Estimated r>cclpis fur
to-morrow -^0 cars. No. 'i red. spot, wheat ranged
from h8V 2 c to b9%c, closins about 89 Vi -B^3/ B e.
CORN— Moved through the session quietly,
neither activity nor incident developing and prices
holding fairly steady. The inspiration lor firmness
wi< derived as a natural course from wheat. Re
ceip's were 432 cars and 42.284 bus 'els were with
drawn from store Liverpool c. hies wore quiet
and un hanged. Expert clearances amounted to
197,5-*>4 bushels. Braast reel's r»poried in Increase
In available mockk of I.MHt.OO'J busnels. May
corn opened at 2514 c, advanced 10 25 Vic. closing
at ißi/gc, unchanged from yesterday. Estimated
receipts for to-morrow 240 cars
OATb— At the opening oats had more than their
customary share of activity, but with the execu
tion of lie orders then on hand the anitn a lon gave
way to quiet and dullness Prices exhibited a firm
tone, sympathy with wheat regulating the feeling.
Receipts were 475 cars. There were no with
drawals from store. Export* amounted to 40,550
bmhcls. Bradstreet's reported an Increase in
stocks of 1.524.000 bushels. May outs c osed y%fA
1/4 C higher. 1 stimated receipts for to-morrow 230
cars.
FLAX— Steady. Casn, No. 1. 72c; Northwestern,
73V2C: December, 72c; May, 75®7534a Receipts
were 30 cars.
PROVISIONS— The product market partook of
the geD era! holiday aspect. 'Fluctuations were
confined within narrow limits. An easy feeling
was communicated to prices by a decline in hog
values, but it was offset in a measure by the firm
ness of wheat. . May pork closed 2VjC lower, May
lard and ribs each a shade lower.
BUTTKK— The feeling In the butter market was
firm to-day. Receipts were (air and the demand
good. Prices were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras. 21c V &>: firsM, 18@19c;
seconds, 15@16c: 'imitations, fancy, l:-.@15c; June
foods, extras. -18c; firsts, 14@ 15c. ■ dairies—
tras. 19c: firsts. 14r<S17c: seconds. 10^1'jc La
dles — Extras, 10<$llc; firsts, b«B%c; packia;
block. t@b%c; ran butter, ioailc.
EGGS— Receipts were sma'l and buyers had
lime difficulty in supplying- their need?. Prices
were unchanged. Fresh stork. 20c lE* dozen.
MONEY— Was steady at 6@6? on time and call
loans. - New York exchange sold at par.
Closing Price*
• WHEAT— December, 77c; May. 80i4®80VaC-
July. 75V4C
. CORN— December, 22S/ 8 c; January, 22% c: May,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEELOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff st, Tel. Main 1954.
CE-VTBAL OFFICE -
CSS Market SL, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828.
' Uptown Office— Bald win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Room). Tel. Main 339.
: PCRDV & ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market 0.0
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, a. F.
fttiVAJf^ w^ul HM.W ypßg-
OATS— December, l(8/ May, 197/gC.
PORK— January, $ 60: May. $7 90.
LARD— January, *3 «'J%: May, *4 02%.
RlßS— January, »3 85; . May, $4 02%.'
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS. 111.. Dec. -The
receipts of cattle to-day were about as usual for a
J'ueiday. The demand was slow and prices were
generally 10c lower. The run of hogs was llueraL
Only a slow demand was noted and a decline of
5c took place. Sheep were dull and steady. :
CATTLK — RtceiDta. 4000. Fancy cattle,
55 30@5 40: choice 10 crime 1350 to 1700 tt> steers,
*4 80W5 25: cood to choice steers. 1250 to 1500 Ib.
J4bj(<»4 75; niealum steers. 1-00 10 1350 tb. 14 0.)
$.4 45: lair beef steers. 100 J to 1200 U>s.°fb 404fi
3 90: common beef steers. S3 B0«t3 75; good to
choice etocken and feeders, 900 to 1250 tb. »3 450
3 85; lair to ».ood do. 500 to 875 &>. 62 85(*
*5: boils, choice 10 extra. $3 26(^3 75: Lulls,
poor to choice. $1 90ji,S 20: cows ana heifer*,
choice to prime. So Gots4 00; cows, lair to cnoice.
$. 4003 60: rows, common 10 fair canners. SI 50
(g,'J 35: calves, rood to fancy. 84 75(cu5 50;
calves, common to eood. $3@4 70: Texas eras*
steers, (2 75@3 25: ■ Western range steer*. S3 25
Vu.t 80: Western range cows ana heifers. S2 50
too bO; milkers and springers, %\ head. S2SIU4U;
Texas fed steen. $3 3i@.'-'5.
iitiGS— Receipts. 33.U00. Heavy naciln* ana
rtilppine lots. $3 10(a3 35: common 10 choice
n.ixid. $3 'JOfgiJ 40: choice assortea. «3 3043 40;
iiflit. if 3 -JOteJ 40: piss. *2 t)OA3 45.
SHEEP — iuceipis. 11.000. lllltjnoc to cnoio*
12*3 75; laniba. »3-C(sO.O.
Keceipts at Oinahn.
SOUTH OMAHA. Nkbr.. Dec 22—HOOS—Re
ceipts, 3300. Market opened 5c lower and cosed
better. Light and mixed, $3 i.">© 3 i- 1*;1 *; heavy,
$3@3 ML
CATTLE — Receipts. 220U Market weak;
feeders lower. Steers. S3 30@4 10 ; cows. $1 60
@3 40; feeders. f3 iO(d3SO.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1200. Market steady. Mni
tons, $3 70: lambs, $5 25.
Receipts at Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 22— HOOS-Re
ceipts, 14.000. Easy; 6c lower. Light, $3 20<a
3 45: medium, $3 25@5 27%: neavy. «3 I'ji /2
3 22%: pigs, $2 95@S 05.
CA'iTLE — Receipts. 6500. Firm. Native
steers. $4 10@5 00; fair to pood, $3 lU@
4 10; cow 3 and neifers, best. $3 o('@i 50: fair to
good, 81 70©'-* 00: oulls. $2 00@2 70. stockers
and feeders, «3 15©3 70; Texas and Western,
$2 tiO@i 7A: calves. $4(a>i3.
Silt.KP— Receipts. 1100: strong.
NEW \Oi.K sTOOKi,
Bonds. Exchange, -Money mail Railroad
M>nrm.'
Money on call I%®'-'%; last loan at "2% and
closing offered at '/%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 3%©4%. Bar silver, 65V*c Mexican dollars, I
603^^5 1 ygc. Sterling exchange weak, with actual j
business in bankers' bills ai $4 83y a 83% for I
60 days and 54 >7{a4 S7i 4 for demand- Posted j
rates. $4 84Vi©4 88. Commercial bills, $4 82 I
04 83. Government bonds firm: State bonds ,
aull; railroad bonds easy, silver steady.
CLOSING STOCKS. ■
Am Tel A Cable... 85 North American... 4%
Atchison 13 ■ Northern Pacific. 13
Preferred.; 213^ Preferred 2214
Adams Express. ..l4B Northwestern 101
Alton, Terre Haute 6B Preferred 149
American ExpresslO9 IN V Central 93*4
American lobacco 77% X Y. Cblcago&StL 11%
Preferred 101 Ist preferred 63
Bay State Gas 10% I'd preferred. *6
Baltimore <fc Ohio.. 14% N V <fe N H 176%
Brunswick Lands. S /*N Y.<S New Kng... 46
Buffalo, Foch AP. 15 IN V Susq&W.... l>s
Canada Pacific 54% • Preferred 28
Canada Southern.. 46 {Ontario 10
Canton Land 60% Ontario <fc Western 14%
Central Pacific 14%'Oregonlniprovmnt
Cbes <St Ohio 15 '. Prele-red.
Chicago Alton. 160 Oregon Navigation 14
Preferred 172' Oregon Short Line. 13
Chicago, B A Q.... 70%'Pacinc Mall 23
Chicago <feE 111.... 40 Peoria. D<fe Evans 2
Preferred 95 Plitsbun; A W pfd. 15
Chicago Gas 82 Puilman Palace.... 167
C)ev>-<t PlttsDurg.l6'2 Quicksilver 11/!I 1 /!
Consolidation Coal. 3* Preferred 12
Consolidated Ga5. .146 Reading 24%
CCC ASt Louis... 200% RloGrande&Westn 15
Preferred 85 1 j referred 40
Colo Fuel <fc Irca.. 24 1 Rock Island 65V* j
Preferred 70 Rome Wal<iOgden.ll7
Cotton 0.1 Cert.... 10 StL<fc«W. 4
Commercial Cable. 150 ' Preferred.. 8%
Del Hudson 117% St Pau1............. 7 2 54
Del Lack<£Westrn.lss j Preferred 130
Denver AKG 11% St Paul Duluth.. 19
Preferred 41%j Preferred. 81
Distillers. Ist Panl & Omaha.. 47
General Electric... 31 ] Preferred 126
Erie 14% ! St i- MA M 11l
Preferred 32 Silver Certificates. 65%
Fort Wayne 162 Southern Pacific... 14
Great Northern nfdllß Southern R R 9 A
<>reen Bay -V* Preferred 26
Harlem 290 Sugar Refinery 10»
Hocking Coal- 5V* Preferred 100%
Hocking Valley... 17 Term Coal A Iron.. 24%
; Homestake 35 i Preferred »0
HA Texas Central Texas Pacific ..... 8
Illinois Central.... 92 To! A A A N Mich.
I lowa Central. 7% Tol Ohio A Central 20
Preferred 25 Prefernd ........ 60
Kansas A Texas... I- 1 * Tol st Louis AX C 5
Preferred 26Vs Preferred 15
Kingston A Perm.. 3 t'nion Pacific...... 9
Lake Erie A Westn 16% D Den A Gulf.... 2
Preferred 68 U55 Cordage — —
Lake Snore 154 Preferred
National Lead..... 22% Guaranteed %
Preferred *-5 C S Express ... 40 s /4
Longlsla-nJ 65 U S Leather. 8%
Louisville A Nash. 47Vs Preferred 69
Lonisvillf.N Albny V* L S Rubber 2*%
Preferred IV* Preferred......... 80
Manhattan C0n.... 87 Ciica A B River. . .160
1M em phis A Charts 15 Wab SL A Pacific. . 6%
Mexican Centra... 7 Preferred 16*/4
Michigan Central.. 90 \Vells-Far2o. 88V4
Minn A L Western Union.... 82
Preferred.. Wist onsin Central. 2
Minn A sit L com.. 18 Wheeling A L E... 6*4
Ist preferred 86 Preferred.... 27
2dDrefrrred 47 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 50V 8
Missouri Pacific... 19% W U Beef.. 0
Mobile A 0hi0..... 19 Ann Arb0r........ 9^4
Nashville A 1 halt. 67% Preferred 22
National Linseed.. 12 Brooklyn Traction. 18%
N J Central....;... 993/ 8 Erie 2d pfd. 'M
Norfolk A Westrn. 10*4 American Spirits.. 11
> Preferred 16V41 Preferred 26
CLOSI36 J3OVDS.
Ala Class A 4«. 104 Northern Pac 15t5.115%
Do Class B 4, 65. 104 Do 2d«. .......118
Alabama, class C. 96 Do 3ds. 76%
Atchison 4s 78% Do c0n501e5...... 63
Do'JdsA 41 Or lmprovmnt Ist. 80
Canada Sou'.h 2d5.1043^ Do 6s '. ...18
Cen Pad its 0f '96.102% o RAN lsts. 11»
Cherokee 4s, 1896.102 Do con sol
Do 1897 103 Or Short Line 65. ..11}
DOIB9H 102 I Do consol 83%
Do 1899 102 Pacific 6s O( '97.... 99%
; A Ohio ss. 107 Phlla& Reading 4s 80%
I ChAN PTr Rets 41 . Do Ist Incom. 4 6
I D C 3-65.1..... IOBI4K Grande West lsis 76V4
Den AP. G Ist 110 St LAlronMtGenSs 76%
Do«s »0S/ 4 St L ASFGen «b..1j0%
Eri« 2ds 64 St Paul C0n5015.. ..130
FtWADenCHy lsts 60%Ut P C A Pa lsts ..117 '
GH A A6s 91 So Carolina 4 Vis... 102
Do2d7s. 95 Southern X X 55... 91
Gen Elec Deb 55... 90 ' Do Pac Cat lsts.. 107
H A Tex Cent 65... 109 Term new 3s. 81
Do con 105 Texas Pac 15t5..... 86
lowa Central lsts.. 9534 l'axas Pac 2d5.....109%
Kansas Pa Consols 66 Union Pac lsts 96. 102%
Ks PalstsDenDivllS U « reg of 1925.1195/ 8
La Co sol 4&....... 96 Do 4s, coupon HPS/ 8
Missouri funding... V S 4s reg of 1907.109 A
MX T 2ds- 68*/. Do -is. coupon . ... 1 103/ i
Do4s 31 Do 2s 95
Mobile A Ohio 45.. 66 Do ss, reg 118%
Mutual Union 65. .110 Do 6s. coupon 113%
N J Cent Gen 55.. .118 Vi funding deot... bl" /4
N V C A St Louis 4s 10 i Do registered
Nor A West. Gen 6sl 18 Do deferred 65... 5
N Carolina con 100 Do trust rcpt sipd 7
Do6s 120 Wabash Ist 5s 106V4
NorthwestConsolß.l3P3/s West Shore 4s 107
Do deb ..1(19% ' .-,:.':
FOKJEIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT 15 LIVXBPOOt. .
' LIVERPOOL Kkb., Dec. 23.— The spot market
Is quiet at 7s %d@7s l i/ a d. Cargoes steady at 35s
6d, sellers, prompt shipment.
KUTURES.
The rrodnce Exchange cable gives the following;
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Bed Winter:
December,. ; January, 6s 8J; February, 6s
B%d; March, 9d.
BECUBITIEB.
LONDON, Eng.. Dec. 22.— Consols. 11l 1-16;
sliver, 29"/ 8 d: French Rentes, 102f 32% c.
EXCUAKGK AND BULLION.'
Sterling Exchange, 60 days. — f4 84%
sterling Exchange, sight — ■"• 488
Sterling Cables ...... — 4 88%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic... — 15
Fine silver, %i ounce ..._. _ 66J/i
ilexican Dollars .... 62 *>^%
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AN» OTBEK GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Spot freights continue
neplerted and nominal at 17s 6d. The chartered
Wheat rjeet in port has a registered tonnage of
52,000, aeain.t 87,400 tons on the same date last
year; diseugagta, 87 450 tons, against 10,840; on
the way IS Uns port, 191,338 tons, against 266,200.
WHE AT- loth shipping and mining are dull at
unchanged prices. Dealings in tutnres are also
much smaller than for several months. Quoted at
91 35(0,1 45 ctl ior common grades, a-i 47%@
150 V ctl for average No. 1, ?1 52% for choice
and $1 s&@l 60 9 c:l for extra choice fcr milling.
. CALL BOABD SALES. ,
•■•- Informal Session-— 9:16 o'clock— May -10,000
ctls. $1 54%; 10,000, 54; 2000,51537/ : 8,000
*1 531/4. .
Second Session— May— 6ooo ctls, '$1 68%;
10,000, $1 63%.
Rkoulab Jiiibmnq BEssiox— May— 2B,ooo ctls,
$1 54: 4000, 641/4 : 6000. $1 54%.
AFTERNOON SESSION — May — 22,000 ctls,
$1 648/ : bOOO. $1 54%: 20,000, $1 64%.
■ BARLEY— Business is quiet, bat the market Is
steaay. We quote Feed, 77V B @Ksc; choice bright,
86Vi@87%c: Brewing, 92%@97%c; No, 1 Cheva
lier, »1 io@l 20 %4 OIL ; .
. CALL BOARD BALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock-No sales.
Second Session— sales. ' . '
i Regular Morning Kkssion— May— 2ooo ctls.
93c. ..,•■• . :..-., •,- • :•:: " • --,•■ " ;
AFTKBNOON SESSION— May — 2000 Ctls. 92% C. .
OATS— Trade continues dull.. Fancy Feed bring
as high as 91 45 9 ctl. Common to good Wheat
ran;n from SI 10 to $1 35 ft ctl. according to
quality, Black. lot leed, 85c@fl 10; {or seed, $1 'M s
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
®1 30; Gray, nominal; Red, $1 05@l 12%: Sur
prise, $1 60@l 60. . . .
CORN— Receipts are too large lor the slack de
mxud and | Larije ■ Yel.ow -is lower. ' The other de
mriptions are unchanaed. .Large Yellow. 77%@80c
ft ell: Small Round do, $1: White. &6@87%C
RYE— Weak, neglected and lower at, 92%@95c
oil. - \
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 16@1 40 ii ctl. :
' FLOUK 4.ND iiILLSTUFFS.
Flour rules dull.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $6®5 10: bakers' extras, f 4 90@5: super
fine. 54 lft@4 50 t> bbl. ■■'■■■
CORNMtAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $18@19 H ton;
• Cracked Corn, *19520 9 on.
MIILSTUFFS— Prices "In sacks are. as follows,
usual discount to the rade: f.rnham Flour, $2 85
%• 100 lbs: Kye Flour, $3 75 1* 100 lbs; Rica F,our. i
$5 75: coriim»al, $-35: extr\ cream do, $3;
Oatmeal, $3 50; Oat Cir >ats, $4: Hominy, S3 10 |
@S 80; Buckwheat Flour, $3 i!s@3 60: Cracked
Wheat. 93 jU; farina, $4: Whole Wheat Flour.
$3; Rolled Oats (bDls), $6@6 10: Pearl Barley,
$3 75@4; Spilt Peas, *3 50; Green do, $4 125 &
100 tt>». ■■■--: ',--'-■--•
HAY AM> HEEDSTUFFS.
Receipts of Hay are about as usual at this time
of the year. Bran and Middlings are steady and
unchanged.
BKAN-slS@l3 50 for the best and $12@12 50
j ft ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— SIB@I9 for lower grades and
$20(g<21 %* ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Roiled Barley. $19 50020;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $26 50 ft ton; jobbing,
$^7 50; clipped Oats. 41 M) f* «■!.
HAY— Wheat. $B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat, @*7
10; Oat. ?ti<a;9: Barley. $7@B 60: River Barley.
»5®6 50; Alia.fa. $6@7 50: compressed, $t>(js
9 60; stock. $.Va>«; Clover, *ti@3 V too.
bTKAW— 3S@SOc <£ bale, J
VbEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no movement in either Eeans or Seeds.
BEANS- Bayos, 9140@156: Small Whites.9l 16
@1 SO V ctl; Large Whites, 91 10@l 25 1* ctl;
Pinks, $1 05@l 20: Reds, $1 20@l 30; Blackeye,
tl -OfcCl 20; Red Kidney, $2 25: Llmas, 91 75®
1 90; Butters. $1 25@1 50: Pea. $1 1&@1 25.
SEKDS— Brown Mustard, $2 75@3: Yellow Mus
tard. 92 10@2 25 "# ctl: Flax, $1 35@1 40: Canary
Seed. 2%@2». 4 c %« Ib; Alfalia. 4@6%c; Rape,
2V 2 c; Hemp, 3%c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, 91@1 15 V ctl; Green,
$1 40®l 60 li ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
The Vegetable market 19 well supplied and dull.
Potatoes and Onions are steady.
POTATOES?— Sweet Potatoes, $I@l 36: Early
Rose. 70@80c: ; River Reds, 40@65c; Burbank
Seedlings, 2S(£4oc '? ctl for Rivers and 60c®91 for
haltnW ■ ■ 7; ,■.•:'■ : ;
ONIONS— 4O@SSc '$ ctl.
VEGETABLES— Los Angeles Summer Squash,
6c %* Ib; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 4® sc
%i Ib: Los Angeles Egg Plant, &>; Mush
rooms, s@lsc, latter figure for buttons: Marrow
fat Squash. 9b@7 %• ton; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
6Uc@*l ¥-bby:O y : Dried Peppers, 7@Bc Ib; Green
Peas, S@4c t* Ib: Los Angeles String Beans,
3@7c: Dried Okra. B©9c ¥ tb; Cabbage, 40@50c "$
CUi Carrots, 30©40 c 0 sack: Garlic, l%(s2c %1 Ib.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
1 BUTTER— Supples are ample and the market is
Mar.
Cbeameby— Fancy, 22@23c ¥ &>; seconds. 21c.
Daisy— Fancy. 20c: good to choice, 17%©19 c:
lower crades. 1501 6 %c ¥ Ib.
Pickled— 15@17c *$ Ib.
Firkin— ls@l6c f) lb.
CREAMI-BY '1 üb— l7aißc ft Ib.
CHEESE— Is very scarce and firm, though no
hU her. Choice mild new. 12c 1* Ib: common to
good old, 8@10c: ream Cheddar, ll@12c: Young
America, jl%@l'J%c: Western, 11%(&12%c;
Eastern, 12%Q>13%c %) Ib.
EGGS— The demand and sunply about balance
at the moment and prices show do change.
Easern, 24@25c "# dozen for fancy and 21@22c for
cold-storage; ranch Eggs, 26@27c for small and
medium and 27%@30c lor fancy; store Eggs, 22(3,
25c; Duck Eggs, -00.
POl'LlKl AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern Dressed Turkeys
is selling at 13c. Domestic Turkeys are selling
fairly; about 75 tons came In. Other Poultry is
plentiful and unchanged.
Live Turkeys, 33@14c %i Ib for Gobblers. 13@14c
f> Ib for Hens: Dressed Turkeys, 13@16c ?'. Ib;
Geese, V Dair, 91 Sues'-; Ducks, $5@6 %> dozen;
Ileus. 8-1 51@4 50; Boosters, young, $3 60@4 50:
00, old. $3 50(0>4 60; Fryers, $.i 2f>(ai3 SO: Broilers,
S3@3 25 ior large and $-(*:; 60 for small: Pigeons.
$1 -'S(S» 1 60 H> dozen for young and 75{g8.5c for old.
GAME — The market was rather lower. Qu>U
are quotable at $I@l 12% '0 doz: Mallard, 84®
5 9 dozen; Canvasback, Ss@9; Sprig, 92 26@:->;
Teal, $1 50 -$ dozen: Widgeon, 91 50@ uoz;
bmali Duck, $1 25 f« dozen; English Snipe, $1 50:
Jack Snipe. $1; Hare, $1; Babbits, $1 25@i 50
for Cottontails and $1 for small: dray Ueese,
$2 bO@3: WhUe'Ueese, $I@l 25: Brant, $1 60®
1 75; Honkers, 93 50@4 50 '«) dozen.
DECIDUOUS AND CITKUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
Grapes, though scarce, are fall. Apples are in
good supply and quiet. Persimmons are selling
rather better. Cranberries are plentiful and weak.
Apples, 76@9Uc $ box for choice. £I@l 25 for
fancy Red, 36<£65c for common; Lady Apples,
92 50; Eastern, $1 50@3 V- bbl.
Pears, 76c@$l 25 %t box.
Persimmons, 35<&75c %t box.
BEKRIES—
Cranberr.es from Capp Cod, $7 50@8^ bbl; from
Coos Bay. $2 2 5® 2 50 i? box.
GRAPH!-— 7sc@9l in crates.
CITRUS FRUlTs— There Is no further change.
Oranges are In heavy supply. Mandarin Oranges. $1
@126: Navel orange*. *2@2 60: Seedlings, $1®
i 50: (irape Fruit. *5@6: 1 emons,sl@l 60 for com
mon and 92(&2 60 box for good to choice: Mexi
can Limes. *4C»4 50; California Limes. 60@75c:
Bananas, *!(&,■- ft buncti- Pineapples. $2i34 '# doz.
DEIED FKCITB, BAISIX9, NUTS, ETC.
PRIED FRUITS—
The markrt contmnes motionless.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange ara as fol
lows:
Cab load Lots— Apricots are quotable at 6@90
for Royals and ll%@)12o for choice to fancy
Moorparks; Prunes, !IV«c for the 4 sizes; Peaches.
4(«sVj>c for prime to choice, 6%@7c for fancy and
iOe for peeled in boxes; Apples, 5340 V &> for
evaporated and 2@2%c for sun-dried; Pears, 2%
id.be for prime to choice, 4@5%c for quarters and
6@6%c for halves; Plums, 4c for pitted and l%c
for unpitted; Nectarines, 3%@4%c for choice and
5 %c tor fancy; bite Figs, tic; Blast Figs, 2%
®2%c
Jobbing Pbicwi— Peaches, 4%@5%e ft Ib;
fancy, 6%@7%c Ib; peeled, 12% c if, Ib: Apri
cots, 6V"@9i- 3 Ib: fancy, 10c; Moorparks, ]2@
13c; evaporated Apples, -''Ac: sun-dried, 2%@3c;
Prunes, 3 3 /4@4c for the 4 sizes: Figs, black, '6c for
un pressed and 3@3%c for pressed; white Figs,
4c; Plums, 4%@5c for pitted and l%c or un
pitted; Nectarines, 4@6c f* Ib for prime to fancy;
Pear?, 2V 2 (a60 for whole. 4%(&5%c tor quarter.)
and 4%@6%c lor halves.
RAIsINS-
Carload Pricks— Four-crown loose, SS/ c: three
crown, 43/»c V rb: two-crown, 3S/J,c 'M tb: seed
less Sultanas, 6%c; seedless Muscatels, 43,. C ; 3
crown London layers, $1 16; clusters, $1 50;
Dehesa clutters. $2 50; Imperial dusters, $3:
dried Grapes, 3c ? Ib.
Jobbins I'bicks— San Fbancibco— Fonr-crown,
louse, 634 c: 3-crown, 4%c: 2-crown, 334 c; seedless
Sultanas. 53^c; seedless Muscatels, *%c; 8-crown
London lasers, $1 25: clusters, $1 60; Dehetut
clusters, $2 75; Imperial clusters, $3 25.
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at H@loc: Walnuts.
2 @7c ?> Ib lor siaoOarrt and 9@9 %c V Ib
for softsh.-il; Almonds, 6@6%c for -Langnedoc,
S@3%c for hardshell and B<fii9c tor paper-shell,
jobbing; Peanuts, 4@6c for Eastern . and 4c for
California; Hickory Nuts, 6(a.6c Ik Ib: Pecans,
7y 2 @Bc V Ib; Filberts, 7Vs@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc: Cocoanuts, 4@scs 100.
HoNEY— Comb, lu@l2%c for bright and 6@9c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 5@5%c:
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; oark amber, 4@
4V-c: dark, 2<a3c » Ib.
B"KKs>\VAX— 23@J6c * lb.
PROVISIONS.
Alt descriptions are quiet.
.; CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c 1» Ib for heavy, 7c
9 Ib for light medium. 9%0 for light. 10c ft Ib for
extra light and ' ll%c %* Ib for sugar-cured. East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c: California
Hima, lie Ib; Mess , Beef. C7(~s7 60: extra
mess do. $B@K 60; family do, $9 50@l0; extra
prime Pone, $7 60@8: extra Clear, $16 H bDI;
mess, $14 $ bbl : Smoked Beet 10c Ib.
LA RD— Eastern, tierces. Is quoted at 5%c for
compound and 6@6%c for pure; pails, 7c: Cali
fornia tierces, 5@)5%c li Ib for compound end 6*4 c
for' pure: half-bbls, b%c; 10- tb tins, 7 Vic: do 5-ib,
7%c lb. --■■-» •
COTTOLKNE— 6@6V*c In tierces and 7»/irobi/ 8 c
in 10-Jb tins. -
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOTS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Continue dull and weak.
Heavy sailed steers, 8c 9 Ib; culls and brands, 7c;
medium, 7c; culls and brands, 6c; light, 6c; culls
aud brands. sc; Cowhides, ' 6@6%c:V culls ana
brands, 6(0,5^« c ; salted Kip, 6<2D7c; salted Calf.
7@Bc; salted veal, «@7c; dry Hides. 12@13c 9 Ib:
culls and brands, 9@iUc:dry Kin and Veal. 9@loc:
culls. 7@Bc: ary Calf, 15c; culls. 10c: Goatskins,
2L(g)3sc each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer,
•Jl>(a2sc fi Ib; medium, .' 16©20 c; winter. 7(ai9c:
HLeepskins, shearlings,- 10® 16c each: short wool,
25@.35c each; medium, 80(&45ceacb; long wools,
4L^6oc each. •■ •
1 ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3@3V4C; No. 2, 2%c
; 9 tb: refined, sc; Orease. 2c lb. * ■ : V
WOOL— market is of a holiday character,
being ' neglected. Wi quote Fall Wool: Hum
i boldi and Mendocino. 809 c; free northern, 7%@
1 B%c; middle counties, tree, 6%@7c; do. defective/
4Va@6c; ban Joaquio, 3®sc; do. foothill, 6@7c;
I- astern < regon spring, 7%@9c; Volley Oregon,
11%(g>12%c; do, fall and lambs', ll@ll%c.
I HOPS— B@Bc for fair to choice and 9&10 c ¥ Ib
for fancy. There is no business. ,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain . Bags, spot, 4840; June-
Juy delivery, 4%c; Wool Bags, 2«Va |r L 26%c.
. COAL -Wellington, $8 9 ton; New Wellington.
$8 $ ton; southfleld Welllnzton, 97 50 9 ton:
beanie, 95 60@6; Bryant, 635 50: Coos Bay, 95:
Wallsend. $6: Scotch, ; Brynioo, : Cum
berland, 913* ton in bulk and 914 in slcs: Pennsyl
vania Anthracite Egg,' $11@12 'f, ton; Welsh An
thracite, S8@10: Cannel, 98@8 50; Rock Springs.
Castle Gate anc . Pleasant Valley, 97 60: Coke,
911^12 1n bulk and 918 V toninaks. - . , .-, .
■ CANNED FRUITS — Cherries, black or red,
2%-Ib, extra. 92 m doz: White Cherries— 2 %-lb
extra, $3 60; 2%-lti standards, ?a 10; Peaches— ,
Yellow, free, $1 lo@l 50; Apricots— 9oc@sl 05:
Raspberries, $1 75: strawberries, $1 7&. ;
CANXhJ' ■ VKGETABLKS — Tomatoes, 70c •p
dozen, 2y 2 -&> tins. Peas— sl'cU 25 14 dozen.
COFttE- .. -••■;, f. ■ >
Costa Rica— l73.ira.l9V 2 c norn for good to
prime; 17<§>17%c norn for good mixed with black
b.ans; 15V2&16V20 for fair; 12®14%c for com
mon to ordinary. :^B^aiftsßßßMH
Salvador— %4 tt> nom. for good to prime
wished; 17Vi@17S/4c nom. forfair wa-ihad : 19@20c
for good . to prime washed peaberry ; 1v%@.7%c
for superior in washed: ' lie for good unwashed;
17%@1fy 2 c forgoodtoprlmeunwßsned peaberry.
GUATEMALA AND Mexican- 1/2 C1 /2 C nOm.
for prime to strictly 1 rime washed new crop; 19
@20c for good to strictly good « ashed new crop;
18%®lt»c ior cobd. washed, old- crop 16@18V<C
for fair washed old' crop: 14@15%c for medium
old crop: 11%©1314 c for ordinary o d croi>; 8%
@llc | tor inferior to common » <i : <rop; 19%@20c
tor good to prime washed peaberry old crop: 17 S A
@1 8 Vie for goott to prime unwashed peaberry old
ClOp. ■.■.'..;•..■■.- • ■ • ; ',
FISH— Pacific cod. catch of 1896. 100-lb cases
4%c Ib: 5(1- Ib bundles. S%c: Bonelesi. sc: Mid
dles, 6%c: Blocks, sc: Desiccated, $1 70: Pacific
Herring, 15<; $ box; Dutch do, 9Jc(o>3l 10 "$ keg:
\Vhitetish, $1 50 in balf-bbls .mrt $1 75 in kits;
Tongues and bounds, $12- Mackerel, bbl— No 1,
f'2o: No. 2, $18 60: No. 3, $17: half-bbls— 1,
$9@9 5 ); So. 2, $8 60®9: No. 3, $8 50; kits— No.
1. $! 50: No. 2, *1 25: No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER— for " export at $34®
36 50 V flask.
OlL— Calitornta Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 96c:
bhia, 90c ~ti gal . (manufacturers' . rates): Linseed
Oil. in bbls, boiled. 40c: oa raw, 38c; cases. 5c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter strained, bbls. 65c:
No. 1, 45c: cuses, 5c higher; China Nut, 45@52c
¥ irallon. .
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water-white
Coal Oil, in bulk, ll%c; I earl Oil. in cases, 17c
1> Eal: Astral. 10, 17c f* gi.l; Star, do, 17 •• %4 gal;
Extra Star OH, in cases, 21c: Elaine, do, 22c;
Eoc> ne, do, 19c; Deodorized Stov Gasoline, in
bulk, 12% c: do, in cases, 18% c; 63° Deodorized
Naphtha, In bulk, 12c: 63° do, in cases, 17%c;«6°
Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; 86° do. in cases, 26c $* gal.
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 5141*3 V a c * Ib. .
Kill LEAD-Qaotabe at 6«4@5"y a c t* lb.
TURPENTINE— In ca^es. 41c; ln iron barrels,
39c: in wooden Darrels. 41c 'd tb.
CANDLES— Electric Light— 6's, 16 oz, 7c; do, 14
oz, 6V c: do, la oz. 6c; do (hotel), 6s, 10 oz, bVic:
do (hotel). 12s, 12 oz, 40s, 6 Vie. Granite (minlu )
Candles— 6's, IB oz, B%c; no, 14 oz, 7»4c: do, 12
oz, 7c: do, 10 oz, ei/4C v Ib: P«ralliiie Wax Can
dle*—ls. is. 4s, 6s, las. white, S^ic: colored, 9V*c
LEATHER— Harness, heavy, Is quotable at
80@35c ■© Ib; do medium, 28c: do lh-lit. 24@'J6c:
Roiuh Leather, 19@21c: Kips, $40@45 %'. rtoz; Calf,
70®90c; Rough Splits, B@9c; Belt-knife Splits. 12
@14c: Collar Leather, black, liy a @l3c * toot: do,
russet, 11%@13c: Skirting Leathrr.32%@3sc * Ib.
SUGAU— The Western Sugar Keflninc Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, Be;
Powdered, 5 %c: Fine Crushed, 6c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c: Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia a,
41 2 c; Extra C, 4S/ c; ciolden C, 4 *'■; halt' barrels
Vie mure than barrels, and boxes %c more.
SAM FRANCISCO MfcAl' MARKET.
Beef, Mutton, Lamb »nd Veal are all higher and
in light supply, and dealers expect a further ad
vance. Hogs remain unchanged. : Wholesale rat-s
for dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, «;§>6%c:* second do, 8@
6 Vac: third do, «@4%c V lb.
VEAL— Large, S@7c; small. 7@Bo * to.
MUTTON— Wethers, «%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c
r a>. -
LAMB— "$ Ib.
PORK— Live Hoes, 3V B @3i4c V Ib for large and
medium and 3%©SV^c for small; dressed do, 4%
(g,6 V* c f - „':>:.'.=
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. 9@loc each for No. 1 and 6 Va@So for No.
2; Redwood. 45 f^cord; Oak, rough, $6 60; peeled,
S9: Piue, $5 75.
TAXBARK-sl4 per cord.
LUMBER— Rates are nominal, every dealer
having his own price.
KtX'JSIPTS OF i'BODDCB
TOB 24 HOUBS.
nonr. nr Kir. 3,880| Butter. ctls...._ 68
Washington... 4,700| Cheese, cus..,,^
M11.«;.c.-> .. 37U Eggi dO7! 1,560
W ashiug'.on... 2,485 Hides, no „ 613
Farley, cus 655 Pelts, bdls 280
Oats.ctis ) 95 j Wine, gals 8&,t60
Eastern 935 Brandy, gals 2,500
Washington... 4,760' Wool, bu 24
Corn, ctls 25l Sugar, bbls 2,6)5
Eastern 600 ', Lime, bbls 480
Beans. Hks „ 126 'Leather, rolls 26
Potatoes, slcs.... 3,70ai Hops, bis 93
Onions, sits 370 ! Qi!leksllver,tts<« 45
Bran, sks 1,860 ■ Alfalfa Seed, slcs 15
Middlings, slcs... 210| rtaisius, ooxei.. 1,600
Hay. tons 308 1
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Albert F. Knorp to Mary Louise Knorp, lot on 8
line of Ellis street, 276 W of Franklin, W 49 by 8
120; gift.
Thomas *. and Mcrcia M. Hayes to John Hayes,
lot on SW corner of Huchanan and Fulton streets,
W 37:6, N 6U, W 25, N 27:6, E 6-:6. 8 87:6: gift.
John Hayes to Catherine Hayes (life estate)
Thomas F. and Timothy Hayes (undivided third
eai h). Tessie Reuben and Mary lilch (undivided
sixth eacb), same, with certain reservations: gift.
Ray and Jacob Wertlieimer to Nancy G. Davis,
lot on NE corner of Clay and Baker streets, E 31 :3
by N 105; $56^5.
Pacific Bunk to Nancy M. Bradbury, lot on E
line of Cook street, 539:10 N of Point i^obos ave
nue. N 25 by E 120; $3«0.
Paul and Minna Bluer to Albert ssturzlncer, lot
on E line of Hirst avpnne. 176:1.37 NE of Fulton
street, NE2S:I, B 94:10 8, S '.'S, W 97:5.44: $500.
h'ophla Jolmstone to .Susie B. Adams, lot on W
line of C ayton street, 110 X of t rederick, N 25
by W 125; gift.
Susl B. Adams to Katie K. Rkser, same; $10.
C. B. Adams to same, same: $5.
Pacific Improvement company to Evan L.
Reese. :ot on SW corner of Valencia and Fifteenth
streets, S 40 by W 137:6; $10.
A. Jonas to J. <;. James, lot on E line of Guer
rero street. 172:6 N of Nineteenth. N 25 by E 106;
grant.
Charles S. Holmes to Port Blakely Mill Com
pany, lot on W line of Belcher street, 160 N of
Fourteenth, N 50 by W 126; $5.
Edwurd McSweeuey to Peter J. McSweeney, lot
on W line of C«pp s.reet, 160 N of Twenty-third,
N 20 by W r.'2:t,; gift.
John E., Waller H., James C. and Ruth V.
Adam and Elizabeth (.. Jxi-kson to Adams Com
pany (a corporation), undivided five-sevenths of
all following: lot on NE corner of Kcarny and
Sitters reets. N 59:6. E 40. N 6 inches, E 30, S
60, VV 70: lot 011 NW line of Mission Sireet, 75
Nifi of Sixth, .NE 60 by N W 160; lot on E line of
Valencia street, 80 N of Ridley, N 25 by E 100;
lot on E line of Fifth street, 137:6 NW of Bryant,
NW 137:6 oy NE 275; also, property in Oakland;
valuable considi ration.
J hn E. Adams to tame, all Interest In above
proi erty conveyed to me by defd from Thomas b.
Adams, 1619, d 49; valuable consideration.
James C. Adams to same, all interest in above
property conveyed to me by deed from Frederick
a. Adams, 1707 d 217; valuable consideration.
Albert Knorp to Mary Louise Knorp, undi
vided half of lot on X line of Larkln street, 6^:6
N of Ellis, N 25 by E 68:9; gift.
Andrew J. Reavey to Clara Keavey, lot on SE
line of Freelon street, 225 N X of Fourth, NE 25
by SK 80; gilt.
Felix >.. Gunn to John H. and Margretha Kusel,
lot on S corner of Fifth and Shipley streets, SE 25
by SW 76; $10.
ALAMEBA COUNTY.
Peter anil Clara Harder to Abble Martin, lot on
N line of Ftince street, 500 E of < alals, N 135, S
68:5. SE 135:-. :; 4 , W 58:1% to beginning, block
I, Harmou irnct, Berkeley: $10.
Mananna Boh to Mary <.;<-ts«berger, lot on W
line of Sixth str»et, 100 N cf Jonea, N 52:6 by W
130, being lots 16 and 17, block 46, Tract B, Berke
ley Land and Town Improvement Associat.on,
Berke ey ; $5.
Timothy I aige, H. B. and Laura A. Pinneyto
Anna Vosseler; lot 13, block B, Melrose Station
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
tame to Christina Vosseler. lot 11, block B,
same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Wi li6.ni M. :in<J Annie k.. F. Stewart to George
H. Masuck. undivided half interest in blocks 37,
38. 45 and 46, map of Alameda, surveyed and
drawn by J. T. Sirmton in 1853, excepting lots 4
ana 5. In blccx 46, on said map, Alameda; f 10.
K.wiird J llampel to Fredeiick C. Hampe!, lots
3 and 4, block 1, San Antonio: also ihe NE 100
feet cf io:s 19 and 24, block b», Clinton, East Oak
land: tyrant.
Fred rick C. Hampel to Eoward J. Hampe),
lots 13 to 16. block 19, Sau Aiitonio. East Oak
land; grant.
Amador Marble Company to Oakland Consoli
dated Street Kaiiway Compaiy, lot on SE line of
Howe street, NX 675 05 distant from N line of
Mather, thence along «;•; line of Howe NE 51.10,
ihence leaving Howe NE 123 15 to line dividing
lands of Amartor Marble Company from St. Mary's
Cemetery, ihence UK 24.^8, sW 179.56 to be
ginning, being portion of truct marked ••reserved"
upon Howe Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
8. C. and Isabel O. Blgelow to P. W. Rlordan,
lot 1, block Q. map of Thermal Hill, formerly
Howe Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
G. F., Madge K. and H. N. Gray 10 Frederick H,
Oabb, lot 11, map of the Potter Tract, Berkeley;
$10.
James R. Sloan to Brssle I. Sloan, lot on 8 line
of Eagle avenue, 51:6 W of Willow street, W S2
by S 100, being portion of lot 10, block 12, lancU
adjacent to Enclnal, Alamedu; girt.
B. Ke:spy to Margaret Kauuc, lots 4, 6 and 6,
block 2, Beuudry and Pelaaaau Truct, quilclulm
deed, Oakland Township; $10.
Mountain View cemetery Association to Caro
line s. de «. Marina, lot 15 in plat 27. Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland Township; $253.
Same to H. A. Smith, lot 22 in plat 33, same,
Oakland ' ownshlp; $86.
Marie Werner and Gertrude M. Hoyt to Joseph
M. Castet, lot on W line of Grove street as now ex
tet ded, 68:8 V* 8 of \\ oolsey, W BM.BB, S 25, B 77,
N 26 to beginning, being lot 6, except tiiat portion
deeded to th« towu of BiTielev, Berkeley; $.:50.
Nathan Mansfield to Nathan T. Mansfield, lot
on N line ot Carlton street, 1.02.42 X ot bhattuck
avenue, X 136 by E 50. being lot 20, bloc* 14J6,
Berkeley propeity maps 1 and 2. Berkeley; $10.
Joseph A. and Annie E. Leonard to Joseph A.
Leonard Company, lot on E line of Cedar street,
280 S of f;inton avenue. > 120 by E 130, beiuglots
16, 18 ana 20, block B, Bellevue Tract, Alameda;
$10.
Ella E. Pmith to Raflno F. de Nobria, lot on W
line of Orchara avenue, 1363.2 8 of Davis street,
8 75 by W 104.2, being lot «6 and N half o, ;ot 67,
map ot Mnl h's subdivision of Ban Leandro, Eden
Township: grant.
Mary L. a mare! to same, lot on W line of
Orch >rd avenue, 1428-2 S of Davis street, S 75 by
w 104.2, lot 68 and B half of lot 67, same, Eden
Towushlp: grant.
J. ana H. tileuan (by P. 8. Wilcox and T. B.
Bigelow trustees) to Philip Rogers, all interest in
lot on W line ot West street. 4'>:2 N of Lydia, N
40:2 by \V 100. block G, Curtis A Williams Tract,
( akland; $875.
Henry H. Callaghan to Imcy Mooney, undivided
interest in lots 1 to 4, block 92, O.kland; 410.
EJwanl and Mary A. Hackett, Mack and Nettie
Webber to O. C. Miller, lot on NE cornerof Mad
ison and Twel:tu streets, E 150 by N 100, block
I 1 68, Oakland; also block 110 bounded by Eighth,
Ninth, Market ■ and West streets, Oakland; also
fractional block 26, bounded by E Twelltn and E
Eleventh . streets. ■ h lrst • avenue and the ■ creek,
K»st OaKland : also lot on t corner of I Fifth and
Adeline streets, X 254. N 101 :2. SWto a point 101:8
N froniNW Fifth street, theme S 101:3 to begin
nine. ' akland: also lot on N line of W Fifth streec,
314 E of Adeline, B 164 by N 102, Oakland; a.so
lot on sW.lue of Fifth street, 35 E of Adeline, E 32
by 97. Oakland, $10. . r ,
•- M. F. and Leander Griffin to Eunice Hendricks,
lot on SW corner of Fourteenth and Peralta
streets, S 40 by W 100, Mock 726 a, Oakland, sub
ject to a mortgage for $4000; f 10.
frame 10 ■■ eonurd Cox, lot on 8 line of Four
teenth s.reet, 100 W of Peralta, S 126:6 by W 50.
Oakland: $10. - \ ......
Lucy Mooney to Ella Fowler, lot on W line of
Ellis street, 225:9 S of Mason, s 75:3 by W 120,
being lot 85, block 8, lands of the Kegent-jtreet
Homestead Association, Berkeley, quitclaim deed;
*10. - . ■ ■ i ■. :■ . ,
Arthur M. Carrier to Kllza J. Hall, lot on N line
of Chicago avenuf, 52 W of Prospect, N 109 by W
78, i-elnt lots 10, 11 aud 12, i lock F, Revised
Map of Prospect Hill Tract, Brooklyn 1 ownsUip;
$10. ' '" ' . ■: '.'■■-■-■. :■,
T. W., Minnie v and A. A. Smith to H.Le
Baron smith, lot on S lint, of Central avenue, 100
Eof Caroline street, E 30 by S 125, bloc* 159,
Enclnal Par* tract, Alumeda: 810.
Kmil Greenebnum to Maria A. M. ,dl Peralta,
lot 6. block 89, Northern Addition to town oi
Li vermore, Murray Township; $10.
THE STOCK MARKET
The mining stock market remains dull, though
prices were rather stronger yesterday.
The German Savings aud Loan Society has de
clared a dividend of 4 26 per cent per annum on
term deposits and 3.55 per cent on ordinary de
posits, payable on January 2.
The Hope mine of Montana paid a dividend of
$10,000 on the Ist, making 9(0,000 this year and
$612,252 since the beginning.
The Last i nance mine of British Columbia paid
its first dividend of $-.'O,OOO on November 20.
The Fortuna Mining and Milling Compauy has
declared a dividend of 10 cents per share, payable
December 26.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company has re
elected the old directors, with Albert Miller as
president. J. M. Livingston secretary and C. O. U.
Miller treasurer. During the past year regular
monthly dividends of 50 cents per share were paid
without omission.
The Kennedy Mining and Milllne Company of
Amador County has rt-elected the old manage
m -nt. with John uarton as president and L. F.
Keichling as secretary.
At the recent annual meetlnsr of the stockhold
ers of the Kentuck Con. Mining Company R. E.
Kelly was ciec:ed president, Aug Waterman sec
retary and J. 11. Kinkead superintendent.
It is reported that tbe large stockholders of the
powder companies prefer a fixed schedule of
prices by all the companies rather than consolida
tion into one corporation.
Amieituienu I'endln*.
Following Is a list of assessments now pending:
Company.
IDellnqt
No. Ami. In the Hale Day.
. . Board. .
Silver King
Kxcheqaer
)cridenial
Jverman
Uale & -Norcoss
.on. Cal. «fe Va
Jrown Point
Jould & Curry.......
Mta
15
89
25
76
110
7
69
80 ■
64
25 .Novj« .Jaa
05 .Dec lb .Jaa
15. Dec 25 .Jan
10 .Dec 29 .Jan
26!. Jan 8 .Feb
.Jan B. Feb
10. Jan B. Feb
15 .Jan 14 .Feb
051.J»n 11.. Feb
5
11
18
k9
1
4
3
9
8
i:(Mi.D <<AL.Ka.
>oli«>win« were the sale* In the San Francisco
Ptoct Board yesterday 1
bkoulab iiohnins siWRioTC. '•nwiwcrfu 0:30.
100' Belcher ...B6 400 Choir. 90 100 P0t05!.....61
100 Biß 61 1000 U&C....28 100 ......62
200 8u11i0n.. ..09 150 Mono 20 10U XJ«J*«t..2B
200 Cb»1Ue...31 '
AFTKRNOOIf BKBSIOX— I3O.
800 Alpha 09 100 C Point-. .10 300 Savage 30
600 Andes ..-16 100 OccldtL... o7 -!UJ L niou 39
1000 Bullion.. oß 60 Ophir 92 500 Utah .....07
000 Chllar 86 100 Savace...3l 160 » J««JCt .3I
200 CC&V...1.06
Following were ">* MaM ln the Pacific stock
1 lard yesterday:
200 Alt>ha..~.Oß 450 Ch011ar.. .93 260 ODhlr 93
100 Alta. 03 300 8h IOU Potost 61
200 Andes.. 13 800 ....... .....87 400 62
700 Belcher.. ."As 600 85 300 60
400 ...........36 200 ............84 100 69
400 8A8......61 200 Conn.. ..7f> aOO ...68
SO.) Bulllou....0&i600 C Point... 19 30 (savage... Hl
500 ......... 081400 GAC 28500 ScorDlon..o2
•100 Caleda. ..11 750 KAN. 1.17% 200 SB AM.,. 10
300 Challge.. .SO 100 Justice. ...C'6 .5 ) HNev 43
400 32 600 Mexican «4i'3oU Uni0n. ...40
200 ....- 33 400 occidt... ..09 201) Utah. .....08
250 CCV. 1.07% 200 0vrmn....06 YJiW*nt..2B
650 1.06200... ...06 1
A*IEB!fOO3r SKBBION-— 2t?o.'
l"0 A7rb»,....09 200 Choir .....85 200 Mex. 42
300 Andes.... 1« 100 ........... 87 300 Occd 09
200 Belcher... Sß 150 CC*V.. .1.116 15J Ophlr 92
400 40 100 C0nf1....;. 81 2UU 0vrmn....06
200 4H HOO CrwnPt..2O 40J Potoii 59
250 BAB 60 100 .......19 30 Havaare....3l
200 801110n....08 200 ...... .....22 400 58AM....10
300 Caleda.... 11 200 Excnqr ...06 250 S Not. 44
200 Cha11ge.. . 33 300 UAC . ..~27 MU Union. 40
200..... 32 160 H&N1.17%20U V Jt*i._. 32
400 — 31 100 ...1.10 200 -34
CLOSJNO QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. De & 22—2 P. if.
JUtt.AHtd. : J3(rLAtH«4.
Afrincnn..... 09 It Jackson... 46 -
Alt*. ...... 03 ■ 04 J qi i». ,..„... — (5
Andes. 14 16 lostlceL 04 06
r.elcher. 47 5U Kentoclc 01 02
Best & BeICQOT 49 51 . udy Was X... — 13
licnton C0n.... — 1C Mexican ... 42 43
Bodlß ...„ 60 —Mono 21 —
Bullion 08 OS Nevada Queen — 04
Bulwer. ....... 41 - Occidental. .... 07 08
Caledonia. 10 11 0ph1r... ........ 92 93
Chollar; «5 8b overman. 05 06
C0n.Ca1(&Va,..1.05 l.li i'otosl ........ 68 59
Chailenee Coo. 33 36 ravage. ....... 30 $'£
Con. imperial. — Hi >corploa — — 03
Confidence.... 86 — ->eg. Uelchsr... 09 11
ConNawYorX — US -yudicats. .... . — OS
Crown Point... 22 25 silver Hill — 12
EastSlerraNe? — 14 sierra NevadA, . 42 44
Eureka con... 25 — . nlo.i^ou . 39 40
Exchequer ..-.. — (6 Utah.:....: ' 06 07
uouia curry. 27 28 . cuo* j»cit«*. 32 34
fait Oi.»Norci-«. 1.15 1.20 : . • :;i; •--_■
COLD aijui*:»ii KXCHAXOS.
200 Lockwood Con »7
100 do do 28
200 Savannah ;.;'.'. .v.'.'.;' .'.....- 42
MO do 43
bXOCK. AN'U BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY.' Deo 22 2P. M.
rKIT»» BTATK3 bonus.
JittUAtked. . SUL jltkeA.
US 4s conp. llo — US 4s .103 110%
Do new issuell9. —
MmCBX.LANJCOtT9 BOVM
Cal-stCblesß.Ho — OmniDus 6s..HBS/iU9V»
Cal Elec L 6512."! — PacßollMHs. - —
CnuaCWSs 93V 3 97% Jo 2d is 65... — —
Dpol-stex-cp — 97i/ 4 Pso lty «J. — US
rdsnLAP6sl26%l27% PAChRy «Ss. — lu2
FACHRR6sIOIV*IO6 iPwl-st RR Bsll2 US
Oeary-st HsgiOO - |heno,WLAIj — 105
M1.A55%5.103 — .sactoPAL. - 100
LosAngL6i - 100 SFANPR6*.. — 10HA
Docinteed 6s — 101 SPRRArIz6s 94 —
Mnt-stCble6sl2B — sPRRCaIos. — 113%
DoKyCOD 6i105% - Ml'RK(al6s. - 100
Nat Vln6s Ist - 100 -PBrßCalßs. 97 88%
NevCNgß7s.loo — SV WaterSa.llß% —
N PCRR6s.IOO%IOS iSVWater4s. 99 89%
NRy Cal 6s.IOOVaIOSV»StktnGAE6» - 102
NRy cal 6s. - 95 l-unstTAl 6s. - —
Oak Gas 65.. — 104 |fo.tter-stßss.llO —
Do 3d is 65. .. 106 — {ViikliaWC6s — —
W4TKR STOCK*.
Contra Costa — 36 |San Jose .". — —
MarlnCo..... 49 — |Sprng Valley 97% 98
6AB STOCKS.
Capital. — 85 Pacific Light 48 4SVfc
Central 96 — SanFranc3CO 97% 98
OakGL&H 63% 64 Stockton — 20
Pac I. as Imp 8s Va KU-'t
INSURANCE (STOCK*.
Flreman'sFdl6s — |Sun ;.. — — .
COMMKBCIAL BANK BTOCK*. .
AmerFATC. — — London PA A.138 12H
Anglo-Ca1.... 64 69 I.ondoii&.^F. — —
Bankof Ca1..238V4-J4l MerchEx.... 13 —
CaI»DATCoIO2 108 Nevada — 1-
Flrst Natlonllß4%lß6 . father B Co. — —
• SAVINGS BANK STOCK 3. '...' J ,
GerSALCo.. 1496 1575 ISavAloan.. — 105
lIumbSAL.IIOO — ISt-curlty 250 . —
Mutua1....... — 42%] Union Trust. 77o . —
bFSav Union — 500 ,-. |• ;-
BTBKKr BAILROAD STOCK*.
California. ...107 110 OnkSLAHay — 100
Geary- 5t...... — 50 Presidio 6 —
Market-5i.... 43% 44V4Sutter-5t..... — —
. rtIWDLi STOCK*. :
Atlantic D... — — jGlantCon.... 28 34
Kmtern D.... 74 85 Uudson D — : —
California....; 76 i — 1Vig0r1t....... 76c »6c
.'. MISCELLANEOUS STOCK!
Alaska Pkrs. . 99 100 NatVlnCo.. - 8%
BlkDCoalCo. . — - — • t-eanlcSSCo 30 22%
Cal Cot Mills — — Pac Aux FA— 4
Ed son 1.i2h1124% — PacßoraxCo. 95 —
GasConAssn. — — Pac 801 l Mill — . —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Part PalntCo — . 7
HawCAaCo.. 17 178/4 I'acTrausCa — —
HutchSPCo 248/, 243/ i TAT Co — —
MerExAssn.. — 110 Sunset TAT. — —
M Elec Li*ht 6% 7 United C Co. . — — r
. . BALKS -MOBM^-I o«jU.<. '
: "'.-", ■ Fo»r<l— ■- - :- '•'- "•■'• Ij-~- >
6 Edison Light A Power Co 124 75
25 Giant Powder Con .................. 24 00
■ 25 Market-st Railway ................. l 43 76
10 Pacific Lighting... .;. 48 25 .
; 30 5VWater........ .................... »7 82%
. FALKS-A ITTICB.HOO* ajMUtOK.
. ■ Board— „•' ...-.--.'■ - . .
■36 Giant Powder Con .............. 23 25
.10 8F Gaslight...... »7 73
'*■ '■ treei — ■:■ .",-;'■
25 Mutual Electric Light................ . 7 00
,40 do do. ....- 675
-'.■. ■ ' ' '. ' — • — • ."'.' — -
, The use of iron in architecture is not so
now as people are accustomed to think.
At Delhi is a forged iron column 60 feet
high. Jt is 16 inches in diameter at the
base and 12 inches at the top. Its weight
is ; estimated at about ' seventeen tons.
From records extant it is reasonably cer
tain that it was in existence 900 years B. C.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL. "
T a Flvnn Cal B T Jackson, Stanford
A stnnmNY - - W C Hubbard, Stanford
T WolTsklli. Cal X A Blair. Sacto
J Roche Nile". (. A J Me one/. Calaveras
C svpracker Nllea J J Halley. Calaveras
J F \\. s new W A Morrisey. Stockton
wY*rn th *ac£ ' MI" 1 Morr.«e , Stockn
P a Stanton, Los Ang < O F Cooier, Ukiah
J E Manlove, >acto G Rogers. Stanford
AVV^tuart Southland E Aram. Woodland
A E Green. Los An, A G William., Bacto
W H Craig, Oakland J Rock, C a! r
DL Davis, Oakland C Rule, Duncans Mill
J A Brown. Oakland J H 'J opiey. V •» e J°. ! .
GM Fortune Chicago PS Brandon. Vacaville
G B Williams, NY . John Lodge, Sac o
P R Jackson, Los Gatos W Murray. jiacto
Miss Lucy Gocd, N V A Linning Aw, N V
A F Ncher A w.Stocktn W S Linnlng. - »«inez
J W Davis, Tulare . Miss I B PollarJ, (Jal .
J H Masgard, Ohio J R Mason A w, Oregon
C G iirant, Stockton Mrs Ogden Santa Cruz .
15 Barnar, London Miss L Ogden.Santa ru«
J1) Bradley, Merced . J W searles, Salt Lake
F H Blake, BC C i. Wright. Omaha
N E Stevens, Trinidad J J White, Fresno
R Shaw. Holllsier M de Vries A w.Mtockton
C\V Ealand, Be.mont E L Wilboit. Stockton
T F Broome, Belmont . D N Wiiiiams. Traver
V Sebtill, Palo Alto » F Bacon A w, Cal
G Hook, Columbus G F Woods, Sacto
PALACE HOTEL.
C J Shepherd. N V C A Rolirabacher, P° rt J d
C N Royce, Pittsburg R C Rohmbacher, Portld
C A Royce, Pittsburg RL Guerne, S V
H SiowelL San Mateo H H Hinshaw.Burlngme
MissCliamplin. Rd Bluff D PMumbrlce. Mont
Lieut Relfs, Chelmshavn Lieut Boethke, \Vllhelm-
H Menzel, Uimbu.g haven
C E Brown, S S Belslc J E Story, uelmont
H Voungton, Belmont s J Peakes, Stockton
Mrs J A Burk, Sii Jose G M Colburn, N V
A Thome, Chicago E Thome, Chicago
C Holeombe. Wash Mr McMillan <fc wf. Mo
E M Lane & wf, Washtn C F Best A wf, Wasugtn
C C Perkins, Stanford 8 H Yonge, Council Biff
E kosserman, Colo H E Lew;s. Portland
C S Ja^obson, Portland Mrs F MofHtt, Oakland
Miss B Joff , Oakland
NEW WESTERS HOTEL.
R H Gordon, Chicago J L Payetto, Portland
W H Hu-ihes, Portland J A Bover, Newcastle
H A Mclmyre, Carson E B Flemmlng, 'Cal
H C Crawford & wf, B L Fisher, Alameda
Cooperstown J Zetz, Fresno
j Jackson, East Oakland P sVralty, East Oakland
J Williams, Los -■> ngeies D S Kimerer, Meridian
PE Tl Uain. Meridian X G Brown, Cal
G E Reed, Los Angeles LA Long, Los Angeles
G W Webber, Los Ang L A Jautz, San Joso
E E Hulllvan, Seattle S Wrialit, Portland
J S Barnes, Tacoma 1) Stampa, Seattle
Mis* M Hunter, Spokane J B Wright, SeaUle
Mi« M Woods, Seattle A G Arlett A fm, Seattle
Miss I C Hawley, Wash H Sevenu >iebr
W 11 Lincoln, San Jose J Andrews <fc wf, Seattle
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Migliooacca, Napa J McAulilte, N V
W R Clark <fewf , Stocton O Clark, Stockton
Miss Clark. Stockton F Burr >Jl, Fresno
F Dale. Denver G W Htron?. San Jose
W L> Hirtley&w, Merced J Jones, San Jo-e
J R Lowe, --an Jose L W Legg, San Jose
N R Rayner, Yreka J M Matison, Belvedere
T J Duffy, nan Rafael J P Gibbs, Stanford
N Todham, Detroit W D Orady, Fresno
S NewelL Stockton
Teach Boyg and Girls.
How to keep a set of books.
How to write a rapid business hand.
How to spell all the words one uses.
How to write a promissory nute.
How to write a receipt.
How to add a column of figures rapidly.
How to write a bank check.
How to make out and receipt a bill.
How to write good social and business
letters.
How to write an advertisement for a
newspaper.
How to know good soil at sight.
How to measure a pile of lumber.
How to live within one's income or al
lowance.
How to calculate interests and dis
counts, at any rate, for any time.
How to write a call for a public meeting
and a report ot the same.
How to tell the good points of a horse
and how to tell its ace.
How to make common repairs about tne
home.
How to know at sight all the common
minerals and rocks of the neighborhood.
How to recognize at sight the common
trees of the farm and the forest, and to
know the uses and comparative value of
each.
How to measure a bin of grain, and to
calculate its market value in pounds or
bushels.
How to gain the love and respect of
those with wnom we mingle.
How to know in the fullest details the
business or the profession or the special
study which we are to follow, that we
may with patience and industry JUave a
reasonable prospect of success in onr
daily labors. — Philadelphia Record.
Rain marks may be removed from cloth
by damping the marked part thoroughly,
then ironing with a hot iron.
THE CALL CALENDAR
December, 1898.
Bu.
ilo.
ITU.
|W.
|Th.
I**-
)Ba.
Moon's Phi
—
I
—
—
1
2
3
4
I 6
*%k New Moon.
W Dec. 4.
*™~"
;
"~~l
—
7
8
9
10
11
12
Quartei
W!/ Dec. 11.
v
14
15
16
17
18
19
®Full Moon.
U2? De& 19.
—
—
I. .
JO
ai
22
23
24
25
26
©Lost Quarter.
Dec 27.
__
I
—
—
27
28 I
29 I
30 I
31 I
i
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
stkamkb
I
From
Dtrre
Albion TllismooK Bay
Wastuenaw .... Tacoma
Protection Tlllamoolc 8ay....
i'araliou Yaqulna Hay
Mackinaw...... Tac0ma.........
Australia....... Honolmu....
Weeott Crescent City
Bonlta Coos 8ay.....: .'.*.
Pr0gre50.. ...... 5eatt1e....... ............
City of Everett. Nanaimo...
Arcata.. ........ Loos 8ay......
Coos Bay.. .Newport.
Sunoi Grays Harbor
Homer Yaqulna Bay..
Corona. San Diego.
Pomona I flnmbolcU 8ay......"....
State of CM...", ! t'ortlana.
North For*. ... I Hamboldt 8ay....;....;
City Puebla Victoria & Paget Sound
Kurelca.. .... Newport .. '
Peru China and Japan........
Czarina.....:... Coos Bay.: .".
Colon ........... ! Panama.."..:...;..
Santa Kosa iUau Diego ....._
Crescent City. crescent. City ............
A1cazar.:....... Grays Harbor
t'nlnn'.M*. .- '..■■•• t'ortlana. ......
..Deo i' 3
..Dec 23
..Dec 23
..Dec 23
..Dae 23
..Dec 23
..Dec 23
..Dec 23
..Dec 24
..Dec 24
..Dec 24
..Dec 24
..Dec 24
..Dec 25
..Doc 25
..Deo 38
..Dec 26
..Dec 26
..Dec 26
..Dec 27
..Dec 27
..Dec 29
..Dec 29
..Deo -9
..Dec 30
..Dec 30
. Dec 31
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
I", f. Coast and Gfodetic Subvky Tidk"4
Bulletin Published by Official >
authoblty of the supkbintendknt. .1
December— lß96.
WednesJa ■, December 23.
OnnrUM 7.241 Moon risen 8.38ru
6un sets 4.56 1 Moon sets.
I Tim.. Fee , T '-" Feet ' |mo Peet Tlmß p.^
; h w ■ l \v H >v l w
iS Sou &.i| 7.^6 2.9 12.54 477 BTiF
-1 3.32 6.2 8.27 2.4 1.54 4.2 8.54
15 4.09 6.3 9.34 52.1 3.05 3.7 9.45
IB 4.45 5.3 10.45 1.3 4.35 10.31
7 .V 23 5.4 11.46 0.9 6.00 3.4 111.20
18 6.05 5.6 1'J.57 0.1 7.40 37 ......
L W B . W L « ■ H■ W
!9 0.15 ' 2.7 6.6: | 5.7 3.03 -1.0 9.01
— V.,
o.'
l.(
- 1. 1
2.:
3.1
Notk— In the above exposition of the tides th»
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
•rder of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and tne last or right
band column gives the last tide of the d»y, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then tbe number given la subtractlv*
from the deDth riven by i he cban*-
NOTICE TO MARINERS
branch of the United States Hydrographie
Ofßce located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained ln Ra« Ftanclsco for the benefit ot
mariners without regard to nationality and fre« »i
•z rente.
Navigators are cordially invited to Ylstt the
omce, where complete seis of charts and saillnx
directions of the world are kept on nan 1 for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
Th- tim- ball on top of the build ng on Te:»
graph Ui!l Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th moridlan, by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United Stales Nayal Ob »rv«.o.-y a*. Mare Island,
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time, or giving the error, If any. Is
published the same day oy the afternoon papers,
•nd by the morning papers tbe following l»r.
W. a Bushes,
Lieutenant. TJ. B. N.. In charge.
The Xline Ball.
. ■ £xakcr nYTIROABAPHIC OFrrRB, v. 9. »C.. > -
•, . : L Merc ha Eicuamiu v
■'■■■...• San Francisco. Decemoer 22. 1894. )
■ The . time ball ; on Teiegrasa . H III •»m aropp» 1
exactly at noon | to-day— L «.. ai . noon of the l'JOta
meridian! or exactly im ttir. m.. Greenwich tlma. .
■ ;■•■-.--.■•.:■ ■' • ■.--;-- •' • W. HDSHU, -.'
: Lieuienant U. B. K n in charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Jr>Bt»a of Departure From San Franctaeo
KTKAMKR | n ESTIMATION. [ BAILS. I PIICB.
3s*rina i Coos 8ay...:.. Dec 23, 6p*iPierß
taiita Kosa. .->an D1e50.. .. . Dec i! 3. 11am : i*ier 14
P0m0na..... ; Hum bold Dec 23. 2ni Pierß W
Colombia... I Portland ...... Deo 24.1Uaij ; Ple»3l^
Kmpire iureeon ports. . Dec 24. 6pm ; Pier IS 1
Orizaba. j Mexico Dec 28. 10am Pier 11 I
Coos 8ay.. . . ! Newport, Dec 26. fin Pier 11
Mexico Vic&PgtSnd Dec 26. Bam Fler9
fcrcaia...... j loos 8ay..... Deo 26. 4pm Pier IS
t'aralioD Yaqulna Bay. (Deo 26. itAM Pier 2
r0r0na...... Nan Dies©. .... Deo 27.11 a* Pii>r 11
H0mer...... Yaquina Bay. | Dec 27. 9am Pier 2
Acapuico... Panama jDecfcV.l2 » PMHB
SiaujoiCa). Portland | Dec 29.10 am Pier 24
Belgic China* Japan Dec 29. Ipm PJIB3
Australia... H0n01u1u...... j Dec 29.10 am Pier 7
Knreka ". ! Newport I Deo 2». fAM i Pier 1]
3lty Pnpbm i Vie A Pet Sn<l l Dec 30. Ham ' Pit >
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrlvo'l.
TUESDAY. December 22.
Stmr Mexico, Thomas. 77 hours from Victoria
and Puget Sound; pass and rudse, to Goodall,
Perkins <fc la
6tmr Pomona, Doran. 17% hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins Co.
Stmr ( zanna, Drlsko. 4.> hours from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to J D >p. - »'Ckels & I ros (Jo.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart, 61 hours from Point
Arena; 100 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Cleared.
TUESDAY. December 22.
Brig John D Spreckels. Christiansen, Mahukona;
J D Spreckels & Bors Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, December 32.
Btmr Gipsy. Leland, Santa Cruz.
Btmr Greenwood. Carlson.
• Bark Undaunted, Olsen. Port BlaKeley.
Schr Mary Buhne, Ramselius. La Libertad.
6chr Moro. Jorgenson, Coquille Kirer.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 22.— 10 r. it— Weathe:
Clojdy; wind NE; velocity 6 mile*
Charters
The bktn Addenda loads lumber at Chemalnas
: for Shangnai, 42s fid.
Domestic Port*.
SEATTLiS-Salled Dec 22-Schr Transit, for
San Jose de Guatemala.
GRAYS HARBOR— Dec 23— Schr De
fender, hence Dec 7.
ASTOHlA— sailed Dec 22— Br bark Zinlta, for
Queenstown. -'
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Dec 22— U S stmr Thetis.
sailed Dec 22 — itmf Excelsior, lor San Fran
cisco: bktti Catherine Sudden, for Grays Hart*
SOUTH BEND— sailed D c 23— Bktn GardlM
Cl v. lor San Francisco. W
BOWENS LANDING-Salled Dec 22-Sehr Bar
bara Hernster, for ban Fran.isca f
COOS Arrived Dec 32— stmr Alliance, hce
Dec 19.
balled Dec 22— Stmrs Arcata and Bonita, for ban
Francisco.
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Dec 22— Scnr
Gen Banning, from Grays Harbor.
CLaLLAM BAY— In port Dec 22— Schr Lymaa
D Foster, from Port Hadlock, for Freemantle.
ASTORIA — Sailed Dec 22— ship Magdalene,
for Queenstown ; Br ship Vandnara, for Queens
town
ALBlON— Arrived Dec 22-Stmr Scotia, from
Rock port.
VAQUINA BAY— Sailed Deo 22— Stmr Faral
lon tor San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Dec 22-Ger bark Bee
stern, for Valparaiso.
SAN PEDRO- bailed Dec 31— Stmr South Coast
for nan Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Dec 18-Schr Wm
F Witzemanu, for San Josu de Guatemala.
PORT HADLOCK-Sailed Dec 18-acar Lyman
D Foster, for Free man tie.
fAN DlEGO— Sailed Dec 21— Bktn Catherine
Sudden, for Grays Harbor.
TACOMA— sailed Dec 22— Schr Fanny Dutard,
for ban Diego.
■ Sailed Dec 22— Ship Yosemlte, for San Fran
cisco: Chil bar* Lake Leman, for Guayaquil.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Dec 22— Schr
Monterey, hence Dec 21.
FoRT BRAGG— Arrived Dec 22-Btmr Caspar,
hence Dec 21.
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 22— Sim r Weeott, frm
Crescent City: schr Bertie Minor, hence Dec 16.
SOUTH BEND— Dec 22— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Dec 19. febfli
Fore i en Port*.
VICTORIA— SaiIed Deo 18— Br ship Drumcliff,
for London.
Arrived Dec 18— Br ship - Sierra Blanca, from
Cardiff,
CALCUTTA— Arrived Dec 21— Br stmr City of
Dublin, hence Oct 30.
PANAMA— Arrived Dec s— Stmr Colon, hence
Nov 10. Deo 10— Stmr City of Panama, from
ChamDerico. Dec 13— Stmr Newport, hence Nov
19.
Sailed Dec 12— Stmr Colon, for San Francisco,
SWAN SEA— Sailed Dec 19— Br bark Afon Alaw
for San Francisco-
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Dec 21— Br stmr Taooma,
for Tacoma. '
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 10 — Gershlp Marie
Hackfelo, from Bremen. Dec 11— Baric Martha
Davis, hence Nov 22; stmr Australia, hence Dec
5. Dec 12— Bark' Ceylon, from Eureka; schr
Aloha, hence Nov 24. -
Sailed Dec 12— U S stmr Adams, for San Fran
cisco. ' ' • . - -
Passed Dec 12— Bark Coloma, from Oregon, for
Hongkong. ■
DEPARTURE BAY— Ready for sea and waiting
for tug, ship Oriental, for San Francisco. ... i .
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamary k
NKW YORK.— Arrived Dec 22— Stmr Havel, tvm
Bremen and Southampton: stmr Mobile, troai
London; stmr Kensington, from AntwerD.
Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Lahn, tor Bremen.
GENOA— Arrived out Deo 22— stmr Werra.
MOVlLLE— Arrived out Deo 22— Stmr State of
California. ■
LIZARD-Passed Dec 22— Stmr Schiedam, from
! New York, for Amsterdam.
1 BEACHYHEAD-Pasied Dec 23-Stmr Maas
j dam, fro v New York, for Rotterdam.
Importations.
I TACOMA— Per Mexico— 3 cs shoes. 4cs wine. 1
I cs gioves, 4 drums 'cheese, 1 cs cigars, 1200 bars
' bullion.
! Tacoma west of Fargo— 2Blo sks wheat. 650 sks
! flour, 1000 qr-sks flour, 26 bdls hoops, 1 cs shoes,
i 1 bx 8 plate.
! East via NP R R— 7oo bxs 50 crts 5 bbls starch.
Everett— 62s kegs nails, 1 keg fish, 1400 bars
bullion.
AnacorteS— 263l sks oats.
New Whatoom— pkgs boilers, i a dry goods, 3
pkgs castings.
Vancouver— 2 pkgs mdse, 1 kit 3 tubs butter, 4
bdls hides 147 bdls salt hides, 20 bdls salt pelts, 1
piano, 99 bdis hides.
Seattle— lo pkgs mdse, 12 bxs type, 2652 sis
oats, 2 cs clothing, 6 pkgs metal, 3cs shoes, 232
', bdls salt hides, 35 bdls C hides, scs fresh fish. 1
bx glassware, 7 sks coffee, ; 8 cs 9 crts starch. 3
cs dry goods, 28 pkgs tallow, B8 cs salmon. 14 cs
halibut, X bots copper, 5 pkgs brass, 68 pkgs fur
niture, 9 pkgs express, 2 sks coin.
GN By via Seattle— l cs gloves, 80 cs rubber
goods, 1 cs rubber hose, 800 sks flour, 1747 pkgs
copper Ingots.
Port Townsend— 3 dxs hardware, 15 sks peas, 1
pkg express. 1 sk coin.
Juneau— 1 bx bullion.
Douglas Island— l bx bullion.
East via Vancouver— 7 cs Cig tobacco, 684 cs
tobacco. 61 cs cigarettes, 34 cs clears, Ics dry
goods, 747 cs boots and shoes, 10 pkjrs mase. 1 cs
9 rolls leather, 1 cs laces, 3 cs welting. 3146 cs
hats, »60 rolls carpet, Ics arc lamps, Ics hard
ware, 875 cs condensed milk, 14C3 wooden ha aes.
lOcs hosiery, lea lining. 2cs pianos. 1 bxs Car.
ammonia, 1 cs forging, 1 cs tinware, 3 cs drnjrs, 75
crts v heels, 5 pkgs chairs, 6 pkgs furniture, 45 ci
canned lobsters. 195 pkes cheese.
Victoria— l pkg mdse, 10 pkgs express, 2 ski
coin. •
EUREKA— Per Pomona— l cs leather, 4 cs dry
goods, 1 cs glass. 6 bxs type. 41 bxs butter, 3 bxs
pulleys, 2 pkgs mdse, 6 sks potatoes. 7 bxs apples,
1 bx cake, 2 bxs poultry, 1 sk coin, 7 pkgs hides,
19 pkgs express, 1 sk wool. 1 cs cigars, 1 roll belt
iug, 2 bxs groceries.
E R and E R R-65 bxs 66 hf-bxs fish, 7 kegs
143 bxs butter. 2 cs shoes, 2 bxs frogs. 10 cs con- w t
densed milk, 28 Mft lumber. 1 bbl fish, 21 doors, .
6 pkgs mdse, 1 coop chickens, 2 bx* fro;*.
COOS RAY — PerCzarina-87* tons coat, SO bb'.a
, salmon. 85 bxs apples, 3 bales flannel. 1 sks coin,
7 bxs batter, lcoop chickens, 20 pkgs mdse a cbts
ebpress.
, Consignees.
Per Czarina— J D Spreckels * Bros Co; Hlbernia
Brewery: Hllmer. Bredhoff & Schulz; MPDetels:
Bandon Woolen-mills; Getzßros&Co; Bay City
Soda Works: Wieland Brewing Co: M Palnt°r: H
H Hogan ; Wells. Farzo «fc Co : Standard Oil Co :
Enterprise Brewery: Willows Brewery.
Per Pomona— A C Nichols <fc Co; A Crocker *
Bros: Amer rress Assn: Brigham, Hoppe <s Co; A
J Naiazar: Dodge, Sweeney & Co: J b lugugiia: C
I J Kennedy: Dairymen's Union: Wells, Fargo <t Co;
I W BSumner&Co: American Union Fish Co: H X
Ha;edorn; H«n*hAw, Belcher A Co; L P Pecan &
Co: s Denning; (JOG Miller; E T Pierce: B C»lio:
G Ghlgbezola; G Camitloni & CO: Ross A Hewlett;
Rlnaldo Bros; W L Jordan; C E Whitney A Co:
a Heliantl; Milan! <fc Co; Cahn, Nlckelsburg * Co;
Hllmer, Bredhoff & achulz; Norton, Teller A Co;
APaladinl: Pacitic ('oast Fish Co: A O Bryan
Snoe Co: Briehum. Hopi c & Co; Standard Oil Co ;
Chas Nelson: Hills Bros: F B Haight: Wolf* Son:
I J H Newbauer & Co: Marshall & Reim rs: lucitlc
! Coast Lumber Co; McDonouah^Kunyon: G Beril
& CO: O B Smith 4Co Getz Bros & Co: D Verva
| itn; J de Haven: I. Scatenu & « o:Wltrel *• Baker;
D E Allison &Co \V L Gordan.
Per • Mexico-Cahn, Nickelsburg&Co; A Herr
mann: California Wino Ansn: Getx Bros A Co: G
j W Howard: Miller. Sloss & Scott : Davis Haber &
Co; Miller. Sloss & Scott: Pacific Rolling Mills: X
a Higgin- A Co; Selby Smelling and Lead Co: s
Bachman & Co: Allen tfe Lewis: J Everdinsr«fc Co;
II Dutard : Allen <fe Lewis: Moore, Ferguson <& Co :
JP Thomas: I Buckingham, Hecht A Co: Demtn*-
Palmer Milling Co; Amer Press Assn: A H K:pps;
s stlefviiter: Ttilmann & Bendel: L D Stone & Co:
HakerA Hamilton. Dunham, Carrt^an * Co: M 11
B»rthel: PaclHc Cooperate Co: C H Meyer & Bro;
FretieriCKsburg Brewery: A Tobacco Co:
Jl Levl; A Glry; i D N <fe E Walters; F A Lawson;
J C Turner; Johnsou- Locke anile Co; Lam
son C S ■» Co: Standard biscuit Co; P Berwin A
Bros: Michalltsckbe Bros; Sherman; Clay it Co : S
Fai.il San Mateo electric Railway Co: Waketle^d
RattnnCo; W AGoug'i: Bates & suydam; Bun>c
of Hritlih Columbia; Bisslnger A Co; Trlrst A Co;
J Barnford; Kowalsky & Co: Schle*el & Bonkeir:
A Schilling <fc Co: A >* Prelitt; A J Prater & «=o**.
BroKaw Broj; Brown Bros & Co: HCohn; Biic|i
side Bros: G Camilloni A Co: - Duff A Co; F. rff,
Bros & Nues: F B Wrigbt; C W Scott: HISs Br«»:
Wlcl.«nd Brewing Co; X W Hlggius; Ital.an->ws«
Agricultural Colony; Joseph Mun: Knudsea A In
gold: J R McAdnius. M J Brandenstein A Co; «'
P Fuller: ''-Man-lull. 1 I ursh A Co: The California
Canneries Co: Sawyer Tanning Co; PGreenber»A
Co; Wheaton. Breon A Co: i-at»r &Ho den: Tnh
Crane Co: W Fuller A Co: Wells, Fargo A Co:
WTO rrett: Thomas Alarum: Union Fish Co; vv
A McDonald; /Royal Milling Co; B 1 lumenthal <k
Co; £ J Bo wen A Co; London, Paris and American
Bank; Bank of California, •EXPLAINS HIS
WATER-FRONT BILL
Assemblyman Leavitt As
serts He Is Acting in
Good Faith.
The Proposed Measure Consid
ered Unnecessary at the
Present Time.
It Is Believ.d It Mus'. Pr juJice the
City's Standing in the U. S
Suprem: Court.
Oakland Office or The Call )
908 Br^adwav, D c 22. j
No matter what may be the outcome,
itj is certainly unfortunate that any legis
lation affecting the water front should be
considered just at this time. The case
has been .irgued and is now awaiting a
decision by thf Supreme Court, and any
biil introduced at the coming Lesislature
must necessarily prejudice it.
A-«emb;yman Frank Leavitt said to-day
that it is a crave mistake to suppose that
ti e bill is being introduced at the instigA-
A>n of any agency of the railroad coni-
Oakland has become so used to
tr.p interference by the Legislature in
water-front matters, and always to her
detriment, that it is a foregone conclusion
wun her citizens that all such measures
must be instigated by the railroad com
pany. It is so in this instance, and it is
peculiarly unfortunate that it should have
happened at the very outset of the public
career of Mr. Leavitt.
Attorney W. R. Davis, who certainly
knows as much about the legal status of
the waier iront as any one in the State,
and who with his colleacues has been
■paid a good-sized fortune to carry the
vater-froot case through to the highest
court in the land, is, no doubt, the best
authority on the subject. When he «ays
that the bill, although, no doubt, well
meant by Mr. Leavitt, is pernicious, the
people of this city are bound to accept his
statement, as they have employed him to
five just such advice.
Assemblyman Leavitt said to-day: "I
had this bill printed so that just what is
happening could take place, viz., that it
might be thoroughly discussed before
being presented to the Legislature. The
biiF is my own idea, aided by suggestions
from prominent people who have been for
years fighting tie railroad. I have never
t-poken to any railroad attorney on tha
juatter nor to any one connected with the
railroad in any way.
"If this measure had been a railroad
measure I certainly should not have
placed it before the public the way I did;
this discussion is exactly what 1 want. If
the majority of the people of Oakland
think that the water front and harbor of
Oakland should be in the possession- of
the State, I will introduce the bill and
work for it all I can. It seems to me that
if the State obtained possession of the
■water front and a Board of Harbor Com
missioners was appointed, such as my biil
provides for, that Oakland woula then go
ahead. The State would spend money for
improvements, commerce would increase
and a move would be made in the right
llirection.
", "For forty years the water front has
been idle and unimproved, aud there is
every indication that the present litiga
tion may be extended and kept up for
years to come. San Francisco's water
front was likewise neglected and unim
proved until the Staie assumed control of
it; after that money was spent, wharves
were built and the City went ahead. No
doubt Oakland's experience would be the j
same if my bill should pass. It seems to j
me that it would be better for the State
to handle the matter, for even if the city
wins its present suit nothing could be
done in the way of permanent improve
ments because of lack of money. My biil
is not antagonistic to the city any more
than it is to the water front. It simply
means the taking of the fight out of the
hands ot the municipality and placing it
in the State, which is properly able to
control interests of such vast importance."
• Any attempt to interfere with the
water-front legislation is of vast import
ance to this community. Up to this time
the city has won all the points in the liti
gation. A decree has been obtained in
the Superior Court holding that the title
is vested in the city. Under these cir
cum>tances the city has no motive for
arresting the litigation, and can only be
prejudiced by any legislative measure at
this time. Even should the bill pass and
the Legislature give tho property back to
the State, the State would then have to
again go over all the legal ground which
has been covered by the city of Oakland
during the past four years before it could
oust the railroad from possession. So far
as the State courts are concerned, a final
decision is about to be reached, and the
interjection of Assemblyman Leavitt's bill
is certainly to be deprecated.
Men best acquainted with the methods
of the corporation in water-front matters
declare openly that this bill would be one
of the greatest drawbacks, if passed, to the
city's legal status at this time. It cannot
benefit the city, but might benefit the
•railroad.
It is not contended that Assemblyman
Frank Leavitt derived hi- inspiration
irom the Southern Pacific Company; it is
believed that he drafted the measure be
cause he thought it was in the be.-,t in
terests of the early improvement of the
water front, most of which is located in
b,U Assembly district.
Shoui i the bill, however, be introduced,
it will most, certainly receive all the sup
port the railroad can give it, and those
best acquainted with the inside history of
part Legislatures fear the result.
MINISTERS CONFLICT.
Shall Unitarian* Be Admitted to the
Conferences ?
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 22.— A special
committee of the Oakland Ministerial
Union is at work on the problem of
whether Unitarian ministers shall be ad
mitted to its conferences.
At its la3t meeting Rev. 8. 8. Palmer pro
tested acainst the principle of admitting
.Unitarians. He paid a high compliment
to Rev. Dr. Wendte, and stated that his
only reason for calling attention to the
matter was to prevent any breach of the
canons ot the church.
A committee was appointed to see if the
• admittance of Unitarians to the Ministe
rial Union was in conflict with their rules,
and their report is expected next week.
3lay Work Prisoner!.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 22. — Mayor
Davie is very anxious to try the "Ptngree
Alan ' of cultivating the unoccupied land
ma\ the city. He, however, believes the
Hint step should be to put to work the men
confined in the city prison in petty of
fenses, so that they could do something
. toward their support. Later, if this
proves successful, he would extend the
plon so tijat the unemployed of the city
might be given a chance to support them
selves and their families.
For some time the Mayor has been try
ing to sicure a tract belonging to the
Coleman estate and another adjoining be
longing to the Macdonough estate. The
former tract is 600 by 300 feet, and it is
bounded by Telegraph avenue, Grove,
Thirtieth and Thirty-first street?. The
latter U bounded by Grove, West, Thirtieth
and Thirty-fiist streets, ami is 300 feet
square; also a block at Linden and Thirty
third street 1 ), belonging to A. J. Snyder Jr.
It is piobable other property-owners would
donate the use of their property.
Is It a Hoax?
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 22. — Coroner
Baldwin received a note to-day mailed
ytsterdav, but dated the 18th. and signed
Peter McLaughlin, aged 27, i:i which the
writer s:ivs l.c will drown himself in the
well at tiie north end cf Lake Merritt,
where his body can be found. The Coro
ner -ays he will pay no attention to the
matter.
Father Yorko to lecture.
OAKLAND. Cal., Dec. 22— Rev. Father
YorKe will lecture lor Catholic Ladies'
Ail Society of Oakland at the Macdonough
Theater on Monday evening, December 28.
His subject will be "Was the American
Constitution Founded Upou Protestant
Principles?"
UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS.
School Directors Believe They Kxercise
Too Miu-h Influence iv O.ikluiul.
OAKLAND, Cal., Dec. 22.— The request
for changes in the courae of study made
by the teachers last evening to the Board
of Education, which provides for addi
tional work in the ninth grade of the
Central School, caused some of the Direc
tors to remark that they believed the
State University was exercising too much
influence in shaping Ibe course of study
for the schools of Oakland.
Director Myra K;iox. the only lady
inenibcr of the boar.l, said she feared tiiat
too much work wutud fall upon the
ninth-tirade pupils. She was of the opin
ion that the course of study was being ar
ranged to suit only the brightest pupils.
These latter made up only about 1 per
cent of all those attending the schools.
The director said thai believed that
iher>j were oii'y comparatively few per
sons connected with the university who
were competent to say what subjects
should be taught In a grammer grade, yet
on account of the increasing requirements
for admission to the university more work
was constantly being forced back upon
the ninth trade trom the High School.
In her opinion a law should be passed
prohibiting tne university from changing
its requirements at less intervals than
lonr years.
President Clement and Director Evans
indorsed her remarks, and the matter was
referred to the classification committee.
DR. HARRIS` PHILOSOPHY
Debate Before the Philosoph
ical Union at Berke
ley.
An Exposition of th-- Dcve cpment of
Mind and the Nature
cf God.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 22.-Dr. Wil
liam T. Harris, Professor Howison, Dr.
George M. Stratton and E. B. McGilvray
discussed the nature of the divine person
ality in Stiles Hall to-night before the
Philosophical Union. The object of the
gathering, Professor Howison declared,
was to arrive at an understanding as to
the different positions held by Dr. Harris
and those who differed with him, and
the professor at once proceeded to a state
ment of the difficulties in question. The
lower auditorium of Stiles Hall was well
tilled with an audience composed princi
pally of members of the faculty of the uni
versity and of the Philosophical Union.
''Philosophy undertakes to explain
reasonably the world of being," said Pro
fessor Howison. "Some philosophers say
that it is impossible to do this, but make
an attempt at the task. The first princi
ple is generally in some senss a theism.
When the absolute intelligence is re
garded as a benevolent being, it is a
Christian theism.
'•JL)r. Harris' philosophy is theistic and
Christian. We agree here entirely. We
shall ask him to explain why, if the abso
lute being is independent and complete,
".here should be any creation at all? Dr.
Harrb, more than a philosopher, deals
with this question. Dr. Harris accepts
the Christian insight inio God and crea
tion, but In meditation upon the gospels
there has grown up a vast doiima called
the doctrine of the Trinity, In reorganiz
ing this doctrine philosophy cannot be
bound by the mere letter of any symbol.
The doctrine of the Trinity is essential to
an explanation of the nature of God, but
if it be extended to any one person, to one
man, Jesus of Nazareth, then philosophy
has nothing to say, it would not know
how to recognize that."
Professor Howison then framed for Dr.
Harris a question, asltinu how, by reason
ing, the human mind can get beyond the
limit imposed by its own finitv.
Dr. Harris gave a comprehensive reply,
repeating much of his argument for the
existence of a personal Goc 1 that was given
on last Friday evening. He reviewed the
development of "true being" irom inert
matter to man, describing the first as men
potential or partial being. "Other beings
seem to be whole, as a plant, which grows
by its own activity," he said. "The ani
mal has a still greater development of real
life and man rises to a consciousness of
his own activity, but still remains an in
complete and dependent being. If we
conceive this chain of dependent beingd it
becomes a logical necessity to affirm the
existence of an independent or absolute
being on which it rests."
Here Dr. Harris proceeded to discuss
the nature of God. He showed how man
might get beyond himself by the faculty
of idealizing.and closed with an exposition
of the doctrine of the Trinity. He de
clared Aristotle's "De Animus" to be
"the most wonderful book of philosophy
ever written."
Dr. Harris' address was followed by
questions by E. B. McGilvay, assistant to
Professor Howison, and Dr. George M.
Stratton, instructor in psychology at the
university. A general discussion upon
the points of the evoning's speeches fol
lowed.
Richardson Dead.
BERKELEY, Cal., Dec. 22. -The report
from Greece of the death at Athene of Pro
fessor George M. Richardson oi Berkeley
has been confirmed, and the professor's
friends have given up all hope that the
news will prove to be erroneous. Pro
fessor Richardson had held the associate
professorship of arcl.aeology at the uni
versity for seven years, and wa3 one of
the most popular merubjra of the faculty.
His relatives reside in Boston, from
which city came the news of his demise.
A JAPANESE SOCIAL.
Their Three Churches of This City
Unite in a Festive Ke
union.
A union Christmas reception was held
last evening by the members of the Japa
nese Presbyterian Church, Rev. K. Ina
z.awa pastor; the Protestant Episcopal,
Rev. K. Mikami, and the Methodist Epis
copal, Rev. T. Ikeda, at the latter church.
About 300 young Japanese men were pres
ent, and the evening was pas-ed in the en
joyment of the holiday occasion. The re
ception-room was neatly decorated with
flowers and bunting, the platform being
draped with the American and Japanese
flags. Addresses were made by the ciergy
men present and -icveral violin aolos were
rendered by H. Doi, a native of Japan and
a fine player on that instrument.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
guui reiuad the money v it Jails to cure. 25c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
THE RILES DWARF
PLAYED EVEN
Arrests the Husband of the
Woman Who Says She
Was Beaten.
The Little Defendant Will Mount
a Ladder in the Court
room.
Will Argue That He Coud Not Pos
sibly Hay. 1 Reached the
Woman's Eye.
Oakland Office San Francisco CallJ
903 Broadway, Dec. 22. f
Joseph Machado was arrested to-day by
Antone Martin. Mr. Martin is the little
man who was arrested last Thursday at
the instance of Mrs. Machado for beating
her. The trial will come off at Centerville
in a few days and the prosecution is an
ticipating a great deal of trouble in prov
ing its case. Antone Martin is 3 feet and
as many inches tall and for a long while
has been the partner of M;iciiado on a
little ranch near Niles. Mrs. Machado is
rather a tall woman, consequently when
it became known that little Antone Mar
tin, the dwarf, had whipped the portly
Mrs. Machado much doubt was expressed
as to the manner in which it was done.
Dwarf Martin denies that he did it, but
asserts that Mr. Machado did beat him.
It was because of the beating the dwarf
received that to-day'^ warrant was served
on Mr. Machado. It is easy to conceive
that Martin's story mi^ht be true, but it
is not easy to see how Martin gave Mrs.
Machado the black eye of which she com
plains.
When the case is called in court there
will be a scene. Martin's attorney will
have a ladder carried into the courtroom,
and after arguing on the impossibility of
his client striking Mrs. xuuehado in the
eye unless the lady were on her knees in
viting such a blow the attorney for the
defense will have the dwarf mount the
ladder several s:eps to show the court how
higu he must have been to give Mrs.
Machado the beating she claims to have
received.
Mr. Machado's grievance against little
Antone Martin is that he talks too much
to Mrs. Machado. Martin asserts that
Mrs. Machado encouraged the conversa
tion and that her husband became jealous.
This allegation ol Mr. Martin's will no
doubt need much testimony to prove.
Should the District Attorney, rising to his
full height, appeal to the court and say,
''Is it reasonable, your Honor, to suppose
that a well-built man, such as Mr.
Machado, should be jealous of this small
defendant?" it is very probable that the
court will think in the negative.
Under these circumstances the trial will
certainiy be a farce, and so great is the iu
tere^ in the result among the neighbors
of the litigants that there will certainly be
a f uil or at least a packed house.
WEDDED IN BERKELEY.
Dr. J C. Merriam ot the State
University Married to Miss
Ada G. L ttle.
Ceremony Performed at the Con
gregational Church by R-v.
Mr. Hatch.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Dec. 22.— One of the
prettiest weddings that ha* taken place in
Be rkeley for many months was that of
Dr. John Mernaiu, instructor of palfpon-.
tology at the State University, and Miss
Ala G. Little, only daughter of Judge J.
R. Little, which occurred this evening at
the First Congregational Church. Rev
George B. Hatch, pastor of the church,
performed the ceremony which united the
happy pair. Miss Mabel A. Fisher, who
was a member of the class of '96 of the
university with Miss Little, acted as
bridesmaid, and Dr. Thomas McCieave of
San Francisco served as groomsman.
The church, whicU had been beautifully
decorated for the occasion with cut flow
ers, evergreens, potted plants and holly
berries, was crowded to the doors with
friends of the contracting parties, a large
number of whom were members of the
iaeulty and their families.
After their honeymoon, which will be
spent in the southern part of tiie State,
and which will extend through the holi
days, they will make their home in Berke
ley.
FIRE ALARM SYSTEM.
Proposed Change From Gravity to Stor-
age Batteries In the Encinal
City.
ALAMEDA, Cai,., Dec. 22 —The City
Trustees will consider the proposition
submitted to them of changing the fire
alarm system from a gravity battery to stor
age batteries. The City Electrician, Mr.
W^ese, asserts that it would mean a sav
ing ol $22 50 per month to the city. The
proposition is that the storage system be
installed at a cost of $1000, or it will be
leased to the city at $20 per month, the
payments of the first year to bo applied
on the purchnse price if the city decides
to buy at the expiration of the first year.
Trustee Leydecker states that the" sys
tem is in force in Stockton and gives per
fect satisfaction. It requires little charg
ing current of electricity, and Mr. Rank
of the Alameda, Oakland and Piedmont
Electric Railway has offered to supply
the charging current during eighteen
hours of the day. The City Attorney will
report on the proposed contract at the
next meeting of tb.9 Board of Trustees,
when it is expected that some action will
be taken.
Football for Christmas.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 22.— Companies
A and C, Second Regiment, Boys' Brig
ade, will play football Friday morning
on the vacant lot corner Clinton avenue
and I'aino street. The game is set for 10
o'clock and promises to be very interest
in?. Company A has already defeated
Company E, and if Company C wins on
Christmas they will challenge every com
pany in the brigade.
Company A's team consists of Messrs.
Jones, Fielding, Nearae, Gale, Will Tay
lor, Al Taylor, Barber, Hughes. Ward,
Stark, and McKean substitute. Company
C's men are Dinsmore, Lock, Ward, Hop
kins. Orr, Randlett, Simpson, Deming,
Minturn, Hanley. Grove; substitutes —
Bradford, Lanegrove and Groom.
The Want of Light.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Dec. 22.— While trans
ferring from the boat to the train last
evening at th • narrow-gauge mole, J. M.
Bailey of 2145 Central avenue had a nar
row escape from a broken oiiractory organ,
lie was carrying a number of parcels, and
in the dark tripped on a railing at the
main line track. In falling bis face struck
a post violently. He was severely Druis d
and at first it was thought that his nose
was broken. Mr. Bailey asserts thai with
sufficient light he could have avoided the
accident.
Alameda Notei.
" The Board of Supervisors visited the Bay
Farm Island bridge yesterday to vie the
work being done. .
Additional lights will be placed ; upon Santa
Clara avenue, to make the approaches to the
City Hall more legible.
The City Trustees refused to increase the
city laborers pay from $40 to $50 at Its last
meeting. One in the electric is paid
$UO. ■-, ■■ ;■ ;-,-. .-.:,■:' . : ■. . ■ ■ ■. :
Theo Mitchell aDd the other city gardeners
have petitioned the Board of Education to re-,
voice the appointment of William Nicolson.
As property-owners they, desire the work di
vided among themselves. •
FROM THE BARRIER REEF
Dr. H A. Ward Arrives, Bring
ing Coral Specimens for
Louis A^assiz
He Visited Strange Men in N w
Guinea Who Are Yet in the
Stone Age.
Professor Henry A. Ward, owner of
Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
Rochester, N. V., who has been collecting
corals for Profebsor Agassiz on the Great
Barrier Reef, and who has been on an ex
tended visit to different parts of New
Zealand, Fiji, New Guinea, New Caledonia
and elsewhere, is at the California.
The professor has been away from home
about a year, and has shipped to Professor
Agassiz about sixty cases of corals. This
is by far the largest amount of coral ever
sent to one point in America. The pro
fessor also has a lot more which he will
forward to his own institute. He collected
many other things, too, such as pebbles,
weapons and clothing of the natives, but
these were inadvertent.
Professor Ward was in California first
in 18G5, when he bought a stampmill from
Booth's Iron Works and shipped It around
through Nevada and Utah to a mine in
Montana. He was here also in 1882, when
he had a large scientific collection on the
lower floor of the Mercantile Library.
This was bought oy Charles Crocker and
Leland Stanford and a good part of it
went to the Pacific University at Santa
Clara.
Later Professor Ward sold a $40,000 col
lection to the Coronado Beach Company
at Coronado. He also made the large ex
hibit of articles illustrative of science at
the World's Fair, which was afterward
bought by Maruhall Field for $100,000 and
made a permanent feature of the Field
Columbian Museum.
"On this coral-hunting trip," said Pro
fessor Ward, who is an elderly gentleman,
formerly professor of natural science-* in
the University of Rochester, "we had a
24-ton schooner, with the crew, a 7-ton
cutter and crew, including a diver, with
his dress and all paraphernalia, and
dingies, or small boats for collecting. The
PROFESSOR H. A. WARD, "Who Has Been Collecting Corals
on the Great Barren Reef and Elsewhere*
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
craws were Malays and South Sea Island
era.
"The coraia in many places looked
through tne water-glass like lettuce or
cabbage. They were blue, yellow and
crimson and three or four feet across.
There are to be found there also corals in
the shape of deerhorns, stagnorns, clubs,
spears and domes, some of them four or
nve feet in diameter. Some of the single
great (coral rings were as much as twenty
feet in diameter and of a deep magenta
color.
"In many places the corals resembled
through tne water the most beautiful
flower-garden 8. They are in tact exquisite
submarine gardens. Besides these there
were sharks, s?a urchins and the great
giant clam, the trida cuagigas, which is
the biggest bivalve in the world. This
clam we had to look out for. If its great
white stone jaws close on your feet they
will break them. This clam is four or live
feet long and weighs as much as 1000
pounds.
"Wo collected usually when the water
was low on tne reef and then started the
loaded dingies off for the schooner. We
made an excursion to the New Guinea
coast and spent two days on the main
land with the villagers. Ihe women, as
many as fifty on a side, play ball there
with only their hands for bats. Many of
the natives have only a abiny, greased
quality of black epidermis for clothes and
most of their weapons are of stone, as in
the stone age.
"I also visited the bingeyes or natives
of the coast of Queensland. They are a
very low people in the intellectual scale
and live on snails, mussels, berries and
roots.
"For any civilized food they care little,
but they greatly crave our tobacco. In
fact, in that part of the world tobacco is
the circulating medium. The natives
hare no fixed hots, but build a covered
pile of brush to break tne wind and lio in
its lee at night. They make a tire by rub*
bing two sticks together."
Mr. Ward will be here only about two
days. He has been called the king of mu
seum-builders because of his great muse
ums at Rochester, which constitute the
greatest scientificemporiumsin the world.
Left fur .Los Angeles.
• Howard V. Sutherland, editor ; of ; the , News-
Letter, left yesterday for ; a flying trip to Los
Angeles. He will take Christmas dinner with
his brother, Seymour K. Sutherland, and re
turn to this City Monday nest, v
TRYING TO PROVE
THEIR INNOCENCE
Getting to the Bottom of
the Opium Smuggling
Cases.
P. Pantages' Attorney Wishes
to Prove an Alibi for
His Client.
Sam Brown the Unfortunate Victim
of Circumstances — A Hols in
the Floor-
The most important opium case in five
years, in fact since the notorious Emerald
case, is on trial in the United States Dis
trict Court, before Judge Morrow and a
j jury. Samuel Brown and P. Pantages are
■ accused of aiding in smuggling. The in
vestigations of the customs officers show
that a number of Greeks were engaged in
smuggling, and might have been so en
gaged to-day but for some kind of a dis
agreement and quarrel in the gang.
Whiie the officers had cause to believe
that this unlawful business was being car-
ried on, neither John H. Wise nor W. B.
English were able to get to the bottom or
stop the smugglers' operations. However,
they were not slow to profit by an offer
made by one George Peters, who promised
to lead the officers to a big "capture."
Peters evidently considered that his re-
ward, the reward offered by the Govern-
ment, would be large. His story was that
several men had approached him for the
purpose of selling to him 100 pounds of
opium. The men who were to deliver the
drug to him were to meet him on the
corner of Twelfth and Mission streets on
the evening of November 23 and hand over
the 8 tuff.
Accordingly Peters, accompanied by
Customs Officers E. A. Holmes and L. E.
Beban, went to the place of meeting. As
planned, the two sellers came along laden
with 185 tins of the drug. There was a
rush made upon the smugglers. Holmes
got his man, who turned out to be Sam
Brown, but the other fellow escaped,
although Beban fired three shots to stop
the fleeing smuggler. A few days later
the officers arrested P. Pantages, the pro
prietor of a small restaurant at 121 Fifth
street, for the other, the one who escaped.
The officers searched Pantages' premises
and found under the floor of the re>taur
ant a lot of rope, cloth cases and packing,
such as might have been used for wrap
ping up packages of opium.
The cache was reached by the means of
a small bole cut in the floor, which was
concealed by matting. They also found
an expressman who had worked for the
defendants. One night he had carried a
package from East street and the water
front to the Sutter-street market, and
then to the rear entrance of Pantases'
restaurant on Minna street. That was at
2 o'clock in the morning, and while Pan
tagea stated that tho package contained
fish, he would not let the expressman
handle it. More than that, he made a dis
play of a large, ugly looking revolver
when giving the expressman his direc
tions.
At the trial yesterday the prosecution
endeavored to show ihat Pantages was
Brown's companion on the night of the
latter's arrest and the seizure of the
opium.
The defense attempted to convince tne
jury that in the case of Brown he was the
unfortunate victim of circumstances; that
two men, strangers, asked him to help
them carry a sack of something out to the
Mission, for which he was. to be paid. One
man went ahead. Pantages 1 attorney
wisned to prove an alibi for his client and
his story was that Pantages is a pugilist
and at the time was in training for an ex
hibition; that on the evening when Brown
was captured Pantages was sleeping in the
house of a Mrs. Costa at 1022 Mission
street.
Mrs. Costa and several witnesses testi
fied to this to prove an alibi, but when
Customs Officer Holmes searched Mrs.
Co^tn's house for smuggled opium and to
find Pantages she denied that she knew
the man or that ho ever lodged there.
Shortly after his arrest Pantages showed
that he has a large bank account. The
officers are curious to know tow tho
young proprietor of a small restaurant
could have accumulated so much money,
itnd also why one with so much money
should engage in fistic exhibitions. The
case goes on to-day.
Embezzlement Charged.
Peter Jones, a peddler, was arrested last
night and booked at the Oity Prison on a
charge of felony embezzlement. The com
plaining witness Is Sam Brown, who was ar
rested some weeks ago for smuggling opium.
When searched at the City Prison $95 aud a
gold watch were found upon him. While in
the County Jail he gave Jones an order on the
property clerk for the money and watcn and
Jones appropriated them to his own use.
•__.» — «
solid It to Your Fri nda.
Christmas .News Letter; 88 pages.
— | <^
TOE BASCB AUCTIOS COMPACT. Inc.
319-331 SUTTEB STBCET,
Bet. Grant aye. an 1 Stockton Bfc Tele, brant 87.
CONTINUATION SALE
Ol"
Bankrupt Stock of Julius Myers, on
Premises, 40 Clay St., Xear lirumm.
Consisting of Counters, Shovc!uevOiin>. Ammu-
nition To:;ls. Harness Ka'.terv Buifgy itobes.
Whipa. Saddles, Agate Ware, Cuile.y, Haws, etc
NOTK— l'ealers and .Mechanics: This la the last
chance to obtain such goods «v Public Auction.
You are respectfully Invited to attend.
s. BA3CH, Auctioneer.
AUCIM SALE.
BICYCLES ! __ BICYCLES !
Continuance of Grand Hale of
STAMP A.\D mil WHEELS
At 10 a. ;r..
WEDNESDAY DECEMBER 23,
WILL E. FISHER & CO.'S,
33 and 35Maiu St., S. F.
BENGUAn
TURKISH RUG COLLECTION
— AND
All Kinds of Oruntal Goods at Private Sale,
AT — -
Golden G^te Hall, 625 Sutter St.,
UNTIL CHRISTMAS ONLY,
From 8 A. M. to lO P. M. Daily.
GENUINE SACRIFIC SALE.
BOYS FOR THE
NAVAL SERVICE
One Hundred Apprentices
to Be Enlisted
at Once.
The Order Was Made at the
Rf quest of the Chamber
oi Commerce.
Application Must Be Made to the Com
mander of the "Ir dependence,"
Mare Island.
While America is building a new navy
Young America is packing his kit and
getting ready to man it. Every ship that
slips from the ways is cheered on her first
slido toward the sea by her future crew
standing on the shore. In every seaport
the boys are clamoring for enlistment in
the service, but as only a limited number
can be taken, and Congress is slow about
increasing the complement, most all of
the vessels of the navy are woefully short
handed.
A few years ago the cruisers of Uncle
Sam were the quarters of seafaring men of
all the nations of the earth. Runaway
sailors from European navies were to be
found at the batteries of the United States
war vessels.
Along the decks all tongues were
spoken and a muster was a Babel. Officers
grew weary of listening to a jargon of
broken English and a quiet change set in.
American boys begin to take the paces of
the foreign crews and the apprentice sys
tem, whereby the na'.ives were enlisted in
preference to all others, was tried and
found to be successful.
Training stations were established on
the upper Atlantic seaboard and one
recommended for the Pacific Coast. S)
many applications weie made by boys
desiring to enter the service that the en
listments were kept up to the limit. At
the Mare Island Navy-yard boys have
been taken for the new ship? by special
order of the department, in compliance
with the many requests from this locality.
Sume time ago 104 naval apprentices
were shipped for service oa the cruisers
lying at the yard, which number was
about 20 per cent of the number of appli
cants. The Chamber of Commerce in this
City, at Ibe request of the parents of un
successful applicants, interested itself in
the matter. The Secretary of the Navy
was appealed to through Senator Perkins,
and a few days ago an order came from
Washington to the commandant at Mare
Island directing that officer to enlist 100
more boya in the service.
This will be joyful news to the young
fellows who w< re too late for enlistment
before, and they should avail themselves
of an Immediate application to the com
manding officer of the United States re
ceiving ship Independence, Mare Island,
Cal. Tne would-be tar must be between
the ages of 14 and 18, and must be shipped
by his parent or lawful guardian, ns he
cannot enlist himself under any consid
eration. He must pass a careful medical
examination, and the least physical or
mental defect will stop him at the ship's
gangway, as it were.
One of ihe principal tests is for color
blindness, where the applicant's sight is
tried as to bis ability to distinguish the
red and green sidelights on a ship r.t sea.
If found O. K. be begins his war career as
a third-class apprentice, with pay at $9 per
month. He is given a complete outfit of
clothing, bedding and other needed ar
ticles for his comfort. He is then in
structed in the duties of his calling, and
when found proficient promoted to the rates
of second and first class apprentice, with
monthly pay at $15 and $21 respectively.
The petty officer rates are open to Mm
with pay as high as $40 per month. When
he has completed his 21st year he is given
an honorable discharge, if his conduct has
been good, and a continuous service cer
tificate, w hicn entitles him to a gift of three
months' pay in his last rating, provided
he re-enlists within ninety days of the
date of his discharge. Continuous-service
men have the preference in the "«oft" or
best-paid billets aboard ship. Most of the
yeomen or storekeepers, of which there
are three on each vessel, are ex-naval ap
prentices. Their pay is $60 per mouth.
In the army a corporal or sergeant may
aspire to a commissioned officer's shoul
der-straps, but in the navy no such pro
vision has yet been made for the ap
prentice boy. Possibly in the future he
may go from the forecastle to the quarter
deck of the cruiser, as there is a strong
feeling gathering that the officer may
come from the ranks as well as from the
Naval Academy. When the training sta
tion is established on Goat Island the fa
cilities for preparing the young sailor for
an honorable life on the ocean wave will
be increased.
Running makes a person warm because
a greater amount of air is breathed in,
causing ihe b.'ood to pas 3 more rapidly
through the longs.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Th« fiO- /9
DAVIS, HABER I CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants,
Salesroom— 2ll Pine st., between Sansomo
and Battery.
BICYCLE RIDERS, ATTENTION !
THIS DAY.
Wednesday December 33, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m.,
AT SALESROOMS,.
BY CATALOGUE, " '■' •'< ■\ i .» : ;
~ — By order of— '—-'
QUEEN CITY CYCLE COMPANY.
100 ERIE BICYCLES.
These are all '96 model, high grade and hand-
someiy finished gents' and ladies' wheels, and the
sale merits the attention of all riders and dealers.
Wheels can be inspected on TUESDAY. AFT
ER.NOO.V.
DAVIS, HABER A CO., Auctioneers.
SHERIFF'S WAREHOUSE.
911 Larkln Street. . ■
THIS DAY,
Wednesday December 23, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. m., I will sell
To Pay Storage a-<d Advances,
THE ELEGANT FUIIMTUKK, . ETC.,
Of Three Private Houses, Stored in Warehouse
No. a-Lots 146.-!. 1327. 146.").
L. 11. nURIi, Auctioneer.
WILLI4N butterfield
will OFFER a
Bankrupt Stock of Cloaks at Anction
At 1 1 A. 31, and •■! and 7 P. M.
TO-DAY AT 433 KEAKXV ST.-488
Ihe Amateur Bull Teams
The Alameda Alerts are making a big pro
test about Retting done up by McDonald last
Sunday. Next Sundny will be the last game
of the present series, and the new year will
open up with a new schedule which will bring
all oi those great teams together. The San
Francisco Athletic Club's have proven that
they are the best amateur team in the country
to-day, and if the Santa Clara management
will stick to that line and not fake In a lot o(
professionals, it looks as if they will betaken
into the Athletics camp.
Defrauding the I'r.m Club
A. R. Dutibar Jr., accused of defrauding
bankers and business men \y representing,
himself as a solicitor for the Press Club, ap
peared again in Judge Low's court yesterdny
Dunbar took the stand in his own behalf and
said he had been asked by Frank stone to as
sist in collecting money for the club and be
thought it was all right. He pleadod for fur
ther time and the Judge continued the case
till to-morrow, when President Becker of the
German Savings Bank will be asked to testify
again.
Water-color drawings will, it is said,
last 400 years if they are protected from
direct sunliirht.
NEW TO-DAY.
~~gi J.F. CUTTER
|3j EXTRA
isi Old
a Bourbon
Bsra -I i
JiffliiiJ 11 - ''!'('''■ v \«^^i 2- StclT)lG
i, ' —^] medicinal
c*cot**J whiskey
> extra % j for a
quarter-
ysW century.
r/J^w -iAw
UgJ E. MARTIN
FWM 11 Market St.,
X ' v Va. ■_.. .....w AVtf3! Sau Francisco.
Jfi II Holiday
ni^( > W% Presents
yW M Ci "We have the most
m\ /1\ 'n\ magnificent stock of
; Mjifc Furnishing Goods in
FxL ' the city, selected and
: fiwl^^ imported especially
■':'«P. . for the Holiday trade
Holiday Norelties in Neckwear—
rials, Puffs, Flowing-end Scarfs, Tecks, 50c.
Beautiful line of Embroidered Suspend-
ers, Mufflers, Silk Handkerchiefs, Smok-
ing Jackets, Gloves, etc.
._ All-Silk Umbrellas, only $1.00.
All that is New and Nobby.
Boys' and Youths' Clothing.
Elegant Suits for boys 3 to 10 ....$2 50
Cape Overcoats, Reefer Top Coats
and Tjlsters ........$2 60
■ Youths' Suits, newest designs in
plaids, really handsome garments, $4 50
Others at $5 and $6. The best values for
■wear ever offered.
Our tremendous stock offers exceptional
chance for selection.
IDOLPBMOEffILI);
1316 Market Street.
Opposite Seventh St. Open Evenings.
I Men Made Over!
Any man suffering from the effects of (g)
follies and excesses - restored to perfect 0
health, manhood, ami vigor. Night losses, (5)
drains and emissions cease at once. The /2»
Errors of Youth, Premature Decline. Lost JS
Manhood, and all Diseases and Weak- •£(
nesses of Man, from whatever cause, W
permanently and privately cured. ®
SMALL, WEAK PARTS ENLARGED . ®
AND DEVELOPED. ®
FREE e^: I
Ourxegular $3.00 package Paris Vital ®
Sparks, a full month's treatment, 100 ®
■tow sent Free for a few days only an
Mailed closely sealed.- Cut this out. It S(
only Bppears once. Write note, to-day. X
THE DR. ARCHAMBATJLT CO-.Vept. 3" '£>
Boston, Mass., U.S. A.- ■ ■ - ®
No C. 0. D. or Prescription Fraud. I
/T~il|v --Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
aSflnl''"^ Ii KAU.W ST. Established
WTit*r*ni in I*Z>4 for the treatment of Private
MLUfkPiA l>lsee.:s's. Lost Manhood. Debility or
- ftSliSSK^^ disease wearing on bodyandmlndand
- 'fcSSwlißsrg Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
■JtHMPMi 0 " 1 " 3 *1 1 ' Try him. Charges low.
«Nvi3hK2El< urr«K »iunii-rd. Callorwrlte.
Dr. J. V. uIUHOIi. Bos l«37.Saa Francl£c*
1314
TURFMAN BURKE
AGAIN IN LUCK
His Mare Thelma Placed
Second by the Oakland
Judges.
A Miscellaneous Lot of Horses
Started and the Picking
Was Hard.
Mystic Maz3 Neglected at Odds of 15
to I— Sea Spray Took the Last
Race at Olds of 30 to 1.
J. Naglee Burke of San Jose is a Incky,
very Incky, turfman, that is In his racing
enterprises at the Oakland track. On
Monday, when the people who backed his
mare Cadenza to get the place in the first
event ana yaw the 100 to 1 shot Examiner
beat her out, many began tearing up
their pabieboards. A timely warning and
a second glance at the numbers hoisted
disclosed ihe fact that Cadenza had been
given second position. This is but the
opening chapter in this fortunate turf
man's ventures, and it is safe to predict
that if he were to hang up his stocking*
on Christmas eve Santa Claus wouid be
come groggy about the time he reached
Mr. Burkes bouse and deposit his einire
load of presents therein.
The last race on the card yesterday was
a six and a half furlong dash and Mr.
Burke started Thelma, who at one time in
the betting was as pood as 20 to 1, which
price a steady play caused to be cut to 10
to 1. Sea Spray, a 30 to 1 chance, and
Tampa, another outsider, fought it out at
the tiniSM, tne former being given the de
cision. To those spectators iv close prox
imity to the wire who have not b en com
pelled to visit an optician and have their
vision examined for any astigmatical
defects, it looked as though Thelma was
not among the ri;st three When the
numbers were run up, though, she was
placed third. It will be remembered by
race-goers that owner Burkes horse Belli
coso was once beaten by Quirt at the old
Bay District track, but his rabbit foot, for
be must carry one, stood him in good
need; Bellicoso got the decision.
The complaints about Oakland track
have been varions and many, and despite
the liberal distribution of complimentary
tickets the management will find the at
tendance dwindling away unless the pub
lic in general is accorded more considera
tion. It is the masses in jreiieral that
support a racetrack,, not millionaires.
The track yesterday whs still a trifle
heavy, and slow time marked most of tv«
events. Favorites were twice past the
wire first, the other events going to rank
outsiders.
For the opening maiden race for two
year-olds at six furlongs Valdos and Play
Boy both opened at threes in the betting.
Val<ios w?nt io sixe-, while the brother to
Johnny McHaie was piaycd down to 2%
to L Ip a drive Marcie A, the seconu
choice, beat Valdos a neck on the wire.
Play Boy was too slow to get into his
stride.
Every one of the eight starters in the
next race, which was a continuation of
the opening event, received more or less
support. Athens and Dutch Valet both
closed^at 3to 1 in the final betting. When
the result looked problematical at the six
teenth pole irom home. Spence brought
the 15 to 1 shot Mystic Maze along on the
outside and nipped the race from Jay
Wheeler by a head. Defender was a good
third.
Howard S was a 3 to 5 chance for the
seven-furlong two-year-old run, and many
pounds the best, finally won by tbree
part^ of a length from Horatio. Gardner
handled the winner very poorly.
The Cambridge stable Roy del Jtsandido3
captured the mile and a quarter run, after
trailing along in la?t posi ion and being
cut off a coup eof times. At the finish,
starting an even-money choice, he dis
posed of Burrnah, a 50 to 1 outsider, very
handily. The second choice Can't Dance
was unplaced.
The last race was over six and a half
furlongs, ana Major Coor was a 2 to 1 favo
r te. He did not finish among the first
three. Sea Spray was placed first, Thelma
second ana Tampa third.
Following are the entries for to-day's
running events:
r irst race, five-eighths oi a mile, selling—
250 Pastime 113, Sister Bpatrice 100, 266 Per
haps 119. 246 V F 107, 255 America 123. Aba
lanzar 112, 185 Mount Roy 123, Lindendaie
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB. Oakland Racetrrck.
ty -third day of the winter meeting. Weather fine.
Tuesday, December 22, 1896. Twen>
Track good.
nyi FIRST RACE— Three-quarters of a mile; two year-old m
ildens; purse (300.
Index. Horse, age, weight. ! St. 14 Va % Str.
256 Ixarcie A. 2 ICO! 3 3b lh lh
2*6 :V;.idos, 2 110J 1 4h 42 6
148 Chendah, 2 105 i 8 71 8a 4
256|Drt*apo, 2 lUuj 6 5 1 6 1 8
153 Wenoma, 2 110 4 2h 22 2
I Play Boy, 2 1 0 9 6Vi 5b 7
253 Moscow, 2 118 2 lh 3 h .6
Lucky Tuck, 2...11X 1 10 910 10 20 '9
240 M.-.rv Tobin. 2....110 5 84 94 8
103 Utica. 2 110 7 30 7h 10
Autocrat. 2 130| 11 11 11 11
I .'Betel nf.
Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
1 % H. Martin ~s^ 72
2'i Freeman 4 6
it 3 Spencer.. 20 50
4 3 Dennison.. 10 '7
63 Gilbert.... 10 8
6h E. Jones. 3 6-2
7 a Gardiner ...... 4 10
8 4 McDonald 10 50
9 10 Krawley... 10 50
1020 Shaw 10 50
11;.- Powell ..... 20 100
Perfect start. Won handi'y. Winner, B. Cay;
or-t^ BLUOND K ACE— Three- fourths of a mile;
anaaeli's eh. f.,
; two-year-old r
ly St. Carlo-Floisie. Tlm<, 1:17%.
alcens; purse *300.
Index.' Horse, weight. j St.] 14 Vi
256 Mystic Maze 108 5 6 1
260 Jay Wheeler. ]10| 6 72
287 ;Dc-rer:der. 1081 3 11
•/;>t> Atticus. 108 7 Hh
2 .6 : Dutch Valet US 4 5V4
237 Tryst 110, 2 4h
288 Vivo 113' 1 2b
2.-6 JamesF.Dunne.llo! 8 8
'A .' Str.
6 10 6
5 y, 3 h
lh 11
32 5 h
7 2h
4h 4 1
2h 7
8 8
Betting.
Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
I}h Spencer 10 ■16
2 2 Freeman ...... 3 3
3 3 McDonald ..'... 10 10
42 ■ 5haw..........;. 3 6-»
5 1 W.Martin:..... 1 5-2 3
6 2 Burllngame I 10 5
720 C0a1y:.,.. I 12 12
8 Ames. :.„..;... 160 100
Good start.
Time, 1:181,4-
Won driving.
Winner, J. A. Bell & Co.'s blfc. c, by Take Notice-False Queen.
270 THIRD RACK— of a mile; two-year-olds; purse 9 400.
Index. Horn*-, welcht. 8U 14 % % Sir. fin. Jockey. Op. a.
197 H0ward5.... ....110 3 4 4 4 3b 11~ OaVdner ....1-2 7-10
257 Horatio. 110 1 12 IJ£ In 12 2h Shaw . 3 4
(240) Nonchalance.. 112 4 Sb 3h 3h 4 315 W. Martin ' 12 12
2*6 I Adam Andrew. ..103 2. 2 1 2 2 2 1 2Vg 4 Jones ..' : . 8 9-2
Good start.
1:30.
Won handily.
Winner, J. H. Bbie d's br. c., by Imp. Whistle Jackei-Zelica. Time,
FOUKTH|KAOt— One and a quarter miles; selling; purse $350.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. l Std. Vi % %
236. Rydl Baudidos,S.loßj 2 8 7h 7 3 5 n
(249) Burmab, 4. IIP 4 3 1 13 1/, 314 21
261 Pollock, 3. ...... .100 823 21 I\£ 14
V 47 I Artlcun, 6... ...... 107 641 42 4h 7
•Mb I Little Bob, 4 .....102 16 15 1/™ 6h 4h
253 Navy Blue, 4.. ...106 3 718 ' 8 8
262 Billy McClosky.S. 981 7 In In 21 3h
262 Can't Dance. 3.109 y g . 6616 I 8^ 6h
- . Betl
Btr. Fin. , Jocfcey. , Op.
2% 11% C0ady........ ...... 6-5
4h 2Vi Thorpe „..;.■....... 15 '
18 3 1 slaughter 16
32. 43 5hepard..... ....... 12
[5 2 5 6 H. Martin ....... 8~
H 6 1 5pencer...;........ 20
•< h 7 3 Krawley ...;....... 60
7 h 8 ■ W. Martin......... 2 :
Btr. Fin.
Jocfcey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
■tins-
n.
1
60
20
10
10
30
: 100
- 3
<'Ood start. Won easi.y.
lime, 2:10^.
Winuer, Cambridge stable's eh. c, by imp. True Brlton-Kmma Col Her.
OyPl FIKI H KACE— Three-sixteenths of * mile; seliint ; purse f4OO.
Ind. Horse, ace, weight.
at
V*
Betting.
On. Cl.
B ,i
Rtr.
Fin.
.Jocker-
-8 Sea Spray. 4 90 6 4 1 4 2
248 Thelnua, 6 ... 99 8 76 8h
284 Tampa, a 96| 6 2 2 2 h
(25*) Major Cook. 4.... 99130 8% 74
.t>4 Kowalsky, 3 92 7 51 62
(■•.6»)ißeddi!i£t»ii, 3.... 99 9 6h 6 3
215 it-anMarco, 3 97 2 104 10 y%
260 Jack HichMieu, a- H7 1 9% 9b
Lady «ir«y. 3 94 11 11 12
Faro. 5 102< 4 3b 11
19; Fly, 5 109 3 11 lb
lodine, a 99 12j 12 32
7
51
21
6 2
41
31
8
9
11
12
lh
10
1 h lion.-;..'. .....;.
ah n ilson ;.;....
3h Mitchell ........
*Va Clawson ........
5% Thompson...;..
.6 2 • H. Martin......
7 I l-rawiey
8 Spencer. :.......'
9 Wood-.......;..
Hi (G. wjison....:..
11 5haw............
12 5tipe............
20
12
20
6-2
5
1
30
50
100
n;o
30
100
25
10
40
2
4
20
80
200
200
60
200
Perfect start.
Won driving-
Winner, P. Siebenthuler's b. g., by Mariner-Marinetu,
Time, 1:22.
% :■'-. ■
100, 154 Iron Jacket 113, 266 Bernard 100,
Flambeauetta 100, 180 Joe Hill 123.
Second race, three-quarters of a mile, purse —;
246 Destra 107, 246 Roselie 107, 254 D. J. To
bin 107. (256) Manzanillo 107. (246) EuaH
107, 240 Sly 102. 242 Emelia S 107 263 Rey
del Tierra 110, 268 Torpedo 110, (250) Sonlro
107.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell
ing—27o Meadow Lurk 100, 262 Schnitz 114,
269 Judge Denny 100, 259 Two Cheers 106,
262 Doctor G 100, 264 Earl Cochran 97, (261)
Cameiiß 102.
Fourth race, one mile—Miss Ruth 104. 263
Loben_ula 102, (263) Osric II 87, (204) Alvar
ado 102, 254 Tempestuous 84, 190 Cabrillo
107, (237) Arezzo 87.
Fifth race, hurdle, one and a half miles,
hnndicap—26s Relampago 125. 99 Arundel
130, 269 Ad SDreclcels 130, 265 Huntsman 135,
198 Hello 135, 265 Three Forks 145. ,
Sixth race, selling, five-eighths of a mile—
Let Me See 109, Mollie A 113, 164 Sir Richard
126, 264 Yemen 123, Tim Murphy 123,199
Montgomery 119, Classls 109, 119 Rose Clark
123, Latah 110. 216 Quicksilver 126, 234 Good
Times 110, 252 Howard 123.
■ ..
Jockey Club Stake Races.
The California Jockey Club announces
the weights for the two stake races which
will be decided on Friday and Saturday:
The Palo Alto handicap, to be rue Friday,
December 25, 1896, a handicap for two-year
olds (foals of Entrance $10; $25 addi
tional for horses not declared by lime of clos
ing entries the day preceding the race; the
California Jockey Club to guarantee the value
of the stake to be $1250, of which $200 to sec
ond and $100 to third; weights to be an
nounced three days prior to the race; winners
alter the weights are announced to carry five
pounds extra; six furlongs—Casper llo.Cande
laria 114, B<_ W 104. Shasta Water 108, King
street 106. Partheniax 106, Fig Leaf 106, Alta
max 95, chenille 96, scar; Pin 112, Tempestu
ous 100, Rey del Tierra 105, True Blue 106,
Horatio 108, Bohemian Lass 90, Scotch Rose
105, Fleur de Lis 112, Grayhnrst 108, The Ro
man 110, Dutch Vaiet 95, Queen Nubia 95,
Fiamelia 95, Defender 95, M. Clicquot 90, In
vestigator 111 90, straggler 90, Grandezia 87,
Arrezzo 105, Yama 100. Dunboy 116, Joe
Maxim 90, Mldlight 112, Basquili 85,Piay Boy
85, Norah N 85, Dura 98, Dolore 98, Dolce 80.
Destra 90, Howard 8 118, Aquinns 115, Loulou
R 90, Lincoln II 105, Estaca 100, Eleotrizar
100, Jim Blackburn 90.
The Baldwin Hotel handicap, to be run Sat
urday, December 26, a handicap for all ages-
Entrance $10; $25 additional for horses not
declared by time of closing entries the day
preceding the race; the California Jockey !
Club to guarantee the value of the stake to be
$1500, of which $250 to second and $150 to
third horse; weights to be announced' four
days prior to the race; winners after weights
are announced to carry five pounds extra; one
mile—Sweet Favordale 100, Mt. McGregor II
115, Casper 90, Candelarin 90. Kingslreet 90,
General Arthur 85, B & W 87, Altamax 87, Sal
isbury II 107, Libertine 115, Won't Dance 102,
Indio9o. Red-kin 108, Caliiornia 95. Buckwa
109, Applause 100, Yankee Doodle 100, Scarf
Pin 90, Abalanzar 85. Preston 118, Captive
115, Salable 108, Damien 103, Trappean 100,
Vinctor-116, Installator 106, Peter the Second
95, Nebuchadnezzar 100, Instigator 90, Una
Colorado 95, Investigator 111 85, Wheel
of Fortune 112, Grannan 105, Thornhill 100,
Johnny MoHale 97, Assignee 110, Merry Mon
arch 98, Lobengula 100, Sir Play 108, Strath
m«ath 102, Walter J 96. Cash Day 112, Caesar
ian 107, Sister Mary 107, Lucky Dog 102, St. j
Lee 100, All Over 100, Service 100. Crescendo
105, Dura 85, Dolore 85, Salvation 107, Senator
Grady 110. Ruinart 108, Don Carillo 100,
Aquinas 93, Logan 100, Ramiro 110, Arapahoe
105, Argenina 105, Cabrillo 100, Gratify 86.
Rules for Ragister.ne Hors?s.
For the information of owners of un
registered horses the following copy of
rule 23 of the American racing rules, call
ing especial attent on to the clause relating
to horseu foaled since January 1, 1892, will
be of interest:
In order to provide for the Identification of
every race-horse and to secure the proper cer
tification of its pedigree, it must be registered
with and in tne otnee of the American Stud
B ,ok. in the city ot New Yorn, by giving its
name, if ai:y, its sex, color and distinguishing
marks, with the name, if any, aud pedigree oi
both its sire and dam. If t Lie dam was cov
ered by more than one stallion, each must be
given and io the order of servire. Only horses
tire eligible for registry or certification of pedi
gree under this ru.e which havu either five uu
comaminated ihoroughbred crosses, or which
authentically irace only th'ouijh and to ani
mals duly recorded in the first five volumes of
the American Stud Book or in a recognized
stud book of another country.
A claim for a name may also be made to the
secretary of the course where a horse first
runs, provided ihe claim, with all registration
fees, is at the same time forwarded to the Stud
Book for proper record. No name shall be
registered, unless with a designating numeral,
if trie same has been theretofore <luly recorded
in the Stud Book lor any other animal ioaled
within six years then preceding.
No hor-.e fosil^d iv tne United States since
Janur.ry 1, 1892, and no ioreigu-bred horse
imported since mat date, shall be allowed to
start in any flat race unless ttiey have been
named and registered as by this rule provided.
NOT MERRY CHRISTMAS
Two Little Children Deserted and
Homeless in the Holiday Season.
Jesse and Sallie Wright, aged respec
tively 7 and 6 years, found themselves on
the edge of the Cur.strnas season homeless
and deserted by both parents. Their
father went away to Texas some time
a^o. Their mother left, and soon after an
uncle took them and cared tor them as
long as he could. Being poor he could do
no more for them. Their grandmother
looked out for thfin, also, for a spell, as
long as she could. Yesterday, within
three days of Christmas, they were hotue
iess and the Society lor ihe Prevention of
Cruelty to Children sent them to the in
stitution maintained by the Lades' Protec
tion and Relief Society. Secretary Welsh
acted the part of Santa Ciaus in this.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
REGENTS WANT
A WATCH KEPT
Would Have Affiliated
Colleges Daily In
spected.
Astronomy Courses for Berkeley
With Mt. Hamilton
Professors.
Degrees Conferred Upon a Number
of Students— Other University
Matters.
The Board of Regents of the University
of California met yesterday afternoon at
the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. Two
matters of more importance than others
occupied their attention. One was what
they agreed is an advisable course— the
employment, but with no funds available,
of a superintendent to keep a careful
watch on the construction of the Affiliated
Colleges building. The other was a move
to make the work and reputation of Lick
Observatory more of a recognized part of
the acl ievements of the University ot Cal
ifornia. This would be accomplished by
making the observatory staff of astrono
mers nominally professors in certain of
the college faculties. At the same time
undergraduate courses in astronomy
wouid be provided at Berkeley and special
graduate course* at Mount Hamilton.
Upon the previous recommendation of
the faculty at Berkeley the regents con
ferred the following deeroesupon students
having qualified for them at tiiis time:
Doctor, of Philosophy— William Sidney San
gier Smith, jB.L., oi Berkeley.
Master of Science— Walter Charles Blasdale,
1 8.5., of Berkeley.
Master of Arts— James Turney Allen, A.B.
(Pomona College), of Berkeley; K. Lyman
Hood, B.D. (Yale University), of Berkeley.
Bachelor of Philosophy— Edgar Myer Wolf
Dinkelspiel of San Francisco, Anna Genevieve
Duffy of San Franci?co, Elizabeth Florence
Gray of Oakland, Joseph Warihams Hume of
Berkeley, Leslie Roberts of Berkeley.
Bachelor of Science— Catherine Engelhardt
of Oakland, Louis Tunis Merwin of Oakland,
William C Voor6anrer of San Francisco.
Bachelor ot" Arts— Robert Eastman Easton of
Berkeley, Arthur Wellington Grh.y of San
Francisco, Amanda Krenz of San Francisco.
The decision of the board in the matter
of the Lcit Observatory and proposed in
struction in astronomy is, when reduced
from a long resolution, briefly this:
All undergraduate instruction in astronomy
and such graduate instruction therein us
shall not bo carried on at the Lick Observa
tory shah be placed :n charge of the iui.ult.es
of tne prooer colleges at Berkeley, oi which
facilities the Lick astronomers shall :>e mem
bers. The president oi the university shall
make arrangements for these astronomers to
lecture at Berkeley, and their actual travel
ing expenses on. these lecturing trips shall be
paid by the university.
A committee ciMisisiing of the president of
the university, the iiiroc.or of the observa
;ory, Astronomers Schaeberle, Hussey, C imp
bel , Tucker, Culton, Proiussors Soule, btriug
ham and Siiid.'. and Assistant Professor
Luscbuer, shall meet to consider aud suggest
the several colleges io the fmuliies to which
the Lick astronomical staff shall be added,
and to prepare a detailed plan lor the under
graduate and graduate courses in astronomy
to be submitted to the academic council as
soon as practicable.
Regent Martin recommended to the
Board oi Regents the appointment of a
superintendent of building during the
construction of the proposed Affiliated
Coilrges, money for his services being
provided by substituting painted galvan
ized iron cornices for terra cotta. at a
saving of $5044 in the originally estimated
cost of construction. This led to a spirited
discussion as to the suitability of eai
v.inized iron in this climate and the ad
visability of substituting an inferior ma
terial fur terra cotta. But it seemed the
only available plan to provide the money
necessary for a salary sufficient to obtain
a valuable inspector who could be relied
upon zealously to guard the State's in
terests. Martin claimed that painted gal
vanizf-d iron would ia:-t fifty years.
It would be used only in the ornamental
cornices and could, if necessary, be re
newed. Recent Hallidie proved an ex
pert on the corrosible cower of salt air and
flying sand upon ga.vanized iron, and
through his testimony galvanized iron
10-t by one vole.
Mar'in then warned the board of the
immense responsibility of letting the
building progress un watched and Inter
having an investigating tommitteo
from the Legislature come down and
gladly find flaws in it. He cited the un
happy experience the boar.l had had years
ago when North Hall at Berkeley was com
pleted and some one ripped a hole in a
ceiling the night before ■ vindictive com
mittee came from Sacramento, inspected
and declared the building was tumbling
down. He wanted no repetition of that
subsequent harassing c- j.erience. and be
would be perfectly willing to resign as
chairman of the grounds and building
committee.
Better counsels prevailed, however, and
all agreed to the n <e>sity.of having a
superintendent and Regent Budd moved
to refer the wnole matter to the chairmen
of the committees on grounds and build
ings and ways and means, that they
might devise ways and means for paying
an inspector of construction.
In addition to muck loutine business
some ot ier matters were attended to. An
engrossed message of congratulation, in
gold letters upon a blue- griun.i, was or
dered sent to the aged Professor Le Crnie
upon the occasion oi the cc ebratioti of li s
golden wedding. A uiemoi.al and bio
eraphical ske'cli of the late secretary of
the university, Dr. Bonte, was ordered
spread upon uw records.
The matter of goodly fees for the archi
tects of the Affiliated Colleges buildings
was referred to the proper committee
with power to act. Steps were suggested
for a Farmers' Institute at San Luis
Obispo again next year and under the in
struction of Berkeley professors.
A requested appropriation of $1200 to
remove the present carpenter's shop at
Berkeley and provide a place for instruc
tion in forgin., plumbing and carpenter
inp was laid over, together with a sug
gestion of the propriety of providing work
for needy students at Berkeley.
The next meuting will be held on the
second Tuesday in January.
HOTTLES ARE PROTECTED.
Hermann Luttuiau Fails to Get a Writ
of Habeas Corpus.
The Supreme Court evidently is of the
opinion that the State law to protect the
owners of bottles is constitutional. Her
mann Lottrnan has been the person to test
the law, setting up in an application for a
writ of habeas corpus that the Jaw is un
constitutional. Lottman was sentenced
by a Police Judge in this City lor violat
ing the law.
The complaint set forth that Lottman
bought, sold, trafficked in and tilled twelve
bottles with milk, the bottles having
blown into their sides the words, "San
Pedro Farm, Sloan & Co., 519 California
street, San Francisco." Ttiese words were
held by Sloan & Co. to be their trade
mark and iurnisned evidence that the
trademark had Deen filed and advertised
as rrquired by law.
Lo trnan contended that the words were
insufficient to constitute a trademark
such as the Civil Code of the State pro
tects, and that therefore the Legislature
exceeded its authority in making such an
act as Lottman had committed a roisdo
rri' anor; also that the act was in restraint
of trade and oppressive.
Justice Beatty denied the writ and dis
posed of the matter in a very few words,
which were as follows: "No sufficient
cause appearing herein for the issuance of
the writ, the application is denied."
CELESTIALS MADE GLAD.
Santa Claim Appears at the Christinas
ISxercises of the Chinese Presby
terian Church.
The Christmas exercises of the Chinese
Presbyterian church and schools, held
last night at the Chinese Presbyterian
church, 911 Stockton street, was an enjoy
able affair.
The exercises were under the super
vision of Rev. L M. Condit, D.D., the
pastor, and efficient assistance was ren
dered by the ladies of the Chinese Presby
terian Mission. The following is the
programme:
Prayer in Chinese by the pastor; song,
"Mi-rry Bells," younger girls of the home; re
citation, "Th> Silver Plate," Bennie UonYee;
song, "Jolly Old St. Nicholas," Occidental
School; anthem, Ah Ying, Yuen Qui, Ah Seen,
Woon Ts'un; recitation, "A Note to Santa
Claus," ring Bo; song, "The Little Manger,"
babies of the home; recitation, "An Old
Roundsman"s Tale," Charlie Oo: recitation,
"Santa Claus," Ah On; double quartet, "The
Shepherds at the Manger," Lou vVoy, Louie
Hin, L;e Toy, Jung Guy, I>r. Lamb, Ea
gar Toy Seen, Charlie Joe, Edear Lamb
Sing; address, Rev. Soo Hoo Nam Art;
Recitation, "Bethlehem," Teen Fook; even
ing prayer, little girls of Occidental School;
recitaiion, '-Willies and Annie's Prayer," Wil
lie Chuen; "Do You Truly Know," Ah Lon,
Isabella, Foon Ying, Teen Fook; "Pearl's Lul
liiby," Liiv Ty; recitation, "Seeing Things at
Night." Wing Hing; song, "Beating Eigs,"
babies of the home; recitatioa, "Marjorie
White," Etta Lee; recitation, "The Naughty
Rab.it," three little rabbit:-; song, "Jolly
Boys," children of the Loo mis School.
At the conclusion of the programme
Santa Claus entered in all his glory. Hi*
debut whs the occasion of great rejoicing
among the little fellows.
CHRISTMAS FESTIVAL.
That of the Lutheran Church of the
Holy Spirit To-Night.
A Christmas-tree festival will be cele
brated at the Lutheran Church of the
Holy Spirit, 2127 Jackson street, near Bu
chanan, Oliver C. Miiler pastor, this
evening at 7:45 o'clock.
There will be songs and recitations by
the children* short addresses by P. A.
Fisher of San Anselmo Tneoloeical Semi
nary, Miss Anna Wiebalk, Mrs. Nellie
Biessine Eyster and the past r; singing
by Mrs. Charles W. Spalding and her sit
ter*, the Missps Collison, followed by dis
tribution of gifts.
On Christmas morning the service will
be held at 11 o'clock, when a sermon will
be preached by the pastor on the subject
"The Pentecostal Christmas " There
will be a children's sermon at 7 P. m., and
at 7:45 P. m. addresses by Key. Charles Me-
Kelvey, superintendent of the Crocker
Old People.-. Home, Miss Nellie Bies-^ing
Eyster and the pastor. A cordial invita
tion is extended to all. There will be no
admission fee charged to the Christmas
tree service, but voluntary offerings for
the benefit cf the school will be welcome.
Sale of Stanlord Keal Estate.
Judge Coffey yesterday signed an order con
firming the action of Mrs. Jane L.Stanford,
executrix of the estate of the late Lcland Stan
ford, in disposing of certain real property at
private sale. The property is described as lot
8. in block bounded t.v M and N, Eighth and
Ninth streets, in thecitvof Sacramento. The
purchaser is F. B. Sutliff and the price secured
is $4500.
« » ■»
A LJttrary Treat.
Get a Christmas Isews Letter: 15 cents
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
TlO Market street,' open until 12 o'clock every
Blßti! in the year. :.. . ,-..-.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery »U— *■
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
6W. corner HixteenUi and Mission streets, «pa»
■mil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
>OXJC_ «>t ___X_K<U».
f^-S> MISSION LODGE NO. 16a F. _
•— ' and a. M— Called meeting THIS JS\
(WNDNj-SDAY) EVENING hi T:;S(llK''3f
o'clock. Second degree. By order of the /V\
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, Sec.
Gt^-' ANNUAL Al KETING— THE REGULAR
»— 7 annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Him Dum Chief Mining Company will be held at
the office of the company, room 3 in the Ho-
bart building. 532 Market st. San Francisco. Cal.,
on SAI UUDA V, the _d nay ot January, 1897, at
the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for the purpose of
electing a board of • directors to serve during the
eiiMilnif year and the transaction of such other
business as may come lefore the meeting.
' .11. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
Office— Room 3 in the Hobart building, 632 Mar-
ket St., San Francisco. Cal. ■ .
Es= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
m*-& annual meting of the stockholders of La
< andelaria Mi. -.in; Company win held a tlie of-
fice of tb" company 5!)0 California st, room 60, San
Francis* (1, Cal, on SATURDAY, December 26.
189:5, at the hour of 2 o'clock, p.m., for ibe pur-
pose of electing a board of trustees to serve for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such other
business as may come before the raeetl.ig.
GEORGE A. HILi- Secretary.
Office— 63o California st, room 60, San Fran-
" Cisco, Cal. - . .• .
M'KtlAl. NOTICES.
9tr_S» NOTICE— DIPHTHERIA STILL PEE-
fit— »" vailing in the city, no visitor will be admit-
ted to the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum on . Christmas day. ''Friends' day" will
not lie observed for the present, or until the ma-
laria has pasted. By order. "
- ■ ' -. M. P. M A CCRELLISH, Secretary.
H__S=* INDIA OPIUM CURE FOR $26: PER-
a^JS", fectly harmless; ladies treated at home. B.
D. KIMMIS, 916 Market st., Columbian Building.
SC_?.GAS F7XiUKE.-» MADE TO ORDER;
«f—^ cheapest pla c In the city. H. HUFr
SCHMIDT, 623 olden 1; ate aye. . .
Jt.-gr" BAD TENANI ■> kjECTKI) FOR 94:
' *—^ collections m:ui». cltr or country. Panlflo
tollfriio;! Co.. 41. i ilontcrr si./ room 6. t«l. SSSO.
I>lVl^>K^D NOTICKS.
_rT_J» DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
«»-» 9 Loiin Society, 101 Montgomery st, cor.
ter. For the half ye«r ending December 31. 1895,
a dividend has been declared at the rate of lour
and two-tenths (4 2-10) per cent per annnm on
term deposits and- three and one-half (3%) per
cent per annum on nary deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday. January 2, 1897.
Dividends Dot called for are added to and bear the
same rate of dividend as the. , principal from and
after January _, 1897.' .-•.-;<>;^
," CYKUS W. CARMANY. Cashier.
|t_gf» DIVIDEND ■•NOTICE— THK GERMAN
»-* ? Bavir and : Loan Society, 626 California
stree 1 . For the half jenrendlDg December 31.
18P6, a dividend has been declared at the rate of
four and twenty-six hundredths, (4 26-100) per
cent, per annum on' term deposits and three and
fifty-five, hundredths (3 65-100) per cent, per an-
num on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Saturday, mary 2. 1897. :
;,..-,' ' • -• ■ -- '. GEo. TuUKNY. Secretary.
SE-'W DIVIDEND :..OT,CK- MUTUAL BAY-
*-*' ings Bank of San Fran, isc •, 33 Post st— For
the half ear ending Dec 31, 1893, adividend has
been dec-lined at the rate or four (4) per c«ut per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3.38V_) cent per annum on ordinary deposits,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATURDAY.
Jan. 2, 1897. GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier. .
Bp2;,=» * DIVIDEND NOTI SAN FRANCIS-
B— *■ ■co Savings Union, 6: 2 California street, cor-
ner Webb. Tor the half ear ending with the 31*t
of December. 189 >, a dividend has been declared
at the rate per annum of four and two-tenths (4.2)
per cent on term deposits ana three and rive-tenths
. (3.6) per cent on ordinary d-pos free of taxes,
payable on and after Saturday, January 2, 1897.
'-•'■ ■■•■•■ * : " "-.-.■'■'.•■: •■LOVE L WIIITK. ( ashler.
IslTlAliO.Ns : M AISTJiI>— Jf'JEMA-iK. ' : -'.-
A MERICAN LADY, first -cla ss , COOK
-X for restaurant or hotel, desires a place. MRS.
DADAMl..3l3!Sutterst t ' •
A CCOMPLISHED YOUNG LADY WOULD
-»• like a housekeeper's position In bachelor's or
widower's home. Room 2, -23 Post st. '
REFINED LADY WOULD LIKE POSITION
as managing housekeeper. Address 8 Mason
St., room 3. MHWBBBMB-RHBH BMB ■ BHHBfSSSt'
OSHTON wanted by A thoroughly:
competent and experienced housekeeper, with
good reference.' Inquire 11 1 1 Suiter st - '
ELIABLK - HARD-WORKING ;W OMAN
At wants work by the day. scrubbing,' cooking or
washing or any housework, j 439 Minna st. • •-• .
viiunu lady - wish" s position to do
,1 second- work and sewing <in private family:
best ! reierences. Address A. T., Young Women's
Christian Association, 1221 O'Farre 1 su'v . N ;
WELL- EXPERIENCED . LADY'S NURSE
seeks a position. ■ 561 Minna st, downstairs.
C; SITUATIONS WANTED- CoTitfnnwd.
\7OUNG LADY HA VI G KNOWLEDGE OF
I shorthand,;" typewriting and . bookkeeping
seeks posit I n; wlillnir to make herself general y
useful. Address C. G., P. O. box 184. San Leandro.
YOUNG W . 1 >OW OF EXPERIENCE DE-
-1 -ire.> a posl len as working housekeeper for
widower or in lodging-house.' Call after 12, room
9, 472 s<ievenson St., corner Hxth. . .
yoi ; >*« L • DV, GRADUATK OF GERMAN
X conserva ory, wou d like room a.d boar 1 In
exchange f r piano lessons: references. Address
Teacher, box luti, Call Office.
yOCINI* WOMAN OF GOOD FAMILY, EDU-
-1 ca ed and accomplished, desires position: can
rill any station, and would go anywhere. Address
Necessity, 1 ox 44, Call Office. :
yOU.\O >WEDI-H GIRL WOULD LIKE
X situation for doing general housework; refer-
ences. Chll or address 1031 Minna st. ' '
S~WEDIsH WANTS SITUATION TO DO
0 general housework; good cook. Address 1395
Twel.thst, akland.
OUNG GERMAN WIDOW WHO CAN
wash, iron, cook, wants a position. 213 Perry.
U\ THOSE SOLITAIRE i lA. EARRINGS,'
$180, north $400. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
pKRMA.S WOMAN WANTS ANY i ND OF
AX work by the day or hour; washing, cleaning
or cooking. F., box 120, Call Office.
INGLE WOMAN; LIKE TO HAVE HOUSE-
Cieanlnst work by the day. 103 Eighth st., cor*
ncr Mission.
\MPU.Mi GERMAN WID DESIRES POSI-
L tlon as wnrkl i g housekeeper for widower or
bachelor. 106 Four, st, room _. '
I MaKEk, GO>-D CUT AND FIT, BY
XI the day, 75c. 103 Eighth at, corner Mission.
"V OUNG GERMAN LADY WANTS POSITION
1 as housekeeper. Call or address 112 Taylor St.,
room 14.
A MJSRICAN NURSE, EXPERIENCED,
XV wants care of invalid; low wages; medical ref-
ences. 1630 Eddy st. .
OTHER AM) DAUGHTER WANT POSl-
tion in rlrst-ciass hotel; city or country. _. S.,
box 119,' (.all office.
ADYOF SUPERIOR ABILITY, TEACHING
J shorthand (Pitman), desires engagement: city
or country. L. 8., oox 119. Call Office.
ANTED— S, WING OF ANY KIND; GEN-
tlemen mending, etc.; children's work a
specialty. Addiess it. 8., box 3, call office.
PLAIN S_\V~ING OF ANY KIND DONE;
J- workingmen's shirts a specialty. 249 Filth st,
Mat 2. , i
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER IN WIDOW-
X er's home by respectable American lady; must
b- children; city or Oakland. W., i.ox 94, Call.
f.ESSMAKEK, FIRST CLASS. WOULD
like engagements by the day; city or country.
7.6 ■ arklnst. >.' " '
YOUNG WIDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES
X position as housekeeper for. widower or bach-
elor. Room 4, 1 007 Market st.
INCtiE.-i 1 ER IiOUbK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
VI 50 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable.
!.r«-f- tus and bcirsrnep to fnd from the Jerry.
&ITLAXIONS ttAKT_D-M.ALK.
HUNTER A^ 'coT 'CH I N^SE^TniT^jXpA^
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 281. W.CYOUNG. mgt
/CHINESE <t JAPANESE: EST'D. 20 YKARB:
V>>help:tel.m-lii 1997. BRADLEY -CO., 640 Clay.
HINKSS AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
. office; best help. 414V 2 O'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
JAPAN_SKINiELLH._NC_; AiiENCV.it. 74
St Ann's bldg.. 6Kd.lv st : tel. Main 5234.
YOUNG MAN, SPEAKING FRENCH, GER-
X man and English, desires p'-sition as butler in
orivate family MRS. DADAMI, 313 Butterst
I?IRST-CLA*S BAIiTENDE WOULD LIKE
r work In country: tired of city; reference. J.
C. box 145, Call office.
\ OUNG AND SOBER MAN, SCANDINA-
X vian, would like a job In a wholeiale store of
any kind; is a good worker. Address R.THOM-
SON, 311 Main st. .
i TUANTKD-SIiUATION IN SOME WHOLE-
I » • *ale house, b- young married man. 32: best
of references. Address W. M., box 91, Call.
/"i OOD STEADY MAN WANTS A SITUATION
VJ on a ranch; wife to took for 2 or 3 men; 6
years' experience in fruit. Address 869 Mission st
\\J ANTED— SITUATION BY EXPERIENCED
* » gardener: understands care of horses. 1 Kim-
ball place, of? raniento st - ■
T~Y yoVRQ MAN, STEADY and SOBER, to
-I ' drive milk wagon in city or something similar.
Address R., box 91. Call.
I ICKNKED ENGINEER AND MACHINIST
Jj wishes employment: city or country first-
class recommendations; mining, marine or sta-
tionary. F. D., box 84, Call offl c,
OO STRONG t<< V FROM ALASKA, 18
years old, winti situation as Hporentlce to
baker. Address' A. A., box 72, Call Office.
■ UTCHER— YOUNG MAN WANTS A POSl-
tion: good meat-cutter. Address North Beach
Hotel, 400 Bay st.
BUY THAT 14-K. GOLD LADY'S WATCH;
$16, worth $40. Uncle Harris, 15 Gran. aye.
AN WITH RECOMMENDATION WISHES
a position as butler: city or country. Address
A. L. li., pox 85, this othce. :
CMP TE ENGINEER DE>IKES PO-
sltion: 15 years' exp ■• lence; high or low pres-
sore. H. I.OY, 217 Minna a:., S. F.
p KRMAN, Qt<OU KITCitEN MAN, WANTS
VJT work; clean place; no room. { German, 517
Howaid 8 .. room -1. ■..-.
W ANTED — POSITION AS FIRST COOK:
•» good city references If required. Address
Cook, box 46. Call Office. '.
GOOD- HOUSE- PAINTER, LONG TIME
without work, will work for $1 50 a day. Call
or address Painter. 711 California st, room 9.
SITUATION WANTED— BY GOOD BREAD
kJ and cake baker. Address J. ROBERTSON,
1036 V» Folsom.
BVRBER— SITUATION WANTED: FIRST-
Ciassman: city or country. Address D., box
7,1, thisotlice.
AN WANTS MANAGEMENT OF HOTEL,
clnb or institution: experience first class.
A. M.. box 20, this office.
EXPERIENCED BUTTER-MAKER, SKPA-
X- rator proves;, desires a situation. Address D.,
box 142, Call Office.
C~OOK WHO UNDERSTANDS BAKING
bread wants xltuatlon in the country. Address
1301 Santa Clara aye., .A lame, a. :■
(COMPETENT HOUSE-PAINTER AND
j paper-hanger, with tools, wants work by the
d»y or piece work; will work cheap. -Address
Painter, 272^ Clementina st
you.NG swede wants situation AS
X coachman and gardener: . is thoroughly compe-
tent and has first-class references. G. W., box 7,
Call Office, Oakland. \
WI.\UUKaT_K: WOUnK. 44 THIRD. NEAR
— Electric lights in . every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per nUh ■■..; $1 69 to $8 pec
week: iree bus t.rA b_<rca?» to and from the ferry.
IV— ALA— _ 1.i. . i WAN 1—1).
I^ST^cXA^i^W^Tfrß^SSr^tO^rELT^l^YT
$20; waitress, aim .work, hotel, city, 920:
waitress, _r<t-cl-ss house, > $20; waitress, $16.
C, R. HANt-KN <_ CO., 110 Geary st
ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL, NO WASH,
lj $20; younir girl, light housework, $16; cook
and help tend bakery, $15: young girls, assist
light housework. $10 and $15. C. R. _ANSEN<<_
CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITRESS— PLAIN HOTEL, NEAR CITY,
'• $15: 2 girls, same country hotel, one as wait-
ress, the other chambermaid and assist kitch
$15 each: 2 waitresses, me country hotel; cooks,
housework, ■ second glr.s. etc • MURRAY &
READY. Leadinz Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st - '...:' ; ,■
WOMAN, WITH A CHILD, ON RANCH. $10;
French second giri and laundress, city: Ger-
man governess; second girl, city: etc. MURK AY
& READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay at - . •
VTUR-E, $20: COOK, NO WASH, AMERICAN
XN family, $.-lJ: 2 waitresses, *25 and $5 a we-k;
2 boardin£-hou«e cooks, $-0 and $25, and«a large
number of girls for housework. J. F. CROSETT
<fc CO., 316 Sutler st.
COOK, O AK Da L $ 80; COOK, SAU-ALITO,
$25; Palo Alto, $25: 12 housework girls, city ,
$20 and 525. MISS CULLEN. 828 cutter st.
ERMAN WOMAN, WITH CHILDRKN, $10:
\y housekeeper, cook, . $35; nurse, $25; 2 wait-
resses, *15 each. ' MlfsS CULLKN, 323 Sutler st
ANcH COOK, $20. MISSCULLKN, 323 SUT-
Xt ters'. : . "-', :.", : '-■■■■-. .. '
GUOK, SMALL BOARDING-HOUSE, $20.
; MISS CULLEN,' 23 Slitter st .
DUNG CAT OLIC GIRL, LIGHT WORK;
$10. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -.
IRL, BAKER ST., $15; GIRL IN PHYSI-
- inn's family, $20; girl, San Carlos aye., $15;
girl. McAllister $20; girl, Eddy st, $20; girl,
Fifth si.. $15; girl. Howard st., $15; -girl, -nice
country liome, $iO: girl, Golden Gate aye., $15;
23 young gins, $8, $10 an t $12, per month, assist,
etc.. nice families: 9 German, 10 ; Swedish aud 3
Danish girls. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st
WAITRESS. CITY, $20 AND ROOM; 2 GIRLS
if'for chamberwork and waiting, Oakland, call
early; 3 girls, country hotel,'- $30 aud room: wait-
ress, choice . p ace, , city, $20 and . room: young
girl, ing-house $12 and ' room: girl to learn
w-itlng: waitress. $5 a 'week: 3 waitresses, $15
and room; woman cook, $25 and room: girl,
chamberrvork and wait some, $15. MARTIN'S,
749 Market st. ■ ■""■ : '-■;■ ..r.---. '■■■-.;.»-,
"Y OUNG WOMAN, CO< >K BiUKDiNG-HOC»_,
■t country. $30. R. T. WARD & CO., 610 Clay.
OOD GERMAN OK FOR SMALL FAM-
X lly; good wages. ; MRS. DADAMI. 313 Suiter.
Cl IRL WANTED BY COATMAKER. WEISS
IT 914 V. Kearny st
G~l OOD W' MAN FOR IIGHT HOUSEWORK
I plain cooking; 2in family. 764 Howard st. '
WANTED — YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT
honswork. % 1303 Golden Gate aye. ,
C STOM .PaNTS FINISHERS WANTED*
923'/_ Fo.som st ; all early. -J. - H EGEDKS."
Y'OU.NG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work Apply Immediately 508 fell B t,
ANTED - YOUNG GIRL TO-DO LIGHT
.» ''housework. and help take care of children-
wages $.0. Call from 12 to 2at 1U36 Shotwell st
WAN T_D — YOUNG -i GIRL TO WAIT AT
I table. > 530 Central aye. -. , \ . AT
H_XiP WANTED— Contfnned. .
WANTED— GIRL TO WASH NAP-
kins; wages $20. 517 Montgomery st.
ANTED — A GOOD GIRL FOR LIGHT
housework. Apply 866 Mission st
"I7XPERIKNCED APPRENTICE ON TAILOR-
X- ing. 317 Clementina st. upstairs.
/< IRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK. APPLY
LVT between 10 and 12 o'clock. 1206 Eddy st
B" Ty that FINE DIAMOND STUD; PRICK
$40: cost $100. Uncle Harris, 1 6 Gran; aye.
T/LYNN'S DRESSMAKING AND CUTTING
-T Academy, 14 McAllister st.: $1 a week.
T XT IHE PUBLIC BE NOT DECEIVED;
XJ the McDowell is the beat conducted and only
I exclusive dress-cutting school in the city: a visit
to our well-known academy will convince any
sane person of that fact; patterns cut to order, 25c,
including skirts; 2 week ssewinglessons free to all
enlerinjt this week. McDDOWELL DRESS-CUT-
TINu SCHOOL, 636 Market, opp. Palace.
"VTELLIE OLSEN— ANY INFORMATION IN
— regard to her will be thankfully received by
her brother, HARRY OLSKN, box 16, Call Office.
T AWRENCE CUT'IING SCHOOL IS THE
S-t only reliable place for patterns; every one
puaranteed to be perfect. 1231 Market st
ANTED- MJKN AND WOMEN TO LEARN*
barber trade: only & weeks ■ required; tools ;
given and caraiouua oeuu _. _'• __ru«r bcuool,
1515 Howard st. ' - .
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House, 44 Third st , near Market;
200 rooms: 25c to $150 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week: free 'bus and basgaga to and from ferry.
MAI,- HKL,? ANX_O.
■S^t^iTe^astF^l^u^hterebTc^untrt
X> shop. $80 and found. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary at. .■.-■: ..■.,- ; '■ ' . ■
COOK. HOTEL, CITY, $60. C. R. HANSEN <&
CO., 110 Geary st.
1 A GOLD MINERS ON BHARES; . CARPEN-
1 V ter for a ranch, 825 and found: wood-carver,
$3 50 a day. MURRAY _ READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ARMER AND WIFE, $40 AND FOUND;
farmer and wife, $30, near city; 6 farmers,
$15, $20. $22: milker, and many other places.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
noOK, $12 A WEEK. CALL EARLY: COOK,
'> hotel work. $65 and room; waiter, $6 a week;
pantryman, $20: bed maker, $15 and room: mid-
dle-aged man for a lodging-house, $10 and room.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st .
AN C H HAND. $12: JAPANESE BOY.
housework. $20. MARTIN'S, 74h Market.
UfANTED-2 MORE MINERS, $2 50: FARM-
VY ers: blacksmith's helper to learn trade, $15
to $20 »nd found: cabinet-maker; young German
tor grocery. Sl5 and found: kitchen men and
on.ers. Apply to J. F. CUtOSETT _ CO., 628
Sacramento st _____
"I^UTLER, *30. MISS CULLEN, 323 SUTTEB
X> street .
OOK, $12 PKR WEEK. MISS OULLEN, 323
Sutter st
0 HOTEL WAITERS, COUNTRY, $26. R. T.
_ WARD <fe CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
ANTED— I OOK FOR RESTAURANT. $10
a week; waiter, must speak French, $25;
waiter, country. $*0;. head waiter, $40, etc _
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St. . ■-
OOK for ho.£l, COUNTRY, $75; COOK
for restaurant $75, country. HOTEL OA-
KTTK. 420 Kearny st .. . '. . -■■ '■'■.'■ •■'■■'■.
ANTED — GOOD BARBER: STEADY
place. Thirtieth and San Jose aye.
ANTED — GOOD (.OATMAKER. 838
Geary st •
pABT.NERIN PORK AND SAUSAGE STORE;
X industrious and honest man only. 335 Fourth.
OATMAKKRS. 233 NATOMA, BETWEEN
Third and Fourth atg. - ; . - ■ "
OOD FINISHER AND APPRENTICE ON
coats: steady work: good wages. 221 Sixth.
\\;aiteh wanted AT PENNSYLVANIA
»' Hotel, 226 Michigan st., opp. Potrero. :. .-,
TTtXPERIiiNCKD JEWELRY MAN IN PAWN
X- office; 110 other need apply, see 866 Miss on.
G"~ OOD BARBER. 1041 VALENCIA ST., >R.
VJ Twenty-second. ■
flgoc W-ISKLY GUARANTEED TO ACTIVE
iJ-Oman: $10 cash deposit to-day; 4 months'
contract. '-'15 sansome St., rm. 12.
AN FOR GENERA L WORK, FAMILY
hotel; reference required. Call 8 to 9 7-5
Pine st ." - ■
OYS FROM 15 TO 17 . YEARb OF AGE.
Apply at 200 Sutler st.
j \kf ANTKD— SIX MORE BOYS OR YOUNG
I • ' men who have some knowledge and de-ire to
1 ta';e further ructions in a brass band to con-
! sist of _0 pieces; monthly dues very light Ad-
! dress Music, box 101, i. all Office.
j AN TED- AN EXPERIENCED YOUNG
Vt man in butcher-shop. 2221 Mason st. ,
BUY 14-K. GOLD LADIES' STEM DING;
•$l4: worth $35. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
B~~ARBER-SHOPAT BARGAIN; 3 REVOLV-
X) Ing chairs: handsomely fitted up; low rent:
very center of business on Market Apply 601
Jessie. ■ ..■■.• ■
BVBBERS — GOOD SHOP IN COUNTRY,
near trie city, for sale cheap. DECKEL-
MAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
AKT.xBK WAITED IN ACASH BUSINESS:
X must be able to give good references; no oth-
ers peed apply. 33 -Ixtn st , room 18.
T^OR FULL AND i LX AN 10c MKAL OB
J coffee and cakes 5c go to 13 V 2 Grant aye.
TYLJSII AND DURABLE CALF SHOES;
our own make; $2 60. 959 Howard, nr. sixth.
Q ING LE FURNISH r.D ROOMS; IScANIOHT:
O 75c week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard.
..AKKtitS' i-iiuif.Ll'UK tiSIO.V tM^-Olf-
1> m«nt secretary. CONRAD IROELL. 667Cl_r.
L/ARBKR.-.— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
Xi P. Cl Barbers' Assn. s. l-'UCHS, 325 Grant aye.
OURNJ-.YMEN JiAKiER.V KiiPLOYMENX
se«Ti-tary. H. hhKNAKD, 102 seventh st
i.AKBEK WASH STANDS, ONE, TWO AND
1 > three bowls, ■he -p. 623 Golden Gate aye.
EST .-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP IN CITY.
A pply at 1 Taylor st. ■ -. ■• - ■
ANK-KUPT SALE— HAVING PURCHASED
IJ large siock of boots and shoes that must oe
sold by Jan. 1 at great sacrifice to make room for
sprint: goods. Cal. Boot and Shoe Mfg. Ca's stores,
767 Market and 6^B Market, opp. Palace HoteL
RECRUITS WANTED FOR . THE UNITED
XV states - Marine Corns. United' States Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages of 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally d< dared their Intention
to become citizens; must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write English,
and between 5 feet & incnes and 6 feet in height !
For further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 20 Kills st. San Francisco, Cal.
\,\[ ANTa-.D-LABORKR.S AJM U MECHANICS
' * to know that Ed RolKin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 160
Urge rooms; 25c per nlgnt: $1 to $3 per week. ' '
rjllvi ACME iluUatU, *■;•/ _Ait_r.'l' E.T., BJS-
-1 low Sixth, for a room: -fie a : night: $1 a weak.
■VTi W WAL-O HOUSE, 765 MISSION, HUT
-> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 10a
to 50c. week 60c to $2: reading-room; strictest at-
tention morning calls; clean: quiet; open all ui(ht
U' ANTED— 6OO MEN TO-DAY TO E\T BEST
'» 5c and 10c meals. Old Economy, 410 Kearny.
Echo hou .-.e, Bb3V_ MARKET ST.— ROOMS
20c. 25c to 50c :,i e bt: $1 to $2 wee*.
OSKDAI.E, 321 ELLIS— CHEAPEST AND
best lodging-house In the city: open all night
\\r INCHES 1 K.i; HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'I .Varitii:: 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus aud baggage to and from the ferry.
SHOES! SHOES' SHOES! NEW TO ORDER-
-0 any style, $3 up: - mtsfiis and cast-off shoes
bouch-. or exchanged: . Jars-- stock of second
shoes: first-class repairing: ■ work ' guaranteed. ■
749 Mission st.. near Grand opera-house.
1 (in MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c 150
1 \J\J and -Oc a. nlghu Including coffee and roils.
C 24 Washington st , near Kearny. .
\\r ANT_D— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'" Rome simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas: they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDERBURN & Cv, Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys, . Washinston. .D. C-, for ihelr $l»00 pris*
oner and list of -00 inventions wanted.
W ANTED, lot OI,I,KCI' W AGES DUX LABOR
»* tr««_clerics. Collection Ajtcy. 110 butter
BE-T IN CITY-SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per nltjht: $1. $1 _5, $I*so per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and-*t.eidi-adorfl sta.
ANTED-SINGLh, ROOMS, 160 A DAY- $1
wee*; rooms for 2, 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st ~ .
ESlilO-s WANTS log M, N To ..KT BOT-
. tie b»er or wine 5.- : best free lunch. 643 Clay
OOMS 15c TO 76c PAR NIGHT; 600 TO $1 60
IX per week. Oriental. 225 Drnmm st -y
\\T ANTKD, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
»* shoes up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
ing through the day can have their a repaired"
: !_!?„? fin. «>"e yon wait: ladles' soling, 85c; m e_i
we Slvp _ M£* shoes made to order "rom $3 up:
» c have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water at
iT-if h . a «i ™r toanh lbeit froS 25c "p w
$- M. &6"- Minion st. bet. First s;. and Second st.
AtiKMs WANTED.
A^S-IT^. "f THAT OUTSELLS ANY
«m publication si cc Grant's book Is "General
Miles' Personal , Recollections"; every one wants
Cn«_y k sr_-'J teß by lhe of thi
X 3 & h a ou e rV T y PER r sU a . S r n 8 : (^u m b^
Mo MAGAZINE OFFKRB SUCH LIBERAL
Write mr^M 1 118 , 10 a " m »- T1 <« F-mlly Jou^iL:
write for particulars, 14. Mtmome st.. M. F. •
: WAJJTKO-JMISCK__AJ<_OUS.
W^»*T XD ~. FIRE - Nl > BURGLAR PROOF
— — _J_i*_______»!^wb_j^ejJ6_____sloii st
F?r« L -r? X °£ TINSMITHS' TOOLS. AD-
.-«- dress T., box 77, Call Office. : ■ - -■ - .•,.
btll.fti.\«Sßu, U|; LUMBER, BASHES.
1> .mantels etc., for sale. .1166 Mission st
C JXO.VD-HAND KODAKS. CAMERAS. LEN-
*~) ses. magic lan:ern3 and slides.' 109 Montgmry.
™UK iJOOK*, CLOTHIAU AND Ji,.vv.,
O elry to A. KLEIN. lo» ; Sixth at; send post—
': ■ ' ' '■■'.- ": ■■ ' ' ■*'.-* *'^fflt-ff— TifflwnTWi
BtTSITffKSS CHANCI".
•I AHA BARGAINS FOX SALE.
•20 grocery stores Prices from $100 to $4000
15 coffee-saloons.. Prices from $200 to $1000
12 branch bakeries Prices from 50 to $50(\
6 coal and w00d... Prices Irom $350 to $800%
25 saloons Prices from $350 to $2M)01
6 drugstores.......;.. Prices from $2000 to $4000 A
16 cigar stores .........:Prices from $200 to $1200 . 1
8 stationery stores.... ...Prices from $300 to $850
H. C DECKER, 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
<_ 1 A (\f\fi WHOLESALE . AND RETAIL
tjpXU.UUv.'. liquor-store; one of the best estab-
lished and " finest locations In city; long lease:
buyer can use same name; fine trade without
soliciting. BCRIBNER & CO., 7 City Hall aye.
IGAR-STORE LOCATED AT BEST TRANS-
\J fer point In city: terminus of two car lines.
For particulars call at store, 764 San Jose aye.,
near Thirtieth at. .. ■ .
INVENTORS AS WELL A 8 INVESTORS
1 will do well by calling at Hall of Inventions,
215 Sanaome St., room 12: fine business chances
offered, patents secured, models exhibited and
capital Interested.
ANTED— on TIME charter schoon-
» t er about 200 tons; one that could be fined to
carry a few passengers; Honolulu trade: stato
price per month and particulars toB , box 71, Call.
T7ASTISRN HOUSE WANTS RESPONSIBLE
J_ party with $800 to $400 to control business on
this coast: big opening. Apply 10 MR- KNOW L-
TON, Royal house. 126 Ellis St., 9 to 3.
ART.N E" ; OLD ESTABLISHED BEST AV-
rant: will sell, but prefer partner; none but te-
llable parties need apply. Inquire grocery, 337
Fourth st. . ____!_______
_QAA SALOON; MUST BE BOLD; 409
rihoUU. Fourths-: on account of sickness of
the owner. Inquire of A. GLEBS, 401 Fourth St.;
no agents. ■ ' .
RAND CHANCE FOR RESTAURANT MAN
to take management or buy half interest in
newly fitted up place. Call ail L_rkln st.
ALF-INTEREST; NOTHING LIKE li;
something new. Address V., box 73, Call.
piOOD-PAYING CANDYTSTATIONERY AND
VX cigar store for sale cheap, account, sickness.
Apply 33 Sixth st. room 18.
_t. r A RESTAURANI IN BUSY NEIGH.
tIPOU. borhood If sold In 3 days. 415 Fifth st.
V-IORNKR GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE,
\J Apply Call Office.
■\TOUNG WID WITH MEANS DESIRES
, X a gentleman partner. Room 2, 238 Post st.
/-I KNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VX young lady of means. Room 3. 309 butter st.
OOD PAYINU RESTAURANT FOR SALE
or rent; owner leaving city. 210 Drumm st.BS
IS YOUR INVENTION NEWT HEARCH*m.
made in Patent Office $2: If examination is i**
vorable we charge nothing for prosecuting patei/t
application unless successful. Send sketch, de-
scription and amount to RAE & CO., Patent At-
torneys, 916 Ninth st NW.. Washington, D. C
Q-/inn PARTNER WANTED IN UKNERAL
iJptrUv/. contracting business; no previous ex-
perience necessary: splendid chance; money ee>
cure. Address X, box 73, Call Office, ■/■.;.
ANTED-PARTNER WITH $2500: FOR
energetic business man good opening; Amerl.
can preferred. Address Business, box 89, Call.
/COUNTRY GROCERY STORE: ALAMEDA
V County, near Oakland; half or whole Interest;
cheap. Address C. 8., box 50, Call Office.
"PUBLISHER WANTS PARTNER WITH
X printing plant; can entertain good-slsed office;
work plenty. P., box 19, Call Office. ■
AY, GRAIN. WOOD AND COAL YARD
for sale; business locality. 1915 Mission «t
UY THAT OPAL AND DIAMOND RING,
X> price $65, cost $i5O. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant.
OOD DOWNTOWN BUSINESS FOR SAL_"
717 Mission st
OR SALE-FIRST-CLASS SALOON; CHEAP."
325-327 Drumm st
T-RUIT AND PRODUCE BUSINESS JFOR
X sale cheap. Apply 1673 Market st
HOEMAKING-BHOP FOR SALIfi ; GOOD
0 location; transfer corner. Call 601 Castro st.
d_r#"\ CIGAR-STAND, LAUNDRY OFFICE.
<IPOv/. 131 Eddy st. I
IF YOU WANT TO SELL YOUR SALOON OR
grocery for spot cash address V., box 120, Call.
' ANTED— TO RENT SMALL CHICKEN
*• ranch, with Improvements in Sonoma Coun-
ty. Address G. BossERT, 8 -4 Valencia st
<J_4»crvrv IF YOU HAVE THIS AMOUNT
t[p_._)Uv/. in cash and can come well recom-
mended, will give you interest In business tb a:
will pay you $2000 yearly, besides $100 month
salary: particulars only at personal interview;
thib is a chance of a lifetime. Address K. C, box
44, this office.
_ WANT TWO GOOD MEN TO TAKE IN-
terest in our nearly all air burning gas range
manufacturing concern; bit; profits guaranteed,
and full security given for capital invested. Call
and see oir ranges in full work at 1-4 Va O'Farrell
st from 2 to 6 p. M. daily.
T/'OR SALE— AN ELEGANTLY FITTED-UP
X candy s ore, aolng a fine re; alt business; estab-
lished 16 years; best location; will clear $100 a
month easily; _ chance seldom offered; will be
sold reasonable for cash. A. SCHaEFEK, 22 Sixth.
OUNG HONEST AND r.RLIABLE MAR-
X rled man, with bank references, desires to ex-
change a house and lot across t_e bay for an inter-
est and position In lecltimate business; vain a .
$3200. O. P., care Pac. Cal. Co.. 83. 6 Eddy st j W
FINE OPENING FOR DRY-GOODS MAN IS i\
rapidly growing neighborhood; cor. Third ave.,^^
and Clement St.: with 4 rooms; Sutro cars pa.ia
door. D. DANGERS, 101 California st
fl_l »ir PARTNER AS CASHIER AND AS- -
0 1-t). sistant, $40 per month, room and
board; guaranteed full value. 1., box 90, Call.
OAKERY, NOTIONS. CANDY, CIGARS,
X) groceries; 4 furnished rooms; good business;
cheap. 2604 butter st ■ ■ .
ituUThi 11* IN TER lOH CITY.
* dose to Ban Fra_ ciaco. For particulars apply
this office.
ANTED— PARTNER WITH $40.U00 IN A
*» grocery and liquor house established since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call Office.
Q/--ROOM HOUSE, DOING GOOD BUSINESS;
OP cheap. THOMAS & CO.. 33 Sixth st, r. 18.
OLD CORNEK, HALLECK AND LElDEo-
dorff sts., saloon, for sale cheap.
<_£*Hn CORNER I OON ON FOURTH
<4PUUW. at; must be sold. Call Office.
_1 -fv CIGAR-STAND, AT 1352 MARKEtT
XO\J. a bargain; party to leave city.
OARTNEi. FOR SALOON; OTHK.R BUSL
X ness connected: big money. 1342 Market st.
' (\(\ PARTNER; FINE-PAYING MANU-
igtluU. factoring business. 1342 Market st
\TF,W PATENT, BEST OF ITS KIND, FORA
—1 moneyed man. 628 Golden Gate aye.
rpAILOR-teHOP: CHEAP. 914 KEARNY ST,
1 near Montgomery aye.; retiring from business.
KOUTK for sale across thjc BAY. L*
onir«» at >. all Office.
1.0->GING-UOII-£S JtOK SALE.
CA ROOMB, CLEARING $200..... $2500
_)U 26-roomhouse; fine corner 1500
10-rooui house, worth $600, only 300
15 rooms, tine corner: payment 5...... ....... £00
-8-room house; rooms all rented............ cOO
8 rooms: near City Hall; new. 250
14 rooms on Folsom st, near Third......... ' 350
66-room corner house,- new furniture 8000
12 rooms, central, good furniture....... 251)
H. C. DECKER, 1080 Market st. opp. Fifth.
C_Q7C FLAT 6 ROOMS; BATH; ELEGANT
»iPO I «J. furniture. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Mar-
ket st •-■'.'.•■-. ;•-•■..•
p. A ROOMS, WITH BAR AND DINING-
*Jr± room; onlyslooo. SPECK «_ CO- 60a Market.
O_-ROOM HOUSE, NR. MARKET BTBJKKTI
O 7 sickness cause of selling; make offer. J
PHELPS _ CO., 917 Larkln at , A
pARTLY • FURNISHED LODGING-HOUSE
X containing 30 rooms and bath: 810 Mission st;
rent reasonable. MADISON & BURKE.
OR. FOURTH AND HOWARD: 30 ROOMS,'
all one floor, nicely furnished: Rood landlord;
call for proprietor, 776 Howard st.
. INE GOLD STOPWATCH FOR $75: COST
» $200. At UNCLE HARRIS', 16 Ora-nt aye.
OQ FURNIBHED ROOMS; CHEAP; ON AC-
--O count of owner leaving city. 916 Howard st.
i • EFORE BUYING OR SELLING HOUSES OR
I ' businesses see A. M- KLKINS. 906 Maricet st
*«4_iMAXti_— »A>'_'Ji_l.
'pAsH PAID FOR E^Tli:- VIOUSEa" OR*
yJ smaller lots ■of furniture, carpets, etc J.
BOWCHER 222 Stockton: send postal.
TF YOU WANT GOOiTFRICeS FOX FURNI-
X tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Lar-In.
U IOUKK PRIC*. iUAN ANYWHKKiS PAID
XX by Indian* Auction Co. 1057 Mnrket-oppJonet
HKMXI'IU S tOLI .nAI.K.
CHAI4. M. VLUW * CO.. UFHOLsT_ttY cv -
V* 1301 MARKET ST., COR. NIN 1 H.
Carpets. Furulture and Upholstery Goon*.
AfklX CAKPr.TS: CHT\>rßr.K ■*_•*■ •>*;
*i\J\l stoves, $5: parlor sets. $20: fo!dins-bea%
10: bar ontllu. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mi I . ox
AT L. J. SKI MANN'S, 117 SIXTH. FOR
lowest prices on household goods; new or goo*
as new: cas > or on time: open evenings.
K~ ING FURNITURE CU.I I-7-29-31 MARKET,
C- furnish 4 rooms. $.8 to $50; best bargains.
IJUCKINGHAM FITRMTUKE CO. — LOWEST
XJ prices; furniture, oarpe .<: all ■.railed 866 Miss' n
CAiU'Hil CJLKA-M.\U.
rr^T^tAM^AIu^T^TEANTN"(T^V()KK
cleans, moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVEN^
Msr. 38 and 40 Mgblh st; telephone South 250.
/ lAl'.l'blS CLKANKD AM) KE.NOVATIiO^
\J like new. FERiiISON ft CO., 23 Tenth: tel.l
South 38. D. MACKINTOSH <fc Co.,' successor^ ,
VI- HEN Y>U BKCOMK DIrGUSTEiI Wll'Mf
"* poor work send to SPA OLD] NO'S Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Wi>rks, 353-57 Tehamast.; .el So. 4J.
E. MUCH ELL, CAI.I'E'f^.~LKAMN.. CO.,
. '.'4O 14th mi. : cleaning 8c a yard. Tel. Mis. 7 I.
pARPET-OLKAMLXG.'Sp: LAYING, He: kfii
\J sampler free; tel. ..eaal«i»44. Strslton, 19 Blb st
nO.^KLI.N'i : ,_Ai;P«.'i'- BE AT I.NU WOKK-W
\J 333 Golden Gate uve. Telephone Kast 126.
AC AY AKD AT GIVE A! '.Wi-^T/KKN CAKi'_T>
O cleaning Works, 11 Eighth titHorses TO r.FT.
qiQFIKST- RINCON HILL; CORNER
«j. <j house: 10 rooms ana bath: nice order-
s3o. UMn.»EN A CO., 14 Montgomery st. '
OTop paying re.m : will bi ild to
•O suit-, small payments; 5 to 10 room houses-
iiear Clinton station, Oakland. Inquire at 215
J^ansome St.. room 12. V
f CUNNY DETAOIKD HOUSE; 7 ROOMS
r ID bath, laundry, yard: 422 d Elehteenth,' 1 block
B^w a L L E^U r 5 n Ho^rr§ : sf: 6 n^E^ l 1 ce y e U ?h D - B -
, fg3 I jgjgg^gr^ ASP BATH.
<Bilf\ HOUSE TO LET. 6 ROOMS. 23%
<g XU. Morns aye., nr. Sixth st; key next doorf
If) ROOM HOUSK; ALL MODKRN CON-
, J y veniences: carpets for sale if desired. Call
t v "S 3 B R «•■ 1410 Fimon st., bet.
Broderick ana Baker.
T>rY TU. UOIS AND DIAMOND EARRINGS
XJ for $70; worth $150. Uncle Harris.l 6 Grant ay
241 0 "EAKY-UOOSE: 7 KOUMS A.ND
*" :r - t " bath; large stable and yard.
<iI.Q 7 ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY PA-
*u)XKJ. pered; cellar and yard. 2123 Ma.son st.
QQ 5 ROOMS, SMALL, IN GUOD ORDER.
VTO. Part of house 303 First, cor, above Foisom.
rpo RENT — NICE HOUSE, lOTTAOE OR
■ X flat, SeeSCRIBXER«fcCO., 7 City Hall aye.,
and save looking around.
4 ROOMS A.ND BATH. CHEAP. 429 THlK-
teenth St., b3U Valencia and Guerrero.
HOUSKa 'lv KJfcKT Fort VJiKV JUTTLK
money at BALL>\VI.\ o^ HAilMONli'd^ ID
Wontromerv r.;.
COTTAGES 1O IKT;
pOTTAGE, 4 ROOMS: LARGE YARD. 214
\J Collingwood St., bet. 19th and 2 th.
SUNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS; BATH:
0 large basement: yard: stable; cheap. 107
German la st . near Fillmore, •
SROOJMS, BATH, BASEMKNT AND STABLE;
rent rp»«onab'.e. 120 Fillmore st.
yUKNISHEJP FLATS.
LEG ANTLY TVJLSViN^DTfCvTr^ROoSiS:
for sale. 12 Metcalf p ace, off Geary, be.U
Mason and Taylor: tail 12 to 3.
'•TTANDSOMELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6
XI rooms and piano; call bet. 12 and 2. IS! Met-
calf place. b»t. Mason and Taylor, off Geary.
iLA'i's 'ill LJt£T.
J 114 McA^,ls7imToPip^ClTY HALL~
lv""- 7 ro .ins. bath and range: suitable fora
physician, dentist or dressmaker. ASHTON &
WAKDISER, 411 Montgomery st.
1 A}} FULTON- EXTR v FlNii UPPEKFLAT:
l^<i 7 rooms: bath; $35.
M sPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.,
. hav^ 40 new cottages and flats; cheap rent.
BOY THAT OP-*L AND DIA. RING; PkICE
100: cost $200. Uncle hams. 15 Grant aye.
TO LET-MODERN 6-ROOM FLAT. WARM
-L belt, cheap. 841 Capp st., near Twenty-fourth.
'"(£l7 MODERN. SUNNY, UPPER. CORNER
, «t)ll. flat: 6 rooms and bath. 4800 Eighteenth
St., corner of Hatile.
"<jkT)7jj 774 STEVKNSON, NKAR NINTH—
<lr*-V/. Klegant new modern flat of 7 rooms and
bath. Apply DAVID STKKN & SONS, 20 Mont-
gomery st. " ■ -
0 LET— 4 ROOMS; 811. 812 JESSIE ST^
near Ninth. Key at grocery.
• 00 PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH. HALF
— ») block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
■modern 5-room flat: rent $15; water free.
: 17< \U POST— S-ROOM sUNNY FLAT; BATH;
JL 1 UP garden: re t $17.
NILK FLATS: 4 <-OOD ROOMS; SEPARATE
yards; $13. 524 Sixth st.
C>HEAP MODKRN FLATS, 5 AND 6
\J rooms, Bto $16: see them. 623 a Seventh st.
I?LATS TO «KNT FOR VKRY LITTLK
. money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
. .Montgomery st.
1 All 1 HAIGHT. NR. BAKEK— ICE 6-ROOM
S\J~l. flat: best blocn on Haiehi; flne view.
fijj 1"> FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS AND
'_ 1 — . basemenu 706 Birch aye.. n . Buchanan.
liOLSx.Ki.tPi>lr JUOUJIi.
Bryant Street,.
'AOfl BRYANT— 1 ON SI SUNNY ROOMS;
"OU nicely tarnished for housekeeping. .-'.;--.
tleventh Street.
"I OQ ELEVENTH — bUNNY FLAT OF 3
XOO rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
JUiiis Street.
390 ELLIS (PALMETTO) — FURNISHED
— ■£ housekeeping rooms: a so su.tes and single.
in ill Mree.. '. v '« ' "i" .- ." «"^
QAQ FIFTH— NEW HOUSE, SUNNY BAY-
< Ut/ window room, with kitchen and - sink,
'$14, range: other sunny single rooms, $8 and $10.
QOi) FIFTH— 2 SUNNY KOuMs: FURNISH-
O— .X ed for housekeeping; rent cheap.
1 olsuin Street.
\ Q(\Q FURNISHED ROOMS^ WITH
■ QUO use of kitchen.
Q-71 FOLSOM, NR. SIXTH— SUNNY SUITE
tJO • 2 furnished for housekeeping; $8 a month.
Grant Avenue.
BUY THOSE PRETTY DIA. KARSCREWS;
price 825, worth $50. Uncle Harris,ls Grant ay.
iioward Ktree..
2 OB 3 NICELY FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
housekeeping; moderate rent. Inquire at 27y a
J oss su, off Howard, near Seventh.
ht-arny Street.
f)QA KEAP.NY-2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
jLijx) for housekeeping: either coal or gas stove.
Lewis Street.
Market Street.
1 nor; market-sunny SUITE. LIGHT
i XUOt) housekeeping, 812; single rooms. 85 op.
" Minna Street.
C.AO MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
• OttD housekeeping; large yard.
." . Mission Street.
*qV»Q MISSION — 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED
QUO complete for housekeeping.
. -1 r\L!>j MISSION — FRONT DOUiILK PAX-
J.UDO lors; light housekeeping; other rooms
cheap.
• 1017 MISSION — BAY-WINDOW FRONT
' JZJ I suite complete for bousekping; single rm
• , ;>kiomi street.. * — *
nf\" NATOMA— FURNISHED FRONT
■ UV/O housekeeping rooms; hot water; also single.
.*.' U'Jt'arrell Street.
OAT pO'FARRELL-2sUNNY FURNISHED
— UJ. ».) housekeeping rooms; rent very reasona-
ble. Call any day before IP. if. -. . ■ .
KOOMS TO Lti.
JKighth Street. •
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
St., Dear Market: furnished and unfurnished.
:~~ Jilli* Street. -
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS — IXCANDKS-
cent lights In every room: reading-room, con-
taining daliy pa ers: smoking-room and ladies'
rarlor; open all nl?ht; rooms per night, 35c to
"$1 5u- week, $2 to #8: month, $8 to $30; tire es-
capes; elevator on office floor; annex of 65 rooms
now ready: hot and cold water In each room; baths.
TIIF. KAMOrtA. 130 KLLJ!». MR*. KATF, I
I HART, manager— A «jmet house; rentr*llr lo-
cried: newly furnished: elevator: hot A cold wa.er.
A f )U ELLIS— LARGE PARLORS; NICELY
.tr^O furnished; suitable for doctor; single rooms.
Fifth street.
IA7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY TTNFUR-
-3.U I nished rooms.
. -1 i)?L SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
X£O nicely furnished double front rooms.
• »' . 1 uihom aitreti.. ...
f\/l9 FOLSOM-NICE FRONT SUNNY FUR-
*JjLjL Disced room; large: $8. ;
noi\ FOLSOM-IWO sunny furnished
•DU front rooms; rent reasonable. ; . '■'
"•i-urv Street.
OI r GEARY— 4 UNFURNISHED BOOMS.
ZIP Key 217 Geary it. ' ■
007 GEARY - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
iCS. (.rooms, en suite or single; first-class dining-
room In connection. •-.■:: ; . -
AIW GEARY (THE NA VA RRE)-FURN -
I\J*J ed rooms: board optlopal ; foldlug-bfd.
Tvi Q GEARY- KLEGANT SUNNY BACK
UXU parlor: suites or single: running water. •
. 7»/l GEAKY-HAXDsiOAIELY FURNISHED
. I <-X room with grate; terms reasonable.
MARTINE'ITL 1101 GK,\KY, SW. C <R. VAN
Xii. Ness-Suites and gipsies: newly furnished.
Uoia «a c.at« AVtnu».
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AVK-SUNNY DOUBLE
m V front room; single; transient: quite clean.
Jfc Grant Avenue.
1 ' TO THAT 14- K.GOLD LADTES 1 AMERICAN
\ -U watch; $16, worth $40.U l icleHarrls,lsOr'nt ay
•\ Haight Street. ' • .
• OI HAIGHT— FURNISHED ROOMS.
"«waru biree..
KA.Q HOWARD— I OR MORE FURNISHED
Drtf' rooms. . •-
(lC(l HOWARD, COR. SIXTH— NICELY FUK-
OOO nished suites. $3 50 a week: single beds,
81 25 to 91 60; double beds, SI to to 8 2 60 week.
ROOMS TO LET- Continued.
Jones Street.
907 JONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
—\J I management; elegant sunny suites and
single: newly furnished; bath, etc.: $10 to s3o.
Kearuy Street,
AItLINOTON BOUSE, 137 KRARST —
t\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: lira;
1 ISs in « very respect: term* r» > H«onati!'" -
■JV"h.W AVENUE HOUSK, 904 KEARNY ST.,
±\ "corner Jackson— single rooms 15, 20. 25. 50
cents per night: special rates per week or month.
Larkia Mi'cet.
Q97 LARKIN, COR. GOLDEN GATE AYE.—
*->*- 1 2 large bay-window parlors; splendid for
offices.
Market Street.
■VOSEMITTC JTOUSK, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night. 850 to »1 : week. SI ;o *5: families.
Minus Street.
nan minna. eighth— newly fur-
\)\J 1 ntshed bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
Mission Street.
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 MISSION: SELECT
family rooming-house: $1 50 to $ti per week.
■ ." O'Jtarrell .-Mice-.
QQI O'FAP.RELL — SUNNY FURNISHED
DO X roomB,wlthgrat»: housekeeping privileges.
' I'ost Street.
RANDOLPH." 501 POST ST., COR. MASON—
XX 50 bay-window par'ors: smaller rooms; run-
ning water: gas: $1 60 to $4 per week.
i owe ■ 1 Streei.
OTVQ A POWELL — FINE SUNNY FRONT
*-VO suite; also double rooms. L. STOKES.
isixth Street.
QQ SIXTH — QUIET SUNNY ELEGANT
00 rooms; ill conveniences; fireproof building.
block :nu street.
rpHE EUROPEAN, 17 STOCKTON ST.— FUR-
JL nisbed rooms, en suite or single; hot, cold water
in every room: baths: elevator: transient solicited.
. Li.er . res .
Till SUTTE R— NICELY FURNISHED
Xl XX rooms; suites or single; reasonable.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR— ROOMS, $1 WEFK;
lUi/ double rooms, $1 75; large bay-window
suite cheap.
~~~~" 'live Street.
91 9 TWELFTH-UPPER FLAT; 5 BOOMS
— 1 — and bath: all conveniences.. Apply in rear.
ISOAKIMNG ANl> IiOOMS.
TKT^GEAKY^-^eT""m^NT^T^OR^TAYI6r
(JUJ. St.: sunny rooms with free use of bath;
references: terms reasonable. .. . .
A 1 O KDUY —LOVKLY SONNY PARLORS
11- and other roomt, with board: $20 up.
UY THAT HOWARD GOLD STEM-WIND
watch; cost *120. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant.
7"! .1 POST— NICELY FURNISHED ROO3IS,
11 — with board; suitable for 2; 20 each; use
of parlor. . . ....
7fW-' VAN NESS AYE.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
IvU nished rooms, with board: perfect home;
prices very low. - -
OTr.LBKKTLINO, 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel; references; all modern conveniences- !
caw van ness— newly furnished sun.
Cuu ny rooms: pood board: reasonable.
stokes i O LET.
T^7w^h»jvvar7>l c^k^^foFrteenth^
lOU- store: living rooms: rent cheap,
Si)?L STORE 3 KO MS; LIGHT CELLAR.
*S)£\Jm 11-28 Howard st., near Seventh.
©n- STORE: VKRY DESIRABLE LOCA-
O£/. ion for barber-shop. Opposite Twenty-fifth-
st. station.
TORE. 1524 HOWARD, COX. LAFAYETTE,
with fixtures; cheap rent.
jO(j FOURTH — SMALL STOKE WITH
"*-'-' rooms In rear: low rent. Apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery St.
T LOW KK.VT— PARi' OF STOKE AND
ba*em<'nu 324 I'os- si.
OFFICES TO i,ET.
KsK^K7)OirTo~Ll£TT V j
Kearny st . room 8.
iUililVASj.
ANEW REMEDY THAT IS PERFECTLY
harmless; never fails in any case of monthly
sickness, no matter what the cause may be. Price
$5 to $10. .No electricity or Instruments; never
makes sick to make well: travelers helped; no
delay; years' experience: first-class home in con-
finement. It. & Urs. Davies, 14 McAllister St.,
next H/bernia Bank. Consult free; French pills
$2: hours, 9 a. m. to 4, 7 to 8 p. H.
PROCKS3 THAT NEVKK JrAILS TO RE-
' store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used:
many years' experience: every case guaranteed: ]
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private !
home for confinement. MRS. L> 1.. Dii-t Y, li-Jd
Market St., over ihe Owl Dru? fctore.
DR. FOULKTS FRENCH CAPSULES— A
guaranteed absolute cure for all female dis-
eases (no mater whet cause): positively safe and
sure; no dang r or after effects: taken in time It
also acts as a preventive; price $1 50 per box;
Bent free by mail on receipt 01 price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye.
NEW I'KuUKS.i- NO MEDICINE, iSsTKO*
men; ' or worthless pills used; every woman
berown physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day; can
be sent and used at home : all canes guaranteed.
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRa NAIL, M 8 Kearny.
LL CASKS OF MONTHLY SUPPRESSION
restored in a few hours: safety assured at any
time: instant relief for travelers: home in confine-
ment: consult free: confidential: hours. 10 o 5.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkin.
RS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint: home for patients: best skill;
free diagnosis: tow fees; self cure. 904 McAllisters:.
LPtAu'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure; $2 50 express C. v. D. ; don't delay until
too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
-SURE CUKIs FOR ALL Fr-MALE DlS-
eases, from whatever can Re; home In confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Turk s--
DON'T F, AIL TO -CONSULT DX. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
Euocessful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the went cases treated satlsfac orily by mall.
<55 i PAID *' uK a CASE I FAIL I O CUR KOF
0 <J"" female complaints or diseases of eye;
consultation free. MRS. DX. -CO 1 T, 325 Geary su
U FKAK'.-) FKMALK REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efficient emmenaHogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDS CO., druggists, 406 Clay st.,sole
QAFETY FOR MARRIED ADDRESS
OP. O. box 1984. - ' ' '
S~EE THc. DIAMONDS THAT CAN BE PUR-
chased half value at Uncle Harm', ls Grant ay.
II OMG, A FRIEND AND MOTttEK'S CARE.
XL MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 eighth st., Alameda.
1 F IKKKGULAK ANY FEMALE ill -EASE
Is>m» MKS.DR. PUETZ and be content. 4 J*4V<j 4th.
I .K. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NKAK
1 ' Jones., Diseases of women and children.
rs. drs. Donovan, 1306 folsom st.;
confinement: terms reasonable.'. . : ■ .'
.CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
«ite free ; ■ • ;
LOST.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH" raE^HinSERI
nia savings and Loan Society of san Fran*
cl*ro, in th name of LAURA 'IHOMPSON, No.
17914- .2. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A PUG-DOG, ANSWERING NAME OF
XJ "lug"; silt in left ear; tag No. 2400 i: collar;
$5 reward on delivery to CAPT. CKEkT, Fort
Mason, city. , . . • . "
I A DA \ SAGO: COW; HORNS HAWED OFF
Lv/ at tips; fresh milch cow. Finier receive re-
ward returning to Grothwell stockyards, San
Bruno road.
EWARU $10 FOR -RELIABLE INFORM X-
tion concerning three calves stolen from
Grathwell stockyards, Srn Bruno road.
TWO DIAMOAD EAJHSTUDS, BLACK CASK.
X from Post st. to ferry. Finder return to 432
New Montgomery gt. and get reward. * v
1 OST— DEC. 14. - A -DIAMOND , EARRING
j 1 pendant, on trains between i- denvale and East
Oakland; reward. J. J. AGNEW, San Francisco
Gas Company. __^ ________
1 OST— EYEGI.AKsES AND FINE HAIN.
'JJ between We Is-Fargo's and Fourth and Market
sts. Return to Call olfice and receive reward, y •
OST— 2 BKD COWS. 1 WITH SA WKD HORN
and crooked front leg, 1 with white spot -on
left side, tinder please return to a (Jt»U»T PoN-
TACU. Berlin and San Bruno road, receive reward.
UY THAT i 14-K. i.ULD AM. WATCH;
«29. worth $60 Uncle Hurrls. IB Grant aye
attoisnjeys-at-jlaw.
"^d^ic^f^ke^uivoka^k^Ca^
Jrv alty: private; do charge unless successful; all
Jaw suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. v*. HOWE, atl'y-at-law. 850 Market.
SAILORS' A. \D MECHANICS' WAGES COL-
lected : estates p.obated : deeds, wills, contracts
drawn; advice free. J. G. JEFFREYS, law orhce,
632 Market St., room 23.
W KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
. ution free: probate: all cases: fees low. ,
A DVICKFRkK: NO CHARGE UNLKSS sUv>
A cessful. W. W. Da VI so. V 927 Market su
HOTELS.
BO^KL^iT~HOT^lT ;: ~2^2^2Tb^S^^6tC
1 ' board aud room $1 to 1 9'/ per day, 86 to 12
per week; choice rooms 60 cents to $1: suite
rooms for family $1 10 *1 50 per night: first-class
service; coach, CHAIiLES MONTGOMERY.
.1 .iii«.iitii'i«i»iiiiriiiiiMiiftni ■ WiifimaniliWwaMTiimTirtWiniTTlifrii
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1596.
rFnsoNAts.
TO women. ; . .■
A Are you losing your health? " Do you suffer with
dizzrness, headache/ or any nervous trouble? If
so, you can be cured. Don't lose any time. Come
to-day.
DR. SMITH'S ELECTRIC BATHS
WiLL CUBE YOU.
i Patients treated- by mall, or, if desired, sunny ■
rooms and hygienic board at low rates. - DR. |
SMITH'S catarih inhalant quickly cures nasal
ca arrh, granu ted sore eyes. 50c bottle by mail.
Address 1533 Buchanan si, S. F. -
Ir>REE FXHIBITION TO-DAY— RESTAU-
rant, hotel men and private families cordially
Invite 1 to call aud Inspect Pr.-ngel's new broiling
system; meat broiled by this process remains
tender ana retains ill juice. Ladies; no black
fingers or soot; res. aurani parlors • onne«-ted wl.h
exhibition: meals, American or European styie:
highest gold medals. .124 O'Fariell st. .
I.UY THAT SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING;
-»■> $20. worth $40. Unc c Harris, 15 Grant aye.
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty: private no charge unless successful:
all lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.,
attended to. G. W.HOWK, atty-at-law, 85Q .Market
1. V MEANS OF PATENT HEATKRS I RE-
• J du.-e the time usually taken for shampooing
the hair considerably; shampoo, with' pain hair-
dressing, 50c: halrdressltig, 25c; •■Qulnonia"
Hair Tonic, *sc. Q. LISDIiUEK, 111 Stockton
su, near Geary.
ANIED— PUPIi.S; SPECIAL RATES; DAY
or evening classes; hairdressing 26c; up to
date. Parlors 1026 Market st.. over the Wonder.
1 ADY'ls UH-LINKD ENGLISH-MADE
-i-i coat: driving or traveling; new; g;eat sacri-
fice. 437 Geary sU • : , ;- . •
I^ARTINi.TON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
J and Newspaper I lustration— The Christmas
vacation extends from December 18 to January 4,
1897. Particulars at 424 Pine su
L OK »ALE— OF THE FINEST LOUISIANA
I mocking-birds, in song; will guarantee them.
239 Langton st.; apply beu 2 and ti p. m. '■
'1 THiii PJhJOPLK'S ONK DOLLAP. MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicine* fur-
Dished for $1; call or write. 1029 V& Market au,
bet. Sixth and Seventh. Ban Francisco, Cat.
URNEI'T'b COKN CURE— SURE t'l'KK FOrt
corns, bunions, warts: 260. oil Montgomery.
QUITS AN KU. r'Kh^StU, $1; KEI'AIKS
dyeing done. 131 Montcomery.r. , 6 it- I. red "374.
\Y ALL PAPER, 4C A ROLL: PAPER HANO-
'» Ing, painting etc., by contract or day's work, at
yourewn price- N.E. MEKIGAN. 1302 Webster st.
A SUITABLE CHRISTMAS PRESENT-FINE
XV watches, diamonds. jewelry lv great, variety at
factory price*. A. A. XI ITKH, 138 Montgomery.
TO WHOM If MAY CONCERN— THE PCX-
He is hereby notified that. On October 20, 1896,
the undersigned purchased the coal yard and busi-
ness located at 1511 California street.' San Fran-
cisco, aud that he will not be responsible for any
debts contracted in connection with said busin ss
prior to said date. I. is. BOSTWICK.
; Stockton. December 12, 1896. .
(Hi 1 A DOZEN— FINE OABINISTa Ai 1 WIL-
.vpL SOX'S Gallery. 1028 Markeu ..
HIGHEST PRICK PAID FOB 2D-H »ND La-
dies' and gents' clothes. Mrs. HAHR 316 3d.
hIG OUTDOOR STEKtOPTICON >HOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
ELI CTRIC LIGHTS IN' EVERY ROOM:
JU Winchester House. 44 Third st., r r. Market;
200 rooms, -'5c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to *6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AVK YOUR FEATHER-BEDS AND PlL-
lows filled. McC.vBE'S. 870 Mission, cor. 6th.
IVOKCi'. AND ANNULMENT OF MAK-
riage; terms of payment obliging; legal every-
where. Address lock box F, 9u6 Market St., S. F.
W E MAKK THE BEST *12 SUIT TO OKDKR
'" in the U.S. NEWHAI'SACO.. 115 Kearny.
I IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
1' elry, etc.; lowest rates. 943 Market st.
AGNIJSCOPE — NEW PROJECTING MA-
chine: uses the kinetoscope him s: price $250.
BACIGALCPI, 946 Market st.
1 (\l\(\ CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARDS, KTC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. HILL, 22J^ Geary st.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASK-
ment: floe edge put on razor for 25oents.
ATCHES, DIAMON i»S, JKWELKY OF ALL
kinds at reduced prices: mm: move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third at.
TJUPTUKK AND PILES CURIiD: NO PAY
It until cured: send for book. DKS. MASS
FIELD A POKThRFIELD 838 Market St.
LOAKS, FU rib AN i< aUITa KETAILKUAf
\J wholesale pricey. Factory. 20 bansome nt.
ljltt,33iUAhEitj.
SUITS MADE FKOM $3 UP: SKIRT*. 75c;
capes. $1: fl cuaranteed. 559% Stevenson sU
ILAIK\ Ox" ANTS.
MME. DR .THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVKAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas.,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: " good advice: sure
help; restores lost lov* by Bvnipainy; mistake Im-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. 929 Post su, nr I.arkl:i.
ME. (-CHMIDI, CLAIKVUYANT. TKLLS
past, present and future; success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low prices.' 856 Mission sU
ME. DE YOUNG, MAGNETIC HEALING;
card real Ing; charms. Room 3. 31)9 'utter.
EETH. DIAMOND- FOR «AL-. AT HALF
their value at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
MX. LEOKTTK— CLAIRVOYANT & BUS.
advice: 25c; one price. Sll.Tebama, nr. 4th.
MX. SiViiLLi.fi IKLL-, FKOil CRADLfc. TO
I'l grave: pictures given : Indies "sc: 914 O'Farrell.
\\ ISSMELVINA. CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
I\l future huiband or. wife, 60c. 766ya Howard.
ME. MOKEAU, BKST . CLAIKVOYANT
and medium In city; fee 26c up. 764 Howard sU
ME. WALTERS OF TEHAMA; CARD*-. LA-
dl»s, 250: gents, 60c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th.
ME. NELSON, FROM NEW YORK, CAKD
reader. KOa Eddy St.. room 1. , .
G~ YPSY LIFE- READER MOVED TO 8
Seventh su, nr. Market; ladies gents 50c.
UK. ANNIE DAVIS, LUCKY MAGNETIC
healer: cards read. Room 2, 122 Post su
TT-ORTUNES TOLD BY BOTH MOTHER AND
X 1 daughter; truths. 1335 Hyde su '
R-. B. B \ LMA N N, BKST-KNOWN CLAlK-
voyant in the city. Residence 132 Turk su
Vt ME. KAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
i» J business advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth
MET MABEL WOODS, CLAIRVOYANT
and magnetic bealer. Room 8. -07 Post su
ME. RAY Bi NNETT-CAKDSR. AD; MAG
netic healing specialty. X.2, 122 Post, Ist floor.
M ME. HAN SEN, PALMIST, LAKI>KKADKR:
ill past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th su, r. 6.
me. ruth Harrison OF NEW YORK,
1 magnetic healer; card reader. 109 a Powell
St., room 17. . , ■ ■
. •I'Ji.iUAl.nJl.
MME. OSMAN, TRANCE MEDIUM, INT E-
pendent card-reader, life read Ings, love aft. .Irs,
business, mining speculations. S3** Mission st.
UY THAI SOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING:
$15: worth $35. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
'111/- MCALHSTK 1 MRS. . «.'. J. * MEYEK;
OZiU test meetings < ■•ry nlcht. 10c- Wed. A
Fix, 2 p.m. ; trance cir.. .eve 25c: bus. sin ings $1
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT,
trance test medium and life reader.' 218
Stockton st
UKOPLt'S SPIRITUALISTS' SOCIETY. 11l
J. LarKin, Bp. M. : Dr. Trvon of Oregon and others.
T ADIKS' AID MKETS TO-DAY, 2 P. M. 418
XJ McAllister admission free. •
KRIVED.— MRS. BAX EH REYNOLDS,
test medium. 8 Mason st., room 8. ' -
A T 997 MAKKKT M l . TO-NIGHT; Ti> STS TO
iV all; Mrs. McKee. Dunham and others. -;■
cpKSr MEET NO 8 P. M.; 10c. 835 McaL-
-1 lister st. ; istltt, Clemens: skeptics Invited. .
KS. KLLIS, MEDIUM; SIITINGS.9 TO B, $1;
circles Tues., Frl.. 2P. M., 25c 233 Valencia.
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLATE
• writer. 118Hal~h St.; hours 9 until 6 p -M.
tiVA*>OTIS3I. . ..'
HYPNOTISM SCIKNTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
II success end. Hvpho' to. Mesmeric I 1
OKNTISTSJ
DR. Im T. CRANK— KXTR ACTION PAINLESS;
crown work, bridge wort and teeth without
plates a specialty. 336 Suiter, NX. cor. Stockton.
djj'7 FULL . SiU/lV OF 1 l-.KTH WOKTH $16;
O I . warranted 5 years: extraction free: filliuga
60c Chicago Dental Pnrlors.' 24 Sixth st.
OSITIVKI.Y PA I I ESS EXTRACTION.
X DX. HARDING, 500 Sutter: tel. main 6375.
R-. JES-UP, DKNTiST, FORMERLY SUT-
ier and Montsr'y, can be found 318 Kearny st.
AHALKAKT A CHALFANT, MO.VXD HtOJl
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell: briditeworU aspecialty.
LULL SET OF "IEKTH, S7. WAKKA.NTKD
■T filling 50c. crowns $3. DR. BROWN, 2ly 3 3d.
OLION DK.N'IAL AbSOUU iiON, hUbliAK-
ket St. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. .■ .-.
Clj7 A »XT FOR TfcK'i'H- WA i RAM'KD AS
«3) I good as can be made; tilling $1 DR. M.MUs,
dentist, 930 Market bu, next Baldwin .Theater.
1y AINLKSS J.XTKACIIoA, . 60c: . CltU
. bridge work a speciHity: plates $5 up: 13 year* ■
experience. R. L. WALSH, O.Us., 815% Geary
DR. LUDLUM HILi, 1443 11AKKK1' ST, NX.*
XJ Eleventh; - no charge • for / extracting when
plates are made: ; old plates made over like ' new: -
teeth Irom $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
L-JiT.Of TKEi H WlTauUl' A. PJualjK. DU.
0 H. O, Young, 1841 Polk ■!:. , , .
1 K. J. J. LjvKiv. liiO6 .MAKKKT, COX. GOLDEN
XJ Gate ; oi>en evenings: Sundays till noon.
ROOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
J ket, beu 3d and 4tb: ■ gas specialists; painless
♦xtracting. with gas, H; plates. $5 up: fill. SI up
K. GKORGIS W. LEEK. TilK tGItNUINK
. Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
•nd patentee of ■- improved s bridge . work or - teetb
without any plate, moved from 6t020 a Farrell -■
LL- WORK . . ASON A BLK AND,- W AH- '
ranted. US. J. \V. KEY. 1122 Market su 1
EDUCATIOSAt.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLKGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, telegraphy, languages, | English branches,
eiec:rlcal engineering: 1:0 teachers; 15.0UU gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue. ..:
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND- BUSINESS
College, 723 Market su ; expenses less, scholar-
ship better than elsewhere; itacners' preparatory
course free. ■ .-•'■■ ■ . ' v ; :
S~l£E THE SILVER WATCHES FOR $8;
wor h $20. Uncle Harris, 15 Gran aye. ■
YKKS - , THK. LKADIXG COLLKGB. 32»
Montgomery St.; Individual instruction la
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.:
lite scholarship $50: .1' w rates uer week and mo.
NGINEERINIi SCHOOL; MECH., KLKC.,
li civil, mining, survey, assay, • arcbiu. X ■ ray
taueht :es. 1864. VAN DER NAILLKN.723 Mkt
LjOOKKKKPiNG THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
1) or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARK, room 572, Parrott Emporium building. ■
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
• Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsal
on ftage. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. U. F. block. 7th and Mki
I FRENCH TAI'OHT: M*W METHOD; PRO
' f ess or direct from Paris. J., box 10. Call Office
'/I UITAK, MANDOLIN, PiANu AND VOOAi.
AT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Westhaus. SB Fifth.
UOOKKPNG. WRUNG, ARITHMTC. GRAMR,
-Ddav <£ night: no classes; $5 month. 845 Mission.
"VriGHTSCUUOL;HKALD'SBUS.COLLEOE;24
•IN Post;commercial,shorthand,Kngllsh:low rates.
ROF. LOUIS MXXXI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
INGING: PIANO; PARIS GRADUATE;
French. German laneiiß?es:s2 mo. ]09Taylor,r7.
: JuUsiCAL. : IAsTIiUiIIJiNTS. - ;
Ts""cHRisTM AS IS COMING AND YOU ARE
juL wondering what to give your loved ones for a
present, we suggest that you favorably consider a
piano; we are selling good-tonej second-hand
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month: beau if new
uprights for $6, $7, 8«, $9 and $10 per month:
no cash payment require.! larger than the above
amounts: all purchasers of upright pianos from
us have the privilege of exchanging same fora
Steinway any time within 3 years from date with-
out bacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. repre-
sentatives of Steinway A Son's .pianos, cor.
Kearny and Suiter sts., San Francisco; also Oak*
land, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle, Wash.
N UNPKECEDENTKD OPPORTUNITY—
A choice selection of the sweet, rich-tone
'•Hardman" in elegant cases: for 50 years univer-
sally recognized as the most durable piano in the
world; 50.000 of them used by musical people of
this country aod the royalty, abroad won first
prlz- at Columbian Exposition; prices low: a few
slightly used Hard mans and others will' be sold
this week at sacrifice prices to c ose them out be-
fore the Ist of the year THE J. DEWING CO.
Warerooms, secnnl floor, Flood building,
Fourth and Market sts.
A BSOLUTKLY THE OLDi-.ST AND LARGEST
A house west of Chicago is - KOHLER A
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell su; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all I
grades and price*: terms etsy: prices lowest;
everything possible done to pleasa and satisfy Uie
customer. : - ' ■ "'■■'■■•;-
CTUaLLY THIS BEST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; m our list for this week; pianos on ${
$4, $5, $0, $7, $8, $9, $10, $15, $'J0 monthly pay.
ments; tine stool and cover with each; delivered
. free anywhere in me city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCKiI CO,
salesrooms 933 Market si., opp. Mason.
AINKS, BUSH & OERTS AND KNABE PI-
Kirns; get oar reduced prices; fine second-hand
uprights, $135: organs, $36. W. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Poet »U
1/INE STEINWAY UPRIGHT. JN PERFECT
I order, great bargain: French upright, $60; new
pianos very cheap: call and see fine stock. THE
ZE.NU M AUVALS MUSIC CO., 769 Market sU
REAT BARGAINS IN SI ANDAKDPI ANOS
VX for the holidays; 5-ommer, $235; Fisher, $150:
Conover, $250; Steinway, $250; Shaw, $495;
from $1 a week up. HEINE, 136 Ellis M.
PIA-NOS S . ID, KENTKD. TUNED. RE-
X paired, polished, shipped, stored, for lower rates
than any other firm •in the city. J. HARRY
SCOTT, 626 Hayes SU .
A DMINIBTRATOR'S SALE — MUST SKLL,
A pianos at immense reduction for cash or on
Ins ailments. EATON ESTATE. 735 MarkeU
QPLENDID MUSIC-BOX; PLAYS 12 TUNES;
0 new: cost $30; only $15. . 415 Sacramento st.
AGNIFiCKNT NEW UPRIGHT PIANO;
best make; at half cost, 1921 Sacrameitont.
'(E«P>ft KMKRSON X SKWOOU PiAsO FOR
VtJu. silicon if 5 installments. 2il L aye '.worth.
L INE UPRIGHT FOR SALE; CHEAP. 833
V Castro st. : 1 i ■
ELEGANT NEW UPRIGHT PIANO; BAR-
Xj gain; storage warehouse. 211 Larkin st.
.4 MAGMFICENI STE SWAY: FINK CON-
/V dltion: sacrificed. Room 21, 809 Market st.
KAUTIFUL B CHSJ'EIN: IN USE ONLY 4
iJ months: sacrifice. E. W. LICK.II 6 McAllister.
ARE~CHa"«CE— FINE UPRIGHT, $125. 16
Xt McAllister, next Hibernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
OOD MARSHALL A WENDELL UPRIGHT.
$100. Bruenn Piano House.
VI AGNIFICKNTSTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
I*l Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
G. BADGE II. SUj.K A ENTFOKHALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon Pianos. 406 Sacto.
BYRON MAI ZY. 308 P> ST [ ST.— fOHAIER,
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
UPiiRIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHKK3, OLD* NEW
11. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 La. ham place.
~\ DOLLAR A Wf.nK ON RKN'T CONTRACT
rv hny« new rlam. 1 <<} R'lls «t.
liOJtISJSS.
ssalk— BLOOD BAY MARE: HEIGHT
. r 16.2 lianas; weight 1100 pounds; asre 6 years;
sound and gentle; trotted quarters in 36 seconds;
rangy and lengthy; will make a flan carriage or
road mare; wrice $200. ■
Also standard-bred am of backs; half brothers;
15.1 hands hUh and 5 years old; well-matched
and well-broken; can trot together In less then a
three-minute gait with, m training; price $160 to
Insure sale. Inquire at 347 -t remont st ,In rear.
CJOii TROTTING BROOD MARK BY r.CHO-
(jpOU. Nancy, or will exchange for lady' 1 saddle
horse. ■ For particulars i.p,.ly to E. IiAKK,.i.,
Kenwood P. 0., Sonoma County.
All HUKSKo ,XUtt SALK; ALSO WAGON -4.
til/ baggier carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 827 Slx.h su ; unction sales every WtaUi**
coy. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. '
I 111-. EMPORIUM BALKS * AKLIS, 220 V A.
-L lenda su, is the place to go If you want to boy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons ! or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturdar at 11 o'clock.
Uwi bKT NEW AND b-h.CONb-IiA.NiJ HAH-
O\j\j ness: all kinds: buggy, waeon, carts, surra/
* rockaway; 40 cheap horses, loth and Valencia.
lihAU DKIVING A.M» WOHK HOHSts;
O\f weiehi 1000 to 1700 lbs. BHi Howard «t.
HAOU.>.> AIM* I'AIiUUUtS,
UY THAT LADY'S biATpINV PRICE I $46;
. worth $80. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye. '■•• ■
VTJiW ANDStCOND-H.AND BAKERS', LA UN-
jLi dry, milk and grocery wagons: ■ also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
OOD SEiOND-HAND LIGHT KXPRESS:
V.T new platform: laun lrv: cheap. 414 Broadway.
• .. 1u a. bAI.X.-jUl3V>J^.liA.>x.O Ua.'
IVARiBKR^HOP~ FO Ift""' SaTkl 2^CrtAIRS;
0 good location: . g"od business. - Apply to
Sh-ldon Sign Co., 'l\Vi Third su ~
TOOK BALK— FRESH DUk HAM COW, 20
1 quarts rich milk: gentle. 1312 Folsom st.
UY THAT HOLITAIRE DIAMOND RING;
$20, worth $40. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
<m I A/| RAMB. EH BICYCLE; GOOD AS
(TT> JUU new; $35. Address D , box 1(51, Call.
BARGAINS IN CAMERAS FOR FEW DAYS
I> at 124 Geary su Removal Montgomery su
T>ICTURK-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9 IX.,
10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c; 11x14 and 12x16,
20c; 14x17, 26c; lt>x2o, 30c; IHx22, 35c: 20x24,
46c: 22x28 In.. 60c. ' JoNhS, 647 Mission St.
Oi STEIN DOW; JUST CALVED. RED
Flag, Six-mile station, San Bruno road. • ■-.'.-.
TRIG ILY HIGH-GRADE WHEELS; '96
model: new and a ■ few ■ slightly ! used; at a
siiecial bargain to close > out, before January 1.
Call a: 400 uattery Bt. v — • ; -'•-
BICYCLES THAT WK WILL BELL Bi- FORK
onr '97 stock arrives, new and second hand, at
less Lha 1 auction .'prices: a rare opportunity for
1 bristmas purchasers: call or send tor description.
INDIANA 810 VCLE CO., 410 Mission st , cor. Ist
A T FACTO WHOLESALE PRICK — KAT-
- v tan chairs, rockers, stands and odd pieces suit-
able for holiday presens. , : Stive you naif by call-
ing at once at Calitornla Rauau Company; til
First st , near Mission. ■.. . . ■ V ■:- ■
BARS, •■: SCALES. : MIRRORS, . : FRENCH
ranges, etc.. bought, sold. MXXX, 1118 Mission.
SECOND-HAND SAFE; FIRKPUOOF; V*,KY
.cheap. D.M. HAWLEY, 318 Market bu - •
PRINTING PRESS, TYPK. ETC.; FINE
X Christmas present. HILL, .22^ Geary, r. 39.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID GEXT»' 2D HAND
ciothlng ana dresses. FaBIAN."IO2O Folsum.
VTATIONAL CASH REGISTER, r GOOD , OK-
ii . der; also large. folding-door safe. ' 8 Mission st.
OKFBE . MILL. ' bCALKS, LETTER . PRESS,
J stand destf. money till, safe; cheap. - X 102 Clay.
MONARCH BLUE FLAME HKATKKS ARE
the btau W. S. RAY MFG. Co.. 12 California
ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, BUELV-
!.' Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1003 Mission. nr.7lh."
WOILER>,ENOINES,JD-HANU MACHINERY
1> water-pipes. Mclntosh Wolpraan, 137 Beale.
N E SMALL ■ M UAI AN JJ . LAKUE-SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. . IU9-111 Market su
'PHF.AP.EST AND BEST IN AMERICA^THE .
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free-. I ■•■ '--■-:■■- ■•.>';;.-■.■'.>■ " ■•■' ■-. ■; "-•-'.*.< - £-:
.'■'•.-: -.V .;/-■•. STOBAUE,::: '..; ',■■;.■,-.,. '-..•
QTORAGE-CHEAPEBT IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building: advances made. \ 211 Larkin.
I^URNITUKE, PI AN 03, v. TRUNKS-.- Al>
.'X l vances. shippins L. TAYLOK.2O4 Po*C'
;;■; : ; fUISIC'iA>S. f ---;'V 'i?^ \ :-;':■.?
DR. C. a O'DONNELL, 1206 i MARKET, COR
U Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a specialty <
CITY REAL - ESTATE. V •
REAL ESTATE ; "~~~ ;
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MA GEE & SON'S,
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
CHEAP AND REDUCED PRICES.
cm r; (\nc\ RENTS 8125; kw. COR. SUT-
«Jp I il.Uuu. terandSco.tsts.; 37:6x100; store
and flats. ■'* - ; >'
SUlfi &f\f\ AS 'OFFER WANTED on AC- '
■ tji) LD.OUv/. count, of foreclosure; NE. corner
Waller and Lngunasts. ; 110x137:6: 1 block from
Market si, 2 blocks from Valencia st- . -
VERY CHEAP: REDUCED TO $6000; 6TH
V it. ; 50x80 and 3-stor>- bui'diug: 3 stores be-
low and (5 flats above; near Bryant s'..
"\rERY CHEAP: REDUCED TO $1950; PA-
V cine aye. ; lots 27 :6r 100 ; facing into the Pre-
sidio; unobstructed view.
©l/ilUn HAMPSHIRE ST., NEAR 23D;
t|J) I IUU. house of 5 rooms ana lot 25x100.
d*Qn(\ri FINE 2-STORY; 8 ROOMS,
<J)Ot7UU. etc., and lot 25x114; N. side 23d St..
bet. Valencia and Guerrero; street accepted; cheap.
©nCfUVBUSH ST., BET. MASON AND
(JjyoUu. Taylor: 25x137:6 and 3-story; 11
rooms and bath. „-,
©QHrt COR. PIERCE AND FILBERT; 23x
«Jpt/Uv/« 80; one block .from Union-su cars.
_ OOC A COR. MISSION ST. AND RICH-
tipZZOU. land aye. : 26x100; electric-cars pass;
street sewered; easy terms.
©f)QAA NE. COR.* V EBSTE RAND HERR-
tjpZOUI/. mannsts.; 37:6x87:6: easy terms..
©9f%fifl 45x100; 23D ST.. BET. MISSION
tjp— COUU. and Howard; street accepted.
CL»OKnn EACH; OAK ST.. N. SIDE; 2 LOTS/
«3)_.«JUL/ i!sxlH7:6; bet. Brodericic and Baker.
TIBERTY ST.. BET. VALENCIA AND GUEft-
■i rero; 25x114, and 2-story, 6 rooms and bath;
price reduced to $3500, and offer, wan ted; fine
view. ' . .■ *;..■•■'":
CfQ^fllA NE. COR. D ST. AND 2 1ST AYE.,
tJpO~UU. facing the park; D st. graded and
macadamized; fine view of oceaa and headlands.
(JT.Q--A 40x103:6; E. SIDK TAKA ST., 160
«IP_jUVJ.' fu N. Mount Vernon aye., San Miguel
Homestead Association.
( 175— 100x120: in block 115, University Home-
stead Association.
$57 50— 2f>xl00; S. s. Shields St., 24 ft. E. Wor-
cester aye., block 1. City Land Association.
<. HAS. C I\^HER, 607 California st.
A_l. SP.fc.tK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
MONEY LOANED. :
. ■..■'■. •,, '-"•'. MONKY LOANED.
RENT COLLKCTORS— REAL ESTATE.
KENT COLLECTORS-REAL ESTATE.
I HKAP.
..i'v; CHEAP. " ■*?>*-.
1 $350— near .Tone 3 st. ; on a small street.
$1600- Only $200 down buys nearly new cottage.
!»IHOO— Lot on Haightst.: J5x120.
$2000— 2 good flats on a car line.
$8100—2 fine flats, half o lock from Geary- sU cars.
$4000— Corner store property : car line; lot 50 xbO.
$4100— 7-rooni residence, near Cal a. and Jones.
$4250—2 nice flats; block from Eddy and Jones
$4600— Fine residence; Western Addition: froms
2 streets; suitable for doctor. . . ■ , •
$6000— 3 brand-new flat*, near. Page: rents $48.
$6200—3 elegant flats ou Golden Gate aye.; rents
$64. ' ' -" " ■
$6500— Business' property on O'Farrell st, near
Orpheum.
$10,000— Business property on Hayes St., near
Market. .- ■■ ■ ' •- <
$20,000— Business property on 4th st.; rents
?170; 40 feet front.
$31 Business property on 6th st. : 80 feet
front: r>-nts $3000.
; $46,000 — Business property, good improve,
ments; cood tenant; rents $350 ;, big froutaKe
near Baldwin.
j $15,000— Market-st. property, near Baldwin,
well rented. . .
$600 rent a m^nth— Offer wanted for this fine
business property, near the Ba dwin Hotel.
O her bargains at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S, 602
Market st. • .
AYE 85 A MONTH '■ ~~
DO KING 1897.
Make up your mind to save $5 a month and
.. buy a lot. It Is the very best use you can
make of your money, as It is a splendid sav-
ings bank and one that pays ble interest.
«5 CASH AND $5 MON IHLY
Will buy a lot facing a street that is graded,
■ tewerod and macadamized; on the line of an
electric road.
PRICE $350.
Over 125 lots have been sold. Many homes
have ' een built; others now in course of con-
• struction. ■ - - >..•<:.-:
bEX THE CASTKO-ST. ADDITION.
Take Mission or Valencia s 1 . cars, transfer at
14th st. to electric road, transfer again at
30 h st. and ride 5 minutes 10 the cor. of Cas-
tro and Chenery sts. Agent on the ground
Sundays Call at our. office or on E. M,
LONG, 3207 2 'd st, cor. Mission.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
' ' '" • ■ •" '■ ' 10 Montgomery st
A HOLIDAY SUGGESTION.
BUY A LOT FOR CHRISTMAS.
What better present? For $5 down and $5 a
month we will sell you a choice of 19 lots in Hom-
er's Addition, 5x114 each: no Interest or taxes
to pay: price, $275. which is less than a<ijo ning
lots sold for « pot cash; fine locution on Twenty-
ninth st.. near Diamond, 3 blocKs from Castro-
street cable cars: this is an unusual opportunity;
no such lots for anywhere near that price can be
found elsewhere: they are actually cheap at $400;
these terms and price of $276 will hold for the holi-
days only, so buy now.
JACOB HKYMAX, Owner, 11 Montgomery st.
REAT BARGAIN; PACIFIC HEIGHTS:
T 2 new houses: all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas: will sell cheap: fine
marine view; conservatory. Fillmore and Green.
Apply BOVKE, TOY A SONTAG, 30 Montgomery.
CL' k >l A A 6-ROOMED COT I AGE.
tJp_jlUU. $1850— 4-roomed cottase. ; .-
Take Howard-su cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east on 24th su; large lots: easy terms. F.
NELSON, builder. ' "
C.-BEMIS, .- .- ■. . - ~
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2800— E. side of Stanyan st, bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. «
$450— Carlo* Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
50x12 7:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. —
• $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each at
park; 25x137:6 feet; electric roaa passes houses;
make offer. ■ . .. -.-••• .
$8500— Elegant NW corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and U st. : 109x95 ft.
BUY ELEGANT LADIES' GOLD WATCH;
916; worth $40. Uncle Harris, 16 Grant aye.
OT 50X100 AND COiTAGK, $600. $50
down : «10 monthly. ' PATTERSON A CO.,
2 Valencia st . - • ■
(JjOrna 4 LOTS WITH IMPROVEMENTS
tjpOtyUU. that cost $3700, or will take unim-
proved San Francisco ) roperty as part pay; must
be clear. SCKIBXKK A Co.. 7 City Hall aye..
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, posc-
age free. - ■
X a»«j if Jt.il i. t io Jc_ UUAMuK.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
X 1 property; modern 10-room house, and lot 56x
118: close to business center in Oakland; value
$6500. WM. J. DINGKE, 460 Eighth st., Oakland.
O^A-Ai BE RANCH FOR BUSINESS I.V
~-i\) city or house and lot. THOMAS A CO., i>3
' Sixth su, room 18. ......... ....
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOOSTE It <fc WHITTON. San Jose.
fTUMBER— II:BO ACKKS; KERN CO.: PLENTY
1 water; excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16, Call.
* . WEEK'S NEWS FOR - 5 : CENTS — TUB
/T. WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing. .
'=• *"' f. PROFESSIONAL CARDS. ;
JOHN K. I'.ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOM-)
J 26 and 27, Crocker fcuiltliu.; keiejmone Main
75, San Francisco, Cat ■?. : • • '
JOHN K. AITKKN ANDMAURICBL. ASHKR.
attys *- law. mis 615.616. sth floor. Parrot told. .
..'"■'■ - IiICYCL.ES. ■:;. -'v ; ..
7?O^^SATE^^2iRE^TIfEW^rG^G^ArJE
r bicycles. $3J each. Apply at Palace Baths,
716 Filbert St., between 11 and 2.
PECIAL BARGAIN: NEW AND SECOND-'
hana; highest grades; ■■. lowest prices. * DAVIS
BROTH Ens, Cycle D«pt.. v 25 Geary su '-'-■■ •■•
PHOTOGRAPHERS ■ SUPPLIES.
~£fi£
<tp*.J. size 3V4X4V4. > 124 Geary st v
• PROPOSALS. '
pROPOSALS^FOR^THE^ ERECTION ' OF^A
X brick BChooihoase. Oflic<t Board or Education,
San Francisco. December 12, 1896. In accordance
with a reso.ution adopted by the Board of Educa-
tion of - the City and County : of san Francisco,
Sealed Proposals will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common -Schools, In > open session of
the Boar i 1 of ~t ducai-.oii. on Monday, December
28, 1b96, at 8:: jO o'clock P. it, for ' the - erection
and completion of a brie school building on a lot
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and Dolores
streets, in said City and Con it/, |.i accordance
with plans and specifications, which may be seen
at the office of Charles J. Havens, architect of said
board, room 55, Flood building, southwest corner
Fourth and Market streets. - Separate bids will be
received for (1)- the building exclusive of the
work for which spe lal bids are | required: * for (2)
heating ana ventilating, and ft r (3) plumbing a. id
gasfittlng. ■ Each bid most be accompanied by a
certified check as required -by • the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contrac s may be
awarded will be required prior to or at time of the
execution of the contracts to pay their proportion
of the cost of advertising this no. lee in three daily
newspapers. * Blank - proposals - furnished by the
secretary. ■ The . board I reserves the right to reject
any or all bids, or an y portion of ■ any ■ bid as the
public good may reouire. ■%■••-»'--.•.
• " i GEORGK BEANSTON, Secretary.-
'"■ COUNTRY " KEAI '-* ESTATE. "■". ' "-"
TTATCH-ARMSTRONG NUT ORCHARD.
The soil and climate of this portion of the State
are especially suited to almond culture and many
hundreds of acres of this nut are now in fall bear-
ing: among the great properties which have trans-
formed this section of the Mate the most Import-
ant is that of the Ha-.ch-Armatrong Co., called
the sierra VUta ranch; its possessions consists
of 1015 acres: of this great tract 500 res are
devoted to almonds: one ton to the acre is a fair
crop: the Merra . Vi-ta wl l: average even better
than this; as the nuts bring at least 8 cents per
pound it is evident a goo 1 on hard should bring lv
5160 per acre per year: these almonds are all of the
soft or paper-shell varieties and. lor.these there is
always a good mar^e ;. besides the almonds there
are hundreds of acres planted in peaches, figs,
apricots, prunes and other iruits.
GOING IN 20-ACRE LjTS. . ~ .
A GENUINE SNAP.
■■•-'-. . SEND FOR MAPS.
BOVEE, TOY <SE SONNTAG,-
-.:''•"- 30 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
\l cMAHAaN ESTATE . "^
SSL
COLONY TRACT
Is belne sold In small holdings to actual settlers at
reasonable prices and on most favorable terms: no
land in the world is richer than that In the va.ley
of the Putah Creek; none can surpass in fertility
of soil and beauty of location the McMahan
rancbo, adjacent to the town or Winters.
Formerly a part : of • the old Wolfskin ' grant,
known far and wide as the very best tract of land
in California. Put ah Creek flows through the Mo
Mahan I ract, and every foot of the 1000 acres
now being subdivided will produce anything, from
cabbages and onions to oranges, lemons and pome-
granates. The location is but 76 miles from San
Francisco, and is in the midst of as beautiful a
country as one could wish to see It is an ideal
region for the Intelligent, Industrious, well-to-do
home-seeker. Two thousand . acres sold since
January 1, 1896. ' *;• • . •■■■:
Send for maps and full Information.
BOVEE, TOY A SOXNTAG,
30 Montgomery St., S. F.
WE ARE SELLING THAT SPLENDID NUT
orchard of the Hatch-Armstrong Nut and
Fruit Company: 20-acre lots, all full-bearing trees;
oon't fall to Inquire about this.
tOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
/...'-: SO Montgomery st. .
AlO-ACRE PRUNE ORCHARD: ON LEVEL,
rich bottom land; frontingon Alameda Creek,
in Alameda County ; a rich and rare offering.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
: . 30 Montgomery st,
THE 1500-ACRE GOAD TRACT IN ALA-
meda County is going in subdivisions of 25
acres up as low as $35 per acre: send for map and
description. BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
-:•;' cO Montgomery st.
BLUE LAKES. •> - '
•» • ' SUMMER RESORT,
With 260 acres and all building improvements. is
offered for sale or exchange; this property is clear
of all debt; submit an offer, i -. . • • ■•: \-
■/":■.-•:' BOVEE, TOY A SONNTAG,
>. . ■/■ .. . 30 Montgomery st.
m HE PROBLEM SOL ED.
PROFITABLE FARMING.
CHEAP TRANSPORTATION.
ONLY 20 MILES FROM STOCKTON.
HEALTHFUL CLIMATE.
DELIGHTFUL HOMES.
GOOD CROPS, WITH OR WITHOUT IRRI-
GATION.
QOA ACRKS ON SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY
i>£ \) Railroad, near Escalon San Joaquin
County, Cal. ; under Stanislaus ■ canal; level and
lertile; suitable to a.falfa. sugar beets, grain, fruit
(including oranges), vegetables, etc.
PRICE ONLY $40 PER ACRE.
For further particulars address
. . MCAFEE BROS.,
Real Estate Brokersand Financial Agents, .
108 Montgomery st-, San Francisco.
flTjjCfk CHICKEN OUTFIT; 250 LAYING
t)v/. hens; horse, wagon,, harness, cow, in-
cubator-brooder, farming and . small tools; place
to let, SlOO per year; 14 acres: sandy soil; all
nicely improved; 2 miles from here. GKO. C
YANG, Petaluma. . ; ■ .
AKIN CO. 8000 acres: 26 miles from city;
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable land; rail
or water transit; $40 to $75 per acre: ernn to
suit- SYNDICATE IN V'T CO., 65 Chronicle bid?.
» LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS SELLING
J\ the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
ever offered in Alameda County in small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, 1% hours from San Fran-
cisco; price $20 to (40 per acre: half cash; owner
must sell: title perfect,' investigate. b7 Chroni-
cle buildln?. - '
t.\l) FoR ILLUSTKATKD PAMPHLET OF
California lands for sale by H. FRANCIS,
rooms (59-71 Chronicle building, San Francisco.Cal.
UY THAT FINE DIA. STJTD: PKICE *55;
worth »100. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
11TLK HOMES. CLOSK To TOWN . IM-
proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoiua
City: every Monday at 632 Market St.. S. F.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
ae free. ' ' '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND SEAL ESTATE.
T> ARGAINS— *4'O PER LOT; 3 LOTS, 25x120
Jt) each; situated on sixteenth su, near Mxtvemh-
su depot and opp. ate of proposed park; street
work all done. WM. J. DINGEE, 460 Eighth st.
Oakland.
d£7CTO $150 FOR CHOICE BUILDING
«P I O lots In the town of Fttchbarg; a new sta-
tion established near Oakland, on the Hay wards
and San Leaudro local line, by the Southern Pacific
Company; only 45 minutes from San Francisco
and 6 minutes from Oakland: electric-cars ev«ty
ew minutes; terms to suit, buyers. Apply to
C M. KUNKLK, owner, 915% Washington su,
Oakland, Cat .:,,
(ft 1 C(\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
tH) 1 O\J. Fruitvale; electric cars; only 91 down
and $1 a week; selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PlNNEY. .owner, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOTELS.
YOU WILL FIND A FEW LARGE DESIRA-
bIe rooms at The Raymond; south and east
front: single and en suite; prices with boari, S5O
to $60 per couple: 668 Twelfth st,, bet. Clay and
Jefferson. Addreat R. S. YOUNG.
ALAHEDA ADVERTISEMENT
ALASreDA REAL ESTATE.
k 6 ~T ; LN^*L^T^rS^xT9^rC^N^R^L*A^ : ETAND
Park st. : great bargain.
4 lots, north side san Antonio aye., 60x150;
offer wanted. -• . ■ ■
1 lot, 4.ix3Vo, Clinton aye. : make an offer.
2-story house, 7 rooms; lot 45x150; Blanding
aye.: only $1500; bargain; easy terms.
Lot, t>oxl2s, Bueua Vista aye., 2 blocks from
Bay-sU station: only $600.
9 rooms, new; lot 6Ux160, Ban Jose aye.; bar-
gain. '-«. - ■
10 rooms, new: lot 49x150; San Joseave.; ele-
gant house: bargain, 1&. L>. JUDD, 1424 Park
aye.. lameda. - ■•■■.■
juuJS *; V '1 o LOAN.
GiQfkfk nnn AT 6 Vi PER CENT on city
gOv/u."UU real estate; also Oakland, at bank
rates; estates In probate: any sum. >HAINWALD,
-BUCKBKE A CO., 218 and 220 Montgomery sU
DV A > ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. . BALDWIN JEWKLKx
STOKE, 948 Market su : open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, 2D.OR 3D M AGES,
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate; furniture and pianos .without removal.
McCOLOAN. 24 Montgomery su. room 3.
WIsE AND SAVE INTB.Rf.ST — MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges fur sale cheap. |
IKECTO.N YOUR FURNITURE OK PIANO,
no removal; no delays: ; no commissions; low
iutere-iU Km. 68. Donohna bldg. 1170 Market su
»')>); ftOn AT * X KATE-.; ,ISsT AND
tJ)O— «J.UUV/ 2d mortgages, estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low as f 50. H. MURPHY, 628 -Market su
ADV A ON DIAMONDS. JEW ELKY.KTU
Columbia Loan A 1 ollateral Office, 9 (.runt aye.
PRIVATE P KTV LOANS ON ANY GOO.U
■L security: low lnteresU N.. box 15, Call Office.
*NY AMOUNT: LOWEST KATK; IST A2D
J\ mortgage: flat or Installment. Dryden, 535 CaL
A WL'BK'S NEWS. FOB 5 CENTS — TH»
: iX WEEKLY CALL, is wraoper. for mailing. .
rAUMSKOKUKS.
IGHEST 7 PRICE "pAID FOR CAST OF
clothlne. to.«niopo Iran loan Office. 49 Third.
bUWLSii aiAVUXKKS.
"^\IIJ^KIN DS^BOUO HT, SOLD/iBXCHANGEfIT
-Jo.- rented .repaired; lowest rated. 205 Fourth su
-.":. : 31 AKKI A<; X - LICjOnUBI . -
v ■
Th* following marnase licenses have been
iasu-d by the Count y Cler . 's office :
I. Joseph and 1 eb-cca Jacobs, 27— 20. i
I Henry Dodion and Fanny Allen. 22—18. •
Krneit Hardt and Mai ie Saftlg, 52— 49. ' -'"*
Erick Erlcksen »nd Lucie C. Nalloway, 36—30.
John A. Aubry and Klttie T. (Cotter, 27—21.
i P. Wraity and Mamie 1. Ga lather, 36—22. 1
A. H. Wilde and Ka ie H. l.i,'U'ins. V 6-19.
W. J. Dempse • and Mary K. re:erson, 21—19.
W. A hem aid Catherine a. Higirins, 22—21.
T. J. B Win Jr. and Hulda L. Isham.'24— 'l2.
K. Anderson and Miry Rasmms-n, 26— a'-.
M. M. C. Dinlo?e-an<l Mary Tooasal it. 21 — 17.
lttlil& — MARRIAGES—
i '■'■■■■'i . IBOK.V.
GREEN— In Los Angeles. December 21, 1898, to
the wife of Louis S. Green, a daughter.
MAHONEY— In this city. December 20, 1836, to
the wife 01 W. J. Mahoney. a son.
SEEBA— In this city, December 22, 1696, to the
w if a of John Seeba, a son.
.WIGHT— In this city, December IS, 1893, to the
wife of F. J. Wight, a son; ...
• ' '■■ .VAKKIKI). =
ABRAHAM— DAVIS— in this city, December 20,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Hyman Abra-
ham and Bella Davis.
SCHMIDT— REDDEHASE— December £0, 1896,
by the Rev. Paul Branke, Alfred Schmidt and
Johanna Rend-hase.
DIED.
Bagllatto, Annie Kirman. Elizabeth A.
. Brennan, Bridget - Kozmlnsky, Harmon
Bnrress, John W, . Leblanc. Francois
Cabill, Andrew McDevltt, James
Calden, Caloise H. Marshall, John
Champion. Joseph B. Monk, Peter
Davis, Delia T. Morrison, John
Emanuel, Henry J. Newman, Joseph
Gaudin, Joseph L. - Praey. Julia F. ■■
- Goff, George P. 1 . Randall, May A. '
Hildebrant. Joseph H. Sheerln, -Mary
Kelley. Elizabeth ' Smy b, Margaret
Kimba-1, Jennie : . ' Sullivan, Bartholomew
BAGLIETTO— In this cUy. December 21, 1898,
- Annie, beloved wife of James Baglletto, mother
of , Babtlate, - Willie and Isabel Baglletto. . and
sister of John 1-dgar, a native of Maxwelltown,
Scotland, aged 28 . year 8 : mouths and 6 days.
[Maxwelltown (Scotland) papers please copy.
*3TFrlendi and acaualntanciM nr» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
res.dence. 2314 Taylor st.eet, between Francisco
and Chestnut. Interment Italian Cemetery.
BRENNAN— In this city, December 21, 1893,
Bridget, Beloved sister of Peter Brennan, a na-
i tive of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 37 years.
BURRESS— In this city, December 22, 1893, John
W.. dearly beloved husband of i. ary Elizabeth
Burress, ana father 01 Walter, Nana and Cadie
Burress and Mrs. Joseph Staug,* native of Mis-
souri, aged 51 years 8 months and 16 days. .
CA HILL— In Oakland. December 21, 1898, An-
drew Cahill. a native 01 Oakland, aged 8 years
and 'i months. .' . :.•'■ ;;V:
CALDKN— In this city, December 20, 1896,
Caloise H. Calaen, aged 2 years and 14 days.
CHAMPION— In this city, December 22, 1H93,
Joseph B. Cham father of Mrs. Lizzie
Hawke, Mrs. Main c Kaiser, Mrs. Ellen Harris
and J. B. Champion, a native of England, »gea
, 65 years.
DA VIS— In this city, December 22, 1896. Delia T.
Davis, a native of New Orleans, aged 45 years.
EMANUEL— In Benson, Ariz.. December 17,
1896, Henry J. Emanuel, beloved son of Amelia
j and the late Lewis EmanueL and brother of Mrs.
. I L. LOwengrund/Mrs. M. S. Newgass and Eliza-
i beth .and Joseph L. Kmanuel, a native of San
. Francisco, aged 26 years ana 11 months. .
&9~Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2
o'clock p. m., from his late ' residence, 1916 Paci-
; , lie avenue. . Interment private.
GAUDIN— In West Berkeley, December 21,1893.
Joseph L. Gaudiu, beloved husband of Mrs. Caro-
line Gaudin, a native of France, aged 61 years
3 months and 4 days.
' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TU-ilOllKt) \V
(Thursday), from h.s late residence, Stockyards,
West Berkeley, thence by 12 o'clock m. creek
boat, arriving at ban Francisco, foot of Market
- street, at 1:35 o'clock p. m.
OOt'F— ln this city. December 20, 1896, Georee
P. Goft a native ox New York City, aged 70
years. ■- -.".--Vr-
HILDEBRANT— In this city, Decemb»r2l, lB96.
Jotepa Henry Hildebrant; beloved son of George
and Bernardina Hltdebraut, and N brother of
George, Charles, Victor and Phillts Hildebrant,
a native of san Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months
and 20 days.
jB£S"Frlends and acquaintance? nre respect-
fully invited to' attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 432 Hayes street, between
Gough and Octavia. Intermeiu uypresi Uwa
Cemetery.
KELLEY— In this city, December 21, 1893.
at her residence, 447 Bartlett street, Eliza-
beth, relict of the late J. c. Kelley, and mother
or George p.. James H. and Walter A. Kelley,
Mrs. William Winter. Mrs. J. O. Kice and Wil-
liam and Loretta Kelley, a native of su John,
New Brunswick, aged 63 year, and 7 months.
er'l'be funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from her
late residence, 447 Bartiett sired:, thence to St.
James Church, corner Twenty-third ana Guer-
I - rero street Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIMBALL— In this city, December 20. 1896,
Jennie Klmball. beloved wife of Charles H.
Ktmba'.l. motuer of Camille, Ethel and Charle*
H. Klmball Jr., daughter of P. and the late Mary
Dent, and sister of Mrs. J. E. Allen and John,
Alice, Daisy and James. Dent, a native of San
Francisco, aged 28 years 8 months and 14 days.
&s~Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m., from her
late residence, iHDOV-s Folsom street. Inter-
• ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. t
KIRMAN— In Fitchbnrg. December 22, 1896,
Elizabeth Ann, dearly beloved wife of Herbert
W. Kirman, a native of England, a^ed 4j years
3 months and 19 days.
. X9~Friends and acanatntancei «r« rf>sn9ct-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(lhursday), at, 11 o'clock a.m., from the par-
lors of smiley A Fowler, 15_4 Park street, Ala-
meia. interment Mountain View Cemetery.
KOZMINSKY— In this city, December 20, 1898.
Harmon Kozmiusky, a native of Germany, aged
67 years 1 month and 2? days.
LEBLANC— In this city. December 19, 1891.
Francois Leblanc, a native of France, aged 60
years. " \
MoDEVITT— In this city, December 20. 1896,
j Jamei McDevitt. beloved father of James, Jos-
eph, Mary Frances, Margaret, Frank, and Vin-
cent McDevitt, a native 01 County Donegal, Ire-
lan 1, aged 63 yean.
- j(3TFriendi and acanalntances fire respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. * from his late
residence, 1709 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem mast
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clooic a. it. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MARSHALL— In the City and County Hospital,
December 21, 1890, John Marshall, aged 61
years. . .
MONK— In this city, December 22, 1896, Peter
Monk, a native of Germany, aged 31 years.
MORRISON— In this city, December 22, 1886. at
his residence. 869 Noe street, John, beloved hus-
band of the late Mary Morrison, and father of
Alex. Joe, Gilbert, Frank and Rosie Morrison a
native of County Antrim, Ireland, aged 58
i years.
Notice of funeral hereafter. ,-..-.-..-.
NEWMAN— In this city. December 22. 1896,
Joseph Newman, ■ beloved husband of Ama In
Newman, and father of .Mrs D. Kraus, Mrs. H.
>ngemann. Mrs. Jacob Bricb and Adolph. Her-
mann and badie Newman, a native of Hungary,
! aged 84 years ana 21 days.
PRACY— in this city. December 20. 1898. Julia
■ Frances, beloved wife of the late George Thomas
Praey, a native of England, aged 76 years and 7
mouths.
RANDALL— In this dtr, December 21. 1896. May
Augusta, daughter of Augusta and the late
; Albert Gallatin Randall, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
Friends are resDectfnllv lnvit«l to n«*nt
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at i o'clock p. m., at the residence of her mother,
1915 Baker street. • Interment private.
SHEERIN— In this city. December 21, 1888,
Mary ~; Sheerio, - beloved mother of Thomas
Sbeerin and Mrs. W. B. Hanley, a native of Ire-
land, aged 62 years. .
ASTFi-ienrif and acquaintance - are rPsD«?t-
folly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
- (Wednesday), at 8:45 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of he.- daughter, 301 Ivy avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
3MYTH— At the Convent of Notre Dame. Marys-
vllle, December 22. 1898, Margaret Hmyih (Sis-
ter Mary de Chan: el), beloved daughter of
Bridget and the late U U. amyth, a native of
San Francisco, ageu 27 years.
SULLIVAN— In this city, December 21, 1898,
Bartholomew, beloved -son of Marcella and the
late Patrick Sullivan, a native of san Francisco,
age l *7 years. .- . •■ ; ;
BST Friends . and acquaintances am respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
reside cc, ■ 101 Howard street, thence 10 St.
Patrick's Church, where » solemn requiem
mass will be cele orated for the repine of his
- soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment
Holy Cross * emetery. •
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDIXO ASSO-
ciatlon — Tne : regular monthly requiem high
mass for the deceased members of the abova
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of ' the members, will be celebrated In
' St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Steiner streets,
■ THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 7:30 O'clock a. M.
: Friends are Invited to attend. ;
;' MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, T
FCNERAL DIEECTORS & EMBALMKRB,
to Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS ' AND EMBALMED
FUNERAL UIRECTOKS, •
IP Van Ness aye., near auirne. at, «**" *'ranc!»oa
Telephone so. 156. . .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN HATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CfiMß.
tery to the city; non-sectarian; la no seas* ax-
elusive; location - unexcelled. Office W? ii.ui.rn '•
■ •treed southeast corner V uixUh
1516
LIQUOR MEN ARE
MUCH EXERCISED
See a Menace in the Pro
posed State Saloon
License.
Claim it Will Be a Discrimina
tion Against San
Francisco.
Has Been a Fruitful Topic of Discus*
sion Among the Members of
tbe C P. A.
In the proposition of the Code"Commis
eion to impose a State tax of $300 a year
on every retail liquor-dealer or saloon
keeper, the majority of the local dealers
pee an attempt to impose on San Fran
cisco more tnan its just proportion of the
bnrden of providing means to carry on the
State government.
It has also had this further effect — it has
raised a decided and considerable differ
ence of opinion among the City members
of the California Protective Association,
the organization oi the wholesale and re
tail liquor-dealers of the State. Some are
of the opinion that a high license in this
City, while it would probably diminish
the number of saloons, would greatly tend
to improve the financial standing of. those
who remained in business.
President J. P. Edoff of the California
protective Association, while admitting
that the matter has been a subject of dis
cussion among the members of the asso
ciation, declined to state what action, if
any, the association would take when the
matter was before the Legislature.
Another prominent member of the as
sociation, however, went fully into the
details of the Question.
"This recommendation of the Code
Commission," said this gentleman, "is
undoubtedly due to a suggestion made by
Governor Budd. Its object, ss it appears
to me, is to discriminate again>t San
Francisco in the matter of raising revenue
tor carrying on the State government.
"There are about 12,000 saloons in the
State, ami these now pay an average tax
of about $2UO a year in county and munic
ipal licenses. This recommendation of
the Code Commission will impose an ad
ditional burden of $300 a year on the
liquor-dealers of the State in the shape of j
a State license. This would mean a reve
nue of $3,600,000. or more than half the
amount necessary to run the government
of the State.
"In the southern part of the State the
county licenses are much higher than in j
San Francisco. In San Diego, for instance, '
the tax is $1200 a year and in Los Angeles J
$800, and in Alameda County the saloon !
license is $400, while there are additional \
license fees for the cities of that county.
"On the otner hand, the saloon license j
in San Francisco is only $84 a year. When !
it is considered that more than 6000 of the
12,000 saloons in the State are in San Fran
cisco the injustice of the $300 State tax
will be immediately perceived. It would
mean that Sau Franci-co would have to I
bear nearly half of this tax. My idea
is that the liquor people of the other coun
ties will also opDose the State license, as
it will only tend to increase their ex
penses.
"Another point that has been fruitful of
much interesting discussion is the propa
ble effect of such a tax by the State. Ar- i
tide Xl, section 11 of the constitution, pro- |
vides as follows:
Any county, etty, town or township may
make and enforce" within its limits all sucli
local, police, sanitary and other regulations
as are not in conflict with general laws.
"It is under this provision of the consti- j
tution that counties and municipalities
impose saloon licen.-es, and it is claimed
by some that a State license would vir
tually make all other licenses unneces- i
sary, as they would be 'in conflict with j
general laws.' The result would be to de- !
pnvp many counties and towns of an im- ]
portant source of revenue, while in a pro
hibition county like Sutter the way would
be open for any one who was willing to !
pay the State license of $300 to opm a
saloon and thus defeat the will of the
peonie.
"On the other hand, it is held that the
Btate license would have only the same
status as a United States revenue license —
it would give the individual procuring it
the right to do business only by and with
the consent cf local authorities, and would
be secured at the purchaser's risk."
Another Chinese Clubhouse.
In order to be in ihe fashionable swim of
Chinatown the Chung Ga Heiig Social Club
has filed articles of incorporation, the objects
being hinted to be to carry on the business of a
clubhouse for the entertainment and profit oi
such persons as may become members of tlie
corporation. The organizers are: Chin Sam,
dee Foo, Chin Lock, Lee Jing Hinz and One
Quan.
SEW TO-DAY.
" The world is ever as we take it,
And life, dear child, is what
J^^dft&W^SWt - This waR the sen "
*WZ,? 'i\iY', timent of an old
W^A'Hal ' lady to her rand -
MlkWiwßWMMli I child Mabel. And
■fc^re^-^sHpS?^ many a Mabel has
j ij^^^^^% vfound it to be true,
• ■f^-J^f/^^^ and she has taken
maiml'/i? care of her health -
SJM i jjmß y She keeps on hand a supply
y I 'we ' of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription, and so is not troubled with those
wasting diseases, weaknesses, "dragging-
down " sensations and functional irregu-
larities that so many women endure.
"Favorite Prescription" contains no al-
cohol to inebriate ; no syrup or sugar to
derange digestion. As peculiar in its rem-
edial results as in its composition.
As powerful, invigorating tonic, it im-
parts strength to the whole system, partic-
ularly to the womb and its appendages.
For feeble women generally, Dr. Pierces
Favorite ' Prescription is unequaled as an
appetizing cordial and restorative tonic.
A Book of 168 pages, on "Woman and
Her Diseases," their Nature, and How to
Cure them by home treatment, sent sealed
in plain envelope, on receipt of ten cents
in stamps for postage. This book is pro-
fusely illustrated with wood-cuts and col-
ored plates, also, with a vast number of
reproduced photographs of those cured by
the use of " Favorite Prescription and
without having to go through the ordeal of
consulting a doctor. Full names and ad-
dresses are given so you can correspond
and learn their experiences in curing them-
selves. Address, World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N. Y.
Mrs. Jos. G. Col- >BfWill?3§i3fev
i.ins, (p. o. Box 287) iSaHSl&Jiate^.
of Alfred Centre, Alle- WmliHffftpfflnßfiK
ganyCo.,N. K..wntes:
" I took' Prescription (w BbDQ^rl Hjn,
Favorite Prescription fW^Z_ Wu
'for three months and VjfdP^'<(P&^W«li
it helped me mo.re ■ |k g?? Wffy
than all the other lj' J\^ fy
medicines that I had M A43A r
taken. Had been sick .• 1 'J?* I
for four months with X f.
uterine troubles— can ' /tV^^^.t /M^
now be around on my /*? \to
feet without any \ yg.* TT^Bgp^KraiML^
trouble whatever; l>e-^Xi^du,<Uf^^'^gmr
fore taking ' Favorite 'WW^MzjJ^IK^P
Prescription ' I could *» /V^ ;
hardly get around at . : „„ ..„■ •-»'-" „■
all. I hope this state- Mrs. Collins.
xnent will benefit others."
The Tug Vigilant, "With the Pilot Commissioners and a Number of Underwriters on Board, Seeking
to Locate the Rock on Which the Centesima Struck in North Channel Last Monday.
SEARCHING FOR
A HIDDEN ROCK
Pilot Commissioners Look
ing for th 9 Centesima's
Bete Noir.
The Vessel Struck When Coming
Through the North Channel
Last Sunday.
Arrival of the Remains of the Cele
brated American Writer Kate
Field.
Among the arrivals yesterday was the
Occidental and Oriental Company's steam
er Belgic. She left Yokohama while
smallpox was raging in Japan, and in
consequence Dr. Blue and Dr. Ciialmera of
the respective quarantine boats demanded
an investigation. The vessel was thor
oughly overhauled, but no sign of disease
being found she was released and went to
her usual wharf.
The Beltric brought over thirty-rive
cabin passengers. Among them was Ches
ter Holcombe, formerly in the diplomatic
service of ihe United States. Mr. Hol
combe was acting Minister at Peking for
several years and before that was under
secretary. He is eoing to Washington.
He expects to return to China in the
spring and take the management of a
mercantile firm in Japan.
S. Nagata and S. Tomouaga, represent
ing the Merchant Steamship Company of
Japan, are bound for London. The com
pany has just bought a steamer in England
and they will take her to Japan, where she
is to run in the Indian trade.
Among the other passengers were: Miss
E. Babbitt, Miss EL J?. Boughton, Miss E.
E. Smith and Dr. Mary Brown, mission
ar.es, wiio are returning to their homes in
the East; E. S. Quackenbush, a New York
merchant, and vis family, ami Lieuten
ants Friiz Reiss, E. Unger, C. H. Jager,
Paul Boemke, E. Mauer and yon Ko^chem
nahr of the German navy, who are re
turning home on a leave of absence.
The most notable arrival, however, was
among the cargo. It was the remains of
Kate Field. She died many months ago
and her body was buried on the island of
Oahu. in the Hawaiian group. Later her
friends thought her resting-plate should
be in America, and after many difficulties
they succeeded in having the coffin sent
here from Honolulu. It is intended, that
the remains will be cremated here, then
the ashes will be sent to Mount Auburn.
The remains are consigned to Henry
E. Hiehton, and were removed to Hal
ated & Co.'s undertaking parlor betore
being sent to the crematory. Owing to
the many failures to snip the casket the
memorial committee was not notified of
its arrival until noon yesterday. Mrs.
Henry Hiehton, under instructions from
Executor Kohlsaat, has charge of all ar
rangements.
On Monday, November 23, the Kate
Field memorial committee met at Shasta
Hall and arranges to hold memorial ser
vices in Trinity Church on arrival of the
body. Those who took an active part ai
the meeting were: Rev. (jeorge Edward
Walk, pastor of Trinity Church; Miss
Hiester H. Dickinson. Miss Ina Cooibrith,
Mrs Frances Fuller Victor, Mrs. Frances
B. Eagerton and Charles Eiwin Markham.
'lne Press Ciub oi this Cny nas appointed
a committee, consisting oiDr. Philip Mills
Jones, W. C. Bunner and E. D. Dement,
mat will co-operate with those detailed to
arrange for the memorial services.
The funeral services will take place at
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner Bush
and Gough streets, on next Sunuay at 'Z
p. m., and the body will De immediately
afterward conveyed to the crematory,
where it will be incinerated.
The foilowin.- gentlemen will act as pall
bearers: Mayor-elect Phelan, A. W. Foster,
Percy Morgan, C. M. Coe and \V. C. Bunner
lor me Press Ciub, James S. Tyler of Hie
Bulletin, Henry James of the Examiner, W.
F. Burke of The Call, James P. Booth of
the Report, Horace Hudson oi" the Chroni
cle and F. C. Roberts of the Post.
The cabin passengers by the Belgic were :
Mrs. E. 11. Brown and child, Miss E. Babbitt,
Lieutenant Paul Boetkke, I. G. N.,.1. E. Bur
gogne, Miss H. Brugiimn, Dr. Mary Brown
Miss E. F. Boughton, Mrs. K. K. Harris, Mr>. X
b. Dodge, Mrs. L. HniniKon, (J. Holcombe, A.
J.McG.ew, Li -u ten aut C. H. Jager, I. ti. N*.
T/.eutenant yon Koschembahr, I. G. N., M. J.
Ltach, Lieutenant Victor Mauer, I. G. N M°
Menzell, Mrs. Meuzuil, W. K. McMilian, Ml*.
McMillan and maid, S. Nagata, Master E. U
Quackenbush, Miss L. H. QuacKenbush, Miss
Amy Quackenbush, Miss Helen Quaekenbush
E. Qiittckenbu^ii, Lieutenant Fritz Re-.ss, I. g'
»., Miss E. E. Smith, 8. Tomouaga, paymaster
E. Unger, I. G. N., Miss C. A. White, E. Young,
On her own account tho steamer made
the fastest trip on record, ami the captain
and chief engineer are jubilant. Just tne
same the Belgic will have to make several
knots an hour better time before she can
beat the China.
After leaving San Francisco ihe tramp
steamer Hermann W. Jarlsberg broke
down, and had to make for Japan with a
damaged thrust shaft. She got there ail
right, but nevertheless the cargo had to be
discharged and the necessary repairs made
belore the vessel proceeded. When the
Belcic left Yokohama the actual damage
bad not been ascertained.
The court-martial at Mare Island is at
tracting considerable interest. Two of
the men on the battle-ship Oregon had a
quarrel. They were both swabbing decks
and one of the men raised his squilgee and
brained the other man. The latcer was
sent to the UniteJ States Marine Hospital,
v.-here he died yesterday, and his assailant
is now under trial at Mare Island on a
charge of manslaughter.
The French bark Reine Blanche will
have to discharge and go on the drvdock
before she can load for Europe. When
the men ;began to work in her lower hold
they found water up to their knees. The
pumps hao to be started and it was several
hours before the water was reduced. Two
other vessels of the same line have come
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 23, 1896.
into port leaking during the past month,
so there must be something radically wrong
in the construction of the vessels.
The Harbor Commissioners met yester
day and awarded a couple of contracts.
For the new ferry depot 8000 barrels of
cement are, required, and John D.
Spreckels & Co. got it at the low rate of
$2 o5 per barrel. The new shed over the
addition to the Mail dock was ordered
built at an expense of $4544. The lowest
bid, which was rejected at the last meet
ing of the board, was $5978.
Some time ago the British shin Cente
sima, while in tow of the tug Reliance,
struck on the rocks in tbe North Channel.
The matter was thoroughly ventilated at
the time and the general impres-ion was
that the ship had struck on a rock that
had not been charted. The Pilot Com
missioners and a number of the und r
wriiers went down on the tug Vigilant yes
terday. Henry Peterson was taken along
and one of his Whitehalls waa towed be
hind. A thorough investigation waa held
and several new ledges were found. A
new map of the North Channel will have
to be made, but just what discoveries the
tugboat men made will not be given out
until the Government has been iniormed.
PRAISED GENERAL GRANT.
Bishop Newman, TV. H. L. Barnes and
Charles 11. Taylor Speak of Great
Battles of the War.
The regular meeting and banquet of the
members of the Loyal Lagiou took place
last niaht at the Occidental Hotel.
Colonel Young of the United States army
and stationed at the Presidio occupied the
chair at the bead of the table. Major
| Hooper, Major Johnson of Cahstoga and
many other prominent people were pres
ent.
Among those who sat at the board were
General W. H. L. Barnes, Bishop John P.
Newman and General Charles H. Taylor,
proprietor of the Boston Globe. All made
addresses, each touchins on the career of
General Giant, portraying him both in
private hie and on the battlefield.
Bishop Newman, who was for many
j'ears his pastor, told of the spotless lile
and simple faith of the famous man on
horseback as he had known him. To his
mind there was not a greater character in
all history.
The other addresses were equally in
teresting. Colonel Taylor, who is a forci
ble and pleasing speaker, told of his
acquaintance with Grant from the stand
point of a soldier. He had seen him in
many engagements, and each time an',
always when he contemplated him he
was impressed with the greatness of the
silent man.
The banquet was not ended till nearly
11 o'clock, and it was after that that the
speeches began. It was quite late when it
was all over.
Among those who were present were the
following named:
Colonel S. M. B. Young, Colonel John C. Cur
rier, General W. H. L. Barnes, Colonel Shatter,
Colonel Finiey Anderson, Colonel Chapin,
Major Gould, Chaplain Macomber, Bishop
Newman, General C. H. Taylor, General
B. W. Backus, Major Gro.sbeck. Captaiu
Charles A. Suniner, Major E. \V.
Woodward, Captain B. \V. Weliman of Los
Gatos, Captain A. Malpas, Captain Charles
Potter, Captain W. H. Roberts, Captain
R. VV. McChesney, Lieutenant Johu T.
Bell, Colonel W. C. Alberger, Major
J. J. Meiegs, General P. F. Walsh,
Captain Lewis Smith, Mujor H. A. Gorley,
Major W. If. Meserve, Captain W. C. Sawj'er,
Captain W. C. Coulson, Captain Roeth, Major
C. B. Hutchin?, Lieutenant L. S.Jones, Colouel
W. R. Powell, Commander E. K. Moore, Colonel
C. Benzoni, Paymaster A. D. Allen, Captain E.
T.Allen, Captain G. W. Kelly; Major James
Califf, v. S. A.; Captain C. W. Hobbs,
U. S. A.; Lieutenant W. E. Berkimer, U.
S. A.; Lieutenant Jobn Masser; Captain
J. H. Lockett, U. S. a.; Cnptain Seflgwick
Pratt, U. S. A.; Cnptain r'ettii, U. S. A.;
Colonel C. Mason Kinne, Colonel W. R. Smed
beru; Captain Rowison, United States navy;
Major Horace Wilson, Lieutenant James L.
Wheat, colonel Crosslof, Major Hawley, Major
George W. Johnson, Major ('. G. Strong, Lieu
tenant M. W. Griswold, W. W. Mather of Col
orado; Captain Rogers. United States army;
Colonel E. Denicke, Colonel J. B. Moore; Major
R. H. White, United States navy, aud Captain
Edie, United States army.
Suicide of a Cripple.
Fred W. Stein, a cigarmaker, about 45 year
of age, committed suicide early yester
day morning at the Hoight-street en
trance to Golden Gate Park by shooting
himself in vhe liend with a cbeap revolver.
He was poorly dressed in a suit of cheap
dark clothing. In one of the pockets was a
purse almost worn out, containing r key and
four 10-cent pieces. There was also an open
face silver watch in his pocket. Beside the
body was a crooked cane, for the man was
a cripple. The rignt foot had been partially
amputated and was replaced by a wooden at
tachment.
NEW TODAY.
THE QUEEN OF JILL JVU3SIC, BOXES.
A MOST YIUIAQ PRPQENT PLAYING
ACCEPTABLE ' A IVIMO f'riC.O&l'* I 1 000 °'*; * ES
This is not a Reed-Instrument, but plays from a Steel Comb the most exqeisite Music
tn a rich and clear tone. ; It is far superior to any other Music Box ever made, as there is nothing
that will get out of repairs. r It . plays the most beautiful Music (or Balls, Entertainments,: for
Parlors, Dining Room and Nursery, it stands t at the head of all Boxes. .
All thfl lafput Mii«ir , Robin Hood. Rob Roy, Sousas Marshes. Grand Operas and'
mi me laiest music, Concert Wa) t zer s, Etc. Etc. -
-1 Not like other i Boxes, but in a clear and entertaining tone, it is incased in a most
beautiful Box in all kinds 1 of Wood so as to match any Room, any Child can play it.
The Disk is from metal and everlasting. Prices in reach of all Boxes from *8.00 to $100.00.
Come in and hear it day. — Write for Cataloge.
SIIKKJaBSAXff. CLAY at CO.,
Pacific Agents, '{
Cpr, Seamy '& Sutter Sts^ . ' San Francisco, Cat
NINTH STREET IN
A ROSY GLOW
Illuminated With Red Fire
and N3W Arc
Lights.
Paper Lanterns and Waving
Banners Gave It a Poetic
Air.
Business Men Who Got Out of the
Rut and Will Make Ready lor the
Twentieth C.ntury.
Ninth street was in a rosy glow last
night with red fire, Roman candles,
paper lanterns, vari-coiored streamers and
bonfires, while tiie stores on both sudes of
the street, from Howard to Market, were
brilliantly illuminated and the wares
most temptingly displayed.
Although Ninth street was not the first
to adopt the modern system of illumina
tion she is unexcelled in the splendor of
the celebration of that event. All down
the line, on both sides, the mellow glow
of Japanese lanterns, the lire works, shoot
ing stars and scattering sparks against the
black background of the sky, the dense
crowds of men, women and children on
the sidewalKs, the strains of music from
tbe band-wagon — all were evidence that
the business men will not be found behind
the times when the sun rises upon the
twentieth century.
John Hayden, butcher, was the first to
introduce electric lights tn his place of
business on thm street, for he saw that
tbe expense of the innovation would bo
more than repaid by the increased busi
ness which an attractive display always
insure*.
Foremost among those who moved in
i tbe matter of having the street properly
lighted was Mr. Owens.
Tbe following is a list of the property
owners and business men who subscribed
for the new arc lights, three in each block,
over the middle of the street:
124, John Hayden, butcher-shop; 94, H.
Sanders <fc Co., dry-goods siore, 22, E. Boede
fold, furuiture; southwest corner Market and
Ninth, C. M. Plum & Co., furniture; 23, L.
Wandell, labor bureau ami cigars; 31V 2 , J.
(iibbs, stoves and ranges; 85, Emil di Veccuio,
butcher; northeast corner Mission and Ninth,
Theodore Enderle, grocer; 5, Henry Lafrenz,
Spartan saloon ; southeast corner Market and
Ninth, A.di Nola, pharmacist; 123, Paul Pitto,
fruit ana vegetables; 121, L. Hrenneke,
bakery; 127, Thomas Burke, coalyard; 133%,
Fred Giessler, barber: 137, T. L. Clancy,
groctr; 151, Charles iiriiiKinaini, poultry
siore; 130, M. Dalmon, liquor - dealer;
148, M. David, icecream saloon; Howard
and Ninth, \V. W. Campheil, druggist;
164, J. Astbury, fancy goods; northeast corner
Ninth and Howard, J. H. Hulsberg, grocer;
162, Anton I'fandier, bacon and hams; 156.
McCoy & McCoy, grocers; 148, Pemileion <fc
Harris, >hoestore; 146, American Importing
Tea Company; 89, H. Muller, shoemaker; 132,
J. D. Gresslar, ci^ar-store; 128, A. Hlllebrsnd,
satoon; 126, G. Johnson, coffee-suloon : 122,
j O'Connor Bros., grocers; 118, Ernest May, crea
mery; 116, Dnly«fc Davitt, bakeries; 1 13J£, Miss
Nellie Burns, millinery; 112, B. M. Erickson,
watchmaker; 110, J. F. Renault, furnishing
goods; 108, Albert Kornsthoeft, bakery; 106,
F. Hildebrandt, boots and shoes; 104J4, P. W.
Ehrhart, barber; Ninth and Mission, J. Wil
liams, chemist; 90, W. F. Harris <fc Co., grocers:
24, Jacob Noll, saloon; 82, Herman Lueders,
piano-store; 84, Meners, fancy dry goods:
southeast corner of Ninth and Jessie,
Theodore Cornelius, wives and liquors;
149, H. Sanders <t Co., furnishing goods;
northwest corner of Ninth and Mission, H. M.
j Meyer & Co., liquor store; 103, Wurst Ma
cherei, delicacies; 119. M.ss A. V. Doyle, hair
dresser; 76, F. & C. Lempp, millinery; 117,
Ernest Nevtaumont <fe Co., groceries; 167. K.
W. stalter, stationery: 147, G. C. Noiiert
bultery; 101, Toner A MRdigan, liquor dealers:
83. M. F. Ke.ly, conlyard 79%, Eds Identi
cal Oyster Saloon; 79, 1. L/Phiinps, grocer; 35,
Fred VV. Klotz, liquor store; 31, George Buz-
Blni, liquor merchant; 27, McVicker <fe Brod
erick, grocers; 9, A. Brown, merchant tailor;
9, James S. Hurry, real-estate broker.
THE SONG THAT
WOK HIS HEART
Mrs. Laura Milen James'
Musical Gem Filed
in Court.
Admitted as an Exhibit in the
Contest Over a $30,000
Estate.
Attorney Shadburne Has His Own
Ideas About the Tears a Widow
Should Shed.
The contest over the $30,000 estate of the
late Dr. Charles A. James has developed
some unique features, including the filing
of an erotic novel as one of the exhibits in
the case. Yesterday Judge Coffey ad
mitted in evidence and had marked as an
exhibit in the case the love song which,
it is alleged, Mrs. Laura Milen James sang
to the aged doctor just before his declara
tion of love and which led to the marriage
by contract, under which she claims the
entire estate as his widow und the mother
of his child.
• Dr. James was over 60 and she was under
20. and he was quickly subdued by the
charm of her voice and her skill as a
pianist. In ten days after their first meet
ing he asked her to be his bride, ten days
later they were married, and in less than
a mouth he had departed, leaving her a
fortune sufficient to make her comfortable
for the remainder of her life.
There being some legal question as to
the power of music to subdue the heart of
an aged suitor, it was deemed best to offer
in evidence the song that brought Dr.
James to terms, and this course was taken.
The song, which is entitled "Love's Sor
row," is by Harry Rowe Shelley, and is
written both in English and German.
Here is the first verse of the English
version :
Tbe sun's last rar is gone
And dusky twilight steals upon me;
The village llehts are lit
And all Is stillness round me.
The stars arc waking, one by one,
To grace the beauteous scene.
O com«s to me, my love;
O come to me, lay love;
Wy heart throbs for tuee, fur tliee, and thre alone!
O speed the lingering hours
And hasten, sneei, thy coming:
My soul in anguish yearns for thee;
O come to me, my love!
If an analysis of the words and senti
ment does not suffice to convince the
court that Dr. James would be lifcely to
yield to passionate appeal it is quite with
in the range of possibilities that a piano
may be moved up to the new City Hall for
the purpose of allowing the lady to give
an illustration of her vocal powers in dit
ties of this character.
'firs course may be regarded as all the
more necessary because of the plan pur
sued by General W. H. H. Hart, attorney
for Mrs. James, to show that she was not
personally attractive, was not sought after
by youne men, that she was in poor cir
cumstances and did not have any good
chance to get a husband anywhere near
her own age.
Attorney George D. Shadburne, repre
senting the kinfolks of Dr. James, con
fessed that he did not understand the
drift of this kind oi testimony, and Mr.
Hart explained that he thought it neces
sary to prove that his client was in ill
health; that she was partially deaf from
the effects of catarrh ; that she was small
of stature ana very light; that her father
was net able to provide a comfortable
home for her, and that she could not rea
sonably expect to make a choice of a hus
band among young men of about her own
age as she might have expected if she had
been personally more attractive, had been
free from physical blemishes, and if her
family had been in good circumstances,
financially speaking. Mr. Hart said that
without a showing of this kind tbe court
might consider it improbable that a girl
under 20 should, wed a man over 60 years oi
age, and he wished to justify the reasona
bleness of bis client's act in marrying the
late Dr. James by contract.
Attorney Shadburne began to express
his condemnatiou of this method of prov
ing a case, but Judge Coffey said he would
admit the testimony and hear argument
in regard to it hereai'ter.
On cross-examination yesterday Mr.
Shadburne took Mrs. James over the
scenes about the deathbed of her late
husband, intimating clearly that she did
not comport herself at that time in a way
to convey the idea that she considered
herself the widow of the deceased.
"Did you weep when Dr. James died?"
asKed Mr. Shadburne.
"Yes, sir," replied the witness.
"Did you shed tears over the corpse?"
"No."
"Where did you go to weep?"
"To Mrs. Milen 's room."
"Did you weep copiously?"
"I don't understand. 1 '
"Did you shed tears freely," explained
the lawyer.
"Oh, yes, I think so," was the witness'
reply.
"Did you embrace the corpse?" asked
Mr. Shadburne, returning to the attack.
"I did not."
"Did you attend the funeral?" "Did you
wear mourning?" "Did you show signs
of great i rief ?" and otuer questions of like
character were propounded by Mr. Shad
burne, indicating his intention hereafter
to submit testimony combatting the idea
that Mrs. James acted as a widow would
have acted if her husband had been lying
dead before her. Mr. Shadburne has
already clear'y stated his intention to
prove that Mrs. James is interested in a
conspiracy to obtain possession of Dr.
James 1 estate.
BALDWIN GARNISHEED
William Knowlei Had a Claim Against
the Hotel and Made Sure
of It.
Deputy Sheriff Billy Ackerson placed a
garnishment on the receipts of the Bald
win Hotel last evening in the suit of
"William Knowles against the manage
ment.
Tbe plain tiff had ihe contract for making
certain alterations in the hotel and claims
a balance of $1700 as due and unpaid.
Attorney Kowalsby, who represents the
managers, said last evening that tho suit
was the result of a dispute over the value
of the work performed and that the mat
ter would be settled up as soon as the
plaintiff made his position plain.
ttiftg of a Merchant.
The employes of a laree Dusine«s house
in this City have been made happy by a
Christmas gift of an order for a fine hat on
Groom & Hagan. hattors, 942 Market
street, under the Baldwin Hotel. An or
der for one of this firm's elegant bats con
stitutes an acceptable present.
Relief for French Fainilie*.
The ladies of the French Benevolent Sftciety,
who are preparing for the annual holiday dis
tribution of gif.s, food and clothing to poor
French families, desire to extend their chari
ties. In order lo do this they take the liberty
of soliciting: from the charitably inclined gifts
of any nature tor the occasion. Contributions
should be sent at as early a date as possible
to tbe rooms of the society, 318 Post street.
Watches, Dlamonda.Jewelry, st greatly reduced
prices; building lo be removed, £> and 7 Third s:.
NEW TO-DAT-DRY GOOD*:
SPECIALS
k**s ML lL~4\b^m.A % H yA^^/
POR THE —
HOLIDAYS!
. '•"- - lJ ii / * ■ ";;'•:
LADIES* INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER- ;
CHIEFS, Pure Linen, s :
$1, $1.50, $2 and $3 per Box.
(6 IN A BOX).
GENTS' INITIALED HEMSTITCHED HANDKERCHIEFS,
Pure Linen, * i
$1.50, $2.25 and $3 per Box.
(6 IN A BOX).
GENTS' SILK INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS,
. 25c, 3oc, 50c, 75c and $1 Each.
LADIES' FEATHER COLLARETTES AND SCARFS,
$2, S3, $4.50, $6, $7.50, $9, $11, $12.50, $15, $18.50 Each.
LADIES' GLORIA AND SILK UMBRELLAS,
$1, $1.50, $2, $3, $4 and $5 Each.
LADIES' FANCY EMBROIDERED APRONS,
25c, 50c, 75c, $1, $1.50 and $2 Each.
LADIES' BLACK MOREEN SKIRTS,
$1.75, $2, $2.50, $3.50 and $4.50 Each.
NOTE.— Store Will Be Open During
the Evenings Until Christmas.
Our Customers should not fail to take early advan-
tage of the EXTRAORDINARY VALUES we are offering
in above goods.
TELEPHONE GRANT IS4.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
YES, LEAR WAS MAD.
But This Time the Actor of the Part
H:i 1 Reason for It.
Old-time actors had their tricks on the
stage as well as modern players, if we are
to judge by the anecdotes told in that in
teresting new book of gossip and story,
"Shakespeare's Heroes on the Stage. 11
Says the author in his chapter on "Lear":
"During a season when Harry Mossop
was both actor and manager tbe treasury
was so low that 'the ghost did not always
walk.' A wily actor, playing Kent, sup
ported the afflicted Lear (Mossop) in his
arras securely enough, to all appearances
beyond the lootlights. but, as he gradu
ally loosened his ho!d, he whispered in
Mossop's ear, 'Give me your word, sir,
that you will pay me my arrears to-night
before I go home, or I'll let you drop on
the floor.'
" 'Don't talk to me now, you villain,'
hoarsely returned Mossop, alarmed at the
threat, but still more alarmed at tbe
prospect of having the scene ruined. 'Go
on with the part; go on! 1
"No," responded the determined Kent;
'I'Jl drop you sure if you don't promise.'
"And poor Harry, caught in a trap, re
luctantly had to yield his word.
"One actor that night could enjoy beef
and ale for supper. He was paid in full." —
New York Telegram.
Looking-glasses were used by Anglo-
Saxon women, slung to their girdles.
The same custom obtained in the time of
E izabeth and James I. They formed the
center of many fans at that period and
later. Before glass was invented horn
was used an>) metal.
KEW TO-DAY.
®®®®®®®®® <§ ®(«Xs)®s)®®®®®®®®®®®
© OPEN EVENrNGS. 5)
I Holiday ' I
I Gifts jjU I
I Popular 1
I Prices. •|
S Most charming collection ®
® of Holiday Gifts to be w
m) found in San Francisco. (S)
g Not only the most costly, - jg
®; but thousands of inex- ®
® pensive articles to suit ®
® any purse. g
© IVORY FIGURES. BRONZES. I
% DRESDEN, MARBLE and " "S
1 DELFT and TERRA COTTA ®
LIMOGES STATUARY, §}
CHINA, . OIL PAINTINGS, M
CUT CRYSTAL, ETCHINGS, g
BOHEMIAN ENGRAVINGS, ®
«V- and LAMPS, ■■ ©
$ BACCARAT FRENCH DESKS, @
ft GLASSWARE, . CABINETS, '%
© ' ORNAMENTS' TABLES, ©
ft -In Endless . SEVRES, ft
® I Variety, CARLSBAD and $
U FINE, CLOCKS, CLOISONNE m
g fEic^Etc.^ . VASES, Etc. |>
iFINE CLOCKS, CLOISONNE
Etc., Etc VASES, Etc.
s. & gTqump, 1
1 1113 GEARY STREET. @
S :::•.. ; -,-..■•. , (g
®^®®®_®®®®®(g®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
DR. JUUUSHAAS
HAS RETURNED i ROM .-. EUKOPK AND
L resumed practice. •14 Orantavenue, room lii.
Telephone No., Red 341.
- ■ ■ ■ --.-.- - ■ ' X.:> ■
The "Weal" Coffee Pot.
A Christmas Gift that will last and al-
ways be appreciated. Beautifully
nickeled, simply constructed, and gets
the good all out of Coffee easier than
any other.
"Ideal" Blend Coffee.
This is Coffee at' its best. A most de-
licious blend of true Mocha and Java.
•■■ ■ -
SELECTED WISES AND LIQUORS
In cases of 2 bo ties Port. 2 Sherry, 1
Madeira, 1 Angelica, 2 Zlnfandel, 2 -
Reisling. and 1 each Ca'ifornla Brandy
and v K. Whiskey. Reduced from *6 70
to $4 '25. , + .''.
A Great Variety of Holiday
Goods, Delicacies, Candles,
Tree Ornaments, Bonbons,
Etc. .
21 Stockton Street, 13253 Fillmore St.,
NEAR MARKET. 1 Corner Lombard.
Telephone Main 5522. Telephone West 152.
OPEN EVENINGS.
Send or ask for our new Catalogue.
La. BerteltnK Pres. H. Nordman. Vioe-Pres.
A. W. Kirk, Sec. Jos. >"ordman, Tre»«.
BERTELING
OPTICAL CO.
'427 Kearny St.* Sear Califoraia.
The firm of h. A. BBBTEHNO. Incorporated
under the above style, have, preparatory to their
removal, started a
GRAND REMOVAL SALE.
Not wishlnp to lake any of their Holiday Ooodt
Into their new murters. which will be ready for
occupancy on or about February 1. 1897, they
have reduced
Opera and Field Glasses,
Lorgnettes, Etc., to Actual
Jobber's Cost.
4J7 Kearny St., N>nr California.
OPEN EVEN INGS.
BO I ■ OU P C FOR W BARB ER^ BAR.
nKllaSntN?" ' bootblacks. bath-
DBIUUllbw houses. billiard - table* '
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, cauneri J '
dyers. . flourmills, foundries, . laundries, paper- <,
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, »t»bl£ < • '
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc . WIW V^.
w BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609Sacraine,ntoaa»
C'OSMOFOIjIT AW,
Opposite, C. B. Mint, 100 and 103 fifth st. Sa»
Francisco, Cat.— The most select family hot'«l in
the city. Board and room »1, *1 25 and $1 50 oar
.according to room. Meals 85c. Rooms SOa
»nd ; 6c a day. ■• Free coach to and from tiia ho;*L
Look for the coac* beartn* the uama of the Cki