VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 112.
GOLDEN STATE PROSPERITY
Ringing Republican Speech by
Hon. Irving M. Scott at the
Auditorium,
A VERY ENTHUSIASTIC AUDIENCE
Masterly Exposition of the Advantages of American
Protection and Sound Money — Cheers
for McKinley.
The enthusiasm for William McKinley t
seems to prow with each succeeding Re- !
publican meeting and each passing hour i
of the cam pa gn. The Auditoriam, where j
Irving M. Scott spoke last evening, was •
an illustration of this progressive Re
publicanism.
A brass band played in front of the main
entrance. But it was not necessary to
drum up a crowd. Ths crowd was already
th rft, La A an hour before the Dand, wait-.j
iner in long, increasing rows for the doors \
of the big building to open. Wben the
band marched down the aisle playing the
enthusing stiains of "Marching Through
Georgia," the vast audience waved its bats
and handkerchiefs and cheered.
Irving M. Scott, president of the Union
Iron Works, was to deliver the address of j
tho eveuing. When Mr, Scott appeared
the audience refused to longer contain
itself, and burst into an ovation which the '
builder of battle-ships acknowledged with j
a modest bow. The nail was conspicu- j
ously ornamented with portraits of the
man of Canton, with mottoes of "'Protec
tion and Prosperity," and such other em- i
blems of Republicanism that showed the j
promise of higher wages and happier '
Homes.
\V. C. Johnson was chairman. The \
meeting was unaer the auspices of the Re
publican State Central Committee. Many
ladies decorated the expansive audience
with their interesting laces and the colors
of their costumes.
The Sam Booth Glee Club opened the
meeting with a song in which this promi
nent refrain was loudly applauded:
Sixteen to 1 with me this year don't go.
Chairman W. C. Johnson made a brief j
opening address. He expressed the un
derstanding that the audience had "come
to listen to thai one who had brougnt j
prosperity to tl.is City and established one !
of the grandest institutions in the United !
States. You can look around yoa," lie 1
said, "'and see before you, perhaps, the j
grea'est ship-buiider of the world. [Ap
piause.] Another snip has been granted
to him, and I hope more like him may
The Good Old-Fashioned Political Gathering and Barbecue at Mount Eden, Alameda County, Cal., Where Hon. Charles
M. Shortridge. Rev. Anna Shaw and Congressman Hilborn Spoke Yesterday.
The San Francisco Call
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
spring up and bring prosperity to this
coast. McKiniey means vrosperity. [Cheers
and applause.] When we put our shoulders
to the who 1 next November we will elect
Wil.iam McKinley President of the UniieU
States."
Whenever McKinley'a name was men
tioned it was greeted with enthusiaetic
cheers.
"He does not have to go bellowing
aroun.i the country. The workin:rmen go
to see him. H« is a statesman, which is
more than we can say of Mr. Bryan.
Bryan may be a good man, but he is in |
bad company."
He then introduced Irving M. Scott. I
There were hurrahs and cheers for him.
Mr. Scott said substantially:
I have struggled with you here shoulder to I
•houlder In many a contest in this port, and I
hot>e we shall stick together till we shall have
ths world bowing to us, the Pacific Coast, in
reverence. When we completea our first snip,
the Caarleston, taen there came a recognition '
that the Pacific Coast had never known be- j
fore. [Applause.]
Then there came the San Francisco, the
Olyraj'ia and then the Oregon, floating like a
white swan on the blue waters. Last Tut-day
when the word came of the other ships 10
buiM we felt gratified, for it meant that there
would not he a closing of ihe Union Iron
Works for at least three years, and it, had in it
the 4 per cent protection act. Yesterday we
received word that they had awarded us a 30- I
knot torpedo-destroyer on the plans of tne
Union Iron Works in competition with the
United States.
Now, fellow-citizens, the building of these
ships means about $12,000,000 out of the
Federal treasury, nearly every dollar of which
goes to labur. You will have bot.l the ships
and the money. [Applause.] Therefore I can
not bui believe tbai the doctrine of protection
is true in these branches of industry as well as
in the mechanical arts. If you are true to the
doctrine of protection there is work here for
every pair of idle hands.
Never before in the history of this country
has there been a political party which pro
poses to stuff the Supreme Court. No party
can do that and hope to win. No man is all
that he wants to be. I wish I could be. I'd
lift this State into a condition of the greatest
prosperity from its silver sunlit mountain
peaks to its valleys.
D:d y»u ev-r hear of 16 to 1 ? Open the
factories of America to American workmen
instead of opening the mints to the silver of
the world! [Applause.]
You have heard of the crime of '73. I know
William Stewart, personally, and I have
studied it, and I propose to Rive you briefly
the history of the crime of 1873.
The speaker traced the financial legisla
tion from 1837 to date. Continuing, he
said:
There had been no change of coinage laws
from 1837 to 1873. Up to ibis time silver was
worih more as bu lion than it was as coin.
After Bismsrcn met "Pigiron" Kellv iv Ger
muny tf you wiil watch you will pee that
there was 'a sternly growth in the protection
of Germany's indu-trie*. I say it is time that
somebody was sent to the United States who
knows what is going on instead of piling his
labor on the overworked reporters of the
daily pre-e.
Tne Republican party under the Bland-
Alli<on act coined $2,000,000 a month, and
under tho Shtrman act $4,000,000; but what
we want in order to be prosperous is a day's
work for hone.<t labor. [Applause.]
You can go to the treasury ai-d get 100
cents in gold for the silver dollar, and it is the
stxmpoftbe Government on it wi ich makes
the silver doUm, with 53 cents only, good for
100 cents. The silver dollar was au orphan at
its b.rth, without father or mother.
Suppose a s.lver-mine own r had a load of
■ilver and had 1; coined. How would you get
any of it except by wa^es? When the stßinp
of the Government is on it it is worth 100
cent* on the dollar and it is roo.l money. I
have a le ter here irum the Dir ctor of the
Mint, stating that he can coin $40,000.00u
sliver a year, and now i<ing is it (r<>ing to t ke
you to replace the $000,000,000 you have
driven out "f tne ciini j? F fieea years.
Fo«d in 1873 was 4 per cc it cheaper man in
1860. Ev< rv:hing ex ept lumber was cheaper
th n in 1860. People point to the fact that
gold has appreciated but wages are lower.
Why, the Democratic p«rty has beer, in power.
This shows you that every time you introduce
an unknown qu&.ai y luio the finances of the
country waives go down. This i 3 tt»e result if
the currency is tampered with in th^ wrong
way. I hold that hat £82,000,000 deficit was
better paid in a foreign country than taken
out of the wages of this country.
In 1873 the average •■Hrmngs amounted to
?30'J.| In 1893 it was $485 a year .This shows
thai every worKiuuu sh red in the prosperity j
oi the Republican aocirlue ot protection. Why
chang-.- that policy? Is it not t>etter for all of i
us :o foster and support it? McKinley stands !
to-day a« the apos lie of the vYorfcineman, «mi
he is the man iorthe workingiaan. [Applause.]
There are eight slyer States that are making j
all this silver fuss. Do any of you leliows |
think that the tail is going to wag the dog ? j
[Laughter and applause ]
We huve no State so cosely allied to the ;
doctrine of prptection as California.
All her nuts and fruits can be rased and are
raised in Europ-. I'roducts of Santa Clara!
■ County can get 6 cents a pound under the Me- ,
Kin ley bill wneu ihey could get only 3 cents j
a pound under the Mills bll. The doctrine of I
protection gives worit to thousands iv Califor- |
ilia, when otherwise they wou.d be and are :
idle. California has every climate that is
I known under the sun and all the products
which nature can give.
You enjoy in this City in the hardest times
what the laborers of Europe never see in the
I best of times. 1 have traveled over the entire
I globe. 1 never yet saw a class of men so well
clothed and housed as the mechanics of the
City of San Francisco and State of California.
Will you chan.*e all tnis because some wild
cats of the West could not gel elected on the
Democratic ticket? I tell you, what can be
done in building cruisers can be done in
every industry ot this State and under the
sun. It is possible for the people to carry our
banner around the world and command ob
servance from the banner of St. George on any
field.
Gold and silver, every dollar of it, is pledged
by the Government and redeemable in gold.
Is the poorest money the kind of a system
you want to vote for?
"No," replied tne audience.
Quoting from a speech of Daniel Web
ster in 1837, Mr. Scott said:
He who tampers with the currency robs
labor of its broad. The pr< sperity of the work
ing classes lies in an es ablished credit. Did
wild schemes and projects ever benefit the la
boring classes? Remember that such an
alarm as shuts up the banks will shut ud the
United Stales treasury as well. When you go
to your homes make up your minds to vote for
HON. IRVING M. SCOTT Made an Eloquent Address to a Large Audience d
Workingmen at the Auditorium Last Night.
William McKinley and protection against the
world.
The meeting concluded with two selec
tions from the glee ciun and three rousing
cheers tor McKinley ana Hobnrt.
T c following: woMtiiwmen occupied
scats on the p;a form as vice- presidents:
Charles Lundery, Daniel Otis, William M.
Beits, Charles Pouter, W. ('. Barlow, J. Casey,
W. E. Bothen. C. S. Bendict, W. R. Waittier, J. i
i F. Sims, S. Morris, 11. Bigley, W. Hartley, W.
H. Birch, F. H. Hurlbut, A. Bosley, T. W.
Munroe. T. B. Carter, T. H. Gnffi;n-. T. C.
I Birch, W. W. Birch. H.O. Layng, J. W. Bu'seil,
W . W. Barn.-s, J. Hartley, B. T. Garratt, C. Cham
! preux. J. Meredith, W T. Little, C. A. Fam
i ham, W. W. Clephane, J. Parker, H. Walker,
I Mr. Bassett, John Dyer, Ed Forrest, R. H.
Rober;s, James Addison, W. J. Chipchoise,
j Harry Came, John Skirington, John Clott, M .
I Meet*. A. G. Duncan, William Watson,
I Thomas Fitzpatrick, James Spiers, F. Hincfeley,
! D. T. Hayes. John Granttiand, William Bailey,
WiUiam'G. Dodd, J. K. Frith, Forrest Bland
ing, Harry ' Har*rave, Steve Richards, P. B.
Coleman, P. H. Orlton, Henry Lu«t\ George
Buik Sr. .Georgv Buck Jr., W. N. Smith. Henry
Dow, <ieorge Dow, Robert Christy, John Thom
son, Harry ( asler, Harry Lowney, W. Leicht«r,
R. Hatton, M. Haley. D. Frazer, E. T. Morris, S.
Love, Thomas Dennis, Dan el O'Neil, W. C.
Johnston, George Wimmer, W. Lambert. James
Coleman, Thomas Loneworth, C. McKinley,
George Crocker, Theo. C lough, H. S. Markey,
P. Cronin, Ricnard D^yle. John Oleson, J. C.
H. Ferguson, K. M. Dahl, P. G. Pengelley, \V.
Haley, A. Brayton, D. 0. Leary, A. Barlow, D. L.
Marsihutx, T. Catrrell, G. Provost, C. S'anley,
H. McUeeham, John Grady, T. F. McCoy, J.
Malone. M. Fuchs, A. C. Lewis, William D.
Whittet, William L. Davis, H. luueo, Louis N.
Baceus, James Martin, James M. BennaMack,
Fred A. Bastian, I'ecumseh S. Brady. Thomas
S. Watson, John J. Robinson, Henry Yost, J. C.
Htzpatrick, Charlei E. Tibbuts, J. P. Lynch,
J O.Jones, W. J. Hotchkiss, M. McDonnell,
William J. Callahan, C. Palmer, D. Brown, G.
S. Morris, H. C. Harris, H. Koium, Munroe
Hamiltoubury, W. Palmer, John Gibson, W.
I Moore.
McKinley Veterans.
The Veteran Soldiers and Sailors' Re
publican Club held a largely attended
meeting at 113 Turk street on Friday and
was addressed by Wilfred M. feck of
River-ide and Thomas B. O'Brien, candi
date for Congress from the Fourth Dis
trict.
DOWN SOUTH.
Sentiment Beyond the Tehachapl
Defined by Wilfred M. Peck.
Wilfred M. Peck of Riverside, who has
been making speeches for the Republican
party in Southern California, is visiting
triends in this City. He reports the pros
pects fo r Republican success south cf the
Tenachapi as very brignt. Riverside
County is in better snape than it has ever
bf-en since its organization, as far a« the
Republicans are concerned. A large num
ber of oIJ-line Democrats are outspoken
in their support of McKinley, because
they believe in sound money. They do
not wish to vote for Palmer, because they
believe that in that event their votes
would be wasted.
In Riverside County tne Republican
County Committee are making a scuool
bou-e campaign, with the result that places
that were given un for Bryan are showing
jjains for McKinley rijint along. In Los
Angeies County, outside of the city, the
Republicans i.aye been gaining for a
month past, and there is reasonable ground
for believing that Los Angeles city will go
Republican.
"It is safe to say," continued Mr. Peck,
"that south offthe Tehachapi the Republi
can party is in good shape and will fully
hold its own. The reason for Republican
gains in the south is because this is a cam
paign of education and the thinking ele
ment has been studying the financial ques
tion and they know the 50-cent dollar is
not the kind of money they are looking
for in these hard times. Republican
speakers have forced the i*sue of protec
tion, and as fruits, nuts, o.ive oil and cat
tle-raising are industries of the south the
people are beginning to appreciate that
what they need most in that part of the
country is protection for those industries
that will give immediate and sieady em
ployment to laboring men in the great
m»nufactui:ng centers of the East, thus
making a market for California producte."
NOT IN POLITICS.
A Statement From the State Coun
cilor of the Junior Order of the
United American Mechanics.
The following communication is self
explanatory :
San Fkancisco, Sept. 19. 1896.
Charles M. Sh.urt.idge E»q., Editor The Call,
City—DEXR Sib: An article In the issue of
your | aper of this date headed -'A. P. A.
Ticket Put in the Field" has had the effect of
leading tne public to relieve that the Junior
Order of United American Mechanics is
represented in the convention mentioned in
tbe xrtic.e.
1 desire to correct this impression and em
phatically deny that any Councilof the Junior
Order of Un.ted American Mecnanics is repre
sented in that convention by de.egates ap
pointed by such council. On the contrary, the
councils of this Ciiy have refused to se :d
delegates for the reason that the laws and
regulat.ons prevent any subordinate counci;
sending delegates to any organization or con
vention unless the same has first had the ap
proval of the National body or the board of
officers thereof.
The following is the regulation referred to
and was adopted by the National Council at
its session in Detroit, Mich., June 23, 1893,
viz. :
"That no council be permitted to send repre
sentatives to any body or organization or asso
ciation that has not been first approved by the
board of officers of the National Council or has
the approval of this body."
Furthermore, the constitution of subordinate
councils provides, among other matters, that
subjects of a sectarian or partisan character
shall not be introduced into «ny meeting of
this council, nor shall any member make me
oi the name of this order at apolitical meeting.
No application has bei-n mfirie to the Ntt
tioiml council or its board ot officers by any
council of this City for the privilege of sending
delegates to the convention above mentioned.
If any member of that convention has repre
sented to the convention that certain delega:es
or any delegates nad been sent or would be
sent by the Jr. O. U. A. M. he stated something
which was untrue. Furthermore if any dele
gates presented themselves for admission on
the representation that they had been sent by
or represented the Jr. O. U. A. M. they used
tbe name of the order without authority and
were guilty of a williul misrepresentation.
Trusting that you will give this a place in
your paper, I remain, very truly yours,
H. C. SCHAERTZER,
State Councilor Jr. O. U. A. M. of California.
GERMAN-AMERICAN CLUB.
George A. Rutz Indorsed for Su-
pervisor From the Eleventh
Ward.
The German-American Republican Club
held its regular meeting on Friday at Nor
man Hall, 413 Bush street. The hall was
simply packed, not even standing room
beine available. The meeting was ad
dressed at some length by Judge Carpen
ter, W. Reinhardt on behalf of the work
ingraen, and Dr. Paulson.
The speeches were very much appre
ciated by tne club.
The enrollment committee reported 1100
new members, making in ali something
over 3000.
Tne financial committee's report was
very tavorable. After receiving othe- com
mittee reports it was resolved as follows:
Whereas, The name of George A. Rutz. one
o f our most Hdive members, has been favor
ably mentioned by the press and public for the
office of Supervisor for the Eleventh Ward at
the coming election; and, whereas, as we be
lieve that Mr. Rutz is favorably known
tiirou'hout the City as a capable business
man and a good citizen, his nomination would
be a favor and honor to this cub and all citi
zens or German birth or descent; be it,
Resolved, That this club joins in asking our
fellow-member. George A. Rutz, io beivme a
candidate for said office at the coming elec
tion, and cordially recommends him to t .c
coming munic pal convention of the Republi
can purty of this City; and be it further
Resolved, That we hereby indorse him for
said office and pledge him our hearty support,
if nominated.
Harrison Camp in Line.
The Harrison Camp Army and Navy
Republican League held a regular meeting
at bea quarters last eveivng, the attend
ance being large. Martin Murray, the
commander, called the meeting to order,
and stated that the meeting was for the
purno«e of assi-t ; ne to secure the election
of MrKiney. He said that the danger
that now threatens this country is just as
bad as in the days of '61-65.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
RALLY AT
MT. EDEN
Oratory and a Barbecue
Open the Republican
Campaign.
MENTION OF M'KINLEY
CHEERED.
Charles M. Shortridge, Rev. Anna
Shaw and Congressman
Hi 1 born Speak.
GREAT OUTPOURING OF THE
MASSES.
friends of Protection Throng the
Town's New Wigwam— Fireworks
and a Ball.
MOUNT EDEN, Cal., Sept. 19.— One of
the largest political meetings ever held in
this county was that at the new Mount
Eden wigwam to-day. Be- ides music by
a band, singing and speeches, there was a
barbecue of the old-fashioned kfnd in the
afternoon, concluding with a ball and fire
works at night. Farmers drove in from
all parts ot the. country to hear the
speeches.
The wigwam, a beautiful new structure
with splendid acoustic properties, was
handsomely draped with American flags,
bunting and Sowers, and the walls were
decorated with pictures of the heroes of
American history. A. W. Scbaefer, Cap
tain R. Barron, E. H. Clawiter, H. Gana
berger, F. W. Wrede ana other prominent
citizens sat on the stage.
The speakers of the afternoon were
Charles M. Shortridge, Rev. Anna Shaw
ana Congressman S. G. Hilborn, Their
speeches were brief, each discussing .he
is>ues in a different vein. The audience
consisted of the best citizens of this part
of the county, many women being present
to hear Miss Sliaw. The mention of Me-
Kiniey's name was always the signal for
great applause, and the meeting did much
to increase the ieeiiug for protection and
prosperity here.
The chairman of the evening was A. I*
Petersen, who lntroduc-d Charles M.
Stiortridge as Ihe iirst speaker. Mr. Short
ridpe said:
"Ladies and Gentlemen : Ido not know
just why it .s 1 am here, but as this beau
tiful structure is being dedicated to Re
publicanism, I feel at home in this place.
[Appiause.] I cannot account for the
presence of so many ladies, except
that that eloquent woman, Rev. Anna
Shaw, is to address you. I am glad you
are here, and I welcome you." [Cheers.]
The speaker said he came to represent
the Republican party, the principles of
which he had believed in since boyhood.
"Why? Because the Republican party
has always stood for justice and risht, as
it stands to-day. Right here I want to
say that I am in favor of woman's rights,
one of the principles of Republicanism,
though I am probably encroaching upon
Miss Shaw's grounds in reierring to it; yet
I cannot refrain from putting myaelf on
record that way once more." [Cneers.]
The speaker dwelt on the evils of direct
taxation and explained the cardinal prin
ciples of protection.
"None of you like a poll tax,' 1 he said,
NEW TO-DAT.
COVERED
WITH
SCALES
Eczema made its appearance on my head la
Its worst form, and it continued spreading
until my face was covered with scales and be-
came a horrid sight. I bad a fine head of hair,
seven years' growth, and had to sacrifice it. 1 1
was in despair. The physicians had failed
even to relieve me, when one recommended
Cuticcra. Soap. My father procured a set of
Cutiocba Remedies, and in three weeks the
scales left my face and the skin lost its florid
hue. In $ix weeks I too* entirely cured. My
face was smooth and my complexion clearer
and finer than it had ever been before.
- Miss MARION A. SMITH, Sunbury, Pa.
Bpekdt Cntß Treatment. — Warm baths
■with CtrrictniA Soap, gentle applications of
Curici ra 'ointment), and mild doses of Cun-
ccua Resolvent, greatest of buinor cores.
Sold throughout the world. Price, Cdticusa, SOe i
Soap. tSci Kksolvent. .V c. nd 91. J'ottsi bcua
axi>Chzm. Cor.P.. Sole Prop*. Bniton.
tar" How to Car* tb« Wont Eczema." mailed free.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when you
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it. j .
LEVI STRAUSS & GO'S
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
'- -- ■• " ■ •- ■.'_■ i
Are made of the best materials.
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best stylo.
EVERY GARMENT- GUARANTEED.
FOR SALE EVERYWHERE.
Ci El N D for a picture of our i
Factory, ire will mail one to you free •
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEV. STRAUSS & CO.
SAN FRANCISCO,
CALIFORNIA.
, ■ - ■ ... -2
'•and there is not a man here who would
not rather take arsenic than pay a poll
tax; yet that distineuished mugwump
and Populiatic combination headed by
Bryan favors a more obnoxious measure
than the poil tax — favora an income tax—
which will compel every person to swear
to what he earns, and if he does not earn
It to swear to it for shame any
how. Do you want a man like
that from Nebraska to conduct the desti
nies of this country, a man who got the
nomination at Chicago by getting dyna
mite into his voice? What is his record?
Read history and you will find that Bryan
was for the infamous Gorman-Wilson tar
iff measure, which has almost bankrupted
the country. Now I want to aßk you why
it was that the Democrats deserted their
free-trade plans all at on:e. Look into
this and see what reason there was for
their desertion. There was a time when
the people of the Kast knew nothing
about silver, bat ai! at once they made a
change. When? Why, when the coun
try as a whole turned to McKinley
[Cheers], the author of the great protec
tive measure. There was absolutely noth
ing left for the Democrats to stand upon,
and they had to turn to some new cry;
and all at once the Democratic party ran
wild, like a runaway horse, yelling for sil
ver as their salvation.
'Now I want to say it is a false issue. I
am in favor of silver now, as I have al
ways favored it, but not in favor of tne
unlimited coinage of that money without
reference to other nations. The Examiner
says I have flopped on this question; that
I "once favored silver but have now
aban loned the idea. Let me say that the
only tlrng wrong with that siory is that
it is not true. lam for silver row, as I
Lave always favored it, but I am in favor
of a protective tariff and of sou: d money.' '
The speaker dwelt at some length upon
the failures of the Democratic party,
Bhowing how it took hold of the Govern
ment wlien there was a full treasury and
then practically bankrupted it. He com
plimented Cleveland on one thing, how
ever — his record in preventing violence in
Chicago and elsewhere by calling for Gen
eral Miles to stop all nonsense.
"Though a Republican," he continued,
"I am for my country and 'or the perpetu
ity of its institutions. I believe in doing
all we can for our country's greatness and
glory. With this belief I commend you to
McKinley, the peerless statesman and pa
triot. He who fought for unity and
strength in the past is for the protection
of the toiler at home as against the toiler
abroad to-day. He is for honest money,
for protection and prosperity. He opposes
class distinctions, and has done more
than all the Democrats combined to breuk
down sectionalism. In his mind there is
no North or South, and in his mental
horizon there is no Mason and Dixon's line.
Come with us under the banner of Repub
licanism, which means the welfare of the
whole people iorevermore."
The speaker was loudly applauded.
"The Star-spangled Banner" was feelingly
sung by Miss Roxey Dennis.
The next speaker was Rev. Anna Shaw,
who spoke briefly on the woman's rights
part ot the Republican plauorm, sayme:
"1 think this is even more important than
tie tariff or than gold and silver. Women
are taking great interest in politics every
where. Women are not taking an interest
in politics now because one candidate is
handsome, for both are handsome, both
are honorable, both are pure men and
good husbands. The women are corning
out because tbey are interested in poiit.es.
They know nearly as much about 16 to 1
as the men do, though they have as yet
had little opportunity to handle either
gold or silver. [Laughter.] I want to say
that there is no question of government
that concerns women less than men. If
one policy or the other is to make this
country prosper, that fact surely must
interest women as much as men, for their
homes and their liberties are affected as
much by great government changes as are
the homes and liberties of their husbands,
eons and fathers. [Applause.]
''The Republicans bravely voted for
woman's suffrage and thereby declared
their adherence to the fundamental prin*
ciples of republican government, in the
history of the triumphs of woman's rights
you will find the record of the Republican
party a glorious one. But lam not a Re
publican nor a Democrat nor a Populist
nor a Prohibitionist. I do not know
enough to be a Republican, I am not good
enough to be a Democrat, I have not suf
fered enough to be a Populist an<i lam
not sober enough to be a Prohibitionist.'
But if I wanted to be either I could not be
under your laws. Any kind of a man or
no kind of a man can be.ong to any party
he wants to, but a woman is for
ever barred. Why is it that you
men class us women on a political
basis with Chinese? Is it because we are
both long-haired? Are you not ashamed
to class women with idiots, lunatics and
Chinese? How would you like to be
classed that way? Wouldn't you resent
it, and don't you believe that your own
wives and daughters ought to be given a
chance to vote? WeoHen near that women
don't want to vote. That reminds me of
tne little Swede woman in South Dakota
who tod me when I complained that her
countrywomen did not want to vote that
I made a mistake in asking them their de
sires at the table. She said, 'Wait until
the husband is in the field and men they
all want to vote.'
"I am for your Republican platform, be
cause it stands for a Government of the
people, by the people and for the people,
and because it has taken the stand that
blazes the way for human rights ana glory
beyond."
The Bpeaker was enthusiastically ap
plauded. Her remarks were followed by
a song by W. E. Rowland entitled "Tell
Bryan That You Saw Me," which resulted
iii an enthusiastic recalL
The next speaker was Hon. S. G. Hil
born, who said in substance:
"I am pleased, indeed, to meet you here,
for, though I have been in this county a
long time, I do not remember to have ever
bpi.ken here before.
•'After considerable traveling all over
America I can say that this spot where
we now stand is one of the grandest on
earth.
"I do not care to make much of a
speech, for I am following one of the best
speakers 1 ever heard. [Applause.]
"Wben I went to "Washington I met
three remarkable men," continued the
speaker, "McKinley, Bryan and Watson —
all orators and all noble types of man
hood — all men of high personal character.
At St. Louis I heard a woman pay a high
tribute to McKinley, whom she called the
best husband in America. Day after day
and night aiter nignt he is* by the bedside
of bis invalid wife, never slighting her for
a moment. If the ladies could vote they
might vote for him, but Bryan is hand
some and eloquent.
"But beyond this let me say that wher
ever woman suffrage has been tried it has
been a success. Let me say that women
are to-day a big factor in politics in Wash
ington. It is recognized that the home
life of Congressmen has a great influence
on the Nation."
Mr. Hilborn said that the election of
Grover Cleveland was a mistake.
"It ha«i cost this country more than all
its wars. \Vhen Cleveland got back from
a duck hunt in North Carolina about two
years ago he discovered that our gold
was flowing out of the country and he
begged us to remain and repair the evil.
The Republican House tried to get through
a tariff law, but Democracy was iv the
way.
"And let me tell you that McKinley's
name to-day stands for protection to
American labor, and that is the real issue
of this campaign."
The speaker said the last Republican
Congress built battle-ships, improved har
bors and diti great and good work for the
general welfare of tbe people. Coining to
the funding bill he committed himself
firmly against extending the time of pay
ing tie debts which the Pacific roads owed
the Government. He said he objected to
borrowing money at 3}£ per cent and lend
ing it to the roads at 2 per cent.
"I voted against those unholy funding
bill schemes. Did I do ri ht? [A voice,
"Yes."] Then if you helieve I <iid right I
want you to vote for me. On silver, I
stand for international bimetallism.
There is no more siiver in the world than
We need and no more gold than we need.
All the groat cations are for both metals
and I believe the goal car. be reached by
proper, sober action. [Applause.]
'•You know full well that the Demo
cratic administration has been a failure.
You know that the day Cleveland took
charge there were more men at work in
this country than ever before and you
know ruin and disgrace follow Demo
cracy.
"This Nation is getting deeper and
deeper in debt under Democracy, while
under Republicanism we have steadily re
duced the debts mouth by month."
At the conclusion ot this speech the
audience dispersed to partake of the roast
ox and many delicacies prepared at the
barbecue. At night there was a ball and
the festivities ended with fireworks.
SONS OF THE REVOLUTION
They Banquet at the" California
Hotel in Commemoration of
the Country's Father.
A. S. Hubbard, the Organizer of the
Association, Occupies the S?at
of Honor.
The Sons of the American Revolution
pave a grand banquet at the California
Hotel last night in commemoration of
George Washington's farewell address to
the Nation founded by him and the brave
men who assisted him on the occasion of
his declination to accept a third term in
the Presidential chair.
The California Society of the Sons of the
American Revolution was organized in
San Francisco in 1876. the centennial year
of our anniversary, at which time about
a dozen oi those whose forefathers
COLONEL A. S. HUBBARD, the Founder of the California Society
of the Sons of the American Revolution on the 4th of July, J876.
fought in the Revolutionary War held a i
meeting and organized a platoon of
soldiers in continental dress who paraded
in the procession on the Fourth of July of
that year.
This small beginning was the patriotic
incentive to A. S. Hubbard, wno at a later ;
date compiled all data, and by indom
itable energy and determination remained
faithful to the work until his loyalty was
rewarded by a seat of honor at yesterday's
banquet.
The gathering last night was a grand
affair and did honor to the sons of the
grand men who fought that a nation of
free men might live.
Hon. Horace Davis delivered an address
on tv« events recalled by the anniversary.
Edward P. Cole spoke on Virginia, tne
State where Washington was born. Rev.
E. J. Dupuy gave a brief history of the
allied armies of the Revolution.
The "American Soldier" was the subject
upon which C. A. Sumner dwelt at con
siderable length.
General W. H. L. Barnes, in his usual
eloquent manner, held his associates as
close listeners to his review of the days of
Washington and his army.
A. S. Hubbard gave a brief history of
the organization of the society in San
Francisco.
In response to the toast, "The Spirit of
the Times," William M. Bunker said:
If a few simple words will serve you, they
are yours. 1 cannot brighten such a brilliant
occasion, I cannot match the masterly
speeches we have heard, I cannot swell the
importance of the hour or add another laurel !
to the wreath, but lean felicitate the people
on the potential patriotism of your presence.
Truly, the good men do lives after them.
In fancy I see our revolutionary ancestors
around this festive board.
The gentlemen In wigs are in varying moods,
some lively and some gay, some stern of !
aspect and looking like their pictures, but '
noisy or silent, merry or morose, they are ail
patriots, al brave and true, and for the sake I
of the cause and that the varnish of history
may. be unstained we will not try to hear what
tney are saying. Ii family traditions be trust
worthy some of the stories are ungloved and
of Bohemian flavor, and judging by the noise
in yon merry group one wigged patriot has
just told a story more juicy than genteel. j
But let that pass. There are no reporters
present, and the wife oi the story-teller, one
of the dear old revolutionary foremothers,
was doubtless none the wiser for the spicy
yarn and never knew what she had missed. '■
Ah I those old boys of blessed memory knew
a good thing when they met it, were the bet
ter for having met it, and no matter who like*
it or dislikes it, we, descendants of those illus
trious sires, will hold true to their memory
and fight for their principles. They made a
record of which all liberty-lovers are proud, ,
and If we can help it they shall never be de
nied their meed of praise.
Since when has it been a crime to honor pa
triots and patriotism? I ask this question be
cause there are those to-day who, through
jealousy or an equal petty motive, never lo.e
a chance to sneer at a society like ours— so
ciety lormed to perpetuate the principles of
llterty and pay tribute to patriots.
Out of the alembic of time a new and fresh
freedom will appear, the ideal freedom of our
forefathers, a freedom that will stand the '
crucial test of social and political strain, a
freedom that will place poverty and riches on
the same plane . and do justice to modest
merit. And when that time comes the de
vitalizing influence of aggressive wealth will
be a thine of the past and our country will re
turn to first principles. Then the Nation will
be poulticed with common sense and its
troubles healed. Let us cherish the hone that
the . progress of the republic will not.be in
dream or shadow, but stand out in cameo dis
tinctness, and that divine wisdom will move
its people by a common impulse to grand and
patriotic exertion. . .
■ The following are the names of those
who were present:
General N. T. Jameg, Sidney J. Loop, E. P.
Cole, G. W. Baker, C. L. P. Marais, Rev. E. J.
Dupuy, G. R. Presson. S. W. Holiaday, F. H
Day, P. C. Dv Bois, William SI. Bunker T. L.
Barker, George E. Howe, S. I. Kellogg, C J.
King. A. S. liubbard, H. H. North, G. I). Ab
bott, J. McHenry, W. G. Franklin, C.H.War
ner, F. A. Baldwin, tV. 8. Moses, Horace
Davis, Z. U. Doage, A. c. foaex, v. d,,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
H. E. Matthews, Ed K. Townsend, R. Haux
hurst, R. collier, E. 8. Clark, M.D.; M. Shel
don, B. Mauzy, J. C. McKinstry, Siduey M.
Smith, E. B. liolladay. L. L. Dorr, M.D. ; J. L.
Bromley, J. F. Stark. Key. J. H. Warren, George
T. Foisom, R. Vandercook, C. H. Sherman, K.
Williams, General EL W. Backus, L. A. Booth,
Dr. C. J. Burnham, J. W. Pack, I>. S. Ciitrk, A. F.
Goss. T. A. Perkins, General R. H. W.irfleld,
J W. Ward, C. A. Sumner, G. W. Reed, J. C. B.
Rutherford, Wiliam H. Finch, T. R. Smith, E.
B. Vreeland, Captnin W. I. Reed, U. S. A.,
Colonel J. C. Currier, L. G.. Burnett, J. W.
Fftrrinßton, J. J. Scoviile, If. L. Reqna. J. R.
Robinson, F. B. Ladd, E. BonneU, J. B. Warner,
E. P. Halsted, E. W. McKinstry, E. K. Head, B.
IC Newcomb, Colonel K. \Yildmau, Charles
Bone, A. H. Phelps.
■ «—« — » — •
BROTHERS IN ART.
Keith, Bruce Porter, Willis Polk and
Douglas Tiiden Will Fool
Ideas.
William Keith, Bruce Porter, Willis
Polk and Douglas Tiiden have' banded
themselves into a union to pool their ideas
on the subject of art. It was Willis Polk's
idea in the first instance, that the arts of
architecture, sculpture, mural decoration
and painting should not go straying along
different paths, but should all be fused
into one harmonious, whole, and his
friends entered heartily into the idea.
"The old Italian artists combined ar
chitecture with sculpture and paintine,''.
said Willis Polk, enthusiastically. "Mich
ael Angeio did not design buildings with
out any regard to the statues that were to
ornament them, or the paintings that
were to go on the walls. The arts were
combined, and that is just what we want
to do— blend the arts into one." * ■
Douglas Tiiden said that he approved
heartily of the idea, but that be had not
given much thought to how it was to be
put into execution. "We want to try to
work in unison," he said. "If any place
is to be built all the arts should be repre
sented in it. The idea is not to go as far
as a business partnership— we are to pool
our ideas, that is all. We can meet and
I talk and suggest when there is any build-
ing about to be erected; that is as far as
our plans have gone at present."
Bruce Porter laughed at the lidea of
there being any business partnership.
"Artists and sculptors here take the
crumb" that fall from the tables of the
rich. There is not enough eoing on to
justify them in forming a commercial ar
rangement. Ours is simply a sympathetic
relationship between men pertaining to
the arts, to bring closer together archi
tecture, sculpture, mural decoration and
painting. It could not be applied prac
tically, except in the case of important
buildings, but we hope to influence stu
dents.
"If you want an example of the effect
of severing the arts, there Is always the
beautiful and noble example of the City
Hall, where the architecture, sculpture
and mural decoration are ail diverse and
all bad. Results like that always ensue
when the general arrangement is left in
the hands of laymen. When the Pbelan
monumen is put outside Native Sons'
Hall, people will see an example of 'the
harmonious results achieved by the archi
tect and sculp.or working together in
sympathy and unison."
DECORATING THE HALL.
Extensive Preparations for the
Republican County Convention
to Be Held In Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 19.—Linder
man's Opera-bouse has never looked more
attractive than it will on Monday morn
ing when the County Republican conven
tion will meet. The streamers will fall
from the chandelier to the gallery railing,
and the latter will be festooned with loops
of bunting and pictures, large and small,
ofMcKinley. • \
Corn - brooms and street - sweeper's
brooms, with such mottoes as "How
About Maine?" "From Maine to Califor
nia in 1896," "Protected Brooms," "A
Republican Sweep in 1896," "Clean Sweep,
1896," and the like will , adorn the walls.
American flags, used as curtain?, will
separate the stage from the auditorium.
The gentlemen in charge of the work are
B. F. Lamborn, Ed Randlett and W. F.
Burns. /
On the platform will be a band, the press
representatives and the officers of the con
vention. The delegates— 244 in number
will be seated. in blocks. Alameda on the
left, Oakland on the left center in wards,
Berkeley on the rieht center, and Brook
lyn on the right, with the Brooklyn, Eden
and Washington delegates in the rear. .
• • «
MRS. DE SILVA'S DIAMONDS.
Joseph P. vat ore Held to Answer
for Stealing Them. -
Joseph P. Salvatore, cook in a restaur
ant at 621 Bush street, was yesterday held
to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Joachimsen on the charge of grand
larceny in $2000 bonds. Mrs. Rafaela de
Silva was the complaining witness, and
she aliened that Salvatore, while she was
supposed to be running the lestaurant in
partnership with him, went to her room
and stole her diamonds. ~
Salvatore had another warrant served
upon him for obtaining money by false
pretenses. Mrs. de Silva is also the com*
plaining witness in. this case, and she al
leges that Salvatore got $200 from her for
a share in the restaurant, but she found
that he bad no interest in it and refused to
return her money. . '-, .
IWaiH<— » » ♦ — »
Placed Under ». ivil Service.
Collector Wise was yesterday notified by the
department at Washington thr t twenty-one
employes in the Appraiser's, Department,"hith
erto classed as laborers, would In future be
under civil service. This means an increase
in salary of from $90Q to $1200 a year.
THEY FLED FROM
THE GALLERIES
Electric Sparks Nearly
Cause a Panic at the
Orpheum.
CURTAIN WENT DOWN.
Hundreds Crowded the Exit
Seeking to Escape to the
Street.
IT WAS A FALSE ALARM.
All tb.2 People Returned to Their
Ssats and Sat the Pro
gramm? Out.
Last night at the Orpheum Theater
there was a narrow escape from a serious
panic. Nobody was injured, though hun
dreds rose from ti.eir seats and fled pre
cipitately to the doors.
The usual Saturday night audience
packed the house. Early in the evening,
about 9:30 o'clock, the electric wires be
came Crossed ia the stage illuminating
apparatus and caused some confusion
behind the scenes "out of sight," causing
brilliant sparka to fly around.
Staid Stage Manager Holden, deeming
"discretion the better Dart of valor," rang
down the curtain.
"When the curtain dropped a young man
in the front row, with a suspicion born of
long attendance on vaudeville, divined
that something was wrong.
He rose and ran down the aisle for the
main entrance He was followed by
others. They even rushed down from the
gallery. In a few seconds there was a
crowd of several hundred people at the
main entrance struegling for exit.
Meanwhile "the band played on," and
a serious panic and stampede of the house
was averted.
When the doorkeeper saw that the
crowd wanted to get out he opened the
broad doors and let them flock into the
atmosohere of O'Farrell street. Wben
tbe crowa saw that there wns no impedi
ment to exit many did not go out, and in
a few minutes all returned into tl>e
theater and sat the programme out.
HARDWOOD PAVEMENTS.
The Merchants' Asscciat on Will
Test an Australian
Product.
Efforts to Htve, ExtensiV3 Street-
Sprinkling tor Solitary and Hy
gienic Purposes.
The regular meeting of the directors of
the Merchants' Association was held yes
terday, present President P. W. Dohr
mann. James S. Con well, "W. D. Doane, A.
Fusenot, Huso D. Keil, Henry Michaels,
M. A. Rothchild, Vanderlynu Stow and
Frank A. Swain.
Colonel George W. 8011, United States
Consul at Sydney, N. S.W., submitted to
the board the experience of the city of
Sydney in using wood blocks for the
paving of that city. He submitted samples
of the wood there used. It is a species of
very nard eucalyptus that is grown in
Australia. One of the samples was a block
that had been down on a street that was
the heaviest traveled for ever twelve years,
and the wear was oniy 1-10 of an iijch in
that period. He reported that the experi
ence with this wood in Sydney was so
satisfactory that the city had abandoned
every other form of pavement, and is now
using wood only. He claimed that wood
could be sent in large sizes to the United
States, where it could be cut in the proper
sized blocks and used for pavina at a cost
not exceeding that of the best materiuis
thai are now In use here. In case the City
of San Francisco desireJ to experiment
with this wood pavement, Colonel Bell
agreed to get the concession from the
Australian Government to have tbe wood
sent to the United States lor that purpose.
The board decided to refer the entire
matter to the consulting engineer with
instructions that the subject be thoroughly
investigated and that a thorough researcu
be made throughout California for the
purpose of ascertaining whether this spe
cies of eucalyptus was not also grown
within our borders, California being famous
for its many varieties of eucalyptus. The
directors thought it advisable to ascertain
whether this species of wood was not al
ready grown in this State, and whether
it could not be raised here. The objection
to wood as a pavement arising from the
unfortunate experience of the City with
Nicholson's pavement in former years was
shown in no way to apply to this new
wood pavement.
An official communication was received
from the Board of Health containing a
memorial addressed to the Merchants'
Association. The memorial contained the
report of Dr. John C. Spencer, bacteriolo
gist of the board, and stated that tuber
culosis or consumption was largely the
result of the inhalation of dust that had
dried germs of tuberculosis contained in
the expectorations of those afflicted with
the disease. The memorial claimed that
by lightly sprinkling the surface of the
streets this dust would be kept In a moiit
condition and would therefore not be dan
gerous. The danger from this dust is in
its pulverized ury condition and by
lightly sprinkling the streets the dust
can be kept down. Tne memorial recom
mended the light sprinkling of surfaces
about to be swept and that wagons con
taining sweepings be covered.
The directors of tbe association decided
to thank the Board of Health for the
memorial and instructed the secretary to
forward the same to the Board of Super
visors with the request that the recom
mendations be executed by the Board of
Supervisors as soon as possible.
The following applications for member
ship were received and the parties were
unanimously elected members of tne as
sociation: M. J. Brandenstein & Co., Owen
& Starr, Hermann Safe Company, H. Eb
binghausen, John Berges, John Pforr,
American Biscuit Company. The addi
tion of these new members makes the
total membership of tne association at
present 669 business firms.
Stole a Barrel of Liquor.
William Smith was arrested yesterday by
Policemen T. L. Ryan and Ea ODea aud
booked at the Seventeentu-street station on
the charge of grand larceny. During the fire
Thursday nignt at Ninth and Bryant streets
Smith stole a barrel of liquor belonging to
Harry Walcom, saloou-keep :r on the corner,
and sold it to Jacob Stanish, saloon-keeper,
2045 Folsom street.
In the Twenty-Ninth.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly Democratic
District Convention met at the Flood
building yesterday. John Allen was
made the unanimous choice of the conven
tion for the Assembly fr om the Twenty
ninth Assembly District. Speeches were
made by Messrs. Allen, Tillman, Lydon
and others. ...-,. . ... \ :
• ♦ •
BRYAN AS A DEMAGOGUE.
The Boy Orator as Seen by a
Neighbor.
Daniel Powell, a well-known citizen of
Reno, Nev., recently got a very interest
ing letter from his nephew, Judge CM.
Palmer of Lincoln, Neb., one of Bryan's
friends and neighbors. It sheds much
liguton the boy orator's character and,
shows that he is a demagogue. Among
other things the writer says:
Now as for Mr. Bryan, he is a neighbor of ,
mine and has been for many years. His office !
is in the same building, not thirty leet from
mine, I have frequently tried cases with him. |
He and his family belong to the same church
as I and my family. Mr. Bryan is in every '
sense an honorable, pleasant gentleman, a good
citizen Rnd a fair lawyer. As a man I have the
proiouniiest respect for him.
But it is politically that we are considering
him now. He is strictly a politician; bis
whole life has been devoted to politics; his law
practice is a geco id consideration.
His ambition is for political notoriety, and
so fur he has made his way by his brilliant ora
tory. As an orator he has no superiors and i
thit.k few equals; he is simply irresistible; he
carries an audieuce by storm; people will ap- i
plaud his bursts of oratory, but after the ex
dtement is over they will wonder at the man
ner in which they have seemingly lost their
heail9.
Mr. Bryan is simply an ndventurer in pub- !
lie; he is always scheming for tome nuw !
dodge, some wild-eyed scheme to catch new i
voters and the discontented, disappointed ed- |
venturers like himself; he is always playing i
upon the people's imaginary grievances, aim- !
ing to inflame their prejudices against those i
who are more contented and more successful
than they.
The Dehaes, the Coxejn and the strikers are
sure to tind an advocate in him. Four years
aj;o he was an ardent free-trader; he draw
tears from the eyes of his hearers by painting
the woes coming from a protective tariff ; he
pledged them ail sorts of relief lrom free trade,
etc. But having partially succe>ded is de
stroying some of our most important indus
tries, chief among which is the utter ruin of
our sheep and wool tiade, he views the ruin
he has helped to bring upon the people with
perfect comp.acency. He even laughs at it,
but makes no effort at defending their in
famous fraud upon the people. He now
strikes a new note on a higher key ; it is ''free
silver" now, and with many plau?ibie speeches
he seeks to again deceive and gull tne dear i
people, and. strange to say, he is succeeding in |
mitny localities.
Immediately after his nomination he cre
ated quite a furor here. There wns quite a
Bryan vavo swept over the country, but it was j
largely on account of State prido and Bryan's i
local popularity, but it has very largely 'sub- ;
sided now, and the sober second thought of :
the people has already asserted itself, and to I
my personal knowledge the Republican party
is steadily gaining strength every day.
• ••••*
Again, thinking people who know Mr. Bryan
know tiim to be a young man only 36 years
of age, with no experience, no knowledge of j
the science of government, with no realizing '
sense of the importance of the place he is seek- j
lug, with, in fact, nothing to back him save I
his wonderful oratory, and they are alrendy !
asking of what account will his oratory be to
the Nation if he is by chai.ee made President.
They know him to be a man of inordinate
ambition; that he truckles to every element,
DO matter how dangerous it may be, for sup
port. They know he seeks to advance his own
political fortunes, at all haz»rds>, and if that i
be nece.'sary the welfare or the Nation would
be sacrificed to his greedy ambition.
Mr. Bryßn teaches that kind of political
treason that makes the poor man hate the ',
rich man, no matter though the rich man may :
furnish him employment with which to sup- !
Eort his family; it Is a doctrine oi hate — to i
ate everybody and everything above you in .
the financial, social or political world. The i
man who is better off than you in the world is,
by Pryan, held up to desecration as the man
responsible for all your woes, and straqee to
say in the very lowest Classes it is a catching i
doctrine.
Again, he teaches that all government is i
tyrannical. Policemen, State militia and es- !
pi-dally United States troops are kept up sim- i
ply to oppress and persecute the adherents of ;
his scheme. The lower down and more law- '
breaking classes are only too glad to find a
champion in him. He champions every wild
pyed, visionary fad that he thinks may help
him to swim to political fame.
I am quite confident that McKinley will be
overwhelmingly elected. I am sue he will
carry Bryau's ward, Bryan's city, Bryan's ;
county, Bryan'* Congressional district, ani I I
«m quite confident he will carry Bryan's State,
though the Pops and Democrats have fused in
this Slate, which with some few soit-headed
silver Republicans, will make us a hard tight,
hut we are going to put up the fight of our ;
lives.
DEMOCRATS AND FUSION.
The State Central Committee For-
mally Ratifies the Unholy
Daal.
The Democratic State Central Commit
tee held a special meeting in the billiard
room of the California Hotel yesterday to
ratify the fusion ticket of electors and Con
gressmen which the politicians in control
had engineered through the mess of fusion
special committees which had been at the
front for several weeks.
This ratification by tbe State Central
Committee was simply a measure decided
on through an excess of caution, and the
action was simply formal and perfunctory.
Not twenty members of tbe committee
were present when Chairman Alford and
Secretary McCabe began to engineer the
format proceedings.
A lesolution offered by W. J. Brobeck
was adopted, and thereby the operation of
naming four Populist electors in the place
of the four Democratic electors who had
resigned was repeated formally by the
highest party authority which at the time
could express itself.
In the resolution C. A. Barlow, the Pop
ulist nominee of the Sixth District, was
named to supply the vacancy caused by
resignation of W. S. Patton, the one Dem
ocrat whose resignation was secured dur
ing tne fusion negotiations.
Mr. Brobeck. also introduced a success
ful resolution concerning that $30 assess
ment levied on the members of the State
Central Committee at the last meeting.
Seven of tbe huudred and some
committeemen had paid the as
sessment and d rustic measures ap
peared to be necessary. Mr. Brobeck's
resolution declared that failure to pay tbe
assessment should be sufficient grounds
for removal of delinquents, and further,
that delinquents shall be removed if the
assessments are not paid by October 3.
There wa9 also adopted a resolution by
J. W. Alitchell of Los Angeles faVoring
campaign meetings at an early oate in the
principal towns and cities of the State un
der tl.e joint auspices of the Democratic,
Populist and silver parties.
Another resolution offered by R. B.
W tiiting, proxy for P. F. Brantsford of
Plumas County, provided that the mem
bers of the State Central Committee and
the various county committees be in
structed and directed to assist to tbe best
of their ability in securing the election of
Now
Is the time when you should look, out for
the condition of your health. Avoid sick-
ness by ; purifying and enriching your
blood wiih
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The Beat— ln fact The One True Blood Purifier.
Hood?s Pille d< > n °t cause pain or
IIUUU 5 flllS g r ip e . A U druggists, 250.
Ely's Cream Balm Efi
Cleanses the Nasal ; W^^n^^iai I
Passage*. Allays P»in fWHXZtI W>3 *M
and inflammation, Kfr>> ix/S x A
Kectores the >ense« of ',&*, H ' < 'T^"/»S
Taste and Smell. j$ _S "*&£#
Heals the Sores. [jE&lft _^£^M^J
Apply Balm Into each nostril llSiBfer*£^d™Sßi
Kit 880t.,66 VY M r»a Ib&I y^^ l *^
the fusion candidates, "and to give every
advantage to tho-e who may represent
them at any period of the campaign."
THE IL A U:G DEBT.
The Election CommUaionerg Consider
the jiatter.
The Grand Jury's recommendation
that the question of payins the floating:
indebtedness of the City be submitted to
the people at the next general election
was discussed at a meeting of the Election
Commissioners yesterday. It seemed to
be the general impression that such a
r NEW TO-DAY. ../
I Tell All Hyams, Brown & Co.,
Your Friends
that Hyams, Brown & Co.,
the largest Wholesale
Manufacturers of Fine
Clothing on the Pacific
| Coast, are now selling at
retail, thus saving you
one-half the retailers'
profit.
Special Sale.
| Until next Saturday night we are going to
| hold a Special Sale that will startle the com-
munity. Look at the way we have slashed
prices :
I Men's All-Wool Blue Kersey Overcoats, loner cut, velvet
collar. Worth at retail, $12.50." Our wholesale price, 56.00
Men's All-Wool Business Suits, In Brown, Cray, Black and
Blue. Cheap elsewhere at $10, Our wholesale price, $S.OO
Boys' All-Wool Loner Pants Suits, 4- lines, good value, ages
■ 13 to 19. Our wholesale price 54.00
L~ ——WORTH TEN DOLLARS.
&I"Ji I i I k |r WHOLESALE 9
I iii iyi jmJLU^ manufacturers ' f
In!! #^|P|j WT Men's, Boys' & Children's i
C^NJr FINE cloth »nq I
HH^ RETAILED ]
I*^ At Wholesale Prices i
25-27 SANSOME STREET 4
FONLYHALF A BLOCK FROM MARKET ; STREET $
-^p- -~- -^^- <^v -^»- -^^- -^^ -^f -^+- -^^-
■■■■■in JJUtTWlwy^i I 111 ■LlLiil'gMLlJgMi'llJaLlJlllßliltli^ftMlJ^aMßWlL,
HAVE RESUMED
business. The phenomenal success attending our
recent sale has permitted us to satisfy the claims
of our creditors in an incredibly short time and
enabled us to start in business again on a cash
basis. In buying our new stock we have taken
in the cream of the many big bargains which the
present stagnation has forced manufacturers and
jobbers to dispose of at great sacrifices. We note
below a few items of a storeful, which will
astonish you for variety, style and extremely
low price.
HHZZIZ 75c Silk and Wool Mixed Suiting in beautiful design, for. . .60c -
37c Fancy Mohair Dress Goods, 42 inches wide, for 25c -
IZZZIZZ 37c A Wool-Heather Mixed Dress Goods, 38 inches wide. . 25c — — — —
IZZZZIZ: 25c Fancy Colored Mohair Suiting, 36 inches wide, for Yl Ac '
. ■ 25c Black Figured Alpaca, cut t0..... ........:.12^c ' ~
~ZIIZZZ^. . l'2}4c Cashmere Flannelette.... BJ/3C . ■
HHZIZZ I2}|c 32-inch Wash Llama Cloth (mill closed down) 5 C . ZZZZIZZ
■ZZZZZZ^I 75c Black Soleil, 42 inches wide 50 c —
————— 75c Figured Black- Soleil, 42 inches wide. 50 c
ZHZZZZL 20c 10-4 Sheeting, marked down t0.... . 150 ZZZZZZZI
HZZIZZ: BLANKETS, heretofore always sold for $7 50, offered at $4 50. •
_- - Cold nights are coming. . • . .
jIJsI.MOBAN&CO.,' O":S.r,;0 ":S.r,;S s ' :
REDUCTION IN (T\ ~7~
; Clearance Sale. \J>V\ fVW\\\\ f%V^
1890 %fe565.00. *>S?B§J& V
- : 1896 TANDEMS $99.00.
liilip=»^r Ilill SO. I.IDESLS $49.00.
lliP~~? HP 80S. 2,4 and S IDEALS, $39.00.
, "*3SESssSfiSHfIEBHBHMBfcB*S6i*' > : All New. Guaranteed One Year.
GEO. A. FAUI/KJS KB. Oakland Agent, cor. Twelfth and Webster Stf«
nnnoiiro KOK barker* bar. cosivioi'oijita.w.
KKBIJ^ M 9b trs, bootblacks, bath- j
ft* II II law houses, billiard- table* ! Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 fifth su, San
, brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners. I Francisco,Cai — The most select family hotel In
i dyers,- flourmills, ..foundries, laundries, paper- ' the city. Board and room 1, SI 25 aud $1 60 por
| hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, tt;»ul» j day, according to room. Meals 25c. .Rooms .'>■'•
■ men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc. . and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
BUCHANAN BROS., " . . Loot for the coach bearing the name of the Co*
BrusUilaauft*tturers.eyuS»cramcuto3»» | mopoUtan Hotel. . WM. *' AHJi X, Proprietor.
question conld only be acied en at a
special election, but it was decided to loot
further into the leyal aspect of tke case
before takintr any steps in the matter.
Registrar Hir.ton reported to the Com
missioners that he had selected Gairet
McEneiney as his attorney in the nun.
dagnaa proceedings brought by the od
liue Democrats.
Address by Key. Sir. Birch.
Tne usual afternoon service for young mea
only will be neld at the Christian Association
Mason smd Ellis streets, to-day at 3 o'clock.
The address will be delivered by Rev. Mr
Birch. All young men welcome. Seats free.ENGLAND IN NO
HURRY TO ACT
Salisbury's Policy Regard
ing Turkey Is Some
what Changed.
NO AID FROM UNCLE SAM
Attitude of This Country a Keen
Disappointment to British
Statesmen.
GLADSTONE'S VIGORGTT3 POLICY.
Wil Advocate the Immediate Severing
of Diplomatic Relations With
the Sultan.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 19.— England has
been facing for a week what on all sides is
described as imminent danger of war, and
on the whole she is not as sure as she was
last week that she likes ii. Then the most
interesting feature of the situation was the
fact that the Tories were helping to work
up an Armenian agitation; now the ran*t
significant thing is that they are turning
round and almost tearfully deprecating it.
I get from a source which I respect a hint
that this change has been influenced by a
message sent through roya! channels from
the Danish court that the Czar was best to
be handled some other way.
It is on this question, bear in mind, of
how far the Czar can be handled at all at
Bernsdorff and Ba.morai tbat the situation
now most largely turns. Upon the effort
to bring him into sympathy w^th the
English point of view as much energy as
was deemed safe has been expended inside
the Danish royal family. It was at Copen-
hagen alone in Europe that the late Czar
used to hear the truth, but Ue was an un
known mas to tell truth to, and when he
did not suik in solitude for days there
after he had an unpleasant way of split
ting a table with his giant fist as a token
that he had beard enough.
His successor is wholly unlike the
father, so far as externals go, but how
amenable he is to influence no one knows.
By some accounts he is of a gentle and
amiable temperament j others say tbat he is
a taci- urn, suspicious egoist, witd the obsti
nacy of a ruule. Howev- r tnat may be,
bis Danish and English relatives will have
baa a month in which to do what they
cr.n with him.
Russia's notification to the powers made
in August of last year tnat she w uld re
sist any attempt on the part of any power
to intervene on its own account in Tur
key still formally blocKs tbe war. Priuce
Lobanoff leattirmed that position in
Vienna, and on the strength of this the
Austro-German decision to go witb Russia
was made absolute. Apparently Loban
off' s spectacular disappearance from the
scene did noi alter Poissa' 8 attitude, as it
was reaffirmed again at Breslau. Botti
the German aud Austro-Hunsrarian papers
oi the inspired sort have been conducting
a campaign of bluster against England
all the year, but tbeir truculence was
never so marked and confident as in the
past week or two. The same class of Rus
sian journals, too, now talk with more
assurance than ever before about a league
of all Europe against England.
So far, therefore, as diplomatic records
go. England continuas to be confronted
by Russia's threat of war. If she ven
tures io take independent action in pro
tecting the Armenians and ignoring the
fact that nominally, at least, the concert
of Europe stands behind Russia, and butts
her head suraigh against this wall, it may
be magnificent, hut it will not be wbat
England upon reflection is at all likely to
do. There may be ways of weakening the
wall or of turning past it. Lord Salisbury
has been toiling all tt.e year to detach
somebody from this European concert. It
is generally understood, both here ai:d
abroad, that Italy is mo^e or iess commit
ted to England's assistance, but this by
itself is not good enouah. France is
visibly feeling the effects of the humanita
rian upheaval in England, and her papers
do not revile the British agitation as do
those of Berlin and Vienna, but diplomat
ically France is in the Czar's pocket.
There remains then the possibility ot
winning over the Czar himself.
There is also another alternative which
one day seems very remote and the next
advances into tbe foreground. This is the
fact that England may discover sufficient
reasons for believing ihat in case she took
a bold course the old rivalries and jealous
ies of her existing on the continent would
really paralyze action against her. It i«
of cour;?e, a huge risk to run, but En land
has trusted before now to the chance that
Europe would remain motionless in the
face of a fait accompli. She did it when
she bombarded Alexandria, and she came
off then with safety. Adventurous spirits
are urging Lord Salisbury to take this
chance acain, and la«t week, as was said,
it loofct-d as if he had nerved himself to do
it, but this week it ooks different.
Little is said about a matter whic may
easily have a very significant bearing on
this pha>e o: the outlook. Germany and
Russia have be^un what practically
amounts to a revivai of their old customs
war. The ratification oi a Russo-Ger
man commercial treaty in 1893 was really
the foundation on which the political rap
prochement between Berlin and St. Pe
tersburg vi as reared.
In his recent retro rade course, how
ever, Emperor William has tried to curry
f«vor with the Agrarian nobility o* East
Prussia by allowing officials to interpret
this treaty io tbe detriment of Russian
food products. Russia, after a vain re
monstrance, has retaliated by trebling the
duty on Germen ieatner poods, snd it is
expected that in a few weeks the whole
fabric of the treaty will be in ruins. The
Berlin official press has already got to the
point of threatening that the Reuhsbank
will be again forbidden to deal in Russian
securities. All this is rather striking proof
in favor of tbe contention that the Euro
pean concert is really a name ratner than
a fact, and ihat it is ready to fall to pieces
at a resolute toucb.
A? another hypothetical wav out of this
slough of world disgrace, it must be said
that the English abandon with profound
disHppointment the r transient hope hat
America m e.:t join them in a holy cru
sade. An was pointed out last week, this
was at best a ratner trn.d and despairing
hope.
Tbe Su James Gaz ue raised it aimost
to the sanguine point by talking of the
NEW TO-DAY-CLOTHING.
Green Tags hare served their purpose | The significance of a Green Taj daring s^f *TP^ 18 % i$ + TPT""*V J a A printed statement earning from a relia-
They were put on for the purpose of strength- the past two weks is known to every one I / gf^ <#-"»^i 1 [L^ «j /^| r #^i j~M L gg^ r -^ JL f ble house is like unto a contract between
enmg the bends ot friendship between you that has profits thereby. Need wo say \j f\ I| | JT"^ H || | ft- |rC. sh| § *t 3 B H~^ 5-i B * buyer and seller ; we regard it as such ■
and us. T/ey have fulfilled their object, more? By request Green Tags remain in ! ik^w M. M. M ML JL M JL^WJLm I^l 1V» JL *&aMr&,Zs f^ • hence the reason or our success. '
We are satisfied. force for another 6 days. j
~~ ■ Our mail yesterday was the largest the big store ever received and the prin- rir<g
I <^^^s^v ' cipal portions of it were requests to continue Green Tags for another six days. I r\Q i
<f^^r33) |Sf^fcj§ ' 10 allow a great many that could not embrace the opportunity earlier of
u^^w f?fr *^eT many bargain advantages offered through the Green Tags, we feel \ in duty £* %* ; ; X
\ 4) \\ xlj/ bound and in respect to the wishes of many , to continue the Green Tags and\^}W] £
>/Oi^sV J^ \^>f(lL let them remain in force for six days more.
/(W/T\ n~f\\ ~~ ~^^ ~~~~~ and
/ \ \ i ir Iw/lti v_v v^ *&r suits.
are the stylish dressers in town, Zsvyi.Vl.LJ( 200 j-tfegi / ||\ l \v\ T \x. f~,j/ // . ~t \P^\ f fills swellest. The Vests are made
Some 600 Suits, representing / / W^^'^^^^Jj^^^H !" ul^'t^^^^@^|^ Single and Double Breasted
values up to $12, in those fine We have taken these 200 Uls- !;^^^^ / I ■ >. /l^fi%^^^^^^^^^^«H^ ill Sachs; no end of 'em, in no end
imported Worsted Cheviots in sters in all new Fall colorings, ISWr*^ / i?^^^^^9^Hi^^&M WA : \of pretty colorings. There'sneat
focaiitcdTMe thfi sin^bl'ta^t deep stor7>t collar > in yer V f ash - ;| fS / %S^^StS^^^^^^^|S^^BK P X checJcs among 'em; some very
7j7 ' " 7 nunTil p n^r/Z/'rwc fen* Inrl q 7>/»_ t'l j?i? 'TifS A ;/i<J I 'A 3J?iv}?i SICCLv J)LftlCl'S 9 CtTVCI/ SODIO OT tfIOSO
in. Tiew; overplaids, very tween the ages of 5 and 16, and :|| 1 , M r^liSW^^^S^^^^^S f MS ■ |p very dressy blue andblack Chev-
swell goods, made with fly front have Green Tagged 'em |P'| || IB^ JS «^* °£r
Some of those very excellent •-—^2 fi^">— — !«$ P& /&^ |?/^^^-%^^^^^S^^^^^^^ l^^tfl^|^i |^~" 'P half so great as this offer.
Qf/n] p t,ij ilrti T 7Th *?7 77 (5 / /*— ~"^ ™ ' "" ' " ' *" '" T-5J -• t. Z* * *'_^^pr^*" "— , ■ r'*"''"ft- r^JWUti^**^
*/l^ ■ *^^w* I^jimi^ _w t ' 1* -^w m^^T~" __But4'3l'w3mJ l %i^*"**-"">o&*' 'iVVVI*i iSflt. ft^fitfiFw T/ 9 7 77 7 J 7_ J.
"^^sl^^M \o/ rfar- - V^'i^!§^ag'^^=^ =:^ " '-■ fe^- ~ :r "" — —^== j^— : vZ^^i ::^a^^si|. Jy^ , Suits mentioned above— both the
3 I "/J \™<uch imitated ( Q> [//I I ■ ~~ . •_■_-■ : ——— ~~ ~ __ ~ —■•$l3« 75 -i-.
h-vitLja&nrf^te* ft - an opportune offer! —
K^jnone have the ffl W JrlkL V/I I v/l\l V^ i i- * Vf£ i,JUi\i
ihaTourtpZ § S^ Ifs &** at tMs time of the year you are thinking of your Winter wardrobe. A Combination Formed
/ /\ sess; beauti- A Suit and an Overcoat constitutes a man's wardrobe. We propose to let the -In your interest Scarcely are
/ / fully trimmed; That very swell Reefer Top (Itppii Ta6<t fuTn*i<sh ami hnfJi fnr- combines formed, for that pur-
/ I I beaut i fully Coat you see above, made from ** ™ n *** 1 h * V ° U botil t° r >: ;;-;y :. . . . pose. You will no doubt appre-
\\ J I braided; long high-grade Blue Chinchilla, — .415 1 ' *-^ T 7 date it-right at the beginning
I \ I) trousers, in a with pretty velvet collar, four ~""™*iHP -*- *-^ -■» «-^"""" ■■ ■ of the season we take our very
\J \V very pretty big pearl buttons ; you'll reco& T . „ 7  , , . • 0.. : %'V,j o 77 7. _ \ choicest Overcoats and our very
<^ ! v shade of blue nizeitasas6coatforladsbe it appears almost imvossibleto imagine a Suit and an Overcoat, all high- 1 sweilest Suits, all brand new
andntade from excellent Chcv- ni2>& iv <ts a eso coaz for vaas oe- class goods, at $18.75, but that's what the Green Tags do for you. fall and winter fashions, not a
andrnade from excellent Chcv- I c l ass goods, at $18.75, but that's what the Green Tags do for IJOU. f al \ fashions, not a
tot; for lads between the ages L ri c  _i -."„ °' ° ana 1U ' ■-.rr^- * — — — ■ -■ ■ . ■ — . . J last year's garment in the entire
of 3 and 10: including a cord You II find, it Green, Tagged : • lot, and offer you the both, the
and whistle. Green Tagged, rr* a r^r~ IT^^ A IT W A gy "^ w a/^ " Suit and the Overcoat, for
~53.50~ ~s4 35~ .O AjJN APS --$13.75.^
Dfi HIT X 17 T 3 0 end f°i°^ n^^oh, "mnts ■ :'.',/, t :..,;^ L^ M^-- iJ o ires %e wTus^v%^
Kllr H 2 % From a Big Store." It will post (IN ■ ORPORATED), - lot of money under other stores'
I t\\ § Lx\ l_i LJ IIJ you as to prices and styles for the — THE PH.ISCO boys — . prices. See ours before you buy.
"" *-■*-« *J Fall and Winter seasons. :C^ "B "1 TQ" nr»H 1 'R' T^T ** s* t»-Mirr 'Gl4'-m AA 4> ' Visitors as welcome as pur-
(lncorporated), RAPHAEL'S **' Up Id and l&,.SLeamy Street. ChaSerS ' RAPHAEL'S
That Big Kearny -Street Store. (Incorporated). . TIVO Entire Buildings-—,— -Eight Floors. (Incorporated).
new triple alliance, Enrla:id. America and
Italy, as if it were under serious consider
ation by the powers concerned, but the
reported expressions of American opinion
have roughly dashed tnis hope again.
Precisely why we could wage war upon
Barbary pirates in the first decade of the
century, clearing tbe Medi'erranean of its
foul nests of corsairs and slavery on our
own u<>ok, when tbe cowardly European
powers w re buying immunity from th< m
by annual tributes, and yet be restrained
by etiquette now in t;-e century's last
decade from interfering in the same sea
and on a far eraver and more imperative
errand of humanity I personally should
not like to have to explain to wondering
Englishmen. Europe was glad enough
t^en to proht by our couraee and grit,
though its his or es contain wonderfully
brief accounts of what we did when 'tis
mentioned at all No one imagines that
the despotic governments east of the
Rhine and the Alps wouid be pleased with
our intervention now, but it is when they
were least pleased tbat civilization most
flourished.
lam told tbat it is the Prince of Wales
who has taken this notion of American
help most :o heart, and it is lan< ied that
some reflection of this idea was what the
St. James Gazette caught. The Prince is
taking extreme interest in the whole
affair. In tbe past wee* be has made ex
tensive alterations in hia plans in order
to go to-day to Dalm- ny and stay with
Lord Rosebery till it is time to| go to
Lei'h, meet the Czar and talk the situa
tion over fully. There is, of course, noth
ing in the talk of his presiding at the St.
James Hall m^etinc, but Mr. Gladstone
will speak on Tue day at a big meeting
io Liverpool. I have seen to-day a long
private .etter from the "G. O. M.," wh-ch
advocates an nimediste withdrawing of
tbe British Emoa«sador from Constanti
nople, and at the same time giving Cos
:aki Bey his passports, thus leaving Brit
ish interests in Turkey in charge of tbe
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
Italian embassy, aud it is understood that
this is what he will oub icly ur c i»« Tuev
day- Harold Frederic.
[Copyright, 1896, Or the N«w York Times, j
ABDUL HAMID MUST GO.
That It th* General sentiment in the
G'rtnitt 1 nivirr.
BERLIN. Germany, Sept. 19.— The ex
cited language emnlovcd by the Vienna
and Berlin semi-official newspapers in
discussing the Turkisn policy adopted by
Lord Salisbury is known to be due to the
rat-idly growing divergence of the lines of
Lord Salisbury's proposal and that of
Count Goluchowski, tbe Austrian Minister
of Foreign Affairs, as to how to deal with
the 8 ltan. Prince Hobeniohe, the Ger
man Imperial Chancellor, who has now
gone to hiH estate at Altau*Bee in Syria for
a season of chamois hunting, has contin
ued to play second fiddle to Count G"lu
c owski since that »tatesmnn took the in
itiative upon the Eastern question. To
tbe Berlin Government the question re
mains viewad as affecting the Dreibnnd
chiefly.
The semi-official press here naturally
follow the lead of Vienna semi-official or
gans, but it is difficult in the extreme to
ascertain what Count Goluchowstki's views
are beyond, for the present at least, up
holding the Sultan and maintaining the
states q:>-> la Turkey generally.
Amid the newspaper invectives which
have been hurled against England not a
single suggestion of reform* on the part
of the Porte has appeared. Au«trta ob
viously fears that the action ol E tgl: nd
wilt drive the Sultan to cl3im tl.e protec
tion of Ru-f ia. involving the sudden ap
pearance of Russian troops at Constanti
nople and Ru sian warships in the Dar
dinel.es
0 itsidc of the semi- fficial press the
consensus oi opinion is that tbe Bultan
must be. deposed before the recurring dis
orders in Constantinople and elsewhere in
tbe Turkish empire shall case, bit the
opinion in Foreign Otlii-e circles nere is
that time ruust be allowed in which to
enab c the powers to arrange ior tbe selec
tion and enthronement of his successor.
Tbe Vienne Neve Frie Preiae ritrntly
argues that lie Sulai is unaer tbe pro
tection of Russia, and that if E inland
suouid s^ek to force thar monarch s de
i osilion she would very qm. kly nnd that
she would have to face R .s-ia for her
temerity.
To-»iay's is-ue of tbe Neve Frie Press^
contain- the report >f an interv;-w w.th
auAusl.ian >ta;e-man, wherein he >a\ f
thai E iropeaneiiteu c in regar I ioTnrkej T
no lo ger exist*, hut t:as be>-n replaced by
a Russian-Au-<tnan enieive, the object of
winch is to miiinuin the st.itus quo and
maintain Bali an Aimu. Hamid in ix we ,
as, if a new Suiian sbou.d be placed upon
the throne by the powers, he wmil n. t
have the i>resti<e ar^l autno iiy of t.e
pre-eni occuj ant of the Ottoman throne,
and this ta c of affa.r- wuuid cause a
genera rebellion against the new Caliph's
Government.
The inspection of the Turkish forts in
the Da da elles by the Russian General
lcnikai) lieff, commander ol the distr.ct
ol Odessa, is very significant of the Bui
tan 's reliance upon Russia.
General Tchikatcn^ff's mission to Con-
Btautinopl* and the D irlaneiles forts oc
curred early in July l..st, but.the fact has
jut leaked out. It «»>; ears 'that m Rus-
wa^hip passed a fortnight in tue
Dardaneilex, during whi.-b a group of
RuMsian officers were engaged in i:isp ci
ing the fort?< and assisting the Turkish
offi ers in torne-io experiments. Since the
return of Tchik?!tciieff to Odessa it is be
lieved that -.var materials may be sup
plied to tne Dardanelles forts from Kus
>lß« CommetHin upon this aff...r he
Vienn.i Neve Frie Pr as -ays: The Eni;
li.«h Foreign Ottic must be blind if itiaiis
to understand li meafttog of this.
Hnmtn't Conareia Open* at H»rH ..
BERLIN, Germany, S^pu 19.— A largely
attended international congress on
woman's work nrens here to-morrow.
D -legate!" are here from England and all
the European countries, while tbe Ameri
can branch of the Woman's International
P-*c- League i«« "epre'eited ov Mrs. Mary [
F. Ormsbv of W'lshineton,". president of I
that ranc - >. and M-». Lice ; Gree le»c-i, I
who -:•» r lajed to Mrs. Stevenson, wile of j
the Vice-Pfesident.
SIMPLY A WINDY AGITATION.
I hreat*ned Internet' onal Strike of Sen-
itfn (tul-i a M -h.
LONDON. E?fO., Sept. 19 —The preat
jin ernatioi aJ strike arranged by Tom
Mann, Btu Tiilet and other hibor agi
laior- is, accor.iing ;o Mann, to be^in
i about O-tober 1. Since ;he siriKe wa-.
first <pok»-n of the •eaders oi the move
ment have continued to <?et additional
; no'oriety bnt srant money. The Inter
| national Federation oi D^.ck, Snip and
' River Workers, whifh they d»cl'ire to
: bave be»n io rued and read? to engiige in
j a !i e-and-deatl» stru^ule with the em
' pi i vers, i-j a m me an.! nottiinjr m >re.
\V:n'n Tom Munn speak« of a n>i : lion
| :>nd a ha Of men organizing in Ha -
I bur^, Antwerp, Rrttt-rdaiii and Bremen
I and in sympathetic union wr.h ihe din-k
j laborers (it America lie romances. Tbis
| international federation m.ty be a rand
idea, bu U fail- to irive the ni**>tiTS of the
British Shippiiit: Fede;a;ion the -niaUst
ii' rill. Tbe dock-T- are worse off than
evert ey were, but he public r» tusen to
I be wise I ao they were durine the strike
when Cnritinal Mannins, tbe Archbishop
O! Cant ibtiry and other d'Knuares inier-
I ve'ie<i to j?et the dockers ih-ir delutove
' sixpence. The .ock companies and the
I > hip-owners arequiie prepared lor a big
j a riKe. But let \ne ugitators say what
they may it will n;>t o=cur.
FREAKS Of THE WEATHER.
Killing fr-'Mt* '. Itep-rt-d - From Many
P co' {» th- XorthtP**t.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Sect 19— The
Weutht-r Bureau furmsnes the folluwin/;
3peci«l bulletin in the pape s: A dt-cided
fall of. 20 to.2sdeg. iir »he past twenty
four hours has giv?n the lowest temper*
atures ever reported in . this decade in the
upper Missouri Valley and at Duiuth. A
temperature of 22 deu. is reported at
B raiarek and "J4 deg. at Huron.
Killing fronts are reported this morning
at \i iles City, Morebead, Huron and Valen
tine; heavy frosts at North Pl.itte and
D-iluth, anl light frosts at St. Paul and
Dcs Moines.
It is ;>o*sibl? that on Sunday morning
t hi-* cool wave will g ye killing iro*ts as
now, if not a 'ower te:n- erature than b^
fors noted, ia Lower Michigan, Indiana,
Illin is, Missouri. Oklahoma and Indian
Turrit" rv, ulthough the presedt tecapc-ra
ure is quite high.
GERMAN CATHOLIC CONFERENTION.
Detroit Will H* in the Hands of the
]>rlrgatr» 1 hit Week
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 19— German
Caitio ir? to a total of over 1 00 will take
possession of tbis city next we< kon Ihß
orca-inti <>f the ennual conventions of the
Germ sin Catnolic ( entrnl Association of
tne Dnitnil States, the Pn«-sts' Associa
ti,on, iht YoOßg Men's National Catholic
Union and ih Nutional German Catholic
Con res*. A large number of deleg;t;es
arrived restenlny .mil to-day. To-m -tv w
tbe visitors will attend the celebration of
ponrfiVai high mass at St. J.-eph's
Cburcb. ami in the afternoon there will be
a srrauQ parade throafth tae principal
streets oi tbe city.
t>VVi;itblG>> GRAND LOI'GE.
Bepreimtatlve Odd . /-e'lotct Are Pour
ing .Into Dalle*, T-x.
DALLAS, Tax., Sept. 19.— The seventy
second at.na.ii session of the Sovereign
Grand Lodge of the Independent Orilerol
Old Fe.luw*, which convenes in this city
\ on Monday, prorates to &<• the largest an i
mo.'t notable gathering of any kind ever
assembled in tne South. Dei -nates are
already,' arrivinc in lar^e numbers, and by
to-morrow night every State in the Union,
the Canadian provinces and other parts of
North America, will De reprej-ented. Head
quarters of the Sovereign Granu L< -d^e
were opent-d 'this morning at the Oriental
Hotel, and Colonel- Stillweil H. Kusseil,
i chairman of the executive committee, and
Grand State Secretary George 0. Fahm,
were on hand to receive the early arrivals.
On tbe basis of the hotel accommoda
tions and railroad contrarts, it is esti
mated that anywhere trora 12,000 to 20,000
strancers will be here during the week of
the session. Five veterans who aai in the
Grand Lud^-e with Judge Wildey, one of tbe
founders of the order will al*o be here. In
connection wi:h the meeting of the Grand
Lo.-.ge there will be held t c annual con
ventions of tbe Odd bellows Underwriters,
the editors of ira.ernal publications and of
Grand Lodge secretaries.
National Bank of Troy Su»pendt.
TROY, N. V., Sept. 19.— The National
Baxk of Troy, formerly the First National
Bank of tliis city, close! its doors this
murning because ol a run on tbe bank. It
is now in charge of United States Bank
Commissioner Graham. The bank's offi
cers say that it will be able to pay de
i osito.-^ in full and from 75 to 90 cents on
the uollar to stoiKbo.ders. Its capital it
$00,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
MAKE A
NEW MAN
OF YOU.
MEN SUFFERING FROM KXCESSES AND
dissipations or men with jaded brains and
n-rves restored to health and the enjoyment of
life by
DR. BROWN-SEQUARD*S
VITALIZING TABLETS.
Vital forces r- ne-x* d. A quick and certain core
for nervous dPbllit , lark of energy, premature
weakness. Los of memory lost powerj. s:eeple«iv
ne a, fear of fa! are, d<-sire o !>• fUon -, gloomy and
sad feeli gs Hud weaknesses peculiar to men.
$1 00 boxes, $1; 3 for $ a 50 by mall postpaid.
i*i"i»* PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
ROOT'S CUT ROE URUU STORE,
: Six v h nd HoA/ai-d Stop s.
Onr 28-psgecntrrate price Us on Drugs, Patent
Me ii In**, i«ubb«r >;ooas and Toilet Articles, etc-
-1 sent free to any address.
34
FOR SOUND MONEY
AND PROTECTION
Ten Thousand Voters Call
at Canton and Cheer
McKinley.
RAILROADERS IN LINE.
From Chicago They Journey to
the Home of the Next
President
RECEIVE A EOYAL WELCOME.
The Major Tells Why Men of All
Classes J un the Battle Against
Repudiation.
CANTON, Ohio. Sept. 19.— AH day long
the tramp of visiting delegations was
heard in Canton, and all day long Major
McKinley was able to say, "How beauti
iul upon the mountains are the ieet of
him that bringeth eood tidings,' 1 for 10,000
■voters called to greet him and to cheer
him and to promise him tneir support.
The greatest delegation o» the day and
of the campaign was that of the railway
men. There were nearly 5000 in the dele
gation. They came on ten special trains
and traveled all night in common day
coachts in order to see Major McKinley.
They were all workingmen — railway em
ployes — and there were no officials among
them. They marched up the streets in
splendid order, with their own bands. It
was a stirring labor demonstration and
the spectators on the streets were liberal
in demonstrations of delight Major Mc-
Kiniey was impressed with the great out
pouring of Chicago railway employes, and
he made them a long speech notwith
standing the iact that he bad to stand in
the rain to do it. With the railway men
was a fine delegation of commercial teleg
raphers,, nearly 200 in number. M. J.
Burice was their spokesman.
J. W. Dodge spoka for the railway men.
In response to these warmly applauded
addresses, Major McKinley said:
My fellow-citizens: It would be a hard
heart, indeed, which would not be moved by
this splendid demonstration. Ibid you each
end every one of you a sincere welcome to my
home. I count it among ihe greatest, honors
ot my life to have 5000 representative men of
the creat railroad lines of the country center
in? in Chicago come to this city to give me
their assurances that in the year 1896 they
stand by protection, reciprocity and sound
money. [Great applause.] These delegations,
coming long distances, present a remarkable
phase in our political life and evidence the
deep solicitude they have fcr the welfare of
our country. Such a demonstration as this
would not be possible if the people of the
country were not profoundly sensible of the
dangerous menace which is presented in the
National contest of this year. [Applause and
cries of "We are all interested."]
You are here to-day, men of all parties and
creeds, because you want to defeat the effort
which is now being assiduously made to de
stroy the credit and currency of the country
and al6o because loving law and order you
want to stamp out the spirit of lawlessness and
repudiation which now threaten it. [Applause
and cries of "That's what we will do."]
Your active interest in this contest for good
government, good morals and good money will
be helpful in every part of the country and in
spiring to Ihe friends of good government
everywhere. The railway is the mißhtiest fac
tor of modern civilization. If one proof above
any other be asked for the superiority of the
United States above any other country of
equal or approaching territory, I know of no
better eviaence than the fact that of the
4127,000 miles of railroad in the world we have
nearly 200,000 miles in this great Republic.
[Applause and cries of "Good."]
To trace their history during the past
twenty years would be to write the progress of
the country itself, 60 intimately are they
associated. To say they have cost $9,000,
-000,000, employ 1,000,000 men, with 30,000
locomotives, 27,000 passenger cars and over
1,100,000 other cars; that their capital stock
is $4,640,000,000, with funded debts of
$4.800.000.000, yeariy traffic earnings of
$1,000,000,000, net earnings of $3 18,000,000
and dividends of $84,000,000 annually, con
veys but a faint idea 01 how fully they enter
into every line of business and affect directly
or indirectly the great masses of our people.
Not only are lives constantly in their keeping,
but every year they become more and more
essential to our subsistence, convenience and
comfort. [Applause.]
Tie greatest tribute which can be paid to
the railroad men of the country is that high
degree of care and attention and skill which
they give to the service, perfecting the most
delicate and responsible duties engaged In a
business in which life and property are in
volved, where heedlessness or carelessness
will sacrifice either or both; and yet the per
centage of loss is merely nominal In both
case;-. Not only is skill and endurance re
quired in their exacting duties, but the great
est watchfulness aud fidelity, more often the
keenest intelligence to think and act instantly
under circumstances the most perilous and
trying. [Applause and cries of "That's right,
Major."]
I have said that railroad men are cool and
collected, brave and vigilant in the discbarge
of their duties. [Great applause andcriesof
"Hurrah for McKinley."] And surely greater
praife could not be given them than this.
•'Failhful unto death" has been truly written
of many a brave engineer, conductor or brake
wan who perished rather than abandon his
train when thm was possible, at the expers«e
of others. [Great applause and cries of "That's
right."]
Bo worthy are these devoted servants of the
people, bo watchful, that railroad accidents
are said by competent authority to be neither
as frequent nor as fatal as other modes of trans
portation. Your spokesman has justly ob
served lhat no body of Americans have greater
interests at stake in the pending political cam
paign thun the railroad men, who are every
where taking tbe liveliest interest in the proper
settlement of the great principles Involved in
It. [Applause.] The triumph of free silver
would mean to you, as the adoption by Mexico
has meant to the railway employes of tiiat
country, a decrease in the purchasing power of
tbe money in which they aro paid fully one
half, with comparatively no increase in wages.
[Cries of "We don't want it and we will not
have it"] Not only that, but It would mean
inevitably decreased employment and distress.
The 50-cent-dollar employes of the railroads
will no more add to y<> ur salaries than the rail
roads wouid add to their income by decreasing
the sire of their cars. [Great cheering.]
The railway men are deeply interested in
the prosperity of the country. [Cries of "You
bet we are."] They know from experience
that when the country is prosperous railroads
are prosperous [cries of "Yes, we do"] aud
When railroads are prosoerous they have
steady work and remunerative employment.
[Applause]
They know when the business of the coun
try is poor the business of railroads is poor
aud the employes suffer both in time and pay.
[Cries of "That' 6 right, major."] Tney are
Interested, too. in good money [cheers] aud
they are in favor of law and order. [Great
applause and cries of "Yes, yes; hurrah for
McKlnley."] They warn to perpetuate our
free institutions for their children, forever
and foreveriDore. [Tremendous cheering.]
They are zealous, like all stood citizens, for the
honor of the country [cries of "We are"] and
they mean to maintain unsullied the proud
name of America. [Great cheering.]
They do not believe in either public or pri
vate dishonesty. [Aplause and cries of "No,
no."] They want the Government to pay its
debss in the best currency known to the com
mercial world. [Applause and cries of "That's
right."] And they want the railways to pay
tiiem in the best currency of the world. [Great
cheering and cries of "Hurrah for McKmley."]
Currency that will not be questioned and that
will page current everywhere on its face value
without discount or depreciation. [Renewed
cheering and cries of "That's what we want."]
I cannot conceive of a more potential force
in our politics this year than the men who trav
erse this country lrom one end of it to the
other, and to feel that a large percentage of
that force is enlisted in theKepublicancau.se
and is fighting for the success of the Republi
can principles is an assurance of victory which
will gladden every patriotic heart. [Great ap
plause.]
You are always solicitous for the trains in
your charge; you guard them with sleepless
activity from wrecks and wreckers, and as
citizens of this glorious republic you are
deeply concerned in its progress and nonor,
and will guard with equal oare from wreck the
credit and currency and courts of the United
States. [Great applause and cries of "We
will.' ] The signals of danger to public safety
and honor are as quickly, as faithfully heeded
by you as are the danger signals the roads
have established for the safety of life and
property committed to your care. [Cheering.]
The perils which lie along the path of the Na
tion's progress you would heip to remove as
you would remove tnose along the track of the
mighty railroads you operate. I welcome the
railroad employes of this country as allies in
the great contest for the country's honor and
the country's flag. [Applause.]
The contest this year, my countrymen, if it
results in a victory for the Republican party
will not be a mere party victory, but a victory
deeper and broader and more significant than
that, for it will represent the votes of men of
all parties, who unite with the Republican
party in the patriotic purpose to preserve the
honor of the country. [Applause and cries of
"You are right."]
With the many delegations that are visiting
me to-day, the one crowding the other, I am
sure you will excuse me from talking at
greater length, as I would be glad to do to this
splendid audience of earnest and patriotic
men. I thank yon, one and all, for this visit.
It has been an inspiration to me, and I believe
that it will be of invaluable servica to the
cause in which we are all engaged. [Great
applause.]
And now, Mr. Burke and gentlemen of the
Telegraphers' Association of Chicago, I am
glad to greet you here with the railroad em
ployes, who have honored me with the;r
presence. [Applause.] Perhaps none of us ap
preciate tne degree of universal acceptance
that the telegraph has obtained.
I remember as a boy of reading how Morse,
the first to put the telegraph into practichl use
in the United fatates, sent his first greeting
across the wires— the significant message,
"What bath God wrought!"' Little did the
people know then what a. gift he had made to
his future countrymen and to the remotest
ages. [Applause.] When the Democratic Na
tional Convention in 1844 was in session at
Baltimore it is said the news of Mr. Poik's
nomination was instantly telegraphed to
Washington, sixty miles distant; but it found
no credence there. Men did not believe in the
accuracy of the statement and waited untii it
was vended by the newspapers or the return
ing delegates. [Laughter and applause.] Per
haps the news was surprising where a differ
ent result was so confidently expected, but it
illustrates the credulity of the times and the
lack of confidence in scientific accuracy. Con
trast this lack of faith with the story of the
old man who, it is reported, had learned to
read the ticking of the wires, waited patiently
at the telegraph office in Chicago for many
hours for news irom Washington that Lee had
surrendered.
He sprang to his feet with the happy excla
mation which proved to be his last words,
"Now 1 can die happy." [Great cheering.]
Congress gave very scant aid to the great in
• vention, and some of the old statesmen
laughed to scorn a proposition to make a small
appropriation for connecting Washington and
Baltimore by a telegraph line, saying it was
chimerical and could not be done [laughter],
and yet they lived to see 6uch lines practi
cally girdle the gloDe. American genius and
erterprise, wiser than the law-givers, was
soon extending wires everywhere, until now
I believe it is estimated that the American
lines extend for 250,000 miles, with 800,000
miles of wire, 26,000 offices and 42,000 em
ployes. Everywhere the service is efficient and
reliable [great cheering], and I congratulate
the telegraphers of Chicago and the repie
sentatives of those of the entire country on
the marvelous skill, rapidity and accuracy
with which the millions of messages almost
dai>y are handled and transmitted. [Ap
plause.]
It is gratifying, too, to find them as sensible
in politics as in business [great applause];
as quick to enhance the prosperity of the
country and as unitedly in support of the
right as they are uniformly attentive and
obliging to the public. [Great applause.]
1 thank you, my fellow-citizens, for your
call and appreciate most highly indeed your
assurances cf support, which your eloquent
spokesmen have presented to me. I wish I
could shake hands with every man in this
audience. [Cries of '-We wish you could, too,
major."] Ido not know that I can do it, but I
am glad to meet you and greet you and am
glad to know that you are enlisted in the
great cause as against public repudiation.
[Tremendous cheering.]
The delegations" from Button and Mer
cer counties were just behind the Chicago
men. As soon as they could find room
they took their places near tne stand.
There were 1700 in the two delegations.
Major McKinley said to them:
My Fellow-fitizens: I appreciate the message
which comes from the farmers, from the work
insmen of those two counties, and from ray
feilow -citizens generally, and I thank them all
from the bottom of my heart for their warm
tender of assurance of fidelity to the Republi
can cause and to the Republican party. [Cries
of "Hurrah for McKinley."]
What we want in this country, first and fore
most, is work for the American workmgmen.
[Applause.] And lam one of those who be
lieve in the doctrine of protecting American
factories against foreign factories. [Cries of
"Good."] What we want Is a chance to work,
and when we have wages the home market is
improved for the larmer. We want honest
American dollars. [Criei of "That's right."]
You must vote lor the party that you be
lieve is more likely to give you the best chance
for work and the best coin in payment, and
you must judge for yourself which party that
is. [A voice: "We already know."] I thank
you lor this call and wish I could talk longer,
but must bid you all good-by. [Continued ap
plause.]
A delegation of Pittsburg and vVestern
Railroad men from Pittsburg, Pa., were
the next callers, and Major McKinley ad
dressed them briefly.
At 3 o'clock the commercial travelprs of
Cincinnati called. Mayor John A. Cald
well accompanied them. They brought
the Fir.n Regiment band of the Ohio Na
tional Guanl. Levi C. Goodale was spokes
man. Major McKinley was most heartily
cheered when ue mounted the stand. He
said:
Mr. Chairman and Gentlemen of the Com
mercial Travelers' Association of Cincinnati:
It gives me great pleasure to welcome you
here to Canton and to my home, a pleasure en
hanced by my acquaintance with many of you
personally.
If to the six great States, including Minnesota,
which originally were comprised in the old
Northwest Territory, of which Cincinnati was
tne capital, you add the rapidly growing Sutes
beyond the Mississippi and east of the Rocky
Mountains and those to the south of the Ohio
and between It and the Gulf, and contrast
their present population and importance
with what is was in 1860 or 1870, even the
most cursory examination will ba full of in
terest, and suggest possibilities for the future
of the most amazing character.
In these nineteen Siates and two Territories
is a greater population to-day, and more than
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
half as much wealth as in the whole country
in 1800, a population approximating 38,000,
-000 in 1890, a gain since 1870 of piactically
100 per cent and property of the assessed valua
tion of nearly $10,000,000,000.
This was the achievement of twenty years,
this creation of a new nation within the old,
greater than the parent itself under the wise
lews enacted and enforced, and under the
policy marked out by the great Republican
party.
In these twenty years the protective policy
was steadily pursued, and our present gold
standard of values was the basis of all the
money issued, whether gold, silver or paper.
Yet there are those who insist upon
declaring that this excellent monetary
system, and that the dollar^ we now have in
circulation, -every one of which has been
worth 100 cents in gold every minute of every
hour of every day since January 1, 1879, is
impoverishing the West and bankrupting all
Its peope. [Applause.]
The Mississippi Valley is surely part of the
West, and the marvelons growth told by the
census figures, the official authority, proves
the falsity and absurdity of their statements.
The new promising States of North and
South Dakota, Kansas, Nebraska and Minne
sota are certainly younst giants of the West,
and their growth in population from 1,940,000
in 1870 to 4,290,000 in 1890, and wealth ofsl,
-825,000,000 demonstrates to fair-minded men
that however much they have suffered by
drouths and poor crops, they are still reason
ably vigorous [laughter] and in no very great
danger of being abandoned or bankrupted.
[Applause.]
All have made remarkable progress; all
have gained immensely in both people and
wealth, the older States not nearly so rapidly
as the newer, but all going anead at a steady
and healthy pace, and all the time they have
been making this progress we have been under
a protective tariff and upon a sound money
gold basts.
Xhe great trouble in this country is that we
have not enough to do lor our people. [Ap
plause.] We had every man employed in this
country in 1892 at the Lest wages that had
ever been paid to any workingmen in the
world. What is ihe matter now? It is lack of
confidence.
What we want in this country, in the first
instance, is a restoration of confidence, and
the only way to have confidence in the Gov
ernment and among the people is fir the Gov
ernmeat to hnvo a revenue policy thst will
supply enough money to pay its expenses.
[Applause.]
You cannot create confidence among the
people if you have no confidence in the public
treasury. Our dollars now are all full aud
sound and all we want is an opportunity to
earn them. How can this be secured? [A
voice: *'E:ect McKinley."]
"VWMI, I do no 1 know what you may think
about it, but I believe the best way to restore
prosperity to the people of the United State*
is to do ail our work at home at the Ame riran
scale of wages and on the basis 01 American
institutions and ideals, fully recognizing the
necewityof a free, enlightened and dignified
citizenship. [Applause]
Following ciosely upon the commercial
travelers came a delegation of 1500 ironi
Pittsburg and vicinity, also commercial
travelers. Major McKinley addressed
them briefly on lines similar to his recent
speeches to delegations of that character,
and at 4:30 came a sprightly delegation of
Hungarian-Americans' from Cleveland.
Their spokesman, J. C. Bloch, made a
long address to Major McKinley, who had
been standing in the chill air on an ex
posed platform occupied with the various
delegations. M?jor McKinley made a
neat response.
Then came a delegation of Cleveland
hardware men, numbering several hun
dred, whom the Republican candidate ad
dressed in a happy vein.
Major McKinley also spoke to a delega
tion from Oakmont and Verona, Pa., and
a big delegation of steel-workers from tbe
Carnegie mills, Pittsburg.
CANDIDATE ROBERT TALKS.
Or«e>(f at Headquarters by a Delega
tion of Commercial Travelers.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 19— There
were many callers this morning at Repub
lican National Headquarters. Senator
Quay and Chuirman J. H. Manley of
Maine were also early on hand. It was
sad that Senator Quay intends to have a
meeting of ihe executive committee to
adopt a plan of campaign in regard to the
Southern States, and also to decide upon
some definite plan in regard to all doubt
ful States.
It has been represented to the commit
tee that there is an excellent chance of
canying Alabama for McKinley and
Hobart and a decided effort will be made
to carry that State. Encourag.ng reports
are also coming in from Florida, North
Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia.
A delegation of commercial travelers
calied on Vice-Presidential candidate
Hobart to-day at headquarters. The dele
gation was accompanied by his special
guest, the Hon. Charles E. Warwick of
Philadelphia. Mr. Hobart thanked them
for their kindness and told them that he
knew the commercial travelers were a set
of men who would not be bunkoed by any
Chicago platform. Mr. Hobart said in
his address:
lam very glad to meet you, gentlemen. I
do not propose to make a speech this morning,
but I would do an injustice to myself and
would be ungracious to your kindness if I did
not thank you heartily and generously for the
beautiful words of welcome and cheer which
you have professed. I know that this enthu
siasm is born of your love and your loyalty for
the ticket which I have tha honor to repre
sent.
When I think of the commercial travelers, 1
think of them as a class of men who have
never been "bunkoed," or If any one of them
ever bag been, history has failed to record it.
And so, whenever, since the nomination, I
have thought of the commercial travelers at
an independent class of citizens, I have re
garded them as a class of men who I know
will not be bunkoed by any piatform like the
Chicago platform, embracing as it does false
political doctrines and policies inimical to the
honor and the integrity of the Nation and
favoring a debased and dishonest dollar. Your
organization has been a great help to this
committee in a great many ways, all of which
we fully appreciate and are quick to recognize.
Your membership reaches all over this wide
and growing country, and mere is from each
of you a continual stream of influence radiat
ing wherever you go. And the reason why
your organization is so all-powerful and at the
same time so satisfactory to the committee is
that, whereas the time of the committee is
taken up with instructions to voters, we
realize that the commercial travelers are ac
customcl to make sentiment wherever they
go, aud they know as well as the National
Committee where to go, what to do and how
to do the important worV laid out ior this
campaign.
There was great cheering as Mr. Hobart
concluded. Then the members of the
delegation were personally introduced to
Candidate Hobart. Senator Quay, Chair
man Munley, General Osborne and Com
mitteeman Bcott. Chairman Manley was
cheered by the delegation.
WORK NEEDED IN THE WEST.
But the Republican Party Organization
It in Sighting Trim.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 19.— Chairman
Hanna left for Cleveland to-ni^ht, and,
after spending Sunday at home, he will
go to New York for ten duys. He has
been in Chicago longer this time than on
any other occasion since lie organized the
Western headquarters, and he has been
constantly at work at his deslr. He ad
mits that hard worK is needed in the
Webt to win, and when he returns he will
devote all his time nntil the close of the
campaign to thin center of the political
battle. He said before leaving that h« -was
better satisfied with the Western situation
than when he came here. The party
organization from the Ohio to the Mis
souri River was not only in splendid right
ing form, but it had accomplished more
in the way of direct and tangible results
thau ever he or his associates nad antici
pated. During the last two weeks there
had been a gradual brightening of the
political horizon.
He was satisfied that Mr. McKinley
wouid not only carry the great central
States oi the West by handsome majori
ties but that he would probably win other
States whose electoral vote is now confi
dently claimed by the Dernocr;vt<.
Henry C. Payne wHI apaiu take charge
of headquarters in Mr. Raima's absence,
and will devote all his time to the trans
action of business here. He left last night
fur his home in Milwaukee to return Mon
day morning.
Ttr>tnn amt Watson Elector*.
TOPEKA, Kass., Sept. 19.— A middle
of-the-road Populist State Convention was
to have been held here to-day for ttie pur
pose of placing Bryan and Watson elec
tors in tbe field, but it was called off by a
telegram received by John P. Willits. the
National lecturer for the old Farmers' Al
liance and thy representative of Mr. Wat
son in Kansas. The v co-presidential
nominee sent ttie telegram and gave in
structions for an electoral ticket to be
placed on the ballot by petition under the
Australian law. It wa» feared the fusion
Populists would get control of the conven
tion and the petition oian was adopted to
make sure of separate electors.
Riot at a Sleeting.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 19.— At Cen
trai Armory to-night, Terence V. Pow
derfy addressed a Republican meeting.
Perfect pandemonium broke loose when
the chairman was introduced, and it was
almost impossible for him to proceed with
the meetine. A serious riot seemed im
minent. The police were summoned and
seven arrests were made.
SAN JOSE CONFESSION.
Harvey Al/ender'a Story of the Murder of
Venanz Crosetti and Miss
Feilner.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 19.— Harvey Al
lender, who was yesterday convicted of
murder in the first degree, and upon
whom the sentence of death will be passed
next Friday, this morning told his story
of the killing of Miss Wa.'burga Feilner
and Venang Crosetti on Sunday afternoon,
August 9. Allender complains that he
was not accorded a fair trial. He says
his case was 'railroaded" through, and
that most of the testimony was perjured.
The condemned man seems resigned to
his fate and is not worrying over his con
viction.
After denouncing Fred Schiele, who
lie says was the cause of tbe row between
himself and Crosetti, Jamison, Jepson,
Barker and Miss Lawler, all witnesses for
the vrosecuikm, he told of his meeting
Miss Feilner anrt the shooting.
"I first met Miss Feilner at Kenney's
dancing-school in the Pbelan block," said
he. "After we had been acquainted about
six months, and had danced much to
gether, she told me sh« loved me. She
said she took a liking to me tha first time
she saw me. She said she had intended to
go away, but having met me she wouid re
main.
"After we got going together we had
several scats. I don't want to talk about
the girl now, but she used to tell me so
many lies about everything and that
raused our trouble. Never in my life did
I insult her or any other lady, and I know
hundreds of them in San Jose. The girl
was always fooling me, making appoint
ments and then placing me in a ridiculous
iisrht. Tbe night of the celebration of the
Fall of the B:istile last year I met her at a
party. She then asked me to see her the
next Saturday night at First and Fernando
streets. I met her there and she imme
diately got Night Watchman Blanchard
and. pointing me out, said: 'There he 19.'
"At the time I first met the girl 1 was a
different man than lam now. She kept
me in that frame of mind that has worn
me down to tbe sickly man I am • Nervous
ness won't allow me to stand stiil a min
ute. That girl wrecked me, but I don't
want to say anything about her now."
Regarding the double murder he said
that when he met Crosetti and Miss
Feilner, Crosetti starred toward him and
made a movement as though to draw a
revolver. Then he drew and fired at
Crosetti, but missed him and killed the
girl. Crosetti pounced upon Allender and
was killed.
MISS 3IACKI.\\O\ RETAILED.
Will Continue at Preceptress of the San
Jo*e Xortnal School.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 19.— A special
session of the State Normal School Trus
tees was held to-day, President Henry
French in the chair. All the board were
present, including Henry French, Mrs. E.
A. Wilson, Fiank Angell, M. Dinkelspie!,
R, E. Wilboit, Governor Budd and State
Superintendent Samuel T. Black, Miss
Elizabeth Blaisdell secretary.
The meeting was called for the purpose
of deciding whether Mus Elizabeth Mac
kinnon should be retired as preceptress of
the school, she having refused to retain
her position owing to tbe salary beine cut
from $1800 to $1400 per year. At a meet
ing 01 the executive committee the resig
nation had been accepted, but Governor
Budd produced an opinion of Attorney-
General Fitzgerald, showing that me ac
tion of the committee was void. The
board fixed Miss Mackinnon's salary at
$150 per montn, to date from August 27,
which makes it the same as before.
SAN RAFAEL PAPER CHASE.
Jloundi Reach tho i nd of the Course
Ahead of the Rare*.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal., Sept. 19.-In the
paper chase to-day from_Hotel Rafael the
hounds turned the tables on the hares and
came in two minutes ahead of them. The
course taken was very mountainous. The
hares were Miss Warburton and J. B.
Schroeder; the hounds, Frank Glass,
Frank Johnson Sr., Frank Johnson Jr.,
Dr. Howitt, Mr?. V. Neale, William
O'Connor. Robert Foster, J. Parkins, C. C.
Evans. Miss tchroeder, Mrs. J. B. Schroe
r'.er, S. H. Boardman, Consul Artsimo
vitch, Purcell Jones, Miss Eleanor Mor
row, Dr. Crosby. The first lady's prize
was won by Mrs. V. Neale; first gentle
man's, by William O'Connor Parker.
Huralary at ban Rafael.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 19.— Burglars
entered the California Hotel last night.
Fifty dollars was taken from A. Bore, the
proprietor, and $20 from J. Bain, a lodger.
This morning Constable Gannon arrested
two tramps in the neighborhood on suspi
cion and placed them in jail.
Sautalito'a Pool-SelUra.
SAUBALITO, Cal., Sept. 19.— A venire
for fifty talesmen was issued by Judge
Pryor to-day for the case of William Jnck
man, charged with pool-selling. The
trial is set for Monday morning. This is
Jackman's second offense. He was once
convicted aad fined $100 by Judge Pryor.
ltaln i-aIU at Tallrjo.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 19,-Uain fell
steadily to-day, and the farmers are feel
ing "blue." Many in this vicinity have
not had their grajn thrashed, and will
lose considerable, especially if the sun
comes out hot and ourns it.
Uedtrond CUy Ontnage Suit Decided.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sect. 19.— One
night last January William Flynn came
in contact with a live wire of the local in
candescent plant and had his hand badly
injured. He brought suit against the
2^}]?'°J the Plant. J. George Gardner, for
?IO,OUO damages. A jury to-day gave him
a verdict for $1250.
BRYAN SPEAKS AT
FREDERICKSBURG
Elcquent Tribute to the
Memory of Washing
ton's Mother.
WAR SCENES RECALLED.
Tragic Events of the Past Con
nected With Vital Issues
of To-Day.
PATHOS AND HUMOR BLENDED.
Story of the Father of His Country
aad a Silver Dollar That
Evokes Applause.
FREDERICKSBURG, Va., Bept. 19.—
Up at dawn and uff for Washington at 7
o'clock was the way Bryan began his pro
gramme for to-day. He arrived here at 9
o'clock, delivered a Bueech at 11 o'clock
and left for Washington at 1:49 p. M. Ash
land, the seat of the Ranclolph-Macon
College, had Bryan for two minutes, and
most of those who heard him there were
students. To them he said :
I believe this county claims the honor of
being the birthplace of two of America's great
est men. Henry Clay was born in this county,
as was also Patrick Henry. I believe the pol
icy for which I stand in this campaign in
some respects revives the memory of botn
men. Henry Clay in 1845 described the effects
of contracting the currency, aud Patrick
Henry was in favor of an American policy.
At 11 o'clock Bryan was taken to tbe
monument erected to the memory of Mary
Washington, mother of George Washing
ton, who lived here with her distinguished
son for many years. Here a stand had
been erected and the candidate addressed
a large gathering oi Virginians. Con
gressman Jones introduced Mr. Bryan,
who said:
Ladies and Gentlemen : lam grateiul to the
Mayor of your city for his eloquent words of
welcome. I am glad to renew my acquaint
ance with my colleague in Congress who has
so kindly presented me, and I am pleased to
greet the psople who have assembled in such
large numbers upon this occasion.
Fredericks burg is not a large city, and yet it
is rich in incidents of great historic valtte.
Here the women of America have reared a
monument to Mary, tbe mother of George
■Washington. [Great applause.] lam glad to
stand on this spot and I am giad to feel the in
fluences which surround her grave. In a
campaign, especially In a campaign I'ko this,
there is bitterness and sometimes abuse lev
eled against the candidates ior pub.ic office,
but, my friends, there is one character — the
mother, the candidate for the affections of all
mptikiud— agnin.-t whom no true man ever
uttered a word of abuse. [Great applause]
And there is one rame — -'mother" — which is
never found upon the tongue of the slanderer.
In her presence all criticism is silent. The
painter has with his brush transferred the
landscape to the canvas, so that you can al
most believe that the trees and grasses are real
rather thnn imitations.
Thd painter has even transferred to the
canvas the face of the maiden until its beauty
and purity almost speak forth, but there is
one picture which no painter has ever been
able to faithfully portray, and that Is a
picture of a mother holding in her arms her
babe. [Great applause.] Within the shadow
of this monument, reared to her who in her
love and loyalty was the mother of each one of
us, I bow in humble reverence to motherhood.
[Great applause.]
1 am told that in this county were fought
more battles than in any county of like size in
the world, and that upon the earth within the
limits of this county there fell more dead and
wounded than ever fell on a similar space in
the history of the world. Here opposing lines
were drawn up face to face; here opposing
armies met and stared at each other and then
sought to take each other's lives.
But all those scenes have passed away, and
those who met in deadly array now meet and
commingle here as friends. Here the plow-
Bhare has been made out of the sword, and the
spears have beeu converted into Druning
hooks, and people learn war no more. Here
the bands on either side stir up the flagging
zeal with notes that thrill the hearts of men.
These two bands are to-morrow component
parts of one greet band, and as that band
marches on in the lead, playing "Yankee
Dood:e," and "Dixie," too [Great applause],
behind the band follow the war-scarred veter
ans who wore the blue and the war-scarred
veterans who wore the gray, each vying with
each other in the effort to make this the great
est and grandest Nation on God's footstool.
[Great cheering.]
lam glnd to visit this historic place. They
say that here George Washington once came
ami threw a silver dollar aiross the river; but
remember, my friends, that when he thraw
that silver dollar across the river it lit — it fell
and remained on American soil. [Great cheer
ing.] They thought that it was a great feat
then, but we have developed so rapialy in the
last hundred years that we have financiers
now who can leave George Washington's
achievement far behind. We have financiers
who have been able to throw gold dollars all
the way pcross the Atlantic and then bring
tbjem back by an issue of bonds. [Great cheer
ine.]
D<> you believe, my friends, that a silver dol
lar which was good enough to be handled by
the Father of his Country, is now so mean a
thing as to excite the contempt of many of our
so-called financiers ? [No, no.] Well, it is; it
is so mean that they don't lite it. Why, our
opponents tell us that they want a dollar that
wi.l go all over the world. We have had dol
lars which have gone over the world so rapidly
that we want a dollar that will stay at home
without a curfew law. [cheers.] Our oppo
nents tells us that they want a dollar which
they can see anywhere in the world if they
travel abroad. I want a dollar that won't be
ashamed to look a farmer in the face. [Loud
applause.]
People can have just as good a dollar as they
want, because dollars are creatures of law,
end you can determine the purchasing power
of a dollar when you determine the number of
dollars. If you want dollars dear, make them
scarce end they will be dear. If our (jollars
are good enough now, when a dollar will buy
ten busiiols of oats, you can make it good
enough so that it will buy 100 bushels of oats,
f A voice: "Weaon'twant that kind of a dol
lar."] If anybody here has been raising farm
products and complaining because they are
not cheap enough, you can make them
cheaper if you vote the Republican ticket thiß
fail.
WASHINGTON, P. C, Sept. 19.— 1n
company with Mayor White and the mem*
bers of the Fredericksburg reception com
mittee and the delegation from the Dis
trict of Columbia Democracy that met
him at Mayor White s house." Mr. Bryan
was driven to the railway station of trie
old town. Several hundred people who
had gathered there cheered him as he
steDDed aboard the local tram, which left
Fredericksburg for Washington at 1:49
P. M.
Ths journey of the Democratic candi
date from Fredericksburg was without
notable incident, except at Alexandria,
seven miles from Washington. At Quan
tico a couple of hundred people cheered
Mr. Bryan"heartily. The crowd at Alex
andria numbered fully 3000 persons and
expressed enthusiasm without stint. Dur
ing the ten minutes the train remained
there Mr. Bryan made a speech punctu
ated by cheers and the reports of a can
non.
Arriving at Washington at 4:05, the
train being twenty-nve minutes late. Mr.
Bryan alighted amid the cheers of his
fellow-passeugers at the far end of the
traihshed of the Baltimore and Potomac
station. The 1500 people who were wedged
in behind the bars of the tramshed took
up tbe cheers, an i their echoes were heard
from the throats of fully 3000 people con
gregated in the streets outside. It was
only with the utmost difficulty the police
were able to keep back the enthusiastic
/^roTroTro"7ToT!roTro"oTroT^
r<nrrainnnroTTirraY^roTnnro^^
jo Yon have clear eyes. • :
Jo You have active brain.
So You have no drains.
Jo You have regular bowels.
Jo You have no nervous twitchings.
Jo You have no blueness. 1
Jo You have a clear complexion.
Jo You have good appeine.
Jo You have vim, energy.
So You are a complete man.
v When you use
£ The Great' Remedy Treatment—
g HUDYAN.
I This remedy Is made by the old doctors
)o of the Hudson Medical Institute. No
)o , one else can give you HUDYAN. No one
|o j else has HUDYAN.
jo Call or write for circulars.
Jo Nervous Debility,
So .Nervous Prostration,
G Rraln Fagr,
Jo Wasting Diseases,
Jo Spermatorrhoea,
No l.o«t Manhood,
U Cured permanently by the GREAT HUD-
U VAN. -You can see testimonials it you ;
So wish.
r» Call or write for free testi-
fy ■ monlals.
C DISEASES CF THE SI*IN.
C All Forms of »kin Disease Result .
£ 1 rom Poisons in the Blood,
C "Is your skin dry and scaly?"
|TT "Have you » shiny, oily nose?"
7° . "Do the pimples itch and burn?"
C "Is your skin sore and cracked?"
C "Does your skin itch intensely?"
lj~ "Dos your scalp itch and burn?"
C "I R your skin rough and cracked?"
£ "Does skin feel hot and swollen?"
C'-V.-V "Are your nose, lips and ears hot?"
C "Have you dandruff in your scalp?"
f~ "Do your legs feel hot and burning?"
C "Have you prickling pains in ttie sim?"
C "Have you pimples on neck and
C chest?"
C "Is face dotted with dirty little specks?"
it "'Do nose, Ups and ears itch intensely?"
C "Do crusts and scabs form on your
C skin?"
,C "Have you pimples on back of shoul-
C ders?"
C: "Are the lumps on face soro to the
C touch?"
it "Is skin alongside nose red and con-
C gested?"
C "Does skin of your face look and feel
1° oily?"
C . "Have you flat, red-looking lumps on
■U face?"
l_ "Have you yellowish pimples on your
C face?" ,v;vj
I 1 "Is there scaly, itchy eruption on eye-
CZ brows?"
C "Have you pimples on your face that
C fester?"
CZ •Have yon pimples on face with black
tops?"
C If go, you should learn about th«
U GREAT HUDYAN REMEDY-TREAT- .
U MKNT.
C, This remedy can be had only from the
C Hudson Meaical Institute.
C Call or write for
I SKIN J3OOK!
g Remember Hud van cures permanently
G NO FAILURES I
1 HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE 1
£ STOCKTON AND MARKET STREETS. 3
crowd, every man of whom and many !
women sought to reach and shake the j
hand of the candidate. Surrounded by j
the local committee and the delegation of
the Congressional committee, Mr. Bryan
was conducted to h'.s carriage and hurri- j
edly driven to the Metropolitan Hotel.
After a brief resr and luncheon, car- j
riages were acaiu taken and the party pro
ceeded to ttie old baseball park, where it
had been preceded some t>vo or three
hours by a crowd estimated at 10,000.
There Mr. Bryan repeated his usual
speech for free silver.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
Woa Lost.
Per
Cenu
Baltimore ,'..:
Cleveland; .;;.
'inclnnatl ;
Chicago. ,
Boston
Pit tabling ; ;
New yorie
Philadelphia... ....;...
Brooklyn
Washington.
:-t. Louis.
Louisville.. ...,,.'.. ...~
87 "• 86
77 45
75 49
71 56
69 56
6-1 69
til 64
60 64
65 t>9
55 69
37 89
34 89
.707
.631
.604
.6{>B
.652
.5-0
488
.48X
.443
.443
.293
.276
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 19.— St. Louis 5,7,2;
Chicagos6, 6, 4. Batteries — Breitenstein and
Murphy, Briggs and Donahue. Umpire—
Lally.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept. 19.— Clevelands
21, 22, 4; Cincinnatis 2, 7, 5. Batteries-
Young and Zimmer. Ehret and Gray. Umpire —
Sheridan (seven innings).
PITTSBURG, Pa., Sept. 19.— Pittsburg-Louis-
TlUe game postponed; rain.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Sept 19.— Brooklyns
1,4, 0; Bostons 5,4,0. Batteries— Payne and
Grim ; Nichols and Bergen. Umpirr — Ilornune
WASHINGTON", D. C, Sept. 19.—Washing
tons 8, 10, 0; New York* 1. 6, 2. Batteries-
Mercer and Farreil; Ciark and Warner. Um
pire — Lynch.
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 19. — Baltimores 7.
9,1; Philadelphias 2, 6, 0. Batteries— Nops
and Robinson; Wheeler aiidGrady. Umpires
— Claahe and Carsey.
MONTEREY BOY BURNED.
Children Saturate Each Other With Coal
Oil and Apply a Mateh — One
Will Die.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sept. 19.— Several
children who were playing in the yard of
Louis Wolter. on Franklin street, to-day
were amusing themselves throwing coal
oil upon each other by means of a tin cup
which they Kept rending from a large oil
can near by.
Finally the Walter boy, who was pretty
well soaked with the oil, complained that
he was getting the worst of it. One of the
smart youngsters informed his compan
ions that he knew how to clean it, as he
had often «een his mother set fire to oil
spilled on the floor to get rid of it.
Accordingly, a match was produced ana
lighted and placed to Master Wolter'a
trousers.
In a moment the child was a
mass of flames, and this wuuld have
been the fate of all the rest of
the children had not the mother of the
Wolter child, hearing the screams of her
boy, rushed out of the house and finally
succeeded in smothering the flames, but
not until his leg, from the foot 10' the
thigh, was terribly burned. The child's
recovery isidoubtful.
SANTA JfARJUAJn.WS IMMERSED.
A X umber of Critteti ton's Converts Bap
tized in the Ocean.
SAfITA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 19.-A
large crowd assembled upon the ocean
boulevard to-day to witness oce of the
most unique and picturesque spectacles
ever presented in Santa Barbara, when a
number of converts who acquired religion
during the recent Crittenton revival meet
ings were baptized by immersion in the
ocean by the Rev. Mr. Westenberg, pastor
of the Methodist Church. Tha service
opened with a prayer, after which the coa
CATARRH OF THE KIDNEYS AND ; -; 3
ADDER. o
Catarrh of the kidneys and bladder re- ©
stilts in two ways-first, by taking cold; oc
second, by overworking the kidneys in a
separating from the blood the poisons «*
that have been absorbed from catarrh, o
which affects all organs. r>
"Do your bands and feet swell?" «
"Is this more noticeable in.the morn- °s
ines?" ~ „„ I 11
"Are they cold and clammy? 3
"Is there' pain in small of back? "S
"Is the urine dark and cloudy? - -3
"Does a deposit form when left stand- 3
ing?"
"Is there a desire to (ret up at night?"' ' • 3
"Do you see spots floating before the °
eyes?" o
"Are the eyes dull and starine?" 3
"Is there a' lad taste in mouth?" **
"Have you pain In top of head? 3
"Is your hair gettirg gray?" a
"If so, Is it silvery white?" o
"Is the skin dry and harsh?" X)
"is the hair dry and brittle?" '3
"I«! there nausoa after eating?" _ ' 3
"Has the per«pirntion a bad odor?" 3
"Is there puffiness under the eyes?" 3
"Are there dark rings around the 3
eyes?" • : •-:. 3
"Is the skin pale ana dry?" " 3
"Has the skin a wnxy look?" 3
"Do you see unpleasant things while .3
asleep? 1 ' '~:*\ ■'- 3
••Have you chilly feelings down the 3
bark?" 3
"Do the joints pain end ache?" J
"Do the legs feel too heavy?" 3
If yon wish to r egiin ynur health and 3
strength use the GREAT HUDYAN. You 3
can get it only from us. ->*■>•"■"■: 3
youhTiver. ; "'..; I
ITTKR — Fnnred tongue.. .3
JL.TVER— T>roiT*y'fe«-»ineS. °
LIVKR- Hacking cough. . .1 .«*
liIVEK— in rishtsido. . °
LIVER— In Tegion of liver. 5 »
I^lVKR— .launrllcr. - *>
L,IVEIJ— TeI low >.kl n . f V 6 .' V °
If you arc suffering from Liver Troubles «
you can be cured.- Write for • ©\
Ljlvbr book 3
If you live away from city. 3
tainted~blood. I
TA'NTEI) ROOD First, secondary 3
TAINTED BlOOn and tertiary forms 3.
TAINTED BLOOD of blood disorders 3.
TAINTED «re manifestßdby 3
TAINTED BLOOM Copper- colored 3
TAIVTKD BLOOD >pf)tB, Itching 3
TAINTED BLOOD Skin, Irritated. 3
TAI.>T< D Bl>Oor> Pry, Parched 3
TAINTED BLOOD Throat, Ulcers in 3
TAINTED BLOO < the Mouth, Falling 3
TAINTED BLOOD Hair and Bad 3
TAINT D BLOOD Blood. When in ? 3
TAINTED H' OO'« this condition you 3
TAINTED KLOOD must act prompt- 3
INTE ' ' 81/OO '» ly. The best to do 3
TAINTED BLOOD is the sure 30-day 3
TAINTED BLOOD cure Call or write 3
TAINTED BLOOD for the 3
I 80-Day Cure Cirenlars. } i
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 1
Stockton ana Market St*. 3
HITDYAN — When you ar« nervo.n, °{
HUDYAN— unstrung:, -weak, de- °<
HUDYAN— bilitatpd, have a feellne <=<
HUIiYAX- of. lassitude ; when you 3
HUDYAN are premature, you °(
HUDYAN— should use th« Great °S
HUDYAN— Kemrdy, :; oj
H:ur)-sr-A:asr. i
Call or write for circulars. 3
ver.s :atl.ereil in a semi-circle about the
clergyman, who catechized them as to
their faith. The ladies and children were
robed in white and the gentlemen in or
dinary morning dress. Mr. Westenberg.
who is an excellent swimmer, was arrayed
in a black surplice, and he advanced into
the surf and took his position there, while
the converts were led out, to him one by
one, holding handkerchiefs over their
mouths to keep from swallowing salt
waiter during tbe process of immersion.
All passed the ordeal gracetully and suc
cessfully. The candidates thus received
into the church were: Mr. McCaleb. Mr.
McDaniels and son, Sidney Heltman,
Pearl Thompson, little Miss McCaleb and
the Misses Johnson. Dressing tents were
erected on the beach, and after the cere
mony the converts hastily changed their
clothing and departed lot their homes.
The myrtle plant is an emblem of love.
The ancient Greeks and Romans planted
it in their graveyards.
.' Joy's for the Jaded and Good
Health for all Mankind. v-.r:
JOY'S VEGETABLE SARSAPARILLA.
Is made from _j|£|sS§*£SL_ ties through
herbs, and Kgfß^^^^i nature'sown
contains no fl ■ proper ch an-
. mineral SEBSasWMHfw' nets. Joy's
drugs or 1 BjPjMBI Vegetable
deadly pois- ; :;^S^kig ! Sarsaparilla
on. : Joy's ■■ jf|;!i; ,:,""m^B cures Dys-
- Vegetable Ijk; , »*»*!£ : pepsia,
Sarsaparilla IHfa Jl* 1^ yjw Chronic
robs the Iff* 1 ' i£ ,-"" «■) ■ M ' Coristipa-
. blood of all; ItrnuiNi Sfi tion, Liver
its impuri- & N Mll| «? ma Complaint*
ties, and ElT^JOvffl! an d Kidney
courses all S^^6%>J&i Affections,
these impuri- J|^^^^[
sarsaparilla
■ prevents tired feel- I
I ings, staggering sen- I
H sations, palpitation I
PCI Bof heart, rush of ■
l^n|B dizziness, ringing in I BftO
?.; LSIjS I ears, spots before the ■ Bfc3
<J 1^ eyes, headache, bil- | I c
9 Iss iousness,constipatioQ ■ IKI
irnßO of bowels, pains in HBpJ
SjS ■ the bad^melancholy. I lc*4
5* MM to°giiO coated, foul @
!* pEtl breath, pimples oh I 1
1^ face, body and limb, | g s!
SIH fl declineof nerve force HBd
«tf| I * e . s an d hands, sour 9fi %|
R Ira eases of the stomach, I BM
B liver and kidneys.
Joy.s Vegetable Sar- flUfll
I ■J saparilla is sold by all li^
981 druggists. Refuse a fl
■ substitute. When you I
■ pay for the best see that fl
» "- ,' : TROW BiED< :
T?"! ■■. -T ' BRASS BEDS.'
/ : ' FOLDING BEDS 1
! "'- Wire and ' Hair Hm>
;«-  ,- - . tresses, Keel lai a :
|f tr . ■ Chain, Wheel Chain.
I |j •. Commodes, Bacl£ ttaiu .
JjllH Vjfntjllf V - A. BCHROCH.
*7^^^ — '|*'''Ui| . New Montgomery
W ••" x- • ■ LgJ ■■ St., under cir.*u.i j
Motui. s. k\
- v NEW WESTERN hOTEL, ".'/]
K^s^ A D WASHINGTON ST3.-BE-
a.v modeled anil renovated. KINO, WARD & cv
i.uropenn plan. KoomsSOcto *1 50 per day, «i
hm tiU'^f®^ 8"> * 30 I** mon;n: tree o»Uu;
fvlr TOld water every room: tin* grata* 14
. •very room; elevator run* uUiu*au. ,- -- •>•■FROM CALIFORNIA
TO FAIR FLORIDA
Orders for the Transfer of
the Fifth Artillery
Issued.
ONE BATTERY TO TEXAS
Boys in Blue Advised to Make
Preparations for the
Change.
GENERAL GRAHAM SATISFIES
Although Nearing the Age of Retire
ment He Cheerfully Returns
to the Everg ades.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Bept 19.— The
War Department is completing arrange
ments for the transfer of the Fifth Artil
lery Regiment from the Presidio to
Florida. Orders will soon be forwarded
to the Department of California head
quarters. It is expected that the transfer
will not be made earlier than December.
Colonel Shafter, commanding; the De
partment of California, and Genera)
Graham, the regimental commander of
the Fifth Artillery, have been officially
advised of the order transferring this regi
ment to the Department of the East.
Following is a ccpy of the official order
received yesterday:
Washington, D. C, Pept. 18, 1896.
Commanding General, Department of Califor
nia, San Francisco: Orders about to issue to
transfer the Fifth Artillery to Department of
the East, except one light battery, to be se
lected by the regimental commander, which
goes to Fort Sam Houston, Tex. The other
light battery is to take station at 'Washington
Barracks. The horses, guns ana battery
equipments will be left behind to be taken
by the exchanging bntterles of the Third Ar
tillery. General Otis advised «s to battery at
Canby. Make preparation for change accord
ingly. By command,
Major-General Miles.
EUvun Breck, Acting Adjutant-General.
It is surmised here in military circles
that powerful influences were invoked in
New York and Boston to save the First
Artillery, now in New York harbor, from
a tonr of duty in the South. Under a fair
detail the First, which has escaped South
ern duty for twenty-one years, should be
sent to garrison the forls in Florida,
Louisiana and Texas. The First|has had
but three years of duty in that region
since the war, while the Fifth has had
one turn of duty from 1865 to 1867 and a
second from 1875 to 1881.
it is known in San Francisco that the
Secretary of War was reluctant to incur
the expens" of moving two regiments
across the continent. When he figures the
slight cost of exchanging the First and
Third, as compared with the enormou3
expense of exchanging the Third and
Fifth, he will see how the public money
may be squandered to gratify favorites in
New York and Washington society.
It is highly probable that United States
Senators White and Perkins may be in
duced, in behalf of justice and fair deal
ing, to submit some facts to the Secretary
of War which may have escaped his
observation. .Commissioned officers of the
Fifth Artillery can stand the pecuniary
hardships of the transfer. If they have
not the ready money to move their fami
lies they can borrow it, but it is said that
the musicians, non-commissioned officers
and enlisted men who have families de
pendent upon them must endure a genera!
home breaking up to meet the wishes of
court favorites in the East.
General Graham was seen yesterday at
Presidio headquarters and asked if he "had
m»de the assignment of one of his li ht
batteries to Fort Sam Houston (San An
tonio), Texas, as the official order of trans
fer authorized.
He said that he had not yet decided oi
that detail.
A suggestion was made that General
Graham, having only two years more to
serve before attainine the age of retire
ment, eight ask to be retired rather than
go to Florida again. Replying to this
suggestion, he said:
"I have served in the army forty-one
years and I have never yet allowed con
siderations of individual convenience
to influence me in the performance
of duty. I shall not change my
course now. The idea of retirement has
not entered my mind. Yes, I understand
that regimental headquarters will be at St.
Augustine. Lieutenant-Colonel Sinclair
may prefer to accept the post at Fort Jack
son, near New Orleans. One major will
probably be at regimental headquarters.
The other two will be assigned to duty
elsewhere in the territory to be garri
soned. I served in the Everglades of
Florida in 1855. I was there again with
the First Artillery, when the Fifth re
lieved us. S.t. Augustine is a pleasant
place to one who is inclined to lead an
.idle or inactive life."
General Graham fancies that tbe Fifth
will not leave here before December.
MEXICANS PLAN A RAID.
Lawless Men Gather on the Borders of
Texas to Join the Followers of
Santa Teresa.
SAN ANTONIO, Tex., Sept. 19.-J. C.
Lawlings, a well-known ranchman of Pre
sidio County, arrived here yesterday. He
reports a large band of armed Mexicans
congregating on the Tex s side of the Rio
Grnnde River for the past ten days.
Tbe band numbered fully 800 persons
when he left there ycfrday, and their
leaders stated that they were going to
cross into Mexico, to join the followers of
Santa Teresa, All were well mounted and
armed.
The recruits were ignorant of the leader's
plans. The attention of the authorities
has been called to the rendezvous, and the
Sheriff and rangers have gone to the
locality. An effort will be made to arrest
the Mexicans on the charge of violating
the neutrality laws of the United States.
.The Mexican authorities have been
warned and are on guard at tbe various
points along the border, where it is prob
able the raiders will cross. Ever since the
attack on the Nogalea Custom -house
Mexican troops have been heid in
readiness for instant service whenever
they might be needed, and there
is but little doubt that they could
easily repel invaders without assistance
from the United States. The only trouble
is that the raiders might succeed in get
ting across the border and doing consider
able damage before they could be over
taken and reduced to subjection. Those
gatherings in Texas, while made up
largely of desperate, lawless men, are still
without discipline or organization and
without a recognized leader.
PEINON REPORMERS.
National Association to Meet at Milwau
kee Aext Saturday.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Sept. 19.— One
week from to-dsy the Cream City will be
the Mecca of philanthropists interested in
prison reform, and of officers and directors
of penal institutions from all parts of the
United States. On the evening of that
day the annual congress of the National
Prison Association of the United States,
the organization in which the late ex-
President riayes took so active an interest
and of which he was for many years the
president, will be formally opened with
appropriate exercises, in which Governor
Upham will represent the State and Mayor
Ruschenberger the city.
m
Powder Mill* Jiloun Vp by Lightning.
HAZARDVILLE, Conn., Sept. 19.—
Four mills of the Hazardville Powder
Company blew up early this morning.
The shock was felt twenty miles. No one
■was killed or injured so far as known, as
the workmen had not yet entered the
mills. The explosion was caused by light
ning.
Jteunion of Zouitre Cadet tmrvivorM.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 19.— Survivors of
the United States Zouave Cadets, com
manded by the late Colonel Ellsworth,
held a reunion at the Sherman House to
day to celebrate the tbirty-oixth anniver
sary of the capture of the champion flag
by that company.
Son of Alabama's Governor Fatnlly Shot.
HELENA, Ala., Sept. 19. — Richard
Cobb, son of ex-Governor R. W. (Jobb, was
accidentally shot and probably fatally
wounded this morning. He was walking
across a bridge when he stumbled. The
rifle he was carrying was discharged, the
ball passiuß through his lungs.
II THE PATH OF STORMS
Destruction and Perhaps Death
Caused by a Cyclone in
Massachusetts.
Cotton-Mi Is Struck by Lghtning and
Buildings Wrecked by the
W.nd.
NEW BEDFORD, MAes.,S*pt. 19.— A cy
clone from the west struck this city early
this morning, dealing out destruction on
every hand and perhaps death in one in
stance. There was, of course, an im
mense number of minor accidents, trees
uprooted, etc., but soon after daylight a
particularly heavy burst caused damage
of more serious import.
About 6:30 o'clock a hnge bolt of light
ning descended from a cloud of inky black
ness upon the big cotton shed of the Ben
nett mills. It ignited the inflammable
contents and imperiled neaily 8000 bales
of cotton of high grade and long staple. It
took the firemen three hours to cet the
mad blaze subdued, and in all about 2500
bales, valued at upward of $100,000, were
injured.
Much of this damage will be offset by
the proceeds of the sale of the damaged
cotton, but it will still be a very heavy
loss. It is generally insured. The cotton
house was destroyed and involved a loss
of perhaps $6000.
In the midst of the mill fire another cy
clone buist upon the city, characterized by
a terrific wind and a torrent of rain.
The crowd near the mill fire ran for
shelter and about twenty of them found
it in a new buiidine at the corner of
Coggeshall and North Front streets. No
sooner were they entered than the wind
took up the building, raised the roof
bodily and the whole structure fell with a
crash.
All but one in the building escaped. He
was Zoel Levigney, a Frenchman, aged 65
years, who had run in for shelter. He was
pinned down by heavy timbers, his spine
Inland, several ribs broken and internally
injured. The narrow escape of the car
penters forms a remarkable story.
The building was the property of the
contractor and is a total loss of $3000.
Several other houses were unrooted. In
Fairhaven big elms were uprooted and
tilled the streets for a time. In South
Dartmouth several buildings were blown
down and a horse killed.
On the Fair Haven bridge a streetcar
barely escaped a big tree from Pape's
Island, and travel was blocked some time.
Reports from suburban territory are to
the effect that the storm was of fearful
severity.
OGDEN, Utah, Sept. 19.— Further re
ports of the storm of last night indicate
that there was widespread disaster in all
of the country tributary to O^den. The
most important was the wreckinp entire
of the large machine shops at the mouth
of Ogden Canyon, where the Pioneer Elec
tric Power Company is putting up the
steel pipe for their million-dollar plant.
The shop 3 were directly in the line of
the storm and were blown flat, the thirty
ton steel crane crashing down into the
machinery and badly damaging it. There
were .500 workmen at or near the shops, !
but, no one was hurt. Damage here about '■
$30,000.
All fruit was blown off the trees, the
Reform Schooi building was unroofed and
schoolhouses and barns all over the county
are wrecked.
At Hot Springs, ten miles north of
Ogden, the hotel building was damaged lo
the extent of about $1000. The total dam
age in this county will reach $200,000.
In Ogden many Duildings were badly
damaged, but the amount cannot yet be
estimated. Trains were badly delayed by
fallen trees last night, but everything is
running on time to-night.
HELD AT REDWOOD CITY.
Mrs. Alice Burns Must Stand Trial in the
Superior Court on a Forgery
Charge.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept 19.— Mrs.
Alifte Burns, a daughter of Banker Hol
lingsworth of Woodland, was to-day or
dered held before the Superior Court for
trial on a charge of lorgery.
Mrs. Burns in March negotiated the sale
of a lot in San Mateo to ■ man named
Copp. and signed to the deed the name of
her mother-in-law, Mrs. Cornelia Burns
of San Francisco. Notary Morse oT San
Mateo took the acknowledgment 10 the
deed.
Mrs. Cornelia Burns was at the time
living with her son and daughter-in-law,
and admits that she knew of the transac
tian. She went to live with another son,
and a few weeks Jater this suit was insti
tuted.
Mrs. Burns was arrested in Woodland,
brought to Redwood City and released
on a bond given by her father. The pre
liminary examination bei;an on Thursday
fh ™™ concluded to-day. In place of
the $2000 hied by Justice Hannon a de
posit of $1000 cash was accepted
Stockton .Stabbing Affray.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 19.-Ed Weir
was stabbed to-night by George W. Hall
a blacksmith. The wound was made with
a six-inch dirkknife ana. while not 'iable
to prove fatal, is very serious. The men
were in the Mirror saloon ana Hall twitted
Weir with the fact that he recently failed
in business. Words brought on blows
and Hall drew and used his dirk.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
FILCHED FROM
SHASTA'S VAULTS
County Treasurer Jackson
Found to Be a Heavy
Embezzler.
MANY THOUSANDS SHORT
Believed to Have Robbed the
Exchequer Systematically
for Years.
EXPOSED BY HIS OWN RUSE.
Lurid Tale of a Raid by Outlaws
Aroused the Suspicion of His
Bondsmen.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 19.— What ap
peared at first to have been an attempted j
robbery of Shasta County's treasury ha* I
transpired to have been a ruse of the
present County Treasurer, William Jack
son, to throw a veil over the embezzle
ment of a large sum of the county's funds
at the hands of that "watchdoe of the
treasury," who for seventeen years past
has been intrusted with the office.
The report Wednesday morning of the
attempted raid on the treasury from the
lips of the County .Treasurer himself was
received with suspicion by County Treas
urer Jackson's acquaintances, and espe
cially among his closest political friends'
was his statement discredited. It had
been known that Jackson had been the
victim of an over-indulgence in wine for
many months. His bondsmen, thinking
things were not running as smoothly as !
they might, instituted an investigation, !
and as a result Jackson, who has been j
looked upon as an honest, upright and j
conscientious office-holder, has been ;
branded as an embezzler who appropriated I
various sums of county money to his own I
use, causing his own ruin and ti.e deple- !
tion of the pocketbooks of his bondsmen, j
An investigation of County Treasurer
Jackson's books and accounts reveals the
fact that he is at least $12,800 short, and it
is the opinion of his bondsmen that before
the expert finishes his examination he
will have been bound to be an embezzler
to the extent of $15,000 or $17,000.
On Wednesday morning, about 7:30
I o'clock, Jackson appeared before the po
lice authorities of this city, bis head badly
lacerated and cut, and bleeding from
; wounds. He declared that three masked
! men appeared at hip residence and com
manded him at tbe point of revolvers to
go to his office, in the courthouse, three
blocks distant, and open the vaults of the
county treasury. Jackson stated that be
I told the robbers that it was useless for
them to attempt to rob the vault, as it had
a time lock and even he could not gain
I access. According to his story they
marched him to the courthouse, one rob
ber on either side of Him. At the door
of his office, he said, it occurred to him to
I make a defense, and on opening the door
j he states, he seized a large rock, which w:ij
, lyinc on the counter, and with a swift
j back-handed blow felled one of the rob
| bers. The other, he said, hit him over the '
I head, felling him to th« floor.
Jackson said he lay unconscious for
j some twenty minutes, when, regaining
I consciousness, he washed the blood from I
j hi? face and started in search for the rob
bers. The janitor of the courthouse heard j
nothing of the disturbance, nor did any of
the neighbors living near Jackson's house. !
This story, together with the known fact |
of Jackson's debauchery of the weelc past i
caused suspicion, and his bondsmen in- '
stituted tie investigation.
Investment in stocKs has helped to
diminish Jackson's accounts. Only last I
August, it is said, he invested some" $7800
with a firm in San Francisco and lost it.
In order to mislead his constituents and
the people he so arranged it that his
monthly reports would show a surplus in
the treasury. This was easily accom
plished. A worthless check in the sum of
$9000, supposed to be money on deposit
with the State Treasurer, was each month
carried and entered in his reports as so
much money on deposit.
The experts who at various times looked
over the county books took it for granted
that that check was valid and so reported.
From time to time his report was ac
cepted, and had it not been for his ridicu
lous story regardine the allege l robbery
he would have been enabled to have con
tinued his raid on the county treasury in- '
definitely.
Jackson is virtually out of office to-night, i
His bondsmen have charge of his books •
and accounts, and Deputy Recorder Ross i
has been placed in charge of tbe Treas- '
urer's office for the bondsmen. They are
all reputable an.l substantial citizens a.id !
will be compelled to make goo<! the deft
ciency, which may amount to $20 000. The \
County Treasurer's bond was for the sum
of $120,000, the deficiency having to be
borne equally by some nine bondsmen.
DEL MONTE' S LIVELY SEASON.
Many Summer Guests Show Mo Intention
of Departing and New Arrivals Are
Pouring in Daily.
DEL MONTE. Cal., Sept. 19.— Still the
season at Del Monte I. olds out. Although
a great many of the summer guests have
gone quite a number of the prominent
families remain to enjoy the fine fishing
I and hunting hereabouts and other amuse
ments to be found at tne big caravansary.
Two of the most prominent families that
will remain through September are the
Crockers and J. A. Donohoe. The baths
seem alive with people every morning
between 11 and 1, and the surf, too, comes
in for its share of bathers. The cold surf
of Monterey Bay is so invigorating, any
way, ihat most all of the guests take a dip
each day.
Driving and horseback riding occupy
the earlier afternoon and wheeling and
tennis between 5 and 6 seem to be tbe
proper thine. Many wheeling parties
have been formed during the past week
in order to befittingly celebrate the glori
ous moonlight of the nights. Moonlight
coaching parties to the wrecked steamer
St. Paul, near the Point Pinos lighthouse
also have been popular this week.
T<> say the least. Dal Monte is indeed
gay, and guests remaining seem to find all
their time taKen up ftoni morning till
nisbt. Juan Vitere, one of tbe largest
coffee planters of Guatemala, arrived Fri
day with his family and will remain until
tbe middle of October or longer.
Among other guests of the week are*
W. K. T. Sachrn, PittSDurg; H. W. Rowall
Captain F. W. Hart, W. H. McCarthy
Mr-. L. E. Baker, P. L. Baker, Levitt
Baker, J. A. Donohoe, A. C. Duncan and
William Kelly, all of San Francisco:
Frank B. Stone, Chicago; O. J. Buck,
New York; Louise Windmellen, Miss
Windmellen, New York; Miss A. Janzen
sen, Mrs. B. Salles, San Francisco; Alex
J. Dwyer and wife, New Orleans; Juan
Vitere, Guatemala; George F. Gordon,
THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPOurim I TnP __„ "
** — <~ -~ v . — -~^~^^^^~~^^^^JZZ ! /^^-J^^n^C^??!^?' „„. ' THE EMPORIUM.
Saturday, Concert The Emporium. itttutrateT 'fo^ll
Nights. Grand ■ ;• M. SAN FRANCSCO, Sept. 2 0, : 89 6. %£%„££
Orchestra, twenty- • SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 20, 1896. Catalogue almost
- , : _____ ready. Se?idname
five pieces, and • . >■ ' „„, nr ,^ v/ , „ .
/ a ' h f WTtb t& & <a ii R O aaarejf to
pIS Blankets and ■ Linens 'Mi
j .. f cxr j r . - EMPORIUM, and
™ fc Special This Week. "
Big, Generous All- Wool Blankets and Fine Table Linens
from Ireland and Austria at a slight advance on manufac-
turers' cost are among this week's special trade attractions.
The great Fall Stocks, worth $2,000,000 or more, invite
you now.
4000 Pieces Fall Dress Goods. 8-Day Oak Mantel Clocks $2.48.
Special Sale Ladies' Neckwear. Regal Axminster Carpets $1.20.
New Style Jackets and Capes. Sale Men and Boys' Clothing.
Blankets, |gt Exclusive From fi^a' s MANTEL CLOCKS. m TORTOISE
Comforts. .fclUM prices. Good DreSS Goods, they come, bear Jb* Fine Carved- _^_«L SHELL
California Wool Blankets. Com- ing the stamp of the artist in design, <&£&&$& Oak Mantel JwaJ2& rfIMRC
forts made with substantial coyer- coloring and weave, more than 4000 fj^lalrfgi^ Clocks with 8- Ao^t^9Bf^lA l>l "^ #
ings and clean white cotton filling. pieces here now and novelties still jffipggsgjJLfia da y- pendulum Q^^^MJm Genuine Tor-
Four items of interest to every house- arriving daily. The EMPORIUM 'SBpJE^ IK? movement— 21 toise Shell Combs
keeper: Popular Prices on every piece. Styles roflf? viw inches high, J 4 i^MMr — new and novel
Strictly All-Wool White Blankets, exclusive with us. Your money will IR^s^if inches wide— Ca- ■nTOTf designs — small
66x78 inches, well worth at regular go further this fall than ever before A ylS^tf jk thedral gong — |■■ and large sizes-
retail price $5.50. Our <£»,«'} k in making your gown purchases. J^r-mIiL nalf * nour strike. 1 1 HI most of them
Price & t»Z3 Here are three lines that cannot be !wpN^ \\m OUR very special | Ij jj mounted with
Strictly All-Wool Blankets both duplicated in style or qualities at the J^««^^^°f Sl r*'i i P rice Ia I solid silver.
warp and filling, 72x84 inches, Prices: ..,. , =- S^ $2.48. • HIT 75C tO $6.
well worth $6.50. Our*(-/w\ L -, 52 mch Crepe. Mohair— blue and y^.-r^.  l^ IUvOVI
p r i cc vJ)3«UU black, myrtle and black, rouge Clock Department, second floor, west. .
? *r<r#» ci 7* fluff,, "u"ul o a and black and modore and black
clSlSlr^ SS?,»aSMfiS?S " canes and umbrellas.
Sort,. •'«' cfur Price $1.25 d«k heather mixtures, and 44-inch PLATED BITTER DISHES SI Congo Wood Canes- -££\
1 '"'. /- I l "- c "- Pans Cheviot Checks — extreme solid silver mounts— J/'mZSOt
Large Size Comforts, filled with novelties. EMPORIUM <h| 'ij- Jh, . handsome, and unique ft '[ W
fine-carded odorless cotton, covered Price vpl.^3 ,&r%. • handles |\U FJ
w!>V£ « Sl O 0 vr n p e rir U $1.75 46-inch Boucle Mohair, in the new _3®_ ' $" tO $3. W^
worm 52.25. vjur rnce... vpi.*^ mixed effects. s^&^'&S^y^^ M>l IU *4>j. R^
48-inch Snowflake Cheviots, in Tan /^^"»"w kf
r» A»/ ■ t- L , r^ . and Bronze, Gray and Navy, Bur- i sl*5 l* "^^^t'hSSfo Blickhom Handle K'l
Best Values, Table Damask gundy and Rouge, Fawn and Brown, x-4^^±T Tm^S^ DUCK " orn nanaie M
Tallin Linens t 1 ? , Na P kins - all with an overshot flake of cream, /2X^^^«'fe)i[llJl 19 \M^i Lanes. l&
i auiw Linens. The fall importa- giving to the whole a very novel and l^^f^^Sfia^^l W%&} Solid silver mounts— ffl\
tions are here. 525,000 of Irish and rich effect. '*^$&*^ very elegant — would Rift
Austrian Pure Flax Linens. White These two lines at the ex- 1(A -^* Wff^l^^^ make a most acceptable RB Bi
as a snowdrift and every thread tremely low price of q>I.IU t *=^^^tesSß^^^ r * present to any gentle- ;MH
linen unl ss we expressly state to the 42-inch Boucie Checks-very latest man-sold everywhere / »
StPthe bIs O t m Lt cce cn yO sVk qU in n^ a?d°aSblS§*l o^SlortS at*. OUR price I
vvf fo^'^eXs'^ (j** T^n^Mt^-iKr^^ Silver Quadrup.e-p.ate BUTTER $4.. ( „
iMn'A&^DH^lAn M^' wi?h an overshot Boude tuft DISHES with fancy drainers- Solid Gold Silver I !
a foil/ of n^J n irn ?ii We believe that these two fabrics butterfly handles-shaped and de- mounted close roll Silk UMBRELLA
LrthJaid nSn, willbe amo the most popular of signed as m picture-made to sell at for men and women at LOWEST
SalPricV 38C this season's effects. **:*5 each. OUR special £1 liiiiiiii
s^wSfiys asisseisi* SSSSs. 1 - Jszasssr**'*
,.r (L ,.., ,Jm t\M »»cii, wen floor, west, near mam elevators.
alPrice y ° UrSpe *55c Neckwear, Five large cases of '
. c " "•• v^v^x, r Q ;n:*..««o new and exclusive
72-inch Bleached Double Satin . warm tures, styles for fall and ... ITr -« JZ+^&L New l n OUR Book Depart-
Damask, extra - heavy and fine, Veililia, Etc. winter wear have WATER PITCHER. Rftftl/C ment the following ten
beautifully patterned, well worth y> just been opened. "- _«_ Pr.nrh n« a BOOKS, books have been having
Si. 10 per yard. Our Special or|_ The new velvet and lace effects and vv atpd pit^ucl an unusually large sale all summer.
Price- OUC Parisian Spangled and Beaded Gar- f™m 1* S If you have not read them, you
100 dozen % Bleached Linen Nap- nitures. Among which are: )\\H »f\ WnrU* — h™rt. ought to. They are too important to
kins, good bargains, well worth - "l^MflHullv mottled l arid be overlooked.
51.50 per dozen. Our Spe- *t <-)£ All*' 1 ! I ) blend-d color ef- "The Mind of the Master," by
cial Price $ L 25 j((^#ffl^ iftk«;J^fects^h^^ three , <A lan MacLaren. . '...... ..35
150 dozen % Linen Napkins, hand- >^&'^SS L "*^T!^«sB^^ /illlVvVrVw' pints— two shapes A Summer in Arcady, "by the
somely patterned, well worth <£• iC yi^^^Ss^^A^ME^X^ /'»'«» vH -actual value 85c. author of A Kentucky
51.50 per dozen. Our Price vfrl-13 f»^®llv®S QfcijiVWi- OUR special price „. ft ml ™!!'""..""-:: *« -"0
100 dozen X Linen Napkins extra WM^'M!smM^l& this week "A Lady of Quality," by Fran-
heavy satin finished, very handsome . -^wSSBnGhT 38C. 'ToS S GrS"Vf'Hop- $l ' 35
patterns, well worth 53.25 &'■> C /x 1 10m urogan, Vr. P '«. 0 =
a dozen. Our Special Price vJ)^.3U ~^^S*is^3epP S Glassware Department, second floor ..cinder'el^by Richard Hard * 5
"^WrgSmwrrflrin 1 ' Jessie-street side. Cinderella," by Richard Hard-
• /;,•- * ing Davis 90c
n n T r '■■-. J Eight dozen Velvet Collarettes in .- — — "Briseis," by William 81ack...51.55
UurUrug That we under- various designs, exquisitely trimmed, _ _. , vu ~ TTC . ccrTr , "The Master Craftsman," by
Store Prices 1 ..? 6 V CUt " in Ivory Oriental Lace, should be Carpet Jl^u'im^^VmFt?" Walter Besant $1.35
3lurerriM». rate" Drugstores marked 51.50, butni rAar L Thanroc NISHING T.ME. The "The Damnation of Theron
thousands already know, and we EMPORIUM Price.. "oC eaCtl UianceS. first thing to do, of Ware," by Harold Frederic
want thousands more to know it O trrr styles in Velvet and I are course, is to get your Carpets down. "The Seats of the Mighty," by
Here are half a dozen price hints: stm mo eteeL?and elaborate See how well an i cheaply we can do • ' Gilbert Parker....^.5 .... . V 51.35
Cut Our s,| g 5,385168 that for you. These prices mean A Singular Life," by Eliza-
Rate. Rate. ' * ' a>l ' b{ ** ,-"•.» , sewed and laid. We have 100 rolls beth Stuart Phelps SI. 10
Listerine ....75c 64c Spangled and Beaded Garnitures of BIGELOW and REGAL AX- y
Cal. Syrup of Figs 35c 32c on Net, Yokes, new Plastrons, Epau- MINSTERS in the new Fall patterns. T~
Italian Fig Juice 35c 25c lets, etc., in black and all the new The designs and colorings are choice. ... „ ... „'
Pears' Unscented Soap. 15c 2 for 25c color effects to match the fall dress They will wear as well as any $1.50 Wallpaper. We se " direct to the
Ayer's Hair Vigor 65c 59c fabrics: ." Carpet you have ever owned. We , . . consumer at bastern
S.S.S., large $1.50 31.35 Values «2 75 to ** so 98c guarantee them so. OUR (1 a A factory prices— the largest assortment
S. S. S.; small 85c 7" Vaiuis g".g to &|tllZjlS special price per yard $1.20 of Wallpapers in th^West to chtose
Glover's Dog Remedies, 20 per Values up to $5.00 ..........$1.68. .We have 100 pieces of Extra Super in selecting skilled workmen to hang
cent off the regular prices. Values $5.50 to $7.50 $1.98 Imperial Ingrain-all wool— 50 de- £ Our Special Prices are • 6
■;; __!___. 365 dozen Silk Border Veils, in all signs and color effects to choose from ' /
the new colorings-all that the manu- r m de to sell for 80c a yard. fiOr I C p per for 3 * c
Prescriptions Compounded of f a cturer had-purchased by us at an OUR s P eclal P rlce - • UUC £ £ a P« «J f
r«l*V£r fresh; pure drugs absurdly low figure. We are ft _ A lot of VELVET and BRUS- 8c Paper for 6c
tOSI ADC. __ exact jy what able to sell a 25c Veil for OC SELS Carpets— an excellent as- Nice Gilt Papers that you have
your physician prescribes. No sub- Chenille Dot Tuxedo Mesh Veil- sortment to select from— Carpets paid i2^c for only 6c.
stitution under any . circumstances. ing, 100 new patterns to choose from, tha^ we re made to sell up to $1.25 a Superior Gilt Papers Be.
If some ingredient unusually expen- full 18 inches wide, Black, Creams yard# We discontinued the patterns Plain Ingrain reduced from 15c to
sive is ordered we charge cost— Navy, Brown, etc. A splendid and to dose ' say ' your choice or 9° per roll.
no more. Ordinary prescrip- 25c value at our special price, per 24r for OJt Wallpaper Department, main floor,
tlons * : ~ C i yard«... i Carpet 'Department, second floor, rear. rear. '
See the Wonderful Window Display— A Scene From "Madame Sans Gene."
San Francisco; George Crocker, Miss
Thompson, Mrs. Churchill, Miss Churchill
Napa; Edward Dol<i and wife, Buffalo- A*
Rulfs and wife, William H. Farr Mrs
Walrod Winterberg. San Francisco; Mrs.
Julian Jordan and wife, New York; Luther
Rethus 'and wife, Theodore E. Schucking
A. L. Rickards and wife, W. A. Rickarda
and wife Cheyenne, Wyo.- C. J. Stied
man, H. H. Smith and wife, Denver- Mrs
E. R. Carroll and son, San Francisco";
E. P. Manke, A<iiel Sherwood and wife
St. Louis; Miss M. W. Parsons, Miss J. S
Yonng, New York; J. Goodman and wife,
El Paso; W. B. Cahoone and wife Miss
Lena Frank, Howard W. Bean, San Fran
cisco; C. D. Hart, H. M. Hart, Phila
delphia; Floyd S. Judah, Chester A.
Judah, Miss G. Carter, Miss 8. Gardn r
San Francisco; Mrs. Geonre T. Casebolt
and Miss Casebolt, Newark.^N. J.
Coombivllle Child Mistreated.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 19.-Jacob Rosen
berg, a junk-dealer of Coombsville, has
been arrested on a charge of cruelty to
children on complaint of the State Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children
Rosenberg offered a neighbor $15 to take
the child off his hands, as he doubted that
it was his own. The little fe!iow is but 3
years old, and has b en almost starved
and neglected in a shameful manner.
Mill Valley Reformer » m
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Sept. 19.-A
petition is being circulated among the
residents of Mill VaUey to have the Sup
ervisors revoke the license of McGinnis'
saloon, where Eugene E. Gray and Wil
liam Mannion, charged with assaulting
Ebenezer Warmuth, spent the summer
The suspects remain in the County Jail
unable to procure bail.
PORTLAND MEN IN LUCK
Encouraging News From a Youth
Who Left Many Creditors ia
the Lurch.
Successfully Plays the Role of the
Prodigal San and Will Pay All
His Debts.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 19.— Former
friends of J. H. Flinders of San Francisco
and Portland, who mourned his departure
for England much less than they did the
loss of various large sums of money which
they had advanced him, will be pleased to
bear that he is now in a position to pay
his debts, and is preparing to do so. He
is in London, and a complete reformation
of his habits has been effected through the
me lium of a series of parental lectures.
Flinders' father owns a bank in London,
and he is also a largo stockholder in the
London and San Francisco Bank. Young
Flinders was rather wild in his ways, and
he pasted not a few of his days in the same
way that a young Englishman of wealthy
family, high social connections and fast
companions usually does.
About a year or two ago his parents
thought a change of climate and com
panions would cause a change in his
habits, and accordingly his father sent
him to |PorUand to take a position as
bookkeeper in the local branch of the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank.
Of excellent social qualities and finely
educated, Flinders was not long in this
city before be became a favorite with his
associates. He led a fast life and on the
first of each month he found that his sal
ary was not sufficient to pay his bills, so
he resorted to borrowing. He obtained
sums of from $20 to $50 from his friends,
but these amounts did not assist him in
paying his debts, for he loaned money at
random almost as soon as he received it.
Two months ngo he was about $1000 short
in his accounts with his friends, and hav
ing no money with which to pay the bills
he decided to return to England.
A friend of Flinders to-day received a
letter from nim stating that he intended
to pay all obligations contracted by him
wnile in this city. Some ugly reports
abont a woman being at the bottom of
Flinders' financial trouble have been in
circulation and have been denied by his
friends. It has also been reported that he
drew three months' salary in advance
from the London and San Francisco Bank
and left without formally or informally
tendering his resignation to the manage
ment, but this is denied by the local offi
cials of the bank. The woman who was
generally supposed to be mixed up in
Flinders' affairs was a Mrs. McDonald,
who distinguished herself a few months
ago by shooting a newspaper man in San
Fran CISCO-
■ ■■ — — ■
tfhatta County Drenched^
REDDING, Cal.. Sept. 19. -A heavy
rain began last night and has continued
incessantly all day. Farmers are jubilant
and the rain has been generally welcomed.
About an inch has fallen during the last
eighteen hours.
STORM IN THE SIERRA.
Snow Falls to a Great Depth
and a Gale Sweeps the
Mountains.
Nine Inches of "The Beautiful" Re
ported at Cascade— No Sign of
Abatement.
SUMMIT, Cal., Sept. 19.— Snow is fall,
ing fast and the wind blowing a gala
throughout the high Sierra. Mother
earth, which was yesterday bedecked
with wild flowers, is to-day enshrouded
with a mantle of white. Since early this
morning the storm has continued without
a moment's cessation. On the high peaks
nor.hwest of here an extremely heavy
fall of snow is reported, and it is esti
mated that all of eighteen inches has
fallen there' in the past twenty hours.
Outside of the inaccessible portions of the
mountains, the heaviest snowfall is re
ported at Cascade, where nine inches is
said to have fallen since 8 o'clock this
morning. There is no sign of abatement
of the storm. It seems to be gaining in
fury, and the heaviest snowfall in years
considering the season, is anticipated. '
«
A woman has for many years been the
engraver of medals at the royal mint at
Stockholm.
56
RACING IN MUD
AT SACRAMENTO
Rain Dampens the Ardor of
Horse and Jockey at
the Track.
LAST DAY OF THE MEET
Lumina Captures the Autumn
Stake With Vincitor in
the Place.
BUT ONE FAVORITE IN FRONT
Mainstay, His Owner and Rider
Ruled Off for Life by the
Judges.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 19.— A driz
zling rain that betran last night and con
tinued at intermittent spells throughont
to-day dampened the ardor of both horse
men and spectators, and the concluding
day of the big State Fair meet saw but an
ordinary crowd in attendance. It rained
just enough to make the going juicy, and
as the jockeys, all bespattered with mud
and looking like cannibal islanders, re
turned to the stand at tne conclusion of
each race the spectacle afforded much
amusement to the occupants of the grand
stand.
Tha last day of all fair meetings is gen
erally considered "get-away" day, and in
many respects this vras no exception,
first choices in the betting succeeding in
capturing but one of the six races on the
card. The horses that plucked the purses
were: Principle, an Bto 1 shot, owned by
George Rose; Sabiila, a k 7 to 1 outsider;
Lumina, winner of the Autumn handicap ;
Articus, a favorite for the mile and a six
teenth run;. Reddington, the runaway
winner of the Darktown Derby, and finally
Charlie Boots, which took the hurdle event
at a mile and a furlong, with the jumps
omitted. Articus also enjoyed a walk
over for the Fail stake at a mile and a
haif.
A disastrous sequel marked the six
furlong dash that was second on the card.
The big colt Mainstay, with Charley
Daniels up, opened a 5 to 2 favorite, but
receded to 7to 2. It looked as though the
ri ier was not greedy for the purse, and
while shoving the bunch in running in
last position, he fell down about twenty
yards from the wire. The exhibition was
euch a poor one that the judges ruled
Jockey Daniels, the horse's owner, A. I
Lindsay, and the big sprinter himself, off
for life"
As though a forewarner of danger, the
7 to 5 choice, Alazan, for the opening five
and a half furlong scramble ior maiden
two-year-olds, finished third. Principle,
who receded from 6 to 8 to 1 in the betting,
assumed the lead in the stretch, and in a
drive beat the 12 to 1 shot Link Boy out a
head in a hard drive. The piunger, well
backed, stumbled soon after the start,
finishing back in the rack.
Ten selling-platers starting in a six-fur
long spin next furnished a very open bet
tinz affair. Ricardo at threes had the I
call, closely pressed by Hymn, Mainstay
and Seaspray. liumme), well supported
in the bettine, acted badly at the post and
was left. Gradually taking the lead,
Babilla, Pittsburg Phil's old mare, a 7 to 1
chance in the ring, edged to the front,
winning at the stand, three parts of a
length from Ricardo. which was backed
down from 8 to 3. Seaspray, ridden by
Bnycier, filiaily got in third.
The autumn handicap for two-year-olds,
over a mile, worth $710 to the winner, rc
eulted in a decisive victory for Lumina, a
daughter of the dead Martenhurst, run
ning in the colors of El Primero stable.
In the betting Tea Rose and Geyser
coupled were strong 7 to 5 choices', with j
Lumina next fancied at twos. Vincitor,
True Blue and Howard 8 were the other
Btarters.
Tea Rose was sent out to make the run
ning, closely followed into tne stretch by
Vincitor and Lumina. The brother to
Vinctor put up a strong argument, but
Lumina got the lead over him less than
a furlong from home, and won very
handily in L:4S)£. Howard 8 made up a
deal of ground in the stretch, finishing
thirl. McGlone, a new rider to the Cali
fornia race-going public previous to the
present State Fair meet, put ud an excel
lent ride#on Vincitor.
Thu betting about the five starters in the
one and a sixteenth mile selling run
looked a trifle peculiar at times, but "ail's
well that ends well." After opening at 8
to 5 and touching 9 to 5, Articus was
backed down u> 3 to 2 and trailing Encino
and Jack Kichelieu into the stretch, won
in romping fashion from the first-named
lightweight in 1:5:% Seaside, badly
messed about, was an indifferent third.
Six colored riders of the welter-weight
cliisj, mounted on six good, bad ami in
different horses, contested for the Dark
town derby, over a mile, worth $i 25 to
the lirst horse. Hazard, ridden by Ford,
was the hottest kind of a 4 to 5 cuance,
1 ut Jones astride of Reddingtnn, a 5 to 1
mot In the bettine, carrying 140 pounds,
jumped out in from when the barrier was
rsis-d, and the others never got near him ;
winning in runaway fashion, with Lorena
li second and the favorite taird.
On account of the Blushy condition of
the track the hurdies were omitted from
the mile and a furlong run, and the affair
■was thereby deprived of much interest.
Malo Diablo was sent out a 7 to 10 favor
ile, but sulked as usual, ending up among
the tail-enders. Spence, on the Bto 5 sec
ond choice Charlie Boots, made the run
ning from the out3et, winning easily from
Gold Dust. JOC, on which Murphy re-
Jrcshed himself the first part of the race
by taking a sound sleep, came with a sur
prising show of sneed at the close, finish
ing a good third.
Five and a half furlongs, maiden two-year-olds:
puree 5350.
lit>or*o Kobe's b. g. Principle, 99. by Imp. Maxim-
Ventura (ilCClane), 8 to 1.... 1
1 a siesta farm's b. c. Liak. Boy, 99, by Flambeau-
Corn«>)ia(>i)epar(l). 12 to 1 ..„. . a
C. F. Anders <& Co.'s eh. %. Alazan, »9, by fta
cine-Tearleas (Martin), 7 to 6 s
Time, 1:101,4.
I). .T. Tobln, The I'luiißer, Seven Up, Billy Vice
Mima uwens and P i" also ran.
Six furlongs: sailing: purge 5350.
T. Boylo'a eh. in. ~>abUla, 101, by Tyrant-Stalla
(Spencer), 7 to 1 1
b. F. Capp's cb. a. Ricardo, 104, by Wlldtdle-Bine
Bonnet (Shepard) 3 to 1 3
1". Hebenttialer's b. %. Sea Spray, 104, by imp.
Alarlner-Maranettt) (Snider) 9 to 2 S
Time, 1:18.
Nic Nac. Hymn. Charles A, Gladlola, Con Moto,
Mainstay and Kummel also-
One mile, the Autumn handicap for two-year
oMk; valii.- $710.
L.i Primi-ro s-able's b. f. Lumina. 110, by Imp.
Miiru-nliurst-Vandalite (Pigsott), 2 to 1 1
i:in»wooJ stock farm's b. c. Vlnct«r, 110, by
imp. Krutus-Molhe H (McUlone), 6 to 1 2
J. 11. Shields' br. c Howard S. 116, by Imp.
W'ljisile-Jack'-l-Zellca (Knos), 13 to 1 8
Timo, 1:45 Vi-
Geyser, True Blue and Tea Huse also ran.
On* and a sixteenth miles, selling: purse $100.
V. Archibald's b n. Articus, 104, by Argyle-
Gleu l-ocli (Martin), 3 to '2 1
Mciilcclno siable'B eh. c. Knclno, 89, by imp.
Brutus-May D (Butler), 3 to 1 2
P. s>iebeiuliu:er's eh. m. Seaside, 101, by imp.
.Manner-Marin (Snider). 7 to 1 S
Time. I:SUVi-
Wan-ago and Jack Richelieu also ran.
i
Darktown Derby, one ratle: purse si-fi.
Oakland stable's b. g. Kertdington, 140, by Em
peror of Norfollt-Augelique (Jones), 5 to 1 1
Al Mortne's b. f. Lorena 11, 137, by Apxche-Rtu
(Slaughter), 12 to 1 'I
i. U. Brown & Co. 's eh. g. Hazard, by Strath
more-Zoo Zoo (.Ford), 4 to !i 3
Time, 1 :50.
Tuxedo, Uncle Sam and 'I'm also ran.
M lie and an eighth, four hurdles, selling; pur&e,
W. Spencer's b. r. Charlie Boots, 131, by Alta
Mio-Constellation (Spence), 8 to 5 ]
Owens Bros.' b. g Gold Dust, 141, by Oro-Gold
Cup (Stanford), 8 to 1 2
H. Jones' eh. g. J O C. 160, by Apache-Irene
(Murphy), 10 to 1 " 3
Time, 2:OSVi.
Malo Diablo and Robin Hood I also ran.
SAN DIEGO'S FAIR ATHLETES.
Three Sisters Swim Four and a Half
Miles in Two Hours and Ten
Minutes.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept 19.— The
longest swimming race ever held in these
Waters took place this afternoon, and the
principals wer6 girl^-sisters. The course
was from Silver Gate bathhouse, San
Diego, to the National City wharf, four
and a half miles, and it was covered in
two hours and ten minutes.
Acnes, Lena and Carrie Polhamus,
daughters of Captain A. Polharnus, per
formed the wonderful feat. They are
strong, rosy-cheeked and plump girls, ali
born sailors and lovers athletics. Ihey
organized the Zla: Rowing Clnb, the
pioneer girls' club in Southern California,
which was the forerunner of over two
dozen similar clubs.
The bay was quite rough this afternoon
and the party accomDanying the girls in
boats tried to dissuade tt;ein from making
tde attempt. They were determined to
•Bwini the distance and kept on. The
wind was quite fresh during the latter
part of the swim. Two pirls and two boys
accompanied the swimmers, rowing two
boats with which to bring the girls back.
On the way down the cir's in the water
laughed, chatted and disported like
Naiads, occasionally racing with each
other, &nd showing no sign of fatiue.
Indeed, on arriving at tne goal Miss
Agneß Polhamus drew herself into a boat
unaided and, taking an oar, in company
with Miss Jessie Haight, captain of the
Columbia Club, out-rowed the two boys in
the other boot. This, after such a long
swim, was phenomenal and illustrated
the superb physical condition of the fair
contestant.
SAN JOSE RACE MEETING.
Earnest Morten Will Contest During the
? Cotnlng Fair. ' . .* ■
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 19.— The directors
of the Santa Clara Valley Agricultural
Society have reconsidered their action of
"Wednesday, when it was decided to have
no racing this year on account of the few
entries received, and there will be six
days' racing in this city during the fair,
commencing September 28. The small
number of entries for the racing pro
gramme previously prepared was due to
the classes being too slow. All the slow
horses on the circuit were worked out at
the opening of tha circuit, and the owners
now campaigning did not care to enter
their horses in events below their classes.
Purses amounting to $7500 will be given.
! There will be two harness and two run- \
1 ning events each day. The conditions I
I will be the same as those previously agreed
upon. The pacing events will be for the
2:25 class, 2:20 class, 2:17 class, 2:13 class
and 2:10 class. The trotting races will be
in the same class.
I . C. H. Corey has just returned from Sac
ramento, whither he went to make ar
rangements for the races. He reports
much interest manifested in the meet by
horsemen at the State Fair, and says that i
all the fastest and best horses on the cir
cuit will be here. Already a sufficient
number of entries have been received to
make the meet a success.
Ji AVISO IN THE EAST.
Winners of Events at the St. Louis and
Qrarrsend Tracks.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., Sept. 19.— Six and a half fur
longs, Tom Donahue won. Bust Up second
Favan third. Time, 1:27.
Seven furlongs, Jack Martin won, Hush sec
ond, S&xamie Young third. Time, 1:33%.
One mile, Helen H. Gardner won. Cochins,
second, Blacking Brush third. Time, 1:48.
One mile and seventy yards, Garland Bar
won, Madeline second, Kamsin third. Time.
1:50.
Six furlongs, Harry Duke won, Robert Latta
eecond, May Thompson third. Time, I:ls}^.
Five and a half nirlongs, Algol won, Fervor
second, Alvin w third. Time, X:\Q\C.
GRAVKSEND, N. V., Sept. 19.— Five furlongs,
Xmaa won, Arabian second, Accordion third.
Time, I :o3}^.
Five furlongs, Billali won, Vinita second. Va
lorous third. Time, 1:04.
One and a sixteenth miles, Peep o' Day won,
Hunwell second, Long Buach third. Time,
Five furlongs, Sunny Slope won, Box second,
The Friar third. Time, I:o2}^. «*
One and en eighth miles, Tne Winner won,
Ben Eder second, Cassette third. Time, 1:56.
Six furlongs, Zanone won, Tremorgo second,
Rubicon third. Time, I:lsJ£.
TRAINING STANFORD'S MEN.
Coaoh Cross Begins Work With the foot-
ball Candidates,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
19. — Coach Cross had the men out last
evening for a short but lively practice
game, and he repeated it again to-day.
After seeing the practice games, which he
personally supervised, urging the efforts
ot the men and advising them as to their
play, he stated that he found the meu
about as be expected.
"We have a big lot of stout, apparently
conscientious, players to deal 'with, but
their work is quite rapped as yet. Of
course I rather anticipated this "and am
not at all put nut by the discovery. Hard
■work will remedy the matter and a week
will see a big change in the men."
Re'.hrrinnton Leaves Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
19.— Clark Hetherineton, who has been
the trainer in the men's gymnasium bere
for more than four years, has resigned to
accept a similar position in the State
Training School at Whittier.
FIRE AT S UIS US.
Property rallied at $'JO,OOO Consumed
bjf a Conflagration.
SUISUN, Ual., Sept. 19.— Fir« this
| evening destroyed property valued at
j |20,000. It started in a dry-goods store
| i-uti by Blum <fc Phillips, and spread with
! great rapidity to the adjoining stores. The
fire eneines hurried to the spot and the
citizens worked liice Trojans.
The building occupied by Blum & Phil
lips was completely destroyed. This linn
estimates its loss at $7000, partially cov
ered by insurance. The building waa
owned by Dr. W. L Costigau. The fol
lowing business men suffered losses: E.
E. Long, druggist; J. T. Cooper, dry-goods
merchant; Perkins Bros., grocers.
Xux Case at Jtrdwood Citu.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Sept. 19.-On
account of a reflection upon his acts in
matters connected with the Lux estate,
recently published in a San Francisco pa
per, Judge Buck declined to hear the issue
between Campbell and the German heirs
and requested Governor Budd to desig
nate some other Judge to hear it. In com
pliunce with the Governor's request Judge
Belcher of San Francisco held court here
10-day. After listening to counsel, the
matter was set for argument of the law
points involved at Judee Belcher's cham
bers in San Francisco next Saturday at 10
o'clock. J
Ti*aUa Officer's Complaint Dismissed.
TULARE, Cal., Sept. 19— Fred Hall, a
deputy constable from Visalia, made com
plaint and secured the arrest of Epbriam
Sells, manager of the Forepaugh and
Sells circus, last night on the charge of
permitting a child to appear as a con
tortionist. The matter was taken before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
NEW TO-DAY DRY GOODS.
X Autumn and Winter I g^w TTV \Tn\l/ ■ ' All ¥'■'¥ I ' IlVTCr*\7 LOVELY ; 6
I dress UU K NEW MILLINERY THEATER I
/^^A^vrx^ i ! ** as already been pronounced the handsomest ever seen in San Francisco. V
# (j(JOD^! Our Styles are the greatest Novelties— our Models the loveliest— our own' DAMIVPTQ X
<& creations the most original. DUnl^Wl ±J A
§ we are now showing on the conn- A few minutes in bur parlors among so much beauty is indeed a treat. — V
%> ten of our Dress-Goods' Sections, the Come and See, We are paying particular attention tO the CIaSS Of Millinery A charming variety, fresh and f%
§ fe^L'Kai'ttWoni^n'SS: bought by the masses-the large majority who want Hats under ten dollars, £?£; #
X 6 illumfnaYed and those ShOWII by US are WOnderS at the PriCe. In high-CIaSS, exclusive by our Artistic Trimmer, Mrs. Mar. O
«► canvas, Scotch Tweeds, silk-mixed styles and qualities we cannot be excelled. You do yourself an injustice if " tin - and sold at prices that will lease O
5 .nT.'.'b^^V&s.' 10 - *" ° ew you buy a new Fall Hat before visiting us. you - __ g
V At2so. CHARMING NEW SILKS. NEW JET TRIMHINaS. . LADIES NEW CAPES. Jf W <P t r ,._, Ribbon. X
0 All-Wool Cheviots in new coloring Wv , ustunpac VEßy SPECIAL F . Bh!(m „„„,— narrow .... MAt $5 ~ .n'^w^lfcouS Xding. of £
W AI4OC iS^nS'SrrfffflSfSyifi'SS" A Remade Of VelourduNord, collar Reds, Blues, Greens and Bronzes.
(i L? e °; k and wool Mixtures. lEll^Hr/rSLH? SKSaS^ S2d£SS& £ss&z Uh °* Inches wide. 15c yard. U
m At4so. ~ £r*SSls ? £ S.H*i s '-^ sss sz&sjsxr Hned B * tln ** .nches_wide i _2sc ( yard. m
A Bourette Novelties in many styles. San^ds.W^e ,tn»H ilnTm «t » NewstyiesVin Beaded Yoke Collars. * ■ - The New Two Toned Moire Taffeta m
£44 Bourette Novelty in many styles, band* b a £««£ many of them at a Patrons, etc.) in black and colored jewel At $7.50. Ribbons, S% inches wide, dozens of 441
!tf At SOC. benefit. 8 / S V effects Valour dv Nord Capes, edged with chin- elegant color combinations. flf
•J Frtif^^tS? 1 * Cb ° TiOt aDd A^ 5C ? C -t d T« ~, ■ , t d FEATHER BOAS. SS'iS' a^pfend^Sar^ At 25C a yard, ...
IU French .Novelties. Illuminated Taffeta de Chine, in novel de- ■ at $10 Iff
A + -7 K « ~~~ signs and exquisite tlnts^ Special values in full sizes, 52 Inches * ' cM^sWl^XfMi^U
i At 75C. • At 59c. long, very fluffy, Cogues feathers, 50c, 75c, LADIES' DRESS SKIRTS. j^OCCI&I ValUe io.
If English and German Tailor Suit- Taffetas, In floral and moire effecu, in colors 5 1 each; fintjr qualities in French Tetrous * •§§
T ings. of Golden Brown, Moss Green, Myrtle, Koae, and Paradise feathers up to |3 50. ' At $3 In all Silk, Satin and Gros Gram ]
— — Cream, etc. ■ s .. nrn) . -n M .. CM,t. «» fl.n»ri „... Ribbons, in leading colors, about half i
j{ At^I.OO. At 65c. — . QLOVES SPECIALS. cufffSS t^S^L SS^tlffiS: «*<>* « 1 ™- ffi
! ha^Moffi^zrbeiS D ,— - out with percaline.__ _ No. sat 4c yjjd. Ssc piece. •!
! At 75C »i ? C ft «' « . ■*■* ~ At 4 " No. 9at 8c yard,' '75c piece. ill
'' . ~ All-Black Figured Gros Grain/full 22 Inches «£„* G / ac * Mos< l , aire Kid Gloves, Navy blue or black Ber«e Separate No. 12 at 10c yard, 90c piece. , Iff .
»->* . g wide, in new designs. r v* '• c BTbatt^n8 T batt^ n 1"^, regular $1 25 quality, Skirts, full five yards around and lined No. 16 at 12c yard, $1 10 piece. '
1 U • OISCK At $1 25 ~ sizes 5)4 and o% only. throughout with rustle percaiine. No* 22 at 15c yard, $1 25 piece. j I
< _ jr-t ■ M'^Wi'^ Brocaded Satin Dnchesse. 23 Inches wide, a AtS , ■ a*.^ *t = rt — 1 *,«= Each piece contains 10 yards. Ml
I IH/acC finnnC I superb quality and worth every cent of $3 a *** *'! ■ At $6, $7.50 and $15.
. LJI C&9 VJUUUS • yard. ______ , Genuine Mocha Gloves, 2-clasp fasten- a sample lot of superb Silk Skirts In -_..*•; i I
' F^'gSS.^.SS.^SJA'gS ■ domest.c_baroains. ffiffi3irSs«S^ I SS?SfJft&. 111 * ft'MS W^BS Sf .s Toilette f
, i caded Mohair and Zibeline. This downstairs salesroom of ours v more A ished with the best material. Anyone _. . •A. J^ dmr I
I . crowded during the "hard times" tha-n before; At $1. . worth nearly double. KPnUNItC^.
I At 25c no wonder, when you can buy three dollars The Latest Novelty i\v*jnik?n.v^p y
(i| Mohair, 42 inches — White G.l S'oSfi.h.d with . A WRAPPER SPECIAL. Jmpo^ SSK^fjT-g.
'f I 6 50 c — lo^d^Tnai 1 -^' 331^' I^'?^^^ tri^cacake^o.ofocakes. „
jU al ouc. Jacquard, in great va- At sOc a Pair.— pink, light blue, lavender and cardinal, Lmen will want one. sh^ow" Monday *T t\, c Oil wi,-*. /wii. b m «
*! All-Wool Jacquards in great va- At sOc a Pair. lour large pearl buttons, special at $1 a there So?t be^Sch of a show Pure Olive Oil White Castile Soap, ,
' f nety. All-Wool Creponne, 50 inches Nottingham Lace Curtains, in pretty de- pair. ._ _ V * there won tbe muchof^a show. made in France large, long bars •
i wide. signs and with taped edges. At $1 50 ■ special^t 25c a bar.
ft At 75c At 50c Each. . "WITCH-KLOTH" A light bine or medium colored Wrap- La Cigale Complexion Soap, the -JS
v««n«i," Tir«rH «n^ w-n^ w-. M . 614 chenille Table Covers, with heavy fringe The New Wonder 1 per of dimity, with gathered watteau peerless queen of all perfumed soaps, f
i English Lizard and Fancy W eaves, all round. .«s.n w «». -h «iri ♦•.» ♦«• « back from > r ° te . trimmed with fancy 25c a box of 3 cakes.
i 44 a + 0-7 1 o~ F^ . A specially prepared "Kloth for clean- h ■* » T tra full sleeves worth $*> 50 wu «» wu... m « v«» i
At 37 l-2c Each. i ng all silver, gold, nickel, copper, plated, Drald « extra tuU Bleeve3 ' wortn *- oa § !
f _•_ ='_V • • Hemmed Sheets, full size, dry laundried and wooden or glass ware. It takes the place At * 2 Anita Cream, the best preparation
i |\lavl7 HnClPf*l7 * reaayioruse. of pol i sne s, powders, pastes, liquids or .w * «* -«- « aa- »♦ made for removing freckles and sun-
i\ i>CW HOSiery; At 7 Yard. chamois skins, at ball the cost. Does not A rapper of pretty figured dimity, burn, 50c a jar. ti
Our Hosiery and Underwear sec- Glazed Sordine In new designs and pretty scratch, always ready, quick, clean and no lth large square collar trimmed with •
1 v£££™nn&i£ n %™!l*S,- colors - trouble. Two stoes-^il, 15c; large, 25c. Jjjjy f™*^***,™^™^ ~j£™ Carbolic Dentifoam, a new tooth
•• est and best to be procured; the At 9C Yard. XT Y lv .--: .-''•■- ■ / ':---' worth $3 moutn wasn, containing jusi (
prices, you may be sure, will be ud The 25c quality of French Satine in light or ww " * enough carbolic acid to be effective w
v* to date. dark grounds. COIN PURSES. At $3. nna n distasteful. Sprinkle-top A
4 1 ** »o,y •At 16 2-3 c Yard. Special at 25c each; over 150 different Ladies' Wrapper, made of fine striped bottles, 19c. £ f
2 At 12HC. German Eiderdown Flannels in elegant de- kinds, small and medium sizes, in new dimity, turn-over collar, bretelles over . %*
O Children's narrow or wide ribbed signs, light or dark. shades of green, red, yellow, brown, tan; shoulders forming points on back, turn- . bpeciai Values in loom Brushes j\
jSL fast black full finished Hose. At 29c Yard. some with initials, some with Dresden over cuffs trimmed with fancy white just received, 10c, 15c, 18c, 20c and 25c. /^f
>P . White Table Linnen in new patterns, a medallions, others hand-painted. Purses braid, deep embroidery and gathered __ &%
%* At IK quality worth 40c. among them worth up to $1.00. X* watteau pleat, worth $4. ■ 1?
A Ladies' fast black Cotton Hose; full : J)lVot\6y X
I 1! est and best to be procured ; the At 9c Yard. Try it. worth « mouth wash, contarolnj just &
prices, you may be sure, will be ud Tne 25c quality of French Satlne in light or r enough carbolic acid to be effective w
to date. dark grounds. COIN PURSES. At $3. ana not distasteful. Sprlnkie-top JL
, At 16 2-3 c Yard. Special at 25c each; over 150 different Ladies' "Wrapper, made of fine striped bottJes > 19c - jt
At I2HC. German Eiderdown Flannels in elegantde- kinds, small and medium sizes, in new dimity, turn-over collar, bretelles over %9
Children's narrow or wide ribbed signs, light or dark. shades of green, red, yellow, brown, tan; shoulders forming points on back, turn- . Special Values in Tooth Brushes J^
fast black full finished Hose. At 29c Yard. ?ome with initials, some with Dresden over cuffs trimmed with fancy white ]ust received, 10c, 15c, 18c, 20c and 25c. W
White Table Linnen in new patterns, a ■ medallions, others hand-painted. Purses bruid, deep embroidery and gathered £k
, -. -_ quality worth 40c. among them worth up to |1.00. watteau pleat, worth %i. 3f
Ladies' fast black Cotton Hose; full — iYiOllCy 2^i3-Vin|£ X
A complete line of Ladies' Herms- f\ tA^L/J .^TW'^f^f 7^W^% I*J H M , M&M */&& SUK S M§l New finishing braids 5c piece V
dorf Black Cotton Hose, in plain or L^ VYfiW rM M A A. V M S M J 'iSL SL^A^J M ML JM M A. J Shell hairpins 10c box
ribbed, full black or with white feet. m M M §BW fjf^LV BW^B^fcf . fff&jy W^sT J W All-silk side supporters with J?
«At 3 for sOc AMi B tewdiy WBr 7~\ <**• C^(9 Iv i\^^ ~~ m^r^# Fancy round silk garters with A
SSSfcisfta +* ~ w Prqp*j <$ sl§o=Ss %
§ black, with colored tops, etc., in dam ; ::. ; MARKET AND TAY I OR streets. : - ■:( Darnin« cotton on cards «>c dorpn A
and Richelieu riobed; worth 50c a MARKET AND TAYLOR STREETS §£*■^an^eVe". . .-.V.:. 1c cam 9
pair- m/\I*IVI-.l tti^LJ iftlLUr^ JIK.CCIO. Black English pins., 2c box O
Justice Bucknam while the evening per
formance was in progress. The case was
dismissed for lack of evidence.
Margaret Cartrell'a Salt.
Margraret Cartrell, who wan ejected by the
Sheriff from the house at 8 Hayes street on
the 16th lust., began suit in the Justice
Court yesterday against Sheriff Whelan, Jus
tice of the Peace John A. Carroll and John B.
an<l Louisa M. Muirhear), the owners of the
place, charging that the entrance to the house
was effected by force and was illegal and un
necessary. _____^_________
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
No Tarift— J. P. 8., Auburn, Cal. There Is
no tariff on either gold or silver bullion, nor
on goltfor silver coin.
No Premium— C. R., Coleridge, Cal. There It
no premium on {fold presented at the Mint, be
the gold ln bar, nuegi-t or dust.
Petersons Landing— Mrs. K. A. J., Eureka,
Cal. Petersons Landing is in Solano County,
this State, and is eighty-one miles by steamer
from San Francisco.
Candidate Bryan — J. P. 8., Auburn, Cal,
\V. J. Bryan was never a member of the Cabi
net, nor was he ever « member of the Senate
of the United States.
Valuk of Silver— Reader, Modesto, Cal.
The market price of silver (averasre quotation
per ounce) was: In 1889, .935: in 1890,
1.046; in 1891, .988. and in 1892, .871.
Street Pavement— J. V. A., City. Neither
the Street Department nor any other depart
ment of the city government has offered any
prize for the best method of street pavement.
CnY vs. Redmond— Mrs. K. A. J., Eureka,
Cal. The records of the City and County At
torney of San Francisco back as far as 1859
fall to show any action ot the City and County
against one James Redmond.
I'opclation— R. M. C, City. In 1860 the
population of the United States was 31,443,
-321, and in 1890 62,622,250. In 1860 there
were 5,210,934 families in the United States,
and in 1890 there were 12.U90.152.
Electric Current — P. C, East Oakland,
Cal. The electric current on streetcars is
turned on and shut off by means of a switch
under the control of the motnrman. Get on
any electric-car and wntch the operation.
Unintelligible— J. C, City. Your writing
is so miserable that it Is Impossible to ascer
tain what it is you want to know about some
kind of lax. Have Home one who can write
plain English write the question for you, and
an answer will be furnished, if it ii to be ob
tained.
Backward Jump— F. H. 0., City. There does
not appear to be any record for "standing high
jump backward." The only recorl for back
ward jump is three backward jumps with
weights, 31 feet '2 inches, W. Broiley, Farn»
worth, England, February 9, 1895.
Averaok Wages— T. 0., City. Without
knowing what particular class of article costs
a dollar to manufacture it is impossible to tell
bow much of the dollar was paid for wages. A
general average of wages is not tne proper way
10 p.s :eriain what proportion of one dollar that
it costs to manufacture an article is paid to the
wagt-earuer.
The Difference— J. P. 8., Auburn, CaL Tho
figures for the first nineteen months of the
operation of the McKinley bill and the present
tariff bill show the difference in the United
States Treasury. Under the McKinley bill
there w*«, at the end of that ; ctiod, a surplus
of $24,983,221, and under the Wilson-Gorman
bill there whs, at the end of the same number
of months, a deficit of $76,157,884.
Dollars and Certificate*— J. P. 8., Auburn,
CaL From 1878 to June 30, 1896, the total
number of silver dollan coined waa 430,780,
-041. Of the amount coined since February,
1878, there was held In the treasury on the
last day of the fiscal year 1895-96, $378,614.
-043, and the amount outside of the treasury
was $52,175,998. Certificates (silver) were
issard to the amount of $342,619,504, against
the amount in the treasury.
Mining Engineers— K. C. 0., Bakersfleld,
Cal. Mining engineers are employed in big
mines. To be a successful engineer one must
iv the first place have a likiug for the busi
nes«, must be a good mathematician, must
have a knowledge of surveying, must know
the formatiou of metal-bearing rock and be
abie to determine by assay what the value of
rock is. The best way to acquire that knowl
edge is to work with «ome one who is pro
ficient ln such matters. Books that will give
a theoretical knowledge can be obtained of
■ny first-class bookseller, who on application
will furnish a list.
The Figures Not at Hand— J. P. 8., Auburn,
Cal. The figures showing the expenditure for
the fiscal year 1 895-96 are not to be had in this
City as yet; therefore it la impossible at this
time to give the details asked for.
The Act of '73— 8. P. 8., Lodi, Cal. Silver
was not demonetized by the act of 1873, but
the silver dollar was temporarily, and the de
monetisation was within the definition given
by Webster in his dictionary, his second defini
tion, "withdrawn from the currency."
Barley— Farmer, Petaluma. Cal. In 1888
the import of barley in the United States was
10,820,586 bushels, of the value of $8,028,979;
in 1891, 5,078,733 bushels. $3,222,593; ln
1892, 3,146,328 bushels, $1,592,040; in 1893,
1,970,129 bushels, $921.605 ; in 1894, 791,061
bushels. $358,744; in 1895, 2,116,816, value
$$67,743.
The Bland Bill-W. F., City. The bill by
which the ailver dollar was remonetized, com
monly called the Bland bill, was passed In the
House Dv a vote of 164 ayes t0 34 noes, ninety
two members not voting. In the Senate it
passed by a vote of 48 to 21. After It had been
vetoed by President Hayes it was passed over
his veto by the following vote: In the House,
78 Republicans and 118 Democrats, against 52
Republicans and 21 Democrats; in the Senate,
by '22 Republicans and 24 Democrats, against
10 Republicans and 9 Democrats.
"Nothing New"— Subscriber, City. The cor
rect quotation is: "The thing that hath been,
it is that which shall be, and that which Is
done is that which shall be done, and there is
no new thing under the sun." It is to be
found in the Bible. Ecclesiastes 1:9. Bolomon
is commonly credited with the utterance of
this and other sayings taken from the same
canonical book of the Old Testament. The in
scription with which it commences is: "The
words of Kohelet [Hebrew lor preacher], the
son of David, King m Jerusalem." A number
of students of the Bible doubt tho authorship
.p.s being Solomon's.
Free Coinage— E. E. O'D., City. It Is not
astonishing that at Democratic headquar
tors you should have been told that no
provision had been made to prevent, in case
of silver Democratic tucceu, foreign silver
from coming to the United States to be ex
changed for gold and that none was necessary,
as no foreign country hat any con*iderab.e
amount of silver to spare. That is the answer
given to deceive. The ratio in the rreat ma
jority of the foreign countries is 14 to 1.
There is no means of telling how much silver
England would be wiLiug to exchange for
American gold at any ratio should there be
unlimited free coinage.
Rkmonetization Act— J. c. D.. Forest Ranch,
Cal. It was not silver but the itandard dollar
that was remonetized by the act of February
28, 1878. This act provided also for the pur- j
chase by the Secretary of the Treasury of sil
ver bullion at th« market price of not less than
$2,000,000 or more than $4,000,000 worth per
month and cause the same to be coined
monthly as fust as purchased into dollars.
From 1878 to June 30, 1893, the amount of
silver dollars coined was $423,299,169. By
the act of 1896, November 1, the purchasing
clause as regards silver only was repealed; it
did not repeal the coinage of silver dollars.
Silver dollars are now being coined under in
! structions issued from the Treasury Depart
ment last January.
Insignia and Facings— M. J. 8., City. The
Insignia of rank of the officers of the United
States army is as follows: General, a shield
between (wo stars; lieutenant-general, three
stars; major-general, two stars; brigadier-gen
eral, one star; colonel, eagle; lieutenant
colonel, two silver leaves; major, two gold
leaves; captain, two bars; first lieutenant,
one bar; second lieutenant, no bar. The
facings of th« different branches of the service
ar«: Infantry, white; cavalry, yellow; artil
lery, red; engineer corps, scarlet; signal corps i
audstafi. black: ordnance department, claret ;
quattcrmaster department, buff; commisaary i
department, gray; hospital corps, green. Tha
cadets at West Point wear gray uniforms
and the same facings as ln tb« regular
army; the chevrons, however, are inverted.
The Insignia of nan-commissioned officers
is: First sergeant, three chevrons and a dia
mond; coior sergeant, circle and three chev
rons; ordnance sergeant, star and three chev
rons; quartermaster sergeant, three ctiev
rons with bar across the top of each;
sergeant-major, three chevrons with halt
circle over each; hospital steward, three
chevrons and Geneva cross; farrier ser
geant, three chevrons nnd horseshoe; saddler
sergeant, three chevrons and stirrup; chief
trumpeter, same device as sergeant-major
with addition of bugle; commissary sergeant,
three chevrons (gray); corporals, two chev
rons; lance-corporals, one chevron.
Mines in California— J. P. 8., Auburn, Cal.
The officers of the Mining Bureau are at this
time collecting statistics with a view to ascer
taining how many gold and how many silver
mines there are In the State of California and
how many men are engaged in each, but the
figures received are not sufficient to form an
approximate number oi either. This depart
ment might guess at the number, but will not.
Venus de Milo— "Wahua," Los Angeles,
Cal. The "Venus Victorious" is called the
•Venus of Milo," because It was brought from
the island of Milo in the Sea by Ad
miral d'Urville in 1820. It is one of the chefs
d'oeuvre of antiquity and is now in the Louvre
in Paris. The measurements of the statue are:
Height, 5 feet 11 Inches; circumference of
head at forehead nnd over hair, 28 itiches;
width of forehead, 8 inches; length of nose,
2% inches; width of mouth, 2W inches; length
of face, hair line to chin, 7% inches; length
of ears, 3 inches; circumference of neck, 12
inches; width across shoulder?, 19)^ inches;
circumference at shoulders, 48 inches; bust.
43 inches; waist, 37 inches; from hip to knee,
28 inches; knee to ankle, 23'^ inches; knee to
sole of loot, 24? i inches; length of foot, 12»i
inches; width of foot. 4% inches; circumfer
ence of upper arm, 14^ inches.
Husband and Wife and Letters— M. E. and
A., City. These correspondents ask about the
right to open letters. One asks: "Has the hu«
bnnd any right whatever to open his wife's
letter without her consent?" and the other
asks: "In case a husband deserts his wife and
she comes in possession ot a letter addressed to
him, has she a right to open that letter?" The
opening of a letter addressed to another is a
crime under the United States law, and is
punishable by fine and imprisonment. Sec
tion 7U3, paragraph 8, of the postal law says:
"Neither husband nor wife controls tne corre
spondence to the other; when so instructed a
Postmaster must refuse to deliver to the hus
band letters addressed to the wife, or to the
wife those adlressed to the husband. In the
absence of instructions to the contrary the
wife's letters should be placed in the hus
band's Dox and delivered to him with his own
letters unless they be known to live sepa
rately." The postal authorities say that while
it is generally understood that man and wife
are one, the Postal Department, in the matter
of letters, recognize them as two distinct Indi
vidual, nnd that, under a strict construction of
the law in the first case, the husband would
not have the right to open his wife's letters
without her consent, and in the second case if
a deserted wife received a letter addressed to
her husband, if she wished to avoid a prosecu
tion, she would return the letter to tie post
offlcc. "
Double Standard— J. c. D., Foreit Ranch
Cal. The act of 1702 provided "that there
sha'l be from time to time struck and
coined at said mint coins of gold, silver and
copper, ot the following denomination*, values
and descriptions." Then follow the descrip
tions of eagles, half eagles and quarter eagles
of goid, "dollars or units— each to be of the
value of a Spanish milled dollar as the same
is now current and to contain 371'^ grains of
pure or 416 grains of. standard silver, half dol
lars of hnlf of the value of the dollar unit"
after that there is a description of the
minor silver coins and the copper coiat. So
at first there was not oniy a double but a triple
standard in the United States. The relative
value of gold to silver was fixed at one part of
the former to fifteen of the latter, and the fine
ness ot gold coins was fixed at eleven parts of
pure gold to one of alloy. At the ratio named the
silver dollar being cheaper thau the gold dol
lar became the standard unit. The ratio in
most European countries was 1 to 15.5. The
gold imported in this country could be ex
changed for 15.98 parts silver which when ex
ported would yield one part of gold and
I leave a surplus of .48 parta silver as the
means to pay theexpenseof transportation,in
terest and still leave a profit on the transaction.
This led to a very large export of silver dollars,
and to check this President Jefferson
on the Ist of May, 1806, gave a per
emptory order to stop the coinage of silver
dollars and none were coined until 1830.
That was the first demonetization of the stan
dard dollar. The commercial ratio and the
coinage ratio did not coincide after 1795 and
the commercial rose until 1834, when it was
15.82 to 1. Then gold coin had a greater bul
lion value than coinage value and was ex
ported. In 1834 Congress to meet a general
preference for a gold circulation changed the
legal ratio between gold and silver to 1 to 16
by reducing the weight of gold in a gold dol
lar seven grains. Under that rating the
rold dollar became the standard unit.
Up to 1853 cold as well as sil
ver \vm coined free at the mint
for owners, but in that year a seigniorage was
placed on the coinages of silver, for while dol
lars were not coined the other silver coins
were. In 1873 the act of February 12 knocked
the standard dollar from the list of silver
coins, but by the act of June 20, 1874, all
silver coins, including the silver dollar, were
made a legal tender for payments not exceed
ing $5. By the act of February 28, 1878, the
silver dollar was remonetized and made "a
legal tender at its nominal value for all debta
and .dues, public and private, except where
otherwise stipulated in the contract." When
money is demonetized it is no longer a meas
ure of value.
To the Police— Constant Reader. City. You
can have the annoyance you complain of
stopped if you will lodge a comDlant at the
police office. '
The Big Earthquake— s. 0., City. The date
of the big earthquake ln California was
Wednesday, October 21, 1868. The shock in
San Francisco lasted forty- two seconds.
The Tariff— S., San Jose, Cal. The rate of
duty collected on dutiable goods under the
present tariff averages about 45 per cent as
against 52 per cent under the McKinley bilL
The Vote— B. C, Stockton. Cal. There are
no figures that show how much the vote has
increased in the United States since the last
held Presidential election. Many guesses have
been made, but guesses are not facts.
War VEraELS— C. C, City. According to
| Brassey's Naval Annual for 1896, the war ves
sels having the greatest displacement are the
British vessels Hannibal and Illustrious. Each
has a displacement of 14,900 tons.
The Murder of prelleb— V. , City. The mur
der of C. A. Prellcr at the Southern Hotel in
St. Louis occurred on April 14, 1885. W. H.
L. Maxwell was hanged tor* this murder in St.
Louis on th« 10th day of Angust, 1888.
City Hali. Dome— V. L., City. The contract
for the fancy glass to be placed 'in the dome of
i the City Hall was let to the John Malon Com
pany and the plain glass contract to Woods &
Co. The glass is being prepared at this time.
Land in Washington— N. L., Vineland, Cal.
For information about lands in Northwestern
Washington you should write to the United
States Land Office located at Seattle. For $1
that office will furnish you a plat showing
what land is open to pre-emption.
On First Papers-L. A., Wawona, Cal. The
States of the Union in which an alien can vote
on first papers are: Alabama, Arkansas, Colo
rado, Florida, Indiana, Kausa«, Louisiana
Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, New
Jersey, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota
and Wisconsin.
Fenders— P. C, East Oakland, Cal. There
have been Inventions calculated to automati
cally apply a brake on a streetcar when it
strikes an object, but as yet none has worked
satisfactorily. The cars of the Clay-street line
used auxiliary brakes that took the track, and
there was no objection to them. Fenders on
streetcars ought not to be more ttian two
inches Irom the ground— so cay those who
have studied the subject.
Moss— Mrs. J. E., City. The drying and press
ing of moss is an operation that requires pa
tience and practice to accomplish good results.
The moss which it is desired to preserve
should be placed in a large shallow pan con
taining water, so as to give the moss a chance
to spread. When all the brandies have been
well distended a sheet of cardboard or flat
piece of tin should be pushed under the ex
tended moss, so as to enable the operator to lift
it out of the water in the sh&pe in which it was
in the water. Then a sheet of blotting-paper
should be placed over the moss to absorb the
moisture. Alter that a sheet of heavy white
paper should be placed on the moss, the wbole
reversed, up as to enable the operator tore
move the cardboard or tin without disturbing
the shape of the moss. Then rub a sheet of
blotting-paper over what was the under side
and cover the moss wrth another sheet of
heavy white paper, place under a light weight
and expose to moderate heat from the sun
till dry.
Bridge at Cincinnati— a. M., City. The
bridge across the Ohio connecting Cincinnati
with Covingto':, Ky., is 103 feet above low
watermark. The one connecting Cincinnati
with Newport, Ky., is 100 feet above lovr-water
mark.
Hydrogen— C. L. H., Daggett, Cal. Hydro,
gen is about fourteen times lighter than atmos
pheric air. The weight of a cubic foot of
hydrogen is 0.069 ounces and that cf one
cubic foot of air is 0.999 ounces. It would bo
Impossible to tell how much hydrogen would
be reauired to support one foot of air ln a
receptacle without knowine tho weight of the
receptacle. It might be contained In a bladder
and It might be contained in a steel safe,
hermetically sealed. You have tne figures
and you can do the calculating.
Possession— E. P. W.. city. The Code of
Civil Procedure of this State says, the section
not having been repealed:
Where If appears that there has b«Bn an actual
continued occupation of land under a claim of
title exclusive of any oi her right, but no: founded
upon a written instrument, judpment or decree
the land so actually occupied, And no other, Is
deemed io have been held adversely.
For the purpose of conv.itntins; an adverse pos
session hy a person claiming title not founded
upon a rrritten instrument, judgment or decree,
land i» deemed to have been potsesaed and occu
pied in the following casea on!)-. First, when it
has been protected by a substantial enclosure;
second, wlieu It has been usually cultivated or im
proved. Provided, however, that ln no case shall
adverse possession be considered established
under the provision of any section or section* of
this code unless it shall be shown that the land
has been occupied and claimed for the period of
five years continuously, and that the party or
parties, tbetr predecessors or grantors have paid
all the taxes. State, county or municipal, which
have been levied and assessed upon such land.
NEW TO-DAY.
HUMPHREYS'
""7 "7"
-FOR- , »
-FALL COLDS-
Changes of Abode !
Changes of Weather I
Changes of Clothing!
Changes of Diet!
All cause Coldsthatare cured
by "Seventy-Seven."
No. 1 Cures Fever.
No. 3 - " Infants' Diseases.
No. 8 " Neuralgia.
No. 9 " Headache.
No. 10 Cures Dyspepsia.
No. 11 " Delayed Periods.
No. 12 " Leuchorrea.
No. 14 * " Skin Diseases.
No. 15 Cures Rheumatism.
No. 16 " Malaria. "* -
No. 24 " Brain Fag.
No. 27 " Kidney Diseases.
No. 30 " Urinary Diseases.
Dr. Humpheeys' Homeopathic MahttaL
of Diseases Free at Yodb Dhuggists or
Mailed 05 Request.
Small bottles of pleasant peUeu, fit the vest
pocket. Sola by druggists, or sent, on receipt of us
cents, or live for 81. Humphreys' Medicine Com-
pany, Cor. William and John streets, New York.PUN'DAY BKITKMBKK 20, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
California Thkateb.— " On the Bowery."
Columbia Theatkk— "A Matrimonial Blaze."
*'ofosco's Ci-KKA-liousy— -The Danger Signal"
Tivom Opkra-Hotjsk— "Hansel and GreteL '
OBPnKOM-H«eb-Class Vaudeville.
aica7ah Theater.-" Ours."
Baseball— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Gojldkn- Gats Park— Gate Park Band,
tCTRo Baths— Bathing nnd performances.
fcHcoT thk Chutes- Daily ut llamas street,
c D* block east of the l J ark.
Thk Auditorium— Kllis and Mason streets-
Concert next Saturday afternoon, at 3 o'clock.
Mechanics' iNSTITCTK uviuos- Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition to-morrow.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Faicilt Excursion-— To Camp Taylor.
tXCOBsiON— To the Golden Gate.
AUCTION tALES.*
By A. L. Ckesswki l— Monday, September 21,
Furniture, at 2297 Franklin street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A serious panic was narrowly averted last
bight at the Orpheum.
Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. R., held a camp
fire la6t night at Native Sons' Hall.
The Supreme Court has granted a new trial
to A. J. Whiteman, convicted of forgery.
Wilfred M. Peck of Riverside reports large
Eeputlican gains south of the Tehachapi.
Clouoy Sunday forenoon , fair the rest of the
day— Local Forecast Official A. G. McAdie.
Rev. Dr. Adams has arrived and will preach
In the First Congregational Church to-day.
Weather Prophet Hammon lost four kites
while making scientific experiments yesterday.
An enthusiastic audience at the Auditorium
heard aa address last night by Irving M. Scott.
Dr. Newman, the now M. E. Bishop for San
Francisco, baptized U. S. Grant on his death
bed.
Keith, Bruce Porter, Willis Polk
end Douglas Tilden have decided to pool ideas
in art
The will of Frederick Jett was yesterday filed
lor probate. He leaves a $10,000 estate to his
widow.
Chew Yung of Butte has succeeded in rais
ing a new point for the consideration of Col
lector Wise.
The Central Lumber Company of California
attached tfce Bell Lumber Company of Everett,
Wash., yesterday.
Hugh McGraw was yesterday sued for
divorce by his wife, Koran Mctiraw, on the
ground of cruelty.
The Non-Partisan County Committee met in
Fraternal Hall lait evening aud selected pre
conveaiion committees.
The official order for the transfer of the
Filth Artillery, U. S. A., has been received at
department headquarters.
Owners of Chinatown rookeries that have
fallen under the ban cf the Board of Health are
beginning to destroy them.
The young ladies of the Woman Suffrage
Bureau are preparing a fine programme for
their concert on the 6th^>f October.
The Election Commissioners talked of the
proposition of submitting the City's floating
debt at the comiag election, yesterday.
The Republican primaries passed off quietly
yesterday the only opposition, that in the
Xnirty-sixth, being defeated with ease.
Gustav Stahl, 9 years of age, fell four stories
.. iliram »F Hotel yesterday afternoon
»nd received injuries which resulted fatally.
Charles D. Wheat, the well-known notary
public and commissioner of deeds, di«»d Fri
day evening at his home, 2118 bteiner street.
Kate Levy was yesterday granted special
letters of administration on the estate of Sam
uel Har m. Her bonds were fixed at $10,000.
Justice Groezinger gave Charles Ehti an
oral castigation yesterday for charging a poor
woman 10 per ctut a month jn a loan of $50.
The Grand Jury has addressed a communica
tion to the heads of the various municipal de
partments, in which economy is earnestly
recommended.
Mechanics and others at the Potrero are
overjoyed at Mr. Scott's success in getting the
Government award to build the two vessels
lor Uncle Sam.
A writ of prohibition restraining the Board
of Supervisors from opening the bids for the
new People's Mutual Telephone franchise was
yesterday applied for.
An ugly rumor is abroad to the effect that
Cashier Langhorne Heath, who has overstayed
his vacation, is short In his accounts. His
brother makes denial.
For ten pays past the police have been look
ing for three shoplifters, who it appears have
managed to get away with several hundred
dollars' worth o! goods.
Tne Sons of the American Revolution ban
queted at the California Hotel last night in
commemoration of Washington's farewell ad
dress to the Nation 100 years ago.
M. F. Taylor of Colorado addressed a large
audience at Metropolitan Hall last night on
the silver question, under the auspices of the
California silver campaign committee.
The Supreme Court will be asked to modify
its opinion in the county government act case,
otherwise the county will be loft without sev
eral offices provided for by the constitution.
Special Agent Prior has succeeded in un- I
eimhin* large timber frauds in Tuolnmne '
C ounty. From 3,000,000 to U. 000.000 feet of i
lumber has been stolen during ihe last twenty
years.
Judare Wallace yesterday sentenced Luke
Gaffney to the County Jail for three months
for assault. John Higglns got one year in
the same place for fssault with a'desMiy
weapon.
The Pacific Mail steamship Ci 4 y of Peking
enme off the drydock yesterday, having been
thoroughly cleaned. She is now prepared to
keep up her famous record lor fast trips across
the Pacific-
The tug Ethel and Marion was sunk at
Union-street dock Friday night through the
carelessness of her engineer in letting her
tanks run full of water and then overflow, fill
ing the hull.
Attorney Noph F. Flood utrnck Attorney
John J. Coffey in the faco in Judge Campbell's
court y.sterday morning and wai lined $100 i
antf committed to ihe County Jaii for twenty
four hours for contempt of court.
Joseph P. Salvatore. <i'2l Bush street, was
yeiteraay held to answer in $2000 bonds for
etcaling Mrs. Rafaela de Kilva's diamonds, and
a warrant was served upon him for obtaining
money from her by false pretenses.
The unknown man who fell down toe steps
0 , !J c al Sacramento and Kearny streets
early Thursday morning, irac'uring his skull,
died at the Receiving Hospital yesterday and
bit body ivai taken to the Morgue.
The fifteenth annual session of the evening
educational department of the Young Men's
Christian Association will beopened October 1
»'hen President Eli McClish oi the University
of the Pacific will deliver an address.
Mrs. Oelrlchs and Miss Virginia Fair trera
present yesterday in Notary Phillips' office
but Attorney Dctmas did not question them
Inasmuch as they had withdrawn their peti
tion for the probate of the peucil will.
The Keily-Mahor.ey outfit continued Its con
vention in B'nai B'rith Hall last evening
adopting a platform and otherwise coin*
through the forms of a regular municipal
convention to its own evident great enjoy
ment.
Morris Clancy, a hostler, was found by
Policeman Johu Mac Lean early yesterday
morning at the corner of Eddy ana Jones
streets in a dying condition. He expired
while being taken to the Receiving Hospital
and his body was taken to the Morgue. The
cause of his death was heart disease.
A lecture will be given at the meeting of the
Academy of Eciences. Monday evening, Sep
tember 21, at 8 o'clock, when' Andrew c. Law
son, professor of Geology and Mineraloey at
the State Uni7ersity, will speak on "The Evo
lution of Land Forms," illustrated with lan
tern elides. The lectures are free to the public
Presidio Lodge No. 334, 1. O. O. F., by a com
mittee, has investigated an accusation lodged
against George T. Phelps, in connection with
the Winthrou case, Mr. Phelps being a member
of the lodge. The committee hayiug made a
report, the lodge adopted a seriesof resolu
tions on the 17th iust. completely exonerating
Mr. Phelps and finding that he was wrongfully
accused.
Major W. B. Hooper of the Occidental Hotel,
who has been at San Diego, Los Angeles and
other places in Southern California for several
weeks past for his health, has returned here.
Several of his family were with him. He is
yet nervous and is not at all well. In the
south he contracted dysentery and it was
thought best lor him lo come home. Other
wise he was better. He is confined to his bed,
but his friends say he will Boon be able to be
up and about again.
Trunks Moved 25 Centa.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Sutter street,
lelepnone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
YESTERDAY'S VOTE
AT THE PRIMARY
Inglorious Fate of the Con
test in the Thirty-
Sixth.
JACK M'CARTHY DOWNED
Four Men Knocked Hors de
Combat in the Fortieth
District
MARTIN KELLY'S BAD BLUFF.
He Asked for a Second Warrant for
tbe Ballots and Was Sat Down
Upon Very Rudely.
The primary election of the Republican
party passed off quietly in this City yester
day afternoon, there being but one oppo
sition ticket, and that in the Thirty-sixth
Assembly District, engineered by Jack
McCarthy, ex-poiiceman.
Mr. McCarthy did not pan out a good
engineer. He had been given two dele
gates to represent his uninteresting inter
ests, but Mr. McCarthy's ambition soared
higher. He wanted to crow on the top
roost and so he put up an opposition
ticket and last night there was nothing
left of him but the tail feathers.
There were many good men on his
ticket, but the fact that ambitious Jack
flew the track had a tendency to.dump
them into that political purgatory tfnown
as "the soup." Like the man who visited
the Bowery with more money than brains,
they will never go there any more.
The following was the McCarthy ticket:
Jack McCarthy. W. H. Murphy. J. Car
roll, Charles White, i±. G. Foster, L. Sav
ace, Charles Duveneck, F. Crystal, James
Woods, J. Lorenz, H. Cieary, Robert
Thorp, Joseph Sheridan and C. H. Wedge
wood.
Club 1 in that district cast 1326
votes; Club 2 360 votes. In Club 1 the
reeular ticlcet received 726 votes and Mr.
McCarthy's ticket received 6. In Club 2,
McCarthy's stronghold, he received 258
votes to the regular's 102.
In the Fortieth District there occurred a
stirring incident. A quiet-iooking man
had cast his ballot for the regular ticket,
and had announced that fact rather con
spicuously in David Short's saloon, where
upon a stout man with a thick neck and v
red face reproved him. The voter smote
him on the terminal glare of his rubescent
proboscis and sat him bleeding on the
floor.
A friend stepped up and indignantly
protested. He received the blow in the
! right eye and sat down with an uphol
stered thud.
The third man approached the voter
and declared that such conduct was a
blank dashed shame. He was the re
cipient, as the society reporter would say,
in the left eye of the'fist of the voter, and
he broke a cuspidor with his left clavicle.
Then approached the third man. He
j deprecated war and advised arbitration.
! Just then a warclub made up of flesh and
i knuckles smote him on the kisser, and he
| fell raiher uneracelully, splitting the seat
of a chair with his chin.
The whole affair being politics, no ar
re*ta were made.
Early in the evening two emissaries of
Martin Kelly, boofiler and would-be boss,
appeared before Judge Campbell and de
manded a search-warrant for the ballots.
No reason beine given for this unusual
and illegal request, the Judge denied the
warrant.
It was simply a bluff, and showed the
desperate straits into which the fakers
have been driven.
The following is the complete list of the
delegates elected:
Twenty-eighth District— E. P. Peterson, E. \v.
, Haughy, Joseph Fritz Jr., J. E. O'Brien, I. f.
' Bryant, M. Cornyn, T. J. Denabey, 11. Loy.
j H. L. Elnfelut, J. Loney.
Twenty-ninth District— W. E. Mayhew,
j Thomas Fleming, J. P. Glynn, Charles Corv,
jD. J. Crowley, Thomas McDermott, Frank
j Quigr, Richard 11. Shea, M. Shaughnessy,
James Dune.
Thirtieth District— l. S. Cohen, C. Metzner
William Harrington, I. Erb, F. Dugan, 11. Ben
jamiu, H. Jacksun Jr., F. J. Doran, J. Horn, J.
Frtllon and J. Gallagber.
Tnirty-first District— C. 11. Clenr, John Good
win, George Buzzini, Charles Clements, John
McGlynn, J. B. Cole, J. Hines, John J. Houri
gan, P. Kerrigan, (j. Bloxam, T. Doherty.
Thirty- second District — Andrew Lange,
James Higgiuß, Al H. Cook, Richard Spreckols,
William Bellinger, John E. Heilmar, John A.
Cullen, A. F. Adam.', Samuel Hamilton.
Thirty-third District— William McHusrh, J.
A. C. Dierks, Charles Ratto, J. H. Welch, Henry
Lefman, A. H. Brown, B. HencJrlcWg, Dan
Lynch, K. J. Mitchell, F. J. Conn, A. fitimut-
Ben, George Taylor.
Thirty-fourth District— C. Mayero, Georso
Dieterle, F. D. Miller, W. M. Cashman, Ed
MoCormick, J. R. Kirby, J. H. Harney, H. D.
i Jxnv, J. E. Elkiugton, W. W. Whan, D. J.
Kellv, A. McNenaman. 11. G. Krasky, Harry
Beasly, C. W. Lingenfeioer, J. H. Mohier.
Thirty-fifth District— John D. Daly, D. A.
NewklXK, E. N. Torello, W. B. Coffey, H. F.
Collin, P. J. Smith.
Thirty-sixth District— P. B. Kagle, Patrick
Gray, William Wright, Fred A. Elliott, W. L.
Coles, Robert Ash, Alexander Smith, C. A.
Koyes, James Irwln, John Carroll, H. Murphy,
J. H. Moore, L. Savage. William Cook.
Thirty-seventh District— E. S. Salomon, C. O.
Burton, K. L. Cook, W. L. Allen, J. A. Watt, A.
J. Raisch, P. E. McCarthy. J. R. AlUen, C. H.
Ward, Frod Kggers, Morris Levy, Frank Cor
nyn, Jame9 A. Stephens, Joseph Feehan, M. J.
Sahlein, C. D. McC-owan, F. J. Merschcu.
Thirty-eighth district— D. K. Faktor, O.
Rot-mer, K. J. Root, H. Jacobs, M. Reardon, P.
A. Bergerot, James C. Bourbin, C. Z. Soule,
George Mathews, A. Dean, A. J. Barry, J. N.
Barcel, F. Koment, G. Hagedorn, George W.
Rone.
Tnirty-nlnth District— Louis Pockwitz, N. A.
Judd, Maurice L. Asher. Hugh W. Fraxer. Mar
tin fitevens, James G. Martin, Thomas F. Ma
nee, If. K. Jones, George Cawley, Louio Usher,
Thomas R. Hiding, George Strong, Charles F.
Breidenst«in, James R. Philips, George J.
Covey, C. K. Fairall, Arthur H. Piper, M. S.
Torres.
Forty - fourth District — Leopold Richter.
George Chodrick, Herman Sagehorn, Fred
Strohl, Justin R. Nerraniont, Eugenlo Cade
nassp, Mr. Tacconl, G. G. Camozzi, J. Dona
hue, A. C. Pistolesi, G. Hauser, E. C. Palmier!,
Joseph Demartini.
Forty-filtb District —James Carr, Thomas
Sheehnn, E. Valente, James Duffy, H.W. Lewis,
John McGeoußh. R. H. Graham, Joseph liar
betta, Jumes McNear, George Reltcrman.
The total vote aggregated 14,000.
A BEAUTIFUL SERVICE.
Dedicatory Services Held lv St. Joseph's
Church Last Night.
St. Joseph's Church, on Tenth street,
near Howard, was filled from the doors to
the altar last evening. The occasion was
the mission given by the FLedemptorist
fathers of St. Louis, Father O'Shea and
Father Mullane.
The mission began a week ago and will
last turee weeks longer. The first week,
devoted to married women, will end at 3
o'clock to-day. The second week, for
young ladies exclusively, begins at 10
o'clock this morning. The third week is
for the married men, and the last week
for the single men.
Last evening Father Mullane addressed
the married women, and in his discourse
pointed out to them their duties as
mothers and wives. He spoke with great
THE SAN ifiVIJMOi&CO CALL, SUNDAY, SiSFTJS3JtBJSK 30, 18y(5.
feeling upon the love that all should
have for the Blesse;l Virgin, the mother
of God. She, too, suffered all the pains of
mind and body that afflict the women of
modern times and, bavins suffered, can
feel for those who are in trouble.
Those who are In distress can and should
appeal to the Virgin who will intercede
with the Son.
At the conclusion about 500 younz girls
were dedicated to the Virgin, and, Father
Mullane requested that the little bouquet
of flowers tliat each carried be pressnted
at the shrine. The children presented a
very pretty picture in .their robes of pure
white.
AT ST. MATTHEW'S.
Annual Reunion of "Old Boys" of Dr.
Brewer's School Largely
Attended.
There was a large attendance at the an
nual reunion of the "old boys" of Dr.
Brewer's school at San Mateo yesterday.
The programme included a football game,
a luncheon, exhibition drill and dancing.
The football contest was between two
school elevens and resulted in a tie. Fol
lowing was the line-up:
Crothers Center Woolley
McMillin IMt guard... Henion (i-apt.*)
Curtiier Kight K"&rd La Motte
V. odriguez Right tackle liurmelst tr
Fredericks Kight tackle Hudson
O'Hrien Ijett end Sniijer
Wow ble Klkui end C. Bishop
Nichols Lefi half Geisser
JlaDley Right half A. Smith
Plotner Quarterback Galvez
Johnson (capt.) luliback J. Dickie
The contest, which was for a handsome
loving-cup, was stubbornly contested and
resulted, a3 stated, in a tie. J. K. Code of
Stanford was umpire, Marion SordyKe of
"Willows referee and John btowe of" &tau
ford timekeeper.
Luncheon was served in the dining-hall
and was followed by toasts, responded to
by the following "old boys" and friends
of the school: Earll H. Webb of San Frau
cisco, John Stowe of ilenlo Park, Rev.
George Wallace and Rev. J. B. Lincoln of
Kan Mateo and Major Andrew Kirk, N.
G. C. The drili was very creditable and
the "orders" included the promotion to
the rank of corporal of Cadet Privates
Worn ble, Judah and Galvez. Dancing
followed, and later the guests took the
trains for this City and San Jose.
ECONOMY DESIRED.
A Communication From the Gnnd
Jury to the Heads of Municipal
Departxneuts.
The Grand Jury, which adjourned sine
die last Thursday, addressed the follow
ing communication to the Assessor, Chief
of Police, City Jdali Commissioners, Board
of Education, Board of Election Commis
sioners, Corouer, County Clerk, Health
Officer, Tax Collector,- Superintendent of
btreets, License Collector and Sheriff:
Grand Jury Kooms, )
City and County of j?an i-'rancisco,>
Sepi. 17, 1890. >
Dear Sir: In view of the stre.tb ot the times
and the just demands of taxpayers for reason
able taxation, it Is earnestly suggested to you
by the Grand Jury that you use all possible
economy, care and discretion iv the adminis
tration oi the office and the duties with which
you have been charged by the citizens of this
City; that, without regard to the permission
given you by special laws made tt> meet
special emergencies, you refrain from the ex
erciss of any or all the privileges thereby ac
corded yon, except when your honest judg
ment tails you the publice service requires It.
Being the representative of the people, the
Grand Jury feels it Its duty and privilege to
ask your careful attention to this call on your
patriotism and sworn duty. Respecttully
submitted, Feask P. McLennan, Secretary.
The Grand Jury also sent a letter of
thanks to District Attorney Barnes fur
his assistance.
HIS HONOR WAS ANGRY.
Justice Gro?z nger Gives a Money*
Lender an Oral Casti
gation.
Cbarles Ebn's Reward for Charging
io Per Cent a Month on
a Note.
A sad story was told in Justice
Groezinger's court yesterday, and the tell
ing resulted in Charles Elm, a money
lender, being thoroughly "roasted" by
the bsneh.
The defendant is Mrs. Rose Madero,
who, with her hve children, lives at 12^6
Green street. According to the testimony
one of her children fell sick several
months ago, and beinc without funds to
purchase the medicines and delicacies
needed (or the little one, she decided to
borrow money on her scanty furniture
and sent for Ehn.
The money-lender came, and after listen
ing to her sad tale, in which she related
the story of her dyine babe and of her
great need, he consented to loan her $50 if
she would give l.im a note secured by a
chattel mortgage. Mrs. Madero accom
panied him to a notary, and there, not be
ine able to read or write, affixed herX
mark to a note in which she agreed to pay
10 per cent a mouth for the use of $50 for
ninety days.
the also had to pay the notary's fees for
making out the mortgage and note. Ehn
told her that all she must do was to pay
$5 i>er month, which she supposed would
pay interest and principal, her knowledge
of ligures being very limited.
The next day her baby died.
Wiih the assistance of one of her little
girls, who earns 40 cents a day in a factory,
she managed to pay $40 in $5 driblets, and
then to her astonishment was served
with the papers in a suit to foreclose the
mortgage, J. J. Kauer being the assignee
of the claim.
When the case came up yesterday the
attorney for the defendant begged for a
continuance often days stating that his
client had managed to borrow $35 and
would pay that down and the balance
within the time specified or allow the
furniture to go without further protest.
Ebn entered a vigorous protest, but was
brought to a sudden halt by the Justice,
who had been looking over the papers.
"This is simply an outrage and one
that I uhall Lot allow to go unnoticed,''
he said. "It aDpears from this complaint
that the assignor here Ehn charged this
poor woman 10 per cent per month for the
loan of $50 and that he now, alter receiv
ing $40 of his claim, de&irea to take her
few little belongings from her.
"It is- simply barbarous and it Is the
greatest shame that the law does not pro
vide a severe penalty for such proceed
ings. It is worse than robbery.
"I shall give Mr 3. Madera' thirty days'
time instead of the ten as asked by her
attorney and no interest will be allowed
either. Any jury in the land would have
given her a verdict, but under the circum
stances I am sorry to say I cannot."
Baseball To- Day.
At the California League baseball game to
day at 2:30 p. M., at the Sixteenth and Folsom
street grounds, the Use-up will be as follows:
Imperial*. Positions. Oak lands.
K. Smith,.... Third base Keener
J. Kher renter field "Wallers
Wilds ...First base.'. Donayan
Kelly.'. Pitcher Bus«eu
Muher Left Held Bb ea
Magee... K.eht Held '....Davis
Ward .....Catcher.. ..Aenew
Tlllson Shortstop ...Arlett
Creamer Second base... Walton
i Following Is the line-up of to-day's Presidio
game: .
Company A. Position. , Company F.
Mi11iard...... ..'. Catcher.. Corcoran
Hubbert '.. l'itcher.: ... .; Borland
Buyiu ." Kirs i b»5e.. ....... Moore
oolc Second base.... Nipper;
Kane..... ....Third base.... Gorman
K<l ward Short stop .....I/avis
MiCormiclc ....Left Held ........Bower
Hart Center Held Klley
A1u1iu11y...... ........81gut fleia. ....Brown
OLD VETERANS
AT THE FAIR
Pioneer Firemen Give an
Interesting Fire
Drill.
GERMAN NIGHT COMING.
How a Quiet Flirtation Was
Suddenly Brought to a
Sad End.
A GRAND ELECTRICAL DISPLAY
The Dairymen's Exhibit Attracting
Much Attention, Especially
the B g Cheese.
At no time since the Home Products
Exposition at the Pavilion opened the
doors to the public has there been such a
crowd as there was last evening. The
principal attraction was the exhibition
drill of the Veteran Firemen, who turned
out in full force to Bhow the people of to
day how they extinguished fires with the
old band-machine "Young America" in
years long gone.
The committee of arrangements con
sisted of the following veterans:
President Joseph F. Marshal, First Vice-Pres
ident Sleptien Bonner, Second Vice-President
George Barrilson, Third Vice-President \V. H.
Miller, Financial Secretary Gustav Poulmao,
Recording Secretary James Pennycoke, Treas
urer William Fahrenberg, Directors W. Rau
binger, Henry N. Kohn, Thomas Cornell. Al
Harris, Trustees F. A. Will, R. Harold and H.
J. Byrnes.
On Monday evening the Germans will
hold forth, the occasion beine known as
German night. Ail the German singing
societies in the City will be present, and
in tne grand choruses there will be 450
voices. Professor Franz Fischer will offi
ciate as leader. A special programme of
music has been rtrepared.
A quiet little flirtation that had been in
progress at one of the perfumery booths
was rudely spoiled yesterday afternoon
by the unexpected arrival of the ag
grieved wife on the scene. A well-to-do
appearing man, not very old and not very
young, hail been spending much time at a
booth in which was a young woman with
blue eyes and STrort blonde, curly hair.
He was leaning with a bicycle crook in
his back over the counter yesterday talk
ing to the charmer when the whack of an
umbrella acres* his spinal column caused
him to stand erect very suddenly. He
confronted a stoutly built, determined
looking woman who said: "So, sir; this is
the \? iy you worry your life away over
your business affair?, is it?"
The man looked desperately fooJish and
said: "Great Scott, Mary, don't make a
scene here. Let us go liome."
Thereis another small kick among some
of the exhibitors, and the trouble will
probably find its way into the Health De
partment. One of the local candy-dealers
has a concession to make and sell candy.
The discovery has been made that large
numbers of barrels marked "glucose,"
have been taken into the Pavilion und
made into candy.
The total vote to date on the most pop
nlar exhibit is as follows:
Johnsorj Locke Mercantile Company. 2390;
Joshua Hcinly Machine Works, "030; Crown
Flour Company, 1339; Rix Compressed Air
Mechine Company, 958; Tillmnnn & Bendel,
764; I.aumeistcT Milling Company, 460;
Union Iron Works. 470; W. P. Fuller & Co.,
405; Zan Bros., 509; Fishbeck A Ulootz, ii 43;
American Biscuit Company, 780.
Light, heat and power, all the product
of electricity, are shown to excellent ad
vantage in the display of the Edison Light
and Power Company at the fair. A num
ber of novelties are introduced in tha ex
hibit, and the visitors to the fair from day
to day rind much that is interesting and
instructive in the company's display. The
one feature that perhaps attracts the
greatest attention and elicits the most
comment is the methods shown for utiliz
ing electric power for cooking and heat
ing puiposes. Advances are made *o
rapidly in all branches of electrical science
that it will probably not be a very gre:it
while before electricity will be used for
cooking and heating purposes to the same
extent that gas is at present, and ulti
mately it may displaco all manner of fuel.
It is only a* question of cost, and each
year sees new inventions introduced that
keep reducing the cost of producing elec
tric energy. The greatest uses to which
electricity has been successfully applied
thus far are in the production of light and
power, and the Edison Light and Power
Company has a plant that enables it
to furnish to the residents of San Fran
cisco ail the eiectric energy that may be
required for any purpose. Electricity is
being utilized for power purposes more
and more each your, and the results are in
every instance extremely satisfactory. It
can be furnished in any quantity desired,
from one horsepower upward. It is
cheaper than steam power and is also
much safer, and it is these two very im
portant factois that have been chiefly
responsible for the adoption in this City
to such a large extent of electricity for
motor purposes.
At to the use of electricity for light
ing purposes comment is unnecessary, for
people are well aware of the many novel
as well as useful advantages that elec
tricity possesses over all known forms of
illumination. For cooking purposes elec
tricity furnishes the means for fitting up
an ideal kitchen. There is entire a Dsence
of dirt or nmell. It can be turned off when
not in use, and as soon as the current is
turned on an intense heat is the instan
taneous result. It has everything to com
mend it, and the display at the fair will
perhaps be the means of causing many
people in this City to see the advantages
to be gained by the use of electricity for
cooking, a circumstance which would na
turally result in the installation of numer
ous eJectric kitchens.
Many visitors to the fair are probably
not aware that the display ma.le by th«
Dairymen's Union of California is repre
sentative of one of the foremost industries
not alone of this State, but of the "United
States. The value of the dairy products
of the country each year are exceeued only
by the grain products, and therefore this
display is deserving of the greatest atten
tion. It is a magnificent exposition of
California's extensive dairy interests, and
in the display every county in the State is
represented. It is by far the finest and
most complete exhibit of the kind ever
made on tne coast, with the exception of
the display made by this same association
at the Midwinter Fair, where they received
the highest and special awards*on butter
and cheese. California creamery butter
has a reputation for excellence that is too
well established to require special men
tion. In the production of cheese Califor
nia now ranks with any of the Eastern
States, and it is due largely to the efforts
of the Dairymen's Union that such is the
case.
Great quantities of cheese are shown in
the disulay, and there is not a pound in
the entire lot that is not equal to the best
ever imported from the East. The center
of attraction of the exhibit ia a manimotn
cheese weighing 658 pounds. It is a j u u.
cream, made by the Cheddar process.
This it, a particularly delicious variety and
about all of this kind that is sold in this
market at present comes, from the East.
Tiie suciesa oi the Dairymen's Union in
the manufacture of this brand will enabie
them to supply the local demand and
thereby add materially to California's in
dustries. This display merits careful con
sideration on the part of visitors when
balloting for the best exhibit.
THREE SHOPLIFTERS.
The Police to Be .Employed in Running
Down Some Very Clever
Women Itogues.
For ten days past tne police have been
looking for three shoplifters who, it ap
pears, have managed to get away with
several hundred dollars' worth of goods.
Just how the scheme is worked is not
definitely explained, but that they have
worked successfully is admitted by the
parties mostly interested.
Nearly two weeks ago three women vis
ited the store of Davis Broa. and manaeed
to walk away with several articles of con
siderable value. They then turned their
attention to Hale Bros, and stole some
articles. Two or three times the trick
was turned, and then the proprietors
began to cast about for the guilty par
ties.
In the meantime other stores reported
similar losses, and the Retail Merchants'
Association held an indignation meeting.
It was determined to ask Chief Crowley to
appoint two special officers to visit the
various retail stores during each day, the
belief being that in this way the swind
lers would eventually be brought to jus
tice. The following gentlemen were
named as a committee to lay the matter
•before the Police Department : S. M. Levy,
J. 11. Martin, Samuel Weller and Leon
Samuels.
No special officers for the services re
quired have as yet been appointed by the
Police Department. In the meantime the
three mysterious women continue to get
in their work. It is said that during the
last few days they have visited several
K«arny-street establishments, securing
plunder of no little value. They work
singly and in pairs, but never as a trio.
Only once have they been seen together,
and that was at Hale Bros. So clever is
their work, however, that no one has as
yet been able to catch them in the act of
stealing. ■
LUMBER ATTACHED.
The Local Stock of an Everett (Wash.)
Concern in the Hands of the
Sheriff.
The Bell Lumber Company, of Everett,
Wash., a corporation carrying a heavy
stock of lumber in this City, was attached
yesterday in a suit filed at the instance
of the Central Lumber Company of
California, having headquarters in this
City.
The Bell Company had big contracts
with the local concern, which it failed to
fulltil, and the suit for $2375 was the re
sult.
The Bank of Everett is belieyed to be a
creditor of the company to a heavy
amount and attachments on the concern's
mills at Everett are said to be almost cer
tain. Bishop A Wheeler are the attorneys
for the plaintiff.
Two Brothers Missing.
The police were notified yesterday of the
disappearance of Arthur ami Fred Otes from
their home, 261}^ Clementina street, last
Tuesday. They told other boys that they were
going to pick hops either at Fresno, Pleasan
ton or San Leandro. Arthur is 14 years of age
and Frtd two years vounser. Art&ur was
dressed in a new suit of dark clothes and took
bis old suit with him, while Fred had on a
shabby suit of dark ciotbes.
THIS SON WAS UNFILIAL
W. Cron Jr. Charged With
Having Defrauded- His
Father.
Induced Him to Sign a Quitclaim
Deed to His Property Unaer a
Misrepresentation.
William Cron, an old and well-known
German citizen, through his attorney,
Alfred Fuhrman, began suit yesterday
against his son, "William Cron jr., to re
cover property worth $20,000, which the
old man alleges his son secured from him
by fraud.
The old gentleman is 68 years of age and
only brought the suit against the son be
cause of having by the son's act been re
duced almost to want.
Cron was for many years engaged in the
butcher business, but, having amassed a
competency, retired several years ago.
He secured from James Boardman a lease
for twenty years of a lot in Oakland, upon
which he built a house, giving his son a
deed for a half-interest in the same. The
lease ana improvements were valued at
$20,000.
According to the complaint filed, the
son induced the old man to sign a paper
on the 13th of June. 1894, which he repre
sented to be a power of attorney in certain
li:isration he was then engaged in. The
paper was really a quitclaim deed to the
property, from the ownershiD of which
the old man has since been ousted, the
son claiming all the revenue.
The old man has been compelled to
open a small shop in South San Francisco
in order to make a living, and has finally
begun suit to recover his own.
Cron, the elder, has always been promi
nent among the German element and was
once t lie State grand president of the
ordor of Hermann Sons.
NEW TO-DAY.
arTyoiTalive
TO THE ENDLESS BARGAINS
Which, commencing To-Morrow, Monday, September 21. THE
CREDITORS OF J. SAMUELS will throw upon his counters, to
be sold at prices far below the actual cost of manufacture?
The Fall and Winter Importations of Mr. Samuels, that were in
transit at the time of his suspension, have arrived, and must be
sacrificed with the rest of his stock without discrimination.
LOOK AT THESE PRICES:
SILKS.
SPECIAL.
Elepant Silk Skirts, splendid value for
$10, for $4 95
Handsome Brocaded Silks, satin and
groa-grain grounds, for 7oc a yard
Beautiful Colored Figured Taffeta
Silks, worth $1 25 a yard, for. 6sc a yard
Choice Gloria Silks for 2oc a yard
UNDERWEAR.
WINTER IS ON.
Gents' Drawers and Vesta 25c each
Camels-Hair Drawers and Vests.. 4sc each
Hosiery— Gents'. Ladies' and Children's —
CUT IN HALF.
CALL AND SATISFY YOURSELF
That the above prices give you but a faint idea of the money
you can save by taking advantage of this sale of his entire
stock by
THE CREDITORS OF
J- SAMUELS,
104-106-108 KpARNY ST.
tTEVT TO-DAY
•'••■ Rattlesnakes, Butterflies, I
und ? ft
H dim .... _g|
/^^. Washington Irving said, he supposed a certain hill was called /^\
fjjp "RatUesnake Hill" because it abounded in — butterflies. The \^jj}
/^\ " rule of contrary " governs other names. Some bottles are, sup- /f^\
((HP posedly, labeled " Sarsaparilla " because they are full of ... well, Ij^P
/s§j\ we don't know what they are full of, but we know it's not sarsapa- /^s\
l^pf rilla; except, perhaps, enou^i for a flavor. There's only one (^p)
f^\ make of sarsaparilla that can be relied on to be all it claims. It's /*iik
y^W Ayer's. It has no secret to keep. Its formula is open to all (||P
/!% physicians. This formula was examined by the Medical Com- o^\
(||lp mittee at the World's Fair with the result that while every other \||P
/^, make of sarsaparilla was excluded from the Fair, Ayer's Sarsapa- /^^
\jMB rilla was admitted and honored by awards. It was admitted be- \||P
/lijv cause it was the best . sarsaparilla. It received the medal as the o^\
best No other sarsaparilla has been so tested or so honored. f|ip
-Good motto for the family as well as the Fair : Admit the best, /^\
rilla was admitted and honored by awards. It was admitted be- w|P
cause it was the best sarsaparilla. It received the medal as the /j^L
best. No other sarsaparilla has been so tested or so honored. |||P
Good motto for the family as well as the Fair : Admit the best, /Zss\
exclude the rest. (|gj
'181 ' Any doubt about it? Send for the " Curebook." .
It kills doubts and cure* doubters. v^i^/
rf^lJS Address: J. C Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass. $flf^
ATTORNEY COFFEY
KNOCKED OUT
Lawyer Noah F. Flood
Delivers the Violent
Blow.
POLICE COURT SCENE.
Coffey Was Addressing the Court
When the Assault Was
Made.
FLOOD PLACED UNDEE ARREST
Judge Campball Fined Him $100 for
Contempt aad Seat Him to Jail
for TwentvFour Eours-
Noah F. Flood, an attorney in the Par
rott building, created a scene in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday morning re
sulting in a fine of $100 being imposed
upon him and one daj-'s iniprisonm'ent in
the County Jail for contempt of court.
The case of Stephen Otis, stockbroker,
charged with felony embezzlement by
Mrs. Annie McManus, was being heard.
Attorney John J. Coffey represented Mrs.
McManus and he was on his feet address
ing the court when Flood came in. Flood
walked along till he reached where Mr.
Otis was seated. He whispered something
in Mr. Otis' ear nnd the stockbroker
pushed him away. Flood then addressed
the cr>urt, saying: "There's going to be a
knockout in this case."
The Judge thinking that he might have
been called into the case and imagining
that Flood meant to spring a motion to
brine the matter to a sudden close waited
lor Flood to proceed.
Coffey bad wheeled around and was
looking at Flood in a surprised way when
Flood shot out his right fist and struck
Coffey a violent blow in the face, which
staggered him and soon raised a lump
around his rignt eye.
A sxene of wild confusion enstred, but
the Judge promptly restored order. Flood,
who had evidently been drinking, realized
that he bad made a mistake and did not
attempt to repeat the assault.
"I will fine you $100 for contempt of
court," said the Judge to Flood, "and
order that you be imprisoned in the
County Jail for twenty-lour hours. Your
conduct is disgraceful. Take him away."
Policeman Coughlin and Deputy Bailiff ,
Harris grabbed hold of Flood and he
struggled fiercely to get away from them. '
In the struggle Flood was thrown to the
floor. He was jacked up and escorted out-
Bid* the courtroom, where Poiiceman
Fleming held him till Couehlin got his
hat. Flood tried to get back into thn
courtroom and Fleming had all he could
do to restrain him.
All the way to the City Prison Flood !
was abusive in his languace to Coußhlin,
and in prison he struck at him twice
while being searched, but Coughlin evaded
the blows.
After Fiood had left the courtroom Cof
fey apologized to the court for beinpr an
innocent party to such a disgraceful scene.
Out of respect to the court he did not
return the blow, but he was determined to
make Flood suffer for the indignity.
Coffey swore to a complaint charging
DRESS GOODS.
SPECIAL.
All-wool 40-inch French Serges f0r. ...
Stylish Materials, good quality
_ A••• • • • • •• • : 15c arid 25c a yard
Latest Novelties, Black and Colored
Full Dress Patterns, for.
13, $4 and |5 a suit
DOMESTICS.
SPECIAL.
$10 Blankets for $3 75 a pair
Table Linens from 20c a yard
Scotch Tennis Flannel .5c a yarU
Linen Craau 6c a yard
10c Muslin 5 C a van i
Flood with battery p.nd the warrant was
served upon him in the prison.
It was said that the enmity between
Flood and Coffey is of long standing, and
when in his cups Floot'. has on other occa
sions attemyrteil to chastise Coffey.
Attractive Catholic Lectures.
A series of three lectures for tbe benefit of
the Presentation Convent School, Powell
street, will be gi\ en at Metropolitan Temple
on the evenings of October 21. "J9, and Novem
ber 2C, when the following popular speakers
will deliver the addresses: Octob.-r 21, Rev.
F. Caraher, subject, "Danger to the Repub
iic"; October 29. Rev. P. C. Yorke, subject,
"Tta»» Church and Popular Education"; No
vember 20, Rev. V. W. Riardon, subject, "The
Constitution ot ihe Churcn." Season tickets
$1; single admission 50 cents.
Sued on a Note.
J. I. Macks has sued James A. Waymire for
$1000, alleged to be due on a promissory note
drawn in lavor of D. W. Grover, and dated
JnlySS. 189-J.
KEW TO-PAT.
" Schilling's Best tea is in
packages, sealed air-tight to
keep, full weight, and right.
It is cheap besides.
If you don't like it, your
■
grocer returns your money
in full — we pay him to do it.
A Schilling 4 Company
San Francisco BSS
'
i l^S Jffi&Mmsancuco' \
22 Geary St., Near Kearny.
250 PIECES
| lew Black floods
Embracing ail the very newest
weaves and effects. i
Fancy Weaves • $1 to $2.50 yard
Sew Sailings ■ 50c to $1.25 yard \
Novelties .--..• $9 to $40 suit j
The largest and most complete
stock at the lowest prices. -
L T. REMEDY COMPANY. |
. Telephone Grant 51S.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
■ STAMPED ON a SHOE means standard OF merit
ri $1.60.
BIG
CUT
IN
DOUGLAS
wJr \J \*J VJ P xiblkK*
SHOES.
I I 2_^ j^j 0
That h'Rh fence Interferes with our trade. N"»
out- can deny ilk It hurts us, and we have to sell
cheap to do business. This weelc we will sell
uouclas' Boys' arid Youths' Button or Lace Shoes
below cost. Almost giving them away. Special
price 81.G0. reduced from $2. Sizes In Button
•shoes from 11 to 5%; sizes in Lace Shoes from
11 to -His-
AHA
BPKClAli— Ladles' Pon cola Kid Oxfords, square
, or pointed toes and V-shaped patent leather tips,
1 solid wearers, sizes 2% to 5, reduced for this weeic
from »1.5U to 75c. Every pair guaranteed.
JKT Country orders solicited.
M&" send for .New Illustrated Catalojaa.
Address • ? -
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Streoti San Francisco,
78
ESTEE AT
SAN JOSE
Monster Republican Mass-
Meeting Addressed by
the Orator.
HE REPLIES TO SENATOR
WHITE.
An Expose of the Democratic
Leader's Compact With
Cator.
ASSEMBLED VOTERS DISPLAY
ENTHUSIASM.
William A- Bowden, a Life-Loug
Democrat, Presides Over the
Gathering.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 19.— An immense
Republican mass-meeting was held in this
city this evening. Hon. Morris M. Estee,
the orator of the occasion, was escorted to
Hale's Hall by the uniformed Flambeau
:orps of the Santa Clara County Republi
can League and a delegation from the col
ored McKinley Republican Club of this
city. The crowd along the line of march
was enthusiastic and there were frequent
bursts of applause. The members of the
Flambeau Club, which is known as the
McKinley Battalion, made a fine appear
ance and went through many neat mili
tary evolutions in a masterly manner.
Hon. M. M. Estee replied to the mis
statements made recently by Senator
Stephen M. White in a speech in this city.
The speaker made numerous telling points
and his address was frequently interrupted
by applause.
The great demonstration of the evening
wa? when William A. Bowden. a life-long
Democrat and Democratic candidate for
District Attorney two years ago, was in
troduced as charman of the meeting. As
the convert came upon the stage there
was long continued applause, followed by
three cheers for the chairman. Mr. Bow
den made a brief address, in which he
said:
Fellow-citizens, both Democrats and Re
publicans : 1 am not accustomed to addressing
niass-ineeUngs of Republicans. I have for
v*>ars past been on the other side, bnt I have
reformed. It is usually a difficult thing for a.
iriim to >ever old connections. It is hard to
st.'c that the party to wiich he has become at
tached is for another and an obnoxious cause.
The reflecting citizen, whether man or
woman — and I think in this campaign the
women must be considered— will agree with
me that the man who has worked withaparty
in defeat and victory becomes Attached to its
name, and it is hard to break from it; when a
man takes that step it should be when lie has
sutufied hinixelf that unusual danger threat
ens the country.
That danger now confronts every man and
every woman who have hitherto placed their
faith in the Democratic party. The Chicago
platform repudiates all good Democratic prin
ciples and all good Republican principles.
It goes back on all principles of a republi
can form of Government. All that it offers is
hope, and people cannot live on that. The Re
publican standard-bearers and Republican
principles give you something which no man
or party can repudiate.
I believe that my sentiments are those of
most of the Democrats of Santa Clara County.
Good consistent citizens, Democrats and Re
publicans alike, are bound to view this situa
tion as intelligent citizens should view it. I
am satisfied that they will do this, and that
the votes of the farmer, the workingman and
the business man will be cast for the apostle
of protection— William McKinley of Ohio.
It is now my pleasure and pride as a con
vert to Republicans to present to you, not a
gentleman irom San Francisco, Los Angeles,
San Jose or any other section, but Hon. Morris
M. Estee of California.
.Mr. Estee was greeted with prolonged
cheers. He said in part:
Senator White makes mv financial speeches
the feature of his efforts. I feel congratu
lated; he compliments me overmuch. He
quotes from a speech I made a year or two ago
in this city. The first quotation so made by
the Senator is as j allows: "That people which
has the largest amount of good money in
circulation has the most potential instrument
of trade and commerce, and consequently is
the most prosperous. That is so because all
the values of property are fixed by money,
and when there is a good deal of money in
circulation property sells at a better price
than when there is little." That is good doc
trine. I believe every word of it, and I have
yet to see the Republican, or any other honest
man, who does not believe it. If there is any
one who is not in favor of the largest amount
of good money, outside of Senator White's
party, I want to see him. The trouble is that
if Senator White's party does not want the
largest amount oi good money then they must
want the largest amount of bad money, for
tl:ey always want money. I challenge the
Senator, aud I challenge ail other Popocrats,
to find one word that I have ever said, to find
one expression in any Republican platform,
State or National, that did not and does not
favor good money ana the largest possible
amount of it.
The Senator was so pleased with the result
of his first quotation from my speech that be
proceeded to quote further from me, and did
so for fully half an hour. His next quotation
reads as follows: "It being admitted that an
abundance of good money is beneficial, and
that there is a great deal of silver money in
use we next inquire, 'Is silver a good money?'
The answer is, There is not enough gold money
in circulation to carry on business and to sus
t*in public and private credit and to maintain
the prices of products, and so we must have
silver.' "
Every word of that is true. But our friend
Senator White did not tell you that when
we commence coining both foreign and
American silver free that it will not be good
money, and that it will not circulate. He
would open our mints to the foreign silver, as
he and his party have opened our ports and
our markets to the products of foreign cheap
labor, and thus destroy the value of American
silver, as he and his party have destroyed the
products of American labor. It goes without
saying that an abundance of good money is
beneficial to v country or to a man who pos
sesses it. This is too plain a proposition lo in
spire a doubt. American silver is good money
now, but it will be worthless money when we
coin Chinese ana Indian silver free and in un
limited amounts.
We now have in round numbers .$600,000,
-000 in gold and we have a littie over #(500,
-000,000 in silver, every dollar of which is in
terchangeable for a dollar of gold; aud we
have also many hundreds of millions of paper
money, every dollar of which is interchange
able for a dollar of gold or a dollar of silver
money, and so long as the parity of value of
American paper.gold and silver money remains
then American silver, gold and "paper money
will continue to be good mone*-. But when
ever you open the doors of American mints to
the unlimited coinage oi both American and
foreign silver, at a time when that silver is
worth but 53 cents on the dollar, you will not
only bankrupt the Nation, but you will bank
rupt every man who has a dollar to lose, or
who hopes to earn a dollar by his toil, because
silver money will not then have a purchasing
value, and by reason of its cheapness it will
drive all other money out of use and we will
nave silver monometallism.
Allow me to quote briefly irom part of that
silver speech of mine which Mr. White and
whict his party neglected to quote. I would
not do this but for the reason that the Senator
would make it appear that we had changed
our views on the silver question. What we do
say is: That since Mr. White and his party
have destroyed our industries we must restore
confidence before we can have pro:-perity;
that we cannot restore confidence by making
cheaper money, and paying gold debte in sil
ver; 'that we are now confronted with new
conditions; that we cannot now us« the money
we have; that the party that has destroyed
our industries will also destroy our financial
system if they get a chauce; that free trade
linked with free silver is no remedy for the
present hard times, and will result in national
Bankruptcy. We are opposed to silver or gold
monometallism. We believe that the free
and unlimited coinage of silver is not now an
adequate remedy for the hard times caused by
the Democratic tariff legislation.
That for the country to be prosperous our
exports should exceed our imports, and our
foreign Indebtedness would thus be paid by
our foreign balances, and American money
would then remain at homo. That we must
set labor to work at fair wages. That to do
this we must fire up the furnaces in our mills,
start the wheels ot cur machinery, protect
products of the farm ana maintain our home
markets against unfair foreign competition.
When we do this we will have good times, and
with good times will come a larger use ior
money, and then confidence will be restored,
and all this will result from protection.
Senator White is altogether the ablest among
the Popocratic speakers now traveling through
the State. He represents that party and its
policy more than any other man. Six months
ago be was a Democrat. He was then for free
trade only. He voted for the Wilson bill and
%cc raw material. He is vow for free silver
and free trade. He then adored Cleveland,
and he now opposes him. Up to the day of tne
adjournment of the Senate in June of this
year, he sustained Mr. Cleveland and his ad
ministration, gold bonds, gold policy and all.
He was on the Finance Committee of the
Senate and he did not even object to the issue
of gold bonds, although he had an opportunity
to do so. He now indorses the platform which
claims to oppose their issuance and is in favor
of paying them in silver. Up to the time of
the adjournment of Congress ho was the main
support, the bulwark of Cleveland's adminis
tration. Cleveland was a gold monometallist
and opposed to silver in every form; he knew
it when he supported him for President and
ever since then.
Ido not blame White. He was a Democratic
SenHtor; that is reason enough for his action.
Indeed, Senator White has for years looked on
complacently and silently at the wreck of a Na
tion's industries. That was the inevitable result
of his political principle?. He never once raised
his voice in the people's defense. He saw the
f»eople growing poorer and poorer; he saw the
aborers out of employment; he saw the Na
tion running into debt; property decrease in
value; the factories closed down; the products
of the farm and the farms themselves lowered
33 per cent in value and 42 per Cent of Ameri
can workers out of employment; and his ouly
answer was his affirmative vote on thtf Wilson
bill and free trade.
Four ye.irs ago it was my privilege to speak
with Senator White on the tariff issue. He
then told you, and he told the people every
where, if we adopted the Democratic prin
ciple of tariff reform and put raw material on
the free list, we would prosper. His whole
argument was made upon the theory that
"protection was a fraud." The Democratic
platform so declared, and he indorsed that
declaration. He demanded free raw material,
free wool, free truit, free grain and cheap for
eign goods. He told the laboring man that
American labor could take care of itself. That
is what he now says about American finances.
And he said in so many words, "American
laborers could do one-third more work than
any other people," a,nd thus he argued If they
would only work harder they would be all
right; that we did not need protection. And
he said to the people, after admitting our
prosperity, that "we had prospered in spite
of protection." At that tjme I told you if the
Senator's theories of government were carried
out ruin would fall upon our country; that
the value of labor would b? lowered ; that the
price of products would be largely decreased ;
that money would become scarce; that the
poor would be the chief sufferers, and, in a
word, that protection would alone secure
American prosperity, and free trade would re
sult in American ruin.
What I said has proved true. My friend
White now admits that he was wrong in the
past because he now refuses to sustain the ad
ministration he helped to elect. After failing
in his promise of four years ago he hunts up
the silver question, with the addenda of repudi
ation and the Chicago platform, although for
four years he has sustained a gold Democratic
administration and never once complained.
He never mentions protection or iree trade
| now. He groposes to remedy present con
j ditions by coining free — either Chinese or
: American — silver. He forgets the prorai*--s of
! the past. He intimates, without saying it,
: that ne was young and inexperienced then.
i He is four years older and many years wiser
now. He was then for Cleveland and reform.
! He is United States senator aud of right can
change his principles to suit his following. I
jdo not blame him lor that. He wants another
{ term in the Senate. I think he is sincere. He
! knows his political principles have been bad
and his party associations worse, and if he
does not likehis party why shouldn't he leave
it t Biit it looks a little suspicious for a states
mnn to cry, "Stop, tiiief!" to everybody else
; while he is getting away with the plunder. In
! this instance the plunder is the offices. Ido
! not mean this as a criticism, but simply as a
\ historical fact.
The Senator has an idea to the main chance,
and po he combines with Mr. Cator, the Pop
ulistic cai.dulate for the Senate, at the same
time that he changes his politics and saves
the finances of the country. Cator & White,
White & Cator— twin relics of old parties.
This is the programme: Cator is to have all
the Democratic Assemblymen this year, White
the hold-ovet Senators next year and the peo
ple a few of the Superior Judges. The marvel
is that the people get anything under this ar
rangement.
The people can see how our friends are sav
ing the country. I don't blame them for be
ing ambitious, but what 1 do blame them for
is that they should imperil tne peace of so
ciety, the industries of the country and the
honor of the American name to if-atify their
political ambition. I like White and I do
think by reason of his extreme youth he has
been led into this unfortunate alliance.
Observe the situation : The following circu
lar letter sent out to the good people of the
State explains itself. I quote from the Exam
iner of Sunday morning, September 13,
1896. The Examiner says the following is a
sample copy of these letters that Mr. Cator has
been sending out:
San Francisco, Sept. 9, 1896.
My Dear Sir: There are Assemblymen and
Superior Judges to be elected in L'ouuty.
The Democrats generally are giving us the Assem
blymen for the Supeiior Judges, and they are sat
isfied with my contest tor Senator, in view of my
long services for the cause of silver. Last night
you were elected a member of the Stat silver
Campaign Committee of California. It would be
agreeable to that entire committee, as well as to
the Democrats generally, if you would make this
arrangement.
I leave for Bakprsfield to-Dight, and hope to
learn on my return that you have used your good
offices in this matter. Very sincerely,
Thomas V. Catob.
We repeat, Mr. Cator is the Populistic candi
date for the Senate this year; he wants the As
semblymen. Senator White is to be the candi
date for Senator two years from now; he wants
the hold-over Senators; the people are not in
it. This is a most pleasing free-silver arrange
ment, but to the suffering producers it would
seem to be more for free offices than for free
silver. It is an attractive combination for
the two candidates for the Senate. A thought
ful man might well inquire, "How will this
benefit the people?" Both gentlemen are
free-traders, both for free silver and both for
free offices. There is success in this arrange
menttothem, but poverty and want to the
people.
The only thing now necessary for these
worthy gentlemen to do to make easy sailing
Is to so attract public attention by pointing
out how bad the wicked Republicans are that
no one will notice their own shortcomings
They at least are inconsistent.
The remainder of Mr. Estee's speech
embraced a logical presention of Republi
can arguments for protection and an
honest currency.
MODESTO CO NVENTION.
Jirpublicavs of Stanislaus County Horn-
mate a Ticket.
MODESTO, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Repub
lican County Convention was called to
order by J. C. Needham, chairman of the
County Committee. G. T. McCabe of
Knights Ferry was made temporary chair
man of the meeting, C. H. Campbell of
Ceres temporary secretary and G. H.
Blacker assistant secretary.
L. L. Dennett was nominated for Su
perior Judge by acclamation. The follow
ing nominations for Supervisors were
made: First District, R. G. Benson; Sec
| ond District, Matthew Moyle; Fifth Dis
trict, William Love. The four delegates
to the Assembly are: G. T. McCabe,
Knights Ferry; Dr. A. Wood, Modesto;
Guy Kilburn, Newman; O. McHenry, Mo
desto. Members of the County Central
Committee were selected, and organized
with the selection of C. T. Elliott for chair
man and W. K. McMullin secretary.
BITTER FIGHT AT STOCKTON.
The LU> Repeatedly Passed in a Conven
tion of I'opuHstn.
BTOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. 19.— San Jo»
-quin County Populists met in convention
here to-day and indorsed Marion de Vries,
the Democratic nominee, as their candi
date for Congress. In making nomina
tions for county offices there was consider
able difficulty in securing desirable
candidates, as the fight between tue
American Protective Association repre
sentatives and the old-line Populists
waxed warm. In the tight for the nomi
nation for the Third Supervisorial District
the rivalry became so bitter that when
James West declared that "No man can be
j an A. P. A. and be a square man," the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
words "You lie! You lie!" came from a
dozen throats and for a time pandemo
nium reigned. The chairman nad great
difficulty in preserving order. Tne anti-
American Protective Association candi
date won.
The same fight was made when nomina
tions for the Assembly were announced.
Rev. W. H. Briggs, the American Pro
tective Association candidate, and E. N.
Pierce were the rivals for the nomination.
Pierce was successful, after an ugly right,
in which some hard shots were fired irom
both sides. "•••
SALT LAKE'S FUCK CONVENTIONS.
Free-for-All Fight in a Gathering of
Silrer J>rpubllcans.
SALT LAKE. Utah, Sept 19.— This
was a day of conventions in this city, no
fewer than four being held — two Republi
can, one Democratic ana one Populist.
The latter two were for the nomination of
county officers and passed off quietly.
One of the Republican conventions was to
elect delegates to the McKinley Republi
can State Convention, to be held on Sep
tember 28, and the other to name dele
gates to the Silver Republican Conven
tion. This gathering was an exceedingly
lively affair. The committee on resolu
tions brought in two reports. The ma
jority recommended that the delegates
elected on Friday by the independent or
third wing of the Republicans be chosen
as delegates to the Silver Republican Con
vention and the minority's report recom
mended that the convention proceed to
elect deleeates in the usual manner.
This precipitated a fiefht on the adoption
of the reports and for a while pandemo
nium reigned. Ardent silver men jumped^
onto the platform and seizing a large por
trait of Major McKinley which adorned
the chairman's table, proceeded to tear it
to pieces. The McKinley followers rushed
to the rescue of the picture and a free
light followed, which the serjeants-at
arms were powerless to stop. Finally
some of the ringleaders were ejected from
the hall and peace was restored. The mi
nority report was adopted by a large ma
jority and the business of electing dele
gates proceeded without interruption.
SAN MATEO DEMOCRATS.
George H. Buck Renominated for the Su
perior tTudgeship.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Democratic County Convention was held
in this city to-day. The platform and
nominees of the Chicago convention were
indorsed, as was that of the Sacramento
convention, especially that part assuring
to the citizen the full enjoyment of re
ligious and political liberty. For Su
perior Judge George H. Bin:k, the incum
bent, was nominated. Archer Kincaid
was given the nomination for Assembly
man. For Supervisors P. H. McEvoy of
Menlo Park, Jacob Bryan of Colma and
Joseph D-benecletti of Halfmoon Bay
were chosen. \V. J. Savage, F. Mahan,
W. B. Casey, G. E. Daniel, James McCor
mick and George W. Fox were appointed
delegates to the joint Senatorial conven
tion to be held at Santa Cruz next Satur
day. The election of a County Central
Committep, consisting of James McCor
mick, R. McCabe, E. D. Moore, M. Whe
lan. D. Dalej'. C. Barbeau, W. O. Booth,
G. O. Roussell, J. R. Walker, George D.
Greeley, John Solen, J. M. Davis, Edward
Campbell, Herman Schultz, John Kyne
and H. C. Hall, concluded tne work of the
convention.
Josepti P. Kelly, Democratic nominee
for Congress, was present, but was not
called upon for a speech. It is reported
that his mission here was to tret the in
dorsement and moral support ol the con
vention.
LOS ANGELES CAMPAIGN.
Members of the Republican County Ex
ecutive Committee Earned.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 19.— At a
meeting of the nominating committee
this afternoon the following gentlemen
were selected to serve on the Republican
County Executive Committee:
First Supervisorial District— John S. Cox,
Pasadena; J. W. Springfeld, Pomona; C. E.
Slauson, Monrovia.
Second District— R. E. Drummond, Ninth
Ward; L. F. Moss, Fourth Ward; Wilber O.
Dow, Sixth Ward.
Third District— C. E. Donnatin, Second
Ward; J. W. Vaugtin, Fourth Ward; W. H
Cook, Tnird Ward.
Fourth District— sj> C. Demo, Long Beach;
J. C. Rives, Downey; J. B. Neville, Seventy
fifth Precinct.
Fifth District— W. R. Sargeant, First Ward;
A. J. Gwln, Lankershim; Howard Longley,
G&rvanza.
Louis E. Thorn was appointed secretary.
SANTA CLARA NOMINEES.
Morehouse, Malcolm, Kelsey and Arne
rich for the Legislature.
SAN. JOSE, Cal.. Sept. 19.— The Repub
lican County Convention was held in this
city to-day. There were a large number
of delegates present, and several candi
dates for many of the offices, but the pro
ceedinjjs passed off quietly. The follow
ing candidates were nominated: W. G.
Lorigan and J. R. Patton for Superior
Judges, Hon. H. V. Morebouse for State
Senator from the Thirty-first District; N.
B. Malcolm of Palo Alto, Assemblyman
from the Fifty-fourth District; J. D. Kel
sey for the Fifty-fifth District, M. Arne
rich lor the Fifty-sixth District. For Su
pervisors the following were nominated ;
Second District, ex-Mayor Paul P. Austin:
Third District, Fred Stern; Fifth District,
S. F. Ayer.
RIO rtSTA CONTENTIONS.
Nominations Made by Solano Republi
cans and Democrats.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 19.— For the first
time in the history of Solano County the
Republican and Democratic county con
ventions were held at the same time and
place. Rio Vista, a little town on the Sac
ramento River, had been selected.
The following nominations were made
by the Republican Convention: J. J.
Lucbsinger of Vallejo for State Senator,
Alden Anderson of fciuisun for Assembly
man, A. J. Buckles of Fairfield (incum
bent) for Superior Judge.
In the Democratic Convention, Raleigh
Barcar of Vacaville was nominated for
State Senator, Joseph C. Ed^ecumbe of
Vallejo for the Assembly and Matt Clarken
oi Benicia for Superior Judge.
PERKINS AT DOLLISTER.
Dwells Upon Finance and the Need of
Protection,
HOLLISTER. Cal., Sept. 19.— Senator
Perkins opened the campaign in San
Benito County this evening, addressing
the largest political gathering ever held in
Hollister. The Opera-house was full to
overflowing and the Senator nad the at
tention ol his audience to the end.
He invited criticisms of his record in the
Senate upon silver or any other question,
promising to freely answer. He believed
in returning an account of his steward
ship.
Senator Perkins' remarks were devoted
to a full exposition of the financial ques
tion and the necessity of protecti^fc legis
lation, and closed with an appeal to the
young men to cast their first vote with the
party of Lincoln, Grant and Blame.
SENTIMENT AT STANFORD.
Ten Educators Favor McKinley to One
for Bryan.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
19. — Professor J. C. Branner, the head of
the geological department here, has con
cluded a rather interesting bit of political
statistical work. Being interested in the
campaign from a specialist' 3 point of view,
he was desirous of ascertaining the true
feeling of the Stanford faculty on the
money question. The result of the can
vass resulted as follows: For McKinley
60, Bryan 6, undecided 7, unknown 5.
Those favoring McKinley number all the
heads of the departments, with but one
exception, that of a professor from Ne
braska, who votes for Bryan for personal
reasons, and not because he is a believer
in cheap money. The nnmber includes
President Jordan, ex-President Harrison,
Professor Andrew D. White and Dr. Amos
G. Warner, head of the department of
economics.
Of the six for Bryan it has already been
mentioned that one will vote for him on
personal grounds. Another gives similar
reasons. He is an old acquaintance of
Bryan's and while a believer in sound
money will vote for the Popocratic nomi
nee in remembrance of past friendship.
Professor Branner has always been a
Democrat and is a believer m the free
trade doctrine, but he is convinced that
the money plank of the Chicago conven
tion is absolutely wrong, so he will cast his
vote for McKinley, believing that is the
only way to be true to the best and most
important interests of the country. Dr.
Branner says this is true of a number of
his colleagues. Of the seven doubtful ones
a majority have hitherto voted for Dem
ocratic nominees, but their adherence has
been shaken by the platform adopted by
the silver Democrats, and they are con
sidering the advisability of voting for Mc-
Kinley on election day. It will be seen
that at the least tne vote of the Stanford
faculty stands more than ten to one in
favor of William McKinley of Ohio, and
that the men who think most on such
questions are the ones who are over
whelmingly in favor of the proposed Re
publican money policy.
STOCKTON'S CAMPAIGN OPENS.
Masonic Hall Crowded by Enthusiastic
. Republicans.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. 19.— The Re
publicans opened the local campaign to
night with a monster meeting in Masonic
Hall. From 7 o'clock until a late hour
bonfires burned on the plaza and bombs
and anvils were fired.
It was planned to hold the meeting on
the plaza, but the inclement weather pre
vented, and so Masonic Hall was secured.
Long before the hour of the opening the
galleries were packed, and before 8 o'clock
there was not a seat to be obtained on the
ground floor.
The speakers were Hon. R. P. Carpenter
and E. S. Lippett. The McKinley Club of
thia city, headed by a band, marched
from the depot through the principal
thoroughfares in torchlight procession,
the first political parade that has been
seen in Stockton.
In the line of march were some of
Stockton's foremost citizens. They did
not shout, but they were an earnest lot.
When they arrived at the hall it was
filled and it was hard work for the mem
bers of the McKinley club to find seats.
M. S. Thresher was chairman of the
meeting and Dr. C. L. Ruggles introduced
Senator Carpenter as the principal speaker
of the evening. His address was enthu
siastically received. Back of the stage
were draped the stars and stripes, on
which were written the call, "Vote for the
eleventh amendment." Miss Susan B.
Anthony Bpoke for some time on this
amendment, which will come before the
voters of California next November.
DARRIS AT PASAD ENA.
The Sound- Money l>emocrat Addresses a
Large Gathering.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 19.— A McKin
lev meeting of especial interest was held
this evenine at the Republican Wigwam.
Tlie principal address was delivered by
W. A. Harris, a prominent attorney of
Los Angeles and a life-long Democrat,
who made a stirring and eloquent appeal
for sound money.
The occasion was further notable as the
Americus Club made its first public ap
pearance, wearing new uniforms of strik
ing beauty. A procession that passed
along the business streets was headed by
the Pasadena band and the Americus
Club drum and fife corps. This club is the
only organization of the kind in Southern
California, and the uniforms are pictur
esque, being of white duck, trousers,
jackets and caps trimmed in yellow and
yel.ow leggings. The "boys" "are 100 in
number.
The attendance at the Wigwam was
the largest of the campaign season. Hun
dreds were turned away. Edward Lo
cnett. cuairman of the local Republican
committee, presided, and G. A. Gibbs,
Esq., introduced the speaker.
SANTA COUNTY NOMINEES.
Republicans Declare in Favor of Con
ant for Assemblymmn.
REDDING, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Repub
lican County Convention to-day was the
most enthusiastic ever, held in Shasta
County, S. Witherow, a prominent edu
cator, chairman. The platform was one
ringing with patriotism to party and
country. Senator Perkins', Congressman
Barham's and State Senator Gleaves'
course was indorsed.
Hon. Edward Sweeny was nominated by
acclamation for Superior Judge. Sweeny
is the incumbent. Supervisorial Districts
1, 3 and 4 nominated R. G. Harvey, Reu
ben Baker and J. S. Smithson, respec
tively. As tne County Central Executive
Committee, A. F. Fos?, chairman; J. M.
Gleaves. secretary; J. E. Reynolds, treas
urer, were chosen. The delegates to the
District Assembly Convention, to meet at
Burney Valley, Shasta County, are:
Frank W. Smith, J. W. Brown, E. Carter,
C. Overmeyer, C. Tracie and R. Baker.
The convention recommended that the
delegates cast the; vote of Shasta County
for W. R. Conant for Assemblyman.
ORANGE REPUBLICANS RALLY.
Political Meeting Under the Auspices of
a McKinlry Club.
ORANGE. Cal.. Sept 19.— 1t was an
earnest meeting that James 6. Gray,
president of the McKinley and Hobart
Club, called to order last evening, when
patriotism, protection and prosperity
were expounded. The attendance was
larce, and nearly every shade of political
belief was represented. Addresses were
made by J. W- Ballard, Republican nomi
nee for Superior Judge of this county, and
E. E. Keech, who for several past cam
paigns hns been the Prombition nominee
for District Attorney, both residents of
Santa Ana.
During his speech Ballard said that we
had a financial system as good as any on
earth and should keep it. If we had any
thing to sell and the people wanted it,
there was money enough to buy it with.
He quoted Stephen M. White as having
said that free coinage of silver was an ex
periment and he was not sure of its out
come. Keech said that if free coinage of
silver was adopted every contract made
would come down to the " bullion value of
the metals, and there would be a gold
value and a silver value.
SAN BENITO REPUBLICANS.
Madison Finch dominated for Assem
blyman at Holliitter.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Sept 19. -The Re
publican county convention met here to
day. E. M. Hilis was chairman and N. C.
Briggs Jr. secretary. It was the largest
and most enthusiastic Republican gather
ing ever held in San Benito County, not
withstanaing there were no contests over
nominations. Th« platform enthusias
tically indorses McKinley and Hobart and
congratulates the party In that the free
silver heresy is fast fading away.
For Assemblyman Madison Finch was
nominated. He was formerly chairman
of the Democratic Uoaid of Supervisors.
jN.C. Brings was nominated for Superior
Judge. He has been a leading attorney
here lor twenty-five years. Delegates to
the joint Senatorial convention with Mon
terey County were instructed for Thomas
Flint Jr. John Breen. William Butts and
Fnihp Henry were nominated for Super
visors.
I>uchurorth's Tictorv at Monterey.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sept. 19 —Great in
terest was manifested in the Republican
primary, held here to-day to elect dele
gates to the county convention at Salinas
next Saturday.
In the First Precinct there was a spirited
contest between the friends of S. J. Duck
worth, who is anxious to be re-elected
Assemblyman, and the supporters of sev
eral otner candidates, but the Duckwortn
ticket won. as follows: T. J. Field. Juan
Malarin, Joseph Schulte Jr., William
Hunt, Ad Gunzendorfer, J. B. Sniveley
and Ernest Michaelis.
Combine Arranged, at Auburn.
AUBURN, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Demo
crats and Populiats held county conven
tions here to-day. The Populists in
dorsed the Democratic candidates for
Judge, State Senator and two Supervisors
and Marion de Vrtes for Congress. The
Democrats indorsed the Populist Assem
blyman and one Supervisor.
The ticket is as follows: Senator, to be
filled by joint convention of Placer and
El Dorado Democrats; Assemblyman,
Chris Runckel: Judge, J. E. Prewett; Su
pervisors—G. H. Colby, A. \\. Kenison,
John McAninch. Hon. Robert Ferral of
San Francisco addressed a Bryan and sil
ver meeting in the opera-house to-nieht.
Democrat* at Susanvilte.
SUSAN VILLE, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Democratic convention, which met here
to-day, indorsed the Chicago platform,
Bryan and Sewail, and made the following
nominations: Superior Judge, W. N.
Goodwin; Supervisor First District, T. N.
Long; Second District, H. H. Dakin;
Fourth District, J. K. Packwood. The fol
lowing were elected delegates to the con
vention of the Sixth Assembly District,
comprising the counties of Pluruas, Sierra
and Lassen: J. S. Church, D. Knoch, A.
J. Long.
Fusion in -\apn County.
NAPA, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Populist
and Democratic county conventions met
here to-day. Committees were appointed
on fusion with the result that C. La Rue
of Yountville (D.) was named for joint
Senator and George H. Rogers of Napa
(Pop.) for Assemblyman. The Democrats
nominated John York of Napa for Supe
rior Judge. The Populists did not nomi
nate, neither did they indorse any one.
The Democrats nominated C. Moser, A. J.
Raney and M. Vandeleur for Supervisors.
Santa Barbara Palmerites.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. 19.—
A petition was received here Monday from
the National Gold Democratic headquar
iars asking support for the Palmer and
Buckner Presidential ticket. Old-time
Democrats who have been alienated by
the Bryan silver combine have been fall
ing steadily into line, so that the paper
already bears the signatures of such men
as Joel W. Cooper, George 8. J. Oliver, E.
T. Summers, E. Sherield, William Lavies
and others of standing.
Colusa County Primaries.
COLTJSA, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Demo
cratic primaries passed off in this county
very quietly, scarcely more than half the
usual vote being polled. The main fight
has been for Superior Judee between the
incumbent, Hon. E. A. Bridgeford, who
has held the office for the past fourteen
years, and H. M. Albery. Tnereare nine
teen precincts In the county and all but
five have been heard from, giving Albery
a majority of 70.
■•
Sonoma's Fusion Assembly Candidate.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Populist County Central Committee to
day nominated John W. Keegan, a mer
chant of Santa Rosa, as its candidate for
the Assembly from the Sixteenth District.
The same nomination was made by the
Democratic Central Committee a few mo
ments after. Mr. Keegan will fill the
place made vacant by the ineligibility of
George W. Hoyle of Cloverdaie, the reg
ular nominee.
Will Rally at Redwood City.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept. 19.—Re
publican primaries were held in this coun
ty to-day and passed off quietly. The con
vention will be held next Thursday. On
that evening a grand rally and ratification
meeting will be held at Alhambra Thea
ter. Among the prominent speakers who
will address the meeting will be District
Attorney Barnes of San Francisco and
Congressman Loud.
Unsatisfactory Fusion in Kern.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Populist and Democratic conventions met
again to-day and fused by nominating J.
W. Mahon (Democrat) for Judge and E.
J. Emmons (Populist) for Assemblyman.
There is considerable dissatisfaction
among members of both parties, and it is
generally regarded that the fusion scheme
will materially help the Republicans.
Redding Hears McKinlay.
REDDING, Cal., Sept 19.— D. S. McKin
lay addressed a big nice; ing at Armory
Hall to-night, and made the roost telling
speech of the campaign. His present
ment of dangers of free silver and the
benefits of protection were applauded to
the echo. The meeting closed with cheers
for McKinley of Ohio and McKinlay, the
speaker and Presidentiel elector.
Combine in El Dorado.
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Democratic County Convention to-day se
lected a central committee with A. S. Bos
quit chairman, and James S. Richards
secretary. The Populist candidates nomi
nated two weeks ago, Davenport for the
Assembly and George F. Ingham for Su
perior Judge, are indorsed.
Ann Joaqtiin Democrat*.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 19.— After a
determined fight in the Democratic
County Convention to-day, State Senator
B. F. Langfcrd was renominated over W.
R. Jacobs by a vote of 116 to 112. For
Superior Judges, R. C. Minor and Judge
J. H. Budd were nominated.
Enters for the San Diego Race.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept 19.— Judge
George Puterbaugh of the Superior Court,
who was defeated in the Republican con
vention for renomination, to-day formally
consented to run independently, in re
sponse to a petition.
Swisler framed at Georgetown.
GEORGETOWN, Cal., Sept. 19.— The
Republican joint Senatorial convention
for Placer and El Dorado counties met at
Georgetown tnisatternoon and nominated
Hon. Charles A. Swisler of Placerville.
San Benito Populist Ticket.
HOLLIBTER, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Pop
ulist county convention nominated for
Assemblyman G. W. Cole; Superior Judge,
J. K. May; Supervisors, Henry Parry and
J. A. Scholeneld.
PET ALEM A SWISS CELEBRATE.
Parade, Sing and Dance Despite the
Ineletntnt Weather.
PETALUMA, Cal., Sept. 19.— A rainy
morning and cloudy sky served to
dampen the enjoyment to its fullest ex
tent of the Swiss celebration and kept
many visitors and participants away,
though withal there was a goodly crowd.
The parade was shortened in consequence
of the weather, and on forming headed at
once for the pavilion at Agricultural
Park led by Cassasa's band. There, after
an appropriate programme of vocal and
instrumental muse, opening remarks by
F. A. Meyer, an oration in Italian by
Signor G. A. Antognini and an oration in
English by Alfred A, Borlini, the re
mainder of the afternoon was passed in
dancing. The festivities were concluded
by a grand ball and entertainment at the
opera- bouse.
Will Wed at Mill Valley.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Sept, 19.— The
engagement of Miss Eva Cahill, daughter
of John Cahill of San Francisco, and
George D. Avery, C.E., the resident en
gineer of the water company, is an
nounced. The wedding is to take place on
November 10.
McCARTHY'S CASE
AT LOS ANGELES
San Quentin Yawns for
the Would-Be Bank-
Robber.
PROOF OF HIS GUILT.
A Confederate Tells in Court
the Whole Story of the
Conspiracy.
THE PRISONER TURNS LIVID.
Held to Answer for His Tunneling
Operations, With Bail Fixed
at $5000.
Los Angeles Office of The Call,)
328 South Broadway. V
Los Angeles, Cal., Sept. 19.)
The friends of John J. McCarthy, re
cently arrested on a Post-street car in San
Francisco for complicity in the famous
tunnel scheme to loot the vaults of the
First National Bank of this city, may as
well prepare to bid that gentleman a
"tearful adieu" for a season. After the
testimony of Fred L. Jones here to-day in
McCarthy's preliminary examination
there is no question but what the ex
pugilist is headed for San Quentin. For
once it seems the police and detective
force of this city were strictly correct in
asserting soon after McCarthy's arrest
that they had the ringleader in the tunnel
scheme and Jones has confirmed this "tip"
in detail.
A rumor had gone abroad that the prose
cution was to spring a sensation to-day,
and, therefore, Justice Morrison's court
was packed almost to the point of suffoca
tion. At the close of President Elliott's
testimony as to what he had found be
neath his bank's vaults, Deputy District
Attorney Williams in clear cold tones
said, "Bring in Fred L. Jones."
Jones is the saloon-keeper who con
ducted the "Spokane" saloon at the cor
ner of Commercial and Los Angeles
streets, which afforded the blind for the
operations of the tunnelers. As Jones
took the witness-chair McCarthy turned a
livid white, shook like a leaf and glared at
Jones, who sat only about six feet from
him.
Prosecutor Williams, after asking the
witness his name, age and place of resi
dence, put this question to him, "Do you
know anything about the digging of a
tunnel from the cellar of your saloon
under the vaults of the First National
Bank?"
"I do," replied Jones very coolly, as he
returned the savage glare of McCarthy
with a look of indifference.
The attorneys for the defense raised the
question of his having been offered in
ducements by the officers to make the
statement which he now seemed willing
to volunteer.
The court finally overruled the motion
of the defendant to exclude the testimony
of Jones and the witness was Instructed to
answer the questions put by the prosecu
tion.
"I met the defendant, John J. Mc-
Carthy, about one year ago. He came into
my place quite frequently and we soon
became friendly. Along in November,
1895, he first broached the subject of rob
bing the First National Bank. I was
about to close the saloon when we went
into a private room. He told me that he
had a scheme on foot which would net me
from $20,000 to $30,000. He said that all
that be wanted was the use of my cellar.
He said that there were a lot "of food
people in the scheme, claiming that one of
the men was employed in the bank, as well
as the owner of the building, and two good
attorneys who would stand by them in the
case of any trouble.
"I finally told them to go ahead. The
work was done principally at night after I
had closed up the saloon. All I knew be
sides McCarthy were Tom Campbell, Jim
Stevens and Jack Stewart. There were
others but I do not know their names."
After Jones' statement the officers
brought in the tools, consisting of picks,
grap-irons, shovels, chisels, two jack
screws, derricks, ropes, etc., which Jones
identified and stated tnat they were all
brought to his place by McCarthy and
Tom Campbell.
McCarthy was held to the Superior
Court with bail fixed at $5000.
GERMAN METHODISTS MEET.
Annual Conference Begins Its Seas ton at
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept 19.— The an
nual California conference of the German
Methodist Episcopal Church was opened
in the German M. E. Church on Fourth
street this morning. The first half hour
of the session was devoted to relizious ser
vices, led by Rev. H. Brueck of Oakland.
Bishop Foss was to have been the presid
ing officer, but owing to his indisposition
Rev. George Guth presided.
Reports from the committees on educa
tion, orphange asylums, Bible cause, mis
sions, temperance and tract cause were re
ceived and adopted. Dr. Thompson of the
American Bible Society was introduced
to and addressed the conference. A num
ber of ministers from this city and vicinity,
who were visitors at the meeting, were in
troduced.
Librarian Howird Missing.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 19.— Frank
Howard, law librarian of this city, a
well-known attorney, bade his wife and
children an affectionate good-by several
weeks ago and started on a trip to some
mines in San Bernardino County. Bince
then nothing has Deen heard of him, not
withstanding the fact that he is overdue
on his return long ago. His continued ab
sence and strange silence have naturally
caused the gravest apprehension on the
part of his wife, who confidently believes
that he has either met with foul play or a
fatal accident. In this emergency Sirs.
Howard gladly accepted the kindly offices
of a mining man, who is well acquainted
with the various mining districts of San
Bernardino County, and who started out
yesterday in search of the missing man.
FOR ESRVILLE FATALITY.
Lester Holloway of I'rtatuna Killed by
Hia Jtunaway 'leant.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 19.— 8y a
runaway accident near Foresiville yester
day Lester Holloway of Petalnma was al
most instantly killed. The Holloway
family were on their way to the Lester
ranch, the deceased being in a wagon and
his mother and sister preceding him in a
buggy. His team became unmanageable
in going down a steep hill, and he at
once called to the occupants of the buggy
to get out of the way, which they suc
ceeded in doing. At the foot of the hill
the wacon-tongue broke, throwing the
young man to the ground with great force.
He was greatly bruised and injured and
died in the presence of his agonized
mother and sisters. He was a former resi
dent of Cloverdale and Guernevilie, aged
25 years and unmarried.
tnsw To-bAT: '
WML ,
RADAM'S
MICROBE
KILLER.
Most Truly and Correctly Called
The Greatest Medicine
in the World.
A Wonderful Tonic and
Blood Purifier.
Although the world hes long sustained a
great "learned profession," whose special
function has been the cure of Human Disease,
there still exists a list of diseases termed "in-
curable" by "the faculty." CONSUMPTION,
CANCER, LEPROSY, SOFTENING OF THE
BRAIN, DISEASES OF THE KIDNEYS AND
HEART and certain others have defied the
pharmacopeia of the world and the skill of an
educated and trained profession, and have
continued to hurry their victims to premature
1 death.
Intelligent thinkers of modern times and
students of nature have recently become con-
vinced that a cure would ere long be found
for diseases hitherto considered incurable.
This anticipation has now been realized, and
Wm. Radam's Microbe Killer deprives Scrof-
ula, Consumption, Cancer, Leprosy, Gout,
Bright's Disease and Rheumatism, and all so-
called incurable diseases, of their terrors.
Thousands of sufferers who were regarded as
past hope have, by its use, been restored to
, health.
The marvelous curative power of Micbobb
i Killer has been incontestable proved, and a
large number of persons in this country have
in many cases been literally snatched from
the jaws of death and restored to the enjoy-
ment of healthy life, and they have gratefully
acknowledged the completeness of their cures
in the testimonials which they have civen.
Professor Tyndall, M. Pasteur and the most
eminent savants of the age agree, and it is
proved conclusively by the aid of the micro-
scope, that all diseases, no matter by what
name they may be : known, are caused by an
unhealthy condition of the blood. This unhealthy
condition arises from%n Invasion or infection
of the blood by living germs. Microbes,
Germs and Bacteria are the generating and
sustaining cause of all kinds of illness preva-
lent among our race. Professor Tyndall and
M. Pasteur advanced the theory that a pana-
cea for all disease would be found in the dis-
covery of an agent which, while being harm-
less to the human system, would be destruc-
tive to the animate germs of disease in other
words, would be a "man saver" by being a
"Microbe Killer." Such a panacea has now
been discovered by Wm. Radam and is known
as Wm. Radam's Microbe Killer.
The discovery is the outcome of a series of
scientific investigations, and its Microbe-
killing property may be iucontrovertibly dem-
onstrated by experiments.
Infection is generally conveyed through the
medium of Impure air, bad water, improper
food or by contact with persons already dis-
eased. The remedy must be a thorough blood-
purifier. It may be said "There are hundreds
of so-called blood-purifiers, and because they
have been found of little avail new blood-
puri/iers are continually being offered, and
impose upon a credulous public ever and
anon." There are also many remedies for
external use only, all claiming to purify the
blood. Some are electric, others galvanic;
some are more simple, for instance a mustard
plaster, and of all these the last is the most
efficacious. If any one of these bad been
really curative It would have superseded all
others, but all, after a short season of notoriety,
fall into disuse. A blood-purifier which will
succeed where all others have failed must be
one that will, without harm to the patient,
destroy the living germs or septic matter in
the blood, commonly called Microbes. Other
venders of remedial agents may claim to do
this, but we will- prove that they do not. A
perfect antiseptic or blood-purifier must be
able to destroy corruption, suppuration, infec-
tion, etc., by external as well as Internal use,
and as all blood or skin diseases arise from
impurity of the blood itself, an antiseptic must
be found that may be used internally with
success, and also externally. Can this test be
applied to any of these so-called blood-puri-
fiers ? Try them; apply them to wounds, cuts,
bruises, burns or old running sores. The utter
fallacy will then be seen of trying to purify
the blood by remedies (whether they be
liquids, powders or other nostrums) which are
incapable of destroying the septic or living
matter if applied externally.
Wm. Radam's Microbe Killer is a thorough
blood-purifier because it is a true antiseptic.
We have incontrovertible proofs in the testi-
monials .from thousands of patients, many
from prominent Individuals, including both
sexes. The same remedy used externally will
destroy all corruption to be found in skin
diseases, being as powerful in its action as
carbolic acid or any other antiseptic prescribed
by the medical profession for external use
only, and yet you may freely drink this remedy
with perfect safety (the smallest infant may
take it), and thus cure yourself by striking at
the root of disease by destroying the impure,
fermented living matter in the blood. Nine
years' experience has proved that- we possess
A GENUINE MICROBE-KILLER.
Try it and you will find our claim to be
amply justified. Call in person or write for
advice regarding . your case. We will cheer-
fully furnish you, free of charge, with the
fullest information. Young and old of either
sex need not hesitate to inquire into the merits
of a remedy possessing the undoubted power
to relieve them from further suffering. No
matter by what name your disease be called,
Microbes cause it, and Microbe Killer will
kill the cause, and therefore cure the disease.
WOMEN
Ailing with troubles peculiar to their sex
should write to us with full particulars. We
will give you all necessary advice.
WE CHARGE NOTHING FOR
CONSULTATION.
MEN
Afflicted with any Private Disease or Disorder
of the Blood should also communicate with us.
MICROBE-KILLER WILL CURE YOU.
A fifty page book giving full particulars re-
garding this wonderful medicine, also testi-
monials of cures, mailed free.
RADAM'S MICROBE KILLER CO.,
1340 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
BRANCHES:
■ 456 South Broad way, Los Angeles, Csl.
45 Mary Street, Pasadena. Cal. .
123 South First Street, San Jose, Cal.
Third and I) Streets, Maryaville. Cal.
360 Morrison Street. Portland, Or.
101 Front Street, Seattle, Wash.
And of All Druggists.The Pacific Mail Company's Steamer Gty of Peking, as She Appeared After Coming Off the Drydock. The Peking Came Here Over Twenty Years Ago, and Is Still One of the
Best That Comes to This Port. The Officers Aj-e Proud of Their Ship, and Some of Them Have Been in Her a Lifetime.
[Officers' I'ictures iron* I'hotograpli* by Xaber.\
A HANDSOME AND
STATELY VESSEL
The City of Peking, the
Largest Steamer on
This Coast.
BEEN VERY SUCCESSFUL.
After Twenty-Five Years o!
Service She Is Still as
Good as Ever
SINKING OF A SMALL STEAMER.
The Ethel and Marion Went Down
Owin? to Carelessness of
tbe Engineer.
The hand«omest and largest steamer in
port is the Pacific Mail Company's City of
Peking. She came here from Chester,
Pa., nearly twenty-five years ago, and has
been continuously in the Oriental trade
ever since. Not a steamer that trades in
and oat of San Francisco has met witn
fewer mishaps than the Peking during her
Ion? and busy career. She is 5079.62 tons
gross burden, 408 feet long, 47 feet broad
and 19 feet 5 Inches deep. Her passenger
accommodation is of the finest, and her
carrying capacity is greater tnan that of
any passenger steamer Uat has visited
the coast.
Among the officers of the Peking, Chief
Engineer William McClure is the oldest
in point of service. He has been sixteen
years on the steamer continuously, and is
one of the most trusted employes of the
Pacific Mail. When the Peking broke
down some years ago on her way here
from Chiaa, McClure and bis men did
yeomen's work in the repairing of the
broken shaft. Their efforts were a.i in
vain, but machinists assert still that it
was one of the cleverest attempts at re
pairs in the circumstances ever made on
vh» Pacific.
Captain J. Tremain Smith is a new com
mander on the Peking. Chief Officer G.
G. Trask took the vessel over to Hong Kong
last December, and there Captain Smith
assumed command. Since then be nas
made bimself a favorite with the traveling
public and the officers of his crew.
Chief Officer Trask Is an old master mar
iner and is well known on the coast- He
is one of the best disciplinarians in Cali
fornia, and he always has his crew well in
hand.
Purser E. T. Osborn has grown up in
the service of tne Mail Company, and
from freight clerk on ihe wharf has grad
ually worked himself up to the important
position he now holds. All in all, the
Peking i 3 one of the best officered and
best found su pa in port.
The tvs; Etnel and Marion met with an
other mishap yesterday. Engineer Dave
Linden turned on the water from the
main on the wharf into the tanks and
then took a atroll along the front. When
he returned, according to his story, ne
turned the *ater off, but nevertheless it
continued to run into the tanks, over
ilowed them and ran into the engine-room,
then the hold filled up *.nd finally the
staunch little vessel went down. When
Engineer Linden returned after a second
stroll along the front the Ethel and
Marion wa» out of sight. She bad sunk
beDeath t c waters of the bay. The po
lice were informed that the tug had been
stolen, but daylight revealed her smoke
stack just above water and the dingey and
t>art of the deckhouse floating in the dock.
Captain Tomminson arrived on the scene
early in the morning only to find himself
out of a job. Late in the afternoon Lin
den secured the services of Whiteiaw's
wrecker and the Ethel and Marion was
raised.
Mrs. Tborold, owner of the tng, has been
particularly unfortunate. Some time ago
her husband vied trom an accident. He
was playing with bis little girl and ran a
crochet-needle into bis band. Mortifica
tion set in ana be died. The day of his
death the insurance company in which he
was insured failed, and the widow never
received a cent. Then the toe went down
in the great norther that wrecked Fisher
men's wharf, and ever since she has been
in more or less trouble. Mrs. Thorold
manages the boat herself, and has barely
succeeded in making a living for her j
children.
The American bark Charles B. Kenney
eot in from the canneries yesterday. Chin
Lip Toiil' succeeded In making things
lively during the trip down. He attacked
his boss. Chin Lung, and nearly succeeded
in cutting his head off. Then he ran
amuck an^. chased several sailors into the
rigging. He was finally overpowered and
lashed mio his bunk. When the Kenney
arrived Ton^ was turned over to the
authorities, and Officer Charles Calahan
took him to the Receiving Hospital, from
which he will probably be taken to the
insane asylum.
It was very rough on the bay and at sea
yesterday and several vessels dripped
their anchors in consequence. The Laura
May drifted into the frei^htboat Transit's
slip at Second street and had to be towed
out by the tug Joseph H. Redmond. The
Emma Utter carried away her mainmast
h-ad and several of the sail?, and in con
sequence had to return to port. The S.
Danielson from Usal had her deckioad of
bark washed overboard, but was other
wise only slightly injured, and several
other of the small bay craft met with
minor injuries.
The Harbor Commissioners held another
secret session yesterday and discussed
Tennessee marbie and incidentally Presi
dent Colnon's visit to Sacramento this
week. The Board of Examiners want to
know all about the contracts lor the new
ferry depot, and the president of the com
mission is to do the explaining.
ihe steamer Monticeilo will not make
her usual run to Vallejo to-night. Some
repairs are necessary and she will not get
away a^ain until to-morrow at 10:30 a. m.
GOVERNMENT TIMBER.
Special Agent Prior Makes Important
Discoveries in the btocktoh
District.
In a few days the Federal authorities
will institute civil proceedings against
certain parties in Tuolumne County for
the recovery of $30,000, alleged to be due
for timber taken from Government lands.
It is not improbable that criminal suits
will also follow.
Among the companies alleged to have
taken Government timber are the Empire
Mill Company, South Fork Mill Company,
Rushing Bros, and the Bradfords of So
nora County.
Special Agent Prior has been busily en
gaged in this matter, ana whatever is dis
covered is due to him. It is estimated
that in Tuolumne County alone over
6,000,000 feet of lumber has been stolen
within the past twenty years. The inves
tigation so far instituted shows about
3,000,000 feet, but not half of the period
already named has been covered.
There seems to be no telling just where
the Dresent investigations will end.
CHARLES D. WHEAT DEAD
Sudden Demise From Heart
Disease of a Leading No
tary Public.
Deceased Was a Confederate Veteran
and Prominent in Fraternal
Societies.
Charles D. Wheat, the notary public and
commissioner of deeds, died at his home,
2118 Steiner street. Friday night rather
suddenly. His demise resulted from heart
disease, he having been afflicted with this
malady for several years. Mr. Wheat was
at his office Friday and transacted a good
deal of business, as usual. As he was
about to leave his office in the evening he
complained of severe pains in his chest
and a nervous palpitation, or "choking "
sensation about the heart.
At right his suffering increased. A few
hours later he passed away. Mr. Wheat
was one of the best known notaries of the
City. He was born in Virginia, and was
aged 53 years. Though a youth when the
Civil War broke out, his sympathies led
him to enlist in the Southern cause, and
with the Forty-ninth Virginia he fought
through the greater part of that struggle.
Several times he was wounded.
He came to San Francisco soon after
the war ended, and has lived here ever
since. He had occupied an office at 501
California street for ov r twenty years.
In fraternal and church societies he was
quite a prominent figure. At one time he
was past chief ranger ia the American
Order of Foresters, and at the time of nis
decease was an officer in the Legion of
Honor.
.tie was also a vestryman of St Paul's
Episcopal Church, and a few years ago
was captain of ihe local post of Confed
erate veterans.
The funeral will be conducted by the
Jodfjes of which he was a member, and
will take place from his residence at 2118
Sieiuer street. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
FROM PULPIT,
VESTRY AND PEW
Rev. G. C. Adams Will
Preach at the First
Church To-day.
NEW METHODIST BISHOP
Rev. Dr. Newman Was an Inti
mate Friend of the Late
U. S. Grant.
HE CCKES HERE IN NOVEMBER
Golden Gate Congregational Church
Haa Chang d a Saloon Into a
Sunday-School.
The Rev. George C. Adams, D.D., ar
rived here yesterday and will preach at
the First Congregational Church to-day.
One of his first visits was to the church
whose pulpit he is to occupy for three
Sundays at least. He expressed great sat
isfaction with the auditorium and was de
lighted with the organ.
"It is remarkable how well it has kept
BISHOP NEWMAN, the New Methodist Episcopal Bishop, Who
Baptized U. S. Grant on His Deathbed,
in tune, for they tell me it has not been |
used for months. A few notes are a shade !
off, but scarcely enough to be noticeable," j
he said. Wi.en a^ked whether he was :
fond of music Dr. Adams replied that it
was one of the subjects in which he took I
deep interest. *'I am fond of music for its ;
own sake, and I believe also that it can be
of great help in the church service."
The St. Louis pastor is a genial, unaf
fected man of 45 or 50, who strikes one as
being both vractical and enthusiastic. He
minks that nothing can be gained by
dwelling on the troubles that have torn
the First Church. Indeed, he says that,
fox his own part, he knows very little
aoout them.
"It is nine years since I was in San
Francisco," he -aid. "At that time I
preached for several Sundays for Dr. Mc-
Lean at the First Church in' Oakland.
"The things that strike tue most on re
turn, ng here are the increased size of the
oitj and the cleanliness of its streets.
They are infinitely b^tier than the streets
ol St. Louis or New York.''
Talking of streets led to the subject of
muniiival reform, and the doctor was
asked whether he believed in pastors tak
ing an active part in civic affairs.
"That is a delieats question." he said.
"For myself, I find my pu!n;tand pastoral
duties have led me very little time for
participating perbonally in such move
ments. I think, peihaps, a pastor can ex
ercise a wider influence by induc'ng the
men of 1m flock to interest themselves in
such affairs. There is Dr. Dale of Birming
ham, Bog. He has taken li'.tle part In
public affairs himself, but the men of his
rogation are the leaders of public
movements and recently Parliament had
to consider his views on a social subject
because of the number of votes that were
wielded by his congregation."
Dr. Adams was born March 7,1850, in
Castine, Maine. After graduating from
the High School of his native town he
entered Yale Theological Seminary,
whence he prahiated with hiph honors in
1875, beinn ordained a few days luter. On
tbe 22d of May of the same year he mar
ried Mi - Mrcie Perkins Shepardson of
West Brooksvilie, Maine. He has a family
of nine.
During a period of twenty-one years
and more Dr. Adams hns had only three
pastorates, his first in HUlsboro, 111.,
which he entered in July, 1875; his second
in Alt' n, 111., whitaer he went in March,
1877, and his last in Pilgrim Mission, St.
Louis, where he commenced his labors in
1881, and built up the present Compton
Mill Congregational Church and parish.
Tne church building is large and hand
some with a seating capacity of 1600, and
a numerous membership.
In bt. Louis Dr. Adams owns his mag
nificent $10,000 residence and is exceed
ingly popular, though he commenced his
career there "without a member and with
out a dollar," to quote the language of one
of his admirinc friends. He received tbe
doctorate in 1888 from Illinois College, of
which Institution be has long been a trus
tee. He is aiso a trustee of Drury College,
director of the St. Louis Congregational
City Missionary Society, and chairman of
the State Home Missionary Society of St.
Louis, besides being actively connected
with other charitable and religious enter
prises.
At present Dr. Adams only contem
plutes occupying the pulpit of the First
Churchjfor three weeks, but he says he
does not know what the future may bring
forth.
Resolutions have been nassed by the
board f deacons of the First Congrega
tional Church stronely condemning the
report that the deucons and church were
not unanimous in calling Dr. Adams.
It is expected that Hey. John P. New
man, D.D., L.L.D., the new Methodist
Episcopal Bishop, will arrive in this City
with his family about the 15th of Novem
ber. Bishop Newman, who comes here from
Omaha, is one ot the most noted divines
in the Methodist church.
Not only is he an eloquent preacher and
writer, but his association with Uiysses S.
Grant lias made him aim st a historical
character. It was his church in Washing
ton, D. C, that Grant attended, and a
warm personal friendship grew up be
tween him and the President. When
Grant made his famous tour of the world
Rev. Dr. Newman accompanied him in
the capacity of chaplain and friend, and
during the ex-President's latst illness Dr.
Newman gave him spiritual ministrations
and baptized him on Ms deathbed.
Bishop JVewman was born in New York
.City in 1826, and was elected a Bishop
eight years ago. He was a personal friend
of the late Senator Btanford, and when
Lelaud Stanford Jr. died he accompanied
the remains across the continent and
preached the funeral sermon in Grace
Episcopal Church, Bi~h<^j> Kip and Rev.
Dr. Foute also assign* in the service. Dr.
Newman was at tnat tin_e a noted Meth
odist divine, but he was not a Bishop.
Some of his books ar« used as text-bo, ks
in the church. "From Dan to Beersheba"
is an account of his travels, which has
been widely read.
A number of local Methodist churches
will to-day have new pastors. Rev. Dr.
Urmv will be at the First Church, Rev.
Dr. F. Jewell at Trinity, Rev. Dr. Chilson
at the Potrero Church, Rev. G. R. Sianley
(succeeds Rev. E. M. Hill at the Fifteenth
avenue Church, and Rev. Dr. Phelps of
San Luis Obispo goes to the California
street Cinirch.
The Golden Gate Congregational Sunday
school was organized last Sunday, the i3th
inst., under very encouraging auspices at
the northeast corner of Point Lobos ave
nue and Twenty -fourth avenue, Rich
mond, in what was until recently a build
ing occupied as a saloon. The room has
been supplied with an organ and will be
furnished with everything necessary for
the work begun. The sessions will be held
every Sunday morning, commencing at
10:30 o'clock, under tie leadership of Mr.
Sidney A. McOaw, superintendent, who
will be assisted by Mrs. May H. McGaw,
Miss Alice Guthrie, Mrs. Browne and
others.
A four weeks' mission was inaugurated
at St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, near
Howard, in this City, on the 13th. The
mission will be conducted Dvtheßedemp
torist Fathers O'Shea and Mnllane. Ten
years have elapsed since a mission has
been given in St. Joseph's parish. Inter
est in this one is therefore very keen and
everything points to a most successful
mission.
Tbe ladies of the Church of the Holy
Ghost, Centerville, will bold a bazaar in
aid of the church during tbe month of
October.
The sermon by the Rev. Horatio Steb
bins this morning at the First Unitarian
Church will be ou tbe "The Conditions of
the Country."
The Death of A. VVmldteufel.
A Coroner's jury has been Impaneled to con
sider and inquire into the cause oi the death
of Achille Waldteufel, who.ie body was found
in a room in his residence, on Vac Nefs nve
nue. The jury consists of H. J. Lyons, GO6
Jackson street; M. .Kpstein, 413 Pacific street;
D. V. Shaw, 815 .-ausome; *\ McDonough, cor
ner of Battery and Sansome; George Nickl&ua,
9 Montgomery avenue; F. A. Braun, 429 Bat
tery; C Sehreeder, 413 Battery; W. Lepner,
40? Battery, and T. R. Ptaff. 415 Clay. The
jury visited the residence and viewed the
body. Testimony wlil be taken this week.
Vnity Club Lectures.
- The second of the Unity Club lectures will
be : delivered by Professor Edward Howard
Griggs of Stanford University in the Second
Dnitßrtan Church on the evening of Septem
ber 22, . his subject D«in« "self - Culture
Through tnu Vocation,"
NEW TO-DAY
(OREGON CITY WOOLEN-MILLS, LOCATED AT OREGON CITY, OR.)
From the Sheep's
Back Direct to Yours
These are the mills— -our
own mills— you've heard us
talk so much about, where
we take the wool from the
sheep's back and make it
into cloth. This cloth we
make into clothing in our
: own factory. This clothing
we wholesale to the dealers
of the entire Pacific Coast.
This clothing we retail di-
rect to you at the identical
prices we charge the dealers
LOOKOUT —wholesale prices. NOTICE OUR
FOR Your clothes, if bought NAME AND
IMITATORS, of us, pass through, the NUMBER.
hands of but ONE firm,
and will cost' you but ONE
small profit over cost of
• manufacture.
We are positively the
only firm on the Pacific i
Coast that can truthfully
, say, and prove, this to you
— advertisements of all oth-
ers to the contrary not-
withstanding.
Overcoats come direct to us. Ulsters
|5 WOOLEN^M
*< n v/ \3 JLjiLjl ■ /
Brownlros^
J2H2stfa/tsomeSt.
— I ALL BLUE SIGNS. 1" 1
THE PHYSICIAN OF THE HOUR.
That Doctor Cook is a true specialist of |
the very highest attainments has long
been known throughout the medical
world. That he is now so regarded by the
sick people of San Francisco and tne i
slope is indicated by the vast number of j
them who continue to seek bis profes
sional services from day to day. They go
to him for help because he is an upright,
honest, high-minded gentleman as well as
a great physician who is able to cure every j
curable disease with which humanity is :
afflicted.
In the treatment of Lost or Weakened J
Manhood and their long train of distress- j
ing symptoms; in the treatment of Gon
orrhoea, Gleet, Stricture and Syphilis; in
the treatment of Varicocele, Hydrocele,
Atropny or the wasting away of the or
gans; in tbe treatment of these and simi
lar sexual ailments Doctor Cook is beyond
the shadow of a question the leading and
most successful specialist in the United
States to-day.
Doctor Cook cures not only every Kind
of sexual debility, deformity or decay, bat
he also ctm*s Pile*, Fistula, Rupture and
Chronic Catarrh. He pays particular at
tention to ailments of the Eye, Ear, Nose,
Throat, Brain, and to diseases of the Heart,
Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
and Urinary Organs. Female complaints
of every character also come within his
specialty.
If you have any of the above afflictions
do not give up in despair. Consult Doc
tor Cook, who cures where other physicians
only experiment. He has no substitutes,
bnt he himself, personally, goes thoroughly
into each individual case and carefully
follows it through all its various stages
until completely cured.
Doctor Cook's system of home treatment
by mail is perfect, and if you cannot call
write. Tell everything fully and without
reserve. The Doctor's office is located in
the heart of San Francisco, at 865 Market
street, opposite the Baldwin Hotel. His
hours for consultation and treatment are
from 9 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
p. m., except Sundays, when they are from
10 to 12 a. m. only.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali—
710 Market street, open until 13 o'clock every
nlßnt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICEB-530 Montgomery street,
comer Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Haye% street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:SO o'clock
CHURCH NOTICES.
■^^"irKST^TuTtciri^^ tScillN-
&-& tlst— Services at 11 a. m. In Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bjble
Lessons. International Series. Subject: "Good
and Evil Contrasted.' "Science and Health
study Thursday, at 8 p. m., In Mystic Hall, Red
Men's building. 320 Post street. AU are welcome.
«•—=. fihst CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
t-^J-? sk cor. Post and Mason sts.— Kev. George
C. Adam', D.D., of 8.. Louis will preach morning
and evening. Morning service, 11 a. _ :.; theme,
"The Vi'lunt Poverty of < hrlst," Evening
service, 7:30 p m. : theme, "Elijah's Discourage-
ment" Samuel D. Mayer, organist and musical
d rector Special music.- Sunday-school at 12:46
p. it. Yonnc People's society of Christian En-
deavor at 6:30 p. _ Wednr.-*ay evening prayer-
meetinß7:3o p.m.
->— 5, PLY Mo UTH C' 1 KG ATION A L
_r~-' Cnurch. Post St.. near Webster— The serv-
ices will be conducted at 11 a. K. and 7:46 p. M. by
R. R. Lloyd. s nday-school at 9:30 a. m. and
12:30 P. _ . Chrls:lan Endeavor, 6:45 P. it. .
rf^-g=» THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
CF— Fifteenth Bt.. near Mission— Rev. William
Under, pastor, Services at 11 a. M.; subject,
"Babel Building." Services at 7:30 P. M. subj ct,
••Proteitantism and Re.igious Llbcrtv." Music by
chorus choir under direction of William C. Stadt-
feld. All art? cordially invited.
ft— = AT Si. JOHN'S KPISCOPAL CHURCH,
sr^-' Fifteenth and Valencia -its.— The service
will begin at 11 a. M with the processional, '-We
March to Victory," by the vested choir of forty
boys and men. The rector. Rev. Dr. E. B. Spald-
ing, will preach. At evensong, which Levins
st 7 :45 o'clock, the subject of the rec.or's lecture
will be, "The catholic Epistles of the New Testa-
ment. The regular choral service will be sang by
the choir, the a. them being," b, How Amiable
Are 'lhy Dwellings," by the late Sir Joseph
(Barn by.) .
BP^S* CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
IS-^ corner of Powell and Geary sts. — Rev. John
l.i-n.j hill, D.D., pastor. Key. Dr. Alexander
of San Francisco heologlca! Seminary will preach
at 11 a. _ . and 7:45 p. _. Topic, P. _ -'I he For-
ma ion of the itlblical Canon. Music a.m.: "Te
Deum" In F (F. fcehlling). oftV-'iory. --The Hills
of God" (..evln), bass solo by W. C. Campbell.
Music p.m.: "Benedic Anima" in E-flHt (S. P.
Warren): offertory, -Crossing the 1 ar" (ScbneCK-
er), so o am. qaarieu All re co.d.ally invite...
-J3p TBINI'IY PRKSB YT-RIA.V CHURCH,
-F-^ cor. C«pp and Tweniy-thiid bis. — Key. T.
Chalmers Kaston, D.D., will preach in ne morning
at 11 o'clock. Rev. Wallace i-aris will preach in
ti.e evenin at 7:45.
ar~^ TilK URST UNITARIAN C-iURCH,
s^- 57 SW. corner Geary and Franklin streets.
ltev. Dr. Steubins. mister. Ihe -u-ilay-sc.-00l
Is at 9:45. ihe morning service is at 11 o'clock,
lhemeof.s rmon "■ c haib not dealt so wiili any
nation." The evening service .s omitied. All are
cordially Invited.
Bf; 3P TH I SECOND v NITARIAN CHURCH,
8~-C Twentieth and Capp s s.— A. J ells, pas-
tor— U ells wli preach «t 11 a. m The even-
ing lecture a. 7:4j will be, 'James ttIXMWi
Lowell, or co.iscie.ice in the Citi_ei.." Dr. Daw
z.g-r's 1 IDle class at t>:46. A proUtable course.
Cume. S.itiday--th..0l at 9:45 a. m., Miss Hobe,
superintendent. Lui.y Cub Tuesday evening,
special ci.ur^h social on Frluay evening.
2t_~i-r- FIRST CHRIS T lAS CHURCH,
tb-G 1 Twelfth St., 0 l. Mission" 'and Howard—
Pieachinc 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. by ti.e pas or,
lev. FratiK a. Fold. Forenoon subject, ••_ lgn-
way biobtiery." i: veiling subject, •i he tiuoi
Shepheid." l-TangfU-Uc serv.cts 1- the evening.
Solo by tlie pastor. S'hi.u s rvice in the lecture-
room at close of c veuiui- service. Musical director,
Mrs. i-.iiii Jacobs couim>iuiou vice, j_ m.
Sundav-schooi at 9:30 a. m. Y. P. _>. C. E., b:3O
p. _. Seats free. All welcome.
ft-iS-' FlltST bAPI'IST CHLRC*H, EDDY ST.,
E6-— * near Jones— Rev. M. P. • Boynton, pas-
ser, fcervices Sunday, btptember 'M, 189 - Preach-
init by the pastor at ii a. it. subject, "The
MvmeGiance." and at 7:30 p. _.; 10 ie, ••Pro-
g.essive >m." sunday-sclicol at 12:30 p.m. Y.
1. _ . of C. E. at 6:SO p. m. Prayer - meeting
each \'. tdut-sday eveuibg, at 7:45 o'clock. All
these service.^ are open to me public Strangers are
especially welcome.
S^-jE? ' - un * H * A - IRONSIDr., tVASGELISi,
— *■"*^ will pr.-ach the ,ospe of a full, fr. c and
eternal .alvti.iuii in Gospel Bail, 83- i.oward si.,
a. 7:45 o'olock p. M In the af er.iuun at 3 o Clock
mere wli be bai.iism ii the Nona Beach swim-
11. in, 1 a. ha -lay's.., ..et iaylor and Jones. A.I
are mvi cd. unday-sci.ooi, 12 o'clock. Bible-
rc-Oiut; Tuesday eve. tug.
2T^= i r lKftl- .\.W JERUSALEM CHURCH
w-" (Swedenborg^an). O'iarrell street, between
Webster auu Fill more, services at 11 a. _.
i.cv. Vi V. , owen will preach, subject for to-day.
••Prayer." 1 lie evening services will be held at
7:45 in the parlors in tue rear o. the church. All
1 onl.ai.\ invited to end. ceaisfree. sabbath-
SChOOI a. 111 a. M.
igE^gp CHUi.CiI OP JK^Ur- CHRIST OF LAT-
"•^-^ tei--ay aints hold services every Sunday
a. K. of r. Hall, 909 Market 3 . .>unday-Schooi. 10
a m. serv.cei. Ii a. m.. 7:46 P m. A cordial
Invitatlou is ex endeu to all. Se»;s fi
__"-_->"' THEOSOPHICAL SOClr-lY — FREE
w*-* * public lecture every Sunday evening at
Gulden U; te Halt, -_5 su.ter St., at 8 o'clock. To-
night. "Who Is My -roiherT" by Mrs. M. _»L
'lfcir .s.
ffifjg^ THE THEOSOFHICAL SOCIETY—
**-* v Free piiDilc lectures every Sunday evening
at 8 o'clock- in POrtola Hall, a alive Sons' oulluuit-.
414 Mason su To-night, "The Song Celestial,"
part 11. by Mr. Ch.irle* P. Nellson
SUN-JAY MEETINGS. - —
mp&> CAI_tFOBNiA STAT- SPIRITUAL
afc^-^ As-ociation, (-olden Gate Hall, sutter st.,
bet. Mason an. 1 Taylo.-.— At •- P. m. the lifted
young medium Mau 1 L. tret ag, will give spirit
messages and r-p-.ln_s: short address l.y N. F.
Kaviin: Violin solo, Professor K. A. Whl elaw-
contralto solo, Mrs. Emma Sherwood. a 7:30
p. M. short address. Rev. Mr. Haworth: same
mn.<lc and m--sa:. s by Mrs. Mau.! L. Fr -ttag.
All honest ski pt;cs convinced. Admission 10c.
■F_iF~ ANCHOR HALL— W. J. COLVII.LE
»-* 7 lectures, 997 Market St., 10:45 a. m., "Divine
Healing: Its Fundamentals" (r. ply to Key Wad-
dell of Oakland): 7:45 p it.. Francis King and
W. J. Co:viiie will lecture on "The New Govern-
ment" (reviewing Mr. King's latest boo*).
op— s= AT 997 market sT., "FIRST pro-
lw— ' grcssive spiritual Church"; 11 a. M , ten
developing circle: i p. it., flowers, ar.icles read,
Mr. Han*eu. Mrs. 1/unham Warren; 8 r M.,
"Spiritual Message*" : delineation of character,
Mrs. Hariana Warren McKee.
jjF_£= GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING. M T-
"»-— ropolitan Temple. Sunday. September 20:
exercises commence promp.ly at a p x. Farewell
Kddress by W. R. Goodwin. Subject: -reter, Poli-
tics, Prophecy.' 1 Grand musical and literary pro-
gram me by lhe W. a. P. A.
gtrg= FRKK TE'-T-MEKriNG, FRIENDSHIP
**-& Hall. 326 McAllister su. 8 P. it.; names and
messacea from loved ones: .Mrs C. J. >Ie er and
others: all welcome: test and developing circle
Monday evening; sittings dally.
«SS" AT DR. RIN-ES' --PIRITUAL MEeT-
»>-» ing, 909 arket St., 11 a. it., _ and BP. m.-
circle aud platform tests: Mines see ey, Dunhairi
E?J2 c « lls Kott<r ,' n 1 " lx : H ' A St -"' ' Dr., office
1236 Market su, 10 to 7 p. x.
airs* TO-DAY. AT 10:30 a. m. AND 7:30
»-*' y. x.. at 334 O'Farrell su. Professor W. W
Tatum, the dis.insnislie.l tilat* writing and est
medium.will deltv r short, addresies followed with
tes:s: admi-sion 10c
jeEif-- JOHN SLATE X RETURNED FROM
"S--*" Europe: one grand test seance only, to-night
at 8 o'clock sharp: hair 909 Market St.; tests and
messages given: admission 16 cents.
£K3F : OAKLAND PSYCHICAL SOCIETY-
»--^ M me. Montague will lecture- at Fr«ter_al
Hall. Washington si., BP. x. AU Interested in ihe
coming election shoui-i attend.
BKg=- COI-LKY METAPHYSICAL COLLE .£•
s*-** eso eric science of health and nealln~? :
divine service 2:30 P. x. 334 O'Farrell st.- F J
Miller, president. .*-
-r^r BUENA VISTA HOLDS RF.LIGIOUS
&*& circles. 872 Mission St.. near 1 Ifih- Sun-
day eve.: 10c; bring flowers; sittings to ladies 8 to
10 P. M,
ECS» DR. CYRUS TEKD WIL .LECTURE
» v *' this afternoon at 2 o'clock at 102 O'Farrell •
a.so Tuesday and Thursday evenings. Admission
free. - * .
K-qgr- 605 MCALLISTER— MME YOUN'-.WON-
•V-*' derful i.sychometrist, will five convincing
tests to-night: 10c; come, skeptics. Tel.Je.->sle,llol.
«^g-» W. J. COLVILL_B LECTI RES IN LOR-
•■*—*' ing Hal!, cor. Eleventh and Clay «ts-, Oak-
laud, Sunday, Tuesday and Saturday nt 3 p. x.
B£_3S» MRS. SHRINER. HnSKINS, RußlN-
«* ; - e^ SON spiritual meeting to-riigbt: 2 hours de-
voted to tests; 111 Larkln: all invited: 10c
3 " TO-NI.iHT RKV. MR. HOWLAND
»**' will hold his last meeting In Mozart Hal],
ii-68 Market st. Admission 10c.
Jf_3y» TEST MEETINGS 2 AND 8 P. M., 336
■*•-»' c.-M lister; R. A. Stltt, Clemens, others.
fcikepUcs Invited. . . i
BZjfT' MKf*. FULTON, MATEKIALIZTNG SE-
a n - ance Sunday, Tees, nights; 50:. 31 Fell st.
apS=*MlttS. KIUJI-.HT Ail KEN. TRANCE-
I »* jy test medium. 3 JO Me A lister ; sittings daily.
ftpjg* EDWARD K.KARLK M KETI G POST-
fe^^ t>one.l until Sindar. -_7:' i. account Illness.
SPKCIAt, NOTICES.
"gK" PROF. TATCM. SL ATK^WRITiNG ME-
»~*__dtum. 834 O'Farrell st, -
K5?- DR. h. : iT* Jones, oculist and
*"~ auriHt, just returned from European hospl-
tKls, has rirsntned practice. 222 PosU lei. Grant 1 1.
"^ BAD TENANTS . EJECTED FOR *4-
-7 i, <»"« c tloni mad», city ,or country. Paolflo
lollr-rlion Co.. 416 Montgy st.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
"£^£= r BAD TENANTS EJECTED, »3. COOK,
■^-^ Law and Collection Office, 10-23 .Market sU
13° GAS- fixtures MADE to okd r :
1?*^: cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden i, ate aye.
o*s-.00 * 5 -. 0 - E. Sl >BDORFF HAS REMOVED
~*~ hi« offices to 22y 3 Gtary «v, rooms 1 and 2.
NOTICK OF MEETINGS.
GOLDEN GATE LorjGEl?cir~^_ii^^"
£5^^204, I. O. O. Members, as- *^~_^
s>-mb'.o at your lodi-f-roo— at 1 p. m.,
SUNDAY, Sept. 20. 10 attend tne -"w/lw-
funeral of our late brother, R. 11. LXX.
M. C. DIi^BOLD, N. G.
C. R. Mac_aucH— an, R. S.
ttZS' O Dr. R Tip SCOTTISH v CT >'
ES--* Clans— Distribution of prizes and 3L KMOiJ
dance, Shiels builalng, 32 O'Farr. 11 St., *vT_i»
FRIDAY EVEN.NG, 8 o'clock.
W. CORMACK, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
J
j icND N(h
; -*' 36 (twenty-five cents per -share) of the
! Hutchlnsou Sugar Plantation Co. will ■ c payable
I a*, the office of the company, 327 Market street,
| on ana after Monday, September 21, 1896.
i Transfer-books will close Tuesday, September 15,
i 1896, at 3 o'clock p. is.
i R. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS ANTJii>-l''__>lAL,E.
ARTIES REQUIRING GOOD. COMPETENT
and re lab help ln any capacity can be - fur-
' nished at short i.o.lce by applying to C. R. — CAN-
SEN & Co., UO Geary st. ■
A j IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN. BEST OF REFER-
Jltl ences, wants an easy place: small wages;
good home. LEON AND.iE, 315 StocKton st. "
/ i tRMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 306 MA-
vX son st.. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
\\T I DOW DESIRES POSITION AS HOUSE-
» » keeper or to do plain sewing. 864*£ Mission
St., room 3.
NGLIbH WIDOW. TEMPERATE A.ND RE-
liable, wishes position as housekeeper to wid-
ower; fond of children; good references. Address
G., box 63, Call.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS A PLACE IN
VJT private family as cook. Call or address 621
California st.
"\r-UNG GIRL WISHES POSITION AS
JL seamstress or housework; wages $20. Address
203 Gough su -
OTHER AND SON WISH SITUATIONS;
mother first-class cook, son to assist hotel or
private family; city or . ountry. Cail or address
136 Fifth St., room 6.
DESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
XX cook, wishes situation In small family. Ad-
dress 1757 Sanchez st.
ERMAN GIKL WANTS POSITION FOR
vJ nurse or second work; speaks German correct.
I Address 714 Point LobO- aye. . .
RESSMaKER, GOoD FITTER, NEAT
worker, good on children's dress-s: will co to
! families 50c a day. Acdress Dress, box 68, CalL
| STHEKE A FAMILY IN THIS CITY IN
want of good conscientious help, American;
: - .od plain cook: neat and obliging; no objection
, to widower's fi-mily or the country; wages $_0.
; address C. H.. box 76, Call Olnce.
1 RES MAKER WlSirrS WORK AT HOME;
; XJ suits made over; children's dresses also. M.
; 7 Harrison am
OOD SEAMSTRESS WiSHE A POSITION
as housekeeper or chambermaid: compe.ent;
call Mcnuay. 306 Mon st.
' RELIABLE LADI a' NURSE ANTS EN-
. xX gageuient; confinement or invalid; terms
I moderate.- Address outs. STA.NLE «, 322 Fifth.
j yTTU-NGLAD- WOULD LIKK POSITION AS
i J. companion: travsilng preferred, address G.
1 M. C.. box 57. i alt Office. •
OMPEIENT Wua-AN WANTS WoRK BY
v- the day; (-oud laundress aud housecleaner;
! reference. SIA y 2 Stockton su
OLU..ED woman would LIKK TO do
housework or work by the day. Call at 1335
Pacific st.
, i • IRL, 15 V AR3. WISHES A UATION
, vX io lake care ut a baoy aud assist* prefer to
- sleep at home. 355 Jessie, at.
i L IR&TCLAS LAUNDRESS WISHES SIT-
j x uatlou in laundiy. pr'va or public; best refer-
i encea. AUor.-as F. i., box 106, iail oflic.-.
LADY O. ED.CAIION~]- D REFINEMENT,
speaks three languages, desires a pluce as
housekeeper for wiuower or lodg.ug-bouse. Room
2, la Aiason
U AS'ltD —BY GOOD COMPETENT
TT woman, will do housework: is oou cook and
'■ laundress, or _.-•> k nu of »oik in ,ii:it .iue; dou't
1 minu large family; city or shor. way in the couu-
i _ry. Please call 7:.t Js-iie si., bee. Kirs, and ■ ecotid.
I \~~6Tng WOM .n \v a.nto ue.'Eka,.
j i- housework to do where she can have ciiiia
with her; references given. Auare.s W. W , box
IUS. Call Office.
, V CO-uFKTEN i, 1-LD--.RLY WOMAN, TO
»> no ho>.sewoik; Is good pain cooic and laun-
; dress; cily or short di-i iiite in cuu.itry; wanes
: $10. Call 1008 U ashiugion st.
j v» iD-W, AG D 40, AMERICAN, WAiSTS
I TT position as houseke per; city or country. Ad-
dress i. «... box lu3, c-kl> office.
i OLORED GIKL \Vl>li_.-> A - ITU I lON
\J to d.. liou»i.-v»or^ and piam ci.okl-g or to ,a_e
care of <.hi.d--.-n. Aadresa —  box U, Call office.
i .REaSMAKER ■ UOAI .M-.\-. V RK W.NT-S
U work at lauies' houses or at home, 305 _.ddy.
I .OJIPKTENT. i .-iCs'l'WO.lilY WOJIAA'
v> wism s to do washi.iv. iiouing, cooking, or
housecleauiug by the Oat. M..a. cU TiZ, 33d7
I '1 wen ty -six lii 81., near . iisslon.
j .. OM.A.*. 46 YhARs OF AGE OK.- IKES P 1-
" union as housrkeeper la a widuw i'_ family.
I thoroughly under. :ue care of > nlldren; is a
I con^cleutious, te.iauie wan. call uuuay or
during lii«? ti.a> vi wi-t-K 7-1 rlfth st., Oakiai,— ,
' L IItST-CLASS i-Kr.S.-_,AKL_ W I.SH A
I X 1 few more engagements, caiior adareas Branch
call Office, 0..9 navtrs St.
14 A.nTKO— BY A WIDOW. A FEW PLACES
»' to worit, cleaning or sweeping Please c_ li hi
715 VBlemia at.
RES ■ M... R ANu SEAMSTKE--S; OOuU
ht.tr; sews uOc a day; city or Oanlanu. M. 0.,
box »9, « all trice.
-LIABLE Wo AN WHO IS A GOOD CO X
wisiiea situation in small famiiy; do part w ash-
; Ins. Call 7 0a liowaid n.re....
j SITUATION BY l-.XP.-UIIi.NCJ-D COOK Fo»;
I 0 men on rancu, mining, sawmill or logging
1 camp; understands her business. Add.c-- C
. 1121 — .ow— rd'st. ..--' -if ■■
i IDOW LE->IRhS Uo. X oP ANY KIND-
, »» tewing, mending, or wou d take manaKemeut
■ 01 lodging-house: good housekeeper: city or cuun-
try: after 11 a. m 8 Mission at , room 3.
XTEAT, i._U.,U.t Ol L WI-Hh- PLACE
XI In a nice small famiiy: is a good pain coo*:
do light housework or taKe care 1 ..in girl ana
leach fancy work. Adure<s 1703 Grove »..
LADY, THOROUGHLY COMP-TKNT TO
maKe boys' clo:nlng, wou.d litce a few mure
engagements. Call ur address 519 Ocuvla sU ■
PROTESTANT WOMAN W.iNTS A >ITUA-
tion to do general housework. (.all or address
I 439 ..linn > su, between Fifth and »ix h.
V A TRAINED Nv.RSK, A POSITION TO
i^ trtvei with invalid lady. Address A. D., box
147, Call Office.
EXPERIENCED LaDV's OR INVALID'S
XJ muse; best reference ; assist In housework if
; needed. 710 McAllister
DKBB- MAKER, -K__lOV_D FROM 708 EL-
lls si. to 602 o'Farrell, room 1; plain sewioe
. done at home *
! \\ RESSMAKER, THOROUGHLY COM PE-
■XJ en., perfect, In fining and style, will go to
farm Us lor $1 -- 6 per u ay. Address Modisie, box
1 137, Call . fflce
yoLNUL/»DY FROM MAINE DESIRES Po-
x Bitlon as typewriter. 223 Pou st., room 1.
. ADY OF PLEASING MANNE. WiollES
J^worlt, ritnrr as housekeeper, ups airs work
i an. plain sewing or care of c.i.drea L. L., box
I 1-6, Ca:l 1 ffice.
\\ ANIKD-BY AREFINI.D MIDDLE-AGED
11 woman position' as housekeeper or care of
children, reter.nces exchanged; 10 objections 10
country. Call or address MRS. OAKI-S, 1417
Harrison a.. •
I O«,KK/EPKR. CASH I. X, GINrRAL OK".
Xi flee work « oung lady 7 years' experience-
quick, accurate; best references. Address a. c
I« 6 Grove st. ..: ' '
V OUNG WOMAN WOULD I.IKK POSITION
Xas chambermaid i Rmall lodging-house. Ad-
dresa 17 I hlrd St., room 22. "*
KEFINED WIDOW WOULD LIX POsT
Don as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's :ami y. Room 13, 1 Flftn sl
VOUAO WOM iN WANTS WO X BY "THK
J. day; washing, Ironing and general housework.
Caiior a.dresa 7.->'_ Union st.
Y> r>PECTABLi. GERMAN WOMAN, (iOOD
J-t cook, wis ie posit on as general housekeeper
andmanuger; thorouehly romp tent; nurse also:
business capacities. Address 741 Minna st.
'I RAINED NiKsK WISHES TO TR VEL
J. iiast with patient: remuneratio 1, traveling ex-
penses. Address H. L. 1203 >. astro st, . Oakland.
VV £JiVtJi??«S£ __!><'"*_" «♦ IHIKU M..NR.
«fii .*/-_'• °° °°™*- 25c to *1 50 per night.
»i 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
nee bus ana baggage 10 and from the lerrv.
V « m NU RhFINED . COMPKTENT CKKULE
call at 917 1" Position as hous-keeper. Please
call at 917 • arketst.. room 19,seconU fl.Hir. '
SITUATIONS WAMtD-MALE.
Ci HA.N EN A^^O.rTtO^ifXllY^ST"
hntli furnish on short notice all -In 'a of help for
yard/ «»wmtif nIS a -* -». dairies, orcuard., vine-
skliild k-T U i 8 ' . m '. Des ' etc - and skilled or un -
-186 P description; telephone, Grant
HUNTER * CO., CHINKHE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st below
Kearny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG Trn^
SAM KEK— CHINESE AND JAPANIfui- v\r
ployment office. 611% Bushjt.^fr-g,^-
CIHIN — --IS AND : JAi >,, ~,u- u~ ll> ut v
help; tel. Main 1997. UKAD-.kY&cq.eio "ty
/ 'HINESK AND JAPANKsfc KM PI o V M -.vt
1 7 office; benthrtn. 4Ula, u'KarrMl: i-l , i?_f
JAPANESE AND CHIXKSK EMPLOYM_N'I'"
best help. SUB butter st. ; tel Grant 30? 1 '
\\! AN TED— TO TAKK CARE OK- ILorSF
V> property in city . for .mail compen-ation or
free rent Address H. P., box 63, Call OfHcp.
SCANDINAVIAN YOUNG MAN AND WIFE
I s wi.-h sltua lons on ranch or private place-
man handy with tods, und-rstand care of horncs.'
co»s. good driver: wife is.KOod co k and house-
keeper; willing and obliging; first-clasi reference.
H. R.. box 49. Cull. T""
OY WISHES TO LEARN TRADE OR DO
any kind of work. 600 Minna su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
■4r BOVHE, TOY & SONNTAQ
•10 o*ol ■ fjsT Successors* -6/^AN___ >^?
__,-«n \ V-^^^^^^^^^^^ti?^^^
fir*i t6r»is b^uohtamo sots "C_^ • f^^Z? frj/f
«K)ITSI.SRENTE_i.RrNTSCOLLF.CTE_t // . *"°
4ND FltU. CIIAKGF. i.'tKCN OF FrtOI'EKTV _ C/X//v£sj??7 JP^>J rfS
rARIICOLAO ATTtimON PAID TO _^I^>/?7^C»>i,^*M^/^^
wet>tvu)iHOANooi*?os.Kcof ußeernacui *y'iwJwecncpeme£y>SziiC6C< '■■.
VCtI»ItOMC ttfr4
7^& t JjL2oiadar •■___. _sapt_. !4tN, _^^_L_l
Chas. M. Short ridge, Esq.,
Editor < < The Call, • <
City.
Dear Sirl-
Enclosed please find report of sales for your Real
Estate Review. The uniformly good results from advertising in
the classified country real estate columns of ''The Call •' are
shown by a recent $19,000 sale by us of land in Northern Cal i- •
fornia to a resident of Visalia, through a four line adver-
tisement.
g—*"~—"~~*— —*——■——--■ -_____-_---------------»____-_____- ___■ i
SITUATIONS WANTED-) ontlnued.
A^rTN7r^vT>^^^?rT / ioiTLm > >t^^
» an good gardener and ran take care of
horses and cows and do all kinds of work; wlf*
good cook and laundress: city or country: good
reference*. Call or add ess 6-1 California st.
ON EST, INDUSTRIOUS AND BKR
mt-dle-iiged German wishes to work in a
grocery-store; can tepd bur aid take care of
horses. Address FKKD HAM.METER, bll Pine
st., 4 to 6 p _.
I* 1 ANTKD— WORK BY PROTK-TAN I' MAN
»' and wife; man good rou cnrpenter: woman
good cook. Address M. C. box* 119, all.
\\' ANTED— BY 1.1 ABLE YOUNG MAN,
*• situation as coachman and gardener: k oa ref-
erences. Address >.. a., box 134. 1 »li Office.
EX P-.RIENCEH CHK. Si-.MAK !'.; M KES
different k n :s of cheese; also but er: can run
a separator, wish. 3 a M ui.tlon iky or country.
Addr ss v . \v.. box 1;.O, call Oilier.
y-'U G MVN WOLLI. LIKK TO LEARN
-I the barber's trade: wilt: ■ to do anything in
tha line. Address B. 8., box 78, Ca 1.
hUTLKR— WA.NTED. POS: 110 ■• BY FIRST-
> ' cass English butler: highest testimonials:
chance o 81 ci. c competent servant. Address
Butler, box 78, CaL
j.OuKKI.KP: R wan is EMPI.OYMKNT;
• • best reference. Address Bookkeeper, box 85,
call Ofllc-e.
\\' II.L SOME ONE GIVE A FAITHFUL,
*• trustworthy ma- of business exp nence a
c v ance to earn a »v port f.. hit t'ami.y? city or
country. M. .--., box .0-i, Cal i.fll-e.
}< RIGHT SIE ' . V YOU. SO -MAN Wl -H
I ' worK of any kind; is apt and willing 10 work.
Addr ss H. J. box 9, Call /fflce. ;
v"URs hXI'E Xl 1 NC X I), WISHES O TAKE
Xi 1 are of invalid s<fl< ring from convu^ionsaiid
pural- sis. Addres-i a. 1., b-x 61; Cult Offloe.
situation wanted A- manauku OF
0 fruit ranch or vineyard: is an ex ert. in alt
branches of horticulture; well acquaint d with
general farming; California and f. rei n experi-
ence: refereuces. AdUrt-sa F. a. RuUK... Wat-
sonvllle, Cal.
TTUTLEK (ENGLI.-H) WANTS PLACE;
If thorough good indoor servi it; wou d taKe
s -cond man'- place whir*- 2 are kep : On.leniuil-
references from suo.i lamili s ast and West.
Address B. 8., box 42. Call office.
AKKIEU G. KM AN WANTS .SITUATION
to drive biker or any kind of delivery w<tg n,
or vr>>nld like .0 w rk as stableman or do an.- kind
of work: will give good reference. AdJreisG. .->'.
L., box 75, » all < me ---■■,
Qi. 1 -Ml™ LOAN WITH GOOi- J«'B I-OR USE
W 1 O\J of n loaey. Address 1.'.4 Fourth at., M.
FOSS.
W ANTED— HOME FOR BOY OF 14
'• years: will tie light work for bis board. Call
01 address 6.'.8 Folsom st.
yOUNu JSiAN WOULD LIKE TO WORK >OR
1 board wlill- attending ertiool in Oakland. Ad-
dress K. X.. .68.> Fourth aye., Oakland
\roUNG b^TC IIKR w1 - hks mi v atiun,
1 city or country. Address. M.. box 43, Call.
\'OUNG MAN, t-PKAKs GERMAN, SPANISH
1 and Kn_ ish, desires kikxl position; -oninjer-
clal preferred. Address V. D., box 117, Call 1 HI. c.
JAi'ANKSI. BOY, WA NTS BIT O ATION TO DO
O waiting or rouse, ork lv family. Address S.
HI.Na, 70& Geary st.
liUATION WA>TKD BY MIDDLE- .Hi D
man. a position of *otne trust; is sober and
reliable; tirst-ciass refer-nces «ecurilr furnished
If require:; is a no d fir man and tun run an en-
gine. Addnss It C G., box 60, Call Office.
EDI IOR AND WRITKR, AN 1836 KEN-
tucky Republican, now in Utah, wants portion
in the coast; married; • xperien ed: with good
references. Jo_L snoMAKER, P. O. box 166-,
-alt lake City, Utah.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIUDLK-AGED
Swede as coaenman and gardener firs -class
milk---: hanly with too can. also run gasoline
en.tne. Address M. S. box 87, Call Office.
RADUAT D AM) EXl'l-.KIK.NCKD PllAR-
macist seeks position: relief no k only best
references: steady and reliable. Address Drugs.
box 108, Call (; fflce.
IIUA'HoN WAN lED BY RELIABLE MAN
v as co ter in wholesale or commlssion-hooie.
Addiess P. 8., box 11', Call Office.
UINCHESTI-.K HOU^K, 44 THIRD, NKAK
Market— Kl ectrlo lights In every room: 20t)
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night. $1 50 to $8 per
week: iree bus ami ui_ea_e 10 an.l trom lh« terry.
\\l I\CHKtSTKK tiuU-K, 44 IHIKD. NKA
it Mari-»t— Electric lights In every room: 20J
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per nigh.: SI 50 to $6 per
neck: li<-e bus an<t ba-rca"*- 10 an I from the terry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
\\r A NTKD— GOOD IROnXr FO It LAUN D t V,
»' conn ry, 9.5 and found: '. koo 1 gi Is who un-
der* nd German tooKini*. $■-.'>; G rman , lrl tor
the country, $>5: gir as waitress and -.end coun-
ter, $6 per weei; Daniel) cook for the •. ountr .-,
family : , $26. C. K. H NskN &. CO.. 110 tie ry
VTEAT GKKMAN OK SO *S DIN AVIAN
—1 unman, housework, smal family,' coun r>-
town, $-0, tare i.aid second girl, $1 fare pad;
w uress, country hotel, *20. MI' UK a . A
RKADH , Leading Employment Agents, 6J4-6b9
Clay st. . - ■ . '
SALESLADY, COMPETENT TO TAX -■:
O char-re of a stoc>c of v idervv*. ar. corsets, gloves
and no.lon-i. is wanted at one-, AppytoU. S In-
dustrial Acenc-*, room 165. Crocker but ding.
\\ A TED-FIRST- LASS FINIaHE.t ON
»> pants: steady. 461 Vi Mlnnn st.
HHISTIAN GIRIj TO ASM- T IN H«»USB-
V.' work and take care of baby. 789V_ -tevenson.
R"ESPE*'TABL GIRL F R GENERAL
ho sewo.k. 1808 Lar < In it.
A MERIC AN WOMAN, GOOD COOK, TO TAKB
/V. half iii rest n dinln -room: no capltuL SOtO
House, 32 Fourth st.. room •_
$- WANTED— WOMAN FOR GENI RAI.
I «J. hou-ewor.. 1900 Broadway; references.
\\- OMAN TO DO HOC^EAVO A D COOK-
>' ing. nowashine: wages 916. Apply Tuesday
moriiin.. 2615 - t-tavia St.
pIO.MPOsi T. iR, POSSE-SING KNOWLKDGK
\J of bookkeeping and typewriting. X., box 6,
Call. . ■: .
HEAD SA I ESLADY ON CORSETS; REFER-
enres. 1388 Market si.
Wl AN I KD— TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
»' work. 1217 Webster st.
PROTESTANT GIKL; LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X9B to $10. 1619 Leavenwortn si.
\'OUNG LADY TO JOIN AC..OBATIO TEAM.
JL Call at house back of 48 a. Pan*, oct. Second
and Third fits., bet. 3 and 6 p. x. Sunday, or
1174Vb Harrison s". weekday*.
TNTELLI»'KnT GIRL, NOT OVER 16 CALL
X Monday after 9 a 14 Grant aye., room 56.
V OOSt* GIRLS TO I.X A iINDRKBfe. MAKING.
Dressmaker, 637 c Minna SL
\* r ANTKD— STARCH IRONr.RS AND MAN-
" gle bands, at . Si. Nicholas Laundry, Seven-
teenth and Folsom. ' '■'.:'.■ »■".-...
KAUTY CULTURE, MANICURING, HAIR.
dressing less ns. day ana' evening.* MR-;.
BUTLKK, 131 Poet, ■':-..-■
VOUNt. GIRL. TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
j X work; small family. 1510 \ " J-\ n---r ?•• " #
TH ' McDowell kkkss.. k ..-«.».. -
ilemy is the lar_is- and best conduct, d choo.
this side of Chicago. We teach cutting, fiti ng,
finishing, draping, basting, boning ami matching
hi ripe, and plaids. ■ The McDowell system received
I the hi .best award at the Word's Fair and -.he
only ays em receiving the gold medal at he Mid-
winter Fair. Unllmi ed lessons: easy payments:
perfeci-fl ting patterns cut t 'Older from -6c up.
I Call and see our school. . McDowell Dressmaking
I Academy, 636 Mar.et st., opp. Palace Hotel. .
HELP WANTED-Cont'nued. |
\\' ANTKD— PUPILS FOR BEST MIL; INERY
• t school in city: teacher of 10 years' experience;
; larze class now for ing for fall work: lar.e -vorK-
room; references given. 410 Leavenwor.h st. ■
\\ r ANTED - YOUNG WOMAN TO TAKE
*' oisri and be g-neral'y useful In family res-
, tan rant; mutt iihvc some knowledge of book-
keeping. Addrt ss, stating experle- cc. references
and wuges cxi ei-ied, 8., box 5, ■ all Offire. '
YOU G GIRL TO AS.- IST IN LIGHT HOUE- !
-1 work In family of 2: wage* $8. 7-3 Oak st
EW .MCI .T PATTKRN.-; JUST IN: 25c. '.
McDoWELL Dre_smaking School, 636 Mar- !
I *«• su
L LYNN'S DRK-iS-CUTTiNO KHOOL: TUBS-
I days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
HAIK-DHESSINO: MANICURING LKf.HONS I
riven .Mis- DmVLK.2.-. Powell si.. 105 9llv j
.Mi'.llKl.S>l.\H, _5i- ANJ» J»V.-. M'IK.M.NJ I
• -ye 1 .••.,!,,.,. lOlegvon-i.^l (11. I_4M Mission. 1
OM" CONVENIENT AND KKtiPECTABLK. I
Winchester House. 44Tulrd c'_. Dear Market; •
IV ' room,: .be to $1 60 per nlr'itr $1 50 10 $J !
'■■•*<■■- ' t»- '<■>•-■< und n • .... -i - r ■•■ »i-rr.- :
MALI-. HELP "WANTED.
\\' ANTKD — tTBNOQRAPHBR aN TVI'K-
" wri;er (young man) for a large farm, *30 p r
: month .-;n.i round, ate d. I'lace: inte.n*-n young
man, qaick at plain rii- ires, to net'i graphs a 11
win- ry In country, $ 6 to $30 •er iololl.ll >mi
bour.i: 5 umtvians to plrlc rap-, In Alomedn
County, *26 and board 3 <ie,nia. )armlian.ls, 1
i ne^r lty, $J6: 4'» rupe-inrkeri. *"0 pc mo th ;
' and 90c per ton: _ farmhitnds. small ranch near !
I liy. $15: 2 miners, $.-2 2 ne t waiters, iray-
; work, or Srrt-ciaa- country hotel, $ 5 each; i
I cooks. <li-jh«as!i"r-i an>i others: ba_ r. mil l coun- '■
■ try shop, fx6 per n.oit > and found, fare paid. W. :
I D, KWKR 1- Co . 6-6 Clay St.
I ">n G A PK- P I C ~R^-,~* JO AND $23: 1 0 MEN !
«''J to work in a wine cellar: 8 faimers, $-0:10
laborers' _Otleroake i t Bk-eacb; 3 1 i.oremen, *15; ,
butter-maker and milker, *_0; youLg ni»n for .1
private family, $1». .MURRAY x READY,
Lvadln Kmp.oyment Agent-. 684 and 636 Clay at. j
pARPENTER FOR A VINKY.xRI ; 30 DkTl-
-1 \J ler-*; 10 hammermen. MURRAY <_ READY,
leading T-.mploymrnt Agents. 634 ai,d 636 < 1.-y St.
1- W.MIEivS, $„; 3 CoOKs, $40 AX:/ $-0: 2
'• dishwashers, ft 5 and »2 . pantrrßMß, *-5.
ML'a.iAV it IiKADY, Leading Employment
Acen » 634 and 636 Clay st.
•> FARMERS, SAME RANCH, $20: 2 BCAN-
• ' dinavii-n or ■;• rm:«n farmTs. »nme ranch *-0,
seaUy plac. -. 111 lKer. oouiury, $30. >. K. HAN- ',
f-i-.N & CO., 110 G ary at.
U 1 ANT:-.D— F KNCH COOK l-OR PLAIN
'• country hotel, $40; restair^nt cook, *12 a !
; week; waiter 10. oyster-house. $7 a ■■ ie .: -.vait.r
1 with dress suit, $S0; Uirmun pantry b ■*■, *15 and
j touni: etc. LEON AN PHI , 315 Stockton su
! \l/ANiED —Al HAT SALES.vIAN. RA-
"I I'HAKI.'S.
TENOGKAI'HKR DEPOSITING S3OO 08-
-0 tains $80 salary. Lawyer, box 21, Call.
C"A I LOR« W .-vVTi-.D A 1 LANE'S, 604 Da VIS
k St., Manner's Horn t.
DMAI OKDr.R BU-INK S AT HOME ;
-end 0 cent* lor sum: les and Instructions;
hi* 1 rotlts. .\(JVEuTY COMPANY. 2483 A.
1: ntic uve.. Brooku n, N. Y.
Toy >: x P. RIKNCED IN TYPE SET ing ;
li wages n■! ov» rSB per wee*. C, box 4. Call.
IV AXTKD-YOUNG MAN I'uMP. IE.>T TO
'♦ keep books, do typewriting and collecting:
mn<t be active anil of tood appearance. Address
bo« -Keeper, box 47. Ci».l I lri<-». ■ ■ r.-, .--<
Dls 1 1 W A ~HKR — üBEH, INDUSTRIOUS
and re. lab. c man. Apply 438 Third st-
• iISHWaSHEr"aI" 43 SECOND ST.
IF YOC HAVE A PATENT OK INVENTION"
of ay kind tor sal-- or need capital cdl! a; Uali
Of Inventions. Academy of Sciences building,
room X, thirJ floor.
mA I 1.0 R s wanted fom seatroom ; CON-
x venlent place. 803 Montgomery, R. 6, 3d flour.
".I* ANT D— YOUNG JiAN WITH MaVL
»' capita. In ( üblication business: offlc<-«or_,
Address I rade. P. 0. box 250 , .->an Francisco.
\* Oil NO M A OF GOOD APPEARANCE,
1 «i h ome experience In groceries. 801 Bush
St.. <or.ier Mason.
IV •> Thli- CO-MPri :KM «:«» VPL K. TO
'» m rk at small sanitarium in country: man to
I ftttenl cows, ho es an.l cencia- work: "Oman
must be good cook and laundress: • references;
I Germans preferred: bmall wages; steady home.
Address Resort. Ca-1 OlHc-. Oak. ami.
I » A• I KD-1-OU :UK t.MTKD HTATK.S
»» Marln- i'orps, U. S. navy, nble-bodled. nn.
married men between the aces of 2 and 30 years:
not lesi ib-»n 6 feet 6 in< he* in height; of Rood
character and trnvierate habits: able to read,
write and sneak n -llsli properly; only v'tlr.ens of
the United Mates or persons who nave I tally ile-
cl) red their lntention-t .0 becom • citlzri 1 will be
►crepted: this important branch of the naval
»»-i vie- offers special iuilncenienl-: giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of tne wor d on board our
new c ulsers. For further Information apply at tbjs
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Kills St., hen Francisco CaL
CTKAK-, CHOPS, KTC: 6 DISHES FOR 6
0 cents. 636 Clay su. i.lg Yellow Front. ./,
WAN ' ' — AN IDKA; WHO CANTIi INK OK
JTi some stmp.e thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas: thpy may br-ng you wealth. Write JOHN
Wi-.Dju_RB(,iR.V _.Co., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys. \>a-.mn ton. D. c, for their $1800 pri_e
offer and list ».f 200 inventions w.nterl.
VTKW - D> House, 7t>a mi -.--ion bet.
i-^ .Wand 4th-sini*le Inrnlshed looms, nUhtl&ctO
:.oc;week $1 10 $2 i»o;readingroom strictest atten-
tlon to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
VV AS L >- ->'X:. To l am barbkk
1 »i trade; only 8 weeks reonlred; tools clven anj
ratalotne senL >-. Barber >c-hool. 1518 Howard.
AJNTED-50 .Mi N FoR ss NGLE R. oMs;
TT $1 weeK, 26c night. 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
\| < N>! * half-soling. Sues.: ladies, 40c.;
,1 , on . c while you wait. 6 8 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Flnck's.A.F-
ROOM* 1 60 « . itMj 1 -X -NJiiHi ; 6UU iu«laj
per tv t « rl-nial, r.'.l Drumm-L
vy ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY I . «. ARMY
TT toots and shoes. K. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
1 ■ ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHTTes
C on _ nant shoes 10 order, *3 60; hand-sewea
shoes, S5. 7_6V 8 Howard st.. bet- Thin! and » ourih
W it* C £- I£sl '-'-KHOi;isK. 44 IHIRDsr..NKAK
»T Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus an 1 baggage to ami irom the ferry.
T HY C ACME H<iU»_,,9s7 MAKK-T ST.. BK-
x low bixtn. for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
, IN'i'KLL HI)U-«K, SIXTH A.\ D UOWAHU
' sis. ; single inrnlsln-d run 7Sc week. 16c nigh:.
"JOURNEYMEN BaRBKRS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary. H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st. .
|JARBKR-J' PKOTKCTI\ UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment gecret-ary. CONRAD IROKLL. 667 Clay.
i'> rTE E . XS ~-'' v*'u *'- EMPLOYMENT CALL -EC,
''. V. *- Barbers' Assn. S. KVCH>. 326 Grant aye.
1 ARBERS— SHOP FOR SALE, $76;
'- rent, Including ga>, $10. 1932 Market st.
C! LO . SINO OUT N *- W AND SECOND-HAND
v/ shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 969
Howard st. .
W •*■,— KI«.OVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
-^-» Cay; bottlo wine or. beer with hot Inncb. 6c.
ll'O^K.M ll> TAKK LOD-4JNU _.Tlyo,l6c
.... ■ nd iQo * "l>ht. including bO-tM and rolls,
t_4 Washington «-.. near Kearny.
\y ANTKD— j_ABORKR« AND MECHANICS
.1 l ? 11 f now ln « K< * KolHin. Reno House proprie-
tor, illll runs Denver House, 217 Third s_: 16.
— fg» room.: -_5c per plgh.: $1 to $3 per wee*.
INCH '---S.INU.K ROOM-J. 15. 20 AND
XJ 26 centa per ntfht. »_. »l 26, «1 60 per weM.
I Pacific House, Commercial and Letdesdorff sta.
HELP WAMED-Contlnuad.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, lio A DAY: $1
v *ek; rooms for two. -.ie 11 day. $1 bum vrwe_;
reading-room: daiir paorr*.- i>ti 1 'las* <■-.
' • _,"«\>vi 1 Xi» .•. -..\iiAliii.\ siui'_ COuO;
'*'■ -II ?rcr»r> le^o it- \ . "
\k! ANTED.IO COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
'» i-r^_c:erK-L X iX Collection A«cv, 110 Suiter
TR ARE SHOE DOCTOR-; WE EPAIR
'• shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work- ■
ing through the day oan have their shoes repaired
at nl _ tit while you wai : ladies' so ing, 35c: men's ,
B»ling, 50c: fine -moes made to order from $2 up:
we have a lot of ■ hoes, been dam»g d by water, at i
Ws than • ne-fnurt ■ their value, from 25c up to
$2 50. 562 Mission «., bet. First St. «nd -econdsU
AGENTS WANTJ-O.
J -ILL V >N A (BR ; AT . Pi-: R U.M ) ;
00 per rent profit: retails 6 cents: beautiful I
package; big seller; send stamp for samp c and j
particulars. The Yanna Co., 194 Raudo ph St..
Chicago. -
TjTXPERI_NCKD AGENTS. WANTED TO
— — *lli be Champion Burglar lurm; '.reat in-
uu cements. 21 V_ Ttilrd su, room 5, cal 9 till 5. j
US X 'IC M \ O". WO—ANT 'CA V ASS !
i-> campaign books aud other matter: guaranteed
salary or liberal commission; references required.
R., box 31: Call Office.'
I NTEL IOKNT ITb'K CANVASSERS. i
1 staiuiard Dictionary Aceiicy. 93' Market st.
IN EVERY COUNTY OF MJrSISSIPPI j
Kiver, rue 1 and women to take agency or I
i.i tn 115 -cis-'ors s:.arp-.:i-r; enormous profits:
send at onc»-: 25c for ample. lor term* aUdr. as
K. CSI WE box 841. San Jos*, (al.
AGENTS Vl: SKi D» AI :• ii-FILTERS; i
_»- they fit any lane- 1, are durable. cheap nnd sell
on sigat. $160 will st_rtyou. 719 Market, near '
Third.
*Y"CTIVE, KNKRGKTIC MEN AMT"W MEN '
« V 10 f am from $3 to $5 a day. Rear office, 630 j
Market at.
GE ;.km a i.y SOLI ITOUS FOR FlltST-
class portrals. Baxter I 'or rait Ca, 433 Gutter.
( 'ASVASSh K~^W~i i BRA 1 .•. N D ABIU '■
V-' Ity: II 10 12. 11. CLARK. 625 Mission at.
F. NTS — '•PKRSONAL B KCOLLKCTIONS
of General Nelson v. Mll#s," communder-in- !
chief of the Unite! Slate* army.an.l Hie gr-ateit I
of Indian figl.terß: the most p-markab p book of |
ti.e century: apply at once for ••fcoi.-r- of terr :ory. I
i. PERSON. .Manager Sol-.scription D«>par.m?nu I
THE WHITAKKK <fc RAY CO., 723 Market, st. |
FURNITURE A> T 17. ~"~
i -A^H PAID FOR ETfiTv- HOUSES OR
V.' smaller lots of furniture, c'rpßis, etc. J.
BOWCHKR, 222 Stockton; s-nil postal.
"I o SELL i- u .*."nT7u"Rt7t. • A DV "aNTAUSTRY
1 M. SILVI- i.\.j.69 Howard st. ;send postal
BUCKINGHAM bV>< .ITU it K ZZ>, PA Y•> |
hlfties price for furniture, carpets, -tc. ; aeud
postal. b66 Mission st. ... ,
if V«JL WAN. Ui/.-i* I'iilCKs ri»R URN' I
X Hire and n-.<.r.-*,n m- t-< f. n. .11 ; arsi-i. |
IN DIANA AI'VTJIIN < 0., St CCr S>. 1..-* In \l |
I I. >!■■--. Aur . in ; (1 -.r Mn-'. .... ... ■• .o,y, :
HOUSES WANTED. j
u'axiei' —TO RENT LODGING-HOrsK,
>» 16 to 20 room»: must be central and reason-
able. B. F., b<-x 76. Call ifflce.
U." ANTED— _-~uiTk7"_ 7i R 5 ROOVS;FAMILY
»' of 2. A'idrvss F. box 16. Cal Offlco. '
BOOMS WANTED. ~~~
\,\" AIS T E I —■ "iTfe CNN > NTOW^ i
'' for light housekefpng: unfurnished except
with carpets; p. ease state price. R. W., box 67 I
Call. • ■ • ■'
I)ARLOR FLOOR. 3 ROOMS. FURNISHED
I for housekeeping; not over f23; cent! at; ref-
eri-nopa'-x Imu d. M. N.. box i -8, Call ' irHce.
BOARDING AY ANTED. ~ ;
ANTKD— KOOAI A.\D BOARD IN PR I- I
"t vate family, nice people for young Invalid !
la.ly; Mission preferred: $18 per mouth. G., 630
Castro st. :
1 AD. WITH MAID DESIKkS HOME IN A I
IJ refined fan By; no 100 far out. Answer \V 1
A.. l>ox 7-,<:» I Offl c v- 1
»■——»»————«- —»—■»»__—__»__________»___.
WANTED-MISCJELLANEOUS.
o^^"^ PO_J_4_T«s GIVE '
«'U price. Address H. G. EVENS,' 56 Bernal
aye., IS* F. ._:.'*-(■;* f
OLD GOLD «ND S LVER BOUGHT: JEWEL^
ry. watches repaired. Ml'JiD, 1133^ ,v lsslon.
WELL YoLK HO X-, CLOT HI NO AND JFW-
O elry to v. KLF.IN. Ma sixth st.; send post-tL
EDUCATIONAL. ~~
j o __?so7rri^K^srTFo^siri_: i
Udren. by a graduate of William Tomlins of !
Chi at o: children's classes. Fridays from 4 t.i 5 •
p. it.: private Us on.i to adults by appoi.itment
Ad.ire^s ...I^S E.VIKLLK .tARP_KT_R la.a
O'i aire Is. , ' iD '- >o
VI ME. MELVIi.i E S.NYD R, 716 p, . T ST."-
-i»» v cal music, piano, elocu 1 lon, practical -<hHkel
Bpenrean and central dramatic acting a specialty
vocal c ass s Mon '.ay. 8 r. M.; $1. . "w^wy,
SCHOO ; P..X ARKS FOR BUS.:
_o. ness: dally; $.1 a month; 4t09 p - _ R °° m 1
10, Y. M. C.  bull ling: OOm
HrExLD's BUs.NKSS COLLEGE 24 PosF |
LsU-Bookk»*pln . business practice, shorty !
hand, typi..g. taieicraphy. modern lani-ua_es Ene- '
lish branches, electrical engineering ei_- '20 I
te-chers; 15,000 graduates: catalogue. '
ACADI-.MY OF SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY
-1. and occult sciences; pupils received: terms 6 :
and 12 weeks: terms reasonable. PROFF«?sni* ■
ASTROLOGY, 916 .Market, room 26. - " °* ES! ? OR
YRKS', IHE L_\Dl\»j COLLEUF — S~S
I\ Montgomery st.; Individual Instruction in
shorthand, typing bookkeeping, telegraphy etc"
lUe scliolarshlp $50; 1 w rate-, per week and mo!
STIKH Us, SHORTHAND AND ■ Bl siNfc.-»s
< ollege.- ZI 23 Market st : expenses lew an'_
scholarship better than elsewhere; day aud nigh £
KLA.-CO' • LYUi-.CM isCiiOoLOt' ACTIX. "
Privat.- theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. o. F. Mock, 7tli and __
S- KLKCTRU AJ-, CIVIL, Ml NINO Mk"
cbanical engineering surveying, architectnre^
assay: estab. '64. VAN DKRNAILI.KN, M
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. MISSFAUFN, 427 S_lteTst.
MISS BOLTE'S >CHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
at.: board; Eng., French, Ger.. piano; $30 mo!
SPANISH LESSONS GIVEN V H)i;CATED
Span! lady; reasonable. . 230 Page at. ' . -
PA N I-H.FRKN. •  ETC.:Prof.l>_ FILIPpFa
O Academy of.Languat-e5.320 I'ostst:estab'J 1871
L_A t.. HY-R, PIANO. MANDO-.IN «A >-~
jq.405 Geury. Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNO. Wj-.ri'N,*. ABll'HJia'.i,iu .1.1
dav&nl ht:nnrla<sM-.S5 month. 845 Mhatnq
KO*V LOUls MKRKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN*
guitar, cornet, leaaonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll!
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-'
es plano,«inglng,French:s3 mo. R. 14, 100'JPollc
MR. * M I S. KOL -M XX. TEACHERS Man
dolln. guitar, banjo. 93, Market m., opp. Mason
ROFESSORO. MANSFIE».D.'IEACHER OS"
X violin cnitar. mandolin. • nr.lo. 1707 Mar ec
STORAGE, "~
SI ORAGK— CHEA pe^T—Tth-Xit y : fir_T
proot building: advances made. 211 1 .ark in. |
■L"UKNITOR_. 1-lAaos; TRUNKS; IT?
- vances, shipping. CHAS. L. < OK 1 304 Post.
,r,.^n_, '^ r, n r^. PST N_ESS CHANCES.
HOTEL TO LEASKFoRATEKM OF Yj-JARS;
new b-Btory and basemen! b let building,
containing 98 rooms; al.o ground floor and we I-
M-rhted bo ement; centrally 1. ca ed, half- block
n<>rth of Market st., and out? block from Baldwin i
Hotel and Emporium building; newly furnished I
throughout- furniture for sale on reasonable j
term". For further p-rticolars apply- to S. SIL- I
VER BE G. 320 San^ome st.. room 39.
\\r ANI X D — AN ACT . V AND EXPERI-
• ' enced salesman to inves $5030 in a corpora-
tion forming to conduct a lar :e whol sale an i re.
tail business In bis < ily In profitable and quick- I
sell. -g line*: to an a. c ptuble person a .oil
salarle ! position will be given In the concern; ref- '
erences n.u-t be Mist c ana. Write full particulars ■
and address for three days B «'. A., b>x 118, Call. I
VOR WALK— OK THE OLDEST ESTAIJ- :
J. llshed liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures !
It fine order: has a tine day and night tr.tde; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floor, nicely furnished rooms at-
tached: slcl;n.ss the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particular-. M. >i.. pox 100. Call Offl c.
Q-_tl_l STATION NOTIONS, NKSVS-
tJpDfVI/. stand, cigars and tobacco, circ-uatinr
library, branch bakery, etc.: old-established steady
cash trade: affords good living: near schoula;
sunny corner; 4 living-rooms, yard, able; cheap \
rent: value in sight: this is a legitimate business. I
L., box 66. Call. ■ I
NERG TIC MAN WITH SMALL CAPITAL; j
investigation wl'l prove this to be the best pay-
ing buslnes* ever offeied In S.tn J- ranclsco for a
few hundred dollars; only propositions with cash
entertained. Call 10 to 12 a. m., 927 Market St.,
room 2.2. " v '
I, OK SALE— WELL-PAYING WHOLKSALE
-T and reta 1 liquor, cigar and fancy grocery busi-
ness ln a well-known health sort in California;
good reason for selling. For particulars apply to
DAN EINSTEIN, 630 Market at.
C-Q^rt SALOON AND RESTAURANT: OR
<JPOt)w. will take partner; the finest chanc*
ever offered; fine locality, cheap rent and good
nest: T. LUBEL--KI, 7 City Mali aye.
ICYCi.E-STu E AND MACHINK-SHOP;
well establish -d; complete stock of blccles,
sundries, tools, vulcaniz-r, oven, etc.; opportunity
for a machinist. 1113 Market st.
PARTNER ANTED— OLD-ESTABLISHED
— T contracting business; pays irom $100 to $150
each; must b ■ steady and reliable; references ex-
changed. C. E., box 25, l all Office. ■
ffl.q*;|||l BEST- PAYING BUSINESS IN-
«lrOc)*'U. vestment In San Francisco; station-
ery, notions, etc; established 1889; must be sold.
Addre-a P.. box 35, Call office.
r\ ciuUPA V ING FAMIL.Y WINE AND LIQUOR
VJ store: established 10 years: rent cueap; sold
account of too much other business. For particu-
lars apply 20 Lafayette st.
EKD'S WATER FILTERS ARE THE BEST;
they fit any faucet; are durable and cheap:
26c and 60c; sent by mall on receipt Of price. 719
Market sU. near Third.
VINE CORNER GROCERY FOR SALE; FIVE
-T Hving-ri'Oms: low rent and lease, Inquire at
once, room 40, Chronicle building, W. D. ii_.ND
RICK-ON.
fflj 1 ',(\(\ RESTAURANT: ESTABLISHED
1 ..\J\J. 15 year*; a pick-up: doing a good
business: make offer; investigation given. Apply I
_9 ixthst.
L^IRST-CL-SS SALOON. WI'ITI \b FUR-
F nlshed rooms: No. 1 location: owner made a
fortune. Addr-as A. H., P. O. box 34O,VaHejo.Ca.
<J> v - AVEKAOK WE KI.Y NET OMB
•4T •-' *260 Invested: safe. conservative; prospeo
tns, prouts, free. F. DALY. 1293 Broadway. N.Y.
. T an uoUß'a Notice a. ■ owan buys
•'' stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
Foils on commission. Room. 16, 26 Montgomery.
JMRST-CLABS CIGAR-STORK FOR SALE IN
-Ts.-uJose: must b»> st>;d before October 1. ad-
ply WILLIAM QSTKRMAN. San Jose. ■
£:•>!)/ 1 liKt-TAURANI ON MARKET ST.;
«IT--"''-*« rent $45: uood business; good reasons
for gelling. D McRAE, 827 Market st. «
SALOON" —"$400 : ~" KA RE OPPOKTUNITY:
0 must sell, as my oth»r business demands my
entire an ention. Apply- 209 .i'isst.
p ENILKMAN PARTNKR {GERMAN)
VJT wan ed oy a lady; country business. 12 j
Mason st., room 2.
©-/IA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, I
i£>O\.'\r. with livin«-r-om; low rent. Co., box
142, own Office. •■•.
\i TkT w ill buy ok skll your busi-
'» i ess at one. UNDERWOOD & CO., 765
Market sU
T~n B'."> OR SELL A POULTRY XIA NCH OR
business of any kind see K. HI.LL, 697 Market
8:., room 5
BAKKRV AND NOTIONS; NKAK VAI.EN-
Clarsl depot; sood business; bargain. Apply
Call Office. ~
Nt»V»PAPER Kt>UTK;IN INTERIOR CITY.
close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office.
1 aT7y~FR. MTHE EAST DESIRES GENTLE- I
— J man partner; small capital. 865 y 2 Market, st., i
room U.
«££ (\ GROCERY AND BAR: * INK COR-
tiFu'v. ner: must sell. DECKER 1020 Mar-
ket st - ..i;>. .":
TO LET— REhtaU RANT, FURNISHED;
doing gooa business. Apply a. m. _10 Drum m.
MJLKUOUTE 11 CaNS. 2 HORS WA-iO V ,
etc. ; make an offer. M. F.. box 68, Cull Office.
R'AMED-Tll lit'Y PAYING SAi.cOS OR
'» cUar-store; state terms. I-., box 9, Call Office.
i . d f. r l. y MAN TO TAKK INTERESTS
business .with ladies. 1004 Market St., norn 1.
,>•_», (\ BARGAIN; SAL 'ON; rKANSFEK
■jpO\»V. place, fine stock liquors. 805 Howard.
G~ i-NTLKMA > PA KT\ E "WIT H SMALL
vJ" capita! wanted by lady. BJi Howard, room 14.
CIOKNKR OiiHOrKY AND BAR; LIVING-
/ rooms. i.ood io<ation: r»-nt $20. ;>l6 Market st,
CALOIN: L' 'N LEAS 1.: LOW Rr.NT. A?
k,, ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and lorrda.
M> K«.-UA><-IM_ STOI Ks AND FIXTURES
bought by J. C. MUTHER. 63. Mnr. et. rm. 2.
TA PARTNER OR SELL B*• KSMI I H
shop: goud business. Address P., box 8, all.
i-entlkjjan par t nek wanted BY
VJ lady of ome means. 1 Fifth St.. room 12.
ARTNtR— S2O(JO: GIVrS $200 Mi THLY
X income. Legl. imate. box 10, Call Offire.
AMI' VESTING 52500 IN ANYTHING SAT-
-TV Ufactory. ■ Details, box 11. Ca I > flice.
UOD TRIMMER WISH-S TO BUY INTO
small millinery business. S., box ,V_, Call.
AI.TY WITH $500 AN"t> TIME— MUST
J write plainly. P.. box 1(,6, Call Offire.
1 ADY DKSIRES A.GENTLEMAN PARTNER:
Xj $35 capital. 1: Mason St., room 2.
LOK SALE— A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
J at 114O'larre 1 St.; H. HAAR.
KKA RN'S BILLIA RD HALL, BERKELEY
for sale. Apply on premises.
TO LET-BAKERY READY FOR BUSINESS.
1 3-00 Sixteenth st. •
OUTE F R SAL ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
quire at (all < 'flice.
» WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS _ THB
- V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for malting.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR « * t.w tttVo n^v^''. ~
FOR CASH OR EASY PAYMENTS -
■ THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS —
27-room house. *700 -2-room house. . j $500
10-r,om house. 150 -4 rooms, co-tit.. 750
65 rooms, cor. . 3,000 14 toonis onSutter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms.best city. 3,500
15 rooms, new. 1.250; 31-room house.... 1 400
27 ro<ms new. 8,0(10 110 rooms, corner. 8 OCO
200 rooms.no .$10,000: 11 rooms, only ' 76 !
35 looms.centr 2.500 10 rooms.Jones st. 300
—I SELL AN" EXCHANGE REAL E-TATi_—
—AND BUSINESS PLACES OF AL. KINDS
H. O. Ur-.CKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
\() OOMS. $126 19 ROOMS. $ 760
1 v* 45 rooms 525 60 rooms. 2 000
14 rooms.. 600 22 rooms "' '450
6-i rooms, fine.. 3,250 12 r.onis. ... " ' 225
132 rooms, uew....7,50<Ji84 toom-. .. "1 500
UNDERWOOD & C. ... 765 Market "su
CORN K R HOUSE, 45 ROOM-, -ON SUTTER
st., cle:irln« $_00 per mouth above expenses-
rent $125: dealt ln family cause of sale, WILKE'.
631 California st, •
ft^oo ODOIN :«-HOUSK-MUST BE SOLD
MirniVs^* week : -» n) - y In -he afternoon. 230
"V"ICELY FCRN'ISHED 6-R )OMED FLAT-"
20, t Offlce VeryChe * P: reasonable - ■?• »•. box
HOU>E OF 7 RO< MS ALL RENTED-
cheap. 403 Stevenson, cor. Fifth. - I *-"'
$ .SOI ' * l h\-ishk"d HOUSE 20 kooms-
<!?•'♦->' .re.t-5). 415 P.ne, below Kearny.
L UKNISHED HOUSKS: 12 TO 13:1 ROOMS :
r $300 to $10.0,0. PHKLPS A , -17 1 ar^in"
VnftoZ^^JJ* 50 ** »°* *****
*UKNITUI{_ fok SALE.
' IK .*-- 1 bALr. i r - rLn -~^~-~"~--- "' ...-^..^w^^.
L P o r ""— m ««od. are comply,, d.s-
Oak bed sets... _,-«-
Bfdlouuges. .:.".•.: " fl 2^
Stoves. •;;.:;•/, " *' a
Carpets. p«r yard".;;;;;;;;;; ' 'It
Linoleum, per yard....,..""' 2?
Mattin-;. per yard.. ;.*."" —" ' *?.
staid TO Tm7 uc b h u " d!n « l »' e '^^ theieprtcas will
h? U BALK-CHEAP, COMPLETK Ihvt t\v
-».-?sat-'». r_'oirKT s _°v- ag_s_a
. a 1 l. J. . neumann's. 117 sixth. 1/ m"
;.' i physicians! ==
Pis* C.-C. O'DONNKLt^ 1-JO6 MARKKT n7^~
XJ Q Ol den Ga e aye. : disease^ \Z***^ c PaUy*
PEKSONALS.
ill John mcduPfTT^ailor,
" one that knows of his whereabouts, please V
addr ss his daughter. MRS. FLORA SHaW, 621 '*
Ml ii. a st., San Fran-mco, Cal.
■VfID_LE-AOED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
H. P™ box IVI2°CaUl V 12°CaU ° haS * r °° m tO let * Addr
"E"hn ,l X j MILEt '- LE T your WHERE:
trSa_?ro b s"a kn ° Wn: m ° lher ' 3 heart M c sni^ Uo
Atlull^l^ lhL ANOTHER; EVER
\\ r x NTED— v N ARTIST TO MAKrt AN A :
'' tomical drawings. 21 Powell, r. 11: 1 to 4 p.m.
T DKESS HAIR FOR THOUSANDS OF LA-
J. dl-s every, month; eve;ybo.ly satisfied: how
cun they help being sat sued when they get such
good work for only 26c? I use "Quinon a" Hair
Tonic. 35c a bottle. O. LEDERER. 1 1 Stockton.
\ \ ASSAGE TAUGHT AND FORMULAS OF
•-*' a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given ; reasonable. D. S., box 107, this office.
. ASSA(?E AND PHYSICAL CULT. Kb; IN-
'• structions given; operators furnished. 537
VI US. SADIE KVANS'COSMEsTIC PARLOUS.
■"X lialr dressing.sha ■■poolng; gents 50c. 15 Eddy.
L) ETU R N E D— M ME. ROLAND, TEACHER
French language. 765 Market Bt., room 16.
\\ IVE.-s AND MOTHERS— DRUNKEN. \EBS
' » can be cured without the patient's knowledge;
will send receipt free to those who need it- Ad-
dress with stamp, .MRS. MAY HA WKINS, lock
box 131, Grand Rapids. Mich.
n^rj Vr l ,^ ? ' S ~ B A LLROOM OR STAGE TAUGHT.
XJ IRV INE'B, 927 Mission st., opp. U. S. Mlnu
l> AG CARPETS WO YE TO ORDER. FOR SAL'S!
•n^«r^r^ e * wove rugs. Bilk-rag portieres: deal-
uio SATTHi'V hßnk or chain « 'owest rates.
O*,O. MATTHKW. 709 Fifth at.. Oakland. CaL
TVI LE f° Tl XX ' COBMKTIC PARIOR-t;
-TJ manicuring; bairdreaalag. 1362 a Market, r. 8.
I L S^ LEAN *-^ ANU Pi.ESSED, $1. 26
0 Montgomery * roomal3and 14; tel.red 3374.
A?_il_i*Jll__S ! DiVo^K LAWS A SPE-
iaw _mia y: _Fa^ J " och "ge unless successful; aU
tended i_ (• WHit?' 0 " 1 ' wllls - «*•«-»• etc **
tended to. O. W. HOW E. atty-at-law. »60 Market st
W INTOI>^OLT-1 NT 0 I>^OLT-? 0 i Lt) r° R MANUFACTUR-
beuMaso^auyp^weiL l^ 61 "' aaB °' f -- eU at -
LADY (STKAN XX) DESIRFS —
man partner; $-5 capital, h. 2 i 32 Post at.
1 OVE, MARRIAGE, SUCCESS — PiT.Tr TiS
Mar^li 5 PRUF - MOXR^ Astfo'lo^r, 777
L, URNKTT'S CORN CURE-SURE CURE FOX,
D corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery?
\\r ATCH AND JEWELRY RKPAIKHu"
T* worK from the country solicited; .stimatet
.Iven; artlcl a re;urn_d ii price Is notaatisf ictonr"
all work warranted. J. N. BRITTain" ap > Gearr.'
OARTINGION'S SCHOOL OF MA«aZIS'_
J and Newspaper Illustration; day and evenlnz
riaases: Instructors, J. U. E. Partini-ton '.orirud.
I'artlngton. R. L. Hartlngton. Particulars 424 Pta».
JUST ARRIVED— MME. M. TAYLOR, CARD-
reader; fee $1. 850 Market, rooms 49-50.
ORRIS BERRY. FORMKR _■' O RK._ A V
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a bust-
nes- at 14 McAllister, Kms. 45-40; ladies', misses'
children's cloaks to order :tit guaranteed .low prices
Q»A PANTS TO ORDER: SAMPLE BY MAIL."
tT^T WERTHMAN Pants Co . __y a Geary street.
rpHE FINEST LINE <iF REMNANTS"
1 suit to order, pants, *3. Cot Rate Tailor^
lng Company, 1117 Market at., bet. 7th and sth.
RLN aS IJhLIVKIiI-1) . _SC. BAY CTTY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sntter; tel. Grant 57.
AT THK PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MBDICAIi
Institute, all cases trea:ed and medicines far-
niabed for $1; call or write. lO_9^_ -Market su
bet. sixtn and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL '
I.L FACIAL BLEMISHK3, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs. etc. removed by
—lite Electrolysis Co., 22tt Turn, nr. Leavenwortn.
XK A ZOK- FIXING OUR i-PKCIALI Y . FINK
edi;eput on razor, 26c. Razor ExrbBe,63oMarket
EL VET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW"
manufacturers' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstair*
IG OUTDOOR STj-.REOPTICON hl£OW fVß-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sta. i artlstl? __.
vcnieem<>nu ln living light; promoters of ba_-
ress. Consult OWL Al'V. CO.. 1140 Market s-.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third su, near Market-
£llo rooms, 25c to $i 60 per night; SI 60 to $9 pot
week: free bns and baggage to and from the terry.
1 hh-ii. A AIiVA.SU •> O.N DIAMOND-* _. ,V
J elrr. «>rr. : !cw>s: rat«-k V4h Market st.
L.D GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
rlothin: bouzh'.. COLMAN i i Ho ror Jp«-il<-.
____________ _
I>KKSSMAKKIL.S.
I ADIES. TO YOUR ADVANTAGE r^TZ
*■ at BHADLKY'S. 41by_ Geary St.: el' cant
stylish dre.-ises m de: $5 up; dresses made over.
RES .-» »7 IP; W KAPI'F.R- Abe IP;
lawn fl np '0."^4 \"». nma-'. , «t>- vp sixth.
~ CAKI»__T <J_-__A_NJJVO.
Ad^v^aTju^^cXiVpTt^clea NTNG~ca7^4oa
Sntter, tel. Main 394. S S. FKRGUHON.man.r.
ONES <fe CO.. MAIN OFFICE _6 AND _7
Eighth St.; tel. Josaif lOul.
•_)C A yard at GKKAT western carp_.t
• » C caning Works. llhighthst.
I */ itPKl' CLEANING, 3a: LAYING. 3c.; XC »
V.' gnmp.es free; tel. Jessie 944. >tratton. 19Sch »
\\'HKN YOU BEC MX DISGUKTKD WITH
» ' poor work, .-i.-ml to SP aULDI N G'S Pioneer car-
pet Beating Works, 353- .7 Tehama st ; tel. So. 4a
1 ONKLINSCARPKT I>,ATISU WORK;*. j_i
\J tioldea (iate hyp.: telephone east 126.
/ 11TY SMiA-t CAHI'KTCLKaNIN(J.RENOVA-
\J ting, «t» »ti_ i-ThVKN's, Bur, lei, south _JX
I "ARPKJa ILtANKD AND KENOVATKQ
\J like sew. FERGUSON _ CO.. as Tenth t_
t;outn 3d. p. mackintosh &<•<>.. successor*.
~j >.. rrciIEL.LCARh'KVi LKANINn CO.. iU
■' . "!<■> « . ■■-■■■ -..■•.[ 'H M.^inn ft
!j BICYCLKS. -——— -
SECOND-HAND BAR • AINS; CRAWFORD,
0 $30; Barnes, 855; Ben Hur, Ladles', »5 i; Fow.
ler, $55: Ladles' Fowler '-96," a bargain; also
others. DA VIS BROS., 23 Geary st.
HIGH-GRADE 2D-HAND WHEELS 925 UP;
sundries below cos:. 216 McAllister.
VERY F.Nfc. '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HaWLKY, 31-* Market st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO __T:
1 beat accommodations. Termintu Ueair. _ [>
Alllstt-r and Powell st. • i«r lines.
IOK _A_.E-MISCJ_:L_.ANiiOUS.
_NX COLLECTION OF~mInERAL_T, MA-
rine curiosities and natural history; suitable
for museum or school; will sell at a sacrifice, or
exchange for real> state. 604 Geary st,
SEWING MACHINE (DOMESTIC), ALMOST
new; going away : ch'-ap. 1346 Market. R. 36.
THOROUGHBRED NEWFOUNDLAND PUPS
tor sale (he*... 713 Polk st.
mop: NEW b-drawer domestic SEW-
ifb^O. tng machine. 1916 Mission St., bet. Fif-
teenth and Sixteenth.
C~HEAP COLUMBIA RACING SAFETY:
\J fine order. Apply Q. K. HOOP-K, cccl-
dental not el. :.-»■.
>DV Ki.OM CUBA UK.-'IK-.-'OKN LfcMA.V
partner; small capital req.ilred. 9Po veil, r. 7.
QECOND-HAND SINGJ2K PaTCHiNG MA-
-0 chine for sale. 636 Mission su
ANDSAW~ BAND AND~FOOT POWER;
JO piano box buigy, full leather top: heavy bu-l-
ness buggy wl.b top; good business horse, harness
and lig.it wagon; all will be sold cheap. 8-0
Howard st. . jiiwV, -•-
<_♦ >ji\( i NEW COMPLETE BAKING OUT-
tlpOUu. fit; Tannton oven. 472 Twelfth st.,
Oakland. __________
rpHOROUGHBRKD FNOUSH MASTIFF
■L pups for sale cheap. 967 Market st. ,
V EW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
i\ vV. & RAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st.
\[ICE COCKEREL SPANIEL PUPS: FOUR
-> week» v.d; cheap. 1■ 32 Bryant at.
ijARS, -HOSVC C>.U TBKS, SHELV
xi Ing, etc , bought and sold, 1063 ■ lssion, nr. 7th.
f\Ot FEE ..ILL, SCALES, LKTT-R PRKS-,
\J stand desk, mone. till, safe, cheap. 10- Clay.
i UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A> D RAT-
■ tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. CaL, Rattan Ca, 61 First aU,
near Mission.
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKR,
$45: others troin f-'O up. REVALK, 409 Cat.
». OILERS. KNGINR. < s,2D-HANDMACniNEKY,
I ■ waterpmes Mclntosli A SVolpnnan. 137 Bealt.
1"Oi. ,\ i i-. •;  Mlh,.. INC.. mhjwca i-:-*
V bars bough _ ,<o d. 11-_iy^ Markt.bec Tth&Httt
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIR* AT
cost; - hood tops, 95 50 up; repalrinK: open
evenings. 8. K. Baby Carriage M fg. ca. 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
r pulleys, shafting, etc W. L. bAJS-'OKU
415 Washington st
i> HOUSKP<iWER GAS OR GASOLINK KJS-
-■ glne: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay St.
UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, 8 ASH
doors, mantels, etc f->r Bale. 1106 Mission.
/ kNi-; > ,\i A i.i, ... i.i. VI • JLAKUr. --IZ3
I'lii' mil I tir- ■ ■ HIM .-It': ■•■
SEW-NO MACHINES.
ffl»O LATEST IMPROVEI>NIckEL-PLATKD
*4P*- « with automatic bobbin- wlntler 14j Sixth
\ LL KIND B. lt,Hl, hOLD, j-.XCHA.NUEO.
A rt-nit-d, ivpßlrerl : o west rat <m. 205 Fourth
____ WAGONS AND OAKBIAGKS.
NEW AND SECOND - HAND ~V AGONS:
— -i bakery, laundry and delivery cheap. 414
Broad y. •.--*. } .-.:...'- 7 :-*:-."-i c:
LAUNDRY WAG in, EX Pi ES- WAGON,
road cart, dellv. wagon. 162U Mission at.
pHEAV; TEAM WORK HOi.SiS, WAGON
W and harness. 530 Pom, . obo.i aye
L OR SALIS, AT KA>TKRN PRICES. FINE
1 carrias-ei • of every tlesc lotion: cash, notes or
InataMments <'».rvlli Mfg <'o. 6-48 B,h a■■S. K.
;: T_P_\VBITEKS.
CA L I • R a PhTj|l». >S~Sr"YOST, $sbr^M
lngton, $50. EC.OTT «fc 8., 333 Montgomery itCITY REAL ESTATE.
H. UMBSEN CO., T;
* "  real estatk AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY bt., kb. MARKET.
bargains— received,
a DOWNTOWN rksidenck AT a BARGAIN.
©XQJ^O BUSH ST.; COTTAGE AND LOT;
«_>_»t7_»\J. 22:11x100 to rear street: new Im-
provements would yield handsomely; lot alone
worth $300 per foot. "
GOLDEN gate aye. BARGAIN.
<5»C<^A OPPOSITE JEFFERSON SQUARE:
C l ( «'V. two 2-story and basement bay-win-
now residences of 7 rooms and bath each; rent $70
per month: 30x137:6: this 1« a pickup. . ■
CHEAP COTTAGE ON FELL *T.
S->, flft 6 BOOMS AND BATH: BAY-
'Jy>\J\J. windows, brick foundation, etc. ; all
modern improvements; lot 25x87:6: $1800 mort-
page; can remain If desired.
TWO ELEGANT FLATS ATA SACRIFICE.
Q Q^OO GOUGH ST. : 7 KOOMS AND BATH
I JO\J\J . each; all latest conveniences and Im-
provements; present rent *60: lot 27x137:6; elite
location. ;•«.■;
DOLOKES-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Sit 1 IOH van .ness avenue of the
r©iH'U. Mission; i'sxloo.
HOLLY PARK.
©.1 /100 NICK BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
ripIT:UU. of 4 rooms, etc.; lot 25x87:6; only 5
wlr ntes' walk to Mlssloc-st. electric cars; easy
terms. -
HOME CHEAP ON CLIPPER ST.
Q. 91 HA 2-STORY HOUSK OF 7 , ROOMS,
C-lUU. etc.; windmill, fruit trees; 10t25:6x
114. -' • '-- / •.'.-■
MCE RESIDENCE ON POST ST.
fiM»Qc/\ NEAR VAN NESS AVK: WELL-
•Ipt'OJU. built residence of 10 rooms and bath ;
renting for $70 per month: 27:6x120 to rear street
WILL BE FORECLOSED. -MUST BE SOLD
©1 (>f\(\ PRICE GREATLY REDUCED;
<&X.\J\J\J. cottage or 5 rooms and bath, etc.,
etc.; Mission warm belt; good place for an ex-
pressman: 24x106 to an alley.
BARGAIN LOT.
QR9^» SANCHEZ ST.; 27:6X80: THIS LOT
«J)D_U. Is worth 000.
LARGE CORNER AT A BARGAIN. * -
©QOOO CORNER LOT ON TWENTY-
«_>OUUVJ. first st. : lot 25x110.
FINE BUSINESS CORNER,
Q_L3 £00 FROSTS ON THREE STREETS,
is'±O. O\J\J. east of Van Ness avenue: stores
and flats; substantial; aU rented; rent $3642 per
annum: 120x85; all streets accepted by the city;
owner going to Europe; must sell ■
FOUR HEW FLATS ON MCALLISTER ST
Shl'-i RENT *1 260 PER ANNUM; 7.
&i ♦ V , 7 - Sand 6 rooms and bath each!
-£? k vi°. und * tlon c c - { lot 80x100; mortgage of
*10,000 can remain if desired: this is cheap!
KLKQANT MISSION COTTAGE 3COeap> .
shfjfl()n CONTAINS- ROOMS AND BATH;
*®\JU\J\J. bay-windows; brick foundation, etc.;
large lot 50x90.
NICE RESIDENCE ON BUCHANAT STREET.
Q4400 a - s TORY AND BASKMKNN BAY-
*** t:iuu ' window house of 7 rooms and bath;
brick foundation, etc. ; lot 30x62:6.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Rec-
ords," which contains a list of properties for sale
In all parts of the city.
G. H. UaIBSKN A Cu., 14 Montgomery st.
SHAINWALD, JJCCKBKK & CO., itKAu _3-
... „■ TATE AGENTS.
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
• HOUSES RENTED.
. $8750— Jackson st-, N. side; modern 2-story bay-
window residence of 9 large rooms and bath;
partly finished basement: street bitumen: stone
Fdewalk; mortgage $3500 can remain; lot 26:6 x
100 feet. : ..
$5500— Tehama St.. near Third; lot 60x80 feet
with 8 flats; rents $64; lot alone is worth the price
92250— 0n1y $100 cash: balance $20 a month,
R^nie as rent; new modern cottage in the Mission;
contains 6 rooms and bath and basement.
$-650— 0n easy terms: $500 cash, balance *20
monthly; new cottage of 5 rooms bath: on
Church St.; 26x100 feet
$1500— Capp st., near 15th; 25x75 feet; street
work nil done.
" 50— Price reduced; modern 2-story house of
6 rooms and bath; Webster St., near Washington:
lot 26x97:6 feet.
$2500— Rents $24: 2 flats on Church st, near
Valley: 4 rooms and bath each: lot 27:6x114 feet.
925(;0— Reduced from ?3-50: positively must bo
sold; no reasonable offer will be refused; new
cottage.
$3000— NE. cor. on Bush St.: lot 25x100 feet.
$4250— Lot 54x136 to rear street; good 2-story
house of 7 rooms aud bath: also stuu.e, fine gar-
den, fruit tr<vs, etc.: offer wanted.
912.000— Residence on the corner of Fulton and
Steiner sts.; all modern Improvements; lot 55x
110: will sell house, with lo: 27:6x110, for $9000:
easy terms If desired.
$5750— Fiats and rear house: renting for $56:
Harrison st., near : lot 27:6x85 feet
$6250— Rents $52 50 per month: 2 fine flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath; Stelner st, near Oak; lot
25x115.
*4250— Rents $44 per month; Clara st, near
6th: lot 25x80.
$7500— Reduced from $8500; lot alone is worth
the money; make us an offer; Pacific Heights
residence of 8 rooms and bath; Jackson St., near
Buchanan: lot 30.x 117 ft. to rear street.
$4500— Vallejo st., near v tb»terst. : _nest block
on Vallejo St.; lot 27:6x137:6 ft: $20C0 can re-
main.
$4000— Near Ellis and Jones sts.: 2 flats of 5
rooms each: rents for $3U; lot 22xH9 feet.
9560O— Corner Bush mid Hrodenck sts.; cottage
of rooms and bath: large lot. 34x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked; the last of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all been sola within
the past month.
*40 10— Cottage 1425 Geary st., near Laguna;
lot 24:11x120 to rear street: 6 rooms.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
$600— Worth 91000: only one block from the
Mission carhonse: lo: all ready to build on
The above is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list on application.
■ . -HAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
. 218-220 Montgomery at. Mills building.
MCAfKK BKOTHEKS,
REAL ESTATE brokers
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
lots MONTGOMERY ST.
CjfiKOO CASTRO ST., NEAR MARKET:
*ip\Jtj\J\.>. new store and flat; rents 945 per
month; street work done: will exchange for va-
cant Mission corners
©.£7OO JACKSON ST., NEAR the pre-
»PU I \J\J. sidio; home built for owner's own
use; - stories; 8 rooms; all conveniences; as-
phaltum street and cement sidewalk; flue view of
city; lot 27:6xl27:feVi-
© I QOO GOLDEN GATE AVENUE, NEAR
CiICUU. Baker st: 25x137:6; street macad-
amized; cement sidewalk; sewered lot, level and
ready to build on.
I (W(\ PRICE REDUCED: WALLER ST.,
<X)X\JO\J. near Masonic aye.; 25x149: extra
depth; good neighborhood; street graded and
sewered. -- ••_ - -
CjOOX LOT IN LAKEVIEW; ONE BLOCK
»_ «)_.»J. from Ingleside racetrack and 2 blocks
from electric cars; level and ready to build on; a
a cheap lot
McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
p EDUCED PRICES; SAFE INVESTMENTS.
©O^OO COTTAGE AND 2 LOTS: NEAR
C — O\JVJ . Geary-st cable ; lot 60x116:11; part
cash.
Ql-S PER FRONT FOOT: POINT LOBOS
'^I\JO aye.; on cable line; lot 84:11x100, or any
size; part cash. • • . ■•
Gi;7on PER LOT: KIMBALL PLACE, OFF
•_ I XJXJ Sacramento st M near Leavenworth: 3
lots, each 25:10x56: centrally located; very
cheap building lots; sunny exposure, itood view
<l<Hl!i COR - A ST. AND 38TH AYE.:
<© IUUU . 96x100; 1 block from Stitro cars.
©1 1 i\fi CLEMENT ST., XI!. FIFTH AYE,;
"Z'X. X\J\J. 25x100; level building lot.
-- -H. E. POEHLMAN, lit a Estate Agent,
■ 415 Montgomery st.
ffl>7 9rLn' RENTB $70 50. ;"l-L?f.'?
<2) I —O\J. GRKAT SACRIFICE. <
Choice income property; Pine St., near Fiilmore •
lot fronting 2 streets; 2 flats on each street.
©4.^00 rents $44.
<ID*-O\J\J. 2 fine flats on wide street near Sut-
ler and Fiilmore; must be sold.
<nn Q7K CHEAPEST LOT IN CITY.
«IpXU I O. Hayes-st. car line, near Devisadero st.
.-■-,; UURNHAM A MARSH CO.,
628 Market st,
| ' Opposite Palace Hotel.
©Ql 00 2 I'LaT, 9-ROOMED HOUSE; COR-
«3J)OXUv/. nenot
i!rt)so— B-roomed cottage.
22000— 5-roomed cottage.
. 91950— 6-room ed cottage.
— 1-roomed cottage.
Take Howara-st. cars to Potrero aye., walk two
blocks east oa 24th St.; large lots: easy terms. F
NELSON, builder. "J, °" ";
IjAKGAINS— BARGAINS BARGAINS "
IF YOU WANT A FINE BUILDING LOT. WE
have it. ;. ; . •
TF YOU WANT A FINE INVESTMENT LOT
i. we have It.
DARK LOTS, MISSION LOTS AND OTHER
X lots at great bargains, on $5 monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A NICE 5 OR 6
room house? Take a run out to the HEY-
MAN TRACT on the 22d-st. branch of the Mls-
sion-st cars and see the cottage Just built
on Alvarado st., near Douglass; material first
class; house built to last: over 60 houses built; _
few lots left: street work done; we would like to
build for you; terms easy.
, JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
©11 fkf\ 4-EOOM" AND BATH COTTAGE
«5 Lx«JU. and level lot; largo basement: brick
foundation; all new: $150 down; 915 monthly;
near Mission and Thirtieth »:«. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 .Montgomery st.
\4A-E AlToFi-lifi. ~~
MUST BE SOLD.
94200— Lovely, elaborate seven-room cottage on
Golden Gate ave-. near Baker st; liana-frescoed;
ter ms to suit; lot 25x137 TOBIN A Me-
N'ALLY. 630 Market st.
©l nnn FINE lot. 100x100, in BERKK-
tjDIUIIU. ley; 916 monthly. < ■ •-■<-.
91500: corner, 100x100; macadamized. ° .
$500; lot 50x120; 920 down, $10 monthly.
8175; lot '^6x135; 910 down, $3 monthly.
Lou of other lots, $5 monthly.
" CllAb. A. BAI-KY, 20 Montgomery st.
S~~ AN RAFAEL LOT CHE AP. 75x130; NICEST
location In town; street work ail done; half
price. J. It ROCHE, Han BafaeL '
A bHBUKY HEIGHTS AND PARK FLATS:
J v. 3 to 9 rooms and bath; modern Improvement.*;
99 up. Apply 1718 Waller St., T. HELBING, Agt
CITY -• REAL ESTATE.
M A A DIS -" «fe BURKE, KEAL -STATE
Agents; established 1858; 6ZB Market st.
$12 000 J E S, NR. CFARRELL; 3
,i 1 'V, ' now flats rented to one tenant;
small outlay to turn into store and 2 flats.
D ,^" ST ; HILL RESIDENCE; MUST BE
\J sold; price reduced from $8500 to $6500; 1320
Leavenworth st. ; 9 rooms, bath; large unfinished
Basement ; improvements Alt see this at once.
T> EDUCED; $15,000; BUSH, NEAR DUPONT;
xt 2 stores ami lodging-house; 41:6x63. '
TT. I^ 0 ANT MODERN RESIDENCE; 8 ROOMS;
XJ beautifully decorated; very cheap: third cash;
balance same as rent; 1007 Castro st
flsl Pt Odd BUTTER ST., NR. WEBSTER;
JIpIU.UUU. double lot, 50x137 :6; four new
flats ; paying over 9 per cent.
©7^oo REDUCED FROM $9000: PARK
i OKJyj. residence; N. side Fell St., near
Broderick; 8 rooms an I bath; 25x137:6.
©/sfkfir| PAGE, NKAR BRODERIOK; HESI-
<iISvJ\J\JV/. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
b7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
ffi f^nnn *FI—^TS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
«_)UUUI/. Ridley, rents $44: lot 26x77:4;
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE. _
©OKOO ITCH, NH. 8D AND FOLSOM; 2
«iP«JU\JU. houses; 2 frontages; pays 12 per cent:
lot 25x75.
CLEMENTINA ST.. NX. 4TH.;TENEMENTS;
\J rents 947; lot 25x80; only $3500.
QQOOO RENTS 9336 PER. ANNUM; 3
<POVUvJ. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
$_9£?ofl army, near Dolores ; cot-
«]P_OUU. tage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 25x114.
PROVED PROPERTY.
Corner California and Locust; 37:6x107:7; make
any offer.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages: will sell
in subdivisions.
$3500— Hayes, nr. Fillmore; elegant view; 25x
106:3.
1 4500— 24th, NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 50x114.
. 54000— 65x117 :6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 236. ■
92700-BroderiOk, near Bush: E. side; 30x103.
$8250— Hayes, nr. Fiilmore: 25x137:6.
$2400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
92200— Lyon, near Grove; 25x100.
82050— Ridley, near Scott; 26x117:8. ■ - >.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick; re-
duced from $3000.
$2000— Capp st., near Adatr; 25x75. >
$1800— Noe. near 18th: 25x110.
91300— 19 th, near Sanchez: 25x114.
$1000- Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Lobos, nr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
MADISON -BURKE, 626 Market st.
a. H. Lissajc. O. F. Yon Rhkin-.
OF. YON RHEIN <fc CO.. REAL ESTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street
$20,000— Second and Minna; 40x77:6withan L;
2 stores, upper flat and rear house: rent« 117 50.
$9000— near Greenwich; 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window flats of 6 and 6 rooms and batn each
rents $95.
97000— 2 d stand South Park lane; 45:6x98:
2-story house.
$6500— Pacific st., near Hyde: 23*80: front
house 2 flats, 10 rooms and bath; rear house 4
rooms: rents $43.
$6230— Post st., near Webster: 24x91:6; hand-
some 2-story residence: all modern improvements;
9 rooms and bath.
$6000— Chenery, near 30th| 81x125; rear;
street on railroad 123x125; 2 houses-
s6760 — near Franklin; 28x130; 3-story
house. 2 flats; 13 rooms; bath.
$5600— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60: brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$4800— Powell st., near Pine; 22x65:6; 3-stor/
house: 18 rooms.
94600— Vallejo, near Leavenworth : 43:9x137:6:
two rein i and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath;
rents 946.
$5000 -Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
84000 -hryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2 -story house
Of 9 rooms and ba'.h.
$3000— Bartletu near 26th; 25x75; 2-story
house, 7 rooms and bath.
$3800 Saif Carlos aye., near 21st st.; 22:6x75:
2-story house. 9 flats, 7 rooms; $2550.
$3750— Perry St., near Third; 25x76; 2 flats: 8
rooms and oaths: rents $33 50.
$3000— Hinimelman. throuch to Salmon; 20x60;
house on each frontage; rent *29.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth: 22:11 x
137 :6: rear house and stable.
$2500— Erie st., near Mission; 2-story house: 7
rooms and bath; 25x85.
$1650— Kolsom St., bet. Union and Jefferson;
brand new cottage: latest Improvements; 5 rooms
and bath: $500 cash, balance $16 per month; 25x70
9130U — Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
75; one 2-story and 2 cottages.
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leaven worth: 75x87:6;
will subdivide Into 3 lots.
Valencia, near _sth-gt railroad station; 61x
117 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army: 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4800-^'Sd and Florida; 76x104.
$KOoO— irtJth and Bryant: 25x113.
91500-Hydest, near Filbert; '-'0x68:9.
. $1250— Oaks, near 25th; 26:6x100. '
•I*oo— 4 lots; Ocean road, near 2Uh; 100x80.
$1200— Cor. B and 25tn aye.; 60x188.
$700— Silver aye., near Craut; 60x109; College
Homestead.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th ; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty -eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
JOHN PFOKR, 3*9 MONTGOMERY ST., OPP.
O Safe Deposit, offers for sale:
937.000— Business property; stores and flats;
pa vine $300 per month.
98000— Residence 10 rooms, etc, on Vallejo st ;
lot 63:6x137:6.
96000— A beautiful home opposite Garfleld
square, on Treat aye. ; 7 large rooms: modern ar-
ranged: lot 49x112:6.
$15,000— Mission st, a few doors from the new
Pojtoflice site; a nice 2-story bay-window house;
10 rooms and bath ; lot 25x85.
{9000— Nob Hill residence: 9 rooms; modern
arranged.
3-7,500 — A prominent Misslon-st corner, 65x
100; well Improved: rent $2256 per annum.
Reduced to $12,000— Ninth st.. near Mission:
don be flats: bav-wlndow; lot 25x70.
910,000— Sixth St.; substantial 3-story honse;
12 rooms; oath; brick foundation: lot V 5x1 60.
$12,500— Howard st., near 4th. 2 stores and 12
rooms upstairs: lot 30x80; rents $76.
*'iooo— Thirtieth st : D-room house: lot 25x125
$3000— 7th st.. near Jjrannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $20.
UNIMPROVED. "
$10,000— Full block la University Moo nd Tract
$3300— Dolores St.. near 22d.
S3loo— On Fillmore s-.. : -4x82.
$800— Noe st:. near 50th; lot 36:6x75.
p HOICK HOME LOTS. 9350.
\J I can sell you choice building lots for 9360,
to he paid in installments of $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street work is all (lone;
traded, sewere.l and macadamized. Call or
send lor a diagram. Installment lots a
specialty.
E. M. LONG, 3207 Twenty-second st., cor. of
Mission. Open eveninsrs after 7:30 o'clock.'
POINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSK, 41ST, 42D
and 43d ayes. : choice lots on electric-car line.
BERNAL HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS; COR.
Powbattan aye., Butler, Banks and Seigel sts.
and Courtland and Crescent avis.
C. H. REYNOLDS A CO.. 323 Montgomery st.
©99HH A BARGAIN; DORE ST., BET,
C — -"». 9th and 10th, Bryant and Brannan
sts.; lot 25x85 feet; improvements. 4 parate
flats; rents $80 per month. BOVEE, TuY A
SONNTAG. 19 Montgomery st
OUSB AND LOT; 5 KOOMH, BATH; CON-
servatory; cellar; garden. 2439 Larkin at
©1 Gfin NICK COTTAGE; LOT 25x100 ON
ICUU. S. Broderick st. box 8, Call Office.
SOL GISTZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOB PARK LOTa
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations. -
Onr Installments are easier than rent.
©.1 00 To $260— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
£PJ.VLT at once; near Mission ana San Mateo
-lectricQar lines; only *5 monthly payments. ;
bOL GETZ A BROTHER.
$7 X, TO $1200— LOCATED LOTS NEAR
«4? I *J electric lines, north and south of park;
beautiful view of park, ocean, strawberry Hill, Op-
posite new music grounds, and Afliliated Colleges;
*5 aud 910 monthly payments.
■ SUL OKTZifc BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams. ~"
SOL GETZ <_ BROTHER, Owners,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Bulding.
CIOOD INVESTMENT; PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
\J i new houses; all modern Improvements:
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap; fine
marine vlew:conservaiory. Fiilmore and Green sts.
A ROOMS, BATH, NKW: 950 CASH. 915 PER
« n 0 1 -?' P-KATT. i-'mllvale station; THE
MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market at, San Jranclsco.
SfiQ&fl NKAKLV NEW. ATM ON THE
«i..U-UU. choicest part of Ashbury. Heights.
Frederick st, near Asnbury: contain 5 and 6
rooms and have every modern Improvement: well
planned: sun In every room; marine view; in-
come $660 per year; size of lot 25x116. For per-
mit to Inspect apply to TOBIN A McNALLY. 630
Market st .
ILL. BUILD . COTTAGES, HOUSES OB
»» flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN LIN STEIN, Builder, 630
Market st ' .-■
flt^KOO *300.CASH; ELEGANTLY FREB-
-<3SOUUU. coed 2-story, 7-roomand bath hornet;
high, plastered basement . Bunny side Geary st..
near Cook. -.:■:.■ ',■■•■' ■ - * ■
ALL HOME;. NEW; $50 CASH, $15 PER
-O mo.: Frultvale Terminal tract D. PKATT
Frnltvale Station: 646 Market st., a F.
3<l t{(i(\ COTTAGE 5 BOOMS, LOT 45x100,'
(OPJLUUU. in Berkeley; $100 down, $20 month,
ly; $500, lot 60x125. 520 down, $10 monthly
CHA.S. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
ÜBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSE- BUILT;
$150 tO $275 a room; 'parties contemplating'
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE. •
THE EKST BAKGAINS EVEK OFFERED.
X MODKRN RESIDENCES IN
PARK PANHANDLE DISTRICT.
AN'LY $500 CASH AND BALANCE bAME AS
v/ rent: contain resoectively 8 and 10 rooms,
beautifully frescoed and tinted; 3 handsome man-
tels; latest sanitary plumbing: up-to-date houses
In every particular; on car line and only two
blocks from park; large lots.
* These houses must be sold at once.
BALDWIN, A HAMMOND, .
10 Montgomery st.
A PRETTY COTTAGE.
JUST COMPLETED.
•%91 Aft ONLY $300 CASH, BALANCE $20
<£?■— IWi monthly; contains 5 rooms, bath,
etc.: another room can be finished In attic at a
small outlay: on Mlssion-st. car line and distant
20 minutes from town.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
A FORCED SALE.' '
JtY. JUST THINK OF IT. • • • •
©9 1 AA ONLY— A 2-STORY HOUSE; 6
*P_.-I \J\J rooms and batn; on Ivy aye., close to
Buchanan and Hayes sts.
The opportunity of a lifetime.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
GREAT BARIFICE.
vJT WORTH 910,000.
QjftOpiA FINE CORNER RESIDENCE, NE.
«i)W_.OV/. cor. Pine and Laguna sts.; contains
10 rooms, bath, etc
©w7KA COR. SACRAMENTO AND LYON
<pO i O\J. sts.: lot 25x105: 2-story residence of
9 rooms ana bath; stable in rear.
©QfinO GREAT BARGAIN IN THE MIS-
(IPUUUU, slon; double cottage, 4 rooms, and
50* r cottage of 2 rooms; rent $34; large lot,
00x1x5.
©94.00 HAMPSHIRE ST., NR. 21ST| NEW
tip-- xv«. cottage of 6 rooms, bath and modern
Improvements; lot 25x100: very cheap; easy
terms can De arranged.
©9^oo R ENT $26: 3 TENEMENTS ON
<P_.c>l/VJ. Clementina st, near Bth; lot 25x75.
©4Kf)O STEVENSON ST., NR. 18TH; 2-
»4P~t»"\». story house, containing flats; rent
$44; lot 26x80.
©9700 FINE 2- STORY RESIDENCE,
iip*J I \J\J. just completed; 6 rooms, bath and
basement; best part of Richmond; lot 25x120.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ • ~ 10 Montgomery st.
HOICK LOTS.
V _ BEDROCK PRICES.
©07K ' VERY CHEAP; FINE LEVEL LOTS
<HH» I _•• on 25th aye., bet Point Lobos aye. and
Clement st: each 25x130: $50 cash, balance $10
month'y; Sutro electric-cars on Clement st. ■.-.->■■•
700 EACH — BARGAINS; 11TH AYE.,
«_> 4 \J\J bet. California and Lake at*.; 2 lots,
each 25x120; 950 ca«h, $10 monthly; street work
all done.
I $1500 21ST ST "' NRI ORES ; 25x104.
- '--. BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
___ 10 Montgomery st
GO TO-DAY AND BEE THK
64 LOTS FRONTING ON
• •■• STAN AN STREET : ■»; -
FREDERICK STREET
HHRADER KTRfET 1
BISULAH STREET
COLE STREET
Prices $1250 upward.
Your own t*-rtu_ .
Thi* property is a new subdivision, placed on
the market just two weeks ago. Already a
number of lots have been sold, and much In-
terest has been manifested In thio the most
important subdivision of the vcir. We invite
you to Join them. If you see these lots you
will agiee with us that they are not only
chol c residence sites but also the best in-
vestment Jots In San Francisco. Remember
this property faces the park and Is near th>-
site of the Afliliated Colleges, the contract for
which has just been let The lots are all
large and level; street work done. Don't
wait, but see them at once. The best lots are
going first.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
j 10 Montgomery st
AM. SPECK A CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. Solid and paying Investments.
i SDOO C^SH, 91600 IN MONTHLY PAY-
I «J \J\J ments same as rent, buys that lovely 6-
i room cottage half block from Misslon-st cars: this
property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
Q^T^vO 3 NICK FLATS ON LEAVES.
«£}_■! O\J. worth st; all rented; pays 10 per
' cent net; h_tf cash.
©COO t-'ASH, 81200 ON MORTGAGE, BUYS
tITOU" 2 nice flats near the U. a Mint: don't
wait but see us immediately.
Q.IOOO CASH > $3600 BANK MORTGAGE, I
j «J3 ■L\J\J\J buys 3 nearly new flats: car line; only
j few blocks from City Hall ; all rented; $47. '. ;.
; ©9000 C ASH AND $2000 ON MORTGAGE
i *Z)£d\r\J\J buys 5 flats near Oth and Howard sts. •
' rents 947. - -*—-•
I ©9000 CASH, 93000 MORTGAGE, BUYS
; «O_.V/V/V/ 4 fine flats, half a block from Seventh
| and Market sts.; rent about 9550.
! ©(-'OOO 8 8-KOOM COTTAGES, WITH LOT
«pUUU\J. 112 feet front: good location: paying
over 12 per cent: must sell; loss no object.
©0000 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
<J)O\J\J\J. fronts; rents 91000: near Call Office;
i terms, one-half cash; any reasonable offer wanted.
I ©14 000 5 FrKE FLATBONMASON ST.- I
( <t3>l^±.UUU. large lot; rents over $100.
•5 4^ 000 BUSINESS property near
jg JrJ.\J\J\J. Fourth and Market sts.; rents
$ _000«
j SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
L"OR BAI.E— KLEGAN NEW MODERN RES-
X ldences situated on Gongh St., near Broadway;
j contain 8 to 12 rooms, all modern conveniences*
I flue view; good neighborhood; complete street
' work; these houses should be seen before pnt-
, chasing elsewhere; terms easy; houses open.
i TTOt FOR FITCH !
TO-DAY TAKE YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON thk fitch-
BURG, san leandro and
hay* Wards LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUIT VALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
..;. .. KST SUBURBAN .TRAIN ON
THE PACIFIC COAST. F T K O RK^'
DIRECT BOATS AND 1 RaI.NS FltOM FERRY
FOOT OF MARKET STRKET. TO
FITCH STATION IN
FORTY-FIVK MINUTES.
■■ Alameda, Berkeley and 1-rultvale trains singed
I by the -itchbursc scorcher. Haywards electric
i cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get off the
I earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented andprosperous In Filch-
burg. -* - . , • ...
Fitchburg is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up to-date public ai.d private im-
I provements In Ibe vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
busln?ss center by natural location. railway
i lines low operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sniiing vessels on
j j'aklani harbor, and the excellent cjunty roads
I leading to it, are inconrestible proof*. It Is reuu-
I larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
' streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen troves.
NOW IS THIS IIM_ TO BUY.
For a home while cheap; for speculation on a
rising market: for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pa y; no .street
in pro vein to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your Coots. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-street tracts in
an inaccessible bayneld. -
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street; double frontage. • Terms, 10 per
*nt cash; deferred payments In easy Installments;
title perfect »- .
W. , F. McCLURE.I9 Montgomery St., S. F.
THAD.S. FITCH; Fit, hburc-
C. BEMIS, " " ~~ ! '
. BJiA L ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. . 324 MONTGOMERY
. '.' ' FOR sal,.-;
$450— san Carlos Villa lot; 100x160 feet.
$6700-50x127:6 feet on Jackson stToverloo*
I tog the Presidio and bay. , TC " OQ *
6000— modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :0 feet; electrio road passes houses:
1 make offer. ' ' ■ • -
f SER O^- le «* w - corner of .Cole and Carl sts.
I Choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— BW. cor. Fifth ay. and ( ' st. : 109x95 ft
TNGL-HIDK-MAONIi-ICJfiN'r nt.>lui \th"
X near racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafton sts.: 11
rooms and ba:h, wooden mantels; all modern im-
provements: lot 62 :tJx 125; sold at a gi eat sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON & C > 2 Valencia at.
© r^OO CASH.BAUACE same as KENT!
t^OVfKf for a new bouse on east nide of Cole st.,
! near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; laree lot 'i6xl_s :
j all_moder_jniprovements. A puly on premises.
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
"_~D^Tc_TF^E_?-_^IV^K^_^AWS~A^PK6tT
-*- «-t— j private: bo charge unless sncceesfaltaU
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta. at*
tended U. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. Bjo MarkM.
VTOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 536 t r AIUMJTT
Xl buildlne: consultations free: moderate fees.
INGORE A MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS'aT
law, room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
ADVICFFREK; NO CHARGE UNLESS SCC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market at
' F. ARAM. ATT'Y-AT-LAW,SSI PAKROTT
.bldg. Practices in nil conrtstcharg* moderate
professional cards. '
tSbankshay, attorney-at-law. room
X I 421, fourth floor, Parrott ballding (Emporium).
JOHN K. UW OFFICES ROOMS
26 and 27, Crocker building,- .telephone Mam
75, -an Francisco, Cal. *■ - ". - - ' ' .
IOHNR.AITKKN AND MAURICE ASUEIt.
I O attys at law, mm 515.516. sth floor. Parrott bid;..
i ■~~~*~"**™"""^****~"~~~
;■;,_■ -.-."; to : LEASE. ••; "
F~~7SjC"r7-nt~o!TTea^se^^
cor. Polk. 'and Jackson " sts.: rent $90 per
month. Address J. - 4-7 Sanaome at, a. _*. . >
CITY REAL ESTATE.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS PROPERTY. -
FINE INCOME.
GOOD SPECULATION.
<3n f\C\f\ THKKK-STORY BUILDING ON
<PXU.I/UU. Larkin St., in 2 stores and flats:
always rented; -substantially built ana in first-
class condition; rents $1680 per annum: lot
40:6x87:6 lee
. EASTON, ELDBIDGE A CO.,
-■■••". 638 Market st.
HANDSOME HOME. ~~ '
NEAB GOUGH AND PINE STS.
REDUCED FOB IMMEDIATE SALE.
ffiJififififl FINE- RESIDENCE OF 9
\J.\J\J\J. rooms, bah and basement; sub-
stantially built; .handsomely decorated; in fine
condition; lot 28x157:6 feet, ..
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
'- . 638 Market st.
GOOD INVESTMENT • -■ ■ ■
ON HTEINKR STREET.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
©XT 9K STOKE AND 5 ROOMS AND FLAT
♦J) «/ 1- _.«.>. of 6 rooms and bath: good business
locatiou: nearTnrk St.; In Al condition: reduced
from $6000 for. Immediate sale; mort—tce of
$3000. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
; 638 Market st.
SNAP. "
MODKRN RESIDENCE.
AT A SACRIFICE.
©CAAA handsome house OF 9 booms
*ioiJ\J\J\J. and bath;. all modern conveniences;
on Stelner st., near McAllister; cost 9850U; owner
must sell; lot 25x108:6; only half cash required.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE A CO.,
. 638 Market st.
MISSION INVESTMENT.: ~
NICK PAIR OF FLATS.
SEVENTEENTH ST., NR. HOWARD.
CJQ^AA TWO FLATS OF 6 ROOMS EACH;
*FOUxJ\J. also stable In rear' always rented:
pays $300 per annum: lot 28x100; there Is big
value in this. EASTON, ELDRiDGE A CO.,
638 Market wt
IjIG VALUE. ' ~
XJ MISSION REBIDENCE.
LOT ALONG WORTH THE MONEY.
55i^9flfi A COMFORTABLE WELL-BUILT
%Sp*Jj*\J\J. house or 7 rooms and bath on -'4th
st, near Florida: lot -.'8x100; sacrificed for imme-
diate sale. EASI ON. ELDKIDGE A CO.,
. 638 Market at.
AtOItCED -ALB.
lot AND improvements,
near MISSION load.
<3» oa a a COTTAGE of 4 ROOMS. stable,
<oO"±\J\J. outhouses, etc., with 60 bearing fruit
trees, on China aye.; large lot, 200x160 feet: three
frontages. EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' 638 Market st.
A SPECIAL LIST ~~ ~~ i
OK CHOICE LOTS
AT BEDROCK PRICES.
©QPinn' COR - POINT LOBOS AND 81ST
*IpOt)UU. ayes.; 120x125.
©DflHfi COR. POINT LOBOS AND 9TH
«I>OUUU. ayes.; 32:6x100.
•559^00 PAGE ST NEAR SHRADER:
«JPZDUU. 25x137:4
%99^H NW. COR. ON SANCHEZ ST.-
<T)_j_jOU. 100x126; will subdivide.
1 750. mil "T NEAR SPRUCE; 25x
©1 £AA POINT LOBOS ROAD, NEAR 22D
(©ItJUU. aye.; N. side; 40x100; cheap lot.
$1250. _g_S._ ***. KKAR BRYAIfTj
©1 nnn 8 lots, RAILROAD homestead
fS>X\J\J\J. Association, including 2 corners,
near electric-car line.
©7Afk SOUTH AYE., NEAR RICHLAND,
tjp I \J\J. Holly Park: 60x100.
©_flrt EACH— 2 CHOICE LOTS ON DUN-
<pttW can St.; 50:11x114; ready for building.
©OKA MOULTON AYE., NEAR DETROIT
O—«-)V/. St.: Sunnyaide: 25x112:6. 6
EABTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
6SB Market wt.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
r(\ HOUSES AND LOTS, FROM 91260
4V to 910,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to. , 16,000
20 liou-.es, Oakland, Alameda, $ 1000 t0... 8,01 0
100 business places, all kinds, from 950 to. 4,000
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?. L—
1 SELL AND EXCHANGE
All kinds of property ■— —
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market et. opp. Fifth.
OTS TO EXCHANGE FOR FURNITURE
or lodging-houses: lodKln^-huuses to exchange
for Southern California property.city.bay and ranch
property: also Umber land for exchange; list your
property with us: we c«n sell or exchange for
you at once; we have some rare bargains. UN-
DEKWOOD&CO., 765 Market St.
I^AKM, 50 ACIIESUP: VICINITY" STOCKTON
-T to Merced: exchange for city property; rents
$43 monthly; price $5500. 1. C. UCHARFF, 20
Montgomery st.
ORANGE GROVE, FRKK AND CLEAR, TO
exchange for san Francisco dwelling, free and
clear. Address Orange Grove, box 84, this office.
RANCH; 8-R. HOUSE; EXCHANGE
O<- for saloon or hotel. DECKER, 1020 Market
Oft ACKKS UNCULTIVATED LAND; 30
>■" miles south of Portland, Or. : exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant 17 Third, rm. 'it.
DIVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 PER CENT
per annum) for small home In San Francisco
or Oakland. Room. 615, Safe Deposit buying, S. F.
VOR EXCHANGE, N_AK LOS UATO9, A
-I choice orchard home for good clear property In
Ban Francisco or Oakland. Address box 288, Los
Gatos, C-l. - - .
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER A WHITTON. Saa Jos».
IOW/l ACKKS TJ.MJIKK*'_ANU, KKHN CO.;
_ — ,'. -\ ' water: flnt» for cat', ic-rilmng. N..bx.l6.CaU
PROPERTY WANTKD.
\y^ anteT>-from ; "d"to • 16 ." acres of im-
' » proved or unimproved land, with trees and
water if possible, bet San Bruno and Belmont
and no further than 1 mile from railroad station;
low price. Address C. D., box 89, this office.
\\r ANTED — SHALL IMPROVED FARM
'» within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 616,
Safe Deposit building, S. F. •
ll r ANTED— CHEAP FOR CASH, SMALL IM-
' ' proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call Qflice. .
MONEY TO LOAN.
(51 TfrVnniffAT "-OWEST RATES; CITY
ig)X\JV.\l\J\J and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; any sum.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEK&Ca. 218-220 Mont«y
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHKH,
_— . jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JKWJTmiY
hTORE, 948 Markft st : open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT 95 INTEK-
'•st per month for each 91000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOAN_i> ON JKWKLBY AS-"
other valuables at th« Security Loan Office.
lH)6M_rkettt..Dr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turic
I \IKECT ON YOUR FUKNITUUK OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: do commission.:', low
Interest Km. 68, Donohua bldg, 1170 Marke: sc
ANY AMOUNT: IST. 'ill or »U MOKTUAQ_»:
J\. estates, undivided interests, real estate In o~»
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3...
CITY REALTY ESTATES; ADVANCES ON
\J rents, pianos, furniture, etc BPECK A CO.,
602 Market st
PRIVATE PARTY LOAN* ON ANY GOOD
X security: low Interest N., box 15, Call Office.
OANS ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS
without removal; low Interest. R. 3, 216 Powel
A DVANCESONDIAiIONUs.JKWELKY, iSTO
J\ Columbia Ixmu iV Collateral ofHce. 9 Grant aye.
Q_CA UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
t_)UU gages: int. In estates. MURPHY ,62B Mr_t
AVIN(iS~BANKS' BOOKS BOUGHT. ROOM
615, Safe Deposit building, San Francisco.
\|ONK\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
JI MoE'. /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. .
JOANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1.
XJ 24 Montgomery at. ■
':-:C PAWNBROKERS.
BwisE 4 AND HAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and lie-
curity otllce, r. 7, Flood hldg. : entrance 809 Mkt
A T 120 KI.AKN ST., ROOM MONK y"
J\. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: Hedges for sale cheap.
DENTISTS.
r^R^O^i^DENTA'Ii I'AShOCiATION, 759"maR^
\J ket, bet 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gns, 91; plates. 96 up; flu, $1 up.
I vK. LUDLUM HlLI^ 1443 MARKET ST."
XJ near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas give*.
K.UKOSUK W. LEEK, T_K OKNUINK
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 0 to 20 O* Farrell st.
IOULL BKT OF TEETH, 97; . WARRANTED
X I five yean; extraction,. 60c.; flilln— 1 60c:
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth!
L/IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; FIRST-CLASS
a prices; flrst-class results: painless extraction-
Tel! Main 6375. W.C. HARDINU.M.D., 500 sntter
K. L. T. i -RANK— EXTRACTION PAINL -53."
crown work, bridge work and teeth wimou;
plates a specialty. 103 Ueary st. cor. Grant ava.
o*7 A SET FOR TKETK: Warranted As"
<p * good as can be made; ailing 91. Dr. si___
ot-ntlsi. 930 Market st. next Baldwin Theater.
AINLJiSS EXTRACTION, 60c; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates. $5 up: 13 rear)
experience. B. L. WALaH. D.DA. Hu4_Gear"
. A LL WOKK TO SLIT TiMESiWAWUSTED
A DR. REA. 1870 Market st . front CuTh»iiT
DX, i-'UCKETT, 170» I'OaT bT M NIiAR 81/"
• cnanan: gas given: crown and bridge wort. .
ALL WORK REASONABLE .AND ' WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TKETH WITHOUT A _-_ATJ_ »* U.
U. -YOUNG, 1841 Polk „,■. ■.
I It J. J. LEEK, lVOtt MARKET. COX GOLDEN
U bate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till hooa.
COUNTR. seal estate.
Gh. UMBSEN A CO.
• DAVID BUSH, country depart-
ment, 14 montgomery ST.
rtihe wise man BUYS WHEN everybody
X wants to sell, and country property will never
be as cheap again.
CM PER ACRE— EXCHANGE— SOOO ACRES
»4pTln Eden Valley, Mendocino County; fine
stock ranch, well wooded: improved and stocked
with sheep and cattle.
© X PER ACRE— EXCHANGE— 64O ACRES
VDU In Monterey Countynar,- San Miguel; house,
barn and outbuilding; family, orchard; a fine
profitable stock ranch. . • .
ffl»l {) PER ACRE— EXCHANGE-4400 ACRES
X\J on Cottonwood ' Creek, In Tehama and
Shasta counties: good grain, alfalfa and stock
rancu, with all the farming Implements and stock
on the place; schools and postofflce convenient;
home market for all products.
©OCnA EXCHANGE— ACRES NEAR
ap£iU\J\J, St-lma, Fresno County; 10 acres in
vineyard; good alfalfa land.
EXCHANGE — 330 ACRES NEAR LIVER-
XJ more: highly improved grain ana stock farm;
$11,000; for city, Oakland or Alameda property.
ifXCIIANGE— A HANDSOMELY IMPROVED
XJ Income business property in Los Angeles for
San Francisco desirable lots or business property;
value 912,000.
"CIXCHANGE— A HANDSOME NEW RESI-
XJ denceand lot in Sa:i Rafael, value 92800, for
San Francisco bonsu and lot.
fllQHfifi EXCHANGE; FOR 167 ACRES
*g)*J\J\J\J. near Solodad, Monterey County; all
improved: railroad and county road running
through the place.
<£'-}nfin 45 ACRES; IMPROVED INCOME
ijp*j\j\J\J. place near St. Helena, Napa County ;
all furnished and equipped.
fi^O^nn 7% ACRES 1 MILE FROM SAN
vTtJO\J\J. Mateo: Improved; adjoins Colonel
Haywards' property.
FOB RENT— A FINE STOCK, GRAIN AND
alfalfa farm of 620 acres. 8 miles from Marys-
ville; all fully equipped with stock and tools;
cash rent 9800 per annum. We also have some
fine ranches to rent In bay counties at cash rental.
NOW ~~~
Xl 18 THE TIME
TO BUY COUNTRY LANDS.
"I f*(\ ACRES NEAR THE BEAUTIFUL CITY
X \)\J of Santa Rosa, one-half in bearing French
prunes, balance wine grapes; fine improvements.
OA ACRES ADJOINING LAWRENCE STA-
— «v/ tlon in Santa Clara County, fine bearing
peaches, prunes and apricots: modern house 9
rooms; will exchange for part city property. ' -.'.■ : .•■ .
X OR 10 ACRES IN MURPHY HOMESTEAD
-> Tract: grand old oak trees; best fruit soil. 9125
an acre, one-fourth cash.
1 A ACRES ON SAN FRANCISCO ROAD IN
■*■ " Santa Clara County, opposite famous Delmas
place; all conditions extra favorable. 9160 an acre.
TO LEASE-160 ACRES NEAR LAWRENCE
In Santa Clara County; good house, large barn,
gushing artesian well, 'adapted to fancy stock
raising. .
4£ ACRES, ALL IN FINE YOUNG FRENCH
tr. _• prunes, near San Jose: will sell in 10-acre
lots at 9215 an acre. Easy terms.
EaSTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
'■ ' -'■'.''■ 638 Market st.
SMALL HOMES ON VERY EASY TERMS,
$2000; 10 acres f nil y improved, near Santa
Kosa, $2500; 10 acres Napa City, 16 acres, 92500;
Napa City; all places have good improve ment*
tools, etc. 1. C. BUHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
. A i.OAIN— ACRES OF LA WITH GOOD
-> house and barn; plenty of water: is on main
county road and only 5 minutes' drive from san
Mateo railroad station. *or particulars address J.
L_ COKNEC. Millbrae Store, MUlbrae, CaL
Dsi||a 104 ACRES OUODFUUIT OK GRAIN
VOUU. land, near S. P. R. R.; can all be cul-
tivated; de-d bargain. Address F. H. W.. 1109
Van Ness aye. : ■■ == • r - : ; .
V 1 LOR I STS, ATTENTION — FOR RENT, 8
X acres at Baden. San Mateo County; well Im-
proved. ASHTUN AGAP.DINKK. 411 Montgmy.
rPO LEASE— S36 ACRES, BAY POINT (STA-
X tion, Contra Costa. Miss N-ELY, 1614 Bush.
MO UNTALN ltA NCH TO ItK~N*T; CHEAP;
-i-'-t plenty wood; water. 817 Jessie st.
NUG HOME OF ONE ACHE, IMPROVED,
near Berkeley; $960. 8., box 92 Call Office.
SAN MAThO- SPLENDID RESIDENCE LOf:
O 100x180. H. P.. 607 Cape St., S. F.
INARMING that pays-60 HORSE
X beans per acre, _5 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, li; 00 bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Kstate; richest land in California: In tracts from
6 acres up; also grain and dairy land; price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer; don't buy
poor land; the best Is cheapest. D.D.BARNARD.
Kdna, San Luis Oblgpo Co., Lol. " '
v ARO AIN — RANCH. PLEASANTLY SITU-
-1 ' ated in the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa: sultanle
for a summer resort a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm; large house and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. O.
box 239, Napa. Cal.
i, OU SALK. SUBJECT TO INVESTIGATION
X and favorable bond, at reasonable figures, four
quartz claims and 160 acres gravel. Address
Mines, box 66, Placerville, . . ,
rpo RENT— SMALL ORCHARD WITH NICE
X house ana birn; fronting the Oakland and San
Leandro electric road; also a large tract of land
in the hillß. DRIVKR, aB_R -_. CO., San
Leandro, Alameda County.
Wanted— to rent, ranch WITHIN 100
»' miles of san Francisco: 30 to 80 acres; part
fruit Address M. J. CARLSON, Men.o, u_.
ASSIGN SALE. ! '
300 acres ctfolce level fruit and vegetable
land near Plcasamon, Alameda County; 1 1._ hours
from Ban Francisco: In tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Room 57, chronicle building,
Kan Francisco.
NY ONE WANTING A RANCH FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance la 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st
1 ITTLE HOMES, CLOSE TO TO.WA; TM-
XJ proved: easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 MarHet St., _ F.
TT SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
XX County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or San Francisco. Address A, box b!
Cell Office. ■
MEDICAL. ~~
A BLESSING TO' LADIES '. SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never fails: perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them Hick to make them
well; travelers helped mime Maieiy; prices to suit
the times: home in confinement. DR. A MRS.
]> AVIKK, 14 McAllister st. next Illberuia Bank;
consult- fr*e: French regulating pink pills, $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 6 P. m. nnd 7 to 9 p. _
LL CASES OF lUKKG U LAKI II RE-
stored In a few hour»; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without d^lay; pri-
vate home In couflnemeut: regular k radii ate phy-
sician: 30 years' successful practice: MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used : ladles, consult the doctor
before going* elsewhere; yon will save time and
expense; consultntlon free ani confidential.
MRS. DR. WYEIH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MKDK'INE. JNSTRU-
tnent or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician tor all female troubles, no matter
from ■ what ■ cause; restores always In- one day;
can be sent and nsed at home; nil cases guaranteed;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPKU. 318 Kearny sc.
ADIEB,CHICHESTEK"'a ENGLISH PENNY-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best: safe, re-
liable; take no other, send 4c., stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mall;
«t druggist's. ChichesterCbem. Co., Philadelphia,
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities In one day, guaranteeing a enre or
no charge; separate home tor patients; best skill;
low fees: regulator $•-'. 904 McAllister st. .
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities; 110 danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BUOS., Oakland, CaL
BS. DR. WEGENKR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
URE CUR- FOR ALL.FI. MALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home In con linemen;
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, br
MRS. DR. GWYER, B!i6 Turk st. '
RS. J. A. ACHARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mia-
- Bl__Bt ' - ' ' - ' ' ■'-' ----- *
MRS. DR. E. J. WILLIAMS. ELECTRICIAN,
has removed to 502 Stevenson st, cor. sixth.
TF IRREGULAR OK ANY I'UiIALK DI -EASE
Xsee MBS.DR. PUKTZ and be content i.'64% 4th.
V\R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NKAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children. ■■- ■
TJBIVATEHOM- IN CONFINEMENT. MBA
.*: DR. FUNCKK. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda,
: ' ~- LOST. •; "~~
f OST— SEPTEMBER le' DIAMOND PIN;
XJ two 3-leaf clovers: going from Stelner and
Bush to the Chutes via Fl'lmore and Haight-st
cars. Finder please return to 1904 Stelner st and
receive reward. .
Obi— LADY'S GOLD WATCH, PLATINUM
and gold fob ; narrow black ribbon attached ;
suitable reward. 313 Taylor st . .
OST— FUR BOA, ON TURK, BETWEEN
Gough and Van Ness. Return Sansome;
reward. ~_
T OST-LADY'S GOLD CHAIN, NEAR COR.
J j Webster and tter sts. Finder please return
to 726 Grove at. ■ - ■ ■ , - ■ -
T O3T-HMALL BROWN PUR^E CONTAIN-
XJ ins 915 35. Return same to Sergeant T. D.
McKenna. room 11-13, City Hall. *
mTI m REWARD— LO^T, SEPT. 11, 2 AC-
.O\J count books. Return to 1325 Mission.
T OST— A"T TIBURON, SEPT. 16,1896, . ADY 8
_ _ gold Hunting-case enamel inlaid watch, wt'h
flat gold neck chain. - Finder will please Icavo
same with MR. FORSE, railroad > agent Tiburon,
or W. H. HARTWELL, 107 Montgomery st, S. F.;
liberal reward.
———————— -—
FOUND.
TTiOTJND-OrOUNG LLEWELLYN SETTER
■T dog. owner call 813 liQtt st '. -■■-..■■'-
.'■ - . FINANCIAL. "
c_l nn nnA TO loan as low^ as banks."
UU.UUU Apply rm 222, Cal.Uafe Dep.Bldg.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oQB BROADWAY.
..._-•?.'• - OAKIAND RE ESTATE.
. < *£l9!7 ; : THI IS A BARGAIN: ONE ACRE
. ki, containing a home ■of 4 large rooms
and hall; hard flnUhed, high basement; barn,
Chicken-house; fine well and force pump: fenced,
etc. Apply H. a. PLBITNER, Frnit,vale station.
Q. | !\(U\ CASH-10 ACRES NEAR BRENT-
*DXk/VJ\J wood, mostly in bearing fruit and
choice table grapes; 4-room house; barn and shop;
good well, pump, etc.: a flne chicken and fruit
ranch; cost 93000. BENHAM A THOMAS, 465
Mnth St., Oaklana.
©07 Pin FINE 2-STORY HOUSE. 7 ROOMS,
tU •— ' I fJ\J . bath and modern; gooi lot, all street
work complete; within 2 blocks of station to San
Francisco:, nicely located and good neighborhood:
this place is well . worth 935U0. ALDEN A
!•■ i'.ONKNBKHu. 902 Broadway.
( >ITY residence to hXCHANGB for
V,' country. ALDEN A KRONEN BERG, 902
Broadway.
©OX A % ACRE ALL IN FRUITS 2 YEARS;
(jpUUU. small house, etc. near Frultvale. AL-
DEN A KKONKN BERG, 902 Broadway. •
PLENDID BARGAIN— HOUSE, BARN, ETC.;
0 over 3/2 acre flue soil: fruit trees; 91260.
LODGE ATu WELL, Frnltvale. •
Ofl Onft" HALF PRICE: MUST BE SOLD;
«IP±UUU. 14 lots, 25x150.
9625— 6 lotf>, 25x110.
»325— 8 lots, 25x150; _ blocks from electric cars.
LOWKY & OWEN. Fruitvale, near station.
Ir>Oß SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
X- Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth st.; lotUOx
850 feet; house of 10 rooms; grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
BEMIS, 824 Montgomery st. _^
ILL BUILD COTTAGES; FIRST CASH
payment $10 to 8160, balance monthly; 40
completed In Oakland to choose from free convey-
nnce. L. L. M. SALSBUBY, 902 Broadway.
V SPECIALTY IS ;
HOUSE-RENTING IN
**" • OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house. $25
l- story modern 6- room cottage 18
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
- -•- AND 300 MORE.
WM. M. D_WOL_\ House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
rilWO-STORY RESIDENCE^ OF 9 BUNNT
X rooms; all modern improvements: steam and
electric cars convenient; large yard and basement.
260 East Sixteenth st., Clinton station. East Oak-
land. - ■
OAKLAND KOO-IS TO LET,
THE ARLINGTON, NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts.. Oakland : a few choice suites
can now be obtained; table unexcelled; reasonable
rates: unquestioned respectability.
OAKLAND FUBNITUI'.K FOB SALE.
TT SCMKLLIIAAS, furnltnrß.-dealer, 11th. Oaxld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
fl_9_Cn 960 CASH, 925 MONTHLY; NEW
(J_IOU. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot 60x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2760— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, now building: your terms are ours.
92500— Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden; close to Chestnnt-st station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty, home; easy
terms. - . • -
special bargains in \ lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up.
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUSES
A REMMEL, Bay-st station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
San Francisco office. 628 Market st.
IOR SALE— '■ '■ ~ ■
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply '
, *-;• ■ tASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO,
6«8 Market st-
San Francisco, CaL
©£9F.A REDUCED FROM $6000 FOR THE
«JPc»_,«j»U. next 10 days only, that beautiful
new house of 7 large rooms, laundry and bath,
south side of Central aye., near Oak St.; nickel-
plated plumbing, beautifully frescoed, plate glass,
cement basement, etc. see this; open for in spec-
tlon. O. _.. M. GHAT, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
<2jf'AA LOT 50x150; GOOD LOCATION;
\J\J\J. easy terms.
91500— 33x160; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
92100—50x150: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—50x150; house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property; house
of 7 rooms and bath: corner lot; centrally located.
Houses to let in all partsof Alameda; office open
Sundays and holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1500 Park su, A ameda.
TWO FLATS, 6 ROOMS EACH: LOT 60x120;
_ northwest corner: streets Improved; net in-
come, $38 per month: price, $3760; artesian well
supplies several families. T. F. BaIRD, real es-
taieand Insurance. 1303 Park at.. Alameda, Cal.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TfToirETTTO^ -tEiposHi^Er^AßTiEsi^AN
X 11-room house with carpets, mantel mirrors,
curtain-poles; large garden, will be taken care of}
on Central aye.. one block from Morton-st station
N. Q. R. R. Address A. B. C, box 76. thlsofllce.
T?OR RENT— COMFORTABLY FURNISHED
X house; well located ; 8 . rooms, bath, laundry,
coal and gas range, chicken-yard, telephone, new
piano, conservator^ , flowers; reasonable. Address
•A'iQ7 San Jose aye.. near Willow St., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
ILT-EDGE BERKELEY CORNER; CHEAP";
VT College way and Durant aye.; 60x133; fash-
ionable neighborhood : street work done. J. P.
ROSS, 1605 Turk St.
LUXE CORNER; 130x75: $5000 MORTGAGE
I price, iuslde SO days, to save costs; rents at $40
per month. 2247 Channlng way, Berkeley.
©99fjr\ NKAR THE STATION; STREET
O— •— work all done; 'house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc: lot 46x125; a bargain. JOSEPH J.
MAbON", Berkeley, adjoining bank.
G~ OOiJ HU.Mh.i FOR 11KNT OK FOR BALE
en easy terms. O. <?. _I AY <fc CO., real estate,
bolldlng ami loans. '2.l'i^ (>nt»-r »_. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES. '
FOR RKNT, NKWLY' FURNISHETJ COT?
tage 6 rooms, lath and garden, $20. 1932
Berk"ley wny. F.nst Berkeley. ..
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
PROFESSOR OF MUSIC. OBLIGED TO D~n£
X pose of a fine Hardman plane, offers it at about
half cost Flood building, room 12, 809 Market.
1 BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CArtLOAD
-L lots and for cash, and being In mv own build-
ing, with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco; investi-
gate and be convinced. HARRY SCOTT, 626
Hayes st .• .
A 4-STORY BUILDING, CORNER OF
-— . Kearny and Butter sts., full of pianos; these
| Instruments are for sate on monthly payments of
*8, $4. $5, $6. $7. $8, $9, $10, $12, 815. $20 and
| $25 per in on the best of every grade from lowest
prices to Steinway Baby, Parlor and Concert
I Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
i bought from us for about seme payments ? every
i piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
! 'cover included; no charge for rimy age: pianos
| kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
I CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. also
I Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Seattle, Wash.; Stein-
wny representatives for the Pacific Coast.
CTUaLLY THE 81-ST BARGAINS IN Pl-
anos; see our list for this week; pianos on $3,
94, 5, $6, $7, $8, $9, 910, $15, $-.'0 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
• free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners .. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
N IMMENSE STOCK OF. NEW AND BEC-
ond-band pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLER A CHASE, 28
O'Farreli st., San Francisco. ,• ■
I>KTIBING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS ATA
XV sacrifices to promptly close out stock: Knabe,
Balnea and Bush A Gens. A. L. BANCROFT A
CO., 324 Post st.
LL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT RKuUCKu
prices, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market st. /
©1 I A STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST *475;
«ipJ-*IVJ. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth.
WANTED— CHEAP SECOND-HAND UP-
* right or square piano; cash. R.. box 72. Call.
Ql wA BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOH-
l*t\J* ton make piano. KRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AGNIFICENT STEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
Schubert; little used: sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
OOD UPKIOHV : CHEAP. FOX CAt»H.
rsCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hloernia Bank.
WG. JJAIXiEK, SULK AGENT FOli HALLET
.<& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 src" to
CVHICKKKINU.ICNABK, BTKCK.VOSE, BTKR-
/ ling pianos; see our netr pleno .'or 5187; ptaaos
:or rent BENJ. CUKTA- & boy, I*s barrel:.
y ko.v si au_ y. ;ioa POST bt.— sou-Kit.
Xt Newbv A- Kran-;. Krlg— t and other pianos;
QUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
OH. ML'LLKi:. maker. :vjr^r a i_cl:am Claca.
i'KOPOSALS.
"Proposals— WI!.LBE"REC_TVEDAT
X the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing of the Precinct -Registers to be
used at the election to be held November 3, 1896,
In accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14, 1896. : • . . ...r .
All bids will be opened at a meeting of the
Board of Klection Commissioners, on the 21st day
of September, 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. -
Each bid ■ must be accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order or the chairman of the
Board of • Klection Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thousand Dollars ($5000),. • . ■ t 'V? -
I W. M. HINTUN, Registrar of Voters.
HOJTJSES TO LET.
OA Q HAIGHT.9 ROOMS, BATH.LAUN-
U _:O dry, cement cellar, etc.... '....950 00
1717 Broderick, 8 rooms, bath, new plumb-
ing.... ........._ 40 00
2612 Kolsom, 12 rooms, bath, laundry 37 60
7"J6 Shotwell, 9 rooms, bath 80 00
533 Capp, 8 rooms, bath.. 26 00
BS6O Twenty-flrst, near Guerrero, 7 rooms,
' bath, front and rear garden.........: 22 60
Fifteenth, near Howard, 6 rooms, bath 20 00
929 Natoma. 6 rooms, walking distance ... 16 00
2134 Union, 5 rooms, bath, neat cottage.. .. 16 00
1019 Capp, 6 rooms .........:..:.... 14 00
1036 Sanchez,' d rooms, bath 12 50
434 Lexington ave.,f> roomi, batn 12 00
W. H. CRiai A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
OKI 9 CALIFORNIA, BETWEEN 6TEINEK
**** *-£J and Pierce: 7 rooms; bath; laundry; 'bil-
liard-room; porcelain tuo, etc.; newly papered and
painted; sun In every room; large yard: rent re-
duced from $55 to $45. __^^
©1 Pi MONTHLY— YOUR RENT WILL PAY
tJpJ-«J fora nice 5. r00m cottage; bouse built to
order, 91&00 to $200 payments $200 to $800
cash, balance monthly.
K. m. LONG. i'Mt 22d St., corner Mission. Open
evenings after 7:^o o'clock.
OXK/* TWENTY-SECOND ST, — 5 SUNNY
*JOO\) rooms, bath; near « Dolores; very cheap;
rent $12 50. •..■<■
9QI q caijfornia — FINE MODERN
***J XO house 8 rooms; bath; hot air heaters.
-STORY HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH; 925
acd water,. 625 Octavla Bt, corner Hayes.
OC\<J FOLSOM, REAR; NEW HOUSE, 8*
«JV/lj rooms; suitable 4 families: yards; closets;
rent $6 each. Apply 935 i-olMOm.
9 TENEMENTS; 3 AND 4~ROOMS: 98 AND
-- $10. 812 Jessie st. nr. Ninth. Key in grocery.
©90 HOUSE: 8 ROOMS _; BATH: 2SALINA
**P_ J "* place. off California, below Stockton. Key
at GEO. H. BUCKINGHAM, 416 Montgomery st
ffl»7C REDUCED FROM $90— FINK JSKW
YD • *J. and modern residence of 18 rooms 1 'i
baths, etc.; excellent location for private boarding-
house or residence; close to Van Ness and Post st ;
a positive bargain: liberal Inducements to respon-
sible Darty. SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
2ao Montgomery st.
PRIVATE HOTEL, COR. MCALLISTER AND
X Laguna: 2 floors, containing 35 rooms; all sun-
ny; Market-st cable passes: low rental. Full par-
tlculars, MADISON A BURKK, 6-6 Market st.
1 ft! A VALLKJO, NEAR UUUGU ~— Nr- VV
X_»X_: house; fine marine view; 10 rooms and
bath; modern Improvements; rent very reason-
able to suitable tenant.
9' PEARL. OFF MARKET— FIVE ROOMS:
-JO bath; large yard; stable; sun all day.
8 ROOMS, BATH, LAUNDRY AND UNFlN-
lshed basement; front and rear yard for flowers;
on quiet, delightful street: opposite private park;
932 60. DEMPSTER. 36 Glen Park aye.. off 12th.
LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 8 ROOMS: MOD-
X-i crn improvements; rent reasonable. 818 Me-
Allister st. : .
©Q HOUSE 5 ROOMS: FINE VIEW;
<PO. healthy. 1557 Kearny st.'near Greenwich.
HOUSE 6 ROOMS; STABLE, 10 STALLS;
large yard. 231 Ash aye., near Van Ness.
©."IO REAR HOUSE: 5 ROOMS AKDCBU
«3)XLf. lar. Inquire 72414, Howard st., near
Third.
O BOOMS; BATH. 17 HAMPTON PL A C«,
C off Folsom st. bet Second and Third.;
C£9E HOUSE: 6 ROOMS, BATH, BASE-
<JP-j- > . ment and yard. 621 Page st • -
©90 2814 LAGUNA ST. HOUSE 6 BOOMS.
%S)£i\J. 914—1831 Union st; house 4 rooms.
OUBEB TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. . . .
• COTTAGES TO LET. •
T^ABGE COTTAQ"_ir7-tSssts\"BAT_lTLXßa_i
XJ grounds, suitable for nursery; electric-cars
pass; cheap. 168 Old San Jose road.
OTTAGE— 6 LARGE" BOOMS AND BATH;
\J large yard and basement. 814 Dolores st.
C COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND FLAT 6 BOOMS.
J 820 V. Jessie st, off Ninth.
9 TEHAMA— SUNNY COTTAGE; 6 BOOMS;
newly renovated ; large yard; rent moderate.
fl_l O F\fi COTTAGE IN TOvVN. 3 TAY ST.,
$)XV;.UU.o_clar, bet Powell and Mason.
CUNNY COTTAOXS. 4 AND 6 BOOMS, BATE,
0 yard and stable. Fifteenth ana Dolores sts.
A TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES;
_r 910 to 916, BPECK _CO., 602 Market st
mWO COTTAGES OF 4 AND 6 ROOMS, BATH;
1 rent 99, $14. 323-327 Cumberland st
1 C 99 TURK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3-
xO£i/u room rear cottage: large stable.
9R9J. SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
-jCJ-^-: rooms and bath; yard; flower garden; 918.
p EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
XV Geary, Butter, Frank'in and other streets; get
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK A CO., 602
Market at .
* FURNISHED flats.
newly jtSbnished FLAT/f
rooms, at a sacrifice. 136 "rove st.
.FLATS TO LEX.
COR. PINE AND BTEINER, NEW I7P- ~"
per 7 rooms, bath, sanitary, «ta 935 00
3132 Washington, 7 rooms, bath 83 60
1025 Valencia, 6 rooms, bath 38 50
2518 Mission st. 8 rooms, bath 82 50
117 Hermann, 5 rooms, bath 20 00
68 Tehama, 6 rooms , 18 00
824 Filbert, 6 rooms, bath, marine view.... 18 00
207 Second, 7 rooms 18 00
6 Filbert, 6 rooms. 16 00
1211 Guerrero, 6 rooms, bath 16 00
421 Mississippi, 6 rooms, bath, $16: 4
rooms and bath, near Union Iron Works 14 00
II McLea Court, 4 rooms, bath 14 00
116 Dorland, 6 rooms ....14 00
W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st.
"DEDUCED TO $16: NICE 4- ROOM FLATb:
It 12 and 29 Birch aye., off Larkin St., opp. City
Hall; newly papered and decorated. SHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBES « CO., 218 and 2.0 Mont-
gomery st r "
JUST PUT IN THOROUGH ORDER AND
0 rent reduced; modern flats; 6 and 7 rooms;
bath, etc.; cor. Dolores and Twenty-third sts.:
electric cars pass; rents, 920, 822 60 and $25. Do
not fail to examine.
2 LOVELY FLATS, 4 AND 6 ROOMs, BA in,
gas: large yards; In perfect order: 4 rooms,
$13; 6 rooms, 916; water free. 3928-8980 Nine-
teenth st., bet Noe and Sanchez. '
6 -ROOM FLAT, $25; 6-ROOM, $18; NEW,
U sunny and modern; Nob Hill, 920 Pine: a
7-room flat, $38: 8-room, $40; sunny and modern,
opp. Stanford's, 724 Powell.
"IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
X cottage, see me; 1 have some nice furnished
cottages to let T. LUBE-SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<_( 1 2 SUNNY, 4-ROOM FLATS AND PORCH.
«£)♦./. 71 Boycest., off Point Lobosave.
FLATS, 3 AND 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD
and stable. Apply 2 Hay ward at., cr. Eighth.
FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; MARINE
view. 422 Fremont st. ■
TVT ICE SUNNY FLATS OF 4 OR 5 BOOMS AND
XI bath : reasonable. 6 Dearborn St., off Seven-
teenth, above Valencia. : . > : - •
UNNY FLAT OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
918. 2610 Bush st. - ■
PPEK FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
ment; rent $17. 822 Sanchez, nr. Sixteenth.
T7ILAT 6 ROOMS: YARD; ALSO COTTAGE 4
JD rooms; yard; all sunny. 623 Second st, nr.
Brannan. ■
LEGANT FLAT 7 ROOMS: PERFECT OB-
J— der: low rent to good tenant. 827 Howard
St., nr. Fourth. ' ■ "
PPr.K FLAT; 6 ROOMS; BATH; NICELY
papered. 410 Thirteenth st , .:
1 i)A NOE ST.— 5 BOOMS AND BATH: REA-
J — .--t sonable rent: Castro and Flllmore-st. cars.
TTPPER BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF » ROOMS,
— ' bath and porch; nicely tinted and frescoed;
turn I shed complete for housekeeping, 918: or
same downstairs, $12. 314 Filth aVe. . rj
I Ay. 1 OCTAVIA, NR. DESIRABLE
ltt_-l sunny bay-window flat, 5 rooms; gas,
bath, stationary washtubs, large basement.
V>l .» FLAT 4 ROOMS; 21 RITCH, NR. FOL-
<U)XO. som. Apply to H. PLANZ, 625 Geary ft
IF YOU WANT A NEW HUNNY FLAT OI" 7
rooms, bath, etc., look at 1416 Ellis, nr. Bu-
chanan; reduced rent ■ ■•
(_ 1 C\ tf PP-R FLAT, 4 ROOMS: HALL; DOU-
CpXU. ble parlors: references. 1006% Steven;
son, near Eignteenth. ■ ■
9»_> I 1 SIXTH — 4- ROOM SUNNY, UPPER
_Ols flat; rent $14; water free. \.<- •
7Q71 MCALLISTER- FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND
IO I 3 bath: all modern improvements; . rent
$ia Key 737. ■ . . - ..
TF YOU WANT TO RENT OR SELL A HOUSE
1 see GEO. W. H. PATTERSON A CO.
VJW. COR. POST AND DEVISADERO; NEW
,1V flat; 8 rooms and bath; $32 50. '
-1 A WEBSTER ST.— 4 BOOMS AND BATH;
xtr cheap to good tenant; no children.
1 9 AND 22 BIRCH AYE.— RENT REDUCED;
X—i newly papered and decorated ; opo. City Hall.
1/iF.fc.NCll FLAT, 7 KUOMS; BATH AND STA-
Xf tlonary wasbtubs; newly tinted; suitable for
doctor. Cor. Twenty-third ana Guerrero.
PPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS A.ND BATH: 2
bay-win sunny side Lily aye. ; rent 9 14.
418V 2 Lily aye. ■- - . . ■'.•-■ ' '
E" LEGANT NEW FLATS: FINE STABLE;
owner will be on premises Sunday. 743-745
C.'ayton st, bet Waller and Frederick.
UNNY FLAT— COX. UOUGH AND GROVE
sts.; 6 rooms and bath; rent 926. Key at
White's drugstore. - -
RENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS: BATH; WASH,
house and stationary tubs. 3941 Guerrero st, |
TV 1 LAT. 3 BOOMS; 'iATH ; NEWLY PAPERED:
X Mission warm belt 3513 21st St., far. Valencia
SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH 7
811, $10 and 89. . 2041 Harrison, opr>. 18th.
IpLAT. 4OK 6 ROOMS, BATH; CHEAP. 1513
X Taylor net. Paciflc and Broadway.
TTPPERFLAT, 6 ROOMS; BATH; CELLARi
U opposite Lnrline Baths. |Key 1212 Larkin.
91 CO FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
-HO Sunny flat of 6 rooms and bath; $14.
Additional Classified Advertise-
ments on Page 12. ' '
1112
FLATS TO liET-Contlnned.
TTPPER FLAT, 4 ROUMiS BATH, LAUNDRY
*J tub, tiled, sink, door opener, electric bells, etc,
overlorking private park, 920: lower flat, 6 rooms,
bath, laundry, large yard for flowers, $25; all in
perfect condition: on Twelfth st. DEMPSTER,
L! 6 Glen Park aye. —
A SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH: SECOND
tt floor: clean: delightful private street, $15.
DEMPSTER, 36 Gien Park aye.. off Twelfth.
T OWES BAY-WINDOW FLAT 6 LARGE
XJ rooms: yard. SO Moss St., between Sixth and
Seventh, off" Howard. I \
Oil 7 UPPER FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH. 4059
tD-L 4 . Nineteenth St., between Hartford and
Castro, near two cars; apply lower flat.
LAT; $19- 8 ROOMS AND BATH; 52*
X Grove st YON BUKIN <fc CO.
"LINE UPPER FLAT 5 SUNNY ROOMS:
» bath. 1006 Jackson St., near Mason.
mwo LARGE SUNnTrOOMS. WASHROOM,
X large yard for housekeeping. 23 Elgin Park.
0 ELEGANT FLATS NEAH CITY HALL; 4
Z and 5 rooms. 6 and 713 Grove at.
"apT~i CHOICE SUNNY 4 ROOMS. 1120 a
ilbx'a:. Broadway.
ANT>D— 2OO GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market St.
IPLATS TO KENT FOR VERY LITTLE
Jr money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st- ■*':
tQAA TURK. bear — sunny, upper
t_) — U flat; all light rooms; rent 912.
91 o SEVENTH, NR. HOWARD — UPPER
*- I• ) flat of 4 sum. y rooms and bath.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
~~~~~~~-""- Bartlett Street. ~^
AC)(\ BABTLETT, NEAR TWENTY-FIFTH-
±— \J 2 or 3 large bay-window rooms, complete
for housekeeping.
Buchanan Street.
n(\n BUCHANAN, CORNER SUNNY
UU^ii furnished bedroom, kitchen, pantries; $11.
ilush Mice;..
9QI Q 1 BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
AUXO2 lors and single rooms; housekeeping.
Clementina Street.
09 CLEMENTINA, BET. FOURTH AND
*j£i*i. Fifth— 2 rooms, front and sunny, complete
for housekeeping; 910.
fcddy Street.
Ql C EDDY-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
OX O private family; fine location; gas range.
Ellis Street.
QQA ELLIS-TWO SUNNY BOOMS FOR
OQ\J houseKeeping in rear; rent ?12.
Elgin Park.
AH ELGIN PARK, NR. RIDLEY— TWO FUR-
tt I nished rooms »or housekeeping; bath; gas.
1 mil street.
107 FIFTH— PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
XVJ I nished large front room to let. ;-' ..
"I Itl Fl*TH— 2 ROOMS, FURNISHED FOR
XIO-> honseKeeßing, $12; other rooms, cheap.
*-*l A FIFTH— LAKGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
* J - t room and kitchen: bath; yard; private; 91 L
1 illiiKirc Street.
Ql9 SUNNY' FURNISHED PARLORS: USE
«IPI-^. of kitchen, bah, laundry, yard; no ob-
jection to 1 child. 213 Flllmore St.. near Haight
First Street.
99Q FIRST, NEAR HOWARD — 4 SUNNY
+•*- O rooms for housekeeping; large yard; rent
cheap.
i- olsom Street.
1 94.1 FOLSOM— BAY- WIN DOW SUITE AND
I— "ii kitchen, complete, $15; 2 unfurnished,
flO; reference.
lourth street.
99' FOURTH — ROOMS SUITABLE FOR
~.—O light housekeeping; also single.
QAO FOURTH-NICE SUNNY SUIT& FUR-
O\JO nished rooms: also housekeeping.
Franklin Street.
A-l r FRANKLIN — LARGE FURNISHED
JiXO room, bath: gas: suitable for housekeep-
ing: $8: also room for 5.
Fulton Street.
11 (\ FULTON— 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
J-XU moms complete; sunny; large yard; $10.
v-«.«»; y Mms*.
A 1 A GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
rtl O rooms; complete for housekeeping; 910
upward.
©99 ?.A FOR ADULTS; 5 ROOMS. BATH:
<!?——•'-''•'• all necessaries; 2 beds; reference
required. 1917 Geary st.
nowaril Street.
7 Aft HOWARD— 5 ROOMS FURNISHED
• ttU for housekeeping; rent $17.
091 HOWAKD-SUITE OF ROoMS FOR
Cj&X housekeeping: 2 beds; 93 per week.
04; howard — large sunny* room,
OttO furnished for ho :sekeepin?; bath.
1 9^. t HOWARD— NICK LARGE BAY-WIN-
■A — O~t dow room: suitable for housekeeping;
very cheap. ■..-.
Hyde Street.
6 HYDE — 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
rooms, complete, 915; 1 nice room for gen-
tleman.
Jackson Street.
Q9A JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
»/_,U nlshed sunny front, large housekeeping
room, $9; single $4.
0 essie Street.
aOO X, NEAR MINT— 2 PLEASANT
TrOt/ . peeping rooms, furnished; also sin-
gie: cli.^.,.
Lark in Street.
AC)Q LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED AND
"±ZuO sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
if desired. .-. ...
Leavenworth Street.
C 1 C LEAVENWORTH - FURNISHED UP-
OXO per and lower floors housekeeping; perma-
nent reasonable. ;
Market Street.
1 AO9 MARKET — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X\JOj-i keeping rooms, in rear, 92 week; also
single, 91 50 up. .-'•.-::
Martha Place.
3 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BETWEEN
0 Taylor and Mason sts.— Furnished sunny light
housekeeping room; reasonable.
JlJUua >tre»..
ICC MINNA— a HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS
XOO or single. • .  • -.
9^'Q MIN.MA- FURNISHED BOOMS FOR
— U»J housekeeping. :.s-'-i.
A*\A MINNA— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
"Oi housekeeping: also single room, cheap.
p. 7E MINNA— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS FOR
O I O housekeeping.
iiiph.oll Mree,.
rr 7 MISSION— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS
00 I complete housekeeping; convenient; $10
month.
Q^/«l MISSION— bUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
OU"l2 rooms, furnished, unfurnished, $5; single
room $4. .. ;
00-Q MISSION— 2 NEAT ROOMS FURNISH-
OUOed complete for hous»keeping.
1 A'JQ MISSION — 4 SUITES OF NEWLY
J.V' tO furnished rooms for housekeeping; gas; !
baths: hot and cold water free: rent $12, $14, $16 I
and 920; also single rooms at moderate rates.
TACCAND 106.S MISSION — CHEAPEST
X.\JOO and cleanest housekeeping; and others.
■1 C 99 MISSION— FUKNISB ED ROOMS FOR
1 — _ housekeeping: upper flat, sunny rooms.
Natoma Street.
OQ NATOMA— NICE SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
\JO nished complete for housekeeping, 98, 910.
NATOMA, COR. EIGHTH— FURNISHED
or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping;
reasonable. ■ ■
Ninth Street.
91 BAY-WINDOW ROOM: LIGHT
juX housekeeping: running water; also others.
Oak Street.
I A OAK — 2 SUNNY FURNISHED BOOMS
J-U for housekeeping.
©in UNFURNISHED SUNNY FRONT
<i]pJ.U. room, bay-window, kitchen, first floor.
$6 50— Bedroom and kitchen. 48 Oak st.
Octavia Street.
1 yfAQ OCTAVIA, COH. GEARY— EAY-WIN-
Xtt\JO dow; folding-bed; kitchen; gas stove.
Pearl Street. ~~ ~~"
O PEARL. COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA—
O Front and back parlor; furnished for housekpg.
" Potk street. .
991 POLK— TWO LARGE BUNNY FRONT
+-—, 1 rooms, with or without kitchen, completely
furnished. ■ .
CO4 POLK ST.-4 ROOMS AND BATH; $12.
Seventeenth Street. .
Q,l CO SEVENTEENTH — LARGE FRONT
O'lOo room, with alcove and large closet, fur-
nished for housekeeping; rent 98.
. MiiJiSiroei.
fjA A SIXTH — 2 FINELY FURNISHED
£i^rx front rooms; complete; housekeeping; 914,
Third Street.
909 THIRD— 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
OU/- furnished complete for housekeeping;
$2 25 per week. ■ i
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Tehama Street.
AOOA TEHAMA— 2 NEAT UNFURNISHED
IDO rooms; rent $5 a month.
Thirteenth Street.
Q9£ THIRTEENTH, BET. MISSION AND
• >— .U Valencia— 2 sunny rooms furnished com-
plete for housekeeping ; separate porch ; rent $12.
x Twentieth Street.
Q£99 TWENTIETH. NEAR VALENCIA-2
»>'»—.- sunny connecting furnished rooms;
housekeeping. - ■>
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQKK TWENTY -"SIXTH — furnished
0000 rooms for housekeeping, $8 to $10; single
$4 and $5.
OO£7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
OO\J 4 Furnished sunny housekeeping suites:
yard; $8, $10.
Valencia Street
1 "I OK VALENCIA— EXTRA NICE HOUSE-
XXOO keeping rooms; unfurnished; 2 or 4 with
bath; sunny; reasonable. :. ■-;■•', .v
\*u .vent Avenue. '
909 VAN NESS AYE.— SUNNY ROOMS;
_»)_ complete for housekeeping; also sunny
single. 1 .;-•••
Welsh Street.
m WELSH,' OFF FOURTH — 2 OR 3
XXrx nicely furnished housekeeping rms; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
991 GEARY, ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
—— ? renting agency: no fee for registering.
ROOMS TO LET. _
Bush Street.
11QC BUSH. COR. HYDE— SUNNY BOOM;
XXOO upper flat; $10: with bath.
California Street.
71 A CALIFORNIA— DOUBLE ROOM: ALSO
i XO 3 connecting rooms. 4 beds, suitable young
men.
i day Street.
A 1 EDDY, COR. MASON— FINE SUNNY
j- 1 rooms; day, week, month or transient.
f'AQ EDDY— LARGE WELL FURNISHED
DUO sunny room; grate; suitable for one ortwo.
r»Al> EDDY-LARGE UNFURNISHED REAR
\J\JO basement room ; sun all day; garden; good
elevation.
71 A EDDY — FURNISHED ROOM; RUN-
I XV njng water; lower floor; $5 per month.
A-.|;iiHi lice..
SHERMAN ATARTMENT HOUSE, 2« BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
j-allm street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MBS. KATES.
J- HART, manager— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot <& cold water.
O(\A ELLIS (THE CLI D)— BEST-AP-
«-U'± pointed rooming-house in the city.
Q9| ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
o-l lodging we recommend the rtosedale House.
409 NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
rtO^j lor; also single room; terms moderate.
791 ELLIS— SUNNY ROOM; SLIT-
' able for 2; use of bath, gas: rent $8.
i olsom Street.
C 9?: FOLSOM— SUNNY FURNISH-
04.0 ed room: light housekeeping: $1 75 a week.
Q£C FOLSOM, CORNER SIXTH— FINEST-
O\JO appointed lodging-house south Market.
1 <^Q1 FOLSOM— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM
J-UOJ to let.
l>«ary Street.
9"! 7 GEARY— 3 SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR:
— X I cottage : key premises.
CI Q GEARY— THOROUGHLY RENOVATED
wIO newly furnished sunny handsome parlors;
suites and single. •
cornea Uate venue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT
4X V sunny bay-window room; also single; $5 up.
C] f* GOLDKN gate aye.— PLEASANT
"lv Bunny rooms in a private family.
oougn reet.
1 Cft£ GOUGH— LARGE SUNNY PLEASANT
X\J\JO room; new 'furniture; board optional;
private family.
Howard MiOl).,
"I QfiC HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY FRONT
■LOUU rooms; rent $9.
t)oii<-h street.
907 .'ONES— THE AN WIKKLR: SEW
*«' management : elegant sunny suites ana
tingle; newly lurniahed: bath, etc: »10 to S.m
»- tarny >tree..
90 KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
— O terms reasonable: quiet house.
QA KEARNY— FURNISHED SUNNY' SUITE,
O\J single rooms; electric lights; transient so-
licited.
A RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY -
-TV Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable. -.-.v;
Lacuna Street.
901 f* LAGUNA, NEAR UNION— 2 NICELY
£<OX.\J furnished rooms.
Lurkln Street.
CTRATHMORE HOUSE, 205 LARKIN, TAKE
0 elevator, flat 11— Nicely furnished front rooms
with use of parlor and piano, 920: for gentleman
only.
1 900 PARKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
X~.\J\J front room, $5; back room, $4.
Linden Avenue.
00 A LINDEN AYE., NR. GOUGH ST.— 3
— O~± nice sunny rooms; planked yard; rent
cheap.
QAQ LINDEN AYE.— LARGE UNFURNISH-
O\JO ed sunny room.
- A.t>rlt«> -tree..
VOSEMITE HOUSK 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 36c to 91 : week. $1 60 to $5: families.
Mason Street.
IAO MASON— 3 ROOMS: FIRST FLOOR;
X \J i. suitable for doctor or dressmaker.
A~\ Q MASON. OPP. NATIVE SONS' HALL—
"iJ-O Furnished rooms: sunny; suite or single.
McAllister street.
99A1 MCALLISTER, OPP. CITY HALL—
— — V's Large sunny furnished and untarnished
rooms: suitable for offices: also 2 suites.
Minna Street.
C»(»rr MINNA. CORNER eighth— newly
UU I furnished bay-window rooms; $1 perweek.
... i»»ion . .col,
CAH MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
O^. I rooms by day, week or month, 25c to $1
per day.
/*■! MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
\JXO rooms,lsc to 60c per night; $ltos2aweek.
QAA MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUNNY
Otttr parlor; also single, sunny.
OO(J MISSION— FRONT ROOM. CLOSET AND
00 grate.
1 f\(\Q MISSION, NEAR SIXTH — SUNNY
XVjyJO furnished room and bath for gentleman.
"1 ')A£* MISSION— FRONT AND BACK PAR.
liivU lors, nicely furnished: board optionaL
».oltlun «,ii4o Avenue.
OOfi GOLDEN GATE AYE., COR. LARKIN-
ODU 2 large sunny rooms furnished, 1 front and
back light housekeeping, $10 per month.
• Oak street. '.
1 Ol OAK-SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS FOB
JLOa gentlemen or couple: 918 and $20.
o'J-m-rell Mreet.
7ft9 O' FA RP.ELL— FRONT ROOMS;
I \JLi pleasant home for gentleman and wife.
Fine Street.
QAI PINE-FURNISHED ROOMS NEWLY
OjfcJ- furnished flat; gas, bath: private family.
1 °.C\(\ LARGE, SUNNY, PLEABANT-
-IOUU ly situated corner room; one or two gen-
tlemen.
1 — LARGE BAY-WINDOW;
LOAO front room; also 2 large back rooms.
Post Street..
701 POST -SUNNY PARLOR FLOOR, UN-
I "1 furnished, suitable for a physician; also
nicely furnished rooms; reference required.
71 O POST-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS-
I XO en suite or single: private bath.
II I Pi POST-SUNNY WELL FURNISHED
XXXO room: private family : running water.
rowel 1 Street.
91 9-214 i PO WE £Z (WILLIBFORDI-EN-
A X A tirely renovaten throughout; newly fur-
nlghed rooms: ca suite or single; terms reasonable.
Second Street.
p. 9 SECOND-DOUBLE ROOMS PER WEEK
OZ: $1 60 to $3; single, $1 to 91 60; per day, 25c
and 50c.
11 C SECOND -LARGE LIGHT HUNNY
XXO rooms; $1 a week up; quiet; clean.
seven 1 Street.
1 49 SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
1^ housekeeping; also single rooms.
Stockton Street.
T7UROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nlsh'-d suites, $4 to 910;>in(ile rooms. 91 50 to
93 week: 50c to $2 night; hot and cold running
water In every room: baths; e.evator; transient.
&1 Q STOCKTON, NEAR BUSH -FINELY
«-»! refurnished suite and single rooms; private
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, c^CHNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 18»6,
ROOMS TO LET-Continued.
... -„■- Mlth .*< rest.
mc CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
IZO double and single furnished rooms.
Miner -.tree..
QAQ SUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
OUO $1 25 to $10 wk: night 25c to $1 60: transi.
ri a SUTTER— KLEGANTLY~FURNISHED
Oi. rt parlors; rent low to desirable persons.
Taylor Street.
1 AQ TAYXOR — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
X\JV $1 50 and $2 per week.
£1 O TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
\JX£i also suite; rent reasonable. »■■'■■,■
'1 im-it Scree:
"I Q1 THIRD— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
101 rooms, $1 and up; also housekeeping.
Ql 7 THIRD— LARGE SUNNY CLEAN RMS.;
OX I double or single; day, week or month.
lark fetreec.
1 A TURK— NICE SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
X\f room; private family; rent $8.
c<k TURK— LARGE SUNNY ROOM; HOT
i)1i) and cold water; suitable for 2 gentlemen;
rent reasonable.
Washington Street.
lA] 9 B WASHINGTON— NICE FURNISHED
X\J X~ sunny rooms: rent reasonable.
hoarding and ROOMS.
qacTj^nT^s — "l7jve"ly y ~parlor
o\fO suite and elegantly furnished single rooms,
with board: large windows on all sides: furniture,
etc., entirely new: water hot, cold; splendid, luxu-
rious bath; new house: flower garden: only three
bloc s from Baldwin Hotel; perfect home for gen-
tlemen who enjoy comfort and ease; most conve-
nient and comiortabie rooms to be had.
Q1 C VAN NESS — HANDSOMELY FUR-
VLO nished alcove suite and single room: pri-
vate family; private dressing-room, bath, etc.; su-
perior table: reasonable: near St. Mary's Cathedral.
ADY WITH COZY HOME WOULD LIKE
quiet gentleman to board and room; reason-
able. Address R. A., box 138, Call Office. '
CQQ ELLIS — NEWLY RENOVATED. FUR-
-000 nished or unfurnished rooms: board op-
tional. \
1 COA CALIFORNIA— PLE-ASANT ALCOVE
XO— \J sunny rooms with parlors, with board.
"I 1 '-J7 BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
1101 room with board; private family: reason-
able.
Tl 1 Q GUERRERO— SUNNY NICELY FUR-
-1 J- 1 C nished double parlors; with board;
reasonable.
00l - CLAY, NR. DEVISADERO— SUNNY
i-Olu room: use of parlor: board $25, or $40
for two; gas, bath: Eddy or Sacramento-st. cars.
7I •) POST— I NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
11— with board, suitable for 2 young men; use
of parlor and piano; $20 each.
1 iIOSITIKR- FINELY FURNISHED
1"i I O rooms and board; use of bath and bil-
liard-room; references.
1 P\(iU DEVIsADERO— FURNISHED ROOMS
Xt)\.'U with board: $20 per month. —
Af) A EDDY" —SI NEWLY FURNISHED
"— 1' rooms; beautiful house; excellent table;
reasonable.
707 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
lot parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional.
AI 9 EDDY — LOVELY FRONT. SUNNY
tt I — room, with board for 2; $45.
OTJ-.L BKKTLING. 714 IiUSH— A FAMILY,
hotel: references Klveu ana required; nil moil-
em convenience*.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
INFANT OR SMALL CHILD; QUIET, HAP-
py, sunny home: mother's tender care; 2 ladies;
large yard; near Golden Gate Park. 1636 Grove.
EXPERIENCED NURSK WISHES AN IN-
XJ lain bo:trd: ;10 per month. '2919 Sixteenth.
STORES TO LET.
■\r w. cor! post 5 and^~devisXdero
-a.' • sts., new store; line opening for grocer, drug-
gist or family liquor store. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
9QI THIRD ST.; STOKE AND BASEMENT;
<-O I fine location for liquor store: rent reduced.
UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery st.
"Doit SMALL BAKKRY, GROCERY OK
X butcher-sbop; will build to suit, rent or sell; $50
cash, $20 per month : near Ingleside. THE Mo
CART It V CO.. 646 Market St.
'JAO FOLSOM— SIOKE AND 2 ROOMS; ALSO
«Jv/O flat 4 rooms over store; rented separately
If desired: rent cheap. Apply 915 Foloom.
TORE: GUERRERO AND TWENTY-THIRD
sts.; concrete cellar: built for druggist; best in
Mission fordrustore.
TORE: VALENCIA AND TWENTY-FIRST
O sts.: choice location; adapted for shoe or dry-
goods store. : -.'-. ■
T ARGE STORE, WITH UP-TO-DATE FRONT
-I-* and show-windows; located 420 Sutler St.
Apply to R. McELRoY. 4 Phelan building.
4I A KKARN V— LARGE LIGHT DKSIRA-
t: 1 \J tie store: occupied at present by paying
restaurant: low rent. Arpiy "ii premises, room 34.
STORES WANTED.
"V \T ANTE D— STOrTT~IN~GOC>D LOCATION:
• » suitable for wine and liquor bouse: state rent.
Address S. H.. box 127. Call Office.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITANA, THK ( i VPS V UEE N," 8 T UIIK ST ;
VJ truthful in her predictions: reliable in her ad-
vice: no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will cuide you right; no fake;" satisfaction
guaranteed: office hours from 9 to 9.
lOGINES HAS ARKIVED " FROM EGYPT
and will read your life from cradle to grave,
from lock of hair or portrait: 25c In stamps:
"Cleopatra" charms, 25c extra. Address "DIOG-
INES" SHIEK, box 16, this office.
ARRIVED— THE GREAT CLEOPATRA.
x\- whose wonderful Egyptian astrological and
French clairvoyant'cards will tell your whole life;
ladles 25c: gen. s 50c. 135 Hayes su, nr. Van Ness.
M ME.* PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v.-ith a don Die veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry anil
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
\i ME. HANBKN, PALMIST. CAKD-READER:
•I'J past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th St., r. 5.
T UCKY MEDIUM; CARD-READER; PALM-
XJ ist; love, marriage, etc.: ladies 25c. 243 bhip-
ley st., near Fifth. ■';..■-..;
VI ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
it! past, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mall: low urlces. 856 .Mission st.
RS. L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SlT-
tings dally; 25c upward. 221 Fill more St.,
nr. Haigbt.
RS. BIRDIE MAY, RENOWNED CARD-
readerand palmist; gents $1. Room 1, 223
Post st.
VI ME. LEG ETTK— PRESENT, PAST AND
i-'l future; 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
BLS. OF KNOWLEDGE;REVEALS FUTURE
marriage; lucky lot cry numbers. 1032 Market.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FLUENTLY:
business advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
p YPSY LIFE-READER, RKMOVED FROM 5
VJ Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c; gents 50c.
MX. DIC THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT-; 25
yrs Kerny. now ;>'-'P Post: fee »1 : letter 82.
SPIRITUALISM.
» VERITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMKN 13
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARDI FEE «1 A UPWARD-
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
i"yeT Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life la yet worth living'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/
thousands on ibis roast in the ten years pa.it. Is
again at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Saa
* rancisco, and is now as ready as ever to assist
every ennenng mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succest
brought to the unlucky, love to the loveless: tna
separated are united; the sick made strong ; tha
poor become rich; If yon think your husband, wifa
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power is as far above those poor mortal*
who try to imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoej
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh Is heir to, an J no
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEi. $1 A UPWARD! FEI. $1 A UPWARD
mt.S. DR. A. D. HOWE,
' 1320 Market su, odd. Seventh,
■ ■ San Francisco.
R*. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 MARKET ST.,
diagnoses di«ea<e, with full life reading, from
lock of hair; this week only for SI: her revealed
medicines work wonders with the sick owl at-
flicted. Write address plainly; inclose lock of hair.
3>-)(J MCALLISTER — MRS. C. J. MEYER:
«J— .U teat meeting! every night; 10c; Tuo A
Fri, 2p. m. I
ISSMF.LVINA, CLAIRVOYANT; PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766*6 Howard st.
AM. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT- .SLaTE-
• writer. 118 Haight St.; hours 9 until 6 P. X.
MRS. KATE HOSKI.VS, TRANCE MEDIUM.
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak st.
JJISHOP GAUKISON. 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
{ > ces Tuesday. Frid:".- even's. 2."ic: 10 to 4 <1 ally.
HYPNOTISM. '
H"^^TpN?m^M~A?fr) Vrr*AX~*MXGN~ETISM
XI practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
Eons, also how to hypno Isa Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students. of
science Interested In its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited.' Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 U'Farrell st. ■ :■ ■ '
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
QCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY— ALL EVENTS OF
O life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty,' and business
men protected b.- my method: oil and minerals lo-
cated by the science. DR. ST. CLAIR, 916 Mar-
ket at., room 26: - hours 9to 7. ■
. ■ HORSES.
F'^R^BATE^C^ETpT^^B^Y~^63?lEsr~l4"
1 hands: harness and new lady's phaeton. Ad-
dress Morosco's «irnn<l Opera-House, box-office.
ORSE, ROCK A WAY AND FINE PHAE-
ton for tale cheap. 1311 California st.
T FORRESTER, SALESMAN— 2O DRIVING
X. and work horses; all horses bought and sold
on commission; sales can be made at reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia at.
ANTED— BUGGY HORSE: 4TO 7 YEARS;
under $30. SPECK. 602 Market st.
HOKsiSS SOLD FOR BOARD: 1 FINE SAD-
dle-borse. 164 Golden Gate aye.
rpilE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
x lencla at., is the place to go If yon want to buy.
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
CA HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSKS;
UV/ weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at.
LEI BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, tor 1* as money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st..S. F.
"I t A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR.
XU\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission »;
I AKGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALTER
XJ broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
PjAA SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
*J \J\J ness: all kinds: buggy. wason, carts, surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Ail HOKBES ±.UK SALK; ALSO WAGON:*
tiv/ bnggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Hona
Market, 327 SU.h st.; auction sales every Wedne»-
gay. SULLIVAN A- DoYI.K. Auctioneer*.
OFFICES TO LET.
I\ESK ROOM TO LET IN A PLEASANT SUN-
/ ny office in Crocker building forslspermonth,
with free services of a competent senographer.
Address H. H. BACON, box 92, Call Office.
KNTAL OR OTHER OFFICE; CHEAP;
cor. Polk and Sutter; also rooms. 1141 Polk.
9'Jff SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
4**J\J front connecting suites, especially adapted
for doctor. •
(CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDORFF (L. AND
\J L. and G. building— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric elevator;
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st. . ■
VINE OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; SUITA-
X' ble for any business.
PRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 60 up: electric-light;
heating and jhnltor service free. Apply at building
orU. H. I'MBSKX & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
SUU'l'l.Nti INTKLHUENOK.
Airivcrt.
SATURDAY, September 19.
Stmr Albion, Lundquist, 'ZS hours from Needle
Rock: 250 eds bark, o J s Kimball.
Brshlp Forrest Hall. Thurber. 171 days from
Liverpool; mJse, to Meyer. Wilson & Co.
Brig John D SpreckeU, Christiansen. 20 days fm
Mahukona; 5725 bags sugar, to Welch A Co; 618
bags sugar, to Williams, Dimond A Co; 100 hides,
to Chas Nelson.
Domestic Port«.
SAN DIEGO- Arrived Sept 19 -Yacht Ramona.
Sailed Sept 19-Br ship City of Benares, for Ban
Francisco.
Spoken.
Sept 8-37 55 N 126 30 W, Br ship Drnmrock,
from London for Vancouver.
Memo it in.
P?r stmr Albion— Off Point Keyes 2rv Sept 19,
pass d through a lot ot redwood and posts.
BiU'M*-- MiiRiAUES— OKAiiI^L
1 Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They mus be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
BARNETT— In this city, September . 19, 1896,
to the wife of Mark J. Barnett, a son.
COLLINS— In this city, September 19. 1890. to the
wife of Joseph Collins, a son.
CRAIG— In Lorln. Alame la County, September
16, 1896, to the wife or , Alex Craig, a daughter.
FOGARTY— In this city. September 12, 1896, to
in- wife of J. H. Fogarty, a daughter.
FREDERICKS— In this city, September IS, 1896,
to the wife or Joseph A. Fredericks, a daughter.
GILLILAND-September 9. 1896, to t tie wife of
W. M. Gilliland, a son.
GRUNDY-In this city, September 18, 1896, to
the wife of Harry Grundy. a daughter.
HAlNQVE— September 18, 1896, to the wife of
Martial Halnque, a son.
HARKNKSS-In this cltv, September 19, 1896,
10 the wife of William Hark ness, a son.
HOOD— In this city. September 19, 1896, to the
wife of John Hood, a son.
LARSBN— September 18, 1896, to the wife of A.
Larsen, a son.
LA —In this city, September 15, 1896, to the
wife of Henry Lay, a eon.
LANDMANN-In this city. September 14,1896,
to .no wife of C. F. Land maun, a daughter.
LEVENBERG— In this city, September 19, 1896.
to mi wife of Dr. Bernard Levenberg, a son.
MACKENZIE— In this city, August 14, 1896, to
the wife of R. P. MacKenzie, a daughter.
NEWNHAM— In this city. BeDtember 17, 1896,
to the wife of Ar:hur E. Newnham, a son.
OLSEN— In this city, September 18, 1896, to the
wife of Thomas A. Olsen, a daughter.
SlEVERS— September .10, 1896, to the wife of
Chris Sievers, a daughter.
£ 31 A Kill ED. '
CARDIFF— PICKNELL— In Santa Cruz, by the
Rev. William C. Pond. George H. Cardiff and
Alice T. Picknell, both of Santa Cruz.
GILL— KELLY— In this city, September 9, 1896,
at st. Bridget's Church, by the Rev. Father
Ryan, Stephen A. Glil and Mamie Kelly, both or
san Francisco. v
ROBERTS- WINN-In this city, September 7,
1896. byJulge Cook, Benjamin B. Roberts and
May Winn, both of San Francisco.
WATERS— CA'LLAGHAN— In this city. July 28,
1838, at st. Mary's Church, by the Rev. Father
o*lB. William W. Waters ana Elizabeth A. Cal-
la/han.
DIED.
Carney, Joseph G. Jones, Maude H.
Clancy. Maurice Lee, Ricnard H.
Co. burn, Charles H. Manwell. William
Collins. Rofl.tnna Moore, Benjamin
Davalos-Cervantes,Mrs Patten, Agnes E. " :
Dlttes, Anna M. Pavi.ller, Marie B.
Dowling. Mary Salomon. Leon
Drake. Byril &*▼*(•, Patrick
Dwyer, KUwara F. Schwartz, Willie A
Finn. Simon Scullion, William
Harloe, Lew W. Sexton, Bridget M.
Healy, James P. Souza, Maria G.
Heeney, Lizzie J. Siahl, Guuave
Hood, Robert heat, Charles D.
Hubbard, Ethel J. White, Minnie V.
CARNEY— In this city. September 19,1896, Jos-
eph veorge, beloved husband of Lizzie Carney,
a native of Hudson, Ohio, aged 42 years.
CLANCY— In this city, September 19, 1896. Mau-
rice, beloved husband of Annie Clancy, a native
of County Waterford, Ireland, aged 45 years.
COLBURN— In New Bedford, Mass., September
18, 1896, Charles H. Colburn, formerly of San
Francisco.
COLLINS— In this city, September 19, 1836,
Rosanna, beloved wife of James Collins, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 50 years.
DAVALOS-CEK VaNTES —In New Almaden
Mines. September 17, 1896. Mrs. Marcellna
Davalos de Cervantes, a native of ' Los Angeles,
Cal., aged 39 year*.
DITTES— In this city, September 18, 1896, Anna
Maria, beloved wife of Michael Dlttes. and
iuoiiiL-rof Charles, Ernest, Emma and William
Dittes. a native of Austria, aged 43 years 1 1
months and In dars. __.. --
1- riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY*
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from her la.c
residence, 1505 Fillmore street, near O'Farrell.
interment 1. O. O. K. Cemetery.
DOWLING— In South San Francisco, September
18, 1893, Mary Dowling, beloved and oldest
daughter of Marguerite and the late Tnomas
Dowliug, and sister of Maggie Dowling, a native
of San Tauclsco, aged 20 years and 24 days.
49* Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her mother. 1028 Sixteenth avenue, near
Railroad avenue south, thence to All Halloas
*. hurch, corner Fifteenth avenue and N street
south, where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated lor the repose of her soul, commencing
at 8 o'clock a. ic Interment Mount calvary
Cemetery. ■ "■ . .
DRAKE— In Alameda, September 18, 1898, ByrlL
beloved daughter of James and Emma Drake,
a native of Alameda, aged 1 year 1 month and 19
days. ■ .'
*S~Noticeof funeral hereafter.
DWYKR-In this city, September 18, 1896, Ed-
ward F., beloved son of Thomas and Mary
Dwyer, and brother of the late James J. Dwyer,
Mrs. Mary Menan and Rose Dwyer, a native of
ban Francisco, aged 32 years.
FINN- In this city, September 16, 1896, Simon,
beloved brother of John. Patrick and Mary Finn,
Mrs. Julia Walsh of Wakeneld, Mas*., arid Mrs.
Bridget Brown, a native of County Gal way, Ire-
laad. aged 47 years.
"83" Friends and acquaintances are resD9C'.-
fullv invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m. from the un-
dertaking parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy
street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where
services will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 2 o'clock c. at Interment
• Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HAKWE-In San Luis Obispo. Lew W., youngest
son of captain Marcus and Flora Harloe, aged
11 years.
HEALY— In this cli v. September 18. 1896, James
P., beloved son of Margaret and the late Patrick
.Healy, un I brother of Mrs. James H. Hall,
Mrs. Philip Reilly, the late Mrs. John bhaugh-
nessy and Margaret H ealy. a native of Boston,
Mas?., aged 35 years tt months and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock it., from his late resi-
dence. 204 Moolton avenue, off Flllmore street,
beiween Lombird and Greenwich, thence to st.
Brid."*t'a Church for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
HKENEY — In this city. September 19, 1896, Liz-
zie J.. beloved wife of Thomas J. Heeney. mother
of Cedele iieeney, and daughter of Elizabeth and
the late Charles Spaulding, a native or BrooKlyn,
N. V.. aged 82 years and 2 months.
- £S* Friends, and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORKOW
(Monday), at 9:30 p'clock a. k., from her late
residence. 433 Golden Gate avenue, thence to SL
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock ▲. v. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
HOOD— In this city. September 19, 1896, Robert,
dearly beloved infant son of Janet and John
Hood, a native of San Francisco, Cal.
HTJBB.VR D— ln this city, September 18, 1896,
Ethel Josephine, beloved daughter of G. W. and
Alice E. Hubbard, and sister of Eva May Hub-
bard, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9
months and 9 days.
Jt^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Snnday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the residence
of her parents. 3.>4 Eleventh street, between
Folsom and Harrison. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
JONES-In this city, September 19, 1896, Maude
Hartley Jones, wife of George Jones, a native of
En el and. a?ed 61 years.
Jt3~ Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tue funeral TO-MORKOW
(Monday), at 3:80 o'clock p. *.. from tne par-
lors ot the California Undertaking Company,
123 Stockton street, corner of Geary, thence to
I. O. O. b\ Cemetery for cremation.
LEE— In this city, September 17. 1896, Richard
H. Lee, a native of Massachusetts, aged 61 years.
49" Friends and acquaintances and members of
Golden Gate Lodge No. 204, I. O. O. F., are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. if.,
from I. O. O. F. Hah, corner Seventh and Market
streets. Interment L o. O. K. Cemetery. Re-
mains at parlors of A. W. Martin <fe Co., 118
Geary street.
Ma NWELL-In this city, September 18. 1896,
William, beloved husband of Jeanie Manwell,
father of Jeanie and David Manwell, beloved
son of David Manwell, and brother of David,
John, Maggie and Jeanie Manwell. a native of
Paisley. Scotland, aged 35 years 7 months and
23 days. [Glasgow and Paisley (Scotland)
papers please copy.]
*S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'cloctc p. v., irom his late
residence, 133 McClellan street, comer Blalne
avenue, interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MOORE-ln this city, September 18, 1896, Benja-
min, beloved husband of Frana Moore, a native
of Medford, Mass., aged 68 years. [Medford
(Mass.) papers copy.j
Jl9"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, p. at. rrom the rooms of
George H. Thomas Post, 320 Post street. Inter-
ment private.
PATTEN— In this city, September 19. 1896,
Agnes E.. beloved daughter of John and Han-
nah Patten, a native of md Rafael, Cal., aged 23
years 1 month and 9 days.
J99"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 412b uryant street, thence
to st. Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for ihe repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAVILLIER— In Golden Gate, Cal.. September
19, 1896, Marie Bastide Pavillier. beloved
mother of Kinie Perrier, and grandmother of
Lucien Perrier, a native of Billom, France.
SALOMON— In this city, September 18, 1896,
Leon, beloved son of Louis and Minna Salomon,
and brother of Sam, Abe, Isidor, Sarah and Pau-
line Salomon and Mrs. R. Bremler, a native of
lowa Hill, Placer County, Cal., aged 24 years 2
months and 24 days.
49"i riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of his parents, 543 Jessie street, beiween Sixth
and Seventh. Interment Old Salem Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
F. of A.— Court Magnolia No. 29, Foresters of
America: Officers and members of Court Mag-
nolia are no. i tied to attend the runeral of our
late brother, Lee Salomon, irom h s late resi-
dence, 54:< Jessie street, THIS DAY (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock p. m. Sb arp.
F. S. GUNN, Chief Ranger.
SAVAGE- In this city, September 17, 1896, Pat-
rick, beloved brother of Mrs. Ken Merriman, and
nephew of Mm. Jam js -Smith and the late Mrs.
J. C. Keardon, a native of Newry. County Down,
Ireland, a^ -d 38 years.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from (he residence
of his brother-in-law, Ben Merrlman, 119 Perry
street, thence to St. Ross's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ-In Fresno, Cal., September 16,
1896, Willie A., beloved son of S. and Jane
Schwartz, and brother of George, Benjamin and
Susie Schwartz, a native of Nevada, aged 22
years and 9 months.
j(9"Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend "the funeral THIS DaY
(Sunday), at 10:16 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of Godean <fc Lipman, 326 Sutter street.
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock a. if. train from Third and Townsend
streets.
SCULLION— In this city, September 19, 1896,
William, beloved son of Patrick and Elizabeth
Scullion, a native of San Francisco, aged 10
months and 17 days.
4S~Frieud3 and acquaintances are respect-
ful l v Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOBBO >V
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. M.,from the residence
of his parents, 226 Shipley si pet, oetween Fifth
and Sixth. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SEXTON— In this city, September 18, 1896,
Bridget Margaret Sexton, beloved sister of Mary
Ellen and Micnael Sexton, a native of Mitchells-
town. County Cork, Ireland, aced 70 j-ears.
49"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. if., from the resi-
dence of her brother. 619 San Jose avenuo,
thence to Su CLarles Borromeo's Church, Eigh-
teenth and Shot well streets, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SOUZA— In this city, September 19.1896, Maria
Graciella Souza, a native of San Salvador, aged
14 years 10 months and 14 days.
j(9"Fr!ends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Monday), from the
Church of Nuestra Senora 4« Guadulupe, corner
Broadway and Mason street, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated fbr the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery-
-BTAHL— In this city. September 19, 1H96, Gus-
tave, beloved son of Julius and Gussle Stahl, and
brother oi George and lrwin Stahl, a native of
Quezaltenango, Central America, aged 9 years 4
months and 14 days.
j*9" Friends are respectfully Invited to attenl
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
o'clock a. m., at tfce residence of Mr. L.
Mos.s, 1318 O'Farrell street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. h. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
WHEAT— In this city, September 18, 1896,
Charles D., beloved husbanl of Nellie Wheat,
son of Dr. Richard Wheat, deceased, and brother
of Dr. John R. Wheat of Richmond, Va., a na-
tive of Prince William County, Virginia, aged
63 years. [Clinton (Miss.) and Richmond (Va.)
papers please copy.j
j*3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. x.,from his late resi-
dence, 2118 Steiner street. Interment private,
Masonic Cemetery.
WHITE— In Alameda, September 19. 1896. at 858
Cedar street, Minnie V., daughter of James F.
and Mary White, and sister of Daisy C. White,
a na- lye of San Francisco, aged 24 years.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-M.ORROW
(Monday), at 11 o'clock a. if., from St. Joseph's
Church, corner Chestnut and San Antonio ave-
nues. Alameaa. Interment Masonic Cemetery,
san Francisco.
McAVOY A CAILACHER.
FDNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKES,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
Jas. McMksoukt. Chas. McMknomky.
JAMES McMENOME* & SON,
CNDEKTAKKUS AND KMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. . T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS, ,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market at, San Franclso*
Telephone So. 166.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CE ME-
tery to the city ; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled. Otfice ÜB7 Mart*
street, southeast corner of Sixth. .
CITY'S FLOATING DEBT.
Grand Jury Suggestion That the Elec
tors Vote on the Question of
Payment.
Before making the final report last
Thursday the Grand Jury sent the follow
ing communication to the Board of Eelec
tion Commissioners:
Gentlemen: The Grand Jury of the City and
County, by resolution unanimously adopted at
its meeting tnlp date, requests you to put upoa
the ballot to be used at the coming election in
November, 1896. the following questions:
"To pay the floating indebtedness and ac
crued interest of the City incurred during
the fiscal year 1892-93. Yes."
"To pay the floating indebtedness and ac
crued interest of the City incurred during the
fiscal year 1892-93. No."
Tne Grand Jury does not know the exact
amount of tjie floating indebtedness other than
it is between $200,000 and $3UO,O(K>, aDd was
incurred prior to the fiscal year 1393^94. The
expert of the Board of Supervisors has an ac
couni of the indebtedness and can furnish a
statement to your honorable body.
The Grand Jury regards the existence of tnis
indebtedness as not only a gross injustice to
the persons who furnished supplies or labor at
the time, but as a disgrace to the people of this
City, whose good faith is thereby impugned.
Held for Burglary.
■William Anthony, alias McCarthy, was
yesterday held by Judge Joachimsen to answer
before the Superior Court in $2000 binds on
the charge of burglary. Last Sunday Anthony
and a companion broke into the residence of
L. C. Burton, 1426^ Jackson street, and An
thony was chased aud captured by Policeman
Thompson.
TAYLOR TALKED
TO SILVERITES
Planks in the Democratic
National Platform
Discussed.
MONEY THE ONLY ISSUE
So Declared the Advocate of the
White Metal From Colo
rado.
AN HALL PACKED
Prices and Circulation the Main
Themes of the Speaker of
the Evening.
There were probably 2500 people present
at Metropolitan Hall last night to listen
to the advocates of free silver, and many,
unable to obtain even standing room, were
forced to find their evening's entertain
ment elsewhere. Many ladies were in the
audience.
Across the organ back of the platform
appeared in large letters of silver, "Wil
liam J. Bryan, the great defender," and
on an easel on tne platform was a life
size portrait of the silver champion
framed in smilax.
Judge Lawlor, after explaining that the
meeting was held under the auspices of
the California Silver Campaign Commit
tee, introduced Tnotoas J. Clunie as the
chairman of the meeting, who made an
address touching the money question.
He declared that in the past all the
political parties of the State of California
had always been in favor of the free and
unlimited coinage of both gold and silver
at the ratio of 16 to 1. He claimed that
the Republican convention at St. Louis
was captured by the money power and
that the Democratic convention at Chi
cago was without a programme, and had
as a consequence nominated a man who
truly represented the people of the coun
try. He named, one after another, the
candidates who had been named at the
Chicago convention, reserving that of the
nominee of the Democratic party as the
last. The name of Bryan evoked great
applause, which continued for some time.
The plank of the platform of the Repub
lican party declaring for free silver by in
ternational agreement was denounced as
placing the country in a position of sec
ondary importance to the other nations of
the world.
After a sons: by the Knickerbocker quar
tet, M. F. Taylor of Colorado, the speaker
of the evening, addressed the gathering.
In the course of his speech he declared
that he serves his party best who serves
his country best. The money question he
pronounced the most momentous ques
t ion ever forced upon the people oi the
United States, not even excepting the
causes which led to the Civil War.
"This fi^ht," be said, "is not only to
free the American people from financial
slavery, but to show the people of the
world that the American people are capa
ble of governing themselves.
"This year there is no mistaking where
we stand— the platform on which William
J. Bryan stands is clear cut as a crystal.
There are some things in it, perhaps,
which neither you nor I would have put
in it if we had written the platform."
Referring to the assault on the Supreme
Court contained in the Democratic Na
tional platform he declared the members
of that body were after all but the servants
of the people. "God help this country,"
he continued, "when the people may not
criticize the action of even the highest
officer in the land.
"I believe in free silver because I have
been taut:nt that there has not been
enough gold dug out of the ground to do
the business of the world."
He declared that this Nation should
undertake the remonetization of silver
without the co-operation of other nations,
and emphatically declared that this could
be accomplished to the benefit of tlie
country, as the Federal Government has
the right to coin anything into legal ten
der money that it chooses.
This country, he said, had less than
$800,000,000 ol legal tender money in circu
lation, that is, gold.
In the East, he said, the banks were
winnowing out all greenbacks and treas
ury notes and paying out only silver, sil
ver certificates and National bank notes,
and that it is impossible to get the banks
to pay out a single dollar in gold, except
where they have to meet an obligation
payable in cold. He told his hearers that
an offer of \% per cent premium was made
in New York City for $5000 in gold, but
the banks refused to sell.
Assuming the quaint negro dialect of
Alabama he told a story of a horse that
had been worked and starved to the stage
of prostration. A neighbor was called in
and expressed the opinion that the horse
looked starved. He was informed tnat
that could not be so because there was
plenty of hay ana grain in the barn. The
neighbor promptly retorted: "It is in
the wrong place if you want that horse to
work. It should be in the horse."
"So it is with the lenal tender money of
the country," he continued. "It is in the
banks. Let them put it into the hands of
the people of the country and they will
not lie prostrate, but will work for their
interests and the interests of the coun
try."
Statistics were quoted in the attempt to
show that prices bad fallen by reason of
the appreciation of gold, and the speaker
denounced the gold dollar as the most
"damnably dishonest dollar" ever offered
to a nation.
Calling attention to the quantities of
silver in the vaults of the Treasury De
partment at Washington he asked, "Why
don't they give some of this silver to the
farmers?" Then, continuing, ne said:
"If this silver is good enough to give to
the men who work in our factories, who
wear flannei shirts, who Have beards
through whicn the wind blows, it ought
to be good enongh for any foreign noble
man who ever married an American
heiress."
SHERIFF OF YUBA
The Place That Was So Acceptably
Filled by Samuel E.
Inlow. "
The Supervisors of Yuba County have
been having quite a lively time in "voting
for a Sheriff to fill the vacancy caused by
the death of Samuel E. Inlow. The peo
ple of the county doubt if another man as
strong and well fitted in every respect as
the late Sheriff can be found. Samuel E
Inlow had many struggles for the < ffice of
Sheriff of YuDa, but in 1886 he was elected
and re-elected in 1892 and 1894 weciea
i«£i r ' wIOWw IOW Was born in Kentucky in
1836. He crossed the plains and settled n
caused hi™ chara^ ter and strength which
caused him to be regarded as a m«n
worthy of confidence in the hfihJst <fe
gree. For many months prior to his de?£
he was attended by physicians in , th£
City. His sister, Mrs. Lucy McDonald,
resides in San Francisco. She attended
the funeral ceremonies recently beld at
Marysville and the interment at Wood
land. _
A PASTOR' ANNIVERSARY
Dr. and Mrs. E. B. Dllle Celebrate
Their Silver Wedding.
Last Thurday evening at tne Central
Methodist Episcopal Church a reception
was tendered Rev. Dr. Dille and wife upon
the occasion of Dr. Dille's b ing appointed
foi the eighth time to the pastorate ol
that church. The lecture-room and par
lors were thronged with the members oi
the church and congregation and their
friends, nearly 1000 people taking occasion
to coneratulate tne happy pair.
It happened that the occasion was also
the twenty-nfth anniversary of the mar
riage of Dr. and Mrs. Dille. R. V. Watt
in his address of welcome reierred in
graceful terms to that fact, and at the
cl-se of the address presented the pastor
and his wife, in behalf of their host of
friends, with a cut-glass and silver table
service. The recepients were taken oy
surprise, but manag d to respond in a few
feeling words.
Brief addresses were given by Dr. W.
W. Case and Dr. E. E. Kelly. A choice
musical programme was rendered and
the balance of the evening was given up
to congratulations and social festiviries.
POISON TO END GRIEF.
After a Lovers' Quarrel Miss
Annie Rivist Took a Large
Dose of Laudanum.
Carried It With Her. While Baggy
Riding and Said She Was
Tired of Life.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 19. f
Miss Annie Rivist made a desperate at
tempt to commit suicide to-night because
of some unpleasantness between her and
her lover. Had her parents not discovered
ncr till an hour later her life would then
have been ended.
This evening Miss Rivist went for a
buggy ride with her lover, John Neat, an
employe of the city. They were not gone
lone, as the ride was far from plea-ant.
The young people quarreled, and before
an hour hid passed Miss Rivist was at
home again.
She did not tell her parents of her grief,
but went to her room and was absent
some time. Her parents heard her groan
ing and on going to her room found her
on the bed, unconscious and in great
agony.
A doctor was sent for and Mr. Neat, who
made another call to see if the indiffer
ence could not be patched up, was also
present. Every effort was made to arouse
the girl, as an empty bottle marked "laud
anum," showed very plainly what the girl
had attempted. Dr. T. W. Clark responded
to the call and by prompt measures saved
the young woman's life, and at midnight
she was reported to be out of danger.
As soon as she was able she told her
lover and parents of what she had done.
She said she felt so unhappy that she
would rattier die than live and not be at
peace with her iover. She had procured
ttie laudanum some time ago, as the re
lations between them had been strained
and she feared that an open quarrel might
follow.
Miss Annie Rivist resides with her
parents at 613 Fifth street. She is of
French-Canadian birth and is 24 yeais of
age.
She was considerably impressed some
weeks ago with the suicide of Mrs.
Prussia, who took laudanum while out
buggy riding, and it is supposed that it
was her intention to follow Mrs. Prussia's
example.
The attempted suicide had a very happy
conclusion. Neat's crief was so real that
the girl was very strongly convinced she
had nothing to fear so far as his loyalty to
her was concerned, and the result was a
complete reconciliation.
Tocng to Marry.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— The County
Clerk has issued a number of licenses this
week to those who should be in care ot
their mothers or some better guardians.
Since Saturday last six applicants under
the age of 20 and two of that age have been
supplied, as well as two at 15 and 17, all
with the consent of their parents. Two
girls of 18 and two of 19 were given legal
permits to become wives.
DRAW POKER IS GAMBLING
So Decided in a Long-Delayed
Case Before Recorder
St. Sure.
Decorating the Opera-House for Mon
day's Convention — Visiting Pas
tors in the Churches.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 19.— Joseph
Emeric, who was arrested on March 14 for
keeping a gambling-house in the rsar of a
Pant-street cigar-store, was found guilty
this morning by Recorder St. Sure, who
took the case under advisement some
time ago, it having been submitted on
briefs based upon an agreed statement of
facts.
The case was brought under section 6 of
ordinance 148 of Akimeda. The defense
was that draw poker was no crime because
it had been so declared by law, and that
the Trustees could not pass an ordinance
making it a crime without expressed
authority of the Legislature.
"In order to meet the various devices to
evade the letter of the law," said the Re
corder in conclusion, "the statutory difi
nitions are usually minute, specifying a
great variety of detail. The essential
features of all, or nearly all, laws against
common gaming in nouses consist in
the prohibition of maintaining a place of
shelter in any degree acces>ible to the
public, whether open to all who come or
only to a select or favored few, as a place
of resort for the purpose of gaming. This
fits the case at bar exactly."
Visitors in the Pulpits.
ALAMEDa, Cal., Sept. 19.— T0-morrow
i will see more ministers of the gospel
from outside places in Alameda pulpits
than ever. Amon^ these are Mrs. William
B. Osborn, who for many years was a mis
sionary in India, who will be at the
Santa Clara-avenue M. E. Church; Rev.
Anna Shaw, at the First Congregational
Church; President Brownson of California
College, Oakland, at the First Baptist
Church; President Baldwin of Pomona
College, Pomona, at the First Congrega
tional Churcn in the morning, and Bishop
R. K. Hargrave of Nashville, Term., at the
Chestnut-street M. E. Church.
-ilamecla Primaries-
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Way
mire-Hunt ticket won here to -<i ay in the
primaries, and the delegates will meet to
morrow at tha Republican Headquarters at
11 o'clock to decide on a plan of action.
This means the return of Waymire to the
Legislature.
A Change of Editors.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 19.— R. H.
Mat;ill Jr., late of the Oakland Times, will
assume the city editorship of the Eveniug
Argus (T. G. D'aniells, editor) Monday in
place of Paul Vandor, who h»s held the
position for some time pastONLY A LITTLE
LESS COMPLEX
Oakland's Republican Pri
maries Fail to Shed
Much Light
FRED STRATTON AHEAD
The Superior Judgeship in Doubt,
Though Hall Is Thought
to Be Sale.
LEAVITT FOR THE ASSEMBLY.
Twenty-Nine Anti-Perkins Delegai
Will Be Sent to the Forthcoming
Convention — Rumors.
Oakland Office San Fkancipco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 19. f
The Republican primaries were held
throughout the county this afternoon and
evening, and the situation is only a little
less complex than it was before.
Fred S. Stratton will go into Monday's
convention with every delegate from the
Twenty-seventh Senatorial District. His
opponent, Dr. Derrick, did not win in a
Bingle precinct.
The coulest for Superior Judjre is still
in doubt. S. P. Hall will certainly have
more than enough votes to nominate on
the first ballot, but the other nomina
tion is in doubt.
It has been generally thought that Judge
Greene's strength is as great as that of
Hall, but this was denied to-night by
some of Hall's most intimate friends. In
fact, they openly say that Hall's vote
would have been even larger had so much
not been made of the "Hall-Greene"
slogan.
G. W. Langan has carried every dele
gate in the out3ide townships except six
in Eden, which go to Greene. W. L. Hill
has been the running mate of Langan so
far asthe judiciary contest goes, and it is
generally considered that alter Hall the
chances are for Langan, Greene, Hill and
Allen, in the order named.
The managers of tbe party say that no
other names than those mentioned will
go before the convention. Allen's strength
is the most difficult of the many to esti
mate. In the First Ward the only place
where he had a ticket of his own he car
ried out every delegate.
F. W. Leavitt v.ill certainly be nomi
nated for the Assembly from the Forty
eighth Assembly District, as his ticket
carried tiie Fourth and Sixth wards with
a large majority.
He is absolutely unpledged on the Sena
torial question, and last night Chairman
Mau;aie:i oi the County Committee stated
that a determined fight would be made
against Perkins in the Sixth and Fourth
wards.
The fi^ht was male and won, and as tbe
Fourth Ward is Senator Denison's it is
certain that his recent remarks about
Perkins were not idle. These two wards
will send twenty-nine delegates to the
convention, and as they are all anti-Per
kins his indorsement for United States
Senator will not be unanimous and will
not be voted upon until there has been i
heated debate, as several delegates will
take advantage of the opportunity to ex
press their feelings regarding the Hilborn-
Frick affair.
Nearly all the other Assembly Districts
are in doubt. H. XV. Taylor oi Berkeley
has the most apparent strength in his dis
trict, aiid Ciark of Alvarado has also a
fair hold on the delegates. The other dis
tricts cannot be guessed intelligently.
No one is absolutely certain of a nomi
nation for Supervisor, although it is cer
tain that Baily of Livermore will not suc
ceed himself, as he lo^t every delegate in
his own township. Mitchell of the First
District has several delegates, but will
have a hard light, as Pelouze has an
nounced that he will run independent.
The other district is in doubt.
A WOMAN SNIPE-SHOOTER
She Goes About the Streets of
Berkeley Gathering
Cigar Stumps.
Followed by a Crowd of Curious Men
and Beys— lnteresting News
Items-
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 19.-The unl
versity town is possessed of a freak in the
person of a female "snipe-shooter." She
has been going about the streets for the
last few days gathering up all tbe cigarette
"snipes" and cigar stubs that she caught
sight of. Already the female tobacco
scavenger has picked up enough castaway
"snipes" from the Berkeley gutters to
This WcII-Dressed "Woman Has
Created a Sensation in Berkeley
fey Going: Around the Streets and
Picking Up the Butts of Half-
Smoked Cigars, Ggarettes, etc
Keep a small sized cigarette factory busy
for a week. This "snipe-shooter" is a
well-dressed woman, about 45 years of age,
and is supposed to hail from San Fran
cisco. From her appearance one would
not have the least suspicion that she was
engaged in the "sniping" business, but
en the other hand would rather take her
for a prosperous forewoman of a shift fac
tory, or head ironer in a modern laundry.
At her present occupation she is cer
tainly an adept. The system under which
she carries on tier business is incieod
unique. Walking along the sidewalk like
any other vedes'rian, but close to tho
gutter, however, she first "spots" her
sought-for "snipe." Passing it by at first,
the suddenly wheels about and drops a
newsjapjr, which she always carries, on
top ot tlie "snipe. " Ostensibly stooping
to pick up th^ paper, si;e secures both pa
per and cigar sinmp. When no one is
looking she slips her "hnd'' into a large
pocket sewed on the inside ot a long, >o >^c
shoulder-cape. Proceeding along until
another "butt" has been found themethod
of getting it into her bag is repeated.
To-day she worked the di>trict around
Berkeley station and Dwight way, and
then took the streetcar for more extensive
fields In Oakland.
The unusual spectacle of a woman gath
ering cigar stubs caused quite a flurry of
excitement on the streets. The peculiar
smoothness with which she conducted her
operations exciteJ much interest, and be
fore siie haii been at v,-ork for ten minutes
she had following after her a crowd of ten
or more curious men and boys.
The I'riiuaries in Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 19.— At the
primary tins anernoon the double-headed
"Stratum and Hill" ticket carried the day
by a ratio of alutost three to one, having
received 811 votes, while only 287 were
cast for the "Hill" ticket. Following was
the vote by precincts: Precinct No- 1,
North Berkeley, Stratton 128, Hill 36; No.
2, West Berkeley, Stratton 200, Hill 85;
No. 3, East Berkeley. Stratton 115, Hill 61 ;
No. 4, Divight way, Stratton 136, Hiil 46;
No. 5, Ashby avenue, Stratton 85, Hill
20; No. 6, Lorin, fciratton 119, Hill TJ.
Total straight votes cast, 1098.
Comparatively little scratching was
done on either ticket. The general senti
ment has been so strong of late in Strat
tqn's favor, because of his having pledged
himself to work vigorously for the inter
ests of the university, tnat his choice for
the senatorsliiu among tbe citizens of the
college town was a foregone conclusion.
Examinations in August.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. 19.— Recorder
Button of the Slate University has posted
a bulletin announcing that all entrance
examinations to the university, hereaf er,
will be held in August. This is a decided
innovation, ns heretofore two examina
tions were offered — ono in May and the
other in August.
Under tue old system students were al
lowed to divide their examinations be
tween these t"«o periods, while under the
new law all the "exes" must be taken at
the same time.
Fresliuien Register Out.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 19.— A com
plete register of th 2 ciass of 1900 has been
published by the university press, with
statistics of admission for the past six
years, showing the number of entrances
to the university to h;ive increased as fol
lows: 91, 192; '92, 243; '93, 303; '94, 419;
'9;j, 432; '96, 481. Of the 481 students ad
mitted this year 326 are regular freshmen,
71 are limned and 84 are special students.
Special Services.
BERKELEY, Cal.. SeDt. 19.— A special
meeting of tiie Salvation Army will be
held to-morrow night at the First Pres
byterian Church. Among tbe Bpeakera
will be Major and Mrs. Mclntyre, Ensign
Taylor, secretary of junior work on the
Pacific Coast, Captain Spurgeon of the
late Charioteers' Band and Sister Edith
Crafts of Mills College.
Preparing for Their Farce.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 19.— The mem
bers of the junior class at the State Uni
versity met yesterday and after a period
of hot debate decided to hold their junior
day farce at tbe Macdonough Theater in
OaKland. The class voted to levy on as
sessment of $1 50 for the farce and $3 50
for the "Blue r.nd Gold" on each member.
WHITE TALKS OF SILVER.
The Senator and Other Demo
crats Talk at the Tab
ernacle.
First Meeting Held by the United
Bryan Forces Since the Nomina
tion of the Southern Man.
Oakland Office San Francisco caix,)
903 Broadway, Sept. 19. >
The Democrats, Populists and silver
men heid a mass-meeting at the Taber
nacle to-night. The hall was pretty well
filled with an audience which had gath
ered to hear Senator S. M. White deliver
an address. It is the first meeting held
by the united Bryan forces since bis nom
ination. Senater "Wnite was escorted
from the train by a band and an escort of
the Young Men's Democratic Club.
M. J. Laymance of the County Demo
cratic Committee called the meeting to
order. *
George W. Baker was the first speaker
and be briefly reviewed the progress of the
Siiver League of the Pacific Coast since its
organization. He said it consisted of
Democrats, Republicans and Populists
and is daily growing larger and more
powerful. In a pretty sentence Mr. Baker
introduced Miss Mollie E. Conners, editor
of Oakland Saturday Night.
"Things have come to a pretty pass,"
said Miss Connor*, "when a man of 36 is
called a boy orator. Pitt ruled England
when he was even younger than Bryan,
wiiom they aeride and ridicule to-day
and call a youth- Mary Bryan is as good
a partner as you want for your President.
Co ming into our Golden Gate this fali we
shall see our sh;p of state, the Bryanite
ship, and nailed at the masthead shall be
the flag of free silver and prosperity to a
clamoring Nation."
Warren B. English made a few remarks
and introduced the speaker of the evening,
Stephen M. White.
"Our entire country stands to-day," he
B;tid, "in the attitude of a helpless, heart
sick baby Nation. This is the hour when
American yeomanry is at a premium and
not party influences, of which we know
and hear so much. Two years aeo your
State convention resolved in favor of the
free and unlimited coinage of silver. You
meant it then and you mean it now. lam
here now to call on you to arise above the
dictates of Mark Hanna.' 1
Mr. White spoke at length upon what
he considered tbe basi9 of Republicanism
in California. He alluded to the widely
different ami, as he thought, inconsistent
action of the Republicans in a later con
veutior. tnan tuat held at Sacntmento.
Mr. White concluded his speech by out
lining the policy upon which his party
ext ected to win out. It is mainly by re
stricting foreign immigration and by
fighting the money markets of the world
in open battie.
rhe "Fish Gang.''
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— Edw. R«nec,
a colored porter, came to the Receiving
Hospital this morning with an ugly knife
wound over his left eye. He claims toat
at 3 a. M., as he was walking alon* Seventh
street, six men Came upon him without
warning and lunged at him. The blow
staggered him and the gang fled aown
Wood street.
Nolan Ia Back.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— Frank
Nolan, who was released by Judge Wood
when brought before him last July on a
caarge of drunkenness if he would go out
of the city, is now locked up as a default
ing defendant. He was found in town last
night, and will now be made to stand
trial uu the ciiarges.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
COULD HARDLY RAISE A CHEER FOR BRYAN AND SEWALL.
Old- Time Populists Capture
the County Conven
tion.
FUSION A BITTER PILL.
Olfice- Holders Prohibited From
Taking Seats as Dsl
egates.
MR. BRYAN IS A POPULIST.
That Is the Rsascn Why Judge G.b
son Is in Favor of the
Nebraska Man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call }
908 Broadway, Sept. 19. f
The Populist County Convention, held
to-day, was very different from that of a
few months ago, when delegates were
elected to the State Convention. Then
the younger element, known aa the
"short-hairs," was in control; to-day all
GREEN MAJORS of Alameda, Chairman of |
the Populist County Convention.
was changed and the senior element,
known as the "long-hairs," was in abso
lute control.
Adoa A. Denison was chairman of the
former convention and carried everything
before him; to-day the convention would
have nothing of its lornier chairman, and
when Denison tried to speak in support of
a minority report on credentials he was
actually invited to sit down, while many
shouted, "Gag him!" It was a great fall
in a few short mouths, but A. A. Brptz
was once more in control and Danison's
prestige had endel.
The convention met at 9 o'clock, and
owing to the number of orators who in
sisted on being heard no nominations bad
been made at 5 p. it. Every little debat
able point was made the subject of argu
ment, and although the "middle-of-the
road" men could not be deprived of their
three-minutes' speeches their talking was
all in vain, for the "long-hairs" who a few
short weeks ago bowled themselves
hoarse from the City Hall forum against
fusion had changed their minds and had
everything their own way. But the short
en<iers talked just the same.
Green Majors of Alameda was elected
etiairman ana spoke briefly about eternal
vigilance, freedom and usury.
Judge Gibson helped to entertain the
delegates while tue committee on creden
tials was prepanug its report. Referring
to fusion he said: '-I went into the Popu
list party because I was converted. I was
in favor of the nomination of Mr. Bryan,
not the indorsement, because I believe he
is more of a Populist than a Democrat ;
because I believe him to be a sincere man.
I believed in nominating Liim because I
b»»ijeve lie is with tha people ami out with
the monopolists and plutocrats of the
country. Not to go into convention with
those opposed to Mr. McKiniey means de
feat, and is it not better to join and elect
part of our ticket ? I am in lavor, therefore,
of joining with the Democrats at this
time and securing a portion of the local
offices.
"in order to do this some will probably
be disappointed, but the Populists have- to
yield something. Do you not think that
it would be a good thing for the Populist
party to have even two members of the
party in tlie Board of Supervisors? The
Populists have an opportunity to elect
three Supervisors, who will Bupport our
Populist Assessor, Dalton."
M th. Dr. Kellogg- Lane made some timely
remarks about woman's suffrage, and
after appointing a committee on resolu
tions the delegates went to lunch.
When the afternoon session opened the
friction commenced. Ttie credentials com
mittee reported in favor of not permitting
any cffk-e-hol'ier to sit as a delegate.
There was a minority report against dis
qaaliflcation because of ofh'ce-hold'ng, and
a heated debate lolioweti. A. A. Denison
was speaking, and had used his time,
when some one proposed be be given
three minutes more. Ten minutes were
wasted in debate, and Denison was de
feated in his aspiration.
Charles White, ton of the Sheriff, said
it was veiy apparent the report was aimed
at him and said it was absurd, as unaer
that ruling a man who worked on the
streets could be shut out from being a del
egate.
A final vote showed that the office
holders were not in favor and they left
their seats.
Then came the important question of
the adoption of the report on fusion.
Tlie report provided that the People's
party shall have the Assemly nomina
tions for t ho Forty-seventh, Forty-ninth
and Fifty. lir.«t Assembly districts, the
nomination of Supervisor for tbe Fourth
Supervisor District, one Judge cf the Su
perior Court, and one Justice of the Peace
for Oakland city, and that the Democratic
party shall have the nominations for As
semblymen in the Forty-sixth, Forty
eighth and Fiftieth districts, for Senator
in the Twenty-seventh Senaicrial District,
one Judge of the Superior Court and one
Justice of the Peace for the city of Oak
land.
While tbe argument about its adoption
was in progress H. C. McPike, from the
Democratic Convention, which was in ses
sion a few blocks away, aropped in and
delivered some good Democratic doctrine,
it was like oil oa troubled waters, aud
after some more talking by the conference
committee the report was adopted.
Owing to the persistency of some of the
delegates to indulpe in talking the conven
tion lasted for more than an hour after the
ratification meeting had opened at the
Tabernacle.
The following nominations were made:
Forty-seventh Assembly District -■ Green
Majors of Alameda.
Forty-ninth Assembly District— Ed Magulre
of Oakland.
Fifty-first Assembly District— Dr. A. F.
Childs.
Supervisor Fourth District— M. L. Gray of
Piedmont-
Supervisor Fifth District— B. C. Allen of
Oakland.
For Superior Judge, E. M. Gibson of
Oakland; lor City Justice, W. F. Aram of
Aiameda. '___
THE THEATERS.
"Madame Sans Gene" and the "Com
modore" >"ext Week
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— The pretty
Macdonough will be crowded with one of
Oakland's most fashionable audiences
Monday to see Kathryn Kidder open a
week's engagement in "Madame Sans
Gene" after a most successful run across
tbe bay. The coniDany comprises fifty
eight very clever people and has its own
settings and costumes, and the play will
be presented in the same fullness as in
New York and San Francisco.
"The Commodore" will be given Mon
day night at the Oakland Theater for the
first time on any stage, witii all special
scenery and a cast of over fifty people.
Mr. Bacon's Portland Company opens in
that city next Sunday. Bacon's company,
now playing at the Oakland, Holds the
j record for a long run in Portland. It
SETH MANN of Oakland, Chairman of the
Democratic County Convention.
played there nine months, without miss
ing a single performance.
Hatlock Will Supply.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Pil
grim Congregational Church, at Eighth
avenue and East Sixteenth street, has se
cured the Rev. L. H. Hallock, D.D., late
of the First Congregational Church of Ta
coma, Wash., but now pastor and lecturer
! at Mills College, in this county, to supply
[ their pulpit for the present.
Dr. Hallock has held pastorates in Con
j necticut and at Portland, Me., where he
was the immediate successor of the Rev.
F- E. Clark of Christian Endeavor fame.
From there he went to the sound country,
where he was for three years, in which
time be took in 190 members.
There will be only 11 o'clock services
Sundays and the Thursday evening meet
ings.
Stewart'* Testimonial.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 19.— Tbe social
event of the coming week is Alex T. Stew
art's testimonial concert at the Unitarian
Church Friday evening under the patron
age of Mr?. S. F. Siratton, Mrs. B. F. Dun
ham, Mrs. 8. F. Alexander, Mrs. H. G.
Tho/ras. Mrs. E L. Hall, Mrs. G. T. Haw
ley. Mrs. J. L. Howprd, Mrs. W. H.
Chickering, Mrs. W. R. Davis, and Mrs. L.
T. Snow oi Alameda.
The programme will include orchestra
selections and solo numbers by Sigmund
Heel, Mrs. Olive Reed, John \V. Metcalf,
Miss Dorothy Goodsell, W. B. King. C.
W. Crabtree and Miss Clara Louise Saf
ford.
Some of the Faces and Impressions That "Were Noted at the Democratic and Populist Conventions and
at the Republican Primaries "Which Were Held in Alameda County Yesterday.
Democrats Hold a County
Convention at the
Tabernacle.
FUSION AND CONFUSION.
One cf the Delegates Arrested
for Slapping Another's
Face.
HENRY McPIKL'3 PAUSES.
They Were Necessary to Induce
Delegates and Proxy. Ho'ders
to Cheer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 19. f
There has frequently been more enthusi
asm in the Tabernacle than there was to
il;* y during the Democratic county con
vention, but there has never been less.
The name of XV. J. Bryan did not en
i danger the roof, and when Chairman Me-
Pike read the platform he met with the
disappointment of his life. He read the
indorsing paragraph and duly paused after
the words, "Bryan and Sewall," but there
was no response. Suddenly the son of
Postmaster White took the cue and kicked
the floor. Others fohowed suit, and the
name of the Nebraska man who uses
Scriptural similes was accorded a half
hearted cheer.
Chairman Laymance of the County Cen
tral Committee called the delegates, and it
was found that there was a large number
of proxies. Seth Mann was unanimously
elected to preside over the convention and
Leo Park was made secretary.
During the recess there was a little ex
citement. J. B. Bernard, a liveryman of
Niles, became involved in an altercation
with J. P. Bedard, a blacksmith of tbe
same place, upon the floor of the conven
tion and slapped the latter's face. Dur
ing the primaries Bernard bet Bedard $20
that he (Bernard) would be in the conven
tion. When they met to-day it was in
the delegation's seats on the floor aud
Bernard told Bedard that he had no busi
ness there. Bedard replied that Bernard
hartstuffel the ballot-box to get there.
This was denied with an oath and ihe lie
was passed when Bernard slapped the oth
er's face and friends parted tnem.
At the noon hour Bedard swore to a
warrant for his assailant's arrest. During
tbe afternoon session an otiicer came in
and took Bernard out. At the City Hall
Bernard put up $100 and returned to the
convention.
The report of tbe platform committee
was as follows:
The Democratic party of Alameda County,
-in convention assembled, expresses its hearty
indorsement of the principles embodied in the
late National and State Democratic platforms.
VVe offer William J. Brvan for President and
Arthur Sewnl. for Vice-President cf the United
Mates our united support and hid them god
speed on the highway of their efforts in behalf
of a long suffering, patient, but law-abiding
people.
We believe that the obligations of benefici
aries of the public bounty should be strictly
enforced; that our prosperity should not be
weighted down with obligations that should
be liquidated in this day and generation. We
therefore express our disapproval aud con
demnation of any effort by Congress to fund
the debt of the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany.
We believe in accommodating our county
highways to the demands of an advancing
civilization, and to that end pledge our nomi
nees for Supervisors and Legislature to use all
legitimate efforts to accomplish such a result.
We lavor the continuance of the State Bu
reau of Highways provided by the last Legis
lature, and pledge our nominees to an active
interest In its perpetuatiou and effectiveness,
to the end that the whole State may be brought
under a uniform system of highways, thus
insuring to tao public the best meana oi inter
communication.
We believe in a just rate of assessment of
property, and pledge our nominees for Super
visors to act with fairness and impartiality in
the discharge of the function of Equalizers.
Wo are proud of the record made by Hon.
Stephen >[. White, United States Senator from
California. He has stood up manfully and bat
tled hard for the rights of the people.
We disapprove of the conduct of Congress
man S. G. Hiiborn In having passed a bill
through Congress by which the people of Oak
land were permitted to purchase a lot and
build a postoffice for the use of the United
States. This being the sum of his efforts in be
hah of the people of the Congressional district
we permit him to gracefully return to the
gloom of his own obscurity.
The reports of the various committees
were received and passed by the conven
tion, ami business oroceeded rapidly.
R. M. Fitzgerald called for the fusion
report. It was read by H. C. McPike, and
every time Bryan's name was mentioned
he paused and waited for the faint cheer
that seemed to hesitate to come. Judge
Gibson and A. A. Broty, from the Popu
list convention down the street, appeared
at this stage, and there was a little love
feast, and all was agreed to with the ex
ception of some difficulty over a Super
visorial district.
The following nominations were made
by the Democratic convention:
Superior Judge— Thomas L. Garrity of Oak
land.
Forty-sixth Assembly District — C. C. Hamil
ton of Haywards.
Forty-eighth Assembly District— Not filled.
Fiftieth Assembly District.— R. W. ileyrlck of
Oakland.
Twenty-seventh Senatorial District— No one
would accept nomination.
City Justice of the Peace— J. E. McElroy.
The following new County Central Com
mittee was appointed:
First Ward— M. Farrell, E. L. Cordage, James
Henneberry. w
Tftird Ward— a Kehoe, P. O"Kane, W. B.
White.
Fourth Ward— C. H. Brosnehan, C. W. Logan,
T. J. Hopkins.
Fifth Ward— E. D. Ellis. M. J. O'Gara, H. C.
McPike.
Sixth Ward— John Coveney, C. D. O'Gara,
E. Y. Oill.gan.
Seventh Ward— W. R. Kennedy, M. J. Crooks,
J. Samuel-.
Alameda— A. F. St. Sure, George W. Dennis,
T. E. Brenuen.
Oakland Township— A. H. Wells, John Cava
naugh, T. Murray.
Brooklyn— £. S. Lund, John Kerwin, James
Nirer.
Eden— J. H. Beigier, San Leandro; E. Hol
land. San Lorenzo; I. de Camp, Haywards.
Murray— John Sweeney, Livermore; W. H.
Egan, Altamont; Dr. W. A. Hirshiser, Pleasan
■ ton.
Washington— Dr. W. H. Emerson, Center
vilie; A. W. Larsen, Alvarado; Joseph Sun
derer, Mission ;?an Jose.
NOT AFRAID TO FIGHT.
Pugilist Brown Explains Why
He Will Not Again Meet
the Haywards Man.
The Gate Money Disappeared at Va
llej) and the Winner Is
Anxiously Waiting for It.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call )
908 Broadway. Sept. 19. \
James Brown, the colored pugilist of
this city, who recently defeated Martin
Mulverviil of Haywards at Vallejo, is still
waiting for bis share of the gate money.
Although a return match between tlie
two men is trying to be arranged by their
friends Brown refuses to do anything
more until he is paid for making Mr.
Mulverniil insensible a month ago.
Brown is particularly incensed at not
receiving his money because he did such
excellent work. The agreement called for
a maximum of twenty rounds and so
adroit was Brown that Mulverhill was
sleeping before the close of the fourth
round.
'Tlie match was arranged by Frank
Burns, who acted as manager," said
Brown to-day, "and I should have re
ceived 75 per cent of the gate money. In
Auction Sates
A. L CRESSWELL. AUCTIONEER.
TO-MOhKOW.
Monday '. September 21, 1896,
At 11 o'clock sharp,
.... I WILL SELL ...
The Beautiful Furniture, Carpets,
Piano. Bric-a-Brac. China. Silver-
ware, Etc.. contained in the Ele-
gant Residence of Mrs. H. Zadig,
2297 Franklin St., cor. Broadway.
• .... COMPRISING
Elegant TTprlcht ( bickering Piano, with cover and
stool, a beautiful instrument, cost $650: a mag •
niflcent Solid Mahogany Parlor Suit, 4 piece*!
elegantly carved, cost $180; -1 Parlor Sof , late *
design, inlaid mahogany, imported from Paris ut^.
cost of $150; very choice odd pieces of Ladle/L
ltockers, Easy and Reception Chairs: 2 pairs SI *■
Brocade Portieres, really very handsome, co 3t .
$100 a pair; Beautiful Ornaments, Steel r.ngra v *
ings and Ktchlnps: Parlor Cabinet; Bookcase
Ladies' Writing Desks; Imported 1. P. Lace Cu 1 "
tains: Plush Window Draperies, etc.: Chamber*
1, 2, 3 and 1, comprising one exceptionally beauti-
ful suit of it pieces, cost $250. Oak and Wahint
Suits, Three-quarter Beds, White Hair Mattresses,
Down Pillows and Comforters: Moquette and Body
Brussels Carpets throughout the house: fine OaK
Hall Tree and Hail Chair. Dining-room— l
very handsome OaK sideboard, made to order at a
cost of $175; Elegant 13-foot Pedestal Table to
match.; 6 Handsomely Carved- Dining Chairs, up-
holstered .in French Tapestry, with 52 Carving
Chairs to match: 1 Decorated Dinner Set, 131
pieces; Silver Tea Set. Breakfast-room— Beautiful
sideboard in Oak; 12-foot Extension Table to
match; Oak Chairs: Cutlery and Glassware; Beau-
tiful Conch. Kitchen— Agateware; Kitchen Table:
Refrigerators; Linoleum; contents of servants'
room; also 2 Klec;ric liouse Batteries complete,
containing 30 cells, together with an Immense
lotofotherartic.es. A. L. CRESSWKLL,
Terms Cash. Auctioneer.
NOTK — house was furnished regardless of
cost and will be sold wi hout reserve. This is
without doubt the most elegant and desirable fur-
niture offered at public auct.on this season
This elegant mansion. with commodious grounds,
will be sold at same time, or will be rent, d for $80
per month.
stead of that I was given $50 and Burns
took $67 and said, 'This is my pull-down
and I dare any one to touch it, see.' He
should have sent me my full share, but it
has not come yet and 1 do not believe it
ever will.
"Now an effort is being made to arrange
another match, but I will not hear of it
till Burns turns over to me my full share.
Because I stand oo my rights and will not
liirht for the benefit of anybody but my
self, all manner of stories are being cir
culated, out they are not true. lam not
afraid to go into the ring to meet Mulver
hill at any time and I should not have
said anything at this time if it were not
necessary to protect my reputation.
"I am able to look after all the money
I earn and I do not want Manager Burns
to constitute himself a banker for me. '
COUNCIL GOES ON RECORD
One More Resolution Passed to
Keep Even With the Ala
meda Trustees.
Anxious to Avoid Any Possibe Mis
understanding With the War
Department.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 19. j
The City Council has gone on record in
the tidal canal matter. Several months
ago they were induced to sign a memorial
to the War Department asking that the
tidal canal at the Alameda end of the es
tuary be constructed first. They thought
no more of the matter until they heard
some weeks later that there was a conflict
at Washington between the petitions to
which were appended the names of the
Oakland Ciiy Council.
An investigation was made, and it was
discovered that they had signed the sec
ond petition, believing that it was along
tbe same lines as the first. They found
out their mistake and at once did all they
could to rectify it. The result was a pro
cession of petition-bearers bound for
Washington that completely upset the
calculations of the War Department.
Another communication was sent re
cently from the Alameda Board of Trus
tees, and so that it should not score a
point ahead of Oakland the City Council
at its last meeting passed a resolution de
claring that it believes the best interests
of this city will be served by completing
the Oakland end of the barbor first.
A copy of the resolution was forwarded
to the War Department to-day, making
one more document to the large library
of correspondence on the subject that is
now with the War Department.
Lloyd's Letter.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 19.— The Oakland
City Christian Endeavor Union meets Mon
day \\-L'ek, at which time Chief of Police
Lloyd's ri-cent letter will bo considered. A
special invitation is made to pastors to at
tend and be ready to- make suggestions
regarding the same. Already a number
have declared themselves as opposed to
any such work being handled by the En
deavorers.
NEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Mea
and Women.
Diseases of* young 1 , middle.
aged and old men which weaken
the body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap me vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice end experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
Blood. If you have a dizziness of tha
bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, "a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling, ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse-, if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
You can be cured at home.
"Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered In English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strialiy confidential.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frea oa ap»
plication. Address
no pt SWF ANY 737 Market St.
Un, I. L. OIIUIHIj £an Francisco, C4U
1314
GOING THROUGH
ALL THE FORMS
The Kelly-Mahoney Outfit
and Its Municipal
Convention.
ADOPTS A BIG PLATFORM
Makes Believe It Has Authority
From the National
Committee.
ENJOY THEMSELVES GREATLY
A Lot of Names Suggested for the
Mayoralty and for the Office
of Supervisors.
The Kelly-Mahoney municipal conven
tion held a short and noisy session in
B'nai B'rith Hall last evening at which a
platform was reported that troubled every
vote-casting element and every condition
of life in the City and County. A docu
ment was read by Mr. Ruef, which Mr.
Ruef declared made of the convention the
only Republican party, and this was
loudly cheered.
The document was a typewritten notifi
cation signed by the officers of the Na
tional Committee, declaring that the
Fourth Congressional District Republican
Committee, led by Joseph S. Spear Jr.,
was the properly qualified committee — a
reiteration of what was said at St. Louis.
Under this the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Committee proceeded to hold a con-
v There goes Kelly."
vention to nominate officers for the entire
City and for the Legisiature in much bet
ter spirits.
Chairman Sonntag called the conven
tion to order and the committee on plat
form and order of business reported. Mr.
Ruef read the platform, ten pages of type
written le al-can, complaining in the be
ginning that they had not bad time
enough to do as much as they would have
liked.
The first page consisted of glittering gen
eralities, which led up at the beginning
of the second page to an indorsement of
the National Republican ticket. After
that it began to particularize.
It complimented the chairman of the
Republican State Committee, Hon. Frank
McLaughlin; then it declared that no
person would be nominated by that con
vention for any office except he was quali
fied for an honest and economical man
agement of the same; it thoueht the
present system of primary elections was
pernicious and cried out for a better one;
it declared the public - school system
was a "bulwark of our liberties," and
favored the development of the non
sectarian educational system and pledged
its candidates for School Directors
to strict economy, looking first to the pay
ment of teachers' salaries; it favored a
good fire department, and commended the
present chief; it also flattered the polica
department; it favored fair competition
in street work and the repaying of Market
street and the lighting of Golden Gate
Park. It reached out for the bicycle vote
in these words, "Tne claims of a large,
influential and most respected element of
our community interes:ed in the use of
the bicycle,' 1 etc., to the effect that streets
should be improved and railroads be re
quired to carry the bike as baggage.
The folks in the Mission were not over
looked, tbeir demand for park and public
school improvements being favored.
Payment of the back debts owed by
the City and County to merchants was
favoied, as was a repeal of the order tag
ging itinerant venders; low rates for gas
and water are guaranteed and a dollar
"Told in Whispers"— The"Senator"
Instructs One of His Trusty
Lieutenants.
limit for taxation in succeeding para
graphs.
A constitutional amendment is favored
providing that members of the Board of
Equalization be nominated from their re
spective districts, but shall be voted for
by electors. Thanks were extended to
Messrs. Cheese borough and Golgan of the
said board.
The platform then broke its bounds
and spread into National politics, saying
that it was opposed to all Southern Pa
cific funding propositions, favoring the
construction of the Nicaragua canal and
of the Pacific cable to the Sandwich
Islands; sympathized with the Cubans
and was opposed to the immigration of
cheap Chinese and Japanese labor, and
is "unqualifiedly opposed to all religious
intolerance in politics and public affairs,
as well as in private life."
It favored the recognition of the colored
people. Lastly luis Kelly -Mahoney plat
term delivered itself of a philippic de
nouncing single leadership, ana was for
ever against any one man, millionaire or
pauper, holding the Republican party in
the hollow of his hana.
The platform was adopted at once.
A resolution was offered providing that
in tne event of a rehearing and reversal of
the decision in the matter of Kahn va. the
Board of Election Commissioners, the
County Committee be empowered ft) make
necessary nominations Jor the officers
continued by that decision.
Mr. Ruef presented a resolution by re
quest pledging legislative nominees to
work foi the passage of a law declaring
bicycles to be baggage, and requiring all
transportation companies to carry the
Watching for the Mahoney Signal.
same as such, an<i that the scope of the
State Bureau of Highways be increased.
It was here that Mr. Ruef read his pa
per which, he claimed, made of this con
vention the only real Republican party in
this City and County and which the aver
age intelligent reader will discover does
not refer to anything in politics outside
the Fourth District. However, Ruef's an
nounceraentand reading were greeted with
prolonged cheering. The paper read as
follows:
Resolved. That the Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Republican Committee of the State of
California, consisting of Joseph S. Spear Jr..
William H. Dimond, N. J. Williams, Jacob
Levy Jr., P. B. Kearny, W. F. Howe and A.
Barnard, were selected and chosen under and
in accordance with the call of tne National
Republican Committee; that the Fourth Con
gre&sional Committee, that the Fourth Con
gressional District Republican Convention of
the State of California, which was elected and
chosen at the primaries conducted by said
Fourth Congressional District Republican
Committee nominated Joseph F. Spear Jr. and
H. I. Kowaisky as delegates to the National
Republican Convention, held in St. Louis on
the 16th day of June, A. D. 1896; that said
delegates were duly seated as the delegates
from said Fourth Congressional District Re
publican Convention to said National Conven
tion, and that said Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Republican Committee is the regularly
organized Republican Committee and is
alone entitled to convey t>e party
name and title of "Republican' 1 to all
organizations and conventions made, selected
orjehosen under its auspices, and to their
nominees as candidates for rmblic offices.
Republican National < ommittee.
Attest: By (digued) Thomas H. Cartkr,
Chairman.
By J. IT. Man ley.
Republican National Convention.
By (signed) John M. Thurston, Chairman.
By (signed) Charles W. Johnson, Secretary.
No nominations were made, but sugges
tions were received for nominations for
the offices of Mayor and Supervisors as
follows:
For Mayor— Hon. William S. Barnes,
Horace Davis, Charles 8. Laumei.ner, Fred
Talbot, Henry S. Marti'i, Asa R. Wells,
Colonel C. L. Taylor, Henry P. Sonntag,
Colonel Kowalsky.
W. H. H. Hart, George A. Knight and
Fred J. Castleton.
For Supervisor for the First Ward— W.
A. Richardson, Gu« Weimann, Edward
Holland.
Supervisor, Second Ward — Jeremiah
Braver, R. L. Clark, L. B. Lippert, \V. F.
Fitzgerald. A. H. Hansen.
Third Ward— J. J. West, Charles F.
Benjamin.
P'ourth Ward — W. C. Eidenrnniler.
Fifth Ward— W. H. Brown, R. S. Val
entine.
Sixth W r ard— William E. Lane, E. B.
Shattuck.
Seventh Ward— P. A. Kearnev, Yon
Morgan, E. J. Baldwin, George h. Wil
liams, Gerard Dean. Henry Conn.
Eighth Ward — Henry Steam, Joseph
Hirscb, John J. Flaherty, William Michel
son, Henry P. Sonntag, M. J. Mcßride,
William T. Conkline, M. Stone .
Ninth Ward— John E. McDougal.
Ten tn Ward—George E Keefe, F. Fra
zier, J. G. Le Count, Henry B. Russ.
Eleventh Ward— Harry Williamson, Ed
ward T. Sb.eel.an, Henry F. Wendt.
Twelfth Ward— W. W. Wilkinson,
Thomas J. Campbell, F. C. Nobraan. A. C.
R. Welle. Jo epti Brook*, Dr. C. D. Sal
rieid, E. H. Aigeltinger, P. B. Evans, John
A. Drinkhonse.
The convention, with this, adjourned
until Monday evening.
At a meeting: held subsequently, the
Nineteenth Senatorial District nominated
Gus J. Gilfether for the S'.ate Senate.
Hi^h School Appropriation.
At a meeting of the Mission Improvement
Club last, nignt the committee which was ap
pointed to wait on the Individual members of
the Supervisors with a -view ot ascertaining
how they stood on the appropriation lor the
Mission High School reporit-U that SuperTisors
King Scully, liirsch, Wagner aud Benjamin
were in favor of the ai>pr»priation, while Mor
genstern was non-comniittßl. Duuker was not
con ulted. Hughes will not oppose it nor
would he say that ho would favor it. li'obbs
with his people, will work and vote for it Di
mond was vouched lor as being in favor of the
measure, while Taylor and Spreckels were out
of tne City and their opinions could not be as
certained. Daniel Webster Kelly, George Wal
com, two Democrats, and J. F. crosett and
William Meizner, two Republicans, were se
lected as being the choice of the club for
School Directors before their respective nomi
nating conventions.
Piles! Pil<-s: Blac'H Infallible Pile Care.
Cures all cases of blind, bleeding, itching
and protruding piles. Price 50c. A. Mcßoyle
& Co., druggibu, 504 Washington street. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
CONVENTION OF
NON-PARTISANS
Its Organization Completed
by the County Com
mittee.
EFFORTS TO CAPTURE IT
Frank J. Sullivan Wants to
See Brother-in-Law Phelan
Indorsed.
OFFICIALS ALREADY NAMED.
The Powerful Nominating Body Will
Bs Composed of but Fifty
Members.
An effort is already on foot to make a
Democratic sideshow of the coming Non-
Partisan convention. Last night the Non-
Partisan County Committee met in execu
tive session at Fraternal Hall to make pre
convention arrangements. Frank J. Sul
livan, he of the resounding voice and
unattainaDle political ambition, was on
hand, bowed under the burden of Brother
in-law James D. Phelan's blunt Mayoralty
ax, which he industriously sought to
whet at the Non-Partisan grindstone.
The meeting was a long one, the time
being principally consumed in discussion
of the advisability of making the present
committee the convention or of increasing
its number to 75 or 100 members.
It was finally decided to retain the
present number. Another subject of
controversy was the question of nomina
tions. The committee was and in fact
still is in doubt as to whether it will be
better to nominate an independent ticket
or to wait and indorse nominees of the
othei conventions.
It was in this argument that Sullivan
sought to get in his fine work. He would,
of course, like to see -'Buddy Jim" receive
the Non- Partisan indorsement. Most of
the members of the committee, however,
are in favor of an independent ticket and
Mr. Sullivan's aspirations are therefore
very likely to be shelved.
George K. Fitch was chosen temporary
chairman of last nighi's meeting, in
which position he was subsequently con
iirmed. Ludwig Altschul acted as tempo
rary secretary. The following convention
committees were anpointed:
On organization— E. J. Le Breton, I. T. Milli
k-ii, C. B. Perkins, BarCiay Henley, George K.
Fitch, Ludwig Altschul and Jere Lyni h.
On platiorm— Ludwig Altschul, E. J. Le Bre
ton, Barclay Henley, C. B. Perkins, 1. J. Tru
man and F. J. Suilivan.
On order of business— L.Jacobs, Charles Ash
ton and C. S. Capp.
On vacancies— Ludwig Altschul, Jere Lynch,
E. A. Denicke, Geurgo K. Fiich, 1. J. Truman,
F. J. Sulliyun and A. 8. Hallidie.
On «u<-!iting— E. J. Le Breton, H. L. Davis,
E. M. Root, J. W. Whiting and W. H. Crim.
The following officers of the convention
were also selected;
Chairman, George K. Fitch; vice-chairmen,
Frank bullivau. A. S. Hallidie and 1. J. Tru
man; secretary, I. T. Milliten; treasurer, E. J.
Le Breton; sergeants-at-arms, Charles Ashion
and George Cummiugs.
The chairman was authorized to appoint
all standing commi.tees for the conven
tion, including the nominations commit
tee. He will report his selections at the
meeting to be held to-morrow night at
Fraternal Hall, when the reports ot sev
eral if the committees appointed will also
be received.
WHEELMEN TO PARADE.
Preparing ior a Monster Demon
stration in the Near
Future.
Discussion Participate] In by Dele
gates From Local Societies
of Bicyclists.
The local wheelmen seem desirous to
give the City and all whom it may con
cern an idea of their power. Last night
delegates from the various clubs oi the
City met at the rooms of the Bay City
Wheelmen to debat - the advisability of a
giant bicycle parade. The objoct of this
parade will be to register a solemn protest
against the condition of the City's streets
and to give the Police Department an idea
of the magnitude of the body of wheelmen
who require protection at its hands.
Judge t\ H. Kerrigan presided, and
amone those present were delegates from
the following-named clubs: The Call
Bicycle Club, Imperial, Bay City, Waver
ley, Liberty, Barker, Olympic Wheelmen,
Olympic Cyclists, Pathfinders, Golden
Gate, California, San Francisco Koad Club
and other organizations of bicyclists,
representing a membership of GOOO and
upward.
Th«re was much discussion among the
delegates as to the time when the pro
posed parade should take place. Some of
the members were opposed to a night pa
rade on the ground that disorder might re
sult owing to lark of police protection.
Arthur Barendt said tne Chief oi Police
had promised that the parade would have
ample police escort and protection. He
was more in fay r of having anight parade
than one on Sunday afternoon, since the
last named course would perhaps call
forth a protest from the clergy.
Mr. Maguhe opposed the notion of a
parade, and was followed by other dele
gates to the same effect, several recom
mending an exhibition in the Pavilion or
some other large hall, an idea which
seemed to meet no little favor.
A resolution was at length ad*, rted to
the effect that a parade or demonstration
of some sort be held in the near future,
the character and date of the event to
be detrmined by the followin£-namod
committee of three: P. J. Hyde, P. A. Joy
and 8. Pciser.
Mr. Maguire desired those present to
recollect that the night of the 25th inst.
had been designated by the directors of
the Mechanics' Institute as wheelmen's
night, and said he hoped all would pre
pare to make the best s .owing possible.
GAY ARMY MEN.
Knjoy.'ihle Camp-Fire of Lincoln Post
No. 1 at >°ative Son-.' Hall.
Lincoln Post of the Grand Army of the
Republic held an old-time camp-tire social
last night at Native Sons' Hall. The
tables were devoid of cloths, silver or crys
tal; but there was no lack of beans n^r of
beer, the last-named article on the menu
being replaced by coffee for the disciples
of good Father Mat hew, who, sooth to
say, seemed much in ihe minority.
Commander H. W. Mortimer, the genial
chief officer of the post, gave a glamour
of Testive luxury to the Spartan simplicity
of the bill of fare by presenting each of
the guests with a draught of Pommery
Sec when the pipes and tobacco were
brought on. During the meal tb? Letter
carriers' band discoursed a select pro
gramme of classic and popular music, and
when the curling clouds of smoke com
menced to ascend story-telling was in
order.
Mr. Mortimer told some of the biggest
yarns he is ever known to have told,
which is by no means saying little.
Stories were related and addresses made
by Past Department Commander Charles
E. Wilson, General W. H. L. Barnes, the
Hon. A. J. Buckles of Suisun, Colonel C.
Mason Kinne and Colonel W. R. Smed
berg. Nor was music lacking, all present
joining in the choruses to the songs. It
was long past midnight before the en
joyable event was brought to a close with
tne singing of "Auld Lang Syne."
DESTROYED BY OWNERS.
Chinatown Rook«rlea That "Will No
Longer Bother the Board of Health.
Mora Condemnations.
The owners of Chinatown properties
that have been condemned or are even
likely to be condemned, have begun to
realize that the Board of Health means
business and that the buildings will be
torn down unless they are protected by
legal process.
Some days ago Health Officer Lovelace
reported the condition of a number of
structures that were in bad sanitary con
dition, recommending their condemna
tion, and yesterday the beard made an in
spection to see whether the report should
be carried out. It was found that tbe
two shanties at 8 and 10 Card alley bad
been removed by the owners. Buildings
at 928 Ciay street, 10 Brooklyn place and
four small structures on an alley running
off Valiejo between Montgomery and San
some streets were condemned and will be
torn down unless removed by the owners
within ten days.
"QUIZ" ON THE CHARTER
The Old and the New Compared
in Twenty Short Chapters
ior Busy People.
Prepared by J. Richard Freud Under
the Direction of the Citizens'
Charter Association.
The following questions and answers on
the charter have been prepared by J, R.
Freud under the direction of the Com
mittee on Press and Publications of the
Citizens' Charter Association :
CHAPTER CITY GOVERNMENT.
What Is a city charter? A.— is the or
ganic law of a city, Just as the constitution is
the fundamental law of the State.
Q.— ls it a question of party politics? A.— No:
a charter has nothing to do with party poli
tics. It affects all political parties alike.
Q. — Is it a question of persons or individ
uals? A.— No; it has nothing whatever to do
with persons. All individuals and officials are
affected equally.
Q.— What then is the main result of a new
charter? A.— chief result is a change in
the system or method of governing a city.
Q.— Do citizens change or amend their char
ters often? A.— Every progressive city changes
or amends its charter whenever found neces
sary.
(I— What are the principal reasons? A. — On
account of rapid growth, new conditions, ad
vanced ideas, improved methods or higher
standards.
CHAPTER II.— GOVERNMENT OP SAN FRANCISCO.
Q. —^Vhatconstitute^ the present government
of San Francisco? A.— lt consists of many
special acts of the Legislature of California.
When was it made? A.— The first or
original part was made in 1856. ,
Q.— How often has it been changed or altered?
A. Every Legislature during the past forty
years has changed, amended, supplemented or
repealed parts of the original act.
Q. — What is the name of this complex produc
tion 1 A.— lt is generally called the "consolida
tion act."
Q.— How large was San Francisco In 1856? A.
It was a tradine-post of about 40,000 people.
Q.— What other new conditions nave arisen
since 1856? A.— The main resource of San
Francisco then was from the mines; now It is
from agriculture, commerce and manufactures.
Q.— ls the consolidation act suited to the
present wants ol San Francisco? A.— San
Fra Cisco has outerown the consolidation act,
and it is as little suited to the requirements of
this City as a boy's clothes would be suited to
a man.
Q.— Are the present laws governing San Fran
cisco generally understood? A.— In fact,
no one can tell with certainty the exact laws
upon many municipal questions.
Q— What are some of the results of the con
solidation act? A.— special laws, legislative
tyranny, official chaos, municipal extrava
gance and corruption, political patronage,
monopolies in all public utilities ana decay of
the City. .■/.•.
(To be continued.)
CITY OR COUNTY?
The Supreme Court TVJII Be Asked
to Modify Its Decision
on the Act.
Garret W. McEnerney said yesterday
that the Supreme Court would be asked to
modify its opinion in the county govern
ment act case. He believed that the
county government act did not apply to
San Francisco. He stood on the record
as Having won the ca&e, yet he knew that
he was beaten.
"Unless the decision is modified it seems
to me it will plun ge our affairs into an un
bearable state of uncertainty and doubt,
though, of cour-e, if the decision be right,
if it be sound, if it be the correct construc
tion of our political system, it ought to
stand," added Mr. McEnerney.
The point at issue seems to be that
under the opinion Kan Francisco will be
left without several county officers re
quired under the constitution. If the
Treasurer and the Auditor are City of
ficials and not County officers the opinion
of the Supreme Court will have robbed
this County of most of her officials.
Salaries at the Emporium.
In behalf of ourselves and fellow-employes
we take pleasure in refuting the pub.islied
statement that The Emporium had deducted
salaries for Admission day. Not only were
salaries paid to every employe for the observ
ance of that day, but also to all our co-workers
who observed the preceding one— the Jewish
New Year. Department miiiagers— J' hu Teji-
Kart, Richard Borough, William A. Dund.is J
J. Miller, Will. am M. .Johns in, W. .-. Leckle, C
H. Lohmeyer, S. IS. Fauson, Mis.- E. Keltuer,
HT*. M. L. Howiand, C. F. I'etersi-n, II C.
Asche, B. Jacobs, Joha Kane, J. C. Davia, Philip
<\ Kc.ly, James MHforty, Eleanor A. liiggins,
M. H. K;.an, S. W. Dixou, Charles K. Garey, K.
D. Morgan, W. G. Wood, Ed Evatt, Darnel
<-inggs.
Brewom' Resolutions.
At a meeting of the Brewers' Union Xo. 7
last night the following resolutions were
passed :
Whkkeas. We, He United Brewery Workmen's
Union 01 San Francisco, have Uiroiph sivt?ral re
spectable sources received the information that
the propnetors of u,e National Brewery of ;his
city are tryiug to put themselves under cover of
the unKn by siatlng 10 the public that they em
ploy union men, und never dlMbarMd a man for
belonging to the same; and whereas, we being in
possession of ail tiie facts bearing upon the case,
and knowing that ; here is not on»- union man in
their itnpioy at the present time, be it
Eesolvcd, That we, In regular session assembled,
denou o- the statement of sala proprietors as a
base fabrication, intended to deceive and mislead
public opinion and friends of organized labor in
general by pushing off their product as union
umdenooda; ami be it
Reiolved, That we condemn the deceitful actlcn
of said concern, and for explanation will state that
as soon as they have established lhe fact that a
union man is among their employees ha is dis
chargee therefrom: and be it further
Jietolved, Thai a copy of tb>se resolutions be
seat to every union in this City and surroundings.
Two Small Fire*.
An alarm was sounded from box 518, at
8:45 o'clock last evening, for a fire In a hay
barn, on Connecticut street, near Twentieth.
The cause of the blaze, wiiich damaged the
ijuildinu to the extent of $200. is unknown.
The alarm from box 43, at 9 p. M , whs for a
fire in the California Dairy Kitchen, 761 Mar
ket street. The blaze was caused by a pot of
grease overflowing and catching fire from the
heated range. The damage was nominal.
GUSTAV STAHL'S
FATAL PLUNGE
Nine- Year-Old Boy Falls
Four Stories in a
Hotel.
DOWN A STAIR WELL.
He Tried to Slide, but He Be
came D'zzy and Lost
His Hold.
HIS COMPANION LOOKED ON.
Strange Accident That Horrifiad the
Guests of the Miramar
Yesterday.
Gustav Stabl, 9 years of age, met with a
shocking accident, which resulted in his
death, at the Miramar Hotel, 703 Geary
street, where he was livine with his
mother, yesterday afternoon. The boy,
who was playing with his younger brother
and another boy, named Gerald Brown,
proposed that they slide down the banis
ters of the hotel.
They went to the fourth floor of the
building and after a few moments' sport
Gustav decided to slide down head first.
He started, but lost his balance and
plunged head first down the stair well.
He struck on the lower banister and fell
unconscious to the floor. He was picked
up and carried to his motber'B room and
a physician was summoned.
After examining the boy's injuries he
sugcested that he be removed to the
French Hospital. This was done, but the
injured boy never recovered conscious
ness. He died last evening. His mother
in prostrated over the death of her son,
but being satisfied that his death was due
solely to accident and was the fault of no
one waived an inquest. The boy's body
was removed irom the hospital to Leopold
Moss', his grandfather's residence, 1818
O'Farrell street.
The Drive Was Kept Wet.
Superintendent Reddy of the Almshouse has
recently caused the cutting of some trees along
the road between the Almshouse and Ingle
side. These were not near the Almshouse.
They had been complained of because they kept
the road damp and muddy, -o that driver- on
the war to and from Ingleside were incon
venienced. Superintendent Reddy says that
he whs requested to take this action by promi
nent citizens, and that it will result in beuefit
to all concerned. All these trees would soon
have been cut, in any instance, by the run
uing of the boulevard.
No Corroborative Evidence.
The case against Charles Pscherhofer, real
estate agent, charged with obtaining money
by false pretenses, was dismissed by Judge
Campbell yesterday. The complaining wit
ness was Mrs. Anna Swissig, who alleged that
Pscherhofer sold her two lots last month in
Su;roville Addition, near Stockton, but the
lots in her dee l were not the same that Pscher
hofer pointed out to her at the time of the
purchase. This Pscherhofer denied, and the
ca^e was dismissed for lack of corroborative
evidence.
MW TO-PAT.
THE OWL
DRUG CO., (Slj
HIT D tTF Jft^rail
111 -HA 1 L \*~Hf
DRUGGISTS. JJI
1128 Market St.. San Francisco.
Courteous Treatment. '
Square Dealings.
I Strictly Pure Drugs.
j Fair Prices.
On this basis The Owl has built
up their enormous business.
Write for 100-page Catalogue, mailed
ftee.
TRADEWIMM PRICES:
8. a S. Swift's Specific, »l size . 65
is. S. a Swift's Spec *1 75 size $125
Pierces Favorite Prescription, SI size 65
PliiKhum 8 Compound, 91 size 65
Pal lie's Celery Compound, $1 site 60
Munyon's '25c Remedies 15
Munyon's Sue HemeJies " ' 30
1 Williams' Pink Pills, 60c size ;;; 35
, Pond's Kxtract, 50c size 351
' California Syrup Figs, 6l»c size 35
I Casioria, 35c size. ' 25
Lie Sanctsi' Kbeumatic Pills, 76c aize.."."'.'* 45
Hood's £arsaparl;ia, $1 size 65
I Ayer*s >-arsaparilia. $1 size ; 65
! Jo.'s SarsuiJHriiln, $1 size 55
Mrs. Allen's Female Restorer, $1 size. . "" e5
Mr- Allen's Syrian Wash, 50c size. 40
■ Jlellln's Fool, 75c size. ""* 55
Mailed Milk, $3 75 size 3 00
faestle's Milk food, 50c size .'...."..". 40
Hail's Ca'Hrrh Cure, 75c s'ze ••••• "*
! Wun, pole's Cod .Liver Oil, $1 size .'.*.'.'".' 75
' Ozomulslon, $1 size <# j^k
Scott's Emulsion, SI size """* 65
'Curier'sor .'.yer's Pills, 'Jsc size ..'."" 15
B«ech«m's or Braudretb's Pills, 25c size. " 15
Allcock's Poioua Piasters. 25c size 10
Cutlcura Resolvent, $1 s z- 70
Yale's . a: r Tonic, $1 sizi- 63
Canadian Club Whisky. $,'> size 100
Stanford's Vina Brandy, $1 50 5ize'.".'.....".". 100
Nig:ee Brandy, $2 size.. . : 125
Allen's Pure Mali Whtskv, $1 25 size.".'"" * 85
i Hermitage Whisky, $1 size .... 75
I Koyer <& Gallei Peau .1' t spagne, $1 25 "she." 85
Royer <& Uallet Iris Blanc. *1 25 size... . - 85
Rover <& Gal et Violet de Panne, $1 size ... 75
I Koy« r & Gallet Vera Violetie, $1 60 size. 1 00
I La Blacbe Face Powder, 60c size . 30
Fozzoni Face i owder. 50c size.. " . SO
Cherokee Hair Grower, ?1 size...!.!!!.!!!!!!! 76
AT
THE OWL
You find all the latest novelties
in Perfumery direct from Paris
and London.
Rover & Gal let's Vera- Rosa,
$1.25 bottle.
Ed Pinaud's latest perfumes.
Crown (London) New Crabapple
perfumes.
WRITE FOR 100P1GE PRICE LIST.
NEW 10-DAT-DRT GOOPB.
AUTUMN
NOVELTIES
Special Exhibition of High Nov-
elty Colored and Black French
Dress Goods.
NOVELTIES in Twine Cheviots
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Etamines
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Pireola Cloths
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Camels-Hair Boncles
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Sail Cloths
Black and Colored.
NOVELTIES in Fancy Covert Cloths.
NOVELTIES in Genuine Scotch Cheviots
In Mixtures and Checks.
NOVELTIES in Two-Toned Leather Cloth.
< SPECIAL ! ==a«
100 pieces FANCY FRENCH CHEVIOTS, In
solid colors only, 46 inches in width,
Price, 75c per Yard.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
GREAT
REMOVAL SALE!
Furniture Bargains !
TIME speeds along. The month of Sep-
tember is here. Only a short time left to
close out the balance of our stock. Not a
dollar's worth will go into oar new
building.
This will be the most attractive weetc of
the season. THE LAST VESTIGE OF
PROFITS WILL BE THROWN AWAY.
COME FACE TO FACE WITH OUR
BARGAINS and see the wonderful per-
suasive power of our prices. Bring this
adv. with you as a price list; it will aid
you greatly in buying.
Every article quoted below stands unpre-
cedented and unrivaled in the history of
bargain offerings.
SOLID OAK BOX-SEAT DINING- d>l 7K
CHAIR, with sty ash slat back. «pl.l
BEAUTIFUL WHITE ENAMELED d»£ KA
BED, brass trimmed $VttJV
RICHLY CARVED SIDEBOARD, with d»IA A A
a 28-16 plate IV. VV
MAHOGANY COBBLER-SEAT ROCK- .
ER, graceful design and highly (9 */\
polished $«••''
SOLID OAK BEDROOM SET ot 6
pieces, 20-24 glass, elaborately tf»|7 KA
carved «p 1 1 . w V
ELEGANT COMBINATION BOOK-
CASE AND WRITING DESK, with 4»1 9 KA
pattern French-plate mirror tpiu.»J\f
DAINTY WILLOW ROCKER. SaOV
Handsome quarter-sawed OAK LI- d»R AA
! BRARY TABLE, with 24x36 top. . . «pU.VV
Four-room outfit COMPLETE—
LOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM, 4^K Aft
KITCHEN V ' "•" v
CASH OB EASY PAYMENTS.
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.
224, 228, 230 and 306, 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 Post Street.
Telephone Grant 13. Open Evenings.
IR THE VERY BEST ««NE TO EXAMINE
your <-}••« and fit them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of u.y woric.
Office Hours— lV! to 4 p. m.
mfflffl DR. HALL'S REIXYIGORATOR
Kilr*^M THIS SECRET REMEDY stop*
KSS lE£ all losses in 24 hours. Restores
a Manhood,' Enlarge* Small Organs, I
urns BBOBBT RBICBDY stops
■11 losses in 24 hours. Restores ;
Manhood, Enlarge! Small Orgnns, !
HSfl ' BHE cures Emissions, Impotency, Varico- j
Pffn Rfl cele, UonorrUtea, Gleet. Fits, Stric- '
li'Jtf UU* tures, Blood Disease and all wasting ]
E?Si_l»K effects of -elf Abuse or Eice^es.
K.^tW^gl Sent sealed, $2 per bottle, TIIKKK
BOTTLES, $5-. guaranteed to cure any case.
DR. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Bjs Broadway, Oakland, Cat.
All private diseases quickly cured. Bend for
free book. , .
m RUPTURE, i
E^7fw,m n.pinrcd.Tou n»turall tope to obtain relief M
■■f from pain: lecurity from Strangulated Hernia and a pi
■B/Pfrmao'nteweir possible. P!eaaeinTe«Ug»te -Dr. m\
|BJ Pierce s Pat. MaineiicElisttc Truss, tod tou win*a
■BJ be surprised at what jou will learn. Th'lsTru.-' £3
Hf posHi«lj doathsvork and is worth $1,000 to any JlB
■f ruptured roan or woman. If tou want the BEST, fr<li
13 call or «end .1 ci«. in Mam pa tor free Pamphlet No. ] mM
m Itcontainj full information. Or The scientific ad fl@9 -
■ juitramt of "■"'"■' atotir office a«DeoialiT. Address Mm
M MAGNETIC PLASTIC TBVSaro!. N0. 704.N W MM
1 cor. S»cx»Bieat9 * fccirs/ 6t*i E»a J'riocitco, CH. fl
HAVE Bowls,
nAVti Pin Trays,
YOU Tea Bells,
AMY Sight Lamps,
**" 1 Banquet Lamps,
nri FT" s Sabers,
Hi I I Vases,
UIL Clocks,
ULUI ■ Plaqnes,
, N Tea Pots,
\/ni to Jardinieres,
YOUR (I Ash Receivers,
HOME! Candlesticks,
Flower Pots, etc.
We have just opened
our NEW LINE.
Nothing can be prettier
than a few pieces of
"DELFT"
To Decorate Your Home.
DON'T Small Pieces
FAIL 1C
TO SEE From HO
OUR lUU
DISPLAY. Upward.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
lli£?^^ ri s- pliro<ltoUo *°a «pocifio tomo toe tit
■eznalmad nrliuur orgns of both sexes, aad *
remedy for diseases of th« kidney* and W»A-
i£f;. A *re*. ReMorativ* lnvi or»ior»ad NerYtafc
monlafs^sSlry. MerU *~ nß *•*'"*** "*'
ss^m* 4l^ - %L - ' !i * ISKUNJV Agents.
323 Market St.. . S. caenq ior Circular)
Pennyroyal pills
ENNYROYAL PILLS
V <~^TtK Oii«laml Md Only S«nnliia. A
£it fSrv\ •»". alwajs reliable, ladies uk A\
Jfrjak Druwtit '<"• Chichtzter; *„«!..* DiaifVX
|r*»tt3'Wg<y\"i»n<l Brand In lied and Gold ic«ullio\\Sr
J& — OiWJbnxet, »«* l * l with bloc ribbon. Talc* \gr
IYI VVjno other. Refuse dangrrovs rubitU't- ™
I /' ffftitm and imitation: AtDrauiiu,«rMDd4&
I 2» -Jr in lUmpi for partlc»lir>. testltacal»U tnd
V V . D " Relief for Ladle*. " in Uttf, bj ret mm
-^___X'_ Mail. 10,000 T.«tloioni«li. frame Paper.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
PHARLKS H. PHILLIPS. aTTOKNKY-AT-
\J Law and Notary Public, 638 MarKet St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 16*20
Fell street. Telephone •• Pine " -S9l.IF SHE WOULD CATCH A HUSBAND IN SAN FRANCISCO
Wkat Ske Must Be
ar\d Do to Please J~linr\
Since time immemorial the standard of
feminine loveliness has ever been— and, for
tuat matter, still is— a moot question.
The ancient poet sang in wild discordant
notes of coral lips, low overhanging brow
and distended nostrils.
The sweet singers of Greece tuned their
lyres to tell of Ion? supple limbs, a figure
like that of a godless and perfection of
features.
The whole world then had but one ideal,
and it perpetuated her in song, in painting
and in sculpture.
Her influence was all permeating, and
so thoroughly was the time imoued with
her that it wns close to the end of the
seventeenth century before she ever began
to relax her hold.
The moderns, with the exception of the
painter and the sculptor, set up for wor
ship a bewildering array of idols. Milo's
Venus was relegated to obscurity and for
getfulness.
Tall ideals, short ideals, ideals with soft
rounded limbs and ideals whose paucity
of flesh scarcely concealed the angularity
of their bones were scattered broadcast.
The novelist then became the most pro
lific expounder of the ideal. He took
many liberties with the idol. He gave
her a mien severe anu then again a sunny,
dimpling smile. He added or subtracted
at will from the recognized classic length
of limb. He devoted mellifluous and
abundant phrase to the description ol her
eyes. He crowned her with a golden
mesh or an ebony coronet. With one ex
ception he took no liberties with her
classic features. Now and then he
chipped off the very tip of her inspiring
nose and coined the phrase retrousse to
explain his sin.
So long had the majority looked to the
romancer to explain his ideal that the
fin de siecle novelist, who indulges in no
descriptions and hints vaguely at soul in
fluence, left it with nary a leg to stand
on.
Then, to add to the perplexities of the
day, there is that ambiguous expression
unmistakably of woman's coinage — the
man's beauty.
This new idol is the most mystifying of
all. The woman explains her variously,
delightfully indefinitely, with ruoues and
shrugs that convey much but mean little.
With the men apparently lay the solu
tion, and being ever of an inquiring mind
I made my pilgrimage among the promi
nent men of the Ciiy, discovering little
that was new but eliciting mucd valuable
information.
I know for a certainty that man's
beauty is in many cases much the same as
womnn's accepted standard; that there
is a Darby for every Joan. . I have per
force lost all faith in the much-vaunted
affinity of opposites. I have had proof
positive that all men do not marry their
ideals; that some men have not forgotten
the trick of bJush-ng, and that ail deep
down in their hearts have set up an idal,
which to them represents the acme of the
truly noble and beautiful, and at her
shrine all bow with devotion and rever
ence.
James Phelan was the first victim of my
inquisition and a graceful victim he was.
Smiling and serene he met the ail impor
tani question and answered wiih firmness
and precision. I listened attentively while
he explained the goddess of his dream. His
exposition was of more value than be ever
could imagine. I snew he was the presi
dent of the Art Association and a man of
rare intelligence, a pas-ionate admirer of
the beautiful. Further, 1 knew he is con
sidered the greatest matrimonial prize nf
the .'•eason and that when he wins the girl
GREATER THAN
A HUMAN EYE
JKe Gamera's Visior\
Is Widened
Photographs Jaken by the Cylin
drograph Exhibited at
the Fair
The latest invention in field photography
is called the cylindrograph. This is an
improvement even upon the human eye,
and by its use a much wider range of al
most any given subject may be imprinted
on the negative than can be taken in by
the nafced eye.
Excellent specimens of this work may
be seen at the -outhwest corner of the
gallery in the Mechanics' Pavilion, where
there is an unoDtiusive group of photo
graphs, which is a sample of the photog
raphy done in connection with the field
work of the California State Mining Bu
reau during 1*95-96.
These pictures were, at the request of
the management committee of the Me
chanics' Fair, donated by Mr. Crawford,
the State Mineralogist, to the Mechanics'
Institute, and th-ey comprise excellent
specimens of the work of the field assist
ants of the California State Mining Bu
reau. These picture> illustrate chiefly the
topography and neology of the oil fields of
Southern California, and many of them
are remarkable for having been taken
v. ith the latest form of apparatus used in
field photography, the cyiindrograph.
This instrument has.a compass which is
even greater than the angle of vision, and
the pictures made with it give a more
comprehensive idea of the topography of
a locality than any picture which can be
made by other means. There are also
smaller pictures, which are well executed
and are very instructive, especially the
ones illustrating: the oil springs of Ventura
County.
The "last-mentioned photographs show:
First, an oil spnne; second, a stream of
maltha or heavy viscous petroleum — this
picture demonstrating how the oil from
the spring, after losing its most volatile
constituents by exposure to the air, crawls
down the mountainside in a stream of
niineral tar or maltha, as ii is technically
tailed; third, se-pa. es of petroleum from
n-^ures in hard sandstone roc
The most striking ol the cyjindrotypea
of his c oice the teieeraph will flash the
news to all tho four corners of the globe
and in a six-head will the newspapers an
nounce the engagement to an admiring
and curious public.
He parried my first question, "Lay
bare my soul," and then he found a re
porter, who, in quest of news, knows no
mere}', and deciaed that he could do no
better than quote what Bancroft said his
ideal of California's effigy should be:
"She should be large and supple- limbed;
low-browed, with a flood of golden hair
veiling her exquisitely molded form;
deep-blue eyes, whose dreamy languor a
merry recklessness sadly should disturb;
nose and chin Grecian; ripe, luxurious
lips; while expression, voice and attitude
should all betoken an indolent, romantic
nature, overflowing with high, exultant
spirits."
His quotations were interspersed with
telling asides. Mr. Bancroft's historical
statements have been questioned and
James .f helan reserved the right of differ
ing from his views.
"A flood of golden hair" came under
his displeasure. "Golden hair, no," and
there was the same repetition after "She
should be large * * * low-browed."
But one thing there is no mistaking, Mr.
Phelan's ideal is a California girl.
Major Rathbone was for a moment non
plused at what he considered the very
audacity of my question. Then a look of
fear came over the gallant Major's coun
tenance. "Tell my ideal?" he at last
found tongue to murmur. "I have too
many lady friends. Why, they would say,
'The old wretch! how dare he.' "
But he dared. To Major Rathbone all
I women are beautiful angels — minus the
: wings. And figuratively speaking, the
Major suggests the thought that his only
recret is that his good right arm is not
! long enough to encircle the entire feminine
population of the globe.
There io Southern biood in Allen St. J.
I Bowie's veins, and his tastes are those of
the South. First of all no woman is so
beautiful in Mr. Bowie's eyes as a South
ern woman. If he is fortunate enough to
realize his ideal, she will be a brunette,
tall and stately and Juno like. Her limbs
will be well rounded. Neither flashy nor
thin will she be, but of those proportions
the uninitated are wont to de cribe as just
right. Her eyes will be black as sloes, her
skin like cream. She must be fashionable,
• not necessarily fond of so. iety. Her voice
must, like Cordelia's, be soft and low and
her carriage queenly. She may have as
many fads as she likes so long as they do
not conflict. Above all she must be
musically inclined.
I have concluded that the happiest solu
tion to the question, "Why are you a
bachelor?" is susceptibility. I bave found
a living example, and there is no refuting
that.
Edward 8* eidon, who could be leaderof
ihe four hundred if he only said so,
trembled at my question. He is my liv
ing example. "1 have not one ideal. I
am too susceptible. And then at present
I am living in Sausalito, where there are
so many pretty girls. My head is all in a
whirl." Now, which is it? Happy Sau^a
lito or happy Mr. Sheldon?
A. H. Small prayed for time before he
answered the all-absorbing question. His
prayer was granted, and then, after
twenty-four hours for r> flection, Mr.
Small decided that I might just as well
ask him to paint a picture— an impossible
feat for him. Mr. Small acknowledged
himself swamped by the very immensity
of the problem.
I put the question to Mr. Bouvier dur
REMARKABLE CYLINDROGRAPHIC VIEW OF BITUMINOUS SLATES FORMATION ON SANTA PAULA CREEK, VENTURA COUNTY.
[From a photograph now on exhibition at the Mechanics' Institute Fair, taken by W. L. Walts,]
re two panoramic views, each of which
is formed by joining two cylindrograph |
picture*. One of these views shows the I
Santa Paula Canyon in Ventura County,
and the mountain ridge which has been
cut through by the Santa Paula Creek.
The other view, which is taken from a
point on the southwest slope of Mount
Cayetana, also in Ventura County, gives
an extensive view of the oil districts which
are situated ;o the north of the town 01
Santa Paula. It embraces several moun
tain ridges witli their valleys and foothills.
One of the cylindroeraph pictures shows
the Second-street Park oilfield in Los
An.eles City with its forest of derricks,
each of which indicates an oil well. This
picture gives a good idea of the way the
paraphernalia of the petroleum industry
are mixed up wiih the residences in the
part of Los Angeles which is shown.
Not the least instructive scene is one
which shows the way the tunnel- which
arc run for oil are ventilated by what is
known as a hydraulic air-compressor. This
view also shows the manner of illuminat
ing these tunnels by reflected sunlight.
These precautions are necessary on ac
couni of the inflammable eas which tills
these tunnela and which, in more than
one instance, has occasioned loss of life.
We are told that when the air-compressor
is not running some of these oil tunnels
become filled with the deadly gas in a few
hours, so that it would be impossible to
live in them for many minutes and that to
light a match therein would be certain
j death. These tunnels are run to cut through
the oil-yielding neks from which oil and
water flow and arr conducted by a gutter in
the floor of the tunnel to receiving tanks,
wherein the oil separates from the water
and is stored.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
Mr. Phelan's heart under the
X ray.
Major Rathbone's regret
that his arm is not big enough.
If shf would please Allen St.
J. Bowie she must be musically
inclined.
Edward Sheldon's heart.
ing business hours, in the very midst of
letters, stenographers, statements, royal
ties, etc., and for a mom- nt 1 confused
him — but only for a moment. Here is a
stenographic report of Mr. Bouvier's an
swer:
"I suppose every man has some sort of an
ideal, in business hours and out of them
I very much fear that my own personal
ideas are not in accord with prevailing
modern sentiments. The whole world
must agree on the qualities of mind and
heart and possibly the matter of facial
Ar\ American May JRule Qreat Britain.
Translated tor The Call from the PkU Figaro, most fascinating among the eligible Araer- When that gentleman died— eight years
The Americans, who are always fond of icans in Europe. aeo — the Prince, it is said, was his debtor
astonishing the old country, have just The Princess Victoria of Wales, second for £1000,000, which the children of the
made a discovery which fills them with daughter of the Pr nee and Princess of defunct claimed,
joy and pride. Wales, is still unmarried, though her Every one must recall the famous bac
They start out upon a tragic hypo- eldest and youngest sisters have both gone carai game, when it was asserted that the
thesis. to the matrimonial altar. A number of Wilsons had lent the Prince a million
"Suppose, " they say, "the Duke of York indications point to the fact that Princess pounds. Baron Hirsch, too., was said to
should meet with a premature death and Victoria's family are not entirely In differ- have won royal favor by lending about the
the Duchess of File and their chi.dren— ent to the del.cate attentions ihat W. W. same amount. As ill luck would have it,
who would be called upon to ascend the Astor has been show ing her of late. She Baron Hirsch died, his heirs claimed the
j throne of England? The Princess Vie- is a bright, buxom girl, with a good deal money, and it is supposed the Prince,
toria of Wales. But this event would of her mother's winning personality, menaced by compromising lawsuits, was
bring something else in its suite — a thoupn she has inherited too much of the only too liappy to rind a savior in W. W.
Prince consort; an American, William heavy Guelph features to be the beauty Astor, who was charmed to attach him-
Waldorf Astor." that her mother was. self to the future King of England by ties
Wliat! Is there an engagement between Among the proofs brought forward of of gratitude.
the Princess «nd the money king? Per- her coming engagement to W. W. Astor Afterward came visits from the Prince
baps; at least, there are rumors ol it. the most significant fact, they say, to Clivedon. . followed by visits of other
This is how they reason. is that th>' Princess Maud, since her mar- members of the royal family. Astor's in-
Ever since the death of bis wife, which riage, has been permitted to accept from vitations to Sandringham became more
happened about two years ago, William him a marvelous diamond. The royal frequent, and from this growing intimacy
Waldorf Astor has transferred his domi- family does not accept presents from has arisen the supposiiion that he baa
cile to England, where he has purchased every hand and refuses point blank if asked for the hand of the Princess, and
the fine castle of Clivedon. Recently he the giver is not on terms of intimacy, that he will not be refused,
gave, in honor of the Prince of Wales, a Then W. W. Astor must be an intimate The barrier of birth?
fairy fete, which was considered a step friend. This obstacle did not arrest the royal
toward achieving an avowed ambition of It is well known that the Prince of family when it wanted to accept among
his— that of being created a Daronet. Ii Wales only has a revenue of £500,000, a its members the Marquis of Lome or the
was also considered a step toward higher slender income when one compares it with Duke of Fife. It is by pure courtesy that
aspirations. that of certain other subjects of the Queen, John Campbell Esq. is called Marquis of
This higher ambition is a matiimoniai who possess incomes that reach the mil- Lome, and in all official document- the
one. A few months ago W. W. Astor was lion mark. It is not a secret that on sev- husband of Princess Louise is not de
supposed to be a pretendent for the hand eral occasions the Prince has had to make nominated otherwise than "John Camp
of Lady Randolph ChurchiU, widow of the loans, and that his largest creditor was bell, commonly called Marquis of Lome."
late Lord Randolph Churchill, who is the Sir James Mackenzie. The Duke of Fife owes his title to the
The picture that A. H. Small
could not paint.
Alfred Bonnier 1 * ideal — bru
nette or blonde.
Claude Terry Hamilton
blushed and cried "Which!"
To please Mr. Costignn she
must say a good word for suf
frage and be a Republican.
beauty is only a question of taste, but I do
not see in the modern fashionable woman
any exemplification of the ideal human
form divine or female loveliness, as you
pu» it. My idea of loveliness in the female,
form is softness, grace, in both movement
and lines and strength all combined. This
i 3 simply what nature intended and tiiis is
what you cannot see in the modern corset
ed figure which destroys nature's curves,
weakens muscles where they should
be strong and otherwise shatters the
ideal. This is all the more strange to me,
Mr. Dohrmann hesitates —
there are so many.
" Just mind enough to read
the paper and catch the boat.'*
—Lawyer Hcggerty.
Rabbi Voorsanger regards
it as an ethical question.
Dr. Bizet fixes hisidral upon
no outward form, but on the
spark that ani)nales the soul.
as poets, painters and sculptors from time
immemorial to the very present moment
are perpetuating the true ideally beautiful
ligure which I refer to, the figure that is
inseparable from a large waist; I mean, of
course, the proportionately large waist of
th« Venus of Milo. In both the sa.ons
this year in Paris there are many nudes
both in the paintings and the sculptures,
and the deal figure can be found in al.
the works of the greater painters, but no
girl with a waf-pi^h waist ever posed as
model for any of those subjects.
Artist Joullin worships at the
tnrinc of innocence.
Frank Worthing finds his
ideal in Maxine Elliott.
} Manager Frawley draws the
line at women who read detec
tive stories.
Henry Stetson wants her
mildly athletic.
Various Ideals of
Fenr\ir\ir\e LoVelirvess
"As to an opinion about blondes or
brunettes, that is too dangerous a ques
tion for a man who has many friends. 1 '
Claude Terry Hamilton shrieked a dis
cordant "Which?" to my simple little
question as to his ide:;lof feminine loveli
ness. And then he blushed and he stam
mered and he laughed and then blushed
again. I wonder, oh I wonder who she is,
Mr. Hamilton?
A. B. Costigan felt he needed time be
fore answering the all-important question.
He had an ideal, but bo prosaic a proceed
ing as picturing her in words had never
presented itself to Mr. Costigan. So he
went over to the quiet shades of Tiburon,
thought the matter over and here is a
copy of the description he mailed me:
"Her nair niusl be of a reddish hue, v.-ith
a disposition that is amiable at all times.
Not necessary be pretty, but with eyes
that speak at every glance. Musically in
clined and some thought given to society.
Fond of outtoor life and a, mind that is all
her own. Dwells very little on the subject |
of dress and occasionally speaks a good
word for woman suffrage, and if she were
a man, would be a rank Republican.
"Her general character should be inimi
table."
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association represents the concentrated
business ability of this City. His ideal,
on that account alone, is not one to be
sneezed at. When first questioned Mr.
Dohrmann pleaded his age as an excuse,
but after a little coaxing gracefully yielded
up his secret, and thus spoke ie: "My
father, who lived to the ripe old age of 83,
followed this motto through life, and I,
seeing the wisdom of his course, have
adopted it: 'All wine is good, but some is
better: all women are beautiful, but some
are handsomer.' "
His profession probably accounts for the
minuteness with which Cnarles Heggerty
entered into the description of his ideal,
one of those creations we feel sure inhabit
the skies, but disdain to visit this ter
restrial sphere.
This is ali that Lawyer Heggerty wants.
A brunette. Five feet six inches tall.
Her eyes are liquid brown. Her complex
ion clear and in her cheeks should glow
the clear bluish red, like the spark from a
live coal. Under no condition must her
nose be pointed sharply, nor retrousse. It
must be a nose Jik that which adorns the
features of Milo's Venus, and of course in
perfect keeping with the proportions of
her face. Her mouth must be small. The
lips bow shaped, not thin, not thick, and
the lower lip must protrud just the
veriest shadow of a bit. Her teeth must
be small, even and white. She should
run to fle^h rather than bones, and have
just mind enough to read a paper and to
enable her to catch the boat.
Iv her home polities! discussions must
|be tabooed. The learned barrister would
far ra her discuss with his idol her old
hat which she had spent the whole day in
"fixing over" than the solar or lunar
eclipse. Her figure must be trim, her
waist in healthful proportion. There
must be no padding, and, above all, she
dare not be pigeon-toed. She must carry
herself erect, and ncr body should 3wing
with an easy grace. Above all things she
must n t care for society. She must
grumble when she has to put on a street
dress, and it must be next to impossible
to induce her to go out.
Manager Frawley's ideal has no com
plexion. Neithei is she facially beauti
ful. She is a womanly woman, dainty
and petite — a woman that a man feels he
should like to tight for. She certainly has
a mind. But the less she reads editorials
Queen, who conferred it on him the day of
his marriage with Princess Louise Vic
toria, eldest daughter of the Prince and
Princess of Wales. The founder of the
family was Adam Duff, a Scotch peddler,
who lived at the beginning of the eight
eenth century.
Uncle Sam cannot get it into his head
that William Waldorf Astor, grandson of
John Jacob Astor, a German peddler,
should be any more incapable than the
Duke of Fife of cutting a good ti ure at
court with the title of Duke of Clivedon.
given by her gracious Majesty the day of
his marriage with her granddaughter.
When it comes to choosing between these
two descendants of peddlers Uncle Sam
naturally inclines toward hi 3 multi
millionaire nephew, who would, in his
eyes, add a considerable quantity of gild
ing to the Princess' escutcheon.
It is said that the English aristocracy
shares his ideas on this point. For ex
ample, the Duchess of Buccleuch, chief
lady in waiting to the Qiuen, who was
formerly very hostile to the invasion o:
Americans, has now accepted more than
one invitation to Clivedon; and there are
Couniess Cowper, the Marchioness of Lon
donderry and a number of other women of
the aristocracy, whose high influence has
contributed to Introduce the American
millionaire into intimacy with the Prince
of Wales, and who have enGed by regard
ing him as a possible pretendent to the
| hand of Princess Victoria.
The son of American democracy, on the
j steps of the British throne, seated one day
perhaps as Prince Consort beside the
Queen of Great Britain and Ireland, Em
press of India, etc. Nothing appears
more exciting to the Americans and noth
ing strikes them as being more natural.
the better is Mr. Frawley going to like
her. There is to be a lot of romance
mixed up in her composition. She will
enjoy a walk and w ar (poor benighted
m;«n in the days of numbers 5 and 6) a
3% or 4 shoe. She ia to enjoy exercise.
She is to be no Bociety lady. She is to
love horses and dogs and pretty gowns;
be musical; read the "Tale of Two Cities"
and "Night and Morning-," bat, oh, how
he should hate her to read detective
stories. The less she knows about house
hold duties the better. She is to De his
pal, his companion, and must not punch
baps.
Probably no man is more sought after in
social circles than Harry Stetson. He
shines especially as best man at swell
weddings. He nas had every opportunity
to meet the best the land affords, and con
sequently his ideal is of more than passing
interest.
It is a woman with olive skin and large
dark eyes that is especially attractive for
; Mr. Stetson. She is tall and slender and
carries herself well. She cares not for
politics. She is well versed in literature
and art. She is fond of society to a mod
erate extent. She is musically and gen
erally accomplished and athletic to a cer
tain extent.
Joullin, the artist, worships at the shrine
of Donatillo's famous statue, "La Femme
Inconnu." Looking at the cold marble
he feels she must have had a wonderful
mind. Physical beauty and mental at
tainments the artist contends are one and
inseparable.
In the flesh Joullin's ideal is the Eng
lish beauty. For him she more nearly
approaches the clastic. She has a fine fig
ure, a stately carriage.
It is many a day since there has been a
leading man in this City more beloved of
the matinee girl than Frank Worthing.
She hangs his picture in her blue or
white boudoir, and some, I am informed
on most reliable authority, burn inceuse
constantly before it. I do not know ex
actly what the actor thinks of newspaper
people, but I know my reportorial pres
ence succeeded in scaring him most to
death. His lips were blanched. The
veins stood out on his forehead like pieces
of whip-rord. My question evidently re
assured him. "Feminine loveliness alto
gether? Mental and physical? Maxine
Elliott. She represents my ideal, don't
you know? She is perfection, don't you
know? So beautiful, so simple, so un
affected, don't you know? So loyal; so
true; so unselfish." And in Worthing's
rather expressionless eyes there shone a
light that moved tue. So unselfish.
And she is going to marry Nat Good
• win. Ah, Worthing ' you juuge other peo
| pie by yourself.
Dr. Voorsanger at first declined to be
interviewed on what to him meant so ex
; haustive a subject. In ideal womanly
loveliness he saw a theme that required
deep thought and considerable time to
j formulate his opinion-. For him it was
an c hical question — one not to be lightly
dwelt upon. "Say for me," said the
learned gentleman, "that handsome is as
1 hand.-ome does. That is the best I can
say in a lew words on a subject I feel so
deeply."
Ideal loveliness has no physique, no out
ward form for Dr. L. Bazet. The
neauty of woman for him lies in the life
spark that animates her soul. It is the
intangible, the incomprehensible some
thing that spurs men on to nobler better
things. Tlie power that awakens his
j higher ambitions, the soul which makes
i him strive and cry, "I will be noble, I will
| be gr^at, I will be worthy of you."
AN ASTOR MAY BECOME A KING
jW William Waldorf
Might Rise
Diamond He Tendered princess
Victoria of Wales Was
Accepted
And then the idea is such a novelty. Up
till now American princesses and duch
esses have abounded, but an American
prince— Prince Astor, Duke of Clivedon—
would be an entirely new departure. Of
course he would have to be naturalized in
England, if be is not already naturalized.
But Astor is of American origin, and he
would remain American at heart and in in
terest, which would suffice for Uncle Sam.
People are talking already of the wed
ding tour, which would naturally be in
America. Prince Astor would not fail to
show his bride a house situated at Sault
Ste. Marie, on Lake Ontario— a house of
very singular construction its balconied
lii st floor overhanging the ground floor; a
I sort of fortress, with loopholes, which
i must have iven the Indians food for re
! flection more than once.
Tae man who built it was a poor Ger
| man emigrant who came to New York in
1783. He made it a headquarters lor trad
ing in furs with the Indians. In 1812
when the war between the United States
and England interfered with his business
he realized his little pile and found that
he had gained two million dollars. Then
he bought tracts of land near New York.
His name was John Jacob Astor.
The tracts of land to-day are traversed
Iby Fifth avenue and Broadway. Such is
the origin of the fortune of $230,000,000, of
which a part belongs to William Waldorf,
Prince Astor.
Alter visits to palaces, mansions and
villas, all owned by the Astors, it is just
possible that the Princess will ba curious
to make a last visit to see the cemetery of
Trinity Church, wh?re the first wife lies.
Two years ago her casket was covered with
3800 orchids at a dollar apiece, and until
it was consigned to the earth the florist
had orders to renew the fljwers every
day. Since then flowers have never been
wanting, and the florist's bill for the first
year was $30,500.
Will the Princess find fresh flowers oa
the tomb?
1516
THE STRANGEST SCHOOL DISTRICT IN AMERICA
A few weeks aeo a little, modest peti- J
tion, on paper as white as the wing of a
seabird or the wandering foam, drifted in
before the Board of School Directors. In
brief, its message was, "Send us a school
teacher for our little children, and v/e will
pay the salary and furnish board." The
pathos in this little petition could not be
understood without a knowledge of the
environments of tbe petitioners and of the
children lor whose welfare they are so
licitous.
Surrounded by the deep Pacific Ocean
lies the South Farallon Island, the larg
est of the Farallon group. Its shores
rise abruptly and form an eternal barrier
of stcne against the waves which thunder
against adamantine ramparts. Devoid
nearly of vegetation, and swept ceaselessly
by tne winds from north, south and west,
it is like a stern and frowning outpost
established for tbe safety of the white
winged and majestic ships that sweep by
it proudly in snnshina and creep timor
ously past when the fog, wraithlike, hovers
over or settles down and hides its buried
and threatening ro^ks under a mantle
more dreadful than night. Cut off from
the California mainland by a broad belt of
heaving sea, its nearest western neighbors
are the Hawaiian Islands, 800 leagues dio
tant. Here the tempests of winter wreak
their full force, and old Neptune, with the
trumpets of the storm winds, calls the bil
lows to the charge.
High upon a peak, 300 feet above the
level of tbe all-encircling ocean, is
s-uperiru posed a tall lighthouse, whose eye
of tire, like a cyclops, glares angrily
through the thickness and blackness of
night upon watery wastes that, looking to
the north, west and south, seem shoreless.
To the east and southeast, UDon a clear
night, other cyclops Jeer at the sea and at
the ships which sail or which trail long \
banners of smoke athwart the sky line, j
Jn the fog these kin monitors of like isola- I
tion are not seen by the dwellers on the !
South Farallon. No, tbe whole world !
-eems whelmed in a universe of impeue- I
HIS LUCKY FIND
The Man Who Discovered the Bald
Eagle Mine in Alaska
E. F. Schumacher, one of the discoverers
of the famous Bald Eaple mine on Sum
dum Bay, between Si;ka and Wrangel,
fifty miles from Dou.'las Island, is at the
Commercial. Mr. Schumacher and his
partners have sold this mine to N. A.
Trowbridge of this City for $60,000, and
Schumacher, after many years of pros
pecting, has settled down to the enjoy
ment of the neat fortune he now has at his
command.
The gentleman was one of the forty or !
more starving miners who were rescued by j
the tJnited States steamer Tlietis on the I
Lower Yukon a few years ago after they j
had made sundry explorations on the Yu- j
kon and its tributar e&, failing to find any
gold of consequence. The country was
then very new and it was not known
whether ;'.oid existed in large quantities i
or not.
Mr. Schumacher had previously Dros
pected in different Pacific Coast States
and Territories. He bad found some
small-paying prorerties, and sold them
each time for what he could get. The
money he usually expended in prospect
ing again. Altogether he has had many
strange and romantic episodes in his life.
He is a medium-sized gentleman, a type
of the free and independent prpspector,
who more resembles the fur hunter of the
old days than any other class of men we
now hare. He appears to be about 45
years old. For more than twenty years
most of hi* time has been given to going
over the hi Is wilt pack on bis back and
outfitted otherwise with pick, pan and
magnifying glass.
"I had at different times made a number
of stakes prior to finding the Bald Eagle,"
said Mr. Schumacher, "but they were
small. 1 would take what I made from
them and start out again usually, and try
mining again. Once or twice I started in
business, but I found I was ill-suited to it.
Tiie free ways I had contracted as a miner
illy fitted me to adopt the ways of the
average business man, and I soon got out
of business and went to prospecting once
more.
"When I got broke, as 1 not infrequently
did, I went to work in some mine for a
few months till 1 made a stake. Then I
struck out again, i risked everything I
had, and if I didn't find anything, why
then 1 had to begin over again. It was win
or lose every time. But this was better
and much more independent than sitting
uround in San Francisco and trying to beat
tbe stock market. I was quite happy all
tbe time I was Out, though I had some
very rough times.
"When tbe Thetis picked me up. for in
stance, along with a lot more hungry and
ragged miner?, after we had spent many
months on the Yukon, I had just s 9.
"After I had got pulled together a little,
and began to feel a little natural again, 1
went over to Douglrs island and began to
work in the big gold mine there at $2 a
day. I put in the winter, and then having
a little stake I started out once more to
try to find a mine of my owr.
"Three other miners, Reed, Robinson
and Clark, were ready to try luck with
me. So we al 1 set out. We were equipped
in the rougb way of prospectors in that
country, and getting over to the main
land elowly worked our way along the
coast and through the hills, digging
wherever we thought we might find a
ledge.
"In the course of several weeks we ar
rived at a curious place near the shores of
Sumdum Bay. There seemed to be a
ledge there. There was an outcropping
of dark yellowish looking; stuff. We dug
into it and threw aside some specimens,
but didn't think much about them, for
they didn't look very good.
"While we were thinking whether we
would stake out the claim or not, I looked
up and saw a lot of bald eagles sailing
around. I had seen them before, but had
paid no attention to them. Suddenly it
occurred to me I would call it the Bald
Ea^ie mine. It was a pood name, 1
thought. I mentioned it to my partners,
they agreed to it, and we put down a
single stake, with our names on it, to
gether with the name 'Bald Eagle,'
which we had decided on.
"A while after this we appeared in Sitka
with pieces of the ledge, which we had
brought to be assayed. When I took them
to the assayer be counted them all out,
and there were ten in all. None of us
bad been impressed with their appear
ance. The assayer said, as be chipped off
some little pieces for assay:
trable vapor, and while the sturdy men
who tend the light and keep the siren
going are busied at their lonely posts
their families, th'ir little children, be
leaguered by all the sea, sleep far away
from city joys and diversions and com
panionships. Through the darkness,
above the sound of the breaking waves,
booms the fog siren, answered by its
hoarse neighbor at Point Reyes, and its
blasts fall upon the ears of the beleaguered
listeners with the regularity of the tolling
of a bell that might be rung by implacable
fate, doling out life in periods.
There are eight rosy little children on
the South Farallon and two older ones.
They are there because their parents are
earning a living for themselves and their
families in the Government service main
taining the light and the siren. It was in
their behalf that their parents have asiced
for a teacher. Ten children are all the
pupiis there are in this strangest "school
district" in all the earth. They have one
room fitted up for school purposes in
which there are little desks, benches and
blackboards and a supply of schoolbooks,
a globe, which represents the round earth
of which they occupy so small a portion,
and that time-honored institution, the
teacher's desk. From the windows of the
schoolroom and nard by is the engine
house and siren-house, one furnishing the
voice which comes from the other, punc
tuating the wash of the waters and the
voices of the children and their teacher —
when they have one. Daring a certain
season of about three months' duration
hundreds of thousands of sea birds, in
great flights, circle about the schoolhouse,
with their discordant cries, and settle
upon the barren rocks, where they make
their nests.
As the children study their thoughts are
led to wander by the occasional sight of
a passing ocean steamer laden with many
passengers who seem to be free to come
and go, and the steamer and its freedom
stimulates tbeir imagination before and
after it sinks into oblivion below the far
" 'Well, I won't look at any of this, and
when you get your result you will know
that it is fair and uninfluenced in any
way.'
"Then he turned his head the other,
way while he chipped off a little piece Irom
each of the ten specimens.
"Well, from those he made hi* assay
and what do you suppose he got? Wiiy
it was enough to drive us wild, and he was
filled with excitement as to where the
rock came from and tbe extent of it.
"The assay made in this manner showed
$300 in gold to the ton, and $70 in silver.
You can depend on it we were not long in
gutting back there and surveying off the
claim. We had left it after driving but a
Bingie stake. Now we were going to put
down all four, describe its dimensions by
| a more elaborate notice, to be duly
printed, and also lay off such other claims
as we could on the ledge.
"We lost not a minute of time. It was
plain we had a good thing. When we got
back we did all this in the most expe
| ditious manner and then commenced
sinking on the ledge. Tbe property showed
up well. After a time, however, we got out
of money, an«l as we were a long way from
any phtce where we could get *uch are
smelted as we had we bonded the mine to
J. B. Haggin & Co. of this City for $50,000.
Their expert, M»\ Keller, ran a tunnel
that cost about $10,0u0, but he missed the
ledge by a little, an-i just then the Baring
failure occurred and orders came to close
down the work. They wouldn't take it.
"Then Trowbridge came along. He
wanted us to set a price on the mine. By
this time I didn't want to sell at all. I
had become convinced that we bad a big
thing and that by hook or crook we could
hold on to it. I pointed out that we could
borrow a few hundred dollars on it and
pet a little prospector' 3 stamp mill of a
couple of stamps. But my partners were
a little weak. They were afraid, and
thought we had better do the safe thing.
"So we raised the price up $10,000 more,
[ making it $60,000 altogether, this covering
the cost of the tunnel development, which
I considered an atiding just so much value
to the mine, and we sold the Bald Eagie
out and out. Mr. Trowbridge paid us $10,
-000 down. He put or. a couple of two
stamp mills soon afterward, and the whole
remaining $50,000 he got out of the mine.
He didn't have to put up another c.nt of
outside money.
'•The mine to-day, too, is worth $500,000.
There are a lot of black suloburets in it,
and these run as high as $1000 a ton. The
quartz is nearly clear white, with iron py
rites dotted, through it and plainly visible.
It is what is called live ore, and has to be
roasted or concentrated.
Who_Can_Tell Whether Victor or Vanquished Fought Harder ?
We have often discussed the Successes of
life. Let us talk a little of its failures.
These are fewer than most people think.
I doubt very much if any man's life is en
tirely a failure. Only the man who has
never tried is utterly a failure. It was the
novelist Dickens who said, "No one knows
whether it was the victor or the van
quished who fought the bravest battle."
If there is any truth at all in the theory
of the conservation of energy; jf there is
justice in th« universe, then it follows
naturally that every time we try in the
rigbt direction we gain something. We
are too prone to judges failure or success
by immediate results. In truth, can we
not go a step farther than Dickensand say,
"No one knows whether the victor or the
vanquished is tbe real winner." This is
paradoxical, but those who wish to will
see the point— that what appears to be
success iB sometimes failure, and vice
versa.
What, then, is success in lifef
It is a question tliat has been answered
times without number but that confront*
us still. Like tbe query, "What is truth ?"
it remains without a final answer for the
reason tbat every reply which is given is
necessarily determined by the standard
we choose to apply. As truth is, for any
individua', that measure of the truth
which he is able to grasp, so tnust^nuccess
mean to him dimply that kind of achieve
ment whose value he can best apurecia'e.
But there Is another factor too often
overlooked in determining what is suc
cess. If we consider only the immediate
* result of endeavor we shall fail to discern
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
horizon line where the sky and ocean
meet. As they bend over their tasks they
know that there will be no parades, pro
cessions, circuses, theaters, concerts or
crowd^ to divert them later in the day.
They occupy a world of their own, educa
tional and workaday, into which outsid
ers very seldom intrude. Weeks may pass
without adaily newspaper coming to them.
Tugboats visit them very seldom, if ever.
There are about four great days in the
year when excitement runs high among
the little schoolchildren.
THE STRANGE SCHOOL DISTRICT AND ALL THERE IS OF IT.
Once every quarter the United States
Government, through tbe lighthouse tend
ing-steamer, comes plowing its way
proudly to the island. Then there is a
holiday, for the children come in contact
with the wonders of that outer world in
a faint way, which is ordinarily only a
mysterious, but magnificent and huge
something, replete with the joys and ter
rors of real life, the visible outer boundary
of which is only a shore luie, piled with
breakers and whitened with foam. Then
DR. DE VECCHI'S GIFT TO THE ART INSTITUTE
Tbe little statue that has lately been placed in the napkins Insti
tute of Art, the gift of Dr. P. de Vecchl of this City, attracts greater
attention from visitors as the days go by. It U, in fact, one of the j
most attractive pieces of sculpture in San Francisco and the more one '
sees of it the more they want to see. It grows on one.
Acfireful «tuly of the little work of art wiil readily reveal the
cause of this, although it is necessary to search deeper for the groat
merit, from an artistic standpoint, of the statue; and after all this is
the m^st interesting.
The statue represents "Beatrice Cenci in Prison," and it is the
work of Lamberto Gorla, a young sculptor at present residing in Rome
and well advanced on the road to 6uccess. The work received a medal
at the last exhibition of the Italian sculptor.", and well did it deserve
it. To begin with, the statue is beautiful and the sentiment expressed
appeals to a!!. It is as simple a subject as it is Dossible to conceive
and yet there is a dignity about it that al once raises it above tha
ordinary.
In carrying on? thi" work the sculptor has not followed any par
ticular Mjhool, but hat rather made an effort to mingle the classic with
the changes it effects as time goes on. Yet
these are otten marvelous transforma
tions. Not only may they so amend or
alter conditions as to make them seem al
together different, but t «y may even turn
them into a contrary nature.
Some effects are like a seed pianted out
of sight. Before its vitality can be dis
played in growth it is doomed to pass
through stages of decay. But it will
sprout and grow. Finally it will flower
and bear fruit, becoming the very oppo
site of that introductory decay. By a sim
ilar transformation seeming may be
converted into gain.
The failure to take account of this fact
undoubtedly tends to discourage efforts
that do not promise some speedy return.
It takes a sturdy faith to plant for the
future. The farmer knows that nature is
with him when he buries his seed. He
knows that sun and rain have wrought
the mystery of growth for untold ages, so
waits with entire confidence for the final
resuit. But he feels no such assurance
that time will resurrect a buried iabor.
He discerns no law of growth in affairs.
When his efforts bring no visible result,
he therefore counts it simple failure, and
judg s the wisdoai of bis action accord
ingly.
The same partial view of success is
largely responsible for tbat decline of en
thusiasm which usually accornDanies the
passage from youth to maturity. Tastes
that seemed so easy to the boy drop from
the man's discouraged hand. He thought
that wrongs could be righted by a little
argument; that moral suasion could
the one donkey on the island, upon which
the children sometimes ride, comes to the
only real hard worn which falls to his lot.
There are coal and supplies to be landed,
food, oil and the other articles which are
included in what are collectively known
as "light ship rations," and the donkey
hauls a car over a small railway to the
engine-house. There are other articles
which are not supplied by the solicitude
of the 70,000,000 persons who collectively
are Uncie Sam. There are package* and
bundles and supplies which have been
purchased out of the stores, which seem
so great and wonderful to the little fel
lows, and these are admired and wondered
at and drive a day's lessons out of the
heads of the sea-beleapuered babies.
Some of the children were born on the
South Farallon and they have not over
one excursion to the mainland per annum
to remember. In fact, also, as they have
grown oider their visitors have grown
fewer. Formerly there wern many visit
ors to the South Farallon. The heads of
he mrdern ; and he has succeeded, as the work shows. There is all of
the e, es.-ai.ee of the oid master* about the work, and at the same lime
U is full o! the dash and precision of the artists of the present time.
Furthermore, the work is highly original, both in conception and
treatment. The lines of the figures are gooil, and the modeling of the
drapery is beyond criticism, one might say. Nor does the work end
with the drapery— there is & woman inside of it. The curves of the
graceful fleure are almost as apparent aa if they could be seen. The
drapery that fall" over them is carefully worked out, but not in the
least overdone. The musses are handled simp y, but at the same time
they indicate every plane and fold of the cloth.
But how shall the fuce on this beautiful work be described? It can
pot. There ii all the pathos, passion and resignation in it that is pos
sible to be shown with clay, and the r e is nlso an indicatiou of a senti
ment too Mibt'e to be anything but fleeting, it f«vins.
Every part of this art work has received its just amount of atten
tion. Nothing is shitkea, nor is there any striving to get a certain ef
fect in a certain part at tha sacrifice or another part. It is an even,
conscientious piece of work, from whatever standpoint contsiderad.
change the nature of society. It was so
easy to see where error lay. He would
show it to others and persuade them to do
what was right bj that «ll minhi become
better and happier. But in spite of plead-,
ing and argument the world seemed to
remain very much the same. Even those
who praised his ideas did not adopt them
in practice, but lived according to their
various natures as before.
How futile his effort appeared as he
looked back upon it! How wasted the
labor! So his heart grew ciiilled while
ths fervor of enthusiasm waned to dis
couragement, leaving him only the cold
"liLht of common day." Gradually his
mind became engrossed in selfish cares,
and in place of his old dream of purity and
nobility, he pursued the prizes offered by
the world. His thought dropped to lower
levels where motives to action could be
more easily maintained. Embittered,
perhaps, by his experience, he became a
clog to progress in place of the active
helper he had once been.
In a < ommercial era like our own, it is,
more than anything else, the getting of
wealth that constitutes success. Craving
for material satisfaction is so intense that
he who succeeds in gaining it. is consid
ered the victor. He bas won the most
coveted prize, and may enjoy a certain
Donor with the luxury that has fallen to
his lot. He may al^o exercise an undoubted
influence upon events, for human needs
and human desires are so largely material
in their nature that the wealth which con
trols supply \ b also able to direct the active
energies of men. Hero are palpable re
the four families there bad only a stated
amount of provisions and had no way to
immediately replenish their larders, and
so they could not entertain visitors.
Finally the intruders could not be consid
ered in any light other than a nuisance.
Their coming to the island was stopped
and the little schoolchildren knew that
they would be thrown more than ever be
fore on their own resources for diversion
and amusement
Tbe best way to point out the environ
ments of the schoolchildren of the South
Farallon may be to show what other
schoolchildren may have on the mainland.
Trips to Golden Gate Park or the country:
baseball g'mes and parties; the sights
and scenes of a great city, supplied with
cable and electric cars, museums, libra
ries, stores and ferry-boats, daily newspa
pers and crowds of children i« one and
every school, with theaters and the occa
sional circus. Of course there are none of
these on the South Farallon.
A word concerning the library whicn
stilts. There is no waiting for the ger
mination of thought, or that transforma
tion in character which wotild make a
paradise on earth. Money cannot buy
happiness, it is true, but di<i he not resign
that riream long ago? Poetry may have
turned to proae, but certainly he has won
success.
Nevertheless, there lingers even in the
multitude that holds to this belief a vision,
in the abstract, of less sordid ideals. The
artist, delighting in the forms of beauty be
has created ; the poet, with heart of fire,
brin_ing into the common world ideas
from a radiant thought realm that stir the
soul to nobler aspiration; the patriot, for
the ransom of a people gladly giving bis
life; the philanthropist, pouring all be has
and is into others' lives for their upbuild
ing—are these not admired? And even
tlHiiii.h this multitude be neither able nor
willing to imitate their example, do they
not acknowledge that theirs has been the
loftier success?
It is the iear of failure that curbs many
a heroic impulse; the dread of irrepara
ble ioss. Jf we could only Know that
noble lives would not be followed by de
feat it would be easier to step into paths
leading to high achievement. Labor and
difficulty could be borne, for energetic
natures find their keenest enjoyment in
the overcoming of obstacles But who is
billing to risk all for a problematical good ?
The truth seem 9to be, however, that no
effort is in vain. It may not accomplish
all that we hoped for, but the result must
be equal to the cause that produced it.
Nature measures out her effects with
the Government supplies them with may
be interesting. It is truly a circulating
library in the widest aenee possible. It
consists of perhaps forty books, every one
of which is redolent of the salt brine of the
ocean, and every one of which has been
read and reread at some lighthouse station
on the Pacific Coast. The library is shifted
once every quarter. The books which
have done duty three months are all gath
ered up when the lighthouse tender comes
and are packed up to be taken away. In
the place of these another library of about
equal size, wnich has done dutyat?ome
otoer station, is put ashore. These are
not alone books of travel; they are trav
elers themselves, traveled books» which
have been read by other children.
There are no fads to be cultivated— no
collections of buttons or election cards.
In fact, the periodical excitements which
enlist the attention of the children of com
munities on the mainland are Known only
by name and mention to these dawning
little American citizens, for there is no
polling-place for voters on the island, and
no way for the four men who make their
homes off there to vote. There are no
bicycle races, for the ground is rough and
rocky for the most part. The exterior
View of the isiand is as forbidding almost
as is Point Reves. There are rabbits to
cbase over the rocks and some chickens to
enlist care and attention, and who knows
how the imaginations of these children
grow?
For instance, when the school children
of San Francisco, who, odd as it may
seem, are under the care of the same
Board of School Directors, are looking for
ward to the Christmas holidays and Santa
Claus, as pictured and imagined in all the
stores with Jive reindeer and Christmas
trees and glittering tapers, etc., there is a
time when tne little islanders in this
strangest school district on earth may
have s;ranpe fancies. There are no Christ
mas trees on the island, of course. If they
believe in the Beautiful Santa Claus myth
then old Krisa Kingle must be remodeled
A GREAT RUNNER
Some of the Remarkable Performances
of Lawrence E. Myers
Continuing on the biography of L. E.
Myers, the champion runner of twelve
years ago, I will speak of the man per
sonally as a preface to this article. He
was called the "'Manhattan Skeleton" —
a man of singularly Bpare build, being 5
feet 7 inches in height and weighing
108 pounds in training. He was slender
without being bony; good looking with
out being handsome. Jdis stride in 100
yards was nearly eight feet, and whan
running 600 yards his style was the most
graceful 1 have ever seen.
Last week I omitted quite an important
occurrence ii: Myers' career, namely:
Running seventy-five yards in 7% seconds,
on January 31, 1881. This record was for
many years associated with half a dozen
others as the best in America, though it is
now excelled by Cary's 7 3-5, but is valua- '
ble chiefly in displaying the wonderful all
round ability of the man.
On Myers' return from England he met
the California athletic delegation — Haley,
Belcher, Hawes and Stme. In a discussion
Myers and Hawes made a match to run
220 yards. Myers to give his opponent
twenty yards. Although the match was a
private one I managed to be present, on
September 15, 1881. The Californian won,
but not before Myers had passed 200 yards
in K% then set-ins that he could not catch
Hawes lie slowed a trifle and passed the
220 in 22^. Both remained record time
for some years. The course began on a
curve for about 100 yards and finished on
a straight. Later Myers told me that
Haley timed him (Myers) for one lap, 220
yards, on the old Manhattan track, a trial
alone, in 22J£ seconds, and as I trained
with him a season on said track, and know
how he could tear around those sharp
curvs?, I believe him.
Before the fleet-footed Yankee left for
England a wealthy patron oi athletics and
admirer of Myers offered him a medal of
extraordinary value and beauty If he
would return unbeaten. When Mr. Sacks
heard of the succession of victories
achieved he rashly ordered a $500 tro; by
to be made — a marvelous creation. The
center was a Bhield — one-half United
States and one-half British, of gold enamel
and diamonds, surmounted by the flags of
the two countries of similar material.
Below this the records achieved by the
great runner were represented on gold
coins of different sizes strung on a chain
the arc of a circle, the 440 yard in the
center.
When Mr. Sacks received the unwel
come news that his favorite had been de
:eated in the 100-yard he realized that he
had" on his hands a trophy th^t could not
be presented for the purpose for which it
was contributed. On Myers' return h«
rigid justice. So much cause, so much of
consequence, whether good or evil. If we
can be content with simple equity we may
rely upon her law, but her processes are
slow and harvest time cannot be hurried.
History furnishes abundant evidence to
this fact. Ho does practical life tuat lakes
account of a multitude of unrecorded acts
not less heroic, because the self-sacrifice
involved in them is never to be known.
These are not lost, even though the indi
viduals for whom sacrifice was made re
main ungrateful, for their silent influence
inspires ana encourages others to less self
ish living. And the great heroes, the
moral giants of humanity, are deathless
witnesses to the triumph of lofty endeavor.
Scan the long line of martyred saviors.
Rejected by the world, scorned by the rab
ble, ignored by orouu fools in haughty
places. The fngot and the rack were
theirs, too, and their lives went out in dis
honor. But they did not fail. Higher
than all others are ttieir names written on
the record of human successes. Their
ideas have become accepted creeds. Their
judgments guide the aspirations of a
world.
Did the Christ fail in his mission?
Surely no greater failure is recorded, if we
judge by events to the time of his crucitix
ion. But the seed that he planted in
human hearts grew into a mighty tree.
Fiona a handful of despised people his fol
lowers became nations, his croas became
an emblem of power, and the crucified
man of Calvary, who seemed to have lost
all, drew uato him a worshiping world.
Mebcib 3d. Tjjibds,
for them. How could Santa Claus reach
them ? Reacn them he does.
Does he sail across at early dawn, after
he has "flUed ud the stockings" and de
posited the gifts of love in city houses,
taking passage in a magic shallop and slid'
ing away as silently as he came on a keel
that leaves no wake? Christmas is apt to
be a stormy time at the Soutn Farallon
and landing is difficult, for "stormy breezes
blow." Santa Claus may therefore seem
to the little islanders to be rather Nep.
tune, or at least tbe prince of all sailors,
unafraid of storms and afraid only that
some of his little children may think
themselves foreotten at Christmas. The
parents arrange this and they are supposed
to be the most adept hiders of packages in
places where children can never find them
of any of all of Santa Claus' friends ana
faithful subjects on all the North American
continent.
A teacher is wanted in this queer.school
district. There have been several off
there. The last two were young ladies
who tauaht awhile and then sought once
more the more numerous attractions of
the shore. A gentleman taught there for
awhile and he found his little charges at-
tentive, bright and easily interested. Here
is a chance for any one who can appre
ciate the ever abiding majesty of the
ocean and who covets a quiet place in
which to read and reflect.
Goat Island, which has a juvenile popula
tion of school age, is unique in this, that
its school children daily sail back ana
forth in a launch to school. But Goat
Island is not a school district and the posi
tion of the South Farallon as the
strangest school district on earth caqnot
well be assailed. The South Farallon is
occupied by William A. Beeman, princi
pal keeper, and Cyrus J. Kane, Kichard H.
Williams and Lewis Englebrecht, assist
ants, and tbeir families. AU th^se, with
the exception of Mr. Englebrecht, have
lived on the South Farallon several
years. There are 250 applications for posi
tions under the Government at that point
decided to give it to him for a special per
formance at a joint meeting of the JN'ew
York and Manhattan Athletic clubs. A
scratch 300-yard run was made, Myers and
Belcher of California being the principal
entries. It iB scaroely necessary to say
that the race was a foregone conclusion.
The champion of England and America
made the pace a terrific one, and having
things all his own way came down tho
finish a winner by many yards in record
time — 31J4 seconds. He then became pos
sessor of the finest medal, probably, that
was ever won by a runner. For my
part, I have never seen its equal any
where.
Tbe following week, September 24, 1881,
was the occasion of the annual champion
ship meeting, and Myers has seldom
shoved off to better advantage than on
that day. He beean the afternoon's work
by winning the 100-yard race. As he
reached a point#bout five yards, possibly
ten yards from the tape, he threw up his
hands and turned his head. In this
position he crossed the tape in. the re
markaDiy fast time — under the circum-
stances — of 10}^ seconds. After winning
the 220-yard in comparatively slow time,
he went out for the quarter-mile. As
might be supposed, he won this by a broad
margin, but the time was notable, 49 2-5,
for it was the fastest time ever made at
the annual championship meeting, and
remains so until this day.
On October 8 the American Athletic
Club, of which I later became a member,
gave a set of games. The meeting was
memorable for two things: The first im
portant win of Wendell Baker, who cap
tured the 100-yard handicap fom the
5-yard mark, I think, in 10 seconds,
but particularly for Myers' appearance in
the 1000-yard run. This was a scratch
race. The medal was a particularly mag
nificent affair; the second medal was as
handsome as the trophies given the win
ners of the other events.
At the crack of the pistol Myers started
off at a long, swinging striae, the others
falling a little behind. It is to be re
gretted that the time was not taken for
each 100 yards of the journey, as it would
be interesting indeed to study tbe details.
I wish I had time to describe the race that
was going on behind Myers between Smith
and Jeshurnn, but will have to reserve the
incident for another time.
At about 600 yards tbe leader was joined
by L. A. Stuart, on* of the fastest short
distance runners of the period, who
coached the champion to the finish in a
remarkably intelligent and successful
manner. The half mile, or 880 yards, was
passed in 1 :55 3-5, the best amateur record
in the world at tbat time, the old record
being l:s6>g. When it is remembered
tbat he had 120 yards more to go it will
readily be seen that Kilpatriek's present
time of 1:53 2-5 is not so very much in
advance, if it is at all, under the circum
stances.
Continuing on the wonderfm runner made
every exertion, and weary but determined
passed the tane in 2:13, which record
stands to this day. No other man has
been able to come within 2 4-5 seconds of
it, an equivalent of about twenty yards—
not less. Cumraings, George and Hill
have essayed to accomplish it, but in
vain.
Taking a week's rest, Myers went to
Philadelphia and started against tha
quarter mile record, which in this country
remained 49 1-5. As the season was get
ting a little late and the day windy, and
moreover he did not have the incentive ol
an international contest to spur l im on,
he could only make 49%. However, it was
very fast time, and still remains the top
of the heap in this country as a record
around a curved path. It wil' be remem
bered that, the best on record by Wendell
Baker (47%) was made on a straightaway.
Myers' English record of 48 3-5 stood at
the head of the records until ISB9, and
then it was only beaten the merest frac
tion of a second, or the difference between
48^ and 48 3-5.
In the 440-yard run just referred to
Myers established a 350-yard record that
has never been beaten, namely, 36 4 5 sec
onds. It will thus be seen that he trav
eled the last ninety yards in 11 4-5 seconds.
One week later tne great runner, dissatis
fied with his quarter-mile time, essayed to
lower it on the same a rounds as tbe 1000
yards, the old polo grounds in New Yo«-k,
There was a lacrosse match in progress
and Myers came out between the games.
C.EOKGE D. B.URD.A DARING BRIDLE TOUR
Tke j\dvter\tures of TWo Qirls /\n\or\g
tke Jtartkem JMir\ir\g Gamps
"A whole week!" siehed Anna.
"Worse!" I snapped. "Nine days —
and such a bole!"
"We might go fishing and things with
the kidiets, 1 ' Anna ventured with her 1
head on one side, r ady for a sharp an- i
swer. Anna knew my temper was some- ;
what sawtoothed after 3 o'clock.
"Haven't we fished and done all the j
things ihere are to do, dozens and dozens ;
of times, all summer? I'm tired of the I
children. I want to get out of this hole; '
to climb up and peep over the edge and i
breathe. I'm smothen-d."
"E— ow." yawned Anna, the matter-of- j
fact. "Go to bed and dream we borrowed !
Jule's horses to go on a tower." And the !
blackness of the cabin door swallowed
her.
I sat in the moonlight, gazing through
the veil of discontent at tbe "hole." It
rea'.iy was a hole, a deep basin in the
Coast Range, a place of rare beauty in all
seasons. 1 had seen it buried deep in
snow, lying in dignified silence, and it
was beautiful. I had seen it budding in
epring time, every gorge a thundering
waterfall, the oaks waving pinky tufts,
yei.ow violets dotting the spongy hill
sides, the sickly sweet of the wnite lilac
in every breeze, an<i it was beautiful.
I saw it now, beautiiul in the cool night
following a hot day, the forests on the hem
ming hills a dusky, melodious mass, as
the wind-spirits played on Hie pines, the
white tops of the highest peaks sparkling
in answer to the stars, the river ecoldinc in
its black depths at the bowlders in us bed
and iar off a ribbon of silver as the moon
ebone on the stream from the giant where
the nieht shift were at work tearing down
the hillside for a lew golden grams.
I was tbe teacher. Anna was tbe super
intendent's sister. She had been a tower
of strength to me during the last three
months and her presence made bearable
the thought of the three to come. But
this midterm vacation of a week, what
were we to do with it? Nine ong, hot
days, with the glorious Fourth in the
middle.
Jule was an Indian woman who bad
married a white man. The man was dead,
but Jule was very much alive, as were
her seven mixed children, four of whom
were my pupils. 1 was airaid of Jule.
She had a temper which broke easily into
cur»es and butcher-knives. Sne had also
seve-ai horses and saddles, which for so
much money she would hire to the horse
and-saddleless.
Anna's words of the ni-ht before
haunted me tbe next day, and finally I
broke out with, "Why can't we co on a
riding tour among the camps in these
mountains?'
••On stick horses?" laugbed Anna; "we
can't afford any other kind."
"Ju;e?" I insinuated.
Anna turned to face me with four hair
pins in ber month.
"If you'd a>k," I faltered, "she likes
Jou — maybe she lend v? two, and — "
Anna jabbed the last pin and crushed
me at tbe same instant. "Ask a police
man! You'll wait awhile before I venture
ins de that Indian den. Ask her yourself
if you are so brave."
After awhile, "Will you go with me,
Anna?"
"Go whereT Oh, yes, to Jule's. Ye-es,
111 fo, but you won't dare."
1 did dare. I marched down that trail,
found jule barefooted, weeding her beans,
and, disreuerdu.g all Anna's adviie about
praising ber garden and her children, l
plunged bead first into business and asked
Jule to lend us horses and saddles.
And Jule said yes without a curse, and
offered to send teem np, ready saddled,
by 5 o'clock Monday morning. Maybe I
crowed a little on tbe way home. Anna
took it humbly enough, evidently im
pressed by my diplomacy, though she
called it cheek.
Now we must decide where to go, and
together we planned a journey oi 100
miles in an irregular ellipse, taking in
three mountain towns. Most of the trail
would be new to us, but we had no idea of
getting frightened or lost. The men were
thocked and astonished, and in our scorn
and independence we would not ask about
landmarks or forks in the trail, meaning
to trust to woman's wit and the Provi
dence that cares for thefoohsh. By happy
chance vre found from a passing miner
that the first day's ride would be in sight
of the river until we came to Black Bear
Creek. Ot course wecouJ'in't lose the way.
Basely deserting the old man, who longed
to tell us all about bis latest patent medi
cine, we ran to the cabin to pack onr Sara
togas. Mine was a liltle yel.'ow grip, limp
and travel-stained, and Anna's was a
floursack. We put in them fust what we
bad to have and an extra calico dress.
We went to bed before dart and Btayed
aweke ail night after the manner of those
who wi>h to start early. It made me
think of Josiah Allen's Wife and their
Pleasure Exenion. I will not say whether
we rose at 3 or at 4, but at 6we were
ready, and so wa« Jule't< boy with the
horses. The saddles were not side-sadtiies.
We bad diviaed our riding skirts, snewinp
that the menly way was, in thia case, the
common -sense way.
We tie-1 our baggage behind, hung a
bag of lunch from the horn ol my saddle,
mounted, looked at each other and
laughed. It was a regular cquaw outfit.
Anna's brunette face and the wreath of
red poppies on lier cartwheel hat fitted
right into the j ic.ure, but my blonde hair
was incongruous and altogether Dutchy.
My horse was Billy, and Anna ro e
Bessie. Both were common Indian poniea.
shaggy, stubborn, Jazy, droopbpadeJ
beasts without morals, and nnderManding
nothing but a stout whip. Bessie shse'i
someiimeE, and Biliv wat affl cied with
absence of mind. He would stop sud
denly :ind be^in to browse on ti.e bushes
by tbe roadside.
Tbirty-six miieewe had to go that day. \
most of them b-ing stood on end. Op
and down we j g-:e<l. to.iiiig up one moun
tain seemiig y for the j>l a ur' of jromg I
dnwis the otner sine and up another one. j
Scenery! N>end oil! Grand mountains !
that wire only ruass< s of ro k; others'
coverid side »nd sumn.it with pine?*;
others ith a crown of giitt< rng v\h te. '
The river, our guide, was a wa>s wi hin j
sijib; or sound. Now it would be right ,
besi'ic us tailing us all sorts of things in j
i'.s queri; ous si.mmer voice; now it was!
de* j/, dftp down in the canyon below, a
men iine of rt-nVc>e<l Ii bt The still air
ny tin'.ain's f t was Letivy with h- |
6(ent oi sr.in :•» aid *tatHv Boa ta:n
lilies; at tLe tumai i the bieeze wa a mill
of the balsam of pine and fir and bitter
juniner.
We knew that nearly every gulch bad
hidden in it the caoin of a lone miner. ;
These hermit men, relics of a past, live '
year after year in a solitude broken omy
by quarterly tramps :o the nearrst store.
I confes- to a liking lor them, a wondering,
respecting pitv for men woo are sufficient ',
unto themselves.
When we haa stopped to rest on a moan-
I tain top and tied the horses, we climbed
part war up a hu-e tower of rock. Anna I
stood leaning on a fragment and sane, "I '
Will Lift up Mine Eyes Unto the Hills ,
From Whence Cometh My Hep." I was i
! looking down from a higher point, and I j
•aw in the trail an oid man with white
beard and white hair on his shoulders. He
was listening, his eyes fixrd on the sinner.
' I mnved, and he raised hi* hand witu a
i gesture commanding silence. When the
i psalm ended he turned from the trail and
[ disappeared. I wondered what he thought
01 the vision on the unused trail, and I
was glad he beard Anna sing. He will ;
j never hear anything sweeter till he goes I
I where the angels be.
When we came to Black Bear Creek we
! recognized it from the description. "It
looks like coffee with a little ruilk in it."
At 4 o'clock we ras-ed the mountain home
of John Da gett. "Onlv eight miles now,"
I cheered Anna, "and some o them level
! enough to We did gallop reck-
I lessly over the l<-vel, and lost the irail.
; The next mounta.n was covered with ]
| thick brush. Unable to find the traii we i
fought our wav up. Billy kept looking
i around so reproachfully as tu.ts of hair
were torn irom bis sides, and I was so
tired I had to wink hard to keep back tbe
tears.
What happened from the top of that
hiil until we rode into Sawyers Bar is a
blank to me. Anna says we met a man on
a mule and I caimly ;ook my naif of tbe
trail in the middle, almost pushing him
I down the hill. It may be so.
We rested all the day of the Fourth and
saw the town and the people. Sawvers
Bar is a primitive place and unique. Until
the last few years it had no waeon com
munication with the outside world, de
pending on males in summer ami snow
shoes in winter. The elderly Sawyers
I Barbarian does not desre to be a wanderer
I on the lace of tbe earth. There are two
I places, the Bar and "Outside." and decid
j eily to be preferred is the Bar. He is con
servative, too, preferring to have his
daugnter marry one o: the 300 natives
rather than tt foreigner. I tried to unravel
tbe relationship between some of the
j much intermarried families, bat my mathe
matics gave out.
Sawyers Bar is not a bole. It is a crack
amonx mountains. Tbe river flows along
the bottom of the crack, and tne town is
bung on the hillside. Th? bouses are so
buiu into the hill that the clotheslines
back of them are higner than the roofs.
Tne one street is so narrow tbe teams
which come in have to drive through the
town and turn on the outskirts.
On the morning of the 5ta we started on
' tbe second stage of our journey. From
Sawyers Bar to Etna in only 'wentr-h've
miles on a new wagon-road. Tbe last of
the snow had been cleared off only the
week before. At 7 we stopped for break
fast at the Mountain House, a halfway
place of refreshment for man and beast.
The California Sheepherder.
, Anna wondered which bead we came
j under. During the meal five white rat* !
j ran sociably over the table. 1 Lere is
nothing ftppMfsinc about white rats.
We reached E na l^fore noon and re«ted.
Etraisa commonplace little town of 600
people, the center or a farming divrict
and at the outlet of the mines.
On ti e 6th we rose with determination j
written on our brow. There were forty- J
Dine miifs— trail miles— between u« and I
onr little cubin, yei we deckled not to*
sle p until we were there We started
wniie the morninsr *:ar was still Bbininp
and walloped all tbe first twelve mileß on
a leve:. Then came th* mountains a.am
and up, up we loiied p M8 t Callahan tbe
be;n:t.fui, a hamle- set Ujon a i ill and
wnsch cannot be hi.! -up. ad still up.
T.-a.l-r.ding is #>asy if one has no nerves*, j
Dr>i> your bridle over the horn, mi j
me dy, don't s :de over the horde's bead '
goin down hfll or ov<r his tail go ng up,
and don't g. t dizzy when y.. u v«tcb a
mi i.c dislodged by vi feet go bouncing '
ai.il r ouncin until it strike* the river and
send.« up a sb;n. muring f.-uniain— that's,
h.j. You will not tnd Mub a riiie mi not
orious. Now, f: r .own, you see some
ep<-. k mivin at out on th.- bant I ihc
r:.er. Chinese riV«T»nining. Now you
hear a heavy, beating sound and a turn in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
the trail shows a woodcutter beating a
wedge into a log. The fresh-cut wood i a
a delicious smell and the piles of .t seem
immense to one used to buying woo! by
tbe sackful.
When man and bis labor in left ben nd
there is nature ami her work before you.
P rhaps yon never noticed before that tne
! pines waves their reen plume* wiih only
I a stately majesty, while the cedars beckon
; and fluttv in coquetry; an 1 mat the fin
; show gray against the green as they sw«y.
\ You note how lightning can blast one side
of a tree and leave the other sid> green;
: and where the forest fires have swept, how
1 tbe black stunu.s s;and like tombstones in
j a forest graveyard. Y»n catch new tones
| in the wind mu*ic <>f tbe pines, not all
mournful, but of exuitation and praise.
You hear in tbe flutter of poplar and c«t
-! ton wood the common chat and gossip of
! the orest and catcu the laughter in tbe
| sha low rili.
We overtook the pack train, thirty little
-nules with tbe Queer wooden saddles
piled high with bales of merchandise. The
bellmare walked ahead with the bellboy
on her back, ibe mules followed in *incle
ti:e and the two pa<k<rs brought up the
rear, s outing now and then to urge on
the plodding animals. One packer was a
Georg>a negro of the mos: intense black.
The other wa» a mountain Adonis, fair
and straight. The language be addressed
to the males was eloquently profane.
skirting along tne hill above them we , ot
ahead and soon the trip, trip, was lost in
the rush of the creek.
We rested long on the summit. In tbe
clear air of a hot day we could see so far
the eye feit strained. I pointed out Shasta
and Muirs Peak in California and Mount
Pitt and Pilot Rock in Oregon. Anna
could locate the nearest valeys by the
contour of the mountains. Tbeimrrensity
of the picture oppressed js after awhile
and we were glad to look down the trail.
THOSE ENORMOUS COAL BILLS
Under the caption "Ouiser« That Can
not Cruise," The Call recently published
a Washington dispatch in which attention i
was directed to the fact that the Bancroft !
and Cincinnati did not bave sufficient
coal capacity to take them across the
Atlantic.
As regard* the Bancroft, that vessel was
never intended for long-distanc» cruisinr,
notwithstanding a coal endurance of 5462!
miles at eicht knots was claimei for her i
by the designer. She wae intended !or a j
practice vessel for naval cadets, and her i
range of cruising is limited 'o tbe West j
Indies and up and down tbe American
coast within easy reach of a coai pile.
With the Cincinnati, and her sister ship. •
Raleigh, tbe case is sumevnat more disap
pointing, for these two ve-*els of 3213 tons
were intended for cru.sing and cbase,
when necessary, such vessels as they could
cope with.
Tbe inability of our new navy vessels to
keep the sea for long periods without
exbanstin* their coal suj>piy ~as discov
ered shortly after the first vesels were
commissioned, and hai been known to j
the Navy Department .'or at least six
years. In tbe official descriptions of the j
new ships which appeared between 1887 j
and 1891, the lar c coal currying capacity, <
the small consumption and the consequent
extended radius, w^re the special features i
which distinguished our Vessels as com- '
pared with similar types oi otner coun
tries. The Coluinbii, Minneapolis and
New York were especially ponted out as
remarsable in the point of coal endur
ance, but actual practice has shown these !
claims to be little better than puess work, j
It should be said, however, in justice to '
the present chiefs of the Bureau of Con- |
struction and Repair and of Steam En- I
gineer.n-- that neither of them made I
tbe c wild cla ms.
In tbe subjoined tab'.e a list of some of '
the new vessels is given, showing the cal- I
culated coal b'inker capacity in tons and '
tbe actual c-pacity, as derived from
official reports.
CoaJ I
upply.
Smn.
Calcu kled.
Acual.
l olumbta
New York
Jlympla
tan r'runclsco.....
harleaion
31t cinn»li '.....'.
Detroit
:tfiinm^U)D ..'
bUn-rufl .'.....■
■Kt'n* „...
Jn-Ron I
LlroOKlyn
v.ooo
1,5 0
1,383
860
BUO
666
435
393
200
350
I.BUO
l,!»OO
1,670
I.i9:i
1.170
6.8
768
460
340
347
M
-S3
1.(94
1,763
Only one vesse., the Bancroft, carries >
apparently more coal tban designed. Tbe I
O ympie was lengthened 10 feet and yet '
fats 212 tons short in ber tupply, while {
the Castiiie and sist r ship, Marinas, were I
lengthened 14 feet, whirl) accounts lor
their excess of coal bunker capacity.
The Vision on the Unused Trail.
I'd rather ro up two hills tban down one
It is so jerky and one's neck feels dislo
cated and the horse slides about and
grunts so distressfully.
By 3 o'clock my shoulders ached, my
knees felt stretched, and I knew we were
lost. Anna utxed in sympathy if I ached
much, and I answered, with a tame effort
to be funny, that Wells-Fargo couldn't
exprt-ss my siff-Ting.
Anna lost her backbone and wailed. 1
lost my temper and snapped, "Oh, hush
v..!*
I looked all around. Joyful vision! A
cami fire and a man I Never since have I
t-een so glad to see a man. Such a com
fortable man, too; b* expre~«r<d no sur
prise, asked no qne tions. We were on
tbe road bom<*, but h*td g<ine off on a little
cow trail. At yonder lone j>iue we wou.d
find ihe right >i)e, and in an hour we
wou'd be home. 6 .ould he wa:k ahead to
guide us? Never! That would be gnoniiny
inoeed.
But we soon confessed our inability to
find our way in the shadow, and I started
back for our Moses. Billy wouldn't go
back. He was tired of ail this philandering.'.
G yin;: his heiid a toss be started off, ap
parently over the edge of a ciiff, with such
an air that 1 gave in. I shut my tiled eyes
and for an hour Bi.ly plodded ou. When
I looked again we were hcnie. Fired by
A CHILLY MORNING ON THE RANGE.
The following table, likewise derived j
from official reports, chows the coal en
durance—that is, the number of miles
which the vessels were intended to run j
on the mil-bunker capacity— and what i
their actual endurance is at the speeds
designated:
I
C»!cii!a-ort. AcuiU.
tana.
«<l. M leu jx? d.l >iiles.
"oumili 10" i"6 243 i 2.2
ew yoik 100 1.5.0u0 10.2
8r00*:yn...... 10 0 ■ 15,000 0 0.
■>»)■ Francisco 10.0 8,3.<3 .00
Cb»rle*ton I 100 7 476 10 0
Mriciniiati 10 0 8.652 10
De roil 10.0 8.9 00
i rgn n; on 10.0 8 5-1-' Hi.o
f-»n roil 8.0 6.48>| 8.0
"iistiu- 10.0 ! 4.. 68! 10.0
)n on 10.0 I 1 OUO|
i V,40 i
B 800
B,i.'S3
; 4. P00
i 5.37S
I 1.400
. ...; «
3.000
:5,.t'.4
; 3.«b0
A comparison <-f the N w York and t c '
Brooklyn will sl»owthat th- Navy Depart- '
ment has profited by previous exaggerated
statements. be New Yfik and Brooklyn
have a displacement of 874'» tons arm 10,024 |
tons respect;vt-ly with bunkers filled. The i
Sf>creta»y of 'be Navy, under date of
December 10, 1892. claimed for the Brook
lyn: "She can eapily go from New York
to San Francisco without recoaling.' The !
present chief constructor, however, does !
not take so sanguine a view of th« ship's
cruising ability, :or he claims an endur- j
ante of only 6033 miles, which, no doubt, '
will come pretty close to the actual per- '•
formance.
With the original coal sunply con
siderably reduced, and the consumption
exceeding in some instances the estimate j
three times, the cruising capacity has thus ;
been greatly reduced. The excels of con- '
sumption is. however, not due to faulty j
engines and boiler designs, for our naval |
muchinery has proved itselt phenomenally
su-cejsful in all particulars. The esti
mate was made not by a practical engin
eer, but by some one wo knew noth n? of
that brand, and accepting the theory
of the evaporating properties of a pound
of coal as correct in practice made these
disappointing predictions of wonderful I
en urance. Then, again, American coal. I
on an average, is inferior to English coal, I
and as a result greater quant. tie- are re- |
quired to obtain result* on superior
fuel. Not all the coal use.i on the ships
is , expended on propulsion, and a larce
percentage goes toward distilling, galley,
heating, electric-lighting, steam-launche**,
wincne.- and pumps. This percentage is !
increasing with the introduction of labor- !
saving machinery on the new vessels. The j
present chief oi the Bureau of Equipment
direc a attenton to the fact that while
auxiliary machinery in 189 -94 used 29 per
cent of the total coal expanded on the
ships the percentage duriu 1894-95 rose to
48 6. ' .
The itemized 4 con! exrenditure* on two
well-known v ««els will indicate to what
extent coal is used ou Teases of war:
the noble ambition to finish alone, we took
off tt:e heavy saddles and opened the
Stable door. Alas for '.he woman nature
that will face a lion and run from a mouse!
Neither of as would walk pas the white
mule's Leeis, and she was in the first stall.
We waked the superintend n\ turned
the horsi ovt-.r to him, escaped as quickly
as possible from his sleepy sarcasms, and
sought the narrow beds of our own cabin.
Olive Heydek.
£ A
c
Coal iiXPK-VDKD. =. 8 -
-
l>is-!!!in& 1,094 IS9
Pumps 80-j 47
Lipht Ig 3,614 672
ll.ating i'HOl 131
Galley .' •. 1"9 iJ'4
80..;s 54 30
Total auxiliary....; .'........ 3,977 1,278
Total for stentnJn*... ! 4,815 ! > -.?4.'
Graud total tons ,8,782 3,01j
It will observed that aux liary machin
ery consumed 4,"> rer cent in the Columbia
anil 36 per cent in the San Francisco ot
the to;al coal used. The excess of galley
coal in the latter ship was owing to the
fact ot her carrying an aJn.iral, who also
has a separate range. No doubt during
peace times some of these expensive
auxiliary luxnres could be gnat y re
duced, Jor a biii of $10,300 for one year on
a ship carrying al ont 400 men does seem
a little steep, and $1200 for the galleys on
the San Francisco ith 350 men and one
admiral comes rather high as compared
with hotel expenditures for like pur
pose.
Five years ago auxiliaries did not con
sum ■> over 10 per cent of :ae total, but
since then c.cc ric lighting has chielly
helped to raise it to 46 6 per cent.
The coal bills oi the navy sbovv a steady
yearly increas", and with additional ships
and unchecked extravagance may soon
reach $1,000,000.
COAL BILLS Of UNITED STATES VATT.
Fiscal Year.
Tons.
Coat.
gy9-9t>... .......;
89U-91...., .-
831-9 'J.. „.:..........:. „
-3.-98 .„.':... ....... ;....... -•
8o:«fl4
8»4-95
66,694 f ;.*>..
bS.t-H 4Cj.^»4
73.4*8 550,51
67.084 -}4«»- 6 ■
9-f. . *8 : li-iO.oJii
88,615; 51£,i70
in the British navy tl:e expenditures f ()r
cod r.'-ed on sb;ps during 1893 94 was
12,247.270. but E.icland bad 147 cruising
vessels in commission against the United
Sta e>' 36.
The Uniied States *s not alone in this
predicamen of fanc<e') endurance of na
val vessels. L<>rd Brassey in his Naval
Annuai o: 1893 fevotes considerable space
to the subject. Says he on i>age 110:
"A point of very creat importance is
that w«» should no longer be suffert-d by
tbe Admiralty to live in a fool's parad ac
as regards tbe coal endurance of our wa;
sh;p-, more especially our cruisers. Tne
semi-orticial Agore? given from year to
year in the Anna i. bee use no other* are
available, ar* misiddi g in the t-xirttne,
and it is diiiicult to believe that any naval
engineer had any band in preparing
tUem. "
Tl.e unit is doubly serious or our navy
from the ;act that we bave no coaling sta
tions to speak of outside of the country.
J. E. i
A LONELY LIFE
Mar\ Jtature, ar\d Skeep
ir\ tke Wilderness
Po*siblv tbe oldest occupation in which
j man is engaged to-day is thai of herding
; *heep. Ii is mentioned in the first books of
I the Bib c. and referred to as an occupation
lof the most wor by kin i. Tbe ticin^a of
j "peace on earth" was first given to the
>hei herds who "wat.-hed their floc*^ at
night," aid omf of the m< st prominent
men of history have put in many years of
| their lives caring for the gentle animals
that are so naefnl to mankind.
The metftods of watching fbeep have
I than ed very little since Biblical times,
I and strange a- ii may *cem many of the
! men at pies> m engaged in it show tne
j "-anie dispositions men of several thou
j gauds of years ago are said to have bad.
There is a tarnation about waicbin*
sheep which appeals to a thinking mind,
which possibly accounts for the fact that
so many r-hilosot'hers of past ages have
been shepherds. The solitude of the hills
is conducive to medication, the changes of
the sty sucgest the Infinite and the sounds
of the nignt come to the loneiy watcher
,as voices of the s.lence. Many men who
are at present in the bils caring ior flocks
vow that tbey can hear the sound of voices
at night when they know there is nobody
within miles.
The California shepherd is an individual
almost entirely unknown to the rest of
the worid. Even the residents of the
State hardy know of his existence, while
the cowboy ha>* a world-wide fame. The
reasur. for t is is not h:;rd to find. It is
because the men p.re different in almost
every way, particularly in disposition. And
after ail ilie difference is to a large extent
causea by ihe animals tbey care ior.
The villainous cowboy who would rather
tiglit than eat and thinks that the nobles:
tnuiij? in the world are forms of dissipa
tion can get no satisfaction for bis nature
in caring for itieh gentle crpaturt-s as
shepp. He wants something that he can
swear at, i:ke a vi> iou- -teer, that would
be only too Rlaii to core him to death if he
wou.d let him. He wants to dash wildly
THE OVERSEER ON HIS LONELY VIGIL.
over the range, on a pony as vicious as the
steer, or himself for that matter, and ride
through small settlements iike a demon.
The beasts in big care are not easily hurt,
and be can abus- them as much as he
feels like, by lnssoinp them, throwing
them down end branding them. There is
nothing gives a cowboy a 9 much pleasure
as branding a bull that has given him
considerable trouble. He likes to see the
creature squirm ia agony as he presses
the hot iron into its flesh. To kill one
that is demoralizing to the herd is the
height of bisdelig it.
In marked contrast to this individual is
the sheepueide — that is, the majority of
sh«ei.herders. To be sure there are ;ome
almosi «s bad as the cowboys, bnt they are
for the most part men who are employed
by ranchers ior so much v month, and are
deleeat d to tne work as ih*y niipht be to
any o'her xork on tbe ranch. But they
don't like it. Tbe real sheepberder, and
he is largely in tho majority, is the man
who follows it in preference to anything
else. A m^rt who is attached to the work
would rather watch sheep on the hills
than be the president of a bank.
Another class of men who watch sheep
are those who do it tor their health.
Dozen? of men claim to have been cured
o: consumption sirm ly by puitine in .-ev
era! mon ns at watching sheep. The work
friv.-s what i 3 most required in -he deadly
disease— plenty of fresh air, moderate ex
ercise and employment that is not wear
ing on the brain, but is still enough to
keep it occupied ana prevent n«rvou«
ness. Of ci'Urt.e if a man has plenty of
money be can gt tht^e things without
Herding sheep, but ibere are many men
who need them b;<diy who »>av- no money,
and all who have a-tn advantage of this
knowledge have surely been benefited. A
| number of men wtio have taken up sheen
| herding have become so fascinated witb it
i that they have stuck to it long after they
I got over the trouble.
Of course, it is not an easy matter to get
j employment of this kind, but if tbe
owner of tbe range knows the applicant
he will be almost sure io give him work,
as he knows he is likely to get good ser
vice. The pay is small, ahon: $2o i month
;>nil provisions, which the man must cook
himself, cxc pt when tbe sheep are close
to tbe ratichhou?e. But ;his does not
happen often. It is no matter whether
the shet- I'herder is an old or a new hand,
the work expected of him will be the same
under any circumstances.
She. p ranges iv California are scattered
all over the Biate, but tbe greater number
of them can be found in ihe foothills of
the Sierras ail the way from Si-kiyoa to
Tehacbapi, and on the otner s de of the
mountains. The work of looking after
tht-m lasts ail y ar, although more must
be don at one tame than another.
In tbe spring of tho year there is not
much for the sheepherder to do, as grass
is plenty after the winter rains and feed
can be found almost anywhere. At thia
ume the flock remains near the ranch
house in the valley an.! only needs occa
sional looking after. But as the summer
advances and iced gets scarce the flock, or
band as it is ca;led in California, must be
driven to the hills.
It is then that the sheepherder's real
wort begins. Tne way it is done in Fresno
County is characteristic of the rest of the
State, out th.- sheepher Jer's life is if any
thing a little more lonely there than eise
wbere.
Along about May the sheep are driven
from the vallny into tbe foothills and the
herder follows them, carrying ad his camp
utensils with him and sleeping on the
ground with only the sky for a roof most
of the time. In some places where there
is known to be feed enough to last several
days cabins of shakes are erected, but as a
general thing tbe hprder seldom sleeps
two nights in the same place.
As tbe flock advances into the moun
tains the herder finds things becoming
more and more lonesome day after day
until the time comes when be is absolutely
alone with the sheep. Not a liv:ng crea
ture to speak to except tbe overseer, who
goes over the range occasionally, or some
other herdex who leaves his charges a lit
tle while to get a few minutes' companion
ship. The sheep are littie trouble and
keep pretty close to the feed line. High
iv the mountains it is so scarce it keeps
them busy to get enough to eat without
doing anything else. All the herder has
to do is to see that they are not stampeded
by a wolf or other wild animal.
The herder usually spends his time rest
ine or preparing las own food. It is when
high in the mountains that » man has time
to commune witb nature if he wishes to do
so. Tbe almost barren bills lying under
the clear blue sky and the awful silence
that hangs over the world are all likely
to make a man tbink of things he n -ver
did before. He is really close to nature,
and if be does not hear voices in the night
and even see forms tbrousn the darkness
i his mind U of different material than the
| average.
As the season advances the silence be
comes more intense. The hum of insects
that occasionally broke through the still
ness ceases. The flock is likely to become
more scattered, as food is always getting
scarcer, and the herder is likely to find
himself a mile away from any living
beine. In very dry seasons it often hap
pens that the Sock will go almost up to
the snow line on tbe sides of Mount Whit
ney, searching for bits of crass and moun
tain plants among tbe barren ro< ks that
are burning under the sun tbat comes un
re»isted throueh the rare atmosphere,
and makes tbe world only a blinding
glare. It is this lonesomeness and deso-
lation that keep a certain class ot men out
of the busines-, but it is wonderfully rest
ful to a tired brain and strengthening to a
weakened body.
To jyard tbe end of September it is almost
impossible for the flock to find food, and the
overseer comes alone and says taat it n>
time to drive the sheep to be sheared. Po»
sibly by this time tiie herder has lost
track o: the days of tbe week and the
knowledge of the month of the year is
entirely out of his mind. Of course he
knows the summer is on the w. ne, but
likely does not know whether it is Sep
tember or October. At a'.y rate he is
most 111 1 g:ad that a ehmue has come
and wil Lugly drives tbe flock over the
bare hi!!s to the shearing place in the
valley. This i- slow work as the poor
crea ures are not very strong and water is
sure to bo sea cc.
After turning his charges over to the
Indian shearers the herder can take a
rest for a wbi:e. Some of them go to
town and spend foolishly tbe n.oney they
bave earned, but the majority of them
have other uses for it.
An old Tuiare v'ointy herder named
"Leon" Clark nas worked at the business
a quarter of a century and saved several
thousand dollar*,
1718
THEY WERE WEDDED
AT THE CATHEDRAL
Nuptials of Miss Annie
O'Kane and Dr. Theo
dore Rethers.
Miss Mamie Kelly and Stephen
Gill United at St
Brigid's.
Interesting Ceremony at San Rafael.
Jennings-Dou hi t and Ehret.
Fechter Nuptials.
One of the most Interesting social events of
the past week was the wedding of Miss Annie
O'Kane, daughter ot Mrs. M. E. O'Kane, and
Dr. Theodore Rethers.
The nuptials were celebrated on Wednesday
morning at half-past 9 at St. Mary's Cathedral
on Van Ness avenue, Rev. Father McQuade
officiating.
The decorations of the church were simple
but most artistic, palms and ferns being used
exclusively. On theaJlar ourucJ innumerable
tapers.
The bride was attended by Miss Nellie
Games, who officiated as maid of honor, and
Miss Gertrude Sutc'.iffe and Monie Fogarty,
who acted as bridesmaids. Frank Dunn v;us
best man and the ushers were: Dr. Lustig,
Percy Long, Frank O'Kane and Horace How
ard. W. D. O'Kane, the bride's brother, gave
her into the keeping ot the groom.
After the church ceremony, an elaborate
breakfast was served by Ludwig at the resi
dence of the bride's mother on O'Farrell street.
covers were laid for seventy-five.
The bride was handsomely attired in a
modish gown of white satin. The jupe was
made en train and the corsage trimmed with
chiffon.
Miss Games, the maid ot honor, wore a
pretty gown, the yoke of which was taanloned
hi yeUow satin and the corsage ot while
organdie.
The bridesmaids were dressed alike in pink
6atin nnd white organdie. AH the young
ladles wore large white Gains-borout;ti litu».
Dr. und Mrs. Ketuers have gout to Dei Monte
for their bridnl tour. On their return they
will reside on the corner of Van Ness avenue
and Vallejo street.
Miss Mamie Kelly and S'ephen A. Gill were
married by the Rev. Katner Ryan nt St.
Brigitl's Church Wednesday evening, Septem
ber 9. Mi-s Kale Maghan acted as bridesmaid
and Eugene Gill, a brother ot the groom, was
best man. The bride ai:d bridesmaid, both
brunettes, were Ure.-sed la white and pre
sented a charming appearance.
Mr. Gill is a popular native son and well
knovvn in the business circles of this City.
At the appointed hour the church was well
filled with the numerous friends vi the con
tracting parties and after u;e ceremony a re
ception wns held at the home of the bride.
The ho -se was tastefully decorated with ever
greens and flowers. The presents were numer
ous, many of them combining beauty with use
fulness, ihe Snorky Social Ciub," of which
Mr. Gill is a charter member and officer, i.re
sented him with a substantial check as a token
of their regard. The musical programme was
excellent and varied. Mr. Ptuiuger gave a
whistling solo, accompanied on the piano.
Mrs. Ffininger delighted the assemblage with
a recitatiou. J. J. Boyle, W. W :-chmitz,
B. Jeremiah Hyland, J. tcully and others xuil:
solos. The Snorky Quartet, composed of
Messrs. Boyle. Hyland, \V. Wand and 11. L.
Schmitz, \vas*inatnr»ilnnce and sans some fine
songs, which were \\eil received. After enjoy
ing the music and merry-making the guests
were invited to the dining-room, wncre an
elaborate fea^t had been prepared. The genial
Colonel Billy Jordan started the toast-making
and many were the appropriate and sincere
expressions for the weliare oi the yuuii,;
couple.
The following were present: Mr. and Mrs.
John Boyle. Mr. and Mrs. John Murphy, Mr.
and Mr.-, ihonias Boyle, Mr. and 2<lrd. c'te^ar
Valente, Mr. and Mrs. Marti a Detels, Mr. and
Mrs. F.a McKvoy, Mr. and Mrs. M. P. Detele.
Mr. and Mrs. John McElroy, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Marden, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Finnigan,
Mr. and Mrs. Jo>eph Murpoy, Mr. uud Mr*.
Henry Callahan, Mr. und Mrs. Stinson Vance,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Garthorne, Mr. and Mrs.
Al Owens, Mr. and Mrs. James Ovens, Mrs. J.
Devine, Mrs. William Boyle. Mrs. William
Akman.Mrs. Lena i.iine. the Misses Acnes and
l^oretia Murphy, the Misses Annie and Lizzie
Devine, the Muses Katie and Lizzie McGahan,
the Missel Louisa and Jonauna Meyer, the
Misses Jennie and Nellie McGonicie, Miss
Maggie Spowa/t, Miss Annie Kelly, Miss Lz
zie Quigley, Miss Ceiia Mann, Miss May Bel
lew, Misa Sosie O'Donnell. Miss Alice Tnrbin,
Miss Mary Campbell, Mi.^s Maggie McKee,
Miss Kate Mageoni, Mis.s Annie Akmann, Miss
Sop. lie Detels, Hisa Julia Murphy, M:s-. Amelia
Buebolt, Miss Julia Alien, Miss Mamie Finn,
Messrs. Aiex Imbrie, Bart Mahoney, Eugene
GUI, Herbert Schmnz. Walter Schinitz, 1;
raiun Hyiand, E.i Colvin, Kd Nelson, James
Rielpy, Willium Meyer, Jieury Meyer, Frank
Pfeiff«r, Charles Stewart, John' Roach, Thomas I
Carr, Al Kueboldt, Harry O'Lrieii. John !
Whasen. WilLittm Drown, Eugene Valente, I
Frauk Zana, Eugene Detels, Wil.iam Detels,
Charles Akmann, Colonel William Jorlan,
Captain Evi Graham, Ed Feeney, John Bulli- '
van. Otto Pikhl, Peter Owens tr., Jonn i
Scully, Jerry Regan, Professor John Wler, \
George Duffy, Wiiliam McMunus, James Kelly, \
John Kelly, William Delaney, Dave Wilson,
I'harits Johanson, M tin uel Rogers, Masters Ed
Boyle, Herbert Boyie, Leonard McEvoy.
One oi the preititst weddings oi tife season
was ti. at of Miss Zuneila Dee Eiiiot and K. B.
Laucel. celebrated iv ban Rafael Saturday,
September 12, at the residence ol Mrs. F. P. !
El iot. The Ceremony toot place iv the
music-room, which was btautifu'ly decorated i
in wime satin ribUm. sruilnx and asters. Rev.
Dr. I>'obei was the officiating clergyman. The
bride was gowned in white brocaded sa in,
w.th mousseliue <Je sole and pearl trimmings.
Her veil was caught up with a beantif nl dia
mond 6tar, the gift of the groom. The maid of
honor, Mi-s Eaith Eiiiot, wore pink taffeta
covered with sillc orgitnuie, aid the brides
maid, Miss Pearl Cottle of San Jose, was dressed
in pule green brocaded silk covered with
mousfseline de t-oie. The atiendants wore
gold and turquoise hearts, presents from the
grtiom. Immediately after the ceremony the
wedding breakiast was served, and during the.
afternoon recepiicn Mr. Lantlsberger, Mr.
Flieshman, Miss Jennie Lehn, Charles Elliot
and Dr. Rodden. frienda of the bride, enter
tained tne guests wi:h mu^lc. Later Mr. and
Mrs. Lanc.rl left for L-.k<t Tahoe, where they
will remain sosm time.
The marriage of C J. Jennings and Miss
Jennie Douthitt took place on September 12
at the residence of the'bride's mother. On ac
count of the recent death of the bride's father,
Judge D. W. Doutliitt, the ceremony was pri
vate, the gutsts being only members of the
family.
The" wed-iing of Antoine Ehret and Miss
Jennie Fichter was celebrated Saturday even
ing, Septem!>er 12, at the residence oi Mr.
Hoch, the bride's brother. The bride was
charmingly gowned in white silk, gown made
en train, aad c>rried Bride's roses. The brides
maid was Mi.-s Joaie Denis. Charles Ehret,
brother of the br degroom, acted as best man.
After the ceremony v reception was held, at
tended by ti-.e immediate fru lids, and an elab
orate supper wus berved. The young couple
were the lecipu-nts of many handsome pret
ente. Mr. ai?d Mrs. Ehret kit for San Jose for
the houeyniuuu.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Announcement Is Made of Be-
trothal Receptions.
The engagement reception of Miss Birdie E.
Coleman and Sun Abrams will take place on
Sunday, September 20, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at
915 Buchanan street.
Tie engagement reception of Miss Ray Harris
and Harry Casner will take place this Sunday,
September 20, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 1413
Jackson street.
Ihe engagement is announced of A. N. Jack
sou to Miss Annie Harris, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. E. Harris of 1804 Laguna street. They
will receive .Sunday, October 4.
The engagement is announced of Miss Allie
McUuan to Francis E. Dunn, a prominent and
wealthy Chicago attorney. The wedding will
take place in November.
SURPRISE PARTY.
Mill Valley Reception in Honor
of Miss Dorcas Burtchaell.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
Miss Dorcas Burtchnell at her beautiful home
in Larkspur on Tuesday evening in honor of
her turUiafty. xiie boose and grounds were
handsomely decorated for the occasion. After
enjoying music and dancing ti ll midnight the
assembled guests sat down to an elegant re
past.
Among those present were: Mr<. M. E. Eas I
lnau, Mrs. W. Jackson, Mr=. T. 11. Walsh, Mr.
and Mrs. B. W. Bnrtchsell, Mi-s Belle Brown,
Mi-s Annie Farrell, Miss Susie Bmith, Mi-s
Bichards, Miss M«e Rich«r la, Misa Lottie
Gruoer, Miss Dorcas HunchaeU. M;s- Mab.-l
. Miss Ethel Walsh, Messrs. Joh;i Rhod< s,
George Farrell, C. Harmon, Bart Hurtchaeli, R.
h. Duke, J. Hooker, W. Jackson, C. Burtchaell.
OUTING PARTIES.
Young People Celebrate Admis
sion Day in This Pleasant
Fashion.
Miss Mabel Church gave a number of her
friends a very enjoyable outinn Ht Like La
gunitas on Admission day. The party was
chaperoned by Mrs. Backett, Mrs. Vas'et and
Mrs. Church. Her guests were : Miss Savage
of Alameda, the Misses White of Oakland, Miss
Cairy Hewsonof Larkspur, Mi-s Lou Mcßoyle,
Miss Gertrude Paiker, Miss Belle Norton. Miss
Kittie Anderson of San Francisco; Messrs.
Robert Butler, Hope Frost, Marcel Cerf. Ben
Brooks, J. H. Wheeler. Curl iSuiith, Robert
Hewson, Paul Jones, Dr. Rawdor, Mr. Buskey
and Mr. Ireland.
Admission day was fittingly celebrated by a
party of thirty young people in a novel and
most enjoyable trip to Mil brae. Leaving the I
residence of Mr. and Mrs. B twdinan, '2-3 Fair
Oaks street, at ?< a. m. the party arrived at the |
grounds at lv:15 a. m. Games, diuicing. races, j
beanbap a".d football anci an elaborate lunch- !
eon were ihorougii y . |oyed. 'i :i m i resent
were: Miss T. Stevens, Sli*s a. Colbertson,
Miss L. Finch, Mis» G. Cutting, M ss M. K.
Boardman, M s< A. B'-Hrdmnn, Mi-s N. lioard
man, M:ss U. Smith, Miss A. Spatrowe, Miss A.
Morehuuse, M. Norris, Mrs. <.ai.»:iioru,
Mrs. Boardman; F. Cmig, P. Clarke. R. Cie
land. Dr. Sm:tn, 1^ Bernheim, J. Cross, A.
Lnndy, J. Thompson, W. Day, A. Gnnninson,
R. Clarke, V. Walsh, G. Horlou, C. Halleu and
J. Boaraman.
AT OAKLAND
The Misses Jessie Neuman and
Pearl Hickman Tendered
a Benefit.
Elite HhII, at the cornrr of Twelfth and
Franklin streets, ©ak!an<i, was crowded to the
ioors lust Wednesday evening, September Hi, I '
the. occasion being a benefit tendered the J
Misses Jessie Ntuman and Pearl Hickman. i i
These clever and talented children I aye lately
performed at many private and public enter
tainments in Oakland, and at the rtij.-st of
the managers of tne Industrial Fair, recently I.
held in Oakland, pave an exhibition of their \
daucine there. The appreciation of the audi- I
enM was shown by th< lr heai t v a: plaii.^.-.
After the entertainment die floor was c eared j
f<»r dancing, « hie. ■ was indulged i:i until &
late h> ur. Fo lowing is a programme of the !
evening's entertainment :
Overture, orenestra. Comedietta, "A Happy
Pair": riiHrHCters — Mr. Honeyton, Mr. Frank
Moore; Mrs. Honeyton, Eateiia Millar. Over
ture, orchestra; butterfly dance. Pearl Ulcfc
man and Jes^le Nemnaii ; vocal s«)io, te ected,
Mrs.R, Kevalk. Scene, "King John": < iiarac
t«n—Hubert, George E.Clarke; Prince Arthur,
Jessie Neuman: attendant, Hobart Pnrdy.
Character song and dance. I'earl Uickman.
'•The Pardon" : Character-- Qieen, Miss Hilma
Butler ; Marlon, Xisa Edna [tall; page. Miss
Alma Ferris. Specialty, Jessie Neuman; dub
swinging, Mr. Frederick Lewis; sailors' horn
pipe. Pearl Hickman; overture, orchestra.
Pantomimic posing— Mist Nellie Fox, Miss
Maud Newnard, Mi^s Rnby Stimpson, Miss
Jessie Neuman and Mi>s lean Hickman; an
nouncer, Miss Hiima Butler.
SAILED AWAY.
Society People Lfave for a Visit
to the Islands.
The passenger-list of the steamship Alameda,
which sailed on Thursday for Honolulu, Auck
land anil Sydney, included: E. B. Beard and
wife, W. T. Brigham, Dr. A. H. Bryant, wife
and child, Miss A. Cabiil, Mrs. S. M. Dodge, j
C. L. Gallien, .Miss H. Harding, Miss Alice I
Hake, Dr. W. F. Hall and wife,* (". M. Heintz,
Karl Hermann, Miss A. D Keliog?, Miss E. j
Kennan, Miss W. M. Lampton, H. Looison, j
A. J. Ladwigsen and sun, Miss a. H. I'arke, '
K. li. Kosi-, Miss 1.. Koyston, Mrs. Vollertson,
R. D. Walbridgc. wif; and chilU, A. 1. Wells
and wife, W. P. Whitley.
For Auckland — George Armstrong, H. A.
Brigham, F. Wegg Horn, Robert James. H.G. I
B. Kinneur, N. Lew.eni I i:. 11. Mason. A. K.
Ritner, F. Richards mid wife, Jamas Ruddin,
H. L. Sargent, Miss I. Sheriffs.
For Sydney— Samuel Allan and wife, William
Allan, Hon. George W. Bell, John liUbtard, J.
W. Butcher, William Collins D. Cri-zier, J.
(owe.l and wife, J. R. Davis, R. A. Dexter, D.
I). Enschtae, Dr. F. Fiaschi, Miss Graves, H.
M. Gnoch, 1. Howard and wife, Fred Hesssrt,
If. Haege, W. li. Herdsman, Dr. J. B. Hunt, (i.
W. MslTallfen, R. Moorhead. J. W. Parson, R.
Recknagle, wife and cuiid. N. M.Tnomson,
Miss 8. H. Winder.
PERSONALS.
Dr. E. S. Breyfogle and wife are sojourning
iv Berlin.
Dr. and Mrs. David Cohn left Tuesday even
ing for Europe to visit tneir son Robert, who
recently graduated at Heidelberg. They are
accompanied by their daughter, Edith.
Mrs. ¥ Lewis and Miss Mildred Lewis leave
for New Yurie at Hie end of this month.
-Mr. hi) I Mrs. George H. Tyson left last night
for New York.
Mrs. F. y iiarnes has returned after spending
the past week at Santa Crux.
Mr*. Major Darling has returned very much
benefited by her visit to Paso Roblts.
Mr. and Mrs. Simon Black {nee Meyerfeld)
Will receive their friends on Saturday and Sun
day afternoons, September 19 and 20 at 1930
Bush street.'
_ Miss Ada \Ve!gel has. returned to the Hotel
Bella Vista, after passing the bummer at Bel
vedere. .
Mrs. Nettie Harrison, the beauty doctor, re
turned the nast week from an extended trip to
the East. Mrs. Harrison's trip was mude for
pleasure and business combined. Dur.ng her
absence she visited Chicago, St. Louis, Phila
delphia, New York, Buflalb, Boston and
Toronto, Canada. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUXDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
Franc sco after an extended visit to relatives
in Eastern c
Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Sawyer have returned
from the Yoseniile Valley a 'd llig trees.
Mrs. F. H. .Stable, wife of Dr. F. H. Stable,
Sup rintendent of the City aid county Hospi
tal, is lyiug seriously ill at her home nt the
hoxpitai.
Mrs. J. H. Fleckincer und Miss Parßh Fleck
inKer of Ban Juse have returned home after a
month's vimi to P*so Rubles.
Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Gross, Mr. nnd Mrs. Ed D.
Griffin, M. Ot: nnd family, and Miss Leta Gross
tire visiting in Bolinas, Morin County.
Miss Kiitherine White left for Vienna Friday
evening to tinisn her musical education.
Mr.-. •'. P. LeiCbter, -Jon; Vallejo street, will
be at home thesecoud and fourth Thursday of
euch mouth.
CORONADO.
CORONADO, CAI-, Sept. 10.— The mo-t en
joyable bowling party of the season was givi nat
the hotel on Wednesday evening. Among
j.ar;ici>>at:ng were: Mr. :md Mrs. W. T. Bishop ]
Jr.. Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. R. J. Widney, j
Los Angeles; Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Hall, San
jco; Mrs. E. W. Runyon, Red Bluff; Miss
Noyes, Washington, I). C; Miss O'Connor and
M'ss hurling, San Francisco; the "
. Detroit; Mi-- B ssington, Tr
Messrs. B. W. M Kenzir, Coronado; C. E. Maud,
I. Stuart McConnochL Riverside; W. 8. Ely,
Cincinnati; H. B. Tennoy, Tucson, Ariz.; W.H.
Luu, Los Angeles; E. O. Hull, P«s ; ideno.
Mrs H. A. Jerome, daughter of the lan- Judge
Bastings Ol Sao Francisco, accompanied by
her in nd and Miss Marie Zane, is a-jain at
Coronado. After a few days at the note! Mr». ;
.)■ r<>ine will again occupy the Foster residence j
on the beach.
Dexweil Hewitt of San Francisco is a guest
at the hotel.
Fred t. Hussey and bride are enioving-life at I
" Ghange your Suit."
A DEVELOPMENT OF THE OLXX FOB TRfMPP, AS
PROPOSED BY MAJOR-GENERAL A. W.
dp.a yson— cojicnruM ■.
Having considered the advantages of this
system, I will now refer to its probable disad
vantages. I will suppose that my partner has
advanced so iar as to spesk of ihe present con
ventional "signal" <is "ChanEe your suit to
trumps." He sees me play this ••signal," and
he holds the losing trump, the better trump
being in the adversary's hand. Is my pir I
ner, if a reasonable player, likely to conclude
that I wish him to lead his losing trump, or
will he consider that my signal means
'•Change your suit"?
Again, supposing the two remaini-ij; trumps
are held, one by my partner, the other by me,
and 1 ask him to change his suit, is he likeiy
to think I wisn him to draw my trump? or
will he weet-pt my intimation that he is to
change to another 6uit? Mistakes might hap
pen by such means, but I do not think they
are likely— at least with an intelligent player,
when the "ask for trumps" has been
altered to "Change your suit" (to trumps).
Thus at the early t-tage of the play of a hand
I suggest that the playing: an unnecessarily
high card means "Chance your suit to
trumps." When, however, the trumps have
all been played, or when ouly oue or two re
main in, and when the play of an unncccessa
rily high card cannot mean 'Scad a trump."
then iheplHyof an unnecessarily nigh card
means "Change yoursua."
I feel convinced that if two players ac
quainted with this system plpyed with equal
cards against two omers unacquainted with
it, there would be a considerable percentage
\ in favor of the former ever the latter.
! This is not the introduction of a new
i conventional signal, But merely increasing
I the powers -if one at present in use, and which
j is now rather cramped and arbitrary in its
meaninie. Whenwhis. payers become accut
i tomed to say, "You asked me to change my
I suit to tru*nps," instead oi saying "You sig
nal, d for trumps" I think the system will be
f.iund practically useful. A player i.ow might
6hv: "You signaled for trumps when (Ley were
i all out. What was I to understand by that?"
I If he said, -'You asktd mo to change my suit
to trumps when they were all out," he would
not be likely to ask what to understand by
that, for trumps bein? out of the question
must be considered out of tht> demand, and
"Chunge your suit" can alor.e be the meaning
of the play of the unnecessarily high card.
When winning trumps «re led by your part
ner, the present conventional system of in
timating thut you hold four in the suit, by
playing the lowest but one, followed i >• tne
lowest, would still be folowed without any
1 chance oi confusion. The play of the unneces
sarily high trump would— if we kept to the let
ter of the principle — mean change your suit to
trumps, as the first meaning; as, however,
trumpa were being led, the piay of the un
necessarily high card in trumps could only
mean that the player held four trumps at least.
When a player is leading winning cards and
his partner indicates that he wishes the suit
changed, and when all the trumps are out,
the player would at once use his judgment as
to whether he should continue his suit or
change it. If the player held enough winning
cards in the suit to win the game out of his
own hand of course to change would not be
desirable, so thai a responsibility rests on the
player asking for a change «f suit as great as
now rests on the player "asking for trumps."
This responsibility, however, does not
diminish the value of the signal to "change
your suit." when trumps are out.
When a player holds two other euits besides
that which he is leading, and trumps being
out, the signal to change suit may leave him
iv doubt as to which of the other two suits to
lead. A careful aud observant player, how
ever, is not likely to make an error, and his
partner's signal mc&ui "change the suit," as
Coronado. Mr. Hussey is superintendent i
provincial police at Victoria, B. C, and his
wife is the daughter of the iate Captain H.
Berkley of her Majesty's Twenty-fourth Infan
try. The wedding occurred in Los Angeles on
the 12th Insi. at St. Paul's Ei tscopal Church.
J. r. Moulion and Miss Moulton of San Fran
cisco were recent visitors.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. 'Morehou.se and son. El
Pa^o, Tex., «re staying here.
Mr. and Mrs. H.*H. Vree'.and, children and
rntiid, and Dr. and Mrs. <.. A. Ferguson of New
York City, who are touting California in their
private tar, were reoenly nere.
Munsßer J. H. Holmes of the Hotel Greene,
Pasadena, accompanied by Mrs. Holmes, Miss
Aiifie Holmes and John Holmes, have been
spending a few days at Hotel del Coronado.
Jay W. Adams was a recent ban Francisco
guest here.
Mr. and Mrs. E. E.Nichols of Slanitou, Colo.,
are guests here. 'Mr. Nichols is well known lv
connection with the Cliff House at Manitou.
Mr. ana Mrs. William Fitzherbert West (for
merly Miss Helen Sobioska Ball) are passing
lueir honeymoon at the hotel.
W. A. Doyle of bau Francisco registered here
early in the week.
VICKY SPRINGS.
Among the late arrivals at Vichy Springs
are: Annis Meirill, Mr. and Mrs. Pierre N.
Boeringer and family, A. L. Boeringer, Laur
ence C. BoeriDger, W. L. Cranford, D. Q. Troy,
Fred Vaughan, W. Raubinger, J. Schweitzer,
Mrs. F. M. Sponagle, Mr. nnd Mrs. H. W. Mcln
tirc; Chßrles W. Sutro, W. M. Brown, P. EL A-
•rood. Miss Kate M. <>ogus. Sun Franci.-c>; Mrs.
A. Kllgore, WatertOWO, Muss.; Mr. u nd Mrs.
K"4<-ham, L. Barnard, Fort Bragg; J. W. Mac
anler, San Jose; Chares R. Herrin, Titraron;
Mr. and Mrs. William O. Thgan, Walnut Grove:
Miss Elizabeth Davis, Miss Rachel M. Davis,
Golden Uate.
WHIST
i anything Is better than continuing as you are I
I playing.
ECHOES FROM GREAT Wlll-T EXPERTS. |
The following deal at whist was played in the
Trist Club rooms last Tuesday nignt:
!>K\L NO. 2.
From Fisher Ames, author of "A Practical ;
i Guide to Whist."
10 spades trump in West's hand. North to
cad. The winning card is underscored.
I
tricks. I north. I east, south, west.
'
1 1 60 40 100 KQ
2 ! _*+_ 5* 8+ «J +
3 39 go -JO ! An
4 4« 7+ 6+ | Q+
5 0* K« ah j 8*
« 6* 3* _Q*_ 10*
7 20 7* 9ft 2+
8 7O 40 i 6O I 4*
9 '- 9O 70 i 30 ' 9*
10 80 : 10* 90 I 50
11 f 2V 3+ QO i * +
12 IUO JO 2» 160
IS 80 AQ *b* I KQ
Kg
04*
An
s>core: f»orth nndßouth 11, East and « est 2.
-her Ames' comments on the play:
This hand is one in which the long suit
system of leading the fourth best gains
| tricks. The short suit or "Hbwell Game"
would lead the 9 of hearts as the "lop oi noth
j ing," and his partner would have no clew to
I unblocking. North would be unable to bring
, in his last three' 'hearts and East and West
would make three diamonds, s
Trick 2— South begins a trump call.
Trick 3— South can count North's hearts and
j unblocks by throwing ihe jncK.
Trick 6 — East's cover is. perhaps question
| able, but it makes no difference. It is, how
i ever, sometimes well 10 cover to promote
i medium cards in partner's hand. Thus, if
West had had another guard to his ten
spades it would be the master card on third
[ round. By his unblocking play South can put
, his partner in in hearls and enable him to
bring in his suit.
Vallejo Qets the Jftdeout Jrophvj.
A little over a year ago a few whist enthu
siasts ot Valii jo got their heads together and
formed a whist and chess club, and to-day they
j are the happy possessors of the Rideout Trophy,
I v.h eh represents tre championship of tho
Pacific Coast Waist Association. Captain F.
J. Walters and second vice-president of the
club paid the whist editor of The Call a visit
! ou Saturday morniug last. He told us they
came down to take b»<fk ihe trophy, and noth
ing would stop them this time. He spoke by
j the card and the Vallejo boys went back home
crowned with success and carried with them
j the beautiful trophy of solid silver valued at
J $250 i_resentea to the association by N. D.
I Rideout, ex-president of the San Francisco
I Whist Club. . • .
The contest took place in the rooms ; of the
Ban Francisco Whist Club. The. teams were
made up of the following gentlemen: The
San Francisco Club team—Mr. Hotaling, Bay
den, Halton and Abraham. The Vallejo— F." J.
Walter captain, F. H. Brew, 1 C. H. Colyin and
J. M. Brady.- Twenty-four deals ; were played
in the afternoon and twenty-four again in the
evening. , J. G. Button of. :he Trist Club was in
charge of the match. Captain Walters writes
us as follows: "Alter the play the members of
THE PAST WEEK
IN LOCAL SOCIETY
A Theater and Chute Party
in Honor of Miss
Fair.
Miss Cuneo Entertains Her Little
Friends on Her Tenth
Birthday.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Krenz, Assisted by
Their Friends, Celebrate Their
Silver Weddiag.
James D. Phelan gave a theater party on
Monday evening complimentary to Miss Vir
ginia Fair. After enjoying Miss Kathryn Kid
der in "Madame Sans Gens," Mr. Phelan and
his guests repaired to the Bohemian Club
where supper was served in the red room. Iv
the party were: Miss Fair, Mrs. Oelrichs, Miss
Jeunie Blair, Mrs. C. A. Spreckels, Walter
Dean, A. M. Small, E. M. Greenway.
On Tuesday evening Miss Fair was the guest
of honor at a chute party given by Milton S.
Latham. A supper served at the University
Club followed.
Miss Regina Cuneo entertained a number of
her friends and classmates at her parents'
home, 015 Bay street, on last Thursday after
noon, September 10, when she celebrated her
fifteenth birthday. The afternoon was pleas
antly spent in various amusements, after
which a bounteous repast was partaken of by
the little ones. Before their departure they
were presented with a souvenir of the occa
sion.
A delightful surprise party was given to the
Misses Ellner and Tessle Ryan on Admis
sion day at their mother's residence, 2812
Nineteenth street. Among those who were
present were: The Misses Elmer and Tessie
Ryan, Miss May Kelly, Miss Annie Mulreany,
Miss Georgia MacEnnis, Miss Nora Ryan, the
Misses Allie and Liilie Meagher, Miss Lillie
Peletier, the Mis.-es Bessie and Agnes Fitzger
ald, the Misses May and Gertie Green, Miss
Mollie Smith, Miss Ethel Grazer, Miss Lillie
Russac, Miss Mary Rowan. Miss May O'Uara,
Miss Rosa Jorden, Miss Margaret Flynn, Miss
Mabel Dnrkins, Miss Gertie Bryant, Miss Ella
Gorden, Miss May Fitzgiven, Miss May Rior
deu. Miss Eliza Bowman, Miss Charlotte Hun
ter, Miss Loretto Ryan, Mis-8 Annie Lawton. the
Misses Mollie and Bessie Mulreany, the Misses
Mary and May O'Keefe, Miss Maggie Dosrherty,
Mi-s M. Ryan, MissE. Fitzgerald, Miss K. Mui
renny and Mrs. Ryan.
Mr. and Mrs. E. Krenz celebrated their silver
wedding on Sunday eveniug, September 13, at
their residence, l'J35 York street Dancing,
vocal and instrumental music made the hours
pass all too qu:ekiy. At midnight festivities
were interrupted and an elaborate supper was
served. Among those present were: Mr. and
Mrs. A. R. Ness, E. Krenz, Mrs. F. Gaevart, H.
Krcnz, R. Kroiiz, Mi-sT. Meyer, E. Meyer, Cap
tain und Mis. rhristiansen, M. Gorgoll, H.
Gaevart, Miss D. Ness, Mr. aud Mrs. J. Crudup.
Captain and Ma Bowes, Mr. and Mrs. J. Ricic,
Mr. nnd Mrs. Barduhn, Mr. and Mrs. P.
t-traus-, Mr. and Mrs. X. Loranz, Mr.
atid Mrs. Juiei, Mr* ami Mrs. Arntt,
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Ness Jr., Miss J. Rick, Miss
<>. Berkner, Miss M. Lorinz, Miss R. Loranz,
Miss fi. Borduhu. E. Sand, Mr. Reef, E. Bowes,
R. Howes, W. Barduhn, G. Barduhn, R. Gorsoli,
P. i-iorgoll.
The birthday of Mrs. Kate Hopkins was
ploH.«aiitly celebrated on Saturday hist at the
lady's residence, 130 Onk street. Among those
pn so. t war*: Bier. E. Wallace Nevill anl wiie,
(it urge I. Drew and wile, Arthur Paddock
ami wife, I). N. Place and wife,
D. A. Skeen and wife, Mrs. E. C. Giitfin, Mrs.
H. A. Griffin, Mrs. G. W. SKinier, Mrs. L. H.
the San Francifco Whist Club team treated v
royally, in fa.et, so much so that I am not over
the effects of it yet." The full score oi the
match is given below:
vai.ujo whist club vat sax frakcisco
WHIST CI.UB. SSPTKmBKB 12,1896.
The following schedule shows the score divided
in deals of 8:
Total
'• I <
Deals. • 1234 66 7
• 'a
San Francisco...) 0| 01 It 01 'J| 0| til 01 3
Valifjo | l| l| 0| 'j\ 0| o| l| l| | 6
Deals. 91 10 1 1 11 IISI/£I IS 116 i
Sun Francisco... j 0 0 0 2 3 a 0 i 8
Va11ej0..... lo■ 10 0 0 0! 0 0 I 1
Deal* ;...\l7\lS 10 m\ til Si Ml I(| ,■ i
San Francisco... ; 0 0 hi 0 0 1 IJJ6
Vallejo ! 1| 0 o.o|l|UOo 2
Deals- ...| iS sf~S7\Ts\ !!>\ 30 31 Hi "
San Francisco... , 0 0 10 0 '2 0 1 4
Vallejo I 1 3 0| l| 0 0 0 0 5
Deals 33~3t 35 .55. 37 SS 39 10 i
Sa:i Francisco... 0 v 0 0 0 0 0 0 .0
v«ii)t-i'. i| tl| 3 0 13 a i \ 11
Deals 411 it 13 4; V in< 47 &
Han Francisco... 0 2 0 ii 0, 0 0 l! 5
Vailcjo 30000Q00 :
1 — . i — |_i_t— I
Total >:aiii Sun Fraucisco 20
Total guia Va:l«'j < 2
Net gain for Vallejo
WKistlets.
Mrs. Charles E. Sitton, president of the Kate
Wheelock Club of Portland, Or., after spending
a couple of weeks with ber many whist friends
in this City an-.l Oakland, returned to her
! home last week. During her stay in the City
; she won the admiration o: ali the members of
j the Trist Ciub by htr knowledge and skill at
i the game. She extends through The Call nu
j invitation to ali San Francisco ladies who love
i -whist to visit the Kate Wheeiock Club when
■ ever they go to Portland.
"The Wednesday afternoons" for the ladies
: at the Trist Cub rooms was inaugurated
! Wednesday last. The Indies in chartte of the
games have persuaded our.whist "editor 1 ' to
give a2O minutes' talk during the play. Two
o'clock sharp is the hour.
Plans of the San Francisco Whist Club for
the fall and winter play were published in
full in the August number of Whist.
Henry Pnyot, er-president of the San Fran
cisco Whist Club, presented to the club a very
un.que picture in the center of a large frame,
a portrait of Sir Wiliiam Pole, the whist phi-
I losopher, surrounded by piayiug cards, with
j autographs of expert players, procured by Mrs.
| Payot at the sixth congress at Manhattan
Beach.
Solutions to Froblems.
Correct solutions to our problem No. 14, have
been received from Mrs. F. A. Carmichael,
John McKay and J. Hali Lewis of Byron Hot
Springs.
The solution to our double dummy problem
published July 5 is as follows :
(The winning card is underscored.)
TRICKS.
NO BTH.
BAST. SOUTH. WEST.
40 70 kc>
10** 3* 2+
Q+. A»-, 8*
50 *C> +
100 90 90
70*. JO JO*
100 kg Qo
*30 60 X +
L::::::::::::::-^-
-3..!!!!."!!!!!!;!'. ~4+-
4. 20
5....::::. - 60
0........ .. IQ»
*...;.: ..-Ho~
8.. ....... ,7+
. •If at trick 2 East discards a diamond South
will . discard a ' diamond ; the play will bo
similar ,to ; the ; above, diamonds and clubs
being interchanged. '... If east discards a heart
obviously Sou ih will make a trick in hearts. ■ i
If at trick 6 East discards queen of hearts
South will make the jack of hearts. If West
discards the kiuß of clubs North makes the 0
oi diamonds. . .
Champion, Mrs. E. B. Beel, Mrs. R. Parker,
Mm. M. Finlnyson Drynan, Mrs. Elizabeth
Sloper, Mrs. M;ud Waltnam, Mrs. Cleveland,
Miss Meda Hoskins, Miss Mabel Griffin. Dr.
Samuel H. Roberts, William T. Jones, John P.
Bogardus, George Reed, George C. Sutherland,
Frank McCann and many others.
On Monday evening, the 14th lnst., an en
tertainment was given by Clarence Suther
land at Grand Central Hall. The programme
consisted of the following numbers: Over
ture, Brockoff's string band ; a short talk about
Indians, H. Burgess;"recitation, Miss Blanche
Rivers; piano selections, Dr. Roberts; vocal
duet, Miss Mabel Griffin and Mr. Reed; har
monica, guitar and mandolin specialties;
vocal solo, Mrs. 9hriner. A one-act farce, com
posed by Miss Lottie A. Dwyer, entitled "The
Flanigans' Quarrel," made a decided hit,
with Mi-s Dwyer as Mary Ann Flanigan and
Clarence Sutherland as Barney Flauigan. The
farce concluded with some original comic
specialties. Character song, P. Brudy; comic
sketches and songs, Harry Burgess. The en
tertainment concluded with a one-act sketch
entitled "The Haunted Room," with H. Bur
gess cast as the tenant, P. Brady as the teacher
and C. Sutherland as the ghost.
A very enjoyable party was given by Miss M.
Rasmussen September 12 at her residence,
1322 Rhode Island street. Music and dancing
were among the features of the evening. Re
freshments were served at midnight. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Worm, Mr.
and Mrs. Beicroft, Mrs. Btrrell, Miss.Berrell,
the Misses Ida and Lillie Brockowsky, Miss
Lizzie Williams, the Miss's Louira and Nellie
Bergle, the Misst s Ida and Liihe Daniels, Miss
Alice Shereh, Misses Mary and Annie stanward,
Miss Jennie Johnson, Mrs. Walsn, Miss Hilda
Roseublad, Miss Gertie Summers, Miss Addie
Rosenbruck, the Misses Birst, Miss Minnie
Rasmussen, Miss M. Johnson, Mr. Ketr, Mr.
Kimball, Fred Kimball, David Kimball,
Charles Johnston, Fred Johnston, Frank Stan
ward, Will Bordurie, Martin Bordorie, Herman
Brockowsky, Henry Craig, Mr. Swain, Mr.
Urmland, Joe Breithaupt, Peter Hetrgolt,
Richard Gogell, Ed Connors, Albert Koaea
brock, Alfred Henderson. Charles Berson, Vic
tor Parrison, Joe Erickson, Mr. Johnson,
Charles Rasmussen, Henry Rasmusst-n, Fred
Rasmussen, Gus Rasmussen, Mr. Westerlund.
A domino surprise party was tendered Miss
Mac H. Roberts at her residence ou Baker
street last Thursday evening, September 17.
Among those present were: Misses Anuie
Armstrong, Dollie Wyants, Ellie Wright, Nel
lie Casey, Minnie Diivis, A'dele Smith, Maud
Casey, Hettie Wood, GrHce Adams, Kate Alex
ander, Francis Roberts, Bessie Cole, Ada
Kelly, May Wheeler, Rita lountr, Mabel
Tnom;is, Margaret Bertin, Eva Stanley, Mrs.
Stanley, Mrs. Wheeler, Mrs. Clarkson, George
Young, Lto Brooks, James Hill, George
Wright, Edward Cole, Charles A.lams, Robert
Smith, Russell Little, Will Sanderson, Mr. |
Clarkson, F. Howard, Henry Philips, W. Pratt,
J. A. Tobin, Charles Wyants, Arthur Cole, W.
Alexander, R. McDonald, Bun Wiison, George
Lewis, John Roberts, Mr. Sawyer nnd R- Bertin.
Thursday evening, September 17, a very en
joyable birthday party was given by Mrs.
Jeunie Griffin. 412 Jones street, to Axel Miller,
who has just completed his nineteenth year, i
The house was beautifully decorated with ever- i
greens aud La France roses. Music and danc
ing were the ieatures ot the evening. At 12
o'clock they adjourned to the dining-room,
where an elegant banquet was spread.
The sues's present were Mrs. Jennie Griffin,
Mrs. S. Golden, Mr. and Mrs. Hoitz, Miss Jen
nie KiJd. Miss Mazie Golden, Miss Mabel Nor
ton, Miss Celia Wolff, Miss Jessie Roderhouse,
Axel Miller, Joe Griilin. George Griffin, Louis
Aiborelli, William Ruddiek, Emil Merz, Charles
Jenkins, Joe Lapham, J. A. Simmi, William
Kiotz, Robert Carson.
Bay City Lodge No. 71, I. O. O. F. enter
tained the Veierau Odd Fallows. California
Rebekah Degree Lodge and Loyai Rebi-kah De
gree Lodge on Tuesday evening, the 15th inst.
After tne visitors were appropriately wel
comed by the noble grand, WMliam Roth, the
following programme was given: Lute solo,
by Professor S. Adelsteln; the Knickerbocker
Quartet, Messrs. Lawrence, Eliot, Crane and
Lrtrson, sang several selections; vocal solo,
Mrs. E. Mngner: harmonica solo, Past Grand
William Cline; zither solo, by the Regensbur
ger brothers; tenor solo, by D. M. Lawrence of
the Knickerbocker Quartet, and Diano solo, by
Prolessor Martin Shultz.
Speeches were made by the following: the
president of the Veteran Odd Fellows; the
noble grand of California Rebekah Lodge aud
vice-grand of Loyal Rebekah Lodge; also by
Grand Secretary Shaw, Past Grand M. P. Woif
of Bay City Lodge, Past Grand Master Simp
son, Mrs. Peterson, district deputy of the Re
bekahs; Past Grand Linforth, and others.
During the intermission refreshments were
served.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
The latest arrivals at the Hotel de Redwood
are: Mr. and Mrs. Franklin A. Smith, H. A.
P.edfield. Miss Mamie O'Neil, Miss Kate O'N'eil,
Mit-s Jessie McKep, Mr. and- Mrs. 'J . E. Clark,
E. Nob c, Mrs. Helen If. Jones, Mrs. Walter
Ehrenberg, Mr. and Mrs. Allison C. Nile*
The artist, Allison C. Niles, and bride (nee
Morrison), are passing their honeymoon
at Hotel de Redwood.
NEW TO-DAT.
-~ ' Jp fr3 fhiXtd<&~rri&rri VVIX «-
\ Back to I
| Beauty's I
j Bower, j
Mrs. Harrison is hem: again jfj
looking lovelier than ever, tier ®
trip to the principal Eastern $
cities in search of the beautiful x
and to review the work, of h r «>
i> branch offices gave her a much ® j
\ needed change and rest. Fresh S
| from her trip, with new ideas ® I
t and new helps, she is better ®
| than ever prepared to treat «
i) lovely women who would be ® i
•> lovelier, and homely women .® i
5 who would be beautiful. ®
i Free Treatment, i
I For one week I will give free f,
5) treatment at my parlors for ® !
» Pimples, Blackheads, Freckles, ®
§ etc. Come and see what I can S ;
3) da for you. I have the largest w
$ Dermatologieal ;; Institute in w j
§ America and its resources are «
% free to you this week, to show ®
$ you what I can do. (•)
I LOLA WONTEZ CREME, I
$ The g-eet ."-kin Food. Tissue Bu Ider '•O
S and beautifier. feeds the impoverished ®'
» skin, removes all Impurities, restoring ® '
•) the natural beauty oi youth. (•) :
g 7sc a jar. Impugn for 3 months. <f)
I . COUrOX-Trlal Pot-FltliE. »
|) .Ladies out of town sendine this A
§ ad. and lOw in stamps will receive &l
« a trial pot of Lola Montez Creme Si
5) . and a box cf Face Powder FREh. • (S '
ll 4-DAY HAIR RESTORER. I
H . rS .' H ? rriBOn>s 4 -<lav Hair Restorer i
I is just whut ( ts name imtMies-lt irive« 8
ft back to gray or fade i hair its natural Si i
1 SUPERFLUOUS I
HAIR I
Destroyed lVimrnrntiy by th« «
Electric Needle. T *{|
| Mrs. nettTeharrison I
Dermatologist, ©'
40-42 deary Street, San Francisco. S
CLUB PARTIES
AND RECEPTIONS
Fashionable Organizations
Prepare to Open the
Season.
The Western Addition Literary
and Social Club Enter
tains
Candy Sale and Musicale for the
Benefit of the Maria Kip
Orphanage
The regular monthly meeting of the West
ern Addition Literajy and Social Club drew a
large and fashionable audience to Native
Bons" Hall on Wednesday evening. The fol
lowing excellent programme was presented:
Overture, orchestra; recitation, selected,
Miss Etta Butler; tenor solo, "Keep Thy Heart
for Me" (Balfe), William M. Ogilvie; violin
solo, selec.ed, Miss Ethel Jones; vocal selec
tions, F Company, Hawaiian sextet. Comedy :
"A 1 ramatic Evening," by John Kendrick
Bangs — Thaddeus Perkins (a victim), Alfred A.
Buriini; Edward Bradley (a friend in disguise),
Joseph A.Fogarty; Robert Yardsley(an amiable
villain). Aruiur W. Jones; John Barlow (trie
amiable villain's assistant), William Wallace;
Mrs. Thaddeus Perkins (a martyr). Miss Mabel
Haseitine; Mrs. Edward Bradley (a woman of
executive ability), Miss E. Butler; Joseph (the
Butler), George B. Crandall.
Dancing concluded the evening's enterteln
mem.
The Ferndale Club held a very pleasant re
ception on Tuesday evening, SeptemDer 8, at
Manc-rbaum Hall. The evening was passed in
dancing and games until midnight, when the
guests repaired to the banquet hall, where
they partook of a bountiful repast. After sup
per games and dancing were resumed until an
early hour. The guests present were: Misa
Marie lianavun, Miss Madge Hanavan, Miss
Fanny Bulman, Mis 3 Julia Kennetick, Mies
Marguerite Michel, Miss Maggie Ryan, Mjss An
nie Wacnter, Miss Belle Boutes, Miss Susie
O'Donneii, Miss E. Walters, Miss Lottie Law
rence, Miss Alice Rodjrers, MKs May Rodgers,
Miss Hattie McMenoniy, Miss Gussie Laver
ence, and many others.
Mrs. Evan J. Coleman, 1450 Sacramento
street, has most generously tendered the use
01 her home on Saturday, October 10, betweeu
the houis of 2 and 6 and 8 and 11 p. m., for a
candy sale and musicale for tne benefit of the
bui'.ding fund ot the Muria Kip Orphanage.
The Loring Club has issued invitations for
the first concert of the twentieth season to be
held on Tuesday evening, September 22, at
Odd Fellows' Mall.
Alta Parlor No. 3, N. D. G. W., will give an
entertainment and dance in the banquet-hall
of the Native Sons' building, Thursuay even
ing, October 22.
The next musicnle of the Arion Verein will
take place Saturday evening, September 26.
The ciub will be assisted by .Miss Neubeit and
th-j Easenible Quartet.
The Theatrical Employes' Union will give
their first annual outing at Germania Gar
dens ana Presidio Athletic Grounds Sunday,
October 4.
The baseball game between the Tivoll
Opera-house and Orpheum Theater clubs, Fer
ris Hartman as umpire, will be called at 10:30
a. M. Afternoon game, Morning Calls vs. Ex
aminers, will be called at 2p. if. Dancing and
games at Germania Gardens from 1 to 6 P. M.
Music by Blum's band. Valuable gate priies
will be distributed.
Borromean Council No. 129, Young Men's
Institute, will give an entertainment and so
cial in Mission Parlor Hail, on Seventeenth
street, on Friday evening. October 23.
Court Occidental Xo. 6676, Ancient Order of
Fore>ter^, held their annual reunion at A. O.
F. Hall on Thursday evening. Music anddanc
it.g made the evening pass pleasantly.
James A. Garn\>ld Relief Corps No. 21 enter
tained its friends at a "campfiro" at Social
Hall on Tuesday evening. A large number of
guests enjoyed the hospitality ol the corps.
urw to-dat:
_
< SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGQIONI KID (JLOVES.
Startling
Values
T r\
In Our
Underwear
Department.
Profit and cost lost sight
of in our Great Sale of
Underwear This "Week.
Nothing like it ever
offered to the public of
San Francisco.
These are but a few of the many
Big Bargains to be had at
this Great Sale :
Ladies' Silk Vests,
Swiss ribbed, in low neck and no Crt*
i sleeves, in all colors, worth 85c Out
each. .Sale price..............*...,,. Each.
Ladies' Ribbed Vests,
 In Egyptian cotton, high neck and
long sleeves and low neck and no OC«
sleeves, color ecru, worth 50c each.
Sale price Each.
Ladies' Combination Suits,
! Ribbed Merino, high neck and
long sleeves, iv white, natural <t1 F^O
and black, worth $2 25 a suit. *pi««-' v
Sale price ■...; a Suit.
Ladies' Combination Suits,
In wool, Swiss ribbed, high
neck and short sieeves and ,«.•%
low neck and no sleeves, in CO QO
• white and natural, regular *p^"^ >y^
price $3 75 & suit. Sale price. A suit.
"Badger's" Underwear.
. Misses', , Ribbed Wool Vests and fiQr*
..... Pantalettes, regular price $1-0 V V V"'
.'I each. Closing-out price i&ch v
Ladici' Ribbed Wool Combination Suits.
, In high nook and short CO 50
sleeves, regular price $3 65. *Pf i '~7
Closins-oui price a ami.
See Display of Underwear In our Show
Windows This Week. 1 .
»c« our Latest Styles In Velllngs-JUS*
Out.
NEWMAN & LEML
185. 187, 139, 131 Kearny Street.
BIIANCU SXOIU3— aud ,44 Market StEMILY DICKINSON
LETTERS AND POEMS OF A LONELY
NEW ENGLAND VOHAN WHO
BELIEVED IN "ART
FOR TRUTH"
A recent publisher's nete to the effect that
the large sale of Father Tabb's poems, now in
their fifth edition, was paralleled among
American poets only by the demand for the
posthumous volume of Emily Dickinson, re
calls the work of the singular and gifted New
England woman. There appears to be an in
teresting coincidence in this fact, in view of
Father Tabb's remark, quoted by The Book
man, that "of late American poets there is
none worthy to go down to posterity except
Miss Dickinson . " Her poems appeared several
years ago, four years after their author's deatn.
Her recently published Letters, edited by
Mabel Loomis Todd, reveal in part the strange
personality of the woman who for years and
from her own choice never stepped outside her j
father's house.
Emily Dickinson was born in Amherst,
Mass., in the year 1830. There seems to nave
been nothing exceptional about her girlhood.
Her father was & prosperous man, for years
treasurer of Amherst College, and at one time
a member of Congress. The pictures of her
home show us an attractive colonial house,
spacious and dignified, surrounded by spread
ing eim trees. There were three children-
Austin, Emily and Lavinia. Their mother was
apparently a sensible and practical New Eng
land woman with little time for sentiment.
Emily aa a young girl appears to have had a
hapr>y life. Her education was begun at the
village "academy" and "finished" by & year
at Mount Holyoke. Her letter! at this time
are tne letters of the average schoolgirl and
show no trace of the epigrammatic transcen
dentalism which marks them later. Neither is
there any trace of the shyness which became a
passion in her after life. She seems to have
joined in the social life of her mates and lived
the normal life of the young woman of that
time. Her early friend, Mrs. Ford, to whom
some of her letters are addressed, prefaces
their publication by a short sketch of Emily's
girlhood. According to Mrs. Ford she was one
of a circle of talented young girls, several of
whom became lamous in after years. Fanny
Montague, the art critic, was one, and another
was Helen Fiske, who wrote under the pen
name, "H. H.," and whose death in San Fran
cisco a few years ago was a sad loss to Ameri
can letters. Emily Dickinson, strange to say,
was the wit of the group and furnished the
funny items for the school paper. The only
hint she gave her friend of her future strange
aloofness from her fellows was by asking her
one day if it did not make her shiver to hear
some people talk '-as though they took all the
clothes off their souls." Not until she is about
20 do we fiad symptoms of that later malady —
if malady be the word for her almost fierce se
clusion.
The friend who most helped to form her
girlish aspirations was a teacher in the acad
emy, a Mr. Leonard Humphrey, who was a
few years older than herself. He was a gradu
ate of Amherst and had showed unusual in
tellectual ability and penetration. A letter
to a friend at this time briefly records his
death. His name is only mentioned twice in
the course of her whole correspondence and
once in a letter to her literary godfather, Mr.
Higginson. She says, '"My dying tutor told
me he would like to live till I had been a
poet." This was twelve years after his death 1
We cannot help wondering whether this was
not the key of those minor cadences to which
her life was henceforth set. It seems almost a
sort of sacrilege to try to pierce that reserve
in which she veiled herself. There are souls
as tremulous as sensitive plants. A year
later in a letter to the same friend she de
clines a proffered invitation, saying: "I don't
go from home unless emergency leads me by
the hand, and then I do it obstinately and
draw back if I can."
There is no hint as vet of her writing
poetry. About this time her brother, Austin,
left home and college to take a position in Bos
ton. Her letters to him are delightfully clever,
full of wit, with an undercurrent of sadness
and loneliness, ostensibly because of his being
gone. In these letters we begin to detect the
beat of words, the sense of cadence which
marks her poetry rather than perfect rhyme
or meter. Even in homely sentences one per
ceives the writer to have that "ear for words"
which is somewhat rarer than an ear for mu
sic. However, it need not take a verse-maker
to write in that manner. This fragment from
a letter to her cousin, on the death, in his first
battle, of a friend's son, suggests the poet:
"Poor little widow's boy, riding to-night in
the mad wind, back to the village Durying
ground, where he never dreamed of sleeping.
Ah, the dreamless sleep!"
Her letters to her Drother detail the family
and neighborhood doings, with here and there
a suggestion of her growing dislike of meeting
people. She mentions a great village fete on
the opening of the new railroad. "They all
said it was fine. I 'spose' it was. I sat in Pro
fessor Tyler's woods and saw the train move
off, and then came home for fear somebody
would see me or ask me how I did. Dr. Holland
was here and called to see us." "Dr. Holland"
was J. G. Holland, the well-known author and
later the editor of the Century Magazine. A
visit to the Hollands a short time after this
was one of the few she ever made. Her letters
to them are extremely interesting and show a
constantly increasing brilliancy.
The letters to her young cousins in the begin
ning of the second volume show the womanly
and affectionate side of her nature, that had
no warp in its attitude toward those she loved, j
But by far the most fascinating letters of all j
are those addressed to Thomas Wentworth j
Higgint«on. With her constantly increasing
seclusion the necessity for some expression
seemed to grow. She made no occupation of
writing, but while busy with her house duties
or her sewing— for she was pre-eminently a
practical, capable New England woman— she
would jot down the thoughts that came to her
in fragments of verse, writing them often on
the margin of newspapers or the backs of old
envelopes. There was no system or order in
her production and no thought of publication.
Any sort of publicity would have been unbear
able to the woman, whose shrinking from the
eyes of strangers was so great that she re
sorted to all sorts of devices to avoid address
ing her letters in her own hand. Some
times she used newspaper labels, or if
tnese were not to be had, one of
the family performed the office for her.
Her penmanship, of which a fac-simile is given,
seems characteristic of her isolation, each let
ter standing alone. Writing for herself alone
it was not to be expected that her verses
should be finished in form. Indeed it is doubt
ful whether she understood anything of the
theory or technique of poetry. But, as one of
her critics said: "When a thought takes our
breath away, a lesson in grammar 6eemsan lm- i
pertinence." And though her poems may be
fragmentary in form, they are never so in sub
stance. Each contains a distinct thought.
As, for example, this:
Presentiment Is that long shadow on the lawn
Indicative that sunn go down:
The notice to the startled grass
1 hat darkness Is about to pass.
After a time the desire to have some compe
tent authority pass judgment upon her work
grew so strong that it lea her to do what many
with a far less sensitive temperament would
have shrunk from doing. She had come to
have a great admiratiou for the work and the
critical ability of Mr. Higginson, who was
then connected with the Atlantic Monthly,
and she wrote him the following letter, inclos
ing some of her poems :
'•Mr. Higginson: Are you too deeply occupied
to say if my verse is alive?
■'The mind is so near itself that it cannot see
distinctly, and I have none to ask.
"Should you think it breathed and had you
the leisure to tell me, I should feel quick grat
itude.
"If I make the mistake, that you dared to
tell me would give me sincerer honor toward
you.
"I inclose my name, asking you, If you
niease, sir, to tell me what is true?
"I inclose my name, asking you, If you
niease, sir, to tell me what is true?
"That you may not betray me It is needles,
to ask, since honor is its own pawn."
We can i-nagine how startled and interested
Mr. Higginson must have been by the receipt
of such a letter. It might have been written
by an Emerson or a poet of the Concord school
and reminds us that the author was reared in
the same montal atmosphere. Mr. Higginson's
answers have, unfortunately, not been pre
served. It would have been interesting to
read the response he made to this singular
and powerfully ivorded appeal for his criti
cism. We can surmise the gist of his answer
by the second letter from Miss Dickinson. She
thanks him for his kindness and for his "sur
gery." He had evidently pointed out that her
poems were very irregular in form.
"You asked how old I was? I made no
verse but one or two until this winter, sir.
• • • You inquire my books. For poets I
have Keats and Mr. and Mrs. Browning. For
prose Mr. RuskiD, Sir Thomas Browne and the
Revelations. • • •"
A small company of friends was that, but an
excellent one. No wonder Ruskin was her in
timate. She was a true disciple of the man
who wrote:
No weight, nor mass, nor beauty of execution
can outweigh one grain or fragment of thought.
Yet I do not believe that Emily Dickinson
was ever consciously defiant of rules. She
rather never considered them at all, and
sought only to express the thought which
grappled her. Sometimes this was done in
strikingly homely phraseology, as in the poem:
Death is a dialogue between
The oplrlt and the dust.
"Dissolve," says Death, the spirit. "Sir,
I have another trust."
Death doubts It, argues from the ground
The Spirit turns away,
Just laying off, for evidence.
An overcoat of clay.
The "overcoat of clay" is stronger and comes
more freshly home to the mind than any of
the usual phrases, such as the body being a"gar
ment to be laid aside," or the like, which have
been said so often that we have mostly lost the
feeling out of them. If Emily Dickinson had
written to-day, she would have found herself
in the full sweep of the art movement, which
contends for originality and freshness of ex
pression, at the sacrifice of every art lorm —
instead of the hackneyed, which is powerless
to really express.
Her letter goes on :
"I went to school, but, In your manner of the
phrase, had no education. When a little girl I
had a friend who taught me immortality; but
venturing too near himself he never returned.
"You ask of my companions. HillF, sir, and
the sundown and a dog large as myself that
my father bought me. They are better than
beings, because they know but do not tell, and
the noise in the pool at noon excels my piano.
"I have a brother ana sister. My mother
does not care for thought, and father— too
busy with his briefs to notice what we do. He
buys me many books, but begs me not to read
them, because he fears they joKele the mind.
They are religious, except me, and address an
eclipse every morning, whom they call their
father. • • •
"I have had few pleasures so deep as your
opinion, and if I tried to thank you my tears
would block my tongue.
"My dying tutor told me that he would like to
live till I had been a poet, but death was as
much of a mob as I could master then. And
when, far afterward, a sudden light on
orchards or a new fashion in the wind troubled
my attention I felt a palsy here, the verses just
relieve."
If Emily Dickinson had never written any
verse these letters would have stamped
her a poet. Mr. Howells has said that "if noth
ing else had come out of our life but this
strange poetry we should feel that in the work
of Emily Dickinson America, or New England
rather, nad made a distinctive addition to the
literature of the world, and could not be left
out of any record of it."
In this same letter sne osks Mr. Higginson if
he "has time to be her friend." This was the
beginning of» a correspondence and of a
friendship which lasted over thirty years, j
until the day of her death, and during all that
time Mr. Higginson only saw her facetwice.
At first he tried to Doint out her imperfections
of rhyme and meters, but he soon ceased,
recognizing here a quality beyond all mere
form. In one letter he must have told her
that her vision was "beyond his knowledge."
or she answers, " You say ' Beyond your
knowledge.' You would not jest with me;
but, preceptor, you cannot mean it?" Mr.
Higginson's interest in the strange genius of
his correspondent led him to visit Amherst.
He has described his call upon Miss Dickinson
in the pages of tne Atlantic. Her shyness and
aloofness were so great that he felt nearer to her
in letters than in conversation. He says that
for.years she never passed beyond her father's
garden, and there were literally years when
her foot never crossed her own doorstep. In
spite of this fact she is said to have been a
gracious and dignified hostess on those occa
sions, once a year, when her father in his offi
cial capacity gave a reception to the faculty
and seniors of Amherst College. Mr. Howells,
however, records that later in her life she
could not even once a year endure -this strain,
and would often sit in a back room, her face
turned from her guests.
Early in life she revolted from the orthodox
creed, but she was none the less dominated by
her austere Puritan ideals. Strongest among
these was an intense craving for sincerity, to
gether with a loathing for cam and social
hypocrisy. In her poem called "Real" she has
expressed this with daring force:
I like a look of agony
Because I know it's true;
Men do not sham convulsion
Nor simulate a thro".
The eyes glaze over, and that la death—
Impossible to feign;
The beads upon the forehead.
By homely anguish strung.
Hamilton Aide reviewed her poems at length
in the Nineteenth Century Magazine. He
lamented their technical imperfections, say
ing they were too often "like pearls in pack
thread," but he did full justice to her power
of imagination — her "gift of seeing." That is,
after all, the iundt<mehtnl quality of the poet.
Manner if — or shou.d be— accessory to that.
She resembles Emily Brant in work and in
Character morr nearly than any other woman
writer. It seemed fitting that Colonel Higgin
son should read over her grave the "Last
Lines" of her i-ister poet. Grace S. Musses.
AN UNNAMED POEM.
By Kmily Dickinson-
I died for beauty, bu:. was scare*
Adjusted in the tomb.
When one who died f«r truth was Uld
Jn an adjoining room.
He questioned softly why I failed »
"For beauty," I replied.
•And I for truth, the two are one;
We brethren are," he said.
A nd so. as ktnimen met a night,
We talked between the rooms.
Until the moss had reached our lipg,
And covered up our names.
■♦
I SHALL KNOW.
Bt Emily Dickinson.
I shall know why. when time in over,
And 1 have ceased to wonder why:
Christ will explain each separate anguish,
In the fair schoolroom of the nkv.
He will tell me what Peter promised.
And I, for wonder at his woe,
I shall forget the drop of anguish
That scald* me now. ilia, scalds me now.
•—• — ♦ — ♦■
Miss Julia Magruder's new novel, "The Vio
let," will be published by Messrs. Longmans,
Green «fe Co., in; September, with illustrations
by Charles Dana Gibson.
THE SAW FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
'^^j^^^ '^-^^j^^JS^L^ -DRY^GOODS. . • .*: i: 4 .-;■
oiMJgWrWl^ToaqDsToraf^
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
At 25 Cents.
82 pieces 40-inch FIGURED CASHMERE
SUITING, in all the latest shades, will
be placed on sale at 25c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
54 pieces 52-inch ALL-WOOL SCOTCH
HEATHER SUITING, in diagonal
and mottled effects, will be placed on
sale at 50c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
44 pieces 46-inch HEAVY ALL-WOOL
NOVELTY BOUCLE SUITING, ele-
gant assortment of colorings, will be
placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00.
37 pieces 50-inch ALL-WOOL NOVELTY
FRENCH SUITING, rough effects,
two-toned colorings, will be placed on
sale at $1 a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT !
At 75 Cents a Yard.
30 pieces BROCADED IRIDESCENT
TAFFETA SILK, elegant designs, rich
colorings, good value lor SI 25, will be
placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents a Yard.
20 pieces BLACK FIGURED GROS
GRAIN SILK, new designs, extra
good value for $1, will be placed on
sale at 75c a yard.
At $1.00 a Yard.
15 piece* 24-inch BLACK DUCHESSE
SATIN, heavy quality, good value for
$1 50, will be placed on sale at $1 a
yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS.
At 37^ Cents.
2 cases FINE FIGURED ENGLISH MO-
HAIR, worth 60c, will be closed out at
37>^c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 44-inch EXTRA HEAVY ALL-
WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 75c,
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
At 50 Cents.
2 cases 43-inch ALL PURE WOOL
FRENCH NOVELTIES, worth 85c,
will be closed out at 50c a yard.
[Ml/ Murphy Building, ,/
Martet anfl Jones Streets,
DAVID STARR JORDAN.
THE BTORY OFTIIIi INNUMERABLE COM
PANY, and Other sketches. By David Starr
Jordan, prestaeni of Ltsnml Stamord Jr Uni
versity, tsai; Francisco: The Whltaker 4 Ray
Company, publishers; clothbound; price $1 25.
The volume before us is made up of separate
sketches, nine In number, historical or aile
gorical, "having in some degree a bond of
union in the idea of the 'higher sacrifice.'"
The substance of most of the sketches has
already been given in lectures by the versatile
head of Stanford University. "The Story of
i the Innumerable Caravan" is an allegorical
review of the religious creeds and beliefs of
the world, in their various pilgrimages, since
the birth of Christianity. The allegory is well
sustained. The journey over the mountains
and through the- forests and across the desert
of life to the distant river, the waters of which
every traveler must breast alone, was made by
One in early times by a way so fair that the
me mory of it became a part of the story of the
land. He left a Chart behind for the puidance
of those who should come after him, but some
who tried to follow him said that the Chart
was not explicit enough, and marked out
every step of the way. Then discord arose, and
new Charts were made, resulting in great con
fusion, until many despised and threw their
Charts away. As time passed on the way grew
brighter, and men saw that most of the diffi
culties and dangers of the way were those
which they unwittingly had made for them
selves or others. The light of wisdom shone
along the way; men held the old Chart more
in reverence than ever before. No longer did
men say, "This path have 1 taken; this way
must thou go."
And someone wrote upon the Chart this single
rule of the forest: "Choose thou thfne own best
way, and help thy neighbor to find that way
which for him Is best." But this was erased at
last; for beneath it they found the older, plainer
words, which One In earlier limns had written
there. "Thy neighbor as thyself."
"The Story of the Passion" is a description
of the famous Miracle Play as it is to-day mod
ernized and perfected at Oberammergau. The
author shows a respect akin to admiration for
the simple, pious peasants In the Bavarian
Alps who endeavor to faithfully and artistic
ally represent the life and acts of Christ. The
sketch contains never a word nor a suggestion
which could possibly invite exception from
the most ardent believer In the divinity of the
holy Kazarene. The play is criticized in a
broad and generous way. Mr. Jordan declares
that only in the sense of historical continuity
can the Passion Play at Oberammergau be
characterized as a relic of medieval times;
that the spirit of the age has penetrated even
to that isolated valley, and that its Passion j
Play is as much a product of our century as
the poetry of Tennyson. The machinery of
superstition is done away with; harmony has
taken the place of crudity, and the Christ of
Oberammergau is the Christ of modern con
ception.
With reierence to such scenes as those ac
companying the crucifixion, the author ob
serves that a treatment less reverent than is
given by those peasants would make intoler
able blasphemy. In hisopinion the perfection
of the 'Passion Play" is its justification.
"It can never become a show," he concludes.
"It can never be carried to other countries.
It can never be given under other circum- j
stances. So loDg as its players are pure in
heart and humble in spirit so long can they
keep their well-earned right to show to the
world the tragedy of the cross."
"The California of the Padre" (an address
delivered at the Teachers' Institute, Monterey,
in 1893) pays a tribute to the early Spanish
missionaries, whose age of glory faded away,
but "leit no stain in the pages of our history."
"The Conquest of Jupiter Pen" tells how,
according to old chronicles, St. Bsrnard,
through the influence of charity and truth,
drove the spirits of evil from the Alps.
"The Last of the Puritans" (an address be
fore the California State Normal School, San
Jose, 1892) honors the memory of the |im
mortal hero, John Brown, "whose body lies
xnoldering in the grave," but "whose soul
goes marching on."
The writings of Ulrich yon Hutten, a con
temporary of Martin Luther in the great re
ligious struggle of four centuries ago, receive
the strongest praise. Hutten, with fiery pen,
fought for freedom of the spirit. This sketch
is entitled "A Knight of the Order of Poets."
A plea for "Nature Study as a Means of Moral
— — — — — — i ,
Having received the great bulk of our MAMMOTH FALL IMPORTATIONS
we open the week with THE MOST EXTENSIVE, THE MOST EXCLUSIVE
AND THE MOST ARTISTICALLY BEAUTIFUL COLLECTION OF NEW
STYLES AND NOVELTIES ON EXHIBITION, and in inviting an early inspec-
tion of this PEERLESS DISPLAY we offer an additional attraction in the
shape of the following UNMISTAKABLE BARGAINS from the GREAT $300,-
-000 STOCK NOW BEING CLEARED OUT and various lines of NEW GOODS
AT UNMATCHABLY LOW PRICES!
HANDKERCHIEFS !
At 5 Cents Each.
600 dozen LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
COLORED BORDERED HEM-
STITCHED, white hemstitched- and
revered, and white hemstitched with
lace insertion or edged Handkerchiefs,
regular price $1 per dozen, will be
closed out at 5c each.
At 10 Cents Each.
250 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCAL-
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed oat
at 10c each.
At 15 Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $3
a dozen, will be closed out at 15c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 12^ Cents.
125 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MIXED-WOOL
SOCKS, with double heels and toes,
in sanitary gray, extra value for 20c,
will be closed out at 12>^c a pair.
At 50 Cents.
96 dozen MEN'S SANITARY WOOL
AND HEAVY MIXED CAMELS'
HAIR UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, special value, usual price 85c,
will be closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
76 dozen MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMBS'
WOOL UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, warranted undyed and thor-
oughly shrunk, worth $1 25, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
55 dozon MEN'S MIXED AUSTRALIAN
WOOL AND CAMEL8 1 HAIR UN-
DERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, war-
ranted non-slirinkabie, regular price
$1 50. will be closed out at $1 each.
ml/ Murphy Building, /
Market anil Jones Streets.
Culture" and "The Higher Sacrifice" are ad
dresses delivered this year. A poem, "The
Bubbles of Sake," concludes the volume
which is dedicated to Mrs. Jessie Knight Jor
dan, wife oi the author.
A BRIGHT VOLUME
SOAF BUBBLES. By Max Nordaa. New York:
>. Tennyson Neely. publisher. For sale by the
Emporium Book Department; price, 75 cents.
Here is a bright little volume of short stories
by the author of "Degeneration." They make
excellent reading for leisure moments." There
are ten stories in the book. <=Cant and Hum
bug" is a humorous tale of English selfish
ness and American thriftincss. "Wife
vs. Native Land" shows how a wan
may quit smoking for spite, but not
for love. "All Hadji Effendi" relates to the
adventures of a wandering fanatic of Islam.
"The Cross at the Corner" describes the
religions devotion ol a aged Hungarian and
"The Altar Painting" the love-tragedy of an
Italian artist. "A Christmas Eve in Paris"
gives a pathetic incident of suffering in the
Franco-Prussian war during the siege of
Paris. "The Stepmother" is an ingenious dis
cu^ion of that much-abused matron; and
"Pas de Chance" (No Chance) tells the story of
a girl found in a morgue. "How the Fox
hunter Fared in England" has a traeic and
humorous denouement, turning upon the
Briton's mode ol fox hunting; and "Within an
Inch of Eternity" relates how a prison phy
sician's hair turned white in a night from
horror Inflicted on him by two escaped prison
ers. The translator is Mary J. Safford. The
cover is of unique and attractive design and
the large clear type and heavy paper are
additional points in the book's favor.
THE MEANING OF LIFE.
THE PERFECT WHOLE -By Horatio W
Dresser. Boston: George H. Ellis, oubliaher.
For sale by lending book-dealers; 260 pares
cloth; price $1 00. " '
Simplicity of language and distinctness of
thought are characteristics of Mr. Dresser's
writings, and this essay on the conduct and
meaning of life wil! enhance his reputation as
a thinker and as a sincere friend of humanity.
With becoming modesty the author claims no
originality for his essay, but in his thoughtful
appreciation of the wisdom of the ages he has
taken advantage of "the best that has been
thought and said" in the pas*. He has lent
the fresh value of personal experience to em
phasize the problem of problems and has
given a full and frank expression of individual
conviction. The purpose of the book at hand
is threefold— psychological, metaphysical and
practical. As a psychological analysis it is es
pecially concerned with the higher or spiritual
nature of man. As a philosophical dis
cussion, It aims to develop a generally sound
view of reality by » consideration of material
ism, agnosticism and mysticism "In the light
of their shortcomings when compared with the
demands both of reason and the spiritual
sense." It points out many important distinc
tions essential to a just view of life and indi
cates the dangers of all one-Sided conceptions
of the universe. It is an urgent appeal to life,
a plea for the realization of ethics and the
application of spiritual law in every moment
of existence. Its threefold purpose and its
individual confessions of faith are alike sub
servient to the one central idea for which it
stands— the unity of all that exists in an ulti
mate spiritual reality. The author declares
that, with true spiritual insight, "the whole
wide universe of beings and things is seen to
be one piece in the great life of God, whose
infinite beauty, love and goodness receive
their full manifestation in that unsearchable
whole whose name is eternity."
A MAN'S SUCCESS IN LIFE.
THE HIGHEK EDUCATION A 8 A TRATN
ING FOR BUSINESS. By Harry Pratt Jud
ton. Philadelphia: Henry Altemus, publisher
price 30 cents. '
The author admits that there are many suc
cessful men who never entered college and
that scholars are often poor business men, and
he maintains that success in business is quite
distinctly not the chief aim in the higher edu
cation. An excellent man of business may bo
a bad citizen, a bad father and an unhappy
man. One may succeed in business and yet
even in his own judgment make a failure of
life; and it is possible to fail in business and
yet make life a glorious success. Business is a
LADIES' KID GLOVES.
At 35 Cents.
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in
black only, regular value $1, will be
closed out at 35c a pair.
At 75 Cents.
284 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
ING KID GLOVES, embroidered
backs and large buttons, colors and
black, regular value $1 25, will be closed
out at 75c a pair.
At $1.00.
124 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID
GLOVES (extra quality), colors red,
brown and tan, regular value $1 50,
will be closed out at $1 a pair.
RIBBONS! RIBBONS?
At 5 Cents.
No. 7 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, assorted colors,
value 10c, will be closed out at 5c a
yard.
At 7M Cents.
No. 12 ALL-SILK, SATIN AND GROS-
GRAIN RIBBON, in assorted colors,
value 15c, will be closed out at 7>£c a
yard.
OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
COLLARETTES, finest quality feath-
ers and at lowest prices.
BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER
BOAS, 36, 45 and 54 inch, best quality
and at lowest prices.
COQUE FEATHER BOAS, 45- inch, at $1,
$1 50 and $1 75 each.
UU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets.
means to an end, and that end is a p. od all
around life. To succeed in business and to
succeed in life are two things that should be
conjoined, and as modern life is very complex
success is no small thing and implies no small
knowledge.
"The dreamer is out of date," exclaims Mr,
Judson. "Men must be thinking and doing
with nervous energy. Their minds are wide
awake. The pace is set by steam now and not
by oxen. People are no longer provincial.
Tne whole world belongs to everybody."
"One who would fill any considerable place
in^the world must understand the world is
more than a fragmentary waif, and that un
derstanding implies a wide and varied train
ing."
Tne successful business man must have four
prime qualifications — industry, intelligence,
acuteness and reliability.
"The well-trained college man," declares
the author, "knows how to work patiently and
hard; how to wrestle with new questions; how
to keep at a thing until he masters it, and this
is the very essence of the habit of business.
The higher education gives just the training
in industry which a business life demands."
The essay is worthy of the consideration of
parents who can afford to give their boys a
higher education, and who are nevertheless
undecided as to the advisability of doing so.
"If a boy is of the right sort," says Mr. Judson,
"he will at college form habits of methodical
industry quite as well as in the factory. He
will learn a larger intelligence than can be
given by mere business experience. His mind
will be trained to ready command of all its
fatalities. If, again, he is the right sort of boy
he will learn a high sense of honor. Beyond
all this, he vill become adapted for social life
in all its forms; he will De at home anywhere,
and he will have his ideas so broadened and
his tastes so cultivated that he will know how
to make the most of life wherever he is. He
will be a larger part of the community."
LITERARY NOTES.
George Kennsn has written three short
stories for the coming volume of St. Nicholas.
One is called "How the Bad News Came to
Siberin," and describes how Mr. Kennan and
his comrades, while at wort on the Russian
Overland Telegraph, received news of the com
pletion of the Atlantic cable. This, of course,
ruined and brought to a sudden stop the en
terprise in which they were engaged. Another
story, called -'My Narrowest Escape," is an ac
count of an exciting adventure in Russia. The
first of the stories will appear in the Novem
ber St. Nicholas.
Among D. Appleton & Co.'s September publi
cations will be, "What Is Electricity?" by Pro-
I fessor John Trowbridge of Harvard University,
a new volume in the International Scientific
Series; "Alterations in Personality," by Al
fred Binet, with an introduction by Professor
J. Mark Baldwin; "Fiat Money in France"
(new edition), by Andrew D. White; "Tne
Statement of Stella Maberly," by F. Anstey;
"A Court Intrigue," Dy Basil Thompson, and
'The Idol-Maker," by Adeline Sergeant.
It is proposed to erect in Paris a monument
of Paul Verlaine. A bust by Niederhausen is
to be placed in the Luxembourg Gardens,
near the statue of Henri Murger. The money
is to be raised by international subscription.
Stephane Mallarme is president of the com
mittee and the Chap Book has been appointed
to receive subscriptions in America.'
Mr. Hope will furnish a sequel to "The
Prisoner of Zenda" after aIL It will be called
"The Constable of Zenda."
Every article in the October Scribner's ex
cept Barries serial will be by an American
author, and the subjects are strongly Ameri
can and of timely interest and importance,
such as "The Government of Greater New
York," "The Expenditure of Rich Americans,"
"The New York Working-gin," "The Sculpture
of Olin Warner," "Tne American Lighthouse
System, " etc.
E. L. Godkin, editor of the New York Even
ing Post, in an article on "The Expenditure of
Rich Men" in the October Scribner's, says that
rich Americans, by building great houses for
a display of their wealth, excite envy, hatred
and malice, and he advises them to avoid
this by expending it in erecting great public
monuments, such as picture-galleries, mu
seums, arches, statuary, etc., which will per
petuate their names and rid them completely
of the imputation of selfishness.
HOSIERY ! HOSIERY !
At 20 Cents.
175 dozen BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COT-
TON BICYCLE HOSE, extra heavy,
made specially for boys' wear, worth $4
per dozen, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 20 Cents.
150 dozen LADIES' BLACK MACO COT-
TON HOSE, extra high-spliced heels,
double toes, Hermsdorf black, always
sold 3 pair for $1, reduced to 20c a pair.
At 25 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD FINE
MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-
spliced heels, double toes, Hermsdorf
black, regular price 40c, reduced to 25c
a pair.
At 33^ Cents.
180 dozen LADIES' EXTRA HEAVY
BLACK COTTON HOSE, double heels
and toes, made with unbleached and
black feet," our regular price 50c, re-
duced to 3 pair for $1.
LADIES* SHIRT WAISTS.
At 50 Cents.
100 dozen LADIES' WAISTS, made of
good quality percale, in all fancy
shades, latest style poods, with bishop
sleeves, wortb $1 and $1 25, will be
closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, laundered collar and
cuffs, "Stanley waist,'' all fancy shades,
regular price $1 25 and $1 50, will be
closed out at 75c each.
At $1.00.
60 dozen LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT
WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and
striped and figured percales, this sea-
sons goods, regular price $2 and $2 50,
will be closed out at $1 each.
I/if Murphy Building, /
Martet and Jodss Streets.
AMERICAN WOMEN
GERTRUDE ATHERTON TELLS
WHY THEY FASCINATE
ENGLISHMEN
Gertrude Atherton In the London Daily News.
The fascination of Englishmen for
American women has been much discussed
of late, but the time is approaching when
the possession of England by American
women will prove a subject of far more
vital controversy. In fact, it threatens to
become one of the great international
questions, for it means the reconstruction
of two races. I understand that an effort
| is being made by the United States Gov-
I ernment to prevent its voting citizens
remaining abroad more than two years at
a time, that it is seriously alarmed at the
increasing thousands of Americans who
are settling in Europe. The United States
press has also half awakened to the fact
that the defection of its women means a
loss of something more than millions, al
though as yet its only suggestions in re
self-protection have been to impose a tax
on the dots of American heiresses marry
ing foreigners, and to create a domestic
peerage.
Meanwhile, what is the reason that at
the present moment American women
practically own London— that they set the
fashions — have, not to exaggerate, five ad
mirers to every English woman's one, and
the pick of the best men? A great many
obvious reasons have been advanced.
They are prettier, cleverer, more vivacious,
more natural, dress better — which is to
the eye what music is to the soul — have a
born and acute understanding of men, less
religion, above all more money.
These reasons are all good, but a little
analysis will show that they do not hold
water. Spanish and Austrian women are
more beautiful than Americans. The
French woman is equally clever and viva
cious, dresses as well, and what she does
not know about men is not worth record
ing. With the Catholic races, at least, re
ligion is an airy convention, not calculated
to make man wish that all women were
pagans, and there are heiresses all over
the world.
The one manifest Doint, therefore, upon
which the American woman is sui generis
is her naturalnees, her habit of thinking
out loud, her lack of self-consciousness,
of mannerism. All English women talk
as if they had studied elocution. An
American voice, even when trainante, has
the effect of spontaneity. And s© with
the manner, the habit of thought, the
quick, fresh way of looking at life.
But this quality, delightful as it is, is
hardly strong enough to constitute more j
than a passing charm, and the American '
woman's foothold in England is growing
firm as the years go by. She has come to
stay, and what is more no Englishman
seems to be terrified by his brother's
choice.
Under the obvious reason, or rather set
of reasons, there must then be a funda
mental and psychological reason. English
men rarely marry European women, with
all their manifold charms. They make
love in Paris, Vienna, Seville, Venice and
Yokohama, but the foreigner they marry
is the American. It must be, therefore,
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
At $3.50.
LADIES' VELVET, SILK OR CREPON
CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, fancy lin-
ing, trimmed with lace and jet, regu-
lar price $10; Special Sale price $3 50.
At $1.50.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS, in . black
and navy blue Kerseys and black clay
worsteds, fronts faced with silk, worth,
♦6; Special price to close out $1 50.;
At^i79O. .'.-'
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT CLOTH
SUITS, box jackets lined, skirts lined
with canvas, colors gray or brown mix-
tures, regular price for these suits was
$7 50; Special Sale price $4 90.
At $6.00. V
LADIES' HEAVY SEAL PLUSH RIP-
PLE CAPES, lined with silk, storm
collar trimmed with marten fur— a
stylish Fall wrap ; price $6.
At $5.00.
LADIES' BEAVER BOX JACKETS, in
black and navy, high collar, lap pock-
ets and new sleeves, value for $7; Spe«
, cial Sale price $5.
BLANKETS! BLANKETS !
GREAT SALE of the FINE WHITE
BLANKETS at less than mill cost.
These goods are slightly imperfect. The
imperfection consists of an oil spot in
their manufacture, or irregularity in the
weave. For practical purposes they are
perfect, first-class goods.
10-4 FINE WHITE OREGON
BLANKETS, a fine fabric,
beautifully made,' mill cos>t ©D £*X.
$4 35. Onsaleat $0.00
11-4 ' EXTRA GRADE FINE
EXHIBITION BLAN-
KETS, a large double-bed
width and first class in
every respect, mill cost ©/I HK
$6 12>$. Onsaleat $'*. I O
12-4 SUPER QUALITY
LAMBS-W OOL BLAN-
KETS, almost finest weave
produced, mill cost $8 10. $*(* (\f\
On saleat. ... ejpD.Ulr
11-4 WHITE EASTERN '
BLANKETS, very heavy
and fully 66 inches wide, O-f 6)K
value for $2. On sale at.... <$±»6O
SPECIAL! specials
About 2 cases FINE MISSION
MADE LAMB'S - W O O fie
WHITE BLANKETS, fully
68 inches wide, an elegant
iabric, value $7 50 a pair. G*A (\f\
On sale at «p-± t t/li
About 50 pairs 13-4 Mission
Mill's finest grade LAMB'S-
WOOL WHITE BLANK-
ETS, bound in deep silk
ribbon, value $15 a pair.<2»l f\ f\f\
On sale at. JLU.UIr
mir Murphy Building, j
ffiariet and Jones Streets.
that they recognize in American women
something that they most want — some
thing that the women of their own coun
try cannot give them.
that they recognize in American women
something that they most want — some
thing that the women of their own coun
try cannot give them.
Can it be that while Englishmen hava
gone forward, have become more alive
every year, have kept pace with their cen
tury — it may almost be said that they
have set the pace— the English woman has
stood still? In many instances has she
not degenerated ? Take her literature.
With some very few exceptions, no Eng
lish woman to-day is writing either intel
lectual or wholesome fiction. Leaving the
silly novelists out of the question, what does
the enormous success of the neurotic, mor
bid and decadent effusions denote? One
need hardly think twice to answer that it
means a general degeneracy among Eng
lish women. 1 hear several thousand
people remarking, "These same books
have had great sales in America." So they
have, but because the United States is in
tellectually under the yoke of England,
and is as yet too heterogeneous to have sj
mind of its own on the subject of liter
ature. None of these books would hava
achieved success if written in America—
in fact, they could not have been written
in America. As it is, they are read out of
curiosity, tossed aside and forgotten.
To return : It is inconceivable that the
women wbo read and exist in these novels
as the expression of their inner selves do
not bore and disgust men. Englishmen,
taking them generally, are the most
wholesome, healthy-minded men in the
world. They live a clean, outdoor life,
love sport better than women and make
history along the natural lines of evolu
tion. In them is no taint of morbidity,
and it is easy to imagine how little attrac
tion the quality has for them in woman
kind.
Do the "advanced women" and their
following actually believe that they can
reconstruct these men — the most domi
nant, perfectly balanced, rapidly develop
ing and highly developed race of men the
world has ever known — along lines laid
down Dy themselves? As well try to
harness the sun. The end will be that
their men will let them severely alone and,
marry American women. In the feminine
literature of to-day and in its success is
the note of decay; one can small the
mold.
It ?eems to me that this is the secret of
the- affinity between American women and
English men. The vast majority of Amer
ican men are composed of two elements
pnly— money greed and sensuality. They
are at the very beginnings of their own
development, the most elemental race
of men in all civilization to-day. Ameri
can women have so far flashed past them
that they stand on the plane which Eng
lish women would occupy if they had
kept pace with their men. They are alive
to their finger tips; they have cast off the
yoke of conventionality, cut-and-dried re
ligion, and all the old forms and tradi
tions which should be and must become
obsolete as the higher civilization.
1920
jfCj _>| Jlfcifi 1 ii_iffT~ A^ -^*^'3PTw^^^W l f^f*^ 1 i^ •* ek ». .~
PUNDAY.... .BEPTEMBER 20. 1886
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Po«t«s;e Free:
r*Cy and Sunday Cai.t,, en<» week, by carrier. .t)0.1 5
Dally and Sunday Caix, on* year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, _x months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall I.M)
Sally and Sunday Call, one month, by malL. M
Sunday Calx, one year, by mall.. 1.50
U i.k_LT Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation T It
so. it Is no trouble for us to forward TUB CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTRA CHARGE.
51 NESS OFFICE 1
7 10 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Mala— lßßß
EDITORIAL ROOMS x
617 Clay Street.
Telephone Main— ll74
BRANCH OFFICES
550 Montgomery street) corner Clay t open until
9 :S0 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street: open untn 0:80 o'clock. •
713 Lerkiu street; open until 8:80 o'clock.
fc\v . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: Open
until 9 o'clock. • " : •• ;
£518 Mission street ; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Math street; open until 9o'_«C—
OAKLAND OFFICE
- 608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE 1
r.oo_» 81 and 83, 34 Park Row, New York City*
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOR PBESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLET, Of Ohio
FOR VICF-PREBIDEXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of Hew Jersey
ELKCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Political anxiety is about over.
The campaign is simply a march to
prosperity.
Ail who wish good business and good
wages are working for "McKinley.
When the conductor shouts "All aboard
for Canton" everybody in sight takes the
train.
Weather prophets will soon change the
subject from politics to tell you about the
coming winter.
"What the people need is confidence,"
soya McKinley, and the people respond,
"We have it in you, Major."
International bimetallism means busi
ness, while silver monometallism means
panic, and the people know it.
The workingmen of the country have
learned that on McKinley's lawn they are
nut warned to keep off tne gras3.
In the mouth of the average Democratic
ofiice-seeker free silver talk is simply a
dodge to evade the tariff question.
By persistently reiterating his speech
Bryan may make it familiar to the coun
try, but be can never make it a household
word.
Genuine bimetallists are those whose
sense is on the side of free silver as dis
tinguished from the cranks who are crazy
on it.
Democrats and Populists talk of only
one plank in the Chicago platform and
look amazed when reminded that there are
others.
There are many parties in this country,
but only one of them is united in har
mony, and that is the party of protection
and prosperity.
The silence of the free-trader is a good
pign that hereafter protection will be the
permanent policy of the country, and that
means prosperity.
Demoralized Democracy has ceased to
hope for harmony in its own ranks and is
now seeking consolation by trying to find
a kicker or two in the Republican party.
"Wandering Wiilio" is not a dignified
title for a candidate for the Presidency,
but what can you call a man whose name
is Willie, and who keeps wandering
around?
This campaign will settle the economic
po.'icy of the Nation and put an end to
industrial disturbance, so that we can go
forward, not only to better times, but to
new issues.
Th* cottage home of McKinley has be
come the popular resort of the American
people, and no one ever goes there witn
/ out finding a welcome and hearing words
of good cheer.
From the silence of the big spell-binders
c— tong the Democrats and the Populists
it would seem the campaign has reached a
point of higher education where they can
not keep up with it.
The campaign has now progressed far
enougn for the end to be clearly seen, and
«b a consequence business men are no
longer afraid of further Democratic ex
periments and once moro gold is coming
into the country instead of going out.
In a moment of unaccustomed good
sense Bryan advised all the voters of Rich
mond who were opposed to him to vote for
McKiuley, and this is perhaps the only
counsel he has given in the campaign
that the people will be willing to follow.
The promise of prosperity to be derived
from the free coinage of silver on the
Bryan plan is only a mf rage arising from
the unknown, but the promise of pros
perity to be derived from protection is an
assurance of things well known from the
experience of all.
McKinley has long stood in the front
rank of our statesmen, and his speeches in
this campaign have placed him in the
fiont fank of our orators. No other
speaker in this canvass has given utter
ance to so much political wisdom em
bodied in epigramatic phrases as he has j
done, or has expressed so much clear
common-sense with terseness and elo
quence.
The list of weekly periodicals of this
City is to be increased by a new one, the
Graphic, which is to be published every
Saturday and will be devoted to politics,
literature, society and the drama. The
initial number is _ very attractive one,
both in contents and in typography, and
is handsomely illustrated. Politically the
new weekly is opposed to the free coinage
of silver, and will prove a valuable addi
tion to the supporters of the cause of
Bound money.
TRICKS AND TRADES.
The plan of fusion arranged by the
office-seeking managers of the Democratic
aud Populist parties has now been suffi
ciently developed to be fairly well under
stood. It is not certain how far the Demo
ojurtic bosses have gone in encouraging
Mr. Cator to believe they regard him as
the logical fusion candidate for the Senate,
but it is certain that the whole plan of fu
sion consists in bartering one office for an
other. This is being done in the name of
Bryan, but not for his profit. The spoils,
if there be any, are to be local spoils and
will be divided among the traders who
have made the fusion.
Democrats who believe In the political
philosophy of Jefferson that "Govern
ments govern too much," and that the
powers of the Federal Governuient should
be confined to a strict construction of the
constitution, how do you like this trade
which promises to deliver your votes to
office-seekers of that Populist party which
would carry governmental paternalism to
an extent never yet practiced among civil
ized men? How do you like to be called
on to vote for members of the Legislature
who have bargained to elect to the United
States Senate a man who favors fiat
money, Government ownership of rail
roads, the referendum, popular initiative
and the imperative mandate? Huw do
you like to aid in raising to official power
a man whose political policy would tear
down the last vestiee of State rights and
locel self-government and vest in the Fed
eral authority a power as unlimited as
that of the Emperor of China? How do
you like a trade that subordinates all your
Doiitical principles to a creed the mere
statement of which would have made An
drew Jackson gasp and swear?
Populists who have faith in the wisdom
of your party policy and who for years
have worked and fought to build up a
party to support that policy, how do you
like to trade ail 3'our principles and all
your work to that Bourbon Democracy
which has mocked at you for the sake of
getting in return an office for some Popu
list who is not so devoted to his principles
as you are? How do you like to cast your
vote for some Democrat whose politics
you detest In order to induce soms other
Democrat to vote for a Populist whose
principles he detests? How do yon like
this bartering and trading, this dickering
and dealing with your vote without your
consent? How can you engage in a com
bination which is to count your creed and
your conscience for nothing and entice
your ballot from you by a bunko game
that will not only wrong you, but deprive
your party of its political prestige?
There can be but one answer to these
questions. Tricks and trades among the
lower class of office-seeking politicians are
common, but they never succeed when the
people are aware of them. As a Nation
we delight in straight politics. "We honor
the man who stands for his convictions
and votes for them on election day regard
less of office. In all parts of the United
.States there Is a feeling of admiration for
the Republican of Texas who stands by
his platform, though he never cets an
office, and for the Democrat of Vermont
who goes to the polls year after year to
meet a certain defeat. These men are re
spected even by those who believe them
to be politically wrong, but for the trick
sters and traders for office no one has re
spect. Party fusion is an abomination to
the American people. Office-seekers may
plan it, but the voters will scorn it, and
the ballots on election day will show how
futile have been the attempts of the bosses
to trade the votes of honest Democrats and
of honest Populists.
We are now convinced, after three years of
experience, whatever may have been our polit
ical relations in thepast, of the truth of the ob
servation of Webster, made more than half a
century ago. You will recall that he said:
"That is the truest American policy which
shall most usefully employ American capital
and American labor and best sustain the
whole American population." — McKinley.
ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND
STRONG.
Nearly 100,000 people from Ohio and ad
joining States formally opened the cam
paign — a campaign for protection and
honest money and, consequently, for pros
perity — at Canton on Friday last. No
such a gathering was ever before seen at
an interior town in this country. It was a
political but not a partisan demonstra
tion, for there were delegations of Demo
crats as well as delegations of Republi
cans. The purpose of all was the same,
however, and all were of one voice in pro
claiming that the time had come when
the honor and integrity of the Nation
needed to be protected against the appli
cation of theories of government which
contradict and antagonize the experience
of nations and commerce and peoples the
civilized world over.
It cannot be said that it was merely
junketing parties meeting at a common
center for amusement, for 100,000 men
would not quit their business and go
junketing in times like tnese; besides, if
they did, they would not rendezvous at a
place so small that it could not entertain 25
per cent of them, nor would they etand in
the hot sun to listen to political speeches.
The fact is, the whole •country is being
awakened to the danger to State, com
merce and social life that lurks in the
foids of _ryanism. It is not so much,
either, that there is any real fear that £ry
anism will prevail as it is indignation on
the part of the wealth-makers of the coun
try at the presumption of the Bryans,
Altgeldsand Tillmans in trying to revolu
tionize commerce and society. Neverthe
less the sentiment in every avenue of the
country's business life is that an ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure, and
the pilgrimages to Canton mean that the
ounce of prevention is being got ready.
In any event, Bryan's theories of gov
ernment would make business men and
wage-earners apprehensive of danger; but
Bryan himself intensifies the dread of
having them matte the policy of the Gov
ernment by saying that "we would no
doubt have a panic at first after the adop
tion of free coinage." Commerce nor
those who work for a living are quite
ready to plunge the business affuirs of the
country into a panic merely to try an ill
advised monetary experiment, the more
so because the experience of trade, in
dustry and labor pronounce Mr. Hryan s
theories wrong in principle. There is in
tho6e pilgrimages to Canton, therefore, a
reflection of public sentiment — a senti
ment, indeed, that permeates the entire I
commercial and industrial community.
In this connection the fact should be
made Known that it is not in Bryan's
monetary vagaries where all the danger
lies. The law-abiding citizen fears that
Bryan's purpose to practically overthrow
the Federal courts means a Government
without any well-defined method of ad
ministering law. His advocacy of the re
peal of the civil service law and a return
to the spoils of office system is alarming
not a few. and his determination to sub
ject every one to an income tax, with the
accompanying spy system, makes people
shudder. So, it will be seen, there are very
many reasons why there should be political
but non-partisan gatherings at Canton
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1 890.
every day. The people want peace and
prosperity, .not confusion and uncer
tainty. _^____________
Prosperity in manufacturing v inseparable
from prosperity in agriculture. Set all the
wheels in motion, set all the spindles whirl
ing, set all the men at work on full time, start
all the idle workshops in the country, bring
back confidence to business, and the farmer
will at once feel the influence in the greater
demand for his products, in the better prices
he would receive. — McKinley.
WILL BE TENDERLY CARED. FOR.
Of one thing the Irish political prisoners
who were recently released from British
prisons may be assured. Tuey will be
made as comfortable as the condition of
their health will allow. Irish- Americans
have taken the matter in hand, and they
are not the kind of people to be satisfied
with any half-way measures; and there is
true Irish chivalry in insisting that con
tributions for the relief of the ex-prisoners
should come exclusively from their own
race. There are plenty of Americans, who
have no Irish blood in their veins, who
would be glad to contribute, but all the
more glorious is it to Irishmen to prefer to
make it a family affair, so to speak, and
themselves extend the tender care that
these terribly abused men may need.
Whether English prison rules are un
necessarily harsh or not, the fact remains
that these Irishmen who have just been
released were and are still gentlemen of
culture and refinement and used to good
and kind treatment, and that they were
entitled to consideration on that account,
being merely political prieoners, but they
were subjected to conditions that were ex
acting beyond all reason, and England
may be sure that history will note the
facts without fear or favor.
It will not do for the British authorities
to plead in extenuation of their hars_
treatment of these men that the rules of
their prisons are applied to all alike, and
that they cannot be made to yield to ac
commodate any one, for right at this mo
ment Dr. Jameson's imprisonment is made
little else than setting narrower bounds to
his going and coming. He is treated with
great consideration, and his friends have
access to him. Indeed, be la treated more
as if he was a guest of the prison's offi
cials than aa a law-breaker, and yet his
offense was greater than was charged
against the Irish prisoners.
But these liberated Irish gentlemen are
broken in health anil cannot engage in
business pursuits, for axhile at least, nor
can all that British prison harshness in
flicted upon them be removed or undone,
and surely they are entitled to the kind
consideration of every one who loves right
and justice. However, they will not
suffer for anything that money will buy,
for they are in the hands of their own,
and their own are great of soul, warm of
heart and true to duty.
The day of silver is coming. It is my seri
ous and solevm opinion that the full recogni
tion of silver will come soon; that it will come
through the efforts and under the direction of
the Republican party, in which the conserva
tive people of this country have confidence,
and that it will nevet come through the Dem
ocratic-Populist aggregation headed by this
wandering orator of the Platte. — Senator Wot-
001 ' — — —___. ______
THE WRONG OF SECTIONALISM.
Geographical discrimination by political
parties in their effort to secure supremacy
is the most threatening of the dangers to
oar institutions. It has become the cus
tom for parties to ignore sections where
there is no encouragement for success and
throw the weight of their influence to in
crease majorities where they are already
sure oi winning. Naturally that sort of
tt'ing creates a sectional feeling, but as yet
all feeling of that kind has quickly passed
away immediately after election. Never
theless, it is playing with fire, and it
might grow to be a disastrous conflagra
tion.
it wonld be far better if parties would
throw speakers into sections which they
knew were wedded to the other side. It
would leave no room for suspicion that
geographical discrimination was intended ;
besides, if a party believes its theories of
government are best suited to all interests,
it should want to preach its doctrine in
every community. There is no section of
this country that is not more or less de
pendent upon every other sectiou, nor
could injury be inflicted upon one commu
nity and all other communities escape
hurtful influences.
No greater blunder was ever made by a
public man than Bryan made when he
referred to the Eastern States as the
"enemy's country." There is no soot in
the United States that is at enmity with
another spot, and it is wronging the spirit
of our system of government to even in
timate that there could be. There are
interests that are widely different, but
there is interdependence between all in
terests, and every one is necessary to every
other one if the Government means a gov
ernment for all the people without dis
crimination.
It is wrong, it is unpatriotic, to misrep
resent the personnel, the material advan
tages or the integrity of one community
that advantage may accrue to another,
and yet it is done in every Presidential
campaign. We lose sight of the fact that
it is the people who elect public officials; ,
that the people who elected Harrison sub
sequently elected Cleveland; that the peo
ple who elected Cleveland rebuked hi 3 ad
ministration two years later, and that it is
for the most part these same people who
will elect a President next November.
The people are responsible for the con
duct of the affairs of the State and Nation,
except when officials fail to obey the peo
ple's instructions, and hence all the more
is the danger to our institutions when an
aspirant for political preferment attempts
to stir up geographical hatred so as to
solidify the vote of his own section. There
should be no "enemy's country" in all
this broad land, nor is there such a spot.
Trade, commerce and the people are free
to go and come, and when they are con
fronted by "enemies" anywhere they may
safely conclude that the glory of the Re
public has departed forever, and that sec
tional discrimination and hatred rule the
land.
As sure at ths night follows the day the
Avierican people — awed at first by the novelty
and force with which the Populists urged
their demands — will detect the absurdity and
hollowncss of the silver movement in time
utterly to rout its advocates. Bryan's progress
is on a more majestic scale than Coxey't,
but it is essentially the same and is to the full
as ridiculous and dangerous. — Louisville
Courier- Journal.
TERSE SENTENCES.
No one has failed to observe that Major
McKinley's speeches to visiting delega
tions abound in terse sentences, and that
very many of them cover the whole field
of economics.
To a delegation of waee-earners he said :
"We do not propose to vote in favor of a
money the value of which we have got to
ascertain every morning by consulting
the market columns in the newspapers."
To another delegation he asserted that
"if there is one thing which should be
free from speculation and fluctuation it is
the money of a country. It ought never
to be the subject of mere partisan conten
tion."
To a mixed crowd ot farmers and labor
ers be Baid that "no one suffers so much
from cheap money as the farmers and la
borers. Taey are tbe first to feel its bad
effects, and the last to recover from them.
This has been the uniform experience of
all countries, and here as elsewhere."
A delegation of business men were told
that "we cannot restore the public confi
dence by an act which would revoiution
ieo all values, or an act which entails a de
ficiency in the public revenues. We can
not inspire confidence by advocating re
pudiation or practicing dishonesty."
In answer to a quastion put by a visitor
concerning free coinage of silver he said:
"Free silver would not mean that silver
dollars were to be freely bad without cost
or labor. It would mean the free use of
the mints of the United States for the few
who are owners of silver bullion, but would
make silver coin no freer to the many who
are engaged in other enterprises. * • ♦
Mexico and China have tried tbe experi
ment. Mexico has free coinage of silver
and (told at a ratio slightly in excess of
sixteen and a half ounces of silver to one
ounce of gold, and while her mints are
freely open to both metals at that ratio
not a single dollar in gold bullion is coined
and circulated as money."
A workingman asked what was needed,
if not free «ilver coinage, to revive busi
ness. The reply was: "It is not an in
crease in the volume of money which is
the need of the time, but an increase in
the volume of business : not an increase of
coin, but an increase of confidence; not
more coinage, but a more active use of the
money coined; not open mints for the un
iimited coinage of the sfiver of the world,
but open mills for the full and unrestricted
labor of American workingmen."
When some one asked about the classes
being against the masses he promptly
replied: "Every attempt to sway class
against class, 'the classes against tbe
masses,' section against section, labor
against capital, the poor against the rich,
or interest against interest, in the United
States, is in the highest degree reprehen
sible. It is opposed to the National in
euiict and interest, and should be resisted
by every citizen. We are not a Nation of
classes, but of sturdy, free, independent
and honorable people, despising the dema
gogue, and never capitulating to dis
honor."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. Y.,Sept. 10.— The Munchen
of the North German line brought In from
Cherbourg Enno John of Los Angeles. The
Spree of the same line brought back John Buhl.
The Werra brought back from Geneva, Naples
and Gibraltar Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Futschi,
Christian Gehret, Mrs. Emma Groppe and
child of Sacramento and Joseph Martin of San
Diego. At the Plaia, H. It Reed, J. B. Petly;
Westminster, Mrs. G. L. Williams, Miss Wil
liams, MUs Taylor; Park Avenue, Mrs. How
ard, H. L. Reed; Metropolitan, G. J. Baldwin,
Mrs- G. Baldwin; Holland. G. Cook, Mrs. J.
Pierce, Mrs. C. Walter, G. A. Pope and wife;
Gerloch, C. Gebut, A. R. Kritschi and wife;
Netberland. Miss Dean; Marlborough. M. J.
l'osten; Morton, G. Martin and wife. Mr. and
Mrs. Percy Tarbutt, Mlsa P. and C. P. Tarbutt
left the Plaza to sail for England on the Um
bria.
PERSONAL.
J. Ralston Bell of Denver is in the City.
Colonel John Bradbury of Los Angeles is in
town.
Dr. H. M. Miller of Cleveland is at the
Palace.
J. C. Kelly of Canton, China, Is at the Occi
dental.
C. 8. Irwln, a mining man ol Nevada City, Is
in town.
A. M. McDonald, a mining man of Sonoma,
is at the Lick.
Alexander J. Dwyer of New Orleans arrived
here yesterday.
Librarian U. C. Nash of the Stanford Uni
versity is in town.
A. B. Shilling, a wealthy business man of
Denver, is in town.
William Clauson, a business man of SllTer
Lake, is at the Kuas.
H. Ballard, a business man of New York, is
at the Cosmopolitan.
J. W. Land on, a business man of Walla
Walla, is at the Palace.
Q. A. Sittman, an electrician of Pleasanton,
Is at the Cosmopolitan.
Miss M. L. Chase, a missionary of Fusan,
Korea, is at the Occidental.
J. B. Overtoil, superintendent of the Vir
ginia City Water Works, is on a visit here.
W. £. Dougherty of the United States army,
agent of the Hoopa Valley Indians, is in the
city.
C. C. Stone, proprietor of the Witney Hotel,
Quartz Mountain, is registered at the Cosmo
politan.
Joseph D. Lynch, the journalist, of Los
Angeles, formerly owner of the Herald, is In
the City.
Richard Follls and William Droun have gone
East to enter Yale and Hopkins colleges, re
spectively.
Mrs. F. M. Hatch of Honolulu, wife of the
Hawaiian Minister to Washington, is at the
Occidental.
J. 8. Williams, United States Marshal for the
Northern District of Texas, is among the re
cent arrivals here.
Charles T. Manning, formerly a business
man of Tacoma, now of Nicaragua, Is at the
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
Mrs. Smith, wife of Chief Justice Thomas
Smith of New Mexico, and several friends are
at the Palace. Mrs. Smith has come to visit
friends.
Th c Rev. Wallace S. Frollis and Miss Frollls,
missionaries of China, are among the recent
arrivals here. Yesierday they went on a brief
visit to San Jose.
The Rev. Dr. Goodwin of the California
street M. £. Church will deliver his final ad
dress at the Metropolitan Temple to-day, and
start for Los Angeles to-morrow.
E. D. Tenney, who is interested in one of the
largest commission-houses and sugar planta
tions In Hawaii, arrived here from the East
yesterday, and is at the Occidental.
H. Indigo, a wholesale merchant of Guay
mas, Mexioo, is on a visit/here for the benefit
of his health. He is accompanied by his fam
ily. Mr. Indigo is a big grower of oranges.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttit of Stock
toa is In the cUy, accompanied by his two
sons, who are students ot the Hastings Law
School. Mr. Louttit says business is going for
ward steadily In Stockton, much as formerly.
James Benalleck, a well-known mining man
of Grass Valley, who has developed a number
of good gold properties, and altogether has
done much for that section of California, has
been on a visit here for the last day or two.
Mr. Benalleck is well known in mining and
other circles on the Pacific Coast,
SENAIOR SHORTRIDGE.
Gilroy Gazette, September 17.
Those who have been here leveral years will
remember well one of the finest speeches de
livered dnring the campaign of '88 as that of
Samuel Shortridge. We learn that this gentle
man will speak in Gilroy during the present
campaign on the issues of the day. Mr. Short
ridge will, if the Republicans win, more than
likely be one.of the Senators from this State.
Oi his ability to perform the high duties of
such an office there can be no question, and as
to eloquent advocacy of measures for the cood
of our State and whole country, there would
be no voice in the Senate chamber more po
tent. Mr. Shortridge is a good silver man, bnt
thinks that for the raited States to adopt free
coinage without aid of any foreign nation
would be disastrous to the cause of bimetal
lism. In this the Gazette differs from Mr.
Shortridge, bnt in that only. On all other
points in politics our views coincide with his.
At any rate, if Mr. Shortridge comes nere to
speak, as we are assured he will, there will be
an intellectual treat lor our citizens.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
LINCOLN ON THE SUPREME COURT.
Was Hi a Populist, a Bryan Democrat akd
an Ana_c_ißT All in One ?
Wditor San Francisco Call— Sik: Permit me to
say In a preliminary remark that letters are
beginning to pour in on me inquiring why I
am not writing for The Call, as usual, and
I dosire to say to my Populist friends that it is
wholly my fault. I have had so much com
mittee work to do besides attendtng to the
new duties I havo undertaken as an editorial
writer on the new PoDullst journal about to be
issued under the name of "The California^,"
that I have not had an hour I cou.d give to
writing a "letter" for The Call, but shall try
to be prompt hereafter.
Much has been said in Republican newspa
pers and by RepuDlican orators since General
Harrison made his great speech in New York
City, August 27, in Carnegie Hall, opening the
campaign in the East, as to' the dangerous and
revolutionary attitude of Mr. Bryan toward
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
as a p.ain Populist it seems to me that the
danger to American liberty and the constitu
tion of onr country lies iv the opposite direc
tion entirely. On that occasion General Har
r,ison said :
"The Supreme Conrt, the: most dignified
judicial t>ody In " the world, was ap
pointed to interpret the laws and the
constitution, and when that court pro
nounces a decree as to the power of
Congress, or as to any other constitutional
question, there is but one right method if we
disagree" — to amend the constitution. The
question at issue, the reader will remember, is
whether the Supreme Court had a right to de
clare the income tax unconstitutional; in
other words, whether the Supreme Court is a
co-ordinate branch of the Government, or the
supreme authority over all.
We have Harrison's view, and now let us
read what Lincoln said in his first inaugural
address on the limitation of the authority of
the Supreme Cou.t: "I do not forget the posi
tion assumed by some that constitutional
questions are to be decided by the Supreme
Court, nor do I deny that such decision must
bo binding to the partirs to the suit. • * •
If the policy of "the Government upon the
vital questions affecting the whole people is to
be irrevocably fixed by the decisions of the Su
preme Court the moment they are made, as in
ordinary cases between parties in personal
actions, the people will have ceased to be their
cwn roasters, having to that extent resigned
their Government into the hands of that emi
nent tribunal.' '
Which is right, Lincoln or Harrison ? If
Harrison and the McKinley Republicans are
right then Lincoln is dangerously and radi
cally wrong. I hold with Lincoln, and I can
distinctly remember that the same charge was
made against the early Republicans and abo
litionists becau-e of tneir attitude of avowed
antagonism to the dtcislon of the Su
preme Court in the famous Drod Scott
case, which was to the effect that "the
ncKro has no righu which the white man
is bound to respect." Of course that decision
was warmly defended by the slave power
which ruled the Nation and the Supreme
Court then just as the money power does now.
The same charges were made by the slave
power against Lincoln because he denounced
the Dred Scott decision as the money power
now makes against Bryan because he de
nounces the income tax decision. Lincoln was
then just as revolutionary as Bryan is now.
The Supreme Court was held just as infallible
by the slave power then as it is now by the
money power and Harrison.
The slave power then had its orators, its
newspapers and its Harrisons, who *ald of
Lincoln and the Republican party just what
Harrison said the other night in New York of
Bryan and the People's party. In solemn tones
they said, as Harrison says now: "You are to
answer then, my fellow-citizens, in all the
gravity of a great crisis whether you will sus
tain a party that proposes to destroy the bal
ance which our fathers instituted In our form
of government, and whenever a tumultuous
Congress docs not agree with the Supremo
Court and a subservient President," etc. Dear
me! dear me! Think of a "tumultuous Con
gress" of Populists and Bryan Democrats and
Silver Republicans, wich Bryan as "a subser
vient President" and weep fo"r your country.
Lincoln says that "if the policy of the Gov
ernment is to be fixed by the Supreme Court,"
in a word if Congress :s subjeot to the Supreme
Court, "the people will have ceased to be their
own masters," and this court will bjcome
their master in so far as they consent to the
subordination of their Congress, the law-mak
ing department of the Government, to this
non-elective, life-tenure, autocratic "Supreme"
Cuuru Harrison says that "'when that court
pronounces a decree as to the cowers of
congress or as to any oth«r constitutional
question," why that "decree" is to stand till
it can be changed by a constitutional amend
ment. Lincoln says that if the people allow
this court to fix the limit to those powers of
Congress they have ceased to bo their own
masters, etc., thereby implying Iv plain terms
that they, the people, must resist these en
croachments on their liberties or tlicy consent
to the mastery ol the Supreme Court.
But listen once more to General Harrison:
"I oannot exaggerate the gravity and the Im
portance and the danger of the assault upon
our constitutional lorm of Government,"
meaning thai if riryaa is elected these corpo
ratiou-lawyer Judges (with which the court
has been packed in recent years, a fact so no
torious as to be a public disgrace) will have
their infallibility annulled by the appoint
ment of additional judges who will not try to
subordinate Confess and will sustain the
rights of the pcodlc in their integrity. What
an assault— on the corporations and the usur
pations of that infallible courtl Think of a
"decree" of thai infallible court being reversed
in a few weeks in the income-tax case by a
'right-about-face' of one Judire, who thus saved
the millionaires about $50,000,000.
General Harrison then referred to an "Eag
lish friend's" criticism, but did it occur to
him to refer to the fact that an act oi Parlia
meut stands a_ law, and no "supreme" court
or tribunnl of any kind ever undertook to set it
aside, except one"— the people, when they repeal
it? The acts of Congress should stand lust the
same in the United states till a "decree" of
the people annuls them. That is not the prov
ince of the Supreme Court.
But I have passed my limits and will reserve
Other points for another time.
Joseph asbcrt Johnson.
San Francisco, Sept. 18. 1896.
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
Mr. Bewail would be Tory much obliged if
Mr. Watson would quit shoving.— Washington
Star.
It is bad enough to give away our markets to
other countries without giving them our minta
also.— Kansas City Journal.
The Boy Orator will be in the enemy's coun
try until November 3, and then it won't mat
ter where he is.— New York Press.
Talking about Joint debates, one between
Bewail and Watson, with Bryan in the chair,
might prove interesting.— Utica Herald.
It mast be confessed that Chairman Jonea
did a good thing for his party when ho kept
Bryan out of Arkansas.— St. Louis Globe-Dom
ocrat.
When Candidate Bryan heard of the Ver
mont landslide he evidently was reminded of
the old saw, "Silence is golden," as he had
nuthln' to say.— Chicago Journal.
"I am a believer in free silver to this ex
tent," said the wayfarer.
"What?" asked the approached.
"I want 10 cents' worth of it for a drink,"
He got it.-rPhlladelphia North American.
Farsyte— l have already applied to Mr. Bryan
for the position of showcard writer at the Mint.
Wanterno — What nonsense.
Farsyte— Not at all; they'll want signs there
for their "marked-down dollar bargain days "
—Philadelphia Record.
If the elections to take place In every State
In the Union less than two montns from this
time were conducted as wag the election for
State officers in Arkansas yesterday, the death
knell of the republic would be sounded on the
3d of next November.— Brooklyn Standard-
Union.
"Hold on!" shouted the Bilverite; "I hare
listened to your side of the question for half
an hour, and now I want to tell you mine."
"Oh, I have no objections to considering
your views if you wish to express them to
me," replied the Goldbug, as he swung on
board a train for Chicaeo.— Buffalo Express.
All the Bryanites ever turned loose to inflict
their bowlings upon along-suffering onmmun
ity cannot arouse the American people to
class war. Theie are no classes save the
classes of the good and bad, and the million
aire who urges poor men to rend their more
comfortably situated neighbors is a dangerous
man, using a dangerous power for a bad end.
— St. Joseph (Mo.) Herald.
Mr. Uobart deals clearly with the tariff iit
uation. He calls a spade a spade, und there
fore holds the mistaken economic policy of the
Democratic party responsible for the treasury
deficit and the present depressed business con
dition of the Nation. The truth Is that had
there been no tariff disturbance there would
have been no free-coinage issue worth consid
ering, as the free-coinage agitation grew out
of the bard times caused by the tariff change.
—Philadelphia Press.
SUFFRAGE SHOULD BE RESTRICTED
RATHER THAN EXTENDED.
Fortunately for the fate of our democratic
institutions, the disbelief in universal suffrage,
which is so often brought forward as an argu
ment against woman suffrage, is not general.
As has been said over and over, we have never
had real universal suffrage, and until that has
been tried and found wanting there is no use
in talkint? about going back to an oligarchical,
not to say monarchical, form of government.
In the words of William Lloyd Garrison Jr.,
such an objection to woman suffrage "is im
pertinent aud irrelevant, not touching the
issue at all." Granting for argument's sake
that the suffrage should be restricted, the re
striction should apply to men and women
alike, and not act by shutting out an entire
class of citizens, irrespective of intelligence
and fitness for the fr-nclnse.
Such objectors seem to be fearful that a
large iu_ux ot women Voters would add
greatly to the illiterate vote. One would think
that illiterate women existed in hordes, far
outbalancing the educated women; but when
one tries to follow up this alleged amount of
illiteracy among women, and to find out where
it is located, the search proves to be strangely
elusive ; these ignorant ones always belong to
some other fellow's circle of acquaintance.
l'.ut is not the danger from illiteracy, and its
extent, greatly exaggerated?
According to the ia s t census there are, in
round numbers, 10,000,000 women in the
United States who have received an education
from being able to read and write to the high
est education obtainable, and 2,000,000 who
cannot read and write. Again, tne proportion
of illiterate men Is about tue same as of illit
erate women. Balance the male and female
illiterate vote with the total vote of the women
of the country and there will remain the
handsome number or 6,000,000 educated
votes to reinforce those of educated men.
la our own State women who cannot read
aud write the English language will not be
enfranchised, since an educational qualifica
tion to that extent Is now a part of onr state
constitution. We should expect to find the
greatest illiteracy among foreign immigrants,
but even were there 110 educational qualifica
tion the danger some fear on the tcore of the
illiterate foreign female population does not
cut much of a figure in our State. According
to the census 01 1890 there are 234,117 native
born women 20 years of age and over out of a
toial white female population amounting to
485,280, and 101,592 foreign-born women of
the same ace, and all of the latter are by no
means uneducated.
It is a generally known fact that more girls
than boys attend the higher schools of our
public system, and that the girl stays longer
at school than the boy; and as far as knowl
edge of the questions of political science is
concerned, Mrs. Ida A. Harper expresses what
will hardly be questioned in saving: "Without
any preparation it will be admitted that
women are as capable of casting an intelligent
ballot as the boys of 21 and the mass of newly
naturalized citizen*."
What really happens wherever woman suf
frage is gained is that the best and most rep
resentative women exhibit the greatest activ
ity in the formation of study clubs or civic
clubs, to prepare them for their duties as citi
zens. In thin connection Mrs. Helen Ecob says
of the Colorado women : "Realizing their igno
rance of civic duties, as soon as the right of
euffrnge was secured they began a careful
work 01 education. It is said tnat during tne
eight months after suffrage was granted more
books on political economy were sold than
during eight years previous. Lectures on
economics were giveu by the best speakers
who could be secured. The drawing-rooms of
representative women were transformed Into
lyceums for the discussion of civic duties.
• • • The study ot economics led to much
questioning of husbands and brothers at home,
and the disclosures compelled both men and
women to demand _ thorough renovation."
What is true of California la true every
where when women are treated as responsible
citizens. With such proof of capacity for self
improvement and such zeal, when a direct
interest in the Government is given women,
why longer sing the old song, "Women do
not know enough to Vote"? Besides, as George
W. Cable save, "Men are disposed to exagger
ate the difficulties of voting intelligently
when they talk of women voting. By the time
a public question is ready for the popular vote
it has become a very simple question that re
quires little more than honesty and common
sense to vote unon it."
We believe the possession and exercise of
suffrage an education in itself, and that this
Government cannot avoid decadence unless
all oi its citizens become educated up to its
needs through active participation in the elec
tion of the officers intrusted with its adminis
tration and have a lively interest in the prob
lems tnat confront it. We do not expect the
millennium Immediately, as dome of our op
ponents say of us, but we do believe that hope
for ultimate improvement in the condition of
things can only dawn when the thought and
experience of both men and women can be
nuited in a practical way. Our country has
progressed to the point where in every other
sphere men and women confer and act to
gether to their mutual benefit, and there is no
logical reason why progress along these lines
should stop Ht the threshold of political life.
Takiug up the subject as to whether univer
sal suffrage i 9 the best for our form of govern
ment, 1 will quote trom the younger Garrison,
who expresses clearly the prinerples upon
which the Republic was founded. Every one
must decide for himself whether the fathers
were wise or not in their generation. The
underlying principle of our greirt experiment
of self-government is that 'governments de
rive their just powers from the consent of the
governed,' which includes the humblest
member of society. Not from the consent of
the rich, of the educated, of the strongest, but
of the governed. It was a momentous ex
periment, based upon an abiding faith In
Human nature, a conviction that the average
wisdom oi all is safer than that of a portion,
however favored. It took into consideration
poverty and ignorance, trusting to the innate
desires of humanity for order and good gov
ernment. It was assumed that, although the
principle might be severely tested, as en
lightenment increased, fostered by popu
lar education, government would improve
and the responsibilities of the ballot have an
elevating effect. • • • Nor can the virtue
and intelligence of the country afford not to
have the unintelligent and poor send their
representatives to speak lor them. They are
the warning dial that indicates to all eyes the
magnitude of the degradation in our midst.
We cannot nfford to overlook or forget It. In
asmuch as the dial's hand shows its Increase
so much more has the alarm to be sounded
and regenerating influences set to work to
rescue society, which otherwise lulled in a
fancied security might awaken too late. Upon
the walls of our representative Government
let the whole Nation's figure be thrown and
the shadows be as prominent as the lights.
Republicanism can only bear the trial, bnt
cannot spure it. We are too far on the voyage
to put back. The ship has incurred its chief
dangers, because too many of its crew arc
kept under the hatches. Let them up into the
day. Welcome womau to the rights and
responuibilities of an untrammeled ballot.
Elizabkth Sabgent.
LADY'S WRAPPER WITH CIR
CULAR RUFFLE.
This neat wrapper is a very great favorite
for washable fabrics and wool or silk goods as
well. It has a fitted lining, the front hanging
loose from a yoke, which is edged with a ruffle
that may be omitWd. The back is graceful,
hanging loose In the Watteau effect.
A wrapper of yellow China silk had the ruffle
of white lace with a collar and bow of white
A challie with pale pink buds on a light
blue ground had a rnffle of pink chiffon side
pleated. The ruffles In both gowns just de
scribed were cut straight, three yards wide
and were gathered at the top.
A gown ot gray and blue striped flannel
had a circular ruffle like that shown in illus
tration of bluepeau desoie, with a collar to
match.
Ginghams, chambray prints, etc., are gener
ally made with a ruffle of the goods. A neat
vl 8n for tne ruffle 1s ft binding of warrow
ribbon to match. Both satin and moire of in
expensive quality can be used.with surprisinx
t7t 7 good results in laundering.
"AN HONEST, CLEAN, STRAIGHT,
FORWARD PAPER."
The San Francisco Wasp
The Call was tne object of a bitter attack by
the Examiner this week. Ostensibly silver
was the cause. In reality, circulation was the
reason Tub Call is steadily climbing up iv
popularity and cutting deep into the Examiner.
W_Y? Simply because it is an honest, clean,
straightforward paper, which avoids disgust
ing sensationalism and gives the news, the
whole news and nothing but the news in plain,
matter-of-fact and truthful style every day.
Such a policy Will win out every time, and
The Call is winning. Go into he public re
sorts ol the City and see how it is read and
called for.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY
"Now, look here," said Tattered Thompson to
Weary Walker, who had become engaged in a
debate, "you labor under a wrong idea—"
"Don't insult me," interrupted Walker. "I'd
have you know I never labor."— Detroit Free
Press.
She— l don't see how you ever came to pro
pose to me in the first place, if I am so utterly
distastelul to you. I gave you no encourage
ment.
He— Oh, yes, you did. You turned the gas
down so low that I could not see your face.—
Indianapolis Journal.
Cholly— Oh, you ought to see Miss Gay. She's
great. She actually knocked me silly.
Kate — Nonsensel She didn't do anything of
the sort. Didn't I kuow you long before you
ever saw Miss Gay?— Boston Transcript.
"Profewor Mixem has acquired some reputa
tion as an independent tr.iuker, hasn't he?"
"Yes; he thinks independently of logic."—
Detroit News.
"I wish you would tell me," said the agent,
who had long been on Mr. Snaggs' trail,
"what is your insuperable objection to insur
ing your life?"
"I don't mind telling you," replied Snaggs.
'The idea of being more valuable after I am
dead than while I am alive is distasteful to
i_e."— Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
California glace fruits, 50c ib. Townsend'i*
» — ■» — •
E. H. BLack, painter, 120 Eddy street.
Sfectai Information dally to manufactar«r«,
business houses and public men by the I're.n
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. -
The Best Beer.
Ererard's Canada Malt Beer, Brerard's Eng
lish Alf-Alf. is the best malt production on
earth. Goldberg, Bowen _ Co., agents. *
She— Miss Homely makes herself ridiculous
by being so frightened every time there is a
thunderstorm.
He— Why so?
She — Because there has to be some attraction
even for lightning.— Detroit Free Press.
Are You Going —last
The Atlantic and Pacific Railroad— Snnta F«
route — Is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. I'artlcularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because Of Its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
can, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and la
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Saa
Francisco Ticket, office. 644 Market, street. Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 153_ Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
Great Kock Island lioute Playine Cards
Bend 12 cents In stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C. R. 1. and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest pack of playing cardj
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
postpaid.
Orders containing 60 cents In stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
Dr. Sikgert's Angostura Hitters posses* an ex
quisite flavor and are a sure preventive for all
diseases of the digestive organs.
Whh your food has no relish the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dose
or two Of Ayer's Pills.
lr afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaao Thomp
son's _yo Water. JOrugglsts sail It at 25 cent*
"Troubles never come singly," said the man
Who secured a divorce.
"What's the matter?"
"Oh, first I got clear of my first wife, and
then, like a darn fool, I married again."—
Philadelphia North American.
maw to-pat:
From U.S. Joxcrna I of MtiHcin*.
tt<q Prof.W. H. Peeke,
1 \_Jtiß- -^ who makes a special-
_H flC^ of Epi^psy, has
I II without doubt treat-
ML Ml i&hbJtd and cured more
cases than any living
/* Physician;
/ _J his success
I IEmOkMM is astonish-
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing- cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, which he sends
with a large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address
> rof.W.H.PEEKE i F.D.,4 Cedar St., X.Y.
LOOK_HERE!
SaW IN STOCK
The largest and best selected line or
UMBRELLAS
/T 25 PER CENT LESS THAN CAN
w BE BOUGHT ELSEWHERE.
26-lnch Gloria, Fast Black, Porcelain Knobs.. 65c
26-lnch Silk Warp Gloria, Paragon Frame!
Bine and White Cupid Knobs, Steel Rod. SI SO
26-lnch English Gloria, paragon Frame,
Fancy Porcelain Kn0ba.V...... f 1 IS
28 Inch Kngllsh Gloria, Fast Black, Natural
Wood Crooks and Knobs 750
28-lnch Silk Warp Gloria, Paragon Frame,
- Natural Wood Crooks and Knobs.... . $1 15
28-inch Silk Warp Gloria, Paragon Frame,
Natural Wood Crooks, Sterling Silver
Tips.... „ $2 00
XT RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
■killed mechanic*, a specialty.
-18820 MARKET
$75 ™4 ROOMS
%^f — %J CONSISTING OF
a?*XJ _et_>3"XTTT_-l.___
PARLOR a BEDROOM L DIHiNG-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard — • jsO Cento
OilCloth,per yard ~ ** J*™ '
Matting, per yard 10 Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces »25 00
Solid Oak Folding Bed. with Mirror »*5 00
T. BRILLIANT,
41 0 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
roor-Koom Catalogue! Mailed Free.
C 3* Fret Packing sad DeUTerj acron — * Bajr,ANOTHER WRANGLE
FOR A FRANCHISE
People's Mutual Telephone
Rights Being Fought
For.
SUPERVISORS ENJOINED
They May Not Open Bids for
the Privilege on Monday
Next
DISCRIMINATION TALKED OF.
Said to Be a Scheme of the Pacific
Bell Company to Shut Off
Competition.
A move that looks like an attempt by the
Pacific Bell Telephone Company to shut
out competition vras made last evening by
Attorney Levinsty, acting presumably in
behalf of George C. Gould. An application
for a writ of prohibition restraining the
Board of Supervisors from opening bids
for the purchase of the telephone franchise
applied for by the People's Mutual Tele
phone Company was tiled in the County
Clerk's office.
The reasons given wby the Supervisors
should not be allowed to accept or open
the bids are two. The first is a technical
one— namely, that the notice of the sale of
the franchise was not published, as re
quired by law, every day for ten days. The
Becond reason advanced alleges that the
provisions of the order of sale are such
that all bidders are excluded from com
peting for the franchise except the Mutual
Telephone Company and the Pacific Bell
Telephone Company.
The portion of the order in which the
joker is said to be concealed is that which
provides that the franchise may not cc
sold to any company unable to produce
within ten days of the date of purchase
the bona tide contracts of 2000 subscriber?. !
There has been a great wrangle for j
months past in the board on this tele
phone franchise matter. Attorney Her
man de Laguna has several times ap
peared before the Supervisors, represent
ing a company of capitalists whose
identity ha 3 never been disclosed. Gen- I
eral Friedricbs has also used his best i
efforts in behalf of some client or clients j
whose names have never been made pub
lic. General Friedrichs offered among
other inducements to allow the City forty
free telephones snould hi 9 company get
the privilege. Attorney de Laguna raised
the offer to 100 free phones, which raise
the general subsequently saw.
There was also a great deal of trouble
over the question as to the lowest bid that
■would be accepted. Some one wanted the_
minimum limit fixed at $1000, but Super '
visor Spreckels raised that considerably
by offering personally to give $10,000 for
the franchise.
The whole matter finally culminated in
an order in accordance with the wishes of
the People's Mutuaj Company being pub
lished, and it is to the issuance of a fran
chise under that order that Levinsky and
his client object.
Bids were to have been opened to-mor
row at 3 F. v.. but in all probability the
writ of prohibition will be issued before
.hat time.
TRAVELING VERY FAST.
Uncle Sam's Juggernauts Are
Exceeding the Prescribed
Speed.
Danger in the Newiy Introduced
White Mailcars Upon the Streets
of the City.
For nearly a week Uncle Sam has been
running fenderless cars through the
streets of San Francisco. True they are
used for the single purpose of mail transit,
but this in no wise lessens the possibility
of death to men, women and children who
by chance or otherwise get in the way of
these modern vehicles of torture — as op
erated in this City.
The question has been asked time and
again where the liability would fall should
The New White Street Mail Car "Which Goes Dangerously Fast
Over the Rails.
a mailcar kill or severely injure some one.
The Government, through Superintend
ent Flint, promptly throws the responsi
bility on the railroad, while the latter
would seemingly like very much to shilt
the whole thing to the broad shoulders of
Uncle Sam.
In the first case it is pointed out that the
Government is not held responsible for
any casualties which occur on regular
railroads, meaning such lines as do a gen
eral freight and passenger business. They
simply pay so much for services performed
and that ends it. It Is contended, there
fore, that the new street mail service comes
under the same rule. The Market-street
Railway Compan> r receives a certain sti
pend for services performed, and the Gov
ernment, or rather it is so contended, has
nothing to do with deaths; broken limbs
or other casualties.
From the schedule published by the
railway mail service and now performed
by the Market-street Railway Company a
eervice considerably in excess of the
"eignt-miles-an-hour" law is inaugurated.
For instance, the distance from Station D,
at the foot of Market street, to Station C,
Twenty-second and Mission streets, is 4.93
miles, yet the round trip, 8.96 miles, in
cluding four stops, is made in one hoar
and thirty-six minutes.
On the broad-gauge cable lines the same
proportionate schedule is in operation,
the trip from stations D to H and return
being made in exactly 1 hour and 4
minutes. On the Sacramento or narrow
gauge cable lines the time is much faster.
One round trip to Station D, a distance of
9.82 miles, is covered in 1 hour and 13
minutes.
"These cars should certainly have fen
ENERGETIC MEMBERS OF THE CONTROLLING COMMITTEES.
ders," said Superintendent Flint yester
aay, "though the department cannot in
any way be held responsible for uccidents
which might occur by reason of this negli
gence. The MarKet-street Company is just
like any other common carrier doing busi
ness with the Government. They get ?o
much for services performed, and there
onr responsibility rest;. The company
furnishes the car, the power and the oper
ators, and can alone be held liable for
casualties."
JOY IN THE POTRERO.
Mechanics Are Jubilant at Scott's Vlc-
Tory in Getting the Contracts
for the Cruisers-
I. M. Scott's success in obtaining the i
contract to build Uncle Sam's defender
and racer has sent a thrill of joy through
the Union Iron Works, and for that mat
ter the leaven of joy has extended to every
resident of the Potrero, as three years'
work for the hands employed about the
rolling mills and the Union Iron Works
means prosperous times for everybody
about Bluerock Hill. The order increases
the circulation of money and tends to
build up the Potrero into a mechanics'
settlement of industrious, hard-working
peODle and storekeepers, who will as a
necessity follow in the wake of prosperity.
Tne awarding of the contract to tile
Union Iron Works has made many hun
dreds of votes for iicKiniey. as it was
through a Republican administration
that the appropriations for increasing tho
Nation's defenses were made.
The construction of the two vessels will
occupy the attention of the Union Iron
Works for at iea?t three years. Although
Irving M. Scott thinks that the swift tor
pedo-catcher can be turned out of the
yard in eighteen months, the other vessel
Will probably take all of three years to
build. Both, however, will be constructed
at the Bam c time, as the facilities of the
works are sufficiently equipped to build j
the two together, and also attend to the
local requirements of the coast trade be
sides.
> — ♦ — *
GLOVE AND BIFLE.
Olympio Club Will Give Professional
toxins Contests— At the Ranges.
President Xewhall of the Olympic Club
is figuring upon a great boxing tourna
ment which, in all probability, will be
held in the Mechanics' Pavilion. Mr.
Newhall does not favor professional box
ing contests in the club building, but he
says that amateur boxing bouts will be
given frequently. For the professional
entertainment some very flattering in
ducements will be offered Corbett and
Fitzsimmons aud other prominent fighters
to meet in this City. At anj- rate the new
board of oificers of the Olympic Club is in
favor of boxing and some good evenings
of sport will be given during the winter
season.
Jack Everhard and "Kid" Lavigne will
box twenty-tive rounds before one of the
New York clubs on October 27. They will
enter the ring weighing 135 pounds.
Rifle shooters will be represented in
strong force to-day at the ranpes. The
California Schuetzen Club, Eintracht
Scbuetzen Club, Gruetli Schuetzen Club,
San Francisco Turner Scbuetzen Club and
the California Ladies' Schuetzen Club will
meet at the California Schuetzen Club's
park, and some lively crackine of rifles
will be heard.
Frank Hotting returned yesterday from
the Russian River with eighteen fine bass.
He says that good striped bass fishing can
be had at the mouth of the river.
IN THE FUTURE
Testimonial Concert to Be Ten-
dered A. T. Stewart in
Oakland.
The testimonial concert to be tendered Alex
T. Stewart at the First Congregational Church,
Oakland, Friday evening next promises to be
quite a society event, judging from the names
of the patronesses who are taking an active in
terest in the success of the affair and who are:
Mrs. F. S. Stratton, Mrs. B. F. Dunham, Mrs. 8
T. Alexander, Mrs. H. G. Thomas, Mrs. E. L
Hall, Mrs. George T. Hawley, Mrs. John L.
Howard, Mrs. V ,'. H. Checkering, Mrs. W. R.
Davis mid Mrs. L. T. Snow of Alameda. The
following programme has been arranged for
the occasion :
O verture, "Raymond" (Ambrolse Thomas)
piano solo, polonaise, E flat (Chopin), John VV. ;
Metcalf; string orchestra, (a) prelude "Le
Vierge" (Masscuet), <&) "Loin dv Bal" (Gillet);
contralto solo, "Fair Springtime Beginning'
(Saict-Saens), Mrs. Olive Reed; cornet solo,
fantasie, "The Favorite" (Hartmann), C. W.
Crat.tree. with orchestra; mite, ••Through
Field and Foreit" (Eileuberg); reading, se
lected, Miss Clara Louise Safford; violin solo,
"Hungarian Rhapsodic" (Hauser), Sigreund
Beel: soprano *010, (a) "Toll Me, My Heart"
(Bishop), (6) "Sweetheart" (Lynes), Miss Doro
thy Goodsell; organ and orchestra, Marche et
Cortege, -'The Queen of Sheba" (Gounod), Wil
liam B. King and orchestra.
Julius, eldest son of Mr. and Mri. A. Springer,
will bo bar mitzvar at the Geary-street Temple,
on Saturday, September 26. He will receive
on Sunday, September 27, at 1059 Golden Gate
avenue.
Distributing the Charter.
The demand for copies of the chtrrter has
been so great that more than 6000 copies had
been given away by the Charter Association
up to yesterday. Many citizens call at the
office" of the association in the Mills building
for copies of the charter. In many instances
they secured from 50 to 100 copies, which
they promised to distribute with advantage
among members of the organizations repre
sented by them. Ten copies have been sent to
each of the organizations in San Francisco
and many additional requests have come froni
thesa bodies for more copies. As the Charter
Association has had 20,000 copies printed
every person who applies at Its offices in the
Mills building will be given as many as de
sired. A copy will be cheerfully sent without
any charge to any person sending a postal
card to the Citizens' Charter Association.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
IS A WOMAN MINER.
Arrival of Mrs. Mary King, Who
Has Made a Fortune in
Kern County.
The L;dy a SkilUd Assayer and
Knows Mining in All Its
Details.
Mrs. Mary King, owner and manager of
the noted Talc gold mines at Kings Camp,
forty miles northeast of Bakerstield, is at
the Russ. Mrs. King is a practical assayer
and has the active superintenuency of these
mines. The properties are paying hand
somely.
The lady learned mining thoroughly
from her husband, George W. King. He
taught her all about making practical
tests of the different kinds of ores, running
the engines, mill and otber machinery
and timbering the mine. Tnere is noth
ing appertaining to that kind of gold min
ing of which she has not a good scientific
knowledge.
Since her Husband's death several
months ago she has had the sole super
vision of the property, and her ability is
shown by the fact that she is reaping rich
dividends every month.
"I would not exchange mining for any
other business that I know of, because it
is so independent and so profitable, pro
vided one understands it," said the lady
to a Call representative yesterday. "There
is no reason why a woman cannot carry
on the work of mining and mate money
the same as a man. A woman can acquire
the knowledge as readily as anybody else.
"One beauty about mining is that you
pet your money about as honestly as ft is
possible to get. It is unlike business,
where you have to use ail kinds of schemes
to make sales, and perhaps take advan
tage of customers. You get out your
balls of amalgam from the mill, and "any
time you want money you can taice your
gold and get it. Mining is so independent
that I count it the best of all things in
wnich anybody can engage.
"During tlie years that my husband and
I lived at the mine he taught me assaying,
how to follow tbe veins and run all tne
machinery. To-day I can make fire or
other tests of the ore as good as anybody.
I can make horn tests, and if the amal
gamator is away I can do as I did for sev
eral days awhile ago when he waa sick. \
take his place. I know oy the sound of j
the machinery if everything is running
right, even when I am at borne iv my
house above the mine.
"The reason why these are called the
Talc mines is because just inside the gran
ite walls of the quartz, and next to "it on
each side, is ffiayer of talc about a foot
thick. This talc is as rich in gold as the
quartz is. Both run on the average a
little over $22 in cold to the ton. The
quartz vein is from twelve inches to two
and a half feet in thickness. It has been
opened for a distance of 750 feet. There
are in all four tunnels, one above the
otber, and all on the vein.
"There are sixteen claims in all in the
Talc property. The machinery is located
on the Saginaw claim. I had a man ex
amine the upper workings a few days ago,
and he estimated that there were iroru
18,000 to 10,000 tons of this ave:a«e rich
ore in sight. There is a great deal more
ore besides what is in the upr er part. I
may say there are thousands of tons.
"Dr. Hatch of the State Insane Asylum
owns an interest in the mine, but he leaves
everything to me, and says that whatever
I do that in my judgment is best for the
mine is all right. We are working a lorce
of eleven men now, and are running a six
foot Huntineton crusher, which handles
about twenty tons of ore a tiay.
"I have no reason to complain of the
showing we ate making in any way. In
fact lam delighted with it. I have got all
the money that I shall want. It is a clean,
dry mine. It is ho clean that I can go
down there any day with a white dress and
slippers and not gel it soiled in the least.
Yes, mining is certainly a very nice busi
ness. I wonder why more people don't go
iv to it.
"A woman as well as a man, who really
understands mining, can go out and
locate a mine and make it pay. There la
nothing about it that is not based on good
sense. It is simply a case of mystery giv
ing way to a knowledge of the work in
hand."
Mrs. King is here for a few days on
matters pertaining to the mine. She is a
lady naturally disinclined to talk for pub
lication, but it was explained to her that
lier success would interest thousands of
people with whom the achievements of a
woman in mining is a novelty.
Surplus of John Itrowng.
A case of peculiar interest has just come to
light In the local pension office, though the
wrong, if any, has been going on for nearly
ten years. It seems that in I^B7 John Brown
oi Stockton made application for a pension.
Before the case could be acted upon he left for
Southern California and is now residing, so it
is said, hi Fresno. In time Brown's applica
tion was approved and returned to the address
given, Stockton. The papers were delivered to
another John Brown, who until 1894 drew
the money due the original applicant. The
Stockton Brown died iv the early part of 1895
and his wife immediately asked for an in
crease. In the meantime the first Brown had
been heard Irom and hence tne request of the
supposed widow for an increase created some
confusion at Washington. The matter has
been referred to the local pension agent, who
is endeavoring to fiud out if a fraud has been
committed.
Young, but Very "Tough."
Nick Bontine, alias Murphy, a youthful and
diminutive criminal, appeared belore Police
Judge Campbell on a charge of grand larceny
and wai held for trial in #2500 bonds yester
day. Nicfc Is only 12 years of ago, but accord
ing to tfr^pollce he is thoroughly depraved.
A short time ago "stood up" a messenger
boy on Broadway and robbed him of 13 cents.
Under the law a Police Judge cannot send
boys to the Whittier Reform School, except by
branding them as telons, and Nick is such a
dangerous character that Jndee Campbell de
cided that Whittier Is where the boy belongs.
. * — «—•« — •-
M'GRAW'S STEPDAUGHTER.
Trouble Over Her Causes Her Mother
to Seek a Divorce.
Hugh McGraw does not like his step
daughter, and in consequence his family
life is most unhappy.
He has lived at the Golden West Hotel
for tome time, together with his wife and
her daughter. One day besought to cor
rect the young woman and Mrs. McGraw
interfered. The result was a general row,
which culminated in a suit for divorce,
which was filed yesterday.
The wife alleges that her spouse is ex
tremely cruel and that he has several
times choked her ana once struck her with
his fist.
The parties were married July 24, 1891,
and have no children or community
property.
The Divorce Court*.
Judire Troutt Friday granted a divorce to
Maud E. West from Alfred L. West became of
the latter's desertion and neglect.
Louise Levy wns granted a divorce from
Sigmund Levy by Judge Sanderson because of
the defendant's failure to provide.
Desertion was the cause of Joseph Bahrs' di
vorce irom Mary Bahrs, granted by Judge
Daingerfield. The custody of three minor
children was awarded to plaintiff.
Judge Troutt is investigating the Hellman
divorce case. The wife claims her husband
secured a decree by fraud.
Iroquois Breakfast Postponed.
Owing to the inclemency of the weather tne
annual bullshead breakfast of the Iroquois
Club has been postponed from September 20
to Sunday, October 4.
NEW TO-PAY.
|k What
|t Manly
/JKI, Power
JLJ^ Does!
It makes your life happy because it makes you feel that the
greatest of Nature's gifts has been preserved by you.
It makes your nerves strong and gives you the sensation of
true manhood. It makes you a power among men, because they
recognize in you a superior type of man.
•". ':'/'•/"
It is worth while being a strong man, because not one in
ten is really and truly free from the effects of habits formed in
youth.
The man who is lacking in vital force is only half a man.
He lacks confidence in himself ; he is confused in ideas and slow
of brain ; his sleep is unrefreshing, back weak, heart weak ; he
is really on the verge of nervous collapse half the time, and
easily gives way to temptations and excesses ; he is the man who
needs such a remedy as
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
Made and perfected for the >■%.
cure of weak men; in this it /~~"-i$»i vks.\
brings health and happiness to (,(tfrA \ \
all men who have wasted, the ili!^ • \\\
force of manly energy. "Elec- jfv\ H \^-J \ \
tricity is Life" to such men, and 'dSISf y/\ NvcJ^^*^ - \ \j
this famous belt is the spring IPll*^-- "-^L_ — '^
from which all men may drink ll&y Vv - ~^?r~~~^&4*fmf
"It is with pleasure that I report to you that W JVV il *~Z' | W^i
lam fully restored. I have suffered for twenty M /a. \\ \. i Jt^ Li^H ■£«?
years from nervou* debility and have tried 1 «8 K$V
everything without benefit until I got your 1 j|»Seisfe^S**J|^HM *§?>i
belt. It has gradually restored my manhood, I '^^S^^ l^^^^^^^^\ct^¥
nndlam now perfect," writes Peter Larson, «L W^r^t
Company E, Tenth Infantry, Fort Bill, Okla- legk^ toS*^'
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is . >||( *" vi> ' T^^^r
not an experiment. Cures like
the above have been repeated daily for years. v It is a positive
cure for all nervous troubles, whatever the cause. Why do you
not save the money you pay doctors for three months' treatment
and try something new ? Drugs are old and proven useless for
such troubles. ,
Here Is a Late Cure.
' / ' SAN FRANCISCO, September 11, '96.
Dr. A. T. ! Sanaen— Dear Sir: I purchased one of your Belts last spring and I can recom-
mend it highly. My case was weakness of long standing. I spent all the money I could
earn last year lor medicines and doctors, without the least benefit. 1 have worn two other
belts, but your belt is far superior to them. It has dona me more good in two months than any
amount of medicine could. I can recommend it to any one suffering from similar troubles.
Yours respectfully, . ,< ; , .T. r 'H. STUART, 1139 Market Street
It will make you strong ; it will steady your nerves and
check all waste power, in thirty days. Ita full force is directed
to the weak parts and the effect is magical. Cures of the worst
cases are made in two months.
HAVE YOU SEEN IT?
If not call and examine this wonderful belt. Test the powerful cur-
rent it gives and see how easily regulated it is. Don't be ignor-
ant of a remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and
assure your future happiness. Don't delay ; act now. Get the
book Three Classes , of Men," sealed, free. Call or address .
»-A-»JI>3EJ3>a" EIiBOTHIO CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE . PAL ACE • HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
;.;.:: ~j- — OFFIO33S Jb.1 1
108 ANGELES, CXI * I PORTLAND, OR. "
iC4 boutb Broadway. [ 253 WaaUUyfton stroaU
TO ROAST FIVE STEERS.
Journeymen Butchers Will Have
a Grand Parade and
Barbecue.
San Joss To-Day Is Certain to Present
a Gala Appearance When Invaded
by Three Lodges.
All preparations are now complete for
the grand excursion of the Journeymen
Butchers to San Jose to-day.
Four thousand pounds of beef, con
tributed by five steers, will be roasted at
the barbecue, whereat 3000 loaves of bread
will be distributed. There will be games
and dancing at two pavilions. The fes
tivities will open with a parade having at
least 500 in line, headed by the Cnief of
Police of San Jose and a squad of oificers,
boss Butchers, etc. Three lodges of Jour
neymen butchers from San Francisco,
Oakland and Ban Jose, respectively, will
participate in the celebration.
The tound trip to San Jose and back, in
cluding admission to the barbecue, etc.,
will be open to the public at the low rate
of $1 per capita. Cars will i^ave Third and
Townsend streets at 0 a. V, and Four
teenth street, Oakland, at 8:45 a. h., re
turning from San Jose at 6:45 p. M., thus
giving a long day.
The committees in charge are composed
as follows, the full arrangements being
due to their arduous labor:
Excursion committee — San Francisco: John
C. Keeffe, John T. Broderick, L. T. Fox, M. R.
Jager. R. <J. Kelly. Oakland: Gus Roemer,
Joseph Pickford, George Lober, Eugene Enoch,
Fred Knott, San Jose: Charles Krouse. Charles
Miller, A. D. Lockhard, F. Bohr, H. Duhlion.
Officers: John O'Keefle, chairman; John T.
Broderick, secretary ; Louis \V. Hoenes, treas
urer.
Grand marshal, George Dwyer of San Jose;
chief aid, Charles Miller of San Jose; aids — J.
Lyons and H. C. Kelly, of San Francisco, and
J. Pickford and Fred Knott, ot Oakland.
Floor manager (large pavilion), Charles Ren
slnger of San Francisco; assistant floor man
ager (large paviliou), Henry Audifled of Oak
land; floor committee irom San Francisco —
William Wels, George A. Sctiade, Charles Weis
neimer, Morris Marks, Henry Schwat; floor
manager (small pavilion}, Gus Wcndt of San
Jose.
■ •• — — •
Will AssUt to Defeat.
The Labor Council have been solicited by
the Woman's Liberal Lsague to detail speakers
from the various labor unions in the City to
assist at tlie Thursday night meeting of the
league at Metropolitan Hall, where the alleged
defects of the proposed charter will be laid
bare to public view.
Stipd the Railroad.
The heirs of Robert H. Green hare sued the
Southern Pacific Company for $20,000 dam.
age*. Green was killed by a train while walk-
Ing on the track in the Mission, and his death
is said to be clue to the deienilant's negli
gence.
NEW TO-DAY. ;
From 3^O3STlDj^."ir, Sept. SI,
<Ng>»GREAT SALE OF^
NEW MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
HALF PRICE
Corset Covers from 30 cents and upward.
Night Gowns from 60 cents and upward.
Drawers from 25 cents and upward.
Skirts from 30 cents and upward.
Chemises from 35 cents and upward.
Unique Opportunity. Uneqnaled Values.
JS33 SSF^CTOXj.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILiIjE IDE! &*Jk3ELJ:fS m
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
MISCELLANEOUS.
ff^^^^^^^ih makes the whole t ar- o
Qfij&j&fe&khL'' ily happy. Send five ■ 9
Q*jSgs>'\ «^7 two-cent stomps for %
fj&l (I '\ *1 Womankind three o
\kki .\ i^S orion th3 and receive 9
-WWimlaaw FREE. the Woman- X
QWu'i««3^^^ kind Cook Book, filled ?
*~ with tested recipes V
5 of practical housekeepers. You'll like X
5 the paper. It's able, bright and clean. o
9 Address, WOMANKIND. 9
J wention this paper. Springfield, Ohio. X
w These tiny Capsules are superior
W\% to Balsam of Copaiba, /^*\|
i% 1 CubebsorSniectionsandfMOf I
I£J CURE IN 48 HOURS V->M
*W J the 6ame diseases without
inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists,
railroad TRAVKtS
SMFR4BCISCO& NORTH PA-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry- Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— I3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. Jf.: 12:35
3:80, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5(1
•nd 11:30 p. K.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:80, 3:34
6:00. 6:20 p.m.
San Kufael to San Francisco. 'I'' 1
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trlpj
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 P. St.
SUNDAYB— 7 :35, 9:35, 11:10 a. If.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00,6:25 p.m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park same
schedule as above. ■ ..
• lieave ..„,, Arrive
San Francisco. April?. s * n Francisco.
Wkkk I Sun- i,-..?!'?;.-,. Sun- 1 Week
Days. | days, destination. aAY9^ | DaY3
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 r-M 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm 6:00 Pit Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:80 pm 6:15 pm
— — —
Pi«ta,
7:30 am Honland <S . , 10:10 am
3 :30 j 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 6:15
7:30 am I s 10 :10 am
7 :30 am OuernevUle. 7 :S0 pm
3:30 PM | 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am! gebastonoL 1 10:40 AM. 10:10 am
3:3opmls:oopml bebastopoU ( 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
st aces connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs ; at Geyservllle lor Skasrss (Springs; ac
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Ki'lseyvllle, Boda Hay and i.akeport; at
HopUnd for Lakeport and Bartlett Spring i; at
TJkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bins
Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Upper L&icc, Porno, Potter*
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Booneville,
Greenwood, (Jit's Hot Springs. Mondocino City,
Fort Bragg, Westport , Wsal, Wiilets, Cahto, Co-
ve!o, Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at rednc3J
rates. ■ ,••.- . . ;-,'-.•-
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, % R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. , ■ Gen. Pass. Agent.
&ORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saugalltd Ferry).
From Ban Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 1893.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— "7 »9:15.
11:00 a. M.: »1:45, 3:45, *5:15, •5:45,6:30 p.m.
Extra trips for Sin ltafael on Mondays, Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 -.30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San liafael— *B:oo, »10:00
•11:30 a. m.: ♦l-.SO, 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 P. m.
Trains marked • run to San Que'ntln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes and- way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8 :00 a. m. Sundays, 1:45 p. m. Satur-
days. » .
. or Cazadcro and way stations— 7:2s a. m. week-
days: 1:45 P. M. Saturdays.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS.
Train* connect with North Pacific
Coast Railroad. •■ <••
WEEK DAYS— Leave aF. 9:1"5 a. m. 1:45 p m.
Returning— Arrive S. f. 3:25 p m. 6:20 P m
SUNDAYS— Leave Ba. U. 11:80 a.m. I:3opm.
Returning— Arrive s.K.I :ib p.m. 4:20 e.u. 7:35 rm
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
.«,.?, . OS - COOK * SOXS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
Kill Valley and lleunt Tamaipala acenic Hallway.
|^^WSo«STQREDvSS4j
fl \Y\ f-T §?• & tioa oi a If tnous Vrjnc^ physician , will quietly cure you of all ner.
iHVy^^/ XV MANHOOD RESTOREDSS
T^ <? WmW » tion oi » famous I'rench physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
V^> /Al \> ~, \T J OT 3 or diseases of tbe generative crMng, s /ch as LostMMb^
Pfl T M&l VJ t/*&& insomnla^Fains In the Bade, emlnal£ m i3si()ns,>>rvousDebnitv'
m VJT^t V ****r PJmplesTtJnfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicnrete and
M ;i V T V -/ Constination. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevent? quick-
m A*-/ >«>a */ : aess of discharge, which if not cliPCked Wds to SDermHtorrhcea and
I BEFORE M . AFTER |j d £^? h^^ td
■*" CCPIOEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. - •• ■
_j" The reason sufferer: are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled win*
. : ProatstltlM. CDPIDEX Bis the only kno *a remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimonL
els. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cum"
f LOO a box , six for $5.00, by mall. Bond for circular and testimonials. i~"«ic«i,tuiß
Address D.WOI* JJItiDiCUSIi CO., 1170 Market street, Ban Francisco, Cal. For sale by
JtftOOJx? iliAiiaiAUY, H9 jfoweUaueafc
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry Landing, foot or
Market St., at 8:00 p. Ac
ODrPIJII ) <Mf) 'including Berth,
OrhulALf Oil) Tourist Sleeper.
RATES V Sl9 First-class, including
RATES' SI 9 Berth, Standard "
lm ■ ■»** V I U Sleeper.
For further Information apply at 813 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), a F.
KK'.UAIII) UKAY, T. 11. OOOIJMAS,
Gen. frame Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
seiTHEUS PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BISTEM.)
Train* leave ami nro tine to arrive at
-■-:;->.';■ SAN IKANt'I.SrO. ;. ; :-.V"
leave — From September 3, 1336. — arriv«
«O:OOa Niles. San Joso and AY ay Stations . . . 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic Express, Ugden and I'.ast.. 8:15p
7:OOa Beciria, VacStTilie, ituir.aoy. Sacra-
mento, OroviUs and Redding via
Davis ;..<• 6:45p
7:90 a Martinez, San Kamon, Nap*, Calls*
null Santa Rosa. Bil3p
•iSOANilcs, Km .lose, Stockton, lone,
Sacra:neuto, Jlarysvill'j and lied
ninir 4ji»f
•8: 80 a Peters anil Milton «7:13p
9:«i»a Los Angclea Express, Fresno, Santa
Uarbara and l.os Angeles 4:l!*p
9:00 a Mtrtlncz end Stookton 11: 13a
• 9:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
l:OOp Niles, San Joso anil Livennore 8:45 a
«I:<M»p Sacramento ltivor Strainers *U:OOp
fl:3op Port Costa anil Way Stations t7:43r
4:OOi- Martinez, Ban ltanion. Vnllcjo.
Napn, Caltstoga, Xl Verano and *
Santa Ho3i 9ils*
4i**p Benicia, Vaaville, Epparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys-
ville, Oroville aod&acAineuto..., 10:45 a
4:SOp Nllon, Rnn Jose, Lirermore and
Stockton 7tWr
Merced, Ucrcnda, Raymond (for
-.'•'•■ Ycsem'tc) and Fre33o 1 1:45 a
s:*op New Orleans HxpriTS.Kresno.Caliers-
field, Kauta U»rbiira,Lo3 Angek'R,
I)ei3i:it', El Paso, New Orleans and
B«t . 1 A.IK A
0:00p Santa Fa lloute. Atlantic press
forMojave anil l.'ost 10:13 a
SiOOp VaUcjo 11i45a
6:OOi> European Mail, Oi'den and Kast.... 0:43 a
B:OOpllayr.:ir<l-), Nllcs ami San Jose 7:4« a
17:OOpValleJo t7i4s*
7:00p Oregon i;xpr» i .i8 t .Sa.cranicnto, Jlarjs- ;
villo. Iteililliig. Portland, Piiget
Kuumlitixl Kasb Io>4Ba
SANTA CIUZ IHVIMON (Narrow (inui;»).
17:4,3 a Maata Cruz Excursion, t?anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations J8:03»
■ :I!Ja New.irk.OMtorvii!<\S:u>.loBe,Felton,
I'.oi'.ldcr Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Btsop
••:15p Newark. CenterTille, San Jose, New
Alniaileii, Felton, l\iu!dcr Crock,
Pant-.v e'niz nnil Principal Way
Stations..... ....•lIJ2OA
4 1 1 3 p Nev.-n r}:. Hau.loao and 1 .os 0at05.... »:30a
COAST lUVISION (lliini & tonnsciid Stu.) '•
*U:4sa «au Jos* and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) U;4 7a
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JS:.l3p
8:15 a San Joso, I'ren Piuos, S:nitn Cruz,
Pacilio Grove. Paso Roblcs, .San
Luis (Hiispo, O.uadalupe uiiil Prin-
cipal Way Hellions 7:03
J9»47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl:80p
■ 4>:4Oa San Jorb ami Why Stations 5:00p
I I:30a Palo Alto and Way Station . . 3:UOp
*a:3Oi-;jaa Mateo, Mcnlo Park, .San Jose,
- . Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cnu,
Balinas,MoaterfyaiHlPaclCcCJrove Ho:4ox
i •3::i«p San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations..... M:3op
•4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations •S:<iGa
B:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations «»:4Sa
6i:jor flan Jose anil Way Stations 0:33 a
tH:-£»P San Jogu n»»l Way Stalioaß t7:43p
•v\.N"IiKASI»KO AMI> MAItWAKIIS I.O«:AIi.
T*«:OOa "I , ( 7:13 a
8:00 a f«:43\
iS.OOa Melr e,S«»i>mr 7 Park, s?jjgj
"I'oof Fltchb«rg,SaaLeaiulro " ( fjjgj
4 3 ;88p • ' » d ■ Silip
i:BSp I H *^" d »- ?-iip
7:OOp 8:45p
»-OOp ' Runs through to Niles. ' '- 1 0:30
Hl»*:lspJ tFromKiles. . \ ftl2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trom FRIKCISCO— Poot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 11:O0a.H. U:O3 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 tS:OO *C:OOr.M..
Kroa OAKUHD— Foot of Broad v»j.— C:00 8:00
10:00».M. 412:00 '1:00 t8:00 »3:00 tl:00
'3:02 p.m.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays except«d. ' t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only. ,
ft Monday, Thursday and gaJlirfay nights only.
Atlantic *fig£g*|
KAttKOAD m-'f^^^^^^k
Trains leave and arriva hi JKjffiJSgjKggaM
Market-Street I'erry. v^ JiSv-f^^ji^J
SANTA FiTEXPRFSS. WgM
To Chicago via A. & t' . \agJjg»f£tp^ >T i gij
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., curryiu* -FulJman
Palace DrawlDg-room Sleepers, also Modern L p.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean lines
and bedding and In cbar«t» of a porter, run daily
I throtub to Ciucago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and Si. Louis.
' Persona'ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Cuy, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to the East.
Now rails, new ties: do dust; interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dlntng-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office,* 644 Market
St., Chronicle Huilding. Telephone Mala
I 1531. Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
■ ■ ■ ....•■
2122
THE MUSCLES
SHOULD BE
MORE SENSITIVE
Did you ever try to push a kitten over
the edge of a step? The question has a
suggestion of cruelty, but kittens have a
way of getting under foot, and the cat is a
frequent victim to the popular belief that
she has nine lives- But if in a moment of
haste and irritation you ever did give a
kitten a thrust from the edge of stair,
chair or table you doubtless remember how
determinedly it resisted the impulse that
obeyed would have precipitated it floor
ward. With all Its not inconsiderable
might, with bracing of paws and clutch
ing ciaws, the timid speck of a kitten,
whose eyes are open, will resist whatever
its instinct warns it is likely to produce
pain. You do not have to guard the
small creature from harm as, for instance,
you must guard the baby. If by chance it
does get a tall can you imagine any young
cat in possession of its senses rolling from
top to bottom of a stair as a young or fre
quently an adult human being seems to
think he must simply because he has
fallen over the first step?
I read recently with considerable amuse
ment an account of how would-be actors
are taught to fall. It was curiously sug
gestive of the faulty training we give these
bodies of ours, that we should for a mo
ment consider it an art for any man who
knows he is going to fall at a certain in
stant to go down in such a way as not to
sustain any injury. Not only should we
be able to do this, but had we such pos
session of our faculties as should be the
inheritance of every human being we
might easily prevent ourselves from fall
ing at unexpected times, or when we fall
unexpectedly might unconsciously gather
ourselves as quickly as a cat does and, like
her, fall upon our feet.
The young cat shrinks back from the
brink over which the young child calmly
rolls to serious injury, not really because
it has an instinct which the child does not
possess, which warns it of possible barm,
but because it possesses in addition a
muscular consciousness descended to it
turough countless generations or ances
tors who have developed this couecioui*
ness through use.
The cat is not alone in possessing it.
You cannot pass your hand before the
eyes of a blind horse without causing the
creature to wince; not because he sees
your hand, which may be a foot away
from his face, but because his sensitive
muscles warn him of its presence. All
< reatureß, even very young ones, have the
ability of self-protection to a greater de
gree than the human being, but there is
no reason in the nature of things why
t ais should be so. If mothers, instead of
hovering over thtir children, forbidding
them every sort of amusement that seems
to possess an element of danger and ren- j
dering them helpless by unnecessary care
and attendance, devoted a little intelligent
effort to teaching them to recognize and I
avoid danger, we should have fewer in
eliiciems and fewer accidents than we now
hear of.
As it is most of us never learn what our
bodies are capable of. We are content to
accept the theory that we have five senses;
to give these a fair degree of development
and to consider that thus we have fulfilled
the demands of "the modern fad for phys
ical culture." But we shall never do
enough until we have become as deft as
cats in the handling of our bodies.
Children should be given exercise which
does more than develop the muscles.
These can really grow at the expense of
the nerves that supply them, while their
real muscular consciousness or sensitive
ness remains undeveloped. We are still a
long way behind the Japanese in athletic
training, and we shall remain behind
them until we learn that deftness and
efficiency are as desirable as mere strength.
Of what avail is it that a man can strike
a sledge-hammer blow when awake if an
enemy can catch him sleeping? The human
SOME NEW AND BECOMING BICYCLE COSTUMES THAT ARE POPULAR
Under the first head comes the San Bouci costume, which can readily be appre
ciated even by those wi-o wear bloomers, as it is a jaunty habit of the newest cut.
Ihe cloth is a slate- K ray tweed, the collar being of white boxclotb. The girdle neck
'"^"k, li ? ln ? ° f thG Zo ° aYe J acketareof back satin; the white gloves are stitched
with black, the shirt bosom is speckled with it and a ribbon of black aatin encircles
the very becoming cap.
I know the criticisms made concerning such skirts, but a woman who is a perfect
mistress of the wheel not long ago declared that there was no danger to be appre
hended from lon X skirts except from beginners. However, I know that the "divided
skirt," or as it is called the "new bicycling skirt," is regarded with greater approval
by many. The stylish one illustrated buttons down the center of the front the back
when riding, being unbuttoned, so as to fall on either side of the wheel. When wait
ing the skirt looks like any ordinary one. The gown is of fawn cloth and the coat is
lined with white satin; the large white collar is of cloth, striped with fawn.
The hat of Panama straw has a full bow of a blue shot taffeta ribbon at the left
side. The result is excellent, but numerous are those who do not feel *afe even when
thus attired; so an ingenious English woman evolved the loose-fitting knicker
bocker costume. This has been patented. By means of strings the knickerbockers
can be quickly converted into skirts. The model given is of an nn usually light weight
greenish cheviot, lined with a rich dark crimson surah. The pleated Norfolk jacket is
at once seen to be the worn of a good tailor, so excellently well does it tit, the pleats
setting perfectly. The belt worn is an unusually handsome one of green alligator
skin, the buckle being of dull gold. The gaitera are of a fine black cloth. As yet I
being who boasts that he has strong nerves
because he is not airaid of ghosts and can
suffer or see suffering- without flinching
may betray himseif, unconsciously, by his
involuntary start at a sharp unexpected
noise or the quiet approach of another
person.
We know how acute becomes the con
sciousness of those who live much with
nature; but civilization is rapidly lower
ing the physical standard of man and all
our boasted physical culture is not suffi
cient to counteract its enervating in
fluences.
I spoke in my last paper of the benefit
to be derived from so simple an exercise
as making the tips of the thumbs meet
accurately above the head. There are
other "trifles light as air" that are equally
useful and as easily practiced. If you
wish to Know how little real muscular
consciousness there is in the tips of your
fingers, despite the exquisite nervous en
dowment of these organs, here is a test
for it:
Close your eyes and resting your elbows
upon the table before you endeavor to
make the tips of your two forefingers meet.
After several attempts you will bump them
together, but it will take considerable
practice before you will be able to touch
tip to tip lightly, delicately, quickly'and
accurately. You will not be able to main
tain your first effort very long, not be
cause of muscular fatigue, but because of
the strain upon your closed eyes.
These organs are almost the most hope
lessly overworked servants in the body.
So accustomed are they to doing the work
of all the other members that even the
closing of the lids is not always taken by
them as a signal to go off duty, and quite
unconsciously on your part the eyes
strain and tire themselves in the vain ef
fort to see the whereabouts of each finger
and telegraph it to the br,ain, that the
latter may guide the wandering tips to
the trysting place. This, because, with a
nervous endowment superior to that of
any other creature, we suffered our sense
of touch to deteriorate until we uncon
sciously rely upon sight for the aid it
should give us.
Psychologists tell us that muscular ac
tivity is, after all, mental activity. This
is undoubtedly true, but even the most
active brain cannot move promptly
through irresponsive muscies, and hitherto
the tendency of most of our physical cul
ture has been to make the muscles re
sponsive to but one demand of the brain
that calling upon them to put forth
strength. What we need now is training
that shall make our muscles sensitive as
well as strong. The right hand has been
too long ignorant of what the left hand is
doing, while at the same time the two
have been too long dependent upon direc
tion from the same centers. The two act
together unconsciously, yet lack the keen
perception by which they unerringly meet
in the dark. The sam« lack of real co
ordination exists between hands and feet.
If you do not believe it try so simple an
exercise as a conscious direction of the in
teraction of the legs and arms in walking.
"You will find, for instance, that if you
swing yourarms at all the right one conies
forward at the same time as does the left
foot. Now. try walking steadily and light
ly, bringing your right arm forward simul
taneously with your right foot. It will
take you some little time to learn how.
Probably you will lose your balance, or
even get a fall before you accomplish the
new trick. It is worlh while to persevere,
however, if only for the satisfaction of
knowing where your arms and legs really
are, and that they are there in response to
intelligent direction from the brain. There
is another benefit in the action, in that it
brings into play muscles not generally
used and thereby increases the body's
power and usefulness.
Man differs from the lower animals in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
that he must learn through experience
what they know by instinct. The child
learns, in time, what the kitten knows in
stinctively, that to crawl over the edge of
the top stair is to fall, but few of us learn,
as we go through life, what the kitten ac
quires almost as soon as it can run. the
art of catching ourselves, balancing our
selves and assisting a fall in such manner
as to fall upon our feet. When, by some
lucky chance we do fall thus, we are
almost certain to come down flat-footed,
the most of our weieht upon our heels,
with the kind of concussion some one has
graphically described as driving the
spinal cord through the brain." Most
women jump this way and never seem to
learn the art of coming down upon the
toes, bending the knees and recovering
the balance with a little upward spring.
The exercises that promote muscular
sensitiveness are of so gentle an order that
the athletic girl is apt to smile at hearing
them called exercise. They are of value,
however, even in the matter of increasing
strength. In this class belong many of
the exercises in the Swedish system of
physical culture, movements directed
toward the gentle, systematic, progres
sive awakening or each muscle in the
body, bringing all to harmonious growth,
rather than a te^r, or even a majority to
excessive development. This last, it can
not be too often said, is the tendency, and
a mischievous one, of nearly all modern
athletic fads. Whoever takes up some
athletic pastime rides it as a hobby,
wheeling, rowing, riding, playing golf or
tennis, until there is a specialization of
the muscular development, with— be it
carefully noted — a corresponding special
ization of brain development, for if mus
cular activity is really brain activity, then
it follows that the particular portions of
the brain that control oft-repeated special
muscular acts develop equally with the
muscles they control, and at the expense
of other less exercised areas. Carefully
considered, this view of the matter must
materially alter the ordinary conception of
"a sound mind in a sound body."
The physical culture of the future, to
be really worthy of being called physical
Skirts That Reach the Ankle, the Divided Skirt,
Patented Knickerbockers and Bloomers
Bicycle Costumes the Skirt That Reaches the Ankles, the Divided Skirt, Patented,
Knickerbockers and Bloomers
have not had the pleasure of investigating such a costume so must leave to your
imagination how the cords are arranged, and how tne skirt ia cat, what its width, etc.
I can only add that there are many admirers of the knickerbocker skirt in this coun
try. The sailor hat worn is of blacfc straw, two green quills being stuck through the
black ribbon band. 6
It is true that bloomers are regarded with great prejudice by many charming
women; and I confess that in spite of the fact that they are certainly the safest tosrs
to wear on a bicycle, I cannot bear to see women wearing them-well, say, in the
park. In the seclusion of the country they are not so bad. and of course 'there are
bloomers and bloomers; for instance, the least objectionable I have ever seen were cut
full and were composed of a dark blue serge. Ti !6 coat was beyond all criticism and
lined with dark green taffeta. The shirtwaist, the tie. ths gaiters, the hat and gloves
comd not have Deen improved upon. At first in Paris knickerbockers and bloomers
made a strong bid for popular favor, and many were the jokes and cartoons circulated
culture, will aim at producing in the hu
man being the same sensitiveness that
warns the lower animals of danger and
makes their muscles alert and prompt
to act. By all rights instruction in the
noble art of self-defense should include
development of the special senses of sight,
taste, smell and touch as well as of the
muscles that enable one to strike from the
shoulder, for as civilization advances it is
presumable that dangers will come oftener
along these lines than by direct violence.
Penelope Powelson.
THE FASHION IN FURS
Already we have been given an idea or
two concerning what are to be the fash
ions in furs. Caracule will probably be
worn considerably. It is being made up
into longer and fuller capes than last
winter, as both Caracule and mink capes
are being made so full that they fall in
regular flute«, and Borne of last year's
styles are lengthened by adding a gathered
flouncing of fur to the hem. The result is
said to be good, but I rather doubt it.
Some sealskins are being treated in a
simiiar manner.
FASHIONS
FOR
GENTLEMEN
The predictions that men wou.'d shortly
be seen attired in waistcoats and
ties of a rainbow-like brilliancy will not be
verified this winter; instead, even the
fawn-colored waistcoat is passe, the white
having taken its place for afternoon dress,
and brown shoes are not to be worn ex
cepting for country wear or for mufti.
Rough goods are among the most stylish
which have thus far reached New York,
and for lounge suits cheviots will be much
worn by smart men.
Covert coats are preferred in drab. They
are to be made loose, and only a good
tailor can cut the new coats with any
measure of success.
"Him" in his last article gives some val
uable information, as he is well qualified
to do. Concerning the frock coat he writes:
The frock coat will have three buttons and
will extend exactly to the knees. My tailor
furnishes me these data, which I should say
can be taken as an absolute criterion: "The
skirts are moderately long, say about forty
inches, and the natural waist— whatever that
may mean— is 17 and the fashion waist 18)^.
(I feel now as If I was calling out numbers in
his fitting room). Vicuna with a twill pattern
or perfectly smooth is the material. The
lapels are faced with silk. They are not built
up as formerly, and the shoulders are devoid
of padding. Men are expected to wear their
frock coats unbuttoned. Angola will be one
of the popular cloths for trousers. Gray
striped cashmere, however, is always consid
ered neat, conservative and smart The
promised checks have not matured." This
latter sentence has a financial ring about it,
albeit disinnl, which is quite refreshing.
Trousers will continue to be cut about 19
knee and 17^2 bottom.
It is very English now to call your dinner
coat a dress jacket, and our British cousins are
falling in line and are wearing that very use
ful garment at many minor functions. It
comes back to them after a season of being
transplanted, a popular hybrid which will al
ways have a place In their wardrobe. The
dress jacket has the roll collar and its siik fac
ings are brought to the very edge of the lapel.
I believe evening waistcoats will be without
collars.
Pajamas in pongee silk are very satisfac
tory, especialiy when the white is used, as
it is well known ping and blue silks are
more fashionable, but they soon have a
faded appearance. C. C.
r i diculine the English women, who from the first frowned upon such masculine irar
ments. Now the strictest English spinster is not more particular about bavin? h*
bicycle habit built with a skirt just to cover her shoetops than the French worn™
who prides herself on always being correctly attired. However many predict that ir
is only a question of time and we will cease to see anything out of the w»v i,.
bloomers and I am perfectly ready to admit that some of the most sensible of worne
consider them the most truly modest and correct attire, and l hU gh to scorn th* .tit
which, they declare, constantly catches in the wheel. In conclusion, let me commend
to your attention a description of a costume which lately appeared in Vogue as for
every wheelwoman it contains valuable advice: *"t>ue, as ior
"In the.park the other morning, when it was cool and delightful Thaw ah
ing cycling habit worn by a very pretty woman, accompanied by her tVo vrlm, .« m "
It was built of navy-blue corduroy cloth. In point of color and texture it la? g ?!'
A tight-fitting coat bodice belted with black satin, with narrow bain lvtrLfl ? °* *
the figure, which was slight and graceful. The bodice was worn with a diS V °
than which no other hangs half so well. A dark blue strawTn?i£k a K dlVlded sklrt «
niching of pinked-out blue taffetas, a bunch of blue qu l£ Z tie de TnTh' ™5 T
note of neatness and trimness so desirable. Then came the w«n « f* emph , asl u zed the
cate bands of throat and cuff linen, the immaculate Traylt^ ?« I'™ T I* ** deU "
mull, a pleasing feminine touch to soften the severe °Z h <ZZ ° bZHuI rJob d
hose above the neatest of black lies buttoned at the sides Th« frlh Sl ; k ; nb I bed
chamois gloves. Park rides and country rides each haw if.* ♦ , ? ° WhltC
answer for one will not for the other." aYe a Style and what will
Makcklla.
THE COSTUME
OF ONE
OCTOBER BRIDE
A lovely blonde created quite a little
flatter not many days ago, so beautiful
was she in a pale blue and white foulard
frock. The bodice of plain light blue
surah was covered with white mousseline
de soie with lace flowers let in transpar
ently. The perfectly cut skirt had in
numerable tiny tucks from' the waist to
the hips, while the waist wan trimmed
with five cordings set closely together in a
Vandyke pattern. Encircling the rounded
waist was a silver belt richly adorned with
turquoises, a slender string of which were
worn also around her throat.
An October's oride will leave home in
one of the most stylish tailor-made dresses
I have seen for a long time. It is of a
very handsome green smooth-faced ladies'
cloth. The little basque is short and cut
so as to show a smart bit of a V-shaped
vest of white cloth, braided with tiny
black and green silk braid. The short
cape, worn of the same material, is beauti
fully cut and lined with a novel black silk,
covered with green leaves exactly match
ing the green in the costume. The hat
which will De worn with it is an entirely
new shape felt, an exceptionally fine one,
which is trimmed with a studied sim
plicity.
This same bride has for one of her din
ner dresses quite a lovely crepe de chine
of a light pearl gray, that is to say the
skirt is of the crepe, around the bottom of
which are five very narrow rows of apple
green mousseiine de soie rnchings ; the
bodice is of apple-green mousseline desoie
over silk of tne same shade. A mere band
ruche of the mousseline is the only sleeve.
A wide sash of the crepe has two deep '
ruches on each end. Of course, it per
fectly matches the mousseline, and the
shade of gray is exactly tne right one to
combine with apple-green and vastly be
coming.
From Paris has just arrived a simple and
effective confection for an extremely styl
ish matron. The gown is made of a ma
terial which has a tobacco-brown back
ground, over which are small, raised, ir
regular lines of black, green, red and blue.
The plain, five-yard-wide ekirt is lined
with a beautiful quality of surah, which
changes from green to red and from red
to blue. The Eton-cut jacket reveals a vest
of white suede, most charmingly embroid
ered in brown, green, red and blue silks, a
veritable work of art. The sleeves are of
the old coat shape and have curious tri
angular-shaped little cuffs of the embroid
ered suede.
Many authorities declare that flounced
skirts will shortly be universally worn in
the evening, and it is reported that we are
to return to the old style by separate foun
dations, and these will induce the frilled
appearance round the hem which we are
about to be compelled to cultivate after
the style of our grandmothers. In this
case a separate silk foundation and a tight
bodice lining, also of silk, could be used
for half a dozen gowns, and should such
economy be necessary I should advise
them to have a good quality of white glace
taffeta, which can pay many visits to the
cleaners with satisfactory results.
Tulle is to be so generally used this win
ter that a description of a Newport pown
:om posed of it is worthy of serious con *
liaeration.
Most of us have been attending the
>penings this week, and I have been espe
:ially interested in the displays of hats
md bonnets. Some were good, some were
>ad and several indifferent. However, I
elt amply repaid for my expenditure of
ime after investigating twenty or more of
he most chic of chapeaux tint ever left
:*aris. Every one showed that they had
seen selected with the greatest care by a
"Oman possessed of rare judgment and
aste, who certainly spent no less than
"o months in the gay capital choosing
lovelties that will delight even her most
fastidious customers. You must see a
French hat to appieciate fully its charms,
is even the most successful word-painters
fall far short of the mark, but I will at
tempt the description of a few of the mil
linery triumphs, each of which I found a
3ore temptation.
One love of a bonnet recalled a modified
colonial shape— that is to say, it has a
small brim and a dear little crown about
three inches high. It is composed of a
really beautiful shade of rose pink velvet,
a narrow edging of black ostrich feathers
surround it, and three or so good tips
stand up at one side. The lone pink taf
feta strings are edged with narrow black
Valenciennes lace. Near it reposed in a sub
stantial box a bonnet of canary velvet all
wrinkled and crinkled in a marvelous
manner, and every wrinkle and crinkle
was edged with real Valenciennes lace by
a creamy line. A touch of black gave it a
certain indescribable air quite delightful
and charming, and utterly different in
every respect was a third, which showed
how cleverly velvet, chenille and straw
can be handled. In it were blended two
shades of heliotrope, velvet with a touch
of white and some handsome jet.
An apricot velvet toque was much ad
mired by almost ever}' one, the rich vel
vet ana the truly exquisite-shaded roses
with their leaves will find a proper
resting-place, I trust, on the head ot a
beautiful brunette with a small oval face.
Another toque of quite a new shade of
crushed-strawberry velvet has a beaver
crown, roses matching the velvet, and
roses of a green shade are placed here and
there on the hat with excellent effect.
Chenille and straw are in high favor for
autumn wear and may be seen this winter
as well. A hat having a brim of a most
picturesque greenish straw mingled with
chenille of a darker shade has a crown of
fawn -colored felt. At either side are
bunches of black bird of paradise feathers
and here and there a small bow of black
watered moire ribbon.
I loat my neart to this creation until
1 realized the charms of a black one, in
which straw and cl enille were mingled,
and the very simple trimming consisted
of upstanding loop 3of white moire rib
bons with quillings on the edges of black
mousseline de soie, but all put together
in a certain way that but few milliners
understand, I almost forgot to mention a
unique bonnet which has two little crowns
of lovely oriental embroidery, done on
yellowish silk. The crowns are no le*s
odd than the rest ot the shape, which
looks like two black velvet triangles.
Black velvet and ostrich feathers also
enter into its complicated composition.
Some excellent English hats have also
arrived, which commend themselves
highly for morning wear. Mabcella.
HEW TO-DAY.
LEMONADE
Or Water Sets, consisting of a Two-
quart Pitcher. Six Glasses and Silver-
in Tray, in Genuine Bohemian Glass,
handsomely etched and decorated in
cold, regularly $2.25, so at »1.45 per
■et of Eight Pieces-a splendid bar-
gain.
Also 175 Two-Quart Jues, same
Style as above, go at 65 cents each.
85 Dinner Sets, 115 pieces, in Mea-
Kin s famous Decorated Royal Semi-
Porc°lain, have bsen reduced from $15
to VXO.oO.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrew's.
WANQENHBIM, STERNHEIM & CO.
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
BBXOW MONTQOMERT.
$67.50
4ROOMSFDRNITORE.
Kitchen: Table, 2 chairs,
stove(No.7). Dining-r.: Exten-
sion table, 4 oak chairs. Bedr.:
Selected ash set 7 pieces, wire
and top mattress, 2 pillows.
Parlor: Solid oak set 5 pieces.
CARPETS AT LOWEST PRICES.
SHIREK & SHIREK,
HOUSE FURNISIIEKS.
747 Market Street, Opposite Grant At«.
_j I Telephone: 5391.
x._ _ j 7 1 1 O-'Jil '1 r r n tr^ i> ,rm
REMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEC-
±\> tricity at $1 a. sitting; first sitting free: no
Bears left; moles, warts, etc., also removed.
The most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
■ relieves and soon cures all Colds. Hoarseness, Sor»
I Throat, Bronchitis, Congestions and Inflamm**
Uous. BOc per bottle, bold by Dru^e^MA SIMPLE INDOOR POSE— With classic background and artificial effects
of light and shade. \
W hen the first photograph of the human
figure was made by the famous Professor
Draper he had to eive his plate nearly an
hour's exposure. At the time this was
considered marvelously quick and the
DOGS IN WAR
Jrair\ir\g Gar\ii\e j^ets for
JMilitarvj Service
Since the Franco-Prussian war so many
innovations have been introduced and
have failed in the test of actual experience
in matters pertaining to war service that
we must regard it as practically a settled
matter when a nation like the Germans
maintains on a large scale an establish
ment for no other purpose than to train
dogs for war. But an experience of nearly
twenty years seems to have convinced
them, and there is no doubt but the next
war Germany is engaged in she will em
ploy on a large scale the dogs tiained for
the service of security and information.
The war dog will be particularly useful in
carrying reports to advanced patrols or
outposts and pickets, and also in assisting
outposts and in hunting up missing men.
It has been found that poodles, shepherd
dogs and bird dogs are the most suitable
for military training, but less atten
tion is paid to the breed of the
dog than to the purity of the breed
and me qualities necessary. These quali
ties are perfect health, a strong body with
broad chest, sinewy legs, acute ear and
nose, docility, watchfulness and gentle
ness. Of the three kinds named, poodles
are found the most docile, and are there
lore used for the purpose of instructing
young trainers in training young does.
Bat as they grow old they lose interest in
their wcrk and are then found Jacking.
TheshepnercJ dog is, in common with the
poodJe, exceedingly intelligent, has the
ability to withstand climatic changes,
and were it not for the element of affec
tion which is lacking he would be • the
mo«t valuable of all breeds. The bird
dogs com Dine the good qualities of botn
the foregoing breedß, and are moreover
distinguished by a high sense of duty and
attachment. The more that they become
conscious that other things are required
of them, the more do they lose their in
clination for hunting.
The course a war doe goes through is
certainly interesting, and it Is surprising
to know that like their human com
panions-in-arms they are required to at
tain certain degrees .of proficiency in
their training before being advanced from I
one grade to another. As each degree is
attained a certificate is issued, and when
all is through another, which is practi
cally a diploma, is issued, in which is
stated the breed, the pedigree, the attain
ments, age and name and full description
of the animal, and the organization to
which the dog is assigned. T;e require
ments in training are to be obedient to
certain calls and signals, to carry mes
sages with certainty, to maintain com
munication between different posts and
sentinels, to be watchful and bring notice
to sentinels of the approach of strangers,
and to hunt up missing men, though on
this last point but little training is neces
sary. The training is effected by one of
two methods, depending on the nature
and cbaracter of the dog. The first is the
forcible method, in which a dog is kept
isolated to insure a complete subordina
tion of his will to his trainer, while the
second is the mild method, in which par
ticular stress is laid on the dog's intelli
gence by gentle and persuasive means.
The training is divided into three parts,
(1) guiding by the line or thong; (2) de
velopment of watchfulness; (3) the going
and returning. In order to be more easily
understood by the doe, each part is sub
divided into preparatory parts or stage*,
and aa the further the work progresses
the greater is the development of the
dog's intelligence, and therefore the easier
the training, it is necessary to pass from
one stage to another gradually and never
demand from the animal more than is iti
way he posed his sitter was not looked
upon as of any importance, although the
professor found it a most dimcult matter.
Since that time great improvements have
been made in the manipulation of the
telligible to him. When the dog compre
hends what is expected of him, the next
step is to fix what Is learned by a constant
practice. According to the difficulty of the
exercise is the amount of time required.
The fewer punishments meted out the bet
ter it speaks for both dog and trainer, and
rewards also are given out sparingly that
the dog shall not be led to expect any
thing more than kind words on doing
duty properly. In punishing, the trainer
is required to be absolutely certain that it
is a case of downright disobedience on
the part of the dog before inflicting it,
which is done by either a scolding or a
beating with a stick. While kind words
and gentleness are used from birth, yet
the proper training doe? not commence be
fore the dog is at least six months old.
The exercise under the first part—lead
ing with the leash — requires the dog, who
i-> fastened by a leash or strap, to walk on
the left-hand side of the trainer without
the latter having to hold the line taut in
his band. The leash is a calfskin strap,
a half inch wide, with the upper end ar
ranged for slinging, and having a buckle.
It is about three feet lone, and is termi
nated in its lower end with a strong snap.
Instruction in this exercise is commencsd
very early. The dog is not allowed to
leave barracks except fastened by the
leash. At first the animal will want to
run forward or stand fast, but a pull on
the line and petting him and talking will
soon make him understand what is ex
pected. Should he stretch the line or pull
it, a thin Switch is used, and the dog must
understand tnat he must pay attention to
the trainer and to nothing else. Soon the
dog will walk alongside his trainer, who
has hold of the upper en-d of the leash, and
will walk «a«ily, so that the strap will
han» loosely. After this step is accom
plished thon comes the second or hieher
one of developing his watchfulness. This
quality is inborn in the dog, and but
needs training to develop it in the ri^lit
direction. It commences indoors. The
trainer with the dog is in a room, the sur
roundings of which are kept as quiet as
possible. An assistant trainer is then to
knock at the door. The dog's attention is
called to the noise and he is incited to
growl by the word "look oat," ana if the
dog should bark, this at first is not pre
vented. Tuen as he grows larger, stronger
and gains in self-confidence and courage,
he is taken at ni^hc, at which time his
hearing and alertness are more acute, to
some isolate! point, and after a little
while the assistant steals up on the wind
ward side, but at first not too quietly. If
the doe does not bark, he is incited to by
the trainer. Care, however, is taken that
he does not attack the assistant, as biting
dogs are not fit for military service, and.
at the same time, in this first training
none must act as assistant whom the dog
knows. After he has become accustomed
to giving notice of the approach of any one
He is then required to do it by a low growl
instead of barking, and then the more es
sential parts are taught him successively,
as when attached to a sentinel to give no
tice of the approach of Btrangers, and
when tied up to allow r»o stranger to come
near.
Then comes the last and most valuable
part of the training — the "going and re
turning." By ihib is understood that when
led away from his trainer by an assistant
he can be sent back to the former, or when
taken back or away by the trainer he can
be scut to the assistant and then return to
the trainer. During this training he is
taught to run back and retneve lost
articles, to use the pouch, etc. The dis
tances at first do doc exceed a third of a
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, IS9G
AMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHY
FIGURE COMPOSITIOH
photographic plate. The time of exposure
has been cut down to the fraction of a sec
ond, and developers have been so per
fected that almost any kind of an exposure
can be made to yield eood results. That
is from the scientific point of view. An
under-exposed plate can be intensified so
as to be brilliant, and an over-exposed
plate can be handled so as to produce the
result of being properly timed. The modus
operand! has been so simplified that an
hour's instruction is enough to enable a
person of common-sense to make good,
sharp negatives. But the work of posing
the fieure, so as to produce an artistic re
sult, remains as difficult as ever.
It is true that the commercial pho
tographers have, by certain arrangements
of backgrounds and skylights, so simpli
fied their work that it is only a few mo
ments' work to pose their sitter end get
the negative, but they do not make pic
tures that would be satisfactory to an
artist, in fact, the average so-called
"studio" photograph is simply atrocious
and full of errors of light and shade. The
very best galleries in the country will turn
out pictures of people with tbe face show
ing white against a cloudless sky. This is
a condition that can be seldom seen in na
ture. An easy way to test It is to hold a
white card against the aky and see bow
black it looks. Of course, if the face was
against a dark sky and the sun struck one
side of it, that side would look lighter
than the sky, but the contrast would be
violent and unpleasant, and not at all as
the studio pictures look. Tne face of the
sitter, under these conditions, would also
be liKely to have a "screwed-up'* ex
pression, on account of the sun striking
the eyes.
Now it is all very well and proper from
a business standpoint for the commercial
photographer to do this. His sitters are
eeneraily in a hurry, and prices are so low
as a general thine thai he can waste no
time experimenting with art. He must
get the picture aut and get his money for
it or his business will fail. And as long
as the people who get the pictures are
pleased, who shall complain? But the
amateur photographer snould be aa artist
and endeavor to produce something better
than anybody has done before. Tiiis is no
more expensive than to follow in the old
conventional rut, as the materials cost no
more, but of course it takes more time
"WHO GOES THERE ?" — THE MAN AND THE DOG ON PICKET DUTY.
mile, and all points of the road, both going
ana returning, should be known to the
dog. Alter a lime when tent back the dog
is allowed to select liis own route. In
retrieving only very light articles are used
at first, as handkerchief;', cloves, etc. Such
moments as the dog shows an inclination
for this kind of work are taken advantage of
by the trainer.
The next step forward is with the a —
slstanca of the assistant. The latter
holds the article in the hand, open, and
walks away. After a time the trainer
sends the do^ after him by the call "for
ward," and the dog, running to the as
sistant, takes the articlo from the open
hand and brings it to the trainer. Then
the exercises are continued by the trainer
and dog remaining standing; the assistant
advances, or the latter remains standing
and the former advances, until it is im
material to the dog whether he run for
ward or back in order to letch the article
Then the initials and terminal points of
the course are selected so that they cannot
be seen from each other, and the dog
taugh t to retrieve over it.
When the degree of proficiency neces
sary to go and return properly is reached
the finishing touches of the dog's educa
tion are taken up. He is taught to swim, 1
to cross streams by command, to carry
small articles longer distances, then to do
the same work in the dark and to hunt
missing men. He is accustomed to the
sound of firearms and cannon, and taught
to avoid ever going in front of the latter.
He is then required to do all his work by
command of some other than nis trainer,
the latter being out of sight and
sound, and finally, as an incentive
to good trainers, competitions are neld,
under the supervision of officers of
high rank, and. silver and gold med
als are given to those attaining the
greatest results with their dogs. Then
comes the pract cal part of all this train
and study. There is where the pleasure
comes in, however.
There are two ways of posing the human
figure to make photographs of it — indoors
and out of doors. Both are proper and
artistic, but it is not artistic to make a
picture of a person indoors with a back
ground painted to produce the effect of an
out of doors scene. That is the old con
ventional way and the result will be in
accordance.
If you want to make a picture of a per
son out of doors, pose that person out of
doors and the result will be true to nature
at any rate. If you feel tnat a background
will be a handy thing for indoor use let it
represent some interior, with pleasing
architectural designs, or a flat conven
tional surlace. Possibly a circle painted
on it will come in handy at certain times.
But no result can be expected to come
from artificial paraphernalia that will equal
nature.
How much more pleasing pictures are
when taken out of doors than those made
indoors, to say nothing of the fact that
they will be all different. Look over the
samples of any commercial photographer
and observe the tiresome repetition of
background running through the work.
There will be a hundred different girls
sitting on the same log or standing by the
same gate or in front of the same land
scape, that is most likely out of perspec
tive. The commercial photographer can
not help this and cannot be blamed, but
the amateur can. If you intend to make
a picture of a friend pose him in his own
home or out beneath the eky.
It is not the purpose in this article to
consider the posing ot the figure with a
view to making portraits — that will be
considered at anotner time — but to con
sider it from an artistic standpoint. That
is to make it harmonize with its surround
ings and present a pleasing appearance.
As was dwelt upon in previous articles
the idea is to fill the space and make the
light and snade balance. Tbis must be
done whether the picture is taken indoors
or out of doors. The two accompanying
drawings will give an idea of what is
meant. One shows a natural scene out of
doors and the other an artificial effect
in doors, but arranged so as to be true to
nature as far as light and shade is con
cerned.
The first thing to do when posing a figure
ing. A pouch made of leather, five inches
lont; by two deeu and wide, is fastened to
the collar, and in it are placed the mes
sages. Those are always placed in ami
taken out in front of the dog, so that he
may see the action. He is then required
to carry his pouch over considerable dis
tances, varying from a half mile to sev
eral miles as he grows stronger. When
all is done satisfactorily ho receives his
diploma as an educated dog, a so-called
dog Bachelor of Arts. Tbis diploma
states his name, breed, amount of attain
ments and the battalion he belongs to.
Then on his collar is a metal plate on
which is engraved his company und bat
talion, and he becomes thenceforth t;.e
pet of :he company, but withal an edu
cated soldier, capable of doing a great
deal more of good to his friends or harm
to the enemy than many of his two
legged comrades. His food consists then
of the same food as is fed the soldiers,
together with dog cakes. He has a hospi
tal of his own in case of any sickness, and
it can be easily understood that men
would, next to their colors and officers,
fight lor their dogs and dogs' rights rather
than for other people.
W. R. Hamilton, U. S. A.
KEEP MANY CATS.
RATS are getting to be a very serious
problem with the men who conduct
the big warehouses on the business streets
near the water front, and the person who
will invent some efficacious method of
driving them out of a building and keep
ing them out will not only be welcomed
with open arms, but will be amply remu
nerated for his discovery.
These figures may seem exaggerated, but
it is a fact that it costs each warehouse
from $50 to $100 a month to repair the dam
age to goods and building done by the
rodents, and the number of the pests
out of doors is to select the landscape
background. To begin with, Jet this be
simple, both in form and light and shade,
and if the idea is to show the figure do
not have any objects in it that will take
away from the figure. Pose the figure in
such position that the lines will balance
with the lines of the background. That is,
do not let the line formed by the branch
of a tree run parallel to one of the lines
that form the contour of the figure. Get as
much variety in the lines as possible. It
is best to keep the part of the picture near
the figure rather simpla, and let the part
above it be as broken as desired. This
will give the required variety. The fore
ground should be more broken or more
simple than the sky. A figure standing
in a tangle of weeds and a simple sky will
look well, as will also a simple foreground
and a sky broken by branches or rolling
clouds. If a figure is posed in a forest
where there are weeds in the foreeround,
let the upper part of the picture be dark
and simple. The style of background
should be selected to suit the costume.
If the dress-skirt is plain, get a broken
background, and if it is elaborate and cov
ered with trimming, let the background
be plain and simple. Rocks sometimes
answer very well, but they are hard to
handle because they are likely to produce
stranger effects of light and shade than
the figure. See that the figure looks
natural and that the background is pleas
ing, and the result will be surely satis
factory in many ways that will become
apparent the more the picture is studied.
The indoor composition is as simple a
pose as one could desire. It offers plenty
of opportunity for artistic draping and
almost any number oi changes of light
and shade. Tne background is so simple
that almost anybody can paint it. By
learning to do tbis the amateur can easily
have a large number of chances in indoor
work. For real artistic* worK the back
ground might be used for only one picture
and then changed to suit the next one.
In the accompanying drawing the figure
is made to fill tbe space, as the background
is of very little importance. The circle
on the flat tone gives variety.
The lines of this figure are simple in the
extreme, but they suit the background
and the style of costume. Almost any fig
ure will look well posed asainst a back
ground like this one, but tbe idea is to
seems to be rather on the increase than
otherwise.
Tnus far cats have been found to be the
best means of keeping down the rat crop,
and droves of felines are kept in every
estaolishment.
During the day, when the rodents are
lying quiet in their retreats, the cats are
not particularly noticeable, but after
nightfall, when the warehousemen have
gone home and darkness reigns in the
barn-like structures, fiery eyes peer from
every corner, and eaze eagerly and in
tently at places whence their owners know
the prey will come.
Aside from their natural instincts to kill
rats the cats have anotner reason for hunt
ing assiduously, and that is hunger.
Warehousemen want felines that will
slaughter steadily and persistently, and
have no room for lazy, well-fed cats, so
their rat-destroying animals are never fed,
but must catch their enemies or starve.
At the Eagle waredouse, 17 and 19 Davis
street, twenty rat-killers are constantly
employed weeding out the less cautious of
tne pests, and these felines destroy an
average of fifty rats per day and work
seven days in the week. The average of a
full-grown and ambitious cat is three rats
per day, and when they reach that degree
of efficiency they acquire a distinct com
mercial value, and are carefully protected
by their owners.
A few days ago a member of the Eagle
warehouse firm went to look at 500 bales
of twine that had been placed in a position
where it was supposed they would be saie
from rats, and lound to his chagrin that
almost every bale had been gnawed until
it was useless. As the loss falls on the
warehouse he was more than ever angry
at the whole rat tribe, and forthwith or
dered that an increased supply of the most
ferocious cats procurable be purchased.
His firm figures its loss from rats $75 per
month the year round.
AN ARTISTIC OUTDOOR FIGURE— Taken in bright sunlight withou
any arrangement whatever.
make the figure mean something. A fig
ure in ordinary street costume would look
a little out of place here, although tne
effect might oe pleasing to the eye. There
is nothing like making things harmonize
TRAINING TOTS
SaVir\g tke poor Ghildrer\
From tke Street
This City is blessed with the most com
plete kindergarten system in the United
States.
This is a rather bold statement, but
nevertheless it is borne out to a certain ex
tent by the following interesting para
graph which appeared a few days ago in
the columns of tne Star, a leading weekly
published in one of the great Eastern
cities: '
One of the highest compliments to the
value of the kindergartens comes from San
Francisco. In that City the worst parts have
many kindergartens. Not les« than 20,000
children in the City of 300,000 have passed
from kindergartens to tha higher public '
schools, and it is said to be an almost unheard
of ttimg for a child who baa been two years in
a kindergarten to be guilty of a crime. If
this is true !«t other cities imitate the City of
the Golden Gate.
Indeed, the kindergarten system of San
Francisco is particularly well organized,
and the results of it are especially
gratifying. The schoolrooms are usually
in some conveniently situated tenement
in the very midst of ' a neighborhood
where poverty, squalor and children
abound, for the movement in this City is
primarily for the lifting up of the chil
dren of the poor. The first thing that im
presses one who chances to visit a district
in which a kindergarten is established is
the unusual neatness of the younger chil
dren.
This impression is deepened and broad
ened as the roomful of boys and girls is
viewed. It is an inspiring picture — not
pretty, for the clothes of these little one*
are designed more for use than ornameut,
but it is inspiring in the sense that it gives
hope for the future. A happier lot no one
would wish to see. They seem to be
merely playing— making butterflies and
other beautiful things — but all the time
the sweet lessons of right and duty are
being taught them. These are not pure
white minds, to be taken by preceptors
and molded.
Unfortunately many of these little tab
lets have already been blurred and soiled
by familiarity with vice from the very first
gleam of consciousness. Tbe teacher's j
task is therefore doubly difficult, for the
tares must be uprooted in order to make
room for the lilies.
In a recent publication issued by the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
Miss Agnes Manning, a member of the
association, writes: "I wish to explain
why I am to much in favor of kindergar
tens. My school is in a crowded neighbor
hood. I have many children from tene
ment-houses and from the narrow streets
south of Market street. Before the days
of the kindergarten these children as soon
as they could crawl spent their waking
lives on the sidewalk.
"From the age of 2 to 6 years they pur
sued the education of the street. The con
sequence was that at 6 they came to us
with a fund of information of the worst
description and a vocabulary that would
excite the envy of the Barbary Coast. The
kindergarteno have changed all this. The
children of tenement-houses and narrow
3treets still come in tens, fifties and hun
dreds to b gin life in a new school at the
beginning of each term. I hea*-«*o more,
however, the wild phrases of the tender
loin or tbe rude drivers' oaths. The little
ones are clean, Belf-respecting, eager for
knowledge.
"They neither know how to read or write.
They have been taught to see, to observe,
to tell about what they have seen aud
heard. They have been taught to retjpect
older people, to be honest, to tell the
truth. It ia a rare tning now to find a
child that does not know it is wrong to
end the best way to do this is to mak
them natural. Pose a person in his
favorite corner at home or in a pretty bit
of woods and the result will be a picture
Will Spabkb.
steal. If you meet such a one you may
know it has never been in a kindergarten.
I think you will now understand why I
am so strongly in favor of kindergartens."
In the same line is the opinion of Onief
of Police Crowley, who said:
"I can cheerfully bear witness to the
good accomplished by the establishment
of the free kindergartens in this City.
My opinion is based on reports that I have
received from police officers."
That hundreds of citizens hold similar
views is proved by the fact that the many
kindergartens of this City are kept open
at a yearly expense of $30,000, all of this
being derived from private subscriptions,
as the kindergartens have, not been en
grafted on the public-school system as
they should and ultimately will.be.
The Golden Gate Kindergarten Associ
ation has made a thorough investigation
of the careers of the first 9000 boys and
girls who passed through the kindergar
tens and were received by the schools.
The police records of this and neighbor
ing communities were searched and Dut
ono of the kindergarten children was
found who had ever been arrested. That
one was a half-witted boy, who was subse
quently committed to the asylum lor
feeble-minded children instead of being
sent to prison, so he can hardly be counted
against the kindergarten.
The total number of children trained up
to the present date in 24,000, and good re
ports are heard from all. Some of the
first graduates of the first kindergartens
established on Barbary Coast, the worst
part of the City, have grown to manhood
and womanhood and hold respectable po
sitions in the community. One is a prac
ticing attorney of acknowledged worth
and ability. These children of the poor
are, generally speaking, bright enough.
What they need is a helping nand in the
road to correct thinking and correct liv
ing. Thia helping hand the kindergarten
extends.
Professor Joseph O'Connor, principal of
the Horace Mann Grammar School, says
that he greatly favors the kindergarten
system for the children of the well to do
as well as ior the poor. Indeed he cannot
see why a condition of prosperity should
deprive any child of the great advantage
of such training. Accordingly he has
been instrumental in engrafting some of
Froebel's methods upon the work of the
primary grades of the public schools. All
the public school principals and teachers
agree that the kindeigartens are a blessing
to the community.
It is a well-known fact that from a single
neglected little girl in New York there
has come during the past fifty years an
army of 12,000 criminals and paupers, sn
tailins an expense of hundreds of thou
sands of dollars to the taxpayers of that
State. Considering this fact, who can es
timate the expense saved to California
and to San Francisco from training into
ways of virtue and well-doing 24,000 chil
dren gathered in localities which produce
a large share of our crim'nal population.
Without doubt kindergartens are cheaper
than prisons and more effective than re
form schools.
Another phase of this work is that the
homes of these children are frequently
bettered by the good influence of the
you ngest tots in the household.
A clean baby is a splendid object lesson,
and the feeling of pride rearoused in the
mother's heart ha 3 often been known to
extend to other members of the fain ily
circle, and in some cases actual revolutions
for the better have taken place, involving
not only the older children but the par
ents as well.
23
-i24
Xb£-ComgL-lTiaLls_Coming and What May Be Expected if It Hits Us
A. recent telegraphic announcement from
one of tbe astronomical observatories situ
ated in the Southern Hemisphere tells of
the appearance of a large comet.
Ordinarily there is nothing startling in
such announcements. It is a matter of
every lay occurrence under the present
advanced state of astronomical science for
tbe observers to find a comet within the
field of view of their telescopes, and only
those of probable importance find mention
in the newspapers. Tbe one alluded to in
the dispatch mentioned is by some thought
to be the return of the great comet of
1880, whose giant tail measured at the time
of its last appearance over 150,000,000 miles
in length.
Because the ordinary observer fails to
perceive with the naked eye these wander*
ers of space, it must not be supposed that
their number is limited. The best astron
omers are agreed that the number of
comets is very great. Arago estimated
that there are at least 17.500.000 within the
orbit of Neptune. Lambert points out
where he thinks Arago neglected to in
vestigate, and places the number at over
500,000.000. Kepler says: "Comets are
scattered through the heavens with as
much profusion as the fishes in tbe sea."
From tbe beginning of tha Christian
era to the close of the present century
there is trustworthy record of about 1000,
of which we are fairly satisfied that prob
ably hal/ a dozen have returned. Proba
bly at least five have been seen to each
one recorded, so we may conclude that at
least 5000 have appeared during that time.
What has become of the immense number
which apparently visited our system but
once?
The theories put forward to account for
ti.e formation of comets are many. They
are all ingenious, but unproven. Cole, a
noted English observer, thinks it possible
that there are other emanations from the
sun and from the stars (which are other
sun=), besides that of light. If this be the
case the comets in their passage from one
system to the other may attract and col
lect the particles scattered in the immense
regions of space. This would account for
the very dense and extensive atmospheres
ooserved to surround most comets.
Professor Young of Dartmouth College
thinks that comets consist of matter
ejected from our sun and from other suns.
The North Pole and the Magnetic Pole Parted Company 1 2,000 Years A2O
It is a weil-known scientific fact that the
magnetic pole of the earth is not coinci
dent with the pole of revolution, but is
located about 70 degrees north latitude,
near King Will am- Land. The magnetic
poie is not a fixed point, but varies con
tinually, though slowly, pursuing a path
a^out the true pole, its shifting periods
estimated at 640 years.
One would naturally suppose that if the
axis of the earth since the beginning had
held a constant po-ition on inclination,
the two poles, that is— the magnetic
and the revolutionary poles — would
be coincident, especially so when
we remember that, as the magnetic
pole is constantly moving at an appreciable
ra:e, it should by this time certainly
have found its center of influence. If it is
assumed, as it is by eminent philosophers
if not by geologists, that at one time the
magnetic pole nas coincident with tbe
revolutionary pole (about 12,000 years
ago), then the solution is apparent, and
since the change of axis of the magnetic
pole is moving in a spiral, its center will
again eventually coincide with tbe present
revolutionary pole.
Astronomy has pointed out that tbe
axis of the earth is still -wobbling." In
fact, it is a very suspicious wobble — a
wobble within a wobble, if you please —
tbe greater wobble having a period of 428
day*. It is surmised, too, that the greater
wobbling motion is but an epicycle of a
still greater wobble, which will account
for the poor orientation of the pyramid of
Ghizen, as well as the fact t at the sun,
when in Cancer, at Athens, doe* not come
so far north by a degree as it did 2000
years ago.
Xh.s .cads to the statement asserted witb
confidence and defended with assiduity,
that the revolutionary axis of tbe earth is
shifted periodically. And if this be true
it is of hf utmost importance to scien
tist-, explaining many events which have
been too much in the dark. Colonel Fred
G. Piummer, formerly State Geologist of
Washington, has recently publ shed an
excellent treatis-e upon tbis tuuject, en
titled "The Last Chance of the Earth's
Axis." Mr. Plummer is ueserving of
The Queen Lily and the
Wheat Belong to One Tribe
QF THE many who admire the queen
lily now blooming in the park conserva
tory, few perhaps remember that it- mag
nificence is the outcome of a process of
change prolonged through countless anej,
during which environments favorable to
size and beauty were predominant, and
that each portion of its structure is trace
able to some corresponding portion,
foundation or possibility in the struciure
oi the unpretentious ancestor of the lily
family.
To tbe mind of the botanist who can
discern kindred traits in the most seem
ingly diverse species, and can trace th?
family tie between the giant ot the forest
and the scant h rbage of the mountain
peak, the lily tribe unfolds a marvelous
retrospect of evolutionary adjustment to
conditions. According to a noted au
thority the first flower boanical'y en
titled to be called a lily, though now ex
tinct, is fairly represented by the simple
marsh lily, the gagea depicted in the
illustration.
Many of the tribe blond with these
triple formations developments of their
own in the direction of growth, of beauty,
or ootb, while others lose some of the lily
traits, but, retaining the foundation, di
verge into a less ornamental form, just as
a modern storehouse may be constructed
from the ruined walls of a c»stle. Ol the
first class the Victoria lily is the climax
though it also numbers in its ranks such
exquisite developments as the asphodel,
the tulip an t the orchid. Conspicuous in
the second class is the grass tribe in its
thousand varieties, includiug the familiar
stalk of cultivated wheat.
The gap between the latter and the
night- blooming lily, resting its large
blossoms and leaves on the deep water
and sensitively c anqing its color witb
the hours of day, seems a wide one, but it
has been bridged over by several plants
that probably represent the chief stages of
transi ion.
The large species of white water lily, the
Egyptian lotos and the prickly leaved
eurgale of East India suggest the route of
On September 7, 1871, Professor Young
witnessed an extraordinary explosion on
tbe sun. Tbe expelled matter was seen
oy nim to ascend to a height of 200,000
miles above the sun's surface, traveling
with a velocity of 166,000 miles per second,
l'bis would give an initial velocity of over
JOO.OOO miles a second, and if there wus
iot any resisting medium in space would
je sufficient to carry the ejected matter
aeyond the sun's attraction. It is believed
;hat there is a resisting medium in space.
The use of the spectroscope has enabled
is to learn something of the material of
which comets are composed. Observa
tions with it, and the fact that meteoric
Six-Tailed Comet, J764.
showers are intimately associated with
cometary routes, lead to tne opinion that
comets are composed of a blazing nucleus
and a mass of separated matter, such as
metalliferous stones, clay dust and gas.
The nucleus gives out intense heat and
masses of burning gas which is luminous.
It is probable that comets shine with both
inherent and reflected light. That the
comet is constantly undergoing great
physical action is apparent to every care
ful observer. The appearance of the tail
is constantly changing. Apparent vibra
tions or coruscation begin at the head
and traverse tbe enormous length of the
much credit, for not only coilectine ana
collating the valuable information, but for
the fearless and original way in which he
presents the matter.
it is by the kindness of Mr. Plummer,
whose little book is protected by copy
right, that permission has been granted
The Call to introduce ib.6 facts and
theories advanced.
It is claimed that the shifting of the
axis, 'hat is, the revolutionary axis, will
explain tbe reason of the flood, the sinking
of continents, more especially Atlantis,
the presence of drift deposits, the bir;n of j
Niagara, the position of the magnetic
pole, t c frozen mammoth in Alaska, the
reinder in Europe and many of the
myths and traditions of all ancient
nations.
It has been stated as a fact by some
philosophers that upon several occasions
vast areas upon the eartu have been sud
denly changed, even in a single night,
from tropical and semi-tropical countries
into the bleak and bowling wildernesses
of a frigid zone. And this effect may
readily be accounted for by a shifting of
the axis, which movement controls the
different climates experienced with the
earth to a large extent.
In his book Mr. Plummer says:
The fact that the flora and fauna of the
earth are found in zone*, and that the fossils,
or former evidences of life, are not found In
zones coincident wltn our present lines of lati
tude, are enough to force tbe conclusion upon
any thinker that tne past has seen vast
changes of climate upon the earth. How, in
deed, may changes of climate occur so that
points of equal latitude will be affected
equally excepting by a chan«?e of the earth's
axis? As long as the earth revolves iv
Climates will be in z-^nes, and no theory can
explain how Ice sheets existed in Oh. o when
Siberia was not glaciated, or uhtf the reindeer
made his hou:e in Europe while t\ie mammoth
led upon the tropical vegetation at Alaska, ex
cepting on the theory that ihe zones, and con
s. quently the axis, were foimerly different.
Many other and even more famous au
thorities might be cited to the same effect,
and some selections from them are pre
sented, as follows:
We must imagine that the hills and valleys
divergence from the ancstral iily or
simo.e gagea to ihe exuberance acqu red
in the waters of the Snutli American
tropics. The trail of divergence from the
gagea to the ear of wheat has been more
definitely trace!. .tMrstcorae* thecommon
rush famiiy.whose smai. di;iny blossoms in
a trroup are sen when magi.itied to be the
true lily tye, though botanic-ally classed
as merely of the lily tribe. Another link
ia a marsh plant known as the wood
rush. As shown in the illustration, its
The Yellow Gagea.
small blossoms are in a loose cluster like
wild garlic, which, in spite of its insi nifi
cant flower and its strong individuality
among the floral host, is botantcally
classed as a true lily. Moreover, the wood
rush combines small brown-tinted flowers
like the common rush witb flat tuperinjr
leaves like the urass tribe. Tne glutinous
seed vessel a so gives an idea of the begin
n ngs of grain formation. Finally, botani
cal researches detect in the enocaulon, a
rather rare but interesting bosc plant, with
lancelike leaves and blossoms in a Close
tuft, a strong suggestion of the stalk oi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
tail in a few seconds. Perhaps some form
of electrical energy is present creating the
constant state of intense excitement.
The questions of greatest interest to the
majority of people are: Do comets exer
cise any influence upon tbe ear. h? Is
here any danger of a comet colliding with
the earth; and if so, what would be tbe
result?
A few comets have had their motions
sufficiently well observed and computed
to enaDle us to predict the length of time
equired by them to complete the tour of
their orbits. One of these, known as
Encke's, is a small affair of short period.
Another, known as Haliey's, is a large
Haliey's Comet, 1835,
one completing its orbital revolution in
about seventy-five years. Its first re
corded appearance occurred in A. 1). 1005,
and that year was marked by a great fam
ine in Europe. Its next appearance was
in 1080 when a terrible earthquake took
place. Its subsequent appearances, to
gether with the attendant abnormal earth
conditions, are as follows: 1155, cxc ssive
cold and great crop failures; 1230, inunda
tion of Germany; 1304, intense cold and
drought; 1380, awful pestilence; 1456, in
undation and earthquake; 1531, great
floods; 1607, intense cold and drought;
1682, floods and big earthquake; 1759,
about the present site of New York were cov
ered with noble trees and wltn a dense under
growth of species for the most part different
from those now living there, xnd that these
were the homes and feeding ground fof many
kinds of quadrupeds and birds which have
long since become extinct. The broad Diane
wnicn gently sloped
seaward irom the high
lands must have been
covered with a sub
tropical forest of giant
trees end tangled vines
teeming with animal
life. This state of things
doubtless continued
through many thou
sands of years, but ulti
mately a change came
over the fair face of
nature more complete
and terrible than we
have language to de
scribe. — Popu.ar Science
Monthly.
We see that the the
ory of a catastrophe
accompanying or caus
ing this change of cli
mate is advocated. This
delightful Climate was
not confined to the
present temperate or
tropical regions. It ex
tended to the very
shores of the Arctic Sea.
In Norm Greenland, at
Atam-Kordiuk, in lati
tude 79 degrees north,
at an elevation of more
than 1000 feet above
the sea, were found the
remains of beeches,
oaks, pines, pop ars,
maples, walnuts, mag
nolias, limes and vines.
T..e remains of similar
plants were found in
Spitzbergen, in latitude
78 degrees 56 minutes.
—American Antiquarian.
It is not ;o be pre
sumed the flora was
Outline Map of the Northern or Land Hemisphere Before the Change
of the Earth's Axis Took Place, Showing Portions of Lemuria
and Atlantis, as Drawn by Colonel Fred Plummer, Geologist.
carried into tne polar regions. It must have
be. n overwhelmed by the "great winter."
Wl.at caused the great winter? If astron
omy is to be telieved ihe sun has not
coo:e<i mater. al'.y since oak-, pines and pop
lars came to grace the earth. The fact that the
wheat, the sj Ike form being a final ste:>
in diver ence. It must be understood ih.-t
■acn small division of the ear of wheat
Is the transformed representative of what,
under different envi'Otituents, wou.d have
been one complete hly.
The process of change which endured
for cctintl- «s airea ran scarcely be called a
retroeres«ion, con si ierini the utility at
tained in the fi a: stave. But that su h a
type of flon.i b auty as the Lily, and surh
a type f.f ••tfibl- vegetation as the grain o
whea\ should he cradled on the s:mif
ancestral s'alk s evidence of the hidden
resources provided by nature for the
emergencies caused by environment
Rose O'Halloban.
JV'RING the past days a dark streak ex
tending in an east and west direction
miebt have been isceriied on the di<k ■ f
the sun i yen without the aid of magnify
ing power. It was h large ?roup fsmali
Minspots, and the peculiarities of the dis
turbance have especial interest now w. thin
two years of the period of comp;«ra;iv
so I :ir quietude, when the di«k will be un
si otted lor weeks and months in succes
sion. The number and >ize> o these phe
nomena have been decreasing since 1894,
and the solar cycle, which includes a max
imum and a minimum of disturbance
five and a naif ytnrs apart, will
not be completed until about the
fourth year of the next century,
when the spots may be expected to ap
pear again in gr.-at numberas in 1892-93. As
tbe cause of this eleven-year cycle is still
unknown and that oi the spots also some
what unsettled, an accumulation of de
tails as to the position, form and dura
tion of solar disturbance is always of
value in the study of solar physics. On
September 9, when three sni;ill groups
were distributed over the d sk, this group
appeared on the cast limb, thus showing
a stream of successive disturbances across
trora east to west. As it advanced it was
seen to be co posed of about ten small
black spots in a straight line cu
r-ously entwined with a curving
line of six or seven small spots,
all connected witb an encircling nenum
bral area, which in tbe foreshortened vie*v
seemed to be a gr>up of unusual length.
As it approached the central portion of
the disk, where dimensions are best seen,
it proved to b» more than 100,000 miles in
ieiiL'tli mid from twenty to thiriv in
Width, while the size of the spots was
I floods and earthquake; 1835, remarkably
variable weather and great earthquake in
E'j-vpt. We have vet to learn the story of
1910.
In ihe years 526, 1721, 1783, 1822, 1831
and 1834 jjreat remarkable dry fogs ex
tended oyer a large porion ot the earth
and these years were marked by the ap
pearance of large comets.
The second question may be answered
by the statement that already the eaith
has passed through the gaseous portion of
more than one comet, and it is believed by
good authority that she has passed through
the body of at least one comet within re
cent years. A certain short period comet,
known as Biela's, failed to appear at the
appointed time in 1872. Instead, there
was visible a very rich shower of meteors,
through which the earth passed Novem
ber 27 and 30. 1872. So certain were the
astronomers at this side of tbe globe that
the meteoric stream was Biela's comet dis
integrated that they telegraphed to tbe
observatory at Cape Town, in Africa, to
watch the skies for Biela's comet,
and sure enough the African ob
servers saw the fragments of the
comet receding from the earth. Did
the collision affect the earth? Let us see.
In October, 1871, the earth passed through
the gaseous envelope of Biela's comet, and
t enceforth the comet has not been seen
as a comet. It was broken up by its con
tact with the earth. But in October, 1871,
there occurred awful conflagrations in the
Northwestern States, devastating thou
sands of square miles of territory. The
testimony of the survivors of Minnesota
and elsewhere states that the flames would
su Idenly burst forth in the timber, ap
parently coming from the sky. The Chi
c a o fire occurred at that time also, where
solid granite buildings took fire and
burned as if of wood. Spectroscopic analy
sis tells us that the gaseous envelope of a
comet contains carburetted hydrogen. It
is a si tuple solution of the terrible confla
grations if it be recognized that a portion
of tbe gaseous envelope of Biela's cornel
became mixed with the earth's atmos
phere in October, 1871. The mixture forms
the most inflammable substance known.
Humboldt, whose reputation as a con
servative and able physicist stands pre
eminently hieh, emphatically states that
the earth passed through the tails ol
remains of the mammoth, a tropical animal,
are found so perfectly preserved has forced
upon th? scientific world the belief that a catas
trophe occurred at the time of their death.
"It is remarkable that nownere in the great
plains of Siberia do any traces of glacial action
appear to have been observed. Consequently
we find the great river deposits with their
mammalian remains, which tell of a mildei
climate than now obtains in those high lati
tudes, still ying undisturbed at the surface."—
Th Great Ice Age.
Ii they had not been frozen as soon as killed
THOSE SPOTS
ON THE SUN
from five to fifteen miles in diameter.
Tne entwined aspect it had at first was
m (iificd, as probably the spots farthest
from the s lar equator failed ;o Veep pace
vviih those nearest to that lifts. Its
nveniee position is 8 deg. north solar
latitude, and on account of its length
it will probably remain visible until
he 221 of this month unless the
disturbance dies out before then. Beitiß
The Woodrush,
so largely oin posed of a penumbral area,
it is less conspicuous ihan some smaller
group in which the umbra was large, but
it may be still seen with colored or
smoked glass by those who are possessed
of keen sight. On account of the inten
sity of sunligtu, noon is uot the best time
to take such an observation, the morninir
or afternoon hours beinj more favo-:>bL
for distinctness. Rose O'Halloran.
comets in 1819 nnd 1823. The face of the
globe exhibits many very peculiar pne
nomena, extremely puzzling to the ortho
dox geologist, who is unable to satisfac
torily account for the conditions by any
theory known to him. Tbe 'drift" is one
of ;hese. On the supposition that the
earth was struck by a comet of some size
and mass the phenomena is rationally
explainable.
The elements, i. c., the speed, direction
and shape ot orbit, of quite a number of
comets have been studied and vartinl suc
cess attained in computing the times of
their return. Yet, it has always been
found that something i.as interfered to
Donates Comet, JBSB.
negative the result. The one of 1532 was
said to have a period of 129 years. It did
return in 1661, but was absent in 1790. The
velocity of movement of a comet varies,
and we do not know exactly just when
and where tbe variation comes in. Th*
comet of 1472 had speed of over 3.000,000
miles in twenty-four hours. We are apt
to think that our fast express trains, mov
ing sixty miles an hour, are swift fliers,
yet nere was an enormous mass speedin?
through space at the velocity of over 2083
miles per minute.
As to the part played by comets In the
complex machinery of the universe we
■:■ ■ . X i
putrefaction would have decomposed them,
and on the other hand this eternal frost could
not have previously prevailed in the place
where they died, for they could not have lived
la such a temperature. It was, therefore, at
the same instant when these animals perished
that the country they inhabited was rendered
glacial. These events j
must have been sud
den, instantaneous and
without gradation.—
Ccvier.
" The . most violent
convulsions of the solid
and liquid elements (of
tne earth) appear them
selves oniy the effect
due to a cause more
powerful than the mere
expansion."
It is admitted, then, j
by these authorities
that it was a catastro
phe which caused tbe
sudden change of cli
mate, and possibly it
was a change of the
axis ot rotation.
Much more in the
same vein might be
given, but the above
seems sufficient.
li, then, te axis of
the earth has under
gone a change there
must have oeen a
former < quator, and
if so where was it and
what evidence have
we that it existed?
We know that to
day tiie mot persist
ently active volca
noes are in the trop
ics, where associate
phenomena of earth
quakes are most fre
quent.
We know that this
! should be the case upon a revolving
sphere lite the earth, where the tendency
of a fl.iid interior to force an exit would be
greatest, and where the greatest strains
upon tbe crust wou d be produced.
]y[UCH inter, is manifesto Iby the pub
lic in recant to the statement of Dr.
Stephen H. Emmons that he has discov
ered a m pans of turning silver into gold.
It is quite poss ; ble thai he has done so,
thon h 1 1 ere is some question whether he
will pr d ;ce go.d in such quantities as to
cause any fluctuation ia the value of the
precious metal.
Alchemy is something more than the
dream of the visionary.and weak-minded.
If one will Iree h s mind from prejudice
mid make a review of authentic records Lie
will find that the transmutation of metals
is an uci'onv 1 shed fact.
All 1 minerals are but differentiations
from a common i ase, and if one could find
the s'eps of differentiation — they have
b -on discovered— then the problem would 1
resolve itself merely into a : question of
mechanical skill. .
V nous vniiers pive the steps necessary
in the transmutation of base me tal into
goid,* excepting that one of the substances
us«*d is so wrapped about with mysterious
veils that it "may require a lifetime forcrie
to di cover the n«idle unless he is so fortu
nate as to meet some one already in pos
session of it. This mysterious substance
is a red power, mystically termed the
"red dragon," and it is indispensable in
the operations of t c alchemists.
, 'Among the authentic' account! of the
transmutation of metal-? are some experi
ments made, in 1782 in the laboratory of
James PMce." M.D., F.R.8., England, in
the presence of twelve or fourteen specta
tors. V. .
:•: A number of experiments were made.
Half an ounce of "mercury was placed in a
small crucible, tog her with a small quan
tity of powdered charcoal and niter. Then
half a grain of j powder of a dark red color
wa« added by Mr Price, and the crucible
was placed on a fire o) moderate red heat.
In about a quarter of an hour the com
pany noticed that the mercury, though in
a "red-hot crucible, showed ,no ; signs of
evaporation "or even boiling. The fire was
gradually 7 raised to a white heat, when a
small dip wa« taken on the point of a clean
iron rod. When the scoria cooled it was
found full of small globules of a whitish"
colored metal, which Mr. Price explained
wa-< an intermediate metal !, between : . mer
cury and a more per ect metal. :i: i : 1 A small
quantity of borax was then added and the
heat again increase I. At the. end of an
other quarter of ran hour the crucible was
taken out ana gradually'" cooled. ' On
know nothing. One bold utterer has voiced
his opinions thus: "Science seems to point
to tbe finite duration of our system in its
present form and to carry us back to the
time when neither sun nor planet existed,
save as a mass of glowing gas. How far
back that was it cannot tell us with cer
tainty, it can only say that the period is
counted by millions of years, but probably
not by hundreds of millions. It also points
10 the time when the sun and stars
shall fade away, and nature shall be en
shrouded in darkness and death." So spake
Professor Ne«comb. Science is made to
bear very many burdens; this is one. No
law of nature doih disclose tbe science of
Head of Donates Comet, JBSB.
the known to be the science of tbe un
known. Throughout all the vast universe
exists a something — call it force, if you
choose — that comprehends all other
forces, and that passeth from meas
urable energy to intangibility, only
to manifest itself as energy when tbe
conditions for such metamorphosis attain.
Some forces of nature lie dormant
until they are brought into contact with
other forces, and then when the combina
tion occurs the resultant energy is of
changed form. Let me illustrate this by
calling attention to the phenomenon of
crystallization. Dissolve some alum in
It will be admitted by any student in
physics that tbe cracking o the earth's
crust, permitting the pouring out of
molten material, would probably occur
along the equatorial Delt, if at all.
On the earth volcanoes are distributed
in groups, or along extensive lines, as if
connected with a fissure of the earth's
crust. The most remarkable linear series
of volcanoes in the world is that which
belts the Pacific Coast, as Professor Le
Conte of Berkeley has pointed out. Com
mencing with the Fuegian volcanoes, it
runs along tbe whole extent of tne Andes,
then along the Cordilleras of Mexico, the
Rocky Mountains, then along the Aleutian
chain of islands, Kamtchatka, the Kurile
Islands, Japan Islands, Philippines, Su
matra, St. Paul, Kerguli-n to the Antarctic
volcanoes, Mount Erebus and Terror,
thence back by Deception Island to Fuega
aeam, thus completely encircling the
gloße.
As mizht be expected, along such a line
of fissures tbe volcanic activity is on a
general scale, and it is likely to be mani
fested in several localities at the same
time. This was observed as early as 1835
by the great naturalist Darwin. Within
100 miles of Tacoma are not less than 200
volcanic peaks, the largest of which —
Mount Tacoma — is 15.000 feet high.
Alaskan volcanoes are frequently active,
and the eastern coast of Asia has an
established reputation for seismic dis
turbances. "In the physical formation of
North and South America there is a re
markable resernolance, which would nat
urally result from the fact that they were
formerly on the same latitudes and gov
erned by similar conditions of climate,"
says the Encyclopaedia.
When the earth's axis was perpendicular
to the plane of the ecliptic, tbe north pole
was somewhere in the vicinity of the
Mediterranean and possessed a delightful
and perpetual sprin- climate. This fact
calls to mind tbe biblical Garden of Eden,
Plato's AUant s and the Garden of the
Hesperides, and concerning these interest
ing times we rind the history and tradi
tions of the older nations replete.
Only One Secret Necessary
to Turn Silver Into Gold
breaking it a globule of yellow metal was
found in the bottom, and in 'he scoiia
were smaller ones, all together weighing
ten prams. Thorough tests were made
with the yellow metal and it was proven
to be pure gold.
Similar experiments were then made,
except that a white powder was added, in
stead of th" red, the result beiue a large
bead of white metal. The gold and silver
thus obtained were submitted to an as
sayer and refiner, both of whom at once
The Eriocaulon, or Pipework
affirmed the impossibility of success of
such a process, and denied the purity of
the metals. But tbe assay instantly dissi
pated their doubts, and they acknowl
edged, with amazement, that the metals
were entirely pure, and gave official cer
tifi ate ß to that effect. Detailed accounts
similar to the above might be multiplied
by the score, if one detired to ao so. Iv
pure water. The solution will remain
c.'cur for an indefinite period if the solu
tion be undisturbed, but attach a micro
scopic octahedrai crystal of the salt to the
finest filament and lower it into the solu
tion. Instantly crystallization commences
at the surface of ihe fluid and progresses
with great rapidity until every atom of
alum in the solu'uon is visible. Now, the
comet is simi>ly a microscopic crystal
crystallizing, i. c., changing the forms of
radiant light and heat into other modes
of motion, wb.ch, in the fullness of their
functions, eventually return back to the
originals.
Ever since comets have been observed a
great deal of speculation has been in
dulged in as to what constituted the tail
of the comet, and some very ingenious
theories have been elaborated to account
for the fact that the tail, whi c observed at
a considerable angle with a line <;rawn to
the sun, and even at right angles to it,
constantly inclines toward the region
from which the comet is moving — always
away from the sun. It is difficult to con
ceive how the tail of the comet of 1880,
150,000,000 miles in length, could in the
spuce of time occupied by the comet-head
in sweeping around the sun— a period of a
few minutes of time— describe so tremen
dous an arc in space in so short a time. If
the tall did actually sweep around the
particles at its extremity must have trav
elea with a velocity utterly inconceivable
to tbe human mind. No known law of
nature can explain tho sudden shift of
position.
Generally the tail is curved, resembling
a scimitar, but many have been observed
of extremely fantastic appearance. One
is recorded as having been seen at the time
of Constantine tbe Great, shaped like a
cross, and the imaginative superstition of
that age discerned beneath it the legend:
"In hoc signes vinces." In this case the
comet did some good. Perhaps we may
be able in coming years, when ihese mat
ters are better understood, to use these
wanderers as messengers to bear our com
munications to other spheres. Of one
thing we may be morally certain — that if
a i reat comet should appear before the
close of this year, the disappointed politi
cal party will, beyond all doubt, charge
their defeat to the comet.
F. M. Close, D.Be.
Concerning the tradition of the Hindus,
Bir Charles Lyell states that "we can by
'no means look upon them as a pure effort
of the unassisted imagination, or believe
them to have Deen composed without re
gard to opinions or theories founded on
the observation of nature."
Lenormant says:
In all the legends of India the origin of man
kind is placed on Mount Me.ru, the residenceof
the gods, which unites the sky to the earth.
• • • Meru then is at once tbe highest
part of the terrestrial world, and tbe central
point of tne visible heavens. • • • It ii
also at one and the same time the north pole
and the center of the habitable globe.
The "Secret Doctrine says:
The Egyptian priests taught the fact to
Plato, wno expounds tbe theory or fact aa a
sudden catastrophe. Dr. Croll combats the
axis theory, saying that such attraction—
and change of climate — can be accounted for
by the mutation and precession of the equi
noxes, "but there are other men of science,
such as Sir H. James and Sir John Lubbock,
who leel more inclined to accept the idea that
they are due to a change ia the axis of rota
tion."
There is one point of importance that
should be noticed. Of course, if the poles
have changed there has resulted a corre
sponding change in the cardinal points.
Do we find any evidence of such a change,
and if we do is it not worthy of special
note?
Terrien de Lacouperle writes:
The names of the four cardinal points, and
what is very remarkable, the hieroglyphic
signs by which they are expressed, are" in a
certain measure ihe same in the Akkadian
and Chinese cultures. • • • The south,
which was so termed in the cuneiform tablets,
corresponds In Chinese to the east, the north
to the wet, the east to the south, making thus
a displacement of a quarter of a circle. It
would be interesting If on examination of the
Akkadian and Assyrian names we could find
that they In their turn denoted an early dis
placement of which only traces remain to
us." — Early History of Chinese Civiliza*
tion.
Frederick Klee pronounces It remarkable
that the Scandinavian mytuology informs us
that before the establishment of the present
order of the world the sun, which now rises in
the east, "rose in the south."
Vienna there is a historical medallion,
containing poi traits of twelve noblemen
arouud the edges. It was originally of
pure silver, but to-day the upper portion
is gold and the lower part silver, a resu.t
of having p.iss d through the hands of an
alchemist and magician. It is, because of
its present constitution, one of the rarest
curios in the world, and should, of itself,
even if there were no other evidence, be
amnle proof of the alchemist's art.
An int resting story ol alchemy comes
from one of the middle States of Germany.
The tale dates from the middle ages. A
traveler sought shelter at the castle of a
Baron one stormy winter right. The lord
oi the manor was away, but tbe Baroness
su'plieu him with food and lodging. Be
fore the stranger departed the next morn
insr he sought the lady of the castle and
expressed ins thanks for ncr hospitality.
He s<iid he had no money, but perhaps he
could repay her m another way. She re
plied that she desired nothing in return,
but he a^k'-d her if she aid not have some
siiver iv the house she would like to
have turned into gold. Acorditigly all
the silver plate was brought forth and
transmuted.
When the . Baron returned home and
saw the gold he immediately, laid claim to
it .under a law winch i>ave the owner of
land all treasure found upon it. His .wife
res;sted the demand, and he noble couple
resorted to the courts for a settlement of
the owner-hip. The Judge rendered a
decision (which may be found in the Ger
man archives) to the effect • that the gold
was the sole property of the Baroness, for
the reason tha the treasure had not been
'•found"- on the Baron's lands, but had
been "manufactured" tor the Baroness at
her request and as a personal gift to her.
The .Baron 'might have formerly had some
claim on the silver plate belonging to the
castle, but comparatively small value of
that was overshadowed by. the great value
o the gold, and he was entitled to recover
nothing from the Baroness beyond the
value of the silver that had di appeared.
Ban Singh.IN
CHILDHOOD'S
REALM
My, what fine story-writers you are be
comingl I just wish you might see my
desk; auoh a great pile of children's tales
lying on It waiting for attention. No time
for me to write stories nowadays ; too busy
reading and correcting for that.
Perhaps some of the kind contributors
to our page are tired of waiting to see their
efforts in print Please be patient with
your busy editor, and some day your wait
ing will be rewarded.
Now, boys and girls, when next you
write teil me what you think the most in
teresting event in the history of the United
6tates during the last few weeks.
HoW It War Bi*t>[
Hark I I'll tell yon all about It ;
How I broke my nice new dolly.
Only on* whole day I bad her,
Just as sore as* my name la Polly.
Papa brought her home, one evening,
And be said : "Here's a new dolly
For a little girl who lives here,
An & her name la Just my Polly."
Oil! 1 was so very happy! •
Why, I danced and felt so lolly !
And I hugged her (n my arms tight;
- Such a beautiful, new dolly I
When I went to bed, I took her;
Took my lovely, dear, new dolly I
For I couldn't bear to leave her;
Brother called me "Billy Polly."
When I woke dp In the morning,
Then It was, my precious dolly 1
Mashed, and broken all to pieces t
Just as true as my name Is Polly.
THE
DISCONTENTED
KING.
A TALB OP THE SANDMAN (COKCLTTDID).
B\j Rebecca J. QradWoM.
While things were in this state among
the people, affairs were not much better at
the palace. It is true the King was able
to sleep, but the Queen was not, and
whenever he fell into a nice doze she woke
him up and confided to him the fact that
she could'not sleep. And when he seemed
insensible to her wakefulness she scolded
him. So the first night of his edict was
anything but agreeable. Then the next
day the servants were tired and cross and
neglected their work. The courtiers were
so weary they could not flatter the King.
The poor usually brilliant Prime Minis
ter was so dull be could not attend to the
affairs of the kingdom. And as for the
Queen, after vain attempts to sleep during
the day, her temper was such that her
weary ladies trembled in her presence.
By the third day the King was so irrit
able and nervous, he regretted with all
his heart his hasty decree. When he
heard the shouts of the people as they ap
proached the castle, he shook with terror
and cried:
"Alas, what trouble discontent brings!
Had I only been satisfied with things as
they were this had never been."
He looked out of the window and his
eyes fell upon a sorry spectacle. The
men were pale and hollow-eyed and so
weak they could scarcely walk. The
women, who had come too, were haggard
and their sharp voices scolding their cry
ing children, who clung to them, re
minded the King so strongly of the
Queen's reprimands that he shivered.
"What would the people have?" he
asked.
One man, who had been chosen as
spokesman, came forward.
"We demand, 0 King, that we be re
stored to the right of sleep which thou
hast taken from us. If we sleep not to
nignt, to-morrow tnere will be blood
shed."
The King, forgetting what the wizard
had said, replied quickly:
"Go to your homes. To-night ye Bhall
sleep."
When the people had departed snd the
King sat in his council-room, a great dread
came upon him. He feared the punish
ment might never be revoked. However,
he again summoned the magician.
Tne man came and the King said :
"Remove this plague thou hast called
forth."
"Alas I O King, thou knoweit I have not
the nower."
"Think of some way by which sleep may
be restored to the people or ere the day
passes thy Head shall be forfeited.' 7
At this the magician began to think and
finally said:
"Beneath the sands on the beach near
by dwells the sandman. He alone can
bring relief. But only a great sandstorm
can bring him to the surface. The castle,
owing to its situation, will feel the storm
the most. Shall I invoke it?"
"Invoke it," said the King. "It cannot
be worse that the present state of things."
The wizard went to a window that over
looked the ocean, and waved his hand
three times. Suddenly a terrible wind
sprang up. It shook the castle from tur
ret to vault. The sand was whirled
around with such force that it broke the
windows, and entering the castle covered
the beautiful carpets and costly furniture.
The inmates were so frightened they crept
into bed. The poor King lay trembling
beneath the bed clothes, and the Queen
with chattering teeth reminded him tbat
it was all his fault
The storm lasted an hour and waa
scarcely felt beyond the castla. At its
close the King ventured to look up, and
he saw before him a tiny man no bieger
than his own hand. His complexion, his
eyes and his hair were the color of sand,
and his clothes seemed of a sandy texture.
On his back he carried a diminutive sack
filled with sand, and in his hand he held
a minute tube.
"Who art thou?" demanded the King.
"I am the sandman," was the reply in
a gritty tone, and for a moment the King
saw no one.
"Alas!" cried the King, "he has gone."
"Oh, no; I am here," and he reap
peared. "I simply made myself invisible,
fox in this form I enter people's homes,
and dropping a few grains of sand into
open eyes I produce sleep."
"Good," answered the delighted King.
"And, if you please," he continued in a
very humble voice for one of so high de
gree, "commence with the Queen."
So in peaceful slumber the troubles of
the kingdom passed away. The next day
when the people were told of the sand
man's visit they declared it was he who
had always brought sleep; that the evil
power of the magician had always exor
cised him and only a Bevere sandstorm
could bring him back. Thereafter, when
ever any cne looked sleepy, they said,
"The sandman is coming," and the ex
pression became a familiar one in the king
dom and finally spread to other lands.
JACK
I am sure all the little boys and girls
who take such interest In the Children's
Page of The Call must be kind to animals.
"What makes you think so?" you ask.
Why, alter reading so many nice letters
telling about your pussies, birdies, chick
ens and ever so many other nice pets how
could I think otherwise?
It is for tbat reason I am going to tell
you a short story of how a dog saved his
young master's life.
First you would like to know what kind
of a dog, whether he was black or white,
small or large, and whether his name was
Tip, Tray or Rover?
Well, now do be quiet, like good chil
dren, and I shall tell you all about him.
He was a big black and white Newfonnd
laad, with long shaggy hair, which looked
as if it had never been combed, but as
grandma many times said, "a worn jacket
often covers an honest heart," we shall
see that Jack's shaggy coat wasn't so bad
after all.
It was springtime, in the month of
April. Here in California we were enjoy
ing the wild flowers, while in Montana the
forest fires were raging, burning the im
mense pines and many houses and render
ing a great many people homeless. The
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
family to whom the doc of my story b *
longed was living on a pretty farm, sev
eral miles from the town of Butte, when
this prairie fire broke out
Big, strong men went to work to fight
it, but to no purpose, for it swept nearer
and nearer, and the only thing left to do
was to flee for life.
The father and his five children had
been trying to conquer the angry flames,
too, but they made fierce headway and
seemed to' grow more angry all the time,
ac they roared on in their blazing fury.
The father called to hts children aa he
saw their danger, and they started to run
for their home, but a large tree which had
taken fire fell, hemming them in by its
flaming mass.
They were blinded by the thick smoke
and knew not which way#to go to get out.
They shouted for help, but in vain; yet
not entirely, in vain, for Jack's keen cars
had heard the sound of familiar voices,
and as if he knew the danger he sniffed
the air, and with one sharp bark ran until
he reacned the spot, sprang through the
flames, then. pnl!e*d and tugged with all
his might at the youngest child, a little
boy 9 years old, whom he found first.
Dear old Jack brought his little play
fellow out alive, yet badly burned about
the head, and the child has since had to
go througn Beveral critical operations of
skin-grafting.
Jack, faithful to the last, left his little
comrade where the tire could not reach
him, stopping only to lap his face, as if he
were saying a last good-by to the young
companion who had always treated him
so kindly.
He then started back to save the others.
and worked hard and long, but on account
of their weight could not carry them out,
so they perished in the flames.
Poor old Jack was so badly burned that
be had to be shot to end his suffering.
But, children, do you not think he was a
grand old dog, a true, loving friend, and
that his shagey coat wasn't so bad after
all? I do. Cilia May.
A bright little chap in the White Moun
tains wrote to his papa in the city the
other day the following letter:
"Dear: Papa: I can't write to yon 'cause
I got nothing to say, and I send this 'cause
I cant say.it; With love, T; Bob. ; :
"Please send some candies." — Harper's
Round Table.
•
"Well, Tommie, I hear you had a tutor
with you on the farm." .
"Yes." ;
"Did he .teach you anything?" ,
"Yes; he taught me* a little rnatthew
matics and how to milk a cow." — Harper's
Round Table.
THE YOUNG
ARTIST
BY MABY KATHEBIKS CBOWLEY.
About fifty years ago there lived in a
small house on an obscure street of Lon
don a boy named John.
Although he was fond of boyish games
from the time when he was a very little
fellow there was one thing that John
loved even better than play, and that was
to make pictures. The walls of the house,
the doors and in some cases even the ceil
ings were covered with sketches in char
coal or crayon; and poor John was the
worst boy to send on an errand, for he
was sure to be diverted by something he
saw on the way and would stop to
draw a picture of it on the
side of a building or occasionally
on the back of his jacket, which be
would sli^off for the purpose. This some
times brought him into trouble. His
mother was usually very patient witb him,
however, for the had a mother's faith in
his talents, and his -father acknowledged
that "after all the young rascal's pictures
were uncommonly good."
Others soon began to think so too.
When John was 9 years old a little sketch
of his won a silver medal from the Society
of Arts. He then entered a regular class
at the Royal Academy, and gained two
more medals. But all this was long be
fore the opening of our story.
He was now a tall, prepossessine young
fellow, and some people said he ought to
be better employed than in dawdling with
colors and canvas. There are always
busybodiea who claim to be competent
judges in such matters. Perhaps in this
instance they had a show of reason on
their aide, too, for, although John had
done much clever work since the day his
mother beheld his little jacket decorated,
not with chalk marks aeain, but with his
first shining medal, his skill had not
gained him anything but honors and
encouraging words. His parents were
growing old; they had made many sacri
fices that he might pursue his studies,
and now they were badly off for funds.
"Don't worry, mother; it will be all
right, father," he told them cheerily.
"Keep up your spirits until my 'Ferdi
nand' is finished. It is the best thing I
have done and cannot fail to bring a good
price."
And so they hoped on and he painted
steadily, trying to portray his beautiful
ideal. The subject was "Ferdinand and
Ariel," from Shakespeare* play, "The
Tempest."
One day he persuaded the dealer to go
and look at the picture. The man, after
examining it carefully, said:
"It promises well. When it is com
pleted, if I like it as much as I do now, I
will give you £100 lor it."
At this good news there was great re
joicing in the little home. John worked
with new enthusiasm. As the picture
grew more beautiful every day they
naturally regarded it as Bold.
At last it was finished. John's father
and mother, and trie few friends to whom
be exhibited it, were loud in its praise,
and the young artist, in high spirits, and
feeling already the joy of success, brought
the dealer to see it. But alas I the man
had cnanged bis mind in the interval, or
he was out of humor, or some detail did
not please him ; at any rate, he looked the
picture over coldly and finally said: "I
spoke of buying your picture if I liked it,
but 1 don't like it and I won't take it.
Good-morning."
Turning on his heel, he was gone before
the unfortunate painter could realize what
had happened. The consciousness came
soon enough, however, and then John
faltered, wondering how he was to tell the
— Yovths' Companion.
CAT - FISH.
old people. But he was not one to shirk a
duty because it was a hard one, and so he
went to the sitting-room where they were
awaiting the verdict with calm confidence.
At he entered they felt at once that all
was not well, for his face was pale and his
hand trembled.
"Father 1 Mother!" be said, "I have
failed. The picture has been refused."
"Refused? Impossible!" they exclaimed.
"Yes, he will not have it at all. What
a useless fellow I am 1 - Not much help to
you, mother."
John was thoroughly disheartened. His
father said nothing, but he could see that
THE COOKING CLASS.
the old man wu troubled, pondering bow
sundry small debts were now to be paid.
To his surprise, however, bis mother sud
denly became cheery, as mothers do when
everything looks darkest.
"Never mind, my dear boy," Bhe cried,
laying her hand affectionately upon his
arm. "Why should you be discouraged?
Perhaps you will get a better price for
your picture from some one else. God has
given you the talents of an artist and you
will be sure to succeed in the end."
"But how are we to get along in the
meantime?" he sighed gloomily.
"Oh, as to that," she went on briskly,
"we could give up the rooms on the first
floor and they would make comfortable
quarters for persons coming up to London
lor a few months. Two or three good
lodgers would help to pay the rent, and
by being careful and economical we shall
be able to manage, so take heart, fqr for
tune comes when least expected."
The next morning the sign "Furnished
Apartments" appeared in the front parlor
window, and the young artist, after a sad
glance at Ferdinand and Ariel, resolutely
turned it to the wall and set to work upon
another canvas.
Nearly three weeks had passed when
one morning the brass knocker upon the
street door was rattled imperatively and
presently two persons were shown up to
the studio. One was a man who some
times dropped in "just to Jook around,"
as he said, the other, an antiquated little
old gentleman with grizzly hair and
beard and a blue coat ornamented with
brass buttons.
This latter visitor was rather eccentric
and flitted about the room examining
Johu's sketches with curiosity and inter
eat, and occasionally pulling out a canvas
that had been stowed away. He seecaed
to be very fond of paintings and to know
a great deal about them. Chatting on in
a friendly manner he soon learned the
story of the "Ferdinand" and John's dis
appointment.
"Tut-tut 1 too bad!" he exclaimed.
"And what did you do with it then?"
"Here it is," replied John, dragging it
from a corner and setting it upon the
easel.
The old gentleman contemplated it for a
long time in silence. John watched him
narrowly. At last the queer visitor took
oQ his spectacles and said:
"Humph! so he wouldn't take it 1 Well
don't be discouraged. Your work is ex
cellent and success will come after a while,
Jtfut, of course, you have still much to
learn. Now here is a book," he continued,
taking a iitt.'e volume from bis pocket,
"which contains some practical advice to
young painters. I should be pleased to
present it to you if you will promise to
read it."
John bowed somewhat stiffly and said
he would read the book.
"Then get me a pen and ink, and I'll
write your name in It," the old gentleman
went on fussily.
John opened a secretary, placed the ink
bottle and a quill pen before him, and
walking away to the window, stood gazing
out into the street. Presently the old
gentleman joined him, and put the book
into his hands, saying:
"Be sure to read it. It will do you
eood. Be sure to read it."
He and his companion then took leave,
and John, after letting them out at the
hall door, again climbed the stairs leading
to the studio.
"What a strange old fellow! " he said to
himself. 'Oh, here is tho book he left.
Will people ever learn that the most help
ful words to young artists are those writ
ten upon a check?" •
As he opened the book a bit of rarer
fluttered to the floor. John picked it up
and gazed at it in bewilderment It was
a check and for a hundred and fifty
guineas, with the old gentleman's signa
ture at the end. On the flyleaf of the littie
volume were written a few words, saying
that the money was offered for the "Fer
dinand."
"Bravo!" cried the youth, recovering
himself and leaping down the stairs
several steps at a time. "Father!
Mother! The picture is sold!"
Then, striding to the front parlor win
dow, he took down the card which adver
tised "Furnished apartments' and tore it
Into bits. His mother never had ! occasion
to put up another, for . from that day her
boy's pictures sold faster than he 1 could
paint them. " • '
Who was the antiquated gentleman in
the blue Coat and ; brass buttons t. ' ; :: ■,
It was Mr. Ellison, the generous patron
of art, who bequeathed . a collection "of
paintings to the Fitzwilliam Museum of
Cambridge, in England.
And who was our friend John?
None other than the famous painter, Sir
John Millais, who sometimes tells this
story to his young friends when the work
they have undertaken seems unsuccessful
and they begin to be discouraged.—
♦
Mrs. Pilgrim— Now, these boys are sister's. -
The Census-taker— No, you mean brothers.
Mrs. Pilgrim— sir, I mean Just what I
say; they are my sister's. She lives next door
In the red house.— Christian Advocate. '
".' " » .'
THE LETTER
BOX
College Park, Sept. 11, 1896
v Dear Editor: Every Sunday I take great
Jjleasure In' reading the page ' entitled "In
"Childhood's Realm," published In The Call,
'and I.hope the letter which I , now write will
appear next Sunday. .
My father was a Grand Army man, but he is
now dead. He passed into eternity on last
Christinas day. I have a great desire lor
learning and my ambition is to become a fine
dentist, and I hope I shall some day; but my
mother is a poor widow, and a sick one at that,
and the chances are that I shall not be able to
remain at my studies as long as I should
like to. .y ■ ;.': .■■-. ■ : •..„., >/. ■-,
- I send you. a. letter written by my three
year-old baby sister. - ■.. , ..
ft I go I- to t the Santa Clara College, and, of
course, I think It the finest school in the
county. If lam able to keep on I shall gradu
ate in four years, when I. am just 17. I re
main yours truly, Edward F. Oswald.
Blenheim, CaL,\ept 10, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I have found'the answers to
the puzzles in last Sunday's paper I thought I
would write and | send | them. My father has
taken the San Francisco Call for the last year,
and Hike to read "the "Children's Page," as
the stories are interesting. . ■
I live near the Pacific Ocean and go down on
the beach to look for shells. • Sometimes Igo
in wading and bathing. I attend school every
day and have to walk about a mile. - :
' Hoping to see my letter In next Sunday's
Call I remain, your little reader,
: Lizzie M. Wienxk.
Blenheim, San Mateo County. ; •
ViNTtntA, Cal., Sept. 10. 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes the San Fran
cisco Daily Call. He told me that if I would
write a story good enough so that you would j
publish it he would give me 25 cents. If this
one is not pood enough I shall try. another j
one. lam 10 years old and in the fifth grade |
at school. Yours truly,
, Florence Kaufman.
. Penngbove, Cal., Sept. 10, 1896.
. Dear Editor: I have seen so many letters in
The Sunday Call written by ; children, but
none from here; so I concluded to write one.
I shall write you aoout my ' pets. I have a
pair of old rabbits and two little ones, whose
names are McKinley and Hobart, and they are !
getting along . nicely, i also have a little ■
black dog named Nig. I think I shall have to
Close, because this Is- my first letter to a
paper. I remain your little reader, . ; . . .
. Walter Hoadley. •.
P. B.— hope to see my ; letter . in ) next Sun
day's Call. 'j.tK.'- :.-•.; W.E.H. "
SAN Francisco, Sept. 13, 1896.
Dear Editor : lam a boy, 12 years old and go
to the John Swett Grammar School. lam in
the sixth tirade. I should bo very pleased if
you would publish this 1 letter in The Call.
My mother takes The Call and I like the
Childhood's Realm very much. I send with ]
this letter the answers to puzzles Nos. 1,4
and 7. I hope they are right. I. will close
now, for my letter is getting long. From your
constant reader, , Bebthold Hews. '.
524 Fulton street '.};',
P. S.— l like R. MaudMallory's stories very
much. ■ . ■'»■-.■ Berthold.
San Francisco, Sept 12, 1896. -
Dear Editor: I am a little girl 11 years old
and my uncle takes The Call and likes it very
much. " I go to the 8t Boniface School and I
am in the fifth grade. My pen is nearly worn
out now, so I'll close my letter. , Your ever
lasting reader, ; • .'. Louise' Bruckner.
P. S.— l hope It will be published In next
Sunday's Call. _ '
- San Francisco, Sept. 15, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little boy 10 years old.
Igo to school and am in the fourth grade. I
enjoy reading the . Childhood's , Realm very
much. 1 have a little sister 5 years old. and
we have nice times playing together. \ I am
going to have a vegetable garden next year. I
shall • try to ' write a longer letter some day
Your friend, "• : lf||l albert Isacksen.
2526 Post street. . .
San Francisco, Sept. 9, 1896. '„
Dear Editor: As' this is my first letter to The
Call I thought I would i write yon one. i I go
to school and am in the fourth grade. I like to
go to school. I have a little cat at home named
Tommy. ; : I shall close [■ hoping to see my letter
in print". I remain your friend,
' Rose May Shields (age 10 years). \
f The following words were incorrectly spelled
by some of my ; little letter-writers last week:
Ramble, continued, Independence, meadow,
puzzle, uncle, much, Sunday, burglar.
PUZZLES
THE LITTEB PUZZLE-SOLVER OF CHILDHOOD'S
RKALJI.
Becluded far from every sound
That might distract her mind,
Upon a tiny table round
Her elbows both reclined.
With eyes cast down and pensive brow
She scans the puzzles all ;
She only thinks of. live* In, now
The Childhood's Sum day Call.
Her pretty mouth Is open wide.
A wealth of golden hair
Waves round her forehead, all untied—
Her face is passing fair.
Upon both hands doth rest her head,
One leg i.cross her knee,
Of puzzled om before her spread
She solves each mystery. X. J. Sklt».
L My first In fights was used of old.
My second coins the yellow gold.
My whole, wherever it is iound,
A pleasant odor breathes around.
H. Reverse part of a nhlp and get an onion
like plant.
111. Reverse "slumber" nnd net "strips."
IV. Whfttis thepieasantest ax ?
V. Name of a celebrated Quaker is my first.
My second a small insect. My whole is a flag.
,Vi. Hidden isiaiuls. (a) He bows icily to the
minister, (b) The general telegraphed", "Send
me succors. 1 • can hold the town a little
longer." (c) The boatman, in a trice, landed
the passensxrs safe. *
VII. Wnat word? Ants under Din G.
VIII. Crate on I. What word?
IX. My 1 is a vegetable,
My 2 is an insect.
My whole is the name
Applied to a class of people.
X. Behead a manger and have a slender
curved bone.
XI. Crossword enigma.
My 1 is in rise but not in fall.
My 2 is in Peter but not In Paul.
My 3 is in pup but not in dog.
My 4 is in tree but not in log.
My 5 is in eat but not in drink.
My 6 is in mind but not in tnlnk.
My 7 is in boll but not in ring.
My 8 is in read but not in sing.
Now look for 9 in happy year, and then
you'll have the word that's here.
Correct answers to puzzles in last number:
I. Nothing:.
n. A quarter to two.
111. Washington.
IV. Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them,
Cannon In front of thorn,
Volleyed and thundered.
— All red Tennyson.
V. Hear— ear— are.
VI. Care— car— arc.
VII. Dear— read.
VIII. Beet— sperm— September.
IX. Morning— glory— Morning glory.
X. Sapphire.
Correct answers to curales of September 6
received from Lizzie M. Wlenke. For Septem
ber 13 from Alice Bell, Pearl V. Taylor, Bor
thold Hews, M. J. Sellg, Gretta Cluff, Lou Par
sons, May E. and Teresa M. Peters.
KEW TO-PAT.
SOLE PACIFIC COAST AGENTS
COLUMBIA KID GLOVES
A large stock of Newest Pall Shades, Just
in. Every pair fitted aad guaranteed.
MONROE KID GLOVES
(2-CLASP).
All the latest shades. Every pair fitted
and guaranteed.
Best $1 Glove T ™ World.
ON SALE AT BOTH STORES.
DRESS GOODS
(AT MARKET-ST. STORE ONLY).
For this week we offer some
unusual bargains in New Fall
Dress Materials.
A full suit pattern of Fancy Armure
Suitings, all new colorings, warranted silk
and wool,
$3.50.
A full snit pattern of German Boucle
Suitings, strictly all wool, in all staple
colorings, black rough effects,
$4.00.
A full auit pattern of French Novelty
Suitings, solid colorings, with black nig-
ger-bead effects, scroll and checkered de-
signs, ail pure wool, 40 inches wide,
$5.00.
A full suit pattern of Ecroyd's Finest
Black Goods, in satin Berber grounds,
with small, neat patterns; also large, styl-
ish. Wave and Ripple Effects, warranted
all wool, 41 inches wide,
$4.50.
j 1 220- I 222- I 224 MARKET ST.
2526
THE
STAGE
New York theaters are bristling with as
many novelties as if McKinley had already
been elected, and the prosperity of which
he is the advance agent had become an
actual fact. Croakers said that theaters
in Gotham would not do anything till
after t c Presidential election, and that
managers who tried putting on new plays
would have to spell the word bankruptcy.
However, their predictions have come to
naught, and the people who predicted a
disastrous season are lying low and say
ing nothing.
In the coming by-and-by we may see
some of the novelties ourselves, but in ibe
meantime San Francisco managers prefer
a masterly inactivity till after the Presi
dential election. The California will put
up its shutters to-night till the fate of the
Nation is decided. The Baldwin will also
remain dark for part of the time between
now and November, and the other theaters
are not promising much in the way of
new productions. An augmented com
pany is coming to the Grand this week,
but the plays in which Mr. Stockwell and
his company are to appear are old familiar
friends. The Tivoli promises a grand
6cenic revival of "Aida," and that ia the
greatest novelty ahead, for though the
African opera is almost as well known as
the "Trovatore," to see it handsomely put
on the stage will be something absolutely
new to San Francisco theater-goers.
Goivimbia Jheater.
The Frawley Company, which kept its
patrons laughing all last week in farce
comedy, will this week produce a strongly
dramatic play, adapted by the late St«ele
Mackaye from Sardou's "A<j;nes," called
"In Spite of All." The work was success
fully presented in the East last season by
Minnie Maddern Fiske.
The play is founded upon a story of the
affections, its leading motive being the
efforts of a young wife to keep the love of
her husband, who is very much infatuated
with a celebrated dancer who has just
created a sensation in America. In the
effort not to let her husband slip through
her hands the wife goes in disguise to the
dressing-room of the dancer and makes an
appeal to her better nature. After a
series of dramatic incidents the actress
finally turns her efforts to keeping the
husband and wife from drifting apart, and
the curtain falls on the happy reunion of
the couple.
The Frawley Company only has two
weeks more to play at the Columbia
Theater, after which it will go to Hono
lulu.
BaldWin Theater.
Commencing with to-morrow evening
the Baldwin will be dark for a couple of
weeks preparatory to opening for the fall
and winter season on Monday, October 5,
with "The Prisoner of Zenda," which is
at present playing at Hooly's Theater,
Chicago, and repeating its success of last
season.
JamesK. Hackett, who heads the cast of
Frohman's company, is a stalwart youth
of 27, the son of the famous "Fafstaff"
Hackett of other days.
California Jheater.
Steve Brodie and his play, "On the
Bowery," will close a successful engage
ment of two weeKs at the California The
ater this evening. This house will then be
dark until after the elections, wlien it will
reopen with Grattan Donelly's "Darkest
Russia."
Qrand Opera-House.
Manager Morosco of the Grand Opera
house has chosen an auspicious time for
introducing a strong company to the
t beater-goers of Ban Francisco. With the
Baldwin and the California closed the ad
vent of such well-known people as L, tL
Stcckwell, Victory Ba;eman and Howard
Kyis in a bouse with popular prices prom
is, sio be a successful move. Mr. Stock
well and Miss Bateiuan open to-morrow
evening in "Mr. Potter of Texas," with
Stuckwell in the title role and Miss Bate
moo as Lady Annerly. Mr. Kyle has been
delayed and so will not make his first ap
pearance till a week later.
Victory Bateman is well known to San
Francisco audiences. She was one of the
few successes of the old Stockwell Theater,
now the Columbia. Although still young,
she has made a name for herself on the
American stage, which is not surprising,
as she was born in a theatrical atmosphere
and was educated in the company of her
uncle, Edwin Booth.
Kyle was leading man for Modjesta
during two seasons. KtocKwell is too well
known to need a word of mention. With
the above performers will appear Lottie
Williams, Edward Heron, Julia Blanc and
Frank Hatch.
The play for this week is a dramatiza
tion of Mr. Gunters popular novel, "Mr.
Potter of Texas." It will be set off with
new and striking scenery.
» . Alcazar Jheater.
To-morrow night Augustin Daly's so
ciety comedy "Divorce" will be produced
at the Alcazar Theater. .
It is a play in four acts, the first scene
opening in New .York City. The location
is transferred successively to Long Island,
New York, Florida and to New York
again, where, the story is broug ;t to a
close. In the first act the various court
ships and marriages, all of a different
character, are established.. Later the vari
ous jealousies, domestic troubles and
matrimonial differences arise , and the
comical and serious sides of divorce are ex
ploited. Matters are filially happily ad
justed, though in certain instances not
without leaving a sting.
John T. Sullivan will be seen as Alfred
Adriance, Carl Smith as Captain Lynde,
F. B. Clayton as Rev. Harry Duncan, J.
B. Polk as De Wolf de Witt, Frank Doane
as Templeton Jitt, Gordon Foster as Mr.
Burritt, W. A. Belasco as Judge Kemp,
Charles Bryant as Dr. Lang, Mrs. Henry
Vandenhoff as Mrs. Ten Eyck, Beatrice
Lieb (her first anpearanca with the Alca
zar stock company) a? Fanny Ten Eyck,
Amy Lee as Lv Ten Eyck, Anita Bridger
as Grace, Hattie Foley as Mollie, May
Backlcy as Flora Penfield and Mrs. F. If.
Bates as Mrs. Kemp.
Z New scenery is being prepared for the
performance.
Tiv>oli Opera-j^ouse.
The season of grand opera is announced
to end next week at the Tivoli. • Most of
the artists who began the season will ap
pear this week in farewell performances.
The feature of the closing season will be
a scenic revival of Verdi's "Aida." In
order to give more time to the prepara
tion of this work it will not be put on till
Wednesday. , To-morrow "The Hugue
nots" will be given, and on Tuesday "The
Bohemian Girl," with the same cast as
heretofore. \
The cast of "Aida" will include: Mme.
Natali and Ida Valerga, alternately, as
Aida, the Ethiopian princess; Miss Ber
nice Holmes as Amneus, the Egyptian
princess; big. Abramoff as Ramfis; Big.
Michelena and Rhys Thomas, as Ra
dames; Big:. Maurice de Vries and John J.
Raffael, alternately, as the father of Aida,
and Sig. Napoleoni as the king. .', Special
scenery is being painted for the perform
ance and a grand ballet is promised. Rhys
Thomas, a tenor from the Carl Rosa Opera
Company, will make his San Francisco
debut as Radames. * <
. After the run of "Aida" Balfe's "Sata
nella" will be produced, with two new
comers, , Elvira C. Seabrooke and Maurice
Darcy, in the leading roles. This will be
follow, d by Ferris Hartman's spectacular
burlesque, "The Babes in the Wood."
At the Orpheum.
Three .'new turns are billed at the Or
pheum for this week. Of. these much is
expected from Master Walter Leon, the
boy actor, mimic and vocalist. Leon
comes direct from the Empire Theater,
London. The London Daily News says of
him, "the caricature in each case is so
close and so amusing that one wonders
how so yonng a child can have observed
so much." He is now 9 years of ace.
The Carpos brothers are a pair of acrobats
credited with performing some very diffi-
Icuit leais. ■.'ineirTacTissaTcr^To^'Be some^
■tiling of a novelty. Riiey and aome-|
tiling of a novelty. Riiey anil Hughes
■style themselves plantation comedians and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
dancers, and can only be regarded in the
light of fun-makerß. As Impersonators of
the old-time "Uncle Remus they are said
to excel. Lew Hawkins will have new
gacs to tell, also some up-to-date political
hits. Bellman and Moore remain for one
week only, as do Filson and Errol. Others
on the bill are Marguerite Ferguson and
Ferguson and Mack, all of whom have
some new work. Abdullah will continue
to make his slides on the high wire.
Mile. Alma on the electric globe completes
a ten-act bill.
Jum Vereirx Benefit.
The active Turners of the Mission Turn
Verein will thi« evening give a benefit
performance for Emil Eberhardt, who re
cently broke his leg while exercising at
the gymnasium of the Mission Turn
Verein. The performance will take place
at the Mission Turner Hall, on Eighteenth
street, and the programme will be as fol
lows: Overture, orchestra; parallel bars,
active Turners; boxing, (a) Krelin^
brothers, (b) Moll and Noethit-; high
jumping, active Turners; horizontal bar,
Moll and Barth. To be followed by
dancing. Floor committee, J. Bell and
R. Moll.
Macdorvough Jheater.
"Madame Sans Gene" Company will
play three nigbts at the Macdonough
Theater, commencing to-morrow.
Lorir\g Glub Concert.
The Loring Club announces the first
concert of their twentieth season for the
evening of Tuesday, the 22d inst., at
Odd Fellows' Hall. There are several
items of exceptional interest on the pro
gramme, perhaps the principal one being
a composition by Oebois, "Mysterious
Night," for male chorus with violin obli
gate This will be the first performance
of this composition in San Francisco.
The violin obligato is a very important
solo and John Marquardt has been engaged
as soloist for this occasion. Advantage of
his presence has been taken to include in
the programme another number for male
chorus with violin obligato, and he will
also play a solo. Among the other chorus
numbers are Mohr's "Hymn of Praise"
and Foote's "Farewell of Hiawalhi."
The club has engaged as soprano soloist
for the evening, Miss Adeiia Brown of
New York. The concert will be under the
direction of the conductor of the club,
D. P. Hughes.
Jkt the Chutes.
The week has been a lively one out at
the Chutes. What with open air perform
ances, Antonio Pirri's daring bicycle rides
down the slide into the lake, and political
demonstrations things have been hum
ming.
The latest attraction is the "Animato
scope," a kinitoscope which throws life
sized figures in motion on a screen. It in
cludes all the good features of the vita
scope with several important improve
ments. A humber of local scenes are repro
duced, including a view on Kearny street.
The bill in the Casino has some new faces,
including Mabel Maitland, a contortiou
dancer, Louis Meyers, the "King of Clubs,"
and "Musical 1 Fletcher, who playa every
instrument conceivable and inconceivable.
The two young ladies continue to give
their stationary miie bicycle race and Pirri
is retained.
Regular matinees are given Saturdays
and Sundays, and tbe evening perform
ances begin at half-past 8.
BRET HARJE'S "SUE."
Jhe Western Writer jViakes a First
yUtempt at flay Writing.
Bret Harte has made his first attempt at
playwriting in a drama called "Sue,"
which is to be produced at Hoyt's Theater,
New York, on Tuesday night. It is rathe
late in life for Bret Harte to begin, but all
the successful novelists and short-story
writers are taking to the drama nowadays,
so Harte naturally wants to be in the
swim. He has taken as his collaborator J.
Edgar Pemberton, who probably helped
him in constructing tho plot.
"Sue" is announced as a Western story,
with enough atmosphere and coloring to
give it interest even if the plot flags. Like
nio.-it of Bret Hart-'s work it depicts the
California of early days.
The young la Jy who gives her name to
the play is the daughter of a Sierra Nevada
miner. She is a charming type of the
inexperienced and guileless girl, whose
shrine is the ragged hills and whose creed
is the same as theirs.
_ She has been brought up in the camp,
ana one would think: would be wedded to
its picturesque types and rude ways ; bat
she is not. The girl has dreams ana hopes
built upon some vague notions of the out
side world, and is not reconciled to her
narrow environment.
Her father selects a husband for her,
and, in pursuance of the crude plans she
has formed for her own future, she accepts
the suitor and becomes bis wife.
Her intention is of the very best, but
along comes a young man, who stops in
the camp long enough to win Sue's fancy.
It is at this point, where the young wife
wavers between love and duty, that the
dramatist takes up the • characters and
story and builds up their complications.
Many intensely dramatic situations are
said to result, and the solution of all the
trouble is not reached until the last act,
which is a characteristic Bret Harte trial
scene.
//V, Local piayright. .- :
Society circles are interesied in the forth
coming production at the California Thea
ter of the comedy-drama "Back%o the Old
Home," which has been written by Lotta
Day Coleman. The authoress is a Native
Daughter of the Golden West and. was
born in Marysville in June, 1872, and was
educated in the schools of that city, re
ceiving her finishing education at a pri
vate seminary. Mrs. Coleman has ; trav
eled extensively ail over America, and the
play she has written is said to be : the re
sult of a .close observation of nature and
the careful study of the inhabitants of
Vermont, where the scenes of "Back to
the Old Home" are laid. A professional
company has been engaged by the author
ess, and is now rehearsing under her di
rection, and the production at the Califor
nia Theater this month of Mrs. Coleman's
play will be watched by her numerous
friends with considerable interest.
/V Qilded Offer.
De "Wolf Hopper recently received the
following proposition by • letter f rom a
New York clubman: "If you will let me
play the part of , Edmund -Stanley in 'El
tapitari' for one night only I will pay his
salary for a week and give you $100 be
sides." Hopper was mystified 'at this
offer until the letter was shown to Nella
Bergen, who plays the part of Stanley's
sweetheart. The pretty blonde prima
donna recognized the letter as that of a
lovelorn youth who had written her sev
eral amatory letters and had vainly sought
to make her acquaintance. Hopper re
fused the youth's gilded offer, but what a
pretty story it would have made had he
accepted, for then the lady would have
been forced to listen to the bona fide pro
testations of a supposedly make-believe
lover who had paid for the privilege.
DoWr\ir\g's J^JeW Play.
"In Search of Happiness," the play
which Robert Downing produced for the
first time in this country in Washington
last Monday evening at the National Tne
ater, was originally written for John Me-
Cullough. Longfellow, It is said, once
pronounced it an unusually strong play
and wrote a letter to the tragedian asking
him to produce the play in Boston. The
play, which was originally written in the
English language, has been translated
into the Greek by a well-known American
scholar and is said to have achieved suc
cess in the capital of Greece. "In Search
of Happiness" is a pathetic play dealing
with the strongest of human passions —
love and honor — honor on the part of man,
love on the part of woman. And the most
unexpected denouement is finally reached.
Jk Juicy Retort.
There is a young lady in one of Charles
H. Hoyt's companies of whom the play
wright manager expects great things.
Here is a sample of her wit, of which Mr.
Hoy t likes to tell: , -
It appears that the young lady, who may
be donominated as Miss ll., was an artist's
model before she went on the stage. One
day he heard that a certain artist was in
search of a model, and presented herself
as an applicant.
"But, my dear," said the artist, "I paint
fruii pictures, and—"
"Well, that's all right," retorted Miss
H., "I'm a peach."
Lillian's Retort
"I met Patti once," remarked Lillian
Russell to George Lederer, during one of
the pauses at a rehearsal of "An American
Beauty." "It was at a hotel in St. Louis.
She was walking in the corridor smoking
a cigarette.
"'Oh, you are the young girl I heard
sing last night,' she said. 'You have a
wonderfully beautiful voice. Take good
care of it.'
" 'If 1 follow your example,' I replied,
with a significant glance at the cigarette
smoke, 'I won't have it long.'
"Patti laughed and shrugged her shoul
ders. 'Oh, you mustn't mind me,' she
added, 'I'm an old woman " ~
Dramatic. Brevities.
L. R. Stock well's engagement at Morosco's
lasts only four weeks. '
Julia Marlowe is to follow "The Prisoner of
Zenda" at the Baldwin.
The rose matinee given at the Alcazar yes
terday was a novel and pretty success.
John Drew has signed a contract to continue
under Charles Frohrnan's management three
years longer.
Nina Boueicault, a. daughter of Dion Bouci
cault, will come to America with Beerbohm
Tree's company. (
Some very handsome scenery has been L es
pecially painted for "Mr. Potter of Texas" at
Morosco's Grand Opera-house.
Nat C. Goodwin, according to the Australian
papers just received, has made a most pro
nounced success in Melbourne. ■. . ,
Mr. and Mrs. Rush Why tal are to make their
first appearance in San Francisco as stars in
"For Fair Virginia" during the season. •
Marie Wainwright will play. lending roles
with Wilton Lackaye's company. She is said
to have a splendid part in "Dr. Bellgrafl."
Miss Beatrice Lieb, who makes her first ap
pearance with the Alcazar stock company to
morrow night, was . for ' many years James
O'Neill's leading support.
Delia Fox expects to secure the right for
this country to F. C. Burnand's musical farce.
"The Telephone Girl," lately produced in
London with marked success. ■ ,
So great has been the success of Mr. Drew
in "Rosemary." at the Empire, that . Oljra
Nethersole's time has been canceled, and she
will not be seen in New York , until February,
and then at the Knickerbocker.
Marcus Mayer arrived from Europe last Fri
day. The new Imperial Italian < Opera Com
pany, of which he Is the American representa
tive, will make its first appearace at ■ the
Academy of Music on October 26. '
Park Music To-Day.
The following attractive programme has
been prepared for the open-air concert in Gol
den Gate Park to-day:
Pride of the Navy (Oregon) March.. Major U. Hunt
Overture, •Mlrella 1 ' Gounod
Ist pour Orchestra (Pastorale Waltz)
Broulin
Seleciion, 'Lindadl Chamounl" Donizetti
Polonaise, "Royal Decree" Swift
Scene from "Hansel and Gretel" Humperdinlt
Flute Solo, '•Tmviattt" Verdi
Mr. A. liombardo.
Hhapsodle Hongrolse, No. 2 Liszt
Descriptive Fantasia, "In tne Clock Store"
Chas J. Ortb
[Synopsis— The apprentice opens tne store in
the morping and winds up the different elects, the
ticking of whioii Is illustrated by the music, which
gradually develops into a musicnl imitation of a
clock store. The cuckoo clock strikes the hour,
alter which the de<-p sound of another clock is
hoarJ. Tlje alarm clock then ring* a merry rattle,
fo lowed by tnu striking of another cock in har
mony with the music. The apprentice then whis
tles n tune. After this tne clock thai contains the
chimes gradually runs down and stops. The boy
winds lit up attain, and then the miniature chimes
of a Scotch cathedral are heard In the distance.
Now that all the clocks are in running order, the
apprentice looks after his other work, and we
leave Hie store.]
"Xl Caiman" , Sousa
'
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
/ 4B&^ < NEWyORK OFFICE 42\,V. 3O T . H . STREET.
Gustav w Walter, Director general.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell.'
vveels. Commencing 3Vtoncl/iy. Sept. 81. :
MORE SEW TOP-NOTCH VAVDEVILLK STARS FROM EUROPE AND THK EAST!
Frank RILtY AND HUGHES !--Joe C.
- World Famous Plantation Comedlaos and Dancers.
"OARPOS^ROST
0 .European Celebrities— The World's Greatest Aero oats.
MA^T-SSk T ■CT'I^^TST ! W"onderful Aotor, ~~
-L-J-ELjV— ! Mimic and Vooalist.
'■_ Direct i rom the K.mplre Theater. London. -"•"•.
.- ■ • TWO BIG BITS! ~
LEW HAWKINS,' BELLMAN AND MOORE,
In a New Bill of Good Things, Local, National Presenting a New Repertoire of bONGS AND
and Otherwise. DANCES. .
ABDULLAH, I MLLE. ALMA,
* The Marvelous, the Great. j The Latest European Novelty.
FERGUSON & MACK. I MARGUERITE FERGUSON,
The Best Knockabout Comedians on Earth. | Supreme Contortion Dancer.
Farewell WeeK of the Popular Favorites,
Indorsed by the Entire Press and Public as the Very Best Legitimate Comedy Sketch Artists That
Have Ever Appeared in This City. Don't Fail to See Them In Their Artistic Triumph,
3ve:ej>x vs. ■xKroivLJEmo' i— —
Matinee TO-DAY (Sunday), SEPT. 20.
Last Appearance of the VASSAR QUARTET and TERRY AND ELMER.
Parquet, any seat, 26c; Balcony, any seat, 10o; Children, 10c, any part.
MATINEES EVERY WEDNESDAY. SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PAY! TAT -THE FAMOUS ROYAL B • WAI lAN BAND AND GLEE CLUB, under
\Jv/i>lXl> \J the Leadership of Prof. J. S. Llbornio, the Greatest Saxophone Soloist In the world.
-••rRICDLANDER,GOTTLOS&(S-/ LES!)ES&MANAOIR6-
LAST OF THE Ij A.XJCJrH=3 TO-NIGHT I
To-morrow ttTrGTiiri&——Som<^lilxig New^ toy
TH FRAWLEY COMPANY
*^ >^* WN *^ VVV>^ rfV ANDTrETTTA^T^w!EKK >^uT7>^K?^ > *^^^ '~*~/~* S * "***
COMMENCING MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 21 SARDOU'S
"I3XT SPITE OF 1 ALjlj"
Adapted by steele Mackaye.
Not Sensational. Not Morbid. -Not Vulgar. Not Stupid. Not Harmful.
a Revelation. A Truth. A Study. A Warning. Irresistible.
September 28, ''Farewell Week." Secure Your Seats Now.
ALCAZAR,
O'FarreU Street, between Stockton and Powell.
BELABCO, DOaSE & JORDAN Lessees and Man*gen
MATINJES~Tb-DAY
And To-Nlght Last Performances of the Charming Military Comedy
OURS I --
With Its Unique Kain Effects. Parade of Soldiery, Mounted Officers and
j ull Mi itary Band.
COMMENCING TO-MORROW, SEPTEMBER 21,
4th WEEK TRIUMPH OF STAGE ART.
- - DIVORCE ! - -
To those who want it .*... A Lesson I
To Those who don't Amusing!
To Those who have it..... .....A Moral!
MAGNIFICENT GOWNS! .NEW SCENERY I
SUPERB FURNITURE I HOST OH ACCESSORIES !
DIVORCE MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Alcazar's Attractive Prices : .. . For the Fifth Week, - iSBtSSsasSSS 6
Night— 150, --.'sc. 35c: 50c. ' Tom Robertson's Famous Comedy.
M itinees-1.-.c. 85c, 35c. • "School !"
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-NIGHT ONLY— PERFORMANCE OF
THE 33A.l\rC=t-ES3FL SICS-J>J iIL !
De Milie's Great Railroad Play.
COMMENCING MONDAY NIQHT, SEPT. SI,
LIMITED STAK KNtiAUEMtiNT OF : ENGAGEMENT EXTRAORDINART OP
L. R. STOCKWELLI VICTORY BATEMAN I
California's Favorite Comedian. The Popular Emotional Actress.
In an Elaborate Production of Gunter'a Masterpiece, ■\'.L
MR. POTTER OF TEXAS!
• NEW SCENERY I ELEGANT APPOINTMENTS ! BEAUTIFUL. COSTUMES 1
EVENING PRICES-lOc, 25c and sOc. MA ; INKES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE CHUTES, CASINO |^H?a-wI7
OPEN TO=DAY FROM 10 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
THIS AFTERNOON -A.T HALF-PAST FOUR,
A.ND THIS EVENING A.T TEN,
--ANTONIO PIRRI--
(FROM THE CHUTES AT MILAN, ITALY),
Will Ride Down the Chutes and Land in the Lake on a SAFETY BICYCLE.
POSIT. VELY HIS LAST APPEARANCES.
don't FA ,LTp ?5i — - ANIMATOSCOPE I
THE SUPERIOR OF THE VITASCOPE,
AND A GREAT IN THE CASINO! ■
A Mile bicycle Race on the Stage and Several Startling Novelties.
FREE DONKEY AT 5 P.M. . •
Admission. 10 Cents. Children. Including Merry-Go-Round Ride. 5 Cents.
i — : — : — — — — •.. .-,. .
AL HAYMAN -4 ro.'S THEATERS.
I r .^TT ME| T"| TO-NIGHT!
I tALIFORHIA Last Minht of
THK SENSATIONAL SUCCESS,
"oust
THE
BOWERY"
with STEVE BRODIE
Notb.— Commencing to-morrow the ; California
Theater will be temporarily closed and can be
rented for Concert*, Lectures. Amateur .Enter-
tainments, etc.
I b at TH. 1 .,- CLOSED FOR
BALDWIN TWO WEEKS
RE-OPENING MONDAY, OCT. 5,
With the Greatest Novelty of the Season,
"THE PRISONER 01 ZENDA"
. From the Lyceum Theater, N. Y. .■ :
Interpreted by -the- Lyceum: Theater Company,
'* - Direct from the Home Theaier and under
the Direction of Mr. Daniel Frohman. . • . „
The Original /Scenic .Embellishment, Accesso-
ries, etc. 99859E8H8 HHS9P '
IT The Sale of Seats for. "The
Prisoner of Zenda" will Commence
Wednesday, September 30.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7. a. m. Until 11 p. K.
Concert Every Afternoon and'Kvenlng.
General Admission— Adults 10c. Children ss. „
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.
33 rjaL 'id IB ALiIiI
— IMPERIALS, vs. OAKLAND S
— (Jrtmi- Called at 2:30 P. M.— -^
ADMISSION 25 OUSTS. LADIES FKEE
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Ernestine Kreli no. Proprietor A Manager
Tire Qrand Opera Season
TO-NIGHT !
LAST TIME!
Humperdlnclc's Fairy Opera, in Three Acts,
HANSEL m GRETEL!
TO-MORROW EVENING
RETURN OF THE FAVORITES!
THE HXTGrUXiIiTOTS !
Nat ali, Bertini. Humphreys- bernice. Holmes,
Michelena, De Vrles, Abramoff. Napoleoni, Etc.
First appearance of MB. RHYS THOMAS, Tenor.
Tuesday. ...... THK BOHEMIAN GIKI,
"Wednesday and the rest of the week....AIDA
A magnificent production of Verdi's Spec-
tacular Grand Opera.
Popular ' Prices— 2sc and 5Qc.
NOTABLE
BAY EXCURSION
To Witness MR. CHAS. CAVILL '
SWIM THE GOLDEN GATE!
Under the Auspices of the California
-'-. Swimming Club.
SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20,
On which . occasion the splendid . large Ferry
Steamer NEWARK of the a P. Co. and the
SAUSALITO of the N. P. C R. R. Co. will take
excursionists to the Golden Gate, and after the
swimming exhibition an
Excursion Around the Bay Will Be made.
TICKETS sOc. CHILDREN 2 5c.
Steamers will leav* their respective slips, foot of
Market street, at 2:80 p. m.
T. H. GOOD Ma V. F. B. LATHAM,
G. P. A., ap. Co. G. P. A., X. P. C. R. &. C*.
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM,
Y. M. C. A. Building, corner Mason and Ellis Sts.
MISS / Al_il ~EJ BACON
* ' ——AND ■' '
■QIUIjIO MINETTI,
— FIRST EN EM6LEI CONCERT —
Saturday,: Afternoon at 3 o'clock.
Soloist-Miss A. Bacon. Cantor-Mr. E. J. Stark.
Subscription Ticket for the Series of •
.. > "■ , four Concerts S3. :
Admission.... .............. ........50 Lents
1 n n fl fefW aftj
When writing for further particulars to
any of the Health or Summer Resorts in
these columns kindly mention the Call.
HIGHLAND_SPRINGST
THE BEST PLACE ON EARTH TO
SPEND THE FALL MONTHS.
Good Climate and the Greatest Va-
rletv and Finest Mineral Springs
In the 'World. ' j /"-'■■.' .; ! _ f
Fall season opens August 15. Finest
dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good hunting, battling, boating
and fishing.
RATES $IO TO $12 PER WEEK.
. For full particulars address
LEE D. CRAIG,
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CX VIG,
• Highland Springs, Lake Co., Oal.
sapa soda SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain . Spat
iiivi Ton bbks THKBK .Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate nn«mr-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
Kapa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postottica.
Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. Sew improvements every
year, f Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WAKM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise; mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AND KEW JaCKSON, K*pa Sod* Springs
■ a ■ 4% 0% hqt springs,
PA R A I Q n s 0^ 7 -^
I UIIMI «\ II Carlsbad of
I niiniuu tsssufiz
ore, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tnb and swim mine tanks, mas-
sage treatment, banting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hall for families.
Paraiso stands unsurpassed In the state. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Town send streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. h.
daily, for Soledad ; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Post office. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special Inducements foe
1886, address H. BOBKRTSON, Manager.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognised Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
' Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. . Btasre at Madrone every Monday. Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting wlUi
train leaving the City at 8 :1 5 a. m.
VIC POXCKLET, Uagas. CU.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL,
"RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR lIC-
Xv vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking N'apa
Valley. Steam beat, elevator, call bells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are among the - amusements. Pure
water, air and a beautiful climate. : Accommoda-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOTEL RAFAEL.
San Rafael, California.
FIFTY MINUTKS FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
Asa Winter resort or home it has no equal In
the world.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rate* for Fall and Winter guests- . •"' ■
R. H. WABFIELD & CO.
MADROSE MINERAL SPRINGS
WILL BK OPEN TO GUESTS THE ENTIRE
year. Waters sure enre for all stomach and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Mineral Springs,
Madrone, Santa Clara County, Cal. S
HOME REST FOR THe -SUMMER.
I CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
drew P. O. box 226. . /
IVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANES OF
Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, «9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fishing, bunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. I.
OILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendocino County.
T BELMONT, SAN MATEO COUNTY,
board for summer months: private j family;
beautiful grounds: large rooms; 3 minutes from
station: 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAX s X . Bel mon
. MEW AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
j . PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
VOTING FOR THE FIVE BEST EXHIBITS
September 1J to October 1.
PRIZES— 6 GOLD MEDALS.
See the Magnificent Display of live Fish !
Monday, September 21— German day. German
selections by Hinrlchs' orchestra. Wagner night-
Homing Pigeon Contest for grand silver cup for
members of the Pacific Coast Homing Pigeon Asso-
ciation.
Tuesday, September 22— French night. French
selections; singing by French Choral Society; .
awarding of silver cup for winner of Homing
Pigeon Contest.
Wednesday, September 23— Military night. Mill,
tary selections. .•-
Thursday, September 24 — Fraternal night. Uni- "'
form Rank, Knights of Pythias.
Friday, September 25— League of the Cross Ca-
aets; Native Sons of the Golden West; Native
Daughters of the Golden West; League of Ameri-
can ■. Wheelmen: 9 p. x., rendering of patriotic
songs by the pupils of the Franklin Grammar
School.
Saturday, September 26, afternoon— day,
beautiful prizes for Handsomest Babies (12 prizes),
children 2 to ft years of age: Stanford University
day. College . airs; . San Francisco Commercial
Travelers' Association; Literary Exercises in Art
Gallery. ___^ ..-■-:.
-Admission 250, Children 15c...
OPKN DA"V AND EVENING.
SOOO
CARNATIONS
Field-Grown From Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced Eastern Florist.
As follows: '.'.
Portia, Scarlet Lizzie McGowan, 1
Wlliaro Scott, 1 Silver Spray. twnit*.
Day Break, Ip. . Hinsies White, h^ lll **
Tidal Wave, pink- whUe Win?, J
Grace Wilder, J Gc'dFlncn.Uold, Yellow
American Fla —Striped.
These plants are well-Brown for Win-
ter bloom, and will be sold to the
trade at reasonable rates.
T.O.ARMSTROM&SON
FLORISTS, •ETO.i
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Address:
Mills College P. P., Alameda Co., Cal.
DH. Q.TJY |SL^
hERB PHY SI of the v**t£*3*s'V
FLOWeRY KINGDOM. Mm§k
HE IS Of GKKAT EMI- s^^^^^ffi^' "
nence and learning, tsSiKJ**^"**^
having long experience in l ' ■ "
the Imperial t Hospitals of • V .
China. • He 1 has practiced ' A :
his profession la : America t\ •'•V.VWfc m
for 15; years and cured tn'on- \m •- '» j
sands of sick and afflicted.' \\ <Xf3 ft
He guarantees a cure of all \ _^^_ /
diseases of men, women ' V' •^^^ J
and children where cure Is JFV jt '
possible. No matter If oth- -JM **«~»^>V
era have failed to cure you »<lf)Hi»
try GUY. Everybody
invited to ; call. Consulta- .- ■■ r tl^^^
tion fekr .. Offi es— 82 1 KEABNY st ' t>.>
Washington and Jackson. *•*'*■*« * ST.,- bM,THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
HillMAUlt UK XUK 4iAUh.tis.
Silver oft again. ■— —
Bank Clearings pain 6,72.
Wheat continues to Improve.
■ % L' rl>y steady,
()»ts, Corn ard Rye dull •
Hay aud Feedstuff* unchanged.
Potatoes. Onions and VcgSsiablrs Cheap.
J.ut er decliu^d Rgaln
Choice Eg rs rule nrm.
Poultry rules dull.
Fresh and Dried Fruits about the same.
Provisions fairly active.
Hops and Wool unchanged.
Decreased imports 01 specie,
Increased Imports 01 Produce,
BANK. CLKAKINGB.
local bank clearings last week were f 11 810,460.
against $13,847,611 fOr the same weeH in JB9s>
IMPOITS OF SPKCIE-
Imports of Specie durinc the first elssht months
Of 1836 were 51,969,t>66, aaainst $2,216,616 for
the same period In 1895. The dpscriptions were
as Iv, lows: Gold Bullion. $583,812; God Coin.
*258 840 ' IVer BulMon> » 1 .°»* 5 . 67; Silver Coin,
IMPORTS FRO.II OTHKfi COUNTRIES.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
eight months of 1896 were $27,300,000, against
f -'6,67h,000 during the same period in 1895. The
U C cV«\'' re 3 foIlows: Japan. $3,031,000: China,
f J.«..6.^0 >: Hawaiian Islands, $10,350,700 Gieat
Britain, «s,] M 1 .few; Central America. »65 ,84
-*. ibi'^«V olaiubiai * 1 238.154; East Indus,
A ;*y. 1 npTanstion.
The arrow files with -.lie wind. The top figure*
a 1a 1 etatlon indicate maximum temperatur<» for the
ays: tho?e : underneath It. if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted line*, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means hUh barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low"
refers. to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by elondy weather and rain*.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast.. When the pressure is high in th« Interior
•nd low alone: the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, ruin south of urejron is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may lie expected in Bummer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
trill produce an opposite result. ■ - •
TTEATJfEJK 151 K>;.lt EEPORT.
. t" nited States Department of AGBicni--
TTRE. Weather Bureau, SAS FRANCISCO, s^eot.
19, 1896. 5 p. M — W earner conditions and general
forecast : .
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day.
Kurtka 64, Red Bluff s*l, fan Francisco 48,
Fresno 74, .San Luis Oblspo 70, Los Angeles 72.
San Diego 70, Tnma 00.
Ban Francl«co data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 53, mean 58. Balnfall for past 24 hours,
.OH Inches. . : . , ■
Rainfalls In California during the past' 34 hours
are bs follows: Red Bluff .46, Fresno .08.
The storm which was central Saturday morning
over the central coast of California and the .Sacra
mento Valley has moved northward rapidly. And
is to- • i-ht over Oregon and Southern Washing
ton. Tlse low will probably n.ova east warJ,cr< ss-
Ing the mountains. Ihe pressure is low ov-r the
enure northern half of the Pacific Slope and
Rocky Mountain ret;. oll. The pressure is rising
rapidly over Calif 'I
:be temperature Las fallen over the northern
por.iou of the s;ate and is beKlnningto rise over
the central and southern portions- The rain area
extends from .-^an Francisco to Kureka, ■
Forecast made at -->ari Francisco for thirty hours
eliding midnight, fceptember 20, 180ti:
■ Northern California— fcnowera early Sunday
morning in the northern portion: probably fair
Sunday: warmer; fresh sou th west ejly winds.
Southern Cali orniu— Fair Sunday ; fr^sh west.
erly winds.
Nevada— Showers early i-ucdav morning in the
northern portion: fair -unday; warmer.
Utah— Fair i-uuday: warmer, .-^--v';-
Arizona— Fair teuuday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Sunday
forenoon; fair the rest 01 the i:ay; fresh westerly
winds. A. U. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
NJE W \OKK'.MAiSI£J3 r A.
I illHIIci:*!.
jtfw YOBK.. *• V., Sept 19— tocKs were
extremely dull to-day, total sales aggregating only
48,260 shares- The undertone, however, was firm
throughout, and the roem operators, as a rule,
were arrayed on the bull si<2e of the account. '1 be
heavy importations of gold, It was argued, will un
doubtedly have a good effect on .' the ; local money
marKet shortly, and on this theory local traders
were adding tv their holdings. The amount of
gold ordered, now on the way and delivered,
amounts to over $!*6.00j,00u, and according 10
good authorities this will be material. y increased
shortly by shipments from France. Tli • weekly
bank staiemen; was more favorable than *efeer
ally expec ed, and shows an Increase in cash and
in *uri)iu« reserve.. ■ ■ -
Other fea.ures of the exhibit were an expansion
In loans and an increase in deposits. Opinion is
that the btateiuents in the near future will con
tinue to record improvement in the financial situ
a lon, The local iu<ir»i-t i-ad no support from
london; in fact, Americans were slightly lower
there. This <liv no. deter bom« operators. how
ever, and the latter were moierate buyers through
out, buntr, ioi.at-ci^, Chicago Ufes, Alanhaiian
and the UranK»rs were -poiat/ly firm and row: 14©
IX4 percent, >-ue»r sold uu to 113%. Tobacco 10
03, Wiicago as to GO bid Ji»!iii..i an to 8»%.
Kugar was i.ifli.eiiceil by b'tt^r trades reports and
leather preferred was slightly higher tor tue same
reason. . . - -; . • - ' - ' •• . ■ ■
The strength in Westers Union and Manhattan
was attributed to covering of short contracts.
The last named weakened near the close, selling
down 10 8514 on the fal ing off of the demand
from the abort* *Hd relalzailons.
bpticuiaiioii left off steady in tune Net changes
show gains t,f 1,4 to IV* per cent on the day. .
'1 he bond mar *et wan very null but firm. "The
sales footed up $;:9tj,000. Brooklyn Wharf and
Warehouse fives rose 3to 97; Michigan Central
consolidated sevens, '£ to 116: Kansas and 1 ast
ern fives, iV4 to 89, and Luettde lias fives, % to
90. ■ •••-.--' ■ • ■ ■ " ' ' ' ■ ■■■
In Government bo.ids $10,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%. .
*,rn«n.
.- rj^OCH^Vinn, active. Winter wheat. low
$1 70@2 60: do. fair to fancy, 92 40&3 40; do,
patents, $3 45@3 75: Minnesota clear, $3 i>ofts
8 70; do, straits, #* BS©3 .0: do. patents, *3 1.-<a
4 05: low extras. »1 7t>@'2 50: city mills, $3 90;
do, patents, $4i®4 25. Uye Hour quiet, steady,
%'i J25&2 76. -
T CuIt .VMKA L^-Steady ; unchanged. Yellow West
ern. »1 90®2.
BY X— Quiet, Western, 89c.
BARLKY— Quleu New feeding. 3'!i4@SoSAc.
WU«AT"I>uII and firm at *4©%c advance. So.
8 red, f. 0- b 70% c: \o. » red, uuiumiwl, t9(»7lc;
No. 1 northern. 68S4C.
Options advanced %@%c on firmer cables, large
weekly clearance, tor*-uii bti ing and better West;
fell V*® /» c on real|*in*; rallied with th« .West
and closea steady .at &»c ovor yestedHy wit:, a
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, : PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WdteLOCK & co.,
4 Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main . 1954.
. - . Bit AST CH OFFICE •
628 Market RU, Palace Hotel. Tel, Main 5828.
FURDr & ATKINSON Managers. )
Orders instantly executed on latest market, quo-
■ tations. Reference Ist National Bank, a. F. • ■
CHiCAOO. v VULVA I a Wiiiii. tin W \OttiL
light trade; .December most active. May closed
' ls /fej-: September. flbJ£c;Ocigber, 66« Ac; Noveni
b^-;, ts ic: Member. t>B@6By a c.
C .? E *\~° Uil: flrm<)r - ** a »., 2654 c elevator;
28*4r afloat. - . '* -vjl-;
' Options nere dull and firmer at unchanged
prices 10 v*« advance without features. Decem
ber »ud May only traHed Id. September closea at
£6i4c; October, v ut>s,4c: Uecemoer, lißVsc; May.-
SOVIC - ;• •■-.. 
OaTS- Firm. ,' - > - • <■
Options dull; nominal. September, 2OV2C; Octo
ber. 'JO6/,o; D»cembur. 3iy«c; May. 23% c
► pot prices: .No. :v-'0i&:: No.".* white, -4Vfec: So.
2 Chicago. v iy 2 c: r*o. 3, i:9c; No. 3 white,
21i£e: mixed Western, 20©22 c; white do,
•20(5i29%c
3rovj»lnn«.
I A HP- Quiet, firmer: Western steam closed at
53 85: city, $ 3 60s Option sales, none; September
closed nt &3 80, nominal; refined quiet: continent,
54 16: Mium American, $4 55: «-oiu|>ounti, ;-%@4c.
PORK-Firmer; nt-w mess, $7 75@8 50.
BUTTER— Quiet, weaker: Western dairy. *<§>
I\V»c; do creamery. ll©15c: do factory, 7@loVjc:
Kleins. 15; imitation creamery, 9@l2c. - . .
CHKESE— Quiet, unchanged; part skims,' l @(Je.
£uu>i— Choice, arm; Western :rtKn. 14@16c;
do * cage. $>V! l(i@a 60. • .
TALLOW — Quiet, firm, 814 c: country, 38/»@
.COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, steady; crude, 21cj
yellow, 24c asked.
. PKTKOLEI'U— Quiet, unchanged.
RlCE— Firm: BJ^i§n:<4c
MOLASSES— Firm, unchanged. -•..'•>
FLAX SEKD— T2\' 2 r. -- '
COFFKK— Quiet. t>@l- points up; September,
$9 60@9 «0: Nov«njoer. *8 85: December and
May. $8 55: August, $8 80&8 85; Spot Bio, dull,
steady; .No. 7, IOV4C .
SUGAR— steady, unchanged. ■
Jriiit and Produce.
RAISINS— London layers, $I@l 15; clusters,
*1 'ioi&i 40: two-crown, 4V»c: three-crown. 6y a c;
lonr-crown, sV^<~. * 1
ALMONDS-Paper-shell, U'Vic; softshell, 9y 3 c
: I'KACHb.S- iwied. UM»l4ei (10 unt-rp «-J. 6'&»c.
FRUN ES_ Boxes, 6VfeC<i6%c; bugs. f@6V4C.
Hup*.— Steady. ; Pat, tie > 1,0*:. Sattiyjv. .
WOOL-Steady. moderate demand. Domestic
Heacß, 10@,--'ik:: pulled, IBia,3li:; 'lexas, 7(a,12i
Mf-rchantli^n.
•no if Qolet. : AmerWn. «1O 25012 50.
FEP-Dull. Lake. »10 75<ail.
1 KAij— Easy. Domestic. i'JL 70@2 80.
UN-Steady. Straits. *13@13 10: mates quiet.
kl-KJLTkJi-DulL Domestic. *3 So@3 60-
CHICAGO 31 AKKETS.
cnJCAGO.'ILi.'. Bept. 79.— There was a good
demand for wheat this morning, a well defined
1 conviction that this was to be another bull day
making its appearance before the market opened,
and continuing to possess the minds of traders for
some time after trading began. But the strong
tone gradually changed into one in which less con
fidence was displayed, and prices receded moder
ately, ad advance of %(£%d at Liverpool and
liberal export clearances from both coasts for the
wee*, 3,566,000 bushels, were the primary motives
for firmness. Receipts were free, 234' cars arriv
ine at Chicago. The Northwest bad 1135 cars
•gainst i is& last Saturday ana 1178 year ago.
Local Inspect from store amounted to 1112,479
bushel*. Argentine shipped 88 000 bushels for
the week. Closing Continental advices all quo. el
advances. . Export clearances were liberal at
584.747 bushels. December .wheat opened from
t)l"4,igb!s 4 r, sold between 61 Vi@fl 3 /8 C and 62c,
closing at 61 B e, a shade under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for Monday 200 cars. . ....
C UN — Pr.ces profited to a moderate extent by
the opening advance in wheat, out there was lack
ing an Independent splri . receipts, 520 can.
were 40 less tban estimated, and 177.747 bushels
were withdrawn trom store. Liverpool quoted J/4
@Vad advance. Export clearances amounted to
bt». i'sf» bushels. May corn opened at 25c. sold
between 25ygc and 24%@24%c, (losing at Vi4%c,
un hanged lrom yesteruuy. Estimated receipts
for .Monday ohO cars.
OATH— ucu trading as there was bore marks of
Improvement. Receipts were 307 cars, and 36U0
busliels were taken from store. May oats closed a
shade lower. Estimated receipts for Monday 290
cars.
FLAX— Firm. Cash. 67^@68c; September,
67W:: December, 69*4 c: May, 75y 3 c. iieceipts
45 cars.
PROVlSlONS— Operations were not of a charac
ter 10 arouse Interest. The tone of prices was ap
parent without regard to the feeling In wheaL
and was consequently firm. January pork closed
&c higher, January lar ! 5(c,7VjC higher, and Janu
ary ribs a shade higher.
I BUTTER— The butter market was quiet and
I easy :o-aay. ■
Creameries— Extras, 15c <P S>: firsts, I&SI4C-,
seconds. lO(sl-c; imitations, fancy, iv<siivic.
Lair;e»— Extras, 13c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds. 10c.
Ladles— Extras, B^^loc: firsts, B!SBVic; tucking
btoii:. ti&Tc: grease. 4 (6,5c.
fii.s- Were in good demand and firm. ' Freeh
stock 13i/4.@14i.<.c %* doz. '
AlOAfc —vs ai i>a.~x on call and 7% on time
loans. Am \vr*. CXclmugu void at *1 10 dis
count. -
I !n»i:i; rrlof>».
n-jIFAT- Beot«m«ier. eOV 3 c : December, 61% c;
May, bs l/4&6 JS/»c.
roj;> — et-ptember. 21»/«c; December, 22c; May,
24% C . . •-■ -- .-
O/ils- September, 16c; December, 16% c;
May. 1914 c .
lOßK— September. S5 82y 3 : October, $5 87%;
January. «6 97%. ,
i.Aiti— >epti-iuder. «3 47%; October, $3 47%:
January, »3 87 »/•!• •• '"" -
, 4-ii..>--bti.iru i oer, - *8 10;. October, $3 13%:
January. #A 45.
LJve«toelt.
UXION PTOCKYARDK li.v. Pent. 19— The
cattle market was quiet and easy to-day. Offerings
were small and Hie demand glow. Jhe demand
for hogs was good. The feeling was firm and
prices strong to 5c higher, . Sheep were quiet and
steaa v.
CATTLK - KecelDt*. 300. Fancy beeves.
94 ((g,! I 0: choice to crime. 1300 to 1700 Ib steers.
S4 Hl>(<64 76 ; good to choice steers. 1300 to 1600 to,
(4 ol>®4 30; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 Ib. $380
(g.A 95: fair beef steers. 950 to 180U lbs,
43 60 & 3 75; butcher steers. *3 00 ® » 60;
choice stocker.H and feeders. 900 to 125(1 tb. S3 20
@3 75: fair do. 500 to 876 &>. 92 -'5(q,3 Ib; bulls,
choice to extra, $4 80(33 25; bulls, poor to cboige,
61 .'1(1(5.- 75: cows ana n-lfer«. clioire toextra. S3 50
($$ 7..; co\s. lair to choice, $2 '-'s©a 40: cows,
common to fair canners. $1 25@2 10: calves, good
to thoxe. S5 60&6 00: calves, common to good,
(2 76©.5 50: Texas grass steers, *i 36(02 90;
Texas cows and bulls. 91 75@2 50; Western car
mine steers, $2 65(d-i; Western range cows ana heif
era. *"J 00Cg.3 15 milkers anil springers. %♦ head,
k^lSt'il . Western range steers. *2 Uos»3 60.
iiUU« — Receipts. 15.000. ileavy pacictnc ana
chippiux lots. S2 76in3 '£0: common to choice
mixed, $2HOC<£3 25: choice assorted. $0 200
3 30: lie!::. «2bO(s3 80: piss. *1 60»» 25.
til ti-.i-- itecm.iM. 25UU. luienjc to choice,
*1 50&3; iambs, *3a«
MiW Vv/iiJi. ol'OOlt^.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Sharp*.
Money on call 4©6% Prime mercantile paper,
B@lo%. tar silver, 86% c Mexican dollars. (0%
(^Di^iC Sterling Kxchari^a Is steady, with actual
business in bankers' bil i* at $4 a @4 82
tor « *ty oays, and $4 83%@)4 84 for demand.
I"os:»d ratts, $4 82fe* 84%. Commercial bills.
$4 hO%@4 8114. Government bonds higher. Slate
ooudbdiill. Railroad bonds strong. Buyer at, tue
board wait neglected. ;' ; — ; ":
• cro*irsro rrncn.
Am Tel * C»W».... 87 ■ Norfolk 4 W«s«tr!». «*/•
Atcblson , 11% Preferred......... J2V*
Preferred '1 7 V4l .Northern Paclfla.. 116/s
/.dams Express.. - 1 * a . I Preferred....,,,.. H»
Alton. Terre Haute 65 western 95%
American Expression I Preferred......... 140
AmerlcanTonacco. 62 ,N. Y. Central 92
ITef erred......:.. 96 N.Y.,ChlcaitoAd,U 98,4
JEayEtateOas;..... 17 I Ist preferred..... 65
1 6ltlmore<fcOblo.. 13% Yd preferred ..,,.. aB»4
Brunswick Lands.. fys S. V.4 N. H.......18*
huffalo. Roob. &f. 17 X. Y. & New Kng. ISO
Canada Pacific 67% N. V., busq & W... 7%
Canada Southern.. 44 Preferred. 21*4
Canton Land....;.. 60% 0ntari0.. ;..... 10
Central Pacific 13*4 Ontario & Western 1-'%
1 his. A 0hi0....... iß»a Oregon iroproTmul %
Chicago Alton. 152 -Preferred.........*— •
Preferred.... .....Jt>6 Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago, li. & a... 67J14 Oregon Short Lias. 10
Chlcat-o* E. 111... ' 38% Pacific Mai1....;.., 18
Preferred W» I'eoria, D.4 Evans 1%
ChicaKOUaa.. 5J% PUtsburg* W. pfd 15
C!eve& l'iitsbiir?..lsO Pullman Palace...
consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver.. , 1%
Consoliaat»d Ma 5..144. .144 ' Preferred. ........ 15
L. C. C. i au Louis 24% Heading 15%
Preferred..'. 7.') ißioGrande&Westa 16
Colo. Fuel & Xros,. Ib^i Preferred , 40
Preferred,,....... 90 Iroclc 151 and........ »J»V*
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12% Home Wat&O«len. 108
Commercial Cable. 125 bt. L. AS. W .... .. 3"/ s
. Dei. Hudson 120 Preferred....,,..." 8 1 /*
D«-l.LHCk<&\Vosirn. 153 6t. Paul 70%
Denver <S B. 0 10% Preferred... 127
Preferred.... 41% tt. Paul * Duluth. 16 .
W5U11er5... ... ....,, Prelerred 7«
General Eiectno... 27% St. Paul <t Omaha. 86%
trie 12% Preferred ....... 115
Preferred......... 80 P. M. * M...... 108
fort Wayne........ 145 it-Uver Certificates. 65%
i rent Northern p(dll2 Southern Pacltlo... 16%
Urtenßay, Va Southern R. X.,.,, 7V4
Harlem. ...........800 j Preferred., ....... 21
Hocking Coat.. ....—— ,»?n gar Refinery ....ÜB%
Hocking Valley. ... 18% Preferred,..:...., 99% |
Homeatake. ....... 34 Term. Coal «fe iron. »OVi
K. &■ Tf xm Cenu.. Preferred. 90
Illinois Central. »"*Va Texas Pac1f10...... «\4
lowa Central....... « s A!ToI.A.A.4N.Miea.— —
■ Prtiferrea.; :.B5; , Tol, 4 Ohio Cent... •20
Kansas A Texas... ' 10 Preferred. . . 60
Preferred ;.,...- 2v;»/ Tol.l>.uLonis<Jk JCC. ■ t> : '
KincstonA Pern... ■■■ 3 - •preferred.;-...... -• IS
I.* Krle a Westa 141/2 Colon Pacloc!". . b^k
Preferred 63 . 17." P. Den A Ouif . 1%
Lake 5h0re ......... 143 U. a Cora ace B<Vji
National Lead 21 preferred. ... 714
Preferred...;...;. 82Vi Guaranteed...... 14%
Lone 151 and......;. 68 If. U. Express . 35
Louisville A Nash. 40% \). h. Leather, 7%
LonlbvlUc- KaAC'4 2 ! Preferred.. ....:.' fill*
Preferred......... 6 U. a Rubber 17%,
Manhattan Consol.. 81 v,i 1 Preferred. .. 71 — ■
Memphis A Charts. 16 ,rtica<tß. River.. 150
Mexican Central... X ■ Wab. s. L.A Pao.. 6A6 A
ilichlga ■ Ctmtral.. S7 Preferred : IS 1/*1 /*
Minn A a L... ;;.„.—•■ Wells-Fareo. ." 60
' Preferred — Western Union. . SI 1 *
Minn & si. L com. 14 Wisconsin Centra;. 1»A
Ist preferred-:... 66 Wheeling AL. a.. 6 3
2d preferred...... 36 Preferred...,., .28%
Missouri i'acStlc.. 17% Am Cotton Oil pM. 45
Mobile Ohio.. 16 W. U. Beef... . M%
Nashville A Chatt. «7% Ann Arb0r......... «%
National Unseed.. 14 Preferred.... 18\C
N. J. Central....... 100% Brooklyn Traouoa. Vo\4
! Not til AUitiriOtUi,.. / i,. l --ne 2d pi 11. ,.,,,,,, 175^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
fKWIMS BOXnn.
Ala Class Ais 101 Northern l«ts. 114
Do Class 84, 65.. 101 I)o2ds .......... 112%
Alabama, class C 95 Do ads. 66
Alctmon«s ....... 75V* Do consol 'Bs'. '.".".'. 44%
Do2ds A......... 83V4 jOlnjprov«ment Ist 73
tanadaSouth2ds..lol D 065... ..-.10
Ceu Pac Istsof '95. 98 0B«fc N 15ta.....^108%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 - Ih> w>n<*ol 65...... 83
Do 18»7 ...10J Or Short Line 65.,,104yg
Do 1898.. ;..ioa D0e0n555...;....'00
Do 1899. ,;„..... 104 : racinctfsof ■97....—
dies a Ohio D5....1U4- Phtla(tt.eadlng4B< 74
ChAN P Tr Rcis6s MS Do Ist pfd Incam. 32*4
I)C3-655.........,.109Vk R Grande West 68%
Den &KG Ist 110 btL&lronMtQen 5s 70
Dots.... .:,..... 87 isiLABF Gen 102
Kri««d» ; 67% St Paul Consols..
ttW&DenCltylsts 48 bt PC<t Pa lsts...Hß
GHABABS 101 So Carolina 4%5... 96
Do2d7s ........ 100 Southern RR 65... BJ»%
Gen Elec Deb bs... 85% Do Pac Cal lsls.llo
HA Tex Cent 6*.. 107 Term Dew Ss.. 70 •
D0c0ni55.. ....... 92 Texas PaclHc lsts. 78%
lowa Centralists.. 91% Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16%
Kansas Pa consols «0 Union Pac lsts 96. 100"
k» ttx. li,u D«u ul?!08 L K4s reg of ia25.116%
LaConsol 4a.. 90 ■Do 4s, coupon... . 116%
Missouri funding... If F4n.rer of 1907.106
MKT2ds . 64% DO 4s. coupon.... 107%
Do 48..4 8 .. 79% loss 92
Mobile <& Ohio 45.. 61% Do6s ....llOV^
Mutual Union 68...10614 1.0 kg. c0up0n.. .. 110*4
>' J Cent O«n 65...1ia X* funding debt... 66%
« V c<fc-t Louts 4s 101 Do registered.....—
Nor* West (ien 68.116 to deferred 65. .. 6
« Carolina con 45.. 95 Do trust rcpu st. 4
; D 065.,. .......... 110 Wabasn Ist 6s 103%
Northwest Consols.l West Shore 4« 103
Do deb 65... 104 1
FOREIGN MAKKETS.
•WHIEAT ll* LIVKKPOOI
LIVERPOOL, Exb.. Sept. 19.— spot market
is higher at 6s 8y 2 d@ss lOd. Cargoes firmer at
2tis 6d, sellers, prompt shipment.
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter; Sep
tember, 6s 6d; October, 5s sd: November, 6s
6Vi'i; December, 655% d; January, 6s 6i
BKCURJTIKS.
LONDON. EKa, S«pt. 19.— Consols,. 110 1-16;
silver, 30% d; French Rentes, loaf 75&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
etojifng Exchange, 60 day 5....... — $4 83
Ft«rllng Exchange, eight — 4 86
Sterling Cables.... — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — 10
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, V ounce — 85%
Mexican Dollars , 61 61%
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AM) OTjUEB GRAINS.
WHEAT— Closod the week very firm, with a
further advance in futures.
The Longships takes for St. Vincent 12,622 ctls,
valued at $1'i,600. . i •■ r
No. l,$l(£l OVA *ctl: choice, $1 02%; lower
s-rades, 90@97%c 9 ml; extra choice for milling,
$1 03% is* 00. . »
CALL BOABD BAUBfc'r.v'J^ii
IxrOBMAi. 6£msiov— 9 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $1 06; 2000, $1 06Vi- May — 4000,
$1 09- « JJUffrffflfoi w<6<T*3ftßi>
f-KcoND HMisioJT— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 05:
2000, $1 04&4; bOOO, $1 04%.
Regular Mobnino session — December— 4000
Ctls, $1 04&4; 4000, $1 04%; 12,000, $1 04%.
May-^OOO, «l OSV4.
BARLEY— Shipment of 118,481 ctls Brewing
and Chevalier, valued at $104,300, to st. Vincent.
Previous prices rule. We quote Feed, 67 %@
61V*e ctl: Choice bright. 62%@65c; Brewtbg.
72Vs@77V»c %» ctt; Chevalier, bOc^sl tor No. 1.
CALL BOABD BALES
Jnfo-rval Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Bkcond SEBsios— No Bales.
Besdus Mornino session— December— 2ooo
ctls, 6»%c; 20UO. 6b<^c; 'JOOO, 6184 c; 4000, t;9c.
I LOATH— Not much business Black, for feed,
are quotable at 70@80c » ctl: .Milling, 87Vs<0>
62% c%< ctl: fancy feed. 92%@95c Vi ctl: Rood
to choice. 85@92%c: common 10 fair, 75&80 C;
Gray, 85@87%c; Surprise. 95c®$l 02%.
CORN— Dealers quote White firmer and Yellow
dull and nominaL Targe Yellow, hU@h2V»c; Small
Round do. 850* ctl: Unite, 75a8i>c.
RVK— Dull at 62%@u7%0 ft en. There Is no
longer any distinction between old and new.
UK M HEAT— Nominal at 86@950 %i CIL
FLOUK AND MILXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are as follows: Family
extras, $3 60(ia}3 70 bbl ; Bakers' extras, $3 40@
3 60; superfine $2 75@3.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn. $19@19 60;
Cracked Corn. $19 50@20 %i ton. S
' atILLSTUFF — Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trad*; Graham Flour, *2 10;
Rjrt Flour, *2 50; Rice Mour, $5 75; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: 1 atmeal, $2 90; Oat
throats, $3 60: Hominy, $3 10®3 SO; Buckwheat
Flour. $3 10©3 30: Cracked Wheat, 75: Fa.
Rica, *3 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30; Rolled
Dais. $3 60; Pearl parley, US 60; bpUt 1-eua, $3 2o:
Green do, $4 10 '•> 100 lbs. - • ■ "
HAY ANI» FJSKD9TUFFS.
BRAN-*12@12 30 for the best and $11@11 60
V ton for outside brands.
AIIDDLINGS-sls m ton for lower grades, and
$16@18 V ton for the best.
FKELSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 "$ ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97%c@$l 05 * ctl.
HAY— Wheat, $7@9: Wheat and Oat, $608 50:
Oat. «5(g»7: Barley. »ti@7; liver Barley, $4 60©5;
Alfalfa, #5 60(gt> 50 lor second ant? $4 60@5 tor
first, cuttine: compressed *t><jj9; stock, tt4fis;
Ciover, tmgfi 50 H ton. '
bTKAVv— bO(&3sc •$ bale, -
BEANS AND SKIiI)(.
BEANS— Beyond the export movement In large
Whites, there Is nothing new. Bay os quotable at
95c&$l 15; Small Whites, 86c$t$l 10; Pea. H 6c
6isl 16 * ctl; Large Whites, BU@9oc V ctl: Pink,
75@t5c V ctl: Reds, Cl@l 10 %i ctl: Black
$1 25: Red Kianey, $li«l 10: Lima*, $1 60«
1 77%: Butters, $1 2f@l 40.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 55©2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $1 25(g,l 60: Flax. $1 26; Canary. 2%
©23/4 C 9 tb; Alialfa; nominal; Rape, 2%ci Hemp,
3 i/ 2 c Tb. PEAS— SI 10@l 40 $ ctl for Niles and
DKIKD PEAK— SI 10<&l 40 > ctl {or NUes and
$1 25(j$l 60 lor Green.
I'OTATOEg, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes are quotable at 75c
@$1 25 9 ctl; Garnet Chiles, 40&50 c % ell: J-.any
Rose, 25@35 9 sack; Burbank Seedlings, '_'5@35c
ft sack for Rivers and 50@86c f. c 1 for Salinas.-
ONIONB— 2S®3Oc %4 si^k; Pickles, 50c 9 sack.
VEGETABLES— Green Corn is doin* a trifle
better. Marrowfat Squash quotable at $s@B V ton;
Green Corn, 40®75c^ sack: Alameda Corn. 7,>c@»
©1 25 V crate; Berkeley Corn, 40@600 %l bx; Sum
mer Squash, 16@260 %» box for Bay; Egg Plant,
25@40c: Tomatoes. 20025 c; Aiameda Cucumbers,
2Otis36c; Pickles, s(J®6sc 9 box for No 1 and it>(&
60c i* ctl fur No. i; Green Peppers, (26@3jc '««
large box lor Chile and 25(530c for hell: Greon
Peas. 75c@$l 9 sic for common and 2@2%0 %) tb
for Garden; string Beans, 60c«t$; "0 sack tor com
mon and !g2y»c "p for garden; Llmas, 60@76c
%* sack; Green Okra, 40@50e %i box; Dried Ok ra,
12%c^&>; Cabbage, 400 %i cli; Carrots, 25@30c
V- sack; Uarllc, I&IS40 * tb.
BUTIKK, CHEIS^E AND EGGS.
BUTTER— VaIues Still decline. The market Is
demoralised and trade is very d..11, as buyers axe
holding off.
Cbkamkbt— Fancy, 23x^@280 fl Ib; seconds, 20
@22c tb.
Daibt— Fancy, 20@21c; good to choice, ls@
19c; lower grad. s, 12%©17 I *o * B>.
Pickled— ia®i 7c Id. '
, KlKKlN— lJ&ltScl* !b.
' I'HKh."K. fiiffkdy and unchanged. Choice mild
new. B%@9c; common to good old, 6@Bc V tb:
Cream Cneddar. 10®llc; Young America, 8®l0o;
Western, 10®llc: pastern, ll©l3c'^ !b.
EGG: — are very firm and stocks are get
ting lighter. Oregon, 10.'»13c «l dor,; Eastern, 15(^
18c for fair to choice and i i)@2oc for fancy : store
.Eggs, 12'a.14c for ordinary and 15@17%c for good;
ranch Eggs, Vs@29c; cold storage ranch, 17(g
18c; Duck Eggs, 16@17 •& doz.
POCLTKV ANO GAME.
POULTRY— Qniet and unchanged. .
Live Turkeys are quotable at 13@16c V. Ib for
Gobbler*. 12@14c 9 Ib for Hens: Geese, 9. pair,
$ @1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks. $2 50@3
'T doz for old and $3 50<&4 50 for young; Hens,
: $4<&4 50; Roosters, young, $3 50®4 50 * doz; do,
! old, $4@4 50: Fryers, 32 7 5 (53; llrollera, $-.' 50@
3 for. large and $2@a 60 for small; Pigeons,
$1 76 $ dozen for young and $1 60&1 75 for old.
GAMS— Nominal. ; \ ._ lv ,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
: ORCHARD FRUITS-
Ay kinds are quiet. ; Pa-tlett Pear-t are getting
scarce. Applet are in large supply. Figs are dull.
Quinces, a ■'(3.40(1 it box.
Peaches, 20@40c 'f, box for ordinary andso@ 65c
for Mountain free.
Plums. «6©4oc f» box: Prunes, 85@50& - 
Pomegr/mtttes. 76c %< box. r -
Apples, 65c@$l %4 box for choice and 26a500
for common. - -r- 1 -.-. • . «■ --. ■'.,
Pears, 30@50c « box; Bartletts, 7&c@sl « Urge
box. ■ ■ ■ ,
' Figs, 25<$3&a ft box for white and 25©85 c for
black. 1 ifi|»llntmiyilt'tiMllllMii> 1 -
BERRIES— ■
Strawberries, B»©4 for large berries, •
Raspberries, * B(s4 9 chest.
- Black les, $2@4 f, chest..
Huckleberries, 7<^>c V Ib. .
Cranberries from Wisconsin, $9@9 60; Cape Cod
are quoted at $» L0(g,10 % bbl. *^
GRAPES— TabIe sorts are rather firmer. Seed
less are quotable at 251235 c: Isabellas. 60@65c
oratei Tokay*, 86@50c boat: Black Grapes,
2&«£4oc « box: Muscats, 30@50c: Sweet waters
and Fontainebleaux, 26@35c %i box; Grapes in
crates bring &r<LlOc more than in boxes.
, Zinfandel Wine Grapes, $20@25 \\ ton.
MELONS— Watermelon*, $i!@B %4 100: Canta
loupes, 50®h30 * crates Nutmegs, 26@>40e » box.
CITRIs FRUlT*— Lemons, ?sc®sl 60 i) box
for common and $2 60663 50 for good to choice-
Mexican Limes, $6@5 60 ft box: Calliorma Limes.
-,—, — 1 Bananas, $lft&:i V* bunch 3 Pineapples, %'ifA
3 60* do*. ' ■■ , - ■ - *-•"-»
DRIED fruits; kaisins, nuts, etc.
DRIED FRUIT M— ■
The market shows no change. Ths leading kinds
axe firm. ...
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
lows: -'■-- _\-: ...--• .
Carload Lots— Apricots, 6®Bq ft lb for Royals
and CWIOo ft Ib for choice to fancy Bloorparks:
Prunes. So 9 Ib; Peaches, 3@4xs 9 Ib for prim* to
choice, 6%c for fancy and 9&10 c for peeled in
boxes: Apples, 6c for evaporated and X@2%cfor
sun-dried ; Pears. l%@3e for prim* to choice. 2@30
for quarters and 4(g.6c (or halves; Plums, 4c for pit
ted and l%@2c for unpitted; Nectarines, B@4e
for choice and &o lor fancy; white Figs, He; buck
Figs, 2y*@!i%c.
Jobbing p»icm»— Wew Peaches. 4Vi@s%c V
ft.: fancy, 7c V Ib; new Apricots, 6®Tc f> B>:
fancy. 8c; Moorparks, 10@llc: new evaporated
Apples, tic; suit-dried. 3c; Prunes, 3c for tbe four
sizes: new Figs, black. 2%0 for nnptessed and
3@3% for pressed: white l us, 4c: Plums, 6c for
pitted and 1%0 for unpitted;.new Nectarines. 4
@sc^n> for prime to fancy: Pearß.*2%@3c for
wiiole, 2%(33%c for quarters and 4@sc for halves.
BAISI.NS—
I'ABL"iD Pbio*s» ». <>• b. Fkesmo— Four-crown
loose, 4c; S-crown. 3^4c; 2-crown, 2s/ 4 c: Seedless
Bultanai, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%c; 3-crown
London layers, $1 10: clusters, $185; Dehesa
clusters, $1 76; Imperial dusters, $2 50; dried
Grapes. S^c %^ &>. . •. :
JobbisTb Pkicfs— Four-crown, - loose, 4%c: ."
crown, 3%c %1 Ib: J-crown, 8c f> Ib; seedless sul
tanas, 6c %J Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3 lAc; H-crown
London layers. $1; clusters, $160: Dehesa clus
ter*, $2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 50. ■ ■
NUTS— Quo. ailons are .as follows: < Wai nuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c 9 lb for Langnedoc,
— V lb for hardshell and 9@loc ft ft) for paper
shell, Jobbing; Peanuts. 4@60 f* tbfor Eastern and
4o for California: Hickory Nuts, 6<#tic V Ib;
Pecans, 7%®8«; Filberts, 7%@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7%®Bc V ib; Cocoanuts, *4@5 *$ 100.
HONEY— Comb, 10@12%c tor bright and s®9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, 6@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; Utirii amber. 4@
4V*c; oaric, l.'@3c «* tb.
, £EE4WAX— »S@27c ft tb.
I'l.OVliiloMg.
Dealers report fairly active sales.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6%0 9 ft for heavy,
7%c ft &> for light medium. 9@9%0 f, Ib
for light, IQQllo for extra Hunt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%©13 c:
California Hams, 10@llc 9 Ib; Mess Beef, $7@B:
extra mess do, $8 50@»: family do. $10@ll: extra
prime Pork, $8(38 60; extra dear, $1S V bbl;
mess, $11 60(a.1-' V bol: smoked Beef, 10c * &>.
LARD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 4Vic %i tt>
for compound and 6140 for pure; palls, be B>;
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 6V3C tor
pure; haif-bbls, 5%c; 10- tins, 6Vac; do 5-lb.
6V»c ¥ &>.
COTi'OLENF— 6%@6%o In half-bbls and 68.4®
7y 8 *Ib in 10-Ib tins. - ■
HIUJBS, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES ANT) PKINS— salted steers 6%c;
culls and brands, 5%c: medium, 6%@6c; culls and
brands, 4%C^sc f) Ib: light, 4@4%c; culls and
branas, 3%(54c; Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands,
3%@4%c; salted Kip, 6c: salted Calf, 6@7c fi S>;
salted Veal. s®6c; dry Hides, 9@loc: culls and
branas, 7<97%c; dry Kip and Veal, 8c; culls, 6@
7c 0 Ib; dry Calf, 16c; culls. 10c; Goatskins. 20®
35c each: Kids, 6c: Deerskins, good summer,
20 *a2 Ac V. lb; medium, 15® 0c; winter. 7@9c;
Sheepskins, shearings, 10a;15c each; short wool,
20@85ceach; medium, 4Org,oOc each: long wools,
&0'(360 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
'J ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 2%*a.3ct .no. 2,
2(5,2i/4C; refined, 4«i©sc: Grease, iy a c it tb.
WOOL— New San Joaquln Fall, 2%@4c 9 tb.
We quote Spring clip: Humboldl and Hendoolno,
10@llc: Nevada, 6@B%c: San Joaquin and South
ern Coast, six months. B%@sc; northern free de
fective. 4%@5%c V lt>>
HOPS— Are nominaL .^ "■.-; .;.
U£.\£BAli MEKCHAXDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta rain Bags, spot, $4 12%@4 20:
San Quentiii, $4 20; Wool Bags. S4%@-26%&
COAL-Welllngton, $8» ton: New Wellington,
$8 * ton: South Held Wellington, $7 60 « ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60: wry an , So; coos Kay, $4 60;
Wallsend, $7: scotch, $7 60; Brymbo, $7 60;
Cumoerland, $13 60 '?■ ton In bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Zee, $11 # ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Cannel. $7 60; iock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$1 1@12 in bulk and $13 fi ton in ska.
CAN NED SALMON -The Alaska Packers' As*
cocimlon quotes Red Salmon as follows: In lots of
25,000 cases. 95c ft dozen: 00,000 cases, 92*4° "#
dozen ; 76,000 cases, 900 V dozen, net cash i. p. b.
ex-ship.
SUUAR— The Western Sugar Refining Comnany
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5 i/ 8 c:
Powdered, &s/ a c: Fine Crushed, 5 v' 8 c; Dry Granu
lated, 4*4 c; confectioners' A, 4 3 / ii;: Magnolia A,
4s/«c; KxtraC, GoidenC, 41,8'": half barrels,
yifi mure than barrels, and boxes -Vac more. , 1
SAN FKANCIsCO 31JSAT MAKKKT.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
I'.KKF- First- quality. 4%@sC| second do, 4©
4%c: third do. 3%0 1* B>. ■ •
V E A I — i.arce. 4;£sc; small, 5360 9 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 4Vs®sc; Kwt»S, 4@4y 3 o
9 Ib.
-LAMB— 6©BO 4 tb. • , -■-...- ...
POKK— iioss. 2>^(a2S. 71 Ib for large and
2»i(a-_'7 /^c for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%
@&c i« lh. - .
.. KECKIPXa OF FRODUCK.
FOB 24 HOUU.
Flour, qr sks.... 24.022 Hides, no 663
wheat, 74,69 <\ Pelts, bdls 116
Barley, ct15...... 117,7»0i Win*, gals 16, iOJ
Beans, 5k5...:,,. 2.702: Wool, bis SS4
Oats, etls 1,840 Sugar, bbls 2,678
Potatoes, sks.... 1,646 Lumber. M faeu. SO
Onions, sks 8«0 Leather, r0115. ... 16
Bran, sks 840 Lime, I. bis .' >-l
Middlings, sks... 1,1 40> Hops, bis ! 94
Hay. tons Qulcksilver.flsks 75
Straw, tons 10 Tallow, 20
Butter, ctls 25 Flaxseed. sks.... 224
Cheese, ctls ■' M MustardSeed.sk 94
Eggs, doz 870 1 Chicory, bbls.... ii
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were off again yesterday and
Closed weak.
The Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 25 cents per share on
Monday next.
The Gold Queen Mining Company of I'tah has
levied an assessment of 30 cents per share.
amounting •<i $27,000 on tbe outstanding slock.
A mill is being built for this company.
■ Theweeklv letter from the Ltalj Consolidated
m Dr. received to-d«v, slates that streaks of
qua r tz assay iiik froru 75 cents to $1 26 per ton are
being cut In iba south drift aioug the looiwall In
the wester y surface wordings. Only two miners
are ai worti In the mine.
A telegram from the Con. Cal. <fc Va. yesterday
reported that the output of the mine la-t wee<
amounted tv 168 tons of ore, the average assay
value of which was $41 per ton. Last week tbe
output was 122 ton s of ore, averaging $36 0b per
too.
rollovrlnjArellin Highest Prices Daring
the Pas' Week.
BTOCK.
[M on.
Tubs.
16
Of
80
62
1.00
-02
- 18
4ti!
10
4.i
a. 30
1.8:»
135
29
66
l.bu
'69
18
1.00
13
66
J<B
62
09
76
46
08
82
Wtu.i
Thr§.
17
07
SI
5.
I Vr!.
16
07
SO
63
9H
66
19
40
12
4*2
2.80
I.HO
1.25
60
64
1.50
63
19
96
13
47
95
63
08
74
88
08
31
Alpha
Alia ....
Andes, ......
Belcher
Best A Belcher. .
80die.,..,.. .....
Bullion
8n1wer. .,.. ......
Caledonia 
Challenge, ......
Choliar.....
Con. Cat. A Va..
Confidence. ......
Crown Point,,..
Uould A Curry.
11 ale & Norcrosj
Mexican ...,,. ,,
M0n0........
Opblr..
Overman ,
Occidental.......
1'0t051....
8*Ya«9.;.;.. ....
Beg. Belcher....
Sierra JN'etada..
Union.
Utaa... ;.........
Yeuow Jacket..
15
07
¥.0
64
LOB
tss
19
46
. 11
48
2.-JB
1.85
1.46
30
67
1.66
60
20
1.06
16
66
1.(10
63
10
77
46
08
82
16
07
SI!
b-i
1.00
69
20
4«;
10
44
2.35
J. 85
1.35
SO
sr.
1..-.6
67
1.00
63
19
43
11
44
2.3&
1.80
1.35
M)
66
1.55
:>«
19
99
16
66
98
65
07
76
43
09
n
17
Oh
.XI
fib
1.05
60
20
45
11
45
2.48
1.85
1.J6
63
67
1.55
67
18
1.06
15
61
1.06
67
(if
'• ISO
43
09
34
1.00
14
62
' 99
66
08
7H
48
09
a-4
BOAHI) WALKS.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco
Ptocic Board yesterday:
R«orri.An mohnixo sesstov. cov»rExcrN-f» 9-30.
100 A|ta. ... ..07 500 Ch0ir. ..2.30 200 G <tc f.4
100 8e1cher.. .53660 2.26 .OJ Potosl ""96
800 bodie 65 100 CC4V.. 1.80 100 94
100 66 800 CrwnPt..sl. 100 ii"ii'v"""jH
160 Bnlwer...*u| *
>pliowln» were the tales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
EEntiUß "i»S!ow-10:Sa
200 Alpha.'... 16 100 Conn. 1.37 V»|250 Onhlr . 96
»00 Alt*. 07 100UC 1mp.. 02 300 Overman 14
200 Ande5.....30 3000 OR4OO Potosl «4
200 lilclir. 63 800 ConN Y...03|1600 93
26U i«fc8......97UiJU C *-0int«..29«l .0 have «3
200 Bod te. ...56ilO0Kxchqr....U6 1000 fia^fc
30U tuUloq..,lU »00 MAC. ....5H aOO scbVpion-O?
600 ...,,18 4OJ U««...J.60i0J bBAAI 09
1000 Bulwer.. 4o ,100 ..,.,..L47% 300 tJ Mv '" 72
200Caled 1. 200 Julia 0? JOOO SHill
300 Cball«e.V.4i 500 Justice. ..os 30U Union! " 40
200 v.Loir... 2.30 500 L Wash.. .o3 "00 """ll
400. M a.'V6Suu M ex... -.'.'..54 200 * "*"a9
600 ....:.:r.2.20 100 Mono 18 20J u-!inr.'.V.!oß
400 CCV. 1.77% 600 0ccd.......4840U V Jc*u. 83
700. :1%
IXOSINa QTOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Sept. 19-13 m.
£1^i jt " A . _' J3td.Atked.
Alpha Con. ... '16 16 Jackson 26 40
Ana. 07 OtSJolla.. " ' _ = 08
Andes. 29 30 Justice.;;.'.'.^. 04 08
Belcher t>i 63 Kejuoek,... . 07 ' ' lib
Best & Belcher 98 96 Lady Wash.. 02 114
BentonCon... — 1. Mexican.. .. 63 64
80die..... 66 69 Mono . "" 16 _
8u11i0n........ 18 IB Nevada Queea — 04
8u1wer.".. .;...; ". 40 —Occidental.. 46 48
Caledonia. 13 ISOphlr.. '" 86 98
Chollar... 2.30 2.26 Overman-. Is 10
i:0n.(.:a1&Va...1.75 LSUPotosl . 93 04
Cballenee Coo- ,43 „ ,48 bavage... .. ' '83 04
Con. Imperial. u*j ■03 Scorpio 1 _ (8
ton ride 1.9S 1.30 beg. Belcher 08 ■ OU
Con New York. . — 06 Syndicate ..... 03 " —
Crown Point... 48 49 silver Hi 11.;.. ■' on '■ 03
KastSlerraNar z — t* sierra NevadA..i7l -•v,7j|
Eureka Con ... 25 — Unloucon..... 37 39
Kxcheauer.... 04 05 Utah ..; us' ;t9
Goula blurry. t62 • -63 Yellow Jaulcei. ai -32
«Ji.>o»cra,l.4a 1.60 " . •
STOPS 4-Nl> BONO EXCHANGE.
1} - SATURDAY. Sept. 19-10:30 a. v.
' united BTAXKa MOKSS. - .;.'-;
.1 .' i Hid. J.tked.\ '■ , . Sid. AtkeA.
t7 8 4Bcoup..iosyj — ÜB*sres.M — io;%i
X)o new issuellS —• I ' , -'•.
MiseEi;ukNKouV.rt.e%i : '".
Cal-sttCbles^; 108% — -■ racßoU U^l^^i
Cal KlecLß»llU • — 11)02d1565... — —
CntraCW6i — 94 !l'*Oßy«». — 115 .
I>pnt-st ex-co — P*Ch By 61. — ,107%
EdsnLikPS«ll9 - Pwl-st RRB% — 112^
> 4CHKHBS. : - 106% Keno, WIAI. — 105
Geary-51853. J — 107% Sacto PAL. — 102%
LosAn«Lfe. — 100 1?F&N PR ss. 98 '99
PoGnteedSj 95 100 SPRRArIstiJ — • 96%
Mkt-stCbleasllß?4 —•, hPRUCaItJi. — , .110%
PollyConSs.. 102 102% BPRRCaI6». —:\ ' — ■>---
NatVlnßslst 96 — 6PBrRCal6i —:'■ 99
NevCN ? R7i 94 - PVWster6s..ll6sAll7%
NFCRR6*. . - 106 : BVWater4s.. 97% —
By Cal B*. »9% - StktnGJtEa3 — 100
N£yCal6s. — 100 BunstT&TOi. — —
Oak Gas 55.. 100 — !-uuer-siKss. —
Load v 65.. 100% — Via»u»Wc64 — -"
OotlilblM no. lib 118%) .
Contra Costa S2U, 40 ISanJose... — —
iMIuCo,,.. DO 63 .|BprngVaU»7 J>6^* 97JJ4
#/P STOCKS..
Capital '..17% 30 i Pad lie Lleht 48 —
Central™ 91 • — San Fraaosco 92% 8284
OiiiiULifct 51% 62%'5t0cKt0u..... — 10™
fiwUaaiwp. 83. 85 f;
JNSUKANCR STOCKS
Fireman's Fd 157% - |3un 25 • 50
- COMKh.itl.-lAL BANK 11WKI . -
AnserßATC — — LondonP<tA.l24Vk . —
Ancio-Ca1..,. - 58 London^?.'— 27%
Bank of Cat.. 225 235 Merch Ex... 12 —
fal P<&TColo7%lio .Nevada...... — —
lrirathauoiu. ; — ibO Sather Co. — —
fAVIMOT BANK STOCKS. ■ - '
ncr B*r>To. 1200 12B0'V sav<tLoan.. — 103
Humnb*L.lloU 1450 • Security 200 375
Mutual. — 4U LuiuuXrual. —
b Union — 48U
BTBKTT RAlLßfun !Ti-rv
California.. .106 108 |Oak SL&Har — 100
tieary-su — 80 Presidio . -0. —
HarKei-ai.... *2i4 42%|Sutter-5t..... — —
lOWlili* STOCKS. -V.
Atlantic TV.. 15 - |GlantCon.... 18%17
Eastern D... 70 — iJudson D.... — —
CaUiorma,... 70 — IViitorU.. — ; 90c ;
...... .. MISCKLLANKOI7S PTOCKi
AIMk»P>CM. 06%"— NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 20 .
Cot Mill* — ■— " PacAuxPA I —
Edison Light 118 119 PacßoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. — - • Pac Roll Mill — ■ —
Ger Lead Co. SO 100 Part PalntCo 6% 7%
HawC&SCa. 13% ls&fe PaoTrnnsCo. — 24 .
wntchSPOa 19*/S Pac T<tT CO. 70 —
MerKxAssn.lOO 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -«
MKleCUght — ' 4% Ucit*d « CO, — 25
ULUI-K()»->..1< MMUi
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 97 00
6 HF Gaslight 92 50
20 SV Water.... l>7 00
$2000 V Bonds 87 60
street— . . . ;
60 Hutchison 8 Co ~ 19 63%
$5000 Po»el!-st H R Bond-! , 11l 00
10 V Gaslient , , 82 25
$20,000 V*% Bonds 97 60
ry,-:r y,- : . .-;■-'; -■'"'• ' . ■■ •'•■. ,-'-"■■
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTEHN HOTEIj.
E B Mabon, Boston V M Lowe <t w. Band on
J I Reynolds, Oidos J Bowles. Foisom
W R Harris & f, Fresno Mrs H Porter. Lathrop
F Jasper, Fresno H X Watham, Xt Paul
J F Mtimforci, 8t Pan! 0 E Mayani, Bacto
E M Simpson, San Jose J Kelley. Martinez
H G Aneell <fe w, N V J E Downey A w. N V
J F iionovarv, Boston \\' M Bowen, Stonlngton
E Seheller. Marvsvilie J I) Kitchee, Marysville
H H White. London J Harris, New Bedford
C 'Thornton, Mass J X Pain & w, Boston
11 Arnold. Maine H Stanford. Maine
is J Voun«, Seattle H Huff & f , Seattle
J H WI Hams. Aria E W cunady, Oridiey
B Fpchyen, Rodeo J I,awler, Foisom
F Martin <fe w, Antloch T J Manning, US N
Mrs Miller <&J2 c.Vernon C l>atham, Sacramento
F Fisher, U 8 N
GRAND HOTEL.
B W Barber, Los Ang C M Harsley, VacavllU
F H Bell, Auburn H P Black, Fresno
Jli Phelos ift s, Stocktn i F > ouiwn, Colusa
J i homasln, st Helena W A Bender, Cat
C B Thiirer, Fresno A Wlison & w, Fresno
G M Boies Aw, Fresno Miss L C Bennett, Lai
L, Dntsche, Goieoiida C H Dodd. Kansas citj
il Pickett, Uuaymas Mrs H runner. Wm Spcs
Miss Cutn<.r,Warm Spgs J ii Drummond, Ingom&r
Mrs B J.-infs. Cal L, J Starr <fe w, Stockton
J H Benhlemann. L Ang Mrs H B Johnson, Santo
J F Carrier, l-os Ang S R Gllcrist, Los Angeles
Miss A Thompson, L Ang Mis* L Hall, i os Angeles
Miss E Hall. Los An; I H Halm, St Louis
W H Davidson <& f, Cal W C Good, Santa Kosa
Miss Good, .Santa Kosa DrHC Hq.b. Los Ang
ii Bmughall, Toronto A W Heal <fe w, Alameda
A Bruger, Sao L "Jbispo G F Frenwith, feta Barb
J1; (oleman <fe w, Cal A 8 Bigi-iow, »v City
WII Manning, Seattle A f Fonnby &1, Phil'a
BALDWIN HOTEL.
0 Bock, Llvermore P McLean, V 8 N
C M Hatcher, wan Jose J C Newiand. Oakland
D Tirp-iiiur. Redding (i O Young. Ueddin^
1 H de Lew, Wa-bingtn \V I) Davis, N V
Dr M R Toland.SJiicinto A M J*>ssee, st Louis
V M King, >acrameuio F a Smith, X V
X Wllllarus, Vallejo Mrs C C Collinv N V
H Willis, Woodiana MU* Collins, N V
H Scott. Kresno C Mor on, Hi IjbulI j bul
Miss Abbott, ist Paul F Mcfarland, sneto
U Miller, Vallejo C Morria, BaLTamentO
PALACE HOTEL.
J R Rett, Denver R Mackintosh, Salt Lake
F W 1/iwrenee & w.l'tah Miss Mackintosh, S lake
G E Grlswold. Chicago E R Hutchins, Chicago
W B feck, New Tor* .1 Bradbury, L*
C Peck. Ka amazoo .1 F Kilby, Cleveland
Mrs E L Huut. innio Mrs X E Curtis, ) uma
C Dlckeiison, Chicago J F Smith. Chicago
C T Mutiningitv, Nicgua F Mim»v»nt, J notion Cy
J W LangdonAw, Wash A H Miller, Cleveland
G H Pet;eneel:,L level u d H Kind, New YorK
A J Dwyer&w, N Orlns Wi' L Uasson, N Orlns •
Pr R F Pierce. San Jcse Mrs W FtF t Hnsson.N Ols
C G Kimbali, R» d Bluff H E Alvord, Wash, L> C
J M Uait, htanfi rrt E F lJOdd, Buffalo
Mrs E F Dodit. Buffalo
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
A Black, Stiisun G L Robbins, Portervllle
W H sower , il Pa?o Mrs G M Stanley, Saulio
V s Smith, Portland, J Martin. Denver
M Costello. Stockton T Kuudon, Sacio
J D Brown, El l'a--.o W X Kdgar, Col Sprgs
(4 A sittman, Pleasantoo F Carey, Ntvuda
J L Kilikenny, l-.,m r^ H Ashworth, Stockton
A Curry, Los Ange.es J Llnskey, I'Ha.uma
C C Stone, Quai tz Mtu H Baliard New York
J B Clark. Chicago C B Sheldon, Seattle
Dr J Stewart, Tacoma T Johnson, Olympla
J R Clifford, Spokane S P. ice, Washington
G A Lynch, Wash P Madison, Los Ang
D Harvey, Stockton SDH' ers, i'ie»no
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Amanda S. and Frank A. (or Frank) Blanchard
to Timothy J. Dugan. lot on X line of Ly on street,
62:6 « of Grove, » 25 by X 100: $10.
Joseph Moore to Moore Investment Company,
lot on sk corner of Valencia street and Sycamore
ave:iue, S 35 by I: $0; f 10.
Miguel, Vincent and catallnaNoe and Catallna
Spllvalo to Henry Washburn, undivided half of
lot on N line of Vulture (Columbia) street, 209 W
Of Church, W6oby X 114: 10.
Maria Holts to H. C. F. Stabl, lot on E line of
York street, 172:6 8 of Twenty-first, S "Sbyi;
100; $30.
Kdward H. and Mary C. Klttredee to William
H. George, lot on W line of Capp street, 135 & of
Twenty-third, a 26 by W 122:6; * 100. V
J. W. Burnhnm and F. I). Manh to F. and Maria
yon Buelow, lot on X linn of Chattanooga street,
108 N of Twenty-fourth, N 22 byE 117:6: $10.
P. and Maria yon Buelow to John s. Smith,
sam*; $10. . -
Matthew and Maria Kerr to A. P. Hota'.lne Sr.,
10. on B line of Twenty-eighth street, 80 iv of Noe,
E 25 by S 101 $10.
Miguel, Vincent and catallna Noe and Catailna
Splivalo to Mrs. O. ii. Washburn, undivided y*
of lo: on SW corner of Tw*uty-flrst and t>iaiuouu
streets, S6oby W 115; 10.
City and County of »an Francisco to Mrs. Marie
R. Koblns, lot on X line of .North Point street,
68:9 Eof Larkln, IS S4:4y by N 137 ;8: $ »-
Cornelius M, Tiedemann to Charl' s H. Atbearn,
all interest In estate of Mary McCarthy (No.
16666): -also all interest In lot on >'\V corner of
Kauscu and Folsom >trt>eu, isW sts by NW 100,
deed and assign mem: &70U
Surah Harkln to Maurice V. Samuels, lot on S
line of Clement street, 67:8 Eof Eighteenth ave
nue, X 26:» by S 10J; * 10. v-
David W. ai.d Susan M. Kiddle to Emma D.
Fisher, lot on NX corner 01 l.obos and Capitol
streets, E 26 by N 125, being lot 1, block P, Rail
road Homestead Association No a; 10.
Joseph MclK.de to J. J. McDade, lot on N line of
Parnaasus street, 467:6 X of N, iaE 27:«, N«;
129:6%, W 25, SW 140:9; $10.
Jacob »nd Lina Heyman (by attorney) to James
and AUrtna Johnston, lot 31, block 6, Holly Park
Tract; $10. - . •• -; . . .
Jacob and Liua Heyman to George R. Richard
son, lot on SK line of l.aidley street, 172:11 NE of
Castro, NE 25 by SE 100, lot las, block 8, Fair
mount Laud Association; $10.
' AI.AMKI)* CODVTY. ,
Mary A. ' Bates (and ' as administratrix : of the
estate Of t£i J. Bales, by commissioner) to Harry
L. bwale, lot on E ii i tic of Kttie street, 100 b of B,
is 50 by X 133. beiitg subdivisions C aid D of lot
6, biOCk 794, Watts True:, Map 2, Oakland: also
lot on W line of i-ttli: street, 100 8 of B, S 50 by
W 133, being subdivisions (J and ii, of lot 8, block
795, same, Oakland: *:272. . ,
-J. J. North (as assignee of Fortin Brick Com
pany) to Honore BlaU, lot on NE corner of Locust
street and Telegraph ■ avieuue, a 87 by E 88.30,
Oakland; * 50. - . ' ... -
The Real Estate Combine: to the Realty Syndi
cate (corporation), lots 1, 2 and 9, plot i). In Pied
mont Park, Oakland Township: *10, • :
Jacob and Charlotte UenicnHgel to the town of
Berkeley, lot on E line of King street, 30".88 s* of
Prine*. E 120 by N 30. to be used for public high
way. Berkel-y: $375. .-■
Ulen Hurley to same, lot on W line of Ellis
street, 800.88 8 of Prince W 120 by a 30, to bo
used for same. Berkeley; $415 .
Margaret Thorn to same, lot on E : line of Ellis
street, 300.b8 aOf Prince, E I'M by a SO, to be
used tor same, Berkeley: $478. ,'
- Margaret B. Cooper to me. lot on E line or
Ellis street, 300.58 S of Prince, E. IVO, N SO. W
120,' s 30 to beginning, being onion of Regent
street Homestead, to be used for same, Berkeley;
$405. :
Alia F. Tyler to O. L Fits, lot on \V line of
Union street, 125 8 of Kagle avenue, S L's by W
-108, being lot 11, block &0, Km inal, aiameda: $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to Thomas P.
Held, lot on W line of >t, Charles street, 100 N of
Buena VUta avenue, W 129:11 by. N SO, being
portions of lots 1. - and 3, block X, map of prop
erty of J olumbus Bartlett, Alameda; $10. .
Edward N. and Inex R. well 10 M. J. R. Mohr,
lot on S line Of Flith street, 75. W 01 Oak, W25 by
S 100. being lot 14, block 129, Oakland: 910.
M. J, H. »nd Tillle ->ioore to Mutual S. F. L. and
B. Association of Sau Francisco, same, Oakland ;
$10. -?4!igW^BWJ*»*Mßay''ii»»'A'»lai IttltHmiMamßm
Kebocca A. and Howard S. Pratt to J. C. Wi son,
lot 45, block D, map of Beuluh Park property,
East Oakland : $10. :v.. . • .- • ..,■>; 
L'.ztlt K. Madden (by commissioner) to Mary 8.
Homer, lot en BK line of Fourteenth avenue,
449:4 i-5 SW from point of intersection of 8E
line of Fourteenth avenue with NW line of Nine
teenth avenue. 8W 40, SE 270, N W to a point
in a line drawn parallel to and distant 40 feet >'E
from said right angle line, thence .NW 247 to be
ginning, peing portion of lots 13 and 14, m«p of
portion of Highland Park, East Oakland; »500. '
w. js. Barnard and W. O. Taylor (by Sheriff) to
same, lot on X line of Fourteenth avenue, 461 JSh
of .hast Twenty-fourth street. NE 40, SB 175, SW
40, r\ \V 168 to beginning, being portion of lot 8,
£**>> o 'Portion' Portion of Highland Park, taat Oakland;
Mary E. Hale to Sanford Bennett, lot on X line
or Central avenue (as now widened), 100 E of
Union street. Rsoby N 207 block 3. lands ad
jacent to Jtncinai, Alameda; $10. . ; „ ■
; ; Builders' Contracts. .'
Fannie Begnelm with John McKay, alterations
and additions to a two-story frame building at 310
Chnrcb. street; $2660: Haven <& Toepke, arcui
tect<
Mrs. A. M. Kruse with T. L. Williams, to erect a
one-story building on the W line of Forty-third
avenue, 60 a of Clement street; 91650s plans by
contractor. > ,■• .- . ■: .
A WONDEEFUL WISCONSIN MAN.
He Has Worked Ten Tears on Fifteen
Cabinets.
Oat in tbe wilds of Wisconsin in the
little rural village of Martintown, Green
County, lives one of tbe most industrious
men of the century, aays the New York
World. He is Peter Haase, a cabinet
maker. Ten years ago be conceived the
idea and perfected plans in detail of ibe
most ingenious and elaborate combination
bookcase and writing-cabinet in tbe world.
Having saved enough money to support
him the remainder of his life, he began
the construction of not only one of these
cabinets, but of fifteen, finishing a certain
part of each at the same time before ad
vancing farther.
The cabinets are inlaid with all of the
native woods, the boards having been io
his shop seasoning for over eighteen years.
When completed the fifteen cabinets will
contain 4,000,000 pieces of wood. Some
idea of the time required for the
completion of this undertaking may be
had bj knowine that it would take a man
working eight hours a day one year to
simply sort and count a million pieces,
many of which will have to be handled
twenty times by Mr. Haase before being
permanently adjusted. The top of each
cabinet is to contain 17.000 pieces and each
of the posts 4000. The aged workman
figures that it will take him six years more
to finish his work and the fifteen pieces of
furniture will be completed at the same
time.
Mr. Haas is 71 years of age, but is ha>,
hearty and full of hope and determination
to complete this wonderful work, to which
he applies himself enthusiastically every
workday. His patience and perseverance
are remarkable. He counts on each cabi
net being worth $5000— 575,000 for the lot —
when completed, and believes that invest
ing his time in making them will prove
more profitable than spending bis money
on life insurance would have been.
• ♦ — •
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1890.
lv.
Mo.
Tu.
W. Th.
2 3
9 10
16 17
23 24
SO
Fr.
Sa. |
Moon's Phase:
i
1
4
6
®t New- Moon
S«pl. 7.
• 1
8
11
12 /^fvFirs: Quartei
|v-4/ Bepu 13.
13
14
IB
18
19 £S\ Full Moon.
Mi/ Sept. 21.
2« - ii m ■ i
/7>Li oat Quarter.
"■»£ - Sept. 29.
!
20
27
31
22
20
28 J
29
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure From San Francisco-
STEAM XX |DEBTrMATION. |
SAILS.
I FIEB.
state oiOal. Portland ...... septvo.lUAii Hie* ill
Weeott i-,el Kivtr fepi'zO. Ba* Pier I ;
Coos Bay.. . Newport ciepi2ll. «am Pier II
Walla Walla Vie A Pet Una beptau Bam Pier
Areata...... Oregon ports .. Sepf.l, 3pm Pie' 24
City Peking China A- Japan SepfJl, atM PM SS
C0r0nn...... San Pie ?0..,,. SeDiSa.llAi* Pierll
Australia... H0n01u1u...... e pfj2,loAM Pier 7
A.Blanchril Ortgon ports.. ISep.22. ben \ Pier 18
Pomona.... Humboldtßuy lseptU'2, V?w Pier I*
Siarbuclc.... Cem America. iSept'2B, l2 x P 31 S S
I-arallon Vaqulna Bay. S«-piVi4. 9am fieri
Eureka [Newport Srpi'J*. yam Piertl
Truclcee..., 1.003 Bay Sepi24, 2pm Pier 8
Colombia... ; Portland Sept26.l(U)i Fler
Orizaoa .. . Mexico 3ept2S.loA* Pierll
Santa Kosa. Han I>les;o Bepi26.llAM Pierll.
UmaMlla.... Vie&PgtSnd Sept^tt. 9am Pler9
Aratt0....... Coos Bar .S«pt2B.IUAW 1-icr 1J
City Sydney! Panama....... B«ptgß.l2 MP M 8
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMER
!
tfBOSC
I'OK
Aliceßlan chard
C0r0na..,,,..,..
Wellington... .
City Sydney....
Crescent City...
: aokinaw
I onion* ........
Newaooy
Karallo.n
Kuretca.
Umatilla.
Columbia
Doric
Peter Jebsen...
Truokee ....,
Werott „
Mariposa-
Santa K0aa...,.
Araeo ...:..,...
Del None
North For*
Coos 1iar.......
City Puebla....
State of Cal ....
Oregon ports..
Diego.
Departure 8ay,.,.,.....
Panama
Crescent City...
Taooma...
Jlumljolil; Bay. .........
Tlliamoolc ;.-... .
Yaquina Bay
Newport. ........
Victoria A faget Sound
Portland
China and Japan
Nan a: mo
Coos Bay
Eel River...
Sydney .,...,,
San Diego ...»
Coos Bay ;,... :
Urays H»rbor ......
Humboldt Bay..
Newport .;..
Victoria & Puget Sound
Portland... ...;......
..Hep l 20
..Kepi 20
..Bept2t>
..Sept a 1
..sept 21
"..Sept a i
..b«pt 21
..sept 21
..Sept 22
..««pt22
..Sept 23
..•^ept
..Rent 22
..Sept 22
..Sept 28
..Sept 33
..Sept 24
..Bep:
..Sept 24
..Sept 25
,. Sept 26
..Sept 26
..Sept 27
..Kepi 27
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. B. Coast a»d Okodkttc Stjbvky Tid»")
BntIJCTIN I'I'BUiHIID by OFFICIAL v
AUTHOBITY OF THE PEBIKTBN DgVT, J
Sunday, September 20.
sunrises.. 5.571 Moon rises.. .
Sun sets.... " ri.o9|Moou sets 4.S6am
September— lß96.
I 22H11 Feet 11^1 Feet Ttm<> Feet Tlme Feet
.'1 Ms
22 5.41
H W
23 0.3&
24 1.-M
.'5 •.'.]()
:b 307
0.6 TV.TS[ '
1.0 11.40
1.6 18.02
. L w
6.0 8.06
4.7 6.M
4.6 Hid
4.1 7.24
'6.5 1 £>.O5 l.* ,j.l2 — O
55 5.44 1.5 11.66 6.2
5.4 6.14 1.3
H VV ', L W
1.8 12.21 6.b 6.43 1.0
V.2 12.40 5.6 7.21 0 8
2.7 1.02 5.5 B.oa 0.7
3.6 1.27 6.5 8.48 0.7
Norn— ln the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning lidea ar» given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand colutnn gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
•ccurs. The heights given art additions to tb*
soundings on tb* United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given la subtractive
from the deoth given by the chart*.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Htdbookaphic Omen. V. 8. N., ■)
. HANTS' KXCHAXnE ■ V
'San Fbakcisco, Hentember 19. 1898- )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was not dropped
to-day on account of wires being down, - -
J. T. McMIXLAK,
• ':.'.■ ' • Assistant, in charge. ;
SHIPPING I NTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SATURDAY. September 18.
Btmr South Coast. Hanaen, IS hours from
Albion: 135 Mft lumb-r, 200 M shingles. 22V M
shakes, to J It Hanny.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 58 hours from San
Pedro: bal a-u. :r> Pollard & liidif.
Stmr Willamette, Holmes, 90 hours from
Depar.nre Bay; 5420 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Hark Chas B Kenney, Andersun, days from
Nushagak: 35.(>7t> cs salnjon, to Alaska i'acken'
Association.
Kchr Queen, Edwardson, 9 days from Klawack;
S 3(10 cs iOS bids salmon, 11 bdls skln», to North
Pacific Trading and Packing Ca
Hctarued.
aATUKDAY, September 19.
Pchr F.mma Utter. Allen, hence to-day tor Grays
Harbor, on account of carrying away malnmau
head ill Is afternoon In a heavy BW squall outside
the bar.
Cleared.
SATURDAY, September 19
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace, Victoria ana Port
Townsend : Goods!!. Perkins <k Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka: Charles
Nelson.
stmr Coos Bay, Jansen, San Pedro; Goodail, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr State of California, Green, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Brstmr LongshiDs, Millons, Bt Vincent; G W
Me Near,
Br ship Ventnra, Fretwnrst, Bristol; H M Xcv,
hail & Co.
Bktn Gardiner City. Hasten, Santa Rosalia;
Felix Sontaellur.
Railed.
SATURDAY. September 19.
Brstmr Progressist. Pinkham, Nanalmo.
Mmr Arago, Keed, Coos Bay.
Slur Alcatraz. Walvig tow Bay.
Btmr Point Arena, Strand. Mendoclno.
Br stmr Lon^sbipn, Mi lon. St Vincent.
Br ship Bl y ths wood, Dlxon, Queenstown.
Baric Canada, \V lckoerg, Taooma,
BchrLlly, Bottger, Umpqna.
Schr Coquello. Pearson, Coquille River.
Schr Melancthon. Hatch, Columbia River.
bchr Arcme and Fontle. Colstrnp. Stewarts Point.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, Grays Harbor.
Charters. , «
1 The schr Beulah loads cannery supnlips for
AlasKa; Brshlp Glendoon. mdse for London; Ger
ship Peru, mdse for Liverpool.
, ii i% • .XelegrHphtc. J;■ ;
POINT LOBO6. SeDt. 19-10 p. v Weather
foggy: wind .S;' velocity 8 miles.-. „ c - ?'
Spoken. ; ;< :'
; An? 25— Lat 12 9. long 35 W. Br shin Samoena,
trom Swansea, lor san Francisco. < ■ i
Aug 18— Lat 32 S. loan 47 .W.'Br ship Genista,
from Liverpool, for San Francisco. •
Aug 'ii-hat 12 N, lonir 26 W. Br ship Sierra
Blanca, from Cardiff, for Vancouver. -
■ ■■ I)<>me*tic Ports.
GRAYS HARBOR-SaUed Sept -19— Schr O T
Hill, for San Fruncisco. .
PORT GAMBLE —-ailed Sept 19-Bktn Skaxtt,
for Honolulu.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept 19-Schr F S Redfleld.
from Kan Pedro; schr Dora Bluhm, hence Aug 22*
Outside— Ger ship Henrietta, from Yokohama.
POINT. ARENA— Arrived t-ept 19— bchr Bender
Brothers, hence Sept 18.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept 19— Stmr Noyo. for
Ban Francisco.
. NOYO— Salted Sept 19— Ger bark Assel. for Liv
erpool.
GREENWOOD— SaiIed Sept 19-Stmr Alcazar,
for Newport.
bowens LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 19-Schr
Daisy How, hence Sept 17.
j MENDOCI.NO— Arrived Sept 19— Schr -Bobolink
hence Sept 16.
i ALB Arrived Sept 18-Stmr Scotia, hence
Sept 17 - r V ■
M BOWENO ' LANDING— Sept 19— Schr
Monterey.
t fORT TOWNSENU— Arrived Sept 19-Schr
Bangor, from San Pedro: schr John a Campbell,
from Newport, tor PortJßlakeley; sc'nr American
Girl, hence Ajr 19, for Port Blaiteley: sehr G W
Watson, from Honolulu; brig Courtney Ford, from
Unza Island for Tacoma. ~ -
: PORT G AMBLE— Sailed Sept 18— Schr Joseph
Buss, for San Pedro. ■
. GREENWOOD— Arrived Sept 18-Stmr Whltes
boro, hence Sept 18.
CASPAR-Hailed Sept 18-Sohr Maxim, for San
Francisco. ■  .
. USAL— Arrived Sept 10-Stmr Protection, hce
Sept 17. ■. ■ ■
" Eastern Ports. .
• NEW YORK- Cleared Sept 19-Ship Henry Vil
lard, for Oregon.
■' ' Foreign Ports. I -
VANCOUVER— SaiIed Sept -.'13-Bktn Katie
Flickinger. for Kobe. v .
■ NANAIMO -Arrived Sept I&— Nor stmr Peter
Jehsen, hence Sept 10. ;■ S '• '
• DEPARTURE I>AY-SaUed Sept 15-Stmr Wil
lamette, for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL-sailed Sept 18— Br bark Routen
beck, for Honolulu.
CARDIFF-Sailed Sept 18-Brship Isleof Arran
for Santa Rosalia. 1
FA LMOUTH -Sailed Sept 38— Br ship Princi
pality, for Hamburg. - .
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed Sept IS— NIc bktn
Sharpshooter, for fc>au Francisco. Sept 2— Br ship
Laurelbank, lor San Francisco.
iSYDNfc.Y-Kalled Sept 17— Br ship Drumalis,
for San Francisco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Sept Br ship Eden-
more, hence June 3.
COLON— Arrived Sept 17-Stpar Finance, from
New York.
Tor Lot* Shinning ihteUlaenef. fire Twelfth Paar.
WMTED-Overdne Accounts
FOR COLLECTION.
CITY — — COUNTRY — FOREIGN
W. S. MORROW,
180 Sansome St. (Tel. Red 411).
X. B.— No charge unless successful. List of S. F.
references, mercantile and professional, gratis and
post tree. . . , - . ■ :
i ; OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /X DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, fLax HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Dl by
V, AUSTRALIA. Vs.S. AUSTRALIA.
«, a AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. September 22. a; 10 A.M, Special party rates.
S. 8. MARIPOSA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, October
15. at 2p. x. . ■ '-■■ • ;• ■'
LInetoCOOLGABDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN,
(South Africa. .
J. D. BPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market Bt.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAIT
QTEAMTCBB WILL SAIL FROM -/JSS*-
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, ua^KSSK
follows: ■
For Msry Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
lisnooand Sltka (Alaska), at 9 a. m.. Sept. 11,28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi atcom (Belllnaham Bay, Wash-). 9a. M.
Bept. 1, 6, 11, 1«, 21, 26. and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. K.
11., atTacoma with N. P. K. ft,, at Seattle with (i.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold Bar) Rtr. Pomona 2 j>. m., Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14,
18. 2%, 1:6, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Oavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it.
Sept. 4, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hanord
(San Luis Obispo), i-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
eelDa, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M. Sept. 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, SO and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Joie de! Cabo. MazMlan, La
Pa« and Ouaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. K. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet. b w
CiOODALL, PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAKT ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. x.
FADPfSI!} First-class \ Including
J? Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia... Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 8, 15
State of California Sept. 20, 80, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and. through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tlon to y
P. P. CONNOR. General Ajront.
630 Market street.
GOODALL. PERKINS <fc CO., Superintendent*
COfIPAGNE GESERAL TRANSATIASTIQUB
French Line to Havre.
riOMPANY'BPIER(NEVV).43NOBTH j»gr»
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler* br sSSSBKt
this line avoid both transit by English railway an!
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yorjc to Alexandria, Kgypd via Pun*
lirot-ciaas sfceouU-ciaaa, ijllti.
LAGASOOUNK ..Sept. 28, 3 A.
LA BRETAGNB ....Oct. 3, 7 x. a.
LA CHAMPAGNE. Oct. 10, 3 am.
LA T»nllAIN« ....,.;;..... .....Oct. 17.6 a.m.
LA BOURGOGNB , .Oct. 24, 1 p. ic
a£" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent, '■ .
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
j. F. FTTGAZI & CO., . Agents, 6 Montgomery
avenue, san Francisco.
WHITE STAR LINE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
BKTWKKJf
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILIMV EVI2UY WEEK.
f^ABIJN,S6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- yjf*)»_
\J Ins: to steamer and accommodations wSBmmK
■elected : second cabin, $• i and «4 ■ 0; MajesuO
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVEKY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
_/ ...-\ . General Agent tor Puntic Coast.
ROYAI BAH STEASI PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPJNWALL J&t/L-
-fortnightly for the West Indies and <Zh3Ss
Southampton, culling en route at - Cerbourgiii
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mall H. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany,
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class, «U7 50 Fur further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents.
' Hill- (California
STOdTOJ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St»
At O P. M, Daily. iTt-uu, received up
, .-,...,,. <■-,-. tu »:3U i*. M. ■■-•.-.> ■'■',
tgr Accommodations Reserved by Telephone,
l ne only- xaaM-lDf turoagh rates on Valley
Road freight.: . . '• •■ ■ 
STKAMEKS:
T. C. Walker, - J. D. Peters,
Mary viarratt. 1 City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat, Nay. and imot. Co
U.S. I.WY-YARD. HARE ISLHD. I AILEJO,
•Benida, *P«rt foxja, •Crnekdt and •Valuna.
STK. MONTICEIXO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. v. • (Saturdays •*m:3D
A. M.), 3:30 y. >t. Sundays 8 p. m. only. .Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission at. Telephone Blaclc
261. ;. HATCH BROS,
■■-♦ 4 and Bp. m. trips on'.y. ■-.■.■.■ s -;i"-
-: *** Excursion trip. Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR m jose; LOS gatos & santa crdz
STEAMER ALVISO LK.AVKS PIER 1 DAILT
Oa;10a. m. (Sundays excepted) ; Alviso dally at
7 pm, (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger, Fare between Man Francisco and Alviso,
60c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay aL, Pi#r 1. iOW,
baota Clara si.. Sun Jose. fllsiiaurihllliiiTr imm^Tmi»«
2728
FAIR SISTERS
DID NOT DEPOSE
Having Withdrawn Their
Petition for Probate of
the Pencil Will.
HAVE JOINED CHARLES.
Richard V. Dey Spends an In
teresting Hour in the
Chair.
HE "DECLINES TO ANSWER."
Admits Having Said That the Pencil
Will Was Written in the Hand
writing of Fair.
Miss Virginia Fair and Mrs. Theresa
Oelricbs were summoned to appear before
Notary Charles H. Phillips in the Crocker
building yesterday in the matter of the
Fair will. With their attorney, Reuben
Lloyd, they were present, but Mr. Delmas
dismissed them in a few words, saying
tbat inasmuch as they had since being
subpenaed withdrawn their application
for the probate of the will of the 24th,
known as the pencil will, the situation
had been thereby changed and their depo
sition would not be necessary.
"I wish the reporter would note that
Mrs. Oelrichs and Miss Fair have re
sponded to the subpena, are here and are
willing to tell anything they may know
about the matter being heard," said Mr.
Lloyd.
"We will go on with the next deposi
tion," said Mr. Delmas without looking up.
"Then the presence of these ladies is no
longer required?" asked Lloyd.
"I have said all that need be said as to
that," replied Delmas.
The ladies rose and, accompanied by
Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Russell Wilson, left
the room. Mr. Wilson's was the "next
deposition." He came Dack in a moment
and stating that he would "decline to be
sworn," and that he wished, however, to
"keep the record straight" for the return
to court, again bowea himself out, still
accompanied by Mr. Lloyd.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, the central figure
of the contention, now arrived, accora-.
panied by her physician, Dr. Clinton. She
apparently did not know that she was ex
pected to give her deposition. it was her
first appearance in the circle of lawyers
and lookers-on, artists and newspaper
men outside her own house since she left
the witness stand that night in Judge
Slack's courtroom several months ago.
She • made a very fine appearance, too, it
may be said, dressed in a natty suit of
green, with a green ornamented with
a bird with long green feathers.
Her physician advised her against sub
mitting to a long deposition, and the mat
ter, so far as she was concerned,, was
carried over until Monday. She had come
with the expectation of hearing the depo
sition of the Fair sisters, and was much
disappointed that they had gone without
testifying.
So the early morning scene dissolved.
In the afternoon, be.ore Notary Latham,
there was another scene. The deposition
of Richard V. Dey was taken.' It was in
teresting chiefly for what it did not dis
close and for the questions which were left
unanswered. . .
Mr. Dey said he was 61 years of age. and
had known James G. Fair since 1861 or
1862.
"I was in his employ as private secre
tary during the years 1880 to 1882," he
said. "Prior and subsequent to that time
I was in the employ of Flood & O'Brien
and Mackay since 1887 protecting the
titles of mining claims. lam the trustee
of the children of Mr. Fair and have bsen
since August, 1884."
"Are you their trustee in the matter of a
certain instrument executed by them —
Charles L. Fair, Vircinia Fair and Teresa
A. Oelrichs— about March, 1895?"
"I am, sir."
"Will you kindly produce it?"
"Under ; advice of counsel I decline to
produce it here. I will produce it in
court."
"What counsel do you refer to?"
"Messrs. Knight & Heggerty and Reuben
H. Lloyd." ; . .
"When did you employ them?"
"Messrs. Knieht and Heggerty about
two weeks ago, and I have consulted with
Mr. Lloyd from time to time during the
progress of this litigation. "'.%
'"When did they advise you in this mat
ter?"
"Mr. Heggerty advised me so about two
weeks ago. Mr. Lloyd did so this morn
ing." •
"They - advised you not to produce it at
the taking of your deposition this morn
ing?"
"Yes, sir."
"Where is that instrument now?"
"I have it in my possession."
'•Was it acknowledged before a notary ?"
"Yes, sir." . .
"Where was it written and acknowl
edged?"
"In the Nevada Block."
"During the time that you were Senator
Fair's secretary did you become familiar
with his had writing?" , • «
"Yes, sir; I saw him write frequently
during a period of thirteen years and up
to within a year of his death."
"When did you first see the pencil will,
so called '-
. "On the 16th day of March; I was at
Reuben H. Lloyd's office at the time. . Mr.
Lloyd and myself were the only persons
present. I think the day was Sunday. I
have never seen it since."
"DM you, at that time, make an ex
amination of it for the purpose of deter
mining whether or not it was in Senator
Fair's handwriting?"
"I looked ac it for that purpose, yes,
sir, for a few moments; I have since ex
amined photographs of the document for
the same purpose;; such a photograph was
sent to me. I supposed it was from Mr.
Lloyd: I have examined it half a dozen
times.
j "When did you examine it?"
"Well, day before yesterday I examined
it on one point."
"On what point?"
"I decline to answer.",;
-"I is a perfectly proper question. I ask
you, categorically, on what point?"
i"I decline to answer." '
"Did . you express an opinion upon the
first inspection, of; the pencil will as to
whether or not it was the handwriting of
Senator Fair?" ; 6
"Yes, sir; I did."
"Did you, on the same day, express an
opinion to : any other person than Mr.
Lloyd?"
-"I did, sir— to two or three persons. I
think Mr. Heggerty was there, j I don't
remember the others."
; "Did you ever express an opinion to any
of the children of Senator Fair?"
"I aid, I think to all three of them, with
in, a few days after I" first r saw it in the
hands of Mr. Lloyd. I expressed an opin
ion to Miss Margaret Craven, also, in New
York." .;: /
'•Did you ■ express such opinion to Mr.
MurJcay?"
"We discussed the matter but whether
1 expressed, an opinion I do not remem
r*r '
"Wbfttwaa the opinion you expressed
when you first saw the will in Mr. Lloyd's
office."
"I decline to answer."
"Why?"
"Well, it would interfere with certain
business matters."
"What business matters?"
"Well, I have to look into certain mat
ters relating to these papers."
"How look into them?"
"Well," said the witness, desperately,
"I am expected to pass upon the validity
of them."
"What was the opinion you had at that
time?"
"That it looked very much like Senator
Fair's handwriting."
"Did you say so?"
"I said it looked liKe Senator Fair's
writing. I made use of some other ex
pressions, also."
"What other expressions?"
"I said if it was a forgery it was a very
clever one."
"What did you say about it to Miss
Craven in New York?"
At this point Charles Heggerty entered
and promptly objected to the question
and advised the witness not to answer.
"Are you the same Richard Dey who
stated to a reporter of The Call what ap
pears in the issue oi that paper of March
20,1895?" Here Mr. Delmas read as fol
lows lrom an interview with Mr. Dey t
The handwriting of the will is most assur
edly tnat of the late Mr. Fair, and I don't
hesitate to pronounce the will genuine in
every respect. I should tie familiar with Sena
tor Fair's handwriting if anybody is. 1 was
his secretary from, lei me see; anyway, it was
in the '60s, until 1884. I understood him
thoroughly. We consulted together, dined to
getner, traveled together. There is no doubt
in my mind but that the new document ex
presses the manner in which the late Senntor
wished to dispose of his estate, it was just
like him to write this new will; it was his way
of doing things. He allowed these executors
of the first document filed to think that they
had everything their own way and then he
went off and upset the whole matter by making
another will. Kothiiie could be more charac
teristic of the man.
Upon Mr. Heggerty's advice the witness
declined to answer.
"Did you have such an interview with a
reporter of The Call?"
Heggerty objeted unless the name of
the reporter was given, that he might
know to what he was expected to tesiify.
Delmas then went over the interview,
expression by expression, asking the wit
ness if he had said so and so, at each of
which the same advice was given and the
witness declined to answer.
Then Delmas went over the same
grounds, putting the questions direct as
whether the witness thought so and so as
expressed, and the witness under advice
still declined to answer them. This effce
taally stalled the progress of the deposi
tion and the notary wa3 advised to report
tiie matter to court.
"\Y. M. Pierson, of Pierson & Mitchell,
attorneys for the special administrators of
the Fair estate, was then called. He
stated the firm of Pierson & Mitchell, as
such attorneys, had in their possession
seven wills made by Senator Fair, count
ing the c*odicils. They were in their hands
as attorneys and they declined to produce
them. Mr. Mitchell made the same state
menu
Mr. Crothers of the special adminis
trators and trustees under the will was
then sworn and stated that the wills were
not and never had been in his possession.
They had been delivered to Mr. Bresse as
an individual and he had turned them
over to their attorney.
This closed the inquiry of the day.
TUITION WILL BE FREE.
Fifteenth Annual Session of the Even
ing Educational Department of the
Y. M. C. A. Will Open Soon.
The fifteenth annual session of the
Evening Educational Department of the
Young Men's Christian Association will be
inaugurated Thursday evening, October 1,
with an address by President Eli McClish
of the University of the Pacific. This im
portant work of the association has been
eminently successful during the past four
teen years. The course of study is prac
tical and embraces such branches as are
calculated to be extremely helpful to
youne men. Tuition is free to all mem
bers who hold :ull membership in the in
stitution. L. M. Shuck will be superin
tendent of instruction this season, and the
following branches will be taught: Book
keeping, mechanical and free-hand draw
ing, stenography, elocution, German lan
guage, a course on German literature,
Spanish, Latin, commercial law. lectures
on electricity, university extension lec
tures.
The class hours are so arranged that but
few studies conflict, so that young men
may have the benefit of a large number of
the studies each week. The educational
department of the association commends
itself in all its branches to young men, es
pecially those who have been obliged to
leave school early in life in order to gain
their own way. For this purpose more
particularly the institution, in connection
with its many large undertakings fur the
welfare of young men, has inauguraied
and successfully conducted the educa
tional branch throughout the country.
All young men who can furnish refer
ences as to their moral standing in the
community are eligible to membership in
the association and entitled to thebnefits
of the educational work with the many
other numerous opportunities and attrac
tions offered for self-improvement by the
institution. The manual of information
will be furnished free to all who apply at
the association office, Masou and Ellis
streets, or by mail.
THE SUFFRAGE CONCERT.
Young Ladies Are Freparing a
Programme of Great
Variety.
Veterans at Yuntville Will Hear
Some Good Speaking on Politi
ca Equality.
Music lovers are looking forward to the
woman suffrage campaign concert, which
is booked for October 6 at the Metropolitan
Temple. The affair will be given by the
young ladies of the Woman Suffrage Bu
reau, under the able and efficient manage
ment of Miss Maybelle Hoibrook. The
programme has been carefully arranged,
and will embrace many attractive features.
The principal attraction will doubtless
be the debut of Miss Gertrude Auld, a na
tive daughter wbo has been studying :n
Europe lor the past four years. For tliat
matter, all the participants will be native
sons and daughters, all young and all
handsome, at least so far as the daughters
go, the bureau declining to give out any
official estimate of the men's looks.
Another drawing card will be the
favorite Knickerbocker quartet, consist
ing of D. M. Lawrence, first tenor; C. M.
Elliot, second tenor: D. B. Crane, first
bass, and L. A. Laraen, second baas. The
Ang-lus and Loring Quartets are also
billed for classic and popular selections.
Mrs. Waltz will sing, being accompanied
by MiBS Uolbrook in an intricate violin
obiigato. Ben Tuttle, Henry Heyman's
rising pupil, will give an evidence of his
skill on the violin, and Mi-s Judd will
challenge admiration by hr flute-like
whistling. Tickets costing only 25 cents
are on at the bureau and at Sherman,
Clay & Co.'s, Kohler & Chase's and at
Oooper's bookstore.
Miss Shaw has gone north to attend the
"Woman's congress at Lakeport on the 22d
and 23d inst. Mrs. Chapman-Cart, Mrs.
Nellie Holbrook-Biinn, Miss Hoibrook
and Miss Hay will speak to-nigbt at the
Veterans' Home in Youniville, after
which Mrs. Chapman-Catt will proceed to
St. Helena, Calistoga and Cloveidaie.
In Austria to give a girl a apray ol pear
blossoms indicates affection.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1896.
. ■ ■ ' ' • ■ • "■ • • ■".";■■-! ,--.■•.' :. - . NEW TO-DAT. ', ' ' .-' -- .■ - ■ "' -.
I LAST WEEK OF THE SIXES! I
s Tl I? Da r V TO AW I I AL 2
3 lilJu iinuJy JLu vli i*^ I / y^*^v /*W /hhc^ *CT^l —
£ Each day an effort to lower the record of I /^ y^}^ 2^-/ \/\ c/ (sV^%iy4 P
S the day before. To-day we quote values for! [/ * -r^^^x (&Q 'r-^rx %' * §
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday. Addi=| P^«/ NSs >' / A - /s^\^ > — £
2 tional "Extras" will be quoted in evening§ vSs--4^»-/ 6 r^ l * a /-N> jA §!
§ papers. No reserve, no limit. First day to- 1 /c^ \/^~^ £cw3211" ** / pgtPAT S OO0 * §
j| morrow. Read these offerings. Bring the! >i2s^^ £
5 "ad with you. Remember the last and! /^f^r^^^S> <^r^ /^*^^
§ greatest week of sixes begins morrow. i ■ yy 5=
I EXTRA I sixoREATSPEciALS! FINAL PRICE CUTS FOR OUB GREAT SIX SALE! |
S TViriCCC t\f\(T\T\C^ I 26x4 2 H^s, T h O enTmed 'extra Every department represented. » Hundreds of values Sj
§ Olxti^^ VJ \J \J 1D 25 I large " Vftlna2sc - E ™ we cannot mention. A few to speak 3
I LAST WEEK of THE sixes. "'-I/.— ■—.'■"" "- ___ for the many. I
! *= ———■■»««««« — -
5 FOR 63C-BLACK BROCADED GROS- , FOB 85c YARD yon can get a grand '! TURKISH TOWELS. AITTITTVIIV NOVPI TIPQ S
-~« GRAIN SILK-This b. very heavy 65° SILK AND WOOL NOVKLTY SUIT- 21x42 inches, woven selvage, very XjL KJ I V^XTjLI^ IYUYCbIICfa 3
i all-silKfabrlc.fully 19 inches \vide,and \J*J ING, in all the very newest color- heavy, value 13c. Extra — •
< s^: of the best dye. To close our Six Sale Yard Ings and bouretted effects, 45 Inches Q-:C ! • .■ ' • • -\io Mrf n iT'l/*iIVIC A IVT DAD/TAIM CncriAl C? °0°
5 wide: a most desirable fabric. Next OO 11 Each INO 1 IUINS AINU DAKuAIN SPfcICIALS. fc;
=55 FOR 75c-\Ve a special offering; of week to close the Slxei. Yaid . n ■ .'., * Mca r yi n .-,.. . . ~Z
! o<)o BLACK SATIN STrtIPE TAFFETA _ • ' '-*':•?! ■BBOMMMwauBBj ~ : : '. " •. -^ .
»_ SILK — This silk is of a good, heavy H^O FOR 90c A YARD — A line of BOUCLE . - ■___ ■ t _____^___ A GREAT GLOVE CHANCE-Odds and FRENCH TIHBTJE PA PER-We are sell- >m
~Z quality, 22 inches wide, ana worth a tO NOVELTY SUITING S-great black. — — — — —^^»» ends In 4-Button Kid Gloves, size 5s/ 4 ing this grade at an especially lowprlce- fcr
S dollar. To close our six Sale Yard roud^pwarinie figures cover ap lala CALICO. 'In black only. sl«es 6%, 6%. 7 aad A - colors pinks and blue* un. brow^a^ 1C
2 FOR 95C-BLACK BREADED GROS- » &£?%£ tT&t S 90° Dark brown « variety of £ b^^r^V'^fem^U^ 46° STK~!£": ..^ Shtet 3
S^ GKAIN silk— l his Is a most deslra- week ...-..;... Yard patterns, 6V±c quality. Extra week, at..:.......... Pair _! ['"•'•'•' •• ° at>et «2-
I-g ured designs are comprised; we guar-. QCC FOB $1.00 YARD-CURLY MOHAIR, ' 4l°v'!. I SUPERIOR BASTING COTTON —We CC NOTE PAPER, by the bOX 24 sheets and ?\ a 5^
I ante* this to be all silk and the Oi) the most popular fabric the sea«oa af* . . ... Yard j warrant 30 yards to a sbool OrT ou? 5 envelopes to match, good paper. Extra O rS
■ «^- very best dye, To close our Six Sale Yard fords : two-ioned effects in all the new «» -1 .00 ,. ..-^ _ _^ __ __ tables next week. Kxtra at ' Dozen -— Box -^
i ZI , shaded color combinations; 42 inch, tip J —^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ , .- .. "." *»«»«>— ■>— •
— » FOR *'. 25— We Just reclved a line of On sale next week. :..... ... Yard — — — i — — . — — AMKIUCAN PILLOWCASE LACE, 2to QC CABINET HAIRPINS, all kinds", heavy OC wP-
LYONS BLACK GKUS - GRAIN, ' « «„-..--.-,.„. ... 3 inches wide, assorted patterns. Next O nd Invisible. A rousting special to A -^
J2- DAMASSE SILK— The designs are FOR $1.00 YARD— TAILOR SUIT- • t CREAM TABLE DAMASK week „ ... Yard close the 6 sale at... „. Box rS
»- especially large and exclusive: the lNGS,aswell checked material for . I v , n . hp , _,»- . Tt _ „,„,.,„ I—-*.- „«„„., •'.'-.. . .>. «fc—
■^I quality is the heavy grade so desira- ©"1. 25 smart tailor costumes; 40 inch; the ©1 .OO sixsai«H, li»piai1 i»piai ■ Q 7 * ! BLACK CORBKT STK ELS, the kind with CC FANCY SWISS EMBROIDERED HAND- IAC 25T:
— <o ble: ask for this. Our offering next <Jpl season's newest color.ngs. On sale tjpl ™*»««»i»u« double fronts, 6 hooks. Next week on O KERCHIEFS, scalloped edge. A -LU zZm
week.... Yard next week Yard "• ... . 95% d center tables at Pair special sale next week at 12y 2 o and.... Each 3
***J \ ard "2J
I FURNISHING GOODS! »„„, „,.„«,. autumn cloaks and outer garments j
Z^S ■ * Unbleached, 30-inch, value 9c, - " Ss»
--<• GENTS' NATURAL GRAY WOOL GENTS' WOOL UNDERWEAR-Our • good quality. Ex ra Before purchasing we would be pleased to show you our Novelties in
fc: GENTS' NATURAL GRAY WOOL GENTS' WOOL UNDERWEAR-Our - c L^. __.. V . . * . w " ulu »" F'»>™ iv »n»w you OW nureilUS in -^
S^ merino SOX, seamless, the heels great 75s garment on sale again; hun- " > 7 Yard ' Ca ° eS ana Jackets, ranging in price from $15 to $40 each. No trouble to fc
«— g and toes are blgh-spllcea, the medium IRC dreds sold last lime; natural -ray and 7CC ' ; • - show eoods. Come In if nnlv tn Innlr • -- «^~
heavy kind for win A great offer- XO camel's hair colors, silk bound. Won- lO ■i^ MMM MH M _ M _ a J Bpllow S ouus> womc in II only IO IOOK, r^
1 ingat... Pair derful value at Garment - - —^___ _______ ■ -.^ ; —-«»
. a^. LADIES' EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, • • ...„.»..-.. -......-..-. LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY BLUE LADIES' JERSEY REEFER JACK- S^
I— • GENTS' WOOL HOSK, the 25c quality, HNL S. Jersey ribbed and fleeced. WRAPPFR PI AIHUTI Q BEAVER CAPES, 22 inches long. ETS, fly front, navy blue, all lined, • -*»
I^* shades of natural gray or brown, me- Our underwear offerings are in keep- linrir I til I LnllllLLO. '1 his Cape is trimmed with Thibet fur brown opossum edging on collar^^^^ ! I^S
«>— dium weight, will wear especially "l O2C ing with your wants. This Is a 50c OT •" - - around the collar and down front. and from, head and tail fur orna- fIM 0.50 * r~
■ well. Special next week on center IU3 garment; drawers to match. Next — O we have just - received a big Two rows of braid run down the front C .OO ments, 84 to 40. Our opening offer- «Jp_O SET
table Pair week extra special Garment ' line of dark colored Wrapper and four down back. A most stylish isO Ing Each SI
_• ACORSFTOPFFRi~~~«f~r— v ■ Flannels in pretty Persian garment. On sale next week at Each . ~5
. A CORSET OFFERING-Next week we ■ ' f ac u «n(i «trK A «ud » S .E^lis '
GENTS' NATURAL GRAY WOOL will sell special the gn-at C. P. Cor- sor men" shown at i LADIES' BLACK CONEY CAPES, 110-Inch "~ \ . fc
tZi MIXED UNDERWEAR- We have sets. Frencn mude, boned with real sonment snown at sweep 6-Inch coUar, can be worn standing or tmtqqtcv TirirrTQ ■, *. 1 wv St^
;_! all sires, Including extra large, 34 to rrkC whalebone, Venis back, satin finished, fIUT .50 10v*«i turned down. A decided bargain. Juatlnf of ween »n 1 wTJir ™, oUcle Cl M th ~. . ■ -9
i -— '"-■— -°'"— °— -^g^.:-.-.^..!"-: .^5;,, ■;- ■•■ X " T>rt I BiS_::Sß_|SS_:::,BB_ aS^^sSS? *2_ i
1 i gi HALE 8R05., inc., 937-945 MarketSt wMM^M^mMSS
*— name and a copy free. Address Mail Order Department, £ lft 'j and Sixth opposite the junction of Turk, Mason and •— ■
5 HALE BROS. SAW FRANCISCO. JS'Seat M^ln^Ue^'par'tment I*1 '* cordlally tavlted to inspect g|
GRASS AT COOKS INLET.
Enormous Areas of Wild Red
top on the Kenik and Eeni
Rivers.
A Country as Good for Sheep and
Cattle Raising as the State of
Montana.
■F. E. Bowers of TuJare, who has spent
[five months in bunting for gold in the
country about Turnagain Arm, Cooks
Inlet, is at the Brooklyn. He has re
turned bronzed, with a long beard and
wit little gold, yet he thinks well of the
country for some purposes.
Even as a gold country he is not ready
to discount it, for though he was not suc
cessful he saw many who were. It is as a
grass and livestock country, however, that
he particularly commends it. /
"I call it as good a country as Mon
tana," said he, "and as things are now it
is the greatest gra3s country I know of.
There are thousands and thousands of
acres of magnificent grass all over the re
gion where I have been this summer.
"Take it on the Keni, Kenik and Sushit
na rivers, and stretching away for miles
and miles are waving meadows of the fin
est redtop you ever saw. Everybody
knows what red 'op is. Well, there you
have it in profusion. The grass is thick
and as fine as any that ever grew, and is
as tall as your head.
"It is a grass with fine nutritious blades.
Eaten green it makes magnificent beef
and mutton, and cut and fed as hay it
makes livestock . rolling fat. One thing
about the valleys of these rivers, too, is
that you can run a mowing machine. all
over them.' There are no hummocks to
obstruct the cutter-bar of the machine.
• "But livestock up there don't need much
I hay. It Is no worse climate than Mod
tana, where cattle roam about substan
tially each winter without hay, and where
tney depend nearly, entirely on the dry
.wild grass. In the future that region is
destined to become a great cattle country.
' "I suppose, however, KadiaK Island will
become the center ot the cattle and sheep
growing. interests. When we came down
there the* cattle, horses and such other
stock as they had , were hog fat — all off
the grass that grew all around tliere.
This island is about ninety miles wide by
150 long., 3
"That country is great for sheep. .' Some
day Alaska will be known as the best
livestock country we have."^^^^^^___
NEW TRIAL GRANTED.
A Convicted Forger From New York Is
Given a Chance to Clear Himaelf,
The Supreme Court yesterday granted a
new trial to Alonzo J. Whiteman, the
man from New York recently convicted of
passing a forged check on the Bank of
California. During the trial several forged
checks were introduced in evidence to
prove tbat Whiteman was a swindler and
a forger. It was not, however, specifically
proved that the papers introduced were
forgeries, nor tnat the defendant had
passed them.
In the judgment of the Supreme Court
tne admission of these checks was an
injustice to the defendant. In conse
quence a new trial was granted as re
quested.
Mr. Bunnerruitn's Remarks.
Thomas R. Bannerman says that what he
really said at the meeting at K. K. B. Hall
Friday nignt was as follows: "1 feel that I
owe an apology for abandoning even for a
time the principles of my earlier manhood in
order to take any active part with the Parlia
mentary agitators wno are making the cause
of Ireland a by-word among the nations." The
F. E. BOWERS, "Who Tells of the Enormous Wild Meadows on
the Kenik, Keni and Other Rivers.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.}
principles to which he referred are the princi
ples for which Washington fought, and for
which Emmet gave up his life. Mr. Banner
man says that a portion of his remarks appears
to have been m'sunderstood, and this corrects
that misunderstanding.
NEW CHINESE PROBLEM
Collector Wise Confronted With a Novel
Point Concerning a Certificate
of Residence.
Collector Wise has been confronted with
a very novel point in the matter of Chi
nese registration. Some months ago one
Chow Yung of Butte, Mont., informed the
Collector that he intended to visit his
native land, and desiring to return to the
country of his adoption requested a cer
tificate of residence. Before the case could
be fully investigated Yung saileu for his
native heath, leaving his certificate, which
had been passed upon favorably. Now,
however, the Celestial desires to return to
this country and has requested that the
proper papers be delivered to nim. These,
it seems, have been destroyed, and ihe
Collector refuses to issue duplicates on
the ground that the Mongol forfeited his
right to return to America when he sailed
away without the originals. "Jung is ex
pected on tiie next steamer and will, of
course, be refused a landing. If he should
appeal from Mr. Wise's decision the out
come will be looked forward to with some
t
interest, as it is the h'rst case of the kind
on record. .
KITES IN THE CLOUDS.
Weather Prophet Haminon Unfortunate
In His Experiments.
Weather Prophet Hammon bad hard
lack with his Kite-fiyinK yesterday. The
threatening aspect of the weather and the
high wind that prevailed on the surface of
the earth and at an elevation, as indicated
by the movements of the clouds, caused
the forecaster to desire to send his kites
aloft for further information as to atmos
pheric conditions, wind, velocity, etc.
From the top of the'Milis building he
sent up four large kites, tandem, on a fine
piano wire. The highest attained an ele
vation of 4500 feet and 33 degrees, while
over 7500 feet of wire was let out The
upper atmosphere was so charged with
electricity that the attendants were
obliged to ground the kite wire on a
watHr-pipe. W en the time arrived for
taking in the kites the effort proved disas
trous, for all broke away, ;ifter entangling
the lines on chimneys and flagpoles, and
only two were recovered.
Death of an Unknown Man.
The unknown man who tell down the «tept
of a cellar saloon, corner Kenruy and Sacra
mento streets, and fractured his skull, died «t
the Receiving Hospitnl yesterday. The body
was removed to the Morgue, where as inqueit
will be held on Monday.
WAR ON DISEASE GERMS.
Sanitary Reduction Works Filed
Articles of Incorporation
Wednesday.
Crematory and Other Necessary Ap
paratus to Be Erected in a
Short Time.
The articles of incorporation of the Sani
tary Redaction Works of San Francisco
have been filed. The purpose for
which it was formed is to do all imposed
in F. E. Sba.on as grantee of an order
passed by the Supervisors February 17,
1898, by which he was given the sole privi
lege to cremate garbage, house refuse,
dead animals and other effete matter; to
dispose of tno same; to acquire and sell
real estate; to own and erect crematories
and reduction works; to manufacture and
se)l grease, fat, glue, fertilizers, glass,
brick, bone meal and bone charcoal; to
deal in hides, pelts and hair, and generally
to conduct a mercantile business in con
nection with crematories and reduction
works.
The articles of incorporat ion ' specify
tbat the place of business shall be in the
City and County of San Francisco and
that the corporation snail have an exist
ence of fifty years.
The nine directors for tbe first year are
as follows: F. E. Sharon, ex-Mayor El
lert, Henry H. Lynch, superintendent of
construction of the Market-street Ca
ble Company; J. O'Brien Gunn, secretary
of the Union Iron Works; Henry Wads
worth, cashier of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
bank : Andrea Sbarboro, president of the
Italian Swiss Colony ; Dr. Joseph Pescia,
ex-Supervisor and Italian Consul; Paul
Barbie ri and Pietro C. Rossi.
The amount of capital subscribed is
$1,000,000, divided into 100,000 shares at j
$10 each. The amount actually subscribed j
is 450 snares, each director subscribing 1
five. Only a limited amount of stock will i
be placed on the market, as the incorpur- '
ators will keep the rest.
The company will erect a crematory at
once, and in a very short time will put up I
extensive reduction works, the site of
which will probably be in the vicinity of
the present dumps. Eliert has been elected
president and general manager of the
company, and will go East immediately !
to inspect the works in other cities. Sbar
boro i. as been elected secretary.
Under the Sharon franchise this City i
will receive about $7000 a year, or $350 000
for the term of the franchise. This is cal
culated on the present population. Any
way, the financial and sanitary benefit
will be extensive.
As the garbage increases the income of
the City will grow larger, as it gets a nxed
percentage of tbe gross income of the com
pany. The present dumps, it is a notori-
I ous fact, have been a diserace for years
breeding microbes and every sort of disl
ease perms. All the bad smells an-in*
from them will be done away with, it is
confidently expected, as soon as the
crematories are finished.
Socialist Wagon Tour.
t Two socialists left the City yesterday with a
wagon on a speak in? tour * going : north. This
is the fourth wagon party that has gone to the
country in the last ihroo weeks. ; The wagon
is a unique structure ten feet lonn and six
i. Wid ? >conlalni "X • «ovo ana two beds
E n Lux°wni m Of campaign literature
Oliver 1^ 0 th " Stlc of " l)oks a»-« ( '-
U Hi? thi in d ,° \ h l\ »P«»* l »f '"XT Will 6U
until the cml o{ |h« . Uapftjjto. Too ..rcanlga
?n k 1 scctfol " > °f ti»* fioeTalUt Übor part
*«} bj • P^t o« their bitumen. Thrr a ri fur
nished w fih credentials from .ho state k£oou-
Th.W c , col l . h ? 8 «cl»»lst l*bor-tHiriy»
Th« 1ulio?1 ulio ? of liior»tnre from house to
house will be a feature of this tour
3LjCg^mj^Mj^B Opposite Seventh,
pllTpjiTrc
___nf^L*Hi^^aT_yrftff____k. I I I I I |_ %^
ON
DRUGS, PERFUMERY,
PATENT MEDICINES, RUBBER GOODS,
TOILET ARTICLES,
FOE WISES AID LIQUORS, ;
HIGH-GRADE CIGARS.
DO YOU SMOKE?
It's Expensive, But Here's. a Snap:
Belmonts. 12% c size ............ .........cut to 100
La Rosa. 12% c 5ize...... ..-. cut to 10c
Sanchez & Haya, 12J^c size cut to 100
El Telegrapho, size... cut to 100
General Arthur, 10c straight ......cut to 3 for 250
General "Burnside, 10c straight..... cut to 3 for 250
Figaro. Bo straight cut to 6 for 250
King B, 6c straight.. cut to 6 for 250
RETAIL AT WHOLESALE PRICES.
FREE TO m lAN.
The Prescription of a Great Remedy
WHICH CURED HIM AFTER EVERY-
THING ELSIi FAILED.
' Painful diseases are bad enough, bat when a
man Is slowly wasting away with nervous weak-
ness, the mental forebodings are ten times worse
than the most severe pain. There is no let up to
the mental suffering day or night. Sleep is almost
impossible, and under such a strain men are
scarcely responsible for what they da For years
the writer rolled and tossed on the troubled sea of
sexual weakness until it was a question whether
he had not better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troub eg. But provisional Inspiration
came to his aid In the shape of a combination of
medicines that not only completely restored his
general health, but enlarged tils weak, emaciated
parts to natural site and vigor, and he now de-
clares that any man who will take the trouble to
send his name and ; address may have the pre-
scription of this wonderful remedy free. Now
when I say free I mean absolutely without cost,
because I want every weakened man to get the
beuefit of my experience.
I am not a philanthropist, nor do I pose as an
enthusiast, but there are nousands of men stiff
ing the mental tortures of weakened manhood who
| would be cured at once could they but set su h a
reme..y as the one that cured me. Send me your
name and ad • ress to-day. Do not try to Mudy out
how I can afford to pay the few postage stamps
necessary to mail the perscriptlon, but send for
the remedy and learn that there are a few things
on cart -I that although they cost nothing to get
they are worth a fortune, to some men and mean a
lifetime of happiness to most of us. Write to
Thomas slater, to.x 2:583, Kalamasoo, MUh.. and
the prescription^ will be mailed. in a plain scaled
envelope. ■_ ■ .
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
g£ '-GRILL
-*; the ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
IH'KX I Mil. MlllNK.jti
OREATBARfiAnSa^
.,- ' IM ... _ , " ARE
F»OR, DECORATINQ
■» B»CRVBv.H, 30 1 mtnsome feu, Uocm L.