VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 117.
ROSES FOR
THE MAJOR
Pretty Picture Formed by
the Fair Visitors to
Canton.
MOST PATRIOTIC DAY IN
THE CAMPAIGN.
Young Women Representing
Every State Carry Fioral
Tributes to McKinley.
THREE DELEGATIONS MANI-
FEST THEIK LOYALTY.
Men of All Classes Cheer the Next
President for His Championship
of Protection.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept 24.— This was one
of the most picturesque days of the Presi
dential campaign in Canton. There was
abundance of music, flowers and pretty
women. The delegations numbered three
to-aay. The first, composed of miners,
came from West Newton, Pa. Tney ar
rived shortly before noon and had not
gone long before an interesting delegation
from Oil City marched up the streets,
cheered at every step by the enthusiastic
spectators. This delegation came in a
special train composed largely of Pullman
cars, for it contained a large number of
ladies.
The bands, preceded by the Canton
troop of mounted horsemen, headed the
delegation. Then came the McKinley and
Hobart Club and the First Voters' Club of
Oil City and forty-rive pretty young
women, each representing one State ol
the Union, and each carrying a largg bas
ket overflowing with beautiful roses.
From each basket streamers of colored
ribbon bearing the name of the State de
pended.
After tbe girls came a marching dub of
300. A large number of the most promi
nent men of Oil City, with their wives and
daughters, walked in the parade. It was
a remarkable delegation in this respect.
At Major McKinley's a pyramidal stand
ti.ieen f<*ot ingii, twenty feet broad at th*
base and six feet at the apex had been
erected by direction of the Oil City people
and tne great baskets of flowers with their
streaming ribbons were placed upon ii,
forming an apparently solid pyramid of
rose? fifteen feet high. After the speech
making each girl handed her basket of
roses to Major McKinley, who passed
them over to attendants to piace on the
stand. While tbe delegation was waiting
for the speeches rousing cheers for Mrs.
McKinley and Major McKinley's mother
were given.
The third and last delegation was from
Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania. It
was largely composed of miners and glass
workers. The Westmoreland delepaiion
was 3000 strong. It was made up of voters
of Greensbnrg, Scottdale, Latrobe, Ligion
ire, Mammoth and Mount Pleasant, and it
took three special trains to carry it.
Major McKinley was in excellent condi
tion to-day and spoke with much clear
ness and vigor. In response to the spokes
man for the Oil City delegation he said:
This is indeed a very great honor and
tribute to a patriotic and noble cause. My
fellow-citizens, what could be more beautiful
or more inspiring than to have these young
ladies representing every State of the Ameri
can Union on this lawn to-day to testify their
devotion to the principles and purposes and
aspirations of this great Union of States ?
[Great applause.J You come from the great
oii district of Pennsylvania and know better
than 1 can tell you the amazing growth of
your industry.
The system I would favor for the country i*
the system of the fathers — a system which
came in with the Government, a system with
which we have had the highest degree of pros
perity; which seeks the same growth in popu
lation, the same increase in wealth, the same
diffusion of prosperity everywhere that you
have enjoyed in Pennsylvania. [Applause.]
If you will but glance at the census map
showing the proportion of improved and un
improved lands in the United States; if you
will consider for an instant the cause of our
increased population; if you will take into
calculation oar marvelous resources, which
are as yet but little known, I think you will
agree with me that we ought to have a dis
tinct and pronounced industrial and com
niercial policy, genuinely American and thor
oughly patriotic. [Great applause.] Factories
should increase all over this country, and
when the factories increaie mines increase,
and when both increase the home market for
the farmer is improved and his prices are bet
ter. [Great applause aud cries of "That's
right."]
Let as not be disturbed by our production,
bui rather take means of preventing the- under
consumption of American products by pre
serving and enlarging our home market and
extending our foreign markets beyond the
sea. [Applause and cries of "Good, pood."]
Let us continue the policy of Washington
Hamilton, Jefferson, Lincoln, of Grant, Ste
vens of your own State [applause] and Cam
eron, Blnine and Garfield, and the scores of
other distinguished statesmen whose great
services made the greatest and most prosper
ous country of the world. Equal credit could
perhaps be accorded to others than the illus
trious names 1 have mentioned, but greater
distinction none can claim. [Cneers.J Their
first, their nob'.est, their highest aspirations
were for America and Americans. [Renewed
cheering.] We want a better American senti
ment. [Cries of "That's right, major."] We
..ant to cultivate a higher National spiri;.
We want to keep high the American name.
[Applause]
Tiie great men who founded Pennsylvania,
the great men who founded the Government,
the great men who have since sustained it In
war and peace would have revolted at the
thought of repudiation and National dishonor.
[Tremendous cheering.] They would have
looked upou a cheap dollar as only another
form of the inflation heresies which they al
ways steadfastly opposed, and which in the
end would degrade the country. [Applause.]
They time and again denounced free trade,
pointing u> the ill-paid laborers of other coun
tries as conspicuons examples of the wrong
that would be inflicted by the introduction of
Buch an industrial system here. Shah we not
liccU their admonition*? [Criea of "Veal
The San Francisco Call
Uncle Sam— "Ha! ha! Well, I should smile!"
yes!"] We must hold fast to our present ex
cellent financial system which they helped to
establish, and we must restore that splendid
industrial policy which enabled this country
to rapidly, distinctively and undisputedly sur
pass all others. [Great applause.] This can be
done by an overwhelming Republican triumph
at the polls in November, now not six weeks
distant. [Great applause and cries of "It will
be done!"] Men of Oil City and Venango |
County, how will your ballots be cast? [Loud I
cries of "For McKiuley, protection and sound i
money!"]
I am proud that my ancestors came from the
State of "Pennsylvania. [Great cheering.] It
will give me sincere pleasure to meet and greet
all of my fellow-citizens who are assembled
about me, and I am sure it will give Mrs. Me-
Kmley great pleasure to meet the young ladles
who are the bearers of the beautiful flowers,
representing our glorious and unbroken
Union. [Great cheering.]
5 Major McKin ley's address in response
to the remarks of Colonel Huff, spokes
man of . the West Moreland County dele
gation, was as follows:
I thank you one and all for the good cheer
which you bring me to-day. In this contest
old party lines are being more or less effaced |
and patriotic' citizens are coming together i
upon one common/Platform to j sustain- the |
public honor and support . tb« good faith of j
the Government of the United States. [Great
cheering.] This con t st lln seme of its aspects !
is the old yet ever new contest between the i
right and wrong. Standing for the right, as j
we believe, for can there be any doubt that
standing for National honor and National
credit and National currency and the suprem
acy of the law is standing for the right? Can
there be any doubt of that, my fellow-citizens
jof West Mortland County? [Cries of "No,
I never!"] Lincoln said, in one of those great
debates against Douglas: "It is a question
between right and wrong that is the real issue.
That is the issue that will continue in this
country when these poor tongues of ours are
1 silent.' it is the eternal struggle between these
two principles, right and wrong, throughout
the world. They are two principles that have
stood face to face from the beginning of time,
and will ever continue to struggle until the
right shall ultimately triumph."
The sublime principle for which Abraham
Lincoln contended— the limitation of slave
territory and the final abolition of slavery It
self—did triumph most gloriously, to the satis
faction -evidently, of every patriotic citizen
both North , and South. . We are confronted
this year with a question of not mere partisan
difference, but with a great moral principle.
What is the proposition gravely presented to
us? Both of the groat political parties of this
country have at different times, the Repub
lican and Democratic, in the most deliberate
and binding manner, placed upon the statute
books of the United States the expressed
declaration that "all our money, whether gold,
silver or paper, shall be kept equal in value by
every resort at the command of the Govern
ment." [Tremendous cheering.] ,
In opposition to this formal, legal and bind
ing declaration there are those who propose,
to deliberately annul that solemn contract —
by lawful means, it is tiae-but without pre
tense or intention to make good the loss it
j would tail, upon any citizen or provision
whatever for the great depreciation j it would
occasion to every holder -of our Government
securities or the just claims of our pensioners
and other honest creditors. \ The proposition
they make is to put this country upon a sole
monetary basis ' and* that monetary basis a
silver one. resting on a depreciated and depre
ciating coin, a coin fluctuating in value from
day to day. And what will be the result? It
will drive j from circulation or ) impair the
value of all the other money of the country,
for it must be remembered that the nations of
the world which are 'on a silver basis use no
gold and the nation's that are on a gold basis
use silver. [Applause.] If the: suggestion is
made that this course involves the good faith
and nonor of the Government . and would for
the first time cause a., partial repudiation of
our just obligations, the answer is made | that
our creditors should .expect nothing better,
and that they have aright to. expect- nothing
better. They have a right to expect nothing
of the sort from the Government of the United
States, that never repudiated a debt it made.
[Applause.] -' ■ -: . ■• :i • ; -
To my mind the.question involves.a distinct
issue between right and wrong, between honor
and dishonor ; and I believe it will •on reflec
tion be so considered by an .overwhelming ma
jority of American voters on the 3d of Novem
ber next. [Tremendous applause arid f cheer-
Ing.] We cannot afford to trifle : about a mat
ter bo serious and vital to our standing and
welfare as a people; and I appeal to you, fel
low-citizens of West Moreland County, and all
who love our country and our institutions to
rise in their might and defeat this unworthy
appeal : by such vast majority bs will put it
to rest forever. [Applause and cries of '-We
will."]
The first speech of the day was the
shortest. It was made in response to the
remarks of W. S. Van Dyke, who spoke
for a delegation of miners from West New
ton. Major McKinley devoted his re
marks mainly to. the tariff.
t. '.- — . ' ♦
CERTAIN OF SUCCESS.
Republican Zeadera Say the Battle for
' .'JUcKinlejf'Jfn'oti.
; CHICAGO, 111./ S"pt. 24.— While the
campaign leaders at Republican National
headquarters do not want 'lie impression
to get amonc the party workers that the
political fight is practically, won, for fear
of a relaxation of effort, there* is a settled
conviction in the minds of such old cam
SAN FRANCISCO, FIttDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
paigners as Payne, Durbin, Cummins and
Hahn that if the people went to the polls
to-day Mr. Bryan would be beaten by an
immense majority. These leaders talked
j to-day to a reporter for the United Asso
ciated Presses in a tone of supreme confi
dence and a 6 if a load of anxiety and doubt
had beeu lifted from their shoulders by
I tbe latest news from the field.
Acting Chairman Payne said: "We are
ready to go to tbe polls now p.nd we can
hold our own for the next six weeks. In
Wisconsin it is not considered respectable
any more to be a Bryan man. Mr. Bryan
has killed himself by talking.
"His talk has made tbe sensible and con
servative citizens afraid to vote for him,
although they may not like the Repub
lican platform. Tbe intelligent people
will no longer read tbe vaporings ot
Bryan. His party has gone to the dogs.
They are doing nothing to win votes or
keep them. We have men out whose bu«i
-nesß it is to report what the Democrats are
doing, and they cannot nnd anything but
masterly inactivity. I have just received
I the resuHof the second poll taKen by our
| agents in South Dakota. It shows the
■ Republican parly has gained over 6000 of
j the votes which were doubtful when tbe
I first poll was taken and that the Demo
i cratic vote has decreased in that time
j This is an indication of the general im
provement of tfce Western situation
within the last few weeks. A poll was re
cently taken in Winnebago County and it
showed 3000 plurality for McKinley, a big
increase over two years ago."
Major Hahn said: "There ha* been a
big change among the Western voters
within the last two weeks, more so within
the last week, and I am now firmly con
vinced that the result ,in November in
what are now considered doubtful States
will surprise our most sanguine party
leaders. My reports are only partly based
on information received from the 275 Na
tional Committee speakers now in the
field."
Senator Burrows - came in from Michi
gan, which tie declares with confidence
will give 50,000 plurality for McKinley.
Ex- Congressman Roswell G. Horr of
New York came in from an extensive
Western tour, and his only doubt is about
Kansas, which he admitted will be hard
fighting-ground to the end of the cam
paign.
Beginning October 5 Senator Foraker
will make two speeches each in lowa, Ne
braska and Kansas. . ■
*
CUDAHY GETTING A CORNER
Ho! da Twenty- Fire Million Bushel* of
December Wheat.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 24.— December
wheat began to take an upward turn on
the Chicago Board of Trade ' to-day, and j
John Cudahy, the credited holder of
nearly all of 'the contract wheat for De
cember delivery, .is reported to have a
deep-laid scheme to keep the stuff until
the dollar mark is reached. . He is said to
hold at least 25,000,000 bushels. . There
was a jump of 1% cents in the market to
day, from 65 to 66% cents, but later in the
session the price declined to 64% cents
and closed at 65% cents. The -. demand
from the short interest, however, con
tinued unabated to the tap of the gong.
The market was partly influenced by the j
cable quotations, recording higher prices
and steadily increasing demand. ! The cry
of short crops in Europe has been backed
up by higher prices there and messages
from Russia containing ■ the word
"famine." Tien there is an unusually low,
aggregate in this country's yield. The j
well-informed ■' here believe Cudahy has I
utilized his recent good fortune to get a |
grip on December wheat which < comes !
dangerously near the "corner" line."
John R. Gentry, the Swiftest Pacer in the World, Who Lowered
His Own Record Yesterday From 2:OJ J-2 to 2:00 J-2.
NEARS THE TWO
MINUTE MARK
John R Gentry Paces the
Fastest Mile Ever Made
in Harness.
CUTS OFF ONE SECOND.
Now the World's Record Goe»
Down From 2:01 i-Jf
to 2:00 12
ANDREWS' SWIFTEST DRIVE.
It Is Hard Work for the Running
Pacemaker to Keep Up With
the Great Pacer.
PORTLAND. Me., Sf»pt. 24.— T0-day
was an eventful day for Rigby, because
: tbe world's pacing record was broken by
| John R. Gentry, the magnificent horse
' pacing tbe fastest mile ever made in har-
I ness and placing the world's record at
i only half a second over two minutes, or
■ 2:00%. Gentry was roundly applauded
: when he appeared on the track for tiis
i great trial of speed. The air was chilly
ard a light northwesterly breeze blew up
the homestretch. His record before
starting was 2:ol}£, which he made Sep
tember 8 at Glen Fails, N. V., in the sec
ond heat of a race with Star Pointer. An
drews had given Gentry two warming-up
miles, and it was nearly sunset when he
was ready to start for the eventful mile.
Andrews rode his sulky easily, with an
air of confidence, but among the specta
tors there were very few who believed that
the record would oe lowered so near the
twig-minute mark.
A runner appeared with Gentry, to pace
him. After scoring twice, Andrews came
; down to the wire to begin the fastest mile
j ever accomplished by a horse in harness.
! The crowd cheered as he approached the
startinc point.
"Go!" shouted Starter Culbertson, and
hundreds of watches caught the pacer at
the start. The runner's nose was within
two feet of Gentry's as they made the first
turn. In the stretch Gentry was going
gracefully and steadily, getting over the
ground in good shape, and the runner had
to work hard to keep up. The first quarter
was given by the judges as mace in '_'!•>;
seconds. People began to wonder when
the half-mile was finished in 59]4 seconds
I and to look for a two-rainnte pace. At
I this point the runner's driver was using
the whip and making a great effort, and
succeeded in keeping at the wheel of
Gentry's sulky.
The third quarter was reeled off in :309£.
making the time at the three-quarter post
I 1:30>4. This was great going, and now
' came the last quarter and homestretch.
', As the horses turned into the homestretch
I and caught the wind in their teeth the
crowd began to shout and hurrah, and
Andrews shouted encouragingly to his
horse. The runner's driver also urged his
horse and used the whip.
All this nerved the pacer to a supreme
effort and he made the last quarter quicker
than the third quarter, doing it in 30}^
seconds, thus covering his mile in 2:oo}£.
This was a whole second less than his
former record, which had never been sur
passed by any horse and only equalled by
Robert J (2:01}^), in 1895, at Terre Haute.
MILLIONS FOR CHARITY.
Most of Philanthropist Pratt** Eitat*
Left to Beneficent 2n*titutiont.
NEW YORK., N. V., Sept. 24.— Enoch
Pratt, the millionaire and philanthropist,
recently deceased, left $2,000,000 to chari
ties. The will waa filed for probate in the
Orphans' Court yesterday, and it is. esti
mated the estate is worth $3,000,000.
After bequests amounting to over half a
million dollars Mr. Pratt leavo? the resi
due of bis estate, upward of $2,000,000, to
the trustees of the Shepherd Asylum, with
the stipulation that the name be changed
to the Shepherd and Enoch Hospital.
Should the trustees fail to obtain an act
of the Legislature by which tbe charter of
the institution is so amended tbe residue
of tbe estate is to be equally divided
among the testator's six nieces and
nephews.
Mr. Pratt left to his wife $400,000 in
bonds and his city residence, the iatter, at
her death, to become a part of the residue
of the estate. The two statues, the "Shep
herd Boy" and "Uampaspe," by Bartholo
mew, are, after Mrs. Pratt's death, to go
to the Peabody in>titute.
Five thousand dollars is left in trust for
the Congregational church and society of
Titticut a? North Middleborougb, Mass.,
and $10,000 as an endowment fund for tbe
public library of tbe same town. Ten
thousand dollars is given to the Boys'
Home of Baltimore.
SMALL RIOT ON A RAILROAD.
Officers Guard the Switches in the Elk-
horn (Ntbr.) Yards to Prevent
Train- Wrecking.
CHADRON, Nebr., Sept. 24.— There was
a small riot on the Eikhorn Railroad at
this place last night. Half a dozen men
employed in the yards became intoxicated,
threatened the lives of local railroad of
ficials, and are reported to have attempted
to obtain control of the switches, intend
ing to derail incoming trains. City Mar
shal Morrissey patrolled in the yards on
re switch-engine all night, and was com
pelled to swear in eight or ten special po
licemen in order to maintain peace and
prevent the men doing damage to railroad
property. Those who nre known to have
taken part in tbe riot were discharged
from the railroad to-day. The matter is
being investigated, and it is believed sev
eral others will be discharged soon.
ONE HUNDRED MONKS MURDERED.
Many of the Victims of the Philippine Insur-
gents Tortured in a Horrible
Manner.
MADRID. Spain, Sept. 24.— A dispatch
to the Imparcial from Hongkong says
that steamers which have arrived there
from Manila, the capital of the Philippine
Island?, bring the announcement that
Cavite is occupied by 15,000 insurgents.
Nearly 100 monks have been murdered in
the islands since the breaking out of the
insurrection.
Many of the victims have been fastened
to trees, their clothing having been soaked
with oil and then ignited and burned to
death. Rich natives are being arrested
daily. Documents have been seized by
the authorities in which are given the
names of the president and various other
officials of the proposed republic.
ONE VESSEL FOR JAPAN,
The Union Iron Works to Get
Another Big Ship-Build-'
ing Contract
Plans Submitted by the Scotts Are
Superior to Those Prepared by
the Crimps.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 24.— The
Union Iron Works will get another big
ship-building contract. It is practically
settled that the Scotts will secure the con
tract for one of the new Japanese cruisers.
The two Japanese naval constructors who
have been in Washington for some time
past to examine plans and specifications
for the two new ships which the imperial
Government contemplates building have,
it is understood, approved the proposals
submitted by the Union Iron Works and
the Cramps of Philadelphia, and in their
report to the home Government recom
mend the construction of the two ships in
this country. The plans submitted by the
Pacific Coast firm were much more per
fect and in greater detail than those
offered by the Messrs. Cramps, and the
Japanese representatives now in the
city have inaue the Acceptance of the
bid of the latter firm contingent upon their
willingness to build the vessel upon tbe
plans submitted by the Union Iron Works
in case the contract is awarded them for
one of tbe new ships. The Cramps are
quite willing to do this, as they are anx
ious to get the contract for building one of
the vessels. The formal award of the con
tract will not be made until the Japanese
Naval Office has passed upon the report of
the Japanese naval constructors who wtre
sent to this country to examine plans and
secure bids. There is little doubt at the
Japanese legation, however, that their
recommendation will be adopted by the
home Government.
The cruisers will be of about 5000 tons
displacement, and will have a speed of
about 22 knots. They will be a little
smaller than the Oiympia, built by the
Union Iron Works, but will, be somewhat
on the lines of that ship.
Investigation of Missouri Railroad*.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept 24.— The Inter
state Commerce Commissioners and the
leading tariff officials of the Cbicaero-Mis
souri River lines left last evening for Kan
sas City, where the Interstate Commission
will start another investigation to-day
with a view of getting further informa
tion as regards alleged violations of the
interstate commerce law by the Missouri
River lines.
FIVE STRONG NOMINATIONS.
Able Men Put Up by the
Regular Republican
Party.
A. C WIDBER NAMED FOR
TREASURER.
Webster Selected for Superinten
dent of Schools After a
Close Contest.
HOW HORACE DAVIS REPUDIATED
THE TRAITORS.
George W. Elder Nominated for Superintendent of
Streets — The Platform Adopted by the Con
vention Willingly Indorsed by
Each Candidate.
For Treasurer— A. C. Wldber. T
For Superintendent of Streets— George
W. Klder.
For City and County Attorney — John
R Aitken.
For Surveyor— Charles S. Tilton.
lor Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion—Reginald H. Webster.
Five nominations, as above, were made
by the regular Republican Convention of
the City and County of San Francisco at
the session held last night at the Audi
torium.
Interest and enthusiasm in the work ot
the convention of the regular Republican
GEORGE W. ELDER, Republican Nominee for Superintendent of
Streets*
party of the City and Connty of San Fran
cisco was largely augmented Jast night by
the news that spread like wildfire during
the afternoon, that Horace Davis bad re
pudiated the would-be betrayers of the
party, and had resigned as the nominee
for Mayor of the Kelly-Rainey combina
tion.
It' was even rumored last night that
Henry S. Martin, the nominee of the dis
ruptionists for Treasurer, was strongly
considering the advisability of following
the example of Mr. Davis. It is known
that he accented the nomination only on
tbe understanding that harmony was to
be restored in the ranks of the Republican
party of this City by the elimination of
tbe Rainey influence from the Kelly
faction.
As the situation now exists those Re
publicans who were deceived into lending
their prestige to the rule-or- ruin element
are fast deserting tha wrecked and fast
sinking craft which the professional deal
ere in pubiic offices and trusts are des
perately trying to keep afloat. Recent
developments have but too glaringly
shown the false pretenses under which
these individuals have been operating and
their utter and innate lack of power,
purity and patriotism.
That they are on their last legs is shown
by their desire, conveyed last night to the
Auditorium convention, to hold a con
ference with the regulars for the purpose
of being received into the true faith and
fold of Republicanism.
That the regulars, however, place
neither reliance on tbe protestations of
Martin Kelly that he desires to serve the
Republican party nor value on his ability
to aid in securing party success was em
phatically recorded Tvhen Chairman
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Riordan, in announcing the fact that over
tures for a conference had again been
made by the owners. and manipulators of
the B'nai B'ritb Hall assemblage, said
that he did not think the Republicans de
sired to have anything to do with traitors
and mischief-makers. Tne delegates bore
out his sentiment by entirely ignoring the
communication and proceeding with the
business of making nominations.
There was not even standing room in
either tbe auditorium or the galleries when
the delegates were requested to take their
seatsfbv Chairman Kioraan. Business waa
promptly taken up, and lor two hours the
proceedings held the audience with un
abated interest. There was eloquence and
entnusiasm without stint, and several very
exciting contests for the honor of receiy-
ing nominations at the hands of the con
vention.
A. C. Widlier was nominated by acclam
ation for the office of Treasurer, and
Charles S. Til ton received the same dis
tinction in connection with the Surveyor
ship.
i?or Superintendent of Streets there were
three candidates— Georgp W. Elder, George
P. Wetmore and Isaac P. Kincaid. After
the balloting had proceeced as far as the
Thirty-third District, Wetmore's name
was withdrawn, and Elder came out
triumphant with plenty of votes to spare.
For City and County Attorney John R.
Aitken and Ernest A. Wakeman were
placed in the race by their friends, and
the former proved the victor.
The most exciting contest arose over the
nomination for Superintendent of Pubho
Instruction. There were two exceedingly
popu'ar candidates for the honor — Regi
nald H Webster, the head of the mathe
matical department of the Polytechnic;
High School, and Madison Babcock, the
incumbent of the office. The ballot re
sulted in 130 votes for Webster and 112 for
Babcock. >
Several attempts were made early in the
proceedings by the "push" of tbe "'fakirs,"
who hold forth in B'nai B'rith Hall, to
create a disturbance, but they were
promptly taken care of and thereafter
held their peace. Tne business of the con
vention will be continued to-ni.'ht, when
among other things the committee ap
pointed last night to select candidates for
members of the Board of Education will
make its report.
THE PROCEEDINGS.
The Ticket Completed as Far as
the Superintendent of
Schools.
It was but a few minutes past 8 o'clock2
A. C WIDBER, Republican Nominee for Treasurer.
when Chairman Riordan called the dele
gates to order. On motion the reading of
the minutes of the previous night's ses
fcion was dispensed with.
O.i motion of Robert Ash it was decided
ttiat the chair appoint a committee of ten
to select suitable candidates for members
of the Board of Education, that the chair
man be made a member of this committee
and that the committee report to the con
vention to-day.
dominations for Treasurer were declared
in order, and John H. Durst took the
platform to nominate a candidate.
Dum was welcomed with applause.
He said that tjie man whom he would
name for Treasurer is one of whom the
party might be proud. The office is one
which must be rilled by a man of honesty
and integrity, and, above all, who pos
sesses thf confidence of the community.
The office was one of the most important
to be consideied by the convention. The
revenues of the County amount to be
tween $2,000,000 and $3,000,000 per annum.
The Treasurer must give a bond of $200,000.
It would naturally he supposed that only
a rich man can qualify for this office, but
this Is not so. The man he would name
had before qualified, and he had the con
fidence of the community. Mr. Durst
said that while the convention had gone
abroad lor nominees, he would now name
a native ton, the incumbent, A. C. Wid
ber. Mr. Durst dosed with a tribute to
Mr. Widber's acts in office, and said that
the result of November would ratify tiie
choice of the convention.
At the conclusion of Mr. Durst's nomi
nating speech Chairman Riordan said:
"I forgot to mention, in view of the fact
that many may not have read the evening
papers, that the Hon. Horace Davis, prob
ably recognizing toe fact that this is the
only Republican convention [Applause]
of the City and County of San Francisco,
sent his resignation to the so-called Re
publican convention created and operated
by Mahoney and Kelly in the interests of
the Democratic faction bossed by Sam
Kainey." [Applause.]
Frank H. Powers seconded the nomina
tion of Mr. Widber in a brief but effective
speech, saying that if Widber be placed
back again the public will have a man in
whom confidence may be placed. :
The nominations ■were closed, and Mr.
■\Vidber took the stage and was applauded
vigorously. Chairman Riordan intro
duced him as the next City and County
Treasurer.
Mr. Widber spoke briefly, sayine sub
stantially as follows:
"I have read your platform. I indorse
it, and X will do the best I can to elect
your ticket. Should I be elected I will
try to conduct the oilke economically and
as in the pa.-;."
The nomination of Mj. Widber was then
made unanimous by acclamation.
When nominations for Superintendent
C S. TILTON, Republican Candidate for City and County Surveyor*
of Streets were declared in order, Martin
Stevens ascended the platform, and in the
firr-t lew words named his candidate. He
spulce as follows:
"Why should Georce W. Elder be elected
Superintendent of Streets?"
At this point some Mahoney heelers in
thu gallery attempted to create a disturb
ance, but were promptly suppressed.
"If for no other reason, then because he
has made enemies such as have just shown
tlieir enmity to him," continued Mr.
Stevens, "and the people love him for the
enemies he has made.
"Because with the blade of investigation
he smote the Democratic incumbent of the
office to_ which I have the honor of nomin
ating him from head to toe. Because, as
the expert of the Committee of S'.reets, of
which Supervisor Adolph Spreckels is
chairman, he succeeded in showing that
over $400,000 worth of rotten work had
been done, and in having it rejected.
"He is the friend of the property-owner,
and thb friend of the poor man, and he
comes here to pledge himself that there
will be no rotten work done while he is in
oflice."
Here the Mahoney-Kelly stuffers again
essayed to make an unseemly display of
themselves, but their efforts were as weak
and futile as those of their employers to
disrupt the Republican party. Paying not
the slightest heed to them, Mr. Stevens
continued as follows:
"If thieving contractors have placed
their hirelings here to-night, I say be
vare if Elder be elected 1 He has got them
on the run and he is going to keep them
rauaing.
"Mr. Elder has the support of all the
improvement clubs of the City and he has
the support of all the wheelmen. He is
in continual receipt of commendatory and
eulogistic communications for the good
work he has accomplished. The people
want this man, and the people demand
this man at the hands of this convention.
The people are at last receiving their
dues."
J. H. llarney of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District seconded the nomination
of George W. Elder, saying that he is effi
cient, and that in him the public would
have an honest official.
W. H. Allen nominated "that genial
neighbor, tuat magnificent citizen," Isaac
P. Kincaid.
James A. Stevens seconded the nomina
tion of Kincaid.
Henry Jacob of the Thirty-eighth Dis
trict nominated George P. Wetmore. The
nomination was seconded from the floor
and the nominations were then closed.
George W. Elder took the stage and
said :
"I heartily indorse the platform and if
nominated by this convention I will do
the best I can to get elected, and if I do not
receive the nomination I will do the best
I can to secure the election of the nomi
nee."
Mr. Kincaid also addressed the conven
tion. He said that he had honestly sought
the nomination for this office. If nomi
nated and elected he would conduct the
affairs of the office so that no one would
regret the nomination. He approved of
the platform.
The ballot was then proceeded with and
resulted as follows: Elder 192, Kincaid
49. Wetmore's name was withdrawn after
tne ballot proceeded as far as the Thirty
third District.
On motion the nomination of George W.
Elder was made unanimous.
The nomination of City and County At
torney was then taken up.
Lincoln Savage nominated Judge John
R. Aitken. General Salomon seconded
the nomination of Aitken.
Frank H. Powers nominated Ernest A.
WaKeman. W. H. Schuler of the Forty
first District seconded the nomination of
Wateman.
The nominations were then closed.
Judge Aitken and Edgar L. Wakpman
both addressed the convention, indorsing
the platform and promising to give the
City good service if nominated and elected.
The roU was then called and resulted as
follows: Ait Ken 194, Wakeman 48. The
nomination oi Aitken was then made
unanimous.
The City and County Surveyor was next
nominated.
Maurice L. Asher of the Thirty-ninth
Assembly District named Charles S. Til
ton. Saniuel Guthrie of the Forty-first
District seconded the nomination of Til
ton. The nominations were then closed.
Mr. Tilton said: "I will make a very
short speech. I have read your platform
and indorse it."
Mr. Tilton got three cheers from the
delegates and was declared the unanimous
choice of the convention.
For Superintendent of Public Instruc
tion P. A. Bergerot of the Thirty-eighth
District named Reginald H. Webster,
principal of the mathematical department
of the Polytechnic High School.
Robert Ash named the incumbent, Su
perintendent Madison BabcocK, and Frank
H. Powers seconded the nomination.
Hugh W. Fraser of the Forty-third Dis
trict seconded tbe nomination of Webster.
Mr. Webster made a short speech, Bay
ing that hb had been a lifelong Repub
lican and promising to do his best for the
success of the ticket and indorsing the
platform.
Madison Babcock said be was glad to
get an opportunity to look the regular
Republican convention of San Francisco
in the face. He was glad to congratulate
the chairman upon presiding over the reg
ular Republican convention, and also
congratulated the convention on the plat
form, which he indorsed. This was the
only convention from which he bad sought
or expected a nomination. He would
stand or fall with the nominees of this
convention. HU record with the School
Department was an open book. He had
been devoted to tbe work And his ambi
tion was to keep the schools up to the
highest possible standard. He would
preserve that record if he should be
; elected.
At this point Mr. Riordan made some
remarks in reference to the action of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
so-called convention at B'nai B'rith Hall,
which; had adjourned, he was informed,
and desired to have a conference with this
convention. This is the only convention
which derives its. authority from the
County Committee. He did not, believe
that : any Congressional convention ever
had the : power to call . a municipal con
vention, and it takes the ingenuity of A.
Reuf to find authority lor it. He did not
think that this convention wished to con
fer with the so-called convention of B'nai
B'rith Hall, for this* is the only regular
Repuolican convention of the City and
County of San Francisco. [Cheers and ap
plause.] . .•-..-. . ' ■'
Therollcall for Superintendent of Public
Instruction was then called. ' During the
rollcall votes were changed from Webster
to Babcock. but Webster was nominated
by the majority vote, which was as fol
lows: Webster 130, Babcock 112. The
nomination of Webster made unani
mous. The convention then adjourned
until 8 o'clock to-night, v
• ■
MR. SPRECKELS' POSITION.
Always Favored Harmony and Held
Out tho Olive Branch.
John D. Spreckels was seen yesterday by
a Call reporter and interviewed with
reference to the local political situation
and the rumors which have been flying
around for several days respecting a com
promise with the "Irregulars." In re
sponse to a question as to his personal
feelings upon the subject, Mr. Spreckels
said:
"I have been from the very beginning of
this campaign in favor of harmony within
the ranks of the Republican party, and 1
have at various times iield out the ciive
branch to those who lave been held re
sponsible for any discord which exists in
the local organization. I favored the
withdrawal of Mr. Montague from the
LORENZO A. HENRY, Republican Candidate for the Assembly
in the Forty-Second District.
electoral t'eket in the hone of ending the
dissensions among the Republicans of the
Fourth Congressional District, and I also
advised that Mr. O'Bnea be conceded the
nomination for Congress from that dis
trict with the same object in view.
"For the past several days I have been
repeatedly seen by certain of the leaders
of the 'Irregulars' and liHve at all times
declared it to be my earnest desire to har
monize the lochl party by any reasonable
concession to them. I believed and I now
believe that it was my duty as a member
of the National Republican Committee to
have our party present a united front to
the enemy in this campaign. I think,
however, that tbe only way to bring about
harmony within the puny is for all fac
tions to come together beneath the banner
of the regular and legal party organiza
tion. To attempt to harmonize conflicting
elements upon any other basis would, in
my judgment, result only in the disrup
tion and disorganization of the party. I
have, therefore, refuse-! to consider any
scheAe for promoting party harmony
which did not embrace the recognition of
the legality of the County Committee and
the regularity of the convention which it
has called.
"The Republicans of San Francisco
should consider that the convention now
in session at tbe Auditorium is by every
party usaee the regular Republican Con
vention of this Citj'. Its powers are de
rived by resular and orderly descent trom
the Republican party organization of the
last campaign. Nobody has ever ques
tioned the legality of the County Central
Committee which called it. Even the
irreeulars are compelled to concede that
the County Central Committee was the
only authorized and legal representative
of the local party at tlia beginning of the
campaign, because they trace their own
claim of title oacfc to it.
"The action of the St. Louis Convention
in issuing its credential? to Messrs. Spear
and Kowalsfcy could not interfere in any
way with the rights and powers of the
County Committee, ami the claims that
the National Convention did so interfere
is an absurdity. I have opposed and I
shall oppose every factional effort to di
vide the Republican party and destroy its
organization. I believe in party organi
zation. I tiiini that icyal submission to
it is the only way to win victories for the
party, and that every attempt to destroy
ft brings disaster and defeat.
"I am a tirm believer in the mainte-
REGINALD WEBSTER, Nomi
nee for Superintendent of Public
Instruction.
nunce of party discipline as a requisite to
success; but I am an opponent of what is
known as bosses and bossism in politics.
I do not believe in encouraging men who
are in politics for what they can make out
of it, by giving them control of the organ
ization. I think tuat the only way to
avoid the control of sucn bosses is by ure
ing upon all good citizens that it is their
duty to engage in local politics, become
members of committees, take part in pri
maries, accent offices, and stand together
in the interests of honest politics.
"Holding these views, 1 have interested
myself actively in the politics of this City,
and both as a private citizen and as a
member of tbe National Committee of my
party I am working earnestly and ardu
ously for the selection of honest men for
the local offices and tha success of both
the local and National ticket in the com
ing election. lam aware that those who
are apparently more interested in discord
than in harmony within the Republican
party bave endeavored to misrepresent
my views and my position upon these
subjects, but I do not intend that such
efforts shall meet with success. Neither
do I believe that the honest Republicans
of this City will be misled by the asser
tions of persons and of newspapers who
would rejoice in our party's defeat."
The Forty-Second's Choice.
Lorenzo Henry, the Republican nomi
nee of the Forty-second Assembly Dis
trict for the Assembly, is a young man
who commands influence in
his district. A better man could hardly
be chosen for the position, for Mr. Henry
has a good, clean record that must appeal
to all citizens desiring honest government.
That nis candidacy will appeal to the
workingmen of his district \% a settled fact
because Mr. Henry understands the d ig
nity of Jabor and has been prominently
identified with trades unionism ever since
he was able to work for himself.
He was born in Sun Francisco thirty
seven years ago and has lived in the
Forty-second District about twenty-five
years and aiways taken an active part in
Republican politics there for the past
seventeen years. At present he is secre
tary of District Club No. 2. ol which T. P.
Riordan, chairman of the Regular Re.
publican Convention, is president.
Mr. Henry is foreman of the pressroom
of George Spaulding & Co.'s printing
establishment and a cnarter member of
Pressmen's Union No. 24, which was or
canized over a decade aeo.
WOMAN REPUBLICANS.
Several Strong Addresses Made at
a Meeting- Last Night.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club held an enthustastic meeting last
night in Justice of the Peace Groezinger's
courtroom.
A delegation consisting of Mrs. Wells
and Mrs. Wilson from the Woman's Re
publican Club of Oakland was present, and
each delivered a brief address upon the
progress of the work in the city across the
bay.
Addresses were also delivered on ques
tions of the hour by Mrs. Bailey. Mrs.
Spencer, Mrs. Budd, Dr. Frances Tread
well, Frank Slcßeth, T. Squires and John
Berg. Mrs. Beve-ley and Miss Ella Ellis
sang campaign songs and W. Kelly de
livered a recitation.
It was announced that the clnb had
formed a drill corps with a large member
ship.
Swedish-American Meeting.
The Sweaish-Americaa Political Club
held a mass-meeting Wednesday evening
at its headquarters at 909 Market street.
About 300 Swedish citizens listened to the
speakers who addressed the audience.
Oliver Olson and W. Peck spoke ot the
National questions, and urged every citi-
« n J? T ote for the Republican nominees,
McKinley and Hobart, in order to be re^
stored to prosperity. Messrs. Dohrmann
and ireud, from the Merchants' Associa
tion, made speeches on the new charter.
Will Receive Nominations.
The secretary of the Democratic conven
tion wiil be in attendance on Friday and
Saturday evenings, between the hours of
7:30 and 9:30, and Monday afternoon next
at the headquarters. Flood Duildinz
Fourth and Market streets, rooms 22 and
2-S, lor the purpose of receiving nomina
tions for tbe Board of Supervisors and
•Board of Education.
McKinley Club's Diversion.
The younger members of tbe McKinley
Club have organized a drill corps for the
campaign. They have completed arrange
ments for an entertainment and ball, to be
given next Saturday evening at Saratoga
■Hall ana secured a fine array of talent for
the entertainment and also a splendid or
chestra for the ball. Tite members are
Vf r °i' the * act tnat theirs is the first
McKinley club organized in America.
The Ohio Club.
me unio Republican Club of Ban Fran
cisco will hold its first open meeting at
Union-square Hall, 421 Post street, to
morrow evening. Exercises will begin
promptly at 8 o'clock. Colonel J. P. Jack
son, president of the club, Alex Badlam
an d other prominent speakers, natives of
the State of Ohio, will deliver addresses.
Warfl an Explanation.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 24. -The West
Berkeley Republican Club held a beated
discussion last night concerning its dele
gates to the recent convention in Alameda,
who failed to snpport the club's candidate
for the Assembly. A resolution was
passed demanding of J. jf, Teague his
T? ai £ n fcr treakins his pledge to support
H. W. Taylor.
A resolution was also passed formally
inviting the various Republican candidates
from the district to attend the meetine of
the club to be held on next Wednesday
evening.
FAKIRS FOLDED
THEIR TENTS
Played to Empty Benches
and Retired Poor
in Purse.
MR. KELLY'S SIDESHOW
Horace Davis Declined His
Nomination for the
Mayoralty.
OTHERS WOULD FOLLOW SUIT
No Nominations Were Mads Last
Night and the Occasicn Was
Turned Into a Wake.
SAX FRANCISCO, Sept. 34, 1896.
H. P. SONNTAG ESQ., Chairman of
Convention — My Dear Sir: Yo& will re
meinbor that in our conversation re
garding the Republican nomination for
Mayor I said I should be glad to run if
I could unite the two wings so that
locally we could present a solid front
for the great National issue in No
vember.
It is very evident from the events of
last evening that this cannot be done,
and it only remains for me to decline
the nomination; and in doing so I ask
you to thank your friends for their
generous confidence In me.
Regretting the continuance of this un
happy quarrel. I remain, with great re
spect, yours very truly,
HORACE DAVIS.
Martin Kelly's side show canvas col
lapsed last night, and his supernumeraries
and Heavy Villian Kuef, Mercutio Kowal
sky. Walking Gentleman Bonntag and
Micawber Mahoney, crawled out from un
der the ruins in a very limp and utterly
demoralized condition.
Nobody would attend their show.
Horace Davis refused to occupy the
Mayor's box, although he bad received a
complimentary ticket, and no one else
would accept a second-hand ticket, so that
there was no one of respectability who
cared to run the risk attendant upon be
ing found among the seedy and office
hungry patrons of the variety 10-cent
show.
It was of no use to continue nominating
people who would not accept office at the
hands of the fakirs. The prospective can
didates probably had in their mind's eye
the Webbter Dictionary definition:
Fakir, Faquir— Others -wander about in
companies telling fortunes, and these are said
io be arrant villaim.
People did not want to have their politi
cal fortunes told by the B'nai B'rith Hall
aggregation . of misfit talent out of a job,
and that is why the hall was as gloomy as
a morgue last night. .
Kelly and Mahoney looked down In the
mouth, Colonel Kowalsky's boutonniere
lent "the tender grace of a day that is
dead" to a countenance, -which usually of
sunny hue, was now clouded with sad*
ness. :' ..-., ;'; \ . . ..... . ■ ;V. .
The "push" did not look very pushing
last night. They wore crape on their faces
out sof sympathy for : their : leaders politi
cally dead.
The declination of Horace Davis was
supplemented by a request from Major
McLauchiin, chairman of the Republican
State Central Committee, that Mr. Kelly
i should not make any nominations, but
1 that he should adjourn and call upon the
major at 11 o'clock this morning and ex
plain, ii ; he could, whether he was politi
cal! alive, and if so, why ?
The major did not couch his request in
those words, but the crowd acted as
though he had, and they came off the
Ruef and adjourned without having trans
acted any business whatever. *
Chairman Sonn tag's reply to Major Me-
Laughlin's request is embodied in the
following letter addressed to the chairman
of the Regular Republican County Con
vention:
Headquarters "*
• Republican State Central Committee
of California, . i.
Rooms 166-169, Palace Hotel. |
Ban Francisco, Sept. 24. 1896. J
Hon. Thomas D. Riordan, Chairman, City— My
DhAR Sir: The following is a copy of a letter
which I have just received:
Hon. Frank McZantghlin, Chairman . Republican
State Committee— l>kak sir: We are in receipt of
your courteous communication requesting that i tie
Republican Municipal Convention, presided over
by me, appoint representatives to confer with you
as chairman of the Republican State committee
to-morrow (Friday) morning at 11 o'clock In the
Interest of Republican union and success and with
a view to securing harmony and unity in the ranks
ot the Republican party In San Francisco: and to
that end further supermini: that we defer other
action by our convention and adjourn our meeting
this evening without making other nominations.
We are, as we always have been, so desirous of
the success of the National Republican ticket and
our party principles Involved in this campaign
that we cheerfully accede to your request. We
beg to present to you our assurance t nut our con
vention will adjonrn this evening without further
action or : nomination and that representatives
will be named, as requested, to meet you at the
hour by you designated and above named. Very
respectfully, Uxnby Jr. Sonxtaq, Chairman.-
--I ask your careful consideration of Mr. Soon
tag's letter and request that the convention
over which you have the honor to preside will
also adjourn temporarily until such time as I
can have a conference with the representa
tives of both conventions.
I urge that this action be taken In the inter
est of harmony and the consequent success of
our party." Very respectfully,
* Frank Mclaughlin, Chairman.
This is how the wake was announced :
Very promptly Chairman Sonntag ap
peared upon the platform, but before he
bad rapped ' the push to order, Mr. Kuef
had a conversation with Mr. Sonntag as
follows:
; "You will say," said Ruef, "the next or
der of business will be the nomination of
a Superintendent of Schools. Then I will
get up beforo anybody else can say any
thing.":-
-> "All right," assented Chairman Sonn
tag. :^RMiPPii'
"The secretary will please call the roll,"
said Mr. Sonntag.
Colonel Kowalsky caught the cue and
was on his feet in a moment to move that
roll-call be dispensed with,' and it was so
ordered. . ;
"1 move that the nomination for Super
intendent of Schools be postponed," said
Ruef.
Then he went on the platform and made
a statement to tbe effect that as he and
Mr. Kelly and the rest were desirous of
harmony it would be better to act upon
Major McLaughlin's suggestion that no
business be done.
A delegate announced that Sig. M. Bett
man bad been nominated for the Assem
bly by the Fortieth District convention.
Thc-n Chairman Sonntag announced that
he would appoint Messrs. Mahoney, Ruef
and Kelly as a committee to confer with
Major McLsughlin at 11 o'clock to-day,
ana the wake adjourned until Monday
night at 8 o'clock.
The corpse has been placed on ice and
will keep until then.
Major McLam>hlin was asked by a Call
reporter shortly after the lachrymose in
cident in B'nai B'rith Hall whether he
had received a petition from merchants or
other persons calling upon the State Cen
tral Committee to step in and restore har
mony to M/. Kelly's bosom.
''I have received no petition from the
merchants to i whom you refer," he re
plied. There was a tinge of Litterness in
the emphasis which he laid o* the word
"merchants."/, s \
-. •'There is a class of citizens here," he
continued, "who have waited until this
silver fever has died out and the tide has
turned, and then they come in at the tail
end and organize merchants' leaguis, and
divert money from the Republican Slate
Central Committee, when we are sortly in
need of funds to carry on this campion.
- "I want to say a word with reference, to
a report which I heard, that John D.
Spreckels is influencing or has influenced
me or this committee. I have fonnd M\
Spreckels to be as square and as honest &
man as I ever met in my life. He has no
selfish motive in being in politics. He is
politically pure; in fact, too pure to be a
politician." : ' \_ .' ■<
With reference to the power of the State
Central ' Committee to settle disputes
within the party, Major McLaughlin re
called the action of the committee in the
Higgins and Chute contention many years
ago. In that matter the committee ap
pointed a convention of 150, which con
vention put up a ticket.
"It seems to me," he added, "that
when we see the party being torn to pieces
we should call a halt.and do all we can to
straighten them out. I don't believe it is
the policy of the -Republican party to al
low a tew disgruntled politicians to split
themselves into two bodies and call them
selves the chosen representatives of the
entire party. All good citizens are crying
'Shame' -because of this condition of
things, and are demanding that this com
mittee step in and straighten out iht
trouble, but it doesn't require any letters
from business men or sound-money leagues
to teach me what is my plain duty.
"As a matter of fact I have been work
ing about a month to bring those people
together and evolve order out of chaos,
but. thus far ray., most strenuous efforts
have failed. This afternoon I addressed a
communication to Mr. Bonntag asking
him to adjourn his convention and to
meet me here to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock. I addressed a similar letter to
Mr. Riordan, chairman of the Auditorium
convention, to which '. I have not received
any reply. I understand that that con
vention is going ahead with the regular
business.
■'I believe that the people are stronger
than all the politicians and all the leaders
that were ever created, and when the
people rise in their might the politicians
will be swept away."
Major McLaughlin went on to say that
the position of chairman of the executive
committee was forced upon him, and that
he had devoted his whole time to the dis
charge of his duties.
"I can say without egotism that the ex
traordinary change in the sentiment of
this State that has taken place in the last
six weeks on the National issues is entirely
due to the work of the committee. Old
and respected , leaders of the party, who
have visited these headquarters, particu
larly during the last few days, have ad
mitted first, that they . were totally un
aware of the work that had been carried
on, and secondly, that better work has
been done than by any State Central Com
mittee in previous campaigns. Take the
mere matter of speeches alone.
"In 1894, with six candidates in the field :
outside of the City and County of San
Francisco on the 23d day of September
twenty-three speeches had been made in
the State, whereas on the same date this
year more than 230 apeeches had been
delivered, and more ' than 400 clubs were
in active existence, and every county in
the State was in thorough accord with the
committee. *
"Speaking of counties, look at Mariposa.
For the first time in eighteen years that
county has a Republican County Commit
tee, and the Republicans there "have j con
verted an almost hopelessly Bryan county
into a strong McKiiiley county.
"I notice in the evening papers that cer
tain parties are preparing a communica
tion to this committee asking it to take
such steps as will unite the different divi
sions of the party in this City. This is
about what my past experience warrants
me in expecting.
"Just as soon as a step is taken by an
authorized ' body that looks as though it
would be successful, there are those who
are eager to rush in and boldly suggest
just what they probably know is being
done. As a matter of fact, I have been at
work for weeks trying to restore harmony.
Very few of those gentlemen so prolific in
suggestions realize what a difficult task
it is to get together two large and inde
pendent political bodies, both eager for
s v ccc s s .ii^^^^^^^^^K^^^^^^^^^^M
NOT ALL FOR SILVER
One of Ihree Utah Conventions Declares
for McK.lulej/.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. 24.— Three
State conventions, two Republican and
one Democratic, were held in this State
to-day.
The latter was held in the city of Provo
and was attended by a full representation
of delegates. After adopting resolutions
declaring for the free and unlimited coin
age of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1 with gold,
without regard to other nations, a tariff
for revenue only and the opening of the
Indian reservations to settlement, the
convention nominated three Presidential
electors pledged to Bryan and Sewall.
These consisted of R. C. Lund, Democrat ;
J. J. Daly, Republican, and Henry W.
Lawrence, Populist.
Judge W. H. King, Democrat, was nom*
mated for Congress. The Independent
Republicans held their convention in this
city, and adopted a platform favoring free
coinage of silver, independent of tbe
actions of other nations, protection and
reciprocity. The convention, by acclam
ation, indorsed the Presidential electors
nominated by the Democratic convention.
A fight then occurred as to whether
the convention should nominate a
candidate for Congress or adjourn
until Saturday, when another branch
of the Republican party will meet
in convention at Ogden. the ob
ject of adjourning being, if possible, to
effect a compromise between the two fac
tions on a Congressional candidate.
After a long and acrimonious debate tbe
proposition to adjourn was defeated by a
large majority and the convention nomi
nated Lafayette Holbrook, a compara
tively unknown indivadual, as candidate
for Congress.
The other Republican convention was
hold at Mount Pleasant and was composed
of that section of the party which favors
the election of McKinley and Hobart.
LOOKS LIKE McLACHIAN
Attempts of Popocrats at Salinas to Fust
Have So far Failed.
SALINAS, Cat.., Sept. 24— Hon. James
McLnchian, Republican candidate for
Congress in the Sixth District, has been
making a thorough canvass of this county
this week, making one or two speeches
each day in different portions of the
county. To-night he addressed an im
mense audience at the Opera-house. Judg
ing from the enthusiasm manifested
throughout his entire speech the people of
Salinas are well satisfied with the record
made by our present Congresjrman at the
last session and will do their best io return
him to the next Congress.
The Republican County Convention and
Senatorial Convention will both meet here
next Saturday and the ticket will then be
completed. The attempt of the Populists
and Democrats to fuse on the county
ticket has failed thus far, which practi
cally insures.tbe success of the Republican
ticket here in November.
PROHIBITIONISTS VERY MAD.
I'opul i its, Democrat* and. Silverites Hog
the Office* in Pierce County.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. Populists,
Democrats and Silver Republicans com
pleted fusion county tickets to-day after
three days' work. When the conference
committees met each ' party wanted : a
majority of offices. The Populists forced
other elements to recede and . captured a
majority of * both county and . legislative
offices." To comply with the law the' joint
product will be called the People's party
ticket, insuring the loss of hundreds of
Democratic votes. The feature of the con
vention was the admission of national
Pronibitionists to joint conference and
awarding two offices to them. After the
other parties had made their nominations
so many office-sreekers were disappointed
i tliat, the'PrpbiDitionists^were thrown over
board, and the offices allotted them di
' vided between the Democrats and Silver
ites. The Prohibitionists number 400 in
the county and are very mad.
TALKS McKINLEY IS SPANISH.
Ex-Governor Pacheco Addresses a Crowd
at Sin Luis Ohispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Sept 24.—
Ex-Goveruor Romualdo Pacheco arrived
yesterday from the South and was ten
dered a reception at the Raiona Hotel.
"?o-night there was a big reception in his
honor.
■ There was a large procession headed by
Grand Marshal Blake and B. Munoz, his
aid. First came the artillery bund fol
lowed by McKiniey and Hobart clubs and
the M^Kinley uniformed guards, seventy
five stiong. It was a grand torchlight
affair. - A.H the way from the Republican
headquarters to the pavilion there was a
constant display of Roman 'candles and
rockets. The pavilion was decorated for
the occasion.
Pedro QUntana, president of the even
ing, introduced Pacbeco to the audience.
The stage wa< filled with vice-presidents,
both Americai and Spanish. After a few
remarks in English .-;. Pacheco ; spoke
Spanish, whichcharmed the ; Spanish part
of the audience greatly, doing considerable
good in this sec.ion. To-morrow he goes
to Pozo, where he .will speak in the even-
UK.
A railroad men's sound-money club has
been organized In the city, witn fourteen
members, who guarantee a roll of forty at
the next meeting. Officers: B. F. Whit
mer, president; W. B. Keliey. vice-presi
dent; H. E. Wetzel. secretary-treasurer.
LOUD AND FREEPS.
They Open a Campaign at Redwood City
to a Great Crowd.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept. 24.-The
Republican campaign was opened in Red
wood City to-night by Congressman E. F.
Loud and Hon. Timothy Guy Phelps.
The hall was packed, nearly hah of the
audience being ladies. There was a large
attendance from Palo Alto, Menlo Park,
and other neighboring villages. Mies
Fairchild opened the programme with a
song, which was encored.
Hon. George C. Ross presided. In intro
ducing Mr. Loud he referred to the fact
that the Southern States were always
more influential in Congress than the
North, and believed that it was due to
not changing their representatives as
often as did the North.
He devoted much time to a discussion of
the money questions.
Timothy Guy Pnelps closely held the
audience for nearly an hour in an able ex
position of the doctrine of protection.
He referred particularly to Japan as an
illustration. He said that last year our
imports from that country were $25,000,
-000, and our exports but $4,000,000, which
necessitated an export of $21,000,000 in
gold to make up the balance of trade. In
our trade with the world the balance of
trade against us was $269,000,000, just
about what Carlisle bad to borrow.
UNIONMEN CLUBS
Making Preparations at San Jose for <•
Orund Procession*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— At a meet
ing held here to-night preliminary steps
were taken for a grand demonstration in
San Jose of the uniformed clubs of San
Francisco, Oakland and Santa Clara
County. Mark Lane.y, \V. N. Swasey and
1 E. E. Parmeter represented the Plumed
Knichts of San Francisco. It is proposed
; in this city to have from 8000 to 10,000 per
sons participate in a torchlight parade,
and to have this demonstration on the
occasion of the expected visit to San Jose
of Messrs. Foraker and Butterworth of
Ohio. At that time it is also proposed
to hold a grand open-air meeting in the
; afternoon and in the evening will be the
i tore light procession and parade of uni
formed clubs. A feature of the parade
will be a number of farmers' wagons load
j ed with produce.
sew to-sat:
NEVER TOO OLD
To learn. Beware of the many so-called bargains
advertised so largely by Illegitimate dealers.
We do as we say.
Full value for your money
here.
$5 buys a good stylish Bike
Suit, extra value.
Boys' long pants suit, for ages
13 to 19, in all-wool fabrics,
latest styles, $7.50.
; $3.75 will buy a very nobby
reefer suit, well made, in plaids
and plain colors. Ages 3to 10.
$3.75 buys a stylish all-wool
double-breasted suit, ages 8 to
15. Extra value.
$3.75 buys a long pants sailor
suit, with lanyard and whistle.
Ages 3 to 12.
Still on sale — Men's $4 Chin-
chilla Overcoats and $5.50 Ker-
sey Overcoats.
Prepare for winter.
.< ■
I Quickest Mail Order House in San Francisco.
DDIIOUrC FOX BARBER* BAR
Dif If ft\ n t ers ' bootblacks, bath-
1* 1 1 %# m &a %$ bous<>s, billiard- table*
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, stable-
men, tax-rooters, tanners, tailors, etc. .
»* n .hM BUCHANAN BROS),
Brush Manufacturer!. 609 S»cr»m«ntoli»
fiilfs Lillian TeptaUe Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons whi
have used them for over forty years to cure
KICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION. Torpid Liver. Weak Btomach. Pimple*
SilsiMßillH
'JS&SJ*}*! remedy. persons' ; can cuVe themselvei
.without the least exposure, change ot SIl S '
ch»as« in »pplicatlon to business The median,
nothing that Is of the least uijuryiotSl
s conjUtuuon. Auk you* dxu*»uc a** &uH
JtVvmm
* ■YALE MEN DROWN
BRYAN'S VOICE
Coliege Students Display
Greater Lung Power
Than Willie.
VOLLEYS OF "&AH! RAH!"
"Gold, Gold, Gold" a Refrain
That Subiues the Silver
Sntiment.
YOUTHS WHO HOWL LUSTILY.
But the Boy Orator Fina'ly Makes a
Speech Between the Inter
ruptions.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Sept 24.—Candi
date Bryan will probably long remember
his reception to-day by the students of
Yale College. The Democratic standard
bearer addressed a big open-air meeting,
which nearly ended in confusion. As it
was, Mr. Bry.an gave tip attempting to
speak and retired in disgust.
The movements of the students were
presumably preconcerted. They were dis
tributed through tbe crowd and seemed to
sing and yell at given signals. When Mr.
Bryan began his speech, there was a cheer
and chorus from the students of "Bab,
rah, rah, Yale." He tried to go on, but
the yells made him stop again. A song,
with the refrain "Gold, gold, gold," kept
his words from being heard.
Finaily the candidate sat down, ana Mr.
Sargent, the Democratic candidate for
Governor, Alexander Troup, chairman of
the State Central Committee, ani Dr.
Fuller, the Democratic candidate for Con
gress in this district, made appeals for
order. Their efforts were successful after
Mr. Bryan had been seated ten minutes,
and at 2:50 he resumed hi? remarks. But
the d risive yells broke forth again, and
fifteen minutes later the candidate
brought his remarks to a close.
Mr. Bryan spoke from a stand on the
Bouth side of Center Church and when he
entered on "the green" between 12,000
and 15,000 persons were gathered there.
Mr. Bennett, who is chairman of the
town committee, presented Mr. Bryan,
and as the candidate rose the cheering
was interrupted by hisses and yells from
the Yale men. The appeals from Mr.
Troup and the others had a temporary
effect only. All through his remarks the
yells continued and Mr. Bryan cut his
speech short. Altogether he did not
.speak more than twenty minutes.
As soon as he concluded A. S. Crandall
of Norwich, candidate for Lieutenant-Gov
ernor. stepped forward and sharply criti
cized the Yale men. He proposed three
cheers for Mr. Bryan and they were given,
but mingled with hisses from the Yale
contingent.
Ex-Mayor Sargent then declared the
meeting adjourned and Mr. Bryan was
taken to the New Haven House in his car
riage. He looked very much fatigued and
refused to shak" hands as he "left the
stage. Tuis is Mr. Bryan's interrupted
apeec:i :
Ladies and gentlemen, I am glad there are
students here becau-e I want to say a word to
students. Your college has helped to add
fame 10 your city, and those who assemble
here are supposed to come In order that they
might better acquit themselves of the duty of
life. lam glad to talk to you students because,
my friends, we have a cause which appeals to
student!). If the syndicates and corporations
rue this country, then no young man has a
fair show unless he is the favorite of a corpor
ation. [Cheers and .yells for McKinleyfrom
the students.] If the people have a right to
govern themselves and deputize that right,
then every citizen has a fair show and every
man may achieve what he desires. We desire
to leave all the avenues open so that the son
of the humblest citizen may aspire to the
highest position within the gift of the people.
[Cheers and yells repeatedly.] I am not
speaking now to the sons who are sent to col
lege on the proceeds of ill-gotten gains.
[Great Cheering.] I will wait until these sons
have exhausted what their fathers have left;
then I will appeal to their children, who will
have to commence lite where their grand
fathers commenced. [Great cheering.]
My friends, a just Government is best for the
great mass of the people. Equal laws and
equal opportunities are best for 99 out of
every 100 of our citizens [yells again re
peated], and therefore our cause appeals to
every young man who wants to make this
Government so good as to deserve the love,
confidence and tne support of every citizen in
the land. We appeal not only to the students,
we appeal to business men who have been ter
rorized by the financial — what may I call It?
[applause] people who have been tyrannized
over by financial institutions until in some in
stances it is more dangerous to raise your voice
against the ruling power than it is in an abso
lute monarchy to criticize the Government.
[Applause and yells repeated.] If there is any
body who loves thai sort of condition then I
shall offend him by speaking of it, but I shall
not offend any man who loves liberty and
right of free speech in this country. [Great
applause-]
The business men have been told that the
free coinage of silver would ruin them. If it
can ruin them with more rapidity than the
gold standard has ruined them, then, my
friends, it will be bad Indeed, because the gold
standard h»s increased the number of failures
among business men and every step that has
been taken has been followed by disaster. [Yells
from the students.] I have been so used to talk
ing to young men who earn their own living
that Ido not know— [Great cheering.] I say I
have been so used to talking to young men who
earn their own living thatibardly know what
language to use to address myself to those
who don't desire to be known as creators of
wealth, but who are the distributors of wealth
which somebody else created. [Great cheer
ing.] If you will show roe a young man who
has been taught to believe— [More yells and
cries for McKinley.] In my travels I have not
found a crowd that needed talking to so much
as this crowd does. [Cries of "Tiiat's right."]
1 came to this city something more than a
year ago and 1 learned something of the domi
nation of your financial classes. I have seen
it elsewhere, but, my friends,: the great mass
of the people even of this city will be better
off under bimetallism, that permits the Nation
to grow, than under ii gold standard, which
starves everybody except the money-changer
and the money-owner. We eometimes out
West are instructed by your Insurance com
panies. I carry insurance ;in oid-line com
panies and in what are known a* the mutual
and assessment companies.: 1 carry insurance
in fraternal orders lik« the United Workmen
and Modern Woodmen [applause], as well as
in the old-line companies.and I am grateful
that ray assessment companies are satisfied to
take my money and give me insurance with
out attempting to tell me how I must vote.
Your old-line companies have seen fit to insult
the "intelligence of the people by attempting to
exerciser guardian care, while we are a Die to
look after ourselves without their instructions.
You ha vi. laboring men also in large numbers
* V!?ifo%now whether the advocates of the
-.old standard who employ men in shops in
slsi on telling their cmoloyes how to vote. I
have^n other places found employers who put
in envelopes the pay for the day's work or
«,l? work and then put on the outside of
The f envelopes Home instructions . to the em-
me" If the manufacturer, if the employer
ft the railroad president feels as if there must
IViome thing on the outside of the envelope
as on the inside let me suggest some
thing which .tne employer might pu .there.
Let him write on the outside: "You will niu!
within yonr wases. They are to - cover your
work; they are not to pay ior your vote.' ■
[Cries •of "Good,- good 1"] We recognise that
the men who have sense enough to do the
work we want done have sense enough to vote
right without our telling them bow to vote.
[Applause.] Why is it that the broker and the
I . . : '^d^Xl^L, NEW TO-DAY. >
Ay 1^ V"*^ • Jk That's what we're all looking for and that's what we pro- A IT W • t|
J\ fc*m /-v I— C * *>•*"■• /3*C^ H p.osetogiveyou. /\ lO*il =
X |s~ |V^ %# R~ 1 While occupying the top notch position in San Francisco £ 1 11 2iL Jl ML
.7 ■*- -■-]■. jL-Jp M. <pt^* £^ AwJ <** have not closed our eyes to the fact that opportunity and !> : * ■ <-3
®®®®®®<^^ • f t e question of advantage are bringing the trade to the Big s~* f
He jf>o H^ . tr-*v. ii •<! O "U "W T 1-H ft We make it a point to give you the biggest dollar's worth, *^^ m.£<L*i*s ±-?
4 /y|« . _,^^ _ -_ — » w J-^* We make it a point to give you the biggest dollar's worth 1 d-A^4^
a 3er § i By\ll irt *djtt^ r^m m/V/ /V ■ft^^H-^^> ■ .in town, to givey the largest assortment to select from,, the
Maw i I 5-fl i WZ \/\/ H 9 ra^ ISh » choicest goods to pick from, and we quote the smallest price in s~+ % &
IJ\ /I 10.1 Q T ▼ VJ^ A. til • all San Francisco. i d~^ fXT
Gt« • '_^___^^^, To-day and Saturday will be special days on high-class 4k»J' &JL )!%*' V-r JL
[^ M n ty Cy <sxs>®®®®®®®®®^ goods ■ *m^ t~~
vlclbb t
.J^^^re /cci, two largest over- /^^ffwfe^V^^^^^^^^^^^^^^J^Ji ?^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ 'dk' o/ dressiest Suits you
coat rooms in the United States. MimMwM %^^^^^^^^^^ \ / Jsv^^lSlttsl ' ca;i "'^ T ' s a cla V worsted in
On any one of these floors we /f J^P* ffW iß^^^»i^sK ; Uach W^ h strip f d trousers l f
other stores in Frisco combined. lti\iw^ [ twJim r^^W^mSS^H^ the same, tailored in a manner
We're in a position to overcoat W^wSß^m^L^^-^^^^^S (ul^V^}^^^lw^ r T yW^^li i /ffl^^fflPfflr ' befitting 'such a fine fabric. Lin-
Our special offer for Friday '■ U^^^&(i^J nW l^lP M^ 5^ Z ' Z ' I? - <^£ wouldn't touch
and Saturday consists of the ,^^^^^^^S)/ "* "^aT^^^^^"^^ ffi owe Zifce 'e7?t i?i town. Special
pure satin sleeve linings ; gar- J^yy^l^gz^!^^^s=— ■ vmpar ■an air of
a^ on ' c ' s^ on '^- o£?Ji: PICTURE ABOVE PORTRAYS TO YOU THE GARMENTS THAT YOU WILL RECEIVE TO-DAY and SATURDAY at day at ..).,. \
$10.00- =r SIQ-OO= ■•, $10.00.
RAPHAEL RAPHAEL^
AiixJL IiiAJJiJ kI - (iKooRPORATED), XIJI&JL JLA £a JUI iiJi kl
(Incorporated), THE FRISCO BOYS I (Incorporated),
Km jyi™™ ©, 11, 13 and 15 Kearny Street, • frisco'smost
FOR OVERCOATS. two entire buildings eight floors. POPULAR HOUSE.
bond-buyer does nov write in his application
that he has a personal interest in the gold
standard ?
Why is it that these men want to throw
upon the wage-earner whatever odium there
may be in using his vote to protect his per
sonal interest? I believe the wage-earner and
the farmer and the business man and the pro
fessional man— all of these— will be beneiited
by a volume of money sufficient to do business
with. m
If you make money scarce you make money
dear. If you make money dear you drive
down the value of everything; when you have
falling prices you have hard times. And who
prospers by hard times? There are but lew,
and these few are not willing to admit that
they get any benefit from hard times. No
party ever declared in its platform that it
was in favor of hard times, and yet the
party that declares for a gold standard in sub
stance declares for a continuance of hard
times. [Here the bund accompanying the First
Regiment of tbe National Guard of Connecti
cut, which had beiMi playing on the east side
of the common, marched westward and very
much nearer to the stand where Mr. Bryan
was speaking, so that it was impossible to hear
him more than a few feet away from the front
of the platform. The students, however, were
not making us much disturbance as they had
b.^en formerly.] It is hard enough to talk
when all the conditions are favorable, and I
must ask you to excuse me from talking any
further in the presence of the noises against
which we have had to combat to-day.
HARTFORD, Cojjn., Sept. 24.— Mr.
Bryan ended his Connecticut tour to-night
by making two speeches in Hartford. Both
meetings were held in the open air, the
first in Capitol Park and the other on Main
street, in front of the City Hotel.
When Mr. Bryan reached Hartford he
found a great throng at the station and
received many cheers. His carriage was
followed to the Heubleu Hotel by a crowd
of men and boys, many of tnern bearing
flaming candles of red Greek light. At 8
o'clock he went to Capitol Park, being ac
companied by another Greek fire escort
and the members of the iocal reception
committee in carriages. The gathering in
the park was extrtmely large.
Around the speaking-*tand, erected a
hundred feet from the Capitol building,
people were massed and numbered in the
neighborhood of 12,000, perhaps more.
Mr. Bryan stood upon a table on the stand
in order that the crowd might see him
better. The formality of an introduction
was dispensed with and the candidate
started to talk as soon as the cheering
which marked his aopearance was over.
Th- Capitol Park meeting concluded
Mr. Bryan was taken to the City Hotel,
where he found another big assemblage,
but smaller, however, than the other. He
spoke from tbe portico over the main en
trance to the hotel.
During the speech from tbe portico of
the City Hotel Mr. Bryan was hissed by a
segment of his audience.
OPINION OF THE BANKERS.
Democrat* Do Sotne fall* Figuring in
• Regard to Bryan.
CHICAGO, 111., Kept. 24— Campaign
Commitieeman J. D. Johnson has received
at Democratic National headquarters from
a country banker in Illinois a copy ot a
letter sent out by N. W. Harris & Co., the
investment and bond: brokerage firm of
Chicago and Boston, to its correspondents
in that Stater The letter gives the result
of a canvass in Illinois. In the first place,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
the firm sent inquiries to 4000 correspon*
dents, and it received abou: 1200 answers.
The letter giving this result states:
"There were 117 bank cashiers who re
ported that, in their opinion, from present
indications, the Democrats vote in their
county next November would be less than
it was in 1894, and tnat the free-silver ten
dencies were on the decrease.
There were thirty-six bank cashiers who
reported that in their opinion there would
be an increase in the Democratic vote in
November as compared with the Demo
cratic vote in 1894, and thirty of the bank
officials were of the opinion there would
be no change. In Minnesota the firm
j sent out about 4000 inquiries to its corre
spondents and received aDout 400 replies,
which were of the same tenor as those re
ceived from Illinois.
Mr. Johnson remarked that the Minne
sota correspondents evidently forgot the
Populist party in their estimates, as they
say nothing of the 80,000 Populist votes
cast in 1594 and nothing about* the Repub
lican silver defection led by John A. Lind
and Congressman Towne.
He added : "These correspondents are in
every instance men engaged in the bank
ing or investment business— a class which
is hostile to Mr. Bryan. Unreliable as the
information is. it shows thru even from a
banker's standpoint the silver movement
is lifcely to carry the entire West."
Senator Teller, who is in Oliio this week,
will arrive in Chicago Sunday to fill speak
ing engagements that are being made for
him in Illinois and adjoining States. The
reports to headquarters are that Kentucky
is full of Republicans who are coming into
the Bryan camp.
RAILRO AD TO BE SOLD.
Chicago and Xort hern Pacific Will Go to
the Highest Bidder.
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept 24.— Dispatches
from Milwaukee say that the troubles be
tween the Northern Pacific, the Wisconsin
Central and the Chicago and Northern Pa
cific have been amicably settled. The last
named road will be sold at auction in this
city, and will probably be purchased by
the reorganization committee. Henry W.
Bishop will sell the property. The road
must bring $10,000,000.
The purchaser, in addition, assumes two
mortgages, one to tbe city of Chicago for
$650,000 ana the other to E. A. Abbott and
John A. Stewart for $394,000, together with
minor obligations. The sale will take
place from the steps of tho Cook County
Courthouse at such a time as Bishop may
appoint.
Failure of Shoe Manufacturers.
BOSTON, Mass., Sept. 24.— The Na
tional Shoe and Leather Exchange an
nounces the failure of Burpee, Ramsey &
Co., shoe manufacturers of Lynn. Assets
and liabilities are not given. The firm
.lid a business of between $600,000 and
$800,000 a year.
The exchange aiso announces that the
Redpath Bros. Manufacturing Company,
manufacturers of boots and shoes, Lynn,
ana wholesale boots and shoes, 14U Lin
coln street, Boston, hay* assigned.
FIVE MURDERED AT ONCE
A Negro Youth Kills a Whole
Family With a Pistol
and an Ax.
He Is Bung Huntid by Bloodhounds
and Will Probab y Be Lynched
if Cusht.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Sept. 24.— One of
the most heinous murders in the history
of this State was committed by a negro
boy named John Johnson in a farmhouse
four miles south of Independence at an
early hour yesterday. Joe Cotton, his j
wife, her brother and two sisters were S
killed, the first by a pistol shot and tbe
other four with an ax.
When an officer called at the house he
found Cotton stretched dead on the floor.
His head was blackened with powder,
showing that a pistol had been held near
the face when the fatal shot was fired.
The weapon was an old-fashioned cap and
ball, single-shot pistol and it bad been
loaded with slugs.
Martin Miller, Mrs. Cotton's brother,
was lying on his back across the bed, his
head almost severed from his body, evi
dently by a blow from an ax. In the bed
to the right of the door leading to the
front room, struggling in the last asony of
death, lay Miss Agnes Miiler, a sister-in
law, with a gash rive inches long over her
left eye, leaving the brain exposed. She
was conscious, but could not speak a word.
Just across the room, in another bed,
was Miss Lizzie Miller, her sister, with her
skull smashed la and a gash four inches
long in her bead, made with an ax. She
will die. In another corner was the muti
lated body of Mrs. Joe Cotton, her feet
under a table and her head near a chair,
with which she is supposed to have tried
to protect herself against her assailant.
The fiend who committed this quintuple
murder is a n^gro boy, who has been in
the employ of Cotton since April 3. He
was allowed to sleep in the same honse.
The motive is a mystery, as no attempt at
rob-bery had been made.
The only member of the family who es
caped was little Maud Miller, 14 years old.
She darted from the house and gave the
alarm. She says she saw Johnson begin
the butchery and strike tier mother with
the ax. The murderer is still at lar^e and
is being tracked with bloodhounds by a
mob. He will probably be lynched if
caught.
Their Fatal Quarrel.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 24.— Harry Con
way of Clinton, lowa, was killed this
afternoon by Grace Clark, who shot him
first and then killed herself. Conwav was
a brakeman on the Northwestern Rail
road, and came to Chicago last July with
tbe Clark woman. They had numerous
quarrels. The disagreement which caused
the shootin • was over a letter from a
woman of Fall City, Nebr., written to
Conway.
WRECKED BY A WATERSPOUT.
Roared Like a Train and Destroyed
/Imilf and Fi*'.d*.
PATCHOGUE, L. 1., Sept. 24.— A fierce
whirlwind and waterspout swept through
the south bay for several miles Tuesday
ni ht. It serraed to descend from the
heavens until it reached the surface of the
bay, where it started whirling eastward
with the ronr of a hundred freight trains.
The spout was noticed first i'own toward
Fire Island. It swept east at a fearful
rate. When opposite Bay Port it struck
the yaciit of Harry C. Miller, turning her
bottom-side up in an instant. Tnen the
great, roaring body of water veered in its
course and went whirling away in a differ
ent direction. .
Only for this sudden chan-e the spout
would have wrecked hundreds of boats
that were lying at anchor all the way
from Bayville to East Patchogue. When
the spout reached a point off Patchogue it
started toward the main shore.
Sand was hurled in the air, and where
tnere were only three feet of water there
are vow six or seven. The waterspout
finally started norm and ran ashore op
posite East Patchogue. After it struck
the earth there was a whirlwind formed
instantly. This overturned bathing
houses, tore up trees and finally played
havoc in a bie corn ti Id.
Death of Or tier al Mexia.
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 24— A private
telegram to members of his family in Dal
las, received this afternoon, announces
the death to-day in tlie City of Mexico of
General Mexia, chairman of "the Ways and
Means Committee of the House of Repre
sentatives of the Mexican Government.
General Mexia was regarded as the leading
statesman and financier of the Mexican
Government, a close friend of President
Diaz and a progressive man of modern
ideas. He was stricken with paralysis
about a month ago. The town of Mexia,
Texas, was named for him. He owned
70,000 acres of land in this State. He was
71 years old.
i.hrrkn for Rrbnte Claim*.
CHICAGO, 111., Bept. 24.— General Mc-
Nulta, receiver lor the whisky trust, to
day mailed checks on 348 rebate claims,
amounting to $36,451. About 600 more
will be mailed within the next ten days,
amounting in all to about $100,000. These
ciaims are held in all parts of the country,
and the fact of their settlement will be
good news to the holders.
Fire in a Warehouse.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 24.— Fire in the
warehouse of the Waters-Pierce Oil Com
pany, in East St. Louis, at 4:30 o'clock
this'afternoon, caused a loss of $10,000; in
sured.
EARTHQUAKE IN HAWAII,
Volcano Sparks Spouted High in
• Air by the Shock in
Kilauea.
Earth Cracked for Half a Mile—Hono
lulu Bishop Thinks Monarchy
Is Yet Alive.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, Sept. 17- — A
severe earthquake shock was experienced
in Hilo at 5 o'clock a. m. September 13.
In the center of the city a crack opened
from the sea half a mile inland and re
mained an inch in width. Most of the
bottles in a drugstore were broken. The
houses all being of wood were uninjured.
No such shock has been felt since the Kau
mnd flow of 1868.
The disturbance seemed to come from
the northeast. The same shock in a light
form awoke everybody in Honolulu that
morning.
At Ki'.auea the shock was much lighter
than at Hilo. The fire fountains in the
pit are increasingly active.
Great pleasure is felt in Honolulu at the
discovery of Kate Field's will. There
beine no proper facilities here for crema
tion the remains will probably be trans
ported to the Onited States.
The wreckers of the bark Gainsborough
are sanguine of floating the hull after
more coal is removed. The water in the
hull yields well to pumping.
The Arv-'lican Bis op Willis, in the Dio
cesan Magazine, expresses his belief "that
neither tranquillity at home nor respect
abroad nor commercial prosperity will be
restored until the monarchy is reinstated."
He thinks the monarchy is not "dead and
rotten." as alleged, but very much alive.
The Bishop evidently places a high value
on tbe recent Kaiulani boom.
Referring to tbe Bishop's remark about
commercial prosperity a prominent busi
ness man points to the fact that three
times as many new stores have been
erected in 1896 as in any previous year,
and four times as many new dwellings.
Nothing like the present growth of Hono
lulu has ever been witnessed.
President Dole will leave to-morrow for
a few weeks' rustication on Hawaii.
STORE IS ARRAIGNED
England Trying to Make Out a Case
Against the Prisoner.
LONDON, Eng., Sept. 24-Edward J.
Ivory, alias Edward Bell, the alleged
dynamiter who was arrested in Glasgow
on September 12, wns arraigned in the
Bow-street Police Court this morning.
The prosecution was conducted by Mr.
Gill, who appeared on behalf of the Treas
ury Department. Mr. Gill, in opening the
rase, said that the four alleged dynamiters.
Ivory, Tynan, Haynes and Kearney, the
first named arrested in Glasgow, the sec
ond in Boulogne, France, and the last two
in Rotterdam, left New York in August
last by different steamers and traveled
under false names. The men, he said,
were sent to Europe Dy the Fenian organi
zation in New Yorfc, which provided them
with funds, for the purpose of carrying
out the following scheme:
They were to proceed separately and by
different routes to Antwerp, where they
were to hire premises in which to prepare
chemicals for the manufacture of bomb 3
and dynamite cartridges. This done, they
were to find persons in London and Glas
gow to commit the actual crimes through
the use oi bombs which had been prepared
in Antwerp. It had been arranged in New
York before the four men started, Mr.
Gill said, that outrages should be commit
ted in the United Kingdom, and the men
expected that their work of preparing tho
bombs would be completed by Septem
ber 15.
Mr. Gill said that Ivory's mission was
to secure men to use the .bombs which the
others had prepared in Antwerp. The
hearing was adjourned until to-morrow.
It is announced upon official authority
that the Government has abandoned the
idea of atking for the extradition of the
alleged dynamiters, Kearney and Haines,
who were recently arrested in Rotterdam.
PARIS, France, Sept. 24.— United States
Embassador Eustis had a long interview
with M. Hanotaux, .Minister of Foreign
Affairs, to-day, in regard to the case of P.
J.Tynan, the alleged dynamiter, who is
under arrest at Boulogne.
JUMPED FROM THE DORMITORY
Fire Force* Cadets to Drop Three Stories
to the Ground.
MEXICO, Mo., Sept. 24.— The extensive
and handsome buildings of the Missouri
Military Academy were totally destroyed
by tire of unknown origin at 1 o'clock this
morning. One hundred cadets were asleep
in the dormitory when the alarm was
given, but so quickly tiid the flames spread
that many were compelled to jump from
the third -story windows.
A score of the cadets were injured, but
none were fatally hurt The cadets lost
nearly all their clothes and personal prop
erty. Citizens have thrown open their
Homes to the destitute lads and the in
jured are receiving the best medical at
tendance.
Cricket Clubhouse Burned.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 24.— The
new clubhouse on the grounds of the
Merion Cricket Club at Haverford was de
stroyed Dy fire this morning, The club
house cost $85,500, and it is estimated tha
loss will be $75,000. The insurance is $65,
-000 on the building and $10,000 on con
tents.
Grief at the Death of Joy.
DETROIT, Mich., Sept. 24.— Hon.
James F. Joy died at his residence here
early this morning after an illness of
three weeks, aged 85 years. He was
largely identified with the construction of
the Michigan Central, Wabash, Chicago,
Burlington aud Quiucy and otlier rgadst
34
NOT TO BE SENT
DOWN TO FLORIDA
Instead of Going South the
Fifth Artillery Will Be
Sent East.
RELIEVES THE FIRST.
Orders That Caused Such a Com
motion at the Presidio Are
Modified.
ONE THEORY AS TO THE CHANGE
It Is Said That The R- gttuent Is Trans
ferred in Order to Get General
Graham Away.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 21.— The
Filth Artillery is in luck. Instead of
being assigned lo &tutions on the South
Atlantic Coast, now occupied by the Third
Artillery, as promulgated in War Depart
ment orders last week, it will bo as
signed to much pleasanier posts.
Secretary Lamont to-day issued orders
mollifying those of last weelc, which as
signed the Fifth Artillery to station! now
occupied by the Third. The new orders
transfer the Fifth Artillery to the posts
now occupied by the First Artillery on
the North Atlantic Coast and in the De
-1 ariiuent of .Missouri. One of the two
light batteries of the lift will take sta
tions at Fort Sheridan (Chicago) and the
other at Fort Hamilton, N. Y. v
The First Artillery will be sent to garri-
SOU the posts vacated by the Third Artil
lei which regiment will bo assigned to
the posts now occupied by the Fifth Ar
tillery on the Pacific Coast.
The light battery of the First, now at
Fort Hamilton, will take station a: Wash
ington, 1). C, barracks, and one battery of
the First, now at Sheridan, will be sent to
Fort Houston. It is not known yet just
where the different batteries of the Fifth
Artillery or other regiments will bo sta
tioned. The War Department officials
•ay that these details will not be arranged
fur a lew days. As soon as the battery as
•icnmentt are made they will be published
in Tuk Call,
Thk Call correspondent asked a War
Department official the reason for the
modification of the original order, and
was given the written reply: "The object
of the modiucation of the original orders
is to effect more complete rotation of the
station of regiments and batteries by send
ing Northern regiments South, Southern
troop* West and Western troops North
east," . .
It is believed, however, that. General
Miles considers a change of stations bene
ticial to the service for another .reason. .
He thinks that when soldiers are sta
tioned a long time in any one place the
attachments so formed and the social obli
gations incurred and social functions en
joyed are calculated to detract from the
efficiency of the army, und therefore,
deems it best to give them an occasional
taste of the hardship of army life, and
then again he believes in equalizing mat
ter?, so that those whose lots have been
cast in pleasant lines, situated at posts
near great cities, shall give way to those
who have tolerated the •amidunes of
Florida and the aria plains of the far
West.
It was said at the War Department to
day that all the enlisted men now with
the transferred regiments who have six
months or more to »rrve, and who do not
desire to re-enlist in their present regi
ments, will be allowed to remain at their
present stations, if any prefer.
After all the alarm and talk the Fifth
Artillery Regiment will not go to Florida.
About noon yesterday Colonel Shafter,
commanding the Department of California,
received the following by wire:
Wai«Hl>»Otox, D i .. s«H>t. 24, l!j9<>.
OoiuMamiing Gcnrrat. Jhpai tment of California,
San Franeitco, Cal.: \\ iUi the approval of th»
Secretary ol War, a.-neral orders 43, current
series from this In* c, regarding changes of
artillery regiment*, an modified &i follows:
The Fifth Artillery will relieve -lie First Anil
lery la the departments 01 the Kn»t and ilis
•ourl. One light batter; ottbe Fifth Artillery,
to bo selecteU by ihecouiwatiaingofßcerof the
rvgiineat, will take station at Fort Sheridan
ana the other at Fort Hamilton. By com
mand Ot M.IJOR-OKJCKRAI. Milks.
Rcgglss, Adjutant-General. ■
The fact that such orders bad been
received was at once communicated by
General 0. D. Greene, adjutant-general of
the department, to the Presidio, Fort
0 and Alcatrar. Toe oncers and en
listed men were MOB apprised oi the otlicial
dispatch, and in some quarter-; much
gratification was expressed.
In reply to inquiries on behalf of The
Call General Graham said that enlisted
men would have the right to elect whether
they should remain in California and be
transferred to the Third Artillery or go to
New York with their own regiment.
At the Presidio canteen and in quarters
the men discussed the modified order. It
is known mat nearly one-tuird of the regi
meat had signified a desire to remain in
San Francisco when th« proposed trans
fer to Florida was under consideration.
It was the sentiment of the soldiers that
the transfer to New York would not
materially diminish the number voting to
remain. To-day or to-morrow the name*
of enlisted men desiring to stay here will
be forwarder to department headquarters.
The modified order provides that one
light battery of the Fifth will go to Fort
Sheridan, Chicago, and toe other to Fort
Hamilton, New York. It is known that
Captain Thorp's Light Battery D will be
stationed at For: Hamilton and Captain
Keilly's Light Battery I will go to Chicago.
This assignment is agreeable to the bat
ten- commanders.
General Graham's headquarters, should
toe regiment go to New York, will be
tori Hamilton. Taree batteries, will go
there, but the general has not vet made a
recommendation as to the alignment.
Thre« batteries go to Fort Waslsworth,
three to Fort Slocum and one goes to Fort
Monroe.
Army otters jurraise that the modifica
tion of the order was by direction of the
becretary of War. whose attention was
called by repeated telegrams and press
comment to the unfairness of sending th«
Hfth Artillery for a fourth tour of duty in
Monda sine* the war, while the First had
served but one tour there since 1865.
Obviously it was the purpose of certain
officers near headquarters in Washington
to rush the Fifth away from the Presidio
at once and so get the regiment on the
rail before the Secretary of War had time
to investigate.
When Secretary Lament goes over. the
whole scheme carefully he ruav further
modify the order by- directing the Filth to
remain at the Presidio until toe Third has
served a tour of three years in New York
harbor. This is said to bo in exact line
with the roster. The great expense of
moving two regiments across the conti
nent at this time is thought by many well
informed men to be wholly unnecessary.
1 here is quiet gossip to "th« effect that
some officers of high rank are figurine to
get General Graham away from tae Pre
biaio, ana la order to reach that end it
has been found expedient to takn the en
tire regiment away from this department.
It Is said that General (trnham as post
commandAr has more than enos Ojasbed
with tho Quartern<a>-ier Department.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Transfer of San Frahcisco and Chicago
Marine Hospital Surgeons— Postal
and Pension Notes.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. L'l.-The
following orders have been issued: John
Godfrey, surgeon of the Marine Hospital,
will be relieved from duty at San Fran
cisco and will proceed to Chicago, Hi., ai.d
assume command of the service there.
Burgeon J. I\. Hamilton, when relieved
from duty at Chicago, will proceed to San
■Francisco to ISSttms Command of tlie Ma
rine Hospital service. Captain Hamilton
is said to be a viry fine surgeon, and the
Chicago Hospital people are protesting
against hit transfer.
Surgeon-General Wyman said to a (Ait.
correspondent that these quadrennial
changes were deemed necessary for the
good of the service, and that Burgeon
Hamilton would be transferred to San
Francisco despite this protest.
W. G. Simpson, passed assistant surgeon,
will also be transferred from Port Town
send. He will be relieved by Passed Assist
ant Surgeon S. D. Brooks, who ia now at
St. I^ouis.
A postoflice wan established here to-day
at Stock ville, White Pine Connty, Nev.,
urn! (ieorge 11. Haydou appointed Post
master.
J. C. Ansel was appointed Postmaster at
Cam, Mendocino County, Cal., vice J. A.
Ford, resigned.
P.ieiuc Coast pensions have been issued
:is follows:
California: Original— John E. Mitcliell,
San Lucas. Renewal and increase—Jap
hetn Wilson, deceased, Saoratn*nto. Or
iginal widows, etc— Minor oi William C
Agell, Oakland; Bliss Lock wood, Jamul.
Restoration and decrease ~ Eunice L.
Anceli, deceased, Oakland. Mexican War
willow— Sarah IJ. Martin, Fresno.
Washington: Original -- D. Connell.
Phelps. Additional Hiram P. Rust
»'tlf»«»» HehclM ttttin tt /'.Mi- I,
HAVANA, Cuba, Sept. 24.— Rebels have
burned the town of Laguinillas, province
Of MatatK'.as. The rebels also destroyed
sugar estates of Olano. near Jiolondron;
Ozado, near Laguinillas; Santo Domingo,
near Guamacaro; San A.n tonio, near Cor
rolfalso, and buildings on other estates of
more or less importance. All of these
estates are in the province of Matanzas.
The Queen Regent lias commuted the
death sentence placed on Octavio Zubi
zarrctas to imprisonment for life.
/.'.in A: J'niliir* in Minnesota.
MAN KATO, Mixv., Sept. 24.— J. E. and
C 11. Brown, proprietors of the Mapleton
Bank, made an assignment yesterday in
tavor ol W. 11. Whitney of Mapleton.
Their assets amount to H,O(X) ana lia
bilities to $100,000. The cuuse of the fail
ure is given out as bein-,' the advancing of
lame sums to erect a new block in
Mapleton.
Arttti/ of the I uinhr, laud.
ROCKFORD, 111., Sept. 24.— The Army
of the Cumberland to-day elected the fol
lowing otlirers : President, General W. S.
Roaecrans; corresponding secretary, Gen
eral H. V. Boynton; recording secretary,
J. \v*. Steil; treasurer, General Fullerton ;
historian, C G. Mifla. Columbus, Ohio,
wa> chosen as the next place oi meeting.
/.>».« 1«• iieliviuxt Head.
LONDON, F.no., Sept 24.— Bessie Bel
wood, the singer, who became widely
known througn her relations with the
Duke of Manchester and subsequently
with the late Marquis of Ailesbury, died
this evening from Heart disease. She was
39 years of ap.e.
Mn* Hi, ml,^ I'ritone,'.
CAIRO, Egypt, Sept. 24.— General Sir
W. H. Kitchener; commanding the Anglo
iaii exredition to Dongola, wires
that he lias captured 900 prisoners and
that his cavalry i* pursuing the enemy,
several of whom the pursuers have killea.
Captain Kenfpif Coming.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Sept. 24.-Cap
tain Louis Keuipff, who was recently
ordered to command the teceiring-ship
Independence, will leave forSan Francisco
October 1. stopping at St. Ix>ui« and other
Intermediate points, arriving at San Fran
cisco on October l&
1 tirtje Slentitthip Atlun-r.
LONDON, Em, Sept. 24. — a dispatch
from Amsterdam »ays a large steamship
is ashore on Terschelling "Island, in the
North Sea, and is believed to be one of the
North-German Lloyd Meet. A terrific gale
11 bk>WlUg.^^^^^^^^^^H^^^^^^^H
Sheerer* J'nriiion Burned.
PROYIDF.NCK. R. 1., Sept. 24.-Sher
rer's pavilion at Naragansett pier was de
stroyed by tire this mornine, causing a
los« of ?r>o.i.XX> or JWII.OOO, which is covered
by insurance.
An I'tihttotrn Hark founders.
BRFMERHAYEN t Gkkmany, Sept."2s.—
An unknown bark foundered to-day near
the island of Borknm. off the mouth of
the River F.m«. All on board the vessel
are supposed to have been lost
Treasury Gold Keierre.
WASHING TON. 1). C, Sept. IT.-The
treasury cold reserve at the close of bim
nes* to-day stood ar M19,44i.41& Rm
day's withdrawals at New York were
I
Baron de Ueer lira I.
STOCKHOLM. Swrt>Ey, Sept. M.— Limil
Gerhard, Baron de Geer. of Finspansr, the
celebrated Swedish statesman and poli
tician, died her* this morninp, ageii 7S
years.
RED FIRE AT SAN RAFAEL.
Vreatett Republic** liall v Ever H'.:oi< ,1
in the Ciiunty.
SAN RAFAEL. Cal,, Sept. 24.— At the
San Rafael Ope^a- house to-night was held
the largest and most enthusiastic rally
Of Republicans the connty has ever
known. The large hall was crowded to
the doors and hundreds of people desiring
to listen to the speakers were turned away
nnable to nnd mere standing-room. The
house was profusely decorated with bunt
ing, flags and portraits of McKiulev ana
Hobsrt.
The principal speakers were Senator
t\*°iT- X*K * C Perkins and General John H.
Dickinson. A large delegation came on a
special train from Saasalito.
_They were met at the nation by the
Republican clubs of San Rafael, beaded
by the brass bauds of Sausalitoand San
Kafael. Bonfires were burning all along
Fourth »twet. Rockets wero sent up and
guns were fired to add to th» enthusiasm
Chairman Hassoa opened the rally with
a speech for protection and McKSntev. He
was succeeded by Sydney V. Smith." Gen
eral Dickenson followed with an eloquent
appeal for the principles of Republican
ism. Senator Perkins was received with
applause. He spoke eloquently, and at
some length.
* «
TH-uron't J>
ttubUf»u Club.
TIBUROX. Cal., Sept. 24.—The JlcKin
ley and Hobart Club of TiDnron is in a
flourishing condition. Already there are
sixty -one members enrolled. Commodious
headquarters have been established at
Foresters* Hall. The only political ban
ner on the main street of the town is the
one in front of the headquarters bearing
th? legend. "McKinley and Hot-art Sound
money Club." The club is officered as
follows: Peter Dean, president; Charles
Heyfron, vice-president; "William C
Lewis, aecretary; J. O'Connell, treasurer.
The dub, accompanied by its band ot mu
sicians, attended the grand rally of Re
publicans at San Rafael to-night
THE SAN Fli AX CISCO CALL, IKIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1596.
GRIFFIN NAMED
FOR GOVERNOR
National Democrats of New-
York Hold Their
Convention,
AND SELECT NOMINEES.
Thacner Will Have Opposition
Among Bourbons of the
Empire State.
HINRICHS IN SECOND PLACE.
Mistakes in the Chicago Platform
Pointed Out in a Most
Forceiur Style.
BROOKLY, N. V., Sept. 24. -The con
vention of the National Democracy, ad
journed from the session held at Syracuse
August M, met this evening in the Acad
emy of Music in this city and completed
its work by naming a ticket for State offi
cers and electors for Palmer and Buckr.er.
The convention was perfectly harmonious.
The Academy was crowded and hundreds
John Boyd Thachcr, a Champion
of Sound Money, "Who "Was
Nominated by the New York
Silver Democrats for Governor.
were turned away. Many men prominent
in the party in the istate was present.
This was the ticket nominated :
For Governor— Daniel D. Griffin of Wa
tertown.
For Lieutenant-Governor— Frederick W.
Hinrichs of Kings.
For Judge Court of Appeals— Spencer
Clinton of Buffalo.
Charles S. Fairchild, the permanent
chairman, called the convention to order
at 8:25, and after reading a telegram of
congratulation from the rhairuian of the
convention of the sound-money Demo
crats at Atlanta, Ga., and explaining that
the convention of August SI aajourned to
meet again to-day, he asked tue further
pleasure of the convention. Secretary
Henry 11. Sherman then called the roll.
When the rollcall was finished Kdward M.
Shepard of Kings offered a resolution,
which was adopted, changing the name of
the organization. It is to be known here
after as the National Democratic party in
stead of the Democratiu party reform
organization.
Francis M. Scott of New York said it
was most important thai a warfare for
Congressmen should be made aa for Presi
dential candidate*, and be> offered a reso
lution, which was adopted, that the
electors of the National Democratic party
in the several Congressional districts be
advised to neither nominate, indorse nor
support any l^emooratic candidate for
Congress who does not unequivocally ac
cept and indorse the platform adopted by
the National convention at Indianapolis.
John de Witt Warner presented an ad
it ress to the Democracy oi the State of
New York, which was prepared by the
Btate Committee, and was adopted as a
declaration of principles for which the
convention stands. It is, iv part, as foi
lews:
The Democratic party, from Its formation as
exemplified by the teachings of its illustrious
iouuders aud leaders, in its formal actions and
in the sentiments of the great mass of its ad
herents, has always contended for a faithful
performance of public and private contract!!,
au honest currency, respect lor and obedience
to judicial authority, and that the creation of
class distinctions foreign to the genius of our
institutions would 'inevitably menace the
safety of the Republic Because we maintain
thai the principles declared at Saratoga aud
reiterated at Indianapolis tire too important
and sacred to yield to the clamor of party regu
larity we are charged with attempting to dis
rupt the parly. *•»••
-• The story of the Chicago Convention need
not be told in detail. A majority of that mis
guided defied and trampled underfoot
the chief principles of Democracy and nomi
nated a candidate who is willing to be known
as a Democrat in name provided the party will
tease to be Democratic In principle.
The events at Buffalo are too recent to re
quire extended comment. Impelled by a
latalisxu whica has no parallel in the history
of politics the convention lashed itself to the
corpse of Populism. Is the offense in the plat
form of the Buffalo Convention palliated ana
are Democrats to be placated by the inhar
monious opinions of its candidates-opinions so
little respected, even by himself, that ho will
repudiate them for his rote? .No.
Theodore Bacon of Monroe was chosen
as an elector at large in place of Judge
Kane, who was found 10 be ineligible •
Oswald Ottendorfer, the other elector at
larce, was chosen at Syracuse.
Electors were named for the thirty-four
Congressional districts.
dominations for Governor being in or- I
der, St. Claire McKelway of Kincs nomi
nated Daniel Q. Griffin of Watertown in
a eulogistic speech.
Judge Parcell of Jefferson seconded the
nomination. HESB
Mr. Bliss of Queens nominated Patrick
J. Gleasouof Lon* Island City, who, in
turn, moved that Mr. Griffin be nominated
by acclamation. This done, he was offi
cially declared the gubernatorial nominee,
John de. Witi .Warner, for the delegates
o! the City of New York, placed the name
of .Frederick \V. llinricus of Kings tor
Lieutenant-Governor.
Charles J. Patterson of Kings seconded
the nomination of Mr. .-ions.
John A. iienncberrr moved that Mr.
Hinnchs be nominated by acclamation.
I* was unanimous.
John G. Milburti of Erie rose to present
a name for Judge of the Court of Appeals
He was interrupted by a burst of ap
plause, which announced the arrival of
General John A. Palmer, the candidate of
the party for President;
When General Palmer cad taken a seat
on th .« platiorm and quiet had been re- !
9 «°£* * L Mr> MllbQ named Sp«nc«r Clinton
Of BnfTalo as the choice of the Erie County
delegation for Associate Justice of the
Court of Appeals. Mr. Clinton was nomi
nated without opposition.
B. B. Stapler of West Chester then
offered a resolution indorsing the Indian
apolis platform and ticket. It was read
amid cheers and adopted.
The business of the convention having
been concluded. Chairman Fairehild intro
duced General Palmer. The general was
received with cheers. He started in by
s>ayiiij» that a Senator from Missouri said
it is tne duty of a Democrat to first vote
the ticket and then read the platform. He
said that he congratulated himself that he
was in the presence of Democrats who first
read the platform and decided whether to
vote for the candidate or not. The re
mainder of his speech was denunciatory of
tho policy of repudiation.
VISALIA'S MURDER TRIAL
General Kittrell Makes a Passionate Plea
for Ardill'* J.ije.
VISAL.IA, C.v., Sept. '24.— 0n1y a small
crowd attended tf.e arguments in the Ar
dell case to-day. J. W. Ahem, ex-District
Attorney of Kern County, one of the coun
sel for the prosecution, made a clear and
concise argument that covered every point
of the evidence. At 11:15 a. m. General
Kittrell started in and his argument lasted
until 4:30 p. m. It was intermingled
throughout with a plea for mercy for Ar
dell. The last iirteen minutes of the argu
ment was an eloquent flow of oratory, ap
pealing to the jury to ba merciful to his
client.
M. E. Power will close to-morrow.
lrank Davenport, the man tbsrt rode
with Dan AlcCall the Bunday preceding
the holdup last March, has been turned
loose for the second time. The prosecu
tion is satisfied that he is innocent.
DON'T WANT TO COME HERE
Politics Hlak« Trouble for a Chicago
Government Officer.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 24. — Notwith
standing the report sent from Washington
last night as to Dr. Hamilton's protest
against being transferred to San Francisco,
that gentleman insists that the question of
his removal is not yet settled, and will not
be until the Secretary of the Treasury gives
a hearing to his appeal from the surgeon
general's order, which will be at any time
within the next ten days.
Dr. Hamilton win nave a hearing before
Secretary Carlisle at Washington to-mor
row. The doctor expects to show that the
order was instigated by a letter written to
Washington from Chicago, intimating that
he was taking a prominent part in politics
in order to secure a preferment in the event
of a change in the administration.
Dr. Hamilton believes the post in Chi
cago to be preferable to any in the service,
in connection with the fact that the office
of the American Medical Journal, of which
he is editor, is located in Chicago.
LOS ANGELES SUICIDE,
E. Norman Penfisld Hangs Him
self During a Fit of
Despondency.
The Rccrit Death of His Affianced
Supposed to Have Unssttled
His Mind.
Los Angeles Office or The Call,)
SIS South Broadway,
Los Angkles, Cal., Sept. 24.)
A sad and tragic seauel was enacted
here this afternoon as the result of tue
death of a lovely young woman, the
fiancee of a young man who has since
been crazed by the untimely death of his
sweetheart. The engaged young man was
EL Norman PentieU. Dowucast, heart
broken and all but insane this young man
retired to a closet in his father's house
and hanged himself. The deceased was
known in Los Angeles and San Francisco,
but best known in Santa Barbara. He
was but 22 years of age. He was born in
Illinois, but came to California some
years ago, and since then has resided in
various cities. He was a member of Christ
Episcopal Church, and lived with his
parents, four brothers and • sister, all of
whom are prostrated by the terrible blow.
The young lady to whom Penbeld was
engaged died a mouth azo, and since then
those having him in charge have not
dared to leave him out of their sight. It
is known that his mental despondency
was caused by his grief.
FRED COOPER IS WANTED
Charge With Embezzling $SOO of Bit
Employer's Honey.
LOS ANGELES. Cal.. Sept. 24—Fred
Cooper, traveling salesman in the tobacco
and cigar department of Craig, Stnart <fc
Co., whose place of business ia on South
Los Angeles Btreet, has decamped, taking
with him about fJOO of the firm's money.
Cooper, since the death of bis wife, is
said to have led a somewhat wild life, but
I unfortunately for his employers his bad
; habits were not known. The story of his
downfall and the fact that the detectives
are looking for him leaked out in some
mysterious manner and was the general
topic of conversation among cigar-dealers
to-day. It was learned this morning that
a complaint had been filed charging nim
i with lelony embezzlement. At police
headquarters the correspondent was in
formed that every effort was being put
forward to catch Cooper, but owing to the
fact that he has two days' start the chances
for overtaking him are not very good.
Suspected Bank Robber in Jail.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 24.-Sherifl
Bailou of San Luis Obispo County
brought to the city ]ail here to-day a man
named P. Gojs. who is charged with rob
bing a oank in San Luis Obispo four years
ago. He was arrested in Clifton, Am., on
description and the Sheriff of San Luis
Obispo atterwaid notified.
J equated of a Murder Charge.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 24.-Tb»
jury in the case of the people against Al
bert Kingsbnry, charged with the murder
of Gnjalva, the Mexican, at Compion in
May last returned a verdict of not guilty
at a late hour to-nigbt
Grand lodge •/ Odd, jPtUotei.
DALLAS, Trr., Sept 24. — To-day the
i Sovereign Grand Lodge of Odd Fellows
went into aecret session. The records of
last year's secret session Were read and a
large number of amendments and cnanges
m too secret work were presented »nd
if f r vf to ti)e Proper committees. Anew
Kebekab Assembly installation ceremony
was adopted, and the committee on re
vision of the Kebekah ritual presented a
report, whicb. after considerable discus
j sion. was referred to a committee of ten
including the original committee of three,
who were instructed to report to-morrow
nioramg.
Hidera Jury Fall* to Aaret.
■ MADERA, Cal.. Sept 24.-The case of
the people against Jose Reyes, upon a
charge of an attempt to commit robbery,
was concluded to-day. The specific act
for which Reyes was prosecuted was going
nto a restaurants the Fourth of July
last and throwing an ; old :. man by the
name of Cooney on the floor, putting his
£.« 5 X? to £" Pockets and trying to take
from him $10. which the old man 1 ad.
-ne jury was out three hours and faiied to
agree, standing 10 to 2 for conviction.
■*"•»■• ••» « Jlm(m(4 Ranch.
MODESTO, Cal., S*pt 24.-Ye«terday a
nre destroyed a barn, granary and hay-
w SC , k Q e»n 2 to Gilbert L. kaker. near
« aterford, causing • loss of $1400. Tha
c*tue ol the ere is unsnown.
WHEN RAILROADS
DO NOT AGREE
An Open Rupture in the
Western Freight Asso
ciation.
TWO LINES WITHDRAW
Santa Fe and the Rock Island
Grow Weary of Double
Dealing.
AGREEMENTS ABE ALL BROKEN
Now the Companies Propose to Reduce
Rates to Suit Their Own
Convenience.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 24.— Quite a sen
sation was sprung in railroad circles this
evening by the withdrawal of the Athison,
Topeka and Santa Fe and the Chicago,
Rock Island ana Pacific companies from
the Western Freight Association. The
letters of- notification to Chairman Miag
ley are very firm and uncompromising and
indicate a very unsatisfactory state of af
fairs among the thirty-four lines compris
ing the association.
On behalf of the Santa Fe Paul Morton
writes Commissioner Midgley that, after
having been solicited to join the associa
tion in order to strengthen it, his company
was "extremely disappointed in the result
of the organization."
"The Western Freight Association agree
ment," he continues, "is being violated
every day by the issuance of independent I
and unauthorized tariffs and other irregu
lar methods, in consequence of which we
see nothing further to De gained by con
tinuing our membership in the associa
tion as at present organized, and this is to
give notice of our intention to withdraw
therefrom ten days from to-day."
In conclusion Mr. Morton says that "if
the time ever comes when there is appar- j
ently a desire on the part of our com
petitors to enter into an agreement and
carry it out honestly and literally we
shall be glad to join them."
For the Chicago, Rock Island and
Pacific Traffic Manager J. M. Johnson
refers to the appeal recently issued by
Chairman Midgley "for orderly methods,"
and says: "This seems to us to be a for
mal and official announcement by you of
what, in fact, has been the case for about
two months, viz. : a virtual abandonment
of the Western Freight Association by all
lines members of it. l'he only feature of
the agreement of this association that has
ever been of any substantial benefit to
members of it is the one which requires
all lines, before making any reductions in
rates other than those to meet outside
competition, to present the same for con
sideration at the regular meetings of the
association.
"Whereupon if the same were not acted j
'^rw-^.'C^rx J -^-^-.---- l _-_ fl _ l ! NEW TO-DAT.
Vi\ Well
\/ r Known
(W To be of a high standard
& and exquisite, art — Oregon
City Cassimere Clothing. Excelling in quality of cloth,
fit and workmanship. We show an unrivaled assort-
ment of late designs, in every way the equal of the best
merchant tailored garments, and at half the cost. Selec-
tions from a choice line of Cheviots, Scotch Tweeds and
invisible plaids— vests with fly fronts.
An Elegant Suit Like the
One Shown Above for
$12.50 Retailed to You at
the Wholesale Price.
$10.00 I^™°™^! $100fl
i^im^mm Ulster
Brown B»(o —
[ upon favorably the line deshing U make
the reduced rates was required to give ten
days' notice at the meeting in which
same was considered of his desire ai<l in
tention to put in specified rates, notvith
standing the action of the associa«ion
meeting to the contrary. The abandtn
[mentof this method of making rates js,
j therefore, virtually an abandonment of
the agreement, and so far as this company
is concerned it*can see no possible advan
tage in continuing party to an agreement
and a member of an association formed
by virtue of thi3 agreement, which is an
agreement and associat.on only in name,
and, as you state in your communication
before referred to, has no binding force,
power or effect whatever upon any of its
members."
The Rock Island also gives notice of a
negative vote in tne matter of restor
ing rates on packing-house products
of all kinds to those in effect August 1,
and announces its intention to reduce
rates on the 2Stii imt. as follows:
Proportional rates to Rock Island on
fresh meats in car lots from Wichita, 16>£
cents; Kansas City, St. Joseph and
Omana, 10 cents. On packing-house prod
ucts, carloads, Wichita, 14J4 cents; Kansas
City, etc., 8 cents; other points in propor
tion.
Commenting on this Commissioner
Midgley says:
"This tariff bears the notation: 'The
rates named above are not regarded as
fair compensation for the service, but are
forced on this company by competition of
other lines.' The Wabash also notifies it
will protect on wheat, carloads, 11 cents
per 100 pounds as proportional rate
Kansas City to Toledo and Detroit.
"The foregoing notices will throw light
upon some of the difficulties against which
the undersigned has recently contended in
tho earnest efforts put forth to obtain
natural advances in the rates on grain,
also on pacKing-house products."
Jiouble Wedding at Santa Ro.in.
SANTA ROSA, Cat... Sept. 24.— A pretty
double wedding took place here to-day.
Fred L. Baker of Oakland ana Miss
Evelyn Banta of Calistoga and Edward
T. Ross of Forestville and Miss Violet
Smith of San Pedro were united in mar
riage by Rev. Duncan Munro. After the
ceremony a wedding breakfast was served
in the Magnolia Hotel and the afternoon
train bore the happy party to San Fran
cisco for a short wedding trip.
LONG TIME BETWEEN.
The Bartender Wag Becoming Weary
of the Old Captain's Patronage.
The barkeeper laid down the interesting
account of the war oDerations in the East
which he had been reading as old Cap'n
Butler came rollin* in for his regular
"'leven o'clock," and reluctantly passed
over the decanter. For the Cap'n has a
reputation widely established for being
lone on time and snort on cash.
"You may put that down along 'ith the
others," he pleasantly observed as he re
turned the glass and passed the back of
his band lightly across his eloquent lips.
"I wish you were a Soudanese camel,"
discontentedly growled the barkeeper, as
he rinsed the glass.
"Inasmuch as to wherefore?" the Cap'n
wondered. "Because they allus takes a
large quantity of water? he facetiously
added.
"Xo." retorted tae barkeeper, wit)ing off
the counter.
"Because they co twenty days without
taking a drink," sighed the barkeeper, as
he lupged out the slate and jotted down
another unearned score.
The Cap'n was going to say something
about a man's getting his back up, but he
was so confused he never thought of it.
New York Recorder.
It Doesn't Always "Work That Way.
GREEN'SBURG, Pexx., July 6.— Joseph
Lineybright, a clerk in a grocery-store at
Delmont, had his first experience in talk
ing thiough a telephone there this after
r.oon, and he came within an ace of clos
ing his lire. A thunderstorm was raeinp,
and a bolt of lightning shot through the
Instrument. The young man fell to the
floor unconscious. He soon revived, how-
B y er , — Pittsburgh Dispatch.
» ♦ — ■»
The clock of St. Paul's Cathedral, Lon
don, strikes on three bells; the largest, on,
which the hours are struck, weighs 5 tons
t cwt.
NEW TO-DAT.'
IF YOU FEEL SICK,
WEAK AND TIRED,
If You Are Downhearted
and Discouraged Through
Repeated Failures to Get
Help,
DON'T GIVE UP.
DOCTOR SWEANY.
He Can Give You Advice
That Will Benefit You and
a Treatment That Will
Make You Well and
Strong.
He is a physician, whose rep-
utation is established by the in-
disputable evidence of ten years
of successful practice in San
Francisco, whose skill is un-
questioned, whose ability is rec-
ognized, whose cured patients
are scattered throughout the
city and vast land as living
monuments of his noble work
and successful practice. Med-
ical institutes have risen and
fallen ; specialists have come
and gone ; others will come and
go the same as those before
them, leaving their patients
poorer and uncured, but Dr.
Sweany, the reliable, honorable
and skilled specialist, whoso
offices so long established, will
always be found at 737 Market
street, San Francisco, extending
to the sick the best, safest and
most successful treatment which
the ripe experience of many
years 7 practice can furnish.
Diseases of young, middle-aged and
old men which weaken the body
and the brain, causing nervous
debility in all its distressing
forms, such as wasting away and
atrophy of the organs, night
emissions, drains which sap the
vitality, weak and failing man-
hood, aching back and diseased
kidneys, a tired feeling, fear of
danger or death, difficult breath-
ing, dizziness of the head, pal-
pitation of the heart, despon-
dency, poor memory, a wander-
ing mind, inflamed glands, vari-
cocelc, hydrocele, inflammation
and irritation of the adder,
difficult urination, enlarged
prostate gland, and all diseases
and weakness of the generative
organs fully and permanently
restored to natural strength and
vigor. Diseases of women scientif-
ically treated and invariably
cured.
Write if away from the city.
Valuable book. Guide to
Health/ a treatise on the dis-
eases of all the organs, free on
application. Address
Dfk F L SWEANY **■»«*«•*.
Ulh I. L. UHUWI, s«aF«aciaco>C»L
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
' -opgy pxtil midnight.
T**y» VEB BEST ici TO KXAJign
*»**»•• *ritfita*sruin«uu oi & o%ra Jawatioa,
whos. saperJoriy ha. bo» twvoiiiu:^ H/»a«>.
: otac» Hour- ia to 4r. m.
COSMOP>O3jIT 3-
Opposite O. s. Mini. 100 *nd iC3 r.fta *=-• «*»
Frisco. Ou._Th«mo s r*ejStji J a< howl ta
Bowl ama rooa» *l #1 83 *=J ** 50 P«t
«y, *ooonUn« to loom.  3 »jc. Soonu Si) 3
glassy h^s?^^frAa^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
C^*"^ J** PaiLMpS. ATTORXEY-AT.
, A * lr *0w Nourr Pnfeihv Ass il»r**t •!•. OPiy*WOULD WITHDRAW
THE DIPLOMATS
Gladstone Urges Vigorous
Steps Regarding the
Sultan.
MASSACRES MUST CEASE.
Turkey's Underhand Policy
Should Not Be Countenanced
by the Powers.
IUROPEAN WAR NOT WANTED.
But England Is Urged to Act Inde
pendently in the Interests
of Humanity.
LIVERPOOL, England, Bept 24.— Four
thousand persons were present at the
mass-meeting held in Hengler's circus
this afternoon under the auspices of the
Liverpool Reform Club to protest apainst
the rule of the Sultan of Turkey and the
massacres of Armenians in the Turkish
empire. The gathering included well
known men of all political parties, and
the audience which greeted Mr. Glad
stone, who was the principal speaker, was
a most enthusiastic one. The meeting
was presided over by the Earl of Derby.
Mr. Gladstone was in excellent health and
voioe and was noticeably active in his
movements.
Prefacing his address, Mr. Gladstone
proposed a resolution setting forth that
the meeting trusted that the Government
realized the terrible condition in which
their fellow Christians in Turkey were
placed and that they would do everything
possible to obtain for them a full measure
of security and protection.
The resolution also declared that the
Government would have tne fullest public
support in whatever steps it might take
tn put a stop to the atrocities wtiich were
being committed in Turkey.
Mr. Gladstone, as be stepped forward to
begin his remarks, was cheered for many
minutes. Mr. Gladstone said:
"The resolution which I have proposed
observes the rules of prudence, and does
not require, even for the sake of a great
end, that we place ourselves in a state of
war with uniteri Europe."
Continuing, he ridiculed the idea that a
state of war would be the result or conse
quence of England's acting alone in giv
ing an ultimatum to the Porte. He would
not be the one to plunge Kngland into
war, but England would not make of her
self a slave to be dragged by the chariot
wheels of the other powers of Europe.
[Cheers.]
England, he said, had a just right to
coerce Turkey, and the first step must be
the recall of our Embassador from Con
stantinople and the consequent dismissal
of the Turkish Embass&dor in London.
[Loud and prolonged cheers.] That
would not rause a European war. [Cheers
and laughter.] England could then tell
the Porte that she meant to consider
means of enforcing ncr own just demands.
"We should declare," he continued,
"that we would not turn any ensuing war
to our own advantage. The concert of
Europe is an august and useful instru
ment, but it has not usually succeeded in
dealing with the Eastern question, which
has arrived at a period when it is neces- I
sary to strengthen the hands of the Gov- j
eminent by an expression of National
opinion. I believe that the con
tinued presence of the Embassadors at I
Constantinople has operated as a distinct !
countenance to the Sultan, who is thus j
their reco~nized aily. But while urging j
the Government to act, it does not follow I
thai even for the sake of the great object '
in view Great Britain should transplant j
Europe into a state of war. On the other j
hand, however, I deny that England must
abandon her right to independent judg
ment and allow hers. If to be domineered
by the other powers. [Cheers.]
Mr. Gladstone said the Turkish Govern
ment in 1876 denied the massacres had
occurred but that these massacres bad
since passed into history as facts. The
same system of denials is practiced now
and will be practiced so long as tne pow
ers of Europe shall tolerate ii.
It is to oe hoped, Mr. Gladstone de
clared, that the weakness of diplomacy
would be strengthened by this strong na- j
tion's voice. Diplomatic representatives
in Constantinople of six great powers
after the massacre in the Turkish capital
brought their courage to the sticking point
and addressed a note to the Sultan, in
forming his Majesty that the atrocities
should cease, or that otherwise a prejudice
would be created against the Turkish Gov
ernment.
"I," continued Mr. Gladstone, "askwnat j
would the guilty author of these massacres
want more than to confine the matter to a
paper war?" [Loud cheers.]
Mr. Gladstone said that six great powers
of Europe represented at Constantinople
had failed to make the Sultan fulfill his j
treaty obligations. Tne continuation of I
diplomatic relations with the Sultan had j
not prevented the horrible massacres at
Constantinople, but it had permitted
the Sultan to remain the recognized ally
of Great Britain. Gladstone in the course
of h;s peroration said:
"Let us extract ourself from oar present
ambiguous post. Let as renounce our
neutrality. Let us, by loyally promising
her Majesty's Ministers our ungrudging
and enthusiastic support, induce them by |
word and deed to show their detestation j
of acts which may even yet come to such I
a depth of atrocity as has never vet been j
recorded in the deplorable history of |
human crime." [Loud and prolonged
cheers-!
Mr. Gladstone's voice remained strong
and clear to the end. The resolutions of
fered by the ex- Premier were adopted
unanimously.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 24.— A Con
stantinople dispatch to tue Lokal Anzieger
says that the diplomats in the Turkish
capital have been instructed to suspend
tlieir conferences on the Armenian ques
tion, as direct negotiations are pending
between the Porte and the powers.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Sept. 24.—
In a restrained and dignified nrticleon the
Armenian question, the Russia Gazette
urges, in the interests of European peace
and unon principles of humanity, a reap
proacliinent between Russia and Great
Britain.
It declines to indorse the suggestion that
Great Britain arranged the massacres in
her own interests, and declares that it be
lieves that toe sympathy of the powers is
on her side, It is in favor of decisive pres
sure beine brought to bear on the Porte,
to whose faulty poyerntnent Is largely due
the dark side of recent events.
The Gazette adds: Strict watchfulness
of the interests of Russia -in the East can
not be considered by Russian diplomacy
as anabsolute impediment to the establish
ment in the near future of such an entente
with Great Britain and trie other powers
as will afford a solution of the compli
cated question which unceasingly alarms
Europe.
CAMPING PARTY CASUALTY.
Young Sam Parr of Sycamore Aceiden
talhj Kills Himself.
COLUSA, Cal., Sept. 24.— Sam Parr was
shot and killed Wednesday afternoon by
the accidental discharge of his shotgun.
He, in company with his father and sis
ter, Mrs. George E. Stmchneld, and her
husband, were on their way home to Syca
more, after a three weeks' outing in the
Coast Range Mountains. They had just
passed Leesville, when the yonng man
leaned over to get a cigerelte out of his
coat, which was in the bottom of the
wagon. As he did so his gun slipped from
his grasp and dropped out of the vehicle.
He grabbed for it just as it struck the
wheel and was discharged, the full con
tents of which struck him in the left side
of the head, tearing it almost completely
away. The sufferer was taken back to the
Leesville Hotel and died before medical
assistance could be secured. The deceased
was about 21 years of age and well known
in this community.
TACOMA TRAGEDY.
A Miner Fatally Shoots His Wife, but
Fairs to KW Himself.
TACOMA. Wash., Sept. 24.— John Mich
out, a miner, sbot his wife twice in the
head this morning at the Fannie Paddock
Hospital and tlien put a bullet into his
own head. The woman will probably die,
one ball having penetrated the frontal
bone ever the left eye ana lodged in the
brain. He will recover. Ik#.chout has re
peatedly abused his wife and failed to
provide for her. Four times she has left
him with her two children, and three
months ago she secured work at the hos
pital. Several times Michout baa en
treated her to return, but she refused. To
day he called and found her at a machine
in the sew ing- room. After a minute's
conversation he pulled a 42-calioer re
volver and shot her. She screamed and
walked upstairs before fainting. Michout
is in jail.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CONTEST
Emma L. Parker Again on the
Stand and Repeats Her
Testimony.
Claims That Jane and Marshall Pome
roy Infiuenctd Testator Against
H r Husband.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 24.— Emma L.
i Parker, the contestant in the Parker will
I contest, was on the stand to-day. She
I told substantially the same story as at the
former trial. Mrs. Parker testified to sev
eral conversations she had bad with
George H. Parker, in which the deceased
had said he intended to leave his money
to his son. She also said that Jane and
Marshall Pomeroy had influenced the tes
tator against Edward Parker, the contest
( ant's husband.
NEARLY A DISASTER
Light Engine Runs Into a Passenger
Train Near Mountain fiete.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— The south
bound passenger train, due here from San
Francisco at 12:40 o'clock, collided with a
light engine just south of Mountain View
to-day. A turn in the road was being ap
proached. A moment later the engineer
on the passenger train could not have
seen the engine approaching and there
would have been a disastrous wreck. The
passenger engine was reversed and came
to a standstill. The light engine contin
ued, but so slowly that when the crash
came only the cowcatchers on the two
engines were wrecked, and neither of them
nor any of the cars ieft the track. The
shock threw a number of passengers from
their seats, but no one was hurt except
Mrs. George Peck of Troy, N. V., who had
her knee badly bruised.
The cause of the presence of the engine
on the track on the time of a passenger
train could not be learned. The collision
did not delay the passenger train long.
Grand Court of Foresters.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— The Grand
Court of California, Independent Order of
Foresters, will convene at the Hotel Ven
donie in thi« city on October 14. It is ex
pected that several hundred delegates
from various parts of the Sta'e will be in
attendance. On Wednesday evening, Oc
totwr 14, at Hotel Vendonie, Dr. Oran
hyatekha, the supreme chief of the Order
of the World, will deliver an address.
Mayor Koch will welcome the delegates to
the city, and a grand ball and banquet
will follow.
W. O. T. V. Delegates Elected.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— The
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
this city has elected the following dele
gates to the State convention, W. C. T. U.,
which meets at Petaluma on October 12:
Mrs. C. M. Ayers, Mrs. S. W. Thompson,
Mrs. S. W. Gilcnrist, Mrs. M. C. Gill, Mrs.
L. H. Barton and Mrs. J. M. Lynn; alter
nates—Mrs. L. J. Shafter, Mrs, E. L.
Bailey, Mrs. Jtf. H. Cottle, Mrs. E. M.
Priddy, Mra. M. J. Craig, Mrs. R. Pat
terson.
- — — • —
Freeholders' Mass-Meeting.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— A mass
meeting called by the Board of Trade was
held in this city to-night for the purpose
of selecting a committee to nominate fif
teen freeholders to frame a new city char
ter. 8. E. Bmith actpd as chairman and
W. E. Crossman secretary. The commit
tee named consists of sixty-three promi
nent citizens. The election of freeholders
will take piace November 2.
. • ■ ■ «
Robbed by Two Footpads.
SAN JOSiS, Cal., Sept. 24.— L. Dan
berg, who resides on South Second street,
between Virginia and Margaret, was held
up and robbed last night. As Dauberg
was about to enter the gate to his resi
dence two men stopped him and at the
point of a revolver compelled him to give
up $19 and a silver watch.
AMERICAN BANKERS ADJOURN.
Amendment to Constitution Adopted and
Ofiirer* Elected.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 24.- At this
morning's session of tne American Bank
ers' Association convention a proposed
amendment to the constitution, whereby
trust companies were admitted as a sec
tion of the association, was unanimously
adopted. Delegate Russell of Detroit, on
behalf of the Detroit Clearing-house Asso
ciation, extended to the association an
invitation to meet in Detroit in 1897. The
invitation was referred to the executive
council with an amendment that an earlier
month than September be selected.
Robert J. Lowry of Atlanta, Ga., was
elected president and J. C. hendrix of New
York first vice-president. The convention
adjourned sine die at noon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
CAMPAIGN GUNS
TO THE NORTH
Carry the Flash and Roar
of McKinley and Ho
bart Powdtr.
SACRAMENTO IS NEXT.
Scott and McKinlay of San Fran
cisco Will Speak There
To-Night
RAILROAD WORKMEN IN LINE.
Stalwart Laborers of the Railroad
Shops Are Forming Numerous
Marching Clubs-
BACRAMENTO, Cal., Bept. 24.—To
morrow night the opening gun of the Re
publican campaign will be fired in this
city. D. A. McKinlay .and Irving M.
Scott of San Francisco will occupy the
rostrum of the Metropolitan Theater in
behalf of McKinley and protection.
Although to the world at large and in
fact to t c majority of the residents of
this city Republicanism during the past
few weeks in this locality has seemingly
occupied a restful seat — in reality there
has been a vast amount of quiet prepara
tory work accomplished. Within a very
short time the Republicans of Sacramento
will enter the political arena with a rush
which will undoubtedly carry everything
before it
One of the greatest surprises to the
party's political enemies has been the en
thusiastic spirit which has developed
among the bard-handed sons of toil, wbo
labor in the various departments of the
railroad shops in this city. Although
fully assured that their political liberty
would in no way be interfered with, and
that they might wear Bryan badges as
large as a mill wheel if they so wished and
believed in the windy ban ncr- Dearer of
free silver, they have on the contrary
chosen in the main to enroll themselves
beneath the banner of McKinley and sound
money.
The employes of carshop 5 were the
first to come out and declare themselves,
and night after nigbt they have repaired
to the Capitol grounds after their hard
day's work and drilled for hours in all the
various marching evolutions practiced by
crack military corps. They are rapidly
attaining perfection. Their example very
evidently stimulated competition, and
now nearly every department of the vast
plant has organized a McKinley and
sound-money club and are spending their
evenings in drill practice, so that when
the era of torchlight parades dawns on
the political horizon the most proficiently
drilled bodies of men who will gather
beneath the banner of Republicanism will
oe the stalwart laborers ot the railroad
shops. Nor are the local Assembly clubs
at all idle. As yet they refuse to divulge
their intentions. The Twenty-first Astem
bly Republican Club has 454 names upon
its roster, every one of whom is a stench
believer in protection. Toe Twentieth
Assembly Republican Club has fully as
many members, and the McKinley Club
even more, while there are numerous
other clubs in process of formation.
SAN MATEO CONVENTION.
Republicans Indorse MeKinley and
Nominate County Cfficers.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Sept 24.— The
Republican County Convention was field
to-day in this city. W. Z. Price of Red
wood City was chairman and C. M. Morse
of San Mateo secretary. The convention
was called to order at 11 o'clock, and,
after electing temporary officers and ap
pointing committees on credentials, plat
form and resolutions and permanent
organization, adjourned till 2 o'clock.
After reassembling the reports of the
committees were adopted. The platform
indorses McKinley and Hobart and the
National platform adopted at St. Louis.
The nomination of Eugene F. Loud for
Congress was indorsed.
The Supervisorial nominees were
especially pledged to improve the roads
and highways of the county and keep them
in the best possible condition consistent
with a moderate tax levy.
The platform also contained a resolution
reciting an agreement with Santa Cruz
County, made four years ago, providing
that the Senatorial nominee should corue
alternately from each of the two counties
comprising the Senatorial district, and
that this time it is San Mateo Oourty's
turn.
A resolution indorsing A. G. Witter and
recommending him to the convention at
Santa Cruz as the choice of San Mateo
County Republicans for Btate Senator was
adopted.
The convention then proceeded to ballot
for candidates. For Superior Judge Jo
seph J. Bullock of Redwood City and
Frod King, son of the late Thomas Starr
King, were named. Mr. Bullock received
the nomination. In accepting the nomi
nation Mr. Bullock made an eloquent
speech, which was frequently interrupted
by applause.
There were four aspirants for the honor
of representing Ban Mateo County in the
next Assembly: H. B. P. Macaulay of
Redwood City, F. A. Hornblower, a former
Police Judpi' of San Francisco; ex-Assem
blyman James T. O'Keefe and S. G. Good
hue of San Mateo. After the first ballot
Hornblower and Macauley withdrew, the
second ballot resulting in Goodhue being
selected.
George W. Lovie of Redwood City
Howard Q. Tilton of Baden, and John
Valladoo of Spanishtown, were nominated
for Supervisors.
The delegates to the joint Senate rial
convention at Santa Cruz next Saturday
tire: C. R. Splivalo, A. Gordon, H. Beeger
J. B. Snyder, R. H. Jury, H. Dearborn and
R. H. Hatch.
For County Central Committeamen the
following were elected: H. S. Hears
Julius Eikerenkotter, C. R. Splivalo|
William Nelson and H. Dearborn, with j!
S. Conover, J. Oakes, J. P. Rogers, F. B.
Fillmore and G. E. Smith as alternates.
FOTOGRAPH AT MONTEREY.
A Brass Band's Hard Time to Drum Up
a Crowd.
MONTEREY, Cal.; Sept. 24.— At the
Democratic primaries here to-day to elect
delegates to the county convention, to be
held in Salinas next Monday, J. S. B.
Maltby and William Hannon will repre
sent Del Monte Precinct and R. F. Hanna,
Sam Hanna, Andrea Norton, Peter Ser
rano, Audel Sanctiez, G. Rico, C. M. Tucker
and J. F. Moore, Monterey. Patrick
Carmody and E. Duarte were chosen to
represent New Monterey.
The Populist-Democratic element of this
city and Pacific Grove, which is not string,
assembled at £agt>y's Opera- houw on
Alvarado street to-n:ghtto listen to C. A.
Barlow, the fusion candidate for Congress
of thl3 the Sixth District, and E. E.
Cothran, a lawyer of San Jose, on the
issues of the campaign. The Monterey
band, which marchea up and down the
street for an hour before the speaking
commenced, failed to bring out the crowd
that was expected. The opera-house was
quite well filled and each speaker con
sumed about forty-rive minutes.
YREEA REPUBLICANS.
One of the Largest Conventions Ever Meld
in the County.
YREKA, Cal., Sept. 24.— The Republi
cans met in county convention to-day. It
was one of the largest and most enthusi
astic conventions ever held In this county.
Hon. J. S. Beard was renominat*d for Su
perior Judge. Three candidates for Super
visor were nominated and one of the
strongest platforms on the financial ques
tion ye». presented was adopted. This is a
gold-mining county and believes in Mc-
Kinley and sound money.
The Populists met in convention yester
day, nominating a full ticket They re
fused to appoint a conference committee
to meet a similar committee from the
Democrats.
McKINLEY DELEGATES.
Chieo Delegates Are Guarding Republi
can Interests There.
CHICO, Cal., Sept. 24.— The McKiuley
and Hobart Club held a rousing meeting
at the Town Hall this evening. The pur
pose of the meeting was to nominate dele
gates to be elected next Saturday for the
county convention, wnich is to be held in
Oroville next Wednesday. The seven pre
cincts of this city were well represented
and able delegates were chosen to guard
the Republican interests in this end of the
county.
CARLSON AT MADERA.
The Independent Congressional Candi
date* Original Platform.
MADERA, Cal., Sept. 24.— Mayor Carl
son of San Diego, independent candidate
for Congress, spoke here to-night in favor
of protection to American fruit-growers
and more money for American working
men through his plan for the Government
to erect a public building in every county
seat of the Nation where it is to-day a
tenant and thus stop paying rent, which
aggregates $10,000,000 a year. The money
now paid as rent, he said, could be used
to redeem the proposed public improve
ment currency of $500,000,000, thereby
avoiding any more bond issues and save
paying interest. He says his prospects
have improved since the withdrawal of L.
J. Maddux, the straight Democratic can
didate. Mayor Carlson spoke at Merced
last night.
Silver Solicitor From Colorado.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., Sept. 24.— M. 8.
Taylor, the silver orator of Colorado,
spoke to a large audience here to-night.
The local silver men had left no stone
unturned in providing a reception for the
eloquent advocate of their favorite doc
trine and were well rewarded for their
trouble. The speaker's view of the finan
cial subject, though quite exhaustive, was
moie persuasive than argumentative and
•yoked considerable applause. Grant O.
Richards was chairman of the meeting.
He introduced the speaker in a brief
address. Many prominent Democrats and
Populists occupied seats upon the plat
form, and in the audience most all of the
prominent Republicans of this city might
nave been seen.
Free Silver ctcorched.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Sept. 24.— The gold
Democrats held a big rally here this even
ing. The opera-house wns packed' to
listen to a speech on sound money deliv
ered by Hon. Will A. Harris, the silver
tongued orator of Southern California.
Mr. Harris eloquently scored the party of
free silver and as eloquently urged his
hearers to cast their votes for sound
money. •
TROUBLE IN THE ORIENT
The Anti- Foreign Feeling at
Foo Chow Causes Much
Uneasiness.
Japanese Coasting Steamers Overhaul
and Assault Vessels of Other
Nations.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 24.— The
steamship Empress of India arrived yes
terday from the Orient. Among the pas
sengers is his Excellency Yen Nien, who
is intrusted with an itrportant diplomatic
mission to Washington by the Emperor
of China.
Foo Chow was to have been opened up
as a treaty port on (he 7th inst. The
Shanghai papers loudly praise United
States Consul Jarnigan, as it was mainly
due to him that the port was opened, the
officials having adopted obstruction tac
tics.
Numerous assaults have been made on
foreigners by Japanese coasting steamers,
and foreign engineers and officers have
applied to the Consuls to bave a severe
penalty inflicted in such cases.
Much uneasiness prevails in the province
of Foo Chow owing to the anti-foreign
feeling that appears to be developing
among the natives. It is said that the
city of Kien Nieng Fa has been placarded
since August 24 to the effect that foreign
properties will be burned down and all
foreigners found therein massacred. Dr.
Rigg is the only foreigner there, and
Archdeacon Wolfe, on receipt of this in
telligence, took immediate steps to get the
Chinese officials in that city to protect Dr.
Rigg and his mission party.
It is rumored that Li Hung Chang on
his return to China will be reinstated in
all his former positions, including that of
Viceroy of Chihli, and that Viceroy Wang,
the present holder of the post, is rapidly
losing credit in Peking.
FOUR MURDERERS EXECUTED.
Neta Mexico Establishes Her Claims to
Statehood.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., Sept. 24.—
Donicio Sandoval, who shot and killed
Victoriano Tenorio in this county in July,
1895, was executed here this morning at 8
o'clock before a crowd of several thousand.
He refused to say a word on the scaffold
and was calm and composed to tne last.
He was pronounced dead twelve seconds
after the drop.
Perfecto Padilla, who assassinated John
Vipond. a miner, and Rosario Rine, who
shot and killed Carlos Mibarri, were exe
cuted this morning at Tierra Amarilla.
Still another execution occurred at Ros
weli, where Antonio Gonzales paid the
death penalty for the murder ot Charles
Van Sycle.
All of these cases have been fought from
the lowest to the highest conrts. The last
appeal was settled on the Btd of this
month and the murderers were again sen
tenced.
Arrested for Mann laughter.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept 24.— "Doc" W.
H. Maple, a nicicel-in-the-slot machine
agent, was arrested to-night for man
slaughter. A week ago his wife, anspect
ing an undue intimacy between himself
and a Mrs. Jennie Melcher, a married
woman, forced him to write Mrs. Meicher
a letter decoying her to an office in the
McKey building. Upon the arrival of the
unsuspecting woman Maple held her
while his wife assaulted her in a most in
human manner. As a result of the assault
this morning Mrs. Melcher waa delivered
of a dead child.
GOVERNOR BUDD
STAYS EXECUTION
Lease of Life Is Extended
for the Cummings
Brothers.
THIRTY DAYS' RESPITE.
Would Have Been Hanged To-
Day but for a Legal In
formality.
PROLONGING THEIR SUSPENSE.
Nothing in the Act to Indicate That
the Murderers Will Escape
the Gallows.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept 24.—Gov
ernor Budd has granted a stay of execu
tion of the death sentence of the Cum
mings brothers, who were to have suffered
the extreme penalty of the law at San
Quentin to-morrow, for a period of thirty
aays, or until October 30. This leniency
upon the part of the Executive, however,
is not at nil indicative that the death sen
tence will not be ultimately carried out,
as the sole reason for granting the re
prieve is the failure, of the sentencing
Judge to carry out that section of the
Penal Code which provides that a copy of
all the evidence in capital crimes must be
forwarded to the Governor's office. This
was not done in the Cummings brotl.ers'
case, and when applications for mercy
were received at the Governor's office in
their behalf the Executive found that the
trial testimony was missing and he was
unable to properly examine into the mer
its of the case, and to enable him to do so
he granted the commutation.
MAKE A CONFESSION.
Story Told on What 'Ihey Believed to Be
Thiir Last Day.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 24.— John
and C'ie-ar Cummings, the two young
men now in San Quentin wbo were to be
executed to-morrow for the killing of the
Riverside rancher, T. C. Narramore, re
ceived at 3 o'clock this afternoon from
Governor Budd a reprieve making the
day when they shall be hanged Oc
tober 27.
To-day the youths made what they
thought was their dying confession.
They said that they, with a Mexican,
rented the ranch of Narramore, h6 repre
senting that the hay crop would realize
$2000.
They eot only $500 for the crop, and the
three planned to pay Narramore the
money and then rob him of it. Pursuant
to their scheme, John paid the money,
shortly after which the Mexican and
Caesar came in masked, bound Narramore
and John and possessed themselves of the
money. In the struggle the Mexican
killed Narramore. Afterward the three
were arrested on suspicion. The Mexican
turned State's evidence, accusing the
brothers of the murder.
Since their sentence was passed the Gov
ernor has received a petition from River
side to which was appended 650 names,
among them seven of the jurymen on the
case and that of the District Attorney who
tried them. The stay of execution was ob
tained from the Governor by the efforts of
Prison Director J. H. Wilkins and J. W.
Cochrane. There is rumor of petitions in
their behalf being circulated in the city.
MOORE ARRIVES AT NAPA
Mrs. Greenwood's Murderer on
the Scene oi His Awful
Crime.
The Prisoner's Confession Supported
by County Treasurer Gardner's
Identification.
NAPA. Cal., Sept. 21— This afternoon,
at 1 o'clock, Sheriff McKenzie of Napa,
Sheriff Burr and W. E. Sbaug of Los
Angeles brought William Moore, the self-
accused murderer of Mrs. Greei.wood, to
Napa. They drove to Napa from Vallejo
Junction, having missed the morning's
boat at South Vallejo on the way from the
south. There is no doubt among the peo
ple of Napa that the accused man is the
murderer. It was noised abroad that he
was coming, and a crowd of people were
in waiting at the courthouse to witness
the landing of the individual against
whom an awful crime rests.
There was no^excitement — just a quiet
manifestation of satisfaction that the
murderer had been caught. Mr. Green-
wood was in the Sheriff's office awaiting
the Sheriffs arrival, but he was unable to
identify the man when he was brought
before him. This is not to be wondered
at. however, as Mr. Greenwood was not
acquainted with Moore, ana had only seen
him once previous to the night of the
murder.
County Treasurer George F. Gardner, as
soon as he saw the prisoner, exclaimed,
"That is the man."
On the way to NapaMooresaidhs
would point out the Greenwood house.
True to his promise, when they reached
the house, which is on the county road,
Moore said, "That is the house." He
also pointed out the place where he had
thrown the harness on the night of the
murder. This was the very place where
Sheriff McKenzie had picked up thejhar
ness the next morr.ine. The officers" say
there is no doubt of the guiit of the man.
Sheriff Burr of Los AngeJes, who surely
ought to be able to judge, says most em
phatically that Moore is beyond all ques
tion the guilty man. As Moore has con
fessed, all doubt as to his guilt has passed
away. He tried to keep back nothing,
but "told all, confirming much that came
out in the trial of Schmidt, his partner in
crime. He ij small in stature, wiry of
build and shows in his talk ana move
ments great nervous strain and the ill
effects of a long "booze." Before leaving
Vallejo it was necessary to have him pre
scribed for by a physician ana to give him
medicine that would quiet him.
RIVERSIDE'S BRUTAL CRIME.
Two More Indians Arrested for the Mur
der nf Mrs. Platt.
RIVERSIDE, Cal., Sept. 24.— The bru
tal murder of Mrs. Platt, a teacher on the
Pachango Indian reservation in this
county, which event occurred nearly two
years ago, was brought to notice again to
day by the arrest of a couple of Indians
named Friico Rodriguez and Antonio
Trujillo, who it is believed had a hand in
the crime. Both these men were arrested
shortly after the murder with two others,
named Antonio Molido and Francisco
Guavish, and all four were at that time
charged with the crime. Molido -peached
on his pals, telling the whole story of the
crime in all its reeking details. This was
at the trial of the other three men, held
about a year ago. The jury disagreed,
however, and when the trials came on
again Guavish was tried separately.
He was acquitted »nd the officers then
discharged Rodriguez and Trujillo. Mo
lido was given a life sentence in the peni
tentiary, where he now is, and Guavish
was later convicted of robbery in Los
Angeles County and sentenced to fifteen
years in the penitentiary.
.Ever since the discharge of Rodriguez
and Trujillo the officers have been diligent
in their search for new evidence in the
case and the arrest of the two men is the
result of their researches. The murder of
Mrs. Piatt was terribly brutal. She was
taken from her home at midnight and
ravished by the four men, according to
Molido's story, after which they dragged
raw TO-DAY.
Overcoats
Given Away!
I liii ii
IS
A Ten Days' Sale.
Last week we met the boys of San Francisco, and made them
happy with Suits and Overcoats which we practically gave away.
That's the way we got acquainted with them. Now we offer the
fathers and brothers the inducement to come down to the Whole-
sale District and get acquainted with
HYAMS, BROWN & CO.,
25 and 27 Sansome Street,
The largest Wholesale Manufacturers of Fine Clothing on the
Pacific Coast. s
SPECIAIj ggA.Xj53.
$6— OVERCOATS — $6
WORTH TWELVE DOLLARS.
All -Wool Kersey Overcoats, long cut, wide velvet collar,
nicely trimmed. Our regular wholesale price $12.00,
but for the next ten days we give these handsome coats
• away for six dollars. .
$S—MEN'S5 — MEN'S SUITS — $5
WORTH TEN DOLLARS.
All- Wool Sack Business Suits, in brown, gray, black
and blue. Cheap elsewhere at $12.50. Our wholesale
price only $5.00.
l^n fr Men's, Boys' & Children's d
Pjpnt> ja ©c* /I^^SSsSy^ ~ * A— i\J 11 JSL JL M. X vJ» 0
B^ At Wholesale Prices \
Sr 25-27 SANSOME STREET #
y^^^^ONLYHALF A BLOCK FROM MARKET STREET 0
THE PHYSICIAN OF THE HOUR.
That Doctor Cook is a true specialist of he also cures Piles, Fistula, Rapture and
the very highest attainments has long Chronic Catarrh. He pays particular aU
been known throughout the medical tention to ailments of the Eye, Ear, Nose
world. That he is now. so regarded by the Throat, Brain, and to diseases of the Heart*
sick people of San Francisco and the Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys, Bladder
slope is indicated by the vast number of and Urinary Organs. Female'complaintg
them who continue to seek his profes- of every character also come within his
sionai services from day to day. They go j specialty.
to him for help because he is an upright, If you have any of the above afflictions
honest, high-minded gentleman as well as do not give up in despair. Consult Doc-
a great physician wbo is able to cure every tor Cook, who cures where other physicians
curable disease with which humanity is only experiment. He has no substitutes,
afflicted. bnt he himself, personally, goes thoroughly
In the treatment of Lost or Weakened into each individual case and carefully
Manhood and their long train of distress- follows it through all its various stages
in*: symptoms; in the treatment of Gon- until completely cured,
orrhoea, Gleet, Stricture and Syphilis; in Doctor Cook's system' of home treatment
the treatment of Varicocele, Hydrocele, by mail is perfect, and if you cannot call
Atropliy or the wasting away of the or- write. Tell everything fully and without
gans; in the treatment of these and simi- reserve. The Doctor's office is located i a
lar sexual ailments Doctor Cook is beyond the heart of San Francisco, at 865 Market
the shadow of a question the leading and street, opposite the Baldwin Hotel. His
most successful specialist in the United hours for consultation and treatment are
States to-day. i from 9 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8
Doctor Cook cures not only every kind p. m., except Sundays, when they an from
of sexual debility, deformity or decay, but 10 to 12 a. h. only.
her senseless form back to the house.
They then fired the house and toe body of
their victim was consumed. A young girl
who lived with Mrs. Platt fortunately es
caped, and it was her story of the mid
night crime that first set the officers on
the track of the murderers.
KILLED AT A FARO GAME.
Itosxcell T. Currier, an Innocent Specta
tor, Gets a Fatal Bullet.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 24.— Roswell T.
Currier, a lar.d speculator of Sacramento,
who was in business in Portland and the
interior of the State for several years, was
killed in a mining camp ten miles from
Rossland, B. C, last Saturday night The
information was obtained from bis
brother, C. L. Currier of Astoria, Or , who
passed throueh this city to-day en route
to the northern mining camp to secure
the body. Currier was an innocent spec
tator at a faro game, when the gamblers
had a row and be^an shooting, a stray
bullet bitting him \n the breast. Currier
came here from Sacramento in 1891, en
gaged in extensive land speculations, went
broke arvl then migrated to the mines.
56
FRIDAY.... .3KITEMBKK 25. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor. ,
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postosr* Frees .
Daily and Sunday cam* one week, by carrier.. $ 0.19
Dally and Sunday Cam* one year, by mall. . . . 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call. six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cam* three months by mall 1.60
Dally and Sunday Cam, one month, by mall. .65
Bunday Call,, one year, by mail.. 1.60
WtkiKLY Cau* one year, by ma 11. ............ *•*©
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation T If
■•, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let It miss yon for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA CHARGE. -
BUSINESS OFFICE i
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone ...Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS I
617 Clay Street.
Telephone ..Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES t
880 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open unUl
• :S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 6 o'clock. '
2(18 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE »
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
Eooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York Cltyi
DAVID M. FOLTZ. Special Acent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
WOK PREBIDFM-
WILLIAM McKINLET, of Ohio
FOB VICF-PREBIDETTT-
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
EtKCTION SOTEMBEK 3, 1896.
Charles L. Taylor will win.
Loyal Republicans are ready for action.
Party regularity is the only safe basis of
party harmony.
Straight politics is always good enough
for straight men.
The regular Republican ticket is the
only Republican ticket.
The Republican party has named the
man, and the people will elect him.
Why should any Republican help to
elect a Democrat because he calls himself
a Non-Partisan? _
Sore-headed bolters from the Republican
ticket will be sorer-headed still when the
bolt falls on them.
By his faithful and efficient service as a
Supervisor Mr. Taylor has well merited a
promotion to the office of Mayor.
This is a year of political freaks. Who
ever heard before of a Congressional com
mittee calling a municipal convection?
The only way to rid the municipal gov
ernment of Buckleyism, Raineyism and
Keilyism is to stand up for straight poli
tics and elect the Republican ticket.
One of the immediate questions of City
politics is wheiher Mr. Phelan is a Non-
Partisan, a Democrat or a Rainey faction
Jeader.
Loyal Republicans will unite in support
« f the regular ticket, and let the bolters
serve the purpose of Buckley or Rainey as
they choose.
To elect the whole party ticket Repuoli
cans must be united. It is impossible to
make a clean sweep ii there are any gaps
in the broom.
The way to Republican harmony is open
to all. Nothing is required of any man
except that he join the procession and
keep step with the music.
Bryan has sufficient gall to claim to be
standing on the platform of Lincoln, but
the country will take notice it was not the
party of Lincoln that nominated him.
It is very strange that the Tammany
braves should try to pull down John Boyd
Thacher when they have only to wait
awhile and see the people pull him down.
Tt is well known that Boss Kelly be
trayed the Republican ticket in 1894 and
aided in tie. eating Estee. Work of that
kind is the politics that is regular with
him.
It will be an easy choke for true Repub
licans and good ciiizens to decide whether
they will vote with men who tri d to elect
Estee or with those who knifed him in the
back.
Unity for the local ticket means uuity
for the National ticket, and the same vote
that elects Taylor to the mayoralty will
pi\-e the vote of the City for McKinley and
Hobart.
Ihe Republican party will maintain the
standard of American wages, the standard
of American money, th^ standard of
American industry and the standard of
the Republic.
Men who seek to divide the Republican
party and endeavor to discredit its leaders
can always count on the support of the
Kx&mmer, for they are freaks and their
ways are fakes.
If you have any doubt which is the true
Republican ticket just read the Democratic
organ and see which one it denounces and
which one it pats on the back and encour
ages to stay in the held.
The Non- Partisans have indorsed the
Rainey candidate, James D. Pbeian, for
Mayor, but the true independent voters
will support the Republican candidate,
Charles L. Taylor, and elect h.'m.
One of the sights of the times ia the
view of English, Foote, Coleman, Wise
and Murphy sitting on the fence and
watching Cator take the Senatorial water
melon out of the Democratic patch.
By every party tradition and custom, by
unbroken descent of title, by every prin
ciple of political self-government Uie
Auditorium Convention is the regular Re
publican Convention of this City, and all
of its nominees are entitled to the full sup
port of the party.
In discussing the silver question May 4,
1895, the Examiner said: "To maintain
the parity alone it might be necessary to
mak6 the proportion 25 to 1" ; but it now
declares for going it alone at 16 to 1, thus
showing that Mr. Hearst's opinions ate
about an fluctuating as the price of his sil
ver bullion
THE PLAIN PACTS.
We published yesterday the opinions of
a number of the ablest lawyers in the City
on the daim of the Auditorium conven
tion to be the true representative of the
Republican party of San Francisco. AH
with one accord agreed that the claim is
beyond dispute by any fair-minded man.
Any opposing claim is either an absurdity
or an impudence. The law and the facts
are too p!ain to be contradicted or
evaded. Whoever would support the or
ganized Republicans of San Francisco
must support the platform and the nom
inees of the Auditorium convention.
The authority of such men as Judges
S. C. Denson, Henry C. Dibble, Hon.
Thomas D. Riordan, J. Alva Watt and
John M. Chretien will have weiebt with
every man w. o is willing to accept the
judgment of those most familiar with the
laws and customs of party organizations in
this City. To those, however, who are
capable of studying facts for themselves
and drawing right conclusions from them,
no authority is needed to make clear so
plain a case as this. The facts are simple.
The Auditorium convention was called
by the Republican County Committee,
the delegates were elected in accordance
with that call and the convention was or
ganized under its authority. The present
County Committee is the only rightful
successor of the preceding County Com
mittee, which called into existence the
convention of 1694. That committee, as
Mr. Watt clearly pointed out, "was the
successor of its predecessors called into
existence and organized in the same man
ner during many years."
The line of succession from one County
Committee to another in due form of that
custom which has constituted the law of
political practice in this State has never
been broken. Nor was the right of the
County Committee to call the convention
ever disputed until this year, when cer
tain men, for their own purposes, sought
to divide the party to ruin it if they could
not rule it.
That earnest and loyal Republicans who
understand the serious issues dependent
on the municipal campaign are exasper
ated by this division in tha party ranks is
natural. The Republican party in this
City is not stronc enough to waste any of
its strength in divisions and wranglings.
For the party to be divided on election
day may mean defeat, notwithstanding
there will be two Democratic candidates
in the field, and that defeat may
involve a continuance of the bad
government under which we have
suffered too long already. It is to these
earnest and intelligent Republicans the
regular convention of the party appeals.
Every effort has been made by the ieaders
of the party to reconcile the bolters and
restore the unity of the organization.
If division is insisted upon by those who
are careless of Republican success it will
not be the fault of tho*e who stand for the
party organization.
Loyal Republicans can take but one
course at this juncture. If they would
preserve their party they must stand by
the legal and rightful convention.
The depression in the price of wheat, it is
now said, must be accounted for in some other
way. The chief of the United States Bureau
of Statistics states that the consumption of
wheat per capita in 1395 was 25 per cent less
than in 1892. Do you not think that this
might be a more reasonable accounting for
the depreciation in the pria of wheat than to
charge it to the legislation of twenty- three
yean ago? — McKinlry.
THE NON-PARTISAN BLUNDER.
The Non-Partisan convention has al
ready shown itself incompetent to deal
with the political situation in a way to
benefit the people. The undue haste dis
played in hurrying through an indorse
rnent of the nominee of the Rainey Demo
crats for Mayor disclosed anything rather
than a careful reeard for the selection
of the best candidate for the most im
portant office in the municipality, and the
mistake thus made will not be overlooked
by those to whom the Non -Partisans must
turn to find votes on election day.
It is a maxim of common prudence to
intrust complex and difficult duties oniv
to those who have been tried and proven
themselvc worthy of such trust. No one
questions Mr. Phelan's excellence and
merit as a private citizen, but he has had
no official experience, and if elected would
enter upon the office of Mayor a whoily
untried ana untrained official. Had there
been no worthy competitor to Mr. Phelan
before the Non-Partisans his selection
would have been readily understood.
There was, however, before them a candi
date who is fuily the equal of Mr. Phelan
as a private citizen, lias had a longer and
fuller experience in the conduct of busi
ness, and, moreover, has been tried in
official life and proven himself to be a
most faithful, efficient and sagacious man
ager of public affairs. That man is the
nominee of the Republican party, Charles
L. Taylor.
The indorsement of men who claim to be
indifferent to party and devoted to the gen
eral welfare was of right due to Mr. Tay
lor. When an official serves the people
well he is entitled to some recognition of
his services. He that has been faithful in
little things should be given charge of
greater things. Merit should have its re
ward. How can men of character be en
couraged to undertake the task of munici
pal work if they are to receive neither
thanks, approval nor indorsement from,
the better citizens of the community ?
It is not likely that the intelligent and
independent vote of the City will follow
the Non-Partisans in this choice. Inde
pendent voters are reading people, and
they know what Supervisor Taylor has
done for the City and the public welfare.
They know he can be trusted. They know
he has by his past service deserved the
support of all good citizens-and the honor
of an election to a higher office than that
which he now holes. He is, in {net, at thij
juncture, the logical candidate of all who
desire to have a better City government.
In 10-ing the opportunity to give him an
indorsement the Non-Partisans have com
mitted a political blunder which will
weaken their whole campaign, for there is
no excuse whatever to be given for the
folly and haste which led mem to turn to
an untried man instead of uniting to elect
Mr. Taylor.
Ttere is no man of skill who has made this
a subject of study, either in America or in
Europe, who is a bimetallism who believes that
this proceeding of the United States is any
thing but the height of folly from a bimetal
list's point of vi.w, which, means that these
gentlemen who have taiked of bimetallism are
endeavoring to foist upon yon something en
tirely different. They are undertaking to get
your votes on false pretenses. — Tom Reed.
CATOR AND THE DEMOCRATS.
From all parts of the State come reports
of the way In which Mr. Cator is fixing uj.
the fusion between Populists and Demo
crats. All is being done in the manner
most favorable to his aspirations for ttie
United States Senate. The old Demo
cratic warhorses seem to have abandoned
the field to him, and the colts have appar
ently taken to him as the only leader in
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1890.
sight. It is a queer situation, and it is a
pity some one on the inside cannot be in
duced to explain it.
Senator White, when you were a candi
date for the Senate you had the support of
many able and influential Democrats.
Why is it you are not now supporting one
of them? Why are you apparently more
•ager to have a Populist than a Demo-
cratic colleague? Is there no one within
the ranks of your party whom you would
like to see honored as you have been
honored ? Is there nothing in Democratic
principles that would lead you to support
a Democrat rather than a Populist?
William D. English, you should be in
terested in this matter. You have fought
Democratic battles and shared Democratic
defeats many a year. Why does it turn
from you now to a man who stands for no
Democratic principle, and who seeks for
Democratic success only that he may get
Democratic votes to advance his Populist
ambition?
W. W. Foote, you tave long been a
sterling Democrat. You know what
Democratic principles are and wherein
they differ from Populism. Do you know
why your party should support Mr. Cator
for the Senate? Is he io be sent there to
support the principles of Jefferson and
Jackson? Is he to represent Democracy
in the Senate or does Democracy propose
to abdicate and allow Populism to have all
the spoils it can gather?
James V. Coleman, it is not long since
you were hailed as a rising leader of young
Democracy. Why have you taken a back
seat new? Why are you not fighting to
win the high honor of the senatorship for
some Democrat who will illustrate the De
mocracy of California?
Bernard D. Murphy, you have for
many years been an honored leader
of the conservative wing of your
party, and in the days when you
were honored Cator was laughed at.
Do you know why this change has come
about? Does it suit your ideas of politics
to have the Democratic votes in the next
Legislature turned over to a man who
hasn't been a Democrat since he came
West?
Gentlemen all: What are you to Cator
or Cator to you that you should weep for
him, as surely you will weep if he is
elected? Why have you been catered to
In this, cold way in your own party? Is
all this sacrifice of party principle, pride
and prestige made for the sake of Bryan?
Is he worth that much? Must he look to
the windy Cator for a vindicator while
you are aa silent as clams?
"77i# natural hatred of the poor again ft
the rich! 1 ' "The danger of a moneyed aris
tocracy!" "A power as great and dangerous
as that resisted by the revolution!" "A call to
a new Declaration of Independence!" Sir, I
admonish the people agahnt the object of out
cries like these. I admonish every industri
ous laborer in the country to be on his guard
against such delusions. I tell him the at
tempt is to play off his passions against his
interests, and to prevail or him, in the name
of liberty, to destroy all the fruits of liberty;
in the name of patriotism to injure and af
flict his country, and in trt name of his own
independence to destroy that very independ
ence and make him a beggar and a slave. —
Daniel Webster.
GETTING DESPERATE.
Mr. Bryan's attempt to jnstify the
attacks upon the Supreme Court by quot
ing garbled extracts from the Republican
platform of 1860 only shows wbat base
means be would employ to accomplish
his ends. The declaration of the Republi
can party to which Mr. Bryan refers was
in the nature of a protest against "the
dogma that the constitution of ifr own
force carries slavery into all the Terri
tories." The Supreme Court was not de
nounced, nor were there threats made that
if the Republican party elected its candi
date the court would bo reconstructed so
thnt decisions might be had with reference
U) what the party leaders wanted instead
of in conformity to the spirit and letter of
the constitution as the Chicago platform
declares the Democratic party will do. A
man who would resort \o such gross and
inexcusable distortion of facts to deceive
the people for his own profit is hardly
worthy of being the successor of Washing
ton, Jefferson and .Lincoln as chief magis
trate of the Nation.
The protest of the Republican party was
directed against a "nnw dogma" which
practically made the constitution to say
that slavery was a National institution,
and that while a State had the right to
prohibit slavery within its own borders, a
Territory could not do bo because its af
fairs were administered by National au
thority. The Republican party held that
slavery could not and did not exist any
where under the constitution except in
States whose government provided for it.
There was not so much as an intimation
by the convention of 1860 that the court
would be so constituted that a decision an
nulling "the dogma" mi^ht be had, and
Mr. Bryan proves his unworthiness of the
confidence of the peop ! e when ne tries to
make the declaration of tnat convention
appear otherwise.
Mr. Bryan grows desperate as his eco
nomic fallacies are exposed. He insults
the intelligence of the people every day,
but he should have enough sense left to
know that he can nevor reach the White
House over a road that is paved with per
hdy, deceit and subterfuge. Even ia his
desperation he should not fail to remem
ber it is the sober second thought of tue
people that settles politcal issues on elec
tion day, and although his defeat is al
ready determined in ta«- minds of the
peonle, there is no reafon why he should
not retain their respect when he retires to
private life, but if he would have them
hold him in high esteem he will have to
hold himself within the bounds of honesty
of acts and purpose.
i
Standing by constitutional authority and
law is the highest obligation of American citi
zenship. Standing by public faith is a call
to supreme duty. Preserving the public creiit
untainted and the currency uncorrupted and
both above challenge anywhere in the wor d is
the command of simple honesty and good
morals. — McKinley.
BRYAN AND THE SILVER MAR
KET.
When Bryan Wai nominated by the
Chicago convention silver was quoted at
69 cents. That was more thaii two months
ago. Since his nomination Mr. Bryan has
been making from two to four speeches a
day and has visited a dozen States. He
has talked of nothing but free silver coin
age at 16 to 1 indepeu lent of other nations,
and he how claims hh election by the
largest majority that was ever given a
Presidential candidate, and yet there has
been a steady depreciation in the market
value of silver, it having fallen from 69
cents an ounce when he was nominated to
653^ cents, which was yesterday's quota
tion. These are facts of market history.
Now, either dealers in bar silver do not
believe Mr. Bryan's election at all pos
sible, or they do not believe him when he
says he will use the power and influence
of the office of President to open the mints
to silver if elected. The latter, however,
hey have no reason to doubt, for there
can be no question about his purpose con
corning the opening of the mints. He is
thoroughly convinced that the silver of
the world should have free and unre
stricted entrance to American mints, and.
moreover, he is in favor of increasing the
number of our mints to meet the demand
ior coinage, which would require about
five times as many as are now in opera
tion.
It must be, then, that owners of silver
mines and dealers in silver bullion have
no expectation that Mr. Bryan will be
elected, for if they believed he had tue
ghost of a chance they would not sell their
holdings at 65% cents an ounce, and on a
declining market at that, when by holding
they could get 129 cents an ounce. Silver
mine owners and speculators in silver bul
lion are not so stupid as to sell their metal
at one-half of the price Bryan says they
are absolutely sure of getting if he is
elected, if they believed there was any
prospect whatever of his winning.
The bullion silver market is a pretty
good political barometer just now, and the
movement of prices makes an interesting
study, because silver values pretty fairly
indicate the faith that dealers in the
white metal have in Bryan's kind
of bimetallism. If, then, silver specu
lators and producers, who are more
interested in Bryan's election than any
other class of people, have so little
faith in his winning that they are willing
to part with their holdings on a declining
market, it certainly should Eatisfy others
that the man's election is not to be con
sidered as a possible outcome of the No
vember vote. To be Btire, great crowds
gather to see the young man and
to hear him speak, but crowds will
gather for any purpose; besides, Bryan's
youth and reckless u.«e of language, to
gether with the natural cariosity of hu
manity, are quite enough to insure large
crowds of sightseer. Watch the silver
bullion market, and until you see the
price of the metal begin to climb upward
with a firm and confident step do not
make any wagers that Bryan will be
elected.
What the idle workingman wants is a job.
That means money to him. The mints, if
they were thrown wide open to the coinage of
every character of vietal, and were multiplied
a hundred fold in capacity, would neither
furnish the workingman a job, restore his ex
hausted savings nor give him credit. Noth
ing, my fellow-citizens, will accomplish that
but work, work at fair wages, and that will
only come through confidence restored by a
wist financial and industrial policy. — Mo
Kinley.
THE FIRST VOTER,
Among the delegations visiting Canton
last Thursday was the First-voters' Club
oi Bowling Green, Ohio. But this Is not
the first first-voters' club that has visited
Major McKinley, nor are such clubs few
and far between, so to speak, this year.
. Yonng men all over tne country are or
ganized for the battle, and they are doing
a good work, not only in the way of re
minding the older voters Of their duty,
but they are keeping up a degree of en
thusiasm that is telling for good in all
communities. Major McKinley's talk to
the Bowling Green Club was addressed to
that particular club but what he said is
just as applicable to first- voters' clubs in
othi r sections of the country. He said:
It ' seldom given to the first voters of this
cou: • . to start in in so Important a National
•on test, where so much is involved and where
so many interests are at stake. It is a year, too,
when old party divisions count for little—
when ai^n of all parties are united in the com
mon oDject to save the country from dishonor
and the currency from degradation.
In some respects the conditions which
confront the first voter this year are very
much like those which confronted the
young men of the country in 1861. Now
as then party lines count for little, and
now as then there are issues which tran
scend party obligations and which make
it incumbent upon the first as well as all
other voters to forget party associations
for the time and battle for a cause that is
common to all voters. There is no threat
of territorial division and separate Gov
ernments now as in 1861, bat the honor
and integrity of the Nation is being
assailed, and there is a purpose to de
grade the monetary system of the coun
try. The first voters are looked to by the
spirit of our institutions to stand by the
Government of their fathers.
There is another reason why the first
voter should take an active part in this
campaign against the application of fal
lacious theories of government. It is pe
culiarly an educational campaign. The
personality of candidates is scarcely being
considered. It is a campaign that is di
rected to governmental policies and eco
nomic questions, with object lessons on
every hand. It is not often that first
voters have such an opportunity to hear
the principles of our Government discussed
by able political economists, and the first
voter should be a careful student and
profit by what he hears and reads, for
upon his shoulders will fall the responsi
bility of leadership in the near future, and
now is the time to prepare himself for it.
And, again, the business and financial
interests of the country Are deeply in
volved in this campaign. The first voters
this year will have to assume the direc
tion of the comm Tee and the industries of
the country after awhile. To their care
will all the great and small business and
financial enterprises be committed sooner
or later, and it is to their personal interest
and advantage that the present high
credit and unspotted integrity of the coun
try be maintained, for in proportion as
Bryanism prevails this year will the man
agement of the country's industries and
commerce be more difficult and unprofita
ble when they come to assume tneir man
agement. The first voter of 1896 must
strengthen or weaken that which will be
his to sunerintend in the future, and there
is no middle road for him to take. There
are two roads. The one Is the road to
commercial safety and prosperity, and the
other is the road to uncertainty, hesitation
and distrust.
THAT DEADLY PARELLEL.
Stockton Independent
The "deadly parallel" has been indulged in
by the Examiner to show that several promi
nent Republican speakers and newspapers
have changed 'their views on the silver ques
tion within a year or two. This was done in
appareut forgctfulncss that the same weapon
could be used against itself. The Call, how
ever, was not bo forgetful, and in yetterday's
issiie reproduces irom the Examiner ol June
27, 1895, an article of some length, in which
it took Kunstantially the same ground as the
National Republican platform adopted one
year later, which it now condemns. It goes
even fartncran.J points out the evils that
would follow from the United States returning
to Iree coinage of silver, jusi as the Republi
cans are doiug now. To show that thin article
was not a matter of inadvertence Thb t all
quotes from five other articles of different
dates, all to the same tenor and effect so far as
free coinage is concerned.
WHY THEY SUPPORT BRYAN
Woodland MalL
Thk Call threw a bomb into the Examiner-
Journal camp Saturday by publishing a state
ment showing that the Hearst estate i 3 inter
ested In silver mines to the extent of $5,911,
-691. This explains in a great measure why
these two papers are supporting Bryan. It ia
not through love for the poor workman, as
they would make believe, but for Wiliie
Hearst, the silver-mine owner.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Otto Isenberg, one of the wealthiest men in
Honolulu, who is a large owner in sugar plan
tations, mills aud different enterprises, re
turned here yesterday, aster several weeks'
absence in Europe.
Mr. Isenberg had the misfortune to sustain a
serious fall in midsummer, which fractured
and seriously bruised one of his legs. He went
abroal for surgical treatment, leaving on June
3, and he has returned almost entirely well.
He says business is quiet io Europe, with no
unusual interest In the American campaign.
OTTO ISENBERG, the Hawaiian
Sugar - Grower, Who Is Back
From Europe*
[Sketched from life by a "Call " artUt.]
It is also quieter In New York and Chicago
than it is in San Francisco. This City, he says,
looks quite lively to him.
"I never saw so many idle men," he said, "as
at Chicago, during the brief time 1 was there.
They swarmed around the station when the
train came in.
"There must have been 200 or more of them,
and most of them were young and strong. It
seems to me a good many of them could have
got work if they wanted it. They seemed
perfectly easy."
Mr. Isenberg^L looking very well, after his
trip abroad. t%: will be in Ban Francisco a
week. He is one of the largest importers In
Hawaii, as well as a sugar-grower.
PERSONAL
Dr. F. F. Upham of Dixon is at the Grand.
Dr. W. H. Wentwortn of Sacramento is in the
City.
Charles R. Valentine of London is in the
City.
Phil Swee*, a merchant of Fetaluma, is at
the Grand.
Dr. S. X Riley of the steamer Mariposa is at
the Grand.
T. J. Lambert of Angel* Camp is at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
Professor E. H. Griggs of Stanford University
Is at the California.
Richard A.Parker, a mining expert of Bos
ton, is at the Palace.
E. A. Hawley, the Santa Barbara capitalist,
arrived here yesterday.
Jonn W. Roberts of San Bernardino was
among the arrivals here yesterday.
H. E. Reedall, a mine-owner of Alaska, is
staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
H. F. Milford. a wealthy business man of
Sydney. New South Wales, is in town.
H. M. Yerington and Mrs. Yerlngton re
turned here from Honolulu yesterday.
E. C. Waterhouse of Honolulu, is here on his
way East to complete his medical education.
W. Molesworth, M.D., a leading physician of
Brooklyn, N. V., Is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. E. Weirlck, a wealthy cattle and horse
grower of Hawaii, is at the Occidental, on his
way East.
J. R. Murdock, manager of an extensive dis
tillery at Owensburg, Kentucky, arrived here
yestorday.
P. Ruhlman of New York, a dealer In Cali
fornia nuts and dried fruits, is among the ar
rivals here.
J. H. Coleman, for a number of years man
ager of the Virginia City Evening Chronicle,
ia on a visit here.
George P. Denison, superintendent of the
Oahu Railroad, Hawaiian Islands, arrived
here yesterday and left in the evening lor Loi
Angeles.
Dorrance Atwater, ex-United Btates Consul
to Tahiti, wax amon? the arrivals here yester
day from Samoa and the Pacific islands, where
he has been for some time.
Dr. William Mncewen, protessor of surgery
in the University of Glasgow, has completed
his course of lectures at Cooper Medical col
lege and left yesterday for tho East.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was a
prominent party of St. Louis people consisting
of J. E. Leggett, Mrs. Leggett, Mr. and Mri. S.
T. McCormick and Miss McCormick. They are
at the Palace.
E. F. Bishop, manager of the Honolulu house
of C. Brewer & Co., having their headquarters
in Boston, is at the Occidental. The firm
owns a large sugar plantation and is exteu
sively engaged in importing.
James P. McCarthy, president of the McCar
thy Company and other renl estate corpora
tions, has been on an extended, business trip
to Los Angeles and Southern California in the
interests of the McCarthy property.
A. W. Louderback, who used to be engaged
in the auction business on Montgomery street,
this City, but who has been in the East for tho
last five years, is at the Grand. He is accom
panied by P. H. Solin and H. Sarafian, recently
of Constantinople.
Mrs. Alice Crisp of New Zealand, sister of T.
H. Wicks, vice-president of the Pullman Car
Company, arrived here yesterday, accompanied
by Mrs. K. Martin, her daughter, and grand
daughter. Miss Martin. Mrs. Crisp is en route
to visit Mr. Wicks, whom she has not seen for
twenty-seven yeara.
H. E. Montague, formerly chief clerk of the
California Hotel, who for two and half years
past Has been office-manager of the big Hotei
Majestic in New York", and manager of the Ar
gyle, the large summer hotel at Babylon, N.
V., hns returned here. Yesterday he was
meeting his muny old friends. Mr. Montague
intends to remain in California.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Sent. 24.-At the Plaia,
W. F. Lucas, C. J. Mason; Holland, G. H. Ty
son and wife, Miss Lalor, Miss lee; Windsor,
A. Paltc&rdo; Hoffman, £. J. Baldwin; Grand,
J. W. Braiell; Imperial, A. C. Dornell; Marl
borough, C. Wells; Murray Hill, G.S.Wright.
James W. Hart and L. J. Langley left the Plaza
to sail on the American steamer St. Louis for
England. _____________
NESPAPER PLEASANTRY
"I wonder why they ever hung that pic
•ture."
"Probably because they couldn't catch the
artist."— Fllegende Blatter.
Friendleigh — How are you, old man T I hear
you are writing for the papers. Do you gc.
many checks ?
Litterleigh— Checks 1 I call them throw
downs.—Baltimore News.
"Before I give my consent to my daughter's
marriage to you, young man, I want to know
what your prospects are."
'I am trying to settle that question now, sir."
Philadelphia Norm American.
"I say, do you think that Wiggins Is a man
to be trusted?"
"Trusted? Yes; rather. Why, I'd trust him
with my life!"
"Yes; but with anything of value, I mean!"—
Boston Globe.
"A Russian army officer claims to have dis
covered that a powerful explosive can be made
out of eggs."
"Why, there are plenty of American actors
who have found that out long ago."— Harlem
Life.
"I trust you may let my poem see the light,"
wrote the lady in the noie which accompanied
her verses to the paper.
"I won't let them Bee anything else," said
the weary scribe, as he put the tender lines in
the fire. — Yonkers Statesman.
Stranger— Why did they lynch that man? Did
he steal a horse or commit murder?
Native— Worse than any of them things,
pardner. He was ketched scatterin' tacks along
the bicycle path.— Cleveland Leader.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Sir John Mlllais once hooked over half a ton
of salmon in a week, which gives him the rec
ord for the River Tay.
Thomas Haray has thoughts of extending
his story, "The Pursuit of the Well-Beloved,"
Into a full-blown novel.
"Tnls is a place I should like to rest at, " was
almost the first remark Li Hung uttered when
he saw Furness Abbey.
Sir Saville Crossby while visiting the volun
teer camp at Lowtstoft walked his horse into
the sea. The animal got into a sandhole. The
rider escaped with the utmost difficulty.
K. Tamakl, the editor of the Asahi Shimbun
of Osaka, Japan, which has a daily circulation
of 100,000, is to be the Japanese correspondent
of the new Chinese paper, the Kuan-Shu-Tchu,
published at Peking.
Lord Llandaff, who has been appointed to
succeed the Marquis of Dufferin asEmbassador
of Great Britain at Paris, is the official who,
when he was Henry Matthews, declined to re
mit the sentence of penal servitude for life
upon Mrs. Maybrick.
Charles A. Dana, editor of the New York
Sun. is traveling in Daghestan, Caucasus. He
is accompanied by Putrick Stevens, British
Consul at Batoum, and Thomas E. Heeman,
United States Consul at Odessa. A. number of
foreign journalists are in the party.
Dean Hole made a scene in Rochester Cathe
dral on a recent Sunday. A canon whose
business it was to read the first leeson omitted
certain passages which he thought improper.
The dean was to read the second lesson; but
before beginning ho solemnly read the pas
sages omitted in the first lesson.
BAD FOR BOTH.
A pickerel stopped in a shady nook—
A Populist pike was he;
And there lie lay in the purling brook
'Neaih the shade of aa old bircti tree.
And be watched the stream with a hungry eye,
And gave a wickea grin
As he tbouKht, "if that Democrat perch goes by
I'll up and gobble him in."
The Democrat perch came slowly down.
He was looking after fun.
An. l h» saw the pickerel's "silver" Kales
A-giistening in the sun.
Bo bright they flashed they struck him blind.
He nearer and nearer drew,
And the Populist pike just swallowed him down,
As he had planned to do.
Then he wiggled his tail in fiendish glee,
As he lay th> re in the brook,
And thought. •' i here is plenty of fun for me.
So 1 won't bite (jrover's hook."
But. alas, for him! the perch's fin
Cut up his whole Inside.
That nUht his silver scales dropped Off
And the following day he died.
— Waterville Mall.
INFANT'S SHORT COAT.
This charming little garment is a very com
fortable shape, having full sleeves, which
saves much labor and tribulation of spirit
when the time for putting it on arrives. It 18
also easily made.
Many fabrics are suitable, being selected ac
cording to the service expected. White is a
favorite color, but should be avoided unless
little use is expected of the garment, for noth-
ing looks so bad ns a bedraggled white gar
ment, and few fabrics, excepting the washable
ones, can go through many launderings and
preserve their pristine freshness, and dry
cleansing is rather expensive. For early au
tumn white piquet Is very dainty and can De
recommended. White China silt mp.de with a
flannel lining is very pretty and may be laun
dered a numbnr of times with success. Al
batross will be found better than casnraere for
laundering.
Dark blue is much liked with trlmmipgs of
white lace at the throat, which may be re
moved forcieansinp.
Brown may also be made dainty with trim
mings of white. A brown camel's hair of
soft weave had the cape piped with white At
the neck was worn a square of fine mull edged
with Valenciennes lace; this was about twen
ty-seven inches square and was tied at the
back, serving as bib and triinmhrg.
A neat finish on coats of woolen fabrics that
are made unlined is a binding of narrow rib
bon to match.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Fell on Monday— B. E. H., city. The 20th
of September, 1880, fell on Monday.
Kathryn Kidder-c. F. OK., City. Katnryn
KiddL-r has not appeared In the character of
Trilby, in the play of that name. . cuaracier 01
Homes-R. M. C, City, it is estimated that
7,200,000 families owned and occupied their
own homes iv the Uuiied States in 1§907
A Dollar of '95.-W. p. r., Oakland, Cal
The catalogues ol coin-dealers do not show
that any premium is offered for a dollar of
Mrs. WORTHiNOTON'i Victim- S., Castle
Crajr, Cal. The man who was shot by Mrs
if^/l^adSr iQ
Deerskins- J. S. W. , Elk Creek, Cal. The deer
skins that are quoted tn the San Francisco
Free Labor Bureau— J. w. H., City. The
Free Labor Bureau Ugtlll connected with the
office of the Labor Commissioner, on Butter
street, between Grant avenue ard Stockton
•treet. A person desiring work ehould apply
in person. The only condition required is the
ability to fill positions that may be offered.
The New Age— P. E. W., Kelsey, Cal. In the
list of San Francisco newspapers given some
time ago, The New Age did not appear. This
paper, the oldest fraternal paper, was first
published January 7, 1365, in this City.
Professor Powers' Speech— G. W. , City. The
speech by Professor Powers before the
Woman's Congress was delivered on May 23
last and was published in The Call on the
following day.
Altgeld— J. 8., City. John P. Alteeld was
elected Governor of Illinois in the latter part of
1892, to serve for four years. He succeeded
John W. Fifer, whose term expired Janunry.
1893, and his term will expire January 11,1897.
Gift or Real Estate— E. K. G., City. Real
estate tnat was given as a free gift to son or
daughter by a father is not liable for the debts
oi the father in case of the failure of the father
in business, unless it should appear that the
gift had Deen made with a knowledge of im
pending failure and for the purpose of de
irauaing creditors. '
Free Coinage— a. Hi. Ophir, Utah. The free
coinage of the silver dollar means the coinage
of a coin stamped a dollar and worth only its
bullion weight. Those who have made a study
of the matter say ttiat if free coinage of silver
should -be the rule the United States would not
undertake to maintain the relative value of
the silver dollar with gold, and that the mar
ket value oi silver would be the standard for
the payment of debts, wages and the like.
Foreign Coin— t. d. 8., Gubservillo, Santa
Clara County, Cal. That Bectibn of the con.
stitution of the United States which declares
that Congress shall have power to regulate tlio
value of foreign coin means that it shall have
power to pass a law piaoing a value on the
coins of foreign countries offered In the United
States, ns, for instance, the value of the Mexi
can dollar has been fixed at 50.4. That means
that payments in that kind of coin must be
made oa that basis.
President Johnbon— H. W.. Sonora, Cai. An
drew Jonnson, President oi the United States,
was impeached, but he wss not convicted.
Johnson had come In sharp conflict with
Congress on the questions connected with the
reconstruction measures, and the breach^ be
tween the Executive and the National Legisla
ture widened till it grew into Impeachment —
the only Impeachment of a President in the
history of the United States aud one of the
most rioted in the world. March 2, 1867, Con
gress passed the tenure of office act, which was
vetoed by the President and passed over bis
veto. Edwin M. Stanton, then Secretary
of War, not willing to lend himself to
Johnson's scheme of reconstruction, was
suspended on the 12-.h of August. 1867, by the
President, who appointed General Grant secre
tary ad interim. In January following the
Senate received from the President his reasons
for tne suspension of Stantou, but that body
refused to recognize them, and Stanton re
sumed his office. On the 21st of February foU
lowiiie the President again removed Stanton,
but, supported by a resolution of the Senate,
Stantou refused to surrender the office to-Gen
eral Lorenzo Thomas, who had been appointed
by the President. The House of Representa
tives or. the 24th of February passed a resolu
tion for the impeaenment of the Presi
dent by a vote of 12G ayes and 47 noes,
17 not voting, George S. Boutweil aud
Benjamin F. Butler of Massachusetts, Jonn
A. Bingham of Ohio, James F. Wilson
of lowa, Thomas Williams and Thaddeus
Stevens ol Pennsylvania and John A. Logan of
Illinois to conduct the prosecution. The Presi
dent was represented by the following coun
sel: Henry Stanbery and W. S. Groesbeck of
Ohio, W illiam M. Evart* of New York, Thomas
A. R. Nelson of Tennessee and Benjamin R.
Curtis of Massachusetts. The artici.es of im
peachment, eleven in number, were presented
to the Senate March 5. In brief, these charged
that the President, in the removal of Stanton,
had violated the tenure of office act: that he
had been guilty of intimidating Stanton and
had conspired with Thomas toseize unlawfully
the property and money of the War Depart
ment, and that he had been guilty of contempt
in declaring that the thirty-ninth Congress was
not a legally constitu ted body, and that he had
failed to proper execute Its acts. On the day
named the Senate as a court, Chief Justice
Salmon P. Chase presiding, commenced a trial.
Testimony was first tuken on the 30th of the
month and continued until Ai>rll 20, and on
May 6 arguments were closed. On tne 16th of
May a vote was taken on the article charging
Johnson with contempt of Congress and its
acts. The vote was 35 for conviction and lg
for acquittal, being one short of the two-thirds
vote necassary to convict. Seven Republicans
voted with the twelve Democrats. On the
26th of May, by the same vote, Johnson was
acquitted of the charge of violating the tenure
of office act. No vote was taken on the other
articles, and by direction of Chief Justice
Chase a verdict of acquittal was entered.
Molasses crisp popcorn. Townsends. •
Special Information daily to manufaeturar*.
business bouses and public men by the Pr.au
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. -
HrsßAND's calcined magnesia. Four first
premium medals awarded; more agreeable to
the taste and smaller dose than other -mag
nesia. For sale only in bottles with registered
trademark labels. *
"Darling," he said, "1 have never loved but
you."
"Then we must part," she replied. You
shan't use me to practice on."— Cleveland
Leader.
Are You Going Kant?
The Atlantic and Pacific Jfailroatl— Santa &>
ronte— ls the coolest and most comfortable su-n
-mer line, owing to its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for the trans
portation of families because or its palace draw
ins-room and modern upholstered tonrist sleeping
cars, which ran daily through from Oakland u>
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and ia
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Sa:i
Francisco Ticket, office. 644 Market street, C'hro.i
icle building. Telephone, Alain 1531. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
> ♦ •
Great Rook Island Route Flaying Cards.
Send 12 cents in stamps to John Sebastian, gen
eral passenger agent C R. L and P. Railway,
Chicago, for the slickest- pack of playing cards
you ever handled, and on receipt of such remit
tance for one or more packs they will be sent you
pos:patd.
Orders containing BO cents In stamps or postal
note for same amount will secure 5 packs by ex
press, charges paid.
"Mrs. Wins low's Soothing S.rrnV
Has been used over SO years by millions of moth<vi
for their children while Teething with perfect »a>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums. alta/i
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the .Bowels ail
Isthe best remedy for Ciarrhceas. whether arisln;
/rom teething or other causes, For sal j by Urn
gists In every part of the world. Be aura and M<
iorMi^. \V iuslow's Soo:h!n« syrup. aac — *nn r
Cokonado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, soft
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon furl.ner north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at. the Motel dei
Coronatlo, ?65; loncer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Krancisco.
Thk hair cannot Hour sh unless the scfclp la
kept in good condition. Ayer's Hair Vigor gives
universal satisfaction as a dressing.
Proprietor— Why did you not give that gen
tleman the roast chicken he asked for?
Waiter— l know my business. I gave him
something cheaper, go's he would have some
thine left to tip me with. — Boston Transcript-
: KEW TO-DAY.
tC<ll3*% Natural 9
i Flavor |
9 iffiflmMjulg - j*?*K ' without that scalded- *%
i W jSj^JJrt©^! miHct:iste -
Ibv^Qvlri A desirable ' result^
9 Ptf^E*Sfas#']Wv! I never before obtained m
IJBlUa^-Tg&l by others. %
V l*i^&f?_Z\*/ 1 PREPARED BY X
? New York Condensed J
# v: =^==~=^^ Milk Co. •
Furniture troubles are
mostly over.
Come-to-pieces furniture,
and lumpy upholstery are
being found out. •
Good furniture is per-
manent; no bother. ,
■ ! New furniture catalogue ready, Free. .
California Furniture Company
(N. P- Colk & Co.)
117 Geary Stre#- ; : .I-RIPAY hEITEMBEIt 25.1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Cci.r»tßiA Theater- "In Spite of All."
osco's ci ot;bil— "Mr, . Potter of
Texas."
TIVOI.I rpFFA-HorBK.-"Ald»."
Obpkeck- High-Class VnudevlUa.
AlfiUl Thkati^r.- " Dl VOrCe."
toNCVKT— By Alex. T. Stewart, at the First
Congregational Church, Oakland.
tUTRo' Baths— and performances.
tuoor thj? chvtk»— DaUy « tialsat street,
> it black emu ot the Park. '
SI ech ASic»' Inktiti'Tic Taviijox— Twenty-
i.lmli Industrial Exposition.
AUCTION i:ALr:S.
By Davis, Habkr * Co.— day (Friday),
Bicycles, at 211 Pine street, at 10 o'clock. .
BY Chap. J.evy. it Co.— day (Friday)
Furniture at salesroom, 1136 Market street, at 10
clock.
By Indiana Avction Co.-Thls day (Friday),
Furniture, etc., at 1057 Market st., at 11 o'clock.
By Easton- & Kluriiwe.- September
1.9, r.eal Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market, street, at
I* o'clock. . •
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Youths' Directory festival opened last
night in Armory Hall.
A handsome flag will soon wave in front of
the Woman Suffrage Bureau.
The Citizens' Charter Association was ad
dres6ed la^t night by A. S. Hallidie.
Two new cups have been donated to the
Horse Show Association for the Fire Depart
ment.
The Citizens' and Taxpayers' Water party
nominated Dr. C. C. O'Donnell for Mayor last
i.iglit.
George L. Faulkner, a pioneer printer of this
City, died on the 13ih inst. in the City of
Mexico.
The Weather Bureau promises fair weather
with northerly winds to-day and fog in the
morning.
Maria Caroline Foster yesterday legally
adopted Elizabeth Saynes, an 11-year-old child
of a deceased reiative.
The Board of Health made a reply bristling
with personalities to the recent report of the
Grand Jury yesterday.
The great bicycle parade on the evening of
October 5 will exhibit many novel features in
decoration and illumination.
Tne fox-terrier coursing match next Sunday
at the Presidio A*thletic grounds promises to
be of much interest to sportsmen.
Unless something not now down on the pro
gramme occurs Dick Williams will be in ban
Quentin by 11 o'clock this morning.
If Garret McEnerney be right then some ol
the extra two-year office-holders will be bank'
rupt long before the end of tbeir terms.
Philip Phillips, the Eddy-street tailor, whe
attempted to commit suicide Wednesday morn'
ing, had completely recovered yesterday.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors has agreed to recommend that $30,00 C
be expended in improving Oak and Stauyai
streets
James J. Corbett, the pugilist, has declined
a $10,000 offer from the National Athletic
Club in lavor of one of $12,000 from the Eu
reta c;ub.
The friends and relations of Miss Mildred
Clark explain her nearness to death by saying
that she took the laudanum believing it to be
cough syrup.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' Asso
ciation has protested to the Board of Educa
tion against purchasing in the East black
boards ior school houses.
Orders were received yesterday at depart
ment headquarters of the United States army
changing the destination of the Fifth Artillery
lrom Florida to New York.
The sportsmen of this City are practicing
daily for the Live Bird and Inanimate Target
Association tournaments which will be held
in San Bruno and San Jose.
George W. Monteith. Populist candidate for
Congressman from the First District, hae filed
his certificate w;th the Secretary of State and
will be placed on the ticket.
By yesterday's steamer from Australia came
125, 000 in English sovereigns consigned to
the United States Branch Hint in this City for
recoinaze into American gold. ...
The Golden West Building and Loan Associa
tion yesterday brought suit to foreclose a
mortgage on the home of C. H. Kingsley, who
formerly conducted a poolroom on Leidesdorff
street.
James D. Phelan, Attorney Edward R. Tay
lor and others yesterday discussed the objec
tionable features of the new charter with an
assemblage of teachers at the Girls' High
School.
Mrs. Laura Blair of 224 Capp street was
stricken with apoplexy while taking a bath at
the Crystal Baths yesterday morning', and is
at the Receiving Hospital in an unconscious
condition.
The iuneral of. Rev. M. F. Colburn, late pas
tor of brace M. E. Church, took place yester
day. Several preachers spoke highly of his
life work. The church was crowded with
mourners.
William Mcßaln, a sailor on the ship Was
dale, bad his skull fractured last evening dur
ing a fight with a colored sailor named John
Fleming, and Fleming was arrested for assault
to murder.
Harry Cohen, who was found in the room of
a guest in the Palace Hotel, was yesterday held
by Judge Joachimsen to answer before the
Superior Court in $1000 bonds on the charge
of burglary. . ■
Employes of o'Connell & Lewis, boiler, ma
chine and Iron founders, refused to work
longer without pay and precipitated a general
meeting of the creditors of the firm, which may
discontinue business.
C. E. Bray, the local general agent of the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad, is hurry
ing to Chicago to save himself from official de
capitation. He is charged with having wrong
luily sold transportation to a scalper.
The Citizens' Independent Convention, at
its meeting last night, added five additional
Assemblymen and one Senator to its list of
nominees, and also appointed a committee to
notify Colonel C. L. Taylor of his nomination
for the office of Mayor.
United States District Attorney Foote and
Collector Wise are investigating the facts sur- j
rounding the importation of five cases of
statuary by Waldteufel it Co. only a lew weeks
prior to the death oi Acbille Walateuiel, the
•senior member of the firm.
Thomas R. Hayes yesterday filed a suit
against A. C. Widber, City and County Treas
urer, asking that the Superior Court issue a
writ of mandate to compel the payment of a
number of Dupont-street bond coupons.' This
is only one of a series of similar cases.
Archibald Barnard, nominated by the Kelly-
Mahoiifcy faction for City and County Attor
ney Wednesday night, was naturalized Mon
day last in the United States District Court,
when he foreswore allegiance to Victoria that
he might take a hand in side-show politics.
The Fire Commissioner* met yesterday after
noon and imposed the following lines for
neglect of duty: William Douglass, engineer
of engine 19, three days' pay; George Ma
honey, liosemnn of engine 31. fifteen days'
pay; and A. Sharon, engineer of engine 28,
live days' pay.
Judson R. Moore has been sue'l for mainten
ance by his wife. She alleges that In is in re
ceipt of an income of $60 a week and she ask*
that the court make an order allowing her $75
a month and $150 counsel fees. The parties
had been married but a month when the hus
band deserted his bride. The wedding took
place on July 30, 1896. •
NEW TO-DAY.
THE PBlZEyv KANSAS
Cured on^f^^ the
Disfiguring /? CDTICDRA
ECZEMA N^ REMEDIES
Onr baby when three weeka old was badly af-
flicted with Eczema. II it head, arms, neck. llmbg.
and nearly every Joint In her body was raw and
».lec<lin>r when we concluded. to try CVTICVOA.
ItEMKDIES. We began with . CI7TICI7RA (oint-
ment) and CimcritA. Soap, and offer the first
applttation we could sec a change After we bad
used them one week mom of the sores bad healed
entirely, and ceased to spread. In' less than a .
month, she was free from scales and blcoilslie*. and
to-day has as lovely skin and hair as any child.
She was shown at the Grange Fair. and took a -
premium as the prettiest baby.over Sixteen other*
Ik. A. Mrs Pakk, lcoa BcllcVicw Aye.. Kan. City.
Bold •Tczrirhcre. Poxtu Dxva * Cni*.Coxr, BoWn,
TEMPEST-TOSSED
SHIPS IS PORT
Terrible Experience of the
Dominion and Neder
lands.
CATJGET OFF CAPE HOBN
The Dominion Battled for Sixty
Days to Get Into the
Pacific.
ARRIVAL OF IHE MARIPOSA.
Actors and Millions of Gold Sover
eigns on the Same Vessel.
A Queer Fish.
Of all the vessels that have come into
port during the past month, the most
unfortunate has been the British ship
Dominion. She made an unusually long
passage, and in spite of the best of sea
manship the good ship could do but little
against the terrible storms off Cape Horn.
Forcine against the winds trom 30 in the
Atlantic to 40 in the Pacific took sixty
days, and when Captain Cooper came in
and reported a run of eleven days from
60 to 50. made by the Royal Forth, Captain
Meredith was chagrined.
The Dominion is one of the handsomest
ships in port and has made quick passages,
She and the Nation and Republic were
built about five years ago and were won
derfully successful vessels until this year.
The Republic was burned on a voyage to
San Francisco and the Dominion made an
unusually long trip to this port. It was
not the fault of the master, however, as
Captain Meredith is one of the most skill
ful skippers that comes to San Francisco,
He is a master carpenter and an artist of
no mean ability.
In consequence the Dominion is adorned
with many nicnacs and many oil paint
ings. The accompanying sketch is made
from a drawing by Captain Meredith. For
days and days tne ship was hove to under
a goose-winged lower main topsail and
not a mile of headway could be made.
The seas rode mountains high and the
galley fire was kept going from morning
till night to keep the coffeepot boiling for
the men, who were almost freezing to the
braces. Two boats were washed away
and other damage done, but in spite of
her rough experience the Dominion looks
one of the smartest vessels in port.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
Mariposa got in from Australia yesterday.
Tne steerage passengers were all rigidly
examined by Drs. Chalmers and Blue and
everybody had to show his or her ready
cash. Mrs. Crisp and Mrs. Martin are on
their way to Flor.da, where the latter
owns a ranch, and they surprised the im
migration commissioners by producing
$15,000 between them.
The cabin passengers were:
From Sydney— F! Lloyd, H. Wogtenholms, A.
Lysaght and wife, Thomas Elliott, W. Knapp,
H. Milford, Mrs. A. Myers and son, J. Vander
velde, L. V'andervelde, Mrs. E. Smith, Mrs. B»
\Y»l*h and Miss Blanche Walsh.
From Auckland— Miss Edith Crane, Mrs.
Jane Reiffarth, Miss Camille Cleveland, George
Welty, Reuben Fax, Herbert Carr, George
Life-Size Sketch of the Strange
Fish That Was Washed Aboard
the Mariposa in the Tropics.
Trader, Charles Canfleld, George Webster, Ed
win Morrison and Frank Sceats.
From Apia— Jonn Marshall, Rev v William
Roper, Miss Nicholson. Dorence Atwater, Ed
Dustendeick, Stephen Chapman, Mrs. Strong
nnd daughter, P. Tracey and wife. E. Shorey,
P. Jacobs, Henry Yerington and wife, Miss
Wasson, Mrs. Lucas, Mrs. Hardy, Dr. Fanny
Wetmore, A. Weirick, Mrs. A. P. Cook and two
children, Robert Schlaezlein, Rev. Thoma3
Garvin and wife, E. Bishop, A. Hartwell, Miss
Hardy and E. Waterhouse.
Blanche Walsh, who left here on the
Mouowai, laughs at the idea of leaving
Nat Goodwin's Company on account of
divorce proceedings, and asserts that there
was only room for one leading lady and
that she did not desire to^hare the honors
with Miss Maxine Elliott. Since Mis 3
Walsh has been in Australia the southern
aun has changed the color of her hair from
a brown to the color of burnished bronze.
The Trilby Company came back after a
most successful season. "They made things
pleasant during the trip over, and Mi«
Eiiith Crane, Miss Emma Cleveland,
Charley Canfield -and G. M. Welty were
the life ana soul of every party got up
aboard.
Dr. Sollas, a scientist who has been in
vestigating the coral reefs of the South
Seas, also returned. He says that a!l the
if lands are built on a Hand strata and are
liable to go down at any time, particularly
if a violent volcanic disturbance takes
place. Ke was puzzled over a strange
little ocean wanderer that came aboard
the Mariposa. It was on the 7th inst. in
Jatitude24 deg. 19 mm. north, longitude
175 de<_'. 18 mm. west and at 1:30 p. m.
when Dr. L. K. Riley .discovered the hsh,
still alive. A wave carried it aboard, and
now it remains to be seen what family it
belongs to. Dr. Riley has forwarded the
little wanderer to the Academy of Sciences
for classification, or if it be a stranger to
science to call it Rileyensis.
The Maiiposa brought one of the most
valuable cargoes that ever reached San
Francisco into port yesterday. Among it
was 85 boxes of English sovereigns, valued
at $2,125,000. Of these 45 boxes went to
the Anglo-Californian Bank and 40 boxes
to the London fend Paris Hank. All this
gold will be turned over to the mint and
recoined into good American $20 gold
pieces. Great quantities of wheat have
been shipped from here to Australia, and
in consequence the balance of trade b.is
been greatly against that country. Hence
the shipments of gold to San Francisco.
Two wel -bred horses came over on the
steamer. Tlie owners will not eive th- ir
names, as they want to enter them in the
race meeting to be held at Ingleside. One
of the horse* is known to be Disparity, a
mare that ran second in the Melbourne
cup two years ago. She is wonderfully
quick over a short distance.
Word came by the Mariposa that the
Union Steamship Company's new steamer,
to replace the Monowai, will sail from
Sydney, > T . S. W., on the March run. She
will be a t>pieudidly appointed vessel, »ad
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
The British Ship Dominion Had an Unusually Rough Experience Rounding Cape Horn* The Accompanying Sketch Is From a Picture
Made by Captain Meredith Showing Her Hove To Off the Cape Under a Goosewinged Lower Maintopsail.
according to contract must make fourteen
knots with a dead weight in her holds of
3700 tons. The Rakanoa, n freightboat
built for the same line, was in Sydney
when the Mariposa sailed. S?he had a car
rying capacity of 5000 tons.
Three carloads of ireight for Fresno, via
the Valley road, left for Stockton on the
steamer T. C. Walker yesterday. Two car
loads were for KuttnVr, Goldstein & Co.
and one for "Wellinan, Peck <fc Co-.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and awarded space to
Twisrg & Sons, the boat-builders, near the
Union iron Works, and to I'arby L.eydon
& Co. for unloading piles near Meiggs
wharf. The changes in the new ferry de
pot were again under discussion and Mr.
Moore of the Risdon Iron Works made a
number of aemands. No decision was
reached, and tne matter will come up
aprain noxt Tuesday.
The Martha Tufts and La Gerond are on
the Merchants' drydock being painted,
and the Tropic Bird is also there, but she
is being calked and coppered. This is the
first time in many a day that three me
dium-sized vessels have been on the dock
at one time.
Captain Paulson of the brig Geneva is a
very sick man. and has been compelled to
resign bis command. Captain J. Downie,
late of the steamer St. Paul, will go to the
sound and take the vessel to Alaska.
The British ship Pytliomere, which ar
rived yesterday from the Mauritius, re
ports the loss of one of the crew. Henry
B. Moyniehan fell from aloit on August
13 and died two days later from his inju
ries. He was only 18 years of age, and it
was his first voyage to sea.
The Dutch ship NederlanU, which ar
rived yesterday, had a terrible time of it
rounding tne Horn. She was caught in
the same gales that nearly wrecked the
Dominion and had to put into Port Stan
ley for repairs. Backstays nnd' lashings
were burst like pacii thread, sails were
blown out of the bolt ropes, lifeboats were
smashed into kindling wood and the port
rail was under water nearly all the time.
Eleven of the crew were laid" up from ex
posure and, over 100 tons of cargo had
to be jettisoned. New sails wore bent and
the rigging repaired, and the Nederland
finally reached port.
SORRY HE DID NOT DIE
Philip Phillips, Forester ard
Tailor, Has Completely
Recovered.
He Gives His Reasons fcr Courting
Death, but Will Not Tempt It
Again.
Philip .Phillips, the tailor at 7 Eddy
street, who made such careful prepara
tions ior death on Wednesday, had com
pletely recovered yesterday from the effects
of- the chloroform he had swallowed.
Attorney Nagle and other member of
the Ancient Order of Foresters visited
him at the Receiving Hospital yesterday
and assured him that bis deficiency to
Court Washington, of which be was treas
urer, would be made good.
Phillips expressed his regret that he was
not allowed to die. When asked if he
would make another attempt lie hesitated
and finally said he did not tuint be would.
"I am 58 years of ape," he paid, "and
have bad so many troubles in my life
throriL'h bearing the misfortunes of others
that lam tired of life. My life is insured
for $4000, and that would keep my wife
and daughter from starving after lam
gone.
"I swallowed three ounces of chloro
i form. The bottle was left in my shop
about six months ago by a .young man
who wanted his trousers cleaned with it.
But I did not want to use it. That was all
the poison 1 took, but thought it would be
enough.
"I went to the Surety Company myself
and told them of my shortage, wnich is
only $100. My assets are far in excess of
my debts and I had no fear that the short- I
age would not be paid.
"It is true I was convicted of arson, but
it is also true that I was innocent and
there are several people who can prove it.
That is why Governor Haight pardoned
me. I was then running a saloon on
Commercial and Battery streets and was
a young man without any incuniDrance.
My partner, Josh Davis, was a married
man with a large family. The fire oc
curred in the saloon while I was in bed
after attendine a Masonic meeting and I
thought it was better for me to suffer than
mr partner, who bad so much depending
unon him. 1 '
.Phillips reiterated the charges he made
against a well-known rabbi in his letters
to the Coroner and said be would yet
prove them.
More people speak English than Rus
sian, French and German put together.
SAYS IT WAS
ALL A MISTAKE
How Mildred Clark Came
So Near Dying From
Poison.
HER MOTHER'S STORY.
Her Daughter Thought That She
Was Taking Cough
Syrup.
TOOK LAUDANUM INSTEAD.
The Girl on the Road to Recovery.
She Knows bat Little of
the Case
It was a mistake her mother says. Mil
dred Clark thought she was taking cough
medicine when she took laudanum, and
all the trouDle followed that blunder. No
one told the girl to go to the devil, she
MISS MILDRED A. CLARK, Who Swallowed Laudanum in
Mistake for Cough Syrup, and Who Has Survived*
says; that was only the rambling state
ment of tier daughter as she lay in the
Receiving Hospital.
Last evening the girl was better and uhe
tried to explain just what she did and
where she went on Wednesday afternoon.
Miss Clark was found by one of the em
ployes of the Maicot House at 1118 Mar
ket street in one of the rooms uncon
scious. She had come in some hours be
fore and hired a room.
In explaining matters Walter Campbell,
who spoke with the authority of the girl's
mother, said:
"Bhe left home at 2:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon to cash a $200 check at the First
National Bank. This is her monthly al
lowance from her father, and as usual she
drew the money and deposited it in the
safe deposit vaalt, where her mother has a
box.
''Prior to leaving home she took with
her a small vial of what she believed to
be cough medicine, and as she was leaving
the vault she swallowed a mouthful of the
drug to avert a threatening attack of
couching.
"Walking tip Market street she felt a
great decree of dizziness and nausea.
There was no drugstore nor other handy
place in which she could sees shelter and
she observed the lodging-house called the
Mascot. Into this place she repaired and
told the landlady she was ill and wished
to lie down a little while. She was shown
to a room, where she was subsequently
found dying."
Dr. Bertram F. Alden, the family physi
cian, was by Miss Clark's bedsiue last
night, and he unhesitatingly stated she
would recover.
"I have been treating her for a clogging
of the left lung during the past two years.
She has been progressing quite well, but
she is still a delicate girl. I know notti
ing of the cause of her present trouble,
and accept her mother's statement of the
affair as the truth. 1 '
The young girl, herself, says that no
man bad been with her or bad taken her
away from home. She did not remember
that she ever said, "He told me to go to
the devil, and I tried to go."
ALBUM CONTEST.
Frizes to Be Awarded Under Auspices
of the Woman's Christian Temp
erance Union.
The award of prizes in the album con
test under the direction of the Central
Woman's Christian Temperance Union of
San Francisco will be made this evening
at the First Baptist Church, Jones and
Eddy streets. Mayor Sutro and Madison
.Babcoclt, Superintendent of Schools, have
promised to attend and participate in the
exercises. Mrs. B. S. I*ete, president of
the State Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, will present "King Alcohol' 1 to the
audience.
Eight prises have been offcrea for the
best temperance scrap alburn. The first
prize is $20, ihe second $15, the third
$:2 50, the fourth $10, the .filth $7 60, the
sixth $5 and the seventh and eighth $2 50.
Those who iiu not win either ot the eight
prizes will have a valuable album to ke p.
Ttie judges are Mayor Sutro, Madiaon
Babcock and Mrs. B. 8. Peet.
The contest is under tne direction of
Mrs. H. H. Luse (president), Mrs. C. H.
Patchett, Mrs. Irving, Mrs. A. B. Graham
and Mrs. C. A. Davie.
MAY CONTINUE BUSINESS
The Creditors of O'Connell &
Lewis' Iron Works Hold
a Meeting.
Employes Refused to Work — The
Nominal Assets Greatly Exceed
the Liabilities
A meeting of the creditors of O'Connell
& Lewis, boiler, machine works and iron
founders at Francisco and Kearny streets,
was held yesterday in the office of Stafford
& Stafford, attorneys for the firm. It was
called by Messers. O'Connell and Stafford,
and the question of continuing or discon
tinuing the business of the firm was con
sidered. The liabilities are said to be $50,
-000 and the assets $90,000, including $10,
-000 in contracts and outstanding accounts,
the machinery and the real estate of the
iron works. The necessity of a meeting
of the creditors was caused by the general
depression of business and inability to
realize on accounts.
The firm is behind in payment of wages
to its employes, and the tumble was pre
cipitated by the employes refusing to go
to work last Saturday unless they were
paid.
It was represented on behalf of the firm
that they thought they could pay their
liabilities, cr the largest part of them, in
six months or a year, and that much ex
tension of time was asked.
The creditors appointed a committee to
examine into the books and accounts of
kew to-dat:
V Nature's /
V Best /
V Tonic /
\ but not a stimulant; /
\ the refreshing, nour- /
\ ishing, life-building /
\ qualities of the /
\ cocoa bean put /
: \in a convenient /
; • . \ form. /
\ ' * I
GHIRARDELLI'S
COCOA
. Made here— Always fresh; full
strength and purity guaranteed.
32 cups 25c. All Grocers.
. . ' ■ . (wiLD(t * co., « '•) ■
■^— — aa— —
KEW TO-DAT-AJHUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION!
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET, '
GBASDKST EXPOSITION ONBECOBD
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA. .
Voting:, for the Five Best Exhibits
September 11 to October 1. ;;
U PRIZES- — —SIX GOLD MEDALS.
See the Magnificent Display of Live Fish !
Friday, September 25— League of the Cross Ca-
oets: -Native "Sons ot' the Golden' West: .Native
"Daughters of the Golden West; League of Ameri-
can Wheelmen; 9 p. it., rendering of patriotic
songs by the pupils of the' Franklin Grammar
School. ■•■.■• • . . ■:,•:■ v ■ . ;
Saturday, September 26. afternoon— Babies' day,
beautiful prizes for Handsomest Babies (12 prizes),
children 2 to 5 years of ace; I Stanford University
day. College ; airs; San Francisco Commercial
Travelers' Association; literary .Exercises in Art
Gallery. . •■ ■.■ - . •:
* 5 -Admission 35c, Children 15c.
MEW to-pat:
1 Poor ~ 1
I Pilgarlic? 1
H . there .is no need for you . |j
| to contemplate a wig j|
|j when '■ you can enjoy the j|
|l pleasure of sitting again |
|i under your own "thatch." |
I You can begin to get |j
. $ your, hair back as soon !^|
£| as you begin to use !^|
I Ayer's •': I
.I Hair Vigor. 1
the firm, and the committee will report
next Tuesday at another meeting.
Attorney vV. F. Stafford said yesterday
afternoon: "The amounts owed range
from $50 to $1700. The firm has been run
ning along for months hoping to collect
something on contracts and pay the men
and other accounts, but they could not do
so. If this meeting had been called
earlier, I think, the worts might have
been running to-day."
• — ♦ *
The Sonderup Case Again.
Marie Sondernp has sued the Market-street
Railway Company for 5£50,000 damages for
causlnjr the death of Jens W, Sonderup, on
October 15, 1895. Sonderup was run down 'by
a Kearny-s'.reet electric car, and it w as over the
inquest on his body that Coroner Hawkins
ana Dr. Kuhlman became involved in the
difficulty which resulted in so much litigation.
• — ♦ — •
Cornelius King's Money.
James and Daniel King yesterday applied
for letters of administration on the estate of
Cornelius King. All of the property has been
distributed except $20,000, and it is desired
to get this in ahape lor panuion.
NEW TO-DAY.
It isn't big profits that
makes the pile at the end
of the year, Mr. Grocer, you
know that. It's the many.
Schilling's Best is the tea
for good-will; and good-
will is your best advertise-
ments.
Money-back tea. ,
A Schilling & Company
. ; San Francisco • ' 800
HEW TO-I»AT— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBs.E»NKSTrNE Kbelixo. Proprietor & Manager
a-retxici Opera. Season
■ RETURN OF THE FAVORITES!
THIS EVHNINQ
Verdi's Divine Inspiration, -
"jAJITD A. !"
Cast includes :
IDA VALERQA, BER^ICE HOLMES,
BIG. MICHELENA, MAURICE DE VRIES,
BIG. AERAMOPF, SIG. NAPOLEONL
. Etc. Etc. . Etc.
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
100 People on the Stage. '
In Preparation : : : : SATANEIXA
- First Appearance of . •
ELVIA COX 8 A BROOKE, Soubrette,
MAURICE DARCY, Light Comedian.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
TWiCBUnntR.OOTTU)D « G>- LtisejA!«nAiiA«U»-" ■
OUR BUSINESS IS W ATS GOOD.
— AND WHY?
BECAUSE OUR "OWN" __^
Never Fall to Please. So See
I3NT SI*ITE OF ATiTiS
"Au Eevoir" on Monday Next.
■ . Seats Now Selling.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER M.OROSCO. sola Leasee and HaoMC«s
EVERYBODY WAS THERE!
EVERYBODY WAS PLEASED
INSTANT SUCCESS OF
L. R. STOIIWELL. VICTORY BATEMAI
In Gun tar's Most Successful Work, j-
"MR. POTTER OF TEXAS!"
Beautiful Gowns! Splendid Accessories!
Gorgeous Scenery !
Evening. Prices— lOe. 25c and r.Oo.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
r'FarreH Street, ketwppti Stockton and PowtlL
Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 81,
BIL.EY AXD HUGHKS S .
CARPOS BROTHERS.
MASTER WALTER LEON.
Only Two Nights More of
FILSOX AND KKROL,
ABDULLAH and MLLK. ALMA.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera Cnairs
and Box -Sea: s, 60c. ■ • .'__-,
CominK-Tbe Famous Royal Hawaiian Band
and Olee Club. ■
Belasco, Doase <fc Jordan. I>s3pei A Managers,
The Artistic Triumph, of the Week!
divorce : —
PRlCES— Kvenlng: 15c. 25c, :*seand SOe.
Matinee: 1 sc, 35c and 35c.
Secure Seats by Telephone, Black 991;
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenlo Railway on Karbb,!
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P.. M.
Evenings at 10. and Saturday and Sun-
day at 4:30.
ANTONIO PIKRi Will Ride Town the Chutes
on a Bicycle and Land In the Lake.
The Wonder of the Century is the
atosoo:bf»:ej s
SATURDAY NIGHT— GRAND EXHIBITION
By the Plumed Knights Drill Corps !
SPECIAL! SINDAY AFTERNOON,
Balloon Ascension and Parachute Drop by
C. W. VOSMEK.
The Eminent Aeronaut.
ADMISSION lor CENTS.
Children. Including Merry-Go- Kound Klde. 5 cent*
SUTRO^ATHS.
CHARLES CAVILL,
Who Recently Hwam the Golden Gate, will Swhn
Around seal Kocks DAY, Sept. 27, at .
3 o'clock, followed by an Immense- .
„ Programme in the Baths.
GKEI.^.3SrX) CONCERT.
.: . ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN 50,
TO-NIGHT — FRIDAY.
TESTIMONIAL CONCERT-—
ALEX. WART,
First Congregational Uiureli, Oakland.
ORCHESTRA" OF FIFTY.
SIGMUND BEKL. : Violinist; MRS. ' OLIVK
REED, Contralto: JOHN W. METCALF
Pianist; MISS DOROTHY GOOD-dIXL, Sol
piano, and Otbera. Admission, 50c,
78
RACING EVENTS
AT STOCKTON
Auditor's Admirers Lose
Heavily on Him, but
Win on Bastina.
LOUPE PLUCKS HONORS.
Paces the Fastest Heats Ever
Traveled Over the Stockton
Courses.
PICKPOCKETS COME TO GRIEF.
Weather Is Warmer and Visitors
From Sacramento Help Swell
the Crowd.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 24.— 1t is said
wine ripens with age. and as the fair
progresses the crowd continues to increase
in sire. To-day the largest crowd of the
week saw some good, clean sport in nearly
every instance. The infield was well
populated to-day with vehicles of differ
ent descriptions, and a delegation of
Sacramentans helped swell the number of
spectators in the grand stand.
The thermometer took a startling up
ward jump. The horses seem to enjoy
the change if the public did not. A num
ber of pickpockets, posing as touts, did a
thriving business. One or two who were
luckless enough to fall into the clutches
of the law through their clumsiness bid
fair to become wards of the State for some
time to come.
Auditor, favorite for the 2:24 trot, dis
appointed his admirers, who fell heavily
by his downfall, but they pulled out by
backing Bastina, favorite for the 2:27
pace, and Rebellion, first in demand for
the mile handicap.
The unfinished 2:13 pace was the first
event called. Loupe, with two heats
to his credit, raced with Del Norte
to the homestretch, when he drew away
and won cleverly in 2:10%, thus winning,
the honor of having been the victorious
contestant in the fastests heats ever trav
eled over the Stockton circular or kite
courses.
Driver Joe Edge's horse Auditor was
considered quite the fashionable thine for
the 2:24 trot, and hit friends jumped
aboard, bidding $30 for the son of Secre
tary to $10 for the sturdy looking Addison
and $7 for Alias. Auditor was not up to a
hard race, and Addison, skillfully piloted
by Nelson, got away with the race in
straight heats in 2:19— 2:19— 2:21^. Audi
tor, who was driven by "Jimmy" Sullivan
after the first heat on account of the ill
ness of Mr. Edge, earned second money by
finishing second in two heats.
The 2:27 pace was somewhat tame.
Bastina, driven by his owner, M. M. John
son, brought $10 in the auction pools, with
the entire fieid, consisting of Prince H,
Butch, Rex Alto and Munvon, bringing
but $10. Bastina held a iead of a few sec
onds and finished before the field in
straight heats. Time, 2:19— 2:19— 2: 22»£.
Prince H, driven to the best advantage by
F. Haney, took second money.
Six accepted the weights in the mile
handicap. Rebellion, with 104 pounds up,
had a strong following, the big players
bidding $25 for him, with Miss Pollard
bringing $11 and the field $10. Shepard
either intentionally or unintentionally
yanked Miss Pollard up at the start and
she was left. At any rate the right sort of
coin did not go in on Burlingame's mare.
Trix evidently was the only one trying
outside of the favorite, and she beaded the
field to the stretch. Here Martin, on the
first choice, by some judicious riding over
hauled the outsider, and, in a drive, won
by three parts of a length from Favory,
who, after'running a strong half, fell back
and then came strong again at the finish.
The mile was covered in 1:41%.
Trotting; 2:24 class: purse $700. Best 3in 5
heats.
Addison, oik. s., by James Madison (Nelson). 1 1 1
Auditor, br. g., by secretary (Edge <t Sullivan)B 2 2
Alias, b. in., by Woolsey (Galnes) 2 33
Time, 2:2lJ£-'2:20-2:l9Vi.
Pacing; 2:27 class: purse $500. Best 3 in 6
heats.
Uastlna, eh. f., by Nutford (Johnson) 1 1 1
Prince H, b. g., by George Rickman (Hauey).S 2 3
Munyon, b. h.. by Wilke.-dale (HolmeS) '2 4 4
Rex Alto. b. s., by Alto Rex (McGregor) 5 5 2
Butch, eh. %., by Coprl (Shaver) 4 3 6
lime, 2:19— 2:19-2:22^-
Running: mile handicap; purse 9200.
Oakland stable's eh. g., Rebellion, 3, by Peel-
Mutiny, 104 (H. Merlin) 1
A. B. Miller's eh. g.. Kavory, 4, by John A-
Lowena R, 111 (Spencer) 2
Miss G. Narvaez's b. «?., Tnx, 6, by Freeman-
Annie L, t>3 (Fitzgerald) 3
Time 1.41y 5 .
Landlord 86, Regan 88, Miss Pollard 112, also
ran, the latter being left at the post.
Auction pool-betting: Rebellion 926, Miss Pol
lard $11, field $10.
COMMUN'S AT STOCKTON.
Increasing Crowds Attend the Bhou> — The
Latest A. card*.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 24.— During the
forenoon and afternoon the balance of
the awards made to the dogs entered in the
Steckton Bench Show were made by J. Otis
Fellows, the judge.
To-nieht the space allotted to the bench
show in the pavilion was so crowded that
there was hardly room for the spectators to
move about in the aisles.
The judging ceased to-day, but the show
will continue until Saturday night, and
will probably draw a larger crowd every
night. It is the most successful affair ever
undertaken in the pavilion by the fair
directors. ■ It has drawn people to the big.
building who never thought of going there
before. Following were the awards made
to-day :
Class 21, challenge, bitches over 50 pounds-
Champion Pattie Croxteth T, Elcho kennels,
San Francisco, 1.
Class 23, challenge, bitches under 50
pounds — Champion Kioto, Elcho kennels, San
Francisco, 1.
Class 24, open, dogs over 55 pounds— Prince
A, A. H. Pepper, Stockton, 1; Ben N, G. V. Duf
field, Ban Francisco, 2; CapQ, R. L. Quesen
b«;rry, Stockton, 3.
Class 25, open, bitches over 50 pounds— Juno
li, Mrs. Hugh McCrackcn. San Francisco, 1.
Class 27, novice, dogs— Prince A, A. H. Pep
■per, Stockton, 1.
Class 28, novice, bi tehee— Briae R, C. E
Rich, Stockton, 1.
ENGLISH SETTERS.
Class 29, challenge, bitches — Champion
Countess Noble, H. T. Payne, San Francisco,!.
Class 30, open, dogs— Count Harold, H. T.
Payne, San Francisco, 1; Midas, W. O. Harlan,
Stockton, 2; Mck H, C. Haas, Stockton, 2;
Cazador. Mrs. David Winders, Stockton, 3.
Class 31, open, bitches— Silverplate, S. F.
Hughes, San Francisco, 1; Flora W, p. M.
Wand, San Francisco. 2; Nellie W, David
Winders, Stockton, 3.
Class 32. pnppie», dogs— Danna Gladstone, J.
BreidenbHch, Stockton, 1.
Class 33, puppies, bitches-Lady Elsie, R. W.
Bowdick, San Francisco, l.
Irish setters: Class 34, challenge, dogs-
Champion Dick Swiveler, A. B. Truman, San
Francisco. 1.
Class 35, challenge, bitches— Lightning T,
A. B. Truman, San Francisco. 1.
Class 36, open, dous— Lad of Glesmore. G. B.
M. Gray, Oakland, 1; Barrymore, Glenmore
kennels, West Berkeley. 2; Finglar Jr., Glen
more kennels, 2; Neptune B, Charles Black,
Stockton. 3: Billy Coleraine, J. H. Varley, Los
Angreles, reserve; iSeminole 111, Mrs. James H.
Lindsey. Stockton, very highly commended;
Ned, R" E. Gowell, Stockton, same; Joe B. Miss
Nellie Blossom, Stockton, same; Red, F. N.
Lastreto, Stockton, highly commended;
Jumbo. Ben Finkbohner. Stockton, . com
xnendea.
(.laßs 37, open, bitches— Queen of Kildare.
Miss E. Creagh, San Francisco, 1; Queen Swiv
eler, Klcho kennels, San Francisco, 2; Girl of
Glenmore, Winfieid Scott, San Francisco, 2;
Rye, James H. Lindsey, Stockton, very highly
commended; Trixie, Ansel L. Knowles, Stock
ton, highly commended; Rose, Bob Cahill,
Stockton, commended.
Class 32, puppies, dogs— Leo H M, Harry
Masters. Stockton. 2; Rex, H M, Mrs. Harry
Masters, Stockton, 2.
ALL HINDS OF RACES AT RENO
Queer Ruling of Judges in a Btcycle
Content — Lady Jockey Hurt.
RENO, Nev., Sept. 24.— Bicycling under
the auspices of the Reno branch of the
League of American Wheelmen was the
principal feature of the State Fair pro
gramme to-day.
The quarter-mile race for boys under 15
years was won by Sam Franco vich in :31.
The quarter-mile championship was given
Martin Simas, the judges ruling that
Kelly of Carson, who came in first, for
feited the race by looking back. The Car
son riders exceptad to the ruling and re
fused thereafter to participate in the races.
The results in other races were as fol
lows: Half mile and repeat, G. Johnson,
time 1:13; quarter mile ladies' race, Lulu
Becker, 34 4-5; half-mile championship,
R. N. G'Neal, 1:08 4-5; half mile boys'
race, Charles Pyne, 1:12 4-5; mile cham
pionship, O'Neal, 2:31 4-5; quarter mile
and repeat, S. Francovicb, 31 2-5; mile
tandem, c. Nash and G. Johnson, 2:19;
five-mile championship, O'Neal, 14:15;
two-mile handicap, C. Nash, 4:52.
Three running races comprised the
speed programme. The first was a mile
dash, with lady jockeys. In scoring,
Drumniond got beyond the control of his
mount, Bessie Applegate, and ran a mile
ana a quarter, when the lady fell off and
was severely bruised. Fannie E and Val
paraiso ran out the dash, the former win
ning, ridden by Daisy Allen. The five
eighth mile dash was won by Mackey,
Ironheart second; time l:02}-£. In the
one and a sixteenth miles run Silver State
was an easy winner; time I:52J^.
THE RACES AT NEVADA.
Large ' Crowd* Attending and Pools
Picking Vp.
NEVADA, Cal., Sept. 24.— T0-day's at
tendance at the fair grounds was the
largest of the meeting so far, having in
creased each day since the racing began.
The weather has moderated, and there is
now every promise of large crowds to-mor
row and Saturday. Pool-selling was lively
this afternoon, showing that much inter
est was taken in the events. The speed
contests resulted as follows:
The mining superintendents' race, two
in three, owners to drive, was won by W.
H. Gaffett's Melrose, second and - third
money divided between Oscar and Sorrel
Charley. Time, 2:4l>£.
: Running race, five-eighths of a mile and
repeat, was won by Rose Clark, San Tnza
second. Time, 1:03.
The Narrow-gauge Railroad stake, handi
cap, one and a quarter miles, was won by
i Arnette, Sabilla second. Time, 2:13.
Three interesting bicycle races also took
place between the other contests.
ENTRIES AT SAN JOSE.
Large List of Races for Fair Week and
Many Fast Entries.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 24.— A great deal
of interest is being taken in the races to
be held at Agricultural Park during fair
week, commencing September 28. Over
100 entries have already been received for
the trotting races, and nearly all the fast
horses on the circuit will be entered. The
running races entries are also filling fast.
There will be two harness and two run
nine events each day. Purses amounting
to $7500 have been hung up.
There will be a special pacing race be
tween Agitato, Silkwood, Waldo Jr., \Y.
Wood and Bay wood.
Arrangements have been made with the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company to run
a special train from San Francisco to this
city every morning durine th« fair, re
turning in the evening. The round trip
rate will be $1, inclnding admission to the
fair.
There is also talk of having running
races for a week after the fair closes.
RACING IN THE EAST.
of the Victors in Leading Events in
'three Cities.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 24.— Results:
Seven and a half furlongs, Bravo won, Hes
sene second, Victoress third. Time, 1:36.
Six furlongs, Hush won, May Ashley second,
Roundelay third. Time, 1:U)£
Five and a half furlongs, Blitzen's Sister won,
Our Bishop second, Lady Britannic third.
Time. 1:09.
Six furlongs, Agol won, Buck Videre second,
i Don Clarence third. Time, 1 :14^.
One mile, Moyian won, Uarlaua Bar second,
Don Carrillo third. Time, 1 :43.
One mile, Pepper won, Mobalaska second,
Royal Choice third. Time, 2 :43.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 24. -To-day's re
sults at Gravesend:
Six furlongs, Agitator won, Harrington
second, Tragedian third. Time, X:XQ%.
Mile and a sixteenth, Howard Mann won,
Sapelo second, Buckwa third. Time. 1:50.
One mile, Harry Reed won, Urania second,
Glenmoyne third. Time, 1:42.
Five furlongs, Challenger won, Passover sec
ond, Friendship third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlongs, Woodvine won, Declare second.
Article third. Time, I:l6>^.
Five furlongs, Chic won, Scarfpin second,
Break o' Day third. Time, 1:09.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind., Sept. 24.— Although
but two of the four races were finished to-day
the sport was the best seen here in several
years:
2:18 pace, $2000, Planet won, Princess Eu
lalia second, Tuta Wilkes third Time 2-10' i
2:18 trot, $1500, Dick Hubbard won, Frank
lin second, Ed mo nla third. Time 2123£
2:13 trot, $1000, Pilot Boy won, Senator A a
tie '.riih Dentine for second! Time, 2:lOV£
2:15 trot, Newcastle and Prateli each a heat
Cut Glass second. Time, 2 :12.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
.ÜBS.
on.
Lost.
Cent.
Baltimore ......*.
Jleveland.' ;...;
Cincinnati. ..........
Boston. ............
Chicago
PlUsbarg. ;......
New iToric....
Philadelphia
Washington.
Brooklyn ;...; .:....„
St. L0ui5........................;
Louisville .......;;.. .■.,,..
89
79
77
72
71
66
64
61
69
67
S»
37
»8
47
60
57
67
61
66
68
70
72
89
92
.700
.626
.606
.650
.654
.519
.492
.472
.456
.441
.304
.208
BALTIMORE, Md., Sept. 24.— Score: Balti
mores 3, 9, 2 ; New Yorks 8, 15, 0. Batteries—
Kops and Robinson, Meekin and Wasner.
Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 24.— Score: St. Louis
11, 18, 7; Pittsburgs 5, 7, 5. Batteries—Dona
hue and McFarland, Horton and Sugden. Um
pire—Lally.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Sept. 24.-Score:
Philadelphia* 4, 7, 3; Brooklyns 12, 16, 3.
Batteries— Taylor and Grady, Daub and Grim.
Umpire — Hornung.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 24.— Score: Wash
ingtons 12, 12, O; Bostons 5,8.4. Batteries-
Mercer and Farreli, Nichols and Bergen.
Umpire— Hurst.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Sept 24.— Score: Cleve
lands 7. 12. 3; Louisvilles 13, 19, 3. Batteries-
Gear and McAllister, Hill and Miller. Umpire-
Sheridan.
■San Jose liners Declared Off.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Bept. 24.— 0n account
of the inability of the Santa Clara County
Agricultural Society and C. H. Corey, who
had proposed to lease the society's race
irack from September 26 to October 3 for
racing purposes, to come to an agreement,
the races which had been advertised to be
held in this city during that time were
this evening declared off.
Ohe variety of the cricket has its ears in
its hind legs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
STANFORD OPENS
FOOTBALL SPORT
Freshmen Pitted Against
Juniors in the Initial
Contest.
THE BOYS' CLEAN SCORE
Several Crack Players of Both
Teams Reported on th,e
Repair List.
LIVELY INTEREST OF CC-EDS
Features of the Game— Kickers and
Punters Entitled tc Honorable
Mention.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
24.— The first football game of this season
between rival classes was played to-day
between the freshman eleven and the
juniors. Tt ended 6—o in favor of the
freshmen. Unfortunately several of the
best players of both teams were on the
"repair list," having been laid up at
recent practice games, o • being in such
poor condition that they were unequal to
their usual good game. Madden, James,
Soper and Seawright were all playing with
bruises and strains more or lees severe.
Great interest was taken in the game, it
being the first opportunity for judging of
the strength of the freshmen as a team,
and it being the first game of the season
among the class teams.
A large number of spectators were out to
witness the play, fully 500 students being
on hand when time was called. A large
number of these weie co-eds, who are tak
ing an unusual interest in the game this
year and are regular attendants on the
side-lines. Partisans of both classes were
on hand in noisy numbers, and the rival
yells of the classes kept the crowds ex
cited even when the play was uninterest
ing.
The teams lined up at 4 o'clock as fol
lows:
'98 team. Positions. '00 team.
Bigelow ...Center Buntln
1 .ill ar J H— Guard— L Perkins
Adams L— Guard— R Balenti ne
Harrington R— Tackle— l* Ruslc
Fickert L— Tackle— R Cuthbertson
Pauly R— End— L Chandler
Frost L— End— R McLaine
Allen Quarterback... Murphy (cap:.)
Carle R— Half— L Higgler
Fisher v— Half— R Brown
Dole Full back Lanagan
Substitutes, '98 team— Swalne nnd Tupp.
Substitutes. '(JO team— Burnett. Bldweli, Nourse,
Ferris and Chandler.
The juniors took the ball first, and
Carle kicked for 40 yards. Diggler got
the ball ana plunged down the iieul for
20 yards before being downed. Rusk
bucked for 10 yards, and the freshmen
cheered themselves hoarse. Lanagan
kicked for 35 yards and the freshmen got
the ball, but immediately lost it.
The first try of the juniors resulted in
no gain. Then Dole made 6 yards and
the freshmen got the bail on a fumble.
Lanagan kicked for 30 yards. Burtin '
stopped Dole from making any gtiin, but
immediately after Dole made a 6-yard
end run. Fisher bucked for 3 yards,
and Fickert made no gain, being tackled
by Balentine. Dole struck the line for
3 yards, ana Carle bit right tackle for
6 yards more, which Fisher soon made 10.
Carle, Fisner and Fickert each made short
gains, and 1900 got possession of the pig
skin.
Lanagan immediately punted for 36
yards and '98 took the ball, but lost 20
yards on a bad pass to Dole, who fumbled.
Dote tried auotner kick and ina<le 15 yards,
Fic&ert failing on the ball. Dole kicked
again and Cuthbertson made a long run
to the '98's five-yard line before being
tackled. A buck by 1900 followed with no
gain. The ball was then passed to Diggler,
who made a tine end run with Murphy's
interference, and a touch down waß re
corded. Murphy kicked the goal. Score,
6 — o in favor of the freshmen.
The ball was taken back to the center of
the field and Carle kicked off for thirty
yards. Balentine got the ball and brought
it back 12 yards. Lanagan punted for 40
yards and Dole ran ii back 10 yards.
Dole, Fisher, Carle and Fickert made an
aggregate of 15 yards by bucking and the
first half ended.
In the second 1900 took the ball and
Murphy opened up with a long punt,
which Dole returned. The freshmen, made
no gain by bucking, but Diggler's run and
Lanagan's punts kept the ball in '98's ter
ritory throughout the half.
Diggler and Murphy especially distin
guished themselves by long-end mn*. The
game ended with the ball on 's»s's» ten-yard
line.
The features of the game were Cuthbert
son's strong showing a.ainst Fickert,
whom every one expected to see walk
through the freshman line; but his
doughty little opponent showed he had no
end of grit and understood hi 3 position.
Lanagan punted in fine siyie for the
freshmen and Rusk, at tackle, at times had
things his own way with Harrington, who,
however, is not a tackle, but a guard, and
was comparatively new to nis position.
Dole and Fisher did the best work for
'98.
WINS BY TWO FEET
Tom Cooper Defeatm John ton in a Match
4 Wheel Race.
WAVERLY, N. J., Sept. 24.-By the
narrow margin of two feet, but in slow
time for champions, : Tom Cooper to-day
defeated the renowned "Johnnie" Johnson
in a match race at the Quill Cycle Club's
meet. Fine weather made it possible for a
large crowd to be present, ana the Detroit
wonder was warmly applauded for his
victory.
One mile, invitation race, orofessional
between Tom Cooper and John Johnson who
qualified last Saturday. Won D» Tom Cooner
by two feet. Time, 2:13 2-5. ' ■
Five-mile metropolitan championship
amateur. Won by Walter Roome, Ray Dawsou
second, Joe Harrison third. Time. 12:08.
Iwo-mile handicap, amateur. Won by C A
Carlson (115 yards), ■. G. B. Smith second (115
yards-), W. L. Lossee third (205 yards). Time
4:30 4-5. '
One mile handicap, professional. Won by
A. C. .Mertens (40), Eddie Bald (scratch) second,
W. A. Barbeau (70) third. Time, 2:10 1-5.
Five-mile record trial by James Michael
The time of the longdistance Welch champion
was 10:01 1-5.
The American record is 9:58, held by Arthur
Gardiner.
A Twenty- Four- Hour Race.
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. 24.— A profes
sional twenty-four-bour race, paced, for
purses of $250, $150, $100 and $50, and lib
eral record prizes, began at the cycle tour
nament at the Coliseum at 9 o'clock to
night. The starters were: Ned Reading,
Fort Keogh, Mont.; Louis Grimro, Cleve
land; C W. Miller, Chicago; A. A. Han
sen, Minneapolis; Fred Schinner, Chi
cago; B. D. Blakeslee, Kensington, III.;
Albert Schock, Minneapolis; George H.
Van Emburg, Ailington, N. J. ; Herman
Kohl, Chicago: W. H. Hyde. Rock Island,
III.; Frank Waller, New York; Lyman
Myers, Minneapolis; Bert Harding, bt.
Louis,
Miller of Chicago took the lead at the
start and kept it steadily. He covered
twenty-seven miles in 59:51 4 5, Waller of
New York being two laps behino. The
time for fifty miles made was 1:54:25^, be
mc 17:42 1-5 better than tht American
record, wnich is 2:11:08 4-5. Miller ■= cov
ered fifty-two miles in 2:00:07 1-5, being
eight laps in the lead then. ;
Miller also secured the 100-mile Ameri
can record made last fall by R. P. Searie
at Fountain Ferry. His time for the cen
tury mark was 4:07:01. This was a breaic
in the former record of 15:14. Waller's
time was 4:12:45 and Harding's 4:14:43.
Both the latter two came within the mark.
At 2 o'clock this (Friday) morning eleven
men were riding. Scores: Wimm, 118
miles • 2 laps; Waller, 117 miles ; 1 lap;
Myers, 117 miles; Hansen, 118 miles 2
laps; Hardinc, 115 miles 2 laps. Miller
again began to ride at 2 o'clock.
".- . • ."— :_; — ' ♦ — _
MONTEREY TANBARK INDUSTRY.
An Enterprising San Jose Firm Secures a
Monopoly and /s Doing a Thriv
ing Business.
MONTEREY, Cal., Sspt. 24. — The
schooner Bessie X., Captain Andersen,
took 118 tons of tanbark from Notley
Bros. 1 landing, a cove about thirty-eight
miles down the coast from here, to Aiviso.
The bark^was consigned to Notley Bros.,
San Jose. This last shipment completes
an order of 500 tons, part of which was
shipped by rail from this place. This
firm commenced operations in this locality
in the summer of last year as a venture
and cleaned out in four months' time
about 1200 cords of wood, from which they
peeled the bark. The bark had to be
hauled by six-horse teams for forty miles
over the roughest road in the State up the
coast to this place, where it was shipped
Dv rail to San Francisco and San Jose.
Finding ready sale for the bark, how
ever, Notley Bros, increased their forces
this year and moved farther back in the
mountains, where the bar* was more
plentiful. This year they have already
cut about 3000 cords and will continue
workine for several months yet, having
found a landing-place about due west from
the seine of operations where small
schooners could anchor and take on car
goes safejy, which materially assisted
them in shipping. The country in which
the choppers are now at work is altogether
inaccessible to teams, and all provisions
have to be carried in and all bark has to
be brought out on pack mules. The bark
when brought to the summit of the
mountain is bundled up and slides down
the mountain side in a flume tb the land
ing on the coast.
FATAL LEAP FROM A CAR
Mrs. Kate Taber, or Tahey, of
San Francisco Meets an
Awful Death.
Was on Her Way to Butte, Montana,
and Is Supposed to Have Be
come Insane.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. 24.— General
Passenger Agent W. H. Hurlburt last
night received a brief dispatch from his
agent at Wallula to the effect that an un
known woman, holding a ticket from San
Francisco to Butte, Mont., had jumped
from a tourist-car on the O. R. and N.
Railway while the train was in motion,
near Wallula, and received injuries from
which she shortly after died. The act was
either a suicidal one, or committed while
the woman was laboring under an insane
spell.
The information telegraphed to Mr.
Huriburt was of the most meager kind,
with nothing in the way of description
from which to identify the unfortunate
woman, beyond her own signatuie to her
ticket, which is not very clear, and reads
either "Mrs. Kate Taber" or "Mrs. Kate
Tahey."
The woman was on the train that left
Portland at 7 o'clock Tuesday evening,
and she jumped from the train about 2
o'clock yesterday morning. When the
train backed up to where sne lay she was
iound unconscious, with her face badly
bruised and one arm broken. She was
| placed on the train and taken to Wallula,
I and left there for medical attention. She
I never recovered consciousness, ana died
shortly after, leaving the mystery as to
| her identity or cause for the fatal leap
I deeper thau ever.
FRESNO FIREBUGS QUARRED
Conversation Overheard by a Lady Con
aidrred of Great importance.
FRESNO. Cal , Sept. 24.— Mrs. John W.
Lambert, whose husband was acquitted of
a charge of murder yesterday, stood about
11 o'clock last night in her front yard and
overheard the conversation of two men,
one of whom was threatening to inform
the authorities on some one who had been
the cause of the fires which destroyed the
Baptist and Presbyterian churches in this
city within the past few weeks. The other
fellow was trying to dissuade him from
carrying out his threat. The two men
were standing under a tree, d short dis
tance from the Lambert house, and they
aid not see Mrs. Lambert, who was await
ing the return of her husband from up
town. .
Mrs. Lambert thinks that the man who
made the threats to inform on some third
party was under the influence of liquor,
judging from the manner of his conver
sation. He said that this party had
wronged him, and that he was "bound to
get even by sending him to the pen."
T. G. Hart, Chief of the Fire Department,
considers Mrs. Lambert's information
very valuable for the reason that he be
lieves it confirms the theory he has held
that the destruction of the churches was
of incendiary origin. He has been totally
unable thus far, however, to obtain any
clew as to the guilty party. He hopes To
work something out of what Mrs. Lam
bert heard last night.
LEADVILLE'S STRIKE LEADER.
Well Known in Political and Labor Cir-
clet on the Coast.
SPOKANE. Wash., Sept 24.— Ed Boyce,
under arrest at Leadville for connection
with the mining riots, is president of the
Northwest Miners' Union, with Head
quarters at Wallace, Idaho. During the
great strikes in the Cceur d'Alene mining
I camps, several years ago, Boyce w»3 one
of the leaders of the miners' union, and
has been regarded as their head and
leader ever since. He has been prominent
in politics in that State, and was in control
at the late Populist convention at Boise.
He has been mentioned' by some of the
laboring men for the Senate, but i 3 not re
garded as a serious candidate by leading
men of Idaho. He is said to have great
power in the miners' unions, and it is
even intimated that when he went to
Leadville he knew what was going to
happen.
MORE ISLAND CHANGES
Comn.ander tiymondt Detached and
Ordered to Sitka.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 24.— Commander
F. M. rjymonds, U. 8. N., was detached
from the ordnance department at Mare
Island this afternoon, and departed for
Sitka to assume charge of the United
States ship Pinta. The ordnance depart
ment for the present will be under charge
of Lieutenant Bostwick. It is not known
as yet who will be detailed as head of the
department. Commander Svmonds has
Droven himself a popular officer while at
nayv-yard, and on leaving the yard all
whistles on steamers in the bay were
blown In his honor.
POPULISTS STRIKE
AT THE JUNTA
Angry at Their "Turn
Down," They Suggest
Candidates.
TWO NAMED FOR MAYOR
Rogers Declining, Anderson or
Dimond Will Be the
Choice.
MANY NAMED FOR SUPERVISORS
Cator's Vigorous Speech Against a
Clause Exempting All bat
Bryanites. ■ .
The Populists met in convention at their
tent last night and held a meeting that at
times approached bedlam. The delegates
were augry at being "turned down" by
the Raineyites in their efforts for a fusion,
and meant to make a straight nomination.
A factional fight, however, prevented this,
and all that was done was to suggest men
for the various offices, on whom the com
mittee of investigation, which meets at
noon to-day, will report.
Following are the men suggested as can
didates:
Mayor— Dr. Jerome A. Anderson and Super
visor Joe Dimond. Supervisors— Twelfth Ward,
Adolph Sutro; Eleventh Ward, D. C. Todd, ki.
H. BaumelBter, James E. Britt; Tenth Ward,
Tom Howurd, F. J. Veiter; Ninth Ward. Ter
ence O'Brien, K. Gerken; Eighth Ward, C.
D. Cleveland, Frank Malloy; Seventh,
Ward, J. A. Johnson; Fourth Ward,
C. W. Pope; Third Ward, J. B. Mclntyre;
Second Ward, M. E. Kehriein; First
Ward, Stephen Sanguinetti, Treasurer-
Henry Doscher. Surveyor— John C. Bun
ner. Superintendent of Streets— James W.
Keay, D. A. McDonald. Superior Judges —
Frank H. Dunne, Robert Ferral, Horace W.
Philbrook. Joseph Leggett, J. C. B. Hebbard.
Police Judges— James A. Campbell. Charles T.
Conlan, Walter Gallagher, William J. Gavigan.
George W. Fox, J. A. Spinettl.
Taylor Rogers was the first man named
for Mayor ana was mentioned by Attor
ney Haskell. He declined the nomina
tion and ended by naming Anderson.
The meeting was called to order by a
reading of the report of the committee on
resolutions by Rogers, chairman. Its
principal recommenaations were:
That the Board of Supervisors shall, as a
Board of Equalization, so correct the assess
ments upon taxable property that the appor
tionment against the banks, millionaires and
corporations shall be to its full cash value as
directed by the constitution.
The fees of the City and County Surveyor
and shorthand reporters should be reduced.
Water rates should be reduced, pending the
submission of the question of public owner
ship, which should be submitted to the people
at the earliest possible moment.
Btreet railroads should be compelled to re
pair between track* as agreed upon.
We iavor the passage of a bill increasing the
powers and facilities of the State Bureau of
Highways.
The Legislature should declare the bicycle
to be baggage.
We favor the repaying of Market street wtth
a smooth and modern pavement; also the
lighting with electricity of Golden Gate Park
and the removal from our streets of unused
and abandoned rails of streetcar companies.
The conference committee reported to
the effect that as the Raineyites had not
seen fit to appoint a committee to confer
on fusion, the body proceed to nominate
its own men, candidates being only
Bryanists. It was carried|unanimously.
Cator made a speech against the exemp
tion clause in favor of judicial nominees,
and the clause was amended to include all
candidates.
The convention decided to get a picture
of Watson, to adorn the chairman's plat
iorm alongside of Bryan's picture.
It was noted that a joint committee of
the Populists of Marin and Contra Costa
counties met at 6 Sacramento street yes
terday and indorsed the nomination of C.
F. Montgomery as Senator from the
Eleventh Senatoral District.
The convention then "took a recess" till
8 p. m. Monday.
For Free Silver.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Sept. 24.— The free
silverites held an enthusiastic meeting
YEW TO-DAT.
Your Girl
Will be pleased to help you on with such a
choice overcoat as that. It's one of our $10
Tan Kerseys. We have cut the price to
$5.25 because we want to sell them out this
week. And we know we shall, for no such
coat was ever offered at any such price before.
The material and the workmanship are
first-class. We guarantee them to fit per-
fectly. They are cut in the latest style and
are altogether an elegant garment.
Come in and see the big white labor clothing factory where
these coats are made.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CQ.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
last evening at Pythian Hall, which was
preceded by a huge bonfire. General
Wagner, the speaker of the evening, pre
sented some weighty arguments in iavor
of the white metal. The bail was well
filled and the speaker brought forth much
applause. •
Police Voting Contest.
The voting contest ior the most popular
police captain is exciting much interest among
those who desire their favorite to secure the
gold watch offered by the Examiner to the
officer receiving the highest number of votes.
Tne voting coupons cost 10 cents apiece, and
the proceeds will go to the festival fund of the
Youths' Directory. Last evening the votes
were counted at Raphael's on Kearny street,
and they showed Captain John Spillane in the
lead, with the next highest about 400 behind.
The vote stood: Captain John Spillane, 1317;
Captain G. W. Wittman, 909; Captain A. J.
Dunleavy, 867: Captain James Gillen, 438;
Captain I. W. Ices, 333; Captain Henry S. Rob
inson, 65. The next count will bo held on
October 1, and the contest will close on Octo
ber 10.
• — * — •
Five Generations.
It may be mentioned as an extraordi
nary fact that there are now living five
generations of descendants, each the old
est in the female line, of Josiah Robinson
of Exeter, N. H. They are: Mrs. Eliza
D. Blake, a great-great-grand mother, who
resides at Manchester, a well-preserved
woman of nearlv9o; Mrs. Catherine G.
Hubbard of Cambridge, Mass., aged 62,
and a great-grandmother; Mrs. Grace A.
Elliott, grandmother, aged 38, of Man
chester; Mrs. Grace Corning of the same
city, and her little daughter, Grace M.,
aged 11 months.— Boston Herald.
SHE WILL BE A
SOLDIER'S BRIDE
Miss Alice McCrea and
Lieutenant John Joyce
to Wed.
SHE IS AN ARMY BELLE
The Groom a Popular Officer of
the Gallant Fifth Ar
tillery.
INSTRUCTOR AT WEST POINT.
The News of the Engagement Comes
With the Tidings of the Trans
fer of the Fifth.
Army circles and society at large as
well are more than usually interested in
the announcement of the engagement of
Miss Alice McCrea, only daughter of
Major McCrea, the gallant senior major of
the Fifth Artillery, and Lieutenant Joyce,
also of the Fifth. The engagement, to
gether with the news of the transfer of the
Fifth Artillery to New York, were the
main topics of conversation at the Presidio
yesterday.
The bride-to-be is a reigning belle in ex
clusive army circles. To her nature has
been more than lavish. Endowed with
rare personal beauty, she is gifted as an
artist, and possesses a contralto voice of
exquisite sweetness and rich quality.
Miss McCrea is a member of the Art
Student League of New York and the
Hopkins Art School of this City. Devoted
as she is to her art studies she has never
theless found time fur out-of-door amuse
ments, and is a graceful rider and swim
mer.
Lieutenant Joyce has recently been
transferred from the Presidio to West
Point, where he is an instructor in the
military academy of that post. He gradu
ated from West Point with high honors in
'93 and was immediately assigned to duty
at the Presidio. During his stay in this
City he was a general favorite with his
comrades, commanding officers and in
social circles.
The wedding of Miss McCrea and Lieu
tenant Joyce will probably not take place
until next June. It will be celebrated at
West Point, which, by the way, is the
birthplace of the charming bride, and
there the young couple will make their
future home.
fh b t w'M Tb 1 8 WOO*
lliC fflow of »BjCT&bB WAS
Happiness to C SSv®^ ■ specialists of
YOU. Dv It triA t\\A fom
* iii" me oiQ iaixi>
ous your ■Bf J jsß ttic stronK"
douv c&n do BwßiH po W8 r f v 1
rnsclc iluQ* SSHTIfI Titftliiß^
y ft n is ior EEtJ E3P HB m&d g It is
z^ &n* mo PMLJijE gQ 'powerful
fro 03 tHo JwroWn ra j? urSßlft h&rmloss it
xi lit- son IBBm* SmHuH is* You c&n.
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials.
The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has. been
Indorsed by the leading scientific men OX
Europe and" America. .
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge In twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitch ings of the eyes and other
carts. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system. It is as cheap as any other
remedy. --,i "•
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains In the back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments. '
Prematureness means lmpotenoy In the first j
stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stofeped in twenty
days by the use of Hudynn. Hiidyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars, and testimonials. ; .
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
«ore-pro<luclng germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-ro!ored spots, ulcers In mouth,
old sores and falling hair.. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure
Call or write for 30-day circulars. :
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts..
San Francisco. Cal.
I Philadelphia
I Shoe CO. No. 10 Third St.
M STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MERIT
BIG
CUT
IN
DOUGLAS
SHOES.
That high fence Interferes with onr trade. No
one can deny it. It hurts us, and we have to sell !
cnean to do business. . This week we . will sell
.Douglas' Boys' and Youths' Button or Lace Shoes
below cost. Almost Riving tnem away. Special
price $1. 60, reduced from %'i. Sizes' In Button
shoes from 11 to 6%; sizes In Lace Shoes from
11 to 4y . -
SPEClAL— Ladies' Don sol a Kid Oxfords, square
orpoluied toes and V-shaped patent leather tip*.
solid wearers, sizes 2y 3 to 6, reduced for thi* weeK
from 91.50 to 75c. Every pair guaranteed.
§3" Country orders solicited.
MO- Send for New illustrated Cauioso*.
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street. San Frmncisoo.'
*
DH. G-TTTT
HERB PHYSICIAN of the i (""Iffc
FLOWhRV KINGDOM. AWd Wk
HEISOrOKEATKMI- MSB BIA
JJ- nence and learning, SgB§S* * J '«Sa
paving long experience in Sp^"
the Imperial Hospitals of f I
China. He has ■ practiced I ■ f^ L
his profession in America f\ "*^ <•* M
for 10 years and cured t!\ou- W I ■
sands of. slclc and afflicted. : v «*JW 0
He guarantees a cure of all \ mL ■ /
diseases of men, women \ *^^^ /
and children where euro is Ar^_ Jf
possible. No matter if oth- "■** \<m »*\. '
era have failed to cure you V^|^^)^
try DR. GUY. Everybody
invited to call. Consulta- •'■^^■>»B^r
' ! &igg£,.£f';ar»i 1 ""^ "•■ »*•
J^Mss Belts for $30.
Hgjl' ''"^7^?^. Old-fashioned and poorly
Wlf a r*M' hJm'? iTTTIB made, can be had by pay-
ra(sjM[ljj^Efn«y^^ iug your money to elecirla
l s t^A*^Sß^^K > " belt -quaclM" and travel-
saSv*i^> " ing "fakers." For a first-
\ ■ <v?iT class article at a reasonable
*«stf price write or call for frea .
'piirarv * LV>*r ~rw C °P-V Of our new book. UK.
lis a .» _? 01^' 70 Sacramento at., cor. Kearny,
—cond. third aad fourth floors. San Francisco.
TRURn A laxative refreshing " for
I U In la X fruit lozenge.
■ ■■■IlPilla very agri-cable to take.
CONSTIPATION
. __ ■»■'■_>■ hemorrhoids, bile,
I M HI I C II loss of appetite, gastric and
EtU 11 I 1 IV intestinal troubles and
■ " ■■ ■ ■■ « headache arising
__ , from them.
flDll I fill c. laui.i.o.v,
|« X I 5 BI M 33 Rue d»-s Archives. Farts.
milL kUll Sold by all Druggists.
tfon BBtJi;
f«Sp>» BRASS BEDS.' t
<^ ffg& FOLDING BEDS
f Wire and Hair -Use
tresses, B cI i ni n :
«... Chair* Wheel Chain,
T ♦ "ft commodes. Back Re*: •
1 I v fniTtnf W. A. scgß °
P v n — 2i —
Vr I?" ~~^ St.. underbwoi
Hotel, H. t\
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMIANA BITTEKS. THE
O, great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Strength to the sexual Organs.WARMLY PRAISED
HIS LIFE WORK
Funeral of Rev. M. F. Col
burn of the Grace M.
E. Church.
THRONGS OF MOURNERS
Fraternal Societies and Church
Organizations Were
Present.
SEVERAL PREACHERS SPOKE.
He Fought the Good Fight, They Said,
and He Is Beyond the Reach
of Calumny.
A large concourse of mourners attended
the funeral services of the late pastor of
ihe Grace M. E. Church, Key. M. F. Col
burn, yesterday afternoon. Many Metho
dist clergymen were there.
A delegation from the Masonic board of
relief, Excelsior Lodge of Odd Fellows and
the members of the Boys' Brigade con
nected with the church occupied a body
of seats reserved for them. The entire
seating and standing capacity of the floor
and galleries of the auditorium was not
sufficient to accommodate all, and the
stairs from the floor to the galleries were
also crowded.
The front of the church was draped
somberly with black. The front of the
choir loft and the reading-uesk also bore
emblems of mourning. Near the casket
were many floral pieces, among which
were a large broken wheel from Excelsior
Lodge, I. O. O. F., Maltese crosses from
the Epworth League and King's Daugh
ters, a broken column from Emmanuel
Baptist Church, a chair bearing the words
"Home, bweet Home," a violet wreath
from the King's Daugjitersandan uDright
cross from the Boys' Brigade, with smaller
wreaths and other designs, among; them a
basket of white roses from the Methodist
church in San Diego of which Rev. Mr.
Coiburn was formerly the pabtor.
Rev. Dr. Coyle, presiding elder of the
district, directed the exercises, wnich
were opened with prayer by Rev. Dr.
Jewell. Rev. Dr. Heacock read a selec
tion from the Bible and tnen Rev. Dr.
Covle. Rev. Dr. Harris, the Japanese mis
sionary, I. J. Truman, Rev. Dr. McClish
and Rev. Dr. Dille spoke.
Rev. Dr. Coyle said that the memory of
the dead preacher will remain long after
his body has crumbled to dust and spoke
feelingly of his life and work in the
church.
I. J. Truman said that the dead pastor
had been highly beloved for his work. He
was a great friend to the Boys' Brigade of
the church and had entertained many
plans for its advancement and good. In
recent troubles Rev. Mr. Coiburn highly
appreciated the stand which Grace Churcn
toot. Grace Church never had any doubt
concerning its pastor. There was never a
truer man than he in every sense of the
word.
Rev. Dr. McClish said that he could not
think of Rev. Mr. Coiburn as dead. He
knew of the love of his congregation. Rev.
Dr. McClish spoke at length, alluding to
the education and culture of the preactier.
"His people loved him and his church
stood by him," said the speaker. "He has
won the crown of victory."
Dr. McClish said also: "He is where the
sound of the tongue of calumny cannot
reach him; where the pen of defamation
cannot make a mark on his white gar
ment."
Rev. Dr. Dille said the dead preacher
would be mourned in one thousand house
holds outside of San Francisco. Rev. Mr.
Coiburn, he said, fouirht the good fight.
The venomous shafts of slander and the
arrows of calumny fell, harmless, at his
feet. His deatn left a real vacancy in the
church. His ministry was crowned with
success.
The choir sang a hymn with organ
accompaniment and the mourners tnen
vassed by the open casket, first the Free
Masons, then the Odd Fellows and then
the members oi the various societies con
nected with the church and congregation.
The casket bore only the name of the dead
preacner, the date of his death, September
22, 1896, and his age, 44 years 6 months and
13 days.
The procession was in the following
order:
Masonic Board of relief, Excelsior Lodge.
I. O. O. F.. Boys' Brigade, official board of
(•race Churcn, " Ladies' Aid Society, King's
Daughters, Ladies' Aid Society of the Eighth
avenue M. K. Church of East Oakland, Ep
■\vorth League and Methodist clergy.
The societies all marched down Capp
street to Eighteenth and out to Guerrero.
The pallbearers were: Rev. Dr. F. D.
Bovard, Rev. Dr. E. R. Willis, Rev. P. K.
Baker, Rev. Dr. F. F. Jeweil, Rev. W. S.
I'rmy, Rev. Dr. Alfred Kummer, Rev. Dr.
Thomas Filben, Rev. John Btepnens; also
Mr. Pollack of the First M. E. Chur;h of
San Diego, J. W. Watson of the Eighth
avenue M. E. Church of East Oakland,
Benjimin Bryon and W. Oakley of Grace
M. K. Church, I. J. Truman and F. L.
Turpin of Excelsior Lodge I. O. O. F., C.
N. Wolfe and W. W\ I'ennycook. The
procession was long. The ceremonies at
Cyp:eis Lawn Cemetery were conducted
by tne Odd Fellows, and the Masonic
quartet sang a parting hymn.
STRICKEN WITH APOPLEXY.
Mrs. Laura Blair Found Unconscious in
a Bathtub.
Mrs. Laura Blair, a widow, living at 224
Capp street, went to the Crystal baths,
foot of Powell street, yesterday morning
and said she wanted to take a very warm
bath, as she was suffering from poison oak.
She was shown into one of the rooms
and about half an hour later one of the at
tendants was attracted by heavy breath
ing coming from her room. The door was
opened and she was found unconscious in
the bathtub. She bad taken the precau
tion to fasten the strap across the tub and
her bead was resting upon it, which kept
it out of the water and saved her from
drowning.
She was taken to the Receiving Hospi
tal in the ambulance and it was thought
she bad been seized with a stroke of apo
plexy. She regained consciousness for a
minutes last evening, but again lapsed
into her former state.
Complain Against the Captain.
The crew of the whaiing ves«el J. D. Peters
made complaint yesterday to United States
Commissioner Gwin to the effect that during
the recent voyage their captain had subjected
them to all manner of indignities. The princi
pal grievance, however, was in the prices
charged for the necessities of life. In some
instances the men say Captain Townsend
charged 25 cents lor clay pipe* that couid be
bought anywhere for 5 and 10 cents. Other
articles were also outrageously high. The
captain denies all this and say* that he treated
his men better than they deserved.
Because He Was iSmall.
Albert Ward, by his guardian, P. E. Allen,
ha»sued F. Lucchetti & Co. for $5000 dam
ages for personal Injuries. Ward in an under
sized individual, whose personal appearance
dldnotsulttheLucchettis when he went to
dine in their Davis-street restaurant in Feb
ruary las v In consequence an altercation fol
lowed, and floallv the quartet of proprietors
J lac ° a ard aDd ejected him lrom the
EXIT "DICK" WILLIAMS.
Vain Attempt or Attorney Collins to
Secure His Client's Release on
Kail.
Unless something not now down on the
programme occurs Dick Williamß, the ex-
Chinese inspector, will be in*°San Quentin
by 11 o'clock this morninc
Attorney George D. Collins made a good
fight for his client's liberty, even offering
a full confession implicating "others high
in power," but the plan would not work.
Williams wanted tirst his liberty and
then he would tell all he knew, but the
officers woutd not accept such conditions.
About 4 o'clock Mr. Collins visited Dis
trict Attorney Foote and asked his con
sent for bail, saying that Williams would
place documentary evidence in his posses
sion which would result in bringing about
the conviction of persons high in
authority.
"lam not making terms with convicts,"
answered the .District Attorney. "If Wil
liams has anything to offer the Govern
ment bring it here. The Government is
not seeking any testimony that is not vol
untary."
Finally it was agreed that Marshal
Baldwin should take Williams to the
place or places where the documentary
evidence was supposed to be, and then re
turn the prisoner to the County Jail; that
Mr. Collins would get the evidence from
Williams and submit it to Mr. Foote.
Thereupon the District Attorney, Assist
ant Attorney Schlessinger, Major Moore
and Mr. Cbanning clothed themselves
with patience and awaited developments.
The developments were long in coming,
for Williams declined to treat with the
D;strict Attorney. He said he would only
speak to Judge Morrow.
It was 8 o'clock when the conference ad
journed, the general impression being that
Wiliiams is not in possession of any in
criminating evidence, and that his pre
tended "confession" was a bluff to secure
bail, and then disappear.
CUPS FOB FIRE HORSES,
The Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company Gives a Fine
Trophy.
The Horse Show Association Also
G-'ts a Cup From J:seph
D. Grant.
The Horse Show Association is trying
to get a regular display of Fire Depart
ment horses for the third annual show in
December, and it is expected that two
silver cups, which have just bten added
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Cup and the Joseph D. Grant Cup.
to the prize list, will have the effect of
stirring up Fire Department ambition all
over the coast.
The Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany has just offered a handsome silver
cup for the best pair of Fire Department
horses, and Joseph D. Grant has offered a
fine silver cud for the best team of three
Fire Department horses.
Most of the cities on the Pacific Coast
will be requested by letter to compete,
and it is expected that a number of them
will respond, particularly the places
where tne citizens take a personal pride
in the efficiency of their Fire Department.
Eureka has a new department, which
has several times lately paraded to the
admiration of distinguished visitors;
Fresno has some Fire Department horses
which are the pride of the town, and it is
very likely that a pair of them will be
sent to the Horse Show; Sacramento is
almost sure to compete; so is Oakland.
Tacotna has a beautiful team of two
black horses and one white which are
almost promised, and other fire depart
ments have also implied that they will
compete.
In order to lessen the expense for fire
departments from a distance Chief Sulli
van has promised to lend all the appar
atus necessary for exhibiting visiting
horses with a fire engine, and the railroads
are transporting all the competing horses
at half rates.
Another exhibition that promises to be
a feature of the coming horse ?h »w is the
parade of delivery vans. Milk wagons,
laundry carts and all sorts of advertising
turnouts will be admitted, and it is ex
pected that the crush will be so great that
ail the carts will never be able to get into
the arena at the same time.
He Kelt Called and Went.
James L. Case, a young man well Known in
insurance and reliaioua circles and a broker
for several years with the local agency of tho
Royal Insurance Company, has resigned his
poiition and accepted a call to the ministry.
Mr. Case has been prominent In Sunday-school
work in San Francisco and secretary of the
Lay Association ot the Methodist conference
several years. He attended the recent confer
ence at Pacific (irove, and wa« more than ever
impressed with the call io the ministry, which,
he says, he had resisted several years. The
day after conference adjourned he conferred
with Rev. 8. G. Gale, the new presiding elder
of the Napa district, and the result waß that
he was offered and accepted the charge at
Guinda and Madisou, In Yolo County. He
preached there last Sunday the first time. He
is a son of Rev. Dr. W. W. Case, pastor of the
Howard-street Methodist Church.
How Three People Died.
Coroner Hawkins held three inquests yester
day, verdicts of accident being returned in the
erne of Donald Ross, who lost his life in the
Hobbs, Wall & Co. fire, and Simon Finn, who
wan crushed to death by a Geary-Ktreet car.
In the case of Mrß. £. L. Have*, the young
woman who swallowed carbolic acid at her
husband's bouse on the evening of September
15 a verdict of suicide while temporarilyiin
sane was rendered.
"Tim" Caffrey'* Will.
The will of Timothy Caffrey, who died Bep
temoer 22, leaving a $10,000 estate to Mary
Coyne, was yesterday filed for probate.
New Corporations.
The Golden Crest Mining Company was yes
terday Incorporated, as was the Pacific States
Life Assurance Company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FIUDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
THEIR TIME IS
ALMOST GONE
The Board of Health Noti
fies Hog-Ranchers
to Move.
NEW LIMITS CREATED.
Delay in Obeying tne Order Will
Lead to Condemnation
Proceedings.
GIVEN SIX MONTHS TO VACATF
Residents of Cutside Districts Will
Receive a Long-Awaited
Boon
The six months allowed the bog-ranchers
whese places are within the "present hog
limits by the Board of Supervisors in
which to find new locations and move to
them expire on Wednesday next, and no
tices were sent to them by the Board of
Health Wednesday that no further time
will be granted and that they must move
at once.
The fight against the ranchers was be
gun about a year ago, when the inhabi
tants of several districts where the swine
raisers were particularly abundant peti
tioned the Board of Health and Board of
Supervisors to have the limits so extended
as to prevent hog-raising within thickly
populated localities.
The Board of Health petitioned the
Board of Supervisors to pass an ordinance
removing the ranchers at once, but the
friends of the ranchers in the board, on
the plea that to hunt new locations and
move at once would be a great hardship,
prevented such action and the following
was passed :
Section 63, subdivision 1. Xo person or per
sons shall keep or cause to be kept any swine
whatsoever within that portion of the City
and County of Sau Francisco bounded as fol
lows: commencing «t the point where Fullou
street would, it projected westerly, meet the
waters ot the Pacific Ocean; thence easterly
along Fulton street to Stanyan street; thence
southerly along Stanyan street to Frederick
street; thence westerly alonjt Frederick street
to Firat avenue; thence southerly along First
avenue to Parnassus avenue (formerly Sulli
van street); thence easterly along Parnassus
avenue (formerly Sullivan street) to fstanyan
street; thence southerly along Stanyan street
to the point where Stanyan street, if projected
southerly, would connect with the intersection
of Stanyau avenue and Twenty-fifth street pro
jected westerly; thence westerly along Twenty
flfib street projected westerly to Fowler ave
nue; thence westerly along Fowler avenue to
the point where Fowler avenue, if projected
southerly, would connect with Meirose avenue;
thence westerly along Meirose avenue to Ham
burg streat; thence southerly along Hamburg
street to Spreckels avenue, thence easterly
along Sprecfcels avenue to Edna street, thence
southerly along Edna street to Havelock street,
thence easterly along Havelock street to San
Jose avenue, thence southwesterly along ban
Jose avenue to Onondaga avenue, thence east
erly along Onondaga avenue to Mission street,
thence southwesterly along Mission street to
Amazon avenue, thence southeasterly along
Amazon avenue to Munich street, thence
northeasterly along Munich street to France
avenue, tlience southeasterly along France
avenue to La Grande avenue, thence northerly
along La <,raude avenue to Dwight street,
thence northeanterly along Dwight street to
San Bruno avenue; thence southerly and fol
lowing along the line of San Bruno avenue to
the county line, thence easterly along the
county line to the waters of the bay, thence
along the waters of the bay to the Pacific
Ocean, thence along the waters of the Pacific
Ocean to the point of commencement; pro
vided, that this subdivision shall not go into
force or effect until the first day of October,
1806.
The notices that were sent to twenty
five or more ranchers yesterday we're
short and to the point, simply calling at
tention to the action of the Board of Su
pervisors and stating that unless the
order is complied with at once the ranches
will be condemned as nuisances and
treated as such.
The removal of the ranches will be a
great boon to the residents of several sec
tions, as they live in almost constant iear
ot an epidemic of diseases from the tilth
that accumulates wherever the .swine are
kept.
FRACTURED HIS SKULL.
Result of. a Row on Board the British
Ship Was dale.
William Mcßain, a sailor on the British
ship Wasdale, lying at Spear-street wharf,
was taken to the .Receiving Hospital last
evening suffering from a fractured skull.
Drs. Rinne and O'Brien performed the
operation of trephining the skull, but Mc-
Bnin is in a critical condition.
Mcßain and a colored sailor named
John Fleming had a quarrel in the fore
castle, and Mcßain, who is always ready
with bis fists, knocked Fleming down.
Fleming seized a capstan-bar and struck
Mcßain on the forehead with it, fracturing
his skull. Fleming also struck another
sailor on the shoulder with the bar, but
only slightly injured him.
Fleming was arrested and charged at
the Harbor police station with assault to
murder.
» * »
Why She Broke the Glass.
Christina Harrington was arrested yesterday
afternoon and taken to the Southern station,
where she was charged with disturbing the
peace and malicious mischief. She went to
the office of Attorney Thomas C. Curran yester
day afternoon and charged him with neglect
insr her interests. Ho ordered her out of the
office, but she refused to go, and be sent for
Policeman Flynu. Miss Harrington raised a
disturbance and broke the glass In the office
door as the policeman was taking her away.
She said she had done nothing to be arrested
for, and broke t lie glass so that they would
have something to charge her with.
SENATE AND ASSEMBLY
The Twenty-Third Senatorial and the
Thirty- First and Thirty-Ninth As
sembly Districts Nominate.
The delegates to the Twenty-third Sena
torial District met last evening and nomi
nated Michael J. Welch for Senator.
Charles H. Clare presided. There was
only one nomination. The nominating
speech was made by C. H. Fairall. The
nominee appeared before the convention
and spoke briefly. He said that he had
always been an active Republican worker,
and that he would continue to be such,
and that he would work for the ticket.
At the close of the Senatorial conven
tion the two Assembly districts, which
make up the Senatorial District, the
Thirty-hrst and Thirty-ninth districts,
met to name Asseinolymen.
C. H. Fairall presided over the Thirty
ninth District convention, which nomi
nated Leon E. Jones.
The Thirty-first District convention was
presided over by C. H. Clare. Timoihy J.
Sullivan was nominated on motion of P.
H. Kerrigan. The name of Morris P. Mc-
Donald was also named, but Sullivan re
ceived the majority of the votes and the
nomination was made unanimous.
The Forty-third Assembly District con
vention nominated Fred Lundqiioist for
Assemblyman, and named M. J. Flynn
and P. J. Walsh as members of the County
Committee. John Fogarty presided.
PANHANDLERS PLEASED.
The Street Committee Will Improve
Oik and Stanyan Streets.
The Street Committee of the Board of
Supervisors has agreed to recommend
that $30,000 be expended in improving Oak
and Stanyan streets.
Dr. Salfaeld, in a few pointed remarks,
convinced the committee of the immediate
necessity of the work and the request for
an appropriation was unanimously
granted. Secretary Russell was instructed
to communicate witn the Superintendent
of Streets and order the work done at once.
McENERNEY'S NEW POINT
Finds an Old Law Which May
Mean Much cr Mean
Nothing.
The County Government Act Says
Officials Must Pay All Ex
penses.
If Garret McEnerney is right then some
of the extra two-year office-holders will be
bankrupt long before the end of their term.
The able young attorney finds authority
for this opinion in section 163 of the coun
ty government act, which reads as follows:
In counties of the tirst class the officers snail
receive as compensation for the services re
quired of them by law, or by virtue of their
office, the salaries fixed by law.
becilon 210 of the saraeact (Statutes of 1893,
page 507} reads as follows:
"The salaries and ft.es provided in this act
shall be In full compensation for all services of
every kind and description rendered by the
officers therein named, either as officers or ex
offic'o officers, their deputies and assistants,
onlesaln ilns act otherwise provided; and all
deputies employed snail be paid by their prin
cipals out M the salaries hereinbefore pro
vided, unless lv this act otherwise provided."
The salaries fixed by law in case of the
offices affected by the recent decision of
the Supreme Court are: Coroner $4000,
County Clerk fiOOO, District Attorney
IoOUO, Public Adraini.-trator fees. Recorder
$4000, Sheriff $3000. Unless the Supreme
Court reverses its own decision these offi
cials will be in somewhat of a fix, because
the law says all deputies "shall be paid by
their principals out of the salaries herein
before provided." The reference ''herein
before" is presumed to mean "salaries
fixed by law."
As the decision of the Supreme Court
puts the act in operation immediately, it
is not clear at present how some of the
officials will get around paying this
mouth's salary to their deputies.
The point in regard to salaries is to be
used in the Supreme Court by Mr. Mc-
Enerney and those attackiug the four-year
term. By the disclosure of the point it
seems to compel the men who have been
congratulating themselves on getting a
four-year term, to aid the two-year men in
having the decision set aside.
THE CHARTER DISCUSSED.
Teacher* Hear Addresses on It at the
Girls' High School.
A circular was issued Wednesday and
Thursday by a committee of teachers in
this City's schools, characterizing the new
charter as a vicious attempt to do away
with the tenure of office of teachers, and
virtually establishing a board of inspec
tion over them. This legislation, the cir
cular states, was conceived by an ex-
School Director, who during his term of
office was notorious for his efforts to
hamper teachers, and subject them to the
arbitrary control of the board.
The Merchants' Association, in order to
explain away what they considered mis
conceptions, called a meeting of the
teachers for 4 p. M. yesterday at the Girls'
HiKh School. James D. Phelan, Attorney
Edward R. Taylor, F. W. Donrmann and
Henry L. Clement made lengthy addresses,
which were responded to by Principal
O'Connor of the Horace Mann Grammar
School, Albert Lyser of the John Swett
Grammar School and Cecil Mark cf the
Everett Grammar. The latter two teacheis
favored the new charter. O'Connor pro
fessed himself satisfied with the explan
ation of several doubtful points, but raised
others.
All who spoke for the charter believed
that the general laws held within bounds
the cause for which teachers could be dis
missed and promised amendments to the
most objectionable features. The meeting
was made very lively by the pointed ques
tions of several teachers and the frequent
slings they took at the present Board of
Supervisors.
Attorney Taylor pleaded with the teach
ers not to permit some small, insignificant
clause to cause them to work against a
much needed charter. Dohrmann closed
the meeting with a rather lengthy but
cogent speech, frequently eliciting ap
plause. He said politicians could be over
come, and so conld all puerile objections
but if the mass of intelligent schoolteach
ers fought the charter it would be
doomed.
FOX-TERRIER COURSING.
Inauguration of a Popular English Sport
at th« Presidio Athletic Grounds
Next Sunday.
The fox-terrier folk intend having a bit
of coursing next Sunday afternoon at the
Presidio Athletic Grounds. The proceed
ings will commence at 2 o'clock, and
among the dogs to run will be several of
the highest-bred fox terriers of the City.
Msssrs. Acton & Stiatton have the
affair in -charge, and promise an enter
tainment both interesting and novel. -
Local sportsmen anticipate that the
diversion will soon become very popular
and Sunday's inauguration of the matches
is being awaited with much interest.
Karl of Vandervelde Here,
The Earl of Vandervelde of Holland, accom
panied by his brother, a colonel In the army,
.s among the arrivals at the OccldentaL The
Earl was for lonr years stationed in Sumatra
as commanderof a Dutch warship. They fiave
been absent from Holland about six months
ou a tour of the world. They had hoped to do
ome bunting in the Orient, but for most of
the time the weather was unpropitious. They
may be on the coast for some time.
BRAY'S HEAD IN DANGER
Sold a Transportation Order on
the Southern Pacific
Company.
Aa Innocent M;n Arrested on a
Charge of Forgery, and a Pen
sicner Implicated.
C. E. Bray, the local general ag«snt of
the Chicago and Northwestern Railroad,
is speeding to Chicago in an endeavor to
save his official head from decapitation.
The offense charged against him is the
unpardonable sin among railroad passen
ger and ticket agents. He is said to have
sold transportation to a scalper with a
full knowledge that the rules and regula
tions governing passenger and ticket
agents was being violated thereby.
The scurrying of Bray to Chicago, the
headquarters cf the road he represents in
this City, is the sensational sequel to the
story of the arrest, trial and acquittal of
G. H. Lawrence on a charge of having
forged a transportation order on the
Southern Pacific.
About two weeks ago or more Parker
Bray, a pensioner of the United States
and the father of C. E. Bray, started for
Washington, V. C, and white there wrote
to Colonel Lee, quartermaster of this de
partment, with headquarters in this City,
for transportation to Chicago and return,
stating that the trip was for the purpose
of procuring a wooden leg. The applica
tion was made through his son, C. E.
Bray, who eventually secured from Colonel
Lee an order on the Southern Pacific
Company for the transportation desired.
It is this order which Bray is now ac
cused of having sold to Conklin & Co., a
firm of ticket-scalpers, and he is said to
have pocketed the proceeds, to be kept in
trust for his father.
When Lawrence was on trial charged
with having forged the name of Parker
Bray«to the order which procured him
transportation to Chicago C. E. Bray was
put on the stand, and when asked if he
had not disposed of the order to Conklin
& Co. he declined to answer on the ground
that it would tend to criminate him.
This led to an investigation of the mat
ter by the Southern Pacific Company with
the object of securing the punishment of
the offender against the rules and regula
tions of the Passenger Association and
they claim to have traced the offense to
tue door of Bray tils.
Anticipating the future, C. E. Bray toot
the 6 o'clock train on Wednesday evening
for Chicago, with the intention of trying
to "square" himself with his superiors.
The matter is one in which every rail
road is deeply interested, as by the alleged
action of Bray the railroads are deprived
of the revenue that would have been
created by Lawrence s purchase of a ticket
had he not been able to buy the Bray
transportation order, and Bray's action is
also viewed as a gross violation of the
rules of the Oakland and San Francisco
Passenger Association. If Bray is notdis
charged by his employers he will be tried
by his local colleagues and the severest
possible penalty imposed if he is convicted.
it is not unlikely that Parker Bray will
also become involved in trouble with the
War Department for his part in the affair.
The horse chestnut indicates luxury.
This is thought to be on account of the
size of its burrs.
NEW TO-DAT.
IN OLDEN TIMES
MEN WERE WHAT THEY- SEEMED*
strong, vigorous specious of physical
manhood. To-<fay— a pity!— the man
looks a giant in flesh and whom you would
take for a Hercules in strength Is weak, im-
potent as far as vital power is concerned. Men
In olden time* did not abuse the laws of natnrs
by excesses as they do now.
Nothing is so kind as nature. Though hei
laws be abused and. the consequences visited
upon the sinner in the form of physical weak-
ness, yet she supplies a cure which never fails-
electricity. Applied to the weakened organs by
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
It cures In two months.
The Improvement Is Wonderful !
Marysvtlle, Cal., Sept 14. 1396.
. Dr. A. T. Sanden— Dear Sir : I feel it my
duty to let you know that your Belt has done
for me all you recommended it would do, and
I feel that I cannot recommend it too highly.
I suffered fir years with nervousness and loss
of sleep. I have only worn the Belt one month
and the improvement is wonderful. Most
respectfully yours, . -■- M. J. GORMAN.
. i Care Golden Eagle Hotel.
• Simple I It amounts simply to this: It re-
news vitality, and must, and does, restore man-
hood. All about it in "Three Classes of Men,*
the small book Dr. Sanuen gives free.
.. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Franolsoo,
Opposite Palace Hotel. -\ Offioo hours: a a. v. . i
b:3U p. m.: Sundays, 10 to 1.
' Consultation Free and Invit 'd.
OFFICES AT:
IX)S ANQEIiKS, CA-U ! PORTLAND, OR,
aO4 Sontb Broadway. I 23H Washington atra st
RAILROAD TRAVELJ ~™~
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD I
(Via Sansalito Ferry). '
from San Francisco, commencing Sept. 13, 1893.
(' WEEKDAYS.
for Mill Valley and Ban Kaiael— *7:2s, *9:15.
11:UO A. *.: »1:45, 8:45, *6:15, »j :45, «J:3O p.m.
Extra trips tor San Bafael on Monday ■ Wednes-
days and Saturdays at 11 :S0 p. m.
wattti&tßßfKg't bond AYa|9nPPHH
For Mill Valley »nd San Bafael-*8:00, •10:00
•11:80 a. m. : «l : a0. 3:00, *4:30. 6:15 F. k.
Trains marked • run to Man Uuentiu. " ■
THKOUOH TRAIKB. "
For Point Reyes and way stations— a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. v. bundays, 1:46 p. M. Satur-
days.' • • <■ •■• ; ::•..:- ■ ■ •: ■ ■> . ■ :- i ,
l or Cazadero and wav stations— 7 :2s a. X. week-
days: 1:46 F. M. Saturdays. * r : . • ■
MOM TAJIALPAIS.
Trains connect with North Pacific
Coast Kallroad. ,. . : . . "-• ;. . .
WEEK DAYS— Leaves. F. 9:15 a. it 1:45 r. x.
Returning— Arrive S. F. 3:25 p. M. . 6:30 P. K.
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. 8 a. »t 11:30 a.ic 1:30 p.m.
Returning— Arrive S.F.I :16 p.m. 4:20 p.m. 7:35 p.m.
, Tlcicets (or sale Us Jill! Valley or .-
- i THO*. COOK & SONS, 621 Market St.", 8. F.
AUU Valley and Mount Tamalpala Sc«al« Kali way.
MEW TO-DAT.
2nd day
OF THE 810 SALE
Now remember what I said
about these goods though I
bought them at auction they are
not second-hand auction stuffs.
Not a bit damaged by smoke or
water. A better stock of cloth-
ingdeesn't lay in any store in the
city. Money cheerfully given
back to any one dissatisfied.
All wool. All wool. Do you
know the difference between all
wool and all wool ? One is made
of old rags — the cuttings from
, -■ tailors' tables which are ground
up together. This ffe shoddy
wool — the ordinary "all wool" of
the cheap suits now being adver-
tised. The other all wool is spe- '
cially weaved — the threads run-
ning straight through. This lat-
t er, the genuine all wool, is what
we offer you to-day made up in
4\kmm mm f± dark blue Cheviot Suits, color gt^mm PA
\Y V\\ guaranteed.with French front,for y£g~ Kf
wf IJU Seven dollars and fifty cents. era f -|J
Box Overcoats, very latest fad,
. genuine Covert cloth, satin
sleeve linings — $5.50.
A few more of those S5-cent
Trousers left. Also some more
$4 Overcoats waiting for you.
THE CLOTHIER.
712-714 MARKET ST.,
NEXT DOOR TO "CALL" OFFICE.
REDUCTION IN /T\ x x
Clearance Sale. V*Vw AVwV\\ r*V^
1890 qtgg&gr' $65.00. *N2^>v§L v
» - Preparlnor. for Next Season.
'■■jigZrfFikfo 1896 MEMS $99.00.
ffWffl V; jg*O 50. 1 IDEALS $40.00.
WW\i2 i-MM m - 2, 4 and 5 IDEALS, $89.00.
"^wifeig^^^s^Bif— ir T^rw^-r^^E^ssair»- AM New. Guaranteed One Y»ar.
GEO. A. FAULKNER, Oakland Agent, cor. Twelfth and "Webster Sts.
| RAILROAD TRAVEL. ' [_, L -
-& F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And E very Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave from S. P. Ca's Ferry Landing, foot of
Market .st., at 8:00 p. it
nnrnill ) Am Including Berth,
OrcblALf VIU Tourist Sieeiw.
niTf-O C X«n First-clasa. Incladln*
RATES' $19 Be Si h e^ aard
For farther Information . apply at 618 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket oUice), 8. F.
KK'H.ABD OKAY, T. H. OOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. _ Gen. Pass. Agt.
SAPRMCISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
" Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael. '
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12-3}
3:80, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 P. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:sj
• and 11:30 p.m. - - - . .
SUNDAYS— 7:30. 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to S»u Francisco.
j WEEK DAYB-8-.15, 7:50. 9:10, 11:10 A. m.-
-1 2:45. 3 AO, 5 :10 P. v. Saturdays-Extra tripi
' at 1 :55 p. m. and 6,:85 p. m. ' . *
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:oo, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4 a
D.-00, 6:25 p.m. •
i Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Park sam«
schedule as above.
~ i^ave i -_ lt m B - t Arrive
Ran Francisco. A pr"^f Ban Francisco.
■Wkkkl SOS- i iieslwion. St'N- I Whisk
•Days. I pats. H><*tiaation. PAYS- . | p AY s.
7:SOam]7:SO am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 I'M 9:80 am Petalnmo, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm l Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
' Fulton, -t ■
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Ftealdsbun;,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~ j l'leta, ~ ~~~
7:30 am Houland A 10:10 am
8:80 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
'-'Dak 10:10 am
7:30 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
:30 pm . ' 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and ■
5:10 pm ' 5:00 PM Gl(>n Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7:80 am I HebtstoDoi |10:40 am 110:10 am
3:80 pm| 6 :oo pm [ HCDaatopoU j 6:05 pm! 6:15 pm
tHaces connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and uikeport; at
Bopland for Lakeport'and Bartiett Springs; at
Ukiah lor Vichy springs, Saratoga Springs, Btuo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Late, l'omo, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
i nells, "Sanhedrln Heights, Hullviiip. Iloonevllle,
j Ureeuvrood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City'
Fort Bragg, Westport; TJsal, Willets, Canto, Co-
veto, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduce!
rates. --.--■■. - .:..-..;- ■_■■.■
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Bafael at half rates. '
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle buildlne.
H. C. WHITING; ; . .'. K. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manager. Pen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic 4Kraar%
Pcicific j^^^^^k
RAILROAD
Trains leave and arrive *i jRfSBSfc
Market-Street Terry. : .
SASTA FEIXPRESS. Jilli
To Chicago via A. & P.^£S&§K?O>JT : >^
Direct Line »SfS«3fir^£-"-"35i-gJ
Leavts evtry day. at 5 p. m., carryms- Pullman
Palace Drawing-room -Sleepers, also Modern Up-
holster*} Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and In charge of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. . Annex can
! for Denver and Sl Louis. . . -~;
Persona ; conducted Boston Excursions Tla
Kansas City, Chicago, Montreal and the Whit*
Mountains leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from: California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery:
and good meals In Harvey's dining-rooms. .
.-I San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle Building. Telephone Main
1031. Oakland, liiaUjojMiwjwr,
KABLROAP TRAVELS ,1 . _
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
■i - (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Train* leave itutl are <lti« to nrrlvs at
NAM FKANOMI'O.
lkave — FnoM September 24, 1896. — akriv
•O:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic I'xprcas, UgJcu aud Ka3t.. 8:43*
7:00 a. Benicia, VacaviUe, Ruir.sey. Sacra- C
mento, OroTille and Betiding via
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Jfai>6, Calis- ■
toga and Santa liosa *:13p
8:30 a Kilcii, Sau Jorp, •Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and lted
Blnff 4:l»p
»8:30 a Peters and Milton »7:13F
S:OUa New Orleans Fresno, Bakers-
field, Santa ilnrljftra.Lns Angeles,
Pemiug, El Paso, New Orleans and ■
• ■Cast 4:4»*
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:4Sa
: O:OOAVallejo O:13p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Li?ermore 8:43 a
•1:OOp Sacramento River Ktoanicrs «OiOOp
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f*«4Sp
4:Uoi> Martinez, San ltawou. Vallojo,
\ Nnpa, Caliatoga, V.I Verauo and
- ' \ ' Baiitaltcsa... 15a
4 :»*p Benicia, VacaviUe, Espwto, Wood-
- land. Knights Landing. Marja-
Tille, Oruviilo and Sacramento. . . . Io:€3a
- 4:30p Miles, San Jose, Livermoro and
Stockton , 7il3p
4:30p Merced, JGcrenda, Kaymond (for
Yosemitc) end Fresno, via Ntles . . 11 :43a
ot6op LO3 Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and Los Angeles 10:13 a
- S:OOr Snuta l-'o Kotite, Atlantic Express
for Mojave and East 10:15 a
8:00p Vallejo 11:43*.
6:0« - European Mail, Ogtlcn and Kaat.... !>:43a.
«:OOpllaywauls, Kiknaiid Han .rose 7:13 a
}7:OOp Vallejo t7:45p
7:OOp Ore(fonlsxpresß, Sacramento, MarjTß- .
Tillc, ' I'oiUling, Portland, ' I'iiaet
Hound l^ist : I1:1«A
SANTA <!KtlZ l)lV^^M^^i (Narrow tinner).
}7:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, >^anta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations 18:05p
8:13 a Nmvark.CotiLctvillo.Siin.loso.Fclton,
BouUler Creek,SauUCruz and Way
. Stations 3is»p
- ♦2ilsp Newark, Contcrvillc, San Jose, New
, . ;■ Almadcn, I'd ton, DoulJcr Creek,
•SauU Cnwand Principal Way
Stations..... »I1:«0a
4:13 - Newark. Han ,li«o end l,on (iatos.... S:3Oa
COAST IH VISION (Iliinl .V 'iownscml Sis.)
•6:45 a Man .Jo.so i'.i:U Wf.y rjtaliom (New i
Almaden Wcdneaday3 only) 0:47 a
J7:»*ABunday Excursion for San Jose.
i-Jsnta Cruz, Paciiio Grove, and
- Principal Way Stations tB*33>
•■l3a San .lose, Trcs Pinos, Kanta Cruz,
Pacllic Grove, Paso Rubles, San
. Jxl.l Obispo, Onadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 7:03p
10:47 a. Palo Alto and Way Stations f!«3op
IO:1OA Man .lose ami Way Stations 3:00p
11:30 a Palo Alto an.l Way Stations 3:30p
•2:3Oi> San Maton, Mcnlo Park. Han Jose,
Gilrcy, Trea Pinos, Sautiv Cntz,
' '. Balln3S,Montercyn»)dracilicGrovo "lt>:4»A
•3::rttpSan Joso, Pacific Grove and Way • • •
Stations *l:30p
•4:30p San Joso ami Way Stations *S:O0a
Q:3Op San Joso and Principal Way Stations •8:48 a
O:UOi» San Jose and Way Stations 0:33 a
111 :48 p Hatt .Ireland Wav Stations 17:43
' bAM LKAiSiUCO AM) HAYWAttUS LO<AL.
t*O:OOA 1 ~~ ( 7:15 a
8:00 a \ tO:43A
jgjSg* Xelr«e, Seminary Park, \?£t
n SiBor Fiteaburg,S«nL auiro C»f[|g;
8:00r and i 4:45r
»:oOp I C:-*3p
ZX «.rw»r«. ,-■ Ojjgj
7:00p . I 8:45 p
O:OOp » Kara f.-.rough to Nfles. " 1 10:30p
ftll:lspj { From Ntleg - ' I fHa;OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From S4K PRASCISCO— of Market Strut (Slip 8)— • ,
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:00 v . *2:30 }3:M
•1:00 ©;j8:D0 *6:CQp.m. ./%
rronOAKUHD— Foot of Bro»dw«y.— ?* r »6:00 . 8.-09
- 10:00 a.m. U2-.00: *l:00 - • 12:00 *3:0» 14:00
, •S:OQr.M. :-)''■■-:■'■ .■ >■: ■-■■■■.:■■■■■'•■....;
. A for Morning. . P or Afternoon l
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
him i > t ■auiitK^t % Sundays only. ausa(WßBw*V^tf!
it Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
y^^B£^a2*'*M Bls Pls a non-poisonnns
<^^W^^^MS^ medy , tl)r Gonorrhoea.
v^PruDltE&^l Gleet, Spermatorrhoea!
-Bw'° ltoi i»y«.^B Whitug, unnatural dis-
Jff Qn»rtnu«l V charges, or any inflamma-
i*l not to "trictarc. "* tion, irritation or ulcera-
2^4?nnau eont»sloa. tion of mucous mom-
T»"»ITH£EVANS CHEMICUCO. Oranes. Non-astringent.
%gM.c;jiCiNNATi,o ■ | Sold b * *>"»»r*istr, I
Xg^^ C S. A.- 3KfT? r Bent In plain wrapper.
lllil/TP &7r r Tbo?t7%#
Mi Circular sent or. ft .toast*
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
tl'Sl.UAKx' OF THIS MAiilk.iiTa.
Mexican Dollars higher.
Silver continues to Improve.
Wheat still higher and active.
Bright Feed Barley nrm.
Kye doing better.
Oats and Corn dull.
F.our firm Feedstuff* unchanged.
Beans as before.
Lighter receipts of Hay.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables as before.
Butter no lower. Eggs Quieter.
Poultry steady.
Peaches weaker. Melons lower.
Dried Prunes somewhat higher.
Grapes easy. Wine Grapes steady.
Provisions nnrhauged.
Hides very dull.
Linseed Oil advanced.
ripi»n»rion.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures 1
at station indicate maximum t«>mperatur» for the
days; those underneath it. If any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
tines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is ii.iUk.Hy accomuanled by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and ■ rains.
••Lows" us ally first appear on the Washington
rmant vv h n the pressure is high in the Interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable; I
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of On-non is Improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmef
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition!
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHtK BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of aobictji^
TUBE, WEATHEB BrEEAU, SaN FbANCISCO, Sept.
24, 1896, 5 P. Weather conditions and general
forecast: _
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations n California to-day:
Eureka 68. Red B'.uff 80, San Francisco 71,
Fresno 82. -an Luis obispo 90, Los Angeles 80,
San Diego 76, Yuma 94
-an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 71,
minimum 52, mean 62. ■
An area of high pressure is central to-nicb: over
the northern half of the Pacific Slope. The pres
sure has risen ra .:dly over Montana. Idaho and
Washington. It has also risen over Utah.
The temperature has risen about 8 degrees over
Nevada and California. It has fallen slightly over
Washington.
Lain has fallen in North Dakota and in Montana.
There has been no rain on the Pacific Slope, al
though cloudy weather prevails over the northern
per. ion of it.
Conditions are favorab'e for fair warmer
weather Friday and Friday night over the Pacific
Slop*-.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, September 25, 1896:
Northern California — Friday; warmer in
northern portion; fre h northwesterly winds: fog
on the coast Friday morning.
southern California— Fair Friday; light west
erly winds; fog on the coast.
Nevada— Fair Friday.
Utah— Fair Friday.
Arizona — Fair Frirday.
sa'i Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday; fresh
northwesterly winds; fog in the morning.
ALEXANDER G. MC A DIB.
Local Forecast Official.
NliW YOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept 24.— Stocks were
less active to-day, the sales footing up 190,064
shares, against 221,000 yesterday, but the tone of
the market was firm throughout. The strength of
prices was a surprise to the average operator, in
view of the advance of the rate of discount by the
Bank of England to 3 per cent and the poor show
ing of the St. Paul road for the third week of Sep
tember. Certain traders sold on the idea .that the
developments referred to would lead toliqu.da
tlons. but, instead of selling, commission-houses
were buyers of the standard issues. Money on
time also worked easier, transactions being re
ported a: 6 per cent for three to four months.
Additional purchases of cold in London for ship
ment to the United States had a strengthening In
jjuence on the share market. On the other hand
sterling exchange was a shade firmer owing to
in ■• raise in money rates abroad, and In some
quarters it was thought that this would check the
flow of cold this way. The notably strong stocks
were Chicago Gas, the grangers, Manhattan,
Louisville and Nasnville, Tobacco and Western
Union. Manhattan was benefited by reports of
better earnings, and Chicago Gas by purchases
said to be for inside account, sugar was feverish
throughout and ranged between 110%<3>112y 8 ,
closing 8t 1111/2. The reports that the Mollen
hauer Refining Company had Increased its capital
stock coi not b<s confirmed.
This rumor bad a good deal to do with the break
In the stock yes.erday. > peculation closed steady
to firm. Net changes in the usually active list
bhow gains of 14 to 1% per cent outside of Read
ing, which lost % per cent. In the specialties
Minnesota Iron rose 4 to 55; Michigan Central 2
to 92, and Metropolitan Traction 2>A to 91V 2 ;
New England brought 45 against 35 the last
previously reported sale at the Stock Exchange.
Bonds were strong. Total sales, $1,288,000.
Hocking Valley consolidated fives rose 114 to 83;
Iron Mountain general fives, Ito 72: Peorla, De
catur »nd Evansville firsts, lVa to 100; Richmond
and Danville conso.idated sixes, 114 to 117;
Southern Railway consols fives, 13/ a to 85%, and
Western Pacific firsts, 2 to 100.
In Government bonds $5000 coupon fours of
1925 brought 116 Vi and $1000 coupon fives 111
< rain.
FLOUR — Qoiet; firm. Winter wheat, "low
grades, $1 70<&2 55; do, fair to fancy, $_• 40<* 3 40:
do, patents, $•- 60@3 80: Minnesota clear*, $"2 30iqj
2 9": do, pateuis, $3 25®4 35; low extras, $1 70@
2 55: cl.y mills, $3 lb(qi'A 90: do, patents, 94 lv
@4 25; rye mixtures, $2 60@3 10; superfine, $1 65
@2 10; fine, $1 40@2 00. ltye flour, dull; steady;
$2 25@2 76.
COM. \ ME L — Quiet; steady. Yellow West
ern, 91 95@2.
KYK— More active: firm. No. 1 Western, 43c.
BARLEY— Firm; 3l^c.
WHEAT— Spot market dull, firmer, with op
tions; 1.0. b. 74i.4@7-l%c: ungraded red, 636675 -
No. 1 Northern, 71-Vi@i.34c.
'ptions were active, and excited, advancing
lV2@l^ic on continued foreign ing, decidedly
higher cables, better West and loca, covering; de
cliued 11/ig.lVat-- on free realizing and . weaker
West, rallied Va dj%c on covering, closing firm ■ at
•%@%c over yesterday. December and May most
acuvc. May closed 74% c; .-eptember, 69% c;
Ocwiber, til"/ c: November, 7oy 8 c; December,
71% c.
CultN — Spot more active, stronger. No. 2,
27l^fcc ■ elevator: 28V8C afloat.
• ptlons aavanced y2@6/jiC on firmer cables, bet
ter West and local covering, fell »/a® Vie with
wheat, closing steady at unchanged prices to Vie
advance with a fair trade. December aud May
most active. .-September closed 27y 8 o; October
•.7%c: uecember, 28V2 C : May. 30%g.
OaTS— Spot more active, strong.
Option^ dull, firm. September, 21c; October
. Sic; December, 22c. .
?pot prices: No. 2, 20% c; So. 2 white
24%c;-No. 2 Chicago, 21% c; No. 8, 19c: No.
3 white, 31 %c; mixed Western, 19©21%c
-white do, sJO@^9c. . WB^W!.
<roviiiinn«.
LA n— Firmer: Western steam, $4 171*,.
city, $3 70; September. 94 15, nominal* re
fined moderately active; continent, *4 45; tsonm
Amfiican, $<< 75: tout pound, :^i@lc. ■
l'OKK— Quiet, firm; n»\v mess, *7 75®8 50.
■ 'II 1- — i hoice firmer; cood demand"; Western
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
wrifctiLoCK & CO.,
4 LeidesdorfT St.. Tel. Main 1954.
branch orwtam
6!!3 Market Ht., I'alace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
I'tRDY Jfc ATKINSON Manager*.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National Bank, H> F.
CHJCAUO. PRIVAXJi WXKJL NKW YOEK.
dairy. 7 1 /3 ( a>lsc: do creamery. ll@liy 2 c: Elglns.
15V2<*- imitation creamery, 9@llc. '
CHEESE— Easier: part skims. 3@6c. i
ia;GP— Firmer; Western, fresh, lt>@l7%c; do »
case. 92 1004.
TALLOW— Firm, wanted, ai^c asked: country,
33/g@3v*c ■-■■;• .
COTTONSEED Steady: better demand;
crude. 21c; yellow, prime, 23y 2 @24c
RICE— Fair demand, firm: uuunauged; domes
tic, 5@5%c: Japan, 4@ii/.».c.
MOLASSES— air demand, unchanged, firm;
New Orleans, 27@»7c.
COFFEE— lnactive, 5(316 'points np; October,
$9 40; December, 98 85: January. 98 95: May,
*8 96. Spot Kio.uuli. stead y: No. 7, 103/»
»LGAK— Quiet, steady; off A. 4 7-16@4y a C:
mold A, sc; standard A, 4%c; confeo. loners' A.
I'VsC; cut loaf and crushed, 53/sc; powdered, 6c;
gianulated. 4%c; cubes, c.
l-i alt mill I'roriucn.
APRICOTS— Bags, BVi@loc.
P*. ACHES— Pe.eied. italic: unpeeled, 6@Bc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, new, sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown, . oose Muscatel. 4fi^4^c:
do three-crown/ ftUg'jUic: do 'our-crown, 6c; Lon
don layers, $1(<«1 IS: do clusters. $1 25@1 40.
ALMONDS— Softshell. 9^c; paper sh-11, 12»4c
WaL> Ul S— I, 7c; do soft shell, B%c.
Hups- Quiet, easy. I'acitic con:. 6jtBV^c.
WOOL— Moderate demand; steady. Domestic
fleece, J,t>;s^3e; uiieu. it>(u..ilc; 'lexaa, 7tfl2^.
.M<Tc!)Hiiiti«».
PIG IRON— Fairly active, American, «10 25a
12 ,»0.
101 PKI -Very dull. Lake. «10 70®ll.
LEAD— Steady. Domesnc . ; 2 75@J 80.
1 -Quiet.  Straus. *12 90@13
-bPEL'x^U-Steady. Do,,- «. . . *J 55(^3 65.
CHICAGO MARKKTS.
CHICAGO, lit, Sept. 24.— Wheat started in to
day's session about a cent to the better of yester
day's close wltn traders nervous and anxious.
Buying orders were in the majority and a heavy
business was transacted, the tone being firmly
strong and prices during the first hour advancing
%c further. A great many traders were working
fora reaction on the assumption that much of the
wheat accumulated on the bulge would soon be
offered for sale. This inclination 011 the part of
some was a meek on the- advance and held prices
from jumping too rapidly. Liverpool and Conti
nental cables fully reflected our ..ain of yesttrday,
that fact being the leading factor at the start.
North western receipts were moderate at 806 |
cars, against 832 last Thursday and 1022 a year |
ago Chicaco receipts were 186 cars and inspected
out 69,000 bushels. The Cincinnati PrlceCurient
summary gave no important information to-day.
The market showed evidence of being strained
about noon, and from that time on recessions were
general. Export clearances were 573,611 bushels.
Closing Continental cables were higher, but wore
quotably barely steady. December wheat opened
fr.m(sS%c to 65% c, sold between 665, 8 c and
6i%c, ci-.sing at-65%c bid, %@y 8 higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 285
cars.
CORN— A few additional fractions wer» ad !ea
to the prices of corn simply through the influence
exerted on the general speculative mind by the
room in wheat. Very few entertain the idea that
corn has the ability of Itself to advance materi
ally, but the stress of bull sentiment in the neigh
boring market did not encourage shorts selling.
Liverpool cables were firm. Receipts were 603
cars, and 104,632 bushels were taken from store.
The Clnciniiiiti Price Current reported no itsju y to
corn by the recent frost. Export clearances were
heavy at 775:87 bushels. Prices eased off with
wheat later. May corn opened from 2514 c to
I 2f»y c. sold between 25»4c and 2514 c. closing at
! 25% c bid, a shade higher than yesterday. Esti- I
mated receipts for to-morrow, 90'J cars.
OATS— Were slow of action, but derived
strength sufficient from wheat to Imnrove a little j
in price. Nothing approaching importance trans- •
plred duri g the session. Receipts were *295 cars
and i>7,315 bushels were taken from store. Ex
ports amounted to 30,821 bushels. May oats 1
cosed y B c under yester. ay. Estimated receipts
for to-morrow 300 cars.
FLAX— Was linn. Cash, 70i4@71c; Septem- I
her, 70c bid; December, 71^@72^c. Receipts i
44 cars.
PROVISIONS— Were fairly active and firmer; !
the bull sentiment which prevailed in wheat i
seemi-d to have extended to product and prices i
advanced moderately. The tiog market was j
stronger, which was necessarily a strengthening 1
argument in provisions. January pork closed 15c |
higher. January lard 12Vfe@15c higher, and Janu
ary ribs 7y a @loc hUlier.
UTTEK— ihe butter market was quiet to-day.
No important change in the situation was noted.
Offerings and the demand were both moderate.
Creameries— 14i^c 1* lb: firsts. 12@13c;
seconds. 10'o.l.c: imitations, fancy, 12(5.5c.
Dairies— Extras, 13c; firsts, ll@l'Jc: seconds, 10c.
Ladles— Extras, 9--o@lUc: firsts, b®Hy 2 c; packing !
stock. W&7c! grease, 4@sc.
EGGS— steady. The demand was not so urgent 1
as it has been but the offerings were not pressing.
j-res'i stock, 14fg.1«y 2 c.
MONK*—W as firm at 6<§.7% on call and 1% on
time loans. New \\>ix. exchange sold at 70c dis
count.
V",.;..- Closing I'rlce*.
WHF.AT— Pentember. 64X4c; December, 64%®
65c; May, B e. , .
COKN--»pi.mber. 21 etc; December, 22V«c;
May, *J6y @2sVic. \ .::A
UATs-sr|i:i -tuber. 16«/ 8 c; December, 16X%<a ]
17c: May. 198/ c. -
PORK— October, 95 95: January. $7 02%.
LARD— October, $3 62%: January. $4 o."^-
October, 93 17*4; January, 93 60.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111, Sept- 24.— The
offerings of cattle to-day were moderate. Com
mon and medium grades were steady and choice
beeves loc to 15c higher. The demand was good.
The hog market was steady, with good offerings
and the demand fair. The sheep and lamb mar- I
kets were steady.
CATTLK — Receiots. 8500. Fancy beeves.
$4 1 o@s 10: choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 th steers,
$4 50*z»4 86: good to choice steers, 1200 to 1600 B>. j
f4 Kifqit 4.V. medium steers. 1000 to 1300 lb. $3 90 I
(a.4 05: fair beet steers. 960 to 1300 lbs, |
$3 60 @ 3 85; butcher steers. S3 25 to 3 50; j
choice stocken and feeders, 900 to 1250 &>. $3 25 j
<g,H7b; fair do. 500 to 875 &>. $2 60@3 20; bulls,
choice to extra, $2 8O(a3 00; bulls, poor to choice,
$1 CiUtd,- 75: cows ana heifer*, choice toextra, $3 50
$3 7j; cows, KOOd to choice, $2 50@3 50: rows,
common to fair canners. 91 10@V! 00; calves, good
to choice. $5 60@6 05: calves, common to good,
$3 00&5 25: Texas grass steers. »-' 40@3 00;
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7502 50; Western can
ning steers, $2 65@4; Western range cows ana heif- !
ers. $2 IbCcCA 25 . milkers and springers, t< head,
926@40; Western range steers, $2 70<3>3 70; West
ern rangers, .$- 23(&3 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 34,000. Heavy packing ana
rbippine lots. 92 Hofc3 40: common to choice
mixed, 92 90{$3 40: choice assorted. 93 30©
i 40: light, $2 »o@3 40: pigs. 91 t>owi 35 -
t>HKk.t— itcctipis, 16.0UJ. inierior to choice,
»1 7615.3 10; lambs, *3*4 50.
CALIFOKMA FRlIt SAI.KS.
CHICAGO, 111, Sept. 24.— Earl Fruit Com
pan'- sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Grapes-Tokay, Si ISC*! 40; Muscat, $1 10@l 25.
Pears— Bartlett, 91 60@l 9a Peaches— Salway.
60@65&
NEW YORK, N. V., Kept. 24.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as> follows:
Grapes— Tokays, $2 85 9 double crate and 91 16
(an 45 single. Pears— Jartleits, 91 95@2 i>6 %
box and 91 30 9 half box; Cornice (seconds), 95c
@$1 90 %* box: Nellis, $1 50: Slckels. 91£$1 05.
Plums— Columbia, $1 $ half crate. Peaches—Sal
ways, 45@80c $ box: Clings, 55@70c
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, change, .Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on call easy at 4@4%%; last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 7(a9". lin silver. 65% c. Mexican dollars,
5()S B 'g,s^y x c Sterling Kxchaiiiie firmer, with actual !
business in bankers' bills at $4 8114@4 81«/ i '
lor -lxty flays, and $4 888/i(<64 8414 for Jemaud. !
Posted rates, $4 b'J@4 b4Vi- Commercial bills, >
$4 hO(g)4 81. Government bonds firm. Slate bonds
dull. Railroad bonds strong. Silver at the board
was dull.
!,:' V-Aj CXOMXe KTOCIM.
Am Tel * Cable- . . 88 i Norfolk 4 ■We^trn. BJA
Atcblson.... 12Vs Preferred. 12"-.
Preferred Northern Pacific. 12%
Adams Express. 143 - Preferred '^0%
Alton, Terre Haute 65 Northwestern 99
American Expression Preferred 140
AmericanToDacco. 63V» N. Y. Central 92^4
Preferred 95 N.Y.,Chicago<t3.L. 10
BnyStateGas 14Vi Ist preferred 66
Baltimore Ohio.. I 3y 2 2d preferred 25
Brunswick Lands.. % N. \.&N. H. 167
buftalo, Roch &P. 17 N. V. & New Eng. 45
Canada Pacific... 67y a N. V.. Susq & W... 8
Canada Southern.. 45 . Preferred...! 22 Va i
Canton Land 60 8 Ontario 10 '
Central Pacific... 13 Va! Ontario A Western la 14
Ches. Ohio ...... l 45 /8 Ore eon Improvmnt y x
Chicago Alton. 155 | Preferred. —
Preferred 164 loregon Navigation 12
Chicago. 8.&Q.... 69 Oregon Short Line. 13y 4
Chicago &E. 111... 3t< Pacific Mall ;. 19
Preferred. .... 84 l'eoria, D.«fc Evans 1%
CblcagoGas 61 % Pittaburs & W. pfd 16
Cleveifc Plttsbnrg..lso ! Pullman Palace.... 142%
Consolidation CoaL 1-3 Quicksilver. \y%
Consolidated Ua5..145y 3 Preferred. 15
C. C. c. <t Sl Louis 26 Reading. 18
Preferred. 72 'RloGrande&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel <t Xros.. 18M>] PreferrPd :... 40
Preferred hO 'K0ck.151and.. ...... «U/4 I
Cotton Oil Cert 13 Rome Wat<&Ogaen.Ho
Commercial Cable. 135 St. L. &8. W.... 38/. 1
DeL Hudson.. 123 Preferred 8 |
Del. Lack* Westrn. 153 St. Paul. .71% I
Denver<tß.O -11 Preferred.....:..; 12* 7
Preferred......... 42% Bt. Paul & Duluth. 17
Distillers....... - — Preferred.. 76
General Electric... 28% St. Paul & Omaha. 38V*
Erie................ ISVV Preferred. 112
Preferrea 29y.> 8l P. M. &M . ■ 102
Fort Wayne ...... 145 louver Certificates'. 65%
Great Northern pfdll4 Southern Pacific... 15
Green Bay Vi Southern R. X 7V a
H*rlem. 300 j Preferred. 72
Hocking Coat.;;... | Sugar Refinery "...111%
Hocking Valley.:.. 14% Preferred. . ■... -9sS
Homestake........: 34Vi Term. Coal A Iron. 22Vg
H. & Texas Cent...- — | Preferred. .... 90
Illinois Central 89 Texas Pacific"" 6%
lowa Central....... 7 |lol.A.A.<tN.Mica' —
Preferrea..." 26 Tol. & Ohio Cent. 20
Kansas A Texas... 10V*j Preferred. 60
Preferred 23Vi Tol.SuLouls<i"K.cC b r
KlnestonA Fern... 3 | Preferred. 16
LfiiceErleA Westn 15 Onion Paclric 6M»
Preferred. 64% V. P. Den & Golf.*. HZ
Lakesbore .....145 U. S. Coraac* 41Z
National Lead..... 22»/ 8 Preierred. "* 9
Preferred ....... 84% Guaranteed".*.'.... 17
Long Island 66 I C. a Express -35
Louisville & Nash. 41 V. S. . Leather...* BS,i
LonlsvlUe. Na<&Cl» .. 1% , Preferred.......*! 6b3,£
Preferred . 6 U.S. Rubber ... 163/1
Manhattan Consol. " «7%l Preferrea 70
Memphis & Charl*. 15 {CUca & B. iuVer!".l6O *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 15»t5.
Mexican Central. . KVa Wab. S. L. <& Pao.. 63/ 4
Michigan Central.. 92 Preferred... 14%
Minn&s.L. — — Wells-FarR0........ 00
l'relerred — . Wesu-m Union.. . l ? 3's»
Minn <& .St. L com. MV 2 Wisconsin Central. ls/ 8
Ist preferred. 6HVI Wheeling &L. M.. 6%
■ 2dpreferT«i .. 40 Preferred ;.. 24^4
! Missouri ra»:ifia... IPV2 Am Cotton Oil p«4. 46
Mobile* Ohio 17 W. U. Beef «Vi
Nashville <fe Chatt. 67V<.' Ann Arbor..... i 7
■National Unse«d.. 268/4 Preferred \SV»
X- J. Central 102 Vs . Brooklyn I'racUoa. 20
t>oru> tuiericiui... is^jtrieUdpiO. .. .. 17^
closing BOirm.
Ala Class All 101 Northern Pao lsU. 11 4
Do Class 84, 65..10u DoSds 105
Alabama, riau c. 94 Do ads 66Vk
Atcnuon«s 76V4 Do consoles.*.. 46
Do2ds A — 85 Olmprovement Ist 73
C»nadaSouth2ds..lol I Do 5s 10
ten Pac 1 sis of '9s. 98Vi C R & N Ist*. 108%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Ho -onxol 6s. ... 82
Do 1897 10J Or snort Line ..107V4
\>°}»™ 10J ; Doconsss 60
Do 1899 100 FacHlc«Jsof-97....
Cbes«unio *"— lUs^l'hila& ..eading4s. 75
ibitN P'lr Rctsßs s9S /* Dolst )fdincam. 85
DCB-66S 10»».4 R Grande West Ist* 70
Deui KG Ist UOi^sti^ironMtGenßj 72
..Jo**- 87 fSiL&BF Gen 103
fr/'ir-fi" «.— • ,— 6 $ S/ * Sl i> * nl Consols.... 126
f &I>enCltylsta 50 bt P C<t Pa Ists... 1 15
b S,^ B /* 101 60 Carolina 4 Vis... 97^
r, I **?* '* 100 Soutbern RR6s... 81%
Gen Blec Deb bs. " 86 Do Pac Cal Ists. . 108
H & Tex Cent 6a.. 106y 4 Term new 35....... 75
T^° eonbs... P9 1 exwi Paciflo Ist*. 86% !
lowa Cen:ral lsts.. 91^ Texas Pacific 2ds.. 17 V* 1
Pa Consols «4 Union Pac lsts 90. 101 I
r*Jt to I *\»}»»* OIVIOB v K4s reg of 11,25.116
LaConsol 4s 89 Do 4s. coupon. ...118
Missouri funding... C f 4s. rcc of 1907.106 Mi
tuV* 1 *- 65 Dc4«.eoupon 107Va
At^bhVo*.;; £* Bo6 a l.:;;::::-:::.i^:
Mobile* Ohio 45..' 31 D«.6s"" "..HO 3 /*
Mutual Onion 106l /4 lofts, coupon...
£J Cent Gen 55.. .114 \ a funding debt... 67
N *<£&** Louis 4810'J»4 Do registered
Nor* West Gen 85.116 Do deferred 65... 6
*«^" oiln»con4s.. 95 Do trust rcpts »'. 4
X DoB » 110 Wabasn Ist 6s 104
Northwest Consols. 133 Wett 65h0re4*..... 103^4
Do deb 6s 104 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WBIAT IN LIVEBPOOt.
LIVERPOOL, Knq.. Sept. 24.— The spot market
is higher at 5s 10y»d@3s- Cargoes arm at 28s 6d,
January-February shipment.
ITTUBES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 ked Winter: Sep-
I tember. 5s Hi/id; October, 6s BV*d; November, 6s
I HVad; December, 6sB%d; January, 6s 90.
bkcokitiks.
LONDON, Ens., Sept. 24.— Consols. 109%;
silver, SO 5- 16 d: French Rentes, lOlf »6c.
EXCHANGE ANU BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 94 88
Sterling Exchange, sight ; — 485
Sterling Cables — 4 87
New York Exchange, sight — • 05
New "York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine silver, %i ounce. — 65&4
Mexican Dollars. 61% 62
♦ '
PRODUCE MARKET.
•WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
AT -The Loch Linnhe takes for Cork 47,
-102 ciis. valued mi $4tf,o 0.
The market is quoted still higher and very firm,
with an active demand. No. 1, 91 06 ? ctl; choice,
$1 061,40.1 07vs: lower trades, 95c@$l 02%; ex
tra choice for milling, $1 oB^4@l 10 ctl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 08; 8000, $1 08%: 4000, *luH%: '
2000. $1 08% May - 8000, $1 11%; 6000, 1
!$1 11%; 2000. $1 11%. * y *' °"' !
mecond >kssii..v— December— 6000 ctls. 08%;
30,000, ft 08%. May-zOOO, $1 11%; 2000 I
i *1 l-: 4oiiO, $i i;»vfe.
Kegulab .Morn-ing Session— December— 2ooo I
; Ctls, $1 (.8%; "000, $ 1 09: '.000, $1 09Vs: 14,000, I
I ft! oavi; 8000. $1 Obs/s: 80.U00, $1 09%: 14,000,
i $1 ' »<*». Slay — 16,000. $1 13; .000. *1 1*V»:
| 8000, $1 13%; 00, $1 13%: 4000, $1 13%.
At .1. KNOUN Skssion - .May - 14,000 Ctls,
!*1 i:*%: 4000. $1 133, 4 . December— 200.1. $1 O:.V*:
; 8000, $. 09%: 10,000. $1 10; 18,000, SI 09%;
4000, $1 0PS /4 ; 16,000, $1 U»W. 8
\RLkY -Choice bright Feed is firm, but dark
I grades are dull and easy. We Quote Feed, 67V-®
C2%e cti; choice bright. tio%@63c; Brewlug.
7'i!Va@Boc * cU: Chevalier, {Joife*i for No. 1.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal, Session-— B: 1& o'clock — No sales.
Second session— No sales.
.Regular Mu&kino session-— December— 2000
ctls, 71V 2 c.
afternoon Session— No sales.
is— Dull and unchanged. Black, for feed, 70
(C.M).' ctl: Milling, 87%@,5-2%c »* ctl: lancy feed, j
! 9-%&95 c V ell: Rood 10 choice. H&ro.Oiii/j.c: com- .
mon 10 fair, 75©80 c; Gray, 85@87%c; Surprise, I
j 95cg£$l 02\i>.
CORN— mil neglected Large Yellow, 80@ ;
82V c: Small Konnd do, 85t * cU: White, 76@81»c.
KVE— Very strong at 65<#70c $ ell.
BUCKW HEAT— Nominal at B&@9sc elk
FLOCK AND MLILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR — Firm at the advance. Net cash
j prices are as follows: Family extras, $3 76@3 90
V bbl; Bakers' extras, $.( 55&3 65; superfine,
$2 Bo@3 15.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Foed Com, 18 50@19; !
Cracked corn. $19@19 60 irt ton.
MILLSTUFF -Prices in sacks are as follows, i
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 82 10; 1
Rye Flour, $2 60; Rice. Flour, $5 75; Cornmeal, I
I $2 10: extra crearj do, 92 75: meal, $2 90- Oat '
i.roats, $3 60: Hominy, f i 10®3 80; Buckwheat !
Flour, $3 10(0.3 30; Cracked Wheat, $2 76: Fa- i
rina, «3£o; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 80: Rolled '
Oats. $3 50: Pearl Barley, *3 60; split Teas, $3 20: I
Green do, »4 10 ft 100 lbs.
HAY AND FtEDSTUFFS,
BRAN- $12@12 30 for the bast and $ll@ll 60
| V ion for outside bran-la. .
MIDDLINGS-$l5 V ton for lower grades, and
I *16@18 "p. ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
I Meal at the mill, $21 T§>. ton: jobbing, »22; clipped
i cats. 97%c@$l 05 9 ctl. .
HAY— Keceipta continue to decrease and the
I market Is less demoralized in consequence. Wheat,
; $~@9 V ton: Wheat and Oat, $6@B 60 V- ion:
; Oat, »5(g,7: Barley. $6@V ; i;iver Barley, (4 50ta,.1-
Alfalfa, $8 60© 0 60 for second and $4 60@5 for
first cutting: compressed $6@9; stock, *4ffis:
Clover, 6@7 50 » ton. •*■•>.
bTRAW— SO@3Bc * bale.
BEANS AND SEED*.
BEANS— Bayos quotable at 95cffi?l 16 $ ctl;
Small Whites, 85c@$l 10 ft ctl; Pea. 95c@
$1 15 V ctl; Large Whites, 80@90c H ctl; Pink l
76@f5c * ctl: Reds, Sim 10 » cU: Blackeye
$1 25; lied Ktaney, $ltgll 10; Llmas, $1 6Ufd
1 80: Butters, $1 26@1 40. ■ •
SEEDS— AII kinds are dull. Brown Mustard
$2 60&2 66; Yellow Mustard, $1 40@l 60: Flax
$1 25; Canary. 2%@2%<3 * lb: Alfalfa, nominal:
Rape, 2%c; Hemp, 3%c %i tti.
DKli-D Pi.AS- $1 lOfel 40 s* ctl for NUes and
f 1 26^1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS. VEGETABLES. i
POTATOES-NO change. Sweet Potatoes are i
quotable at 75e©81 25 * ctl; Early Rose,' Us@3sc !
V sack: Burbank Seedlings, 30«a>40c lor Rivers
and 60&90 c r c.l for Salinas.
ON lons— Quiet at 25@S0c 9 sack; Pickles 40 !
@50c ¥ sack.
. VEGETABLES— Show no material change. Mar
rowfat Squash, 95@8 * ton; Green Corn, 35®«5c
V sack: A lamed a Corn, 81@1 25 $ crate; Berke
ley Corn. :-;s(gi6Oc ■$ box; Summer Squash '
| 25c ¥ box: Egg Plant, 26@40c « box; ;
Tomatoes. 15@25c IB box: Cucumbers, 25@36c
* box; Plck.es, lW » &> for No. 1 and 76(<a
! 80c $ ctl for No. 2; Green Peppers, 26@35c Si |
; large box for Chile and 25@35c for Hell: Greon
i Peas. s«lc@sl 9 sk for common and 2<§i2i4c » tb
for Garden; string Beans, 60c@f 1 V sack for com
mon and 2@2Vic %*. lb for garden; Limas, 60@76c
9 sack; Green Okra. 40®66c V box; Dried Okra,
12V2C 9 &>; Cabbage, 40c %t ctl; Carrots, 30(a40c
* sack; Garlic, l@l3/ic f m. wb~w«.
BCTTEK, CHEESE AND KOGg.
BUTTER— farther e'ecllne Is noted.
Crkamery— Fancy,2l@22Vac: seconds, 20c » lb.
Dairy— Fancy, 20c H>: good to choice, 17W<d
19c: lower grades, l2Vi@l6oW lb.
Picklkd— lS@l7c % lb.
Firkin— l4@ltso ■$ tt). j
CHEKsE-Choice mild new, BVa@9c: common
to good old, 6(<SBc: Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Young
America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc; Eastern, 11®
13c lb. w
j KGG. — Steady at the advance, but not as active
Oregon quotable at 13&] 6c ?fr doz; Eastern, 16®
19c for lair to choice and 'Me for fancy: store Eggs
16@16c tor ordinary and 17@20c for good ; ranch
Kkks, 25@30c; cold-su>raKs lb@2oc. Duck Eggs,
18@^0c. 6B
POULTRY AND GAME.
* POULTRY— A car of Eastern sold at 13@14c
for Turkeys. $5 50@6 for Hens. $5@5 60 for
yonn,- Koosiers, $4 50 for old Roosters and 93 26
@3 60 for Fryers.
Local stock is steady and large fat Hens sell over
the quotations. LiveTurkevs, 13@16c for Gobbler*.
I 12@lSc for uens; young Turkeys. 16@18c; Geese.
| * pair, $.@1 25; Gosltnps, 91 25@1 60; Ducks, $3
@4 V dozen for old and $.4@5 for young; Hens,
I 4®5: Roosters, youni;, 94@5 fi dozen; do,
| old, 94@4 50: Fryers, 8Z 76@3; Broilers, 92 50®
3 for large and 9-'@2 50 for small; Pigeons,
$1 76 f dozen for young and 91 60 for old.
GAME— .Nominal.
DECIDUOUS " AND CITRUS FRUITS.
' ORCHARD, FRUITS-
Peaches are not as firm. , First-class Quinces are
scarce. Fancy Apples are wanted. Figs are dun.
Plums are scarce.
- Quinces, 40(i50c 9 box.
Peaches, 20@40c ft box for ordinary and 40@60c
for Mountain free. . ' '
Plums, 36@50c ft box: Prunes, 50@75c.
- Pomegranates. 50®86c fi box. . ..
Apples, - 65c@$l * box for choice, 91 25 for
fancy and '. s<issuc for common.
Pears, 30@50c ft box; BarUetts, 60@75c V large
box. ■
Figs, . 26@35c V box for white and 25®40c for :
black. I
BEHRIKS— '
Strawberries, $2@4 for large berries and $10 for '
Lone worths. : ' ■ • '
Raspberries, S3®* ft chest. '
Blackberries, $2@4 <& chest.
Huckleberries, %< ft>. ,
Cranberries from Wisconsin 'and Cape Cod. 88 "■*
@8 60 * bbl. ■ »•«»<»
GKAPJEB— EMler and quieter. wine Grapes are i
steady. Isabellas. 60@65c $* crate: Tokays, SO®
50c ft box: Black Grapes, 25@40c: Muscats. 35®
40c: . etwaters and Fonthinebleaux, 36@40c %*
box; Grapes in crates bring 10«i>16c more than in
boxes.,
Zinfandel Wine Grapes, $20@25 %> ton: White
Graphs. $11@16.
MELONS — All kinds are weaker. . Watermelons,
?2fg,i V 100: Cantaloupes, 40c@$l « crate; Nut
megs. 25@40c 9 box.
CITRLH FRUITS— Lemons, 75c@$l 60 oox
for common and *'2 50@3 50 for good to choice:
Mexican Limes, Ss@s 60 9 box: Cali-.oruia Limes.
— — : Bananas. $l<&)i} ft ounch; Pineapples, 52®
3 50 %i dot ;
DRIKD FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRTJIT*—
Dealers are getting rather more for Prunes.
Peaches and Apricots are also tending upward-
Pears are plentiful, cheap and dull.
Quotations on the Frui: Exchange are as fol
lows:
, Carload Lots— Apricots, 6@Bc V lb for Royals
and 9(gllOc ft tt> for choice to fancy Uooroarks;
Prunes. 3@3i/4c; Peaches. 3@4y*c for prime to
choice, 6»*c for fancy and »©loc for peeled in
boxes; Apples, 6c for evaporated and 2@2V?iCfor
HUii-driMl ; Pears. IJ/o@3c tor prime to choice. 2@3c
for quarters and 4@s"c for halves; Plums. 4c for pit
ted and l%@2c for imputed: .Nectarines. S(»4c
for choice and &c for fancy; white Figs, !<c; black
Figs, 214@V!V2C.
Jobbing Prices— Peaches. 4J,4®si4ic: fancy, 7c
* ft; Apricots, 6®70: faacy, 8c; iloorparks.'lO®
lie: evaporated Apples, 6c; sun-dried. 3c; Prunes,
3\4@3VisC for the tour sizes: Flrs, black. '.'Vac for
unp.essed »<nd 3@3V<i for pressed; white l\in, 4c:
Plums, 6c for pitied ana l^c for unpltted; Necta
rines. 4®uc $ ft for prime to fancy . Pears. 2%©
Sc for whole, 2Vfe@3VisC for quarters and 4@sc tor
halves.
RAISINS—
• t. arliiad Pricks, f. o. b. Fbxsko— FonT-crown
loose, 4c; 3-crown, BV4c; 2-crown, 284 c; Seedless
Bultnnas, 4c; Heedless Muscatels. 2Ujc: 3-crown
London layers. 91 10: clusters, $1 85; Dehesa
clusters, 91 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Grapes, 2<i /4 c f> lb.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown, loose, 4iAc: 3
crown, 3»/ic^ ft; 2-crown, 8c ft Ib; seedless Sul
tanas, 5c %* lb; seedless Muscatels, 3i£c; 3-crown
London layers, 91; clusters, $150: Dehesa clus
ters, $2 60: Imperial cluster*, -2 60.
NUTS— Quotations are as follows: Walnuts,
new crop, s id at 10c for softshell; new Almonds,
7c for LanKuedoc, for hardshell and 9@loc for
paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@t>c for Eastern
and 4c for California; Hickory Nuts, 6®60 ¥ lb;
Pecans, 7^@Bo; Filberts, 7V4feBc; Brazil Nuts,
1 Vr(&^'- %* 16: Cocoauuts, *4<ds %) 100.
HONEY— 10@12%c for bright and s@9c
for lower .grades: water-white extracted, 6@sVac;
light amber extracted, 4V^»4^4c; dark amber, l@
4V4c; aarit. V@3c >» lb.
BEESWAX— 26@27c "$ ft.
PROVISIONS.
In fair demand and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6%c V !b for heavy,
7%c * tt. for light medium. 9@9%c V- lb
for light, 10@llc for extra lii;nt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%<$]3c;
California Hams, 10<#llc *> lb; Mess Beef, $7(g,8:
extra mess do, $8 60@9: family do, 10@ll: extra
prime- Pork, f8S8" 50; extra clear, $13 ?! bbl;
mess, ail 60@12 ft bol; >moked Beef, 10c > lb.
i-AKD- Eastern tierces is quoted at 41,4 c V Hi
for compound and 514 c for pure; pails, 60 $ lb;
California tierces, 4 1 2 c for compound and 6%c lor
pure: ha 1-bbls, 6%c; 10-lb tins, bVic: do 5-Ib,
6%c %* tb.
COTI OLENE— 6y B@6%c8 @6%c in half-bbisand 6Sii@
7% i* U. in 10-n> tins. • ™
UIDKS, tallow, WOOL and HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNs—Dealers report a very dull
market Heavy salted steers are quotable at 6%c;
culls and brands, 6%c: medium, 5' -,:g.O ■■. culls and
brands, .4%&5 c %i lb; light, 4@i%c: culls and
brands. 3%<g4c; Cowhides, 4@sc: culls and brands,
3%@4%c; saitea Kip, oc: salted Calf. 6®7c r tb:
salted Veal. sfcjßc; dry Hides. 9@loc: culls and
branas, 7©7% c; dry Kip and Veal, 8c: culls, 6,0
7c «* lb; dry calf, 16c; culls, 10e| skins. 20$
35c each: Kids, sc: Deerskins, good summer,
20(a.25c V lb: medium, 16@.0c; winter, 7(a9c;
Sheepskins, shearings. 10a,15c each: short wool,
CO@3sceacii; medium, 40«50rcach: lone wools,
60@60 each. Culls of all kinds about %c less.
I ALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 2%@3c: No. 2,
2(a,'2V4c; refined. 4s i@sc: Grease, I%'c * !b.
WOOL— A local circular sa s: "Some business
has been don-, within the week emnraens; the
poorer descriptions of free spring stock and also
mountain fall Wools for scouring pur posps As yet
no business has been done locally in the choicer
northern and Mendocino Wools, of winch there
are large lines to be had. The prices asked for this
class of stock places them for the moment out of
the market, but with strengthening hopes of
McK.nl> y's election there is reason to believe that
these choice Wools will soon find purchasers. Out
side of the scouring business, as reported above,
there is nothing doing." New San .loaqum Fall, 2%
@4c ■$ ft.; Spring clip: Humboldl and Mendocino,
10@llc; Nevada, 6@B%c; San Joaquin and South
ern Coast, six months. 3 %@5c: northern free de
fective. 4%@5%c •$ lb.
HOPS— Are nominal.
GENERAL MEKCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta drain Bags, spot, $4 12%@* 20:
Ban Qnentiu, $4 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c;
Fruit Bags. sVi@s%a
COAL— Wellington, $8 $ ton; New Wellington,
$8 * ton: Southneld Wellington, $7 60 9 ton;
Seattle, $5®5 60: iiryan.. $5; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo. $7 50;
Cumoerland, $13 50 ft ton In bulk and $15 In sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11 %i ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Cannel. $7 60; i.ock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke.
$11@12 In bulk and $13 ft ton In ska.
OlL— The Standard Oil Company has advanced
Eastern Linseed to 39c for raw and 41 c for boiled
In bols. an 1 44c and 460, respectively. in caßes.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed. 5%0:
Powdered, 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 43.4 c; Confectioners' A, 4»/ 4 i-: Magnolia A,
4S/ 8 c; Extra C, OoldenC, li, a c; half barrels,
Vie more than barrels, and boxes %o more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First Quality. s@sVac: second do, 4© |
4 Vic: third do, 3V3C '4 ft.
VEAL— Large, small, s@6c «l lb.
MUTTON— Wether* 6®5y a c; Ewes, 4Va@sc
¥ ft.
LAMB— sVs@BVaO «i ft.
PORK— Live Hobs, 2Vi@2%o V ft for large and
2 s /ic for small and medium ; dressed do, 4 V4@4Vic
KECEIPTS OF PICODUCIS.
for 24 HOCBS.
Flour, <jr sfcs.... 006 Cheese, ct15...... 284
Oregon. 1.K14 Eggs, dos 13.860
Wheat, ctls 180,626 : Hides, no 1,260
Oregon 2.315 Pelts, bdls 6.P60
Barley, ctls 37,145 Wine, gals 29,000
; Oats, ctls 1,570 1 Wool, bis 60
Oregon 505 ! Sugar, bbls 2,751
Corn, ctls 675 Lumber. M feet. 10
Rye, Ct15........ 260 Leather, r0115... 14
Beans, sks 2.677 Hops, bis 40
Potatoes, sks.... 8,584 Quicksllver.flsks 58
Onions, 5k5...;.. 1,018 Mustard Seed, sK 4-20
Bran, sks 5,920 Kiaxieed sks.... 363
Middlings, sks... 1.086 Raisins, boxes. . 685 1
Hay, tons 4.14 Tallow, ctls 48
Butter, ctls 233
THE STOCK MARKET.
The market for mining stocks was rather firmer
I yesterday. There was an advance in Challenge
, and Confidence at noon, but in the afternoon they
1 weakened off again.
The close showed a further falling off.
The Union assessment falls delinquent in board
I to-day.
Mining dividends will be paid to-day as follows:
Calumet and Hecla, $5 per share,' or 9500,000;
Homestake, 25 cents per share, or $31,260: Isa
bella. 1 cent per share, or $22,500.
The Mammoth Mining Company of Utah has de
clared a dividend of 6 cents per share, amounting
to 920,000, payable October 1.
Particulars of the August clean-up of the Alaska-
Treadwell gold mine are as follows: Period since
last return, thirty-one days: bullion shipment,
$88,817; ore milled, 22,475 tons; sulphurets
treated, 388 tons; of bullion there came from sul
phurets, $27,732; unable to stale gross expanses
for period. The average yield was $3 95 per ton
of ore milled.
At the Savage mine they are still engaged in
surface repairs and are making rapid progress
toward their completion. On the Brunswick lode
at shaft 1 in the main shaft the week has been
devoted 10 repairing it where necessary and eailne
timbers on the 200 and 300 stations. On the 300
level the north drift has been expended and tim
bered 32 feet, making its total length 83 fee:. The
face is still in soft ground composed of porphyry
and clay. On the 400 level the joint Savage-.\"or
cross north drift, under the supervision of the
Norcross Company, has been extended 46 feet,
making Its total length 64 feet. '1 he face Is in
porphyry.
w The yield of the Belcher mln« during the past
wee* whs 00 mining carloads of ore. the averace
assay value of which was $16 62 per ton. There
were shipped to the Brunswick mill during the
week 117 tons and 250. pounds of accumulated
Or<^ ™ , ln * «* total now at the mill of 478 tons
and 1100 pounds of ore. This ore is now being
™d r at?i"^4i pe^on* the *"""* ** °* UP
in the Crown Point mine the east crosscut from
the nation on the 700 level Is now out 38 feet.
Jhe fare Is in quartz of low grade. Are eneag.-d
h l '™ ng , In square sets on the eleventh floor of
? e ™ l /*vel raise. Completed the chute jn
ne«uu raise and are now opening to the west on
the twelf.h floor. The usual rapairs are under
way.
T.!! he i 3< ? lnt Confidence, Challenge Con. and Con.
imperial west crosscut 1. from the surface tunnel,
s out «_7 feet, having been advanced 14 feet dur
ing he week. The face shows porphyry. West
crosscut 3 from the surface tunnel is out 62 feet,
'laying been advanced 6 feet during the week. The
fate is in quartz of no value.
in 7w Bes " Belc mine did not yield any ore dur
befng do P n a e n V he £ mi UBU<U Prospecting work la
D^'°K done In the mice.
vJirtt,i C , 0 " flde ? cc mine during the past week
yielded ten mining carloads of ore, the average
assay yaue of which was 920 69 per ton. ;-• ■- "
'?' Overman mine produced nine tons and 425
pounds or,- during the past week from the north
mm Jfi 900 leVeL The *"** ValUe of lWa °™
was v«o z\) per ton.
BOAKD SALES.
BKarfLAR HORXINi) SESSION. COMMUNrrSa 9:30.
60 8e1cher.. .64:100 ChaUnit. .55 100 G A C 51
200 8&8.....94 100. 64 100 0ph1r.....95
200 Bodie 65201) 6;-: 50 Savae.»..6O
20.) .bu11i0n.. .20 50 52 500 Seg B 08
2JO '...........21 1000 Con 1m..0'.'20U s>Nev....7o
200 8u1wer...44 200 CrwnPt..6l ! 40»> V JHCK1...34
6 '0 CC&V...1.75 G<tC.^...52 850 ...33
150 C0na....1.40' ;
AFTKRNOOX SESSION— 2:3a
1 00 A1ta..?...d7 100 CCA V . . 1.7O|8«O 0ccidt1.... 46
300 8A8.... 91 60 Conn ...1.40(100 Ophir 94
160 90 100 C P0int... 49 P0t0»1....86
100 i 0 * 1 * 6 * 100 Exchqr....t4lloo 8 Nev....70
400 Bullion... .20 200 Alex.... 49! 60 Union.. ..36
100 Chalice... sl) "I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
BKGfLAB siwstosr— lo:Bl.
600 A1pha.. ..17400 C0nn.... 3. 45 300 Occd 48
300 Alia. 07 100 1. 47 500 Overman. 16
200 Andes 29 400 1.6. 400 Potosl 89
300 Blchr 54 200 . 1.62%!300 88
'£W> .- 52 200 1.56 200 87
60J £AB 94 iooc P01nt...62 350 sav< 59
300 ~....9a 100 Exchqr....Os 600 Scorplon_o7
'•'WU 92 400UAC. .._6l 300 58AM....09
400 Bodie. ...64 IOJ H&JN...1.6<» 200 S.Nv 71
bOO i>ullion...2( 200 1.45 600 70
300 Caled — 13 300 Julia. 07J1000 S H111...02
450 Chailge...sO 100 Justice.. «oul7oo Union 39
<?"0 ...61 500 Kentuck..l)7 100 40
bOO 6S 500 h Wa5h.. .031300 -.38
300 ; 56400 Alex BChiUU Utah 08
100 Ch0ir.. . 2.20 iOi .51 40u V Jc*i 32
900 2.171,2 "-00 49200 33
300 2.16 .00 Mono 400 -....34
700 CC*V. 800 ....« 2USOO 33
100: l C Iron ..OztiOj unuir 200 31
500 ConN V...03 300 »4
AFTERNOON session— 2 :30.
200 Alrha 10.) 50 C0nn.1.42%|200 Occd 47
700 Alta 00150 1.50 100 46
400 05 CO 1.47Va-'000ph1r.....95
100 Andes 29 1000 C Imp 1) -j'OO .92
SOU 8e1cn«r....51 300 C Point. ...4b 300 0vrmn....15
800 64^.00 6) 400 PoiOji.. ..Bt>
200 BAB 91 300 Exchqr.. .06100 . .. 87
100 1i0die.....64 G A C....61 200 9av....,..68
100 8u11i0n.... 19 ISO HdtN'...l.4b 600 58451....08
100 8u1wer...4. 300 Kentuck..O7 300 8 Nt 7"
300 Caleda- ..132U0 Mien 60 400 Union C...38
200 Cha1ng....61 200 ...... 49 200 Utah 07
26J Ch0ir.... 2V 8 100 Mono 20 600 X Jack St.. 82
160 C0V....1%
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
. THURSDAY. Sept. 24-4 p. if.
' :;.' Siri.Al/cecLi mcLAi/ced.
Alpha Coo. ... 16 17 Jackson 25 40
Alts. 05 06 Julia . 06 08
Andes. 28 29 Justice!!... ... 04 06
Belcher 63 66 Kentuck. . 06 C 7
Best A Belcher 93 94 mdy Wash.... 02 04
Benton C0n.... — 15 Mexican 61 62
Bodie.. 60 61 Mono . — -21
Bullion 20 2 1 Nevada Queen, — 04
8u1wer.. ....... 43 44 Occidental..... 47 49
Caledonia. 12 13Ophir 93 95
Chollar a.16 2.20 Overman. 14 16
Con.CalAVa...l.7o 1.7 6' Potosl 85 87
Challenge Con. 52 63 savage. 69 60
Con. Imperial. 01 03 Scorpion.... _ — (8
Confidence.... 1.40 1.45 seg. Belcher... — 08
Con New York — 04 Syndicate .. 03 ,; p —
Crown Point... 49 60 silver Hi 11.... — 08
EastSlerraNe* — (14 sierra Nevada, 69 70
Eureka Con... 25 — Union Con 38 40
Exchequer 03 05 Utah 07 08
Gouia <£ curry. 50 61 Yellow JaclcM. 32 34
hfcle<£Norcra.l.4& 1.50
GOLD Jli.M.xw KXOHAXOTS.
Champion .'..._ 300 Lockwood Con. 28
Bid ........16 00 Princess.
Asked 22 60 Asked.. . 70
Edna 100 Savannah „ 46
Asked 36 Thorpe
Gram... Asked 86
AsKed 24 60 Chollar 216
Keystone 60 2 20
Bid .....65 00 100 Challenge 54
Kennedy 100 Con Virginia... 170
E1d..;..........;.... 6On 100 Hale A Norcrs. 146
Asked .; 6 60
I.OCAL. SKCUKITIW
Bid Spring Valley Water „ 97 00
Bid San Francisco Gas '.. 93 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Sept. 24-2 P. it.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
£vi. Aiked. Bid. Asked.
4» c0up. .106 — U s;*a reg... — 107%
.Do new issuells% — . . •
t..i.i>ANKorri "O^*.
Cal-stCbless. 109% — Pacßoll Ml* ._ *_.
Cal ElecL6illt>% - Do 2d Is . — _
CntraCWs» — 94 PAORyBt. _ jib
Dpnt-stex-co — 97% P&Ch Ry6i. — 107%
I dsn L4P«sll9y a - Pwl-st RR«% - 113
1-ACHKK6S. - 10* Reno.Wi.fel! — 105
Geary-stß6s. — 107% bacto PAL. — 102%
LosAngLtSs. — 100 fc;F&NPRSs. 98 100
Doliateedßs - 101 SPRRAnzsJs — 94
Mkt-BtCble6sll7%ll9%'sPßßCaltss. — 110V a
DoßyCon6s.. 10234103 V* SPRP.CaI6s. — 100
NatVinOsis: 96 — iSPBrRCaISs. — 99%
.NevCNgß7s. 95 — SVWater6s.. -
NPCRK6&IOO - SVWateris,. 973,8 97.%
NRy Cal 6s. 99%101 StktnG<tE6s — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 &onstT&T6s. — —
OakGaa 55..100 106 Suiter-»iHa4. 107% _
LosJd U 65.. 102 V*105 VlsaliaWCli* — «■
Oiunitjua <v. ll(tS^120
V.AIKB STOCKS
Contra Costa 80 40 ISanJose... _ _ "
Mann «J0.... DO — |SprngVaU«y 97 87%
*>F mm
Capital — SO 1 Pacific Limit 48% 60
Central- .... 95 — Ban Francsco 92»4 1»31,i
OaiGLitt 61% — Btockton..... — M) *
PacUaslxup. »3 s s 84%
K»UBaKca BTOCK*
Fireman 'sPrll — |snn 25 60
COIIMEKCML BANK STfVltl
AmwBATC. — — LondonPAA.l24 126
Anglo-Cat — 67 London — 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 233 MeTCh Ex... la —
Cal SD<tTColo7%llO Nevada — —
UrsiNatloni. — lbO ■" bather B Co. — —
«WIN-O« BANK «TO3K».
OerSAtiCo.l2oo 1260 ISavALoan.. — 100
HnmbSAL.llOO / — Security 200 276
Mutual. — 40 Union Trust. 7sU —
bisavlnlon — 480
BTRKBT BAII.nOAA«Tr)-Ct.
California... 108 OakSL&Har — 100
Oeary-st. — 80 Presidio 0 —
Market-5i.... 42 43 Sutter-st - —
I'OWUKK STOCKS. '
Atlantic n... 15 — iGlantCoa.... 17 18%
Eastern D... 70 — JudsonU.. M — —
CalUornia.... .65 75 Ivicorlt. — 90c
MISCBT.LANROtTS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 96 - NatVtnCo.. _ _
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic — 80
Cal Cot Mills - — I'acAuxb'A 1 —
Edison Lii?htllB%ll9 PacßoraxCa 98 100
GaaConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. SO 100 Part PalntCo 6% IV.
HawCASCa. 13% - PacTransCo. — 24
nutch S PCo 19S/g 19% Pac TAT Co. 70 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 -
MKiecLixht — 4V a UiiiteU «J Co. — 25
. BAJL,EB— MORNING SESSION.
Board— " .
116 Hutchlnson P Co. — 19 60
5 Oakland Gas.. ' 61 60
25 Pacific Llchting 4H 60
70 do do 48 75
6 S V Water »7 25
Ftrept—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 96 00
100 Market-st Rauway 42 00
SALts-AHKiiXmjs »CSS(O.f.
Board—
10 Giant Powder Con 17 60
Street—
$5000 Oakland Gas Bonds, 2d 102 75
* — ♦ — ♦
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
I J. Truman to John Hayes, lot on N line of
Broadway, 168:9 W of l.arkin, W 21:4Vfc by X
137:6; $6.
Kate Kenney (a» administrator of the estate of
Catherine McLaughlin, by J. F. Leicester. Com
missioner, etc.) to James W. Cudworth, lot on «
line of Filbert street, 137:6 W of Buchanan, W 75
by S 137:6: *618 J.
W.liiam H. and Ethel W. Crocker to Albert Oal
latin, 50-vara, lot 5, on N line of Union street, be
tween Stelner and Pierce, 137:6x137:6 (s of
Union. 137 ;6 W of Slelner, W 137:6 by S 137:6);
also lot on NE corner of Pierce and Green streets,
137:6x137:6; also lot on portion of block 403
bounded by Kentucky, Mariu, Illinois and Colusa
streets, 4 OOx'/OU: also lot on NW corn.-r of Point
Lobos avenue and 1- 01 ty- third street, W l'JB-8
NE 80, e>E 105:3, a 6.':10, being lot 1; also lot oii
Si: comer of Forty-iourth avenue and A stre-t, S
314;2, SKBS:4, SK MO, W 164:6, being lot 6:
also lot on sw corner of Forty-fourth avenue and
A street, W 83:7, SW 317:6, E 186, N 310:1, be
ing lot 3: 910.
Manning F. Bowes to Minnie E. Bowes, lot on S
line of Pac; ric avenue, 102:6 Eof Scott street, E
;Sf> hy s 87:eV*:Kift
Hear* and Wilhelmina C. Lohmann to Calvin E.
Knlckerbucker, lot on N line of Page street, 181:3
E of Cole, E 25 by N 1:7:6; SlO.
Nellie i-.. and Edward C- Kigney to Edward J.
Vogel, lot on E line of sanehez street, 30 N of Day,
N 27:6 by fcl 80: $10.
Harry C. Uood to Honense N Good, lot on W
liueof Taylor street. 137:6 8 of Sutler, S 28:9 by
W 80; alsa lot on SE coruerof Ellis and uctavla
streets, E 62:6 by S 120; *10.
John K. Moore to Jacob R. Hlbbets, lot on N
corner of Turk and Ijvrkln streets, E »lor.g N line
of Turk street to a point on NW line or Market,
thence at an acute angle SW to Larkln. N to N
corner of lurk aud Larkln and point of beginning
(as recorded), quitclaim deeu; $6
Wll.iamS. Alexander to Katlierine H. Ford, lot
on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 3J6 S of A street,
S 125 by E 120; f 10.
Louis and KoseLipman and London and San
Francisco Bank (limited) to Frank C. Shepard. lot
on N line of I street. 3J:6 W of Ninth aveiine, W
25 by N 100: 810.
Park Hill Homestead Association to A. '.
Frank, lot on E line of South Broderick street,
226:3^. N of Fourteenth, N 50 by E 1)5: $6.
A. L. Frank to Lotta Frankentbal, same: $5.
Annie Mitchell to Louis Daray, lot 011 W line of
Vienna street, 75 N of Brazil, N 3b, N 100. E 25
by S 100, being a portion of block 54, Excelsior
Homestead; SIU.
Mrs. H. A. Blase to Charles McCarthy, lots 3'J,
35 and 36, block 15, Lakevlew, quitclaim deed: f5.
Masonic cemetery Association to John stumpf,
lot 17 in section 31 North Masonic cemetery;
9103.
AI.AMKDA COUNTY.
Malcom Macdonald to Jobu M. Macdonald, lot
on N line of Merrtmac street, 321 X of Telegraph
avenue, E 54 by N 140, Oakland; 810.
11. Leßaron Smith to F.mnia J. Smith, 'ot on X
line of Ho. lls street. 2-6 Sof Park avenue, S5O by
E 125. Oakland lownshtp: f 10.
James L. aud Mary C. Barker to Georire G. Wick
son, lot on s line of Dnrant avenue, 100 W of Tel
egraph, thence along S Urn- of I>uraut 50, thence S
13t>, E 50, N 130 to beginning, being lot 31, block
2, Beaver Tract, Berkeley ; 9100.
Builders' Contracts.
Hally J. Bain with A. Klabn. alterations and
additions to a two-story Xriuna building oa £ line
of Guerrero street, 77 N of Twenty-seventh,
$1182; no arch tect.
«. hiirles T. Parker with Val Franz, to erect a
two-story building on S line of Jackson street, • 10
W of Walnut, $1260: Charles M. Rosseau, archi
tect.
Jockey Club with Alexander Campbell, arrange
sheds, etc.. on racetrack, 51833; Thomas J.
Welsh, architect.
OCEAN STEAMERS
DfitA* of Departure From San FrancUco
• I
Trackee .... Loos Hay Sep. 2s, 2pm Piers*
Arago. .. Coos Bay Se»t2S>.lOAM lierll
Colombia... Portland ...... Sepf.2s.loAM I'ler-'i
Orizaoa . Mexico Sepci>s,loAM Pier 11
Farallon Vaquina Bay. Sept2s. 9am fieri
Pomona.... Humboidtßay aept2B, \.ru Pier 9
-anta Rosa. Kan Ilieiio.. . . Sept26.llAM Pier LI
Umatllla.. . . Vic&PgtSnd Sept- 6. 9AMjPier9
L'lty Sydney Panama. Sepl2B,J'J v ' P M S S
L"oos 8ay.. . . Newport Sepi'JS. Bam Pier II
Weeott tel Kiver...:. >epfj£». 9 ass Pier li
Corona San Dleco. SeptSU.llAM Pierll
Siate oi Cal. Portland ...... .-*ept.i(MUAV j Pier it
Doric China A Japan -epi3o, Hpm P M 89
OUy Puebla Vie P)?t «nd Oct 1, 9am Pier 9
Eureka Newport ...... Uct 2. jam Pier II
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
--TRAMKK | Kl<()H | DUE
Wecott I Eel River S»pt 25
Del None la rays Harbor. Sept -'5
Pomona Hum bold; bay Sept 25
North For* , Ilnniboldl Bay Sent i! 6
Alcairaz Coos Bay '.. ..Sept '26
Coos Hay Newport... Sept -26
City Puebia — Victoria Puget Sound ..Kept 27
Slate or Ca1 .... Portland Bept 527
Corona. Nan Diego. Se; t 28
Sin Bent to Tacoma..... Sept 28
Bonoi. Grays Harbor Sept. "29
Aztec M Honolulu Sept '29
Eureka. j Newport. sept 30
Progressist Departure Bay Sept 30
Truckee ; Coos Bay Oct 1
ban Bias Panama Oct 1
Araso i Coo Bay ; Oct 1
Columbia .' Portland Oct 2
Santa K05a..... San P1e5i0........ Oct 2
Farallon lYaqulnaßar Oct 2
Kkoh
Due
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
IT. S. Coast and Geodetic Sbbvkt Tide")
btji.tktin published by official >-
Authority OF THE supebinte.nbkvt. )
FrlcUv, September 25.
Sun rises 6.01 1 Moon rises... 7.24pm
Sunsets d.Ol|JVloon sets.
September— lB96.
ij Tim. Feet Tim. Feet Time Faei lTlmB Fee|
B4j 1.21 4.7 i U.:sl,
»\ 9.10 4.6 6.5>»
KBi 8.07 4.1 7.24
87 4.22 3.9 7.58
I*B 5.48 "3.9 8.44
29 7.0.1 3.9 9.65
So| 7.50 4.3 11.24
773TT05
2.7 1.02
3.6 1.»7
3.6 1.55
3.8 2.35
3.7 3.37
3.8 6.08
6.6 V.-^lj U8
6.5 s.n-j 0.7
6.5 8.48 0.7
6.5 9.44 0.7
6.4 10.40 0.8
6.3 11.42 l).t)
5.0
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column civei the last tide of the day except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
cbnrts. except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then ihe number given is subtracters
froiu the depth jtlven by r he ciinr;s.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Bbanch Htdrotkaphic Opfick, U. 8. N., ■)
Merchants' Exchanok >-
Sak Fkancisco. September 24. 1898. )
The time ball on 'lelegraoh Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c.. at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at BP. m v Greenwich lime.
J. T. McMillan-,
Assistant- in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
THURSDAY. Benfember 24.
Btmr Mariposa, Hayward, 24 days from Syd
ney, via Honolulu (5 days 20 hours; pass and
mdse. to J I) Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay ami way ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer*
Akmann.
Stmr Point Arena. Strand, 16 hours from
Mendocino and way ports; pass and mdse, to Men
doclno Lumber Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 62 1, j hours fm San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Uoodall, Perkins •&
Co.
Stmr National City. Andresen, 22 hours from
Eureka; yass and lumber, to C A Hooker <fe Co.
Stmr Protection, KUetsen. 21 hours from Usal;
130 ■ ds bark, to I H Ki>uDall.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 62 hours from Cres
cent City, via Trluidad; lumber, etc, to Samuel
Blair.
utmr Pacific Bertelsen, 11 days from Copper
River ballast, to Alaska Packers' Assn.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas. 4 - hours from Coos
Bay: pnss and mdse. to J s Klmball.
Stmr Arago, Keed, 44 hours troru Coos Bay. via
Port Orford M hours; pass and mdse. to Oregon
Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland 21 hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Uoodall. Perkins <fe Co.
Stmr Westport, Jacobs, 18 hours from West
port: 302 eds b.irk, 10 Pollard <fe Dodge.
Hr ship Pytbomene. Me v us and, 90 days from
Mauritius: ballast, to Balfour, Guthrledt Co.
Dv eh ship Nederlaud. lion^. 237 days from
Oirgentl, via Port Stanley 80 days; 302 ii tons
sulphur, to W R 61 ace <fc Co.
Bark A Men Besse. Potter, 30 days from Hono
lulu: Ruear. to J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co.
Schr Archie and Fonue, Colstrup, 48 hoars from
Stewarts Point; wood, bark and posts, to Higgins
<& Collins.
Schr Fanny Adele, Ogilvie, 8 days from Aber
deen; lumber, to s X Slade Lumber Co.
Schr Daisy Rowe. Olsen, 2 days from Bowens
Landing; 155 els bark, to Higgins &Oolltns.
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordling, 29 hours from
Walsh Landing: 70 eds wood, to X A Gil bride <&
Co.
Schr Herman, xcott, 11 days from Neah Bay:
85 otter skins, to Pacific Tradlne Co.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetzel, 72 hours from
Point Arena; 86 eds bark and 2000 r r ties, to
Bender Bros.
Bchr >etue Low. Low. 6 hours from Point
Re3-es: SO dxs butter, to J H Newbauer <b Co.
Schr Conli mza, Weber. 9 days from Nehalem
fiiver; lumber, to S H Harmon Lumber Co.
Schr Mary E Russ, Blum, 10 oays from Port
Gamble: J5O M t lumber and 200 telegrapn
poles, to C A Hooper <fe Co.
Schr O M Kellogß. Iverson, 34 days from San
Marcos Tsland : 500 :oi>» gyp<uui, to Lucas & Co.
Schr Monterey, Beck. 18 hours from Bowens
Landing: 160 Mft lumber, to F Heywood. Oak
land direct.
Cleared.
THURSDAY. September 24.
Stmr Umntilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send ; (joodall, Perkins «fe Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanaimo; RDuns
muir <t Co.
Stmr Columbia, Bolies, Astoria; Oregon Railway
and Nay Co.
Br ship > arradule, Smith, Queenstowu: Balfour,
Outh-ie .t Ca
Brship Jordanhili, Taylor, Dunkirk; Geo W
McXear.
Schr Kate and Anna, Bartels, otter hunting;
Chas Lutjens.
Schr Beulah, Johnson, Klawack; SPT4T Ca
Sailed.
THURSDAY. September 24.
Brstmr Wellington, Salmond, Nanatmo.
Stmr South Coast. Hansen. Eureka.
Sttur Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City. .
Stmr Eureka, Jepson. San Pedro. . ,
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg.
Brship Loch Llnnhe, dimming, Queenstown.
BCBr Etta B. Bourne. Fort Koss.
Schr Emma Utter. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Scbr Beulah, Johnson, Klawack.
Schr Mary Etta, Zaddart.
Schr Kate and Anna. Bartels, otter hunting.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. SeDt. 24—10 p. if.— Weather
hick; wind S; velocity 6 miles.
Charters.
The Haw burk An drew Welch loads mdse for
Honolulu: bktn Irmgard. same voyage: Haw
ship Roderick Dbu, mdse for Hilo; ship Louisiana,
mdse for Sydney: Brsbtp Glenogil, salmon and
mdse at New Westminster for Liverpool: ship
Columbia, coal at Departure Bar for this port.
Wheat charters prior to arrival are: ' Brship
Arm Id a, Europe, 275; Brship Bermuda, Europe.
28s 9d.
The rate of the Valkyrie is 26s 3d— 9d less di
rect-
Spoken.
Sept 3-13 17 26 W , Ger bark J C Glade, from
Liverpool for Honolulu.
Domestic Ports.
BOWENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept 24— Schr
Newark, hence Sept 23. * . ur
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed Sept "*chr
Eclpse, for Eureka. . * " uur
PORT LOS ANGELES -Arrived Sept 34-Stm-
Alcazar, from Greenwood; stmr Mlneola, from
Comox.
Sailed sept 24— stmr Alcazar.
ALBlON— Sailed Sept 24— stmr Scotia, for San
Francisco. .
ASTuRIA-Arnved Sept 24— Br ship JJndls
fane. from Bombay.
EUREKA — Arrived Sept 24-schr J G WalL fm
Santa Barbara. H
-ailed Sept 24-Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco.
Eastern Ports.
fro m E C IS:- ArriVed ; 22 ShIp *»««»■.
Foreign Ports.
orc I h^?o'r U Va^u-v 9 1 r lledAUg 28 " B ' Bh "> '»
mor^rot^yaT!foa ce d s. 28 ~ Br '***- *«?£<
e.ma nf To^Sarf *%}%£*' 22 ~ Bktn Wink
fo^.a V n P^c J ,^o alledSept ; s ' m ' HM Bias,
NENVCASTLE. NSW-Salled Sept 22-Fr bark
P 1 2 rr^ orne '"c, forSanFrancisca
cfr^KiV F^ci^ AUg 81 - BpBhlp Anchen -'
Ml LBOUKNE- Arrived An 8 24-Bark Nonan-
PonßlXiley nCOUVer - 27 - Br bktn Blmac - from
t»n h L^O LTH Arrl ved Sept 23-Br bark Rou
tenbeck. from Liverpool for Honolulu to land In
jured rn'JUnEMJTEIItMtoaUiM
pa^ A U^go 1 ? IVed8 ' Pt 22 - B ' Bhl fri^-
Uc H he^e K Aug°-76 ArrlVed **» "-*< Btmr cop
■ i'ANAMA-Arrlved Sept 13-3lnir City of
Para, hence Ajg 22. J
( Hailed Sept 6— atmr ban Juan, for Manzunl 110.
9— stmr San Blaa for San Francisco. 10— Stmr
Costa Rica, for Cham per ico.
CAPK TOWN -sailed .sept 22— Br ship An
aurus, for Newcas le. NsW.
YOKOHAMA— sailed Kept 18— Brstmr City of
Duhl n. for baa Francisco.
sYDNKY — Arrived Aug 16— Br bark Wool
laiira. from Port Blakeiej-. sept 24 — Ship Ster
line. hpnc- .luiy 31.
NANAlMO— Arrived Sept 20— Br ship Cambus
doon. from Vancouver, to ioad for San Francisco,
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Sept 20— Br stmr Wen
niiipton Ha.l for san Francisco.
NEWCASTLE, N S W— Sailed Auznst 10— Br
ship Port Ix>gan, for san Diego; Brship w'lnde
mere, for -an Francisco. 11— Br ship Rahane, for
san Francisco 12 — Br a ip Grassendale, for San
I rancisco. 16 — French bark Jeanne d'Arc, for
san Francisco: Br ship Peudragon Castle, for san
Francisco. 17— Br ship Krucada c, for San Fran
cisco. 18— Br bark Cloncaird, for San Francisco.
24— Bark Colusa, for Honolulu. 25— Br ship
Travancore, for sa> Francisco: Brship Rhuddian
Cas;le, for San Francisco. J6— Br ship iiuncaster
v ast:e. tor Sau Francisco.
In port— August 31 — Nor ship Andvake. for
Honolulu; B ship Anglesey, for San Francisco;
Br ship Ardencraite. for San Francisco: Brship
Clirysomene, ior -an Frnncisco; By bark l-.din
burghshire, ior Oregon: Br ship Hi-ldekci, for San
Francisco: Br ship James Kerr. for San Francisco:
Br slr.p Lan.dale, for San Fraiuisco; Br ship Lis
more, for sari Francisco: Brship .Mount Carmel,
for San Dle K o; Br ship Rathdown, for San x- ran
cisco: Br i vr < Snowden. for Ho olulu.
Chartered to load a: Newcastle, N S W— Br ship
J-.uckhurst, fur san Francisco: Br 'hip 1 ity of
Jladras. ior >an Francisco; Br ship Buchalburn,
for tnin rrancucot Nor bark Fatnasi, for Hono
lulu; b:.rk lieo l- >ians n. for San Francisco; bark
Les Adelphes, tor San Fraiicis-co: lirship Leicester
Ca tie. for Sun Francisco: schr Loul», ior II no
lnlu: tiktn Newsboy, forHono.ulu: schr Novelty,
lor Honolulu; Br ship Pendeen, Vt san Fran
cisc; senr Robert I-.w.is, ot Honolulu. Br bark
Samoa, for Honolulu; Nor bark Whie Rose, for
Honoiulu.
SYDNEY — Sailed August 4— Br ship Cromarty
shire, for San Francisco, 13— Br ship Blairgowrie,
for San Francisco. 25-Br ship Miltiades, ior San
Jbrancisco. 20— Nor hark stjorn. for san Fran
cisco; Br ship Laurelbank, for San Francisco.
in port— August 31- Br ship Arctic Stream, for
San Francisco; Br ship Drumalis, for -an F'raa
cis<-o; Br ship Foils of Hali«dale, for Sa.i Fran
cisco; Br ship Halewood, for Sa;i Francisco: Haw
ship Hawaiian Isles, for San Francisco: Brship
Largo Law, for San Francisco: Fr bark Les
Adelphes, for San Francisco via Newcastle, »NS
W; Br ship Hawksdale, for San Francisco (ia
ballast).
Movements of Trana-AtUntio Steamers.
NKW YORK— Arrived Sept 24— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool and Queenstown.
sa:l-d Sept 24— stmr Columbia, ior Hamburg.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived out bept 24-Stmr
Brlianmc.
C HKR BO URG— Arrived out Sept 24— Stmr
Fuerst Bismarck.
BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out *ept 24— Stmr
Trave.
NAPLES— Arrived out Sept 24— Simr Kaiser
Wiih-lm 11.
BOULOGkNE-Salled. Sept 84— Stmr Amster
dam, ior New York.
LONDON— Arrived out Sept 24— Stmr Mobile.
Sailed Sept 24— Stmr Mohawk, for New \ork.
Importations.
PORT HARFORD-Per santa Rosa-2 coops
poultry, -2 dressed calves, 6 coops chickens, 27
odls iildws and pel s. 3 pkgs mdse. 1 sk peanuts, 1
sk nuts, 1 bx cheese, 10 bxs pears. 201 bxs apples,
1 c 3 -tiiu.it;, 1 keg 9 bxs but'.er, 26 cs eggs, 2 bbls 11
bxs fish.
Santa Barbara— l sk walnuts, 1 bx hardware, 4
bxs (isn, 20 bxs lemons, 14 sks crawfish, 177 bdls
hides and pelts. 3 pkgs mdse.
PC Ry statlons-364 sks wheat, 70 sks corn,
615 L sks barley. 2-kb sks oats. 61 sks flax, 1 box
shells, 707 sks bit rock, 187 sks beans.
Arroyo tirande— loos sks barley.
Los Herroi— 2ls sks oats.
Nil omo— lo2 sks Max, Jos sks wheat.
Los Alamos— 4 J7 sks barley.
Santa .Maria— ll2o sks barley, 388 sks corn, 649
sks outs.
Los 01iv05— 3263 sks wheat.
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 23 bdls hose,
4 pkus mdse, 77 cs syrup, 400 cs oysters.
Redondo— 30 bxs lemons, 87 bxs raisins, 1 sic
beeswax, 3 pkss muse, 18 puncheons wlue.
Los Angeles via Redontlo— l3 cs pieties, 3 bxs
26 ca Hindi ines, 4 cs type.
saa Dieso— ,;6S pku'a mdse. 3 cs seed, 30 bdls
ground coffee, 11 bxs oranges. 2 sks beeswax, 1 cs
honey, 7 ptgs dry fish, 1 coil copper wire, i 1 bxs
limes. 92 sks abalone shells, 239 bxs lemons, 28
pkirs sundries.
HONOLULU-Per Alden Besse— 2l,2ll bags
sugar.
SANTA CRUZ -Per Gipsy— 2 bxs apples, 25
rolls leather, 40 bxs pears. U bxs butter. 600 bbls
lime, 4 cs cheese.
.Monterey— 2 cs cheese.
31 s, landing— l bx butter, 1903 sks barley,
1579 sks potatoes.
Pigeon Point— B4 bxs cheese. 13 bxs apples, 5S
sks beans.
POUT ORFORD— Per Arago— 2 horses, 25 kegs
20 bxs hurter, 24 calves, 14 steers, 1 bx mdse, 2
aks wood, 1 hide, 3 pkus hardware,2 pkgs express.
Coos Bay— 72s tons coai, 40 bxs butter. 1 box
seed. 2.< cs cheese, 9 rolls leather. 59 bdls hides, 2
bxs cigan, 25 eds wood, 6 chests express, 2 sks
com.
COOS BAY- Per Truckee-436 tons coal, 6 bis
flannels, -S JI it lumber, 43 bxs butler, 26 bxa
cheese, 1 household koo'ls.
MENDOCINO— Per Point Arena— 4 pkgs mdse,
Ics coffee. 2 empty tanks, 1 ox batier. 30 il ft
lumber.
Point Arena— lS sks oilcake meal, 6 bbls 2 flrkns
42 bxs butler. 6 cs encs, '& dreased hogs, 7» bides,
9 bxs bei rles, 1 cs mdse, 30 sks peas, 3 sks tails,
20 cs household goo-ls,
YAQfINA BAY — Per Farallon — 1654 sks
wheat, 562 sks oats 1020 qr sks flour, 162 bales
do, Uu2 sks bark, 16 coops chickens, 33 cs eggs,
31 bus hides 2 do, 1 bx iurs, 3 coops chickens, 4
bxs groceries, 10 M feet lumner, 1 bbl sa mon,
201 cs do, 7 ion> stone, 7 empty tanks, 1 bx in:l
linery, 1 bale c oth, 1 bale personal effects, 16 rolls
leather, 6eml ty carboys, 1 piano, 1 sk twine, 1
bbl baking powder, 3 bxs extrac:, 12 bbls balsam,
32 >K3 oy.s-.ers.
Coos Bay— 7 pkgs spice, 2 oil tanks, 7 bales flan
nels.
From Port Ordford— 4 bxs butter, 1 bale hides.
From Eureka— l cs mnse. 1 cs tobacco, 16 bdls
hides 8 pkes personal effects, 62 nieces boilers
etc, 51 pkgs household goods.
SYDNKY— Per Mariposa — 85 cs sovereigns
value £425,000; 2 horses. 14 empty cylinders, 662
skß ore, 20 drums glycerine, 148 ingots tin, 17t>
bU furs, 23 pkgs old wrappers, 2 cs seeds, 2 cs
books, 1 cs leather, 1 cs plated ware.
Auckland— BB sks seed, 5 sks coffee, 100 pkgs
theatrical scenery.
Honolulu— 29s2 sks sugar, 918 bnchs bananas.
319 cr pineapples.
Consignees.
Per Arago— J Schoenfeid; Hilmer. Bredhof &
Schulz; Dodge, Sweeney <fe Co; Getz Bros ctt'o-
FBHauht; Trlest&Co: Hulme «fc Hart; S H
Frank & Co; Smith's Cash Siore; Wells, Fareo &
Co: Dae iJernardi &Co: H Kirchman A Co: Mar
shall. Teggart <&CO; Thomas Loughran; J C John
son <fc Co; Farnsworth & Uuggles; Otto Schroeder;
l.owenberg & Co; Lane «fc Connelly; J W Wielaud
Brewery; Oregon Coat <fc Nay Ca
Per Point Arena— Captain Nelson: J M Jared-
AW Kinir: Mack & Co; Lievre, Fricke & Co; El
Dorado Linseed Co; Standard Oil Co: W hea:on,
Breon A Co; Mendocino Lumber Co; Ross & Hew
lett; Dennlson & Wilson; Dairymen's Union; Rob
erts & Tuft; Russ. Sanders & Co: Wetmore Bros;
Smith's Cash store: Bailard <fc Hall; Wueaton;
Breon & Co; L Redemeyer; RholrTs & OerdOD; (J
31 Meese; Martin, Feusler <fc Co; W B Sumner
<fc Co.
Per OlDsy— Standard OU Co : Gray & Barbieri; W
R Larzelere; Western Meat Co: C Carpy <fc Co:
Enterprise Brewery: Wieland Brewing Co: Union
Ice Co: Cal Bottling Co: W F.Mitchell: H Dutard;
Herman Joost; Moore, Ferguson <SCo: H Hamm
er: Dalton Bros: Wolf* Sou; B. Cow.-H <fe Co :
Thomas Lough ran; Wheaton, Brton <JkCo; Kron
Tanning Co: Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Geo btarr
*»-o: Dairymen's Union; Norton, Teller <fcCo;
A \V Fink & Co: Kron Tanning Co.
Per Alden Besse— J D Sprec&els & BrO3 Co; M 3
Grin ban m.
Per Truckee— J D Spreckels & Bros Co: H H
SattlerACo: Simpson Lumber Co: Hills Bros;
Wiel«nd Brewing Co; Marshall, Teggart A Co;
De Bernardl <fe Co: Bandou Woolen-mills.
Per Mariposa— J D SprecKels & Bros Co: Lon
don, Paris and American Bank; Anglo-Cai Bank;
Wells, Fargo d: Co; Willamette Pulp and Paper
Co; HH herger&Co: W Laidley & Co; DHa 11
-day. .\m iype Co: J D Spreckels & Bros Co;
Stewart & Co; Jl Yarn vales; Wetmore Bros; J
Ivancovich & Co; H S Pratt; Tong Wo & Co; T
L Slug & Co,
Per Farallon — Moore, Ferguson <& Co: J P
Thomas & Co: W C Price &io; Wellman. Peck &
Co; Allen <fe i.ewis: C J Leist & Co; Allen & Hiij
ginB: J D McGilvray; H Levi & Co: Russ.
en<kUo; 1-. it Sievens & Co; R L Toplitz; Cuaa
Jacobson & Co; P Oreenberg <fe Co: A B Thomas;
Brown & Adams; -Mutter & Co; California Chem
ical Wonts: Kohier A; Clia.se; G A Clark <fc Bro;
Lievre, Fricke & Co; Mau, baddler «& Co; Slillman
& Fulton; E J Bowen & Lo; D E Allison <fc Co;
Morgan Oyster ( o; Standard Oil Co; Chas Lutsen;
sj Bryan; Bandon Woo.en-mlll Co; F B Haight
& Co; Dodue, Sweeney & Co; Legal. et <fc Hellwlg;
sunset sat Co; H.irroid Bros; Bissin*er A Co: J
Loff/alhart; santa Rosa Lumber Co; SG i-alli.
Per Santa Kosa— blusheimer Bros; H Dutard:
Erlanger A Galinger; Pacific Paving Co; Jouas
KrlaiiKer A Co: southern Pacific Milling Co; S
Sllverberg; Chas Tetzen; American Union Fish
Co: G lamitlom: Pacific Coast Fish Co: J B
lngulia; U Camilloui; H Xi chman; Wheat on,
Breon A Co: Milwaukee Brewery: Kuffa o lirew
ery; Knterpriie Breworv; San Francisco Brewery:
Jonas i Co; L <.; sri-sovlch; Wm F Mi:chell;
Dodse, s-.veeney A Co; L Bonnusl: Caiiiornia
Bottling Co; Stone A Co: Bissinger A Co; L D
Ston- A Co; B G Ruhl A Co; Marshall
A Co; Hilmer, B-edhoff A Co; H Heck
man A Co: Russ Sanders <k Cv;
Htlmer, Bredi;o» A schultz; J H Caij.fcCo; II
Heckman; Western Meat Co; Labor Exchange;
John Ross; J P Thomas: Dunham, Carriunan dfc
Co; Wilson Bros: A Paladlni: Milan! ACo: Long
Syrup Co: Viking Brewery ; Haas Bros: Osmund,
Shin- A CO! Dalton Bns: l.».c.iiiian A Jacobt;
Kavanaugh A Co; Biho, Newnmn A ißenberg;
Amer I'ress Assn; S F Chronicle; Wi co.x <S <;ibbs;
Krappoli A Co; enterprise Brewery; S 1' Brew
eries; C E Whitney A Co; <J B Smith A< o; Wilson
ABuechtel; Ross A Hewlett ; Castle Bros: Neu.
stad.er Bros: Revere lUibber Co; Washburn.
Moen Mfg Co; A W Bur-ess; W T Bweet; S H
Tyler A son; James ?cott: Wetmore Bros; Wolf
A sons: -\dams A Son; KJ Kowe.i A Co: Hoff
man A Bothschlld; NeuDurger, Bei3sACo;HO
Groenhood.
Per Rivai— Simpson Lumber Co; Gray A Mitch
ell: Bredhoff A schultz;Cu.ilfornla Bottlln^Workt;
Docige. Swneeey & <■ o; Getz Bros ACo; Thomas
Loughran: C E Whltnev A Up.
TELEPHONE MAIN 871
MAX BROOKS & CO.,
BROKERS, 329 s^I T
CHICAGO GRAIN AND PROVISIONS.
NEW YORK STOCKS and BONDS.
/CONTINUOUS QUOTATIONS OVER OUR
\J OWN PRIVATE WIRE. . /
Uraln-1000 Bushels I Railway stocks—
and upward, \ 10 Shares and upward,
. ■ . ■ - -Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
BURIED BENEATH
ACACIA SPRIGS
Funeral of Sir Knight E.
H. Pardee of Oakland
Commandery.
HELPED TO BUILD A CITY
Labored for Thirty Years to
Help Make Mankind
Better.
FRIENDS CROWD THE TEMPLE.
Many Mourners Follow Pioneer Win
ton to His Tomb in Haywards
Cemetery.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway. Sept. 24. J
When Past Master N. W. Spaulding de
livered the eulogy this afternoon at the
head of the bier on which lay the remains
of Dr. E. H. Pardee, there was gathered
around the most truly representative body
of people, both men and women, that the
Masonic Hall ever accommodated.
The ceremony was carried out with all
the mystic and suggestively beautiful
rites of the Masonic order. Alameda
Chapter, R. A. M., and Oakland Com
mandery, K. T., were present^ but large
as was the number it constituted but a
small portion of the va-t crowd that as
sembled to take the iast look at the man
v\no has figured so prominently in this
community for forty years.
In the dimly lighted rhamber the Sir
Knights stood around the casket w..ile
\Vor>hipful Master Gilbert Daniels nave
the word to the quartet and "Our Days
Are as a Shadow" was expressively sung.
Rev. Dr. McLean spoke of his personal
knowledge of the value of the deceased in
t is city. "He has beer, a shaker an I de
veloper oi the city of Oakland for more
than a quarter of a century. In the early
part of his life he aided materially to build
the city. There can be no more attractive
life than to have a share in the buildinz of
a city. While a Coanci.m. n his integrity,
honesty and fearlessness asserted them
selves, and during his terms of office as
Mayor bis influence was all directed
toward improvement. He was literally
an opener oi Dlinu eyes, the bring* r bat k
of sight :o many who ban ios-t :his price
less boon of sight to the afflicted."
N. W. Spaulding, past master of the or
der, then delivered a tribute to t e worth
of the late Mason.
The pallbearers were N. W. Spaulding
•nd C. B. Rutherford from Oakland Lodge,'
George Patterson and Solomon Lathrop
from Oakland Commandery, J. F. T .wle
and C. K. Marshall from tne City Council,
H. B. Rand and Albert Shorey from the
Police Department. The casKet was placed
in the Tubbs vault in Mountain View
Cemetery.
COWS WON'T BE KILLED
The Tuberculin Test Ordinance
Vetoed by the Mayor
of Oakland.
Davie Speaks From Eiperi a nce Re
garding Wild Oats and Foxtails
in Cows' Throats.
OAKLAND. Cal., Sept. 24.— The or
dinance providing for a tuberculin test of
all dairy cattle was vetoed by Mayor Davie
to-day, vtbo said in bis message to the
Council:
"I did not fully believe in the test and
was not convinced by any means by the
post-mortem held on Dr. Wheeler's cow.
Foxtails and wild oa» heads will cause
the same throat trouble which was found
in the victim lor autopsy. I know this
Irom practical experience.
"If this te-t law is necessary it should
be enacted by the State Legislature, and
to post one it until next winter will
cause but little if any harm.
"By having the State act the City would
probably avoid all expense fqr a commis
sion should it be appointed to make the
lest. The dairymen will surely complain
if the law is enacted, and suits lor
damages will be the result. It is just as
well to have them brought against the
State as to have Oakland the party de
fendant."
FAVOR GOOD ROADS.
Association in Alameda County Learns
How to Sprinkle at Slight
Expense.
OAKLAND, Cal., Bept. 24.— The an
nual meeting of the Good Roads Asso
ciation of Alameda County was held at
the Reliance Athletic Club rooms last
night, and it pledged its hearty support to
the Supervisorial candidates who will an
nounce themselves in sympathy with the
good-roads nmvement and promise, il
elected, to use their best efforts to secure
reforms proposed by the State Bureau of
Highway Commissioners.
The annual election resulted in the se
lection oi E. B. Jerome, president; Beth
Mann, vice-president; J. D. GaMoway, sec
retary. The executive commitiee, which
has served so faithfully the past year, was
unanimously re-elected.
The announcement was made of a di«
covery in road sprinkling. It was that
uprinkiing with a solution of chloride
of ca.cium will make a crust which will
not dry out, bo that two or three sprink
lings a month are as good as daily
sprinklings with ordinary water.
C'Bai h'.-. STATF.
The Business Firm la to Be Allowed to
Run Two Tears.:
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 24.— The will of
the late John H. O'Brien has been filed
for probate by the widow, Louise F.
O'Brien. It is dated January 20, 1896, and
is in the testator's writing and not wit
nessed. The estate is valued at $60,000,
consisting of real estate in Alameda, San
Joaquin and Stanislaus . counties and a
half interest in the business of W. M.
Watson & Co., liquor dealers m this city.
He bequeaths $2000 to a sister in New
Jersey and his personal jewelry to is
dauehter, My rah, and adds: "I purposely
omit leaving her any property. I*» ow
her mother will provide lor h«r. .The
balance of the estate is left to the widow.
It is directed that the business be con- !
tinned for two years if agreeable to both !
parties. b
WILL NOT MARRY.
Result of a Mother's Appeal to the
Courts to Secure Her Young
Daughter.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 24.— Little, co
quettish, black-eyed Anna Julia Furtado,
the 14-year-old child whose mother ob
jects to her marrying a man three times
her age, w;ll not do so until the matter of
her guardianship is settled, October 15, or
at least that was the pledge of her attor
ney to-day when the return was made
upon the writ of habeas corpus sued out
by Maria J. Furta \o against Manuel
Azeredo and wife requiring them to pro
duce the child in court.
The attorney for Azeredo claimed the
child was not restrained, but remained
with the iamily out ot choice. The court
refused to act on this showing. The
Society fcr Prevention of Cruelty to Chil
dren, however, held thut there was an
effort being made to get the child out of
the jurisdiction of the court and marry her
to this man', who was paying the family to
get her for him. On this they held it was
a case in which the court should interfere.
The matter went over until October 5.
A Big Kailruad Transfer.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 24. —F. M.
Smith, the Borax King, is expected hom«>
from his Eurooean trip next Monday, and
with his arrival a deal of huge dimensions,
it ia said, will be consummated. It is no
less than the transferring cuf all his rail
road interests of this city to the Syndicate
Investment Company.
Mr. Smith started in a few years ago to
pain control of the city's entire streetcar
lines and came near to succeeding. He is
now owner of the Oakland Coiiboli'dated
line, with all of its tranche s and allies,
and the Calilornia and Isevada line. He
is a member of the Investm nt Company
and will still have a hand in its manage
ment. The other members of t lie com
pany are W. J. Dingee, E. A. Heron, W.
G. Henshaw and Hiram Tubbs.
THEY WANT PROTECTION
Berkeley Merchants Will Have
Their Business Rights
Preserved.
Teats to Acconm jitt 925 Students
Will Fie Set Up on the
Bfrkehy Campus.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 24. — The
Board oi Town Trustees at their meeting
last evening passed to print an ordinance
placing a license" tax of |100 a quarter
upon solicitors' or delivery wagons run
| ning into Berkeley from out-of-town
I places. The license was placed at this
• high figure through a petition of the Mer
' chants' Protective Association, and is de
signed to be practically prohibitory. It
will go into effect in about two weeks,
when it will be finally passed.
About half the retail business of the
town has been f oing to Oakland and the
merchants i.ere have suffe.ed quite
materially.
Will Have Three Tents.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept, 23.— Three
tents will be immediately pitched on the
university grounds tor the accommodation
oi the overflow classes. One will seat 500
students, another 300 and the third 125.
The contract for making the tents will be
let as soon as practicable. "They will be
properly heated, ventilated and lighted,"
said Regent Mar; in, "and will be made to
act aa a very good substitute for house
room until other buildings are erected."
Cadet Company.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 24. — The
Berk icy branch oi the League of the
Cross is about to form a cadet company.
Tiie requisite number coming under the
rule has already been enrolled. T.ie
Berkeley branch, was organized last April.
The first rally was held Sunday, Septem
ber 6.
The City Salaries.'
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 24.— The City
Council has decided not to reduce salaries
by resolution, but to have an ordinance
drawn fixing the salary of every officer
under its control. In this way the reduc
tions anticipated will be staved off several
weeks longer.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told In
Brief v bapter*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, J
908 Broadway, Sept. 24. j
The City Council proposes to honor and per
petuate the name of the late Councilman J. R.
Capell by naming a street after him.
A petition of creditors of 8. Lathrop and J.
E. Warner, jewelers, asks they be declared in
solvent and a receiver appointed.
The Rev. J. R. Wolfe of Livermore, who suc
ceeds the Rev. Mr. Henderson as pastor of the
Methodist Church, has taken up his residence
at Golden Gate. i
The Rev. C. C. Herrlott, a Presbyterian min
ister of St Paul, Minn.-, is conducting a series
of services in the South Berkeley Hall. More
than usual interest is taken in the meetings.
The National Base Ore Reduction Company's
Works at Shell Mound neve been attached by
the employes, some $500 being owed to them
for services rendered. Charles Taynton, one
of the emp.oyes, has been placed as keeper.
Ira Bishop of the Piedmont Cable Company
has consented to lower the tracks laid by his
company on Washington street, between Sev
enth and Fourteenth. As the tracks are now
laid they are not on a level with the grade of
Washington street. . .
The Seventh Ward Republican Club will
hold a business meeting Friday evening, when
it will make arrangements for attending the
great rally on Saturday evening.
The Divoroe Courts.
Judge Hunt yesterday granted a divorce to
Frances Kupfer from F. J. Kupfer, because of
the latter's habitual intemperance. The
plah.tiff was allowed to resume her maiden
name, Frances McMasters.
Kupfer is a druggist who, it was testified,
has several times been set up in business by his
wife and her relatives. He, however, was always
unable to succeed by. reason of his love lor In
toxicants. His wife claims that he lost over
$5000 for her.
Judge Seawell divorced £. Af. Ratto from
Colombo Rotto on the grounds oi desertion.
The custody of the minor children and $20 a
monih alimony was awarded the plaintiff.
Judge Hebbsrd granted a divorce to Florence
H. Shannon from L. c. Shannon, because of
the latter's wll.ful neglect ana desertion. She
was allowed to resume her maiden name,
Florence H. Lynn.
Warren KngiUh Resigns.
As announced In The Call a few days ago
Wf|iren £. English, Democratic candidate
o "congress from the Third District, baa ten
der ed his resignation as Collector of the Sub-
Port of Oakland. In spite of this, however,
there has not been a single app icution ft£ the
job, though there is a salary ot $2500 attached
to it It is well known that the office wag
created for the man. and it is not presumed
that it will be given out until Mr. English
knows whether he is to have a seat in Con
gress. In Federal circles It 1* generally con
ceded that s-iiouid he win out the department
will order th« office abolished. Only two ves
sels have entered the port of Oakland.
Young Choynski'ft Trouble-
Young Choynski, who was matched to fight
Young Corbett at Reno, Nev., on the 22d of
this month, says that the dl.xj.atch sen! irom
Reno by Young Corbett is false, inasmuch as
lie was willing to fignt if the attendance at the
ring had Justified his entry. But w*th twenty-
Beven person* In the hou-e mid only 42}£ prr
c-nt for the winner and 2"J.£ for the loner he
declined, as the remuneration was inadequate
lor the punishment he would receive.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
WHY EARL STOOD
UP FOR MAUTALEN
Did Not Wish to See a Bolt
From the County
Convention.
A NEW PLAN BLOCKED.
Evans' Desire to Bs Indorsed
Prevented Change in the
Committee.
KEEN FIGHT FOR CONTROL.
Leavitt's Contest in the Forty-Eighth
District Looks Particularly
Roseate.
Oaklakd OrncE San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Sept. 24. \
The strucgle for the control of the
County Committee is the chief matter of
One of These Men "Will Be the Next Chairman of the Alameda County Central Republican
Committee.
interest at this time among Republican
politicians. The stand taken at the con
vention by Senator Earl in the interest of
Charles Mautalen of the Sixth Ward has
complicated matters, as Earl was most
decidedly an anti-Mautalen man ail
through the past two years, during which
time Mautalen has been chairman of the
County Committee.
It was made known to-day that whole
sale changes in the County Committee
were contemplated, but they w^re blocked
by J. W. Evans of the Seventh Ward. It
was proposed to put in the committee
William G. Henshaw of the Seventh, Vic
tor H. Metcalf of the Fifth and W. H.
Cnickering of the Third. Tdese men
would have been a to»er of strength to
tiie committee, as all are influential suc
cessful business men of suci financial
standing that under no circumstances
would politics be anything but a second
ary consideration to them, not one of
them • ever having shown a desire for
office. This plan, however, was prevented
by Mr. Evans, who said: "I am anxious
to succeed myself on the committee. I
have taken a definite stand during the
past two years, and I want to have an
otner term as an indorsement, if nothing
else, of my past record." Evans was
elected from the Seventh and the changes
were not made.
When the convention by a narrow
majority refused to indorse Chairman
Mautalen there was every npperrance of a
deadlock, and Senator Earl came to the
rescue.
"Something had to be done," said the
Senator, to-day, "and I feared that if .the
Sixth Ward's choice was not indorsed they
would bolt the convention. That would
have complicated matters very seriously,
and would have resulted in two years
more of quarreling, such as we have had
in the past. At this time there is more
harmony in the Republican party in this
county than we have had for a long time,
and I did not want to see anybody walk
oat of the convention. Concessions had
been made from all parties, and it would
nave been very foolish to have ended in an
uproar. I have been roundly abused for
my speech which harmonized the conven
tion, but that is the fate of a man who
goes to a convention.
F. J. Fletta, Town Trustee of Alameda,
and J. W. Evans are the candidates of the
new County Committee, which meets on
Saturday. The members ot the old com
mittee are in favor of Fletta, while the
new members want Evans, and the fate of
each is in doubt.
The disagreement among the fusion
people in the Forty-eighth Assembly Dis
trict has made it practically certain that
F. W. Leavitt, the Republican nominee,
will have a walk-over. The Democrats,
who were given that district by the Popu
lists, put up Hiram Luttrell and W. A.
Ralston. As neither could get the nomi
nation M. J. O'Gara was substituted, and
now there is confusion all around and
knives are being sharpened on all sides.
Tnomas Pearson, an independent colored
candidate, is the only other man in the
fight. >
Died From Kip nure.
PLEASANTON, Cal., Sept. 24.— The in
quest in the case of Antonio Garcia, the
Indian found dead on the steps of Jacob
Schwartz's house, broug it out the fact
that he had been on a protracted spree,
and that death resulted irom congestion
of the lungs caused by exposure. When
Schwartz was questioned by the Coroner
how be came with some scratches on his
face he refused to answer. The Coroner
committed him to a constable for con
tempt, and he then confessed [bat they
were .he result of differences between him
and his wife, lie wts then released.
A Merciful Judge
Albert Sweet Is a lucky b or. A week ago he
stabbed Joe Rowan, a schoolboy, In the back
with a pocket-knife, and on Wednesday Judge
Cfimpbell dismissed the case, as it was shown
that Rowan first slapped Sweet in the face.
Yesterday Albert again appeared before the
Judge on a charge of stealing a pair of shoes
from a store on Kearny street. The Judge was
aßain merciful, and sentenced him to stay a
week in the City Prison.
♦ — » *
OLYMPIC CLUB OFFICERS
Committee* That Were Appointed b>
the New Directors at Last
Night's Sleeting.
The pew board of directois of the
Olympic Club met for the first time last
evening, and President G. Newhall stated
that he found the financial condition of
the club much better t an was reported.
The directors appropriated $1000 for
football. The house committee was voted
The matter of outdoor grounds was re
ferred to the outdoor committee with
power to act. Changes will be made in
the Darber-shop and coat department of
the club. The barber's rooms will be re
moved from the second floor to the ground
floor. This was done on special request.
The following committees were ap
pointed:
Outdoor athletic committee — C. P. Morse
captaiu, A. C. Foray th, H. P. Taylor.
Membership committee — M. 8. Latham, A. C.
Forcyth, T. P. McLennan.
Social oommitt. t — Joseph P. Kelly, M. S.
Latham, H. J. Crocker.
Advisory board— Thomas Magee Jr.. F. J.
Devlin, L. Adams Jr.. George T. Folsom, 8. V.
CassHdy, H. Kopenstine, O. Tolle, Thomas"
Church, S. J. Buckbee, A. Wp* r, CM. Gunn,
Dr. Ma-sgie. John W. Burden, J. X. Duwiti, E.
Unger, F. Jerome, T. 11. Kerrigan, T. H. Keys,
James Mullen, A. C Thorn ion.
Representatives to Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation—T. a. liallache, W. P. Humphreys.
Finance committee— H. J. Crocker, J. OB.
Gunn, H. B. Kuss.
House comm:ttee— F. P. McLennan (chair
man). J. OB. Gunn.
Indoor aihletic committee— H. B. Taylor,
Joseph P. Kelly.
IN THE MOTHER TONGUE
German Citiz?ns to Don Burnt
Cork and Sing for
Charity.
The Finance Committee Report on
the Cost of the Con
vention-
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 24. — A novel
entertainment will be given by the Verein
Germania to-morrow evening. The nov
elty consists of burnt-cork specialties in
the German language.- Al Kaeklerwill be
the interlocutor, and Max Harwicski will
rattle the bones. The programme will be
given first in German and then in English.
Coat of the Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 24.— The report
of the finance committee of the Alameda
Republican Club shows the total cost of
the late convention to have been $135,
including secretaries, hall, decorating,
band, etc. The club has made prepara
tions for several big rallies to be held soon,
and are endeavoring to secure John P.
Jackson for the principal speaker at their
first gathering.
Slake More Money.
ALAMEDA, Cat,., Sept. 24.— The ladies
of the Park-street M. E. Church, who
made such a harvest by feeding the dele-
Kates to the late convention, gave another
dinner to-night, which was largely
patronized.
Stepped Off a Running Car.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 24.— 1n making
an attempt to get off a moving electric
car Mrs. P. B. Dinsmore ot 1518 Lafayette
street was thrown violently to the ground
to-day ana knocked unconscious. She
was carried into a residence, where she
was cared for, and afterward taken home.
Captain Barrett's Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 24.— At 3 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon, at the family resi
dence, 2057 Alameda avenue, will occur
the funeral of Captain Addison Barrett,
the Rev. F. 8. Brush of the First Presby
terian Church officiating. A detachment
of officers from the quartermaster's de
partment at the Pre-idio, San Francisco,
will act as pall-bearers. The remains will
be taken to his brother's in Wisconsin.
Gifts for the Poor.
A pretty donation party was given last night
at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. George R.
Armstrong, 2 210 Webster street. Every one
was expected to bring npound of goods. The
materials donated were all for a destitute
family in need of the necessarie* of life. To
Judge from the pie of groceries that accumu
lated as the guests bn ugnt in their gitts it
will be some time before the family knows pri
vation again. There were over 200 guests
present.
Father Yorke'a Next Lecture.
"The Growth of the Upns Tree, or the A. P.
A.," the subject of the fifth lecture of the
series, will be given by Rev. Peter C. Yorke
next Monday evening, September 28, in' the
Metropolitan Hall, under tun auspices of the
American Women's Liberal League.
Mary Bock man on Trial.
Mary Bockman is on trial before Judge Bahrs
on a charge of murder. Bhe is said to have
caused the death oi a young Woman by a
criminal operation.
Aggie Abbott Convicted.
Aggie Abbott was yesterday convicted of
grand iarceny. She stole a watch and chain
from John Ellis on August 17 last. Sue will
be sentenced on Saturday.
MONTEITH FILED
HIS CERTIFICATE
Had to Chase His Men All
Over the Sliasty County-
Brush.
KILLED A RATTLESNAKE
Populists in the First District
Complaining About the
Funds.
MONEY PAID FOR DEMOCRATS.
F rmers Who Work Hard Think of
Wardall and Bosh Living en the
Fdt of the Land.
There were long faces yesterday in the
headquarters of the Democrats and the
People's party when it •was learned that
George W. Monteith had filed his certifi-
cate of nomination as the People's party
candidate from the First Congressional
District with the Secretary of State.
The placing of Mr. Monteith's name on
the ticket as the candidate of the People's
party, speaking through the Congressional
District Convention, will oblige the Secre
tary of State to place Mr. Cutler's name
on the ticket as a Democrat only, instead
of as a Democrat and Populist, as the
managers of the fusion job intended, be
cause the election law provides that two
candidates cannot be nominated by the
same political party for the same office.
Mr. Monteith did not secure his certifi
cate without considerable trouble, the
Democratic and Populist iobbers having
resorted to almost every expedient to keep
it from him.
Wednesday was the last day allowed by
law for the filing of certificates of candi
dates whose nominations by party con
ventions have to be certified to the Secre
tary of State.
Chairman Alford of the Democratic
State Central Committee personally at
tended to the filing of the certifi
cates of his party. He a!so filed the
resignation of Candidate Maddux, the
nominee of the Democracy for Congress
from the Seventh District. Mr. Maddux
had been very determined not to be re
moved by the fusion managers and posed
for a time as a man standing on principle,
but he was evidently cajoled or whipped
into line, for he came off his tall horst and
obediently swallowed the party pro
gramme.
This leaves Messrs. Monteith, Mc-
Ghishan and Kelly alone standing out,
Mr. Kelly had his certificate on file some
time ago and McGlashan's came in late
last week, but Monteitb's had not ap
peared and Chairman Alford smiled a
knowing smile as his attention was called
to the absence of Monteith's document,
Monteith had been apprised of the at
tempt to keep his name off the ticket, and
he quietly slipped away from town last
Monday night and dropped in on the
enemy at Redding early on Tuesday
morning. It was necessary that his cer
tificate ot nomination should be signed by
Joseph Bell, chairman, and John C. Mur
phy, secretary, of the First Congressional
District Convention, and both those gen
tlemen reside in Shasta County.
When Monteith boarded tun train last
Monday night he found Chairman Alford
among his fellow-passengers. Alford was
easily thrown off the track and Monteith
was enabled to reach Redding without
attracting the attention of the enemy.
He found Mr. Bell home sick in bed
and Mr. Bell executed the instrument
There was no Notary Public in the neigh
borhood and . the nearest Justice of the
Peace was c. opping wood seven or eight
miles away in the direction of Mount
Shasta. Monteith tramped through the
chaparral and manzanita brush, stepped
accidentally upon a rattlesnake and
crushed the life out of it, relieved the per
spiring Judge of bis ax and brought him
to Judize Bell's house, where the certifi
cate was duly acknowledged. Murphy
was found in Redding, and he could find
no way out of it except to sign the docu
ment, which he did.
In speaking of his candidacy Mr. Mon
teith said:
My position is not one of obstinacy, self-will,
nor "personal ambition, bat is simply because
I believe ttiat it is a duty to the Populist party,
under the peculiar circumstances existing iv
this case, to remain. A union of forces fairly
entered into would have met with my appro
bation, even though I had been obliged to sac
rifice my own candidacy, but the present .u
-slon scheme is not only unfair and unjust, but
it is simply a partol a prearranged programme
engineered by the railroad company in combi
nation with an arrangement made between
Thomas V. Cator and Stephen M. White to
sacrifice every material interest of the rank
and tile of the two parties for the selfish par
Auction Baies
TODAY, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896,
....At 11 o'clock a. x., at....
• 1057 Market Street. Opposite Jones,
WE WILL SKLL...:..
An Immense Amount of Fine Carpets
and Furniture of All Kinds,
. . . .consistixo OF ... v
Parlor Dining-room and Bedroom Suits. Leather-
covered Lounges, Turkish Chairs. 'Folding Beds,
Bookrases Han.es, >iatiivs-i-s. Blunkets, Pillows,
Comforters, < rockery ami Ula-sware.
A good lot of boo :ls which must be sold. .
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 Market St., oppoil c Jon s.
COAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIOSEERS.
- Salesrooms— ll3r> Market Street.
THIS DAY.
Friday .....September 25, 189 G.
At 10 o'clock a. M , at Salesroom.
1133 MAKKIJT ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
WK WJII SKLL
AN 1-Xl GAM LINK OK FURNITURE,
Carpets, Stove* and Kaiues: also Stock and
Fixtures cf Kestauran:, etc.
t;il \s. I.KVV .v i •>.. V"i"lnn»»n
poses of these two schemers. Mr. Cator and
those whom he controls in the State Commit
tee huve golie into a plan by which the Popu
lists gave up every Senatorial district in the
State at this election, when they could have
carried six or seven, and this makes it impos
sible to have a Populist Legislature for at least
lour years.
In addition to this the principles of Popu
lism ure naturally opposed to permitting com
iniu«es to override or usurp functions of rep
resentative conventions of the people; and
while It is the privilege of a candidate to vol
untarily withdriw any attempt to force him
to do so in the absence of specific charges is
not only outrageous and indecent but is op
posed to every principle for which the Populibt
party exists.
Tlit-re is not the slightest quostion as to the
trade between White and Caior. I have it on
the hest of authority— from the lips of Thomas
V. Cator himself. "Populists are very much
opposed to the idea of giving ud the entire
State Senate. We could nave elected a Sena
tor in a number oi diNtrics, aud then in two
years we would stand in a good position to
elect a Peonle'- party Legislature. While we
are auxlous to elect a Populist United States
Senator there is a great deai of important leg
istfuion that the Populists hope to aeco'mplisn
for them toelec-. tin.- State Government two
years from now. But by lessening the oimnees
of electing a (ew members vow it will be four
years b' fore :hcy can hope to control tne Sen
ate. Thus, by reason ot Cutor's selfish ambi
tion a great veal of injury cau be done to the
iateiesis of the party. ■
Considerable indignation exists among
Populists in the First District regarding
the conduct cf Chairman Warii.il and
Stir-tary Bush. They say that Wardall
draws a salary of $100 per month, when
is a big salary for him, for supper. in^z
Populist candidates, and that he is spend
ing the income oi the First Congressional
District in supporting Cutler, the Demo
cratic candidate.
Moiieith's friends say that Bush draws
down $75 per month in gold at 32 to 1, the
same kind oi coin In wtiich Mr. Wardall
is paid, and thai one of Mr. Bus 's multi
farious duties is to net the County Cora
nritee to pay for Cutler's hall rent. This
leaves nothing to pay for Monteith's hall
rent.
The Populists of the district are assessed
20 cents apiece fur the purpose of furnish
ing the State committee with funds to
support the candidates of the party, yet
the money is used for Democrats. One or
two counties in the district have declared
that they will not send any more money
to the Slate committee to be spent on
Democratic candidates. The only thing
the Populists of that district have to fight
for now js the Congressman, and they
don't propose to have their bard-earned
silver and gold dollars used in assisting
the enemy under the cloak of fusion.
One hundred nonest dollars per month
se^ru to most Populists to be a princely
salary, much more than the average farm
earns, and they do not sep wl>y this money
should be expended on Democrats whiie
the Democrats have a State Central Com
mittee and a fund of their own.
INDEPENDENT CITIZENS
Five Assemblymen and One Sen
ator Added to the List
oi Nominees.
Supervisors and School Directors
Will Be Selected at Tc-Night's
Sassion.
The Citizens' Independent Convention
held a long session last night.
Chairman Fitch was kept busy in hold
ing down the enthusiastic delegates who
were eager to have their favorite nominees
placed on the ticket, while the secretary,
W. D. Kingsbury, was also kept busy tak
ing notes of the numerons motions and
counter-motions made by t,be delegates.
The question of selecting Supervisors
from the numerous names suggested has
kept the convention somewhat back in the
other work before it.
After an hour's debate as to the proper
course to pursue in selecting twelve men
out of the thirty-six submitted, it was
finally agreed that the committee take to
day in pruning the list and presenting to
the convention to-night a sufficient num
ber of the best for final ratification. The
same course will be pursued with regard
to the School Directors.
In addition to the names already pub
lished in The Call, the following Assem
blymen were nominated last night:
Twenty-ninth District— E. J. Thomas, 183
Perry street.
Thirtv-fiftn District —C. L. Hedemark,
Twenty-second and Valencia streets.
Thirty-sixth District— M. W. Littlefleld, 7
Beaver street.
Thirty-nintn District— Dr. F. M. Tuley, 31
Fell street.
Forty-third District— W. E. Henderson (col
ored), G% John street.
Tweniy-thlrd Senatorial District— P. L. Arch
ibald (Grand Protector of the Knights of
Honor), 311 Golden Gate avenue.
W. A. C. Smith, E. J. Martin and Jo
seph Nownan were appointed a commit
tee to notify C. L. Taylor of his nomina
tion lor the office of Mayor.
The Xaslvvllle Fair.
In all probability California will be repre
sented at the big exposition that will be held
at Nashville, Term., beginning fn May and
lasting six months. Governor Budd has al
ready appointed as California Commissioners
General T. H. Goodwin, George F. Wee leu and
J. P. Filcher. The Governor has expressed
himself as favorable to the Nashville exhibit.
Meanwhile the Commissioners propose to work
among the county boards of trade and city
chambers of commerce to get their prominent
members to interest themselves in the pr< ject,
so that a splendid display may be sent to Nash
ville when the time arrives.
An Irishman on Ireland.
A rare treat is offered to all who attend the
lecture on "Ireland — Its Manners and Cus
toms," in the new chapel, corner Park and San
Jose avenueß, Alameda. Jamas Small, ;he lec
turer, was born in Ireland, and iia-* all the wit
and brilliancy for which the Irish are noted.
Dropped From the -Roll*.
For illegal registration the following were
dropped from the rolls by the Election Com
missioners yesterday: Paul L. Linguist, 1306
Powell; W. 11. Buchanan, 1306 Powell street;
Nathaniel Morris, 12 PolK lane; Joseph Santil,
6 Polk lane; Joseph Zuzulich, 6 Stark place,
and John Garrison, 425 Bush street.
O'Farrell's Assignee.
George H. Lent, who has for a long time been
a confidential employe of O'Farrell <& Co.,
was yesterday appointed assignee of John J.
O'Farrell, the insolvent real estate man. His
bond was fixed at $30,000.
ItidolvfcDt Grocers
Mallon & McNerney, grocers, yesterday filed
DAVIS, HABER & CO.,
Auctioneers and Commission Merchants*
Salesroom— 2ll Pint* st., between Sansome
and Buttery.
BICYCLE RIDERS, ATTtJTIOX!
BICYCLE RIDERS, ATTESTIOS!
THIS DAY.
Friday September 35, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m., at Salesrooms,
BY CATALOGUE,
POSITIVE AND I'EBEHPTORI SALE,
By Order of Factory, of
X3O BICYCIjES,
The Celebrat°d Pr ruler Helical Tubing,
consisting of
Ladles' Drop-fn»in<\ '21-inch arid 24-lnch Diamond
frame, al '(MS Model.
Including their SliiO loyal Purple Soeeial.
DAVIS. HAKKK A CO., Auctioneers.
Note.— We refer to the retort of the Ordnance
Dppartm«nt I", s. A rm,\ showing Helical Tubing
to be twice as strong us any other made.
All wbeela fully K»ar.iitoert by Premier Cycle
Manufacturing Co. Wheels open for inspection
on l rrir<'lav.
a petition in insolvency. They owe $1237 and
have assets valued at $41-1.
* —> »
.
The /tankers' Moinimttina Committee
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 24.— At this aft
ernoon's session of the Bankers' Associa
tion President Pullen named the following
as members of the norr inatine committee:
If. M. White, Cincinnati; F. W. Hayes,
Detroit; T. P. Day, Pittsburg; J. D. Ram
say, Baltimore; G. S. Penny, St. Paul.
The discussion of various matters affect
ing Banking occupied the remain :er of
the Uav. the most important question
beine"ls a b:mb revocable before presen
tation for payment?" No conclusion wag
reached before adjournment.
Zeadrille Miur-Otvner Milting.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept. 24 —George D.
Newman, a weaiihy mine-ownerof L-ad
ville, Colo., who came to Chicago a week
ago on business, has been missing since
Saturday last, when he left the hnu-e of
relatives. His friemls fear that Newman
has met with foul play ana the police
were notified to locate him, but so far
have not been able to do so.
The ears of the fiy are located near the
bfipe of 'ts \viiip;«.
y"~lK Dr. Gfbbon's Dispensary,
t * KEAK>IYST ' ■Established
Sl)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625KBABSrrttr. Established
I In 1834 for the treatment of Private
M^jj^ssg' Diseitscs, Lost hood. Debility oi
*eyS«f?v:^k fllseasf weiiringon bodyanri mlndand
•W^iMa Skin Diseases, Th(»doctorcures when
jotnerslali. Try him. Charges low.
i^riiftfliffyiTl »Hie.suaraiii.,.d. Callorwrite.
Mir. J. i'.«.iitlto.\.ltux 1957. San Francisco,
OCEAN TRAVEL.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, IW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND. tffl by
.. AUSTRALIA. WS.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. 8. MARIPuSA sails via HONOLULU aal
AUCKLAND for SVU&'EY, Thursday, October
15. at 2 p. m.
S. >. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. Ocober '-'0. a: 10 a.m. . tpi-cial party rates.
Line to COOLOARUIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN
South Africa. • ■
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO.. Airents,
11 I Montgomery street,
Freight Office, 327 Market at., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM J*j3^
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, &*■££&&*£
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Junean, Kll-
llsuoo and Sitkn (Alas.a), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11, 33.
For Victoria «nd Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Taroma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom (BeilinKham Bay, Wash.), 9a. k.
Sept. 1, 6. 11, 18.. 51, 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
11., atTa<orr.ani h N. Y. li. It., at Seattle with O.
K. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Knreka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar) sir. Pomona 'I p. it., S<=pt. i, 6, 10, 14,
18. */2. 16, 30. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San l.uls Obispo), Uaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, tan Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. v.
Sept. 4, 8, 12, 16, 'M, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter. ■ •
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hariord -
(San Luis Obispo), .-anta Barbara, Port Los An-
feios, Redoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. Sept. ii, 6, 10, 14, 18, 22, -6, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For i-.nsenada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Uuayiuas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. v. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 . New Montgomery
Street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., GenT Agent*,
10 Market si.. San FranclsOO,
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAbT STEAMERS TO
FORTH. A.F*- ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m. "
FA T?TT/* 12 First-class \ Including
~-\ JiJ-J , »»{ Second-clans / berth A mealt,
•SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia... Sept. 15, 25. Oct. 5, in
State of California bepu 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and' through ba-4ga;e to all
Eastern points. Rates and foiders upon appica-
tioa to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene- al Agent,
630 Market street.
OOODALL, PERKINS CO., Superintendents
CO9PAGSIE GENERAL TRAMTLAXTHjUS
French Line to Havre. - <* ;
COMPANY'S PIER(NEW),42 NORTH AjSL.
\J Klrer, foot of Morton st. Travelers by git«?flP
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris,
lirst-ch S3 $16.i; second-class. $il6.
LA BRETAO.N'E : Oct. 3,7 a.m.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10, 3 a. *.
LA TOURAINK Oct. 17. 6 A. St.
LA BOURUOONE Oct. 24, 1 p. st
LA GASCOGNE ......Oct. 31,8 a. M-
83~ For further particulars apply to
. A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yorfc
J. T. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
•venae, San Francisco.
WHITE STAR USE.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers -
BETWEEN .
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILJ.Nti EVKKV "\vJSKK.
OABIIS", $80 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jfftr*
\J ing to steamer and accommodations fc£i£a2
selected; second cabin, 9■ * .>uand*4. 0; MaJ.a.ia
an I Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. AVER Y, Pacific Mall Dock, or at lha
General Ufllce of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. o. w. FLETCHER.
General Icon* to- I,.■ ■•■>•.>,,.
: : — . ; — . i
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PAiKET COIPAJI.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL >**•-
fortnightly for the West Indies and '"-53H8
Southampton, calling ■en route at Csrbourgo,
Francs, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific M.all S. S. Co., issued for freight' and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany. i ■"■'■
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9105; third
class, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
. PAKROTT & CO., Agents.
' SOB <-Hli»nrnla»t.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At ii P. All Daily, treijtut received op
to ■:;{:) i». it. . m
tST Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
'i he only line ma&ing through rates on Valley
Road freight. . .
STKAMEK*: ■
T. C Walker, J. D. Peters.
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Xelepaune -Muni 805. Cau 2»av. and linpt. C 9
SAX FRAXCISCO TO YALLEJO
AND MARE. ISLAND NAVY YARD.
STEAMER 'MOSTICKLLO,"
■f. Mlsslon-stree Pier '2. Telephone '261 Black.
Leaves San Francisco Dally 10:30 a. m.
Leaves Vallejo Dai1y...;...;.. ......4:00 p. v.
• , ■. ■• ■- Sundays included.
Gives four hours at Navy Yard. ■
HATCH BROS.
FOR m JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAITA CRUZ
STr.AMER ALVISO LKAVEH PIER 1 DAILT
a: 10 a. v. (Sundays excepted); Alviso dally at
7p. M (Saturdays ex.'epted). Freight and Pas-
senger. 1- are between ' «an Francisco and Alvl.to,
60c; to San Jose. 75c Clay at., Pier L 20 W«
6&ai» Clara si,, £>»& J vse.
1112
Mines and
Mining
At no time In the history of the State has
the mineral development of Oregon attracted
such general attention as at the present time.
Wfcile this is true, it is also a substantial fact
that mining properties in Oregon, were they
located in such districts as Trail Creek or
Cripple Creek, would bring to the owners a
price fabulous in comparison to the meager
figures that are offered for Oregon properties.
It is this uniortunate condition that the
miners of Oregon have to contend with, and
yet in a great decree the owners of mining
properties within the boundaries of the State
are in no small measure responsible. The
trouble is that owners of a prospect insist that
their prospect holes are developed mines, and
put a figure on their claims accordingly.—Ore
gonian.
There is a great deal of truth in the
charge that owners of undeveloped claims
put such prices on them as to drive capital
away. The peneral improvement in the
demand for mines inaugurated a short
lived boom that caused some owners of
claims to lose their heads. Every hole in
the ground became a mine. There were
sales at prices much above the value of the
properties, which had the effect of making
every owner of a claim bvlieve he bad a
fortune, and there has been so much talk
about mysterious syndicates and their ex
perts traveling around the country that
strangers are often accounted secret agents
of the Rothschilds, after "good things."
The boom is tapering down somewhat,
and we are glad to >cc tbat claim-owners
are getting more s-ensible and moderate in
their views. This will result in a larger
investment of capital, for it is positively
the fact that experts sent to look up prop
erties have been driven elsewhere, conse
quent upon the far-above-value prices
asked for mines in the State. The moral
of it ail is do not drive capital away by
asking fabulous prices for undeveloped
claims, tbat for want of it may continue
to be conundrums.
The Oasas says that Colonel Lioyrl D.
Waddell of New York City, representing
a syndicate of heavy capitalists headed by
Frederick J. Lancaster of 2 Wall street,
Las just closed a deal by which there
passes into their hands the absolute titles
to the justly noted gold properties, the E^
peranza and Francisco mines, which are
located in the Maedalena district of So
nora, about twenty-live miles southwest
of the town of Imuris, and are said to be
two of the most promising gold mining
propositions in all Sonora. Reports made
after careful and thorough investigation
show tbat the veins are true rissures and
tbat the properties are cf great value. The
properties are well developed, having over
2000 feet of shalts, tunnels, drifts and
winzes, exposing to sight over 200,000 tons
of high-grade ore.
It is claimed that the Rescue mine at
Warren, Idaho, is producing some ore
worth $2 per pound.
People continue to go from the valley
towns to the new mining regions around
Randsburj:, Kern County.
On the Rand, South Africa, for the first
half of this year the dividends paid by
mining companies — iwenty-one in alt —
amounted to £854,851, as aicainst £1,360,
-255 paid by thirty-two companies in the
first half of 1895. The total production was
1,052,000 ounces, valued at about £3,500,
-000. The dividend?, therefore, amounted
to nearly 25 per cent ot the output.
The Cceur d'Alenes will add between
$7,000,000 and $8,000,000 to the wealth of
the world this year, according to Mining
Industry. The Standard mine is perhaps
the most remarkable in ail of the pro
ducers of that section. When the present
owners gained control of the property it
was an old location, and had iain idle for
a long time. An immense amount of
money was expended, and 3000 feet of tun
nel, shafts and levels were run beiore
striking ore, and for three years the share
holders were regularly assessed. Wiien
the Dody of ore was encountered it com
menced to pay, and pay big. Within
eighteen months $800,000 has been paid in
dividends. This amount has been paid in
monthly dividends of $50,000 earch, with
one or two exceptions. Tne company i 3
capitalized for $500,000. The ore concen
trates rive into one, and the value of the
concentrates is ninety ounces oi silver and
70 per cent lead. The ot her mines which
have paid dividends are the Cceur d 1 Alene
company, better known as the Poorman,
which has paid $340,000; the Helena and
Frisco, $425,000; ihe Granite, $63,400; the
Tiger, aoout $180,000, and the Bunker H:ll
and Suliivau, $150,000.
The Alaska Treadwell mine report end
ing May 31 shows a very low rate of ex
penses. During the year 263,670 tons ot
ore was mined and milled ; ail expenses of
construction, as well as freights on
bullion, mint charges and all expenses of
management, were charged to operating
account, and the net cost works out at
only $1 08 per ton. The total yield per ton
was $2 97, or a little more than three
penny-height, and the net profit for the
yeai available for dividend was $497,342.
Th • Horse Creek Alining Company,
Calaveras County, has just made a ciean
up, with very satisfactory returns to the
owners. The gold is coarse, one piece
weighing $61.
A" discovery has been made near Hog
Creefc, Granite Pass, Or., of an immense
bed of red porphyry, which, although
showing no vein matter, gives $22 per ton
in gold.
There is likely to be much suffering
among miners at Cooks Inlet, Alaska.
There are said to be over 1000 destitute
miners now at that point with winter be
fore them, and without means to get
away. Something should be done for
them at once. It would be a most praise
worthy act for some charitable person to
solicit subscriptions to a fund to bring
them home again. The transportation
companies that took them to Alaska
should in all decency give them passage
at nominal rates. There are* women and
children among the sufferers.
T. A. McLaughlin returned the fore part
of the wsex from the desert mines near
Aloiave, saystiie Arroyo Grande Herald,
and he brought some fine specimens of
gold ore, showing t; c yellow metal stick
ing out all over the rock like pin beads,
also gray carbonate and peacock carbon
ale, from six ounces of which were smelted
out three ounces oi gold, silver and lead
combined. He represents the mines as
wonderfully rich, and expects to see 15,000
people in there ihis winter. Mr. Mc-
LauKhlin has spent nearly four months at
the mines, and i.as made many valuable
locations, and lias returned to have asays
made and arrange for the working of some
of bis mines.
Donohue & Co. have struck it rich in the
Jim Kelly mine on Donelly Gnlch in Dead
wood mining district. The ledge at the
top of tne drift is two feet wide and three
feet wide at the bottom. The ore is good
and will go $60 a too. They are now down
seventy feet, and the formation insures
the permauency of the ledge. This tun
nel will tap the mine at a depth of 200
feet. The company has been prospecting
the property and drifting for about a year.
Old Mines Reopened.
Within the last eighteen months five
extensive gold mines have been opened in
the Grnis Valley district, according to the
Grass Valley Tidings. Each has a good
reoord in the past as a gold producer, and
each was originally closed down on ac
count of immaterial complications which
were not a result of failure in the respect
ive properties. The Rocky Bar and Mas
sachusetts Hill, one of the reopened mines,
has an air-compressor plant that is cele
brated the world over, and also has mag
nificent hoisting and pumping work".
The shaft is down something over 250 feet.
Tne original gold shoot in this ground
has yielded over $5,000, 000. .
The Allison Ranch mine, which is now
putting in an expensive plant upon the
most modvrn ideas of construction, was
formerly one oi the best producers in the
State. It had yielded $4,120,338 before be
ins closed down. Its shaft was sunk to a
depth of only 700 feet.
The Gold Hill mine, whose pnmps are
now in operation, and which lias a mag
nificent plant r tin by electric power, pro
duced between $3,oou,oooand $4,000,000 and
it has never been worked beyond 500 feet.
The Bullion Consolidated is now down
about 500 feet. It has in the past pro
ducea 1906,8% it i* unquestionably an
extensive and valuable, property.
The Crown Point has lain idle for years,
but has just been started by a French
company, who have already struck into
valuable ore deposits. Work is going on
between the 400 and 500 levels. The mine
has produced $134,000.
Add to the above the Brunswick, which
has been put under more active manage
ment than formerly, and which has
already met with the greatest encourage
ment by the opening of a good ore body.
Also the purchase of new ground by the
Omaha, which it is intended to develop
under the management of one of oitr most
competent superintendents — all these de
velopments and reopenings are matters of
great encouragement in Grass Valley and
betoken better times.
But with all these encouraging outlooks
this should not be considered a favorable
camp for outside miners to come
to. There is abundant labor at band
to do all the work needful and the
miners now here, who have been
filling in months on tribute, or who
have been out of employment much
of the time, will be given the preference
when more help is wanted. We need
more capital to opun up other good prop
erties or to develop flattering prospects
rather than miners or unskilled laborers.
The lecige recently encountered in the
1350 level of the Argonaut mine in Cala
veras County is from twelve to thirteen
feet wide and rated at from $6 to $10 per
ton.
The Potalazula Mining Company has
been organized at Slitter Creek by Senator
Voorheis, T. T. Lane, J. Nicholas, E. S.
Barney and Wil.'iam McGee. This com
pany will operate the Mechanic's mine in
a scientific manner.
The Lewis gravel mine at Vallecito has
been sold for the sura of $9000. This mine
bears an excellent reputation in mining
circles and will be operated as soon as the
season for hydraulic mining opens.
Captain Jack has taken a bond on a rich
quartz mine near the mouth of Van Duzen
Canyon, San Bernardino County. He has
ordered 100,000 feet of lumberand will at
once nroceed to erect a five-stamp mill and
a number of cottages for workingmen to
occupy. He expects to have all this work
finished before winter sets in.
The Garrett mine just below the mouth
of Scott River is getting along nicely,
although the}' have not got down to pay
gravel yet. The new pump which they
put in recently works very satisfactorily.
Tne owners of tue mine are confident that
it will be a paying proposition.
Most of the hydraulic mines along Klam
ath River have been closed down, as their
supply of water has given out.
The Distlehorst and Barton Dredging
Company is now working at Buckeye Bar,
Siskiyou County. They have not struck
pay gravel yet, but have great hopes of
doing so where they are now working.
The reports regarding their making so
much had no foundation. The machinery
all works splendidly, and if they can find
pay gravel they will handle it easily.
NEW CHARTER ADVOCATES
An Argument by A S. Hallidie
in Favor of Its
Adoption.
A Resolution Designed to Secure
the Support of School*
teachers.
A meetinc of the Citizens' Charter Asso
ciation was held in Academy of Science
Hall last evening. The main feature of
the occasion was an address on the subject
of the charter by A. S. Hallidie. The
speaker reminded his bearers that the con
solidation act under which the City was
once well governed had been divested of
its strength and potency by frequent
amendment. The " tendency of amend
ment was to deprive the people of the
right of iocal government and to place
power in the hands of spoilsmen. The
only way he oould see for the taxpayers to
recover the right to govern themselves and
prevent the reign of spoilsmen was to
adopt the charter.
James D. Phelan, who had been presid
ing, asked another to take the chair in
order to introduce the following resolu
tions:
Whereas, Our law committee has given its
opinion that that article ot the proposed char
ter is unconstitutional and ineffective because
the general laws govern the schools and the
charter has no power to change said laws;
therefore be it
Resolved, That we the Citizens' Cnarter Asso
ciation do hereby gladly Rccept the opinion of
our law committee as a true statement of law
and are convinced of its soundness; and be it
further
Jiexolved, That in case the courts do not up
hold these views of the law and declare the
article in question unconstitutional we pledge
ourselves to preserve our organization and to
iorthwith propose and work for an amend
ment to the charter which will remedy beyond
doubt the objections complained of.
The resolutions were adopted.
A committee report was received giving
the names of >eventy-two dele.-ates, rep
resenting thirty-six organizations who
had lined up to support the charter.
The committee on press and publications
reported the distribution of a vast Quan
tity of charter literature and the eager de
sire of the populace for more of the same
kind.
AMONG TRAP-SHOOTERS.
Great Interest Is Taken In the Live
Bird and Inanimate Target
Tournaments.
Sportsmen are now interested in the
big live-bird and inanimate - target
tournaments which will be held
in the near future. On Sun lay. the 27th
inst., the Empire Gun Club will meet at
Alameda Point, the Golden Gate Club at
Alameda Junction and the Olympic and
San Jose Gun clubs at San Jose.
On October 2 and 3 the State sportsmen
will hold their annual live-bird tourna
ment at San Bruno. On the first day there
will be one six-bird shoot, three twelve
bird shoots and one tif teen-bird shoot, and
on the following day the programme
reads: One six-bird race, two twelve-bird
races, one fifteen-bird race and a grand
twenty-bird race for the Fay diamond
medal, which is at present held by Otto
Feudner, the champion live-bird and in
animate-target shooter of the State.
October 4 ana 5 the Inanimate Target
Association of California will meet at San
Jose, where great preparations have been
made for its reception by the Garden City
Gun Club. This will wind up «he trap
shooting season, as sportsmen are now
getting reaay for the opening of the duck
and quail shooting season, October 15.
The blue violet is symbolical of love and
the white oi modesty.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
BICYCLE CLUBS
TO PARADE AGAIN
Preparations to Organize a
Magnificent Column on
Wheels.
MANY EARLY RESPONSES
Some Novel Features in Decora
tion and Illumination Al
ready Assured.
ROUTE OF TEE PROCESSION
Promise of the Police Department to
Hold Intrusive Spectators in
Check.
The bicycle clubs of San Francisco, re-en
forced by wheelmen from the surrounding
country, will have a great parade Monday
evening, October 5. Many organizations
are already making active preparations to
win honor and prizes in the procession.
The feelinc is almost universal among
wheelmen that something should be done
on an orderly, systematic and magnificent
scale to atone for the disappointments in
the management of the last parade.
Again, it is held to be desirable that the
bicycle people should make a demonstra
tion of tbeir strength in the form of a
street review as an object lesson to candi
dates for the Legislature and municipal
offices.
Last evening there was a meeting at the
Nucleus building of the parade committee,
consisting of P. J. Hyde (chairman), P.
Allen Joy and Soi Peiser. The grand
m arshal, Edwin Mohrig, was present to
confer with the committee of the Wheel
men's Municipal League.
After an exchange of views the following
line was designated for the parade:
Formation in the vicinity of Union
square, with bead of column at Post and
Mason streets. Column to «nove at 8:15
down Post street to Kearny, along Kearny
to Market, on Market to Golden Gate
avenue, on the avenue to Webster street,
on Webster to Fulton, on Fulton to Van
Ness avenue, and on Van Ness avenue to
Marke'. street, where the column may
break rants.
Every individual, team, croup or or
ganization competing for a prize must, as
a condition of success, maintain a place in
the column throughout the whole course
of the parade.
Prizes to tbe value of $1000 will be
awarded. Many brilliant effects in illu
mination and some superb features of
decoration are promised.
Chief Crowley regrets as much as any
one cisc tbat the decorative features of the
last parade were marred by the intrusion
of disorderly spectators, and he has cheer
fully promised to lend the strength and
skill of his department to preserve the
next parade from a repetition of this un
pleasant confusion. The force of patrol
men, mounted and on foot, will be sufficient
to hold the crowds in check and maintain
a clear right of way for the parading
wheeimen.
A committee of the League of American
Wheelmen, consisting of J. W. Maeuire,
S. G. Scovern and Sol Peiser, la&t «■ veiling
received the acceptance of James W. Con
well, president ot the San Francisco Cycle
Board ofTrade. to speak atthn Pavilion this
evening on the "Baggage Bill and the
Coming Parade." The occasion this even
ing is wheelmen's night at the fair and a
large throng will attend.
The Ladies' Cycle Club of the Mission—
the Alpha— will be largely represents in
tbe great parade on the evening of Octo
ber 5.
The parade committee will meet at room
12, Nucleus building, every evening this
week and next week.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
R W Edgreen, Stockton Miss L Hoffman, Stocktn
H Sollner. N V A J Smith, Alaska
W II Castle, Stockton M Jacobs, Ariz
Mrs H B Farnum, Utah Mrs M Unborn, Utah
D J Murphy, Nevada C 1 J Fisher, Honolulu
S C Page, Vacaville J B Hod son A w, Cal
Mn C Bride, sacto H Bulger. Benicia
X C Stockton C R Pickerel. Palo Alto
G X Dodee, Palo Alto G W Marshall, Sta Hosa
R Kearus, Santa Ro§» C Berjlon. Santa Rosa
X Ktnslan, Santa Rosa Mrs S M Dixon <fe s, Wls
1) H Dixon. Wis H T Barnett A w, Uklah
H Hardy, Diiniilgan G Bradfurd, Dtinuicau
X Byers, I>unnlgan E H Latnbrosen. Duniirn
*' \V Yolium, Le '.rand Mrs C Dodge, Marshfield
J A Llpman, H X C P Herrv. Mvi Vi.-w
E Gooding, Berkeley J N Na»sett, Geysr-rvl
Mrs L Smith. Or G H sharpe, Vacaville
J X Stotler. Vacaville C C Fellner, Austria
W J Gains <fe d. (Ja H Meetlos, Darwin
W B Palmer. DC W H Powell, Antelope
II Billiard, Merced A Merritt. Merced
G W Burbank, Tom ales E 1 awzun. Va City
F Hozen <ft w, HeAldsbg J J Brewer, Arbuckle
J A Veatch, orovilie C H --wan, Orovllie
F C Clark, Paso Robles J Box, Paso Roh| M
G E Mills. Newman G B Murphy, Petaluma
R J Trippateln, Chicago 3 J Uvernash, Hlosbg
GRAND HOTEL.
G Mattison & s, Stocktn J C Campbel.,Marysvllle
H H Blackburn P Robl H L Greene, Cal
F A Daroux. Sac W liak.-r. El Paso
Miss P M silva. (-"olsom Mrs J Ferry, Folsom
A KownhPlin <fe w. Sac Mrs I R Foster, Cal
C E Stuart, Cal Miss P rosier. Cal
CX i I'Neite, Sac X E Barnes, w, 111, eh, 8 J
T Wilson. Cal W X Peck, Santa Rosa
F Brumoaugh, Portland o P Ahlf, Colusa
J A Andr ws, L Angeles — O'Sulhvan, colusa
A Meyman, Sac J Jones, Cal
Mrs A M Smellio, Sonora a J stumes Sac
P Kuhlman, N V H H Beaton, Cal
H Sara: ion, N V F Zn-ker, Los Angeles
\V Llnderback, NY D .->te«M , lone
011 soil n. Conmantlnop P Swerrl. IV ml u ma
B X Clark, Cedar Rapids Mrs A Crisp, Auckland
Mrs X Martin, Auckland Mrs A Martln.Aucklf nd
G L X Rlley. ss Mannc-i a h. .Mc-ndy, San Joe
W D Wheelwright, H W El Cochrau. Cumptonvl
F T Upbam, w A eh, Cal
LXX HOUSK.
DeLacy SHone, N V W \ X inyon, Courtland
Hy Kickhoff, San Rafael W P Martin, Watsonvllle
J C Dunbar, Chico ll y Lev,-, San Joae
s B Hall, Oregon chas P l,ane, Martinez
J Young <fe w. Brooklyn O W McKean, Sun Mateo
\V McDowell <ft w, Sacto it J kvans. Madera
J B Minor, san Kafael J T Gardner, San Jose
il X Pickett. Piacerville G D McLean, Gra?s Val
11 B PrliiMle, San Rafael T R Towne, Mayfield
Mrs W HBrvey. Tebama T C Kearoff Cal
J I Loultu Aw, Stocktn W H Clonry Jr Stockton
T Hurle. N liaven.Conn J A Thornton, Bt Louis
A Clark, Forrest lull Mrs P Bequetbe, For Hill
Mrs E Ramsdaie, F Hill J H < o.'-uihii, Virginia c
D J Carson, Sacramento Mrs J r Lynch Fresno
Cbas Bogan, >un Rafael
PALACE HOTKL.
J Rabeatean, 8t Louis J lrwln Jr. U8 N
Miss Hall, Oakland W H Maurice lob Ang
A C Smith. El Dorado Mrs T X .stroug.Munsfild
E s McKinney, Chicago Miss Strone, Mansfield
H M Yerlng>on. Carson A R Lysopth, Svanev
Mrs Yenngion, Cars*n W H L-ounlas. Chicako
William Martin, Chicago S B RucKtr, c-an Jose
J T WiUins, lnd L Bradbury, Los Angeles
J T Butler, I'alo Alto Miss M Bradbury, UAnz
J J Morsman, Chicago MiHs s<> o, Lot Angles
\V 0 Morrow & w. Hillsb J Simpson, Los Angeles
R A Parser & fm, Boston J RMurtiock,< iwensboro
J E Liggett, Sl Louis 8 T McCormick st Louis
Mrs Liggeit <fc md. St Ls Miss McCormick.StLouis
COSMOPOLITAN.
C J Ptupp, Astoria '■ A Stupp, Astoria
Mrs O X Latubie, aL O We W lthlngton, Sacto
C Patrick. Louie M H OUiver& w.Col
JTruaii & w, sutter Crk W W Vlitht, Los Bano*
APi rippstein, Chicago W Mol»sworth, Brooklyn
H S Reedall, Alaska i \V R Sowers, San Jose
H E • Boothby, son and J Nob it;, -an Jose
daughter, san Jose Mr* M DM ion, Phoenix '
E X Passeon, Phoenix T G Lambert, Angel* Cp
J it Brennan, Mendoclno E Henderson. Honor*
Miss X X Swain, Madura T W Jillson, Topeka '
E Krause, Topeka F P Stewart, Silver Pk
M Raymond, Santa Cruz A Sicking, Mallard
H Lewis, San Jose J i> Arnold, Los Angelas
Miss B Deane. Bu.te Miss X Carson, Butie
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M Solomon, Idaho R Fln'nsburn, st Louis
(i M Welts. NY Miss X Crane, N V
W F Chapman, Cal . L M Stern, Denver
W P Knapp, Denver ' ' J M Canty. Graf ton
F A Fluner, Saa Jose GII Jessee, St Louis
Wde Jo, Australia X A Jennings, Fresno
F Morion, William*
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCBINKSB OFFICE of the San FrwicltcoCAi*
-710 Market street, open untU 13 o'clock every
night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 530 Montgomery str«M,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, apn
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, op.-n until 9:80 o'clock.
NOTICE OJf MEETINOS.
g^S=* V EHBA BUENA LOI»GE OF
•^ Perfection No. I— Regular meeting 1
THIS (FRIDAYS EVENING, September 3%
25, at 8 o'clock. D. 13. Jc\.
GKO. J. HOBF, Secretary. cf^ T =»
t^S* W. J. COLVILLE LECTURES IN LOR-
r"Z ing Hall, cor. Eleventh and Clay sis.. Oak-
land, Saturday, sect. 26. at 3p. M. "Mental Sci-
ence In the school the Teachers' Road to Heaven."
Admission 25c: 3 tickets 60c. . ■ -
S^S=» ODD FELLOW*' CK'MKTKKY ASSOCI-
»* > - I *_ ation— The annual meeting of the lot-owners
of thn uda Fellows' Cemetery will be held on
MONDAY, September 28. 1896, at 2 p. it., at the
office of me association, Point Lobos aye. By or-
der of the trustees.
_ - GEORGE T. BOHEN, President
GKORQR Pexi.ixqtox. reta y.
■' SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD TENANTS EJECI'ED FOR 94;
■ > - Br collections made,' city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st. room 6. Tel. 6580.
tt^S=- BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK,
»-*^ Law and Collection Office. 1023 Market St.
B^g 3 GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR;
«*^Jf cheapest place In the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. :
SITUATIONS WANTEX>-FEMALE.
STRONG COMPETENT MOTHER AND
**J. aaughter desire situations: mother first-class
cook; not afraid of work: best reference, city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
T^RENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALIFOK-
X nla, 1520 Clay st Ladles In need of reliable
help will find such at the above address by apply-
ing in person, from 1 to 3 -p. ic Employers be-
come members of the Employment Bureau by
paying a fee of $1 for one year. Employes are
placed out free of charge, and can bring their ref-
erences same address, same hours.
ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 806 MA-
VJ son st. furnishes best help of all nationalities.
} EXPERIENCED AND RELIABLE WOMAN
J-i from the East wishes place in small private
I family to do general housework and cooking In
city; is a good plain seamstress: American famity
preferred: Bood city reference. 26 Hyde st, near
Golden Gate aye.
XPKRIENCED ' WOMAN WOULD LIKE
-L« sl'ua ion to do chamberwork In a rooming-
house; or would do housecleaning by the day or
genera l housework in smal, lamily: can give r*fer-
ences If required. Call or address 19 sixth st.
I^KsPr.CTABLE WIDOW WITH LITTLE
Xt girl 6 years old wishes a situation: is ;good
c.ok: neat housekeeper. Call or address tor one
week 314 Thirteenth st.
SITUATION wanted BY good COOK,
O baker and laundress; Scotch nationality: ref-
erences: also competent baby's nurse wants po-
sition. Call 658 Minna st
rpWO girls wish positions AS SECOND
X girl or to assist in general housework; can give
references; one wants to go to night school. Call
at 1020 Mission st.
L" I KST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID AND SEAM-
J stress wishes work from 8 to 6. Apply 40
Borland St., between Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
INTELLIGENT YOUNG LADY: FINE HAND-
sewer: buttonhole-maker: could assist tailor
or dressmaker. a, 609 Franklin st. .
/IEKMANGIP.L WISHES A SITUATION TO
VJ do cooking. Call or address 479 Tehama st.
C< ' M PKTK.\T '.IKL WISHES A SITUATION
/ as parlor maid ana waitress or second girl. Call
1642 Polk st. ■■^ 7
YOUNG OKKM GIRL WISHES A PLACE
X for general housework; recently from Ger-
many. 334 Green st.
VEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE
XI as chambermaid : 3 years' reference, 26 Cedar
; aye., bet Post and Geary, Polk and Larkln; wages
920.
AMERICAN WOMAN, THOROUGHLY RE-
JA. liable, good housekeeper, waits work at once;
no objection to widower's family; wages not less
than $15. Address A. C , box 76, Call Office.
GOOD DRKsSMAKER WISUEs A FEW
more engagements by the day, or will take
work home. 1201 Bust St., cor. Hyde.
SITUATION TO DO UPSTAIRS WORK AND
O sewing in private family by respectable person,
or would do second work. 1118 Guerrero st.
W OMAN WITH A CHILD WISHES SITUA-
• T tion as housekeeper or to do general house-
work or any kind of work by the day; good cook;
I competent worker; good sewer; city or country.
I Call or address 645 Vi Stevenson st
I "you no Woman lately from the east
X wishes a position as first-class cook In a
boarding-house or restaurant; alsoayoung woman
wishes position as waitress. Add. 523 Minna, city.
1 PROTESTANT YOUNG LADY WISHES. PO-
. sition as nurseglrl or ladles' maid; good refer-
ences: $20. Apply between 3 and 5 P. m., or ad-
! dress 3-7 Kddy St.
RELIABLE STRONG YOUNG WOMAN
XV wishes to do work by the day ; washln?, house-
J cleaning or any such work. Call or address 163
Tehama si.
GOOD, RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SlTU-
ation for housework and cooking. Call 7 Van
Ness aye.
p GIRL WISH ATION IN SMALL
VT family to do general housework and cooking.
Call 1616 Buchanan st., bet. Geary and Post
YOUNG GIRL WOULD UKK PLACE TO DO
general house Call at 221 Eleventh St.
"yoUNG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS A POSI-
X lion to do general housework or second work.
Call or address 122 Eighth st
I>Y MIDDLK-AGED WOMAN AND DAUGIi-
X> ter, in country hotel or - mining camp, as cook
and waitress. M. 1.. 8., Lester House, cor. Eighth
and Clay sts., Oakland.
rnwo GOOD Norwegian girls WANT
X general housework or chamberwork; first-class
cooks. German House, room 17, 8t»» Washington
st-, Oakland. .
■yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE TO DEVOTE
X her mornings to any kind of office work in re-
j turn for lessons in music (piano). J., box 73, Call.'
ERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE FOR GEN-
eral housework and cooking. Address 179
Precita aye., off Mission, bet Army and i7th st
ANTKD— AN EDUCATED LaDY WISHES
a position as governess, seamstress or com- ■
I panlon to invalid, or all. three combined; no objec-
j tions to country; references exchanged. Address
MISS ANNIE M. BRIGHT. San Jose, Cal.
GIRL OF 20 YKARS OF AGE ATTENDING
grammar school, would do general housework
for home and small compensation.. Address X.,
2518 Mission st
SITUATION WANTED BY A KESPr.CTA-
O ble girl; first-class seamstress and chamber-
maid; wages 9.5. Call at 1424 Franklin st. Oak
land.
OOD COMPETENT GIRL WISHES SITUA-
-1 tion for general housework and cooking;
private family. 427 Dolores at.
SITUATION: FRENCH LAUNDRY-WOMAN;
kJ 10 years' experience. Address 526 Merchant
T> ESPECTABLK GIRL WISHES A SITU-
Xl< atlon as lirs; c.ass cook or second girl: city or
country. Call 3608 Twenty-sixth, near Valencia.
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS TO DO GEN-
-0 eral housework. Call 715 Howard.
KOTESTANT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
J. tion 10 do general housework. Call or address
439 -Minna st, between Fifth and Sixth.
\y INCtiE.-j . XX HUUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
.1 Mar ls? : 20 ° no***'' 25c to. $1 60 per night;
»1 60 10 $6 per week; convenient and respectable:
tree bus ana baggage to and from the, terry.
SITU ATI ONS WANTEX>-MALE.
HUNTER A CO.. ClllN^^~ANd'"7Xpa'
nese employment office. 17 Webb st., below
Kearny, nr. Cal. ; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, rogr
SAM KEE— CHINESE AND JAPANESE EM-
ployment office. 611% Bush su, nr. Grant aye.
plllMCaifi AND jAi'ANKSK RKLIABLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
CHINESE AND JAPAN EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 41 4 V O'Farroll: tel. K. 424
JAPAN KSK AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sutler st : tel. Grant SO.
YOUNG MAN (DANE) AND Wli-K WISH
x situation on a private place or ranch: man
handy with all kinds of tools and understands
care of horses and tows; good driver; wife is good
cook and housekeeper, willing and obliging; first-
class references. H. 8.. box 89, Call Office. . .
1 OH EM lAN, GERMAN AND ENGLISH
.» speaking young man would like to make him-
self useful during the evening hours as clerk or
bookkeeper for the exchange of board and room.
Address M., box 84, his omce.
INKER POSITION BY COMPETENT,
XJ sober man, in any pan of State: electric light.
power generation or specially; references. Ad-
dress LOUIS B. GORDON, 627 Second st., San
r rancisco. \
IV- ANTED-POSITION AS SALESMAN OR
| tt stock keeper In wholesale or retail gents'
furnishing goods house; Ion? experience and Al
references. AUdress D. L., box 109. Call Office.
AIAN AN WIFE WA.ST WORK ON RANCH;
.J wife . good plain cook, man handy with tools:
thoroughly understands - raising chickens. Ad-
dress M. R., box 103, Call Office.
WANTED— SITUATION AM SALESMAN OR
tt stock Keeper in a wholesale dry gooa and
iancy goods house: best of references. Address
R.W., box 118, Call Office.
T A P A N YOUNG MAN WISHES SITUA-
« tion as office or bell boy: can speak English flu-
ently; " eady and . reliable. Address . GEORGE,
box 71, Call Office.
YOUNG STEADY AND EXPERIENCED
-»- druggist, graduated, wishes • position; •■ relief
work only, .ddress Drugs, box 108, Call Office.
rpHOROUGHLY COMPETENT LADY FOR
A position of trust: must be over 25 and come
well recommenced. H. J. P.. box 162, Call Office.
BARBER WITH 8 MONTHS' KXPKRIENCE
XJ wishes employment Ad. T. T., box 61, Call. ;
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ANTED — SITUATION AS ASSISTANT
TT bookkeeper, collector or general office work,
by a most faithful and honest gentleman. Address
J. X., box 62, Call Office.
.tuTESTANT MAN, . AGED 40.- IS ALL-
around m«?:ul and handy with tools, wishes
any kind of work. Address R. X., box 125. Call.
AMKRICAN HEAD L A U N I) R V M A N
xx wishes situation. Address D., Branch Call
Office, 116NlntnsU "
TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN DE-
sires situation on private place; understands
cure of horses, gardening and general work; Is
willing and obliplng; first-class references. " Ad-
dress o. W., box 51, Call Office.
ELI ABLE BUTCHER OF 15 YEARS' EX-
XI perience; 10 years of successful business lor
himself: strictly temperate; a No. 1 market man
and cutter: can furnish any required bonds; no
objection to county. Address Butcher, box 85,
Call.
O lOH WANTED — kmpoymknt, by a
vpx\J\f. smart, energetic young man: would
Invest 9100 in any business to secure position In
same; understands' res.aurant work. • Address
Business, box 'id. Call.
JOBBER, MAKE- UP AND STONE-
hand— from New York City, would I ike to
make good connections; capable of taking charge.
HOWARD. 320V 3 suttersi.
CIOMPETENT YOUNG MAN WANTS SITU-
\J ation as bookkeeper: has first-class references.
Call or address C. G., 34 Golden Gate aye.
"ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFK, WORK
»» on a prlvat c place: country preferred; refer-
ences. Address A. J.. box 53, Memo Park.
EXPERIENCED CHKKSKMAKER; MAKES
different kinds of cheese; also butter; can run
a separator, wishes a situation, city or country.
Address W. W.. box 160, Call Office.
Gi ERMAN BOY OF 17. WISHES ANY KIND
VT of work; can drive and care for horses. Ad-
dregs 488 Eighth st ■
\\- ANTED— BY SOBER AND INDUSTRIOUS
»'. man, position In private family; thoroughly
understands care of horses, also plain gardening.
A. O. a, box 2, Call Office. Oakland.
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NKAK
TT. Market— Electric lights In every room; £00
rooms; 26c to 91 60 per night: 91 50 to $6 pet
week : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
■yOUNG GENTLEMAN ATTENDING COL-
X lege seeks some employment for late afternoon
and evening hours; best references; stationery,
drug and general experience. Address X., box
108. Call Office.
"YOUNG, STRONG, ABLE-BODIED MAN,
X sober and steady, painter and paperhanger by
trade, desires situation as Janitor or porter In
hotel or institution. Address A. 8., box 161, this
office. . - , ■ _ :..-■■•
YOUNG MAN DESIRES SITUATION TO
X work- nights; speaks English, French and
Italian. Address S. 8.. 801 Vallejo st, room 29.
\\! I.N CHESTER HUUmK, 44 THIKD. NEAK
TT Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: fr«-e bus am', baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
r< ERMAN MAID AND SEAMSTRES-sT $20
VJ to 925: governess, $25; 12 housework gir.s,
city and country, $20 and 925; 8 young girls, as-
slst, 910 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 butler.
SECOND GIRL AND SEAMSTRESS: $25.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
SECOND GIRL; 925. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st . •
GERMAN, FKKNCH OR SWEDISH COOK,
VJ $30: laundress, $30. MISS CULLEN, 823
Sutter st.
•VfEAT YOUNG GIRL: «10. MISB CULLEN,
I>l 323 Sutter st.
DANISH COOK. COUNTRY, 925; GERMAN
c ok, Sonora, $25; scotch girl, housework,
country. 925; 10 girls for housework, city, $15,
918 and 920; 5 cirls to assist 98, 910 and $12.
C. R. HANsEN A CO., 110 Geary st
HEAD WAITRESS. 9HO; WAITRESS SMALL
hotel, country. $16; boarding-house cook,
9-5; chambermaid and waitress, $20. C. R.
HANSbN A CO., lIP Geary st.
WANTED-GIRL. 25 TO 30 YEAKB OLD,
" for general housework; American family of 2
persons, short distance In th» country: fare and
fee paid by lady; Protestant preferred: 920 to $25.
C. K. HANSEN A CO.. 110 oeary st »'
WOMAN COOK, $26 AND ROOM, CALL
early; waitress, 820 and room; waitress, city,
speak French: housegirl, Green st., $^0; girl,
Fulton st, 915; German, Alameda, 3 In family,
920, s-e oarty in office 9 a. m. : second girl, 920:
nuroegirl. 9iO; nursegirl. Haywards, 915; t.,ermun
girl, ueary st. $18: 11 housegirls, *15: 6 girls,
9-0; 9 young clrls, $8. $10, 912 per month, assist,
etc.; 4 small girls, 96 aud $6 per month. MaR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st
Ay ANTED— 2 CHAMBERMAIDS, HOTEL.
TT city, 9i5 each: 2 Germar. cooks. *35 and
$30; 2 French girls for housework aua assist 920
and 915; German waitress, *20; German cham-
bermaid and seamstress, 920: French nursery
governess, $26. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st
VTEAT WOMAN FOR HOUSEWORK AND
-Li cooking, American family small country town,
$20, fare paid: first-class place MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st Mtlflil.l
IRL. 14 TO 16 YEARS. TO ACT ;AS COM-
f pan on and assist lady; nice country home;
small wases: fee and fare paid. MURRAY A
READY, 6t4 and 636 Clay st
WANTED— CHAMBERMAID AND WAIT-
T? ress, 920: head waitress, 930; 2 Protestant
cooks, private boarding-houses. $25: French cook,
2ln famiy, $25; 2 German nurses, 920; Swedish
second girl, $20, and a large number of girls lor
coo : ing und housework In city and country. J. F.
CROSETT A CO.. 316 Suiter st ■
WORKING HOUSEKEEPER (CATHOLIC),
$12 50; girl, light place, country, CIO. R. T.
ward <t CO., 610 Clay st
"V" OUNG PROTi-.STANT GIRL TO DO PLAIN
X cooking in small family; $12. MRS. 8.,b0x
18, Call Office. ' ' . '
OOKG GIRL OR MIDDLfi-A IED WOMAN
to care of children and assist 1 517 Sanchez.
PURSI-CLASS FINISHERS OS CUSTOM
-T pants. 411 M; Kearoy st., second floor.
YOUNG. GIRL FOR RESTAURANT. 202
X Ninth st. * .'••..'
SWEDISH GIRL FOX GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 1909 Pine st, nr. Octavla.
ATE, I WISH TO SEE YOU IMMKDI-
-ately. MRS. SCHMIDT, Twenty-first st.
XTOUNgToIRLTO DO LIGHT "housework
X and care baby. .2212 Bush; 10 to 12 a. m.
ANTED— GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK IN
small family. Call 119 a Bartlett st. •
OOD COOK WAITED; SCANDINAVIAN
preferred; must have city references. Call
between 1 and 2 p. v., 1356 Post st.
GERMAN GIRL, UPSTAIRS WORK, WAIT-
VJ Ing at table. Bet. 9 and 12, 2932 Jackson st.
GKRMaN GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT
VX housework; sleep home. 418 Thirteenth st
V* AHSAGE TAUGHT AND FORMULAS OF
-I" a sure cure for rheumatism and falling hair
given; reasonable. D. S., box 107, this office.
IJKAUTV CULTURE, MANICURING, HAIR-
XJ dressing less .113: day ana evening. Jills,
BUTLER, 131 Post '
"L'LVNN'B DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
X days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
"VfEW SKIRT PATTERNS; JUST IN: 25c. ;
Xi McDoWELL Dressmaking School, 636 Mar-
kei st
AIK-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
given Miss DOYLE. 212 Powell st. 105 9th.
HAIR DRESSING, 250 AND 35c: MOKNINU
and eve classes; lOlegsons.?!. 60. 1248 Mission.
Vf OST CONVENIENT AND RKSPKCTABLK-
«.»!« Winchester House, 44 Third gt. near Market:
-00 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night; 91 60 to 9<i
i«Tw«M»t- ; iiw 'bus mid i.aegw»«» :n^nl frnni f^rr>-.
male help wanted.
W^^^Xnt^^e^perien^e^^r^v^r^for
mi wagon in city, must be single, about 30
and with san Francisco experience and references.
salary 935 per month and found; young man for
the breaking-barn on a stock ranch near city, $20
and found, steady job; S farmhands, near city,
$20. fare 26c; 6 men to chop cord wood, 91 50 per
cord, . all winter's job; milkers, laborers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers: nurse for asylum, $30
and found ; 2 Italians or Swiss to work 'in winery,
Sonoma County, $1:6 per month and board, and 50
others. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st
ANTED-EXI'EI.IE >CEl> > UKSE FjTr
private asylum; short distance in country:
references required; .salary $30 per month and
found. Apply to W. D. EWKK A CO., 626 Clay.
ANTKD— FRENCH COUP FOR COUN-
try, 945: barkeeper, yon man, must speak
French and German; cook, 940; cook, plain hotel,
near city, $25 t0.930: waiter, 926: waiter, small
country place, 920; French boy for. a laundry,
915; Indoor servant, $20, etc L. ANDRE, 310
Stockton. ■ ' ■
"I 1 1 WOODCUOPPERS, 70c CORD; 6 GOLD
1" miners: 20 pickers; 20 tiemakers; 20
bean-pullers; 3 American farmers: 8 laborers; 3
teamsters: carpenter for an institution; 6 cooks:
3 waiters; 2 dishwashers: pantryman; tailor, must
be a good cutter, and other places. MURK AY <&
READY, Leading Employment 1 Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st.
ANTED— 3 MORB MINERS. 92 60 PER
.tt day; handy man for ranch, $10 and. found; :
shop-butcher, $20 and found; young wagon-maker
for country; American restaurant cook, $18 week;' .
waiters ■ and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 6-8 sacramento st. - " • ' ■
A BEAN-PULLEKS, 920 AND BOARD: FOUR ;
*i scraper teamsters ami work on ranch, $-0 and ;
board: ranch blacksmith and drive .team. 920 and
board; roan to dry flits by contract; man to run
ji* saw. R. T. WARD «fc CO.. 608 and 610 flay.
p ARDENER AND WIFK WITH GOOD REF- '
VT erences for private place, country, $40 and
found. C. R. HA NSEN Vfe CO.. 110 Geary at.
ANTKD— GOOD BARBER. 1530 MARKET '
sreet. •
/> OOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUN- ,
VJ day: call at 8. 241 Third st. ]
" . arbkr for Saturday" AND Sunday.
1> 260 Third , • .
ARBKR— YOUNG MAN WITH 2 OR 3 !
;JJ years' experience: good shaver. 324 Grant ay.
t/ifl MONTH AND BOARD; CASHIER AND '
ffillU a<slst: 9125 cash 827 Mission st.
AN TO SWEEP, ETC., IN LODGING-HOUSE <
for room, board and Uundry. Call 5 'Market. ■
VVANTED— A COATMAKKK AT 105 TURK
I " sreet. :
HELP WANTED-Contlnned.
S^io EMA ? :ER: coo KTi3O~AND ROOM: COo"E
M»RTt^7^« g t mall to d ° B ° me cooking
MARTIN'S. 749 Market su
CiA RDENr.R WANTED; GOOD ORCHARD-
T pruner; p:ow between trees- steady man •
wages 920. ■ 865 Broadway, Oakland. '
I > A o t K i* !S r V X EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
I > Y. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCH.S. 326 Grant aye.
JOURNEYMEN BaRBKRS' EiiPLOYMENT
0 eecretary. H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
ARBlißs' PROTECTIVE UNION tMPLOY^"
mem secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
i/ARBESS-2-CUAIR SHOP FOX SALE $75 :
l> rent, including gab, $10. 1932 Market st.
"U,' ANTED — SEAMAN AT THOMPSON'S
»» California House, 103 Clark st
BAILORS wanted AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
O st, Mariner's Home. -
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
IT Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less thin 5 feet. 6 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate, habits; able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United Status or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions :o become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offer d special luducemr-nia; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Kilts st. San Francisco, CaL
STEADY, TRUSTWORTHY PARTNER,
0 restaurant, to attend cash counter and dining-
room; advertiser good cook: 9125 required. 632
Market st, room 8.
yOU FIND COFFEIS JOHN'S NEW PLACE, 9
X Stockton, open day and night; prices are same
as in the old. 613 Clay st. -
ONEST MAN IN BUSINESS PAYING 975
a month; 9150 required. 777 Market rm. 7.
<2J A PANTS TO ORDER: LATEST STYLES.
<PT: WERTHMAN Pants Co.. 22y a Geary st
G1 ET A SHAVE AT THE LADY-BARBER
r shop. 767 Howard st.
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
ii 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 1 5c to
60c;week $1 to $2 50;readlng-room;strlctest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night
WANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBUBN A CO., Depu L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their 91800 prise
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.-
Vy ANTKD- MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
»» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent a F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
"l»r ANTED— SO AIKN FOR SINGLE ROOMS;
TT $1 week. 2jc night 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
i-N'S HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES, 40a;
done while you wait 628 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will « Flnck's.S.F-
KOOMa 100 lo 76c fcK NIGHT; SUO 10 »1 SO
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st
ARGIiST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes to order, 93 60; band-sewea
shoes. $5. 726y 2 Howard st. bet Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAK
tt Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
rriRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room: 26c a night; $1 a week.
I INDELL HOUSK. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J. sts. ; single inrnlshed ran 7Bcweek, 16c night
1 8,-RE.SiOVKU FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
.. Ciay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
I||AMKN TO TAKK LODI.iNU AT 10c, 15c
\.\t\J and 20c a night. Including outft*. aud roiia,
t24 Washington st. near Kearny.
\\r ANTiSD— bABORKKs AND MECHANICS
'» to know that Ed Kolkln. Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 160
large rooms: 25c per nigh.: $1 to $3 per week.
EST IN CITY—SING • E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. 91 25. SI 50 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
~\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS. 150 A DAY: $1
»T v««k; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 m woe»;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
v . ii n 1O FKED .iiAMiAliij of«j«JiC if'OOD;
i'l all grocers keep It
ANTED,! COLLECT WAGES DUX LABOR
ersAclerkv KNOX Collection Accy, 110 Sutler
X\[ E ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE "EPA IK
'" shoes up to 12 o'clock every night; those work-
lug through the day can have their shoes repaired
at nizhi. while you wait: ladies' soling, 35c: men's
soling. 50c: fine shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
92 60. 562 Mission st. bet First st. and second st
AGENTS WANTED. ~~
SEEDS' POPULAR WATER FILTER; $1 60
will start you. BRICK & CO., 719 Market st
"CURST-CLASS AGENTS W ANTKD FOX GOOD
JL' paying article. Call, 9 to 11:30 a. U., 874
Howard at., cor. Fifth, room 3.
AGENTS — '-PERSON AL~ RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters: the most remarkable book of
tne century: apply at once for choice of territory.
F. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department
THE WHITAKKK A KAY CO., 723 Market sU
IN EVERY COUNTY WEST OF MISSISSIPPI
River, men . and women to take agency for
Lightning scissors Sharpener; • enormous profits;
send at once: 26c for 'ample. For terms address
K. C. STOWE. box 841. San Josq, Cal.
'. ROOMS WANTED.
vir antkd— uxfurni^hed"roomT^y~a
TT gentleman, in quiet and respectable locality;
house must be quiet after 9 p. m. ; Catholic family
preferred; price $10. W. R.. box 104, Call Office.
WANTED— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOR
"" light housekeeping: Western Addition; state
price: references. Address P.. R.. box 92. Call.
BOARDING WANTED.
T>o~Aitirvv\A^iTE7riirxi>B7^
JL> near the park by a vain and wife and two chil-
dren. Address M. C., box 67, Call Office.
BOARD AND RoOM IN PRIVATE FAMILY,
Western Addition, by a gentleman. G., box
103, Call. •
\\- ANTED— ROOM AND BOARD IN A PRI-
'» vate family for a boy 13 years. State terms
and address R. B . box 75, Call Office.
PROPERTY AY ANTED.
WANTKD^A^oF^ON^oir^E^AR^'pOINT
Lobos aye. Address P. FRY, 2 Valencia su
WANTED — SMALL IMPROVED FARM
TT within 50 miles of San Francisco. Room 615,
Safe Deposit building, S. F.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
T\T ANTED— HORSE, HAR.NKSS AND LIGHT
" road wagon. 16V4 Sumner st, bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
WANTED TO BUf A 1 HEAP RAILROAD
ticket to Chicago. Address W. 8., box 56,
Call Office. ■
WANTED— GOOD SECOND-HAND CARPET
tt for parlors about 15x33. Address D., box 81,
Call. vvF , .
rvLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry, watches repaired. MUNP. 11 MS 14 Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JKW-
1^ elrv to A. 1.X.1 N. 109 Sixth St. : send post ■<!.
EDUCATIONAL.
I~?ir£NTrji?PpTN~is3f3fro7rp7^^
' Academy of Languages,32o Post st:estab'd 1871
VIME. MELVILLE SNYDHR, 715 POST ST.;
Ml v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
vocal classes Monday. 8 p. if.; $1.
EaLD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST
st— Bookkeeping, business practice, short-
hand, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engineering, etc.; '20
teachers; 15,000 graduates: catalogue.
'A YKES 1 , THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
-TV. Montgomery st. Individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. :
life scholarship $50 low rates per week and mo.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night
KLAaCO'.i LYChUM SCiiOoL OF ACTING—
• •• Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHUUL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MINING, iIK. !
chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
nssay: eatab. '64. VAN DKKNAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
Hi literature. MISS FAGKN, 427 Setter St.
ISS BOL TE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.: board; Eng., French, Ger., piano; $30 ma
A L.MA K. HYER. PIANO. MANDOLIN BAN- '
J\. jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OOKKPNU. WiIITNG. ARITHMTC.GKA.HH
day A night : noclasses : 95 month. 845 Mission
KOK LOUIS MEKKI; VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. Powll.
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plarjo,slni;lng, French :s3 mo. R. 14. 1002 Polk
R. & M KS. KOL \Ni-ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolln. guitar, banjo. 935 Market at. opp. Mason
. >VE*,K-S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— TKB
-f\ WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
nn _ njv _^~^ LOST.
T OST-FOX TmiERFROJITHE CORNER
\J of Seventeenth and Mission sts.; whtoe stripe
d wii face and large black spot on right fflde; tag
97 RetUrn to H - N ' C^VFOKD. honeshoe;. and
recede gooa reward. . • <=«i»u«
T OST— ONTHIRD ST., WEDNESDAY EVEN-
Xj Ing, black-feather boa. Reward at butcher-
shop, Twenty-fmrth and Harrison sts. '
1 PS I T Ij^ D nV' S GULD 'WATCH: MONOGRAM
JJM. A.E. on case: $10 reward by returning
lame to Horn's hatstore, 726 Market st. •. •
L°^7na PASSbOok WITH THE HIBEKNIA
%i n an^^° an £ ociet i- of San Francisco, in
nHf 2 me °I NOKA E. CONNORS, No. 176,852.
The finder will please return to bank. x ' 0 ' 00 -"
lj t if. T i .» D »'' * ROUND BRKASTPIN. RB-
XJ turn 121 Post room 43: reward. '
FOUND.
.
xpouND. septembkF^sTojToTkland
X boat— A pair lady's shoes. Call 227 Olive aye.,
:lty. • . . *
U'OUND- LLEWELLYN SETTER; OWNER
r Q n have same V proving and paying expenses.
'903 Twenty-third at.
• PERSONALS. _ ' ■
ATEATNKSS IS A VIRTUE; SUITS CLEANED,
i.\ pressed, 91. 26 Montgomery, r. 14: tel.re' 2374.
A , ARCUS. MAIL ME PAWN TICKETS AND
J>l keys and I will mall you $10; no questions
asked. '
ALOON MAN WHO GOT BEAT LEAVE
address at 434 Jessie st at once.
RS. • THOMPSON, CHIROPODIST AND
manicure. 101 Grant aye., room 10.
IDDLE-AOED MAN WOULD LIKE TO
meet widow who has a room to let. Address
11. P.. box 112, Call. -.-,/.■.■■
RETURNED— MME. ■ ROLAND, TEACHER
X\ French language. _ 765 Market st., room 15.
LADY FROM CUBA DESIRES GENTLEMAN
-JLJI partner; small capital required. 9 Powell, r. 7.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-£v clalty; private; no charge unless successful: all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at*
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law, 850 Markets'-
"HESS HAIR FOR THOUSANDS OF LA-
dies every month; everybody satisfied: how
can they help being satisfied when they get such
good work for only 25c? I use "Quinonta" Hair
Tonic. 35c a bottle. Q. LEDERER. 11l Stockton.
M YRTLE POTTER'S COSMETIC PARLORS;
■**-! manicuring; hairrtresslns. 1362 a Market, r. 8-
ADY IST It AN., KR) DESIRES GENTLE-
XJ man partner; $26 capital. R. 3. 122 Post st.
"OURNETT'S CORN CURE— SURE CUKE FOR
XJ corns, bunions, warts: 26c. 327 Montgomery.
W ATCH A.ND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
« worK irom the country solicited; estimates
given: articles returned If price is not satisfactory:
all work warranted, j. N. BRITTAIN. 20 Geary.
P A 1 »'* GTOjS ' S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINiS
-I and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
passes: instructors, .1. H. E . Partlriston, <^ertrud»
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Plaa.
M °I\£} S Jiff R . BY - FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a busi-
nesyt 14 McAlll.ter ms . 45-46: ladles', misses',
children cloaks to order;flt guaranteed :low prices
rVhLS FINEST USB OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order, 910; pants. 93. cut Rate Tailor^
ing Company, 1117 Market su, bet. 7th and Bth.
TIRUNKS DELIVERKD BAY CITY
X Transfer Company, 244 Sntter; tel. Grant 57.
AT THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
A Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for 91 : call or write. 1029JU, Market 2L
bet Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco Cal
A LL FACIAL BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
JTI hair, moles, freckles. »c*rs. etc.. removed h»
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Tune, nrTLeave^wor^
AZOK-FIXING OUK SPKcTXITy FINE
edge put ou razor. 2 Razor ExchEe,63oMarket
V ELVET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
* mauufactnrei-s' cost. 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
1G OUTDOOR *>T..!t.fc.<JPTlUO-V &HO vv",. VS.
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sU. ; artistic ad-
vertteemenu in living light; promoters of ban.
liesn. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marke: si.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROO.mT
Winchester House, 44 Third st. near Market-
-200 rooms, 26c to 91 60 per night: $1 50 to 9a pee
•week; freo bus and baggage to and from the terry.
IBEKAL ADVANCE.-* ON DIAMONDS, JOiVV-
elry. »tc. : lowest rates. S4S Market st
tXt GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought COLMAN. 41 '-in. cor. Jessie.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
■■TV WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
DKESSM.AKERS. "~~~
DRESSKS 92 UP: WKAPPEIiS 35c UP-
lawn 91 ni>. 61158,4 Natoma st. above sixth.
1 ADIES. TO YOUR ADVANTAGE. C.vtL
Jj at BRADLEY'S. 416% Geary st; elegant
stylish dresses m^de: 85 up: dresses made over.
SCIENTIFIC ASTROLOGY.
OCIENTIFIC ABTROLOG V— ALL EVENTS OF
0 life foretold by the horoscope: advice on all
business: speculation my specialty, and business
men protected b,- my method: success guaranteed :
oil and minerals located by the science. DX, ST.
CLAIR. 916 Market st. room 26: hours 9 to 7.
ENOW THY DESTINY— LOVE. MArIRIAGE"
business, speculation, legacies and your future
b mall 10c. PROF. W. Mi»: I.OH. 761 Ho«a d.
CLAIKVOYANTS.
GITAN A. THE GYPSY QUEEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
truthful In her predictions: reliable in her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
and she will «vide you right; no fake;" saiiafaciioa
guaranteed: office hoars from 9 to 9.
MX. POKTEK. WONDERFUL CLAIR VOY-
ant card- reader, born v.-Ith a double veil and
second sight; ladles 50c gents 91; palmistry and,
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st. nr. Jones.
LUCKY MEDIUM; CARD-READER; PALM-
-Ist; love, marriage, etc.: ladies 25c. 243 Mild-
ley st., near Fifth. .
MX SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TEL 1 ,8
past, resent and future: success to ail; for*
tune* by mall: low prices. 856 Mission st
MME. LEGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
' VI mk. hanskn, palmist, card-reader-
■lTJ past, present and future; 25c. 148 6th st, r. 6.
GYPSY LIFE-RE ADKK. Kj>.MoVKD J.VROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton; ladies 25c; gents 50c
MME. RAVEN A READS LIFK FLUENTLY 7
business advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. SYBILI.E SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife: ladies 25c. 50c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. MOKEAU, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
\ M ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
_^_lEL_K£!rrpy^_nm v 9*29 Post: fee si- letter $2.
SPIKITUALISM. "~
riALIFORNIA STATE SPIRITUAL ASSOCIA-
-0 tion. Golden Gate Hall, cutter st. bet. Mason
and Taylor. Friday evening, September 26, at
f.JO o'clock. Mrs. Maud L. Frletag. the skeptic-
confounding ballot-test medium, gives full names
of your so-called dead friends. See her and explain
It if yon can. Mrs. Sherwood and Professor Wni a.
law will discourse sweet music. The emeruin-
ment will close with a dance. Admission 10 cents.
OOU MCALLISTER — MRS C. J. MEYE»7
O^O test meeting! every night: 10c.; Tu* <fc
Frl, 2 p.m.; business sittings daily at above No. $1
kCTURE OF PROP. C. A. IIINGO EVERY
d., l. d .* , nl , s i lt al 1133 Mil » lo n sc; tests given
while blindfolded, In order to convince skeptics.
mHE WORLD-FAMED MME. CALDWELU
X clairvoyant, llf»-reader and healer. Hill How-
ard St., beu Fourth and Fifth. «"»
1 ADIES' AID WHIST AND EUCHRE PARTY
iocem n ght " 326 McAllister St., Friendship Hall;
MRS. C.CORNELIUS HOLDS TEST MEKT-
ing at 335 McAllister; sittings daily. 1346
JMurkct st* ■■
iJUENA VISTA GIVES SITTINGS TO LADIES
■Uonly. 872 Misslon.nr.Sthjtesi, circle night :loc
CHITA, CARD-READING: PAST. PRe'£
V 1 ent, future. 821 Howard su. room 16. "^^
M. FRANCIS, INDEPENDENT SLaTE-
writer. 118 Halght st.; hours 9 until 6 pm.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE MEDIUM"
sittings $1; circle Tuesday eve. 136 Oak su
j^ISHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET: SEAN*"
1 ' ces 'I upsdnv. Friday fv»n'<. 25c- 10 to 4 i'Mlv.
HieNOI'ISM. ~~ —
ri YPNOI-I^M^^N^D^viTATr^rA^N^TrSM:
XX practically and scientifically taught in 3 les-
sons, also how to hypno ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school: a good opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested in its therapeutic effects: high-
est credentials:correspondence solicited. Cail or ad-
dres3 Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute, 6 O'Farrell.
■■
_J MEDICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFEKINO
from .Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
never falls: perfectly harmless; free lroni any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make- them
well; travelers helped imme llateiy: prices to suit
the times: home in confinement DX. A MRS
DAVIEB, 14 McAllister St. next Hibernta Bank-'
consult free; French regulating pink pills, 92-
-hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. x.
LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-"
stored in a few hour.-i; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay- pri-
vate home in contlnemeut: regular graduate 'phy-
sician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post st, near Larkln.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE. INSTRO-
-ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day-
can be sent and used at home: all cases guaranteed'
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on *
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny
A SURE CURE FOR ALL FtMALE DiS-
eases, from whatever cause; home in confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DR.GWYKR, 226 Turk su
I 18. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
X/ diseases of women and restores all cases of
irregularities in one day, guaranteeing a cure or
nochnrse; separate home for patients- best skill:
low fees: regulator $2. 904 McAllister st-
LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
lades troubled with irregularities- no danger;
safe and sure; 92 60 express C. O. D. -. don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, CaL
BS. DR. WKOKNtR TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted;
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy au
MRS. J. A. AC HARD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 26 years' experience. 666 Mia.
Bion st ■ - \ • ' . .
RS. DR. SCOTT— FEMALE SPECIALIST;
diseases of the eye treated. 21 Powell su
TF IRREGULAR OK ANY FKMALii DISEASES
see MK3.DR. PUETZ and content 2641-2 4 to.
1 R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE HOMt: IN CONFINEMENT. MKs7
.VDR. FUXCKK. 1416 Eighth »t. Alameda.
TO LEASE. . ~ ~~
QO^A^JD^i^TOßiKrN^r^lA^K^T^^S^ROwc
-£— hotel, with or without ground floor; newly
papered and painted; rent cheap. Apply to Tt \i
UN N A CO ■ -228 Montgomery at. lo & M
TT-OR RKNT Olt LEASE— 6O- VARA LOT~iS"
J? cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent $50 tSI
month. Address J. &, 4*^7 Sanaome st, sTfc\ **• — ~~.— . NHESS CHANCES.
S 550 fln^^ U^ B A X tKG 8 '•x ' : n '- ; L^OF
fine hor 8 ; »„/£.* day: tolabll sn^ «« y^art;
•Mil Tii-BRu^f' Hlld a 8I1U " for 118 money;
T. LL BELSK£, 7 City Hall aye.
8-400 , S n T ATIoIcE^V AND CIGARS; DO-
ket tt • j«,j2 * nlce bu sfiiess: fine locality on Mar-
lnvest' atiof, en « mu K st sold immediately: fullest
6 m ° ney; SCe 1U T -
S A v^->*<,v °,\' KX EK; ESTABLISH 16
Mat- roniw?* 11 opposite carhouse: low
forar rnarft, : ne llv > n apartments* fsuitable
Place t i r Vur Or J5 0tel ! nls is a money-making
Place. T. LU BLLSKI. 7 City Hall avenue, ;. .
5350 r ALOOX AVITn FOUR FINK liv-
nesV- cneaDr? rooma and bath, doing good busi-
the monlv r - e r ut T : ne locality; tine business for
- c m 0 De y- T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall avenue.
$700 ONK OF TUX FINEST RESTAU-
buslness of £.?fV* '° city: *°° a '©cation;' doing
always ml,f- per da established 26 years: has
reason c ,, I " o " 0 - V: staud full Investigation;
ertT and «n "'"' owner «»°vinK Into own pcop^
will iind o» ? y one WRUlin a business of this kind
tblsisara^^ vesugatlon all that is claimed for it:
T. i.m X i.ski, 7 < ity Hall ay.
$850 w u^, )O , N RESTAURANT: OR
ever offend- '« take P f tDe f: the finest chanc*
a^assr* &gix£? ~*
B°fln ce J V * H AKTA ,GOOD SALOON? CHEAP:
rooms- w^mi l^ andfi . xtureß - low rent: 4
8200 IINE BKA - BAKERY, «TA-
sheVv., l ° Uery i al1 ' 1 , nOtion «ore: showcases
»na shelving comrlete: do ng fine- low rent- sacrl-
jce; sickness. MYERS ** G u A H am, 777 .Market.
£600. ■*£%?«*{ AXC RUNNING UP-
■eJlatonce. M\ KUS & GRaIIaM, 777 Market.
Si 25 HOCSE 7 aOOMH; FULL OF BEST-
SDlend"id *iSvp ? S Cnants: low rent ; pick location:
tSday MYKK^fi n for u Bmall capital: see this
io-d«y. MYEKS A GRAHAM, 777 Market St. ■
5375 2£i£P*i ; t3 KOOM.-S UPSTAIRS; 1
w?ll self at sa cr 8 m c . : d^ ilv "«e'P»- W "
cce c e t k sU t0 CaSU bUyen
85000 BrfJ- 0051 ' MARKET ST.: BEST
«sistera- «f- "t ed U . p place on the coast: 2 cash
hand • 7ow r ' eta L laice stock of *** quaUty on
more'than v nt: bus| ness will speak lor Itself;
alidlsrlt?rln alue 4 - «'": owner made fortune
f^qjsjetlrlng. aTENBEKG CO.. 632 Market st.
HnUure? 1 ASH PRl< X >AID FOR FUR-
nuures, restaurants, saloon fixtures and grocery
■locks. SIKNBJ-.RGJ;.!.. 632 Market st.
Tn« BU , V SKLL OK EXCHANUE ABUSI-
ness of any kind see STRAND A CO., 45 Third.
8850 G , BOCt:RV AND BAR; NO. 1 LOCA-
Third su " ; Paya We! 1" STR AND & CO., 46
8800 t>AKT K WANTKIi IN MEAT
m^<U\J\J. market: sure to clear $300 month; fine
norses, wagons, etc. GUS STrtAND, 45 Third sU
$1 9^ "BAKBER SHOP ON MARKET ST.;
*JilA.+*O. make offer. GUS STRAND. 15 Third.
V' )K . BARGAINS IN SALOONS, GROCERIES
-1- and bars see G Us STKAND. 45 Third sU
TTOTEL TO LEASE FUR A TERM OF Y/SAKS;
rr-, new «-story -»tid basement b ick building,
containing 98 rooms; also ground floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block
north of Market st., and one block from Baldwin
iiotel and Emporium building: newly furnished
jnroughout: furniture for sale on reasonable
s «r. For further particulars apply to S. SIL-
VEKBEKG. 3SO Sansome st.. room 39.
"K>OR SALK— ONE Of TlaK OLDEST KSTAU-
Jt llsbed Uquor-saioons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
111 fine order: has a line day and night trade- situ-
ated in the very heart, of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selline. Ad-
Orcss for particulars M. M.. box 100. CsJl t. ffl-e.
ShMTVn KOK SALE — a VARIETY AND
*i?tj\t\j. randy-s'.ore with fixtures, etc; recently
opened: near school; new house; comfortable
living-rooms, bath, Urge yard: rent very moder-
ate; a rare opportunity for man and wife. Apply
at 1389 Hiiu-hi st. , ni-.ir Masonic aye , between 10
and 11 a. m. or 3 and 4 p. m. ■ — v---*™-.
■VTARIETY-^TORK; FINfcST LOCATION IN
1 Haywards; cood trade: will aell for *800 or
Invoice; otuer business cause of selling; call and
Investigate. F. HOC-SON, Haywards; or apply I
at Call Office. "
OLD ESTABLISHED BAKERY; BAKES 2% !
barrels a day; 2 fine horses and wagon; large 1
■tore and outside trade; will sell cheap on account
death in :amiiy; trial given. SKIFF. 921 Market.
IF YOU HAVR A PATENT OR INVENTION
- of any kind for sale or need capital call at Hall
of Inventions, Academy of Sciences building,
room !■;, third floor; op^n evenings.
ADV WITH MEANS WOULD LIKh. GEN-
tleman partner to help purchase fine-estab-
lished business: will furnish equal amount money;
capital required ?1500. K. box 15, Call Office.
lC*C..j-.->lu : .X AND INK-SHOP;
well established; complete stock of bicycles,
sundries, tools, vuicanizer, oven, etc.; opportunity
for a machinist. 1113 Market st. '
QOkIWI BEST -PA ING BUSINESS ' IN-
t?OO\J\J. vestment In San Francisco; station-
err, notions, etc; established 1889; must be sold.'
Address P.. box 35. Cnll Oflicf. . ■
\ * iM.i--.-vil I»'l'lil> SALOON, BILLIARDS j
' ' audcardrooms, corner Bush and Montgomery:
doing good business: no reasonable offer refused;
owner has other business.
ffij x / in BUTCHER-isHOP for sale:
t£)U\J\J. dolnir good business; fixtures worth
the money; reason for selling. Address Butcher,
Call Office. Oakland.
Oil SALE— HALF INTEREST IN OLD-
establUbed corner liquor-store and bar: near
City nail. Call at 103 Powell st. HILBEIIT
BROS.
QdO(> STATION NOTIONS, CIGARS,
0 "!"''• etc. : will sell by inventory; connected
with leading hotel; Market st. HEALY.23 Kearny.
(^ ROCKRY AND BAR FOX SALh: KEPT BY
"X present owner for eleven years; price 600.
SW. cor. Twenty and Bartlett sts.
\\T ANTED— ACTIVE MAN TO BUY HALF-
•'. interest and manage business; will pay $150
per month; $2dQ required. Appiy 6 Eddy, rm. 31.
AT AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. i OWAN BUYS
- stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15. 26 Montgomery.
IWLLY KQUiPPtDPKINTiNG-OFFIC. X; JOB
1 and book work; cost $5000; sell »2000: receipts
*500 month. Address A. A., box 15, Call Olflce. -
--I\ rANTED— partner IN a safe and !
'* rapidly extending business: must have at 1
]<»«■•! 5.000. Apply W. P., bdx 62, Call Office.
VUK ,-Ali'. — i.NX OF Til X OLDEST SA- I
X loons in the city: Battery and Pacific. Call!
early; see owner from 10 to 12 a. m. -
Q97' SALOON ; LIVING - ROOMS AND
O-*- • '-'• cigar-stand: near Market st. ; moie than
value In si'^hu App y Call Office.
fSUTCHER, V. Tin I- \ SO A BUSINESS
X) man, can buy a half Interest In well-equipped
market at 1105-110" Mission st.
LD-ESTABLLSIiLI) CIGA~R-STORh., FINE-
Iy located. -for sale on account of leaving the
city. • Call at 206 Third st. . . . .
Q1 On GEARY ST.— PAYING BAKERY,
ifi)X£\J. laundry office; 30 chickens. KOOi-
MAN, 878 Howard st. . •
EN TLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
VT lady; business clearing if 150 month. Room ;
15. 765 Market st.| '
"iroß SALE— LAUNDRY p.oute. ST. mcho-
X las Laundry, Seventeenth St., near Folsom, i
bet. 9 and 10 a. m. . . .
TO BUY OR SELL A POULTRY RANCH OR ,
X business of any kind see K. Hli_L, 997 Market •
St., room 5. '■■'.'?' I
(jr/iA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR.
•ipUUU. with living-room; low rent. C. G., box
142, Call Office. .- . . .
BAKERY AND NOTION'S; NEAR VALEN-
cIa-sU depot; good business; bargain. Apply
Call Office. . ... . Z.
(Vi ; Al'hlt iWU'i'K IN INTERIOR CITY.
±\ close to San Franclsto. For particulars apply
this office. . ■ ■....• . ■ .
Cj; 1 Of: BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY-
VDXZ.O. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Market.
C>"i r;n partner establish busT
•tJpJ-^vf. ness; pays; office work. 777 Market. r.7
O- X.t-\(\ NBW AND SEt:QND-HAND FURNI-
<T»''"' ture-store for sale. 624 Valencia st.
TO LKT— RESTAURANT^ FURNISHED;
doing good business. Apply a. m. 210Drumm.
SALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Union Brewery, Eighteenth and Florida.
<3j 1 i\f\ RESTAURANT; MUST BEHOLD BY
fS>i VJVt. the 25th; good reasons. 1135 Market.
ft ADY FROM EAST DESIRES GENTLEMAN
XJ partner; small- capital. 665 Market, r. 12.
r\ ENTLEMAN PARTNER (GERMAN)
vJT waned oy a lady. 12 Mason st., room 2.
I WANT A COFFEE SALOON STATE LOCA-
tloii and particulars. I. R., box 93, Call. .-->>'n
AOCA COKl'i X SALOON; PAYING Wi-LL.
is4O\J. Apply 27J4 Sncternt.
GANDY-bTORE AND FACTORY; A BAR-
galn: gcoj stock. Appiy Call Office.
VI tKCHANUISE bTOCKH AND FIXTURES
■I*l bought by J. C. MUTHER. 632 Market, 2.
LADY FROM CUBA DESIRKa GENTLEMAN
partner; small capital. 9 Powell st. room 7.
1 ady li KslKE S a gentleman partner;
XJ $35 capitaL 12 Mason St.. room 2.
X, OR SALE- A FIRST-CLASS SALOON. CALL
X at 114 O'Farre I t.: H. HAAR.
1?lSK HALrON; GOOD DAY AND NIGHT
trade. 817 Kearny.
S~ AL >OX TO LET. «i>9 HOWARD ST., BET
Fourth and Fifth. .*"'£•" -
V>OU i FoX SALrJ ACROSS THE BAY. IV
J.V . quire at Call office. "..,'.-
ATTOIiXKVS-AT-LAW.
I,\ i'ckTFrEK— "DivORCJBTLAWB^A sPECt"
■+* »Jty; private; do charge anless*«nccessfal;aU
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at,-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'yat-law. 850 Market.
MOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER,, 636 PARROT!
X' bulldine: consultations free: moderate fee*.
■JTINGOKE <fc MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
XV law. room 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DVICFFREE; NO CHARGE UNLESS bUC-
cessful. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market su
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOU SAL^"thTs~DaY^T " "" " " ,
— -FOR CASH OR easy PAYMENTS-
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
27-room house. *700| -11- room house. ... $500
10-room house. l. » 0! 24 rooms, corner.. 750 '
55 rooms, cor.. S.OOO 14 rooms onSutter 700
11 rs., must sell 200 66 rooms.bestclty.3,soo
15 rooms, new. 1,250 31-room house.'... 1,400
27 rooms, new. 3,000 110 rooms, corner.. B,ooo
200 rooms, hotel. 11 rooms, only 75
35 rooms.centrl 2.500 10 rooms. Jones St. 300
— SELL AND EXCHANGE REAL KHTATiS—
— AND BUSINESS PLACES OF ALL KINDS —
, H. C. DKCKKR. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
A Q- R OOM HOTEL, CLEARING $200 PER
"O month. DECKER, 1020 Market st. .
pOKNER HOUSE: 32 ROOM*: NICELY FUR-
\J nlshed; 704 Howard st. DECKER, 1028
MarKet si. . . .- < • . .•' ■ -.-._.-■.■•
ON'T BUY OR SELL A LODGING-HOUSE
until you have seen STRAND <£ CO., 45 Third.
I A LOOMS.. $lJ6il» ROOMS. $750
-I U 45 rooms 625 60 rooms 2,000
14 rooms, Suiter. 600:22 rooms -150
66 rooms, fine... 3,250 12 rooms 225
132 rooms, new... .7,500 84 rooms 1.500
UN DERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st. '
Cjnnn LODGING-HOUSE; 23 ROOMS;
' ■"*'■". good furniture and carpets; clears $75.
STENBERQ CO., 682 Market SU - ;.•
T ODGING -HOUSE, 9 KOOMS: REN $20;
XJ water free; good location. B. 8., box 119,
Call OlHce. . . ■ .
<Ui^inn 8 WELI/-FURNISHED ROOMS: 1
tJpiUU. block from Baldwin Hotel. Apply Call.
<StAZ>.{\ 20 Ri OMS: FULL; RKNT $35;
i£)rt.O\J. snap. See SKIFF, 921 Market su
L?UKNISHED HOUSES: 12 to 130 rooms;
r $800 to $100 <). PHKLPS .<; 1 P.. H7 I-arkin.
• FIICNITUKE . FOB SALE.
Ti'lKh- 6A_LcJ ■
-I Prices : bland till goods are completely dis-
posed of. •
Oak bed sets..' , .....,,, $I*sl
Bedlounges. , , 8 )■)
Stoves 75i»
Carpets, per yard ......' 55
Linoleum, per yard...,.,,... 65
Matting, per yard: '....... ' 10
Till our new building is erected these price* will
stand. Till such time we am conducting buslnoii
at BE. corner beveutli nutl Mlssiou au^. i.
NOON AN. :
A(\(\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SKIS. $14;
"Vu stoves, parlor gets. S2O: folding-beds,
$10; bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOH "
lowest prices on household gnois new or o -jjl
us new fa«ti ortlnin. r>i>"n ev»»nln«r<. .
FCBMITOBB WANTED. ;
ASH PAID "FOR eT\tTkE~IIOU s" OR
smaller lots of furniture, carpets, etc, J.
BOWCHKR, 222 Stockton; send postal.
ri>O SELL FUKN I ITRiS TO AD VANTAGE TRY
I M. SILVKRSTaiN.969 Howard st. :send postal
BUCKINGHAM FUKNITUKK ta PAY-.
X> highest price for furniture, carpets etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission St. '
TNDIANA AUCTION CO.. SUCCESSORS TO M.
J.J. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 10.57 Murk.-i. |i»v< cash
1 CARPET CLEANING.
ADV^ArTcfcT cHIPET^CLEANING Cai~4o2
Sutter. tel. Main 394. S. S. FKRGUSON,man,r.
ONES it CO.. MAIN OFFICE -S AAIJ 27;
Eighth s:. : teL Jessie lObl. -V '
•_)C A YARD AT GKF.AT WKSIEKN CARP&T
0 Cleaning Works. 11 Klghth st-
/ Aiil'KT CLEANING. Sc.; LAYING. 3c. : RU«
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME disgusted WITH
" poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353- i.7 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
pO.NKH.N'SCAKI'IiT IKATINU WOKKa. oji
v' Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITV S 1 KA C A CLEANING, RENO V A-
) tins, 38 Bth. STEVKNS, mer. 'lei. south 250.
TvAKPJKtS CLKANKD AND BENOVATKD
\J like new. FERGUSON & CO., i' 3 Tenth: t*.
i-outh so. d. Mackintosh & CO.. succesaorv
I 'iL. 4UTCHKLL LAKi't 1 v_Lt AM.NU CU.. J 4 J
'1 . 14th »r. : cleaning Xc a -nri Tel. Mission 7t'
BICYCLES. — —
Second-hand bargains: crXwforTT
$3'>: Barnes, Sssi Ben Hiir. Ladles', S5O; Fow.
lor, $56; Ladles' Fowler "96," a bargain; also
others.- DAVIS BltOS., 23 Geary st. ;
TTIGH-GRADK 2D-HAN D WHEKLS $25 UP;
XX sundries below cost. 216 McAllister.
"VTEKY FiN '96 BICYCLE FOR $20. DAVID
V N. HaWLEY. 318 Market su
Park cyclery— NEW WHEELS to IKT;
X best accommodations. Termlniu Geary, ilj-
Alllster and Powell st. oar lines. . .
FOB SALE— 311S CELL US.
C 1 A PORtXbI FORG^r COST~S2S?" A?.
t!SXU. ply H. HUFSCHMIDI', 623 Golden
Gate aye. :.-•*._
HUNTING SCOOPr~2O~FEET: 2 SKIFFS;
cabin for 3: cheap. 551 Bryant st. ]
■VTJSW DQMKS'TICIs BWIS'O-H ACHINE; BAR- !
Xl gain: or exchange. 524 Valencia st. '
PLKNDiD .... OAKLAND RESTAURANT;
v.-ill take clear residence property; bargain.
Box 510, Oakland, Cal. •
IpOR A LX- FURN ITUKB AND APPLI-
: ances of smalt hospital. Apply 1620 Broadway. j
"L"»bir~R ALE— BUFF & BKRGER TRANSIT;
J nearly new. EDWARD, 530 California st. '
HIGH GRADE GUITAR; CHEAP. 16% SUM- i
ncr st. ■
ATIONAL CASH REGISTER, COST $200 !
li will sell for $100. R. NICHOLS, 1191 Market.
9 FRKSH FAMILY COWS FOR HALE. AP-
— ' ply 421 Eighth aye., near Point Lobo.i.
rpHOROUGHBRED KNOLISH MASTIFF
■L pops for »ale cheap. 957 Market it. ■ ■/
VTEW ELMWOOD RANGES ARE THE BEST.
■ii W. S. KAY MFG. CO.. 12 California st.
BARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, Mi XI.V
ing, etc, bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
pOFFEE MILL, SCALES, LhTTfcK PKKS-.
V stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 10'j Cluy.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A<> D RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit: get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First at.,
near Mission. -
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYP^WRITKK.
$45: Others from $20 np. REVALK. 409 Cau.
< OILKK3S,ENGINKIS,2D-HANDMACHINERY.
it waterplpes. Mclntoah & Wolpman. 137 Beala.
CO UNIX ii a. SHELVING, SHOWUASKS
bars bought A «o:d- 1121 M ark t. bet Tin & Bth.
LL BABY CARRIAGES and chairs at
cost; hood tops, $5 50 np; repairing; open
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
i) HORSEPOWER GAS OR GAMOLINJK JEN-
j-i Sine; good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st.
. UILDTNGS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHhJ
1 loom, mantels, etc.. for gale. 1168 Mission.
-Vit tiIAU JlhiliLAl A.\U LAKUK SIZiS
fin* »nd bnrg?.-r vroof ».Tf». ''QQ 111 Mr.rlcif. «•
SEWLNG MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
' rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fonrth st.
HOUSES.
ITIOR SALE-LIGHT t-.OAD TK AM OF BLACKS^
X standard bred Eclectics; also standard-bred bay
mare by Eros, well broken; must be sold, or wijl
be exchanged for pacers. Can be seen at 347
Fremont su, and trial given.
EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SETS
X-i of good harness, our own-*lnake, of every de-
scription, tor less money than you can boy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st , 8, F.
T FORRESTER, SALESMAN— 2O DRIVING
X. and work horses: all hones bought and sold
on commission; sales can.be made' at.reasonable
terms according to times. 426 Valencia st.
rpHK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA. j
X lencia St., is the place to go If you want to buy. '
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or bar- ,
ntss; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C|\ HEAD DRIVING ANDWOKK HOKStS;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
"1 C/J SETS NEW AND C-KCOND HAND fIAK-
X-OX) ness, ail kinds; wagons, buggies, snm>7s,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. If 28 Mission v.
1 ARGE YOUNG DRAKTHORSES; HALTER
XJ broken; cheap: Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
C/|iv BJtT NEW AND fe.fc.CON U-H A*S il UAK-
t)W ness; all kinds; buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
<Krockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Al\ HORSES tUX SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
rl\) boggles, carts, harness: -Grand Arcade lion*
Market, 827 Hlx.h st. ; auction sales every Wedne*-
day. SULLIVAN Ar IniYI.K. Auctioneers.
"WAGONS AND CAKBIAGES. :
WrEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS'. LAUN-
Xi dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
°\TK\V & SECOND-HAND WAGONS;BAKEKY.
li laundry and delivery; cheap. 414 Broadway.
L OR -SALiS, AT EASTERN PRICES. FINK
X I carriages of every iption : cash, notes or
installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., 46-48 Bth st., S. F.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
OHnT^TtTiCHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
23; and 27, Crocker building; telephone Main
75, Ban Francisco, Cal. ' -. -.. ■
JOHN K. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER,
attvsa; law, 515. 51 H. 5 li floor. Parrott t>ldg.
:j ■. .■ ■ PROPOSALS. __. j_j
T>ltol i o!?ATs^lT)s"w7L^^ RECEIVED AT
X the office of the Registrar of Voters, City Hall,
for the printing of the Precinct Registers to be
used at the election 10 be held, November 3, 1896,
in accordance with a resolution adopted Septem-
ber 14. 1886. '.-. .- ; ,- -, "
All bids will be opened at •'. a-, meeting of the
Board of Election Commissioners on the 2oth day
of September, 18H6. at 10 o'clock a. if..;.-
Each, bid roust be accompanied by a certified
check, payable to the order of the chairman of the
Board of Election Commissioners, for the sum of
Five Thouoand Dollars ($6000).
W. M. H I XTON. Registrar of Voters.
;. J. . storage! / •'■::■ -.
TpUKNtTUKHi PI A^^^^TKUjTksT " AD^
£ vaiices, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK,2O4Fo«.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896
HOUSES TO LET.
v^» i - monthly -your'kknt wim PAY
tip I • ' fora nice 5-room cottage; house built to
order, $1.. 00 to $200!); payments $200 to $300
cash, balance monthly.' . ■ ■ •■'•#'. 1
K. M. LONG. 3207 22d St., corner Mission. Open
evenings after 7:30 o'clock. ■
E~LEGANT SUNNY HOUSE, 12 ROOMS: COR.
Hi Twenty-lirjt and Guerrero sts.; line vi°w- elec-
trie cars, very low rent; si-e It. Key at corner.
<2».Q HOUSK OF 6 ROOMS; FINE VIEW:
<JpC. healthy. 1571 Kearny St., nr. Greenwich.
C>l li 111 ERIE ST.; 7 ROOM "AND B*TH;
CIU. newly papered and painted throughout;
large yard; cheapest rent' In town; wiitel free.
Apply K. McELKOY, 4 Phelan building. : ..
OUSE NINE ROOMS: FURNISHED OK UN-
furnlsbed; conservatory: tiled bathroom;
crounds; rent low to responsible tr-uan t. 434 Bart-
lett st.; near Twenty-flflb. -, . - •
/• I O FKLL— SLNNY HOUSK OF 8 ROOMS,
Ul- bath, basement, yard: good condition.
J»7C KEDUCKD.FKOM $90 — FINE NEW
0 * ''• and modern residence of IS rooms: 2
Oaths, etc. excellent location for private boarding-
house or residence; close to Vim Ness and Post st. :
a positive bargain: liberal inducements to respon-
sible party. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEiS & CO., i
210 Montgomery su
1 Q1 A VALLEJO, NEAR GOUGH — NEW
I'll house: fine marine view; 10 rooms and
bath; modern improvements: rent very reason-
able to suitable tenant.
LEG ANT SUNNY HOUSK. 8 ROOMS: MOD-
XU em Improvements; rent reasonable^ 818 Me-
AllistersL
-STORY HOU-K 8 HOOSIB AND BATH; $25
0 and water. 625 Octavia St., near Hayes.
HUCBKH IO I'.J-.Ni' i'Uii VKKY ' LITTLE
money ut BALDWIN $ HAMMOND'S, 10
'!"ntrnmerv st. *~ ■ • ■ m ' '> ■ ■
FLKXISHED HOUSES.
TO LKT— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE; 8
rooms; bath; 114 Liberty St., .near Guerrero;
rent $45.- L. a. bOUC & CO.. 465 Valencia »v
OUSE OF 4 KiToWS; $14. 73 FEDERAL
St., off Second, bet. Bryant and Bra-nnaa.
r - I{OOM~EITIi"o U S K. FUKMSHED 0.1 UN-
* niniiMiiM.l. 1312 Pino
COTTAGES TO LET.
inOTTAOE 6 ROOM- B KTH, "AIJLK. YARD,
\J large basement; rent $15. 107 Germania St..
near Flllmore. '
UNN V COTTAGES. 4 AND 6 RwuM-, BAill,
0 ,yard and stable. Fifteenth ana Dolores sts.
A TO 6 ROOM NICE FLATS AND COTTAGES:
"i $10 to $15. BPECK A CO., 602 Market sU
1 TURK— COTrAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO 3-
-1 O*-— room rear cottage: large stable.
NOnA MISSION— DID COTTAGE 8
£C>~^t rooms ann hath: yard: flowpr garden: 818.
FLATS TO LET.
EDUCEIT^ro' $ 1 (5 ; NICK 4-ROOM FLATS;
6, 12 and 22 Birch aye., off Larkin, opp. City
Hall: newly papered, decorated. fell AIN WALD,
BUCKBEE <S CO., 21« and H'jX) MvnteomersU
W.COR. FOLSOM AND THIRTEENTH >T8 —
2 upper flats, <» and & rooms and bath; .1 cot-
tage. 6 rooms and batn and stable for 1 horse and
wagon: rent reasonable. Apply at 113 Thirteenth
su, near Folsom. - - ~ < -
VICE. COZY FLAT: MODERN IMPROVE-
i.\ men large yara: chicken-house; have to.be
seen to be appreciated. 36 Sharon st. (Fifteenth
and Market sts.). , ■
C; 1•> NICE FLAT OF 6 ROOMS: GRATE,
ijiio. yard, water. 3 Ewer place, off 1001 Ma-
son St., near Sacramento. ■
VLAT, 5 KOOMS AND BATH; FINELY DEC-
J orated. 925 Greenwich st.
djj i 4» 4 NEAT ROOMS. 932 a CAPP ST.,
<tjp 1 JL. near Twenty-fifth.
rpWO NICE FLATS; 5 ANu6R»o-uS; xiAllx;
x cheap. 737 Minna St., near Ninth.
UNN V TOP FLAT: 4 KOOMS; ALL LATEST
improvements. 713 Grove sU
(J.IA U rPER FLAT; 4 ROOMS AND BATH ;
«!ri-U. yard; a 1 separate. 4212 Nineteenth sU
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT. OR
J- cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu 1. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I QQ SEVENTH— CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS,
100 bath. ■_
\TICii .SUNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS
i-> and bath: $27 60, 833 HaighU corner Webster.
TTT^TTir\'E?rBoTN^HT7UsEnFIt6TrM^~TN~2
ttlO flats, newly papered; painted; large yard;
$25, water free. • . . . : _
11 ' I GUERRERO. COKNER TWENTY-
-1 I«>J. fourth— 4, 6 and 7 rooms; sunny fiats;
12, $16 and $18. '
CO ' SUNNY FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH AND
V 1 O. yard. 1724 Folsom su, near. Thirteenth.
O LOVELY. FLATS, 4 AND 6 ROOMS, BATH,
•-i gas: large yards; in perfect order: 4 rooms,
$13; 6 rooms, $15; water free. 3928-3930 Nine-
teenth sU. bet. Noa and Sanchez. ,
VT ICK SUNNY FLATS OF -i OK 5 ROOMS AND
Xi bath: reasonable. 6 Dearborn eu, off seven-
teenth, above Valencia.
\\ANTKD— 2OU GOOD TENANTS; KENTS,
- ' » from $10 up for flat*, . cottages. SPECK <£
CO., 602 Market st. ■ . ,
1/ LA i"« TO WKNT FOR VKKY LITTLK
X money at BALDWIN at HAMMOND'S, 10
-Montgomery st.
Cji »> FLAT 4 ROOMS; 21 RITCH, NR. FOL-
XO. som. Apply to H. PLANZ, 525 Geary »t,
IF YOU \VA.\T 1 0 KENT « 'X bELL A HOUSE
1 »<*» OHO. W. H. PATTER A CO.
L' i-l'^H Ki-AT U( 4 KuOMS AND BATH: 2
1 bay-win.iows; sunny side Lily aye.; rent $14.
41^i 3 Lily aye. ' - ■ ■
SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROPMS EACH;
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harrison, opp. 18th,
TTPPERFLAT, 6 ROOJIS; BATH; CELLAR;
(J opposite Lurline Baths. Key 1212 Larkin.
»/1 70 FIFTEENTH ST., NEAR MARKET—
—i. ■ O .-unny flat of 6 rooms and bath: ?14.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
Eddy Street.
91 Q EDDY— 2 CONNECTING ROOMS, $9, IN
— 1 ( ' rear; 2 single, sunny rooms, 86.
Ml 7 EDDY— 2 OR 8 NICELY FURNISHED
OX i housekeeping rooms: private family.
Ellis Street. ; ,
QOfl KLLIS— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O*jVP rooms. In rear, $12; also 1 large room.
/'QU ELLIS, COR. LAKKIN— BAY-
\JOO window: kitchen: water; gas stove; bath.
1 nth Street.
Ql A FIFTH— LARGE SLXSY FRONT BED-
OXfx room and kitchen; bath; yard; no chil-
dren; 811. . - -
t'olsom strcu..
CO' FOLSOM— LARGE SUNNY ROOM, $6
OijO month: light housekeeping.
oiaiy -troo .
A 1 Q GEARY — NEWLY FURNISHED
JrJ V rooms; comple.e* for housekeeping; $10
upward. '. •
&OO PL( | FDR ADULTS; 5 ROOMS. BATH:
— -•»"• all necessaries; 2 beds; reference
required. 1917 Geary st,
«. uiuou «.ute Aveuug.
in A GOLDEN GATE A YE.— FINELY FUR-
XOXKJ nisbed bay-window alcove; housekeep-
ing privileges: $10.
Harriet Street, j
9Q HARRIET — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
•-•' housekeeping: also single.'
iiitirihon Street. '
7 OQ HARRISON— 2 NICELY FURNISHED
• Ot7 rooms for housekeeping; no children.
hoWMrd- Street. ..
099 HOWARD— SUI'I K OF ROOMS
O_Z. for light housekeeping, with bath, cheap;
also single rooms. -
QI 7 HOWARD — 3 OK 4 NKWLY FUR-
OX I nisbed rooms; first floor: sunny yard. : ; -
I OQI HOWARD— 3~R-.»i)Ms, ' FURNISHED
ivtll for housekeeping: $8. Apply top floor.
IAQI HOWAKD (BARBER-SHOP) — NICE
XxJOX room suitable light housekeeping; rent s 3.
"I 1 A A HOWARD— FRONT HOUSEKEEPING
liii suites; $10 and $15. ■■-:■■
i)esBle Mrce:. :
(>& A JESSIE — MIDDLE FLOOR: THREE
UOW nice rooms, yard and cellar; rent $12.
Lurk in street. ;',' '" •
09/^ LARKIN— 3 ELKG ANT SUNNY HOUSE
O—\J keeping apartments; central. ■
Lewis Street. ;
"I n LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR. NEAR POST-3
X*J unfurnished sunny upstairs rooms; 811. >
JUUIIH --IVKIB.. 
Z\AtK MINNA-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
O7L\J rooms, comple.e for housekeeping.
. ■ . B ■"'"» *>>> •««». .; "
QOAI MISSION— ROOMS FURNISHED- UN-
OOt:3 furnished; $5 up; for housekeeping: also
others. ....:.. .
191 Q MISSION — FURNISHED HOUSE-
X&XO keeping rooms: gas: bath; no children. ■
i Naiomi Mice,, ;
NATOMA-2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
iiOyf -. housekeeping rooms; 2 closets; $8.
>mtl» Street.
Ofi NINTH, NR. M A RKET-PKO.VT SUITES
L\J tor light housekeeping or single: grate.
» 1-1 N .NTH — BAY-WINDOW tlob • ToR
Z.X light housekeeping: running water: also
others.. '• -■ , ' , ■/. ' . , - .
m NINTH— AND BACK PaKloß
I _*- suite, furnished for hoosekeeplng; gas and
bath; cheap. -.-- - ...-, .;
'. Point Lodos Avenue. . •■
91 OA POINT LOBO>— 2 FURNISHEn SUN-
JL \-U ny rooms ior housekeeping; Lath; no
children; $12. • •■- / .
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued,
hecond' Street.
A 99 SECOND — SUNNY ROOMS; H«»USE-
J__- keeping: water: bath: other rooms; $4 up.
m SIXTH - ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
I —"1 housekeeping; elegant sunny suites and
single rooms.
9.4 J. SIXTH — 2 FINELY FURNISHED
wrtrt front rooms; cow pie. housekeeping: $14,
Twentieth Street. - .' .
Q^t99 TWENTIETH, NEAR VALENCIA—
O\jjj£i 2 sunny connecting furnished rooms:
housekeeping.' • ■ " - . ■■ ; ' ' ■
iweiitj-Mii:: Biiuo.,
QQP:f: TWENTY- SIXTH — FURXISHKD
'JOUiJ rooms for housekeeping, i 8 to $10; single
$4 and $5. .. .
Valencia Street
1 1 Q?\ VALENCIA— EXTRA NICE HOC6E-
XXOO keeping rooms; unfurnished; 2or 4; with
bath; sunny ; reasonable. * '. -
\ mv .-.ens Avmiuff,
71 A VAN NESS AYE. — SUNNY FRONT
I X\J rooms, completely furnished for house-
keeping: $18. * -
BOOMS TO LET.
Clara Street.
I£J CLARA — 2 TENEMENTS, 3 OR 4
lUi rooms each; $8. -.— ".-' '
JDevit>adero Street.
I QQQ DEVISADERO. COR. CALIFORNIA—
J 000 Elegantly tnrnish6d sunny rooms.
'?;...'-; . nay Street.
41 EDDY. COR. MASON— BKATJTIFUL SCTN-
t"-L ny rooms; permanent and -transient; tel
Jessie 211. '
r; 11, KDDY — I'CKMsHKD ROOM ; RUN-
I »'' ning water; lower floor: $5 per month. •
1 9J.1l KDDY, COR. BUCHANAN— COZIEST,
■» J~X\t cleanest, sunniest single room in town.
CHERMAS AFAKT-MlOiT HOUSK. ?«? «tH
0 si., near Market: rortilsto»d and unfurnished.
j j» V) -eo..
THF. BAMOS.V. 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATRS.
X HART, manager— A quiet house: rentmlly lo-
rated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cold wa.er.
091 ELLIS, near TAYLOR— FOrt best
O^j I lodging we recommend the Kasedale House.
1 oihiun street.
Q?;71 FOLSOM-SUNNY FRONT AND OUT-
-00 I 2 side rooms, $5 and upward per month.
--■--■■:.■. • iveary.'Sttreet. 1
Cl Q GEARY-RENOVATED AND NEWLY
1 (. furiiM sunny handsome parlors;sultes,slngle
91 7 GEAKY— 3 SUNNY KOOMS IN REAR;
-I i cottage; key premises.
Howard Mreei.
QQCB HOWARD — NEWLY FURNISHED.
OOU clean light rooms from $5 up: private.
uJUf Stree..
CQD HYDE— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO
' tiiini'4 strem.
907 .♦nKW-THK VAX WINKtR: JTKW
«-" • mnimuemrnt: rlecaat sonny unites anJ
tingle: newly turalahed : bath. etc.: Slu to *Hi>.
L.'C .. iirnr Mr««..
'. RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KEARNY -
- V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable.
i~utj»in tfitmml.
A ( )Q LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED AND
~t~. O sunny rooms, suite or single; housekeeping
if desired.
...i-ljtf., Mluo..
pUSTER, 906 MARKET AND 9 ELLIS— SIN
\J gle front rooms and suites: 50q to $1 60 per
menu $3 to $3 per week: oflloM to let.
V OsJ'.JllTi'. HOL'.-K. liJio MAKKKT — I't.K
J. nißhi. »5c to $1 : week. $1 50 10 $5: families.
ji<A:u»;«>r sirui:;.
99A1 mcallistkk] OPP. CITY HALL—
-*■"? Large sunny furnished and untarnished
rooms; suitable for offices: also 2 suites.
; .- - .a.-. (Ml -.»♦;«>..-
C 47 MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
01 I rooms by day, week or month, 25c to $1
per day.
1 (yjO MISSION— 2 NEWLY FURNISHED
-LUGO front rooms: also single rooms.
Pine Street.
QQQ PINE, NEAR POWELL— NICELY FUR-
-000 nlnheit sulie: also single; entirely new.
1 PIXE-LAKGK BAY-WINDOW;
JLO^JO front room; also 2 large back rooms. ■
• ' lost Street.
9«» POST— BUILDING 18 MOST CEN-
;^Ot>trally located; best appointed offices and
apartments in the city : every room large, light and
airy; Bentleman's apartments furnished or unfur-
nished: all modern conveniences, elevator.
71 'J POST— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS;
I XO en snlu or single, private bath. Also, sun-
ny basement furnished or ut.furnis'd: small stable.
• :.::-, I-owell Street. "
99' POWELL — LARGE SUNNY CORNER
— — •) room-; new furniture: basement room: $8.
: ■ &e\«ntn street. *
"I An BEVKNTH-PLKAWANT ROOMS FOR
X-t*j housekeeping; also single rooms.
.•ii.th Street.
GO SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS; NEW FIRK-
-00 proof building; all conveniences; quiet. -
Stockton Street.
TT'UKOPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
-LJ nlshed suites. $4 to $10;;sini;le rooms, *1 50 to
$3 week: s<>c to $2 night: hot and cold running
water in every room: baths; elevator; transient.
■ftuiier >treej.
7AQ SUTTER, COR. ELEGANTLY
1 UO newly furnished sunny rmi; suite or single.
■Jill SITTER — NICELY FURNISHED
1111 room*, suite and single; reasonable.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH-ONE, TWO OR THREE LARGE
sunny rooms.
Hunt Stree:.
01 7 THIRD— LARGE, SUNNY, (LEAN RMS.;
OX I double or single; aay, week or month.
\ .».i .\c»» Avenue,
CIQ VAN NESS AYE. -LARGE, SUNNY
0 1 O room and kitchen: 812. ■■..■■■■
BOARDING AND BOOKS.
THoA^TAI-IF^R^i^^pin^AS^NT^^UN^JY
1 OL,\J alcove room: also others; newly fur-
nished; with board.
A. )A EDDY — KLKOANTLY FURNISHED
1— 1 rooms; tabl« and appointments strictly
first class. ; :':;■-. .
Q1 X VAN NESS. NR. O'FARRE H AN D-
i'lO Bom#ijr furnished suite; bath, dressing-
room adjoining; use of piano, parlor, etc.; superior
table; private family: flower garden; couple or
yonngmen; fine location for physician : reasonable.
71 9 POST — ONE NICE FUK-MoliKD
• X£i room, with board, suitable for two young
men; use of parlor and piano: $20 each.
Jl9 EDDY-LOVELY SUNNY PARLOUS,
'I I- with board for 4 young men: $20 each.
OOM AND BOAKD IN RKHPEoFaHLE PKI-
X\» vate family: : lady preferred; reasonable. 601
Dolores st., near Twentieth. .
7»>7 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHKD
tOt parlors or single; use of piano; board op-
tional. ... J
I PU)Q Dh.VISADKRn_FURNI«sHED ROOMS
XUW with board; $20 per month.
HU'lf.l, BIiKTJLXN«i. '<14 i>UbU-A FAMILY
hotel: refereucea slveu urn required; kit mod-
n'i cnriVHnl<»nci»«. -■=- ' ■
STOKES TO LET. ~ ~
JAmTE^r^RlC^vrrli^p^TTrD^rE^F^io^^
XJ and- show-windows; located 420 • Sutler *st_
Apply to H. .VcKLKQY. 4 Pbelan building.
OFFICES TO LET. ' ~
"HT^s'uWkST^cor! swvT : rLinrsijjfSrY'
O\J\J front suite. suitable for physician; others.
CALIFORNIA AND LEIDESDOKFF (L. AND
L. and G. building— Sunny offices; light water
heat and janitor services tree: t-lectrlc elevator-'
rent from $10 up. Apply 422 California st. • '
Tj^lNE OFFICES: 23 KEAKNY ST.; SUIT 4.-
X 1 ble for any business. '. • •
SPRKCKELa BUILDING. 927 . MARKKT—
Elegant snnnv offices. $12 60 np; electric-light-
beating and Janitor service free. • Apply at bntldln/
ore;. H. UMBSEN A CO.; 14 Montgomery itu • :
.". HALLS TO LET. ... '..
ALL WITH ACCOMMODATIONS FOR 800
to let by the night: terms low. 610 Bryant.'.
— LEGAL NOTICES.
CREbfroRIB^rESTATr^ T^-
1> SARAH L. ADDISON, deceased. Notice is
hereby given by the undersigned, WALTER F
TILLMAN, administrator of the estate of SARAH
L. ADDISON. deceased, to the creditors of and
all persons having -claims 'against the said de-
ceased, to exhibit them with tne necessary vouch-
ers, within four month* after the first publication
of this notice, to the said administrator, WALTER
F. TILLMAN, at room 23, Crocker building in
the city and county of Sau Francisco, the same'be-
ing his place tor the transaction of the business of
the said estate in the city and county of San Fran-
cisco. State of California.
WAi.TKiI F. TILLM AN, administrate of the
estate of SARAH L. ADDISON, deceased*
Dated at Ban Francisco, August 31, 1896.
' CITY REAL "■* ESTATE.
O97PL 40x106:3 E. SIDE TARA ST., NEAR
tip** I Kf. Unadiila San Miguel Homestead
Association. . ■ .
$90—25x90: K. side Orizaba St., 125 feet N. of
Lubos; Railroad Homestead Association.
$2760— 2-story residence; 2 flat*: lot 25x80: bet.
l«th and 18ih. Mission and Valencia sts. CHAS.
C. FISHER, 507 California si -
SMALL, BRIGHT. NEW HOME: $50 CASH,
0 $15 per month. D. PRATT, Fruitvaie station.
1 HK MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market ft., S.F. : see It,
CtiOlCi. Hoj.E LOTH, $350. ■
I can sell you choice building lots for 360.
to be paid in installment iof $5 cash and $5
monthly. The street • work is all done;
graded, sewered and macadamized. ■ Call or
send :or a diagram. Installment lo:s a
specialty. - . - - . -..--- - *.. .
E. M. LONG, 8207 Twenty-second St., cor. of
Mission. Open evenlpgs after 7:30 o'clock.
01:1 Ufltl COTTAGE 5 ROOMS, LOr 45x100,
riTi-UV/V/. in Berkeley; $100 down. $20 month.
ly: $500, lot 50x125. $20. down, $10 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILKY. 20 Montgomery St. ..
SUBSTANTIAL MoDEKN HOUSES BUILT;
»^ $150 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
L"OR BALE-f.LKOA.NT NEW MODERN RES- |
X: idences situated on:Gough st., near Broadway; j
contain 8 to 12 rooms., all in < dern conveniences:
fine. view; good neighborhood;- complete air. et
work; these bouses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere: terms easy: houses open. >. . .'•
djj XAA CASH, BALANCE SAME AS KK.\T,
«jpt>V/V/ for a new house on east »ide of Cole st.,
near Waller: 8 rooms ami bath; kinre lot a 5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises. ■
J-. / PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
"kiThOUSEhTnd" LoW.^^RolT^ooT^^"
O\r t0.. •...;........:....... .............:....510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to. . . 15,000
V 0 houses, Oakland, Alameda, $1000 to. B,o' 0
100 business place*, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
WHAT have YoU TO OFFER?-
I SELL and EXCHANGE ; i -—
All kinds of property . ■ — — ■ -■ ■ ■
H. C. DKCKER, 1020 Market st. opp. Fifth.
On ACRKS UNCULTIVATED LAND; SO
O\r miles south of Portland, Or.; exchange for
city lodging-house or restaurant. 17 Third, rm. 22.
IVIDEND-PAYING STOCK (8 PER CKNT
per annum) for sma'l home in San Francisco
or Oakland. Room 61 j. Safe Deposit building, 8. F.
T^OR EXCHANGE, NEAR I.OS GA'IOS, ' A
I- choice orchard home for good clear property in
San Francisco or Oakland. Address box 298, Los
Gutos, Gal.
SKNDFOROUR LISt OF OHCHAHi* KU.VUiS
0 lor sale. WOOSTKR <fc WHITTOX. San Jo*».
1* > Ul k A ChM 1 1 .ii BE RLA N KKli X CO. ;
— CH» vinter: nnpforcatlle-nlsing. N..bx.l6Call
MONEY TO LOAN. "~
$iA(i Finn AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
WX\J\J.\)\J\J and Oakland; life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates: any sura.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEK&CO., 218-220 Montgy
A D VAN CES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHER
-^V. jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: loweA- rates. BALDWIN JEWELKIT"
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTK.lt-
'■st per month for each 81000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONKY LOAN tO ON! JKWKUY AND
other Taluables at the Security Loan Office,
i Market it. .nr. Mason: prlvats entrance 7 Turf.
1 \IRECT ON YOUK t'liKM'l OH PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68. Danohua Lldg. 1170 Market «.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 21* or 3D iIOKTUAUK-i.
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate la un*-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Monteotner^. room 3.
NY AMOUNT; LOW RATE; IST & 2D
mortgage: flat or Installment. Dryden,s3s "Cal. I
RKALKSIAfE:ADVA.\c..Mis t.\ iS
/ pianos, furniture. SPECK <fc CO., 602 Market.
PRIVATE PARTY LOANS ON AST GOOD
X security: low interest. . N., box 15, Call Office.
OANS ON FUUNIIUKE AND PIANOS
without removal; low interest. R. 3, 'Jib Powell
A DyANCESONDIAMOND».JKW KIKV, i. 1\!
-"> Columbia Loan A Collateral <Hnri». V tiran- vt%.
fli* XA UP; NO DKLAY: IST AND 2D AIORT-
O\J gages : Int. In estates. MUKPHY.623 Mrkt
Savings BANKS' BOOKS bought, ROOM
615, Sate Deposit building, San Francisco.
MONK\ TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McK' /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st.
1 DANS ON ALL SECURITIES. ROOM 1,
I ' 24 Montgomery St. •
PAWNBBOKKUS.
WISE AND HAVE INTEREST; MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and >e-
curity Office, r 7, Flood b:.ig : entrance SOU MkL
AT 126 KKARN i ST., ROOM 9— MONK V
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;'
private room's: elevator: olMtce-t for sale chfao.
■ FINANCIAL. ~~T,
MONEY ON HAND~TITTaAN~7>N~RT2AL
estate In lo:s of $. 00 to {50,000; no delay.
W. H. BUSCH, 410 Pine st.
<£] (\{\ (\C\l\'*" LOA NAB LOW AS BA N
<ipI yU.UUU Apply rm 222.Cal.safe l>ep.Bld:
~ MUSICAL INSTRUBIEJVTS^ ™~
TJARGAIN: PIANO FOR $75, $100, $175, $200
L* and $250. at MAUVAIS'. 761 .Market st.
ALL -MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
prices, pi».no* to rant' and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS', 769 Market st.
A 4-STORY BUILDING. .CORNER OF"
"■ Kearny and sutter sts., full of pianos; these
Instruments are for sale on monthly payments of
*«, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to steinway Baby, Parlor and concert
Grands: why. pay rent when better pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments? every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat Etool and draped !
cover Included: no charge for druyace: pianos
kept in order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., cor. Kearny and Suttt-r sts.. also
OaKland, Cal., Portland, Or.. Seattle. Wash.; Stein-
way representatives for tne Pacific Coa.su
BUY PIANOS AND ORGANS IN CAKLOAD
lots and for cash, and being In mr own build-
ing, with no rent to Day, I can offer any one desir-
ing an Instrument better value for less money than
any other music house in San Francisco: investi-
gate an! be convinced. HARRY bCOTT, 526
Hayes st.
A CrUALLY THIS BEST BARGAINS IN PI-
A anos; nee our list for this week: pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10. $15. $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 935 Market St.. opp. Mason.
N IMMKN&E STUCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices; remember
ours is the oldest and largest music-house west of
Chicago: call or write. KOULER <& CHASE, 28
O'Farrell st., San Francisco. ,
LINK PIANO AT LOW KENT. INQUIRE OF
J W. C. HA MILTON. 334 Post at. "
PROFESSOR OF MUSIC. OBLIGF.D TO DIS-
X pose of a fine Hardman piano, offers It at about
half cost. Flood building, room 12, 809 MarKct.
]>KTIRINO FROM BUSINES-— PIANOS AT A
XV sacrifice to promptly close oat stock: Knabe, .
Haines and Bush & Ueru. A. L. BANCROFT &
CO.. 324 Post st. .
Q* 1 A A STANDARD UPUIGIIT: CO.-m »,i >i;
i-*i"". on $5 Installments. 221 Leaven*orth.
V\f ANTED — CHEAP SKCOND- HAND UP-
» » right or square piano; cash. R.. box 72. Call.
it I t\f\ BURLED walnut UPRIGHT bos-
OIOU. ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Tost.
VI AONIFICENT BTKINWAY UPRIGHT AND
JL'J Schubert: little used: sacrifice. ICI9 Van Ne»ss
GOOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOX CA>H.
SCUM nz, Iff McAllister, next HlDernla Bank.
\\r 1-. B.iDGEK. SULK AGENT *Oit HALLKI'
"» .& Davis and Francis Baron pianos. 408 r'ac'to
HIOKJiiUNIi. kSAUK, 6.IKCK. VOSjK. STKK-
ling pianos; see our new piano .'or $187; planet
rent. BKSJ. t'UKTAZ * son, 10 'FarreU.
•ViKON . JlAu/,V, SUB POSl" ST.— SOHMiiit
J-» Newbv & Kvanv J-trieci and other rilano^.
UPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITUKIIS, OLDANKW
0 H. MILLER, maker, repairer. - Latham ul»c\
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 7 5 CENTS — THJ*
•**- WF.KKLV CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. '
. DENTISTS. ~~~ ~~s
CROOME DENTAL ASsoTI aTrSoTTt^MAR^
\J ket," bet. 3d and 4th: gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, »1; plates. $5 up: fill, $1 up.
\\H. DLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting whei
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c: gas given.
DR. litoaue: W. LEEK, izlK gji.ni.ink
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell
•LULL SKT OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
X I five years; extraction, 60c.: fillings, 60c:
crowns, $3 50. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
L'IRST-CLASS DENTISTRY; KIKST-CLASS
X 1 prices: first-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6376. W.C. ARDINO.M.D., 600 butter
1 \H. i» I. 1 KA.N7.- KXTU ACTION i'AIM
XJ crown • work. Icrldce work «nd . teeth wllaoas
plates a specialty. 103 Geary r,t.. cor. Grant ays.
<I>7 A fsliT FOR .TKKTIi: WAKKANTJSU A* |
*0 * good as can be made: till ins $1. Dr. SIMM-*
CeDtisu 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. -
■pAINLK&d EXTRACTION", 6Ol; CROWN
X tiidc* work a specialty; plates, $5 up; la veari
experience. K. L. WaLSH. D.D.H.. 81584 Geary.
LL WORK TO SUIT WARRANT K D.
DR. KKa, 1870 Market st,, front City Hail.
K. DUCKKTT. 1703 -. POsT ST.. NEAR BD-
cnanan: ens given: crown and bridge won;. '
LL WORK KEASONABLK AND WARr
ranted. DR. J.W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A r^A.l'K. l>li. ti.
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su . - . ,
1 K. J. J. LttK, l2U<i MAitKKT. COR. UULUKN
XJ Gute »ye.— Open evenings:, sun>iav» till noon.
~~ PHYSICIANS. ;
rTcT ti O'DONNELL, 1206 MARKKtTcOrT'
Golden Gate aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
I vON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market at.: his 30 years',
(occeasfui practice la a guarantee of fair treatment;
Ue worst cues treated satisfactorily by mail. ;
■ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. |
ARMING THAT PATS— SO CWT. HORSE
X beans per acre, ■ -zo tons ereen corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, lisOO bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steele
Estate; richest land in California: iv tracts from
0 acres up: also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times: terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land; the best is cheapest. D. D. BARNARD.
Edna. San Luis Oblspo Co . al.
IJ AHGAIN— ACRES OF LAND, WITH GOOD
•-» house and ban; plenty of water; is on. main
county road and only 5 minutes* drive from San
Mateo railroad station. For particulars i ddress J.
Lk CORNEC, Mlllbraa Store. Millbrae, Cat. .
ARGAIN — RANCH PLEASANTLY SITU-
■ ' ated In the foothills, overlooking Napa Valley,
about six miles from the town of Napa; suitable
for a summer resort, a nice country home or a
fruit or chicken farm: large bouse and barn:
stock, tools, etc. For particulars address P. O.
box 239, Napa. Cal.
\ *SIUNEK!S SALE. "~ ' ~
-iV 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pleasamon, Alameda County; 1 iZ hours
from San Francisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre. Room 57, ■ chronicle building,
San FranUsoo.*; -"'■*,
NY ONE WANTING A. RANCH FOB
-il. grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance io 6 or 7 years, apply 826 Montgomery st.
1 11TLK HOMES. CLOSE To TOW.>, IM-
XJ proved: easy terms;- also 4 to 12 acre pieces
"on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Souoma
City: every Monday at- 632 Market st., S. F. j
ALFSKCTIONOFGOODLANDIN TULARK
County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sun Francisco. Address A, box 87
Cull Office. -■-■..' .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. '.
pro! FOR FITCHBURG!
to-day take your family and
friends OUT on THE fitch-
burg, san LEANDRO AND
HAYWARDS LOCAL.
See Southern Pacific Time-Card. ■
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
n^ THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
Alameda, Berkeley and Fruitvaie trains singed
by the Fitchburar scorcher. Haywards electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes.
If you are tired of life and want to get oft the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fitch-
burg. - - •.
Fitchburs Is the most promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private im-
provements in ibe vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damou's line of fast-sailing vessels on
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roads
leading to it. are incon estible proofs. It'ls regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW Is THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home while cheap: for speculation on a
rising market; for a turn be first for investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; no street
Improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought In many of the one-street tracts in
an inaccessible hay field, ■ - •- - - J
Lots 25 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street; double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash; deferred payments In easy Installments-
title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F. 1
THAD. 8. FITCH, Fltchburg.
W ILL BUILD COTTAGE-.; FIRST CASH
»» payment $10 to $150, balance monthly: 40
completed In Oakland to choose from; free convey-
ance. L. L M. SALSBURY. 902 Broadway.
V SPECIALTY IS ~"
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-roonl house $25
1-story modern 6-Voom cottage... 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MORK.
WM. M. DkWOLK, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector. 1050 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAyp ROOMS TO Let!
THE ARLINGTON. NE. COR. NINTH AND
Washington sts., Oakland: a few choice suites
cau now be obtained; table unexcelled; reason-
able rates; unquestioned respectability.
I^-UITE ROOMS AND BOARD IN SUNNY
t^ East Oakland; cars pass the door: large
grounds; pleasant home for invalid or elderly per-
son. 1683 Fourth aye.. East Oakland.
AfAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE—I43S PARK STREET.
AI.A3JIEDA KEAL ESTATE.
(&('n/l l "" l LOT 60x160; GOOD LOCATION;
(ip\J\l\r, easy terms.
$1800—33x150; cottage of 4 rooms and bath;
easy terms.
lVi acres at Fruitvale, with good 4- room cot-
tage: price $1500.
$5000— 50x150; house of 9 rooms and bath.
BEST LOCATION.
To exchange for San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; rally located.
Houses to let in all partsot Alameda; oiUce open
Sundays aud holidays. Alameda Laud company,
1600 Part st.. A ameda. .
ALAMEI^A HOUSES TO LET.
TO LET, TO^RE^KJoTsIBTIE^^ATtTicEsrAN
■ X 11- room house with carpets, mantel mirrors,
curtain-poles: large garden, wiil be taken care of;
on Central aye., one block from Morton-st. station
N. O. R. R. Address A. B C.. box 75. this office.
. BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
,<2» Qc'n FOB, A 6-ROOM: COTTAGE^, LARGE
t^HJOyJ lot. bath, etc.: easy terms. W. G
MORAN, Lorin station, Berkeley.
Cfc"l kAA FOR A 6- KOOM ■ COTTAGE AND
<JP X. V\J\J an acre of ground: $500 ca-ih, balance
to suit purchaser. W. C. MORaN, Loriu station,
Berkeley. ■ 
7^o SUITABLE FOR A CHICKEN
W I O\J. ranch: nearly an acre of ground right
in the center of beautiful Berkeley, fronting on
the railroad. JOS. J. MASON, Dwlght way station.
C"1 OOJJ liuaiKS FOR Kh.Nl' UK iOtt stALK
T on easy term*. O. U. MAY it CO.. real uauu*,
building »nd loans :'l'.''< renter «t..'»rk«-W.
BEKKELEY HOUSES. -
b^~R^NT^IN~BERkELEY, CONVENIENT
to train, school and university; a completely
furnished house of 9 rooms; bath and laundry;
with stable and chicken-house; cheap to desirable
tenaau Address MINOT SCOTT, Berkeley P. 0.,
Cnl.
~~ TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpKUbTEES' SAIJi-^TIkC^CO^D^VNCE^VITH
J. the terms and under the authority of a cer-
tain deed of trust, duly executed by SaMUEL
HAIGH, party of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the San Fran-
cisco Savings Union, party of the third part, dated
January 26th, 1893, and recorded in the office of the
County Recorder of the County of Merced, .state of
California, in Liber 5 of Trust Deeds, at page 185,
and following: and in pursuance of a resolution
passed on the 27th day of August. - 1896, by the
Board of Directors of said SAN FKANCISCO
SAVINGS UNION, a corporation, and the holder
of the note (No. 12,223), to secure payment of
which the aforesaid deed of trust was executed,
declaring that default had - been made in the pay-
ment of the principal. sum and other sums, due
under said note ana deed of trust, and requesting
and directing said HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
iHADUKCS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the real
estate described therein to satisfy said Indebted-
ness:
We. HEXRYC. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY,. the *a»th day of September, A. D.
1896, at 12 o'clock noon of. that day, arid at the
auction salesroom of Easton, Eldrldge & Co.. No.
638 Market street, In the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the. highest bidder, for cash in- gold
coin of the United States, the piece or parcel of
land situate In the County of Merced, State of Cali-
fornia described as follows, to wit*
Commencing at the southeast corner of section
thirty-six (36), in township - nine (9) south, range
nine (fe) east. Mount Diablo base and meridian,
and running thence west alon* the south lino or
said section thirty (30) feet to the Badger Fiat
c-ountv road: thence north along said road four
hundred and flfiy-four one-thousandths of a chain
(.454 eh.) to the north line of said road, thence
west alonir said north line -nineteen chains fifty
links (19 50 eh.) to the easterly line of the and of
Hooper: thence north aloni; said Hooper's east
line eighteen chains twenty links (18.20 CD.^:
i hence west along said Hooper's north line ten
(i 0) chains: lhe;.ce south along Hooper's west
Dae two chains sixty-six links ('2.6<i eh.) to the
north line of the land of Manuel Moreno; thence
west along sold Moreno's north line fifteen (15)
chains to the northeasterly line of the Pflster
county road; thence northwesterly along said line
of said road to the midsection line running north
and south through said section : thirty-six (36):
thence north : along said midsection - line to the
north line of said section; thence east along said
north lino to the northeast corner of said section ■
and thence south along the east line thereof to the
poiut of commencement* '
. Being a portion of tne' east half (E. V 2) of said
section thirt.v-slx (86), In township nine {a) south,
range nine (9) east, Mount Diablo base and me-
ridian, and containing two hundred and seventy-
two (272) acres of land more or less. i
Together with the appurtenances.
Terms of sale— Cash In gold - coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts 01 sale at purchaser's expense.
.--.:,-; HENRY C. CAMPBELL, ,_.
THADDEUS B. KENT. • . f Trnsteas. ■
TYPEWRITERS.
CALI^RAPH, $16, $35: YOST, $30: REM-
ington, $50. SCOTT & 8., 333 Montgomery su
BIAKRIAGE LICENSES.
7 he following marria,-«..icen<ies wereissusl *'
the County Clerks office yesterday-
R. Patterson and Clara Parrel!, 27—21. ' '
N. J. Greathead and Hub/ E. Robinson, 22—24.
F. A. Rockhold and Mary K. McLeod. 27—
. D. J. Mooney and Nettle Davis, 40— 30.
N. Hansen and Katharine M. Joii!iP.aes<?n,2B—
A. Strem and Jenny Johansoa, '29— 22.
N. R. Hans -ii and Kmma. K. Perkins, 40—34.
J. Gayterou and Ann* >cnourre, 29—21.
Georje-F. Mas on ami M<rv Kelliv-. 2-1—
'IHii DIVOUCK UL.tOi,u.
Divorces granted:
Fiances Kupfer from F. J. Kupfer, for habitual
intemperance; by Judge Hunt.
E. M. Ratio from Colombo Ratio, for desertion;
by Judge Seawell. -
Florence H. shannon from L. C Shannon, for
willful neglect and desertion: by .Turtgw Hebbird.
LiillliA — JiAiaKiAiiKS — i»fcA i J \
f Birth, marriage .md death notices sent by mail
will not be Inserted. They mus. be handed in at
either of the publication offices and .be InJorsel
with the name and residence, of persons authorized
to have the same published, J
BQKX.
ANDERSON— In Los Gatos, September 16, 1896,
'10 ta« wife of Anton Anderson (nee Cook}, a
daughter. • .» . , . ■
MAGGIO— September 22, 1896, to the wife of F.
Maggio. a daughter. ;,-■-, , .....
SALSiG-lh Golden Gate,' September 21; 1396,
10 the wife of A.. B. Salslg. a son.
WAUGH-In OaKland, September 17, 1896, to th«
wife of E. J. Waugh, a daughter.
WILSON -In Vallejo, .September s*. 1896, to
wife of E. M. Wilson, a son. ■ -
makklkjd. ■-; ■
FISCHER— DAUM— In this city. September 19,
1896, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Franz Os-
wald Fischer and Emma Daum, both of San
Francisco.
HANBEN— JOHANNESES- In this city. Sep-
tember 23. 1898. by the Rev. C. Hoel, Nils Han-
sen and Katharine M. Johannesen, both of San
Francisco.
HEITLER-TAYLOR— In this city, September
20, 1896. by the Rev. C. Hoel. Lorenzo R. Helt-
ler and Sarah G. J. Taylor, both of San Fran-
cisco. • . -..-..
JENSEN-PETTERSEN-In this city, September
17. 1893, by the Rev. C. Hoel, Jens Peter Jen-
sen and Hansine Pettersen, both of San *ran-
cisco,
KLEIN— DAVIS-In th's city. September 23,
189 i by the Key. Dr. 'K. R. Dllle, Theodore
Klein and Maud S. Davis, both of Han Francisco.
KNIGHT-SCHOMBORG-In Alameda, Septem-
ber 28, IS9B. by the Rev. J. E. Boishnell, D.D.,
pastor or the English Lutheran Church, Oakland,
J. J. Knight and Catherine E. Schomborg.
KORDT— SACHS-LEMMERMANN— In this city,
September 23, 1893. by the Rev. Hermann
Gebrcke, Sophns F. H. Kordt and Anna Sachs-
Lemmermafin, bath of San Francisco.
DAVIS— In this city, September 23,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. E. R. Dllle, Daniel J.
Mooaey of sonora, Cal., and Nettle Davis of
Isleion, Sacramento County, Cal.
ROTHSCHILD— RUsH-In this city, September
23. 1896, by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, Fred Roths-
_cnlld andTlllie Russ. both of san Francisco.
— — ______ ___
I>XISD.
Barrett, Alice A. Holn. Pierre P.
Barrett, Capt. Addlson Kartschoke, Anna R.
Clark, Josephine Lawrences, Charles L.
Collins, Patrick H. McCartney, Catherine
De Benedetti. Louis O'Brien, Maggie
De Bonnet, Jackson Rae, Frances L.
Everding, Pauline Ricic, Adolf
Ha risen, Mar/ T. . Webster, Catherine
Heinold, William H.W. Whelan, Thomas
■ .- ■ ■ '.-;'; -i!-
BARRETT— In this city, September 23, 1896,
Alice A., beloved daughter of John and the late
Alice Barrett, and sister of Mrs. J. H. Curtin,
Mrs. Theresa McGreavy and W. J. Barrett, a
native of New York City. [New York papers
piease copy.J
aarFrlendsi and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her sister, Mrs. J. H. Curtin, 648 Sec-
ond street, thence to St. Rose's Church for
services, commencing at 2:30 o'clock p. if. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery by 8:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BARRETT— In Alameaa. Cal., September 22.
' 1896, Captain Addison Barrett, military store-
Keeper, U. S. A. i Bos on (Mass.) aud LouUvill*
(Ivy.) papers Dlease copy.]
■ «3-Funeral services will be held THIS DAY
. (Friday), at 8 o'clock p. m., ai the family
- .residence, 2057 Alameda avenue, Alaineda.
CLARK— this city. September 22, 1898,
Josephine, beloved wife of James Clark., daugh-
■ ter of Mrs. Emma Pease, mother of Mrs. Wil-
liam Painter. Mrs. Carrie Resser Cox and Fan-
. nie Clark, sister of Albert Simons, Abe Simons
and Mrs. J. H. Hopps, and stepmother of .Mrs.
' B. F. Young and Mrs. M. Fitzgerald, a native of
New York, aged 42 years *£ months and 12. lay*
fChlcoand Sacramento papers please copy.J
. JB9~Friendi and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. h., from her late resi-
dence, 238 Fourth street, thence by ll:-l0
o'clock a. m. train from Third - and Townsead
streets, interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Oakland. September 23, 11-98, Pat-
. rick 11.. beloved husband -of Mary Collini. and
loving father of Nellie M. and Arnett V. and
John W. Collins, a native of Ireland, aged 02
years 4 months and 13 days.
. J)9~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
September 26, 1896. at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from
his late residence, llitil Sixteenth street, near
Campbell, and thence to su Patrick's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, ' Oakland. Members of Central Lodge No.
251, A. O. 1.. W., are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral.
De BENEDETTI— this city, September 23, 1896,
Louis de Benedetti, a native Of San Francisco,
aged 37 years and 6 months.
Dr. BONNET— In this city, September 24, 1898,
Jackson, youngest child of Adolph and Lusylyia
de Bonnet, aud grandchild of Mr. and Mrs. Isaac
Pollard, aged 1 year and 4 months.
EVERDING— In this city, September 24, 1898,
Pauline, beloved wife- of Frederick William, and
mother of Adolph, Ktts, Carrie and Willie Ever-
ding and Mrs. W. H. Green. • •
Notice of funeral Hereafter. ,
HANSEN— In this city. September 23, 1896, Mary
I Theresa, dearly beloved wife of Fred Hjansen.
daughter of Joseph Mills and sister of Joseph.
warn and Thomas Mills, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 23 years.
jO~Frieii'ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 8:80 o'clock a.m., from her late
' residence, 1714 Leaven worth street, thence to
St. Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated -for the repose of her soul, com-
' mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. ', Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - - .
HEINOLD-In Oakland. September 24. 1896, Wil-
liam Henry Woodward, beloved son of J. M. and
Mary Heinoid, a native of Oakland, aged 11
. years 8 months and 20 days. - >.... •• .
HOIN— Uklah, September 21, 1896, Pierre P.
Holn, a native of Metz, France, aged 83 years.
JBS~ Friends are respectfully Invited to attenl
the funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 2 o'clock
I p. m., from the parlors of the California Under-
taKins Company, 123 Stockton street, corner of
Geary. . Interment private. , . ...
KARTSCHOKE— In this city. September . 23,
1896. Anna R., beloved wife of Edward Karts-
choke, and mother of Gus Kanschoke and Mrs.
O. P. GirzikO'.vsky. a native of . Germany, aged
8 : years and 13 days. \
\* jQnr Friends and acquaintances nre respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW"
(Saturday), at 'J o'clock p. if., 1 from her
late residence, 186 Albion avenue, near Seven-
teenth street. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LAWRENCES— this city, September 2-*, 1896,
-Charles Lnd wig, dearly beloved son of Charles
and Mary -Lawrences, and brother of Sadie Law-
rences, a native of San Francisco, aged 4 months
and 29 days.
MoCAHTNKY— In this city, September 2 3,1896,
Catherine,' beloved wire of John McCartney,
mother of William J., Thomas, Sarah, John,
May, Agnes. Minnie, Mabel, Luclneaand the late
Joseph A. McCartney, and sister of Thomas
Kearney. Mrs. Margaret Grogan, Mrs. Eliza Col-
lins, Mrs. Mary Bradshaw, Mrs. Teresa . Rowan
and Mrs. D. Harney, a native of County Ath-
lone. Ireland, aged 43 years.
Friends. ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
■ (Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 877 Bryant street, tnence to St. Hose's
Church for services. Interment Holy Croat
Cemetery. . . .. . . .
O'BRIEN— In this city. September 23, 1896,
Maggie, d-arly beloved daughter of tha late
Thomas and Priscllla O'Brien, and , sister of
William, Thomas,. John, ' Mamie &nd Joseph
O'Brien. . WSSKSB^HtHax^
49~Friend3 and acquaintances are resn«ct-
fnily Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at ' 2 o'clock p. M., from her late resi-
dence, 53 19 Harrison street.
RAE— In this city, September 23, 1896, Frances
Loretta, beloved daughter of Joun G. and Ka c
liae, a native of Gait, Sacramento County, Cat.,
aged 2 years 11 months and 20 days.
X?" Friends - and acquaintances ace respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence or the parents. 265R FoLsom street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
RICK— In this city. September 24, 1396. Adolf
Rick, a native of Austria, aged SO years 10
months and 12 days. - ■■
Interment strictly private. * 
WEBSTER— Ia this city. September 23, 1896,
Catherine, beloved mother of John Webster,
a native of St. John. N. 8.. aged 75 years.
Friend ana acinaintaocai are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS | DA*
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m» from the par-
lors of Carew <& English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tentn and How-
ard streets, where a solemn requiem' mas 4
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. ltr.ermaa; Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WHELAN— In this city. September 24. 1898.
Thomas Whelan. a native of New York, aged 64
years. : ■ •
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, JT
DIRKCTORS & EMBALM KB", 'i
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 3080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CE^tlC
tery to the city; non-sectarian; In uo sense ex-
clusive: location unexcelled, oaice bV7 Markjf
street, southeast corner or stxtu.
1314
FIVE CASES
OF STATUARY
Their Importation Will Be
Investigated by the
Government.
A TALE OF TWO LETTERS
They Accuse Waldteufei & Com
pany of Violating the
Revenue Laws.
CONSIGNMENTS FOR CHURCHES.
The Matter in the Hands of the
Federal Government
Officers.
What may prove food for thought and
action by tbe United States Grand Jury is
being caretully investigated by Collector
Wise under the guidance of District At
torney Foote.
Two hours after Achille Waldteufei was
found dead in his own parlor, a few days
ago, District Attorney Foote and Collector
Wise received two anonymous letters.
The letters were written by the same
person and called attention to tbe impor
tation August 29 of five cases of statuary
from Cologne. The unknown writer far
ther said that a fraud had been committed
by the importer swearing that the articles
contained in the five cases were for a
church in Southern California. As is well
known, the law provides that any mer
chandise or work of art imported for some
particular church is not subject to uuty.
None of the officers directly interested
were inclined to give credence to the
charges contained in tbe anonymous let
ter until ti.e records disclosed tbe fact that
five cases had actually arrived at this port
from Cologne on the date mentioned. It
was further learned that on September 1
Achille Waldtenfel appeared before the
Collector, and after prod racing an order
from the priest at Banning for certain
statuary was given permission to take the
goods away.
More as a matter of form than anything
else a letter was addressed to the priest at
Banning asking if certain statuary had
been ordered, and if so bow many cases.
The reply came back that only two cases
had been ordered from Waldtenfel <fe Co.,
and that the same had been received.
Further inquiry developed a very peculiar
state of affairs.
When, two days ago, a Government
officer called at " 732 Market street and
askod about the statuary he was told that
it had been shipped to the parties for
whom it was ordered. They were then
request d to produce the freight receipts,
but they were unable to do this except in
the two cases sent to Banning. In the
meantime the officer observed three
statues answering tne description of those
imported. He asked Assistant Appraiser
Doolan iihe identified the articles as those
examined August 29, and he replied that
be did.
These inve tigations were conducted in
dependent of Collector Wise, but when
the facts recorded above were ascertained
they wer turned over to him, with the
recommendation that he take immediate
action in th*i matter.
As yet he has done nothing, for the
reason, as Denuty Collector Jerome says,
the ninety days allowed by law for Wald
teufei & Co. to return the receipt of the
consignee for the statuary has not yet ex
pired. In the meantime, however, Dis
trict Attorney Foote is Catherine all the
evidence in sight. If a fraud has been
committed he proposes to see to it that the
guilty parlies are prosecuted.
The Government bas secured a sample
of Achille Waldteufel's handwriting and
compared it with thai of the anonymous
letters. To the non-expert they appear
identical, and there is little doubt among
those who have charge of the case that
Waldteufei wrote the warning letters to |
Collector Wise and District Attorney j
Foote. There are some who affect to be
lieve that bis own connection with the
affair preyed heavily on him and that the
verdict of the Coroner's jury of "acci
dental death" was hasty.
MANUFACTURERS PROTEST.
The Board of Education Asked Not to
Purchase Blackboards in the Eaat.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has sent a communication to the
Board of Education protesting against the
purchasing in tne East of blackboards for
the new Bernal Heights school.
The communication is in part as follows:
If you buy the Eastern blackboards, the $600
which comes from the taxpayers of ihis cum
muuity will go out of the State to help enrich
some other community. It you purchase the
California-made article at the same price, $150
will go East for ma.erial that is not made here,
and $450 oi the sum will remain in this .-tate
to give employment to the people who con
tribute tie money to pay for them. We there
fore ask that you give the order for these black
boards to the California manufacturer.
MEW TO-DAI.
II A Bottle on band m
% A Dose in time A
fj&n Browne
/^t^mm^yT than a remedy > I
v& V) Sr^ for cramps or colic. *>
Kfhr It possesses a re- ■
. jar markable tonic power, 2
T^^T beneficial to the highest II
m&gj degree. A true stimulant if
Km that gives permanent benefit m
3f to the system without the HT
W slightest reaction. A correc- Jf
■ tive of all stomach troubles; a
f preventive of cold; a household 1
I remedy that no home should be |
I without. Be sure and get the I
I genuine. Red label on every 'I •
I wrapper with this trade mark. A
bSI ~"^* *<*<£-«'♦.» Sim
Uf FRED BROWN 00-^r
JST Philadelphia. _^^ »
Scene at the Fair for the Benefit of the Youth's Directory, at Armory HalL
CROWDS ATTEND
THE FANCY FAIR
Brilliant Opening of the
Youth's Directory Fes
tival.
GIVEN IN ARMORY HALL
Enthusiastic Words of Praise in
Father Prendergast's
Speech.
A RAINBOW OF FINE BOOTHS.
Many Costly Objects of Art Being
So d and Ra; fled— To Last
Two Weeks.
The First Regiment Armory was dressed
up in such gay garb and peopled with
such an army of fair women last evening
that its somber uses were all forgotten.
It was devoted to lieht and gayety and
rang with music and laughter. The occa
sion was the opening of the festival in the
interest of the fund for tbe new Youth's
Directory.
The opening was made the occasion of
an eloquent address by the chairman of
the committee, J. R. Kelly, and by Rev.
Father Prendergast, vicar-eeneral, both of
which were calculated to quicken the im
pulse of charity in general, and especially
in behalf of the Youth's Directory.
In the course of his address Mr. Kelly
said: "As the present home is entirely
inadequate to accommodate the ever
increasing number of applicants, the di
rectors have determined to purchase a
larger lot and to erect thereon a suitable
building.
"All the work of the directory is per
formed without the aid of one dollar from
State or municipal government; all its
labor is accomplished by the zealous
priest who is devoting his life to the wel
fare of the children and who performs tbe
work without noise or the flourish of
trumpets."
Rev. Father Prendergast was introduced.
He paid a high tribute to those who have
so successfully directed the destinies of
the Youth's Directory. He said it filled a
place distinct from that of the orphans'
asylum, and, if possible, a more difficult
one.
For the child whose parents, while still
living, are as neglectful toward their
offspring as though they were dead,
still has no right to apply to these
havens. It is here, and to these forlorn
waifs that the Youth's Directory stretches
out its hand to rescue and comfort and
save.
Father Prendergast then went on to
describe the institution for the benefit of
which tbe fair was being given, and
showed how worthy a charity it was. He
told of its methods of work, of its struggle
for existence and of the ever-present need
of a helping hand, a cheering word, a
trusty friend.
The sneaker said there were theorist?
and workers. "Among the theories," he
said, "there is one that lam sure if re
alized would prove most destructive of
real progress. I refer to woman suffrage.
"The institution most necessary to the
continuance of our Government is the
home. Young men laboring for a pit
tance are most careful how they assume
the permanent responsibility of marriage.
What, thpn, is the effect of woman suf
frage? Already. too many young women
are employed. Their employment has the
tendency to deprive young men of work,
and this keeps wages down. Only in the
purlieus of society do we find women sup
portine men. It is unnatural.
"The man should support tbe weaker
sex. Therefore, with all due respect to
the talented and eloquent and evpn hu
manitarian advocates of woman suffrage,
I must say that it is my belief that the
terfdency is not for good."
A concert followed ti.e speech-making,
vocal solos being rendered by Miss Powell
Mr. Berger, Miss Black and G. V. Wand.
Miss Daly gave a readinr.
O'DONNELL FOR MAYOR.
The Citizens' and Taxpayers' Water
Partj Name* the Head of
Its Ticket.
The Citizens' and Taxpayers' Water
party, composed of electors of this City
who favor the municipal ownership of
water works, held an enthusiastic meet
ing last night in the courtroom of Police
Court 2, City Hall. Chairman John C.
Rierdon presided.
A committee of three, J. C. Rierdon, J.
Smith and J. Kelly, was appointed to se
cure permanent headquarte j, which will
be advertised in the daily press as soon as
a suitable place can be found.
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell was nominated by
acclamation for Mayor to head the mu
nicipal ticket.
Appeal From a Minion.
The Good Samaritan Mission, corner of Sec
ond and Folsoiu streets, urgently appeals to
the charitably diaposed lot supplies of cast-off
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 25, 1896.
clothing ot all sorts. The expai sion of the
work nnil tho hard times rendt-r the demand
for those articles extremely large. Contribu
tions will be thankfully received and worthily
bestowed.
THE AFFILIAT ED COLLEGES.
Ground Broken on tho Site hy Dr. Cole
and Regeut Relnatein.
The ground was broken by the con
tractor on the Affiliated Colleges' site yes
terday. There were present: Dr. R. Bev
erley Cole, Regent Reinstein, Dr. William
son*, the contractors and a number of
other people.
The first shovelful of earth was moved
by Dr. Cole and Mr. Reinstein. The site
was christened by the opening of cham
pagne, which flowed quite freely for a few
moments.
Speeches were made by Dr. Cole and
Mr. Reinstein regarding the bright pros
pects and benefits to be derived from the
colleges. After this work was at once pro
ceeded with by Mr. Buckman, the con
tractor. '
« » •
A FORTY-NINER GONE.
Death of George L. Faulkner, a Pioneer
Frinter of This ( ity, in the
Mexican Capital.
George L. Faulkner, who for many years
has been associated with the printing in
terest of this coast, died on September 13
in the City of Mexico. He was one of the
early settlers of this State. He came here
with his father, William Faulkner, in
1849, when a youth, and established one of
the first newspapers on the Pacific Coast,
tbe Pacific News.
Mr. Faulkner was a native of Norwich,
Conn., born February 27, 1833. He came
to San Francisco around the Horn In the
sailing ship Trescott. In later years he
started the first type foundry on this
coast. He was wel' known and respected
by all tbe printing fraternity, and ah the
old pioneer printers and publishers will
greatly regret to hear of his death. He
was one of the early settlers of Oakland,
and his family has resided there ever
since. He was also a member of the So
ciety of Pioneers.
KINGSLEY'S MISFORTUNE
Suit Brought to Foreclose a Mort
gage on His Beautilul
Home.
Bookmaking on a Racetrack Not as
Easy a Game as Seme People
Think.
"Prince Charlie" in practically broke.
Five years ago he was worth a round
hundred thousand. Yesterday suit was
brought to foreclose a mortgage on his
home. Charles H. Kingslev, the pool
room proprietor of Pauper alley, or
"Prince Charlie." as his friends were
pleased to call him during his halcyon
days, ha & at last met the gambler's fate.
Like many another of his ilk, he had a
pyrotechnic sort of career, to the falling
stick period of which he has now come.
Kingsley, who per-onally is a genial,
gentlemanly, cheerful fellow, arrived in
San Francisco about ten years ago. He is
f aid to have come direct from New York
City, where he held a minor position in a
poolroom. Soon after his arrival here,
however, he became interested in the
management of a similar place on Leides
dorff street, and was the pioneer in this
City of the reprehensible business which
flourished for so long and was stamped
out with so much difficulty.
Ensconced in his revolving chair, behind
the brass railing in his smoky room in
"Pauper Alley. Kingsley levied tribute
on tbe sportively inclined downtown
workers, ihe dollars of the clerks were
raked in as cheerful. y and with as much
regularity as were the twenties and
hundreds of their employers.
As times went on, "Prince Charlie" grew
rotuqd and prosperous of appearance, and
his bank account more than kept pace
with tbe increase of his avoirdupois.
When the poolrooms were forced to re
move to Oakland in 1890, Kingsley was
commonly reported to have laid aside
$100,000 for the prospective rainy day.
The people of the City of Churches, how
ever, refused to tolerate the presence of
the gambling establishment in their city,
and from the day of his removal there
from dates Kingsley's downfall. It is
said that all tbe stock in trade a pool
room proprietor needs is a slate and a
piece of chalk, and that having them he
will surely make money.
With a bookmaker on the raccetrack it
is different. Many a knight of the cbaik
and chamois has been forced to "turn his
slate."
Such was Kingsley's fate. When he
could no longer run his poolroom ho
sought the racetrack and t; ere hung out
his shingle. The luck that had been his
seemed to have de-erted him, or else the
percentage ob:ainable in tbe betting on
foreign events was missing in the new
field. At any rate, at the end of the first
winter's racing, the genial "Charlie" was
badly bent. A few months later he was
reported "broke."
Whether tbe report was true or false
KiiiErsley forsook the racetrack and em
barked in tbe mining business, in which
pursuit be was supposed to have made
quite a sum of money. If he did, he bas
since dropped it all, for l&st winter he was
quite a constant attendant at the Bay Dis
trict Track, and was occasionally seen at
lnrrleside.
Kjnc -iiey possessed a beautiful home at
1546 Page street, near the Golden Gate
Park, and it is on this that tbe mortgage
is to be foreclosed. The Golden West
Building and Loan Society holds the docu
ment. The mortgage was originally for
$6000, of wfeich 14950 is still unpaid.
DON'T WANT THEIR
WORK CRITICIZED
The Health Officers Dislike
the Report of the
Grand Jury.
THEIR CAUSTIC REPLY.
Many New Political Fositioas
Created at Yesterday's
Session.
DOCKERY'S NICE NEW JOB.
Dr. Lovelace's Long List of Buildings
That He Wants Condemned by
tbe Board.
The much advertised reply of the Board
of Health to tbe recent report of the
Grand Jury was read at the meeting of the
former body yesterday, Secretary God
chaux going through twenty-three type
written pages filled with personalities and
vituperation.
The board found fault with the manner
in which it bad been criticized by the
Grand Jury, and in answer descended to
personal abuse, even going so far as to
attack the characters and business pur
suits of some of tne members of the jury.
The board tirst gees into hysterics to the
extent of fourteen pages, in an effort to
prove that the criticism of the Grand
Jury that the Health Department has
shown a "tine scorn of economics," is
untrue, and then devotes seven nages to
an attactc on ex-Superintendent Weaver of
the Almshouse. in an effort to show that
the jury's finding of his official efficiency
was not borne out. by the facts.
The remainder of the report is devoted
by the committee that signed it — Drs.
Hart, Morse and Fitzgibbon — to throwing
bouquets at the board.
Having dispo-ed of the mangled remains
of the Grand Jury the board be^an the
work of creating positions to eat up the
additional $30,000 appropriation given by
the Board of Supervisors on Monday last.
The resignation oi at least one employe,
the stenographer, who consented to take
the position when the pay was not at all
certain, was "accepted" and a friend of
Dr. Morse was substituted.
Positions were created and filled as fol
lows: Chief food and vinegar inspector.
$200 per month, J. P. Dockery; chemist,
$150 per month, W. T. Wenzell; veteri
nary surueon, $150 per month, J.
O'Rourke; health inspector, $100 per
month, P. M^lard; stenographer ani
typewri'er. iftiO per month, Mrs. M.
Turner, vice Mrs. M. Sichel, resigned;
three assistant foot: inspectors, $75 per
month each, Messrs. Hanlon, Regan and
Hall.
Dr. Lovelace recommended that build
ings at the following number^ be inspected
with a view to condemnation: Nnp. 718,
720, 808, 1108, 1110, 1114, 1116 and 1120
Stock i on ; 823, 825, 807, 807^ and 847 Clay :
734, 705, 639 and 635 Pacific; 3, 6^, 7. 6.*8,
10, 13, 14. \%\i and 22 Fish alley ; 724, 726
Washington ; 809, 811 and 813 Sacramento;
534 Vallejo; northwest corner of Jackson
anil Battery ; 416 and 418 JacKson.
The board decided to see the structures
at an early date.
Drs. Williamson and Fitzgibbon were
appointed a committee to select uniforms
for the emnloves of tbe board.
COQUETTISH CORBETT.
The Aatnte Pugilist Seem* to Be Pl»y-
ing One Local Athletic Club
Against Another.
Prize-fighier Corbett seems to be playing
fast and loose with local Datrons of tbe
manly art. For more than a weak he has
been in almost daily telegraphic corre
spondence with the National Athletic
Club, which has been trying to get up a
match between himself and Sharkey.
The Nationals offered him $10,000 if he
would come. The champion saia he would
not accede to the proposition unless the
cash were put up. The club offered gilt
edKed security, but Corbett remained ob
durate. Then the club sent a telegram
promising to deposit the cash in case Cor
bett and Sharkey would each put up $5000
in coin to cover the wager.
Corbett's answer arrived by telegraph
last night. He declines the club's offer
on. the ground that he has been engaged
by the Eureka Club.
It is understood that the Eureka Club
offered Corbett $12,000 for a match of ten
rounds, which offer the champion had re
fused to consider. Local sportsmen are
entirely at sea as to what Corbett is
driving at.
Theatrical Picnic.
\ The Theatrical Employes' Union will give a
picnic at Germania Gardens and Presidio
Athletic Grounds on Sunday, October 4.. There
will be a game of baseball between the Tivoli
Opera-house ana the Orpheum Theater nines.
"Ferris Hartman" will act as umpire. Play
will be called at 10:30 A.M.' In the afternoon
a game Detwoeu TiiJi CALLS and Examiners is
scheduled.
NATURALIZED TO
RUN FOR OFFICE
The Mahoney-Kelly Nomi
nee for City and County
Attorney.
TWO DAYS A CITIZEN.
Archibald Barnard Foreswears
Victoria for a Nomi
nation.
THE DISTRICT CeURT RECORD.
It Tells the Story of Desperate Straits
of tbe Sidehow Poll.
ticians.
For City and County Attorney—Archi
bald Barnard.
Record of Naturalization, District
Court of the United States, September
21, 1896— Archibald Barnard, a native
of Canada, admitted to citizenship.
The Mahoney-Kelly faction has been
driven to its wits' end to find an attorney
who would accept the nomination from its
convention for the office of City and
County Attorney. Try as It would not
one lawyer could be brought to the scratch.
So the next best thing was done- The one
wingers selected a man who never voted
in the United States— an alien whose
name does not appear on the great register,
and who cunnot vote in the coming elec
tion.
Archibald Barnard was a favorite — a
lone, solitary stand-by of the sideshow
politicians— and it made little difference
what his privileges were, or what claim he
would have upon tbp people as a candi
date for the important offic • of City and
County Attorney. They took him with
open arms and gave Mr. Barnard, late of
Canada, tbe "glad hand."
To be sure Attorney Barnard was not a
naturalized citizen of the United States,
but then a little thing like that could be
easily remedied. And as the District
Court was regarded as a olace sequestered
from the eyes of men interested in politics
tbe sideshow managers imagined that the
remedy could be applied in that tribunal
during a quiet moment and the world
would be nothing the wiser of a record in
the clerk's office. \
Barnard jumped at the proposition pre
sented to htm, even if it did no against the
train to foreswear her gracious Majesty,
Quoen Victoria. From a subject to a
citizen was a very dizzy tumble for a man
wno declared his intention to become a
citizen as far back as January, 1889. But
it hud to be taken.
"I'm not a citizen." he declared in
agonized tones when asked to accept the
nomination.
"That's all right. We'll fix it, but keep
mum," was the assuring reply.
This happened on September 21 and
forthwith Barnard was marched to the
District Court, where, with the assistance
of Attorney? Hoefler and Heenan as wit
nesses, he was naturalized. The follow
ing is a copy of the document which tells
the story that did not pass unnoticed:
[Page 5873.]
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
RECORD OF NATURALIZATION.
In the District Court of the United States for
the Northern district of California.
In the i
Matter of the Naturalization I
of f
Archibald Barnard. J
Bo it ren.embered, that on this 21st day of
September, A D., 1896, being a day in the July
term, A. D. 1896, oi said court, Archibald Bar
nard, a native ot CnDada, an alien, and late a
subject of the Queen of Great Britain and Ire
land, appeared in said court and applied to be
admitted a citizen of the United States of Amer
ica, pursuant to the acts of Congress in relation
thereto. And having then and there produced
and exhibited to the court a certified copy of
his declaration of intention to become a citi
zen oi thf United Stat s of America, made in
tne Sup- rio- Court of the State of California in
and lor i he City and County ot San Fran aisco
on the 3.i diy of January,' 1889, and proved
by ihe oaths of L. M. Hoffler and John Hee
nun, citizen* -ti the United States, bis residence
within tLe Uiited States for the last five
years and his residence w'thin the
State for the la.st year, and by said
witnesses and other satisfactory proofs
that he is entitled to be made a citizen of the
United States, and having on oath hen de
clared, before said court, that he will sup
port the constitution of the United States of
America, and tnat he doth absolutely and en
tirely renounce and abiure all allegiance and
fidelity to every forugn prince, potentate,
state or sovereignty whatever, and particu
larly to Victoria. Queen of Great Britain and
Ireland, of whom be has hitherto been a sub
ject. Whereupon It Is ordered by the court
tnat said Archibald Barnard be admitted, and
he' is hereby adjudged- and declared, to be a
citizen of the Uniteu States of America.
In open court. W. \V. Morrow,
United States District Judge, Northern Dis
trict of California.
Attest: Southard Hoffman, Clerk of said
District Court.
Now, indeed, was Barnard a fit man for
the Kelly-Mahopey faction to present as a
candidate for the office of City and County
Anornev of San Francisco. He was nomi
nated Wednesday nieht — two days after
having been naturalized.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE FLAG.
Within a Few Days It« Fold* Win
Wave Across Market Strent.
"Let's have 'Old Glory' with all the stars
in it. All the Stales will give the ballot
to women pretty soon, anyhow,"
Thus spoke Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-Blinn
at a conclave of Woman Suffragists yester
day, and thus the decision went.
For some time past friends of the woman
suffrage movement had been of the
opinion that a fine banner hung across
Market street should mark the where
abouis of the Suffrage Bureau. But weeks
passed, and there was nothing but talk,
until the Alameda County ladies got to
work and raised a subscription for ti.e
purchase of tne banner. The amount thus
realized, with a small additional sum
raised in this City, was forthwith devoted
to tbe object designated.
The rlaj; will be 24 feet long by 18 feet
wide, and attached to its lower end will be
the words, "Woman Suffrage Head
quarters" in large black letters on a white
ground.
The banner will be in place in a day or
two. It is to b« hung across Market street,
from the Parrott building to the opposite
property, and will, it is hoped, prove effec
tive in attracting visitors to the bureau.
Mulcted the Railroad.
A jury in Judge Daingerneld's court yester
day awarded Rosi Jira $2500 damages for
personal injuries sustained by reason of being
knocked down by a McAlli»ter-s;reet car on
November 27, 1895. A stay of execution for
thirty days was granted.
CASTORIA
For Infanta and Children.
Thtfw A
flaili //^ „— * is et
TEMPTING ATTRACTIONS !
:. . • ':. f . .-"■-- ■■■; ■'; ••• ■..
NEW FALL GOODS
— — - — —
SPECIAL BARGAIN OFFERINGS
FPIOM OUR ■
$300,000 CLOSING-OUT SALE I
We have now received the great bulk of our COLOSSAL NEW
FALL STOCK, thus enabling us to present a display of New and
Exclusive Styles and Novelties that stands without a peer in the
West.
Additional shipments are daily arriving in all departments,
and to make room for their display the GREAT $300,000 CLOSING-
OUT SALE that has attracted so much attention must be brought
to a speedy termination, hence everything remaining has been
marked down to figures that enable us to combine our this week's
special offerings of new goods with an array of
Values That Are Beyond Comparison!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
J*k.t SS Cents.
74 pieces DOUBLE-fOLD WOOL SCOT( H HEATHER MIXED SUITINGS,
illuminated colorings, will be placed on sale at 25c a yard. *
-A.* 4O Cents.
87 pieces 37-INCH WOOL DRESS GOODS, in checks, plaids and camels-hair effects
• will be placed on sale at 40c a yard.
jA.* SO Cents.
69 pieces 37-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL. FRENCH DRESS BUITING, in boucle,
figured, mixed and shaded effects, will be placed on sale at 50c a yard.
-A.t 6"5 Cents.
42 pieces 52-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY CHECKS, newest colorings, will be placed
on sale at 65c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS. SILK DEPARTMENT!
*«. _„ _ t At 75 Cents a Yard.
o ■';■;■. . -l™ ntS * ™ T 3° P ieces BROCADED IRIDESCENT
2 c^sf£/-#" 1 2S!k I £2F T c I l A .i IEAVY ALL- TAFFETA SILK, elegant designs, rich
WOOL STORM SERGE, worth 75c, -colorings, regular value $1 25, will be
will be offered at 50c a yard. . placed on sale at 75c a yard.
At 75 Cents.
At 75 Cents. 60 pieces CHANGEABLE TAFFETA
25 pieces 54-iuch ALL PURE WOOL SILK, in all the new fall sbadings,
FRENCH BOURETTE. worth |1 25, regular value $1, will be placed on sale
will be offered at 75c a yard. at 76c a yard.
*x~l7™ At 75 Cents a Yard.
At $1.00. . , 20 pieces BLACK FIGURED BATIN
25 pieces 54- inch ALL-WOOL CREPON and GROS GRAIN SILK, new de-
CHEVIOTS, in a variety of designs, signs, regular value $1, will be placed
worth $1 50, will be sold at $1 a yard. on sale at 75c a yard.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT.
.A-t $3.50.
LADIES' VELVET, SILK OR CREPON CLOTH RIPPLE CAPES, fancy lining,
trimmed with lace and jet, regular price $10; Special Sale price $3 50.
At d 1.50.
LADIES' CLOTH JACKETS, in black and navy blue Kerseys and black clay
worsteds, fronts faced with silk, regular price $6. Special price to close out $1 50.
-A.t $4.90.
LADIES' MIXED CHEVIOT CLOTH SUITS, jackets, skirts lined with canvas,
colors gray or brown mixtures, regular price for tnese suits $7 50; Special Sale price
$4 90. . - ;•■,.'
-A.t 66. 00.
LADIES' SEAL PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with silk, storm collar trimmed
with marten fur— a stylish Fall wrap; price $6. ,
At~S57oO.
LADIES' BEAVER BOX JACKETS, in black and navy, high collar, lap pockets and
new sleeves, good value for $7; Special Sale price $5.
HANDKERCHIEFS MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
At 5 Cents Each. . At TA Cents.
600 dozen LADIES', MISSES' AND 500 dozen MEN'S FANCY BORDERED
CHILDREN'S HEMSTITCHED HEMSTITCHED HANDKER-
HANDKERCHIEFS. in white lawn CHIEFS, in neat designs of last-color
and lace insertion or edged, revered prints, worth $1 20 per dozen, will be
and colored borders, regular price $1 closed out at 7>£c each.
per dozen, will be closed out at 5c each. ■
44- it\ „ — r -c . At 35 Cents.
nn J At 1O Cents bach. op.t 85 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS' UNLAUN-
-250 dozen LADIES' WHIT E BCAL- DRIED WHITE SHIRTS, made with
LOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER double backs and reinforced linen
LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, regular fronlg> extra value for 65c, will be
price $2 40 a dozen, will be closed oat closed out at 35c each,
at 10c each. ,
At 15 Cents Each. At 65 Cents.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED 20 dozen MEN'S STANLEY SHIRTS,
EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN with laundried collars and cuffs at-
HANDKERCHIEFS. regular price $3 tached, regularly sold at fl, will bo
a dozen, will be closed out at 15c each. closed out at 65c each.
LADIES AND CHILDREN'S UNDERWEAR
. ' i- '-;'■ ■ ' .A.* 2S : Cents.
75 dozen CHILDREN'S JERSEY RIBBED EGYPTIAN COTTON VESTS, high
neck, long sleeves, and pants to match ; regular price 40c, reduced to 25c each.
-A.t SO Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED UNION SUITS, high neck,- long sleeves, ankle
length, white and natural, regular value 90c, reduced to 50c each.
A* 73 OeTit««.
80 dozen LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED MERINO WOOL VESTS, high neck, long
;,;■:. and short sleeves, drawers to match, white and natural, regular value 90c, reduced
to 75c each. ' . ' •
WAISTS AND UNDERWEAR. LADIES' KID GLOVES.
- ■ ' ' ,
At 25 Cents. „ J At 35 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, laundried m ft «° Jh? U^ TO . N X^ D V? .?' a
collar ana cuffs, full sleeves, yoke back, ■■2^°° 1 ?l/&J 1 " - v ? luo **• wxU **»
• will be closed out at 25c each. closed out at *** a pair.
At 75 Cents.
At 25 Cents 284 dozen BUTTON ENGLISH WALK-
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke backs KID GL q V EB embroidered
LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, yoke backs and large buttons, colors £S
band, finished with tucks and em- black, regular value $1 25, will be closed
broidery, will be closed out at 25c. out at 75c a pair.
LINENS! LINENS! UNENS!
A FEW OF OUR STRONG SPECIALS.
50 Savl,^K^^u!^S E V^. DAMASK :. a .. 8O ! i . d '. close 55c
200 a;g,, x <g^^f 5^SS55.™. E !!. ■?. A ??.^..^.. 1 ° < ! l^.r?°^.» §i.oa
2 c^a?ue^i^ 35 C
140 CREAM J3AMASK TOWELS. 5 a close wea^e, fine flax size 18x36 $1.80
■ inches, value $2 25 dozen. On sale at (per d0zen) ....;.; . ~' ■ ■.$ 1.80
50 gched G °nga D t^ fully
40 tc^r^^a^ 25c
ODDMENTS. FINE DAMASK IN SHORT LENGTHS, ON
SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK.
fff/lgHr^ t murphy building* /
(/(/ Mattel Street, eerier of Jones /