T.W F1MF1 T^ xx^XQ.f 1Q6-
THROUGH A BRIDGE TO DEATH
Four Lives Lost in a Rail
way Disaster Near
Arcata.
PASSENGERS GO DOWN
WITH A TRAIN.
Engine and Cars Fall to the
Bed of a River Forty
Feet Below.
NEARLY A SCORE AMONG THE
BADLY INJURED.
Men, Women and Children Pinned
Under the Wreckage — But
Three Escape Unhurt.
EUREKA, Cal,, Sept. 13.— 8y the col
lapse of a bridge on the Arcata and Mad
River Railroad, near this city, this after- \
noon, an accommodation train was pre
cipitated into the bed ol the creek below.
Four persons were killed outright and a
nn:i ber of others seriously wounded, some
of whom will die. The dead are:
Alexander Cameron, brakeman.
Miss Annie Holland of Riverside.
Miss Kirkhasl
An unknown child.
The injured are:
David Wood, Glendale, badly injured
and cannot survive.
Mrs. David Wood, wife of above, both
legs broken and internally injured.
The two iittle children of David Wood,
badly crushed and bruised.
George Burke, engineer, severely scalded
and bruised.
Charles Burke, fireman, badly burned.
Harvey Summons, conductor, fatally
inju.ed.
Mrs. Kate Minor, arm and leg broken.
Annie Vintera, face cut and leg broken.
Mary Vintera, internally injured.
Daniel Mauoney, dangerously bruised.
, Two children of Daniel Mahoney, seri
ously in juried.
Rosie Budetri. Italian peddler, badly
bruised and shaken up.
Herman Sanders, cut on leg and in
ternally injured. * ' ~~
A. Sanders, slightly bruised.
Mrs. Gregory of Eureka, seriously in
jured internally, may die.
• Two children of Mrs. Gregory, seriously
bruised.
Bven Johnston, badly bruised, may not
recover.
Grant Warren, cut and bruised about
head.
An unknown Italian woman, uncon
scious and will die. -*
Details the accident are difficult to ob
tain, there being no telegraphic communi
cation with the scene nearer than Eureka.
As far as known the accident was caused
by the collapse of a bridge spanning Mad
River, about five miles irom Eureka. The
accommodation train which leaves Arcata
at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon consisted of
two coaches, one boxcar and engine, and
carried about twenty passengers. Shortly
after 5 o'clock a telephone message was
received stating that the train had been
derailed at Mad River bridge and was a
total wreck on the river bed. A relief
train with doctors, nurses and medical
supplies was immediately dispatched from
Arcata to the scene.
The three cars and engine were found
lying beneath the bridge, a mass of splin
ters. The injured had managed to drag
themselves from the debris ana were nurs
ing their cuts by the water side.
Buried beneath the wreckage were found
the bodies of Miss Holland, Miss Kirk
ham and Mr. Cameron. The unknown
child was alive when found, but died a
few minutes later.
The injured were carried up a steep
bank with great difficulty, and it was
nearly 10 o'clock when the relief train
started on the return trip to Arcata, bear
ing the dead and wounded.
The train was met at Arcata by the en
tire population of the torn, and the scene
was pitiful when the dead and injured
were claimed by friends and relatives.
The bridge that collapsed was several
hundred feet in length and had hitherto
been considered safe. It contained one
pier, about midway, and the approaches
were high above the gravel bed of the
stream. The train had slowed down to
about five miles an hour, as is customary,
and was moving at this speed when the
crash came. Had not the rules in regard
to speed been strictly observed every one
on board must surely have perished, as
an additional twenty feet would have
landed the entire train in the waters of
the river.
Mr. Louis Everdingof the Riverside Mill
Company, one of the passengers on the
wrecked train, said in an interview to- j
night:
"There were about twenty-five passen
gers on board and of this number only
three escaped uninjured. I was seated in
the smoking-car chatting with a number
of gentlemen when the crash came. None
of us bad the remotest idea of what had
occurred. We felt the car sink beneath
us, and after a downward plunge, such as
a person experiences on a rapidly falling
elevator, I felt a sharp jar and an instant
later I found myself crawling out through
the side door of the car. The train had
dropped a distance o.' fully forty feet to the
hard gravel bottom of the river.
"All the cars were smashed to splinters.
and no difficulty was experienced by the ,
The San Francisco Call
rescue party from Vance's Mill in remov
ing the dead and injured from the wreck
age.
"Alexander Cameron, tbe brakeman,
was riding on the front of the box car and
his body was crushed to a pulp. Miss
Annie Holland was struck on the head
and must have died instantly. Miss Kirk
ham was smothered and crushed to death.
"A sad case is that of the family of
David Wood. Mr. Wood is seriously in
jure 1 about the head, his wife has a
broken arm and leg and will probably die
and his two little children, a boy and
girl, cannot recover.
"As to the cause of the accident I know
nothing. We were moving at a slow
speed as we approached the bridge.
Wnen the eneine reached the first span of
the structure about 100 feet of the bridge
collapsed and down we went."
The iniured are receiving the best pos
sible attention, and nothing has been left
undone to provide for tneir comfort.
The cause of the accident remains a
mystery. The Ma'l River bridge has al
ways been reearded as pertectly safe. The
timbers have been renewed several times
and the structure daily sustains the weight
of freight trains treble that of the light
passenger train which met the mishap
to-day.
The Arcata and Mad River Railroad ex
tends from Arcata to Korbei, a distance of
twelve miles, connecting Eureka with
Arcata by trestle and ferryboat. The road
bed is well constructed, and there was
nothing flimsy about the Mad River
' bridge. The road handles the product of
rive lumber mill?, and is the best paying
railway in the world in proportion to the
capital invested.
RACE CONFLICT BREWING.
hooting of a Georgia Negro
Results in Threats of a
Massacre.
Waites in the Town ot Bylhe Are
A;m>.d and Prepared for
Emergencies.
AUGUSTA. Ga., Sepi. 13.— A special
to the Chronicle from Blythe, in this
county, twenty-two miles from here, says:
Biy he is in a state of great excitement.
Several hundred armed neeroes are sup
| posed to be moving toward here and the
handful of white residents are awaiting
them, not, however, without some fear,
though they are brave men and will make
a firm stand. If there is to be trouble it
will be some time later than this, as it is
not feared that the mob of ne roes will
come before midni-ht. All day the whites
here have been waiting with guns and re
volvers near at hand for an emergency.
Sheriff O'Connor, with Deputy Sheriffs
and a posse of men, left Angus a this
morning and arrived at Blythe at 8
o'clock. The cause of the trouble is the
shooting of a negro, Steven Boiand, by M.
A. Clark, for winch the negroes threaten
io massacre several white men at the
station.
ANOTHER MASSACRE PLANNED.
Sensational Information Received by an
English Paper— The Sultan De
nounced From Many Pulpits.
LONDON, Eko., Sept. 13.— The Plym
outh Mercury claims to have reliable in
formation that a massacre of the Arme
nians remaining in Constantinople is fixed
to occur in ten days or two weeks.
It says that Armenians already de
ported have been murdered by wholesale,
the ships on which they were sent out of
the country having chutes from which the
victims were shot into the water and
drowned in batches.
LONDON, Esq., Sept. 13. — Sermons
against v.he misrule of the Sultan and the
massacre of his Christian subjects were
preached to-day in London, Liverpool and
elsewhere in Great Britain.
; —
RED-HANDED WEYLER.
Cables to Madrid That He Has Just Shot
to Death Fifty- One Cuban
Prisoners.
MADRID, Spain, Sept. 13.— Captain-
General Weyler cabled from Havana that
nfty-one insurgents who were confined in
the Cabana Fortress and Morro Castle were
shot to-day.
♦
IN HONOR OF MANREN
A Great Popular t-ete at the Home of
the I rpU,r.-r.
CHRiSTIANIA, Norway, Sept. 13.— A
great popular ,etc in honor of Dr. Nansen,
the Arctic explorer, was held to-day in
Castle square. Bjornsen. the well
known Norwegian novelist and dram
atic poet, made a speech, in which he
eulogized Dr. Nansen for his scientific
work and his discoveri -a. The latter, in
reply, lav.led the Norwegians, who, he
said, stood together in times of difficulty
closer than other people and pulled better
together when great occasions demanded
united effort. Dr. Nansen was greeted
with enthusiastic cheers, which were re
peated at the conclusion of his speech.
Oration to l>ynatnitrr Daly.
DUBLIN, Ireland, Sept. 13. — Seven
! thousand persons, including John R-d
-j mond, M. P., and Timothy Harrington,
M. P.. to-day a^sembl.d at the railway
station to receive tbe dynamiter, Daly,
who was released a short time ago from
Portland Pn-on. A procession was formed
, which escorted Daly to the Wormens
Club, where he made a speech.
Fnreu>«ll Audience With the Pope.
ROME, Italy, Sept. 13.-The Pope has
| given a farewell audience to Archbishop
I Martinelli, the new papal delegate to the
i United States.
Short Cotton Crop in Trxna.
A.USTIN, Texas, Sept. 13.-Commis
sioner Ross of the State Agricultural De
! part men t has issued a circular saying*
•'Although published cotton reports put
thepresent crop of Texas at from 2 000 000
to 2,400.000 bale?, I believe it will be eve
)es> than 1.500,000, and I hazard the
opinion based upon official information
from other States tbat the crop in the
United States will not exceed 7,600,000
bales, and in all probability *ritl fall mucti
below that quantity I- advise farmers to
market their cotton slowly."
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
TYNAN IS
CAPTURED
Notorious "No. i" Caught
by a Detective in
France.
WAS TALKING WILDLY
AT A BAB.
With a Revolver Pointed at His
Head He Was Speedily
Secured.
BURKES AND CAVENDISH'S
FATE RECALLED.
The Prisoner Concerned in the
Phcßnix Park Tragedy of Four
teen Years Ago.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 13.— P. J. Tynan,
the notorious "No. 1" of the Irish Invin
cibles, who was so frequently mentioned
during the trial of the persons charged
with the murder of Lord Frederick Cav
endish, Chief Secretary for Ireland, and
T. H. Burke, Parliamentary Under Secre
tary, In Phcenix Park on May 6, 1882, was
arrested at Boulogne, France, at 4 o'clock
this morning on a warrant issued in 1882.
Tynan is also charged with being con
cerned in the manufacture of dynamite
bombs for use in England. It has been
learned tbat he arrived in Europe in Au
gust, when he debarked at Genoa. He
proceeded thence to Paris, where, it is al
leged, he consorted with the Irish dyna
mite faction. On Friday he arrived at
Boulogne and expounded Fenian views at
a hotel bar. He had been watched since
he arrived in France by an English detec
tive, who this morning placed him nnder
arrest. The officer poinied a revolver at
his head and threatened to shoot him if
he made the slightest resistance.
Tynan was speedily secured. He subse
quently admitted bis identity. In his
possession were found a considerable sum
of money and a number of incriminating
DREAM ON, WILLIAM
" "Urue, S talk of dreams,
Ilfhich are the children of an idle brain,
tftegot of nothing but vain fantasy. " — Borneo and Juliet: jtct Scene 4.
papers. He will be arraigned before a 1
judge in Boulogne to-morrow with a view j
to securing his extradition. It is stated '
that his arrest is connected with the ar
rests of Bell and Wallace, the former hav
ing been captured in Glasgow and the lat
! ter in Rotterdam.
Lord Frederick Cavendish arrived in
Dublin on May 6, 1882, to be present at the
formal entry of the new Viceroy of Ire
land, Lord Spencer. During the day he
was engaged in official business at the
Castle, and later he left the Castle on foot
to walk in Phoenix Park, where he met
Mr. Burke. It was a bright summer
bvening, between 7 and 8 o'clock, scarcely
less light than at noonday, and there were
many peoplf in the park. The two men
walked along the principal road until
they were within a few yards of the
Phoenix monument.
Some boys passed them and went around
the monument and when they returned
found the Chief Secretary and Mr. Burke
lying on the ground dead and covered
with wounds. On examination it was
found that Mr. Burke had received several
ptabs near the region of tbe heart and that
his throat had been cut His clothing was
much torn and his hands bore marks of a
fierce and protracted encounter. Lord
Frederick Cavendish had been stabbed in
several places about the chest.
The crime was witnessed by several per
sons, who thought the participants were
roughs wrestling. Four men, who were
seen driving in a car toward the monu
ment, were known to be tne murderers,
but for some time their identity could not
be established. The news of the assassina
tion caused intense indignation and sor
row. A reward of $50,000 was offered to
any one who should «ive information that
would lead to the conviction of the mur
derers, and a further reward of $5000 for
such other private information as should
lead to the same results, with a free pardon
to any person not tbe actual perpetrator
of the murders and full protection in any
part of her Majesty's dominions.
Many arrests were made, but the brief
est examination convinced tbe authorities
that tne police were not even on the track
of the murderers. At last clews were ob
tained and closely followed, and a large
number of further arrests made. Among
the prisoners was James Carey, a town
councilor, who later turned informer. He
had lured other men to join the Invinci
bles, which was an inner circle of the
Fenian organization, the object of which
was to murder Government officials.
Carey bad arranged the Phoenix Park as
sassinations, anu bad given the signal
when the deed was to be done.
Tynan, the man arrested to-day, was one
of those appointed to organize a society in
Dublin. The trial of the accused men re
sulted in a conviction ot Joseph Brady,
Daniel Curley, Michael Fagtn, Thomas
Caffery and Timothy Kelly, all of whom
were executed. Carey was released, and
started on a voyage uuder an assumed
name for South Airiua on tbe steamer
Melrose Castle. He was followed by au
Irish avenger, who shot and killed him at
Port Elizabeth.
VANCOUVER
HONORS LI
The Great Viceroy Received
With Oriental
. Pomp.
CARPETS SPREAD IN HIS
PATHWAY.
Gorgeously Robed Mongolians
Kowtow as He Passes
Along.
PLEASED WITH THE HOMAGE
HE IS PAID.
High Honors of His Native Land Are
Conferred by the Earl Upon Two
Canadians.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 13.— Li Hung
Chang arrived in Vancouver by special
train and in bis private car, the Chetoo,
at 11 o'clock this morning. Tbe whole
city was on the gui vive to do him honor,
and long before tbe hour set for his arrival
crowds lined the approaches to the depot
and wharf, and masses of people crowded
all the eminences around the harbor. The
Chinese residents had erected a handsome
and artistic arch on the bridee leaain? to
the wharf, and a long line of Chinamen,
is rich robes of blue, green, plum-color,
olive and orange, stood in line before the
arch, waitine to kowtow to the great
Viceroy. The bridge was carpeted for
some yards on either side of the arch, and
on this carpet stood a carved ebony table,
on which an incense of sandalwood was
kept constantly burning in a richly carved
bronze burner.
The Chinese band played Chinese music
tbat sounded like that of bagpipes as Earl
Li alighted from the train. A carriage,
drawn by four white horses and draped
with Union jacks, waited to convey him
over the short distance from the train to
the steamer.
When the procession started the coach
was preceded by his celebrated scarlet
chair, carried by four men. Several bands
and a division of marines from the warship
in the harbor fell into line behind the
Viceroy, followed by a long deputation of
Chinamen in their picturesque robes.
Altogether it was a procession of such Ori
ental picturesqueness as the primeval
mountains never before looked down
upon — a procession in which Occident and
Orient came together, curiously com
mingled.
The ereat Viceroy seemed delighted with
the demonstration in his honor, and es
pecially with the homage of his country
men, who fell on one knee and raised
clasped hands to him as he' passed
smilingly by. His shrewd, kindly face
beamed, his yellow jacket made the
brightest spot in the sunless day and bis
cherished peacock feaber was displayed
falling from the back of his cap.
The gangplank of the Empress of China
was carpeted as for royalty with scarlet;
the ropes were wound with yellow and
draped with flags. As he was carried up
the plans in bis scarlet chair the Chinese
dragon flag was run to the mainmast and
a salute of nine guns was fired from H. M.
S. Comus.
The absence of cheering was noticeable,
and gave an Oriental solemnity to the pro
ceedings. All the ships in the harbor were
gayly decorated with rainbows of bunting,
and many of the roofs around displayed
kodak fiends blackly outlined with their
instruments against the pallid sky. Many
prominent ciizens had cards of admission
to tbe Empress, and crowded her decks to
catch a glimpse of the Earl as he was car
ried aboard.
For this one day the whole usual social
order was subverted, and Chinamen every
where took precedence of their white
brethren in the good-natured throng that
lined the wharf. it was emphatically
Chinaman's day.
Almost immediately on reaching the
steamer, Li Hung Chang graoted audi
ence in the salocn to a reputation of gor
geously gowned Chinamen, from whom
be received an address read from a scarlet
paper. During the audience his servant
several times put his pipe to his lips, and
all but smoked for the great potentate.
His suite is so ample that about all t-ere
is left for the great man to do is to draw
his own breath.
He appears to be in excellent health and
spirits and full ten years younger than
his pictures lead one to expect. He was
delighted with his transcontinental trip
and expressed a high opinion of Canada,
stating that he thought the Dominion had
a splendid future before it,
As a mark of his appreciation of the
courtesies extended to him by the Cana
dian Pacific Railroad he conferred the or
der ot the Double Dragon upon A. E. La
lande of the passenger department, who
accompanied him on the journey. A simi
lar honor was also bestowed upon Dr.
Horsey, the Canadian Government repre
sentative.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SHEEHAN'S
POSITION
New York's Ex-Lieutenant
Governor Is Opposed
to Bryan.
A RACY LETTER GIVING
HIS VIEWS.
Says Radicalism, Not Patriot
ism, Dominated the Chicago
Convention.
LOFTY AIMS OF DEMOCRACY
ABANDONED.
Can Never Fight Under a Banner of
Repudiation and National
£ is honor.
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept 13.— Ex-Lie
utenant-Governor W. F. Sheehan yesterday
sent a lonp statement of his views and atti
tude in the campaign to J. B. Mayer of
Buffalo. Mr. Mayer is a prominent Dem
ocrat in his city and waa one of the dele
gates to the Chicago convention last June.
A synopsis of Mr. Sueehan's communica
tion is here given:
New York, Sept. 12, 1896.
Joseph B. Mayer, Esq., Buffalo, N. K— Deab
Sir: Replying to your recent letter of Inquiry
as to my attitude in the present campaign, I
beg leave to say :
The" proceedings of the recent Chicago con
vention were unparalleled in Democratic his
tory. Radicalism and not patriotism dominated
its course. The guiding, and in a large measure
the controlling-, spirits of that body were Re
publican United States Senators — men whose
votes made it possible to engraft upon the
statutes ot this country the objectionable ana
disastrous McKinley law. When before were
rock-ribbed RepuDlican protectionists given in
a Democratic convention seats of honor and
permitted to dictate and shape the policy of
our party? The patriotic advice of men who
had grown gray in Democratic service was
spurned and the judgment of these new-found
apostles of an undemocratic creed was enthu
siastically accepted.
After reviewing the official acts of the
convention and its platform in terms as
scathing as any that have been used by
others in the same vein, Mr. Sheenan con
tinues:
Democratic principles took root with theWrth
of the Repu bl ic ; they are as sound and lofty to
daj- as they were when first expounded by Jef
ferson. All Democrats should give their hearty
support to candidates who stand upon a plat
form which reaffirms and upholds these prin
ciples; but when these principles are aban
doned and set aside and new doctrines at vari
ance with National honor and National pro
gress are adopted, do we not cease to be Dem
ocrats if we fail to repudiate that which is un
patriotic and immoral?
What Democratic convention has failed In
recent years to justly condemn Republican pa
ternalism? Where is there a more wicked
form of paternalism than for the Govern
ment to stamp, for the benefit of mine owners,
53 cents worth of silver bullion as $1 in coin?
Where in Democracy is a proposition that al
lows the silver of the world to be coined at our
mints, free of charge, at a ratio far beyond itg
Intrinsic or commercial value, and compels
our citizens to accept this false and dishonest
coin at its face value in extinguishment of
their debts and in payment for their labor?
The advocates of this platform hazard every
thing on the single proposition that the enact
ment of a law for the free coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1, witho»t the aid or assist
ance of other nations, will bring silver and
gold to a parity.
We consider our silver dollar to-day as good
as gold, because it has back of it the credit and
faith of the Nation pledged to maintain its
parity with gold. Under free coinage this
credit and faith will be withdrawn from the
new coin. These men propose, however, that
the power of Congress shall be exercised to
compel our citizens to accept In payment of
their debts a dollar that is intrinsically worth
but fifty-three cents, withont being able to
compel corresponding relief to the American
debtors when foreign creditors demand of
them payment in gold.
How long will the hum of industry continue ;
how long will the workshop remain open; how
ong will the manufacturer continue to turn
out the product of American genius and skill,
if we have no ioreign trade and are compelled
to buy and sell to ourselves?
We received for the year ending June 30 last
for Koods exported to other nations $863,200,
--467. This enormous sum represents American
capital, product and labor. In our dealings
with all people we should receive and pay the
best money in the world. No law has yet been
able to make all men iionest, but so law should
compel men to be dishonest.
After reciting the debtorship of the
United States for its outstanding bonds of
$850,000,000, for which gold was received
and for which, "unless the intelligence of
this Nation be* blunted and its patriotic
impulses paralyzed," redemption will be
in the same coin, Mr. Sheehan continues:
Nor can the apologist for the Chicago plat
form pettitog or beg the question. When they
rejected the amendment offered by Senator
Hill, to the effect that any change in the pres
ent stmdard of values should not apply to
existing Government bonds, th9y nailed to the
masthead of their ship the inglorious flag of
repudiation and dishonor. Against the perpe
tration of .such a crime in the name of De
mocracy 1 protest.
Who are the owners of these bonds? Not
foreign hankers and home syndicates, not the
so-called bloated bondholder, but the ward
whose education has been provided for in the
supposed inviolability of a United States bond;
the widow whose sole support may be the in
come thus received and 5,000,000 of Ameri
cans who have placed their deposits in our
savings institutions. The deposits are not
stored away in the vaults of savings banks.
That which is not loaned is invested, and most
of it in Government bonds.
1 have heard it said tbat no attempt would
be made to affect any outstanding obligations
if the work of the Chicago convention were
ratified at the polls. The answer is two-fold.
The proposition not to repudiate these obliga
tions was overwhelmingly defeated by the
convention after Mr. Bryan had concluded
the speech which resulted in his nomination.
Under free coinage silver would become the
money of the country. The revenue of the
Government through its customs and internal
revenue would be nothing but silver, or, if the
dream of the Populist be realized, unlimited
Hat paper money with no coin behind it for
redemption. With silver or fiat paper money
as oux only means of revenue, how, I ask the2
apologists for this plank, can these millions
oi United States bonds be redeemed in gold?
With v legitimate proposition to increase the
number of United States Supreme Court
Judges, or to abolish within constitutional
line* life tenure in oftiee, I may have po con
troversy; nor do 1 object to proper criticisms
of Judge* and public oilioials. Bntwhen an
open, bald attempt is made to increase the
number of Judges with the avowed purpose
of securing a decision on any question in a
predetermined way patriotic and intelligent
men may well hold up their hands in horror.
Speaking of the claim of "regularity"
he says:
Does party regularity demand b'.lnd and
stupid allegiance to everything a convention
held under the name of Democracy may do ?
I admit the Impossibility of drawing a plat
form that in all things will be satisfactory to
all Democrats. But never before have we
been esked to make a compromise between
National honor and National degradauon.
Compromises may be made on many matters,
even on the currency issue, but. tbe immorality
and debasement of compromises on questions
that directly affect the Nation's honor and
good faith are not to be considered for a
moment. Tue Democrats who responded to
President Lincoln's call to take up arms for
the maintenance of the Nation's houor did
not cease to be Democrats because ihe.y proved
themselves patriots.
After referring to the condition of the
country and the lack of confidence pre
vailing and to the fact that tne gold neces
sary to start business "is and has been
waiting the settlement of our financial
difficulties along the lines of honor and
reason," Mr. Sueehan says, referring to
the platform of the last Democratic State
Convention in New York:
I stood on that platform then; 1 have never
left it, and Ido not propose to do so now. Let
those whose judgment leads them in a differ
ent direotion support the Chicago nominees.
! believe most firmly that the success of this
Chicago ticket would mean paralysis of busi
ness and that the avenues of industries would
be closed.
After citing the fact, that no existing
power can take from him his credentials
as a member of the Democratic National
Committee unless with his consent, Mr.
Sheehan concludes:
It the State I have the honor to represent
Hands in September where it stood in June I
will gladly continue as its representative on
that committee. But if the organized Democ
racy of the Stute reverses its position, stands
where it should not stand, pulls down the ban
ner of Democracy and hoists the flag of Pop
ulism, I will not continue to represeut it. If
the Buffalo couvention indorses the platform
of the Chicago convention or its nominees my
resignation will be immediately' forwarded to
the National Committee.
TO STUMP THIS SOUTH.
Palmer and Hucktter Prepare for Active
Campaign Work.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 13.— Senator
Palmer will make his first speech of the
National Democratic campaign atDecatur,
111., on September 27 or 28. General Buck
ner will speak at Nashville Monday night
and at Memphis Wednesday night, in con
junction with Colonel John R. Fellows of
New York. Friday night General Buck
ner, Colonel Fellows and Hon. W. D. By
num will speak at Lexinaton. About the
25th inst. General Buckner will ro to
Richmond, Va., to speak in response to an
invitation from the National Democrats of
that State.
.Mr. Bynum says the nominees will make
a number of speeches in the South and
that the dates will be announced as soon
as General Palmer could return home
ana get his law practice into shape. Mr.
Bynum will go to New York Monday to
meet the National Democratic leaders of
that State and appoint the New York
members of the National executive com
mittee. He will open headquarters there.
MONEST MONEY ADDRESS
Stirring Appeal to the True, Loyal
Democracy.
>KW YORK, N. V., Sept. 13.— The ex
ecutive committee of the Democratic Hon
est Money League to-day issued an ad
dress to the "Honest Money Democracy
of the Nation, who hold country and
honor above party,'' in which they de
nounce the currency and other planks of
the Chicagt) platform. The address con
cludes:
Bna.ll we sacrifice the prestige, character,
standing and influence of this %v^g.t people
that a combination of speculators may profit
by the sacrifice? Shall we permit the Bapreme
Court of this country to Da tampered with
and ita character destroyed that the yoke of
slavery may be permanently riveted about
our necks, and that unbridled license may be
fiven to the enemies of our institutions?
hall we indorse the doctrine of non-inujrfer
f nee with mob law merely to secure anarchist
support to the silver scheme?
From the graves of our patriotic dead comes
an appeal in tbe name of liberty against such
infamy.
True, loyal Democracy i* now called to
patriotic duty. If worthy of American ciliaen
t!np you will exercise your suffrage where it
will do your country mon good in this hour of
peril. Our country's honor, integrity end
bafeiy, and the people's rights and interests
constitute to-day our political creed and the
badge of true, loyal Democracy.
MAINE'S ELECTION TO-DAY.
An Overwhelming Republican Victory
Looked For.
PORTLAND, Me.. Sept. 13.— The cam
paien which closed in this State Saturday
night has been the most active known for
years on both sides. It has been a speak
ing campaign almost entirely, and not a
settlement of any size from one end of
Maine to the other has been neglected.
On the Republican side the speakers in
cluded the most eminent names in the
country. The Republicans are looking
for a victory of most overwhelming pro
portions, their estimates running as high
as 50,000 plurality for Powers, and no one
placing it under 20,000. A conservative
estimate puts it at from 25,000 to 28,000.
The Democrats are eenerally disposed to
concede 20,000 at least. The pluralities
for the four Congressmen to be chosen to
morrow will probably rnn considerably
ahead of the ticket. Mr. Reed's plurality
may go as high as 10,000.
BRYAN AT CHURCH.
J'raws Tico ThouMiHd Curious I'eople
Together at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 13.— Grand ave
iiue was the Mecca of nea#ly 2000 people
this morning, who were attracted by the
notice that Hon. William J. Bryan would
attend divine service at the Grand-avenue
Presbyterian Church at 11 o'clock. Mr.
Bryan and a few friends were escorted to
the church by Hon. John I. Martin and
were seated in a pew near the altar. Rev.
Dr. Cannon preached a brief but eloauen:
sermon .on the gospel of the day. On
leaving the church Mr. Bryan was com
pelled to doff his hat In response to the
subdaed applause of the crowd on the
sidewalk.
To-morrow morning at 6 o'clock the
party leaves on a special train Tia the
Louisville and Nashville road and will
make short addresses at the principal sta
tions en route to Louisville.
ONE SURF REPORT TO FUSE.
Bryan's Presence in Kentucky May Ac
complish the heuult.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Sept. 13.— The lead
ers of the Free Silver Democratic party in
Kentucky will make one more attempt to
fuse with the Populists, and it is thought
theywill.be successful.. Mr. Bryan will
arrive in the city to-morrow night, and
this occasion is deemed a fitting one to
bring about an agreement with the Popu
list*. Consequently Chairman Johnston
ot the free silver Democtaric State Cen
tral Committee has arranged for a confer
ence to-ruorrow with Chairman barker of
the Popiiust State Central Committoe. It
is understood that Mr. Parker's terms of
Jusion will be two Bryan and Watson elec
tors.
ON THE SEVENTH
DAY HE RESTED
McKinley Gets a Respite
From His Campaign
Labors.
THIS WEEK A BUSY ONE
Fifty Thousand Political Pil
grims Have Arranged to
Visit Canton.
DELEGATIONS FROM ALL PARTS
Encouraging Telegrams From Every
Section of the Union Continm
to Pour In.
CANTON, Ohio, Sept. 13.— Major Mc-
Kinley enjoyed a well-earned rest to-day.
Yesterday was the most active and la
borious day he has had since his nomina
tion. He made three long and as many
short speeches and shook hands with quite
5000 people. Major McKinley did not go
to Zoar last night, as he had thought one
time of doing. The people gave him no
chance to leave town. He was serenaded
several times during the evening and had
a great many callers at the house.
This morning Major McKinley took a
short drive with Mrs. McKinley and made
a visit to his mother. He did not go to
church. This afternoon he took a long
drive into the country and was much re
freshed by it He is looking well and feel
ing well after his week of arduous work,
and is ready for the still harder work of
next week. The Major will have a larger
numoerof delegations at his house this
week than he has received in the same
length of time since his nomination, and
many of them will be very large delega
tions. The total number of political pil
grims to Canton this week will number
more than 50,000.
Letters asking for dates for delegations
come by every mail. Among those which
will come this week are the following:
Monday, business men and wool-growers
of Harrison County, Ohio. Tuesday, an
excursion of more than 1000 voters from
Somerset County, Pa., and Western Mary
land. Every voting precinct in the county
will be represented. Tuesday afternoon,
the Grand Army posts of Canton and vi
cinity will make a formal call on the can
didate. The same day a large delegation
from Marshall, Mich., will arrive in Can
ton. This delegation will represent the
voters of Calhonn County. Friday, the
great Republican meeting of the campaign
will be held. Speeches will be made Dy
Senators Cullom and Thurston, by Gover
nor Hastings of Pennsylvania and Con
gressman McCleary of Minnesota. Dele
gations from nearly every county in Ohio
are expected in Canton on Friday and
large number of visitors ere coming troni
West Virginia, Kentucky, Indiana and
Michigan. Arrangements for the accommo
dation of 40,000 visitors are being made.
Next Saturday will be one of the notable
days of the campaign in Canton. Six large
and distinct delegations will visit Major
McKinley. The delegation of Chicago rail
way men, lepresenting all of the railways
which enter Chicago, will number 2500,
and 100 coaches have been provided for
them. In addition to this delegation there
will be a delegation from Butler County
and Mercer County, Pennsylvania, a dele
gation composed of commercial travelers
from Pittsburg and vicinity, a delegation
from New Albany, Ind., and one from
Columbus, Ohio, representing the Building
and Trades Council.
News of an encouraging nature was re
ceived from lowa to-day. A poll of all
save twelve counties in tbe State shows
that the voters are two to one for McKin
ley. The twelve counties not polled are
strongly Republican. News from ail parts
of the West is of a cheering character.
Colonel M. T. Herrick of Cleveland ar
rived this evening and spent the night at
the McKinley residence.
Intelligence from Maine to-night indi
cates that a majority exceeding 25,000 will
be given the Republican ticket 10-morrow.
Major McKinley received a very large
number of dispatches to-aay. Some of
these messages are appended:
TOPEKA, Kan., Sept. 13.— The first colored
club in the United States, composed entirely
of young men votiiig the first time, was organ
ized here last uight and pledge you their sup
port. L. V. Gray, President.
LINCOLN, Neb., Sept. 13.— We, the members
of the Kussian Hebrew McKinley and Hobart
Club of Lincoln (Neb.), the first ever organized
in any campaign, 172 strong, send our hearty
greetings and promise our earnest efforts and
support. Moritz Alleb, President
LIMA, Ohio, Sept. 13.— At a non-part iaan
meeting of railway employes last Bight a
sound-money club of nearly 300 was organized
and tbe number will be doubled rood. Every
thing here now is "sound money and protec
tion." Charles r. Rice.
ROCKWOOD, Tmnu, Sept. 13— East Tennes
see is loyal to McKinley and Hobart and sound
money. A club was organized here last night
850 Btrone. J. E. George, President.
PUEBLO, Colo., Sept 13.— The McKinley
and Hobart Club of Pueblo, Colo., 950 6trong,
send you greeting and pledge you their sup
port to unalloyed Republican principles.
Henry Herman, President.
TEMPE, Ariz., Sept 13.— The McKinley Club
of Tempe, the Athens of Arizona. 300 strong,
•ends greeting to the champion of protection,
reciprocity and sound money. We cannot
vote, but our sympathies are yours, because
we admire the candidate and believe in the
principles of the Republican party.
w. w. Pickerel, President
SENATOR PALMER PLEASED.
Louisville's Bin Demonstration, He Said,
Was Highly Encouraging.
LOUISVILLE, Kt., Sept. 13.— Senator
John M. Palmer, the National Democratic
nominee for President, and Mrs. Palmer
spent the day with friends. Senator Pal
mer expressed himself as immensely
pleased with last night's demonstration,
and said he was coming back to Ken
tucky again. He and Mrs. Pa-mer will
leave for Springfield to-morrow morning.
General Buckner and his family returned
to Munsfnraviile this morning. ■ He goes
to Nashville to-morrow with Colonel John
R. Fellows, where they will speak at night.
Betralt'a Final Answer.
BATH, Me., S-pt. 13.— Arthur SewaU
sifvs he has enough times answered the
question concerning his withdrawal lrom
i i:e Vice-Presidential candidacy and that
ha has answered it once and for all.
Clara Barton Returns Home.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept, 13.-r-Among
the passengers arriving to-day on tht
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
steamer Umbria was Miss Clara Barton,
representative of the Red Cross Society,
just returned from the scene of the Arme
nian troubles. M.S3 Barton is intensely
enthusiastic about her work.
INTERESTS THE COAST
Parcels Post to Honduras — Kev> Post
master — Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. 12.— The
following order was issued to-day:
Postoffice Department, Washington, D. C,
Bept. 12.— A parcels-post convention having
been concluded between the United States and
the republic of Honduras, to take effect upon
the Ist of the current month, parcels-post
packages for destinations in the republic of
Honduras will be admitted to the mails heTe
after, made up at and dispatched from post
oflices of New York, San Francisco and New
Orleans for postofhees of TeßUcigalpa, Puerto
Cortcz, Amapala and Trujillo, in the republic
of Honduras.
The postage rates and conditions applicable
to parcels for and from the republic of Hon
durae are the Fame as those applicable for and
from British Guiana.
Postmasters will cause due notice of the
foregoing to be taken at theiroffices. By order
of the Postmuster-Geueral. K. -M. Brooks,
Superintendent of Foreign Mails.
W. J. Schultz was to-day appointed
Postmaster at Clipper Mills, Buttc County,
Cal., vice J. T. Parson, resigned.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows:
California: Original — James Pocue,
Vallejo; Felix Campbell, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles; Joseph A. Adams, Los An
geles; Cyrus Kenny, Fillmore; Fred
Maurer, Oakland; Edward Brandy, San
Francisco.
Orecon: Original— Samuel D. Cole, Lost
Prairie; James W,' . Cox, Marshfield; Silas
Osburn, The Dalles. Original widows —
Margaret E. Elgisp, Portland.
Washington: Original— Francis Gadd
ner, Winlock; Dewitt C. Bennett, Seattle;
Adam Bremer, Brenier; Asa' Smitb v ßoy.
Original widows, etc. — Minors of Nelson
Hainan, Kaiama. Mexican War survivors'
increase— James E. Roberts, Steptoe.
A MANOANESE BOSASXA KING.
Sudden Transition From Poverty to
Great Wealth of a Virginian.
CHICAGO, 111., Sept 13.— A local paper
says: Manganese has made E. R. Brain
erd rich. He is now a bonanza king, and
his good fortune is as unexpected as it is
welcome. Away down in Virginia is a
500-acre tract of land which has restored
Mr. Brainerd to prosperity. It came to
him many years ago in payment of a bad
debt, and because he could not get rid of
it Mr. Brainerd ketit it. Now he is glad
he took it and kepi it.
The most valuable deposit of manganese
ever found in this country has been
found there. A New York firm has offered
to either buy or develop the bonanza and
work will begin at once.
Mr. Brainerd's luck is at Lyndhurst,
Va. Last spring Mr. Brainerd, who has
been a prominent contractor in Chicago
for years, met serious financial reverses
and failed. Now fortune has come again
in a most unexpected manner.
The significant thing about the bonanza
is that the supply is apparently inex
haustible. Manganese is found in many
places in America, but in "pockets."
After being worKed a short time all pre
vious finds have been exhausted. Re
ports from Mr. Braiuerd's land indicate
that tbe iaige supply there is boundless 1 .
Manganese is a metal used chiefly as a
flux in the iron industry, in furnaces, roll
ing-mills and foundries'where pig iron is
converted into the marketable article.
GENERAL JAMES O. MORGAN DEAD
Succumbs to Old Age After a Most
Eventful Career.
QUINCY, 111., Sept. 13.— General James
Dady Morgan died here this morning,
aged 86. He was born in Boston, Mass.,
August 1, 1810. When 16 years of age he
went to sea for a three years' trading voy
age in tue ship Beverly. A mutiny oc
curred when the ship was thirty days out
and the vessel was burned. Morgan es
caped to South America and alter many
hardships returned to Boston. In 1834 he
removed to Quincy, II!., and engaged in
mercantile pursuits. He helped in form
ing the "Quincy Grays," and at the time
of the Mormon troubles in 1844 he was
captain of the Quincy Riflemen and was
ordered to Hancock County to preserve
order.
During the Mexican war he served as a
captain in the First Illinois Volunteers.
In 18G1 he became lieutenant-colonel in
the Seventh Illinois* Regiment and was
promoted brigadier-general of volunteers
July 17, 1862, for meritorious services at
New Madrid and Corinth. In November,
1862, he commanded a brigade at Nash
ville, Term., and was breveted major
general of volunteers March 19 f 1865, for
gallantry at Bentonville, N. C.
He was mustered out of the army Aug
ust 24, 1865. Of late years he had been an
officer of a Quincy bank.
LEADVILLE'S STRIKE.
Married Miners Starved Into Submis-
sion and Trouble is Feared.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Sept. 13.— The
strike of the Miners' Union will soon cul
minate in a contest between the married
miners and the officials and unmarried
strikers, the former have determined to
go back to work. The Summit and Ham
mines are being inclosed by a high fence
so tuat miners may work behind a barri
cade. The better element of citizens are
beginning to take a more pronounced
stand against the strikers. They per
suuded the county commissioners to hold
a special meeting last eight and take
some action to protect life and preserve
law and order. The meeting was held be
hind closed doors and it is not known
what action was decided upon, but from
indications to-day it seems that they have
decided to await results to-night and if
any violence occurs to petition the Gov
ernor immediately to send the militia.
"SIMPLY A COAL-PASSER."
The Cane of Cholera 'on the Cruiser Bos-
ton at Shanghai.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 13.-Navy
Department officials express no apprehen
sion whatever in regard to an isolated case
of cholera on the cruiser Boston, reported
from Shanghai in a dispatch to the New
York Times this morning. Michael Sulli
van, the victim, was simply a coal-passer.
Sullivan contracted the disease ashore,
where it is usually to be found in low
quarters. The sanitary condition of tbe
ship is excellent and it is deemed impos
sible for the plague to spread. All precau
tions have been taken, and tbe fact that
several days have elapsed since the re
ported occurrence without any new cases
developing deprives the incident, in the
opinion ot naval officials, of any alarming
significance.
Almost a Tragedy at St. Louis.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. 13.— A business
difficulty between two prominent citizens
of this city nearly ended in a tragedy yes
terday. Major C. R. Rainwater, a pol
itician, business man and promoter of
large enterprises, attempted to shoot his
former business partner, Simon P.
Boogher, on Washington avenue, yester
day. Litigation followed their business
dissolution and friends of each have pre
dicted a hostile meeting. The police at
tempted to hush the matter up, but Mr.
Boogher demanded tbe punishment of
Major Rainwater. Both gentlemen are oi
the first circles in society.
Coal Shaft Destroyed by .Fire.
BRAZIL, Ind.. Sept. 13.— The large ahaft
of the Isaac Mclntosh Coal Company at
Caseyville, north of nere, was destroyed
by fire yesterday. The flames caught from
the boiler in the shingle roof of the boiler
room, ana spread to the tipple and biacic
smith-shop, totally destroying everything
above ground, and ruining the valuable
machinery. The danger signal was
sounded to the 300 miners at work under
ground by the air course. The loss is
about 15000; fully insured.
Borrow on sealskins, stilts and Jewels at Uncle
Barrls'i 10 Grant avenue.
EUROPE AND THE
TURKISH CRISIS
Portentous Events Believed
to Be Very Near at
Hand.
JEALOUSY OF ENGLAND.
Salisbury's Aggressive Attitude
Viewed With Distrust by
Other Powers.
MUCH DEPENDS UPON THE CZAR
German Papers Fear Examination of
All Christians in tbe o'toman Em*
pire Will Ba Provoked.
fCopyright,lB96,by the United Associated PresaesJ
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. 13.— The Em
peror will remain several days at Siegs
dorf, where he has gone for the purpose
of snooting, and Prince Hohenlohe will
start to-morrow for his estates in Styria,
where he will engage in the sport of
cdamois- hunting. Prince Radolin, the
German Embassador to Russia, started
for England on Tnursday for the purpose
of transacting private business, and Count
Kapnist, the Russian Embassador to Aus
tria, who is the probable successor of
Prince Lobanoff-Rostovsky as Russian
Minister of Foreign Affairs, has left
Vienna for a sojourn at Biarritz with his
family.
These facts have been gleaned with a
view of gauging the value of the excited
rumors which have been flying abont the
bourses that a political deluge in Turkey
is imminent. Beyond question develop
ments of the most acute nature are near
at hand, but they will not be reached to
day, nor are they likely to manifest them
selves until the Czar's tour 1b finished and
that monarch returns to St. Petersburg.
Lord Salisbury's so-called independent
policy in Turkey, which is doubtless seen
in the action of Sir Philip Cnrrie, the
British Ecabassador at Constantinople, in
presenting to the Porte a not* protesting
against the Government's expulsion of
Armenians from the Turkish capital with
out consulting the representatives of the
powers, is not taken here so seriously as
implying the appearance of a Biitish fleet
in the Bosphorus to enforce the special
British demands, and the absence of sev
eral Embassadors from Constantinople
ought to furnish sufficient proof of the
suspension of the final Turkish crisis.
Sir Philip Currie is the first Ambassador
who has had an audience with the Sultan
since the recent riots in Constantinople.
Baron Calico, tne Austrian Embassador,
and M. Nelidoff, the Russian Embassa
dor, are away on leaves of absence, which
will not expire until the end of the month,
ana Sir Philip Currie. in the meantime, is
in command of tne diplomatic field with
whatever kind of isolated policy he has to
push forward. No well-informed diplo
mats here believe that independent action
on the part of Great Britain is practical.
Though the Nonh German Gazette,
whose articles of the Turkish situation
are callous and unsympathetic with the
persecuted Armenians, represents the
best official opinion here, the other influ
ential journals take an entirely different
course. The Cologne Gazette declares
that tne powers want to deal energetically
with the Sultan, but are undecided as to
the method of doing so.
"Though the last massacre in Constanti
nople passed over the European residents
of the city." the Gazette adds, "as the
fear and hatred of Christians increase the
powers must face a possible general massa
cre."
The Kreuz Zeitung and other papers
discuss the measures that must be taken
before armed intervention ought to be
resorted to. but almost every newspaper
comment on the situation reasons upon
the readiness of the Turks to try to exter
minate the Christians in Turkey if they
are provoked.
Advices received here from Constanti
nople assert that the Sultan is afflicted
with a homicidal mania arising from an
acute spinal disease, and the statements
made in these advices seem, according to
the criticisms of the press, to be associated
with the maniacal outburst of Turkish
fanaticism generally. How to guard
against such an outburst is the nr«it ques
tion to be placed before the foreign diplo
mats in Turkey. If tbe powers agree to
j'lace the Sultan under tutelage, with the
appointment of Turkish Ministers and
other officials, approved by the Embassa
dors, this action must be accompanied by
preparations for armed occupation of Tur
key.
Tbe Kreuz Zeitung asserts that France
and Russia will never assent to the plan
of placing the Sultan under tutelage and
will maintain the integrity of tbe empire
and sovereignty of the Turkish monarch,
and declares that these two powers al
ready distrust the concentration of the
British fleet at Balonica. The sum of the
situation is that these and other proposals
dealing with the Sultan await the issues
of the Czar's tour.
In the meantime the Czar and Czarina,
with their suites, are atßernstorf castle in
Denmark, wtiere the King ot Denmark's
family party is assembled. The Czar,
Fnnce«s Victoria and Prinoe Wai demur of
Denmark are accustomed to go bicycling
each morning, while the Czarina, the
Princess of Wales and the Queen of Den
mark drive along the routes taken by the
cyclists. In the afternoon tde Czar, the
Crown Prince of Denmark and the Grand
Duke Michael of Russia go ont to the
deer drives in Jsegersborg Park, and
the evenings are Bpent in the enjoyment
of musical entertainments for the family
party, which will break up on September
16, the Czar and Czarina going to Bal
moral to visit Queen Victoria, accom
panied by the Prinee»s of Wales and her
daughter, Princess Viotoria.
The representatives of the press return-
Ing from Goerlitz oonour in the statement
that it was with the utmost difficulty that
they were able to get. accurate informa
tion of the results of the military maneu
vers, but agree that the general results
were more favorable to the Baxon tban
the Prussian army corps. The Emperor,
upon the evening of every day of the ma
neuvers, criticized the operations with ad
mitted impartiality. The Prussian in
fantry, which are renowned for their good
marching under heavy weights, main
tained the reputation. Both the Prussians
and the Saxons carried over sixty pounds,
consisting of arms, ammunition, knap
sack and part of a tent per man, yet their
files were closed up well at the end of
every day. For the first time the bicycle
riflemen were brought into action, cover
ing the Prussian cavalry behind Klein
Bautzen.
Military experts alone, however, can say
whether their work was done effectively.
It was generally stated on the field that
General Covnt Waldersee bad underrated
the marching abilities of tbe Saxons, who
throughout were admirably led. The com
missariat was marvelously well managed
and the quantity ana quality of the food
provided excellent.
A cumber of German Catholic clergy
men will attend the anti-Masonic con
gress, which is to be opened at Trent on
September 26. Prince Charles Valuisi,
Bishop of Trent, will preside after the con
gress has been formally opened by Cardi
nal Agliardo, Papal Nuncio to Vierina.who
will read a letter from the Pope. Cardinal
Agliardo has caused the publication of the
letter of his Holiness in the Centrist news
papers. Tbe Pope recalls the dangers re
sulting from secret societies, as denounced
in the Encyclique Humanum Genus, and
declares that r"ree Masonry is more per
nicious than ever, menacing both church
and state.
He expresses hope that the congress will
find means to stop the progress cf this ma-
Jigr.ant enemy of society. The letter does
not affect German Free Masonry, which is
non-sectarian and non-political, being or
ganized for merely social and charitable
purposes.
Another advance in the discount rate of
the Reichsbank is imminent, on account
of the expected continuance of gold ex
ports to the United Btate* and Australia,
with an increase in bourse speculations in
coal and iron shares.
Herren Bebel and Bueb, the Socialist
leaders in the Reichstag, have been pre
vented by tbe French authorities from ad
dressing a meeting of socialists at Saint
Die and have also been prohibited from ad
dressing similar meetings within the
borders of the Reichsland. It is announced
that they have decided to hold a large
meeting in Buden, near Strasburg.
The subsidence of the Bohemian town
of Bonex continues. The sinking of the
town is due to the falling in of olu mine«,
caused by their having been sapped by
underground waters. The streets with
the houses on both sides thereof and the
railway station have been completely
wrecked.
Recent visitors to Friedrichsruhe say
that Prince Bismarck, contrary to current
reports, is enjoying the best of health.
His neuralgia has entirely disappeared
and his voice has recovered the strength
of youth.
The Strasburg Burger Zeitung announces
that ex-Empress Eugenic is troing to Al
sace for a sojourn at the Robertslu estate
with Mme. Pourtales. The paper says it
is very doubtful that she will revisit" the
scenes of the disasters to the French ar
mies in 1870.
VALLEJO NOT A JERICHO.
Presiding Elder Willis' Charge
Arouse the Wrath of
Citizens.
Denials of the Accusation That the
Peope of the Town
Are Ungodly.
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 13. — Church
going people, irrespective of denomina
tion, as well as the citizens generally,
are much exercised over the statement
made by Rev. E. R. Willif", presiding elder
of the Napa district, in the Methodist con
ference at Pacific Grove on the 10th inst.,
in. which be said:
"The word Vallejo is not synonymous,
with righteousness. King Alcohol is on
the throne. Tbe city stands because there
are more than ten righteous ones in it.
To find a man at the mourner's bench in
Vallejo would surprise the people more
than an earthquake."
The average Vallejoite is willing to ad
mit that there are here a few saloons
more than are actually required, but a
statement insinuating that the number of
good people is not more than ten is re
pudiated as being untrue, malicious and
uncalled for, nor do the people enjoy be
ing called modern Jerichoites. One of the
pastors who has been here for a number
of years says that his congregations are
large and that the people are both intel
lectual and spiritual. '* In no other place
did he have more liberal support than in
Vall-jo. J_^_
"I have baptized sixty -five into the
Cornell Baptist Church since I have been
pastor," said the Rev. W. L. Gaston, "and
this doej not include a large number of
'backsliders' who have been reclaimed."
Rev. Theodore F. Burn ham, pastor of
the Presbyterian Church, says his congre
gation is increasing so rapidly that there
is a plan on foot to enlarge the seating
capacity in the church. The Catholic
church is filled with members at each ser
vice, and the Episcopal church is well at
tended. Last Sunday night the Methodist
church was crowded to the doors and the
aisles were filled with chairs to accommo
date those who gathered to listen to the
closing s»rmon by Rev. Mr. Woodward,
the retiring pastor. During his address
Mr. Woodward took occasion to thank tbe
people for the very kind attention that
had been given him during his two years'
stay and the cordial relations existing be
tween the various churches.
SAM JOSE INSTITUTE.
Scientists Will Lecture on Practical Sub-
jects to Farmers and Orchard
ists of the State.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 13— Everything
is now progressing favorably for the
Farmers' Institute to be held in this city
about the middle of November. San Jose
Giange is taking an active interest in the
meetings and is circulating petitions to
ascertain the number who will attend the
lectures. The orcbardists and farmers are
taking considerable interest in the move
ment, and it is thought the institute will
be largely attended.
The meetings will be held under the
auspices of the agricultural department of
the University of California, Edward F.
Adams of Wrights being the organizer.
Lectures wiil be delivered by Professors
Hilgard, Jones and Wickaon.'of tbe S:ate
University. These will be followed by
queries and replies and brief discussion
and statements. The following subjects
have been chosen by San Jose Grange for
discussion: "Fertilizers," "Irrigation,"
"Land Titles" and "How to Raise the
Best Fruit and How to Market It."
BULB SHOW IN WINTER.
lhe Santa Clara Floral Society Prepar.
ing for an Exhibition.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 13.— The Santa
Clara County Floral Society is making
preparations for a bulb show early next
spring. It will be the first floral exhibi
tion of the kind in San Jose, and it is
thought it wiil prove * good advertise
ment for the ciimate of Santa Clara
County, as the show will be held at a time
when such a thing would be impossible in
the East. The varieties of Mowers to be
exhibited will consist of all colors of
hyacinths, jonquils, narcissi, fuchsias,
anemones and lilies of the valley. A tine
exhibit of violets and such other flowers
as may be available at that time will also
be made. The society has ordered 2000
bulbs to be cultivated for the exhibit No
date has been set, but the show will prob
ably be held about the first of February.
HE MAY BE DUNHAM.
San Jose Official* Awaiting Pictures of
the Ourav Suspect.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 13.— Sherifi Lyn
don is anxiously awaiting the arrival of
the photographs of Michael O. Henry, the
Dunham suspect arrested at Ouray, Colo.,
on Friday. There are some defects in the
description of the man when compared
with that of the Campbell murderer, but
not enough to warrant the assertion that
the man is not Dunham. W. C. Stiteler,
who caused the suspect's arrest, and Sher
iff Ben ton of Ouray are positive their cap*
tive is the fugitive. The pictures will ar
rive here on vVednesday or Thursday and
if they bear a strong resemblance to Dun
bam a man will be sent to Ouray to iden
tify him.
STABBING AFFRAY
AT SAN BENITO
Two Friends Engage in a
Tussle and a Killing
Results.
LOSE THEIR TEMPERS.
George Smith Slays Logan Corn
well as They Strive for
the Mastery.
CLAIMS HE HAD BEEN STRUCK.
The Homicide Follows an Evening's
Carcusal in a Liquor
Store.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Sept 13. — A
friendly wrestling match between Logan
Cornweil and George Smith at Sanßenito,
thirty miles south of here, last night
ended in the killing of Cornweil by Smith.
Beguu in good-natured rivalry, it became
a serious affair, when one or bctn of the
contestants forgot friendship and turned
tbe match into a rough-and-tumble fight.
George Taylor, Harry Mead, George
Smith and Logan Cornweil spent the
evening at a saloon and about 9 o'clock
started for home. Alter leaving the saloon
Cornweil and Smith engaged in the wres
tling match, and Cornweil threw Smith.
They then started fortlieir horses, hitched
near by, when Smith went up to Cornweil
and said:
"You may be able to throw me, but I
can get away with you some other way."
Cornweil aeain took hold of Smith and
another scuffle followed, both men falling
heavily to the ground. Smith claims that
Cornweil, who had hold of his left hand,
struck him in tbe face as they fell, and
that he said to Cornweil: "If you hit me
again I will cut you," at the same time
drawing a common pocket-kniie.
He says Cornweil struck him again, and
he then plunged the knite into Cornwell's
body. Four wounds were inflicted — two
deep gashes just below the ribs, a slight
cut a few inches higher and a stab directly
over the heart
Cornweil raised to a standing position,
staggered back about twelve feet and
dropped dead. His only words were,
"Yes, I am badly hurt," In response to a
question from one of the party.
The principals in the affair were both
young men, 32 years old, well connected
and well known in this community. Smith
was brought to town and is now in the
county jaii.
LOS ANGELES BANQUET.
Popular Be publican Aomineei Eulorrizetj
or a Feast.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 13.— Two
very popular nominations by the late Re
publican county convention were given
recognition- in a happy manner by an ad
miring friend of the nominees in this city
last evening. The candidates are Robert
N. Bulla for State Senator and L. H. Val
entine for Assemblyman of the Seventy
fourth District. The affair was a banquet
of 250 covers, where the feast of reason and
flow of soul were conspicuous elements.
The giver of the dinner was Robert Far
roll. a personal friend and great admirer of
both gentlemen. The candidates were not
present, but their public services and
splendid qualities of head and heart, as
well as their unfaltering devotion to Re
publican principles, were eulogized by the
different speakers.
DIE FALEN AT ORANGE.
The Baptist Pastor Pleadt the Cause of
Free Coinage.
ORANGE, Cal., Sept. 13.— Georee E.
Dye, pastor of the Baptist church at Los
Angeles, who has been granted a furlough
in order that he may take the stump
during the campaign, addressed a gather
ing of silverites here last night. The
speaker said that there need be no fear of
danger irom Mexican silver, even if the
importation of foreign metal was to be
feared at all, because all the coined silver
in that country, if sent to the United
States, would be less than $1 per capita.
Mr. Dye, who is personally acquainted
with Mr. Bryan, Bay« that he is an honest,
upright man. and that his principles are
such that the dignity of the Presidential
chair would suffer no diminution by his
occupancy. _
San Jose Republican Rally.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Sept. 13.— Preparations
are being made by the Santa Clara Repub
lican League for a Republican mass-meet
ing at the^Auditorium next Saturday even
ing. Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge will de
liver an address. Preceding the meeting
there will be a parade of the Republican
clubs of the county, headed Dy the League
Flambeau Club. The organizations that
will participate in the parade are the Re
publican League of this city and the
branches at Alvisoand Saratoga, the Santa
Clara County Central Republican Club,
the Battle-rield Veterans and the Afro-
American League.
Santa Clara County Fusion.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 13.— The Demo
cratic County Central Committee has
issued a call for open primaries to be held
on Monday, September 21, to elect dele
gates to tbe county convention, which will
be held the following Wednesday. The
county convention ot the People's party
will be held on tbe same day. Both par
ties will fuse on nominations for Superior
Judges, Supervisors and Legislative can
didates. An agreement of this kind has
been arrived at by the central committees
of both parties.
Solano County Primaries,
VALLEJO, Cal., Sept. 13.— At the Re
publican prim tries yesterday delegates
were elected in the interest of J. J. Luch
singer for State Senator and Alden Ander
Guard
Well your health at this season, for there
is danger from malarial germs and sudden
changes in temperature. Keep your blood
pure with
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hrmri'e Dillc cure Liver Ills; easy to
11UUU » fills take, easy to operate.2sc.
son for the Assembly. The Democrats
held their primaries at the same time and
elected delegates favoring ex-Assembly
man C. D. McCauley for State Senator.
John A. Brown and Q. A. Ber^'wall were
selected as Republican nominees for Su- J
pervisors in the First and Second districts
and David Fleming and Robert Gore as
the Democraict nominees.
San Jose's Colored Republicans,
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept. 13.— The colored
citizens of San Jose have organized a Me-
Kinley Club. At the initial meeting held
last evening thirty-five voters signed the
roll. The officials are: President, J L
Brown; vice-president, Key. T. F. Smith
secretary, Jacob Overton; treasurer, Will
iam "Whiting; executive committee, T F
Smith, S. Turner and J. Ragsville.
SACRAMENTO TRAGEDY.
Charles Boone Attempts to End Bis Life
With a Bullet.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 13.-Charles
Boone, a well-known sporting man, at
tempted to commit suicide this evening
by shooting himself in the chest with a
revolver at the residence of his brother in
this city. The bullet passed directly
through the left lunc and it is believed
there is little chance of his recovery.
About a year ago it is claimed Boone's
brother committed suicide by taking car .
bolic acid in San Francisco. Boone was a
sufferer from asthma.
Phoenix Irrigation Convention.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 13.— The
National executive committee has issued
the call for the fifth international irriga
tion congress, to meet at Pnoenix, Ariz.,
in a three days' session, beginning on
December 15. The discussions are to be
limited this year, in order that the scope
of the congress can be more general in
character. A feature will be th«» discus
sion of legislation necessary to further ad
vance the interests of irrigation.
HEW TO-DAY.
MONEY TALKS.
Almost any kind of money can talk the
clothing language at ROOS BROS.
We talk Trousers this week.
Two prices only.
Men's All-Wool Cheviot
Trousers, extra well made and
perfect fitting, only $2.
Men's All- Wool Worsted
Trousers, like the six-dollar ones
made to order, fit as perfectly as
the best tailor-made — our price
but $3 50 ; actually worth $5.
Of Interest to ladies.
Boys' Combination Suits, with
extra pair of Pants and. Cap of
same material -only $2 for the
outfit.
Boys' Long Pants Suits, a
great many styles — our price
only $4.
Overcoats for all ages ; prices
like in other departments—
very bottom.
See our window display.
We have no gift clothing —
that has to be "given away" in
order to dispose of it.
37flira)ff stir
Orders by mail have all the advantages
of personal purchase. '
Are You One?
How many men commence with a sim-
ple case of gonorrhoea and end with an in-
curable disease ! - '
How many men have been wrecked by
neglect or quack treatment of gleet!
How many men lead a miserable exist-
ence with inflammation of the bladder, as
the result of the improper treatment of
stricture !
How many men are trying to swim the
current of life weighted down, as if a mill-
stone were fastened to their necks, with
. kidney troubles!
Are you one of them ?
hit/if^y If you are, why do
filffl \ you keep one foot in
Mf\vt j^s^W * ne E rave when you
S^Vi, /tt& have at your command
jl k 'iiTrv" the best informed and
-jd^l^K most skillful specialist
.■rfrtrai^^ilraMfW. in America? Doctor
mSSW& «»cook isas familiar with
these troubles as you are with the very
daylight. He also cures lost or failing
manhood and every form of nervous,
chronic and private diseases of both sexes.
Write if you cannot call. Treatment by
mail fully guaranteed. Office hours: .9 to
12 a. M., 2to 5 and 7 to Bp. m. Sundays
from 10 to 12 a. m. only. Address
nnPTfIQ nnsw 65 MARKET STREET,
UUU I Un UUUR, San Francisco, Cal.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
Piiii
a OF THE ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
■ Direct Entrance from Market St.
■'-. OPEN UMTIL MIDNIUHI.
COSMOPOLiIT
Opposite V. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st. s«n
Fr»ncisco,Cal — The most select family hotel i™
the city. Board and room 1, $1 25 and $1 50 d«p
day, according to room. Meals 25c Kooms aba
and 75c a day. Free coach to and from the hot«L
.Look for the coach bearing the name of the Coal
mopolUan. Hotel. . WAL Jt A.U& v, ProprietorFINDS HIS CHILD
IN SAN DIEGO
James Rust's Long Search
for a Daughter Is
Ended.
SEPARATED YEARS AGO.
Poverty Forced Him to Send the
Girl Out to Earn a
Living.
HE GAINS WEALTH AT MINING.
The Wife Who Deserted Him Found
Bearing the Name of
Another Man.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Sept. 13.-After a
long search, involving a trip by buckboard
from Seattle to this city, over 1200 miles,
James Rust has found ais 17-year-old
daughter Jenny, and both are supremely
happy. They were separated ten years
ago, when Rust was miserably poor and
Jenny was a little foundling, and they
meet now, Jenny a beautiful girl "budding
into womanhood and her fatner a rich
man.
It was in 1886, ten years ago almost to a
day, when Rust, a poor carpenter, was
forced to see his children sent out to make
their own way in the world, wnile he went
away seeking a livelihood. The bulk of his
misfortune was caused by a faithle*3 wife.
She was a Mexican woman, gifted with
unusual beauty, and when poverty came
and five children had to be fed, she proved
recreant and left her husband and babes.
She wag afterward located north of this
city, where she had married a rancher.
Jenny was the youngest child. As the
others grew up they made their own way,
and most of them married. One lives in
Bakersfield and oihers are scattered
through the State.
Jennie was adopted by Alexander Beller
and wife, who live at Encinitas, thirty miles
north of San Diego. As she grew up she
became known far and wide as one of the
prettiest girls in the county, her features
blending the American and Castilian
types with rare charm and beauty.
Rust was completely disheartened. He
drifted to Arizona, and worked for a while
at Wickenburg and Congress, picking up
a good deal of information about mining.
Then he went Nortb, and East, and
North again. He lost track of his children
completely, and for a time was so poor
that he was forced to tramp with hobos
and hard characters over the oountry. Up
in Idaho he ran across something that
looked like a good thing in mining, and
he stayed there awhile. .Fortune seemed
to be against ! im, but be stucK to it until
he made a little start. He then went into
the State of Washington, and found two
or ihree mines that yielded a small sum.
He continued prospecting, and after
niue years of struggling he found what
he had been seeking, a rich mine. He
developed it considerably, and when a
syndicate wanted to bond it he accepted
their offer and left the camp a rich man.
even if the mine turns out to be worth
nothing.
Ttien Rust resolved on the journey down
through Oregon and California. He pur
chased a stout bucsboard and a fine
horse and left Seattle on July 8, bound
for San Diego. He had obtained the ad
dress of one of his children at Bakersfield,
and so far as he could learn his pet daugh
ter, Jenny, was still at the home of her
adoption in this county. On the way
aown he ran across two other married
children— a son and daughter.
Rust drove ur> to the Beller ranch, near
Encinitas, last Sunday, and asked for his
daughter. Mrs. Beller had completely
forgotten him, but recognized him after
he told his story. An old ranchhand on
the place recognized Rust immediately,
and they haa a good talk over old times.
But the anxious father was much cast
down wfien Mrs. Boiler told him that his
daughter was in San Diego and had been
here for two weeks. Rust jumped into his
buckboard and turned his jaded horse
toward San Diego. He had learned that
Jenny was safe, happy and almost & grown
woman, and this made him still more
anxious to see her.
On the way down Rust had lost his
way, and inquired of a passing rancher
the name of the people living at a house
near by. The rancher gave the informa
tion, which nearly knocked Rust off his
seat. It was the home of his erring wife.
The rancher replied to Rust's questions]
ana told nim that the woman had three
children since she remarried.
Rust did not turn aside to renew ac
quaintanceship with his wife, for obvious
reasons. Pushing on to this cnv he
hunted up the address given by "Mrs.
Beller and had the supreme satisfaction
that night of claspine his daughter in his
arms. Her beauty and womanliness gave
her an added charm and he was loath to
leave her, even to rest after his long
journey.
Rust and his daughter are still in this
city and be is making plans for their fu
ture. One thing, he says, is sure, and that
is that Jenny will have as fine an educa
tion as monsy will procure, and another,
that she shall not marry for a while yet.
He wants her all to himself, he says, to
pay him for the dart experiences of both
during the past ten years.
SMELTER FOR VANCOUVER.
Prospects of the Early Establishment of
a Large Plant.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Sept. 13.-Pro
vided satisfactory freight arrangements
can be made with the Canadian Pacific
Railroad, a large ore smelter and refinery
will be established herewith a capital of at
least $1,000,000. W. R. Rust of the Tacoma
smelter is tne organizer of the project,
which will have behind it American and
British capital. Municipal and electoral
assent will be required to procure the
grant of free city water and tax exemp
tion for ten years, and a civic bonus of
$100 000 will be another condition of the
local settlement of the new industry.
In consideration of these privileges
worth together over " $140.000— the com
pany will undertake to treat at least
000 tons of ore per annum, the works to
have a capacity ol 60,000 tons yearly and
to employ all white labor, Chinese and
Japanese being rigidly excluded. Ample
ore supplies can be obtained from Trail
Creek and the Slocan country, while in
the early future coast ores will also be ob
tainable in abundance.
Tragedy at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Sept 13.— Coroner Long
held an inquest tbiseveningover the body
of John Barker, aged about 23 years. He
w*s a nephew of ex-City Marshal Barker of
this city and now a resident of Los An-
Keies. Evidence showed that young
Barker haa purchased a vial of laudanum
of a druggist in town, saying he had a
sick horse at the Sachs ranch. This morn
ing he was found unconscious and dying
at me ranch, having taken nearly a half
ounce of the laudanum to relieve pam
from disease. The verdict waa that he
met an accidental death.
THE BERING SEA PATROL
Revenue Cutters of the American Fleet in
Northern Waters Will Soon
Disband.
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., S«pt. 13.—
According to private advices via the
steamer Al-Ki, the Bering Sea fleet will
disband at an early daie and return to
civilization after a five months' patrol,
daring which a number of seizures were
made. The letter is from the Corwin, and
states that that vessel will leave Unalaska
on the 20th insU ' Instead of coming to
Port Townsend, as usual, the Corwin will
proceed direct to San Francisco, not even
stopping at Sitka. The reason for this is
that Captain Hooper, commanding the
squadron, will be aboard, and will pro
ceed to Washington City to make his re
port of ttie season's work without any un
necessary delay. The run down should
consume about ten days, which will bring
the Corwin to San Francisco by the first ot
October.
In view of the fact that Commander
Hooper is aboard the Corwin, that will
probably be the last vessel to leave the
sea. The other vessels of the fleet, all of
which will put in here, may be expected
bj the 20th or 2.5 th at tne latest.
The Wolcott, alter the fleet is broken up,
will proceed to Sitka, thence to this port.
It is detailed for tiie winter at Whatcom.
Tneß'-arand Grant are both coming to
Port Townsend. The Corwin will go to
San Diego to protect the southern boun
dary until spring. The Rush is to be sta
tioned at San Francisco until the fleet as
sem Dies again. Tne Perry i 3 to winter at
Astoria.
COOKS INLET CONDITIONS
Stories of Suffering Denied by a
Man Just Eack From
the North.
Late Comers Have Not Prospered
Because Tkty Fonnd the Best
Claims Taken.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept 13.— Oscar Beer
; has just returned from Alaska, and gives
j an authentic account of what he has seen,
differing materially from those of others.
"When I left Cooks Inlet on August
21," says he, "tnere were still about 800 or
900 miners in that region. Earlier in the
season there were several thousand, but
the stories published about so many being
penned up there, hundreds of miles from
civilization, without prospect of getting
away, and being in danger of starvation
or freezing this winter, are quite untrue.
The thousands have dwindled now proba
bly to a few hundred, who can still get
away, but many will winter there in order
to be on hand to work their claims in the
spring. It is quite true that the region
I has proved the reverse of profitable to all
: but a few of those who have gone there
I this year, for nearly ail the good claims
j had already been locatJd last year.
"The few claims located in 1595 were
mostly profitable ana everybody looked
for big developments this year, but while
j the whole conntry is so full of gold that
I a miner can find colors anywhere, the
! metal is all on the surface, and only a
: few pockets ha~e paid for the time and la
', bor of the miner. Some claims have aver
| aged as high as $50 to $100 a day to the
| man, after the preliminary wort was done.
"For those who may thins of going to
I Cooks Inlet in the future, I wish to say a
j word of warning about the dangers of
; Turnagain Arm. As far as I know, twen
i ty-hve to thirty people have been drowned
| in those treacherous waters — how many
! more no one knows. Wrecked boats and
water-soaked provisions cast ashore tell
many a sad story. When the tide turns a
huge wave, sometime? ten feet high, comes
sweeping on with ttie force and thunder
of an avalanche, at the rate of twenty
i miles an hour, everwhelming any small
I boat. They call this the 'first bore,' but
I tne second and third "bores' following it are
also dangerous, and no experienced man
j ventures forth in a Doat until these are
i past."
JAILED AT LOS ANGELES.
McCarthy, the Bank Robber Suspect,
riacd Behind the Bars.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. 13.— John
J. McCarty, alias Bigelow, recently ar
rested in San Francisco for complicity in
the attempt to rob the First National Bank
! here, in now in the city jail. Detective
Bradish reached the city with the ex-pugi
list this afternoon. Some members of the
i police force recognized the prisoner as the
j pugilist who participated in a sparring
match before the athletic club here some
time aj:o. There will be no trouble in es
tablishing the fact that McCarthy was in
Los Angeles about the time the tunnel
was being dug to the basement of the
back. And in the opinion of ttie police
there will be no difficulty in connecting
both Jones and McCarthy with the at
j tempted crime.
Stockton Wins From Company F.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. 13.— A large
crowd saw the Stockton players beat Com
pany F of San Francisco this afternoon by
a score of 12 to 5. F. Pace, a brother of
Russ Pace, played his initial game, mak
ing a flattering debut. He made no errors
and showed himself to be a good batter
and baser unner. The features of the game
were the faultless fielding of "Babe"
White, shortstop of the Stocktons, and
the batting of McDaaiels of Company F.
Both pitchers were unsteady and played a
poor game. In the eighth innin? the Sar
Franciscans threw the ball all over the
grounds.
Score by innings:
Stockton l 0 0 4 0 0 1 3 3-12
Company F 2 00012000—5
Tennis at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. 13.— Robert R.
Syer, the champion tennis player of
Santa Clara County, yesterday defeated C.
C. Coolidge, the winner of the tournament
recentiy;heid in this city, in three straight
sets at the Vendome tennis courts. The
game was largely attended. Syer has held
the championship of the county for four
years. The score was: B—6, 7—5, 6—4.
Louisville Jockey Club Event* of 1898.
LOUISVIL.LE, Ky., Sept. 13.— Secretary
Price, will to-morrow announce t c fixed
events ot 1898 for the spring meeting of
the Louisville Jockey Club. They are:
The Kentucky Derby, $6030. one and a
quarter miles: the Clark atake, $4000, one
and an eiehth miles, and the Kentucky
Oaks, $3000. one and a sixteenth miles.
These stakes will be closed on October 15
next. The other stakes for the 1898 meet
ing will be opened at the usnal time later
on. and will avera-e $2000 each. The
Kentucky deiby, Clark stakes and the
Oaks are for foals of 1885, now yearlings.
WhUnhead Sails for Sew Tork.
QCEENSTOWN, Ibeland, Sept 13.-
Among the passengers who sailed hence
this morning on the Cunard line steamer
Lucania for New York was the dynamiter
Whitehead who was recently released
tram Portland prison, after nervine thir
teen years of a life sentence. His friends
have subscribed an amount of money suf
ficient to start him in business in the
United States.
Xpicharia Wina the Omntum Stakes.
PARIB, Fkasce, Sept. 13.— The race to
day for the Omnium stakes was won by
Epicbaris. Ecrivlsse was second and Ma
riue third. There were eighteen starters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
BICYCLE RACES
AT SAN RAFAEL
Felix Finishes in Front in
the Five-Mile Han
dicap.
DECKER FIRST ON TIME.
Fifteen Prizes Awarded to the
Winners in the Bg
Event.
BATES FIRST IN THE MILE.
Three Riders Are Thrown and Slightly
Injured in the Final
Dash.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Sept. 13.— The
bicycle meeting arranged by the citizens
of San Rafael was he;d here to-day at the
Ross Valley course. The town was filled
with visiting wheelmen all day and every
thing went along smoothly and satisfac
torily, wiih the exception of an unfortu
nate fall of three of the crackajacks in the
final race. Ben Noonan, a Santa Rosa
boy, was going at a clipping gait and
when within a few hundred yards of the
line his pedal Droke, swerving his wheel
into Decker's of the Acme. -Both riders
fell, and Henry Noonan, immediately be
hind, struck the fallen wheels and was
thrown into the air, falling on his head
ana shoulders. The remaining riders
swerved past them safely.
The three were carried to the clubrooms
and were found to have received only a
few bruises. Decker was the most badly
hurt.
Considering the condition of the road
the five-mile handicap was run in fairly
good time. The riders all came in to
gether. There were no stragglers. The
thirteen who won place prizes, with their
handicaps and the time of each, follow:
Name. ; Handicap.
Name.
i Net
I Time.
George Felix 1:55
Harry A. Knell 1:45
John Merrill 2:00
W. L. carry. 1:10
George H. Williams 1:20
K. F. Uaman 1:20
P. A. Arnold 1:35
A. 11. Bullion I:3U
William Mack :B0
J. H. f^chleuter. :40
K. W. Decker. Scratch
Ben >"oonan Scratch
E. L. Cordy- 1:50
15:36 2-5
15:84
15:52 2-5
15:51
1&:31 3-5
15:37 1-6
15:53
15:49
15:10
15:04
14:-.*4 2-5
14:25
16:16 3-5
Time prizes— W. Decker, 14:24 2-5, first;
B. Noonan, 14:25, second.
The prizes given in the five-mile handi
cap were as follows:
First time prize— Diamond locket.'!
Second time prize— Diamond scarfpln.
First place — Gold watch (filled case).
Second — Gold-headed cane.
Third— Diamond scarfpin.
Fourth— Gold link cuff buttons.
Fifth— Silver flask..
Sixth — Silver-mounted cane.
Seventh— Latest bicycle watch.
Eighth— sweater.
Ninth— Five dollars in merchandise.
Tenth — bicycle lamp.
Eleventh — Patent bundle carrier.
Twelfth— Speed Indicator.
Thirteenth — Silver key ring.
The mile handicap was won by C C.
Bates. R. A. C. ; H. Cook second", G. A.
Wyman, Acme, third. The prize was a
silver cup.
The Santa Ro3a wheelmen won the
special club prize in the mile handicap.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
WocWIJ^
Baltimore 85 i
Cleveland 74 I
Cincinnati 73 I
Chicago. 70 I
Boston 6? 1
Plus bunt 62 i
New Voric.... „ 60 i
Philadelphia , 59 I
Brooklyn 65 j
Washington. 51 j
M. Louis. 36 I
Louisville... ; S3
35 .708
45 ! .621
47 .608
54 .664
65 .548
57 .S'2l
62 .491
62 .487
1-5 .458
eg .426
87 .292
87 .275
CINCINNATI, Ohio. Sept. 13.— T0-day'tifume
was one of the worst of the season, both sides
making errors at critical stages. Griffith
pitched good ball, and had he been given
proper support would have won his game.
Attendance 6000. Score: Cincinnatls 7 4
5; Chicago* 3, 8, 7. Batteries— Dwyer and'
Gray, Griffith and Donahue. Umpire Sheri
dan.
LOUISVILLE, XT., Sept. 13.-St. Louis could
not hit Frnzer to-day and put up such a poor
game in the field that Louisville nad no trouble
in winning. Attendance 4500. Score- St
Louis 1, 4, 7; Louisvilles 9, 13. 1. Batteries-^
Hart anl Murphy, Frazer and Dexter. Um
pire—Lally.
ON SACRAMENTO'S TRACK.
The Charivari- Fit ztimmon* Match Race
a Feature for 10-I*ay.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept 13. -The
operation of trepanning was successfully
performed last night on Jockey Cuddy,
who was so badly injured in the hurdle
race accident yesterday, and the physi
cians now bald out slight hopes of bis ulti
mate recovery. An elder brother of the
injured rider met deatn in thfa place two
years ago by being run over by a switch
engine.
A feature of the trotting and pacing pro
gramme of to-morrow will be the match
race for $.500 a side bet we? n Charivari and
Fitzsimmons, best three beats in five, own- I
ers to drive.
It is reported among horsemen that W.
OB. Macdonough has secured an English
trainer to take charge of his racing string
replacing the colored trainer, Amos'
White.
The announced starters in to-morrow's
racing and pacing events are as follows:
Trotting, two-year-olds, purse $2000—Lot
tie, Lilac, Anselor, Lynall, Fr-.ulpin Dexter
Pacing, 2:20 class, parse .«1000— Glkdvs \V
Billy G, Frank L, Sinwood, Saa Luisito Adele'
Joe Wheeier, Cora S, BUI Frazier, Palatine'
Betty Gentry, Nellie B.
Trotting, 2:20 class, purse $800— Wood EW
lert. Laurel, Goldy, Celia, McC, Leader.
Oakland l.nses at ttanta Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Sept. 13.— The
baseball game between the Electrics of
Santa Cruz and the Oakland* at Vuede
l'Eau Park this afternoon was one of the
most hotly contested tie home team has
played this season. The score was 2to 3
in favor of the Electrics. The Daubenbis
brotjiers, the Santa Cruz batter}', won re
peated applause during the game. About
800 people were present. Manager Frank
Ely entertained the Oakland team at the
Pacific Ocean House.
Saunaltto I'ool-Selters Arrested.
SAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 13. — Billy
Chapman, who lately opened a poolroom
at bis old location above Hotel Sausalito,
was arrested by Marshal Creed on Friday
for selling pools. He was released on
$50 bond, nis case being set by Judse
i'ryor for a hearing the latter part of the
week.
(3b GREEN TAGS! WjSi^ ■
¥jl * >X, One of the good things that you must part
tSAY BYE=BYE TO ™c ca m
r\ j GREEN TAGS! W^
G One of the good things that you, must part d ||?
company with shortly— the Green Tags. W?
IV 8 the last week you'll see the Green Tags &p gx
v^ >^\7/ / ]*7~^\ dangle for another year. £|
y *J > \^^2£mflHH^\ There's hardly a person in town but ivhat hat vC
C- V»^"^liliE]P'^^*\ heard and participated in this yearly carnival HBrB 0
/^^jT ii^ftfmi E^- of called the Green Tag Sale. It comes fir 1«1
/- i JL^L. Wm^TTjTI once a year, and it's always received with open gjffl tpy
i o^Bui'i r -rJhflj&JUUl arms by the people of San Francisco.
v /wn&Kk j& w* T Tn 1 1l G propose to mala 1 the last week of this sale- Ml p|
X^-^ I iy«^t^jßi^gj«i wind up in a blaze of glory ; always anxious to ||| |^
Hi/} /vIB^ ' l a(^ new laurels to our already wreath of victo- JB BTj^Sfc
***!% / of I r*J fc^jjj \ries, we shall spare no efforts to make this, the jg fS
l^*^ i Mf . »S gj^S 'final week, even more interesting than the first. *8
.^ j^ (# ■BB Green Tags will dangle again to-morrow; /i^BK^&HW
S i /jjS [ □ wherever you find a Green Tag, don't hesitate a /t>\^B
J& &HJ& mn 1 * *lj ]|i moment ; buy the article Green Tagged ; it's a /-» /
0g B&dalfßr </ 1 "■ bargain; the Big Kearny -street Store says so, I i >' nfj &
-SJSK [ ll 1 / I Hj """JbJE '■ and you know what it says is so. i^il ta H
»w| q, m / >sj5C Green Tags will be interesting to the last. £ft
3 r> JJ ! Some pretty new Fall and Winter fashions for S»jjj
t wH m O li rT^B "2* fellows in Cape Overcoats, braid on cape; raa * £^§i
Q I HV/SS H t\\\')< handsomely gotten up; coats that at any time ?^,
1& n| ll *^^fc»/ B S^WE&J^flB V«-f y° n u ' ow ' <r ' be wiHing to pay $4 f 01 "! f 01 " little
W W CmLLM ■Bffll mHMNH* M ~tU '''■ fellow* between the ages of 3 and 10: rightly
M \ ' tH'^'A a nd cute. Youll' find 'em Green Tagged
on our Sp*- -^ ■ \BJ ' ~__ W^aT
am z\\ j/m Jt ' s * he last v " k y°^ ll fi» d th ° s * f jsh ion ?- & - '"i ■ 'sjj Bp 1 1 ' W$ \^
fMff'fiMisk hie Suits for men in those pretty plaids, 'in /f~V iisi^/*^* By  ■ tf^P^a^
By <? M those fine Blue and "Black Cheviots. It's the I Mfpkf±iT% H^ f * T^^H'il l 13*1
M^-k r^^^| last -week you II find Icm Green Tagged. V-*- I. VVll 4 \ ( I \»\4 •'* sl«l
ftfi L^^fe^i SoJ 5 the last week you'll find $13 Suits. L # Yr» \' i
-JjjJSjl It's tbe last w.^ek you'll find Si i Sutts. J j ihT^V
l^^lll'^^i^^ It's the last you'll find $10 Suits. HP ___-^-. _| ji . VU - I f\sL—— ' «JI pi
m ?y%y .Our Suits, which are from $5 to $2.50 be- H3V V PC / ' a fez <- (m^ '' W
$y low other stores' prices; it's the last -meek ■■• 3^ Ib^w*. i / * \^^\ v &
f.i you'll find suck cleverly tailored suits and • . j -=—
j^ <§ such a liberal assortment^ to select from ; it's You'll find some clever Long \_ \ --mm— "
tie last iceck von' llfi.d 'em Green Tagged r _ . , . Y^^ * * *sr~* =k /S- y SS
~ rf\ r^ ar— Ulsters jor boys between the \ T^^^l^^^ ;^f
' " I^Pv3«^T'CJ ' ' ages of 5 and IL, cut extra W^'^S 9^7^ 4H SqL
rj£?Z They're in our big corn-r u-indozc—take a Ion 9 uith storm collar >" new ||r |^«
nj»* look at ''"'"• Fall and Winter fashions ; |B kHr»\
—^&J^ clever garment;. You'll find '■' j'^i 1 >'i^v\ C«r^^
/ -i^H |P J '-***>S Opposite we show you an awfully S* f c\ Mfll PI
( '^■1 MT' ■' ;*^^BM~"^^ il^ * *:^^^P 7^<«.V Chinchilla Reefer for boys be- \ *\?°\
S^Ql \ f^L i * Ea _z. Akfc Mt\ tue ? n the a C e^ °f $ o-nd 10, with extra \> *\ JBF
JBj \^^ *^ry -^T^ ' lv, "^^BfllM deep savor collar, made from a high- \ c ' %\
-v > *~^ HS^ A *--^_ '^ grade Chinchilla in a pretty shade of Vr* \
/r\ / IHT Jm /'■\*^ ly^w blue; it's sweetly gotten up, like all \ O \
/ 'VV / wL^nR" t^tß / \ \ our clothes for little fellows : you can't \a) *A^B
I. C v\. /*S * * \is" tB touch 'em elsewhere under 06. You'll BY
■f > ' / \Jt L. find 'em Green Tagged ll
jlPt^^l^Ji^ vJICCri I Cl^^CU Owing to the great success last week, of our "* «— £$*
m m You'll say good-by to those pretty Cher- \ *" lf "- f Kll ! e ; Tro ff/ S ". U * / or th boi -> s het " efn f I Jw
' & ?S coats, those fashwnably cut Overcoats, those I the J^^ J and lb ' OU V\ 9 confinZTheZfrr \~~Y~W €A
\A ««r Fall and Winter 'fashions of ours; you'll reqve,', ye have recenrd to continue the ojjer \iT jjL
m^9T say good-bv regretiinely to 'em. ihus veek > we bo)C acquiescence to the will of V|\ \ I **M&
'You'll especially say good-bv regrettingly, thr i V tm wiH have your pick agai* \\ \\\ «§■>
because you know that double the price won't Monday from those very clever suits m Scotches, VW \\J
m touch 'em elsewhere. * n Tweeds, in Blue and Black Cheviots, all Iraq -j^ga
Hp^%" You'll say good-by to those clever Coats clever goods, cleverly tailored, built on lines W^M
W*M s*^*ii\ with deep velvet collar : you'll say good-by that will retain for us your future trade ; suits '19 ,1 s^^
Bpfmmfctf' sadly. It's the last week of 'em and you'll | that can' l 'be duplicated in any other house in M M " QHi"|
M v^'*lZ^ find 'em Green Tagged ' " town under $5. Green Tagged M H WM > IS'
ft RAPHAEL'S S! RAPHAEL'S W
&. : 38 °' lr - v ''' r Js"O*. "Hints J
*A (Incorporated), \ From a Big store," mil (Incorporated), rag m
m W THE FRISCO BOFS. niTes V t° U and TettZ FRISCO'S BIGGEST 111 11
MS 9, 11, IS, Id Kearny *StJ^ send/ont. clothing HOUSE. J|| A
*^ * Frisco's Most Popular store. I Two Entire Buildings.
4B3k^ MS „ qr%s~. aaoL — " «r» cw 1 )#\
wX^?\ flft .^ B -,--<: ~.\ -~}/- Jm MB
''TH Bh i /^ */^V fsLm t>§!v ' -**■ d&£to
34
FAIR PASADENA'S
RAPID GROWTH
Steadily Gaining in Area,
Population, Wealth
and Fame.
HAS HOMES FOR MANY.
Eastern Visitors Attracted by
tne City's Beauty and
Its Climate.
NESTLES AMID OEANGE GROVES
Picturesque Scenery and a Semi-
Tropical Verdure a Revelation
to Tourists.
PASADENA, Cal., Sept. 12. — Some
twenty-two years ago the great stretch of
mesa land north of Los Angeles, at the
foot of the Sierra Madre Mountains, and
Handsome Structures That Grace the Streets of Beautiful Pasadena.
lying at the west end of the great San
Gabriel Valley, was purchased from own
ers who bad used it as a sheep ranch, for
the purpose of growing fruit. It then be
came known as the Indiana Colony, for
the reason that most ol the men inter
ested came from the State of Indiana.
In the year 1873 articles of incorporation
were adopted under the name of the San
Gabriel Orange Grove Association.
The land was surveyed and laid off into
ranches of from ten to forty or more acres.
The owners went to work grading roads
and developing water in the Arroyo Seco
canyon. A large portion of this land was
set oat to frnit.
About 1882 the beautiful and healthy lo
cation and the progressive character of
the residents, together with its proximity
to Los Angeles, began to attract the atten
tion of others who desired more partic
ularly a home where healtn, comfort and
pleasure might be had. The orchards be
gan to be divided up into lots for homes,
new streets were laid out, and the popula
tion very rapidly increased.
People from .all parts of the United
States came to Southern California, at
tracted by the accounts of its beauty,
health and fruitfulness, and a large per
centage of them were tilled with enthusi
asm for Pasadena. When the great real
estate boom broke out Pasadena became
one of the leading centers of activity.
Thosa times were very exciting to the
participants, and are to-day a source of
amusing and instructive anecdote.
After the collapse of the boom and slow
recovery from the consequent depression
Pasad na entered upon a permanent and
healthy growth of a surprising character.
Kepresenta tires of the best and most valu
able citizens came there from all of the
Eastern States, bringing wealth, culture
and refinement with them whic!) ex
pressed itself in beautiful homes sur
rounded by luxurious foliage and spread
ing lawns. Churcbes representing all de
nominations were built; grand school
houses modern in the highest degree, a
public library of rough stone and impop
ing architecture and the buildings of the
Throop Polytechnic Institute, a manual
training school and college founded by
"Father" Throop, a Chicago gentleman
who loves his adopted home and mankind.
Streets were laid out in every direction]
graded, carberl, graded and lined with
cement sidewalks.
Now one may live two miles from the
center and go to his home over well-kept
streets and there enjoy every modern con
I venience that is known in the most ad
vanced Eastern city.
Stretching away from Pasadena toward
the mountains and south and east into the
San Gabriel Valley are ranches producing
fruit of all sorts.
These ranches' are uniformly beautiful
to look at and profitable to their owners.
The system of drives through this coun
try is remarkably attractive to all, espe
cially to the Eastern tourist, who finds in
them a revelation In the way of beautiful
f-cenery and semi-tropical" growth that
makes the beholder for the first time think
that verily the happy valley has been
found where peace, plenty and health
abound. About 100 carloads of oranges
annually are shipped from this district.
From 4000 to 5000 tons of creen fruits
are dried and canned each year, mostly
peaches, apricots and prunes. Berries are
cultivated the entire year and are gen
| erally plentiful and cheap.
The water supply has kept pace with
j the demand by development from year to
year, and is used for domestic purposes
and for irrigating citrui fruits, which
have an extent of about 2000 acres. The
water is pure and healthful and reason
! able in cost. The land not planted to
fruit trees is used for barley and wheat,
which matures in April or May, and for
alfalfa, which produces from six to eight
crops a year. Veeetables are of the best,
cheap and plentiful.
The business interests of Pasadena have
kept up with the growth of the city.
There are, in addition to a fruit cannery,
two large mills for the manufacture of all
kinds of woodwork for use in building op
erations, a manufactory for false teeth and
other dental goods, a boot and shoe fac
tory that is growing into an institution of
importance. There are four or five well
stocked lumber yards.
Brick of the best kind is manufactured
both for home use and for shipping. The
manufacture of gas and wood stoves is
carried on by the owners of the city gas
I worKs. Every branch of retail business is
represented, and the merchants carry
I large stocks of goods for sale at prices
which enable them to compete with the
L.os "Angeles merchants. There are four
banks, two National and two State banks,
with an aggregate capital of $300,000.
The expansion of business during the
last two years has compelled the building
of large and beautiful modern business
blocks, which add to the diunity and at
tractiveness of the city. Several hundred
thousand dollars have been expended in
public improvements — paving sidewalks,
grading streets, curbing and guttering and
sewer construction. The water supply, as
before stated, comes from the mountains
in iron pipes and is stored in covered
reservoirs.
The city has an excellent sewer system,
a compl tely equipped Fire Department
and a hrst-class electric light plant. The
streets are well lighted by electricity.
The Santa Fe, tne Southern Pacific and
Terminal railroads afford the very best
facilities for freight and passeneer traffic,
while the Pasadena and Los Angeles
Electric Railroad gives frequent transit
between Pasadena and L,os Angeles and
Santa Monica, a popular seaside resort.
The leadine fraternal societies of the
country are represented in Pasadena by
well-conaucted chapters and lodges, and
there are a number of social organizations
which are prosperous and growing.
There is a Hoard of Trade with a mem
bership of about 275, which has a room
well furnished and equipped for the use of
strangers in the city, where general infor
mation may be had of the secretary re
garding Pasadena ana Southern California
affairs.
Real estate values in Pasadena have
slowly and safely advanced in response to
an increasing demand by the people who
buy homes.
Tne high class of houses, both in point
of cost and artistic effect and beautiful
grounds, compare favorabh- with the best
suburbs of Uoston or Hew York.
The city has two resilience sections, the
east and west side. So close are the
competing advantages that property of
the same grade is very nearly the same in
price, while North Pasadena is improv
ing rapidly, esp-cially at the present time
which is largely due to the building of the
electric road through that section up to
Altader.a, a suburb at the foot of the
mountains, where many luxurious homes
have been erected in very extensive
grounds.
From here the Mount Low Railroad ex
tends as far as Alpine Tavern. This road
is one of the most celebrated mountain
railroads in the world. It runs from Alta
dena up the Rubio Canyon to the Rubio
pavilion at the foot of the incline. From
that point it extends up an incline at a 60
per cent grade to the top of Echo Moun
tain, where there is a large and elegant
modern hotel, a first-class astronomical
observatory, searchlight and other attrac
tions that are instructive and curious
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
From this it extends up to Alpine Tavern,
a m untain hotel unique in character, in
what is called Grand Canyon and near the
summit of Observation Point. This enter
t>rise is one that the people of (Southern
California have just pride in.
There are two daily newspapers pub
lished in Pasadena— the Evening Star and
the Evening News; also the Weekly Star
and Town Talk.
There are many hotels, the most promi
nent being the Hotel Green, the Carlton,
Painter, Hotel Mitchel, Spalding, Casa
Grande, Crown Villa and others. There
is also a large and beautiful opera-house,
complete in all of its appointments.
The proximity of Pasadena to Los An
geles and the facility for going back and
forth induce many people doing business
in that city to make their homes in
Pa c a Icna on account of its climate,
schools, social advantages and freedom
from the u«ual drawbacks of life in a city.
In fact, Pasadena combines all the ad
vantages of an ideal home, having all the
conveniences of a city and the quiet and
restful character of life in the country,
combined with ample opportunity for
social enjoyment of a high order.
These advantages have' attracted to Pas
adena a large number of people who have
National reputations in the fields of art
and literature, five books having been
published by Pasadena authors during
the last year. This nucleus will undoubt
edly enlarge till Pasadena becomes the
center of art and 1 terature of the Pacific
Coast. Its location makes it accessible in
a short time to the sea or the mountain s.
For a small sum of money and the cost of
a short time one may bathe in the break
ers of the Pacific Ocean or gaze in rapture
from the summit of Mount Wilson, which
is reached by a well-kept trail and pro
vided with comfortable quarters for tour
ists. Eastern tourists come year after year
with renewed delight to this beautiful
ppot till its charms bewitch them away
from their old associations into making
their permanent home. Those who know
it best love it most; those who first see it
never forget it. C. D. Dagqett.
Jlarr Fiah for Stanford.
(STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
13. — Dr. Jordan, who is at present on the
Bering Sea with the United States com
mission, sent to the biological laboratory
several specimens of rare or even hitherto
unknown fi^h. Two ten-gallon tanks of
specimens have arrived, and Dr. Gilbert,
the head of the department, expects to
find many valuable specimens in the col
lection. Most of the fish were dredged
from deep water by the Albatross.
Sauaalito's h etc Postponed.
BAUSALITO, Cal., Sept. 13. — The
"Night in Sauaalito" carnival has been
postponed until the first week in October
on account of unusually focßy weather.
Tne interest In the affair has not, by any
means, been abated. The vote lor Carni
val Queen is as lollows: Fiss Fay Gorman
Miss L. Ambjornson 198, Miss K.
Becker 196, Miss Kaisch 128, Mies Heyfron
57, Miss F. Wasser 49.
•— ♦ — *
MRS. COOPER'S BIBLE CLASS.
He Enjoys Much Who Is Thankful for
Little.
A very large class was in attend
ance ai Native Sons' Hall yesterday and
many visitors from the East were present.
The lesson was based on second Samuel,
xxii: 40-51. "We are coming," said Mrs.
Cooper, "to close of a most remarkable
life. Dear oldrDavid ! See him; his beauty
faded, wrinkled but fair. Grief has written
its lines all over his face, and sorrow is
tupging at his heart. Chastened, mel
lowed and subdued, the shepherd boy is a
prematurely old man. The lesson con
tains the last words of David. .Line the
last words of Jacob and of Moses they have
a sort of testamentary character. David's
last words were full of gratitude for God's
mercies. There is all the difference in the
world between a man's last words and the
last of a man's words. It is not possible
to foretell when there shall be the last
of a man's words. That will depend upon
the personal character of the man who ut
ters them. We shall never hear the last
of David's words although we have here
in our lesson the last words of David. Our
own words, as inspired by our lives and
characters, shall last for good or for ill
Ions; after our last words have been spok
en. The important question is: What
shall be the lasting influence of our words
and of our deeds?"
It is estimated that one-twelfth of the
population of England suffer from gout
A Berlin physician, Dr. Fehlaner, says
that this malauy is often due to the exces
sive use of meat.
PASTORS ORDAINED
AT PACIFIC GROVE
Young Ministers Admitted
as Deacons and
Elders.
BISHOP FOSS' BLESSING.
Each Candidate Urged to Be
Ever Ready to Spread
the Word.
DEAD BRETHREN EULOGIZED.
Memorial Service in Honor of Two
Whose Work for the Cause
Is Ended.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 13.— The
Sabbath here was one long day of praise,
Methodists and Methodism have not had
such a season of religious uplifting during
the conference as they had to-day. The
Sabbath is usually a great day at confer
ence, and this was no exception. For
sc rcely an hour from 6 o'clock in the
morning, wh*n there was a prayer-meet
ing, to 10 o'clock to-night, was the church
without a meeting of some kind.
The largest congregations of the week
assembled at the conference love feast at 9
o'clock, and to hear the Bishop's sermon
at 11 o'clo. k. The love feast had all the
fervor of the pentecostal meetings that
have been held late every afternoon. The
testimonials to the love and saving power
of Christ came as rapidly as the leader,
Rev. Dr. Cuse, could recognize the wit
nesses for Jesus. Many remained standing
on their feet for many minutes in order to
be recognized. Songs were sung and
prayers, eloquent with feeling, were lifted
to the great, wiii'e throne.
When Bishop Fobs appeared on the plat
form a few more worshipers crowded into
the gallery and those who stood were
pushed further down the ais'es by new
comers. Chairs from neighboring bowses
were brought in and set in the assies. Rev.
Dr. Eli McCiish, president of the Univer
sity of the Pacific, made the opening
prayer. There was a hymn and B.stiop
Foss read scripture iessons from Psalm C
and Hebrews I. Following a hymn the
Bishop announced his text:
Jesus aoked them saying, What think ye of
Christ? Whose son is he?— Matthew, xxii :41-42.
The sermon was devoted to proving that
Jhrist really lived on earth, that he was
divine and that he has power to save men.
It was frequently int. rspersed with such
fervent amens as come oniy from a Metho
dist audience. It was a powerlul and very
interesting sermon.
"In tne day of judgment," said the
Bishop, "it will be found that every man's
destiny will be determined by his relation
to Jesua Christ. So men are inquirine
about him and asking: Whose son ts he?
H>9 name, I ask you, what think ye of
Christ?" J
The Bishop showed from profane his
tory—from Tacitus' and Gibbous' accounts
of the burning of Rome by Nero and the
killing of the Christians— that such a man
as Jesus did live, and only thirty-five
years before, and that pagan history as
well as sacred hooks proved it.
"Christianity is," he said, "and the
question is. What do you propose to do
about it? Is Christ risen from the dead?
I reverently say I've talked with him this
morning. Oh, come to the Lord to-day."
"All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name"
was the closing hymn, sung with a vol
ume that welled out the windows and
floated far down the grove to tne shore of
th sea. The Bishop pronounced the
benediction.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the most
inu re6sive service of the day was held. It
was the ordination of young ministers as
elder.- and deacons. Ti.ose to be ordained
as deacons were Revs. L. M. Burwell, N.
A. Kennedy, W. N. Marshall, E. ±J. Win
ning, John J. Pardee; as elders— Revs.
Georce W. Beatty, H. F. Brifgp, G. M.
Richmond, W. F. Kurnow, Joseph Lon*"
C. K. Jetiness, Tokutaro Nakamura.
Secretary A H. Needham, Presiding El
der Willis, Rev. Me3srs. Pettis, Harris,
Briggs, Gober and Clifford assisted Bishop
Foss. The elders stood on the r ght hand
and the deacons on the left. The bis. op
read from the Discipline and the classes
answered, reading from the Discipline.
The bishop stated tnat the members of the
classes had been lawfully called, and then
asked in an imi ressive voice if there was
one present who had aught to say against
them. A hush as still as a church at mid
night fell on the congregation ; not a voice
was heard. The bishop then laid his
hands on the head of each candidate and
blessed him, and told him to be ever ready
to spread t.e word of God. Some of the
ministers assisted the bishop in the laying
on of hands.
The bishop finally pronounced a bene
dic ion upon them «'in the name of the
i-ather, Hon and Holy Ghost." Then fol
lowed a memorial service, in which eulo
pies In honor of the memory of two min
isters ol the conference who had died
during the year were pronounced.
Rev. W. R. Gober delivered a memorial
REV. DR. McCLISH. President cf the University of the Pacific
BISHOP FOSS, Presiding Officer of the Pacific Grove Conference
of California Methodists.
sermon on Rev. J. M. Hinman, who died
on January 14 last at Sheridan, and Rev.
C. V. Anthony preached the sermon in
memory of Rev. C. H. Atfl rbach, who
died on January 26 last at San Jose. Tes
timonials to the i-reat worth of the de
parted breihren were offered by Rev.
Messrs. Brigirs, Angwin and Willis.
The deaconesses |held an open-air meet
ing at 6 o'c ock in front of the postotfice
on Lighthouse avenue, the main street,
which was largely attended. At its con
clusion they marched, singing, to the
chu:ch.
In the evening the conference Epworth
League neld a successful meetins. Toward
the close tuliy sixty persons knelt, weep
ing, at the mourueri' bench, and there
were about thirty conversions. A3 one
said:
"The spirit of the Lord seemed to de
scend on the unconverted in the audience
and drive them to the mercy seat."
Afterward there was a feast of rejoicing
and experience-teiling. At 11 o'clock to
night lights in church windows told that
it was still going on. Evangelists A. C.
Bane and D. Osborne, who are attending
the conference, said this evening that this
is the most spiritual conference they have
attended in years.
Rc-v. M. D. Buck presided at the Ep
worth League meeting, and among those
who made addresses or prayers were Rolla
V. Wait, Rev. Jesse Smith, G. \V. Beatty
and Deaconess Benson. Mr. Watt's ad
dress was on "How to Interest Youtic Men
in Christian Work." It was unique and
entertaining. C. B. Perkins introduced a
resolution indorsing and welcoming the
Christian Endeavor convention to San
Francisco in 1897, which was adopted.
To-morrow will be the last day of a very
success;ul conference. Many souls have
been brought to Christ, and a large sum
of money has been raised for charity and
conference work.
The appointments for the coming con
ference year will be announced by the
bishop to-morrow night. The place of
holding the next conference will also De
settled. It is understood that Shasta Re
treat and Ukiah will have champions, but
it is said that there is no doubt that
Pacific Grove will be again chosen on
account of its peculiar and general fitness.
On Tuesday a large number of ministers
and laymen will go to College Park, when
Dr. Eh McChsh will be inaugurated as
president of the University of the Pacific,
. - Fight Wllfi Anri'iimriilu Burfflnrt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 13.-The
residence of Thomas P. Littlefield at 1022
G street was entered by burglars this even
ing. In searching the premises they dis
turbed the slumbers of tha proprietor, who
had retired at an early hour. Littletield
ppiang from his bed, revolver in hand,
ani, seeing t c tw.) men in an adjoining
apartment, shot at them. Tuey promptly
returned his fire and a general fusillade
followed, but no one wan injured. The
men then dashed from the house.
Calpella firmer Killed.
UKIAH, Cal., Sept. 13.— John T. Mc-
Clendon, a prominent rancher and stock
raiser of this community, while returning
to his home near Calpella yesterday even
ing was accidentally shot and killed. Mc-
Clendon's gun was loaded, and when tne
wagon struck a chuckhole the weapon
was discharged. The shot severed an ar
tery in his arm and he bled to death. Mc-
Clendon was a pioneer of this county.
SUCCESSFUL TURNERS.
Aftermath of the Recent Eezirk
Turnfest at Santa
Cruz.
Medals, Prizes and Diplomas Presented
at an Entertainment in
Eintracht Hall.
Eintracht Hall, on Twelfth street, ba
tween Howard and Folsom, was crowded
last night with ladies and gentlemen, the
occasion being an entertainment in con
nection with the oresentaiion of medals,
prizes and diplomas won by the turn sec
tion at the recent Bezirk Turnfest at
Santa Cruz. I. N. Mertens, president of
the turn section, was in the chair, and a
most enjoyable evening was spent.
The entertainment opened with an over
ture. Then George Steffens and J. D.
Butteux displayed their skill at fencing;
F. C. H. Stahl rendered a recitation in
fine style, and the turn section performed
in wand exercises and pyramids. This
part closed with a choru? of the singing
section of the Verein Eintracht.
President Mertens then delivered a neat
speech, in which he spoke of the admir
aole manner in which the members of the
Turn Section had conducted themselves
at Santa Cruz and how they had won so
many honors. He introduced Rcnhold
Jentsch, president of the Verein Ein
tracht, who read off the names of the
prize-winners, and twelve young ladies
who were on the platform handed over
the pr zes and bestowed a kiss upon each
recipient. The youne ladies were:
Emma Thumler, Julia Bruenig, Kittle Peck,
Annie Poehler, Mary Schumacher, Carrie
F:itschi, Annie Paulson, Gussie Wacker, Lottie
Heinecki', L<mi Cavanugn, Lizzie Schumacher
and Katie Steffens.
The winners at Santa Cruz were as fol
lows:
Third grade— Fritz Becker, Albert Kunzi,
Gus Hotop.
Second grade— George Steffene, Fritz Graf,
Alexander Volkmann, Louis Scheppler, Carl
Adams, Heinrich Conrad, Karl Binder, Louis
Peck.
First grade— Wilhelm Heitiicke, Henry
Behrens, Martin Huber, Carl Schaefer, Arnold
H. Freund, E. Cohen.
Old Turners— Casper Ellenberger, Ignatz
Mertens, Richard Wagner, Earl Scott, Q.
Gerlach.
Wrestling— Herman Hanstein.
Bicycle race— Ernst Peterson.
Then medals were distributed to those
who had the best average for turning dur
ing the past year, as follows:
Second grade— Charles Pless, 306% points,
flr>t prize, gold medal; Edward Binder. 286%
points, second prize, silver medal.
First grade— Herman Haustein, 282 11-12
points, first priz", ijold medal; Can Binder,
229 5-tt points, silver medal.
Tne Eintracht Bicycle Club five-mile race
Ernst Peter-on, guld medal for best time; H.
Haurmer, first prize, co d medal; F. Uorst
mtyer, second prize, silver medal.
The committee of arrangements was
composed of I. N. Mertens, H. C. F. Stahl
ana Fritz Graf.
Theosophical Lecture.
Rev. W. E. Copeland will lecture before the
Theosophical Society, in the new headquar
ters in the Flood building, to-night on "Es
oteric Meaning of the Lord's Prayer "
NEW TO-DAY.
icodoooooooocoeeoeooeooo
•Always FIRST
! Gail Borden
! Eagle Brand
! CONDENSED 11ILK
For 35 years the leading brand. It is the
Best and the most economical. *
A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS
"CLEANLINESS IS NAE PRIDE, DIRT'S NAE HONESTY."
COMMON SENSE DICTATES THE USE OF
SAPQLIO
fc^#s MANHOOD RBTOREDSS'S
g£W «-^ _V tinHV?!? **T** ■■"■•** ■ UHLUvitalJxer.taepreacrip.
al?» •*•> » voJ?«°n?rt? mou " French physician, will quickly cure /on of all ncr-
■ -2A\ 'V* J \\ TnS?J Pi dj ?f* 1 01 generative organs, such as Lost Manhood,
\ MM. T IAmJ. t?^ ula Pi^ nslntbeßack ' Semiria l Emissions, Nervous Debility.
\Fr V nmples, unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
%^y \- ~J vonstlpatlon. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
■ orr/-M=.r- 7****^ • ?f,^ K °i^ l!Cnar K?v wnlch »notchecked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
{ BEFORE AND AFTER fyJ- ho horrors of Impotency. CDPIDEHE cleanses the liver, Van
'Th*J*.~ * **■'**'■ wengtnens ana restores small weak onrans.
Pw»irt»tlVuf^rniMr»v^^ c .1? 1 cure<l by Doctors '« hecSuse ninety per cent are troubled with
JTT*"'"; iiE"?,^ -, Is the « n >y *no.*n remedy to cure without an opt ration. 5000 testlmont
l^abo? Bh^fSiSo 1 h?ii? a £ d m ,°/ nesr returned if six boxes does not e&ect a permanent cur%
flooi, six lor by mall. Send for jtbee circular and testimonials.
▲ddrou UAVOIi MIiiUIULMJg CO.. 1170 Market street. San Francisco, CaL JTorsaleby
nsippiness to BwfHS^fl special. stsof
* Ihmß sim ply won*
■^ UufiOQ tji^i^' 4 * ! **"" ~ ' \f*s 1r You cciii
K6t it from
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write for
circulars and testimonials.
The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men of
Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizziness, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitcbings of the eyes and other
parts. Strengthens, Invigorates and tones tho
entire system. It is as cheap as any other
remedy.
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness, emis-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Fains in the back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private indorse-
ments.
Prematureness means lmpotency in the first
stage. It is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. It can be stopped in twenty
days by the use of Hudyrn. Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— blood, dv« to
serious private disorders, carries myriads of
oore-prouueing germs. Then come sore throat.,
pimples, copper-oo:ored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and fa ling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars. ■
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
San Francisco. Cal.
FA, L Oq
DOcloif SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
! of the age in the treatment of all Chronics,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women.
I>isens*cs» of young, middle,
aged and old men which weaken
t.e body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap tne vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new treatment
which is the result of years of study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and.
Blood. if you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Gall at once an!
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of" Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence strictly confidantiaL.
Book, "Guide to Health," sent frfes on ap-
plication. Address
DR F L SWF ANY ™ »«*«%.
UII, I. L. OHLhill, San Francisco, CaU
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
rrtREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AN I) COTJNTT
-I- of San Francisco, September 3, 1396.
Holders of pom-street Bonds issued under an
at of the Mate Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorize the Widening ot luinom Street, In tha
City of Kan Francisco." adopted March J3, 1878,
are hereby notified that the undersigned will re-
ceive Bealed proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds, as i rovk.ed by Section 13 of said act, at hia
office in the new Cltv Hall, San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUE -DAY, September 18, 1894
The amount to be applied to the redemption of
said Bonds 18 aba... ninety thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidders will state at ha: rate they
will surrender their Bonds for payment. Ipss
coupons due. .No proposals &bove par will be con-
sidered.
1! da to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
JDupont-street Bonds." a. V. WIDBEK,
-. City ana County Treasurer.
Jfiiirf Bells for $30.
HgM? -^^^r^^ffl Old-fashioned ami poorly
BiF?r"S=f\iJi&£-i-*!tfW made, can bo had by pay.
JHwdrJtffa3aTi«G^ lr.»; your money to elec.ria
belt -quacKs" and travel-
-1 rwif* ;3/vJti/.\S ing "fakers." For a first-
' -2l2»l? class article at a reasonabla
-sejwy price write or call for fre«
v^v - cony of our new book. UK.
PIERCE <& SON, 704 Sacramento at., cor. Kearoy,
. Mcond, Uurd and touxth floors, San Francisco. ,CITIZEN SOLDIERS
OF THE STATE
The recent military conference, in which l
Governor Budd, Major-General James and |
the Attorney-General of the State partici- j
pated, adjusted some disputed points in
favor of the division commander. In due
time the vacancies on the division staff will
be tilled to the entire satisfaction of the
guard.
The chief interest at present centers in
the shooting practice of the i:uard. Re
ports received last week by Colonel Cur
rier, adjutant-jzenerai of the division, tend
to show that defective ammunition has
been supplied to the guard.
First Brigade.
John L. A. Last, major and inspector of
rifle practice, First Brigade, recommends
that companies be provided with funds
and tools with wlrch to loarl their own
shells, or that the best purchasable ammu
nition be furnished to them, and that the
months of May and October be faxed for
the parades for target practice for this
brigade. "The nearer we can conform to
the regulations governine the reguiar
army the more benefit will be derived."
The First Brigade inspector of rifle prac
tice also says:
"The ammunition used for the annusl
preliminary rifle practice this year was
manufactured by the United States Cart
ridge Company, and furnished by the
htate. It was of very poor quality, many
of the balls being braised, which prevented
: .curate shooting, and the barrels of pis
tola and r.fles would become'leaded'af
ter ririnp: four or five shots, which also
] revented good scores being made. Some
of the ammunition furnished was exam
ined in this city (Los Angeles), and the
powder found to be dirty and of inferior
quality, poorly loaded anrt in some in
stances short of quantity. The cost of this
ammunition is to me unknown."
BAK BERNARDINO, Cal., Bept. 10.—
The moot court of the I'hilopolemical
Society of Company X, Seventh Infantry,
did n«'t ''moot" last Monday evening as
advertised. The plaintiff and defendant
in the case at bar accepted an engagement
to appear behind the scenes at the opera-
Revolver Practice and Heliograph
Station at Larkspur on Admis
sion Day.
[From a photograph by William J. Stock.]
house on that evening, thus necessitating
an adjournment of the session for a month.
Lieutenant Seccom be returned Monday
from a few day*' outing at Santa Monica
wjth Seretant-Major Perdew and li. H.
Wight, both of whom are old members of
the company.
There are rumors of an approaching
resignation and election in tne Seventh
Reciment, Lieutenant-Colonel T. A. Ner
ney is now living in the northern part of
tte State, ana it is eenernlly understood
that he will forward his resignation to
headquarters at an early date, if it is not
already tbere, and that an election will be
called 'o fill the vacancy. Candidates for
the office are already in the field, and the
regular log-rolling that precedes evpry
election in the regiment has commenced
in earnest.
Major J. W. F. Diss, brigade inspector,
would like to bear the siiver ieaveß. as
would ex-Colonel Schreiber of the old
Seventh.
The non-com? are taking up their fall
work with n will, and the splendid show
ing made by them at the Thursday even
ing schools is satisfactory evidence that
their heart is in their work.
Lieutenant Austin, regimental quarter
master, pnid the armory a short visit on
Thursday !ast und gave the pleasant in
formation that the clothing so long prom
ised was on its way to the company quar
ter-master's htoreroom.
Second Brigade.
Charles J. Evans, major and signal offi
cer, Second Brigade, reports on the sub
ject of target practice:
"As a means of encouraging target prac
tice I would suggest that the prohibition
against Sunday practice be removed.
There are many men in the guard, particu
larly in those companies located in large
cities, who are unable to get away from
business on week days, and the prohibi
tion against Sunday ehooting certainly
operates to discourage them. The day of
shooting should be left to the company
commander, tinder the present system
of shooting for State medals the order re
quiring men to quamy at each practice in
a certain class is a harsh one."
Lieutenant L. Barrere, inspector of rifle
practice First Infantry, Second Brigade,
reports:
"I wish to report that the kind of am
munition used- in the preliminary rifle
practice of the First Infantry this year
was principally the 13. S. C. Co.'s 45-70,
which was furnished by the State. Some
of the men fired reloaded cartridges, fur
nished by themselves.
"The quality of the reloaded ammunition
was goou and those who used it obtained
good results, but that furnished by the
State was inferior and caused much un
certainty and dissatisfaction to those who
used it. The reason is evident from the
fact that the reloaded cartridges were pre
pared with care, the powder being of good
quality and bullets well lubricated pre
venting the foul ng and leading of rifles,
while that furnished by the State was ot
an uncertain qualify, as the powder in
many of the shells was in very poor con
dition, being a mixture which failing to
ignite simultaneously reduced the force of
the bullet, causing it to drop more or less,
sometimes missing the target entirely.
The results with snch irregular ammuni
tion are discouraging to u:en who have
practiced with carefully loaded cartridges.
"I do :iot know the cot ot the ammuni
tion wh :h is furnished by the State, but
wouM auggept that the amonnt be divided
pro rata among the companies, with in
structions to captains to see thateac:i man
was provided with cartridges loaded under
the direction of the shooting committee.
That course would give general satisfaction
and encourage practice.
"The number of men in the regiment
who are entitled to shot is approximately
970, including the cadet company. The
number who qualified for 60 per cent was
162, for 80 per cent 61, for 90 perc--nts.
For decorations 413 men competed and
228 qualified. One reason for the poor at
tendance was because the competition was
ordered on a weekday. Another reason
was because of the order that each com
petitor must make the score necessary to
procure a bar— 6o, 80 or 90 per cent at each
semi-annual target practice.
"The enforcement of that order will
>">ve extremely discouraging to target
practice, and will deter many from prac
ticing for the second shoot, as they are
one point or more below the number re
quired, and as they realize that under
existing orders they cannot win a bar this
year will pay no more attention to prac
tice. 1 wo'.-.ld strongly urge that the
order be rescinded, for it discourages the
men whom we wish particularly to en
courage — the beginners. "
Lieutenant Barrere also recommends
that the semi-annual target practice be
held as in former years, on Sunday, for
the reason that a majority of the members
of the guard are young men who are com
pelled to earn their living and are em
ployed in positions from which it is not
always an easy matter to get a day off,
except perhaps at a loss of a day's pay,
which many can ill afford.
The bivouac of the Second Brigade Sig
nal to r us last Tuesday and Wednes
day was a great success. The men,
about thirty m number, left San Fran
cisco for Larkspur, Marin CotMity, by
the 6 o'clock boat and reached their
destination just before dark. Upon
their arrival supper was partaken of, after
which the corps marched to its camping
ground in a small canyon well protected
from the wind by high tree-covered hills.
A campfire was built and a guard estab
lished, after which tbe boys enjoyed
themselves in various ways until 10:30
o'clock, when taps was sounded by the
trumpeter and all turned in, or rather
rolled themselves in their blankets with
intent to sleep, and might have succeeded
but for certain irrepressible spirits who
escaped to one side of th*; canyon and who
seemed determined to prove that they
were not asleep and had no intention of
being so, and in this they were highly
I successful.
In the morning reveille was sounded,
| and before breakfast ammunition was dis
tributed to enable the men to engage in
revolver practice. After oreaßiast the
corps was divided into signal stations and.
distributed on the surrounding hills. Then
for nearly three hours messages were
flushed by t'.e heliograph and waved by
fiag^, the members of the corps displaying
remarkable proficiency in tueir work by
the rapidity with which the messages were
sent and received.
After lunch the boys occupied their time
in swimming, boating and revolver prac
tice, and late in the afternoon broke camp.
Tney boarded the last train and returned
to the city well pleased with the outing,
and without damage beyond a few wasp
stings. Major Evans, who accompanied
the corps, took a great deal of interest in
the work.
In the First Infantry Regiment there is
talk of a rifle-shooting match with marks
men of the Hawaiian National Guard.
Colonel Fairbanks, Fifth Infantry Reci
ment, will so 'n e=tabhsh regimental bead
quarters in San Francisco.
Third Brigade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. 10.—Mili
tary activity among the members of this
section of tne Third Brigade is in abey
ance on the State Fair, and little if any
drilling is being done as so majiy of the
members are employed in stores which
keep open on fair week.
Company G, Second Infantry, is making
preparations to go to Placerville shortly
after the fair for a two-days camp and out
door dnll. The company will go by train
with full camp eqnipag?.
Company E is also looking forward to a
short outing, but as yet has formed no
definite plans. Sereeant McCarthy, who
is so deservedly popular among the rank
and file, having removed to i>atrobe will be
unable to attend drills in the future with
his accustomed regularity and will be
greatly missed by the members of his
company.
T.e Signal Corps estab'ished a station
out on the Stockton road last Sunday and
obtained good success in heliograph ser
vice. It is the intention of signalmen
to attempt communication with Cascade,
a railroad station on the summit of the
Sierras, as soon as the air clears suffici
ently, the distance being 100 miles. If
they succeed they will hold the distance
record of the State. The uovj are am
bitioiis and are working hard in all that
pertains to their branch of the service.
Governor Budd and staff will attend in
fuli uniform at State Fair day, which oc
curs the 17th.
Major Rice of the regular army, who is
inspecting officer of the Third Brigade, is
in the City, and states that he finds the
brl.ade in excellent shape and rapidly
coming into form. When asked for hi.s
opinion as to how the Third compares
with other brigades he said : "I am not in
a position to state as I have never in
spected the others, but I will say that
although the Third is ranked third in
efficiency I think the others must most
assuredly be in a good state to surpass the j
Third. Especially must this be true in
the Signal Com, as I find the members of •
tne Third Signal Corps to be men of ex- :
ceptional ability, bright, brainy and am
bitions, men who in the near future will
make the members of other signal corps
look well to their laurel?."
One of the most crying needs of the
National Guard is the lack of suitable
armories. This is a matter that should
be bnm.-ht to ttie attention of the next
Legislature and appropriations made for
their erection. In the East the armories
are fully up to the requirements of the
service and the service is correspondingly
benefited. Many of the Eastern brigades
compare favorably with the men of the
reguiar service in efficiency and arc avail
able for any service required of them.
Ihe success attained by Troop B during
its last forced march was sucli that an
other trip is in contemplation. This time
they will probably make a raid in the di
rection of Gait, some thirty miles distant.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. 13.— Increased
interest is being manifested in the
drills and on the target range. Captain
F. W. Ward is determined that his com
pany shall be second to none in the guard.
He has issued an order which contains a
strong appeal to the members to exert
tnemselves in becoming proficient both in
tactics and on the range. The system of
work laid ou for the next three" months
will show marked improvement in the
company's efficiency.
Tuesday evening was the time appointed
for the drill contest for the handsome gold
medal prebented to the company by Ma
jor C. J. Berry (retired). The major was
formerly a high private in the company
and when he was appointed on General
Muller's staff he gave the company the
medal, to be contested for in a monthly
drill. Sergeant F. W. Mixter was the
lucky man to win t:>is month, after a con
tinuous hard drill for nearly two hours.
He was closely pressed by a large number
of the company, who all went down at a
technical command to kneel, leaving Ser
geant Mixter alone on the floor. A^large
number of visitors were prescutand highly
complimented the company on the excel
lence of the drill. Lieutenant Kibler
drilled the company. Tlie judges were
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
Captain Ward, Lieutenant Dozier and
Lieutenant Adams.
Captain Ward has secured for a term of
years a splendid new target range 550
yards long by 50 yards wide within one
mile of the armory. The ranee runs
north and south and is covered with ereen
grass the whole year. Back of the bulk
heads is an extensive body of heavy oak
timber, making it one of the prettiest as
well as one of the finest ranges in tbe
State. The bulkheads are built at 200,
300 and 500 yards, and are so arranged
that a shot cannot possibly go astray.
Sliding taigets, electrc bells and other
conveniences have been put in. A neat
firing stand has been erected with raised
scorestand. Tbe men are practicing
faithfully, with the determination to make
fine scores at the semi-annual shoot,
which takes place this month. The best
scores made last Sunday were: Captain
Ward 45, Ed P. Myers 43, R. H. Renick
43, F. A. Thomas 43, 0. P. Byra 43, A. B.
Shippey 42, Lieutenant Kibler 42, C. C.
Lofland 42, F. W. Mixter 42, W. H. Ed
wards 41, P. M. Norboe 41, C. F. Hafley 40.
Several other good scores were made, not
reaching the forty mark.
Company H of the Sixth.
MERCED, Cal., Sept 11.— Company H,
Sixth Infantry, paraded in Stockton Sep
tember 9 with companies A, B and D of
the same regiment. The company left
here at 6 :30 a. m. over the Southern Pacific
via Lathrop. The train was late in arriv
ing in Stockton and the parade was about
ready to start, but Captain Graham
marched the company to breakfast first.
The parade was a very long one, and for
tbe military boys it was extremely tire
some, for it was very difficult to keep good
lines marching over the streets paved with
blocks. The Merced soldiers are drilled
on unpaved streets and not accustomed to
marchinu on stone blocks. No arrange
ments had been made for giviner the sol
diers water along tbe line of march, which
added to the discomfort of the occasion.
While the parade was trying the boys
stood it manfully and did their best to
make up for it by enjoying themselves to
the uttermost after it was over. The
troops turned out in the full dress uniform
formerly worn in this State. Company H
has never had these uniforms issued to
them, but companies C and F of Fresno
kindly loaned theirs for the occasion.
Lieutenant Smith, who has been in San
Francisco on a visit, joined the company
in Stockton and returned home with it on
Thursday evening.
Musician Swan and Private Dix, who
have been on an outing in the mountains,
returned in time for the celebration.
The company has received a consign
ment of the new regulation fatigue caps
and have relegated the old pattern to the
darkest corner of the quartermaster's
storerooms. The new caps are much ap
preciated by the boys for their comfort and
neatness of appearance.
ARMY RIFLE PRACTICE.
Good Resu'ts With the Krag-
Jorgensen
Gun
Expected Visit of General Miles
Awakens Interest at tbe
Presidio.
The expected visit of General Miles,
commanding the Army, is now the chief
topic of comment in military circles. The
general, according to the announced pro
gramme, will leave Washington, D. C,
October 8. The post of Fort Sheridan,
Chicago, will be first visited. Then atten
tion will be given to the posts in Montana
and the Dakota*. On Puget Sound, where
vast fortifications have been planned,
some time will be passed.
General Forsyth, commanding the De
partment of California, is now in the East
on leave of absence and may not be in
San Francisco when the commanding
general arrives. It is quite well under
stood in army circles that General Miles
and General Forsyth do not give each
other the "glad hand" or the "gladsome
smile" when they meet, but it is regarded
as the next thing to high treason for army
officers to discuss the coolness in the pres
ence of newspaper scribes. Nevertheless,
for the peace of our fair country, it might
be iust as well for General Miles to come
before General Forsyth returns or for
General Forsyth to remain away until
General Miles co ncludes his visit in Cali
fornia.
The Eastern army journals ascribe great
importance to Lime Point station, and pre
dict that General Miles will place a body
of troops there. There is one twelve-inch
modern breech-loading rifle at Lime Point
and emplacements have been designated
for others. In the great system of harbor
defense the Lime Point position is im
portant The guns there will command a
fine sweep of the ocean and be able to de
liver a plunging fire on the narrow chan
nel which separates Lime Point from Fort
Point.
The twelve-inch rifle now in place at
Lime Point is guarded by a single watch
man. In the event of hostilities with
Great Britain another watchman micht be
required there to keep an eye on the Brit
ish colony at San Rafael.
The foot batteries of the Fifth Artillery,
stationed at the Presidio, are now having
annual tareel practice with the new
United States rifle, commonly known as
the Krag-Jorgensen. Lieutenant Mileyis
the range officer. The practice Degan last
Tuesday and will continue until each man
has fired thirty-five shots. The shortest
ranee is 100 and the longest 300 yards.
I Some excellent work has been done.
The board of officers appointed with the
I approval of the major-eeneral command
ing the army by the regimental com
mander to conduct the battery competi
tions of tne Fifth Artillery consists of:
First Lieutenant Warren P. Newcomb.
Second Lieutenant George G. Gatley.
Second Lieutenant Conway H. Arnold
Jr.
The officers comprisine the board left
for Fort Canby last Tuesday. They
should return in time to begin their du
ties at the Presidio September 17.
Lieutenant Treat, Fifth Artillery, has
gone to Fort Riley. Kan., to become Adju
tant of the Light Artillery Battalion.
There will be quite a concentration of
troopj at Riley, early in October. When
General Miles arrives there to view the I
maneuvers there will be on the field
eleven troopa of cavalry, three light bat
teries and five companies of infantry.
The infantry will march from Fort Leav
enworth to Riley.
Colonel Shatter, First United States In
fantry, who is temporarily commanding
the Department of California, is now oc
cupying the army mansion at Black Point.
The occupancy of the premises is for the
benefit of his wife's health.
It is now the talk at the Presidio that
Major Tully McCrea will not be ordered to
appear hetore the retiring board. Major
McCrea has a gallant record for service in
battle and bis slight disabilities were |
caused by wounds in action. The depart- I
ment, it is said, ruled that an olficer should
not be retired for disability so incurred,
unless the disability rendered him physi
cally unable to perform service.
A Lesson in Finance.
Light of the Household— Papa, what is
them red, white and blue things mamma
found in your pocket and calls chips?
Blushing Papa— Fiat money, my son,
redeemable at the bank in gold, silver or
paper. The system dates back with faro.
You know his daughter found Moses in
the bulrushes. Now run out and ride your
bicycle.— Detroit Free Press.
Loans on diamonds. Interest low. At Uncle
Harris.'. 16 Uraut avenue.
WHY SWEENEY WAS
TOSSED ABOUT
There Was No Room for
Him in the Receiving
Hospital.
PADDED CELLS ALL FULL
Where the Surgeon in Charge
and the Police Dif
fered Widely.
DR. F. T. FITZGIBBON EXPLAINS.
Yet Chief Crowley Insists That Only
Accused Persons Can Be
Imprisoned.
The case of Mike Sweeney, the old man
who was refused a place in the City Re
ceiving Hospital Friday morning, is now
quoted by Dr. Frank T. Fitzgibbon, the
surgeon in charge at that time, as an ex
ample of the inadequate accommodations
and general neglect of tbe hospital by tbe
Supervisors.
Sweeney's gtory was told exclusively in
The Call yesterday. He was taken from
Market a::d Goutzb streets in the police
patrol wagon to the Receiving Hospital lor
medical treatment, was at first relused ad
mission and subsequently allowed to go
outside. He was refused admittance to
the ward, and the police then moved him
to the City and County Hospital, where he
still remains on the sick list.
Ti e Receiving Hospital record shows
that Sweeney was received at 7 a. m. Fri
day, treated for "alcoholism" and sent to
the City prison. Assistant Police Sur
geon Fitzgibbon said yesterday: "I saw
this man when he came in here. He was
not suffering from the efiects of gas inha
lation, for he was walking about. The po
liceman said that Sweeney had been sleep
ing in a saloon all night. The three
padded cells were filled with insane people,
and the inebriate cells were crowded also.
So there was no place to put Sweenpy.
"He was suffering from delirium tremens,
and we could r.ot put him in a ward with
surgical patients or others suffering from
poison, all of whom need quiet and rest.
"Tbe police refused to take Sweeney
back; he was not so sickly that he could
not be kept in the City Prison a little
while till he would be sent to the City and
County Hospital. The man remained
here for some time, and went outside for
fresh air and took a seat on a window-sill
opposite the door.
"This is not the first time a case of this
kind lias come here. The police are always
throwing patients on us ; they use our am
bulance for old drunks with cut heads,
but when there is a sick man they put him
into the patrol-wajron and shake him up.
They come here with drunks, raving ma
niacs, and put them in a chair and then
MIKE SWEENEY, the Old Man Who Was Refused a Place at the
Gty Hall While Suffering.
walk away. We cannot take them all.
This is no place for cases of delirium tre
mens.
"The Supervisors recently appropriated
money for the enlargement of the hospi
tal. We were to have had new padded
cells ana new rooms for inebriates, but we
got nothing — nothing at all. I understand
they are going to start in on the improve
ments right away."
Chief of Police Crowley stated that as
there was no criminal charge against
Sweeney the police could not lock him up
in the City Prison. He had not investi
gateu the case, but on asking for a report
from the prison-Keeper he was informed
that Sweeney was taken to the Receiving
Hospital for medical treatment, refined
admission there and returned. Finally
Police Captain Healy had Sweeney re
moved to the City and County Hospital.
Serjeant Houghtaling declared that
Sweeney was not drunk, but appeared to
be very sick. He made practically the
same statement as Sergeant IHdwell,
which appeared in The Cam,. Sweeney
was seen in ward J at the County Hus
pital yesterday. He was nervous and
weak. "I had been up late Thursday
night, and when I woke early Friday
morning I discovered that gas was escap
ing in my room. I cot out as well as I
couid and went to the saloon downstairs,
but then I was stupid and until I got to
the Receiving Hospital was unconscious,
or at least everything was a blank to me.
I was not drunk, for all I took Thursday
night was four glasses of beer. I had no
money to buy liquor, haying been out of
employment for a lons time."
Dr. Kusel, in charge of ward J, said that
Sweeney had been put to bed in the ward.
His patient was quiet and the doctor felt
sure that there was no need of placing
him tinder restraint. "There was noth
ing to indicate alcoholism," added the
doctor. "Dr. Hutibell exiimined him and
did not see any such indications. There
certainly was no delirium tremens; I'll
swear to that. Sweeney was not even
eiven a sedative, but k dose of calomel, and
put to bed, where he slept for hours
quietly. He has been here three days and
remained absolutely quiet all the time.
There was certainly no cause for fear that
he might do any harm. Sweeney was
simply very sick and run down. He com
plained of a headache and indigestion,
but he was not a patient that should be
restrained."
The worst feature of Sweeney's case
seems to be that he got "between the devil
and the deep sea" at the City Hall, where
peace may reign again — after those new
padded cells are opened in the Receiving
Hospital.
THOUGHT PHOTOGRAPHY
Rev. Mr. Copeland Says It Is One of
the Possibilities of the
Century.
At the meeting of the Theosophical So
ciety in Golden Gate Hall last evening the
principal address was by Rev. W. E. Cope
land on the X-ray. He entered into a
lengthy explanation of the omnipotence
of ether, which he declared is the moving
lorce of the universe.
He then spoke of an article by Professor
l»avid Starr Jordan on the subject of
thought and tbe photociai.hing of it. and
said that be bad some doubt in regard to
what the professor bad set iorth, that the
photographing of thought had actually
occurred, but he had no doubt that before
the end of the century such a thing would
be possible. "For," said he, "I believe that
thought can be photographed through the
same force that enables one person to hyp
notize another, and that force is the one I
have already mentioned."
TWO ABLE DISCOURSES.
Seinlonof Ihe Spiritualists' Association
at Golden Gate Hall Yesterday.
The State Spiritualists' Association met
at Golden Gate Hail yesterday morning.
Service was opened by congregational
singing, after which Rev. H. P. Haworth
delivered the invocation.
President Thomas followed with his ad
dress on the subject of "Truth," and its
bearing — as exemplified and evidenced by
mediuniistic phenomena — upon spiritual
philosophy and the condition of the fu
ture life.
"We are standing to-day," said the lec
turer, "where we can see the tide of truth
advancing. That truth has always been
the same, bat we ourselves are becoming
better able to understand it than for
merly." Discussing the much-vexed ques
tion of "What good will it do to believe in
spiritualism?" the speaker observed:
"The good that will accrue from a
Knowledge of a philosophy that takes
away the fear of death and proves the
continuance of life for all— a life of pro
gressive advancement — must have im
portant bearinzs upon the happiness and
betterment of our lives here, and, conse
quently, hereafter."
Mis. Jennie Robinson communicated
messages from tbe spirit side of life and
National President Barrett closed the
morning services with an appropriate
poem.
At 2 p. M. Rev. H. P. Haworth delivered
the address of tbe afternoon, his subject
being, "The Power of Mind." In this he
ascribed the trouble in the world to-day
to tbe fact that men do not devote their
mental faculties to the object of extract
ing all the possible good out of life.
"The world," he said, "will stand aside
for the man who knows where he is going
and what he is going to do, and we can all
i be successful if we will only emulate this
spirit." He cited the experience of Bibli
cal and modern times to illustrate the
operation or the latter. The same power,
he aspurrd his hearers, that leu Moses and
the children of Israel, was leading us to
day. He appealed earnestly, in con
clusion, for a higher popular conception
of mind.
There was another large attendance at
the evening session, in the course of which
Rev. Mr. haworth and Mr. Barrett deliver-
Ed impressive addresses, the latter stating
that he had been appointed by the Board
nt the Stato Association to ordain Thomas
G. Newman as a minister of the gospel of
spiritualism.
Meetings will be continued at Golden
Gate Hail on Monday and Tuesday even
ings, and at tins Hamilton Hall, Oakland,
on Wednesday afternoon and evening.
* — ♦ — ♦
REV. BISON'S INVESTIGATIONS
Depletion of the Male Population and
t»»e Sunday-School Attendance.
At the Howard-street Methodist Church
yesterdny the Rev. D. Birch preached to
a large congregation. He said:
"In visiting the Sabbath-schools of Cali
fornia I have been much struck by the
vast Tiumh^r of girls as compared with
biys. In some the proportion is 90 per
cent :irls to 10 p n r cent boys. There are
causes tor tnis condition dr things. It is
not only that boys are more difficult to
win, but perhaps because while little chiU.
dren they die off more rapidly. lam told
that during two months ot this year a cer
tain City undertaker burieJ the bodies of
twenty-six boys under 5 years of age, but
no girls un ?er that age. Seven years ago
the proportion was 34 per cent more dovs
than snrls under 6 yea's of aare, but last
year 85 per cent more male than lema!e
infants died. If this be true, it should be
the determined effort of our health and
medical boards to discover the reason and
sueirest a remedy. I have, however, been
greatly delighted with the appearance of
the children attending the Sabbath
schools, and comparing then; with chil
dren playing in the streets it is obvious
that thf scholars have purer, brighter
eyes and finer, sweeter voices. I hope be
fore long every healthy child may be in
duced to attend some Sunday-school to
learn to rightly reverence self and culti
vate the ?pirit of acting justly to our fel
low-creatures."
• — » »
It is said that locomotives as* a third of
the coal mined in England.
WHY THIS CITY
WAS SACRIFICED
To Lower the Taxes of
the Southern Pacific
Company.
SECRET OF THE RAISE.
San Francisco Coolly Selected
As a Lamb lor the
Slaughter.
INDIGNATION OF TAXPAYERS
Interviews With Experts— Special
Session To-Day of tbe Board
of Supervisors
The real estate owners and taxpayers of
B«in Francisco are still chafing over the
recent action ol the State Board of Equal
ization in increasing her assessment
$30,000,000. It is generally felt to be an
outrage, and at the special session of the
Board of Supervisors, called by Mayor
Butro for to-day, it will be considered if
immediate steps cannot be taken to secure
a review of the action of the State Board
of Equalization .by the Supreme Court of
California. Then the people leel that they
wouid be assured of an equitable assess
ment. Supervisor C. L. Taylor and John
A. Russell, the clerk of the Board, are in
NEW TO-DAY
The Sure Fate
Of competitors who try to follow in the steps
of our low prices ; the stride from their prices
to ours is too great for them.
The tailor who charges you $25 to $40
for a suit may have to do it to live, but it is
robbery all the same. Our range of prices —
$10 to $20 — comprises business, evening and
dress suits, made to order, of the best mate-
rial, cut in the latest style, superbly trimmed.
Perfect fit guaranteed. Better workmanship
cannot be had no matter what you pay.
Columbian Woolen Mills
(S. N. WOOD & CO.),
MARKET 54| STREET.
211 Montgomery St., S. F. Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts., S. F.
1005 Brodway, Oakland. Cor. Astor and Lafayette PI., N. Y.
DO YOU
Want Manhood?
Do you realize that you are not the man
you should be at your age ? Do you rind
i your manly strength failing you, exposing
j the great drain that has been sappin? the
i very life and ambition out of you ? Does
I this knowledge mar your life ? Then, it is
! time for you to look seriously to your
health. You need such a remedy as Dr.
i Sanden's Electric Belt, from which you
j can absorb new strength and vitality. It
j is a grand remedy for any one who is weak
in vitality from whatever cause.
As Good for Women as for Men.
Makes People Strong.
, Tonin-r and Invigorating in its action, it
has made hundreds of vigorous men out
of as many weak, despondent fellows. It
will cur« you if you will try it.
••Three Classes of Men*
Is a very valuable treatise on the restora-
tion of manhood. It will point out a
i means by which you can become strong
and manly. It is sent sealed, free, to any
address, or can be had on application at
the office.
Don t put it off. Act to-day in a mattei
which concerns the happiness not only oi
yourself, but of your family and friends,
of your future. You should not delay.
Call or address
SAMDEIN ELECTRIC CO.,
030 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite .Palace HoteL OUioa hoars,- A *. v. it
• :iJO P. M. Sundays, 10 to 1.
,' Consultation Fuse and Invited.
' OFFICES AT: .
IX)S ANGELES, CAX* I PORTLAND, OR.,
. £04 Boat* Broadway. 1 353 Waahingvoa str««
vestigating tbe law of the case. In
the meantime th« Southern Pacific
Company, well pleased with the conduct
of its servants in the State Board of Eqaalt
ization, is preserving a discreet silence ana
closely watching the turn of events, on the
alert to take advantage of any legal tech
nicality which may arise out of the con
troversy.
The 20 per cent increase in the assess
ment of this City will, it in claimed, re
duce the State rate of taxation. The rail
roads (the Southern Pacific and Central
Pacific) were assessed by the State Board
of Equalization before the rate was fixed
and before the assessment was increased
and their assessments were thus naturally
and materially decreased. The assess
ment of the Southern Pacific and the
Central Pacific for this year has been
fixed at $36,000,000. Were it not for the
increased assessment of San Francisco and
some othejj counties the State tax rate
would b-- about 45 cents on the $100 — but
by increasing the assessments of these
counties the State Board of Equalization
has been enabled to reduce the tax rate to
42 cents on the $109. At 45 cents the rail
road companies mentioned would be com
pelled to pay 3 cents more on the $100
than they will be required to cio now,
since the rate has been lixed at 42 cents.
"It seems very strange," said a promi
nent real estate expert, "that the State
Board of Equalization should increase the
assessment of San Francisco 20 per cent
this year when the Assessor has added
$30,000,000 to the roll, and yet not have
deemed it ueccssary to make any increase
in the assessment last year. There is a
joker in it somewhere surely, and I think
The Call is correct in saying that it is the
Southern Pacific Company. So far as San
Francisco is concerned, we may console
ourselves with the thought that with a
high assessment we can make a corre
spondingly low tax rate, and so equalize
things.
"Last year the State and City taxes to
gether amounted to $2 25, but this year I
don't think they will exceed $1 35, so there
is another grain of comfort for us."
"Ca-h and solvent credits," said Hugo
Herzer, the Assessor's chief deputy, "can
not be raised, and consequently are not
affected by our increased assessment. The
20 per cent increase also affects mortgages
not assessed up to their face value, where
the property in question is assessed for
less than the face value of the mortgage.
"The total value of all mortgages in San
Francisco this year is about $50,000,000.
Probably not more than one-fifth of the
mortgages will be raised 20 per cent."
! Signature Is printed In • /jj
I BLUE diagonally if3^
i across tho SJ^ "'
OUTSIDE [I V/ »\^- >
; wrapper ' Mfi/l/^
-Ay I / of every
iT / bottle of
. ft/ / (the Original
\ JjJ y and Genuine)
/V/ y/ v Worceatershiro
ISAUCE
As a farther protection against
all imitations.
r Agent* lor the United State*, /„.'■
JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS. N. V.
IS THE VERY BEST ..NK TO EXAMINE
x your ryes and nt them to Spectacles and eV»-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention
whoae superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been clue to the merits of imy work
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. it
Baja California
Damiaiia Bitters
' It ■ powerful aphrodisiac and specific toato for;ii
, sexual and urinary orij»:u of both sexes, anl i
. § re *t remedy for diseases or the kidneys and bul-
j jer. a frea; Restorative, Invlgoratorand Nervta*.
cells on its own Merita— no long-winded laitt-
moniau necessary. ■ ■ - • ■ * ' ■• - ■
*.% tii.it, o.L,n * IiKUNK, Agents.
I • 823 lUrktt »«., 0. i'.-iaeud tot CUouUc,
56
MONDAY 3KPTKMBKK 14, 1890
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor mad Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajt Free t
Dally and Sunday Cam., one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Dally and Sunday Call, one ear, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
- Dally and Sunday Call, alx mouth*;, by mull.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.60
. Dally and Sunday (all, one month, by malL. .66
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Wkkslv Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a %-acation * If
M, It It no trouble for ns 10 forward THE CALL to
your addresi. Do not let it mtas yon for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE 1
710 Market Street,
Baa Francisco, California.
Telephone..... Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS 1
517 Clay Street.
Telephone aralß-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
050 Montgomery street, corner Clay: opea until
C :S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Lcrk.D street: open until 8:80 o'clock,
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock. :V,T.y>
Sill Mission street; open nntU 9 o'clock
110 Klntn street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
£08 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. ITOLTZ. Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOR PKES II) K NT-
WILLIAM HcKINLET, of Oblo
*"OK VICF-PRR*II>KXT—
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersej
ET.KCTION NOVEMBER 3. 1898.
To-day Maine speaks.
The Arkansas vote is now a back nulli
ty r.
Maine will see Vermont's majority and
go it several thousand better.
Every workshop is a Republican head«
quarters in these days, for the workers
need protection.
The silver-mine owners who have backed
Bryan have made a mighty poor gamble
lor their money.
Next to the speeches of McKinley the
best Republican campaign documenta are
the speeches of Bryan.
We shall know when the Maine vote is
counted just how much Sewall'3 nomina
tion is worth to Democracy.
The battle for protection is virtually
won, but the people should be careful not
to elect any iree-traders to otiice.
In the mad whirl of his oratory in these
Says it is doubtful if Bryan ever takes
time even to think that he thinks.
The trouble in the fusion camp is that
every fusionist wishes to get tho 1G and
give the other fellow the measly 1.
We have now been informed that Claude
Matthews is sick and Boies is tired out,
but what about Silver Dick Bland?
The American workingman who wishes
good wages and good dollars is not taking
much stock in the Bryan movement.
Level-headed Democrats have given up
this campaign and are trying to console
themselves with the hope of better luck in
11KX).
It is safe to say that when Tom Watson
reads the report from Maine to-morrow he
will conclude that he has a good one on
BewalL
It is certainly unnecessary for Bryan to
discuss tbe tariff since everybody knows
he voted for the Wilson bill and his record
is enough.
The free silverites will make a hard
light to cut down the Kepublicau majority
in Maine to-day, but they will find the
job even harder than the light.
The Democratic orators talk of money,
money, money, but the people know the
only way to get money i 3 to get work, and
work is hard to get under Democratic free
trade.
Before long the Indianapolis nominees
will be notified, and they will then have a
chance to write letters of acceptance which
will cause them to be remembered for one
day more.
Our readers are doubtless getting tired
of the reiteration of Bryan's speeches, but
we must keep publishing them, for we
wish to increase the Republican vote as
much as possible.
To well-informed advocates of free silver
coinage international agreement seems
not only the safest but the shortest way 10
establish bimetallism, and therefore they
support McKinley.
If ever there was a political forlorn hope
it is that of the Palmer and Buckner
Democrats, but nevertheless there are a
good many right-thinking Americans who
glory in their pluck.
It is reported in Chicago that Governor
Altgeld did not make his trip toGlenwood
Springs, Colo., for health only, but to
strike the silver-mine owners for a cam
paign fund, and it ia the belief in Chicago
that lie got it.
Republicans must be on their guard in
Congressional and Legislative districts.
It is the evident intention of the Popocrats
to abandon Bryan and make every effort
to elect Congressmen ana the United
States Senator.
Workingmen might as well quit asking
democratic orators and newspapers how
they will get any profit from free silver
while American mills are closed, for they
will never get a satisfactory answer no
matter how often they ask.
Farmers have learned by their experi
ence with the Democratic tariff that they
need a home market for their products
more than they need free silver, and ac
cordingly they are not going to vote for
Bryan the free-trader, no matter what he
may promise about money.
According to Moses Handy the attempt
to raise & fund to start a free-sftver news
paper in Chicago had to be "abandoned
several hundred thousand dollars short of
the mark, so it seems the silver boys are
not bleeding half as much as they arc
yelling.
A GREAT DAY AT CANTON.
Five thousand men, Republicans and
Democrats, called upon Major McKinley
last Saturday to assure him that the peo
ple are still for good money and prosper
ity, the active working of jawsmiths in
the direction of ruin notwithstanding. In
the course of his speech to some 700 Penn
sylvania workingmen, Major McKinley
said:
"1 do not think there was ever a time
in the history of our country when so
many men were interested ia the rightful
settlement of public questions as this year,
andno class of our people are so much in
terested in their rightful settlement as the
men who work lor wages and salary."
Mr. Bryan is on record in a dozen places
as being opposed to the Government af
fording any protection whatever to Ameri
can workingmen against the competition
of pauper and other kinds of low wage
schedules of Europe and the Orient, and
he is Irying 10 organize a following that
will enable him to put his free trade
in labor's product theories into practical
operation. Major McKinley is right.
There never was a time in the history of
the country when sso many men were in
terested In the issues ai those now before
them, especially are men who work for
wages interested, for if Bryan ism prevails
they know that they will be brought face
to face with the W3ges of other countries
and that they will be defeated.
No doubt tbe question which the Bryan
ites have thrust upon the country ne
cessitate an unusually deep inter
est in public affairs on the part
of the people. Mr. Bryan is trav
eling through the country soliciting
votes for himself for President. He is ad
vocating the adoption of a system of gov
ernment which means the overthrow of
traditions and economic principles which
have obtained ever since the Nation was
founded, and tbe question which tbe peo
ple have to answer is, Shall we experi
ment with other forms of government, or
shall we hold on to the basic principles of
the federation of the States which have
enabled the country to grow from a few
colonies to the most powerful Nation in
the world?
But there is equally as much danger to
the people in Bryan's monetary theories
as in his free-trade doctrine. It matters
not if he does talk of bimetallism, what
he is aiming at is to put this country
wholly upon a silver basis. Ilia theory
could lead to no other result. He denies
the right of those to whom our farmers
and manufacturers sell their products to
have a voice in determining what kind of
money shall be employed in our trade in
tercourse with them. This is a proposi
tion which should, as Major McKin
ley says, interest our people deeply.
It surely connot be that those
who work for wages and those
who buy and sell in the markets are will
ing to substitute a doubtful and ever
changine monetary system for the one we
have now, which firmly and without vari
ableness holds every form of our dollar
up to the equivalent of 100 cents, and not
only in the United States but in every
country where money is used. There is
no doubt at all that the people have great
interest in the issue now before them, for
the prosperity of the country and the
safety of all business enterprises are in
volved. Mr. Bryan would tear away the
basic principles of the Government and
build anew, while Major McKinley would
repair the waste places and revive busi
ness on the lines of protection and sound
money.
I am from the West, but I hoot neither left
an enemy's country nor found an enemy's
country in New York. No man who stands
for American progress, -prosperity and pres
tige v ill find an enemy's country in the great
Empire State. None but they who seek to
tear down and destroy, none but {hey who
incite to prejudice and passion, none but
they who lead a campaign against the credit
of the country, will find New York an en
emy's country; but those who do will be over
whelmed by the. votes of freemen to the ex
tent of a quarter of a million majority.—
Senator Thurston.
A TRUE DOCTRINE.
In his speech accepting the nomination
of the National Democratic party for
Vice-president, General Buckner said:
"Wages are fixed by a law that is as im
mutable as the season*. Wages depend
ou production, and nothing else. An in
fallible test of prosperity is the rate of
wages paid to labor, and I will support
any man who will raise the rate of wages,
no matter by what political name. I be
lieve in high wages, because they mean
general prosperity."
What General Buckner said has been a
doctrine of the Republican party from the
beginning, but the Republican party did
not discover the principle underlying the
declaration. It is as old as humanity.
The law which General Buckner says is
immutable is the law of supply and de
mand, with something added. There
might be demand enough to consume the
entire supply of labor ana the price of
labor might still be unreasonably low.
Were it not so there would be no occasion
for labor organizations. To be just the
demand should amply compensate the
supply, and labor unions seek to have that
done.
But the demand is under the law of
competition, and if the cost of its product
is higher than the similar product of an
other demand it is shutout of the market.
It cannot reduce the cost of its raw ma
terial to meet competition, therefore it is
at a disadvantage which it cannot over
come so far as that item is concerned. It
may, however, compete in the markets
for finished product by lowering the price
of labor to where no competitor would
have the advantage in the matter of total
cost of the articles marketed. Iv that
event the demand for labor would be equal
to the supply, but the supply would not
have just compensation, nor would pros
perity be general even thougn the pro
ducer's final profits should be as great as
il he paid labor twice as much.
General Buckner understands the work
ing of the law of demand and supply ex
actly as Major McKinley does. That is to
say, the demand for labor should be so
circumstanced that it may be able not
only to take the entire supply, but give
it such compensation as «hall enable it to
have a reasonable margin of difference be
tween what it costs for its proper main
tenance and what it receives for its service.
This difference is what labor puts into a
home and in the savings bank. It so Hap
pens that under our system of govern
ment the standard of living for labor is
necessarily very much higher than in any
other country. Moreover, a peculiarity of
our system of government is that labor, as
an individual, is a sovereign, clothed with
as much authority and entitled to as
many rights under the law as the demand
for labor who gives labor employment,
hence the demand has no right to ask for
exclusive privileges. If the law secures
good to it labor Las the right to partici
pate in whatever good accrues.
But the question is. to what extent shall
the law secure good results to demand and
supply, they being sovereigns upon an
equal footing? The ultimate purpose of
the Government being to secure the lar
TUE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
gest possible degree of comfort, prosperity
and safety to its people, it follows that it
must protect its people against foreign
competition that would impoverish them
quite as much as against foreign invasion
that contemplated the acquisition of any
part or all of tbe country.
This is the law of self-preservation nnd
to abrogate it would be to annul tbe law
of demand and supply, so far as our own
people are concerned, for tha material
strength of this country must necessarily
come from conditions which enable us to
not only create a demand ourselves but
to supply the demand ourselves. This is
what General Bucfcner means. It is what
Major McKinley advocates everyday. It
is what the Republican party has always
contended for, and it is nothing more nor
less than doing business on a business
sense basis. Mr. Bryan is not in favor of
anything of this kind, but Mr. Bryan is
not a true American in very many ways.
Whenever a nation has debased its cur
rency in ancient or modern history the man
vho has suffered the worst has not been the
man who lends money, but the mon vho has
to earn it. We luive tried the experiment our
selves. When we suspended specie payments
during the Civil War the price of goods went
up enormously, but the wages of labor lagged
behind. It is a matter of official record that
a week's wages in JSOS bought less than they
did in ISGO.—Hon. Curtis Guild of New York.
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS AND
McKINLEY.
Commercial travelers are the jolliest
men in the world, but they never forget
that they are "on the road" to sell goods.
They are, too, the best readers of the signs
of the times and are in the best possible
position to keep a finger on the pulse of
public sentiment. It is safe to conclude,
therefore, that when so very many of
them go out of their way to call upon
Major McKinley and assure him that his
theories of government in practical opera
tion are necessary to the trade and traffic
of the country, there i 3 reason for their
going.
In his business life the commercial trav
eler is all things to all men. It is his
business to know people, ana from people
he gathers information that is valuable to
him, which he utilizes for the good of his
line or trade. If, then, he is espousing
the cause of Major McKinley, it is because
he sees that his customers believe that
McKinley's election would give stability
to their business enterprises and increase
the volume of their trade. As a business
proposition the commercial traveler wants
done whatever will honorably enable him
to sell more goods, and hence if his cus
tomers demand the election of McKinley
because they believe it to be to theii* inter
est", he is for McKinley.
But aside from all that, the commercial
traveler is the manliest of men and a
sincere lover of his country's institutions,
and no one better than he knows what in
a commercial way is best for the country.
He is never a partisan politician, and hence
it follows that in advocating the election
of Major McKinley he is doing it as a busi
ness matter, and sincerely believes that
protection anu the other economic declar
ations which Major McKinley is pledged
to apply in the conduct of the affairs of
the country would be of sreater advantage
to commerce than those which Bryan ad
vocates.
It is contended by the advocates of free sil
ver that this it an issue between the gold
standard and bimetallism. Nothing could
be farther from the truth. It is an issue be
tween a monetary system which tin give us
silver atone and the existing - monetary sys
tem, which gives us a practical bimetallism. —
Senator Thurston.
WEBSTER ON BRYANISM.
Lost Saturday night the local Democracy
held a mass-meeting to give expression to
political sentiments which proved to be as
thoroughly un-American in tone and
character as could be expressed in lan
guage. The warp and woof of the speeches
were composed of expressions like these:
'•Will you settle this matter by the ballot
or by the sword?" "When the physical
strength of the classes is brought against
the physical strength of the masses the
former will be crushed like eggshells."
"As in July, 1776, the American people
adopted a document petting them free
from the yokes and chains of slavery that
they had borne hitherto, so in JuJy of 1896
the American people had placed before
them a new Declaration of Independence,
setting them free from yokes and chains
just as galling." "While the War of In
dependence brought upon our ancestors
their Saratoga, their Camden and the
pangs of starw lion and of unshod bleed
ing feet, in the end it brought to them
their Yorktown. So it may be in this new
war."
No better reply to these and all such
revolutionary utterances could be found
than the following irom a speech of Daniel
Webster, delivered in January, 1834, at a
time when the money question was dis
torted and twisted by demagogues just as
it is to-day for personal political ad
vantage. The great commoner said:
Mr. President: On the great questions which
occupy us we all look for some decisive, move
ment of public opinion. As I wish that move
ment to be free, intelligent and unbiased, the
true manifestation of the public will, I desire
to prepare the country for another appeal,
which 1 pe rceive Is about to be made to popular
prejudice — another attempt to obscure all dis
tinct views ol the popular good by loud cries
against false danger, and by exciting the
passions of one class against another. lam
not mistaken in the omen. I see the magazine
whence the weapons of this warfare are to be
drawn. I already hear the din of the ham
mering ol the arms preparatory to the combat.
There may be such arms, perhaps, as reason
able justice ana honest patriotism cannot
resist. Kvery effort at resistance, it is possible,
way be feeble and powerless; but I for one
shall make an effort to betcin now, and to be
carried on and continued with uutiriag xeal
till the end of the contest comes.
Sir, I see in those vehicles which carry to the
people sentiments from high places, plain dec
larations that the present controversy is but a
strife between one part of a community and
another. I hear it boasted as the unfailing se
curity, the solid ground, never to be shaken,
on which recent measures rest, that the poor
naturally hate the rich. I know that, under
the cover of the roofs of the Capitol, withiu
the last tweuty-four hours, among men sent
her* to devise means for the public safety and
the public good, it Has been vaunted forth, as
matter of boast and triumph, that one cause
existed powerful enough tosupporteverything,
and that was the natural hatred of the poor to
the rich.
Sir, I pronounce the author of such senti
ments to be guilty of attempting a detestable
fraud on the community ; a double fraud, a
fraud which Is to cheat men out of their prop
erty and the earnings of their labor, by first
cheating them out of their understanding.
"The natural hatred of the poor to the rich!"
Sir, it shall not Le to the last moment of my
existence— it shall be only when lam drawn to
the vergo of oblivion, when I shall cease to
have respect or affection for anything on earth
—that 1 will believe the people of the United
States effectually deluded, cajoled and driven
about in herds by such abominable frauds as
this. If tiiey shall sink to that point, if they
so far cease to be men, thinking men, intelli
gent men, as to yield to such pretenses and
such clamor they will be slaves already, slaves
to their passions, slaves to the fraud and
knavery ol pretended friends; they will de
serve to b« blotted out of all the records of
freedom; they ought not to dishonor th« c*uie
ot self-government by attempting any longer
to exercise it; they ought to keep their un
worthy hands entirely off the cause of repub- '
lican liberty, if they are capable of being the
victims of artifices so shallow, of tricks so
stale, so threadbare, bo often practiced, so
much worn out, on serfs and slaves.
"The natural hatred of the poor against the
rich!" "The danger of a moneyed aristoc
racy'" '-A power as great and dangerous as
that resisted by the revolution!" "A call to a
new Declaration of Independence!" Sir, I ad
monish the people against the object of out
cries like these. I admonish every industri
ous laborer in the country to be on his guard
against such delusion*. I tell him the attempt
is to play off his passions against his interests,
and to prevail on him, in the name of liberty,
to destroy ah the fruits of liberty ; in the name
of patriotism to injure and afflict his country,
and in the name of his own independence to
destroy that very independence and make
him a beggar and a slave. Has he a dollar?
He is advised to do that which will destroy
h>ill its value. Has he hands to labor? Let
him rather fold them and sit still than be
pushed on by fraud and artifice to support
measures which will render his labor usele«»
and hopeless.
COAST EXCHANGES.
Frank A. Leach of the Oakland Evening
Enquirer has purchased the Oakland Morning
Times and if he succeeds in the publication of
the pair of them as well aa he has done with
the Enquirer he will have entitled himself to
be called the Napoleon of Oakland journalism.
Charles Burrey has disposed of his interest
in the Marin County Herald to JUpssrs. George
Bing and 8. D. Chatterton, who, in assuming
chargo of the paper, remark that they are
actuated by an honest desire to make Sausa
lito their home for the future; tnat they have
no ax to grind and will "treat rich and poor
alike with courtesy and respect so long as they
deserve it." Both of the new proprietors have
had experience in the newspaper field.
It is rather a good sign for a community and
rather a irood advertisement as well when its
local paper finds It necessary to enlarge in
order to accommodate its increasing business.
The iEtna (California) Reporter has just shown
this excelleut evidence of progress and pros
perity. Charles Calkins, its editor, Qeclares
that "the paper will continue to keep abreast
of the times and grow up with the age of en
terprise and progress which has now fully
dawned upon the new Scott Valley."
D. D. Bowman, who at different times was
connected with the Mountain View Register
and the Los Gatos Mail, has purchased the Tl I
lamook (Or.) Headlight.
It is a pleasure to note that George F. Weeks
has become sole proprietor of the Bakersfield
Californian, a paper which owes its high stand
ing and reputation to the aniole qualifications
of Mr. Weeks as a newspaper man of the all
round variety.
In pursuance of the divine injunction, "six
days shalt thou labor and do all thy work,"
the men who make xhe Stockton Dail v Record
will be given a day of rest on trie sabbath and
no paper will De issued from that office on
Monday mornings hereafter. As compensation
to the public for the one day of rest the Record
promises to be brighter and more new«y on the
otber six day*.
The Stockton Independent will also become a
six-day paper, its publishers trusting that all
its hard-wonted artisans "will find their way
to some of the houses of worship to atone for
their past transgressions in laboring seven days
in the week for the past six months."
The town of Williams has lost a newspaper
and Arbuckle has gained one in the change of
base of the Transcript, published by J. L. Ken
nun and L. A. Eichler.
The Keystone, a new Populist newspaper pub
lished at Multermoro, near Fresno, has ma.de a
special ollor, wiUi the object of increasing its
subscription list. To everybody who brings in
¥- iv cash tor two yearly subscriptions it will
give a choice of riiv two of a number of prizes,
includiug one gallon wine, half gallon brandy,
two pounds plug tobacco, one box cigars and
one pair corsets. Bread, better and meat, or
any otjier kind of food, do not appear on the
list. Tne keystone is a radical reform paper.
San Benito County farmers now haul their
hay by team to the San Jose market. Says the
San Jose Hews: "The distance is forty-five
miles and the cost of hauling is if' 2 per ton,
which ou the amount of hay that will be
hauled before the rain sets in will mean the
paying of nearly $2000 to the teamsters, which
until last year went to the railroad company.
Last year tne firm of Bennett Bros, paid $3000
for hauling its hay by team. The railroad
rates are $1 per ton, but the question of time
and mode of shipping are not convenient for
the shippers."
Merced is enjoying quite a building boom at
present. According to the Star of that city:
"several new houses are being erected and
other buildings being altered or improved.
The brick work on the high school building is
finished and the carpenters and cornice-men
are now at work on their portion ot the struc
ture. Every effort is being made to hasten the
completion, in order that the building may be
occupied this winter. The Board of Supervis
ors have advertised for bids for fitting up the
scientific laboratory in the basement. Work
on the Valley road freight and passenger depot
is also being rapidly prosecuted. The founda
tions are completed and the superstructure
has been started."
—
Sonoma County is awakening to tho fact
that its hills are rich in treasures of gold, sil
ver, copper, quicksilver, coal, marble, etc. A
vein of manganese is supposed to lie near the
base of St. Helena Mountain, and its course is
said to have been traced by float for several
miles. A black sand ou the coast yields parti
cles of gold. It was worked some time ago at
the mouth of Bodega Bay with small success.
In the Santa Rosa Republican >?illiam M. Got
waldt has an article, iv the course of which he
■ays: "The mineral deposits of Sonoma
County, as evidenced by recent discoveries,
seem principally to lie along a line drawn
from English Hill to Occidental, thence north
erly to Cloverdale, and then deflecting to the
east at an auglo of 90 de?.
"Beginning at the lower extremity of the
line there is an extensive ledge of quartz, as
saying $4 in gold and 60 cents "in silver. Pros
pect shafts have been sunk on the ledge and
assays made Irom a number of places. Barren
rock bat never been found lying between its
walls. Johnson * Stillwell of Bloomfleld have
recently been doing considerable development
on the ledge, but have as yet treated none of
the ore. Around Occidental some excellent
float has been found lately.
"On Dutch Bill Hill, several miles from the
town, is located the Garibaldi gold mine,
which has been wonted for several years.
Three assays recently obtained from different
laboratories average $12 01 a ton. This indi
cates a rich strike, as the ledge is very exten
sive and has been crowing better as develop
ment work progressed. The ore body has been
tapped by a drift over 200 feet long and a
shaft sunic sixty feet deep at the face of the
tunnel. It is expected to have a stamp mill at
work before the end of the year. The prin
cipal stockholders in the mine are John Go
betti, Pedrini Bros., Gamella Bros, and Fran
cisco <fc (o.
''Less than a month ago a valuable cinnabar
deposit was unearthed within the village of
Occidental by James Brian, who was digging
a well on his property. The sulphate of quick
silver is embodied in a vein of quartz 30 feet
wide. The cinnabar shows in tiny red streaks,
and is supposed to comprise 2 per cent of the
ledge matter where it is richest. Notwith
standing the low price of quicksilver, the claim
looks like a paying property, at least worth
investigating.
"M. C. Meeker has cut many thousands of
dollars' worth of timber on his land, but he
believes that a greater fortune is concealed
beneath the redwood roots. There are im
mense croppings ot auriferous quartz, iron
ore, graphite ana pure ochre on many of his
wooded hillsides.
"Near Healdsburg the Madeira brothers
made a discovery a year ago which may result
in a huge bonanza. It consists of a mountain
of onyxized marble. Not only Is the supply
wonderful for its extent but for its superior
quality. There is only one drawback to the
development of the property, and that is tho
inaccessibility. If a road were built to the
quarry and a moneyed company owned the
property it would doubtless yield handsome
returns."
Yisalia and PorterviUe la Xulare County are
rejoicing over the completion of the Mount
Whitney telephone system. It is expected
that branch lines will coon be extended in all
directions. The Visalia Times thus refers to the
leading spirit of the enterprise: "Dr. J. M.
Gilstrap, president of the company, has, iv
the building of the line, shown his ability in
managing and pushing such a project to a suc
cessful conclusion. Better than all, he has
built seventy miles oi telephone wires, with
fixtures complete, without incurring but a few
dollars of debt, an achievement that was never
done before in California, and that was pro
nounced impossible by many of the stock-
GENERAL G. REULING of the Nicaraguan Army, Who Won
the Battle of La Paz.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
holders of the company. To show their ap
preciation of the doctor's management the
directors at their last meeting voted him $100
worth of company scrip as a compliment for
his efficiency."
The sixteen-page Admission day edition of
th« Stockton Mail was a creditable one in every
respect. The illustrations were many and
attractive, and besides the matter relative to
the celebration and the hißtory of the day
there were several pages of information con
cerning the wealth, resources and prospects
of the railroad center of the San Joaquin
Valley.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Steamer trials in the British navy have oi late
been conducted with a view of ascertaining
what avessel Is capable of doing in actual ser
vice. Thus the trials of the Venus, protected
eheathed cruiser of SGOO tons, which took
place last month, extended over ten days and
consisted of eight hours' continuous steaming
under natural draught, four hours under
forced draught and thirty hours' continuous
steaming at sea over a certain cour.se under
natural draught, half-boiler power, to ascer
tain the coal consumption. The contract
called for 8000-horsepower and 1814 knots
speed under natural draught, and the trial
gave 8204-horse power and 19J^ knots. Under
forced draught the power was 9774 and 20.18
knots speed. Under half-power the engines
developed 4876-horsepower and a speed of
10.8 knots, with a coal consumption of only
1.6 pounds per horsepower per hour.
Three serious accidents from lowness of
water in ihe boilers have recently been re
ported from the British fleet in the Mediter
ranean. In the Trafalgar and Phaeton no
casualties occurred, but on the Biake the
crown-sheet collapsed and one man was
scalded to death. It is said that the feed
pumps were not properly weighted and that
the water returned to the tanks instead of
gome into the boilers. It is also alleged that
young inexperienced engineers are blamed
for these very serious and costly accidents.
Forty-seven torpedo-boat destroyers are now
in course of construction for the British navy,
the admiralty having just placed orders for
twenty with light ship-building firms. All
these vessels are to have a speed of 30 knots.
The Santa Fe, one of tour torpedo-boat de
stroyers building by Yarrow & Co. for the
Argentine, has had her three-hours' trial, and
with a load of thirty-five tons made 26%
knots. These boats are 190 feet in length,
19 feet 6 inches beam and 12 feet depth.
The Belleville boiler, water tubular, on the
same general principles as the Ward boiler on
the Monterey in our navy is meeting with
great confidence in Europe and South Amer
ica. In the British navy the Belleville boiler
has been placed in the Powerful and Terrible,
and is also to be used In two 13,000-ton bat
tleships just contracted for. Kussia has ac
cepted the system for three 11,000-ton cruisers
and several other vessel*. It is likewise being
introduced in Australian, Italian and Chilean
war vessels, but it is in France especially that
this boiler finds its Greatest use in the navy
and merchant service. No less than twenty
war vessels, now in course of construction, are
being fitted with these boilers.
Armstrong, Mitchell <b Co.. on the Tyne,
have in course of construction no less than
twelve war vessels to be delivered by the end
of 1897.
The Italian battleship, Sicilia, has developed
a speed under a six-hour natural draught trial
of 19.6 knots on a displacement of 13,100
tons. The engines were built in Italy, while
those built for the Re Umberto, a slater ship to
the Sicilia, were built in England, and gave a
speed of only 18.3 knots.
In the naval arsenal at Akabane. Tokio, 1308
workmen were engaged last month. Of these
five received the maximum pay of 1.20 yen per
day. The others earned from 24 to 26 sen per
diem.
INFANT'S LONG CLOAK
The bisnop sleeve is the ideal shape for an
infant's cloak if made without a fitted lining
as this is, for it facilitates putting the garneut
on and makes the little arms more comfort
able, leaving them free and un trammeled.
The double capes are pretty and servo a pur
pose if the fabric is not very heavy, making
tne garment warmer. If desired, one cape
may be omitted. A binding of narrow rit>bon
makes a neat finish for the capes if they be un
linca.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
One of the most picturesque characters
reaching this City for a lone time is General
G. Reuling of Nicaragua, who came on the
steamer Newport a day or two ago, and is at
the Occidental.
General Reuling is a young mari with wavy
brown hair, and wears a neat-fitting dark blue
uniform, decorated with gold after the style of
the Nioaraguan army. He is scarcely 40 years
of age, and before he sought distinction in
war was a civil engineer in Nicaragua.
But before this he came as a boy to Nic-
aragua, for he is a native of Holland. He is to
all intents and purposes now, however, a na
tive Xicaraguan, for he has all the ways of his
Spanish-ppeaking, dark-skinned compatriots.
Strictly interpreted, though, the residents of
Nicaragua are not all loyal to President Zelaya.
They have been having a revolution down
there, and General Reuling has been coping
with it
This accounts for his arriving with his left
leg in chancery, so to speak. It was swathed
in bandages, because of a bullet discharged
from a rifle in the hands of the followers of
General Francisco Boca at the battle of La Paz
six months ago. The wound refused to heal,
and General Reuling, finding it would never
get well there, came here to iry a new climate
and new treatment on it. He may have to re
main hero several months.
"President Zelaya is one of the wisest rulers
Nicaragua has ever known," said he yesterday,
"and the attempt to overturn the country by
Baca was a monstrous casts ol ingratitude.
The President is doing everything he can to
bring about prosperity therc,.aud he has suc
ceeded pretty well.
"The revolution is now suppressed. Nica
ragua is flourishing. The coffee crop is good
and money quite plentiful."
DISCOVERY OF AN OLD FLAG
Philadelphia Inquirer.
Charles Mund, who now occupies the house
239 Arch street, in which Betsy Rosa made
the first American flags, yesterday discovered
a flag evidently made by her. It was tucked
The Old Flag.
away in the corner of the loft, and its presence
was accidentally disclosed while he was put
ling away other flags which had been used in
decorating the house.
It was a flag of the old regulation size, its
bunting stained with dust and age, its blue
considerably faded and the stars, once white
turned dingy. There were just thirteen 01
these stars, arranged not as in the original flair
In a circle, but exactly as in the cut, and the
stars, instead of being woven in, were sewed
on to the material of the flag, precisely as the
very first atari are said to have been sewn on
the flag which the Continental Congress
adopted.
Mr.Mund was not long In coming to the con
clusion that many years must have elapsed
since that union and thrse strines and stars
saw tne light. The elder Mr. Mnrid bought the
property, his son said, more than forty years
ago, and he was confident that his father knew
nothing of the existence of this old-time relic.
,h- C t re «iH n fl IStU i rb led>1 ed> In . the dark and dus *. has
hat old flag lain while the thirteen stars
tacked fast upon its blue have multiplied into
five ana forty, and a bitter conflict has been
waged in order to keep them together
CAMPAIGN ECHOES.
In addition to its other failures, the Demo
cratlc party will fail to carry the coming elec
tion.—New York Press.
While Bryan is showing himself to curious
crowds his own State is getting away from
him.— Minneapolis Journal.
A great man is one who claims the right to
sit up in a sleeping car and discuss the money
question all ni*ht.— Galveston News.
If you hear a big noise in a saloon as you
pass by, it is not a fight, it is simply some
local politician explaining his position on the
financial question.— Florida Times-Union.
"Do you understand this 16 to 1 problem
Mr. Goligntly?" '
"Yes-and I think gixteen boarders to one
watermelon is;entirely too raany/'-Detroit
Free Press.
There ought to be a special provision on tho
statutes for cases of deadly assault in which
one or the other party to the encounter is
shown to have begun a silver argument—Chi
cago Record.
Nobody ever before knew such a benevolent
candidate as Bryan. He keeps right on talk
ing, although the Democratic campaign man
agers warn him that all his talks make Repub
lican votes.— St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
It would be much more profitable for Mr.
Bryan to spend his time denouncing the crime
of the year 1, when the deappleization of the
tree, resulted iv compelling one o! our first
families, the well-known Adamses, to emi
grate.—Chicago Tribune.
"What does he mean by an appreciated dol
lar?" asked Weary Watkins as the free silver
advocate was holding forth.
"More'n I know," answeied Hungry Hig.
gins. "Fur as that goes, I'd appreciate a
nickel if I could git holt of it."— IndianapolU
Journal.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Hatton, an attorney of Modesto, ii at
the Lick.
W. F. George, a Sacramento attorney, is vis
iting at the Grand.
M. Marks, a merchant of Oroville, is at tho
Grand on a brief visit.
J. A. iNorthway, a hotel man of Nevada City,
is staying at the Grand.
Malcolm Sale, a merchant of Astoria, Or., is
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
H. W. Wagoner, a larmer of Ashland, Or., ia
at the Cosmopolitan with his wife.
Rev. A. L. Jones and wife of Cloverdale are
spending a few days at the R&mona.
H. S. Shamp, owner of a large vineyard at
St. Helena, is registered at the Lick.
A. S. Bigelow, a mining man of Nevada
City, is among the latest arrivals at the Grand.
T. G. Yancey, who is engaged in the lumber
business at Newman, arrived at the Lick last
nignt.
F. P. Recce, a prominent hotel man from
Johannesburg, South Africa, is staying at the
Ramon a.
D. W. Morgan of Sacramento, who owns
mining property in El Dorado County, is a late
arrival at the Lick.
J. F. Clapp of Chicago, who is interested in
mines on the mother lode, is among the lato
arrivals at the Grand.
J. B. Hammond, a large manufacturer of ag
ricultural implements at Portland, Or., ar
rived at the Palace last night.
Harleigh Johnson of Santa Barbara, man
ager of the San Ysidro orange ranch in £1
Montecito, is a guest at the Grand.
P. B. tfraser, president of tne Farmers' and
Merchants' Bank of Stockton, registered at the
Occidental yesterday with his wife.
Judge Henry L. Lorenz from Washington,
D. C, connected with the Postoffice Claims
Department, is making the Ramona his head
quarters here.
Dr. William Martin, surgeon United States
navy, retired, has returned to San Francisco
from a prolonged visit to New York, Washing
ton, Boston, Atlanta and New Orleans.
Among the late arrivals at the Russ are sev.
erai members of the railroad grievance com
mittee. In the party are J. C. Stout of Hous
ton, Tex., D. Frell of Duusmuir, C. Crane of Port
Costa, E. E. Moulton and W. T. Cristy of New
Orleans, La.
Alfred V. La Mott of Glen Ellen arrived at
the Grand last night with tanks containing
115,000 small trout, with which he will further
stock Blue Lakes, having already recently put
in 300,000 young fish. It is his purpose to
make the Blue Lakes a second Tahoe for trout.
Townsend's famous broken candy, 2 lbs. 25c"
• — ♦ —
Special information daily to manufacture*.
business houses and public men by tne Presi
Clipping .bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
• — ♦ »
Friend — did you find the most difficult
thing when you wrote your first verses?
— To find some one who would let me
read them to him.— Fliegende Blaetter.
College Tarty.
A party of college people and their friends will
leave for Chicago and various Eastern universities
on next Tuesday evening, the 15th of September.
They have chartered a special Northern Pacific
tourist car, upholstered in leather, and no objec
tionable person will be admitted. For really first
class accommodations at second-class ratps, this Is
the finest excursion of the year. Reservations are
now being made, but a few more will be admitted.
For full information apply to T. K. 6tateler, gen
eral agent Northern Pacilic Railway, 638 Market
street, Sac Francisco.
Are Tou Going East?
The Atlantic and Pacific Itailroad— Santa F«
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alkali dust. Particularly adapted for tbe trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hoar and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. San
Francisco Ticket office. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Slain 1681. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
* — * — •
"Mrg. Winglow's Soothing Srrnn"
Has been used over SO years by millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect s;i>
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gams, allay 1
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels an!
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas whether arUtn{
from teething or other cause* For sale by Dra
gists In every pare of the world. Be sure and ai£
tor Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup. *Ac • uwlj.
- c t
Cobontaix).— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. «•»
and mild, being entirely free from the mists coat-
Dion further north. .Round-trip ticket?, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board ac the iloceUJl
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 50 percU/, Ap,«/
*JNfcw Montgomery st., KanKraicisco.
« » »
WirEN- your food has no relish the stomach
needs to be cleansed and strengthened by a dose
or two of Ayer*s Pills.
"Was that a successful elopement of Willie
Elmore's and Maude Biggie's?"
/"I think so. Her father wired them not to
come back and he'd forgive them."— Buffalo
Times. ■!,."'
raw to-pat:
extra liMii
presents lanpsTl
REAL GEMS! bbto Ssi
Fancy Chinaware, Glassware, Cups,
Saucers and Plates, Vases, Orna-
ments and Dishes of every descrip-
tion.
ONE gp\ rm ct
each 25 Purchase
TEAS— COFFEES— SPICES I
Quality ' Best Guaranteed.
AAlJinffc ' CUSTOMERS
SNAPS '- c&? m
Great Americanlmßortißs Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 21$ Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore si.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st*
531 Montgomery ami. 10.1 Second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st,
5a Market St. (Headquarters). S. P.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
131 San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.
Too bad so much money
is wasted on "cheap" fur-
niture — and good furni-
ture ■■•c'idfe's only a little
more. *
But people are waking
up. One lot of "cheap"
furniture generally settles
it.
California Furniture Company
(N. V. Cole & Co.)
117 Geary Street.MONDAY >.. .BKPTKMBER 14, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Ba.utwt!c Ttikatf.r.— "Madame Sans Gene."
Califohkia THKAiKa.-"On the Bowery."
Columbia Tbkatkb-"A Matrimonial Maze."
ik'oKONco's oiv.nA-lionsK— -The Danger Signal"
Tivoi.i Ophra-Housk.— "Hansel and GreteL''
OKrHKDic- High-Class VaiidevlUß.
aicazar Theatib.- "Ours."
t-fTRo Baths— Bathing and performances.
fcaooT the Chutks— Dally «t Haiga* street,
Cue block cast of the Park.
Mkchanics' Institute Pa vimon— Twenty-
ninth Industrial Kxposltion.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
"Fair Monday"— Local Forecast Official A. G.
McAdie.
The old lodge at Golden Gate Park has been
sold and will be removed.
There will be a grand Republican rally at
the Haight-street grounds next Thursday
night.
The bark Emma F. Ilerriman arrived yester
day from Bering S-.'a with, a cargo of 110,000
codfish.
The handbsll courts were crowded yesterday
»nd a number of close and exciting games
were played.
It is not likely that Corbett will be seen in a
fieh t in this State with either Tom Sharkey or
Bob Fitzsimmons.
Queena de Rein, a soubretie yet in her teens,
made her first appearance at the Chutes yes
terday and made a hit.
The foot batteries of the Fifth Artillery are
now engaged in target practice, using the
Krag-Jorgensen army rifle.
The Empire and Olympic Gun clubs held
their final shoots for the season at Alameda
Point yesterday afternoon.
Dr. Cyrus R. Teed lectured at Foresters' Hall
yesterday upon the Koreshau Unity, the new
sect which he has founded.
The park museum will be closed to-day and
remain closed for two or three weeks for the
purpose of making alterations.
American Bakers' Union No. 51 has declared
a boycott against Daly <i Davitt, proprietors of
the Ne/w England Home Bakeries.,
At yesterday's session of the State Spiritual
ists' Association President Thomas and Rev.
H. P. Haworth were the lecturers.
Dr. Cyrus R. Teed, the founder of the Kore
feh&n Unity, lectured to a small audience yes
terday afternoon at Foresters' Hall.
The Imperials beat the San Franciscos at tne
Folsom-street baseball grounds yesterday in a
ton-inning game by a score ol 7 to 6.
The British ships Ditton and Cedarbank,
•which sailed for England last Saturday, will
race home, the result of a wager between their
•kippers.
The cup cricket match played yesterday be
tween tne Pacifies and California^ at Golden
Gate resulted in a victory lor the former by
189 ruus.
C. Dominico, a Harbor View crab fisherman,
insists that on last Friday evening he saw a
small sailing vessel drifting bottom-up outside
the heads.
Natives of Switzerland enjoyed a day's
muting at Harbor View, celebrating the six
hundred and filth anniversary oi the founding
of their republic.
At Native Sons' Hall yesterday Mrs. Cooper
addressed a large Bible class, her text being:
11 Samuel, :;xii: 40-51. There were many vis
itors from ilic EHst present.
Alice Edith Dickason Blyine, the alleged
contract wife of the deceased millionaire
Thomas Blythe. was arrested yesterday alter
soon ou a charge of vagrancy.
The gold Democrats are organizing to do
hard campaigning-, a local Republican club is
converting many Democrats and the Republi
cans iv general arc- encouraged.
"Rome's Demoralizing Influence on Indi
vidual Life" was the subject of W. T. Fleenor's
address at the Good Citizenship meeting, Met
ropolitan Temple, yesterday afternoon.
At the meeting of the Academy of Sciences
to-night Dr. Basnfora, Dean of Columbia Col
lege, New York, will lecture on "Oyster Cul
ture in Europe," illustrated with lantern
slides.
The Fire Underwriters are progressing with
their negotiations to iorm a new compact and
it is predicted that the agreement will be rati
lied this week by ail the foreign and local
corporations., „..,. • \
J. Arnott, who resides at 1007 Church street.
announces that he is possessed of the secret of
'.UOO buried treasure in Mexico, an in
.ll which secret he will part with for a
consideration.
Wilton Lackaye, who Has beeu filling a three
weeks' engagement at the Columbia, will leave
to-day for New York, where he will immedi
ately commence the rehearsal of his new play,
•Dr. Belgrafi."
The residence of L. C. Burton. 1426>£ Jack
son street, was entered by two burglars yester
day afternoon, and after a chase of several
blocks one of tnera was captured and taken to
the City Prison.
At the Third Congregational Church las
night Rev. Mr. Rader preached on the current
Teilgious controversy between Cutholics and
Protestants. He pleaded for a broader in
terpretation of the truth.
Reports made by brigade and regimental
rifle Inspectors to Major-General James, divis
ion commander of the National Guard, indi
cate that the ammunition supplied to the
State is of very poor quality.
Baron Hermann, an attache of the German
legation at Washington, is at the Palace Hotel,
in the course of a tour oi the States making a
special study ior his Government oi the forest
and agricultural industries of this country.
Rev. Dr. Birch, speaking at the Howard I
Methodist Church yesterday, stated that, as
the result of inquiries made personally, he
found that more girls attended Sunday school
than boys, and that the latter perished in far
larger proportion than girls.
The ball game at Bay and Stocktou streets
yesterday between the Strauss & Strauss and
the Magnolias was won by the former by a
score of 17 to 1. The features of the game
were the heavy stick work of the victors and
the battery work of Reed and Samuels.
Puerta del Oro Chapter, Daughters of the
Revolution, desires a public recognition of the
19th inst. and asks the press to publish Wash
ington's farewell address before that date. A
resolution to that effect has been passed by
the order.
The Board of Supervisors will bold a special
session to-day to see what can be done relative
to the recent action of the Btate Board of
Equalization in increasing; the assessment of
this City and County $30,0000.,000 for the en
suing year.
Dr. Thomas Fiaschi of Sydney, Australia,
where for twenty years he has been a prom
inent surgeon, arrived here last night, home
ward bound from Abyssinia, Africa, whither
he hastened at once last March after the news
of the great slaughter of his countrymen, the
Italians, by the Abyssinians.
A large force of carpenters were busy yester
day at the Pavilion, making the necessary ur- I
rangements and alterations for the big carni- !
val of sport to be ht'ld there to-night under
the auspices oi the Olympic Club. Tnere will be
tumbling, sprinting, jumping, horizontal bars,
flying trapeze, ground and lofty tumbling,
fe&U of strength, trick and fancy boxing.
Mike Sweeney was not taken in at the Re
ceiving Hospital because there was no room
left for a patient suffering from delirium
tremens. Chief Crowley hays that fcweeney
could not be received at the prison as there |
was no charge against him. In the City and
County Hospital Sweeney retta in a ward with
other patients, and the doctors say he was not
delirious.
sew TO-DAY.
COVERED
WITH
HUMOR
When I was thirteen years old I began to have
•ore eyes and ears, ana from my ears a humor
spread. I doctored with five different skilful
doctorp, but they did me no good. My disease
was Eczema. By this timo it had gone all over
my bead, face, and body. Nobody thought I
would live, and would not have but for Ccticcbjl
Remedies. I used four boxes of Ccticuiu,
five cakes of Cuticdba Soap, and three bottles
of CtmcußA Resolvent. My hair all came out
at that time, but now it is so thick I can hardly
comb it. I am sixteen years old, weigh 130
pounds, and am perfectly welL
Mies IRZAIi GRAA DEL, Clayton, N. T.
Bpbkdt Cp»b Tbsatmbkt. — Warm b«thi with Co-
Tt(-tiKA Soap, eentle application! of Ccticitba (oint-
ment), and dot** of Ccticcxa KxsoLrrsT.rrrateit
of humor core*. '■.-#-,
Sold throughout the world. Price, CimcFRA, y>e.;
Soap, 2Se.; RxsoLrtvT. 60c. and (1. . Potter Duoa
akd Cam, Corp., Sole Prop*., Barton.
Mr •■ Uow to Cure Erery Skin Humor," mailed fret.
THEY CAME, SAW
AND CONQUERED
X, R. B. R. Picnic Attracts
Crowds to Shell
Mound.
ITS GENEROUS OBJECT.
Proceeds Will Be Devoted to the
Relief of Irish Pris
oners.
CLUBS AT ALAMEDA POINT,
Completion of the Season's Shooting.
Blue Rocks Fall by Scores.
List of Events.
Over two thousand people attended the
fourth annual picnic of the Knights of the
Ked Branch Rifles yesterday at Shell
Mound Park.
The picnic was given toward helping
the Irish 'political prisoners lately released
by the English. Judging by the large at
tendance a very fair sum will be forth
coming to swell the fund contributed by
patriotic organizations.
At 11 o'clock the Rifles marched into
the grounds preceded by a drum and life
corps playing patriotic selections. They
made a soldierly appearance in their neat
fitting blue uniforms. A round of ap
plause greeted them as they marched past.
In all that goes to make up an enjoyable
outing this picnic of the knights was a
grand success. A merry crowd of dancers
thronged the pavilion and tripped the
light fantastic to the tuneful airs of
Blanchard's orchestra. All adjourned at
1:30 to the athletic grounds to witness the
games and contests.
There wns much interest shown in these
events, and as each victor passed tne win
ning line he or she was greeted by a gen
erous burst of applause. The events con
tested were as follows:
Throwine heavy weight — First prize, M.
O'Dowd, 26 feet 10 inches; second, Edwin
Noonen, 25 feet.
Throwing light weight— First prize, M.
Lynch, 52 feet; second, John Mascol, 51% feet.
"Running long jump— First, G. Burke, 18 feet
2 inches; second, H. J. Deitrich. 17 feet t>
inches.
Running hop. step and jump — First, G.
Burke, 39 feet 9 inches; second, Frank Ring,
37 feet 9 inches.
Girl 6 under 12 years of age— First, Evelina
Mohr; second, Alice O'N'eil.
Boys under 12 years— First, Tommy Coburn;
second. Joe Pieruccini.
Girls under 16 years— First, Eva Mohr; sec
ond Flora Cummings.
Boys under 1G years— First, Charles Gross;
second, E. Murphy.
Yjung ladies' race— First, Mamie Malloy;
second, Nellie Malloy.
Married men's race— First, J. R. Kelley; sec
ond, T. Morgan.
Married ladies' race— First, Mrs. W. H. Pen
nie; second, Mrs. W. Ranke.
Professional race, three times around— First.
G. Burke; second, Arlde Johnson; third, H. J.
Deitrich.
Young men's race, twice around— First, L.
Ranke; second, A. Hanley.
Members' race — First, Fred Palmer; second,
M. O'Dowa.
Fat Ladies' race— First, Mrs. Lizzie Daughty;
second, Mrs. Carney.
Fat men's race— First, Jerry O'Dowd; second.
H. Palmer.
Obstruction race— First, H. J. Deitrich;
second, G. Bourke.
Bicycle race— First, M. F. King; P. Moran
and J. R. Kelley did uot finish on account of
collision.
Sack race— First, L. Hazelbacher; second, H.
J. Deitrich.
Hurdle race— Fir6t, G. Bourke ; Eecond, Frank
Rintr.
The tug-of-war between a team from the
Spring Valley Water Company and members of
the K. R. B. was won by the latter in three
minutes.
The following are a few of the valuable
gate-wrizes distributed to those who held
the lucky numbers: $20, parasol valued at
$5, five-pound box tea, one case weiss beer,
"Weeklt Call for one year, one dozen
champagne cider, etc.
The success of the picnic is due to the
following members:
Committee of arrangements — Lieutenant
Casey (chairman), Lieutenant Mannix, Ser
jeants Smith, Russell and Murphy, Privates
Palmer, O'Dowd, Jordan and Kelly."
Reception committee— Captain J. Sheehy,
Sergeant M.Gaul, Privates J. O'Neill, J. Mel
lon, W. Hannon, R. Corbett, T. Desmond.
Committee ou games— Lieutenant M. Casey
(chairman), J. J. Kogerson, J. O'Dowd, If. X
Jordan, M. Mannix, 7, R. Kelly.
Floor manager, Fred Palmer.
Floor committee— J. Smith, T. P. Crowlev, J.
Loughrey, P. McGlinchey, E. Rahill, J. Camp
bel!, J. Green, P. Rush.
The nappy crowd left the grounds at
6:30 p. M., regretting that they had to leave
and vowing that the K. B. B. s picnic was
the crowning success of the season.
AT ALAMEDA POINT.
Empire and Olympic Cun Clubs
Hold Their Final Shoots.
The immediate neighborhood of Ala
meda Point was made noisy yesterday
afternoon by the familiar and incisive
snap of shotguns, still further supple
mented by the rhythmical cry of the
scorer as the bluerocks bit the dust. Both
the Empire and the Olympic gun clubs
were earnestly engaged in bringing to a
suitable conclusion an interesting series
of shoots which commenced in March
last. The last-named club made use of
the Lincoln Gun Club's inclosure, wnile
the members of the former blazed away
merrily on their own grounds close by.
The "Empire Gun Club's final rally for
the season was in every one of sucn par
ticulars as are regarded as important by
those who disintegrate eunpowder a com
plete success. There was a large attend
ance of members and friends.
The great event of the day was the final
club shoot — tweAty-five birds per man — as
the result of which the sum of $150 was
distributed among five classes of com
petitors. Alter this, two improvised
teams shot for precedence and money
prize?, and the balance of the afternoon
was devoted to practice shooting.
The winner of the first money in the
first class of the club shoot was William
Stewart, who scored 22, Billington being
second with 21. Following are the com
plete scores:
First class, for $50— Stewart, 22, first money ;
Billington, 21, second money; Mendenhall, 19;
Leeds, 18; Debenhatn, 17.
Second class, for $40— Judd, 20; King, 20,
divided first money; Sears, 19; Leheke, 19;
Fischer, 19, divided second money.
Third clasp, for s3o— Newton 20, first money;
Quinion 19. second money; Andrus 18, An
derson 10, YounK 10.
Tonrth class, for $20— Kerrison 20, first
money; Vandall 18 and jßvete 18, second
money; Trilby 16, Goodwin 12.
Fifth class, ior SlO-C. Fisher 20, first
money: Grubb 16 (withdrew in favor of Paul);
Paul 15, second money; Eisfelt 11, Colt 6.
The following extra men scored: Johns 20
Dubrough 11, Olsen 19, Neustadter 8, Palmer
14, Friedlander 13.
The team shoot resulted as under, the
first being the winning team:
Kintt 17, Seayens 19, Stewart 18, Vandall 21
Judd 16. O. Fischer 20, Young 18, Proctor 21
Olsen 18, Javete 17. Grubb 14, Roberuou 17
Neustadter 4; total, 220.
Mendenhall 19, Billington 22, C. Fischer 17,
Kerrigan 12,Andrus 17,Debenham 16, Newton
15, Phlmer 14, Eustace 16, Trilby 12, Fried
lander 12, Baliam 13, How 22: total, 207.
The Empire Gun Club shoots every sec
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
ond and fourth Sunday of every month
throughout the target - snooting season,
which opens in March and closes in Sep
tember. It is in ail respects a flourishing
organization, perfectly equipped for those
objects suggested by its title. It has a
fine clubhouse in the Sonoma marshes,
specially designed for the winter duck
sDootiug. Its members are many and en
thusi&stic, among thorn being some of the
best shots in the State. To quote the
words of one of the most prominent sub
scribers: "We run the club on an inex
pensive, broad-gauge plan for the benefit
soleJy of our members."
On the 20th inst. the Empire Gun Club
will shoot against the Garden City Gun
Club of San Jose, and will also enter
teams for the Inanimate Target Associa
tion's competition on the 4th and sth of
October. The president of the Empire
Club is M. F. Stewart and its board of
directors is composed of the following:
Messrs. Prinze, Debenhain, Billington,
Quinton and Andrus.
The Olympic Gun Club's final shoot at
tracted almost every member of that or
ganization, and tnere was a very generous
consumption of ammunition before the
competitors ceased firing for the day and
the season. The series began on March 8
and comprised six shoots in all. H. H.
"White was declared the winner of tiie
first-class medal for the highest ae^regate
season's score, and Howard Vernon was
awarded tne second-class medal.
A 100-bird Handicap race resulted as fol
lows: First money, C. C. McMahon; sec
ond, H. H. White; third, F. Vernon;
fourth, H. C. Golcher.
A 15-bird race elicited the following suc
cessful marksmen : F. Vernon, 14, and <J.
Haight, 14, divided first money; O. Feud
ner, 13, Golcher, 13. .and F. Feudner, 13,
second money; Webb, 12, third money.
The Golden Gate Gun Club's monthly
shoot will be held at the grounds of the
Pacific Tournament Association on Sun
day, September 20, to be followed on
Sunday, September 27, by the same club's
first grand tournament of the season. The
programme of the latter will include:
Ladies' event, four prizes; boys' event, 18
years and under, for 6ilver medal; novice
medal to be contested over again, the
medal at present being held by Honry
Betten; prize event for over twenty-nve
prizes. Entrance $1. twenty Hingles.
AMONG WOUNDED ITALIANS.
Dr. Fiaachi of Australia Return* From
the Kattlfifield* of Abyiisinia.
Dr. Thomas Fiaschi, an Italian, for the
last twenty years a surgeon in Sydney,
Australia, honorary captain-surgeon of
the New South Wales Cavalry, and late
honorary surgeon of the Sydney Hospital,
arrived in this City iust night on his way
home from Abyssinia, Africa, whither he
hastened last March to give his aid to the
wounded and mutilated after the whole-
Kale slaughter of the Italian army by
King Menelek and his Abyssinian horde.
in two weeks' time shortly after ins ar
rival Dr. Fiaschi personally performed 140
amputations upon black soldiers. NordiJ
ne leave Abyssinia and ihe hospitals until
recenily when General Baldisser.i assured
him that he did not think his services
would be further required. He then
visited briefly in Italy and England before
coming directly through to this port from
which he purposes to sail on the Alarueila
for Australia. When he left Abyssinia all
was quiet, with no signs of further war
fare.
A PATRIOTIC APPEAL
For (he Kopubllcation of Washington's
Farewell Address.
The following communication has been
received from the executive committee of
the Puerta del Oro Chapter, Daughters of
the Revolution :
Editor Morning Call— Dear Bik: In accord
ance with the resolution approved by the Na
tional board of management of the Society of
the Daughters of the American Revolution,
Puerta del Oro Chapter of San Franciscowould
ask that you will publish in your paper beiore
the 19th of September the farewell address of
Washington to the people of the United Btates,
issued September 19, 1706, this year being the
centenary of the event. The resolution is as
follows :
Resolved, That this day be marked by a univer
sal display of tbe flag on all public and private
buildings; that the Importance of remembering
t his day be placed before all patriotic organiza
tions, presidents of colleges, superintendent of
public scboo.s. all Institutes of learning, boards of
vrade and civil authorities; that toe public press
be appealed to to republiah this, "Washl ngiou's
legacy," to the end that it may reach the borne
oi every citizen.
Elizabeth Brvant Johnston, historian-general;
Marie K. Uibbons, regent Puerta del Oro Chan
ter, D. A. R. ; Anna \V'. Beaver, corresponding sec
retary Puerta del Oro Chapter, D. A. K.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Butter street.
Telephone Main 19. Keep your check! for us.*
PICNICKED UNDER
THE WHITE CROSS
Six Hundred and Fifth An
niversary of the Birth
of the Republic.
FROM GARIBALDI HALL.
A Procession of Many Hundreds
Marches Out to Harbor
View.
INDULGE IN THE TOMBOLA.
A Bsautiful Day Made Merry by
Good-Fellowship, Races, Games
and Dancing.
The Swiss colony of this City was out in
force yesterday to celebrate the six hun
dred and fifth anniversary of the founding
of the Helvetian Republic. The festivi-
Scenes at the 605 th Anniversary Picnic of the Founding of the Swiss
Republic Celebrated at Harbor View Yesterday.
ties began with an assemblage of patriots
at Garibaldi Hall, on Broadway, at 10
o'clock in the morning, when some 1500
men formed in procession and marched
down Montgomery avenue to Montgomery
street, California, Kearny, Broadway,
Stockton, Green, Dupont and Union as
far as Powell, where twelve extra cars had
been provided to convey the crowd to Har
bor View Park.
The outing was the first picnic of the
newly organized Helvetia Society, and was
.i perfect success in every respect. Further
than the procession there was no set pro
gramme followed out. Consul Antoine
Borel was the honored guest of theuay,
bringing together In one group the Swiss-
Italians, French-Swiss and the German-
Swiss to make merry.
Roger's band furnished the music for
the dancing, and Maoert's pretty words,
Belle Helvetic. charmanl sojours.
A tot ma vie, mc-s derulers jours—
■\Vere sung on all sides by the Tyrolese
with red turbans and the flaxen-Laired
lasses of the Alps.
Everywhere was displayed the white
cross of the home country, peeping out
between the stars and stripes of the pic
nickers' adopted home.
The usual Sunday picnic crowd, which
is inclined to roughness, but which is
well meaning enough, was not present,
and the day was spent enjoyably.
Games and races of all kinds were
held. They were got up in an im
promptu way, the fat women, in their
race ? rising from their al fresco lunch and
joining in the thirty-yard run without
previous training, and suffering afterward
in consequence.
The sack-race, open to all comers,
started off well but was not finished owing
to the fact that but one contestant man
aged to cover more than a third of the
100-yard track. The race was declared off,
to be run at a later date.
The winners at the tombola, or dice
shaking for prizes, will be notified later of
the winnings they have made.
All in all the day was spent in fun and
dancing and was a merry and brilliant in
auguration of the new Helvetian society.
ALMA DESERTS A BABY.
Dr. Marten's Victim Compelled to' Aba
ndon Her Child to Strangers.
The youngest patient in the City and
County Hospital is an abandoned child of
5 months — a sickly, withered little thing
that nobody wanted — the son of Alma
Josslyn, who recently figured in pnbiic in
connection with notorious cases.
This poor little sufferer has been named
Lawrence Josslyn, and was thus given the
mother's name. The father is Dr. Mar
ten, the man who claimed to have a
strange power ov«r Alma, whom he
threatened to kill. He is now serving a
sentence of six months in the branch
County Jail for bis threatening language
toward the woman.
The history of Miss Josslyn's connec
tion with Dr. Marttn came out in her con
fession made last June when she believed
j she was r.bout to die. In April she gave
I birth to the child and fell into a sicKness
which grew worse by stages until in JuDe
her physician and friends believed she
was dying. During the illness she told the
story of her alleged cruel treatment
and indignities at the hand of Dr. Marten,
and friends induced her to make a public
confession. According to her own words Dr.
Marten held complete sway over her will,
which influence she could not explain even
to her own satisfaction. But when away
from him she regained her mental power.
Then she related how the doctor used to
make her live in back rooms, behind
bolted doors, in fact, to keep her a prisoner
on a cold diet, as weJOas heaping indig-
nities upon her.
The doctor heard of her threatened con
fession, and swore he would kill her. For
thi« he was arrested and sentenced early
in July.
Alma Josslyn was then living in rooms
on Mission street, near Tenth, and until a
few weeks ago has been confined to her
bed there. A week since her mother
[ moved her to another house with the older
I child, a baby of 18 months, and the off-
I spring of Dr. Marten. They Jeft little
! Lawrence uith the landlady, for neither
mother nor grandmother wanted him.
Nobody would have him, for tne child
whs aillicted with a constitutional disease
taken from the mother. The landlady
could not have the baby accepted in the
Children's Hospital or in tbe Sisters' Or
phan Asylum because of its affliction. As
a last resort she took it to the City and
County Hospital, where it was taken in
and kindly treated.
"Is tbe child dead?" asked the landlady
last night. "It cannot live long; it was
deceased, and I could not keep it here."
Aima's family will move her this week
to Her home in Santa Cruz County to die.
Her physician says she cannot live much
longer.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
t
li'milt y^T //#. , " is «
DAD WAY'S
n PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Com-
plete digestion and absorption of the food, causj
a healthy action of the Liver and rendertha Boweii
natural in their operat on without griping
NEWS ON THE
WATER FRONT
A Derelict Drifting at the
Mouth of the
Harbor.
SEEN BY A CRAB-FISHER
The British Ships Ditton and
Cedarbank are Now Racing
Home,
AND THEIB SKIPPERS ARE MAD
Arrival of the Bark Emma F. Herri
man From the North With a
Big Cod C*tch.
As yet no one has appeared to claim the
derelict which C. Dominico, a crab-fisher,
says he saw last Friday evening about 5
o'clock. According to his statement he
and a comrade were returning from the
fishing-grounds when he sighted a vessel
floating on her beamends about a half
mile west of Point Bonita. Thirty or forty
feet of her bilge wa-a above the water and
they could see that her hull was newly
painted white and that her bottom had a
fresh coating of copper paint. She was
evidently a yacht, or at least a craft built
on graceful lines.
Dominico also states that the vessel had
some of her sail set, as he could see the
main gaff sticking above tbe water, and
to the spar was attached the canvas. It
swung solemnly to the motion of the
waves.
The fishermen did not dare approach
nearer than a hundred feet of the drifting
wreck, as the water was quite rough, and
their little boat was loaded down almost
to the gunwals.
Dominico did not report his discovery to
the Merchants' Exchange, bnt talked of it
to his countrymen and fellow fishermen
upon coming ashore. He was informed
yesterday evening that several tugs had
passed over tbe locality where he had seen
the wreck, and although they had kept a
sharp lookout nothing was seen. Not
withstanding their failure to find her he
still iusistsuhat he is not mistaken and
believes that tbe capsized craft drifted
away out to sea or has gone ashore.
Saturday the ships Ditton and Cedar
bank pulled out for a long run for <- Mer
rie England." It will be a "merrie run,"
too, for the two skippers intend to drive
their respective vessels over the two
oceans. Captain Stepp of the Ditton and
Moody of the Cedarbank had a bit of talk
a few days ago, and when two such oid
sea-dogs get together on the eve of the
sailing of their ships there are more or
less hard things said. Stepp, who has
been a commander for thirty years, heard
Moody say that the Ditton was slow. He
retaliated by imparting the choice infor
mation that the Cedarbank was an old
wagon.
Then they waxed warm, snd each 9wore
that he would land his cargo of wheat
first or start every bolt in his hull. The
two captains shook their horny lists at
each other and went aboard to get up
anchor. So there will be a straining of
sheets ana braces till the home harbor is
reached.
The bark Emma F. Herriman, Captain
McPhie, arrived from Berina Sea yester
day with a cargo of 110.000 codfish.
BROADER BASIS NEEDED.
Rev. William Rader Preaches Upon
the Current Religiou* Contro
versy.
In bis remarks from tbe pulpit last night
Rev. William Rader of the Third Congre
gational Church addressed himself to the
current religious controversy.
"I spenk noon this theme," said he,
"with the freedom to express an entirely
independent opinion upon the merits and
methods of a controversy which has waged
so fiercely for co many months." The
speaker then proceeded to define the terms
Cafholicisn, Romanism and Protestant
ism, and continued by saying: "The is
sue between Romanism and Protestantism
may be summed up as follows: The pub
lic school problem, the authority of tne
Papacy and Komanism as a politico
religious, National nightmare. Tne
public schools and the Pope is a
real issue. How does it stand ? The
Bible has been practically removed from
the schools, but the system remains and
the flag is still over it. The Little Red
Schoolhouse is the rock upon which the
hierarchy has split. Archbishop Ireland,
Father McGlynn and Satolli, the Pope's
echo, are on the American side.' 1
The speaker declared that American in
stitutions were founded upon a Protestant
foundation and referred to Washington
as the Martin Luther of the state. Any
The best possible terms
for anything new to you are:
Get of your grocer a pack-
age of Schilling s Best tea.
He pays you your money
back if you don't like it.
A Schilling; & Company
San Francisco 879
' NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILIOX, LABKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
Monday, September Olympic Club Gymna-
sium Kxhlbilion. 9 p. if. m^Oiu.Vy^^ Vfitt
• Tuesday, Si'Dtember 15— Charter Debate; Jan-
anese Night: Union Iron Works. ■. • ..
Wednesday, September 16 — Anniversary Mex-
ican Independence: Mandolin Clubs. ■--
■ Thursdar, September 17— Ireland's Might. ;
Friday. September 18— Oakland Night; Kellance
Glee ( liib
Saturday, September 19— Berkeley Night; Uni-
versity of California; Firemen's Night. .
TOTHG FOR THE-FIVE BEST EXHIBITS
September 11 to October 1.
Prizes— Five Sterling; Silver Trophies.
Admission 25c, Children 15c. —^—
• OPKS DA\ ASP EVENING.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
Open Dally from 1 to 11 F. M.
EVHfIIY EVENING AT 10 O'CLOCK.
ANTONIO PIRRI
Will COAST THK CHUTES and Land in the
Lake on a Safety Bicycle. .
A GREAT BILL, IN THE CASINO !
QUKKNA DE REIN, from Koster & Bials.
■ BELLR KIRBV. Queen of Sword Walkers.
■■«- The ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS.
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage. : -
- And a Host of Attractions.
ADMISSION— -1O CENTS. -.
i Children, including M.erry-Go-.Round tilde, 6 cents.
»EW to-pat:
if Naked Pills f
]i) are fit only, for naked say- »
<[} ages. Clothes are the marks ?!
]') of civilization — in pills as well a
% as people. A good coat does $>
( I not make a good pill, any more ) !
( '> than good clothes make a good <!
{ i man. But as sure as you'd %
5, look on a clothesless man as a ']! -
,j> mad one, you may look on a <[
{ i coatless pill as a bad one. $'
(? After fifty years of test no <t\
1 ) pills stand higher than . . <j |
>' AVER'S ||
! Cathartic Pills |
) SUOAR COATED. (7
sect desirous of possessing a separate
school system should be permitted com
plete liberty provided it paid its own bills.
Papacy he held to be at war with democ
racy, and described the battle now being
waged as one between the principles of
loyaiism and democracy, the reign of the
Pope and the rule of the people.
He continued: "I have no fear of the
result. When Archbishop Kiordan and
Father Yorke try to prove the progressive
spirit oi the Catholic church, they simply
follow Archbishop Ireland and other
liberals in the direction of Americanism.
The Pope has learned that some priests on
this side of the Atlantic are willing to re
ceive religion but not politics from Rome.
It is a (?ood sign."
Soeaking of other aspects of the con
troversy, he said the people were heartily
tired of the subject, and incidentally be
severely _ condemned the excessive use of
personalities, which bad hitherto entered
so largely into the discussion. He pleaded
for a broader interpretation of the truth,
and pointed out that priest and preacher
have much in common theologically, ac
cepting as they do the same creed, tha
same Father, Son and Spirit.
NEW TO-LAY- AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
Baldwin list week
OF THE ENGLISH. VERSION
Of Sardou'B Great Napoleonic Play,
MADAME SANS GENE"
(MADADE DON'T CARE),
WITH KATHRYN KIDDKK IN
THE TITI.K BOLE.
The Most Brilliant Success Ever
Achieved on the * aoitic Coast,
Last Presentation "Will Occur
Next Saturday Evening Sept. 19.
Monday, September 21
Theater Closed for Two Weeks.
Monday, October 5
"THE PRISONER OF ZEXDA."
CALIFORNIA 1,,,^W
liAST PERFORMANCES!
A GREAT HIT SCORED
By the Comic Success,
"ON THE BOWERY!"
WITH
STEVE J&RODIE
see the FUNNY bowery
SCENES AND SPECIALTIES.
CALIFORNIA POPULAR PRICES.
j Evenings— '_'sc to $1. Matinees— 2sc. 50c and 75c
. _
TROLAnOIiI<rQTTIOD« c?- u»E5AnDriAnMUtt---
-: IF IX THESE HARD AND THY- :
: ING TIMES YOIj WAST TO :
; DRIVE AW* Y THii •
BLUES,
THEN COME TO-NIGHT,
See That Excruciatingly Funny Comedy,
AJIf RIMOMAL MAZE!
BY THK
FBAIvIiEY~COMPAN V !
In Preparation— "lX SPITE OF ALL."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Juua. iLii.s jLbiiA-K Ksaisii, Proprietor & Jiaa^j;
Tli© Qrand Opera Season
— tzzis Exnsia-iKrca- —
Humperdinck's Fairy Opera. In Three Aces,
HANSEL AND GRETEL!
A story dear to the hearts of both young and old.
The poetry of melody divinely illustrated by
A STMPHOIY ORCHESTRA OF THIRTY.
Great Cast.
Beautiful Scenery.
Characteristic Costumes.
Brilliant Light Effects.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTKP.-MOIIOSCO, Sola lessee anJ Haaazu
The .Railroad Comedy Drama, '
"THE DANGER SIGNAL"
By Henry C. de Mill<\ author of "The Wife," "The
Charity Ball," "Men and Women," and
other Lyceum The iter successes.
A Play of Enthralling Interest.
Wonderful .Mechanical and Scenic Effects — A
Cannon - Kail Kxures* Train — Giant
Rotary snow Plow.
FOURTH SUCCESSFUL WEEK OF
LOTTIE WILLIAMS — ED J. HERON
In New Songs and Specialties.
Evening Prices— 10c. 25c and SOo.
ALCAZAR.
6'FarrHl Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Bk.lasco, Doanic &. Jobdan*. Lessee! & Managers.
A WEEK OF DELIGHTFUL FUNS
FIRST TIME TO-NIGHT,
Robertson's Great Military Comedy,
"OURS !"
'* . By the Alcazar Stock Company.
See the Parade, the Horses,
- the Soldiers,' and Hear the
Full Military Band !
Evening Prices— lsc, 25c, 35c and 50c.
TELEPHONE BLACK 991.
t&" Secure Your Seats in Advance.
O'Farrelt street, between Stockton ana PowsU.'
• Week Commencing Monday, Sept. 14.
Note th«- Now Celebrities! '
Most Dartntr Hlen-Wlre Performer in the World.
LEW HAWKINS !
I^LIjEI. a XjfcdLA. !
< Bellman and Moore. Filsoti and Krrnli, Vassar
Quartet, Marguerite Fercuson, Terry and Elmer,
Ferguson ami Mac» an I others. . -
Reserved s»'a.s. 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera-chairs
and box-seats, 50c Get your seats in advance
SUTRO BATHS.
'- : ■■ ■..-,.
Open Dally from 7 a. m. Until 11 p. v.
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening
. Ceuetal Admission— Adult* 10c, Children 5c
78
FRATERNAL BONDS
Ordes of the Kastern Star.
Oakleaf Chapter had an initiation last week,
and at the close of the meeting there was a
presentation of a very handsome set of china
for the use of the chapter, the set consisting of
several hundred pieces, each having palmed
upon it the star of the order and a garland of
oak leaves. The presentation was by Past
Patron Harrison David Rowe, who stated that
the donors were Worthy Grand Patron James
Bestor Merritt and his wife, Catherine Eliza
beth Merirtt, past worthy matron of Oakleaf
Chapter. The handsome gift was received by
the worthy matron, Mrs. I'unbar, who after ex
pressing her appreciation of the dona ion, culled
for a rising vote of thanks, which was given-
After that a collation was served to abo ut 160 per
sons. During the evening short addresses were
made and the worthy grand patron gave those
present a very fatherly lal*.
Golden Gate Chapter will have an initiation on
Thursday evening next.
Harmony Chapter will give a grabbag party on
the '_'(! of October.
The arrangement! have been completed for the
prand excursion during the session of the next
Grand Chapter. The excursionists will leave
on Saturday morning for. Palo Alto, visit
the university, then go to Del Mone;
on Sunday be taken over the 17-mile
drive and to all points of interest Id Monterey;
then leave Monday for Santa Cruz: stop on the
return trip at the i elton big trees, and return to
San Fruncisco at 6 :S0 in the afternoon. The trip,
Including all expenses, will cost $12 50 for each
person.
Among the visitor* to the office of the grand sec
retary during the past week were Mrs. M. E. Par
tridge, i ast grand matron: Mrs. S. Isabelle Hub
bird ana Mrs. Mary M IXoltz. past grand treas
urers: Th<>m»s Flint, past grand patron: C. E.
Dulschee of Miramonte Chapter, Mountain View:
Mrs. K. F. (..rimes of RnUlna Chapter of Fresno,
Mrs. Waters of Fallen Leaf Chapter of Plac?r
ville, T. W. Wells of Tuolumne Star. Chapter of
Souora, Mr. Cashing of Oakland Chapter an J Past
Grand Matron A. D. Wilson.
The won ny grand patron will visit Watsonville
on Wednesday and continue in a southerly direc
tion visiting chapters on the way.
Independent Order or Odd Fellows-
Grand Patriarch Reid returned from a visitation
In Humloldt County last Wednesday and immedi
ately took a train for Bakersfield to pay a visit to
the encampment there. To-morrow he will be in
Santa Monica, on the 16:1) in Pasadena, on the
17th In }• ast Los Angeles, on the 18th In San Ber
nardino and on the 19th In Santa Ana,
The Vet-ran Odd Fellows' Associotion will visit
I'av City Lodge on Thursday next. There will
also be a delegation of Hebekabs.
1 here aie prospects of a very fine ent rtain
ment at the meeting of Unltv Lodge on the occa
sion of the celebration of Past Grand Master W.
H. names' sixty-second anniversary of his rth
and forty-first of his becoming an Odd Fellow.
The visit by til.- Veteran udd Fellows to Abou
Ben Adhem Lodge will be on the 15th of October.
The grand patriarch will attend a joint meeting
of the encampments of Tulare County in the hall
of Damascus Encampment in Visaliaon the -8: h
lust.
Sunset Encampment of Alameda bus issued a
large number ot invitations for its second anni
versary entertainment to be given on the Bth of
October.
The work on the home at Thermalito Is being
pushed rapidly.
Grand Master Werborg announces the following
visitations: Anderson, ember 26; Igo, 29th;
French Gulch. Si.'th; WeavervlUe, October 1;
Trinity Center, ad: Etna. 6th; Sawyer' Bar,
6th: Fort Jones, 7th: Yreka. Bth; sis-ton, Bth;
Dunsmuir, lUth; Corning, 12th, and Ked Bluff,
13th.
Grand President Mrs. Marian Greenwood will
visit a- follows: Fidelity Rebekah Lodge of Hollls
ter. September 16, instead of Vio.et, No. 42, as pre
viously announced; Soquel, October 7; Santa
Cruz, 'Bth: Watsonville, 9:h; Monterey, 13th;
Pacific Grove, 16th; Salinas, 23d.
Ancient Order United Workmen.
The first member of the order to present for In
itiation a candidate of the age of 18 in this juris
diction was Past Master Workman a. H. McCown
of Pacific Lodge.
Grand Mast r Workman Vinter delivered an ad
drfss before San Benito Loam at Hollister last
Friday and It was well receive'".
There was a large attendant- • in the hall of T ri
umi'b Lodge last Tuesday to listen to an add res i
by the grand record/r.
Cnity Lodge win be visited by W.H.Jordan,
past mas.t-r workman, to-morrow night. He will
address the lodges in San Jose this week.
The loaves of oa viand will observe the anniver
sary of the order.
.\n;io Lodge will hold a public meeting early
in October and the grand recorder will deliver an
add res -
New lodges are contemplated at Lodl, Walnut
Grove, and Soledad.
The Grand Lodge of Ohio has adopted the classi
fied assessments by a practically unanimous vote.
The Degree of Honor.
IVy Lod e will on next Wednesday organize a
anil team to confer the degrees. This lodge is
manifesting an unusual degree of activity and the
members show a great deal of Interest in the work
of the order.
Lydia Upchurch Lodge is making arrangements
for its anniversary, to be celebrated in ban Jose
on the 28th iusu
Native Sons of the Golden "West.
The full board of grand trustees examined the
books of the grand secretary and grand treasurer,
and, In view of their correctness, gave each officer
a red, white and blue certificate.
California Parlor has obtained the right to es
tablish a camp of the argonaut Degree, which is a
dif.-u.ned side one, ranking with the Curie Be»r
Degree for beauty, sentiment and symbolical
work. It ill be conferred by a team from Quartz
Parlor on October 16.
Deputy '.rand IT- sid»nt-at-Large Harry M.
CaniiH h gone to .Eureka for a month, and while
there w.l, visit the parlors of Humboldt Co.inty.
Grand Irus.ee Milto . l>. Garratt was married
last week. . The new couple left for a tour in the
southern part of the s ate and reached -tockton
in time to see the celebration on Admission day
and take i art in it.
- Grand Trustee Frank Sablachl will to-night
visit sari 1 rancisco Parlor: to-morrow night he
will be with Mount Tamalpais Parlor In San
Rafael; Wednesday he will go to sebbatopol. So
noma comity; Thursday to .Mcasio and Friday to
Precila Parlor in this City.
Native Daughter** of the Golden West.
The officers and members of Golaen Gate Pan or
who attended the celebration at Stockton are
lavish In their praise of the reception tendered
them by the Native sons and Daughters of Stock
ton. A i an Informal meeting those who went to
Stockton passed a vote of thanks to those w*io had
so open-hnartedly received and entertained them.
During the afternoon of last Wednesday the fol
lowing named past presidents of Golden Gate
Parlor, Miss Louise Meyer, Miss Johanna Meyer,
Miss Rosa Day and Miss Freda yon Staden, accom
panied b- Miss Kmma Smith of Watsonville, the
guest of Miss Day of this Ci;y, were driven in an
open carriage decorated with the carnival colors
all over Stockton, and during the tour paid a visit
to all the headquarters of Sons and Daughters.
i a Kstrella Parlor won many ho -ore at the'ee'e
bratlon in -lorxtcin last week, the living «tar which
It i resented in the parade being greeted at ev«>rv
point with cheers arid applause. The young I I leg
who represented nils progressive parlor were Miss
K. Fenst»rmacher. Miss H. Krause, Mrs A
Darneal, Miss L. Champion. Miss M. Santry, Mi™
F. IVtrie, Mrs J. olerveid. Miss K. Putrman, Miss
S. Asmus and Miss M. Kl-vers;»U». Ihe charter
of thii parlor isclo>el, and it has been decided
that the meetings all be on - aturdnys. "Echoes
from the Bazar" is the title of a party to be riven
by this parlor on the Bth of Oct' b r. ' ■
The long-ta ked-of me»ilne of Ursula Parlor at
Jackson, Amador Conn was held on the 4th
Inst . and there was a very large attendance -The
occasion was the reception by the Dar or of a
handsome banner, bavins upon It a weli-execnted
par rait (it Miss U.ly O. lieicliling, the ion iderof
ih> order. The banner was ma If to -how the par
lor's appreciation of what Mis< Reichllng had
done. Gimd PreMdent Mrs. ary K. Til.ma-i
specially invited, was pros nt. and in a very Inter
esting address reviewed the progress of the order
and closed with, m •■n|.. or tbeioui.der and the
work site had perf) m d when the order wat strug
g Ing. - Miss Keichiing, who wa? very much af
fected, responded ami thanked all for >he bo or
shown her. V> iiile she whs talking a beautiful
American Ha? was brought Into the hall and Judge
Scvis, In a patriotic speech, presented It to th» par-
L r on behalt of KxceJsior Parlor of the Native
sons. Mrs. Kontenros.- accepted the gift on beiialf
of rsula Parlor and paid a nign com pi. men to
the Native soim for the* 'cou'a?cment ■ they had
i'hv:ys "xtende 1. - Dancing followed the presenta
tion. Air*, i illmaii and Miss Reichllng remained
the guests of V sula Parlor unti Tuesday, when
they went toSocklOi to bi present during he
celebra lon. At Stockton these ladles were received
h Mrs. Blossom at her residence on California
stro€t>
The grand president and Miss Relchling during
their stay in Amador County were (he guests of
A mapola Parlor at suiter Creek and were the
i. u- sis of honor .it a lawn party given at the real-
I'.enceof Miss Ida Herman.
Ancient Order of 'Foresters-
Court Diamond Mountain No. 8526 was organ
ized on August 27 by Organizer M. P. Light, at Su
sanville, Lassen County, with 'hirty charier mem
bers. The fol owing are the officers: T. B. San
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND new YORK STOCKS.
writ block & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfT St., Tel. Main 1954.
: ■ BRANCH OFFICK - .-
-128 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. ri'KDY, Manager. -■
Orders • instantly executed on ■ latest market quo
tatloas. Reference Ist National Bank, rfc F. - ,
«t»CA«a V&IVATK WIHJt «J£W YORK.
ders, P. C. R.; J. B. Pardee, C. R.: W. H. Burrill .
K. C. X. : Jesse Cble, T. ; T. H. Long, F. S. ; C S
McDiarmld, R. S.: H. Euhornlng, 8. W.; B. R.
j Zimmerman, J. W. ; Charles Cain. S.*B : John
Campbell. J. B.; W. K. l-oz er, M. E ; W. T. Mas
j ten, K. Bigelow and W. R. Williams, trustees, and
; T. A. Oakes W. B. Clark ani C. Cramer, auditors.
| Coutt Benicia No. 85'Jti was instituted lasi
j Wednesday by High Sub-Chief Kan«er M Boehm,
assisted by George W. Lnnt, H. C. T., and George
I H. P. Shaw, H. c. J. W. The court has a member
ship of twenty-eight and the following-named are
the officers: J. V. Morea", C. R.; F. E. Lee, H. c.
R.: E. Lovejoy, F. S. : D. H. Jonas, R. «.: G Bo
»jart,T.; S. A. McHugh, 3. W.; M. Reid, J. W. ;
Charle, Holiday, s. B.; E.C.Stevens. J. B.: W.
Williamson, physctian, ana J. B. McDonald, P.C R.
Com! Advocate of Oakland celebrated us
anniversary by a grand entertainment and ball.
Dr. case, H. c. 11., was present and delivered a
very interesting address.
Court Redwood of Ukiah Is initiating members
at each meeting. The high chief ranger belongs to
that conru
High court Junior Woodward George H. P.
Shaw of National City was a visitor to Court Lin
coln last Thursday night.
Companions of the Forest.
Eureka Circle gave a very pleasant social in
Foresters' building last Thursday night, and it
was well attended.
German-America Circle entertained America
Circle last Friday night In its hali in Red Men's
building, and all >pent a very agreeable evening.
On Saturday night Bohemian Circle gave its
monthly social at 102 O'Farrell street. It was at
tended by a large number of peopie, who had a
very pleasant time.
supreme Grand Treasurer Mrs. H. Nevlns has
just recovered from an attack of illness which
confined her to her home for six weeks.
The supreme grand chief companion, Mrs. Roy,
was taken suddenly ill last Thursday.
Independent Order of Foresters.
The entertainment given by Court Southern
Heights, 1. O. F.i in Potrsro Opera Hall on the
sth inst. was a su' cess numerically and so
cially. More than 500 people crowded into the
hull. The hall was tastefully decorated with bunt-
Ing flowers, evergreens and deer heads. Chief
Hangar Barnes, who presided, delivered a short
address, during which he spoke of the wonderful
progress the court has maae since it was instl- j
tuted four years ago, and declared tbat it is now
not only the banner court of the City, but of the
northern part of the S ate. An excellent pro
gramme admirably rendered won much well
merited applause, and .Messrs. Thomas I-onßworth
nnd Hobert Ktewarl, who had the management of
the affair, were voted many thank* for t lie pleas
ure afforded, as were al>o the several com mi. lees
who assisted. A very enjoyable feature of the
programme was a farce, "< utoff With a stWllng,"
presented by the Western Addition Club. Mich
Chancellor Charles s. Perry delivered an Interest
ing address explaining the order and its benefits,
nnd stared that ufter paying nil death clalmsand
o her benefits during the past tweniy-two years it
has now a fund of $2,000,tj00 to meet any emer
g ncy. The entertainment will no doubt draw
many new members to the court.
Court Diuna has been adding considerably to
its membership of late and now has ten applica
tions under consiaerat on. its entertainment com
mittee is preparing for a smoker in the near
future.
Court Morris Vineyard of Los Angeles sets aside
one night in each month for a social. Tbe one last
month was a basket social, which was we 1 patron
ized, High I hie* Hanger Mct-.lfresh beine a pur
chaser to a large amount. The membersQip of this
cour: is more than 35U.
Since High Chief Ranger McElfresh entered
upon the discharge of his duties in 1891 he has
instituted seventy-one courts in this state, and has
seen the membership increase from 1000 to 6000.
Foresters of America.
Conrt San Lucas No. 154 was Instituted last
Friday evening in San Lucas. Monterey County,
with thirty-five charter members, by R. B. Vel
iage, G. C. R., assisted by W. M. Black, D. C. C.
R., and a delegation of officers and members of
(our Soledad.
As usual, the room of Court Sutro Heights was
well nl ed on last Thursday evening Six candi
dates were Instructed in the mysteries of Ameri
can Forestry and three others were elected. The
social committee presented an excellent pro
gramme. Among the visitors present were: J.
BickJord, C. R., of Court Bon it a, D. A. Sullivan,
C. R., of Court Golden West, J. L. McCormick, P. D. ;
C. R.; Pe!s»r, V. H. C. R. ; S. A. While, (J. T.; C.
H. Bremer. G. S.; J. Samuels. <;. S. \\ .. and P. U
Waller, grand trustee, all of whom made interest
ing and instructive remarKs.
Court Palo Alto is making preparat on for a
high jinks in t lie near future.
Co;ir Richmond will entertain its fr.cn • o
morrow evening and lake steps toward oi-.:i. /..iik
acircle of the Con pinions of the Forest.
The recent banquet given by Cour. Aurora in
honor of Is eighteenth anniversary was a pro
nounced success and grea. credit U due to ihe
committee and the toastmaster, J. J. Fulton. The
following programme was carried ont: \Wlcome
address by J. J. Fulton, C. R. ; "Court Aurora" by
John J. Cordy. P. (i. C. X; "Our Order" by K. s.
Harrison, G. J. W. ; -'Uur Mster Fraternities'' by
Dr. G. W. Day wait: "Our Gues:*" by f. It,
Ames, P. c. R.: -'Our Absent Friends" by J Label,
P. C. K»: "The Grand court" by J. Samuels, G. S.
W.; '-The Ladies" by S. L. Waller, G. T.
Companions of the forest, F. of A.
Excelsior Circle, the oldest circle in the order,
is the first in setting a good example by practicing
the tenets of the order. A feature in the circle
is the semi-annual appointment of a social com
mittee which takes charge of all the social func
tions of the circle. The committee recently ap
pointed has already made its mark by entertain
ing the friends of the circle with an open meeting
and later on with a butterfly and bow party, and
in the near future will give the annual anniversary
ba'l. The committee is: Mrs. H. Wishman, presi
dent: Miss M. McMurray, vice-president; Miss B.
Hessler, secretary: Miss C. Magnus, treasurer;
Miss L. Wishman, Mrs. A. Harrison and John J.
Cord jr.
Andrews Clro'.e of Santa Ana has been Reamed
a dispensation to change its name to that of Fi
delity. -.*>.--. . ,\
True Friend Circle of Chico was the first tore
turn the old rituals and meke application for the
new ones. All circles mubt procure the new rit
ual* prior to the first day of next February.
In all probability the supreme chief companion
of the order, Mrs. Sarah Storey of Philadelphia.
Pa., will visit California before the close of the
year.' s
The necessary steps are being taken by Court
Hanford to organize a c rele in Hanford.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. M. A. Duke was
one of the many visitors at the celebration in
Stockton during the past we k. being there as a
member of Oro Fino Parlor, Native Daughters.
United Ancient Order of Druid*.
Noble Grand Arch Mevoto has called a meeting
of all the local groves to meet in Druids' Hail on
September 21 to form a general relief committee.
Deputy J. F. Mo'lson has called a meeting' of
Elviu, Golden Gate and Hesperian groves, com
prising district No. 3, for the 24th insu, in Wash
ington-square Hall.
California 'and El Dorado groves of Placorville
are receiving many applications. > A circle will be
instituted shortly In that city. ■..».•■. -
Petßlu i a Grove initiated two candidates ana
received two applica ions at its last meeting.
Vasca de Gaum Grove has received several ap
plications recently, and at the next meeting he
work will be ex mplified with a new and com
plete paraphernalia.
The noble grand arch delivered an address at
the annual picnic of Mayfield Grove on Sunday
the 6th ii.s'.
.Boadlrea and Golden Hate circles are increasing
their membership. A committee has been ap
pointed to ma arrangements for the public in
stallation of its officers.
The Knights of Pythias.
The officers elected at the recent Supreme Lodge
Convention j .s: held at Cleveland, Ohio, are: p.
T. Colgrove of Hastings, Mich.. S. C. ;, Thomas G.
Sample of Allegheny, Pa., 8. V..C.';. Albert Rtein
hardt of Alabama, S. P.: R. L. C, White of Tennes
see, fa. K. R. and .-.; Thomas D. Meares of North
Carolina, S. M. of i.; James, W. Moulsun of
New Brunswick, S. M. at A . H. a. B gelow of Seat
tle, Wash., aI. G. ; J. W. Thompson of Washing
ton, 1). C, 8. O. O.: J. A. Hlnsey of Milwaukee, P.
B, of C. of E. R.; James H. Carnahan of Indian
apolis, Ind., M. G. V. R. \ Benjamin T. Chase of
Maine and. E. A. Graham of Alabama were ap
pointed upon the Supreme Tribunal for five years
each. *.. . ■ -.-.-..
On the 3d of October Grand Chancellor Me-
Glashan. In company with Grand Keeper of Rec
or.l.B and Seals Schaffner. will T.sft Cinnabar
Lodse ai New Aimade,,, «hen there will be work
In the Knight Hank in the long form by the team
of San Jo-e Lod-.e. a banquet and a dance. At Its
last convention this lodge received six applica-
B<S * d Keeper of Records and Reals Herman
Schaffner will visit the -nvrn..n< nto lodges this
week. Jo-night he will visit Sacrame.mo Lodge,
T^r^Coiu'ml'la. 11 "' WedneB(1 »>' Capitol and
The new castle lo be occupied by Kiver View
Lodge of Rio Vista will be dedicated on tbe 9th of
< ctober. The grand chancellor, the grand keeper
of records and seals and other - grand officers will
Selma Lodge reports eVe ° applications and ten
more to bear from.
The Royal Arcanum.
M. 8. de Roco, past regent and at present secre
tary of Argonaut Council, has returned after an
absence of several weeks, during which he was In
Helena, Mout., attending the session i of : the Su
preme Camp of Woodmen of the World. *
This order Is rapidly neanng the 200,000 mark
Nearly 1200 members have been admitted dur
ing the first six months of the year. 'Since Jnn»
23, 1877. the order has pa d out to beneficiaries of
deceased members almost $87,000 00
The supreme regent has addressed a letter to
Argonaut Courcl>, asking for a fu I history of the
council since its orK-uniz a,, thirteen years ago
He is collecting data for historical souvenir '
Deputy M.S. de Roco made an extended trip
through the Northwest country, visiting. councils
in I ortland, Tacoma and other points, and reports
good prospects- ... *^
CIF "la 7 G. Watrous of Sacramento was in this
Regent. Banks of Golden fiate Council, recently
instituted, was formerly of Hancock Council, New
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
York, and Is a very energetic member of the
order.
(.. A. Weisse of Missoula, Mont, is a recent
transfer to Argonaut Council.
The Chosen Friends.
More than a b undred candidates were initiated
during the month of August. During the current
month seventy-five have already been Initiated.
Several new councils are now in progress of
organization.
The fourth of a series of meetings arranged by
the grand councilor will be he!d by Samaritan
Council on the 7th of October. Deputy E. M.
Morgan will preside. The fifth will be held on the
•-9th oi October by FalrmouDt Council and Deputy
Homer will preside.
Grand Councilor Boehm visited Unity Council
last Thursday, wheu several candidates were ini
tiated-
The first public district meeting of Evans, Olive
Branch and sunset councils will be held in Social
Hall. Alcazar building, Friday next, under the su
pervision of Deputy F. A. laylor. A tine pro
gramme will be presented and the principal ad
dress of the evening will be delivered by Supreme
Kepr;'se;itative Edward I. Wolfe.
Grand Councilor M. Boehm and Grand Recorder
S. C. Wallls will make visitations as follows: lone
Council, September 14: Butter Creek Council, on
the 16th: JacKson Council, 16th; Hetdh-Hetchy
Council at i-onora. 18th; Grass Valley Council,
21st; Nevada City Council, 22d: Downievllle
Council. 23d; Forest Council at Forest City, 24th;
Comstock and t T nity councils at Virginia City,
Nev.. 2Sth; Ormsby council a: Carson City, 29th;
Riverside Council at Reno, but i.
Knights and Ladles of Honor.
Tbe union meeting of the lodges of Alameda
County, which was announced for next Wednes
day night, has been postponed on account of the
llness of several prominent members.
The Supreme Lodge Is offering prizes for new
members. Every member introducing twelve new
Relief Fund members will receive a gold hunting
case watch.
During last June warrants on the Relief Fund
were drawn to ihe amount of 5156.75U, during last
April ihe amount was 9150,916, and during Oc
tober, 1896, tbe sum of 5162.5U0 was drawn.
The Order of B'ne B'rlth.
Last Thursday night California Lodge was
visited by the grand officers. Addresses were
made by Grand President \S olfe, Grand Treasurer
Harris, Grand Trustee Marcuse and Grand Secre
tary Levison. During the evening there was an
Initiation, and by Invitation of President Franklin
the conference comnltttee, "hlchwas in session
discussing various endowment plans, paid the
lodge a visit in a body. Members of :his commit
tee gave a general Idea of what is being done.
Keports from Montana, Oregon, Nevada and
various sections of this s.ate nhow Increased
activity In the matter of membership.
Grand President Wolfe Is working to the end of
securing 200 young men, who will either form an
Independent lodge or jon local lodges.
Young Mt'ii'n Institute.
Sacramento Council, at its last hsld meeting,
initiated several candidates. Tbe members of
this Council are manifesting a great deal Of
activity.
California Council and Columbia Council have
secured headquarters in the Alcazar building.
Columbia Council will hold Its first meeting there
on the 24th inst.
George H. Talt has been elected treasurer of
Santa Cruz Council No. 12, vice J. J. Roney
resigned.
The Grand Directors met last Saturday night,
but transacted only routine business.
The Board of Organizers have under considera
tion the organization of a council In the Cathedral
parish.
The second lecture, arranged by the lecture
bu reap, will be held on the 18th Inst., und r the
auspices of Vallejo Council It will be by Rev.
Father Yorke, on "1 h« Pope and the People."
The following natni d were visitors at the office
of Grand secretary Stanley last week: L. F.
Michel of Seattle, J. Thompson of Watsnnvllle,
Daniel Kagan of uilroy and Philip Princevalle of
Redwood City.
Yomip Ladies' Institute.
The reception which was to have been tendered
Past Grand President Mary I. Wynne has been
Indefinitely postponed on account of the recent
death oi a near relative of the lady.
Knights of Honor.
Saturday evening, the 6th insi, at the meeting of
the Past Dictators' Association, Grand Dictator
Archibald announced tbat be had appointed T.
Johnstone grand reporter and George J. Vincent
grand trustee. A new constitution was adopted,
and a new office, tbat of financial secretary, was
created. Committees were appointed to visit the
several lodges and arouse some enthusiasm where
needed.
Last Monday Liberty Lodge was visited by tbe
grand dictator and the grand guide, who at the re
quest of the lodge initiated two candidates. The
I same night t-rand Dictator Archibald and Grand
i Reporter Johnstone paid a visit toYerbaUuena
Lodge and addressed the members. T. J. Kind
was elected guardian to flli a vacancy. This lodge
has before it several applications.
Last Tuesday the gmnd dictator and Medical
Fxamlner Dr. Burgess paid a visit loßaxon Lodge.
T O applications were jecelved. That nlghl Ger
ni iiiia Lodge initiated one candidate.
•>d Thursday night or.md Vice-Dictator W. W.
Moris in, Grand Chaplain U. B. A lien, Gratd < • v Jde
T. Learned ami J. M. Cohen of the Grand Lodge
finance committee vi-tited Forttina Lodge.
The Grand Lodge trustees and the Grand Lodge
finance committee will hereafter meet on the first
Tuts lay of each month.
Tbe c'rand dictator visited the lodge at Healds
burg last Saturday night. Next Tuesday be will
visit Center Lodge at Berkeh-v, Eureka Lodge on
the 16th. Marysville on the 18th. California Lodge
at Sacramento on the 24th and Col usa on tlie 25th.
To-morrow night Center Lodge of Berkeley will
glv>- a smoker and hiuh jinks.
Union Lodge has received an announcement of
the death of on<- of its members, Sergeant Walter
W'a by, commissary sergeant U. S. A. The de
ceased, who passed a.vav at Huachuca, Ariz., was
well and favorably known at the Presidio.
American Legion of Honor.
Assessment 368, or September, has been lavled,
delinquent on the last day of the month.
Statistics for August show seventy -nine deaths,
creating obligations to tbe amount of 9198,000.
A count received through assessments, $240,895:
pawl death losses, $240, 500. Tn.al amount of
losses paid since the order was established in 1878
up to July 9, 1896, *:13,551.945.
live death claims In this State amounting to
$15,0;i0 were paid last week. One of these was
paid to the benefi'-larles of William liaynie. who
organised the first council in this State, Pioneer
Council at Sacramento.
Grand secretary Burton went to Stockton last
week on a vacation.
When Grand Commander Fllben closes his
lab rs at the annual conference of the M. K.
Church at Pacific Grove he will visit councils in
various parts of the state.
Past Commaiider William Dunda<i returned re
cen lv from a visit to tbe Kast. He reports con
■ giderable actlvi y in tne order in New York, in
New Jersey and in Pennsylvania. lie will give an
' account of this trip at the next meeting of ihe As
' sociated Council. In the State of New York 1500
members have been received this year up to date.
P.. ports from the councils of this state s'iow
that the members have been loyal and indorsed
the action of Supreme Council officers In levying
; two double assessments for August and Septem-
National Dnlon.
California Council held an unusually Interesting
meeting last week. Four candidates received all
the deirr es, with most impressive ceremonies.
During the evening the speaker provided a splen
did programme, which included a p ano solo by
Mr. ForstT, vocal solos by Mr. Van 'irJrn, a comic
song by Mr. McGufHck. some wonderful fish
s. ur.es from Tahoe by ex-President Harris, a rela
tion of experiences in Mexico by Mr. Tickner and
a s irring patriotic addns i by Mr. King.
Eighteen candidates were Initiated by Pacific
Council on the 6tn lost, and a number of applica
tions received.
El Dorado Council ia getting up a team to do de
gree work. Senator Dreyfi:ss, who is a member
of this council, has recently presented it a set of
new paraphernelia.
On the evening of the 22d inst. Golden Gate
council will bold an open meeting and have "an
evening at home." when a well selected pro
gramme will be presented.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics*
Deputy State Councilor Bellinger announces
tbat there Is good prospects for the reorganization
of the old, or the organization of a new, council at
Santa Ana.
• The anniversary banquet of Paul Revere Coon-
I cil in the Malson de l'opera, Oakland, last week
was a very suo.es-ful aff tlr.
California C'ouicil received forty-eight applica
tions for membership last month.
Supreme Director Stanley Is sti'i directing his
energies in the matter of organizing another branch
of the commandery U. A. M.
California Council Daushters of Liberty had a
splendid entertainment last l-rl'lay In aid oJ the
sick and funeral fund of tbe council.
Knights of the Golden Eagle.
Grand Chief McGowan and Grand Master of
Records Hanna visited Pacific Castle last Tuesday.
This castle, which has been quiet of late, has made
a move In the matter of advancement.
(•olden Gate Castle gave a party on Saturday
which was well atte ided. This castle will give a
smoker to its friends some time in October.
California Castle will giv a hop and tamale
party on the evening of the Ist of October.
Order ol the Maccaben.
Tbe Los Angeles degree team, under the leader
ship of General Deputy Supreme Commander
Charles A. Lukenbacb, will be in this City shortly.
The four local tents have completed arrange
ments for the reception and entertainment of tbe
team, and witn that end In view have secured
Washington Hall for the 22d, 23d and 24th inst.
There the school of Instruction will be held and
the new ritual of tbe ord^r. recently adopted, will
be exemplified in all Its beauty. There will be
present delegations from tents in San Jose, Stock
ton, Sacramento and other towns In the northern
part of the State.
Order of Pendo.
On the 4th lnsL another council was Instituted —
Hope Council at Helena, Mont. It Is expected that
this council will in a very short time have a mem
bership of 200.
suprem*-^Secretary Ernest Duden Is visiting the
j councils In the southern part of the &iat«.
FLEENOR TALKS OF
ROME'S INFLUENCE
Refers Dramatically to At
tempted Assassination
of Dearbon.
THE POPE'S INFLUENCE.
Said Romanism Advocated Only
Hypocrisy, Terror and
Superstition.
EXCITING SCENE AT THE CLOSE
F eenor's Remarks About the Sisters
of Charity Result in His Being
Called a Liar.
The attendance at tbe good-citizenship
meeting at Metropolitan Temple yesterday
afternoon was considerably above the
average, the lower floor being well tilled
and tbe gallery comfortably so. There
were the usual songs and introductory re
marks by Chairman Quitzow, after which
the orator of the day, W. T. Fleenor of
Seattle, delivered an address, taking as
his subject "Rome's Demoralizing Influ
ence on Individual Life." Among other
things he said:
"The cry of the martyr comes to us
from the East. Dearbon is probably dead
by this time. Do you know what that
means to us? It means much to 100,000
A. P. A.'s within the next month. It was
a dastardly, cowardly affair and will re
sult to the final good of the order.
"Our friend Riordan tells us that his
peopie stand for religious freedom, for
liberty. He also tells us tbat Romanism
has led the van of civilization. Now, fel
low-citizens, I want to challenge tbat right
here. The next time he speaks 1 want him
to put his linger on tbe map and show me
the spot where Romanism has advanced
either civilization or liberty.
" Rome's Demoralizing Influence on
Individual Life' is the pu eject to-day, but
next B»nday I nm going to tell something
a out the effect of Roniani-ra on family
life. lam w il awure that the charge we
bring ncainat Rome to-day is a niosi serious
one. Strong says the nineteenth century
i- on probation. He s- peaks for society,
and right here is where I brin^ my strong
est point against Romanism. 1 am in
favor of tesnng every individual who be
comes a p >rt of America. Ev ry foreigner
who c mes here mubt have every ve». ige
of for< ignism pre-sed out of him— he mubt
become thoroughly American. That<an
not be done so long as Rome's church as
sumes th»> at'itude she <ioe«>.
'Every citizen is an evolution of all the
people, liow true tbe saying: 'United
we stand; divided we fall.' Any influence
which diverts full allegiance to American
t>rinciples is an accessory to perjury. It
is the old story of the man pitted with
smallpox, who swote that he never had
smallpox. The Pope may swear until he
is black in the face and the bishops may
swear until they become as spotted as
leopards that they are true to American
principles, but her record in Amerira
stands out in too bold relief ever to be for
gotten. If a man attempted to speak to a
woman in fc-an Francisco socially like the
Poie speaks to Americans politically I
would help boot him ont of the town.
"The history from the first Pope down to
the present shows that they have never
stood for freedom or progress. Now there
may be tho*e who may be praying for an
earthly master, but as for me," I will seal
my eyes with this old flag before I will
pray to any old Pope or potentaie. Rome
demoralizes individual life bjf imposing a
creed for education and culture. Rome
would fill this country with a thin soup
education, but American people will nev»r
be cajoled into any such thing. Now in
papal scnools you know tbe highest thine
tauht is allegiance to the Pope. But re
gardless of all this tbe people "understand
the situation. Old Lafayette understood
it all. He told the Pope to be honest for
once and tell the people of Europe that
what they wanted was not to educate the
people.
"Now, in the third place, Rome de
moralizes individual life by giving beads
for bread. I have shown that Rome does
not educate, but is an institution of ignor
ance, legerdemain and hypocrisy. Mr.
Yorke may call the A. P. A. a lot of
scoundrels, but let me tell you that the
■. ood work is going on and on until this
ku-klux gang is made to feel its poweriul
influence." •
The speaker then began a general tirade
against nuns and Catholic women in
general, applying a very harsh and vuigar
terra to 1500 women said to have attended
the Plenary convention in Baltimore in
1870. His remarks elicited applause, but
th u re were not a few hisses and cries of
"Shame, shame." When the excitement
had partially subsided a young woman
rose in her seat, and, in a voice quivering
with passion, shouted, "You lie, you know
you are a dirty liar."
Cries of "Put her out" followed, and in
the subsequent excitement many ladifs
withdrew from the building. "Fleenor
then concluded his remarks without
further interruption.
It is seventy years since ihe first, rail
road in tho world was finished, and now
some 400,000 miles are in existence.
Explanation.
me arrow files with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperaum* for the
nays; those underneath it. If any. the amount of
rain tall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
during the past twtlve houra. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
n fers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" us' ally first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these conditions
wiil produce an opposite malt.
WEATHER lil'KKAi; REPORT.
TJXITKD STATEB DKPAKTKRST OF AGKICUI/-
TUBK. WEATHKB BDRKAU, SaX FRANCISCO, Sept.
13, 1896, 6 p.m. Weather conditions and general
forecast ;
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations In California to-day:
Kureka 62, Red Bluff 78. San Francisco 61,
Fresno 90, san Luis nblspo 72. Los Angeles 76,
San Dieao 72, Yuma 100
San trancisco uata— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 54, mean 68.
The pressure has risen generally over the coun
try west of the Rocky Mountains during the past
twenty-four hour.j. It Is now about normal over
Northern and Eastern California. An area of high
pressure overlies Montana.
The temperature has remained nearly stationary
over the entire Pacific Slope. It has risen over
the Kocky Mountain and pla'eau regions.
The weather has be-n generally fair over the
western half of the country. Li^ht rain has fallen
at Hottla d.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. September 14, 1896:
Northern California — Fair Monday: variable
winds Inland; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Monday; light west
erly winds.
.Nevada— Cloudy in the northern portion Mon
day, fair In the southern portion.
rtah— Fair Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday; fresh
westerly winds.
A. O. McAdik. Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
September, 1896.
Bu. Mo.
6 7
13 14
Tu.
1
W. Th. Vt. Ba. Moon's Phases
8
9 10 11 12 |/-^sKtrs: Quartei
\\JS Sepu 13.
15
18 17 18 19 a. Full Moon
KE/ Sept. 21.
23 2 * 25 2ri ffM^tQnarter.
Sept. 29.
30
20 21
23
— —
M 27 I 28
29
OCEAN STREAMER
Dates of Departure From San FrancUco
STEAMER |DKSTINATION. |
Corona sanOle^o. ...
P0m0na..... Uumboldtßay
Weeott Kei Kiver
Columbia... Portland
Karailon Yaquina Bay.
Kureka Newport
City Puebla Vie* Pgt Snd
Truckeo iocs ll«.
Aiamedu.... Sydney
Empire Oreion ports .
feunol Urays Harbor
Newport.... Panama
banta Rosa. San JMeeo
A rauo Coos Bay
Sta:eotCal. Portland
Coos 8ay.. .. Newport
WallaWaila Vie <t Pgt ana
Arrata (Oregon ports. .
City Peking|C'hina<fc Japan
SAILS.
j PIER.
San Dleso Septl4.llAU Plerll
Humboldtßay Sept 14, Htm Pler.»
Kel Kiver ceptl4. 6p* Pier 13
Portland ...... SeDt.IS.IUAM ; Pier
Yaquina Bay. Sep:l6. 9au fieri
Newport Septl6. J*AHPlerll
Vlc&PgtSnd Sept 16, 9am! Pier 9
Coos Bay Sept 16, 1 pill Pier 8
Sydney Septl7, 2pm Pier 7
Oregon pores . Sept 17. 6pm Pier 14
Grays Harbor s«pt 1H.1 2 x Pier i
Panama Sept 18.12 m PMBS
San J)1«ko Septl&llAM Pierll
Coos Bay sepllM.lOAit Pier 13
Portland septJO.IUAM Pier
Newport sepi'2o. Pa* Pier II
Vie & Put Sna Sept2l. Bam Pier »
Oregon ports.. sept-I.IOAM Ple>-24
China Japan Sept2l, Mpv|PM S8
STREAMERS TO ARRIVE
stkamf.r
From
Dub
Crescent city. .. Crescent City sept 14
Kureka. J Newport Sept 14
Truckee jCoos Bay Sept 14
Kmpirb Portland f<eptl6
Willamette Departure Bay Sept 15
Sui:oi Grays Harbor Sept 13
Santa Kosa San frtezo « bept 16
North Font liumfooldt Bay Sept 16
Auslralia Honolulu Sept 16
B*n Be nl to Tacoma Sept 16
Alcairaz Coos Bay Sept 16
Arasro CflOi B»y Sept 17
SiateofCal Portland aept 17
Waila Walla. .. Victoria « Puget Sound ..Sept 17
Orizaba Mexico ..Sept 17
Coos Bay Newport r»ept 18
City Sydney Panama Sept 18
A rot a 1 1'ortland Sept 18
Allceßlanchard Oregon ports sept 'JO
Corona. !>an Dipgo. -p'lt 20
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Beanch Hvdbooraphic Offick, V. 8. N., ~)
M KUCHA NTS' EXCHANOR >
San Fbancisco, September 13. 1898. )
■ Tha time ball oo lelegraoh Hill was droppei
exactly at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the l'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkchthxer.
Lieutenant U. S. N. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. S. Coast and Okodktic Scrvkt Tidk^
Bulletin Pvblishkd by Official >
authobity of the scperixtkn dk\t. )
ilond.iv. September 14
Sun rises 5.62 j Moon rises
Sun sets 6.1 8 j Moon sets 11.18 pm
September— 1896.
I 1!^ Feet 22Z^ Feet Il^i Feet H^ Feet
g H W I, VV H W L W
14; «.i7| 4.3 iU.Hb 5/7 4748
LWH W L W
16 0.28 0.0 8.08 4.4 12.07
16 1.38 0.0 9.0U 4.7 1.38
17 «.3'J 00 9.44 6.1 ..49
18 a.^o 0 1 10.19 6.3 3.42
19 4.00 0.3! 10.48 6.6 4.-J6 l
20 4.:<4 0.8 li. 15 6.5 i 6.06|
6.6!
II W
3 8 6.07 6.6
3.6 7.VJ4 6.6
•A.4 X.30 6 7
2.8 9.U8 6.7
54.41 10.24 6.6
1.9 11.1 V 6.4
Note— In the aoove exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a< to time. The second time
column gives th« second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column given tha last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
eccurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on tha United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractiv*
from the deDtb given by ;h"e charts-
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
SUNDAY. September 13.
Stmr Farallon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer*
Akmann
stmr Weeott, Whitney. 26 hours from Eel
River; pass and mdse, to Russ, Sanders A Co.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindson. 20 hours from Rock
port: 2:W <di bark, to J S Klrnball.
stmr Noyo. Levlnson. 1 4 hours from Fort Bragg;
pans and mdse, to J S Kimlmll.
Stmr Yaqulna, Hall. 71 2 days from Seattle;
883 ions coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson. 14 hours from
Green wo>d: lumber, to L fc White Lumber Co.
Slmr Cleone, Jonnson. 20 hours from Hardy
Creek; bark, to Gray <& Mitchell. Up river direct.
stmr Pomona. Dornn. 161.J hours from Eureka:
pass and mdne. to Goodall. Perkins it Co.
simrGeo Loom is, Brldeett, 33 hours from Ven
tura; 6302 bblsoil, to Union Oil Co.
Stmr Gipsy. Leland -4 hour* from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Baik Emma FHerriman, McPhle, 17 days from
Berlin; sea; liO M codfish, to master.
Sclir Christina Stoftens, Nordlmg, 30 hours from
Wal'tport: 70 <ds wood, to R \ Gllbride <$; Co.
Schr Mary Etta. Zaddart. 30 hours from Collins
Landing: 76 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
Solir Mnry Gilbert, Christiansen, 6 days from
Coqul le Kiver; 120 M ft lumber, to F Kronberg.
O ;klnnd <llr»-ct.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Olsen, 4 days from Devil
bias La:idlne: 160 els bark, to Hlgglns <fc Collins.
Schr Lily, Bottcer, 6 <tavs from Lmpqua Klver:
lun oer. to Gardiner Mill Co: 18 bxs butter 13
ca cheese, to Dodge, Sweeney & Co.
Sailed.
SATURDAY, September 12.
Stmr Point Arena, Strand, Mendoclno.
SIXDAY. September 13.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttiefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Newsboy, Kosen. Ttliamook Bay.
Simr south Coast. liansen. Eureka,
btmr Scotia. Johnson, Albion.
Stmr A bion. Thors-n.
Br -,hlp Di.ton. B;ap. Queenstown.
Br ship Cedarbank. Moodr. Hull.
Schr Jennie W ana. Christiansen. Eureka.
Schr Neptune, Estvold.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Sent. 13—10 p. m.— Weather
haiy: wind W; velocity 8 miles.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA- Arrive I Rep: 13— sehr Elnorah, frm
San Pedro; scbr Fortana, hence sept 3.
bailed Sept 18— Schr Defender, for Honolulu.
MONTEREY— Arrived Sept 13— schr Monterey,
from Bowens Landing.
USAL — Arrives 12— Strar Protection, from
San Pedro; RChr S Danielson. hence Sept B.
SAN PKDKO— Arrived Sept 13— .Schr Hueneme.
from Everett.
.MKNDOPINO-Arrived Sept 13-Stmr Point
Aieua, hence Sept X' 2.
HEAIO'R LANDING— SaiIed Sept 13— Schr
Bender Brothers, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— .-ailed Sept 13-Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco.
COOS BAY-Salled Sept 13-Schr Ida McKay,
for an Francisco.
Arrived Sept 13— Stmr Arago, hence Sept 11.
TATOOSH-Passed in Bept 13— BKtn Willie B
Hume, from Shanghai; Chll ship Tern uco, from
Valparaiso.
PORT LOS ANQELES-Balled Sept 15-Stmr
Mlneola, for Comox.
Movement* of Trans-Atlantic Steamers.
GLASGOW— Arrived oat sept 13-9tmr City ol
Rome.
HAVRE— Arrived, oat Sept 13-Stmr La Bour
gOKne.
QUKENSTOWN— baIIed S«pt 13— Stmr Lucania
for New York.
MiW YORK— Arrived Sept 14— Stmrs MasslUa
and Italia, from Mediterranean ports; stmr A Her,
from Bremen and Cherbourg.
GIBRALTAR— Passed Sept 13— stmr Fulda. fm
G noa. for New York.
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed Sept 13-Stmr South
wark, from Antwerp, for New York.
LlZARD— Passed Sept 13— Stmr Saale, from
New York, for Bremen.
Importations.
VAQUINA BAY-Per Va alion-650 ska oats.
9HI sks wtieat, 'J644 qr sks 100 hf ska 230 hales
Hour, 596 aks bark, Jb M ft lumber. 10 bdls.htd»s,
45 cs eifcs. 19 coop.s poultry, 1 b.< dr apples. ■- >>xn
stoves. 18 bxs butter. 1 j>kg incise. 26 bdls stuff. 1
coop chickens, '2 bxs 6 pkgs household goods, 1 oil
tank.
Marshhold-160 tons coal, 1 cr dry goods, 1 cs 2
bales blankets, 7 bales (tunnel.
Port Orfora — 1 bdl pelts, 6 kegs 4 bxs butter, 1
bdl hides.
Eureka— 1 * bxs fruit, Ics dry goods. 3 oil tanks,
7 pkgs household uoods, 1 t- pers r fleets. 50 bb's
tallow, 1 pkgs bocks. 1 pkR mdse, 2 pa castings. 1
crt machines.
PoRT X' NYON— Per Weott— 4l tubs 7 kegs
84 hf-kegs BJK) bxa b'jtter, 21 sks peas, 20 head
cattle, 1 pKg mdse, 1 cs clears, '2 dressed calves, 20
cJs stavebolts.
FORT BKAGG— Per Noyo— 4 bdls hides 14 pcs
Implements 1 lot tent and llitures, 3 bxs pianos,
1 trunk. 1!19 ft lumber.
EUREKA -Per Pomona— 'l hf-es Ibx fish, 2'Jl
bxs butter, 921 M shinsdes. 40 sks sawdust. 1 b-11
iron baskets. 1 cs stationary. 1 vise, '2 obis water,
1 crt sashes, 16 Mft lumber, 15 bxs books. 1 box
extrac s, 3 cseitits. -0 pk s household goods. 1 cs
cigars, 14 bdls pelts, 1 bx dry £Oods, '2 btlls uersonl
effects, 9 pkgs express. 1 sk coin, 10 cs cUcr, 10 cs
dru s
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— l cs eggs.
Mora Cojo— l4lo sks potatoes.
Soq;iel— s6 bxs apples, 1 boi dr prunes, 620 rms
paper.
Santa CruE— l4 rolls rough leather Ibx soap, 44
pkgs junk. 1 bale 8 rolls sole leather, 1 bx butter,
1 bx apples. 500 obis lime.
Pigeon Point— 2 bxs butter, 6 sks seaweed, 50
drums 50 cs cheese.
Amesport— 6 cs cheese, 2 bxs butter, 34 sks cr
peas, 1607 sks oats, 470 sks barley, 106 sks beans
Consignees.
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson <ft Co ; 3L Kline
A CO; C J Leist A Co: W C I'rlce <fc Co; J E Fulton
<fe Co: J P Thomas; E J Bowen <fc Co; II H Hoiran:
Dodge, Sweeney & Co; Cahn, Nlckelsburg & Co; L
Foard; Allen & Lewis: Standard Oil Co: Pacific
Commercial Co: J D Spree -els it Bros Co: Charles
Jacobson & Co: Bandon Woolen-mills: G Co Her;
C X Whltnev «t («: Ross <& Hewlett: Arrtic Oil
Works: A Galli Fruit Co: Sherwood AhnerwooJ:
Levi, Strauss A Co; S H Frank & Co: F B Haishf.
Herman Wauieck & Co: Allen «t Hit-gins: Coro
nado Water Co: J N Otta; C Woodward; Legallel
<fc Ueliwlg; Kothschild <& Khreupfurt.; L B South
ern; -inger Mach ne Co.
Per Noyo— Blssineer & Co; J H Xewbauer <fc Co:
Standard Oil Co ; Hooker & Co; Pacific Press; S E
Wevers: Matthews Bros A Co; G Gaddini it Co: C
Gianeitoni: McPherson & Rucker; F W Spencer
<fc Co: Union Lumber Co.
Per Weott— Russ, Sanders & Co; Ross A Hewlett;
Brigham, Uopue & Co: H Dutard; Witsel <fe Baker;
OBSmlthACo: H N Tllden Jfc Co : FBH<ti«ht;
Dairymen's Union; CIS Whitney i Co; Hills Bros:
Norton, Teller <fe CO: Hllmer. Bredhoff A Schulz:
Wheaton, Brton AL'o; Marshall A Keimrrs; J H
Newbauer & Co; Dodge, Bweeneydt io;H Dutard;
standard oil Co: C H Albee; Mau. Sadler A Co; H
S Foss <fc Co; Western Meat Co; Gde Lucca <fc Co:
D Delloaso.
Per Pomona— American Union Fish Co: E E Me-
Leod : Brigham, Hoppe & Co; C A Hooper <ft Co:
< unnlngham,CurtiS3>& Welch; Wells. Fargo <fc Co;
Dodge, aweeney * Co ; Dairymen's Union: Pacific
Vim-gar Works: Chas Nelson: C E Whitney A Co;
Dunham. Carrlgan <fc Co; Uuss, Sanders it Co: Mo
Kd-.'cfcCo: Ttllmann <fc Bendel: Getz Bros A Co:
r ti IlaUht : Wheaton. Breon <fc Co : HumLoidt liin
Water Co: Redington A Co; HLandard Oil Co; J H
Kiouse; Hills Bros: Norton, Teller & Co; Healds
burg S Co; J A Huffman, J A Folger cfc Co; J R
Hanlfy A Co: P <fc U sioii; 8 E Watson; Hirsch
<fcco: W Cohen; H Deakyne: order.
Per Gtosy— Norton, Teller <fe Co: H Cowell A Co:
Dairymen's Union: Thomas Lougbran; DBiaggl;
Marshall, Teggart <fc Co; Klt Stevens &Co Whit
land <fe Co; Wolf & son; D E Allison & Co ; Stauffer
<fe Co; Chas Harley <fc Co; Enterprise Brewery : F
M linniracr; Kron Tanning Co: OBSmith&Co:
Wellman, Peck &cc ; Bngnam, Hoppe A Co; A W
>ink: A Ualli Kruit Co: Martin. Feusler&Co: A P
Ho alin« <fe Co; M T Freitas <fe Co; Standard Oil
Co: H Dutard; O' Neil Bros A Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL, FROM
liroadway wharf, San Francisco. asJS&sLiSC
follows:
For Mary Island, Coring, Wrangel, Juneau, Kll-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11. 36.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New W atcom < ISellinzham Bay, Wash.). 9a. m.
S»-pt. 1, 6, 11. 18, 21; 26, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
X., at Tacoma with K. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
K. Hy., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For 1 ureka, Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14,
18. 1:2. 16. 30. and every four.h day thereafter.
For --lima Cruz. Monterey, San .Simeon, Cavucos,
Port Harford (San luls Oblspo), Goviota, 'santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m.
B*-pt. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
any thereafter.
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis obispo), >:tnta Barbara, Fort Los An-
re)»-s, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m. Sept. 2,6, 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Nan Jo»e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket otlice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Str-eu
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THEO.R.&N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Rpear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA Dli (*l2 Mrat-class > Including
XV ltTJ\Siis Second-class /berth A meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia .Sept. 15, 25, Oct. 5, 16
State of California ..Sept. 20, SO, Oct. 10, 20
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appica-
tlon to
F. F. CONNOR. Gene Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. Superintendents
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, Lav HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, || by
AUSTRALIA. %Jf S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMKUa sails Via HONOLULU and !
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September >
17. at 2 p. m. j
a B. AU>TRALIAfor HONOLULU only, Tues •
day. September 22. a: 10 a.m. Special party rates.
LInetoCOOLOARDIE, Aust., and CAPETOWN.
(South Africa.
J D. BPRECKELS A BROS. CO., Agents,
111 Montgomery street. I
Freight Office. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. j
COMPAGIHE TRAJSATLHTIQIB ;
French Lin^ to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH AtfJ. |
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by *•«** 1
this line avoid both transit by English railway ill
the discomfort of creasing the channel *"»££*-
boat. New Yonc to Alexandria, tgypi, via r*t'-i. ;
nrst-ciass $160: second-class, »lltt. •
LA TOURAINE : ;e pt. 19, It m. !
ugasuoo.sk be ?t, *% 1
LA BRKTAGNE oct. 10.3 am.
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10. 3 a m. ,
LATOURAINK "• oct. 17. 6 a. m. I
«T For further artlcU A fFo B RGfeT?Ag e nt. i
No. 8. Bowling Green. -New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPAQ. !
STEAMERS LEAVK ASPINWALL AJL !
fortnightly for the West Indies and *~™%af
Southampton, calling en route at Csrbourgn.
France and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throueh biKs of ladin?, in connection with, the
Pacin? Mali is. s. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in EngU&d mid Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cheroourg, Southampton. First class. $195: third
cilia. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
Class, *ji «»• pARKOTT fa CO., Agents,
- . hop I'a.li*nrTiianU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 6F. 3*» l>aily. JeTei^ixt, received up
to ■: .{.» I*. >1.
aa- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
" c only Hue making through rates on Valley
Road freight. STEAMEKS;
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary (iarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. &ay. and lmo^ Co
D.S. lAVY-YARD. MARE ISLAND, YALLEJO.
*B«nifia, "Port Costa, *Cr«ck«*l l and *Yalon.i.
STK. . MOMICKLLO,
Daily 10:80 a. m.. 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays *n»:30
/. m.), 3:30 p. M. Sundays 8 p. m. only. Offices
and landing. Pier 2, Mission si. Telephone Black
2dl. HATCH BROS.
• 4 and 8 P. M. trips only.
•* Excursion trip, Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SASJOSE, LOSGATOS& SAM CRUZ
STr.AMEK ALVISO LEAVI> PIER 1 DAILT
Oa; 10 a m. (Sundays excepted); Alvlso dally at
7P. M. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. Fare between San Francisco and Alviso,
60c: to Sin Jose, 75c. Clay st., Pier 1. 20 W.
Santa Clara V.. -.•» .If>ii» * . i ■ .
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
TlOif TMALPAIS."
Trains connect with North Pacific.
Const Railroad.
WEEK DAYS— Leave &F. 9:15 a. m. 1:45 r. st
. Returning— Arrive S. K. 3:25 p m. 6:20 P M
SUNDAYS— Leave S.F. Bam 11:30 a.m. 1:30 pm.
Returning— 5.F.1 :15 p. m.4:20 p.m. 7:35 p. m.
'lickets for sale in Mill Valley or
• THO.-. COOK & SOKB, B-'l Market St.", 8. F.
Mill Vallty and Mount Tamalpaia ttceaio way.
RAILROAD TRAVEL!
sTrVAND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
SEPT. 5, IP, IS, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave Jrom B. P. Co. Ferry landing, loot of
Market st., at 8:00 p. m.
onr-mni ) 01 fl Includins Berth,
SPCIA' OIU r Tourist Sleeper.
RATES" * $19 F "I""'
For fur her information apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD OKAY, T. H. WOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHBRN PACIFIC COMPAXY.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tralna leave i»n«l !"•<• «»««« <«» «ril»« nt
SAN IKANtIStO.
leave — Frost Septembeb 3. 1806. — aek i v>
' *6:O(»A~Nilcs, Banjoes and Way Stations... 8:43
7:«0a Atlantic Express, Ug'li'ii and Tast.. 8:« ?
7:00 a Benicia, Vaoville, Rurcs-y. Sacra-
mento, Orovillo and Redding via
DlTis » 6:43i>
7:»« A Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
toga Han'.a Kosa 6:15p
«:!»«A Kites, Han .loco, Btnckton. lone,
Sacramento, Marysviilo and Red
Bluff -«:15p
•8:30 a Peters n:«l Milton ' *7:13 P
9:<m»a Los Angeles Erpross, Fresno, Santa .
Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45?
- 9:OOa Martinez and Stockton 1 1 : ir, v
9:00 a. VaUejo 0:15?
1 :OOp iS'ili's, San Joso and Livermore Si4sa
•I:OOp Sicramento River Steamers *it:VOp
fl :30p Port Costa and Way Stations f7 545*
4 :OOr Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo,
Napa, Caliatoga, El Verano and
Sauta Rosa 9:13 a
4:80p Benicia, Vacaville, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys-
yille, Oroviilo and Sacramento .... 10:434
4:39p Niles, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13?
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yoscmite) and Fresno 11:134
s:*6p New Orleans Kxprccs.Fresno.Bakers-
iielil, .Santa lUrbma.Los Angeles,
Doming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East 10:13 a
8:00p Sauta Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 10:13 a
s:OOpVcUcjo 11:15 a
6:OOi* lOuropeau Mall, Ogdeii and East.... !•:!."><
6:<>()i> Ilayv.anln, Niles mid Han Jose 7:l.">v
J7:OOpVailejo t7:-15p
7:OOp Oregon J'lxpross, Sacramento, Marys-
villc, Redding, Portland, I'ngt-t
Sound and I'aat 1 0:4 54
SANTA <:U»IZ PI VISION (Nnrrovf <;aiigo).
17:43 a Santa Cruz Exatrsion, Hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:03p
8:15 a UciTark,Ccnterville,S:inJoso,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations s>3op
*S:lsp Newark. CenterTillo, San Jose. New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *l 1:20 a
4:15 - Nowark. Kan Jose and Los (.'atos.... 9:30^
Coast IM VISION oiiiiii x T«»wnse»ul sis.)
*6:43 a ban Jo.so ami ay Stations (.New "~^
Almaden Wednesdays only) 0:47 a
J7:3oa Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
S-uta Cruz, racific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations J«S:33p
8:15 a Sun Joso, Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
l'acilic Grove. Paso Rubles, San
Luis Obispo, GuadalupD and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05p
:9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations 1 1 :30p
1O:4O.\ San Jose and Way Stations 3:»iop
11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30?
•2:30 1- San Mateo, Mcnlo Park. San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Sal:nas,MonteTeyandPacificGrove # lOi4Oa
*3:BWp San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations # l:S0p
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations •8:0« a
San and Principal Way Stations "»:4«a
C:3op San JO3O and Way Stations C:33a
tll:isi- San .l(.s»iuid WayKtoMons T?:4sp
SAX LKAXiIKO AM» IIAVWAUDS LO«:aL. _
i # 6:ooal ? 7:15 a
8:OOa ta:43A
! io.'oSa Melrose, Seminary Park, Viliat
"sloop Fit«hbnrg,SaiiLe*«dro "^J^
3:OOp - n J 4:-:sp
4:00 pr Sna • 5:45 P
5:00p Haywards. 6:13p
S:3op liaywaras. 7:|3p
7:00p §»4SP
9*oop * Runs through to Niles. ] o-.">o p
ttll":Ioi- t From Nilea. tt«2:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i From SAN FR4KCISCO— Foot of Mtrket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 *2:30 t3:00
S M:O5 tS:QO *6:oocm.
From OaKIAHD— Foot or Broidw»j.— *6:00 «:00
10:00 a.m. 12:00 '1:00 t3:00 *3:CO $1:30
'5:00 p.m. _^ ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
. t Sundays only.
; > ft Monday, Thursday and .Saturday nights only. .
SM FRANCISCO & NORTH PA.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
I Tiburou Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WKEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 18:51.
8:80, 5:10. 6:30 p. v Thursdays-Extra trt.
"11:30 p. K. Saturdays— trips at 1:M
SUNDAYS— 7:3O^9:3O, 11:00 a. k.; 1:30, 3:31
BDNDAYH-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; I:3ft 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 P. if.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IB, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A •> .
BXJ^, VY 7 p 35 ii. 9: -°' 11:1 ° *■ "-■' I:4 * B! **
Between San Francisco and Scbnetsea Park "m«
schedule as above. —"■■
k**™ In effect Arrive ~
■an Franciscq ApriiT San Francisco.
2 : 5S am 7:30 AM Nova 10:40 am! 8:*0 a*
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm i 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 px| 6:15 p*
Fulton,
7:Soam I Windsor, " 10:10 ax
Windsor. 10:10 AM
Healdsburir,
|GeyBervllle,
8:30 PM 7:30 am| Cloverdale. 7:30 PM 6:15 pit
Pleta, ™
7:30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
B:3opm I 7:30 am Uklan. 7:30 pm 6:13 f X
7 :S0 am 10:10 ak
7:30 AM Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
8:80 fm 6:15 F«
7:80 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am] 8:40 am"
and
6 :10pm| 6:00 pm { Glen Ellen. « 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7 :30 am! »*«**■ 110:40 AM 1 10:10 aic
B:3opm|s:oOpm| ° eD "topol. | 6;o6yM | a . 15 p ~
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Slcagsrs Springs; M
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hignland
Bprings, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and utkeporc at
Ilopland for Lalceport and Bart Springs: at
TJklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blaa
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper J^we, Porno PotteC
Valley. John Day's, Itlvcrsirte, l.lerley's. Buck-
Hell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonevilla,
greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
pTort Bragg, W«stport, Usal, Wlllets. Canto, C*>
TSio. Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
tmtes.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points b#>
.yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle bniMtiM>
B. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Con. Manager. Gen. Pass.'Agent>
Atlantic "^^^^^pj
KAILKOAD fJC^i^lia^ii^
Trains have an.l arrive li BWs2fe*i^CT*Crt l
tlarket-Street Ferry. TlAt^?B BOH
BAITA fFeXPRFSS..^^v^^
To Chicago via A. A 1 vJ£»sb^Bs^
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., o«r.-..u« i ul:uiaa
Palace Drawing-room Sleeix-rs, also Modern Up-
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and la charge of a porter, run dally
through to Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and Su .Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Excursions via
Kansas Ci-y, Chicago, Montreal and the White
.Mountains leave every Wednesday.
'1 he best railway from Calliornia to tbe East.
New rails, new lies: no dust: In.erestlng scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St., Chronicle I uil<lin . Telephone Main
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
•: (Via Sansalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, . oinni n ing Ju.ie 15, 1893.
' WEEKDAYS.
For Mill \ alley and San Rafael — 7:00, •B^oo
*9:15 10:15, 11:45. a. m.: -1:45, 3:20.-4:15.
6:16, *t>:00,!>:35 p. m. *
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wedne*
o.ay* and Saturdays at 11 -M p. M.
SI DAYS.
For Mill Valley and ban Rafael— «B:oo. *9 00
•10:00, 11:3Ua. m.; •*l-.':3j. *l:30, »2:15 *4-0(i
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. ivxtr* trip to Sausalltoat
1 1 :oO\ a. M.
Trains marked • run to San Qnentin. ••12:SQ
p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
For Point Reyes ana way stations— 9 a. m.
Kundavs. *• ■"•
■SC^SS?; i c^- er M° a ty , 8t * tIoM -
NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS ATTORNEY- AT
\J law and Notary Pu&Uc »$3<J ilarkot st, ooo>
inePalace HoteL Teleptioae a7a iUwldaM* idSInteresting News Items From Alameda County.
WILL NOT ADMIT
THEY ARE DEAD
Final Effort of the Machine
to Prove It Still
Lives.
ONE WEEK OF POLITICS
Chief Lloyd's Letter to the En
deavorers Meets With
Favor.
COMMERCIAL LICENSE EVILS.
Oak'and Suffering From Some of Her
Own Narrow. Minded Legislation.
Ho:ds a License Record.
Oaklakd Office Pan Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Bept. 13. )
The coming week will be purely one of
Chief of Police C. E. Lloyd* Because of His Recent Stand Regarding
the Christian Endeavor Societies, His Initials Are Now Generally
Known as ** Christian Endeavor Lloyd."
politics in this county, though that is far
from implying a week of pure politics.
Candidates for Judges, Supervisors and
the Legislature are, consequent upon the
hard times, so numerous that all seem
to have banished the idea that they can
rely upon their merits before an intelli
gent community and consider that their
election depends solely upon the combina
tions they can form upon the checker
board of delegates. An Alameda politician
never learns anything. For years the
bulk of the same people that vainly im
agine they dominate politics here have
been beaten every time they came before
the public, yet they seem unable to realize
it. Politically dead, they ]ust manage to
escape burial, and lincer on in the delu
sion that because they are still above
ground they are alive, as though the ma
jority of people killed on a battlefield were
not left to bleach where they fell.
The primary to be held next Saturday
possesses one significant point that must
not be lost sight of by those Republicans
who are such from principle only. There
is an inclination among such to avoid the
primary and to rely upon the best candi
dates running independently to insure
needed changes among officials. This
would be all right but for one thing. The
delegates elected next Saturday, although
they may not nominate one man who will
be elected by the people, will certainly
elect the County Committee for the next
two years. To have a committee similar
to the one now in power means two years
more of vagrant politics and disgrace in
this County. The court records and the
supervisorial records should be more con
sidered than campaign sDeeche*. and the
banner of McKinley should not be per
mitted to be used as a catspaw to perpet
uate any clique of politicians whose inter
ests are directly opposed to those of the
people they misrepresent. Everybody
should be aware of the cry : "The machine
is dead; long live the machine."
Chief of Police Lloyd's letter to the
Christian Endeavorers, published in this
paper a few days ago, although it has not
yet been officially taken ud by that body
seems to have created a very iavorable im
pression. Although the Chief, who is an
Endeavorer himself, somewhat underrates
the practical work of that great army of
young Christians Borne of their leaders
have already admitted that his point is
well taken. Condensed, Chief Lloyd's
letter says that the Endeavorers spend
most of their efforts in singing and pray
ine and organizing, and suggests that a
grand work for tnem to undertake would
be that of looking after the interests of
the little waifs who find their way through
various channels to the City Prison.
That this particular branch of work is
most pressing at this time receives sup
port from the plea of the Society for the
Prevention of Crnelty to Children. The
society's work is now so great that during
the i-ast week they have taken tne pre
liminary steps toward seeking the sup
port of the Salvation Army in the matter,
realizing that something must be done.
There is no more appropriate work for
Christian Endeavorers than that of look
ing after "the least of these," and a largo
portion of the public are anxiously
waiting the next meeting of the City
Union to see what disposition will be
made of it.
Tobn T. Bell, one of the most active
promoters and directors of the Oakland
exhibition, has been doing some thinking
about the policy of taxing commercial
travelers who only operate in their own
State. "A remarkable and yet natural
condition of things has developed from
the system adopted in California of im
posing a town and city tax upon com
m rcial travelers representing manufact
urers of the State and leaving untaxed
those who are sent out by Eastern houses,"
said Mr. Bell. "Oi.e of the leading manu
facturers doing business in California,
whose house is in Oakland and who has
heretofore kept a large number of men on
the road, now finds himself so handi
capped by the increased number of towns
and cities which impose thii tax that he
has been compellei to practically abandon
the field, and his former employes are be
ing engaged by rival manufacturers in the
East who'are not required to pay this tax.
"For t!>e only State in the Union which
has a well organized and aggressive Home
Manufacturers and Producers' Association
to thus by legal enactment discriminate
against its own interests, impose penalties
upon home enterprise and send thousands
of dollars monthly to Eastern cities for
goods which would otherwise be made in
California is an amazing exhibition of a
lack of ordinary horse sense on the part of
our lawmakers."
While Director Bell's remarks are true,
ii is equally true that no city in the State
has shown a greater desire to enforce all
kinds of license tax than has Oakland. In
fact, that city holds the record for the
most unique enforcement of a license or
dinance. W r hen the exposition was open,
which is admittedly the greatest adver
tisement this county ever knew, the di
rectors were threatened with arrest if they
did not pay a license of flu for maintain
ing an amusement house, and it was paid.
That this license tax is opposed to public
policy has been very definitely proved in
thin city. Some months ago the deliverers
of goods to local residences, that had been
purchased in San FrancißCo, were arrested
for not having a license. The result has
been that several San Francisco houses at
once established big branch bouses over
here and are now doing a large share of
the trade that formerly was done by bona
fide Oakland merchants. 8. W\ U.
POLITICAL POINTERS.
Alameda County Preparing for Satur-
day's Primary.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 18.— The Repub
lican county primary will be held next
Saturday.
The National Republican League has
opened headquarters on Broadway. Mur
ray Laidlaw is secretary.
Dr. Derrick has declared that he will not
withdraw from the Senatorial fight in
favor of Straiton.
Tne interior of the county has decided
that G. W. Lnnpan of Livermore shall
have a nomination for Superior Judge.
Hiram Luttrell was announced to-day
as a Democratic candfdate for the Assem
bly.
The Populists and Democrats announce
that ti;ey have fused in this county, but
every Populist who speaks on the street
denies tnat any one is at liberty to speak
for them.
John A. Britton, general manager of the
Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Company,
and regarded as the most public-spirited
man of this city, has renounced the Demo
cratic faith and become an ardent sup
porter of the caus? of protection and
sound money. Last Monday night Mr.
Britton was unanimously elected third
vice-president of the Alameda County
brant n of tne National League of Republi
can Clubs.
At a political meeting in the Seventh
Ward seven candidates for the same office
of Supervisor addressed the voters.
Next Saturday night theMcKinley Wig
wam at Mt. Eden will be opened.
Donates a Site.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Sept. 13.— Mrs. May
Drake Osborne of Brooklyn preached at
tuo First Methodist Church t'lis morning.
She announced that George Montgomery,
the wealthy Salvationist of Beuiah, had
donated a site at Lytton Springs for the
purpose of a home for training women
workers on similar lines to those at the
Brooklyn Home.
School Girl Miming.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. 13.— Mabel
Hoover, a 13-year-old school girl, is miss
ing from her home in Lorin. She is de
scribed as rather pretty, black eyes and
hair and rosy cheeks. Her mother is d-si
tracted over the girl's absence and can
tnink of no reason for it.
Fencing In the Giant's Causeway.
As a sequel to recent" meritorious at
tempts to direct the attenlion of tourists
to the many charms of scenery *nd green
eery existing in "the distressful country"
comes tne rumor that the astute owner of
that portion of the coast embellished by
the well-known Giant's Caus way is busily
at work upon a rin^ fence which will effec
tually place this natural phenomenon on
the footing of a paying exhibition. This
policy is scarcely likely to increase the
confidence of hesitating visitors who at
the present time can with difficulty be
persuaded to put aside prejudice a id un
dertake that mo&t delightful experience —
an investigation of the many points of in
terest to l>e found in Ireland.— London
Truth.
Father Time will carry his scythe until
he is no mower.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1»96.
THE RETURN OF
THE MOONLIGHT
Speculators Expect the
Schooner to Bring a
Fortune.
QUIETLY SLIPPED AWAY
Went to Discover the Location
of an Island Rich in
Guano.
NO PHANTOM OF THE SEA.
The Man in Command First Saw the
Island When He Did Not
Knew Its Value.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 13.
Captain Fowler is anxiously looking for
the return of tbe schooner Moonlight,
which left Oakland some time ago to dis
cover a guano island off the coast of Lower
California. Several capitalists subscribed
heavily to aid the enterprise, and they
likewise expect to reap a harvest.
Tbe sailing of the Moonlight was kept
very secret owing to the prevalent idea
that the vessel was to go on an expedition
similar to that outlined by Baron Baro
teau, and which contemplated the forci
ble taking possession of large territory
which is in dispute. For this reason the
Moonlight sailed very quietly and no one
knew her mission till it was announced
that her return was shortly expected.
"Eight years ago," said Captain Fowler
to-day, "Captain Erntt was master of a
vessel owned by J. D. Spreckela and was
sect to Clipperton Island to load guano.
When he eot there he was surprised to
•cc the nature of his cargo, and recollected
that on a former voyage he had seen a
large island of the same stuff, but had not
known its value or given it a second
thought. A few months ago I decided to
take the matter ud, and we sent out an
expedition, but it retu ned because the
captain did not have the rieht chart.
We then sent out Captain Erritt in the
Moon light and nis return is expected in a
few weeks."
The prospectus, to which several promi
nent people subscribed, is as follow-:
The island in question was discovered eight
years ago. According to the description of the
discoverer— a well- known sea captain oi good
repute and standing — the island is about three
miles in length. Its width he could not deter
mine at the time, owing to tbe obstacles of
millions of birds. .Besides, he was not aware
then of tbe commercial value of guano and
thought it useless to furtber inspect this island
or to have his discovery recorded at the Hydro
graphic Office and put on the chart.
The location of the island being In a tropical
region, there is no doubt but thai the immense
quantities oi guano which the captain ascer
tained it contained are what is called ammo
nUcul guano, which commands tbe highest
price in the market.
Tbe captain's proposition is to charter a
small yes-el, sail to ihe island, locate the same
in proper shape, and then to bring back a
sample lot of guano of about 50 or 100 tons.
Such a trial quantity would be sufficient for
sending to Europe in order to close contracts
for regular shipments.
The price of guano in Europe ranges from
$15 to $25 a ton, according to quality, and
con tracts for 10,000 to 30,000 tons can be
readily closed by tbe promoters of tiie syndi
cate. Tbe present freight rate by eail to
Europe is from $5 to $b a ton. Owing to the
favorable location of tbe island any large ves
sel can anchor there, and the cost of putting
the guano on board will be very small, thus
leaving a large margin for profit.
According to the captain's estimate, the re
quired capital to make tbe necessary expedi
tion will be about $1200. and be expects to re
ceive 55,000 shares oi stock in the company
with 100,000 shares, uuichit is proposed to
incorporate ai soon as tbe above preliminaries
have been accomplished.
Of the remaining 45,000 shares the inten
tion is to set aside 15,000 shares as treasury
stock, to be sold at $1 per share or more, as
the company may elect, while tbe balance of
30,000 shares will be divided pro rata among
tbe subscribers to tbe syndicate.
It is distinctly understood that parties sub
scribing to the syndicate will not be required
to pay the amount signed for until the entire
$1200 will have been raised. They will then
pay the amount of tbelr subscription to one of
the members of the syndicate, elected by
them, wiiich latter will pay out the money for
the above-mentioned purpose of an expedi
tion, preliminary to an incorporation of a com
pany.
Among those who took stock were Dr.
Boyce, Joseph Mcßoyle, Dr. F. Starr,
C. B. Greene and Captain Fowler.
"Our idea," said Captain Fowler, "is to
leave two men on the island and to freight
all the guano to San Francisco. We ex
pect to make a rich haul."
ALAMEDA IS WICKED,
Therefore the Christians Should
Rejoice at the Prospect of
Work.
The Municipal League Requires Certain
Pledges of Nominees for O.fice.
Some Poor Baseball.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept, 13.— "The
Christian workers should be glad that
there are so many sinners in this city,"
said Rev. Henry Victor Morgan of the
Church of the Disciples this morning, "for
it gives them plenty of work to do. If
they were all Christians there would be
nothing to do."
Mr. Morgan took his text from Acts
viii :I0 and said in part:
"The Christian is of necessity an opti
mist. No man can believe in a God of truth
and justice and not believe that truth and
justice must finally triumph.
"Should the Christian worker be dis
couraged in Alameda? By no means.
Why? In the first place there are sinners
here and the Christian worker is needed.
Were there no sinners there would be need
ol no workers.
"Christian workers in Alameda should
t>e encouraged on account of the rapidly
growing sentiment in favor of Christian
unity in the city. God truly has many
people here, but they are not united.
Every step toward unity causes heaven
to rejoice and demons to tremble. There
is coming a time when the church of
Christ will be united. Every day brings
news that the barriers are breaking, tbe
ice thawing, and soon the divisions will
cease and the church of Christ march for
ward 'terrible as an army with banners.' "
Municipal Ownership.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 13— The Ala
meda Municipal Ownership League held a
meeting at the residence of F. H. Ale-
Cormick, 1803 Alameda avenue, tonight,
and passed resolutions pledging Its sup
port to only such candidates for the As
sembly and Senate as would favor the
passage of a law enabling cities of the fifth
class to own and control their municipal
plants, such as electric light, water and
the like.
While they do not consider themselves
a political or.-anlzation, they feel that the
object for which they are organized will
be attained more rapidly by securing the
election of those who are friendly to their
plans. Hence they will make a hard tight
to secure the indorsement of their plan by
every candidate before his nomination.
Cut by a Tin Can.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 13.— A young
man named Hall, from the English ship
Lathom, 1; ing at the long wharf, was
brought to Dr. Keys to have a serious gash
in nis heel dressed. On entering the port
about live weeks ago Hill was playing
around on board of bis vessel, when some
one threw a tin can at him. It struck the
corda above his heel, cutting deep. The
wound has had the attention of the ship's
surgeon but does not mend. It is feared
that gangrene or lockjaw may set in.
riayed Poor Ball.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept 13.— The frame
of baseball between ihe employes of the
Fisher & Combs and Hagy's meat
market was a burlesque. The game be
gan promptly at 10 o'clock and was played
in a little over two Hours, the game end
ing with seven innings with a score of 42
to 6in favor of Hasry's men. At the close
of the fifth inninp, Combs, left fielder, ex
changed with Morton, pitcher, which re
sulted in better woik in the box.
M'LEAN'S TARDY LETTER,
Sends Many Details Ahout the
Canal to the War De
partment.
Like Banquo's Ghost the Doctor and
His Controversy Over the Project
Will Not Down.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 13.— The letter
of Dr. J. T. McLean, in regard to the Oak
land harbor matter, which he has suc
ceeded in getting tne Board of Trustees to
indorse, contains little more than a recap
itulation of the matter that has been pub
lished several times during the contro
versy over the harbor improvements. Al
though a week has passed since the trus
tees signed the communication, Dr. Mc-
Lean has carried it in his coat pocicet
until to-day, when he brought it to Oak
land fcr publication. After reciting the
details of the work under the various en
gineers who have been in charge since it
commenced, it says:
That Colonel Suter, under date of July 17,
1896, officially reports to the chief of engi
neers, U. S. A., at Washington, "that this part
(the tidal canal) of the onginal project for tbe
Improvement of Oakland harbor, made in
18*4, was based on imperfect Information, and
is now thought to be unnecessary ; and that the
estimated cost of its completion is $512,000,
etc."
That this report of Colonel Suter concern
ing tbe uselessness of tbe tidal canal as a part
of the original plan of Oakland harbor and
that the estimated cost of dredging and bridg
ing the completed part of sala canal is $512,
-000 has astonished the people living adjacent
to said hirbi,r, who consider ihe statements of
said report as not well founded and who de
precate the adoption of said statements by
she authorities of the War Department be
cause of the present and prospective injury
which, in our judgment, would result to said
harbor from a lahure to complete it on the
general plan upon which it was originally de
signed.
That the estimate for dredging the tidal
canal, made by United States Engineers Men
dell, Stewart and Alexander In 1874, was
$349,497, and the revised estimate made by
coionel Mendell in his report for 1887 for
dredging the canal was $413 940, and for tbe
bridging over the canal $200,000. From these
estimates and from tbe actual cost of dredg
ing nearly half oi the canal and of bridging it
at Park street, as stated above, it is reasonable
to suppose that the cost of dredging the un
completed pßrt of the canal under the compe
tition of at least three dredging firms will not
exceed $200,000, and that the cost of the
needed bridge at High street will not exceed
the cost oi the one at Park street, $60,000,
making the probable cost of completing and
bridging the canal $260,000.
If to this is added the cost of tbe dam and
floodgates— estimated by Colonel Mendell, in
1887, for dam, $27,000— say $40,000, we have
for the dredging and bridging ot the unfin
ished canal and for tbe dam and floodgate a
total of $300,000, a sum less by $212,000 than
that reported by Colonel Suter.
The lengthy communication concludes
with an attempt to prove that if the
original plan be not carried out the appro
priation cannot be touched, because it has
been made for the "existing project."
What toe "existing project" is has already
been determined by Colonel Suter, who
differs in every respect from Dr. McLean.
SUNDAY COURSING.
Winners of the Event! at the Ocean
View and. lngleaide Parka
Yesterday.
Coursing was held at both parks yes
terday. The running of the thirty-six-dog
stake at Ingieside resulted as follows:
J. Shea's Fearless beat T. Brennan's Rapid;
D. Leonard's Wlll-o'-the-Wisp beat J. F. Grace's
Nellie Conroy; J. Harmon's Marguerite beat
11. Spring's Premier; J. Brennan's Lady In
dleside beat N. Necnan's Regent; J. llannon's
Foxhnil beat J. Larry's True Blue; T.Butler's
Susie beat P.Reilly's Bran iJ.Sexsralth'* Mission
Boy beat J. H. Maguire'a Geortsie McGrath, D.
Cinlla's Happy Day beat Valley kennels' Lil
lian Russell, I*. Reilly's Harkaway beat Ala
meda kennels' Daisy, P. Ryan's Gripman beat
Valley kennels' Jimmy Cork, J. Ryan's Stone
wall Jackson beat M. Tray nor* s" Climax, I.
Reilly's Wee Nell beat J. Larsey's Galloping,
P. Reilly's Bam beat W. J. Shields' Fond Hope
J. Ryan's E V D beat F. Hughes' Domestic, T.
Brennan's Gold King beat g. Duncan's Iron
clad, Portal & Haggerty'a Eldridge beat 8.
Newman's Blue Light, E. Wilson's Sunnyside
Maid beat 8. Newman's Charlie Boy, J. Shea's
Tullarmore beat J. Quane's Young Clifton.
First tics— Will-o'-the-wisp beat Fearless,
Marguerite beat Lady Ingieside, Susie beat
Foxball, Mission Boy beat Happy Day, Grip
man beat Harkaway. Stonewall Jackson beat
Wee Nell, Sam beat E V D, Eldridge beat Gold
King, Tullarmore beat Sunnyside Maid.
Second ties— Will-o'-the-wisp beat Marguer
ite, Susie beat Mission Boy, Stonewall Jackson
beat Gripman, Sam beat Kidridge, Tullarmore
a bye.
Third ties— beat Will-o'-the-Wißp, Stone
wall Jackson beat Tullarmore, Sam a bye.
Fourth ties— Susie beat Sam, Stonewall Jack
son a bye. - ■ ' ■
Final— Susie beat Stonewall Jackson.
At Ocean View two stakes were decided
as follows: , -
Old dog stake— Merrill's Faster and Faster
beat J. Fltzpatrick's Lady Clare, J. Wren's
Magnolia beat T. Cooney's Eclipse, J. F.
Grace's Said Pasha beat J. Sullivan's Evening
Star, D. J. Heal y's Olden \V beat D. Roche's
Gold Dust, J. Seeerson's White Chief beat J.
McMahon's Lackawanna, •A. Merrill's Hand
spring beat J. Dillon's Bill Nye, T. Cooney's
Hercules beat J. 'King's. Sweet Alice, T.
Cooney's Granuaile beat J. Fltzpatrick's Annie
Daly, J. Cox's Menlo Boy beat X C. Randolph's
Happy Jack, Casserly Lehman's California
Violet beat M. Rogers' sly Boy. - • irmiprn
First ties— Faster and Faster beat Magnolia
Said Pasha beat Olden W, White Chief beat
Handspring, Hercules beat Menlo Boy, Gran
uaile beat California Violet. .
Second ties— bald Pasha beat Faster and
Faster, White Chief beat Hercules, Granuaile
a bye. ; "
Third ties— uranuaile beat Said Pasha.White
Chief a bye.
Final— Granuaile beat White Chief.
Puppy stake — D. J. Healy's Mialmo beat J.
Lenuon's White Clifton, W. D. Murphy's False
Alarm beat T. Cooney's Master Hopeful, M.
O'Connor's Lady Clilton beat . J. McCormack's
White Lily, J. Lennon's St. Cloud beat J. Mc-
Cormick'H Black Prince, T. Mahoney's Nelly
Gray a bye, D. J. Heaiy's Move On beat Cas
serjy & Lehman's Princoss Diana, J. E. Cohen's
Hignlund Mary beat J. Victor's Lelnster Boy
First ties— False Alarm beat Mialmo, St.
Cloud beat Lady Clifton. Move On beat Nelly
Gray, Highland Mary a bye.-
Second ties— False Alarm beat St. Cloud
Move On beat Highland Mary.
Final— Move On beat False Alarm. • . .
IS SEVENTY-SIX
BUT CAN SPRINT
N. E. Theodorianitis, the
Champion Distance
Runner.
BEADY FOR CHALLENGE
Makes Good Time in a Walk
From San Pablo to
Berkeley.
WILL BACE ANT ONE OVER 40.
The Veteran Sprinter Won the Cham
pionship of Greece When He
Was Seventy.
BERKELEY. Cal., Sept. 15.— Nikolaos
Ethermius Theodorianitis, 76 years of age,
walked eight and a quarter miles in sixty-
NIKOLAOS E. THEODORIANITES, the Aged Sprinter, Crowned
"With Laurel Won on the Stadium at the Olympian Games Near
Athens, Greece.
four minutes this afternoon on the 6an
Pablo ro.id.
The aged athlete's remarkable feat of
this afternoon was, as it turned out, a
"practice jaunt" taken with a view to get
ting himself in proper condition for sprint
ing against all comers over 4o years of age.
Tbe old man, with a number of friends
j and The Call correspondent and artist,
I left Berkeley at about 3 o'clock. He was
dressed in a bicycle costume, with the ex
ception of a big felt hat, and made a most
picturesque figure.
The party drove to a short distance be
yond San Pablo. It was a hot day and tne
] road was dusty, but the plucky Greet did
j not appear to be in the least daunted oy
the laborsome task ahead of him— of mak
ing a record back to Berkeley.
The hearty old walker started out at an
excellent ga.it, though it varied somewhat
at times from the definition of a walk that
I is given in the approved manuals giving
rules for track contests.
The whole town of San Pablo turned out
to watch the eccentric old Greek. There
were spectators at evsry door, the hangers
on at the saloons came forth in crowds,
! and some of the more curious spirits sad
■ died horses or got out their wheels to fol-
I low the queer procession formed by Theo
doriauitJs and his companions.
The old man kept up a good gait from
the start. Considering his advanced
years, it was thought he might find tbe
undertaking he had entered upon too
mvi.ii for his strength and a buggy was
kept close by him all the way, ready to
give him a seat should he become ex
j haustcd. But the sturdy old Greek never
wavered, lie did not make a single stop
for rest and refused all offers ot refresh
ments en route, and when the end of the
journey was reached, at West Berkeley,
he deciineJ to ru;e to the east end.
All along the line between San Pablo
and Berkeley great interest was aroused
by the veteran athlete's expedition, and
he and his party of friends attracted much
attention and many followers.
The news of tne old man's trip was
known to many Berkeieyans and a large
I crowd gathered at University and San
; Pablo avenues to shake his baud when
nis long walk was over.
The walk of Theodorianitis this after
noon was a sort of starter to train for
greater events. The old man is ready to
race witn any one half his age or over for
a run of ten or fifteen hours and his per
formance of to-day iudicates that in spite
of his advanced years, his white locks and
his wrinkles he has strength and a consti
tution that make him no mean opponent
in a long distance race.
Six years ago, when he was 70 years of
age, Theodorianitia won the championship
of Greece in the first Olympiad of modern
times on tbe newly rebuilt stadium at
Athens. lie entered against 300 competi
tors. The race was won by one Icanomo,
but the 70-year-old sprinter challenged the
winner, ran a mile with him again and
beat him, for which astonishing feat he
was presented with a crown of laurel.
Last week Tbeodorianitis took a walk to
San Jose and back. Now the remarkable
old Grecian contemplates a tour on foot
to Los Angeles and proposes to establish a
speed record for sticU a trip.
Tbeodorianitis first came to the United
States as a visitor to the World's Fair in
1890. In his own country he had won
much fame as a model for artists, bis sin
gularly classical ieatures rendering him of
great value to them.
At the World's Fair he posed for many
artists and delivered au address in Greek
that was afterward translated into English
and won much applause for him.
Tbe hearty old descendant of the race
that made Athens famous came to Califor
nia to pursue bis vocation at the Mid
winter Fair. His picture, painted in oils,
now hangs in the art gal.cry of the Fair
and also in the Mark Hopkins Art Insti
tute's rooms.
As a Grecian the visitor soon made the
acquaintance of C. Demetrek of Berkeley,
who is president of the Hellenic Mutual
Benevolent Society, and he is the guest of
the latter while staying in the university
town, his home at present being at 1334
Market street, San Francisco.
Nikolaos Ethernius Theodorianitis was
born in Theodoniania, Greece, in 1820.
His faiher was a captain in the Grecian
army. The boy spent some time with hiru
in active service during the Greco-Turkish
troubles of 1835. He first went to school
when 18 years of age, but later, when 34
years of age, entered the University of
Athens. He was helped in his coll-ge
days by tbe King of Greece, and in 1856
received his diploma, which he always
carries with him. After leaving college.
Tt.eoderianitiB studied law, and for a time
edited a weekly paper in Athens.
Straight, muscular and robust, he is the
picture of health and vi ality. He has the
appearance and bearing of a hardy
frontiersman, 40 years of age. His face,
tanned an.i brown, is apparently marked
by the furrows of age and not by the lines
oi dissipation. His large black eyes are
kind and gentle and serve as transparent
windows to his seemingly tender and
benign nature. Though dimmed slightly
through age, they sparkle with a gleam of
intelligence whenever the old man be
comes absorbed in a conversation. It
doesn't take much to start him, for he has
a word to say on every topic announced.
His fever of excitement is easily aroused,
and when he becomes interested he is like
a 16-year-old schoolboy railing at a base
ball umpire who bad given an unfair de
cision. A broad, high forehead indicates
a gooa intellect and a retentive memory.
But the most striking characteristic of
the aged Macedonian is his long hair
and his shaggy beard. His hair ia so
heavy and long that it is necessary to
keep it braided and tied in a knot on top
of his head, which be covers from the
outside wor d with a silk hat.
He took off his head covering during an
interview with The Call correspondent
to-day and exhibited a growth of capillary
substance twenty-two inches in length.
He had it braided into at least forty
strings which, when left to hang down his
back, resembled as many flaxen ropes.
His beard is almost entirely while and is
a simple mass of curls. Taking into ac-
count his whole visage, his well-developed
forehead, his wrinkled brow, his intelli
gent countenance, his aquiline nose, his
keen black eyes and his long flowing hair,
he bears every appearance of a historic
Grecian god.
In fact he has posed as Jupiter, Hermes
and Apollo, and his photographs bear
close resemblance to the originals in
marble.
As to his frame, he is an athlete in every
sense, and as he walks about the streets
his step is as light and free as a man who
has seen only two-score years. His well
developed chest and head and sut>plearms
and shoulder muscles would do credit to
many athletes of to-day. Standing only
5 feet 6 inches, his limbs are short and
stocky, but his running muscles, thoush
but little used for three years, are hard
and prominent.
FAIRIES AT THE TIVOLI
The Music of Humperdinck's
Great Opera Has Not
Bsen Overrated.
But the Children Left Much to Be
Desired — Many Musicians
Present.
A vast amount of preliminary puffing
as been heard about "Hansel and Gretel,"
which received its first San Francisco per
formance at the Tivoli last night. This
sort of thing generally Jeads to disappoint
ment, but in tne case of Humperdinck's
opera it must be stated at once that not a
word too much has been said in praise of
the beauty of the score.
As for the libretto, time only will show
whether it can appeal to American audi
ences. Children in this country are not
brought up on folk lore and legends.
When the wind howls and shrieks round
tbe home on a winter night they do not
shrink closer to tueir elders and tremble
for fear tho witches are riding past out
side on their broomsticks. They know
too much, even in their early childhood, to
seriously people the woods with elves and
hobgoblins, and as for a wicked old fairy
popping children into an oven, there is
not a witch in the whole of Grimm's gob
lins who could get up early enough to
get ahead of an American child.
In Germany, however, it is quite a dif
ferent tning. Folc lore and legends are
planted in the hearts of the children, and
when they are old they do not entirely
depart from t: era. The quaint idyl of
"Hansel and Gretel" therefore would
touch a responsive chord in the German
breast when the American audience
might awaken to the fact that there is a
ludicrous side to putting a prima donna
in a chicken-coop and seeing the contralto
careering around the stage on a broom
stick.
A great deal of course depends upon tne
performance in drawint? the line between
the sublime and ridiculous, and it must
be confessed that most of the singers last
night were utterly inadequat- to the re
quirements of the music. The orchestral
score is at least as he:ivy, if not heavier,
than that of "Cavallem Rusticana/'aud.a
considerably augmented orchestra ren
dered it, under the direction of Joseph
Hirschbach.
The young ladies who played the title
roles had weak little voice*, which would
be heard occasionally in the upper notes,
but for the most part their performance
might hare been gone through in panto
mime for all the benefit the audience de
rived from their singing. To criticize as
opera singers either Miss May Tunison or
Miss Ella Prankard would be absurd.
Miss Prankard, who played Gretel, was
considerably the better of the two, how
ever.
How much a dramatic interpretation
and singing help to carry "Hansel and
Gretel" was shown by the work of Miss
Matilda Wilde as the witch. This con
tralto has not only a fine dramatic voice,
but she acts with intensity, and when she
was on the stage the opera went with a
"go" which was sadly lacking in tne
scenes between the two children. Wil
liam West did very satisfactorily indeed
as the children's father, and though Miss
Gertrude Worth's acting was better than
her singing, she made a satisfactory Ger
trude.
The idyllic story of "Hansel and Gretel"
may not appeal to the beholder, but there
can be no two questi- ns about the music.
Even on a first hearing it i? easy to see
that it teems with melody. Sometimes
the tunes are positively rollicking, as in
the song with the "tra-la-la" refrain sung
by the tenor. At other times the themes
are intensely poetical and romantic. Two
of the most striking melodies are the
dance theme and the duet sung by the
children outside the witch's house.
In its treatment "Hansel and Gretel" is
essentially modern. The orchestra trans
cribes the action passing on tbe stage and
does it so simply and directly that a child
can understand, while a musician can de
light in the skill with wdich Humper
dinck has developed his themes. There
were a good many children among the
audience which filled the Tivoli last night
and most of them seemed to enter thor
oughly into the spirit of the work.
As to whether "Hansel and Gretel" be
a success here from a box-office standpoint
it is difficult to predict from one night's
performance. Probably, however, it will.
We owe the Tivoli a debt of gratitude
for giving us the work, but it is inexplica
ble after getting together such a bit; or
chestra and spending so much in mount
ing the opera that the management did
not see fit to prove better principals.
NOTED PRIEST DYING,
Rev. Augustin Hewit, Head of
the Paulist Fathers, Not Ex
pected to Live.
Opening of the Four Weeks' Mission
Held by the Redemptorist
Fathers.
The sad news reached the Paulist com
munity at St. Mary's Church yesterday
that the Right Rev. Augustin F. Hewit,
D.D., Superior General of the Paulist
Fathers, was lying dangerously ill at the
Paulist house in New York City. The
nature of the trouble was not given, but
Father Wiman of the local community
said last night that he momentarily ex
pected a telegram announcing the death
of their leader. The sick man has a na
tional reputation and is regarded as one
of the most eminent men in the American
Catholic Church.
There will be a valuable addition to the
Panlist community in this City within
the next fnw days in the person of Rev.
Ctiarles C. Powers, C. S. P., who has been
attached to the Paulist parish in New
York City. On the arrival of Father Pow
ers two of the brothers of St. Mary's will
be occupied continuously in the field of
missions, visiting in their own work every
section of tbe State.
The Redemptorist Fathers opened a
four weeks' mission at St. Joseph's
Church yesterday. Solemn high mass was
celebrated at 10 a. m., after which Father
Wiman preached the introductory sermon,
during which he took occasion to explain
tbe meaning of the mission and tbe man
ner in which it should be observed.
The principal object to be attained, ho
said, is renewed piety of the faithful and
extension of religion among all classes.
Instructions will also be given on com
mandments of God and church, and doc
trinal explanations of the articles of the
Apostles creed.
The mission is divided into four Darts,
as follows: First week for married
women, second weeK for single women,
third week for married men, fourth week
for single men. This division is made in
order that all people in the parish may
have an opportunity to attend. Morning
devotions during the mission will be held
at 5:30 and 9 a. m., with important in
structions after each. At 7:30 p. m. a
third mass will be celebrated. Confes
sions will be heard from 6 a. m. to noon,
from 3 to 6 in the afternoon and from 7 to
10 at night.
Payments Delinquent
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. 13.— Payments
on tbe supplemental assessments of $986 86,
for the opening of Buena Vista avenue,
became delinquent to-day and a 5 percent
penalty is now attached to the $419 07 of
the amount which is unpaid. The Perata
Brothers, whose assessment was $418 19,
were awarded $421 85 damages, so they re
ceived $3 76 in cash instead of paying
money out.
Services Uninterrupted.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Sept. 13.— Services
were held as usual in Christ's Episcopal
Church to-day, Rev. C. F. D. Miller, for
merly of Bakersfield, officiating.
Mr. Miller is residing in Oakland, but
will remove to this city this week with his
wife and remain until the successor of
Rev. Mr. Lane is chosen.
NEW TO-DAY.
•
In consider-
! ing a drink that will leave
• ■■■-■• rr'
no enervating effects, no evil
I results; that will be palatable,
easily made and strengthen-
ing to young and old alike,
;here can be nothing, nay
more, there never will be any-
thing so valuable as chocolate.
That is chocolate rightly made
| chocolate that comes to your
.! table pure and fresh.
There is a chocolate made
in Frisco — Ghirardelli's.
Your grocer gets it as he
needs it — fresh from the fac-
tory. It's original vim, "
and richness of flavor are all
there when it comes to you.
■ytf^^L Dr.jGfibfoon's Dispensary,
jL^!rfiO2;»KKAHXY.ST. Established
&/*] faffft I" 1 83 * for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
025 KKABXY HI. Established
, *" !»»■» lor the treatment of Private
Dlseiist's, Lost Manhood. Debility or
Wt^gw^a disease bodyand mind and
V^**HBiw4 Skin Diseases. The doctorcureswben
v S^5§Sl others fail. Try him. Charges low
!('nrf»(tnBran(crd. CallorwrtteJ
Or. J. V. « MSBOJi. Box 1057. 5 an i-rancSott!
910
REALTY MARKET REVIEW,
The Tax Pate for This Year
Has Not Yet Been De
termined.
A LIGHT BUILDING RECORD.
Active Renting Business Reported by
Brokers— The Mortgage
Tax Law.
Last week was an unusually light one, due
in a measure to the number of holidays.
There is no special change to be noted in the
market. There continues to be a moderate
demand for small properties for investment
purposes and several firms also report an in
quiry for lar?e properties, also for investment.
But as is usually the case when the market is
quiet and prices are low, intending purchas
ers are very particular and hard to suit. They
seem to be under the impression that under
existing conditions they should have every
thing their own way, and should practically
be allowed to dictate prices; but sellers are in
most instances loth to yield to the demands of
this class of buyers, and so brokers arp ex
pe'iencing, even with the present moderate
demand, unusual difficulties in effecting
deals.
The most discussed subject in real estate
circles during the week was, of course, the ar
bitrary and unjust action of the State Board
of Equalization in raising the assessment of
this City a straight 20 per cent. As this raise
applies,' of course, only to the assessment for
State taxes, it will not result in such a very
trreat additional burden to the residents of
San Francisco, an it will add but about 8 or 9
cents per hundred to the tax rate. But the
ran* injustice of the increase is without a
single mitigating excuse, and althoueh the
additional tax thus squeezed out of the tax
payers of this City is not in itself very large,
yet it will be paid under protest in every in
stance.
It must be borne in mind that the Board of
Supervisors has not yet definitely fixed the
tax rate, and they may find in the action of
the State Board of Equalization an excuse for
heaping up additional taxes for city purposes.
Perhaps before the rate is finally fixed it may
equal last year's rate of 2J£. If it does it will
be rather touch on the real estate market, for
the latter hits now its foil share of unfavor
able conditions to contend with.
There is apparently some active steps being
taken by some of the City improvement clubs
to create a sentiment adverse to the repeal of
the mortgage tax law.
So long as this law remains in force it will
be a barrier to the investment of outside capi
tal in this State in the shape of mortgage
loans. It matters not how many apparently
nlausible arguments may be advnnced in
favor of the retention of the mortgage tax law,
the fact cannot be gainsaid or controverted
successfully that the borrower under the mort
gage tax law pays the tf>x. It is perfectly ab
surd to assume that a party loaning money on
real estate is not going to make the rate of in
terest high enough to include the mortgage
tax. The lender will never underestimate the
probable tax, but will be much more likely to
overestimate it, in which case the borrower is
forced to pay a greater amount of taxes than
he would if he paid taxes upon his property
direct.
. If a capitalist or money-lender can be found
who is so much of a philanthropist that ho
will loan money on real estate in this city or
elsewhere in the State at rates that rule in
Eastern States where there is no mortgage-tax
law, and on top of this pay the mortgage-tax
law, he is an individual who will be greatly in
demand in California so long as the mortgage
tax law remains in force here. The foregoing
sentiments were uttered by a prominent real
estate man, who says that he foresees in the
defeat of the amendment repealing the mort
gage-tax law a menace to rapid progress in the
State's development by reason of the impedi
ment that the law places to an influx of foreign
capital to loan here at low rates on real estate
of all kinds.
Bank loans continue light in number and
amount. Private loans are being innde to a
considerable extent, while the builaing and
loan associations find a ready investment in
first-clnss loans for all the money at their
command.
Ar usual with the coming of the fal". season
there is a revival in the house-renting busi
ness, and all real-estate firms who give special
attention to renting are kept quite busy now.
Many landlords are bestirring themselves and
making needed repairs upon premises that
have in many instances remained unoccupied
for many mouths. As a resuit many "To Let"
Eigns have disappeared from houses where for
a while they bid fair to become a permanent
part of the premises. Desirably located houses
or flat", if kept in clean, habitable condition,
will not remain long untenanted if owners are
willing to accept a reasonable rent for their
property.
REVIEW OF THE EKCOEDB.
There were eighty deeds recorded during the
week.
The mortgages numbered fifty, amounting
to $119,581. There was but one for an amount
exceeding $10,000. It was by Caroline A.
Towne to William H. H. Hart, it being an ex
tension of a note for $21,000 made on January
25, 1894, by Hart to A. N. Towne, deceased,
on the two twenty-fifths interest or W. H. H.
Hart in the estate of the late Thomas H
Blythe.
The releases for the same period numbered
thirty-two, aggregating $188,598.
The principal ones were : From the German
Baiik to Solomon Heydenfeldt, $78,000 on the
following property: On the north line of
California, 50:5 west of Kearny, west 89 by
north 137:6; on the southeast corner of Beach
and Stockton, east 137:6 by south 137:6; on
the north line of Jackson, 60 west of Drumm
west 40 by south 120; on the northeast corner
of Stockton and Pacific, north 36:9, east 50
north 16, east 18, south 52:9, west 68;
on the Eoutneast corner of Sacra
men to and Leidesdorff, east 45, south
80, east 40, south 18:tJ, west 55, north
98:6, and on the southeast line of Folsora,
342:6 southwest of Third, southwest 150
southeast 90, northeast 110, southeast 79*
northeast 40, northwest 160; from the Hiber
nia Bank to C. Curtin, $29,000 on property in
100-vara block 393, on the west corner of Ste-
Venson and Sixth, northwest 30 by southwest
75. and on the northwest line of Stevenson
100 southwest of Sixth, southwest 25 by north
west 75, and from the German Bank to John
W. and Sarah A. Flinn, $15,500 on property at
the northwest corner of Bush and Jones west
35 by north 100.
Last week whs a light one in the matter of
building contracts. There were but eight filed
aggregating $18,302. '
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
Oscar Lewis and Martin O'Connell have
given a trust deed to the San Francisco Sav
ings Union for $29,544, conveying prot>erty at
the northwest corner of Chestnut and Kearny
streets, north 275 by west 137 :6.
The Maison Doree, which was for many
years one of the fashionable restaurants of the
City, has been leasad for five years to the
Standard Optical Company for $250 per
month. The store is being thoroughly remod
eled.
Jacob Heyman will in a few days commence
the erection of a five-room cottage on Crescent
avenue, near Mission street; also a similar
sized cottage on Lindley street, near Castro, in
the Fairmount Tract.
The old Sather Bank building on the north
east corner of Montgomery and Commercial
streets, which was formerly occupied by Leroy
G. Harvey, has been rented to Andrea Sbar
boro, the well-known secretary of many San
Francisco and Oakland building and loan so
cieties. He will take possession October 1
J. Cuneo has purchased the 50-vara lot at
the southeast corner of Powell and Union
streets, facing Washington square, with a
frontage of 20 feet on Montgomery avenue for
$20,000. Some of the buildings on the lot are
owned by f.ue lessee, who has occupied the
premises lor the ,iast twenty years.
A sale is reported of three lots on the east
side of Larkin street, between Jackson and
Washington, the price being $85 per front
foot.
The property lately sold at probate sale for
$21,000, located at the northwest corner of
Ellis and Hollis streets, between Buchanan
and Webster, size 90x125, is subject to an ad
vance bid, as the sale has not yet come up in
court for confirmation.
The lot 68:9x137:6 at the southwest corner
oi Pacific avenue and Pierce street has been
sold for $9000. It is situated considerably
above grade and the Pierce-street side is a
very steep hill.
Will E. Fisher & Co. report a busy week in
the retail department of their business. They
also report a good demand for Mission prop
erty for investment. They report for the week
the following sales: Two lots in the Presidio
Heights district on Jackson street for $2850
each; a lot 25x120 on Twenty-first avenue,
between Point Lobos avenue and Clement
.-treet, $650; 2 lots in their offering on Second
avenue, between Clement and California
streets, for $1000 each ; a lot 50x110 on Mis
sion street, near Thirtieth, for $6500, and lot
on Shotwell street, between Seventeenth and
Eighteenth, for $1375.
Bitten on the None.
The Stevenson family at 222 Willow avenue
own a fine dog of the Great Dane species. It is
only five months old, but is very large for its
age. Yesterday morning Artie Stevenson, 6
years of age, amused himself by blowing his
breath inio the dog's ear. He bore It patiently
for awhile, but finally got mad and took a
bite at Artie's nose. The boy was taken to the
Receiving Hospital and Dr. Bunnell dressed
the wound.
PACIFIC CRICKETERS WIN.
They Easily Defeat the California* at
Golden Gate.
The one Hunter-Harrison cup cricket
match played yesterday was between the
Pacific and California clubs at Golden
Gate. It was a very one-sided affair, re
sulting in a win for the Pacifies by 189
runs on the first innings, the call of time
only preventing an innings defeat. •
The Pacifies lost the toss and were put
in. Richardson, who went to bat at the
tail of the first wicket, soon put up a cen
tury and retired. He left at the wick«t
Myers, who carried his bat for another
three-figure innings. When three wickets
had fallen, the telegraph registering 246
runs, Captain George Theobald mercifully
called the innings.
The California^ could do nothing against
the bowling of Casidy and Dickinson.
Gellatly, Shroeder and Brooks were tne
only men that made any stand at all, and
the whole side was dismissed for a paltry
fifty-seven. Following on, to play out
time, the vanquished side about equaled
their first attempt, though at the expense
of but six wickets. The game does not
affect the standing of either club. Fol
lowing are the full scores:
PACIFIC*.
G. B. Wise c. sub b. Banner 8
J. Myers not out 100
H. Richardson retired 105
Y. well not out ". 22
E. F. Musson c. Kcanian b. Sollum 0
C. B. Hill i. solium 1
•R. C. Cassidy did not bat 0
A. Dickinson did not bat 0
J. H. Harbour did not bat... 0
T. J. A. Tiedeinan did not bat 0
G. Theobald did not bat 0
I Extras 10
Total 216
Bowling analysts:
Bulls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets.
Sollum 120 93 1 2
Brooks 23 12 0 0
Banner 132 86 0 1
Gellatly 42 45 0 0
CALIFORNIA^— FIRST INNINGS.
P. D. Gellatly b. Casidy..... 11
V. Sollum b. Dickinson 5
J. B. Brooks c. Tiedemann b. Casidy 9
L. Schroeder b. Dickinson 12
O. Van Norden h. casidy ......r 3
J. Suldler c Myers b. Casidy 0
P. Scan lan b. Dickinson ; 0
C. Bonner b. Dickinson 2
J. Culvert c. and b. Ciisidy 3
G. Dinan b. Dickinson 0
H. H. Cookson, not out 0 I
Extras 12
Total 67
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Buns. Maidens. Wickets.
Casidy 67 25 1 5
Dickinson 66 21 4 5
CAI.IFOKNIAB— innings.
Cookson c. Casidy b. Harbour 10
vert c. Casidy b Harbour 0
j Van Norden c. Sewell V. Harbour. 6
i Schroeclerc. Hill b. Harbour 3
j Sollum not out 19
I) I nan c. Sewell b. Harbour 0
Shideler c. Dickinson b. Harbour 4
l-eliatly not 0ut.... 11
I Brooks did not bat ...; 0
i f-eanlmi did not bat. 0
Banner did not bat ; 0
Extras. 1
Total 54
Bowling analysis:
Balls. Bans. Maidens. Wickets.
Hill 66 25 -1-- 0
Harbour 60 28 0 6
MILLIONS IN MEXICO,
Gold, Silver and Valuables to
Be Had for the
Taking.
J. Arnott Possesses the Secret, and Is
Looking for an Inquirer
With Cash.
Three million five hundred thousand
dollars in glittering gold, silver and valu
ables lie patiently waiting to be discovered
in a convenient nook of Mexico, and J.
Arnott of 1007 Church street knows how
this seductive little sum can be secured.
In the mimes- of his heart Arnott is ready
and willing to dispose of an eighth interest
in this convenient secret for $2000, which
the most rudimentary knowledge of
mathematics will show is a great bargain.
Arnott, or rather Arnott' s wife, with his
authority, caused this glittering offer to
be published in the agate columns of
a morning paper, and yesterday they took
a day off to answer inquiries.
The treasure to which Arnott claims the
open sesame is said to have been disclosed
by the confessions of Father Vedga of
Madrid. Just why Father Vedga should
have confessed or how he camo possessed
of the knowledge of the whereabouts of
J3.500.000 in "gold, silver and valuables' 1
Arnott refuses to suy. He dtciares. how
ever, that the treasure is not cash. Pre
sumably it consists of church ornaments,
in which the early churches of Mexico are
said to be very rich.
Arnott does not talk readily in regard
to nis valuable secret. He is possessed
of ideas as to the character of inter
esting news, which he readily imparted
to the reporter, bat on the subject of Mex
ican treasure he was dumb. His wife,
however, stated that they were acting only
on behalf of parties in "Mexico. Arnoit,
however, says he is going down to look for
treasure. At present, however, he is look
ing for "parties having the required $2000
and meaning busines."
Arnott says this scheme is no "fake "
and he says he knows.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A W Walter. N V Mrs R Johnson, Sacto
J Trayner. Marysville T G Tugnin Aw, Cal
Mi«s Tugnin, i al MissC Aiiistin, Chlcairo
P P Austin, fan Jose G Newcomb, ( hicaxo
O shroup. Cal B Morse, Riverside
A C Green, Los Angeles H Petray, Llvermore
F Owens <fe w, Los Augls C HHydock, San .lose
E A Prebb, Cal H Kerchnal. Courtland
R T Heath, Fresno Mrs R Brownlee. Napa
N A 'loppcr, Denver H John«ton, Sta Barbara
II A J ustro. Kakersfiold C N Copwell, Chicago
G W Reynolds, Newport II G Larey, Haniord
J C Tlce. Hanford J F Clapp, Chica-o
W J Jones, Valley Ford F Eaton, Cal
A M Clay, Cal J A Northeway, Nev
C T Chandler, Oregon M Grismore A w, Cal
J E Serwe, H V F Rlgaud, Paris
M J Bocgl, Colusa A H 1.-rael, fhlco
J Knrignt, Redding F Bartlett, Llvermore
G Kroecke! «fe w. Cal W B Deiiew, Sanger
G E Grosse, Santa Rosa W \V Emery, Am? Camp
E A Beuclc, Jos Ang A V Laiiuue, Cal
M Marks, Oroville A T Bluelotv, Nev Cltv
\VA Wortblngton, Ca! P Tognaginl. Guayma*
LICK HOUSE.
F Chester, DownlevtUe A J smith, Stockton
G P Hill <t w, Boston J Loom Is A w, Auburn
J P Myers, Vallejo P J Vincent, Hakersfleld
L Woodward, Sta Rosa D N Mannon, Stockton
W X Warren, Sacto Mrs A Oilmore, souora
W G Gayson. Salem H C Mannon A f, Cal
E Davidson A f. Cal E Gardner, N V
L s Shaw, Tulare Miss P .Shaw, Tulare
H C Armstrong, Colo a C Shattuck «fc f, Ohio
A E Wilder, san Jose Miss G Wilder, San Jose
Miss M Wilder. San Jose H E Howard. Visalia
W B Baineg. Coos Bay M B Singleton. Walla W
H 8 Shanip, .Napa I M Miller, Fresno
N Rosen thai, Madera J Crowell, Corona
Mrs I J sears. La Honda M I Baldwin, Hoodbrldge
T G Yancey, Newman W H Hatton, Modesto
X H Daggett, Vi.salU L Russell. Saratoga
S X Canfield, Sati Jose W H Hewitt, fcacto
F R Berringer, Cal
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
F Cassidy. Sacrameuto J Fitzpatrick. Sacto
J T Camoron, Livingston Q J Cummings, Stockton
W Beal, Oakdale W Horstman, Temnl'ton
J Clausen, Paso Robles W R Sawers. San Diego
S F vVickburg. Los Ang M Douglass, Oakdale
C A Bishop, Spokane V S Smith, Portland
J L Leonard, NY A J Bailey, Ontario
E J Russell <ft w, Plnsbrg R a Curtin, Stockton
C Dcs Corniers Aw, Cal T E Price, Sonora
A P Moore, Sonora W O Rayburn, Illinois
A M Zieht, Chicago J Carey A w, Madera
M Sale, Astoria M Baker, Sonora
F McCormack. Sonora H Macy, Los Angeles
R N Palmer, Portland W Skallth, N V
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W D Wood A w, Detroit Miss Wood, Detroit
J X Ewing. Sun Jose G Ernst, Nev
T Longmore, Hopland C X Cary, Lodi
J L Moore, Stockton G Mason A w. Oakland
Miss A Rled, Oakland Miss B Hied, Oakland
H Lachman, Alaineda F R Devlin. Vallejo
F Brew, Vfllejo X W Kills, Oakland
M Friedlander, Oakland H H Hess. N V
Miss L Ward, 8 Host KJ R Aden, Vallejo
J W Dall, (. hicago Mrs X de Gutuner, Los A
W A Doran, « Marcus H A Marsh. Arcata
E M Snafer, Chicago G E Mazulre, Stociuon
B Fleischer, ft Vista D R Oliver, Stockton
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss G Allen, Auburn Mrs C C Currie, Stockton
D Earl, Calaver.il G i.ovejoy. Ukiah
J O'Connor, Los Angeles P Peterson. Alverado
Miss A Skow, Alvarado J E Perdue, Sacramento
P Johnson, summerville J Phoenix, Stockton
X Suttune, Beziicia G P Brady, Oakland
F M Bodeo. Denver N P Shaw, Chicago
G L .Mart olio, Los Ang Miss M I Baker, Los Ang
H W Yarde, Chicago F P Wilson. Chicago
N L -Übcr, Salt Lake W Little, Salt Lake
Miss H Skow, Alvarado P Peterson. Alvarado
E Field, Angels Camp C H Biayton. Tacoma
Mrs L Carry <fc eh, Great W Forman, Portland
Falls H Davis, Aia
A R shippey, Ala Miss II B Kiuner, Battle
Mrs McKay &n, Ang Cp Creek
Mrs E C Rice <fc mother, Mrs A B Kinner, Battle
Angels Camp Creek
PALACE HOTEL.
F E Sharkey, NY H G Stevenson. Menlo P
A D Whitt»ker, Phil*. Mrs C S TocYj, Texas
F Francis. England Mrs 11 G stevsn, Menlo P
H May, Wash DC CD Hebard. Buffalo
T F Burndorff. CBF S I'll man. New York
J M Jeweft, Chicago J L Hunt, Queensland
E-8 W llianis, Portland W A Main, Portland
A R Thompson, Cala T X Ackerman, Yreka
Mrs Ackerman, Yreka S Clanerle, California
S G Anthony, Denver Mrs A nthony, Denver
PL Shumau, Chicago is Hirscbfeld, Cincinnati
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call/—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock everr
■ignt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— B3O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street* mptm
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, op-n until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS*.
KING SOLOMON LODGE NO. •
•S^ 6^ 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and JV
Stelnersts.— CHlled meeting THIS (MON-^TJf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second/^r>
degree. By order of the master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
fJ^aS 1 * OCCIDENTAL LODGE NO. 22, F. •
I*3? and A. M. Called meeting THIS_«*
(M NDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. lS. 2?
First degree. By order of the W. M. /^^S
EDWIN F. DKIGER. Secy.
, SPECIAL NOTICES.
||pEiS=~DR!~IL f. JO^TE^r^OCUITnVT 1 AND
at^*^ auri»t, just returned from European hospi-
tals, has resumed practice. 222 Post Tel. Grant 101.
Br^B=« BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
■»- i7 collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Mont?y at. room 6. TeL 6680.
■^55= BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK,
***& Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st
jFtk=»~dr! ALBKRT a rams ■ has re-
: -* F moved his offices to 784 Geary st
KS> GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDER;
»-*^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
«P3?» DR. T. F. BRENNAN REMOVED TO
*~-* ? Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
r> DR. G. E. SI SSI)' iHFF HAS REMOVED
»~-^ his offices to 22i/j Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
JKSp^IviDKND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO^
*^^ 35 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
Hutchlnson Sugar Plantation Co. will ie payable
a: the office of the company, 327 Market street,
on ana after -Monday, September 21, 1896.
Transfer-books will close Tuesday, September 15,
1896. at 3 o'clock p. it.
K. 11. SHELDON. Secretary.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
T ADIES bVqUIBING good, COMPETENT
-Li and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to J. F.
CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter st
T ADIKS REQUIRING GOOD. COMPETENT
XJ and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on short notice by calling or sending to C R.
HANHEN &CO., 110 Geary st
COMPETENT COOKS, LAUNDRESSES. BKC-
\J ond gins, nurses and girls for housework; aUo
girls to assist with children ami housework, can
be secured a: C. R. HANSEN A CO.'s, 110 Geary.
THIRST-CLASS HOTEL, HOARD NG-UOt'»K
X 1 and restaurant help supplied on short notice, at
C. R. HANSKN A CO.'s. 110 Geary. >^
/"COMPETENT FRENCH NURSE AND SEAM-
\J stress desires situation, or as chambermaid and
waitress; best reference; city or country. MISS
CULLKN', 323 Suiter st
a waiting ions-cooks, cham-
iv bermaids and girls for housework. MRS.
HIBU, 721 Ellis st.
T THE SWEDISH AND GERMAN EM-
ployment 1 ureau a number of first-class gir.s
awaiting situations. 315 Sutter st
ROWS GIRL WHO THOROUGHLY UN-
derstands housework would like a home and
small compensation for services where she cau at-
tend grammar school ; Mission preferred. Address
W., box 29, Call Office. — .- . *
IDOW, MIDDLE-AGED. WITH ONE GIRL
16 years of age, wants position as working
housekeeper in country: widower or bachelor:
understands farm work. Call or write 21 Seventh,
T?iXPERIENCED INFANT NURSE WISHES
Xj situation to take full charge of a baby, wages
525 to $30; also a nurse or upstairs girl, $20 to
$25. 8 Kissling s .. off Eleventh.
RESSMAKER, FIRST- CLASS REFER-
ences: rapid worker: pert fitter: wishes en-
gagements by the day : terms si 60. Call or ad-
dress 12051/3 Devisadero st.
A' OUNU, RKFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
X widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market st, room 19, second floor.
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
Protestant girl in American family; good cook;
city references. 711 Polk st.
YOUNG GIRL DESIRES SITUATION AS
X chambermaid; hotel or lodging-bouse. L- box
21. Call Office.
YV OMAN DESIRES WORK BY THE DAY OR
»" hour, washing, scrubbing, kitchen cleaning,
etc. 873V^ Market st.
"TiRESSMAKKR AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
XJ fitter; sews; 50 cents a day. M. M., 213 Lang-
ton st, first floor.
\\ IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN D&
1»1 slrej a position to do general housework or
housekeeping; no objection 10 city or country. 517
Howard st.
GERMAN WISHES A POSITION TO DOGEN-
VJ eral housework and cooking; no objection to
country. 611 Natoma st, near Seventh.
pERMAN WOMAN WANTS WASHING,
VT ironing and housecleaning; 65c per halt day.
Address Laundress, 812 Jessie st, rear 2d floor.
ITU ATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH
woman, with a little girl, as cook or house-
keeper; city or country. 989 Howard st
OMAN WANTS WORK BY THE .DAY TO
do washing or ironing. Apply 411 1 oik st,
near McAllister. ■
TJESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WORK
XV by the day: washing, Ironing or housecleaning.
Apply 5 32% Linden aye.
OMAN WITH A CHILD DESIRES A SlTU-
atlon to do general housework; good cook;
city or country. 2*l Minna st
EURBT-CLASS SHORT-ORDER COOK, ALSO
E good dinner cook, desires a situation; city or
country. 246 Fourth st. room 5.
ELIABLE WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
It the day washing or hoasecleaniug. X., box
160, this office. ,
ITROXO GERMAN GIRL WASTis ANY
O kind of work by the day: postals answered
immediately. 1065 a Howard at.
/ IOMI'ETENT SWEDISH GIRL WANTS .>IT-
V- uation to do general housework; reference-
wages $20. • Apply 669 Stevenson s..
YOUNG COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS
X work by the day, washing, ironing or house-
cleaning. 419 Natoma st. rear.
POSITION WANTED— BY MANAGING
X housekeeper with fifteen years' experience
Address M. 11., box 20, Call Office.
/"COMPETENT, TRUSTWORTHY WOMAN
\J wishes to do washing, ironing, cooking or
housecleaning by the day; best references clven
MR*. CURTIS, 3367 Twenty-sixth st., ur. Mission.'
ANTED— BY RESPECTABLE GIRL SITI~
• > ation as second girl or chambermaid. Call at
452% Tenth st.
W ANTED- POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
»» or companion, or both combined, by a thor-
oughly capable and accomplished young widow-
references exchanged. Address Mrs (j r>'
HARRIS, 412 East Fifty-seventh st, New York
City.
EXPERIENCED ENGLISH NURSri DESIRES
XU a position; full charge of infant or young
child; good references; Prot slant Address
English Nurse, box 87, ail Ofllce.
T/IRST-CLASS COOK (JUST ARRIVED FROM
X the East) wishes a situation In a Private house.
123 Cook st, off Point Lobos aye. ■
RELIABLE COMPANION AND NURSE TO
Xt invalid lady wishes a situation; ■ ood seam-
? r Ti5 D o«u 5 1?,5 WUn llKnl housework. MRS.
KELLY, 23^ Sliver st; call Tuesday.
UK LI ABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
22" v " 12U' 11 CaU 17 Third "•■ room
M IDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A PLACE AS
I^l housekeeper or care of children: speaks
French and English. Call or address 3036 Minna
st; call after ■■■tin. lay.
V*/' ANTED— A: FINE FAMILY WASH TO
" take home, by first-class laundress; Al refer-
ences.. Answer 10 X, box 47, Call office. •:-;
DRESSMAKER, FIRST - CLASS, • WOULD
716Larkin*s£ ementBb> " « d ay ; city or country.
EXPECTABLE GERMAN. WOMAN DE-
Xt sires a position to do housework and plain
cooking, or mind a baby. Address 161 Second st.
W A NTED-POSITION r AS COOK IN BOARD-
" Ing-house or hotel: a years' experience: Is flrst-
class baker. Address M. 8.. box 92, this office.
\K' IDOW WITH NO'INCUMBRANCES WISH-
» » es position as working housekeeper, country
prefeTed : good home more an object than com-
pensation. ', Call after 2, 1 27 Turk st •
COMPETENT RKFINED OiRLs, 1. GER-
man, would like positions either as housekeeper,
general housework or second work and waiting-
good references. Please write to E. X., 1015 a Post
St.; no postals.
SITUATIONS WAN TED-Contlnued l.
C"1 ERMAN WOMAN WANTS HOUSECLE\N-
T ing by the day. Call or address MRS. HlLs,
148 sixth st., room 91.
0 COMPETENT COLORED GIRLS WISH SlT-
ti nations, one as cook and other as chambermaid
and laundress: city references. Call or address
623 Ellis street. .
C COMPETENT COLORED GIRL WANTS
\J ■ lace to do general housework, call or address
722 Bush sU
T\TlboW WITH A CHILD 6 YEARS OLD
'»■ wants situation as housekeeper for widower
with children. Address W. W., box 147, Call.
GERMAN WOMAN WISHES POBITXON AS
housekeeper in widower's family: under-
stands care of house and cooking: good reference.
Address G. W., box 108, Call Office.
WORK BY THE DAY WANTED BY EX-
»» perlenced woman washing. Ironing and house-
cleanlnz. 315 Stockton st ■
T.-'IRST-CLASS COOK DEBIRBS POSITION
X as cook In gentlemen's private club. Address
F. b., 813 Bush st. "
T ADY, IN REDUCED CIRCUMSTANCES IS
Xj desirous of obtaining a position as house-
keeper; will do sewing or mending or work of any
kind. 821 Mission st.; room 3.
RESSMAKEE. EXQUISITE CUTTER AND
fitter, will goto families; $1 60 per day; first-
class skirt, waist and sleeve makers furnished to
shops. Call at McDOWELL Dressmaking Acad-
eniy, 636 MarKet st, opp. Palace HoreL
ERMAN LADY WISHES SITUATION
vX with dressmaker: Is good sewer. 824 Capp st
Y OUNO GIRL WISHES A POSITION AS
X stenographer and assist with bookkeeping.
Address A. E. L, 1042 shotwell st.
YOUNG WOMAN WISHES SITU AT lON AS
X housekeeper or any other light work. Call or
address 116 Hlxth st room 2.
G1 IRL, JUSTFROM ENGLAND, NOT AFRAID
T to work, wishes a place to do general house-
work: good plain cook. 125 Taylor st.
SIT UATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
refined widow; would like a position asJious^-
keeper: understands the care of a house and cook-
ing thoroughly: widow's family preferred; good
reference if required. Address or call 430 Fulton
st. , in rear.
YOUNG LADY FROM THE EAST WOULD
X like a situation cm general housekeeper: city or
country. Apply 223 Post st, room 2.
YOUNG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
X housekeeper; Is A 1 cook. 838 Mission, rm. 6.
rpHORoUGHLY COMPETENT, NEAT GKR-
. X man girl wishes situation for housework aud
cooking; good cook; first-class reference. G., box
7.Ca 1 Office, Oakland. • -
EFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSl-
tion as companion, care of children, invalid,
or would do UDstalrs work: references. Call or ad-
dress A. B. C, 302 Vac Ness aye.
13EFIKED WIDOW WOULD -LIKK POSI-
XV tion as working housekeeper in lodging house
or widower's lamlly. Room 13, 1 Fifth st. \
lmiench WOMAN WISHES WORK BY the
X day; general housework and sewing at home,
e'c. Address or call M. HERTIN. 1712 Duponu
\l IDDLE-AGED AMERICAN WIDOW
-'J wishes situation as chambermaid, working
housekeeper or companion; Is experienced; good
references. Address, or call between 12 and 2, 108
1 aylor st, room 1.
T ADY WANTS POSITION AS HOUSE-
J J Keeper for widow. 223 Post st, room 1. ; ./. , -
RKFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
situation; loves children: talks English and
some French; references. L. G., box 119, Call
GENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market
YY INCUE3TER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. KB.
it Market; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
fl 60 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree bus ana bagginr* to and from the lerrr. ■
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
CR. HANSEN~A~Co!r'TrO^GEA'RY^ ST^
. furnish on short notice all kinds of hotel, res-
taurant, coffee-bouse, farm, dairy, orchard and
vineyard help, mechanics and skilled and un-
skilled labor for all kinds of work; telephone,
grant 185.
HUNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb st, below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; teL main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
HINJSSJS AND JAPANESE RKLIABLK
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY ACO., 640 Clay.
CHINKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
office: best help. 414% O'Farrell: teL K. 424
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
O best help. 314b Sutter st. ; tel. Grant 30.
SITUATION WANTED FORA FIRST-CLASS
cook, German, in restaurant or lunchhouse;
best of references. S. P.. box 161, Call Office.
BOY OF 15 YEARS OK AGE DESIRES A
good situation. Address D., box 164. Call.
XPKIIIKNCED AND GRADUATED PHAR-
macist wishes to do relief work; best refer-
ences. Address Drugs, box 109, Call Office.
ACHINI.-T AND ENGINEER WANTS A
i»l situation; city or country. Address M. E.,
box 16, Call Office.
ANTED — POSITION AS MECHANICAL
engineer; 20 years' experience; first-class
license. Call or address 566 Howard st
OSITION AH SURVEYOR. ASS.IAYER AND
X bookkeeper for a mining company in Califor-
nia or elsewhere by a man of experience; satis-
factory references given. Address surveyor, box
28. Call office.
ITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
wife with 2 children, one 3 years, other 1 yiar
old: man can do plain blacksmith work; is handy
with tools, also about place and farm; wife is a
good cook and housekeeper; man would like situ-
ation as cboremaa or lake charge of smalt ranch,
or do any kind of work where woman can cook
for a few men: will work for small wages on steady
place. Address G. H. YOUNG, 715 Howard st.,
room 135.
THIRST-CLASS TRAVELING SALESMAN;
x speaks four languages; at present representing
prominent wholesale house; wishes to make a
change; wholesale cigars or wines and liquors;
only first-class 1 onses desired; highest references.
Address A. 8., box 85, Call Office. :■> .■ -
TUDENT IN MECHANICAL DRAWING
O wants work in a draught! to gain prac-
tical experience: pay no object. Address C. a,
710 O'Farrell st, S. F. '
p ARDEKKR OF LONG EXPERIENCE;
Ur thoroughly understands greenhouse, rose-
house, flower-garden, budding, grafting, propaga-
ting, truit, vegetables; best ot references. L. X.,
box 69. Call Office.
OSITION WANTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
by steady, reliable, young German: understands
care or horsed, garden and general work; Is willing
and obliging; flrsi-class references. Address S. G..
box 128, Call Office.
ANDY JAPANKSE GARDENER WANTS
situntlon to take care of horses and cows; can
drive buggy and do all kinds of outside work:
reference. Address H. M. SUZUKUWA, 113
Church st.
■L^IliST-CLASS JAPANESE COOK DESIRES
X place In private family in this city. FRANK
C N., 22 Prospect place.
(MJOJ) CAIU'KNTKR, ACTIVE, SOBER AND
*» reliable, wishes situation with proper
owner, or work in any useful capacity. Address
C H., box 112. Call office. *■»*-.
AKEU— A RELIABLE MAN WISHES A
situation. Call or address 726 Mission street
T^XPERIENC-.D CLERK WITH BEST RKF-
xj erences wishes situation In some line; nominal
salary expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st
SITUATION WANTED FOR A first-class
carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
W"INCHKSTER~HOUSK,~4T"'raiRD 1 A R
*» Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 23c to $1 50 per. night: $160 to $6 per
week: Iree bns and baggage to and from the ferry.
CIOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
V engineer mid machinist desires position. Ad-
dreas Engineer. Ilb9 Market sU. S. F., Cal. .
Wi^ CUESTEtt HOUSE.. 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: *1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus v.'-A bagga-e to »nd from the ferry.
• FEMALE HELP WANTED.
T\rANTED-4 WAITRESSES AND CHAM-
" bermaids In hotels and restaurant. $20: Prot-
estant cook, no wash, S3O: 2 Pro. e<>laiit second
girls, $20; 2 laundresses and chambermaids, $v:0
and $25: 3 cooks, German style, $25, and a large
number of girls for all kinds of work in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT A CO., 316 Sutter st.
ANTED— FRENCH COOK, COUNTRY, $25;
♦' Protestant laundress and chamberwork, 825;
waitress and parlormaid. $25: German nursery
governess, $26; German cook, $35; •vaitr.-s*, $20;
chambermaid and seamstress, $20: Scandinavian
girl, country, $20 to $25; French nurse, $20.
LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton st.
T/ RKNCH 'SEAMSTRESS, $26;. LAUNDRESS,
X $25: housework: girl Independence, $.5;
Healdsburg, $.5; .San Jose, $25; Alameda, $25:
Oakland. SzO; Frultvale, $20: 12 housework girls.
city, $20 and 826: 8 young girls, assist. $10 toSIS.
MISS CULLEN, 323 flutter st.
GERMAN SECOND GIRL, SAN JOSE, $20.
MISS CULLKN. 323 Sutter st.
A NEAT, REFINE^ GIRL. LIGHT HOUSE-
work, $16. MISS CULLEX, 32a Sutter st.
i OTESTANT SECOND GIRL AND SEW;
X $ .O. MISS CULLKN, 323 Sntter st. -
pHAMBERMAID; $15. MISS CULLEN, 323
\J Sutter st , ....
"VTEAT SECOND GIRL, $25: 2 WAITRESSES,
XI $20 each; German nurse, $20, city; nurse and
seamstress, Oakland, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st . , ■ . -..-•■.
WANTED— GERMAN- OR SWEDISH GIRL
'» for housework; 2 in family: no washing; $15.
C R. HA.NSKN A CO., 110 Geary st
WANTKD— W UTRESSES, HOTKL, COUN-
try. $20: chambermaid and waitress, board-
ing-bouse, $18. Girls wanting work In ■ private
families or hotels can secure first-class places at
C. R. HANSKN A CO. 'B, 110 Geary m.
WANTED- 50 WOMEN AND GIRLS FOR
»» situations of all kinds at MURRAY A
REAYD'S, Leading Employment Agents, 634-
-636 Clay st -
O GIKLS, SAME COUNTRY HOTELS, ONE AS
— waitress, other chambermaid; fl6 each: fare
paid. MURRAY A READY. Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
SECOND GIRL; LIGHT PLACE; COUNTRY;
$16, fare paid. MURRAY A READY. Lead-
Ing Employment Agents. 634 and . 636 Clay st.
R-. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished ; tel. Mint 804
HELP WANTED— Continued.
PHa3ibe"r^4aid~Xnld~uo~some waiting,
\J $18 and room: waitress, $15 and room: wait-
ress, $20 and room; middle-aged woman to assist
ln small boarding-house, $15 and room; c00k, 535
and room; girl for >cott St.. S4 a week; nurseglrl,
$18: girl for Alameda, $20; girl for Decoto, fare
paid, $16: girl for Union st, $18; 11 girls, $16;
is young girls, $8, $10 and $12 per month, to
assist, etc., ln nice families. MARTIN'S, 749
Market st.
COOKS. $25 AND $30; 3 NURSEGIRLS. 112
ana $15; German second girl, $20: 10 girls for
housework. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis st
3HOUSEGIRLS, OAKLAND, $26 AND $30:
girt, San Jose, small family, $20: middle-aged
woman, country, $20; Swedish houseciri, city,
$25; nurseglrl,s2o; second girl. $20; 8 housegirla,
$16 and $20. MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutter st.
VV r ANTED— A MIDDLK-AGED GERMAN
" woman to take care of a lady during confine-
ment: sleep at home. D-, box 82, this ofllce.
GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF INFANT AND
sew; reference required: wages $20. Apply
2930 Sacramemo st, bet 11 and 2 o'clock.
YV'ANTEr)— GERMAN GIRL TO DO LIGHT
' » upstairs work aud wait on a lady; references;
9to 12. 2110 California at
YOUNG GIRL; COOKING; HOUSE-
I work; small family; Berkeley. Apply 632
Market st, room 6.
ANTED— COMPETENT GIRL FOR COOK-
ing and housework. 1151 Octavia st., bet
i His and Kddv .
IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
small famUy; wages $10. MRS. DAVIS,
1702Va Post st.
(COMPETENT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
i work. 937 Fourteenth st., bet. Noe and Cas-
tro: $15.
■yoUNG GIRL FOR PLAIN COOKING AND
X housework; wages $15; references. 1633
Geary st.
WAN I ED— GIBL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
" work: small family: call 9 to 12. 2711 La-
guna st
YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
X work; family of 2; wages $10 to $12. 1534
Devisadero st
"VIEAT GIRL FOR HOUSEKEEPING AND
-i-i care of children. 1001 McAllister st
ITIRST-CLA^STAILORESS. APPLY EARLY
x 667 Maraet at
WANTED— WOMAN FOR WASHING. 1151
Octavia st. bet. Kills and Eddy.
/> ERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN GIRL FOR
VJ general housework. Inquire 29 Bartlett st.
VV A SrKD — A WOMAN FOR GENERAL
''housework. Apply at 28 South Park.
GIRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK;
sleep home. 812 Taylor st
WANTED— RESPECTABLE YOUNG PRO-
testant girl to assist: wages $10. 1723 Poatst.
GIRL, GENERAL HOUSEWORK; SMALL
family; $12 to $16. 1522 Webster st
JEWISH OR GERMAN GIRL: GENERAL
housework, assist cooking. 622 Golden Gate.
T>ROTESTANT WOMAN WANTED TO DO
X general housework. 1111 Scott st
A GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK. 1720 SACRA-
meato st. ; call after 9.
VOUXG GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X tiousework: small family. Apply 1309 a Hayes.
WA.XTKD-yol'NO WOMAN AS CHAMBER-
" maid. Apply 8 Mason st
IRL 14 YKARS OLD AS COMPANION FOR
elderly lady. 63 Natoma st •
\\r A N T E O— RESTAURANT WAITRESS.
TT 1403 Valencia st
GOOD FINISHSRS ON CUSTOM PANTS.
9231/fe Folsom st
VY* ANTKD- WAITRESS; SMALL RESTAU-
'» rant: $15 a month. 210 1 ownsend st
A PPREN 11CE GIRL ? WANTED ON COATS.
-TV 106 Battery st.
IRL TO TKND BABY. APPLY AFTjfiR
6 p. M. at 43 Klch st
rPAILoRESS ON BLTTONHOLES AND FIN-
-1 Ish Ing. Call Immediately 1243 Folsom st
GIRL ABOUT 17: UPSTAIRS WORK, CARE
of children. 114 Powell st. after 9.
MONDAY. FOUR GIRLS, GENERAL HOUSE-
woric. 996 Market st.
VTKAT GERMAN GIRL, CHILD'S NURSE;
1> $20. 995 Market st
W ANTED— YOUNG GIRL ABOUT 16 YKARS
" of age for general housework; 2 in family.
Apply Monday morning bet. 10 and 12 at 2911
Folsom st.
LUNISHKRS ON COATS; GOOD WAGES;
X steady job. SkLIG BROS., 108 Battery st.
rPAILORE&S— FINISHER ON FINE PANTS;
1 one that oan operate. Rear of 24 Moss st. near
Seventh.
\ OUNG GIRL TO LEARN TAILOR TRADE.
X CaU after 9 a. m.. 616 Geary st.
ANTED— MAS AND WIFE TO TAKE
charge of local branch. C. R. S., box 8, Call.
OOD FINISSHEK ON C U ST O M~ COATS;
also experienced apprentice. 942 Folsom st
W ANTED— PUPILS FOR BKST MILLINERY
'» scnool in city; teacher of 10 years' experience;
large class now forming for fall work: large work-
room ; references given. 410 Leavenworth st.
J-»ir&t-class~t"ailoress wanted, ap-
ply BOWHAY, 604 Sutter st
COMPETENT "SKIRTMAKER WANTED-
\J none other need apply ; wages $10 to $15 per
week. 604 Sutter st.
AIJIKSTO LEARN H AIRDRESSING. MAS-
icurinv, beauty culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post st
HAIR-UUKSSING: MANICURING LEmsoNS
given Mias DOYLE. 212 Powell st, 105 9th.
YY ANTED— ONLY A FIRST-CLASS OPE^
»» rator on corseti; high wages; Singer sewln?-
machine used; run by electric nower. 1388 Market
DRKSSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
for families: waist und skirt hands for shops;
positions free. McDOWKLL'S school, 636 Market
AIRDRESSSINO. 260 AND 36c: MUKNIMi
and eve classes; 101eg*ons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
f>LYNN'B DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
days free; 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RKSPECTABLK;
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms: 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $3
MALE HELP WANTED.
WANTED — OX TEAMSTER^ $60~~AND
found; laborers and teamsters, SI 75 a day,
lonic job; young butler, $20 and found ; woodchop-
per. $1 75 corn; 16 farmers, $20: saloon Dorter;
broiler; omnibus; cooks, waiters and others. J.
F. CROSKTT A CO., 628 Sacramento st.
i^P. WAITERS, CITY AND COUNTRY
—«J hotels and restaurants, $20, $35. $30 and
$35; 6 cooks, (30, $40 and $50; 2 second cooks,
$20; dishwasher, country notel, $25; second
baker, $25; barber for a country shop. MURRAY
A READY, Leading Employment Agents, 634
and 636 Clay st.
pARPfiNTER FOR A RANCH, $20: ROCK-
\J men; stableman, city, $36; 6 ranch teamsters,
$20 and found; 3 chore boys for nineties, $8, #10
and $12; 10 farmers, $20. ' MURRAY A READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
t)f\ (\i\li REDWOOD tTk5 TO CUT; 8c
ZU.UUU each. MURRAY A READY, Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
=350 ZH
MKN ANI> STRONG BOYS TO PICK GRAPES,
dry and box raisns. -.-.one In wine cellars, pack-
ing-houses, etc., $20 to $23 per month and found;
1 his job Is for a large baniiia^ syndicate: 3 months'
job; cail at once; fares aud fees reduced, MUR-
RAY A RKADY, Leading Kmplovment Agents,
634 and 0 36 Clay st
ECOND COOK. RESTAURANT, $75. C. R
HANaEN A CO., 110 Geary st.
..ROILER. RESTAURANT, $50; RESTAU.
' I rant butcher, $35: assistant conk, hotel, $30-
-pantry-man, country hotel, $20: dishwasher,'
country hotel, $20: buttpr-makur and run sepa-
rator for a creamery, country: milker, country,
$30: farmers, chorenien and others. C. R. HAN-
SEN A CO., 1 10 Geary st.
NEAT JAPANKSE WAITER. CITY: JAP-
anese for porter work and scrubbing, country
hotel, $20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary st
WANTED— EVERY MAN WHO WANTS
work 10 know that ne can get a situation from
the old reliable employment agents, W. D. Ewer
A Co.. 626 Clay st., at any time: every position
guaranteed; office fee« 50 cents and up, according
to wages, etc.-, no charge tor registering; come
one, come *H; come earl.-.- we want Monday
morning, or a« soon as possible, 50 men to pick
grapes for first -claw vineyard company. $19 50
per mouth and board: 40 more men and strong
boys to pull beans for large rancn. near city: 150
men. women and children and families to pick
hops in At ameaa County: good. lons* job; 2 butter-
makers, $30 and $25: 5 miner*, 552 per month-
cooks, waiters, dishwashers and 50 other men
for reliable situations at reasonable fees. Aduiv
to W. D. EWER A CO.. 626 Clay st
1 UNCH COOK, $8 A WEKK: COOK FOR
XJ small restaurant, $8 a week; waiter. $4 a week-
waiter, $25 and room : waiter, $30 and room • cook'
$7 a week: 6dlshwashers. $10, $15. $20 and'room-'
elderly man for light work: dishwasher, $6 a week
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. i»»»weeit.
O MACHINE MINERS. $3 A DAY; WAITER
A. country hotel. $20: hoi el waiter, $25- cook
few boarders. $20: cook, $45 ; grape-pickers, 90c
a ton. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 ana 610 Clay st/
W'< ANTED— SOBER, RELIABLE MAN FOR
a position of some trust: must be able to
drive and willing to do a little hard wcrk; asteadv
job at good wages; small bond or cash security
required. E. P., box 82, this office.
AN INDUSTRIOUS LADY WANTS A SINGLE
man as partner in good-paving coffee- saloon,
chophouse and home-made bakery with $125
•apital. Address J. D., box 82, this office.
ANTED-STEADY MAN TO WORK IN
store; steady position; salary $16 per week
with future increase; must have $100 cash. Ai>
ply 917 Market st, room 2. r
ANTtD-NEAT. ACTIVE PERSON TO
travel as managing partner in professional
business: most lnves. $300: business should nay
$1000 monthly. Call YORK, 860 Market, r. 17:
SI KADY, TRUSTWORTHY MAN AS CASH":
> ier \?<£ ell P a r ln * restaurant; $125 required.
Apply 632 Market st, room 8.
JAILORS WANTED FOR SEaTROOM- CON-
J. venient place. 80S Montgomery st, room 6
third floor. '
AN WILLING TO WORK FOR HIMSELF 1
must a»ve f 2ft. T, box 16. CaU Office.
JgEIP TV ANTED— Continued.
on BUGLERS FOR A BUGI^"bAn3^NOT
£\j necessary to be first-class. Address 8., box
19. Call Office. . . - ■. ..;
MAN TO DO COOKING AND MAKE HlM-
self generally useful: $15 month and room.
324 Larkin st _ ■ ■ ■- ■
GOOD EXPERIENCED~COATMAKER. AP-
Ur ply early at 667 Market. .
\\r ANTED— WAITER AND DISHWASHER.
» V 9 Stockton st.
YA ANTED— A CARPENTER WHO U.NOER-
•' stands stalrwork. 717 Diamond st
ANTED— MAN UNDERSTANDS POTTED
plants In nursery work. 612 Haight st . . \
TIT ANTED— DkUG CLERK, CALL AFTER 9
TT A. If. a. C. DREWITZ, cor. Eddy and Taylor.
OY WANTED TO WORK IN BUTCHER-
shop. 416 Geary st ' ■ •
GOOD COOK WANTED, OTHERS NOT
needed. 153 Third st
OY OR MAN TO CLEAN HALLS; EX-
change for room. 1118 Market st.
AY COOK, WITH REFERENCE; $2 PER
day. 1 3 Seventh st ._
I^IRST-CLASS OPERATOR WANTED ON
coats; also errand boy. 834 Howard st
SECOND COOK. COUNTRY HOTEL, $35. AP-
ply 609 Kearny St., room 8. •
WAN TED-TAILOR ON COATS TO WORK
»» inside. Call early 1243 Folsom at .
ANTED— SOLICITORS FOR "LIGHT," THE
American weekly. Apply 1203 Market st.
>' IIRST-CLASS1 IRST-CLASS GERMAN COOK WANTED
J" at 6 15 Montgomery st ; $12 a week.
"PARTNER, FIRST-CLASS THREE-CHAIR
X 15-cent barber shop; unusual opportunity. 131
O'Farrell^U ' - ■
"lOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
O secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st.
L>ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X) ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
! )AKBKRS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEO.
]-> P. C. Barbers' Asan. S. FUCHS. 326 Grant ava.
ARBER SHOP.— 2 CHAIRS; 15c: GOOD
business: rent $10: opp.carhonse. 1310 Castro-
r»AßßEßS— 2-CHAIR SHOP FOR SALE, $75;
X> rent, including gas, $10. 1932 Market St.
OY TO LEARN UPHOLSTERING. CALL
with parent, 1020 Larkin, near Sutter.
ERMaN OR SWISS MAN AND WIFE, NO
\X children, tor milk ranch; man good milker: 36
cows: woman good, plain, clean cook, for 12 men;
no washing: steady place; $40. Address N. W.,
box 16, Call Office. ■
pOATMAKERS AND PRESSERB ON COATS;
V good wages; steady job. SELJO BROS., 108
Battery st. •
T/IRST-CLASS FOREMAN FOR PLANING-
X I mill, good at figuring mill work and making
details; give reference. F. U., box 109. i all.
/CLOTHING-CUTTER AT 20 SANSOiIE ST.
YOUNG MAN WITH $200; GOODSKCURITY;.
X $40 month and board. 4081 19th, nr. Castro.
T/EW GENTLEMEN MORE TO TAKE BUN.
X 1 ny furnished rooms: $1 up. 217 second st,
W ANTED— AN ENERGETIC YOUNG MAN
'» for a domestic department; none others need
apply. 523 Market 3:., room 7, bet. 3:30 and 6 p. m.
QAILORS wanted at lane's. 604 vis
0 street. .
STEAKS, CHOPS. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 6
0 cents. 635 Clay st, Big Yellow Front
Ur ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBCRN A CO., Dept L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C, for their $1800 prize
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 yean;
Dot less than 6 feet 5 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
RecruKlng Office, 20 Ellis st, San Francisco, CaL
WANTED— MEN TO LKARN BARBER
"» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard.
\fK\V WALDO HOUSE, 766 MISSION BET.
i.l 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 to s2 50;reading-room;strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet: open all night.
r ANTED— MEN FOB SINGLE ROOMS;
' » $1 ween, 25c night. 321 Ellis st; Bosedale.
KN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c; LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Fiuck's.S-F-
-OOMs 150 To 7»c PER NIGHT: 60c TO «1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Dnimm st.
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
j \J shoes at 30c on the $1 ; this week only. 959
Howard st.
AIT ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
' ' boo: 3 and shoes. K. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
LARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes 10 order, $3 60; hand-sewea
shoes, $5. 726V 2 Howard st, bet Third and Fouwb.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NKAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
rnRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
1 INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-1 ' sts. ; single inrnished rms 76c week, 16c night
S.-REOIOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. C.ay ; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c.
ANTED— la BORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 160
largw rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per weeK.
ljinMii.N TO. TAKE LODGING AT 100. 150
X\)\J and 20c a night. Including coffee aud roll*
C 24 Washington at., near Kearny.
BKST IN CITY-SING i.E ROOMS. 16. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $x. $1 25. Cl 60 per weelc.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
ANTED-SINGLK ROOMS, ISc A DAY; $1
v «-ek; rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
\1 EN TO FEED MANHATTAN a'i'OCK FOOD:
■l' l all grocers keep It
\\' ANTED, COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
'' ernAclerks. KNOX Collection A gey, 110 Sutler
\V X ARK SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' » your old shoes and make them like new; done
while you wait; ladies' solelng, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c; machine-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c.; fine shoes made to order from $2 up-
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c. up to
$2 80. 562 Mission SU. bet First and Second.
PARTNERS WANTED. "
W ANTED^ X P^tT^fE^^IR^TCcLASS
»» restaurant; fashionable seaside health resort;
must be experienced; this is more essential than
capital. ■ Write A., box 60. Ca'l Office. ,
AGENTS WANTED.
pniLLS^ANDr VER CURED IN HALF"!
\J day without qulnino: recipe for 50c: agents
wanted. A. CHARLTON. Kelseyville, Cal.
GENTS; BIG MONEY; LATKST PKOPOSI-
tIon. Baxter i ortralt Co., 432 Sutter st.
GENTS — -PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson A. Miles," Commander-in-
chief of the United States army, and the greateit
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of territory.
■ f. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department,
THE WHITAKKR A RAY CO., 723 Market SU
FURNITURE WANTED.
T^URNITURE, CARPETS AND ALL KINDS
X? of household effects for cash. Call or address
J. IiOWCHER, 222 Stockton st.
FFICE FURNITURK— WILL PAY HIGHEST
prices for second-hand office desks or take >
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H. i
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st
rpo SELL FURNITURE TU ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. 81LVKRSTKIN.969 Howard BU;send postal
UCKINGHAM FURNITURE CXX PAYS
highest price for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st.
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNt."
X tnre and merchandise see BURD, -211 Larkin.
TNDIANa AUCTION CO., successors to m.
Xj. SIMMONS' ABC. Co.. 1057 Mark»t. pays cash
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
anted^clie^^fo^^a^h^m^allTTm^
*T proved ranch. Price and particulars R., box 8,
Call Office. ■ '
WANTED-MISCELtANEOUS.
OLD GOLD A ND S I LVEOOUOHT^ JE WEIC
ry, watches repaired. MUND, 1138^ Mission.
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry to A. KLEIN. IU9 Sixth St.: send m^t"
LOST.
00lO ol B WaTCH ~^ ost at thFchuteTyesl
F^ur^a a n y d : HoWam «"".-*ffi
T OST-SUNDAY. 13TH IN ST., BLACK PUG
re C e?v°e g; re l n * 15 " *• « **™?2*
LOST-SPANIEL DOG NAMED DON- vS.
__«al reward. - Return to 1016 BrodeFi'ck st.
L°b^ch- B re L t turnr C n K lo 0
L°««s~ t F X TERRIER DOG: TAN - HEAD
&*£^^B££*r*> liberal rfw^
T i O ,? T T. OW w THE "NIGHT"OK AUGUST 3.- AT
LOST-A ? BOOK K ITH THE HIBKkNIA
o_j savings and Loan society of San FranctJco in
AVflnd 9 °' ■ftMU B^NCHETTI ? ; Na WMWi
ihe finder will please return to the bank. "" i * u " <i *
L°b S a ASS OK WITH THE HIBEBNIA
XJ savings and Loan Society or San Francisco in
the name of ROSE CORCORAN, 107425; The
finder will please return to bank. - iw '*' !0 - ">•
BUSINESS CHANCEB. ___■_.. '
© 1 n(\fC CORNEifaROCERY AND BAR;
<3> X I UU. choicest location: Western Addition;
rent $30; doing , large cash trade; must be sacri-
ficed- owner going to Guatemala; fullest invest
gation given. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
mrAA RESTAURANT ON kearny st.":
JJhOUU. actual value $1200; rent $50; owner
called East on account of sickness. WILKE, 531
California st. ; "
a><~>nf\(\ ■ PARTNER IN OLD ESTABLISH-
iS)£O\J\J. Ed and good-paying barroom: only
first-class trade; straight bit house; rare chance
for the right man. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 Cal. St.
"mjTjr.rv SALOON DOING LARGE BUSI-
DUU. ness: one block from water front; rent
$50. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st
d*OAA SALOON ON KEABNY ST.: GOOD
i?£\J\J. day and large • night trade; great bar-
gain. WILKE, 531 California st.
flu-| rrc CANDY-STORE AND ICECREAM
SpJ. I t). parlor: railroad station, Oakland: first-
class paying. WILKE A WOLF, 531 California.
ffiICAA CORNER BARROOM; LARGE"
«J)XUUv/ patronage; kept by owner for 20
years; rent 93s. WILKE & WOLf',s3l California.
<mrnrk corner GROCERY and BarT
<JTtJUU. living-rooms: rent $30; doing good
business: choice location. WILKE & WOLF, 531
California st •
"ffljOrvfm PARTNER WELL ESTABLISH"
iP^iKjyJVJ. Ed, paying livery business: fine lo-
cality, with cheap rent, and any one wishing to
engage in a business of this kind it will pay to in-
vestigate. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
r 7(\f\ RESTAURANT TAKING IN $20 TO
«lp I \J\J. $25 per day; rent $40 t>er month: the
beat restaurant business ever offered in San Fran-
cisco for the money; reason selling, sickness. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. ____*
a>i7f\(\ ONE OF THJS FINEST REBTAU-
•Ip I UU. rants in city: good location; doing
business of $40 per day; established 26 years: has
always made money; stand full investigation-
reason for sailing, owner moving into own prop-
erty: and any one wanting a business of this kind
will find on investigation all that Is claimed for it*
this Is a rare chance. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue. -
CHI HAA PARTNER IN WELL-EBTAB-
<JPXUUU. llshed office business: the only ob-
ject in taking partner Is to extend the business;
Investigation will show this to be rare chance; a
fine opportunity for energetic man. T. LUBEL-
SKI. 7 City Hall aye.
HAVE GOT A FINE $10,000 BUSINESS LOT
in Alameda to trade for city property clear, or
will assume mortgage. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye.
rpo BUY, SELL OB EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind, see OUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
qg Of\(\ GROCERY AND BAR: OLD EbTAB^
tipO\J\J. lished: cheap rent; great bargain If gold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
ARE CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FIRST,
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe immediately. Apply to
GUS STRAND, 45 Third St. *__
ffljOAA RESTAURANT; BEST LOCATION'
<IPOUU. on Kearny st; fall value in sight;
guaranteed to clear over $300 per month; don't
miss this bargain. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third.
<5» A (\ f\ MEAT MARKET, FISH AND VEG&
tip ivU. table stand; one of the nicest and best
located stands In town: 4 living-rooms; elegantly
fitted up; trade averages $20 per day; strictly
cash; If you want a nice paying investment; sea
this. GEO. STEWART, 602 |Market st.
GJjq^A. COFFEE-SALOON, BAR AND
•IPOOU. lunch-house, best location In this City
for that line of business; nicely fitted up; fine
range; cheap rent: receipts $15 to $18 per day;
cheap at $600. GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st.
fig inn CIGAR-STAND: NORTH MARKET;
<g)XUU. rent $15; snap. SKIFF, 921 Marketst.
fltQAfl PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY; NR.
«jpt/V/l/. Ban Francisco; bakes 1*& barrels:
high-class trade: 6 living-rooms: stable; rent $20:
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st "
ffl»l9f: BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY.
qpX.£nJ. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Market.
ffl» A(\f\ HOME BAKERY; CLEARS $100 A
tjptrUU. month: rent $17. SKIFF, 921 Market.
RESTAURANT-BEST LOCATION BUBl-
ness center: guaranteed paying business; full-
est investigation allowed: trial given if desired:
leaving town; account sickness. PROLL & CO..
719 Market st.
<B»JAA BARGAIN: CIGAR STORE: PROM I-
«JPIi/Vf. nent Market-street corner; excellent
business: owner year" ; no nightjor Sunday
work. PROLL <fc CO., 719 Market st
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brink building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and welt-
lighted basement; centrally located, half block N
of Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to B. sILVkRBERU, 320
Kansome st. room 39.
TTKNTION! BARGAINS TO-DAY BY W.
F. HEALY, 23 Kearny sU— Hotel, 34 rooms,
newly furnished, across the bay, commanding a
beautiful marine view, first-class in all depart-
ments, offer wanted: partner In a business clear-
ing $120 per month, $200, trial given to party de-
siring to purchase: I have saloons, groceries and
bar and all kinds of business opportunities for sale.
■I/OR SALE— ONE OF TjUE OLDEST EST Ail-"
X lished liquor-saloons In the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order; has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated in the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M.. box 100. Call Office.
BARGAIN: $400; BRANCH BAKERY,
candy, notions, laundry, stamp agency, etc.:
6 rooms and bath: rent $16: established over 6
years: well paving business! only cause of selling,
sickness. 2424 Market st
p OOD OPENING FOR ACTIVE DRY-GOODS
Vj man in rapidly growing neighborhood, corner
Third aye. and Clement st, with 4 rooms; Sutro
cars pass door. D. DANGERS, lOj. California st
FOR SALE— FINE MILLINERY BUSINESS
X In one of the leading streets of San Francisco;
established for 20 years: uarty retiring from busi-
ness. For particulars address Milliner, box 83, Call.
ffIjXAAA WANTED TO INVEST IN A MAN-
«JP«.'VV/V/ ufacturing enterprise: 76 per cent
profit; open to investigation. Address P. E. ADE-
LADE, general delivery, San Francisco.
I,'OR BALK— A BARGAIN; GOOD CHANCE
X I for the right party; a cyclery close by the park,
with cheap rent Inquire at 143 Be'rrv st., be-
tween Third and Fourth.
Vir ANTED— PARTNER WITH $500 TO EN-
" large a good-paying fruit and grocery store In
country town; no triflers. Address box 479.
Healdsburg, Cal. . -
100 HALF INTEREST IN BUTCHER^
«IDXUU. stiop; good running order: horse and
buggy Included; best chance offered. 632 Market
St., room 8.
©'JAM HALF INTEREST IN SALOON;
«JD«JW». city front: present owner prefers part-
ner to hired help. STKXBKR(ii6CO.,632 Market.
STATIONERY, NOTIONS"! SCHOOL S~UpT
O plies; bakery: candy; postal agency; 6 fur-
nlshed rooms. Gough-street Bazaar, cor. Lily aye.
S ALOON AND CIGAR STORE FOR SALE AT
O a transfer corner of Ellis and Leavenworth;
must be sold on account of the death of the father.
% MOO OLD ESTABLISHED TOY AND
ispU\J\J. stationer}-; prominent thoroughfare;
fresh stock ; living- rooms. Toys, box 81, CalL
¥OAA PHCENIX RESTAURANT, 21f30
<CSOV/V/. Fiiliuore st; owner has 2 places: part
cash; established 15 years; make offer; trial given,
(fljWPv AVERAGE WEKKI.Y NET a » COMB
<JpOc> $250 invested: safe, conservative; pros pec-
tus, proofs, free, F. DALY, 1293 Broadway. N. Y.
T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. I OWAN BUYS
stores: negotiates mortgages on merchandise;
sells on commission. Room 15,26 Montgomery.
f^OR SALE— RESTAURANT. DOING A BUsI-
X ness of $20 to $25 per day: must be sold on ac-
count sickness. Apply at 6 Golden Gate aye.
$tl 1 000 HALF INTEREST WELt
J-m\J\J\J. established growing manufacture
Ing business. Address 8., box 32. Call Office.
S^^O SALOON; RECEIPTS $15 DAILY;
tITOUV/. fine locality; rent low; sacrifice; must
sell. MYERS A GRAHAM, 777 Market st)
RESTAURANT AND Sf X K-HoUSui
cheap: fine location: rent $20: must be sold on.
account of sickness. 411^ O'Farrell st.
TF YOU WANT TO buy OR sell a RES.
X taiirant, saloon or any kind of business sea
UNDERWOOD A CO.. 766 Market st.
BAKERY. CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTION',
dry goods: 2 living-rooms; cheap. 1307
Buchanan.
EWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
ij close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. • •• ... 
C A LOON OPPOSITE REAR ENTRANCE OF
kj the Emporium: a good bargain. Apply 345
Jessie st.
<£j'->AAA FOR HALF INTEREST IN A MA*
«JDOUV/v ufacturing business. 328 Bush st.,
room 4.
CjUAA BARGAIN: SALOON; TRANSFER
<jpOUU. place: fine stock liquors. 805 Howard.
PA INTER-PARTNER WANTED WITH
$200, In good shop. E. T. C.box 75, Call.
AKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY, NOTIONS,
dry goods and laundry office. 1800 Union st
DAIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; 4 LTV-
lng-rooms; for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
"MERCHANDISE STOCKS AND FIXTURES
m bought by J. C. MUTHER, 632 Market, rm. 2.
GENTLEMAN PARTNEIt WANTED BY
vT lady of some means. 1 Fifth st. room 12.
/COMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S SHOP, WITH
VJ tools, cheap. 438 Turk St.. near Larkin.
PALACE SHOE STORE FOR SALE; BAR.
X gain. Address E. a AMES, Uklah. Cal.
GOOD. OLD ESTABLISHED DOWNTOWN!
restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office.
■VTKWLY FITTED-UP LIQUOR STORE FOB,
i-l sale. 732 Devisadero St., cor. Fulton. ■ ■
OOP, OLD-ESTABLISHED DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. 706 Howard st.
f~AI>Y DESIRES A GENTLEM ARTNER;
XJ $35 capital. 223 Post st, room 1.
UUTCHKR SHOP, WITH OK WITHOUT FIX-
X) tares, rent{slB. 18^6 Howard st.
INK CIGAR STAND FOR SALE; VERY
cheap. 311 Bush st. . -
OUTE FOR SALE ACROSS THE BAY. IN-
quire at Call Office. .
U WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TBM
£l WEEKLY CALL. In wrapDer, for mailing. ;HOrSES TO LET.
pONVENIENT HOUSE 8 ROOMS; $28: NICK
V,' location. 1319 Webster st., near O'Fwrreil. '
HOUSK 9 ROOMS, BATH, J-JNK MARINE
view, $50. 1920 Broadway, near Laguna.
rrtO LET-2-«*TuRY HOU~E*.~_""SoOM~AND
X bath. 1221 Golden Gate aye.
UPPER PART Of 4 ROOMS. 211
U Twelfth st. r>
HO U 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE STABLE;
yard; $16. 913 Fourteenth st.
49K PULTON— HOUSE 4 ROOMS; RENT
I __ V f $10.
I VPO T AYLOR-HOUSE 10 ROOMS: BATH;
iQ—VJ line view; rent -40. Apply 929 Broadway.
CCOTT, 1106 — HOUSK six ROOMS AND
0 bath: sun all day; rent reduced.
1 QAQ SU'ITKR — SUNNY HOUSE OF 10
XC-'Vt7 rma.; bath: tine garden; rent reasonable.
©'>*> f\ft 10 ROOMS IN EXCEI.LKNT OR-
. — — ••OKI. der; bath, hot and cold water: sta-
tionary washtubs. Upper part 63 Tehama st., near
Second. -
7(\O LAUREL AYE., NEAR BUCHANAN:
I VJU B-room house. l'_: water, $1.
Q9fl 2814 LAOUNA ST.: HOUSE 6 ROOMS.
C-.U. $14— Union St.; house 4 rooms.
pUEAP ELKGANT RKSIDKNCK: SW. COB.
V' California and Lacuna sts. Go see It.
HI is TO RENT FOR "VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery ■;;. - -
cottages to let.
Qj'Q ARMY ST., "pOTReTio""aV_C^5
<£>«/• rooms and slablt. NICOL, 634V5» Califor-
nia su
1 ~iV~* TURK— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; ALSO
Xi>_._ 8-room rear cottage: large stable. -*-.-*-.:
«£; 1 A ".0 COTI AGK IN TOWN: 3 TAY ST.,
WXKJ.OKJ. off Clay, bet, Powell nno Mason.
r-OTTAGE — 4-ROOM COTTAGE: GAS AND
\J bath; $16; fine view. 123 Liberty st.
SUNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS. BATH,
O basement, stable. AUeen aye., off 15th St., nr.
Dolores. .
9K94. MISSION— SPLENDID COTTAGE 8
— vJ*-^t rooms and bath; yard; flower gurden:slB.
RKDCCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter. Frank'ln and other streets; pet
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK <& CO., 602
Market st. ■ . , - '- .
FLATS TO LET.
<Bjl q nice~flatT~4~'rooms. 14^MOSS
<I>XO. street, bet. 6th and 7th, nr. Howard.
VJEW UPPER FLAT; KOKTH SIDE; SIX
-1 rooms and bath; all sunny; garden and yard.
1022 Thirteenth »t.: Hai?ht-st. cars at Scott.
IF YOU WANT A NICE SUNNY FLAT, OR
X cottage, see me; I have some nice furnished
cottages to leu T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
L> ARECH ANCE FOR A FINK FLAT; CHEAP:
XV $15, $18, $20, $'J5 and $35; 4 to 8 roams: por-
celain bath. Apply 112 Scott at., near Haigtiu
■VTKW MODERN SUNNY FLAT. SK. COR.
— i Twenty-fifth and Folsom sts. ...;,. ...
QI". 5 NICE BOOMS AND BATH; YARD.
1 O. 288 Shot well st.
A PPRKCIATi-.D IF SEEN; CHOICE SUNNY
— *. corner: 6 big rooms; bath; $20: water free.
Drug Store. 1722 Howard st., near Thirteenth.
Ql(' JINE MODERN FLAT; b ROOMS;
QXU. Stable. 133 Fair Oak, 11 r. Twenty-third.
Oji C NEW SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS,
<~>XO. bath; worth looking at, 1226 Union
LOWER SUNNY' CORNER FLAT: 8 ROOMS;
bath; laundry; low rent. 1800 O'Farrell st,
FLAT: « SUNNY ROOMS; BATH; YARD.
545 Eligabetb, corner Castro.
7CM FOLSOSI ST. ; KICK FLAT OF 5 ROOMS
' O _: and bath, 818; 783. 4 rooms and bath, $15.
097 CLEMENTINA ST.; COZY FLATS OF 4
O— I rooms; reduced to $12. . --■
Q* Q 5 ROOMS: 12 WEST MISSION ST.
~?O. NICOL. 634J/2 California st. '• ■
"I X"l »_>l MISSION" NEAR ELEVENTH-6
iwlOj large sunny papered rooms; bath;
laundry.
XI 7 OAK— UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND
0\.% bath; rent r duced. ■-
<SJI i\ UTPKR FLAT; 4 ROOMS. HALL AND
■Jiv. douule parlera: reference. 1606^ 4
Steven sou st, nr. eighteenth.
ELEGANT FLAT: 7 KOOMS; IN PERFECT
X-i order; moderate rent. 827 Howard, nr Fourth.
AY- WINDOW FLAT; 3 ROOMS. 28 KITCH
st., near Third and >ols>m.
•i AND 4 ROOMS: SUNNY FLATs; BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post su
SUNNY FLAT: 5 ROOMS, YABD, BASE-
meut; rent $15. ._1 Twelfth st.
QQ C/\ LOWKR FLAT, 3 ROOMS: LARGE
CO.OU. yard; cellar. 1008 Natoma st., near
Eleventh, rear. ' ,-;•■-■'•
NORFOLK, OFF HARRISON, BET.
«J_ Eleveath and Twelfth— Sunny upper flat, 4
rooms: gas: oath.
Qofi 14^5 SACKAMKNTO, NKAR HYDE—
r_s— - .". Flat, 5 sunuy rooms and bath. ■/ .-'.■- . ;
f.V.N . .MuDKR:.' 6-KOOM COKNKR FLATr
0 enrlosea porch; marine view. 1106 Green.
I"»LAT f 4OK 5 ROOMS, BATH: CHEAP. 1513
Sj Taylor st., bet. Pacibcand Broadway.
lABENCH FLAT, 4 ROOMS; BATH AND STA-
X tiouaty was 11 tubs. Tweutr-tbird and G^uerrero-
VJUNNY FLAX 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
Ocbeap to small, quiet family. 828 Harrison su
&7 UPPKR FLAT 4 ROOMS, YARD, WATER.
~* • • 1111 Kirn hyp., bet. Scott arid Pierce S'.s.
NICK sUN.nY KOOMS, 530 GREENWICH
«t., near Stockton.
?-9/iA TURK. EKAK- SUNNY, UPPER
C/-.U flat; ail light looms; rent $12.
1 OWKR -UNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
XJ off Pine Ft., near Mason; no car fare; $12.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOMS; $9. 319 DORE ST.,
near Bryant.
\l ANTKD— 2OU GOOD TENANTS; RENTS,
»* from $10 up fur flats, cottages. SPECK <&
CO., 602 Market at- :
UNNY FLAT 5 ROOM-, BATH; RKASON-
abIe. 8 Dearborn St., off Seventeenth, above Va-
lencia.
171LATS TO MBNT FOR VERY LITTLE
X I money at BALDWIN <_ HAMMONDS, 10
.Montgomery st.
T OVELY, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
XJ 5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third s_, 100 feet from Castro;
key 4075 till further notice. .
YEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 FLATS
X 6 and 6 rooms: $22 and $30. 14 Grove at.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
Capp Street.
O/\ CAPP— 2 SUNNY BOOMS; NICE KITCH-
-.U en and small bedroom; furnished complete
for housekeeping.
City Hall Avenue.
7 city hall aye— neat furnish
, • room in private family to lady; can arrange for
light housekeeping: located near J. J. O'Brien's
store: north of Market su •
Dore Street.
O9PL DORE— 3 FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
, Zi_.«J lag: rent $11.
O^QDOBE — 4 LARGE SUNNY UNFUR-
O~to nished rooms; $10.
_____________
Eddy Street.
QI rr EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS;
all nicely furnished; splendid location; private
, family.
71 Q EDDY — 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
lit/ rooms: also single, $5 per month.
QIC EDDY— 8 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
O ID nished rooms: fine location; private fain-
Or; gas range; reference. ' .
Eleventh Streeet.
9 AT ELEVENTH, COR. HOWARD— I US.
_,UK furnished sunny front corner room.
tilth Street.
OI A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
' tjxrr room ana kitchen: bath; yard; private; $11.
First Street.
000 FIRST ST., NR. HARRISON (KINCON
• >_,»> Hill) — 4 connecting rooms for housekeep-
ing: newly papered and cleaned; gas, water, etc.;
with American family: rent reasonable.
_ <-ury Mr«D»
; 4 1 Q GEARY — ENTIRELY RENOVATED:
• 1 1 0 furnished or unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping ■ ■
■■ Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD. NR. SIXTH—
rooms, furnished for housekeeping: $7.
'■'[■ nuwunl Street. -
17, iC) HOWARD — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
i "i_- nished housekeeping room; reasonable.
1 i.ii HOWARD-] OR 3 SUNNY FUR-
X~±OX nlsbed housekeeping rooms. ___^
«ie»sie Street.
0 X X JESSIE-TWO HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
ODD with a sunny yard. .-
Of*" JE~-Slh, NR. FIFTH— THREE ROOMS
000 complete for house^weplqg. •■■■■■
"~ Lewis Street.
1 Q LEWIS, OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST-3 OR 4
J O unfurnished sonny rooms: $11.
" Ma < ket Street.
,A n MABKET-2 NICELY FURNISHED
IUO— housekeeping rooms, $2 week or $7
month; In rear.
~ '■ Mason Street.
1 HO MASON— PARLoR FLOOR OF 3 NICELY
XU— fnrnlshfd rooms. - "
Xi" 1 MASON— TWO LARGE SUNNY FUR-
OllpUhed rooms for housekeeping; yard, gas,
bath. ' ;; ' ' ' ''
.Vi 11m a >tree..
OQI MINNA, COB. FOURTH— HOUSEKEKP-,
_.Cl Ing, very cheap ; from doable and single.
HOPSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued. 1
allusion ?rr«o,.
091 MISSION-SUNNY FURNISHED AND
U -- L unfurnished houhekeeping rooms; $6 up.
1 V.99 MISSION - 2 OK 3~~NICKLY FUR-
x^'-i£in\9heA- rooms for light housekeeping;
gas: bath. . r •
Ninth. Street..
90 N I NT H, NEAR MARKET — FRONT
--V suites for light housekeeping, orjsingle: grate:
' Rausch Street.
OQ RAUSCH, COR. FOLSOM, BET. SEVENTH
ou and Kitjhtti— Lar<e front room and kitchen:
furnished for housekeeping: $10.
Scott Street.
1 SCOTT- 2 SUNNY KOOM3, PARTLY
XXO furnished, for housekeeping. ■
■Stockton ■street.
m STOCKTON — SUNNY FURNISHED
111 rooms for houaeitping; $8 and $10 month.
'leliama Street.
999 tehama — FURNISHED ROOMS for
000 housekeeping. ■■•
AdR TKHAMA — LAKGK SUNNY FRONT
ttiO room; kitchen; houseKpi;; well furnished.
Iliinl Street.
1 AO THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEKPING
JiO rooms complete; front: first floor:bath:gas.
Washington, street.
~.f19 WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFUR-
tJVfZi nlshed housekeeping rooms: running water.
\. elsh Street.
11 A WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OK 3 NICK
llily furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap
Miscellaneous.
001 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND HOUSE
<£_ ig renting agency: no fee for registering.
BOOMS TO LET.
JU— uV Ml'eii..
m EDDY— NEAT SUNNY SINGLE AND
double room for gentlemen: $6 to $10.
-lib EDDY— FRONT SUITES, NEW FUR-
J -LO nlttire, clean sunny rooms; $5 up; also
housekeeping.
/»-| A EDDY, NR. LARKIN— FRONT SUNNY
OX _: bay-window room: newly furnished; closet,
bath, gas: rent reasonable.
J~i_litri M1'O«»
SHERMA- ArARTMKNT HOUSB. 7* RTH
0 ■t.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
a...ii, stree;.
("THE FAJIOSA. 130 _I__3; ?IR% KATK «V \
X HART, manacer— A qniet houno: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot ■& cola wa.or.
09 I ELLIS, NKAR TAYLOR— FOR BKST
O— V lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
Jr'iltli street.
IAQ FIFTH — SINGLK AND DOUBLE
l\'t/;rooms, $1 50 to $3 per week.
lolsom Street.
1 CAO FOLSOM— FURNISHED BOOM; PRI-
XOvJO vate family: suitable for 2. ■.
1 ounh Street.
99c FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FROM
_._.«J $1 a week up.
9991 FOURTH— SUNNY CORNER ROOMS:
—— — 2 nicely furnished; price moderate. '
iieary street.
91 7 GEARY-3 SUNNY ROOMS IN REAR;
— 'X I cottage; key premises.
Al Q GEARY— NEWLY FURNISHED PAR-
ttxt/ lors: suites or single: entirely renovated.
i.oiueu Oatn Auauc.
COC GOLDEN GATE- SUNNY ROOMS: ALL
«J— .O conveniences; reasonable rates-
fii'uve street.
Af\t}l GROVE— 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
•±U_«3 front rooms; bath; cheap.
nuwaiii Mi CO..
099 HOWARD — DOUBLE SUNNY PAR-
O— ._- lore, furnished light housekeeping; suitable
for doctor or demist: others.
CiQ*-> HOWARD— LOUBLE FRONT ROOM
VOO and kitchen furnished for housekeeping; no
Objection to children; also other rooms.
Jones Street.
9H7 .'ONES— THE VAX WINKX,F.: NEW
_ \J I management: elegant tunny sultan and
tingle; newly furnished: batik etc.: SIO to SHj>.
ii«_rny stree..
9Q KKARNY-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
—.O terms reasonable: quiet bouse.
QA KEARNY— FURNISHED ROOMS, PAR-
O\J ticularly suitable for gentlemen; electric
Ughta. ... >. ■' 1 .[ ,_-.\ ,\ ~ -. ■ . .... •—.--. • .» , - - .
'. KiaHOTOST HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
/V Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect; terms reasonable,
jJifci-k..t. -tree .
V OSEMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 85c to $1 : week, $1 50 10 $5: families.
■:'■£ •;■■'■ .. ' Slason Street.
A 1 q MASON, OPP. NATIVE SONS' HALL—
"± i O inrnlshed rooms: sunny; suites or single.
Mv All later street. -
499 MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY FRONT
tr_._j room; running water: gas bath. '
Minna Street.
f>OiJ MINNA, COR- EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 i nished bay-window rooms; 41 per week.
■ Isatoma Street.
ttC NATOMA— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
000 room: $8 and $10 month: call afternoons.
7 9Q NaTOMA ST. — NEWLY FURNISHED
<_.'_/ rooms for gentlemen; cheap.
Perry Street.
9CC PERRY— TO LET, 3 NICE SUNNY
J-.00 rooms; rent $9.
Polk Street.
991 POLK— 2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
_;_j 1 for 1 or 2 gentlemen or man and wife; all
conveniences. ■
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)— EN.
_ I — Urely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
Prospect Place.
91 C PROSPECT PLACE. BET. POWJB.LL
-it) and Stockton, Pine and California sts.—
Nice, sunny, furnished rooms to leu
seventh Street.
149 SEVENTH- PLEASANT ROOMS FOR
1 "1 -j housekeeping; also single rooms.
M_l_Str«er..
1 9r SIXTH —CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
I_.«J nicely furnished double and single rooms.
Sixteenth Street.
9QA9 BIXTEENTH, CORNER HOWARD—
_. «7tr_j Large sunny front room ; furnished; $1 50
a week.
South Park.
9 SOUTH PARK-SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
room; also other rooms; private; quiet.
Stockton Street.
ROPE AN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
X- nlshed suites, $4 to $10 -^single rooms, $1 50 to
$3 week; 50c to $2 night: hot and cold running
water in every room: baths; elevator; transient.
MEW PYRSEK HOUSE, 1814 STOCKTON—
— ' Front suites; single rooms; housekpin«;cheap.
I uuer «tree;.
9AQ BUTTKR— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
QUO tl 25 to $10 wit; night 2So to $1 60: transl.
r ,ftO BUTTKK. COR. TAYLOR-ELEGANTLY
tVJO newly furnished sunny tmn. ; suite or single.
lay lor Street.
1 AQ TAYLOR-SUNNY DOUBLE ROOMS, 92
X\Ju and *2 60 per week: single $1 50.
F-1 f* TAYLOR— NKWLV FURNISHED SUN-
OX ny single ana double rooms; private family.
£»-| 9 TAYLOR— _ SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
vl* ulso suite; rent reasonab c. . ■
Tenth Street.
1 9c TENTH-LARGE WKLL FURNISHED
±_.«J room; closet: gas; bath: $7. •
. 1.11 11 'i en.
qi 7 THIRD— LARGK SUNNY CLEAN RMS.;
OX I double or single; day, week or month. '
: .."A uik street. "
in TURK-NICE SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT
XV room: use of parlor and piano: $8.
1 9p> TURK-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM;
X—.U suitable for a gentleman; $5 per month.
Twelfth Street. _ ./ •
3 SUNNY FRONT BOOMS: UNFURNISHED
122 Twelfth St., beu Mission and Howard sts.
Twenty-first Street.
091 7 TWENTY-FIRST. NEAR MISSION-4
O_X I, rooms; rontst2; water free.
•;■ ■•■■■ Miscellaneous.
I^LEGANTLY FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
Xu suitable gentleman and wlfe.or single lady; light
housekeeping privileges; reasonable; references.
H. L.. box I*3, Call. ; . ■
;TT~T TO LEASE. ";•;,..,
oIC'RKNT'T^LETsF^MrVA^
cor. Polk and • Jackson ■ sts.: rent $50 per
month. Address J. a., 4_ 7 San»omf hu, B. if.
TIIJ- SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1596.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
)0 1 \ ( 1. ,\ Y . " N R7"^ITvTs^DETiI^SI NN"'Y
— •OJ.«J room; use of varlor: board $25, or $40
for two; gas, ba:h; take Eddy-sU cars. 1
ELLJs — KM'IRifiLY RKNO\'A TED
000 throughout; newly furnished sunny rooms; ,
suites ana single: board Oiiliona.; moderate ra'e-i.
7 1 it POST— SUNNY ROOM*: USE OF PAR- (
1 X*- * lor; for 2 young men; with board: $20 each.
794. POST — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
• —"I parlor suite: high-grade accommodations;
also large sunny room suitable for 2; first-class
table. --:-.:
TJ*LOOR; 3 SINNY BAY-WINDOW ROOMS;
1' bath: f.irnlstied complete for housekeeping.
937 Sho-.well st. ..:■■■•
/ 7ii7 KLLlh—nicKlY FUKNI.>HK*> sUNNY
IO) rooms, suite or single: board optlona . '
1 CALIFFTRNIA— Pi EASANT NEWLY
1 *'— •* * furnished parlors and other rooms; board
optional.
'-41 "^ GOLDEN GATE AVK.— SUNN V FRONT
Oi-O and single room: board; references.
A*)A EDDY— FINE. SUNN V, NEWLY FUR-
*— 'tt nisht'd rooms; house first class in every re-
spect; table unsurpasseJ; terms reasonable.
oliu, bM\ii.i.\u, ii.* x-us>ii— A ir'AMlLif
hotel: re^oreuces tlveu uua n^iuired; alimoU-
»m conveniences.
. CHILDREN BOARDED.
ESPEOTaBLE LADY WISHES CHILDREN
to board or an Infant to raise on the bottle:
mother's care given. Apply -08 Golden Gate aye.
}MNE COUNTRY HOME FOR A CHILD: $7
- per month. Address A. B. box 99, Call oißce,
Oakland. • .
YV ANTED— I OR 2 BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
*' teams: reasonable; good home; no other
children. Call at 119 Vi Langton St.
1 1' IDOW WOULD LIKE 1 OR 2 CHILDREN
" (I to ■■> rears') to board. "809 Bakerst.
STORKS TO _ LET. ~
O more
TORK TO LET, ALSO LA KG X BASEMENT,
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
tork, with 3 rooms, se. cor. golden
Gate aye. and Webster bt.; choice location for
rimes: ore. ■
OFFICES TO LET.
C CALIFORNIA AND LEID.ESDORFF (L. AND
KJ L. and G. buildinz— Sunny offices: light, water,
heat and janitor services free: electric-' eluvator;
rent from »10 up. Apply 422 California st.
"LUNK OFFICES: 23 KEARNY ST.; SUIT A-
-I ble for any business.
SPKKCKKLS BUILDING. 927 MARKKT— j
Elegant si-nnv oflices. $12 50 up: *lectnc-li?h:; |
eating and >nilor service free. I Apply at building |
'■n. 11. I.MI'.SKN <fc CO.. 14 Mnntcomery hi. j
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"T -^^^OCIM^LdTOn?^^
__. LOS ANGELES
IO EX CHAN E
FOR ROOMING HOUSK IN THIS CITY
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER 1
Apply to H. C- DECKER, 1020 Market st.
OO ROOMS; COKNER HOUSE: NE\\\..s 4.10 !
— 90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150. .3700
18-room house on sixth st 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices.
Apply to H. C. DKCKKR •& CO., 1020 Market I
St., opposite Fifth. .
'J/'-KOOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
r OK) kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
{-ROOM HOUSE; 1 FLOOR ALL OFFICES;
> only s4so; mustselL DF.CKER, 1020 Market, j
9*) NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500 '
•— <— ' 16 rooms; clearing *50 250 I
28 rooms; making money 476 ,
180 rooms; clearing $500....... 7000 '
10 rooms; clearing $50 800 I
_^ UNDERWOOD <fc CO.. 765 Market »U
WE HAVE" CUSTOMER FOR L'-DGI.vG-
'" house from 25 to 40 100 ms in Oakland. UN-
DERWOOD & CO., 765 Market st.
OH! FOURTH— CORNER LODGING-HOUSE
—'—O of 15 rooms; paying well; cheap rent; good
reasons for selling; no agents.
U_l ->A 7-ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
ts)l Ovf. St. corner of Filth. -
I-ÜBNITUR- OF 5 ROOMS FOR BALK:
' flat to let. 214 Sixth st.
99 ROOM*: CORNER HOUSE; WKLL FUR- |
•-— nlshed; full or permanent roomers; only
$150. 231 Second st. *
$9^o OSLY Foil 11-ROOM lodging-
.Ov hoaae; good location; very small rent;
always full; must be sold this week. 230 Minna.
• M-ROOil LODUISo-aoi'BE: CHEAP, ON
account of sickness. . 8.. box 16, Call Office.
I ODGING-H.Tu^K; BARGAIN; 16 KOuM»:
XJ nicely furnished; corner house. 803 Kddy st. I
L 1 IN ELY FU KNISHED H<>USES; 12 TO ISO I
r rooms; $300 to $10,000. PHELI'S •_ ( 0., »17
Larkin st.
FURNITURE ' FOR SALE.
: L"uKfcrsALxr oj^ i " ri ' rL rij^ vrj " ij '- r """ r "^' "■"""-"""'-"
X 1 Prices' stand till goods are completely di.i- i
posed of. • ■ . ■ ■
oat-i>edseti!;v.;.;;;.7;,.-.;,,r....'....-,.;;.;...siA'si
Bed lounges.. ■... ht)
Moves 753 ,
Carpets, per yard 6J
Linoleum, per yard. \ 65
j MattinK. per yard... . 11)
Till our new building la erected these prlees will
stand. Till such time we are conducting bosiiiaii I
at se. corner be vent- and Missioa at*, i.
NOONAN.
"L^URNITURE OK 6-ROOM FLAT AT A SAO
X 1 rlflce. 538 Natoma, upper flau
Aftli CAKPKTS: CHAMBER SK iS. $117
rivrVJ stoves, $5: parlor ecu. 820; folding-beds.
$10: bar outflta. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH. FOil
JA lowest prices on household l<">!i ufnof^jji
rew : ca«h or time, open «»v«-ntn-r<.
CARPET CLEANING.
•JC A'Y^RD~AT7r»tr^T\v¥sT^inS : ~cTifp^_T
0 Cleaning Works. 11 Eighth st» . .
ONKS <_ CO.. .MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
Eighth St.; teL Jessie 1001.
/••Ait PUT CLEANING. 3c: LAYING. 3c. : R'Jii
\J gampies tree; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 1 9 Btb »:.
WHEN YOU BECOME i~~~~~~~K~ S~~~5
poor nor* send toSPAULDIN'G'.i Pioneer Car-
ret Beating Works. 853-57 Tehama «t- : teU So 41).
t UN KLIN StAKi-hf 1. r.AII.~J UutlKa, u jj
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east.l'-'6.
I HI V SIKAMCARI'KTCLKANING.HENOVA-
VJ ting, as Bth. STEVF.KB. mgr. Tel, 230.
/ ■( ARPK i lUASKO AND .KENOVATiSU
\J like few. FERGUSON _ CO. 23 Tenth! t_.
tSODIh »«■ D. MACKINTOSH * Co., «uec*s._»r_
"1 K. MITCHELL CA lit* J-. 1 c'LiiAN INU Co.. Jl)
«' . 14th m. ; rlewnlng .So 11 rant. 'l'*t. Mission IK.
HOUSES. ~
rpnTr S EMp7)RIUir % S ALKS r> vX
X lencia su. is the place to go It you want to boy.
sell or exchange horse*, bugles, wagons or harn-
ess: auction sales every >a;unlav at 11 o'clock.
Cfk 11KAD DRIVING aaT\VOHK HOKBKS; '
t>V weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard st.
LE I BOLD HAltNaso COMPANY; 60(1 .-_l-(
of good harness, our own cake, of ever.- de-
scription, for less money than you ran buy Ka-tern
trash; send for catalogue. 11.') Ma Alllsler St.. S. K.
l t/\ SK'i'SKKW AND skUoXu llANi> HAK.
A*J\J ness, all kinds; wagons, eug^les, surroy^
rockaways^caru; must tie sold. 11^8 Mlssiom.
"I AKOE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES: HALT EH
XJ broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
~,(W| SET NEW Ail) hKCON L*-H AN U HaK-
UKJKI ness; all kinds; buggy. waaon, carts, surrey
«Krockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Al\ HORBKS i;urt. SALfc; ALSO WAGONS."
TV/ bugirlM, carts, harness: Grand Arcade iior**
Market. 3-7 six.h su ; auction sales every WeUuo*-
Cay. /SULLIVAN A DOYLK A nciione"rs.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
Ij>Oß B_LE-LIGHT WA<;ON, ALSO BUBl-
ness buggy, cheap. 903 Golden Gate aye.
ROC A WAY AND FINE PHAETON FOR
sale. Apply 1311 California st.
TO TRADK— A LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
J. business wagon. ,813 Stockton.
LOR SALE, AT EASTKKN PRICES, FINE
1 carriages of every description; cash, notes or
Installments. Curvlll Mfg Co.. 48-48 Bih su. 8. F.
ft E N T I ST S .
pROOMK DENTAL A SsO UI A^TIOnTtoTm a3i-
VJ ket, beu 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. »1 ; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
lilt. LtiDLUJi HILL. I*l3 .MARKET ST.. '
xj near Eleventh: no charge lor extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 50c: gas Riven.
|K. UKOHU_ W. LEEK, TilK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
ULL ~U~~ OF. 'US_Tii,.s7: WAHKANTKD
.X ava .year»:. < traction, 60c: flUincs, 50c:
crowns, $3 6u. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2* Sixth.
L I I RST-C I.ASN DK.STIs.TRY ; HRBT-CI.ABH
x pries: Hrst-class results: painless extraction:
Tel. Main 6,75. W.C. HAUDING.M.D., 500 suf.er
1 \K. L, 1. 1 KAiN/.— KXIKACTION PAINLK»\
XJ crown work, bridge work «nd teeth withoas
plates a specialty. 108 Geary st,, cor. Grant ava.
C»7 A f-Kl' i-Oil TKKTH: WaKUA.NTKU A-J
<£> * good as can be made: flllln* $1. Dr. 81S1M-
tt-tiil.ii. 930 Market su. next Baldwin Th_f t.
]>A 1 N LESS EXTRACTION] 60c: ■■• CROWN
X bridge work • specialty; plates. $5 op. 13 veari
experience. R. L WALall. D.D.S.. bis« 4 Geary.
a ll work to SUIT TiMEB:WAJ<KANTED.
A DR. REA, 1870 Market st., front City Hail.
DR. JJUCKKTT, 1703 . PO>l' ST.. NEAR BfJ-
cnanan; pas given; crown and bridee worK.
LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J.W. KEY. 1122 Market au
ET OF T_ETH WlTllOUi A i-_ATi_ i>K. ii.
O. YOUNU. 1841 Polk si. "
~|~~J~~ LEEK, l^Otf MAiiKKT, UOit. UOLUKN
J J Gat» »vc- Open even! n~i: sun>lav» tilt noon.
PHOTOGRAPHERS SUPPLIES.
EEDS^NOT" P UMPKIN BEKDsi"BUT HI3ED
dry plates, with developers and all requisites
for photographing, at Cal. Camera Co., 124 Geary. |
PERSONALS.
OCbtb" OR ANY OTHER XnOIKNT OR
modern style of halrdresslng I do for 25 cents;
Quinonla hair tonic, 35c a bottle; switches. $1:
have enlarged my parlors. G. LEDKittlt, 111
Stockton at. . .
' V OUNG LADY FROM CUBA DKSIRfisGEN-
-1 tlomitn partner; small capital required. 9 Pow-
ell st , room 7. -^ - ■
ORRIS BERRY. FOKMKR FORK M A \'
Albert Miller's cloak store, has opened a bust-
nes« at 14 McAllister, Knis. 45-46; ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order; tit guaranteed ;low prices >
\,fKS. THOMPSON,-. chiropodist AND
Itl manicure.- 101 Grant aye., room 10. -
UV yolK DRKSS GOODS, TAB Lii LINEN,
lace curtains, towels, hosiery, underwear, para-
sols, corsets, embroidery, laces, buttons, linlnts. I
threads, hand Kerchiefs, vel.lngs. etc., very cheap,
at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
ADY (STRANGER) DKSIUES GISNTLK- '
man partner; $25 capital. R. 2. 122 Post st.
YKTLK POTTER'S COSMKJ PARLORS
manicuring, liairdresalng. 1362 a Market st.
room B. ■; •';■•-:'• . ■
DVICK FAKE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc. at- '
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law. 860 Markets:.
ADIE EVANS 1 :. COSMETIC PARLOR^ i
0 manicuring: balrdresslng. 865 Market, r. 12. I
L INE WATCH. REPAIRING. JEWELRY
P made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices; line work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
Ot A PANTS TO ORDER: SAMPLeTbY MAIL.
CI WERTHMAN Pants Co. 22V2 Geary street.
rriHE FiN 7 1 LINK OF remnants-
-1 suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cot Rate Tallor-
ing Company, 1117 Market »t., bet. 7th and bth.
rp HUNKS DKLIVKRKI) _5cT BAY CITY
— Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; lei. Grant 67.
PAJCTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF" MAGAZINE
JT and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
ciasses: instructors. J. H. E. Partlncton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
t THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029i /3 Market su,
bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, OaL
LL FACIAIt BLEMISHES, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs, eta, removed by
Elite Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leaven wort
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIAL! V • FINE
J edge put on razor, Razor Exr hge.63oMarket
VELVET AND CLOJ.H CAPES BELOW
V mauufacMirei-s' cost. 20 Hansome st., upstairs.
OLTJL»UOK STr.KKOPTICON SHOW KVifi-
XJ ry night cor. Market and sixth sts. ; artistic ai-
rertlsements In living light; promoters of boil*
cess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market su
LKCTKIC~ LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
J Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market:
100 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $3 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
3 IUKUAI. Al/VANO.-S u.S IiIA.MUSIJj.Ji.W- 1
J elr>". etc.: lowmi rato^. 648 Market sU
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIK-T
clotbtna bouchu COLMAN. 41 'in. cor. Jesila.
HKAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the |
United '.States or Canada one year for $1 50, post* i
ace free. ■- •
~ DRESSMAKERS.
D"^tIESSKS~V^ UP. wkapPkr3~^so s^upT
lawn f 1 up 60 5 Xatorna sU. above Sixth.
_———_______ „
EDUCATIONAL.
vTmeTiIEL^V I L f. E SN Y DKR^ "fls'poisT^ST?:
iVI v cal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake- I
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty; !
vocal classes Monday, H r. M. ; $1.
PUPILS WANTED IN ENGLISH, LATIN I
X and mathematics: literature a specialty. Jilts
ROULSTON. 724 O'Farrell su
NGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; ENGLISH
literature. MISS FAGEN. 427 Setter st-
tTvKENCH LESSONS, PARISIAN ACCENT, '
X $2 month; also tinging ana piano taughu 109
Taylor su, room 7.
SPANIsH,KRKNCIi.ETC.:Prof.DKFILIPPK'S
Academy of Languages,S2o Post st;estab'<t 1871
AYRIiH", THE A DING COLLEGE, 325
Montiromery St.; individual instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta; 1
life-scholarship $50: low rates per week and mo.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINKSS
college. 781 Market st ; expenses less and 1
scholarship better than elsewhere; day aud nlgbu
~A LMA K. HYhIC, PIANO. MANDOLIN* BA.s- '
__. Jo. 405 Geary, Rm. 17: thorough instruction
OUKKF.S>., 1.1 iMi, ARM'HAITCtiKAJtIt
day & nl:rht: r,iicla<m»i 1 . $5 month. H4 5 Mission
Rot. LOUIS MEKkI; VIOLIN, mandolin,
guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary ,nr. PowlL
ADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH.
es plano,»lnglng.Frenoh:s3mo. h.14. 10051 Polk
R. 4 M is. KOLA.M.KK, TEACHERS MAN
doltn, cultar. banjo. 931 Market at., opp. Mason
7 KLA>CO- I.YCi I'M Si'iiOdL Of ACTINo—
li Private theatricals arrans«d: pupils rehearsed
on *tmre. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. U. W. block, 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL KLKUTIUCAL,<JJVIL, MINING, Xl K.
cbanlcal enirlneertnjr, nurvoying, architecture-
PBsay: estab. '6*. VAN DXX. NAIL-EN, 723 J.lkt.
FlToi■•h.S^Oß O. MANSr IKI.D, TEACHER OF
oli'i guitar t'minlolin. I n-.io. 1707 Mar eL
clairvoyants;
G"~~l T A -VaTtH ii Y^PS Y~QUKEN\ f U IiKTsTH
truthful In her predictions: reliable In her ad-
vice; no matter what troubles you may have, come
' and she will enlde you right; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: o:lice hours from 9 to 9.
M>ft_ POKTKK. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, r»rd- reader.' born -..'lth a douole veil an 1
ctcond Bight; ladles 50c gent* $1; palmistry an.l
clairvoyant Blt:in<— > $1 50. 126 'lurk si., nr. Jont>i
\*ME. SCHMIDT, CL A I VO A T. TEL I,S
>»■ pant, present and future: success to all; tor-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
VI MX. MoT:EAU. BKST MEDIUM: RKVEAI3
i'l past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
ISS_J BIiVl , CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. 766V<» HowarJ st
ME. Ha.VsKN. PALMIST, CaUP-UKADKR:
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6:hst.,r 5.
ME. Ll-.OETTE-PKESENT, PAST AND
future: 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
pONCHITA. CARD READING: PAST, FKKS-
VJ ent, future. 821 Howard St., room 15.
YPSY LIFK-KKADKK, IthMOVKD FROM 5
Seventh to 11 Stockton: ladies -5c: cents 50c.
>I K. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
yrs Kenrny, now 9'J9 Post; fee $1: letter $3,
mkTsybillk shows VICTUR"E~FCTUBi-'
hnshimfi. wife: ladles 25c. 50a 914 o'Knrrel .
' hI'IRITUALISM. ~ ~~~~
"7 VERITABLK QUKKN A.M.ONU Wo__N ii
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWIB.
FF.R $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 & UPWARD
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
«>ye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If si
lead Shis and learn that life is yet worth II vin:!
M Its. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man/
I thousands on this roast In the ten years pant, li
i PKaln at her old" officer 1320 Market street, Baa
( Francisco, and is now as ready as ever to ass: i;
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
Lrooght to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
teparaied are united; tbe dick made strong ; the
poor become rich; if you think your husband, win
or lover Is untrne consult her at once; Her trai-
i« ende nt power Is as tar above those poor mortal 1
who try 10 imitate her as the eternal heavens ara
high above the earth.- NEVER FAILS. s,,eJoei
not know what. failure mea.isl Her "Rev .•»;•• 1
Medicines" . (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. an I no
matter of bow lonic standing. Write If you can-
not call, tor treatment oy mail Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered.
■ Diseases olagnosed from a lock of hair.
t'KK »1 & UPWARD! FKK. $1 <% UPWARD.
-UtS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
«'-.-•■• • 1320 Market St., odp. Seventh,
. ■ ' San Francisco.
lIE ROCD.ESTKR KM CKlxns REPRO-
J. duced to-nlcht at Golden Gate- Hall by Maud
L. Frietaor, the celebrated ballot test medium;
short talk by Rev. Ha worth, and tests ' by -MRS.
LAPP IN NIC AN. Admission 10c
RIE~DBUiP HALL, 31: -"MCALLISTER ST.
MRS. C- J. M KY KR holds meetings Sun. Mon
•J burs, and SaU; 7:30: clr. Tue., Frl. 3 p. m.: sluks.
US LEWIS, BUSINESS MEDIUM: srr~
lines dally; $1; 12 to 5. Parlor 2, 1007
Mark"t st, ...'..
C<PIiUXUALIM IC CIRCLE '10-Ni^HT BY
O Rev. Mr. Howlaod: 25c. 1 Fifth yt.. parlor 1.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFK FLU_B.\"I
business advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
R. MAUD INMAN.ELECTRICTHhHAPKL-
tIc vapor ladies only. Idea Market st.
Bs. KATE HOSKINS, TRa.NCK MEDIUM.
sittings 81; circle Tnenday eve. 136 Oak st.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MARKET: »_AN-
ces Tuesday. Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 .-laity.
M. FRANCIS, INtiEPKNIiKNT .sLaTK-
,. writer. 118 Hftight »:.: -honra B until 6 p m.
: • • • HYPNOTISM. ~""~~
HYPNOTISM AND VITAL MAGNETISM
practically and scientifically taught In 8 les-
eons. a so how to hypno Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school ; a goo i opportanitr
is here offered to physicians and students of
science interested In Its therapeutic ♦'fleets; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
addres* the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 U'-arrell gt. --■-<•■. • -
. PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
FRANK SHAY, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW. ROOM
421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
JOHN K. I.ICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
. 'ii and 27, Crocker . building; telephone Malu
75. Ban Francisco, Cal. . .
JOHN K.AITKKN ANDMAUKICKL. ASHKrT
attysat law, mis 518. 516. s'h floor. Parrott bldg.
. .. ■ STORAGE., ~~~
S' S ~T^K^TG^^cli^A^E^T^N^fH^T!l^YTFlßKt
proot ouilding: advances made. > 211 Lark in.
li^UKNITURK. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
-1 incf^. Bhlnnlnr. > HAS L. TAYLOK.2O4 Posu'
•.TYPEWRITERS.
VSaUgIvAPH; $15rRKMINGTON, $35. SCOTT
V * BAN N AN, 833 Montgomery su ■
BICYCLES.
H"~ToH^GITAirkr^_^HXNiLMATrE^LS ?25 UP;
XX sundries below cos l. 216 McAllister. . :
VHRY FiN_ '96 BIUYOUS FOB *20. DAVID
> N. HAWLEY, 31s Market st,
FOWLER aND*~BEN HUIS. $80; BEN HCR
tandem. Tribune tandem, e r od as new, $100;
all above DAVIS BROS-, 25 Geary st. v .
I AtU.AiN IN A ~~I'EA j, A-Ni»_Ji ; ALSO
I 1 single wheels. "306 Post st. -• ■
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO IJ£T;
X best accommodations. Terminal Geary, _»■
Alllater and Powell st. car linei.
fOR gALK-aiISCELLANEOUS. v
1 HO. LAYING HEXS AND PULLETS. AP-
J.UU ply at JOHNSON'S, oct. Ocean View and
Col ma. >-■ ■
~_~fT> noME-TIC MACHINE: COMPLETE;
I— • in good order. .2437 Mission si., near
Twenty- first.
SKCON D- HAN D~ TINN ERS 1 TOOLS FOB
sale Cheap at 1055 Clay St.. Oakland.
ONK BILLIARD. ONE COM AT 1 ON, ONK
pool table, one bookmakers wheel, one Aus-
tralian banking wheel, all as good as new, for sale
cheap. 129 O'Farrell st.
AOKDO.VSf.nEK PUP, 8 MONTHS OLD.
VX 618 V^ Filbert su
VINE GORDON SETTER PUP, 4 MONTHS
J old; 2 heavy workhorses, doube harness; ca-
nary birds and Maltese kittens. 1612 Stelner st.
pON VEKSK ST., BET. EIGHTH AND NINTH ,
VJ Bryant and Bran nan— 4 rooms and stable for
wagon and 2 horses.
I,'OR GREAT DANE PUPS; 1 YEAR
J old: fine peigree. 116y a Oak st.
BARd, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, MUELV
Ing, etc., bought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr. 7th.
IOFFKE -MILL, SCALE*. LETTER PRKSS
VJ stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. 104 Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A.n D RAT-
Xj tan furniture at tbe factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First su,
near Mission.
PLENKID REMINGTON TYPh WRITER,
$45: others from $20 np. REVALK. 409 Cau
J < OILKKS.ENGINK».2I>-IIANDMACHIXERY >
x) waterplpes. Mclntosh «t Wolpman. 137 Beal<\
C> O C .-. TKK S. biIKLV ING, >HO WOa.-»K-4
bnr3 bough: <t sold. 1121 Va Markt.bet 7tb«&Hth
LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood top*, $5 50 up; repatrinc: open
evenings. 8. F. Baby Carriage Mfg. C 0. .442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BuILKR; ALSO LOT
pulleys, ghaftiu& tic W. _. bA.Ni'uUO,
415 Washington st. • '
*> HOKSKPOWKR GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
-« cine: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st,
.^UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, BA^Hi_
' doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
Ml) " xMiiUHJI a.m> I.AKUK ai.au
hi» and bnrzlr.r proof safe. 10?. 111 Market *:.
\TEVV RAKUK3 CHEAPER THAN BKCONIK
li hand. vV. H.RAY Mfjtq. 1 2 California »--
SEWINO MACHINES.
a ll KINDS "BOUGHT, SOLD. EXCHANGKA
V rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fourth
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
Ij^lNE UPRIGHT, CAREFLLLYUSEDi $160;
. also Stetnway, Chase Bros, and others, good
condition. THE J. DEWING COMPANY, sec-
ond floor, Flood building. Fourth and Market sts.
I <£ 1 Aft STANDARD UPRIGHT; COST «47~5"T
WX x\J. on $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth,
UNTIRING FROM BUSINESS— PIANOS AT A
, —L sacritice to promptly dose out stock: Knabc,
Jlaines and Bush & Certs. A. L. BANCROFT &
CO., 324 Post st,
AN IMMENSE STOCK OF NEW AND SEC-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can offer better terms and prices: remember
ours Is the oldest and largest music-bouse west of
Chicago; call or write. KOULEK <& CHASE, 28
O'Farrell «t., San Francisco.
A CTUaLLY THE BI.ST BARGAINS IN PI-
J\. anos: see our list lor this week: planog on $3,
$4. $5, $6, $7, $8. $9, $10. $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in the city and. kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. The F. W. SFEMCEU CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
4-SToRY BUILDING" CORNER OF
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of piano*: these
I instruments are for sale on monthly payment* of
I #8, $4. $5, $6, $7, $8. *9, $10, $12, $15. $20 and
! $25periuontb: the best or every grade from lowest
pr ces to Stelnway Baby, Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better, pianos can be
bought from us for about seme payments'.' every
piano guaranteed; fine wood-seat stool and draped
cover Included: no charge for dray age: pianos
kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN',
CLAY A CO., cor. Kearny and Snttnr sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland. Or., Seattle. Wash.; Stain-
way representatives for the Pacific Coast. :
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCH-ASK IN MY
p ano business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
I into my own building, at 626 Hayes sU, between
I Octavia and Lacuna, where I can now display
I over four times the amount of instruments than
■ formerly; ail buy tor cash and in carload lots
■ and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
I Ing a piano or organ better value for Jan* money
I than any other music bouse in San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HaRRY SCOTT.
ALL MUSICAL GOODS solo AT REDUCE U
prices, pianos to rent and for bale cheap at
MAUVAI»'.769 Market st.
\\ AG MFICENT StT:l~T\\ AY UPRIGHT AND
I*l Schubert; little used: sacriiice. 1019 Van Nesss
i pOOi> UPRIGHT. cheap fok ca ii.
J VX SUHM ITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlnernla Bank.
! Ct I AH BURLKD WALNUT UPRIGHT Bos-
| I»JU. ton make piano. ÜBUENN'S, 228 Post.
t.. MaDGEK. SOU- AGENT J-OU HALLET
• A Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 >ac'to
HICKEKINU, KNABK. KCK. VOSB. »TKtt-
VJ ling pianos; see our new piano tor 8187: piano*
•cr rf 01. _ENJ. CUKTAZ <fc SON. IB Ofarre.i.
IjYrtoN ii..\t/y, m>* I'osr si SSOHMiitS,
XJ .Nowbc * Kvani. Vriri- imd other pl«no».
UHKRIOR VIOLIN--. ZITHEkSToLU NKW
>~ H. -HUI.LKK. p-.nk'T r- i»»lr»r. i. l_tl-am nlaow.
H-UICAL.
A BLESSING TO LADIES «UFFKRINf»
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex; latest Improved method of treatment;
never tails; perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make them well:
traveler) helped Immediately;- prices to suit the
limes: home In confinement. DR. A MRS,
DAVIEs. 14 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free: French . regulating pink pliU $1;
I hours from 9 a. k. to 5 p. if. and 7 to 9 v m.
LL. CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home In contlni>rneut: regular radii ate phy-
sician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDICAL
ELECTRICITY us"d; ladles, consult tbe doctor
I before going elsewhere; you will save time aud
expense; consultation free und confidential.
MRS. DH. WYEI'H, 918 Post St., near Larkin.
NKW PROCKBS— NO JIKDICINK. INSTRU-
onent or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
'from what cause: restores always in one day;
> can be sent and used at home; all cusp* guaranteed:
if you wnnt to be treated safe and sur» call on a
man's physician. DR. I'OPPKK. 318 Kearny su
B. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of
I trreguiariiies in one day, guaranteeing a euro or
i nocharae; separate home for patients; best skill;
1 low fees: regulator $-. 904 McAllister St.
LPhAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
j safe and sure; (2 50 express c. O. I).: don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BKOS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. DIC WKGKNKR TAKES LADIES BE-
lore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complmuta or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. . • - , .
(JURE CORK FOR ALL DISEASES,
O from whatever caurte: a home Ii: confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 220 Turk si. .
RS. J. A. ACH • KD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 056 Mis-
sion su ■
MRS. M. K. RODOEKS, PRIVATE HOMK IN
lv confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st,
rT~d6ra GRAY — A!.!. fe male~com~
plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 Kddy.
IK IKUKGULAK OR A.NY FKMALK DISEASE
see .MRS.UK. PUKTZ and be content. I!&4ly4 4th,
D~_t. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER BTRKET. NKAK
XJ Jones. Diseases of women and children.
PRIVATE UOUUI.N CONHNKMKN 1". J_U3.
ADR. Fr.vcKK. 1416 Klgnth st.. A Innr-da.
PBOPEBTT TO EXCHANGE. '""
.^/^lcriE"s"'-F7RST^CL"AS^"'FirDTT^A3<'cH^
O\l highly Improved; an ideal home; 2 miles
from Oakland: to exchange for San Francisco,
Alameda, Berkeley, Han Jose or Oakland property.
300 acres, near Mocaon: magnificent sraln ranch;
fine house, 14 rooms an 1 outbuildings; - to ex-
change tor San Francisco. Stockton, Berkeley or
Oakland property. A first-class Kansas farm; 160
acres: new house, barn, etc.: nicely improved: Al
In every particular; to exchance for California
property. Fine orange grove, trees 8 years old. to
exchange for San Francisco or Oakland property.
J. S. MKYKitS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
XCHANGE IMPROVED CITY AND BAY
property for lodging-houses: ranches and val-
uable timber land for lodging-bouses and other
business. UNDKBWOot) & CO.. 765 Market st.
GITY PROPERTY WO TH $750. TO Ex-
\J change lor too 1 land short distance from city.
Address a., box 17, Call. . -. ■.* . ■
REAL ESTATE UN IN CUMBERED FOR
1 furniture or anything you have. Berlin, 813
Market St. .
SkN-DFUKOUK _7~T O*' ORCHAKLt
lor Bale, WOOSTKK <_ WllilToX. Mm Jose.
iqn (1 ACUKb Ti.>lht.K LANU. XXX.V CO.;
X_.OV/ wnter: fine for cattle-ralsln?. N..bx.l6,Catt
' PHYSICIANS.
R. C. C. O'DOXiKLU^ isOSMARKET," Cor 7
Golden Gate aye. ; diseases of women a specialty.
I VOJS'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum. 1051 Market sb: his SO years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by maiL
_____________
FINANCIAL.
¥if^A finft to loa^a^lowTas "banksC
<!$) 1 UU.UUU Apply rm 222, Cal.Safe Dep.Bldg.
.' CIT T .BE AjLJESTATE i .
If OR SAI.E-TrLE^^NT3?E\V~^7mERN RES- |
1 idenci-s situated on Gough St.. near Broadway; ,
contain 8 to 12 rooms, all 1 modern conveniences:
fi»<> view ;. good neighborhood ; complete str. et |
work; these houses should be seen before pur-
chasing elsewhere; terms easy: houses open.
& • A M CST BE SOLD— ONLY PART
tJpUUV/. cash- fine building lot on sunny line of
Hoffman aye., 110 feet south of 24th 3U and a few
feet trom two car lines: fine view and ready for
building. See at once owner, E. H. DITVNKR,
3240 .Mission st. ■
I UCID EXPLANATION OF SIXTEEN TO
■XJ one, that Republicans. Democrats and Popu-
lists all agree upon: that all can tret fair bargains
In real estate at PATThRSON'.->, 2 Valencia st.
SEE THIS TO-DAY— LOVELY ELAB- j
O orate "room cottage on uoldeu Gate aye., near j
Baker st-: hand frescoed; terms to suit: lot 2bx 1
137:6. TQBIN A iIcNALXY, 630 Market st.
OU-*EAND LOT: 6 ROOMS: BATH: CON-
gervatory; cellar; garden. ■ 2439 l.arkin st.
Qj inn MARINE VIKW; PARK LOT: 25x j
tJIIUI/. 120: W. line of Sixteenth aye., near H I
St., opposite Strawberry Lake: near Affiliated Col-
leges; car line: cottages adjoining: a real sacrifice.
Call at 43 sixth M.. room U. 1 to 5 p. M.
"DEAD THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
Xt the San Leandro road and main street to
Fitch burg station; size 100x100: cneup at, $20
per front foot. '
"RESIDENCE CORNER, 100-100, 2 BLOCKS
It from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price if 500.
"BUSINESS CORNER AT FITCHBUJEtG STA-
Xi tion; frontage to suit at 915 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK. 200x600; WILL SUB-
divide into 48 building lots; a good buy to. hold
or retail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, for sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and grow cut flowers for
the market.
ZITHER BARGAINS ON the best streets
VJ In the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc
THaD. S. FITCH. Fltchbnrg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. B. F.
INGLESIDK— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
near racetrack, on Flax ton and Grafton sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden .mantels; all modern Im-
provements: lot 62:6x125; sold at a great sacrifice.
G. W. H, PATTERSON ifc CO., 2 Valencia gt.
CJRnA CASH, BALANCE SAME AS RKNT,
$PO\J\J for a new bouse on east aide of Cole St.,
near Waller: 8 rooms and bath; lar*e lot 2 5x125;
all modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;'
$150 to $'275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
COUNTRY REAL -"STATE.
5 RENT — SATHER 'RANCH^CONTRA
Costa County, on Ban Pablo Creek, 8 miles
from Berkeley: '.50 acres of land, well watered
and wooded: about 350 acres (rood grain land:
balance excellent pasture; suitable for milk or
stock ranch; has railroad facilities. R. E. ROW-
LAND, OrindaPark. ,
A "3SIGNEES SALE. ~~ '. """
iV 300 acres choice level fruit and vegetable
land near Pleasanton, Alameda County ; li/ hours
from Sun Cisco; in tracts of 10 acres upward;
from $20 per acre, Room 57, chronicle building,
Kan Fram Isoo.
mo RENT ON SHARES— ISO- ACRE FARM,
X 20 acres fruit, 20 acres grain land, balance pas-
ture and bay: Rood buildings: school; is miles
from railroad station. M. H. GIBSON, Niles, Cal.
mo LEASE— B36 ACRES, BAY POINT STA-
X tion, Contra Costa. MISS NEELY, 1614 Bush.
ANCH WANTED TO BENT; ABOUT 20
acres, with smail house, not over 10 miles
from Han Jose. Give terms, etc.. to W. T. A., box
9, Call Office. . -
IT'OR SALE, TO CLOSE ESTATE— 2S ACHES,
-T elegant orchard and home, in best part of Niles
and Ceutervllle fruit district; crop this year 110
tons, sold to Karl Fruit Co. for Eastern shipment;
no fair offer refused; buildings and equipment ex-
cellent. state, box 35, Newark. •--.•---- -: •:
miii FINEST HOG RANCH IN THIS STATE
Will be leaned for a term of years, or the right
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as :nu present owner is not able to
give It the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of ho** the year round.
ForpHrtlculars address X. V., box 00. Call Office.
ANY ONK WAKTTNU A _.A>Crt FOtt
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay is required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
f TITLE HOMES, CLOSE To TUW.\, iUf7
xj proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and IC years' credit. D. H. TWING, .Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market st., S. F. - .-v
IT SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARK
XI County, for improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or siau Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Office.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
a_ i Ann I.E-S THAN VALUED" "
«JMUUU Price $23C0: lot 100x120: corner: »
blocks to electric cars and local station; cottage 4
rooms: almost • ews terms, 8700 cash.
$1800— cost $2700: r-o.tagt', 6 rooms, bath.etc.
Cottage 5 rooms: bath: nearly new; modern
throughout; street work and Improvements com*
p:<ta: near school: electric cars and Ir.csl ; 9200
cash, balance mortgage; first come, first served.
$1000 discount: price only $2600: 2-story
house, 10 rooms, 2 flats: modern; lot 45 ft front.
00 principal s-rt et, near business center; this is
a rare bargain; seeing la believing; call and ex-
amine. •
91000 discount: business corner, 100x100; half
Improved: the corner lot is vacant: present in-
come, $900 peritnnum; must be s«vl<i: any offer
above mortgage, $15,400, accepted; $3000 cash
J. :s. MYERS,
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
Ct 1 r-\i\C\ KABY TkBMS; A BARGAIN;
♦IT XO\J\J. chicken ranch: 4-room house; well
good water; 1 acre; Piedmont. WM. P. 10DD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
mo EXCHANGE FOHRANCHES: 30 HOUSES
1 and lots now rented in Oakland, Berkeley and
Alameda. J. H. ED>ON, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
C^iOOD CASH BUSINESS: APPLY AT ONCB.
T T. K. ANDERSON. 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
MY SPECIALTY IS
HOUSE-RENTING IN
OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room house. $25
1-story modem 6-room cottage .....'...... 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 31 10 .MOKE.
wm. M. DkWOLF, House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 .Broadway, Oakland. . ..
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
: ~XATT v 7)TA"MTr?rTT?TrY~!*XTTio^
SCHELLHAAS. furniture-dealer. llth.Oaald
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
< iS» - 9TH7r~*W^BA^HT^2TM7xNT^LTrN^VV
O— ■ I«JU. cottage of 5 rooms: large lot, 50x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$-2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
b: th. now building: your terms are ours.
JO — Cottage of 6 rooms and bath; pretty
garden: close to Cliestnm-sU station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms.
Special bargains In lots; bouses and stores to let
from $10 up. • • -
Office open Sundays and holidays. MARCUSE
& KKMMKL, Bay-s.. station (broad gauge), Ala-
meda.
San 1- net sco office, 638 Market st.
O ACBKS OF LAND IN ALAMEDA FOR
• > sale at a bargain; must be sold: land high and
dry; can be cut np into lots: please call ana In-
apecu T. F. BAIRU, 1303 Park BU. Alameda.
01; {'ill \ LOT 50x160; GOOD LOCATION
«JrL)vF"J. easy terms.
$1300— 33x100; cottage of A rooms and bath;
easy terms.
$2100— .">0xl50: house of 7 rooms and bath.
$5000—50x150: house of 9 rooms and bath. '
BEST LOCATION
To exchange tor San Francisco property: house
of 7 rooms and bath; corner lot; centrally located.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda; office ope
Sundays ami Holidays. Alameda Land Company,
1500 Park St., A aiuoda.
(_O-,nA MUST;BE SOLD; HOUSE OF 10
11JUU. rooms and bath; lot 50x150; cheap-
est buy In Alameda. ' 517 Railroad aye., within 2
blocks of broad and narrow gauge depots. See this.
BERKELEY REAL , ESTATE.
ILT-EDGE BERKELEY C^RNkTr~CHfTalp;
VJ College way and Durant aye.: £>Cxi: 3; aristo-
cratic neighborhood: street work done. J.l*.
ROSS, 1605 Turk st.
G~OOD HO.MES~FOR RENT OR FOR KALE!
on easy term*. O. G. MAY A CO., real eshua,
bulldinir and loans 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
F OIV RKNT, NEWLY FURNISHED COt"
tage 5 rooms, lath and garden, $20. 1933
Berkeley way, East Berkeley.
~ ATTORNEYS-
VORCE^LAWd' A^SPEC tT
XV altyj private; bo charge unless successful ; all
1 law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, eta, at*
tended to. O. W. Howe, att'y-at-law. MSU Market.
\TOAH F. FLOOD, LAWYER, 686" fARKOTT
XI bulldlnn: consultations tree; moderate fees.
INOOBE di " MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law. room 431 Parrott bulldin-; (Emporium).
DVICK FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS CillO
cessful." W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
',7 F. ARAM. ATT' V- AX- LA W. 581 PARIiOT r
■ • bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
KW. KING, ATTOKNKY-AT-LAW. CHRON-
. Ide oldg; advice free; moderate: open evogv
"Tl MONEY TO LOAN.
ffil A(l (inn AT —^ est r atesV cif
«y>XUU.\iUU and Oakland: life insurance,
bankbooks, stocks rihl bonds; estates; any sum.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBKf 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS). WaTCHKS.
ix jewelry, also 0:1 furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
bTCRE. 5*48 Market <".. : open evening.
\\T ANTED -TfIOOO ON 8 PER CENT IN-
»» terest per annum: security.chattel mortgage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M., box 48, call.
ONKY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
«-s: per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. coin, box 2. Call.
WONKY LOAN_-» O.S j_W_L±tX' AN
other valuables at tbe Security Loan Cmca,
UliCilarketsu.nr. Maaon: private entrance 7 Tune
DIRECT ON YOUJt FUK^SITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. HS. Donohu>» bide. 1170 Market st.
£. i - i\i\t\ on LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
«3r~_O.UUl'. improved teal estate at 7 percent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 'il> or 3D MORTGAGED:
xx estates, undivided interests, real estate la do
bate. Jlci:oUiA.\. -4 Monteomerv, room 3.
OANS ON FURNITURE AND PIANOS
j without removal; low Interest. Room 3, 21b
Powell street.
QiZtfl UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<g)OU gages: int. in estates. MURPHY .62B Mrkt
A ON~DIAMONDSS,JIj;VVELKY. KTO
x\ Columbia J»aa A I'ollateral Office. 9 Grant ava.
ONETt TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
UcKI /EN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St. '
\f ONKY LOAN ON PIANOS: LOW RATES.
lil 11 Stockton st. Tel. No. Black 1201.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL, Id wrapper, for matting. -
PAWNBROKERS.
BWISE AND"s AYE INTERESTi^M ONE V
loaned on everything. Cut Kate Loan and be-
cnrlty Utlice, r. 7. Flood bldg. : entrance 809 Mku
AT 126 KKAKNV Sl'.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. low rates;
private rooms: elevator; pledges for sale cheap.
LATESI SHll*jeiNO tMTJfi_~^t-'J-MU«.
Arrived.
SUNDAY, September 13.
' Brshlp Merioneth,' Rowlands, 131 days from
Swansea; coal, to Balfonr. Gnthrie & Co. :
mm— MARRIA-KS— 3
fßlrth, marrtatre and death notices sent by —Ml
will not be inserted. They must, be handed la at
either of the publication offices and belndorssl
with tbe name and residence of person, aot_orU«i
to have the same published. j
BORN.
CAMITZ— In Rhonerville, Humboldt County, Sep-
tember 8. 1896, to the wife of Albert A. Camitz,
a daughter.
HERBOM— In Stockton. September 11, 1896, to
the wife of W. J. Hersom, a son. .
LASCY- September 12. 1596, to tbe wife of Frank
H. Lascy, a son.
MARRIED.
BEABRIGHT— SMITH— In this city, September
13. 1896, at St. Patrick's Church, by the Rev.
Father Quinn. William Thomas Seabright of
. Dover, Kent County, England, and Alice Smith
of County Meath. Ireland. '
DIED. -——-—•
Baeley, Jeremiah - Hoffmann, Katharina
Benson, Martin C. Jenkins (Infant)
Bun, Mary ■ ■■. Kagil, Lawrence ST.
Canepa, D*vld Moulton, Sarah , -
Carigiet, Victoria • Pantoskey, Rebecca
Crocket, Tlllle Potter. William
Dahl, Florence • Powers, Cassie M. ■ '»
Dean, Frank M. Spaldln;, Lvdia A. .
Delee, James M. Sparks, Catherine
Frantzkee. George Summers, William H.
Thatcher, John T.
BAGLEY— In this city, September 11, 1896, Jere-
miah, beloved hnsband of Hannah Bngley, and
father of James J., John F. and Jeremiah Bag-
ley Jr., a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
54 years and 9 months. [New York City and
Cork (Ireland) papers please copy.j
$3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from his late
residence, 327 Clementina street, between
Fourth and Fifth, thence to st. Patrick's Church,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of bis soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENSON— In this city, September 12, 1896, Mar-
tin C. Benson, beloved husband of Severine Ben-
son, father of Rnaolph and Mabel Benson, and
brother of Relnert Benson, a native of Norway,
aged 29 years.
B3T Friends and acquaintances and members of
Court Star of the West No. 6956, A. O. F., are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral TO-
MORROW (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. _.. from
his lace residence, 1319 Minna street, near Four-
teenth, thence to the Scandinavian Lutheran
Church. Howard street, between Twelfth and
Thirteenth, where services will be held, com-
mencing at 2:30 o'clock p. K. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
BURT-In this September 12, 1898, Mary,
beloved wife of W. J. Burt, a native of Ireland,
iged 64 years. " /
jß9T"Fr!onds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 2817. Mission street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriages.
CANEPA— In this city, David Canepa, a native or
Italy, a?ed 39 years. -
CARIGIET-In this city. September 12, 1898.
Victoria Carigiet, beloved wife of the late Jacob
Carigiet, mother of Mrs. Eda Bazzini, Adolph
and Henry Carigiet and Mr*. Krina Rosselli, and
sister of Mrs. Candida Giannini, a native of
Switzerland, aged 50 years.
83" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend toe funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1:45 o'clock p. m , from her late
residence, 7*l a Union street. Interment LO.
O. F. Cemetery.
CROCKETT— In San Rafael, Cal.. September 11,
1896. Tlllle Crockett, aged 17 years and 7
months.
DAHL— In this city. September 12, 1896, Flor-
ence Dahl, dearly beloved daughter of Evana
and Peter Dahl, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 8 months and 20 days.
DEAN— In this city, September 12, 1896, Frank
M. Dean, beloved husband of Eugenia Dean,
father of Charles W. Dean, and son-in-law of
-Mrs. C. Ball, a native of Manchester, England,
a*ed 60 years . and 11 months. [Manchester
(England) papers copy. J
IS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY. September 16, at 2 o'clock p. m., from the
parlors of A. W. Martin & Co., 118 Geary street.
DELEE— In this city, September 12, 1896, James
M. Dfllee. beloved and oldest son of the late
Richard Delee and Elizabeth Lee, end brother of
. Edward, Katie, Charles and Maggie Delee and
William Lee, a native of San Francisco, aged 28
years 11 months and 17 days. .. ■
_r*Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. ic. from the residence
of bis mother, 478 Eighth street, thence to Su
Joseph's Church, corner Tenth and Howard
streets, for services commencing at 1 :30 o'clock:
p, m. interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FRANTZKEE— In this city. September 13, 1896,
George, dearly beloved busuand of Elisabeth
Frantsicee, a native of New York, aged 58 years.
["Virginia City and Reno (Nev.) ana Valiejo
(Ca.) papers please copy.J
js_r friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p. m., from his late
residence, 804 Third street. Interment _ O. O. F.
Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In this city, September 12, 1898.
Katoarina Hoffmann, a native of Germany, aged
(58 years 5 months and 16 days.
JENKINS— In this city, September 11, 1833, In-
fant son of W. M. and Bertha Jenkins.
KASTL— In this city, Lawrence Napoleon, beloved
son of Martin and Mary Kastl, a native of aaa
Francisco, aged 1 year and 13 days.
MOULTON— In this city. September 13, 1896,
Sarah, beloved wife of Harry Monlton, and
motner of Mrs. B. C. Waters, Mrs. H. Scott
and William • and Clarence Moulton, a native of
Cleveland, Ohio, aged 44 years 11 months and 4
days. [Sacramento papers please copy, j
jl^-Friends are respectfully invited*to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Monday), at 1 o'clock
p. m.. from .bo Hamilton-square Bapliit Church,
Pojt street, near Steiner, where services will be
held. Interment Sacramento. Please omit
flowers.
PANTOSKEY— In Oakland. September 12, 1896,
Rebecca Pantoskey, aged 63 years 1 month and
6 days.
POTTER— this city, September 13,1898, Wil-
liam Potter, a native of Indiana, aged 79 years
9 months ana 3 days.
POWERS— In this city. September 13.1596. Cas-
sle M.. Deloved wife of R. F. Power*, and daugh-
ter of Mrs. J. Rad:ord, a native oi s»an Francisco.
Friends ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOIiRO^V
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _-, from the resi-
dence of her motner, 12 j7 Jackson street, theuca
- to St. Bridget's Church, Broadway and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose oi her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
SPA I. DING— in this city. September 12, 1898,
Lvdia A. bpaldln;, a native of New York. ■•.
X3rrhe funeral service* will take place
THIS DAY (Monday), at 9:46 o'clock _. m., at
her late residence, the Bella Vista Hotel.
ARKS— in East Oakland. September 11. VR9S,
Catherine Spares, a native of Kentucky, aged 76
years a momna and 27 days. ....;. 
SUMMERS— In Oakland, September 13. 1896,
William Henry Summers, beloved husband of
Rose bummers, and lather of Belle, Mac. J. M.,
W. H., A. J. , C F. and F. P. miners and Mrs.
W. H Stanley, a native of Philadelphia, Pa,,
B aged 08 years 2 months and 16 days.
THATCHER-In this cUv. September 12. 1898,
John T. Thatcher, a native of Kentucky, aged
49 years 11 months and 17 (lavs. '
1 McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FDNKRAi DIBKCTORS A EMBAIMKRs,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080.
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY; NEAREST CBMK-
tery to the city; Don-sectarian; in no sense ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. Office UW7 Market
•treeti southeast corner or sixta. , -
1112
GOLD DEMOCRATS
ACTIVE WORKERS
They Are About Ready to
Enter the Arena in
Earnest.
BRYAN MEN ALARMED.
An Active Republican Club in
This City Converts Many
Democrats.
NEWS FROM NEW ORLEANS.
A Letter From a Southern Business
Man Shows That McKinley
Will Carry Louisiana.
Those who have solaced themselves
with the thought that the cold Democrats
will be apathetic in this campaign, par
ticularly some of the more hopeful and
blatant silverites, were given a severe
shock yesterday when they read such
names as Clay W. Taylor, John Rosenfeld
and J. J. Valentine in the list of electors
nominated by the Palmer Democrats.
A canvasß of the situation yesterday
greatly encouraged the friends of Palmer
and Buckner and they announced them
selves more determined than ever to exert
every effort to preserve the nucleus of a
Democratic party for the future, believing,
as they do, that Bryan wiil be overwhelm
ingly defeated, and that the preservation
ol the Democratic party depends on united
action now.
"We are busy making plans," said
Chairman jeremian .uynch of the Demo
cratic gold party yesterday, "and we shall
be in the field in due time in such a way
as to be felt."
The great activity of the Palmer faction
has disturbed the Bryan Democrats and
the silver men in general more than any
event that has come to light since the cam
paign got well under way. They bad not
counted on organization to oppose them,
but haii lulled themselves into the belief
that the friends of sound money in the
Democratic party would pursue a iet-alone
policy of passive politics.
They now see beyond all question, how
ever, that Lynch and his friends are at the
helm full ot determination, and that they
will have nothing to do with half-way
measures. The gold Democrats feel confi
dent thai they can win many votes that
would otherwise have gone to Bryan.
They are elated over the matter and the
Bryan ann silver Jorces are correspond
ingly depressed.
John W. Dickinson, a student of practi
cal politics, reported the result of some re
cent observations at Republican head
quarters yesterday. Learning that a num
ber of cigar-dealers are giving away Mc-
Kinley and Bryan badges, Mr. Dickinson
made a canvass among the principal deal
ers on Market street, with the result which
he states as follows:
"The dealers give a customer either
badge according to his preference. For
two or three weeks after Bryan's nomina
tion they could not get enough Brvan
badges, but now they find the tables
turned. Many who took Bryan- buttons
have exchanged them for McKinley but
tons and not one man in tour now asks
for a Bryan button, showing that Mc-
Kinley is at least far in the lead among
men who smoke."
The friends of J. G. Tyrrell were active
in the Twenty-third Senatorial District
yesterday. The Lincoln Club, which is in
the Thirty-first Assembly District, a part
of the Twenty-third Senatorial, held a
rousinp meeting at 107 Ninth street on
Saturday night. This club is doing active
work and has decided to organize a drill
corps of seventy-five members. They in
dorsed Thomas Graham for Police Judge
and speeches were made by A. Planz ani
J. D. Byrne. The California State band
furnished music ana there were songs and
recitations by George Reed and J. Spell
man. Twenty-seven new members signed
the roll, nineteen of whom had always
been Democrats.
The roll is now open for signatures at
115 Tenth street, under charge of Secre
tary F. J. Klenck.
The Cutting Fruit Packing Company is
in receipt of an encouraging letter from a
prominent business man at New Orl< ans.
The writer is hopeful of Republican suc
cess in the South. Among other things
he says:
To produce sugar it is necessary to have a
good, round, liberal protection. Rice needs
protection, and cotton manufactured goods
require good liberal protection; and while we
ha^e been voting a Democratic ticket for
thirty years, and the State has been carried by
the Democrats for twenty-seven years, we
have been under protection of a trood oid re
liable form of Government, and three years of
free trade has been enough to make this State
mori than a doubt ul one.
I believe that Louisiana is at least 35,000
Republican majority for McKinley. There is
only one thing to prevent it, and that is
baliot-box stuffing, which is so common down
here. To what extent this will be carried on
in the coming election is the point that will
decide as to whether the State is Democratic
or Republican. The votes that will go into the
boxes will show a large Republican majority
unless something unlooked for happens, and
they are counted as they are cast.
The revolution In popular feeling is so great
that a man seven years ago who voted a local
Republican ticket woud have been ostracized;
to-day there aru more Republicans in the bet
ter c1hs8«8 of society than there are Demo
crats, and they will vote the Republican ticket
straight.
About two months more of enlightenment of
what nee coinage of silver means, and when
the masses understand that it does not mean
that they can take 53 cents worth of si.verand
have the Government put its stamp on it and
then jret r dollar in gold for it, but that it
will just be a certificate that there is so much
silv.-r contained in the piece tendered, so that
no dispute can arise between people tradine,
they will be for gold and for McKinley, which
Uii-ans sound money.
New Orieans has not gone Republican since
1874, but I think it U safe to bet that in the
coming election it will be carried by a Repub
lican majority of 10,000.
Next Thursday niyht the Haight street
grounds will be thrown open to the public,
for on that evening tuere will be a erand
Republican rally there under the auspices
of the West End Republican dub ot the
Thirty-seventh District. Ben I. Solomon is
the president of this club, Joiin Bennett,
the secretary, and C. O Burton, the chair
man of the executive committee.
The speakers who are to address the
meetinc are George C. Perkins, George A.
NEW TO-DAY.
|lIli!l!!l!l!l!ll!l!!!!!l!!D!l!!l!l!!!!!!!!!I|
A Stimulant
Hj is a good thing if it's the §§
E=E right kind. E=
| Fred Brown's 1
I JAMAICA GINGER m
= stimulates the entire system, EE-
E= without reaction. Warms the ===
E= blood, keeps out cold. SoM S
FRED BROWN CO., Philadelphia.
I l!i M !i|ll | iiiim!iiii!iiiimiiira
3lliilhi|lLiiililillillliiiiiiiij|jjLillilil!llllj]j
Knight, Eupene F. Loud, D. E. McKinley
and William S. Barnes..
There will be a grand Republican mass
meeting at the Auditorium (old Repub
lican Wigwam) at corner of Jones and
Eddy streeu, Monday evenine, the 14th
in^t., at 8 o'clock, sharp, under the au
spices of the Afro-American League. Vocal
music will be furnished by the Afro-Anier
lcan quartet and music by a first-class
band. Speeches will be delivered by Rev.
H. J. Callis, W. E. Henderson, George A.
Knight, Thomas Pearson and F. B.
O'Brien, Republican candidate for Con
gress in the Fourth Congressional District.
VAGRANCY IS CHARGED.
Alice Kdith Dickinson Klythe Arrested
on Eddy Street and Put In the
Dark Cell.
Alice Edith Dickinson Blythe, who laid
claim to half of the Blythe estate as the
contract wiie of the deceased millionaire,
was arrested yesterday afternoon on Eddy
street by Policeman Frank Riiey and
booked at the City Prison on the charge
of vagrancy. She was consiaerably under
the influence of liquor and was so obstrep
erous that she had to be put in a dark
cell.
Her appearance in the Blythe case was
one of the sensations of the day. She was
Thomas Biytht's housekeeper, and alleged
that she and the millionaire entered into a
contract marriage and lived together for
years as man and wife. Through her
attorney, Henry Higuton, sue claimed
half of the estate, and at one time she was
offered $100,000 in casti and an income of
$150 per month for life to relinquish her
claim. She rejected the offer, and finally
had to be satisfied with $9000 paid to her
for a quitclaim so as to obtain a clear title
to the property for Florence Blythe-
Hinckley.
She has been repeatedly arrested for
drunkenness and disturbing the peace,
and now sne has descended to a common
vagrant in tne eyes of the police.
LACKAYE TO LEAVE.
The Creator of Svengali Will Flay
tbe Hypnotist In a Key
Play.
Wilton Lackaye, who Si as been one of
the attractions at the Columbia for four
weeks past, finished his engagement last
evening when he appeared in "The Wife."
This morning Mr. Lackaye will leave for
New York,where he is to begin immediate
rehearsals for hia new play, "Dr. Bel
graff." Mr. Lackaye has declined to be
Svengali any longer, as he does not wish
to become identified with one part, but in
"Dr. Belgraff" he is to have a role whicfi,
in many respects, is a suggestion of his
masterpiece.
Dr. Beigraff is a hypnotist and the char
acter is said to be a very powerful one.
Marie Wainwright is to act as Lackaye's
leading lady and it is predicted that a
death scene between the two stars will be
tbe sensation of tbe season.
The company will take tbe road about
October 1 and will play a three weeks' en
gagement here early in December.
CAPTURED THE BURGLAR
The Residence of L. C. Burton,
Jackson Street, Broken
Into.
Police Were Notified, and After a
Chase of Several B ocks William
Anthony Was Arrested.
A burglar, who gave his name as Wil
liam Anthony and his age as 24, was clev
erly captured yesterday afternoon after a
stern cbase of several blocks and is now
in tbe City Prison.
L. C. Burton owns the two-story house
1426 and 1426^ Jackson street He occu
pies the lower flat and Mrs. Williams the
top flat. Mr. Burton and family are at
present in San Lorenzo and consequently
there was no one in tbe bouse.
Between 3 and 4 o'clock yesterday after
noon Mrs. Williams heard noi-es in the
rear of the lower flat. She asked her son
if the Burtons bad returned, and he said
ne did not think so. It occuired to him
that burglars might be in the house, and
he went outside. Policeman A. B. Thom
son was standing on the corner and he sig
naleo him to come.
There were two burglars in the house,
and they bad apparently observed young
Williams, as they rushed out of the house.
One of them, who proved to be Anthony,
had a hatchet in his hand, and he threat
ened to kill young Williams if he attempt
ed to follow him.
Thomson decided to capture the man
with the hatchet, who turned into Larkin
street, ran along Larkin to Washington,
alone Washington to Polk, pursued by
Thomson. Here Policeman Kelly joined
in the chase and the two raced after the
burglar along Polk to Clay, where Police
man McLaugblin also took a hand in the
pursuit. The burglar doubled back and
ran along Clay to Polk. He dodged into
1611 Polk and ran upstairs to the top of
the building, where he hid behind some
coal boxes and was found by the police
men.
An examination of Burton's house
showed that, the burglars had forced an
entrance by breaking open tbe rear door
with the hatchet. They had also forced
open the front aoor ana one of the win
dows as a means of escape in case of being
surprised.
Nothing was found upon Anthony when
searched at the City Prison, but the other
burglar, who made his escape, may have
had some plunder. This will not be
known till the lamiiy returns from the
country.
SCIENCE OF RELIGION.
Dr. Teed Declares He Is the Bearer
of the Highest
Faith.
Dr. Cyrus R. Teed, the founder of a sect
known as the Korcsban Unity, lectured
yesterday afternoon upon the tenets of his
faith at Foresters' Hall, 102 O'Farrell
street. The Koreshan doctrine endeavors
to scientifically harmonize the teachings
of tLe Bible literally with science.
"Ordinarily there seems to have been a
divorce," the speaker said, "between what
is known as science and what is known as
religion. The world has outgrown any
conception of a practical application of
what is called religion. The science of
religion must necessarily involve some
new conceptions. "
The speaker then proceeded to prove by
scriptural quotations not that the Bible
was wrong, but that the beliefs of modern
scientists were erroneous. He referred to
the Capernicum theory of astronomy as
an example.
All religions, he argued, were trus, but
some were higher than others. Christian
ity he pronounced the highest until the
Koreshan was propagated.
The doctor has a number of followers.
Not 1 ouch but llagley.
The unknown man who came so near occu
pying the grave which was intended for
Mathew Roach in Holy Cross Cemetery is no
longer unidentified. Yesterday forenoon
James Bagley ol 327 Clementina utreet called
at the Morgue and lniormed Deputy Jack
Tyrrell that the Dody was that of his father,
Jeremiah Bagley, a hosier, aged 00 years a
native o. ire, and. The deceased had been out
of employment for some liin, , and it maybe
t!n. l he took his life in despair. He leaves a
widow and one son to lament his 6udden de
mise.
One million will read -Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell K011in8,22 Clay,*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MQNDAY, SEPTEMBER 14, 1896.
WHY A BOYCOTT
WAS INSTITUTED
American Bakers' Union
Places the Ban on
Daly & Davitt.
REFUSED TO UNIONIZE.
Boss Bakers Cause the Arrest o:
Three Men and Now There
Is Trouble.
DAMAGE STTIT WILL FOLLOW.
A Victory Means a Great Deal for
Every Labor Organization
in the City.
There is a merry war on between Ameri
can Bakers' Union No. 51 and Daly &
Davitt, proprietors of the New England
Home Bakeries. A boycott has been de
clared on the latter and there are other
troubles in store for them.
To-morrow three suits of $299 99 each
will be filed in Justice Groezinger's court
for damages alleged to have been sus
tained by Thoma* Keally, Cornelius Daly
and Walter Hand, who were arrested last
week for disturbing the peace. Daly <fc
Davitt were the complaining witnesses,
and thereby hanga as pretty a tale of iaDor
trials and triumphs as has come to the
surface in many months.
The present situation and the causes
which brought about this condition of
affairs may be briefly summed up as fol
lows: For a long time past Bakers' Union
No. 51 has souubt to unionize the New
England Home Bakeries. The proprie
tors fought the proposition, but so guard
edly as to prevent any actual demonstra
tion on the part of the union. Three
weeks ago, however, the bakers agreed
that some drastic measure must be
adopted, and the boycott was thought to
be the most powerful weapon.
The offending firm was notified of the
proposed action, and then according to
the bakers, Daly <fc Davitt entered into an
agreement with the American Bakers'
Lnion No. 51 to unionize their several es
tablishments and increase the wages now
paid to the un on scale. When the time
came to consummate this deal, however,
the bosses failed to come to the scratch,
and a boycott was .accordingly declared.
A lot of circulars were pr.nted and scat
tered in such a manner as not to violate
the law. An advertisement covering half
a page was inserted in the Voice of Labor,
and then Keally, Daly and Hand made
things very disagreeable for the boycotted
firm, by standing in front of their Sixth
street establishment giving the papers to
whosoever would accept one.
Daly & Davitt sought to have them
arrested for disturbing the peace, but the
officers relused to have anything to do
with the matter, contending that the law
was not beine violated. Davitt, assuming
his rights as a citizen, placed the m-n
under arrest himaelt. They were escorted
to the station, but soon after gave bonds
for their appearance.
On Tuesday last the case came ud for
trial, but was continued at the request of
the prosecution until Saturday. The pros
ecution again sought delay, but Judge
Conian wou.d have none of it. He in
quired into the facts and immediately
ordered the cases stricken from the docket,
on the ground that it was no violation of
the law to distribute newspapers. Keally,
Daly and Hand then consulted their attor
ney, George W. Monteith, and on nis ad
vice will bring the suits already men
tioned.
This will be the first proceedings of the
kind ever instituted in this City, and
hence a great deal of interest is being
manifested in labor circles. It is a matter
of dollars with Daly <fc Davitt, and a
question of principle with the union men.
If the latter win it will establish a prece
dent which may prove valuable to them
in the future.
In the meantime tha boycott Is being
pushed with great vi:or and the circulars
are being distributed.
Daly & Davitt do not intend to give in
without a struggle.
HANDBALL BOOMING.
A Number of Close and ixcitlng
Games Played in the Courts
Yecterday.
Handball was on the boom yesterday,
and several close and exciting games were
played in the courts. At the San Fran
cisco court J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet
played a great game against P. T. Don
nelly, the amateur champion, and R. Len
ihan. It was the best of three, and each
game was very close, the final being won
by Nealon and Bonnet by one ace. The
feature of the game was the all- round play
of Nealon.
Some new players made their appear
ance at the Union Court, and acquitted
themselves creditably. The event of the
day was a rattling gain* in which the old
time rivals, R. Lenihan and J. Nelson and
J. J. Feeney and Terry McManus, the
heavy-weight champion, participated.
Five games were played in fine style,
Feeney and McManus winning the final
by four aces.
Several exciting games were played at
the Eureka Court on Eighteenth street,
but through some mi>undersanding the
series of games between players from this
court and the Mission Athletic Club Court,
for the championship of the Mission, did
not take place.
Following were the games played in tha
courts:
San Francisco court— R. Shields and R. Shay
defeated T. Sullivan and J. O'Donnell, 21—15,
17—21,21—20; W. Darius and I\ Barry de
feated J. Brown and C. Butterfield, 21— 12,
14-21, 21—18; J. White and M. McClure de-
I leated J. Collins and W. Stansbury, 21— 10,
18—21,21—20; D. Connelly and J. McEvely
| defeated J. Slattery and M. Condon,
| 21 — 15, 17—21, 21 — 20; J. Collins and
J. White defeated R. Murphy and M.
i Edwards, 21 — 15, 18 — 21, 21 — 28;
i F. Knobloc-h and C. Murray defeated P. Steiner
| and PJHansen for a French supper, 21—14,
10— 21. 21—19. J. J. Feeney and D. Connelly
defeated A. Hampton and G. Hutchinson,
21—14, 17—21, 21—16. J. C. Nealon and T. F.
Bonnet defeated P. Donnelly, amateur cham
pion, and R. Lenihan, 21— 15, 18— 21, 21— 20.
Union court — E. Gardener and W. '1 urner
defeated F. Kiernan and J. Quinlan, 21—17,
15—21, 21—18. W. Prince and George Mc-
I Guire defeated W. McGuire and J. Hogan,
21—15, 13—21, 21—17. R. Mtirphy and
T. E. Willey defeated M. Turner and
C. Carson, 21—18, 16—21, 21—19. V.
Woods and J. Onlvin defeated R. Shields and
M. Basch, 21—13, 17—21, 21—8. J. Dooley
and J. Freeman defeated R. Patterson
and J. C. Johnson, 21—19, 17—21, 21—10.
\V. P. Doran and W. Heffernan deteated F. G.
Doran and P. Driscol', 21—10, 17-21. 21—18.
W Stansbury and P. Hogan defeated D. Regan
and J. BulliVMn, 21—19, 17—21, 21—18. H.
McKenney and Ed Toy deieated P. Taylor and
J. McGovern, 21—16, 15—21, 21-12. J. J.
Feeney and Terry McManus defeated B. Leni
han and J. Nelson, 21—16, 14—21. 21—18,
18—21. 21—17.
Eureka court— P. J. Murray defeated G.
: Coffrey. The McKeon brothers defeated the
| Tniies brothers. Thomas McLaughlin and G.
j ('< ffrey defeated H. McGrath and M. Norton.
! Arthur O'Brien defeated J. Tultes.
At Mission Athletic Club Court.
At the Mission handball courts yester
day's matches resulted as follows:
Matis, 10—21, and M. Boralu, 21-18, de
tested James G'lmore, 16—2, and W. Snlltvan;
W. Sul.lvan, 14—21, and James McGovern,
18—21, defeated Con Riordon, 16—21, and M.
Hutchingson; Otto Rlstßve deie«ted the Mis
sion champion by 21— 4, J. Hardy, referee;
J. Eabaie deieated Fred Mac, 2U— 2l, 21—19,
The Eureka champions failed to ap
pear, but the Mis ? ion Handball Club ex
tend them or any other club a challenge
to play for $50.
BARON HERMAN HERE
Young German .Nobleman Making a
Special Study of Forest and Agri
cultural Industries.
Baron B. R. Herman, tall, striking
looking, young and unmarried, is at the
Palace Hotel.
He ia attached to the German Legation
at Washington and is making two special
investigations in this country for his home
Government One is the study of the agri
cultural industries, the other of tbe forest
industries.
So far he has visited the central and
northwestern States and British Columbia
and the States of Washington and Oregon.
While in this City he will confer with the
National Forest Commissioners, and later
will explore the forest regions of Cali
fornia.
He says that Germany has long nad a
very well denned, strict and perfected sys
tem in the management and preservation
of her forests, but is willing to learn any
thing more that may be of value. The
forest area of Germany is one-fourth the
wnole country, and one-third of tbe tim
ber land is owned by the Government,
one-third by communities and the remain
ing thir.i by private individuals.
The Baron expresses some surprise at
the youthfulness of many of the married
men in America, and declares that the
young fellows in Germany cannot afford
to get married much before they are 30 oa
account of tbe expense of maintaining an
cstablisnment. His own estates are in
Wurtemberg.
STUDYING "TEXAS FEVER."
Dr. J. Sidney Hunt Has Col
lected Data About Cattle
"Ticks."
He Will Now Return to Australia
and Confirm Cattlemen's
Worst Fears.
Dr. J. Sidney Hunt of Queensland, Aus
tralia, physician and member of the Royal
Colleee of Surgeons of England, sent to
the United States recently by the Queens
land Qovemment to study tbe "Texas
fever," returned to the Palace Hotel yes
terday after an absence of six weeks spent
mostly in the cattle country of Texas and
the neighboring States where the herds
are troubled in summer by a "tick" that
so saps tbe system of beef animals that
they become poor as though suffering
from fever.
Not long ago "ticks" appeared upon
cattle in a certain district in the north of
the colony of Queensland. The animals
infested by hun ireds of the small blood
suckers soon began to show tne effect in
loss of flesh. Cattlemen had not before
known oi this paiasite except through re
ports of its depredations in America,
They became alarmed. The result is the
tfisit here of Dr. Hnnt as a Government
commissioner to learn about the Texas
"tick" and to see if the Queensland pest is
the same kind of animal. The emissary
was accompanied in his investigation by
W.lliam Collins, a practical cattleman and
owner oi extensive herds in Queensland.
The cause of the "Texas fever" ap,d the
cause of the Australian cattlemen's
anxiety is now believed by Dr. Hunt to
belong to the same family of "ticks." He
learned, however, that little is yet known
in America as to the most effective means
of destroying this cattle parasite. Many
panaceas, he says, are advocated, but none
he beaeves have proved of great value.
Dr. Francis of the Texas Agricultural
College recommends oil as a preventive.
"I think," remarked Dr. Hunt, "that
we shall probably hav-* to establish a
Quarantine over the cattle of the affected
district to keep the iicks from spreading
to other localities. Such a regulation is
in effect in this country, for no cattle are
sent out of the country south of a certain
line during the months when the 'tick'
flourishes. In this way the 'Texas fever'
has been connnea to a particular locality,
but the Quarantine works a hardship to
the cattlemen, who are thus able to ex
port beef cattle only during the winter
months. That will be the complaint, I
imagine, in Queensland."
AT THE THEATERS.
The Many Attractions That Are Offered
for Thin Kvening at the Play
houses and Elsewhere,
Despite the many unusual attractions,
such as tbe circus and the Home Product
Fair, "Madame Sans Gene" has done well
at the Baldwin — in fact, so well that the
management has concluded to present it
again this evening and continue it for the
balance of the week.
"On the Bowery," as presented last week
by Steve Brodie and his company, will be
produced this evening at the California
Theater, and this piece is booked lor the
balance of the week. Whatever may be
thought of the merit of this production it
draws.
There will be a new attraction at the
Columbia Theater this evening. It is en
titled "The Matrimonial Craze," written
by Waltpr S. Craven. It will be presented
by the Frawley Company, and is said to
be one of the greatest mirth producers
ever put on the boards in this City.
Henry de Mille's "Danger Signal" is
what the audience at the Grand Opera
bouse will witness this evening. There is
in this play a pretty love story and a great
many dangerous situations for the hero.
The piece will be put on with many stage
effects, including a snow-plow scene.
The military drama, "Ours," is on the
programme for presentation at the Alca
zir Theater this evening. It is a play of
England and Russia and hinges on the
war in the Crimea. The leading female
character. Lady Sheniryn, will be person
ated by Mrs. F. M. Bates.
At the Tivoli Opera-house grand ooera
is to be followed by fairy opera. "Hansel
and Gretel," which opened last night, will
be offered, It is an opera founded on one
of Grimm's fairy tales and is said to have
been well received wherever produced.
William H. West will appear in the lead
ing character.
The Orpheum Music Hall will have a
number of new attractions this evening,
the most prominen t of which is Abdullah,
who is reputed to be the most wonderful
of all high-wire performers. Alma, tne
"Queen of the Electric Globe," is also an
nounced, as are also many specialties.
Tbe attraction— that is, the special at
traction—at the Mechanics' and Home
Product Fair to-night will be the exhibit
of athletic proficiency by the members of
the Olympic Club of this City. This in
addition to the many exhibits and the
music.
There will be many attractions at the
Haieht-stree: grounds this evening. An
attractive bill in the Casino is announced.
Then tnere will be the coasting down the
chutes by the gentleman from Milan and
rides on the chutes, the trolley and the
scenic railway.
.Loans on watches, Jewelry, silverware, at Uncle
***rria , 15 Gram avenue.
A SOLID FRONT
AT SACRAMENTO
Fire Insurance Men Will
Now Settle Their Own
Grievances.
FORM A NEW COMPACT.
No "Sack" Will Be Raised to
Avert Hostile Leg
islation,
FAIR BATES TO BE BEBTOBED.
Tbe Agreement Hay Be Ratified Tbis
Week by Local and Foreign
Corporations.
The signs are now favorable for an early
restoration of the compact among tire
underwriters, which was broken eighteen
months ago. Since the insurance men
began the cut tine of rates which ter
minated in a dissolution of the compact,
a great deal of business in tbe way of fire
underwriting has been done, but the mar
gin of profit was small.
At Monterey some months ago an earn*
est effort was made to restore harmony
and bring about an agreement to do busi
ness on a uniform basis of rates, but some
obstacles prevented a reconciliation at
that time. During the past week several
points of difference have been adjusted.
There remains, it is said, one point to be
settled, however, and that relates to the
representation in the proposed compact
of the New York underwriters and the
Hartford Insurance Company. These
companies are represented by one agency,
and the contention is advanced that they
should not have more than one vote in the
association.
Negotiations for an agreement have ex
tended so far that all the foreign as well
as the State insurance companies have
signified their desire to end the rate cut
tins: war at once.
Speaking of the probable outcome of
the negotiations a well-known under
writer said yesterday:
"While the old compact rates will be
recognized as a starting point in the new
agreement, it does not follow that these
rates will be strictly adhered to. In fact
it is conceded that there will be some re
ductions, but surely the blockbooks,
boundaries, etc., established by the for
mer surveys must be used as a guide.
The surveys and blocking which designate
the hazardous precincts were made with
considerable care and the books are now
available and of course will be used in the
adjustment of uniform rates."
Concerning future insurance, this under
writer said: "Agents are now making
contracts for insurance to be executed
sixty days hence. These independent or
unclassified contracts for new insurance or
re-insurance must be executed within
sixty days after the new compact is estab
lished."
These underwriters, who have been
fighting among themselves for the past
year and a half, now recognize that they
must combine to meet what they consider
a common enemy and face what they
regard as a common danger. This dan
gerous enemy is the Legislature. It is a
part of the insurance history of California,
that money has been lavishly spent in
Sacramento to avert hostile legislation.
At one session of the Legislature, the
underwriters were so "shamefully be
trayed" by the members who were sup
posed to have been bought that many of
the leading insurance men registered a
solemn oath never to contribute a dollar
to another sack. One agent expressed
that sentiment yesterday, by saying: "We
didn't put up a dollar for the Legislature
at the last session and we will not put up
a dollar this winter."
It is well known that every session of
the Legislature has its insurance lobby
and no doubt these agents act with the
countenance and authority of the com
pact. The expense of maintaining a lobby
at Sacramento is probably regarded as
legitimate and money used to wine and
dine members who desire information as
to the merits of pending measures may be
charged un to legitimate expenses.
It can De written d' wn as a lacJ that the
underwriters will make many coricessions
among themselves to settle their own dif
ferences and grievances before the Lie?is
lature convenes at Sacramento. Then if
they are called upon to resist "cinch" bills
they will be in a position to act as a unit
in the opposition.
An underwriter who is well informed as
to the progress of negotiations predicts
that tbe agreement will be ratified by ail
the companies, local an<l foreign, within
the next ten days. Then the underwriters
can present a solid front at Sacramento.
WON OUT IN THE TENTH
Imperials Beat the San Fran
ciscos in a Great
Game.
Both Twirlers Kept the Hits Well
Scattered at the Critical
Stages.
There was one of the warmest struggles
ever seen on a local ballfield dnring the
last five innings of the game at Sixteenth
and Folsom streets yesterday afternoon.
At the end of the eighth inning the score
was tied, and so continued up to the tenth,
when a tuise on balls and a triple by Till
son enabled the Imperials to beat the San
Franciscos.
Although errors were by no means
scarce during the contest they were almost
equally divided and cost one side just
about as much as the other. The San
Franciscos outbaited their opponents, btrt
Kelly kept the local men's hits well scat
tered and was very effective at critical
periods. Cooney, too, did well.
The brieht particular star of the game,
however, was Smith, the third baseman of
the Imperials.
He appeared at the right place at the
right time on half a dozen occasions, on
any one of which, had he made an error,*
the game would have gone to the locals.
The error was never made, though.
Smith successfully accepted thirteen
chances, securing eight putout* and five
assists. Three times he fielded bails to
first when it looked as if the batsman
would secure a hit. He also pulled down
several difficult flies. McKee, who played
right field for the Imperials, and Muller,
who guarded left garden, also did well.
McKee made two wonderful throws to
third, while Muller cut off a man at the
plate Dy a great throw from his territory.
Wilds also deserves special mention, but
the entire side, with the possible excep
tion of Nealon, put up a ereat game.
For the San Franciscos Monahan snowed
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
t
SPECIAL
SALE
OJE*
DRAPERY
SILKS!
Commencing Monday, September 14th,
we will place on sale a special purchase of
SIX CASES (23,000 yards) 32-INCH FINE
PRINTED DRAPERY SILKS, all the latest
designs and colorings, at prices that have
never been equaled in this city.
15,000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 40 different designs and colorings,
Price 25c a Yard.
8,000 yards 32-INCH PRINTED DRAPERY
SILKS, 32 different designs and colorings,
Price 30c a Yard.
The particular attention of our regular
patrons is directed to this sale.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121, POST STREET.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Puree de foie gras 20c
regularly 25c
O. F. C. Taylor whisky
One star regularly $1 00 bot. 75c
three " 150 " $1 10
Macaroni, imported lb. ioc
regular 15c.
California figs
regularly, 10c. ■* lbs. 25c
" I2>£c, Adriatic. white, lb. 10c
French prepared mustard
bot. 122 C
regularly 15c (Dandicolle & Gaudin)
Keiller's orange marmal-
ade jar iylc
regularly 25c.
Catalogue free. l ; :^
Mail orders have prompt, careful, intel-
ligent atrentton ; close prices, get the cat-
alogue and send trial order, you'll send
another.
426-432 Pine )
215-217 Sinter VS. F. Mall orders
280J California ) filled at
. Pine Street store.
1( 75 Clay, Oakland^
up in good form, he making three put
outs, two of them on difficult chances, ani
eight assists out of eleven opportunities.
Levy scored for the locals in the first
inning on N.alon's error. Murphy's single
and the effort to catch Murphy napping.
In the second the Imperials got three
men arouni the circuit on hit>* by McKee,
Ward and Tillson bunched with errors by
Krug, Sweeney and Scott. They also
scorel one in the fourth on an errahr by
Zann, which allowed Muller to take two
bases, and Scott's second misplay, which
allowed Muller to score.
The San Franciscos did most of their
run-getting in the tilth. Every man of the
nine went to the bat, and although but
two hits were made five runs were -cored.
Monahan got to first on Kelly's error,
Krug singled, Levy went out at first, ad
vancing the other two a bag, and Murphy
got a base on balls, filling the bases.
Sweeney followed with a double, o-inging
them ail home, and scored himself on
Creamer s error, which gave Leonar i a
life. Leonard stole second, went to third
on Zaun's out and scored on Scott's fly to
center, which Nealon dropped.
That ended the run-getting off Blake's
merry men. With the score 6to 4 against
them the Imperials played a ereac uphill
game. Muller hit for two bases- after two
men were out in the seventh and scored
on a pop fly from Smith's bat, which
dropped safe on the first-base line.
Murphy running from first to get the
ball was met by Smith just as the ball got
within reach. In order to avoid a colli
sion Murphy stepped aside and the ball
fell safe. In the eighth Nealon scored on
his doable and Wild's single.
Neither side tallied in the ninth, but in
the extra inning, after the baa Franciscos
GREAT REMOVAL SALE.
Tlie Eipe Bargains
TIME speeds along. The month of Sep-
tember is here. Only a short time left to
close out the balance of our stock. Not a
dollar's worth ■ will go into oar new
building.
This will be the most attractive week of
the season. THE LAST VESTIGE OF
PROFITS WILL BE THROWN AWAY.
COME FACE TO FACE WITH OUR
BARGAINS and s> c the wonderful per-
suasive power of our prices. Bring this
adv. with you as a price list; it will aid
you greatly in buying.
WE DO AS WE ADVERTISE is a
motto we are not ashamed of. It has paid
us to live up to it. It is pivine FULL
VALUE FOR MONEY EXPENDED that
keeps our store crowded all day long.
Every article quoted below stands unpre-
cedented and unrivaled in the history of
bargain offerings.
SOLID OAK BOX-SEAT DINING- d»1 17 £
CHAIR, with sty.ish slat back. «pl. I
RICHLY CARVED SIDEBOARD, with \t\ A A
a 2B-16 plate.... tplv.Ull
MAHOGANY COBBLER-SEAT ROCK-
ER. graceful design and highly d»n nx
polished tfu.id
SOLID OAK BEDROOM SET ot 6
pieces, 20-24 glas3, elaborately d>l7 -A
carved •pK.'JV
ELEGANT COMBINATION BOOK-
CASE AND WRITING DESK, with d>IO (TA
pattern French-plate mirror «pli.OV
DAINTY WILLOW R0CKER. ........ $2.25
Handsome quarter-sawed OAK LI- J»R AA
BRARY TABLE, with 24x36 top... «pU.VU
Four-room outfit COMPLETE— PAR-
LOR. BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM, d»7?: Aft
KITCHEN JpitMJU
M. FRIEDMAN & GO.
224, 228, 230 and 306, 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 Post Street.
Telephone Grant 13. Open Evening*.
had been retired, Ward scored the win
ning ran for the Imperials on a base on
I balls and a triple by Tillson.
Following is the official score:
San Fhanciscos. A.B. B. b-h. s.b. P.O. A. x.
Jlonahan, 2 b...... 6 10 0 3 8 0
Kruit. s. a 5 13 0 3 11
Levy. 1. f 5 110 10 0
Murphy, 1 b 3 1 2 1 14 0 1
.Sweeney, 3 b 5 12 0 10 1
Leonard, r.f ...... 5 1110 0 0
Zann, c. f 5 0 10 10 1
Scott, c... 5 0 10 4 0^
Coouey.p. 4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals. 43 ~6 U 2 27 11 1
Imperials. a.b. b. bh. S.B. P.O. A. c.
Smith. 3. b.. 5 0 1 1 « 6 °.
Nealon, c. f 5 11 3 0 2
Wilds, 1 d 5 0 2 0 13 0 «
Kelly, p 5 0 110 12
McKee"r.f... ....... 5 110 10 0
Ward.c. 4 2 1 0 2 2 0
Tillson, s. s 5 1 2 1 1 T 0
Muller. 1. f.......... 4 2 10 110
Creamer, i! b. ..2 0 ° _f - - —
Totals. .40 ~7 10 5 SO 16 6
SCORE BY INXISOS-
San Francisco*....! 0 0 0 500 0 0 0-6
Imp-rials 0 30100110 1-7
SUMMARY.
Earned runs— Francisco, 3. Three-base
hits— Km*. OMlsoo. Two-base hits-^eott, Mu!
ler. Nealon. Base on balls-Imperials, 3: Saa
Franciscos, 3. Passed balls-Scott, 1; «*"■?. 1.
Struck out-By Kellv, 1: by Cooney, 2. Umpire—
O'Neill •
Sergeant Anderson's Haul.
Sergeant Anderson, who has charge of the
Chinatown equad, bagged seventeen Mon
golians at 2 o'clock yesterday morning. The
men were up to their eyes at work making
lottery ticsets in St. .Louis alley when the ser
geant and his posse swooped down on them and
carted them off to the California-street station,
where they put up $ 100 bail each before they
got their liberty.