VOLUME LXXX.- NO. 88.
"NOT OPEN MINTS,
BUT OPEN MILLS,"
McKinley Sounds the Note That
Heralds the Return of
Prosperity.
STABLE MONEY AND PROTECTION
TO INDUSTRY.
Republicanism Opposes Free Silver,
Except by International
Agreement.
WHEN FACTORY WHEELS TURN, GOOD
TIMES WILL COME.
The United States Does Not Need a Greater
Volume of Money, but More Oppor
tunity for the Masses to
Earn It.
CANTON, Ohio, Aug. 26. — Major McKinley gave his letter of accept
ance to the pre>s associations this afternoon, having finished his last read
ing and revision of it at 12:30 o'clock. The letter touches upon all of the
important planks in the Republican National platform, but the first half
of it is devoted to an incisive discussion of the money question. The let
ter is as follows :
Hon. John M. Thurston and others, members of the Notification Committee
of the Republican National Convention — Gentlemen: In pursuance of the
promise made to your committee when notified of my nomination as the
Republican candidate for President, I beg to submit this formal accept
ance of that high honor and to consider in detail questions at issue in the
I -ending campaign. Perhaps tbis might be considered unnecessary in
view of my remarks on that occasion and those I have made to delegations
that have visited me since the St. Louis convention; but in view ot the
momentous importance of tbe proper settlement of the issues presented
to our future prosperity and standing as a nation and considering only the
welfare and happiness of our people, I could not be content to omit again
. calling attention to the questions which, iv my opinion, vitally affect our
strength and position among the governments of the world, and our
morality, integrity and patriotism as citizens of that republic wnich for a
century past has been the best hope of the world and the inspiration of
mankind. We must not now prove false to our own standards in govern
ment, nor unmindful of the noble example and wise precepts of the
lathers, or of tbe confidence and trust which our conduct in the past has
always inspired.
THE FREE COINAGE OF SILVER.
For the first time since 1868, if ever before, there is presented to the
American people this year a clear and direct issue as to our monetary
system, of vast importance in its effects and upon the right settlement of
which rests largely the financial nonor and prosperity of the country. It
is proposed by one wing of the Democratic party and its allies, tne People's
and Silver parties, to inaugurate the free and unlimited coinage of silver
by independent action on the part of the United States at a ratio of six
teen ounces of silver to one of gold. The mere declaration of this purpose
is a menace to our financial and industrial interests, and has already
created universal alarm. It involves great peril to the credit and business
of the country, a peril bo grave that conservative men everywhere are
breaking away from their old party associations and uniting with other
patriotic citizens in emphatic protest against the platform of the Demo
cratic National Convention as an assault upon the faith and honor of the
Government and the welfare of the people. We have had few questions in
the lifetime of the Republic more serious than the one which is thus
presented.
The character of the money which shall measure our values and ex
changes, and settle our balances with one another and with the nations
of the world, is of such primary importance and so far reaching in its conse
quences as to call for the most painstaking investigation, and, in the end,
a sober, unprejudiced judgment at the polls. We must not be misled by
phrases nor deluded by false theories. Free silver would not mean that
silver dollars were to be freely had without cost or labor. It would mean
tne free use of the mints of the United States for the few who are owners
of silver bullion, but would make silver coin no freer to the many who
are engaged in other enterprises. It would not make labor easier, tne
hours of labor shorter, or the pay better. It would not make farming
less laborious, or more profitable. It would not start a factory, or make a
demand for an additional day's labor. It would create no new occupa
tions. It would add nothing to the comfort of the masses, the capital of
the people, or the wealth of the Nation. It seeks to introduce a new
measure of value, but would add no value to the thing measured. It
would not conserve values; on the contrary, it would derange all existing
values. It would not restore business confidence, but its direct effect
would be to destroy the little which yet remains.
The meaning of the coinage plank adopted at Chicago is that any one
may take a quantity of silver bullion, now valued at 53 cents, to the mints
of the United States, have it coined at the expense of the Government,
and receive for it a silver dollar, which shall be legal tender for the pay
ment of all debts, public and private.
The owner of the silver bullion would get the silver dollar; it would
belong to him and to nobody else. Other people would get it only by
their labor, the products of their land or something of value. The bullion
owner, on the basis of present values, would receive the silver dollar for
53 cents' worth of silver, and other people would be required to receive it
as a full dollar in the payment of debts. The Government would get
nothing from the transaction. It would bear the expense of coining the
silver and the community would suffer loss by its use.
We have coined since 1878 more than four hundred millions of silver
dollars, which are maintained by tbe Government at parity with gold,
and are full legal tender for the payment of ail debts, public and private.
How are the silver dollars now in use different from those which would be
in use under free coinage? They are to be of the same weight and fine
ness; they are to bear the same stamp of the Government. Why would
they not be of the same value? I answer: The silver dollars now in use
were coined on account of the Government, and not for private account
or gain, and the Government has solemnly agreed to keep them as good as
the best dollars we have. The Government bought the silver bullion at its
market value and coined it into silver dollars. Having exclusive control
of the mintage, it only coins what it can hold at a parity with gold. The
profit, representing the difference between the commercial value of silver
bullion and the face value of the silver dollar, goes to the Government for
the benefit of the people. The Government bought the silver bullion con
tained in the silver dollar at very much less than its coinage value. It
paid it out to its creditors and put it in circulation among the people at its
face value of one hundred cents, or a full dollar. It required the people to
accept it as a legal tender and is thus morally bound to maintain it at a
parity with gold, which was then, as now, the recognized standard with
us, and the most enlightened nations of the world. The Government
having issued and circulated tbe silver dollar, it must in honor protect the
holder from loss. This obligation it has so far sacredly kept. Not only is
there a moral obligation but there is a legal obligation expressed in
public statute to maintain, the parity.
THEY COULD NOT BE KEPT AT PAR.
Tnese dollars, in the particulars I have named, are not the «ame as
the dollars which would be issued under free coinage. They would be the
same in form, but different in value. The Government would have no
part in the transaction, except to coin the silver bullion into dollars. It
would share ,o part oi the profit. It would take upon itself no obligation.
It. would not put the dollars into circulation. It could only get them, as
any citizen would get them, by giving something for tnem. It would deliver.
t»*«m to those who deposited the silver and its connection with the trang
The San Francisco Call.
WILLIAM McKINLEY.
Stalwart Champion of Protection and Sound Money; the Next President of the United States.
action there end. Such are the silver dollars which would be issued under
free coinage of silver at a ratio of 16 to 1. Who would then maintain the
parity? What would keep them at par with gold? There would be no
obligation resting upon the Government to do it. and if toere were, it
would be powerless to do it. The simple truth is, we would be driven to
a silver basis, to silver monometallism. These dollars, therefore, would
stand upon their real value.
If the free and unlimited coinage of silver at a ratio of sixteen ounces
of silver to one ounce of gold would, as some of its advocates assert, make
53 cents in silver worth 100 cents, and the silver dollar equal to the gold
dollar, then we would have no cheaper money than now, and it would be
no easier to get, but that such would be the result is against reason and is
contradicted by experience in all lands. It means the debasement of our
currency to the amcunt of the difference between the commercial and
coin value of the silver dollar, which is ever changing, and the effect
•would be to reduce property values, entail untold financial loss, destroy
confidence, impair the obligations of existing contracts, further impover
ish the laborers and producers of the country, create a panic of unparal
leled severity and inflict upon trade and commerce a deadly blow.
Against any such policy I am unalterably opposed. ,
Bimetallism cannot be -secured by independent action on our part. It
cannot be sustained by opening our mints to the unlimited coinage of the
silver of the world at a ratio of sixteen ounces of silver to one ounce of
gold, when the commercial ratio is more than thirty ounces of silver to
one ounce of gold. Mexico and China have tried the experiment. Mexico
has free coinage of silver and gold at a ratio slightly in excess of sixteen
and a half ounces of silver to one ounce of gold, and while her mints are
freely open to both metals at that ratio not a single dollar in gold bullion
is coined and circulated as money. Gold has been driven out of circula
tion in these countries and they are on a silver basis alone.
Until international agreement is had it is the plain duty of the United
States to maintain the gold standard. It is the recognized and sole stand
ard of the great commercial nations of the world with which we t^ade
more largely than any other. Eighty-four per cent of our foreign trade
for the fiscal year 1895 was with gold standard countries, and our trade
with other countries was settled on a gold basis.
WE NOW HAVE MORE SILVER THAN GOLD.
Chiefly by means of legislation during and since 1878 there has been
put in circulation more than $624,000,000 of silver or its representative.
This has been done in an honest effort to give silver, if possible, the same
bullion and coinage value and encourage the concurrent use of both gold
and silver as money. Prior to that time there had been less than nine
millions of silver dollars coined in the financial history of the United
States, a period of eighty-nine years. This legislation secured the largest
use of silver consistent with financial safety and the pledge to maintain
its parity with gold. We have to-day more silver than gold. This has
been accomplished at times with grave peril to the public credit.
The so-called Sherman law sought to use all the silver product of the
United States for money at United States market value. From 1890 to 1893
the Government purchased 4,500,000 ounces of silver a month, or 54,000,000
ounces a year. This was one-third of the product of the world and
practically all of this country's product. It was believed by those
who then and now favor tree coinage that such use of silver would
advance its bullion value to its coinage value, but this expectation was
not realized. In a few months, notwithstanding the unprecedented mar
ket for the silver produced in the United States, the price of silver went
down very rapidly, reaching a lower point than ever before. Then, upon
the recommendation of President Cleveland, both political parties united
in the repeal of the purchasing clause of the Sherman law. We cannot
with safety engage in further experiment in this direction.
On the 22d of August, 1891, in a public address, 1 said: If we could
have an international ratio, which all the leading nations of the world
would adopt, and the true relation be fixed between the two metals, and
all agree upon the quantity of silver which should constitute a dollar, then
silver would be as free and unlimited in its privileges of coinage as cold
is to-day. But that we have not been able to secure, and with the free
and unlimited coinage oi lilver adopted in the United States at the present
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, AUGUST 27, 1896.
ratio, we would be still further removed from any international agreement.
We may never be able to secure it if we enter upon the isolated coinage of
silver. The double standard implies equality at a ratio, and that equality
can only be established by the concurrent law of nations. It was the con
current law of nations that made the gold standard ; it wilt require the
concurrent law of nations to reinstate ana sustain it.
IT FAVORS THE USE OF SILVER MONEY.
The Republican party has not been, and is not now opposed to the use
of silver money, as its record abundantly shows. It has done all that
could be done for its increased use, with safety and honor, by the United
States acting apart from other Governments. There are those who think
that it has already gone beyond the limit of financial prudence. Surely
we can go no further, and we must not permit false lights to lure ua
across the danger line.
We have more silver in use than any country in the world except
India or China— ssoo,ooo,ooo more than Great Britain, $150,000,000 more
than France, $400,000,000 more than Germany, $325,000,000 less than India,
and $125,000,000 iess than China. Tne Republican party has declared
in favor of any international agreement, and if elected President it
will be my duty to employ all proper means to promote it. The free coin
age of silver in this country would defer, if not defeat, international bimet
allism, and until an international agreement can be had every interest re
quires us to maintain our present standard. Independent free coinage of
silver at a ratio of sixteen ounces of silver to one ounce of gold would in
sure the speedy contraction of the volume of our currency. It would
drive at least live hundred millions of gold dollars, which we now have
permanently, from the trade of the country and greatly decrease our per
capita circulation. It is not proposed by the Republican party to take
from the circulating medium of the country any of the silver we now have.
On the contrary, it is proposed to keep all of the silver money now in cir
culation on a parity with gold by maintaining the pledge of the Govern
ment that all of it shall ba equal to gold.
Tois has been the unbroken policy of the Republican party since 1875.
It has inaugurated no new policy. It will keep in circulation and as good
as gold all of the silver and paper money which are now included in the
currency of the country. It will maintain their parity. It will preserve
their equality in the future as it has always done in the past. It will not
consent to put this country on a silver basis, which would inevitably
follow independent free coinage at a ratio of 16 to 1. It will oppose the .
expulsion of gold from our circulation.
If there is any one thing which should be free from speculation and
fluctuation is is the money of a country. It ought never to be the subject
of mere partisan contention. When we part with our labor, our products,
or our property, we should receive in return money which is as stable and
unchanging in value as the ingenuity of honest men can make it. De
basement of the currency means destruction of values. No one suffers so
much from cheap money as the farmers and laborers. They are the first
to feel its bad effects and the last to recover from them. This has been
the uniform experience of all countries and here, as elsewhere, the poor,
and not the rich, are always the greatest sufferers from every attempt to
debase our money. It would fall with alarming severity upon investments
already made, upon insurance companies and their policy-holders, upon
savings banks and their depositors, upon building and loan associations
and their members, upon the savings of thrift, upon pensioners and their
families and upon wage-earners and the purchasing power of their wages.
UNLIMITED, IRREDEEMABLE PAPER MONEY.
The silver question is not the only issue affecting our money in the
pending contest. Not content with urging the free coinage of silver, its
strongest champions demand that our paper money shall be issued di
rectly by the Government of the Unked States. This is ihe Chicago Demo
cratic declaration. The St. Louis People's party declaration is that "Our
National money shall be issued by the General Government only, without
the intervention of banks of issue, be full legal tender for the payment of
all debts, imblic and private," and.be distributed "directly to the people and
through lawful disbursements of the Government." Thus, in addition to
the free coinage of the world's silver, we are asked to enter upon an era of
unlimited, irredeemable paper currency. The question which W3S fought
out from 1865 to 1879 is thus to be reopened, with all,its uncertainties, and
cheap-money experiments of every conceivabie form foisted upon us.
This indicates a most startling reactionary policy, strangely at variance
with every requirement of sound finance, but the declaration shows the
spirit and purpose of those who by combined action are contending for the
control of the Government. Not satisfied with the debasement of our
coinage, which would inevitably follow the free coinage of silver at 16 to 1,
they would still further degrade our currency and threaten the public
honor by the unlimited issne of an irredeemable paper currency. A
graver menace to our financial standing and credit could hardly be con
ceived, and every patriotic citizen should be aroused to promptly meet and
effectually defeat it.
It is a cause for painful regret and solicitude that an effert is being
made by those high in the counsels of the allied parties to divide the peo
ple of this country into classes and create distinctions among us, which,
in fact, do not exist and are repugnant to our form of government. These
appeals to passion and prejudice are beneath the spirit and intelligence of
a free people, and should be met with stern rebuke by those they are
sought to influence; and I believe they will be. Every attempt to array
class against class, "the classes against the masses, section against sec
tion, labor against capital, the poor against the rich," or interest against
interest in the United States is in the highest degree reprehensible. It is
opposed to the National instinct and interest, and should be resisted bj
every citizen. We are not a Nation of classes, but of sturdy, free, inde
pendent, honorable people, despising the demagogue and never capitu
lating to dishonor. This ever-recurring effort endangers popular govern
ment, and is a menace to our liberties. It is not a new campaign device
or party appeal. It is as old as government among men, but was never
more untimely and unfortunate than now. Washington warned us against
it, and Webster said in the Senate in words which I feel are singularly
appropriate at tbis time:
"I admonish the people against tne object of outcries like these. I
admonish every industrious laborer of this country to be on his guard
against such delusion. I tell him the attempt is to play off his passion
against his interest, and to prevail on him, in the name of liberty, to de
stroy all the fruits of liberty."
PROTECTION OF SUPREME IMPORTANCE.
Another issue cf supreme importance is that of protection. The spirit
of free silver is a menace to be feared. We are already experiencing the
effect of partial free trade. The one must be averted, the other corrected.
The Republican party is wedded to the doctrine of protection, and
was never more earnest in its support and advocacy than now. If argu
ment were needed to stiengthen its devotion to the American system or
increase the hold of that system on the party and the people, it is found
in the lesson and experience of the past three years. Men realize in their
own daily lives what before was to many of them only report, history or
tradition. They have had a trial of both systems and know what each
has done for them.
Washington, in his farewell address September 17, 1796, a hundrd years
ago, said: "As a very important source of strength 1 and security cherish
public credit. One method of preserving it is to use it as sparingly as pos
sible, avoiding the accumulation of debt, not only by shunaing occasions
of expense, but by vigorous exertions in time of peace to discharge tlie
debts which unavoidable wars may have occasioned, not ungenerously
throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear."
To facilitate the enforcement, the maxims of which he announced, he
declared: "It is essential that you should practically bear in mind that
toward the payments of debts there must be revenue; that to have
revenue there must be taxes; that no taxes can be devised which are not
more or less inconvenient or unpleasant; that the intrinsic embarrassment
inseparable from the selection of the proper objects (which is always a
choice of difficulties) ought to be a decisive motive for a candid construc
tion of the conduct of the Government in making it, and for a spirit of
acquiescence in that measure ior obtaining revenues which the public
exigencies may at any time dictate."
Animated by like sentiments the people of the country must now face
the conditions which beset them. The "public exigencies" demand
prompt protective legislation, which will avoid the accumulation ot
further debt by providing adequate revenues for the expenses of the
Government. This is manifestly the requirement of duty. If elected
President of the United States it will be my aim to vigorously promote
this object and give that ample encouragement of the occupations of the
American people, whica. above all else, is so imperatively demanded at
this juncture of our National affairs.
OUR CONDITION IN DECEMBER, 1892.
In December, 1892, President Harrison sent his last message to Con
gress. It was an able and exhaustive review of the condition and
resources of the country. It stated our situation so accurately that lam
sure it will not be amiss to recite his official and valuable testimony.
"There has never been a time in our history," said he. "when work
was !>o abundant, or when wages were so high, whether measured by the
currency in which they are paid or by their power to supply the neces
saries and comforts of life. Tne general average of prices has been such
as to give agriculture a fair participation in the general prosperity. The
new industrial plaats established since October 6. 1890, and np to October
22, 1892, number 345, and the extension of existing plants 108. The new
capital invested amounts to $40,446,060, and the number of additional em
ployes 37,285. During the first six months of the present calendar year
135 new factories were built, of which forty were cotton mills, forty-eight
knitting mills, twenty-six woolen mills, fifteen silk mills, four plush mills
and two linen mills. Of the forty cotton mills, twenty-one have been built
in the Southern States. ''
This fairly describes the happy condition of |the country in December,
1892. What has it been since and what is it now?
The messages of President Cleveland from the oeginning of his second
administration to the present time abound with descriptions of tne de
plorable industrial and financial situation of the country. While no re
sort to history or official statement is required to advise us of the present
condition and that which has prevailed during the past three years, I ven
ture to quote from President Cleveland's first message, August 8, 1893, ad
dressed to the Fifty-third Congress, which he had called together in extra
ordinary session :
"The existence of an alarming and extraordinary business situation,"
said he, "involving the welfare and prosperity of all our people has con
strained me to call together in extra session the people's representatives
in Congress to the end that through the wise and patriotic exercise of the
legislative duties with which they solely are charged the present evils may
be mitigated and dangers threatening the future may be averted.
"Our unfortunate financial plight is not tne result of untoward events,
nor of the conditions related to our natural resources. Nor is it traceable
to any of the afflictions which frequently check National growth and
prosperity. With plenteous crops, with abundant promise of remunera
tive production and manufacture, with unusual invitation to safe invest
ment, and with satisfactory assurances to business enterprises, suddenly
financial distrust and fear have sprung up on every side. Numerons
moneyed institutions have suspended because abundant assets were not
immediately available to meet tne demands of frightened depositors.
Corporations and individuals are content to keep in hand the money they
are usually anxious to loan, and those engaged in legitimate business are
surprised to find that the securities they offer for loans, tfooug heretofore
satisfactory, are no longer accepted. Values supposed to be fixed are fast
becoming conjectural, and loss and failure have invaded every branch of
business."
THE CAUSE OF THE CHANGE.
What a startling and sudden change within the snort period of eight
months— from December, 1892, to August, 1893! What had occurred? A
change of administration— all branches of the Government had been
intrusted to the Democratic party, which was committed against the
protective policy that Had prevailed uninterruptedly for more than thirty
two years and brought unexampled prosperity to the country, and firmly
pledged to its complete overthrow and the substitution of a tariff for
revenue only. The change having been decreed by the elections in
November, its effects were at once anticipated and felt. \Ve cannot close
our eyes to these altered conditions, nor would it be wise to exclude from
contemplation and investigation the cause which produced them. These
are the facts, which we cannot, as people, disregard, and we can only hope
to improve our present condition by a study of their cause.
In December, 1892, we had the same currency and practically the same
volume of currency that we have now. It aggregated in 1892 $2, 372,599, 501,
in 1893 |2,323 ,000..000, in 1894 $2,323,434,362 and in December, 1895,
$2,194,000,230. The per capita for the Nation, too, has been practically the
same during the whole period. The quality of money has been identical —
all kept equal to gold. There is nothing connected with our money
therefore to account for this sudden and aggravated industrial change.
Whatever is to be deprecated in our financial system, it must everywhere
be admitted that our money has been absolutely good, and has brought
neither loss nor inconvenience to its holders. A depreciated currency has
not existed to lurther vex the troubled business situation.
It is a mere pretense to attribute the hard times to the fact that all
our currency is on a god basis. Good money never made times hard.
Those who assert that our present industrial and financial depression is
the result of the gold standard have not read American nistory aright
or been careful students of the events of recent years. We never had
greater prosperity in this country in every field of employment and in
dustry than in the busy years from 1880 to 1892, during all of which time
this country was on a gold basis and employed more gold money in its
financial and business operations than ever before. We had, too, a protec
tive tariff, under which ample revenues were collected for the Government
and an accumulating surplus which was constantly applied to the pay
ment of the public debt. Let us hold fast to that which we know is good.
It is not more money we want; what we want is to put the money we
■ already have at work. When money is employed men are employed.
Both hare always been steadily and remuneratively engaged during the
years of protective tariff legislation. When those who have money lack
PRICE FIVE CENTS.2
confidence in the stability of values and mv st»ents they will not part
with their money. Business is stagnant. The life blood of trade is
checked and congested. ■
W« cannot restore the public confidence by an act which would revolu
tionize all values, or an act which entails a deficiency in the public rev
enues. We cannot inspire confidence by advocating repudiation or prac
ticing dishonesty. We cannot restore confidence either to tne treasury or
to the people without a change in our present tariff legislation.
THE TARIFF OF 1894.
The only measure of a general nature tniit affected the treasury and
the employments of our people, passed by t c i^ifty-third Congress, was
the general tariff act which did not receive the approval of the President.
Whatever virtues may be claimed for that act, there is confessedly one
which it does not possess. Ii lacks the essential virtue of its creation— the
raising of revenue sufficient to suDply the needs of the Government. It
toas at no time provided enough revenue for such needs, but it has caused
a constant deficiency in the treasury and a steady depletion in the earn
ings of labor and land. It ha 3 contributed to swell our National debt
more than $262,000,000— a sura nearly as great as the debt of the Govern
ment from Washington to Lincoln, including all our foreign wars, from
the Revolution to the Rebellion. Since its passage work at home has
been diminished, prices of agricultural products have fallen, confidence
has been arrested and general bnsiness demoralization is seen on every
hand.
The total receipts under the tariff act of 1894, for the first twenty-two
months of its enforcement, from September, 1894, to June, 1896, were $557,
--(315,328, and the expenditures $640,418,363, or a deficiency of $82,803,035.
The decrease in our exports of American products and manufactures dur
ing the first fifteen months of the present tariff, as contrasted with the
exports of the first fifteen months of the tariff of 3890, was $220,353,320.
The excess of exports over imports daring the first fifteen months of the
tariff of 1890 was $213,972,968, but only $56,758,623 under the first fifteen
months of the tariff of 1894, a loss under the latter of $157,214,345. The
net loss in the trade balance of the United States has been $196,983,607 dur
ing the first fifteen months' operation of the tariff of 1894, as compared
with the first fifteen months of the tariff of 1890. The loss has been large,
constant and steady, at the rate of $13,120,000 per month, or $500,000 for
every business day of this year.
We have lost steadily ia both directions; our foreign trade has been
diminished and our domestic trade has suffered incalculable loss. Does
this not suggest the cause of our present depression and indicate its
remedy? Confidence in home enterprises has almost wholly disappeared.
Our shops are closed, or running on half time at reduced wages and small
profit, if not actual loss. Our men are idle, and while they are idle, men
abroad are occupied in supplying us with goods.
Our unrivaled borne market for the farmer has also greatly suffered
because those who constitute it — the great army of American wage
earners — are without the work aud wages they formerly had. if they can
not earn wages they cannot buy products. They cannot earn if they have
no employment, and when they don't earn the farmers' home market is
lessened and impaired, and the loss is felt by both producer and consumer.
The loss of earning power alone in this country in the past three years is
sufficient to bave produced our unfortunate business situation, if our
labor was well employed, and employed at as remunerative wages as in 1892,
in a few months every farmer in the land would feel the glad change in
the increased demand for his products and in the better prices v'hich he
would receive.
NOT OPEN MINTS, BUT OPEN MILLS.
It is not an increase in the volume of money which is the need of the
time, but an increase in the volume of business; not an increase of coin
but an increase of confidence; not more coinage, but a more active use of
the money coined; not open mints for the unlimited coinage of the silver
of the world, but open mills for the full and unrestricted labor of Ameri
can workingmen. The employment of our mints for the coinage of silver
would not bring the necessaries and comforts of life back to our people.
CONCLUDES ITS LABORS,
National Convention of Republi
can Clubs at Milwaukee
Adjourns.
D. D. Woodmanses of Ohio Chosen
President of the League— The
Platform Adopted.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Aug. 26.— The
National Convention of the League of
Republican Clubs concluded its business
at the session to-day, and will meet at
Detroit the second Tuesday of July next.
The session was attended with some ex
citement, arising over the contest for the
presidency. This was confined to Charles
W. Gordon of Illinois and D. D. Wcod
nianseeof Ohio — the latter an old league
man, the former a recent worker in the
ranks.
Woodmansee was elected by the very
close vote of 810 to 804. Besides being un
expected, this result is believed to be dis
appointing to the National Republican
Campaign Committee.
The proposition for biennial sessions
was shelved, and the free coinage of silver
was not mentioned, except to be con
demned. Following is the platform :
We heartily Indorse the platform adopted at
St. Louis by the National Republican Conven
tion, June 17, 1596. The Republican party
was right when it elected Abraham Lincoln.
It was right in its effort to save the Union. It
-was right when it struck the chains from 4,
--000,000 of slaves and made tnem free men. It
was right in carrying into successful opera
tion the resumption of specie payments. It was
right in matins? protection to American In
dustries a cardinal doctrine of the American
people. It wag right in insisting that reci
procity should become the permanent law of
t be land.
It is right now and always has been right In
advocating a safe and stable currency, worth
its face the world over, whether In the hands
of the rich or poor. It was right wbeu it con
fided in the leadership of Grant, Hayes, Gur
fleld, Arthur and Harrison. It was right
•when it nominated William McKinley of
Ohio and Garret A. Hobart of New Jersey, and
we pledge them our hearty and loyal supoort.
We believe that a return to the Republican
policy of protection is as essential to the sol
vency of the Nation as is the maintenance of
the present financial standard to her credit
and her honor. A cheap dollar means low
wages, a financial panic, distress to the poor,
obligations repudiated, a dishonored country,
a blot on our fair history. The Republican
party stands lor honest money, honest treat
ment of our country's defenders, an honest
system of revenue, protecting our industries
and producing sufficient income to conduct
the affairs of the Nation, an bonest system of
exchange with foreign countries as embodied
in the reciprocity Idea of the immortal Blame,
an honest administration of public affairs.
The name of its candidate is synonymous
with honesty, patrioiism, statesmanship and
the highest ideal oi life— duty and govern
ment. Our policies and candidates inspire
the stuae at, quicken tne best thought of the
voter, elevate the citizen and add new luster
to our country's history.
Thf second day's proceedings began at
11:25 o'clock. Secretary Dowling read the
following paragraph in a letter from John
A. Dewees, Denver, Colo., a member^of the
executive committee from Colorado,
which was received with appiause:
We are getting well organized out here and
have nearly all of the old workers back in the
ranks, as one by one they are beginning to see
their mistake in following after r rank folly.
R. J. Wood of South Dakota reported
from the committee on credentials that
the States and Territories and the College
Republican Club League were entitled to
delegates as follows: Each State and Ter
ritory, four from each Congressional .dis
trict and ten at large; the College League,
one delegate from each State in whicu it
is organized.
Among the States ><nd Territories not
represented in the convention were Col
orado, Idaho, Montana, Utah, Washing
ton, Indian Territory, Alaska and New
Mexico.
Mr. Crawford of Kentucky, chairman of
the committee on rules, reported tue
recommendations of that committee,
which provided that the entire vote of the
State be cast by the delegates present.
These reports were adopted.
Mr. Mclntyre, chairman of the com
mittee on ieague work, reported orally
what had been done in the past vvear, a
formal report to be made to the executive
committee.
The committee on resolutions not being
ready to report, the convention proceeded
to the election of a president. General
McAlpin retired from the platform and
Timothy E. Byrnes of Minnesota took the
chair. When California was reached in
the call of States for the presentation of
candidates she gave way to Illinois, and
Mr. Calhoun of that State named Charies
U. Gordon.
The nomination of Gordon was seconded
by delegates from Kansas, lowa, Mary
land, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New
Jersey, Oreeon, South Dakota, Texas,
Wyoming. West Virginia, Wisconsin (in
part).
D. D. Woodmansee of Ohio was pre
sented by Webster Davis of Missouri,
whose eloqnent tribute to the qualities of
the candidate was followed by a great
outburst of applaiue. The nomination
was seconded by delegates from Kentucky,
Louisiana, New York, Delaware. Ohio,
Pennsylvania, Indiana, Wisconsin (in
part) and the College Club League.
While the balloting was in progress the
votes of several States and Territories was
questioned by the advocates of Woodman
see's election, amid considerable excite
ment. No action, however, was tauen
until the rollcall had been completed,
when it was seen that the vote was so close
that a change of a State or two would
change the result.
A delegate from Ohio challenged the
right of the gentlemen who had cast the
votes of West Virginia and Arizona on the
ground that they were not residents of the
State and the Territory respectively. After
much confusion the vote of West Virginia
in favor of Gordon was permitted to stand
and the vote of Arizona was rejected.
This, together with other changes,
elected Mr. Woodmansee. Nebraska's
thirty-four votes, first cast for Gordon,
were counted thirty for Woodmansee and
four for Gordon, with the statement that
while Nebraska desired Gordon's election
it could not consent that it be secured by
unfair means. The vote resulted, Wood
mansee 810, Gordon 804.
On behalf of Gordon's supporters, Mr.
Yates of Illinois moved that Woodman
see's election be made unanimous.
Adopted.
In returning thanks for the election
Woodmansee said he was probably the
most surprised man in the hall. He had
not prepared a speech of acceptance, as he
had hardly deemed it necessary.
Wisconsin named D. C. Owen as a can
didate for the position of secretary against
M. J. Dowling, presented by Minnesota.
Mr. Dowling was elected by a nearly unan
imous vote, Owen receiving but 190 10 his
1288.
The report of the committee on resolu
tions was read by Secretary Dowling and
adopted.
Resolutions of thanks to the retiring
president. General McAlpin, and to the
committees which arranged the meeting,
were adopted.
Melville Hayes of Ohio reported rec
ommending that the next convention
be held in Detroit, the second Tuesday in
.July, 1897. Adopted.
A resolution, Introduced by M. Kelsey
of Michigan, recommending the incor
poration of clubs of commercial travelers,
as auxiliary to the National organization,
was referred to tn« executive committee.
At 4 o'clock the convention adjourned
until 8 p. m., the evening session to be a
public mass-meeting.
At to-night's meeting brief speeches
were made by President Woodmansee,
Alden Smith of Michigan, Charies G.
Dawes of Michigan, Hon. F. X. Schoon
maker of New Jersey and Mrs. J. EUeu
Foster of lowa.
The members of the executive com
mittee present in Milwaukee decided to
night to start to-morrow for Canton to
visit Major McK.nley.
WISCO NSIN GOLD MEN.
Senator filer* I'rrnide* Over a Sound-
Money Democratic Convention.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., Aug. 26.— A1l the
prominent leaders of the sound-money
Democracy in the Btate were present to
day when the State convention was
called to order by Ellis B. Usher of La
Crosse. J. H. Brennan of Stevens Point
was elected temporary chairmau and Sen
ator Vilai permanent chairman. Both
made long addresses, and after the usual
committees were appointed a recess was
taken until 2p. si. At the afternoon ses
sion General Bragg read the platform and
recommended its adoption with an elo
quent speech.
The resolutions adopted as the views of
the convention the declaration of the
National Uemocratic platform ot 1892 on
the money question.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
This wiil only come with the employment of the masses, and such employ
ment is certain to follow the re-estaolisliment of a wise protective policy
which shall encourage manufacturing at home.
Protection bai lost none of its virtue and importance. The first duty
of the Republican party, if restored to power in the country, will bo the
enactment of a tariff law which will raise all the money necessary to con
duct the Government, economically and honestly administered, and so
adjusted as to give preference to home manufactures and adequate protec
tion to home labor and the lionie market.
We are not committed to any special schedules or rates of duty. They
are and should be always subject to change, to meet new conditions, but
the principle upon which rates of duly are imposed are almost the same.
Our duties should always be high enough to measure the difference between
the wages paid labor at home and in competing countries, and to ade
quately protect American investments and American enterprises.
Our farmers nave been hurt by the changes in our tariff legislation as
severely as our laborers and manufacturers, badly as they have suffered.
The Republican platform wisely declares in favor of such encouragement
to our sugar interests as will lead to the production on American soil of all
the sugar which the American people use. It promises to give our wool
and woolen interests "the most ample protection," a guaranty that ought
to commend itself to every patriotic citizen.
Never was a more grievous wrong done the farmers of our country
tnan that &o unjustly inflicted during the past three years upon the wool
growers of America. Although among our most industrious and useful
citizens, their interests have been practically destroyed and our woolen
manufacturers involved in similar disaster. At no time within the past
thirty-six years, and perhaps never during any previous period, have so
many of our woolen factories been suspended as now. The Republican
party can be relied upon to correct these great wrongs, if again intrusted
with the control of Congress.
RECIPROCITY WITH OTHER NATIONS.
Another declaration of the Republican platform that has my most
cordial support is that which favors reciprocity. The splendid results of
the reciprocity arrangements that were made under the authority of the
tariff law of 1890 are striking and suggestive. The brief period they were
in force— in most cases only three years — was not long enough to thor
oughly test their great value, but sufficient was shown by the trial to con
clusively demonstrate the importance and the wisdom of their adoption.
In 1892 the export trade of the United States attained the highest
point in our history. Tbe aggregate of our exports that year reached the
immense sum of $1,030,278,148, a sum greater by $100,000,000 than any pre
vious year. In 1893, owing to the threat of unfriendly tariff legislation,
the total dropped to $847,655,194. Our exports of domestic merchandise
decreased $189,000,000, but reciprocity still secured us a large trade in Cen
tral and South America, and &. larger trade with the West Indies than we
had ever before enjayed. The increase of trade with the countries with
which we had reciprocity agreements was $3,560,515 over our trade in 1892
and $16,440,721 over^cJur trade in 1891. The only countries with which the
United States traded that showed increased exports in 1893 were practi
cally those with which we had reciprocity arrangements.
The reciprocity treaty between tnis country and Spain, touching the
markets of Cuba and Porto Rico, was announced September 1, 1891. The
growth of our trade with Cuba was phenomenal. In 1891 we sold that
country but 114,441 barrels of flour; in 1892. 366,175; in 1893, 616,406, and
in 1894, 662,248. Here was a growtn of nearly 500 per cent, while our ex
portations of flour to Cuba for tfce year ending June 30, 1895»-the year fol
lowing the repeal of the reciprocity treaty— fell to 379,826 barrels, a loss of
nearly half of our trade with that country. The value of our total exports
of merchandise in the United States to Cuba in 1891— the year prior to the
negotiation of the reciprocity treaty— was $12,224,888; in 1892, $17,953,579;
in 1893, $24,157,698; in 1894, $20,125,321. But in 1895. after the arraullment
of the reciprocity agreement, it fell to only $12,887,661.
Many similar examples might be given of our increased trade under
reciprocity with other countries, but enough has been shown of the efficacy
NEW YORK REPUBLICANS
Nominate Congressman Frank
S. Back of Troy for
Governor.
Timothy F. Woodruff for Lieutenant.
Governor and Irving C Vann
for Appellate Judge.
SARATOGA, N. V., Aug. 26.— The sin
cerity of Thomas C. Platt was quickiy
verified to-day when the Republican State
Convention trot down to business. The
Republican leader strictly adhered to his
declaration that he was not a candidate,
and tne following ticket was nominated
with practically little friction. For Gov
ernor, Congressman Frank 8. Black of
Troy; Lieutenant-Governor, Timothy V.
Woodruff of Brooklyn; Judge of tbe
Court of Appeals, Irving C. Vann.
The convention reassembled at 11:45
o'clock, and the rollcall on nomination
for Governor was immediately ordered.
The third ballot was without result, and
the fourth was ordered. As it proceeded
it was seen that Congressman Black of
Troy would be nominated. All counties
down to Clinton, except one, voted solidly
for him. When New York was called,
Edward Lauterbach arose' amid great
cheering, and cast the total 134 votes for
Black. The vote of New York gave Black
a majority of the total vote and the nomi
nation. The official vote was : Votes cast
758. Black 675, Fish 6, Aldridge 77.
The nomination, on motion, was made
unanimous. Mr. Black' was escorted to
the platform and delivered a orief speech
of thanks.
When Mr. Black had finished, the roll
call of tbe convention for nominations for
Lieutenant-Governor was declared in or
der. The names of Titus Sheard of Herki
mer County, Timothy E. Woodruff of
Brooklyn and Nevada N. Stranahan were
tne only names put in nomination and a
ballot was ordered. Mr. Woodruff was
nominated on the first ballot.
The chair then announced that the se
lection of a candidate for Judge of the
Court of Appeals was in order. The secre
tary was directed to cast the ballot of the
convention for Irving C. Vann. He an
nounced that 758 votes were cast for Judge
Vann, and be was declared the nominee of
the convention.
Mr. Woodruff was presented to the con
vention and made a short speech express
ing his gratitude and appreciatiun of the
honor that the convention had conferred
upon him.
The convention then adjourned sine die.
TEACHERS AT CANTON.
A Delegation of 800 Call Upon the
future President.
CANTON, : Ohio, Aue. 26.— Major Mc-
Kinley this afternoon ' received a delega
gatlon composed of 200 of the Teachers'.
Association of Stark ■ and surrounding
counties, which is in V convention here.
They surrounded the bouse and united in
singing" America." This brought the major
out, ; and after addresses by C. L. Hiner
and J. H. Carver, the latter payine a beau
tiful tribute to the major's sister, who was
for -.'thirty years a teacher here. Major Mo
KinJey responded in part as follows:
"Mr. ; Hiner, ladies and • gentlemen: I
cannot permit to pass ' unnoticed— for I
was . deeply moved- ,by • it — the - beautiful
tribute paid by Mr. Carver to a member of
my own family and one whom I dearly
loved. Her splendid work is •; to ■me : a
sweet and perpetual memory, and I grate
fully acknowledge the influence she ex
erted upon my life. v Her noble example
has been to me a constant inspiration.
That the Board •- of Education of Canton
should have *so honored her memory is
most gratifying to her family and friends."
"I have 'i great \ and ; : increasing respect
for ■) the schoolmaster. My ; ; great-grand
father was a ; teacher ;r of j a private
school in New Lisbon, Columbia County,
this State, long before the public ; school
system was established,; and since that
time some member of the family has been
engaged in that honorable occupation. As
J said I have always felt the greatest re
spect for the | schoolmaster, and | now and
then i; possibly : a: i fear of / him : (laughter],
still my earliest ' and *p! easa test recollec
tions are associated i with him, and ; I bear
him only gratitude and .j love. In early
days as now he was the conspicuous fie ure
of the legislation of 1890 to justify the speedy restoration of it 3 reciprocity
provisions. In ray judgment Congress should immediately restore the
reciprocity sections of the law, with such amendments, if any, as time and
experience sanction as wise and proper. The underlying principle of this
legislation must, however, be strict! y observed. It is to afford new mar
kets for our surplus agricultural and manufactured products, without loss
to the Anierica*n laborer of a single day's work that he might otherwise
procure.
The declaration of the platform touching foreign immigration is one
of peculiar importance at this time, when our own laboring people are in
such great distress. lam in hearty sympathy with the present legislation
restraining foreign immigration and favor such extension of the laws as
will secure the United States" from invasion by the debased and criminal
classes of the Old World.
While we adhere to the public policy under which our country has
received great bodies of honest, industrious citizens, who have added to
the wealth, progress and power of the country, and while we welcome iO
our shores the well-disposed and industrious immigrant, who contributes,
by his energy and intelligence, to the cause of free government, we want
no immigrants who do not seek our shores to become citizens. We should
permit none to participate in the advantages of our civilization who do
not sympathize with our aims ana form of government. We should wel
come none who come to make war on our institutions, and prone by public
disquite and turmoil. Against all such our gates must be tightly closed.
SOLDIERS, SAILORS, MARINE AND NAVY.
The soldiers and sailors of the Union should neither be neglected nor
forgotten. The Government, which they served so well, must not make
their lives or condition harder by treating them as supplicants for relief in
old age or distress, nor regard with disdain or contempt the earnest inter
est one comrade naturally manifest? in tne welfare of another. Doubtless
there have been pension abuses and frauds in the numerous claims allowed
by the Government, but the policy governing the administration of the
Pension Bureau must always be fair and liberal. No deserving applicant
should ever suffer because of a wrong perpetrated by or for another.
Our soldiers and sailors gave the best they had. They freely offered
health, strength, limb and life to save the country in the time of its great
est peril, and the Government must honor them in their need as in their
service with the respect and gratitude due to brave, noble and self-sacri
ficing men who are justly entitled to generous aid in their increasing ne
cessities.
The declaration of the Republican platform in favor of the upbuilding
of our merchant marine has my hearty approval. Tne policy of discrim
inating duties in favor of our shipping whicn pravailed in the early years
of our history should be again promptly adopted by Congress and vigor
ously supported until our prestige and supremacy on the seas is fully at
tained. We should no longer contribute directly or indirectly to the
maintenance of the colossal marine of foreign countries, but provide an
efficient and complete marine of our own now that the American navy is
assuming a position commensurate with our importance as a nation, a
policy I am glad to observe the Republican platform strongly indorses.
We must supplement it with a merchant marine that will give us the ad
vantages in both our coastwise and foreign trade that we ought naturally
and properly to enjoy. It should be at once a matter of public policy
and National pride to repossess this immense and prosperous trade.
The pledge of the Republican National Convention that our civil ser
vice laws "shall be sustained and thoroughly and honestly enforced and
extended wherever practicable" is in keeping with the position of the
party for the past twenty-four years, and will be faithfully observed. Our
opponents decry these reforms. They appear willing to abandon all the
advantages maintained after so many years' agitation and effort. They
encourage a return to methods of party favoritism which both parties
bave often denounced, that experience has condemned and that the people
have repeatedly disapproved.
in the community, commanding the con
fidence and often winning the affection of
both pupils and parents. The teacher
ordinarily was the ideal of the pupil. In
him was embodied all that was eood and
true and great, and this was always true
when the pupil loved ttie teacher.
"As 1 look back upon my schooldays I
grow in the conviction that my best
teachers were not the most agreeable
teachers. [Laughter.] I have come to
realize that what was less attractive to me
was most important to my education. If
you have a deep interest in youV country,
if you would show your love for your
country you must give considerable atten
tion to American policies.
"While this call is without any political
significance, it is at least an assurance
that your minds are not wholly absorbed
with literary pursuits, but that now and
then they are turned to considerations of
a political character. The duties of citi
zenship are quite as high and important
as any which can engage our attention,
and the educated man of the country
should be the last to overlook and neg
lect them.
"The teacher is tbe public servant. He
is not in private employment. He is an
essential part of the conservative force
which upholds the National fabric. He
instructs the future citizen and future
statesman. He is a mighty power in the
life of the Nation. His influence has uni
formly been on tbe side of right. He
molds and directs the minds which will
control the destiny of the republic. Gen
tlemen, you are engaged in a noble call
ing. I honor you in your service and
profession. Nothing more exalted could
engage you. The youth are yours to
train. The youth of the land are yours to
instruct. That it may be wisely done you
have my best wishes and prayers. I shall
be glad to meet and greet each and every
one of you personally." [Applause.]
DEMOCRATS AT ST. LOUIS.
.Sound-Money Delegate* to Indianapolis
Are Chosen.
ST. LOUIS, Mo ••Aug.-. 26.— The sound
money Democratic State Convention was
called to order at 11 a. M. to-day in the Ex
position | building by . Colonel James 0.
Broadhead, ex-Minister to Switzerland.
Not more than 300 delegates out of a rep
resentation of 535 were in attendance. The
address of Colonel Broadbead was mainly
devoted to a repudiation of the Chicago
platform. Hon. Fred W. Lehman of St.
Louis was -elected * temporary chairman
and J.West Goodwin of Sedalia temporary
secretary.
After the appointment of the usual com
mittees the convention took a recess until ,
2:30 p. m. Upon reassembling a sharp dis
cussion ensued whether a full State ticket
should ;be nominated. It was decided
that the silver nominations should be
ignored and a full ticket named. John J.
McDowell Trimble of Kansas City is the
only man spoken of for Governor. Four
delegates at large to the Indianapolis con-
vention were chosen. At 5:30 the conven
tion adjourned until 10 A. M. to-morrow.
GOLD IN NEW JERSEY.
The Democratic State Convention Send*
D'legate* to Indiannpoli*.
TRENTON, N. J., Aug. 26.— The State
Convention of gold Democrats was called
to order at 1:30 this afternoon for the
selection of delegates to the Indianapolis
convention. Ex-Secretary of the Treasury
Fairchild made a speech which was heart
ily applauded. After the election of offi
cers the platform was presented. It lavors
the unvarying maintenance of the present
gold standard and denounces the Chicago
platform as revolutionary.
Four delegates at large and sixteen dis
trict delegates were selected to represent
tbe State at the Indiauapolis convention.
Fusion in Minnesota.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., Aug. 26.— The
People's party convention to-day com
pleted fusion with the Democrats by nomi
nating the following ticket: Governor,
John Lind, a silver Republican and Demo
cratic nominee; Lieutenant-Governor,
Major G. M. .Bowler; Secretary of State,
Julius J. Heinnch (Democratic nominee);
Treasurer, Alexander McKinnon (Demo
cratic nominee); Attorney-General, J. A.
keyes.
Fusion in Ohio.
;j SPRINGFIELD, Ohio; ; Ausr. 26. — The
Populist State Convention decided to-night
'to" accept the terms of fusion offered by the
Democrats, and f fusion on i both the State
and electoral tickets in this State is now
assured, ', .- :' c -:,"": : ■--
CIVIL SERVICE REFORM.
IOWA GOLD DEMOCRATS,
They Indorse Cleveland and
Denounce the Chicago
Platform.
Delegates to the Indianapolis Conven
t on Withcut a Suspicion of
Populism
DES MOINES, lowa, Aug. 26.— The
largest Demociatic convention that has
been held in lown in three years was the
gathering of the National Democracy to
day to select, delegates to the Indianapolis
convention. It was a Democratic conven
tion without a suspicion of the Populism
which has been the characteristic of Dem
ocratic conventions for two years. It em
phatically denounced tlie Chicago plat
form, indorsed Cleveland and reiterated
the principles of the National Democracy
of Jackson, Jefferson and Tiiden in a ring
ing platform. J. E. Markley was tempo
rary chairman and made a strong speech.
The permanent chairman was Judge W.
I. Babb, who only a year ago was made
the unanimous nominee of the lowa
Democracy for Governor. His speech was
a long and able exposition of the essential
differences between the principles of true
Democracy and those enunciated at
Chicago, and was vigorously applauded.
Mr. Markley's was the most eloquent,
however, and resulted in breaking the
slate and nominating him unanimously,
in the face of his declination, for elector at
large, W. W. Witnier of Dcs Moines being
his running mate.
For delegates at large to Indianapolis
there were so many aspirants that the con
vention named eight and gave them half
a vote each. Tney are: W. I. Babb,
Jos»ph Eiboeck, William Groneweg, John
Cliggett, L. M. Martin, M. B. Hendricks,'
Joel Stewart and H. H. Trimble. The
only jar in the convention waa wnen a
resolution was presented declaring it the
sense of the convention that every sound
money Democrat should vote against any
Congressional candidate who does not
pledge himself Xo oppose the free coinage
of silver at 16 to 1. It had been decided
that the State or Congressional tickets
would be named by the National Democ
racy, and when this resolution was pre
sented Chairman Babb ruled that the State
convention had no authority over Con
gressional matters, and therefore it was
out of order. There was no opposition to
tne ruling.
The platform reiterates the principles
recognized as those of Democracy; de
clare^ that the Chicago convention sur
rendered these and declared for a new sec
tionalism, of the West and South against
the East and North; declares that the Chi
cago platform is mischievous in its ten
dencies and a menace to free government.
It denounces the Chicago attitude toward
Cleveland, whom it eulogizes. The at
tack on the judiciary is denounced, and
the attitude of the Chicago gathering on
money is discussed at some length. The
declaration on this subject is in substance
as follows:
Tliat platform threatens to debase the
coinage through unlimited coinage of
silver at an arbitrary and fictitious ratio.
It virtually pledges, if placed in power,
to repeal the act for resumption of specie
payment. These are not Democratic prin
ciples and cannot receive our support.
The election of a President pledged to
these principles will precipitate a finan
cial crisis whose consequence cannot be
predicted. We favor use of gold and
silver, maintained at parity; we adhere
to the gold standard until true bimetallism
can be achieved. We demand a reorgan
ization of present financial laws, especi
ally those which compel the issue of Gov
ernment bonds to maintain National
credit. We reaffim the past declarations
of the party on the tariff and on State
issues.
The State Central Committee met after
the convention ana decided to open head
quarters and conduct an active speaking
and literary campaign in the State.
MICHIGAN FOR GOLD.
Gold Democrat* t.lect Delegate* to the
Jndiannpoli* Convention.
LANSING, Mich., Aug. 26.— The gold
Democrats in convention to-day nomi
nated a complete State and electoral
ticket and provided for full representation
The Republican party earnestly opposes this reactionary and entirely
unjustifiable policy. It will take no backward step upon this question.
It will seek to improve, but never degrade the public service.
There are other important and timely declarations m the plat
form which I canr.ot here discuss. I must content myself witn saying
that they have my approval. If, as Republicans, we have lately addressed
our attention with what may seem great stress and earnestness to the new
and unexpected assault upon the financial integrity of the Government,
we have done it because the menace is so grave as to demand especial
consideration, and because we are convinced tha. if the people are aroused
to the true understanding and meaning of this silver an, inflation move
ment they will avert the danger. In doing this, we fee that we render the
best service possible to the country, and we appeal to the intelligence,
conscience and patriotism of the people, irrespective of party or section,
for their earnest support.
IT WILL MAINTAIN LAW AND ORDER.
We avoid no issues. We meet tl.e sadden, dangerous and revolu
tionary assault upon law and order and upon those to whom is confided
by the constitution and laws the authority to uphold and maintain them
which our ooponent. bave made with the same courage that we faced
every emergency since our organization as a party more than forty years
ago. Government by law must first be assured; everything else can wait.
The spirit of lawlessness must be extinguished by the fires of an unselfish
and lofty patriotism. Every attack upon the public faith and even sug
gestion of the repudiation of debts, public or private, must be rebuked by
all men who believe that honesty is the best policy, or who love their
country and would preserve unsullied its iNational honor.
The country ia to be congratulated upon the almost total obliteration
of the sectional lines which for so many years marked the division of the
United State* into slave and free territory, and finally threatened its par
titioninto two separate governments by the dread ordeal of civil- war.
The era of reconcilation, so lon* and earnestly desired by General Grant
and many other great leaders. North and South, has happily come, and
the feeling of distrust and hostility between the sections is everywhere
vanishing*; let us hope never to return.
Nothing is better calculated to eive strength to the Nation at home,
increa»e our power and influence abroad and add to the permanency and
security of our free institutions than the restoration of cordial relations
between the peoole of all sections and parts of our beloved country. If
called by the suffrage of the people to assume the duties of the high office
of President of the United "States I snail count it a privilege to aid, even
in the slightest degree, in the promotion of the spirit of fraternal regard
■which should animate and govern tae citizens of every section, State or
part of the Republic. After the lapse of a century since its utterance, let
us at length and forevar after need the admonition of Wasdington:
"There should De no North, no South, no East, no West, but a com
mon country."
It shall be my constant aim to improve every opportunity to advance
the cause of Government by- promoting that spirit of forbearance and jus
tice which is so essential to our prosperity and happiness by joining most
heartily in all proper efforts to restore the relations of brotherly respect
and affection which in our early history characterized all the people of the
States. 1 would be *lad to contribute toward binding into indivisible
union the different divisions of the country, which, indee^l, now "have
every inducement of sympathy ana interest," to weld them together more
strongly than ever. 1 would rejoice to see demonstrated to the world that
the North and the South and the East and the West are not separated
or in danger of becoming separated because of sectional or party
differences.
The war is long since over; "we are not enemies, but friends," and as
friends we will faithfully and cordially co-operate under the approving
smile of Him who has thus far so signally sustained and guided us, to pre
serve inviolate our country's name and honor, its peace and good order,
and its continued ascendency among the greatest Governments on earth.
William McKijjlet.
for Michigan at the Indianapolis conven
tion. About 125 delegates attended the
convention, which was a harmon
ious gathering. There was no con
test over the various State offices, which
were filled as follows : Governor, Rufus E.
Sprague of Greenville; Lieutenant-Gov
ernor, A. B. Eldridge; Secretary of State,
Samuel L. Boise, St. Clare County; State
Treasurer, Wilder D. Stevens of Kent
County; Auditor-General, Irving W. Con
key of Berrien County; Commissioner of
State Land Office, A. M. Tinker of Jack
son County; Attorney-General, Cyrus E.
Lathrop of Wayne County; Superinten
dent of Public Instruction, William Heap
of Muskegon County; member State
Board of Education, John S. Haggart of
Shiawasee County. John S. Farr of Kent
and S. T. Douglas of Wayne were nomi
nated for electors at large.
A MICHIGAN FUSION.
Democrat*, Populist* and Union Sitrer
ite* Bold a Love feast.
BAY CITY, Mich., Aug. 26.— The con
ference committee of the Democratic,
Populist and Union Silver conventions,
which adjourned early this morning with
out reaching an agreement, went into
session again at 9 o'clock. An agreement
was reached about 10:30 o'clock and the
several conventions met in joint conven
tion this afternoon to receive the report of
tne full committee.
Headed by a Dand the Silver and Popu-
Jist delegates marched in a body to the
Democratic convention hall, where they
were received with wild enthusiasm.
When the delegates were finally seated a
joint convention was organized to cover
legal formalities. Thomas E. Barkworth
was maae chairman and F. H. Hosford
secretary.
Nominations lor Governor were then
declared in order. The silver men nomi
nated Charies P. Sli?h of Grand Rapids
and the Democrats Justin R. Whiting of
St. Clair. Then the convention adjourned.
When it reassembled late this evening a
joint executive campaign committee was
appointed. The Populists then in open
convention rescinded the unit rule and
the chairman announced that Messrs.
Whiting and Sligh had agreed to abide
by the will of the convention, the de
feated aspirant for the Governorship to
take the second place on the ticket.
Th£ following ticket was nominated:
Governor, Charles R. Sligh; Lieutenant-
Governor, Justin R, Whiting; State
Treasurer, Otto E. Karate of Gogebic;
Auditor-General, A. E. Cole of Living
stone; Attorney-General, Alfred J. Mur
phy of Detroit
The name of the ticket will be "Demo
cratic People's Union Silver Ticket." The
vignette will be a representation of a sil
ver dollar and a picture of Bryan.
A resolution offered by Burr W. Jones
of Madison was adopted, declaring Gen
eral Bragg to be Wisconsin's choice for
the nomination for President In ac
knowledging the honor conferred by the
resolution General Bragg said: "I thank
you for the opportunity you have given
me to lead you, solid as I know you will
be, near the flashing of the guns, whether
victory or defeat shall result Irom the con
test." [Applause.]
The following are the delegates at large
to the Indianapolis convention: General
E. S. Bragg of Fond dv Lac, Senator W.
F. Vilas of Madison, J. J. Hogan of La
Crosse, J. F. Flanders of Milwaukee.
Presidential electors at large— S. G. Nash
of Manitowoc and Judge John C. Ludwig
of Milwaukee.
The question of putting a State ticket
in the held was referred to the State Cen
tral Committee with power to act. The
Convention acijo^rned sine die at 7 o'clock.
GoJd Men at Providence.
PROVIDENCE. R. 1., Aug. 26.— The gold
Democrats held a State convention to-day
for the purpose of selecting delegates to
represent tbemjafc ths National Convention
to be held at Indianapolis September 2.
Arnold Greene presided over thiity-fa've
persons present. Delegates and alternates
were chosen. Resolutions which advocated
the existing gold standard and deprecated
the free coinage of silver at any ratio were
adopted. The resolutions also indorse the
administration of President Cleveland and
advocate a tariff for revenue only.
Rhode Island Democrat*.
PROVIDENCE, R. 1., Aug. 26.— The
Democratic State convention met to-day
in Ma ie Hail, and was quite largely at
tended and fairly enthusiastic. Tbe com
mittee oa resolutions reported in support
of Bryan and Sewall and the full Chicago
platform. State electors on the National
ticket were named.
To Bold a Silver Convention.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 26. -A
meeting last night of the executive com
mittee of the Silver party decided that ar
rangements should be made toward hold
ing a silver convention in Chicago Sep
tember 22 under the auspices of the
National Silver party. The representation
in the convention is to be three delegates
from each silver club of twenty members
or more.
Catucd by the Money Stringency.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 26.-Paul
T. Brown, trading as J. W. Brown & Co.,
wholesale erocers, has made an assign
ment. The failure was due to the tight
ness of the money market. The liabili
ties will exceed $100,000; assets not stated.
R. J. Allen, Son & Co., dealers in china
and oils, also assigned. Liabilities and
assets not known. Stringency in the
money market caused the failure.
HEW TO-DAT. / ,
Autumn shapes now ready.
Do you know what buying
hats. of us means?
It means we do not charge
you for a name; It means our
hats are made from the identi-
cal blocks of the exclusive high v '
priced hatters and that they are
made every ' bit as good. It
means that the hatter's $5 Derby
costs you ; $3.50 here ; that his
$1.50 Fedora costs you but 95c
when bought of us.
Boys' Bicycle Caps, 25c.
Drop in and see our Fall
Neckwear and the newest ideas
in fancy Colored Shirts.
'_
Come and see Major Criqui,
the smallest man in the world.
He will give one of his photos,
free of charge, to all purchasers ■
to the amount of 50c or over.
r 3l-333V37iftA^HV iS^
Mail orders promptly filled.
"dr.mcnultyT
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND BE LIABLE SPB.
clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OjHR* ONLY He i storm
Discharges: cures secret Blood acrt Skin Diseases,
I Sores and • dwellings: Nervous • Debility. Impo-
i tence and other weaknesses or Manhood. .
;.■■: He corrects the secret Errors of Vonth and their
5 terrible effect*. Loss of Vitality. Palpitation »« '{*»
: Heart, Loss of Memory. Despondency and other
» troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men.^ „
He restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, *••
moves Deformities and restores tne to
Health. « He also cures Diseases caused by M«f
' cury and other Poisonous Drucs. _ and .cUn.
Dr.MeNulty's methods are reirular and sclen-
ttfic. He uses no patent nostrums or ready-mad*
Dreoarations, but cures the disease by thorough
I . meaioij treatmea*. His New Pamphlet on Prj. ,
■■ . vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
' their, trouble. Patients cured &t Home. Term* \?
re H S o°urs-9 to 3 dully; «80 to 8: TO evening*. Sua.
days. 10 to 12 only. - Consultation free and »v
credly confidential . Call on or address . •
: P. KOSCOK McNULTT. M. D.,
99i4 Kearny St., San Francisco, CaL '
■3- Beware of strangers who try to talk to yo»
about your disease on the streets or elsewhere.
They are cappers or gteerers fur swindling doctor*.
;':MEN OF INDUSTRY WHO STAND BY McKINLEY.
Representatives of every calling to which men devote time and energy to provide
for their families and secure for themselves the necessities and luxuries that honest
labor affords, were interviewed yesterday as to why they were Republicans and why
they intend to vote next November for McKinley and Hobart.
Of those interviewed all declared their sole reason for casting their rote for
McKinley was the fact that their votes would be drops in the bucket to make up the
plenitude of protection. "Protection," they said, "will stimulate industry. It will
set in motion the machinery of factories that has long been idle. It will give the
mechanic work to do; it will help to raise wages; it will bring more money into
the stores, because when prosperity reigns the workingman, of whatever craft he may
be, will spend his money and receive therefor comforts and necessities."
NO MORE DEMOCRACY.
J. McCOY has been a Democrat since he was old enough to cast his first vote,
has never in his life voted for any
Bother than a Democratic Presidential
I nominee. His occupation is that of an
Hironmolder and he is employed in that
I capacity Dy the firm of O'Connell &
H Lewis.
"This year I am going to cast my first
I vote for a Republican nominee for Presi-
I dent," ne declared. "Major McKinley is
I the man in my estimation who represents
I the best interests of the laboring classes.
"My reason in brief for thus voting is,
I protection is the only thing that will
I draw this country from the slough of
I despondency. Business in my line has
I been going down hill for the past four
I years. We never had such hard times
Bunder a Republican administration, and
I especially under the McKinley bill.
"As regards the money question, I am
I for a bimetallic standard, but I do not be-
I lieve it can ever be bad, except by inter-
I national agreement. We are not ready
I for it yet anyhow, and the financial policy
I adopted by the Democratic party can re-
suit in nothing but chaos. lam conser
vative myself, and when I look around me and see men idle and begging for a chance
to earn bread for their families I cannot help but conclude that something is 'rotten
in Denmark.' If McKinley be elected I shall confidently look forward to the time
when the country will be as prosperous as it was before the 'Stuffed Prophet 1 began
his despotic career."
J. W. RAPHAEL'S IDEAS.
'•I believe the country will thrive under a protective system," said J. W. Raphael
"that will open our mills and give employ-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l
merit to our wage-makers.
"If McKinley is elected I think thereH
will be a restoration of confidence, andH
upon this hinges the investment of capital.
Capital is timid at the best. If there is al
lack of confidence naturally investmentß
ceases until it is determined if it ia safe to^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^B
invesL^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
"The principal thing to-day is to protect
our own industries so that employment
may be given to American labor. The
money question is only a snare and a de
lusion. The thing is to give the wage
earner a chance to earn money. There is
ample money in the country. It has been
hoarded up, and till the people, the
capitalists, are assured that an investment
is safe, there will be ne revival of indus
tries.
"I shall vote for McKinley. We do not,
however, influence the men in our em
ploy; they may vote for whoever they
choose.
"Regarding the money question. To
lift the whole thing down, only 8 per cent
of the business of the United States is transacted with coin; 92 per cent of it is with
checks and bills of exchange. But what seems to me paramount to all other things
in the campaign is to give the workmen steady employment. Let him earn the dollar
and let him have it in his pocket. I believe the Republican platform has in it the
ingredients of prosperity.
"What we Californians want to do is to expand our commerce and make San
Francisco a great manufacturing City. We want the commerce of the Pacific. What
we produce we should find a market for. Instead of dumping our fruits in the bay
we should dry, can and ship them to the Orient. The young merchants of our City
ihould look to this. We must reach out for more trade and tatce up the task un
completed by James G. Blame — reciprocity with all countries contiguous witlx
our own."
IT WILL HELP DRY GOODS.
"So far as the dry-goods business is concerned," said Marshall Hale, "the tariff
directly affects the trade. Protection means protection to American industries. It
means to give the infant industries of the United States a chance to grow and become
competitors of the markets of the world. Before the McKinley bill went into effect we
were importing a great many foreign goods. After its passage we bought at home.
Among the infant industries which were started there were velvet manufactories, ho
siery, dress goods, cassimeres and woolens of all kinds. Now we are forced again to
buy foreign goods. Instead of employing the laborers of the United States we are fill
ing the coffers of England, France and Germany. Everything is regulated by supply
and demand, and if the country be prosperous the people will bny more."
TALE OF A BRASS-FOUNDER.
WHYTE of the firm of De Rome (fWfayte. brass-founders, said: "I was
bom a Republican, i guess, and shall
I always be one. McKinJey's election will
I help my business, therefore I will rote for
IMe Kinley. His election will cause a gen*
Heral prosperity. The principles of the Re-
I publican platform if carried out will
I bring better times. As a standard to work
Bon I consider it the foundation of finan-
Hcial soundness and business confidence.
"The stopping or rather restricting of
Hforeign immigration 1 consider one of its
Hraain features; also the protection of our
I industries. In protecting the manufac-
Hturer the farmer should not be forgotten.
Hi believe that the tariff should be a little
Hmore than for revenue only. It should be
Hused to erect new institutions, help new
Hindustries and build warships. Yet Ido
Hnot believe in putting the tariff too high
I "The restoration of confidence on the
Helection of McKinley will do much to help
Hthe restoration of prosperity.
I "Taking off duty on statuary has bur;
Hus a great deal. Outside of that our trad j
His impeded by the general depression. I
forward to profit and easier times
next year. I feel confident of the return of the old Republican party to power."
PROTECTION THE ISSUE.
W. H. PRICE is employed by ClabrouKh&Qolcherasagunsmith^PricehM
worked in many of the largest establish-
ments in the country. At the time the I
McKinley bill went into operation be was I
employed as expert gunsmith by a large I
manufacturer of guns.
"I am for McKinley," he stated empbati- I
cally. "Why? Simpiy because times were I
far better in my line of business when bis I
bill was in operation.
"That is the chief reason. I believe in & I
high protective tariff. While I was in I
Chicago the MtKinley bill was passed by I
Congress. Prior to that time the firm, in I
common with all others, had been obliged I
to manufacture the cheapest grade of guns I
to be had in order to make any sales at all. I
As soon as the bill was adopted we were I
able to turn out first-class guns and could I
get a fair price for them.
"As regards the currency question I do I
not deem myself well enough informed to I
speak, but on the one issue of protection I
alone I am in favor of McKinley, and I I
believe be will be the next President."
Mr. Price evidently had no doubt of the I
final result of the campaign. He claimed
that all people required was to think a little in order to vote for McKinley.
FROM A REAL-ESTATE MAN.
"I am a Republican," said J. J. McEWEN, "because I believe the protective ques
tion the most intelligent one before the public to-day. No more striking instance of
the fallacy of the so-called advantages if the reduction in tariff or free trade can be
cited than in the coal question. Under the Republican administration the Govern
ment received a duty of 75 cents a ton on all foreign coal brought into market. Our
Democratic friends held that if the duty were taKen off coal a^i manufacturing indus
tries concerned in its consumption would flourish. The Wilson tariff bill reduced the
tariff on coal 40 cents per ton, and what was the result? It cut no figure at all in the
price to the consumer. There was really a slight advance.
"The men of industry and means who start business enterprises and the wheels of
factories into motion have confidence in the Republican party. If the party succeeds
I look forward to a revival of industries and to general business prosperity."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
F. A. BASTIAN is employed as machinist at the Joshua Hendy Machine "Works.
did not have much time in which to
■ talk, but made the most of it. He is out
and out for. McKinley and Republicanism,
■ and declares his . belief that free silver
■ would ruin the country. -
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^H "When the free-silver agitation begsn,"
■he said, "I was at first; inclined to become
■ a proselyte to that ' policy, but after due
■ study and deliberation I arrived at the
■conclusion that it would mean financial
■disaster. ■ :
■_■_■_■_■_■_■_■_■_■■ "In my line of business the effects of
■ Clevelandism have begun to make them
■selves felt. I - believe in ; protection, and
■my faith in its. good results has never
■ wavered for an instant. Japanese are
■coming here every day, and after they
■have learned the various trades they go
■home and manufacture articles at prices
■with which an American workingman can
■not expect to compete.
■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■^■J "For instance, suppose they learn the
trade of a machinist;-' they will manufac
ture machines of all kinds and send them
■here at such low I rates that unless our
manufacturers are protected by a sufficient
tariff they will force them to reduce workingmen's wages and employ other artifices
in order to maintain their business.
"Yes, sir; I am for McKinley because he is the workingman's friend, and my vote
will be cast for him. From what I hear he will have a walkover, so far as the
laboring classes are concerned."
MARTIN FUCHS is employed as pattern-maker at the Vulcan Iron Works.
From bis busy task be stopped long^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
enough to give his views on the politicalH
question, and they were thoroughly Re-H
publican. .
"My first vote was cast' for RutherfordM
B. Hayes," he said. "Since that time iH
have always considered it a safe policy to l
stay with the party of my early choice.
, "I voice only the sentiment of the largeH
majority of men employed here when iH
Bay that . I am an out and out McKinleyß
man. lam that simply because I believeH
the welfare of our Isationlie^inadheringß
to a protective tariff^
"Business in my line was brisKeranilM
pay was better under the McKinley billH
than it is now. If something is not doneH
pretty soon the wheels of all our factoriesM
will cease running.
"For twenty years I have lived on thisH
coast, and during that time no paper butH
The Call has ever passed my threshold. H
I admire its sterling Republican policyH
and hope soon for the day when McKin-H
ley's portrait will ornament its front pageM
over the caption, 'Behold the people's^
choice! Democracy with all its attendant disaster is doomed 1' "
"Four years ago," said W. H. Nolan, the shoeman, "on my trip around the world
in Smyrna, Turkey and Asia, my dragoman told me to be careful not to laud the
name of McKinley. 'They are all crying down McKinley,' said he, 'for he was the
cause of nearly all of the American carpet-buyers leaving this country.' The McKin
ley bill caused such high rates on carpets that it did not profit the American buyer to
go outside of his own country.
"I know that the McKinley bill has advanced the American interests iv the lines
of the carpet manufactures. If I had been a Democrat at tfcat time I should certainly
have turned Republican.
"In Singapore, Japan and Hongkong they all cry down McKinley, but Turkey
has the greatest hatred for him. I don't see how we are going to have gold or silver
without protection."
E. H. BLACK, painter and decorator, said: "If Bryan be elected we never will
have any good times. What I believe will
result if McKinley be elected will be the
ease and confidence with which money
will be invested. Then I shall get some
of it. On the other hand, I believe if
Bryan be elected this country will ex-
I perience the greatest disaster it has yet
Hgone through. The man who has money
I will net invest unless lie has a good reason
I for doing so. Rents are low now, and this
I affects my business. Property-owners
I will have no improvements made. They
I will let a house go as long as possible
I without repair. A house that rented for
8?45 fifteen years ago now brings only $25.
I The rents have been reduced because peo-
I pie can get nothing to do. 1 lay the cause
I of the whole matter to a lack of protection
I to our industries.
"I have a prune orchard in the Santa
I Clara Valley. The Wilson bill has hurt
Hme in thb. With this bill removed I
I could double my profits. I believe when
I the Republican party gets into power it
■wiTlgivecon tide nee to the people and our
will see a change. The advent of
the Republican party into power is of vital importance to me. When they feel the
impetus given to all the trades and factories times will begin to improve."
"I can't see," said JOHN PETTY, the blacksmith, "that the silver proposition
will help the wof kingman at all. What^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
we want is protection. We can't expectH
to cat older countries out of the market. l
I have always been a Republican— everM
since, in fact, 1 came to this country f rom I
England. I think McKinley will brineß
prosperity. I see no other thing to helpH
us besides protection; without this rhereM
can be little labor to do. Free tradeH
means starvation wages. I am sure pro-M
tection will help my business by helpincH
everybody else. Times will be easier.M
there will be more to do for every class ofH
.workingmen, money will be more plenti-M
ful and then I will make more money.
"That is my creed in a nutshell. Letß
me and. my fellow- workmen make morel
money and there will be more money n l
circulation for all. The storekeepers willH
benefit, the farmer will benefit, the ro:n-B
ing man and wholesale dealers will allH
benefit by my getting better wages andH
more money. This silver talk makes mcl
tired. It is not the real issue of the day.H
What we really want is protection; thatH
is, a fair field for our own work. McKin-H
ley wants to give us workingmen a fair^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
show, and I mean to vote for him, as many more who think about the matter deeply!
intend to do."^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
JOHN VANCE is a carpenter who does odd jobs in the region of North Beach.
He was busily engaged sawing some boards when the question was asked him
as to his stand on the party issues before the people. Resting one hand on his knee
he quickly answered:
"I am for McKinley, of course. How could any man who earns bis bread by the
sweat of his brow be otherwise? Just answer that for me, if you can.
"Before Grover Cleveland went into office the last time I was able to earn $3 a
day right along. Now I sometimes make only half that sum and am out of work
most of the time. Yet ttiese Bryan men — they are devilish few at that — come up to
me and ask me to vote for free silver. I wouldn't vote for McKinley if he was for
free silver. Anything the Democrats favor seems to be a hoodoo to us, anyway. I
am not going to vote for a party that makes life a struggle for existence, not if
I know myself, and I am confident I do. I wish Cleveland's neck were under this
•aw now.
"What beats me is the way the Democrats make promises. They will make a
bushel to win one vote, fail to carry them out and then expect to gull a man again the
next election.
"They won't fool Vance, as they never have." and John picked up his saw and
went to work again.
J. 8. CONWELL, the bicycle-dealer, said: "I am a Republican because the best
thing in this world is an honest man and, next, an honest party. The Republicans
have never broken a pledge, therefore they are the honest party. This is generally
why I am a Republican.
"Specifically, a high protection is what we need. America should be for Ameri
cans. History has proved that high tariff is best for this country and a low tariff
best for foreign countries. lam a Republican because I want an honest dollar, and I
know of no mathematics by which you can make a foot rule of a six-inch stick. The
Democrats are holding out false hopes. I could give you many more reasons and
talk all day on the subject, but it seems to me that these are enough for anybody."
FREE SILVER RUINOUS.
ADMIRES "THE CALL."
W. H. NOLAN FOR McKINLEY.
A PAINTER'S THEORY,
A BLACKSMITH'S IDEAS.
A SAW FOR CLEVELAND.
THE BICYCLE STANDPOINT.
HE WANTS PROTECTION.
"I want everything that is not manufactured in this country brought in free of
, : duty," said ANDREW J. JESSUP of the
& Jessup coffee and spice mills, yes-
Herday, "and I want on everything that this
H:ounry cant produce' a tariff. Tariff on
Horeicn goods 'helps our business in this
Hvay. It starts  money into ■ circulation
Hind makes all . kinds of " business liven
Hip. Consequently there is more money
Ho spend and we will sell more coffee and
I "Prosperity must come with McKinley.
Hliien, because of this protection, our me-
Hhunics will all have work, and our busi-
Hiess will be helped indirectly. I am in
Havor of keeping this country in the hands
H>f the Republican party. Don't want free
I "All this talk about the financial issue is
Haeside the question. If the wnrkingman
Hnily looked ahead he would understand
Hthat what be wants is protection for his
H)wn labor. As long as foreigners can
H=ome ere with their goods and undersell
■hirathe manufacturer has to closp down,
Hpay small wages or diminish his force of
No man will invest in any
undertaking which is liable to fail through ruinou= competition. Let us settle our
business on a sound commercial foundation first through protection and then settle
the currency question. What the workingman wants is work, and then he will deciea
upon the kind of money he should be paid in."
WANTS PROTECTION FOR WOOL.
PHIL LIPPITT of Brown Bro-. 4 Co.^wnerso^neOregonCUyWooleiwm^
Baid : "I i aye lived on this coast for forty I
years and during all that time I have beenß
a Republican. There are many svindlesH
lying idle now, and machinery all over theH
country is rusting because of the per-H
nicious legislation of free trade. ThisH
would not be the case if RepublicanismM
and Protection were in power. We arcH
manufacturers in our business of cassi
meres, woolens, blankets, flannels and all
kinds of clothing. We have a house in
New York which is selling cassimeres in
that market, and they say they sell now
so many hundred, where under a protec
tive tariff they would sell so many thou
sands. If the manufacturers in the United
States were protected produce of all kinds
would be advanced, simply because there
would be a demand for It, and laboring
people, if all were employed, would create
this demand.
"Let the spindles run, the mills be
opened and the factories be given work, so
that workmen may find employment;
then prosperity will dawn and a greater
demand will be manifested for products of
every description.
"Yes, sir; I have been a Republican since the war. I believe the Republican
platform will be effective in removing most of the hardships of the laboring classes. I
believe as soon as McKinley is elected we will get prosperity in our country. He is
the champion of the cause of prosperity.
"I feel particularly elated this morning," Mr. Lippitt continued, "because I read
that Illinois has nominated a gold State ticket. This means McKinley. lam in
favor of assisting the laboring classes, and I believe protection the only thing that
will set them on their feet.
"I agree with McKinley on the financial question. I believe in souud money. If
any metal is to be made a standard let it be gold.
"I cannot say too much, however, in regard to the wool Industry. It is in every
State, and exceeds by many millions of dollars the silver question. By the tariff for
revenue only this industry has been made dormant, and it has changed consumers to
producers by driving the wooi-growers to farming. From this condition of affairs has
originated the aepressiou in prices."
ONLY FREE LUNCH NOW.
FRANK ROBINSON is employed as foreman in the lumber department of the
Bellingham Bay Improvement Company,
and is about as strong a Republican in his
condition ? Democrats rare now endeavor
ing to brins; us to a pass where a laborer will get only 20 cents a day, as they do in
Mexico. Some people are, going to be pretty badly surprised when this coming
election is over, I can tell you."
HE DISLIKES ALTGELD.
"Even if I were a Democrat," asserted D. R. HENSHELWOOD of the firm of Do»n«
& Henshelwood, "I would not vote theH
Democratic ticket at this particular time.H
"My reasons for this are various. i^H
the first place, the Democratic leader hasH
the scum of the country at his back.H
Wouldn't this be a beautifully governed I
Nation with Altgeld, say, for Secretary ofl
State and Debs for Secretary of War?H
Well, I should say it would!
"I am for Mr. McKinley, because heH
has the great mass of right-thinkingH
men at his back and because I believe theH
policy he has adopted is the only one that I
will save this country from disaster. • I
"If Bryan be elected as the President ofH
these United States we shall occupy theH
same position as the poet so graphically^
ascribed to Rome — we shall stand 'theH
Kiobe of nations.' "
Mr. Henshelwood was very emphaticH
in his expressions. He seemed to be con-H
vinced that the only hope for the working- H
man lay in electing McKinley. He re "B
garded him not only as the stand ard-H
bearer of the Republican party, the apostleH
of protection and the exponent cf freej
labor, but also as the guardian of law and order and commercial stability. "Wbattha
country wants," said he, "is a man who will inspire confidence, and that man is
William McKinley."
A WAGON-MAKER'S VIEWS.
W. J. DARREN, who manufactures and repairs wagons and does general black
smithing, said : "I am for McKinley because McKinley is for protection. I will
cast my vote for nim, you may be assured. If materials from European ports are
cheaper than what we can make, our manufactures will certainly never be bought
nor made.
"The Republican administration will insist on a restricted immigration. At the
present time Japanese labor comes in here and works for 10 cents a day at the same
labor that our people get from $3 to $4 a day for. We can't compete with such
conditions.
"The great trouble at present is the lack of confidence. If McKinley gets into
office confidence will return, and with confidence will come prosperity.
"Our business is seriously affected at present because of this lack of confidence.
There is very little drayage at present, and consequently very little repairing
done. Draymen do not care to expend much money in fixing up their wagons,
because their small business makes it impossible. I was a Democrat last election,
but since then I have seen the ruinous effects of the Democratic policy and legislation.
There is no hope for prosperity but in McKinley ana protection. Protection is all a
man wants. We have no new work in our business at all to speak about. A man
can't feel justified in putting his money into new wagons or drays."
A GROCER'S FIDELITY.
A. QUADE, the grocer, said: "I Deneve in restriction and protection. I believe the
election of McKinley will brighten the basines3 condition of the country. This will
do it if anything can. My opinion is that if he be elected the financial part will regu
late itself. The money question is the hue and cry to get the vote of the laborer.
"Republicanism will help business in general, and therefore help my business.
The Government then will be placed ia a self-supporting condition, which it ii not
to-day."
sympathies as a man can well be. He
says a Bryan adherent is a marked man
in the region where he lives, a sort of
Ishmaelite as it were.
"I never was a Democrat," he said, "and
each succeeding year only tends to con
vince me that I am on the right path.
"When Cleveland went into office four
years ago Democrats promised us $4 a day
and roast beef. We are lucky to get $2 a
day and a free lunch. Times ate harder
than I ever expectea to see them in a
country so teeming with natural resources.
"Every day men come to me who were
howling for Cleveland and free trade four
years ago, and admit that I was right for
laughing at them then. They have now
come to the conclusion that the only safe
policy is a high protective tariff.
"As for the financial question, I regard
it as entirely nonsensical to advocate free
silver. Look at the countries where silver
monometallism prevails — what is their
34
BRYAN TOURS THE
EMPIRE STATE.
Weary and Husky He Is
Compelled to Speak
at Erie.
THOUSANDS GREET HIM.
Addresses Three Large Gather
ings After a Day of Travel
and Talking.
THE HAND-SHAKING FOLLOWS
Velli the People That Their Only
Salvation Is to Elect Him
President.
ERIE, Pa., Aug. 26.— Husky of voice
and tired of body, after a long and hard
day of campaigning, William Jennings
Bryan found himself confronted on Ins
arrival in Erie, at 7 o'clock to-night, with
• programme calling for three more
speeches before he could rest from this
day of .railroad traveling and speech
making. But he carried out the part of
the contract assigned him by the local
committee ot arrangements and performed
his triple duty with a vigor that spoke
well for his constitution. His reception
at the railroaa station was hearty in the
extreme. Rain was falling when his train
arrived, but the 2000 or more people wait-
Ing his coming stood their ground and
gave the candidate a royal welcome.
Accompanied . by Hon. Joseph Bibley
and other prominent Democrats of Erie,
Mr. Bryan started out at 8 o'clock to per
form the contract which had been made
for him. The tnree gatherings which he
addressed repaid him in the potency of
their applause. , Bchlosser's Hall, the
scene of his first speech, seats 2500 people,
nnd to-night it was crowded. Numerous
farmers were present and Bryan made a
stirring speech suitable to the audience.
From Schlosset *s Hall Mr. Bryan was
whirled off to St. Patrick's Auditorium.
Here lie spoke with effort. The effect of
his two long addresses at Syracuse and
Rochester and his short speeches at a
number of places along the route to Erie
had begun to show, and Mr. Bryan's vocal
oigans appeared to bo in much the same
weakened state as they were on his arrival
in New York. Like' the crowds in the first
Brie meeting, th« 2500 men and women
nssembled in the Auditorium were or
derly, but on the whole more enthusiastic
than those at the former place. The
three cheers they gave when the young
nominee concluded fairly shook the j
rafters.
Again the thoroughly fatigued candi- i
data was whirled away, this time to the
Park Opera-house, where the eighth an
nual State Convention of Pennsylvania
Democratic Clubs was in session. This
was the most demonstrative meeting of
the evening. When the prolonged shouts
of welcome had ended Mr. Bryan was in
troduced and made his most important
speech of the evening.
After he was through the nominee held {
a httmi -stinking reception ana went back
to the Heed House and to bed. His speech
was as follows:
Mr. Chairman, Ladle* and Gentlemen: let
teem it a great privilege to be permitted to
meet to-night with the members of the club
assembled here from all over the State of
Pennsylvania, because 1 know what these
meetings mean. I know the Inspiration that
they give ami of the enthusiasm carried back
bvtaoMWho go forth to prosecute the work
el this campaign.
in my Judgment we are entering upon a
campaign which will be memorable in the
history of the country for many reasons, not
only because of the issue Involved— would
be enough to make It an epoch in the history
of nations— but there are other reasons. This
campaign Will demonstrate as no campaign
has done within the last generation the
rapacity of the people for Belt-government.
{A voice— "A Daniel come to Judgment.")
Mr. Bryan, continuing, said:
Is there a man in this land who doubt* that
the American people can rise to the require*
ments of any emergency? 11 so, I bid him to
cast his eyes upon seventy million of people
thinking out their own salvation. [Great
applause.] Is there a man who believes that
party machinery can govern this people! '
I bid him look until he sees the great com
jnou people breaking every machine that
stands in their way. [Ore*', applause and
cheering. l Is there a man who believes that
the age 01 oratory is goneT 1 point htm to
every precinct in this Nation, where he will
find a modern Demosthenes. [Great cheering.]
Oratory Will live so long as there- arts causes
Which appeal to the human heart. [Ap*
p'.ause.J Oratory is the speech of the person
who knows what he is talking about and
means what he says, and in this campaign you
v -ill. tind the orator everywhere.
Cert to my State and 1 will show you a
banker and a raoney-loaner who will so iontx
to preach the gospel of bimetallism as he
sever preached any other gospel in his life, I
v Ut show you a briefless barrister wbo. armed
with right, will meet th» attorney of the cor-
Txratloas and crush him before any audience.
[Great applause.]
I will show you the business man who never
came from behind his counter before, but he,
leeitnc that the valfare of his. family, the wel
fare of posterity depends upon theset'.leraent
o! the cause, can come from his store and rise
before an audience and make a speech that
cannot b« answered by any man vrho would
tauten the shackles upon seventy million free
xnea. .vi:**'. applause.]
; 1 will take you to tho railroad shops and I
will show you men who know more about the
juonev question than th* president of th» road
knows about the question. {Applaus« and
cheers.] I will take you to a <. -tranter who,
as he works at his bench, will revolve in h.s
jniad t ness questions and oome nearer finding
out what is an honest dollar than the men
who represent a syndicate and bows to the
Dictation of Lombard street. [Great applause.)
Ah, come with me to the farm and I will !
Show you the man who follows the plow and
who has studied this money question, and
who knows if the dollars go up his wheat
comes down, and you cannot answer the logic
cf that argument at all. (Great applause.]
Continuing at some length, Mr. Bryan
said he wanted his opponents to under
stand that the fact that ne was a young
xaan did net mean tnat there was going to
be any child's play in this campaign; He
declared for an aggressive war against any
man who declared either for a gold stand*
»r\i or for foreign domination" In domestic
affairs, and wound up his speech by re
mart:
1 urge you to remerater that this cause rests
tpoo the people- theiasolves. They must fight
thU feat:!*: -.her nest carry thit cause to sue
eess, and I want you to remember that.no
»bus« which can be heaped upon you should
<!cter you frora your purpose. *
Mr. Bryan left Utlca at 7:21 o'clock this
xneruicf;. The ; first stop was -. at Roue,
where he spoke a few words. Short stops
*wfr« also made at Out ids, Canistoga ; and
Kirkvillew ■
At Syracuse he was «reetcd by an im
xaense crowd. At the Yates • House the
xnesibers of the reception committee were
introduced to Mr. Bryan and a committee
of ladies took charge o! ; Mrs. Bryan. A
procession escorted the candidate to Han
over square, where he addressed th» -6300
people who greeted him. He went into
an explanation of the money question
and argued, .that the. restoration rof free
coinage of silver wculd restore prosperity
to- thecoontrr. - '"' r " - <v i% - ' ! * '■ ' >•"•-;. ""* . '-' - :
He left for Halo at 12:50 o'clock on an
express ; train which scad* only one stop—
Lyons— which was reached at l^S. Five
hundred people were at the depot. In
respoase to cheers and the presentation of
a bouquet of dowers Mr. Bryan brieSy ac
knowiedged the compliment.
Rochester was reached at 2:15, where a
large crowd was present. Mr. and Mrs.
Bryan entered a carriage with some of the
reception committee, and with a big crowd
marching beside the carriage proceeded to
Brown Square, where at least 10,000 people
had gathered.
Frederick Cook, ex-Secretary of State,
presented Mr. Bryan, who was so hoarse
t li nt his voice could be heard scarcely a
hundred feet away, and this caused a
perceptible diminution of the crowd.
Mr. Hryan left for Buffalo on the Em
pire State express at 3:25 and urrived
there at 4:45. A reception committee,
consisting of Herman £. Mack of the
Buffalo Times, Judge Titus and others,
met Mr. Bryan at Rochester. There was
a large crowd on the platform, and they
gave him a routing cheer as he boarded
the special train which was to take him to
Krie.
WILL BOMBARD ZANZIBAR.
English Give Said Kalid's Force Until
9 O'Clock This Morning to
Surrender.
ZANZIBAR, Aug. 26.— The belief here
is quite general that the death of the late
Sultan was caused by poison.
This evening an ultimatum was sent to
Said Kulid informing him that unless he
strikes his flag and makes a complete sur
render by 9 o'clock to-morrow the place
will be bombarded. All of the British
residents of the town have been requested
to go on board the warships lying in the
harbor by 8 o'clock to-morrow morning.
The force under Said Kalid numbers
2500 men, all well armod. The consensus
of opinion is that the action of Said Kalid
has furnished a favorable occasion for the
noisting of the British flag and the aboli
tion of Arab rule and slavery.
RIOT IN CONSTANTINOPLE
A Mob Armed With Revolvers
and Bombs Attacks the
Gendarmes.
Many Soldiers Killed and Wounded
by a Band of Desperate Rev
olutionists.
LONDON, Eno., Aug. 26.— A dispatch to
a local news agency from Constantinople
says:
Slobs are in possession of a large part of
Constantinople to-night. Early in the
afternoon a body of men armed with re
volvers and bombs invaded the Ottoman
Bank, killing a number of gendarmes on
guard. The employes of the bank fled to
the quarters occ ;>ied by the tobacco syn
dicate which has control of the collection
of the taxes on tobacco throughout the
empire.
The invaders mounted the roof of
the building, and from the open windows
tired at the police in the street below. They
returned tho fusillade, and several persons
were killed and wounded. Then the riot
became general. Shops were sacked and
bazars invaded, and the wildest excite
ment prevailed throughout certain quar
ters of Constantinople.
A later report says there Is no doubt
that the movement was revolutionary in
plan and scope; that it had its origin at
secret meetings of Armenians.
About forty of the rioters were still in
possession of the Ottoman Bank at a late
hour this evening, despite all the efforts
ol the Government forces to remove them.
Riots continue and the mobs are con
stantly increasing in the Galata quarter.
A bomb exploded in Constantinople
near the Gaiata guardhouse. Many sol*
iliers were killed and wounded. Her
Majesty's ship Dryad at once left The
rapia, where she was anchored, and pro
ceeded to this city. It is also expected
that the French and Italian xnardships
will reach Constantinople early in the
morning.
ITALY THREATENS BRAZIL
Reparation for a Flag Insult
Demanded From the Re
public.
The Patriotic Brazilians Rejoice Over
the Rfj?ction of the Italian
Claims.
LONDON, Eno., Ang. 26.— The news
from Rio de Janeiro is to the effect that
the situation b critical between Italy and
Braril. It is stated that Italy will with
draw her legation.
The Italian Charge d' Affaires has de
manded from the Brazilian Government
that reparation be made for the insult to
the Italian tine, and the relations between
the Government and Italy's representa
tive are becoming strained. There is great
rejoicing throughout Brasil over the rejec
tion of the agreement regarding the Ital
ian claims.
The Standard publishes a dispatch from
its Rome correspondent saying that Mar
quis di Kudini, the Italian Prime Minis
ter, has held several lengthy conferences
with various foreign diplomats,* and that
as a result of these conferences a number
of warships may be ordered to Brazilian
waters. .
The Times to-morrow will print a dis
patch from Rio de ' Janeiro, saving . that
quiet has been restored in Sao PauTo, but
that the disorders in Rio de Janeiro con
tiuue. On Thursday there was a conflict
between the police and the populace, in
which a few persons were injured. The
trouble was brought about by a mob seek
in-- to attack a number of 'Italians. : The
latter tried to avoid the conflict and be
haved themselves peacefully. The whole
trouble, the dispatch pays is due to Bra
lilian demagogues. . The diplomatic ques
tion is awaiting the decision of the Italian
Government.; - ' ' r * .
Tor!l3nd Ammrrkist Arrest+4.
PORTLAND, "Ob., Aug. Detective
Simmons this morning took into custody
Paul Saug de Polangers at the postoflice.
He was arrested at the instance of , Post*
master Prutkman, who feared the man
was a , dangerous ; anarchist. ; Polangers
has ; for several days > mailed I large num
bers of postal cards addressed to himself
and then called for them. At the time of
his arrest he was writing a letter to Presi
dent CieveUad. : Be Poianeer* • said- he
had been a reporter on San Francisco
papers and had been arrested for a similar
offense inOaxland. which city be had sued
for |SQOOI In his communication he uses
the title "National Poet." f: The Chief of
Police dismissed him with advice.
JR»lirt<* fiirwrr Jittftnpi.i sm«<-U«.
EAST A ROSA, Gil.; Aog. SS.— John Sil
vers, a fanner living at Sellerue. made, an
unsuccessful attempt to commit I suicide
this morning by swallowing arsenic His
life was - saTed by prompt medical ; assist*
anee. Silvers* wife is very sick, and it is
be lie that he . put * some poison, in the
coffee. She will ret well. Silvers said be
wanted to die, and will try to kill himself
again when he gets an opportunity.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
BIG DRY-GOODS
HOUSE ASSIGNS,
Hilton, Hughes & Co. Are
Unable to Meet Their
Obligations.
OVER A MILLION SHORT.
The Mammoth Concern Suc
cumbs to the Prevailing
Monetary Stringency.
STATEMENT OF THE ASSIGNEE.
Judge Hilton's Sacrifices to Sustain
the Firm Do Not Appease
the Creditors-
NEW YORK, N. V., Ang. 2a— Hilton,
Hughes & Co., the dry-goods firm, as-
Bigned to-day. The following notice
posted on the doors of the big building at
Broadway and Ninth street, occupied by
Hilton, Hughes & Co., attracted a big
crowd on their way to business:
Hilton, Hughes <b Co. have discontinued
business and made a general assignment
without preference, to George M. Wright. All
employes are notified that their services are
no longer required and that they will De paid
In full to-day and including this day.
The store will remain closed until rurther
notice. If the services of any employes are
needed by the assignee, they will be notified.
Dated, August 26. Hilton, Hughes a Com
pany. Georoe M. Wright, Assignee.
The immediate cause of the failure is
ascribed to the fact that the firm carried
on its books over $1,000,000 worth of what
are yet considered high-class accounts.
These creditors are well-to-do uptown
people, who make it a point of settling
their bills once a year. Recent pressure
upon Hilton, Hughes <fe Co. and their in
ability to realize from outstanding ac
counts precipitated a crisis.
The liabilities are estimated all the way
from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000. In March
last the firm, according to Brad street's,
claimed assets of $3,363,000 and liabilities
of $1,230,000, leaving net assets of
$2,133,000.
George M. Wright, assignee, made the
following statement this afternoon:
"Parties in interest became satisfied that
the business was not making a profit. It
was therefore determined to close it. It
was at first supposed that this could be
done by an ordinary closing-out sale
without any general assignment. With
this end in view Judge Hilton within the
last month advanced $250,000 to the firm
t" pay on account of merchandise claims.
He has during the last few years ad
vanced very larsre sums.
"He would have been willing to advance
enough to pay all the unsecured claims,
but in the present monetary stringency it
is more than inconvenient to raise that
amount at once, though the sum is not
large— less than $600,000.
"Theexisting difficulties every merchant
and banker knows. As claims were press
ing there seemed to be no otner way to
close the business with equal justice to all
creditors and preserve the property from
sacrifice but a general assignment with
out preferences.
"It is oelieved that all the merchandise
and general debts can be paid in full out
of sales of the stock and the collection of
outstanding accounts. The bank paper
is secured and will of course all be paid.
"Negotiations are pending for the sale of
the whole stock, which, if carried through,
will result in a settlement of the debts in
a very short time."
George M. Wright, the assignee of Hil
ton, Hughes it Co., is a lawyer. He had
no connection with the firm, but is a
friend of ex-Judge Hilton.
The firm of Hilton, Hughes A Co. is one
of the largest and best Known in the retail
dry-goods trade. They did an enormous
business, and when some days ago rumors
became current that the firm was in finan
cial trouble there was much surprise, and
doubts a? to their correctness were Ireely
expressed.
The business firm was established by
the late Alexander T. Stewart in 1523.
Some time after Mr Stewart's death in
IS$6, the firm name was changed to that
of E. J. Denning & Co., and so continued
until about five years ago. Upon Mr.
Denning's death at that time it was again
j changed, ex-Judge Hilton becoming senior
I partner, and the business being continued
I until the present firm name.
The business for the last quarter of a
century has been carried on in the great
establishment in the block bounded by
Broadway, Fourth avenue and Ninth and
Tenth streets.
During the height of the season Hilton,
Hughes 4 Co. had frequently employed,
including inside and outside help, over
S2OO hands. Recently the help had not
exceeded 1500. Daring the past four
| months the staff had been constantly re
! duced. the number "let out" since May
exceeding 400.
A representative of one of the commer
cial agencies was early on the scene.
"The firm," he said, "has not been con-
S sidered strong for over a year past. It has
j been considered slow in making pay
ments. Witnin a recent period it had
come to my knowledge that many firms
had declined to sell them goods. The
liabilities, I expect, will reach JTOO.OOO." 1
■ — • : : V;'
DXX rCSt SUSP JJ.VS lO>.
The Knight- Almore [' Clothing Company
Temporarily EtnbmrraJitd.
DENVER, Col©., Aug. 26.— The Knight-
Almore Clothing Company assigned to
i day to A. C BarteK agent for the mort
: gfigees. Three mortgages, aggregating
' $35,000, were foreclosed, of which the &nt
for $14,000 was In favor of the Coioraoo
National Bank, the second for $1? *!&>£«
favor of the Denver and Eastern creditors,
and the third of a like sum owing to credi
tors eastward. George P. Atncns
that the pressure from the baaJc ftnrntl
; the suspension, but adds that basis*** w&
. soon be resumed. ,
LOUISVILLE'S POLITICAL ROW.
Catting . Affray m Which , Tm Dtisctfrss
An Pnitcipe/9—m f HtafT 9*4* ■
Orders at tie Arzssey.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aag. 35.— There bm
been an air of umismh about tJbie city to
day .-.' because : , of -;' the ispesc&s.«si ' of lie
old Board of Public Safety mad the eoasc
quent demoralization of the po!f ee force,
which the reigning cowers arc detenuned
to capture. 4 ~ v
There/ was a crating affair this after
noon; in which two «x-d«tect ires, William
de Forrester, a witness for the prosecution,
and Tom Co 2 I, ] a/witness ; for I use de
fense, figured, and tonight Colonel John
B. CasUemac, commanding the '; Loais-
Title Lectern; ■ . First i Regimes vS Kentucky
State Guard,' ordered -infantry i. companies
A and B and a detail from Battery ,y A, 77S
Ufa in : all» : to ; report :at > the armory to
ftcard it lor the' night. Captain ■ David
Cattleman, who is lin -- charge, declines :to
state what his orders are. w -
&t To-night ; at j Frankfort Appellate Judge
Haieiring was ready to hear amenta on
the nioUb-0 of : the old Board of ; Safety to
reinstate '■ Judge Toner's junction, but
the attorneys agreed to postpone the mat
ter until morning.
Nearly every member of the police force,
including all captains and officers, refused
to recognize the new Chief of Police. The
five station-houses were guarded through
out the day by squads of police, who were
instructed to hold them at all hazards.
The officers of the old Board of Safety
and the Chief of Police were under a like
euard, but the new Chief remained in the
Mayor's office and made no attempt to
take possession.
The negro element is very mnch ex
cited over the nrospect ot a new pol'ce
force and fire department, ana as all of
them are Republicans a mass-meeting has
been called for to-morrow night, when
they will demand their share of the spoils.
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of tiie
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
Won.
Lost.
Cent.
Baltimore .................
Cincinnati ......;..
Cleveland ,
Chicago.
Pittsburg.
Boston .'
8r00k1yn.......... .
New Y0rk. ...... ..-
Philadelphia...
Washington........
Bt. Louis. .......
Louisville
71
69
64
62
68
t>7
49
49
49
40
S3
1!G
33
36
39
46
46
48
5 a
67.
f.7
63
71
76
.683
.667
.6JI
.574
.657
.842
.471
.462
.462
.888
.317
.356
JBOSTON, Mass., Aug. 26.— Score: Bostons,
7, 10, 8 ; Chicago*, 11, 12, 2. Batteries—Sulli
van and Bergen; Friend and An sou. Umpire —
Lynch.
NEW YOEK, N. V., Aug. 26.— Score: New
Yorks, 11, 15. 2; St. Louis, 4, 13, 2. Batteries-
Clark and Zearfoss; Donahue and McFarland.
Umpire— Emslle.
BROOKLYN, N. V., Aug. 20.— Score: Brook
lyns. 9, 11, 1; Lomsvilles, 2, 6, 2. Batteries-
Harper and Burrill; Hill and Miller. Um
pires—Stein and Cunningham. Second game:
Loulsvilles, 2, 7, 2; Brooklyn*, 10, 17, 0. Bat
teries—Daub and Burrill; Herman and Dexter.
Umpire— Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., Aug. 26.— Score: Balti
more*, 14, 17, 2; Cinclnnatis, 3,13,3. Bat
teries—Hemming and Clark; Foreman and
Peitr. Umpire— Sheridan.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Aug. 26.— 8 core:
Philadelphias, 10, 17, 0; Cleveiands, 1,6,4.
Batteries— Taylor and Boyle; Wilson and Zim
mer. Umpires— Henderson and Campbell.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Aug. 26.— Score:
Washingtons, 3, 8, 1; Pittsburgh, 4, 13, 1. Bat
teries—German and Ffirreil; Hastings and
Sugden. Umpire— Lally.
EASTERN TURF EVENTS.
Winner* at the St. Louis and Coney
Island Tracks.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Aug. 26.— Six furlongs,
Sister Myra won, Henry Hlggins second, Wal
nut Ridge third. Time, 1 :16&
One mile and seventy yards, Squire 6 won,
Foreseen second, Sammie Young third. Time,
1:48. -■ ■ ■ : ■'■ ■ ... " - .
One mile, Dr. Huger won. San Bias second,
Al Miles third. ,Time, I :44}£
One mile, Gustavo Cook won, Rob Roy II
second, Siddubbia third. Time, 1:44.
Six furlongs, Colonel Wheeler won, Foray the
second, Oman Wood third. - Time, 1:16.
aCONEY ISLAND. H. V., .Aug. 26.— and
a , half furlongs, Ludwlgshafen won, - Suisun
second, Don Bias third. Time, 1 :09.
Five and a half furlongs, Clymena won, Ben
Ron ad second, St. Bartholomew third. Time,
1 :Q9\i.
Bix furlongs, Harrington won, Tom Crom
well second, Religion third. Time, I:ls}£.
Five and a half furlongs, .The Friar won,
Voter second, Box third. Time, 1:07%.
Mile and three-sixteenths, Peep O' bay won,
Gold Crest second, Muskalonge third. Time,
2:06.
One mile. Urania won, Roundsman second,
Captive third,. Time, 1:42^.
Mile and three-quarters, Ked Cloud won, £11
Kendig second, Flushing third. - Time, 3:20.
TENNIS AT SANTA MUNICA,
Crated* of Interested Spectator* Witnea*
Hotly Contested Game*.
SANTA MONICA, Cal., Aug. 26.—To
day the Casino courts were crowded by
tennis devotees, who were more than re
paid by witnessing as good games as have
ever been played anywhere, and certainly
more hotly contested matches than have
ever been played in one day at the tennis
courts here beside the sea. In the morn
ing play commenced in all-comers singles,
Freeman won from Welcolm by default,
and Picher beat Way, 6—4, 2—6, 6—o. In
the third round, in the semi-finals, Free
man beat Daggett in an exceedingly warm
contest, although the score mignt fail to
show it, 2—6, 6—3, 6—o, and Picher beat
Rowan after a beautiful contest, 7 — 6, S — 6,
6—2, leaving Freeman and Picher to con
test in the finals in the morning, and the
tournament winner to contest with Arthur
Bnmiller for the championship of the
south.
Play commenced ip the afternoon in
open doubles by Welcolm and Bell defeat
ing Lester and Alexander, 7—6, 6—2. In
the preliminary of the first round Braly
and Sinsabaugh defeated Rowen and Dag
gett, 3—6. 7—5, 6-^3, and Waring and
AcKer defeated Judge Hendricks and C.
Faithful, 7 — 5, 4 — 6, 6 — 4, leaving two more
matches in the first round.
Semi-finals and finals will be played to
morrow and Friday, with the cup match
on Friday afternoon. Play commenced in
the ladies' singles, there being four en
tries. Miss Hendricks, Miss Lawson, Aiiss
Marion Jones, ttie State champion, and
Miss Barlow Massacs of England, a recent
arrival at our courts. Miss Jones was pit
ted against Miss Barlow Massacs in the
opening match of the event, easily win
ning by the ecore of 6—o, 6 — 2. In justice
to the lady defeated, who has won many
tennis honors in England, it should he
stated that she is out of practice and un
acquainted with cement courts.
RACING AT WOODLAND.,
A Good Attendance for the Agricultural
Speed Meeting.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— The at
tendance at the Agricultural Association
races was larger to-day than on any pre
ceding day. \ The following were the re
raits: BWSJBHIJi
Fadsg 2:25 class, 3ln 5, purse 500. :- ■ •
5>ni« b_.... ...... ....;.,......-.. .„.* s 1 1 9 1
83Jy0...... ..;:... .-;..;;. ...........3 12412
Swlfcßril ;..-..-; 3 24 8 4 wdn
UnkE 5 6 S 5 6 wdn
ESMto Wltkai ...........;..e 4 5 3 3 wdn
I ■■itlly .;......-.........,..., 15 8 6 dls
tMNI .-; .......7 7 dls
K«i« «-„—....;............... .....8 dls
tlwitat .;;......... ;...8 dia
rmm-ttis^ 2:lsVi. aiisvi. a: mi, s:is,
• S:\!O*a. -
Mmmmfat five-eighths, purs* 9300.
aifflrtii--.. .........1
K*iciKr»a....... ..;,,..„., a
ievM Cp....... '.■."."'.'"'."*.'. '.'."."'.'.!.".'.".'.'.'.*!!.'»
Tlm«s 1:01%.
E«y 13 Fonso, Hrl»r," Kt*«r«roo4. CasU«
mtl*mad Cnnuw.. olno tun
Zms^isz,-- SAllint, tfcir<»«>n-«lxt«<>nth« of a mil*.
a i am M •-:-.•-.>■
a5^F......,,,,,,,,,,,;,,,,, ................ .......1
E«a<£3««;..;.. „„„ ,„„„,, ,„.,...,;,..,.... 9
s**aas«...^... ...\,. ,„,»»,,»»., ,„»••»» ...%».««.... ..3
Teat*. Jeaa lUrnaX k\v«n<i and trtsb Chlst
t!sa zait.*S|a|lWßgfigßwwa^MMM*wWHjWM
. . _ ♦_ ... .
ir**.« **, m,4* oh,
..TOLEDO, ;.O«tt> 4 ■■»\vt#* \(t«ranex
tJtiag contest th« OlMdt WOA her
second race from \ tfel \>i»«*<iert«>*aj by
the narrow margin lat I twrWfttJHiiX Meonds
corrected time and with it captured the
beautiful Toledo <?hall#ng« cup,' the inter
national yachting ;ebamnJeu>hln"*oi"the
(sees and 00 r per ; Mat ; ot :■ ft ■ $4900 \ purse
offered by the citisen.i of Toledo, Toe race
was "-.■; sailed 5 in •: a , fine tweu ty knot breese,
which ranged from south wtest to west, and
wr*i!e the Vencedor actually beat the Can
ada three ruinates Thirty o'.if seconds over
the coarse and proved herself ■ ft wonder in
a wind, she had to ftllow ths ! royal Cana
dian yacht a handicap of • tares minutes
and futy-seven seconds. .;
A w<x,4Un* X«i< Imjmt**.
WOODLAND, Cau, Aug. 36.— While the
crowd was returning from the races to-day
Julius Ha:nev the 12-year-old son ?oi Abe
Baines, a prominent ? Madison '? merchant,'
attempted to jump into a 1 passing ; buggy,
and,' in ? doing so 1 caught 5 his heel ;in - the
wheel, almost wrenching his leg from i his
body. ,; Amputation was necessary , and the
lac is now in a precarious condition.
THE CADET TENTS
IN EVERGREEN,
Camp O'Ryan at Glen Ellen
Getting Into Hand
some Form.
FATHER YORKE ARRIVES
Chaplain McDonald, the Fisher
man, Who Works the
Neighboring Streams.
IMMORTAL "NEVER SLIiEPERS."
Cadets Who Slept in a Boxcar, Like
Warriors Taking Their
Rest, Etc.
GLEN ELLEN, Cal., Aug. 26.— The
presence of the Rev. Peter C. Yorke in
camp has given the cadets new life and
new interest He has the happy faculty
of unbending when among them and they
play and joke with the distinguished
young priest as if be was a popular pri
vate in Company H. Many visitors from
the surrounding country dropped into
camp to-day to pay their respects to
Father Yorke and to see the boys and in
more than one case baskets of luscious
fruits and messes of trout from the creek
have been presented at headquarters. The
Rev. James McDonald, chaplain of the
camp, is an enthusiastic sportsman.
Nothing pleases him better than a trudge
over the mountains in quest of game.
Every trip results in a full bag of rabbits
and doves, which are enjoyed at the offi
cers' mess.
Captain D. J. McCarthy, Lientenant Ed
ward Crowley, Sergeant Quinnine and
Private J. O'Leary of Company E and Ser
geant Benjamin Coryl of Company B
drove to Santa Rosa yesterday. The ob
ject of the trip to the capital of Sonoma
County was to extend an invitation to the
people of Santa Rosa and around there to
visit Camp O'Ryan.
The camp has divided itself into little
clubs or parties, which overshadow the in
tegrity of the individual companies.
There are the "Pride of the Southside" in
Company A, the "Never Sleepers" in
Company B, the "Damfino" and "Five
Pirates" in Company C, "The Ministers,"
I "The Kogues," "Jolly Old Dudes,"
! "Seven Sleepers," etc.
The five pirates are causing no end of
trouble by their wild antics at most un
seasonable hours of the night, and if any
thing be stolen in camp, a guard is
promptly detailed to inspect the piratical
tent. So far nothing has been found with
the pirates that would indicate their guilt,
but when a cadet sees his saber and belt
or his shirt or tunic swinging from the top
of a tall tree next morning, there are
grave suspicions thrown in the direction
of the five pirates' tent.
A number of the cadets stole out of
camp last night, and failing to run the
guard on their return, slept in a boxcar at
the Donahue dtpot until the conductor
rudely disturbed their slumbers at 5:30
a. M. ' Stiff and cold they made for camp,
only to be put in prison. As the boys say,
"they are on the police force now."
An announcement was made this morn
ing that Father Yorke had given $5,
Father McDonald $5 and Dr. A. P. Mulli
gan $5 for the three best decorated and
neatest tents In camp. This set the ca
dets at work cleaning up, setting their
tents in "apple-pie order," as they called
it, and transforming the exteriors into
evergreen bowers.
Company H and Company C had a large
quantity of bunting which was cleverly
worked in with the green. Strips of tri
color and star-bespangled muslin were
drawn from tent to tent and lanterns hung
between, with the outside covered with
festoons and garlands. In many placej
the American flag was judiciously woven
in with really good effect. Companies B,
G and E snowed good taste in their ar
rangement of festoons and ropes of leaves,
so although they lacked decorative bunt
ing, their side of the camp appeared to
good advantage with the varied autum
nal colors of the forest and strings of
Japanese lanterns.
PESTS OF SANTA CLARA.
Novel Exhibition to Be Made by
Horticultural Commissioner
Ehrhorn.
Every Species of Parasite That Preys
Upon the Orchard and
Vineyard.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 26.— A novel
feature of the County Fair, which opens
in this city October 28, will be an exhibi
tion of the pests and parasites which in
fest the orchards and vineyards by Horti
cultural Commissioner Ehrhorn. The dis
play will be the first of its kind made on
the coast, and will attract ths attention of
orchardists and vinevardists from all over
the State. The collection will be a large
one and will contain excellent specimens
oi all pests and parasites to be found in
the valley. They will be arranged in glass
cases and properly labeled, and a small
pamphlet will be issued touching slightly
upon the character and the methods of
the pests and giving remedies for Killing
tbftn. Beveral of the Eastern pests have
been secured and will be exhibited \n alco
hol. The exhibition will do much toward
educating the horticulturists and viti
cultunstJU
Commissioner Ehrhorn's display will
consist of the following samples of ' pests,
which are a sort of parasite germ life:
Powdery mildew on apiUe and peach, pear
leaf blight, rose dust, shot-hole fungus on
apricot, prune-leaf blight and curl leaf on
peach. Tnere are splendid specimecsl>f
black scale on prunes, frosted scale on
prunes, brown apricot scale, pine tree
scale, cottony cushion scale, San Jose
4cale oh pear, Italian pear scale, rose scale
on blackberry, rreedy scale on umbrella
trees, oyster scale on apple, the scale on
passion vines and elm trees 1 the convex
scale on piuosporum and the o'eander
scale on tne ivy. Besides these are the
woolly aphis on apple, prune aphis, elm
aphis, plant lice badly parasitized by the
ichneumon fly, the red spider on almond,
codiin moth in apple and the cherry slug.
TWO DIAFORCE SUITS.
Maim JO. Clark •■%<* Catktrin* iteClel-
land Seeking Freedom.
SAN JOSE, Cau, Aug. 26.— Meta H.
Clark has sued Carl B. Clark for divorce
on the ground of desertion. Tne couple
were married in this city in January, 1894,
and lived together until April, 1896, when
Clark deserted his wife. Clark is a travel
ing photographer.
Catherine McClelland has applied for a
divorfte from John W. McClelland. Tne
ground is extreme cruelty. They were
married eighteen months ago, and have
one child. Mrs. McClelland claims that
her huebana has been habitually cruel.
On their wedding tour to San Francisco
their finances were so low McClelland and
his wife ate in 15-cent restaurants and
freauented cheap lodging - houses. She
says her husband pawned her wedding
ring for 75 cents the day after their mar
riage.
W. C. I. U. Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 26.— The six
teenth annual convention of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union of this city
convened in the Congregational Church
this morning. The meeting was called to
order by Mrs. C- M. Ayres, president.
The report of the secretary, Mrs. S. W.
Thompson, showed the organization to be
in good condition. Thirty-eight new mem
bers were added during the year, making
a membership of nearly 200.
Railway Bold at Auction.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 26.— The Alum
Rock Railway has been sold at auction by
Sheritf Lindon to John Center of San
Francisco for $45,000. The sale was made
to satisfy a judgment on a mortgage.
There is still a deficiency on the judgment
of $2967. The road is a motor line run
ning from East San Jose to Alum Rock, a
distance of six miles.
THE WEAVERVILLE TRIAL
Tracing Joe Gregory's Whereabouts on
the Day After the Litt/efie/d
Lynching,
WEAVEEVILL.E, Cal., Aug. 26.— A1l
the evidence given to-day in the trial of Joe
Gregory lor complicity in the lynching ol
"Jack" Littlefield in Round Valley last
September was corroborative ol that that
has gone upon record in the past week. A
half-dozen witnesses told of circumstances
that point strongly toward the defendant's
guilt.
Walter Clark, the half-breed, stated on
the stand this morning thai while at the
Red Mountain House on the evening of
September 27, 1895, he heard three shots
fired about ten minutes after sundown.
The reports came from the spot where the
witness subsequently saw the body of
"Jack" Littlefield hanging to a tree.
Peter O'Neil swore that on the 26th ol
September, himself, in company with
Charles Gregory, a brother to the defend
ant, Fred Radcliffe and Mrs. Radcliffe, left
Covelo between 9 and 10 o'clock in the
morning en route to Vinton'a cabin.
About three-quarters of a mile from Covelo
Mrs. Radcliffe and Charles Gregory rode
on ahead. The next morning Joe Greg
ory and Buck Lacock came early to Vin
ton's cabin. O'Neil spoke to Lacock be
fore 1 he reached the cabin. Lacock told
him that Vinton had been shot and wanted
Gregory to come over. Radcliffe mounted
a mule and rode over to Haydon's house
in company with Gregory and Buck La
cock. Gregory carried a rifle when they
started, but Radcliffe bore no arms.
When they returned both carried rifles,
and in addition Gregory wore a six
shooter. On the afternoon of that day
(September 27) the witness, with Radcliffe
and Charlie Gregory, went fishing down
past the lower crossing of Eei River.
About 3:30 o'clock O'Neil saw Crow, Little
field and Van Horn (Van Horn ahead, Lit
tlefield in the middle and John Crow be
hind) crossing the river in the direction of
the Red Mountain House. When asked if
he had seen any one else that day O'Neill
said that they had met a party camped on
the river (the Rose Russ and Annie Crabtree
party previously mentioned during the
trial), and that later he saw Bill Espey,
Frank Potter, Frank Hanover and a Fleet
wood boy.
The party had been iip to Haydon's
house. O'Neill stated positively that both
Fred Radciiffe and Joe Gregory returned
that night to Vinton's cabin after dark.
When cross-questioned by Oregon San
ders, attorney for the defense, whether he
had not told many persons in and about
Round Valley that Gregory and Radcliffe
had returned to the Vinton cabin before
sundown O'Neill replied that he had.
When asked why, he answered that he
was afraid ol getting shot in the back, as
many another man had in Round Valley,
for knowing too much, as was William
Williams and Sherman, recently killed at
Covelo.
"I was afraid that if I told the truth
Gregory would murder me," O'Neili said.
SAN DIEGO REJECTS THE LINE.
Refuses the Oriental Steamship Com-
party's Proposition Because San Fran
cisco Gained Thereby.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aur. 26.— President
Morse of the Chamber of Commerce,
Simon Levi, J. E. Fishburn and George H.
Ballou, constituting the committee from
the Merchants' and Manufacturers' Asso
ciation, to confer with a similar committee
of Los Angeles business men regarding
the Japanese steamship line, returned this
evening from Los Angeles. After a con
ference lasting two hours, the joint com
mittee of the two cities had adopted the
following resolution, rejecting the propo
sition of the Japanese, because of the in
sertion of a clause making the port of San
Francisco one of the terminals, the previ
ous understanding with President Asano,
at the Brewster Hotel, in this city, being
that San Diego would be made the exclu
sive terminus:
Whereas, The proposition submitted by the
Oriental Steamship Company, tnrough S.
Asano, with regard to the raising of guaranty
of freight from this section, contains a pro
vision which is ar variance with the under
standing that has prevailed in previous nego
tiations—a provision whereby San Diego is de
prived of the advantage of being the only port
to be touched on the American coast*; and
whereas, said provision will destroy a large
element of value of the line to the commerce of
this section ; therefore, be it
Jicso'ved, As the sentiment of the joint com
mittee representing- the Chamber of Com
merce of Los Anseles and the Chamber of
Commerce ot can Diego, to whom this matter
has been referred tor consideration by these
respective todies, that said proposition of the
Oriental Steamship Company cannot be ac
cepted in its present form, and is respectfully
referred back to the company, with the Drom
ise of friendly co-operation and interest in
any line which they may establish between
Japan and Southern California.
Santa Cruz Hater Bonds.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 26.— Judge
Magaire of San Francisco and Frank J.
Sullivan, who represents the Phelan estate
here, addressed a mass-meetinz to-night
on the subject of the necessity for the tax
payers ol tnis city to push the defense of
the suit of Albert H. Waito against the
city of Santa Cruz for the payment of the
water bonds transferred by Walter
Stanton. They declared that the aliened
larceny of the $360,000 worth of bonas by
Stanton could not be held under the re
quirements of procedure to be an indict
able crime, but that the principal roint in
this issue is to show that they are not ne
gotiable bonds.
■ Ffa ? ♦!?* Sa L liTan showed that the hold
ing of these bonds valid by the court
would necessitate the payment by the city
of not merely 5360.000 for building the
water works, bat an additional $300 000 or
more for the refunding bonds, making an
actual total indebtedness of $70? 000
«; A?l Clark ', Tho opened the' meeting
urfted the people to consider the necessity
in the matter, and explained that the fund
'J fire* Abound Xafce Tahot.
2 MCKINSEV3, Lakk Tahok, Cal., Aug.
TW 1 b l" are raging aroand like
Tahoe and the water is overhung with
clonds^of smote. Valuable" timber' th^
property of Ed , Sweeney ; of - Carson lit
five'K °° Frfday al Swifts staSnlL!
aye tires are _ m progress . on the western
shore of the lake. At Incline another
large fire is raging, and at the southern
end of the lake several large ones have
been started. Men* have gone to the scene
to prevent the spread of the flumes, and
they are staying their progress.
RIDING THROUGH NEVADA
The Transcontinental Relay Riders Making
Fast Time — Li/lie's Adventure
Near Cascade.
WHITE PLAINS, Nev., Aug. 26.— The
Examiner- Journal transcontinental bicy
cle relay arrived at White Plains, 351
miles distant from San Francisco, at 8:43
o'clock to-night, twelve minutes ahead of
schedule time. Clark station was passed
at 2:10 p. m., Wadsworth at 3:50 p. m., and
Hot Springs at 7 p. m. The couriers are
making faster time than was expected
and will probably reach Lovelocfcs by mid
night.
RENO, N«v., Aus. 26.— The riders of
the Examiner relay race passed through
Truckee at 9:32 this morning. T. R.
Lillie, the rider who carried the packet
from Dutch FJat to Truckee, met with a
thrilling adventure while crossing the
large steel bridge near Cascade. The
snowsheds in that vicinity deaden. the
sound of approaching trains, and while in
the middle of the bridge Lillie became
cognizant of the fact that a freight train
was almost upon him. He made a gallant
run for the end of the bridge, and had he
not made fast time a death would have
been recorded as a starter for the big race.
He beat the train but a few seconds.
The relay at Truckee was made without
a moment's loss, the courier riding from
Truckee to Verdi beating schedule time by
ten minutes.
Peremptory Writ of Mandamut.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Auk. 26.— Judge
Clark to-day granted a peremptory writ ol
mandamus to the trustees ol Long Beach,
in which he directs them to canvass the
vote in the disincorporation matter. Ten
days' time is allowed in which the trus
tees can appeal the case to the Supreme
Court
Turhu Repulsed by Cretan*.
ATHENS, Obexcx, Aug. 28.— A body ol
Turks yesterday made an attack upon the
Cretans at Ma'levysi, but were repulsed,
losing forty of their number killed and
wounded.
Is the light that will brine V great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndvan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vitalizer made.- It is so powerful
that it is simply wonderful how harmless
it is. You can get it from nowhere bat
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Writ*
for circulars and testimonials. • '
; The extraordidary Rejuvenator is the
most wonderfnl discovery of the age. <- It
has been indorsed by the leading scientific
men of Europe and America. ■
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty . days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous twitchings of the
eyes and other parts. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system-  It is
as cheap as any other remedy. « r; jy'r '7'- v.
■ HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions/ and develops ana restores weak
organs. Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. ". Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements. ... ; . .„ , 1
Prematureness means lmpotenoy in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudyan.
Hudyan costs no more than any other ram-
edv. Send for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— Xmpnre blood, due to ser!-
•as private disorder!, carries myriads : of sore-
producing germs. Tnen ct>me sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, Dicers In mouth, old sores and
tailing hair. You can save a trip to Hot Sprlan
by using the great 80-day cure. Call or write for
80-day circulars. ■ •
HUDSON MEDICAL, INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
. BAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
■ m^_ m^ mm^ mm^^ mmmm ' m \ 1, _. . _... l_ jM _ jMm __
Going
to
Stockton
. • • ? ■,;. • :-
Going to celebrate Admission Day?
GoinEt to show your State pride by wear-
ing our home product — STANDARD
Shirts? i . .
. . • - .'
; '.*l li TRAD& I*
N.B.
I MARK I
NEUSTADTER BROS.. Mfrs.. San Francisco.
: 3000
CARNATIONS
'Field-Grown ' From ■ Spring Cuttings
by an Experienced < Eastern' Florist.
IX VARIETIES
..As follows: • -, - .
Portia, Scarlet 4 Lizzie McOo wan, 1
Wlliam Scott, V " Silver Spray. 10n,.,.
I>ay Break, - I_. . . Ulnsies White, h* 1 " 1 *
Tidal Wave, . f 1^ 11 *- , white Winp, I
Grace Wilder, j Gold Fincn, Gold, Yellow.
American Striped.
These plants are well-grown for "Win-
ter- bloom, and will -be_; sold to the
trade at reasonable rates,
T.fl.ißlSTßO]lflASos
FLORISTS, EITO.,
Rose Aye. Nurseries.
Address:
Mills College P. P., Alameda Co., Cal.
mEN AGES
■'. ;.j j^-~ I ~~^. Quidily f ThoronBhlT,
J^ t£z& Forever Cured.
'"-iy^wfx\\CS;' \ suffer nervousness,
M A !l mental worry, attacks
Forever Cured.
Four out of five who
suffer nervousne^.
mental worry, attacks
\ 'Jtiii^^H '|of "the blues," are but
\ /9n^^^>A. // paying the penalty of
■: early excesses. Vie-
: i**4&^ ■ tims, reclaim your
B=s^r • . manhood, regain your
vigor." Don't despair. 1 Send for book with
explanation and proofs. Mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.SILVER MEN
SOLO OUT,
Bimetallic League Secre
tary Udell Charges
Treachery.
FUSION BACKED BY THE
RAILROAD
White Metal Leaders Said to Be
Using Southern Pacific
Money.
THOMAS V. CATOR'S BOAST AT
SAN ITJIS OBISFO.
Expose of as Alleged Plot to Capture
a United States Sen
atorship.
Los Angeles Oftice or The Call,)
62* South Broadway. >
BLos Ajtgei.es, Cal., Aug. '26. )
The following open letter from the sec- ;
retary of the Bimetallic League of Califor
nia explains itself. It was handed to a
Call correspondent here late this after
noon:
Los Asgeles. Cai_, Aug. 26, 1896.
To Ike Chairman of the Democratic State Cen
tral Committee— Sib.: The press dispatches pub
lished this morning announce that a joint
Congressional committee of sixteen members,
composed of Democrats, Populists and alleged
bimetallism, and of wfcich Charles D. Lane is
chairman, have by consent of your committee,
been empowered to select the candidates for
Congress in this State, to be voted for as the
joint candidates of the Demr;rats, Populista
and silver men, and that 0 her candidates,
regularly nominated by their respective par
ties, must then withdraw from the canvass or
depend on their personal following for sup
port.
Without discussing the legal questions In
volving the power of said committees, or any
portion thereof, to tear a party candidate
from his ticket, and disfranchise his party at
the behest of strangers to the convention that
nominated him, it may as well be understood
(hal Charles D. Lane is the copartner of Al
vinza Hay ward and occupies offices with him
ia the Hobart building, in which are the San
Francisco offices of more than one operating
department of the Southern Pacific Company
oi Kentucky; that Alvinza Hayward is now
in contempt of court for refusing to disclose
the assessable property of the Market-street
Railroad Company, another corporation kin
dred of the Southern Pacific Company; that
Charles D. Lave represents no silver con»
Etituency in this State and attended the Na
tional Silver Convention at St. Louis as an ap
pointee of one G. W. Baker, wno is shown by
the court records of Alameda and other coun
ties to be an attorney in the employ of the
Southern Pac ific Company.
Are Baker, Lane & Co., as the retained at
torneys and associates of the Southern Pacific
Company, to control the Congressmen that are
to represent California in tae National Legis
lature? If so -was there ever a more shame
less betrayal of the people of this State?
I have the honor of being secretary of the
first silver organization that came into exist
ence in California, but it could not be con
trolled by hirelings of the Sou them Pacific,
and they, with the aid of a traitor in our
ranks, set up a rival organization and headed
it with G. W. Baker. In June last they ad
mitted that they had no organization In the
State, but, thinking they could fool tne
people, they made a call for Senatorial dis
trict conventions to elect delegates m to the Na
tional Silver Convention held last month in
St. Louis. Not half a dozen delegates so
elected under the call attended the conven
tion. Those elected refused to agree to the
Baker programme, and their places in the
delegation of forty-fire members were filled
by appointments made by G. W. Baker.
Since the return from St. Louis, the Lane-
Baker- Southern Pacific Company combination
have appointed their State executive com
mittee, and a member thereof is Thomas V.
Cator, the Populist candidate for United
States Senator. In San Luis Obispo, on the
14th inst., and in my presence, Mr. Cator to a
number of Populists in eSect stated that. he
had made a deal with the Democracy by which
the Populists were to have the Assemblymen
and the Democrats the Senators in November
next to be elected to the California Legislature.
At the same time and place he also in sub
stance asserted that by reason of his personal
exertions the Lane-'Buker-Southern Pacific
Company combination had beep induced not
to contribute funds to the Democratic State
Central Committee, bat to make the fight in
their own behalf as a silver organization.
This was "the result of a week's good work,"
he ejaculated with gusto.
As she Senators to be elected hold office for
four years and in 1899 will vote for a successor
to Stephen M. White, and as there are eighty
Assemblymen and twenty State Senators to be
chosen next November, it is obvious who
would be the real beneficiaries of the deal, to
the detriment of several loyal Democrats and
Populists who deserve the honor of represent
ing California in the United States Senate.
Yet this is not all, for it appears in the col
umns of a San Francisco daily newspaper,
isaaed March 21, 1596. that G. W. Baser said
that "the Bimetallic League (Baker being its
chairman) recognized the fact that Populists
were silver meu, and in order to head oS Debs
and Taubeneck, who is chairman of the Popu
list National Committee, the Bimetallic
League sent three men from California to (he
meeting of the Populist National Committee
with the view of inducing it to postpone the
meeting of the Populist National Convention
until after the Republican and Democratic
conventions had trani.ed their platforms and
nominated their candidates."
.In view of the fact that E. M. Wardall was
then, and is now, chairman of the People's
party State Central Committee, and is not a
member of the Populi«t National Committee,
it seems in order for him to explain the reason
of his attendance and action at the session of
the National Committee which called the last
Peop party National Convention to meet at
& time that necessarily resulted in the present
demoralized condition of his party. If the
Baker-Lane-Cator-Sonthern Pacific Company
combination would speak truthfully they might
account for Mr. Wardaii's action in the prem
ises, and explain his willingness to now sur
render the nominees of his party to their con
trol.
In conclusion, I will say that the true silver
men oi this State uo not seek to in terrene
themselves into such an unholy alliance. We
trust to the wise judgment of the honest men
in the rank? of those' who support William J.
Bryan for President, and >ye will support any
silver candidate who remains free and unfet
tered wits corporation chains. Respectfully,
Alva Udell, Secretary Bimetallic Party.
POPCLIbTS AT BEMCIA.
W. A. Tann of Coins* Is dominated for
Congress.
BENICIA, Cal . Aug. 26.— The Popu
list Convention of the Third Congressional
Di-trict held here to-day, was presided
over by W. A. Vann of Colusa.
The secretary called the roll and 30 out
of 44 delegates were found to be present.
A minority report waa presented asking
the convention : to reinstate Marion Can
non in the ranks of the Populists, but on
motion it was laid on the table.
A platform was adopted pledging the
convention to the support of Bryan and j
Watson and indorsing - the action of the
State Executive Committee regarding the
election of seven Congressmen pledged to
free coinage *of ' silver. It was f resolved
that the convention nominate a candidate ]
for Congressman » subject i to \ the « indorse- !
ment by the joint convention of the Dem- j
ocratic and People party at Vafiejo, Sep- j
tember 4, ISW, provided that each party,
Democrats and Populists, have an equal
vote in *-uc:» joint convention, and pro
vided further, that if such joint conven
tion by a two-thirds vote does not agree
upon a candidate, ttien the candidate here
nominated shall be declared tne People s
party nominee for Congress for this dis-
The convention decided tD appoint
a delegation consisting of twelve mem
bers—one from each county and nve a;
iaree— to represent this convention at
Vallejn, September 4, 1596. to such ]omt
Congressional convention.
In the Congressional nominations, tirst
ba'.lot, Ju-i_eGioson of Oakland received
12 votes, ML G. Majors of Alameda 4, J. C.
Banner ot Alameda 3. W. A. \ ann of
Colusa 17. On s cond ballot Vann received
24 and Gibson 17. Vann was declared the
unanimous choice of the convention.
HUSBi.VerOA JiEPCBLICASS.
Sam Hade ana W. J. Doolittle AomJ
nnt'd for Congress.
TACOMA, Wash-, An*. 36.— The Re
| publican State Convention to-night nomi
! nated by acclamation Congressman Sam
Hyde of* Spokane and W. Y. Doolittie of
Tacoma. Then, in order to prevent the
possible nomination of P. C. Sullivan of
Tacoma, Republican National Committee
man for this State, for Governor, the con-
I vention adjourned.
Thetiehton Sullivan is also a fight on
Governor John H. McGraw, who is slated
for the United States Senate, to succeed
Senator Squire, who has joined the free
silver Repuolican3. ilcGraw thus far has
been sat upon by his political enemies,
'<■ although a sentence was inserted in the
1 platform denouncing personal abuse of
the chief executive of the State and in
dorsing his acts. His plan, coupled with .
that of the Republican National Commit
teeman, P. C. Snilivan, contemplates
nominating Sullivan for Governor, thus
shutting cut the present Secretary of
State for a renomination. The Secretary
is strong all over the State and is upset
ting and smashing the slate.
The convention adopted a platform in
■ dorsing the St. Louis platform in all its
details on the currency question, quoting
the St. Lonis plank, and adds the words:
\Ve heartily approve of the declaration of
the Republican National Convention in which
it pledges the Republican party to promote an
: international agreement, ana we hereby mi
i struct oar Senators and Representatives in
t Congress to earnestly co-operate with the ad
ministration to that end. We believe that
patriotic citizens of the Nation will never in
trust its monetary legislation to any parry
; under the leadership of such men as Bryan,
' Tillman and Altgeid.
The platform declares for protection,
: pensions to soldiers, equitable freight
rates, election of United States Senators
by direct vote, immediate survey of Gov
ernment lands, land registration system,
: stringent immigration laws, and denounces
1 the Chicago platform, especially the at
tack on the Supreme Court. The woman
suffrage plank was voted down, and a
resolution censurine State officials tor ac
cepting railroad passes was ignored.
The fight over the nomination of Gov
! ernor is keeping, excitement at a high
; pitch to-night. A full delegation is pres
ent from every county.
SHORTRIDGE AT NEVADA CITY.
{ Large Republican Gathering Addressed
6y the San Franciscan.
NEVADA, Cal., Aug. 26— The Repub
i lican campaign was opened here to-night
with one of the largest and mos: enthusi
astic meetings ever held in Nevada
County. The entire population turned
I out to hear Samuel M. Shortridge. A
. special train bore hundreds of Republi
' cans from Grass Valley. The theater in
. which the meeting was held was crowded
to the doors and many could not gain ad
mittance.
Mr. Shortridge paid special attention to
the financial question. He pointed out
' the mistakes, fallacies and failures of the
; Democratic party, declaring it was
■ ashamed of its record and sought to mis
lead the American people by a false issue.
He showed that financial depression and
"hard" times were not the result of the
want of money, but of lack of confidence.
He declared that toe Republican party, as
the true bimetallic party, should be
trusted by the American people to suc
\ cessfully deal with the financial questions.
■ In eloquent words the speaker called upon
! Republicans to organize and work for the
I whole ticket. In conclusion he said:
"The dart night of Democracy is pass
ing away never to return. The welcome
tight of Republican morning is breaking.
Fear not; t.e Democratic nigh: of dis
aster, danger and dismay will soon be
past, and we sha.l be once again in the
hieh. noon of Republican power, progress
and prosperity."
The meeting was under the auspices of
the McKinley Club, and F. J. Dennis,
president of that organization, was its
chairman.
F USION IN SACRAMENTO.
Democrats and Populists >'atne a Corn-
bination Ticket.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aue. 26.— Calmly
and quietly tbe slated county ticket of the
Democratic- Populists fusion passed down
the line to-day and drifted placidly through
the twin conventions, with one solitary
approach to a jar, and that was in the
nomination of candidates for the Superior
judaeship in the Democratic side of tbe
bouse. The candidates were three and
the positions in the Democratic gift were
two, and for the past week all the candi
dates have been drilling and drilling hard.
"I 1 aye been in a number of hard politi
cal battles in my life," said Judge Mat F.
Johnson to-night, as he wiped the per
spiration from his brow, "bat this was by
long odds the hottest I ever encountered."
The ticket is as follows: State Senator,
Gillis Doty (D.). Assemblyman, Twentieth
District, "M. J. Curtis (Pop). Twenty
lirst Distriit, A. Mazzini (D). Twenty
eecond District, L. M. Lansborough
(Dj. Superior Judges — J. M. Hucbe? and
Mat F. Johnson (D.). J. H. McKane
(Pop). Supervisors Third District— C. W.
Daily (Pop). Fourth District, J. E. Camp
(Pot ). Second District. Wiliiam McLaugh
lin (D.) City Justice of the Peace, R. M.
Clarkin. Constable, G. Clark. Coroner,
W. T. Hamilton (Pop.)
SANTA BARBARA POLITICS.
The Daily Independent Drops Into the
Free Silver Hanks. -
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Aug. 26.—
Silver is having its innings at Santa Bar
ban, which is generally regarded as a
solid gold town when it comes to voting.
Within a few days the Daily Independent
has been leased to Charles L. Donahue and
Clio . Lloyd and has changed its politics
irom a goid Democratic sheet to free silver.
To-night Stephen M. White spoke at the
opera-house to a large audience.
Santa Barbara journalism is now in a
• very peculiar way. Of her three papers
" two are free silver Democratic sheets and
the other is understood to be owned and
conducted by a life-long Democrat, : al
though nominally a Republican ; sheet.
Yet Santa Barbara is a strong Republican
town and always polls a heavy majority
for that party.
Pasadenm's Colored Jtepublicant.
PASADENA, Cal., Aug. 26.— Tbe meet
ing of the Pasadena Colored McKinley
Club Saturday evening was addressed by
Hon. VV. E. HeDderson of San Francisco,
who heid bis large audience in rapt at
tention for over an hour. The speaker
vividiy portrayed the iife of McKinley
from the DattletieSd to the Governor's
chair, and was frequently interrupted by i
applause. T. B. Morton, president of the !
Stale Afro-American League, waa also i
present, and in stirring words advised the '
members to rally to the support of the I
Republican ticket.
-
Coronmdo Bepublicans Banded.
CORONADO, Cal., Aug. 26.— A rousing
meeting was held here to-night and a Me-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
The First Train Over the Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais Scenic Railroad, as It Reached a
Clearing Near the Summit.
Kinley and Hobart dub organized, with a
membership of eighty-five. The following
officer? were elected: President, J. H.
Hartupee; rice-presidents — S. A- Burnap.
T. J. Fisher, George Foster, E. S. Babcock,
George E. Abbott, J. L. Hizar; secretary,
Henry G. Crocker; treasurer, G. W. Fry,
Campaign committees were appointed
and preparations made to attend the rally
here on tbe night of September I, when
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge ana Senator
Perkins will speak.
Alrino Republican League Club.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Aug. 26.— A Repub
lican League club has been organized at
Alviso. Joseph A. Shields is president;
C. W. Leitch, secretary; J. E. Chase, treas
urer. The club starts with a membership
of about fifty.
SAN DIEGO CELEBRATION.
yatice Son* Planning for the Admission
Day Carnival.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Aug. 26.—Prepara
tions are being made to appropriately
celebrate Admission day, . September 9, \
by San Diego parlor No. 108. Large, ex- ;
cursions will be run from all points in
Southern California, and many visiting
natives are expected to participate. Prep
arations are now being made to decorate
the principal streets, hotels and business
houses. Tnere will .be a parade in the
morning, consisting of ail the military or
; ganizations. Naval Reserves, Grand Army
\ and most of the Federal organizations.
: The Native Sons and Daughters will be
well represented, as will also the school
children. In the afternoon road races
around the bay and yacht races on the bay
will be the principal attractions. In the
evening fireworks ana a grand , Native
Sons' ball will be given at the armory, for
which 1000 invitations have been issued.
On the evening of the Bth a masked
street carnival will be held.
DEL MONTE PAPER CHASE
Buriingame Riders Indulge in
Game of Hare and
Hounds.
Mr. Lawson Wins the Prize by Beat"
ing the Pursuers Over the
Course.
DEL MONTE. Cal., An*. 26.— John
Lawson won the paper chase to-day. That
is he was the first of the "hounds" to fin
! ish. "I nevah saw such a beastly ride,"
ejaculated the winner as his tired pony
took the last jump thirty-five minutes
after the "hare;" had completed the
course. It was all wonderfully flat. Two
"bares," one of whom laid out the course
with ten minutes start of six "hounds,"
beat the nearest of their competitors home
more than half an hour. Others of the
"canines" are probably running yet.
It is complained by members of tbe pur
suing party that in addition to tbe ten
I minutes start the "hares" had the ad
| vantage of leaving an almost undistinguish
! able trail. The paper used Was white and
at certain portions of the route could not
be perceived.
Captain Wainwright and Cecil Tobin,
who impersonated the hares, left the
entrance of the Hotel Del Monte at 3:38
p. x. With eyes starting and ears wob
bling the bunnies started off in a fright,
leaving behind a plain "scent." At 3:48
Daniel O'Connell, John Lawson, Henry
Scott, Frank Carroll, Francis Francis and
a juvenUe member of the Tobin family,
who constituted the "pack," were in full
bay on the trail. A number of sanguinary
spectators, anxious to be in at tbe death,
followed in a rags, dog carts, victorias and
otaer vehicles of more plebeian build. I
W. 8. Hobart and party occupied his drag;
Charles A. Baldwin and party were en
sconced in a victoria; the Misses Tobin
were in two dog carts, attended by Richard
M. Tobin ana Caesare Poma; Mrs. Caro
lan and party followed in a handsome
i equipage. Other members of local soci- j
j ety were sandwiched in between tbe turn
outs oi the citizens of Monterey and
vicinity.
It was no trick at all to get to the finish ]
in front of the grand stand of the race- !
track before the hares arrived. Everybody j
I was comfortably settled when the pursued !
hove in sight. When they urged their ]
horses over the hurdle tbey received a !
siight round of applause. Then when Mr. I
Lawson, Mr. O'Connell and Mr. Scott jrot !
in half an hour later there was a little ■
more applause, and the muchly heralded i
I paper chase was over.
The hares had proven themselves very
fleet. Mr. Lawson had beaten his con
ferees. Mr. O'Connell had finished a close '
second and Mr. Scott a creditable third. I
There waa no fourth. One of the other ;
starters was found sipping tea with some '<
I female friends when the cavalcade re- i
turoed to the hotel. Frank Carroll got ]
lost. He probably did not emulate the
example of Mr. Archibald at San Mateo
some time ago and trail a Chinese funeral, •
but. at any rate, he got lost.
He, however, subsequently found him- !
self. Mr. O'Connell lost both his stirrups, !
or he wonid have won. He was a full ;
cigarette smoke ahead of all competitors •
when the untoward accident happened.
To-morrow's programme includes fire
j races. The first is a quarter-mile dash for i
qualified polo ronies, gentlemen riders, \
for which there are five entries. Tbe sec- i
ond is a six-furlong affair for ail ages, with i
j nine entries. The third is another event !
I for gentlemen jockeys, five furlongs for !
1 ponies, with *ix entries. There are ten '
: entries for the fourth race, for ail ages at I
I a mile, and nine for the fifth, a two-mile '
I steeplechase.
The cup prite; for polo and race win- ■,
ners. including the Buriingame cap to be i
raced for on Saturday, are on exhibition j
in the lobby of the hotel and are much i
admired by the guests.
Amone the arrivals this evening were i
Mrs. H T. Scott, Miss Cunningham, Miss i
Gibson, i: «. Ponce de Leon, Mrs. H. Bar- |
roilhet, Char <■• F. Tay and wife, Gaston j
Ash and wife, Jerome B. Lincoln, Andrew I
Jackson, J. L. Rathbone, Colonel E. E. i
Eyre and wife, F. S. Douty and wi/e.
Ptxrn ix Fruit land Sale.
PHCENIX. Ariz., Aug. 26.— Tne largest
sale of real estate ever made in Arizona
waa a deal closed yesterday in the transfer
of 500 acres of orange groves and fruit
lands for $150,000, to a Cnicago syndicate.
A cannery and iruit-packing establish
ment will be erected.
• — « — •
The King of PUi's is Beecluuat— Bkkcham a.
TO TAMALPAIS' SUMMIT,
First Train on the Scenic Line
Ascends the Steep Moun
tain.
From the Peak a Party of Excur
sionists View a Picturesque
Landscape.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., Aug. 26.-
O Tamalpais. grand Tamaipala,
Guardian of Paradise,
Whose very mists descend to kiss
The feet of oar metropolis.
Grandly you stand in robes of state.
The guard '.an of oar Golden Gate.
J. L Tatlo*.
The Mill Valley and Mount Tamalpais
Scenic Railroad Company cave an excur
sion over its unique road to-day to mem
bers of the press. Comparatively few
prominent lights of the quill were pres
ent, but a goodly number of leading men
of other callings attended, and they were
deeply interested in what they saw.
The train for the mountain trip starts
from the terminu3 of the Mill Valley
Raiiroad, and the shift of cars suggests
the change of clothing made by tourists
at the inns well up the slopes of the Alps.
Everything pertaining to the new road is
suggestive of strength. It is a Sharkey
track, and a Snarkey engine and train.
The engine is massive and powerful, but
yielding and elastic. It is pivoted, so to
speak, jointed in unusual places, and
automatic ia every artery and vein. It is
solemn and deliberative, buiit for busi
ness, and gives an "at home" impression.
And this im tression attaches to every
thing about tbe road.
The train goes straight toward the sky,
or at least rises 2300 feet in a little over
two miles as the crow flies, and yet the
most timid passenger feels perfectly se
cure. The road is eight and a quarter
; miles long, ascending by an average of
less than 5 per cent to the mile, and never
exceeding 7. The bed is almost all on
solid rock, cut in the spurs of the moun
tain, and as firm as its giant ribs. Very
few fills occur, very few trestles, and these
very short. But it :s a maze of loops and
doubles, which call into requisition all
the late advances in railroad science. Its
sharpest loops have a radius of only 72
feet, and in rounJmg tnem the train sug
gests the eld cotiiion bgure of right and
left, while the engine and rear car are
dancing dos y do?.
The ascent it made in ninety minutes
and the descent in forty-hve. The first
business trip open to the public will be
made to-morrow, leaving tne City at II :45
o'clock and returning tor dinner at home.
A delightfu* luncn was served by the
I company under the trees at Biythedaie,
|in the inspiration of which President
Cushing and Engineer Dodee were warmly
[ commended for iheir valiant enterprise
and sk llful work by General Warfield, ex
! Mayor Pond, Thomas Magee, Hugh Craig
and James I. Taylor. Mr. Magee .»aid the
Tamalpais Land Company had invested
$30,000 in the great work and he would
himself be willing to take $20,000 if there
was no return for it but the encourage
ment of an enterprise so beneficial to the
locality ana tbe State.
A large hotel is in construction at the
summit ard many fine improvements will
be completed before the opening of the
next festive season.
NATIONAL CITY'S FAILURE
Liabilities of a De'unct Bank
Are in Excess of the
Assets.
State Commissioners Find That an
Immediate Assessment Most
Be Made.
SA>" DIEGO, Cal, Aug. 26.— The State
Bank Examiners have declared the Bank
of National City insolvent, and have or
dered an assessment of 10 per cent on the
capital stock, which ia $300,000, with |30,
--000 paid np. The order is the result of the
examination of the Dank by Commissioner
McGee, who found a state of arfairs not
[ tallying with the report of the directors
I when tbe bank closed on August 12. In-
I stead of assets in excess of the liabilities,
the Commissioners find that the bank is
not in a position to i>ay its depositors, and
that an assessment of $30,000 is immedi
ately necessary.
Some days ago a committee of deposit
ors wae appointed to confer with the di
rectors for tbe purpose of securing a repre
sentation of depositors on the board and a
controlling number if possible. This com
mittee reported to a meetinz of depositors
to-day that the directors seemed willing
to allow a representation of depositors on
tne directorate, but it was doubtful if they
would allow tbe control of the bank to
pass out of their hands. The other points
of conference were aot agreed upon, and
the depositors to-day seemed more nerv
ous than at any time previous.
"We scarcely doubt that we will receive
onr money," said one of the creditors of i
i the bank 'to-day, "but it looks as if we
would have to go through a long siege to \
get it There are some stockholders who
are not solvent, and the burden will fall
upon the others, and mainly upon two,
Warren C. Kimball of National City and
George W. Haie of Malone, N. Y. 'Kim
ball is well-to-do and Hale is very j
wealthy.
"The condition of the bank is not as :
good as we were led to -uppose by the di- ;
recurs' statement. \Ye are keeping a
lookout now to discover solvent stock
holders and prevent them from disposing {
of their property. Still I believe we will \
get our money, as toe Bank Commission
ers are authorized to levy assessments
against the entire $300,000 of authorized !
capital stock, while tae sum due depos
itors is only $51,000."
J>ro*enea in the Santa Tnez.
SANTA BARBaRA,'CaI., Aug. 26.—
Word was received by the Coroner to-day
that two boys, one a son of Juan Romero
of Montecito, aged 16 years, and the other
a grandson of Romero and the son of
Jesus Bermudes. had been drowned in the
Santa Yner River, near Chalk Rock,
where the river, for the most part ex
tremely shallow, deepens to some fifteen
or twenty feet. The boys were in camp
ne3r that point, Bemudes' father being in
charge of the party. Romero left for the
scene of the accident as -oon as the
tidings were received, and the two bodies
are expected to arrive here at midnight.
BAPTISTS AT TWIN LAKES.
The Report of Home Mission Secretary j
Latourett'.
SANTA CRUZ, Cai... Aug. 26.— Rev. J.
Spencer Norvell of Fresno opened the j
Baptist convention at Twin Lakes this
morning with a very instructive and en- j
tertainine Bible reading. The business of
the day was devoted chiefly to appoint- ■
ment of committees and reading of re- ;
ports. The committee on arrangements i
; for the present session was composed of
; Revs. E. T. Sanford of Santa Cruz, F. S.
I Lawrence, district missionary, and D. V.
I Hayward of Sacramento. Committee on
nominations of officers and directors for
the ensuiug year: Judge McCune, Fresno;
Rev. T. B. ilug&es, Napa; M. Slaughter,
! Cottonwood; S. B. Hatch, Salinas; J.
I Spencer Norvell, Fresno; <5. W. Disher.
Rev. W. H. Latourette, corresponding
j secretary of the home mission board, pre
| sented his report, in which he showed
; that nine new churches had been organ
| ized within the year and that $7349 bad
I been appropriated for salaries and $642 for
I other expenses. Eight new chapels had
. oeen established. The nomination com
mittee reported the followiug for officers:
; Mrs. R. W. L. Davis, president; Mrs. Gay-
I lord, first vice-president;" Mrs. A. B.
! Banks, second vice-president; Mrs. G. M.
[ Eastwood, third vice-president; Mis? Ida
: Spencer, recording secretary; Mrs. J. D.
i Bush, corresponding secretary; Mrs. E. F.
I Joy, treasure.;. B. C. Wright," auditor.
IN A GALE OFF AVALON,
Saucy Little Defender Jr. and a
Party of Excursionists Have
a Close CalL
Loses Her Mast and Drifts Help
lessly About Until Tak n in Tow
by a Steamer.
AVALON, Catalisa Island, Aug. 26.—
Defender Jr., the yacht modeled after the
famous winner of the international cup
races, had a thrilling experience yesterday
which came near ending her earthly career
entirely as well as that of those on board.
Defender Jr. has been at Avalon for the
past month, and early in the week was
taken to San Pedro by her . owner and
builder, Captain C. H. Wedgewood, who
returned to the island wits her last Satur
day. Yesterday morning she .trimmed
her sails to the breeze and sailed out of
Avaion Bay bound for .the mainland.
Captain Wedge wood had on board a party
of friends, including two ladies. All went
well until within six or seven miles of San
Pedro harbor, when a terrific gale struck
the craft. The stanch little racer battled
gallantly for a time, but the odds were
against her and a violent gale snapped
her mast like a pipestem, dismantling her
canvas like a cyclone. The boat drifted
helplessly about until the steamer Her
mosa on her daily trip to the island
sighted her. though she was lying some
two-miles off the track of the steamer.
The Hermosa went to her assistance and
towed her back to Ava'on.
The : speed of > the big steamer was too
much tor th? racing qualities of the I little
craft, however, and her passengers were
subjected to a good ducking. .At times
the spray few so that the little model
could not be distinguished by passengers
on the decks of the Hermosa through the
cloud of foam which closed about her
wake. The passengers on the racer were
deluged in salt water, and when Avalon
was reached she was half full of water, and
as her crew came ashore in row boats they
looked as if they bad swam across.
One of the ladies fainted through fright
before the Hermosa came to the rescue,
and altogether the affair has created not a
little excitement in yachting circles. As
a matter of fact. Defender Jr. has not
proven herself to be the racer she was ex
pected to be, ; and * has not ' yet .won •' her
spurs, the Esperanra, a small but swift
yacht here, having repeatedly ? distanced
her. .;' . ■:•: -:■ ~; • - .:
♦
LOS ANGELES FORGER IN JAIL.
/several Charge* Against H. J. Butler,
• ' Alias Frank liUmnn. '<%
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Aug. 26.— H. J.
Butler, alias Frank Tillman, at one time
manager of the Los Gatos American Insti
tute, is locked up in the City Jail with
several charges ;of forgery hanging! over
his bead. . For several years Butler's stand
ing in Los Gatos ■ was tof « the very best.
About six : months ago Ije drifted to Los
Angeles, and assumed the name of Frank
Tillman. At Santa Monica he obtained
numerous sums of money on bogus checks.
He forged the name of James Wilkinson,
proprietor of the Livermore House at Liv
er more, Cal., Vto two ; checks, one for $50
on the Anglo-Calif Bank of .: San
Francisco, and one for $55 on the Bank of
California ; of San * Francisco. The latter
check was parsed ; ; : on the Cass £ Smurr
Stove Company, ana was in time reported
at police headquarters. /
-■ "! ■- - ■ '.',■. ■ ■ -. " :m"' " . '■' ... 'r • ■,
Pacific Grove Fisherman's Catch.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cai., Aug. 2a— Dr.
J. A. iloffitt, while fishing off the rocks
near the lighthouse this morning, landed
a mammoth squid. Its arms were 5 feet
2 inches long and the largest tentacles
were two Inches in diameter. Small devil
fish are often caught here, but never be
fore has such an enormous squid been
taken.
California* Commissioner* yarned.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 26.—Gover
nor Budd returned to-day from his moun
tain trip and is greatly improved in health.
He has appointed T. H. Good^nn of San
Francisco, Georee F. Weeks of Bakers
field and J. A. Fiicher of Auburn as Com
missioners to represent California at the
Tennessee exposition, to be held in Nash
ville, Term., in May, 1*97.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
FUSIONISTS IN
A SAD PLIGHT,
Party Extinction in Store
for Either Democrats
ot Populists.
ONE MUST STEP OUT.
Secretary of State Brown Gives
His Understanding of the
State Law.
NAMES MAY KOT BE GROUPED.
Tne Organization That Surrenders Its
Name Relinquishes Political
Rights.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Aug. 26.— "1 find
that I have been misquoted by the press,"
said Secretary of State Lewis H. Brown to
a Call representative 10-day. "I have
never said to any one that I would refuse
to put any nominations on tae electoral
ticket, ncr do I propose to take any party
or political advantage, but I shall do what
I de^m right under the law. Where doubt
exists, I shall defer to the opinion of the
Attorney-General. It will be impossible
for me to anticipate in what lorm election
certiheates will be presented for uiing,
and until I receive them I cannot say
what action I will take, but I shall follow
the law to the letter.
"In studying the law governing elections,
I find that several questions will arise
which are of paramount interest to the
voters of the State of ail political par
ties, as the Populists and Democrats have
decided on fusion.
"The first of these questions is: Sup
pose that the Democrats nle certificates
for five electors as nominated by their
convention, and the Populists hie cer
tificates lor four electors as nominated by
them. Now, the law of 1593 makes an ex
ception in the case of Presidential electors
over the case of individual candidates, by
proviaing that electors shall be grouped
under the heaa of the party they represent,
and sucn heading shall be in large letters.
We know of but four parties — Republican,
Democratic, Populists and Pronibitionists
— and a pariy 10 be a party under tbe iaw
must poll at "the preceding election 3 per
cent of the vote of the State. It
seems to me to be impossible to
group the Democrats and Populists
under one heading and together
because each of their present conventions
must certify to its own nominees, and
there is no provision in the existing law
which empowers the Secretary of State
to group. As they as distinct parties ful
filled the requirements of the law by cast
ins 3 per cent of the State vote each, they
should not \t this time form a new party
under a fusion heading, *but must eacu
group by itself witn its individual party
head, as there is no law that I am aware
of that admits of consolidation.
"The main question regarding fusion is
as to whether the same names can be put
upon tlie ballot twice, once under tue
name of the Democratic party and once
under the name of the Populist party.
.Should this be declared possible, then
fusion might be possible, but otherwise I
cannot see how fusion as to electors is
possible. In my judgment one or the
other of tne parties desiring to fuse must
surrender its party organization and have
all nine electors called ail Democrats or
all Popuiists. The party doing this would
be wiped out of existence as. no votes be
ing cait icr it under tne party name, it
could not present the necessary 3 per cent
vote of the 6tate required by law at the
following election. In other words, if de
sirous in tht future of making State nom
inations, it conld not do so, having for
feited party rights."
lire at Woodland.
WOODLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— The large
two-story paefcins-house and contents
belonging to the Yolo Orchard Company
was totally destroyed by fire last night,
throwing a large number of employes out
of work. Loss about $3000.
STOCKTON BOAT TRAGEDY
Dennis Herliehey of This City
Meets His Death During
a Spree.
Quarreled With Companions and to
lodge a Blow Backed Into
the Water.
STOCKTON, Cal., Aug. 2a— Aboct 8
o'clock last night the passengers on the
steamer T. C. Walker, on her way to this
city from San Francisco, were startled by
the cry, "Man overboard!" The boat was
stopped and an effort made to find the
man, who was said to have gone over the
railing, but the search proved ineffectual.
The man who was drowned was named
Dennis Herliehey. He lived on Twenty
sixth street, San Francisco.
This morning when the boat neared the
Stockton wharf Captain C. Schuler, who
had investigated the matter, decided that
three men were responsible for the drown
ing, so he whistled for officers. A police
man and deputy sheriff responded and
arrested John Voli, Harry Samm and F.
W. Samm, the last two being brothers.
The taller of the two was indirectly re
sponsible for Herliehey's death.
AU the men had been drinking together
and were under the influence of liquor,
Herliehey being the most intoxicated. He
complained because he had not been in
vited to arink, and the taller of the Samm
bovg took offense at his manner, saying.
"I'll smash yon; and to show that I will, I
do smash you," and with that he struck
him a heavy blow. He then started to
follow Herliehey up to administer further
castigaiion, and in his drunken efforts to
escape the latter backed against the rail
and fell overboard.
The District Attorney examined wit
nesses to the affair this morning, bat no
charge has been placed against the pris
oners yet.
CAMP AT SANTA CRUZ.
Drill* and Field ; Work 0/ the United
Stales Troop*. ::'; :
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Aug. 26.— The dress
parade ; and ' guard mount - by ; the First
Infantry troops U. S. A. •{. this > after
noon 'i drew fifteen ; hundred ; spectators to
Vac Sde l'Eau Park. ; To-morrow the first
! band \ concert , at « Camp • Gardeld will ;be
1 given. Colonel Miles expresses himself as
highly ' pleased j>rith 5 the courtesies ; cx
i tended the officers and troops. The regi
; mental drills and field 'maneuvers are now
i established and the -troops are getting
i down to active field work. '
WETW to-dat:
SMALLEST MAN ON EARTH
Major Criqui, Newark's 38-Inch
Man, Now in 1 This City. ■
One of the greatest coup d'etats in the
mercantile history of this city was accom-
plished recently by Messrs- Roos Bros., the
popular Kearny-street clothiers- It was
nothing more nor less than the special en-
gagement a: an enormous salary of Major
Albert J. Criqui, the smallest and "most
perfectly formed man in the world. The
Major arrived from the East yesterday,
and can be seen daily at Ross Bros.' im-
mense establ shment, 25-27 Kearny street,
where he will act in the capacity of floor-
walker during their great sale of autumn
clothing, now goin? on. The Major's
home is in Newark, N. J.i where his father,
who weighs 250 pounds, resides. The
M a jor is 20 years old, weighs but 50 pounds
and stands 38 inches high. He is a pleas-
ant little gentleman, with light hair and
wears a full dress suit and hi.-h silk bat.
He speaks three languages— English. Ger-
man and French— fluent !y. He will be
pleased to converse with anyone who calls
at Roos Bros., and will personally present
photographs of himself to all purchasers
to the amount of 50 cents or over.
"bazaar*
"SUCH i CIRCUS"
As We'll Have
This Week in Our
Stationery
Department
JUST! fC Bnvsapoci ior
SOW 1-1 HEAVY WRITING PAPER
j JI'ST Buys a pound of "HCRD^"
t NOW -O BEST WKITISG PAPER
J.STO'C Bays 250 HEAVY EXVEi OPES.
>"OW 5 or 6 inch
• JUST Q^C Buys 123 HEAVY ESVtLOPES,
NOW Oi) "Irish Lin«n" or Cream Wove
JUST 1 ?.C Buys a quire of '•HCRD-'S" .-
NOW It) IRISH LINES— S sizes and tinta
JC>T 1 yC Bays a box of "MIUNON* "
NOAV ID. SIZE PAPER— aII slmklm
J IST 1 -C Boys a box of OCTAVO 6.IZE ' •
.SOW i-O PAPER — or rough
JUST OQC Bays a box of "HERDS" BEST
NOW *tO —in all tints
(JUST Q?v<-' Buys a Beam of
NOW OO WRITING PAPER
JUST " C Bars a Good Dec* of
NOW D .. ' PLAYING CARDS
JUST OQC Boys 100 POKER CHIPS—
NOW : HA loch
JUST O(\C Buys 100 VISITING CARDS- ~~
NOW UU including printing
THE -MONOPRESSE" FOR 2 LETTER Q -C
' MONOGRAM :... :...;.. OD
Note.— a: styles of Monograms and Engraving
done at abort notice.
DOCTOR COOK
-*sjs^^ The greatest of mod-
£(Uw*~^\ era specialists, corrects
vV/ s2*^L the errors of youth and
M%\'fO?W removes their evil ef-
Ja-u . J&A fects from men of all
jT\ 's??!♦«' ages; frees them for-
■i\; *|i^^ ever from the miseries
of Lost or Failine Man -
*!Ks«Ffrr "^hood, Impotency. Yiial
Drains. Night Emissions, Sleeplessness,
Nervousness, Pimples, Bashfulness, De-
spondency, Stupidity, Loss of Ambition
and similar symptoms. He also cures
Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Stricture, Syphilis,
Varicocele, Hydrocele and all other signs
of physical, mental and sexual debility or
decay. Careful attention give n to every
form of female complaint, and to ail-
ments of the Heart, : Lungs, Liver, Stom-
! ach, Kidneys, Bladder and Urinary or-
, j gans of both . sexes. Piles, Fistula, Rup-
ture and Chronic Catarrh a specialty. The
worst cases solicited and positive cures
guaranteed. Write if you cannot call, as
1 the doctor's system of home treatment by
mail is always satisfactory. Office hours,
9t012 a. it., 2to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. Sun-
days from 10 to 12 a. at. only. Address
nnPTfIR priflVS6s market STREET,
, UUujUn IIUUV Qpp. Powell & F.. Ca.l.
Pimples. Copper?!
iSrIAYt TUU color*! Spots, Aches, Old Boretß
i ■L'kers la Mousi. Hair-yawing! 'Write COOKB
ISEXEDY CO., 807 Masonic Tempi?
HChlcago, in., lor proofs of carts. C»pHl
E§tn!, &SOO.OOO. Wont eases eared to . 15 fl
JSKto S5 day*. 100-p»sr« book free. JrJ
NOTARY PUBLIC.
7iHABLE3 H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-
i ', \J lair mod Notary Puaiio, 03t) Mvut «-_ opp>
; tne Falao* HomL Telepaana 57a, Hwhlwqi 1*44
I ittist, 'l&Uimoo* 'rue -ii%U.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. .
. SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Portage Free:
P»Uy and Sunday Cam, on« week, by carrier. .1 0.15
Daily and Funday Cau, one year, by mail. . . . 0.00
Dally and Sunday Calx* fix months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, three months by mall 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail- .65
Sunday Caix, one year, by mall 1.60
.Wxxxly Caul, one year, by ma 11..... « *••©
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you jtilnf to the country on a vacation ? If
i* It It no trouble for vi to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders liven to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE, . ',
BUSINESS OFFICE i
\ I 710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
t:80 o'clock. /
888 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 I-arkin street: open until 9:80 o'clock. V
6W. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
lit Math street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
* 908 Broadway.
. EASTERN OFPICBi
Booms 81 and 88, 84 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOI/TZ. Special A&ent.
THURSDAY ....AUGUST 27, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
rOR FBKSIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Ohio
»OR TICJF-PRESIDENT-
GARRET A. HOB&RT, of New Jersey
BtKCTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Read McKinley's letter.
The champion of prosperity speaks well.
Democracy may squirm, but the tariff is
an issue.
Now let Republicans unite and make
the victory sure
California will answer the great letter
with a rousing majority.
The banner of protection is upraised and
the people will rally to it.
We need international bimetallism and
the Republican party will give it.
The letter of acceptance is long, but
none too long for earnest voters to read.
International bimetallism is reason,
silver monometallism is a craze.
The campaign is far advanced and no
one as yet has told Tom Watson where he
stands.
The farmers can be counted on this year
to vote for McKialey and the home
market.
The people have confidence in McKinley,
and in that confidence lies the assurance
of prosperity.
Men who attempt to stir up strife in
Republican ranks may call themselves
Republicans, but no one else does. .
There is a promise of better times in
McKinley's letter to every farm, forge,
fireside and factory in tbe country.
The platform and the letter of accept
ance are about the only campaign docu
ments the Republican party needs.
Protection and prosperity are synony
mous terms in this country, and to have
the one we must support the other.
Imposing a charge on the transportation
of bicycles is such a poor business that
even a monopoly cannot make it pay.
If tho fellows who told us four years ago
"the tariff is a tax" could be found now
they would he beard shouting "the deficit
is a bonus."'
Intelligent Americans will take notice
that McKinley speaks always of the har
mony of labor and capital, while Bryan
speaks only of conflict between them.
The Dcs Moineß Capital takes the cake
with this : "Mr. Bryan, you shall not press
another patch on the pants of American
labor; you shall not crucify the weary
Willie at the crossroads."
With thousands of men out of employ
ment and winter coming on, every sane
man can see that the chief issue before the
country is to reopen the shops and pro
vide work for the workers.
The Examiner says McKin ley's recent
speech to the potters was the same he
delivered in 18SG, and then neglects to add
that Bryan is not telling tbe country any
thing he said in that year. .
The State Fair managers, who are ar
ranging for a series of discussions of live
topics, would make a ten stroke if they
could get Sewall and Watson to come to
Sacramento and debate their little issue.
The Democrats seem to have agreed to
let the elections in the East go by default
this year, and this gives the Republicans
of the West the glory of meeting the
whole force of the enemy and defeating it.
Those so-called Republicans who are
trying to divide the party, drag down the
leaders and confuse the public are really
trying to give the victory to Democ
racy but haven't the courage to make an
open fight.
If you use articles made in some other
country you benefit the labor of that coun
try; if yon use home-made goods you
benefit home labor; if you vote for free
trade in foreign articles yon vote against
American workingmen, and if yon vote
the Democratic ticket you vote for lree
trade.
In giving an account of a controversy
between C. F. McGlashan and A. Cami
netti, in which McGlashan is reported to
nave said, "You can't call my friend a
liar," tho Examiner of yesterday says:
"Caminetti answered. ryv-gUcf&A.
c Jahvfuf." "What kind of campaign talk
is that?
In his speech at Albany Bryan said: "I
expect in this campaign the support of
many Democrats who are not willing to
indorse all tbe platform declares for," and
it would seem from this that Bryan in
tends to pose as something better than
his platform and is playing the Cleveland
dodge on the people.
SOUND, CLEAR AND SATISFYING.
Major McKinley gives voice to tbe Re
publican platform in his letter of accept
ance with force and clearness, leaving
nothing to be guessed at or twisted to
mean something else. The country now
knows for sure what to exDect if he is
elected. Like a manly man, like a sincere
patriot and like a true and tried friend
of the people Major McKinley declares that
"The first duty of the Republican party,
if restored to power in the country, will be
the enactment of a tariff law which will
raise all the money necessary to conduct
the Government, economically and hon
estly administered, and so adjusted as to
give preference to home manufactures and
adequate protection to home laborand the
home market."
Thus the country is assured that if Re
publican principles have the indorsement
of the people in November the whole
power and influence of the Government
wiil be brought t j bear to immediately se
cure such legislation as shall be most con
ducive to the well-being of every business
interest, and which shall give the wage
earner the greatest possible opportunity
for constant employment at satisfying
pay. No other assurance is needed. As
sure as the Republican party triumphs
the industries of the country will open
wide their doors and invite labor to enter
and accept permanent work at highly re
munerative wages.
On the money question Major McKinley
will be indorsed by men of ail parties who
want to see every form of our money kept
at par under any and all circumstances.
He says: "Tne Republican party has not
been and is not now opposed to the use
of silver money, as its record abund
antly shows. It has done all that could
be done for its increased nse, with
safety and honor, by the United States
acting apart from other Governments.
Ibis has been the unbroken policy of the
Republican party Bince 1875. It has in
augurated no new policy. It will keep in
circulation and as good as sold all of the
silver and paper money which are now in
cluded in the currency of the country. It
will maintain their parity. It will pre
serve their equality in the future as it has
always done in the past"
AN IMPORTANT MATTER.
The tariff and the money question are
the leading issues in this campaign, and
they cannot be discussed too much; but
meanwhile the people should not lose
sight of the attack upon the Federal Su
preme Court by the Bryan platform. It is
said that Altgeld is responsible for that
particular plank, but no matter who in
sDired or who wrote it, the fact remains
that the purpose is, if Bryan is elected, to
revamp tbe Supreme Court so that de
cisions may be had that wiil not interfere
with the operation of the principles of
Altgeldism in social ana business life.
The question of the court interpreting
lawfrom the standpoint of the declarations
of the constitution is not to be considered,
says the Chicago platform. Th« Bryanites
want to accomplish certaiit things, but
which cannotfbe accomplished without
the sanction of the Supreme Court. As
the court is now constituted there is no
hope of their being sustained in their
revolutionary schemes, and so the plan is
to increase the nnmber of Justices enough
to give the Ahgelds a clear majority. It
will be seen that, with a Supreme Court in
full sympathy with the aims of the Bryan-
Altgeld combine, decisions to order could
be relied upon.
Altgeld's chief reason for wanting such
a court is to protect him, when occasion
requires, from the authority of the General
Government. There have been times in
the past when the Federal courts were
very much in hia way, and he is quite de
sirous that they should be reorganized
with some reference to his wishes in the
matter of handing down decisions. Mr.
Bryan is viciously anxious to "tap" those
who have incomes from investments and
business enterprises under the guise of an
"income tax," and he wants a Supreme
Court that will reverse tne decision of the
present court and declare that it is alto
gether constitutional for the Government
to rob its citizens that way.
But the danger of Bryanism lies, not
wholly in its purpose to revamp the
Supreme Court for political purposes. The
introduction of the spoils system would be
equally as dangerous to the risrbts of the
people, but with the spoils of office as the
reward lor disreputable campaign work,
and with a Supreme Court in sympathy
with all forms of Bryanism, which means
the very reverse of what Republicanism
stands for, the sovereignty of the people
would be turned into the serfdom of the
people. Tho people must protect the
Supreme Court of the Nation from
Altgeldism at all hazard.
REPUBLICANISM GROWING.
If the race for the Presidency were ex
tended to January the struggle for su
premacy would finally be between the
nominee of the middle-of-the-road-Demo
crats and Major McKinley. Bryan de
serters are growing in numbers very fast,
and the Populists are making lite a burden
to those who still stick to the young man's
fortunes. It so happens that the really
astute Democratic campaign managers are
against the Chicago nominee, ana there is
a suspicion that Gorman, Hill and Hoke
Sjßiith are playing Bryan to'secure certain
local advantages, and that when the war
is over he will find that they were in his
camp for the opportunity it gave them to
have access to his campaign secrets.
But, anyway, it is very clear that the
people are talcing less interest in tbe sil
ver and more in the tariff question. The
recent talks of Major McKinley to indus
trial operatives and farmers are changing
public sentiment very fast. Major Mc-
Kinley has made it very clear that it is
better to open the shops, mills and fac
tories to labor than the mints to silver,
and the sober second thought, of tbe peo
ple is taking to that idea in a way that
means the silver question is by no means
the paramount issue as they now under
stand the situation.
Mr. Bryan's vehement denunciation of
all who differ from him on economic ques
tions, and his constant appeals to wage
earners and farmers to declare war upon
capital, are setting the people to wonder
ing if he would not be a very unsafe Presi
dent. The suspicion is growing, too, that
Altgeld and Tillman are the power be
hind Bryan, and that if he were elected
he wouid be dominated by them in ail
things. But whether it is that influence
or his own boundless egotism, it is certain
that he grows more sectional and his
abuse of all who have accumulated
wealth grows more bitter every day:
It is claimed by some of Bryan's friends
that he is really a very conservative man,
and that he is trying to array class against
class to catch votes, but a man who would
resort to such a trick and so disturb busi
ness as to inflict a loss of hundreds of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
millions of dollars and create feelings of
hatred between neighbors is not the peo
ple's ideal Presidential candidate. It is very
clear, too, that Chairman Jones of Bryan's
Mational Committee has no influence with
the young man. That is because the
Altgeld-TilJman combine does not pro
pose to let the young man slip so far
away as to endanger its hold upon him
should he be elected.
Altgeld and Tillman are responsible, no
doubt, for Bryan's treatment of Watson,
and the public is beginning to see or to
believe that those worthies are working a
deep scheme which does not mean good to
the country. These things, together with
Major McKmley's talks with the "com
mon people," as Bryan puts it, are chang
ing public opinion very fast in the matter
of the importance of securing protection
for our industries and work for labor first,
and silver coinage afterward; besides,
Bryan talks more about making war upon
capital than he does about the good of the
people, and the people have not been suf
ficiently educated to his theories to accept
them. At the very outset Bryan made the
mistake of trying to array class against
class, and it was a positive blunder to say
he "was going to the enemy's country"
when he started for New York. The peo
ple had enough of sectional hatred years
ago. They want peace and prosperity
now.
BRYAN MAKES THREATS.
It is doubtful if any irresponsible agi
tator of the time has uttered a more vehe
ment or vicious sentiment than did Wil
liam Jennings Bryan in his Albany (N. V.)
speech.
It would seem that he tried to put all
the fury of class hatred in the declara
tion: "We ask no quarter, we give no
quarter. We shall prosecute our warfare
until there is not an American citizen that
dares to advocate a gold-standard policy.
You ask why? We reply that the gold
standard is a conspiracy against the
human race, and that we would no more
join it than we would join an army march
ing to despoil our homes and destroy our
families."
Mr. Bryan says if you ask him why no
one will dare express the belief that the
gold standard is the better monetary sys
tem, "u»e" will tell you that "the gold
standard is a conspiracy against the
human race," and "u'e" will not permit
you to advocate it because you are "an
army marching to despoil our homes and
destroy our families." The man, there
fore, who believes in the gold standard is
a despoiler of homes and a destroyer of
families. Jefferson, Jackson, Benton, Til
den, Seymour and Hendricks were, ac
cording to Bryan, despoilers of homes and
the destroyexs'of families, for they all were
gold-standard Democrats. •
But Mr. Bryans purpose is to in
augurate a class war — that is to say,
to set labor against capital. What tbe
thinking people will conclude to do con
cerning Bryan's effort to kindle flames of
hatred in the minds and hearts of those
who go to hear him speak remains to be
seen, but Bryan himself must know that
the intelligence and patriotism of the
country do not relish that sort of thing.
However, the more Bryan tries to set
brother against brother and neighborhood
against neighborhood the faster will the
eyes of his misguided followers be opened
to see -how dangerous to the peace and
prosperity of the country the man's pur
pose is.
WHEELMEN IN POLITICS.
The Southern Pacific Company, which
ou.'ht to go out of politics itself, has, in
stead of doing so, taken steps to force into
politics other organizations that would
have gladly remained non-partisan had
they been left alone. One of these organi
zations is the California Division of the
League of American Wheelmen. It has
been comDelled to taice the field as a poli
tical force in order to obtain legislative
protection from the arbitrary action of the
company in imposing a charge upon the
transportation of bicycles.
It is difficult to understand why the
managers of the company should have
imposed such a charge when they must be
fully aware of the invariable result of
making such charges in the East. Pos
sibly it is the consciousness of the posses
sion of a virtual monopoly of railroads in
this State That has led the officials of the
corapany to believe they could succeed in
doing in California what could not be done
elsewhere. They have imposed the charge
and tne only recourse left to wheelmen is
to apoly to the Legislature this winter for
the passage of a law similar to that which
prevails in New York and Ohio, requiring
railroads to class bicycles as baggage and
carry them without extra charge.
The justice of tne claim of the wheel
men is beyond question. Passenger
charges are fixed at a rate which defrays
the cost of carrying a certain amount of
baggage as well as the passenger. Every
traveler on the road therefore is eutitled
to have that amount of baggage, though
as a matter of fact in local traffic very lit
tle baggage is carried. The railroad com
pany is thus paid for far more work than
it performs, and it will lose no money by
treating bicycles as baggage and carrying
them without further charge to any pas
senger who may choose to take his bicycle
with him on his outing trip.
The imposition of the charge is the more
unfair inasmuch as the use of bicycles
has largely increased railroad travel.
Thousands of cyclers take a short ride on
tbe train to some locality in the country
before taking to their wheels, and num
bers of others who leave town on their
bikes ride back on the trains. The very
fact that so many bicycles are handed in
at the baggage-cars is a proof of the num
ber of cyclers who patronize the trains.
They would not leave town at ail were it
not for the cycling pleasure trips thai en
tice them to the country. The railroads of
California as well as those of the East
have gained much from bicycles in this
way, and it is to be regretted that any
railroad company should be so short
sighted as to impose an extra charge for
carrying wheels, and particularly so when
ail past experience proves that the only
result of such charges is to force the league
into politics in order to protect their in
terests by legislative enactment.
SHOULD NOT VOTE FOR FREE
SILVER
lowa State Register.
These should not vote for free silver coin
age, 1G to 1 :
I— Those who work for wages or salaries.
2 — Those who live on invested funds.
3— Those who carry life insurance.
4— Those who carry fire or other insurance.
s— Those who hold loan and building stock.
6— Those who are insured in fraternal socie
ties.
7 — Those who are paid pensions.
B— Those who have saved up for a rainy day.
9— Those who desire to labor and save.
10— Those who want a 100-cent dollar for
their labor or for the products of labor.
11— Those who want to do to others as they
would that others should do to them.
12— Those who believe in maintaining the
money and the credit of the Nation.
13— 'Those who believe that the United States
should remain one of the great commercial Na
tions of the world.
Vice - President Btevenson does not like
bloomers. He says he is willing to be behind
the times in this matter and prefers skirts.
MUSIC AND MUSICIANS.
All the great musical papers in Europe are
celebrating the Bayreuth fetes with extra num
bers, containing portraits, illustrations, etc.
"Siegfried Wagner," writes his master Humper
dinck, "has become a conductor beyond all
expectations; he made the best impression oi
them all, and Richter, Mottl and Xevy con
sider him as exceptionally gifted and more
fitted than any one else to maintain the pater
nal glory." It is reported that- the Emperor
William will assist at the last series. In spite
of the great success of these representations
it is said that there will be a deficit oi
100,000 marks. The technical requisites
absolved alone 40,000 marks. The sale
of single seats represents 24,000 marks,
and the -whole receipts amounted to
480,000 marks. The performances did
not pass off entirely without acci
dents; at the performance of the "Dusk of the
Gods" the machinist in charge of the thunder
and Ugh tning was severely burned in the face
SIEGFRIED WAGNER, WHO NOW SHINES FORTH AS A CONDUCTOR.
and hands, and the tenor, Gruning, in the role
of Siegfried, wounded the vs achinist hidden
inside the body of the dragon Fafner. They
are already speaking of next year's perform
ances. The immense cost caused by the re
newing of all the decorative and technical
material once incurred, a repetition of the
"Nibeiungen" alone could succeed in making
up for the deficiency of this year. The admin
istration is thinking of repeating the "Tetra
logie" in 1897, and adding a series of repre
sentations of "Parsifal."
Delia Rofeers Is the only American singer,
Indeed, the only person not French in a troupe
of sixty, which the youug Prince of Ghica of
Roumania has selected in France to play the
coming season in the new theater at Jassy. A
competent corps de ballet Is included. Among
the singers are women who have made suc
cesses in Paris and various French and Italian
cities, but Misi Rogers is to be prima donna
assoluta. The opening is to be made in
"Faust." Miss Rogers makes her debut the
third night in "Samson and Delila." She is to
sing In eight different roles. Her costumes, all
new, are of the most luxurious description;
the jewels, crowns, bracelets, etc., made to
order, cost alone over 1500 francs. The cos
tumes will cost over 6000 francs. The prince
is a young, dark, fascinating man, but
serious; a musician, but not an executant,
who talks wisely and well of his venture,
which is largely "pour s'amuser." The the
ater is scarcely finished. The best is hoped for
the project and for all parties concerned. Miss
Rogers and her mother leave Paris for Jassy
to-day, August 27.
There Is no race, however uncivilized, that
is without its music, and it is through music
the savage finds his best expression of varied
passions. We even read, and know of, in
stances where music hns had the power of
charming and subduing wild beasts and
venomous reptiles. It is a significant fact
that after the close of the great Civil War,
when our Nation was torn asunder in memor
able strife, the Grand National Peace Jubilee,
held in Boston in June, 1869, assumed the
form of a musical festival. A chorus of over
10,000 voices and the harmony of more than
1000 instruments rolled forth' their sea of
sound, accompanied by the chiming of bells
and the boomlngof cannon, pouringout praise
and emulation at the restoration of peace
in the land, in loud hosannas, with all tne
grandeur and majesty of which music is capa
ble.
Amy Fay says: "To visit New York In sum
mer one would think it was the home of bad
music. An occasional hand organ played for
ten minutes used to be rather a pleasant thing;
but when one is daily besieged by four or five
mechanical pianos which are much louder in
tone and which play until they force one to
pay them to leave, it becomes a serious matter.
We don't mind one black, cat on our doorstep,
but when it becomes 'a million black cats,' as
the boy said, may heaven defend usl It is said
that in London one can never get out of the
sound of the hand organ."
Several of the French journals have »n
--nouuced the engagement, at Scala, of the sister
of Otero. This would be nothing wonderful;
the only surprising part of it is that the beau
tiful Otero, unfortunately, has no sister.
A competition, open to all the wsrld, is being
organized at Barcelona, according to these
conditions: There will De four prizes. The
first, 500 francs for a cantata for four soloists,
chorus and orchestra, upon any text chosen
by the candidate; second, prize of 400 francs
for an orchestral suite in four movements in a
popular style, and reflecting the nationality
of the author; third, a prize of 300 francs for
a mass to St. Cecile, for four solos, choir and
quintet of stringed instruments," organ and
timbrels; fourth, a prize cf 200 francs fora
series ol six melodies for singing, with piano
accompaniment. Besides these prizes the title
of. member of honor of the society will be be
stowed on the four winners. The competitors
must 6end in their work before the 15th of
October next, addressed to the local Artistic
Musical Circle, Place Saint-Jus te 4, Barcelona,
Spain.
The announcement is just made that Miss
Ida Diserens of this City has won a large pre
mium offered by a publishing firm of Phila
delphia for the cleverest essay on "The Best
Method of Teaching Music to Children."
Miss Diserens' many friends will hear of her
success with great satisfaction. She is a gentle,
retiring young girl, who, however, is ever
ready to devote her talents and energies to
helping any charitable cause. The success of
her prodigy concert last winter is still remem
bered.
The different corporations of church arlis ts
of Paris, whether chapel-masters, organists,
singers, etc., have been holding reunions dur
ing the past month with the view of forming a
professional association.
At Carlsruhe the Conservatory of Music,
placed under the patronage of the Grand
Duchess Louise de Bale, will commence a new
school year on the- 15th of September. It is
Interesting to know that at this institution
the teaching is in four languages— French,
German, Italian and English.
Mile. Guiraudon has gained the first prize at
the Paris Conservatory both for grand opera
and opera comique. Both the opera-houses
are anxious to secure her services for the part
of Zerhna in "Don Juan," \vhich is being per
formed simultaneously at both houses. It is
thought that she will decide in favor of the
Grand Opera-house.
At Budapest a duel has Just taken place
with sabers between M. Le Baron de Nopesa,
superintendent of the royal theaters, and M.
Dlosy, musical critic cf the Neves Pester Jour
nal. The Baron d,e Nopesa received several
wounds in the neck, and throat, but none of
them were serious. The duel was Caused by a
discussion about M. Mahler, formerly director
of the Royal Opera and now conductor of the
orchestra at the opera-house at Hamburg.
A sensational performance at the Chatelet,
Paris, will be the reproduction of the "Biche
au Bois," in which a ballet wiil be presented
by means of the cenematograpue. Upon the
cloth all the rhythmic and regular movements
of the dancers will be seen accompanied by the
orchestra.
PERSONAL
Thomas B. Price of Boston is at the Palace.
Judge Windom Kemp of El Paso is in town.
Dr. F. B. Sutliff of Sacramento is visiting the
City.
Ex-Governor Sheldon of Pasadena is at the
Grand.
James Enright, a lumber-dealer of Redding,
is here.
Dr. H. O. Sta'.ler of Kalamazoo, Mich., is in
the City.
Dr. C. E. Tumeo of Rio Vista rsrrived here
yesterday.
W. W. Scarlet, a rancher of Suisun, Is at the
Cosmopolitan.
F. B. Harris, a merchant of Fresno, is at the
Cosmopolitan.
L. A. Richards, a livestock grower of Gray
son, is at the Lick.
W. K. Chester of the United States steamer
Alert is at the Lick.
State Senator William Johnson of Portland,
Or., is at the Grand.
C. F. Burns, the hotel proprietor of Caza
dero, is at the Grard.
F. F. Parker, owner of Elk Park, Kapa
County, Is in the City.
Howard Paschal, a mining man of Butte,
Mont., is at the Palace.
Charles M. Cassin, an attorney of Santa
Cruz, is on a visit here.
G. A. Smith, owner of a large ranch near
Courtland, is at the Grand.
George D. Jones, a business man of Silver
City, arrived here yesterday.
A. Neiison, an iron works owner of Sacra
mento, is here on a business trip.
William W. Adams and H. A. Keller, wealthy
residents of Montana, are in town.
F. D. Cott, a resident of Stockton, is at the
Baldwin. He is accompanied by his wife.
W. Huntington, a prominent business man
of Charleston, 111., is at the Cosmopolitan.
Wilmot Grant Pierce of Bt. Paul is among
those who yesterday registered at the Occi
dental.
Lieutenant W. H. Hart of the United States
army is at the Occidental. He arrived yes
terday.
J. D. Hardin, a business man of Chariton,
lowa, was among those who arrived here last
evening.
K. C. Miner, an attorney of Stockton, was
among the arrivals here yesterday. He is at
the Lick.
W. A. Cullodin, a mining and bustneis man
of Guaymas, Mexico, is among those at the
Baldwin.
J. H. J. Van Warden of Laramie, Wyo., an
old friend oi the late William Edgar Nye, is on
a visit here.
Mrs. Irwin C. Stump of New York arrived
here last night on a visit to her friends and is
at the Palace.
E. Cumenge of Paris is among the arrivals at
the Palace. Mr. Cumenge is interested in gold
mines in Trinity County.
Ex-Judge Fitzgerald, an extensive merchant
of Solomonville, Arizona, is at the Palace, ac
companied by several friends.
Samuel Harris, a wealthy business man who
for some years has been in Tahiti, is in the
City. He is interested in the pearl fisheries
an 1 ! in other enterprises.
D. J. Chadwick, formerly United States Treas
ury agent in this State in the interests of
various lands, and who then resided at Los
Angeles, has been appointed to an important
position at Washington, D. C. For some time
until lately he has been chairman of tbe Utah
Young Men's League of Republican Clubs and
lived at Salt Lake.
Hamlin Smith, formerly chief of the Cocopah
I.idians who roamed at the head of the Gulf of
Caii i or nia, and who is renowned as one of the
most expert hunters and trappers on the
Pacific Coast side of the continent, is among
the late arrivals here. He has been for some
time in Lower California, where ha hunted
the rare birds like the egret, black crane and
heron for their feathers. He brought with
him quite a large quantity of these feathers,
and for them he has received a handsome sum.
The noted hunter has long been known as
"Cocopah" Smith, from his extended resi
dence among the Cocopahs.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, H. V., Aug. 26— At the Bt.
Cloud, J. C. Green; Astor, L. D. Jacks, Albert
H. McDonahl and wife.
LAW. AND LORGNETTES IN ENG
LAND.
London Law Journal.
The decision of the Lord Chief Justice not to
permit the presence of ladies on the bench at
the Jameson trial will be well received by all
who wish to see the dignity of the courts up
held. The appearance of the courts during
more than one cause celebre has been sugges
tive of a society function rather than of a trial
fraught with very serious consequence to the
parties. Law and lorgnettes do not go well to
gether on the bench. There is no reason why
ladies who desire to attend the hearing of an
interesting case should not have their wishes
gratified And be able to attend the court in the
proper place. This view waa adopted by the
authorities when iheyset aside in each court
a certain amount of accommodation apart
from that at the disposal of the general pub
lic.
IN POLLY'S EYES.
Let poets sin;? or beauty , fame,
In rounded rhpme or ston- ;
Let soldiers boasi of war's fierce game,
Of martial deeds and glory;
For me life has no greater prize
Than gazing into Polly's eyes.
Let scholars waste their cheerless lives
With books so old and dreary :
The waa who but for knowledge strives
Of livintc soon grow.i weary;
And what's the nse of growing wise
When I gaze into Folly's eyes?
So let the old world go its way,
A fix for fame or glory. ,
I live but for thai happy day
When finish ed is "our story"
And I can read with glad surprise
The "Yes" that lurks In Polly's eyej.
—New York Truth.
HUMOR OF THE LAY.
Chappy— Ma told me to call here and ask
you if you couldn't give me something for my
head.
Dr. Blunt— You run bom%and tell your ma I
wouldn't take it as a gift.— Harper's Bazar.
The king of Aragon once said: "There are
four things In the world worth living for— old
wine to drink, old wood to burn, old books to
read and old friends to converse with."
The King was satisfied with, any old thing.—
Washington Times.
He— As near as I can get at it, the general
idea of heaven seems to be a place where it is
always summer.
She— Yes; and the proportion of men to
women will be about as it is at most of the
summer resorts. Am I right?— lndianapolis
Journal.
Conductor— Your ticket, please.
Passenger— l'm traveling on my face.
Conductor— All right; I'll punch that— Town
Topics.
"Young Jones is a pretty bright fellow."
••Didn't he deliver the valedictory at his
college commencement a conple of weeks
ago?"
"Yes; and hVs begun to revise his opinions
already. "—Puck.
Ardent lover— lf you could see my heart,
Belinda, you would know how fondly —
Up-to-date girl (producing Ron tgen camera)—
I intend to see it, George. Sit j> till, please.—
Collier's Weekly.
Parson Jones (returning; from church, to
small boy with pole)— Do you know where
little boys go who go fishing on the Sabbath?
Small boy (with pride)— You just bet I do,
and I ain't a-goin' to give the snap away,
either.— Texas Sifter.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Dean Farrar of Canterbury has imposed a fee
of 3 pence on all persons who visit the tomb of
St. Thomas a Becket. ■ .
The Rev. A. Holden fiyles, one of the English
leaders in the Pleasant Sunday Afternoon
movement, has been visiting friends in this
country.
A war correspondent returned to Cape
Town from '■. Matabeleland reports that Cecil
Rhodes displayed bravery verging on rashness
in the fights with the Matabeles.
The vestry of Hawarder have accepted an
offer by the family of Mr. and Mrs. Gladstone
to put a stained-glass window in the parish
church in honor of their father and mother.
The Archbishop of Canterbury will visit
Ireland next month and preach in some of the
churches. No Archbishop of Canterbury has
preached in any Irish church within living
memory.
John Burns, M. P., was unintentionally the
cause of much merriment in the House of
Commons a few days ago when he said, "Since
I came in the House, four years ago. the confi
dence of the public in it has much dimin
ished."
George H. Millar, the assistant architect ef
tbe Capitoi, who has just died, had held that
office since 1852. He built the great white
dome that surmounts the Capitol and in doing
so took a deep personal interest and continu
ous ris_ in the work.
Dr. Alice Bennett, who has just resigned the
office of superintendent of the woman's de
partment of the Pennsylvania State Hospital
for the Insane, after holding it for sixteen
years, was the first woman ever anpointed to
the independent charge of a woman's hospital.
FOR THE LITTLE TOTS.
A dainty little gown for Infants is shown
here. The waist is cut with a round yoke,
which is of tucked nainsook, with insertions
oi Valenciennes lace. Tbe epaulette ruffles of
embroidery are on the edges of this yoke. The
waist is gathered back and front, and is sewn
to a band from which the skirt also hangs.
The full bishop sleeves are after the latest
models.
For state occasions little Cresses of white
Japanese silk, with ruffles of the same, having
insertions of Valenciennes lace let in.
STORY OF THE GOLDEN GATE.
Stockton Independent.
Joaquin Miller had an interesting contribu
tion in last Sunday's Call on "The Story and
the Glory of the Golden Gate." The object of
the article is to prove thai General Fremont
gave the title of Golden Gate to the entrance
to San Francisco Bay long before the advent of
the Argonauts. The Poet of the Sierras suc
ceeds in this quite conclusively, resurrecting a
map which had beeu made by Fremont previ
ou sto 1848, in which year it was printed.
The old poet follows General Fremont ud the
Contra Costa hills to the point whence the in
trepid explorer contemplated the beautiful
Golden Gate, where he gave it its name and
from which point of view he subsequently had
Bierstaat paint his famous picture of the mag
nificent gateway to the State's metropolis. Mr
Miller has rendered history a timely service in
publishing the interesting facts in connection
with the name oi the Golden Gate. Through
all the narrative crops out the poetic nature
of the writer,. Standing on the spot whence
Fremont drank in the inspiriug view Mr.
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. S. Gov't Report f~ ;
Dr&fet I Baking
iBIH^- .^^sT '••^W'h wEmbhbT i'.^^^Sm * '$' w^Bm '■" L^Q "* aBPS tSm ; VXa R^9& PJ E* o99^Sr
' MwrnWrrFltttow)^^ MIW ' ' ■■ tKjjjJm ■ ' [ml , . - ■ Msr^Mrftii^B W Ea sun jEH
H % " xSr ~ : * ! ''^^s^S^^P^lHs^Js^*» - bkV ' affst tC^SCPfc
E^L*^S2!i Powder
ABSOLUTELY PURE
Miller draws the following graphic picture of
the scene:
"It is noticeable that at each equinox the
sun, from this (Fremont's) point of view, falls
down exactly into the Golden Gate, and it is
always at such times incredibly vast, blocking
for a few moments the whole gate with iw
disk of gold. I once saw a black cloud— black
as midnight and as boundless— hang above
this ball of gold as it rolled down Into tha
golden chasm of the Golden Gate. But the
sun. did not heed the cloud.
The cloud was only blacker from the bright
ness of the golden globe and the gate and the
walls of the gate and the bay and the city and
all the cities up and down, and thelslands and
the ships and indeed al! the world, the heavens
and the earth, all things save that awful night
mare of black cloud abo,ye the golden sun,
were for a moment nothing but molten gold.
Then the sun sank, sank suddenly into the
sea, as if it had, indeed, been a mighty ball of
gold and the blackness fell down as suddenly
in his place, and blackness was only black
ness, as if God himself had closed the gate with
a bang, and forever."
THE DIFFERENCE.
Riverside Press.
The Call notices that whil* Republican
leaders are organizing the business men of tha
country to promote prosperity Democratic
leaders are revising Bryan's next speech and
trying to make it sound pretty.
WHY IT IS PREFERRED.
Santa Barbara Equity.
One reason why we prefer The Call to other
San Francisco papers is that it uses the United
Press dispatches instead of those of the noto
riously unreliable Associated Press.
THE GOOD WORK.
Woodland Mall.
The Call still keeps up the good work of ex
posing lottery frauds. In it* Sunday issue it
showed up a little more of the modus operandi
of these rotten institutions.
OPINIONS OF COAST EDITORS.
The New Term. '
National City Record.
The old dictum, "In union there is strength,"
has been changed into "In fusion there is
spoil." •
Explanation Called For.
. .... Santa Barbara Press.
. When a man says, "I am a Democrat," he is
now obliged to go still further and explain to
what particular species he belongs.
- . Ignores- Bit Popnlistio Brother.
Woodland Mall.
How cruel it was of Bryan not to mention
Tom Watson in • his New York speech. It la
about time the Populists were reading between
the lines. . -.. - .-- ■■ :"- ■, ; ;;.,? ,. .
Has So Soon Forgotten.
Boston Herald. i :
; ■' Mr. Bryan's allusion to the hirelings of the
press is a reminder of the fact that he was one
of these hirelings himself once, though he
seems to have forgotten ail about it.
Three la a Crowd.
: San Jaclnto Record. • . .
Whenever. Mr. Bryan thinks of Mr. Sewell,
the plutocrat, and Mr. Watson, the Populist,
each demanding his undivided attention, he
appreciates the force of the saying, "Twos
company; three's a crowd."
: ■ "' Need a Usury Law, - i
Fresno .Republican."
J We need a usury ' law. in California, and we
need it badly. We need it to protect life's un
fortunates from those who feed and fatten on
them. ■ Such a law should be passed by the
next Legislature. Whetner it will be, is an
other question. .-:•• . ■.-.-■•■ ■'■-..:• -
" -'- '_ ";■■ In a Nutshell. _/
New York Press. "
; Prosperity, will come only with Increased
business. Increased business will come only
with increased revenue. •' Increased : revenue
will come only with protection. Protection
will come only with Republicanism. Repub
licanism will come only with McKinley. .
The Day for Hi* Class Ended.
,. . Stockton Independent.
: Dave ■, I» c agio, the slayer of Judge . Terry,
must begin to realize that the day for his class
has ended on the Pacific Coast. It must be *
great shock to Keagle and his kind that the in
fluence of I those whom they have served is no
longer potent for their protection. \7 /fSn. il "
.. ■ . "What California Needs. ' >
Stockton Independent. .. :
/ California needs protection for its figs,
prunes, citrus fruits, raisins, olives, olive oil.
its sugar, wool, ■ meat and honey. To get
this protection Californians must elect Re
publican-Congressmen, who, while laboring
for protection to Calif ornians, will aid others
in getting tike protection to their industries.
A Boomerang . Argument.
Tulare Register.
The strong point urged by certain orators and
newspapers in favor of the free coinage of un
limited silver is that it will increase prices.
Yet they denounce the tariff as an Iniquity be
cause, as they allege, it increases prices and
they "cannot stand the tax." If they cannot
stand high prices in one case how can they In
the other? _________
The Nickel-ln-the-Slot Robbery.
• Fresno Republican.
The nickel-in-the-slot machine, as It
is operated r in saloons, in cigar-stores
and by the Southern Pacific Railway
Company,' is not an unmixed blessing.
Even where the game is "square* It is
a constant incentive to the waste of money in
driblets, and where it is "crooked," as it fre
quently is, it is merely I a species i of safe rob
bery. Thus far the inventor of the nickel-ln
the-siot machine has not proved to be a public
benefactor. .■■•■■•••:■■••■ -■- -- - ■.---. ■'
"' Caltfobxta. glace fruits, 50c In. Townsen6?s. a
■ . ; -_■ — : — » — •— — ■ - ■>"■ •■ ■■■'
If you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Pac Carriage Co,*
• ♦ •
" Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
'. .-■-.''■ ■-■-.'•• » m » ''-" •■- ' ■•
Profitable and Appreciated Freedom.
Oakland Tribune.
Tha latest railroad innovation has occurred
in Minnesota. Over a year ago the Minneapo
lis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie road tried
the plan of allowing each locomotive engineer
to hire his own firemen. The vlan has
worked so well that the managers of
the road now propose to let each conductor
hire his own brakeman. Other roads, includ
ing some of the most important in the country,
have been watching the plan with great
interest and its general adoption Is under
discussion. _^_^______ - ___ -
Cheap Excursion to St. Pant.
° The Shasta route and the Northern Pacific fUn
road has been selected as ' the official rout* to it
tend the National Encampment of the O. A- B. «
St. Paul, to be held there September 2to 5. Thj
excursion will leave San Francisco and B»or.v
mento August 26 at ,7 -p. v. Kates $67 90 for th>
round trip., The above rate Is open to all who wis'a
to make - the trip ■ East.'.. Bend your name and ad
dress to T. K. Stateler, general. agent, 633 Market
treet, aan l'ranclsco. for sleeping-car reservation*
'
.
'• ."":' i\ #■—• '..." ■' ; '.
. Grand Army of the Republic
The Atlantic and. Pacific Railroad, ,Santa Fe
route, will make for ; the encampment at St. Paul
a one-way rate for the round trip. Tickets on sale
AugustV 25 V and 26. Ticket office, 644 Market
street,' Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1531.
* :-■ ■:.-;'.-'s; -':.:>. —~-..v ■ ■
.' The most efficacious ' stimulant: to - excite' the
appetite \ are Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitters. Be
ware of counteris. .;■ ■■ . : ' v.. \
■-^.:■-.■ .■:,.. . ■ ♦ —• ; ;, /,■: • ... ■
Yodb cough was occasioned by careless expos
ure to draft. Cure it at once with Ayer't Cherry
Pectoral. j : <■/■"•' .*' - .•' '
• ♦ —•
I No Contest Among Native Daughters.
Sausalito News.
The oldest "native son" died in San Diego
on last Sunday night. Already contention has
arisen as to the claim of the deceased having
been the oldest "boy" In the Bt*te. We ob
serve that there Is no contention as to who is
the oldest "girl" in the State.tSfit dfkU
THUR5DAY. ..................... AUGUST 26, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Bxr-Dwrs Thkatkb— "The Gay Parisians"
rox-ncxiA. Thkatkb— "The Social Trust."
Wonosco's offha-Hocsk— "A Nutmeg M*tcta."
'I'ivoi.t rr-FT-.-r'or'**.— ■•Cavalleriaßusticana"
&nd -'Romeo and Juliet"
Ohphkum— Hiph-ciass Vaudeville.
m-tko Baths— Bathing and performances.
shoot the Chutks— Dally at Ualgnt street,
one block east of the Park.
Circus— At Central Park, commencing Septem-
ber a.
Mechanics' Institute Pavihon- Twenty-
ninth Industrial Exposition, September 1 to Octo-
ber 3.
California Btate Fair —At Sacramento,
September I to September 19.
AUCTION bALES.
By Blanchabd Bros. A Lank— This day
(Thursday), Horses, Wagons, Bicycles, etc., at 213
Market street, at 10 o'clock.
By Frank W. BvtTKurivLO — This day
(Thursday), Groceries, at 1136 Folsom St., at 11
o'clock.
By 8. BASCH-This day (Thursday), Furniture,
ai McAllister street, near Leavenworth, at 11
o'clock.
By H. J. Lkutholtz— Friday, August 28,
Furniture, etc, at 10S7 Market St., at 11 o'clock.
By I* H. BtJßD— Friday, August 28. Furni-
ture, at Post St., near Webster, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Woman Suffrage Bureau has issued a
catchy song leaflet.
The Painters' Union will hold a mass-meet
ing on Saturday evening.
The Election Commissioners decided to allow
registered paupers to vote.
J. J. O'Farrell has retired from the real es
tate company bearing his name.
A number of new inducements are offered to
exhibitors for this year's horse show.
The California Jockey Club has announced
its stakes for the coming racing season.
A movement is on foot for the organization
of a German- American Republican Club.
William Bostwick Curtis resigned yesterday
as traffic manager of the Traffic Association.
The funeral of Charles McCallum, late first
officer of the steamer Gipsy, was held yester
day.
Union granite-cutters will oeeinon the stone
work on the Golden Gate Park driveway next
Monday.
Joseph C. Campbell will address the Pnoenix
Clud at Scottisn Hall, Larkin street, this
evening.
Several gentlemen of Stockton are in this
City in the interests of the coming carnival of
Stockton.
Colonel William S. Oliver, a distinguished
Union soldier of the late civil war, died at En
senada August 14.
The United States and local meat inspectors
came to an agreement yesterday and will work
in harmony hereafter.
Italian Democrats are beginning to lose hope
that Bryan will deny that he hates and de
spises their nationality.
Fair Thursday; slightly cooler Thursday
nieht; fog in the morning — Local Forecast
Official W. H. Hammon.
The Government has temporarily rested its
case against Dick Williams and now the de
fense will have an inning.
Joe Cnoynski was examined by Dr. Barrett
yesterday, who pronounced the fighter to be
physically in fine condition.
The Board of Education decided last evening
that in tuture the painting of school buildings
must be done by union labor.
Abram Block and Marion Leventritt yester
day petitioned the court to be relieved as trus
tees under the will of Samuel Steiner.
Articles incorporting the Pacific Coast Gas,
L ght and Fuel Company and the Yellew Metal
Mining Company were filed yesterday.
William Costley, the Socialist, was yesterday
sentenced to pay a fine of $5 by Justice of the
Peace Carroll, and his attorney gave notice of
appeal.
At the meeting of the Young Men's Republi
can League last night President Frank K.
Spencer delivered an earnest address on the
silver question.
The Woman's Relief Corps of General 9. G.
Meade Post No. 61, G. A. R., *aye a delightful
patriotic entertainment and dance in Odd Fel
lows' Hall last nlgut.
September 9 will be babies' day at the Me
chanics' Fair, and special prizes will be given
for the prettieet, fattest and best-natured in
fants put on exhibition.
The will of August Helbing was filed yester
day. As it left all the estate »o his wife and
«lii" had died first, his son David petitioned for
letters of administration.
Petitions in insolvency were filed yesterday
by Charles H. Bane, liabilities $1101 60. and
Alexander H. Bailey Jr.. liabilities $6186 44,
in the County Clerk's office.
The Wheelmen's Municipal League met last
night in the rooms of the San Francisco Road
Club and discussed plans for its non-partisan
political reform work in this City.
The demurrer to the indictment in the case
of the seven Supervisors was argued yesterday
before Judge Seawell, who said he would en
deavor to render a speedy decision.
The Liquor-dealers' and Barkeepers' Pro
tective Association, at a meeting held last
evening, passed resolutions in opposition to
the movement against the free lunch.
The officers of the Grand Parlor of Native
Daughters of the Golden West will be the
guests of the Stockton parlor during the cele
bration of Admission day at Stockton.
The will of Aron Gartenberg was filed yes
terday. He was 69 years of age when he drew
the document and in it provided that $2000
should go to his second wife should she prove
true to him.
Louis Best, a machinist, Irving at 330 Ritrh
street, died at the Receiving Hospital last
night from a Iractured skull, caused by being
knocked down by three young men on Tues
day afternoon.
Emma McMullen began suit for divorce yes
terday from her husband, W. H. McMullen, al
leging desertion. The wife is the daughter of
Mrs. Masten, a wealthy resident of Dixon,
Solano County. .
Ex-Judge J. F. Bullivan and Mrs. Sarah B.
Johnson, who conducts the Colonial House,
contributed some valuable testimony in the
shape of depositions yesterday to the Fair-
Craven litigation.
At a meeting of the Letter-carriers' Associa
tion last night it was hoped that the delegates
to the National convention at Grand Rapids
would succeed in getting the next convention
to meet in this City.
It is understood that under the plan of fusion
with the Populists, Monteith, McGlashan, Rog
ers, Maguire and Barlow will be turned down
and the Democrats will take six of the Heven
Congressional Districts.
Mrs. Barbara Bossert, a widow living at 108
Langton street, got married to Jacob Schmidt
after a few hours' courtship, and yesterday
she swore to a complaint charging him with
embezzling $1240 from her.
Suit was begun by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society to foreclose a mortgage on prop
erty owned by William H. Howard on a mort
gage for $150,000, on property on Clay, Mont
gomery, Second and Natoma streets.
Mrs. Rafael de la Silva, wife of a wealthy
Mexican of La Paz, reported to the police yes
terday that some one had stolen $2,700 worth
of diamonds from her room. The jewels were
taken from a bag containing $10,000 worth.
Richard Sherlock, nurse at the City and
County Hospital, was formally charged yester
day by a Coroner's jury with criminal negli
gence in the matter of the deaths of Netcner
and Murphy, which occurred a few days ago.
The second annual report of the executors
of the estate of John S. Doe was filed yester
<lay, showing receipts for the year of
$78,562 29 and expenditures $86,833 88, of
which $49,000 was paid to Mrs. Doe and her
daughter.
The Secretary of State has informed Miss
B. Anthony that the constitutional
amendments to be voted on at the coming
elections will be so clearly noted upon the
ballots as to preclude all possibility of mis
takes by voters.
One of the biggest rafts that has ever reached
San Francisco was towed in by the Mineola
yesterday. It is 628 feet long, 52 feet wide and
31 feet thick. It was put together on the Co
lumbia River and the Southern Pacific saved
.*ll,ooo on the venture.
The mother of Miss Maud Smith corrobor
ated her statement in the case against Leroy
Ilarvey yesterday for the embezzlement of
seventy-five shares of stocK of the Oakland
Gas, Light and Heat Company. Officers of the
company will testify to-day.
The boarding-house masters are at war again.
Men are plentiful and cut rates rule. Four of
the men who have secured the shipping of
men on various vessels of late have been made
to suffer. The falls of their boats and the sails
have been cut and ruined and other damage
done.
John J. O'Farrell yesterday filed in the Su
perior Court a conveyance to F. S. Wensinger,
tor value received, everything due him as
legatee under the will of Julia Morrison, the
same being the remaining one-half oi the
leeacy left him. He also assigns his commis
sions as executor.
A LUMBER RAFT
FROM ASTORIA,
Towed to San Francisco by
the Steam Collier
Mineola.
THE VENTURE A SUCCESS
Thousands of Dollars Saved by
Floating the Timber to
This Port
BOARDING-MASTERS AT WAR.
Sailors More Than Plentiful and
Wages Being Cut in All
Directions.
Many attempts have been made to tow
rafts of lumber to San Francisco, but very
lew have been successful. During the last
year over half a dozen have been built,
but all, save two, have got away from the
steamers that bad them in tow and went
to pieces on the rock-bound coast of Men
doeino.
One of the twain got in yesterday, and
created a great deal of excitement on the
water front. It is 528 feet long, 51 feet
wide and 31 feet deep. It contains 450,000
feet of lumber, and draws 21 leet of
water, while the freeboard is 10 feet. On
this occasion the Southern Pacific plays in
luck, as the piles are to be used on its Oak
land water-front lots. On two previous
occasions the railroad company's rafts
have gone to pieces, and the ventures
proved to be a total loss.
The Mineola was five and three-quarter
days towing the raft from the Columbia
River. It was built at Stella, on the Wash
ington side of the river, and was towed to
the bar by one of the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company's boats. In order to
cross the bar extra power was required, so
the Spreckels' rug Relief was called into
service, and she towed the raft over the
obstruction and out to sea, where the
Mineola picked it up.
The report of Captain Pillsbury of the
Mineola is as follows:
On Thursday, August 20, at 6p. M., took raft
in tow off Columbia River lightship and pro
ceeded toward San Francisco with fair weather
and moderate variable winds, a heavy
The Steam Collier Mineola Brought in a Raft of Logs 528 Feet Long Yesterday. It Came From the Columbia River and Is Consigned
to the Southern Pacific The Piles "Will Be Used on the Company's Oakland Water Front. It "Was Towed Into Oakland Creek*
westerly swell breaking on the bar. At 9p. m.
Tillamook light was abeam a distance of
eleven miles.
Friday, August 21, a. m.— Hazy weather, I
with moderate easterly breeze. At 3:15 a.m. ]
Cape Mears was abeam; distance twelve and i
a hall miles. Noon : North latitude 44 56 ; !
west longitude 124 22. Distance made from
the Columbia River lightship, seventy-five
miles, p. m. : Fair weather, with fresh north
westerly breeze and considerable northwest
swell. 9:45 p.m.: Hecita Head light abeam a
distance of fifteen miles.
Saturday, August 22, morning, moderate
and northwest breeze and sea, with thick fog.
Noon, north latitude 43 10, west longitude,
124 40, distance 106 miles. Afternoon foggy,
raft invisible most of the time, variable winds
and smooth sea. 4:30 p. M., Cape Blanco
abeam eight miles, not visible.
Sunday, August 23, morning, foggy weather,
with intervals of clearing, fresh southerly
breeze and smooth sea. Noon, north latitude
41 32, longitude 124 35, distance 99 miles.
Afternoon, overcast and fog squalls, light va
riable winds and smooth sea. Sighted several
vessels.
Monday, August 24, morning, fog squalls
overcast, light variable winds and smooth sea.
3:45 a. m., Cape Mendoeino abeam about eitjht ,
miles, not visible. Noon, north latitude 39 54, j
longitude 124 21 west, distance made 100 j
miles.
Tuesday, August 25, morning, overcast, fresh
northwest breeze and moderate northwest sea;
2 a. m., Point Arena abeam about lour i.iiles. i
Noon, latitude 38 16 north, longitude 123 24 j
west; distance 109 miles. Aiternoon, hazy |
weather, fresh northwest breeze and following
sea; 4 :40 p. m., Point Reyes abeam three miles;
6 P. m. to 7:25 P. M., shortening hawser and
proceeded at hall speed; 10:30 p. M., pilot
aboard; 11:52, arrived at bar whistling buoy ;
stood off shore to mvait daylight.
Wednesday, August 26, morning, hazy i
weather, fresh northwest breeze and consider- j
oble westerly swell; laying off and on waiting
for tide and daylight; 6:02 a. m., bar whistling j
buoy abeam, proceeded toward port.
Off Meiggs wharf the tugs Rescue and
Sea Queen showed up and Captain Pills
bury at once beizan castine off his lines.
When abreast of Goat Island the Rescue
and Queen were joined by the Sea King
and Redmond and all four took com
mand. Before the towboats could secure
control the big raft had drifted danger- |
ously near to Long Wharf, Oakland.
Finally the Sea King and Rescue went j
ahead and the Sea Queen and Redmond
made fast astern. The latter boats steered I
the unwieldy mass and altogether they
finally landed it in Oakland Creek. There
it will be broken up and used just as de
sired. By safely landing the raft in San
Francisco bay the railroad company is
just $11, (XK3 ahead of the game.
Captain Luttrell of the schooner Vine,
noTr at Acajutia, is in a peculiar predica- I
merit. His chronometer has broken down
and he is afraid to go to sea in consequence.
Yesterday he cabled to his owners, and
they attempted to get a loan from the
Mail Company's City of Para or Newport,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
now on their way here from Panama.
Manager Schwerin explained that the
steamers only carried two chronometers
each, and that one could not be spared.
Captain Luttrell will, inconsequence, have
to go to San Jose de Guatemala in order
to get his clock fixed.
There were lively times around Lom
bard-street wharf yesterday. The steamer
Ukiah cf the San Francisco and North
Pacific Railroad Company brought down
over 20CO ho.-s from Mendoeino and Marin
counties, and they were all landed on East
street about noon time. From that up to
4 p. m., there was a continual procession of
pigs along East and across Maiket to the
abattoirs. Every time a drove came along
the cars were stopped, and more oaths'
were uttered in live minutes than would
patch Kearny street. Out ot the entire
consignment only five died on tne way.
The United Sta"tes ship Alert came down
from Mare Island yesterday. She will re
main here for some time, as her crew has
to be recruited. Sailors are plentiful, but
they don't seem to appreciate service in
the navy. v
The Dutch ship Adnana, which sailed
from Santa Rosalia for Falmouth. Eng.,
some months ago, has put into Rio de
Janeiro in distress. Many of her sails
were blown out of the boltropes, her
main topgallant mast and jibboom were
carried away and her deck beams were
broken. The vessel was caught in a hurri
cane and came near foundering.
Trouble is brewincr on the wator front
among the boaiding-masters. Some of
the "runners" have more business than
the others and jealousy is rife. Last Tues
day night the'boats of Thomas Murray,
J. MeMahon, W. McCarthy and W.
Thompson were wrecked. The falls and
sails were cut to pieces and the oars and
boats were so damaged that it will be a
week before the owners can use them
again. Tne men named were known as
the "cut-rate boarding-masters," and a
preconcerted movement is on foot to drive
them out of business.
The schooner Annie Larsen, now load
ing at the foot of Berry street for Central
America, will take away two big lighters
to be used in the coffee trade. Thes are
46 feet long, 12 feet broad and 5 feet deep.
B. McMauon & Sons have begun worK
on Folsom-street wharf. The structure
will be torn down and a whart similar to
Pacific street will be put up. The Oceanic
Steamship Company will then again take
possession of its old quarters.
Tuere has been a change on the bark
Columbia. When sne goes out again
Captain Jones will have retired and
Captain Gibson, late chief officer of the
whateback City of Everett, will be in com
mand. Captain Jones will take a well
earned rest.
$2000 FOR A GOOD WIFE
Aaron Gartenberg Provided as Much in
His Will at the Time of His
Second Marriage.
The will of Aaron Gartenberg was filed
yesterday for probate. The value of his
estate is not known, but it is thought to be
large. In this will, dated February 11,
1891, is the following clause:
I give and bequeath unto Lena Goldberg,
residing in the City and County of San Fran
cisco, State of California, to whom lam this
day to be married, in consideration of her be
coming my wife and remaining a true and
faithful wife to me until my death, the sum of
$2000.
At tne time of the execution of the will
Gartenberg was 69 years of ace and had [
five grown children. ' His second wife was I
45 v ears of age.
The testator bequeathed to his brother,
Leiser Gartenberg, and sister, Zeirel. $250
each. The residue of the estate eoes to his
sons, Abraham, Max and Isaac Garten
berg, and his daughters, Betsy Harris and
Henrietta Fishel, in equal shares.
• — ■» »
CHANG OF FIRM.
It Is Now Hyanis, Brown ft Co. , Whole
sale and x-etail Clothiers.
The interest of Mr. Pauson in the late
firm of Hyams, Pauson & Co. has been
purchased by A. L. Brown, a eentleman
long and favorably known to the clothing
trade in this Ci'y, and the style of the
firm is now Hyams, Brown <fe Co. Their
stores at 25 and 27 San some street have
just been remodeled and now present a
very attractive appearance. Handsome
signs inform passers by that the firm re
tails clothine at wholesale prices—some
thinir they are enabled to do, they say,
because they are heavy manufacturers and
sell direct to consumers. The new firm
hope* by studying the wants of their
patrons to maintain the excellent reputa
tion in the clothing trade enjoyed Dy
their predecessors.
• — • — -•
The New Term at Mill*.
A considerable increase in the number of
pupils at Mills College and a more advanced
average of scholarship marks the year just
orened. There is no change in the corps of
teachers, save the addition of a German
teacher. Rev. Dr. Hal lock is for the present
acting pastor and lecturer on ethics and
Christian evidences. The senior class is larger
than for some years and the proportion of new
pupils entering the college department, in
stead of the seminary, is in advance of former
years.
♦ — ♦ ■»
Father Yorke's Lecture.
"The Little Red Schoolhouse," the second
lecture of the course on "Current Controversy"
by Rev. Peter C. Yorke. will be giveri next
Monday i veiling, August 31, in Metropolitan
Hall, under the auspices of the American
W omen's Liberal League. Rev. Dr. Neito will
preside.
» — ♦ — »
Church .Elders Elected.
A cumber af the congregation of the Howard
Presbyterian Church, on Oak and Bakor
streets, met last evening and elected John P.
Prutzman, Purcell Rowe and D. G. Gilmour as
ruling elders of the church. There 'was no
opposition.
Trunks Moved 25 Cents.
Commercial Transfer Co., 43 Suttor street.
Telephone Main 49. Keep your checks for us.*
WILL BE CHARGED
WITH MURDER,
Louis Best, a Machinist,
Dies at the Receiving
Hospital.
HIS SKULL FRACTURED.
Three Young M n'Uoder Sus
picion of Having Knocked
Him Down.
ONE HAS LEFT THE CITY.
The Circumstances of the Assault,
Which Occurred on Tehama Street,
Wrapped in Mystery.
Louis Beit, a machinest residing at 330
Ritch street, was knocked down by three
I young men near his residence, on Tuesday
afternoon. He was a heavy man ana in
falling struck the sidewalk with the back
of his head, rie was picked up uncon
scious and carried into his house. He re
mained unconscious until yesterday after
noon, when his friends becoming alarmed,
bad him removed to the Receiving Hos
pital.
The doctors there came to the conclu sion
that he was suffering from a fractnred
skull. He remained in an unconscious
state till about 8 o'clock, last night when
he died and his body was removed to the
Morgue.
One of the young men who knocked
iJest down was arrested shortly after the
assault, and was taken to the Southern
police station by Policemen O'Connor and
Fay and booked on the charge of battery.
His name is Thomas I. Linsky, and he
works in a cannery on Brannun street.
Liinskv was removed to the City Prison
Tuesday evening, and at 10 o'clock was re
leased on giving $100 bonds. His case was
caliPd in Judge Gonlan's court ye-sterday
morning, but a continuance was granted
till to-day.
As soon as Captain Spillane learned of
Best's serious condition he instructed
O'Connor and Fuy to bring Linsky in so
as to hold him pending the result of
Best's injuries. They learned that Linsky
had yesterday morning sent in his time
card at the cannery and drawn his wages.
He had not been at his home and the po
lice were afraid that, learning of Best's
! critical condition, he had left the City.
Captain Spillane detailed other officers
who know Ltnsky on the case, and every
effort ia being made fo find him and the
two young men who were with him.
When arrested they will be charged with
murder.
A boy called at the Receiving Hospital
las night and said that after the young
men had knocked Best down they kicked
him on the head.
WORKMEN REJOICE.
Good Tidings fop the Granite-Cutters
and the Bakers.
The Granite-cutters' Union held an elec
tion last evening and the following offi
cers were selected for the ensuing term:
President, W. F. O'Donnell; vice-presi
dent, James Walker; treasurer, Charles
Coyle; secretary, John Grant. The latter
was also selected as a delegate to the
Building Trades Council. The member*
are rejoicing that the atone work on the
new driveway in Golden Gate Park is to
be done in this City. The work begins
next Monday, and will give employment
to thirty men for at least seven months.
The trouble between Bakers' Union 51
and Davitt & Daly's shop is nearlng a
settlement. Consent to the men joining
has already been given. Other details, as
to wages, etc., will be regulated on Satur
day. The bakers hope that good feeling
and harmony will prevail as a result of
this victory for the Labor Council and the
Bakers' Union. x
OLYMPIC CLUB DUES.
It I* Rumored That a 910 Assessment
Will Be Levied.
The Olympic Club directors met for the
last time last night in that capacity.
There were six present, viz., Eaton, Gunn,
Kelly, Owens, White, Bosworth and Gill.
The only business of importance transacted
related to a charge brought by F. V. King
ton, the champion heavy-weight wrestler
and prominent football player, against
Jack McGlynn, who, it is charged, offered
Kington a cash consideration to desert the
ranKs of the Olympic football team and
play with the Peerless football team, of
which McGlynn is manager. The matter
was tabled.
The new directors will take their seats
on Wednesday, September 9.
It was rumored around the club last
evening, that owing to the depleted condi
tion of the treasury and the many im
provements in the club that are necessary,
an assessment of $10 will be levied on the
members. The supposition is that a vigor
ous objection will be instituted against the
proposed assessment by some of the mem
bers, but as funds are very necessary, an
assessment will certainly be levied, or
otherwise a raise in the monthly dues of
the members most follow.
Dr. E. N. Short was voted a life mem
ber, as he had proposed sixty-three names
of gentlemen wbo were elected members
during the past year, thereby increasing
th- club's funds $630 in cash and $189 per
month, which ib the amount of dues re
ceived.
An English Vessel Libeled.
The British ship Brabloch was libeled by
J. J. Moore <fc Co. yesterday, in the Rum of
$9927 02. It is alleged in the complaint that
the vessel, which was loaded with coal from
Newcastle, caught fire at sea, sustaining
serious damage. When she reached this port
the libellants advanced the sum of $4737 66
to the master, which he used in paying towage
aud repairing bis snip. The second count
alleges that the master, D. Kiddie, has failed
to account for coal to the value of $5289 36,
and a judgment is asked for that amount.
The Brabloch is about to leave for a foreign
port without paying the amounts claimed by
Moore & Co., hence the suit. It is thought that
the owners will settle the claim this morning.
NEW TO-DAT.
Tea is the backbone of
I the supper table Kit is
weak and flabby, or strong
and cranky, it sets the whole
supper awry.
But, if k is fall of that
i peculiar charm that fine
fresh tea can give, it makes ;
plain meat and potatoes
luxurious.
Schillings Best is the
! most charming tea we know
; at anything like the price :
Pound' Hatf'pewa'
Japan :.' "50C..-25C
j English Breakfast - 60 c 30 c
i Oolong 75 c ; 4° c
1 ! Ceylon ■ * •80 c • 40 c
Weal Blend * $1.25 65 c
At grocers' in packages. }
X Schilling & Cvmjftsy ... -, ; '
A BIG MORTGAGE
FORECLOSURE,
The Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society Sues W.
H. Howard.
OVER $150,000 INVOLVED
The Property Covered Is Located
on Clay and Montgomery
Streets.
PROVISION FOB A EECEIVEB.
Interest Has Been in Default for
More Than Seventeen
Months-
Suit was entered yesterday by the Hiber
nia Savings and Loan Society to foreclose
a mortgage for $150, Q00 held against prop
erty owned by William H. Howard.
The loan was made on the 12th of Decem
ber, 1888, on a mortgage and the accom
panying promissory note. The property
mortgaged lies in different parts of the
City — one piece on Second street, north
side, near Natoma, another on Natoma
street near Second, another on How
ard street near Second, another on Second
street near Natoma and another on Natoma
near Second; another on Howard near
Second, another on First street near Mis
sion, another on Montgomery street near
Clay and another on Clay street near San
some.
The interest on the mortgage has been
in default since March 12, 1895, and pay
ment has been demanded of the interest
and of the promissory note; but botn have
remained unpaid, hence the suit.
Tne terms of tne mortgage r quire that
in such default a receiver be appointed to
collect the rents of the mortgaged" prop
erty and apply the net proceeds of the
same to the payment of any deficit that
may remain to the plaintiff after the sale
of the mortgaged property.
Also by the terras of the mortgage the
buildings on the property were to be kept
insured for the security of the mortgagee
in the sum of $15,000, and the mortgagor
failing to effect such insurance the mort
gaeee might do so, the mortgagor being
liable for the cost of the same. This had
been done by the mortgagee, and the sum
was still due, together with interest at
the rate of 2 per cent per month.
JUDGE PROMISES SPEED
Argument on the Demurrer in
the Case of the " Solid
Seven."
The Points Pro and Con Made by
Genera' Dickinson and Dis
trict Attorneys.
Argnments on the demurrer to the in
dictments of the seven Supervisors by the
Grand Jury were beard yesterday fore
noon by Judge Seawell, the accusation
against the Supervisors being willful and
corrupt malfeasance in office in reducing
the assessments of several large corpora
tions.
None of the Supervisors were present,
and it was not a phase of the celebrated
case which attracted or interested a large
audience. General John H. Dickinson
represented the Supervisors, and the in
terests of the people were looked after by
District Attorney Barnes and Assistant
District Attorney Hosmer.
General Dickinson stated his objections
to tne complaint, and argued that it was
defective in that there was a misjoinder of
paities because only seven of the Board of
Supervisors were accused. He contended
that as the board consists of twelve mem
bers, the charges should have been placed
at the door of the whole board and the
seven alleged 10 be guilty picked out after
ward. He also argued that the indict
ment was insufficient because it charged
only general corruption -and made no
showing of specific wrong-doing, and that
it was defective because more than one
offense was charged therein.
District Attorney Barnea opposed the
points made by the Supervisors' attorney.
He claimed that under several Supreme
Court decisions and the code as many
charges as were considered necessary could
be made in support of an accusation of
corruption. He held that a proceeding of
this kind is an impeachment, and that a
wide latitude of accusations is proper. He
contended that there had been no misjoin
der of parties because the charge was made
individually in their capacity as officials
• NEW TO-LAY— AMUSEMENTS. ;
MECHANICS'
INSTITUTE PAVILION.
i Twenty-Ninth Industrial Exposition! ; I
HOME PRODUCTS EXHIBITION
UNDER THE AUSPICES OF THE '. .' "
MECHANICS' INSTITUTE ■
' ——AND THE * \-[
Mannfactnrers'and Producers' Association
OPENS SEPTEMBER 1.
CLOSES OCTOBER 3.
■ Machinery in Motion.
Trade Exhibits in Operation.
- The Latest Innovations in Electrical Science.
All Exhibits Ready on the Opening: of the Fair.
''" Picturesque Stands and Booths. . ■
. State fisheries Exhibit.
. .' Carefully Selected Art Gallery.
Orchestra of 4O Musicians Under the Leader-
ship of QUSTAV HINRICHS.
:■ ,'- : ADMISSION:
Double Reason Ticket... ................85 00
Single Season Ticket .....\.;~.Y.«Vr.';7..*3 00
Children's Season licket: ....$\ 50
'Adult Admission 35c
Children— Admission Evening . . . .;.'. . ; .-. . . . ... 25c
Children— Admission Daytime.. ........ 16c
fRIEDIANOERtK)TTLOBaC ,LESSEK,artANAaa j
•■;•> Eddy ana Jones Streets. .
: SUNDAY EVENING, AUGUST 30, I
DEATH OF SPIRITUALISM! I
A COMPLETE EXPOSE BY
T. C. ALEXANDER. :
', A Small r Admission ' for I Expenses. Box -office ■
open Friday. ■ ; . . . •■ . -.
;' TRICDLAriOLR.wrTU)p'« cs>; LtsicJAMruuttsua'-;; V
i YOU CAN T KEEP PEOPLE FKOM
-. So Excellent a Play as- . ' '
» '—^-"THr. SOCIAL TRLST!"
; That Is "Why the Frawley Company is
U Crowding the House. .' ■:, 
NEW TO-DAY.' ,
■^^" Pretty
~' Mr X" ' PiH"
7/ Vj :
' T says
;I- Pretty
Poll
She's just poll parroting.'.'
: There's no prettiness :in pills,
except on the theory of "pretty ,
is that pretty . does." ' In that
case she's right.
Acer's Pills
do cure biliousness, constipation,
and all liver troubles.
and not as a whole board. The word "cor
ruptly" under the penal code he held was
a general term and included everything
that could be proved against the accused
parties.
There was an argument between counsel
as to whether the prosecution would be
allowed to introduce evidence as to defin
ite sums of money paid to the accused in
support of the accusations, that had noth
ing to do with the demurrer, but the mat
ter was dropped.
Judge Seawell stated that inasmuch as
the case was one of great public concern
he would try to render a speedy decision.
If the demurrer Is overruled the case will
be tried at an early date before a jury.
• — «. — »
Lecture by Mrs. Shaw.
In Simpson Memorial Church, corner ot
Hayes and Buchanan streets, to-morrow even
ing at 8 o'clock. Rev. AnnaH. Shaw will de
liver her celebrated lecture on "The Fate of
Republics," for the benefit of the Ladies' Aid
Society of the church.
ifEW AMUSEMENTS.
I " ' Every Night! ' Matinee Saturday! .
A MAELSTROM OF MERRIMENT t
"Oh. What a Night!"
"THE GAY PARISIANS'
With the Best Comedy Cast Yet.
W. J. Fergnson. Sadie Martinot, .las. O. Barrows,
Mrs. K. J. Phillips, Margaret Gordon, C'has. B.
Wells, W. R. Shirley and the Original Cast.
Management Charles Fbohmas. -
JO" Positively Last Time of •' ihe Gay Paris*
iaus" Sunday Night, August. 30th.
— - — NEXT MONDAY
. The Big Napoleonic Production, •'
"MADAME SANS GENE",
SEATS READY TO-DAY. '
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE
Uta.bi.\ifai'i.\h ii;bel:n-h. Proprietor &.tlita»£d;
Grand Opera Season !
TO-NIGHT :
: Also Saturday Evening,
Masoagnl's Masterpiece,
"CIVALLERIA RUSTICANA!"
Preceded by the Balcony and Marriage Scenes from
"ROMEO, AND JULIET."
TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY EVENINGS,
Verdi's .Lyric Drama,
"xjA th.att'xa.i'.a.;"'
EXT WEEK •
"ERNANI" — -and — -"BIGOLETXO."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Leases and Manas*?
A Laughing Success ! A Laughing Success !
Don't Miss Them!
I.OTTIE WILLIAMS, ED. J. HURON,
Soubrette, ■>. Comedian, •
In That Funniest of Comedy Dramas,
".A. NUTMEG- . MA.TOHI"
A Play About Farm Life i' Connecticut by
Wm. Haworth. Author of "The Ensign.
A Thrilling I .-Driver Scene!
■ New Songs!— . New Specialties! — New Dances!
Evening Prices— Viso and 500. i
• F»milv Circle and Gallery, 10c.
%^^»
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Pow»U.
22— — All Great Vaudeville Stars —23
Only Two Nights 31 ore of
THE GREAT BIO3STIDI I
The One-Man Italian Opera Co.
Ihe Greatest Attraction of the Day. '
: ■ ■ Don't Miss It.
22 All Great Vaudeville Stars 23
Keservert seats. 25c: balcony, 10c; Opera-cnaira
and box-seats, 50c. Get your seats in advance. ,
ALCAZAR THEATER.
Belasco, Doane & Jordon, Lessees & Managers
AUSPICIOUS OPENING !
AUSPICIOUS OPENING!
AUSPICIOUS OPENING I
Week Commencing Monday, August 31
• "■'■■": The Screaming Comedy,
"TURNED UP!"
By the New and „ Powerful Stock Com-
pany Comprising 18 Prime Favorites.
f . ,-.- EVERY NIGHT —
Matinees . Saturday and Sunday.'
' Box-office open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. if.
Tickets may be secured by Telephone Black 991.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Bail way on Earth!
Open Daily from 1 to 11 P. M.
>/ -,'.;■ GREAT SUCCESS OF , s
THE DE FILIPPKS, Whirlwind Dancer!
ROYAL JAPANESE
JUGGLERS AND ACROBATS.
GRACE LENORE, the Juvenile Levy,
LEWIS W. LAURENCE AND ESTHER
MOORE, Vocalists.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE "CLEOPATRA!"
ADMISSION— IO CENTS.
Children, Including Merry-Go-Round Hide, 5 cents,
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7a. m. Until 11 p. if. ,
Concert Every Afternoon and Evening^
General Admission— Adults 10c Children sc.
IhijiaNd pavilion
f^LECTRIcMOTI POWER .;
; ; ft> Transmitted; fbLSOM
iFfFAiLi'ivlf
EXCURSION RATES. ;j
78
SHE LOST JACOB
AND HER MONEY.
The Old Story of a Confid
ing Woman and a
Rascal.
TWO DAYS' HONEYMOON.
Result of Getting Married
Through an Advertisement
in a Newspaper.
MRS. BARBARA BOSSERT DUPED
She Was Wedded to Jacob Schmidt on
Saturday and Is Now After Him
for Felony Embezzlement.
Mra. Barbara Bossert, a widow living at
103 Langton street, is mourning the loss
of her second husband and $1240 in crisp
greenbacks, which she confidingly intrust
ed to his care.
It is the old story of a clever rascal lay
ing a trap for a woman with money in
search of a husband and even going the
length of marrying her to accomplish his
purpose.
On Friday last Mrs. Bossert saw an ad
vertisement in the German Demokrat,
which read that a widower, 40 years of
pge, worth $15,000 and having no child
ren, desired to marry a German lady.
She answered the advertisement, giving
the address of 553 Minna street, which is
a grocery owned by John M. Kunz, her
son-in-law.
That night a man called at the store
and introduced himself as Jacob Schmidt,
paying that he was the advertiser. Mrs.
Bossert was there and they were soon in
earnest conversation. Schmjdt told her
he owned the Turk-street Beer Hall, 30
Turk street, and adjoining property. His
•wife died in Cnicago about two years ago,
where he had been in the saloon business,
and as he felt lonely be wanted a partner
to share his joys and his sorrows. He did
not want money ; all he wanted was a wife
who would make him happy, and he felt
pure that Mrs. Bossert was just the one to
suit him.
Mrs. Bossert was flattered by his talk
and before Schmidt toofc his departure it
was arranged they should get married the
following day. So on Saturday they went
to the City Hall and Schmidt procured
the marriage license. Then they went to
Justice of the Peace Groezinger, and he
Eoon made them husband and wife.
They went to 108 Langton street to spend
the honeymoon. On Monday morning
the bride felt so happy that she told
Schmidt that she had $1240 in the house,
so he did not marry a penniless woman.
Schmidt said it was very dangerous for her
to keep such a large sum of money in the
house as burglars might hear of it and
taKe it away from her. This scared her,
and she gave him the $1240, all in green
backs, and asked him to take it to the
German Savings Bank and deposit it in
her name. Jacob put on his hat, kissed
her good-by and that was the last she saw
of him.
Monday night passed and Jacob did not
return ; then Tuesday passed without his
appearance and she became alarmed. She
sent her son-in-law to the Turk-street
beer hall to inquire for Jacob, but nobody
knew anything about him. Kunz hur
ried back to his mother-in-law, and to
gether they went to Judge Conlan's court,
whejje she swore to a complaint charging
Jacob with felony embezzlement. The
warrant was placed in the hands of De
tective Anthony, but Jacob has not been
found.
Mrs. Bossert is a buxom woman about
MRS. BARBARA BOSSERT.
40 years ol age, and can only speat the
German language. She came here about
four months ago with her daughter and
son-in-law from Brooklyn. N. V., where
her husband died a little'over a year ago.
She is a simple, confiding woman. She
uoes not regret the loss of Schmidt, but
feels keenly the loss of her money, as it
was all the wealth she was possessed ot.
Schmidt is described as a German about
36 years of age, 5 feet 7 or 8 inches tall,
dark hair and eyes, slight black mustache,
mutton-chop whiskers and high forehead.
He has a full round face, rather stout
build, and is considered a handsome man.
About ten days ago Schmidt rented a
room in the lodgine-nouse 32 Turk street,
kept by Mrs. Turner, which is over
the Turk-street beer hall. He paid
her a month's rent in advance. He
told her be had been in the saloon
business in Chicago for twelve years, and
was now interested in a gold mine in this
Slate. He wore a shabby gray suit and
nil his personal effects were contained in
two valises. He said he had only been
here a few weeks and bad been stopping
in a hotel on Eddy street.
Last Saturday morning he left with one
of his valises, telling Mrs. Turner in a
note that he was going to Sacramento to
see about the gold mine. He returned
Monday morning about 10 o'clock, packed
up bis effects and left with both valises,
explaining to Mrs. Turner that he was
a^ain going to Sacramento and would be
away for some days. That was the last
eeen of him. The probability is that he
has left the State.
He must have had some money, as a
few days after he went to Mrs. Turner's
he bought several suits of rlothes. She
observed that he wore two diamond rings
on his fingers,
PRIZES FOR BABIES.
A Special Day for Little Ones at the
Mechanics' Fair.
The Mechanics' Fair this year has ar
ranged special days on which ; attractive
exercises will be held in addition to spe
cial music by the Exposition band, under
the leadership of Gustav Hinrictis. R. P.
Doolan, chairman of the entertainment
committee, has not overlooked .; the chil
dren this year but has arranged for spe
cial events for the little ones. Already
great interest is being taken in the contest
of babies and no doubt he will have special
prizes for twins, as several people were at
the pavilion makinz inquiries as to what
the special prizes for twins would i. be, and
if they keep coming in as they are now
triplets will not be overlooked. Follow
ing is a list of the prizes offered :
Prizes— Two-year-old and under, pretti
est baby boy, silver cup; one-year-old and
under, prettiest baby boy, knife, fork and
spoon ; fattest baby boy. two-year-old and
under, carriage strap, silver mounted; fat
test baby boy, one-year-old and under, sil
ver rattle with bells; prettiest baby girl,
three-year-old and under, pap bowl, spoon
and plate; prettiest baby girl, one-year
old and under, cut glass and silver puff
box and puff; fattest baby girl, two-year
old and under, silver brush and comb;
fattest baby girl, one-year-old and under,
gold buttons with turquoise settings.
Four silver prizes for children between the
ages of 3 and 5 and 5 and 8 for fancy dan
cing. Also, a prize of $25 is offered for a
poem written on the subject of Admis
sion day by a native daughter, all poems
to be handed in to Joseph M. Gumming,
secretary Mechanics" Institute, Mechan
ics' Pavilion, not later thin September 1.
Judge Coffey, James D. Phelan and Ed
Greenway have been selected to judge the
babies on baby day, September 9, native
babies only to be in t he contest.
THE WILLIAMS TRIAL.
The Evidence for the Defense Is
Not as Strong as Was
Supposed.
The Government Is Investigating an
Alleged Attempt to Bribe
Witnesses.
The trial of Dick Williams, charged
with fraudulently landing Chinese, was
resumed in the Onited States District
Court yesterday. With the testimony of
George E. Lawrence, attorney for Mrs.
Williams in the divorce proceedings, and
Deputy Collector Jerome relative to the
finances of the accused the Government
rested its case.
Wong Sam was recalled for cross-exam
ination, Mowry directing a perfect fusillade
of questions tending to show that the wit
ness had conspired to cause the arrest of
Williams. He was asked if Major Moore
had not promised him immunity from
prosecution if he would muke certain affi
davits against Williams. No such thing
had occurred, however, and the defense
was compelled to rely on its own wit
nesses.
Incidentally, it may be remarked that
Major Moore made every possible effort
to have Wong Sam indicted by the last
Grand Jury, but failed. Tne allegations
were thoroughly investigated, but found
to be so largely hearsay as not to warrant
serious consideration.
The defense introduced five witnesses
during the day, but the testimony offered
was not of a particularly startling or
convincing character. Wong Chee, Jen
Quong, Dong Doc Ho and Chin Toy all
denied having paid Williams money to
land Chinese; neither were they aware
that such a thing had been done.
The last witness offered before adjourn
ment was Ham Teung. The defense evi
dently expected great things of him., but
it was doomed to disappointment. The
witness was exceedingly nervous, and
seemed suddenly to have lost his memory.
He recalled having talked with Wong Sam
on two occasions concerning Williams'
honesty, but more than this, he could not
•remember. Attorney Mowry suggested
that Teung was intimidated by the
presence of some one in the courtroom,
but this the witness stoutly denied. Judge
Morrow took a hand in the proceedings
but ceveloped nothing further than that
the witness was inspector for the Chinese
Association. Court adjourned at 4 o'clock
with Teung still on the stand. He will be
the first witness called this morning.
During the afternoon session Mrs. Wil
liams flitted into the court. She gave a
withering elance at the man on trial,
smiled sweetly at the prosecuting attor
neys', and then melted through the big
oak doors leading into the corridors.
Chin Ying has reported to the prosecu
tion that on Wednesday last Quong Him
offered him $50 if he would leave the City
and not testify against Williams. If
Ying's charges can be established the*
matter will be laid before the United
States Grand Jury.
Quong Him, formerly interpreter in the
Chinese Bureau, and more familiarly
known as Charley Him, is a Mongol whose
career is well known. It will be remem
bered that a full account of Him's connec
tion with a famous case in Los Angeles
was published several months ago. Him
kept his wife confined in a dry well for
two weetts, intending thereafter to sell her
into slavery. He has during the progress
of the trial sat by Williams' side and has
always closely watched every bit of evi
dence produced.
It is said that a good railway engine will
travel 1,000,000 miles beiore it is worn out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
SANTA TERESA
TO BE A FREAK
The Mystic Mexican as a
Star Theatrical
Attraction.
TO FORSAKE HER HOME.
Dr. Huff of This City Secures
a Rare Prize for a
Museum Show.
ADORED BY HER FOLLOWERS.
The New Role of the "Sonora Witch"
for Whom Men Gave Up
Their Lives.
Santa Teresa de Cabora, the '-Sonora
witch," the high priestess of the Mexican
peon, the reputed healer, the prophetess
whom the Yaqui. Piraa and Mesito In-
SANTA TERESA.
dians and many ienorant Mexicans have
followed with blind devotion even unto
death, and the Nemesis of the Mexican
Government, against which she has in
cited a war, has decided to forsake the
home of her followers, who idolize her,
and will become a museum freak— a
passive figure seated on a platform for the
curious populace to gaze on at so much a
head.
Her manager and the person who ex
pects to profit most by her powers of
attracting the nimble dime is Dr. A. G.
Huff, who for several years has been a
practicing physician of this City.
Several weeks ago when the excitement
along the Mexican border was at its
height Dr. Huff 'conceived the idea that
the fair Teresa would be a drawing-card
as a theatrical attraction and wrote to a
friend in Arizona asking him to ascertain
whether she could be induced to leave her
home to journey to the United States to
give the longing populace a chance to see
her. Of course this was the only light in
which the matter was to be placed oelore
her.
At this time the excitement was at its
height. The Nogales Custom-house, just
scross the Mexican border, had been at
tacked by Teresa's followers, seven of
them killed, and the Gonora witch was
too busily explaining that she was for
peace and not for war and riot to think of
leaving her native heatti. 80 the nego
tiations for the time being came to naught.
Dr. Huff was not to be baffled, however,
and telegraphed to a friend, a Spanish
lawyer at LO3 Angeles, to go to Mexico and
see what could be done toward inducing
the girl to change her mind. Apparently
he succeeded better than his predecessors,
for a few days ago Dr. Huff received word
that a bargain had been made and that
funds were all that were needed to start
her on her way to pecuniary fame and for
tune.
To be sure that everything was all right
Dr. Huff started at once for Mexico and
is now arranging for her tour.
It has not yet been decided whether the
mystic Teresa will start her career as a
freak in New York or San Francisco, but
in any event she will soon be before the
footlights as a star attraction. Dr. Huff |
expects to make a fortune out of his
venture, particularly if the fair Teresa
proves to have tne wonderful powers at
tributed to her by her followers.
AUGUST HELBING' S ESTATE.
Hi* Will left All to His Wife, but Hi»
Wife Had Died. V  .
The will of August Helbing was filed
yesterday for probate. It covered just ten
lines of letter-paper and was written en
tirely in the ' hand of -' the testator. ■ By it
the deceased. left his entire estate to his
wife \ Franziska. f The wife, however, died I
a few months before Mr. Helbing, thus
causing the will ;to lapse. A petition: was'
filed with , the will 5 setting i forth > the fact
and asking that letters of administration
be issued to David, the eldest son of the
deceased; :■*.-. '\ '.;'-':.j:; :■''■?: ■' ■ ';':.■>:*; \' : ~ -. J -.;■■&
The petition i sets ■. forth that there are
four children, heirs ;to the estate— David,
34 years of • age . Carrie, 30; ; Liilie, 26, and
Jacob, 23. ■'■■'."'.'"• : '■' .":. -
1 1 A time was fixed for hearing "the peti
tion, September 8. ','•-, -"-,.■,
~ ■ '.. '::'" ■?, — ■ ' « — ♦ ' < —^— -'.• .■ . ■. ' ■•'■--:
ST. PATRICK'S ALLIANCE.
Patriotic Irishmen Will Celebrate Ad
mission Day.
At a special meeting of the St. Patrick's
Mutual Alliance, held on the 16th inst.,
it was unanimously decided to celebrate
the admission of California to the Union
by a grand picnic and reunion a.t Bchuet-
Zen Park, San Rafael, and the following
named I gentlemen were appointed las * a
committee of ) arrangements: >J. H. Mc-
Ginny (chairman), Patrick Riley (secre
tary), James. Foley, Michael Kilday and
John Hennessy. .1 The committee 'has
spared neither * money nor labor -to make
this affair the event of the season. About
fifty valuable r prizes ; have been I secured
thus I far, and they continue to * come, so
the contestants in the various games will
be amply rewarded ; besides there will be
a large number of gate prizes. ' P * .
MEAT INSPECTION.
United States and Local Inspectors'
; Agree to Work in Harmony.
The United States and local meat in
spectors ; came to a thorough understand
ing yesterday at a meeting ol the Board of
Health regarding the handling of ' meat
condemned by the former. Heretofore
the United States Inspectors have not, be
cause no such orders were issued to them,
notified the - local authorities when meat
was condemned -by them, merely placing
their stamp of disapproval on it. '
Market Inspector Davis! sent in a com
munication recommending that an ordi
nance be passed prohibiting slaughtering
within the City limits before 7 A. Im. or
after 5 m., and prohibiting l the sale of
hogs within: twelve; hours after they are
slaughtered. The board decided to request
that the Supervisors pass such a measure.
Health Officer Lovelace rendered a re
port on the "condition" of a t number of
buildings in Chinatown, including the
Globe Hotel and the structures at 708, 710
and 714 Pacific street and those at 1009,
1013, 1015, 1017, 1019 and 1021 Dupont
street. / .
The recommendation was adopted, and
the tenants will be served with a tern days'
notice to ' vacate, v the ' owners ' also being
notified of the action of the board.
« » —♦
Police Tribunal. :
The Police Commissioners met last night
and heard charges of ill-treating a prisoner
against Policeman John J. O'Meara, and fail
ing to patrol his beat against Policeman John
\V. Durkin. The charge against O'Meara was
dismissed, and Durkin was fined $10.
J. J. O'FARRELL GOES OUT
Is No Longer at the Head of
the Big Real-Estate
Firm.
The Business Will Bs Continued by
' H. E. Coffey, Formerly
Manager.
The financial difficulties of John J.
O'Farrell, who has been - prominently
identified with the real-estate business in
San Francisco for several years past, cul
minated yesterday in his retirement from
the firm of O'Farrell & Co.. of which he
was the head, and the attaching of his
funds in the Donohoe- Kelly Bank : by an
anxious creditor. ;:
Mr. O'Farrell's troubles date back some
time, but were not known to the general
public until a few weeks ago,' when he
(was sued for $10,000 by a 5 Southern Cali
fornia client, who claimed that money
borro wed to that extent had not been re
paid.:
Recently the suit of ~, Bartlett against
O'Farrell was filed(in the County Clerk's
office, and I yesterday the plaintiff ? had
served a garnishment' on the bank i men
tioned for $2870. Mr. O'Farrell attributes
bis inability ■to continue :; his 1 business to
unfortunate investments and to Blow col
lections. \ ; .~:.v-; -v'.-v. ■:'..-■"•;■. •■^-y : - ; // v . : ' : ' " :
The business of O'Farrell & Co. will be
taken up in his own name by H. E. Coffey,
who has been connected with the firm as
manaerer and City salesman for some time,
and he will bend 1 his * energies ■ for , some
time to come in : straightening out the af
| fairs of the concern and placing it on the
sound basis it held for years'. Mr. Coffey
is s entirely familiar ; with ; the real estate
business \in r this' City, having j been con
nected in responsible positions with Eas
ton.Eldridge & Co. and other well-known
firms previous to attaching himself to
O'Farrell & Co. - ' ■
Mr. O'Farrell hop* to be able to settle
up his affairs ] satisfactorily if ihe [can ] pre
vail upon his creditors not to drive him to
the wall. ; - .- -
.— ; « 0 * - ■ ! "■■■ • '
Rincon Outing Club.
Adolph Fischer, president of the Rincon Out
ing Club, states that the organization over
which he presides is strictly non-sectarian and
non-political. Also that a published account
of the club's outing to the top of Mount Tamal
pias was not given by any member of the club
nor by any one authorized to speak for the
organization.
— — — • — « — >
A Watch for a Captain.
Among the features of the coming Youths'
Directory outing will be a vote on the most
popular po line captain, the prize winner to
receive a handsome gold watch. Th 6 watch is
now on exhibition in Raphaels' window on
Kearny street.
♦ — -♦ — •
Menlo Park's McKinley Club.
MENLO PARK, Cal., Aug. 26.— The
Republicans of this place held a rousing
meeting last evening, at which the tem
porary organization of a McKinley and
Hobart club was effected. The following
temporary officers were elected: Charleß
Harkms, chairman; D. E. O'Keefe, secre
tary; committee on permanent organiza
tion—E. L. Taylor, John Macßean, Joseph
Greer, William Hammerson, A. Gale.
KEPT DIAMONDS
IN AN OPEN SACK
Mrs. Rafael Silva Thereby
Loses Thousands of
Dollars.
LEFT HER DOOR AJAR.
A Bag of Precious Jewels Left
Unprotected From Sneak
thieves.
ONLY ONE CASE WAS TAKEN
Through Ignorance or Fear the Bur
glars Overlooked More Than
They Took.
Mrs. Rafael de la Silva, a wealthy Mexi
can lady, whose husband, she claim?, is
'he Pooh Bah of La Paz and nas so many
remunerative offices that he has to gather
in his salary of depreciated currency each
month in a barrel, has had a painful ex
perience of the woes that may befall a be
jeweled and unsophisticated woman in a
wide-awake American city.
Mrs. Silva came to this City a few
months ago and upon the recommenda
tion of friends took up her residence at
the Lariston, 621 Bush street. Mrs. Silva
could speak no English, but to the few
persons who could understand her tongue
she unburdened herself freely. Among
her proud possessions was a choice assort
ment of diamonds. These she exhibited
to her Spanish-speaking iriends and de
clared that they were worth $10,000. In
this way the story of her wealth soon be
came public property in the neighborhood.
A short time after Mrs. Silva's advent at
the Lariston she formed the acquaintance
of Peter Salvador, the Italian cook who
runs the culinary department of the hos
telry as an independent venture. Peter
could speak Spanish almost as well as his
mother tongue, and he soon won his way
into the good graces of the opulent dame
from the South. Mrs. Silva had about
made up her mind that this town waß
good enough for her, and wnen the master
of salads and sauces represented to her
the gaudy profits to be made out of cater
ing to the appetites of Lariston patrons
Mrs. de la Silva readily consented to place
a portion of her coin and all her confidence
in the boarding business.
It was while engaged in the plebeian
bnsiness of tending the dining-room, a
calling which would have made the
haughty Don Rafael's blood turn cold,
that Mrs. Silva came to grief.
According to her story as told through
Peter Salvador as interpreter Mrs. Silva,
with the reckless disregard of wealth
characteristic of the Southern Jadies, left
her diamond cases in a sack on a shelf in
her closet while she went to tend the din
ing-room during Her partner's daily mar
keting. In spite of the large amount of
jewelry in the room she did not even take
the precaution to lock the door. Her
room is near the front entrance of the
house and dozens of strangers pass her
door in an hour. One of the chamber
maids noticing the door was unlocked
notified Salvador of the fact, but he didn't
consider the matter of enough importance
to speak to Mrs. Silva.
About 1 o'clock in the afternoon
Mrs. Siiva returned to her room
and noticing that the door of her closet
was open glanced toward the bag of gem;.
The mouth of the bag was open, but other
wise nothing appeared disturbed. A fur
ther investigation, however, revealed the
fact that one of the jewel cases had been
opened and a pair of diamond bracelets,
valued at $2200, and a pair of earrings,
valued at $500, had been extracted. The
remainder of the $10,000 worth of diamonds
was in the same bag, as was also $20 in
gold, but nothing else was taken.
The police were at once notified and
made a thorough investigation of the
premises. The domestics in the house
have all been with the landlady, Mrs.
Sheridan, for several years, and she ex
pressed the utmost faith in their integrity.
The detectives searched all their rooms
and questioned them closely, but all were
able to give satisfactory accounts of them
selves. The notoriety which Mrs. Silva's
Dossessions had gained, and the advan
tages which her carelessness and the po
sition of her room presented for looting
make it improbable that the wife of Rafael
de la Silva "will ever resain the jewels
which she says she has lost.
HEW TO-DAT.
PAYS Si
TO GO TO pPfljl
Yfll! Qood Tea ERR
VSL Good Coffee run
(JET Qood Spices YOUR
Jin DC Good Crockery *""" 1
MORE Qood^uality MONEY
BIG PRESENT FREE.
Profits Divided
wlth Customers wh o;
— COME DIRECT TO—
Great American Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. } • 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st. ■>
140 Sixth st. : - . ■ 2008 Fill more st,
617 Kearny st. - ": 065 Market St. :
1419 Polk st. ■ ' •■= 3006 Sixteenth st
=21 Montgomery avti. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st. { 3285 Mission st. .
; 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. v.
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
13 1 San Pablo aye. ■; * 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park st., Aiameda.
MADISON
AND
BURKE,
ESTABLISHED 1858, *
RELIABLE RENTERS
and COLLECTORS,
626 Market St.,
Opposite Palace Hotel.
KEW TO*9AT.
Bedroom Suits Again.
Low prices are doubly welcome if they
come when you want them.
We couldn't have picked a better time
to talk bedroom suits — winter is coming,
everybody will be at home and an extra suit
or two will come in handy.
Our house-cleaning of small lots gives
them to you at prices so little you never
think of them twice.
VSWj»W l '«*i« •us*' 1 ' i"" 1 ■ '
Picture shows one pattern. Polished
oak, boldly carved. . Large beveled French-
plate mirror. • ..
: Crisp and a-sparkle with newness— yet
they go in a hurry. $26 is the price — were
'-; $32. ' : ; : ; : - '..' : '". ," ".
Just; to give an idea of bedroom suit
prices when "Red Letter Days" and half a
year's selling has left broken lots on hand.
California Furniture Company,
N. P. Cole & CO., Carpets,
1 7-1 1 Geary Street. ,;, \ t v Saf&ngi.
THE POT CALLED THE KETTLE BLACK
BECAUSE THE HOUSEWIFE
DIDN'T USE
SAPOLIO
RAXLXOAD TRAVEt! |
■OVTHKHBT PACIFIC COKPANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlna leitTe nnd are <hi« to arrive nl
SAN;rUANtISCO.
(satk ■■ — --FnoM JuyE7.1306. — ' ARmva
*6:OOa If lies. San Jose and Way Stations ... 8:43 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Og«len and Hast.. . «'4»»
7:0Oa Benicia, Vacayille,. Kumsey, Sacr^
niento, OroTille and Bedding via "^". •';',
Davis «:43*
7:06 a Martinez, Sun Ramon, : Napa, Calls- .
toga and Santa 805 a .............. C:13«
•iBoa Kites, ■ San .lose, .- Stockton, ■•■ lone,
Sacramento, Marysville and Bed
JJluff 4:I«P
•*B©A Peters and Mi1t0n.................. "7:15*
. •iUUa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
• Barbara and Loo Ange1e5......... 4:4."»r
«:OOa Martinez and 5t0ckt0n.............. -11:45 a
•:oOa Va11ej0.............................. 6:13r
- l:OOp NHes, San Jose and Livenuore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:Onp
flsSOp Port Costa and Way Stations t?:43z
4ioor Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Callstoga, El Verauo t.nd
' Santa Uosa. Oilsa
«hi9p Benicia, Vacarille, Woodland.
Knights Landing, MarysTill^
Oroville and Sacramento * 10>4Ba |
4i3of Nile.i, San Jose, LiTermore ; and
. : Stockton 7rlBp
4t3or Merced, ■ Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemlte) and Fresno Xlj4a*
5:« Op New Orleans Kxprcss.li'resuo.Bakera-
".• •. field, Hat: la l!arbara,l<oa Angelec. •
iteming, El Paso, New Orleans and ■
East ............................. 1O:1»a
OI6OP Santa Fo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojave aud Ea5t........ iC:l3a
8:00p VaUej0................ H:43a
Ateop European Mail, Ogrten and East.... 9:45 a
«:<Mlp Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7*45*
|7:00 1- Vallejo. t7-.45p
7:0»p Oregon Express, Sacramento, Jlarys-
-1 ville. Reddiiijf, Portland, l'ngct
Hound and East ............ ..:... IO:4B A
' SitKT*. <!UI!Z lUVInSOX (Narrow t;anscj.~~~
L 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, H&nta Cruz ™
and Principal Way Stations ....".. :8:03p
Silßa Newark, Ccnterrillp.Haii.loso.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way •_'. -
5tati0n5........'........:.......... OiSOr 1
•SilSp Newark, Ce-.iterville, San Jose. New
: Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
- SanU Cruz and Principal , Way ■ "
' . 5tati0n5..........!..... *lliaOA
|4>lßp Newark. .San Jose and hot* (iatos. ... ;
_.. COAST IHVISiON (lliinl A Tnwnscwd SU.)
L «6:45ASan Jose and Way Stations (New i
.■-..;> x.-.« Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).,...,, 0:47 v ( j
% 7iBoa Sunday Excursion for San Jose. '■ ' • "■-?"'>
' Santa Cruz, 1 Pacific ; Grove, . ana : ■ • ■
- Principal Way Stations !9:33r 1
•llSaßsn Jose, Tres I'lnos, Santa Cruz,,
pacific Grove, Paso Robles, Sat
J.nis Oblspo, Guadalupe aud Priw-
Tipal Way Stations 7rO3p
J»:47a Palo Alto and Way Station* ...... fl:3op
10:40 a San Jo— =»d Way Stations IS:OOp
; 11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3t3or
■2:30 San Mateo, Menlo Park. Han Jose,
Gilroy. • Tres Piiios, Santa Cms,
• ' - BaUnas,MnntereyamlPacillcGroTe *IQ:4Oa
*S:3orSan Jose, Pacilio Grove and Way
Stations ....................... , , *1;3OF
•4tSop San Jose and Way Stations:........ *«:»«>**'
■ 3:30p San Joso and Principal Way btations "B:4 Ha
0:30p San Jose aud Way 5tati0n5......... 0::5.1 \
|11:45p San .losenml WavßfcaUmw......... ■■■•»7t4si- >
BAN--LKANOBO AM) HAY WARDS LO>!AL.
' <*6:00a1 - .. '. ..-.••.;. "7 77157
8:00 a [ t»:4r>A
,-|;2S A Helro e,Be»l«r y P,rk, 1 |fs|*
'"!oSf Fltehb«rg,S«Le»ndr. >l| :isr
IS' :"* - • »&
7:00p -. ° 8.*43*
Sloop * Rons throntfj to OTe*. iS-jwJ!
ttimar « **« Nile.. ; .....,{ tt }S^SS:
? CREEK ROUTE FERRY,
from Sail /KIBCISCO— Foot of Mirket Strut (Slip 81—
♦7:15 ; ' 9;00 . 11:00 a.m. -41:00 •9-00 13-0'
•4:00 t6:00 *6:00r.M. W *' W I3o<
rronOllUHS—FootofßrMd'njr— =k-oo sne
%X: tlm %1:0 ° Mio ° * 3: w «S
.. „ . _i !> I Sundays only. :•■■. -■-.-- ■-■ -.■■■- - ...
* f «sS.I? y Thu " d a 2 and Saturday night, only.
MILL VALLEY AND lODIT TAMALPAIS
SCENIC RAILWAY.
O^r^^^, m*™ THURSDAY, AUGUST 37,
•KniiVni^ W »U connect with North Pacific Coast
cueo R^sn » «": :- ret « rni nS- arrive In Ka n Fran- .
cisco6:3o in !> ; Sunday: " Leave San Francisco 9
i". S?^ 1 . p - m- ' returning arrive in San Fran-
ln asva^?e of :1 ?3 ° - Tlcl£etB can secured
THOS. COOK & SON, 621 Market st. ?
RAILROAD TRAVEU
SMFRASCISCO & NORTH PI-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 11:3&
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m Thursdays— Extra trtS
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trip* at 1:M
and 11:30 p. K.
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 A.M.; 1:80, 3:3%
6:00, 6:20 p.m. :.
, San Kafael to San Francisco. "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. M.-
-it 2 i?s5 3 p 4 M'. 5 8 n 1 d °6 P i^p S M: Urday!l - EXCratrl ™
9^' U:l ° * lt: l «°> B:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetren Park garni
schednle as above,
***^ c Ineffeet I Arrive
Ban Francisco. vl"^ " San Francisco,
Wjckk I Sun- u-^UnatloiJ Son- ! Wb «"
Paybl 1 days, ufattnatltm^ PAYa . [.d ay<l
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 1 8:49 ax
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petal Dma, 6:06 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Kosa. 7:30 eu 6:15 pm
■ '-■ .-■■- I Fulton,'
7:80 am Windsor, • 10:10 am
. Healdsburg,
! Geyserville,
8:30 pm 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 rM 6:13 m.
■ '.. ■;. -.-""" I'ieta, — — — — —
7:30 am Hopland A : ' 10:10 am
8 :30 i-m | 7:3oam Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am I : : i ~ 10:10 am
? 7:30 am GnernevUle. 7:30 we
3:30 pm 6:10 pm
7:80 am 7:30 ami Sonoma ,10:40 am; 8:40 am
6:10 pm 5:00 piij Glen^Elien. | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
6 :IQ pm S :00 pm; Glen Ellen. | 6:06 pm; 6:15 pm
7:3oam 7:3o ami Seha . ton _, 110:40 AMI 10:10 AM
8:30 pm 5:00 s^ Da3to P° 1 - I 6:oarMl 6:15 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie .West
Springs; at, < GeysenrUle for Skates Springs; M
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kclseyville, Soda Bay. and i3ke port; at
Hopland for Lakeport aad Eartlett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bine
Lakes, Laurel Deli Lake, Upper LaKe. Porno, I'otte*
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, HnllvlUe, Boonevtlle,
greenwood, Ore's Hot Springs. Mendocino City,
Tort Bragg, Wsstport, Usal, Willets, Canto, C*>
Wo. LaytODvlile, Harris, Scoti»and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redotot
(ate*.
Ob Sundays round-trip ticket* to all point* b*>
rend San Rafael at half rates.
i - Ticket Offices, 660 Market St., Chronicle bnlldlwt
B. C. WHITINO, K. X. RY AW,
Qen. Manager. ; . . . Gen. Pass. Agent
Atlantic ''^^^^p^
Trains leave and arriva i: Bffinflgf
SMTA EXPRESS. S|j|i
To Chicago via A. & r.UQdi [O
JJirect Line bvWw^Sfw
Leaves every day at 5 p.; m., carrying Pullman
Palace Drawing-room Sleepers, also Modern Up.
h0 ' B*?d'8 *? d ' Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
ana bedding and in charge or a . porter, run daily
through 10 Chicago via Kansas City. Annex cars
for Denver and St. Louis. - ' -
Personally conducted Boston Excursions via
»*>sa» City, Chicago, . Montreal - and the White
Mountains leave every Wednesday. ■ .
The best railway from California to the East,
New rails, new ties; no dust: interesting scenery!
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
Ticket Office-644 Market Street,
'. I Clironicl© Building.
Telephone Mala, 1531« ' ..-
-f NORTH PACIFIC COAST railroad
„ • (Via Sausalito Ferry). : r
From San Francisco, commencing Juue 15, 1893.
' : ' - WEEKDAYS-
For Mill ' Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, »8!00
•9:15 10:16, 11:46, , a. m.: < •1:45, 3:20. 4:15,
- 6:15. *ti:OO, d:35 p.m. ' ~ -
Extra trips for San ■ Rafael on Mondays, Wednes-
day* and Saturdays at 11 :30 P. M. ~ = ;
_ • ; : SUNDAYS. . •
.For Mill i. Valley and San Rafael-*8:00, »9:00,
•10:00.11:30 a. m.;**l2:3J. »l:30, *2:15. »4:00,
'5:30,6:45, 8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Saus&lUoat
11 :00 a. m. .•■■--;-• •.-■- ■
Trains marked; • run to San Quentin. ••12:30
p. M. does not run to Mill Valley... ■
■^, ■•;>; THROUGH TRAINS.
- For Point • Reyes ■? ana '-■■ way ' stations— 9 A. m.
Sundays.-::.;-;.. :,,... .-..-...-. ;■ ..' .-,. ■•;-..-.-: ..-
-•'» £°. r PoIn ' ' Reyes, Cazadero and way station!-*
• :00 a. m, Sundays; 1:45 r.M.' weekdays,SAW BOTH DEEDS
AND CONTRACTS,
Two Witnesses Testify
, Strongly for Mrs.
Craven.
COUNSEL OF SULLIVAN.
The Ex-Judge Cautioned the Fair
Litigant Against Marriage
by Agreement.
KNEW HIS CLIENT'S INTENT.
A Former Landlady of the School
Principal Contributes Valuable
Evidence.
It was only a side is.me in which tbe de
positions of ex-Jadge J. F. Sullivau and
Mrs. Sarah B. Johnson were taken in the
offices of De'mas <fc Shortridge yesterday,
but tne sworn statements of these two wit
nesses developed some of the most im
portant testimony yet brought to light in
the various ramifications of the great Fair
will litigation.
Ex-Judge Sullivan testified to the fact
that Mrs. Craven, as early as 1892, had
consulted him as to the character and
effect of a contract marriage; that she had
informed him of her contemplated, mar
riage by contract to Senator James G.
Fair, and that she had exhibited a paper
to him which he understood to be a con
tract of marriage between herself and
Senator Fair. He was not, however, pre
pared to make oath, he said, as to whether
this contract bore the signatures of the
parties or not He refused to state either
that it was signed or that it was not.
Mrs. Johnson not only testified that she
had seen the Fair-Craven contract of mar
riage, bnt that she bad seen the respective
signatures attached to tbe document She
also testified to private visits of the Sena
tor to Mrs. Craven while the iatter was at
tbe Colonial House, a boarding and lodg
ing house conducted by tho witness at the
of Pine and Jones streets.
Mrs. Craven, sac said, had made a con
fidant of her and had told tier of her
secret marriage to the millionaire, and had
a. so shown her the deeds to the properties
on Pine and Sansome streets and on Mis
sion and Eleventh streets. Mrs. Craven
had also told her of how she had induced
the Senator to leave 150,000 for the benefit
o: the school-teachers.
Altogether it was a day of congratula
tion for Mrs. Craven and the cross-exam
ination of tbe witnesses by the attorney
representing the opposing side failed to
mar the value of the testimony given in
the slightest degree.
These depositions were taken in the
case of James 8. Angus et al. vs. Nettie R.
Craven etai., in the suit brought by the
special administrators to quiet title to the
property covered by the deeds recently re
corded by Mrs. Craven's attorneys, and
by which Senator Fair conveyed "to that
lady th<* property on the corner of San
eome and Pine streets and that on Mission
and Eleventh streets.
D. M. Deimas oi Deimas & Shortridge
represented Mrs. Craven and William
Pierson of Pierson <fe Mitchell appeared on
behalf of the special administrators.
Ex-Judge Sullivan in response to ques
tions asked by Mr. Deimas stated that he
is 45 years of age and a resident of San
Francisco since December, 1S61; that he is
a Jawyer by profession; has been practic
ing since June 10. 1374, and that he was
admitted to the bar in January of that
year. He added that he was elected a Su
perior Judge in September, 1879, taking
office on the firsi Monday in January,
1880, and that he held that office during
portions of three terms, until August,
wnen he resigned and resumed the
practice of his profession. He further
Etated that he was still in practice and is
now the senior member of the nrm of Sul
livan <fc Sullivan.
Tbe examination was then continued as
follows:
"Do you know the defendant, Nettie E.
Craven?"
"I do."
'How long have you known her?"
ice 1878, I think it is. I know it
was during my term as a member of the
Board of Education of this City that 1
met her. I was then introduced to her, or
she was introduced to me, Dy a letter of
introduction from William P. Dainger
field, at that time a District Judge sitting
in this County."
'After you had resigned from the bench
in 1889, did you at any time act profes
sionally as tbe legal adviser or attorney
for Mrs. Craven?"
'Idid?"
'Commencing in wuat year, if you re
member?'
•I think in 1300. It was either in the
latter part of IS?9 or along in the year
I*9o. 1 think it was in 1890, in connection
with the guardianship of iier daughter."
Witness then told of the different cases
in which he acted as .the legal representa
tive of Mrs. Craven, and the further ex-,
animation elicited the following:
"Do you remembar, Jadge, while you
■were thus acting as the le^al adviser and
attorney of Mrs. Craven wn ether she ever
consulted you in any way about a contem
plated marriage with Senator James G.
Fair?"
"I remember that she did."
"Will you please state the whole of the
consultations, as you recall them."
"Mrs. Craven said to mo on one occa
sion, tbe date of which I cannot remem
ber, but I think it was in 1892, that Sena
tor Fair desired her to enter into a mar
riage contract with him. She wished to
know from me if contract marriages were
valid. I told her that that was a matter
that hod engaged some very serious
thought among the members of the bar
and seme divided judgments among tbe
members of the bench in this State; that,
us I considered, of th* two decibions which
had been made in the Sharon case, the
second or later oae on appeal from tbe
order denying a new trial was
at variance with the first. I told her
that contract marriages were danger
ous things and uncertain and aiffi
cult to establish, and I advised her
against entering into any such relation
ship, and she wanted to know if any par
ticular form was requisite in an agree
ment or contract of marriage. I told her
nothing further than to show that each
party deliberately took tbe other to be his
and "her spouse; that no set form of
phraseology was requisite for that, inso
far as the agreement should be a part of
the marriage; any form that would show
that each party took the other for the
husband or wife would be sufficient. My
recollection of tbe matter is not confined
to a particular date. My recollection is
that Mrs. Ciaven spoke to me on several
occasions, twice or three time!, and some
of these matters may have been stated
at one time or at another during
these conferences. I would say fur
ther, in this connection, that my
recollection of particular dates and
occurrences at this time is affected by the J
fact that I was then, unfortunately for
f, unduly active in political matter.-, :
nayinz, perhaps, more attention to those i
thing* tnan I was to my business. So for
that reason I cannot recollect dates par
ticularly, and I have amoDg my books and
papers no memoranda by which I can fix
the date. In one of the talks that Mrs.
Craven had with me she asKed me whether
it was necessary that the contract mar
riage should be acknowledged. I told her
that in my opinion acknowledgment be
fore a notary was not requisite to an
agreement or contract of marriage; that
the law made no provision directly
upon than subject; "but that in view
of the uncertainty and danger that at
tends contracts and agreements of that
kind, it was a matter of paramount im
portance to her, if she could have it, to
have the paper acknowledged before an
officer, because ati evidence of that ac
knowledgement would tend toward the
establishment of that agreement, if made,
and would be in aid of her owntestimony
and in support of the contract."
"Did she at that time, Judge, exhibit to
you what purported to be a marriage con
tract between her and Senator Fair?"
Mr. Pierson objected to this question as
being leading, but the witness replied
nevertheless as follows:
•'She did either at that time or at a subse
quent time. She did *t one of these talks
or conferences exhibit to me a paper in the
form of an agreement of marriage between
her and Senator Fair."
Mr. Pierson insisted on his objection and
Mr. Deimas then put his question in the
following form:
"I will ask you then whether at any of
these conversations Mrs. Craven exhibited
to you any papers?"
"Mrs. Craven did exhibit to me atone of
these talks a paper writing."
"Can yon state from your recollection
what tr/at paper was or purported to be?"
"The paper in question purported to be
an agreement, a short statement, 'I agree
to take Nettie R. Craven to be my wife,'
or something to that effect, 'and I take ]
James G. Fair to be my husband.' My
impression at this time is that she wished
to know if tuat was sufficient in form; if i
that was a proper form."
"Do you have any recollection whether
that paper was signed, or purported to be
signed by either of the parties?' 1
"That is a matter upon which my mind
is not clear. The matter that was on my |
EX-JUDGE J. F. SULLIVAN.
j mihd, for the purpose of advising her, was ]
I to satisfy her that any form by which !
; each party distinctly stated that he or she
j took tbe other was sufficient, and the
| further matter as to whether or not a pa
per of that kind, to be effective as such,
required acknowledgment. My mind is
not clear now on tbe proposition as to
whether tbe paper was or was no: signed.
I couldn't say that it was; I can't say that
it was not."
"Did she in that connection, Judge, in
asking you your advice and directions,
make mention of Senator Fair?"
"She did."
"What did she say?"
"Well, I knew from her statement at
that time, or at another time, or from the
paper itself, tbat the intended marriage ;
contract waa to be between her and
Senator Fair. Whether she stated to me
that at that time or whether it was read
to me from the paper at tbat time I do not
now recollect. Of course this matter was
over four years ago and I made no mem- ,
orandnm. I did uot prepare the paper." j
"What I intend to direct your attention )
to particularly is whether in that conver
■fttJon, when she showed you the paper
and spoke about an acknowledgement, i
she made mention of a meeting thereafter j
to bt had between her and Senator Fair?" !
"She did."
"Will you please state what she said."
"She said tbat she was in a hurry about ,
it because she had an appointment to meet
the party and had to act hurriedly."
"Was that the last conversation that i
you recall having had upon that subject,
touching the marriage, in the year 1892,
with Mrs. Craven?"
"That is the last conversation- In that j
connection, occurring during that year :
that I now recall. I have an impression
that these talks occurred at about the .
time that Mrs. Craven was actively en
gaged in preparing a public entertainment ;
by the children of her school. It was
about tbe time of tbe closing of the
schools. 1 think the schools were closed |
In the latter part of May."
This closed the direct examination by j
Mr. Deimas, who turned the witness over •
to Mr. P.erson.
Under cross-examination the witness !
stated that these interviews extended over
t period of about two months, dating :
from the first talk upon the subject. Wit- J
ness further stated that the handwriting '
of tbe body of the marriage contract tub- j
mitted to him was tbat of Mrs. Craven, I
and tbat no one was present except dim- I
self and Mrs. Craven when thia paper was i
shown him.
Mr. Pierson then asked this significant
question:
"Did you understand tbat the paper ex- j
hihited to you was some executed docu
ment of a marriage that had been con
summated or was only a proposed mar- ;
riage contract?"
To this the witness cautiously replied:
"That would involve, I suppose, the i
question whether or not the paper at tbat
time bore the signatures of both parties.
As to whether it was an executed contract
or not I have endeavored to refresh my {
recollection. I have talked with counsel
about it and I have talked with Mrs.
Craven about it, to see if I could fix in my
mind an impression to enable me to say
under oath just exactly what the fact's j
were in that connection. 1 desire to stats the j
facts as fully as I car. recall them, a:id the !
condition oi my mind on that subject is
just exactly as I have stated it to Mr. Del
mas- I can't say that I have a distinct
impression on my mind in regard to that
question — whether or not there were on
tbat paper the signatures of Air. Fair and
Mrs. Craven at that time; neither can I
pay that they were not there. I have an ;
impression on my mind that she was
about to see him and that the matter of !
tbe acknowledgement of tbe paper was a
pending matter, and that she left nsy of
fice intending to see him and take some
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
further action with reference to tnat paper
in the matter of acknowledgement."
"She bad been consulting you in those
three or more interviews with a view to a
projected marriage, had she not?" asked
Mr. Pierson.
"She had talked with me of an intended
marriage or suggested marriage," replied
the witness.
"She had not consulted you as to the
validity of an existing marriage, had
she?'
"My recollection is that it was a con
templated marriage. ''
This concluded Judge Sullivan's ex
amination, and Mrs. Sarah B. Johnson,
who conducts the Colonial House, at the
corner of Jones and Pine streets, was
called.
Mrs. Johnson is a middle-aged lady
with the demeanor and repose of one
accustomed to refined society. She was
neatly and elegantly attired, and in excel
lent taste. Her testimony was given with
a deliberation and self-possession that
added great weight to its value.
StM stated that she had lived at the
Colonial House for eleven or twelve years;
that she had been a resident of the State
since 1859. and tbat she had assumed con
trol of the Colonial on the Ist of August,
1891.
•■Do you know Mrs. Craven?" asked Mr.
Deimas.
"I bave known her since either 1876 or
1877. I met her first in Oakland. We
were both living there," answered the lady.
"Are you intimate friends ?"
"You opened the Colonial in 1891?"
"Five years ago on the Ist of August.
Mrs. Craven was a boarder there wnen 1
opened the house. She continued there
until the last of November. She was ill
during that time. 1 procured a nurse for
her. She was so ill that sne drafted her
will, Judge Sullivan acting for her. I
never saw Senator Fair at my house dur
ing this time. I know that he cailed only
from the nurse, Mrs. Cossack."
"Are there one or more entrances to
your house?"
"Two — the main entrance on Pine street
and the side entrance on Jones street.
Mr?. Craven's room was at the bead of the
side stairs leading into the main hall.
When Mr?. Craven sa:d she was corning
back to my house to board I said I would
netc t approve of Senator Fair visiting her in
my house."
•'Wijen was this conversation?"
"A year after she left the house."
'You had made no remonstrance to her
when she was in your Louse before?' 1
"JFo; I did cot know of her relation to
him."
"After she left your house, did Mrs. Cra
ven come to your house and spend the ;
night?"
"Yes. She always slept in my room
with me on these occasions."
•'Did you speak to her of a marriage
betwean her and Senator Fair?"
"She told me she had a marriage con
tract with him. She showed me the paper,
which she was in the habit of carrying in
a little black satchel. I told her this wes
careless. I didn't read the paper. She
read part of it to me. I don't remember i
the exact substance of it. I saw this paper I
a number of times. Once she thought she
had lost it. She used to put it under her
pillow."
"What did she say of the non-publicity
of the marriaze contract?"
"I urged her to have it recorded. She
said neither of them wished to have it
public; th3t they were going abroad as
soon as they arranged their affairs. I told
her that I did not approve of marriage
contracts."
"It was after this she wanted to be a
boarder at your house again?"
'•Yes. She never returned as a boarder
again/
"Did you see enough of the paper to see
whether it was signed or not?"
"Yea. She showed me the signatures,
in different handwritings."
"In the conversation with her was any
thin. t' said about a provision for her sup
port?"
"When Senator Fair became ill, she said
Senator Fair was a much sicker man than
people thought; that he was going to give
her property which would provide for her
for life, and net cause any publicity after
his death. She came to my house one
day and said that Senator Fair made his
will at her house when she was living on
California street. She said he would deed i
her property, but she would not be named
in the will. That conversation took place
on the Sacramento-street car one morning
when I was going to Tiburon. She said
he had deeded to her the property;on San
some and Pine strsets and on Mission and
Eleventh."
"What did she tell you of the deeds he
gave her? '
"She showed them to me one night. I
asked her why she did not have them re
corded. I did not open the deeds. They
were folded as deeas usnally are and Had
the appearance of deeds."
"When you remonstrated with her on
the secrecy of her marriage, did you
speak to her of what would happea if he
should die?"
"She said in that case she would be ail
right."
"She said that a clause for the teachers
had Deen put in his will?"
"She said that she had urged him to
leave them $30,000."
"When did she show you these deeds?"
"I aon't remember. It was before his
death."
"Did yon see enough of these deeds to
know if they were acknowledged or not?"
"I did not."
Mr. Pierson here took cp the cross-ex
amination.
"How do you remember the date Mrs.
Craven left the bouse?"
"She had a dispute with one of the
ladies about a party to occur on Thanks
giving, and she leit in consequence of this
dispute."
"Why were you surprised at Senator
Fair visitine Mrs. Crayen 7"
"She knew that I didn't approve of her
friendship with Senator Fair."
"What'was there improper in his visit
ing your house? '
"I knew that he had not a good reputa
tion."
"Some time within a year after she left
she told you she bad a marriage contract
with Senator Fair?"
"Yes. I don't remember she exact
date."
"When did she apply to you to come
back to your house?'
"More than a year after sh* left.
"Why did you object to Senator Fair's
visiting her if she was married to him?"
"It was not public. The world did not
know it."
"Where was she living at that time?"
"She went to a flat on Butter street."
"Was she living there when she wanted
to come back?"
"I don't know."
"She was teaching all that timer'
''Bhe has been teaching ever since I nave
known her."
"Can you tell the time when^ she showed
the marriage contract to you?"
"No."
"Was the paper that she produced
folded?"
"Yes. It was almost 8 square package.
It was not in an envelope, and had the ap
| pearance of being soiled. I saw the two
i signatures. It was the first time I had
seen Senator Fair's writing. She did not
show me tbe deeds until long after, a few
months Defore Mr. Fair's death."
"How were tney folded?"
"In a double fold, like ordinary deeds.
They were not in envelopes. They were
fresh, but showed heavy creases. "I saw
some writing on the back of the deeds, but
! I did not notice them. She showed them
to me in my room on going to bed."
"How many times did she stay with you
that w»yt"
"More than ten times and less than a
hundred."
"Why did she come?"
'Naturally, I suppose, because she cared
to see me."
"When was it that you asked her if Mr.
Fair had made any provision for her?"
"That was a year or a year and a half
before his death."
"She told you that Senator Fair was
going to deed' her some property?"
"Yes."
"When did she sar that he had deeded
it to her?"
"I think it was about three or four
months before his death."
"How do you fix that time?"
"I remember it was after I had the con
versation with her on the streetcar. That
I know was in tbe fall of 1894."
"How did she happen to show you those
deeds ?''
"As she undressed she took them out of
ber bosom. That was only a short time
before Senator Fair's death. It might
have been six or eight weeks."
"Do you know Senator Fair."
"I spoke to him only once."
"Did you ever see tbe Senator at her
hou-e?' 7
"No."
"Did she tell any one else of the mar
riage contract?"
"I don't know. She told it as a secret."
"Have you ever mentioned the subject
of this marriage contract to any one?"
"Not until after it was mentioned in the
papers."
"Have you spoken to Mrs. Craven in re
gard to your testimony?"
"No."
This end»d the deposition of Afrs.
Johnson and the proceedings for the day.
WASHINGTON ALL RIGHT
Ex-Superior Judge Hunter Says
It Will Go Republican
by 15,000.
He Thinks Oregon Will Also Go Re
pub ican— Jlany Voters Are
Changin? Over. .
Ex-Superior Judge E. F. Hunter of
Lewis County, Washington, whose home
is at Chehalis, is at the Grand. Ihe
Judge was formerly a Californian and re
sided twenty years in Tuolumne County.
Then he returned to Ohio and resided
eighteen years in Fairfield County and at
Chilicothe. In IS3S he moved to Wash
ington and has be«n there e?er since.
He is now here on legal business in con
nection with the settlement of claims
against tbe firm of Holbrooks, Grigg &
Doenbucber, who formerly owned a large
furniture factory at Cbehalis and had a
storage-house on Mission street. Some of
the firm owned a bank at Chehalis, which
lately failed. The bouse owed the bank,
the Judge says. $27,500.
Asked as to how Washington would go
politically he said:
'■If you ask for my personal opinion I
will tell you I think it will go for McKin
ley by i 5,000 majority. I bave talked
lately with a good many men formerly
Republicans wbo in recent years have
been acting with the Populists. They
have got around to a point where they
say they won't do it any longer. They
think it has been a scheme to ruin the Re
publican party. Western Washington
will, in my judgment, go Republican by a
large majority, and I believe it will be the
same all over the State.
"As to Oregon, I think that is all right,
too. I believe it will po Republican."
Judge Hunter will be here for several
days in connection with his business. He
says business is very dull in Washington.
LEROY HARVEY'S TRIM,
The Mother of the Prosecuting
Witness Corroborates Her
Testimony.
Officers of the Company Testify That
He Had the Stock Transferred
en the Books.
The trial of Leroy G. Harvey, stock
broker, charged with the embezzlement of
seventy-five shares of stock of the Oakland
Gas Licht and Heat Company, the prop
erty of Miss Maud Smith, was on before
Judge Babrs yesterday. The mother of
the prosecuting witness corroborated the
testimony of her daughter, to the effect
that the stock was transferred to Harvey
upon his personal and earnest solicitation,
tbat he might appear as a man of means
in the eyes cf certain Eastern capitalists,
witb whom tie was to have tome impor
tant business dealings.
A. F. Eastland, assistant secretary of
the Oakland Gas Light and Heat Com
pany, testified tbat Harvey came to the
San Francisco office of the company, and,
presenting the certificate given him by
Miss Smith in blank, asked to have tbe
shares transferred to him on the booss of
the company. The indorsement was made.
The prosecution claims that this shows
the criminal intent of the defendant.
J. A. Briton, secretary of the company,
was called for the purpose of showing thut
Harvey had sold the stock as chargeo. Mr.
Briton was not in court, and an adjourn
ment was taken uutil this morning, when
be will be required to tell his story.
Poddlers' Assistant*
Twenty more cases against peddlers' asslst
nts, charged with peddling without a license
were dismissed by Justice of the Peace Carroll
jeiterdty. They were represe-.ted by Attor
neys McGregor and Kenny, who took the
ground thai it was not necessary for the assist
ants of a licenced peddler to Uk« oat a license, j
FAMOUS TEXAS OFFICERS,
Marshal Ware and Attorney
Cuibertson Pay a Visit
to This City.
The Work of the Rangers and the
Condition of Politics in the
Lon? St3r State.
Unitej! States Attorney Robert N. Cui
bertson of the western district of Texas
and Colonel R. C. Ware, Pnited States
Marshal of the same district, both with
headauarter? at San Antonio, arrived here
yesterday and are at the Grand. Mr. Cdl
bertson is the son of Congressman D. B.
Cuibertson and brother of Governor C.
A. Cuibertson of Texas. Tbe gentlemen
brought up a Chinese for deportation.
Colonel Ware, wbo for three years past
has been United States Marshal, reigns
j over the largest district in the United
I States. It reaches clear to the Rio Grande
and includes the valleys of the Pecos,
Brazos and other rivers. It also takes in
the famous Staked Plains of Texas. It is
largely in this region that the Texas
rangers are employed for tbe protection of
frontier settlers against desperate out
laws.
"That part of Texas is now pretty
quiet," said Marsnal Ware iast night.
"We don't have the trouble that we used
to have. The country has changed a good
deal. Ido not have anything to do with
the Texas Rangers, as they are not under
Federal, but State authority. I think
there are only two or three companies of
them now, with about fifteen men in each
company.
"How'will Texas go politically? It will
be for silver. There Is no doubt about
that. Yes, we have some gold Democrats
tb*»re."
Marshal Ware was for twelve years a
Sheriff in Texas. He had many thrilling
experiencei in the earlier days of Texas,
; and is one of the best-known officials in
i tbe Lone Star State.
He and Mr. Cuibertson will be hei« for
several days. It is their first trip to
California.
• ♦ • .
The finest emerald in Europe belongs to
the Czar of Ranis.
SEW TO-DAT.
A Wonderful Medicine
P PI LLS
I For Bilious and Nervous dlsorders^uch as Wind
and Pain In the Stomach. Sick Headache, Giddi- j
ness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizzi- j
ness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills, ■ Flushings of
Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Cos-
tlveness, Blotches on the Skin, Disturbed Sleep,
I Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Tremb-
I ling Sensations, *c.', when these symptoms are
J caused by constipation, as most of them are.
I THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY
MINUTES. This Is no fiction. Every sufferer Is
earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Pills I
and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
- BEECH ATI'S PILLS, taken as directed,
will quickly restore Females tocomplete health.
They promptly remove obstructions or irregu-
larities of the system. For a
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
they act like magic— a few doses will work woo.
ders upon the Vital Organs; strengthening the
muscular system, restoring the long-lost com-
plexion, bringing back the keen edge of appe-
{ tite, . and arousing with the Rosebud of
Health the whole physical energy of
the human frame. These are facts admitted by
thousands, In all classes of society, and one of
the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debili-
tated is that Beecham'B Pill* have the
Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine
in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL.
j Annual Sales more than 6,000,000 Boxes
I 2*c. at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. 8.
j Agents. B. F. ALLEN CO., 365 Canal St., New
Xork, poet paid, upon receipt of price. Book
tree -upon application.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the acre in the treatment of all Chronic
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women. S - -
I>i««oase«* of you ii jr. middle,
aged and old . men > which weaken
the body and tbe brain. "causing ner-
vous . debility in ; all rite -distressing
forms, such as drains which sap the vital-
ity, weak and failing- manhood, aching
back > and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and . untimely death,
positively,* permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany with his new. treatment
which is the "result of years of study,
practice and experience. .. -J v
Heart, Brain, IVerres and
Blood. If you have a dizziness of the
bead and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a • tired,
irritable,' discontented feeling and fear, of
impending danger or death. ■ a dread jof
being alone or the reverse; if your ; mem- j
ory is failing and you are gloomy." and de-
spondent rind feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious diseaso of
the nerve 3. brain, heart and "olood. -j. You
have no time to lose. Call at I once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Diseases
of Women '. scientifically , treated and
invariably cured. : v^ .--;;..- ~ , . — "i
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome ; to ; his ) professional services
: freer A-"' ■■' '■'■".- : : '-Z :'■:,.'■ ■- ' ■■ ■;■' ■^,- : S:,".] ■
Yon can l»c cared at home.
"Write | your troubles |if living | away from
the city ; and : are "unable 'to [call, : Letters
are answered in English," German. French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
• ' Correspon Jence. : v strictly' ; confidential. .
Book. "Guide to Health," sent fres on ap-
plication./ Address . ; .. ":
fin F I Qb/PIHV 737 Market St.
lin. I. L. OffCAnlf Saa Francisco, CaL \
»— —
COSIVTOPOIjITAN.
Opposite^ U. H. ' Mint, ■ 100 ■ »nd 102 fifth St., San
Francisco, Cat.— most . select* f»mll» fcotel in ;
; the city. Board and room 1, SI 25 and $1 50 per ;
day, according -to room. Meals 25c , Booms • 300
and 75c a day. .. free coach to and from the : noceL .
i Loon for the coacJj . bearing th» name of the Cos- '
mopoluaa Hotel. .; WJd. *'AH£Y, Proprietor, i Jt
KEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.'
A ClliG-OIITSALE
— ; r— O3E» ■ -—
EXTRAORDINARY MAGNITUDE!
$300,000 Worth
~ ' ' ' ' ■ " ■■ ' ■ " "'■ ; *> '
DRY HS I! GOODS
I
_ — _ -^aL-u-xj— — - — -— - .
CLOAKS
TO BE SACRIFICED!
II FEW OF THE PRODIGIOUS BARGAINS
, , INCLUDED IH THIS WEEK'S OFFERINGS!
DOMESTICS, WASH GOODS, ETC.
At- Zp YARD I THE HEAVY-GRADE TENNIS FLANNELS, full assortment,.
Jxv OKj »- I all new and serviceable.
Kj- An YARD I SHIRTING CALICOES, the full standard cloth, Urge lint of
ilu rtxj ■ I colorings. ■
At- Kn YARD j WIDE-WIDTH HEAVY PERCALES (light grounds only), about
JA.I) Olj I 25 pieces in all (were 10c).
At 1C YARD I YARD-WIDE FRUIT OF THE LOOM MUSLIN, soft finish.
\+ Z n YARD I GOOD GRADE WHITE SHAKER FLANNEL; also UN.
Al 00 I BLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, nice grade.
A-f S)(\ n YARD I BLEACHED TABLE DAMASK, well made and durable (a
I B.L £.\JVj _ -I great bargain).
A f Af\ o YARD !50 pieces EXTRA HEAVY CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 60 '
-At ttv/U — 1 inches wide; a close, solid weave (was 60c).
A + ©/I -50 PAIR 1 2 cases SLIGHTLY IMPERFECT HIGH-GRADE LAMBS'
iAt $-k — — — . | WOOL WHITE BLANKET (value for $7.50).
! 4+ ©1- 60 EACH I 2 cases 12-4 HEAVY ENGLISH MARSEILLES SPREADS,
J\.v epl — " I already hemmed, in several new patterns (value $250).
A+ KXn PAIR ! 4 cases 10-4 WHITE BLANKETS, nice and fluffy, well made
AL Dob _ 1 (were ?1). - V
A x A 1 /* YARD I GOOD GRADE TWILLED CRASH, Irish ' Linen, well made
AL Oitr I value for 10c. ' ■ ■
li Ap YARD ; TWILLED COTTON BLEACHED TOWELING, a nice fabric—
;At rrv I and serviceable.
T?VTI"P A Q!T>T?r<T A T A laree accumulation of Remnants of FINE AND
HiAIXIA iJJL JLLdLAJLJ. MEDIUM TABLE DAMASKS to be placed on sale
at large reductions.
HANDKERCHIEFS AND LACES!
• . • -<3k-t S Cents Eacli.
LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED LAWN HANDKERCHIEFS, plain and with'
open work corner and initial, worth $1 20 per dozen, will be closed out at 5c each. . '
.A.t 12 1 ! Cents i A "S"AX>dL.
CAMBRIC, NAINSOOK AND SWISS GUIPURE EMBROIDERY, regular price 200
and 25c, will be closed out at I2}4c a yard.
-A-t 15 Cents a, Tard.
BUTTER AND TWO-TONED POINT d'IRLANDE LACE, 6, 7 and 8 inches wide,
regular price 30c, 40c and 50c, will be closed out at 15c a yard.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.
At 5 O Cents.
LADIES* WAISTS, made of good quality percale, in all fancy shades, latest style
goods, with bishop sleeves, worth $1 and SI 25. will be closed out at 50c each.
At 75 Cents.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy lawns and percales, latest styles. laundered col-
lar and cuffs, regular price $1.50 and $1 75, will be closed out at 75c each.
' -A.t 61. 00.
LADIEB' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in dimities, lawns and striped and fig.
ured percales, this season's goods, regular price $2 and $2 50, will be closed out at
$1 each. ' - - '
RIBBONS AND PARASOLS!
. \A.t : 'S •' Cents. ' ."'■ ;' "
NO. 7 ALL-SILK EXTRA QUALITY COLORED SATIN AND GROS-GEAIN
RIBBON, in assorted colors, will be closed out at 5c a yard.
.£Lt SO Cents. * *
CARRIAGE PARASOLS (unlined), in black only, will be closed out at 50c, worth |L
At 73 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in black only (unlined), worth $1 25, will be closed oat
at 75c.
MEN'S FURNISHING GOODS !
At lO Cents.
110 dozen LARGE-SIZE LINEN CAMBRIC COLORED BORDER HEMSTITCHED
HANDKERCHIEFS, warranted fast colors, regular price ?2 a dozen, will be closed
out at 10c each.
At IB Cents.
120 dozen LADIES' AND GENTS' ALL-SILK REVERSIBLE FOUR-IN-HAND
- TIES, in light, dark and medium colors, regular price 25c, will be closed out at 15c.
: \v At : SO : Cents. \
65 dozen "EUREKA MILLS" RANDOM WOOL s UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAW-
ERS, shirts made with silk-tape \ bound neck, drawers with long French-ribbed
ankles and taped seams, regular price $2 a suit, will be closed out at 50c a garment.
HOSIERY AND CORSETS !
At IBM Cents.
93 dozen CHILDREN'S BLACK RIBBED >, SEAMLESS COTTON HOSE, double
heels and toes, fast black, regular price 20c will be closed oat at 12}£c a pair.
HBS9BSRB -A.t 2O Cents. .
75 dozen LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, high-spliced heels, '
:A ■ double soles and toes, Hermsdorf black, regular value $4 per dozen, will be . closed
.: out at 20c a pair. - .
_ At 6O Cents.'.;
75 dozen LADIES' SATEEN CORSETS, extra long waist, high bust, two side steels
each side, guaranteed perfect fitting, regular price $1, will be closed out at 60c.
LADIES' KID GLOVES !
- A.t , SO Cents. : ■ : -.•
300 dozen 5-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in black, regular value $1, will be dosed oat at
50c a pair. ;• '.. . "',.•• -':'--:. ■■ ; "';■...•,- -, ; .- ■■-- ■■■•: v *' .^ : ■ .-. ■
WBKBSr' ■ '' *•= ' : - -<a.t 75 ■" Cents. : ■•. ' ■ - ■■|3WWfflWPiPw^
300 dozen 4-BUTTON ENGLISH WALKING KID GLOVES, embroidered backs,
colors navy, red, brown, tan and mode, also black, regular value $125, will be
closed out at 75c a pair. WBUSsS%S : --'- - - : :
fgt/gP^ MTOFHY BUXLDXZfOk /
(/(/ Ml\\ strnl cum of J0110& /
910
Five of the Cups Which Are Offered This Year by the Horse Show Association of the Pacific Coast.
WANT IDLE CM
TRACKS TORN UP,
Wheelmen Discuss Radical
Ways to Improve
the City.
NEW LEAGUE'S PLANS.
Nominees Must Declare For
Reforms to Get the Cyclers'
Votes.
WHEELS MUST GO AS BAGGAGE
Good Pavements and General Good
Government to Be Aimed for by
the Riders.
The recently formed Wheelmen's Munic- '
Ipal League met last night at the head
quarters of the San Francisco Road Club,
503 Golden Gate avenue, and took steps cal- |
culated ultimately to make the power of
the cyclers felt as a great political force in
this City. All the large cycling clubs of
San Francisco were represented.
Tne league will work as a strictly non
partisan organization, bent on securing
not only smooth pavements and impartial
legislation, but good government in all the
branches of municipal business.
That article in the constitution provid
ing for an executive committee of nine
members to transact executive business
was stricken out by a vote of the meeting.
J. S. Conwall, chairman of the execu
tive committee, presented a report em
bodying the following recommendations:
First— That the Wheelmen's Municipal
League indorse only such nominees for the
State Senate and Assembly as will pledge
themselves to support a bill declaring the
bicycle to be baggage.
Second— Tbat the committee be empowered to
invite each nominee in the Assembly and Sen- .
atorial districts of the City and County of San
Francisco to appear before the executive com
mittee of the Wheelmen's Municipal League
and express himself as to the Armstrong bill
and all other measures of interest to wheel
men.
Third— That the Wheelmen's Municipal
Loegue endeavor to secure the nomination
and election of such municipal officers as will
be of benefit to wheelmen.
Fourth— That the executive committee be
empowered to nominate officers, such nomi
nations to be subject to the confirmation of
the association, and that it be the object of
the league to secure the indorsement of these
nominees by the nominating conventions,
such nominations to be consistent with the
decision of the Supreme Court in the case
now pending.
When the report was taken up for dis
cussion only the first clause, that in regard
to legislation declaring the bicycle to be
baggage, was adopted, and the other mat
ters were reserved for future consideration.
W. L. Maule, chairman of the committee
on additional membership and credentials,
advised as to the methods to be pursued
in enlisting the co-operation of the many
hundreds of cyclers not attached to any of
the clubs. The report as a whole was
adoDted.
T. B. McGinnis for the "finance and aud
iting committee submitted a report rec
ommending that the league work for the
passage of the Armstrong bill declaring
bicycles baggage; appeal to political
parties and not to individual candi
dates; to secure pledges from po
litical parties to have new, smooth
pavements laid wher > old basalt and cob
ble pavements are now being repaired at
considerable expense; to strive to have all
street railway franchises forfeited where
the tracks are not used and to have the
tracks removed and such streets put in re
pair; to demand an immediate change in
the plans and specifications of street work
as now performed; to strive to have the
park lighted by electricity, perhaps em
ploying, and at small expense, the power
ful machinery already in use for pumping
jmrposes during tne daytime; and to show
tiie puolic that the league is working not
only for good streets, but for good govern
ment generally.
It was also suggested that inasmuch as
San Francisco is already well covered with
streetcar lines, all streets not now covered
by a franchise be forever preserved from
the introduction of tracks and be main
tained as smooth driveways.
The management of the Mechanics'
Institute Fair sent word that Friday,
September 4, has been set aside as bicycle
night. Chairmau Frank H. Kerrigan
accordingly appointed the following com
mittee to take charge of the programme
lor that evening: H. F. Wynne, J. W.
McGuire and W. B. Faucett.
Among the reasons assigned by the
officials of the Southern Pacific for im
posing a tariff on bicycles crossing the
terries and to near-by points is that they
are subjected to frequent and annoyinely
small demands for damages to bicycles
injured in transit, and the idea of charg
ing for the transportation of wheels is to
indemnify the company for these claims.
When this excuse of the monopoly was
brought to the attention of a gentleman
who has been in the habit of frequently
using Huntington's trains to return from
bicycle trips he expressed surprise that
such a flimsy and peculiar excuse should
be put forward to justify what he terms a
bit of petty and absolutely unjustifiable
imposition.
"Few wheelmen who take a train back
from a point like San Jose," he said, "care
about twenty-five cents additional ex
pense, but they will resist this tax to tne
utmost of their power, not for the saving
they expect to effect, but owing to the
gross imposition that they consider this
proposed charue to be. Personally, I con
sider this departure of the Southern
Pacific Company a very impolitic one and
one that will occasion a loss of revenue
instead of ah increase. It will also add to
tha unpopular sentiment existing in
reference to this corporation. They would
have done much better, both pecuniarily
and politically, had they, instead of im
posing additional annoyance on wheel
men, arranged their baggage-cars so that
wheels would be properly cared for durine
transportation. As they run things now,
the wheels are tumbled into the baggage
car just as if they were bales and boxes of
freight, and no wheel that is once
entrusted to the mercy of a Southern
Pacific baggagemaster ever comes back to
its owner without being scarred and
scratched, if not actually damaged.
"If they would only provide racks or
hooks so that bicycles could be safely
stored in a car, few, if any, would demur
to paying a small additional fee for the
carriage of wheels, but they could well
afford to provide such accommodations
and not change a cent for the transporta
tion of bicycles, for such a move would
so popularize the" road that the increased
patronage would soon more than recoup
the small expense entailed, and every one
who rides a wheel would call them blessed
instead of cursing them, as is now the case.
"But the most outrageous thing in this
new move is to charge for carrying wheels
across the ferries and to ths terminals of
the local trains to Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley. This entails no extra expense
on the company, nor does it impose any
additional labor on the employes con
nected with the ferry or train service.
Whoever has had occasion to bring his bi
cycle from one side of the bay to the other
knows that he carries tufl machine aboard
the ferry steamer and leaves it wherever
he can find a convenient place, and that
he has to load it into ahd unload it from
the bangage-car without even the proffer
of iiid from conductor, bnikenian or bag
gageman, though one or the other may be
looking on and grinning with gratification
over the awkward efforts of the inexpe
rienced wheelman to perform the duty
that properly belongs to a trainman.
"General Hubbard, when he was out
here, expressed surprise at the unpopu
larity of the Southern Pacific Company in
this State. This latest development would
be an object lesson that would open his
eyes on the subject. Here is an instance
where everything was being done to in
commode and annoy patrons of the road
who use a wheel, and when complaint is
made, instead of seeking to remedy the
evils complained of, the sore is made to
smart the more by a new imposition and
a new source of aggravation.
:I So far as lam personally concerned,
their action will prove a source of loss to
them. We are usually a Darty of seven or
eight on a Sunday, and we generally bring
up at San Jose. Hereafter instead of re
turning by the Southern Pacific train to
San Francisco, we will ride to Alviso, and
there take the boat to the City, and we
shall give our patronage, as far as possible,
to the roads which" operate in Marin
County. The roads there are good and
the railroads are accommodating."
GRAND ARMY CAMPERS,
The Pacific Coast Veterans De
parted for St. Paul Last
Evening.
San Francisco Msy Have the Old
Soldiers in 1898— Past Hospitality
Not Forgotten.
Representatives from the Department of
California to tbe Thirtieth National En
campment, Grand Army of the Republic,
which will be held this year at St. Paul,
Minn., took their departure last evening
on the 7 o'clock train by way of Portland.
The party consisted of Department Com
mander T. C. Masteller, Comrades T. K.
Stateler, John P. Roberts of San Fran
cisco ;J.N. Guinn, A. H. Johnson, Ed
ward W. Clark and wife, Los Angeles;
Commander Turn bull, Atkinson and
Smith of Oakland ; H. H. Richmond of
Auburn ; D. H. Coats and wife of Camp
bells, and J. D. Barnett of Santa Rosa.
At Portland the California representa
tives will be joined by the commander of
the Department of Oregon, his staff and
others; at Spokane by those from the
department of Washington, and at Hope
by the delegation from Idaho. The Mon
tana representatives will augment the
Pacific Coast delegation at Butte, the
whole forming an unusually large body
of representative veterans.
The encampment will open on Monday
next and continue until Friday, Septem
ber 4. The headquarters of the Pacific
Coast veterans will be in Stee's block.
Some time '&co the posts in Southern
California determined to appeal to the
National Encampment (his year to
authorize a division of two departments
in this State. This feeling has been over
come, and the project of the Southern
California veterans has been aabndoned.
There will be a strong contest for su
premacy between the East and West for
commander- in - chief. Comrade T. S.
Clarkson of Nebraska is tbe only candi
date of prominence from the West, while
Eastern comrades will put forward Com
rades D. R. Ballou of Rhode Island and
John R. Lineiian of Connecticut. An
other candidate may be Rear- Admiral
Richard W. Meade, U. S. N., retired, who
is being strongly advocated by Lafayette
Post No. 140 oi New York City.
Another important matter to be decided
is the question where the encampment for
next year will be held. Buffalo and Balti
more are roost prominent in the battle,
but no matter which place is selected*
there is a general desire on the part of
Eastern and Southern posts to hold the
encampment for 1898 in San Francisco
the generous hospitality of her people in
1886 being still in their minds.
• — ♦ — » _
Of the 51.000 breweries estimated to be
in the world 26,000 are in Germany.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
PRIZE COPS FOR
THE HORSE SHOW
A .Number of New and
Beautiful Trophies Are
Donated.
ONE CUP IS JEWELED.
Inducements Are Now Offered
for Pacific Coast Bred
Horses.
AGENTS VISIT COUNTY FAIRS.
In Some Classes No Preference Will
Be Given to Horses With
Trimmed Tails.
The horse show, which opens on the
9th of next December, promises to be the
best which has yet been held on the Pa
: cific Coast. Every effort is being made to
I induce different classes of horse owners to
exhibit. Agents of the association have
toured the country, visiting farms and
ranches as far north as Puget Sound. The
county fairs are all being watched for ex
hibitors*, and as especial inducements are
offered this year to Pacitic-Coast-bred
horses, the probability is that there will
be a large increase in the number of ex
hibitors.
A number of cups are offered this year,
and it is expected tnat there will be more
before the date of the show. Five hand
some cuds, being made by Shreve, are just
about completed.
In the thoroughbred class the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club offers for the best two
year-old colt a silver-gilt cup, studded with
amethysts. A. B. Spreckels offers a silver
cup for the best performance of an ama
teur in driving a four-in-hand through 00
--: stacles. This cup was not offered last
year. Among the other cups, not offered
last year is the Robert F. Morrow chal
lenge cup for the best four-in-hand Pacific
Coast bred horses, to be shown before a
coach, break or wagonette, no preference
to be given to horses with docked or
trimmed tails. This cup must be won
two years in succession by the same ex
hibitor before becoming nis property, and
in the meantime it is to be held in trust
by the association.
In the trotting class the Shreve silver
cup is offered for the best stallion, four
years old or over. The Palace Hotel, in
class 17, donates a silver cup for the, best
pair ot driving horses. The foliowing
scale of points will govern in judging class
17: Each horse, 25 per cent— so per cent;
the pair, 20 per cent; wagon, 10 per cent;
harness, 5 per cent; robes, blanket and
whip, 5 per cent; general appointments,
taste, etc., 10 per cent; total, 100; speed
not essential.
The cups, the designs for which are not
yet accepted, include the John Bradbury
cup, new this year, for the best perform
ance of an amateur in driving a tandem
through obstacles; the California Jockey
Club cup for the best jumper, perform
ance over fences only to count; the George
A. Pope cup for the best pair of horses ex
ceeding 15 hands 1 inch, to be shown be
fore a brougham or victoria, norses to
count 50 per cent and the appointments 50
per cent.
The H. J. Crocker cup is offered for the
best polo pony, fourteen hands and under,
manners and handiness to be especially
considered. To secure this cup owners or
amateurs must ride. The Joseph D. Grant
cup is offered for the best team of two or
three-Fire Department horses, to be shown
to regular fire engines. This pup is to be
won two years in succession.
It is expected that the class for Pacific
Coast bred horses, which is new this year
will add considerably to the interest of
local owners. In this class no preference
will be given to horses with docked or
trimmed tails. Last year it was found
that owners of livery-stables were deterred
from exhibiting by the fear of having to
compete with wealthy owners, like Walter
S. Hobart. This year there is a livery
class, in which no preference is shown to
horses with docked or trimmed tails, as
livery-men complain that docking or
trimming a horse's tail interferes with its
sale.
It is expected that the class for horses
and delivery wagons will add a pictur
esque feature to the snow. The horses are
to be shown before an appropriate deliv
ery or express wagon, the horse to count
60 per cent and the wagon and appoint
ments 40 per cent.
In the class for horses in harness the
rules have oeen changed in a way which
will obviate tne pos&ibilitv of one horse
sweeping the whole thing."
Among fhose who have already secured
private boxes for the coming show are:
i. J. Crocker, C. A. Spreckels, George A.
Pope, George A. Newh all, John Parrott
C. de Guigne, James D. Pheian, W. h!
Crocker, Charles F. Crocker, Mrs. Charles
Baldwin, Mrs. C. W. Crocker, R. J. Wil
son, G. W. Prescott, Timothy Hopkins, J.
D. Grant, E. E. Eyre, Mrs. E. L. Hager, J.
B. Crockett. Maurice Casey H yon
Schroeder, C. E. Worden, W."H. Diniond
Lleanor Martin, William Alvord, John F
Boyd, A. 8. Tubbs, C. B. Stone, Charles
Mam, W. F. Goad, Mrs. N. G. Kittle P J
Donahue, E. J. McCutcnen. John Barton'
T. H. Wiihams Jr., Mrs. W. B. Hooper'
Mrs. E. J. Baldwin, I. W. Hellman Jr. H*
Dutard, Mrs. John A. Darling, Mrs. L. L.
Baker.
SHERLOCK CARELESS.
Censured by a Coroner's Jury for the
Deaths of Netchen and
Murphy.
Richard Sherlock, nurse at the City
and County Hospital, was formally
charged yesterday by a Coroner's jury
with criminal negligence m the cases of
David Netchen and Thomas Murphy, who
were accidentally killed a few days ago by
being given a deadly poison instead of a
draught of medicine. The management
of the County Hospital was also severely
censured, and recommendations made
that certain rules be more rigidly enforced.
It will be remembered that on the after
noon of August 21 Sherlock left his ward
in the care of a patient with instruction to
give certain inmates their medicine at the
hours named on the card. During the
afternoon the . temporary nurse •■•
Netcher and Murphy a dose of wh
E resumed was the regular rueci
hortly after this the two men were i;
violently ill, Nechter dying that night
Murphy the following day. Prior to ilus,
however, it was ascertained that the men
had been given cocculus Indicus, a deadly
poison. After hearing the evidence in the
two cases the jury returned the following
verdict:
And we farther find that the said poison in
both cases was administered by one I.lr. Malla
bar without criminal interest, and we further
find that the nurse, Richard Sherlock, is guilty
of criminal carelessness and negligence in
leaving the ward before being relieved by a
professional nurse or some one equally com
petent. And we further find that certain rules
of the City and County Hospital are not
properly enforced.
A. L. Piper, foreman ; Clans Jacobson, V. J.
Fell. Joseph Q. Cox. A. C. Elder, John A.
Morre, I. Arzburger, E. B. Lane.
PAUPERS MAY BE VOTERS
Election Commissioners Refused
Yesterday to Disfranchise
Them.
The Matter May be Tested in Court.
Labor Party Refused Reo
ognition.
The Board of Election Commissioners
decided yesterday not to interfere with
voting of the inmates of the Almshouse,
in spite of the protests of Attorney Ruef,
who said that he represented the Repub
lican party. This claim was not taken
very seriously by the Commissioners, in
view of the fact that T. J. L. Smiley has
been the recognized champion of the party
since the active preparations for the cam*
paign began.
Attorney Ruef said that it was the doty
of the Commissioners to strike off the
names because the constitution of the
State read thatno person should be deemed
to have gained or lost a residence by
reason of being an inmate of the Alms
house. Under that rule, he contended,
the paupers were not entitled to be regis
tered from the Almshouse precinct.
City and County Attorney Creswell
stated that he thought it was a matter for
the courts to decide and that in order to
give the petitioners for the measure a
chance to test it he would move that the
matter be left in its present state.
At this point Max Popper, who repre
sents the Democratic State Central Com
mittee, said he desired it to be understood
that the Democracy joined in the request.
He added that if the rule should be fol
lowed the RepuDlijcans would lose many
votes at Yountville.
"We don't taKe that view of it," said
Ruef.
"Well," said Creswell, "as long as this
matter has assumed a political aspect, I
will withdraw my motion."
The motion allowing the paupers to vote
was passed unanimously.
W. P. Grace, representing the Labor
party, appeared before tbe commission
and demanded that the party be given
representation on the election boards,
claiming that it was as much entitled to
recognition as the People's party.
The Commissioners took another view
of the matter, however, and after reading
the law to Sir. Grace and assuring him
that the votes cast by his party would be
fairly and impartially counted, refused to
grant his request.
The Registrar reported that he sent out
forty citations to persons who were sus
pected of having registered illegally, but
that only tnree had responded. As the
citations were on postal cards, there was
no evidence that they nad been served,
and the commission therefore decided not
to strike the names off the register, but to
send out second citations by special
delivery.
M'CALLUM AT REST.
Funeral or the Late Frot Officer of the
Steamer Gipsy.
The remains of Charles McCallum, first
officer of the steamer Gipsy, were laid to
rest yesterday afternoon in Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. Long before 2 o'clock, the
hour set for the funeral, Memorial Hall, in
which the services were conducted, was
filled with sorrowing friends of the de
ceased. The services were under the
auspices of Golden Gate Chapter No. 204,
I. 0. O. F.
Several hymns were sung by the
Knickerbocker quartet. The casket was
completely hidden beneath the many
floral offerings, the principal one being
an immense broken wheel sent by the
crew of the steamer Gipsy. The pall
bearers were selected from California Har
bor No. 15, A. A. of M , and from Golden
Gate Chapter No. 204.
Lightning is most destructive in level,
open country. Cities, with their numer
ous projections and wires, are compara
tively exempt.
UNION PAINTERS
WIN A VICTORY.
School 'Department Work
Will Be Done by Them
in Future.
DIRECTORS UNANIMOUS.
Tne Board of Education Rejects
Several Unsatisfactory
Jobs.
MR. MURDOCK'S RESOLUTION.
A Proposition to Curtail the Appoint
ment of Teachers V gorously
Opposed.
The union painters of this City won an
important victory when the report of the
Buildings and Grounds Committee of the
Board of Education was adopted at the
meeting last evening.
Some time ago »be painters sent a com
munication to the board stating that the
work that wan in progress on sixteen
buildings belonging to the department
was being done by non-union labor and in
a slovenly and entirely unsatisfactory
manner. They asked that the matter be
investigated, and that, if possible, it be
given union men.
The matter was referred to the Build
ings and Grounds Committee and that
body reported last evening. The report
stated that the grounds of the union men
were well taken, and tha* the work was
not being done in a satisfactory manner.
The recommendation was made that in
future all big contracts be given to firms
employing union men, the time of labor
being limited to eight hours per day.
Attached to the committee's report was
a communication from the architect of
the department stating that of the six
teen contracts let four had been rejected
and ordered done over because the work
was badly done, and that the twelve re
maining unfinished would be kept under
a close watch to see that the work was ac
cording to specifications. The report was
adopted unanimously.
The matter of teachers' appointments
was discussed by the board. Director
Murdock offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That In view of the curtailed ap
propriation no new classes be formed in either
day or evening schools, unless they can be
provided for by consolidation, and that no fur
ther appointments of teachers be made, ex
cepting to iUI vacancies occasioned by death
or resignation.
Directors Knox and Clinton opposed
any such measure vigorously, saying that
the department should not be allowed to
auffe in its progress because of a lack of
funds. If the schools must be closed be
fore the end of the school year let the
blame fall where it belonged, on the
shoulders of the Board of Supervisors.
"San Francisco," said Director Knox,
"is already behind the other great cities
of the country in its school facilities and
we must not allow the impression to go
abroad that we cannot properly educate
our children. We must have teachers for
branches that are demanded by the exi
gencies of modern education. If the
Supervisors choose to cut down our ap
propriation and cripple our Department
let them stand the brunt of the storm of
public wrath that will certainly fall upon
some one." It was decided to lay the mat
ter over for two weeks to allow some of
the directors to look more closely into the
question.
The Classification Committee reported
as follows:
That flve| classes have been consolidated In
the Lincoln Evening School, one class in the
Washington and one in the Lincoln Grammar
School : that the FranKiin Evening School now
contains five classes, the Fairmount Evening
School three classes, Mission Evening School
two classes; that one class has been trans
ferred from the Crocker Grammar School to
the Dudley Stone Primtiry Scnool; that a new
class has been formed in the Richmond
Primary School; that a new sixth grade class
has been opened in the Crock r Grammar
School; that on August 3 one cl 8? was con
solidated in the Irving Scott Primary- School ;
that one class was consolidated n the Emer
son Primary School.
The committee also recommended that Miss
K. H. Crowley be transferred from the prin
cipalship of the Richmond Evening School to
the same position in the Horace Mann Even
ing School ; that W. J. Gorman be transferred
to the Fairmount Evening School, Rosella La
Faille to the Frankiin Fvening School, Miss
Abbie Hurley to the Franklin Evening School;
that Miss Eliza L. West be assigned to the
evening substitute class; that Miss Lillie Mc-
Maho-.i be transferred to the Franklin Evening
School; that A. J. Hunston be as
signed to the Franklin Evening Schooi;
that Miss Sophie Athearn De trans
ferred to the Mission Evening School; that
Miss Mary Moran De transferred to the Dudley
Stone Primary School; that Miss Aimee Hirstel
be transferred to the Crocker Grammar School;
that Miss Mary C. McKinney be assigned to
the new class in the Richmond Primary
School.
The following transfers were also recom
mended: Miss I. R. Brown to Hamilton
Grammar School, Miss J. N. Sykes to the
James Lick Grammar, Miss Margaret A. Bur
nett to the Lincoln Grammar School.
It was recommended that the high school
class in the Horace Mann Evening School be
discontinued and that the teacher, George
Bates, be transferred to the Franklin Evening
School; thnt the high scnool class in the Wash
ington Evening School be discontinued nnd
the teacher. Miss Jennie Powers, be trans
ferred to the Lincoln Evening School to in
struct the class of Miss M. H. Jones during her
absence; that the high school classes in the
Horace Mann Grammar School building be
permitted to use tbe "Francais Pratique" by
Paul Bercy as a text book, and that Mrs. Mary
M. Fitzgerald of the day substitute class be as
signed to the San Francisco Normal School as
assistant teacher at a salary of $83 per month.
On Director Barrett's motion Miss Mary
Murphy was transferred from the Jeffer
son Primary School to the principalship
of Le Conte Primary School and Miss
Pauline Hart from the Kincon Grammar
School to the principalship of the Jeffer
son Primary School. Miss M. J. Wolf was
elected a regular teacher of the depart
ment.
PAINTERS STILL ALIVE.
Journeymen Will Hold a Mass-
Meeting Saturday Evening.
The union painters did not hear of their
victory before their meeting adjourned
last evening. The schoolhouse question
was brought up, and it was decided to
send a communication to the Building
Trades' Council requesting that body to
ask the Board of Education to make an
examination of all the schoolhouses. The
union offers to send a committee with the
board to show where slopwork has been
done on nearly every schoolhouse.
It was decided to hold a special mass
meeting on Saturday evening to show the
boss painters that the union is still alive
and will contest every attempt to cut
wages, whicd, it is rumored, the bosses
have threatened to do. Good speakers
will address the meeting, and a general
entertainment is being prepared. The
meeting will be held at 115 Turk street.
Last evening the union issued its first
manifesto to the public. In the letter
which is addressed particularly to house
holders, it says:
The large lvolders of property are deceived
through architects and certain agents who
have control of all repairing and renovations.
They generally have a certain party do their
work; for this the painter boss must give up
part profit to the agent, and to make up the
difference, he uses inferior material or puts on
one coat less than is called for. • * The
above does not apply to all master painters,
agents or architects, for some men in these
branches are endeavoring to act justly.
The following are the ingredients of paints
used by many men calling themselves master
painters: They are lye, water, whitening,
putty, coal oil, fish oil and a great deal of ben
zine, or what is called '•66," or "French turn*.,"
by some, so as not to give the fraud away. You
should see that the number of coats oi paint
are put on as called for in specifications, which
NEW TO-DAY.
ALL PLEASURE IS DESTROYED IN RIDING YOUB
/*. wheel if you are subject to pains in the back; bearing down
in the abdomen, weak kidneys, palpitation of the heart, sciatic
rheumatism, lumbago or any of those common ailments which
are brought to the surface by exertion on the wheel. Your
pleasure is doubled if you are strong in all the vital organs.
Then you need not , be afraid of breaking down a long ; way.- from
home.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
Has made cycling pleasurable to thousands of young men and
women who love the wheel. Its toning, invigorating Electric
currents. restore the strength to weakened organs and give to them
a healthy tenacity. It cures all the weaknesses that unfit you for
long trips, and gives you that healthy confidence in your powers
which every rider appreciates. ; Try this famous Belt. " Book,
with full information and price list, free. Call or address
fikA.CTIDXHHr EIjECTHIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday* 10 to 1. '
— OFFICB3 AST ;
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.
i.C'4 Bouth Broadway. I «... 253 Washington street.
■■31 : " L ">* ; ' S
'^V ns^ ■ s^^^^W^^*ts?lß Hs^^^rßß^H^te^fc^.
1 "The North Pole made use of at last" 3
Mm -■ , ;. -....■■-.".- ■ ■.-..-■.■■ ■ « *v-fe
■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ ■ ■ ■'■.;■-■,.■■■■ - . ■ - ■ - - •j^
;^|' ■ ■; PLUG .; ' ;: i : .
£ Always at the front and wherever 1
§ "BATTLE AX" goes it is the I
£ biggest thing in sight* It is as re- |
| markable for its fine flavor and quality ;
* as for its low price* A JO cent piece 3
lof "BATTLE AX . is almost ¥
f|; twice as large as a 10 cent piece of ¥
| any other equally good tobacco*
is not done in many cases; see ttit work
is thoroughly sand -papered between each
coat of paint on inside work, and lastly
find out the grade of varnish used, as .here ia
much fraud in this. Specifications generally
call for first-class varnish, but instead a cheap
and inferior grade is put on, costing but 7a
cents a gallon. We propose to put you on the
guard, and whenever you are having work
done, watch it closely. * *
CURTIS HAS RESIGNED.
Will Retire as Traffic Manager of tha
California Association on the
Ist of September
William Bostwick Orrtis, manager
of the Traffic A. . Uion of Cali.
fornia. yesterday tendered his resi.>
nation to the executive committee of
that organization, and it was ac
cepted with strong remarks of re
gret over the action of Mr. Curtis and
hieh commendation for his management
of the affairs connected with his office.
It was a special meeting called for the
purpose of acting on this matter, and was
fully attended.
Mr. Curtis' resignation is to go into
effect on the Ist inst. Who is to be his
successor hus not yet been announced,
though there are already several appli
cants for the expected vacancy.
As fully stated in The Call of Tuesday
last. Mr. Curtis leaves his present posi
tion in order to go to Japan and there
represent some of the leading firms of
this City, with a view to extending the
commercial relations between this port
and the ports of the Mikado's empire.
Dissolved the Injunction.
The temporary injunction granted Edwin T.
Earl against the Southern Pacific and Rooert
Graham, in the matter of a patent refrigerator
car, was dissolved by Judge McKenna yester
day, pending a review of the case by the Court
of Appeals. In the meantime the defendant*
are required to give a bond 01 $50,000. to
indemnify Earl in the event the lower court is
sustained.
Deserted His Wife.
Emma McMullen began suit in divorce yes
terday against her husband, W. H. Mc-
Mullen. The complaint is based on de.
sertion and failure to provide. The plain
tifl was Miss Emma Masten before her
marriage, her mother being a wealthy prop
erty-owner of Solano County, residing at
Dixon, where McMullen and the daughter
were married.BUNKO, THE GAME
POPULISTS PUT,
How the Democrats Have
Fixed the State for
Fusion.
THEY GRAB EVERYTHING
Having Provided for Sewali, They
Help Themselves to
Congress.
EAILROAD INFLUENCE FELT.
Monteith, McGlashan, Rogers, Magnire
acd Barlow to Be TnrneJ Down
in the N;w Deal.
The Populist leaders are finding i: a
t rather difficult matter to deliver the goods
of their party to their Democratic masters.
Monteith in the First Congressional Dis
trict and McGlashan in the Second are
around town chewing lather and swearing
. in a double sense that they will net re
sign. On the Democratic side is Joseph
Kelly of the Fifth, *no was turned down
t*o years aeo. Mr. Kelly vows that he
will no: tender his resignation to the
triple-heaced sliver plated Bourbon hay
seed junta which is now engaged in mak
ing a slate for Congressmen. ,
That the Populists of this State have
fc*ea bunkoed by the Democracy eithsr
with or without the consent of their
leaders is apparent. For instance, the
plan of action adopted last Tuesday pro
vides that no action taken by the joint
committee shall be valid umess approved
of by two-thiras of the members of each
committee voting for Buch action. This
will require ten votes of the committee of
fifteen to nominate a man for Congress.
Such nominations must be approved of by
the State Executive Committees of the
Democratic or People's Party, but two
thirds of any one committee may object
to the nomination of any .particular man,
and their objection would be sufficient to
keep him oS the ticket.
la other words, twojmen on the silver
committee may prevent the nomination of
any man whom they do not like.
The silver portion of t,he joint committee
on conference- was called into existence by
I George W. Baker, chairman of the Bime
tallic League. Mr. Baker U said to
have bad considerable business from the
bcuthern Pacific Company. He some time
azo issued a circular calling for the nomi
nation of a silver comriiitteemau from
each Senatorial district in the State. "; In
response to this call four or five interested
persons got together in each district,
named their committee man, fixed up bis
credentials and sent the proxy to Baker,
who is, strictly speaking, the whole of the
Silver party.
The Populists cannot nominate a man
without the consent of their executive
committee, but they can reject a candi
date eren .without consulting with their
* executive committee.
Colonel Taylor Rogers, People' 3 party
candidate in the Fifth, has resigned, in
obedience to the plan of action, and the
understanding is that he is to b ? turned
down and that James H. Barry, a Dem
ocrat, will get his place. Colonel Rogers
talked a good deal about the "American"
type of face while he was attending the
National Populist Convention in Su Louis,
and it is believed that four Democrats,
constituting two-thirds of the six on the
committee, will refuse to accept him.
Should|thij be done, their action, being in
accordance with the plan adopted, would
be final ana without appeal.
In the matter of George W. Monteith's
candidacy lor Congress in the First Dis
trict, it is understood that Humboldt
County is one of that gentleman's strong
holds, and the Southern Pacific Company,
through its agents, has circulated ail kinds
of stories calculated to excite popular sen
timent against him. and as a further in
ducement to head him off, they have
offered to allow Humboldt County to
name the Congressional fusion candidate
' from the First District. . ,
It was proposed, in the first place, that
in case Monieith refused to commit po
litical suicide, he should be .assassinated
by the Democratic convention placing in
nomination Judge S. M. Buck of Hum
boidt, a strontr Populist., By doing tu^s
they would place Monteith. in the position
of standing in the way of the election of
another Populist.
But this programme was upset by Judze
Back himself. The Judge saw through
the game and refused to be made a cat's
paw of. The next thing on- the slate was
to nominate a Humboidt Democrat witn
Populistic leanings, and the leaders ■of
the . Democratic combine picked out a
callow youtu named Cutler, a boy orator
ana partner of Judge Back. Then they
brought influences to bear upon leading
Populists in Hnmboldt County to have
them induce Monteith to resign, but he
has resisted alike their cajoleries and their
threats.
This will put a Democrat on the sJate in
the First District whether Monteith should
resign or not.. . . .
In the Second District the programme is
to turn down McGlasban and let De Tries,
a Democrat, stand as the fusion candidate.
In tne Third District, M. F. Tarpey or
William D. English will be made the fU3^
lienI icn candidate. Both are Democrats.
in the Fourth District'tbe programme is
said to be to scratch Mazuire to please the
Southern Pacific and to put \ up another
Democrat in his place. By the plan of ac
tion Maguire is pledged to support all the
fusion candidates, and he cannot protest
without breaking his pledge. Maguire,
however, is pretty solid with the manipu
lators of his party.
I In the Fifth District Taylor Rogers will
be turned down and Barry, a Democrat,
will be put up in his stead.
C. A. Barlow, the People's Party candi
date in the Sixth, refused at first to hand
in his resignation, as he suspected foul
play, but the managers promised that they
would put nim-oacc and he consented to
resign. As two of the Silver delegates or
four of the Democratic delegate* can pre
vent his being renominated merely with a
protest,,the chances are that he may re
ceive,- not Mr. Bryan's cross of ' cold, but
I the double cross known to sporting men.'
Castle (Populist) will be allowed to
stand in the Seventh. The Democrats
have no hope of carrying that district and j
theywill present it to Mr. Castle on a free
sliver salver.
As the date now stands the fusion will
look something like this:
First District— A Democrat.
Second District — A Democrat.
Third Di-trict— A Democrat.
luorth District — A Democrat.
Fifth District — A Democrat.
Sixth District — A Democrat.
Seventh District— A Popalut.
This is the silver brick which the Democ
racy is asking the Populists to purchase.
POPULISTIC SENTIMENT,
What Leading: People's Party Or-
Bans Say of the Trea
son.
Eqnity of Santa Barbara, published by
Melvia Snow and D. F. Hunt, heads its
ticket thus: sUSi!
PhOPLE'S PARTY TICKET.
- lOR VICE-PRESIDENT,
THOMAS E . AVATsON
' Of Georgia.
The editors beine middle-of-the-road
Populists have refused to indorse th» Dem
ocratic nominee for President. The sig
nificant fact about their position is that
they have not lost any subscribers by rea
son thereof; but, on the contrary, have
gained many.
Industry of Oakland prints the follow
ing resolutions adopted by the People's
Party Central Committee of Alameda
County:
Whereas, The Populist and Democratic
State committees have signified their inten
tion to appoint sub-committees for the purpose
of conferring with each other in order to
, Arrange some plan of joint action for the elec
tion of Populist and Democratic Congressmen
from this Stale, the basis of tald arrangement
being the giving of one district for another;
that is, by combining our forces in the several
d strict* for either a Populist or a Democratic
candidate, according to the terms to be settled
by the conference committee; and whereas,
i we are informed that certain members of the
' State committee have already expressed them
selves to the effect that the Third Con
gressional district is to be given to the
Democrats; and whereas, the County of
Alameda, numerically considered, comprises
about one-half of said • Third " Congressional
district; and whereas, this Congressional
district has a most favorable chance to elect a
Populist to Congress; be it, therefore
Ecsolvfd, That we are unalterably opposed
to any arrangement by the said conference
committee which shall give or assign this
Third Congressional District to a Democrat,
and that a copy of this resolution be for
warded to the State Central Committee. ;
In the same number Industry prints the
following editorial note:
Thank God! Alameda County has a Popu
list Central Committee not a trimming,
fusing clique of opportunists. Fusion is con
fusion, and political confusion is political
helL *~
The New Charter of San Jose, pub
lished by that stalwart champion of Pop-
Grand Officers of the Grand Parlor of the Native Daughters of the Golden West, Who Will Be Guests
of Stockton Parlor During; the Admission Day Celebration on September % J896.
ulism, SI. "W. Wilkins, heads the ticket
thus:
PEOPLE'S PARTY STATE
TICKET.
FOE PRESIDENT.
No candidate as yet, as up to going to press
Mr. Bryan has shown no intention of accept
ing the People's parry nomination under the
requirements that Mr. wall would with
draw. *
FOR VIURE-PRESID-NY.
THOMAS E. WATSON.
The Merced Sun, after complimenting
John S. Dore, says:
In the National Convention at St. Lcralj the
Populists were betrayed by- their leaders and
an attempt was cade to sell ont the party.
Some of tne leaders in this State are now try
ing to complete tbe joo, but we hope that a
majority of the State Central Committee will
repudiate this action at tneir next meeting
and cut loose from the Democratic hypnotic
influences which have been thrown about
them. The Popu-ists ol this State will not cast
half a vote lor Sewali under asv cirenm
stances, and if this damnabie deal is ratified
by the State Central Committre it will make
Bryan's defeat in mis State absolutely certain.
Honorable defeat at the polls will be" far more
preferable to honest Populists than any vic
tory that could result from such a compromise
as the committees have agreed upon.
Mr. Dore is certainly the right man in the
right place.
The Tnlare County News prints thaJol
lowing resolution :
Betolved. That we, the central committee of
the People's party of Ta'.are County, demand
that If oar State executive committee provides
lor fusion with the Democratic party in this
State, only Bryan and Watson electors be ac
cepted.
The Talare Valley Citizen, edlded by
the stanch Middle-of-the^Roader W. H.
Gilstrap, publishes an editorial, of which
the following is an extract: .
; We believe that, though ridiculous as our
present position may at first blush appear, aa
a political party we hare a decided advantage
of oar suopo-ea ally, the Democracy. ■' At best
we could only nope to carry on a campaign of
education, which we can do fally as well with
Mr. Sewali in the field as out. With the ad
vantage -of being the second party, with toe
gallant Tom Watson represenJinz Populism,
while Sewall would represent Democracy, we
are sure ~ to be, why should we ask to have
wall withdrawn? You may say, to insure
the election of Bryan. '- ; . ..
. Why should we as Populists . make any
further sacrifices, or even effort, to secure his
election, if his own party does not show any
disposition to meet us a small fraction of the
way in our effort to secure su. h election? '
Let Populists quit 'worrvinKj about '.what
Democracy will or will not do, but let them
rather get down to business and make the best
of the situation, roll up as many million votes
for Bryan and ' Watson as they can, never
neglecting an opportunity to convert tee hosts
of Democrats, who are "coming our way," to
the principles of Populism. This is the proper
course, as we see it. We do not object to
Brvan's election, and are witting to assist the
Democrats in its consummation, but propose
to wait /or them to "get in the notion". before
giving the matter serious consideration. When
they do this, they will be ready and trilling to
indorse electors favorable tto . Mr. Watson's
election, whether Bewail withdraws or not
Tins is our f 'ultimatum." . • „ ■
"OLD GLORY" HONORED.
G. A. K. Belief Corp* Eiyors a Patriotic
Entertainment.
An entertainment and dance, given last
night in Odd Fellows' Hail by the
Woman's Relief Corps (No. 61) of General
George G. ilea ie Post, Grand Army of the
Republic, revived the patriotism in the
breast of a iarge audience. Most of the
numbers on the excellent programme re
ferred directly or indirectly to "Old
Glory," whose folds decorated the stage
and the front part of tbe hail. This was
the programme rendered, after which the
floor was cleared for dancigg. It was
hignly enjoyed by aii:
Overture, orchestra: recitation. "To My
FUg," lit tie Miss Pnoebe Atkins, who held a
flag as she spoke and wore ribbons of red,
white and Dlue; cornet, trombone and piano
trio, the Mi^s.s Noble and Miss Keith ; charac
ter ivcicationsT. Irwin ; vocal duet, "Love and
War" R- Stamini and H. Williamson: so (t,
"Underneath Old Glory's Fold.'' Mrs Jessie D.
Moore; whistling solo. Miss O.ive Trnette;
violonceKo selection, Dr. A. T. Regemburger ;
selection, Apo'uo Quartet. Messrs. R. Staniini,
Ch&rle* F. Morel, Lonis Fiaiger and Hu»&
Williamson; iable*o, "Columbia," introducing
"Red, White and Blue" and Tenting To
nieht" by Mrs. Mills Miss Fiora Bowley and
the Veteran Guard of California; skirt dance,
Miv May ble Peck and Hus Ida uornam.
a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAM,, THURSDAY, AUGUST L' 7, 1896.
THE GOLDEN STATE
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
Mutual Improvement and
Benefit the Order's
Object.
ITS GRAND OFFICERS.
First Parlor Instituted in Ama
dor County in September, 1886,
by Mrs. T. L. Kane.
MRS. MART E. TILLMAN
Grand President, Wi;h Sixty-five
Parlors and 2500 Members Under
Her Jarisdiction.
The order of the Native Daughters of
the Golden West is among the most pow
erful women's organizations on the Pacific
Coast.
Tne first parlor was organized in Jack
sou, Amador Coanty, in September, 18S6,
'UVtVWZ-Ti-uvi*..
by Mrs. Tina L. Kane and Mrs. Lillia
Rich! ing. It was called Ursula Parlor No.
1, and is still in existence.
The association is not simply an organi
zation for benehciary purposes. Its aims
and objects are much broader ana higher
and in the constitution this is clearly set
forth as follows:
The objects of the parlors of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West "are social
intercourse, mental improvement and
mutual benefit; the uniform administra
tion of tbe rights, privileges and benefits
of th« order of the N. D. G. W.; perpet
uating tbe memory of the founders of tbe
State of California; the increase and dif
fusion of knowledge among its members;
the improvement of the condition of its
membership, socially and materially, by
encouragement when in need, and pro
viding for and comforting the sick and
distressed member* of the order,"
The officers and members of this power
ful and influential organization are among
tbe best representative women in the
State, and every day the order grows in
numbers and importance. New parlors
are constantly being establisned and the
oider ones increasing in membership.
At the present time tbe order numbers
over sixty-five parlors and has some 2500
members.
In September. ISBy, the board of relief of
the Native Daughters was incorporated
under the laws of California.
The object of tbe relief fund is to aid and
assist any of tne Daughters who may be
ill or in distress and whose parlors have
assisted them to the full extent of their
power and can now do no more.
80 far there have been few, very few,
call-* made upon tbisfund.
Tbe fund itself was created first by a
bequest from the late S. P. Rodgers and it
has since been increased and sustained by
an annual contribution of three dollars
from each ot the various parlors.
Last year in sick benefits, etc., the
Native Daughters paid oat over three
thousand douars.
In her address at Grass Valley, Miss E.
A. Spenser, the former Grand President,
said tbe aim of the Native Daughters is
not merely pleasure and social enjoyment;
their real purpose is to lead the Daughters
of California to the highest sphere of true
womanhopod and to bind together in the
bends of •common affection the children
cf this glorious State.
And it is also their desire to honor and
perpetual • the memories of the pioneers
aDd founders of the State of their birth.
Admission day is the day of ail others
specially honored by tbe Native Daughters
as it is the birthday of California, the an
niversary cf the day when she received
legal status as a full member among the
sister States of tbe Union.
The 15; hoi May is dedicated by the
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
order to tbe memory of departed members,
being their memorial day. This pretty,
tender custom might weil b« imitated by
other associations, and some appropriate
memorial ceremonies be given then.
A healthy rivalry exists among the
various parlors, and each strives to do the
best work and make tne most prosperous
snowing.
Miss Mariana Bertola, the grand presi
dent, ia a resident of Martinez, where she
holds a foremost place among the most
prominent women of tnat town. She is a
young woman endowed with fine educa
tional acquirements and is principal of the
Martinez schooL She is a member of Ra
mona Parlor No. 21.
Mrs. Georgie Ryan is the grand secre
tary and is a very able and efficient officer.
Her omce is in the Merchants' Exchange
and ail the business of the order of the
Native Daughters is conducted there. Mrs.
Ryan is a member ol Buena Vista, Parlor
No. 68.
Mrs. mge Petersen Faure is tbe grand
treasurer and performs the arduous duties
of her position with ability and conscien
tiousness. She is an active member of
Alta Parlor No. 3.
Mrs. Mary TUlman, the grand president,
is a thoroughly experienced and able
officer, who has been long acquainted with
the work of the order. Minerva Parlor
No. 2 claims her as a member.
Besides these officers then are live grand
trustees, who assist in carrying on the
business of tbe order.
The qualification for membership in
the Native Daughters of the Golden ' West
is limited to white women born within the
State of California, and the candidate
must be of good moral character and at
least 13 years of age. The intending
member must also be recommended by
two members in good standing in the par
lor she proposes to enter.
Few orders have made the wonderful
progre?s in the comparatively short time
they have been organized the Native
Daughters ha* done. Its social, moral
and financial standing in the community
is all that cooli be desired, ana few other
associations are either bo prosperous or so
popular as this organization.
The order is in fine, strong, working !
condition, and presents a united and har- i
monious aDpearance that does credit to
the sex.
Such associations elevate and broaden
the women who belong to them, and the
practical working of a well-conducted or
ganization iba Kood preparation and train
ing for the time when women phall hold
the ballot.
The present grand officers are:
Past grand pr^ident, Miss Mariana Bertola,
Ramona Parlor No. 21, Martinez; grand r.resi
dent, Mrs. Mary E. Tiliman, Minerva Parlor
No. 2, San Francisco; grand vice- president
Mrs. Belle Conrad, Dardanelle Parlor No. 66
Sonors; prajid secretary, Mrs. Georgi? C. Ryan,"
Bnena Vista Par. or No. 6S, San Francisco*
grand tresxtirer, Mrs. Inge P. Faure, Alta Par
lor No. 3, San Francisco: irrand marshal, Miss
Edith Laird, Princess Par. or No. 84, Angels;
grand inside sentinel, Miss Annie Kerrin*'
Martposa Parlor No. 63, Mariposa; grand out
side sentme'. Miss Edith Bonestel, Las Palmas
Parlor No. 67, Ventura; graad-trustees— Mrs
Helene Juarez (chairman), Eschoi Parlor No
16. Napa; Miss Luzle Douglass, Alta Parlor \o
3, San Francisco; Mrs. Ema Gett, Cailfla Par-
Iw Ho. 22. Sacramento; Mrs. Maude Ander- ■
son, Camelia Par.or No. 41, Aaderson ; Miss j
Ruby Manzer, Oro Fino Panor No. 9, San
Francisco . ___^_____^__
RIGHT OF FREE SPEECH,
Light Sentence Passed Upon
William Costley, the
Socialist.
His Attorney Gives Notice of Appeal,
and the Other Cases Continued
for Tairty Days.
William Costley, tbe socialist, wfio was
convicted by a jury in Judge Conlan's
court on Tuesday on the charge of
disturbing the peace at Seventh and
Market streets on Saturday night, August
15, appeared for sentence yesterday.
Attorney Guiifoyle, on behalf of the de
fendant, moved lor a new trial and arrest
of judgment on the usual statutory
grounds. He contended that the defend
ant never entered a plea to the complaint;
the complaint was not read to the jury,
and it had not been shown by the evidence
that a public offense had been committed.
The defendants were simply exercising
their right under the constitution to
peacefully assemble and discuss their
grievances.
Attorney J. J. Ccffey replied, and Justice
I of the Peace Carroll, who presided in the
i court during Judge Conlan's absence,
! overruiea the motion for a new trial and
i arrest oi judgment. He showed by the
j records that a plea of not guilty had been
j entered by the defendant whea a jury was
I demanded.
Beuben H. Lloyd said on behalf of the
1 Odd Fellows' Association that he had no
! desire for a heavy penalty being inflicted.
I His clients did not oppose free speech,
but tbev esked that the socialists should
1 keep away from that corner and not inter-
I fere with people's business. There were
j plenty of places in tbe City where they
i could assemble without interfering with
• the business of storeteepers.
Justice Carroll then lined the defendant
I $5 or twenty-four hours in the County
I Jail. Attorney Guiifoyle gave notice of
: appeal, and tbe defendant was released on
' his own recognizance until the appeal
'■ papers could be tiled.
The cases against the other seven de
■ fendants were continued for thirty <lay«.
j and it was intimated that each would de
j mand a separate jury trial.
Near the Hea I of the Ticket.
The officers of the ClOxens' Charter Associa
tion yesterday sent to the Board of Election
Commissioners a copy of the resolution re
cently «dop;ed by the association. The litter
tx>dy, by the r*M>:ution, requested tbe election
officers to place the charter question at the
head of the electoral ballot instead of at the
foot.
THE WAY TO VOTE
FOR THE WOMEN,
Letter of Explanation From
the Secretary of
State.
CONFUSION AVERTED.
Mode of Printing the Ballots
Will Leave No Rocm
lor Error.
SONGS OF WOMAN SUFFRAGE.
New Lyrical Leaflet for Use at Politi
cal Meetings Daring the Com*
isg Campaign.
Considerable apprehension has been
shown by friends of the woman suffrage
cause owing to the fear that voters would
not know how to cast their ballots for or
against the proposed suffrage- amend
ment to tbe State constitution.
It was said that the numbers of the six
proposed amendments would be printed
on the ballots without any words of ex
planation as to the matters which the
several amendments would cover.
Still more confnsion was occasioned by
the fact that when tbe proposed woman
suffrage amendment was introduced into
the Legislature it was known as "Assem
bly bill 1L" From this name the
transition to "Amendment XI" was easy
and natural.
Voters in the interior, bearing that there
were only six proposed amendments to be
voted on, were completely at sea regard
ing the "eleventh amendment," on which
the hope of woman suffrage depends.
Letters commenced pouring into the
Woman Suffrage Bureau from all parts of
the State, the tale of each correspondent
being "I want to vote for woman suffrage,
but 1 don't know how." Miss Mary E.
Hay, the State organizer and chairman of
the State Central Woman Suffrage Com
mittee, commenced to realize that iife was
becoming a burden. Her desk began
to look like the floor of an editorial room,
her normally sunny nature was frequently
overshadoywed fey glowering clouds, while
her eyes grew little by little to resemb c
those of a hunted gazelle hard pressed by
the hounds.
Things had reached this alarming stage
when fair weather was restored by the ar
rival at the Woman Suffrage Bureau of
the following letter:
Office or the Secretakt or &tati, i
Sacsake>TO, Aug. 25, 1896. {
Mitt Swan B. Anlficny, San Frcmcuea— Dear
Madam: The amendments in all probability
will be printed on the ballot in the order in
which they appear in the Governor's procla
mation. Over each amendment will be an ex
planation stating : the object and purpose of
the amendment in brief language. ',. ' -
L. H. Beows, Secretary of State.
"This sets us to rights." said Miss Hay
yesterday, in a blither tone than she has
employed for some days past. "The Sec
retary o: State assures us that each amend
ment wiil be clearly and unmistakably
distinguished from the others on the bal
lots, and no one need now fear that he
will vote on the wrong side without know
ing it. As for myself, the news comes to
me lite a sweet, restful breeze f.om the
Eiysian fields. Hundreds upon hundreds
of letters have been sent me, which to
morrow's issue of Th« Call will answer.
I will order a ton or so of the papers and
have them sent to the good people who
have asked for information on this impor
tant matter."
The bureau has just gotten out a leaflet
on which are eight stirring woman suf
frage epics arranged to tbe melodies of
well-known popular and patriotic airs.
Though it is difficult to select the best
among compositions of apparently equal
merit, the following will serve as a sample :
NEW AMERICA.
BT ELIZABETH BOTN"TO:C HABBEKT.
To ae— - A merica."
Our country, now from thee .
Claim we oar liberty, _
In freedom's name.
Guarding horr.e'3 attar fires,
Daughter* of patriot sires. 4
Their seal oar name Inspires
Justice to d aim.
Women In every age,
for this great heritage
Tribute have paid.
Oar birthright claim we now,
.Longer refuse to bow;
On freedom's altar now
• Oar hand Is laid.
Sobs, will you longer see
ilotaer* on bended knee.
For Justice pray?
Rise now la manhood's might.
With earth's true souls unite
To speed the dawning i!r at
- Of freedom's day!
The leaflets will be sent all over the
State, and tbe songs wiil be- made a fea
ture of as many political meetings as pos
sible. For the p.esent 200,fXX) copies have
been struck off, but that large supply is
dwindiin? at such a rate that anew edi
tion wifl have to be gotten out.
"I have iour.d out," observed Miss Hay,
sag°ly, "that one can do nothing great in
California without the aid of music. We
will give the sons of the Golaen West
plenty of good suffrage songs, and see if
we can sine oar way to tae hearts which
seem to be ours air*>adv."
COLONEL OLIVER DEAD.
Governor Sangines aud Staff Escorted
the Bead Soldier to His Final
Best ing- Pi ace.
Colonel William S. Oliver died at Ense
nada, Mexico, on the 14th inst. He was
bo*-n at Mobile. Ala.. October 27, IS3& A
wife and daughter survive him.
Colonei Oliver was a distinguished sol
dier and a nobie-hearted gentleman, win
nine the esteem of all who became ac
quainted with him. For his gal act a n
duct before \icksburg and ut Grand City
be received the especial commendation of
General Graat, to whom he was devotedly
attache-i.
The Governor of Lower California, Co
rond Augustin Sar.cines, with his staff and
a company of soldiers acted as escort at
nis funeral, which occurred at Ecsenaca
August 13.
JOtW TO-DAY -
I GAIL BORDENT
I EAGLE Brand
I § .CONDENSES MILK- ||
a Has No Equal M
:v/ -SOLD EVERY WHEBH £
45 SBOTWELL ST^jEAR FOIRTEEITB.
MODERN HOCSB.B Ri«O3CS AND BATH. IN
IVI first-class crier, with stable: suitable for Phy-
sicUn. Apply to <i; H. rMBSE.N & GO:,'
.-, ...,.:,. -14 Montgomery street. ■
Tlfhen writing for further particulars to any of the health or
Pleasure Resorts in these columns kindly mention the CjtjCjL.
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
OPEN ALL WINTER.
. IT IS AS IDEAL A WINTER
' -AS A SUMMER SORT .
HOT AIR HEATERS.
OLD FASHIONED
OPEN FIRE PLACES .
A POSITIVE CURE FOR
RHEUM LIVER. KIDNEY
and STOMACH TROUBLES.
Reduced Rates Oct. 1, 1896, to ; May 4, 1897.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, VI Fourth street, a. £.
Pamphlets sent to any aidress free. . ,
>ETNA SPRINGS
There Is neallnr in the waters (for rheumatism,
malaria, nervousness, dyspepsia, diabetes, etc.):
there is life in the air. SwimminK-tanic. tub and
steam baths, fine hotel, amusements. Rate*, 10
to $14. lake 7a. x. 3. P. train for St. Helena:
stage connects at 10 a.m. Unlimlte-I round-tnp
tickets. t7. Particulars at 318 Battery, or W.L.
MITCHKLL. LideU P. 0.. Napa County. Oat %
HOTEL RAFAEL.
■'■Ji ."San Kafael, California. ,
FIFTY- MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO. i
X 'Asa Winter resort or home it has no equal In
the world. •
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
Special rate* for Fall and Winter eruests. ■ ■
-.-•-'■-■■■ P.. H. WaRFIKLD A CO.
fITT I finn HOT SPRINGS. «?onom»
V V A I'l • V bounty, only I^. hoars from
\ m A ITiT \ s * n Francisco; but 9 miles
IllXrllllJll s:a ?' ; new road through
MUUU v* Xl canyon; new stages: sanitary
plumbinz:natnral temperature of water ISO* Fair.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquitos ■ and other : annovinz
bisects nnicnown. Tale Tiboron - ferry a: t:3O
a. m. or 3:30 P. m. 1 Round-trip ticket only ' 15.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mail and express.
Bates $1- a week; baths free.
- J.F. iIULGREW. Proprietor, i
LYTTON SPRINGS,
6O.NOIUCOIT.VTI'. - _ - ;
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: nostaein?; i^-cile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Spring in tha i
United States and the celebrated Lytton , Geyser
Soda VpriLns. ' " Wonderful caraUve properties.
Table hrst-<:i*3*. bend tor circulars. - . .
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Report
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*. *
: "■- Health, pleasnie, swimming. fisnlnK and hnn:-
-i ing. • New dancing pavilion, . Deer park. - Table
I excellent. ..Climate unsurpassed, bend for souve-
nir. ; &ta«e at Padrone every Hobday. Wednes-
day and Saturday | after Jane 1. connecUns wiu
train leaving the City at 8:13 a. k.%) *-.-:. ... . ■ - •
VIC PONCELET. Llagas. CaL
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL. -
PECreation; REST AND home for in-
X vallds, consisting of Jane main bolldtn?, cot-
tage* and tents on mountainside over! ooki nit Napa
Valley. Steata heat, elevator. callbeUs and night-
watch, service?. Massage, electricity, medicated
and meant baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moan
tain walks are • arr.on* the amusements. : tirj
water, air and a beautiful climate. . Accornmoa*-
tions first class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County. Cal.
' ODER SUVT MA.VAGK3IKXT.
RATES i'Z TO *2 50 PKR DAY, *3 TO %\\ PEB
week: all baths 're*. - ■
; W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
UDROJE SIJERAL SrtlKS
WIIXBE OYE.N TO GUESTS THE EVTfRE
»» year Water* sure core for all stomsicn and
urinary troubles. Send for analysis and - descrip-
tive pamphlet. Address Madrone Miner -d springs,
Madrone, sanla Clara County, CaL' -
1
S**^ EST with a big It. Blackwell's Genuine Ball^^M 5^V
;^^* j r< rarham is in a class by itselt You will find one .^V
*^p i— ' coupon inside each two ounce bag, and two coo- ■ *\
t jjr*sr!>; pons inside each four ounce bag of . tHv£*vA
■ Genuine Durham I
S Smoking Tobacco M
t K^^ 1 ' Buy abac of this celebrated tobacco and read the coupon— A^fJoW^
,■ I W hichgiveaaiUU)fvaluaDlaprc^eiiuandhowu)setthein^^^^v^ ;^'
■ ' : -' ' --- \ ■■ j-».r--- ..■-■-- .-." ■ ■■■.:-■.:- r .■:.. ■■-■■ ■■,-.. ..-■- : - .
~!^iffIKUIIj~r~fBESIXCISS OF THE
«a«) THE UMlfflLL room
xiANYSy :^ Pfij fißFiifiTF!
IS THBVERY.B£U>X;U.VE;TU £iAXXX3 | LftUL nu I LLi
JL yemr *yes and fls mezs u> sp-ectadai athl ij>*- " "*"^.- •' "T
»>wn ppenoruy ua aw twa m^umt*!. Mj «*? DIRECT ENIRAN-u from marks! it
IMihM been do* w to* maaM m mjr W<*4>
■. in&MJdioaa-iaia «r.M...c--. . 7^ • . OPES cxtii. JHD.NKiHT.
£ $ ifinißllUWiJ I1&>V '
iSzSL***? £* tion oi a fAinonsFrencaphysfcian, will quickly core yon of all ncr- '>-
I'^tfS^i ' voos the generaUve organs, such as Lost if anhood. •
rZ ZZ CJ * fitt P IlinllllVWw 11k%7 I WllkWitaiizer^bepreacrip-
T?r <^y rtr tPSm *S? £X t' 011 ol a "Mao us French physician, will quickly cure roa of all nei*
itv j. \) W»V " vona or disposes oi Vie generative organ*, such as Lost Manhood.
%, £2fi' \i *£jLil >' Insomnia l l'aias in the Emissions, Nervous DeblllSr. '
I S^lL. i ' WtW Pianples, Unfitness to Marry, Exhansticif Drains, Varicorele and
V^ r ■ V " - -/,-■- Constipation. It stops ail losses by day or n(?ht. Prevents qnici-
> s»^ ' XX*'- * ness of discharge, wljicii if notc)»«>c!ce<l leads to Spermatorrhoea and
arrnar **■« arrrp all tte horrors of Impcteney.CllPlliESlEcleaaaes deliver, Un ■
S3C.ru ML. and fIMtH , kidneys and the nrinary organs of all tapoiiliea, •
** CTPinFXK strengthens and restores weak organs. - _ -<^o~>*MG«<a|jgn)NNS99q^Mn
'■i:-r-' i IP The reason sufferer-, are not cored by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
CCPIDEXE is th*»omykno.»-i remedy to core without an ration. >50COt»>stimont.
ali N ' A ■writt'^i guarantee given and money -returned If six «wixes does not effect a permanent ear* ■
• "•";■". |UCD&box,«Jif<>rfiOO,byrsall. ; Send for trie circular and tesrimoniata. •. " ■ •„ . . . .
: AddnH OAT Ola M Knu;i-Ng*CO.i UTOilarket street, San Francisco. CaL For sals ijy
M^ v " ', isKOOKa' FiiAliiiAcy,ll»Poweastreai
; HIGHLAHDJSPRINGS.
THE BEST PLACE 'ON EARTH TO
SPEND FALL MONTHS.
Good' Climate and the Greatest Va-
riety and Finest Mineral ■ Springs
• in the "World.
Fall season • opens August 15. * Fine3t
i dining-room and table north of San Fran-
cisco. Good bunting, batbioe, boating
and fishing.
, RATES SIO TO 512 PER WEEK.
For full particulars address
LXX D. CRAIG. >
316 Montgomery St., S. F.
Or J. CKAIG,
Highland Springs, Lake Co., Cal.
183 II k'i 9 U. » a 3 Monterey coca-
E» In &£ Ih d H n tv - *-" al - - Tna
I&3 81 14 laS I °"" bii of
a fIM aBMIS %& Ww Anienca — For
\. ■- •* "-"."*- 7/^v^^ fcealth.rest.pleas-
ere, climate," accommodation*, scenery, dower
beds, cleanliness. table, hoc soda tub and plunge
he£|te. hot soiDhar tub and swimming tanks, dm-
ease ' treatment. boating and fishing, children's
playground, croqnet and dance halt for families.
Paraiso stands nasnrpass?d (a : the Mate- Plenty
enjoyment fur younj and old. Take train Third
•nd Townsend streets. Saa Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
call?, for Soledad; Betnrn-:np ticket.*?. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Po«:omce. For
illustrated pamphlets and special inducement* for
1896, address R. KOBEkTsU.V, Manager.
fIiPA SODA SPRISGS,
California's Famoni 51oant;»in Spa!
' Have You Eitetc Tribe .Lately.'
1000 feet .above Xana Valley. Climate nnsnr>
F»wed. Views ma^rnSflcent. Table snpptled from
orchard nd ocean, field and farm, Ho: and cold
>"ap a Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoffice.
Burroa to rtde. Bowline alleys,' tennis, croqaat,
swings and hammocks. Sew improvements every
yean Gas and running water in every room. Re*
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TASK. au ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' deliznt: husband}* rear.
Address ANDREW" JaCKSoN, Napa. soda
P. O.
ASTORG mm JIHERAL WATER.
■FOUNTAIN OP PERPETUAL YOUTH: FROM
JT Cobb Valley. Lake County; gr?ate-«t medicinal
, and' curative water on ear-b. Hundreds cured;
thousands recommend 1: in *»n Cisco. Unlim-
* ited sapplr at the depot. 10a Fifth street. Selling
: hundreds of ions daily. :
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
■OESWTCK. teISKIYOC COUNTY. CAL.. A.
-L> noted fishing and health resort Hot tuaJ and
snlphnr baths.
■ EDS OJT BROS.. Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR__THE SUMMER.
I CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
: O rooms: large grounds; fnut and Covers. Ad
dre?» i*. O. box a2S.
HOTEL DEL 3IAU-ON- THE SEASHORE: 31 .
II minutes' ride from Santa Cruz: climate per-
: fee:: table unexcelled: surf bathing. sailing, ro^r-
' in*, fishing: -base-* m«; all trains; children, 3]
to (5 per *cci:; adults. $9 per wees: special ratal ,
i to societies and f amities. Address MaKAUKB '
HOTKL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, LaL, or room li.
j Maze building, S. F. - . <
HOTEL VICTORIA. SONORA, CAL,, THE
' gem of the mountains, famed for its eanabi9
I and salubrious climate; - near nature's woo-
; derland: altitude 1983 -feet; the pleasure and
' health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
' the Hote' Victoria will be found of the highest
i order: rates *10 to 41s per we«ic JOHN C. MO&-
-! BISON, lessee. i . •
; RIVERSIDE BANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
I XI tH River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
' cocino County; round trip, SB 75 from San Fraa-
< Cisco: , fishins, hunting, bathing and boating aa-
. surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excel. tablj;
re lit. fruit, vezetabl-vs raised on . the ranch. T. J.
1 nir.T.KsfiK. Potter Valley. Mendocino Connty.
i " 4 T BELMONT, SAN JIATEO COUNTY j
'J\. board for - gammer months; private family: ,
i bean*tfol grounds; large rooms: 3 minute* from
! station; 1 hour fniCKy. MR"i. HA.vsEN.Be.monu
HOTKL DE REDWOOD, SANTA CRUZ
Monntaius: board $7 to $10 a week: a!ii
! camping facilities, tents, etc. : Address M. a. COX,
! Laurel. # ; : ....'. *:•■:*> ;•"
- 4 NITA VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
iXV Mountains: fine Jaoiilv resort. J. Hit*
I TKRs, proprietor. . ■
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THIS MARKETS.
Shipment of $142,239 to China.
Silver advanced again.
Cereals unchanged.
Bran advanced 60c. ...
Hay weak and plentiful. • ■•■'
Beans nominal. ; .1 !■
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.'
Green Corn getting demoralized. '
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged. - •
Eastern Poultry. went lower. (\\.
leaches, Pears an 1 Plums wanted.
Melons glut the market. | jj I
Grapes plentiful and dull.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits. . •
Provisions unchanged. .
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Coptic took out a treasure list of f 142,230,
consisting of $25,234 In Mexican Dollars and $1606
In Gold Coin, 103,500 in Silver Bullion, and
$12,000 In Peruvian stoles.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top 0 curst
it station indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath It. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths,
during the past twelve hours. . Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poln s of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means hisrh barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanled by fair weather: "low"
nferi to low pressure, and is usually preceded
anil accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high In the Interior
and low alone; the coast, and the Isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain Is probable;'
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmei
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition!
- will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agbicci<
tube, Weather Bureau, Sax Francisco. Aug.
26, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast: ''J.
'1 he following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka .61. Fresno 102, San Diego 74, Red Bluff
93, >an Luis Obispo 92, Yuma 106, San Francisco
64, Leg Angeles M.
ban Francisco data— Maximum temperature 64.
minimum 52, mean 58
An area of bi;h pressure is moving in from the
ocean, the. greatest rise appearing at Roseburg.
During the past twenty- four hours there has been
a gsadual fall from southern and Central Cali
fornia northeastward to the British provinces.
The temperature has fallen over Western Wash
ington and Oregon and will probably fall during
the next twenty-four hours over Northern Cali
fornia and Nevada. No rain has fallen at any
station west of the Rocky Mountains.
Forecast made at ban t rancisco for thirty hours
; ending midnight August 27. 1886: i
Northern .California— Fair Thursday; slightly
coo er in northern portion; fresh westerly winds,
increasing in torce in the afternoon; fog on the
central and southern coast. , •
southern California— Fair Thursday; fresh north
westeriy winds: fog on the coast. -. ■
N vaaa— i- air Thursday ;■ cooler in northern por
tion.
Utah— Fair Thursday; cooler Thursday night.
Arizona— Fair Thursday.
i-an Francisco and vicinity — Fair I Thursday:
sliihtly. cooler Thursday • night; ■ fresh westerly
winds in the afternoon; tog in the morning.
W. H. Hammon. Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
. NEW YORK, N. V., Aug. 26.— The announce
ment of the failure of Hilton, Hughes A Co. had
only a passing effect upon the markets for securi
ties at the opening. There was a disposition to
hammer the list at thai time, but the decline . was
only fractional and was soon checked by a further
reduction In the rates of sterling . and cable ad
vices from London that Kuhn, Loeb & Co. and
other. banking houses intended to import addi
tional amounts of gold on the steamers sailing
from the other side this week. The first decline
was equal to V B @yß P er cent, but before 10:40
a. m: most of the loss had been recovered. Still
later there was another downward turn, the ex
treme apathy shown by the bulls inviting another
- attack. At the lowest point Illinois Steel showed
a tit-cine of 5 points, Baltimore and Ohio 2*/4,
Minnesota Iron 2, Bay State Gas 3V 2 and the gen
eral Hit Vi@' 8 /* percent. . ■
The heaviness of Baltimore and Ohio was at
tributed to rerorts that Expert Little's statement
01 tne flairs of the company will make a veiy un
favorable showing, but as far as known nothing
new has developed concerning the property. There '
was almost an entire absence of outside orders ana
the movements were sluggish, throughout. Near
the clime there was a little more pressure to se.l in
consequence of an advance in the rate for call
loans to 10 per cent. ' .
The market left off dull and steady In tone- net
changes show losses of 14 to % per cent, .Burling
ton and Quinry lending. .Manhattan rose i /g and
Northwest % per cent. In the inactive list Illinois
.steel fell 5, Minnesota Iron 2 ana Baltimore and
Ohio 2. Total sales were 102,464 shares. including
24,700 shares sugar, 15,600 Western Union . and '
10,600 .-t. MauL
tonds were weak. - Sales were only $479,000.
Louisv.lleand Nashv.lle unified fours fell 1 to
69%; Northern Pacific firsts, 2to 10; Southern
Railway consol fives, s/ to 79 -.-United States
Cordage sixes, certificates, y» to 14. . . ■ ■
i Government bonds $22,000 coupon fours or
192. sold at 113@1127/ ; $4500 registered fours of
19-7 / at 105@10 ? $3500 registered coupons at
10614 and *1000 coupon fives at 108^.
Grain.
FLOUR— Steady. ' Spot flour dull, easy, 82 20
©235: Southern flour unchanged.
KYK FLOCR— Quiet, steady, at $2 26@2 76. "
( ORMEAL-Qulet.
RYE— Firm. Western. 40Vi®41c. *
BARLEY-Quiet: 49 pounds quoted at 3\c f. ab."
BARLEY iiALT-Quiet. Western, 48@53c.
WHEAT— market quiet, easier F. o D
677/ c: ungraded red, 57@68c; No. l Northern!
666/gC '
Options opened firm.and unchanged to Vie up
on >or«ign buying and local covering: fell %c on
weakness West and realizing, rallied V4@%c on
covering; closed steady at %c below yesterday
with a moderately : active trade December and
September most active. No. 2, red May 70y 2 c*
August, 63y 8 c; September. 63% c; , October*
64"/ c; November, 66y c: December, 66% c.
CwRN— >pot active • on i export account, easier
No. 2, 265/8 C elevator; 27% c afloat.
Options w»?re: fairly active and closed weak at
y».W"A c decline on I easier cables and foreign seit
ins.'. September and Octob-r most active. Au
gust, 26% c; September, 264fec; October. 27iAc-
December, 29c: May, 31Vi . .
OATS— jspoi, dull, firm. x
Options ; easy, ' dull. ■ August, 20% c; Septem
ber, 20S/ 8 c: October, 20% c. ..•■ .  ■■- . . .
? pot prices: No. 9. 20i / 4@20%c: No. 2whlte,24c-
No. 2 Chicago, 21i4@2i%c; No. 8, 18iAc; No.
3 white.:ilc; . mixeu vVt-stern. 18@21JAl-- .white
do, 'Jo@29c: white State, 20@29c.r.
Ffctu BRAN— 4O@JOc; rye f^ed, 57V8@63VsC
, ! i-ro'vJ«fon«. :
BEEF— PIow, weak. Family, $7 50@8 50; ex
tra, $5 60@:> f.O; beef hams quiet, $15@15 50;
tierced beet, I dull, weak: city | extra India mess'
88 50@10: cut meats.* firm, wanted; pickled bel
lies, 1- lbs, 3(g,53ic: tickled shoulders, > 3Wa>
3 y 2 c; pickled hams, 9@9%c. , > T.
LAUD— Easy, quiet: est*rn steam, $3 75:
city, 83 45; September, S3 66: • refined, quiet;
FINANCIAL. ,
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
ANO NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMEELOCK & CO., '
•■<*; Leidesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954.
■ . BBANCH'OrriCK - .-:v ':-■•■
128 Market SL, Palace Hotel. Tel." Main 6828
-.-. . S. PIKDV, Manager. ■ ■
Orders instantly executed on ' latest .market quo-
' - tations. Reference Ist National Bank, U. F.
CHICAGO. rSIVATJB WI&K. 2*fL W O&S.
continent, $4 25: south. American, 94 70: com*
pound. B@4yB @4y B c. :-\ v .- >/■„.• -- ■- -
. PORK— Active, easy; : new mess, $7 25@8 26. '■ '.
BUTTRK— FairIy active: ', fancy > firm. - State
dairy, 10c:, do creamery,' lly><S)l(|i^c: extra
factory. 7Vsj@H%c: Klgins, 16"v5c: - imitation
creamery, 10@12V<aC. ■ • ■ •..'■• -
CHEESE— Easy; State large, 6@B*4c; do small.
6@B%c; part skims, 2@sc . -- " .
tuys- sreadv: fair demand. State and Penn
sylvania, Iiy 2 @l6c: Western fresh. liv4@lsc; do
case, $2 50. - ■ ■ ' . ' ■ , . . ■-"■■•■"
TALLOW-Flrmer: City, . ay 6 c; country, 3%
@3J^r.
COTTONSEED OIL-Qulet, steady. Crude, 19®
20c: yi-llow, prime. 23c. -'■..••- •
TURPENTINE-Quiet; Wi®*'A- - ••
RlCE— Quiet. Domestic b(a)s?4c; Japan, 40
414 a■: ■ - •-' ■-■. .
MOLASSES— Quiet. New Orleans, 27@37c ,
COFFEE— Steady; 10 to 26 points up. August,
$1O2O@1O3O: September, $9 85@100.>: Decem
ber, $9 3009 50: March, $9 35@9 50; May $9 35
@9 55; July, $9 35. Spot Rio dull, steady: No. 7,
10%.
--m. GAR— Raw, firm, dull; fair re lining. 3c:
centrifugal,' 96 test, 3»<gc: refined, quiet;
off A, 4 7-16@4y c: mould A,' 6c; standard A,
4%c; - confectioners' .A, 4s<gc; cut loaf. , 58/ 8 c:
crushed. 6&/gc; powdered, . 6c; granulated, 4%c;
cubes, sc. . r " *_ '■■■'. ■•■, -■'.-. t-V." ■'>';
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— New. hags, B@9c.
PEACHES — Peeled, •12@14c; unpeeled, 7yo@
B%c. ■ -
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. 4%(5&c. .
RAISINS— rwo-crowL', loose Muscatels. 3-14®
4c: do three-crown. s@sVir: do tour-crowu. sV>c:
do London layers, fl@l 10; do clusters, $1 2j@
1 40. - ■■ - . " ■ '
HoPS-Quieu Paciflc Coast, 4(86i/ 2 c
WOOL-Quiet. Domestic fleece, 16@23c; pulled,
19®31o; Texas, 7@l2c. •-' •/ •
•. . -•. , Merchandise. , ', , ' ■
Tin IBON-Dull: American, CIO 25®12 50.
COPPER-Dull; lake. *10 65@17. / ■ -sgWSgfflt
J-EAI-'-Quiet; domestic, *2 65(^2 70.
UN-Dull; raits. »13 k6@l3 35; plates quiet.
fcPELTKK- Quiet: domestic. (3 65@3 76.
.' IHIUAUO MABKETS.
CHICAG r, 111., Aug. 26.— There was consider
able selling zeal exhibited by. holders of Septem
ber wheat this morning, and the anxiety evinced
had its effect on the other months, causing them
to falter and break in sympathy with the near-by
delivery, Fine weather. Indifferent cables and
good Northwestern receipts (436- cars, against 346
last Wednesday and 677 a year ago) all tended to
infuse an easy tone. For a few moments immedi
ately subsequent to the .opening comparative
steadiness prevailed, but the evident Improbability
that an advance- would ocour soon influenced
longs, and Increased auantitles of . wheat came on
the market. Receipts at Chicago were 87 cars,
and 291,693 bushels were withdrawn from store.
Export clearances were immense, 891,109 bushels
(including wheat and flour) going out. After
they were posted the market was a little firmer in
tone, but those who bought, finding a slight profit
in sight, proceeded to secure it, and in so doing |
caused another decline. Closing Paris cables were |
from 20 to 46 centimes lower for flour, and 15 to
30 lower for wheat. Antwerp was unchanged,
and Berlin 14 mark lower, to % marie higher.
December wheat opened from 6oyg@6Oy4C, de
clined to 69 % c, closing at ,5984@b9%c i,4@s/ 8 c
under yesteruay. Estimated receipts for to
morrow. 150. cars.
CORN— Elected to decline because of the weak
ness in wheat. That was all there was to the mar
ket for this grain; no news calculated to cause In
terest being received, and business still continu
ing in the stagnant condition so familiar of late.
Receipts were 317 cars, and 119,790 bushels were
withdrawn from store. Liverpool cables were Vid
lower, . .Export clearances were liberal at 757,1bv:
bushels. May corn opened at 25%@26c, sold be
tween 'i6(di'26\ac and 953,4 c, cloning at the inside,
14c under yesterday. Es.imated receipts for to
morrow, 600 cars.
O^Ts— a steadier feeling than was noted in the
other markets existed in oats- An undertone of
confidence and strength asserted itself in this mar
ket aud prevented too tree an exhibition of sym
pathy with wheat and corn. Receipts were 217
cars, and 76,500 bushels were withdrawn from
store. May oats closed a . shade over yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 300 cars.
FLAX-Easy : cash, 67J,4@66c. closing at 66% C.
September, 66^4@66c; December. 71®70c. Re
ceipts, 95 caw. . . . '
PROVISIONS— Were weak to-day. Hogs were
lower to-day, which fact was a depressing agent, j
January pork closed 7Vjc lower, January lard 1
2y @sc lower and January ribs a shade lower.
• BUTTER— The receipts of cutter to-day, were
moderate, and the demand good. Prices were un
changed:
Creameries— Extras, 16% c: firsts, 14%©15V!»c:
seconds. ll@18c; imitations, fancy, l'_'©i.ic
uairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll@12c: seconds, 10c
Ladles-Extras, 9y 2 @loc: firsts, 838y 2 c; packing
stock, 7©7V 2 c; grease. 4@sc.
• EGGS — Dull, unchanged. Fresh stock, 12@
12% c 9 dozen. , .
iiONfii— Was' firm at 7% on call and 1% on
umt> loans. Aew 'i tun exchange sold at *1 25 dis
count. ■ • - ■ ■
(losing Prices.
wheat'— August- 66%-.; September. 66<a
56% c; December, S>BS,i@sS>y B e.
I«jKN — Aueust. 2i<g>-'iy c:» September. 21@
2iy 8 c: May, 2584 c..■'■■■■. .■'■■■■
OaTS— (September. 16c; May. 19@19y»c.
PORK-SeMember. *6 42 V 8 : January, C 6 77%.
- iAKI>- September, *M3'JV»: January, 43 77i/ 2 .
l.iiiS>— bepiemoer, 53 15; January, $3 4i.*Va
. Livestock. --- '■
• UNION . STOCKYARDS,-' III., ; Aug. .26.— The
demand for cattle to-day was active and the feel- |
Ing firm. . Offerings were moderate. . Prices were j
sctoloc higher. The run of hogs was fair and
the demand moderately good. Heavy . hogs de
clined sc, bat other kinds were steady. The sheep
market was firm. The demand was - good and the
supply fair. '
CATTLK-ReceiDts. 14.500. Fancy beeves. »4 80
@4 90 : choice to crime. j 1300 to 1 1800 Ib steers,
$4 50(314 75;; good to choice steers. 1 1200 to 1600 &>, '■
$4 25@4 45; medium steers, 1000 to 1450 Ib. 83 90 '
(a.42 0: common to fair steers, 960 to 1300 lbs,
S3 2b® X 85; rough - Western ■ steers. S2 90® 1
3 40: feeders. 900 to 1200 Ib. $2 90@3 86: stock er-,
500 to 875 tb. 92 50@3 45; bulls, = choice to ex
tra, Z'l BOts3 25; bulls, poor to cnoice. $1 75 :
(a>2 75: cows ana heifer*, choice to extra. $3 50@
8 85; cows, fair to choice, %'l 25@3 40: rows,
common to fair canners..sl 25©2.10: calves, good
to choice. *5 60@6 10: calves, common to good,
S3 50@5 50; Texas grass steers. $2 , 40@S 25:
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7502 75; Western can
ning steers, $2 65@4; Western range cows and heif
ers, $2 00@3 50: . milkers and springers, %i head,
$2i><g>3%; Western range steers, $2 75@3 90.
iioas— Receipts. 25.000. Heavy packlnc ana
shipping ' lots. $2 80£83 30: common . to choice
mixed, $2 90@3 50: choice' assorted, $3 65@
65: light, *3 25@3 60: pigs. $2 25@3 60
- .-ii>-i-.i-— iitceipts. 12,00 a: inieriot to choice,
H 2(a,3 60 ! lambs, *3 2 5 a 5 50.
MA* ioi.K STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money sad ; Railroad
: Shares'.-,; «
Money on ■call firm at 6®lo><; last' loan at
8% and closing offered at 8%. Prime ' mercantile
B@lo%. Bar sliver, 66% c" Mexican dollars, 6IV3C: j
Sterling Exchange is weak, with actual. busi- '
ness in bankers' bills at »4 83Vi@4 83V» for s xty •
days, and 4 841,4 @4 84»y% for demand. Posted ;
■ rates $4 84@i 85y 2 - Commercial bills, $4 H2@
4 82%. Government bonds steady. - State bonds
dulL 'Railroad bonds lower. - Silver at the \ board
was higher. - •_■ ■; 3 . ' •
cumrsa stock*. •
Am Tel* Cable.... 78 Norfolk ft Westra. 1%
Atchlson...... ...... 10 * Preferred:...:... 12
Preferred 16 Northern Pacific... 8%
Adams Express... .l3s « Preferred..;...... 15%
Alton. Terre Haute 63 Northwestern 92%
American'Expresslos ' Preferred....... .. l44Vi
AmiTlcanTooacco. &65.4 N. Y. Central...... 9014
Preferred 93 N.Y..Chicago&S.U 90
Bay State Ga5...... 12 Ist preferred..... 60
Baltimore* Ohio.. 12% •*d preferred...... 23
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H.......164
buffalo, Roch AP. IOV2 N. V. & New En*. 20
Canada Pacific... .". 56& N. V., Susq A W... 6%
Canada Southern.. 42y 2 Preferred. ;....; ie%
Canton Land....... 50% 0ntari0. .;.......... 11 %
Central Pacittc 12^ Ontario* Western ll^g ;
Ches. <t 0hi0.....'.. J. 2 Oregon lmprovmnt i/
Chicago Alton. 150 Preferred... ..:... —
Preferred. . ...J7O Oregon Navigation 11
Chicago R. &Q. . 67% Oregon Short Line. 10
Chica E. 1U... 37V 2 I'aclHc Mall :.....; 178/
Preferred »0 Peorla, D. & Evans ls/ a
ChlcagoGas sly Plttsburg<fe W. pfd 15
Cleve& Plltsburg.'. 165 man Pa1ace.. ..136
Consolidation Coal. 31 , Quicksilver. .;..... 13^ !
Consolidated Gas.. 137 * Preferred........,, 15 ,1
C. C. C. & St. Louis 21 Readinst..... ...... 614 I
Preferred. . 73 RloGrande&Westn 15 ,
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 16y 2 Preferred.........' 40 ■
•Preferred......... 90 Kock 151 and........ 521£
Cotton Oil Cert .. fVt Rom«Wat<tOg<len.lll
Commercial Cable! 125 St. L. AB, W. ...... * 344
Del. Hudson.. 116 Preferred 7y 4
Del. Lack* Westrn. 144 SU'Paul 63Vj
Denver* R. 0....: 91A - Preferred..... ....120%
Preferred......... 37% St. Paul «t Dulnth. 18
Di5ti11er5............ — - Preferred 84
General Electric... Is 7/J St. Paul <fc Omaha. 33
Erie.. ......... lly! Preferred......... 115
Preferred 2«J vs St. P. M. 4 M...... 100
Fort Wayne.. ./..M43 Oliver Certificates. 6674 ,
Great Northern pfd 106 Southern Pacific... 18 >-■
Green 8ay....; . r u, Southern R.-8..;.; .6%
Harlem .•..;......." 300 72 Preferred..'....... 18 *
Hocking C0a1...... Sugar Eefinery.r.. 104
Hocking Valley.... IS Preferred. 95ia ;
Horoestake. .-;;; 1 ! 34 , Term. Coal A Iron. 18v a
H. <t Texas Cent... . ; Preferred. . . ..;. .. SO . .
Illinois Central..... ' 86 Texas Paciflc : ft "
lowa Central ...... bxe, Tol. A. A.& N.Mich. —
.Preferred. :.....:. 22 jTol. A Ohio Cent... „20 :
Kansas A Texas.:. 914 •Preferred......... 60
Preferred ..;..:> lfts/7 T«l.Bt. Louis* X.C. ..v 5
Kingston Pern... -3' 'Preferred......... 6
Late Erie A Wes:n 1334 Union Paclnc 4%
• Preferred 58 U. P. Den * Gulf.. ; 1 "
L»ke5h0r«.........139u, U. & Coraage..;;t. Ss/.
National Lead.;... 17 I -Preferred... ;......«
Preferred 76 . Guaranteed " Viy.
long Island.- ..... 65 -'• L- S. Express SO
. Louisville A Nash. 37 7/ 8 Li. K. Leather^ ..... , 614
Louisville. N a* Ch ISi Preferred. 427/j.
. Preferred. .... 6/4u; S. Rubber.. ...;. ;16 8 ,
Manhattan Consol.' 76%. . Preferreo. 39
Memphis* Charts. 15 L tica&B. River.. 150 ;
Mexican Central... 7 |W»b. S. L. A Pao.. : *7/ ;
Michigan Central.. 57 Preferred.:.^..'. .12 !
Minn*a L.::..... , Wells-Fargo. 1,0 ,
Preferred...'......— Western Union.... 76 '
Minn * St. L com. 11 ; Wisconsin Central. is/,
Ist preferred 68 Wheeling AL. X.. 5% •",
preferred :...:. 33 :■ Preferred. 2iy* '
Missouri I'aciflc. ... 16V4 , 0011011 OU pfd. «0i& ,
Mobile* Ohio 15% W. U. 8eef... ;.....v: 5; . t !
'Nashville & Cbau. b7W Al ' n rbor .■.'..... .; 6
National Unseed.. 15 T*j Preferred......... 17^ •
N.J. Central ....;. / ©0% Brooklyn Traction. 19% '
Korth American... 334' trie 2d pi*.. 14% 1
TQE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
C S4s.t*e!stered..lO4%|M KT2ds. 48
Do 43. coupon.... 106 •■ I Do 45;...-... "".' .77
V 4s new, regstrdll'JVi; Mutual Union 'Ss!.' 107 '■■
Do 4s, coupon.... 1 127/ 8 | N J Cent Gen 55. . . 1 1 1
. Do V 5............ 9U/ a .Northern Pac lsts. llo
- Do 55.... .......... 108V2 ■ D0 2d5.~.:;;;.\;..: 105
.' : Jots, coupon.... 108 V 2 'Do Sds.v.-.. ;....; 64 ~- :
Cherokee 4s, 1896. 100 Northwest Consols. 1
IDo 1897. ... ."..'...100. . Do deb 55......:. 104%
Do 1898. .-...:.-.;. 103 OR&Nlsts.... ..105-
Do 1899 ........ 100 StL&lronMtGen 69
raw lie of '95.... OStL& BF. Gen 6s. ; 99^
DC S-655..... ...... 109V4 s ' Paul Consols.... 120
Ala Class A 4s 100 -. St P C & Pa 15t5...108
Do Class 84, 55.. 100 ! Do Pac C»l lsts..l 10 :
La C0n501e5...;... 91 Southern RR5s 79
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. 78
A Carolina con 65.. 110 ■ i Texas Pad tic 2ds.. 14%
D0«5r...';...-..-.. 95 ' Union Pac lsts 9«. 97
So Carolina 4%5... »5 West Shore 4a.. .102
aennnew 55....::. 75 X Mobile Ohio 43. CCA
V a funding dent... 66% X GrandeWest lsls 06 v
Do registered..;.. . - Ches A Ohio 6a.... 100 ,
Do deferred 65.:. "5 ■; Atcmson 4s ...„.; 71-V
Do trust rcpts st. 4 > Do ads A......... 20%
Canada South 2ds.. 100 GHA SA, (to 101 *
Leu Pac lsts of 100 i D02d75... . 95
Den& K(i Ist .. 109% H A Tex Cent 65.. 102 '
..Do 45....... .:..... 83V a , Docones. 102
Krie Ms .....;..' 64% Reading 4s 701,4
Kansas Pa Consols 62 Missouri 84. 100
*.» *•» id is Deo divlOS Alabama, class. C. 90
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eng., Aug. 26.-The spot market
weekerat 6s 6@ss 7d. * Cargoes quiet at 27s 3d.
. FUTUBKS.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for N"o. 2 Red Win a u
gust, . 6s Id: * September, :5s . 3/±d; ( October, ; 6s
l%d; November, 5s 134 d; December, 5s 2a. ■
SKCURITIKB.
LONDON, Ens., Auk. S2&— Consols, 113%;
silver, 30 11-16 d: French Rentes, 102f 67% c.
EXCHANGE AND 'BULLION;'
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5...'....' — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, Bight — 4 88
Sterling Cab1e5.....*.......:...'..... — 4 8934
New York Exchange, sight — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, * 0unce.......;. — 66%
Mexican Dollars — 63%
: - . • ■ • ' _- • ; .'. ■ /.'
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The H. F. Glade takes for Cork 63,
--666 centals valued at $63,688. .
The market shows no further change. No. 1,
95@97%c Tfr ctl; choice, 98% c; lower grades, 87%
@9_'y 2 c; extra choice for milling, $I©l O7Va if*
cl. ' .
. ." ? ..• CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— December—
6000 ctls, 99c: 6000, 99V»c; 6000, 99y±c.
second Session— December— l4,ooo ctls, 99V4C,
2000. 99y B e. .
Rkgulab Mobnins SESSlON— December— 2ooo
ctls, 99y 8 c; 14,080, 99V«c; 32,000, 993/gc. Seller
•96, new, storage paid— 2ooo, 97% c. ...;
.afternoon Session— December— 2ooo ctls,
99 3 8 c: 2000. 99% c; 14,000, 98% c.
BARLE — The Leyland Brothers takes for Cork
76.281 ctls Brewing valued at $69,200.
The market shows no change. Feed, 67y 2 @
62Vac: choice bright, 63Si@«5c; Brewing. 72y (5
80c •£ ctl; Chevalier, 60@80c for No. 1,
CALL BOABD SALES. ■ ■
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— sales.
Second skssoix — No Sales.
Regular Mobntn6 Session— December— 2ooo
Ctls, 68c. .
AFTERNOON SESSION— NO sales. ' '
OATS— of old are well reduced, and ar
rivals of new are thus far light. New Oats. 75®
82yjc; old milling, 87%@92%c; fancy feed. 92y 3
(895 c: good to choice, sr>(a9uc: common to fair,
72y 3 @77%c; Gray, 85@87%c; Surprise, . 95c@
$1 02y a . _
COK.N — The marKet continues inactive.
Large Yellow quotable at 87ya@92y a c V ctl:
Small Round do, 90@92y a c * ctl; White, 72y 3 @
7614 c.
R YE-70@72%c $ CU for old and 62%@65c tor
new. tartcpaaMKlwaßnßMariMßgttl
BUCKWHEAT— NominaI at 86@95c * ctl.
FLOUR AND MILI.STUFFS.
FLOUB— Net cash prices are as follows: ' Family
extras, $3 60@3 70 * bbl ; Bakers' extras, $3 40
@3 60; superfine 92 75@3.
COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, 919 60@20;
Cracked > orn. $20 50@21 fi ton.
MILLSTUFF-— Prices in sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, $2 10;
Rye Flour, $2 50; Rice Flour, $6 75; Cornmeal,
$2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: uatmeal, $2 99; Oat
Croats, $3 50: Hominy, $3 10@3 SO; Buckwheat
Flour, $3 10@3 30: Cracked Wheat, pi 75: Fa
rina, . $3 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats. $3 60; Pearl Barley, $3 60; Split Peas. $3 20;
Green do, $4 10 *$ 100 lbs.
. HAY AND FEEDBTUFFS.
BRAN— Higher at $13@13 60 for the best and
$ 12@12 50 %4 ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $15@16 * ton for lower grades,
and $17@18 f* ton for the best. .
FEEL-STUFFS— RoIIed Barley, «14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 'f ton: jobbing, 9 22; clipped
Oats, 97^c@$l 05 9 ctl.
HAY— 'l he situation is without change. Wheat,
S7@lo ftton: Wheat and Oat. $6 5G@9; Oat, *5m.7;
Barley. $6&7; Kiver Barley, $4 50@5; Alfalfa,
$5 60@6 60 for second and $4 6t)@s Tor , first cut
ting: compressed $6@9; ' stock, 94@5; Clover.
»6 60@7 50. ■--.-.•■-!
STRAW— « bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos is quoted •' at 90c@$l ■V . ctl ;
Small Whites, $1® 10. $ ctl: Pea, $I@l 20
* ctl; Large Whites, \ 90c@»l " $ ctl: Pink,
65@75c * ctl: Reds, $I@l 15 ft ctl; Blackeye,
$1 15@1 40: Red Kidney, nominal; Limas, $2®
2 35: Butters, $I@l 25. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $1 50@l 75 V ctl;
Trieste, $2 25@2 75 %* ctl; Yellow Mustard, $1 60
@1 75; Flax. $1 60: Canary, 2y4@23 4c * Ib: Al-
Jalf a, nominal ; Rape, 2y 2 c fi lb; Hemp, 3 U,c. ■-
• DRIKD PKAs_si 10@l 40 9 cU for Niles »nd
$1 25@1 50 for Green.
POTATOES, ONJOXS, TJiGETABI.Es!
POTATOES— Sweet Potatoes are quotable at
lH^l l^ 9 tt>; Garnet Chiles, 60@65c V c.l; Early
Rose,' 25@35c; Burbank Seedlings, 25@350 for
Rivers an* 7.'@B7y.>c for Salinas. '
ONIONS— Pickles, Sue fi ctl.
VEGETABLES— is lower and demoralized.
Tomatoes continue to bring good prices. Marrow
fat Squash is quoted acsU(B)sß ■$ ton; Green coin,
25@60c ft sack: Alameda Corn. 75c@$l 25 «l
crate; Berkeley ; Corn :is quoted at 50@65c
9 box; Hummer Squash, 15@25c for Bay: Egg
Plant, 25@40c: Tomatoes. 40®50c for Rivers and
50@75c tor Bay : Alameda Cucumbers, 20@25c;
Pickles, Iran c"# lb for No 1 and 35@50c *& ctl
for No. 2: Green Peppers, 26@35c •? large box for
Chile and 25@35c for Bell : Green Peas, 26(&50c
%" sack for common and 2@2y«c ft &> for Garden;
string Beans, 60@75c ¥ sack for common and 2@
- 1 /2 CV- lb for garden: Llmas. iv ? @2c; Green Okra,
25©75 c«* box: Cabbage. 40c p ctl; Carrots, 25®
30c $ sack; Garlic,- 2 @2c V lb. :
. POULTRY AND GAME. ,
POULTRY -A car of Eastern sold at IS® 14c
for Turkeys, $3 for Ducks, $1 25 for Geese, $5 25
@6 for Hens, $s@6 ' 50 for young Roosters, $4@
4 26 for . old ; Koosters, - and $3@B 50 for broilers.
Another car Is due to-day. , .
Local stock, sells well at steady prices.
Live Turkeys are quotable at 14 @ 16c
for Gobblers. 14@15c for Hens: young .Turkeys,
16@18c; Geese, pair, $.®1 25: Goslings, 91 25®
1 60; Ducks, 92 60@3 60 $ doz for old and $3 50®
460 for young; Hens, 4435; Roosters, young, ■
$4 60@6: do, old, $4@4 50:' Fryers, 83 5U@4;
Broilers, $2 50@3 50 for large - and 92@2 26 for
•mall; Pigeons, SI 60@2 ft doz for young and $1 50
for old. .
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER-No change to report.
Creamery— Fancy, 18@19c, with sales at 1 20 c;
seconds, 17@17%c V lb. ,
Dairy— Fancy, 17@l8c * tb: good to choice,
16%@16y c; lower grades, 13@15c.
Pickled— lß@l 7c » lb.
Firkin— 14@15Ci» lb. - ■ ■
. CHKKSE— Fancy mild new, 9c lb: common to
good, 6y2@B%c; Cream Cheddar, 10@llc: Young
America, 9®loc; Western, 10@llc; - Eastern
ll@l3c^lb. v , ■■■■-. ]
EGGS- Fair trade at the quotations. v Oregon
improved prices, bat store Eggs are slow. Oregon.
13@14c: Eastern, 14®16c; store '■ Eggs, 12@14c
for ordinary and 15@17y a c for good: ranch Eggs,
19<a>22y 2 c; cold-storage ranch, 17@18c; Duck
Eggs, 16@17^doz. ■. .
'■-:■ .-■..-.■•-..;,.:.• . -. . ■ ; . . .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
* Peaches, Pears and ; Plums are now wanted by
the cannf rs, who will pay : fall ■• figures i for choice
stock, which is now rather scarce.' '=•> '
Quinces, 40@50c 'v, box and dull. '; > ;
No Nectarines of any consequence here.
Peaches, : 25@66c tf box, 25@45c « basket:
« ton for frees and $26@30 for clinsrs. . .
Plums.- 25<£35c ■*» box and 36@50c ?» crate;
white in bulk,lG@2os ton; Japanese Plums, 20
®40c: Prunes. 25@40c fi box. . . .
App es, 75c@$l V box for choice and 40060 c
for common. ■ jti 1
Cwbipples. 40®50c 9 box.
Pears, 20<a40 ■• % box; Bartletts, 25@60c V box
and 912 60@20 * ton. • ■.-•• ,-■ -. :-■■■■.»•. , ;T: .■
Figs, 2iK<j,6Uc "$ box for white and 35@75c for
black, double layers. • -■ •■'-: : ' ; ••
BERRIKS— - . ,- ■ :r
- < S.i »]* berrieß - * 4 © 5 * chest for Long worths and
92@3 50 for large berries.
Raspberries, 92 50®4 '& chest.
' Blackberries, 92@3 » chest. •
Huckleberries, 6(&7c * lb. ; "-
RAPES— market Is slow, as most of the ar
rivals are rather green. , Seedless. 4O@oOc f> box:
Isabellas, $1 7t@2 ! Tft crate: Tokays, 50@S0c I«a
box; Black Grapes, 35@60c if) box: Unseats, 20
S^ 0 /;.* box: * 'waters ; and • Fontainebleaux,
s®4oc ft box; Grapes In crates bring 6fdlOcmore
than in boxes. ■, .■?. ■■ ■■'::j:r; : v m/- . ■.:.-:■. :.:." ■.. ■.. ...... ,-./>.;;■■
. • MELONS— can taloupes : and I Nutmezs glut the
market Watermelons, '-■ $4@lo :' '# 100: ,= Canta
- 5@@ 5 .V I e * crate; Nuimegs,l6@2oc * box.
ti Ikl 8 l ITS — Oranges -■ are ;'; quotable
at $J@3 for ; Valencia* r and $1 =■ 60@2 . » < box
for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 91««2 » ; box
for common and «2 60@3 for good to choice: Mex
ican Limes, 95 50 V box: California Limes, 76c@
f n°J Bananiul . » I ®2 $ bunch; Pineapples, ?2©
i3soi*dOZ. : t: - v ;.'.,.-■,:■■. . -.-,. ,^
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
. DRIED FRUITd
. - Quotations on the Fruit' Exchange are as fol
lows: •.:•-, -.■ ■: ; ' ■ ''•'■ .-■■■■■
• Carload Lots— New Apricots, 6@6Vicin swat
box, 6@7c ft lb f.o.i b. cons and B@9c for fancy
Moorparks; new Prunes. »^c: n«T reaches, 3y£C
V * in the sweat-box and 4@!%c '■ °- b. roast. „ ■'■
Jobbikg Pricks— New Peaches. 41,4@6c; fancy,'
6%c; Apricots, 6@7c: new evaporated Ad
ples, 6%@6c * tt>;old prunes, 3c for four .sizes;
new Figs, black.' 2y 2 @3c for impressed Mid 3@Hi/ a
for pressed; white is, 3y 2 @4c: Plcms,Sy a 4i4c
for pitted and l@li/oc for uiipitted; new Nectar
ines, 4(^5 C ii lb for fir.me to choice. , . ■ :■•• .■■::) j
; ISAfoLN S— Prices are as follows, carload ; lots, f.
O. h., Fresno: Four-crown, loose, 3%@4c; 3-crown, •
loose, 3y*c: 2-crown, 23/ic TH lb; seedless sultanas,
3c; seedless Musi atels i%c; 3-crown London lay
ers,' 70c $ box; clusters 91 35@1 60: Dihesa clus
ters, $2 10@2 25; Imp rial clusters, $2 60@2 76
Jobbing Priob— Four-crown, loose, '4^/ic; 1 3
crown, 2-crown, 33/ 8 c ■"& Ib; ; seedless Sul
tanas, ib; seedless Muscatels, 3c; S-crown
London layers, 75@903; clusters, 60@l 75:
Dehesa clusters. 82 50- Imperial clusters, 2 75: .
NUTS-Quotations . are as - follows: Walnuts,
nominal; new Almonds, 7c 1* lb for Lan^uedoc,
— — * Ib < for hardshell and 9@loc 't» lb for paper
shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 4@6c $ for Eastern and
-— for 1 California; HlcKory Nuts, 6@6c * tb;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7y3@Bc; Brazil Nuts,
7y a @Bc « ft,; Cocoanuts, *4@5 100. -';'„-„
• HONEY— Comb, 10@12y.jc tor bright and s@9c
for lower grades: water-white extracted, s@sV^c;
light amber extracted, 4y-@43 / ic; dark amber, 4@
*%c; aaric, 2@3c i* Ib. '"
HEEsWaxLduII z6c^ lb. •/-.
PIiOVJSIoNS.
' CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at 6y3C
for heavy, '- 7y aC Ib ; for light medium, 9<a9i/aC
for light, It'®] lc for extra light and 12c forsugar
cured;, Eastern- sugar-cured Hams, 12@12 i
California Hams, 10@llc * lb; Mess Beef, $7®
8: extra mess do, ; $8; family 'do, , flO: ,: extra
prime. Pork,«sß@B 50; extra clear, $13 "§> bbl:
mess, $11 50@12 i» bol; (-moked Beef, 10c 1» lb.
■ LARD— Eastern tierces is quoted at 4Vic «4 ft
for compouna and 614 c for pure; palls, 6c $ Ib;
California tierces, 4y 2 c for compound and 5V2° ;or
pure; 'half-bbls, 6»/ic- 10-lb tins, 6i4c: : do 6-tt>,
6M..C * lb. ■ T ... .- ,
_ COTTOLJENE— 6y @6i/ic in half-bbls and 63/4®
"Vi * lb in 10-lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted " steers
are quoted at \6c '& ■• Ib; culls : and ■ brands,'
6@sy a c %i ib; medium, 5c ?» Ib; culls and
brands, 4®4.y 3 c Ib; light, 4c; culls and
branas^ 3@3%c; Cowhides, 4@4y 2 c: culls and
brands, 3@4c; salted Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c ¥ Ib:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides, 9@9V4c: culls and
brands, 7c; dry Kip and Veal, 7(&8c; culls, 6c;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, B@9c: Goatskins, 20@
85c each: Kids, : sc: Deerskins, good summer,
'_'5(0;27y a c: medium, 15@-2y 9 c; winter, 7@loc;
KheepsKins. shearings. LOS 15c each; short wool,
20®35c each; medium, 4UCg.SOc each: long wools,
50@60 each. Culls of all kinds about y 2 c less.
'J ALLOW— No. 1. rendered, a (a 3c; >o. 2,
2^c; refined, 434@5c: Greasa, 2c & Ib,
WOOL— Humtotdt an 4, ; Mendocino 10@llc
Ib; Valley Oregon, 10@llc; do lower grades, B(j>
10c; Nevada, e@8 l /2c: San Joaquin and Southern
Coast, six mourns, 4@6c; San Joaquin, foothill,
good to choice, '6y 2 @7V2 c < San- Joaqulo, year's
fleece. 4@si.Ac; nortiieru tree, 7@9c; do defective,
6@6y c^lb: - .
HOPS— Nominal at 2@4Cjltb for 1895 and 60
for 1896. . .. .-.....■-• :
SAN FRANCISCO MiSAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are an follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. 4@
4V a c; third do, 3V 2 c Ib. -
V EAL— Large, 4@sc; small, s@6c $ Ib
MUTTON— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 4@4y 2 c
LAMB— $ ft. - *
PORK— Live lions. 3c "$ ft for large and 314 c
for small and medium ; dressed do, y @s 14c V tt>.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, 94 25: San
Quentin, 94 20; Wool Bags. '.'4^2@26V<aC.
COAL— Wellington. 98 %4 ton; New Wellington,
98 r> ton: Southfield Wellington, 97 50 $ ton;
i-eattle, $5@5 50: Bryan., $5; Coos Bay, 94 50;
Wallsend, 97: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, 97 50;
Cumberland, 913 50 $ ton in bulk and 915 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Bag, $11 W ton; Welsh
.* nthracite, 99; Cannel. 97 50: i.ock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60; Coke,
911@12 in bulk and 913 $ ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western sugar Hednlng Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube and Crushed, 5Y»c;
Powdered, 58/ 8 c; Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c; confectioners' A, 4%c: Magnolia A,
43/ g c; txtraC,4V4c: GoidenC, 4V»<-; half barrels.
V*c more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PKOUUCE.
FOB 24 HOUBB.
Flour, qr sks 16,958] Straw, tons 41
wheat.ctls 8.110 Butter, ctls 35
Barley, ctls 1 3,495 j Cheese, ctl 209
Oats, ctls 2.OBSIKRgs, doz 930
Beans, sks 800 Hides, no 49
Corn, ctls 1.^85 Pelts, bdis 30
Potatoes, sks.... 6,058 Wine, gals 28,080
Onions, s<s 804 Leather, rolls 5
Bran, sks 885; Wool, bis 156
Middlings, sks... 29H! Sugar, bbls. 4,912
Hay, tons 476|
THE STOCK MARKET.
The leading Comstocks were a trifle higher yes
terday with the usual light sales. The close was
firm.
The Con. Imperial assessment falls delinquent
in office to-day and the Besi & Belcher delinquent
sale takes place also.
The Stockton Electric Railroad Company has
levied an assessment Of (6 per share, delinquent
September 23.
The Anglo-California Bank will pay a semi-an
nual dividend next mouth.
The semi-annual dividend of the London, Paris
and American Bank will be paid next month.
In the Bolwer Consolidated on the 200 level
stopes 9 and 10 above crosscut 2 south still furnish
the bulk of the ore and the grade is about the
same. On the tunnel level raise 1 from stope 6
shows ore which Is narrow, but of good grade. In
raise 2 trom stope 9 the ore Is very small and
poor, but they will continue to prospect the
grouud. The intermediate drift from the raise
was advanced six feet through barren quartz and
clay, improving to ore of better grade. Extracted
during the weeK 13.6 tons of ore assaying from
$18 to $160 per ton; true average, $38.
In the Bodie Consolidated for the week ending
August 22, on the 200-foot level In the Gildea
ledge, the raise was advanced 11 feet through old
fillings and 4 feet is in new ground showing 8
Inches of ore, sampling a Ik tie over f 120 per ton.
This is a 1 illar left by old workings, and its size
cannot be determined. The north drift No. 2 from
the long east crosscut was advanced 2 feet and dis
continued. On the 300-foot level, 150 feet of drift
and crosscut leading to the Burgess ledge have
been retracked, preparatory to pushing the south
drift further, and 4Vfe tons of $20 to $25 rock,
found in the breast ot this, have been run out to
the shaft and hoisted. On the 350-foot level, 26
tons o^, fillings from the Fortuna vein, south and
west of the shaft, have been taken out. On the
400-foot level in the Fortuna velu 8 tons of fillings
have been extracted, which ere of rather low
grade. The Mono drift has been run north on th c
Fortuna from the east crosscut, showing hard
quartz and porphyry in the face. On the 660-foot
level, work on the Fortuna vein near the Standard
line has been discontinued temporarily, pending
better facilities for working. On the surface they
are cleaning out around the ore chutes and under
the pans in the mill, and are running the material
in the pans at the Standard mill.
'1 he Mayflower gravel mine in Placer County,
which has been leased totrUuters, is now being
run by the comp ny. Recently pay gravel wa-i
struck in what Is known as the West Orono
channel, which crosses the main Mayflower chan
nel at right angeles. This pay gravel is 3V2 to 4
feet thick, and a recent eruthlng of 400 carloads
gave an average of »'J 90 to the car. of which
about $1 75 per car is clear profit to the company.
Yesterday the fltst bullion shipment from this
gravel, valued at $2000, was received. The mine,
after paying a total of $l«;,000 in dividends, or
about $2 80 per >hur ■ on the 60,000 shares of
capital sto'-K. reached a period of adversity in
December, i 895, when the last dlviden.l of 10
cents per share was paid. The main channel fro >
which the pay gravel was taken was regarded as
we 1 worked out. The company, fortunately, had a
surplus of $2u,000 m its treasury, and was anle to
keep along until r>centiy, when all work on its
own account stopped, and the mine was leased to
tributers.
BOARD . SAI.ES.
Following : were the . sales in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday : , < . -.; r\
EEOUUR MORNING SKSgION, COMMENCING 9 :30.
200 Ande5.... 821860 801wer... 86,1500 C Imp .02
100 .V.:: :.—-..-. 31 100 Cb11r.... 1.95400 &0....:.64
300 B*a...i.io| • v :■•• - :
AFTKRNOON SESSION— 2 : 30. V
160 Belcher... 25 H&N...1.30H00 8ar...;... .62
400 B &8...1.1050J Mxcn...».51'200 Scorpion..os
100 8011i0u....07 150 Occld 61 100 See Bel. . .09
100 Bulwer..:. 39 100 Ophir 97 60 SNt ......42
660 Choir.. 60 0vrmn....14 60 ...V.......41
100 CC*V... 1.86 400 Potosl 87 10J x"Ja0K«1..33
100 U&C......52
- Following were the : sales •in the Pacific Stock
. Board yesterday : *^'EHffl-jj'lfiiß tfMWWHßßal
.- ."■' ■' ' BE3IIUB SESSION— IO :30." '.'.■ ', ''-' . . '.
300 Alpha O6IKOO C P0.nt....25 230 0nh1r.....P8
400 A1ta...;.T.08 500 Excnqr.. .03 200 Overman. 13
500 Andes.:..3l 400 U&C... 54 300 P0t05i.....84
200 Belcher ..23 300 1.22y. 400 ...........85
960 8AK.i.07%600V;..'.r.V.1.25 300 :r.........-.86
400 1.10|200 Julia 07 400 Savic.....-.54
200 Bodler--v.«5 300 Justice.. ..os 700 Scorplon-05
200 Bullion. 300 Alex... ...54 Loo 58& M....09
300 Caled.;:. 11 100 0ccd ; . . ... 65 300 a v. ..... 43
400 Choir. .1.95 100 ........ .6« 1000 8 Hill..
600 ...... 1.117% 200 ;..-.;;.....; 57 60UUu10a.....33
i200.-.....;..'.2.00 100.— ....-..-.'.58 500 Utah 07
250 CCV.... 600 ...V.—....59 V Jc1cu.,.31
;. 60 Conn 82 .-:'•■'';■ I -•'.. ■
r AKTKRNOOBf SESSION— 2:3O.,'
200 AlDha OK 160 CCV.1.82JA'3000ccd......58
200 Alta . .r. 08 400 r.T.7. .... 1.85k00 ... .TV ... . : 62
250 Andes ..Si 100 Contii.:.:.Bs!lOO Ovrmn.._l3
1800 B <ti>..l.l< 300 C P0int... 25:200 Poioai 87
200 Bodie 65 .00 G& C...V.54 300 .:..;..:... 86
200 Bullion.. 300 .:...:...: 55200 ...........89
100 8u1wer... .36 300 HdtNl.27y 3 700 5*T. ...... 64
200 Cha1n?...37 300 .V......:.1.3u JOO 55
250 Choir 1.97^ BWfeljM 1.321 A 300 8 Nt.:....43
200 ..........2.0^4011 Mxcn..:..6H 400 Union C...J3
200 ;:..-.T.3.02V& lou M0n0..:. .^0 SOU X Jaoic«M3l
200 ...:..... 2.00 ; 200 0phir :;....98 ,'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: WEDNESDAY, August 26— 4 P. It ■
. ■'•'' £Id.Asked.\' ■- . Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 04 06 Jackson :25 ; —
Alt*...- ..:... 08 ; 09 Julia..- ::~.... — v 08
Andes. ....... 30 31 Justice.;.......* 04 05
8e1cher...:.... ;24 '■:'■> 26jKemuc* 06 08
Best «£ Belcher 1.05 S 1.10 lAdy Wash.... ; 02 04
Benton Con " — ■ • 20 Mexican..'..;.. - 51 63
Bodie ......... 63 65 Mono ..;.;;;../— 21
Bullion ........ 17 ■ o*l Nevada Queen, "03 —
Bulwer. ...... 39 40 Occidental. .... 62 63
Caledonia...... 10. ll]Ophir. ....96 98
Chollar. ..2.00 2.05 Overman...... 13 14
Cbn.Cal&Va..'.l.Bo ' 1.85 i'bt051.......... : 89 90
Challenge Con.; 35 37 5avage......... 64 ' 66
Con. Imperial. '.02 •03 Scorpion.;;....- ,' — 06
Confidence.... 80 85 t-eg. Belcher... .09 10
Con New York 04 ■—Syndicate..... — 04
Crown Point... 26 26 silver Hi 11.... 01 03
East Sierra Nev — 04 Sierra Nevada.' 41 42
Eureka Con 25 — Union Con 32 34
Exchequer.... 03, 04 Utah...:....... 06 08
Ooula & Curry. 52 54 Yellow JacKe*. 32 S3
Hale iSNorcrs. 1.30 1.35
'/.'. GOLD MllMXi JBXOHAXOS.
Champion Princess.
Bid 1800Asxed 70
Asked 26 00 Providence
Edna Asked 78 00
Asked 36 Savannah ...
Grant.. Asked 48
Bid 2t 100 Stoaatopol 32
Asked 4t suO „ 33
Keystone Thorpe
Bid 66 00 Bid 55
Kennedy Asked 80
B!d „ 850 100 Con Virginia... 185
200 Lockwood Con.. 2f 300 Chollar 195
800 2* '00 Gould <fc Curry. 63
200 BC.<ooSavage 64
' •- •■-' .'- ■ LOCAL SECURITIES, . .
Asked Spring Valley Water....".:......... 95 00
Bid San Francisco Ga5... .................. 85 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WBDNJSBDAY. An*. 28— P. If.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ; . ■
B1(t. " diked. V ■■; ■- > Bid. Atked.
0 8 4«e0np..105i/ 3 — ÜB4srez... — 107*4
Co new i*auelliy a ill% ' ...7*
V MISCKLLANKOtT* BOWTJ*
Cal-stCbleSs. — 111 PacRoIIMS% -. •_
CalElecLßs — 118^ Do 2d is 6s. — _
Cntra CW 5s — 93 P*ORyB». — . 115
Dpnt-stex-cp '— ■ 98 P<fcCh Ry6s — 10714
EdsnL*P6s - 120 Pwl-st KRB*. — 116*2
F&CHKK63. — 106V 3 Reno, WjIAL — 105
Geary -stRSs. — '1073/2 Sacto P L. — 102 y,
LosAngLOs. — .«, 99 SK&NPRSs. 95 97V0
DoUuteed6s - 95. SPRRArtz6s — 97*4
Mkt-stCble6s — 121 SPRRCaIBs. - llOVv,
Doßy Con 55.. 10234 — J6PRRCaI6s. — ■ —
KatVlnßslst 96 — SPBrRCaIBs, _ 991,4
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 ;SVWater6s.. — 118i£
NPCRR63.IOO - . SVWateris.. 96% 87V2
N Ry Cal 6s. — 100 !stktnG*E6s — 7 100
NRyCalSs. — 100 SunstT<feT6s. — -
Oak Gas 55..10'J- _ suiter-»:Uoi.io6 110
Do2d is 65.. 100 104 VlsaliaWCftt — —
Omnibus os. — 117 ■ -.
"WATJCB stocks.
Contra Costa — 40 - | San Jose.. _ _
Marln C 0.... 60 ...-^ |Bprng Valley 94'^ 96*4
. CAS STOCKS. " .. "_
Capital 17i/ a 30 iPaciHc Llcht — 48^4
Central- 95 — ISanFrancsco 86 —
OakGL<fcH — 62 Stockton. . , . . - 80
PacUaalmp. 80 85
..".X> mSUItANCIt STOCK* .
Fireman's Fdl 6 s -170 |8pn ";;;..'..;. 25 60
. . COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS
Amerß&TC — — LondonP&A. 133 126
Anglo-Ca1.... — 58 London&SF. _ 27%
BankofCal.. — 234 Merch Ex... 13 —
Cal S D&TCOIO9JAI2O Nevada...... — —
FlrstNatlonL — ibO SatherßCo. -* —
SAVIN-OS BANK : STOCKS.
OerS&LCo. 1250, 1260 savA Loan.. -.100
Jinmh SAL. 1100 1450 Security...... — 276
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
bi'SavUnioa — 480 * '
BTBKET BAIiROAT*
California.... — 10S |OakSL<&flar — 100
Geary-st. — 56 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t.... iOVj 41 Sutter-st — —
fOWOKB STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — iGlantCon.... 16V» 18
Eastern D... 70 — Judson 0..«. — —
Calliorma.... 70 — IViicorlt. — 900
MISCBLLA.VKOIIS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkr*. 88 90 NatVlnCo.. — _
BlkDCoaiCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo — 30
Cal Cot Mills — — PbcauxFA 1 —
Edison Light 109% — PacßoraxCa W 100
GaaConAssn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
Ger Lead Co. 80 100 Part PainlCo 6Vi 7Vs
HawCASCa, 15 — PacTr»nsCo. — 24
nntch S PCo l»sfe 20 Pac T4T Co. 70 80
MerExAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MElecLiKht — 4V 2 UnitoU CCo. — Hi
l.St *l£.*al;fi.
Board—
162 Edison Light & Power Co. 110 00
10 S F Gosllent 86 25
15 S V Water 94 87%
Street—
' 3 Edison Light* Power Co 110 00
80 V Water... ...'.::..... ... 96 00
B A LKS— AFTERNOON' SJGSSIO*.
20 Alaska Packer*' Association ?.« 09
23 Edison Light <fc Power Co 110 00
60 Hawaiian Commercial. 15 00
45 S F Gaslight 86 50
208 V Water 95 00
street—
4SFGasllsrht 67 00
40 do do 86 60
5 3 V Water »5 00
• — ♦ — *
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Franklin Savings and Building Association to
Honora Lyons (wife of John M. ), lot on NW corner
of Greenwich and Laguna streets, W SI :3 by N
100; 910.
Wilhilmina Heunlsch to Adam Heuniscb, lot
on N line of Fulton street, 112:6 E of Broderick,
E 25 by N 115; 910.
Robert M. and Margaret B. Lindsay to Charles
Morrice, lot on 8 line of Twenty-first street, 60 E
of Chattanooga, E 26 by S 104; 910.
-Mary P. Ho*an (formerly Warnck, wife of Pat
rick) to Maria Pldgeon, Tot on E line of Shotwell
street, 100 S of Twenty-fourth, S 25 by E 122:6;
gift.
James and Mary Towey to Joseph Stoltz, lot en
W line of (astro street, 198:4 Sof Eighteenth, S
24:8 by W IKS; 910.
Carrie C. Killip to Jasper N. Killip, lot on N line
of Post street, 137:6 W of Jones, E 22:11 by N
68:9; Rift.
Jacob and Llna Hfyman to Louis Na.er, lot on
W line of Adeline street, 100 N of Augusta, N 50
by W 100, lots 307 and 308, Silver Ternfce Home
stead: 9300.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mrs. Anna
R. Read, lot 11, Odd Fellows' Cemetery; 960.
ALAMKDA COUNTY.
G. Bartholomew, s. Ringolsky, M. Jacobs, A.
Bercovich, selina Haplro (administratrix of the
estate of J. Sapiro, J. Samuels and Beth Jacobs
congregation by commissioner) to L'nlon Savings
Bank, lot on E line of Harrison street, 62:6 8 of
Fifth, S 37:6 by E 100, being lots 5 and portion of
lots 6 and 9, block 39, Oakland; $1471.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for
William Harris) to San Francisco Savings Union,
lot on X line of Henry street, 10 NW of Third,
N 25 by E 125, block F, Bay View Home- I pad,
Oakland : also lot on S line of Chase street, 80 Eof
Pine, E 60 by S 136, Oakland; 91100.
Oasland Bank of Savings to Bridget Killoran,
subdivision. E of lot 7, block 791, watts Tract,
map 2. Oakland; 95.
Bridget Killoran to Frank G. Schullerts, lot on S
line of H street, 108 W of Holds, W 25 by 8 100,
being subdivision E of lot 7, block 791. same,
Oakland; $10.
O. S. and Mary F. Orrick to Myron T. Holcomb,
lot on NW line of Adams street, 90 NE of Oak
land avenue, NE 34 by NW 120. block F, Oakland
View Homestead, Oakland: $10.
Myron T. and Mai ion B. Holcomb to O. S.
Orrick, lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, 50 NE of
East Eighteenth street, NE 60 by SE 100, block
107, Clinton, subject to a mortgage for 92860,
East Oakland; 910.
James O. Barrows to John M. Chretien, lot 53,
Capital Homestead Map of property Capital
Homestead Association, East Oakland; 96.
F. R. and Rosa M. Shattuck to A. Hamelin, lot
on N line of Kussell street. 74.85 W of Tremont,
W 80, N 131.16, E 80, s 181:6 to beginning, being
lots 21 and 22, block 21, Shattuck Tract Map 6,
Berkeley; 910.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Henry W.
Taylor, lot on W line of Fifth street, 226 s of Ban
croft way, s 25 by W 125, being the S bait of lot
8. block 127, corrected map Raymond Tract,
Berkeley; 95.
i ester G. and Mary I. Burpee to Louise A. Murr,
lot on X line of second avenue, 140 Sof Orchard,
S 35.60 by X 160, being lot 14, block F, Stone
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
M. Diggs to A. H. Breed, lot on W line of Firu
avenue, 175. 80 Bof Orchard, S6O by W 150, being
lot 10, block B, name. Brooklyn Township; 910.
Alice Race (wife of Albert J.) to Andy L. Stoae,
all interest in lots 60 and 73, Marion Tract. Brook
lyn Towuship; 91.
H. C. Campbell and T. B. Kent (trustees for E.
B. Nettleton) to San Francisco savings Union, Jot
on SW corner of Minturn street and Eagle avenue,
W 58 by * 100, b.ock 61. resubdivision of block
68 und portion of block 61, town of Encinal, Ala
nieda; 9730.
Margaret P. McC ourtney to James F. and An
nie T. McCourtney. lot on SW cornet of Railroad
avenue and Filbert street, W 50 by si 60, being the
N 60 feet of lots 26 and 27, block 485, Oakland;
same to Alfred I. McCourtney. lot on N Hue of
.Founh street, 43 E of Harrison. E 49 by N 100,
block 39, Oakland; also lot on E line of Telegraph
avenue, 10360 8 of Fortieth street, E. 149.50, 8
256. 70. SK 149.53, N 255.80 to beginning, being a
portion of McCourtney Tract, Oakland Township:
also lot on £ line of Telegraph avenue, 137.45 S
of Erie street, 8 86.55, E 140. N 83.74, W 140 to
beginning, being portion of tame, Oakland Towa-
J Same to James F and Annie T. McCourtney. lot
on se corner of Telegraph avenue and Fortieth
street, sE 289.80 by SW 103.60, Oakland Town
ship: gift. .'_..*.
-ame to Mary A. Beld n, lot on S line of Forty
third street, 234.03 W of division line between
Montgomery and McCourtney propertj-, thence w
60 by 8 96, reserving cottages on said land, Oak
land Township: gift.
Same to same, lot 29, block 2100. McCourtney
Tract, Oakland Township; also lot on N line of
Hobart street, 370 W of Telegraph avenue, W 60
by N 100, Oakland: also lots 20 and 21. block
aioi, McCourtney Tract. Oakland Township; also
lot on N line of Forty-fourth street, 254-11 W of
Telegraph avenue, W 400, N 100. Jfi 360, N 95. E
50. w to S line of Forty-fourth street, to beginning,
block 2*lol, same. Oakland Township; gift.
9:30.
Builder* 1 Contracts.
John Hurson with 8. Wray, alterations and ad
ditions and moving a two-story frame building on
E line of Buchanan street, between Greenwich
and Lombard; f1163; Alva R. Wilkins architect.
Mary Gllroy with A. C. Boule. to erect a two
story frame building on the NW comer of Clement
street and Sixth avenue; «290tf: tt. G. Bugbee
architect.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
G Lingo, Suisun A Lundberg, Chicago
R White, Grass Valley G M Bruce, .-an Jose
A Murray, San Mateo s 8 Littlehate, Stockton
J J Tearey, Marysv.lle G C True, Cal
M Brennan, Stockton E Tratz, CSS Oregon
C H Tllman, Sacto J Carroll, Bloomfleld
E A Minniiii. Cal H Adams, Cal
F R Renels, Sacto S P Hart, Cal
B M Lelong, Sacto H W Albery, Colusa
C F Bums, Cazadero V B Granger, Alvarado
R E Scott, Placer ville E X Walien. Placerville
G S Brown, Grants Pass G A Smith, Courtiand
Mrs W Schaw, Sacto C E Domuntim «few, L A
R S Wallace. Boston L A Sheldon, Pusadena
J F Taylor, Phila A Neilson & w, Sacto
A L Mcc'andless. Cal F W Christopher, Cal
Miss May Bak--r, Winters Wm P.aker, \Vmters
T V Wagoner, S lake F LOilber:, -Minn
D B Waifield, Oik.and J Enright, Redding
J W Fariell, NY T H Frost, Salem
C E Turner <fe w, Cal John Bean, Cal
0 W s-tewart, College C C E Stewart, College C
E M Mannon, Los Ang C \\ r McLeoJ, N V
P Hardiug&s, Petaluma L L Chamberlane<few,Cal
C O White <fe w, Cal Mrs lAde la Rosa, Cal
Miss Rosa, Cal R E Kain <fe w, Cal
CT Wilkinsn.Cal W Johnston, Courtiand
J V Devendorf, San Jose Mrs S Runyon, sta Cruz
Miss O Rnnyon, Sta Cruz Miss Z Mann, Sta Cruz
C A Campbell, Red Bluff S .uoane,, Cal
S Blum, Martinez
LICK HOUSE.
M D Fielding, New York E B Noble, Wash, D C
Mrs R I Bentley, Sacto C R Gardner. New York
W M Burckhalter, Nev B G Pratt. Kent, Conn
AC Millmun, Davisville W F liarney, Stockton
D C Lane, Pomona B E WinD<fe w, San JL>:e?O
R Devlin s r , s-acto E J Devlin, Sacramento
M's J G Byrne, Glen H E Picket, Placerville
Brook Farm F E Spencer, San Joae
Mrs X i asper & tv, Cal SB \V right, Cal
R C Terry, Clayton P E Hirschel, ill
C R Thompson, Portland MUs Campbell, Oroville
Mrs Ritter, Oroville F B Sutliff & w, Sacto
R C Minor, Stockton Mrs X H Brigjis, Cal
C RTlllsou A w, Modesto W N Chester, V S N
J ilcQuig. Murphys Mrs J H MTownsend.San
G W Averill * w, B C Jose
H Levy, Half moon Bay L H Garrisus, Salinas
W Sexton, San Jose H Eickhoff. San Rafael
R J Langford. San Jose W M Larmour.Duncn :spr
W P Boyd, Willows J T Harrington & w, lal
Miss si. Harrington, Cal Mrs X Hatton, Monterey
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J E King. Hollister R E May, Sonora
Miss M M*y, Sonora J H I.og'ie, Los Angeles
E A Bigry, Los Angeles C McCoy, San Carlos
W R Sawers, san Diego T A Burt & wf, Denver
W a Green, Portland C Walden. Fresno
J Smoot, Hollister Mrs J G Gilbert, Mercea
S H Hollenback, Fresno F W Busey, New York
C S ScanlU, .New York G Clarke, New York
F B Harris, Chicago G H Eufford, Sacramento
J Mason, Omaha s McDermoit, Cleveland
J S Pods, s.ockton D H Job, Xtw York
E T Moirls, New York F Herman, Santa Rosa
J Miller, Sacramento w Bohn, Sacramento
W Harkan, Pe;aluma X H Bairett, New York
T Callaghan, Antioch W W U untlnfjton, 111
W Scarlet, Susun 0 Newman, Berkeley
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Mahoney, Chicago B Bates, Courthan
L Lewnnell, Sacramento J M Randell & lam. Cal
G A Huber, San Antonio O Jones and fam, Albany
J Christopher, Valiejo Mrs Goidsmi h& son, Cal
T Reilly, s 8 Queen A B Knight. Butte
JChrlstenson.Urentwood J M Dodge. V 8 N
G P Brady, Oakland P fcummerfipld, Boston
R H Eddy, Boston P M Henry, Boston
J P Jones and w, Boston J F Downey, N V
W H Bennett, NY C R Potter, Chautauqua
R E Peckham <fe w, N V Mrs Potter, Chautauqua
J Polland <£ w, Lewiston N Cheney, Prtscott
H N (obh & w, Spokane A \V oolslayer, Benicia
C Bates &w, btockton J Thomas. S V
W Jackson, NY C Rucks, Vernalls
PALACE HOTEL.
F X McCreery, Mich O G Saye, Sacto
G Case it wf, Sacto J T Morse & wf, Los A
T B A Price, Boston W D Davis, San Diego
W P Pearson, Stanford 11 Carey, *acto
B V Bower <fc wf, Ohio J Baer, Cincinnati
C J Dudley, Fort Union G T Green, St Louis
A L Pearoe, London W w Adams, Mont
H A Ke.ler, Mont E Cumenge, Paris
W W Thomas, Ft Union W B Dudley, Stanford
F S Johnsou A wf, Mariu C H Phillips, S«B Jose
F F Mart, fc.lk Park E W Hitchings & wf.NY
Miss Armitage. Newark C A Bond & wf. Marin
BALDWIN HOTEL.
H McCurn <fe w, Mill Val Mrs H Mat hew*, S Jose
J W Keegan, S Rosa I Narks, Louisiana
W Levy, Woodland J D Peters. Oroville
FD Cobb, Stockton H J Corcoran, Stockton
M C Ellis A w, S Clara S Wile, Cal
Miss L Allen. Stockton E O'Brien, Chicago
F T Dwyer, Sacto P Sells, Ohio
Mrs W 1 Smith, Los Ang Mrs W Oakley, N V
C X Moore, Chicago H J Wood, N V
A Horrible Insult.
"How did Billings, the actor, come to
cbanee boarding-houses?"
"His landlady got personal the other
morning."
"How was that?"
"Well, she was particularly proud of her
breakfast, and she asked him how the eggs
struck him." — New York World.
THE CALL CALENDAR,
Acgust. 1896.
lv.
Mo.
To.
W.
Th.
Fr.
Ma. ! > Moon's Phases
I ' Last Quarter.
_"^ August 1.
8 /tot : New Moon.
.!_ \\& August 8
!
—
S
4
6
6
.7
r~—
10
11
12
13
14
15 /""ftFirs: Quarter
s^ August 16-
--22 — •
®Full Moon.
" — v£/ -August 522
29 ; — : _
, /T^Last Quarter.
V^ August 31
—
I |
16
17
18
19
20
21
— '
— —
23
24
26
2«i
27
28
• ■■
30
I 31
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Paten of Departure From San Francisco.
Coos 8ay....
C mat 111 a....
Orizaba.
Acapulco....
Araco ....-
Corona
Australia....
Pomona...:'.
Weeott.;....
State or Cal.
Bmrtta ..„■
True If ....
UltyPuebla.
50n01........
Empire...;.
Santa Rosa.
Faralion...
Columbia.
>«woor: .;„..
Vie A Pet ana
Mexico
Panama.
coot itar...'...
San Diego.....
Honolulu
Hamboldtßay
Eel River
Portland.... ..
Stwoor: ..;.;.
Coos Bay ;
Vie <fc Pet Sna
Grays Harbor.
(>reron ports. .
Ban Diego
1 aautna Bar..
Portland .....'.
Auir 27. 9am
Au?27. tin
Auk '.'B.loam
Aub'Jß,l2 M
Aug 28.10 am
Aug 29.11au
Auk 29.10 am
Auk 29, :pu
Aug ho. '9am
31.10 am
Au? 31, 9am
Sept 1,1 m
Sept - 1, ■ oam
Sept 2, IS m
Sept : 2, , 6pm
Sept 3.11 am
-ept 8. 9am
Sept 5.10 am
Pier 11
Pier a
Pier 11
PM 8!
Pier 13
Pier 1 1
Pier 7
Pier J
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier LI
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 'i
Pier 13
Pier II
Pier 2
Pier 2*
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
STEAMER . !
ROM
'UK
C0r0na... .......
A1ameda........
Arago •■•*••
State of Cat..;..
Kio ac Janeiro..
City of i'ueoia
•Newsboy.......
Pomona.
Koreica ....
Cr«»o»ac City. ..
Del Norte
Weeotu ........
Empire .........
C010n..;...-....
ennoi ...;....-
■aat* K0*a.. ....
Mackinaw......
.Fara110n ........
Coos 8ay...... -
A reata... .......
Walla Wa11a....
ColnmDla .......
North fore...
San Ule?o».
Australia
Coos 8ar............
Portland .....:.....
China and Japan. :...'.
Victoria «fc i'wk donna ..
Tillamook
numooia; Day.....:......
Newp0rt................. ..
Crncaat uitr. .......... ..
Grays Haroor -. ..
Eel Kiver .... ........... ..
Oregon ports -
Panama. .'...
Urays ±iaroor
Han JJi«»o- ....... ...... ..
iwonu ......... . ....... ; .
Taauloa 8ay ...... ...~...
Newp0rt............... ...
Portland ..
Victoria <fi Pnnc souna ..
P0rt1and ....... . ...'. .......
Bnm>x>l<U 8ar...... . :.: : .
Aug 27
Aug 27
Aug 27
Aug 28
A uk 28
AUK 28
AUg 28
Auc 28
Ang 29
auk 29
AUC29
Auc29
Aug 30
Aug»l
Auk 31
A us 81
Aag3l
Sept 1
Sept ■ 2
Sept ' '2
Sept 1 2
sept 2
Sept • 4
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
» P. COAdT A3»l> GKODKTtO BnBVKT. TtD»>
'BtriAiCTiJr PCBI.ISH«I> BT OFriOIAb .. >
ACTHOBITT OF THJt SDPItBISTXSDIWT. i
Tbnrsd.iv. August 27.
BnnrlSM 6. 35 1. M00n rises 8.24pm
Sunsets 6 46! Moon sets
August— lß96.
JTlrne Foet Time
JHW L W
Feet 1 Tlme I Feet
:■■-: ! H W ■■•-
Time
L W
FMt
:■?! 2.0S 4.4 7.88 a.oi 2.071 6.3 i 8.41, i.S
IS 3.02 4.0 8.08 2.4 2.30 5.3 9.27 1.3
!9 4.16 8.9 834 8.9 285 6.2 10.24 1.2
10 600 3.5 9.06 3.3 8.3!> 5.3 11.23 1.0
11 7.36 3.5 9.52 3.5 4.26 6.3
HWbWH W I, W
1 0.33 0.7 8.44 8.9 11.10 3.6 5.35 5.4
2 1.32 0.3 9.26 4.1 12.44 3.6 &b2 5.6
1
2
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides t>f the day In the
order of occurrence a-, to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day. the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights glveo are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractir*
from the depth given by the chart*.
HYFRPGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hyrrosraphic OFrrrie. U. S. N.. -i
MKRCHANT8 1 EXCHAN-9K. V
Ban Francisco. August '26. 189^ '
The time ball on Teleerapn Hii, was drooped
•xactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the UOta
uerldiau. or exactly v 8 ml, Greenwich time.
A. F. Fechtitljcr,
Lieutenant U. s. N. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY, August 26.
Simr Bonlta, Conway, 126 hours from S«n Diego
and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co,
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, 14 hours trom Albion;
113 M ft lumoer, to Albion Lumber Co: 175 eds
bark, to Beadle & Co.
Stmr Mineola. Pillsbury. 7 days from Departure
bay. via Columbia River Bar, 5% days; 3055 tons
coal, to R Dunsmulr A Sons, ana rait in tow from
Columbia River.
StmrSan Benlto, Smith, 80 bonrs from Tacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Bark Annie Johnson, Matson. 22 days from
Hllo; sugar, to J D Spreckels *. Bros Co. . «
i oi?^l £ ortuna - Rosl 56 hours from Eureka:
180 M ft lumber, to McKay & Co. '
Tilf i ? l 0 Key, Ackerman, 80 hours from Usal;
110 eds bark, to Beaole A Co.' . . . ~
SchrJohn F Sillier, Hansen, in days from Port
Blakeley; 225 M it lumber, to Renton. Holmes 4
Co. ■ T ■ ■- ■ "* ■ ■ ■>..
' C« eared. "
WEDNESDAY. August 26.
Stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port own
send; Goodall, Perkins A Co. >
stmr Coptic, Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Hono ill n : O <fc OS s, Co.
stmr Excelsior. HtvrKins. Nanaimo and SltWa-
Alaska Commercial Co. • *
; «tmr Coos Way, Jansen, San Pedro; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Br ship Celticburn, Linklater, Liverpool; Geo \V
McNear. ;
■>ailc'». i .
WEDNESDAY, August 26.
Stmr Excelsior, Htggins, Nanaimo and Sltka.
Stmr Columbia, Bolles, Astoria.
Br stmr Coptic Sealby, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu. '
Stmr Wh'itesDoro. Johnson.
Stmr Santa Cru^ Xicolson.
Br ship Leyland Brothers, Bailey, Qneenstown.
Schr Jessie Minor. Whitney,' Eureka.
Scnr Bender Brothers. Wetzel, Point Arena.
Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. Bowens Landing,
bchr Aronie and Fontie. Colstrup, Stewarts Point.
Schr Reliance, Skipper.
! Returned. •■
WEDNESDAY. August 28.
Schr Bender Bros. Wefzel. hence Aug 26. for
Point Arena, returned on account of losing canter
board 6 miles west of Point Reyes.
: isMe—raoixio...
POINT LO BOS. Auzust 26-10 c. ic.- Weather
hazy . wind NW: velocity. 20 aiilej.
- Charter*.
The bark Richard 111 loads coal at O»mox for
San Francisco.
The Br ships Ecclefechan and Ellisland are
chartered for wheat to Europe at 27s 6d neb
'poKsi.
July — lat S3 long 60 W— Brshlp 81* Hitch
cock, from New York, for San Francisco.
jOomoHtlo Portt.
HAN'TA BARBARA— Sailed Aug 26— Schr J O
Wall, for Eureka.. • .
DK VILBIBS LANDING- Arrived 26-Schr
Dalsv Rowe, hence Au« 20.
. USAL— Arrived Au? 26— Schr S Damelaon, line
Auij 18: schr Kacramerr.o. .
PORT LOS ANGELES- Sailed Aug 26-Btmr
Alcazar.
EUREKA— Arrived A-ig 26— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Aug 25: schr John A, hence Aug 21.
CASPAR— Arrived Aug 26-Stmr Jewel, henc«
All-' 25. .•■;' ■
GREENWOOD— Arrived Aug SJtmr Green
.wood, hence Aug 24. , . .
Sailed Aug 29— simr Greenwood, for San Fran
cisco. . mntegMMn
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Aug 25-Stmr Del
None, for San Francisco.
WKSTPORT— SaiIed Aug 25— Stmr Protection.
ALBlON— Sailed Aug 26— Stmr ' Point Arena,
for San Francisco.
ASTuRIA — Sailed Aa: 26-Ptmr Slate of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco; Nic brig Salvador, for
Cailao; Br stmr A 1 tin ore, for Hongkong and Yo
kohama. ■ .
Fore i era Port*.
COLON— Sailed Aug 23— Stmr Colon, for San
Fiancisco. " jWUffITII)
VICTORIA— Arrived Aug 25— Br bark Drum
cralp. from Barry.
HONOLULU— Arrived Aug 25— stmr Em
press of India, from Vancouver.
MONTEVIDEO— SaiIed Ang 21— Br ship City of
Delhi, for Royal Roads. .
. SYDNEY— SaiIed Aug 25-Br ship Miltiades.
Im?ortatimi.. '
NIPOMA— Per Bonlta — 141 bogs, 584 oats.
Santa Maria— l3l bogs, 353 sks wheat.
. Harris— l 29 hogs. . . . ■■■
Los Alamos— l 44 hogs.
Los Oiivos— 6ss sks wheat, 6 sks barley, 107
nogs. .
Cayucos— 2o4 hogs.
REDONDO-Per nonlta-996 rails, 1204 pairs
fishplates.
Santa Cruz Island— s bdls pelts, 1 horse, 1 box
umbrellas. l
, . Gavio a— lss bogs.
Lompoc— 62 bdls hides, 5 oxs butter, 4 bbls tal
low, 2 bdls carriers, 223 sks barley, 39 sks mus
tard, 84 hogs, 207 sks mustard.
Consign <»<*•».
Per Annie Johnson — Williams, Di'mond & Co:
J D -^preckels & Bros Co.
Per Jttonita— H Dutard; Standard Oil Co: T■ S
Bullock: Wle>nd Brewing Co; National Brewery;
W B Sumner& Co; .Hills Bros; Getz Bros & Co:
Baker & Hamilton: W C Price & Co: Santa Lruz
Island Co: Bassert & Bunker; Field & Stone; Bur
falo Brewery; Dairymen's Union : Roth, Blum <fe
Co: C E Whitney A Co; Moore, Ferguson & Co: S
hitverberg; Justinian Calre; Poly, Hei.bron A Co:
8 P Milling Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
ASTOIA MMiift
$6 Second Class, 12 First Class.
j MEALS AND BERTH > INCLUDED.
i Columbia 5ai15...... Aug. 16, 26, Sept. 5, 15, 21
feiate of California 5a1t5...... -.. ...
....". ....Aug. 21, 31, Sept. 10, 20, 80
' From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. «.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Supts.
V. V. CONNOR. General Agent,
■ ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC coast STEAMSHIP COIPAH
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FKOM AKi.
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, a»mmeSt
follows: • ; .--1
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wrangel, Juneau, Kli-
llsntio and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 A. X., Sept. 11, 26.
"- For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
: send, .Seattle, Tacoma, • Everett, Anacortes ■ and
i New Wi atcom (Bel!ln<rham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
I Aug.' 2, 7, 12, 17. '11, 27, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with U.
N. «y.; at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcaia and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Aug. 1, 6. 9. 13,
IT, 21, 26, 29. and every fourth day thereafter. •
- For -Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. m. Au-
gust 3, 7, V, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth
day thereafter. i : : . • . ■ ,■ ■ .
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harrord
(San Luis Obispo), santa Barbara, Port Los An-
jeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. M. Augusta. 5, 9, IS, 17, 21, 25, 29 and every
fourth day thereafter. , ■ .
: For Knseuada, San . Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
3az and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. it August 27, and 25th of each month there-
after. ..,- ■ . ■:.;.--,. .• •= ".■ /■•>-■■; ■--■•■ ■;■■■■
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
- GOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.; Gen'l Agents.
:■ ■ ; 10 Market st., San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ "DAYSTC,
HAWAII. SAMOA, L*. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, f| »*
- AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU ouly. Satur-
day, August 29, at, 1 0 a. it. , Special party rates.
S. S. ALAMKDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at ■-' p. m.
Line to COOLG Aust., and CAPETOWN,
south Africa. ■ - > ■
J. D. SPRECKELS * BROS. CO., Agents.
... •. . 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market si., San Francisco. ■
COHPAGHIE GENERAL TRAXS.ITI.WTIQCB
■■■"' ' ' French Lin«» to Havr*.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH M.
\J River, foot of Morton st Travelers by tSSSfE
this line avoid both transit by English railway aa3
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a amU
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
nrst-ciass $160: second-class, $116.
LA BHK" •- K. ...'....."August 29, 3A. M.
LA BOULOGNE. Sept. 6, 9a. m.
LA NORMANDIK. «ept. 12. 6a. mc.
LATOURAINE Sept. 19. 7 A. st
LAOASCOGNK Sept. 26, 3 A.M.
I JST" For fuither particulars apply to
. . A.FOKGET. Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green. New York.
* J. F. FUG AZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
I avenue, San Francisco. - ' ;
ROYAL HAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL J&gm-
fortnightly for the West Indies and «HB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourga,
■ France, and Plymouth to land passengers. -' •.<
- Through bills of lading, • in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., Issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England arid Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton.; First class, $195; third
class, $97 50- For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents.
--■-•• ' -'■■ ' 3OK California Hi. _
STOCKTON STEAMERS
■ Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6 P. ->1. Daily, jtreighc received up
to >:aai».ai.
to- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone,
lue only line minting through rates on Valley
Road freight. , *
, STEAjJIEUs:
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peter*.
Mary Oarratt, .".. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. >"ay. and lmpu. Co
U.S. lAVY-YARD. MARE VALIEJO.
"Benifia, *P«rt Coxta. *Crflckett and # Vj1od»;
STB. MONTIGKLLO,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. h. (Saturdays **in:3i)
it), 3:30 p. m. Sundays Bp. m. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission st. Telephone Black
,261. :■ ._ .-.- .... . HATCH BROS.
■ ; ' * 4 and Bp. m. trips only. ■ • ■•.:• ,■- A"i .
' ** Excursion trip. - Gives 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR m ME, LOS GATOS&SASTA CRUZ
; STKAMER AI.VISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAILT "
O at 10 a. it. (Sundays excepted); Alvlso dally at
7p. H. (Saturdays excepted). Freight and Pa*.
•anger. Vare between ; San Francisco and Alvitsa, I
We; to Ban Jos* 75c Clay St., Pier i. :jw,IN DEFENSE OF
HIS SON'S NAME,
Justice Cliffs Father Has a
Meeting With Attorney
C. T. Johns.
A aUESTION OF MERIT.
The Attorney, Who Is a Cripple,
Causes His Opponent's Ar
rest for Battery.
"WORDS LED TO FIGHTING
Only the Principals Were Present
When the Scandalous Affair
\ Commenced.
Oakland Office Sah Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 26. j
Attorney C. T. Johns and William
Clift, father of Justice Cliit, had an en-
Counter this morning in the vestibule of
the Hall of Records. Both are men who
ere well along in years. Clift is the older,
but Johns is crippled in both hands as the
result of a mining accident several years
ago. As a result of the meeting the attor
ney swore out a warrant for the arrest of
the Judge's father on a charge of battery.
Attorney Johns said that he was going
into the County Clerk's office, where he
came face to face with William Clift.
"As soon as he saw me," said Mr. Johns,
"he said he had been wanting to see me
for some time. He then said: 'You have
been making derogatory remarks about
nay son Frea for some time past.' I stopped
him by saying: 'Hold on, you should ask
me it I have made any remarks about
him.' I told him if he knew I had done
bo it was useless to discuss the subject,
and was walking off when he grabbed me
by trie coat and struck me in the left eye
with his right hand. When Attorney
Ayers appeared I told him that Clift had
struck me and that I was crippled, and 1
Bsked Ayers to take him away. Cilft
called me a liar and struck me in the right
eye. Avers then pulled nim away.
"I suppose Clift" referred to a remark I
made about his son. I said he did not
know enough law to run his office, and I
repeat it now."
Justice Clift was seen this evening, and
said: "Johns tried a case before me, and I
gave judgment against him. He
cut and talked about me on the street.
Tbe trouble arose over our fees. The law
says that when a party appeals from a
judgment they must pay the Justice's
fees. When he gave notice of appeal I
told him of tbis and it made him mad.
The law requires plaintiffs in all actions
to pay costs on filing suit, and this I en
force "in al) cases, both with Stewart and
others, and it was otly the Justice's fee
that remained in the suit referred to."
Cbarles H. Ayers, who descended the
stairs during the trouble, said to-nignt
that he saw Johns was getting the worst
of it, and so he pushed one to one side and
one to the other.
BERKELEY'S BO XING FEVER
Coast Champions Will Contest
Under the Crescent Club
Colors.
Movement to Annex Claremont to
Berkeley — Aftermath of the
Rush — Notes.
BERKELEY, Cat,, Aug. 26.— Berkeley
lovers of the "manly art" are looking for
ward with great anticipation to the box
ing carnival which is billed to take place
under the colors of the Crescent Athletic
Club on the evening of September 3.
The principal contest in the fistic arena
will take place between Chico Cuneo of
San Francisco, a member of the Crescent
Club, and Jerry Sullivan of the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club. Both men are
feather-weights and will weigh in at 122
pounds. The contest is to last four rounds,
•with the privilege of a fifth.
Another event will be a "go" between
Evers and Harrison of Berkeley, to decide
the 120-pound championship of the club.
Among the preliminaries will be bouts
between Billy Hughes, champion welter
weight of the coast, and Bert Brown,
champion middleweight. Frank Rafael,
champion featherweight of the coast, who
is bilied to meet Bob Elwert of Alvarado
in October, will spar, as will also the Britt
brothers of the Manhattan Club. The
elder of the Britt boys is champion ban
tam weight of the coast. Rafael will ref
eree the Evers-Harrison mill, and Hughes
the Cuneo-Sullivan match.
Nursing Their Wounds.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 26.— Scores of
lreshmen and sophomores who took part
in the interclass "rush" last night were
going about the campus to-day complain
ing of lame backs, sore head's, strained
muscles and bruised shoulders. Some of
them were sorry-looking sights, but for
all their hard knocks they bore the situa
tion bravely. The most serious of. all the
flesh wounds which the freshmen and
eophomores carried were the cuts on their
lianas and wrists received from the knives
of the co-eds, who were attempting
to loosen the bonds of baling rope and
twine which held the fighting collegians.
The freshmen in view of their victory have
declared that they will carry canes from
now henceforth.
This morning the small boys of the town
had a harvest of knives, rings, coins and
trinkets belonging to the rushing students
which had been lost in last evening's rush.
A number of signs asking for information
leading to the recovery of articles lost last
night were posted on the bulletin boards
of the University to-day.
Thrown From a Bnjj^y.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 26.— Andy
FricJt and Louis Sullivan, both of Berke-
Jey, while driving through Lonn this
alternoon were thrown from their buggy,
and * net was seriously injured. They
both attempted to jump from the vehicle,
which was about to co oyer an embank
ment, but Frick was unsuccessful and
caught his right arm under the buggy,
dislocating- it at the elbow. He was
scratched and bruised about other parts of
the bouy, while Sullivan escaped unin-
Reception to Freshmen.
BERKELEY Cal.. Aug. 26.-The
Young Men s Christian Association of tne
university will give a reception to the
class of 1900 at Stiles Hall next Friday
evening. Thayer, : 98, and Ma»ee '97
have the affair in charge. The combined
Christian Endeavor societies ot Berkeley
wiil also entertain the freshmen. Their
reception will te hel* on the evening of
September 4 at Stiles Hall.
Tried to Mab Him.
BERKELEY. Cal., Aug. 26.— A lad of
about 14 years, giving the name of Lyon,
was caught defacing signs on the uni
versity grounds this morning, and when
assailed by the gardener Lyon made a
lounge at him with an open pocket-knife.
The watenman cal'ed for the Town Mar
shal, and the lad was soon placed under
arrest.
Numerous signs on the campus warn
ing visitors against picking the flowers
and walking on the grass plots have been
either defaced or torn down altogether.
Students' Debate.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 26.— The first
debate of the fall term betore the students'
congress tooK place last yyeninc. The
question was whether or not it is advis
able to have a permanent board of arbi
tration to settle difficulties between this
country and Great Britain. Those oppos
ing the question were awarded the deci
sion. The student debaters were: Affirma
tive—Brand '99, Simpson '98 and Finne
gan '97; negative— Focne '99, Russell '98
and Rodgers '97.
To Annex Claremont.
BERKELEY, Cal., Aug. 26.— A move
ment is under way to annex Claremont to
the town of Berkeley. At the meeting of
the Fourth Ward Improvement Club last
night a number of Claremont residents
were present and expressed the desire
that annexation take place in tne imme
diate future. A petition is to be placed in
circulation asking the Town Board of
Berkeley that such measures be passed as
will make annexation a possibility.
BIG DAMAGE SUIT.
John Gottsche Sues the Southern
Pacific for Canting His Son's
Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aujr. 26. — John
Gottsche, by his attorneys, Reed &
Nusbaumer, to-day tiled a damage suit
against the Southern Pacific Company for
$10,000 for the death of his son on May 20
last. The boy was only 15 at the time and
was caught on the First-street road, near
Chestnut street.
This is the first appearance of this well
known tirm of attorneys in the role of op
position to corporations, they having here
tofore been legal representatives of several
corporations, but all such connections
have been severed.
ALAMEDA'S TIDAL CANAL
Is It Necessary to Preserve the
Depth of Oakland
Harbor?
A Member of the Assembly From the
Forty-Seventh District to Be
Elected in November.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 26.— E. A. yon
Scnmidt, the well-known civil engineer, is
of opinion tnat the completion of the tidal
canal is of as much importance to Oakland
as to Alameda, both from a commercial
and sanitary standpoint. He has expressed
his views to that end at length, conclud
ing: "Just now Oakiand wants ships.
Later on Oakland will want health more
than she now yearns for commerce. The
Alameda tidal canal is even a greater
necessity for Oakland's future success than
it is for Alameda's. Oakland is on the lee
! side, Alameda to windward principally.
Alameda will get the canal m time, and
Oakland will be the greatest power in
favor of it."
The Kour-Teiar Term,
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 26.— The de
j cision rendered sustaining the county
government act has been received hero
favorably. All the officers affected are
glad that they are to enjoy another two
years of office Defore seeking re-election.
Their interest now centers in the legality
of the fee bill.
The immediate effect of the decision
here will necessitate the election of a
member of the Assembly, next Novem
ber, from the Forty-seventh District,
i which comprises Alameda City, Brooklyn
township and a part of Eden township.
Executor's Sale.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 26.— Two choice
j pieces of property beloging to the estate
of Giuseppe Vignolo were sold yesterday
by its executors. The lots on Santa Clara
avenue, near St. Charles, having a front
age of 150 feet, netted $3534 80, and that on
Central avenue, near Caroline street, with
a frontage of thirty feet, brought $485.
John Gooby and Frank H. Hackett were
the respective buyers.
Native Daughters' Entertainment.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Aug. 26.— Alameda
Parlor of the Native Daughters held a
successful entertainment this evening in
! Armory Hall for the benefit of the flag
fund.
ONCE IN JEOPARDY.
A Plea Which Failed to Save Ed. Wick
ham From a Second Conviction.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.--Edward
Wickbam was arraigned before Judge
Greene this morning but refused to plead.
Instead, he entered a plea of once in
jeopardy. The court ordered a plea of
"not guilty" entered and summoned a
venire of twenty-five men from which a
jury was ordered selected.
Wickham was one of the railroad
strikers in 1894, but turned informer.
After matters were settled he was let out
to shift for himself. On June 3, 1894, he
rented a horse and buggy from P. W.
Baker, drove to Fresno and sold the outfit.
He was brought back, bound over for trial,
tried and convicted. «
His case was appealed to the Supreme
Court on the ground that the District
Attorney's office had failed to file informa
tion against him within thirty days from
the time he was held. The court decided
in his favor July 22, 1896, and ordered his
release if the District Attorney failed to
show good reason why the information
had not been presented. This he failed to
do at a hearing before Judge Ogden and
tne prisoner was ordered released. He
was arrested again on the same charge,
hence tne trial to-day.
These matters were presented to the
jury after the case for the people had been
submitted, but failed to save him, for the
jury again returned a verdict of guilty.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco CallJ
908 Brondway, Aug. 26. j
A West Berkeleyan named Broshea died this
morning at Dr. Taylor's sanitarium, the result
of a gunshot wound inflicted by himseli Sun
day.
Hans Hansen , charged with rifling a Chinese
laundry in Alameda about August 19, pleaded
guilty before Judpe Greene this af ternoon and
was sentenced to ban Quentin for five years.
Jess Martensen, an employe oa the Cowing
ranch, near Hay wards, had his right leg badly
crushed between the cylinders ol a threshing
machine at that place this aiternoon.
To-morrow night a "ladies' night" will be
held at the Acme Club for members and their
lady friends. A splendid programme has been
arranged and a good time is assured.
There will be an important meeting of the
Army and Navy Republican League on Thurs
day evening at 474 and 476 Eighth street
The famous General Greirson is expected to be
present to address the club aiid also the Hon.
A. 'J. Henry.
Mrs. Sarah Moore-Stewart has brought suit
for divorce from her husband, Charles Ed
ward Cornelius Stewart, whom she married
about a year ago. Soon after the marriage the
wife found that her husband's name was Bew
ard and that he had an abandoned wife resid
ing in England.
Mrs. Rose Matthews, wife of Wickllffe Mat
thewf, the San Francisco attorney who resides
in this city, was grunted a judgment of ouster
this morning by Judge Ogrien, against Miss H.
T. Matthews and Mrs. M. Matthews, the sister
and mother respectively, of her husband.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
NOT A STREET
CORNER VENIRE,
Most Influential Jury Ever
in the Police
Court.
DINGEE'S LIBEL SUITS.
Millionaires, Bankers and Ex-
Officials Examined as
to Bias.
M4JOR BROMLEY'S OPINION.
Attorney Foote Would Not Undertake
the Task of Trying to
Shake It.
Oakland Office San Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aug. 26. f
The most distinguished jury that ever
sat in the local Police Court will try the
libel suit brought against Gavin Dhu
High, ex-editor of the Times, by W. J.
Dingee, president of the Oakland Water
Company. It is composed of ex-Mayor
C. D. Pierce, ex-Supervisor D. C. brown,
ex-School Director Frank R. Girard, Major
E. W. Woodward, E. C. Sessions
dent Oakland Bank of Savings), Christian
Schreiber, A. H. Lake, Edward Arnert,
Charles P. Clark, Thomas Smith, W.
Scheeline and Hugh Hamilton.
It took nearly the whole day to agree on
the men who should fill the jury-box
while Mr. High attempts to prove that
what he said about Mr. Dingee was true,
and therefore not malicious libel. The day
was uot lost to the influential lobby that
gathered to hear the trial in which the
whole commercial and capitalistic ele
ments of the city are interested.
W. W. Foote was present to represent
Mr. Dingee. Prosecuting Attorney Harry
Melvin represented the people, and Attor
ney Garnty represented Mr. Rigii. W. A.
Beatty, Mr. High's former attorney, was
engaged in the Supreme Court and could
not be pretent.
The first tiff occurrel over the defend
ant's request for a continuance because of
Mr. Beatty's absence. Attorney Foote
said that Attorney Garrity could have no
objection to impaneling the jury. Mr.
Melvin objected vigorously to keeping
seventy business men hanging around
the courtroom and wasting their time,
and wished to get the jury, after which a
continuance might be granted.
"While it is but right that the defend
ant should wish his counsel to be at his
trial," said Mr. Melvin, "Attorney Gar
rity is really more capable to pick an Oak
land jury "than Mr. Beatty, as he knows
the venire."
It was finally settled to proceed with
the impaneling of the jury. The first
boxful only produced three who were ac
ceptable to both sides.
Frederick Delger, probably the richest
man in Oakland, was on the venire, and
modestly stated that he believed he was
on tlie assessment roll. He had, how
ever, read the article on which the suit is
based and had formed a definite opinion
about it, and so he was excused.
Major J. L. Bromiey said he had an
opinion unfavorable to Mr. Hisrh.
"We won't object to a challenge," said
Mr. Foote. "I have known the major ior
twenty-five years, and I Know that he is
pretty certain to stay with his opinion if
he lias one."
While Charles Jurgens was being ex
amined he said he would not believe Mr.
High under oath. Mr. Footfl looked sur
prised, and Attorney Garrity said to Mr.
Jurgens: "You and Mr. High had some
trouble over an article which he published
about you and your tenants, did you
not?"
"Yes," replied Mr. Jurgens, "and he
promised to correct it the next day and
did not keep his word. 1 '
"Of course, I deny all of this," said Mr.
High. •
"I went to see him about the piece,"
said Jurgens, "and he promised to correct
it the next day, and did not keep his
word."
"It is not so," broke in Mr. High.
"Now, look here," said Mr. Melvin,
springing to his feet, "I want this man
to keep quiet or be sent downstairs until
he cools off. He is not brought here to
testify, and he has no right to act this
way."
Thus the day was spent, and during
the afternoon the jury-box was full.
Court then adjourned, and the taking of
testimony will begin to-morrow.
ALAMEDA COUNTY ASSESSMENT
Dalton to Defend His Work Before the
State Board of Equalization.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26,-The mem
bers of the Alameda County Board of Su
pervisors will appear before the State
Board of Equalization to-morrow at Sac
ramento to protest against the assessment*
of the county from being arbitrarily raised
by that body.
Chairman Hiram Bailey, W. 15. Pelouze,
J. E. Johnston and W. H. Church, with
County Clerk Frank C. Joradan, will !
leave San Francisco via the river steamer i
at 1 o'clock, and expect to reach the capi
tal city at 3 o'clock Friday morning. Su
pervisor and Mrs. J. R. Ta!co will go up
on the evening train.
County Assessor Henry P. Dalton will
go on the evening train and will be ac
companied by Chief Deputy A. C. Rich
ards, and Field Deputies Elmer E. John
son, Alameda; T. P. Russell, Haywards,
for Eden Township; E. A. Ellsworth,
Niles, for Washington Township; H. P.
Chadbourne, Pleasanton, and H. P. Wine
gar, Livermore, for Murray Township.
Second Ward Republicans.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— Talks on
National campaign issues will be given at
Milton Hall, San Pablo avenue and
Twenty-eighth street, to-night by ex-Gov
ernor Roruualdo Pacheco, Colonel George
Babcock of Alameda, William Lair Hill,
formerly editor of the Portland Oregonian,
F. J. Woodward, John H. Mitchell and
others. The meeting will be arranged by
the Second Ward Republican Club and
President Porter is to introduce a number
of local candidates for office. Proceedings
are to begin at 8:15 o'clock and cigars are
to be a feature of the evening.
Collins-Hausohildt.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— James A.
Collins, Town Clerk of Haywards, was
married to-night to Miss Auguata Haus
childt. The bride is the daughter of Mrs.
F. Hauschildt and the groom has been the
choice of the Republicans for office for
more than ten years.
Killed by a Thresher.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Aug. 26.— John
Martinson was caught and frightfully
mangled in a thresher here this aiternoon.
He lingered in great ajiony several hours
before death relieved him. He was a
farm laborer, single and hsct no relatives
about as far as known.
Alameda County Cash.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— The coin in
County Treasurer O. M. Sanfor.i's care has
been counted and reported as correct by
Chairman Hiram Bailey of the Board of
Supervisors, Deputy Auditor J. J. Hanifin
Jr. and Deputy District Attorney A. A.
Moore Jr. They report receipts of $13,
--091 71, with a balance from the last count
ing of $310,986 21, making a total of $324,
--077 92, with disbursements amounting to
$58,861 04, the balance on hand being
$265,216 88.
Some Big Fees.
OAKLAND, Cal., Aug. 26.— Attorney
J. H. Smith has been allowed $2625 as fees
for services rendered the late Philip ±Joo
gar. He has also secured judgment for
$750 against Mrs. Alice Poulson, widow of
Count Poulson of "Peterhoff," in Fruit
vale. Both will act as liens on the estates
until paid.
KELLY STANDS FIRM.
Ho and His Friends Will Have No
Fusion In the Fifth.
The Demopopulist fusion scheme has
received vigorous setbacks almost hourly
since its inception, but one of the most
vigorous ones has been met with in the
Fifth district.
Joseph P. Kelly, the regular Democratic
nominee, has been found by the managers
of the scheme to be a man who will not
be pulled down at the suggestion of a
handful of party manipulators who are
seeking party power and patronage.
Mr. Kelly has not yet spoken in regard
to the peaaing fusion scheme, and is not
likely to do so unless ha it formally asked
for his resignation by the committee of
fifteen politicians. Some of his friends in
timate that if the party authorities do re
quest his resignation Mr. Kelly will be
heard from In very vigorous style.
At any rate Mr. Kelly's resignation is
not at the service of any small committee
of politicians who may assume to be en
titled to usurp the functions of the party
voters • and to overturn absolutely the
action of any popular Darty convention.
Joseph P. Kelly, whatever may be his
qualifications for the office, has a host ol
valiant friends in the party who will re
bel outright if six ambitious Democrats,
six ambitious Populists and three ambi
tious "silverites," decide in a back room
that Mr. Kelley must come off the ticket.
Kelly and his friends are especially in
censed at the proposition because two
years ago the Democratic State Central
Committee concluded to condemn Kelly
after he was nominated by the district
convention and to indorse Loud, the Re
publican nominee. Kelly made a strong
run and the result seemed to indicate that
Kelly would have gone to Washington in
stead of Loud if Denman had not been
put into the fight against him by his own
party.
Now Mr. Kelly has been vindicated by
the Democrats of the Fifth District by re
ceiving again the party nomination. But
now comes the State Central Committee
again, by a special committee of six,
named and controlled by the party bosses,
with a proposition that Mr. Kelly shall
again come down from the ticket. This is
regarded by Kelly's friends as nothing less
than sheerpersecution. The main motive
of Kelly and his friends in seeking his
nomination this year was the ambition to
obtain a vindication.
Two years ago Kelly's Populist oppo
nent was Taylor Rogers, who has been
nominated by the Populists again. It is
current information on the inside of poli
tical circles that Rogers was induced the
other day to declare that he would chip
his resignation into the general Dot, in the
low-down assurance that he would be the
fusion candidate.
The people in power in the present
State campaign are largely the ones who
influenced the action in Kelly's case two
years ago, who, according to the general
party belief in the district, elected the
Republican candidate, and they are also
of the element which unsuccessfully op
posed Kelly's nomination this year.
There ia no question that the plan is to
turn down Kelly regardless of the action
or wishes ol the Democrats of the district.
It is also beyond question that the.scheme
in its present stage involves the indorse
ment of Taylor Rogers, the Populist can
didate, who hag little or nothing in com
mon with the Chicago free-silver platform,
being an avowed fiac money man, by
authority of a pamphlet he circulated as
widely as he is able to do.
Kelly has already made ten speeches in
the course of his campaign and is sche
duled for meetings for every night of this
week. Onthe platform he has taken a
bold stand in opposition to any form of
a funding bill, has declared for the free
coinage of silver and for the Nicaragua
cuna 1 and has also done the proper thing
by declaring for the improvement of the
Alviso and Redwood City sloughs. His
opponents about the State headquarters
have been talking about his being a South
ern Pacific attorney, but his friends are
loudly declaring that they are trying to
mix him up with a certain other Attorney
Kelly in this City and that he has not only
never had a Southern Pacific case but tha^
he has for years repeatedly appeared as
attorney against the railroad in damage
suits.
"What consideration should force Mr.
Kelly to surrender to a self-constituted
committee the verdict of the people of his
district?" asked a prominent Democrat
last night. "The National Committee
would be as much justified in asking
Bryan for his resignation because some
vague fusion scheme was beins played.
There is no precedent in all the history of
American politics for the action that a
little handful of party bosses are now try
ing to take. Furthermore there is no
justification for it in the principles and
methods of American party politics. If
you consider the thing soberly for a min
ute you will see that it is not only unjust
and'revolutionary, but a dangerous prece
dent.
"If a dozen or so men who happen to
run the practical course of party affairs
after the people have decided on their
principles and candidates may overturn
all the work of such conventions at their
whim what may become of popular party
government? Any municipal or legis
lative campaign committee miuht proceed
to do the same thing under control of a
boss or a small set of bosses after the
proper deal had been made. It is a dan
gerous thing for a small set of ambitious
politicians to repudiate the action of the
people when they have expressed their
will through convention delegates elected
by clubs or by popular vote when the
issues and the men at sttke are well
known."
Mr. Kelly and Mr. Kelly's friends pre
sent to the fusion committee a hard nut to
crack.
BRYAN SILVER CLUBS.
Extended System of District Organ-
ization Soon to Be Got Into
Working- Order.
A meeting of the organization com
mittee of the California Silver Campaign
Committee was called last evening for the
purpose of taking steps toward the forma
tion of district clubs throughout the City.
The active work of organization in the
districts is to be commenced uext week.
There was considerable discussion as to
the scope of the proposed clubs. The
committee strongly intimated that it
would not recognize factions in any of the
political parties, and that it would not
extend its activity in the election of local
candidates beyond the Legislative nom
inees. In other words, it did not propose
to take any hand in municipal politics.
The committee ratfied the action of its
conference committee in the formation of
the Congressional fusion plan and the
appointment of Charles D. Lane, William
P. Lawlor and James P. Edhoff to serve
on the joint Congressional conference
committee.
Mrs. FarreU'a Death.
Dr. Robert Macbeth appeared before Justice
cf the Peace Carroll in Judge Conlan's court
yesterday to answer to the charge of murder
in connection with the death of Mrs. Farrell,
20 Henry street. The case was continued
till Monday and his bonds were fixed at
$25,000.
Although the Suez Canal is only ninety
nine miles long, it reduces the distance
from England to India by sea nearly 4000
miles.
GERMAN FRIENDS
OF REPUBLICANISM
Movement on Foot for the
Organization of a
Club.
ENTHUSIASM IS RIFE.
Large Number of Leading Citi
zens Interested in the
Project.
THE IDEA IN GENERAL FA YOB.
Prospective Marshaling of an In*
fluentia! and Desirable Civic
Element
A movement is on foot for the formation
of a Republican club, to be composed of
German-Americans. For some weeks
past the project has been evolving in the
minds of leading residents of German
birth or descent. Among the citizens
most interested in the proposed organiza
tion may be mentioned such men as H. F.
Maass. William Bchroeder, Charles P.
Rode, Dr. F. P. Mufte, Robert Wieneke of
the Golden West Hotel, Charles Drescher,
W. Plagemann, F. M. French and Dr. A.
E. Brune.
A call has been issued for a mass-meet
ing of German- American citizens, to be
held to-morrow evening at Norman's Hall,
413 Bush street, commencing at 8 o'clock.
At this meeting an effort will be made to
effect the organization of a club, to be
known as the German-American Republi
can Club. The number of German-speak
ing Republicans in the City is Known to
be large, and the importance of the issues
involved in the coming election has
stirred up among them a strong desire to
take a well-defined, united and harmoni
ous stand for their party and its policy.
"I hope," said Dr. Brune last night,
"that the invitation to the meeting will
be accepted by a large number of the
German citizens. A great many of them —
and among that many are some of the
leading business men of the City— are
stanch Republicans. To unite these
strong elements into a powerful organiza
tion seems to be the general desire of the
German Republican residents.
"We have no cut-and-dried plan of or
ganization. Indeed, the call was issued in
obedience to the prevailing sentiment
among tbe Republican citizens who hail
from, the Fatherland. Beyond a doubt
the attendance will be large, and the fu
ture of the movement can be more easily
predicted when the views of the majority
shall have been ascertained. At present
it is too early to venture any prophecies,
but I hope ereat things for the yet unborn
German-American Republican Club."
"The idea seems to have met with gen
eral favor and acceptance among the Ger
man Republicans with whom I have
spoken," commented Mr. Wieneke.
"Such a club as the one contemplated
must prove a potent force in rallying a de
sirable class of citizens about a common
standard. With such an organization, I
doubt not, we could make many converts.
But it is rather early to build air-castles.
I think, or at least I trust the club will
soon be doing good work. The enthusi
asm with which the project has been taken
up is certainly a moit encouraging au
eury."
Visitor* From Abroad.
Tracy T. Jeffords, an attache of the
United States Land Department in Wash
ington, D. C, was in this City to-day. He
reports that the silver craze is fast dying
out and that the wage-worker is learning
that he, not the capitalist, will be injured
by the free coinage of silver. The wage
worker is awakening to a realization of
the fact that when he is paid in silver and
must pay the principal and interest on his
mortgage in gold he will appreciate that
laws cannot make values.
William H. Bonsalls of Los Angeles,
who is visiting friends here, repoits that
the friends of protection. and of an honest
dollar for the workingman are increasing
in numbera every day. Hiß statement is
confirmed by William Niles and Aaron
Smith of the same place.
B. J. Watson of Nevada City says that
the people of that city are true blue for
the true blue American principle of pro
tection and sound money.
Cassasa's Band.
Cassasa's band will play next Saturday
evening at Pioneer Hall and in the rooms
of the National Republican League in the
Pioneer building on Fourth street. The
occasion being the formal opening of the
rooms of the league, it will be of a more
than ordinarily hilarious and entertain
ing nature. There will be singing by glee
clubs, vocal solos and instrumental selec
tions, and some of the best speakers in the
State have signified their intention to be
present.
Joseph C. Campbell, a most graceful
and forceful speaker, will address the
Pboenix Club this evening In wjottish
Hall on Larkin street. There will be
music and other entertaining features.
The gallery will be reserved for ladies and
their escorts.
The Phoenix Drill Corps, numbering
seventy men under command of the gal
lant Thomas O'Neill, have been practic
ing marching evolutions by moonlight on
Van Ness avenue, and are able to hold
their own with any other similar organi
zation in the State.
National Republican League.
The formal opening of the headquarters
of the National Republican League of San
Francisco at 24 Fourth street will be held
on next Saturday evening. There will be
music, singing and addresses by prominent
speakers. The committee of arrangements
consists of J. F. McGlynn, Z. U. Dodge
and S. W. Backus. The officers of the
league are Tirey L. Ford, president:
Eugene F. Bert, vice-president; A. E.
Castle, treasurer; T. H. Rush, assistant
secretary, A large number of invitations
have been sent out.
MUSCLE AND POLITICS.
1 irst Entertainment of the Columbia
Club of the Thirty-Eighth.
District.
About seven months ago the Young
Republicans in the Thirty-eighth Assem
bly District formed themselves into a club
and named it ti.e Columbia Athletic Club.
Every member will register his vote for
McKinley and protection.
Tne first public entertainment was given
by the club last night in Mascot Hall,
1106 Golden Gate avenue. The hall was
crowded to the doors by members of the
club and their friends.and all spent a most
enjoyable evening.
Nine boxing exhibitions of three rounds
each were given, the participants being
F. Rafael and C. Rochette, W. Cook and
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Auction Bkto
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, ; ;
Auctioneer for A. SI. Speck & Co.
TO-DAY AND > TO-WCOBROW
<■:-■ r' -■' *=....r.At 11 A. it...;..; ' '.' . -
1135 FOLSOM ST., Bet. 7th and Bth,
...... I^WII/L^SKlit, TH8..."». ;;."p....i
Magnificent Stock of Groceries and Liquors
Cash Registers, Hall Safe, Horse and Wagon, etc .
• S. BASCH, -. : V _.
Auctioneer and Commission Merchant.
Office 1043 Market st. Tel. 871 South.
I TOIL I. SELL THIS DAY, '
THURSDAY, August 27, 1896, at 11 a. m.. on the
premises, McAllister st., near Lea Venworth; the
Contents of a 7-Room Flat, consisting of Odd Par-
lor Pieces, Couches, Bedroom ; Sets, Odd Beds,
Wire and Hair Top Mattresses. Dining Chairs, Ta-
ble, Sideboard, etc., Crockery, Glass a are, Agate
and Tin Ware. ■ .■■•; ■- ' ' . .- ■
Terms Cash. ', : 8. BASCH, Auctioneer.
REGULAR FURNITURE SALE
AT 1057 MAKKET ST., OPP. JONES,
TO-MORROW.
Friday........:...... August 28, 1896,
::-- ' ; . At 11 O'ClOCk A. M., '
For account of whom it may concern, we will sell
Carpets, Linoleum, Bedding, Chamber Suits, Par-
lor Goods, Dining-room Furniture, Lounges. Pil-
lows, Blankets. Ranges, Brlc-a-Brac and Orna-
ments. INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY,
1057 Markot St., opp. Jones.
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ, Auctioneer.
W. Dunigan, Joe Kennedy and John Ken
nedy, P. Lynch and J. O'Brien, Ben Nicht
and J. Sullivan, F. Skuse and J. Lawior,
J. Hughes and J. Murphy, T. Hennessy
and John McGrath, W. Ryan and John
Egan.
W. Cathcart and John Cooney displayed
their skill with the foils, and wrestling
contests took place between V. P. White
and Joe Cook, president of the club; J.
Spiro and J. Bull ; Charles Peterson and
John Casey and Torn Meagles and T.
Davis.
Comic specialties were rendered by Joe
Dennis and singing by the Columbia Quar
tet, which were much enjoyed.
The club will give an entertainment
next month for the benefit of the Golden
Gate Carnival.
LORD SUDELEY IS HERE.
He Has Been Looking at the Mines of
Trail Creek.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was
Lord Sudeley of England, who has been
on a visit to the cold mines of Trail Creek,
in British Columbia, where he owns dif
ferent mining interests.
He is accompaniea by Arthur Pease of
London, who has been here a number of
times hitherto,. and is interested in Cali
fornia mines. Lord Sudeley, it is said,
will examine into some mines here. He
said last nitfht that he haa never before
been in the United States.
As to the money question, which is be
ing everywhere discussed nere, he said he
was very much mixed and was trying to
find out the truth.
Lord Sudeley is scarcely 50 years of
age, of not over medium height, and is a
pleasing conversationalist.
THEY FAVOR FREE LUNCH
Liquor-dealers' and Barkeepers'
Association a Unit on
the Subject
They Say It Is Detrimental to No
One and a Benefit to
Many.
The Pacific Coast Retail Liquor-dealers'
and Barkeepers' Protective Association
held a numerously attended meeting last
night at the hall at 539 California street.
They adopted a constitution and by-laws
as prepared by a committee previously
appointed, indorsed the Liquor- dealers'
Journal as the official organ of the organi
zation, and adopted a vote of thanks to
the newspapers of the City which have
extended various courtesies and published
their minutes and notices.
The principal feature of the meeting
was the adoption of the following resolu
tions:
Whereas, Certain parties and organizations
are endeavoring to secure the passage by the
Board of Supervisors of this City and County
of an ordinance prohibiting the liquor-dealers
of this City from distributing free lunch to
their customers; and whereas, such an ordi
nance would not only be unconstitutional as
class legislation, but a hardship on the work
ingmen of this City, many of whom, owing to
the low wages now prevailing, would b9
obliged to go without their noonday meal in
the event of the passage and enforcement of
such a law; and whereas, the distribution of,
hot lunch free of charge is a detriment to no
one and a benefit to many; now therefore be it
Resolved, That the Pacific Coast Retail Liquor
dealers' and Barkeepers' Protective Associa
tion does most earnestly condemn all parties
or organizations seeking the passage of such an
ordinance or endeavoring in any manner to
interfere with the rights of the retail liquor
dealers ol this City to carry on their business
according to the laws of this State now exist
ing.
This brought out a spirited discussion,
not in opposition to it, but in emphasizing
its sentiments. The expression was
freely made that the abolition of the
free lunch was sought only by high-priced
and high-toned saloons, whose efforts to
outdo each other in costly show arc cost
ing them large sums and bringing them
decided loss.
A committee consisting of James W. Bu
chanan, E. Lauterbach, C. G. Keller, Tim
othy Regan and F. Davy was &r»poiuted to
interview the brewers and wholesale deal
ers of the City to endeavor to enlist their
substantial support for the maintenance of
the association.
STOCKTON'S CARNIVAL.
Interesting Features Being Prepared
by Energetic Citizens.
Among the arrivals from Stockton last
evening were three young men who are in
terested in tiie coming Stockton carnival.
Major Gus G. Grant is the chairman of the
carnival committee. Ho is here to make
arrangements for launches, barges and
music. Judge H. R. McNoble is the chair
man of the transportation committee. To
day he will interview the Southern Pacific
people to see if he can get better than the
ordinary passenger rates. Prom what can
be learned the railroad company is not
inclined to allow the carnival manage
ment a 9 good terras as are given to secret
and fraternal bodies.
Judge McNoble also desires the South
ern Pacific, the San Joaquin Valley and
the Lodi Terminal railroads to make a
locomotive display on "Weber avenue, on
which there is a mile of double tracks and
on which tb«» line of march has been. laid
out.
Robert W. Maitland of this City, who is
the secretary of the joint committees of
the carnival, will assist the two gentlemen
from Stockton in their efforts to make the
event a grand success.
AT OCEAN VIEW.
Property-Owners Determine on Farther
I m pro vein enta.
At a meeting of the Ocean View Im
provement <~!lub, held at Taylor's Hall,
Tuesday night, it was decided to have
signs plao d at various street crossings for
the mirpose of assisting strangers and
AUCTIOTSALE.
The Undersigned Will Offer for Sale
■ AT ■
PUBLIC AUCTION
WITHOUT. .RESERVE FOR CASH '
At Our Warerooms,
Nos. 213-215 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.,
THIS DAY,
THURSDAY ...... AUGUST 37, 1896,
COMMENCING AT 10 A. M.,
■~. -——AND ; AT—— ;
Our Warerooms at Nos. 362-366 Twelfth Street,
• •' " . Oakland, Alameda County, Cal.,
FR1DAY.... ............. AUGU5T 28, 1896,
Commencing at 10 a. h.,
The stock of .Vehicles, Bicycles, Horses, Harness,
Robes, Whips,, etc., formerly Of the Columbus
Bugsy Company, including about 600 Vehicles,
comprising Carriages, Surreys, Phaetons, Traps,
Bujtsles. Spring Wagons, . Business WagonVßoad
Wagons, Road Carts, Village Carts, speed Carts of
various styles, 112 sets of Single and Double Har-
ness, 8 Horses. 240 Bicycles. Office Furniture,
Safe, Desks. Typewriter, 640 Dashes, large stock
of Robes, Whips, Blankets and other miscellaneous
assortment of Buggy Tops, Poles, Shafts, Lamps,
etc. *.■■■..,B LANCHABD BRO. A LAN E.
AUCTION SALE.
L. H. BUBD, Auctioneer, will sail FRIDAY,
August 28, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., tho Elegant
Furniture of Residence, -Post street, near Web-
ster. See morning papers. - • ■■•• 1* H. BUKD.
visitors to the district. Mr. Sheppard
offered to paint the signs free of cost
and the club will pay for putting them on
the houses or signposts.
A committee was appointed- to visit the
resident and non-resident property-owners
to ascertain if they will be in favor of
grading their streets. A resolution was
passed instructing the secretary to send a
communication to the Board of Educa
tion, asking them to establish a night
school class at Ocean View.
NO ANSWER FROM BRYAN
Italian Democrats Lose Hope
of the Insults Being
Denied.
Mast Believe That the Nebraska Man
Hates and Despises Their
Nationality.
There was no softening in the feelings
against Bryan expressed yesterday by
Italian residents. The few Italian Demo
crats who still pin their faith to the
Nebraska rcan weakened visibly when
they found that no reply had come to
L' Itaiia's t^lepram to the World-Herald
of Nebraska, asking if any denial was
forthcoming to Bryan's insulting edi
torials respecting Italians.
So many Italian votes are at stake, all
over the country, that it is believed some
effort would be made to stem the rising
tide of indignation, by denying or explain
ing away the obnoxious editorials, if there
were any loophole by which it could be
done. Italian rjapers are beginning to air
the idea that it is intolerant newspaper
articles such as those of Bryan on Italian
immigration whicn have aroused the feel
ing of odium against Italians that in some
cases has culminated in lynching. L' ltalia
says:
The real people to blame are those babblers
like Bryan, who in their discourses arouse the
American people against Italian immigrants
by describing them as professional assassins,
who go through life with a stiletto in their
bands ready to kill. Naturally these opinions,
continually hurled at the public, arouse a feel
ing of hatred against Italians, hatred which,
when the opportune moment comes, explodes
in those collective crimes in which the
"Italian hunt" assumes the most tragic and
terrible forms.
There is outcry enough against anarchists
for preaching hatred of the rich and powerful
and fomenting crime. Well, Bryan, and all
the other demagogues who do as he does In
continually throwing a sinister light on the
name of Italian, are really more criminal than
the anarchists, because they direct their tirades
against one single nation, wnich, notwithstand
ing, has so many claims on civilization.
L'Elvczia, the local organ of the Italian
speaking Swiss population, in quoting the
World-Herald's editorials against Italians,
says:
With Bryan in power it would be more than
probable that the present restrictions on
Italian immigration would be converted into
an absolute decree ot exclusion.
• — •> — *■
LETTER-CARRIERS MEET.
The Delegation to the National Conven
tion Will tabor for San Francisco.
A meeting of the Letter-carriers' Asso
ciation was held in Judge Conlan's court
room last night.
The meeting was for the purpose of hear
ing from the committee — consisting of
R. H. Roche, I. C. Levy and F. E. Bmith—
which had been appointed to make lull ar
rangements for the San Francisco delega
tion which will leave this City on next
Tuesday for Grand Rapids, where the Na
tional convention will convene on the 7th
of Sep'ember.
The San Francisco delegates, B. Frank
Ames, J. Stephen Sullivan and Roland
M. Roche, with those from Sacramento,
Oakiand and Los Angeles, will labor in
dustriously to have the next National
Convention meet in this City.
To accomplish this the committee of ar
rangements has secured from the wine
merchants of this City fifty cases of Cali
i fornia wines including champagne, sweet
[ and dry wines, besides a promise of a car
load of fresh California fruit, which J. A.
Filcher, secretary and manager of the
I State Board of Trade, promised to forward
so us to be on hand on the night the ban
quet will be held.
In addition to this Captain W. L.
Merry, chairman of the Chamber of Com
merce, proffered them all the assistance
in his power and offered them the use of
the Chamber of Commerce rooms rent
free in which to hold the meeting should
the convention come here.
A. A. Watkins, president of the Board
of Trade, through Secretary H. 8. Smith,
gave all the encouragement he could and
promised them the co-operation of the
merchants in their behalf.
■
LATEST SHIPPING INTLLIGENCE.
: . • Arrived. ■ •
.' WEDNESDAY. August 28.'
Schr Daisy Kowe. ' Oisen, 24 hours from Devil
blss Landing; 160 els baric, to Hlgglns & Collins.
Domestic Ports. -
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Ang 20— Schooner
Emma Utter, hence July 31; scbr Marlon, from
Ventura; schr B W fiarliett, from Port Townsend.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
. NEW , YORK— Arrived Aug 26— Stmrs Aurania,
from Liverpool:' Lahn, from Bremen: H H Mter,
from Bremen; Moravia, from Hamburg.
■ Sailed Aug 26— Stmrs Pncenlda, for Hamburg:
Paris, for ' Southampton ; < Weimar, ; for Bremen;
Majestic,' for Liverpool v- Southwark, for Antwerp.
; MARSEILLES- Arrived out Aug2a-Btmt Ale
glft '.•"■-". ■ ---'■': - r ' ■■■-'.' ■■ \.. J ■' ; -' :". < .' '
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out Auz 26— Stmrs
St Paul and Trave. ■--'<:.-:- ..'-■< -
Sailed auk 2ts— -itrar Havel, for New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Aug ; 26— Stmr Ob.
dam."'*?" "■.'.'-■ '-■-'■■ ■'■'•■-. "•"'•■■" ■ '* ' ■ ■
Sailed Aug 26— Stmr Veendam. for New York
; "HAMBURG— SaiIed Aug 23— 3tmr. Palatia, for
New York. ■•■'. .-■' ' '■"■■■ .■*-"• -" • *• '■' '.-■■/.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABKT BT. Established
in IH."S* for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. | Debility or
disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
others fall. Try him. Charges low.
Cnre»cß»ranlrrd. Call orwrlte.
Dr. J. V. UIBBON. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
1314
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Great Preparations Being Made
for the Coming Racing
Season.
Twenty-Seven Important Events on
the Programme— Big Stakes
Are Booked.
The California Jockey Club's new race
track, grand stand, stables, etc, near
Shell Mound, are rapidly nearing com
pletion, and when finished will be among
the best west of the Rocky Mountains.
Great preparations are being made for the
club's stakes entries, which close Novem bar
1. There will be twenty-seven stakes, ag
gregating $42,750. Six will be flat races,
open to two-year-olds, to take place| later
in the season. The great race is the Burns
handicap for $10,000. There will be. ten
races free of entrance. The following
events have been scheduled :
The inaugural handicap, $1000. to be run
the opening day of the new Oakland Race
Track— A handicap for all ages; entrance
$10; $25 additional for horses not declared by
the time of closing the entries, Saturday, Oc
tober 17. The California Jockey Club to guar
antee the value of the stakes to be $1000, of
which $200 to second, and $100 to third
horse. Entries close October i. Weights to
be published October 15; Declarations to be
made to the secretary before 11 o'clock a. m.
October 17. One mile.
1. Tne Burns handicap — A' handicap for all
ages; entrance $20; $30 additional for horses
not declared by 4 p. m. of day after weights
are announced; $100 additional for starters.
The California Jockey Club to guarantee the
value of the st. kes to be $10,000, of which
$2000 to second and $1000 to third horse.
Weights to be announced five days before the
race. Horses not declared before 4P.m. of the |
aay preceding the race to be liable for full !
starting fee. Winners of any race after weights i
are announced to carry five pounds extra; if \
handicapped at less than weight for age, seven
pounds extra. One mile an<! a quarter.
2. The Thornton stakes— For tnree-year-olds ;
and upward, ten pounds below the scales; en
trance 910; $50 additional for horses not de- ■
clared by the time of closing entries the day j
preceding the race. The California Jockey !
Club to guarantee the value of the stakes to |
be $3000, of which $300 to second and $200 to i
third horse. Four miles.
3. The Palace Hotel handicap— A handicap
for all ages; entrance $10; $40 additional for
horses not declared at time of closing entries
the day preceding the race. The California
Jockey Club to guarantee the value of the
stakes to be $2000, of wnich $250 to second
and $150 to third horse. Weights to be an
nounced three days prior to the race. Win
ners after the weights are announced to cany
five pounds extra. One mile and a furlong.
4. The Gnnst Selling stakes— For all ages;
entrance $10; $25 additional for horses not
declared by time of closing entries the day pre
ceding the race. The California Jockey Club
to Guarantee the value of the stakes to be
$1500,- of which $250 to second and $150 to
tnird horse. The winner to be sold at auction
for $3000. If for less, one pound allowed lor
each $250 to $1500; then one pound lor each
$100 to $500. Starters to be named with sell
ing price through the entry-box the day before
the race at the usual time of closing. One
mile and a sixteenth. .
5. The Baldwin Hotel handicap — A handicap
for all ages; entrance $10; $25 additional for
horses not declared by time oi closing entries
the day preceding tne race. The California
Jockey Club to guarantee the value of the |
stakes to be $1500, of which $250 to second j
and $150 to third horse. Weights to be an- j
nounced four days nrior to the race. Winners
alter weights are announced to carry five
pounds extra. One mile.
6. The Follansbee handicap — A handicap for j
all ages; entrance $10; $25 additional for ;
horses not declared by time of closing entries j
the day preceding the race. The California
Jockey Club to guarantee the value of the !
stakes to be $1250, of which $200 to second J
and $100 to third horse. Weights to be an- j
nounced throe days prior to the race. Winners j
after weights are announced to carry five i
pounds extra. Seven furlongs.
7. The McLaugblin selling stakes— For all i
ages; entrance $10; $25 addition%l for horses;
not declared by time of closing entries the day |
preceding the race. The California Jockey i
Club to guarantee the value of the stakes to
be $1250, ot which $200 to second and $100 \
to third horse, Those entered to be sold for i
$4000 to carry weight forage; for $3000 al
lowed five pounds with two pounds for each ;
$500 to $2000 and one pound for each $100 \
less to $800. Starters to be named with sell- ;
ing price through the entry box the day before i
the race at the usual time of closing. One j
mile.
8. The Pacific Union selling stakes— For all \
ages; entrance $10; $25 additional for horses
sot declared by time of closing entries the I
day preceding the race. The California I
Jockey Club to guarantee the value of the
stakes to be $1500, of which $250 to second
and $150 to third horse. The winner to be
sold at auction for $3000. If for less one
pound allowed for each $200 to $1600; then
one pound for each $100 to $700. Starters to
be named witn selling price through the entry
box the day before the race at the usual time
of closing. One mile and a furlong.
9. The Produce Exchange stakes— For two
year-olds (foals of 1894), that have not won a
race at the time of closing of the stakes; en
trance $10, $25 additional for horses not de
clared by the time of closing entries the day
preceding the race. The California Jockey
Club to guarantee the value of the stakes to be
$1250, of which $200 to second and $100 to j
third horse. Winners of one race to carry I
three pounds penalty; of two or more races of
any value or one of $600 in value to carry five
pounds penalty; maidens, if beaten three or
more times, allowed five pounds; if unplaced
(1-2-3), allowed ten pounds. This stake will
be run in December, 1896. Five and a half
furlongs.
10. The Palo Alto handicap — A handicap for
two-year-olds (foals of 1894.) Entrance $10;
$25 additional for horses not declared Dy time
of closing entries the day preceding the race.
The California Jockey Club to guarantee the
value of the stakes to be $1250, of which $200
to second and $100 to third horse. Weights to
be announced three days prior to the race.
Winners after the weights are announced to
carry five pounds extra. This stake will be
run in December, 1896. Six furlongs.
11. The Lissak selling stakes— For three
year olds (foals of 1894); entrance $10, $25
additional for horses not declared Dy time of
closing entries the day preceding the race;
the California Jockey Club to guarantee the
value of the stakes to be $1250, of which $200
to second and sloo to thir-1 norse; those en
tered not to be sold to carry seven pounds ex
tra; if entered to be sold for $3000 weight for I
ape; allowances, one pound ior each $250 to
$2000, one pound fur each $100 to $1000, two
pounds for each $100 to $500 ; winners, after
closing of the stakes of two races of any value
or one stake, to carry live pounds extra; start
ers to be named, with selling price, through
the entry box the day betore the race, at the
usual time of closing; six furlongs.
12. The Rancho del Paso, handicap— A handi
cap ior three-year-olds (foals of 1894) ; entrance
$10, $25 additional for horses not declared by |
time of closing entries the ('ay preceding the I
race; the California Jockey fclub to guarantee J
the value of the stakes to be $1250, of which
$200 to second and $100 to third horse;
weights to be announced three days prior to
tne race, winners, after weights are an- j
nouiiced, to carry five pounds extra; one mile. '
13. The Naglee selling stakes — For all ages;
entrance $10; $25 additional for horses not
dt clared by time of closing entries the day
preceding the rnce; the California Jockey Club
to euarantee the value of the stakes "to be
$1250, of which $200 to the second and $100
to the third horse; $1800 weight for age; al- I
lowances, 1 pound for each $100 to $1000 !
and 2 pounds for each $100 less to $300; I
starters to be named with selling price !
through the entry-box the day before the race
at the usual time ol closing; seven furlongs.
14. The Burlingame steeplechase handicap
A handicap steeplechase for three-year-olds
and upward; entrance $10; $25 additional
for horses not declared by time oi closing en
tries the day preceding the race; weights! to
be announced three days prior to the race; the
California Jockey Club to guarantee the value
of the stakes to be $1000, of which $200 to
second and $100 to third horse; winners, I
after the weights are announced, to carry 5 |
pounds extra; short steeplechase course; about
a mile and a half.
15. The flood hurdle handicap— A handi
cap hurdle race for three-year-olds and up
ward; entrance, $10; $25 additionnl for horses
not declared by time of closing entries the day
preceding the race; weights to be an
nounced three days prior to the race; the Cal
ifornia Jockey Club to guarantee the value of
the Eiakes to be $1000. of which $200 to sec
ond and $100 to tnird horse; winners after
weights are announced to carry 5 pounds ex
tra; two miles over eight hurdles.
16. The Athenian Club steeplechase handi
cap—A handicap steeplechase for three-year
olds and upward; entrance, $10; $25 addi
tional for horses not declared by time of
closing entries the day preceding the race;
weights to be announced three days prior to
the race; the Calrfornia Jockey Club to iruar
antee.the value of the stakes to be $1500, of
which 9250 to second and $150 to third horse;
winners after weignts are announced to carry
5 pounds extra; the fu.l steeplechase course;
:;bout two and a quarter miles.
The following stakes are opened by the
California Jockey Club to horsemen free of
entrance, to close November 1, 1896, to be
run daring the spring racing meeting of
1897:
17. The California maiden stakes— For three
year-olds (foals oi 1894), for maidens at the
time of closing of the stake. Entrance fee:
$10 for horses not declared by January I,
1897; $20 additional for horses not declared
by time of closing the entries the day preced
ing the race. The California Jockey Club to
guarantee the value of the stakes to be $1000,
I of which $200 to second and $100 to third
horse. Winners after closing of the stakes once
4 pounds, twice 7 pounds, extra. Allowances:
Those that have started three or more times
and nave never been placed, allowed seven
pounds; six furlongs.
18. The San Pablo selling stakes— For three
year-olds (foals of 1894); for non-winners of
$750 at the time of the closing of the stakes ;
entrance fee $10 for horses not declared by
January 1, 1897; $20 additional lor horses
not declared by the time of closing the entries
the day preceding the race; the California
Jockey Club to guarantee the value cf the
stakes to be $1000. of which $200 to second
and $100 to third horse; those entered to be
sold for $500 to carry 100 pounds, then 2
pounds for each $100 above that price up to
$1500; usual allowance for fillies and geld
ings; winners after the date of closing of
three races of any value or one of $1000 to
carry 7 pounds extra; selling price to be stated
through the entry-box at the time of closing
the entries the day before the race; one mile.
19. The Shell Mound handicap; for three
year-olds (foals of 1894); for non-winners of
$800 at the time of closing of the stakes; en
trance free; $10 if not declared by January 1,
1897; $20 additional for horses not declared
by time of closing the entries the day preced
ing the race; the California Jockey Club to
guarantee the value of the stakes to be $1000,
of which $200 to the second and $100 to third
horse; weights to be announced three days
prior to the race; winners alter the weights
are announced to carry five pounds extra;
seven furlongs.
20. The San Leandro selling stakes — For all
ages: for non-winners of $750 in 1896 up to
the time of the closing of the stakes; entrance
free; $10 for horses not declared by January
1, 1897; $20 additional ior horses not de
clared by time of closing of the entries the day
preceding the race; the California Jockey
Club to guarantee the value of the stakes to
be $1000, of which $200 to second and $100 to
third horse; those entered to be sold for $700
to carry ten pounds below the scales, if for
more two pounds for each $100 up; selling
price to be stated through the entry-box at
the time of the closing of the entries the day
preceding the race; winners after closing of
the stakes of three races of any- value or one
of $1000 to carry seven pounds extra; seven
and a half furlongs.
21. The Berkeley handicap— A highweight
handicap; for all ages; entrance free; $10 if
not declared by January 1, 1897; $20 addi
tional for horses not declared by time of
closing the entries the day preceding the race;
the California Jockey Club to guarantee the
value of the stakes, to be slooo, of which $200
to second and $100 to third horse; weights to
be announced three days prior to the race ;
winners after the weights are announced to
carry five pounds extra; six furlongs.
22. The Piedmont handicap— A high
weight handicap for all ages; entrance
free; $10 if not declared by January
1, 1897; $20 additional for horses not declared
by time ot closing the entries the day preced
ing the race ; the California Jockey Club to
guarantee the value of the stakes, to be $1000,
of which $200 to second and $100 to third
horse; weights to be announced three days
prior to the race; winners after weights are
announced to carry five pounds extra; seven
furlongs.
23. The Emeryville handicap — A handicap;
for all ages; entrance free; $10 if not daclared
by January 1, 1897; $20 additional for horses
not declared by time of closing the entries the
day preceding the race. The California
Jockey Club to guarantee the value of the
stakes to bo $1000. of which $200 to second
and $100 to third horse. Weights to be an
nounced three days prior to the race. Win
ners after weights are announced to carry
five pounds extra; six and a half furlongs.
24. The Alameda handicap — A handicap; for
all ages; for non-winners of $1000 in 1896 up
to the date of closing of the stakes; entrance
free; $10 if not declared by January 1, 1897;
$20 additional for horses not declared by time
of closing the entries the day preceding the
race. The California Jockey club to guarantee
the value of the stakes to be $1000, of which
$200 to second and $100 to third horse.
Weights to be announced three days prior to
the race. Winners after the weights are an
nounced to carry five pounds extra; one
mile.
25. The Golden Gate handicap— A handicap,
for all ages; entrance free; $10 if not de
clarea by January 1, 1897; $20 additional for
horses not declared by time oi closing the en
tries the day preceding the race; the Cali
fornia Jockey Club to guarantee the value of
the stakes to be $1000, of which $200 to sec
ond and $100 to third horse; weights to be
announced three days prior to the race; win
ners after weights are announced to carry
five pounds extra; seven and a half furlongs.
26. The Oakland handicap — A handicap, for
ail ages; for non-winners of $600 in 1896 up
to the date of the closing of the stakes; en
trance free; $10 if not declared by January 1,
1897; $20 additional for horses not declared
by time of closing of the entries the day pre
ceding the race; the California Jockey Club
to guarantee the value of the stakes to be
$1000, of which $200 to second and $100 to
third horse; weights to be announced three
days prior to the race; winners after the
weights are announced to carry five pounds
extra; one and a quarter miles.
NEW CORPORATIONS.
A Gas and Electric Company and a Gold
Mining Company Incorporated.
Articles incorporating the Pacific Coast
Gaslight and Fuel Company were riled
yesterday with the County Clerk. The
purpose of the corporation is to "construct,
erect, purchase, lease, hire, let, operate
and sell" gas and electric works for heat,
light or power and also for water-works.
The capital stock is $500,000. The incorpo
rators are S. W. Van Sycle. W. B. Morris,
Harvey Levelling, Eli Lewelling and T.
W. Nowlin. The place of business is in
San Francisco.
Articles of incorporation of the Yellow
Metal Mining Company were filed with
the County Clerk yesterday. The purpose
is, to mine in the Hughes Mining District
and elsewhere within the State for told
and other metals. The capital stock is
$1,000,000; actually paid in, $35,000. Fol
lowing are the incorporators : H. O.
Steams, W. Rutledge, J. S. Eastman, A.
Miles Taylor, A. E.Williams,|W.Tilghman,
Ball & Lohes, | each having five shares
at |1090 each.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUBINEBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Caia
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
Bight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Havre street, ope.i until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, *pea
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
■^35* S O UTH SAN FRANCISCO ■
fc^*' Lodge No. 212. F. and A. M., meets fi\. -
THIS EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Third lfjf
degree. By order of the Master. r^y\
•.---• . E. C. HARE, Secretary. -
B5S* GOLDEN WEST LODGE Na
•S3' 322, I. O. O. F. — Initiation
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING atB^fs^PKF
o'clock. All visiting brothers invited. -^w/n\'* ~
E. O. GLEASON, N. G.
A. T. HAGgyKAMP, Kec. Sec. .
ABOU BEN ADHEM ***£!&£&> ~
•-^ Lodge. No. 112, I. O. O. F.— ln-^^_|^l-
Itlation TO-NIGHT. ■
C. J. SPEAR, Secretary. sl miv^-
]K^= CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
>-*' THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for $1 50.
postage free. . . . , - .
SPECIAL '; NOTICES.
K^J^ DR.G. E.SI7^SDORFF HAS REMOVED
»~-^ his offices to 223^ Geary st. rooms 1 and 2.
■ BAD TENANTS , EJECTED FOR 94;
T~^' collections made, city or country.. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy at- room 6. Tel. 6580.
IJ 1 , BAD TENANTS EJECTED, $3. COOK.
**fv Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st. >
CgS» DR. BAYER REMOVED HIS OFFICE
w^^ to 14 Grant aye. : residence 1703 Geary st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE — TO THE
»?«r shareholders or the Independent Red Men's
Hall Association— Please take notice that
at the last regular, meeting of the Board of Di-
rectors of said association, on August 4, 1898, a
dividend of 50 cents per share has been declared
and is due and payable on Friday, August 28, at
8 o'clock p. _, in the Red Men's Hall, 510 Bush
*'??*» _ o C. B. RODE, President.
B. A. Sammash, Secretary. ■■ - .-,
SITUATIONS WANTED -FEMAXE.
CF- ? A: I SE^ * CO - ° GEARY ST..
. furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, phone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
temlon guaranteed ; . telephone Grant 185. ;;v' '
IV' ANTED-BY A YOUNG WOMAN, HOH-
-IT. est and reliable, housework and cooking:
wages $20 to $25; light housework, no wash
wages 915; would do janitress work of 'any kind-'
would assist cooking in hotel or boarding-house or
do ! chamberwork. Address MISS CLARA
CROSBY, 713 .Broadway. tW KA
THE SAN FRANCISCO "CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
M~~R~. M. JOHNSTON, 995 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel. Mint 904
f\ OOD WOMAN IS GREATLY IN NEED OF
Ijr work; is willing to do anything: would go by
tbe day or steady in a good home; its strictly tem-
perate and honest: must have work now; no
cards. Please call 748 Howard st.
ASTERN WOMAN WANTS POSITION;
city or country; is goon cook, baker and laun-
dress; Protestant; either workinsr housekeeper's
position ; references. Call 568 Minna st.
YOUNG LADY, EXPERIENCED BOOKKFEP-
X er, desires position as bookkeeper, cashier or
any kind of office work: first-class reference. Ad-
dress Y. 8., box 128. Call Office.
SWEDISH WOMAN WISHES WORK BY THE
day; waah.'r.g, Ironing and house-cleaning.
Please call 2969 Twenty -fourth st., rear, bet. Har-
rlson and Alabama sts.
EKMAN WOMAN WANTS A STEADY
situation in a respectable business or private
house; is a first-class cook and economical house-
keeper: best references given. 224 Fourth st.
pOMPETENT NURSE DESIRES THE CARE
\J of an invalid; references. Address 8., box 21.
Call Office.
VyOMA.N WANTS WORK BY THE DAY OR
»» week or washing at home. Call or address
458 V 2 Minna st.
RI-SPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS WOKK OF
any kind for afternoons from 1 o'clock. Ad-
dress M., box 18, i his office.
pAPABLE GIKL COOK IN AMERICAN FAM-
KJ ily; best city reference; $26. 3'-!l5Vi Sacra-
mento st.
RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
-It where she may keep Child of 5 years. Call
1828i.fr Market st.
UITUATI..N WANTED; WORKING HOUSE-
-0 keeper or chambermaid: city or country- Call
or address 967 Allsslon st.
GERMAN GIKx, ARRIVED FROM GERMANY
desires place 'to take care of children and do
housework. Apply MRS. ROWER, 111 Prospect
place.
Y OI - T^« GIRL WANTS A SITUATION TO DO
X general housework; good references If re-
qulred. Call or address 221 11th St., nr. Howard.
OOD GIRL WISHES A SITUATION TO DO
general housework and cooking in private
family. Please call at 1730 Baker, nr. California.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION
v^ to do general housework; small family: mode-
rate wages. Call or address 237 Eleventh aye,,
between Clement and California sts.
IDDLE^AOED GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
child wants work by the day ; cooking or gen-
eral housework. Call or address 434 Fifth. St.
UKLI A B LE~mTdDLE- AG E D~WOMAN~W ANTS
it work by the day; washing and ironing: is first-
class cleaner. I'lease call or address 1017 a Folsom
St., near Sixth.
FIXATION DESIRED BY COOK: EXCEL-
Ient refeiences: willing to do housework. 2416
Clay st.
SMART YOUNG GIRL, JUST * ROM IRE-
land, wishes work. Call at 26 ningold St., bet.
Eighth and Ninth, Folsoin and Harrison.
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION TO
-1 do any kind of work in country: will go any
distance; wages $16. G. 8., 668 Nluth st., Oak-
land.
pOMPETENT YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
\J place to do general housework. 668 Ninth sU,
Oakland.
YOUNG GIRL DESIRES A SITUATION TO
X do general housework iv a small family. Call
420y 2 Thirteenth St., above Valencia.
TRoNG^ RELIABLE WOMAN WANTS
housework by the day or month; is ?ood cook
and laundress. 748 . lowardst., near Fourth.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUA-
X tion to do general housework. 428 Chestnut
sc, in the rear.
VOUSG SCOTCH WIDOW WOULD LIKE
X housework and cooking; best city references
of four years. Apply 51i9% Natomast.
V OUNG WIBO \VWOU IDLIKE POSITION AS
X housekeener or work by the day: call i to 9
P. M. MKS. M. LESTER, 1142 Howard st.
BOOKKEEPER— YOUNG LADY* WI H LONG
XJ experience; can take complete charge of books
for retail, wholesale or manufacturing business,
desires situation; No. 1 references. Address M.,
box 40, fail Office.
fDOW WOULD LIKE POSITION ASWOKK-
ing housekeeper ior widower or bachelor; City
or country- <-'all or address 21 Seventh st.
TRONG, WILLING CATHOLIC GIRL;
housework; good cook; kind to children; $18.
Apply between 2 and 4 at '-'975 Twenty-fourthjsu,
near Harrison.
ADY DKSIRES GENTLEMEN'S WASHING,
mending and plain sewing; will give care and
attention. Apply rear 243 Shipley St., off Fifth,
between Folsom and Harrison.
\\7 ANTED-^PUSriTON AS HOUSEKEEPER:
»» small family; good cooking; full care of the
home; terms moderate. Address Housekeeper,
2222 Va Mission st.
ADY WISHES TO GET A FEW HOURS
work from 7 till 12 a. m., every day. Apply
129 Fifth st., near Minnie, room 6.
SITUATION WANTKD BY RELIABLE GIRL
O as cook or to do upstairs work. Please call or
address 1612 Lyon st.
WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO DO
«» housework: no objection to the country.
Call at 740 Howard st.
ANTED— BY FIKST-CLASS LADY SOLlC-
itor an easily handled article to sell or take
orders for. Address H., box 46, Call Office.
OEFINED LAD~Y WISHES POSITION AS
XX housekeener or seamstress. Call afternoon at
room 21, second floor, 821 Howard st.
RENCH DRESSMAKER. GOol) FITTEK,
would like a few more engagements in families.
Address E. M.. box 69, Call ufflce.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUA
\J tion, cooking and general housework; city or
country. Apply 29 Pleasant SL
ri uation wanted by reliable
young woman to do ch 'in berwork in lodging-
house: wages $12 per month. Call or address 7t> 3
Mission st.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
would like a situation for upstairs work; good
references; no letters. Call 3"ly 2 Golden Gate aye.
rp\VO. REFINED GERMAN GIRLS WANT
X situation to do upstairs work. Address 30
Hanover place, off Sacramento st., bet. Mason and
Powell.
POSITION AS WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
X by young woman with a child: other children
preferred: city or country. Mrs. N., box 18, Call.
YOUNG WIDOW OFTSXPERIENCE DESIRES
1 a position as nousekeeier; widower's or bache-
lor's family. 1007 Market st. : apply 10 to 5 only.
YOUNG WIDOW, STRANGER f^THE CITY,
X would liite position as housekeeper; no trifiers
need apply. 728 Howard st.
p ERMAN EXPERIENCED GIRL WISHES
VJT situation in a private family for upstairs work
and sewing: wages $20. Please call ai 318 Golden
Gate aye.
ANTED-BY A RESPECTABLE AMERI-
cau woman work by the day: is a good laun-
dress and can do any kind of housework and give
good references. Address A- W., box 95, Ca.l.
VOUXtTw IDOW WISHES SITUATION AS
X cook; French or German preferred. Call room
10, 110 Sixth st.
YOUNG LADY WANTS POSITION Tn
X office or copying to do at home. Call 706 Ellis
St., ring two bells.
IJJUI.E-AOED .SCANDINAVIAN LADY
wishes place to take care of infant or child:
best ot references given. Call for a week, 819
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG LAD Y~ DESIRES POSITION AS
X typewriter. Room 9, 122 Post st., second floor.
YV INCHES i ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Martpt: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 iop per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus anfl hacga"Pto mul trom the iPrrv.
SITUATIONS WAXTED-MALE.
H~~ UOJT-Er" <fe~CO.T 1"H IN ESE"AN D " JApX
nese employment office. 17 Webb st. below
Kearny, nr. Cal.; tel. main 281. W.e.YoUNO, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHIN ESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Sinter st. ; tel. Grant 30.
HIN ESE AND JAI'ANtSE KKLIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADEEY&CO., 640 Clay.
pHINKSK ANU JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office: best heln. 4 24 Vz O'Farrell: tot. )• . 423.
YOUNO SWKDBf WANTS WORK; IS GOOD
X carpcn.er and handy with machinery; garden
and farm work; good horseman: reference. WIL-
LIAM, 267 Minna st.
AN WAN'! S WORK IN KEST AURANT OR
hotel as dishwasher or vegetable man; will
make himself generally useful; sober and reliable.
Address Reliable, Capitol House, 537 Sacramento.
YOUNG MAN GOING TO NEW YORK OVER-
X land would like to defray Ins expenses by ad-
vertising some reliable firm ; first-class references.
Address Y. 1 ., box 122, Call Office. ,
L/OuKKEEPEi; OK OFFICE WORK: NO OB-
XJ jectioti to country. Address M., box 13, Call.
QTEADY' YOUNG MAN WA.NTS TO DRIVE
O wagon, or can work second hand in a bakery.
Address B, box 9, Call Office. Oakland.
V STEADY YOUNG MAN; CLERK WORK
preferred: good horseman: had experience In
mantle business; references. Address A. H., box
8, Call Office, Oakland.
NGLISHMAN (26) WANTS WORK OF ANY
kind; understands horses and cows; good ref-
erences. Address C. s., 961 Mission st.
OUNG MAN FROM INTERIOR DESIRES
any kind of store or office work or light team-
ing; is a competent horseman. Address Appli-
cant, "JB9 Natoma St.. city.
T A f ANEBe7yOUNG. NEAT BOY WANTS A
«l situation as schoolboy; speaks English. TA-
SHIKu, 121 Haight su, Japanese Y. M. C. A.
COOK WANTS SITUATION ; WIFE AS HELP-
. er: restaurant, hotel or boarding-house. Aa-
dress C. W., box 18, Call Office.
1..V AN EXPERIENCED WINEMAKEK; 20
-!•> years' experience: Al references; moderate
wages. Address Winemaker, 409 Pac.fic st.
OY, 17, WANTS POBITION FROM 9 TO 1
p. if. and Saturday and Sunday for board.
Boy, box 11)8, Call Office^
ITUA'IION WANTED IN PRIVATE I'AJII-
Iy by flrst-clnsa gardener who understands all
kinds of work around private place; good refer-
ences. Address N. ANDERSON, 657 Howard St.
\ OUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION: IS
1 cooper by trade- umic-rstands running; winery,
distillery, boiler and engine. Address 408 Capp st.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
DANE WISHES -SITUATION: : PRIVATE
.place 'or? small ranch; ' thoroughly under-
stands horses.c garden and general farm work;
references. v Address A. N., box 13, Call office. r :
ARPENTER , HAS WORKED SEVERAL
\J ■ years on large ranch as carpenter ami general
repairer; also house carpenter, ■■ understands ' min-
ing, steam pump and piping. Address C. M H : box
14, Call office. : _l__i__________
"ITiNGINEER, . COM PETENT: mechanic,
XTj wants position; experienced on air compressor,
hoisting, traction and -pumps; -' references. ; Ad-
dress I. B. KILGORE, Concord. Cal. ; . :. - : ;
AN AND WIFE WISH TO WORK IN A
restaurant; s wife as cook and man for kitch-
enwork; city or country. 70 Minna st .- ...
ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
work and plain cooking In small family. 1622
Webster st
XPh.KIfc.NLED MAN WISHES SITUATION
as ; foreman on fruit ranch: , experienced In
raisin and . fruit ' planting, ■ packing, etc. . Address
E. P.. box 6, Call Office. -" -'j
\V* INCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»" Market— Klectrio lights In every room ;« 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: 91 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. •
JAPANESE BUTLER WANTS SITUATION
O In private family; 1 has dress coat; long experi-
ence: can also do first-class French cooking. Please
address H. S. M., box 49, Call Office.
pOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
\J engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market st. 8. F., Cal. %
XV INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In . every room; /ou
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: 91 60 to 96 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
CTRONG WOMAN COOK: WASH AND IRON;
O good place near city. 925; 2 waitresses same
country hotel, 915- each; waitress, 920: 25 girls
for housework, . cooking, etc. MURRAY A
READY', Leading Employment Agents, 634-636
Clay at.
SCANDINAVIAN" OR GERMAN HOUSE-
O work girl. 930; Ban Rafael: 3 in family; see
lady here. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sotter st -
■VTEAT, REFINED-GERMAN NURSE. $16
li MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St. ■':-.?
TKISH GIRL, HOUSEWORK, 925. MIBB
X CULLEN. 3 23 Sutter st. -
WAITRESS. PRIVATE FAMILY, 926; BEC-
ond tlrl, 925; French or German chamber-
maid and seamstress, 925. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st ' .--■...■ ' - - :. -
ERMAN OR SWEDISH COOK, 3 IN FAM-
AX ily,*;-iO, no wash: nurse, 920: laundress and
chambermaid, $26; 12 housework. girls, city and
country, 920 and 925: 8 young girls, assist, 910 to
$15. MISS CULLKN. 3 -3 Sutter st. '.
AT EAT YOUNG NURSEGIRL, $10. MISS
■TV CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
/ i ERMAN WORKING HOUSEKEEPER. $15;'
' I country; see party here. ■ MISS CULLEN,
323 sutter st. ■ ••.
p ERMAN COOK, PRIVATE FAMILY, CITY,
VX 925: German nursegirl, samn • family, $12;
both must speak German; 2 German or Scandina-
vian cooks, r city, $25: 3 cooks, Jewish families,
city, 925 and 920: housework girls, city, 920 and
915. C. It. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st
p" ERMAN COOK TO WORK FROM 12:30 UN-
vJT til after dinner each day, 915; sleep home. C.
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.- -
HEAD WAITRESS, HOTEL, CITY: WAlT-
resses, country :•. hotel: steady place, $20:
chambermaid for lodging-house, $20 and room-
pantry girl for country hoteL a R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
VI A TED— INSTITUTION COOK. $30: RES-
" taurant waitress, ?25; 4 cooks in German and
American families, $25 and 930: 3 laundresses in
private families and hotel, $20, 925: 3 Protestant
second girls, $.'0: ranch coo*, $20; restaurant
cook. 925, and girls for cooking and housework In
city and country. ■ J. F. CROSETT <fc CO., 312
Sutter st. . : .
BAD waitress. $25 AND ROOM; TWO
XX hotel waitresses, 1 $20 and room: chamber-
maid, $20 and room: colored hotel cook, $30, etc.;
waitress. MARTIN, 749 Market st
"UrAITRESS, SMALL COUNTRY HOTEL, $20
»» and room ; head waitress, 925 and room, city.
MARTIN'S 749 Market st.
WANTED — GERMAN OR FRENCH COOK
''for institution. $30; German cook, *30: 2
French gir.s for housework, country, $15 and 920;
German or French kitchen-maid, $15: girls for
housework. LEON ANDRE. 316 Stockton st '
\\T ANTED— XL FOR CHOKING AND GKN-
" eral housework on nice farm near city, $20
per month and good home: fare, advanced if re-
quired. Apply to W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
\\/ AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, 92O; HOTEL
» » laundress, city. 920. R. T. WARD & CO., 610
Clay st
O GERMAN OR SWEDISH COOKS, $30. RES-
dU taurant cook, $30; waitress. $25; chamber-
maid, 920: 10 girls for housework. MRS. HIKD,
721 Ellis St. - - : ■ .-.-■ ■' ■
/ URLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
"T various positions. German Employment
Office, 303 Mason st.
YV AN TED-LADIES OF GOOD ADDRESS TO
"» . introduce an article for ladles only; will sell
on sight : - fine profits to right turtles. -L. W., box
58,' Call Office. '■';;.; .
U! LAUNDRESS; MUST BE GOOD
. ironer and have a small amount of money;
state nationality. Address Laundress, box 87, Call
Office. ;■. ...... -,-., . ■ . ■ .■
YV ANTED — YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN
'» light housework;- very good home; small
wages. Address 8. J., Box 30. Call Office.
OOD FINISHERS ON CLOAKS AND TAI-
r lor suits; also bright apprentice girl. COHN,
ladies' tailor, 121 Post st \
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSE-
X work. 1401/2 Cumberland st, cor. Dolores, bet
Nineteenth and Twentieth. :' : ' _^ '
ROTESTANT GIRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
X housework; $8. 3629 Seventeenth st., before
1 1 a. if .
"yOUNO Gf.KMAN GIRL ASSIST UPSTAIRS
X work: and talt- care one child; 912. 2210
Vallejo St., near Webster. . :•
/ URL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK; 2 IN
\J family; no washing;. *2o; must be a good
cook. , 19t)4 Sutter st .. . ■ - .
IRL WANTED FOR GENERAL- HOUBE-
work and washing; wages $15. Apply 1520
O'Farrell ' - ■
GOOD STRONG GIRL, COOKING, WASHING
VT and Ironing; 920; 4 in family; day's trip to the
country; 2in help. Apply 1832 Bush St., Bto 12.
VY r OUNO GIRL TO . ASSIST IN GENERAL
housework. Apply after 9a. m. 919 McAllis-
ter st.  .-,,.. ■■ -■■•■ : -. . . ..;■
T-CLASS DKESSMAKEK: THOROUHH-
X ]y competent take charge dressmaking estab-
nient; perfect cutter and fitter. X., box 96, Call. 1
\i IDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO DO HOUSE-
ITJ. work by the day; sleep home. 3997 Eigh-
teenth St. . ;■',,:. :
VOUNO GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
X housework and care of children. 3350 Eigh-
teenth St. ;
OOD HAIR-DRESSER AND MANICURE
wanted for store. Address E., box 8, Call. ■
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK AND
pialn cooking: 912 to $15. 1622 Webster st
GIRL WANTED-GENKRAL HOUSEWORK;
small family. 1009 Golden CSate aye. ' \
GIRL FOR GENERA.. HOUSEWORK. 642
Haight st. ' ■;, .. • •-;•.•
YOUNG GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
X call 71010 a. m. 435 Jersey st.
V OUNG GIRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK;
X sleep at home. 215 Second st. ■
GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
$8. Apply 2322 Fllimore st. .
SALESLADIES WANTED: 950 A MONTH
(contract) and commission: new thing; big
money. Apply 204 and 206 Leaven worth st. / -■
,VV ANTED— GIRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
'' work. Apply4s47 Eighteenth, near Douglas.
LADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRKSSING, MAN-
Icnrlng, face treatment, etc. , 131 Post St., r.20.
rpHK McDowell, largest and best, in
X fact the only first-class, dressmaking school on
| the coast. Patterns 25c up. 636 Market st.
BUSINKSS ; WOMEN, SOME CAPITAL, CAN
make money rapidly. ; Call 131 Post, room 21.
1/LYNN'S DRESS-CUTTING SCHOOL: TUES-
■»_3ayB free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OPERATORS" ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTS
W.and underwear. LEVI STRAUSS A CO., 32Va
Fremont st ;-.,..< - . ■ .-- ■ , ,
IJ AiKDRES*INO,;2So AND 86c ; MORNING
XX and eve classes; 101eg<mns,91 50. 1248 Mission.
"LT AIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS
1 - given Miss DOYLE. 119 a Powell st, 105 9th.
"Vl °, ST Convenient and RESPECT ABLK;
.7; Winchester House, 44 Third st; near Market;
iOO rooms; 25c to 91 50 per night; • $1 60 , to 93
'"' ' Al " '"'» 'bus »nd liatrgagft marnl from ferry.-
MALE : HELP WANTED.
QAf) HOPPIt KKKS; ITFABMERsT BOY TO
<j\ry learn tinsmith trade, $3 week: 20 tiemak-
ers, 8c each. MURRAY & ADV. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st ';: .-.:
h AKER> OKRM AN,- SECOND-HAND COUN-
o j try shop $25 and found; 3 cooks; 3 waiters:
i,2. 1! h Ts\? shei ' a second cooks, 920. MURRAY &
636 (?ay'si ea<ling Employment agents, 634 and
pANNER TO CA N FRUIT, $30 PER MONTH
\J and found. 'MURRAY & READY, - Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay sU y .:.■..
■DAILROAD LABORERS TO GO NORTH: Rl>
110 f.e fareand no fee " C - X- HANSEN <fcca,
JAPANESE PORTER, HOTEL, $23: JAPAN.
MA S drvm * ni .country; hotel, $20. . C. : R.
HAN SEN & CO., lip Geary st. ■ r '-; ■. , ;
pASTRY- COOK , AND BAKER, HOTEL. 945:
hlkp'r a baker ;Or a ; 8110p '" clty « ' * 40 : l assistant
baker, 940; neat young German waiter for springs,
926. »C. R. HANSEN & CO., Geary st. *;.
PONCENTRATOR .MAN AND MACHINIST
V who can do his own repairing, 93 a day: :, amal-
gamator i and batteryman aud general mill man,
aoay fora mine, see party here: ' must have
good : references. : C. iR. i HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st. ■ ' , ':-i
; -VV ,. NT I' 3 2 ~ MAN- about place, near
," v city. v-t>: Jaranese cook, country, $5 a week:
Japanese cook, city. $20; waiter, plain hotel," 120- I
young man to help in dining - room. etc. Sl5 I
LEON ANDKB, 315 Stockton st. ' ' * \
HELP WANTED- Continued. ; __ A
a!?TE^FABBPAID, "Ib^MEN TO PICK
grapes for large I vineyard company, long job
and fare positively free, office fees only 91 each: ,
80 more men, women and children to .pi _ ; hops,
first-class place and sure pay, . fare 91 90, provis-
ions advanced, office fees 50 cents; 10 men to get
out railroad » ties, * office \ fee $1: 5 farm laborers
nearclty. 926 and board: 2 men for hay press. $1
per day and board; ; 2 men to work on road for log-
ging camp near city, fare 80 cents, 920 per month
and board; foreman for ranch near city, reference
required, $35 and found; waiter, country hotel,
920, for family dining-room, fare advanced; and
60 others. W. P. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
\\T ANTED-EXPERIENfED DRIVER FOR
milk route in city: must be neat, single man
and have good references; wages 935 per month
and found. Apply to W. D. EWER A CO., 626
Clay st. .■,-.-•■■•-■ •-■•-•■--"■■- -"'"•.'•• '".'-.".' -, "' : "i -.•-.■■'
\\r ANTED— FRUIT .FARMER AND WIFE,
VV $45 to 950; farmer and milker and wife, $35
and chance to board : men;, partner in 'butcher-
shop; 3 more coalminers, see - boss here; laborers
for city, $175 day ;* cooks, waiters and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
ANTED— SCANDINAVIAN COACHMAN",
with references; ' $30. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
OOK, 930 AND -.; ROOM, SMALL PLACE,
call early; -cook, boarding-house, 9°i6 and
room. MARTIN'S, 749 Market st. ..--..- , ■
ESTAURANT COOK: ALL-AROUND
work; 935 and room. MARTIN.749 Market st.
AMERICAN ■ MAN AND WIFE FOR PKI-
-vate place, $5 0; coal miners for Alaska. 91 a
ton: kitchen-band, institution, 920: cook, $20-
-man to contract to dry figs. R. T. WARD <fc CO.!
608 and 610 Clay st.
IV ANTED — SALESMAN WHO HAS HAD '
» » experience In tea, coffee or crockery line; give
reference and salary expected; none others need
apply. Address A. F., box 96, Call Office.
WANTED— SINGLE MAN AS DRIVER
'» and collector; good wages; steady job; must
give security for small amount, either bonds or
cash. M. C, box 91. Call Office.
WANTED— YOUNG man LIVING with
" parents to learn dentistry and act as assistant
Apply at 1631 Devisadero st., between 9 and 12.
TAILORS ' ANTE D— FIRST CLASs"or> I. V •
X steady work; good wages; at once. 246 Clem-
entina st.
CIOAT-PREBSF.R WANTED. 604 JESSIE ST
' corner Seventh.'
OY HAVING WORKED IN PICTURE-
frame factory. 523 Market st
CIOAT-MAKER FOR COUNTRY. APPLY 24
\J Sutter st.
OOD BARBER FOR THURSDAY AND SAT-
r urday: 95. 43% Thira st.
ELDERLY MAN TO GENERALLY use-
XiJ ful. 230 a Lang ton st. ,
BOYS TO SELL A STAPLE ARTICLE: GOOD
proposition offered. T., box 90, Call Office.
C CARPENTER AND CABIXKT-MAKER AT
yj 525 Valencia st. early this morning.
(.■lR^r-CLASS -FINISHER OS CUSTOM
JO coats. 626 Minna st.
AiMED - STEADY MAN FOR PERMA-
" nent . position in . nice genteel business; no I
previous experience required; salary $75 per
month; increase assured;, must have 9150 cash:
no night work. 917 Market st, room 2.
TWU-CHAIK BARBER SHOP FOR SALE-
X good location. 415 Hayes st.
TtADY RELIABLE MAN; PARTNER:
paying butcher-shop: to deliver orders and col-
lect; 975. 632 Market st,, room 8.
ARBKRS' PKOTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC
X> p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 326 Grant aye.
"I OUKNKYMEN BARBERS' LOCAL UNION,
v No. 27. J. 8.U.A.. Emplmt Bureau. 102 Seventh
• 1 EUREKA BARBER-CHAIR FOR SALE. 13
X Taylor st.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE CHEAP; GOOD
location for Italian. Apply Call Office. :
T> ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE: OWNER WILL
XJ vacate next Monday. 871 Market st. :
TO GET A FIRST-RATE 16c MEAL FOR
only 10c. go to the Seattle; 137 Fourth st.
TTtNERGETIC MAN CAN EASILY MAKESIOO
XJ a month; $50 required. Apply. 6 Eddy st. r. 31,
ANTED — SEAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA
and other ports. ■ Apply 10 Steuart, upstairs.
■VTEW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION. BET.
X> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
week $1 to $2 50 ;reading- room ;strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
. shoes at 30c on the $1; this week only. 959
Howard st. : . : \ .'
ANTE ..— 500 MEN TO BUY U. 8. ARMY
" toots and shoes. E. KENDALL, 635 Mission.
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. , navy, : able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 ■ inches in height; of good
character and-- temperate ; habits; :- able 'to ■ read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this : important : branch .of v the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers; For further Information apply at the
Recrui ing Office. 20 Ellis st. San Francisco, CaL
B EM PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., near Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed too, our mute, 92 60
and $3: ladies', gents' and children's miafit and
cast off shoes bought or exchanged. .
T. ARGKST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
— on hand: shoes to order, 93 50; > hand-sewea
shoes, *6. 726V2 Howard st. bet Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
'" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. I
\y ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
TV some simple thing to . patent? . Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A f*O., Dept. L. Patent Attor- !
neys, Washington, D. C, tor their 91&00 prize oiler !
and Us: of 200 inventions wanted.
MEN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c.: LADIES, 40c;
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will A Fluck's.S.F-
'YV ANTED— FOR CLEAN BEDS: 250
¥' night: $1 week. Rosedale, 321 Ellis st
TRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET ST., BE-
low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night; $1 »a week.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
I ' als.; single lurnished rms 75c week. 16c night
. S.— REJaOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 5c
"1 I \f\ MEJN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC 15c
±\i\J and 20c a night including coffee ana rolls,
624 Washington st, near Kearny. . :"■ : ;•
EST IN CITY- -SING > E ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night, $i. $1 25, SI 50 per wee-
Pacific House, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts. '
\\r ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 • Third st; 160
large rooms: 250 per nigh-: $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 150 A DAY: 91
v-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, 91 60 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 216 Clay st *
OOMS 150 TO 75c PER NIGHT; 60c TO $1 60
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
A I EN TO FEED .vIi.NHAXTAA aXOCK FOOD;
iX all grocers keen it. . . .
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
- ent&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
\\r ANTED - MEN TO LhARN BARBER
■ trade; only 8 weeks reoulred: tools given and
catalogue sent. : 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard. .
E ARK SHOE DOCTOR* ; WE . REPAIR
. your old shoes and make them like new done
while you wait: ladies' solelng, nailed 35c: men's
soleing, nailed 60c. ; | machine-sewed "75c. ; I hand-
sewed 65c. : fine shoes made to order : from 92 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been flam aged by water, at
less than one-fourth their value, flora 25c. up to
■*2 60. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second. --^
AGENTS WANTED. ~~~~
WANT TO ENGAGE ENERGETIC MEN
and women to represent ■; the : "Ladies' Home
Journal." , Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., H. F.
GENTS ! BR AN, V WALL AND - FREE
silver; ,>■ McKlnley, obart and protection;
every voter will buy one or the other; do you want
the. profit? T. PERSON." Manager Subscription
Department The Whitaker & Ray C 0. ,723 Market.
; ;' ■; ; , '; , J'r HOUSES WANTED. ■ T
SUNNY 5 OR (TROO>f FLAtT)R^HOUSKVNOT
too far out: not over $30: bath; state location.
Address L., box 48, Call Office. , -gaagSea
\\T ANTED •; TO ; LE ASK— HOUSE ■-. OR COT-
»' tage and vacant lot adjolnin?: ' north of Mar-
ket st. Address K. D., box 108, this office. :
SUNNY. UPPER FLAT WANTED BETWEEN
■ Market and Broadway: man and wife; rent
nottoexcepd $20. M. 8 . box 94, this office.
WAMTm^
B^ Y^YTJu^sITsTNTrLE^^IA^^ I
Scandinavian faml y. E., box : - 67, Call Office. \
;:, WAXTED-MISCELtANEOUS.
OLD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT: JEWEL-
\J ry. watches repaired. • MUND, 1133^ Mission.
ELL YOLK BOOKS.- i; I I'll IN v» AAuJKVi ■■ I
elrv VA. K1.K!V.:1()9 Sixt i »:. ■ • semi poscsil. ;
PROFESSIONAL CARDS. J; :■
FRANK SHA^YTA^rfoirN^YTATI>LTw?^O^>M
J} 421. fourth floor. Parrott building (Emporium).
■ TOHN E. IiICHARDS, LAW OFFICES. ROOMS
tJ 26 and : , 27, Crocker building; : telephone Main '
75, San Francisco. Cal. ;,".' ; v :: . :: -
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L. ASHER. |
attysat law, rail 515.516. 5 h tloor, Parrot i bids. !
"'. .'■; .'■ :: STORAGE. ■•;
STOR AG E— CHE A PEST IN THE CITY ; FIR&
proof building: advances made. : 211 Larkln.
QTORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRB-
O proof building; advances made. X 211 Larkln. '
IPUKNITURE. >•: PIANOS, : : TRUNKS; «-t\'AD-;
'vances. shipping. CHAS. L. YL0K.204 Post
AB. SMITH ? FURNITURE \ CO.. \ 132 ELLIS;
. low rates :. fire-proof building: Haatern plan. .
PHOTOGRAPHERS '% SUPPLIES. li ',;
TVTeW HOUhJEJXTST OPENED. 124% GEARY;
-i-i full line latest and best: cameras repaired;
nee dark room; send for catalog. ■■ Cal; Camera Co.
• ■_.■_■■_, ': ■ ' business chances. .
BARROOM :ON MARKET, i NEAR third:
$600; sacrificed on Recount 111-health of owner;
rarest chance; fall Investigation given. . WILKE,
631 California st : : ■ . '-,-•• -:--
fllj 1 O^fV PARTNER WANTED IN OLD ES-
I <IP X— O\j;- tabllshed • bar-orom; choicest down-
town ■ corner: owner sickly: can't depend all on
hired help. WILKE, 531 California st . '
©"I ")(\(\ SPORTING RESORT, ..WITH 8
i®X£\J\J. elegantly furnished rooms; rent 965:
long lease: very best location. ■* WILKE A WOLF,
531 California st ; . \
ffli^nn CORNER CROCERY AND BAR;
i\ptJ\J\J. living-rooms; rent $30; • doing good
business: choice location. WILKIE <fc WOLF, 631
California st.: , ;
(BMV^n ; WINE-CELLAR IN CHOICEST
*IPX **O\J. downtown', location, with large retail
bar trade: low rent; large stock of fine whiskies
and wines; first-class investment WILKE : &
WOLF, 531 California st.
I^AnH TRANSFER AND EXPRESS; AN
iJ[)ao\J\J. old-established firm: valuable horses
and teams; No. 1 storage accommodation; business
in first-class running order and will speak for
itself. Apply STENBERi; & CO., 632 Market st.
<ttl^n(> RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
tipxuuv. house; best location: nicely fitted
up; 5 private rooms; genuine bargain to cash
buyer: see for yourself. STENBERG & CO., 632
Market st
•ffiMOOn WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
10-V ' "Qtior-store; stock and fixtures worth
92760: splendid business location: seHs only on
account of disagreement in partnership. STEN-
BERG A CO., 632 Market st.
%9^(\ SALOON; WHOLESALE DISTRICT:
«iP_t7V/. cheap rent; barber-shop included: gen-
nlne bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st
HOTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS:
new 6-story and basement brick building, con-
taining 98 rooms; also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, half block N
of Market st and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building; newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 320
Sansome St.. room 39 •
rOK SALE— OF THE OLDEST ESTAB-
-«- lished liquor-saloons in the city, together with
a good stock of liquors and glassware; bar fixtures
in fine order: has a fine day and night trade; situ-
ated In the very heart of the city, and day and
night travel: two floors nicely furnished rooms at-
tached; sickness the only reason for selling. Ad-
dress for particulars M. M., box 100, Call Office.
WANTED- A PARTY WITH 94000 CASH TO
• ' purchase stock In a business well established
in this city; - 8 per cent per annum guaranteed;
dividends without doubt will be much more than
that: business practically out of debt For personal
Interview address H. 8.. box 84, Call Office. ■
OLD ESTABLISHED, FINELY LOCATED I
cigar-stand; doing profitable business; steady
retail ana lobbing trade: for sale to cash pur-
chaser at a great bargain, as - owner must sell
before September, having other business. Call
1019 Market st ; no agents.
AETY HAVING SMALL AMOUNT OF I
money, competent to fill cashier's position, can
invest same wjth responsible bookmaker on race j
tracKs here during coming meetings. Address,
stating full : particulars, giving references, Post-
office Box 2446. ■..,..--- . . .
<n» "I f\(\(\ PARTNKR IN FINE EBTAB-
«IpX-VUU. llsbed business; object in taking part-
ner is to enlarge t..e business: this Is a fine chance
for an energetic man: fullest ; investigation.
LUBEi^SKI & CH ASE, 7 City Hall aye.
THE LICK KITCHEN, LUNCH AND COFFEIS
X house; building included; doing good busi-
ness: use of large yara, with chickens and all im
provements; for Kl2OO. Inquire at place, 146
Tenth st, near Howard;
-m» "I l\(\ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY-STORE;
<IPXUU. rooms; rent $12. SKIFF. 921 Market
Q>A(\ FkUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE;
<JP"-tU. rent $12; snap. SKIFF, 921 Market st
©Or; A GROCERY AND BAR ON CITY
<IP* *J\J. front: kept by the present owner over
20 years; good reason for selling; good stock of
goods. COMMINS <fe CO., 5 Pine St., S. F.
P^INE FITTED UP RESTAURANT; BE-
X I tween carbouses; rent only $17: . cost owner
9400; will sell at your own price; must sell this
week; don't miss this chance. 3279 Mission st.
CjOAfi GRAND CHANCE; PARTNER
<tJi)O\J\J, wanted to tend cash counter in neat
restaurant: 950 month and board guaranteed; no
objection to lady; no experience required. 235 3d.
ICYCLE STORE AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established; good location; full line oj
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vulcanizer: opening
for a machinist 1113 Market st.
ANTED —BY MANUFACTURING CON-
<ern showing large profits partner to extend
present business: principals only, no agents. Ad-
dress M. M., box 112, Call Office.
(DjOXA OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER SA-
tS)OO\J. loon; fitted up in first-class style; best
location: fine living-rooms; low rent; a great bar-
gain. Apply ' all Office. .
GOOD LOCATION FOR A MAN WHO
understands the trade of San Francisco: bar
trade good: low rent; long lease. Call at room 40,
Chronicle building. ; - " ' •
I*/" ANTED— PARTNER WITH $300 TO EN-
•»" gage in photographic business; no objection
to lady if good business woman. Address P. B. (
box 97, Call Office.
TjiOß SALE CHEAP— A GOOD LITTLE BUS/-
X? ness in a market drawing good trade; n-> Sun-
day or night work; must sell this week. 110 Ellis.
(ITjor AVERAGE WEEKLY NET JIJNCOME
tip OU $250 invested: safe. conservative ; prospec-
tus, proois, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway, N. Y.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. (.OWAN BUYS
xv stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 15, 26 Montgomery.
Fine carriage HORSES AND HARNESS;
X Al condition: cheap for cash, or will exchange i
for clear lot In Richmond. D.; box 1, Call Office.
OUGH-ST. BAZAAR, COR. LILY AYE.;
VJ stationery, notions, bakery, cigars and postal
agency; 6 furnished rooms: will be sold cheap.
ffl?9&.n . RESTAURANT WORTH $500;
tip -<JU. must sell at once on account of sick-
ness.- Inquire at candy store, 1661 Mission st. ■
ILK , ROUTE in OAKLAND; 8 cows: 3
horses: wagon; must sell immediately. Per-
alta aye., near Old County Road, Frukvale.
I^LACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS, BUILDING,
J > etc., very cheap for cash; in thriving country
town. Address S. F., Box 63, Call office. - .
O-HOKSE EXPRESS; GOOD STAND; GOOD
— business; Al opportunity. NE. cor. Bush and
Polk sts., oi^inquire 1434 Jackson. ,
RANCH BAKERY, notions AND small
coffee saloon: $125. ' 1208 San Pablo, near
Twenty -sixth, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROUTE ON EVENING 'BUL-
letin for sale; clears $95; $2000. Apply 962
Broadway, Oakland.
TIT ANTED— RETAIL MERCHANDISE BUSI-
»T ness that Is in paying condition. Address.
M, Box 6. Call. •.-.--■-.- ---
KOUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
i close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. '
OR BRANCH BAKERY AND NO-
tions: rent $15; 3 rooms; make offer. Apply
this office. . . ; . :
©1 f\f\ BUYS A LAUNDRY DOING GOOD
«JpXUU. business. Apply 2102 Howard st. up-
stairs. -v,';'- ■■ ■. •■•-'-. ■ '- ■; -■'."•; ; v ■"■■ -;•: ■?;'.■--.. '■:■■.:
OR SALE-CORNER SALOON; AN OLD
established business. ; Apply at Chicago Brew-
ery. ' ■■' •-.--,. ;' ' : .- '- ■■■-.■
MAN WITH $1000 FOR CUTRATE DEPART-
i'J- ment store ; country. A. A., box 57 Call Office.
p ENTi EMAX PA KTNER WANTED; 935 I
VT capital: good business. R. 8, 121 Montgomery.
p ROCERY AND BAR AND LIVING-ROOMS:
Vjr good location; doing good business. This office.
KBTAURANT. TO LET; FIXTURES FOR
sale ; half a block from Sutter. Apply 1212 Polk.
TVTEW OYSTER-PARLORS AND CHOP-HOUSE i
li cheap. Call at 418 Post at., after 12 to 3P. m. I
AN WORTH 9300; SECURE LIFE POSl-
tion; 9100 per month. M. D., box 14, Call. >
© 1 C±(\(\ GROCERY AND BAR. ; APPLY
«Jp IDUU. HILBERT BROS., 103 Powell st-
AIRY AND PRODUCE BUSINESS, 4 LlV-
ing-rooms, for sale cheap. : 1008 Hyde st ;
mo SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND QUICK
X for cash see STRAND <fe CO., 45 Third st. -■>■.:::.-; c,
ALOON; LONG LEASE: LOW RENT. AP-
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
■\r E WLY FITTED UP LIQUOR-STORE FOR
XN : sale. 732 Devisadero st; cor. Fulton. , : .. .••
?fAM A BARGAIN— GROCKRY STORE.
»HH'- Call Vermont and 23rd. '
DENTISTS.
r?R^6linrTDE^rr^L^s^o^^rTol?r7^9l4A!Rr
\J ket. bet 3d and 4th; gas specialists: only reliable
agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth from ■
$5; 'fillings from 91; extracting 50 c, with gas 91. I
1 kit. . LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates ana made: old '■• plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 50c; gas given.,,
R.\GKOiiUh; W. LEEK,' THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VULL SET OF TEETH, 97; WARRANTED
X five ', years: •' extraction, i 50c. : y- fillings, 60c.:
crowns, 93 60. ; Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
T.URST-CLASS DENTISTRY; ■ FIRST-CLASS
X? prices; first-class results: - painless extraction;
Tel. Main 6375. W.C. HARDING.M.D., 500 Sutter
I"\R. L. T. i KANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS*
1J crown work, ' bridge > work and . teeth wlthoas
plates a specialty-' 1- 103 Geary at; cor. Grant ays. r :
fl>7 A sET for tketh:' WARRANTED AS
tip I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS. .
dentist. 930 Market at. next Baldwin Theater.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. '60c;. CROWN
X, bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: lSveari
experience. R. L. W ALaH. D.D.S.; 81834 Geary.
Dii. 1.-UCKET T, 1703 tOa'f ST., t NEAR BO l
ccnnan: pas given: crown and bridge wort-
,A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
A ranted. DR.' J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st '
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A I*l_T_ DX. H.
O (i. YOUNG, 1841 Pol k St. ';;:"■ - ' ■ ' '••-••' m
I IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. SOB —AiT
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J.J.LEEK, MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; SunUayj tilt noon.
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J -WEEKLY, CALL, sent to any, address ' in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free. ". ■ -• ' ■■".-.•. '.- , '■.-. •---.> -,- - ' ; ''. : ' i -'.
_ LODGING-HOrSES FOB' SALE. '
CA-ROOM HOUSE: CLEARING 9100.. ..91000
O\J 24 rooms; new and g00.i.. 500
6 rooms ant' bain: flat: worth 9500... 225
SO-room house: $500 cash, baL payments... ■ 1800
22 rooms: corner house; .new 1700
14 rooms; boarding house; 40 boarders..... 125")
90 rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150 3700
18-room house on Sixth at..:. ...;.. ...... 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices
Apply to H. C. DECKER & CO., 1020 Market
st, opposite Frth. .
J IOR SALE— UPPER FLAT. ON BUSH, NEAR
X , Fillmore: 7 rooms hath; neatly furnished ; sacri-
fice: account departure: 6 sleeping nous- perma-
nent roomers. Addressorcail i.. B- 2111% Bush.
vftlOHO LODGING-HOUSE, 23 ivOOMS:
I>PX\J\J\J. first-class condition: clears 975
monthly ; rare bargain. STENBERG; 632 Market
704. HOWARD, COR. THIRD-FINE COR-
•vi ncr house ; nicely furnished; 91000; Jit
rooms. . . .
©"I OK 9 EXCELLENTLY FURNISHED
*!pXOO. rooms; bath; paying well; attractive
house: best location; owner leaving city. 278
Minna st. '.-..."■
"VTICELY FURNISHED HOUSE; 20 ROOMS:
i-> all full; will sell cheap. 303 Fourth st
FLAT OF 7 ROOMS; MUST BE BOLD AT
any price. 133 Seventh st.
T ODGING-HOUSE OF 11 ROOMS FOR SALE
-—cheap. 233 Third st. -.. - :.v
ffl; 1 X/\ 7 FURNISHED ROi MS; ALL RENT-
<IpXoU. cd. 403 Stevenson st., cor. Fifth.
QA HOUSES; 9300 TO 9800 a PHELPS &
OU CO., 917 Larkln st
O^-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE. CHEAP. FOR
—^r Immediate sale. E. box 48. Call Office.
furniture for SALE.
I*~pnursALiii : ~*
X Prices stand till goods a— completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets „,,„ .,„ „... $1850
Bed lounges 8 00
Steves •• 760
Carpets, per yard •■ 65
Linoleum, per yard..,,,,, - 65
Matting, per yard 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SB. corner bev«nth and Mission su. J.
NOON AN . .- ■
■FURNITURE OF 6-R DOMED HOUSE; PARTY
J leaving city. Call at opae, 615 Geary st '
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; canh or time, open evenings.
A (\(\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, 914;
ttvv stoves, $5; parlor sets, 920: foldlnp-beds.
910; bed-lounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
FURNITURE WANTED.
P/fFICE FURNITURE— WILL PAY HIGHEST
\J price* for second-hand office desks or take
them in part payment for new. GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st •
T> UCKINOHAM FURNITURE . CO. PAYS
X> highest price - for furniture, carpets, etc. ; send
postal. 866 Mission st --
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln.
IGHESTCASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNl-
ture. J. CURTIS, 1239 Market; send postaL
mo SELL FURNITURE TO ADVANTAGE TRY
X M. SILVERSTiiIN,969 Howard st ;send postal
C. MUTHER, 632 MARKET. PAYS HIGH
. est cash prices for furniture and merchandise*
TNDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
Xj. SIMMONS' Anc. Co.. 1057 Market, pays cash.
~~~ CARPET CLEANING. ~~~"
M^TPr^FFICB~2B~AND~27
«l Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 1061. -
pARPET CLEANING, 3a: LAYING, 3c. ; RUO
\J samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 198thst
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor wore send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-5* Tehama st ; tel. So. 40.
ON KLIN'S CARPET EEATING WORKS. 9Ji
Golden Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
pITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATBO
\J like sew. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: t<_
6outh 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
lE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 2411
f» . 14th sr. : rlf-anlne 3c n vnrri Tel ' Mlmlon 7t.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. .
p UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR " CASH.
VX SCHM ITZ, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
ftlOj: FINE UPRIGHT PIANO; ROSE-
VX>X±iO. wood case: in perfect order. 115
Seventh st . :
INE STEINWAY, HARD MAN, CHASE
Bros, and others; - carefully - used: i. bottom
prices; easy terms. The J. WING COMPANY,
second floor Flood building. Fourth and Market
<m.7;r BARGAIN; STEINWAY PIANO, EX-
«U> I excellent order;ea-.y terms. 221 Leavenworth
pLKARANCE SALE— HAINES, KNABE AND
V Bush and Gen's pianos; clearing-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Pos; st
N ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p ano business, my old i quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small; I have therefore morwl
Into my own building, at 526 Hayes st, between
Octavia and Laguna, where I can now display
over four times the amount - of instruments than
formerly ; as I buy tor cash and In carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In San Francisco.
Respectfully yours, J. HARRY SCOTT.
A NOTHER SPECIAL INDUCEMENT FOR
A purchasing from Sherman, Clay A Co. ; ele-
gant new upright, pianos, together with fine stool
and handsome cover, sold for $6 per month; only
96 cash payment required; every Instrument
guaranteed. SHERMAN. CLAY «ft CO., cor.
Kearny and Sutter sts., Pacific Coast representa-
tives of Steinway & Sons' pianos.
L> ARGAIN— DECKER A SON UPRIGHT, $250.
-D MAUVAIB, 769 Market st.
© 1 r(\ BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
vp LO\J . ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
A CTUALLY THE BEST BARGAINS IN
-A pianos, both new and second-hand at THE
F. W. SPENCER CO.'S warerooms, 9 33Market at
G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR HALLET
.<fc Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406 Sac'to
pHICKERINO, KNABE. BTECK.VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for 9187; piano*
:or rent BENJ. CURTAZ A SON. 16 CFarrelL
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST BT.-BOHMKB,
Newby & Evans. Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS. ZITHERS, OLD&NBW
H. MU LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham olace.
-•CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for 91 SO, post-
«*efree^^^^^^^^^^^^
HORSES.
rp wo "go^s^^[orses~~and~wagon^ for
X sale cheap. 664 Howard st . "
0" ~NE SPAN OF MULES. HARNESS AND
wagon for sale cheap. 564 Howard st.
I ■ ARGAIN— DARK BAY HORSE, 16% HANDS
•■' high: stylish; new harness and carryall nearly
new. E. BROWN, at Otis A Co.'s, 318 Montgmry.
1 F YOU WANT TO SAVE MONEY IN SHOE-
X Ing horses and general repairing call at the
New York Shoeing Shop, 507 Jessie at., near
Sixth. McBRIDE & CO.
1 ARGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
Xj broken; cheap; the Hyde ranch. 630 Com-
mercial st " :
rrv HEAD DRIVING AND WORK HORSES;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 862 Howard at
T EIBOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 600 SET 9
XJ of good harness, our own make, of every de»
scription, for less money than you can bay Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAlllMt • st. aF.
"I C/"V SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HAR.
XOKJ ness, all kinds: wagons, baggies, surreys,
rock away carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission st
enn SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAS-
i OXjyj ness: all kinds: buggy.wagon, cart surrey
<&rockawav: 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
Af\ HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS.
"v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Six.h st ; auction sales every Wedrat<
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
HORSE, CART AND HARNESS: $15. AT
.McCLOSKEY'S, Howard st, between Fourth
and Fifth. • . ■ • ■
XIRESS, BAKERY WAGON. " BUTCHER
cart, fru t wagon, nearly new. 1620 Mission.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LA UN-
XN dry. milk and grocery wagons; also rookaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st
TfiOß SALE. AT EASTERN PRICES. FINK
X carriages of every desc lptlon ; cash, notes or
Installments. Cnrvili MfeCtt. -46-48 St.. S. t.
" " . LOST.
©OARBWAB^GOLD WATcF AND DIA*.
Jfe_U mond locket, between 110 Geary st., along
Grant aye., and Examiner office. Return to Palaua
Hotel office. • '■ ■
T ADY'S SILVER WATCH AND GOLD
JLj medal; 3d, nr. Harrison; reward. 34i£ Perry.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
savlces and Loan society of Salt Francisco la
the name bf HOLD A CARLSSON (No. 199 1190)
The finder will pleuse return to bnnk. v *, . .
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of Sun Francisco In
the name of PHILIP MARKS (No. 178,892). The
finder will please return to oanlt. . '-.■■■ ■
1 OST — UNMOUNTED PHOTOGRAPH OF
Holy Family. Return to R. K. HILL, 221 A
Geary st, room 39. :
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of EDITH LESSER. No. 209-1461. The-
finder will please return to bank.
_ __________ .
Found.
/"TamFto premisesTlbl^k^^wfound'
\J land dog. Owner can have same by proving
property and paying expenses. 1200 Stockton st.
Tj^OUND— WHITE BULi.-TERRIER. OWNER
X I call 211 Carl st. • :. , • ..• -■ : • ,
"J__iL^, '■' ' ' ""-"• 'TO LEASE.
TT-OR Ri-.ST O^K LKASK^^-vXRA^LOT^iiEr
. X cor. .: Polk ; and Jackson sts.; tent - 950 per
month. Address J. £ 457 Sassome st., 8. F.- ■- ■ ■■■ i
HOUSES TO LET.
pLVnI~ID~HOU.SE OF 12 ROOMS, OR 2
0 flats of 6 rooms: rent reduced. 325 Tehama.
iSTH MONTHLY— MAKE YOUR RENT BUY
tff) I 0 a neat new 6-room and bath cotta c on
Inamondst-; price. $1600; only $100 cash first
payment: lar>;e lot; street graded, sewered and
macadamized: lot fenced. Apply evenings only
ofter 7:30 o'clock at 3207, Twenty-second St., cor.
Mission. -
4' KOOMs. $10; 3 ROOMS AND STABLE, $10:
S rooms. $7. Apply 26 Chesley, sir. a 1 street
bet. Seventh and Kigbtb, Harr son and Bryant.
TkETACHED MODE UN SUNNY HuME; 9
XJ rooms: bath; must be seen to be appreciated;
rent low to responsible parties. 1911 Laguna st.,
near California.
1 CO, I TAYLOR— HOUSE 10 ROOMS. BATH;
±O_U fine view: rent $40. Apply 929 Broadway.
ai.9- NINE ROOMS AND BATH: NEWLY
<Ir_c). papereland painted throughout; water
free. 181 Thirteenth St.. near Howard.
UR PRINTED LI-.T MAKES HoUS£-
hunting a pleasure: call or send for one.
SHAINWALD, BUCKJBEK A CO., 218 and 220
Montgomery st. ' . '_
HEAP ELEGANT RESIDENCE; SW. COB.
California and Laguna sts. Go see It.
Uplendid house oe 12 rooms, or 2
0 flats of 6 rooms: rent reduced. 325 Tehama.
OUSEB TO RENT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN & HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st. " -
PLENDID 12-ROOM HOUsE, 8392 TWENTY -
first street, cor. Guerrero, suitable for board-
ing or private residence: very Inw rent w ep It-
FURNISHED HOUSES.
HOUSB OF 9 ROOMS FOR BENT; 7 OF THE
rooms well furnished; furniture for sale; rent
cheap. Inquire 732 Howard st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
oTrEXT- COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS; RENT
$20. 617 Minna st.
V 9 LILY AYE.— COTTAGE OF 3 BOOMS,
— — basement; yard; rent $10.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICE HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutler,' Franklin and other streets; set
list; good tenants wanted. SPECK <fc CO., 602
Market st.
FLATS TO LET.
T^TciJ S^SfNV""FL J ATsT"4 J>^B~T~ROOiIS:
X\ bath: reasonable. 8 Dearborn su, off seven-
teenth, above Valencia. . ,
C; li\ NICE FLATr- NEAR THE BALDWIN.
<gIU. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
999|; GEARY — Fl-AT; 6 GOOD UOOMS;
— m.~yj bain; sunny side; reduced to $20.
fljjQ f.n * LOWER FLAT; 5 SUNNY RO 'Ms.
<TO«*JU. 375 Sanchez St.. near seventeenth.
FLAT; 3 LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
gas: bath. 810 O'Farrell bu .
QIQ FLAT OF 4 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS
QJ.O. with cellar. 728^ McAllister st.
rp WO ALMOST NEW FLATS: HYDE AM
X Sacramento; cheap rent. MADISON >& BURKE.
ATEW MODERN SUNNY FLAT; 25TH AND
i-> Folsom. J. A. ULRICH. 41 Crocker building.
CiOZ EDDY— VERY CENTRALLY LOCATE!
VfOO flat: all modern conveniences; rent cheap.
OR RENT— LOWER FLAT, THREE BOOMS:
rent $10. 521 Minna st.
SUNNY FLAT— 7 ROOM-, BATH. 124 FUL
ton St., near Van Ness aye.
REED STRKET-4 ROOMS; BATH: $18; fin«
view; key 1325 Washington. MR. JONES.
FLAT 4OR 5 ROOMS, BATH; CHEAP. 1511
Taylor St., bet. Pad and Broadway.
LEGANT FLAT— II3B FULTON ST., OPPO.
XZI site Alamo square.
"1 CiQG PAGE-NORTHEAST corner; SUN-
_LU«JU ny 3- room modern flat.
f*-\ Q HAIGHT— ELEGANT SUNNY 6-BOOM
UXO fiat-; location desirable; rent reasonable
basement and yard.
VTEW CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND BATH:
J.l rent reasonable. 662 Church su
LAT 6 BOOMS, GAS, BATH; $16. 13'.'3Vi
Sacramento ft* ■
rpWO SUNNY MODERN FLATS; 6 ROOMS
X and bath each. 28 Grove su and 923 Golden
Gate aye. , ; .
XT OUR PRINTED LIST OF PLACEB TC
let; will save you lots of time. SHAIN
WALD, BLCKBEE& CO.. 218-220 Montgomery,
1 7 OK POST — 3 AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
1 I UP flats; garden; bath: $18 and $16.
KILE UPPER FLAT: 6 "ROOMS; NEWLY
Xi renovated: rent reasonable. 327 Haighr st.
ANTED— 2OO GOOD~TENANTS; RBNTS,
from $10 up for flats, cottages. SPECK «$
CO., 602 Market St.
3 SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS EACH:
$11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
/CHOICE SUNNY- FLATS: 6 AND 7 ROOMS
; bath: Park view. 1314-1316 Fell, nr. Baker.
FLATS TO KENT FOR VERY UTTLJ£
money at BALDWIN A HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st.
■J.-'XAT; 5 KOOMS: BATH: GOOD MARINE
X view. 2106 Leavenworth .st., bet. Filbert and
Ureenwlch. \ "
"L^LEGANT NKW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BK-
Xll low Brvan'. 5 »nd 6 riwm<. hath: $» 10 Sl6.
' ' ■ HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
: '.road
•Vf ICELY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPINC
Xi rooms: also single. 403 Broadway st.
Bush Streec.
9QI OI NEWLY FURNISHED BAY-
-ulOj window rooms; also light housekeeping
rooms: nochltaren.
' A.tiuy Street. ' . .
91 Q EDDY— 2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
£XO housekeeping, $9; single, $4 np: private.
QIC EDDY— 3 UNFURNISHED OR FUR
OXO nlshed rooms: fine location; private fam
Ily; gas range; reference . ■
Q-I 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location; privau
family,
_ lillmore Streec.
fl>l A . S UNFURNISHED BOOMS: ALSO i
<J)XU. furnished, $8. 220aVa Flllmore, nr. Cay
fifteenth Street.
fPVO SUNNY UNFURNISHED ROOMS FOB
X housekeeping, 2134 Fifteenth, near Noe, neai
Castro-street cars.
lolsom Street.
rOC FOLSOM — 2 "SUNNY ROOMS; FUR.
i OO nished for housekeeping: $».
Franklin Street.
1 PiH^ l FRANKLIN - a NICELY FUB
XO\JO% nisted parlors, light housekeeping
$12: private.
mo ward Streo s.
COr HOWARD —LARGE FRONT ROOM
0~0 urn. shed complete for housekeeping'
reasonable. , . .
"1 1 AS) HOWABD— 2 FRONT SUNNY FUR
X X'xA nished bay-window housekeeping rooms:
range; rent $12 50. •
Jackson Street.
QOA JACKSON — FURNISHED SUNNY
•7Z.\J front housekeeping rooms, $7 to $9; single
$4. . - - - ■■•■ . - ... *
Jessie Street.
Ocr JEBSIE — 2 HOUSEKEEPING BOOM!
OOP to let. .
Q£f: JESSIE, NEAR FIFTH— THBEii ' FUR
DUO nished housekeeping rooms; aleo othei
rooms.
Kearny Streec.
5 OB LESS ROOMS KEARNY, NEAR BUT
ter; gas and water free. Ap. ly 15 Grant aye.
. j - Market btree:.
1 AQO MARKET— NICELY FURNISH El
X\JO£ housekeeping rooms, $2; also single, $]
week up.
31mua >treo..
C A Q MINNA— TWO NICELY FURNISHED
O'xO sunny housekeeping rooms.
■ j. i«-i> on "ireei. ;■
©C LARGE SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
t_)O. rooms furnished or unfurnished; singl<
rooms cheap. 821 Mission st.
QOQ MISSION— FRONT SUNNY HOUSE
QZiO keeping rooms; $10 each per month.'
C.l X LADY HAVING NICE HOME WOULD
M D. rent 3 rooms fornlshed for housekeeping:
l" block from 2 Hues of cars: nice garden. Ad-
dress J. MATRON. 2518 Mission st. .
'Ntttoma Street.
nfW NATOMA, COKNKR EIGHTH— THREE
1 1 ' X furnished or unfurnished housekeeping
rooms: cheap. :-' -"' ■■■
Oak Street.
© C UNFURNISHED BAY WINDOW BOOM;
QO. grate and closet; 48 Oak.
'Octavia .Street. .
1 Af\D OCTAVIA, COB. GEARY — FRONT
1 \JO bay window, furnished or partly; kitchen
optional. -%';
Folk Street.
1 OOQ POLK -2 NICELY FURNISH SUN-
X oZO ny front and rooms for light house-
keeping: $13. . ' >
.■ ixtb • S reel. .- -
"I 9' SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY
J. — O housekeeping rooms and others.
■ seventh Street." ,
1 OR SEVENTH : NICE RUNNY TTjR-
XoO limbed front housekeeping rooms; yard;
reasonable. _-■•.- . :_ ; ' .- "- " . ''?-'*>
btevenson Street.
/? -J9 STEVENSON, ■ BET. SEVENTH AND
" '*!■<- Eighth— a furulened housekeeping rooms;
bath; central.'-' ■ . - : 'vS_HHMHi
I HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS —Continued.
-. luylor Street. ...
1 AD TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
IUO ny room, with Kitchen; also single; cheap.
'lurk Street. -
C] ' TURK— 3 BOOMS COMPLETE FOR
tilt) housekeeping: also single room. :. ■ '.-
j COT TURK — 2 -LOVELY UNFURNISHED
! OjCiX housekeeping rooms; closets; gas stove;
running water. - ■ .
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQXQ TWENTY-SIXTH — FUB N I SHE D
0000 housekeeping rooms, $8 to $10; single
rooms, $4 to $5. .. ' :
-' ' Van Ne*R Avenue.
71 n VAIf NESS— 3 SUNNY SUITE, COM-
-1 lv plete for housekeeping: $20.
/ "Welch Street. ;
."I 1 A WELCH. OFF FOURTH— 2 OB NICELY
-1 1 " furnished rooms^honsekeeplng: cheap.
. ROOMS TO LET.
J.U!>ti Street.
QO BUBH — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OO~i snnny front room; beautiful garden: $12.
1 f\Q(\ BUSH— TWO CHEERFUL HOME-
X\JO\J like front rooms; running water; board;
private family. . . .
California Street.
QAQ. CALIFORNIA. COR. POWELL— PLEAS-
OttO ant corner: sunny suits; reasonable to gen-
tlemen; references. ■ '
*-*Ht\t h mi««..
SHERMAN APARTMENT , HOUSE, CT WH
C »t.. near Market:, furnished and unfurnished.
1-uUv Street.
fjn EDDY. YORK HOUSE— SUNNY NEWLY
SO renovated front suite, $16; housekeeping;
cheap. ■;
C OA F.DDY— FURNISHED SINGLE ROOMS;
«_)OW 75c and $1 per week. ' "
| /«9Q l-.DDY— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
! ' >«_»_' rooms; gas and all conveniences; reasona-
, ble. ■-■
... i-iu» St-ee*.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE «.
X HART, manager— A <jniet house: ■ centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot & cola wa>r.
QOI ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR— FOR BEST
ijZil lodging we recommend the itosedale House.
1 r-i n ELLIS— HANDSOME PARLORS; CLOS-
O X U et; water; also 2 pleasant rooms; basement;
cheap. ■ _______
r-o I ELLIS — SUNNY ROOM; PRIVATE
! i— 1 family; use of bath: rent $5.
VTICEI..Y' FURNISHED SUNNY BAY-WIN-
-1 XI dow rooms, with board; reasonable. 835 Ellis.
I I'ifth street.
■ I ©1 WEEK: LARGE, SUNNY. SINGLE FUR-
; I <S)1. room; bath ;private. 314Hlth.
X'oisom Street.
! Q/l MONTH— LETUN NY FURNISHED
: tjptt front room. 735 Folsom st.
' rjA(\ FOL^OM-2 SUNNY UNFURNSIHED
I ill rooms: rent reasonable.
fourth Street.
> OOC FOURTH— FURNISHED FRONT BOOM
_— O suitable for 2 gents; $8 per month. /
. i-«ary Mreet.
'. 001 GEARY, ROOM 37-ROOM AND HOUSE
—.—I renting agency; no fee for registering.
' CAXGEAKY-NICELYFUBNISHED.SUNNY
CUt) rooms.
I ouiboii uo.it) Avenue.
QOH GOLDEN GATE AYE. — SUNNY PAR-
: O£U lor suite; $25 per month; .no children:
references. , ' „____
» Cough street.
; 1 PfiX GOUGH— LARGE FRONT SUNNY
• l'»UO alcove room and large sunny room con-
! necting; furnished or unfurnished; Doard " op-
. j tional; private family: reference,
drove Street.
- IAX GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
' lUt) front rooms; $6 and $7.
. • Howard Stiee..
rr[\ HOWARD, CORNER THIRD—
I Utt iurntshed sunny front room; also house-
> keeping; cheap. . -•
- _ ; —
Hyde Street.
; 7fIQ A HYDE ST., BET. SUTTER AND POST—
. i \JO Furnished suite of sunny front rooms. .
[ Jones Street.
:> I Of\7 .'ONES — THK VAX WINJCLR: SEW
I i —\J i .xnanagement: elegant sunny states and
! tingle: newly furnished: bath. etc; »10 to %'Mt.
qa l JONES — ELEGANTLY NISHED
OU 1 sunny rooms: hot and cold water: . private.
x. earny Street.
no KE ARNY-NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS;
■ —O terms reasonable: quiet house.
QA KEARNY— WELL- FURNISHED FRONT
Ov sunny suite; single rooms; electric-lights.
, A HLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY -
• 1\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every respect: terms reasonable. ,
Larkin Street.
• IHI 1 LARKIN— ROOMS, DOUBLE
X\JXO2 and single; water: kitchen; $5 to $8.
Lewis Street. : '.-. i ".
•1 Q LEWIS. OFF TAYLOK, NEAR BUTTEB—
' IO 4. unfurnished rooms: *14: water free.
'. i. mk«r >.ieo..
-I AOI 1 MARKET— SUNNY BOOMS; . NEW-
- lUiis ly renovated; en suite and single; from
• HI 50 to $7 60 a wee*.
V OSEMITK HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — Piiß
I night. 36c to $1 : week. $1 60 to $6: families.
1 I O. ) MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
! 11-- rooms; double; bath: $2 a week; also
. suites, $5.
Mason Street.
; 7 AND 9 MASON, NR. MARKET-ELEGANT
> i newly iurnished rooms: sunny; central; rea-
sonable. •
' no' MASON, COB. O'FARRELL-NICELY
— — O furnished sunny rooms: en suite or single.
' Minns Street.
" RR7 MINNA, COB. EIGHTH- NEWLY FUR-
DO I nished bay-window rooms; $1 per week.;) |
itiMtaa >ii'««..
Q79 MISSION. COR. FIFTH — ELEGANT
0 i — front suite, well established as doctor's
offices; also other snnny rooms; reasonable.
! , ,. v , U'r>rrell Streo:.
• 7AO O'FARRELL — BEAUTIFULLY IOTR-
- 1 \JjL nished sunny front rms.; terms reasonable.
LARGE FRONT sUXSY ROOMS, $8; 3
small, $5; stable, $3. 1424 Greenwich st.
Post Street.
/»Q1 POST— NICE FURNISHED BOOMS TO
' DO 1 let: single: gas: bath; water; $5 a month.
- Powell Street.
i 0 I 9-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)-EN.
_ I — tirely renovated throughout; newly fur-
. nished rooms: en suite orslngle: terras reasonable.
r Silver Street.
mSILVEB— 4 ROOMS TO LET WATER
free.
fcixtbStree;.-
-" "I 40 SIXTH, COR. HOWARD— FURNISHED
ItO or unfurnished rooms for housekeeping.
• Stevenson Street.
/~10-OPERATIVE HOUSE, 829 STEVENSON—
\J Booms clean and cheap: reading-room. '
Stockton Street.
• 9HO R TOCKTON, COR. GEARY— 2 OB 3 UN-
■*- "w furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap;
references.
! \TEW PVRSBR HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
i-i Front suites: single rooms; housekping;cheap,
I : >->ier 'tree;.' •
• QflK BUTTER— FURN. ROOMS OR SUITES,
1 OVO $1 25 to $10 wk; nigb| 2:c to $1 60; transl.
• Z H^i SUTTER, COR.TAYLOR-KLEGAN*»LY
I \JO newly furnished sonny rms. ; suite or single.
■Jill MUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED
XJ- J. 1 rooms: suites or single: also honsekpg.
; lay! or Street.
C"I (* TAYLOR— NEWLY FURMSHED SUN-
-1 OX\J ny single and double rooms; private family.
Twenty-sixth Street.
QQ(»7 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION-
: OO\J I Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent. ■
' HSB \ un N«-s« Avenue.
909 VAN NESS NEWLY FURNISH-
_O_ ed sunny rooms for housekeeping; also
single. .
Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL—
nlshed rooms: single or en suite; »8 and $16 up.
PROPOSALS^ ~"~
EALED TEN DKBB WILL BE BECEIVED
at the office of the Minister of the Interior tit:
12 ; o'c ock ■ noon of - Monday. . September 21, for
a steam boiler, cast Iron pipe, tire hydrants and
pig lead', for the Honolulu Water Works; Spe. lo-
cations at the office of. the Superintendent of Pub-'
lie Works; also at the > Haw. lian Consulate, .sun
Framl co. The Minister does not bind himself to
ace the lowest or any bid. . ■ .
JAMES A. KING. Minister of the Interior '
Honolulu, August 15, IS- 6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROOMS. :
tt?\Q~V AN N ESS AYE. R A BLE SUNNY
OUO rooms: tirst-cla-s table ooard : reasonable
A 1 O EDDY— 3 ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
at J _ rooms win board: room for '£ gents; $40.
ulhl, BKKTL.INU. Vl4 r>USH— A FAMILY
hotel: reference* slveu aua required: iuo>l- ,
ii ro!ivpnien<-o< ■ .
CHILDREN BOARDED. ..
QTOCKTON LADY WOULD LIKE TWO CHI L-
O dren ■to board; location healthful. Address
47 North Grant at.. Stockton. Cal. ..- ;- /~<-i'-r
STORES TO LET.'
e\(\(\ NINTH— CORNER STORK WITH FiX-
V' 1 " tnres and 3 rooms: rent cheap.
TWENTIETH AND VALENCIA— LARGE
X corner store; formerly occupied by . dry goods
firm: rent cheap. v .
PLUMBER OR PAINTER TO RENT HALF
Xof light basement: 10-foot entrance. ANDER-
SON A FRANKLIN, cnipente'S. *14 Rush st.
OFFICES TO X.ET.
SPRECKELS BUILDING. 927 MARKET-
Elegant Bimnv offices. $12 50 up: electric-light: '
beating and janitor service free. ■ Apply at building
or i.. H. DMB3KN A CO.; 14 Montgomery st. -
BICYCLES. .
BICYCLES AND TANDKJIS^B^LOW^COSTi
to close out stock. W. CRANE, 321 Post st.
T?OWLEU AND BEN HUR, $60: BEN HUB
X 1 tandem. Tribune tandem, good as new, $100:
all above '96. DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st. , _
V OR SALE— NEW 1896 BIC i OLE; $30.
J DAVID N. HAWLEY, 81& Market st.
|<ARGAININ A STEARNS TANDEM; ALSO
' > single wheels. 306 Post st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LET;
best accommodations. Terminal - tie—/, ■ Mo-
AUlrier ami Powell st. oar linet
FOR .. SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
mEN PORTRAITS FREE TO-DAY ONLyTXd-
Xvertlnlns work; call;early. Room 433, Empo-
rium, 4th floor.
Buy your baby CARRIAGES andrat-
tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
proiit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First St.,
near Mission.
MEW MILK COW FOR SALE CHEAP. 1828
-Li Fifteenth st.
TV"KW HIGHKST-ORADE SPECIAL 96 BICY-
XI cle; bargain. 68 Donohoe building. ;■■•
PLENDID REMINGTON TYPEWRITER.
$45: others from $20 up. REVALK, 409 CaL
SALE CHEAP-ONE~BS^HORSEPOWEB
enzlne, boiler, shafting and pnlleya. W. E.
LEE, Twenty-fourth su and Telegraph aye., Oak-
land. . , . . > ..-;.
THOROUGHBKED GREAT DANE DOG FOR
J- \*a!e cheap. 1315 Eighth st. Oakland.
QLOOP YACHT; $150; 27x11. APPLY 1548
O Park St., Alameda. . ...
OJLKRS.ENGUSES.2D-HANDMACHINERY.
waterplries. Mclntoah & Wolpman. 137 Beale.
pOUSTKHS, KHKLVING," SHOWCASES
V bars bough: & sold. 1121 Markt.bet 7th A Bth
~\ LL BABY CARRIAGES AND CHAIRS AT
XV cost; hood tops, $5 60 up; repairing; open
evenings. S. if. Baby Carriage M fg. Co. . 442 Sixth.
OUD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
I pulleys, shafting, etc- W. L. BAN FORD.
416 Washington si. •'
O HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE EN-
£*• gine: good as new; $90. Apply 216 Bay st.
k>ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS, SHELV-
-1 > ing, etc.. bought and sold. 1063 Mission st.,
between 6th and 7th.
. UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, fIASHK4
' doors, mantels, etc for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AM; LARUK SLS3
are and burglar proof sufi» 109. 11l Market »:.
I/" IKE AND BURGLAR SAFk! LETTKK-
X press, platform scales and desk :cheap. 102 Clay.
VTKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
■Li hand. W. aRA V Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
SEWING MACHINES. .! .
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, BXCHANGEA
rented, repaired: lowest rates. 205 Fonrth st.
EDU C ATION AL.
MBS. MELVILLE SNYDE^T^Ts^POST^StT;
vocal music, piano, elocution, practical Shake-
spearean and general dramatic acting a specialty;
voqal classes, Monday, 8 P. M. ; $1 month. ■ •
AYRES'.THE LEADING TELEGRAPHY CO
lege," 325 Montgomery St.; individual Instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; lira
scholarship $50: low rates per week and month.
\"OICE CULTURE, ELOCUTION AND D L-
sane taught thoroughly ; 25? !esson. 749 Fol-
som st.
TIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
College, 723 Market st 4 expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
niEACHKR: ASSISTS PUPILS IN GERMAN,
-1 Latin.Greek.French, arithmetic. E. 5.,411 Mason
A LMA K. HYKK, PIANO, MANDOLIN BAN-
-A. jo. . 405 Geary, Km. 17: thorough instruction
pOOKKPNO, WRUNG, ABITHMTC, GKA.VIK
X> day Ani ht: $5 month. 845 Mission
PROK. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
X guitar, cornet, reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powll.
.UITAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL,
lessons: $3 mo. MA BY WEST HA US. 89 Fifth. j
LADY FROM LONDON AND PARIS TEACH-
es plano,slnKlng,French:s3mo. X.14. 1002 Polk
\4 R. A 5 KS. KOLA NLER, TEACHERS MAN
l'ldolin, guitar, banjo. 935 Market St., opp. Mason
1 ELASCO's LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
J> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage, R. 5 and 12, 1. O. v. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL. MINING, ME.
O chanical engineering, surveying, archit°ctnra-
.issay ; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mlft,
ENGLISH. FRENCH. GERMAN. PIANO,
painting, palmistry, $2 ma Studio 1422 Hyde.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin , guitar, mandolin, lar.io. 1707 Market.
»-^^-^— —^— — . — __
ATTORNEYS-
TT^vIcE~FRKK^DTvOH^E^XWarX^PEcV
xV ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. G. W. HOWE, au'y-at-law, 850 Market.
VTOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 636 PABROTT
-L' building; consultations free; moderate • fees.
EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity; advice free and confidential. J.
G. JEFFRESS, 402 Montgomery at., room 18.
ADVICF FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
cessfol. W. W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market St.
\\T F. ARAM. ATT'Y-A W. 581 PARP.OTT
'* .bldg. Practices in all courts -.charges moderate
U W. KING, ATTORNEY -AT- LAW CHRON-
■It. ic-1e olde: advice free: moderate; open evngs.
LEGAL NOTICES.
"MTmCE^F^ATE^jF^REAT^S^ATET '
XI In the Superior Court, In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. In the matter of the estate of
LEWIS SOHER, deceased. .
Notice is he eby given, that in pursuance of an
order of the Superior . Court of the City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. In the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOHEK, dec-ased. the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SOUER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder for
cash and Bubjeot to confirmation by said superior
Court, on THURSDAY, the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock ie, at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen <fe Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
all the right, title, Interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time ot bis death,
and all the right, title and Interest • that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acquired o.her than or in addition to that
of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death, In and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcels of land situate and Deing in th- city and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
bounded and described as follows: - -.-
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Bosh street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly • from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Bust) street
thirty feet, thence at ripht angles eoutheriy one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and . six : Inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. Being part of 50-vara lot No. 1367 as laid
down on the om.ial Map of the City of San Fren-
clsco. ..-
-< Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of u'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of .Mason -street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of o'Far-
rell street fifty-eight : feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, thence at right angles ; southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
sev«-n<eet and | six inches, thence at rUsht angles
westerly flfiy-eiant feet, ;. and . hence at right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet ana six Inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point of commencement, ing part of 50-vara lot
No. 964 on the official map of • the City >of San
Francisco.  ... . ■ .. ... . ... .- .
} Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United Mates," ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid - to the undersigned on
the day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser. ■■>
E. MILE SOHER, Administrator with : the : will
annexed of the estate of Lewis bohjcb, de-
ceased. . . '. - ■'.
■ Dated August 18, 1896. > '" '
W. A. PLUNKETT, Attorney for Administrator,
: ' ' ' '•'■ ' -: "Mills building. ' .■■ •; :;'-.'.-■
DEPARTMENT NO. 9, PKOBATE-*NjTHE
Superior court In and for the City ' and County
of San Francisco, State of California, In | the mat-
ter of the estate of M.A RiON OE KO, deceased. ■-: >
Notice is ■•hereby ■ given, that FRIDAY the 4th
day of September, A. D. 3 896. at 10 ; o'clock a. m.
of said day, and the courtroom of Department Na
9 of said court, at the new City Kail, in the City
and County of San Francisco, State of California,
have been appointed as - the time I and place for
pioving the will of said M \KIoN DB RO. de-
ceased, and for hearing the application of Andrew
J. Binney for the Issuance to him of letters
testamentary thereon." -' ' * ; "■'/:'."■
Dated August 21, A." D. 1896. ' ; -
[seal.] -■•'-- C. F. CURRY, Clerk.
1 By F. B. HOUGHTON: Deputy Clerk.
RICHARD BELCHER, - Belcher building,
ilwva ville, CaL, Attorney for Petitioner. ,
PERSONALS.
MY^HifwBOTE^o'YOU R MOTHER^ SHE
' to me. .- I answered In denial. : Kemember, 1
shall never change.- ■ ,--■-'.•' :• *- '■: r BEN. -'
IF ANNIK MILLER, WHO LIVED WITH MY
family during this sprin?. will communicate
with me, she will learn something to | her, van-
tage. ; C. HOFFMANN. Santa Cruz. f
\\T ANTED— ADDRESSES OF ALL SUFFER-
■'• ing '■ from ; rheumatism," -kidney or nervous
disorders. Address N. P., b'X 148, Call. ' „ ? v
IVORCK AND ANNULMENT- OF MAR-
riage by United States Divorce Knreau; lega
everywhere. , Address P. O. box 2432, S. F-, Cat : '
ADVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A cialty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWK,atty-at-law, 850 Markets!.
MBS. THOMPSON, CHIKOPODIST. 101%
: Grant aye.. room 10. '\ /:.v
PAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER, FOR SALE;
JV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St. Oakland. cat -
I INCON BROS.. CASH GROCERS. 238 SIXTH
XJ st., middle of. the block. .• Boneless Ham 9c
lb: Picnic Hams, 6c lb: best Sugar-cured Hams,
10c lb: choicest Bacon, • 12Va B>: salmon Trout,
5c each; Dates, 5c Ib; Butter, 25c roll; Chees ,
10c ft: Eggs, 15C dozen. UNCOi.N BROS., 226
Sixth St. ■•:,--'--'■ -'-■■:.-• .-■ :; V
\\r ANTED - INFORMATION OF MRS. SO-
-TI PHIA RODG^Ks, last heard from in 1892,
then living at 1023 Army st; Han Francisco. Ad-
dress M KS. Ml LUDT, A mad r City, Cal ■
LUNE WATCH RKPAIRING, JEWELRY
X 1 made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
•low prices: fine work. J. N. BRtTTAIN.2O Geary.
\\r ANTED— 3 V OUNG LADIES tO WORK AT
>' » ; home. i 22% Geary St., room 38. ■* ■---■
"PHYSICIANS OR DRUGGISTS OF EXPERI-
X ence and meaDS who desir* to ge well loc ted
before winter sets in. please write lor information
to DR. WM. B. LOVBTT. Paradise, Butte County,
Cal. City references, REDINGTON CO., LANG-
LEY A MICHAELS C0..-PKOF. B. R. SWAN.. \
IF MRS. MINNIE HEDLEY WILL LEAVE
X her address with A. E.. box 40, this office, she
will hear of something to her advantage. 
\\r A NTED— T( > KNOW TH X HEREABOUTS
TV of John FosaIer.GUS SCHMIDT. 8-1 Mission.
ORE BUSINESS; MORE ROOM; HAVE
enlarged my parlors to give patrons quicker
and more efficient service; >«m> prices: hair-
dressing 25c, switches $1: -QLINONiA" hair
tonic stands the test well; sells for 85c per bottle.
G. LEDKRKR. Hairdresser, 111 StocKton st.
ARRIAGE BUREAU EST'B. 1887: SEND
10c for latest list of ladies. MRS. HERTZ,
332 Hyde St.
HE FINEST LI I^S OF REMNANTS:
1 suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cot Rate Tailor-
ing Company, 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Bth.
/CONFINEMENTS ATTENDED BY KEGU-
\J lar physician; $15 upward. A., box 98, CalL
LADY, BTBANGER, DESIBES A GENTLE-
man partner; $^5 capital. ? Room 2, 122 Post.
OKRIS BERRY. FORMER FOREMAN
Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wlih H.'SIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 45-46; ladies', misses',
children's cloaks to order;fit guaranteed :low prices
RUSKS DtLIVERKD 25C. r BAY CITY
• X Transfer Company, 244 Sutter; tel. Grunt 67.
(S* a pants to order; sample BY MAIL.
Ci WERTHMAN Pants Company local agents
wanted everywhere. '-2Va Geary street. ?
DVICE FREE ALL PRIVATE LAW MAT-
ters: mod. :ees. Atty. McCABE, 1027 Market.
PARTINGTON SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
Classes; Instructors; J. H. E. Partlngton, Gertrude
Partlngton. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
T THE PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur.
nished for $1; call or write. 1029 1 3 Market sl,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, CaL
1 f\(\(\ BUSINESS CABDS PRINTED »1 50;
1 UUU show cards, etc. HILL, 22Va Geary st. ,
LL FACIAL BLEMISH SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, scars, etc., removed by
Elite Electrolysis C 0.," 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
AZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALLY; FINE
XV edge pnt on razor, 2 Razor Exchge,63oMarket
"17 EL VET AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
V manufacturers' cost.- 20 Sansome st., upstairs.
OUTDOOR STf.KEOPTICON SHOW KVK-
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic al.
vertliements In living light; promoters of bail-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
LECTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
£00 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week; free ■ bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T IBEIIAL ADVANCtS ON DIAMONDS. JiiW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest ratwvV l'4s Market st. - ,
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADLE.*'
clothins bough:. COLMAN. 41 3d. cor. Jessie.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TH»
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 £0, post-
ago free. —- . ' ■
DRESSMAKERS. '
R^HsTs^S^pTwrTaPPEKS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn $1 up. 605 3 4. Nato na St., above Sixth.
' r ■ CLAIRVOYANTS. ; ■ " " " '~J
GITANA THK GYPSY. * -
This remarkable woman has lost arrived from
.the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate; she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, lov-»,
courtship, matrimony: sne reunites the separated;
causes speedy and happy marriage wi:h the one
of your ccoice; lucky numbers given. - 8 Turk st.
MX. POKTKR, WONDERFUL CLAJKVOY-
ant, card- reader, born r.ith a double veil and
eecond sight; ladles 50c gents $1; palmistry aui
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 128 Turk st., nr. Jones.
ME. AKNDT. BiiSi FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and fl. shows picture of mitt
future husband or wire. 4 Twelfth. Tel. Mint 621.
"\| ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TEL.
-»*» pas:, present and future: success to all; for-
tunes by mail: low prices. 856 Mission st.
ME. RAVKNA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
business advice : names glven:2sc up. 5 Fourth.
\\ ME. HANSEN, PALMIST. CARD-READER:
l'l past, present and future; 25c 148 6th St.. r. 5.
ME. LKGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
future; 25c. 31 1 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
YPSY LIFK-RE»lD1£B; PAST, PRESENT
and future; ladies 25c. 24.* Shipley, nr. t Itth.
p YPSY LIFE-READER; REMOVED FROM 5
VJT- seventh to 11 Stockton; ladles 25c: gents SOc.
ME. SYBTLLE SHOWS PICTURE FUTURE
husband, wife; ladles 25c, 60c. 914 O'Farrell.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEAI3
past, present, future; 250 up. :. 764 Howard st.
ME. DR. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT: 25
rs Kenrny J _now_929_Post ;Jee_sl j letter $2.
ME, SYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLE TO
grave: ladies, 25c: gents, 60c. O'FarrelL
PROFESSOR CARNELLE LEFT"CITY~FOR A
X vacation : watch The Call for his return.
ISS C. M ASCOTTA (LATE FROM CUBA),
card reader. 105 Larkin su. room 2.
LAIRVOYANT AND CARD-READER;
\J sitting $1. 306 Stockton st."
spiritualism; ir _ ~ ~
J V VEBITABLfc: QUKEN'A—ONG WOMEN 13
MRfl DR. A. V. HOWE. i
FEE «l A UPWARD! ' FEE $1 A UPWARD:
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of : sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast .In the ten years past. Is
PKaln at her : old office*, . 1 320 Market street, San
Francisco, and •is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who ■ wilt either coll on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succesi
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless: the
separated are united; the sick made strong ; the
poor become rich: If you think your husband, wife
or lover Is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortal*
who try io Imitate her. as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILa Shedoei
not know ' what failure means! ' Her "Revealed
Medicines" -' (registered ■ and copyrighted) i cure
every disease - that human flesh is heir to. and na
matter of how . long standing. - Write if you can- '
not call, for treatment oy mall Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfac;ory. All letters answered.
-■ . .. .- Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. -
FEE $1 & UPWARD! FEK $1 & UPWARD:
' MBS. DR. A. D. HOWE, ,
1 1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
\\J ONDERFUL CONVINCING PROOF OF
¥>.;.-• SPIRITUAL POWER. -
-* WRITE AND BK CONVINCED.:.
•1 n W ftli^KE^LY 1 $1 • «
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 Market St., 8. F.,
Diagnoses disease, with fall life reading,' from
lock of hair: this week only for $1: take advan-
tage of this rare opportunity: her reveal d medi-
cines work wonders : with the sick and afflicted.
Write ■: address palmy and inclose lock of hair. v-»
$1 II $1 $1 tl $1 »1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
DDIK SWAIN'S LXI TURK: -WHERE IS
the Suicide After Death, and What is Your Ex-
cuse for Living?" PROFESSOR TARK (math nje-
tlclan) 25 cents. 35 Eddy St., Washington Hall. ; ■:■■'
17IRIEND>H1P'HALL, 326 MCALLISTER ST.
T M K-. C. J. MEYER holds meetings Mon.!
Thnrs. and Bat.; 7:30; clr. Tue., 2 p. m.; sittgs
BTURNED— MAYOSTrERS; CIRCLE
Sun., •» Tues., i-* Fri. v evenings: Ladles' 3 circle
Thnr*. 2 P. it.; readings daily. 1015 Market, r.19.
ISHOP GAKKISON, 1370 MARKET; SEAN-
ces Tuesday. Friday even's. 2 Be: 10 to 4 daily.
.it.M,i. FRANCIS, 5 INDEPENDENT ;. SLaTE-
_■ writer. J llB Halght St.; hours 9 until 6 P. it.
mEST .'> CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. IOC?; MME.
1 YOUNO. 606 McAllister St.. tele, Jessie 1101. j
RS. KATE HOSKI VKaNCE MEDIUM;
sittings $3 : circle Tuesday eve. i:-dj Oak. ' .
';;■;..,.;■:_■.;. . t; hypnotism. r'--r\ ;- ; '.- 'C<
H~^^p^oT : is^r^A^ir^vTrAT Slagnetism
practically and scientifically taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno ize Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a goo.l opportunity
is here s offered *■ lo t physicians ;~ and s students of
science interested in is therapeutic: effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence : sol cited. ■■ c»;i or
address '. the ' Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st. ;*■:■ - • ■■'■-':■■: ■'-'■•■-■ -■'.■■-:.-;•■-->..■-■■■..
' TYPEWRITERS. ; ~~
'riAUORAPH, $15: REMINGTON,
\J A BAN NAN, 333 Montgomery su f ;■"-.; • ;
" CITY REAL ESTATE.
MCAtEE BROTHERS, ' '
REAL ESTATE BROKERS ■' " " ? ::
AND FINANCIAL AGENTS, -
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
SPLENDID CORNER INVESTMENT& -
©Ql f\(\ CLEMENTINA BELOW 3D.'
«4rO±UV. -.vith 2-story building, renting to 3
tenants for $35 rer. month; 30 feet front; streets
accepted ; see this. - : ••.<•'• ;
Ztl A f\f\Ci MONTGOMERY AYE., CLOSE
tlpl*±.l''JU. in; well improved; store and 2
stories I above . and fine largo , well-finished I base-;
ment; : 1 tenant at #1-00 per annum; this is a
first-class investment.
■•:■...; PRESIDIO HEIGHTS LOT. '
OHO 20 ° FEET i FRONTING ON PA-
lZt\J\J. ciric aye./ adjoining the Presidio:
street work done and ' accepted ; see us about this
cheap lot. : '.
to EXCHANGE for SAN FRANCISCO or
OAKLAND property. ;
<JT» -| f) AnA --.WEBSTER. - NEAR VALLEJO:
iJIZ.UUU. new residence of 16 rooms: all
latest improvements:, electric lights: gas fires;
furnace; natural woods;, tinted walls; desirable
location; delightful home. ■-■
•••-' '-. ■ .---■-.• ....ALSO.... i -■'•■■
$»_>nn/j NE. CORN KB. SANCHEZ. NEAR
«JJ)«)UV'''. 24th: 86x75: street work done; lot
on grade; would sell in subdivisions.
McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st. ■
NE OF THE FINEST RESIDENCES IN SAN
KJ Francisco to .: exchange for unincuiibered
country land: price -: 540.0u0. with $12,000 mort-
gage. Syndicate Investment Company, 64 and 05
Chronicle building. . v ■ -.- ■■■:■■ ■■'■ I ■
SOL GETZ A BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Building.
; HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations. I
Our installments are easier than rent..
f\f\ TO $250— CAN BE BUILT ON
«J)JLUU at once; near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines; only <5 monthly payments.
j-- SOL G^TZ & BROTH KB. ,
<J> 7 C 'J O $1200— BEST LOCATED i.OTal NEAR
0 I O electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of perk, ocean, strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated College*;
$5 uud $10 monthly payments. ■ ■
SOL GETZ it BROTHER,
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, Owners,
Boom A, First Floor, Crocker Bulding. •
\\T ILL. BUILD COTTAGER, HOUSES OR
»T ; flats at lowest prices for cash or Installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and- ex-
amine plans, i DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st.
HEAP; COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH,
\J on 21s. St. and Potrero aye. Ap. to J. GUNN,
] -builder, at Building, or to 308 C'ortland aye.
TJEADTHIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
XX the San . Leandro road and main street to
Fitchburg station; size ■ 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
■RESIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
it from the San Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price $500. : ;. '
BUSINE -9 CORNER AT FITCHBURG STA-
tlon; frontage to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONE ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
divlde into 48 building lots: a good buy to hoid
or retail at once to home-seekers. <
BEST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
County, lor sale and to rent: will grow flowers,
fruits and . vegetables to ; perfection; splendid
chance to start a nursery and crow cut flowers for
the market. ' ■ ■ • ■
ATHER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
v/ in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc "■■-•
THaD. S. FITCH. Fitchburg. .
' W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St.. R. F.
<a.*/I£vfk ABSOLUTELY GIVEN AWAY, LOT
nS^fOU. 25x120, on W.line of 16 th aye.. near H
St.; 2-story residence adjoining; lot ready to build
on: car line on H st,: this is a genuine sacrifice.
Call on owner, room Vi, 43 (sth St., 1 to 5 P. M. '
<a.Qf\/V 50x120, ' SEVENTH- NTH AYE..
<JpOul/. near If. St.; coiitlvely the cheapest
park lots; a genuine bargain. 155 Fifteenth aye.,
couth ban Francisco.
OR SALE— ELEGANT NEW MODE
residences, s tuated on Goueh St., near Broad-
•va ; contain Bto 12 rooms, and all modern con-
veniences: fine view, good neighborhood and com-
plete street work: these houses should be seen be-
', fore purchasing elsewhere;, terms easy; houses
I open. . -'■ '-' ■ ' - *
TNGLESIDE— MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE,
i. near the racetrack, on Flaxton and Grafion
I sts. ; 11 rooms and bath, wooden mantels and all
I modern Improvements: lot 82:6x125; will be sold
at a great sacrifice. G. W. H. PATTERSON A CO.,
I 2 Valencia st. ••'...:.,'
U>T COMPLETED: HOUSK . 14 ' ROOMS;
: finish natural woods:: quartered oak, birdseve
raaple, mahogany, j curly redwood; gas and in-
candescent lighting; tiled sinks and baths: marine
view. Cor. Clay and Laurel: owner on premises.
C? 1 OR/1 COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS: BEKKE-
<^I_OU. ley; lot 60x100: near station; $300
down, $15 monthly. . . ■
$150— Lot 24x100: $5 down, $3 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. ."
SUBSTANTIAL MODERN HOUSES BUILT;
$150 to $-75 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
MONEY TO, JLOAN.^^
TIJt AMOUNT ON -■! BONDS, DIAMOND'S,
.ri. watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and Instruments; Interest low: private entrance;
private rooms: discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
xL jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN jmv'ELKY
STORE, 948 Market st. : open evenings.
_. "I An AAfl AT LOWEST RATES: CITY
«U>IUU.UUU and ; Oakland: : life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and i bonds; estates; any sum.
BHAINW ALP, BUCKBEr &CO.. 218-220 Montgy
MONEY LYING JDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTKK-
*■ st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY /LOANED ON JKWitLKV ANO
l\i other Talnables at the Security - Loan Office,
1 lC6Marketat..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turf.
1 "kIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANu:
XJ. no removal: no delays; do commissions: low
i interest. V Km.* 68, Donohua ' bldg. 1170 Market v-
« NY AMOUNT; IST, 2i> or 3D MORTGAGES:
xV estates, undivided interests, real estate in uro.
tale. McC'OLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
ffljcn.UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 2D MORT-
<g)OU gages; Int. in estates. MURPHY.62B Mrkt
A DVANOESONDIAMONDS,JEWELKV. KTQ
J\ Columbia Loan <fe Collateral Office. 0 Grant ay&
Tlf ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
IYL McKWEN BROS.. 118 -Montgomery at.
PAWNBROKERS.
I ORROWERS, ATTENTION — INTERKST
" > saved at the i Cut Rate Loan' Office, room 7,
Flood building, 809 Market su; strictly private:
open evenings; elevator. y ... . ■• . : ..
AT 126 KEARNY (ST.. ROOM .9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
". ; • MEDICAL. ; : , ' , '.- ; :. • ' ,
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped s immediately; ■•: prices . to suit the
times; home In * confinement. DR. >A " MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., next - Hibernia Bank;
consult free: I French I reculatinz ■ pink pills $2;
hours from 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 p. m. -
LL, ; CASES •OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few ; houri ; ; safe ; and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped ■■ without delay; pri-
vate home In conflnemeut: regular graduate phy-
sician; 30 'years' successful practice; MEDICAL'
ELECTRICITY used ; ladies, - consult the : doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time and
expense; consultation free and confidential. :
MBS. DR. WYEIH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
. NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
| nietK or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from . what cause: • restores * always ■' in ; one day;
can be sent and used at home; all cases guaranteed;
if you want to be treated ■ safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st. r
r ad'ies, chichester's English perm y-
XJ royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are best; safe, re-
liable; take no other, bend 4c, stamps, for particu-
lars. "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return mail:
at druggist's. : - Chlchester Co., Philadelphia.
IfORMEN-GKEEN'^ GUARANTEED CURE;
greatest nerve treatment known; positive cure
for all weakness: cure guaranteed or money re-
turned; trial free. Agent, KELLY, 102 Eddy st.
LPEA US ■•■ FRENCH PILLS— A i BOON :TO
ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; {2 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. v: OSGOOD hOS.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN, DISEASES WOMEN SPE-
cialty: unexcelled In restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills $2. Moved to 904 McAllister st
B.S. DR. .WEGENEB TAKES ; LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement,: Infants adopted
into good homes; » mats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st. .. .".. ■ ■ '
ÜBE CUKK FOR ALL Ft-MALE DISEASES
O from whatever cause: a home In confinement ■
with every ■■ comfort: i satisfaction ■ guaranteed, by.
MRS. DR.-GWYKR. 2'J6 Turk st. •■■'■; ;; ;
Ks. M. K. BODUERiS, PHI VATE i HOME i IS
' confinement; terms reduced. ;. 929 Howard st.
R. , DORA GRAY— ALL ;: FEMALE? COM-
, plaints restored: cure guaranteed. 327 liddy.
R-. J. A. ACHaBD,'. .iIDWIFK-Hu.MK , IN
confinement: 26 yrs' experience. 555 Mission. :
-IF IRREGULAR OKA.NY FK.MALE DI-EASE
see PUETZ and becontent. 4th.
DR." HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STBKET. NtAB
XJ Jones. - Diseases of women and children. .. :;
."PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT. . MKd.
Z. l)&. FUN CJLE, 1416 Elghtfl «t,*, AUmeda, ~ -;,
; COUNTRY REAL ; ESTATE.
\ Cl ACRES, ALL LEVEL LAND, SONOMA
'J-Os County; house, barn, chicken-bouse; -400
chickens. 50 ducks; everything in Al order; will
sell or exchange. :
JO ACRES HIGHLY IMPROVED LAND, SO-
MO noma County, all set to orchard; sell or ex-
change.:, -•'■
JO ACRES. IV). MILKS FROM RAILROAD,
ttO Na»a County, well improved, for sale or ex-
change for Oakland property. ■ ;
OF THE FINEST, RANCHES IN NAPA
V/ County, highly improved, offered for a few
days • for choice /Alameda - property valued at
$11,000; all clear. EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
' '• ■ '*'' '."; ■."■ Room 29, Second floor.
i^ :- v Mills tulldlng, R. F.
; 4 SaC CO -ON" Y. •
/i. At Ashurst you will have an opportunity to
procure a home that will be self-sustaining, at-
tractive and profitable, and on terms better than
have, ever before been offered. We have our own
homes in I this colony and are | determined to sur-
round ourselves wi.h ; neighbors who wish at once
to have | schools - and churches and readingrrooms
in our very midst. We have every facility for a
grand development. .We make it possible for all
who are enterprising, thrifty and industrious to
make with us homes of comfort and abundance.
Address Ashurst Colony, room 10. Mills building,
San 1 rancisco. * .:■■.' , - -
O v= RENT— SATHER RANCH. CONTRA
Costa County on Ban Pablo Creek, eight miles
from Berkeley; 1150 acres of land, well watered
and wooded; about 350 acres good grain land;
balance excellent pasture; suitable tor milk or
stock ranch : » has railroad . facilities. R. E.
ROWLAND, Orlnda Park. '. •
AIRY. HOG AND WOOD RANCH OF 3-0
acres; .all fenced and- cross-fenced: good
house, barn, etc; nice vineyard: 13 springs and
running stream: more than 5000 cords of st»ndlng
wood, oak and pine; 4 miles from switch, 5 from
town wor $5 per cord at the switch; 93500. D.
H.VTWINO, Sonoma City, Cal. y v '
f J ITTI.E HOMES, CLOSE TO TOWN. IM-
.— I proved: easy terms; also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F. '■ . :
A NTED-TO ASK 100 TO 600 ACRES:
;» » Santa : Clara . Val .ey . preferred ; partly Im-
proved; water;- no fancy prices. J Address, full
particulars. Responsible, box 42. Call Office.
rTIHIS FINEST HOG RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leased for a term of years, or the right
party can sei ure a half Interest in a good paying
ranch property, as tne present owner Is not able to
give it the attention it requires; this property is
well improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of ho?* the year round.
For particulars adJresiX. V., box 0'), Call Office.
ANY ONE WANTING A HANl'h FOR
grazing purposes, or an orchard already im-
proved, where only small cash outlay. ls required,
balance in 6 or 7 years, apply 32tf Montgomery st.
AKIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRKS M MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
I any, 65 Chronicle building. ;'.'■; ■ ..■;
A LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
• V est in the State; selling in tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, 35 per. acre, adjoining Janus held at $ 100
per acre; owner forced to sell: 1% hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 57 Chronicle building.'
KMJi'UKOUK LIST uf ORCHAKIi iiO.Ui.3
1or(«i«. WdOSTKK * WH I'l'l'iiV. «.«n ■™ ..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
T^OR SALE- AT HIGHLAND PARK,, COB.
r Nineteenth aye. and Twenty-fifth st.: lot 140 x
350 feet; house of 10 rooms; I grounds In lawn, or-
mental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C.
Be. JUS, 324 Montgomery st. •
-[■'A LOTS.2SxIOO EACH.IR EASTOAKLAND,
J- for exchange: value $1750: mortgage •of
$700; hat have you got to offer? C. F. MOORE,
935 Market St., room 4. Cy ' '
ffi(l/<rn 8-ROOM HOUSK: ALL NEW AND
{jP—UOU. modern; never been occupied: lot
36x100; located on Thirty-third St., bet. Grove and
West; $100 cash, ana balance to suit customer:
this is a rare chance to ge: a good home in the best
residence portion of Oakland. A. H. BLOW. 1010
Broadway, Oakland. -
fljj 17' 1 , AN ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
tJp-L 1 «J' . cottage: all modern: high basement:
lot 2 6x100; located on Linden st., near Twenty-
eighth; easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way, Oakland. ■■-■■:■- .
(J> , ll\(\ 7-ROOM. 2-STORY HOUSE": ON
«J> 1 'i \J\J. oak st., ne^r Seventh; lot 25x70; a
good buy; easy terms. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
way, OuKland.
Gj'JUfin NEW AND ELEGANT. 6-RuOM
OUU. cottage; all modern; high basement,
bath, etc.: corner lot, 33:6x100: located on ' north
side of Nineteenth st., nr. Curtis: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland
Cj/^nA/i NEW. AND MODERN 8- ROOM
«35UUV_HJ.. house: reception hall finished in oak:
stairs, parlor and dining-room finished in cedar;
balance 01 house finished in redwood: corner lot
on Nineteenth st., near West; good location: con-
venient to electric car* and local. A. U. BLOW,
1010 Broadway, Oakland. ' ' '
<2«QI (\(\ NEW AND ALL-M-DERN- 8-
(JO1UU. room house;. just finished: lot 35x
112: on Twenty-seventh si., bet. Telegraph aye.
and Grove st.; this is a great bargain, a. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway, Oakland. ; ,
0> ' Ann NEW AND ELEGANT 9-ROOM 2-
«Jr«JU\JV. story house: high .basement: bath
and all modern improvements: lot, 40x100; this
property la worth $7000: -must b sold to close up
an estate. A. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway .juaklano.
<8t *yi ~-\i\ NEW MODERN HOUSE 8 GOOD
r7 — i O\J . rooms for $30 per month and no cash
down. Apply to ALDEN <fc KRONENBEHG, 902
Broadway. •
<2i.'-)C\C\ CASH; BALANCE *10 PER MONTH:
t3>£\)\J house of 5 rooms, bath; Jot 50x100;
well, barn, etc.; a bargain. WILLIAM P. TuDD,
1002 Broadway. Oakland. - : ,
v ill IT pa\ ? yes:: see alle.-dale
" ■ Tract at occe. Buy a $75 lot or upward for a
come or paying investment: . Fruitva'e, . a ■■joining
East Oakland, the garden spot of Oakland level
and choice site; streets graded; some macadam-
ized; only a few left': fine school: 2 electric roads
near by: conveyance free: $5 cash and $5 monthly.
468 Ninth St., Oakland, and 630 Market S. F.
H. Z.JONES, owner.'
OAKLAND " rUKNITUBE~FOR SALE.
Tv?^Tß^DlA^^O^7)S^Y~pXT^U)^7zllN S G^l^•
>'SCHELLH A.AW. furniture-dealer. lUh.na.Kld
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
(JjOj en $50 CASH, 925 MONTHLY: NEW
(J-TwU. cottage of 5 rooms: large, lot, 50x
125, situated close to Bay-st. station.
$2750— Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, now building: your terms are ours. ' -
. — Cottage of *6 - rooms and bath; pretty,
garden: close to Cliestnut-st. station, narrow-
gauge railroad; lot 40x140; a pretty home; easy
terms. ■•. -. - - -..-■■ ■-.- --r;!
■special bargains In lots; houses and stores to let
from $10 up. -.''??•"'•■''""-
- Office open Sundays and holidays MARCUBE
& REMMEL, Bay-su s:ation < broad gauge), Ala-
in ed a. - :-■ .:• . . - •■--. ■--.-.•
San Francisco office, 629 Market st.
•511 9F\fl CASH AND $3750— 0N TERMS TO
<PX^.tJU suit will buy one of the choicest homes
in Alampda; house 10 rooms; large corner lot im-
proved; furniture for sale. Owner, box 63, Call.
<519'-inn TO $5000— NEW AND MODERN
: O^' )UU houses on large lots In good locations;
convenient to trains; terms to suit the purchasers-
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY. 1364 Park
St.. .Alameda. ; . , .
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
WILL BUILD a" MODERN" B^ROOM "COIN
• » tage, with mantel, bath, laundry, basement,
hot and cold water; sewered; lot 40x100; $1600:
$300 cash, $15 per month. F. BOEGLE, Golden
Gate station, r •.--:.. :,y L . * '': : <■
GOOD ; HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO.. real estate,
building and loans, 2123 Center St.; Berkeley.
JOSEPH ;J. MASON. UK A L ESTATK AND
insurance .agent. lerttWev siatn. adjoining bank.
."■■V ;;:■-*- BERKELEY HOUSES. ;
F~~OIt RENT^iio, INCLUDING WATER:
house of 10 ' rooms ! and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large. orchard, also some pasture
land; entire place .comprises about Ij acres; street
macadamized; five minutes' wa k to train maKing
ha f-hourly trips to city. For further. lnformation
call |or address A. J. SNYDER & CO.. 467 Ninth
st.," real estate brokers. Oakland. ' ■ : '
OR RENT, , NEWLY : FUBNISHKD COT-
' tage t 5 rooms, .-■ bath - and 3 garden, $20. - 1932
Berkeley way, East Berkeley. ■■ . .. . . ■..':,.-, ,
OB KENT FOR ONE YEAR OR LONGER
on reasonable terms— A', completely furnished
house :of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; stable,
chickenbonse: • roses, etc; convenient to railway,
school and university. Address House, box 63,
Citli ■ c. ■-'-'• '■■' ■■--■■'-- 1 ■-'• ■'■■-■; ■■■-
{ PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ,
c^A^n7r^pAßiriTTrAT^mrDr\rß~r>ii-
«Jp^V/.UI/v./. ness .block; pays 6 cent net;
will take Improved property in or near san Mateo
or Los Gatos to value of 4 10,000, as part payment.
Address E. X.,box 4, Call ufflce, Oak and. -...:
ONTEREY.NEAR HOTEL DEL MONTE:ON
■ a lake: 2-story ' house, "-■ barn, chicken-house;
1 2 lots, -all iin :: fruit . and 5 ' kinds >of ■' berries:
vegetables grow thriftily, all < year round. . F. C
CALDWEi.L. owner. 325 Ninth su, Oakland. " * :
TTALF SECTION OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
XI County, for Improved or unimproved property
In Berkeley or Sam Francisco. > Address A, box 87
Call Office.- /;".,; ;;V':.~ ':y r--v '\s:^ .:. .'■•■:'■ i
lOvlll ACRES TiVhER LAND. KERN CO.;
X£iO\t ««t«»r: rln»fn^cftrJo-r"l^ nt. N..bx,l6.Cail
PHYSICIANS.
''.'c. ?"d '"o'donnklL," i 5o6 ~ ? ua Tiucet^^orl
Golden Gate aye.': diseases of women a specialty.
. 1 U)N'T FAIL TO CONSULT > DR. JORDAN , AT
XJ his " museum. 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee or fair treatment;
Uib worst casts ureaied satisfactorily of mail. - i
FINANCIAI-.
T ° "loan as itow as banks;
,]*■! UU.UyU Apply rm 214. Cal.safe Dep.Bldg.
THE T V IVORCE RECORD.
Comniaints filed:
J. H. "Aumlller against Lorenz Aumlller. •
Anna H. Woodward against J. H. Woodward.
Michael J. Deasy a;ains: Frances Deasy. i ■
Mary DavUson against 'Seymour C. D.rvidson.
"Frances L Tine against J. T. Tine.
JiAlliliAGES— DiiAiiii
rßirth, marriage and death notices sent by mall *
will not be in erted. They mus . be handed in at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons autherizai
to have the same published.
BORN.
ADLKR— In this city, August 21, 1898, to the
wife of Louis Adler, a daughter.
ANOFSKY— In Oakland, August 17, 1896. to the
wife of Henry AnofsKv, a5nn..,..,^. '. . ..
MARRIED.
HEAGERTY— this city. August 23.
1893. by the Rev. P. - O'ConneU. D. M. Heajerty
of Fruitvale aud Katie Gililck of the Potrero.
HUFFMAN-BRIODY-In this city, Harry Huff-
-man and Agnes Briody, both of San Francisco.
McLEOD-MILLER— In this city,' August 23,
1806, by the Rev. Father Jones of the Dominican
Order Church. A. C. McLeoi and Ellen T. Miller.
DIED.
Bernhard, Oscar F. ... Moos, Bendix C.
Bernstein. Rachel etcher, David
Carroll, James O. O'Halloran, Frank
Curry. «iares H. M. Ondovilla. Jose
• Demartmr. Paul = Pettit, Mary E. '
Dwyer. Winifred Pitto, James
Ellis, Maude L. - Riordan. PatriCK
.far re! 1, Saliie S. Rosenberg, Solomon S.
Hencbion, Mrs. Ann Smith, Mabel I.
: Ladd, Mrs. l.ydia W. T omono, Kichijlro * ;■ I
Lawton, M. C. Trainor, James
I.eberer. Frank Wanner. Anthony
McCartney, Henry H. Zapffe* Henry
BERNHARD— this city, August 23, 1896,
Oscar F. Bernhard. a native of Austin,' Tex.,
aged 85 years 11 months and 12 days.
aS-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. v., from the par-
lors of Carew A Ensrllsh. 19 Van Ness avenue.
Interment strictly private, Cypress Lawn Ceme-
. tery. .....-: ;
BKRNSTEIJJ-In ' this city. August 25, 1593,
. Rachel, beloved wife of Hermann Bernstein,
■ and mother of. Philip .H. Bernstein, Mrs. J.
" Samuel. Mrs. A. Florlntin, Edward A. and Louis
Bernstein and Mrs. B. Brilliant of Los Angeles,
a native of Woolstein. Prussia, aged bl years.
~ £3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
-1 fully invited 10 attend the rnnerat Tills >vr
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock r. if., from her late,
residence. 1152GoUen <*ac avenue, near Web-
ster . street. Interment Hills of Eternity Ceme-
tery, by 3:30 o'clock p. M. train from Third and
TownsenU streets. : . . . : .
CARROLL— In East Oakland, August 25, 1896,
Jam »s Oliver , Carroll, a native of Canada, aged
36 years 11 months ana 20 days.' ' "". ~; "
CURRY— In this city. August 25, 1896, Charles
■-. H. SI., beloved husband of Emma J. Curry and
father of C. F., W. X., L. M. and Miss M. R.
- Curry and Mrs. James Patterson, a native of
. Redruth, : Corn wall. England, aged 62 years 9
months and 21 days.
- »ar~N"oilceof funeral hereafter.
K. of H.— officers and members or the Grand
Lodge of California. Knights of Honor, are here-
by notified to meet at the Alc»zar, 114 O'Far-
rail street (fourth floor), SATURDAY, August
29, at. 12:30 o'clock p. m.. to attend the funeral
our late Grand- Reporter. C. H. M. Curry. All
members of the Knights of Honor are also re-
- quested to attend. • •
PBESCOTT L. ARCHIBALD.
■ , '. Grand Dictator.
DEMABTINI— In this city, August 26. 1896,
Paul, dearly beloved son of Antonio and Rosa
Demartini. and hro her of Frank, Baptist?, Kr-
minio and Nathan Demartini, a native of Angels
Camp, Cal., aged 28 years.
■ IS" Friends ana acquaintance* are respect-
fully. invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from nis late resi-
dence, . 2iiy% : Montgomery avenue. A solemn
requiem hign mass will be celebrated for the
'.'. repose of his soul at Sts. Peter and Paul's Italian
Church, corner Duponi and Filbert streets, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. — Interment Italian
Cemetery. . ;
DWYKB-In this city, August 25, 1898, Winifred,
beloved wife of George B. Dwyer and mother of
Jennie L., Thomas F., John d... George E. and
: Lott'e W. Dwyer. •- L~: ■
' Friends • and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tbursdav). at 8:30 *. it., from her late resi-
dence, .789 Baker street, thence to Su Bridget's,
Broadway and Van Ness avenue,' where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
. pose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;
' ELLIS- In'this city, August 25. 1898, Maude L.
Kills, a native of California, aged 31 years 4
months and 23 days.
FARRELL— In this city. August 25, 1896. Sallie
Stanbery Farrell. a native of Ohio, aged 29 years
1 month and 11 days.
HENCHION— In this city, August 26, 1896, Mrs.
Ann Henchlon, be.oved sister of Thomas and
Mary Callaghan, a native of Parish Kilmichael,
County Cork, Ireland, aged 70 years.
JsT«r Notice or funeral hereafter
LADD— In Tracy, August 18. 1596. Mrs. Lydia
Washburn Ladd. a native of Plymouth, .Mass.,
aged 76 years and 23 days.
LAWTON— In Spokane. August 17. 1896, M. C.
Lawton,' beloved husband of Charlotte M. Law-
ton, and ' brother of Colonel H. W. La-vton of
U. S. ; A., a native of Ohio, aged 59 .ears 3
months and 14 days.
A3~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend rh« funeral THIS I) V V
(Thursday), at 2:30 o'clock p. it., from Masonio
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets.
Funeral services under the auspices of Fidelity
Lodge No. 120, F. and A. _ Interment Masonic
Cemetery. \:- .
LEBERER— In East Oakland. Aneust 25. 1898,
Frank, be'oved husband of Caroline Leberer and
father of Frank and Annie M. Leberer. a native
Of Germany, aged «S2 years and 11 day 4.
49* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. it., from his late
residence. 914 East Twelfth screes. East Oak-
land. . Interment Mountain. View Cemetery. . 
MCCARTNEY— In Oakland. August 25. 1896,
Henry • Harvey • McCartney, a native of New
. ' York, aged 59 years 7 months and 24 days. .
MOOS— In Oakland, August 25. 1898, Bendix C
Moos, a native of Germany, aged 45 years.
NETCHEB-In this city, August 581, 1898,' David
;.';. Netcher. a - native of Massachusetts, axed ;60
■ years.
6'HALLORAN— In this city, August 25, 1893,
Frank O'Hallor.in. a native of San Francisco,
aged. 11 months and 5 days. . • . ". ■
ONDOVILLA— In this city. August 23, 1896, Jose
Ondovllla, a native of Mexico, aged 53 years.
PETTIT— In this city, August 26, 1898. Mary
Ellen, beloved daughter of John and. Hannah
Pettit, a native of ban Francisco, aged 9 months
and 18 lavs. ' • : ■ ': • ■ ' • .
A3" lnterment private, Mount Calvary Ceme-
t ery.
PITTO— this - city. August 23. 1833. James
•;:■ Pino, beloved son of Caterina Pitto and the late
Gusieppi A. Pitto, and brother of Domingo Pitto,
a native of San Francisco, aged 8 years and 9
months. • . . - ; ■ -■.-.'
j)PB~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -TO-MORROW
■ (Friday), at 1 : 30 o'clock p. it., from the residence
.of his , parents, Ocean road, near Five-mile
House. Interment Italian Cemetery.
BIORDAN — In th s city. Aucust 25, 1896, Patrick
, Riordan. a native of Ireland. aged 60 years.
BOSKNBERG— In this city. August 25, 1893.* Sol-
- omon 8., beloved husband of Lena and father of
Joseph, Bertha, Emma, Edmund and ; Helen
Rosenberg, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
70 years 10 months and 5 days. :„-.'
■ iff Friends ; and . acquaintances . are • respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at - 10:15 o'clock a. 1 m., from his
- late ' residence 1111 Laguna street. ■ Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock a. ic.
' train, from Third and Townsena streets. Please
omit flowers. | ... .....
SMITH— In this city, August 25, 1896. Mabel
Irene Smith, daughter of Delia and George W.
smith, a native of san Francisco, aged 6 months
r 17 days. > - , ■■ .-;,. '-. • . ■' .
JKB"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
' (Thursday), at J :30 o'clock p. m., from 201 Shot-
well street. Funeral strictly private. Interment
' Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
TOMONO— In the City and County: Hospital. An-
' gust 26, 1896, Klchijiro Tomono, aged 21 years.
TRAINOR— In this city.. August 36. 1896, James,
. beloved > brother of Margaret and • Theresa
Trainor. Mrs. P. J. Haley. Mrs. M. J. Cahill. Mrs.
- C. Carew and ! the late William Trainor. a native
of County Monaghan, Ireland, aged 38 years.
WANNER— this city, August 25, 1896, An-
thony Wanner, beloved husband of Jurelea si.
Wanner, and father of Mrs. Martha Feltz and
~ Julius Wanner, a native of France, . aged 60
■: years 10 months and 8 days. "IWIMffWIJIi <Jii>K
. <arf riends and .- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 426 a Thirteenth street, near Valencia,
■ where services will ba held. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
ZAPFFE— In this city, August 25, 1896, Henry,
beloved husband of Lizzie Zapffe and father of
Elmore, Helen, and the late Carroll Zapffe and
• son-in-law of Mr. and Mrs. M. Han sen, a mem-
. ber of Ivy Lodga Na 1716, K. of 11., a native of
Lour wig, Norway, aged 38 years 5 months and
.7 dars. '■-.'''■:" -' - - '■ ■ ■ ■ .''-.. ' '.'■•'-/.
itS" Friends aud ■ acquaintances '■ are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 1 : o'clock p. m.. from - his late
residence, ' 3819 Army street, between Dolores
and Church, thence oy funeral car from Thirtieth
street, and San Jos? avenue, at 2 o'clock p. m.
. lu'erm»nt Cypress Lawn cemetery. \ ... ; " ,
T WIcAVOY _ GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL niRrTTORS A KMBAI.MKBS*,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
; :; ; Telephone 3080. v >*
j*TT!7m ixuhkv^"™"" 'cms. McMkxokjct.
* JAMES McMENOMEY & SON,
UNDERTAKERS t AND EMU AL3IERS,
1057 JlliijHiou Street, Near Seventh.
■ ' Telephone No. 3354. . ■
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CEME-
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive; location I unexcelled. > Office t)97 J&ftfkef
Btrect. iivutiiens. corner ot bUUi. <
1516
WILL TAKE THE
ANGELS BY STORM.
Republican Alliance to Go
South in a Special
Train.
BIG THINGS PROMISED.
Commander Gaskil! Promises
That All Expectations Shall
Be Exceeded.
ORGANIZED IN A CELLAF,
Bat Now Acknowledged the Crack
Uniformed Political Regiment
in the State.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Aue. 26. j
When the sun sinks into the Pacific off
Los Angeles next Saturday night the peo
ple of that city will witness their burg bap
tized by a Republican fire from Central
California.
"What's the matter with McKinley?"
Commander Varney Gaskill will shout.
"He's all right, you bet— every time—
hip-hip-rah, hip-hip-rah — Alliance — Al
liance — rah-rah-rah— McKinley."
VARXEY GASKILL, COMMANDER OF THE ALLIANCE.
"W ho?" will come from the iron lungs
of the commander and all the invaders
will shout, "McKinley."
Immediately following the flares from
full 200 fiery flambeaux will shoot into the
air and the peaceful people of the City of
the Angels vrill know that the Republican
Alliance has the freedom of their city.
There is never anything small about the
Alliance. They are as magnanimous as the
doctrine they uphold, and when the invi
tation to go to Los Angeles was received
it was at once resolved that a few mem
bers should not drift there like corporal's
guards cast adrift, but that they should go
in a body. They mu3t go with glory and
return with more, so a special train was
chartered, uniforms were renewed or re
furnished, and with flags, banners, music
and torches the Alliance will leave the
mole on Friday night amid the cheers of
those less tortunate than members of the
organization.
And tbey will not forget their mascot.
The colored gentleman who carries the
large transparent globe at the head of
every Alliance procession will not be per
mitted to remain behind. Considerable
doubt exists in the minds of many as to
the real name of the Alliance mascot. At
a recent cake-walk at the Macdonough
Theater "John" was introduced to the au
dience as "Mr. Hanhin." John is a fix
ture at Hanitin's, which is in close prox
imity to the Athenian Club, which em
braces several members of the Alliance,
therefore John is a necessity in more
ways than one, and Commander Gaskill
or President Morrroni will not walk with
half the rride that will cause John's
bosom to heave when he twirls the globe
at Los Angeles.
Up to 9 o'clock to-night about 120 berths
have been engaged.
In the car Salinas, will travel J. J. Hjani
fin, Thomas Crawford, Dr. Hamlin, C. D.
Bates. Ed Johnson, G. O. Kaufman, Dr.
Dorm, Dr. P. E. Pierce. E. F. Gove, A. W.
Baker, Chauncey Taylor, Henry Travers,
M. Campbell, Arthur Wilson, C. B. Par
cells, Elmer Dyer, Everett Ames, Cordes,
Champion, Wheaton, W. C. Wallace. R.
Lukins, Shinn, Brayton, Carlton. I
The car Los Gatos will carry O. W.I
Green, W. 8. Spaulding, E. L. Lawrence,!
E. C. Brayton, W. R. Wheaton, G. H.I
Allen, J. W. Harris, W. C. Jorgens, Bertl
BEY TO-DAT.
Woxbh aitd Wombw Ohct are most com-
petent to folly appreciate the parity, «weet-
neas, and delicacy of Cuticuxa Soap, and
to discover new uses for it daily. To cleanse,
purify, and beautify the ikin, to allay itch-
ing and irritation, to heal chafingg, excoria-
tions, and ulcerative weaknesses, nothing bo
pure, so aweet, so speedily effective as warm
baths with Cuticuka Soap, followed, when
neccesary, by mild applications of Cuticdiu
(ointment), the great ekin cure. *
Sold throughout the world. Pric«, Ccticiwa. Jjnc.t
Boap. 25c.; Risoltint, 30c, and (1. Pomi Dboo
AHt> Ciem. Cokp., Sole Proprietor*. Boston.
••■ " How to Product Luxuriant Hair," mailed free.
GEORGE P. MORROW, PRESIDENT OF THE* ALLIANCE.
Wadsworth, Gard Schotchler, C. T. Ro
dolph, J. J. Allen, R. F. Crist. Hart North,
W. R. Evans, Dr. Merriman, Arthur Pope,
W. J. Martin, W. S. Watson, G. T. Weed,
George Mason, A. G. Roberts, Harry
Hinckley, W. G. Henshaw, W. E. Hen
shaw, Victor H. Metcalf.
In tbe San Vicente will be: Charles A.
Bon, Eli S. Denison, S. M. Shortridge,
Peckham, C. E. Palmer, W. J. Schmidt,
C. E. Snook, A. P. Thwaites, R. J. Boyer,
Charles Babb, W. A. Bernheim, C. L.
Dietz, Lee, Bennett, A. R. Wilson, Georse
Stetson, Robertson, J. C. Wilson Jr., J. H.
Ames, J. Calewing, T. F. Mock, Phil
Reirillard, K. Watson, Griffith, W. B.
Standeford, G. W. Lamb, F. C. Young
bei£, John Mitche'l, C. H. McCormick, A.
OFFICERS OF THE ALLIANCE REPUBLICAN CLUB.
A. Moore Jr., L. L. Bromwell, F. E. Brig
ham, W. A. Mitchell.
The company in the Paso Robles will
be: V. W. Gaskil], W. C. Little, E. L. P.
Herrick, Sol D. Rodgers, L. P. Lemoge, T.
T. Dargie, G. H. Mason, G. Roberts, Es-an,
W. J. Pattison, J. G. McCall. Koser, J.
Pheoby, Thomas Pheoby, F. M. Smith, J.
Kooney. W. B. Coipman, H. N. Sloper,
Mulvaney, F. L. Farr, Phil Carlton, H. R.
Boynton, Matthews, G. Belcher, J. V.
Campbell. H. A. Tubbs, E. M. Hall Jr.,
F. E. Webb, C. A. Wethertan, Major
Frank McLaughiin, President George P.
Morrow.
. The Republican Alliance was organized
. on Sunday morning' August 3, 1884, in the
cellar of the cottage at 1424 Webster street,
then occupied by Alien Knight. It was
the successor to the Union League of 1880.
At. the first gathering there were present
the following, who are yet connected with
the club: Harry F. Gordan. Fred S. Strat
ton, F. E. Bigham and W. B. Hamilton.
The others at thaUmeeting were Allen
Knijjht, A. F. Coffin. C. O. Alexander,
John Lathrop. G. C. Pratt, A. P. Redding
and B. F. Stone. Xhere were forty-six
applications for membership at a meeting
held eight days later, making the charter
membership fifty-seven.
The first president was A. F. Cotfin and
the first commanderof the military branch
Colonel W. C. Little. At the bi-annual
election in 1886 R. H. Orton was elected as
president. He was succeeded in 1888 by
L. L. Bromwell, who was re-elected in
1890, 1892 and 1894. Colonel Little was re
elected to srcceed himself in bis depart
ment all this time and drilled the club
each year. Mr. Bromwell resigned in 1894
and Victor H. Metcalf as vice-president
completed the term.
This year George P. Morrow was chosen
to the presidency and Varney Gaskill was
elected to succeed Colonel Little.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 27, 1896.
The Alliance, with its globe and natty
uniforms, has been the feature of many
Republican demonstrations both about
the bay and the interior of the State.
They always travel by special train, and
turn out in great numbers. They have
been to Sacramento and San Jose several
times, and once to Stockton. They turn
out at all big gatherings in this city, Ala
meda and Haywards, and have been over
to San Francisco many times.
The trip to Los Angeles is the first of
such a distance and much interest has
been shown by all members. The drills
have been especially well attended and* as
a result the clubs will make a remarkably
fine showing when they appear Saturday.
They will leave Oakland mole at 7 o'clock
Friday night on what is known as "The
Alliance Special" and will be in Los Ange
les for breaKfast at 8 :30.
After a few hours for rest and sight
seeing the special will be run to Pasadena,
where the club will take part in the meet
ing to be held there at 1 o'clock. Follow
ing this the special will be run back to
Los Angeles in time to alow the members
to clean up and get dinner before going
out to take part in the great demonstra
tion being prepared for Saturday evening.
After the parade the club is to be ban
queted. Sunday is to be devoted to
rest and sight-seeing. Tbe start home will
be made at 6 o'clock and the train is to
arrive here so as to allow members to
reach San Francisco at 8:15 Monday
morning.
This morning Commander Varney W.
Gaskill issued his final orders to his com
rades. The concluding paragraph fairly
expresses the spirit of the Alliance. It is
as follows:
"Study, understand and p ractice all the
above instructions. They are the secrets
of a fine military appearance. The people
of Los Angeles and elsewhere expect great
things from the Alliance. We can easily
exceed every expect ation. Let us all co
operate to make the fame of the Alliance
as a crack military corps even greater than
it is."
YOUNG REPUBLICANS.
President Frank K. Spencer Detlv-
ers an Earnest Address on
the Silver Question.
The Young Men's Republican League
held an enthusiastic meeting in Justice of
the Peace Kerrigan's courtroom lastnieht.
There was a large attendance, and several
new names were enrolled.
President Frank K. Spencer delivered
George Hannifin, Mascot of the Repub
lican Alliance.
an earnest address on the silver question,
which he characterized as a side issue to
draw the attention of the masses away
from the real issue in the campaign, pro
tection against free trade. He declared
that the effervescence caused by Bryan's
Chicago address was being rapidly dis
pelled, and people were now rapidly re
alizing what free silver would really mean.
The tide was on the turn, and McKioley
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS-
>oo<>oooo^ooo<<>o<kh>o<k>^
Can't Turn
m 1 . /^. f\ V 3k *** CJ Jl^T Wm sf^ |H r 4Jy9 'gj3
IP* -A The ines'
f^<?~-*l ->Jf .**■ W ; I-7 The store keeps filling up
* -<f^=^f -* J^ * ./ \ " I '''-yJ- with greater crowds of buyers.
~V J^r^ ' ~^%j^ /1 t^>^M^ <\ There's a good reason, "We keep
\^=~r~~ r^- »'"NHK>...jii_ ii "^^ the ball of low prices rolling all
keep the ball rolling. the time." Neyer a stop, to pause
■-- ' -r ."•',•.-'" : . ,•■""'•'" .'• •'" t -' - / ' '.' ... would be to disappoint. CUT
PRICES on new Fall Goods. No better possible-best styles-plenty
to choose from. The boom grows.
Special Values in New Fall Dress Goods !
ALL-WOOL FRENCH SERGE, 45 inches 9 K>» FANCY CAMELS-HAIR DIAGONAL OQn 38-INCH BOUCLE NOVELTY, a black XQ p .
wide, good staple colors and black.. 6o\j SUITING, in green brown, navy, gar- &*J\j tufted stripe in garnet, olive, myrtle, Oi)\j
Special ; Yard ' net, etc., 38-inch. Special...! Yard . brown or navy.over plain ground ; special Yard
BLACK FRIEZE NOVELTY, a soft ©1 AA BLACK PEROLA CLOTH, large warp mo- CM KA, ■ FRENCH NOVELTY SUITING, a large leaf ffl-l n*>
: but very heavy fall creation, crepe effect, «pl.Ulf -; hair figures on plain black ground, 40- <?-»-•"" • scattered ; over a smooth hard finished $±.UO
; 42-inch.; 0urprice..;.......:........... Yard inch. Our price Yard ground, newest thing for fall, 44-in. Price Yard
Blanket Selling Extraordinary! Veiling, Riion-and Baby Fixings!
WHITE COTTON BLANKETS, 10-4 size, a good warm blanket. On QK n FANCY MESH VEILING, chenille dot, value 25c, all colors and IA.
sale f0r....... . . T. ...... *JO\j i black, 14 inches wide. On sale at ±\J\j
...1...... .".".'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.".'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'.' Pair ....'......... .*......" Yard
ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, "Hales Special," 72x84 inches, a©X AA BLA £ K CHENILLE ' D ,°T J o^™ 1 d p white lac *""*«• IKp
very heavy high-grade blanket, big size. A wonderful 0ffer. ..... .$ O.UU Tne most popular veil in the market. On sale 10 1
..:.:..................;......................... Pair '•"•••• , Each ,
' ■ - -^-r"""" . BLACK SATIN RIBBON, No. 60, just the thing for sashes, extra on,, 1
ALL-WOOL WHITE BLANKETS, the finest blanket any money can ©£ AA quality, luster finish. Onsale... t)UC
buy, 1 . 72x84 inches. We claim the best blanket values in the State. qJU.I/l/ • '.'....., ,'.'.'. Yard (
0urprice:..;......... — . .. ............ Pair , . . . . ... , _ — : — ,
'■.-;"■- _______ - BABY MOCCASINS, a whole raft of baby shoes, some of kid as softas (
ALL-WOOL GRAY BLANKETS, $5 grade— odd assortment of dj»O KA kid can be, in all colors, pointed toes some of them, the daintiest QK/» /
about 50 pair has accumulated. We will offer these to close at. «jJ)tl.Uy little conceits you can imagine. You can't help but find your ODC "i
.......... — .........;.......... .....V Pair want. Our assortment is wonderful. Prices from 73c to .'.. Pair
SATEEN COVERED COMFORTERS, filled with fine colored odor- ©1 9;? INFANTS' SLIPS, a most satisfactory line, all the newest little 9Kn 4
less pure white cotton, pretty colorings, value $1 75 each. On sale «P-L»-wt» fashions, of the softest muslin, lace and embroidery trimmed, £ju\j *
Each some not so fancy, all desirable and well made. Prices from $1;. Each <
P. (INCORPORATED), i
aNCORPORATBD),
937-943 -MC_^ltl_L_B 1 ! 1 STREET- : i
would, he felt satisfied,' be elected by a
triumphant majority.
A general discussion followed on Na
tional and local politics, in which most of
the members took part.
Arrangements for going into the new
headquarters are nearly completed, and at
next mek's meeting either there or in
Justice Kerrigan's courtroom "high jinks"
will be celebrated.
Swedish Republicans.
The Swedish-American Political Club
met last night at 909 Market street. The
new charter was to be discussed, but as
only a few copies of the charter had been
distributed, the club decided to take up
the discussion at some future meeting. A
package of campaign |literature was sent
from the Kepublican State Central Commit
tee and distributed among the members.
The next meeting will be held at the same
place September 9. The executive com
mittee will prepare for a mass-meeting to
be neld in Pythian CastJe, September 23.
The following were appointed as a com
mittee for the club's picnic, to be held at
Shell Mound Park, October 18: G. Peter
son, Aug Sjogren, J. P. S. Johnson, Aug
Peterson and Alfr Johnson. Owing to
inability to attend the meetings, President
A. G. Spencer sent in his resignation,
which was accepted.
Thirty-Fourth District.
Pursuant to a resolution adopted by the
Thirty-fourth Assembly District Republi
can Club the president, vice-president,
secretary and treasurer were made ex
officio members of the executive commit
tee, and the president was authorized to
appoint twenty-seven additional mem
bers.
In compliance with the resolution, the
president, F. J. Hurst, has announced the
«r-n Win S committee: Charles Mayer,
William Raisoh, Cord Wetjen, John
Lycett, George W. Elder, E. B. Smith, C.
V' t > i tt ' Geor F« A. Rutz. John H. Harney,
«r{ - Trum an, William Lowenberg, W. W.
Whan, D. J. Kelly, James Smiley, F. D.
Muhin, William Cashman, P. J. Code Jr.,
n T Z y i. Beasl ey, H. G. Krasky, F. L.
Griffith F. de la Fontaine, George Diet
terle, J. E. Elkington, E. I. Robinson, A.
Adams, 0. E. Fairfieid and D. B. Bowley.
Speeches and Cheers.
An enthusiastic and Well-attended meet
ing of the National Kepublican Club of
* n ® Forty-ttiird Assembly District was
held at California Hall.
Speeches were made by H- J. Hess,
Dawson Mayor, L. Titus. Colonel Roberts,
W. E. Henderson, H. C. Firebaugh and
Colonel C. L. Taylor. Tbe meeting closed
wlt J h three rousing cheers for McKinley
and Hobart. j
REASON MARCHING
TO MEN'S MINDS.
Protection to American In
dustries Is the Real
Issue.
FREE COINAGE OF IRON
What an Atlanta Man Has to
Say on That Absorbing
Subject.
MR. ESTEE'S GREAT SPEECH.
Lawyer Campbell Will Address the
Phoe-.iix Clnb— Saturday Night's
Great Events.
Friends of Morris M. Estee say that his
speech to be delivered at the Auditorium
next Saturday night will be the crowning
effort of his life.
The subject will be the two issues now
before the people, namely, "Protection to
American Industries" and "The Financial
Issue."
Mr. Estee has devoted considerable time
and research to the preparation of his
speech, and it will be printed as one of the
most valuable and effective documents on
the shelves of Republican campaign
libraries.
Seats in the gallery will be reserved for
ladies and their escorts.
THE IRON DOLLAR.
Arguments o f an Atlanta Man Fa-
voring Additional Free
Coinage.
An Atlanta man has written the follow
ing argument on the free coinage of the
iron dollar at the ratio of 16 to 1. The Re
publican State Central Committee of this
State intends to have it printed as a
campaign document:
The Demonetization of Iron.
Alexander P. Hull of Atlanta is a strong 16
to 1 man. He does not believe in half-way
measures. The free coinage of silver idea is
too tame for Him. He is willing to see the
silveritcs and go them 100 points better. Here
is his declaration, proposition and argument:
Having been deeply impressed with the ar
guments of Judge Crisp, Bryan, Stewart.
Jones and others, and especially grieved,
shocked and horrified by the "awful crime of
1873," as so luridly depicted daily in the col
umns of the Atlanta constitution and other
silver organs, I have changed my views on the
money question and am ready to maintain the
propositions iollowing in joint debate or news
paper controversy.
I accept the arguments ot the advocates of
silver and agree with their remedy, as far as
it goes. However, it does not go far enough.
Let us Have plenty of remedy— in fact, enough
to make debt and poverty things of tiie past,
relics of the, dark ages. I am in favor of the
free and unlimited coinage of pig iron at a
ratio of 16 to 1 with gold by the United States
alone, independently of all nations, and can
prove by the best authority that such a policy
on the part of the United States will "raise
prices," put plenty of money into circulation
and give the "honest debtor a chance to pay
his debts," thereby makiug the whole country
prosperous.
Now, in the first place, It may be urged by
some who do not understand the subject of
"standards of value," tnat a free coinage act
for iron would not raise its price to a ratio of
16 to 1 with gold. To them I reply that "the
stamp of this Government" and the "legal
tender qualities" of the iron dollar would in
stantly make the bullion value of pig.lron the
same as the mint value. "For who would part
with an ounce of this precious metal for any
thing less than the mint value?" (Stewart,
Jones, Bryan.)
Again, it may be urged that our mint would
be overcrowded with pig iron. I reply that
the price oi pig iron having been raised from
$7 50 a ton to a ratio of lt> to 1 with gold the
world over, "no one would especially care to
carry it to the mints, since the mint price
could be obtained anywhere in the open mar
ket" (Atlanta Constitution). Next it may be
urged that gold and silver might go out of cir
culation. I reply, first, "This is a mere
assumption of the tools of the money power,
which they cannot verify" (Atlanta Consti
tution). Second, "Suppose gold and siiver do
go out of circulation, is there not plenty of
pig iron to take their place and give the people
plenty of money?" (Bryan). And third, "Such
an assumption mixes the ideas of circulating
medium and standard of value. Gold and sil
ver would still be potential money metals,
though not in circulation, and would lend
their help toward raising prices and causing
general prosperity" (Crisp).
Then again, it may be urged against the
pig-iron standard of value that wages would
not rise in proportion to prices. The reply
is, "Wages will be compelled to rise since no
man would be fool enough to work for $1 a
day who could make $1000 per day by picking
up rusty nails and old horseshoes and carry
ing them to the mint for coinage" (Hull).
In addition it may be urged by the money
power, by the "'Wall-street sharks" and the
"Bond-street shylocks" that we do not alone
go on a pig-iron basis without an international
agreement. "To such dastards as dare to lay a
limit to the power of the American people to
do what they please, independently of all
nations, 1 hurl their cowardice and lack of
patriotism back to their faces" (Bryan).
The crime of demonetizing the iron took
place about 2200 years ago, when certain
"goldolators" and "silverites" in order to in
crease the purchasing power of their ill
gotten wealth, secretly, and "like thieves in the
night " got the demonetization act passed, re
pealing the good old coinage act of Lycurgus,
the "friend oi our ancestors' daddies." To
day China is the only country on earth honest
enough to coin iron, and there the happy
laborers can carry home the wages of their
honest toil in the wheelbarrow (Atlanta
Constitution).
A ruinous fall in prices followed the de
monetization of iron, and has continued for
upward of 2000 years. I have calculated the
loss entailed upon tne honest people of this
world by that ruthless act, and the figures are
so enormous I fear a revolution will ensue if
the people learn how greatly they have been
robbed. But the facts are facts, and the best
way to right a wrong is to meet it squarely.
The loss is $21,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,
--000,000,000 (Coin's Financial School).
In conclusion, I insist that the free coinage
of pig iron will do everything that is claimed
for silver, and infinitely more. The people
will be rich and prosperous. The once poor
man can Day his debts with his old stove.
Rail roaas can declare dividends on old rails
and worn-out rolling stock. The small boy
can pick up old nails and horse shoes enough
to support the family. In fine, poverty and
debt can no longer exist (Atlanta Journal).
Women's Republican Club.
The Women's Republican State Club
held its regular weekly meeting last night.
The ladies present bound themselves
under a tirm resolve that each would win
over one Democratic voter to ttie cause of
McKinley and protection before the day
of election.
It was decided that the badge of the
club should be worn by all the members
during their attendance at the club meet
ings: also that the McKinley and Hobart
button shall be worn by each member
from n6w until the 3d day of November.
Sixth District.
The McKinley Club of the Twenty-fourth
Senatorial District mat at Mowry's Hall
last evening, and received thirty-one new
members. A resolution was unanimously
adopted indorsing the leadership of J. D.
Spreckels, also indorsing William Sner
wood, the veteran employe of Wells,
Fargo & Co., for Supeivisor of the Twelth
Ward. Addresses were made by Chair
man Wells and Messrs. Adams, Blanch
ford and Kinne.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
aily. " Advertise now. Mysell Rollins,22 Clay. •
yg*. Shout
BEeSf/ U ill i i
Let the whole town know it. Things
are humming In the Rathjen stores.
SPECIALS FORThREE DAYS ::
FRENCH WHITE CASTILE 00l
Soap (Felix Eydoux), bar;... . - - ££<£,
Regularly 30c. H
SCHLITZ'S MILWAUKEE ©1 Df\
BEER .........doz. pints «j|H.DIJ
Regularly $1.55.
SCHLITZ'S MILWAUKEE ©O A A
8EER.. ..... . . ... doz. quarts W&»\)\)
. Regularly $2.35. ; . .; .
TEA................3«c; 31bs. <E»1 AA
; . Regularly 50c. «p±.vl/
WHOLE SINGAPORE PINE- IP,,
APPLE.......... 3-lb. can lOC
1 Regularly 25c. ... .
OLD PEPPER WHISKY n*> rt
; -...qtbot... • «>t»
Regularly $1.00.
{^"Special attention paid to country orders.
RATHJEN BROS.,
21 STOCKTON ST. NEAR MARKET.
, . ' Telephone Main 5522. '.
3253 FILLMORE ST.v COR. LOMBARD.
Telephone West 152.
WRITE FOR CATALOGUE. i
.-. ' . -■ ■ ' ■ ■ I ' l "t)- "'■■'
Our
Shoes /|i
You Shall Know Us. 4
Every Shoe that goes out of our Factory c»rrle«
oar reputation with it; we stand or fall by what
we sell. Loot 'i at a few of our store fall of bar*
sains in Ladies' Fin* Shoes:
Ladies' Fine Vlcl Kid Button Boots, patent
*'. tip, Needle, Opera and Yale toes 99.50
Ladles' Fine" yicl Eld Button Boots, patent t'_
" tip, doth top, Needle, Opera and Yale .*.'" .
; t0e5...... ...*.......... ...... ...........3. 50
Ladles' Extra Fine Vicl Kid Button Boots,
patent tip, all styles of t0e. ......... •3.041
Ladles' Extra Fine Vicl Kid Bat ton Boots,'
; cloth top, patent tip, all styles of toe. S3.OQ
Same style as above in Lace.
Big Shoe Factory, *
581-583 Market St.
: m ] : (NEAR SECOND).
Store closes «t 6:30 P. At. i Saturdays. 10 P. M,