VOLUME LXXX.-XO. 101.
STOCKTON'S
GATES AJAR
Crowds of Native Sons
and Daughters Enter
the City.
MET BY BANDS AND GAY
PROCESSIONS.
Visitors Marvel at the Superb
Accoutrement of Streets
and Dwellings.
UNBOUNDED HOSPITALITY TO
GUESTS.
Old Acquaintances Are Renewed and
the Era of Festivity
Begins.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Sept. B.— Stockton is
to-day the hostess city of the Golden
State. Her citizens, one and all, from the
Mayor to the humblest urchin that roams
the streets, have busied themselves in wel
coming the legion of strangers within her
gates. Henceforth "Stocktonian hospit
ality" will be a phrase accepted a.« syn
onymous with the most hearty, whole
souled neighborly entertainment man can
extend to man. At least it will mean that
to tho thousands who have to-day felt tne
clasp of the glad hand that the people of
the Mill City have so generously exteuded.
From early dawn, when a company of
Sonora's sons, arrayed in the picturesque
garb of the days of '49, and mounted on
burros, filed into town, to long past mid
night, when the last of the revelers who
participated in the parade sought their
beds, the city was in a state of feverish
excitement. Reception followed recep
tion; parlor after parior was welcomed,
and joyous greetings were exchanged be
tween old friends whose eyes had not
rested upon one another since last year in
Sacramento.
The first trainload of visitors to arrive
hailed from Amador County. There were
five cars in the train, all of them filled to
overflowing. A crowd, whose numbers
were twice those of the Native Sons and
Daughters and their friends, from the ad
joining county, waited at th« depot. As
is usual on such occasions the train was
late. The crowd, good natured and happy,
filled tne platform, overflowed into the
station and impeded the movements of
the baggagemen. Stocktons fair daugh
ters, who equaled in numbers their male
relatives in the crush, were annoyed at
the delay. Little feminine expressions of
vexaiion escaped them as they craned
their necks and strained tneireyes looting
for the longed- for train.
Of course me small boy had to get in his
little joke. When the crowd had become
almost resigned to a long wait a childish
treble piped, "Here she comes." Persons
who had secured comfortable seats on a
number of trunks scattered about iv front
of the baggage-room leaped hurriedly to
their feet. The ladies smoothed their
locks and tucked away stray wisps of hair
that straggled. Some inouired, "Is my
hat on straight?" while others made haste
to gather their traps. When everybody
was on the tiptoe of expectation and had
crowded forward to po:nts of vantage
the boy laughed merrily. "Now, she's
gone back," said he. Tnen he made him
seif scarce to escape annihilation.
The Steamers for Stockton. Laden With Enthusiastic Native Sons, Left in a Bunch Yesterday
From the City Front.
The San Francisco Call
San Francisco Native Sons Passing the Corner of Market and Mason Streets on Their March to the Ferries to Take
Their Departure for Stockton.
All things must have an end. Even a
delayed Soutbern Pacific train must ar
rive, so finally the Amador delegation : ot
in. They were greeted with cheers — three
times three, and a tiger. Escorted by the
Sixth Regiment band, the Sonora miners
and the reception committee, the delega
tion marched up town. At the head of the
parade a tall man wearing a wuite som
brero laboriously piloted a refractory
black bear cub. The applause with which
he was greeted seemed to nonplus little
bruin, and he tugged viciously at the rope
wtioh restrained him, varying the pro
gramme by occasional wild sallies in the
direction of the crowd that, thronged the
sidewalk. People laughed and scattered
and bruin ana his master had the street
to themselves.
The 1:10 o'clock train from San Fran
cisco, bearing the visitors from thM City
and from Antioch, arrived at 2:20 o'clock.
Fourteen day coaches and three Pullmans
discharged over 1000 people at the depot.
Again the miners, the reception committee
and the Sixth Regiment band came to the
front. The visitors were made welcome.
Most of them marshaled into line and
marched to the Courthouse, where the
parade broke up and the different parlors
repaired to their respective quarters.
STOCKTON AT NIGHT.
Visitors Marvel at the Beauty of the
Decorations.
STOCKTON. Cal., Sept. B.— To-night
Stockton is filling up with a rapidity that
makes glad the hearts of the avaricious
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
OUTPOURING OF STALWART YOUNG CALIFORNIANS.
letters of rooms. Prices have risen nntil
it costs $1 to think of a bed, $2 to look at
a bed or $3 to sleep in one. At 9 o'clock
the belated 8:30 train arrived. Twelve
crowded Pullmans and several day
coaches composed the train. Nearly
everybody aboard was from San Fran
cisco. The new arrivals were escorted
from the station to their quarters in the
courthouse, the nsual reception commit
iee m-mbers, all of w! ica carried torches,
making a torchlight parade of mammoth
proportions.
Oakland and Stanford parlors were sim
ilarly received, the flaring lights carried
by the marchers throwing strange and
fantastic shadows on the liberal decora
tions with which the principal streets are
festooned.
Too much praise cannot be given the
committee having in charge the decora
tions of the city. All the principal streets
are spanned by strips of red, white, blue
and yellow bunting, the carnival cofors.
Along the electric-car line incandescent
lamps of these four colors depend from
the stringers that support the trolley
wires. As far as the eye can reach down
the narrowing vista of the street the lamps
flash and gleam, their soft-shaded hues
bringing to the eye a sense of soothing
harmuny.
The great dome of the courthouse is
ablaze with the combined refulgence of
almost 1000 electric lamps. It is visible for
many miles and to the Knights of the
Golden Bear, who are hastening to this
city to honor the anniversary of the ad
mission of their State to the Union, it is
the beacon that warns them that they are
approaching their journey's end.
Long before the train readies Stockton
the great cone, shining like burnished
gold in a summer sunset, greets the eye.
The little cluster of lights which Bur
mounts the whole resembles a crown, and
is a fitting pinnacle to the mountain of
light beneath.
On the bank of the channel the electric
light company has erected a tower, which
is studded with lights of red, white, blue
and yellow. A number of business
houses have also put up electrical dis
plays. All tne stores are gayiy decorated
in tne prevailing colors.
In the window of one enterprising
firm's business-house is a life-sized grizzly,
whose glaring glass eyes frighten the chil
dren who stop to gaze upon it.
MUSIC AND RED FIRE.
Incomlngr Parlors Accorded Gal-
lant Demonstrations.
STOCKTON, Cal., Sept. B.— The streets
of Stockton were literally jammed to
night. The afternoon train from San
Francisco brought sixteen carloads of
visiiing natives and their friends, includ
ing 200 members of Antioch Parlor. They
were met at the station by the local par
lor, headed by the Sixth Regiment band,
and escorted to their quarters. With this
crowd in the city and the thousands who
have been coming here for the past few
days the number was augmented at 7
o'clock to-night by the arrival of the train
from Sacramento. It brought an im-
I mense number of natives from the Cap
ital City and other points, and so when
the throng gathered ai the railway station
to-night to witness the coming of the
special cars bearing Oakland and Stanford
parlors, ana of the torchlight procession
j that had been arranged to greet tho in
coming natives, the re was not a foot of
standing room about the depot or for
blocks along Main street.
The streets were brilliantly lighted by
electricity and near the railway station on
i Main street was a huge, illuminated sign,
j bearing words of welcome in eleotricity.
It was expected that the special train
would arrive shortly after 7 o'clock, but its
arrival was delayed until nearly 9.
Tne crowds waited patiently, however, the
band playing from time to time, and for a
half hour before tne arrival of Stanford
and Oakland parlors anvils were fired from
in front of tde railway station. As the
i train came in and car alter car passed
Main street, near the station, the throngs
on that street sent ap cheer after cheer.
Oakland .Parlor ha-i been prepared
to turn' out in parade, but owing to the
j death of youug Wilson, who was drowned
j while on the way to Stockton to partici
i pate in the celebration, it was decided not
ito march in regular procession. However,
several hundred of the members paradea,
i headed by the Presidio band, which after
ward gave a concert on the plaza.
The procession was headed by Marshal
! McNoble and his aids, C. L. Ortman,
I Frank Esnbach, Walter A. Morrissey, VV.
E. O'Connor, M. L. Cady, J. McCann, J.
W. Kerrick, George Bidwell and C. T.
Eckstrom. Stockton Parior No. 7 fol
lowed these, and at Main and American
streets, in front of Native Sons' Hall, the
local natives halted. There they were pro
vided with Roman candles, and as the
visiting natives marched down Main
street they passed beneath an arch of col
ored fire. When they reached the grand
arch on the plaza, which had been lighted
by electricity and calcium lights, the dre
worKs which had been prepared for the
occasion were Ret off, and the sky was
filled for an hour afterward with rockets
and bombs.
After passing under the arch and dis
banding on Weber avenue the members of
the visiting parlors went to their head
quarters in the Yosemite building. Many
of them attended the reception that was
given in the rooms of the general commit
tee. This was an informal affair, but was
very enjoyable. Steele's string orchestra
discoursed pleasing mu-ic, while the ladies
of Joaquin Parlor No. 5 served refresh
ments.
The Courthouse dome was a blaze of
light to-night, for, besides tbe 1000 col
ored incandescent lights on the dome,
every window of the big structure was
lighted, and the effect was strikingly
beautiful. Besides ihe lights within the
building and on the dome tbe strings of
Japanese lanterns about the edges of ti:e
main structure were lighted. Out El
Dorado stre t all the large residences were
illuminated, and from Main street to
North, a distance of over a mile, was one
continuous line of liguteu lanterns. In
the trees on many of the residences col
ored electric globes had been placed, and
the effect was wonderful, nothing like it
having ever been seen in this part of the
country before.
Numbers of the Naval Reserve arrived
here during (be day. More reached here
to-night, ;<nd ail will take part in the
street parade to-morrow morning and in
the water carnival at night. The regular
train from San Francisco, due here at
8:20 o'clock, did not get in until 10:55,
with fifteen coaches rilled with unattached
members of the Naive Sons and their
friends, Los Politis Parlor of Livermore
being the only organized parior on board.
It brought the Livermore band, and was
escorted to its headquarters in the same
manner &i the pariors coming earlier. The
local men turned out in force to receive
them, each man burning a stick of colored
fire, the colors being those of the car
nival committee — red, white, blue and
yellow.
The train that brought the largo con
How Some of the San Francisco Native Sons Looked as They
Left for the Stockton Carnival.
tingent fiom San Francisco reached here
shortly after 1 o'clock. The visiting na
tives were so tired that they were merely
escorted to the courthouse by the recep
tion committee and there disbanded, go- i
ing to their respective headquarters. The
streets were thronged witu spectators in
anticipation of the arrival of the San Fran
ciscans and the crowd was kept in good
humor by one of tne finest pyrotechnic
displays ever seen in this section. For
hours the sky was filled with rockets and
costly pieces of fireworks with which the
committee had arranged to entertain the
crowd and celebrate the arrival of the j
largest portion of the visiting natives.
There are many beautifully decorated
building! here, but the Commeicial Hotel j
is probably ths most lavishly and taste
fully decorated building in the city, with
the exception of the Courthouse.
This morning Policeman Quigler of San
Francisco, who is here on pleasure bent,
narrowly escaped being arrested. Quig
ley is proud of two things in this world;
one is his splendid physique, the other is i
his dog. This morning his desire to have j
both photographed in a fetching attitude ;
induced the policeman to pose on the !
steps of the paper mache statue in front j
of the grand arch. H sat at the feet of i
tbe statue, his eyes turned heavenward,
with the ilog on his lap. Artist Kohm,
wno designed the ti^ure, did not appre
ciate the languorous abandon of Quigley's
position, and neither was he slow to anger
when the weighty policeman broke
through the slight covering of the pedes
tal. Harsh words led to hard blows, and
only the intervention of friends pre
vented both being arrested.
The baaebail game at Good water Grove
this afternoon resulted in a victory for the
local team by a score of 7 to 5.
SAN FRANCISCO'S NATIVES
Animated Scenes on Their March j
to the Ferry.
The Native Sons' of San Francisco
started for Stockton literally in a blaze of
glory last evening. Rockets and red fire
illuminated their march down Market
street and thousands of citizens iined the
Continued on Fifth Paae.
PRICE FrVE CENTS.
ADDING TO
THE TAXES
San Francisco Assessment
Increased Twenty
Per Cent.
CHESEBROUGH PROTESTS
IN VAIN.
Equalizers Arnold, Beamer and
Morehouse Vote for the
Raise.
OTHER COUNTIES ARE LET OFF
EASILY.
Five Per Cent Added to the Alameda
Roll— The State Rate Fixed
at 429
SACRAMENTO. Cal., Sept. B.'— The
State Board of Equalization has raised the
assessment roll of San Francisco 20 per
cent. It' claims there was no other course
for the board to pursue. In vain the mem
bers requested San Francisco authorities
to appear before them and show why the
assessment should not be increased. Their
summons was ignored, and the mass of
evidence in the possession of the board
justified it, say the Equalizers, in making
the raise.
The members of the board claim that,
after careful consideration of the values
returned by the County Assessors through
out the State, tbe assessments of at least
five out of the nine cited to appear before
them were too low in comparison with the
other counties of the .State, and they also
claim that San Francisco's assessment was
the lowest of all, in comparison with its
monetary interests.
At the opening of to-day's session,
Equalizer Beamer moved to begin pro
ceeding by considering the assessment of
San Francisco County. Chesebrou^h im
mediately secured the floor and said that
ha did not purpose making rurther de
fense for his county. He thought he had
made all the defense necessary and did
not wish to take up more time. Sut Fran
cisco, he said, had come before the board
with an increase over last year's assess
ment and he thought her roll should be
allowed to stand as returned by the Audi
tor. He declared that he had done all
that he could for San Francisco County,
and moved that the board accept the Audi
tor's returns from all counties as the
properly assessed valuation of the counties.
Coigan seconded the motion, and Ar
nold said he thought there was a
motion before the house already in
relation to San Francisco. Beamer
had moved to take it up, he said,
and he had seconded the motion. Beam
er's motion was then put and carried, Ar
nold, Beamer and Morehouse voting aye,
and Colcan and Chesebrougn no.
Che«ebrouj?h then moved to pass San
Francisco, and this motion was lost Dy the
same vote.
Arnold moved to raise San Francisco's
assessment 25 per cent. He explained
that he did thi* because he thought that.
Last and always advertised as a true blood
purifier, the most wonderful cures on rec-
ord are made and the greatest sales won by
Sarsaparilla
The best— ln fact tne One True Blood Purifier
flOOd S KHIS wit h Hood's Strs&p&rUla2
inasmuch as Los Angeles bad appeared
before the board with a raise oi 30 per
cent, San Francisco should do as much.
It had increased its roll about 5 per cent,
and if his motion was carried he thought
it would equalize matters between the two
counties.
Chesebrough remarked that the roll of
Los Angeles County had been increased
because its Assessor had promised the
board to do so last year. He thought the
raise was pretty big, and did not think it
fair to aliow Los Angeles to set the pace
for San Francisco.
There was no second to Arnold's mo
tion, and Beamer moved to raise San
Francisco 20 per cent. This was seconded
by Moretwuse and the motion was carried.
AyeA ye8 — Arnold, Beamer, Morehouse.
Noes— Chesebrough, Colgan.
Beamer then moved to raise Alameda
County 10 per cent, but there was no sec
ond, and Arnold moved to raise it 5 per
cent, saying that this, he thought, would
bring it on a par with Los Angeles. More
house seconded the motion and it was car
ried. Arnold. Beamer and Morehouse
voted aye, Colgan voted no, and Chese
brough refused to vote.
Arnold moved to decrease Monterey 5
per cent. Colgan raised the point that 5
per cent amounted to so little that it was
scarcely worth the time and trouble of
figuring ihe rolls. Morehouse seconded
Arnold's motion.
Ayes— Arnold, Beamer, Morehouse, Col
gan.
Noes — Chesebrough.
Beamer next moved, to raise Sacramento
10 per cent. Morehouse said that Sacra
mento's total was $33,000,000. Of this
about $3,000,000 was for business property
along J and X streets. With the excep
tion of the business property Sacramento
was well assessed and he thought it would
be hard to raise the whole county 10 per
cent in order to get the business property
up to nearer its true value. As there was
no second to Beamer's motion Arnold
moved to raise Sacramento s percent. This
was seconded by Morehouse.
Ayes— Arnold, Beamer, Chesebrough,
Morehouse.
Noes — Colgan.
By the same vote San Bernardino
County was raised 5 per cent.
Chesebrough then successively moved
to raise Butte and Solano counties, but
could get no seconds. He then moved to
raise Santa Clara 10 per cent, which was
amended by Arnold to 5 per cent and the
amendment carried, Arnold, Beamer and
Morehouse voting aye and Chesebrough
and Colgan voting no.
San Diego County was decreased 5 per
cent by unanimous vote of the board.
A motion to reconsider Alameda was
carried, but resulted in no change of the
raise of 5 per cent.
A motion to reconsider San Diego was
carried, and on final action its assessment
was reduced 10 per cent, Morebouse, Col
gan and Arnold voting aye and Beamer
and Chesebrough no.
Chesebrough moved to increase San
Jiateo 10 per cent. The county had been
cited before the board, and there was no
second to the motion.
The board adjourned to give the secre
tary time to figure up the rate of the tax
levy, and half au hour later this was an
nounced as 42.9. Without increases by
the board the levy would have been 2 cents
higher than this.
The board's action has increased the
total assessed property of the State $74 -
113,818.
WHAT IT MEANS.
San Francisco Must Pay Taxes on $64,
-481,478 of Increased Valuation.
The raising of the total valuation of San
Francisco property 20 per cent means that
the citizens of this City must pay taxes on
$64,481,476 more than Assessor Siebe found
to assess.
Accordine to the figures as they were es
tablished by the Board of Supervisors
after the Assessor was through with them
the total valuation of taxable property in
this City for City and State purposes was
$357,586,126, but as it now stands the City
must pay on $422,067,604. The real-estate
roll of $275,334,295 is raised to $330,401,154,
and the personal property roli oi $47 073 -
097 to $56,487,716. There is $35,178 734 in
personal property and real estate exempt
from the raise.
By these figures, if the State rate is the
same as last year, San Francisco must
bear an additional burden of about $350,
-000 to assist in paying State expenses.
Assessor Siebe was a pretty angry man
when seen last evening in regard to the
raise and expressed himself lreely on the
subject.
"It looks to me as though this was a
move on the part of the railroad com
pany, through its friends Morebouse and
Beamer," he said, "for the railroad will
benefit most by this unwarranted raise.
"This is an injustice that it is hard to
speak too strongly about. In spite of
hard times and depression in values we
raised valuations about $30,000,000 over
last year, and even leaving out the
amount assessed to the banks and claimed
by them to be exempt the increase
amounts to $24 000,000, yet we are raised
over $64,000,000 more simply because if
San Francisco is given a big raise the
State rate will be lower. The larger por
tion of the railroad property is outside of
San Francisco. We assessed this City
with more than usual care this year and I
do not think the valuation should be
raised one dollar, much less $64,000,000."
Auditor Broderick was also indignant
when he heard through a telegram irom
Sacramento that the valuation of San
Francisco property had been given such a
heavy raise.
"Well, ttie job went through this time
where it failed at others," he said, "and
those who expect to made capital by
saddling a bin slice of tue State expensed
on San Francisco have had their way.
"It looks to me as though some of those
people at Bacramento were afraid that the
State would not eet all of its money out of
San Francisco, in spite of the fact that,
leaving out all doubtful assessments, our
total valuation was over $20,000,000 more
than last year.
"It appears as though the whole thing
rested with Arnold of .Los Angeles, and
that he was not there when wanted.
"This will work a big hardship on many
poor people in this City, wnose property
to-day is not worth a dollar more than it
is assessed for, and who will be badly
crowded to pay 20 percent more than they
are already assessed."
"I am simply astonished," said Super
vieor Taylor, chairman of the Finance
Committee, "that the State Board of
Equalization should have dared to put
this outrage on San Francisco. Valua
tions, except in a few instances where the
Assessor's figures were very materially al
tered, were fully as much as they should
have been, and the States portion at tne
rate that was established last year would
have been $150,000 greater than last year.
"I supposb there is no way out of it
now, and we will have to ray a good por
tion of the State's expenses."
"Become* Bishop of Washington.
PORTLAND, Ob., Sept. B.— Right Rey.
Edward J. ODea was to-day consecrated
Bishop of Washington, at Vancouver,
Wash. The consecrator was Archbishop
Gross, metropolitan of the ecclesiastical
province from Portland, assisted by
Bishops Glorieux, Brondel and Lemmens.
About 100 priests from Oregon and Wash
ington were present.
Salaries to Be Reduced.
TACOMA, Wash., Sept. B.— lt Is under
stood, though not officially announced,
that salary reductions, runnine from 10 to
30 per cent will soon go into effect among
\ie 10,000 employes of the Nortbera Pa
cific Railway. Two reductions have been
made since the road went to receivers'
bands. Under the reorganization it is ap
parent that President Winters intends to
make the property pay. Already, with
that end in view, several high-salaried
offices have been abolished and others
co sol ed j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^m
Fruit Pe*t Landed at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. B.— Apropos of
the establishment of a Japanese steamship
line between Seattle and the Orient Alex
ander Craw of San Francisco, entomologist
and quarantine officer, has written to J. I:
Cass, secretary of the Washineton Btate
Board of Horticulture, that the steamship
Mi ike Maru, which arrived in port from
Yokohama a few days ago, had as part of
its careo two Japanese plants "badly in
fested with the destructive scale Diaspis
Janatus," said to be most destructive to
fruit and horticultural interests. Craw
concludes: "Tha arrival of those steamers
in your Btate is a source of danger and
yon should have a good quarantine officer
stationed there to examine all planta and
trees."
Affray Xear Henicla.
BENICIA, Cal., Sept. B.— The steamer
Dauntless, en route to Stockton from San
Francisco, carrying about 500 passengers,
was in possession of a few hoodlums
to-night. Between ban Francisco and
Benicia a row occurred between seven
white men and a number of Chinamen,
resulting in the serious if not fatal injury
of a Chinese foreman and the fatal injury
of William Lennox, an employe of the 3.
H. Crocker Company of San Francisco.
Athore Xenr Vancouver.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 8. — The
Union Steamship Company's steamer
Comox, bound for the north, whicn put
Dack yesterday owing to very dense fog,
started out again tnis roorn'ine, but ran
ashore in the narrow approach to the
harbor. The passengers were taken off.
The Comox is in a dangerous position.
Heath from. Heat at Freano.
FRESNO, Cai.., Sept. B.— J. Wood, aged
64 years, was overcome by the heat while
picking grapes at W. B. Butler's vineyard
this afternoon. He was removed to" the
County Hospital, where he died an hour
later. Wood came from San Francisco.
The Artetnus Arrive* at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. B.— The three
masted German bark Artemus, cement
laden, from Hamburg to Seattle, was towed
into port to-day. It encountered a hurri
cane and was from April 21 to May 11 in
rounding Cape Horn.
PACIFIC GROVE'S GUESTS
California Methodists Gather to
Confer on Questions
Spiritual.
Temperance Raiiy Followed by a
"Camp Fire" of Army
Veterans.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., Sept. 8.-The
Caliiornia Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal church will begin its annual
session here at 9 o'clock to-morrow morn
ing. Many clergymen and their families
are here, andj at present the number of
people attracted by the conference bids
fair to exceed tnat of last year.
Bishop C. D. Foss of Philadelphia, who
will preside over and direct the conference,
is here. He has presided at over 120 con
ferences.
■ To-night the conference temperance an
niversary was held. The Methodist
Church was crowded to the gallery, and
very fervent were the ameus that respond
ed to the points and periods of the speak
ers. The principal address was delivered
by Rev. S. J. Carroll, D.D., of East Oak
land. He expressed great confidence that
the church would ultimately triumph
in the fight against the saloon. Another
address was delivered by Rev. F. D.
Bovard, D.D., of Alameda on ''The Anti-
Saloon League." This is a new temper
ance organization which was indorsed by
the last general conference of the church.
After the temperance rally there was a
"camp" fire in the church, at which most
of the large audience remained. The
Army Veterans' Club of the conference
holds a reunion at each annual session.
The membership of the club is composed
of ministers and laymen who were soldiers
in the late Civil War. About thirty
veterans sat on the pulpit.
The following was the programme:'
Opening address, Comrade E. R. Dille, I
president; "The Soldier in His Teens,
Comrade Eli McClish; "The Martial
Spirit of Methodism," Comrade E. D. Me-
Creary; "The Loyal Women During the
Late War," Mrs. Comrade G. D. Kellogg.
The active committee in connection with
the camp tire was Comrades A. T. Need
ham, W. F. Warren and Jan.es Williams.
The camp fire was followed by a collation
to invited guests only.
. *
COACHING PARTY DISASTER.
Six Person.* Killed and Four Sadly
Hurt by an Upset.
WARSAW, IND.. Sept. B.— One of the
worst accidents that ever took place in
this part of the country occurred this
afternoon. A party of fifteen Warsaw
people were out on a coaching party when -
the horses suddenly shied on a sidehill
road and overturned the vehicle, whicn
first spilled off those on top and then
rolled over them.
Of those on the coach six were killed
and four were badly hurt. Assistance
was given as soon as possible and the
injured cared for. The extent of their
injuries cannot yet be told, but it is feared
that at least one of them will die.
Death of a World- Famed Banker.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. B.— George
Mooney, who had b<»en a prominent Ceure
in banking and business circles both in
this country and in England, died of
pneumonia last night at his residence in
this city. He came to the United States
about for y years ago.
Mitchell let in the Ring.
LONDON, Eng., "Sept. 8. — Charlie
Mitchell has written a Jetter to Sporting
Life, in which he says that he will sbortlv
revisit the United States to a>rain attempt
to secure the boxing cnampionßhip of the
world.
Killed by the Turks.
ATHENS, Greecb. Sept. B.— lt is offi
cially slated that a number of Armenian
refugees who were passing through Scutia.
Albina, were attacked by Turks and
twenty of them killed.
The Khalifa Not Dealt,
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 8. — Advices that
have reached here from the Soudan show
that the report of the death of Khalifa
Abdullah, the leader of the Madhists, was
untrue.
Knew the Seu*ations.
"The sensations of one who has been
buried almost alive must be horrible,"
she said with a shudder, as she put aside
the newspaper she had been reading.
"Indeed they are," he returned, with
great earnestness.
She looked at him in surprise.
"What do you know about it?" she
asked.
"I've been through it all," he answered.
"You have!" she exclaimed.
"Yes. I once Jived in a boom town for
six months after the boom burst,"—Chi
cago lost.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
WORDS, WORDS BY
WILLIAM BRYAN
Busy Day of the Nebraskan
After His Return to
Lincoln.
NOTIFIED BY SILVERITES
Accepts the Nomination on Be
half of Himself and
Sewall.
NEW ARGUMENTS ADVANCED.
Peculiar Attempt to Justify Republi
cans in Bolting the Sc. Lou s
Convention.
LINCOLN, Nebk., Sept. B.— The National
silver party, through its regularly ap
pointed committee to-night, formally
notified William J. Bryan of his nomina
tion by its convention at St. Louis. The
ceremonies attending the notification were
in strong contrast to those with the meet
ing at Madison-square Garden last month,
when Mr. Bryan and Sewali were officially
informed that they were the choice of the
Chicago convention. Instead of the
spacious auditorium with its boxes and
galleries, to-night's function took place in
the open air on the plaza and lawn iv
front of Nebraska's State Capitol building.
With the exception of those seated In a
few score of chairs on the speaker's plat
form and directly In front of it, all the
audience was standing. The only thing
in common with the Madison-square meet
ing was the heat, which while not nearly
of the intensity of that in New York on
the night of August 12, coming after a
cool spell was sufficient to be uncomfort
able.
The big electric light above the stand
developed a plague of pestiferous bugs,
much to the discomfort of the members of
the notification committee and the others
gathered on the stand. But the most
marked difference between to-night's cere
monies and those in New York was the
fact that Mr. Bryan did not read his
speech in answer to the information for
mally given by the committee of the Sil
ver party. He made a speech neither long
nor short, without the aid of notes, and
was frequently applauded.
Lincoln's appreciation of Mr. Bryan's
second visit home since bis nomination
'vas shown by indefatigable parading of
free-silver clubs. The display of fireworks
and frequent exercise of lung power
through tin horns and the good old-fash
ioned yell. A big crowd received the can
didate on his arrival from Chicago this
morning, and he was escorted to his home
by brass bands and campaign organisa
tions. There were more brass bands and
a larger number of marching clubs in a
parade that accompanied Mr. Fryan later
in the day to the State Hen ;e, where a
good-sized audience assembled to hear him
deliver a political address.
To-night a t.ird parade occurred, and
flambeau clubs aiid organizations of
mounted men bearing transparencies and
torches and firing skyrockets and Roman
candles gave vent to their political enthu
siasm in a way that bordered on delirium.
It was 9 o'clock before the first of the
flaring flambeaus heading the candidate's
escort were spied by those at the Capitol
as their bearers turned into Fifteenth
street, the thoroughfare leading to the
stand.
Twenty minutes later Mr. Bryan ap
peared on the platform and the crowd in
creased with great rapidity after the pro
cession was under way, and cheered him
repeatedly as his well-known figure was
recognized. The space in front of the
stand and for several hundred feet was
black with people. Norris Humphrey of
Lincoln called th 9 assemblage to order,
and in a few words presented George A.
Groot of Ohio, chairman of the committee
appointed by th* National Silver Conven
tion to notify Mr. Bryan of his nomina
tion by that body. The other mem
bers of the notification committee and
their alternates, a number of whom were
present, are: R. H. Walker, A'abama; F.
J. Moffitt, W. Pardy, California; J. H.
Brown, C. G. Litzer, Colorado; A. Troup,
Connecticut; H. B. Hedson, Delaware; C.
C. Strong, S. S. Biddison, Illinois; M. A.
Costello, W. Gregg, Indiana; C. C. Cole
H. White, Iowa; J. W. Fitzgerald, E. Har
rington, Kansas; J. B. Hendricks, Ken
tucky; C. R. Darby, J. F. Moylan, Mary
land; B. 0. Fowler, Massachusetts; H. E.
Light, J. H. Maginley, Michigan; C. A.
Towne, 8. B. Howard, Minnesota; F. W.
Fowler, Missouri; C. G. Bradshaw, G. D.
Thomas, Montana; C. R. Scott, W.
H. Lincoln, Nebraska; W. i. West
ertieid, Nevada; W. R. Fleming,
J. McCullough, New Jersey; J. H. Pier
son, J. H. Midlands, North Carolina; W.
W. Bentley, L. F. Dow, North Dakota; H.
A. Shoup, G. W. Moore, Ohio; F. Clarno
N. F. Williams, Oregon; A. 8. Dulin, E.
S. Mullen, Pennsylvania; C. A. Jewett,
South Datota; F. Keller, Texas; R. Mc-
Intosh, H. F. Bartine, Utah: — Battell,
Vermont; J. E. Cogswell, A. J. Stofer Jr.,
Virginia ; G. W. Thompson, J. R. Mc-
Bride, Washington; 1. C. Ralfsnyder, B.
Butcher, West Virginia; H. H. Hoard, R.
E. Douglass, Wisconsin; H. J. White,
Arizona; J. E. Gibbons, Indian Territory;
H. Kilburn, J. D. Rhodes, District of
Columbia.
After talking for an hour in support of
tree coinage Mr. Groot concluded as
follows?
The Sliver party In convention assembled
adopted a platform which presents the issues
involved in this campaign more clearly and
definitely and cogently than any other plat
form that has been presented to the people.
The platforms of these different parties and
the discussions, pui.lic and private, that are
now going on in this country upon the money
question, ihe only one that is involved In this
campaign, clearly indicate that the peopie are
beginning to understand that question and
that they propose this year to asr-ert their
political independence of all political organi
zations and political bosses and vote in their
own interest and in the interest of good gov
ernment, and stamp out the "British gold
standard" in this country, root and branch.
Turning to Bryan Mr. Groot said:
Hon. William Jennings Bryan: The National
Silver Convention with a uuanimity unex
ampled In the history ot National conventions
In this country, nominated you as tho candi
date of the National silver party for the dis
tinguished office of President of (be United
States. You are now the candidate for the
great office of President of three great political
parties, of which the Silver party Is not the
least.
The convention selected a committee to
formally notify you of its action, and thatcom
mittee conferred upon me the distinguished
honor of advihins you of your nomination as
the candidate of the National Sliver party for
office as President of the United States. We
are met, therefore, at this time and place for
the purpose of performing the pleasant duty
imposed upon us by the convention. 1 there
fore, in obedience to the wishes ot the com
mittee of that convention, hereby formally
notify you that you have been nominated by
the National Silver party as its candidate for
I'resident. and request that you accept that
nomination in the same spirit in which it has
boon tendered you.
You ure now the chosen commander of a
grand army composed of three grand divisions
vvliich is now mobilizing for the purpose of
fighting in behalf of humanity on November
3, 1890, the most important political battle of
this or of any other age; a battle which is to
determine whether this Nation shall be a
province of Great Britain and be governed
and controlled as that nation is by the money
barons of Europe or whether it shall be as the
fathers intended it to be, a Iree and independ
ent and sovereign nation.
The people who constitute that grand army,
Inspired as they are by the noblest sentiments
of patriotism, under your leadership will,
there can be no doubt, on that day Ift high
their banners in triumph over tUe defeated
allied hosts of plutocracy.
It was 10:20 o'clock when Mr. Groot con
cluded and Mr. Bryan began his speech.
He said;
Mr. Chairman, chairman ofjthe notification
party and members of that committee: I beg
to reply at this time without the formality of
a letter. The platform adopted by the silver
convention contains but one plank, and that
plank, the plank upon the money question or
upon the silver question, is identical in sub
stance with, the silver plank of the Chicago
platform. As I have already discussed at
length that plank and it will not be necessary
to enter into any extended discussion at this
time, 1 beg to as-ure the committee that I ac
cept the nomination so generously tendered
by them on behalf of the Silver party in the
spirit in which that nomination was pre
sented. [Cheers.] I can appreciate tne feel
ing which animated those who assembled in
that convention, I can appreciate the hesita
tion in which they assembled there and turned
their backs upon the party with which they
had been associated.
I know something of the strength of the
parties, because I was In a position where
I looked forward to a possibility of like action
on my own part. I can appreciate the depths
of a conviction that led mem to place the in
terests of their country above the welfare of
their party. [Long cheering and shouts of
"Good/] More than a year ago, when we
were engaged in a struggle to bring the Demo
cratic party to an indorsement of free coinage,
the question was cut to me whether, in case
of failure, I would support the Democratic
nominee if he were on a gold standard plat
form. I never believed that such action was
probable In the Democratic party, but when
those who questioned me were not content
with probabilities, but asked again whether
in the case of that event I would support the
nominee I said, as you will remember, that
under no circumstances wo,uld my vote be
eiven to the man who would In the executive
office use his influence to fasten the gold stand
ard upon the American people. [Great cheer
ing.]
My convictions upon this subject are not
shallow oonvictions. I may be in error, my
friends; none of us can claim infallibility.
But we have experience of history to guide us
and our judgment and our consciences, and I
stand where the members of the silver conven
tion stood. I would rather have the approv
al of my conscience than the applause of the
entire earth. I may be In error, but I believe
that the gold standard is a conspiracy against
the human race, [Cheers.]
I would no sooner join the ranks of those
whose purpose is to fasten that upon the
people than to enlist in an army that was
marching to attack my home and kill my
family. [Renewed cheering.] I can say,
therefore, that I can appreciate the spirit
which animated those who have just tendered
me this second nomination, and I can there
fore accept it in the spirit in which they pre
sent it. And I pledge them that if elected
they shall never nave cause to accuse me of
being false to that trust. [More cheering.]
My friends, when I declared that I would
not support a gold standard candidate I was
standing upon the history of the Democratic
party. I was defending its principles as well
as the interests or the country at large. And
when these Republicans who assembled in the
silver convention at St. Louis refused to
worship the golden image which their party
had set up they were defending the history of
the Republican party. [Applause] The Re
publican platform of 1883 denounces the
Democratic administration for having at
tempted to degrade silver. And in 1891 on
the 11th day of February in Memorial Hall at
Toledo. Ohio, on the Lincoln day bauquet, the
present candidate for President upon the Re
publican ticket used the words which 1 shall
now read to you. I have found these words
published in a Toledo paper, and they have
been published so long without correction
that we may safely assume that he was cor
rectly reported. If he shall deny the correct
ness of this report I shall hasten to do him
justice by retracting these words. These are
the words which he is said to have used :
"During all of Grover Cleveland's years at
the head of the Government he was dishonor
ing one of our precious metals, one of our own
great products— discrediting silver and en
hancing the price of gold. He endeavored
even it-fore his Inauguration to office to stop
the coinage of silver dollars, and afterward
and to the end of his administration persist
ently used his power to that end. He was de
termined to contract the circulating medium
and demonetize one of the coins of commerce,
limit the volume of money among the people
make money scarce and therefore dear. He
would have Increased the value of money and
diminished the value of everything else—
money' the man , everything else the sei
vant." [Great cheering.]
Following these same lines the Republican
Convention in 1*92 declared at Minneapolis
that the American people, from tradition and
interest, were in favor of bimetallism. [A
voice, "That's so.] That is the language in
1892 that the American people, from tradition
ana interest, are In favor of bimetallism.
Have traditions changed In four years? [A
voice. "No."] Have interests cnanged In four
years? [A voice, "No."] No, my friends, and
yet, forgetting the platlorinof 1830, forgetting
the denunciation uttered by their distin
guished leader in 1891, forgetting the plat
lorm of 1892, the Republican party in conven
tion assembled declared that the Amer.can
people must forego the advantages of the bi
metallic system to which tradition and inter
est indorsed them until foreign nations should
bring these advantages to them. [Applause 1
It is not'strange that men who had looked lor
bimetallism in the Republican puny should
have given up hope and turned elsewhere for
relief.
These Republicans cannot be criticized for
leaving the Republican party. They have done
what every American citizen has a right to do.
They have done better than our Democratic
advocates of the gold standard have done, be
cause these Republicans when they left the
party joined with those who had a chance to
succeed, while our Democratic advocates of the
gold standard sought to secure the election of
a Republican, McKlnley, by nominating a
Democratic candidate. [Cries of "That's so."]
To show you that the action of these Republi
cans is defended by experience and by exam
ple, let me carry you back to the period just
preceding the war. If you will turn to a book
recently published, entitled "John .Sherman's
Recollections" [laughter], you will find on page
112 of the first volume a portion of a speech
which he delivered in Congress in 1856. Let
me read this extract:
"I am willing to stand by the compromises of
1820 and 1850; hut when our Whig brethren
of the South allow this administration to lead
them off from their principles, when they
abandon the position which Henry Clay
would have taken, forget his name and
achievements and decline any longer to carry
his banner, they lose all their claims on me.
And I say now that until this wrong is righted,
until Kansas is aamitted as a tree State, I
cannot act in party association with them."
There was the distinguished Senator from
Ohio asserting to the people of this country
upon the floor of Congress that he was willing
to accept compromise after compromise, but
that the time bad at last come when he could
go with them no longer; that until certain
things were accomplished he could not act
with them. The situation to-day is but a repe
tition of history. Compromise after compro
mise has been submitted to by these silver Re
publicans in the hope that the party of their
choice and love would a: last bring to the
people the relief which they desired.
But the Republican party, as in 1856,
has been led eff by another administration,
until it has deserted its traditions and its
platform, and these Republicans have a right
to say to their Republican associates, "We will
go with you no longer until this Nation is re
deemed." [Applause.]
We do not ask those who present this nomi
nation to pledge their future services to the
Democratic party. The same intelligence
which directs them to-day In the discharge of
this duty will be with them four years from
now to direct them then In the discharge of
the duties that will then arise. The same
patriotism that leads them to-day in what
they do will be with them four years from now
to guide and direct them. We trust them now,
we shall trust them then. The Democratic
party has proven itself worthy of their, confi
dence to-day and it receives their support. ; If
four years from now it proves unworthy of
their confidence it should not then have their
support. [Applause and cries of "That's
rleht; that's the way to talk."]
The chairman of the notification committee
has told you that we have to meet to-day a
great money trust. He is right We are con
fronted to-day by the most gigantic trust that
has ever been formed among men. Talk about
trust In various articles which we produce!
My mend*, all these trusts together tall Into
insignificance when compared with the money
trusts which has its bands upon our country.
[A. voice: "Thai's so."] Place the control of
the standard money of the world in the hanas
of ft . lew great financiers and times will be
good for them, no matter what distress may
overtake the rest ot mankind. I believe that
John G. Carlisle did not exaggerate the truth
when he said: "The consummation of this
scheme menus more of misery to the human
race than all the wars, pestilences and famines
5" ever occurred in the history of the world."
lit rtoes not stand appalled before misery
like that? Who among you is willing to be a
partner in a Conspiracy that has for its object
the consummation of that scheme? [A voice—
nobody."] It is against the consummation
01 this scheme so eloquently, and so forcibly
described that the sliver Republicans have
ar . 1! : cn LvL v protest. I respect the convictions
which have led them. I thank you for the
support which they have tendered and all that
iOIIIIIITBITIW*nTTffTB' ifiirWiTTrrrniii — r rrrf 1 n i
I can promise Is that I shall, to the best of mv
ability, endeavor to prove worthy of their con
fidence. [Applause.]
After Mr. Bryan concluded Mr. fiarrin?
ton of the notification committee notified
him of Mr. Sewall's nomination and the
Presidential candidate made a brief re
sponse, accepting in behalf of his running
mate.
AN AFTERNOOM CRATION.
Bryan Talk* About the Rule of Trusts
and Syndicates.
LINCOLN, Nbbk., Sept. B.— ln the after
noon a mass-meeting was held in front of
the State Capitol building. A parade
composed of Bryan flambeau clubs, free
silver clubs, some in uniform and some in
plain dres3, and floats bearing free silver
devices were in attendance. The parade
formed at City Hall square and escorted
Mr. Bryan to the Staie House. He -rode
with Mrs. Bryan, Lawrence Humphrey,
chairman of the local reception commit
tee, and George A. Groat, chairman of the
National Silver Notification Committee.
As the head of the procession neared the
Capitol grounds a salute was fired by a
volunteer battery. The stand from which
Mr. Bryan spoke bad been erected on the
north front of the State Eouse.
It was covered with bunting, and the
walls of the building were also decorated.
A large photograph of the Democratic
nominee above the platform was rivaled
by many little photographs of McKinley
and Hobart, which some of the Repub
lican State officeholders had placed in the
windows of their offices and then gone
away after locking the aoors, Among
those who had seats on the stage were
John A. Creighton of Omaha, John I.
Martin of Missouri, who was se>-geant-at
arms of the Democratic National Conven
tion, Governor Hoicoinb of Nebraska,
Ignatius Donnelly, Chairman George A.
Groat and a numberof the members of t lie
Silver party notification committee. Five
thousand people crowded the grounds, in
the hot sun, about the stand, and cheered
repeatedly as Mr. Bryan appeared. He
was introduced by E. E. Brown, a former
Republican and president of the First
National Bank of Lincoln. Mr. Bryan
said :
Ladies and gentlemen: lam only going ot
talk to you a little while. There are others
here who are prepared to discuss the issues of
the campaign iv your presence, and 1 am try
ing to do as little work as possible. I think 1
have been doing my thare so far as time is con
cerned. [Cries of "You are right."] It is now
iust about one month since I left Nebraska
and turned eastward. It has been an inter
esting trip. I want to assure you that the
sentiment in favor of the free coinage of silver
is a growing sentiment. [Applause.] It far
surpassed my expectations in the East, and I
found among those people the producers of
wealth, the farmers and the laborers, who are
joining with you to free themselves from the
domination of those financial institutions
which have controlled our legislation and our
financial policies. [Applause.]
You will find in the very shadow of Wall
street as bitter hatred to the influences from
which you have suffered as you will find
among the farmers of Nebraska [applause],
and all throush the East I found farmers who
had been Republicans who were openly sup
porting the iree coinage of silver and were as
serting that they had as much right to attend
to their business as the New York banker had
to attend to his business. [Applause.] As
against the maintenance of a gold standard,
either for one day or forever, the Democratic
party has declared for the immediate restora
tion of the money of the constitution. [Ap
plause.] The Silver party and the Populist
party have joined with the bi-mocratic party
in mukiug this the paramount issue of the
campaign. Our opponents bugan the cam
paign by asserting that the American people
were not able to establish bimetallism, and
when they found a revolt among the Ameri
can people against such a policy they com
menced a system of coercion and terrorizing,
insisting that the masses of the people even
have not the right to determine what kind of
policy they want. (Applause.]
This terrorism auu coercion Is manifested in
two ways.
In the first place the heads of many great
corporations are undertaking to compel their
employes to support the gold standard. My
frietiti.-. if the head- ol (hose corporations as
sert the right to control the votes of those who
work for them we have presented to the
American peop'e even a greater question than
the silver question. [Applause.] lfacorpora
tion has me right to control the vote of an
employe on one question, it has the right to
control it on every other question. [Cries of
"Right you are I" and applause.]
My friends, do you trunk you are under a
government of the people? 1 want to «sk you
what will be the result if we get to be a gov
ernment by banks. [Applaus*-.] If we could
trust our affairs to a New York banker we
might endure It for a time, but when you re
member that the New York banker is under
the control of the London banker I ask yon to
ri- fleet before you submit the destinies of a free
peopie to a few financiers. [Applause.]
We had a failure in this city last winter; a
failure which, in my judgment, was largely
due to the sale of bonds and to the fact tnat
the Eftstern bank was drawing in money from
circulation, from business, from the channels
ot trade to invest in Government bonds. If.
my friends, you have a financial rolicy which
permits a few financiers to close your banks at
will and swallow up your deposits and impov
erish your people I want to ask you if it is not
time for you to consider whether this cannot
be stopped. [Cheers.] We have been told that
we cannot borrow money from abroad unless
we have a financial system that is satisfactory
to the people abroad. My friends, you let them
control your fiuanetal system and you will
never see a time when you can get out of the
clutches of those who are dominating your
financial policy. [Great cheering.]
Talk about arraying one class against an
other! I want to ask you why it is that every
Democrat who is interested iv a syndicate or
a trust or has a salary from a railroad cor
poration that is more than his other property
1 want to ask you why they are all arrayed
against the Democratic party? [Cheers.] Why
is ii? It is because tho Democratic party has
declared against the issue of bonds in time of
peace and the trafficking with syndicates.
["That's right." from the crowd.] It'is because
the Democratic party is opposed to the trusts
and the prices which the trusts have insti
tuted. It is because the Democratic party be
lieves In the control, the regulation and the
restriction of all corporations so that they will
serve the purpose tor which they were allowed
to exist. [Great cheering.]
If those connected wnu trusts are flocking
together in the Republican party may we not
appeal to all the smaller business men who
have felt tne iron heel of the trust and who
have been driven out of business by its unlaw
ful competition? [Cheers.] If we are to lose
all the attorneys of these great trusts [Aery
of "Let them go"] may we not appeal with
confidence to the support of the people who
have been plundered by these trusts while
their attorneys have received a part of the
plunder? [Cheers and shouts of "Yes."] We
are not responsible for the arrayiug of one
class against anoiher. These people have de
fined the business class to be a few of not the pro
ducers of wealth but the exchangers of wealth
or those who try to corner our wealth and'
they are trying to array them against the rest
of the people.
The Republican platform In the Btate of New
York said that we ought to have a business
administration conducted by business men in
l>ehalf of the bu^ine^s interests of the country
What do they mean by that? bo they call
farmers business men? [Cheers and cries of
•'No. 1 ] Oh.no; simply producers of wealth.
But it a man goes on the Board of Trade and
makes more in an hour betting on the price of
what you raise than you make in a year he be
comes a business man. These people who have
attempted to array a few of the people against
the rest cf the people and who have insisted
that the affairs of this Government should be
put in the hands of a few men— when we have
complained what euphonious names they have
given to ue! They have been calling us dis
turbers of the public peace and they have
called us anarchists, my Irieuds. [Great a p-
My friends, these terms simply express the'
contempt which they have tor the great mass
of the people of this country. [Cries of
"They ye been doiug it for twenty-five years."]
These names they call us simply prove that
iluy are not wii.mg to trust the destinies of
this Republic in the hands of the people who
have created its wealth in times ot peace and
who have fought its battles la times of war.
[Cheers.] Show me these people who now call
us anarchists and I will show you a class of
peopie who, if we had war, would never go to
the front, but taay are the very people who
slander those who would fight the battles to
save their own property. [Applause and
cheers.]
Mr. Bryan said that vrhen he was called a
disturber of the public peace it was grati
iying to meet the toilers of his own city
who indorse him as one they were willing
to trust. He said he expected a majority
of this — Lancaster— county, and a ma
jority of not less than 25.000 in Nebraska.
He thought even this majority was not
large enough. Continuin ,he said:
My frienda, gentlemen down in New York
called attention to the fact that sentiment was
all on our side in this campaign, and one man
said that a man could now write a poem in
favor of syndicates running the busine&s of
this country. [Applause.] Do you know what
word rhymes with syndicate? It is hate, and
you canuot write a poem and you cannot sing
a song in favor ot the syndicates controlling
the financial policies of this Nation because
while their policy applies to hate, the man
who thinks and the heart of the man who feels
the force oi the financial policy that has been
forced upon this country which they want to
continue until foreign nations come to our niii
aud assistance. It is a sentiment that appeals
to the pocket-book, and overshadows the ap
peal to the best feeling of man. [Applause.]
Now I must stop or I will make a spench. [Cries
of "Go on, we haven't half enough."] You
know that I woulJ haie awfully to have the
Xiw York papers say that I had driveu an
audience away in my own town.
Prolonged cheering followed t' c con
clusion of Mr. Bryan's speech. He was
followed by Mr. Groat, and the assemblage
dispersed.
THOUSAND OF PUTEN LUST.
Republican* Badly Cheated in. Arkansas
by the. Itt-wnorrats.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Sept. B.— Returns
received at Republican headquarters from
Washington, Woodruff, Carroll, Lonoke,
Crawford, Jackson, Pulaski, Ouachita, Se
bastian, White and Desha counties show a
net Republican gain of 4201 over the vote
of two years ago. These ligures in main
tained throughout the estate will increase
the Republican vote over 1894 by 20,000
and place the entire vote for the Republi
can ticket at 46,000, an increase of 23 per
cent
Returns from Prairie, Drew. Ashley,
Washington, Crawford, Greene, Desha,
Independence, Cleveland, Ouachitu, Brad
ley, Jackson and Johnson received at
Democratic headquarters show a loss to
the Democracy of 3383.
On this basis this will give Jones a plu
rality of 52,000, estimating that 140,000
votes were cast. Chairman Cooper of the
Republican State Committee made the
following statement for the press to-night:
"T c election law plainly directs that
the judges of election shall not all be of
tue same political party, and when the
Democratic Election Commissioners,
against the earnest protest of Republi
cans, appointed Democratic election
judges exclusively in over twenty coun
ties of this State in violation of the law, it
was pertectly well understood that fraud
was intended. I do not hesitate to say
that the appointment of these Democratic
judges and the refusal to appoint one Re
pubhean cost the Republican ticket thou
sands of votes and added to the Demo
cratic votes.
"Clark admits that in a number of coun
ties a number of Democratic committees
appointed none but Democratic judges,
and he is at a loss to know why they did
this, especially in his home county of
Phillips. That will be the question asked
oy every honest man. Notwithstanding
all these frauds he estimated the vote of
Ilemmsel, the Republican candidate for
Governor, has increased 50 per cent over
his vote in 1894. The silver question
has not increased the Democratic vote or
decreased the Republican vote in this
State."
A Strong Gold Sentiment.
CHICAGO, Ili*., Sept. B.— Chairman
Bynum of the National Democratic Com
mittee secured headquarters at the Palmer
House for the campaign committee. He
expects to open the headquarters a week
from next Monday.
Congressman Sperry of Connecticut, a
Democrat who has been making an exten
sive tour of the West, called at the Palmer
House headquarters. He said he was sur
prised to find a strong gold sentiment in
lowa, where he had been inlormed Bryan
had thousands of Republican followers.
He predicted tnat Connecticut would give
McKinley a good majority.
South Carolina's Primarff.
CHARLESTON, S. 0., Sept. B.— There
is intense excitement throughout South
Carolina to-day over the primary election.
At the Democratic primary election held
a few weeks ago the people voted for the
first time directly for a United States
Senator. Three candidates were in the
field and none of them received a majority
of the votes cast, so that the race is made
over again to-day by Judge Joseph H.
Earle and Governor John Gary Evans.
Out of 55,000 votfs reported Earle is
12,000 ahead. Indications are that Earle
will be elected by 8000 to 10,000 majority.
Colorado* Convenixons.
DENVER, Cou>., Sept. B.— Three State
conventions are to be held to-morrow, the
Siiver party and Republicans in Denver
and the Populists in Pueblo. The former
will indorse Bryan and Sewall electors,
acting under the authority of the regu
larly constructed State committee of the
Republican party, of which R. W. Broad
is chairman, vice Irving Holbert resigned.
The McKinleyites, who controlled the
State committee and elected J. W. Hodges
chairman, lay claim to the eagle emblem,
and their convention takes place later in
the month. While each of to-morrow's
conventions will strive for fusion on a
State ticket, as well as for Bryan and
Sewall electors, their action cannot be
safely predicted in advance.
Fusion Ifilh Populists.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. B.— The Demo
cratic State Central Committee of Missouri
met here to-day and fixed a basis for fusion
with the People's party on the electoral
ticket. It was decided to withdraw three
district electors and one elector at large.
The vacancies will be filled by Populists.
Swift Time on a Tandem.
VIENNA, Austria, Sept. B.— ln the in
ternational bicycle tournament here to
day Huet and Buechner covered 500
meters on a tandem in 30 2-5 seconds,
beating the record for the distance. The
"APENTA"
THE BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
Bottled at tho UJ HUNYAiiI Springs, Buda Pest, Hungary.
••Gentle, but satisfactory in its action. Remarkable for its richness in magnesium
sulphate, exceeding that of all other bitter waters — always of the same strength, which is,
of course, a matter of great importance."— New York Medical Journal
v A much-esteemed purgative water."—" Its composition is constant. The practitioner
is thus enabled to prescribe definite quantities for definite results." "A Natural
Water."— The Lancet.
*' Affords those guarantees of uniform strength and composition which have long been
jranting in the best-known Hunyadi waters."— "Agreeable to the palate."— " Excep-
tionally efficacious." — British Medical Journal.
"This Water maybe classed with the best Aperient Waters and be pronounced
one of the strongest. v
—Professor Oscar Liebreich, University of Berlin.
Prices : 15 cents and 25 cents per bottle.
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND MINERAL WATER DEALERS.
Sole Exporters •
THE APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED.
SEE that the Label bears the well-known Red Diamond Mark of
The ' Apollinaris Company, Limited.
Employed at the leading Hospitals in New York, Boston,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Chicago, etc., and at L the principal
Hospitals in England.
nmiouro for B ARBKRS, bar.
X X llrt H r ers - booiblacks, bath-
HBIUVBIkW houses, billiard - tabl •■->,
brewers, bookbinders, candy.makers, cannery
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper*
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, eubla-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc .
,_,.->. BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush aianuf ncturart. €09 S««rtua«at«Mi
race for the championship of Europe wag
won easily by Jaquelin, the present holder.
■ . ■ — ♦ ■ .
CZAR NICHOLAS' TRAVELS.
Visit of the Emperor and Empress of
Russia Yet Causing Enthusiasm
in Germany.
BERLIN, Germany, Sept. B.— The Em
peror and the royal guests left Goerlitz at
7:30 o'clock this morning. The party were
driven in carriages to Radineritz, north of
Lobau, where they mounted horses and
the Emperor, with Lord Beresford on one
side of him and Lord Londsdale on the
other, witnessed the military maneuvers
and moclc battle from the Kittlitz Heights.
The first coming together or the opposing
forces was the advance of the Saxon cav
alry division, whicn was brought to a stand
still at noon by the Prussian cavalry, sup
ported^ by the Fifth Army Corps under
General Count Waldersee, whose head
quarters were located at Weis*enberg.
KIEL, Germany Sept. B.— The Czar and
Czirina arrived ' here to-day. Their
majesties were receive' 1 , at the station by
Prince Henry of* Prussia and his wife.
Princess Irene. The Imperial visitors en
tered carriages and were driven to the
Jensen Bridge, where they embarked on
board a steam launch and were conveyed
to the Schlos*.
The Czar and Czarina were enthusias
tically etieered by the people. The Ger
man fleet in the harbor was covered with
bunting and each vessel flew the Russian
Bag from the maintop in honor of the
Cz:>r.
The stay of their majesties here wai a
short one. The Polar Star, the Russian
| imperial yacht, was in the harbor await
ing their Guminp. and at 7 o'clock ttiis
evening their majesties and their suites
went on board of her and she shortly after
started for Denmark.
Prince Henry and Princess Irene went
to the wharf with their majesties assd
there bade them farewell. As the imperial
couple boarded the Polar Star the war
ships in the harbor fired saiu'.es and their
crews cheered them.
REBELLION IN THE PHILIPPINES.
ft Is Spreading and the Condition of
Affairs Is More Serious Than Spam
Will Admit.
LONDON. Eng.. Sept. B.— The Times to-
! morrow will publish a dispatch from
Singapore savins that the rebellion in the
Philippine Islands against Spain is spread
i ing and that the condition of affairs is
more serious than the Spanish oilieials
will admit.
MADRID. Spain, Sept. 8. A special dis-
patch from Hongkong to the Imnarcial
says that the commander of ttie British
ganboat has telegraphed from ManLaihat
the gravity of the situation at the capital
of the Philippine Islands is such as to
oblige him to remain there with bis ship.
This message indicates that the position
at Manila is very serious, though no de
tails are obtainable, owing to the rigor of
the censorship. Business telegrams have
been received at Hongkong from mercan
tile correspondents at Manila advising
against the shipment of further consign
ments of goods to the Philippines and
stating that business there is at a com
plete standstill.
The official advices from Manila say
that the rebellion in the Philippine
Islands is confined to the province of
Cavite. The rebels have barricaded them
selves in a church at Cavite, which is so
far from the shore that the Spanish gun
boats are unable to reacii it with their
guns.
WONDERN OF THE TELEPHONE.
A Russian Electrician Make* a Most
Interesting Discovert/.
LONDON, Enq., Sept. 8. — The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Odessa, stating that M. Kildischew
sky, an electrician, has discovered an
improvement in the telephone by the use
of which distance has no effect upon the
hearing. In a recent experiment between
Rostoff and Moscow, a distance of 890
miles, talking, music and singing were
heard with perfect distinctness. For the
purpose of this experiment an ordinary
telegraph wire was used. The dispatch
adds that M. Kildischewsky will go to
London to experiment with his improve
ment on the Atlantic cables between Lon
don and New York.
A JUatabele Chief Shot.
BULUWAYO, South Africa, Sept. B.—
The British troops yesterday captured
Makoni, an important Matabele chief,
who had taken a prominent part in the
revolt. He was tried by court-martial
and sentenced to be ahot,;which sentence
was carried into effect to-day.
JSuger Guts the Message.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 8.-The Jour
nal-Examiner relay bicycle riders started
for Governor's Island on bicycles rigged ia
catamaran attachments at 1 :10 p. m. to-day,
for the purpose of delivering to General
Ruger, commander of the Atlantic Divi
sion, the packet sent him by the San Fran
cisco Examiner. The Examiner bicyclists ,
succeeded in reaching Governors Island
in safety and delivered to General Ruger
the packet. They returned to the Battery
at 3 o'clock. whence tney started on their
wheels up Broadway to Park Row to the
Journal office.- An immen>e crowd wit
nessed the departure and return of the bi
cyclists from the Battery wail.
NEW TO-DAY.
- COSMOPOUIT .
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., Han
Francisco, Cai — The most select famllv hotel la
! the city." Board and room $1, SI 25 and $150 per
: day, according to room. Meals 25c Booms 50a
{ and 75c a day. free coach to and from the hotel.
, Look for the coach bearing the name Of the Co*-
i mopolitan Hotel. "WiL t'AHKV, Proprietor.TO DEFEND
OUR HONOR
Patriotism of the Republi
can Editorial Asso
ciation of Ohio.
RALLY OF THE WRITERS
AT CANTON.
Whitelaw Reid and Charles Em
ory Smith Sound the Slogan
of the Campaign.
MOLDERS OF OPINION CALL
UPON M'KINLEY.
Encouraged in Their Good Work by
the Standard-Bearer of
the Party.
CANTON. Ohio, Sept. B.— The Republi
can Editorial Association of Ohio metjin the
Eifcs' Hall at 10:30 o'clock this morning.
The venerable John Hopley of Bucyrus
presided. Canton was tixed upon as the
■*«ting place of the association for the
reason that it is the home of the Presiden
tial candidate supported by the editors of
the association and in order that a formal
call might be made upon him. About
two-thirds of the Republican editors of
Ohio were present.
When it was announced by Colonel
Brown, president of the association, that
be had a letter from Whitelaw Reid of the
New York Tribune there was an outburst
oi cheers. The reader was frequently in
terrnpted by applause, and at the close of
the reading Hon. J. M. Icks moved a vote
of thanks be given Mr. Reid, and it was
unanimously carried. The letter in part
was as follows:
We have had four years in clover which our
friends, the enemy, promised us in 1892. The
people are quite satisfied that they have had
enough of it. On the old lines this campaign
was already won. Then burst out the A»lu\
lamites. Every uuthiniting or unscrupulous
man that was in distress and every oue tnat
was in debt and every oue that was discon
tented gathered themselves together, not unto
David, alas, but unto Altgeld. They captured
the National convention of a historic party
and degraded it and humiliated the country
by asking the American people to vote that
they would not obey the eighth command
ment Now, when a question is submitted to
a popular vote people must infer that there
are two sides to it a .d that they have a right
to vote on which everside their judgment in
clines. But there are no two sides to the
moral iaw. No man, no party, has a right to
put the eighth commandment to a popular
vote; to decide through an expression of pop
u.'ar desires at the polls whether this Nation
shall cheat Its creditors by paying its debts at
the rate of 53 cents on the dollar, aud whether
every private debtor shall be at liberty to
ch»at to the same extent the man who has
trusted him.
To propose such a vote and such a decision
isitse:fa crime, but having proposed it, the
plain people of the country will sustain the
great commandment by a vote which will sur
prise the men who would break it. You can
make free-silver men see from the financial
history of every nation that ever tried it that
while making more money does inflate prices
It works both ways. It raises prices for whnt
they have to buy as well as for what they have
to sell, and is apt to raise the former first and
highest. The grocer raises his figures long be
fore the day laborer can have his wages ad
vanced, and the laborer never really catches
up till the inevitable crash comes. Silver
monometalism never will and never did
cheapen the necessities of life, but it
cheapens the men. Look at Mexico and China
and India.
Next to the attack on the eighth command
ment in enormity is the attack by our oppo
nents on the constitution and courts of ihe
United States. The protest against the use of
constitutional power for ihe suppression of
riot, the proposal to pack the Supreme Court,
the attempt to destroy the validity of con
tracts — these are not mere demagogism, or
even intelligent communism; they are the
formal naturalization in the United States of
Russian anarchy.
Little better is the demand that every
thrifty, economical and prosperous citizen
shall De discriminated against and taxed, not
merely once, like other people, but twice, first
on what he has, and then on what he earns.
Let us be as considerate as you please of our
erring countrymen who have been honestly
misled, but let us indulge in no disguises as to
the unpatriotic, un-Araerican and revolu
tionary character of this whole programme.
The president of the Editorial Associa
tion was instructed to inform Whitelaw
Reid by telegraph at his camp in the
Adirondacks that a vote of thanks had
been given him.
The afternoon session was given over to
the address of Charles Emory Smith.
Tnere was a large audience assembled in
the hall. Mr. Smith was warmly greeted.
He said in part:
When Jefferson said that he would rather
have newspapers without a government than
a government without newspapers he indi
cated the vital part which newspapers play
tinder free institutions. That was 100 years
ago. A hundred years ago newspapers were
sentinels at the outposts. To-day they hold
the central citadel as leaders and exponents;
they are the very lifeblood of free discussion.
This is p re-eniinently a campaign of educa
tion. It is thus peculiarly our campaign. The
journalists are the real educators. It is true
there are great textbooks from the masters.
There is a new Adam Smith's "Weiilth of Na
tions" with American application ; a new Bun
yan's "Pilgrim's Progress," through the
e'.ough of despondency of Democracy ana up
the hill of difficulty; a new Baxter's "Saint's
Rest," under assured Republican restoration.
The other titles of these masterpieces are Wil
liam McKinley's complete political economy
of "Open Mills for Full Labor Rather Tnan
Open Mints for Free Sliver"; Benjamin Har
rison's "Satirical Reflections on Absurdities
of a Boy Orator's Idea of Independence of the
Law of Gravitation," and Thomas B. Reed's Old
Orchard "Plums of Political Phiiosopby." But
tne oM textbooks are expounded by the pro
fessors ia the classroom, and so the new text
books are edited with notes and index and
duily elucidation by the schoolmasters of jour
nalism.
We must first educate ourselves. We are al
ready grounded in right principles. But we
want more earnestness, more moral courage, a
higher sense of responbibillty, a true appreci
ation of the tremendous gravity of this
crisis. We want more real and lasting enthu
sinsin — a deeper and grander consecration to
the high mission which is before us. We must
educate me people in elemental principles.
We must educate them io understand that we
cannot have two standard^ of value any more
than two Htandards of weight or length.
Our existing standard of value is the 100
-cent gold dollar; free coinage of silver would
make our standard the 50-ceut silver dollar,
aud that is the reason it would be a crime of
repudiation, dishonor and disaster. We must
educate the people that the Government fiat
cannot make money. The Government stamp
weighs mill certifies, but does not create.
Money is of two kinds, real money and repre
sentative money. Real money has Intrisic
value equal to its face. Representative money
U a promise to redeem in real money. Tne
gold dollar is real money, because it is worth
100 cents whether coined or melted. The pa
per dollar is representative money, because it
is simply a promise to redeem in the real dol
lar; usvaiue is not in the stamp, but in the
fact thai the stamp p'.edges a real dollar be
hind it. The present silver dollar is partly
real and partly re presen tali ve. It iias 52 cents'
worth of value and 48 cents' worth of faith—
faith thHt the Government will fulfill its Uedge
of keeping it at partly with gold. The pro
posed silver dollar under free coinage would
be neither real nor representative; it could not
say even with the paper dollar, "I know that
my redeemer liveth," for there would be no re
demption, and without redemption its value
would sink to its bullion value of t»2 cents.
We want neither cheap dollars nor cheap men
nor cheap Presidents.
We must educate the people that political
independence is one thing and independence
of the laws of trade nnd nature is another.
The most puerile and grotesque i'lea even of
the boy orator Is nis repeated and pet notion
that because this country declared political
independence of Europe in 1776 it ought to
declare »n independent monetary standard in
1896. He teems to think that we ought to
Lave a distinct American measure of value be
cause we have a distinct American measure of
liberty. We can have American geography
because our rivers and mountains and glori
ous fields with their rich harvests are our
own; but we cannot nave an American arith
metic, because two and two do not make five
and fifty does not make a hundred in the
United States any more than in Europe. We
can have an American political economy, be
cau.se political economy is partly a matter of
conditions and our conditions are d fferent
from tiiose of Europe; but we cannot have an
American algebra, because algebra Is not an
experimental but an exact science-. In algebra
X represents the unknown quantity, and thus
it represents Bryan after the election, and not
even the X ray will be able to disclose his
scattered, his shadowy remains. This talk of
an independent measure shows a callow and
shallow mind. Do we not want commercial
relations with Europe? Do we not seek to ex
tend our trade? Then why do we not want a
common medium of exchange?
Above all and beyond all we must educate
the pcopie that National honesty and indi
vidual honesty are the best policy. Nations
anil individuals cannot close out with the
world on one transaction and quit. They
must keep up the account, and for every act of
fraud they will pay doubie the next time. We
are against the outflow of good circulation and
th<; inflow of bad citizenship. We find com
monism, revolution and anarchy no more at
tractive and no less dangerous when urged by
the rhetoric of Bryan than when enforced by
the bomb cf Altgeid or the pitchfork of Till
man. Wo must tench the unceasing lesson of
patriotism and rectitude, and must educate
the people to maintain National houor as sa
credly as they maintained the National life,
and to be no more ready in 1896 to cut in two
the standard of value which is the basis and
measure of all business security than they
were in lii6l to cut in two the Union, which is
the ba?is and measure of our National great
ru 'S and glory.
We are met at the home of the great natriot
and .statesman, the buy soldier an 1 the man
orator and leader, wno by an unerring choice
is fitly made the standard-bearer in this sec
ond mighty battle for National safety and wel
fare. Let us go from his enkindling presence
and his glowing words with fresh inspiration
and renewed strength for the campaign of ed
ucation.
Mr. Smith's address was well received.
He was frequently interrupted by ap
plause and cheering.
At the conclusion of the address the
editors adjourned for the purpose of call
ing upon Ma jo r McKinley.
It was but a short walk to Major Mc-
Kin lev's house. Upon their arrival there
the editors formed themselves in groups
about the porch. The spokesman was
John Hopley, the oldest editor in the
State. He spo&e at some length on the
political questions of the day. Major Me-
Kuiley was roundly applauded when he
stepped forward to speak. He said:
Mi. President and Gentlemen of the Repub
lican Press Association of Ohio: I have been
deeply moved by the gracious words of your
veuerable spokesman. You could not have
chosen one of your membership to give the
expression to the sentiments of your associa
tion more pleasing to me than my old and
honored friend, Mr. Hopiey, whose efforts in
behalf of the Republican oarty have been un
ceasing for more than forty years. [Applause.]
It gives me great pleasure, gentlemen, to
welcome you, one and all, to my home. Canton
just now, I judge, is a very fair newspaper town
and no newspaper writer or publisher ever
comes here who is not warmly welcomed
whether he gets what he comes for or not, and
no matter what he may say when he goes
away. [Laughter and applaus?.] I feei that I
know something of the Republican editors of
Ohio. I cannot recall a time that they have
not been laithful and friendly, nor can I forget
that in some of the closest campaigns in the
State their intelligent and unfaltering sup
port has brought victory. This year they are
more earnest, more aggressive, more thorough
and more efficient than they have ever been
before. They appreciate the overmastering
importance oi the Issues involved in the pres
ent contest and are leading, gloriously lead
ing, in the educational work which is indis
pensable to the success of the party of right
action.
Gentlemen, it is a Dost of singular honor
which you occupy to-day. I cannot remember
any period, except the war, when the Repub
lican press so signally represented National
honor and National welfare as now. [Great
applause.] It is not often given to a political
party as it is this year given to ours to stand
by ill'/ National honor and evade dishonor and
repudiatlou and disquiet. [Applause.] It is
the good fortune of the Republican party to
stand in this contest (or what is best in gov
ernment, what is patriotic in ci'.izenshlp, for
what tends to the support of the great integ
rity of the Government, its currency and
credit. It is a great strain on any party, but
the Republican party is not without trial
amidst grave responsibilities. It has per
formed supreme duty before. It has met great
trusts before. It has discharged them, too.
with wisdom, courage and fidelity, and it will
meet them now, new ones, with unfaltering
purpose to serve th c best interests of the peo
pie and of all the people. [Applanse.] For
tunately in this contest the Republican party
is not alone in its support of the Republican
candidate. Conservative men are with it. All
oi the most powerful Democratic newspapers
are behind it.
All oi them stand for patriotism and Na
tional honor. They are welcome; thrice, four
times welcome, and we owe them a debt of
gratitude for their unflinching loyalty toward
the party and to pub, ie morals. [Applause.] This
is a year, gentlemen, of political contention
without bitterness. Intelligence and patriot
ism are taking the place of passion and party
issues. Pany prejudice cuts little figure in a
crisis like this. W« must not indulge in crim
ination against those who may have differed
from us in the past but who are now with us
in a patriotic effort to preserve the good faith
of the country and enforce public and private
honesty. [Applause.] We must not drive any
body out of camp, but welcome everybody in.
Our people havt always extended to ihe press
the most generoua patronage and accorded it
the greatest deference, so that the press has
grown wiih our growth and advanced with
our advancement. There are nearly as many
newspapers and periodicals published in the
United States hs in all the rest of the world
beMdes. To me the modern newspaper is so
vast and comprehensive that I can nerar con
template Its possibilities without becomine
both interested and enthusiastic in the suh
jeet. Why, to be a real wise, honorable and
capable journalist is «o attain the highest
plane of human opportunity and useiumess
To love and proclaim truth for truth's s.'ke
to disseminate knowledge and useful iniorma
tion, to correct misimi>re«gions, to enlighten
the misinformed, to "f<?ed an expectant and
anxious people" with the occurrences of the
world daily, indeed almost hourly, to discover
and correct abuses, to fairly and honorably
advocate a grent cause— in short to nob and
direct public opinion, which is always the
mission of Journalism, is suiely the noblest of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
professions. [Applause] It may be in some
parts of the world despised, it may be by the
intolerant and ignorant everywhere, but de
graded it never can be so long as it is for the
benefit of the people. Ohio has always been
prominent In the fields of journalism. That
she has been so has never been denied, and
she is entitled to no little credit for her long
years of service. I need not remind you of
them.
1 congratulate you upon the high rank of the
newspaper press In Ohio and wish ior you still
higher achievement* in your chosen work in
broader fields. You never had an opportunity
for higher usefulness than now and you never
had a better opportunity for the best use of
your best facilities than in the support of the
principles and aims of the party than in the
contest now upon us. I congratulate you
upon the work you are doing aud I appreciate
it more than I can tell you, together with the
kindness and courtesy of this call. [Applause.]
Major McKinley's engagements are
multiplying so rapidly that he has decided
not to go to Zoar this week, but will de
vote the next few day« to tn*< preparation
of speeches which he is to make on .Friday
and Saturday. Charles Emory Smith
dined with Major McKinley to-night and
will leave in the morning for Erie, Pa.,
where he is to address the league clubs.
He hopes to return to Ohio later in the
campaign and make a number of
speeches.
Mr. Smith, who has just returned from
a speaking tour in Maine, says the Repub
licans will carry that State by a phenom
enal majority.
SENATOR CARTER'S CO URNE.
Advises All Montana Republican* to
Stand by JHcKinlry.
HELENA, Mont.. Sept. B.— Senator Car
ter's statement regarding the course of
conduct he pursued as a delegate to the
St. Louis convention is published to-day
in the form of an open letter to the mem
bers of the Republican State Convention
of Montana, which the Senator says he
will be unable to attend. The Benator
lauds the Republican party for its achieve
ments, and in reciting the action of the
National Convention on the currency
question declares be was dissatisfied with
the declaration in favor of the gold stand
ard. The platform of the Chicago conven
tion, however,, is denounced as a "load
greater than silver can bear." He adds:
I do not believe In free coinage coupled with
free trade, and I do not believe both can be
successfully established and maintained by
our Government. The free-trade policy wili
render the establishment of bimetallism an
utter impossibility. After looking the whole
situation over it will be found that the Repub
lican party has not declared in favor of the
sold standard, but in favor of the restoration
of silver.
Mr. Carter regards the Republican de
claration as too conservative, but as be
tween its acceptance and that of the Chi
cago platform "With its free trade. States'
rights, free riot and other objectionable
features" the Senator finds no room to
hesitate, and urges on the Montana con
vention the placing of McKinley electors
in trie field as its duty.
He denies the richt of the delegates to
nominate Bryan electors, and advises the
silver Republicans who support Bryan to
keep their bands off the convention, while
asking the "broadest possible charity" for
them at the hands of the delegates.
In the future as in the past ihe Senator
says he will stand for protection and free
coinage, and will give McKinley his sup
port because he thinks the best interests
of tbe State and country will be subserved
by Republican victory. He advises the
State Convention to declare for iree coin
age in its platform and indorse the rest of
the National platform. In conclusion the
Senator predicts the return of the bolting
Republicans "in due sea-on."
BALLOON ON FIRE AT SEA
Thrilling Finale to a Labor-Day
Demonstration in New
Jersey.
The Airship and Its Occupants Plunged
Into Hell Gate Waters Leaving
No Trace B hind.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept B.— Several
persons on Wards Island about 6:30 o'clock
last night saw a large balloon about 800
feet in the air drifting to the southeast.
When about 300 feet south of "Nigger
Rock" the balloon was seen to be on fire.
In an instant it began to descend rapidly
and striking the water at Hell Gate sank
immediately.
Many persons who saw the balloon from
Wards Island state that there was a bas
ket attached to the balloon, and in the
dusk of the evening they saw in it what
tt.ey supposed to be a man, and from his
motions he was either throwing out ballast
or waving a flag. When the basket de
scended into the strong current of Hell
Gate the balloon settled over it and the
mass disappeared >o quickly beneath the
water that a party which put out in a boat
at once could find no trace of it. Those
who saw it say the balloon was burning
when it struck the water.
The men on Wards Island believe that
the balloonist was unable to extricate him
self and was drowned. A steam launch,
wnich was passing at the time, kept up a
constant whistling, and it was thought
that the balloonist had been picked up by
the craft, although those familiar with
the currents in this part of the river
•ay that this was almost impossi
ble. The man could scarcely live a
minute in the water near Nigger
Rock in the flood tide, no matter
how powerful a swimmer he might be.
The current was so swift that no one
could make headway against it. They say
it would undoubtedly throw a swimmer
against the sharp rocks with so mach
force that it would stun him. If he es
caped the rocks he would be borne up the
stream and his chances of making the
shore would be srcall.
The balloon was of the kind ordinarily
used in making ascensions for a display.
It came from the northwest and probably
was sent up at some Labor day celebration
in New Jersey.
The. police are confident that the aero
naut was drowned, and the work of drag
ging for the body will be begun this morn
ing. Several places up the sound were
telegraphed to last night, but at none was
there a report of a steam launch coming
in with a man rescued from drowning.
Sons of Veteran:
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. B.— The fif
teenth annual encampment of the Sons of
Veterans began this afternoon when the
first session of the commanders-in-chief
was held, presided over by commander
Russell. Alirtit 100 delegates were present.
The Ladies' A <1 Society held two sessions
with Presideii Margaret Harvey of
St>ringtield, ill., in the chair. The secre
tary's report showed that thirty-one new
societies dad been organized during the
year. Mrs. Kate E. Hirst, president of
the Ladies or the G. A. I!., gave a banquet
and reception this evtn ng at Mu*ic Hall
to the visitors, of whom there are about
800 in the city.
Itxnth of Captain. Cook.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. B.— A private
cablegram from Puris announces the death
of Captain A. P. Cook, U. S. M.
MURDERED
BY INDIANS
Horrible Fate of a Curio
Hunter in Oregon
Forests.
PUT TO DEATH BY SLOW
TORTURE.
Desecration of Burial Grounds
Avenged by Northern
Redskins,
JAMES HARTLEY'S MANGLED
BODY FOUND.
The Victim Spitted on a Hazel Stake
as He Lay Bound in a
Canoe.
PORTLAND. Ob., Sept. B.— Two miners
who have been prospecting in the region
of Mount Hood arrived in Portland to-day
ar.d reported that the Dody of James
Hartley, a collector of Indian relics and
curios, was found last Thursday by Henry
Peterson, a timber cruiser, on a small
island in Dead Mans Lake in the dense
forest which stretches from Mount St.
Helens to the Columbia River. The con
dition of the body, which was found in an
old canoe, the hands and feet bound by
withes of hazel and fastened to the stem
and stern of the canoe, with a stake of
hazel driven through the corpse just be
low the breast bone, showed conclusively
that Hartley had been put to death with
cruel tortures, such as were inflicted upon
white men taken prisoners by Indians in
the early history of this country.
Hartley tias been missing for over a
year, but the body was in a comparatively
good state of preservation and was readily
recognized by the clothes of peculiar
green ish-colored corduroy which he in
variably, wore and by letters and papers
foui.d in his pocket. Some such dreadful
ending had often been predicted for him,
as be had been for years engaged in col*
lectinc Indian relics and curios and had
probably robbed more Indian craves and
scattered broadcast the remains of more
redskins than any other man.
There is scarcely an Indian burying
ground on the Columbia River or the
islands therein, or along the coast of Ore
gon, where such places are numerous,
wnich Hartley had not ransacked in
search of stone knives and hammers,
beads, flint arrowheads and other articles
which Indians bury wiih their dead; and
in several places, notably at Long Island,
in the Upper Columbia, deadhouses of
modern construction were torn down by
him and the only partially decayed bodies
of tuose buried there drageed out and
thrown about to bleach in the sun and
wind in his search for any articles which
might have been buried with them.
It was the custom of nearly all the
tribes of Indians in Oregon to dispose of
their dead by placing the body in a canoe,
with the most prized effects of the de
ceased, and then inverting another canoe
over it. This made the burial places very
easy to be discovered and very easy to be
robbed.
Since the Indians have been removed to
eserv ations, in most cases far from the
burying grounds of their ancestors, such
men as Hartley Dave plied their horrible
business without much fear of being dis
turbed. Hartley had been so Jong and so
actively engaged in the business, and his
operations had extended over such a scope
of territory, that he was known by reputa
tion at least to many Indians, and when
ever it was known that he was in any part
of the country Indians from that section
sent out guards to protect their old bury
ing places.
Borne two years ago, while he was oper
ating in an extensive Indian burying
ground at the mouth of the Alsea River,
he was shot at and narrowly escaped being
captured by guards sent down from the
Siletz Reservation to keep watch for him,
the Indians having learned that he was on
his way to ti;at place. Another time,
when collecting Indian skulls at a burial
place on Little Memaloose Island, in the
rapids at the foot of The Dalles, he nar
nowly escaped beiug captured through the
canoe of his pursuers having been upset by
their over-eagerness to catch him.
Owing to dread of Indians he had for
some time kept his movements as secret as
possible, and so his disappearance at
tracted no attention until some six months
ago, when his brother came out from the
East to inquire about him. When last his
brother had heard about him he w*s col
lecting Indian curios along the banks of
the Cowlitz River, where there were many
Indian villages in early days, and where
thousands of Indians from the interior
gathered during the spring and summer
to put up smoked salmon for winter use.
He had written to his brother that he in
tended to go to some islands in Silver
Lake, over toward Mount St. Helens, to
examine an old Indian burying-ground
there, and that was the last that was
known of his whereabouts, riis brother
visited the islands in Silver Lake and
found scattered remains of Indians and
canoes, and here all traces of him ended.
It teems probable that he learned of the
bury ing-ground on tue island in Dead
Mans Lake, some twenty miles farther in
the forest, where, tradition cays, the chiefs
and medicine men of several tribes along
the Columbia are buried, and, lured by the
prospect of a rich rind of curios, he
ventured to visit the place, imagining
that he would be safe from molestation in
the depths of that great forest. The
Indian guards evidently caught him ana
put him to a cruel death, and his fate
might never have been known had not the
timber-cruiser Peterson been led by
curiosity to visit this island.
Hartley's brother, who returned East
several weeks ago, has been notified of the
discovery of the remains, and will prob
ably come out here again to take them
home.
CHAUDENLIAN AND CLNET.
Jlutnov That Thiy Will Confer on tht
Fenr**trlan Question.
NEW YORK, N. V., Bept. 8. — A Her
ald special irom Danvers, Mass., says:
Despite the repeated denial by the Right
Hon. Joseph Chamberlain that he was to
have an official conference with Secretary
Olney regarding th* Venezuelan question
the rumor continues to be circulated.
Chamberlain declared yesterday in the
most emphatic terms that there was not a
shred of truth in the rumor.
"I have no expectations," said he, "of
meeting Olney during my present visit to
this country. There was never any foun
dation for the story that we were to have
an official conference. I have no authority
10 suggest anything of the kind."
■ « — -
THE KILLING WAS JUSTIFIABLE.
Result of an Inquiry Into a Case Where
an Officer Orders a Mutinous Sol
dier to Be Shot.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. B.— A Tribune
epecial from Washington says: The War
Department has made public the proceed
ings of the court of inquiry recently con
vened in tne Department of the Platie to
examine into the circumstances of the
killing of a private in Company C in pur
suance of an on'.er from a commissioned
officer to a soldier who stxot the private.
The car,e has attracted considerable at
tention among the officers of the army
owing to the question involved of the
right of an officer to order a man under
his command to shoot a comrade in time
of peace. In several cases in the West
civil courts have uphejd the shooting of
soidiers u.idcr certain conditions, but the
case here reic-rred to differs from those
previously decided in many respects.
The officer who ordered the shooting is
First Lieutenant W. O. Clark of the
Twelfth Infantry. The circumstances
were thes-: A private of the Tweitth In
fantry named Weaver assaulted First
Sergeant Livingston of the same regi
ment. In the course of the scrimmage
which took place Weaver broke loose
from the sergeant and running to a gun
case in the guardroom picked up a musket
and fired at ihe non-commissioned officer.
The shot killed him.
After killing Sergeant Livingston
Weaver assumed a threatening attitude
towarii otlier soldiers standing by. Among
the witnesses of the killing was" Lieuten
ant Clark. Fearing that Weaver would
fire again he ordered Private Btrine to
shoot to kill Weaver. Tnis Strine did,
Weaver falling dead. The court of in
quiry, after investigating all the facts,
found that the shooting of Weaver by
Strine was proper and necessary and the
action of Lieutenant Clark in the case was
justifiable.
A VERY CANELEAN LOVER.
Drops a Letter from His Pocket Which
Jropnrttizes Him Life.
NEW YORK. N. V., Sept. B.— A Sun
special from Dublin, Ga., says. Mrs. Fan
nie Twiggs is the young and beautiful wife
of Judge H. D. Twiggs. Her name has
been involved with that of George M.
Brinson, a wealthy real estate owner in
Emanuel County.
Brinson and Mrs. Twigga have been In
correspondence with each other for sev
eral weeks. Sunday Brinson visited Col
lins,a small station on the Georgia and Ala
bama railroad. He remained until even
ing. On going to the station to leave
town he pulled his handkerchief from his
coat pocket and a letter dropped to the
ground. Some men picked it up and be
fore tuey could return it to the owner the
train left.
The men read the missive. It was from
Mrs. Twiggs, inviting Brinson to go on a
pleasure trip to Tybee Island, a summer
resort near Savannah, and also asked him
to bring alon^ a friend, as she had a young
woman friend who would accompany her.
The letter was mai.ed to Judge Twiggs.
He was very angry on reading it and a
seen» ensued when he confronted his wife.
He then sent a challenge for a duel to
Brinson and requeued an immediate re
ply. Brinson studied the situation and
ilecid-d not to accept the challenge. Judge
Twiggs then sent him word that he would
kill dim on sight. The matter stands in
this way at present.
ON DEL MONTE COURTS
California Tennis Players in
Competition Beiore the
Nets.
Whitney Brothers and Hardy and
Driscoil to Meet in the
Finals.
DEL MONTE, Cal., Sept. B.— The an
imal tennis championship tournament be-
gan at Del Monte this morning with ten
teams on hand to play, and quite an as
semblage of spectators, most of whom
were guests at the hotel or people from
Pacific GroTe. The conrts were in fine
condition, and when the umpire called
play at 10 o'clock sharp the onlookers
* ere treated to an exhibition of hign-class
tennis.
The teams first at work were Van Wyck
and Captain O. C. Berryman of the United
States steamship Oregon and the Whitney
brother-s. The Whitney brothers won.
Score : 7-6. 6-3, 6-2.
The next match to attract attention was ;
the one between Jones and Harper, the !
Monterey County champions, and Nichol- i
son and Gage of Oakian.l. This match,
although not as high grade as some of the '
others played during the day, attracted
much interest from the fact that tnere was
a desire to see tiow the local men would I
play against the city c-acks. After three
hard pets the Monterey team came out
victorious, and was heartily congratulated.
Score : 6-3 6-4. 6-4.
The Whitney brothers now played Eck
art and Uphnm. and after a lively match
won by 6—3, 6—l, 4—6, 6—3. Eekart's
swift service netted his team many aces at
critical momenrs.
Dripcoll and Hardy tired out the Mon
terey players, and although the latter
played well at times they were not able io
handle Driscoli's drives and Hardy's
smashes. The score was 6—3,6 — 3, 6—4,6 — 4, 6—4.6 — 4.
Tne most exciting match of the day was
that between Harry Weihl and Charles
Suydani, and Drs. Decker and Roth
g:niKer of the United States navy. The
latter, although much stronger and
more agile than their opponents,
lacked their skill and excellent
judgment. The sets were close and
the play was fast from beginning to end.
Harry Weihl was here, there and every
where at the same time, playing a game
which promises much for future events.
Weihl and Suydum finally won, the ?core
being 6-3, 6— o, 7-5.
Dr. Root and Mr. Findlay. the latter of
Monttrey, put up quite a game against
Pratt anu Spencer, and won, 6—3,6 — 3, 4—6,4 — 6,
7—5. They were in turn defeated by the
Whitneys, 6—l, 6—2. 6—o.
Quite an ovation met Weihl and Suydam
as they stepped into ihe central court to try
conclusions with the O.tkland cracks.
Hardy an 1 Driscoil. As these teams are
from rival sections, it was hoped by the
San Francisco contingent that their rep
resentatives wou d win, and then the
finals would be in the club. Driscoil and
Hardy upset all their calculations by win
ning in straight sets. At one time, how
ever, the pony team was within a point of
winning the second set. The score was6 — 4,
7—5, 6—3. This leaves Whitney and
Whitney and Hardy and Driscoil to play
off in the finals to-morrow.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Too JUanu Homes (nut* g Couple of Ac-
citfents at St. Jo-cp/i.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. B.— The fall
carnival opened here to-day with a mon
ster parade, in which 6000 people took
part. The fall race-meeting also opened
with a large attendance and the best of
racing. The new system of racing, in
which every heat is a race, was inaugur
ated and proved to bo a success. Tue in
ciclents of the race-meeting were a col
lision in the 2:35 pace, in which Major
Bob. owned by Garver & Co. of Hannibal,
was disabled and the death of Al Austin
in the 2:26 trot. Austin broke a blood
vessel and fell dead as he was leading the
field in tne homestretch. He was valued
at $5000.
2:35 pace, purse $600, eleven starters, Irwin
won, Top*? second, McTavish third. Best
time, 2:16&.
2:26 troumg, purse $600, thirteen starters,
Belle \v tiles won, ShaiieldnrirNorwood second,
Scraps third, , Best time. 2:21
2:13 pace, purse $600, ten starters, Nellie M
won, Rhi.:elaii<i second, Thomas Edison third.
Be>t time, 2:10^-
ST. LOUIS, mo., Sept. Seven furlongs,
High Test won, Hush second, King Michael
third. Time, 1 :29.
Seven furlongs, Pelleas won, Ferris Hartman
second, Joe Hart third. Time, 1:29.
Six furlongs, Remember Me won. Ben Amelia
second, Milford *hirJ. lime, 1:15)£.
One mile, Sweet Favordale won, Amelia May
second, Leader Ban third. Time, 1 :42 1 4.
Five furlongs, Fig Leaf won, Blltzen's Sister
second, Juan Ha third. Time, 1:02^.
. One mile, Kamsin won, Couronnc dOr see
on-.!, May G third. Time, 1:42':.
NEWPORT, KY.. Sept. B.— seven furlongs,
Old Center won, Constance second, Chatterbox
third. Time, 1:28%. "
Four and a half lurlongs, Flexible won. Quin
Wing second, Oversight third. Time, :56.
Mile and an eighth, Romona won, Argentina
111 second, Joe Clark thiid. Time, I:s4}£.
Six and a half furlongs, Nance won. The
Merchant second, Prince Henry third. Time,
1:22.
Five furlongs, Connie Lee won, Cherry Leaf
second, Rheiiutrom third. Time, 1:02.
A CRAZY COACHMAN'S DEED.
Kills a Guest of the Family in Which He
Is Employed and Ends His
Own Existence.
ALLENDALE, N. J., Sept. B.— A shock
ing double tragf dy aroused great excite
ment here 10-day. Isaac Caryle of New
York City, while a guest at the country
residence of the family of the late Civil
Justice Wandell, was shot down in cold
blood by William Doling, who had been a
coachman in the service of the family for
nineteen years. After murdering Caryle
the coachman attempted to kill Frank
Wandell, and failing in this turned the
weapon upon himself and sent a bullet
through his own heart.
The Wandells and the Caryles have
been on intimate terms for many years.
The Wandells are very wealthy, owning
much property in the vicinity of Eighty
third street and Lexington avenue, New
York. The family consists of mother, two
sons and two grown daughters.
The Caryle family consisted of Isaac B.
Caryle, the father, his wife and two sons.
Caryle is a retired real estate dealer and
the murdered man, who was 38 years old,
yvas his youngest son. The latter had
just arrived and while walking through
the grounds with Frank Wandell met the
coachman, who in return for a pleasant
greeting discharged the contents of a shot
gun at him, killing him instantly.
Wandell fled before tbe coachman
could reload and the latter then turned
the gnn on himself. No suspicious ac
tions had been detected on the part of
the coachman, but it is thought that he
became suddenly insane and seeing
Caryle, who was supposed to be one of
his best friends, he determined to kill
him.
IN FINANCIAL STRAITS.
Tennessee's Legislature in Extra Session
to Mi rt t.mergenclea.
NASHVILLE, Tenx., Sept. S.— The Ten
nessee Legislature met yesterday in re
sponse to a call of Governor Turner, to
make provisions for sufficient revenue to
tide the State over until January. Treas
urer Oraif; declares there will be a deficit
of# $300,000. Controller Harris says that
after all the expanses are paid there will
be a surplus of $72,000.
The situation is rather grave. A mes
sage from the Governor was read. Alter
arrangement for appointment of commit
tees of investigation, the House adjourned,
tbe National holiday preventing the in
troduction of bills.
NEW TO-DAY.
The great tailor strike in New York. In which thousands of people were involved, has coma
to an end. fV THE STR KEkS WON THE UAY!
On account of this great strike hundreds and hundreds of orders were countermanded.
The goods could not be delivered at the time agreed upon. This consequently caused an
immense accumulation of seasonable merchandise. The manufacturers were stuck and com-
pelled to turn their enormous stock into cash. Our resident New York buyer was there, right
in the field, and bought for spot cash
SB9.GGO WORTH OF MEN'S, BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S TJULOB-MADE CLOTHIfIB
IN ADDITION
— __ __.
To the GREAT STRIKE SALE we
: closed out from panicky and terror- *|
stricken manufacturers stock after
stock of
Men's Hats, Caps and
Men's Furnishing Goods
At equally Ruinous pricrs. They were
glad to unload and get the cash. These
goods we shall Mil on the same terms— ]
. that is at prices away below cost of the
raw material. ' I- very dollar worth of
this immense stock of excellence and
elegance was made for the coming ;
FALL AID ' WISHER WEAR. j
 ..„ „,, „ , , f,,,,,^,  n ' nim i
Men's Farcy i ilk I ne..'s $150 rail
Neckwear | Fedora Mat
—14c— I —79c—
Men's neavy auk Aicii'.s Heavy
Neckwear in Cotton
Tecks or Four-in- Natural Gray
Hand Undershirt and
Latest Styles Drawers
—23c— —29c—
Men's 10c Heavy 300 doze.i Men's
Socks. " 4-piy
Strike price Linen Collars
— 4c— - —6c—
■ II HIM I ■ ■Mill II
Men's 25c Sus* 200 dozen
penders, Patent Men's Linen
Wire Buckle, Cuffs
— 9c— —9c—
Men's tim $2 00 Derby and Fedora
hats, Fall S y»es,
—94c—
50i!ozen men's 75 dozen .nen's
Up-io-Da:e Per- Unlaundered
cale . bins, Shirts
$1 50 Quality. _4.« r
Snk Price —^" c —
7Q. Former price
| — /^c — 1 75c.
Men's $2.50 nats, all Fall styles,
—$1.33—
Men's 75c Boys' 75c.
Half-Laundered Felt
Negligee Shirts, Crush
Artistic patterns, Hats
—43C— --3'9c—
WITH THE TINT PRICES,
924-930 MARIiET STREET, «PPOSITE THE OPORIOII.
SALE TO BE CONTINUED UNTIL STOCK IS DISPOSED OF.
BANDED TO BURN
A KENTUCKY TOWN
State Troops May Have to
Be Called Out to Check
the Mob.
SPRINGFIELD'S DANGER
Incendiaries Start Fires in Re
venge for the Arrest of
an Assassin.
FEEE TURNPIKES DEMANDED.
Fifty Participants in Some Rather
High-Handed Proceedings to Bs
Lodged in Jail.
SPRINGFIELD, Ky., Sept. B.— The de
mand for free turnpikes in Washington
County has developed a mob which may
have to be quelled by State troops. Yes
terday the Sheriff went out in the country
to arrest the men who shot Tollgate
Keeper Wells Saturday night and riddled
his house with bullets. The men, who
numbered over fifty, defied the authori
ties and threatened to burn the town of
Springfield if an attempt was made to
arrest them.
Yesterday at dusk the Sheriff arrested
Joe Settle, a member of the mob, and
brought him in to jail at midnight. In
the meantime, however, the man's friends
got wind of the affair and moved on
Springfield, appaiently to put the threat
to burn the town into execution.
The arrest occurred at 6 o'clock, and st
8 o'clock the large tobacco warehouse of
P. W. McLaughlin, within a square of the
courthouse, was in Humes.
The people, remembering the threat,
thought it was being executed, and in a
few moments the streets were alive with
men armed to the teeth and determined
to give the incendiaries a warm reception
if they attempted any further outrage.
To-day business practically suspended
and every man is armed. The names of
some nfty participants in the outrages
are known, and the Sheriff has organized
a posse to capture them.
Vail of an Elevator.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Sept. B.— The freight
elevator in the dry-goods house of Harg
gedine, McKittrick <fe Co., on Washington
avenue with eight employes and three
customers of tho house on board fell from
the seventh floor to the basement to-day.
No one was killed, though all weTo pain
fully injured.
Kentucky Town Terrorized bp a Mob
SPRINGFIELD, Ky., Sept. B.— The citi
zens of this place are badly frightened
over the threut of a mob to burn the town
if any one attenmts to arrest them. Two
buildinjrs have been burned. Business is
practically suspended, and armed men are
patrolling the streets.
The vast aggregation . of Fall and Winter
Clothing will be placed on sale THURSDAY
MORNING.. September 10, at 9:30 o'clock, th«
same to be sold at half of the price to manufac-
ture. NOTE THE FOLLOWING PRICES:
Men's • ~
Clothing.
Men's Ail-Wool Black and
Blue Cheviot Suits, all fall
styles, well made, $7.00 &A An
value. Strike Sale «jptt. i ±l
Men's Melton and Cassi-
mere Fall Suits, made In
correct style. Price was <&*' (\n
$10. Strike Sale ..;..,$£)• «? I
Men's Fine Black, Blue an« '
Mixed Cassimere and Che-
viot Suits, the very latest
style cut. Regular Drioe ©/* Afr
$12.00. Strike Sac tjpD.^bO
Men's Fine Cassimere and
Worsted butts, all colors.
Price was $13.00. Strike Oft Qf»
Sale $V.U I
■■■•■■■■•#■,■■'.:■■■■.
Boys' and Children's
Clothing.
Children's $2.00 School
Suits, ages 4to 15, now QQ/»
Children's Nobby $2.50
Knee Pants Suits, acres 4 &-t A Q
to 15. Strike 5a1e............ UltftO
Children's Regular $3 5O
Knee Pants Suits, in a
great variety of patterns, C*-l (\q
all sizes. Strike 5a1e....... «jJ>l.t/O
Children's $5 Knee Pants
Suits, hundreds to select
from, sizes 4 to 15. Strike dj»«) An
fale $ii. z R>
34
POPULISTS WANT
MONEY BADLY
An Appeal Issued to Every
"American Patriot" in
the Land.
FUNDS FOR THE WORK.
Contributions of $i Would Be
Acceptable to the National
Committee.
LAVISH PROMISES ARE MADE.
At the Same Time tbe Stand of tbe
People's Party in the Past Is
Praised.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. B.— The
following address to "every American pa
triot" has been issued from the headquar
ters of the National People's party. In
full it reads :
To Every American Patriot: The People's
party, as its name implies, ia the champion of
tbe masses who labor and produce wealth. It
was summoned into existence by an indus
trial conterence that represented the products
of the Nation. When It sprang Into tne politi
cal arena it was the only party demanding the
enactment of laws for the suppression of
monopolies and for the equal protection of all
citizens against the encroachments of corpor
ate power. It is now the only party in exist
ence which with undivided membership is de
manding equal rights to all and special privi
leges to none. To the efforts of this party is
due the revolt of the masses of the Democratic
party, which resulted In turning down the
Cleveland administration and its British
financial policy and the nomination of W. J.
Bryan on a platform demanding financial in
dependence for the United States. The pluto
cratic elements that heretofore dominated
Democratic conventions and dictated nomina
tions are now vigorously resenting the action
ol the Chicago convention, which they con
sider an unwarranted interference on the part
of the voters.
They have organized, and are now to open
the campaign as aggressive allies of the gold
Republicans, and with their money and votes
will do everything in their power to defeat the
will of the people by the election of McKinley,
tbe Republican candidate, whose nomination
was dictated by and whose administration is
mortgaged to a combination of American and
English monopolists and plutocrats.
The mission of the People's party is to re
store the Government to the people. To thiß
end it has nominated Mr. Bryan for President
and Mr. Watson for V ice-President, which is
not only the true co-operative ticket for silver*
voters of all parties to unite upon, but which
is also the best silver ticket in the field. Our
friends must not abate one jot or tittle of their
interest or efforts to advocate the principles of
the People's party because another party has
been forced to adopt nearly all of our princi
ciples. It must be remembered that control of
tbe National Democratic party was obtained
by the silver men of that party only through a
bitter contest in each State — a contest, how
ever, which was forced upon the party and its
leaders by the existence and rigid growth of
the People's party.
Had it not been for the People's party each
one of the old parties would this year have
been running a gold bug for President, as they
have in each campaign for the last twenty
years. The People's party has made this
political revolution possible, and its continued
existence and growth are necessary to secure
reforms for which the Populists and silver
Democrats are alike contending in this
campaign.
It must be also remembered that there is now
a considerable majority in the Democratic
party who, though supporting the action of the
Chicago convention, do so from policy, and
behind their present position is lurking "many
a doubt and mental reservation. That these
doubts and mental reservations may yet re
enforce the bolting plutocrats of the Indian
apolis convention and render the action of th*
Democratic party uncertain in the future are
possibilities to be discounted, and the People's
party is the only agency through wliich the
people can do this.
Therefore it is the Interest and duty of
every good citizen who believes in a govern
ment as administered by Jefferson, Jackson
and Lincoln to upbuild and strengthen this
National organization, which has made re
form and reiiei possible in this campaign.
To have a government of the people the
people must have a party that is true to them
through which to obtain such a government.
This they Cannot have if the National party
draws its campaign funds from bankers and
corporations. The National committee of a
party exercises great influence in the selection
of National officers, from l'resident of the
United States down to the village postmaster.
Whenever a National committee, through
some secret and unsten agency, collects large
sums of campaign funds, then it is sure that
that party is mortgaged to those who con
tribute such funds. In fact, such a party is
Bure to pass laws giving to the monopolists
and trusts who furnish these campaign funds
special privileges that will enable them to levy
tribute upon tbe people. When contributions
to campaign funds come from *uch sources
they do not come as a gift, but as an invest
ment, upon which they expect a return of a
hundred fold. If this were not so the trusts
and monopolists would not throw their money
away in campaigns; therefore the people
must contribute iunds for some political
party during the campaign in order to have
that party to guard tneir interests after elec
tion.
If the People's partr is placed in power it
will serve the peopie: and vo be left free to do
this your National Committee cannot and will
not accept contributions from the monopolists
who seek special laws to enable them to prey
upon ihe people.
The People's party proceeds from the peo
ple and is of the pt- opie, and must receive its
Eupport from the people direct in tiie form of
small contriDutions from the individual voter.
Such small contributions from the individual
voter of any party will furnish an abundant
campaign fund lor all legitimate purposes
and enable the party receiving it tosuccess
lully compete with any corrupt organization
of bankers, corporations and venal politi
cians.
Therefore in behalf .-of the people of the
United States, who produce wealth and pay
taxes, the People's party National Committee
appeals to all who are able and willing to do
so to contribute the sum of $1 to our National
campaign fund.
A prompt response is urgently requested to
enable us to prosecute a vigorous campaign in
defense of our homes and liberties, that are
menaced by a combined plutocracy— the
Kothschild- Morgan-Han na-McKinley Combi
nation fighting us in iront, and the Roths
child-Morgan-Cieveland-Paimer combination
fighting us in the rear.
Four years more of gold standard and
monopoly rule, with falling prices and shrink
ing values, and thousandsof mortgaged homes
will be lost and thousands more of our laborers
will be without employment. Plutocracy is
desperate and 1* determined to have a Presi
dent and Congressof lv own, that will increase
and use the army to suppress bread riots while
gold grows dearer and human life grows
cheafer. ,
Your National Committee is doing the best
it can against a rich and powerful combina
tion. For us to stand any hope of winning
you must uphold us. If we could have but 1
cent for every $10 used by the enemy we could
carry on a vigorous campaign that would
mean tbeir defeat.
This is your fight. It is our fight. Hold up
our hands and we will do our duty in the ter
rible struggle. Don't wait for somebody el»e
to move . What is everybody's business is no
body's business. Make this your business. At
once see several of your neighbors; try to get
them to contribute at least $1.
If some cannot do this then get eacn to give
as much as he can. In short, take up a sub
scription in your community at once end for
ward the amount, with tne names of the con
tributors, to Hon. M. C. Rankin, Terre Iluute,
Ind., our National treasurer. Also at the same
time notify your National chairman at Wash
ington, I>. C, of tbe amount thus forwarded.
There is no time to lose. It is now only eight
week* until the battle will be y, on or lost. Be
the first in your community to forward a nub
■crlption. We must win this fight. Let each
do his duty and victory await.* ns.
Marion- Huttkr,
Chairman Notional People's Party Committee.
J. A. EoaßftTOMi Secretary.
AT HUNG CHANG'S PLANS.
Extensive Railway System to Be Built
tn Mis Satire Country.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept B.— Chinese
residents of this city have appointed a
committee consisting of Mark Ten Suie,
Gee Hee and Loui King, representing
three big Cninese mercantile concerns in
Seattle, to wait upon and pay their re
spects to Li Hung Chang upon his arrival
on Saturday at Vancouver en route home.
Mark Ten Suie, who is a representative
of the better class of Chinese, says the dis
tinguished Viceroy's visit means much to
the United States; that Li will upon his
return to China begin the construction of
a system comprising no less than 33,000
miles of railroad, arid that go!d and silver
mines in a range of mountains extending
for 1500 miles along Northern China will
be opened. Much iron and machinery to
be used iv developing these enterprises,
Mark Ten Suie states from private Cbi
nese advices, will be purchased in the
United States. Mark says that Li pro
poses the publication of a book embracing
bis experiences and what tie has learned
on his trip upon his return to the Flowery
Kingdom.
IN JAIL AT FIOALLA.
Franfc Davenport Arrested as a Train-
Robber Suspect.
VISALIA, Cal., Sept. B.— Frank Daven
port was arrested tbis morning before day
light at a cabin near Sequoia mills, Fresno
County, by Detective Brighton and Deputy
Sheriff Frank Hafley. He is now in jail
here, charged with being an accomplice
in the unsuccessful attempt made by Dan
McCall to rob the Southern Pacific train
near Tagus on the 18th of last March.
This is the second time Davenport has
been arrested.
For several weeks an attempt has been
made to get Si Lovren, who is under sen
tence of life imprisonment for bis connec
tion with the robbery, to make a confes
sion. Last Sunday he maae a statement
to the officers, and enough information was
obtained to justify the officers in arresting
Davenport. Charles Ardeli, who is also
charged with being an accomplice of Mc-
Call, will be tried on Thursday of tbis
week. _____________
WEDDED AT SAN JOSE,
Dr. I. N. Frasse aod Miss Maude
Argues Become Life
Partners.
Brilliant Ceremony in the Parlors of
Hotel Vendcme at High
Noon.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Sept B.— The mar
riage of Miss Maude Argues and Dr. I. N.
Frasse took place in the parlors of the
Hotel Vendome at noon to-day. The wed
ding was an elaborate affair and was at
tended by the elite of the city. Miss
Evelyn Murphy was the maid of honor,
and the bridesmaids were Miss Mattie
Taafe, Miss Lolita McGeoghean, Miss
Moliie Taaffe, Miss Mabel Argues and
Miss Lizzie Carroll. George W. Hender
son was the groom's best man, and he was
attended by Martin Murphy, Richard
Hotaling, John Enrigbt, Peter Donahue
and Clement Argues.
Tbe parlors were beautifully decorated
with palms, smilax and flowers. In the
folding doors between the parlors bung a
large Dell of white roses, and under this
the ceremony was performed by Rev.
Father Mahoney. An orchestra behind a
bank of palms played Mendelssohn's wed
ding march as the couple and their at
tendants entered. After the ceremony the
guest* partook of a wedding breakfast, the
orchestra playing a Swedish wedding
march during the march to tbe banquet
room. The menu was elaborate.
A reception was held later, after which
Mr. and Mrs. Frasse left for San Fran
cisco, whence they will go Jo New York
for a couple of months' visit.
The hride is a daughter of Mrs. Nellie
G. Argues and the late Joaquin Argues.
She has been prominent in society since
her debut a few years ago. Dr. I. N. Frasse
was formerly a resident of New York. He
came to this city eighteen months ago.
Parker Contest Resumed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Sept. B.— The Parker
will contest was resumed in Judge Rey
nolds' court this morning. The court
sustained the objection raised by D. M.
Delmas to a portion of the deposition of
Mrs. Ann Law, on the ground that it was
remote and of a hearsay nature. The
reading of the deposition was then
taken up.
FORT HALL MINERAL LANDS.
Valuable Tracts to He Placed on Public
.snti« by the Government.
POCATELLO, Idaho, Sept. B.—Govern
ment Commissioners John i>. Goodwin of
Atlanta, Ga., and C. G. Hoyt of Beatrice,
Nebr., are in the city to treat with the
Bannock and Sboshone Indians. There
are six different tribes to treat with, the
Fort HalJs of Idaho, Uintahs of Utah,
Asricmas of Washington and the Crows,
Cheyennes and Fiatheads of Montana.
It is not ttie intention at tnis time to
allot in eeveralty the lands ot Fort Hall
reservation, but to agree on a certain por
tion of the reservation south ot Rosa Fork
and surrounding Pocatello to be cut off
and placed on public sale. This strip com
prises a large area of mineral lands, and
its settlement will be of the utmost im
portance to tho future of Southeastern
Idaho.
CHINO RENCHO TRANSFERRED.
Forty Thousand Acre* of Land Tasted
Into English Ownership.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. After a
long series of interminable delays and
hitches without number, the ownership of
the great Chino Kancho has passed from
Richard Gird to an English syndicate
headed by Jo»n F. Gilmour. This ranch
comprises 40,000 acres of line land, and
lies mainly in San Bernardino County,
with portions in Los Angeles and Orange
counties. The price was $2,500,000.
Guadalupe isanrha Mine.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Sept. B.— The
Consolidated Asphalt Company has aub
leased the right to mine for asphalt upon
the Guaduhipe rancho for a term of years
from William Horswick, the original
lessee from Rene de Tocqueville, the owner.
Toe consideration is $100,000.
British Columbia 1 ' P'tiiion.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Sept. 8.-A mon
ster petition praying the Federal Govern
ment to restrict Japanese immigration and
raise the Chinese tax to $.300 has been in
circulation for three d»vs in the province
and has been signed by" 10,000 British sub
jects.
The Viking Js Haf*.
ASTORIA, Or.. Sept. 8.-The Relief
succeeded last night in freeing ihe
schooner Viking from its perilous position
at the mouth of the river. The Viking
proceeded on its way to 8s n Francisco
Only a portion of the deckload was lost.
Bomieid" at Randsburg. *
BAKERSFIELD, Cau, Sept. B—lnfor
mation wais received here this evening
iLai a miner named Scott killed a saloon
keeper named Richards in aa affray at
Kandsburg this afternoon. Scott is under
arrest.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
McKINLEY RALLY
AT PALO ALTO
Stanford Students Cheer
for the Republican
Leader.
SPEECHES BY CLASSMEN
University Orators Denounce the
Policy Fathered by
Bryan.
BRAINY YOUNG MEN IK LINE.
No One Fonnd at the Institution to
Organize a Democratic
Club.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal,, Sept.
B.— Tbe Republicans held an enthusiastic
meeting heie last evening, and for two
hours the quadrangle resounded with
yells for the Republican candidate for
President. Four hundred students turned
out to listen to the speeches, all by stu
dents of the university. The meeting was
held under the auspices of the McKinley
Club, which numbers several hundred
members now. The Democrats had a
club, but its officers have become Repub
licans during the past summer, aud as yet
there has been no one to call a meeting.
The Republican rally was the first of a
series to be held during the campaign.
The meeting was called to order by Mr.
Switzer '9S, president of the club, wbo
made a brief but ringing address on the
need of organization among tbe students
to advance the cause of McKinley and
prosperity. He introduced Sheldon '96,
formerly a Democrat and an oilicer of tho
Democratic Club here. Sheldon was one
of the Stanford intercollegiate debaters in
the last debate with Berkeley, and his con
version to the cause of sound money is
considered quite a circumstance here.
Sheldon made one of the best speeches
of the evening. He mentioned briefly tbe
dancers of the proposed Democratic mea
sure and policy and the disaster likely to
result to tbe commercial interests of the
country from tbeir adoption. He advised no
one to cast a vote for tne gold nominees —
Palmer and Buckner — on the ground that
it would be a vote thrown away. A Demo
crat in favor of sound money must vote
for McKinley, he said, for he weakened
tbe great cause he believed iv should be
cast a vote for Palmer.
Sheldon emphasized the fact that inter
national bimetalism was the only sort of
bimetallism that would be practicable,
and showed bow intimately the policy of
this country was bound up in that of other
nations.
Ross, also an intercollegiate debater,
made a lucid statement of the issues at
stake. His speech was roundly cheered.
Among others who addressed the meet
ing were Squires '97 of Nebraska, who
believes his State will go Republican,
Lake '97 and Kinney '00.
EDDY TALKS AT SALINAS.
J'rotpeetire Beet- Growers Shown the Ben
efits of Protection.
SALINAS, Cal., Sept. 8. — The political
campaign in Monterey County for 1896 was
opened in Salinas this evening with a
rousing gathering of Republicans from all
portions of the county. Hon. J. R. Heb
bron presided. The new opera-house was
filled from gallery to proscenium arch.
The speaker of the evening was Hon. T. V.
Eddy of Minnesota. Not at any time
caring his two hours' speech did the audi
ence lose interest in his arguments.
Eddy discussed the 16 to 1 question, and
proved that the Republican party has
been the only true friend of «ilver. His
handling of the real issue, protection,
brought forth cheer after cheer from the
audience, showing that the old Republi
can doctrine still arouses more enthusiasm
than does any other issue. His mention
of McKinley 'b name was received with an
outburst of applause. He showed the Dem
ocratic voter how much more benelit he
would receive under a tariff that would
bring $1 per ton here to the beet-grower
than under Democratic policy. This struck
home. Every beet-grower is anxious to
get as much for his beets as possible, and
many Democratic voters who iutend to
raise sugar-beets for the mammoth fac
tory to be located here prefer a tariff that
will yield them from |10 tT $20 per acre
more than the legislation advocated by
Bryan.
LOS ANGELES CUMRING.
Secret Agreement Between Populists and
llentocrata.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Sept. B.— a
joint meeting of the co-executive commit
tees of the Democratic and Populist par
ties here, an agreement is said to have
been entered into secretly, whereby a
fusion is to be effected between the par
ties at interest, looking to joint tickets on
candidates for Superior Jndgeships, the
Legislature and Supervisors. The plan is
that the Populists are to have tour out of
six of the Assembly candidates, two out
of four candidates for Superior Judges
and two out of three Supervisorial candi
dates, while the Democrats are to name
the candidate for the State Senate.
This scheme is said to be in furtherance
of the White-Cator combine to control the
election of United States Senator next
winter and two years hence. The move
will meet- with tremendous opposition in
both Democratic ■ and Populist conven
tions, which meet here next Monday, and
it is now believed that fusion will be de
feated.
Orange County Jtepublieans.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Sept. B.— The Re
publican County Convention to-day nom
inated J. W. Ballard ior Superior Judge
and H. W. Cheynoweth for Assemblyman
from the Seventy-sixth district. George
C. Perkins was indorsed for United States
Senator and the Assemblyman was
pledged to him. The delegates to the
Thirty-sixth District Senatorial Conven
tion, comprising Orange, Riverside and
San Bernardino counties, which meets at
Newport Beach on the 2Qih inst., were
chosen. The convention closed witn three
rousing cheers for McKinley and tbe
county ticket.
Uumholdt County ftisionistt.
EUREKA, Cal., Sept. B.— At a joint
meeting of the County Central Committees
of the Democratic and Populist parties to
day, it was resolved to turn over the
management ot the campaign in Hum
boldt to a committee of nine, composed of
Democrats, Populists and Silver Repub
licans. Those selected are: Democrats —
P. W. Matthews, D. X- B. Sellers, James
V. Coouan; Populists — S. Fuimor. C. L,
Devlin, J. W. Kennedy; Silver Repub
licans—David Evans, Ed Barnard, K. W.
Wandesforde.
Prospective Fusion' in Kern.
BAKER6FIELD, Cal., Bept. B.— A
political ?ensatiou was sprung here today
by the unlooked-for withdrawal of J. W.
Ahem, Democratic nominee for Superior
Judue, and George W. Wear. Democratic
nominee for A«semblyman, from t'ue
Democratic county ticket. Both Ahem
and Wear were the unanimous choice of
the party at its recent county convention.
In his resignation, Ahem claims tnat it
is done tor the purpose of forming a
fusion between the Democrats and Popu
lists. It is rumored that the Populist can
didate for Judge and Assernblymau will
also resign to aid the scheme. A confer
ence of the two parties regarding the mat
ter is announced for Thursday morning.
■Mcl.achlan at Santa Ynese.
LOS OLIVOS, Cal., Sept. B.— The Re
publican campaign was opened in the
Santa Ynez Valley last night by tbe Hon.
James McLachlan at Santa Yncz. Mc-
Lachlan spoke to a large and attentive
audience, and his exposition of the falla
cies ana impractabilities of free silver, as
advocated by Bryan & Company, was a
revelation to many who imagined they
understood the proposition. The speaker
used argument unanswerable, supported
by facts and figures, in favor of the real
issue— protection. The meetins closed
witn cheers for McKinley and HoDart.
Sai/s Free Ailcer Means Ruin.
SEATTLE, Wash., Sept. B.— Baron yon
Herman of the German Embassy at
Washington, D. C, who is studying the
agricultural resources of this State, in
discussing politics to-day said: "Bimet
allism by the United States aione would
cause great ldss to your country, but free
coinaee, which is virtually the adoption
of the silver standard, would be much
worse. I am not surprised at the with
drawal of capital from this country under
present conditions."
Utah Gold itemocrats.
BALT LAKE, Utah, Sept. B.— The gold
Democrats of this State, led by Parley L.
Williams, decided to-dt»y to hold a con
vention and nominate presidential elec
tors for Palmer and Buckner.
STANFORD'S CLASS-RUSH
Freshmen Defeat Sophomores
in the First Clash of
the Year.
Newcomers Take Many Prisoners in
an Exciting Contest for
Supremacy.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Sept.
9. — The first class rush of the year came
off to-day, and as a result the "nitty-nits"
are walking around with their heads high
in the air, for the sophomores were downed
in an efficient manner, notwithstanding
their organization and pluck. Fully sixty
men had been organized by sophomores,
who elected Rollie Wilbur '99, tbe shot
putter, as their captain, and Freeman, the
tennis champion, as first lieutenant. The
who c number was divided up into squads
of three or four men each, and all were
provided with rope. Last evening they
donned their rushing clothes and marched
about tbe campus and the men's dormi
tory shouting their battle cry:
'Rah, 'Bah, 'Rah,
Sis boom ah;
'99, '99,
Ha. Ha. Ha.
But the freshmen were hot to be taken
in in that manner and so avoided the rush,
but notified the "sophs" that they would
be on deck this afternoon— and they were
with a vengeance. Everybody knew that
a rush was to occur and the chief subject
of conversation curing the lunch-hour wa«
how it would result. It was well known
that the fresbmen had more large men
than the sophomores and that they were
greater in numbers, but experience and
organization were all on the aide of the
sophomores.
Shortly after the lunch-hour the fresh
men prepared to march uporf the sopho
mores, who were believed to be ensconced
behind the big museum. Tbe news came
then that the "sophs" had been making
hay while the sun shone and had captured
all the freshmen as they came up from
Palo Alto; that these men. to the number
of fifteen, had been sent off in a bus to
Redwood City, five miles away.
A scramble over the field to the Palo
Alto road was made by the seventy or
more freshmen and here they met in bat
tie. It was a sight to be remembered.
Neatly dressed co-eds were on hand in
plenty, but they evidently oared less for
their unfortunate brothers than did the
Berkeley uirls. There was no administer
ing to the wants of the wounded. Upper
classmen were on in plenty, and those
who steered clear of rushes when their
own class rushing days were on seemed to
be more prominent than ever in advising
tbe combatants.
Both sides were dressed for tbe occasion
in tbe oldest, most tattered garments pro
curable.
The scrap was fast and furious; at first
one aide seemed to have an advantage
and then the other. Men would sway
backward and forward in their wrestling-,
roll in the dust till they were as black aa
coal beaver?, tie each other up as fast as
possible and ti.en be carted off to the re
spective piles of prisoners, perhaps to get
loose and do it all over again until they
were utterly exhausted. The fight lasted
forty minutes and culminated in tbe
carting away by tbe freshmen of all their
prisoners to neighboring points, tbe pris
oners being dropped off along the road to
make their way back as fast as they could.
The yeil of the 1900 classmen changed
from
Rah, Kan, Ru,
Rah, Rah. Ree,
Nineteen Hundred,
Ceuiury,
n
Rah, Rah, Ru,
Rah, R.ih, Ree,
Nineteen Hundred,
Victory.
And the class rush of the year was over.
COMETS OSSERFED AT LION.
The Astronomers Are Watching Three
Counter* {Through Bpaee.-'
LICK OBSERVATORY, Cal.. Sept. B.—
There are now three comets under obser
vation at the Lick Observatory as follows:
Brooks' periodic comet (1889.V). The places
of the comet are Riven in Astronomische
NachricUtcn No. 3369. The comet is laint.
Glocoiiini's comet (D, 1890), discovered Sep
tember 4 at Nice, was observed by Professor
Huucy September 5 and 6. The pojition for
September 6, 6916. G. M. T.. was R. A. 17h.
14ui. 58.35., declination south 7 deg. 52 mm.
•M sec. This comet is faint.
Broods' comet (E, 1896), . discovered by
Brooks at Geneva, N. V., September 4, was ob
fcerved by Messrs. Hussey and I'errlne Septem
ber 6, 8355, G. M. T.. K. A- 13h.51m. 44 Is.,
declination north 55 deg. 24 mm. 52 sec. This
comet is laiut a..-<>.
Alaska lieindter Flourishing.
PORT TOWN SEND. Wash., Sept. B.—
The schooner Ida Schnauer arrived this
morning from Port Clarence with a cargo
of ivory and whalebone. It brought one
passenger, J. C. Wedstad, superintendent
of the Government station at that point,
who is bound for Washingtou via San
lrancisco to report. The reindeer intro
duced into Alaska some years ago from
fcioena are reported to be flourishing, the
ii- rd numbering exactly 1200. Four hun
dred and fifty of these are at Port Clar
ence, where an increase of 132 is reported
this season.
X-uinliloX -uinlilo Pool- (teller* Trial.
SAUSALIIO, Cal., Sept. B.— Two more
jurors were impaneled to-day to try the
case of Max Cohen, charged with selling
pools. It will be tried with a jury of ten
on Tuesday next. The jurors impaneled
are J. s. Susanika, M. T. Earreira, B.
Vogel, John Taseira, C. V. Wreder. J. V.
Siiva, Joseph Lawrence, W. P. Damiana
kio, Charlie Scott and Pierce Wilson.
JUDGES HISSED
AT SACRAMENTO
State Fair Crowds Resent
a Seemingly Unjust
Decision.
TWILIGHT SET BACK.
Disqualified for Breaking A/ter
Winning Three Heats in
a Trot.
PKINCE GIFT EEATS EUNYADI
Easily Captures the Three-Year-Old
Sta.ke— Betty G?ntry Takes a
Purse.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Sept. B.— A
shower of hisses from tbe grand stand and
betting-ring greeted a decision, seemingly
as unjust as it was technical, rendered by
the judges at the track to-day. Laurel,
driven by Keating, was a barred favorite
in the betting before the 2:24 trot, but
what caused her to repeatedly break in
the three heats following tbe first, which
siie bad taken in a jog. will probably for
ever remain a conundrum. Twilignt,
owned and driven by. the old veteran,
Dennis Gannon, took the second, third
and fourth heats, aud was enthusiastically
cheered, as every one supposed that a
purse had fallen where it was most
needed. During the supposed deciding
beat the mare made two very slight
breaks, and forty yards from the wire,
owing to tbe nervousness of tbe driver,
left ber feet and ran under the wire, al
though it was plain to all that the mis
take did not better her chances. But tbe
rule was fortbeoming that permits the
judges to disqualify a horse for repeatedly
breaking, and as in this particular case
tbree times was considereded "repeat
edly," Twilight was placed last and tbe
beat given to Niece.
The attendance was good, but the bet
ting was very light. No doubt this could
in part be Dlamed to the poor card, which
was far below mediocrity. Prince Gift,
Laurel and Betty Gentry were the mooey
winners.
There were but two starters in the three
year-old ntake, valued at $550. Hunyadi
at one time ruled favorite, but the betting
shifted in favor of Prince Gift, who was a
Ito 3 choice in the books when the pair
were called. The Prince won as he pleased
in straight heats, Hunyadi never being
able to get near him.
Six scored up in the 2:24 trot. With
Laurel barred, Addisnn sold choice at $10,
the field bringing $7 and Harry Win
chester $4. Laurel took the opening heat
easily in 2:20, with Addison second. Then
she began acting crazily, and would finish
any place but close up at the end. After
Twilight bad taken two heats and was de
prived of the third. Laurel went out and
stepped two very pretty beats, taking the
purse. . The books laid 25 to 1 against the
field defeating Laurel in the first heat won
by Twilight.
The last race on the card was the 2:22
pace, heat dashes. Palatine acted so
badly in scoring that she was finally left,
after having broken one bike and at
tempted the trick on a second. This left
but three starters, with Nellie B a 7 to 10
favorite. Betty Gentry, driven by W. H.
Stimson, and a 2}^ to 1 shot, took the
first and two following dashes very clev
erly in 2:16, 2:21, 2:21. In the second heat
Nellie B was distanced, but the elastic set
of rules was again drawn and she was al
lowed to start again.
Trotting, 2:25 class, three-year-old stake, value
MM ■■-. -■ - - -
Prince Gift, br. g., by Good Gift- Belle (Wil
liams) ;..,.H l
Hunyadi, b. Hueo-Ornh»n Glr! (Dastln) 2 2 2
Time, 2:24— 2:261,4— 2:26%,
NEW TO-DAY.
X The World's }>
X Best Natural Aperient Water X
x 25 Years Success in the U. S. x
Q Highest Reputation all Over the World X[
A CAUTION : None genuine without the signature of A
O the firm "Andreas Saxlehlier," onthelabel II
IS MANHOOD
EVER LOST?
Strictly speaking, no! at least, hardly ever, except in extreme old age. What we
call "Lost Manhood" and "Nervous Exhaustion" is merely weakened power.
Underneath the ashes the fire remains aglow. It requires careful scientific treat-
ment to fan it into a bright flame of Hie and energy.
' Your despondency looks foolish— is foolish. Keeps yon from getting well. It's
the worst part of your sickness. Try and get over it. Try and look like a man—head
up, body erect Then do as a man should
■-^^^fSfilfijjgSljtL. do; get belp in a common-sense way.
' '>^v^^P^"~ U \ at lor the sake of your existence — for
yj&kjjiNmr \ the sake of those dear to you or dependent
(ss&£' \ on you, don't play with fire. Leave quack
1 w&ftW"* *-*^- _A medicines, cure-all-aud-everybody nos-
tfC&v) c^C~l3^\l^-t Go to a specialist. Go to one who has
«-_vV\T \*~*r I VI devoted a lifetime to this branch of human
iSLJ-w I afife-*/ suffering; who cures where others try and
1 waftPlhiM rmlitS^r To the deuce with false modesty! As if
/v *$Jssoil {$% this greatest of specialists would "blab"
_^^-offl-M3_MF about you. or give your case any other
./Kv§r9fcw irMi^*7/jrk. thought than is necessary to cure you.
«ttfo ilfo-JJ&gfc-wfvhK^ Doctor Cook treats with wonderful suc-
smi&sBMm&%ffiW Hit-. CeSS not on!y nerv ' olls debility of young,
v Mk wß63Bi®% \OTfr^A $ tPSIPSR middle-aged or old men, but he cures
I - . ■ * - female complaints and all c ironic and in-
DOCTOR COOK ternal troubles of both sexes. His spe-
cialty also embraces eye, ear, throat, nose.
brain, liver, lung, heart, kidney, stomach and bowel diseases; also piles, fistula and
rupture, hydrocele, varicocele and kindred ailments.
Write if you cannot call. You can be treated successfully by mail. Tell every-
thing, • 3
O rice Hours— 9 to 12 A. M., 2to 5 and 7to 8 P.M. Sundays from 10 to 12 A. M.
only. Address'
DOCTOR COOK,
865 MARKET STREET, Opp. Powell, S. F., Cal.
Trottlnsr, 2:24 class, three in five: purse $1000. ;
Laurel, b. m., by Nephew-by .Elec
: tioneer (Keat1n*)... .........:........ 16 3 5 11
Twili.ht, b. m.,bv Noonday (Gannon) » 116 3 3
Niece, b. m., by Pangloss (Ilolbrook). 6 4 5 12 2
Addisou, bit. ti., by James Mid'son
(Nelson) . :...„ 226 4dr
Harry Winchester, b. h., by bitauboul
(Hodges) : ......532 3 dr
Alias, b. m.. ty Woolsey (Galnes and
Havey) 4 6 4 2 dr
Time, 2:20— 2:19—2:19-2:21— :19»/4— 2 :20.
Pacing, 2:22 class, heat dashes; purse f 1000.
Betty Gentry, b. J., by Kaymond-by Del Sur
(StlmsoD)..... 11l
Ed l-affertv, b. h., by Cbarlea Derby (Laf
ferly) 2 2 2
Nellie B, b. m., by Christmas (Baker and
Havey) 333
Palatine, eh. m., by Tom Ben! on (Bennett), left
Time, 2:16—2:21—2:21.
Following are the entries for to-mor
row's trotting and pacing events:
Trotting, purse $ 1000, 2:15 class— Gallette,
George Washington, Challenger Chief, Gazelle, |
Jasper Avers Helena, Chris Peterson.
Pacing, purse $1000, 2:14 class— Plunkett,
Allie Cresco, Al Gregor. Col Ben ton, Welcome,
Strathmont, Hanford Medium, Bell, DelNorte, ;
Prince Almont.
Trotting, purse $1000, 2:19 class— Anita, !
Neernut, Mamie Griffin, Conn, Tuna, Chan- ,
vari, Stella, Carrie C, Fitzsimmons, Nettie !
Hambletonian, Steve, Letter B, Clay S, Stam
boulette, Eva T. . : ..
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Standing of the Clubs and Scores of the
Games Played in the National
League Yesterday.
Clubs.
Woo. Lost. ££.
Baltimore —
Cincinnati
Cleveland......'. t
Boston
Chicago
Plttsburg.
Philadelphia
New Voric
Brooklyn
Washington.
St. Louis.
Louisville.:
82 34 .706
72 44 .620
71 40 .612
67 *8 .560
66 53 .554
83 53 .5.39
57 60 .487
57 62 .478
64 62 .465
49 67 .422
36 83 .302
29 87 -260
BALTIMORE, MD., Sept. B— Score: Balti
mores 10, 12, 6; Louisviilei 9, 14.1. Bat
teries— McMahon and Robinso'i; Fraxer and
Dexter. Umpires— Donnelly aud Miller. Sec
ond game: Brflumores 6, 7, O; Loulsvilles 1,
6, 3. Batteries— Corbett and Robinson; Hill
and Miller. Umpires — Dexter and Donnelly.
Called on account of darkness.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. S.-rScore: Wash
ingtons 8, 13, 2 ; St. Lonis 3, 9, 3. Batteries-
King and Farrell; Kissinger and Murphy.
Umpire — Lynch. Second game: Washingtona
5, 9, 0; St. Louis 1, 5, 4. Batteries— Norton
andMcGuire; Hart and McFanand. Umpire —
Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. B.— Score: New
Yorks 8, 14, 0; Pittsburgs 6, 11, 1. Batteries-
Sullivan and Wilson; Hastings and Merritt.
Umpire — Emslie.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., Sept. B.— Score: Pnila
delphias3, tf, 5; Chica<cos"7, 7, 1. Batteries —
Carsey and Boyie; Griffith and Donahue, Um
pires—Henderson and Campbell.
RACING AT TONELAND.
Opening of the Fall Meeting at Irving ton
Park.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. B.— The fall
meeting of the Portland Jockey Club
opened at Irvington Park to-day. Fine
weather, a fast track and an aggregation
of some 150 visiting horses from Cali
fornia, Idaho, Montana and Washington
made tbe sport attractive. Something
new to racetracks was seen in the shape of
an electric starting-gate, which was lately
planned by J. W. Cox and successfully
used at Helena. It. does away with even
a slight chance of any jockey getting an
advantage in starting, as at the post tbe
starter presses a button behind his Dack
and the gate flies up.
Trotting, 2:25 c!a?s, Condee won in three
straight heats, Frank O'Neill second. Best
time, 2:21.
Pacing, 2:21 class, Estella won, Altawood
second, sjtanwlx »hird. Time, 2 :23^.
Half a mile dash for two-year-olds, Miss
Heppner won, Begonia second, Mowitza third.
Time, :51S£
Three-quarters of a mile dash, Baby Ruth
won, Jim Bozeman second. Time, 1:16.
. Mile dash, Gold bug won, Fullerton Lass sec
ond, Billy McCloskoy third. Time, 1 :45%.
STATE HEOURLS BROKEN.
Fast Work of Con Baker and John
Bedgem at Columbus, Ohio.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Sept. 7.— The State
records for a mile and a half mile were
broken at the bicycle races held here un
der the auspices of the Orient Wheel Club
yesterday. Con Baker reduced the State
mile record from 1:58)4 to 1:57 1-5. He
made two attempts before succeeding. In
the first he was paced by a sextet, but the
riders were unfamiliar with it and he
made tbe mile in 2:03. He started again,
paced by a triplet. This time he suc
ceeded, John Hedges of Columbus re
duced the amateur half-mile State record
of :58 to 57 3-5.
nuppiness to &a/ifi? >*3 specialists of
from the Hudson Medical Institute. '' Write for
i circulars and testimonials.
The extraordinary Reiuvenator Is the most
I wonderful discovery of the age. It has been
indorsed by the leading scientific men of
Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the dis-
charge in twenty days. Cures LOST MAN-
HOOD, constipation, dizzine.«s, falling sensa-
tions, nervous twitobings of the eyes and other
I parti<. Strengthens, invigorates and tones the
entire system, it is as cheap as any other
remedy.
HUD'YAN cures debility, nervousness, emi«-
sions, and develops and restores weak organs.
Pains in the back, losses by day or night
stopped quickly. Over 2000 private Indorse-
ments. •
Prematurenesß means impotency in the first
stage. It Is a symptom of seminal weakness
and barrenness. *It ran be stopped in twenty
days by the nee of Hudyan. Hudyan costs no
more than any other remedy. Send for circu-
lars and testimonials.
TAINTED BLOOD— blood, due to
I serious private disorders, carries myriads of
tore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-rolored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to hot springs by using the great 30-day cure.
Call or write for 30-day circulars.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kills SU. (
San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
Liverpool & London & Globe
I INSURANCE COMPANY
OP LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December, A. D. 1895, and fur the year
I ending on that day. as made to tbe Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of lbs
Political Code, condensed in per blank furnished
by the Commissioner. -
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock paid up In
cash : 11,228,20000
:,;.. v ;;-.Ass x .-..r^—
Real estate owned by company "..:. f 5,797 96
Loans on bonds ana mortgages .... - 8,348,067 77
Cash market value of all stocks and
■ bonds owned by company 29,116,018 73
Amount of loans secured by pledge
of bonds, stocks and o.her market-
awe securities a* collateral 2,818,431 54
Cash in banks. 166, 700
Interest due and accrued on • alii -
stocks and loans ( .«.....,
Interest due and accrued on bonds f ■ •*°» « <°
I and mortgages..: 1
Premiums in due course of collec- '
tion 1,540,77402
Rents due and accrued 1,745 27
Due front other companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1,106 81
Annuities, life and reversionary in- V
terest purchased by the com-
pany 1,832,898 31
Total assets 553.04?.816~i»
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid "1
Losses in process of adjustment |
or in suspense L $728,08500
Losses resisted. Including ex- |
penses i
Grose premiums on fire risks run- "
ning one year or less, $5,842,- :-^;;.i--
-022 76; reinsurance 60 per cent .. 2,921,01138
Gross premiums on' nre risKS run-
nine more than one year, #4.576,-
-000 71: reinsurance pro rata 2,353,10133
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual lire insurance pol-
, icies :......; 331,215 81
Liability under life department.... 29,334,740 09
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.. 14,056.00
All other ' demands against, the
company .....:....:........ 849.733 03
Total liabilities .'.... ..1..836.681.94J 83*
INCOME. ™ ~
Jfet cash actually received for fire <
premiums 98.015 21
Received for Interest and dividends • >• •v. '■ ■
on bonds, stocks, loans and trom - ■■ ■ \ - ( V r
ail other sjurcea 944,683 46
To. al income 98,960,156 67
EXPENDITURES."
Net amount paid for fire losses $4,391, 42
Dividends to stockholders 1,283,82900
j Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 1,208,977 52
Paid for salaries, fees and other ■•
charges lor officers, clerks, etc . 616,707 12
Paid for State, INaiioual and local
taxes. • 151,61079
All other payments and expand!-
lure 602,079 90
Total expenditures «8.254,46» 75
FIRE.
Losses Incurred during the year.... 9 4,891.258 42
RISKS AND PREMIUMS. I V
Fire Risks, i Premium*, ~
Net amount of risks
written during
the year .... 92,289,416,250 $11,334,040 96
JS'et amount of risks . . ,
expired during
the year.. ....... 2.344,242,285 11,374,256 50
Net amount In ■■ . ..  . .
force December
31,1896.. 2,027,508,105 10.418,023 46
J. M. DOVE, Manager.
T. X. AL3OP, Sub-Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 14th day
Of AprlL 1896. ' • W. J. SULIS,
Vice and Deputy United States Consul at Liverpool.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
No. 422 CALIFORNIA ST,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. '
CHARLES D. HAVEN,
Resident Manager. ,
Redemption of Dupont-St. Bonds
TREASURER'S OFFICE, CITY AND COUNTY
-I. of San Francisco, September 2. 1390.
Holders of l>u pout- street. Bonds issued under an
»-:t of tae -tat-e Legislature entitled "An Act to
Authorise tbe Widening of bupont Street, in 'lie
City of «an Francisco." adopted March 23, 1876,
are hereby notified that the underiigned will re-
ceive scaled proposals for the surrender of said
Bonds as provided by Section 13 of said act, at bit
office In 'he new City Hall. San Francisco, until
12 o'clock noon of TUhSDAY, September 15, 18s»0-
The amount to bo applied to th« redemption of
said Bonds is about ninny thousand dollars
($90,000). Bidden will state at hat rate they
wUI surrender their Bonds for payment.- lfs»
coupons due. So proposals above par will be. con-
sidered. '.->••■■
Bid* to be indorsed "Proposals for Surrender of
Dupont-street Bond*." a. C. WIDBEK,
City ana County Treasurer.STOCKTON'S
GATES AJAR
Cta^niaai fnm Sb-tt Pac«-
route a* sh#y bejt*n their journey. Am to
jest how many Native Seas were in line
estimates differ, bet there were probably
in tne neighborhood o! 1300.
Tte start w.is made from Native Sons'
Hail about 7:30 for the S - dock boat for
Oakland, in connection wita which a
special train to Stockton hid Deea ar
ranged for. The line of march was down
Mason street to Market, and thence to the
erT T- , The prccessioa was led or Grand
Marshal DrTGeorse N. Van Ordea, whose
chief fsta2w4 William F. Ambrose, the
assistant chief of stafl being W. a Owens,
and tbe aids J. O. Gantoer. Walter E. Mc-
Creery, J. P. Spaar, J. C. Freese, F. G.
Norman Jr., George T. Reynolds. J. J.
Jamison, L. Fiahbeck, C H." MitcneU, J.
C Ohiaridt, O. paiaa, T. J. Bridges,
Wilriasi J. Sseckmaa and J. C. Clement,
First of all came the fireworks wagon.
from which rockets were discharged dur
ing the entire march from Mason atrset
until :hefoctoi Market street was reached.
Then in line next was a «qa%d of police,
ail Native Sons, and commanded by Cor
poral Sbknabaa. a Native Son. Behind
the police were Gr^nd Marshal Van Ore: en
and his sta2. The precession was divided
into four dirisioos, which were made up
as fallows:
First division— Henry Stem, marshal;
aids. J. F. Dryer aad R. C. Kelly. Grand
eS»a of the Native Sous of the Gcldea
"^"eat, Blaachard's military baud, Califor
ni* Parlor No. 1. Pacific" Parlor No. 10.
Golden Gate Parior No. 29, Aicatraz Par
lor No. 145, South San Francisco Psrlor
> 0.157-
Second division— L. C. Pistolesi, mar
shal : aids. N. Nathan and A. Lane. --
quoia Parlor band. Sequoia. Parlor No. 160,
Alcalde Parlor No. 134, San Francisco
Parlor No. 143, olym?u3 Parlor No. li 9,
Presidio Parlor No. 134.
■ 1 a
. "arlor N"c . ■
■
Ql Bay
— VUrsoai, G. C. Groe
3S. Frat
-3<!o Pir.c •
Tte crowd was most dense, as usual, j
rear the junction of Geary, Ketrnr, i
Third aad Marksi streets, cue it was large
a: other point-, asd the enthusiasm of
the spectators m fairy appreciated by ;
the men in the trocesaicn. Wagons con
taining red fira were interspersed along
tee line, which Kept xip % continuous glow
of Light. With ail the bands playing aad
the many parlors marching; with the
grand array o* Aaericaa Sigs aad Cali
fornia Republic sigs, which were dis
played by the score ; with the flittering of
fireworks and the rreat concourse cf
people assembled ca Market street, the
spectacle was certaiaiy exhilarating as I
well as pieasiaz.
Goiaz dawn Market street the special
diversion of a kicking mule was afforded
by D. J. Eitis. marshal of the third di
vision, who rode the beast. The mule
«ras between a band and a red-lire wagon.
Every time that it felt the spur, aid that
was quite often because of the necessity of
checking iis erratic method of moving
aooat in the procession,' it tried to kick.
First it tried to kic£ Native Sons near it
at the prick of the steeL Then it tried to
kick Marshal Ellis, who was on its back.
This diversion was crovided during nearly
all the march. N.i one was hurt and
some amusement mm induced by the un
ruly animaL
The procession necessarily presented a
somewhat somber appearance, as about
all M Battfi Sens were in dark clothes,
their departure from citizens' drees being
marked chiefly by badges and regalia.
Many carried gripsacks fa the line con
taining natty uniforms of light colors.
which are expected to electrify the natives
when they are exhibited in ths rracd
parade cf all the parlors of the State at
Stockton. There were a few whit* caps
and straw hats in sight, bet these were
few. Two members of Rincon Parlor ap
peared in full uniform, acting under mis
take. Two members of Presidio Psrlor
carried la-. bundles of Japanese on
brellas* which are expected to accentuate
the airy marching of the members of that
body,
When the procession reached the foot of
Market street a great crowd was gathered,
which blocked the entrance to the ferry 50
that the police had to clear a passage lor
the various paricrs. heeded by their bands,
to pass through. On both sides of the po
lice lines the spectators pressed closely.
The Cram corps passed at the head o» dm
parlors onto the Piedmont, playing ia
lively fashion, and the Native Sens, with
a fail sprinkling of Native Daughters, soon
crowded the lower deck of the boat frcm
bow to stern and occupied a large aaatc of
the cabin. The greatest amount of enthu
siasm, was manifested, some of which was
worked off in pranks by younger Native
Sons, who amused themselves by throw
ing torpedoes among the crowd.
So far the programme bad progressed
exactly as it was laid cut. Sometniag like
■M tickets had been placed for sale up
town, so that the Native Sons who marched
in the procession were already supplied
with the necessary pasteboards aad there
was no delay to sceak of at the ferry.
There were rousing cheers as the Pied
mont moved out of the slip.
la the procession on Market street were
the members of Mission Parlor, but they
did not co to the Piedmont, navine- ar
ranred to go op on the steamer T. C
Walker, on which they took their band
and made preparations for great fan en
route to Stockton, their programme in
cluding a minstrel performance. Some
thing like 300 tickets were sold for passage
on the i.earner, and as the berths num
ber less than that the rhanees that many
will pass a sleepiest night are good.
The steamers departed before the
main body of Native Sons embarked on
the Piedmont. The Airiso carried cp
Native Sons frost Santa Clara County
early in the afternoon, and Stanford Par
lor aad the Oakland Native Sons went in
two divisions at 4:30. so that altogether
large delegations had gone forward already
before the body of the parlors from this
City were fairly under way.
When the Piedmont reached the Oak
land mole the scene can be better im
agined that described. There were be
tween" 1300 and 1500 excursion:* on the
boat and they all prepared to make a rash
for good sects on the ears, and wh n the i
rasa was fairly begun the line of speeding
Native Sons extended from the boat half
oi the length of the big depot en the mote,
the imaiJieasffjtii no longer taking rank
according to the color of their regalia, out j
' being classed by leg ability alone. The [
consequence was that the membership of •
the parlor became scattered and the only I
solid phalanx 1 1 move sedately toward the I
train was made go almost exclusively of '
these who were too fat to maie much of a
I success at running.
The event proved that the speediest
I ones might well have spared their speed, [
I and it is by no means certain that tte j-
I lagging material for a fat man's crgaaira- [
laoa did not get the choicest aad totted j:
cushioned seats after all. The special \
train to take the Native Son* to Stockton i
was waiting on the track in two sections, I
one section being made up of day coaches 1
aad the other section consisting ex
clusively of sleepers. Some few excur
sionists went over on the 7 o'clock boat.
and they succeeded in the next heer in
getting into one ear which was opened up '■
for them and this they fairly filled. Bat j
all the ether cardoors were either locked
or barred by railroad employes against
the excursionists in the day-coach section. I
I The sleepers, to obtain a berth in one of!
I which involved an extra charge of I*2,
[ seemed to be open, bat the crowd bad no '
intention evidently of betnc forced Into
the sleepers. They first scormea the !
doors of the day coaches and waen they
f jund them looked and noticed over 1800 i
Native Sons and Daughters" standing j
around in the station between the two I
sections of the train and excluded fro I
the carj, their lansuage became forcible [
i the ears, directly aimed at Southern I
and was directly aimed at ttti Sou:
Scezcs and Jnztdents Attending the Natives' Invasion of Stockton.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9. 1596.
Pacific Company, which, was causing them
incoovenience.
After a if ale some of the more enterpris
ing found out that they cocid ret in
throoxh the windows of one of the cars,
aca a scene of great activity ensued.
Those who got in first constituted them
selves a committee of assistance and
manned the car windows by twos, one on
either side of a window. Then they in
viMd other Native Sons to be ranked in,
and very soon the windows seemed to be
/\r\ Ode to the ftatiVe Sorxs of California
O stalwart sons c: Si* stalwart cen whose mmbj me the Tfullaari
glory,
Whose m^hty thews woo the land you own and bequeathed it yea
forever.
Whose deeds are writ for the race to read m the world's Immortal story,
And whose pale brows from thw deathless wreaths no moral bands
shall sever!
O stalwart sons of a race of kings,
Accept the song as old sum sings.
There » no land in the whole wide world Eke this great land of oars.
Beloved of men with a child's tree bye for the gifts so nobly
given;
Beloved of God, who pets His seals in the shapes of radiant flowers
Upon each inch of oar fruitful soil to make men sore of heaven.
O stalwart sens of a mighty land,
What hand so wise as a Father's hand?
The Eastland shrinks 'neatfa the fiery heat; the snow and the ice
assail her;
Her face is lashed by the tempest's whip and scarred by the
lightning's finger ;
Nor threats nor prayers of weary men against their fate avail her—
The Fasttand treads a gloomy path whereon few sunbeams
Enger.
O stalwart sons, the EastJand bears
A heavy cross up fife's steep stairs!
Our land is free from the storm's rough breath, the hurricane gods
are sleeping;
Our seasons pass with a rhythmic step through the chain that the
days are weaving;
Oar songbirds sing with a saucy air — their mates in the East are
weeping ;
Our land is loved by the laughing sun— the snow-decked East b
grieving.
O stalwart sons of the mighty West,
Which land, think you, of these is best?
The rough old sea on our land's soft marge its white-souied spray is
Singing—
"What strand so fair as the Western strand?" the laughing
waves are crying;
The deep-sea birds of their Western loves in hoarser tones are
singing
As, homeward bound on the wind's great wings, they fly when
day is dying.
O stalwart sens, the birds should know.
For o'er the whole wide world they go.
Our air is sweet with the smell of herbs and fresh with the breath of
grasses;
Our fields are rich with a wealth of grain bred forth by the sun's
caresses:
The young winds dance on cur mountain tops and ring in our gloomy
passes —
They ride at will on the laughing waves or hide in the grain's
long tresses.
O stalwart sons, could the East but see
The Westiand's rich fertility!
Our girls are cast in a golden mold ; their cheeks wear the kiss of
morning;
Their Bps are tinged with a deeper red than tinges England's
roses;
They grasp the truths of the great new fife which everywhere is
#love ~" Z Go<3 — aye, the love cf ™*^- — within their hrarts
The love of God— aye, the love of man— within their hearts
O stalwart sons, our girls are good —
The type of truest womanhood.
Ye know the worth of the gift fun well— gift of the Father's
giving—
And well ye know bow your sires toiled for that which ye inherit ;
And well ye know that without true work no fife is worth the living,
And God's judgment deeds well done * Death's crown alone
shall merit.
O stalwart sons, ye will not shirk
From finishing your sires work?
Then up and do while the day is yours. Work steadily and surely
To make the Banner of th; Bear defy those stars above you; "
Have faith in self, in State, in God. So men shall reap securely
In days to come great benefits, and all the work! will love you.
O stalwart sons, Love's all that's worth
Our striving for upon this earth.
1856. . HOWARD V. SUTHERLAND.
1 .
weli filled with - y me heats and wireline
bodies, whien were polled tnroogh with
neatness and dispatch.
About this time the other can in the
day-coach section were unlocked, and the
crowds on the platforms rushed in antii
the seats were all taken. The •*■
soagnt the steepmc<ar seer on of the
train, with the undemanding that cnieaa
they had berths made np for them the fare
would be the same as oa the day coacaes.
Tbe extra 12 wis only for the sleeping ac-
Soneristeadeat Wilder evidently mm
pecad that there would be an over-dc-
Bsand for sleeping aecoawiodations at
Stodkts* which hoteJe and k>dging
hosses wooM be anahie to satisfy, for
there were fifteen steepen in the second
-action of the special.
Not all of these were filled, three or tout
being left behind.
The day-coach section off the special got
away from the molt a little before 9c 'dock,
aaud cheers and with druas beating aad
fifes biowinz. The second section fol
lowed soon after, and the San Francisco
Native Sens were on their journey with
out accident to mar their pleasure. The
special train was not decorated.
The selling of tickets kept members of
the Native Seas* et mmittee busy all day
yesterday, and bear flags indicated where
the tierces were. Charles H. S. Dryden.
D. 1 Fitzgerald, Henry E. Faure and F.
W. Smith handled a large number of fares
and expedited the movements of the ex
cursionists, Including the number who
went forward by boat " and all trains
II ■ probable that San Francisco
contributed at least 3000 yesterday to the
demonstration at Stocxtoa.
SAN DIEGO CLEBRATION.
> at iz't B«9i» :.%<■ JfflPrTnaMa; *m tXe
&+mtA*rm City.
SAN DIEGO, Cal.. Sept. The Native
Son's celebration opened to-night with a
laurish of hundreds of trumpets in the
lands of " merrymakers. Before car
nasqoeraden appeared on the streets,
tad by 8 o'clock the principal thorough
ares Mintmadißjc the plaza were crowded,
rhile the common was jammed with
3lea>are-seekers. The Lity Guard band
■eadered an open-air programme, and the
naskers kept op noisy revelry until after
ntdnijcht. The best order prevailed.
To-morrow morning Admission day will
k ushered in by the booming of cannon
md roll of drome, in commemoration of
he admission of the Golden State in 1850.
it 9:30 o'clock the parade will form on
Lower D street and march throoch the
principal thoroughfares. All the civic
tad military organisations of the city will
lake part. Horace Sraodt, marshal of the
oeal parlor of Native Sons, is grand mar
shal of the day. Lew E. Anbury, presi
tent of the parlor, will preside at the
literary exercises after the parade. Hon.
W. J Ennsaker of Loa Angeles, a member
if gea Diego Parlor, will deliver the ora
tion. He is aa eloquent and learned >"*
live Son r and his address is certain to be
noteworthy. *
The road races of professional and ama
;ecr wheelmen will begin at 2 o'clock*
with leading wheelmen of Southern Cali
fornia as contestants. The route is from
Sixth and J streets around the bay to
Coronado. a distance of twenty-two miles.
A. special train conveying tie judges and
referees will leaTe with the scratch men,
keeping them in sight ail around the bay.
At 2:30 tee regatta on the bay m at
tract thousands of visitors. Th're are fif
teen entries of the fastest sloops, sharpies
and yachts on the bay, and the prizes—
finely entraved silver cope— lead to a
sharp competition. The outlook now is
for a bbs breezy afternoon.
The festivities . wili dee* at night with
the annual hall by the Native Sons, It
will be held in the spacious armory of
Company B. B. G. C. and will be the
largest reaction of the kind given this
year. Over 1000 invitations have been
issoad.
Sam J»m* C<*:iM'jen.i Stmrtm.
N JOSE. Cai., Seps. B.— About 300
■ Sons and Daugaters, accompanied
by the Fifth Begiment band, left this fore-
noon for the Admission-day celebration at
Stockton, by steamer from Atviso. They
include representatives front Observatory,
Palo Alto and San Jose parlors of this
city and the Giiroy. Hccutaiu View and
Los Gates lodges. Dancing will be ea
loyed en the steamer.
GOLD MINES AT CARIBCO
! There Is Plenty of tie Yellow
Metal in the Mining
District
Robert T. Ward of this City returned a
few days since from the Cariboo mining
; district. "There is gold in that district
i and in quantity, but it is not," said Mr.
; Ward, "a country to which men who want
Ito mine m a small way should go. Tne
| mines in that district are crave! mines,
; and it requires a great deal of capital to
work them. In the past they were worked
In the old-fashioned way, and considerable
gold was obtained, :at now large plants
are being erected to secure all the gold
that there is In the ground. One mine is
worked by a Saa Francisco company and
others are fcein» worked by parties from
i Chicago and other points East. There is
1 plenty of water in the district, and. as
; there is no objection toslickens. hydxaui
| ickin? will be resorted to. Where our mine
| is located. 03 371 acres north of QuenneUe
Lake, water is obtained frcm Masse!
: creek, and it has a fall of 3QO tee:.
"How are the mines reached? You can
; go by rail from this City to Aihford.
The a there is staging up a grade, which,
; forty-five miles from Ashford,has as i. -
; tade of 35C0 fee:. After that there is a
■ comparatively level count- - mines ce
inp on a sort of pis lean, surrounded br a
| lava formation, which is evidence of a
i volcanic upheaval at some time in the
i past. The Horse Fly Siver run* through
the district, asd on each side the forma
tion fcr a distance of nice miles or mere
shows that it is the bed cf an old river.
and it is in this that the gold-bearine
gravel is found. The depth to Decrees
Taries from ten to thirty feet. The coart
try there i» something tike the gravel
; mines of --*.: Valley .- Tubs Coaatj in
' this Suite.
"The season is from the Ist of April to
I the Ist of November; dzi^as the balance
of the time it is impossible to work as the
winters are very sever*-, the thermometer
showing 40 cesrees below zero. Ordinary
laborers earn $2 a day and expert miners
from |3 to |3 SO a day.
"To illustrate ttat it is not a country ror
; men without means I will tell you that to
pet up a hydraulic plant we had to build
a six- mile ditch and lay aCCOfeet of 3£>-fnch
stee! pipe. The customs daty oo the tnpe
was JgQOO. the cosf of the pipe $I-t,€Ca
transporftticn H5,0C0, making a total of
|40,C<:0. to say nothrng of the coat of labor
in laying the pice and building the dirches.
"Immediately aroand tneCarioooc
there is not much timber, but not far dis
tant is to be found aa nse pine and cedir
as can be found along the coast. The Cari
boo Mountains, snbw-co-rered the year
round, are visible from the ~\-r TTnder
recent legislation no one can now locate
more than eighty acres of mineral land,
and under the law the title Basses to the
locator at aai •aral claim, but in the case
of placer or grave! mines one can obtain a
lease for twenty years only, with a privi
lece of r~newaL
"The gold obtained from the gravel
mines is what is usually called 'Sate
gold,* r * and with that the speaker exhib
ited a vial of the yellow meuL
ATHLETES OF RIO VISTA
They Organized a Cnb and
Will Give a Bixing Ej
hib: ioa.
Intercollegiate Football Gaa»s Ar
ranged—The Armory.
Club.
The sportingly inclined residents of Bio
Vista have organized an athletic club
which ■»:. be known" as the Bio Vista Ath
letic Cruh, Dr. Makers son i* president, Dr.
Tcmer vice-president and D. W. Fraser
secretary. On the evening of the 13m
inst- the inaugural entertainment will be
Kiven, and the proeramme so far com
pleted reads: L. A. Payne of Sacramento
and Stewart Carter of the Olympic Club
of this City, four rounds; Joe Beay of the
Olympic Club and Jim Galvin of the San
Francisco Athletic Club, four rounds;
Frank Thcrcsaa of the Olympic Club abd
W. E. Henley of the Sacramento Club,
four rounds. There will also be some
wrestling marches between clever ama
teurs. The manazers . state that a first
cliss evening's fistic sport can be looked
for.
Georze Green has commenced training
for his czht with Tracey. which is boosed
for the 30th inst. at Woodward's Gardens
under the auspices of the Occidental
Club.
The Armory Club has completed its
programme for October 9. Besides the
Agaew-Kelty boat and the Aathocy con
tract regarding whippinc two men the
club has matched Billy flf- wanna and
Billy L«wis. she man who fooeht a fifty
nine - round draw with Jim Burtre.
"Spider" Kelly says that he can easily re
duce to 135 pounds by leaving cigarettes
alone for a few we-k«.
Tbe Hortoc boxing bill went into effect
in New York on September 1, and this is
the text of it :
A person who within fa* State engages fa,
hiwila aids, eneearases or dees »st act to
further a ammanea or fight, wlrasai weaaeaj
between two cr acre persons, or *2?atrt>Ta
moaly called a rtny or prize fight, either
attha or without tie State, or who esgajes .
apafclieor prtv*:« sr&rrin;r exhfattfea with
cr without cloves, within tee Sate, at which
an »d«ji3»ioa fee is ch*rje<l or received. either
directly or indirectly. cr ■» : : ---:•■- psV
Kaaes a caallaßKe or aeceptaaee of a eballeac*
:.:v:-:i aammthm sißHiHlbi or fight, ■:
carries or delivers sack a eaaMeage or ac
ceptance, or traias or assists any person in
traiatasr or preparing for ruca a crsnJeatiarr,
BKtaamsa or ::::. :• guilty :-. aamamneas ■
provi'le-i, however, mat sparring exaiv
with gloves of cot less t is- 2ve maeai men
ta weight may be held or a domestic- Incorpor
ated atMetie asaociatloa is. a boll dine leased
br it tor athletic parposes only for at least one
year, or is a trending owned and occupied by
sic — uscciatioz.
The schedule of foe ball games for the
earning, football season fs as lows: Be
iiasce vs. Berkeley, October 3; Olympic
vs. Stanford. October 10; Olympic vs.
Berkeley. October IT: Stanford «n Reli
ance. October 34: Berkelrr vs. Reliance,
October 31; Stanford vs. Olympic Novem
ber 7; Freshman came. November 14; Re
liance vs. Olympic. November 21; Berke
ley vs. Stanford, November 26. Fifty cents
will be charged for admission to th<» games
exceptiar the contests between Reliance
aadi Olympic and Berkeley and Stanford.
The admission fee will then be doubled.
Kaaeeil's Clo*e £teap« From Drewniag
In Governor Russell's college career he
had an escape from drowning from which
he saved himself only after more than an
hoar of swimming. He and five friends
had their sloop capsized in a sharp breeze
of! N'antaefcac and as the sloop sank the
only scoport left for the party was a sin?!*
oar. This was erven to two members of
the party, but one of them rdiaqtushed
his hold and was drowned, while Bnsseil
led the others in the hmc swim for shore-
He was the last man picked np by the £ah
ermen. who rescued the live in a dory. —
Boston Transcript. ■
The management of the Austrian female
prisons is in the hands of female religious
orders.
— — m ♦ — ♦
ea. waK&n JewvLrr, sCvirvm, a* Cacie
H Arru", IS Graj; areas*.
ADMISSION DAY
RACING EVENTS
Long Programme Taking
in Many Classes of
Goers.
GOOD SPOET PEOMISED.
ihe List of Starters Calls far
Numerous Horses at the
Post
EBTSEES ARE GIVEH" IS FULI
As They Have Been Arranged by tike
GoUea Gite Park Driving As
scci.
A£ne prazramnie cf events has been
prepared fay the Golden Gate Driving Park
Asaov. for Inglealde to-day,wh:cli in
cludes chances for the 2:35, 3:15, 43»,250t
2r5. 2^J and other classes. Ihe full pro
gramme for the day, as cificialiy as*
Booneed is 33 follows:
2:35 due. rro oa; cl three, cae-niCe teats— •
Hard Set. br. * VOBtZ. F. Gor=.*3; Jlateo, a.
mare, pacer. t. Fucii'z^ei.; Flan, b. mare,
trorter. "W_ G. Amcld ; Kah E*-Ha. tu :a«re,
p»oer. Dr. G. W. Luer: Ad* E, b. E.*re. pacer,
F. Fettt~«r; Dare, b. eu irotter, Joca T. Di-t.
3:15 das*, oee-srlle dz-iit—JUs. BtidJ, b.y.,
racer, E. G. Stiais; Wrevle. b. t, B*ccr. G.C
Wrece; Xeitle SeaU a, mare, tro::er. J'Jsepa
Sbanz 3«slZ*, b- cure, tracer, L. BiciArd
soa; - "iggle, mare, padir, Ciir.es L New*
Ban.
■4-ia.inate eliss. cxCe da's. — Brcce, b. g-, trot
ter, I. W. Riier: Tcay E, b. s-, tr&iwr, T. T.
Pectiager; Black J±ci, tis. jr., trctiar, M. J.
Lawlef; Ea<i Priajeis. blk. rs. c, trotter,
J. A. Sweeaey; EoarLie T ,i«, s. n^ pacer, Wil
liam Daaald.
-"•■:•.--.:;.-: 3, half-cifle heats — Bells
M. b. c^. uaeer, B •.:..- Correct, a, g., P*eer,
Gas BAuer; Blacker Giri, br. ra^. pacer, W. J.
Sl2ip3ca; Surprise, B %., trotter. J. Collins;
BtUy Buttoc, sr. Z-, pa-e*r. W. EtgjfiatQttoa.;
Jiss. ---••■. F. B»ancs; Lee
Psicien., &IS. fc_ p&eer, John McCirtr-
For horses 1300 p»>nad-- or ever, three
etgatSis caile £&sh— Kins, blk. %., tro-ttsr, J. E.
F1112; 3to.lie, s. ciire, trotter, CtirZes F. Sew
iaaa: Ginger, fcr. ?.. Crotter, Georz* Eacbto
ser; Das, b. g.. cr&tter, T. B. Bro<isr:ck; Naturai.
le*. s. rani, tritter, J. C. O_h.i»i:<i^
2:25 eiass, mile dash.— BiMj r b. g., F*cer, to
fe=e Cerdat; EavUaad. Kg_ sa.ee r, J. C Oa
l4Q<t:; 3£acic» ». g_. trotter, W. £L D* vis: Our
Joe, fcr-g.. trailer, Ed Aigeitin?er; lf*ttie B,
blk. ex.. ptcer, Adam Bikdr; Bill W. d. ir.,
pa.c*r. T. tierney ; iloogsr, s. g,, trotter, Ben
jaaiitt Levy.
2^>cliS3, two on: of three, cilie he*.t»—
Wiag Wise, b. n^ zacer, i. A. SweeseT; a!«
tert, *s*i. trctter. If- A. Re*rdoa.; ""■wrnt
Prices, ft. %., pacer, W. c. HA=.ertos
-3:30 class, oae-tttile — Lottie, b. Nt ,
trjuer, F. P. La=ter«-»as«r ; Borneo. s. g_ pacer,
J. 3. Diixiel: ilo_Lie ■- . >q«. b. m. , trotter, T.
P. Ifisaeina: Miis Bi*.aop> b. -a-, trotter. F.
W. . rap sec : Dandy, g.g, trotter, G.T. Rey
jroldj; Kicrr S, Jv. n., trotter, A. Schw»rta:
Batbj, eh. nu. trotter, J&=ies K. HaIL
Xliree-ia.t2!Xie clajs, oae-nrile dvh — 3«lly,
:. z: r tratrer. Cttrlts Voeie; Steia-Echo, b.
d-, p*cer, S. J. Smilb; Qseeaie, s. si_p«.cer. y.
JoHssoe; Stccktaa iLiid, b. 1., J. Kirfcy;
Anteo Coders, b. g., trotter, J. W.ifcDcaard Jr.
One-taile d*sh. free tor aU — eaowb*U. gr. g. t
pae«r r &. Ecterts; -..•ick, b. g-, p*c- - 31.
achweiuer; GcM*r. West. b. g., pacer, E. Cer«
cl&t; Colo i-. S. 31-, picer, F. German; Eot« 1
JO>. b. z-. pacer. C. I_ "•Vas.9amaa; it&Tii 3L.
a, Ei-, cratrer, J. Crsslj-.
I
I_f •"% \ OUGH oa the face—
II > v .it is what the *arav
J£ Wi L pariLas and iodide d
■»*• ▼•nßc potassium mixed-
are. When you want a good sarsaparilla
that wiil cure constipation, liver com plaial
and affections of the kidneys, take
No gripe.
YOU WILL OPEN
YOUR EYES
At the very low prices of oar new
importation of
CROCKERY!
56-p<ece Tea Set. la stek. Km ar brow a
d<scorasicc3.. — S3U
2a m I ■ •■- ■'■ Beawami anei *.z . a*
t«- Pl*ies. — 15
» Csia» Decorated P— mn Pities. Baa . 23
: CkisA Berry Set T piece*, Mara*. ....•• 11l
I liqsar Ses, ta wiciir Kaa<2. -»::i 6 &mss**. .. &S
; TbLa Chilli TtcSed Gobi Q«Mn .. 1!
[ Lvsi 1 bi DsawMeaCamaCatß Plates . 71
j Ccl : "r» * Glaaa TaW* iia^ wtt>aftatieaad
thtmmtr cemiuu «
!?"EAZOF.? mad SHEAR* rro«a4 by
skilled mechuics, a (pedal!?.
BSB-820 MARKET ST.
m
-ROXBORT 7r c
BRUSSELS IT
sGARPST^J ' ™
1 50 BEDROOM SETS,
i Ai A Pfl SELECTED ASH.
1 Pi'J.OU SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
0 1 «L — 3 Pieces, worth $1 6
SHIREK SHIREK,
HOC>£ rTTKXISffEBs.
74? Market 3tre«t, Oppo*it« Gnat At«
TzucraosK SJBL
ODEWEY&CO^V
at nts: ;}
>M»r22Q MARKET SI-SfNggS'
1:-:
56
"WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 9, 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Preot
rally acd Sunday Cam, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Dally and Sunday Cai.i^ one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Calx, six months, by mill., 8.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mill 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail* .66
•Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.00
Wksxxy Call, one year, by mall WO
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation t If
I (•, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it Kiss you for you will
in lea it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
HO EXTRA OHABOE.
BUSINESS OFFICE »
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-IBM
EDITORIAL ROOMS I
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
650 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open natO
8:80 o'clock.
539 Hayes street ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkla street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opea
| «ntu 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
US Math street; open until 9 o'clock,
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE i
Booms SI and 32, 84 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, or Ohio
FOR TICS-PRESIDENT—
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
California celebrates herself.
Stockton will look to-day about as proud
as she feels.
This is free Admission day for all who
1 honor the State.
State pride and National patriotism go
1 hand in hand.
The Natives have charge of the cele
bration, but we are all in it.
The whole Union should get in and re
' joice in the' day it admitted California.
It will do the National eagle good to
watch the California bear hugging himself
with joy.
The law calls them "Equalizers," but
they pay no heed to the law when it calls
them by that name.
McKinley talks always for protection,
prosperity and good wages, and that kind
of talk means business.
The so-called landslide in Arkansas was
probably nothing more than the caving of
the election law down the bank.
It is perfectly clear that the big vote in
Arkansas was machine made, while that of
Vermont was the hand-work of the people.
There is no doubt that the Fopocrat
leaders in this State are ardent for free
silver. They are out of campaign money.
While we rejoice En the greatness of
California let us not forgot to resolve to i
promote its welfare and protect its in
dustries.
There are many things to do in theso
days, but the one thing you must do is,
visit the Mechanics' Pavilion and Bee the
home industries.
Middle-of-the-road Populists would do
well to imitate middle-of-the-road Demo
j crats and put up a ticket they can work
' for with ardor and honesty.
Senator Teller never fails to remind his
audiences that he is for protection. He is
willing to support Bryan, but he won't take
up the free- trade platform.
Bryan's speech on Labor day was the
best he has mads during the campaign
and it would seem he can talk on almost
any subject better than on politics.
Though the visitors go" to Stockton for
pleasure they should not forget to inquire
into the industries of the San Joaquin and
thus get a double profit from the trip.
Watson wastes his breath in railing at
Sewall from th» safe distance of Texas.
He ought to go to Maine and challenge
his rival either to meet him in joint debate
or submit to arbitration.
The official body that reduces the assess
ments of the Southern Pacific 1 Railroad
and increases those of the people of San i
Francisco would probably smell just as
eweet if it were called a Board of Un
equalization. , , ,
The reports of the celebration of Labor
day in all parts of the Union show a
marked growth in the power and prestige
of organized labor and that is one of the
best evidences of coming prosperity that
the country can offer.
The most absurd thing in the Demo
cratic campaign iB the attempt of the
fusionists to get Kelly to come down in
the Filth District, when everybody knows
that Kelly is running simply for vindica
tion, and has got himselt fixed so he can't
come down.
One good accomplished by the gold
Democrats in nominating a ticket is the
Bavin* of the Republican party from the
possibility of a Cleveland hoodoo. Until
Palmer and Buckner were put up on a
straight gold platform, there was always a
danger that Grover would say something
in favor of McKinley.
The fact that so able a speaker as Ma
guire failed to draw an audience to hear
him speak at the State Fair on the silver
question is a proof that the people are
getting weary of the subject. It has be
come a thrice-told tale in this State and
the campaign of education on that issue
is complete to the satisfaction of the
masses.
" The Pitts burg Dispatch has issued a well
written and well-printed pamphlet bear
ing ' the title, "A Silver Symposium,"
being an analysis of the money issue and
containing vital facts on free' coinage; or
iginally embodied in a series of articles in
the Dispatch written by James F. Hudson.
The work furnishes answers to the silver !
raonumetallists, and is an important con
tribution to the sound money side of the
. campaign. j
ADMISSION DAY.
To-day we celebrate the admission of i
California as a State in the American
Union. The- celebration is to be conducted i
by the Native Sons and Daughters of the j
State. These are the children of the pio- j
neers and the argonauts. Through their
parentage they represent the stalwart I
manhood and womanhood that have made |
California what it is, and in themselves ]
they present the streneth and grace that is
to make the yet more glorious California
that is to be.
It is altogether fitting that this day
should be celebrated in California, nor
would it ill deserve a celebration through
out the Union. The admission of Califor
nia brought into the sisterhood of States a
free commonwealth, whose union with the
others made the United States an ocean
girt republic and erected on the Pacific
Coast, as well as on the Atlantic, those in
stitutions of law and liberty which consti
tute the best form of government known
to man. The new State thus admitted
was destined by its wealth of gold to be so
important a factor in maintaining the j
Government through the Civil War as to
well-nigh deserve the title of the savior of
tbe Union. Though its population was at
the time composed of almost equal num
bers from the Northern and the Southern
States, its loyalty during the war was
never doubtful. California came into the
Union to stay. She came into it to protect
it and defend it with her wealth, her
energy and the best blood of her people.
In a more important respect therefore
than attaches to the admission of any
other single State, the admission of Cali
fornia was a notable event in the history
of tbe Union as well as of the State. It
merits commemoration for all time to
come and that commemoration has been
most appropriately undertaken by the na
tive sons and daughters of the State. They
from the very fact of birth and training
within its limits feel for California a love
which perhaps not even the pioneers
can feel and which later comers do
not know. Their pride in being Califor
nians mingles with their patriotism &3
citizens of the Great Republic, and in their
celebration the festival of Admission day
unites the bear flag with the stars and
stripes in the harmony of a blended and
inseparable loyalty.
California has good reason to be proud
of her sons and daughters. In them ap
pears the best offspring of the biending of
mauy races and the assurance that the
Californian of the future will be as emi
nent for strength and grace among the
races of the earth as was the Greek of the
ancient world. Our land in soil and in
climate is more conducive to human
health and happiness than any other land
on earth. Our people represent the most
energetic and vigorous specimens of the
foremost races of mankind ana their
union in such a favored region cannot fail
to produce the highest type of manhood
the world has yet seen. Surely the youth
of the State has a right to rejoice in its
heritage and all who live in California
and love her should rejoice with them in
the celebration to-day.
In these days of theory, ivhen fancy and
folly run mad, ue calmly point to the four
years under Harrison and confidently say
that the policies of sound money and protec
tion which then prevailed with a wise and
capable President will come again to the peo
ple of this country when the policies of sound
money and protection once more prevail u-ith
another wise and capable Republican Presi
dent. — Chauncey Depew.
POPULISTS WANT MONEY.
The appeal of the managers of the Popu
list party to the rank and file for money
contributions for campaign expenses is
curiously worded. It declares to start I
with that the Populist party is the cham
pion of the masses who produce wealth by
the sweat of their brow, so to speak, and
that if the Democratic party now stands
i for or advocates a single principle having j
! the air of respectability it was driven to it
by the Populists. The address speaks of
Bryan and Watson as tbe party's candi
dates, and claims that they are the only
true exponents of the principles of Jeffer
son and other gentlemen with political
records who lived in the long ago.
The amusing part of the address is
where it is claimed that the Pooulists
forced the Democracy to turn down Cleve
land and his following. The Populist
party may have driven the Democracy
into repudiating Cleveland, but unless
history is greatly at fault the very same
Democrats who drove Cleveland out into
the cold captured the Populist National
Convention, and used its machinery to
nominate the Democracy's candidate for
President.
The address suggests that there is a good
deal of suspicion lurking in the minds of
Populists that the Democracy cannot be
trusted. It says the future of that party
is uncertain, which means that in the
matter of principles it is like the prover- I
bial flea, and that the less people have to
do with it the better it will be for them.
There iB an invitation in the address to
all believers in the doctrine of free silver !
and in the several other declarations of !
the Populist and Democratic platforms to j
join the People's party if they would i
be in good company. The proclamation
is well calculated to make Populists a
good deal more aggressive when dealing j
with Democrats, and also to make Demo
crats like Populists less than ever. The
Populist managers are not so stupid,
however, as some Democrats have sup
posed them to be. They propose to handle
their own campaign money, which is hit
ting the Democracy in its weakest spot.
In this crisis, when the National honor and
all that that involves — the business, the em
ployment and the prosperity of the country —
w at stake, the Republican party welcomes
with open arms the assistance of patriotic
Democrats who care more for their country
than for an organization which has been tem
porarily seized by the tumultuous and evanes
cent forces of revolution, of communism, of
anarchy and of repudiation. — Chauncey
Depew.
TAXES AND VALUES.
More than a year ago The Call pub
lished a table of figures showing how for
ten years the Southern Pacific had cheated i
the State of its dues by giving a wrong i
valuation of its taxable property, and The
Call also warned the public that the same
thing would be repeated this year unless
the State Board of Equalization could be
brought to a realizing sense of the fact
that the people have rights that this mer
ciless corporation ought to be made to
respect. The Call was the first to take
up arms against the unjust and unfair
assessment of railway property in the
State of California, and it does not pro
pose to quit the field until the people's
rights are recognized.
It is preposterous to say that the valua
tion of railway property in this Btate
grows less from year to year, and it is
equally absurd to say that it is at a stand
still. The State increases in population
and commerce widens and deepens in vol- \
ume from year to year, and the railway is j
not only tbe leading factor in making j
j their growth possible, but it participates !
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
in a greater degree in the good results ac
cruing than any other agency. More
over, the betterments which go into a
railway improve its physical condition
and correspondingly reduce the cost of
operating trains. The value of a railway I
should be measured by its present and
prospective opportunity to earn money,
and hence its earnings should be the basis
for assessment for taxes. When the mile
age of a railway increases and its value
remains the same or decreases, it is
safe to say that it is an object of gross
favoritism, and that appears to be the case
with the Southern Pacific.
But, notwithstanding the assessment of
San Francisco is some $30,000,000 higher
than last year, and that, too, in the face of
the fact that movable property more es
pecially has decreased in volume, and
hence in value, the Board of Equalization
has, by the most arbitrary and unwar
ranted action, raised taxes in this City 20
per cent. The board did it yesterday, and
it will be a day long to be remembered by
the people of San Francisco. It is a vic
tory for the Southern Pacific over the
people; and it is a reflection upon the
good name of the Btate and a positive
damage to San Francisco to have such
methods employed by the Equalization
Board. It is the very opposite of equaliza
tion. It is putting burdens upon the
taxpayers of San Francisco that cannot be
justified by any kind of fair reasoning,
and it is all the more aggravating because
it is done to give the railways that which
in justice does not belong to them, and
what is worse, to railways that have
always exacted a full pound of flesh from
the commoner of San Francisco. The
question is, If the Southern Pacific can
saddle part of its own taxes upon San
Francisco this year and oblige her to pay
them, what guarantee is there that a
still greater burden will not be put upon
her taxpayers next year and for other
years to come?
The home market is the best frienA of the
farmer. It is his best market. It is the only
reliable market. It is his own natural mar
ket. He should be protected in its enjoyment
by wise tariff legislation, and this home mar
ket should not be permitted to be destroyed by
lessening the demand for American labor and
diminishing the pay of American workmen,
and thereby diminishing the demand for
agricultural products. — McKinley.
INCOMPETENT DEMOCRACY.
On general principles the Democratic
party should not be trusted with the ad
ministration of the affairs of the Govern
ment. The history of the country shows
that every Democratic administration did
it a great deal more harm than good, not
so much because the Democracy has no
brains, but because its theories of govern
ment have been always in opposition to the
real needs of the country. The party was
born wrong nnd out of sorts with the
spirit of the age. It never has been able
to understand that last year is not this
year. It knows that Andrew Jackson was
President of the United States, but it does
not know that he is dead. When united
in perfect harmony and Democrats every
where were of one accord the party failed
utterly to comprehend the meaning of
our system of government when given in
charge of it. To use a slang expression
the Democratic party looks well on dress
parade, but it gets rattled and spreads out
very thin when there is real work to be
done.
If, then, when the party is as one man
and is directed by the best thought, the
biggest brains and the most experienced
of its number, it fails at every point when
confronted by problems of state, what but
confusion worse confounded could be ex
pected of it when deprived of brains and
experience? This country can stand a
good deal of foolishness in high places,
and it can get along with kindergarten
rulers for a while, but as a sound business
proposition, administrations of that kind
should be very few and very far apart. We
have a Democratic administration now,
and it is admitted by friend and foe that
it and iis immediate supporters have a cor
ner on the brains, wisdom and experience
of the party, and yet a more humiliating
if not disgraceful failure at steering the
ship of state was never seen.
Now, if the greatest men of the party
are so incompetent what is to be expected
of men like Bryan, Sewall, White and Alt
geld? It would be asking too mnch of
them to give the country half as good an
administration as Buchanan did, or as
Cleveland is now giving. In fact, nothing
better than a haphazard, experimental,
try this and try that kind of a policy
should be expected of them. How could
they know what would be best and what
would be injurious to the country, except
as they guessed at it? After the country
has recovered from the mistakes of the
brains of that party and is swimming
alone in roo much of a proud and disdain
ful sort of a way it may do to elect a
Democrat, so that the people will have
something to remind them that they are
still upon the earth, but just now and for
some years to come the fewer Democrats
there are in autnority the better it will be
for the peace of mind and material inter
ests of the people.
W AGE-EARNERS TOR M'KINLEY.
Wage-earners of San Francisco are be
ginning to bo very outspoken on the polit
ical issues of the day, and like their East
ern brethren, they see no reliei from ex
isting stagnation in industrial life nor
from enforced idleness except on lines that
lead to such protection to our industries
as may be needed to overcome foreign
low-wage competition. It would be im
possible to print tbe names of the thou
sands of workingmen in San Francisco
who are taking an active part to secure
the return of prosperity by espousing the
candidacy of Major McKinley, but the
following are representative wnrkingmen
and they voice the sentiments of their fel
lows everywhere:
John Hammar, coppersmith, says: "I
am going to vole for McKinley and pro
tectiou. The general sentiment of the
masses is in favor of McKinley. Not be
cause it is McKinley, but because he Is
regarded as a man who is wedded to the
protective issue, and that is what we must
have." C. Bosthorn, tool-maker, says:
1 'Work for laboring men will come only
I under a Republican President. We must
j have him." Chris Krumbeck, teamster,
says: "I am a Republican. I have
found it the party ot prosperity— the poor
man's friend. Democracy may be all
right for the rich man, but for the la
borer it is a good party to avoid affiliation
with."
George E. Hammond, planing-mill man,
just returned from the Northwest, says:
"You don't hear any talk about gold and
silver up there. No, sir; those men want
work. They are willing to look out for the
pay afterward. They say on all sides that
the causes of the present unfavorable con
ditions are lack of protection and the lack
of confidence in the Democratic adminis
tration." C. R. Ny, machinist, says:
"The only man to tie to, in my opinion, is
McKinley, and I am going to do it. The
Republican party can always be trusted.
Its policy is always statesmanlike. Pro
tection is the only thing that will ever re
vive the drooping industries of this coun
try." W. I. Stone, machinist, says: "X
am going to vote for McKinley. His elec
tion will mean that workingmen will see
j better times. I have worked as a machin
ist twenty years. lam fully satisfied that
protection is better than free trade for me
in every way." •
H. A. Mclntire, machinist, says: "Let
every workingman and every mechanic
vote for his own best good, which is for
protection for his labor." N. E. Flint, ma
chinist, says: "I will vote for McKinley
for President. There are many reasons
why I should vote for him, and I would
find it very difficult to find a reason why I
should vote against him. I do not see
how any workman can reasonably vote
against McKinley." W. S. Dennis, ma
chinist, says: "Mechanical business has
been growing steadily worse and worse,
year by year, since President Cleveland
was inaugurated. There are not half as
many machinists employed in San Fran
cisco as there were formerly. There is a
reason for this which any mechanic can
easily find. That reason is that foreign
made eood», produced at less cost than
American manufacture, have found their
way into the home market of the United
States and have taken the place of our
own products."
William Pohlmann, coppersmith, says:
"Every man I know is going to vote for
McKinley with a few exceptions. The
Republican party is identified with good
times, with plenty and prosperity. De
mocracy is a synonym for demagogy and
want." Fred Loescher, flonrmill foreman,
says: "You may put me down for a Mc-
Kiniey man. I think you will have a hard
job to find anybody else around here. We
are all for McKinley, and when I speak I
speak for nearly every man in this mill."
A. L. de Mars, blacksmith, says: "Every
one knows that work is scarce, that wages
have fallen and tnat they are still falling,
and that what we need is work, not
theories of any sort I said before that tbe
Republican policy Is safer than the Dem
ocratic policy, and every workingman
ought to see that to be tbe fact."
PERSONAL.
A. G. Foster of Tacoma arrived here yester
day.
A. J. Regan, a merchant of San Luis Obispo,
is at the Grand.
A. Bracker, a business man of Fresno, is at
the Cosmopolitan.
R. M. Jacob, a business man of Tucson, Ariz.,
is at the Occidental.
J. Q. Buxton, a business man of Phcenix,
Ariz., is at the Russ.
R. E. Price and J. E. Donohue of Eonora are
at the Cosmopolitan.
G. T. Mills of Carson is at the Palace, accom
panied by Mrs. Mills.
M. P. Ross of the City of Mexico is among
recent arrivals here.
C. W. Ayres, a mining man of Sonora, Tuol
umne County, is in town.
F. E. Judd, a well-to-do business man of
Pendleton, Or., is in the City.
Dr. W. D. Rodgers of Watsonville is in the
City for a stay of a day or two.
Ex-United States District Attorney J. W.
Oates of Santa Rosa Is in the City,
Raleigh Barcar, the attorney and newspaper
owner of Vacaville, is on a visit nere.
Dr. D. W. Hunt and family of Clairmont,
Cal., are registered at tbe Cosmopolitan.
David Lawler and wife of this City are
spendiug their honeymoon at the Cosmopoli
tan.
E. C. Apperson, the wealthy orchardist and
extensive land-owner of Santa Clara, is at the
Lick.
Timothy Hopkins and Mrs. Hopkins of Menlo
were among those who registered at the Pal
ace yesterday.
Senator J. H. Seawell of Hendocino came
down from his home at Ukiah yesterday, and
is at the Grand.
John Flnnell, the big land-owner of Tehama
I County, who has 50,000 acres, much of which
is devoted to grain, is at the Palace.
Ex-Governor P. L. Shumann of Illinois, who
has been here for some time in connection
with the development of mines, has lett for
I home.
The Rev. T. Chalmers Easton has returned
to the City and assumed charge of the Trinity
Presbyterian Church, Capp and Twenty-third
! streets.
Chief of Police J. J. Badenochof Chicago and
Mrs._ Badenoch, who arrived here Monday
night, left yesierlay for Wrights to see their
ailing son.
Major John A. Darling, U. S. A., Fifth Artil
lery, returned to the Presidio last evening
from Paso Robles. Mrs. Darling remained at
the springs for the benefit of her health.
S. F. Longhborough, who owns a large inter
est in a turquoise mine on the plateau between
the main range of the Rocky Mountains and
Santa Fe, in New Mexico, left for New York
and the South last night. He will be gone
several months.
F. 8. Beaudry, a mining man of Colorado
who owns leading properties at Leadvllle, and
who is interested in gold mining In Trinity
and Shasta counties, is in the City, accom
panied by Mrs. Beaudry. His properties In
northern California are placer mines.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK,
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. 8.-At the St.
Cloud, Mrs. c. V. Gouvener, W. c. Leonard, E
H. Davis; Savoy, A. Heinrich; Imperial, W. II
Miner Miss A. Neilson, M. Silberlton; Gilsey,
E Rickard, c. a. Mackenzie; Albemarle, the
Misses \ounp; Hoffman. C. F. Talbot and wife ;
Normandie, I.C.Strauss; Astor, L. J. Jacks;
St. Denis, T. E. Hunt. R. Manning left the St.
Cloud to sail on the St. Paul.
HE WHISTLED.
« hen crar, s wuz burnt to flinders
au not a rain in sl«ht,
Ue oo ned nil tbe winders
An whistled In the lignt.
Jest whistled,
An' whistled,
like that 'ud make things bright !
Whe n mortgages wot growls'
i.ike weeds by day an' night,
He Kep 1 right on a-hoeln 1
An' whistled In thought.
Jest whistled.
An' whistled,
Like that 'ud make things bright 1
In sowln' time or reapln'—
«» wrong as well m right,
« hen sh adders come a-creepln',
He whistled for the lipht.
Jentwhlstled,
An' whistled,
Uke that 'ud make things bright 1
Somehow he'd hear b"Us rlngin'
For all the nigh i an' day:
An' still the birds kep' slngin'
When ihe bloc skies turned to gray.
He whistled.
Jest whistled,
The rocky world away.
Fhank I-. Btastoh.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
"My papa makes lots of money," said Wallie.
"What out of?" asked Johnnie.
"Soap," said Wallio.
"Pooh!" said Johnnie. "You can't make
money out o' soap. Moneys made o1o 1 gold and
paper and silver."— Harper's Round Table.
"ThM's a pretty bad cola you hare, Madge."
"Yes; I'm too hoarse to go to the ball
game."— lndianapolis Journal.
Wheeler— Did you hear about my accidentT
I was flying along the other evening and I
took a header right into a bed of mortar.
Scorcher— Somehow you were always lucky
in falling into soft things.— Cincinnati En
quirer.
I'Give me a bite of your candy, Jimmi«?"
"Nope, but you may kiss me while my
mouth's sticky."— Trutn.
He— l'd like to know what enjoyment you
can find in going from store to store, looking
at things you haven't the least idea of buying.
She— l know I can't buy them, but there is a
sort of melancholy pleasure in thinking that I
could have bought them if I had married
George Scales when I had the chance, Instead
ot taking you.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
J. J. Dolan, who has been mining in Mari
posa County, at different points near Coulter
ville, lor some time past, is at the Palace. Mr.
Dolan is a tall man with dark eyes, and a beard
which is almost black. He is one of the pion
eers of California, and has mined in several
different counties.
He says Mariposa is doing some good work
at the present time in mining. He has been
developing the Virginia, in company with
some Chicago capitalists, and is now working
a force of men on the Warner.
"The Merced Gold Mining Company, which
is known in popular language as the Montana
Company," said Mr. Dolan, 'is doing the most
work there. It has about 100 men employed.
For some time past it has had a force of men
J. J. DOLAN, Who Tells of the Prosperous Condition of Mining
in Mariposa*
[Sketched from life by a " Call" artist]
cutting away the brush and digging ont what
has fallen in of the old ditch which was made
long ago to bring water from the Tuolumne
River.
"The idea was to bring the water through
this ditch and then take it back and turn it
Into the Tuolumne by another route. But
there appears to have been doubts as to wheth
ei or not this could be legally done, and I un
derstand few, if any, men are working on it
now. The ditch is about fifty miles long.
'•Three or four companies have started work
at different mines in a« many different places.
The Lonlslciia mine up»in the mountains is
being developed. Other properties are being
worked also. I was for a time pushing work
on the Virginia. It was a mine that had caved
in and myself and Florence King, Paul Black
mar and Ferdinand W. Peck of Chicago got a
bond on it. We hoped to clean it out, but did
not have time enough, so we quit and I have
now bonded the Warner mine, which I am now
working.
"Coulterville has about 1000 peop'e in Jt
now. There is a silver club hero and also a
McK'nley club. The latter has twice as many
members as the former. I think there ia no
doubt about Major McKinley getting a ma
jority in that section."
LADY'S WAIST.
A simple waist is shown hero. It is one of
those useful waists thai look well perfectly
plain and is yet susceptible of elaboration in
anydfess. To make a meager wardrobe seem
extensive it is appreciated by every woman,
for if made of fancy silk it may be varied in
definite.v by simple devices of ribbon, lace,
net, etc.," with slight expense. The revers of
lace are a novel iden, being a half yard in
length, simply gathered at one end. Placed at
the collar and extending toward the sleeve
they are equally attractive.
A neat and telling trimming is a piece of
ribbon eight inches long and four or five
inches wide, placed along the shoulder from
the collar and extending over tbe sleeve
This is edced with a ruffle of black net. lace or
chiffon. Fancy ribbons are most used, and a
folded collar of the same, with an immense
bow in tbe back, completes this outfit.
Fichus of net, chiffon, liberty silk, etc., are
dainty and dressy.
The waist has a fitted lining, over which the
goods is gathered both back and front.
Comment Unnecessary.
Marysvule urapblc
Not long ago. the San Francisco Call had a
six-column report of a meeting of the M5?"
facturers' and Producers' Association, whicn
association is organized for the purpose oi
booming home-made goods. We bad the curi
osity to go carefully over the paper for the
purpose of rinding out the number of manu
facturers' advertisements in that number.
There were none whatever. But there were
columns of advertisements of Eastern-made
goods. Comment is entirely unnecessary.
PROTECTION STILL AN ISSUE.
Omaha Bee.
Although Mr. Bryan has studiously avoided
any reference to that plank of the Republican
platform which declares for protection, and it
is the policy of the free-silver party to keeD
this question away from public attention, still
protection remains an issue, and millions of
the American people are thinking about it
j and will continue to do so. It is the opinion
I of some shrewd observers that this question
j will assume more prominence as the cam
paign advances. In any event, a very large
proportion of the voters cannot be wholly
diverted from the consideration of this ques
tion, in which are involved the ability of the
Government to meet its expenses, the security
and development of American industries and
the creation and maintenance of a market for
American labor.
Is is impossible that the millions of wage
earners whose interests and welfare are de
pendent upon industrial activity can wholly
put out of wind that policy which in the past
made the workingmen of this country the
most independent, the most prosperous and
the most contented among the world's toilers.
Protection isstillanissne with every man who
wants more work and better pay, and who has
the intelligence to understand that there is
but one way in which these can be obtained,
aud that is by restoring the industrial activity
and creating a demand for labor. Protection
is an issue with every man who desires to see
the growth of the Amerian market, so that our
producers shall be lessdependent upon foreign
markets, where they are compelled to meet
damaging competition. Protection is an issue
because it involves the future progress and
prosperity of this Republic.
WOULD RUN WELL MIXED.
Remember tbat the golden sun
Is purest standard gold;
Tbe silver moon could never shine
If that gold orb were cold.
If gold and silver you will mix
And keep the same at par,
You'll rind tbe old machinery, boys,
Will run without ajar.
Minneapolis Times.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
Sir Henry Bessemer has paid upward of $50,
-000 in patent stamp duties on hL> various in
ventions.
Joseph Cook, who has been for some time at
bis summer home, Cliff Seat, Ticonderoga, N.
V., is steadily gaining in health.
Mrs. Longerman of North Adams, Mass., 81
years 01d,,0n a visit to Whitingham, Vt., recog
nized a horse which she had sold as a colt
twenty-five years before.
The Duke of Cumberland was born without a
nose. The one which adorns his lace is the
result of much ingeuuity on the part of the
surgeons who attended him as un infant.
An effort is being made to induce the Prince
of Wales to place himself at the head of a
movement for celebrating in Bristol in June
next year the 400 th anniversary of the discov
ery of North America by John and Sebastian
Cabot, who sailed from Bristol.
A German physician says that Stanley owes
the fact that he alone of those who made up
his party has so long survived the most dan
gerous of his African trips to his having sub
mitted five times to a transfusion of African
blood into his veins, which is believed in
Africa to be a great aid to acclimatization.
A number of prominent people have of late
interviewed Dr. Jameson and his comrades in
Holloway prison. Recently Lord Rosebery
and Sir F. Lockwood visited the jail, and
among other notable sympathizers have been
the Countess of Dudley and Lord Annaley.
Each of the prisoners has apartments specially
! fitted up for him.
Beerbohm Tree's final selection for the posi
tion of leading lady is Miss Kate Rorke, who
will accompany him to America, playing the
heroine in Gilbert Parker's "Seats of the
Mighty," and continuing to occupy the same
position at the new theater in the Uaymarket.
This step will necessitate a rearrangement of
the plans of John Hare, who was in hopes of
securing her for his American tour, and also of
the Drury Lane management, who stood in
need of her services as heroine in the forth
coming autumn drama.
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Wool-Growers Will vote Kigtit.
Pasadena Star.
The American wool- grower has had a hard
time of it of late years, but he has his eye on
the Presidential election and will be heard
from when it takes place. He is not deluded
into the belief that free coinage is going to re
store to him the prices that were knocked silly
by the Wilson-Gorman tariff act.
Timely Warning.
Martinez News.
According to the new law you will have to
reside in the precinct you vote from. There
fore, if you change your residence up to Octo
ber 3 in order to vote you will have to secure a
transfer from the County Clerk, which can be
done by making affidavit before that official.
Any person changiug his residence after Octo
ber 3 will lose his vole. Transfers from one
county to another cannot be made, the date
for such transfers expiring with the close of
registration.
Pity the Poor Populist.
Fresno Republican.
Th»t government* should railroads own
I said was needful, quite.
But now I much abate my tone,
Yell '-Sliver!" day and nigtu,
And prate no more of trust, combine,
And other things I've hissed.
I've got the gulping act down fine,
For I'm a I'opullsU
.For President a Democrat
(I kiss bia garment's hem):
Vice-president— you notice that
I'm just five-ninths a Dem.
Though Bryan says he wants me not,
The hand that smi es L've kissed.
Ob, pity, theo, my grievous lot,
For I'm a PoDUlist.
Condensed Speeches.
San Diego Union.
"Good money never made times hard and
poor money never made times good," said
Major McKinley in his speech at Canton on
Saturday. There is a whole volume of truth
condensed into these lew words. It Is as self
evident as an axiom and can be controverted
with as little success as the clearest mathe
matical demonstration. Major McKinley is
not going about the country making speeches,
but he ia rendering powerful aid to the cause
of honest money by just such sayings as the
one quoted aDove.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Hastings College of Law— W. 08., City,
Applicants for admission to the junior class
of the Hastings College of Law must be at
least 18 years of age; must deposit with the
registrar a certificate of good moral character
and must pass a satisfactory ezamination in
English, algebra, plane geometery. govern
ment of the United States, history ol England,
Latin, and particular studies" in the last
named. Tuition is free, with the exception of
a class fee of $10 a year to cover incidental ex
penses.
A Mortgage— M. L. D., City. This corre
spondent asks: ' 'If I owe $5000 on a mortgage,
payable in gold coin of the United States, and
should want to discharge that obligation in
silver, how much would it take to do bo, silver
sellit g for 54 cents on the dollar?" The an
swer is, that the silver dollar would be at a
discount of 46 cents," consequently, for every
dollar in gold required to lift the mortgage it
would require $1 46 in silver, or $7300 in all.
Clara Barton— C. D. H., Santa Rosa, Cal.
Clara Barton, president of the American Red
Cross Society, was born on a farm in Massa
chusetts in 1826, received the benefits of a
good education, taught school in New Jersey,
and after that was a clerk in the Patent Office
at Washington, in 1854, and until the break
ing out of the war, when she devoted herself
to the work of alleviating the sufferings of the
soldiers on the battle-fields. At the close
of the war Miss Barton devoted eight years
to searching for soldiers who were marked as
missing. She identified all but 400 ol the 10.
-000 graves at Andersonville, and she refused
to be reimbursed for her time, labor or money
expended. She went to Europe for her health,
lectured there, assisted me Grand Duchess of
Baden in establishing her hospitals during
the Franco-Prussian war, and for services was
decorated with the cross of Baden and the iron
cross of Germany. She then returned to the
United States and was chosen president of the
American Society of the Red Cross.
Cautorma glace fruits, 50c In. Towasend'i*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
•—• — ♦ — •
"George," inquired Mrs. Jimsmith, "what is
meant by the phrase 'tight money'?" '■ "I can't
imagine," replied Jimsmith, who was in a
facetious mood, "unless it refers to the spon
dulix a man buys his jag with."— Buffalo Ex
press. . ______ _______
Are You Going; East?
Tbe Atlantic and Pacific Kallroad — Santa Fe
route— is tbe coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to Its elevation and absence from
alKaii dust. Particularly adapted for tbe trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ine-rcom and modern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable bonr and in
charge of attentive conductors ana porters. Ban
Francisco Ticicet office*. 644 Market street, Chron
icle building. Telephone, Main 1631. Oakland,
1118 Broadway.
"BIr». Winslow's Soothing Hyvntt'
Him been used over 50 years by millions of mothsn
for tholr children whim Teething with perfect sa>
cess. j It soothes the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates tha Bowels an!
istha best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arlsin;
/rom teething or other causes, for sale by Draj
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and sue
lorSljs. Winslow's 6oo:hing Syrup. sS*o » »osu*
-■■••» — *_^_« : •
COB<tJfAi>o.— Atmosphere Is perfectly drr. wfl
and mild, being entirely free from the mists com
mon further north. Bound-trip tickets, by steam
ship. Including fifteen days' board at taa Hotel
Coronado, 800; longer stay $2 50 perd-»y. App./
4.l\«rw Montgomery st, San t'ra-ictaoa
As an expectorant Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
Instantly rellpves the bronchial tubes of the
mucus that obstructs and irritates them.
Fall stylos Standard Patterns, catalogue free.
"Domestic" office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
Maud— Oh, Ethel, and what did you say to
him when he proposed to you? Did you say
what you said you were going to the other
day? That was a noble speech, just suited to
crush the boldest man. And did he slink
away like a whipped dog?
Ethel— Well, not exactly. You see, I did
not say just that. I— l— well— er— er— well—
you see, I said yes. — Harper's Bazaar.
NEW TO-DAT. 1
ms SNAPS
tiff F3I ifr
3.25 DINNER SET
— _ complete for 6 persons, 04 pieeea.
6.75 DINNER SET
complete for 12 persons, 100 pieces.
Best quality Semi-Porcelain Ware.
4.75 DINNER SET
— Decorated, for 6 persons, 54 pieces.
7.75 DINNER SET
Decorated, for 12 persons, 100 pieces
Guaranteed Very Best Quality.
PRETTY DECORATION.
Will Cost You Dcuble Elsewhere.
SEE THEM,
PPI TIT ( * 5c P« Doz - Pints,
1 ■V*-'* 1 J 55c per Doz. Quarts. ■
IA D S I 75c per Doz. Half Gallon*.
%it\tS^J» I 30c per Doz. Jelly Glasses.
Great AmericanliprliniTfia Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 318 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Fillmore ft.
617 Kearny St. : 965 Market at.
1419 Polk St. . 3006 Sixteenth si.
Rai Montgomery svti. ;. 104 second st.
333 Hayes st. 3285 Mission st.
, 53 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. •
1053 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. . 917 Broadway, Oakland
1355 Park St., Alameda.WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 9, 1896
8 AMUSEMENTS.
lUXDwne Thhatkb. --Madame San* Gene."
CAt-iroßxiA Theater.— " the Bowery."
(OX.CUBIA Thkater— "The Wife."
MoKofro's upKKA-JioDSE— "The Great Brook-
; lyn Handicap."
Tivoij OritßA-HowiE.— "IlTrovatore. 1 '
OHPHKUM-niei--cia« VaudevlUa.
aicazab Theater.-" All the Comforts of
I uome."
I Evtbo Baths— and performances.
; ttv(E v ( ! 01 , TBB Cht:th»— Dally at HaJcht street,
, cue block east of the Park.
Cißcns— At Central Park.
1 c , HA , NIO8 ' Institute Pavimox— Twonty-
ninth Industrial Exposition. i
AUCTION SALES.
By Gro. F. Thursday, September 10,
, FnrnUnre, at 310 Haight street, at 11 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Point Lobos Improvement Clnb met last
night in Crosthwaite's HalL
The drawing lor the Admission day coursing
stake at Ingleside took place last evening.
Conditions favorable to showers, colder and
light winds, is the weather prediction for to
day.
The Young Men's Christian Association will
hold a field day to-day at the Olympic Club
grounds.
• The Woman suffrage rally to-morrow night
at the Metropolitan Temple promises to be a
grand affair.
Emma Petersen, a young girl, was sent to
the Receiving Hospital by Sergeant Mahoney
yesterday afternoon.
At the State Board ol Trade yesterday it was
proposed that a State exhibit be maintained
in some Eastern city.
John D. Spreckels and J. J. O'Brien were the
fortunate bidders on contracts to build the
roof oi the new City Hall.
Boys living about the jnnction of Larkin
and Greenwich streets stole a house from the
Bouthwest corner on Monday night.
There is a deadlock in the Board of Election
Commissioners over the contract for con
structing voting stalls in election booths.
Yesterday was the children's opportunity
for making themselves known at the Mechan
ics' Fair, and iney made good use of the time.
Final preparations are being made for the
forthcoming Carnival of Nations for the bene
fit of the Women's Educational and Industrial
Union.
General G. Renling of Nicaragua arrived
here last night to receive medical treatment
for a bullet wound received in the conquest oi
La Par.
Regents of the university yesterday awarded
contracts for constructing the Affiliated Col
leges. The board decided to use Kolsom
granite.
The organization ot a Scandinavian Repub
lican Club has been perfected in this City in
the interest of McKlnley and the municipal
nominees.
It was suggested at the meeting of the Board
of Regents yesterday that tents should be
spread at Berkeley to accommodate students
ai the university.
The Southern Pacitlc Railway Company has
presented Engineer Ingles with a check for
9250 and has given him a gold watch aud
chain for bravery.
Chris B. Ryer has returned from a trip to the
City of Mexico, and reports 20 cents per day
Mexican money as -wages for ordinary labor
and room rent $4 per day.
The Board of Health has asked the Board of
Police Commissioners to have every regular
and s, ecial patrolman having a regular beat
to act as a health inspector.
Captain O. F. Bolles of the steamer Colum
bia will receive the appointment oi local In
spector of Hulls and Boilers, made vacant by
the recent death of Captain Talbot.
Dick Williams has dropped Attorneys Mowry
and Coogan ana instead has employed Attor
ney George D. Coliins. The latter is confident
of securing an acquittal for his client.
Judge E. B. Spencer of Lassen County, now
in the City, reports as the result of careful
study of tne political situation in the State
that Republican success is almost certain.
The Society of California Pioneers will cele
brate the admittance of Cafilornia into the
Union by a picnic at El Campo, at which Hon.
Bamuel M. Shortridge will act as orator of the
day.
Officer McCurrie of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals was obliged to
shoot a stallion belonging to Sells and Fore
paugh's circus which had been injured in a
The new cafe under the Baldwin Hotel will
be thrown or>en for inspection this afternoon
and evening, when Otto Norman, the old-time
friend of Bohemians, and his partner will wel
come the public.
The insurance war ended yesterday with
the formation of a compact entered, into by
the several companies to enforce the non
intercourse and commission amendments to
their constitution.
At yesterday's session of the board of
trustees of the Chamber of Commerce some
important advices relative to ocean subsidies
were received from the Merchant Marine As
sociation of New York.
Chairman Wardall of the People's party
State Central Committee denies that J. Taylor
Rogers accused him oJ teachery. There 'are
grave doubu as to whether the name ot A. B.
Kinnc can be legally placed on the ballot.
G. F. Schumacher, an old California pros
pector, has returned from the Colville Indian
country, north of the Upper Columbia, where
he saw deer, bear and grouse in abundance.
He found gold, but says there are as yet no
big mines.
The Lincoln Club of the Thirty-first Assem
bly District is making a specialty, and with
encouraging sucees*, of collecting' Democratic
mechanics and laboring men dissatisfied with
the bard times under Democratic rule, and
enlisting them in the fight for protection ana
McKi'iley.
In the trial of Oliver Winthrop yesterday for
attempting to extort $20,000 "from James
Campbell, a purse taken from Winthrop when
he was arrested was offered in evidence.
Campbell examined the purse and declared it
was one taken from him while he was locked
up in the California-street house.
Judge Sanderson yesterday morning ren
dered his decision in the famous Noe case over
the 4000 acres of land known as the "San
Miguel Rancho," located in the Mission and
adjacent districts In the southwesterly portion
of the City. Judgment was given in favor of
the defendants, who are the owners of the
property at tHe present time.
Meld for Burglary.
John Thurgur, the sailor who climbed up
the fire escape into the room of Mr. and Mrs.
John Gillig in the Bella Vista Hotel, Pine
and Taylor streets, early Monday morning,
waived his preliminary examination before
Judge Low yesterdßy. The Judge, after hear
ing the evidence of Giliig and Policeman
Wall, held Thurgur to answer before tne Su
perior Court in $5000 bonds on the charge of
burglary.
The San Rafael Hunt Ctub.
Entries for the meet of the San Rafael Hunt
Club Saturday next thus far include such
names as Walter Hobart, R. to. Tobin, Frank
Carolan, Frank S. Johnson, Will O'Connor, Dr.
Buckley. Car>tain Farnsworth, J. J. Crooks, Joe
Tobin, Rudolpn Spreckels, 11. W. Bradley,
Harry Dimond, William Thomas, R. h. Follis
V. A. Artsimovitch and J. K. J. Archibald.
NEW TO-DAY.
LADrES
WITH
RED FACES
And oily, greasy complexions, or subject to
rashes, pimples, blackheads, yellow or mothy
■kin, will be gratified to learn that the purest,
sweetest, and most effective skin purifier
and beautiiier yet compounded is
CUTICURA
SOAP
It is bo because it strikes at the eauu of most
complexional disfigurations, viz.: the Clogged
Irritated, Inflamed, or Overworked Pobb.
Suggestion : After cycling, golf, tennis, riding,
or athletics, a bath with Ccticuba Soap is most
soothing, cooling, and refreshing, preventing
chafing, rcdnest.and ronghness of the skin, sooth-
ing inflammation, and when followed by gentle
anointing with Clticub* (ointment), prove* bene-
flcial in relieving tired, lame, or strained muscles.
BoM fhitnurhoat the world. Price. CimcrßA, SOe.j
Bo*r. ISci KiaoLTBNT, Me. «nd «1. Poms D*c»
Are Cnx. Co*i>.. Sole Prop«-. Botton. _
. JBT "Ilow to Obtsia • Brilliant Complexion," fees, j
CLUBS TO HOLD A
YACHT REGATTA
Thirty- Three Boats Have
Been Entered for the
Event.
THE MACDONOUGH CUP.
First Time It Has Been Raced
For, and a Pretty Con
test Is Expected.
A VESBEL SOLD VERY CHEAP
Wreck of the Steamer St. Paul Sold
to Ciptain Johnson for the
Sum of $25.
The Pacific Interclub Yacht Associa
tion will hold its first annual regatta this
afternoon. The contest will be for the
Macdonough cup and the association
prize flags. Yachts competing for the
cup will cover the fourteen-mile course.
Yachts sailing for the trophy in the
twenty-five and _ twenty-foot class will'
have their finish time taken for their class
prize as they turn the stakeboat off
Powell-street wharf the second time out
to windward.
The starting time will be Ip. m. sharp.
One long, preparatory whistle will be
sounded from the judges' boat at 12:50
p.m.; twenty-foot class and special class
for yawls will start at 1 p. m., two whistles ;
twenty-tive-foot class will start at 1:10
p. m., three whistles; thirty-foot class
will start at 1:20 p. m., four whistles;
thirty-six-foot class will start at 1:30 p. m.,
five whistles; forty-four-foot class will
start at 1:40 p. m., six whistles. Yachts
will be allowed five minutes to cross the
line. Those crossing later will have their
time taken at the limit of their class.
The entries and time of starting are:
Twenty foot class— starts at 1 r.u.:
Club en-
Name. Owner. rolled In.
Vixen a. S. Npal Encinal
Lucille A. B. Neal California
Special class for yawls— starts at 1 p. ir. :
Seven Bells.. .Andrew Thorne Corinthian
Xeried \V. Fisher Corinthian
GulDevere Convey aud Meyer Corinthian
Pilgrim a. R. Wiison Cali:ornla
Pinta. F. E. Bcliober. Corinthian
Twenty-five-foot class— starts at 1 :1 0 p. m. :
Alert Jiiles Hart man California
Phoenicia l'Hommedieu, Delamater
and .lustins Cor.&Cal.
Mirth A. J. Mervey Caliiornla
Mist J. A. Muller. California
Ceres. J. C. Trask. Corinthian
Cisne 11. L. Head CorlDth'.nn
Sea Fox Allen M. Clay California
Thirty-foot class — starts at 1 :20 r. v. :
jEolus. K. 11. Morrow and Carl
Westerleld Corinthian
Tmant J. \V. Pew Corinthian
Mascotte Jules Hart man California
Secret. T.F.Tracy and Charles
Barlnge Corinthian
Sleipner Murthln it McKenzle.ban Francisco
M is hod Oeorge Biber Corinthian
Hope W illlam Kennedy California
Surprise A. C. l.f-e and August
lirunders California
Halcyon C. V. Moore California |
Whirlwind.... E. A. yon Schmidt California .
Fawn James Kossmer Knclnal |
Catherine Sutherland Bros. San Francisco
TJ and I Macfarlane California ■
JUllie V Frank Kuch California
Thirty-six-foot class— starts at 1:30 r. U.i
Harpoon F. R. Cook Corinthian
Thelma U. B. Edgar and 8. B.
Stevenson Cor. and Cal.
Edna J. C. Lancaster California
Forty-four-foot class— starts at 1 :4O p. it. :
Elia F. F. Amea Corinthian
Clara Alexander J. Young Corinthian
Every yacht in the race will carry her
number on tbe mainsail, so the position
of* each one can easily be ascertained by
the spectators.
The steamer Caroline will leave Jackson
street wharf at 12:30 p. v., taking out all
who wish to view the race.
The Harbor Commissioners accepted the
offer of the PacUic Pine Lumber Company
to supply 12-incn piles at G cents, 13-inch
at 6% cents and 14-inch for 7 cents. The
contract is to last for six months.
L. G. Norris was reappointed as col
lector at Fishermen's wharf.
President Foster and General Manager
Whiting of the San Francisco and North
Pacific Raiiway waited on the board and
asked that some advertising space be
granted them on the end of their ferry
building. Mr. Foster pointed out that at
the present time there were no means of
letting the public know where the steamers
started from. The Commissioners agreed
that something should be done, and Chief
Engineer Holmes was instructed to pro
vide the necessary space by attaching a
square board to the gable end of the ferry
building.
Tne steamer President arrived from
Nushajrak yesterday with 33,000 cases of
salmon. Before starting for San Fran
cisco the President towed six vessels to
sea, all loaded with salmon. The bark
Prussia also arrived with 34,760 cases of
palmou from Cooks Inlet. The latter
brought the news that the bark Will "W.
Case had been ashore at TJggait, but was
got off and is now on her way to ban ]
Francisco in ballast. She was slightly
strained wnile on the beach.
Captain Johnson bought the wreck of
the steamer St. Paul, as it lies at Point
Pinos, for $25 yesterday. There are 4000
sacks of barley and a lot of wool in the
hold, but no one would make an offer for
them. Captain Johnson will at once pro
ceed to wreck the steamer and salve all he
possibly can.
PIONEERS TO CELEBRATE,
Grand Picnic at El Campo for
Forty-Niners and Their
Families.
Literary Exercises— Hon. Samuel M.
Shortridge Will Be the Orator
of the Day.
The forty-sixth anniversary of the ad
mittance of California into the Union will
be celebrated by the 6ociety of California
Pioneers to-day by an excursion to El
Campo. Every thing has been prepared
with the idea in view of catering to the
comfort of the excursionists.
Tbe committee on arrangements|has se
cured the steamer Ufciah to convey the
pioneers and their families to the popular
picnic grounds and return. Both the
steamer and grounds have been engaged
for the exclusive use of the picnickers.
The steamer will start from the Tiburon
ferry, at the foot of Clay street, at 9:30
a. m. sharp, and the first return trip will
be made at 3 o'clock p. m., the second and
last at 5 o'clock.
Each member has been allowed not to
exceed five tickets for the use of hiniseif
and immediate family free of charge.
The ticket register was closed at lioon
Monday last.
Although a liberal allowance has been
made in the past to provide a ouitable col
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1596.
| lation for tbe members it has not been &
success, and therefore the picnickers have
I decided to take their own lunches.
Literary exercises and music at the Pa
vilion will occupy the time before lunch,
and dancing will begin under the direc
tion oi Floor Manager Robert V?nder-
I cook at 1:30 r. m. Blum's orchestra will
j furnish the music for the occasion.
Hon. Samuel M. Shortridge will be the
orator of-the day. Dr. C. D. Cleveland's
poem, entitled "The Pioneer," will be re
cited by Miss Frezie Cleveland. Rev. S.
11. Wilfey, D.D., will be the chaplain.
The committee on arrangements is com
posed of Chairman E. T. Cruse, R. Van
dercook, C. M. Plum, C. J. King, Peer
Tiffany and John F. Pinkham.
MOSES ON MONEY.
The Berkeley University Frofessor Ex
plains Why We Want a Gold
Standard.
A meeting of the Political Economy
Club was held last night at 15 South Park,
the address of the evening being delivered
by Professor Bernard Moses of the Uni
verity of California. His subject was "In
ternational Exchanges and Money."
Professor Moses devoted himself to an
explanation of fundamental facts respect
ing money, quoting with approval the
definition, "Money is that which does
moneys work," and explaining that the
work of money is to effect exchanges. He
said: "We want money in trade because
of the difficulty of finding some one who
is willing to exchange the thing we want
for that we have. In an ideal money we
want divisibility, portability, sameness of
texture in all its parts, and cheapness of
keeping. We also want stability of value
with flexibility of supply. This is one
reason that fiat money is impracticable.
The supply does not vary with the needs
oi the people.
"We also want a medium of exchange
that will be accepted by other nations, so
that when one supply becomes greater
than our needs it will easily draiu away
from us, and vice versa."
At the conclusion of Professor Moses 1
address a running debate followed be
tween E. F. Adams, John McNaught, V.
L. O'Brien and J. Munsell Chase, in which
Professor Moses took part. Next Tues
day evening the club will furtner discuss
the subject of Professor Moses' address.
TO BE "MINE HOST" AGAIN
Norman, Long Known to Bohe
mians, Will Greet the
Public To-Day.
An Attractive and Airy Cafe Under
the Baldwin, With Famous
Brands of Beer.
With the anniversary of the admission
of the State, the new cafe under the Bald
win Hotel will be thrown open this after
noon and evening to tne public for gene
ral inspection, and to-morrow it will begin
business.
Otto Norman, who for so many years
I conducted on Bush street what was fami
liarly styled "the home of Bohemians,"
and who has been in the catering business
in San Francisco for the Jast seventeen
years, is behind tne enterprise in a part
nership to be known as Norman &
Iverson.
It is a pretty place, this new resort, and
something of a revelation in the con
venience of its appointments.
There is a sweeping double stairway of
white marble Jeading down from the cor
! ner of Market and Powell streets, to the
: main entrance, which is flanked by the
fresh dark green of choice tropical foliage
and small decorative palms boldly set off
by the panels of beautifully colored costly
marble behind them. Then on Powell
street, immediately opposite the Columbia
Theater, there is a similar entrance for
isdies, with a screened interior vassage
way leading to the private rooms, which
are arranged along the entire length of
the Market-street side, immediately below
tbe sidewalk.
These rooms are private withont the
objection of being so, for they have no
doors but all open their whole width to
the pretty hallway from which they are
1 separated only by loosely draped soft
toned portieres that blend with the pre
vailing tints of the walls and tbe mosaic
j floors. Lighted from above by translucent
I glass and from within by'the brilliant
glow of several incandescent electric
elobes, each of these rooms is in itself a
dainty retreat, apparently enlarged by
mirrors arranged for that effect along the
three walls.
On the other side of this hallway, and
separated by a wall with openings here
and there for pots of de'.icate palms, is
the great dining-room, larger, with only
one exception, than that of any other cafe
on the coast. It too is finished in the
1 same way as the smallnr rooms, mirrors
and electric hehts not excepted. But the
I most novel and at the came time the most
unnoticeable innovation is the ventilating
apparatus, by which the air of the whole
place can be changed completely every
fifteen minutes, to avoid entirely the dis
agreeable effects of accumulated smoke
and heated uir.
It was Norman who years aeo first intro
duced Eastern beer into this City. For
! the new place he has secured the exclusive
j agency for another Eastern beer, the Iro
! quois, rnado in Buffalo, and now having
j the biggest call of any beer in New York
I City. Another drink entirely new to this
I City will be thatol thecelebra'ted Citizens'
I Brew House of Pilsen, Austria, the beer so
j lone imitated by American manufacturers
I and that by which the town of Pilsen be
: came known to the world. In addition to
I having the agency for this celebrated
■ European beverage the new cafe will carry
I all the leading brands of Bavaria beer. A
specialty will alsa be made of the cold
lunch counter that was such en attractive
feature in Norman's old place, for here it
is to be duplicated and improved upon.
COURSING AT INGLESIDE.
Drawing for the Admission Day Stake
That Took Place LaU Evening.
The drawing for to-day's coursing at
Ingleside which took place at Delta Hall
last evening, resulted in the entry of
twenty-four dogs that should furnish a
good day's sport. Following is the result
of the draw:
Cronin & McDonald's Skyball vs. D. Chilla's
Happy Day, T. Cooney's Granuale vs. M. Tray
nor's Flashlight. W. Welch's Tipperarv vs. J.
F. Grace's Said Pasha, J. H. Ryan's E V I) vs.
W. Henley's Stonewall Jackson, Alameda ken
nel's Daisy vs. Portal & Haggerty's Magnet,
D. Roche's Gold Dust vs. J. Qunne's Captain
Morse, J. F. Grace's Deceiver n. F. Butler's
; Susie, M. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence vs. M. Tray
nor's Climax, F. C. Randolph's Happy Jack vi.
G. Parkinson's Fireman, Alameda k?nnei's
Daisy vs. D. Roche's Dan C, W. Healey's Forget-
Me-Xotvs. J. F. Grace's Nelly Conroy, Portal
& Haggerty's Luuielwood vs. T. Cooney's
Eclipse.
Racing will start at 12:30 sharp and
prizes will be Sos, $35 and $20. John Grace
will judge, J. F. slip.
•—»• — » >
'Window-Smasher Sentenced.
Charles Mitchell, the carpenter who threw
his revolver at the window of Chief Crowley's
private office in the City Hall Sunday morning
aud smashed it, appeared before Judge Camp
bell yesterday morning. He pleaded guilty
and the Judge sent him to the County Jail ior
six months. Mitchell had beeu out of work
and wanted to get free board and lodging at
the expense of the City. Yesterday he gave
nnother reason. He said he was getting a
divorce from his wife and wanted to get out of
the way till it was over.
» »—«» — «
Grand Fall Opening.
Imported hats, bonnets and all the leading
novelties on Thursday, September 10 at
Mozart's Parisian Millinery, corner Sixth and
1 Market streets. •
YOUNG AMERICA
AT THE PAVILION
Several Schools Take the
Mechanics' Fair by-
Storm.
CHINESE BOYS' WONDER
How the "Palace of Illusions"
Affected One Youthful
Philosopher.
STOCKTON'S POTTERY IXHIBIT.
Great Preparations in Progress for
Weighing the Babies Con
testing To-Day.
Yesterday was the school children's op
portunity to make themselves felt out at
the Mechanics' Fair, and they did things
to a brown turn. Represented were the
Agassiz Primary, the Broadway Grammar,
the Clement Grammar and the Chinese
Primary.
Those children simply took the place by
storm, and restraining them was out of
the question. As the little tots and the
more demure grammar-school children
passed from one exhibit to another child
ish ejaculations of wonder and delight
were mingled with the sager comments of
the more advanced pupils. Through the
throng passed tbe youthful citizens of the
Chinese quarter, their Tari-colored gar
ments giving tbe scene the appearance of
a human kaleidoscope. But the little
Chinese did no talking; they just gazed
and gazed until their eyes stuck out like
pigeons' eggs with wonder, saying never a
word.
In the "Palace of Illusions" the pre
cocity of Young America was excellently
exemplified. As the curtain was drawn
back showing the "half lady" and the
lovely vision from the moon, a little fel
low 111 black drew his eyebrows close to
eether in puzzled contemplation of the
scene, and failing to understand how the
tricks were worked, piped out: "Huh!
Dats a reglar fake, dat is; no woman
would live after a buzz saw'd passed troo
her waist." The whole bevy took up the
cry and it took several men to bring
peace back.
The pottery exhibit from Stockton has
just arrived and is now being arranged.
All of it i 3 made in Stockton. So closely
does it approach the Japanese in finish
that a Jap who viewed it yesterday said it
would have fooled him if he had not been
assured where it was made.
A section of the south wall of the Pa
vilion upstairs has been reserved for maps
and charts of the oil regions of the State
made by the State Mining Bureau.
The manager of the art department is
especially well pleased with the exhibit
this year. Nearly all the works on exhi
bition are by local artists. Three of the
most excellent paintings were loaned by
! Mrs. Tiburcio ParrotU The only etching
to be seen is the work of a San Jose artist
! and represent? a scene in the city of Cork.
I Judges of etching think it may be com
pared favorably with Moran's work.
All tbe public school children of the
City have been sent season tickets, so as
to derive all tbe educational advantages
incident to a study of the various exhibits.
Director Healy is especially pleased with
the interest manifested by the children of
the grammar and high schools, and states
that everybody is kept busy answering the
queries of the embryonic voters.
Considerable amusement was created
yesterday by the receipt of the following
letter from a lady in Windsor, whose
name for obvious reasons is withheld:
President E. A. Devicie— Dkab Sir: I have in
my i>o-!>e-sion * petrified kidney, perfect in
color and veining. It is recognised at a
Rlance a- genuine without the assurance of
the several physicians who have examined it.
I am very anxious to dispose of it for its value,
and write to learn if I could have it placed on
exhibUion at the Mechanics' Fair, for sale.
Last night was Chinese night, and the
Chinese Royal band made night hideous
at tho fair.
The judges in the baby show to-day
will be George T. Bromley, E. A. Otto and
Mr. Sells. The weighing will be super
vised by Directors Root, Presson, Cole
and Formhals.
In the evening the Native Sons and
Daughters will hold forth. Merton C.
Allen will deliver an address for the Na
tive Sons and Miss Mariana Bertola for
the Daughters. The prize poem on Ad
mission day for which a $25 prize was
offered will be read.
The board has decided to allow a popu
lar vote on the best exhibit and will award
suitable trophies.
The programme for to-day and this
evening will be as follows:
March, "Honeymoon" (Rosey); overture,
•'Bemiramide" (Rossini); waltz, "The Skaters,"
Waldteufel; trombone solo, select (Alfred Eon
covieri); selection, "Boccacio" (Suppe); over
ture, "Bohemian Girl" (Balfe); potpouri, "Hu
moresque" (Schreiner); "Kvenlng Serenade,"
(Weissenbern); Spanish fandango. "Pearl of
Madrid." (Bachmon); "Grand Solemn March"
(Smarts^.
March, "Gladiator" (Sousai; overature,
"American National" (Th. Moses); waltz,
"Jolly Fellows" (Vollstedt); (a)3ong, '"49," by
Leila France McDermott; (6) son*, "Sally in
Our Alley" (Carey). Knickerbocker Quartet—
D. M. Lawrence, R. P. Evans, D. B. Crane and
L A. Larsen; cornet solo, "Tramp, Tramp"
(Ro'.linson); selection from "Eruani" (Verdi);
address by Merton C. Allen, member of the
N. S. G. W.; reading of prize poem; address
by Miss Mariana Bertola of Martinez; over
ture, "Pirates of Penzance" (Sullivan); waltz,
"Dreams on the Ocean" (Gungl); souk, "The
Owl and the Puss y Cat" (H. C. Patrick), Knick
erDocker Quartet; "Awakening of spring"
(Bach); "Yankee Patrol" (Mlssud); erand
march from "The Phrophet" (Meyerbeer).
SHOT THROUGH THE LEG,
Arrival of General G. Renling
of Nicaragua for Surgical
Treatment.
He Bravely Won the Battle of La
Paz, but Himself Was Wounded
at the Close.
General G. Renling of Nicaragua, who
commanded tho Governmeat forces for
President Jose Santos Zelaya at the bloody
battle of La Paz a few months ago, an J
who was seriously wounded at tbe time,
arrived here on the steamer Newport last
night, in order to put himself under a sur
geon's care.
He was shot in the left thigh by a ball
from a French La Belle rifle. It destroyed
the sciatic nerve and his leg has shrunk to
half its natural size.
"General Francisco Baca commanded
1800 troops acainst me," said General Ren
ling, "while i had but about 1300. But I
took the town and just as I had ordered
the troops to take possession of the
•trenches I received this ball which laid me
I out. A good many on both sides were
killed during the engagement.
"La Paz is a little town on the railroad
between Momo Fuinbo and Leon. Baca
bad formerly attempted to seize the Gov
ernment boat and also the passenger ves
sel on Lake Nicaragua.
"I am a native of Holland and was
formerly a Government engineer in Nicar
agua. Baca, who fomented the revolu
tion, had no cause for it. President
Zelaya is a firm, successful ruler, who is
very kind to foreigners."
Renling is a handsome-looking man of
40 years. He wears the tasty uniform of
the Nicaraguan general. His leg is
swathed in bandages, and he gets about by
aid of crutches ana with difficulty. He is
at the Occidental.*
CHRISTIAN ATHLETES.
The Young Men's Association to Hold
a Field Day at the Olympic
Grounds To-Day.
The Main Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation athletes issued a short time ago a
challenge for a field day contest to the
Mission Branch Youug Men's Christian
Association's athletes, which they did not
accept. At the last meeting of the Mam
Association's athletes it was decided to
hold a handicap field-day contest between
themselves.
The handicap field-day contest will be
held at the Olympic Athletic Club's
grounds to-day at 2 p. v.
The main object of the field day is to make
preparations for the grand Young Men'a
Christian Association State pentathlon
contest which is to be held next month in
this City. The events in the State pen
tathlon contest are the following: 100
-yard dash, one-mile run, running high
jump, pole vault and 12 pound hammer
throw.
The events for the handicap field day
contest to-day will comprise the follow
inp:
100 yard!, 220 yards, 440 yards, 880 yards,
one-mile run, one-mile walk, running
high jump, running broad jimp, pole
vault, 12-pound shot put and 12-pound
hammer throw.
The sprinters of the main association
are Titus, Wilson. Guittard, Peterson,
Leiiacb, Wolfsohn, McDougall, Harder,
Rogers, Beckert. Tne distance runners
are Manning, Klarrmann, Ziska, Peterson,
Johnson, Carle, Webster, Shaw, Spacher
and Jennings. The high jumpers are Mc-
Dougall, Leilach, Scnroder, Euler.Fliesher,
Spacher, Klarrmann and Wiison. The
broad jumpers are Wilson, McDougall,
Guittard. Fliesher, Leiiacb, Titus and
Ziska. The pole vaultera are Spacher,
Kuler and iieckert. The shot-putters are
Mitchell, Curry, Fliesher, Eastwood,
Bernhart, Wilson and Ziska. The ham
mer throwers are Peterson, Mitchell,
Fliesher, Euler, Eastwood and Curry. The
walkers are Leilach, McDougall, Kammit
ter, Peterson and Harder.
Wilson and Titus are runn'ng very well,
and great things are expected of them in
the sprints. Klarrmann, Manning and
Peterson are running In good form, and
ought to put up a good race in the dis
tances. Ziska is tbe "dark horse" in the
distance runs. McDougall, a new jumper,
is in very good form. Leilach is in good
condition, and will undoubtedly break the
mile record for the walk.
INCOMPATIBILITY, MADAM
The Reason Assigned by Dewitt
Dudley for Forsaking His
Wife.
A Cool Letter Written While He Was
on His Way East Never to
Return.
The suit for divorce of Martha Dudley
against Dewitt C. Dudley was heard yes
terday in the Superior Court and was
taken under consideration, there being a
technical question as to whether the de
fendant had been legally served with no
tice.
The plaintiff is a rather comely young
woman. The complaint is cruelty and de
sertion. The following rather cool letter
was introduced as part of the evidence.
It was written when the defendant was on
his wav East. He is now supposed to be
in New York:
Nevada City, Cal.. June 20, 1894.
Mrs. Dudley: I presume, madam, you
wonder at my not writing. The reason is we
did too much writing in years gone by. For
some time I have realized that we both made
a mistake in not ending our communication
before it had come to a serious end. Life in
deed is full of mistakes and my worst mistake
was when I married you, knowing as I did an
impediment existed to our ever being able to
live happily together, and ever since I have
been cursing myself for my weakness in not
withdrawing from a compact that boded no
good to either of us. Incompatibility, madam,
incompatibility, and you perhaps have not
noticed its existence, but I have. As in a pe
cuniary outlook the marriage was of no bene
fit to you I do not think it advisable to make
two persons live in a regular turmoil of aggra
vation.
It is not my Intention to again return to
I California. You may do as you wish. Get a
I divorce If you can find grounds and marry
! again. I do not care. Marriage Is looked
I upon as a failure, anyhow. One thing, pray
spare me those maledictions you can so easily
bestow. I don't want any of them; they are
I useless, and I never pay any attention to them
■ beside*. You need not bother writing to me.
j I consider it best, end I don't want to hear
from you, and if you should be so foolish as to
write I shall either destroy the letter un
opened or return it without reading. • • •
Hoping you can see the advisability of the
foregoing and not make idiotic attempts to
annoy me, I remain, madam, yours in fare
well, . C. D. Dudley.
»♦ ■ •
The only opium permitted to be used by
the British Pharmacopoeia is obtainable
from Asia Minor.
hew to-dat:
A grocer told us this
story: •
"A customer of mine
asked for Schilling's Best
tea tHe other day. ' I didn't
have it, and told her so.
She went to another store
near by. The grocer sold
her some of his own tea—,
not in a package — and said
it was Schilling's Best.
"Of course, I don't want
to sell Schilling's Best —
there is more money in my
own tea but, whatever I do,
I do it on the square."
Glad to know you sir!
An honest enemy makes a
first-class friend. You will
be with us some day selling
people good tea. It's a lot
better for business than big
profits.
A Schilling & Company
Santrjuicisiio _.P2_ j
OUT OF THE
INDIAN COUNTRY
G. F. Schumacher's Exper
iences North of the
Upper Columbia.
HE FOUND SOME GOLD.
An Undulating Region Covered
With Bunch Grass and Dot
ted With Pine Trees.
WILD GAME VERY PLENTIFUL
Herds ot Deer, Many Black and Cin
namon Bear ani Grouse and
Waterfowl by Thousands.
Among the arrivals at the Commercial
Hotel is E. F. Schumacher, wdo for sev
eral months past has been prospecting for
gold in the new country north of the Col
umbia River, next to British Columbia.
This country has long been known as the
Colviile Indian reservation. It is only a
short time since it was thrown open to
settlement.
Mr. Schumacher prospected some of the
country lying between Kettle Falls and
Bonaparte Mountain, a distance of about
twenty-five miles from the British line.
He has had a Jong experience in mining
in different parts of the country, and is
therefore an unusually good judge of a
mining section.
"I found a beautiful, undulating coun
try," he said, "dotted with pine and fir
trees in many places, so as to make it
look like a great National park. A heavy
grass covered the bills, too. It was mostly
bunch grass, so that the country may be
called exceptionally good for stock. There
is an abundance of clear running water.
The country is a little too high for agri
culture, however, except in the case of a
few little valleys. These valleys have all
been taken by early French settlers, who
were formerly members of the Hudson
Bay Company, and who have married In
dian squaws and settled down there.
"Therefore, so far as throwing open the
reservation is concerned it amounts to lit
tle. The Government opened it over a
year ago, bnt few agricultural locations
have been made.
"A {treat many went in and began to
prospect, however. As yet it may be said
tnere are no mines discovered. But there
are a good many good prospects. The
formation is the same as at Itossland, B.
(X, where the Le Roy mine has been
opened up, and >vhicli is said now to be
worth several millions.
"The ore is found at a shallow depth,
and runs pretty well in gold, with a trace
of copper and some silver. It is a cool
place even in summer time. One night in
June the ice froze a quarter of an inch
thick.
"It is a great country for wild game. I
never saw a region where deer were so
plentiful. They literally swarmed over
the hills. It was no trouble for the miners
to get all ihe meat they wanted. Bear
were plentiful too. They were of the
black and cinnamon kind. Grouse were
to be seen everywhere. If yon went to a
miner's camp you always saw the feathers
lying about.
"It wasn't quite far enough north for
moose and cariboo, bnt a few miles away
tney were quite plentiful. As for water
fowl of fill kinds they could be had in
abundance.
"Travel is active in connection with the
Trail Cicek and Siocan mines. Coming
down from Kettle Falls the two cars of
the Spokane and Northern train were
crowded. Spokane itself is very lively. It
seemed to have a real boom on. The
streets were pretty well thronged." "
They Have Withdrawn.
Secretary Andrew Furuseth of the Seamen's
Union in his address at Metropolitan Temple
i NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK.
/*x-* =: 5\ TINS! AFTERNOON AT 2.
/ » «f\ 'HI" EVENING AT 8.
/ & i^.'%4 A THE TALK OF
§Sy§ THE BIQ show
N^S j&Mjf' OF THE WORLD!
J2j£->*^r THE GREAT iK
fo^S«iADAIB and SELLS
'£» 4-PAW __ BROS.
Tfc3*W AMERICA'S
/iT<\ t-EKATEST SHOWS
/ Wgiw-tt \ COMBINED!
te^Stf^l?^ The Largest Menagerie
T ; J^Kr^ in the Worl.l.
V^C^gk. / 4 BIG CIRCUSES 4
ysmmmgßmtJ 300 STAII autists— 3oo
y*"^W 100-GRiSAT ACTS— IOO
/ Wf •£» \ Two Herds of Performing
/ B S^Kb, \ Elephants. Educated Seals and
/•* H»-\_J^^J tea Lions. Two Great Hlnpo-
tt-C^BJ^BEi'ji potamL The only livfnz Khi-
v^f^sfSi^fe*? noceros. Greatest Performing
" -"' aTffmlir Beasts. Beyond all comparison
■vSA* I ,!^*-^ the largest, richest and most
complete Arenlc and Zoological
enterprise In the world. Two performances dally
at 2 and Bp. m. Doors open an hoar earlier.
Seating capacity 16,000. 25 uniformed ushers.
Numbered coupon. Actually reserved seats on
sale at PACIFIC MUSIC COMPANY'S, 816 Mar-
ket street.
Scale of trices: General admission BOc; chil-
dren under 9 years, half price; chairs on grand
Bland, $1; private boxes with six seats, $9 00;
: single seats in private boxes, $1 50.
MECHANICS' FAIR.
HOME PRODUCT EXHIBITION
PAVILION, LARKIN STREET,
Grandest Exposition on Record.
, HINRICHS' FINE ORCHESTRA.
TO-KTiaST,
.-—WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9
Afternoon, BABY SHOW, Prizes $250.
EVENING, Poem by Native Daughters,
Prize 825.
Addresses by Native' Sons and Daugh-
ters.
Admission 25c, Children 15c. -
OPEN DATf AND EVENING.
O'Farrell Street, lw«tw(»«.n Stockton an 1 PowaU.
"Week Commencing . Monday. Sept. 7,
Matinee Mo-Day (Wednesday), Sept. 9.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c
- Children, 10c, any part.
A GRAND, GUEAT, KKW BILL.
BELLMAN AND MOORE, VASSAR QUARTET,
FERGUSON AND MACK, TEKRV AND
ELMER, riARCHJERITri FURGESON,
LYDIA VEAMANS TITUS AND OTHERS.
SEE FIL.SON AND ERROL.
rbw to-dat;
IT'S CURES
THAT COUNT.
Many so-called remedies are
pressed on the public attention
on account of their claimed
large sales. But sales cannot
determine values. Sales simply
argue good salesmen, shrewd
puffery, or enormous advertis-
ing. It's cures that count. It
is cure-s that are counted on by
Ayer's Sarsaparilla. Its sales
might be boasted. It has the
world for its market. But
sales prove nothing. We point
only to the record of Ayer's
Sarsaparilla, as proof of its
merit :
50 YEARS
OF CURES.
on the 7th inst. remarked: "Molding shops
are idle, while such eminent and loyal mem
bers of the Home Manufacturers' Association
asHolOrook, Merrill & Stetson are selling
Oregon prison-made stove?." The association
wishes it known that Holbrook, Merrill & Stet
son withdrew from the organization last April.
WOULD NOT SIGN.
Agnew anil Kelly Will Not Fight Be
fore the Armory Club.
The Armory Clnb met with disappoint
ment Jast evening when the committee
on boxing made overtures to Agnew and
"Spider" Kelly to sign articles of agree
ment to box ten rounds on the evening of
the club's entertainment.
A&new, who fights at 133 pounds, said
that he would agree to meet Kelly at 135
pounds, but the latter insisted that Agnew
should weigh in at 136 pounua, and on this
score the fighters disagreed and the match
was declared off.
The committee signed Australian Billy
Smith last night to fight some heavy
weight who will be selected to-day. Pos
sibly Stelaner or Peppers may he matched
against Smith. Joe McAuliffe is out of
the question, as he is a back number.
NEW TO-I»AY— AMUSEMENTS.
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Kail way on Earth !
Open Daily from 1 to 11 I*. M.
TO-DAY !— TO - DAY !
BRAND OBSERVANCE OF
ADMISSION DAY!
AT HALF-PAST 4 THIS AFTER-
NOON AND AT 10 TO-NIGHT,
ANTONIO PIRRI
(From the Chntes at Milan, Italy)
Will COAST THE CHUTES and Land la th«
lAke on a Safety Bicycle.
Special Matinee in the Casino.
ROYAL JAPANESE ACROBATS, THE
MASONS. JULES KORTO and
A Mile Bicycle Race on the Stage.
And a Host of Attractions. •
ADMISSION 1O CENTS.
Children, including Merry-Go-Round Hide, Scent*
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
■|^ AT THE I 1 LAST
Baldwin twelve
1 PERFORMANCES
The Grandpa: of all Sardoa's Plays.
MADAME SANS GEE"
WITH KATHRYN KIDDEB IN
THE TITLE ROIK.
A REALLY GREAT PRODUCTION.
49" Seats Now Selling for all Remain-
ing Performances.
I iia^tmc-.ITO-IIIGHT!
CALIFORNIA Inn THE WEEK.
A POSITIVE OVATION.
SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
' Regular j Matinee Saturday.
Stupendous Sensational Scenic Spectacle.
"ON TECH! BO"WBRY I"
Introducing the Bowery's King,
STEVE BRODIH,
Champion .Bridge Jumper of the World.
Vivid Pictures of Greater New York.
Carloads of Elaborate Scenery and Properties.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
liK-i. tai.si. Khrhsu Proprietor <&.U.aa*£«c
Tli© Grand Opera. Season
REPERTOIRE WEEK.
TO-NIGHT-
"IL TROVATORE!"
Cast inclndes— lDA VALERO A, P.EKXICE
HOLM KS, PACHE DX VBIES, NAPO-
liEOMI, TORPI, MULL, Etc.
To-morrow THE BOHEMIAN GIKI,
Friday.. LUCIA
Saturday.. ILTROVATORE
Sunday 1-: veiling. September 13th,
First presentation In this city of Humperdinck'a
Fairy Idyl,
"HANSEL. AND.........GRETELI"
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
_
THICOLAnDtR.OOTTIOD «»'»• itittJAnDrvuiMUtt---
HAPPY I AND
NEW YEAR I ADMISSION DA'S I
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAY 1
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
In De Milie and Eelasco's Great Play,
"THE w T' l5 *' I^-* '■*
Monday Next, "A MATRIMONIAL MAZE"
The Very, Very Funniest of All the Comedies.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOP. OSCO, Sola Leases and Mao***:
DON'T MISS IT
SPECIAL ADMISSION DAY MATINEE
Wednesday, September 9th,
Of the .Wonderful Race Comedy-Drama,
THE GREAT BROOKLYN HANDICAP
Third Week's Triumph of the Favorites,
LOTTIE WILLIAMS, JrJD. J. HURON,
Who will introduce many
NEW SONGS, NEW SPECIALTIES AND
NEW DANCES.
Real Jockeys! Real Kscehorses! Real Fun!
Evening Prices— loc, 2So and 50 0.
ALCAZAR.
O'Farr«U turret, Between Stockton and Powell.
Belasco, Doask & Jordan. Lessee 3 ft Managers.
SPECIAL JAWeE TO-DAY!
PRICES-ISC, 25c and 35c —
The Furiously Funny Farce-Comedy,
"ALL TBH COMFORTS OF HOME!"
'By the Alcazar Stock Company,
"A Factor In Local Theatricals." Perfect In De.
tall. The same play every evening this week.
PRICES— ISc, 25c, 350 and 50c.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
TELEPHONE BLACK 991.
Secure Your Seats in Advance.
SUTRO BATH&
Open Dally from 7 a.m. Until 11 p. it .
Concert Every Afternoon and Evenlne.
General Admission— 10c, Children sc,
78
FOLSOM GRANITE
FOR THE COLLEGES
Assured of Contracts by
the Board of Re
gents.
AGGREGATE OF BIDS
Tents May Be Pitched to Ac
commodate Students at
Berkeley.
ME. KEINSTEIN'S SUGGESTION.
More Power and Dignity Will Be
Given to the Physical Culture
Department.
The Board of Regents, University of
California, met yesterday afternoon and
awarded contracts for construction of the
Alii Hated Colleges on the land deeded to
the board by Mayor Sutro.
The contracts were awarded as follows:
For masonry, including all brick work, terra
rotta work, concrete and all necessary excava
tion based on using granite, Ray Building ana
Construction Company, $143,500.
Iron work, Pacific Rolling-mills, $4925.
Carpenter, plastering and electric and gins
ing work, S. Carle, $67,219.
Plumbing and gas-fitting work, D. C. Swee
ney, $11,193.
Heating work, E. J. Law ton, $8325.
Tinning, galvanized iron and slating work,
Joseph F. Forderer. $9975.
Painting and graining work, $3780.
The report of the committee recommend
ing the foregoing bidders as the Jowest is
signed by Regents J. West Martin and
John E. Budd.
The aggregate amount of the bids is
$248,928. It was found that the board did
nut have sufficient money to make the
award, but a communication was received
from Martens, Coffev <fc Kroft, the archi
tects, waiving their commission and a
tender ol $1151 was made by Dr. Beverley
R. Cole. The architects' waiver and Dr.
Cole's contribution were received in writ
ing, and the board passed resolution of
acceptance. The contributed sums brought
the transaction within the limit of money
on hand.
It appeared that the bid of J. ri. Riley
of San Jose for sandstone was $142,000, but
the regents preferred granite, hence the
award to the Ray Building and Construc
tion Company at the figure of $143,500.
The proceedings disclosed the tact that
granite quarried by prison labor at Fol
som will be used in the college buildings.
The regents adopted a resolution assur
ing the Prison Directors that the granite
used would inure only to the benefit of
the Affiliated Colleges. This resolution is
responsive to proceedings taken by the
Eoard of Prison Directors in September,
1886.
I»r. Beverly R. Cole received a vote of
thanks for his generous contribution of
cash. He responded in a graceful little
speech, expressing his pleasure that tne
lonj; contest for the building of the col
leges had culminated in victory. He men
tioned incidentally that he had worked in
behalf of the enterprise for seven years,
and in closing promised to dedicate the
remaining years of his life to the univer
sity.
Judge Waymire, who was a member of
the last .Legislature, paid a tribute to tbe
zeal and eloquence of Dr. Cole in behalf
of tbe appropriation of money for the col
leges.
Regent Reinstein- introduced the sub
ject of providing tents for students at the
university. He said the classrooms were
inadequate, and something should be done
at once to provide room. A suegestion
was made that military tents might be ob
tained from the Government. Mr. Rein
stein replied that large tents, each capable
of accommodating fifty students, were
needed. The subject was referred to the
committees of finance and buildings and
grounds.
The spreading of tents to shelter the
students would no doubt produce such a
spectacular effect as would arrest the at
tention of the Legislature. Tlie eyes of
the regents are now turned to Sacramento,
and a great effort will be made for a big
appropriation.
There was considerable talk yesterday
about elevating the department of physi
cal culture to the importance which
modern methods of instruction ascribe to
that form of education. The assistant
professor will hereafter be known as
director and he will have a vote in the
faculty. Mr. Haludie said that the de
partment would be reorganized when more
money was available.
On account of the lack of funds tbe
finance committee reported against the
employment of a fellow to assist Director
Holden at Mount Hamilton.
The regents decided that the Michael
Reese fund of $50,000 could not be used for
any purpose other than the purchase of
books.
The regents attending the session were
Phelps (presiding), Marye, John E. Budd,
Crocker, Rowel!, Kellogg, Martin,
Denicke, Hallidie, Fonte, Reinstein, Mil
ler, Waymire and Slack.
Not a word was said of the Bonnell-
Flagg controversy.
AGAINST THE CHARTER.
The American Women's Liberal League
Adopts Kesulutions Scoring Ad-,
vocates of a Certain Section.
At a regular meeting of the Committee
of the American Women's Liberal
League, the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, At a mass-meeting of the Citizens'
Charter Association held in Metropolitan
Temple on Friday evening, September 4, one
Thomas F. Barry, while trying to demonstrate
who are the opponents of the newchnrter, did
maliciously and grossly insult Catholic eiils
of this City by coupling them with his idea of
thugs, anrl a Police Department, that to his
perverted idea, fears investigation; ami
whereas, this league has at all times op
pOKd the new charter on account of its KHd
ernl, unjust and intolerant spirit, its un-Ameri
can tendencies, the evidences of its hasty con
struction, its disposition to make an aulocrat
of one officer lor whose election it does not
provide and the fact that it is a rehash of
charters that have already been rejected with
a few more objectionable points added,
yet in all our opposition we have
fniled to discover thut the Fire and
Police departments have ever expressed
themselves in this relation. They have, how
ever, impressed us as the men who stand in
tbe frcnt ranks of those who contribute to the
de:ense <l our lives and homes, some of them
oven perishing at their posts of duty for the
lives and homes of such ingrates as Thomas F.
Barry, and we believe they shall bo continue
to respond after Mr. Barry and his confreres
shnll hnve been relegat* d to the fabled waters
of the otvjc; therefore, be it
Hesolved, That we believe Thomas F. Barry's
remurks are not only erratic, and lack all
semblance to truth ana common-sense, but
also prove that Mr. Barry lacks the attributes
of a Rentleman.
Jtesolvfd. That we deny that the Fire and
Police departments control or in any way
affect the interests of Catholic girls, or those
of any other denominations, in school matters,
or any rights guaranteed them as Americans.
Resolved, That we congratulate James D.
Phelan on the rally of .such gallant allies us
Thomas F. Barry and others to the standard
which fosters and encourages the bigotry and
prejudice for which their ancestors sought a
home in other climes than the land of their
birth.
Retalved, That we denounce aa weak and
absurd the answer of William F. Gibson, that
the section objected to, in relation to the ap
pointment of teachers, emanated from the fact
that heretofore "importations" from the East
had been employed as soon as they reached
town, and that "newspapers" alleged that in
competent teachers secured positions to the
exclusion of natives of California, who had
qualified here. No such employment could
have been made, in view of the rigid measures
at all times required to test a teacher's quali
fications, unless some School Directors be
trayed their trusts, or -were willfully derelict
to duty, and the new charter makes no pro
vision against a repetition of such dereliction.
Resolved, That we ask of William F. Gibson,
if his reasons as given for framing this section
are in good faith, why are the schools quali
fied by the words public? Why not say the
schools of California, when the charter re
quires all to pass a competitive examination?
We ask this particularly, since Mr. Gibson has
stated to a member of this league, that he be
lieved this section was a thrust at private and
parochial schools.
Resolved, That we believe, according to Mr.
Gibson's answers, the new charter say* one
thing and means another. The charter pro
vides that certain teachers must be educated
in the public schools, but Mr. Gibson says any
person who has taken a course in any of the
public schools is considered to have been ed
ucated therein. According to this reasoning,
a person taking an alphabetical course in the
public schools and afterward graduating from
Stanford University would be considered ed
ucated in the public schools.
Resolved, That Mr. Gibson's answer in regard
to the tenure of office of a teacher and his
quotation of a Supreme Court decision do not
agree with the new charter, which says that
the Board ol Education shall have power to
grant and revoke certificates, and that the
board shall determine the caus-e for which a
teacher shall be dismissed, and we note that
no limitations are placed on this power.
Resolved, That we believe that when an
applicant for a teacher's position is proven
qualified by the examination necessary to
secure a certificate, such credential is a suffi
cient guarantee of competency, and require
ment to taice an additional course in a normal
school, when such proof can be thus furnished,
is calculated to impede the freedom of educa
tion, which is a bulwark of our liberties.
Resolved, That we believe the method of
Chairman Davis in declaring the resolutions
unanimously adopted, without calling for the
negative vote, is in perfect keeping with the
views of the speakers, all onesided.
AGAINST THE NOE HEIRS,
Judge Sanderson Decides the
Long Contested
Case.
Suit Involving the Validity of Titles
to Land Worth Many
Millions.
The long-contested suit of the Noe
heirs, involving the validity of titles to a
large amou nt of land in tbe Mission, val
ued up in the millions, was decided yes
terday by J udge Sanderson against the
Noe heirs.
The suit was brought with the purpose
of quieting title to an undivided half of
the Miguel rancho, containing something
above 4000 acres, granted to Jose de Jesus
Noe by Governor Pio Pico in 1846. The
suit was brought by the heirs of Noe's
wife, upon the ground that the wife had a
community interest.
The question involved was based on thij
point— whether tho grant to the husband
vested in his wife a community interest.
The court decided against the plaintiff
heirs and in favor of the defendants, who
number over 1000. Judge Sanderson in
the opinion filed says:
The land in question here was given out
right by the Mexican Government to Noe in
1846. He paid nothing whatever for it, and
some eight years later he sold it to Homer for
$70,000, it appears, and now, half a century
later, the property, largely covered by im
provements, is said by counsel to be worth up
ward of $50,000,000. Upon it are founded the
homes and probably the entire fortunes of
thousands of the inhabitants of this City, who
have already lived there in perfect legal se
curity as to their titles, which have been un
questioned for nearly. If not quite, thirty years
last past.
At this late day an assault of this character
upon these titles, based on aquestion and con
tention of law long since definitely fixed and
settled by our courts, must strike the ordinary
mind as wholly without justification and
prompt the wish and show the necessity Jor
some remedy at the harms of our legislators
whereby long-established owners of property,
such as the numerous defendants in this ac
tion may, if possible, be protected in some
manner from the bringing of suits like the
present one against them to determine a ques
tion long since laid at rest, without being com
pelled to undergo the expense and annoyance
of defending an unfounded action in order to
keep their titles unclouded.
There is no way under the present law, so
far as I am advised, by which the good faith of
the plaintiffs in such suits can be tested or
guaranteed prior to trial, but this I believe
can be effected by a proper law in that benalf.
The necessity for such a remedy could easily
be more forcibly illustrated, in my opinion,
than Dy the present suit.
It muy be added that the point heretofore
stated is not the sole ground on which an
action like this and based upon similar facts
would be defeated in this Slate.
Our Supreme Court has held that where
property, as a matter ol law, becomes com
munity property, as is claimed by plaintiffs
here, nevertheless the right remained with
the husband to dispose o< the same, in the
absence of fraud, and likewise to sell and dis
pose of the entire community property in
order to pay community debts; "and where the
property was sold, as here, for a valuable con
sideration it would be presumed that the hus
bund disposed of the property for that pur
pose and a valid title to the whole property
would pass thereby.
There were over 1000 defendants in this
suit.
HER PATHE TIC STORY.
Km ma Peterson, a Young Girl, Sent to
the Receiving Hospital.
Emma Peterson, a pretty girl 20 years
of age, was found on Washington-street
wharf yesterday afternoon by Sergeant
Tom Mahoney, and as he thought she in
tended to commit suicide, he sen t her to
the Receiving Hospital in the patrol
wagon.
She had been sitting on a pile of lnmber
for about two hours, and her appearance
was so dejected that Mahoney determined
to watch her. When he saw her leave her
seat on the lumber pile and sit on the
stringers he concluded it was time to act.
The girl told her story in the hospital.
She said: "I had no intention of com
mitting suicide and was paring my nails
when the policemau arrested me. I am
troubled with headaches and often go to
the wharves, as the breeze from the sea
does me good.
"I came from Norway two years ago
and kept house for my brother, Julius
Peterson, a carpenter at 1911 O'Farrell
street. He was so unkind to me that I
tried to get a situation. I got one with a
family named Meyers at 1911 Bu*h street.
There were ten in the family, and as I had
to do all the work and only got $10 a
month, I left there two or three weeks ago.
I went back to my brother's, but he was
so unkind that lor the past two weeks I
have been wandering about the streets
trying to get something to do. I was
arrested two or three days ago but was
discharged after I told my story."
The girl told Mrs. Keane, the matron,
that sne had a sweetheart, Ole Olsen a
sailor on the Umatilla, which is now lying
at the Broadway wharf, and as soon as
they got enou-h money, they would be
married. Efforts will be made to find a
home for her.
Escaped From an Asylum.
P. O'Connor was arrested on Market street
Monday night for being drunk. Yesterday
morning he told Captain Robinson at the
City Prison that he had made his escape from
the btockton Insane Asylum because they
made him peel potatoes and would not give
him any tobacco. He was sent to the Receiv
ing Hospital aud the asylum authorities were
notified.
Broke Her Arm.
Mrs. Catherine Griffin had a broken arm
diessßQ »t the Receiving Hospital yesterday
morning.
Borrow on sealskins, silks and Jewels at Uncle
Harris', 15 «i««MU avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
WINTHROP HAD
CAMPBELL'S PURSE
The Planter Identifies Prop
erty Stolen From
Him.
STRONG BIT OF EVIDENCE
The Prisoner Wanted to Recover
His Telegrams Sent to
Urquhart.
BUT THE W. U. DECLINED.
They Also Are Offered and Tell
Against the Defendant — The
Proceedings.
Oliver Winthrop was a close and anx
ious listener to the testimony against him
adduced before Judge Wallace yesterday
on the charge of attempting to extort
$20,000 from James Campbell, the Ha
waiian planter.' His wife sat beside him
all day, lying back in her chair for the
most part, with a very weary expression.
An important link in the chain of evi
dence was developed. Detective Charles
Cody, in telling of the arrest of Winthrop
in Oakland, said that upon searching tbe
prisoner a purse containing $7 was found,
besides some small coin in a vest pocket,
together with a railroad ticket to Mojave.
James Campbell, the complaining wit
ness, became interested at the mention of
the purse, and, it being put in evidence,
asked to be allowed to examine it. Upon
its being handed to him he said at once:
"This is mine; it was taken from me
while I was held a prisoner in the cot
tape."
This, of course, is considered very im
portant, as it directly connects the pris
oner with the crime.
"Did Winthrop say anything when he
was searched?" was asked the witness.
"He said, 'Weil, the jig is up.' "
"Was the prisoner searched again?"
"Yes. When he was brought to this
City Detective Seymour searched him
again and found in the tops of his shoes
three $20 gold pieces."
Detective Seymour being called corrobo
rated this and said, lurther, that Camp
bell and Winthrop were brought together
in a room of the Police Department at the
City Hall and that Campbell at once
identified Winthrop as ;he man who had
imprisoned and tortured him. Campbell
then retired and Winthrop inquired,
"Who is that man?"
"I asked him if he had never seen him
before," said tbe witness, "and he de
clined answering."
The witness produced a steel spilt ring
which he said he found in the basement of
the cottage at 4109 California street.
Oth'cer Clancey being placed on tbe
stand testified to having searched the
cottage on Aupust 16, and to have found
hidden behind a coal bin in the basement
a chain with a staple attached, and also a
quantity oi rope, which was also attempted
to be hidden.
Manager Frank Jaynes of the Western
Union Company was the next to testify.
At the request of Mr. Barnes, he produced
telegrams sent from this City to San Jose
addressed to D. A. Urquhart by Winthrop
bearing date of July 31.
On motion of Mr. Barnes, the telegrams,
which mude appointments between Win
throp and Urqtihart, were then introduced
in evidence, against the objection of the
defense.
Mr. Barnes next produced a letter, which
he asked to have introduced in evidence.
The defense strenuously objected. Judge
Wallace asked to see the document, and it
turned out to be an order signed by v7in
trop and addressed to Mr. Jaynes, ordering
him to deliver to Attorney Bell all tele
grams which he (Winthrop) had sent to
Urquhart from San Jose, the intention
being to remove the messages from the
Western Union tiles.
In order to prove that Winthroo signed
the letter to Mr. Jaynes Mr. Barnes put At
torney Bell on the stand.
The lawyer admitted having written the
body of the letter, but declined to *tate
whether or not Winthrop signed it, claim
ing that if he did so it was a privileged
communication. In that position he was
sustained by the court.
Mr. Jaynes then resumed by stating that
Mr. Bell called at me Western Union office
regarding the telegram, but the witness
did not see him.
"You have another telegram sent from
San Jose on July 31 and signed Winthrop,
have you?" asked Mr. isarnes.
"1 have it here sealed, and will not open
it except by direction of the court, as I
do not know whether it refers to this case
or not."
Judge Wallace ordered the witness to
open the envelope. Mr. Barnes and Cap
tain Lees read it. The telegram turned
out to be a cipher dispatch to Attorney
Quitzow. It was finally admitted for
identification. It ran as follows:
San Jose, July 31, 1896.
H. W. Quitzow, San Francisco: See Main, 8
Alpine street. President thirty-six. Be
cautious. Winthrop.
The case was continued over until to
morrow, as the court will be closed to-day.
SUBSIDIES FOR SHIPS
The Liberal Sums Which Are
Now Paid by European
Governments.
Competition With Japan Impossible.
Important Advices From
Washington.
At yesterday's session of the board of
trustees of the ChamDer of Commerce a
communication was read from the Ameri
can Merchant Marine Association of New
York, giving a rough estimate of the sub
sidies, bonuses, etc., paid by European
Governments to their steam and sail ton
nage. It shows that tbe total amount
paid by Great Britain was $5,033,440; by
Germany, $1,240,000; by Norway and Swe
den, $318,000; by France, $2,100,000; by
Italy, $801,917; by Austria-Hungary,
$1,600,000.
It is evident, from these figures, that
with the $20,000 subsidy in silver Japan
will pay each way to steamers of 5000 tons
burden on the line about to be established
between the United States and the Orient,
no steamers flying the American or Eng
lish flag cmi afford tc navigate the Pacific
Ocean in competition with them. The
subsidy will pay tbe expenses of coal,
provisions and wa<res, leaving the earn
ings on freight and passage comparatively
cJenr profit."
Un ted States Senator John T. Morgan
of A bama in reply to a resolution of
thaiia.s passed by the chamber, wrote:
I hold in great Honor ana esteem the men
who, through your Chamber of Commerce,
have accomplished so much and are resolved
to continue the great work of developing and
controlling those immense resources of wealth
and of our prosperity and glory as a leading
power in the world." That my devotion to a
work that is so inviting and full of the re
quirements of duty should have been so
kindly approved by your Chamber of Com
merce gives me a gratification that more than
compensates me for the inefficient support I
have been able to give in the Senate.
Should I live to see Alabama and California
brought into tbe commercial relations due to
these great States of our southern border, and
to share in rendering to you, sir (Captain W.
L- Merry), the proper reward of gratitude for
your enlightened and courageous' support of
the Nicaraguan canal, I shall reeard that
service as being in the highest sense honorable
and desirable.
It was stated in a communication from
the Department of State at Washington
that the name of Dr. Raffel haa been sub
mitted for appointment as president of
the Municipal Council at At>ia, Samoa, in
place of James R. Watson, objected to by
the chamber as being inimical to Ameri
can interests.
Secretary Beanston informed the cham
ber that its petition for the establishment
by the Board .of Education of an evening
school of navigation for boys was under
consideration, tut would not be finally
acted upon until the latter part of this
month.
CHUTES TO-DAY.
Admission Day Will Be Celebrated Oat
on Haight Street.
Admission day will De appropriately
observed at the chutes. There will be a
special matinee in the casino this after
noon, with a number of new features, and
at half-paH 4 Antonio Pirri, the young
man from Milan, will shoot down the
chutes on his bicycle and land in the lake
without injury to himself or wheel.
lv the evening there will De an elabor
ate illumination of the grounds, and the
chutes, scenic railway, trolley, merry-go
round, haunted swinj:, hall of illusions
and other attractionsof the Haight-street
grounds will be in full operation.
"KING" McMANUS DYING
The Ruler of the Potrero in Past
Years Waiting for the
End.
He Has Managed to Fight Death Away
for More Than Three Months
of Torture.
The "King of the Potrero" is lying nigh
unto death.
Stricken with dropsy of the stomach,
Franic McManns has been obliged to lay
aside his scepter for the time being, and
his subjects, who crowd about his bedside
nightly, have little hope of his recovery.
A consultation of physicians was held
Frank McManus.
yesterday to determine whether the pa
tient should be operated upon, and it was
decided that the operation might be de
layed until Dr. Morse of the Board of
Health returns from Stockton on Thurs
day.
No man is better known in the middle
stratum of politics than Frank McManus.
Years ago he absolutely controlled the
suffrage in this County south of Mission
Creek, the voters of the Union Iron Works
and the slaughter-houses casting their
ballots according to his dictum. His ab
sence from the field in this campaign has
been a noticeable feature.
Four months ago McManus was taken
sick, and from a man of powerful physique,
weighing 230 pounds, he has fallen away
to a mere skeleton, weighing less than 150
pounds.
BOLLES GETS THE PLUM.
Tho Captain of the Columbia Will Be
Blade Local Inspector of
Boilerg.
Captain O. F. Bolles of the steamer
Columbia will receive the appointment of
local inspector of hulls and boilers, made
vacant by the recent death of Captain Tal
bot. At least such is the recommendation
of the special commission consisting of
Judge Morrow, Collector Wise and Super
vising Inspector Bermingham.
On Friday last an examination for the
vacant position was held at the Hulls and
Boilers office, Appraiser's building, six
well-known sea captains undergoing the
test. Yesterday their papers were opened
and Cai-tain Bolles was found to have ob
tained the highest percentage — 90 — Cap
tain F. W. Hart of the Zeaiandia beine next
on the list.
The successful aspirant was born in
Massachusetts, in 1840. From his appli
cation now on file in the Hulls and Boilers
office it is learned that he wont to sea
when only 18 years oid. In time he be
came mate of sailing ana steamship ves
sels, and for the last twenty-six years has
been a licensed master. Captain Bolles is
one of the most popular captains on the
coast and his appointment by the Secre
tary of the Treasury, on the recommenda
tion of the local board, is most deserving.
HAD TO BE SHOT.
A Valuable Horse Comes to Grief in »
Free Fight.
No small disturbance was created yes
terday morning at Sells & Forepaugb's
circus by a free fight among the stallions.
The powerful brutes bit, kicked and
jumped upon each other in the wildest
fashion, and before tbe hostlars could re
duce them to subjection one beautiful and
valuable white horse had been so severely
kicked that its sufferings were painful to
witness.
Officer McCurrie of the Society tor the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was
summoned to the scene of tbe equine
lray, and at the request of the proprietors
ended the stalliou's misery by shooting it
through the head. The men who bad
been in charge of the horse had learned to
love him for his rare beauty and intelli
gence, and would not remain to see him
shot.
Italian Consul Banqueted.
Cay. F. Serra, the new Italian Consul,
was given a banquet last night at the Maison
Riche by the board of electors of the Italian
Chamber of Commerce. The occasion was the
first formal introduction of the recent arrival
to the representative men of Importance in
tne Italian colony of this City. A very elabo
rate menu of sixteen courses was served. The
following were seated about the single table:
Cay. F. Serra, Royal Consul-General, F.
Cavajnaro, P. C. Rossi, D. BUgi, F. Rossi, Dr.
V. Vaccari, Captain L. Bnglietto. C. Dondero,
G. Malpiede, A. Devoto, G. Onesti and Cay. G.
Calegarlß.
ALL NATIONS IN
CARNIVAL ARRAY
Final Preparations for a
Brilliant Social
Event
MUSIC AND TABLEAUX.
Coming Fete of the Women's
Educational and Indus
trial Union.
LIST OF THE PARTICIPANTS.
Judging From Present Indications the
Affair Will Be a Magnifi
cent Success.
Great preparations are being made for
the splendid Carnival of Nations, which
will open on the evening of the 21st inst.
in Natfve Sons' Hall, on Mason street,
near Post. The affair is to be conducted
by the members and friends of the
Women's Educational and Industrial
Union, and hopes are cherished that it
will result in the addition of a substantial
sum to the union's building fund.
"If the carnival be a success," said Mme.
Louise Sorbier, president of the union,
yesterday, "we intend to employ a part of
the proceeds in the construction of a free
gymnasium for women. Our main object,
however, is to get a Lome of our own. We
have many friends, and I for one am sure
they will do their best to aid us in realiz
ing this good purpose. There will be
many new and attractive features in the
carnival, and I am sure all visitors will
find it a most unique and delightful
affair."
Some idea of the magnitude of the
event may be found from a perusal of the
following list of booths with name 3of
the participants in each:
American booth— Mrs. C. F. Kapp, president;
Mrs. M. Duke, treasurer; Mrs. E. Anderson,
Mrs. Bradley, Mrs. T. Quinlan, Mrs. Wright,
Mrs. M. Church, Miss Lclia Laws, Miss Pearl
Laws, Miss Margary Hend ricks. Miss Mamie
Hinck, Miss Jennie Stark, .\ii>s Emma Thain,
Miss Annie Hinck, Miss Louisa Bogan, Miss
Leonie Lehaille, Miss Ruby Manza, Miss L.
Wichman, Louis Schord, Miss filrdie Hester,
Miss Lena Wishman.
English booth— Mrs. Kate Willarts (presi
dent), Miss Susan Willarts, Miss Augusta W.
Uobe, Miss Mabel Gonard, Miss Naomi John
son, Miss Louise Stephenson, Miss Emelie
Witzemenn, Miss Anna Witzemenn, Miss Cora
Hayes, Miss Helen Boyle, Miss Effie Hester
Walter Brunt, Fred Bratton, J. E. Coffer,
Henry Ashcroft, John C. Boyle, Ed McCurry.
French booth— Mme. Verdier, president;
Mme. Dr. Zussman. vice-president ; Mme. Pros
per Reiter, Mme. Locher, Mile. Montrichard,
Mile. Games, Mile. Daclln, Mile. Block, Mile.
Rieux, Mile. Alice Rieux, Mile. Balny, Mile.
Blumenthal, Mile. Fryer, Mile. Berges, Pros
per Rietter, Victor RietteT. Mr. Gonzales, Mr.
Yonke, Mr. Raymond, Mr. Duncan.
Mexican booth— Mrs. Dr. Lotus Oviedo, presi
dent, the Misses Whiteside, Miss M.
McNelly, Mi?s Carrie Harris, Miss Goodel, Miss
Alberta Gruenhagen, Miss Charlote Grueuna
gen, Miss Maud Haas, Miss Emma Prosek, Miss
Mac Folsom, Miss Lauretta Cook, Dr. Louis
Oviedo, Stanlord G. Lewald (manager). Dr.
McCarthy, Messrs. Robert F. Haight, Fred F.
Martin. Walter J. Wiley, Henry A. Whitley, W.
Loiza and Mr. Goodel.
Spanish booth— Mrs. Paris Zllburn, presi
dent; Mrs. Dr. Kemp Van Ec, Mrs. Patterson,
Mrs. Critcher, Mrs. L. C. Swain, Mrs. Cowgill,
MissS. Tresa Shrieves, the Misses Tabler, the !
Misses Kilburn, Miss Wright, Miss Inglesole, j
thu Misses Tenants, Miss Lou Holland, Miss
Cohn, Paris Kilburn. Mr. Simons, Professor
Howe, Mr. Cowgill, Mr. Woiie, Daniel Gates,
George McDougail.
Music booth — Madame Ellen Coursen-
Rocckel, president; Mrs. George Barren, secre
tary; Mrs. H. Lewis, treasurer. Assisted by
Mrs. William B. Hunt. Mrs. Theodore Lun
stedt, Mrs. Gilbert Whi taker, Mile. Elena j
Roeckel, Milton Wasserman, Francis J. Ban
ner, Richard N. Walch, John P. Duffy. Oscar
Frank, Hall Socumb, Charles Wescott, Profes
■or Joseph Loin bare ro, Professor Joseph
Roecnel, J. Sancho. E. H. Stienegger, E. Lotz,
A. F. Johnnsen, C. Moral, Dr. T. A. Rotianzi.L.
Mojica, Me«dames F. B. Rnmo, C. Coursen- j
Campbell, William P. Stout, William Shew, A.
Johnnsen, K. Peterson, Nell Couch, A. Miley,
M. Mabie, G. Sherry, I. Schintz, E. Svhneidern,
A. DeDalvez, J. Johnnsen, T. Milly, A. Deconr
tieux. E. Bolger, F. Horan, A. Mojica, L. Ryan,
A. McCarthy.
Gypsy booth— Mrs. Eva Bates, president;
Mrs. Dr. Janes, treasurer; Mrs. Millzner; Miss
Green, secretary; Miss Cecile Sorbier, Miss
Eveline Huff, Miss E. Johnson, Miss G. John
son. Miss ML A. Stevenot, Miss L. Stevenot,
Miss Sadie Gardner, Mr. Dean, Mr. Impey,
D. W. Butes, J. Greenfield, E. K. Stevenot!
Enrique de la Vega, Miss Mattie Holbrook.
Italian booth— Mme. Stefani, president; Miss
Rottanzi, vice-president; Mrs. Steinman, sec
retary; Miss Whitelaw, Miss J. Walker, the
Misses Green, Miss R. Murchand, Miss M. Ken
edy. Miss May Sullivan, Miss M. Sullivan, Miss
K. Donahue, Miss C. Donahue, Miss Adele Rot
tanzi, Miss Laviaga, Miss M. Laviaga, Dominico
Rossi, Aric Francis, Mr. Anderson.
German boothj— Mrs. If. J. Wieland (presi
dent), Mrs. May Simons (vice-president), Mrs.
C. A. Raymond, Mrs. A. J. Tepley (treasurer),
Mrs. E. Tobleman ; Miss N. D. Sawer, Miss S.
F. Douglass, Miss E. Minzenmeier, Miss Minna
Barbieri, Miss 'J. Barbieri, Miss Emily Rus
sell, Miss Gabriel Furlong, Miss Mamie
Heenan.Miss Isabel Schott, Miss R. T. Smith,
Miss Munk, Miss Beer; Messrs. W. A. Upp, P.
H. Douglass, F. Tobleman (secretary), and
Mr. Mallim.
Greek booth— Mrs. Edgerton, president ; Mrs.
Brennan, secretary; Mrs. Merrick, Miss T.
Brennan; Miss T. Lane, treasurer: Miss M.
McCurdy, Miss A. McCurdy, Miss H. McCurdy.
MissN. Hayes, Miss K. Hues; John Ratlford,
M. Pope, Frrtnk Burk, and seven others.
Danish booth— Mrs. E. K. Stevenot, presi
dent; Mrs. J. P. Nielson, treasurer; Miss Agnes
Coryeli, secretary; Mrs. Wilson, Mrs. Captain
Anderson, Miss Adler, Miss M. Adler, Miss
Decker, Miss Sallie Boyle, Miss Helen Nelson
Miss Nellie Stevenot, Miss Mulgrew. Miss Wad
ham, Professor Schmidt, Mr. Ho'.st. Mr. Wil
son, A. Nielson, Mr. Decker. Jans Nieison.
Irish booth— Mrs. Senator Mahonev, presi
dent; Mrs. Dr. C. C. O'Donueli, Mrs.Greei.au,
treasurer; Miss Louise Bonero, secretary;
Miss Marie Mahoney, Miss Gummer, Miss An
derson, Miss Edith Anderson, Miss Clara
Stone, Miss Kate Fitzpatrick, Miss A Nine
Miss Susie Roy, Miss M. Murphy, Miss Lottie
Yeazelle, Miss Lolita Yeazelle, Miss N. Mackin
tosh. Miss Annie Donahue, Henry Donahue
Mr. Yeazelle and eight others.
Japanese booth— Mrs. F. A. Cornell, Presi
dent; MissD. Taber, Miss K. Murphy, treas
urer; Miss Rose Davey, Miss G. Tobin'Mlss R
Serda, Miss M. Phillius, Miss Mabel Howiand,
Miss S. Serda, Miss Mabel Beers, Miss Stark
weather, Fred Berlin, secretary ; T. Aoki Z
Zamake, E. Mendel, Baldwin Vail, Ranctel
PhiliD, Frank Davey, Fred Wieland, Will
Smith, Ray Rickey, Emil Wieland.
Oriental booth — President, Mrs. Isidore
Burns; vice-president, Mrs. Horace Wilson;
Miss Marie Sorbier. Miss Lucy Wall. Miss La- |
throp, Miss Good m.-ui. Miss C. Hazen Miss \.
Hazen, Miss N. Hine.s Miss N. C. Morris, Miss
Esther Petty, Miss L. Harris, John Flinn, Ed
Lane, Daniel Coleman, Mr. Brown. Cyrus
Knapp Megget, Philip Schen. P. J. O'Farrell,
W. Thompson.
Bwedish booth— Mrs. Therasa Jensen (presi
dent), Mrs. L. C. Fraser (vice-president), Miss
Helen Johnson (secretary), Miss Ellen John
«"' M^? R £ da Enquist, Miss Ella Enquist,
Miss Elizabeth Johnson, Miss Hilda An
derson, Miss Lilly Anderson, Miss Ella Ander
son. Miss Ellen Nielson, Mrs. Shay, Mrs. Liu
skog. H. Grotschier, R. Janson.J. M. Rudebeck,
A. Tetsen, J. Nelson, Victor Anderson, John
Anderson, Julius Sandberg, Gus Anderson Mr.
Shay.
Russian booth— Mrs. Ella Sexton, Miss T.
Sorbier, Mr. Auradou, C. Swasev, Mr. Thomp
son. Mr. O'Neil, Mr. Flinn, Miss T. Holbrook,
Miss E. Gehrets. Miss E. Scott Vance. Miss G.
Wool, Miss Wool, Miss Aithof, R. Hunt. Albert
Palmer, A. Lundy. Mr. Gauld
Scotch booth— Mrs. Andrew Wilkie (presi
dent), Mrs. R. Gratto (vice-president), Mrs. A.
MONftir (secretary), Mrs, A. Hendy. Mrs. Cum
ming. Mrs. Purdy, Mrs. Nicoi.Mrs. Rae Brown,
Mrs. John Dickey. Mr.-. Bennett, Mrs. Scobie,
Mrs. J. D. Coulle (treasurer), Mr. J. D. Coulie,
Mrs. Curry, Miss Curry. Miss McNair, Miss
C-ok; Andrew Wilkie, R. Gratto, James Sco
bie. James Wilster, Mrs. James Wil.uer. Mrs.
G. Davidson, J. McLaren, Mr. MacNiel, Mrs.
Macdonald, Mrs. A. J. McAlister, Miss 8. Mac
donald, Mrs. Phelps, if iss Finnery, Mrs. M. F.
Dawson, Mrs. R. Macdonala, Mrs. J. Dickie Jr.,
"V h ; J - R> Watson, W. Watson, Mr. Nevins,
A. C. Ballingall, James Rattery, E. Kerr and
Alister Macdonald.
Mmc Louise A. Sorbier, general manager;
Mrs. Mary Prag, adviser on historical tab
leaux, L«on Auradou, manager and poser of
tableaux; reception committee— Messrs. Emile
McCurdy, J. Martin, Martin Merle and tnree
others.
Each evening three tableaux will be pre
sented, each booth having charge of one
in turn. Different bandswill play every
evening, the musical selections rendered
being for the most part National airs sue
gested by the various taDleaux. The order
as thus far arranged will be as follows, sub
ject to change:
Monday, September 21— Tableaux by the
American, Mexican and Spanish booths- music
by the Native Sons' bund.
September 22— French, Russian and Music
booths; Hebrew Orphan Asylum band.
September 23— Japanese, Oriental and Ital
ian booths ; Letter-carriers' band.
September 24 — Scotch, Irish and Gypsy
booths; Hebrew Orphan Asylum band.
September 25— English, German and Danish
booths; Sacred Heart College orchestra.
September 26— Greek, Swiss and Swediih
booths; band Dot yet selected.
Rehearsals are being held every day,
and the costumes to be used by the par
ticipants are magnificent as well as his
torically correct. The admission fee will
be 50 cerrtb, though tickets entitling three
persons to admittance will be sold for $1.
Season tickets, admitting two persons,
will be sold for $3, and will be honored
whether presented by purchasers or
others.
INGLES IS REWARDED.
The Brave Engineer Is Presented With
Token* of Appreciation by Hia
Employers.
Engineer E. F. Ingles, the hero of Web
ster's, who !-aved his passengers from rob
bery by killing Bandit Morgan on Septem
ber 5, was called before J. A. Fiilmore,
A. D. Wilder and other officers of the
Southern Pacific Railway Company yes
terday morning and given a testimonial
ror bravery. No other persons were pres
ent and the ceremony was simple. Mr.
Fiilmore banded tbe brave engineer the
company's check for $250, together with a
beautiful gold watch and chain. On the
watch was the following inscription: "To
I Mr. Edward F. Ingles, from the Southern
| Pacific Railway Company in recognition
| of his heroic conduct in savins; his train
from robbers. September 5, 1896.''
Mr. Ingles was deeply moved by the
presentation. He thanked thedonorsand
said he did not consider that he had done
anything more than his duty.
TO EDUCATE THE EAST,
A Proposal to Have a State
Exhibit at a Distant
City.
Request for Articles for the Phi a
deipbia National Produce
Mns urn.
The directors of the State Board of Trade
held their regular monthly meeting yester
day. At the last gathering of the directors
Will E. Fisher, in a communication, sug
gested that the different commercial
organizations of tiie State and the State
Board of Trade unite in the collection of a
produce exhibit to be maintained in some
large Eastera city.
The committee which had been ap
pointed by the board to investigate the
proposed matter reported that the ex
penses of collecting and forwarding the
exhibit, such as would be a credit to Cali
fornia, would amount to $7250. The cost
of maintaining this collection in a good
locality for the first year would be $9200
and the following year about $10,000. This
would mate the total cost for two years
$26,450.
The committee recommended that the
board notify the different commercial
bodies that it was willing to undertake the
collection and maintenance of an adequate
exhibit of the resources of the State for
the sum mentioned.
It was also recommended by the board
that legislative action be taken whereby
the counties of the State be authorized to
raise their yearly exhibition fund from
$1000 to $2000, and al-o that a permanent
Slate fund of $25,000 annually be appro
priated for exhibition purposes.
The proposition to make a produce ex
hibition at the Golden Gate Park Museum
was not favored by the board as such ex
hibition would injure the exhibit at the
Board of Trade rooms in this City.
Tbe directors of the great National
Produce Museum at Philadelphia, which
is maintained by that city, have requested
that ihe different State boards appoint
two representatives to confer with them
on the subject o! perfecting the Philadel
phia exhibition.
The museum managers desire to receive
constantly articles for exhibit from all
over the United States. They collect and
transport all articles to the museum at
their own expense.
The matter was favorably considered.
■»—» — • — •-
THERE IS A DEADLOCK.
Election Commissioners Cannot Agree
on the Awarding of a Contract.
Mayor Sutro will probably have to re
turn before the Board of Election Com
missioners can decide who is to have the
contract for building the voting stalls in
the election booths. The vote on the mat
ter stands a tie, and none of the commis
sioners seems to have any intention of
chancing his mind. The matter is being
postponed from day to day.
The following were stricken from the
register yesterday for irregular registra
tion: William P. Minor, 961 Mission;
Willis E. Ryan, 959 Mission: Bud Rush,
14-16 Ellis; Martin Cresalia, 15 Third;
Frank Shaffer, 232^ Tenth; John T. Wil
liam, 425 Stockton; W. S. Burrows, 765
Mission; R. E. Anderson, 323 Pacific
Mosaic floors, laid wuh small pieces of
different colored stones set in regular
patterns, were Known to the Egyptians 300
B. C. In Babylon floors of this kind
dated from 1100 B. C.
NEW TO-DAY.
INFANT HEALTH!
| SENT'FREE %
% A little book that should be in every |s
•>> home. Issued by the manufacturers M
pj o.: the P«
I Gail Borden Eagle Brand |
I Condensed Milk ri
V: N. Y. Condensed Milk Co. i
\1 71 Hudson Street, Hew York ij
Si OPIUM
The pura essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the valuables medicinal properties of Opium
-without ( ts noxious elements. No sickness cf stomach ;
no Tomit.ug ; no costtTeness; no headache.' All Druggist*.
- NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON 8T3.-RB-
modeled »nd renovated. KING, WARD & CO.
European plan. - Booms 50c to $1 50 per day, $ J
to f8 per week. $8 to $30 per moutn: free battu:
hot and cold water every room: lira grate* v
•very room: elevator runs ailment-
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAM! AN A BITXJBUS, Xxtji
great Mexican Remedy; arm UeaiUk »M
StewucUt to urn OKJkuai Ufy*u*
SEV TO-PAT. r^_^.
PB ARGONAUT
(|til| WHISKEY
h^M Five Years
i^BI InWood
s^^^&' ! ! Before
|BjJO3BIW Bottling.
Bfiajai^i Li I VI All I ill
|j |i ..0.i...T..t^ Li IVlrtll I 111
S^^^P Market SL
i J 4'j '' **wSymiJiS San ITranclsco*
LJ A ¥ I""* lIJOEPOHEIM,
1 1/^.L^fl. I TAILOR.
PRICE
THIS
WEEK
When you take Into account what
you pay at other houses.
Pants to Order S 3.50
Pants to Order 4.50
Pants to 0rder...... 5.00
Snits to 0rder...... 1 0.00
Snits to 0rder...... 13.50
Snits to Order-. 111 . 15.00
Perfect fit and best of workmanship guaranteed
or no sale. Don't fall to examine our goods before
buying elsewhere.
GRAND OPENING
Of New Store, 844 and 846 Market St.
New Goods at All the Stores.
201 and 203 Montgomery st., cor. Busk.
734 Market and 1110, 1113 Market St,
JOE POHEIM, THE TAILOR.
FAI L Oq
DOCTOR SWEANY
The ablest and most successful specialist
of the age in the treatment of all Chronic,
Nervous and Special Diseases of both Men
and Women. '
Diseases of young-, middle.
aged and old men which weaKen
tue body and the brain, causing ner-
vous debility in all its distressing
forms, such as drains which sap trie vital-
ity, weak and failing manhood, aching
back: and diseased kidneys, inflamed
glands, varicocele, hydrocele and in many
cases degradation and untimely death,
positively, permanently and forever cured
by Dr. Sweany witn nig new ft itment
which is the result of years ol study,
practice and experience.
Heart, Brain, Nerves and
ltlood. if you have a dizziness of the
head and palpitation of the heart, difficult
breathing and suffocating feeling, a tired,
irritable, discontented feeling ana fear of
impending danger or death, a dread of
being alone or the reverse; if your mem-
ory is failing and you are gloomy and de-
spondent and feel an aversion to society,
you are suffering from a serious disease of
the nerves, brain, heart and blood. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and
CONSULT DR. SWEANY. Disease*
of Women scientifically treated and
invariably cured.
THE POOR of this city who call at his
office on Friday afternoons of each week
are welcome to his professional services
free.
You can be cured at home.
Write your troubles if living away from
the city and are unable to call. Letters
are answered in English, German, French,
Italian, Swedish, Norwegian and Danish.
Correspondence 1 strictly confidential.
Book. "Guide to Health," sent free on ap«
plication. Address • <-■,*■'
fIR F I QU/PAMV 737 Market St..
Ull. T. L. OHLrlll, Saa Francisco, CsJ.
The
Subscription List
Of the
Weekly : Call
«
Has
More Than Doubled
Within the Past Year.
PCMehe«ter'» EnglUh Diamond Hraad. '
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<S~V Original sad Only (renulnc a
J"dfnttS. • •*"• «1"»7 ! relUbU. .-.. ladies uk JB\ '
r".j}\ WKAM Drujgut for Ckicbttter § Knglith DiaMf^.
JrSjßrwKXkmond Brandt In Ked and Gold meUllloVU&)
2v — TwWb^xei «eal«d with blue ribbon. Take \vjr
{?) ®^ IEW(no other. Rtfutt dcmgtnut tit*. V
I / ** flftioru and it-iUationt. At Drugging, orwnd4o.
\»» O "Relief for I.aillris'* In Uttm; kriital.
-»O__ ff MbIL 1 0.000 T«.Mmonl»lf. NaiJjSZ?
*va to «U Lnti Drmuu. s*Wl«4?-» ¥2A HOUSE THAT
WAS STOLEN
Enterprising Boys Did a
Contractor's Work for
Him.
NEIGHBORS ARE DAZED.
At Dark the Dwelling Was
There, and at Daylight It
Was Gone.
NOT A STICK LEFT STANDING.
Residents About the Corner of Larkin
and Greenwich Streets Hear
Strange Noises.
Residents of the section about the juno
tion of Greenwich and Larkin streets
whose windows look out on tbe southwest
corner of the thoroughfares mentioned
ru bbed their eyes when they first took a
peep at the weather yesterday morning
and then looked again to see that they
were not dreaming.
A lot that at dark Monday nieht had
contained a substantial story and a half
dwelling-house was empty. There was
nothing but broken foundations and a few
riles of broken plaster to show where the
structure had stood.
while the matter was being talked of in
the neighborhood five teams of horses
drawing heavy lumber wagons containing
ropes, pulleys and a gang of workmen
drove up and the same look of astonish
ment that had overspread the faces of the
neighbors was apparent on their counte
nances.
They left after contemplating the place
a while and assuring themselves that tbe
lot was the one they had been looking for.
An hour later an excited man drove up in a
buggy, looked at the barren place where the
building had stood, said a few words more
forcible than elegant, made a few inquiries
and then left in disgust.
During these visits the boys of the
neighborhood Btood and looked wise and
innocent, and only exchanged grins when
the visitors were out of sight.
The key of the mysterious disappear
ance of tde dwelling was that it had been
Ftolen piecemeal to the last timber during
the hours between 9 o'clock on Monday
evening and 3 o'clock yesterday morning,
ana many a family in the neighborhood
will revel in free wood and kindling for
months to come.
Tne building belonged to a wealthy
young woman named Miss Loveland, who
lives in Alameda. Some time ago she
was notified by the Board of Health, on
the report of the inspector, that she ruust
improve the. sanitation of the place, the
plumbing not being of the most modern
Kind. Miss Loveland did not wait, as the
owners of Chinatown buildings did, until
the board took the matter in a serious
light, but at once decided that it would be
cheaper to tear down the building, and
the accordingly notified her tenants, a
family named Duffy, to be out by tne Ist
but.
Then the agents were instructed to sell
the building to be removed. Tne firm of
contractors ibat secured the dwelling
began work on Monday, and by night had
taken away a portion of the roof.
The lads about the neighborhood, ever
on the lookout for stray bits of lumber
suitable for firewood, lookjed on with long-
Ing eyes. Tbe men left about 5 o'clocic,
taking with them in wagons the lumber
that had been removed, intending to finish
the demolition the next day, "but they
never saw another stick of the timber that
had been used in the construction of that
house.
Shortly after dark boys with ropes in
their hands and under their coats began
to gather in the neighborhood, and by 9
o'clock a big crowd had gathered. Then,
as if by a prearranged plan, an attack was
made on the place that only ceased when
the last lath and weatherboarding nad
been hidden away for the winter's Bupply
ol kindling.
Many of the neighbors heard the racket
as the boards were torn noisily from tbe
rafters or when the heavy beams fell
with a crash, but experience has taught
them that in that locality it is as well to
say nothing and look wisp, unless your
own property be attacked, and they said
never a word, even when the loud voices
of the boys as they fought over choice
bits of lumber kept them awake until 3
o'clock. The gang that first began opera
tions on the bouse did not number over
twenty to twen:y-five members, but the
news of the raid spread until men and
boys from several blocks distant joined in
tbe loot and the crack of breaking boards
became almost continuous.
Thus it was that w: ; en the contractor's
employes returned yesterday they found
their occupation gone and not even a
lath in sight.
"What the blue-coated guardian of the
reace whose beat covers that neighbor
hood was doing whiie the house was be
ing wrecked and carted away has not as
yet developed, but it is presumed that he
must have had an engagement in some
portion of his domain that destroyed hiß
sense of hearing.
CHOKED UP WITH SAND.
Richmond Folks Complain of
Obstructed Streets and
Cesspools.
Various Matters of Interest Considered
by the Point Lcbos Improve
ment Club
A Jaree attendance was present at last
night's meeting of tbe Point Lobos Im
provement Club, held in Crostbwaite's
Hall, oa Fifth avenue.
The drifting-sand comm tee reported
that Twenty-fourth avenu , between A
and B streets, was utterly choked witb
t-and, in some places to a depth of thirty
five feet. The condition of the avenue
had been reported to the Board of Super
visors, and tbe work of regrading the
ihoroußhfare had been committed by the
board to a contractor named Tuttle. It
was decided that a communication on the
subject ehoiiid be addressed by the club to
the Board of (supervisor*, requesting the
irnnieiiate Jolhllment o? the contract.
Dr. Wolf reported that an electric light
v as vadly needed at tbe intersection of
Fourth and Point Lobos avenues. It was
considered advisable to defer action in the
matter until after tbe commg meeting of
the Board of Supervisors, when the Street
lighting Committee will know whether it
can count w»t» sufficient lunds for the
placing of additional lights.
The secretary was instructed to com
municate with the Supervisors :n relation
v a number of cesspools which h».ve been
tendered usei«BS by reason of their being
• ••uirely choked up with eand. It was also
decided that the Supervisors and Park
Commissioners should be asked to procure
the removal of unused car-tracks on Point
Lobos avenue, west of First.
A communication was ordered sent to
the respective principals protesting
against a practice said to prevail in the
Richmond and Point Lobos schools
whereby children are oblieed to be in
school at 8:45 o'clock In the morning, in
piace of nine, the pupils being marked a
half-day absent in case they arrive at
school later than the first-named hour.
CALLED ON THE POLICE
The Board of Health Has Asked Every
Patrolman to Act as a Health
Inspector,
Having been defeated in its efforts to
procure an appropriation sufficient to em
ploy new inspectors, the Board of Health
has decided to bring into play a regula
tion of the Board of Supervisors which
says that "every regular and special police
officer having a regular beat shall bo an
ex-officio health inspector," and has ad
dressed the Board of Police Commis
siouers the following letter on the subject:
Gentlemen: The Board of Health of this City
desires to express its obligation to your honor
able body and Its thorough appreciation of
the eflicient services rendered by the Police
Department in the matter of securing and in
creasing the public health of this City.
Inasmuch as there are only six regular
health inspectors, a number utterly inade
quate for a city seven miles square, and inas
much as by order 1601 of the Board of Super
visors "every regular and special police officer
having a regular beat shall be ex-ofßeio health
inspector," the board requests your aid aud
co-operation in making a house to house In
spection of every building and structure and
of all premises and portions of this City, with
a view of determining every building, struct
ure, premise or part oi the City which is in an
unsanitary condition, menaces the health or
life of its inhabitants.
Should your honorable body co-operate with
this board we will furnish all necessary Wanks
and instructions for tbe proper aud efficient
accomplishment of a thorough inspection of
tiie City, We are, dear sirs, yours very truly,
The Board of Health of thk Citt and
Covsty of San Fbakcisco. Cal.
IN THE INTEREST OF BOYS
Creditable Work During the
Half Year of the Youths'
Directory.
Eloquent Statement Submitted by
Secretary Kane to Rev. Father
D. 0. Crcwley.
The semi-annual report of the Youths'
Directory for the ■ period commencing
March 1 and ending August 31, 1896, has
been filed with Rev. Father D. 0. Crowley
by Secretary F. J. Kane. Following the
report is a statement issued by Father
Crowley, which shows that the highest
number of boys ever entertained by the
directory during one twelvemonth was
about 525. "But," continues the report,
"already in the current year, with six
months of it yet to run, we have lodged
267 children. Allowing the same number
for the latter half of the year the total
should mount up to 534. Bat in the
winter months we receive a greater num
ber than in the warmer season, and be
tween September 1, 1596, and March 1,
1897, we all probably be obliged to find
beds and food for 300 boys.
"These figures are silent in regard to the
many for whom we have obtained shelter
in other institutions. Our capacity is
limited, and until we can build a larger
home we must stand still. We trust our
need of more room will not long remain
unsupplied."
In detail Secretary Kane's report is as
follows: . -. ....-.- : r .t- - ••
To Ecv. D. 0. Crowley— Rev. and Dear Sjr: I
herewith submit my report for the past six
months:
T be number of boys In Directory March 1,
1896, was 47
We have received boys since then as fol
lows from—
Parents, guardians and relatives 114
Friends of the boys. 37
CUy l'risoa 3*
Society .Prevention of Cruelty to Children.. 8
Society Prevention of Ciuelty to Children,
Oakland, Mrs. Prescott 9
Streets of the ciiy 6
fat. Vincent's Asylum 4
Sisters Holy Family 2
Hospitals 2
Total .. 220
Grand total 267
Disposed of as follows:
St. Vincent's Orphan Asylum 68
Infant orphan Asylum, South San Fran
cisco 88
Parents, guardians and relatives 69
Homes In families 24
Sent to hospitals 3
Left without permission 6
Ke turned to prison (incorrigible) 1
Total 206
Remain! in Director/ Sept. 1, 1896.. 61
Respectfully submitted, F. J. Kane.
The boys of the directory are looking
forward to their festival on September 24.
A MUSICAL EVENING.
Entertainment to Be Given by the Mis
sion Association.
To-morrow evening, at Association Au
ditorium, corner of Mason aud Ellis
.streets, will occur a grand concert, ar
ranged by R. A. Daniels and given under
the auspices of the Mission Association,
2319 Mission street. The occasion will be
the first appearance in this City of Mme.
Hermiue Smith, the Austrian piamsie.
'1 he programme is as follows:
Instrumental trio. Op. 42, allegro, animate
allegro, molto vivace (Niels W. Gade), Mrs.
Sterliiz-Davis (piano), A. Sterlitz (violinist), H.
Bterlltz (cellist); vocal solo, "Daddy" (Ber
nard), Dr. R. W. Smith; piano solo, "Invita
tion to the Dance" (Weber), Margaret Davis:
song. California quartet; cello solo, "Ele
gie Ktimmer," H. Sterlitz; vocal duet, "Eden
land" (H: Dana). Mrs. M. £. GalUhorn and H.
D. Page, C. H. Randall accompanist; violin
solo, Polonaise, D major (Wleniawski),Arniand
Solomon, Professor Rosco Lucy accampanist;
vocal solo, selected, Florence w yman-Gardner;
piano sol», Waltz Caprice (Rubin stein;, Mme.
Herinine Smith ; tenor solo, "O Restless Sea"
(White), Rev. J. George Gibson; piano solo,
"Rhapsodle 10" 'LizO, Mrs. Sterlitz Davis;
recitation, selected. Mrs. Elizabeth Bartlett;
piano solo, Impromptu, Op. 142 (Schubert),
Mnrgiiret Davis; vocal solo, "The Thomas Cat
That Came in Our Back Yard" (Page), H. D.
Page, C. H. Randall accompanist; piano solo,
"Tannhauser," Mme. Herminc Smith.
Admission will be 25 cents. Reserved
seats, 35 and 50 cent?, on sale at Sherman
& Clay's music-store, Kearny and Butter
streets.
•' •'. r" — ■ ♦ — ♦ I
CONTRACTS AWARDED.
J. J. O'Brien Will Build the Hoot of
the New City Hall.
Contractor J. J. O'Brien, whose bid of
$129,788 was the lowest received by the
City Hall Commissioners for the con
struction of the permanent roof of the
municipal building, was given the job at a
meeting of the commission yesterday, the
members being satirfied of bis ability to
fulfill the contract. He underbid his com
petitors fully $40,000.
The contract for furnishing 3000 barrels
of cement for the roof was let to John D.
Spreckels whose tender was $2 15 per bar
rel ior Giliinßham cement.
Condemn Fellow- Craftsmen.
The Sacramento Federated Trades Council
has passed resolutions severely criticizing
State Typographical Union No. 6 for con
demning the management of the State Print
ing Office and the methods of work which ob
tain more. The Closing resolution is as lol
lOW 81
lUtolved, That as a rebuke to State Typograph
ical >.o. 6 for It* action In the passive or thp reso
lutions above referred to this council recommends
to >a.-rt!inento Typographical Union No. 48 that
i: withdraw Its'delegates from s»ld State Typo
graphical Union until Mien time as s»ia btite
v ion shall see fit to disavow the resolutions com
plained of..- ■ ■ *
■ ■' ■ ' ' "—" — •• — — —
) oa.vp on diamonds, interest low. At Uncle
I Herri»'i 16 Oiaut avenue.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
SCOTTISH CLANS
TO FOREGATHER
Frasers and Macdonalds to
Meet at Shell Mound
To-Day.
LASSIES WILL BE THERE
Tartans and Plaids Will Wave
at the Great Concourse of
Caledonians.
MANY PRIZES ARE OFFERED.
Grand Programme of Games— List of
Officers and Committees in
Charge.
Scots in Ban Francisco. Oakland, Ala
meda and, indeed, everywhere in the
vicinity, have been looking forward to
to-day, when the Order of Scottish
ACTIVE OFFICERS OF CLAN ERASER.
Maxwell L. Crowe, Deputy Royal Chief for California; Thomas
Fraser, Past Chief; William Cormack, Secretary.
Clans will celebrate Admission day with
peculiar honors at Shell Mound Park.
Old and young, married and single will
have a fair chance to distinguish, and
enjoy themselves. The programme com
prises an elaborate list of attractive events
from a ■ Highland fling to "tossing the
caber," the full programme . being as
follows: '
Boys' race (handicap), 12 years and under—
First prize, volume Scott's poems: second,
fine knife; third, pair silver cufflinks.
GlrU* race (handicap), 12 years and under
First prize, pair fancy vases; second, box of
assorted colored O. N. T. knitting cotton;
third, album.
Putting heavy shot (entrance fee 50 cents)—
First prize, $6: second, $4; third, $2 50. .*■:
Putting Ugh t shot (entrance fee 50 cents)—
First pr;ze. $5 ; second, $3; third, $2.
Boys' raca (handicap), 10 years and under—
First prize, watch; second, desk: third, Daisy
air-rifle.
Girls' race (handicap), 16 years and under-
First prize, aibum; second, plush Cologne set;
third, box assorted colors Carlson & Currier's
knitting silk.
Bagpipe competition (class First prize,
&13; second. $9; third. s7.
Bagpipe competition (class B), winners in
class A barred— prize, $6; second, 84:
thirl, $2.
Running long jump (entrance fee 50 cents)—
First prize, $5 ; second, $3; third, $2.
Highland fling (for children in costume, '10
to 15 years)— First prize, $3; second, $2; tnird,
Best dressed man in full Highland costume-
First prize, plaid bonnet ami brooch (Fraser
tartan); second, one ton coal (donated by O. C.
it N. Co.; third, one-quarter dozen custom
ihirts.
Best dressed boy in full Highland costume-
First prize, medal; second, medal; third
medal.
Young ladies' race— First prize, solid leather
combination toilet and work set, donated by
Hugn Fraser Sr.; second, handsome album
donated by Chicago Clock Company: third
box assorted colored knitting silk, donated by
Brown & Metzuer.
Highland fling in costume (entrance fee 50
sent--)— First prize, $7; second, $5; third, $3.
Half-mile race (entrance fee 50 cents); time
limit 2\s minutes— prize, $6; secoud. $4:
ihiid, 50. :>: > . V
"Reel o' Tullock," for lads and lassies (10 to
15 years)— prize, $4; second, $3; third,
$2 - ■ ■ -■ .'..-.•
Running high leap (entrance fee 50 cents)—
First prize, $5; second. $3: third, $2.
Married ladies' race— First prize, eight-day
Clock, donated by D. Carbrae;- second, three
pounds Ceylon tea* and a line coffee-pot, do-
Dated by Houston Bros; third, one dozen linen
towels.
Tug-of-war, married vs. single men. eight
men a side— Prize, a case of wine, donated by
Alexander Campbell.
Three-mile amateur bicycle race fby special
permission of and under the rules of the L. A.
\V.)— prize, gold medal; second, silver
medal.
Sword dance in costume (lads and lassies 10
to 15 years of age)— First prize, $4; second, $3;
third, $2.
Race for members' daughters (under 16
years)— prise, silver cake basket, donated
by M. L. Crowe ; second, handsome i vase, do
nated by M. L. Crowe; third, silver spoon, do
nated by R. W. J. Tailor.
Tossing the caber— prize, one ton South
field Wellington coal, value $9 50, donated by
C. R. Allen ; second, fuuey tile stove stand.value
$6, donated toy R. Howden ; third, four ponnds
Melrose tea.
Mile race (10 times round track), entrance
fee 50 cents, timelimits minutes 30 seconds-
First prize, #8 ; second, $0 i third $4.
Throwing heavy hammer, entrance fee 50
cents— First prized $«; second. $4 ; third $ 2 50.
Race ior members of the O. S. C— First prize,
medal, donated by James Douglas; second,
pair of window shades, donated by M. C.
Ferguson; third, sack Port Costa flour and
order for Weekly Examiner by mail for one
year.
Sword dance in costume, entrance fee 50
cents— First prize, $7 ; second, $5; third, $3.
Sack race (once round track, competitors to
start off their backs)— First prize, five pounds
tea- second, one ham; third, sack Bay City
flour and order for \N eekly Call by mail for
one year.
Vaulting with po'.e (entrance fee 50 cents)—
First prize. $5; second, $3; third, $2.
Throwing light hammer (entrance fee 50
cents)— First prize, $5; second, $3; third, $2.
Hurale race (once round track)— First prize,
half ton of O. I. C. genuine Seattle coal; sec
ond, order for groceries, value $2 50; third,
one ham. . _ ■
Race for apprentices of British ships in
port— First prize, $3; second, $2; third, $1.
Old men's race (over 50 yean)— First prize,
five pounds tea; second, one ham; third, or
der lor Weekly Chronicle by mall for one year.
The committee in charge will be as fol
lows:
Joint committee on games— Edw»rd Kerr,
M. L. Crowe, 'liiomas Freser, William Cor
mack, F. F. Kin Jay. Joseph Walker, L>. M. T.
McLennan, R. W. J. Tuifor, I. S. R. Tevendale,
William Rae, James Rattray, John Lang, Alex
ander G. Rhodes. William Dobbie, K% uowden,
H. Harrower, William Chalmers, John Eudie.
Floor committee, pavilion— Floor managers,
James Roger and D. Richardson; committee,
William R. King, John Dykes. Thomas Mc-
Donald, P. M. Laing, C. McCarron, C. S. Biers.
Reception committeeVThomaa T. Macdonald,
Hugh Fraser, James McAllister. R. M. John
stone, Hugh F >rgie, Allan McKinnon, James
Rankin, John M. Duncan, John Lander, Dr.
George Adam, T. A. Johnston, Alexander
Campbell.
Following are tbe officers of Clans Fraser
and Macdonald:
Deputy royal chlel for California, Maxwell
L. Crowe; past deputy royal chiefs, Dr. T. C.
Cn? ton, Hugh Fraser, Thomas T. Muedonald.
Officers of Clan i'r&ser No. 78, San I'rancisco:
i Chief. Edward Kerr: past chiet, Thomas
Fraser; i>lah:m, David Carbrae; chaplain, John
Dykes; secretary, \Viiliam Cormack; financial
secretary, F. F. Finlay; treasurer, John W.
King; senior henchman, D. M. T. McLennan;
junior henchman, William R. King; seneschal,
James Roger; warder, William Ree; sentiuel,
James O. Fraser; standard-bearer, William Mc-
Kenzie; physician, Dr. J. A. J. McDonald;
piper, I. S. R. Tevendale; trustees, Alexander
Campbell, William Fairgrleve, James Drever.
Oflßcers oi Clan Macdonald No. 79, Oakland-
Chief, James Rattrav; past chief, P. G. Mcln
tyrr; tanist, James Knnkin; Chaplain. Hugh
Forgie; secretary, Alex G. Rhodes; finnncial
secretary, John Eadie; treasurer, William Dob
bit'; senior henchman, David Richardson;
junior henchman, W. Hunter; senenchal, Ed
ward Johnston ; warder, John Rankin; senti
nel, R. Johnson; standard-bearer, H. Har
rower; physician, Dr. E. M. I'aterson; pipers,
I. E. Hill, Alex Hill; irustees. W. P. Anderson,
A. H. McDonald, James Rankin.
SWELLOCTOBER WEDDING
Arrangements Completed for the
Catherwood-Grinnell
Nuptials.
A Morning Ctremony to Be Celebrated
at tbe Hastings Homestead,
Madrone Villa.
All arrangements have been completed for
the nuptials of Miss Jennie Catherwood and
Dr. Grinnell, which will be celebrated on the
14th of October at the Hastings place, Ma
drone Villa, Napa County. It is to be a morn
ing wedding. Ibe hour §et for the ceremony
is 10 a. M. Miss Catherwood has chosen for
her bridesmaids Miss Young, Miss Zane, Miss
Loughborough, Miss Rutherford, Miss Bee
Hooper and Miss Helen Smith. Miss Ada
Keyi is to be the maid of honor.
William Milm Grinnell, brother of the groom,
is to be best man and George Lougborougn,
Harry Pringle. Caliaghan Byrne. Waiter Dean,
Jack Barnes and Seranus Hastings the ushers.
Little Ethel Hastings and Master Hoyt Hast
ings will be the tralnbearers.
About 200 invitations will be issued for the
wedding, which will be a blue and white one.
The gowns of the young lady attendants and
the decoration* are to be an artistic mingling
of the two colors.
Madrone Villa is an ideal spot for a wedding
The apartments are large and commodious
and the grounds where it is proposed to serve
the wedding breakfast extremely beautiful.
Mr. and Mrs. J< hn H. Jewttt of 913 Bush
Street gave a dinnerparty last Wednesday
evening in honor of Frank Lincoln, the
humorist. The other quests were: Dr. George
Ctnsniore, William Greir Harrison, Mr. and
Mm. ttounsevclie Wildman, Ant&ony Hellman
and George T. Bromiuy.
Mr. and -Mrs. H. Baxe entertained a party of
friuurU to dinner at the Marechal Niel Hotel
last Thursday evening In celebration of the
flith anniversary of their wedding. Among
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. H. S. Kohn,
James £. Winslow, H. K. Wilson,w ilson, Mrs. E. J.
Bray, Edna Winants, Gladys O'Brien, S. Fisrel
and E. T. Fipel. After dinner the party ad
journed to the theater and finished the night's
entertainment by a supper at the Maison
Riche.
Oakland and Alameda are to have more
than their share of fashionable fall weddings.
The following are but a few of the many ar
ranged for the near future:
The marriage of William H. Waste to Miss
May Ewing will be celebrated September 16 in
Oakland.
Henry G. Bramman and Miss Amelia A.
Hammersmith will be wedded shortly in
Alameda.
The wedding of Patrick A. Kearney and Miss
Margaret Xieid is set for September 9, in
Alameda.
Georee A. Mantel and Miss Grace G. Smith
were married in Alameda September 15.
The Requa-Long nuptials are set for October
7 at St Paul's Chnrch.
WILL WILLIAMS TALK?
The Ex-Inspector Is Said to Ec
Ready to Tell What He
Knows.
Former Attorneys Dismissed and the
Case Placed in tbe Hands of
G2orge Collins.
Dick Williams, convicted six days ago
on two counts of extortion, is chafing
under the confinement to which he is now
subjected at the County Jail. In fact, the
ex-inspector seema to be on the eve of
tellins all that he knows, though jast how
far this reaches can as yet only be sur
mised.
The first step taken in this direction
was the discharge on Monday last
of his attorneys, Mowry and Coogan.
He told the^e gentlemen that their ser
vices were no loncer required, for the pre
sumed reason that they had failed to se
cure an acquittal or even a mistrial. Oa
the other hand the statement is made
that Mo wry and Coogan were employed
by outside parties to defend Williams and
tii&t since the conviction of the latter
these unknown friends refupa to put up
any more coin in the shape oi attorneys'
fees.
It matters little, however, which state
ment be correct, for the fact still remains
that Mowry and Cooran nave been re
placed by Attorney George D. Collins.
This iast named gentleman, it may be re
marked, uus all aiontj been Williams' at
torney in the divorce proceedings recently
instituted by his wife.
"I have only one criticism to make,"
said Collins yesterday, "and that concerns
the rulings of the Judge, of course I will
take an appeal, and in time secure an ac
quittal for my client.
"William*, so far as I know, has no con
fession to make, at least he will never
make one with my consent. If he thinks,
however, it is to his interest to make any
concession to the Government he will do
so on his own responsibility. He might
and probably does know a great deal, but
so lar as I can I c that has nothing to do
with his case. Wnat de expects to accom
plish by bringing others into the affair I
do not at pre-ent see."
Mrs. Williams has also thought it pru
dent to make a change in legal advisers.
Attorney Lawrence has been put out. in
the cold ami Attorneys Dunn and MuPike
will represent th» ex-insuector'B wife in
the divorce proceedings, which come up
for final hearing next Thursday.
There are now, it is computed, over 250.
-000 words in the English language, or
about 70.000 more than in the German,
French, Spanish ana Italian languages
combined.
NEW TO-DAY.
to V* *■
"If it had not been for this one error I
should be a sound, healthy man to-day,
instead of a wreck, physically and men-
tally." This three months ago from a
man who writes: "My troubles are over.
I am a better man to-day than I ever was,
and I owe it all to your wonderful Belt."
Is there such an "if" in your experience?
Does it mar your life? Do you want it
removed?
This is the ape of progress. A means
has been found for the restoration of
manly vieor. It is
Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt.
" Never failing in its invigorating powers,
it has made thousands of vigorous men
out of as many weak, despondent crea-
tures. It will cure you if you are weak.
"Three Classes of Men"
Is a very valuable treatise on tne restora-
tion of manhood. If you are weak, get
it at once. It is free on application, and
will point out a coarse by which you can
become a healthy and happy man.
Found a Cure.
DR. A. T. RANIiEK— Sir: When 1 re-
ceived your Belt No. 5 on May <>. 1895, I was
in a broken-down condition, tutu physically
and mentally; had no ambition for anything;
could not Bleep well, bad a very poor appetite,
and was always thinking' about my trouble.
After I had worn your belt a month I Was
much . improved, and 1 gradually became
stronger every day, and to-day I am a better
man man I have ever been, and I would ad-
vise every sufferer from similar weak -ess t»
jecure a Dr. Sanden'a Electric Belt. It will
cure without fail. ■ -.:
Yours truly, GUST JOHNSON,
613 Mission St., San Francisco, Cal.
Don't put it off. Act to-day. In a
matter of this kind which affects not only
yourself, but your lriends. your future
and your posterity, you should act at
once Call and consult with an able phy-
sician of thirty- live years' practice, i His
advice will be worth much to you. Con-
sultation and examination free. If you
ca nnot call send for the book "Three
C lasses of Men." It may mean a brighter
and better future for you. It is sent free,
closely sealed, upon application.. Call or
address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
• 630 Market Street, San FraaoUou,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Otiica hours; 3 a. m. H
8:30 M.. Sundays, 10 to 1.
" Consultation Free and Invited.'
OFFICES AT: .
1/38 ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OIL,
204 borne broadw»y. | 25 & Wadiiiagioa »tro3i
__ _' IVITW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
CITYOFf§§PAI!IS!
Household Goods!
FREXCH CASHMERE FLAMELS, new importations. ... . sOc per Yard
22x45 DAMASK TOWELS, knotted fringe. ............. 25c Each
26x26 DAMASK !4f1155, fine quality and new designs. . S3 — per Doz.
mm BLEACHED SATIX DAMASK, to match. ysl 22 per Yard
104 WHITE BLAXKETS, strictly all wool. S4 - per Pair
114 WHITE BLMKETS, all wool $5
124 WHITE BLANKETS, all wool $6 -1°
A large collection of Novelties in Hemstitched Towels, Napkins, Table
' Cloths, Tray Cloths, etc., at - — - - VERY REASONABLE PRICES
SB ECABZjA BSFAXOU.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLiE IDES PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
HEALD'S
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.. HAN
Francisco— Bookkeeping, penmanship, busi-
ness practice, shorthand (Pitman), typewriting,
telegraphy, modern languages, English branches
aid everything pertaining to a business education
rapidly "taught. Department of Electrical Kn-
giiii-crlng In operation. Individual instruction. 20
teachers. Night sessional Students can commence
at any time. Thousands Of graduates in positions.
Write for catalogue.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL,
99Q7 SACRAMENTO ST.— BOARD, EN3-
£j-tO I lish. perfect mastery of French and Ger-
man, thorough musical training, dancing; f3O per
month; new term July 37; coach.
MISS ELIZABETH MOORE'S
T7IRENCH AND ENGLISH SCHOOL RE-
X moved from 515 Haight at. to 230 Halght;
limited number of boarders received; pupils pre-
pared for college; term opens August 3.
#ARNYS\
IS THE VERY BEST INK TO EXAMINE
your »-yej and n't them to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of u-y work.
■ Office Hour3— ia to 4 r. ic ■
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLES H. PHILLIPS, " ATTORSEY-AT-
V law and Notary Public, Hii M&rlcet su, opp*
kite Palace Hotel. Telephone a 70, .tteaictaug* 1444 ■
AeUsc 'Xelopnoaai »Pta»" XML,
RAILROAD TRAVBIJ '_^
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN
SEPT. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
And Every Fifth D»v Thereafter,
Leave from s. p. Co 's Ferrr Landing, loot o!
Market .-[., at 8:00 P. M.
CD?PIAI ) 0111 Including Berth,
Or U Ifil ' Ol U ' Tourist Sleener.
nn-rro ( Am FlMt - cl »B*. including
RATES > $19 fl " b r; P B ner ard
For fur her Informa ion apply at 613 Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), 8. F.
RICHARD BRAY, T. H. UOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass Agt.
FRANCISCO & NORTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; 19:81
8:30, 5:10. 6:80 P. M Thursdays-Kxtra trlf
at 11:80 p. v. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:3*
and 11:80 p. h.
BONDAYB-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 A. M.; 1:30, 3:Sft
MO, 0:'2O p. v.
San Kafaol to Sun Francl<en.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. h..
12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p. H. Batuidayt-Bxi«Bsi
at 1 :55 p. it. and 0:35 p. m. *" ,
SUNDAYS- 7:35, 9:do, 11:10 a. x.; 1:40, 3:44 '
' 5:00, 8:25 P. it.
Between Ban t'nnclsco and Scbuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
JLeave . _--..» I Arrive
— c Fcanclsca ]" p^' San Frl'nclaoa
W«KK I SUN- lit^UnttlarJ Bnv- I W«Hf"
Days. F DAYa. "»»»natloiw, DAYS . | p AY a,
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 ax
8:30 m 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10:10 am
6:10 pm 5:00 PM | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
j Fulton, ! '
7tBoAlf Windsor, 10:10 a*
lHealdsbur<,
IGeyeerville,
8:80 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 6:18
' Pieta, | ~" — — ]
7 :30 am Hopland A 10:10 am
»:30fM| 7:30 am Uklah. 7:80 PM 6:15 p«
7:30 am ■■■■.'■■ 10:10 am
7:30 am GuernevUle, 7:80 pm
3:30 PM . __J - 6;15 pm
7:80 am j 7:30 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 am
. I and - 1
6:10 pm I 5:00 PM Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am|7:Bo am| s-bMtono. 110:40 am! 10:10 AM
8:30 pm [s :oo PM I rewtopol. | « :06m| ■ 8:16 PM
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West I
Bprings; at Geyservllle for HkagK* Springs; m
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hlguland
Bprings, Kclseyville, Soda Bay and i^lceport; at
UopUnd for Lakeport and Bart.eu Springs; at
Ukiah. for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bin*
Lakes, Laurel Cell Lake. Upper LaKe, Porno Pettef
Valley, Jonn Day's, P.lverside. Llerley's, ' Buck-
aell's. Sanhetlrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville,
Oreenwood, Git's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, '■
fen Bragg, WMtport, Usal, Willets, Cahto, Ca- !
««10, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-irip tickets at red used
•We*.. ......_■.. ._.,._ . ._ _
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all nolnta be>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
; Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle TrandUn*.
H. a WHITING. X . RY A3.
, Pen. Manager. Gen. Pass. AgenW '
BILL VALLEY ASD MOUNT TA.IIALPAIS
MM RAILWAY.
ON AXD AFTER THUKdD AY. AUGUST 27,
train will conneot with North Pacific Coast
Railroad as follows: Week Days leave San Fran-
cisco 11:45 a. m. ; returning arrive in Kin Fran-
cisco 8:3 ) p.m. Sunday: Leave Ban Frarjclsco 9
a. M- and 1:30 p. m. ; n>iurninor arrive In San Fran-
cisco 8:30 and 6:30 r. m. Tickets can be secured
In advance of •
T noa. COOK <& BOA", 621 Market su
RAILROAD TRAVKI.J ■
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC BVKTJCM.)
Train* leave mi«l mi- flue to arrive at
■ ' SAN FUANCIHIO.
leave ■ — FnoM September 3, 1806. ■ — Aniavi
•6:OOa Niks, Ban jcso and Way Stations. . . 8:45 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Mast.. B:i3p
7:00 a. Benicia. Vacavilie, Rumsey. Sacra-
mento, Orovilla and Redding via
Davis 6: 15 p
7:00 a. Mirtincz, Ran Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa liona , 6:13r
8:30 a. Niks, .Sail Jose, (Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysvillo and Red
Bind 4ilsi»
•8:30 a. Peters and Milton »7:13p
D:(i<» a Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
* ISarbara and 1.0.i Angeles 4:45p
9:00.v Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:00\ Vallejo.. 6:15p
l:OOpNiks, San Jose and Livermore 8:13 a
•J:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «!>:OOp
1 :3 Op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:43p
4:00p Martiuez, Ban Ramon, Vallojo,
Kapa, Oalistoga, L'l Yerano and
Santa Rosa 9>l9a
4««0p Benicia, Vocaville, Esparto, Wood-
land, Knights Landing. Marys-
yillc, Oroviilo and Kacranien to 10545 a
4:3*pNilo», San Jose, Liveimore and
, . Stockton 7t15»
! 4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yof.emitc) and Fresno 1 1:4&&
5:60p Kew Orleans JJxi>r(!E3,l'rpsiio,l>akcr3-
-fictd, Santa Oavb:u;i, ] .os Angeles,
Dcmins, El I'aso, New Orleans and
East.... 10i13a
5:00p Snn'.a l'\> Route, Atlautio Express
for Mojave aud East 10:15 a
B:OOpVcUejo 11:43 a
6:0Ol> European Mail, Ogilen and East.... 0:43 a
6:00 Hay Nilcaund ban Jose 7:1.% a
J7:«OpVallejo t~:43p
7:0 Op Oregon J'^xpress, Sacramento, Marvs-
villt), Redding, Portland, J/iigct
Sound and Kaat 1O:4Ba
SANTA <!IU)/ I>lVl>U>.N (Narrow Onnjrej.
17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, fanta Cruz
and TrincipinVay Stations JSiOSr
8:13 a Ne'.varli.Ceiitei'vilNvSiin.Jose.Felton,
- Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations SißOp
*a:l3r Ken-ark, Centervlllc, San Jose, New
Alniaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 1 :2Oa
4;15i» Newark. San .Toga ar.dl.os 0at05.... 0:30.^
COAST IU VISION ( lliir.l «V loiuiMinl Ms.)
*6:45 a Sail Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 0:47 a
{7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose. ■'*■>'
Hicta Cruz, Pacific Grove, and
Principal Way Stations JB:33r
S:lsa Han Jose, Xros Pinos, Kutita Cruz,
Pacific Crove, Paso IloWes, Saa
Luis Oliisiio, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7i0.1p
J9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations fls3op
IO:4Oa San Jose mid Wiiy Stations .V.OOp
11:20 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:UOp
•a-.aorban Mateo, Menlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz,
Salinas.Moutei and Pacilicl.'rove *1O:4Oa
*3:30p San Jose, Pacific Grova and Way
Stations *l:30p
•4:30p San Jose and Way Stations *S:OOa.
5:30p Sau .Tosaan.l Principal Way Stations *8:48 a
0;:>0i> San Jose aud Way Stations... O::t3A
<11:45p San Joso and Way Stations -t?:43p
san litasrmu ami haywaki>*> LIHIAL.
i'6:00A") ( 7:15 a
8:0<»a . t!>:43A
10*§St MelroBe,Seml arrPmrk, WAIk
*"!oop FlttUburs,SanLeaiidro **££
U:00r " d • 4543p
sloop Harnards. 6:13p
3:30p ■ lUjTiarai. • 7»45p
7:'» Op , B:4Sp
O:OOp ♦ Runs throujb to Nilea. !O:."3Oi-
ttll:s3pj ' From Nileg - img:oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Pron SAB msCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. $1:03 *2:30 t3:CQ
•4:00 *5:00 *6:00r.M.
Prom OAKLAND— Foot of Broadwij.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. tl2:00 *1:00 tS:OO *3:00 $4:00
'5:00 p.m. . ' ■ ■ ,
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sunday* only.
Atlantic
BAILROAO
Trains leave anj arrive ci BKfij^RJSSSSSSW
Market-Street Ferry. r fcl^fcilsiSwa
SANTA FB .-EXPRESS, W&M
To Chicago via A. & >'■ VjS&3tf&iy£sJ
Leaves every day at 5 p. M., cur:', lug Pullman
Palace Drawing-room s,eej t-rs, also Modern L p.
bolstered Tourist Sleeping-cars, with clean linen
and bedding and in charge of a porter, run daily
through io Chicago via Kansas City. Annex can
for Denver and 8l Louis.
Persona ly conducted Boston Kxcarslons via
Kansas Ci.y, Chicago, Montreal and the White
Jdou.ti<irm leave every Wednesday.
The best railway from California to tbe East.
Sew rails, pew ties: no dust: Irrerestlnß scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building* Telephone.
1531. Oakland. 1118 Broadway.
SORT!! PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sangallto Ferry),
From San Francisco, i ofttfiG n in* June 15, 1893.
• ■ • WKBXDAV&
For Mill \ alley and San Rafael — 7:00, *8?00
•9:1& 10:15, 11:45. A. M.; »1:46, 3»O. 4:15,
6:15. *->:OU. 85 p.m. -; , Z j*. *
Extra trips ior San Kaf»<>l on Mondays, W»lnea-
aay» and Saturdays at 11:30 t. m. '
BUNDATtL '
For Mill Valley aud San Rafael— •B:oo, *9-00.
•10:00.11 :3 a a. sc.; *»a-J:3J. *1 :SO, •a:l5, •* 00.
5:30, 6:46, » -.30 r. x. u.r^ trip to SAuaalltoat
• 11 MO a. M. . ,
Trains marked * run to San Quentln. »*12:30
p.m. does n:u run to M'H Valley,
THROUGH TRAINS.
Tor Point Keyes ana way s(.»;lon»— 9 a. m.
finndavs. . . • ■
For Point R«yes. Oazadero and way »t»iiona—
8 .-00 a. K. Sunttays; 1:16 p. v. weekdays.
yVSS^S^!'*^ , Bi *,? 3 iß » a -poisonous
*f^MP l> '^^i remedy lor Uonorrhoja,
JvJJP' CLKKh^BJ Gleet, Spermatorrhoea
■ JlflViß 1 too.Uji. ■Whites,. unnatural dig-
Jwff Oa&rinieed \& charges, or any inflanima-
HSUJ not ii> stricture. tion, irritation or ulcera-
J^J PreTenu contigion. tion of mucous mem-
fV»%THEEvANS GhEMIPH.Co. Cranes. Non-agtringen'.
VaAciNCimTi.o.Hß I Sold by !* r «>SrßistC,
V}£**v C 8 a. jSeii ? r Bent in plain wnpper,
hT express, prepaid, for
'^^gss^'y & M >f T 3 toni^ 1c3.7l c3.7\ r
*^S«S3»^V ■ Circular sens or. *■ .t^gt.
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
iI'MMAKI OF THE MAAiKJiXS.
3terllng Exchange lower.
Coffee dull.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat steady. Freights firm.
Oats firm. Barley weak.
Corn neglected and lower.
No change In Rye.
Corn products cheaper.
Flour unchanged.
Beans ami Seeds as before.
Hay and Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes lower. On ons weak.
Vege ables cheap and plentiful.
Butter scarce and firm.
Ranch Eggs Improving.
Cheese steady. -'-"jV '
More Eastern Poultry arrived.
All Fresh Fruit quint.
Citrus Fruits dull.
Dried A pr.cots and Peaches firm.
Primes nominal.
Provisions firm and active.
Hides and Leather quiet.
Wool still dull here.
Hops in a bad way.
Hogs lower. Other meats unchanged.
Increased exports of Produce.
To-day a holiday.
PRODUCE EXPORTS.
Exports of produce and merchandise from this
port during the first eight months of 1896 were
$21.845.00 J. against $18,628,500 for the same
periol In 1895. New York took $1,791,400. Great
Britain $6,641,200, Hawaiian Islands $2,248,300,
China $l.« 82,700. Japan $1,452,000, Australia
$2,679,200 and Central America, $2,264,600.
TO-UAY A HOLIDAY.
i To-day being Admission day and a legal holiday
business will be suspended throughout the City. -
rip-nntrmn.
Tbe arrow flies with '.lie wind. The top figure*
»* station indicate maximum temprTarnr" for the !
days; tho<ie underneath it. If any. tic amount of . |
rainfall, of melted scow In inches and hundredth*, I
during tbe past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
tines, connect poln s o" equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means hlzh barometric pressure and j
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low" ]
refer* to low pressure, and is usually preceded I
and accorr.p by c'.ondy weather and rrun<- ]
"Lows" vs ■. ally first appear on the WasMnctoo |
coast. Wh.-n the press ire is high In the Interior
»nd low along the coas', and the Isobars extend
north and south along th* coau. rain is probable;
but when the "l'.w" is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb
able. Wlih a "high" in ;he vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, wartnei
weather may l«? expected in summer and colder
weather In winter. The reverse of these condition* :
■till produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricui/
tube. Weatheb Bureau, San Fbakcisco, Sept.
8, 1896, sp. m. Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eurrka 64, Red Bluff 90, San Francisco 62,
Fresno 96, San Luis <>bispo72. Los Angeles; 86,
San Diego 78, Yuma 98
San 1-rancisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 54, mean 58.
The pressure has fallen slightly over California
during the past twenty-four hours and will rise
rapidly during the next twenty-four hours. An
ana of hiiri pressure overlies Montana and is
moving southward rapidly in the wake of the low
area. 1 his will cause a decided fall In tempera
ture over Utah, Nevada, Arizona «nd California.
The recast of las', night for decidedly colder
weather 1 us already been verified: the tempera
ture has fallen from 14 deg. to 20 deg. throughout
Ctah and Nevada.
Rain has :allen in Arizona and Southern Califor
nia, and the indications are that colder, showery
weather will continue in these districts for the
next twenty-four hours.
Forecast made at San Francisco lor thirty hours
ending midnight. September?, 1896:
Nt hern California — Cloudy: colder weather
Wednesday ivl.h conditions favorable for showers;
fresh northerly winds.
sou hern California — Cloudy and somewhat
threatening Wednesday: decidedly colder Wednei
day morning and colder Wednesday nleht in
southwest portion: westerly winds, changing to
northerly.
Nevada — Cloudy and threatening weather
Wednesday: decidedly colder in western portion.
Utah — Cloudy Wednesday morning: fair
Wednesday ; warmer Wednesday aud Wednesday
night. . i
Arizona— Wednesday: probably showers
Wednesday morning; colder early. Wednesday
morn'.ng.
San Francisco and — Conditions favor
able fur showers: colder; light southerly winds,
changing to northwesterly.
A. O. Me A die, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V., Sept a— Speculation at
the Stock Exchange dnrlng the early trading was
weak in tone, and in the first half hour or so of
business prices declined anywhere from 14 to 2tsfe
per cent. Manhattan was freely sold. The street
was flooded with rumors that the directors at the
meet to be held later in the day would reduce
tbe dividend because of the poor earnings for the
las quarter. Manhattan's weakness affected tbe
entire list, but the losses were generally confined
to the fractions. Around midday the official an
nouncement was made that tbe directors of the
"Manhattan had declared tbe regular dividend of
1% per cent payable Ociober 1.
The Western Union executive . committee has
also recommended the payment of the regular
quarterly dividend. Another fa able develop
ment was the statement of the Si. Paul road for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1896. This report
showed a surplus of $2,618,202 against a deficit of
4302,735 In 18.->5. The directors are to meet late
In the week and act on tliu dividend, and the offi
cials of the American Sugar Refining Company
will also convene for the same purpose within a
day or two.
The developments referred to started up busi
ness In a lively fashion In the last hour of busi
ness, and prices bounded up rapid The ad
vance which followed ranged from % to 2% per
cent.
speculation closed strong with prices at or near
the top figures of the day. Net changes show ad
vances of % to 1% per cent on the day. Total
miles were 191,025 shares. Including 36,100 St.
Paul, 14,900 Susar and 20,400 Manhattan.
-Bonds are dull and strong, .-ales footed up
$926,000. Richmond and Allegheny second con
sol fours rose 3 to 83: Hocking Valley fives, 2V4
to 84; Mobile and Ohio fours, 2 to 64: St Louis
Southwestern firsts, 23,4 to 6834.
In Government bonds $10,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116 and $500 do of 1907 at 107%.
Grain.
FI.orR-Qulet, steady ; wlnterwheat, low grades,
$1 70@S2 50: fair to fancy. $2 40@3 40; do
patents, $3 45©3?5: Minnesota clear. $2 303
2 70; do patents, $3>15@43 > 15@4 05; low extras, $170@
RYE FLOUR— Steady, $2 25@2 75.
E AL-Quiet; ye low Western. $1 95(32.
RYE-Pull: Western, 40c, fob. ®
BARLEY— Quiet; 48 pounds 31% cf. o. tx
WHEAT— Firm: No. 2 red f. o. b. 665/, - un
graded red, D6ffi67c; No. 1 Northern, 657/ B eT •
Options opened weak and declined %@%c on
Increase In stock and visible supply. Foreign
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WHEBLOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfX St., TeL Main 1854.
BRANCH OFFICE
■38 Market Bt., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. I'IIUIV, Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
. Utlona. Reference Ist National Bank, 8. F.
saicAOo. VUVAXJS wi&jc tittW loaXt
houses bougbt on the decline and prices advanced
%@lcwlth some local covering and prices un
changed to Vs c up at the close. December and
SeptemDer most act ye: May, .685fec; September,
63% c; October, 68V 4 c: December. 65y 8 c
CORN— Easier; No. 2, 25V*c elevutor; 26V4C
afloat.
Options dull and weak at Vi© /»c decline on
weak West; December and October most active;
September. 25V4C; October, 25% c; December.
27y 8 c: Mar, 288/ B e. v *
OaTS— Quiet. -
Options easier: September, 18 /ic; October, 19c;
December, 20c
Spot prices: No. 2. 18% c; No. 2 white, 28c:
No. 2 Chicago, 19% c; .>o 3, 17c; No. 3 white,
20c; mixed Western. 18@20%c; white State
and Western, 20@29c.
i'roTiilont.
LARD— Western, $3 60: city,sSSO: Sep
tember. $360: refined, slow; continent. 84: bontn
American. 94 85: compound, «%@4c.
FORK-Hirady; new mess, $7 60(S8 25.
BUTTER— FairIy active; W estern dairy. h@l2c;
do creamery, 11%@16%c: do factory, 7^(g,llVic:
Elgins, 16%; ltnuuiion creamery, 10i<l1 2 !'-><■.
CHKE.SK- Firmer: State, large, 6%@8%c; do
small, 6@Bi/4C; parisklius, 2@sc; full skims. l%c.
JiOOS- 1-lrm; Western, Iran, 15©16 c; do %l
case, $1 5U@4.
TALLOW— SIow; city, 3Vs@3Vic: country, BV4
@3s/gc.
COITONSEED OIL— Dull; crude, 19@2Cc; yel
low prime, 23c.
PETKOLE M— Steady; refined, $6 80; Phila
delphia, $7 60.
RICE— Mrm: domestic, 3ii@sV 4 c; Japan,
*V4C
JuOLASSES— Firm: New Orleans, 27®37c.
COFFEE— Opened quiet, unchanged to 10
points down; September. $3 2029 -5: October.
*8 So@<s 86: December, $s 65@870; March, $8 60
&8 65; May, $3 65(2.8 70; June, $8 65. spot mo,
dull, weak: No. 7. loVic.
SUGAK— Moderately active, steady; Mold A,
6c; standard A. 4*4 c; confectioners' a, 46/gc; cut
loaf, 6iVsc- crushed. 6S/ c: powdered, sc; granu
lated, /4 c; cubes, 6c
Fruit and Prod ace.
APRICOTS— New. Bags, B@loc
PEACHES— OId, peeled, l'J@l4c: nnpeeled, 6
@Be.
PRUNES— Four sizes, 4» / i«£sc.
RAIBINB— 1 wo-crown, loose Muscatels. B*4®
4c: do three-crown. )i.4< : do tour-crowu. 6V»
@6c; do London layers, * 1(0,1 15; do clusters, $1 2j
ig,l 46.
HoP»-Qulet. Pacific Coast, 3&6% c
WOOL -steady. Domestic lleece, 13@23c;
pulled, 18(*31c; Texas, 7(fliloc.
AlerchaudUe.
no IRON— American. »10 25@12 60.
tOPPEP-Steady: lake. $10 65@1086.
I.EAJl— Firm: uomestlc, -ii 76.
aiN-Qyiet; straits. »13 3O@IJ 35: plates quiet.
tit-Easy, dmiMu $3 6o@i 60
lliltAut) .UAxiliEri. ,
CHICAGO, 111.. Sept. a— After the two days'
recess the wheat market resumed this morning
with weakness prominent and business dull. All
the usual Monday's figures on stocks and supplies
were posted before the opening and the conclu
sions deduced from them were antagonistic to im
provement in pr:ce. The amount on ocean pass
age showed an increase of 2,480,000 bushels, the !
world's shipments were of heavy proportions,
7,408,000 bushels, and the visibe supply Increased i
9-7.000 bushels. Receipts In the Northwest were j
larce at 2512 can for three days against 1741 !
last week.
Chicago received 462 cars and Inspected out !
427, bushels. Lioeral clearances at New York
temporarily steadied p Ices, but their influence!
was not enduring. Liverpool cables were un- j
: changed 1 otal seaboard clearances for •wo days •
amounted to 525. 00 bushels, closing Paris cai.les :
were ncha iped to 20 centimes higher for flour
and unchanged to 15 centimes higher for wheat.
Ihe Enclish visible supp y increased 650,000
bushels. Toward the close on covering by shor.s i
and buying acin.^t puts the market recovered
somewhat from its earlier weakness December i
opened from 57% to 67S/ B e. sold between s"Vb@
67 1 4 and 58c, closing at die outs de a shade over '
i s-aiurday. Estimated receip a for to-morrow, 360 :
: cars.
j CORN — Offered no resistance to the weakness
! conveyed by sympathy with wheat, Scarcely any
interest attached to the operations in the pits,
; which were for :he most part locil and seal pint;, j
! Receipts were 1119 car-., anJ 1.146,183 bushels !
i were taken from si. re. Export clearances I
j amounted to 294,256 bushels. Prices recovered j
I parnallv when wheat advanced late in the session. !
May corn opened at 24c, declined to 23% c, Closing
at "-'B%c, Vie under Saturday.
OA ■».-«— drifted in the same channel as wheat j
and corn, trading at times, however, being fairly
1 active In a local way. Receipts were 709 cars and '
! 2200 bushels were taken from store. The visible ,
! supply increased 6j9.000 bushel*. At he close 1
I iheie- was some Independent strength, prices rest- i
I ing with again. May oats c.o-ieU ~yts(sV4C higher !
; than Saturday.
FLAX— Weak. Cash, 63V4<1>64; September, j
6?%c: December sold from 66*40 to 16c, recover- '
ing to 66V4C. Receipts 3 3 cars.
PROVI&I N. — 1011. The tone of the market
was fairly steady, that being the feeling existing .
In be bog market A firmer tone, in sympathy ,
with the rally In wheat, appeared late in the
session. January pork < losed 5c higher than Sat
urday, January lard a shade higher and January {
ribs a shade lower.
BUTTER— Eisy and unchanged.
Creameries— Extras, 15c $ Ib: firsts, 13@14c; ■
seconds, ll@13c; Imitation*, fancy, 12igi:<c. ;
Dairies— Extras, 14c: firsts, ll@l-'c: seconds, 10c. '
Ladles— Extras, 9%@10c; firsts, B©B%c; packing i
stock, 766? VjC: grease, 4(g.6c.
EGiiS— Firmer. Fresh ock, 12@12%c $ dozen. I
AiONEY— Was firm at btg.7% on call and 7% on j
time loans. &«w York exchange sold at »1 10 dis- j
count.
Closing rrlr»»«.
I 'AT— September. &6Ve®S6V4C; December,
68c: May, 623/ B e. •
LORN — September. 19Vb@19 8 4c; December,
20y B @2lc; May, 23% c.
OA'l'b— September. 15c: May. 18%@18v2C
.FORK— September. $5 65: January, $6 60.
i.AKI>— SeptemDer, *3 17%; January, i 3 57%.
i.i.t.6— beptemoer. $312%: January. S3 sa
LlTeato«k.
UNION STOCKYARDS,. 111.. September B.—
CAlTLK— Receipts. 8000. Fancy beeves. $505
@5 20: choice to crime. 1300 to 1700 &> steers,
$4 70(35 00: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600 tb.
(4 40@i 66; medium steers, 1000 to 1300 lb, $4 10
@4 36: fair beef steers. 860 to 1300 lbs,
$3 75 @ 4 00: butcher steers, $3 20 @ 8 70;
! choice stockers and feeders, '900 to 1250 Ib, *3 40
' (£3 76: fair do. 600 to 876 &>, $2 40<$3 40; bolls,
i choice to extra, $2 80(^3 25; bulls, poor to cnolce,
! 5190@2 75: cows ana n*lfer«. choice to extra, $3 &0
(a3 75; cows, fair to choice, $2 25@3 40; rows,
common to falrcanners. $1 55@2 20; calves, good
to choice. $6 26@5 75: calves, common to good,
$8 25@5 00: Texas grass steers. $2 50@5 15;
Texas cows and bulls, $1 7692 60: Western can
ning steers, $2 65(54; Western range cows ana heif
ers. $2 50@3 50 . milkers and springers, % head,
$'20&4O: Western range steers, $2 80@3 80.
BOOS— Firm. Receipts. 13.000. heavy packlns
■ ana fhlpplni; lots. $2 70(<S3 "j5: common to choice
i mixed. $2 8 5 ft. 3 35: choice assorted, $0 35@
I 3 46: IlKhu $3 1.*.(0>3 46: pigs. $2«3 26.
.- iitti'- Ensy. Receipts. 13,000. lnferioc to
choice, ,2ie.a 2&. lambs, *2 50w4 25.
Mt-V* loitu STOCKS,
Bonds, ExchariffP, Money and Railroad
Sliar«M.
Money on call is quiet at 5(37jk: last loan
at 6% and closing offered at 6%. Prime mercantile
paper, 9%. l.ar niver, 1 6Vtc Mexican dollars, 61Vi
©5iy 2 c: Sterling Exchange Is quiet, with
actnal business in bankers' bills at $4 82%@4 82 / 4
for s xty days, and $4 841/4 for- lemand.
i Posted rates, $4 B.;©i 85. Commercial bills.
$4 81%@4 82. Government bonds steady. State
I bonds dull. Railroad bonds higher. Bllver at the
board was quiet.
CXOFTun «rnr-tr<«.
Am Tel * Cable.... 85 Norfolk * Westrn. 814
Atchlson 12 Preferred. 13%
Preferred 17% Northern Pacific... 11%
Adams Express... .l4o Preferred. 20y 8
Alton. Terre Haute 66 Northwestern 94
American ExpresslO7 Preferred 143
American To Dacca 64% N. Y. Central 82%
Preferred 93 N.Y.,Chlcago<bS.L, 10A4
Bay State Ga5...... 16 Ist preferred. 6:-!'
Baltimore it Ohio.. 12% Yd preferred 26
Brunswick Lands.. Vs N. V.A N. H. 167
Buffalo, Roch .1 P. 14 X. Y. A New Enf. 20
Canada Pac 1 dc... 5* N. V.. Sosq 4 W... 8%
Canada Southern.. 45% Preferred. 2.<
Canton Land Ontario 10
Central Pacific... 14 Ontario <t Western 12%
Cbes. A Ohio i* Oregon Improvmnt Vi
Chicago Alton 152 Preferred —
Preferred. 170 Oregon Navigation 13
Chicago. B. A Q.... 67 Oregon Short Line. 18
Chlcaeoit E. H1... 37% Pacific Mall 191/ i
Preferred. 90 jPeoria, D.A Evans 1%
ChlcagoOas 69% Plttsbunr A W. pfd 16
CleveA Pliubnrg..l66 Pullman Palace.... 142
Consolidation Coal. 31 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5. .144 Preferred 15
C. C. C. & St. Louis 25 Reading.. 15y 3
Preferred. 78 iKloGrande<&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 20% Preferred 40
Preferred 90 Rock Island 60%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 12% RomeWat<fcOgden.lo7%
Commercial Cable. 125 St. L. &S. W 31/4
1 Dei. Hudson 120^, Preferred 8
Cel.Lack.feWestrn.lso St. Paul 70y»
! Denver 4E.8 11 Preferred. .123%
Preferred......... 42% St. Paul A Duluth. 15
DUUilers — Preierred.. ....... 75
General Electric. 28% St. Paul & Omaha. 88
Erie l'i*/i\ -Preferred. 115
Preferred.......... "^9 Bu P. M. 4 M. ..'..; 103
Fort Wayne.. ...... 145 !»!lver Certificates. 66%
Great Northern pfdll7 . Southern Pacific... 16
Green Bay... % Southern R. it..... 7%
Harlem ...........300 . Preferred.. ... 20%
Hocking c0at...... Sugar Refinery .... »5%
Hocking Valley.... 15% Preferred. ...100&
Homestake......... 34 Term. Coal A Iron. 22
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred. .... 90 ■
Illinois Central..... 88% Texas Pacific . 614
lowa Central 7 flol.A.A N.Mich.-—
Preferred 25% Tol. & Ohio Cent... 20
Kansas A Texas... 10 I Preferred..... ... 60
Preferred ....r... 2214iT01.Su Louis* K.C. *>
Kingston A Pern... 3 '.Preferred. .... 6
Lake Erie A Westn 16 Union Pacino 6%
Preferred. ; 67 U. P. Den A Onlf.. 1%
Lake Shore... 144% U. a Cora ace 3SA
National Lead 22 Preferred......... 7%
■ Preferred......... h9 Guaranteed ...... 14
Long 151 and........ 65 1. S. Express . ... 85
Louisville & Nash. 4iy 8 U. Leather 7%
Louisville Na«fcCJ» 214 Preferred. 60*3
Preferred by* U. 8. Rubber ... M 17"C«
Manhattan Consol. 83%] Preferred. .. 70
Memphis <& Chart*. 16 V tica &B. Rl . . 1 60
Mexican Central... Hi/ 2 \s ab. s. L. A Pao.. 63/.
Mlchlgai Central.. R8 . | Preferred 14y«
Minn AB. L........ — 1 Wei Is- Fargo. .. 60
1 Preferred ...:...— Western Union.... 81
Minn <fe Su Ii com. 14% Wisconsin Central, is/ a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
Ist preferred 68 j Wheeling <fc L. X.. 6y 8
2dpreferred 38 -Preferred :.... 24
Missouri I'aclfla... 1:'. .Am Cotton Oil pfd. 47
Mobile* Ohio 1" W. V. Beet 6%
Kashville Chatt. 67% Ann Arbor 7
National Linseed.. 14% Preferred 18
N. J. Central 101 %i Brooklyn Traction. 21
N'orUi American... 4% Krle -d ptO. ■ ■ •■ 16
cxofiS" iin:fi«.
Ala Class A4s 100 Northern 118
DoClass B 4, 65.. 100 Do Sid s 106%
Alabama, class C. 90 Do Ms 65
Atcmson 45.... 74% Do con sol 6s 45
Do2dsA 34i^,Olmprovement Ist 75
CanadaHouth2ds.. PHVj, Do 55...... 30
ten Pac ls:sof'9s.loo OB&N lsts. 106%
Cherokee 4s. 1896.100 Ho vnsol bs H3
Do 1887 10 Or Short Line ..108
Do 1898..........10J ' Do cons us 6«
Do 1899 101) racincJsof '97....
! Cbes«o.iiobs 105 1 h la<£ eadinj; 4s. 74%
Ch&N PTr Rets 6s 40Vi Do Ist )»fd incam. 34
DC3-658 109 P. Grande West Ist! B7
Den AX. Ist 111% btL&lronMtGen 5s 69 .
Do 4a. 86% St L<t SF Gen 6s. 103
Erleitds 69% St Paul Consols.... 123
FtW<tDenCity 49 bt PC& Pa 15t5...112
bfi«BA6i 101 Eo Carolina 4%«.-. 95
Do2d7s 96 Southern RR 55... 84%
Gen Debbs... 82% Do Pac Cal lsts.. 107
HA Tex Cent 65..102 Ten n new 3s 70
Docontts. 102 I Texas Pacific lsw. 79
lowa Central lsts.. 89 I Texas Pacific 2ds.. 16%
l"ii>«.i Pa Consols 60 1 Union Pac lsts 96.100
l»a la ihta Den UlvlOH I B4s red of 1.-25.116
La Consol 90% Co4s,eoupon — 116
Missouri funding...— it" Fls.rrc of 1907.106V's
MX T 2ds 61 Do 4«. coupon 107V4
Do 4s . ' ' 801,4' IcVs 92
Mobile & Ohio 4a.'.' 61 I Do 5s 110 333 3
Mutual Union 8s 107 I 1 coupon — llO^j
fc J Cent Gen 65...11»Vi Va funding debt... 60
N V c<fc~t Louts 4sloo 1 Do registered —
Kor&West Gen 65.115 | Do deferred 65... 6
X Carolina con 45.. 9t> I Do trust rcpts st. 4%
Do6s 110 Wabash Ist 6s 103
Nor west Consols. 135 Weal Shore 4a. 13
Do deb 6s 103 I
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Eno.. Sept. The spot market
is steady. Cargoes quiet at 27s 1 %d, sellers, prompt
shipment.
futures.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Ked Winter: Sep
tember, 6s Js,i<i: October, 5s 2d: November, 6s
2d; December, 552y 3d; January, 6s 3d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Eno., Sept. 8 —Consols. 112 11-16; sil
ver, 30fi/ 8d: French Rentt-s, 103f 22% c.
EXCHANGE AX BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 85
SteHlng Cables. — 4 b5%
New York Exchange, sieht — nominal
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — nominal
Fine silver, %» ounce — 66V4
Mexican Dollars 51% 62
:
i
«
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTttKR GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS—Are firm st 27a 6d,
and there has been considerable chartering of lute.
The chartered Wheat fleet in port has a registered
tonnage of 71,811. against 52.200 tons on the same
; date last year; disengaged, 11,746 tons, against
14,700: on the way to this port, 263,000 tons,
• aealnst 355.700.
WHEAT— Futures are soft, but shipping Wheat
'ti steady with a very fair demand. No. i 95@
96V*>- %* ctl; choice, 97% c; lower srades, 87%®
j D'.'Ysic; extra choice for milling, if l(g>l 02% it* C.I.
CALL BOARD A LBS.
Informal Session—9:l6 o'clock—December—
I 2000 ct s. 98V 60-skcond6o
skcond cessiox—December— ctls, 99 l/ic
-4000. 9?%c.
Regclar Mornino Session—No sales.
aftkenoos >Kssiox-No sales.
Ba; Ll-^-The mark*', is dull and Feed has a
slight downward tendency. We quote Feed, 6i@
j 633/4c f>. iti choice bright. 6.*<i ctl; Brewing.
! 72%@b0c ctl: Chevalier, 90<@$l for No. 1.
CALL BOARD SALES
Informal Session—9.ls o'clock—No sales.
Second -ESSION — No sales.
KEuruE Moknino session— December—4ooo
ctl«. 67c: 200». '67/gc Seller '»6, new— 2ooo,
6^i^c; VOOO, 62VsC
! afternoon bKssiox — December— 2ooo ctls,
665 8 c
| OaTS-Are firm with a moderate jobbing de
. mand. New Teed, 75(&e6c '<r, > tl: old milling. 87% I
■ $&2%C' :ancy ief(i,~9-i/2(a95r: good to choice,
8.'.(g,92V2: common o fair, 75v$80c; Gray, 85
©8;y 2c; Surprise. 95c@$l 02y 3.
; CORN—Large Yellow is still lower. In fact all
, kinds are weak and neglected, with large stocks.
' Larce Yellow quotable at s2i/j(aSsc: Small Hound
do. 87%@90c «t eU: White. 7Jc.
RYh-Unchan?ed at 70@72%c VcU for old and
; 62%(a65c tor new. <,
liLLliu HEAT— Nominal at 85@95c 9 cIL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
I LOUR—Prices have not changes for some
time. Net cash prices are as follows: Family
, extras, $3 60@3 70 9 bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 40
(a.3 50; superfine $2 75@3.
i COKNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, $19@19 50;
Cracked torn. $19 60@'20 ft ton.
MILLSTVFF —Prices In sacks are as follows,
1 usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 52 10;
J Rye Flour, *2 60; Rice flour, $5 76; Cornmeal,
| $2 10; extra cream do, $2 75: oatmeal, $2 90; Oat
'■■ i.roats, $3 60: Hominy, $3 10®3 30: Buckwheat
I Flour. $3 )0(g.3 30: Cracked Wheat, $2 75: Fa
| rina, S3 .'.O; Whole Wheat Hour, $2 30: Rolled
Oats. $3 60: Pearl Barley,» 3 60; hplltPeas, $3 20;
Green do, $4 10 ?. 100 lbs.
HAY AND "FKKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— $13@13 50 for the best and $12@12 60
V ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS-$15@16 » ton for lower grades.
and $17@18 V ton for the best.
FEELSTUKFS— RoIIed Barley, $14 50: Oilcake
Meal at the mill, $21 ft ton: jobbing, $22; clipped
Oats. 97%c@$l 05 ft ell.
HAY— Dealers succeed in disposing of the heavy
arrivals, but the market continues very. weak.
Wheat is quotable at $7@10; Wheat and Oat, $6@9:
Oat. *5(|»7 60; Barley. *6@7: lver Barley. $4 SO®
{5: Alfa. fa, $6 60@6 60 lor second and $4 60@5 for
; first cuttlne: compressed $6®9; slock, $405;
Clover, 6&7 60.
bTBAW- bO@36c 9 bale.
BEANS AM) SEEDS.
BEANS— Are still very dulL Bayos, $I®l 15 V
ctl; Small Whites, 95c©.* 1 10 ft ctl; Pea, f)6c
6$ 15 ft ctl; Large Whites, 85@96c $ ctl: Pink,
i 75® 5c "I* ctl: Reds, $I@l 50 *s* ctl; Blackeye,
: $1 v!s@l 60: Red Klaner, $I@l 10: Limas, $1 80
! A£2 05. Butters, nominal.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 65(32 65; Yellow
I Mustard, $1 25@1 60; Flax. $1 3..&1 35: Canary,
2y«@2%c ■& Ib; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, a c;
Hemp, 3%c
DRIKD PEAS— SI 10@l 40 **# cU for Nlles and
$1 25@1 60 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABI.ES.
POTATOES— DeaIers quote still lower prices.
Sweet Potatoes are quotable at $I@l 25; Garnet
Chiles, 50@65c ft ctl: Early Rose, 25@30c; Bur
bank Seedlings, 25@30c lor Rivers and 60@80c for
Salinas.
ONlONS— Plentiful at 25@35c ft ctl; Pickles,
6Lc ft sack.
VEGETABLES— The market Is heavily stocked
and prices show lit.le deviation. Marrowfat
Squash, $5@7 *> ton; Green corn, 26@76c
sack; Alameda Corn, 75c@51 25 derate; Berke
ley Corn, 25@50c "ft box: Summer Squash,
I 26c V box for Bay: Egg Plant, 26@40c '+ box:
I Tomatoes. 10025 eft box for Rivers and 16@
i SOc ft box for Bay: Alameda Cucumbers, 16@30c;
Pick es, 50@65c ft box for No 1 and 25@!>Oc ft ctl
for No. 2: ureen Peppers, 25@35c %♦ large box for
Chile and 25@3)c for Bell: Green Peas, 60(d175c
ft sack for common and 2@2Vi|C ft Ib for Garden;
hiring Beans, 60@75c ft sack for common and 2(g)
2%c ft Ib for garden; Limas. 75c@$l 25 ft sack,
Green Okra, 25@40c ft box: Cabbage, 40c ft ctl;
Carrots, 25@30c ft sack; Garlic, l@l*>4c fl tb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Another car of Eastern will be
offered to-aay. The market is quiet, as It is a
holiday season.
Live Tnrkevs are quotable at 13©14 c*> Ib for
Gobbler«. 12%@14c V Ibfor Hens; Geese, ft pair,
$:@125: coslings, $1 25(a>2; Ducks. $.M@3 50 ft
I doz for old and $3 50@4 6u for young; Hens, $4
i ("$5 50; Roosters, youn?, $3 50@5 ft dozen; do,
I old, $4@4&0: Fryers, 83@»3 aft; Broilers, $2 50©
I 3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for small; Pigeons,
j SI 60@l 75 ft dozen lor young and $1 25(g>l 60
for old.
! GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER -The floors are practically bare and
the market is very firm.
Cn kam kb y— Fancy, 26@27c ft &>; seconds,
23@25c.
Dairy— Fancy, 22y3@23%c: good to choice,
18@21c; lower gradi s, l-y 2 @l7V.c "*» It).
P*KLKD— 16©17 Cft lb.
Firkin— l4&lsC ft &>.
CHKKSE-Steady and unchanged. Choice mild
new, 9c ft Ib: common to good old, 6%<&8%c ft Tb:
Cream Cneddar, 10@llc; Young America, 9®loc;
Western, 10@llc: Kastern. H(ai3c fi Ib.
EGOS— Some dealers quote sales at an advance
Over the quotations, but the prices we give
represent the great bul.. of sales. Fancy ranch
are firm. Oregon are quotable at 12(«13c ft
dozen: Eastern, 14y 2 itfl6c for fair to choice and
li-c for fancy: store Kgi;s. 12@14c for ordinary and
16@17%c for good;: ranch Eggs,' ?os24c; cold
storage ranch, 17@18c; Duck eggs, 10@17 ft doz.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS KBUITB.
ORCHARD FRUITS— .
The season Is over for Peaches In bulk. All
kinds of Fruit are quiet and not over firm.
Quinces, 40@50c ft box.
Peaches, 26<£50c ft box and 20330 c7l basket.
Plums, 25<g)6Oc ft box.t9H«NHßfe^Sßgft
Pomegronutes. 75c(ai$l ft box.
Apples, 75c@$l ft box for choice and 40060 c
for common. ,-.-.; .
Pears, 25@40c ft box; Bartletts, 4(@65c ft box.
Figs, 25(g,5Uc ft box for white and 2507 5 c for
black. ■-_■ ..;■-• ;• •
BERRIKS— The market continues firm.
Strawberries, $7 ft chest tor worths and
$1 50@3 50 for large berries.
Raspberries, $334 ft chest. '
Black ber. $2&3 60 ft chest.
Hucl£leb<-rri-8, 7c ft Ib.
GRAPES— Prices show little change.' Stocks are
plentiful. Wine Grapes are nominal, as Ihe sea-
Ma has not fairly opened. Seedless, 40<&50c ft
box: Isabellas, 50@B0c "$ basket: Tokays, 35@65c
box: Black Grapes, 30(*50c V box: Muscats. 35
@50c: Swi-et waters and Fontalnebleaox, 3.'>@-Jsc
V box; Grapes in crates bring SCgiJOc more than in
boxes. • ■ - ~
.■• KLONs-All kinds are quiet. Watermelonss
92(§)6 %« 100: Cantaloupes, 75c@$l « crate; Nut
nii-is'R. 20@40c & box.
CITRIS FRUIT*— Are qulot, as usual at this
season. Oranges, $2@3 ~tf> box for Va:en< las and
$1 50 box for Mediterranean. Sweets: Lemons,
75c@$l 50 ft box for common and *2 60@3 50 for
good to choice: Mexican Limes, $6 .'.O i> box; Cal
liortiia Limes. 60@76c: Bananas, fl@2 9 bunch;
Pineapples, $2 ©3 50 %* doz. . -,
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Apricots are very stiff and Peaches are also show
ing more firmness. Prunes are nominal as yet.
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as fol
low <:
Carload Apricots, 6@Bc V &> tot Royals
and (gilOc %i Ib for choice to fancy Moorparks;
Prunes 3c %d Ib: Peaches, 3@4c ?». Ib for prime to
choice, 6%c for fancy and 9@loc for peeled In
boxes; Apples, 6c for evaporated ana 2@2%c for
sun-dried; Pears. 3i,i@ic for prime to choice. 5c
for quartern and 6c lor halves; Plums, 4c tor pit
ted and l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines. 3<<s4c
for choice and ;<c for fancy; white Figs, 3c; black
Figs, 2V4@a%c.
Jobbing Prices— New Peaches. 4i>4@s%c ~f>
S>; rancv. 7c i* Ib: new Apricots, 6(§>/c ~$ lb:
fancy, 8c: Moorparks, lC@llc: new evaporated
Apples, tic; sun-dried, 3c; i'runes, 3c for the lour
sizes: new Figs, black. 2%c for unp:essed «nd
3(5.31/3 for pressed: white tits, 4c; Plums, 6c for
pitted and l%c for unpttted; new Nectarines, 4
Mi m- '■?. Ib for pr.me to fancy : Pears, 3%@4%c for
whole, 5c for quarters and 6c for halves.
RA SlNS
caul ad Pbic-s, f. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
100-if, 4c; 3-crown. 3V4c; 2-crown, 2»4c; Seedless
Sultanas, 4c; Seedless Muscatels. 2%C; 3-crown
London layers. $1 10; clusters, $135; Dehesa
clusters, $1 75; Imperial clusters, $2 60; dried
Grapes, 2*/ $ to.
Jobbing Pmi vs— Four-crown, loose, 4%c: 3
crown, 3J»4c^ tt> ; 2-crown, 8c $ tt>; seedless Sul
tanas, 6c Ib; seedless Muscatels, 3%c; 3-crown
London layers. $1; clusters, $150. Dehesa clus
ters, $2 60: Imperial clusters, 2 60.
NUTS— Quo at lons are as follows: Walnuts,
nominal: new Almonds, 7c %* Ib tor Lanuuedoc,
Vtb for hardshell and 9@loc Ib for paper
shel jobbing; Peanuts. 4@tic ft Ib for Eastern and
4c for California: Hickory Nuts, 6(st>c 9 Ib;
Pecans, 7%@Bc; Filberts, 7%@Bc; brazil Nuts,
7%@Bc $> tt,; Cocoanuts, *4@5 f* 100.
HONEY— tomb, 10@12%clor bright and srm9c
for lower grades: water-vvbue extracted, 5@5%c;
light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark amber, 4.5
4%c; aarK, 2@3c > ft.
BEESWAX-25@27c ft.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— and Bacon are firm
and business Ib very good. Bacon, 6%c for
heavy, 7%c ? ft for ll<?ht medium, 9<a9%c -f, ft
for light, i'J@llc for extra Ilicnt and 12c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12®12y»c:
California Hams. 10®llc * ft; Mess Beef, $7(g»
8: extra mess do, $8: family- • do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B@B £0: extra clear, $13 T? bbl:
mess, $11 50&12 f» bol; .-nio~ecl Beef, 10c V Ib
I.AKD- Eastern tierces Is quoted at 4V^e ~fh ft '
for compound and 614 c for pure; pails, tic $ Ib:
California tierces, 4%c for compound and 5%c ;or i
pure: ba f-bbls, 4 c; 10-ft tins, «Vie: do 6-ft i
6i/.c '«) ft.
OT I OLENE— 6V B @6%c In half-bbls and 68.4®
/8 * ft in 10-ft tin.s. /<tW
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Quiet and unchanged. |
Heavy salted steers, 6c ft ft; culls and brauds, I
£@5%c > ft; medium, 5c ft ft; culls and
brands, 4^4%c f, ft; light, . 4c; culls rntl
branas, »icu3%c; cow.ild-s. 4@4%c: culls ana ;
brands, S(&4c: suited Kip, 4c: salted Calf. 6c t> Ib:
salted Veal, sc; dry Hides. 9,v«9%c; culls nnd
brands, 7c; dry Kip and Veal.7®Bc; cull-, tic;
dry Calf, 12@14c; culls, M(g,9 : Goatskins. 20©
Hsc each: Kids, 6c: Deer-kin*, go d summer,
26:tt27%c: medium, 15'd> 2y 8 c: winter, 7@lOo;
SheepakHis, shearings. 10.a15c each: short wool,
i.'o(a):!sc i-ac.'i ; medium, 40a&0s- each: long wools,
6(J(g.60 each, Culls 01 all kinds about %c less. ■
'» Al,iiU\V- No. 1. rendered, 2%' a.ac; -No. 2,
214 c; refined, / 4@sc: Hrease, '-'c ft ft,
WOOL— Heavy speculative purchases are re
poried in the East, but there is absolutely no busi
ness here, Humi oidi and Mendocino, 10@llc; Val
ley Oregon. 10@llc ft Ib; do iower grades, 8®10c:
Nevada, 6@B »c; San Joaquin and s«iuihern
tots., six months, 4@6c; >an Joaquin. foothill, i
good to choice, 6%@7%c; ban Jonquil, ye.-.r's
fleece. 4(ssU.c; nor.Ucrn free. 7@9c; do defective.
sf£6%c »* IbT
ii' -PS— .Nominal at 2@3c 9 ft for 1895. New |
Orecons have been offered at 4c without buyers, I
and C.ilifornias have been ottered on contract at
6c, with the same result. 1 here is no business
whatever. Dealers rfluse to make advances to
Hop-growers, and many yards, aggregating 1500 j
acres, have been abandoned for this season in Cali
fornia alone.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta rain Bags, spot, $4 12%@4 20:
San Queniii., $4 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 ft ton; New Wellington,
$8 ft ton: youth field Wellington. $7 50 9 ton;
heattle, $5@5 60: Bryan., $6; Coos Bay, $4 60;
Wallsend, $7: Scotch, $7 50; Brymbo, $7 60;
Cumberland, $13 50 "0 ton In hulk and $15 In ska:
Pennsylvania nthracito Egg, $11 ft ton; Welsh
Anthracite, $9; Canm-l, $7 50; > 1 ock Springs.
Castle Kate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: Coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 ft ton in ska.
CANNED FRUlTS— Cherries, black or red— 2%- I
Ib extra, $2 50 ft dozen; 2%-ft standards, $1 75 \
@2 16; seconds, $1 60. wniie cherries— 2%-lb i
ex.ra, $2 60; 2% standards, $2 10. Peaches— 1
Yellow, free. $1 50; yellow, cling, 2%-ft stand- !
aids $1 'Js@l 35; second*. $1 1 6(511 20. A prl- I
cots— Bsc@»l 10. Raspberries— 2y a -ft standards, i
$1 'iii@\ 65. Strawberries— Standards, $1 Sou. |
1 65. ■';■■
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes. 80c ft
dozen. 2%1b tins, lens, $1(31 25 ft dozen.
COFFEii— C. E. Blrkford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this port during the first eight mon.h< of
the yeur at 120,031 bags, aicaum 140.032 bass i
during the same peri&i in 1895. The sales from
lim bands were 84,938 bags, against 115.'J44. |
The s.ock in first hands September 1 was 25,544 i
baits, against 17.&68 on September 1, ls»s. The
world's visible supply September 1 was a.335,09^
bags, against Z 934,092 The circular ays: -me
market has been generally quiet. For a short
period some local demand set In due to the neces
sities of dealers, during which time most of the sales
menuoned below were made, but havlug thus sat- I
isfied their temporary requirements the market
has u-'ain subsided Into It "lormer cond.tlon. he
only tra' saction of especial importance comprised
aoout 650 bags unwashed sn varlor on private
term*, whlcn were afterward resold In lots among
dealers at somewhat below importers' asking
price". Some business for over and shipment also
ensued, and it is probable that *. moderate demand i
from that quarter would comlnue if shipping j
grades were more abundant a id of better style. '
ana those offered not held quite so firmly. Good j
Coff* s are steady, but inferior qualities are
weaker and lower, due 10 their abundance and to j
offerings of low grade Brazils, principally Santos :
Coffee from astern markets at very cheap i
prices. The New York market has tended steadil y i
downward. To-day's stock consists Of 2164 costa
Rica, 257 Nicaragua, 11>35 Salvador. 11.188 '
Guatemala, 235 Mexican: in all 26.679, against
17,118. same time last year. Steamer Newport is '■
due on the 9;h inst., with 250 bass."
Costa Rica— lß%@2oc for good to prime: 17%@
18c fur good in i. a ' with black beans: lG(a) .
17c for fair; 13(315 - for common toon.l ary
Salvador— l7"3/l@l9c for good to m tme washed: I
17(5117%c V ft for lair washed; 19®20c for good 1
washed peaberry; 2 <a,l6V4C for superior un- j
washed: l&@15l/4c tor good nnwasheu; 16^4@
17% c for guud to prime unwashe 1 peHberry.
"■WTtuAU AND Mexican— 2Oi4©2Osic for
prime to strictly prime washed: 18%@193 / 4c for
good to strictly good washed: 16@17%u for fair '
washed: 14@16%c for medium; 12@13%c for 1
ordinary; t@l)y 2 c for Inferior to common; 20 i
320340 for good to prime washed pe;.berry: 17® ;
17% c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
I- is 11 _p ac e , od. catch of 1896, 100-ft cases, |
4@4a/ 4 c ?• ft : 50- Ib bundles, 4c; Boneless, ft@syoc; i
£lOCKS,S@7y 2 c: Desiccated, $1 70. Pacific Her- I
ring, 15c ft box: Dutch do, 90c@$l 10 ft keg;
White Flab, $1 50 In balf-bbls and $1 75 in kits:
Tongues and Sounds, $12: Mackerel, bbls— 1,
$20: No. 2. $18 50: No. 3 $17: hali-bb.s— No. 1,
*9@ I 50; No. 2, $8 60@9: No. 3, «8 50; kits, No.
1, $1 60: No. 2, $1 26; No. 3, $1.
QUICKSILVER— quoted for export at $34@
36 50 %* flask.
OIL— California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1, 95c:
bbls. 90c per pa (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil inhbis, boiled, 42c; do raw. 40c; cases. 5c
more; Lard nil, extra winter strained, bbls, 65c:
No. 1.45 c: cases, 5c higher; China N ut, $4 80@
5 15 V Cnsn.
PETROLEUM, GASOLINE. ETC.— Water-white
Coal Oi , In bulk, ll%c: Pearl Oil, In cases. 17% c
ft gal: Antral.do: 17% eft ml; Star, do, 17% c:
Extra Star Oil, incases, 21% c; Elaine, do, 22% c;
Eocene, do, 19% c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 13c; do, 111 case*. 19c: 63* Deodorized
Naphtha, Id bulk, I2o; «3° do In cases. 17% c: 86*
Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 1 86° do. In cases, 25c ft gal.
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 6%c ft ft.
RED LEA I>-Quotab 0 at 6%c ft ft.
TURPENTINE— In cases, 4ic; In iron barrels,
36c; In wooden barrels, 38c ft gal.
CANDLES -Klectric Light— 6's, 16 oz, 7%c; do,
14 oz. 7c: do, 12 oz, 6Vic: do, 10 or.. 5%c: Gran
ite—6's, 16oz. 9140; do, 14oz, B%c; do, 12 oz.
734 c: do, 10 oz. 7c ft ft.:
LKATHKR— Extra heavy Sole is quotable at
26@28c; he vy sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
«* Ib for No. j ; medium -Sole; 24@26c for No. 1
and 22<- for No. 2. Light so'.e, 21«g)24c for No. 1
ami 20@22c ft ft for .\o. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@
35c; do. medium, 28c: do. light, 24©25 c; Koiuli
L-ather. 18@'J0c: Kips. $40^50 ft doz: Calf, 70®
C . : , Kou " Splits. 4(3!5c.
I dUUAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms net cash: -Cube and Crushed. 5%c:
Powdered, 6s/ 8 c: Fine Crushed, 5%c; Dry firann
*•}?*' 4S/^ C: Confectioners' A, 4%c: .nagnolta A,
43/»c; Extrac, 414 c: (joidenC, 4Vs^: half barrels.
%c more than barrels, and boxes %c more.
WOOD, LUMBER, ETC.
Posts. 9@loc each: Redwood, $5 9 cord; Oak,
rough, $6 50: peeled. $9; Pine, $5 75.
TANBAHK— $14 ft cord. - ,r .-.-.•
1.1 -MBKR-Uetail pries for Pine are: No. 1
rous;h *13@17 50 for the 1 tfferent lengths: No. 2,
*M: No. 1 -flooring, $21@26: Lath, $2; Redwood,
$16 for No. 1 aud $13 for No. 2: Rustic, $18923;
shingles, common, $1 60; Shakes, $9 ft M.
SAN FKANCiaCO MEAT MARKET.
HO3S have again declined. Other descriptions
are unchanged. Wholesale rates for dressed stock
from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 4%@5c; second do. 4@
4%c: third do. 3%c ft ft. . w
»tk A^ LL * rr F et 4 ® sc: ■mail. s@6c ft ft. .
ft ft? °* N~Wetherß>N ~ WetherB> 4y a @sc; Ewes, t 4@4%c
LAMB— &@6o ft ft.
f o r«^r l e ".?**■ 28 /* c* * for I » r ' te * Dd a %c
for small and medium ; dressed do, 4%@5c %i ft.
RECEIPTS; OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOURS.
Flour, qr sks.... 71.038 Butter, etli 5
Washington... 3,9 4 Cheese, ct15...... 21
Wheat, cils 146,5:9 Kegs doz 800
Washington.. 2,395 Hides, no 300
Barley, ct15...... 62,131 Pelts, bdls.. 345
Beans. «ks ...... 2,635 Wine, gals 44,24')
Oats, ctls 3.010 Wool, bis 314
Potatoes, sks.... 3,861 Sugar, bbls 2,966
Onions, s-cs 727 ! Lumber, M feet. 60
Bran, sks 1.91K Qulcksllver.flslcs 200
Washington... 48 > Flaxseed, W, sks 325
Middlings, sks... 300 Shorts, W, sks.. *65
Hay, tons 645; Leather, r0115.... 36
Straw, tons 40 Tallow, ct15.....; > 40
PACIFIC COAST BONDS.
Receiver A. H. Boyd of the Bank of Auburn,
Wash., has filed a report in the Superior Court in
which he finds that the assets over liabilities
amount to $)8,689 39, The various assets, or the
principal ones, are as follows: Notes and bills,
$ 14,071 79; collateral, $4749 65; judgments,
C 4334 41: real estate, $8600. The receiver has
been ordered to bring suit on all claims due the
bank where, lv his judgment, the interests of the
bonk will be forwarded.
T. V. Waiter, manager of the London a:;d Sa:i
Francisco Bank of Tacoma is dead. He was for
merly connected with the London and San Fran
cisco Bank In Portlsnd, and prior to that was in
the Lo. uon and San Francisco Bank iv this City.
H. s. Tnlcott, who was appol ted commissioner
In the case of the Consolidated National Bank vs.
Richard V. Haves et al. In San Slego County, has
filed a certificate of the sale of 140 acres of land
for J6624.
The Los Angeles Times says that shonM the Irri
gation law be sustained the new water company,
which is being formed at <siendora, Los Angeles
County, will turn over its business to the disir.cu
By that time a more d- finite estimate may be
made of tbe cost of gelling water, and thus new
Donds may be Issued by the district if the supreme
Court of Washington gives a favorable ruling on
the pending issue.
Bids for the municipal bonds of Anaheim,
amounting to $18,0u0, and bearing 6 per cent In
terest, payable semi-annually, will be ooened Oc
tober IX.
The election concerning an Issue of bonds In the
Woody school district, Kern County, will be held
September 26.
Tbe stockholders of the Santa Barbara Consoli
dated Electric company will decide October 81 on
a proposition to create a bo»ded indebtedness of
the incorporation, to the amount of $150,000, and
the execution of a deed of trust to secure siid
bonded Indebtedness and the lmerest that may no
crue thereon on ihe property or the corporation,
also to recomld-i ond rescind the resolution
passed by the stockholders at their meeting on
November 11, 896, by which the Board of Direc
tors were authorized to create a DOnded Indebted
ness iv the sum of $160,000.
The bonds which were authorized by the trus
tees of the .North lme School District In Kern
County amount to $600. The money will build
an. i furnish h new *choi>; house.
A new company bus recen iy been registered in
England to oe Known as the Ooid Fields of .Mex
ico, Limited, with a capital s ock of £100,000, to
carry on buslnesi as a financial, promoting and
mining company la Mexico.
Ihe shure;io aers of tbe >airhaven Nation-.il
Bank will meet next Friday to vote concerning
tbe voluntary liquidation of the bank for the
tran sac ion of any other business proper to come
before ih« meeting.
The tax levy a. Ontario will be about $1 60 on
every $100. Tbe assessed valuation of Ontario as
returned Is $277,240. The amount to be raised in
payment of bonded Indebtedness and interest
thereon Is MI9S3.
Au a sossni'-nt of $1 per share has been laid on
the stock of he A. C- U. Lemon Association, :av-
ing its principal place of bJjiness hi Oiendora, Los
| AngeU-s Cnu .ty.
AHt.esto k of the Forest Grove Bank In Or c
■ gon has brcn purchased b- a. Planner. Mr. Keep
Iks r- tired on account of poor health, and the old
a rpomtlnn, slnoa there was no necssityfor fur
ther continuance, iv view of Mr. Planner's sole
. ownership, has been dis.io.vetl.
i he lily Trustees of Pomona have requested
the >iiperviH<>r.i of Los Angeles County to levy a
tax lipon Pomona property to puv the $2800 In
terest on $40,000 school bonds this year.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Jhe ( omstocks were easier yesterday and the
best prices were rather below those oi Monday.
The boards will not be in session ;o-uay.
". he close was still lower and dull.
'f he i.eicner assessment falls delinquent in office
to-morrow.
The Suiter-street Railroad Company recently de
clared a dividend of $1 25 per share. The pre
vious dividend had been at the rat of $1 per
share.
The Pan Francisco Gaslight Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 35 cc, its per share,
payab c Sepiembir 1">.
The Quaker (iold Mining Company of C«laveras
County h;,s 1 vied an assessment, of 12 cents per
share, d llnquent ' ctober 8.
The De sotobold Mining Company has levied rd
assessment of 7 cents per share, delinquent Octo
ber 10
Assessments I'endlnir,
Following Is a list of assessments no>r pending:
Company.
lu/eunqi
No. Amt. Intba
I Board.
bale D»y.
Con Imperial
Confidence
Alpha Coa
Belcher
sierra Nevada.
Bullion
Crown Point
Union
Gould it Curry
Occidental ......
Optalr ......
Alia
87
27
17
63
11
48
68
68
79
24
67 .
63
01 Aug Sept
SO An; 30 .Sept
lOSt-pt a .sept
25 Sept 6 .Oct
26 Sept 7 .Oct .
10 Sept 14 .Oct
20 Sept 18 .Ocl
20 Sept 25 .Oct
It' Oct 2 .Oct
lOoct 8. Oct
26 Oct 0 .Oct
luluct a.JNov
22
24
29
26
26
•8
33
ii
•27
29
80
2
BOAKU SALES.
Following were the sales la the San Francisco
stock Board yesterday :
REGULAR MOHKISQ SKSSIOX. COMMESCINH 9:30.
100 Alnha 19 100 CC*V.. .1.95|500 Savn* .. .66
-(in Alia. 08 BO 1.9. 500 Scorpion.. 10
200 8e1cher.. .67 500 U <tc 63 100 a Xt 79
200 B * 8...1.15 10J MXC 0.....64 300 78
200 Cha!ln«...&3 100 Opnir... 1.15 200 Union ...50
150Chllar.. .2.45 SOJ Potosi... 1.05 100 V J»cki...3B
AFTKRNOOX SESSION— 2:3O.
300 Ainha —17 250 Choir.. . 2.25200 0cc1dU.... 69
100 Birrjer ...55 100 Urwn Pt. .3;n500 0ph1r...1.10
100 B <tH.... 1.05200 34 100 Potosl . . 1.00
150 Challge...4B|loa ilex 60 200 99
100.. 49100 61 Beg 8e1.. .10
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
KFOTItAR SKS8IOW— 10:30.
200 Alpha.... 19 50 C0nn.. ..1.46 450 Save 67
900 AHa 08 1200 C Imp ..03 500 66
200 Andes.. 300 C P0tnt...33 200 65
300 Blchr 66*00 ..32 200 64
200 65 400 Exchqr....Ob 300 Scorpion.. lo
400 64 400 w»tC... 62 100 58AM....11
4UO E&8. ...1.10 200 H<fciN. . .l.so 100 S.Nv.. . 78
300 Bodle 65 300 Kentuck..O7 600 79
60J 1.u1110n....10 400 Alex. 64 200 •. 77
200 Caled 13 200 ...... .....62 500 S Hi 1 1... 02
60.' Challge...sO 400 Mono a.-l *\JO Union..... 49
150 C1i01r...2.4 300 Occd 69 400 ...60
400 2.421/2 Ssi) 0pn1r....lV 8 200 46
6UO 2.3.* 4JO l.lv 200 ...... 45
WO 2.30 200 Overman. 18 400 Utah .....10
300 -5. 27% 700 P0t051.02% 35J V Je*l~...3tJ
150 CCV iy 500 1.00
AFTKRNOOW SESSION— 2:3O.
Son Alt>ha.«..l7| 50 c0nd.1.42y.:400 Ovrmn..»l7
200 Alta 07 17110 C 1mp. ..031300 18
200 Andes 82 400 ConN V ...05:800 Potosi.. 99
300 Belcner... &4J300 C P0int... .321100 1.00
400 B<tß.l.O7VaisOO fcxenqr.. .06 300 "Say 64
1 100 80d1e....6j3u0 U <fc C.....69 100 ... 66
400 Bullion. . 09 200 HAN 1.82V&I200 Scorpion.! 10
100 8u1wer...43 100 Julia 07 '-00 SHAM., n
200 Caleda. ..ll'l oo Justice. ...o7 600 SWt.. 76
300 Chains... .49 JOO Kentuck..o7 200 ..... . 77
60 Choir. 2.2 1i|200 Mxcn 61400 Union C.46
100 2.27% 100 6-/2/0 ......... ..46
400 2.30 200 Mono. 21 20J Utah. 09
50 CCV.....iy 8 (00 Ocod .'.... 69 300 ¥ J»0k«..35
800 1.HJ200 1.07% 400 46
100 .........1.95' ■. I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUEBUAY. Sepu 8-4 p.
XlAAtketL] ' 2l<i.AtkoA.
Alpha Con. ... 16 18 Jackson. 26 —
Alta. 07 09Jn11a... ... — 10
Andes..: 32 33 Justice. 08 07
Belcher 66 58: Ketunck. ... 07 08
Bes: Belcher 1.05 1.10 I. ad v Wash. . 02 14
Benton C0n.... — it; Mexican .. . 6.' 64
Bodie... 63 66 Mono . — 21
8u11i0n........ 10 Hi. Nevada Queen. 03 _
Bulwer. 42 44 Occidental. ... 68 69
Caledonia. 11 — Ophlr .1.10 1.16
Ch011ar. .... 3.25 2.30 Overman^.. 17 18
Con. Cal&Va.. .1.85 1.90 I'otosl. .'9B 1.00
Challenge Con. 48 50 5avage... ...... 68 67
Con. Imperial. 02 03 scorpion.. -..10 —
Confidence 1.40 — seg. belcher... 10 11
Con New York • — 05 Syndicate ... — ,04
Crown Point... 34 35 silver Hill. ■ 02. 03
EsstSlerra — 04 sierra Nevada, 76 78
Eureka Con... 30 — Union Con 47 48
Exchequer.... 04 06 Utah 08 10
l>ouia<fc Curry. 60 62 Yellow Jacket 37 38
lliilidi JXorcrs. 1-50 1.55
GOLD Mllna-S^, J'.£.CflA.-i VS
. Champion Providence
Bid SO 00 Asked 80 00
Edna . Savannah „
Asked... ... 35 Asked:..: 48
Grant..... ....... , ■; Seoasiopoi
sited • 25 Asked 82
Keystone........ iuorp»
8id::.......... ......65 00 A5ked...........:..; P5
Kennedy 150 R0d. .......... 7i>
A5ked.....:.... -7 00 Ido Ch011ar......::. 2 40
200 LockwoodCon. 100 Con Virginia... 90
100... 81 100 Hale & .\urcra. 165
Asked Princess 70 100 I'otosl 105
LOCAL, RKCUBI?I«s.
Asked Spring Valley Water......... 98 25
Bid San Francisco Ga5.....: '. -.. 90 50
STOCK. AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Sept. 8-8 W K. -
- mriTxo statics BONDS.
Slit. Atkrd. •"-•;■ " Sid. A feed.
US coop. .1 PR Mi — US4sreg... — 107%
Do new losuel 15*41 l6Vg
' lilßl.r.Ll.JN>;iHHpfl\-iH,
Cal-*tr"bl»!H — 111 Paeßoli MfJsi _ _
Cal Elect, 6l ll7 - Do2dls6v.. — _
CntraCWSl - 94 l'*UHr6i. — 115
Dpnt-stex-co Mo 97% P*Ch By6i. — 107%
KdsnLdkP6sll7% - Pwl-st KHOi — - —
*&CHHK6s. - 103 Heno, WI&L - 105 .
Geary-stßss. — 107% fcacto P A 1,. — 102%
LosAng L — 100 I M- AN PR ss. 97% 99 .
DoUmeedSs - 95 Sl'RßAnzd* 93&100
Mkt-etCblettsll7%ll9 It-PKRCaid*. - 11«%
DoßyCon6s..lol!V4.lo2T / iBPKRCaiS». — _
KatVinCslst 88 - i&rßrßCal6s. 8814 89V*
NevCNgß7s. 84 ' — |!?VWater6s.. 115%116
NPCRR6IIOO - Water**,. 97 — -
NRy Cal 63. — !UOy StktnGAK6i — 10014
>. By Cal ss. — 100 Sons.T<fcT«s. — , —
Oak Gas 55.. 102 - Suuer-siUoa. 107 109%
bo 2d Is 65..102.y 105 VlsallaWCU* — —
OlLiUlbiu . 1164iH8
V.ATKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 29 40 | Pan .low — —
MarlnCo.... 60 53 |Bprn?Valler 87% 98V 2
. / ' RTOTKS
Capital 17% 30 Pacific liimt — —
Central.. 95 — San Francsco 90 80%
Oak (i I, &it — 6134l*iocKtoii. — «0
Pat; Uasiuip. 82 — ' I
INSUKASTCK <«TOCKI.
Fireman's F<l lso — |Snn 25 50
COMMERCIAL BAXK STa-K'.
Arnerß&TC. — — lx>ndonP<SA.l23% —
Anitlo-Ca1.... — 58 . London<fc.^P. — . 27%
Bank of Cal.. 225 334 Merch Kx... IS —
Cal SD£TCoIO7%IIO Nevada — —
ilrsi.Na.iuai. — lbO Saiber 800- - .•","■
BAVIV1« SANK BTOTK*.
nerPAIiCo. — 1265 i^av&Loan.. • _ 10U
HumhSAUllOO 1450 Security — 276
Mutual — 41) Trust 750 —
biS»vUuion — 480
BTBKBT RA ILRO 4 r» C*
California.... 106 107 OalcSljAHay — 100
Geary-st. — SO jl'r<>sldio 6 —
Mnrkei-at +'2 I A 4S |Sutter-st — —
' 1 O* DK.ll fiTOCKH.
Atlantic D... 15 — . iGlantCon.... 17 —
Eastern D... 70 — Juilson D.... — — . ;
Calltorma.... 00 — Ivifsorlt. — 90c
MISCKI.UIJIKOI7S stock*.
Alanca Pkrs. 91 — NatVlnCO.. - -
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo - SO
Col Cot Mills — — Pac Anx PA 1 —
Kdison lilghtll6 lieygl'acßoraxCo. 98 100
GasConAssn. — . — Tac Roil Mill — —
Ocr Lead Co. SO 100 I Part PalntCO 6% 7%
HawC&SCa. 13»a 14 PncTr usCO. — 24
xiutchSPCo 18% 19^411'acTifeTUo. 70% —
MerKxAssn.loo 110 Sunset TAT. 41 —
al .Light — 4% United G Co. — 25
6»LtS-Muß...^ I tjMUJjt
Board— ' ..---,
80 Edison Light & Power Ca.. 116 00
26 > V Water 98 00
$16,000 BF*NP Hallway Bonds **8 00
$10,000 V S 4% (new) Bonds. I*6 00
Hwi
-10 Contra Costa Water, s 90 30 00
200 Hawaiian Commercial. 1. 76
BALUS— At XKKNOO.S SJCS.4IOX.
Foard—
100 Contra Costa Water, s 90 29 00
23 Edison LlKhtdS Power Co 116 00
$2000 S V 6% Bonds 116 00
Blreet—
$20,000 Market-st Ky Con I'/, 80nd*.... 102 00
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
A I Cooper, Sta Barbara Mrs a Kellv, Santa Rosa
Ms* Keily. Santa Rosa H D M!llor,"saii Jos«
W D Perkins Los *ng Q L Wilson, Cal
H Wellheimer, Mt View A R Boyne, Stockton
D O Matheson, Stockton J C Heuler. San Jose
J C McCall. Forest Hill C H (irondenbers, <'al
J F Coons <t wf, sacto Miss coons, -acram«nto
T C Nolan. Sacramento AJI Huichlnson. <n,\
Dr J A Kern, Phila D M Brown <fc wf, Cal
T Rodgers, Sacramento H W Delaney, Cal
G H Gwins, New York A J Began. San L Obispo
O T McNealey. Sn Diego T If Kindlebeyer, Cal
MrsKln'iiebeyer&fm.Cai C W Ayers, Sonora
J M Lathrop, Newman J W Woodland, Auburn
T I Whitney, Rocklln Mrs S J Bryant, Reno
A B Morris <fe wf. Hacto J H Seaweil, Cklah
HC P ck, Bakersfleld J A Moore, Term
1. Callisch <t wf.SanJose J Oustell Jr, Marysvllle
Miss C '.ee.sacramento Miss G Francis. Sa<'to
B J Moore, st Louis J J Al:i(rgeite A wf, Cal
G W Slq gan.l-uiicanMls Mrs J T Whitney, Cal
The Miss -s Whitney, Cal A A Button, .Salt Lake
G A Smith, Courtiand G F Wiiter, Paso Kobles
J C Stevenson, Oregon H Lathrop, Oakland
MissCu:»en Oakland Mrs W Finch. Willows
A V La Motte.G enEilen J F Far: sworth, Fresno
X H Grlggs, Stanford W Ueane «St fm. i oom is
J S Bouland & wf, Cal W Steinbeck, Hollisler
C FTlnkham, chßo
RUBS HOUSE.
M M Sloan, Cal W T Hall, San Jose
Mrs Harrison. Santa Cruz J Black, Cal
B Pi-ckham, t-an Jose O Mlllf-r, Cat
Mrs s bmltb, Valero C R Scott, Portland
J D Masterson, Cal W H Pearce, Cal
J Paul!, Cal G VV South, Salem
C P Watson. Ashland G Bennell, Salem
R P >flll, Ashland E Br cgs, Ashland
J Morse, Neuman C P Key hi, Cal
J PC oeK. Chicago H slater, Santa Rosa
A Peilman, X V C F TllUy, San >!a:eo
P H Quinn, Kureka Bllai M <iib-o.i, Cal
J Q inn. Eureka v \Y . lbson, rai
JN ureenmeyer. La Mrs S Vaughn, Colusa
J Mead, Heaid.sburg M R I evy, s L obispo
F O Wills, Ibany S X Kent, Cal
X Gray, .-uusaiito J (ileason, San Andreas
F McK^rvey, Vallejo J McCot^rey, Vallejo
II It rodt. balln.is M Lavoisa, San Kittae!
M Demand, San Rafael J Gray, ( -akland
C Tuonias, Sulsun E P Ja?ks. Oakland
J Bhnater, Cal R Brown, c*i
L Davis, Woodland W Bran letter, Cal
C P Jack, Alvarado O Anderson, Alameda
E Roihaus, Ohio T Collins, santa Kosa
H Stephens, Guatemala X L Wright, La
E J Tebo, Butie F P Shepherd, Butte
F F Clausen, T acorns.
LICK HOUSE.
S W Wlble, Bakerstield > H Huff &w, Xapa
J Simpson. Eureka W N Chester. D S N
H Strow bridge, Portland B X Edwards, Stockton
B h. Quinn, Cal F B Erown, >an > eandro
H C Lang, Sacramento W B Hennessy. St Paul
J B Biane, Los Angeles I X Johnson, San Jose
F Sct.oureck, ■ V H M Hah, Wt-avervilie
J c if smusser. San Jose E Manned, Vallejo
R F Allen, Oak and W F Bradiord, souora
V G Frost & Utr, .vierc.d \V C Jbraly, Washington
W H .McMitin, s*an Jose G B Katzenstein, Sacto
C H Jordan, Pasadena X C Api.erson, sta Clara
n. G Piait, Kent, Conn H V Keavls, n V
1 L Delano, ivocKlin D McUanney, Yountvllle
D M istewart, Crows Ldg
palace hotel.
J J Devlin, Oooltt-rville Mrs J S Templln, Los A
Mrs Flnnell, 1 ehama M F Taylor, Denver
J J Badenoch, Chicago 0 T colvin, Denver
Mrs Bauenoch, Cnic.igo E 8 Van Court, Oakland
J M Fraser, tst Joseph Mrs Van Court, Oakland
E C Smith, i hiift .. lphia 1) H >arr, Philadelphia
W H Farr, Phl.adeiphia M P Bos--., Mexico City
A Oemer, Norway S X Smith, Seattle
Miss L S Glenn, Tacoma Mrs S X Smith, Seattle
A G Fos.er, Tacoma T Hopkins <t w, N V
G T Mil,s &w, Carson Miss L Steers, Alameda
R H Stevens, Ingrains A C Richards, Oakland
W W Brewer, conn H Hammund, st Louis
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J S Reynolds, Detroit J H Boyd, Madera
T J Brown, Point Reyes L E Snergron. Montana
Mr Miiche.l & w. Seattle GWRoblnson, Green wood
JWStewart&w.Grnwood J W Potts, Santa Rosa
W W Brown. Haywards C H Hussey, Point Keyes
L Forsburg, Greenwood W Simpson, Seattle
J G Taylor, Seattle J Bergez, Seattle
W Rlchy, -an Ralael V» E r-i>ey, San Kafael
P iloach, Salinas G P Brady, Oakland
C G Kunyon, .■> V J H Franslin, USA
Mrs Jones, Plttsburg j McDonald, Acajutla
L Forsburg, GreeuwoodßJ W Potts, Santa Rosa
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J A Hicks, San Jose F W Thurston <fe w, L A
Miss E E Robertson, Mo E P HiKorn Jr, Suisun
J P Wallace, San Raiael jl> W Long, Oakland
J W Kapro. Los Ang J G \» alker, t. hlcago
G Raun, sonura B McDonnell. Sonora
J G Lewis, Sulsun E Moore Jr, Kans City
T Fitzgerald, San Jose E Graves &w. S L Obis
W Jones, LO3 Adi Miss Wat s, Butte
Miss g Bennett, Victoria Miss J Oukes, Victoria
H A Harris, N V C Morris, Vallejo
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Pates of Departure From San FrancUco.
STKAMKR |DBBTIJfATIOX. |
SAILS.
| pieb.
Iruclcee ....|Loos Bay Sept 9,10 am Pier 8
Weeoti j Kei Xiv« »ept 9.12 it Pier li
State or I Portland SeptlO.llUu Pler2l
Mnnßosa. San Diego . SeptlOlllAii Pier It
Pomona. Humboldtßay septlO. I'm Pier »
Arago Coos Bay septll.lUAM Her 13
Umatllla.... V.c & Pgt Snd Septil. 9am Pier 9
Coosßay.... Newport...... Sepil'2. Pau Pier II
Farallon.... Yaquina Bay. Septl3. Han Pier J
Corona san D1e^0,.... Septl4.llA>i Pierll
Columbia... Portland ...... SeptJo.lOAM l»ler ii
Eureka Newport ..... sepi!6. fAU Pier 1 1
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
>TKAMKR
BOM
DDK
Araso ...••••...
Newport ....
Newsboy..
Yaqulna
I'omona
Coos Bay
Citr of Peking..
Mackinaw .
Faralloa...
Corona
Del None
City Puebla
Columbia
Weeott
Sunoi
Orizaba ......
Crescent City...
Eureka .
Eniplrb
Santa Kosa
North For*
Austral las
S; ate of Ca1 ....
Walla Waila...
Coosßay Sept 9
Panama....... Sept 9
Tillamoolc I »>ept 9
Seattle c e St 9
Humbold.. Bay. ....I. Sept 9
Nuwport ;...; sept 10
China and Japan Sept 10
Tacoma Sent, in
Yaqntna 8av.. ......:." '" sept U
»« Oie«;o. sent 12
Urays Harbor ];. Sept 12
Victoria* Sound.. Sept 12
Portland -dit i
Eel River.... ......■.'.■*'■■■ Sentl-;
Grays Harb0r....... ..'" £w. 14
Mexic0....;...;;;;;; sluit
Crescent City ".'/.I Sept 14
Newport. Sent 1*
Portland ..:.....:. s^llt
San Wmo..v." SeSt 16
Humboldtßav... .l;";'- sSSt 16
Honolulu SenLlß
Victoria « Pucet Sound.. Sent 17
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. a. Coast and Geodetic Sdbvit Tirol
BFILETIS PnßtisHKD BT Official I
Authority o» THKBUPBBIXTE-xDKVT j
Wednesd . September 9 -~
Sun rises 5.47|.\i00n rises
Sun sets d. 26 ; Moon sets ... 7.19pm
September- 1896.
I 11^1 Feeilll^ Feet I«™ Feet H^l F«t
.w
H. W L. W
9 0.30 5.6 6.36
0 1.29 6.4 7.12
1 2.35 5.0 7.51
2 854 4.5 839
H 5.26 4.2 9.-6
4 6.67 4.3 10.36
H \V
1.0 12.46
1.6 1.22
2.2 2.01
2.7 245
3.4 5.40
3.7 4.48
6.7 7.02 0.7
6.8 7.54 0.5
6.9 854 0.3*
5.9 10.01 O.a
6.8 1 11.14 0.1
6.6
Notk- In me above exposition of the tides the
tarty morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in th»
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column Blves the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day except
when thera are 1!" three tides, as sometimes
SSS" Tke heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
rr 1 * 1 "!*' except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtract!™
too* the depth given by the charts. luocrac " T
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch HvnßorjßAPHic Office. V. 8. N., "»
Mkrchants' Kxchangb >•
Sax Fran ISOO. Septemoer 7. 1898. J
The time ball on lele^raoh Hill was droppel
exacMv at noon to-day— l. c.. at noon of the lJDtb
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Ureeuwlch lime.
To-morrow being a holiday, the ball will not be
ropped.
A. F. FSCHTELKB.
Lieutenan' U. 8. V. in char*e.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
TUESDAY, September &
Stmr Alcatraz, Walvlg, 48 hours from Coos
Bay; l.itnh'.-r, 10 Simpson Lumber Co; coal, to
J D Spreckels <& Bros Co.
Simr t'resUetn, Nelson, 10 days 20 hours from
Nu -in agate River; 3300 cs salmon, to Alaska Pack
ers' Assn.
S mr Santa Cruz. Ntcolson. 11 hours from Moss
Landing; produce, to Goodall,* Perkins & Co.
Stmr bant* Rosa, Alexander, 6 Va hours fin San
Diego, etc; pass and mdse. to UoodaU, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney, 26 hoars from Eel
River: pass and mdse, to Buss. Sanders A Co.
stii r N. wport, dearie. 21 days from Panama;
m<U '. to I'ac Mali S 8 Co.
Bark Priifts.a. H arisen, 16 days from Cooks In
let: 3477 cs salmon, to Alaska Packers' Assn.
Bark Ferril S Thompson. Bert: man. 25 dais frm
Bristol Bay; 9000 cs sa'.mon, to Neitn-ch Pack; Co.
So'ir Volant, Erratt, Eagle Point, In tow of lux
Alert
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson. 60 hours from Iver
sens Landing; 90 cds wood, to X Iversen.
Schr Enterprise, Ingwersen, 3 days from Co
lumbia River; 225 M ft lumber, to Geo E Atkinson
Cleared.
TUESDAY, Septembers.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama; P M 8 S Co
Br stmr Annauilaie. .Milne, St. Vincent; Epnin
ger & Co. .]:.:*.
Stmr state of California, Green, Astoria: Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all. Pprklns A Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen, Eureka; Charles
Nelson.
Stmr Navatro, Miller. Cllppenon Island; Oce
anic Phosphate Co.
Prsh.p Cambuskenneth, Kendall, Queenstowni
Balfour, Guthrle A Co.
Ship >ama Clara, Anderson, Sydney: Williams,
Blown A Co.
Br ship Primrose Hall, Wilson, Sydney J J
Moore & Co.
Ship Llewellyn J Morse, Llndberg. Karluk-
Alaska Packers' Assn.
Her bark KohUla, Hoyer. London via Noyo; W
Freese A Co.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, September &
Stmr Eureka. Jepson. San Pedro.
Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc.
• c tmr «ips\\'Le;and. Santa i nit.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, San Jose da
Guatemala.
Btnir Crescent City, Allen, Crescent City.
Stmr Greenwood. Carlson.
Brstmr \:manda!e. Milne. 8t Vincent.
Htmr Scotia. Johnson. Albion.
Stmr A blon. Luidouist. Ne dn» Rock.
Stmr San Benito, Smith. Tacoma.
Ship Santa Clara, A not* rso ■• Sydney.
■ Scnr Etta B, Bourne. fort Ross.
Schr Bender Brothers. Wetzel. H earns Landing.
Schr Del None, Brown, Rogue River.
Schr Joseph and Henry, Christiansen, Coqullle
River.
Schr Elvenia, Johnson.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS, Sept. B—lo p. v.— Weather
cloudy: wind S\V; velocity 20 miles.
Charters.
The schr Jennie Wain loads redwood at Eureka
for Guaymas: Ger bark UohlUa, redwood at Novo,
for London or Liverpool, 22s fid; bk 11 bkagit. lum
ber at Port Gamble, for Honolulu Dan ba-k Ter
cera. salmon at Victoria for London, 3.->u.
Wheat char ers prior to arrival are the Br shin
Cawdor, Kurope. 27s bd; Brahip Lord Cairns, for
Europe 30s, Cace Town 30s; Br ship Dunflon, 27s
Ud.
Auk 19. lat 9 S, 28 W-Br ship Flintshire, rrom
Cardiff, tor San Francisco.
auk 21, lat 48 N, 12 W— Brshlp Glfford, from
Swansea, for San Francisco.
Domestic Forts.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Sept 6-Stmr Del
None, hence Sept 2. Sept 6— Scar Fannie Adele,
hence auk If*.
SOUTH BEND— Sept 8— Schr North
Bend, hence An? 20. .
BAN DON- sailed Sept 7-Schr Mary Gilbert,
for an Francisco. ;:..■' ■
EUREKA— Arrived Sept 8-Schr Mary Buhne
hence Aue 5»5.
Sailed sept B— Stmr Pomona and schr Sparrow,
for San Francisco.
PORT HADLDCK— Arrived Sept B— Schr Ida
Schaauer, from Pore Clarence.
U>AL— Arrived Sept 7— -stmr West port, hence
Sept 6.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 4— Ship Clarence S
Bennet , from Shanghai.
siu'pii Sept 7— -chr Zampa, for Gnaymas: Nor
bark Fortuna, for Melbourne. Sept h— Bktn Mon
itor for ban Francisco
ALBION- Arrived S*d' B— <umr Alice Blanch
ar.l. hence Sept 7, for Portland.
ASTORlA— Arrived Sept. B— Stmr Empire, hnca
Sept 2.
.DEVILBISS LANDING— SaiIed Sept B— scar
Daisy Rowe, for San Francisco. .
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 8-dtmr Gem, for San
Francisco
BOW ENS LANDlNG— Arrived Sept B— Schr
Monterey, hence Sept 7.
Milled Sept B— Schr Newark, for San Francisco.
M EN DOCINO— SaiIed Sept 8— sour W S Phelps,
for San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
WATFRFORD— Arrived Sept 4— Br ship Ard
namurcban, hence May 9.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived Sept 4— Br bark Bass
Rock, hence June 5.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Sept 7— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, from Vancouver.
COLON-Salled Sept 4-s.mr Allianca, for NeT
York.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Sept 7— Br ship Large Law.
Importations.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— bzs lemons.
80 cs spices, 1 bx labels, 1 cs Chinese (roods. 115
bdls dry fish, 38 pcs lumber. 4 pcs iron. 1 bx cast
ings, 1 cs drugs, 1 bx gas stoves, 1 t>x machinery.
4 bxs limes, 2 bxs ed, 211 sks dr apricots, 24 ct
honey. 40 bxs lemon extract, 6 bxs oranges. 1 box
shirts, 1 bx preserves.
Redondo— 3 bxs garden seed, 1 bdl carpet, 2 bxa
3bb 8 pickles. 24 pkgs household Roods, 10 coils
copper wire. 3 cs strap wire, 8 hf-obls 5 bbls mess
beef, 1 bx groceries. 3 cs stove castings, 3 pcs Iron
p pc, 3 bdls do. 1 bdl shovels, 1 bbl rope, 14 bbls
Iron pipe fittings, 1 bdl hair felt.
- Port Los Angeles— l nf- obi 34 puncheons wine,
SI chilp's. 15 bxs oranges, 3 cs dry goods, 1 crt
carpet samples, 20 pkgs household goods, 2csdr
apples, 1 bdl rubber.
Santa Barbara— ls2 bxs lemons, 3 crts bicycles,
I pkg hardware, 1 bbl 4 hf-bbls tallow, 1 bx fish,
IB S£s crawfish.
San Luis Oblspo— sks barley, 100 sks beans,
10 sks peas. .
Santa Maria— 23o sks beans, 333 sks barley. 143
sks oats.
Harris— l 97 sks wheat.
Los 011v05— 2430 sks wheat.
Port. Harford— 27 Ddls hld»s, Ics sawboards, 1
cs lamps, 3 bdls ca*tlncs, 1 bdl Iron, 3 c» cheese, 1
bx hardware. 14 kegs nails, 38 cs bottles, 61 bales
wool. 1 cs frames. 5 bxs butter, 18 cs eggs. 108 sks
dr apricots, 21 sksdr prunes, 101 bis apples, 29
dressed calves, 4 bxs ' pears, 9 coops chickens. 2
coops turkeys, 1 coop poultry, 18 bxs fish.
MOSS UNDING-Per Santa Crus-1735 ski
oats, 1020 sks barley, 240 sks potatoes.
MoroCojo— 99l sks potatoes, 8319 sks barley.
Salinas— l2B6 sks barley.
Watson ville— 32.*> sks oats.
SH KLTER COVE— Per Weott— 2 bbls bottles.
Port Kenyon— 7 kegs 223 bxs butter. 167 hogs, 1
cs books, HO cds stavebolts, 1 coop chickens. 1 cs
fruit. 1 bd! dressed calves.
PANAMA Per Newport— 3B2 pkgs mdse. 494
pkcs pal its and oils. 153 ptegs paper. 1 box limes.
2001 pkgs soup. 1000 pk«s lye. 663 cs hardware,
BB6pkgi stamped ware, 600 pkgs tin plate, 25 cs
plated ware, 489 bb!s oil and paint, 88 bbls mdse,
71 bbls hardware, 118 bbls eaith en ware, 200 bbls
starch, 30 bbls lo s, 71"< bxs limes. 30 kegs nails,
145 bale oakum, llo bales dry goods. 131 pcs pipe.
450 pk«s wire, 171 colls roDe, 219 bags coffee. 10
bags linger, 2 bdls hides, 1 bale rubber, 1 parcel,
41 parrots, 17 pkgs treasure.
Consignees.
Per Santa Cruz— W McNear: Wolf <fc Son; S
P Milling Co: Balfour. Guth le .v Co. H Dutard.
Per Newport— L G Srescvich A Co; Castlo Bros;
J D Spree -els & Bros Co; Dunham. Carrlgan &Co:
Wieland Brewing Co; J Ivancovich & Co: Berlin
& Leporl: Schwartz. i.owe & Co; J Tl Wright: O It
Merry: J Piuet <fc Co; Suiter & Co: Sperry Flour
Co: FLuche:ti; Geo Caswell <fc Co: P.irke. Lacy
<&Co; Garcia&Magglnl; Stockton Milling Co: G
Her.i; Chinese merchants: Mutton & Donxlado;
Hy man Bros; Oriental Warehouse; J Gundlach
&Co; J C Meyerink; Cabrera, Roma &Co; L F
Lastreto; Martin**sli Uros.
Per Weott— Panders & Co; Wltzel A Baker
Brigham. HopDe A Co: Norton, Teller & Co: Mil
mer. Bredboff <t .^chulz: Ross Hewlett: Miller A
Lux: v B Smith & Co: c E Whitney A Co: Catho
lic Art and Book Co: P B U%l«tit: Hills 3ro?; J H
Newbaucr & Co; Wilson <fc Baechtel; Dodge, Swee
ney & Co: Dairymen's Union: H N TUden <& Co ;
M Kallsh & Co;"Wi»:-nd Ure.vlni Co; Marshall A
Keimers: LDa lma & CO: l. Schweitzer <fe Co; 8
II Fry: D Doiiovso; E t rprise Brewery. -
Per Santa Rosa— Nathan, Dohrmann A Co: Her
man W» deck; Baker & Hamilton: Cal Ko-.Ung Co:
Slnsheimerßros: Smith's Cash Store: Hawley Bros
Haraware Co; Dairymen's Union: APaladini: W
5.M uiil ; De Bernard! A Co; L G Sresovich A Co;
Dodge. Sweeney A i o; Hllmer, BredholTds -jchulz; *
H Heckman & Co: E R Stevens <fe Co. Pac Coast
Fish Co: Witzel & Baker; Moore, Ferguson &Co ;
D E Allison A Co ; Western Meat Co; Suniet T and
T Co: -L D Stone A Co: G Camillonl A Co: Mark
L*vy A Co: American Union Fish Co; Sanders &
Near: -Moore, Ferguson Co: J Ivaucovlcn Co;
Bassett &. Bunker: Kissinger & Co; Milanl Co:
Wetmoreßro3; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; H Duiard;
Judson .MfgCo: B r.in i^rpuri: ilard Lee: J
B Ingaglla;- Marshall A R^tiuers: Weste;n Pre
serve Cycle Co: J M L:tcefljld: C -M Volkman;
8. udebnker Bros; California Wine A*sn:M D
Vaaveile*: W S Waison; Schweitzer A Co; Good
year Rubber Co: J M Woodthorp; H Rvan: Haas,
Bari-.cn A t o; E J Bowen A Co; W C Price A Co;
Sherwood A Sherwoo : Eveleth <fe Nash: Osmond,
Skine & Co: -an Francisco Brewing Co: Lacti nan
&J.»cobv: Daiton Bros; Campodonlco<S; Malcolm*
Gray & Barbierl . Levl Spiegel A Co; Wolf A Son*
M T Freitas & Co; Pac Pos. al Tel Co; order; F H
Ames & Co: California I'owrter Works: -X Bec>-
man: a 11 T»v & Co: Wilson A Baechtel; Co urn
bla C an 1 S Co: Del Monte Milling Co; R M Wood-
T ii Barnes; M S Slmas: Cali.ornin. Construction
Co; lac all-paper Co: ,H. HuJdleston; Futon
Engine Works: FA Week; Troy Laundry and
Machine Co; A Pollock; Cas le Bros; McLau'chlln
A Frye; Wm Mebach; J S Browned; E H Wood
worta: 8 F Short & Co; Bell <fcCo: H O Green
wood; J W Gale A Co. " Q
Ibr Late Shipping Intelligence See Eleventh rage *Interesting News Items From Alameda County.
SOLDIERS' HOME
TROUBLE REOPENED
Veteran Thomas Files New
Charges as a Citi
zen.
SEVERAL ALLEGATIONS.
At a Former Inquiry They Were
Declared to Be Un
founded.
ARE BEING INVESTIGATED
Have Been Referred by the State
Board of Examiners to the
Secretary ot State.
Oaklakd Offici San Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 8. J
The trouble over the Soldiers' Home at
Youniville has broken out again, and an
other long list of alleged defections has
been presented to the State Board of Ex
aminers.
A few months ago Lyon Post brought a
lot of charges against the management of
the home, and after an official inquiry the
charges were declared to be unfounded
and the post was suspended for ninety
days lor matting public the charges before
they had been submitted to the depart
ment commander.
Thiß time no post has tak«n the respon
sibility of attacking the management of
the home, but they have been framed by
one of the best-known veterans of Oak
land, W. R. Thomas of Appomatox Post.
He makes the charges, however, in his
private capacity as a citizen.
The communication filed with the State
Board of Examiners is lengthy, but the
following extracts express briefly the na
ture of the charges :
Your petitioner, upon his information i>nd
belief, represents that, for more than five
years last past, the funds and moneys so ap
propriated for said home, as aforesaid, have
been and are being, from time to time, by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home As-
Bociatlon, a private corporation (which said
board has assumed the sole and exclusive con
trol, management and application of said
moneys, and the whole thereof) diverted and
mUapplied, to wit:
The sum of $3000, or more, has been and
is being used and applied annually to ihe
payment of salaries of officers of the Veterans'
Home Association and for office rents and in
cidental expenses incurred by said officers in
the City and County of San Francisco and that
all of the offices and the principal place of
business of said Veterans' Home Association, a
corporation, have always been and are located
at and in said City and County of San Fran
cisco except the commandant and medical
director of said home, whose offices are lo
cated at laid home.
That a large percentage of said appropria
tions have been and are being misapplied and
diverted by said board of directors annually in
this: Said funds have been and are being used
in improvements and buildings upon the
grounds of said home and in paying up den
ciences and losses occasioned by said board
and Us officers in their mismanagement and
misapplication of said funds.
That said Veterans' Home Association is and
for a long time has been engaged in conduct
ing and running in its corporate name a sa
loon upon the grounds of said home and in
the immediate vicinity thereof, in which
liquors and beverages in common use in sa
loons are sold and dispensed to the inmates of
said home and others at a large profit to the as
sociation : that the proceeds of said saloon
and the business thereof, and also a large
amount of money derived quarterly from pen
sions paid by the Government to the inmates
of sala home, are paid to and deposited with
the so-called treasurer of said Veterans' Home
Association, and the said moneys derived from
said saloon business and by said association
used and appropriated as its directors see fit;
that said treasurer is under no bond or under
taking tor the sate keeping of said moneys de
rived from said saloon or from said pension! or
any part thereof.
The petitioner concludes by asking Gov
ernor Budd, who is president of the State
Board of Examiners, to order a thorough
investigation.
The charges were read before the board
and referred to the Secretary of State in
order that they might be investigated.
Public Improvements.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— The joint
committees from the Board of Trade,
Merchants' Exchange and Good-roads
Association, and consisting of Messn>.
John A. Britton. J. P. Taylor, W. V.
Witcher, M. J. Keller, Beth Mann, George
Roeth, J. F. W. Schost, D. C. Brown, F.
Sinclair, E. C. Sessions, D. Edwards Col-
Jins and A. D. Pryal, met last evening at
the eas company's office and organized by
selecting Mr. Burton chairman.
The committee is to consider park and
street improvement?, but it will probably
become a permanent organization, with
regular dates for meeting, when subjects
of general interest connected wiih the de
velopment of the city will be discussed.
School Funds.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— County Su
perintendent of i-cbools J. f. Garlick pre
sented to the Supervisors this morning
the following estimate of the minimum
amount of county school money needed
for the ensuing year as rf quired, by sec
tion 1617 of the Political Code of the State :
"Estimated number of teachers 451, at
$500 per teacher, $215,500. Minimum
amount to be raised by county tax: Num
ber of census child ten 28,491, at $6 each,
$170,946. It is therefore my estimate that
$170,046 is the minimum amount of school
money to be raised by the county tax for
the ensuing year."
Officers Elected.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept B.— The annual
meeting of the West Oakland Home was
held yesterday, when the following officers
were chosen: President, Mrs. William H.
Crocker; vice-president, Mrs. J. P. Ames;
treasurer, Mrs.William Kirk; correspond
ing secretary, Mrs. J. M. Hinkle; record
ing secretary, Mrs. J. Alex Campbell;
physician, Dr. Van Kirk; board of man
agers—Mrs. L. A. Wormwood, Mrs. J. C.
Richards, Mrs. A. A. White, Mrs. C. W.
Kinsey, Mrs. O. C. Wheeler, Mrs. Park
Fellows. Mrs. H. B. Miller, Mrs. Bur'btnk,
Mrs. G. W. Armes, Mrs. A. A. Jacobs and
iliss Grace Leroy.
Short Holographic Will.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. a— One of the
shortest holographic wills ever presented
for probate in this county was that of Mrs.
M. A. Kelly, presented to-day by Mamie
A. Grimm. It read :
ALASTZDA, March 20, 1896.
I Mary Ann Kelly, do hereby will- and be
queath to my daughter, Mrs. C. W. Grimm, nee
Mamie A. Kelly, all my real and personal
property. Mes. M. A. Kelly.
A Cano and a Warrant.
OAKLAND. Cal., 6ept. B.— Pedro de
Almeida filed a remarkable communica
tion with Prosecuting Attorney Melvin
this afternoon. Almeida is an officer of
the Portuguese Fiscal Guard and was
formerly Chief of Police of LisDon. He is
a personal friend of Father Gloria of the
Portuguese Catholic Church, and Father
Gloria lent him his valuable cane. An
tonio Pereira, who is a tailor, says Al
meida, circulated the story that Almeida,
who is editor of a Portuguese paper, had |
stolen the priest's cave, and now tne j
editor wants his enemy arrested. Both
men are of considerable prominence in
the Portuguese colony, and the affair has
caused quite a sensation. A warrant for
the tailor has not yet been issued.
As a Mark of Respect.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— The body of
Hugh Wilson, who was drowned at
Antioch yesterday, was recovered this
afternoon and arrived in Oakland to
night on the Stockton local. On account
of the sad event Oakland Parlor, N. S.
G. W. t has abandoned its official trip to
Stockton, and those who so will go as in
dividuals.
Sanitary District.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— A petition
was presented to the Supervisors to-day
by thirty-eight residents of the Leona
Heights district requesting that the neces
sary steps be taken to form a sanitary dis
trict east of the Fruitvale sanitary dis
tricts. A protest signed by three men
was presented, and tne whole thina went
over until Mr. Talcott could be present.
i Chief Bndenock.
OAKLAND, Ual.. Sept. B.— Chief of
Police J. J. Badenoch of Chicago and wife
arrived in the city last evening and went
to the Santa Cruz Mountains this morn
ins to be with a son, who is lying there
seriously ill. He is a personal friend of
ex-Mayor W. R. Davis and will likely visit
him before he returns to Chicago.
MORNING BLAZE.
Chief Fair Quite Positive That It Was
of Inoendlarjr Origin.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— Smoke was
discovered issuing from George Cashmore'a
hardware-store on Broadway this morning
about 1-.SO o'clock. A still alarm was
turned in, and when the department
arrived the front door was forced. The
store was filled with smoke as well as the
piano warerooms above. The tire was lo
cated in the basement, where paints are
stored. Some very heavy sacks saturated
with oil were found between some oil
cases. The blaze would have broken out
in a short time more and spread to tbe
oil.
The store was tbe scene of a good sized
conflagration iast April, when the damage
reached $60,000, mostly from water and
the oily smoke. The tire was then sup
posed to have been due to spontaneous
combustion, but Chief Fair is very
emphatic in his declarations that this
time it was incendiary. Mr. Cashmore
said he was at home and in bed when some
one aroused him saying his store was on
fire again.
Laice Merritt, According to the Plans Submitted to the City Council and Oakland Board of Trade by R. D.
Yelland, the Well-Known Artist.
JOAQUIN IS REPENTANT.
Will Atone for the Past by Stock
ing Fruitvale Heights With
Pheasants.
Numbers of the Handsome Birds Are
Now on the Way From His
Brother's Farm in Oregon.
Oakland Office San Fbanctsco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 8. j
Joaquin Miller has decided to add a
pheasantry to his home at Oakland
Heights. For a long time Mr. Miller has
been anxious to do something for Oakland.
It is an act of repentance on his part for
past sins.
A few months ago Joaquin Miller said
many things about this city of which its
residents did not approve. Among other
things the poet of the Heights compared
its progress to that of the snail. All of
this hurt, and Mr. Miller was replied to
in language which was not at all poetic to
the man of hexameters and petameters.
Now it is reported that he has relented,
and he has contracted with his brother,
George M. Miller, of Eugene, Or., to ship
him enough pheasants to make this part
of the county look more ornamental.
Seventeen beautiful Chinese pheasants are
now on the way, and Joaquin Miller will
turn them loose on his place. It is partic
ularly requested that no one should shoot
them or molest them, as they will soon,
if left alone, scatter all over the hills and
be a very acceptable addition to the birds
of the redwoods.
The birds already on the way are about
half grown and are healthy specimens of
the Chinese pheasant. More will be sent
as soon as they can be caught and shipped.
• ♦ — >
New Time Card.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept B.— The South
ern Pacific Company, figuring to make
faster time and better connections, is at
work on a time card for the Sunset route.
It is to go into effect the 20th inst The
southern overland, which now leaveß here
at 5 p. M. will leave at 9 a. m., and the Los
Angeles express, which leaves at 9 a. m.,
will leave at SP. M. The time of arriv&l
of the southern overiand will be changed
from 10:15 A. M. to 4:45 p. it., and of the
Los Angeles express from 4:45 p. m. to
10:15 a. m.
The average watch is composed of 175
different pieces, comprising upward of 2400
separate and distinct operations in its
manufacture. The balance makes 18.000
beats or vibrations per hour, 12,960.080 in
thirty days, 157,680,000 in one year. It
travels 3558% miles in one year.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
LAKE MERRITT A
THING OF BEAUTY
Artist Yelland Submits a
Plan to the City
Council.
ISLANDS AND BRIDGES.
With Driveways and Grass
Plats It Would Resemble a
Parisian Boulevard.
GENERAL DEMAND FOR A PARK
Board of Trade and West Oakland
Improvement Clnb Are Interested
in the Project.
Oaklakd Office Saw Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Sept. 8. )
R. D. Yelland, the artist, has submitted
to tbe City Council and the Board of
Trade an artistic plan for beautifying Lake
Merritt.
The immediate importance of doing
something that will materially add to
Oakland's attractions as a place of resi
dence has been brought forward by the
Board of Trade, the West Oakland Im
provement Club and the City Council,
and it is probable that the new tax levy
will include an appropriation for the
public park, though the details and loca
tion of such have not yet been determined.
Mr. Yelland's idea is clearly set forth in
a large plan which he has prepared and
submitted for the debate of those having
the matter in charge. He calls it "An
Artist's Suggestions for the Improvement
of the Lake in Oakland."
These improvements involve:
The purchase of several acres on Adams
Point for a small park.
A change in the line ol the boulevard to the
rear of this Dark.
The construction of three small islands and
three bridges (for pedestrians only).
The widening of the Twelfth-street dam and
Twelfth street from Oak street to First avenne,
with carriage way and grass plats similar to a
Parisian boulevard.
The purchase of a small park on the east
boulevard and one on the west at the new
bridge.
Points to be filled out Into the lake for tree
planting.
No mention is made by Mr. Yelland
of the cost ot the suggested improve
ments, but the surrounding propertv
owners, who would be the first to reap the
benefit, will undoubtedly accord the pro
ject substantial encouragement.
Lake Merritt and the Piedmont Baths
on the north form one of the prettiest
scenic pictures in the county, and with
the simple, yet artistic, suggestions of Mr.
Yelland the district couFd be made re
markably attractive.
THEY FROWN ON RUSHES
Censure ior Co-Eds Who Carried
Water to the Wounded
Students.
Four Eastern Professors Visiting the
State in the Interest of
National Parks.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. B.— Daylight
"rushes" on the Berkeley campus similar
to the one which took place yesterday aft
ernoon will probably never occur again.
The professors have frowned on the prac
tice, the college daily has condemned the
performance as semi-barbaric, and the
university community ai large has taken
up the matter as a topic for fireside dis
cussion. The freshmen and sophomores
who were tae contestants in the midday
melee received the condemnation of the
faculty at their meeting yesterday, for
cutting recitations and engaging in disor
derly conduct on the campus. But worst
of all the co-eds who participated in the
affair to the extent of cutting loose the
bound and carrying water to and comfort
ing the wounded, received the greatest dis
approbation.
The university daily came out with a
lengthy editorial this morning, in which
the strongest sentiment against the rush
of yesterday was expressed.
In conversation with one of the head
professors to-day, it was learned that a
quietus was about to be put by the presi
dent on daylight rushing within the uni
versity reservation. "The faculty here,"
said he, "are very lenient with the stu
dents. In fact, they are the most lenient
of any of the faculties in tbe first ten uni
versities in America. We do not wish to
come down hard on the students, but we
shall be forced to do so if the scenes of
yesterday noon are reproduced."
Distinguished Visitors Coming.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. B.— The Uni
versity of California will be visited in a
few days by a committee of four distin
guished Eastern professors, who are mak
ing an extended tour of the United States
in the interest of National parks. The
committee consists of Professor C. S. Sar
gent, director of the Arnold arboretum of
Harvard University and Editor of Garden
and Forest; Professor William H. Brewer,
head of ttie department of agriculture at
Yale, and formerly a member of the Cali
fornia Geological Survey; Gifford Pinchot,
forester of Vanderbilt's Biltmore estate in
North Carolina, and Dr. Arnold Hague, a
distinguished Eastern professor of for
estry.
This committee was appointed by act of
the last session of Congress on the recom
mendation of the National Academy of
Science for the purpose of ascertaining
the condition of the various National
forest reservations, and to make a report
which would lead to an act intended for
the more careful preservation of these for
ests. They have already visited Montana,
Idaho, Washington and Oregon and are
now visiting' California. After visiting
Berkeley they will go the Yosemite and
and then switch to the Sequoia and other
small National parks of the State.
Hayne After the Judgeshlp.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. B.— Town At
torney Brewton A. Hayne, U. C. '83, is
out for the Democratic nomination for
Superior Judge of Alameda County. He
is the brother of ex-Judge R. Y. Hayne of
the Supreme Court and is at the present
time one of the trustees of the State In
stitute for the Deaf, Dumb and Blind in
Berkeley.
Three Small Fires.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. B.— About 1
o'clock to-day the Metcalf Cyclery took
fire from a pile of oil-soaked cloths in
the workshop in which a cigarette had
been dropped. The blaze was extin
guished before much damage was done.
Last evening at about 6 o'clock a rire at
Derby and Grove streets destroyed about
six tons of hay.
A fire broke out in the barn of Mrs.
Robinson on Blake street yesterday after
noon, and the building was destroyed.
Vaccination to Go On.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. 8 The Board
of Education at the meeting last night,
settled once for all the much-vexed ques
tion of vaccination in the public schools of
Berkeley. Health Officer Rowell was au
thorized to proceed with his wore:.
It was decided to permit pupils who
have not been vaccinated to defer doing
so until vacation, if desirable. Dr. Rowell
expressed the desire that, whero possible,
the family physician be employed. Oth
erwise, he will do the work free of cost.
Blast Learn Vertical Writing.
BERKELEY, Cal., Bept B.— Hereafter
the Dupils of the primary grades in the
Berkeley public schools will be taught the
California system of vertical writing,
rather than the old system which
has been in practice for so many years.
Only three grades will be taught the new
system this year. From year to year the
higher grades will be taught.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happening* Told In
Brief Chapters.
To-morrow, September 9, being a legal holi
day, the courts and all county office* will be
closed.
The executive committee or the North Oak
land Improvement Club has issued a call for a
meeting in Golden West Hall to-morrow even
ing.
The Alaxneds, Republican drill corps will
hold a meeting Saturday night to make ar
rangements for the county convention, which
assembles on September 1.
The Alert baseball team of Alameda will
leave for Los Angeles on Thursday to ; take
part in the final Kames of the tournament. It
will travel in a special -I£E3§JS3f
Mrs. A. F. Traban and children, wife of Gen
eral Yardmaster Trahan of Oakland, has re
turned home after a month's visit to Consta
ble C. W. Long and wife of Trnckee. , •
Thirty-five or more members of Alameda
Parlor and twenty-five of Halcyon Parlor N
8. G. W., left by boat and train to-day for the
9th of September cele oration at Stockton.
Andrew Root, alias Raymond, alias Nesbitt,
alias Wood, the "assayer 5 .' of the gold brick
trio, is now walking the streets of Oakland
temporarily a free man, having given bonds in
the sum of $7500.
: The Alameda ■ Republicans are already be
ginning to make preparations for the coming
county convention, to bo held in that city on
the 26th. Armory Hall bas been engaged for
the occasion and will be Drofusely decorated
with flags and banners.
A mass-meeting will be held under the
auspices of the Republican State Centr&i Com
mittee, on the U6th inst., at the Tabernacle.
W. R. Davis, S. M. Shortridce and others
will address the meeting, which will be pre
sided over by Victor H. Metcalf.
There are over 800 unvaccinated pupils In
the Berkeley public schools, according to re
ports received last night by the Board of Edu
cation, as submitted by Principals Waterman
and Warn icke, and show tnat nearly 500 of
the pupils who have not been vaccinated are
in East Berkeley.
Mrs. Alice P. Carr, who came to this city
from Guerneville a month ago to take the
Christian Science treatment under F. J.
Fluno, died at the latter's residence, 1319
Grove street, this morning. As the latter was
deprived of his license as a physician some
time ago he cannot sign the death cer
tificate.
GOOD RACES PROMISED.
Alameda Horsemen Join the
National Association of
Trotters.
A Pioneer's Funeral — The Woman's
Suffrage Picnic— An Evening of
Old Songs.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept B.— The Ala
meda Driving Association is now a mem
ber of the National association and will
have tbeir first meet under the new con
ditions on Saturday, September 26, and if
it is found impossible to finisn on that day
tbe following Saturday will be used. The
races and number of entries at this time
are: Time race, indefinite number; 3:00
mixed race for trotters and pacers, seven
entries; 2:40 trotting race, nine entries;
2:35 pacing race, four entries; 2:27 trot
ting race, three entries; 2:25 pacing race,
three entries.
A "cooling-off" shed is also to be built
upon the track.
Kvenlnc of Old Songs.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. B.— The King's
Daughters of the First Congregational
Church have arranged the following pro
gramme for their "Evening of Old Song,"
which takes place in the church parlors
Thursday evening:
Male quartet, "Robin Adalr" (arranged by
Dudley Buck), Plymouth quartet; tenor solo
(a) "The Bloom Is on the Rye" (BUhoi>); (6)
"Mary of Argyle" (Nelson), E. i). Crandall;
character sketch, "Was She Justified" (Halh
day), Miss Anne Kavanaugh; solo, "When
Stars Are in the Quiet Skies." Miss Mary Jack
bon ; chnracter sketch, "Jane O'Shea's Opinion
of Hamlet" (Schumacher), Miss Anne Kava
nflugh; male quartet, "Nellie Was a Lady"
(Foster-Smttn). Plymouth qbartet; solo, "The
Hills of God (Nevin), S, Homer Henley; read
ing (selected), Miss Anne Kavanaugh; solo, I
"The Ivy Green" (Bot), C. L. Parent Jr. ; char
acter sketch, '-Mrs. Brown at the Play," Miss
Anne Kavanaugh.
Henry Wyman'i Condition.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept B.— Henry Wy
man, who was injured so seriously by a
"buffine machine" in San Francisco last
Thursday, is not expected to live until
morning. He is at the sanitarium, under
the care of Dr. Reynolds, who declares the
case hopeless. He is being cared for by
the Masons, of whose society he is a mem
ber in high standing. He recently came
from Red Bluff, and has resided at 1233
Park street
A Sad Holiday.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept. B.— The funeral
of the late A. 8. Barber, the pioneer Post
master, who died yesterday morning, will
be held from the family residence, 1321
High street, to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock instead of Thursday, as announced.
This was the family's desire at first, but at
the request of the Society of California
I'ioneers it was set for Thursday in order
that they might attend. Later the date
was changed back to Wednesday. The
pioneers will not attend in a oody.
He Is Identified.
ALAMEDA, CaI., Sept.B.— Ah Tim, who
was badly beaten by highbinders Satnrdav
night, to-day identified Ah Sam, who was
arrested within an hour after the affair,
and swore to two complaints, charging
him with assault to murder and assault
with a deadly weapon. The examination
of Ah Sam will be set on Thursday.
No Business To- Day.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Sept B.— Admission
day wili be observed by the city officials
as a holiday. All of the offices in the City
Hall will be closed, as will be the schools,
library and banks. The postofflre will be
open on the Sunday schedule and make
one delivery. Chief of Police Rogers is in
Stockton with the Native Sons.
Woman Suffrage Picnic.
| ALAMEDA, Ual., Sept. S.— lo-morrow
(Admission day) will be observed as a
grand rally day by the Woman Suffragists.
All of the Eastern speakers now on the
coast, including Miss Shaw, Miss Anthony.
Miss i E. Hay ;md Miss Mollie Conners and
Dr. Kellogg- Lane of Oakland will attend
the picnic which has been arranged ior at
Leona Heights. All have an invi
tation to take their basket and spend a
day in the country.
THE NEW BATTLE-SHIPS.
An Interesting Question Arises in Relation
to the Awarding of Contracts for
Their Construction.
NEW YORK, N. V., Sept. B.— A Tribune
special from Washington says: An inter
esting legal question has arisen in relation
to the construction of the recent act of
Congress authorizing the building of tnree
new battle-ships. Four firms have made
application to the Navy Department for
copies of plans of the vessels. These are
the Cramps, the Newport News Company,
the Bath Iron Works and the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco.
The question which has come up is how
many vessels can be built on the Pacific
Coast. The law which authorizes the con
struction of these vessels provides that no
more than two are to be built by any one
private firm or navy-yard. This is held
by some of those to mean that if a Pacific
Coast firm bid for the three ships is the
lowqst that company cannot get the con
tract for more than two. In other words,
that the Did for one of these vessels, al
though less in amount than that of an
Eastern establishment, would have to be
rejected under the law.
The reverse opinion is entertained by
some naval officers, who say that the
lowest responsible bidder, if a private con
cern, may be authorized to build all the
vessels. No special attention is given to
that part of the act which relates to the
construction of vessels in navy yards, as
this is a matter that the SecretarY of the
Navy can regulate in case he "rinds it
necessary to divide the work among the
different stations.
Another clause of the appropriation act
reads that one of the ships may be built
on the Pacific Coast, provided the addi
tional cost to the Government is not
greater than 4 per cent. But this clause
says: "One. ana not more than one ship,
may ba constructed on the Pacific
Coast."
To one not versed in legal technicalities,
this would seem to be explicit in prohibit
ing an award to the Union Iron Works,
for example, of a contract for two or three
of the ships. Yet it is contended by some
officials that, taking the clause referred to
in connection with other provisions of the
act, a different construction can be piaced
upon it.
The question involved is one of much
interest to shipbuilders, of course. It is
now under consideration at the Navy De
partment, and a decision will be made
before the contracts are entered into by
tbe Government, possibly before the bids,
recently called for by Secretary Herbert,
are opened.
SMITENONEMN INSTITUION.
The Fiftieth Anniversary of the Found
ing of the Center of Sience.
WASHINGTON, Sept 8. — Yesterday
was the fiftieth anniversary of the found
ing of the Smithsonian Institution and
the first time in fifty years that there had
been no annual meeting of the Board of
Regents. The omission was due to the ab
sence from the United States of Secretary
Langley and the death yesterday evening
of Dr. George Brown Goode, the acting ex
ecutive officer of this greatest of scientific
establishments in the United States. The
curators and assistants of the Smithsonian
and the National Museum, however, met
this morning and appointed a committee
I to prepare resolutions for adoption before
! the funeral of Professor Goode to-morrow
afternoon,whicii they decided to attend in
a body. Dr. Goode was engaged at the
time of his death on a history of the fifty
years' accomplishments of the institution,
j which he joined in 1873.
The regents of the Smithsonian Institn
! tion are: The President of the United
States (ex-officio), Chief Justice Fuller,
Vice-President Stevenson, Senators Mor
rill of Vermont, Cuilom of Illinois and
Gray of Delaware, Representatives Wheeler
of Alabama, Hitt of Illinois and Adams
Jr. of Pennsylvania and ex-Senator J. B.
Henderson, Professor J. B. Angell of
Michigan, Andrew D. White of New York,
William Preston Jonnston of North Caro
lina, Gardner G. Hubbard of Washington,
D. C, and Postmaster-General Wilson.
HRILLIANT RELETARS WEDDING
The Honeymoon Will Re Spent on the
Pacific Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept B.— Miss
Carolyn Morrow of this city and Lieuten
ant John Lewis Chamberlain will be mar
ried Wednesday at Narragansett Pier. It
will be a brilliant military affair. Miss Mar
caret Prescott, half sister of the bride, will
be maid of honor. The best man will be
Captain Allen of Governors Island. Miss
Morrow's gown will be of white satin, i
trimmed with rare old lace, which was
first worn by her mother. The maid of
honor will' wear gray and white taffeta
silk. A wedding breakfast will be served
after the ceremony at the summer villa of
the Rev. Mr. Prescott. Lieutenant and
Mrs. Chamberlain will depart immedi
ately upon their wedding journey to the
Pacific Coast.
A FATHER'S FENUEANCE.
JStabs to Ttraih the Betrayer of His Crip-
pled Daughter.
RICMOND, Va., Sept. B.— A terrible
tragedy wsa enacted early to-night on
Broad street, the principal retail business
thoroughfare of the city.
James E. Wimmer, aged 46, a native of
Wythe County and a blacksmith working
at the Richmond Locomotive Works,
stabbed nnd killed S. G. Thatheimer, son
of Charles Thatheimer, a well-known
liquor merchant.
The cause of the homicide was the al
leged betrayal of Wimmer 1 s partially
paralyzed daughter by young Thatheimer.
Wimmer.who was hunting for Thatheimer,
came up with him on the street, caught
hold of him and after stabbing him in
three places threw him off. Thatheimer
walked about half a block and then fell
dead. Wimmer sought a policeman and
surrendered himseif.
Successful Cadet Candidates.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept. B.— Among
the candidates who have passed success
ful examinations into the Naval Academy
as cadets are: F. J. Hellweg, Baltimore;
Abraham C. Howard, Annapolis; Charles
P. Train, son of Commander C. J. Train,
United States navy; Robert Menner,
Pennsylvania: W. R. Wortman, Montana;
Robert Merritt, Utah; Scott M. Thomp
son, Florida; Charles T. Wood, New Jer
sey; R. A. Abernathy, Texas; Luke
Wright, Tennessee; L. Noa, Tennessee;
P. D. Dearborn, Virginia; Frank Berrien,
Iowa; George F. Blair, Michigan; John
Rhue, Indiana; Walter N. Vernon, Mich
igan: S. W. Bryant, Pennsylvania; P. J.
F. Mann, New York; Hayne Ellis,Georgia,
Death of a Prominent Divine.
ALBANY. N. V., Sept B.— The Rev.
Philip Phelps, D. D., one of the most
prominent clergymen of the Reformed
(Dutch) Church, died yesterday at the resi
dence of his sister in this city. He was
called in 1859 to the principalship of the
Holland Academy in Michigan, which in
1869 was incorporated as Hope College, of
which Dr. Ptielps became the first presi
dent, and he held that office until his
resignation in 1878.
Yellow fever in Cuba,
WASHINGTON, D. OL, Sept. B.— The
malignancy of yellow fever in Cuba is in
creasing with the advance of the season,
and the disease in a most dreadful type is
now playing havoc with the unacciimated
faction Sales
GEO. P. LAIUSOJ, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny St.
ANOTHER QREAT SATE THURSDAY.
TO-MORROW,
Thursday September 10. 1896,
At 11 o'clock A. M., on the premises,
SIO HAIQHT STREET,
......I WILL SELL TICK ■>.:. '
Entire Magnificent Parlor, Chamber,
Dining- loom, Library and Hall
PUHNITURE,
. . . coMPßrsixe
Grand Upright Piano; splendid Upholstery; Im-
ported Bronzes: costly work* of Art; valuable
Paintings: RoyaL Wilton, Body Velvet and Body
Brussels Carpets; splendid collection of magnifi-
cently illustrated Books. Inrludlnsrgeqia In lui'lnu,
French and Qernian art, extra siz-, costing $25 a
volume: full edition Encyclopaedia Brttauiiica; 1
new singer (towing Mtu-hlne: Haviland, J.emojr9
and Dresden China; with all the other costly arti-
cles in this elegant home. Terms cash in U. S.
go d coin. GEO. F. LAMSOI?. Auctioneer.
Spanish troops, according to special re
ports received from the sanitary inspect
ors of tho United States Marine Hospital
S tvice. These show 71 Seatha in Havana
for the week ended August 21, 51 of theso
beinsr in the military hospital, at which
l'J2 new cases were under treatment, 22 in
Matanzas, the same number in Santiago,
25 at Sagualagrande, with 190 cases and
similar conditions in all other sections
where the Spanish forces are massed.
m
Ex-Senator Payne JByina
CLEVELAND. 0., Sept. 8. -The vener
able ex-Senator Henry B. Payne is dying
at his residence on Euclid avenue. He i»
the victim of paralysis, ttnd it will be a
marvel if at his age, nearly 86, he recovers.
modern Trojans.
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— Articles of
incorporation have been filed by th«
Supreme Lodge of the Order of Modern
Trojans with County Clerk Jordan. It is
a new fraternal secret society for beneficial
ana protective purposes. The originators
of the order and onJy members so far are:
Hon. S. G. Hilborn, H. P. Dalton, J. W.
Evans, F. K. Mott, B. A. Rabe, E. M. Long
and W. L. Bartlett, who are also the-di
rectors or trustees for the first year.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept B— Stmr Kaiser
Wtlhelm 11, from Genoa and Gibraltar.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out Sent 7-S:m- Ems.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Sept Simr Zaan.
dam.
ANTWERP— Arrived out Sept 7— Stmr South-
wark. |
Sailed Sept 6— Stmr Westernland for New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 7— stmr Weimar
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Bept 8— stmr New
York, lor New York.
CHERBOURG— SaiIed Sept B— Stmr Alter, for
New York.
y^™*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/Lj £Sjs«<>*2 «"» KEABST ST. Established
PfMlTsiß in ISO* for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
«25 KKABSTST. Established
i in 1554 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost .Manhood. Debility or
Sjß'^l?l^ disease wearing on bodyancl min-l'and
•^WTS^fy Skln Diseases. The doctorcureswben
th '' - fail. Try him. Charges low.
KX&tffSiwirx I'iirfngiiarantfi'd. Callorwrlt«L
Or. J. mBBQN. Box 1957. Sag FrancUca
OCEAN TRAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COBPASI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FHOM _/*?*_
llroadway wharf, San Francisco, «■« ■**£&&?
follows:
or Mary Island, J orlng, Wrangel, Jnneau, K!l-
-llstico and Sitka (Alaska), at 9 a. m., Sept. 11,28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wratcom (Bellin«ham Bay, Wash.), 9a. U.
Sept. 1, 6, 11, Id, 21, 'J6, and every fifth day there
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. R.
R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R., at Seattle with O.
N. By., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
For l.ureka, Arca'.a and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t Bay) str. Pomona 2 p. m., Stpt. ■£, 6, 10, 14,
18. 22, U6, SO. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Ilarford (San Luis Übispo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hoeneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport, at 9 a. it.
Sept. 4. 8, 12, 16, 20, 24, 28, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Hariord
(San Luis Oblspo), tanta Barbara, Port Los An-
foles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. K. Sept. 3, 6, 10, 14, 18, -.2, 26, 80 and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Xnsei:ada, San Jose del Cabo. Mazatlan, I.a
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. M. 25th of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
OOODALL, PERKINS & CO., GenT Agents,
■ • ' ■ 10 Market St.. San Franclsoa.
ASTORIA ANIPOBTLANa
$6 Second Class, $12 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTH INCLUDED.
Colnmbta sail* ...Aug. 18, 28, Sept. 6, 18, 31
Bvate of California sails
Aug. 21, 81, Sept. 10, 20, SO
From Spear-sL Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. at
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
V. V. CONMOR, General Agent,
630 Market street,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, flea. HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI by
AUSTRALIA. VS.S. AUSTRALIA.
& a ALAJIKDA sans via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, September
17. at 2 p. m.
& 8. AU.-TRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues-
day. -September 22 at 10 a. it. Special party rates.
" LIrietoCOOLOARDIE, Aust, and CAPETOWN,
(South Africa. -
J. X). SPRECKELB & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market at., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIK GENERAL TIiAMTLASTIQUB
French Lino to Havre.
nOMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH jn*n
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by mtISK
I this line avoid both transit by English railway uui
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Part*
firs t-c las 9160: second 91 1 U.
LA TOURAINE ...Sept. 19, 7 a. m.
LAOASCUUNE....W.. Sept. I' 6, 3 a. X.
LA BRETAGNE Oct. 3,7 a.m.
! LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 10, 3 A K.
LA TOURAINE Oct. 17. 6 A. M.
83- For further particulars apply to
1 A.FORGET, Agent,
No. 3, Bowling Green, New Yorfc.
J. F. FUG &■ CO., Agents, 6 Montgomery
•venue, San Francisco. . • ■
WHITE JjTAR LINE.
United Stat€3 and Royal Mall Steamers
BBTWIES ,
New York, Queens town & Liverpool,
SAILLNO KVKKI" WJUSK.
ABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jp~ee\^
\J irsß to steamer and accommodations ffnUMB
■elected; second cabin, Ji; Ml andS4/ . 0; Majt-siio
and Teutonic. Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may ■be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General office of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent for Pacific Coait.
ROYAL fIAIL STEAM PACKET COIPJLII.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >S-0%,
fortnightly for the West Indies and :3sSSSB
Southampton, calling en route- at Ccrbourjjh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
- Through bills of lading, ■in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
' Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth-
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 9195; third
class. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARKOTT <ft CO., Agents.
SOB torn taut. ■•'
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
At 6F. -31 • Daily, i rt-icin received up
- • to ..::*<> P. ML . H
I j»^T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Ihe only line making through rates on Valley
Road freight. steamer!s: .
STEAMERS:
T. C. "Walker, ' J. JD. Peters,
Mary Garratt, " City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. and Imoc Co
U.S. fin-TARD; MARE ISLASD, VALLEJO,
. *Benim, *P»rt Costa, *Cr«ckett and *?alona.
STB. MONTICKI*I.O,
Dally 10:30 a. m., 4:00 p. m. (Saturdays **10:30
a.m.), 3:30 r. m. Sundays Br.il. only. Offices
and landing, Pier 2, Mission at. Telephone BlacK
261. •-.-..' . HATCH BROS.
• 4 and Br. it: trips only. , . .
** Excursion trip. Qlves 5 hours at Navy-yard.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS & SASTA CRUZ
CTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIER 1 DAtLT
O at 10 a- m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
7P. it. (Saturdays ezcepted). Freight and Pas-
senger. •-■ Fare between Han Francisco and AI vi»ow
BOo: to S»n Joae, 78c. Clay st, Pier 1. iowl
1112
WARDALL DENIES
THE ACCUSATION
But J. Taylor Rogers Has
Lost His Blithe
some Air.
BOSS CATOR'S WORK DONE
Legal Objections Against Placing
Fusion Names on the
Ticket.
KINNE HOT LEGALLY NAMED.
Silverites Add Five Names to Their
State Committee and Are
Ready for Action.
THE PRICE OF FUSION.
Far United States Senator, T. T. Cator.
For Collector of the Port at Wilming
ton, E. M. Wardali.
For Postmaster at Freano, John S. Dore.
This is the only visible price that can be
hoped for by the Populists for the muti
lated fusion which has iust been consum
mated in addi.ion to the doubtful honor
of having three weak candidates for Con
gress in ihree hopeless districts. But
these iuture rewards are only birds in the
bush and not in the hand. In return for
empty promises unofficially ma'ie the
Southern Pacific Company has succeeded
in keeping the railroad issue out of poli
tics for the next iour years. The pledge
administered to the candidates to oppose
funding t.je railroad debt is a mere empty
form, for the funding bill will be disposed
of next winter, before the newly elected
Congressmen shall have taken their seats.
The bill would have been passed at the
last sitting of Congress but for the fact
that its passage might have a disastrous
effect upon the prospects of the fusion
ticket just nut up for the Southern Pacific
by George W. Baker, Johu Daggett, Boss
Cator and others of the same political
quality.
The leading Democrats, however, do not
propose to give the Popuiists any collec
torships or postmasterships. The old rule
holds good, "to the victors belong the
spoils," and the Democrats will demand
and will receive all the spoils in the event
01 Bryan's election. Mr. Bryan has since
his nomination announced himself as a
Democrat. He has iudorsed the Chicago
platform and has denounced the People's
party platform at St. Louis as too radical
and as one which he could not conscien
tiously support.
The Populists are not aware of what a
hungry crowd the Democrats are or else
they would cease to dream of collector
ships and postmasterships and would
content themselves with reflecting on the
glory that is theirs to be linked with the
corpse of a party which they denounced
two years ago for being morally and po
litically rotten.
The three parties yesterday finished the
remaining business pertaining to the ac
tion of the conference committee, and
then betook themselves to the considera
tion of ways and means for raising money
with which to carry on the campaign.
It is understood that ihefour non-fusion
candidates, Monteith, McGlashan, Kelly
and Maddux, will experience no difficulty
in having their names placed on the ticket
by the Secretary of State. Should the
chairmen and secretaries of their conven
tions refuse to certify their names a writ
of mandamus will be served upon them
and they will not be able to evade it.
They have been regularly nominated by
regular conventions under the purity of
election law, and no power can keep them
off the ticket.
It is the opinion of many persons well
versed in the law that A. B. Kinne's name
will not be placed on the ticket, the ob
jection being that he was not nominated
by a convention nor by petition as the
law requires. He was nominated by a
certain number of men representing three
different political parties. These men
met, not .as a convention, but as a com
mittee on conference and in secret session,
which is against the spirit ot the purity of
election Jaw. Several members of that
committee had taken part in other con
ventions and had voted for other candi
dates for the same offices, and this being
prohibited by the election law invalidates
all the work of the committee.
Another objection that may be urged is
that whatever changes were made in the
original nominations for the purposes of
fusion were made in pursuance of a cor
rupt and unlawiul bargain and sale propo
sition, wherein one party promises to vote
for certain candidates of the other party
if that other party will vote for certain
candidates of the party of the first part.
Such bargains are prohibited by the spirit
of the law.
A prominent Democrat on being asked
yesterday whether the Populists would get
any of the political patronage, replied:
"Ihey'll get nothing. Didn't we give
them three candidates for Congress?
They'll get left; that's what they'll get."
Chairman Wardali denied yesterday that
J. Taylor Rogers had charged Wardali
with having betrayed him, as stated in
yesterday's Call Mr. Wardali made the
following statement:
"It appeared in the joint committee that
unless we could have seven union candi
dates there would be no union candidates
at all. The committee absolutely refused
to make Mr. Rogers the fusion candidate
in the Fifth District. He failed to obtain
a two-thirds majority of each committee as
required by the plan of action.
"When that fact was ascertained there
remained nothing for the People's p arty
to do except to give the office to the Demo*
crats outright or name some other Popu
list in plac« of Mr. Rogers. There being
no available candidate who could be
reached at that moment because t"e last
hour of the comerence by limitation of
the plan of action would expire at mid
night on Sunday, I, on the spur of the
moment, proposed Mr. Kinne and he re
ceived fourteen of th~ fifteen votes, he,
himself, declining to vote. I was acting
under the impression that some subse
quent arrangement could be made by
which Mr. Rogers might be retained, but
at the meeting of the several committees
on the 'ollowing day it was found to be
absolutely impossible to make any change
in any respect whatever, because it had
been determined that the report of the
committee must be approved as a whole
or rejected as a whole, otherwise the whole
scheme of uniting the forces would inevit
ably fail."
Mr. Rogers happened along just as
Chairman Wardali was making the fore
going statement, and in response to a
hypnotic crook of Mr. Ward all's right fore
finger he approached the group with the
air of a crushed tragedian and muttered a
monosyllabic assent to what Mr. Wardali
had said in denial of the report that he
had accused Wardali of having undone
him by m»ans of a false statement. The
cleik of the octopusphobiac Mayor had
jo*t nis jaunty carriage, and if he had no
complaint to make concerning tne manner
in which he had been treated his appear
ance and manner belied that supposition.
John W. Mitchell of Los Angeles, who j
made a gallant fight for Harry Patton,
will not Dour his tale of woe into repor
torial ears, but friends o? his have con
fided to those ears the fact, or what they
say is the fact, that Mr. Mitchell was
nursini: his wrath in secret and that the
proud-spirited Los Angelans would not
vote for a man who lives in a county
where the poor farmers, by reason of Dem
ocratic mismanagement, are obiiged to eat
mush made of middlings instead of the
hot birds on toast promised them by Fakir
Bryan of Nebraska.
The Silverites last night added five
names to their State Central Committee,
and the committee stands as follows: .
Charles D. Lane, Alvinza Hayward, George
W. Baker, William P. Lawlor, F. J. Mnffitt, W.
C. Price, M. A. Hurley, Thomas V. Cator. Wil
liam Pardy, Gabriel Oohn, Dr. W. L. Dicken-
Ron, Hugo Hornlein, Robert McKillican, R. E.
Kelly, James P. Edoff, Dr. E. H. Woolsey, H.
M. Lame, Dr. James I. Stanton, General J. W.
B. Montgomery, W. A. Vann, J. W. Murphy.
George W. Baker was appointed legal
adviser for the committee.
INSURANCE WA S WANDED.
Combined Companies Form a Compact.
Non-Intercourse and Cominiasioii.
The insurance war is over, and a com
pact has been formed that embodies some
sacriiices on the part of many of the com
panies concerned.
The tire insurance underwriters met
yesterday, and with bat three dissenting
votes out of the forty-nine companies rep
resented, the commission amendment
with the following schedule went into
effect for this City : To brokers 16 per cent,
to solicitors 20 per cent, to city agents 20
ana 25 per cent according to whetner the
business in preferred or ordinary.
The rate to Portland. Or., will be 20 per
cent. The rate on interchange between
members will be 15 per cent on preferred
business and 10 per cent on ordinary.
The non-intercourse rule is to be rigidly
enforced.
With these amendments the constitu
tion will now be submitted to representa
tives of the four non-board companies,
who will probably approve, but if tney do
not the constitution will be put into effect
anyway, lor a meeting of the board will be
called to fix a date for the inauguration of
the changes.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Johanna F. Clarke to Nellie L. Whelan, lot on
E line of Stelner street, B^:6 >' of Eddy, N 27
by E 110: $lv.
Eaward T. Russell to I.ouis Muller, lot on X line
of Lievisadero street, 82:6 » of Waller, S 25 by E
110:8: $10.
John .1. Johnson, by commissioner, to Security
Savings Bank, lot on W line of Stany an street, 75
X of carl, X 26 by W 107:6: $1475. f
City and County of .San t rancisco to Edward H.
Kittredge, lot on W line of capp street, 100 & of
Twenty-third, s6oby W 122:6; $ .
Josiah and Sarah B. Johns to James merman,
lot on E line of Sanchez street, 186 a of Twenty
third, S 20 by E 92; *10.
Knud and Thorn E. Baago to Mary A. Mugge,
lot, on a line of Twenty-fiitb street, 179:7 W of
Sanchez," W 25 by S 114; $5.
Anna B. Droft to J. V. Lauray. lot on S line of
Sacramento street, 60 W of Stockton, \V 20 by 8
40: $3000.
Deviila M. Shafer to Mary R. Bhafer, lot on N
line of Filbert street, 225 \V of Lesvenworth, W
25 by N 137:6:- gift.
P. C. Musgrave to -Marie C. H. Bead, undivided
third of lot on .. W line of Tehama street, 200 aW
of Fourth, b\V 25 by B) W75 $10.
Henry L. Kino to same, same; gift. .
John F. and charlotte V. Bird to Isaac Oppeu
beimer, lot on SE line of Clementina street, 455
SW of Filth, S\V 20 by SE 75; $10.
Margaret Joseph to same, same; $10.
Marceline Joseph and Michael 11. Bird to same,
same; $10.
'ihomas J. and Elizabeth Stanton to Richard
Adams, lot on N line of B street. 104:2 E of Thir
ty-third avenue, W 104:2, A 71:9, Sr- 127; also,
tne N 16 by 90 of lot 19, block b, Flint Tract
Homestead; $10.
Louis and Rose Llpman and London and San
Francisco Bun*, (limited) to Roland A. and Mary
A. Tuuie, lot on .\ line of I street, SU;6 E of Tenth
avenue, E 50 by H 100; $10.
Chanes Hadsell (by it- I. Whelan, Sheriff) to
Walter H. Liuforlh, lot on W line Of Thirty-fifth
avenue. 50 N oi X street, N 60 by W 110: $367.
.bstrelia C. Lies to VV illiam McCa 1, lot on SE
corner of R street and Thirty-first avenue, b 608:4,
E 240:6, N 623:4, W 240; $10.
Michael and Mary. O'Connor to the McCarthy
Company (a corporation), lot 35, block 45, Sunny
side: $10.
'ihomas E. Rock to James F. Rock, lot on NW
corner of Telegraph or county road, 81 NE of Ot
tawa avenue, N W 234, Nt) 80, E 220, SW 81. be
ing lot 14. block 2, West. End Map No 1 ; $10.
Minna Fahlbusch to William li. Fahlbusch, 10.
on M side of Point Lobos avenue, 330 W ox Capi-
Itol, W 50 by X 1-5, being a portion of lot 9,
block O, Railroad Homestead Association: gift.
P. CaUaghan to Robert VVinKaie, lot 7, biock 94,
Mission-street Widening Map (S side of Canal
street, 181) E of Congdon, E 30 by S 160, lot 6, ■
block 10, College Homestead) ; $10.
Charles and Christina , Monson to Anton Motor,
lot on \\ side of North avenue, 140 S of Court. and
avenue, 526 by VV 128:9, being lot 29, block 6,
Fair subdivision of Houy Park, quit claim deed:
$10. w
F. S. and Teresa Wenslnger to Patrick W. Rlor
dan, lot on W line of new county road at X line of
St. Mary's College, 8 83 deg. & mm., W 7 chains
57 linns to the old county road, X 22 deg. 30 mm.,
E 1 chain 36 links, S 83 deg.s mln.,E to W line of
new county road, s 15 deg. 10 mln., W 1 chain 33
links, containing 1 acre: beginning at intersection
of old sun Jose road with oldteiegraph or county
road, 41/2 miles mure or less from old City Hall,
s 62 deg. 30 mm., W 5 chains 60 links, B 49 a eg.
15 mm.. E 3 chains 86 links to old telegraph or
county road, N 20 deg. 30 mm., E 6 chains 60
links, containing 1 acre; $10. .
ALA VEDA COUNTY.
Martha Brown to James a. Council, lot on W
line of Chestnut street, 250 8 of Thirty-second, S
25 by W 127, Oakland; $10.
George A. Ward ncr to Sheldon E. Blakeley, lot
on sK corner of Seventh avenue ana East Tenth
street, >E 10 by SE 70, being a portion of lots 1,
3 and 3, block 19, Clinton. East Oakland; $5.
Charles McCarthy aud J.aiie View and Sunny
Side Improvement Company to the McCarthy
Company (a corporation), ail lntereat in Broaiway
Terrace Tract, Oakland Township, quitclaim
deed; $1.
Louisa F. Frame to Fred Raymond, lot on W
line of Raymond street, 135.53 S of Ashby ave
nue, 8 50 by W 100, being ponton of lot 6, block
A, Woolsey Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Joshua Knaugh to .Laura M. Knaugh, lot 7 in C.
Oviatt's subdivision, map of subdivision of Oviait's
Map of blocks 2, 3 and E half of block 1, Har.an's
addition to San Leandro, Eden Township; $250
Valeria A. and William 11. Lester to Susan Les
ter, lot on XW corner of Charming way and Ells
worth street, W75 by N 130,bein s a portion of lot
4, block 13, college Homestead Association, Berke
ley; $10.
Clarinda P. Raleigh to Cora A. Raleigh, lot on 8
line of Twenty-eighth street, 100 E of Myrtle,
E 25 by 8 103, block 6&5, Oakland; $10.
Charles J. and Cora A. Raleigh to M. J. B. Mohr
same; $10.
Lewis A.. Francis A. and Marcella P. Raleigh to
11. J. R. Mohr, same: $10.
Charles Babb to J. B. Baxter, lots 64 and 65,
Mitchell Tract in block 2054, Oakland, quitclaim
deed: $5.
Katherine V. Kllnkner (executrix of tne estate
of Charles A.' Kiinkner), to Joseph Krecek, lot 1
b nek. E, Kiinkuerville Tract, Oakland Township;
8750. F>
Joseph Krecek to Mary Krecek, same; gift.
Oliver I). Hamlin to £ Izabeth C. Hamlin, lots 9
and 10, block D, -Broadway and Telegraph Avenue
Homestead, Oakland Township; gift.
Charles ana Mary Willinott to E. A. Sherman
Jr., lot 6. block . 12, amended map, Central Park,
A) cat mi and Newbury stations, Berkeley; $10.
Kdwiu A. Sherman Jr. to Mary Willmott, same:
$10. „
Louise E. arjd William M. Joseph! to William C.
Bissel, lot on S line of Essex street, 82.3b W of
Wheeler, W 37:6 by S 100, being the j£ portion of
lo 9, block E, Newburv Tract, subject to a mort
gage for $1300, Berkeley; $23.
D. B. and Julia Richards to F. T. Plad well, lot
40, Map of Electric Heights Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10
Joseph Ho.lywood to Nellie Hollywood, lot on N
line of Eagle avenue, 168 W of -Mulberry street, W
42 by N 160, block 16, lands adjacent to Encinal,
Alameda; gift, . .
Delia F. N. Brown (by attorney) to William E.
Pftttes, lot 26, block B. Bellevue Tract, Alameda;
$1. v ;. ■ .-'..'
Frederick, George J. and Christina Woest, Isa
belle and J. Hughes to Christina Woest, lots 11
12 and 13, bloc* 43, Wbitcber's Map Railroad
Ferry Landing, Oakland; also property In San
Francisco; gift. •-■■-.•■. , -,
Elizabeth Klagley to Frances J. Coppin, lot on E
line of Chestnut street, 133:6 8 of Thirty-seconl.
S 16:6, 132, N 50, W 15:8. 8 26:6, W 56:4, S7,
W 60, Oakland: Rift. . . . '
H. L. and Hannah E. Francis to George W. and
Jessie M. Ellis, lot on E Hue of Peralta street, 99
N. of West Eighth, N 43 96, E 106.68, b 12.31.
W 114.61. Oakland; $10
J. T. Dunn and J. a. Folger (by commissioner)
to Home Security Building ana Loan Association,
lot on W line of Adeline street, 99:8% N. of
Eighth street, X 26 by W 128:3, block 647, Oak
land: $2855. - :
' Wlllai* H. Latourette to Carrie A. Latourette,
lot on .-rE line of Seventeenth avenue, 80 NE •>•
East Twenty-second: street, NE 50 by SE 130,
block 72, Map north addition to Brooklyn, Kast
Oakland: gift. .
N. Tychsen to the American Baptist Home
Mission society of New York, lot on NW line of
Foniaimbleau avenue,' 100 NE of Adams street
or Eat Fourteenth street, NE 40 by NW 109:9.
East Oakland; $10.  .w. wo * 8 ;'
George W. and Jessie M. Ellis to Ellis Edwards,
lots 31 to 316, block V, Beulah Park property
also 101 on W corner of East Twenty-fourth street
and fourteenth avenue, NW- 144.61, SW 74
SE 121.38, XE 77.56. to beginning, block 141,'
Clinton, East Oakland: «10. ■■ ■;••■•■• ,
W. F. Kroll to Elizabeth Cueco, lot on SW cor
ner of Ha: leu and San Pablo avenues, *■>£ 100. W
12-:8, 100. X 128:1*4. to be^in:)!:]^, being lot 4.
block 6, Maxwell Tract, Oakland Township; $689.
i. K. and MairgieF. Truesdell to P. M. Collins
lot on X line oi Wilder street, 179 W of Baker.
\\ 25 by X 147.84. being lot 11, Mountain View
Tract, Berkeley; $10.
» m • '
In the Bay of Tandy the tide ri<-es a foot
every tive minutes. The .water sometimes
attains a height of seventy feet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
WOMAN SUFFRAGE RALLY
The Grand Gathering of Sympa
thizers Set ior To-morrow
Evening.
Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt. Samuel
M. Shortri-g? and Other Ora
tors Will Sp;ak.
The woman suffrage mass-meeting to
morrow evening at Metropolitan Temple
promises to be a grand affair. All the
ladies of the suffrage bureau have labored
most earnestly to make the opening of
their campaign an event worthy of the
cause which they are striving to aid, and
it looks as though their efforts were to be
crowned with brilliant success.
The programme will include an overture
with organ and orchestra under the direc
tion of Professor Eckmann, the singineof
woman suffrage songs by the Knicker
bocker Quartet and the audience and sev
eral vocal solos.
Among the speakers, the Hon. Samuel
M. Sbortridge will represent the Repub
lican party; Charles Wesley Keed will lift
the banner of Democracy in woman's
cause; Douglass T. Fowler will consider
the subject from a Populist point of view,
and Joseph M. Leggett will judge the
ladies by tne single-tax standard. Dele
gates from the Prohibition, Socialist and
Nationalist parties will also address the
meeting.
But male orators will not have the
whole affair to themselves. Miss Anthony
is to preside, and will be sure to get in a
word ior the cause.
Mrs. Nellie Hoi brook Blinn will deliver
the address of welcome, Miss Anna H.
Shaw will fire a volley of fact, fun and
satire into the enemy's camp and Mrs.
Carrie Chapman Catt. ihe fascinating suf
frage apostle who cnarmed all who heard
her during her recent labors in Idaho,
will take voters and non-voters by siorru.
The doors will be open at 7 o'clock, the
meeting to open promptly at 8. Aurnis
sion will be free, but the body of the
house will be reserved for the gentlemen.
"I'll tell you a secret," said Miss Hay
yet terday, "if you'll promise not to pub
lish it: The end and aim of this meeting
is to catch the voters. So we are going to
let them have the best seats and treat
them as nicely as we can. Perhaps they
will return the compliment by voting for
that cause which their consciences rnu-st
surely tell them is only just and right."
NOTED ENGLINRMAN DEAD.
Sir Joseph Archer Crowe, Journalist,
■ Diplomat and, Author.
.LONDON, Eng., Sept B.— Sir Joseph
Archer Crowe, the noted English jour
nalist, war correspondent, diplomatist and
author, is dead.
Sir Joseph Archer Crowe, C.8., K.C.
M.8., was born in London on October 20,
1825. He started life as a reporter on the
staff of the Morning Chronicle and was
afterward foreign editor of the Daily News,
a contributor to the Globe and corre
spondent for the Illustrated London News
in the Crimean War, and for the Times
during the Indian mutiny. He was di
rector of the Bombay School of Art in
1856-59. He was appointed British Con
sul-General for Saxony at Leipzig in 1860,
ana Consul-General at Dusseldori in 1878.
From Dusseldorf he went to Berlin as
commercial attache to tne embassies in
Berlin and Vienna, and later was made a
Royal Commissioner for the negotiation
of a treaty of commerce with Russia in
1881. He was appointed British pleni
potentiary to the Samoan conference in
Berlin, April 20, 1889, and delegate to ttie
electric telegraph conference of Paris in
June, 1890.
YAQUTS THREATED TROUBLE.
Much Alarm Felt in the State of Sonora,
Mexico.
HERMO&ILLO. Mexico, Sept. B.— Much
uneasiness is felt throughout the western
part of this State over the threatened out
break of Yaqui Indians. Large numbers
of the Indians have quit their work on the
ranches and railroads and are flocking into
the mountains, where the leaders are sup
plying them with arms and ammunition.
An attack by the Indians on the town of
Tones is threatened, and a strong guard
has been placed around the place by the
authorities.
Tne Minas Prietas Mining Company is
also being well guarded against the" In
dians.
Sailed for the Levant.
QUEENSTOWN, Eng., Sept. B.— The
United States cruiser Minneapolis sailed
from this port for the Levant to-day.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BCSn?EBB OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt In the year.
BRANCH offices-880 Montgomery street,
cor»«>rClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, epea
nntll 9 o'clock.
2618 MlsKfon street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 0:30 o'clock
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
REMISSION-LODGE NO. 169. fT& m
9r~^ A. M.— Called meetlner and third de- B\ -
gree THIS (Wl-.DNE.SDAY) EVENING IK If
at 7:30 o'clock. By order of the W. M. V^>
' ■'■■ CD. BUNKER, Sec
ttr^S*" CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. •
B=-»^ and A. M.— Called meeting THIS JV
WEDNESDAY at 7:30 p.m.: degree l.'#3f
isy order of the W. M. /^^\
■•■-• : ~- . H. FORTRIEDE, SecreUry.
flt^S= KNIGHTS OF THE RED -,
K*-*^ Branch, attention— You are requested"
to attend a most Important meetinz at \ouifc^^4
hall THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVENING nt^S^
8 o'clock. PRESIDENT.
R^> MASTER MARINERS' BEN-
»-*' evolent Association— Funeral No- ',■, **>
tice. Special meeting will be held at bnll,l>V*'<L
Alcazar building. O'FarreU SU.WE UN Es- —
DAY, September 9, at 1:80 p. x. All members
are requested to be present for the purpose of ..t-
-tending the funeral of our deceased brother, F. G.
MILLER, By order of the president.
: "- •: ' ■ L. TRAUNG, Recording Secretary.
KP FUNERAL NOTICE — THE NEIGH-
t*^ bors of Redwood Camp No. 91, Woodmen of
the World, are requested to attend the funeral of
our late neighbor, W. W. TOIRMMi-.RS, 1 HIS
DAY (Wednesday) September 9, at 2 p. m. sharp,
from his late residence, 311 Octavla sU Neighbors
of sister camps are kindly invited to attend
THO. F. IIATTux, Clerk.
SPECIAX NOTICES.
JRff^BAD" TENANTS t JECTED FOX $4;"
»-*' . collections made, city or country. Paclflo
tollecilon Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
IjKS* BAD TENANTS EJECTED. $3. COOK,
*^ Law and Collection Office, 1023 Market st.
j^ alker! ABRAMS has RE-
-o^*^ moved his offices to 784 Geary st.
IPS' GAS FIXTURES MADE TO ORDKR-
Ifr-*^ cheapest place in the city. H. HUF-
| SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
1 K5" DR. ALFRED KICHLER , HAS KE-
_*^=? turned irom abroad and resumed practice a:
617 Jones st. :
CS» DR. T. F..BBENNAN REMOVED TO
ifc^y Emporium or Parrott bldg., rooms 397, 398.
Ka» »R.G. E.SIJSSDOKFF HAS removed
»**' his offices to 221^ Geary st., rooms 1 and 2.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMa£e~
LADIES REQUIRING GOOD, COMPETENT
J-i and reliable help in any capacity can be sup-
plied on shor: notice by calling or sending to C. R.
. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st
MR . M. STON, 996 MARKET: ONLY
first-class female help furnished; tel Mint 904
AMERICAN WOMAN. STRANGER IN CITY,
wants a home: will do light work: wishes the
acquaintance ot some one who would give her the
necessaries of life. 633 Sacramento St., room 27.
ELI ABLE WOMAN WISHES A~SITUA-
tion In - small hotel or restaurant as : cook or
waitress: city 'or short' distance in the country
Call or address 814 Filbert su . .
■ MI L h- AOT.I) WOMAN WANTS A SlTUA-
i'ltion to do general nousewrrk; $10 to t $12-
-five years' references. ! Call or address 208 Golden
Gateave.: :
OOD HOUSEKEEPER WISHES A SITU A-
r tlon; short dlxta C* in the country prtierrtd;
no objcciion to children. '. Call 'or address 746
1 Misson sU
SITUATIONS . WANTED— Continued.
iy ANTED— BY COMPETENT WOMAN, TO
•' do housework; is good cook and laundress;
nice to children or sick people; city or country.
1 9 Jessie su, between First and Second.
lAT ANTED— BY ELDERLY WOMAN, POSI-
' » tlon as housekeeper, or would do lighthouse-
work in private family; steady: reliable: no la-
cumbrances. 812 Bryant su, off sixth.
YOUNG GEKMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
-1 tion in private family to do second work and
take care of children. Inquire at 207 Montgomery
avenue, New Atlantic Hotel.
"[EASTERN WOMAN OF 35, FIRST-CLASS
■_f housekeeper,' wishes work; no objection to
widower's family or the country. Address MRS.
M., box 76, Call Office. . ,
MEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
—~ tion to do light housework: one who is wllline
and obliging; sleep home. Address A. M., 2518
Mission st.
C W EDISH~WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF
*-> work by the day; washing, Ironing or house-
cleaning. Address A. H., oox 63, Call Office.
OTKONO YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK
<J by the «, ay; , washing, housecleaning. etc.;
wages $1. Address M. A., box 62. Call Office.
AMERICAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION;
•*»■ general housework: can cook and sew, good
references. Address Y. M , box 75, this office.
you kg WIDOW WANTS SITUATION TAK-
-m. ing care of children or chamber work; city or
conntry. Address W. D., box 75, Call Office.
1 X ERIKNCED COLORED GIRL WISHES
XJ to do general housework or cook in private
family. « all or address 722 Bush st.
Vy oman wants WORK by the DAY:
T » washing or housecleaning. Address or call
322 Third at., rm. 22.
WEJDISH WOMAN WANTS TO DO COOK-
ing; good cook. Call 669 Stevenson* nr, Seventh.
C COMPETENT COLORED GIRL WISHES TO
VJ take charge of doctor's office. Call 9 1 6 Powell.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
position as housekeeper; is Al, with many
years' references: no triflers. 364 Jessie st.
MERICAN WOMAN WANTS PLACE AS
working housekeeper and cook for working-
men. 114 Fourth st., room 15.
REFINED AMERICAN WIDOW WOULD
like position as housekeeper In lodging-house
or widower's family. Address W.. box 75, Call.
DRESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS, FINE
±J fitter and draper, sews; 60c a day. F. F., box
98, Call Office.
OITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG WOMAN
0 for general housework In small family; wages
$15. Call or address 91b Howard St., nr. Fifth.
VyOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
"» city references; terms 75c and carfare. Ad-
dress C. C, box 114, Call Office. ;. . ■■ ;
X EFINED EASTERN LADY DESIRES
housekeeper's position In small family. 148
Sixth st., room 16.
\\ ' o M AN WANTS TO WORK BY THE DAY:
" washing, ironing and housecleaninft. 1211%
Stanyan st.
ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION FOR
VX upstairs work. 318 Jessie st., bet. Fourth and
Fifth.
ITUATION WANTED BY A FIRST-CLASS
0 waitress; good references. Address T. A., box
21, Call Office.
ERMAN LADY WANTS TO DO HOUBE-
VT cleaning; $1 per day. MRS. HILS, 148 Sixth
St., room 91.
RESS.MAKER WILL GO OUT BY THE
XJ day or take sewing home. 603 Eddy st.
13 ESPECTABLS GERMAN GIRL, GOOD
-It cook, wants situation as housekeeper In small
family. Call 14 Eleventh St., near Market. T
V' I G ENGLISH LADY OF REFINEMENT
wishes position as traveling companion, orgov.
erness; a good seamstress: no objection to country.
Call or address 1046 Mission st. -
/ > ERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO DO
Vor general housework and plain cooking. Call or
address 718 Valencia su, bet. Eighteenth and
Nineteenth.
EFINED GERMAN GOVERNESS WANTS
situation; loves children: talks English and
some French: references. L. G., box 119, Call.
yoUNOLADY WHO IS STUDYING FROM 9
I a. m. to 4 p. m., wishes position as companion
or to assist, for board | and room; references given
and required. Address M. E.. box 19, Call Office.
yOUNG EASTERN LADY, GOOD SEAM-
X stress, wi.hes plain sewing to do. Call from 1
to Bp. v., 25 * lnth St., room 22, second floor. •
y oung girl WOULD like SITUATION TO
-1- do light housework or to mind children. 480
Eighth st. _^
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WILL WORK
X for $1 25 per day. Call 1004 Market, su, r. 6.
/ ( ERMAN WOMAN WANTS TO DO COOKING
VJ and housework; $3 week; sleep home. Miss.
WITTMAN, 2009 Mission st. .-
SsISTANT BOOKKEEPER— YOUNG LADY
desires situation; first-class stenographer;
owns typewriter: city or country; will travel as
saleslady; $25 per month: fine" references. Ad-
dress V. T., box 15. Call Office.
\f IDDLE-AGED COMPETENT WOMAN
lA wishes situation as work-ins housekeeper in
small family. Address or call 46% Tiffany aye.,
bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth sts.
1 ADY WANTS POSITiON AS HOUSE-
■iJ keeper; no objection to child; city preferred.
Address or call afternoon, between 1 and 2 o'clocs,
737 Hayes su . •
XPERIENC.ED NURSE AND FIRST-CLASS
waitress wants situation by the week: sleep
home; best of references. Please call or address
215 Minna st. _^
YOUNG, REFINED, COMPETENT CREOLE
J widow desires position as housekeeper. Please
call at 917 Market st., room 19, second floor.
/ ' ERMAN GIRL OF 17 WANTS SITUATION
VJ" todollgbt housework or take care of child.
Please call at 40.> Lyon st,. near Hayes.
I> I i ABLE TRAINED NURSE (GERMAN)
-It wishes to take charge of infant or invalid.
Call or address 232 Shot well st.
GK I : MAN GIKL DESIRES A PLACE IN
x private family to do general housework. 618
Geary et,
OITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY
O to do general housework. Call 1938% Mission.
OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X second work. Call 2813% Bush st.
ENTS' SUSPENDERS AND MUFFLERS
embroidered to order. Room 4, 1007 Market.
I J V BOOKKEEPER. BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
J ) noons and evenings; reasonable. Address A.,
box 20, Call Office.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS
X bookkeeper, stenographer, cashier, entry-clerk
or saleslady: no objection to the country. - Address
W. A., box 71, Call Office.
ADY OF REMNKMENT, POSSESSING ALL
the qualifications of a pleasant companion,
also with a fair knowledge of medicine, desires a
position in that capacity with an Invalid; no re-
numeration but comfortable home: city or conn-
try: references. Address L. M. 8., box 40, Call.
TpXPERIENCED LADY COMPOSITOR DE-
Xj sires employment In daily or weekly newsDa-
per office; city or country: can assist in job de-
partment; also proo:-re!>ding; wages payable
weekly. Address Compositor, box 82, Call office.
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER WISHES •TO
take charge of a small hotel or lodging-house;
city or country; reference. Address Housekeeper,
box 72, Call Office.
li ANTED — REFINED AND EDUCATED
•" middle-aged German widow desires posi-
tion as housekeeper, matron or ladles' companion;
is also competent to teach German: no objection to
taking care of children: reliable references given
and required. Addreas A BC, box 16, Call.
\\' INCHES 1 XX HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
" Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 60 tos6 per week; convenient and respectabla:
true bus ana baggage to and from the Jerry.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 0 CENTS — THJt
WKEKIiY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing.
situations WANTED—
n rT^h^n^e"n^~c^"~lio~*^elury~^t^
• furnish miners, mechanics and men for all
kinds of work; call, mall, wire or 'phone your or-
ders. Telephone Grant 185.
UNTEK & CO., CHINESE AND JAPA-
oese employment office. 17 Webb St., below
Kearny, nr. Cal. ; tel. main 231. W.C. YOUNG, mgr
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT;
best help. 314b Butter St. ; tel. Grant 30.
piILNJSsE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^belp; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V-/ office; best help. 414% Fan-el I ; teL K. 428.
N HONEST, •_ SOBER, f INDUBTRIOUS, EL-
derly man with good references wants em-
ployment as general utility man: understands use
of tools, care of horses and general housework;
either In city or country. Address X. V., box 18, 1
Call office, . .-.
MARKIED MAN WOULD LIKE TO CARE
J-'J- for gentleman's place: am a practical gardener
and good, horseman; wife A 1 cook and house-
keeper; local references; bond or cash security.
Address for two days, Caretaker, box 8, Call.
LICENSED MARINE ENGINEER WANTS
employment either on boat or ship or as a sta-
tionary engine-driver; good references as to abil-
ity, sobriety and honesty. Address A. 8., box 32,
Call Office. •
W ANTED-BY A. MAN ABOUT A PLACE;
'» can do all kinds of work; willing and obliging;
city or conntry Address S. R., box 97, Call Office.
TE .-. CH R~WANTS SITUATION AS PRI-
J~ vate tutor; rent of room taken as payment. Ad-
dress Teacher, box 18, Call Office. .
EX I i.RIENCED FIREM.N WANTS POSl-
tion. Address B. N. P.. box 18, Call Office.
OUNG ; swede WANTS . work !OF any
X kind; sobrr, and has good references. Call or
address 523 Pine st. .. . .
l> V BOOKKEEPER, BOOKS TO POST AFTER-
■*-' noons and evenings: reasonable. Address
A. 8., box 20. Call office.
x pe"rienc d clerk with best • ref-
X-J e rentes wishes situation in some line; nominal
expected. Address WILSON, 712 Post st.
CTKOXG GERMAN BOY WISHES TO DRIVE
a bmener wagon; has had experience. Ad-
dress 314 Eighteenth st.
BY A GOob~SECOND COOK (German),. CITY *
or country. ; Address 409 Pacific st,
\y ANTED — BY THOROUGH ENGLISH
■ » ' co.<chn.an: .clean-shaved and thorough-
ly used to carnage work; first-class references. : J.
t., box 108, Call.
SITUATIONS WANTED-^ontlnned^
1 family to give French lessons. E. B. wtfltt.
Western Hotel, san Francisco. __
GEORGE WOLLAB. 136 Julian aye.
T. a RBFR WANTS TO RUN A SHOP IK
B counfr?. EarbVr, box 81. Call Office.
ATH ATTENDANT WAxVl^ SITUATION:
experienced. B. A. , box 19, Call Office.
linsrTinVtt'AVTED ON PRIVATE PLACE
Pby Steady, £-oYr young German; thoroughb;
understands care of fine horses and flower garden.
Is willing and obliging; first-class references. Ad
dress s. G., box 65, Call >-ffiee. ;
GARDENER OF LONG EXPERIENCE
Ijr w^nts situation In greenhouse, rosehouse,
flower garden; fruit, vegetable, budding, grafting,
propagating; best of reference* Address w. ii->
box 102, Call Office. .
] MAN (M ARRIED) WOULD LIKE TO
' » work In a wi>ie cellar as bottle-washer, barrel-
cleaning. 231 Pacific st, corner Battery.
V OUNG, STEADY MAN; YEARS IN THIS
X country; is handy with horses, cows, etc., gen-
eral all-round work: can give good references.
Address Y. S. ( box 79, Call. -
OOD CARPENTER WANTS A POSITION :
has worked several years on large ranch as
general repairer; understands running s:eam
boiler and pumps; moderate salary. Address C.
M., 416 Broadway. - " __l___
OITUAIION WANTED BY SINGLE GER-
O man gardener; understands taking care of
greenhouses and gentleman's place; city or coun-
try Address Gardener. 636 Commercial st.
OITUATION WAN IED tOR A i-IK»T-CLAS*
O carpenter as carpenter or something else; needs
to work. Address D., 1050 Howard st.
JAPANESE SCHOOLBOY WANTS^PLACE;
O speaks English. GEORGE, 22 Prospect place.
SCOTCHMAN, STEADY, WISHES POSITION
0 to run steam boilers: can also run engine. Ad-
drers Engineer, box 97, CalL
\V r INCIIESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CIOMPETENT PRACTICAL MECHANICAL
yj engineer and machinist desires position. Ad-
dress Engineer, 1189 Market BU. S. F., CaL
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED. f
p OOD IRONERS FOR HOTEL AND LAUN-
I T dry; strong second girl. $20; housework girls,
$16 to $26, city and country; young girls to assist,
$10 to $12. C. K. HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
GIRL TO ATTEND CANDY STORE IN THE
country; see party here. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st. .
GERMAN OR SWEDISH SECONDGIRL, $25;
VJ housework, Willows, $25; i akdale, $30:
Berkeley, $20: Sau Rafael, $30; and other towns;
15 housework girls, city and country, $20 and
$25: 8 young girls to assist. $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
EAT. REFINED GIRL, LIGHT HOUSE-
IX work, $15. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler sU
FRENCH .-SECOND GIRL, $25. MISS CUL-
J LEN. 323 Sutler st.
COOK, BOARDING-HOUSE, $35: SECOND
\J girl, 1 $25; laundress, $26. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter at.
\\ ' ANTED— 4 PROTESTANT SECOND GIRLS,
»» $20; laundress and chambermaid. $25: 4
cooks in German and American families. 525,
$30: 2 restaurant waitresses, $25 and $4 week,
and a large number of girls to fill our numerous
situations in city and country. J. F. OROSETT
A CO., 312 Sutter st. .
V\T ANTED-COOK. GERMAN STYLE, $30;
'" cook, country. $25: French nurse, country,
$20: nurse and upstairs, country. $20; young
girls to assist, $10 and $12; girls for housework,
$26 to $20. LEON ANI>RE, 316 Stockton St.
VEAT SECOND GIRL, SMALL FAMILY,
Xi country, $15, fare paid: 25 women and girls for
different situations, private families and hotels,
$15, $20 and 325. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
OOK. BOARDING-HOUSE, $35 AND ROOM;
) 2 cooks. $7 a week: chambermaid and wait
some, $18 and room: 3 waitresses, $15 and $20
and room: 26 housegirls. $10, $12, $15, $20 and
$26. MARTIN'S. 749 Market st.
G" IRLS OF ALL NATIONALITIES TO FILL
various positions. German Employment, 306
Mason st. .
\VT ANTED — YOUNG GIRLS FOR LIGHT
»* work at the San Francisco Laundry, 1619
Eddy si. Apply this morning between 8 and 10
o'clock.
T^LDERLY GERMAN LADY WANTS POSI-
J-i tion as housekeeper: is first-class cook; refer-
ence. Address F. P., box 6, Call Office.
\\ ANTED-GIRL TO DO CHAMBERWORK
»' and assist In the care of baby; wages, $15;
references. 2219 Scott st.
r OUNG LADY FOR A GOOD HOME WITH
■L couple as companion: no salary. Address S.
box 116. Call Office.
r anted— girl BETWEEN the ages OF
'14t016 to assist In light homework. Apply
after 9 a.m.. 21^ Polk st.
GIRL, NOT TOO YOUNG TO ASSIST IN
housework: 3in family; wages $12. Call bet.
11 and 12, 6201/3 Hayes su
C COMPETENT GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work: must be good cook. 1216 Fulton st.;
afternoon.
VOIiNG GIRL. HOUSEWORK: WAGES $10.
-i 12 Hartford St.. near Castro a. id Eighteenth.
0 ERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
\J Call 10 a. m.. 463^8 Jessie st. .
CURL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD 1 YEAR
T old: must sleep home. 222% Page st.
'OUNG GERMAN To Do LIGHT HOUSE-
work and assist in store. ,1414 Kills st. ■
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN TO ASSIST LIGHT
housework. 1021 Van Ness aye.
IRL FOR GENERAL HoUSKWOKK; REF-
eronces; $16. 2805 Mission st.
2 GIRLS FO .; H4JL*SEWORK, . SMALL
£j American family, $15 and $20. 721 Ellis.
VO I NG GIRL TO WAIT ON DOOR; GOOD
J. home; small wages. 438 Geary st.
AITRESS WANTED. 9 BTOCKTON ST.
r OUNG LADY' AS A MODEL. P. C. GRAND-
MONO IN, 1 pi or, Mechanics' Fair.
i'\ IRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSEWORK AND
vJ children; sleep home. 1430 Leavenworth st.
C"1 ERMAN GIRL FOR LIGHT GEN 1 RAL
T housework; wages $15. 3938 Seventeenth st.,
near Castro. —
C 1 IRL THAT CAN SPEAK GERMAN. FOR
T general housework; sleep home. 1083 Minna.
WANTED— COOK AND LAUNDRESS FOR
" general housework; references required-
wages $20. Apply 1901 Baker st.
TEADY PROTESTANT GIRL OR WOMAN
to do general housework In American family
of 2; will have a good home; reference required.
MRS. R. R. SWAIN, 2000 Chaunlng way, Berke-
ley. _____
TTURST-CLASS LADY CARVER— ONE USED
-T to delicacy business: must be neat and quick
worker: knowledge of German language required.
Address P., box 12, Call Office.
p ERMAN GIRL— PLAIN COOKING; 2 IN
VJ" family. Apply 46-: Natoma st.
GIRL— HOUSEWORK: NO WASH. I<u£
r Sherman, off t-olaom, bet, Sixth and Seventh.
OUSEKKEPER; GEkMAN PREFERRED;
widow or elderly person. Address A. E., box
5. Call Office. . .
TVTEAT YOUNG (URL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
J.l work. Apply 773 Halght st. .
IjMRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS WANTED;
also first-class buttonhole-makers. BOWHAY
604 Sutter st.
AIK-DKESSING: MANICURING LESSONS
given MISS DOYLE. 212 Powell st., 105 9th.
LADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING. MA
lctinnp, beaut y culture; agents wanted to sell
my toilet specialties. MRS. BUTLER, 131 Post sU
ANTED— A FIRsT-CLASS OPE-
rator on corsets; high wages; Singer sewlne-
machine used: run by electric rower. 1388 Market.
PERATORS ON FLANNEL OVERSHIRTB
;and underwear. LEVI STRAUSs <& CO., 32%
Fremont st. :
RH.BSMAKERS (CUTTERS AND FITTERS)
for families: waist and skirt hands for shops-
positions free. McDo WELL'S School, 636 Market.
AIKUKESaINu. 250 AND ;,«:. MOKSISU
and eve classes -. 101egsons,$l 60. IL'4M Mission.
I/ 1 L Y N N'S DRESS-CUT SCHOOL: TUES-
X' days free: 2to 3. 14 McAllister, room 67.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE-
Winchester House, 44 Third -L. near Market-
LOO rooms: 26c to $1 60 per nl<;ht; $1 50 to $3
rv.p..v re,- I, us 1111,1 baggage oam! from f»rrv.
MALE HELP WANTED.
OOKTcOu'NTItY^^Es'fAURAN^^IUsT^E I
accustomed to cooking on a gas range, $50 to
$60; 3 flr3 -qjass waiters with dress suits, country I
hotel, 93 second cook, country hotel, $30; bed-
maker, country hotel, $25. C. R. HAN&E \ it
CO., 110 Geary st.
L/IKST-CLA.-S CAKE BAKER, $65 AND
■1 found. C. R. HANSEN <fe C ' 110 Geary st.
HAYBALERS,. NEAR CITY, 15c A TON'
— and found: sheepherder, $20 and. found: char-
coal burner, $20 and found. C. R. HANSEN &
CO. 110 Geary st. - I
"I r WAITERS FOR HOTELS AND RES- I
-1 O taurants, city and country, $26 and $b0; 6 !
cooks, $30, $40 and 850: 3 dishwashers. $.5 to
$25; second hotel cook, countr. , $35 and found-
short-order second cook, $20; second German
baker, $•25 ana found: barber, country shop. MUR-
RAY it READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
I /JA MEN AND STRONG BOYS TO PICK
1 \J\J grapes, dry and box raisins, work in pack-
ing and drying houses, wine-cellars, etc, $20 and
$23 per month and found: call early; 300 hop-
pickers. MURRAY READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Vm SAILORS TO PICK. GRAPES, $23 AND
-.\J found. MURRAY & READY, 1 eaaing
Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. .
'_{ carpenters, call early: 5 wood-
choppers; 6 hammermen: 6 drillers in rock-
-20 iieuia-.eis, 8c each. MURRAY, & READY*
, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Civ' j
HELP WAJfTED-Continmed.
ANTED —OX TEAMSTER' $80 AND
found: 6 laborers, $1 day and board • 3 team-
sters, $1 day and Loard; chore-boy for country
$10 and found; woodchopper, $1 76 cord: harness-
maker, $8 week and room ; American cook for in-
stitution, $50; restaurant cooks, waiters and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSsETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st. ■■■■■■
ANTED— SO MEN, WOMEN AND CHiL-
dren to pick hops, large company, Alameda
County, tents on th» ground, fare $1, fee 50c, long
job; 2 miners, $52 per month 2 farmers, $26 and
found: waiter who speaks -panish for hotel In city
$25 and found: also milkers, cooks, waiters and
dishwashers. W. D. EWE & CO., 626 Clay st.
\\T ANTED— SHIRT IRONER. $40: 2 WAIT-
Vt ers for hotel, $-5; second cook, $5 a week;
boarding-houBecook,s3o; cook who speaks French
$40; assistant confectioner. French, $20; second
butler, $40: Frenchmen to pick grapes, etc., $1 a
day. at L. ANDRE'S 315 Stocktou st.
HOTKL WAITER. $30 AND ROOM: COOK.
JLT $.-.0 and room; dishwasher. $6 we<*k: second
cook, $25; nurse. $2 day. MaRTIN'S, 749 Mar-
ket st. . ■
nHOKE MAN AND WIFE FOR ORCHARD,
\J $35 and found; steady place. R. T. WARD &
CO.. 608 and 610 Clay st.
UARKEEPER, CITY. APP» V FROM 9TO 11
-D at HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
W ANTED-A—PARTY WITH $160 CASH TO
VV join advertiser In a business proposition that
will clear $4000; advertiser will put In $150 also;
$300 necessary. Business, box 70, Call. .
WANTED-PLAIN, STEADY MAN TO AS-
V> sist in handling cash, etc , in genteel business;
must have $150 cash and be satisfied with $76 per
month. 873^ Market St., room 1. ■
TIT ANTED— ELDERLY MAN DRIVE AND
VV do light housework for two: wages $10 month
and found. Address E. M., box 18, Call Office.
HOEMAKERS WANTED. CALL AT 1239
O Broadway, Oakland, or address S. J. GRAY,
115 South Second st , San Jose.
ANTED— A MAN WHO CAN TEACH HOW
to make a fine cigar. 328 Bush st., room 4.
OY FOR BAKERY. APPLY 9 A.M. AT 1046
Valencia au. near Twenty-second.
BOY WANIED TO BLACK BOOTS; MUST
have own brushes. Pleasanton barber-shop.
AII.oRS WANTED AT LANE'S, 604 DAVIS
0 street. .
THIRST-CLASS WAITER. 15 STOCKTON ST.
,<ARBKR-SHOP TO LET COMPLETE. IF
I » ply 505 Clay st.
STEAKS, CHOPS. ETC.: 6 DISHES FOR 5
O cents. 635 Clay St.. Big Yellow Front.
\\T A.NTi-.D- AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OF
'» .some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Idea.-*; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDIIERBURN & CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. Ci, for their $1800 prize
otter and list of 200 inventions wanted.
KAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA AND OTHER
0 ports. 10 Stenart St., upstairs.
HOEMAKEK ON REPAIRING. 6 HUNT
0 street.
JOURNEYMEN BARBERS' EMPLOYMENT
secretary, H. BERNARD. 102 Seventh st. -
ARBORS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL, 667 Clay.
AKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
P. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
ARBER SHOP.-2 CHAIRS; 16c: GOOD
business: rent $10; opp.carhoose. 1310 Castro-
W AN TED-FOB THE UNITED STATES
» Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 6 inches In height; of good
character and temperate habits: able to read,
write and sneak English properly; only citizens of
the United Slates or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this Important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board our
new cruisers. For further Information apply at the
Recrul Ing Office. 20 Ellis sU, San Francisco, CaL
W A TED-SEAMAN. APPLY 108 CLARKE
»» st. California House.
V\T E WANT TO ENGAGE "ENERGETIC MEN
it and women to represent the "Ladies' Home
Journal." Write or call at 78 Columbian Bid., K. F.
VV ANTED — MEN TO Li.ARN BARBER
IT trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. 8. F. Barber School. 1615 Howard.
TVTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION BET.'
-Li 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c;week $1 10 $2 60;reading.room;strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean: quiet: open all night.
W' ANTED— 50 MEN FOR SINGLE ROOMS-
SI week-, 26c night. 321 Ellis st; Rosedale.
EN'S HALF-SOLING. 50c.: LADIES, 40c.;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opp. Will & Flnck's,S.F-
OOMs 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT; 60c TO *1 50
per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm su
/^LOSING OUT NEW AND SECOND-HAND
\J shoes at 30c on the $1 this week only. 959
Howard st.
\V r ANTE —500 MEN TO BUY U. S. ARMY
»' boots and shoes. E. KENDALL. 635 Mission.
LARGEST STOCK OF SECOND-HAND SHOES
on hand: shoes 10 order, *3 50; haud-sewea
shoes, $5. 7261/2 Howard gu, bet. Third and Fourth
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAK
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room : free bus an baggage to and from the ferry.
rpRY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 26c a night; $1 a week.
1 inuell HOUSE. SIXTH and Howard
I- sts. ; single furnished run week. 16c night
8— REMOVED FROM 609 CLAY TO 643
. Cay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch. 6c.
IIjAMEA To TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X\i\J and 20c anight, including codes and roll*
€24 Washington st., near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY- -SING' E ROOMS. 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. SI 60 per wee*.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leidesdorfl sts.
AA7 ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
" to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, (till runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 160
larg» rooms: 25c per nigh: : $1 to $3 per ween.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v'«ek; rooms for two, -'5c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st.
\ 1 EN TO FEEU iiiA\NHATTA.N STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keen it.
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection A«cy, 110 Sutter
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
your old shoes and make them like new done
while you wait: ladies' soleing, nailed 35c; men's
soleing, nailed 50c.; macblne-sewed 75c.; hand-
sewed 65c; line shoes made to order from $2 up;
we have a lot of shoes, been damaged by water, at
less' than one- fourth their value, from 25c. up to
,$•-' 50. 662 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
AGENTS WANTED. ~
GENTS-810 MONEY : LATEST PKOPOSI-
tIon. Baxter Portrait Co., 432 Sutter su
XCLUSIVE TERRITORY TO AGENTS FOR
Seeds water-filter. 1625 Howard st.
GENTS - -PERSONAL RECOLLECTIONS
of General Nelson a. Miles," coramiinder-in-
chiet of the United States army, and the greatest
of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book of
the century: apply at once for choice of terr.tory.
f. PERSON, Manager Subscription Department.
THE WHITAKEK & RAY CO., 723 Market at.
"WANTED— LADY OK GENTLEMAN TO
1 '» travel and appoint local agents: references:
865 and expenses. Box 770, San Jose.
. FURNITURE WANTED^ ~~
pvFFICEFUKJN'ITUKK— WILL PAY HIGHEST
v/ price.i for second-hand office desks or take
them' in part payment for new. - GEORGE H.
FULLER DESK CO.. 638 and 640 Mission st.
T°, S 5, 1 I ' PUI:XITURIi TO AD VANTAGE TRY
X M. SlL\ ERST.-.1N.969 Howard st. ;send postal
■BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO PAY-,
hlghes- price for B furniture, carpets, etc. ; ■«*
postal. 866 Mission st.
"IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FUBNI-
J- tnre and merchandise see BURP. 211 Lark in.
T C. MUTHER. 632 MARKET, PAYS HIGH
t> . est cash prices for furniture and merchandise*
T N or A r A A CTION ' CO - SUCCESSORS TO M."
X.I. SIMMON:- auc. Co.. 1057 Markeu pays cash
ROOMS WANTED.
VV ANTED-2 OR 3 d^esirabTe^unfur;
*» nished rooms inside of Market, Larkiu and
Sutter sts., for gentleman, where rooms can be
taken care of ; no housekeeping Address H., box
co^ce^n'th'JSr 110111 PriCema - t »& f
stores wanted. ~~~
Pa^Tof^tor¥~^w^l : e^^y^dres&
X maker. 13 ' t-econd st.
W^ANTED-MISCELLAJfEOUS.
Q ECO ND-H ATD^^loiirTTß^oitr^ST^MP
O mill. FRANK DRE W, 114 First st.
OLD GOLD AND S LVER BOUGHT-.' JEWEt
ry, watches repaired. MUND. 1133V g Mission.
OELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
-0 elry to A. KLEIN. 109 sixth St.; send postal.
HORSES.
I ''OR SALE, CHEAP— AI HORSE, GOOD FOR
X buggy or delivery wagon. 3147 Sixteenth st
; cor. Guerrero. '. '
rjIHREK GOOD HORSES , FOR , SALE; CHEAP.
X 564 Howard st.
rpUK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS, 220 VA.
X lencla su, is the place to go If you want to buy
sell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or har-
ness; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock.
C/\ HKAU DRIVING A.ND WOK KHOKSt;S ;
O\J weight 1000 to 1700 lbs. 863 Howard st.
EIBOLD HARNKaS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue, lli) McAllister si.,S. F.
I £.A SEiSNEW AND SECOND HAND HA K-
XO\J ness, all. kinds; wagons, buggies, surrey*
rockaways, carts: must be sold. • 1128 Mission v.
1 AIIGE YOUNG DRAFTHORSES; HALTER
xj broken; cheap; Hyde ranch. 630 Commercial.
500 SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
O\J\J ness . a i}, klndB . buggy .waeon, carts," surrey
& rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
40 Horses Fo»t sale; ALSO wagon*
v , B]f? c . ! ». carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horia
Market, 327 SixJj st. ; auction sales every Wedaaj-
day. r. SULLIVAN A boYLE, Auctioneer*,
J^^^^^^BUSINESS CHANCES.
•ft^OO BUYS BAKERY WORTh"sloooTiv
$> OVV town of 20,000 people; fine wagonroutt-
prominent corner; low rent: big sacrifice nun
retiring. See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 3lark"l
ECHANICS, ATTENTION ! — $1000~VVj7T
buy a firs. -class old-established n!acn
shop fully equipped for business: tin and aheetirot
work: galvanizing, galvanized iron, rollers fa!
gold concentrators, ship tanks and carburetter.
gas fitting, roofing, plnmbine and general iobhin.
See MYERS & GRAHAM, 777 Market st." 3 "
<£♦•-> aa PAINTERS. ATTENTION i-i wiTv"
*SP'J\JVJ. wright whitewashing-machine ana ail
necessary equipments, including one horse •> gpti
of harness, 1 cart and 1 truck, with the exclusive
right to operate in the City and County of San
Francisco. MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market st.
<< inn RESTAURANT, LUNCH COUNTER
«IptlUU. and bar: fine stock of liquor and uten-
sils; m the midst of the working class; fu'l inve«.
libation. See MYERS & GRAHAM. 777 Market
DIG SALOON: BIG STOCK; BIG TKaDk"^
•■» most prominent transfer point In the city hi»
bargain MYERS <fe GRAHAM, 777 Market st.
C?l qx CANDY-STORE AND ICECrlaji
<ipx I%j parlor; railroad station, Oakland- ,i.
class paying. WILKE WOLF, 531 California.
$1500 CORNER BARROOM; LARGE
< » )IUU " patronage; kept by owner for 20
years; rents3s. WIIKK & WOLr',63l Calif ra fa.
.* .^(Xn^, 1511 GROCERY AND BAR^
W<J\j\j. -rooms: rent $30; dofn ? good
business: choice location. WILKE & WOLF 531
California st. '
Tof^ V SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
-L of any kind, see GUS STRAND. 45 Third st.
$300 £ ROCER AND BAR: OLD EStJb:
r,""' 1 '? u «k»: cheap rent; great bargain If sold
this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third st.
S A drV°di N ft f A:aONG FACTORIES WHERE HUN"
iacrifw »m men Me e mP">yed: pays well: great
sacrihce this week. See GUS STRAND, 45 Third
H°n T L « T ° IS FOR A TERM OF YEARS?
tainlnt B8 r J T and bMement brick building, con-
llEh ed bfL£° m 9: also Kround-Qoor and well-
of Market a t» t: , £ entrall y located, half block N
?miwinmbi,M l block from Baldwin Hotel and
ftmmure for £«*'• newly rami shed throughout;
Sir V^rtJoni.^ 6 0I ? rea s<"»able terms. For fur^
rOR SALE— ONE OP THE mnviTi-CTin 1
ISlllSllgg
dress for particulars M. si., box 100. Call Office.
\\[ ANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS MAX AS
*» partner in a fresh, salt and smoked meats,
sausage and delicacies business: the best location
in .-an Francisco and very low rent; the partner
must.take charge of books, cash and general out-
-4ook: capital required $250: will guarantee $100
a month to each; investigation solicited, a i
box 63, Call Office. 7
ffl> 1 i>C BRANCH BAKERY AND C VNDY-
LZjO. store; rent $15. SKIFF, 921 Market,
ffij/ifin HOME BAKERY; CLKARs
(Jp^luU, month: rent $17. SKIFF, Market.
©1 'A FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORK~
«Jp I O\J. rent $17; bargain. SKIFF. 921 Market.
OR SALE— BUTCHER SHOP, SLAUGHTER-
bouse, outbuildings, . horses and wagons; lo-
cated at San Pablo. Contra Costa County; will be
sold at auction or private sale. For particulars ad-
dress ROBERT THOMPSON, sat Pablo, Cal.
ARE BARGAIN: IMPROVEMENTS ON
X\i chicken ranch: worth $1000: for $200; Im-
mediately; long lease: 4 acres: 5-roomea house;
$12 60 month. Inquire Postoffice, Upper Fruit-
vale, Alameda Co., for LOUIS ISAAC'S place.
ANTED— ACTIVE MEN AND WOMEN
for permanent and paying business; work
light and profitable. Call at mv office, T. KIND-
LESPIRE, room 1, first floor, 1152 Franklin St.,
Oakland.
qiMIAA PAYING COUNTRY BAKERY: NR.
<Jp 'J\J\f . San Francisco; bak*s 1% barrels;
high-clays trade: 5 living-rooms: stable; rent $20;
trial given. SKIFF, 921 Market st.
ICYCLE STORE . AND REPAIR SHOP;
well established ; good location; full line 01
bicycles, sundries, tools, oven vuicanizer: opening
for a machinist- 1113 Market st.
Gl; 1 9AA RESTAURANT; A PICK-UP; ES-
*IDX£.\J\J. tabiished 15 years; a good business;
reason for sale, retiring: investigation given;
make offer. Apply 29 Sixth st, 'A-:'-:-;-;-'
rOB SALE— A BARGAIN; GOOD CHANCE
X 1 for the right party: a cyclery close by the park,
with cheap rent. Inquire at 143 Berry st., be-
tween Third and Fourth. 'rf-'--P
ARE CHANCE TO PURCHASE A FlRST-
class saloon at a moderate price, for proprietor
has to leave for Europe immediately. Apply at
230 .Third st. '
A KTNKK WITH SMALL CAPITAL IN RES-
taurant; splendid chance for right person. Call
for Information, day or evening, at 254 Third st.
■ ARGAIN; SALOON: BAR RECEIPTS $15
1 to $18 dally: rent $20: near San Francisco.
Apply H. M. COVERT, 218 California st.
®> Ut AVERAGE WEEKLY NET~3»COME
rlpt ><J $250 invested; safe. conservative; prospec-
tus, proofs, free. F. DALY, 1293 Broadway. N. y.
A T AN HOUR'S NOTICE A. i OWAJV BUYS
■*V stores; negotiates mortgages on merchandise:
sells on commission. Room 16, 23 Montgomery.
ffIjQAA SALOON: 16 FURNISHED ROOMS;
dpOUU . a complete home ana a gold mine. Ad-.
dress A. HILLEBRAND, Vallejo.
ARTNER WITH CAPITAL; LEGITIMATE
amusement enterprise; best references. W.
G., box 8, Call Office. ■
BAKERY, CANDY, NOTION- STORE; GOOD
location; bargain. Address A. 8., Call Branch
Office, 339 Hayes St.
NEWSPAPER ROUTE IN INTERIOR CITY,
close to San Francisco. For particulars apply
this office. ;
fflj Qflfifi FOR HALF INTEREST IN A MAN-
«JD«JUUV/ ufactnring business. 328 Bush St..
room 4.
T/'OR SALE— BAKERY AND FIXTURES;
X bake 1 bbl. flour. Apply 3150 Twenty-second.
GOOD CASH BUSINESS; APPLY AT ONCE.
T T. K. ANDERSON, 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ARTNER WANTr.D-$l6O WILL MAKE
you $3 per day; investigate. 1625 Howard sU
C COMPLETE SHOEMAKER'S SHOP, WITH
\J tools, cheap. 438 Turk sU. near Larkln.
PALACE SHOE STORE FOR SALE; BAR-
gain. Address E. S. AMES, Ukiah, Cal.
GOOD. OLD E~STABLISHED DOWNTOWN
restaurant for sale. Apply Call Office.
SMALL BUSINESS FOR SALE AT INVOICE.
Address M. M. J., box 56, this office.
FOR SALE— FiR^f^CLASS~SALdON. APPLY
H. HAAR, 114 O'FarreU sU
SALOON AND 2 ROOMS TO LET. 829
Howard st., bet. Fourth and Fifth.
IQUOR-STORE; GOOD BUSINESS; RARE
■IJ chance: cheap. Apply Call Office.
AI V AND PRODUCE BUSINESS; *"LlV-
ing-rooms: for sale cheap. 1008 Hyde st.
LODGING-HOUSES ' FOR SALE.
99 ROOMS; COHN^TH^U^ETl^wr^Jso
•^-£•9O rooms; guaranteed to clear over $150 3700
18-room house on Sixth «t. 400
Hotel and rooming-houses; all sizes and prices
Apply to H. C DiiCKKR & CO., 1020 MarkeE
st, opposite Fl'th.
Of'-ROOM HOUSE TO EXCHANGE FOR ANY
OU kind of real estate. DECKER, 1020 Market.
I £-ROOM HOUSE: 1 FI. or all OFFICES™
I U only $450; must sell. DECiTER, 1020 Market.
99 NEW FURNITURE FOR LOTS $2500
' 16 rooms: clearing $50 250
28 rooms: making money \ 475
130 rooms; clearius; $500 ;.. .., 7000
10 rooms; clearing $50 ... '... .. " 300
__ UN DE II WOOD & CO., 765 Market su
I?INELT "FURNISHED HOUSES: 12"TO"Iso
i- rooms; $300 to $10,000. PHELPS & CO., 917
Larkin st.
[ ODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS: BEST PART
XJ city for worklngmt- n; $25: proa $250. 644 6th.
<Si 1 PyO 7- ROOM HOUSE. 403 STEVENSON
<iP-^«^'J. St., corner of Fifth.
fiji^n L O-HOUSK OF 38 ROOMS;
«JP^t«^V7. rent $50: one block from Market St.- a
bargain. Business Exchange, 873% Market st.
O-ROOM LODGING-HoT; WELL FUrT
U nlshed; must sell. Apply call Office,
<» OOD PAYING LODGING-HOUSE OF 14
■*> rooms; clPar3 $50. Address n , box 113. Call.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ~
"L^IRE SALi-: JJ ". : '■ * ! " " r" 1 " — >~~~»
J Prlcea stand till goods are completely dls-
pOSGu Of. - . -
Oak bed sets , ma-.-i
Bedlounges.. :;•.;:•.;;•••, a*o
5t0ve5.. ...... 1.".......:.....: %il
Carpets, per yard ...-•- 55
Linoleum, per yard "*"*-" it
Matting, per yard ■"■".;—. ?,,
wind our new buUding '■ erected these prices wilt
4OO'£ ARPh i'5 S: - CHAMBER SETS, $14"
$10: bar outfits. T. p. McCaRTHJ, 764 Musfon^
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH FfTfT
;?ner^ l .F rlCeB OD houBe hold sUnewot^
__ii_v^ra*>) or 'imp np^ri pv^tiiti;^.
_^ CARPET CLEANING.
S^at^Ss^kSS?^^
J "Eilhihiu^ei. StgjXJL". 1 ' 3 * 2& "^^
C Alt PET CLEANING, 3c.: LAYING 3& • RUO
VJ samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Strain 19 Bth Ts"
WHEN YOU BECOME DiSGUSTEL" WlTtf
»» poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 363-57 Tehama st-Ttel^o 4j!
( v.-u .-> X . LJ: l' s *-'ARPK'r i-EA'i'INU WOKK.3. JiJ
V- ; Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
/MTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.REVOVA"
KJ ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS. mgr. TeL South 250.
HARPISTS CLEANED AND KENOVAI'EfI
}J like ac». FERGUSON & CO 23 Tenth-
feonth 3«. P. MACKINTOSH & CO. gVccessorL
I M , ITCHEU ' CA Ri>KT «-LE AN INcTCO~SIa
»> . Uth St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 7*l
C^VFFKTV oi^ BEST 4 1IT AMERICA-THS
,V »v jitKLi CALL, sent to any address inTi,.
2i n e tatea or Cauad* **.*?* aww^i po?*HOPBBB TO LET.
;^pcHXNANI ;
T[oiii_:hfs2i A -r SLNNY BOOMS and
•'7 ' ) WASHINGTON ST.-7 ROOMS; i; AT H~ '
jpV O first-class location. $42 SO with water I
l) h £ A^| AXE i COURT, OFF SUTTER, BET.
D PoweU and Mason-4 rooms, $14; central-
cheap. . '
<■>{) I?i 4 $"££¥??• bT ; HOUSE 6 rooms. -
<-i — JllJj*-~ 1831 Union st.; house 4 rjoms.
MC Hii\ FD ? NISH KD HOUSE WESTERN
X' Addition; 9 rooms. Apply 524 samomg st.
P ELKGANT RKSIDKN CE :~sw7 COR
Vj California and Lacuna sis. Go sea it.
HOUSES TO AKNT FOR VERY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN —HAMMOND'S, 10
Montgomery st.
FURNISHED HOUSES. ~~ •
THK ELEGANT FURNITURE OF PRIVATE
resdfnce: must be sold. UOO Van Ness ave.q
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAOK— ROOM COTTAOB AS
\J $16; fine view. 123 Liberty st.
"6 UN NY MODKIiX COTTAGE. 6 ROOMS AND
O bath: large flower garden mid cellar. 613"Grove.
pOTTAGE 4" ROOMS; LARGE YARIT
V. stable in rear. 218 Collingwood St. * '
CUNN V COTTAOES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS. BATH"
O basement, stable. AUeen aye.; off 16 th st. nr'
Dolores. '
9K94. -^'ISSION-SPLKNDID COTTAGE 8
-O'*^ rooms and bath; yard; flower garden: $18.
EDUCED ALL THOSE NICK HOUSES ON
Geary. Sutter, Franklin and other streets- cet
list; pood tenants wanted. SPKcK & CO 602
Market st.
FURNISHED FLATS. \
x-UNNY FLAT, 5 KOOM^T^AThT^FURnT-
v" ture lor sale: rent $15. 1911 a Hyde st.; no
dealers.
FLATS TO LET. ~~
E- POUBOM -~r.-S LARGE BLOOMS
divided In flats for 4 families: Turds, cose s
find shed* separate; rent $6 50 per flat Anuly
BURN- AM _ MARSH. 628 Market '
BAND NKW FLAT: WESTERN ADDITION^
VJ r.-uucea from $36 to $25. bPKCK _ CO., 602
.Market st.
A LA HUE, SUNNY ROOMS; $14. 13« WASH-
~: ington St., Uft. Jones and Leavenworth.
SUNNY FLAT; 4 ROOalb; $9. 319 DORK _T.;
□ear Bryant.
\ 25 PKR CENT REDUCTION; 2 BEAUTI-
j.T- tul new flats: SE. cor. Fillmore and McAllis-
ter sts.: $37 50. $32 50: 7 rooms and bath eacn:
reduced trom $15, $40: porcelain tubs, hardwood
finish, sunny rooms, etc.; a bargain. RHAIN-
WALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218, J2i> Montgomery.
i] 7 NKW BAY-WINDOW FLAT 5 LIGHT
C 1 x * • rooms; bath, gas, tubs. 909 Folsom.nr.sth.
\\ f ANTKD— 200 GOOD TENANT-;. RENTS,
»» from $10 up for flat*, cottages. SPECK <t
CO., 602 Market St.
ELEGANT NEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT, 5
rooms and bath. 2974 Twenty-third su, near
Harrison; $15.
SUNNY~FLAT 6 ROOMS, BATH: Jifc.As.iN'-
-0 able. 8 Dearborn at., oft' Seventeenth., above Va-
lencia.
"^ij 1 v SUNNY FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH AND
(JPIO. yard. 10 shotwell st-, near Fourteenth.
OJQ THIRTEENTH ST.— NICK FLATS; 5
o— O rooms and bath. $17; 4 rooms and bath,
$15. .
"L" LA TS TO it X.< T FOR VKRY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND'S, 10
.Montgomery st-
-1 Q9QI C RAM TO— F SAT 5 ROOMS;
J-O— gas; bath: rent, $16.
L^LAT; 5 ROOMS. BATH: NEWLY TINTED
JU and papered: rent $18. 925 Greenwich st.
OVK_V, SUNNY, MODERN UPPER FLAT;
5 rooms and bath; large yard: only $15: water
free. 4073 Twenty-third st., 100 feet from Castro; j
key 4075 till lurther notice.
CTAVIA, bet. waller AND HAIGHT, |
opp. Valencia— Pent greatly -reduced; the
cheapest flats in the city; sun all day; will be put
in first-class order; 6 and 7 rooms and bath; $20
and $25.
QT| Q HYDE— MOST ELEGANT FLAT
OXO In the city, centrally located; five minutes'
from Kearny or Market; 8 rooms; bath; butler's
pantry, fete.
T,">EW STEPS FROM CITY HALL: 2 FLATS
X 5 and 6 rooms; $22 and $30. 14 Grove st.
LOWER SUNNY FLAT, 3 JANE PLACE,
■I— near Mason St.; no car fare; healthy: 81 —
Q SUNNY FLATS; 4 AND 3 ROOMS KACH;
0 $11, $10 and $9. 2041 Harris n, opp. 18th.
"qjOT 'rk FINE UPPER CORNER PLAT; 6
•_ — X.fJyJ rooms aud bath; porcelain tubs;
rent reduced. Cor. Pine and junker »t-«.
HOUSEKEEPING. ROOMS.
Broadway.
_Jf)Q BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
_"O housekeeping rooms; a' so single.
l4u«h Street.
f*O~\ BUSH-NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
U— . 1 front rooms for housekeeping, or board if
desired.
Castro Street.
AAC CASTRO (REAR) — 3 NICK SUNNY
— U_» rooms; large yard; stable: $9.
Clara Street.
IP Q CLARA— UPPER FLAT OF 8 SUNNY
-*O front rooms; $8 50; water free.
±.ddy Street.
QQI 1 EDDY — 4 UNFURNISHED BOOMS;
i)Ol2 bath; housekeeping: sunny.
Ql ' EDDY— 8 UNFURNISHED OR FUR-
OXO Dished rooms: fine location; private fam-
lly; gas range; reference.
Ql n EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
OX I nicely furnished; splendid location: private
family.
*lith Street.
01 A FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT BED-
OX _ : room ana kitchen; bath; yard; private; $11.
Howard .tree:.
1"I 9 HOWARD — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
xrt^t furnished housekeeping rooms; $10, $12.
•>ooen Mreei.
n^l JONKS— SUNNY BACK BOOMS
UX^t2 furnished for housekeeping, $9.
jy-.-s Kearny Street.
5 OB LESS BOOMS. KEARNY, NEAR SUT-
ter; gas and water free. Api ly 15 Grant aye.
Lagans Street.
Qnr\ LAGUNA, COB. MCALLISTER- HOUSE-
O\J\J keeping rooms.
-i.'»M':3 Lewis Street. i^ y :,
1 f* LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NB. POST— 3
JO sunny unfurnished rooms; water free; $11,
311nna street.
AOA MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS FOB
-— < _: housekeeping.
A*\A MINNA— LAKGE ROOM FURNISHED
■jOt lor housekeeping; also single room, cheap.
_il»fc,ois «ir«e..
-I Arr MISSION — FRONT BAY-WINDOW
XVfOO suite complete; housekeeping, $16; also
one $8; one $6 ' ■
'Natoma Street.
ere NATOMA— 2 SUITES OF HOUSEKEEP-
-000 Ing rooms; $8 and $10 per mouth. Apply
Afternoons. ,
MXth s.ree:.
T RONT SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS;
1 complete; reasonable. 244 Sixth su
■ seventh Street.
-I err SEVENTH — LARGE BOOMS FOB
X'J I housekeeping; $8 and $9.
. . bteventon Street.
9C7 STEVENSON — FURNIBHED BOOMS
-wl for light housekeeping.
J elianiH Street.
AAQ TEHAMA— LARGE SUNNY ' FRONT
__O room and kitchen for housekeeping; well
furnished.
'I i. ji-<l >. ree..
pOLTON HOUSE, 2.0 THIRD — SINGLE
Vj6uiiii, ll^bt bonsekeeping, $5 up; brick bid: yard
1 urn. .- I let)..
OO TUBK-2 OR 3 FURNISHED .HOUSE.
00 keeping rooms.
\ _:» Ness AvmiUfl.
COR. VAN NESS AND MARKET- 3 CON- :
' uecting bousekeeplng rooms; water •In
kitchen: cheap renu Call at 1738 Market st.
909 VAN HlOtS AYE NEWLY FUR-
_»;_, nished, sunny suites, from 2 to 4 rooms;
complete for housekeeping. - . ,
Washington Street. " '
502 W A HIN , G * V *■- SUNNY UNFUR- '
t>v/M nished housekeeping rooms; running water. '
■Welch Street. '■ -• !
mWKLS«,(IKFFOURTH-20R3 NICELY '
furnished rooms: housekeeping: cheap. . 1
Miscellaneous. .
001 GEARY. ROOM 37— ROOM AND nOUSK '
>-_ •£ renting agency; no fee for reirlsterlTii:. !
FHOTOGKAPHEKS SUPPLIES. '.
EEDS^NOT PUMPKIN SE^ED^r^UT^HEED '
dry plates, with developers . and all requisites
"or pbolo£rapblng, at CaL Camera Co., 124. Geary. ■ 1
mvw^^UOOJI^TO . LET. .
Bryant Street.
1 1 01 BRY ANT-FLAT OF 6 FTJKMIBHED
J - - v/x rooms, complete for housekpg; cheap.
i-uily Mr«e»
A"I EDDY. CORNER MASON— NICELY FUR-
* ' nished, C loan - sunny rooms; day, week or
month. Tel. Jessie 411. The Portsmouth.
'■— «k— Hi Mieo,.
CnERMA?? ATAKIMK-^T JfOUSR. ?« BTH
>— • t~. near Market: i»rmsh».l mid Dnfurnlsbed.
A-.,..- V -ao..
T"? "AMONA, 130 KLLI9: MRS. KATF S.
, ,", AJtT - rnanacer— A qniet houn«: rent— Jly lo-
cateo; newly furnished: elevator: hot cola waver.
!^2l E LI " l *• *NKAR Taylor- BKST
<->*- '■ lodging we recommend tfaeKosedale House.
l\° t < ) K li. i s; COR. LARKIN -FRONT At
and ba COVebay " wlu(:ow: ' '8 "«• housekeeping; gas
t*eary st . cot.
91 7 GBARY-3 SUNNY ROOMS IN BEAR;
—i— l cottage; key premises. ■-'•< •::--:■.
drove Street.
4AD GROVE— SUNNY FURNISHED BAY-
-V/O window rooms; rent $6.
Jones Strewc.
907 'ONK- — THK' VAN WnSTKI.K. NKW
■""" • management: elegant tunny suites and
tingle: newly tiirnish^rt: bam, tc. : 510 to SSII.
Al X JONES— NICKLY FURNISHED >UNNY
xO rooms; in suites or single; terms moderate.
P. 1/11 JONES-LARGE FURNISHED side
0 l~±2 room. $7.
« «amy m«<i..
9q KEARNY-NICKLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
«-O terms reasonable; quiet house. ■'■-■^-■i
OA KKARNY— WKLL-FURNISHED FRONT
%J\J sunny suite; single rooms; electric lights.
ARLINGTON HOUMi, 127 KKARNY —
-* * Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class lv tvery respect; terms reasonable.
Lafayette Street.
10l LAFAYETTE, OFF MISSION, NEAR
xO-z Twelfth— Nice front bay-window room.
rkiM >>rev..
VOSEMITR HOUSE. 1045 MARKET— IMsR
-1 night. 35c to $1: week. $1 50 to $5: families.
Minna Street.
fiR7 minna, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
" 'U • nished bay-window rooms: $1 per week.
J.ii-tOoii street.
Q7O MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE;
0 • ™ physician's offices for years: also other rms.
On A 7 MISSION ' ST.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
~\J\J I nished front room, $8.
>atoma Street.
7AI NATOMA, COR. KIGHTH-2 OR 3 F UR-
• "1 nished or unfurnished rooms.
~ Oak Street.
JO OAK— 3 SUNNY UNFURNISHED FRONT
"O rooms, first floor, cheap. ;-«»>;a
i oik Street.
534 POLK ROOMS AND BATH; $12.
Powell Street.
919-214 POWELL (WILLISFORD)— EN-
— I — tirely renovated throughout; newly fur-
nished rooms: en suite or single: terms reasonable.
99C PUWKLI, I OR. J4KARY— SUNNY ROOM
4*~\J newly fur.. $8: also large sunny cor, room.
Stevenson Street.
A C\ Q STEVENSON, COR. FIFTH— FURNISH-
-VO ed rooms to suiu
Stockton Street.
EUROPEAN (THE), 17 STOCKTON— FUR-
XJ nished suites, $4 to $10;;slngle rooms, $1 50 to
$3 week: 60c to $2 night; hot and co.d rnnnlng
water In every room; baths; elevator; transient.
"VTKW PYRNEK HOUSE, 1314 STOCKTON—
-Li Front suites: single rooms; bousekpmg;cbeap.
t,-Uer -Mreei.
QfkO SUTTER— ROOMS .OR SUITES,
OVO $125 to $10 wk; night 2£o_to $1 50: transi.
m BUTTER — HANDSOME ROOMS AND
soltes, newly furnished; rates reasonable.
"jAO SUTTEK, COR. TAYLOR-KLKGANTLY
I UO newly furnished sunny rms.; suite or single.
luylor Street.
1 fiQ TAYLOR-SUNNY ROOMS; SINGLE
-LV/t7 and double: $1 60 a week up.
i Tn TAYLOR— elkgant front alcove
XrtO parlor: hot water; bath: reasonabe.
£1 /• TAYLOR— FUK.MSHED SUN-
*JX\J ny single and double rooms: private family.
/'I 9 TAYLOR— 2 SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS;
"i — also suite; rent reasonable. - .V
~~ Tenth Street.
11l TENTH. NR. MISSION-LA SU N-
— . 1 J ny front room; housegeeplng permitted.
"I 9- TENTH — LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
I— >» room: gas; closet: bath: »7.
BOARDING ANI* ROOMS.
DESIRATBITE~ROOMr~N EwITY^^FURXIsiT-
XJ cd. with board; exceptionally good home. 424
Eddy st. ■
AOA EDDY— FINE, BUNNY. NEWLY FUR-
"^•I nished rooms; bouse first class In every re-
spect: table nnsurpasseJ ; terms reasonable.
OT_L BKKTLINIi. .14 _Üb±l— A *^._li_V
hotel; refereot~B4 Kiv«!U tuid r^qulrvd; tuOU-
rr" <*onvenlpnpp<.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
W ANTED— I CHILD TO TAKE CARE OF:
T ' mother's care. 700 Eddy st.
\\r ANTED— I OR 2 BOYS TO TAKE CARE OF
'" teams: reasonable: good borne; no other
children. Call at 119 Laagton at.
IDOW WITH A QUIET, COMFORTABLE
home, would like a child to board. 829 Vi Sut>
ter st.
\\nnow would LIKE 1 or 2 CHILDREN
' 1 (1 to 5 years) to board. 809 Baker st.
A f\Ot\ TWENTY-FIFTH ST. — PLEASANT
— XIAO home for child: room for parents.
ADY OF EXPERIENCE WISHES CHILD
A to board: personal attention: mother's care:
healthy location: large grounds. 2519 Col.ege
aye.. Berkeley. Cat.
STORES to LET.
S^t^r^t^TetTaTs^TXrTTk^a^e^m^ntT
at 867 Market st Inquire within.
TORK TO LET— THIRD ST APPLY 214
O Third. • .
STORE OF TWO LIVING-ROOMS: FINE
chance grocer. 452 Halght st.|
TORK«WITH 8 ROOMS, NE. COR.-QOLDE.V
Gate live, and Webster St.; choice location for
drags ore. ■
OFFICES TO IiET. ■
: F7c^sT < 23~K_^A^N^r^TTr^ulT^
x blefor business.
QPRKCKKLS BUILDING, V£7 MARKKT-
-0 Elegant sunny olficea. $12 50 up: elect nc-llsh:;
beating and iknltor service free. Apply at building
on;. H. UMBSBN A CO.. 14 Montgomery s:.
DENTISTS . ■
pROOME DENTAL ASSO-lATION, 'wTiIAvZ
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas, $1; plates. $5 up; fill, $1 up.
T\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET BtT
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 'Me: gas given.
R. GKOH<iK W. LEEK, TriK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer or painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work. or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell it.
1/<ULL SKT OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
X five years; extraction, 50a; fillings, 50c;
crowns, $3 60. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
THIRST-CLASS DENTISTS Y; FIRST-CLASH
X prices; first-class results: painless extraction;
Tel. Main &375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 500Sntter
"I \il.U 1. RANZ,— EXTRACTION i'AI.NLK-j-.
XJ crown work, bridge work end teeth wlthoa;
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant no
<3*7 A *XT FOR TKfcTK; WaHKAM'KD A-i
V * good as can be mad*: filling $1. Dr. si Mil*
cent!si. 930 Market at., next Baldwin Theater.
■pAINLKb* KXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a cpecialty; plates. $5 up. 13 veari
experience. K. L. WaLsII. D. D.S.. 815*4 Gear/
A LL WORKTOSUITTIMES;WARRANTED.
JA. DR. KEa, 1870 Market st., front City Hall.
DR. I>UCKKTT, 1703 PO.vr .Vl'., NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown »nd bridge work.
LL WORK REASON A BLK AND WAR-
ranted. . DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 .Market st.
ET OKTifiETH WITHOUT- *•__.__. _«t..i_
G. YOUNG. 1841 Polk SU .-' -•
I iH. J. j. LXXX, ,MAi;Kr,i.CUtt.W)LI)BN
XJ Gau> tve- Open evenings: Sunday i till noon.
ASSESSMENT NOTICES. .'■'.:, -t
mENTIi INSTALLMENT ASSESSMENT NO-
X Uce— San Francisco and Ban Joaquin Val-
ley Hallway ' company. ' Location of prln.^lpil
place of business City and County of . an Fran-
cisco, State of California. Notice is hereby given
that at a meeting of the boArd of directors he.d on ,
the 25th day of August, 1896. »n assessment of |
ten ($10) dollars per -hare was It-vied upon the |
capital slock of the corporation, payable immedi- i
ately to the Bunk .of Calitornia, treasurer of said
corporation, at the offlce of said treasurer, north-
west corner of Sansome and California streets, In
the City and County ;of San I'ranclsc >, State of
California. , Any stock upon • which this : assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the twen ysfxth d»y
of September, 189«, will be delinquent and adver-
tised for s_ c at public auction: and unless pay-
ment Is made fore, will i.c so!d on the fifteenth
cay of I ctober, 18 -6. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, togt-ther with costs of advertising and ex-
penses ot sale. By order of Bo^rd of Directors. .
■-*■-■ * - A LEXANDKR MA CKIE, Secretary.
.-121 Market street, City and County of Ban Fran-.
OjUMt state of California, __S9Bj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
' PERSONALS.
p entl^mXnTje^Tres home AT housk
VJ of educ ited lad y who might become bis busi-
ness partner; appoint interview. A., -box 8, Call.
ADVICE FRKE; DIVORCK LAWS A BPE-
clalty; private; no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collection*, .wills, deeds, etc.. a.t-
tendedta G. W. HOWK.atty-at-law. 850MarlcetsU
OROSCOPK> FKEE 7 DAYS: ' 2 2-CENT
stamps, W MONROE, astrologer, 777 Market.
SADIE EVANS' COSMETIC PARLOR*:
manicuring: halrdre9sing.<B6s% Market, r. 18.
CLARA- YOU CAN GO TO M K.~LEDKREi:'S
) now without bavin:? to wait so lons to get your
hair dressed. He has enlarged bis parlors and put
in more people, bui. his price Is the same, a 3c. G.
LEDERKR, 111 Stockton st.
LADY" (STRANGER) * DESIRES GENTLK-
man partner; $'-'6 capital. R. 2. 12. Post st.
INK WATCH REPAIRING. JEWELRY
1 made order, spectacles repaired, lenses ground:
low prices; fine work. J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary.
DIVORCK AND ANNULMENT OF MAR-
rlage by United States Divorce bureau; les;a
everywhere. Address P. O. box 2432. S. F.. Cal.
cjj a pants To order; SAMPLE by mail.
Ct WERTIIMAN Pants Co . 22y 2 Geary street.
A R*. THOMPSON, CHIKOPO_I_T. 101
i»J Grant aye., room 10.
fTHE FINKST LINK OF REMNANTS:
X suit to order. $10; pants, $3. Cut Rate Tailor-
Ing Company. 1117 Market St., bet. 7th and Ml).
"\ I ORRIS berry, former FOREMAN
i'l Albert Miller's cloak store, has gone into busi-
ness wiih H. RIFLSIND, and opened an establish-
ment at 14 McAllister, Rms. 46-46; ladles', misses',
children's cloaks to order ;nt guaranteed :low prices
TRI N DKLIVKRkD 25C BAY CITY
Transfer Company, 244 Sutler; tel. Grant 67.
I>ARTi.NG lON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
— and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
tiasses: instructors. J. H. K. Partincton, rude
Partlngton. R. L. PanlDßton. Particulars 424 Pine.
AT THK PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL
. Institute, all cases trea'.ed and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029Uj Market su,
bet. sixth and Seventh, San Francisco, Cal.
ALL FACIAL BL-MISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
hair, moles, freckles, sc»rs. etc., removed by
Kllte Electrolysis Co., 226 Turk, nr. Leavenworth.
ZO INFIXING OUR . SPKCIALIY; FINE
edge put on razor, 2 sc Razor Kxchge,63oMar<et
ELVKT AND CLOTH CAPES BELOW
' nianufacturei-a' cost. 20 Sansume st., upstairs.
1 "LMGOLTDOOii & i-.KKoPTICON SHOW hVJJ.
XJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ai-
\er;ieements In living li«hf, promoters of bu_>
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market St.
-EGl'BlO LIGHTS IN KVKKY ROOM I
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
2l'O rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 pee
wees: free bus and baggage to and from tne ferry.
IHKIIAI. AOVANCH.-5 ON DIA:i.USU% j*.W-
J «orv. etc.: lowes: rate*. i>4S Market su
O_D GOLD. silver, GENTS'. asiTladik*
clothln-r hciiirh-. COLMAX. 41 til, cor. Spiv*
DRESSMAKERS.
A "I (il GEARY — DKESSKS MADE FOX *5
_1 U a up; dresses made over; patterns cut to
order.
RESSKS $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35c UP;
lawn $1 up. 605% Natoma st., above Sixth.
STYLISH SUITS. «3 UP: SKIRTS, 75c UP;
| tit eiiiranietii. 669»^ Stevenson, nr. Seventh.
_ ~- _ Eostl ■ "
C^T^rrTHE^ : lTVliTl^^T'7^O^T~3, AT
XJ the Market-street f -rry or on the Oakland boat
cr train (narrow gauge), a ''containing books
and papers of the \v est Indian Benevolent Asso-
ciation suitable reward will b« paid for return of
same to GEORGE CUTHB-RT, 632 Market su,
S. F.. room 26.
* OST — FOX-TERRIKR BITCH: LICENSE
XJ tag 1137: Darned Hazel: black and brown
face, blacK spot each side, black rump and tall;
$10 reward. Return 1210 McAlllversL *
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THK HIBERNIA
yj Savings and Loan Socety of San Francisco, in
the name of JOHN DELKH ANI Y. No. 122,268.
1 lie finder will please return to bank.
T OST— CAMEO AND PEARL BROOCH, WITH
Xj picture In the back. Suitable reward it re-
turned to 211 Valencia si.
ILL THK PARTY WHO FOUND LADY'S
cape at Emporium please return to 324^ San-
chez st. ; reward.
OST-:-QrARE GOLD _OCKKT; INITIALS
A. K. ; liberal reward. 522 Market, 2a floor.
"I O«*r - SEPTEMBER 6. SMALL YELLOW
X-i cur dog: blackface; fox-terrier size. Suitable-
reward on return to 640 Fell st.
T OST— SEPT. 6, IN VICINITY OF OCTAVIA
Xv and O'Farrell sts., white Spitz pup. Finder
will be liberally rewarded by returning to 8 1' ddy.
OS i— SEPT. 3 GOLD WATCH CHARM. A.
O. F. No. 7556. Court Twin Peaks. Return to
1143 Market St., bet Seventh and l-.ighth.
Qt ' WARD— LOST, ABOUT 3 WEEKS
«T«' ago, a gold hand with chain, on which is a
gold fish, horseshoe, coral beads and white sea-
sbell. Apply 121 S Claw.
~~ FOUND.
pAME TO^PR^MT^^^O^T7o^ r NE^CiTLL
and ray exiM-ns'-s MiC 'epultenec st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
GITANA, THK GYPSY QUKEN, 8 TURK ST. ;
truthful in her predictions; reliable In her al-
vice; no matter what troubles yon may have, come
and she will guide you rl^ht; no fake; satisfaction
guaranteed: otlice hours from 9 to 9.
MX. PORTKR. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card- reader, born v;ith a douole veil ant
second sight; ladles 60c. gents $1; palmistry aul
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk s:., nr. Jone.
\\ ME. SCHMIDT, CLAIRVOYANT, TELLS
J." past, present and future: success to all- for-
tunes by mall; low prices. 856 Mission su
MRS. L. EHRHORN, CLAIRVOYANT; SlT-
tings dally; 25c upward. 221 Fillmore su, nr.
Halght.
ADIES ARE INVITED TO CONSULT MRS.
DR. WALKER, clairvoyant and palmist. 629
Post st. «-•»_•
pONCHITA, CARD READING; PAST, PRES-
\J ent, future. 821 Howard st., room 15.
GYPSY LIFK-READKR, Kr.JIUVKU FROM 5
seventh to 11 Stockton: ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MME. HASSEN, PALMIST,
past, present and future: 25c. 148 6th St., r 6.
RE NOW NED GYPSY CARD-READER AND
palmist arrived; gents $1. Parlor 2, 122 Fosu
\\ MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM; RKVKAI_
M past, present, future: 26c up. 764 Howard st.
MME, RAVK.NA READS LIFE FLUENTLY
business advice; names glven:2scnp. 6 Fourth.
•\|ME. LtGETTE— PRESENT, PAST AND
J.U. future: 25c. 31 1 Tehama. upstairs, nr. Fourth.
■\|MK. DH. THOMAS. CLAIRVOYANT; 25
■I*- yrs Kearny. now _929_Po»C; fee $1; letter $2.
MME. SYBILLE SHOWS PICTURE"FUTURE
husband, wife; ladies 25c. 50c. 914 O'F«rreli.
SPIRITUALISM. :
A VERITABLK QUtKN AMONG WOMEN 13
MRS. PR. A. D. HOWE.
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEE $1 4 UPWARD'
HOPE, HELP. LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL-
Why that look of sadness? Why that downca«
»>ye? Are you In trouble, nick or "down"? if *;j
read this and learn that life is yet worth livin-'
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so man
thousands on this torsi in the ten years pa.-«t fi
•gain at her old offices, 1320 Market street, Han
J- ranclsco. ' and Is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either cull on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; succeji
brought to the unlucky: love to the loveless- tns
separated are united; the sick madestroni; tha
poor come rich; If you think your husband, wi.'a
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her trai-
s<endent power Is as far above those poor mortal*
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens art,
hlsb above the earth. NKVER FAILS. Shedoet
not know what failure meats! Her "Revealei
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) curs
every disease that human flesh is heir to. an l n»
matter of how long standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mail is always most sn>
cessful and satisfactory. All letters answered. '
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FKK *1 & UPWARD! FEK. $1 & UPWARD'
__& DR. A. D. HOWE,
. i , 1320 Market su, opp. Seventh,
San Francisco.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS, 1728 MARKKT ST."
diagnoses disease, with full life reading
from lock of balr; this week only for $1: her re-
vealed medicines work wonde>s with the sick and
afflicted. Write address plainly, Inclose lock of hair.
LARKIN— f.KCTCUKR TO-NIGHT ,
Harrison D. Barrett, president N. s*a •
slate writing, Professor Yatum. '* '
Ir«RIENDSHIPHALL7326~McALLISTKR Si'"
X 1 MRS. C. J. MKYKR holds meetings s,,n Men.
Thurs. and SaU; 7:30; clr. Tue.. Fri. 2 p. m.; slugs.
rrSKST-MfcETING T i-NIGHT; 10& 335 Mf>
X Alllster. Stltt, Bird, Cl> mons. Skeptics invited.
PIIUTUAI.ISTIC CIRCLE TO-NIGHT BY
Rev. Mr. Rowland: 26c 1 Flftb s:., parlor 1.
1 .ADIES' AID M-ETS TO-DAY: ADMISSION
\j free: tests: 3p. — ■ 326 McAllister st.
\\ R«. MAYO STEERS RETURNKD: SHORT
i>J time only; readings dally. 1015 Market st.
KS. GRIFFIN OF.._ SAN JOBK. CIl OLE
this evening: test to aI. 120 McAl;i«ter st.
rpESr CIKCLE TO-NIGHT; lOci MME
I YOUNG, 605 McAllister; all skeptics Invited.
IJIMHOP GARRISON. 1370 MARKET: SEA N-
i>cea Tuesday, Friday even's. 25c: 10 to 4 daily.
M. FRANCIS, INDE-PKNiJK.NT SLaTK-
. writer. 118 Halght St.; hours 9 unit! 6 i- _.
~~ HYPNOTISM.
H"^^YiPNOTTsM AnTlI vTTaX MXtTNtTrisM
practically and scleiitlticallv taught In 3 les-
sons, a so how to hypno iz<> Instantaneously, by
professor of the French school; a tool opportunity
is here offered to physicians and students of
science Interested In Its therapeutic effects; high-
est credentials: correspondence solicited. Call or
address the Hypnotic and Mesmeric Institute,
6 O'Farrell st. • • ■ •. ■..-;■.
PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
r ank sh ay, attorn ey- at-la w. room
-T 421. fourth floor, Parrott building (Emporium).
J~~ OHN K. i.ICHARDS LAW OFFICE*. ROOMS
'i i and 27, Crocker building; . telephone ilaiu
75. San Francisco,' CaL :
"JOHN R. AITKKN AND MAURICE L. ASHER.
0 _Ui_*:li*vv,r_i3 510,51t;, sU»lloor,l'arrouWd<.
BICYCLES.
"^~£7Pf^^r^inc^cTrrF^^ DAVID
\ N. HAWLEY, 3lw Market st.
FOWLER AND" "BEN HUR, $60: BEN HUR
X tandem, Tribune tandem, e^oa as new, $100:
all above ' 96. -DA V BROS., 25 Geary st. - • •
U AKGAiN IN A STEARNS iA.\D__l: A_3U
' > single wheels. 806 Post su ...
PARK CYCLERY-NEW WHKKUTO U£J:
best accommodations. Terminus i>eary, ,■ Uj-
Allist«T-anU Powell St. rwr ''!'■"-■■ f
FOX SALE-JUSCKLLASKOUS.
Nl^.'^REsiur^AlllLY^OWS FOR SALE.
Z Apply 1116 Foi*om st. ' '-
p'ORDON "SETTER PUP: 8 MONTHS OLD.
618% Filbert su ' -
|,AX AND FIXTURES: MUST BE SOLD; A
i> bargain. Address M. B-. box 20, Call Offlce.
KEAT 1 AN'r. PUPS FOR SALE; ALSO
IJ talking parrot. 1201 Valencia st.
On A. 800 RELIABLE INCUBATOR. BKOOD-
£\J\J er, y»rdB,s3o. 2427 Dwlght way, Berkeley.
IJAUS, tHOWCA>K«, Ct'U TKRS, «HELV
XJ ing. etc , bought and sold. 1063 .mission, nr. 7th.
COFFEE -Hi Li, SCALK*, Lt/rr PRK»->,
\J stand desk, money till, safe, cheap. lov; Clay.
UY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES A.\ D RAT-
H tan furniture at the factory and save retailer's
profit; get our prices. Cal. Rattan Co., 61 First st M
near Mission. • ' -^
SPLENDID REMINGTON TYPKWRITKK.
$45: others irom $iO up. RE V A LX. 409 Cat
i^olLkr.s.'kncJi nk >. 1 .- 1 1 a d MACHINERY.
if waterpipes. Mrln;os!i & Wolpman. 137 BeaK
/1O L N T h,K\> t-liK-V I*l'. S^iIOWCA -K-4
V bars bough: * told. ll'Jl Markt.tiet 7th — Htti
LL BABY CARKIAGKS AND CHAIRS AT
cost; hood lops, $5 50 up: repairing; open
evenings. S. !•'. Baby Carriage .Mfg. Co.. 442 Sixth.
GOOD SECOND-HAND BOILER; ALSO LOT
pulleys, shafting, etc W. _ BASFOiiD,
| 415 Washington m. •
i) HOllt-KPuWER GAS OR GABOLINK EN-
—i nine: good as new; $90. Apply 215 Bay st,
. UILDING.S BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHK4
' floors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
O.MS Aii-.i>it A.sit LARU_. riliS
lire and bnr»!.-.r proof Kafi*. 10?. 111 Mark?: \.
V RANiiKS CHEAPER THAN BKCON--
1' band. >V r . is. RAY Mi* Ca. 12 California »c
SEWING MACHINES.
UKIKDS bought, sold, exchanged,
renlod. repaired: lowpst rate-*. 'Mb Fourth su
musical instru3ients.
"'immense stock of new and sec-
ond-hand pianos from leading makers; no-
body can oner belter terms and prices; remember
ours Is the oldest and larg st music-house west of
Chicago: call or write. KOHLER «fc CHASE, 28
O'Farrell su, ban Francisco.
» CTUaLIY THE Bi ST BARGAINS IN PI-
A anos; see our 1 st tor this week; pianos on $3,
$4. $5, $6, «7. $8, $9, $10, $15, $20 monthly pay-
ments; fine stool and cover wiih each; delivered
free anyw]i-r« in the city and kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners The F. W. SPENCER CO.,
salesrooms 933 Market su, opp. Mason.
4-STORY BUII.DI.NO, CORNER OF
Kearny and Sutter sts., full of pianos: these
instruments are for sale on monthly payment* of
$8. if 4. $5, *6. $7. $8. *9, $10, $12, 815. $20 and \
$25 per month: the best of every grade from lowest
pr ces to bteinway Baby, ! Parlor and Concert
Grands: why pay rent when better pianos can be
bouKbl from us for about seme payments? every
piano guarantee i; fine wood-seat stool aiiddrapr-d
cover Included: no charge for dray age: pianos
kept In order by best concert tuners. SHERMAN,
CLaY & CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. also
Oakland, Cal., Portland, Or., Fenttle, Wash.; Stein-
nay representatives for tne Pacific Coait.
0" X ACCOUNT OF THE INCREASE IN MY
p uno business, my old quarters on Market
st. are entirely too small: I have therefore moved
Into my own building, at 526 Haves su, between '
Octavia and- Laxuiia, where I can now display
over four times the amount of instruments than
formerly : as I buy for cash and In carload lots
and have no rent to pay I can offer any one desir-
ing a piano or organ better value for less money
than any other music house In San Francisco.
Jit-spectra yours, J. HARRY »COTT.
ALL MUSICAL GOODS SOLD AT REDUCED
pries, pianos to rent and for sale cheap at
MAUVAIS',769 Market st.
T/*INE UPRIGHT PIANO: LITTLE USED;
I sp.endld tone, bargain. 115 Seventh st,
C*7^ BARGAIN: sTKINWAY PIANO. EX-
tjp i «J.ccilent order;ia .y terms. 221 Leavenworth
■\| AGNIFICENT STKIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
i'l .Schubert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Nesss
LkaRANCE saLK-HAINKs, KNABK AND
v^ Bush and Gen's pianos; clearinir-out prices
will rule. A. L. BANCROFT <fc CO., 324 Pos. SU
OOD UPRIGHT CHEAP FOR CA>H.
BOH M II/, 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
d I ?\(\ BURLED WALNUT UPRIGHT BOS-
O 1 1--*". ton make piano. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
\\! 1.. HaLHJEIU SULK AGENT FOR HALL.XT
' 1 •* Davis and Francis Bacon pianos, 406>ac'to
HICKKiUMi, KA'ABK. STICCIC, VOSK. STKK-
ling pianos: see our n«— la no lor $187: plaaoi
:cr rent. _.KNJ. CUKTA/5 « SON. 16 O'Farrell.
YivON AIAUiJY. 'MS J'O->r _T.— sUUM&il,
J J .Newby «fe Kvan^. Krlrcs and other pianos.
OUPKItIOR VIOLINS, ZITHKKH. OLD ANEW
0 H. .MIILLKR. m»k»r. r»rinlr»r. « l.»:hain
ED V V ATIONAL.
Mla-i E. L. BREEN, MAND^IIS~TEaTherT
i'l Italian method; terms low. 131 Post St.,
room 24: elevator.
C PANIsH,FRENCH,ETC.;Prof.D_FILIPPK'S
0 Academy of Languages, 32o Postst:estab'd 1871
VKKS, THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
Montgomery st. ; Individual in-ttruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.
Hie scholarship $50; low rates per week and mo.
TIKHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINb.Sd
College, 723 Market st : expenses, less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and night.
LAI A K. HYKR, PIANO, MANDO-IN BAN-
Ja 405 Geary, Itm. 17: thorough instruction
OuKKl'.Ni., WHII'NG, ARITHiIIC. UKAJItt
J-> day A- nl -lit: nocla«s<»>»: $5 month. 845 Mission
HOC. LOUIS MERKI: VIOLIN, MANDOLIN,
guiutr, cornet, reasonable. "25 Geary ,nr. PowlL
ADY-FROM LONDON AND PARIS TKACH-
es planqslnKlog,French:s3 mo. 1t. 14, 1002 Polk
MR. _ M US. KOL \NI ER, TEACHERS MAN
dolin, guitar, banjo. 93'> Market at.. opp. Mason
i^KLAsCO'a LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
1 ' Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1. O. U. F. block. 7th and Mkt
SCHOOL KLECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME.
cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture-
rssay. e3tab. '64. VAN DKRNAILLEN, 723 Mkt,
pKOFKSsOR G. MANSF_EI.D. TEACHER OP
J violin guitar, mandolin. ■ 1 nrAn 1707 Market.
MEDICAL.
"blessing" to ladies suffering
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects: never makes then:, sick to make them well;
traveler* helped Immediately; prices to suit the !
times; home In confinement. DR. A MRS. I
Da VIEs. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free: French regulating pink pills $_;
hours from V a. m. to 5 p. if. and 7 to 9 p. m.
LL, CASKS OF IKKKGULAUITIKS RK^
stored in a few hour.; safe and sure relief
guaranteed r travelers helped without ■!• lay; pri-
vate home In continemeut; regular graduate pny-
Rlcian; 30 years' successful practice; JIEDICa'L
ELECTRICITY used: ladles, consult the doctor
before going elsewhere; you will save time aud
expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. Dli. WYKTH, 916 Post st., near Larkln.
.NKW PROCKBS— NO M-DICINK, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home; all case* guaranteed :
if yon want to be treated safe and sure call on
man's physician. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny su
LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A IJOiJN TO
lades tronbled with Irregularities: no dancer:
safe and sure: $2 *0 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSGDOD 81. 05.. Oakland, Cal.
RS. GOODWIN. i>l.-EASSS WOMEN BPE-
clalty; unexcel ed in restoring irregularity or
other conditions: home in confinement: best care:
low fees: pills $'J. .Moved to 904 McAllister st
MR\ DR. WEGKNKR TAKES LADIES BK-
lore and daring confinement: Infants adopted
lii 10 good homes: treats all female complaint* or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su
URK CURK FOR ALLFKMALK DIS-EASE->
O from whatever cause: . a home in confinemen:
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GWYKR, 226 Turk St. '
MRS. J. A. ACH *RD, MIDWIFE— HOME IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 555 Mis-
slnn su ■ .-■ ;■-.--- ,
RS. M: K. RODGERS, PRIVATE HOMK IN
confinement; terms reduced. 929 Howard st.
r\R. DORA gray-all femalk~co>i;
XJ plaints restored; cure guaranteed. 327 fcddy.
IF IRRKGULAIi OR ANY FK.MALK DI-KA*E
see MRS. DR. PUK'I'Z and content. 254 Va 4th.
DR. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER NKAR
Jones. Diseases of women and children. -
"pKIVATK IN CON FIN KM KM MRa.
■ . PR FU.NC'KK. 1416 Klghth »U. Alameda.
ATTORNEYS- AT-L AW. —~
~~\ljvlcKy^K^JlVOHV^VAwZ^A^f^\?
XV ally j private; - no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, —alms, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at*
tended to. U. W. HOWK, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
VOAH F. FLOOD. LAWYER, 538 PARROTT
—V building; ' consultation* free; moderate fees.
KiNobRK <_ MALCOLM, ATTORNEYS AT
law, room 431 Parrott bulMln; (Kmporium).
LEGAL BUSINK-S TRANSACTED WITH-
out publicity: advice free and confidential. -J.
G. JEFFREYS, 402 Montgomery st., room 18.
DVICKFREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SCC-
ceaaful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market si.
\\l .-•*'. ARAM. ATT'Y-Ai-LAW,JKI PARJtOTT
' l; .bldg. Practices in all courts ;charges moderate
• W. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW CHRON-"
. id.- oldg: atlvu-e free: mn :erwt<»: open evngs.
TO LEASE. ~~ [ ~~
"LOR RKNT OK LKASK— 6O-VABa"lot"sF^
X cor. Polk and Jackson sts.: rent ■ $50 per
UOutb. Address J. b., 4-7 Sansonx> au. 8. F.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
AT AUCTION ; ' s"***? T~~*7~ <> ~*
AT AUCTION *i
BY
G. H. TJM BSEN «fc CO.,
Real Estate Agents, House Brokers, Rent Col-
lectors and Auctioneers.
Office and salesroom.
14 Montgomery street, near Market.
BY ORDER OF ADMINISTRATOR
WE WILL SELL AT AUCTION,
. at our salesroom,
TO-MORROW, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 10,
at 13 o'clock m.
First— lmprovements st 1226 Bush st and lot
30x137:6, south line, bet. Hyde and Larkin; boose
contains la rooms and bath.
Second— Southwest cor. O'Farrell st. and Carlos
place, bet. Powell and Mason sts., being 221 to
2'J7Vi O'Farrell st- and 10 and 12 Carlos place;
improvements several buildings in stores and
fiat« renting for about *223 per month, and lot
57:6x97:6, with an L. Terms of sale as per legal
notice of sale-
Further particulars can be bad at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN _; CO., Auctioneers, 14 Mont-
gomery st. ■
JJtIoOU. Post, near Van Ness; resi-
dence contains 10 rooms and bath: excellent loca-
tion for physician: lot 27:6x120 to rear street.
Particular* Of G. H. I'MBSfc.N »ii CO., 14 Mout-
goim-rvhU
A IMS; NEW, SUNNY, BRIGHT: BHi l()T;
" S5O cash. Sid month; open to-day. D. PRATT.
Fruitvale siation; THE McCAKIHY. CO., 646
Market St., S. .-'.
M. SPKCK «fc CO., 60 MARKET ST. ; BAR-
• gains worth noticing.
fflJOfin CASH $1500 IN MONTHLY PAY-
iJpO\J\J ments same a* r*nt, buys that lovely 6-
room cottage half block from Misslon-st cars: this
property is sold to satisfy mortgage.
CSQT^A 3 NICK FLATS ON LEAVEN-
•jpOIUU. worth St.; ail rented; pays 10 per
cent net; half cash.
1 C\f\(\ CASH. $1500 ON MORTGAGE.
O I \J\J\J buys 4 good flats near 4th su ; rents
about $30.
<2>l 0(\(\ CASH. $8600 BANK MORTGAGE,
tj) 1 \J\J\J buys 3 nearly new flats; car line; only
few blocks from City Hall; all rented; $47.
Qjjonnn cash. $30. .0 mortgage, BUYS
t3>£\jy '\J 4 flnu flats, half a block from Seventh
and Market sts. ; rent about $550.
<£ftfinn 8 5-ROOM COTTAGES, WITH LOT
ig)\J\J\J\J. 112 feet front: good location: paying
over 12 per cent: must sell loss no object. *
ffiOAnn 8 FLATS WITH LARGE LOT; 2
«JpOUUU..froats; rents «1000: near Call Office;
terms, one-half cash; any reasonable offer wanted.
(£l4 flflH 5 FINE FLATS ON MASON ST.;
«IpIT:.V/vl7. large lot; rents over $103.
<Bi 1 nnn corner (BUSINESS) on
tjp 1 0 .\J\J\J . Geary st., -near Wigwam.
<HM^ (\f\f\ BUSINESS PROPEKTY NEAR
*F-iO.\J\J\J. Fourth and Market sts.; rents
$4000.
' SPECK & CO., 602 Market st.
OWN YOUR HOMK.
STOP PAYING RKNT.
You can do It very easily. We will sell you a
lot or house and lot on wry small payments. A
lot will cost you from $360 to $400 and you can
pay lor it In $5 monthly Installments. The street
work is all done— graded, sewered and macadam-
ized; water piped to every lot; on the line of an I
electric road: best lots for the money.
DO YOU WANT A HOUSE AND LOT?
If so, come and see us. We have nice new cot-
tages thin we can sell on very easy terms. Or, if
you prefer, we will arrange to build one for you.
Prices from $1200 unward. Apply at office or at
our branch office, '3207 22d st., corner of Mission.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
"I Of ON THE PARK. ~
XJ livery wee* the number of lots in the block
bounded by 9th and 10th ayes., II and I sts. , grows
less and less. Do you want one? If so, see tue
I roperty and pick out your lot at once. —
PRICK $750 AND UPWARD.
TERMS $50 CASH. $10 MONTHLY.
You will do well to secure a lot now, as you will
never again be able to buy so cheap.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st. -
T>E AD THIS! BEST BUSINESS CORNER ON
X\ the San Leandro road and main street to
Fltchbure station; slse 100x100; cheap at $20
per front foot.
"OKSIDENCE CORNER, 100x100, 2 BLOCKS
XX from the :»an Leandro road; streets graded
and graveled; price 3500.
BUSINF.-S CORNER AT FITCHBURG BTA-
X> uoii; front ate to suit at $15 per front foot.
ONF. ENTIRE BLOCK, 200x600: WILL SUB-
dlvlde into 43 building lots: a good buy to hold
or mail at once to home-seekers.
BKST GARDEN LAND IN ALAMEDA
Count-.-, ior sale and to rent: will crow flowers.
fruits and vegetables to perfection; splendid j
chance to start a, nursery and grow cut flowers tor
the market.
/~|THER BARGAINS ON THE BEST STREETS
\J in the best situated locality for a growing town
outside the city limits of Oakland; low taxes; city
water, church, school, free delivery, etc.
Til aD. S. FITCH. Fiichburg.
W. F. McCLURE. 19 Montgomery St., 8. F.
C. BKMli*. """• : "
. I'.KAL -STATE AND LAND AGENT,
-324 MONTGUMJ_U_d'£
FOR SALE.
*2600— E. Hid" of srtsnyan su, bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feat.
$6700— 50x127 _• feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern bouses of 8 rooms each, at
para*; 25x137:0 leet; electrio road paeses bouses;
make offer. ... . . '
$8500— Elegant N\v. corner of Cole and Carl
»SoO— Choice building lots north of Dark.
Bargain— s>W. cor. Fifth ay. and C 5u:109x95 ft.
$4900,— -** 2UO » 420 : ~~
TERMS $500 DOWN.
BALANCE $35 MONTHLY.
JUST COMPLETED.
ELABORATE 7-ROOM: COTTAGE.
GOLDEN GATE AYE., NEAR BAKER ST.
TOBIN A McNALLY, 630 Market st.
GOOD INVESTMENT: PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
2 new bouses; all modern improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas; will sell cheap ; fine
marine view. Fillmore and Green sts.
EASY TERMS-GEARY ST., NEAR COOK,
■i 2-.itory 7-room and bath homes; 20 minu es
of Kearny St.: $3600; $500 cash; open daily;
modern. •
_________________ _
VI ISbION COTTAGES.
! In the warm belt near terminns of Howard-su
cars at 24th st, and Potrero aye. : all street work
finished ; terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
$2000 — Five-room cottage.
♦1600— Four-room cottage.
$1650— Four-room cottage. ' '
INOLEhIDK— MAUNIFIOENT RESIDENCE,
J near racetrack, on Flax ton and ration sts.; 11
rooms and bath, wooden mantels; all modern Im-
provements: lot t;_ :tixl2.->; sold at k great sacrifice.
G. W. H. PATTERSON - CO., 2 Valencia St.
WILL BUILD COTTAGES - houses or
flats at lowest prices for cash or installments
on your own lot or will furnish lot; call and ex-
amine plans. DAN EINSTEIN, Builder, 630
Market st. ■ .
(JjO^fln -FLATS; BUII.T TWO YEARS;
«!*OUUU. -.919 Pine St.; great bargain; lot 25
xl 37:8; choice li>call:y. Submit offer GOLD-
MKVhR. 1105 Mission. :
Qf{\(\(\ CASH. BALANCE BAMK AS RKNT,
<JpiJUU fora new bouse on ea-t side of Cole St.,
nearWaler: 8 rooms and bath; larue lot '.15x125;
ail modern Improvements. Apply on premises.
ÜBtsTANTiAL modern houmss built;
O $150 to $-7j a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
pn FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
asc free. *
. PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
C"~~6 A WOOIVH A yY GRAIN "EXCHANGED
\J for small improved ranch. Address J. WIL-
SON, 339 Hayes st.
TO KXCJiANGK —80 ACRES UNCULTI-
vated land, value $600, 30 miles south of Port-
land , Or. . for restaurant or lodging-house lv the
city. Address or call 17 Third st . room '2".
XCtiANGK— LAKGK LIST OF CITY AND
I Hicojntry property. UNDKRWOOI>,76S Market.
TO KXCHANOK, FOR COUNTRY PROPEK-
Iy — 12-ioom modern bouse: lot 64x235. K. D.
JUDD, 14.'-; Park St., Alameda.
p ROCERY AND BAR TO TRADE FOR
VJT small Improved ranch. , G., box 6, Call Ofiice.
K>_ Foil OVU. _is» V O*' o*i«.;liArtl> Ut).»l_d
lor sale. WUOaTKH & WHITTON. Han Joss.
1 ')>«!n Al KK> TIMBER LAND. KKK.N CO.;
J — .Ol f M, ; >. r: rlnffnrcaf'"-r':li> n:. N..bx.lB.Cml
PROPERTY WANTED.
T) R O WANTED— 500 ACRES OR
X more of good agricultural land in vicinity of
San Francisco at bedrock price; state full partic-
ulars. T. c box 97. Call Office.
STORAGE. : ,
TORACiK— CH^EA^EsTLN^TH^cITTrFYR-.'
proof building: advances made. 211 Larkin. .
IjUK.Ni IIKK, PIANOS, - TRUNK-; AD-
X I vances, »hipplns:. CUA& L. TAYLOK.2O4 PosU
4 B. SMITH FURNITURK CO., 132 ELLIS; ;
**■• low rates; fire-proot building; E«wi«i'u plao. ,
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
rpo LEASE— S36 ACRES; BAY PT .STATION,
X Contra Costa uo. MISS NEELY, 1614 Bush.
VARMISu THAT PATS- 50 CWT. HORSE
J beans per acre, -/5 tons green corn per acre, 60
tons pumpkins per acre, l£oo bushels onions per
acre are crops actually raised on land of Steel*
Kstate: richest land in California; In tracts from
5 acres up; also grain and dairy land: price to
suit the times; terms to suit the buyer: don't buy
poor land; the best Is cheapest. D.D.BARNARD.
Edna, cal. .
(tK() ADVANCE— CHIt KEN-RANCH NEAR
tJp-'Vclty; 3 acres; house 4 rooms, furnished:
Incubator anJ brooder; 5 chicken-houses; «10
month. , 130 Second su
pHICKEN RANCH FOR SALK; 14 ACRES;
\J low rent; 1000 laying bens. C. KNUDSEN,
Petaluma.
rpH_ FINEST HOG. RANCH IN THE STATE
Will be leaned for a term of years, or the rleht
party can secure a half interest in a good paying
ranch property, as :ne present owner Is not able to
give it the a; tentlon it requires; this property is
well Improved and well located and capable of car-
rying several thousand head of bo?* the year round.
For particulars adlressX. V., box 80. Call Office.
ANY ONK WANXINU A RANCH Fort
grazing purposes, or an orchard already Im-
proved, where only small cash outlay Is required,
balance In d or 7 years, apply 326 Montgomery st.
a LAMEDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND: CHOIC-
xv est in th* state; selling In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward, *35 per acre: adjoining lands held at $100
per ucre; owner forced to sell: IV5> hours from S.F.;
easy terms; title perfect. 67 Chronicle building.
LITTLE HOMES. CLOSE TO TOWN , IM-
proved: easy terms; also 4to I*2 acre piece's
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
HALFSKCTIOX OF GOOD LAND IN TULARE
County, for Improved or unimproved property
in Berkeley or Sun Francisco. Address A, box 87
Call Ulh>e. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
TO EXCHANGE— 6OO ACREB OF PASTURE.
train or fruit land In Tehama County: living
water and timber: 910 per acre; clear of Incum-
brance; perfect title; waut small rancb, or Oakland
or Berkeley proper;}-. Address Exchange, 1446
Filbert st., Oakland.
T^OR SALE— AT HIGHLAND PARK, COR.
1 Nineteenth avp. and Twenty-fifth St.: lot 140 x
850 feet; house of 10 rooms: grounds In lawn, or-
niental and fruit trees. Address CHARLES C
Bt:MI3, 3'J4 Montgomery su
ViY SPECIALTY IS :
I'l HOUSE-RENTING IN
• OAKLAND.
2 story modern 9-room bouse $25
1-story modern 6-room cottage 16
Upper sunny modern 7-room flat 16
AND 300 MORE.
WM. M. DeWOLF. House-broker and Rent Col-
lector, 1050 Broadway. Oakland,
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL^ ESTATE.
FOR SALE— ~~*~
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. : cottage 6 rooms, Everett st.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
ban Francisco property. Apply
_ ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.,
_^ _^ San Francisco, Cal.
T/<OR KENT— LARGK, NICELY FURNISHED
i- 6-room cottage, f 30; large 9-room house, finely
furnished, Central aye., $58; large line unfuru-
i-ued dwellings. H. D. JUDD, 1424 Park st.
ALAME °A HOUSES TO LET.
1/<OR RENT TSTALA^I-DA^^rilO^rCOT^
X tage; large yard, shed and chicken-yard; in
perfect repair and bandy to _ stations: 3 minutes
either way. Inquire HOMER P. HAKE, Lick
_ House i.aundrv. S. F.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HUMES FOR RKNT OR FoI^SALK
on easy terms. O. G. MAY <_ CO.. real estate,
building and loans. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
TOsEPit J. MASU.N. I;K.\L tSI'ATK AND
0 insurance agent. Kerkeler sain. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
FOR RENT — $30, INCLUDING WATER;
house of 10 rooms and bath, with garden and
lawn in front; large orchard, also some pasture
land: entire place comprises about 1j acres; street
macadamized live minutes' walk to train making
ha.f-hourly trips to city. For further information
call or address A. J. SNYDER- Co., 467 Ninth
su, real estate brokers, Oakland.
"I/OR RKNT, NEWLY FURNISHED COiF
x tage 5 rooms, lath and gulden, $20. 1932
Berkeley w«v, Fust Herkp'ev. ;.-..■■
MONEY TO LOAN. ~~~
<2t 1 C\l\ f)f\f\ AT LOWEST RATES; CITY
<FX\J\J.\r\f\J and Oakland: life Insurance,
bankbooks, stocks and bonds; estates; »ny sum.
SHAINW ALP, BUCKBEK&Ca, 218-220 Montgy
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
- V jewelry , also on furniture, pianos. Without re-
! moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEW__KY
I ORE, »48 Market st. : open evenings.
\\r ANTED— $1000 ON 8 PER CENT IN-
'» threat per annum: security, chattel mortcage
on business firm; machinery. Ad. M., box 48, Call.
ONKY LYING IDLK: TAKKATJS IN IKK-
•>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, bo* 'i. Call.
ONKY LUANKU ON J_W_._xlV A.VB
other valuables at the Security Lo*a Office.
21U6Market i st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 lure
1 \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. Km. t>B. Donohue bid*. 1170 Market st
ffljlA C\(\C\ OR LESS TO LOAN ON CITY
<IT> X\J.\J\J\J Improved real estate at 7 percent
per annum. M. B. LEVY, 30 Montgomery st.
i NY AMOUNT; IST, 'il> or i>D iIU«H.AUM;
■*»- estates, undivided interests, real estate la orj-
fcftte. McCO— HAN. 24 Montgomery, room 3.
";n UP; NO DELAY: IST AND 3D MORT-
iS>O\J gages: Int. In estates. MURPHY.62B -rkt
DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELKY. iiTU
J\ Colombia Loan & Collateral Ofiice. 9 Grant ay*.
ONEY TO LOAN ON CITY REAL ESTATE.
McKWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery St.
MONEY LOANKDON PIANOS; LOW RATES.
11 Mockton sr. Tel. No. Black 1201.
PAWNBROKERS.
WISK AND SAVE INTKREStT^MONEY
loaned on everything. Cut Rate Loan and se-
curity offlce, r 7, Hood bldg. : entrance KOa Mku
T ISJB KKARN > si.. h.00.M 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates;
private rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL/ ~T
X\J\J .» ] \l\t Apply mi 222. Cal.safe Dep.Bldg.
LEGAL NOTICES. i
V; OTICE OKS^n^E^FIfKAirEST^VTE^
X> In the Superior Court, in and for the Cit~ and
County of Pan Francisco, State of California,
Dept. 9, Probate. . In the matter of the estate of
LKWIS s-OHKR, deceased.
Notice is he eby given, that in pursuance of an
order of the Superior Court of the City and
County of Sun Francisco, Stare of California,
made on the Bth day of April, 1892. in the matter
of the estate of LEWIS SOIIKK, deceased. . the
undersigned administrator with the will annexed
of the estate of LEWIS SOHER, deceased, will
sell at public auction to the highest bidder lor
cash and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, on THURS PAY. the 10th day of Septem-
ber, 1896, at 12 o'clock _ at auction salesrooms
of G. H. Umbsen <& Co., No. 14 Montgomery
street. in the City and County of San Francisco,
nil the right, title. Interest and estate of tne
said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his death,
and all the right. title and interest that the
said estate has, by operation of law or other-
wise, acqnlred o.her than or In addition to that
Of the said LEWIS SOHER, at the time of his
death, in and to all those certain lots, pieces or
parcel.* of land situate and Deirig in th- City and
County of San Francisco, State of California,
bouoded and described as follows: '..■ ,-x/... .
First— Commencing at a point on the southerly
line of Hush street distant thereon one hundred
and thirty-seven feet and six Inches easterly from
the easterly line of Larkin street, running thence
easterly along said southerly line of Busn street
thirty feet, thence at right angles eoutheriy one
hundred and thirty-seven feet and six inches,
thence at right angles westerly thirty feet, and
thence at right angles northerly one hundred and
thirty-seven feet and six Inches to said southerly
line of Bush street and to the point of commence-
ment. . Being part of 50-var» lot No. 1367 m laid
oown on tue oill ial Map of the City of ban Fren-
cisco
Second— Commencing at a point in the southerly
line of O'Farrell street distant thereon one hun-
dred and thirty-seven feet and six inches easterly
from the easterly line of .Mason street, running
thence easterly along said southerly line of o' Far-
roll street fifty-eight feet to the westerly line of
Carlos place, • thence at right angles southerly
along said westerly line of Carlos place ninety-
seven feet and six inches, thence at right angles
westerly flf'y-eieht feet, and > hence at right
angles northerly ninety-seven feet ana six Inches
to said southerly line of O'Farrell street and to the
point 1 f commencement, being part of 50-vora los
No. 954 on the official map of the city of San
Francisco. - ...... . . ._ .
Terms and conditions of sale: Cash, lawful
money of the United states, ten per cent of the
purchase money to be paid to the undersigned on
ihe day of sale, balance on confirmation of sale by
said court. Deed at the expense of purchaser.
EMILB SOHER, Administrator with the will
annexed of the estate of Lewis sob— b, de-
ceased.
Dated August 18, 1896. ■;-••}■
W. A. PLUis'KETT. Attorney for Administrator.
Mills building.
j^" PHYSICIANS.
R- C 6. O'i>6NNKL_,'i2oa MAKKETrCORT
Golden Ga. e aye. : diseases of women a specialty.
1 \ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT, DR. JORDAN AT
XJ bis museum, 1051 Market st.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
me wont cases wealed saiisiaciuruy by oiaiU
-
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
6 TRADE— A LIGHT BUGGY FOR LIGHT
X business wagon. 813 Stockton.
XPRKbS WAGON, . BAKERY WAGON,
fruit wagon, butcher cart. 1620 Mission.
OOD DELIVERY HORSE AND WAGON.
Apply 1619 Powell St. .
1/OR SALJi, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
-T carriages of every desc lption ; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co.. 46-48 SiU st., S. F.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— TUB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In th*
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free.
TYPEWRITERS.
pAi.IGRAPH, $16: REMINGTON, $35. SCOTT
Vj A BAN NAN. 333 MontgomTy su
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
R. S. M_r:in and Emma Parks, 32-28.
J. C. Wood and Ida G. Tulleneri. 33—22.
G. Hayden and Bridget Cunningham, 39—38.
G. D. Brisley and Clara J. We Is. 26—24.
Paul Franke and Anna Kluze, 34—35.
H. Allione and Andrea Villegaj, 46—30.
A. C. Cabel and Nellie K. smith, 47—35.
B. B. Roberts and May Wlnn, 40—24.
MARRIAGES— DEATIfeL
fßlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They mus - be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persona autborllai
to nave the sam« published. J
BORN.
BETTENCOURT— In this city, September 7.
1896, to the wife of Marlon Bettenconrt, a son.
CHRISTENSON— In this city, September 4, 1896,
to the wile of Louis Christenson, a son.
MORGAN S-In Angels, to the wife of M. P. Mor-
. gans, a daughter.
NOLAN— In this city, September 6, 1898, to the
wife of W. H. Nolan, a son.
MARRIED.
GIBEAU— SULLIVAN— In this city, September
8, 1896, by the Rev. Father Collins, Edward
Gibeau and Mamie Sullivan.
MICHEL-FIsK- San Rafael. September 8,
1896. Fred A. Michel Jr. of ban Francisco and
Ivy FUk of Santa Barbara. , ■'- ■' : 'Vi' :
— — — — DIED.
Bamberger, Slgmund Fitzgerald, John
Barber, Arthur S. Griffin, Timothy
- Bassillio, Earl F. Hermann, Henry la
Colligan, Terrence V. Keete, John
Connell, Daniel H. Kins, James B.
Cook, Bessie Madden, Margaret
Corcoran. Ann Miller, Captain F. G.
Davis, Charles Rock. James F.
Ellis, Eliza Van H. Wilson, Hugh
BAMBERGKR— In Grass Valley, September 8,
1838. Sigmund, beloved husband of Bertha Bam-
berger, and brother of So onion S. Bamberger,
a native of Germany, aged 53 years 5 months
and 1 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 1451 McAllister street. Interment
Home o» Peace Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock a. m.
train from Third and Townsend streets.
BARBER— In Alameda, September 4 7, 1896, Ar-
thur Sanderson Barber, a native of England,
aged 79 yean 3 months and 13 days.'
43~Frienas ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., from his
- late residence, 1323 High street. Interment
private.
BASSILLIO— In this city, September 8, 1893,
Karl Francis, dearly beloved son of John F. and
Annie M. Bassillio, aged 3 years and 7 months.
COLLIGAN— In this city, September 7. 1896, Ter-
rence Vincent, beloved son of Terrence and
Jane Colligan, and brother of Mary J., Katie 1.,
Annie L., James A., William 8., Francis J. and
John I. colligan, a native of .-ran Francisco, aged
21 years 2 months and 16 days.
js.yKrleinls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock a.' m., from th«
residence of his parents, 1333 Vallejo street,
thence to St. Bridgets Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
CONNELL.-In this city. September 8, 1898. Dan-
iel H., beloved sun of Margaret and the lave
Dennis ' Connell, and brother of J. E. Connell of
San Diego. T. J. Connell, Mrs. T. McGrath and
- Mm. W. slebert, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
JO~Frieruls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. _.. from, the resi-
dence of his sister, Mrs. Tnomas McGrath, 29
Sharon street, off Fifteenth, between Church
and Sanchez, thence to Mission Dolores Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. — . . Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
COOK — In this city, September 7, 1896, Bessie,
beloved daughter of William and Clara Cook,
a native or San Francisco, aged 7 months.
CORCORAN— In this city, September 6. 1898.
Ann. beloved wife of Michael Corcoran, and
dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Charles Rellly,
Mrs- James Hughes and Mary Corcoran, and
sister of John McClosky of .Merced, a native of
the city of Dublin, Ireland, axed 70 years.
Friends and acquaintances are rasosol
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _.. from her late
residence, 549 Bryant street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requ:em hlKh mas* will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. — . Intermen: Holy
Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In the City ana County Hospital, Sep-
tember 7. 1896, Charles Davis, aged 73 years.
ELLIS— in Brooklyn Township. Alameda County,
September 6. 189 i, Eliza Van Home Ellis,
widow of the la:e samuel C. Ellis, M.D., of New
York City, and mother of S. E. Heuston, a na-
tive of New York. a?ed 91 years and 6 months.
a^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the « funeral services
THIS DAY (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. it.,
at the Church of the Advent, corner Twelfth
avenue and East Sixteenth street, East Oakland.
Interment private.
FITZGERALD-ln this city, September 7, 1838.
Joan, beloved husband of Julia Fitzgerald, and
beloved father of Anna Fitzgerald, a native of
Dungarven, County Waterford, Ireland, aged 52
years.
aarFrienrti and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 8:30 *. _ from his late resi-
dence, 635 . Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul.
commencing at 9 o'clock a. _. Interment. j Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
GRIFFIN— In the City and County Hospital, ■Sep-
tember 8. 1890, Timothy Griffin, aged 76 years.
HERMANN— In this cltv, September 7, 1895,
- Henry L.. beloved husband of Catherine Her-
mann, and father of Mrs. C P. Baughman, a na-
tive of Lanctsbier, Bavaria, Germany, aged 61
yean and 1 day.
friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from his
late residence, 9 Belvedere street, thence to St.
Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, near Page
street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
. mencing at 10 o'clock _. m. inter— ,eni Holy
Cross Cemetery. !
KliEFE— In this city, September 7. 1896, John,
dearly beloved and youngest son of Hannah and
the la'e David Keefe. a native of San Francisco,
axed 20 years 1 month and 7 days.
fISTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. — .. from his late
residence, 3 Russell street, off Hyde, thence to
St. Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
mast will be celebrated for the reposeof his soul,
commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. it Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. :
KING— In this city, September 7, 1898, James B.
King, son of ihe late Luke and Mary King, a na-
tive or Kan Francisco, aged 22 years.
aa-Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late
residence. 1105 Clay street, thence to St. Mary 'a
Church, Caliiornia and Dupont streets, where a
requiem hlsh mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of bis soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock
a. m. . interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MADDEN— In Oakland, September 7, 1898, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late Thomas Madden,
ant motnerof Mrs. T. McNamara, Mrs.P. W.
Reardon, Mr* L. Kelly and John, Adella and
Maggie Madden, a native of County Mayo, Ire-
land, aged 76 years an! 3 months.
jJSTJFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited 10 attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock a. _ from her late
resilience, 691 Twenty-third street, thence to Su
Francis de Sales < hurch, where a solemn requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the tepose of her
' soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock a. - . Inter-
ment St. Mary's cemetery, Oakland.
MILLER— In this city, September 7, 1896. Cap-
tain Frank G. Miller, beloved husband of Mary
J. Miller, a native of Massachusetts, aged 58
' year* >> months and 27 days. ■
-- JS3- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. _. sharp, under the
auspices of the Master Manners' Association,
at their hull. Alcazar building. O'Farrell street.
■ Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOCK— In this city. September 7. 1898, James F,
Rock.' a native of County Koscommon, Ireland,
aged 69 years 9 months and 15 days.
jjfg-Interment private. Please omit flowers. .- '
WILSON -Drowned near Stockton, September 7,
1896, Hugh Wilson, beloved son of John C. and
Acnes Wilson, a native of San Francisco, aged
25 years.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING. ASSO-
ciation — Tne regular monthly requiem high
mass tor the deceased members of the above
association, and for the deceased parents and
relatives of the members, will be celebrated In
St. Dominic's Church. Bush and Sleiner streets,
TO-MORROW (Thursday), at 9 o'clock a. m.
Friends are Invited to attend. '■ ■ ■:'■,■
McAVOY A CA-LACHER, I
FDNERAL DIRECTORS * EMBALMBRS,
SO fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
\i Telephone 3080. .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN MATEO . COUNTY; NEAREST C_lt_
tery to the city; non-sectarian ; in no sense ex-
clusive: location • unexcelled. . Office £97 Mark*
oureec, souUiciujt corner ot sixtU.
1314
AMERICAN PROTECTION AND BIMETALLISM.
JUDGE SPENCER
ON THE OUTLOOK
Says Republican Success Is
Next to a Cer
tainty.
SILVER AND FREE TRADE
Can't Understand How a Work
ingman Can Be a Demo
crat
THE NfXT LEGISLATURE.
It Has the Work of Electing a
United States Senator to Do and
Must Be Re-publican.
Judge E. B. Spencer of Lassen County is
in the City stopping at the Russ House.
Judce Spencer is an old Republican war
horse, a member of the Legislature, and a
candidate for re-election, which is the
same as saying that he wiil succeed him
self.
In talking of the political outlook last
evening Judge Spencer said :
"The thing in politics that I have never
been able to understand is how a laborer,
a worker, can be a Democrat. The thing
is inconsistency itself. Now I have been
reading Bryan's SDeeches carefully, and
upon my word it seems to me that they
should cure the ▼'orkers of this country of
any leaning they might have toward
Democracy. There is not a word of argu
ment in them — simply flat statements, un
supported by either reason or fact.
•'Mr. Bryan proclaims himself as the
friend of the workingman, and all in the
same breath he declares himself in favor
of giving the work to the foreigner and
opening our mints to foreign silver — to
pay what wages ma\' be earned — at home
here under his pronounced system of free
trade.
"Mr. Bryan is the most pronounced free
trader in the country," continued Judge
Spencer. "He carries the free-trade idea
further than any other man who has given
public utterance on the subject. There is
no doubt in my mind of tbe election of
McKinley. The sober, second thought of
the people is beginning to set in, tbe
country over, and will overwhelm dema
gogism with an absolute certainty. I have
not done much in the campaign yet, but I
am about to get out to work.
•'There has been very little agitation up
in the mountain counties as yet. I have
done some considerable traveling in this
State and through Nevada since the open
ing of the campaign and have taken pains
to learn the sentiment of the people and
from all I have seen am convinc d that
the Republicans will poll their full vote in
this Stale. What losses they have sus
tained have had their full compensation in
gains from the opposite party.
"I was over at Reno, New. a short time
ago. It is popularly understood that
everybody in Nevada is for free silver
coinage. Sittinc in the hotel I asked a
Democratic friend how many McKinley
votes would be cast in Reno. He said, 'A
dozen, perhaps — not more than twenty at
the outside.'
"That evening another friend asked me
to attend that evening the formation of a
McKinley club. I did so and discovered
a big crowd— lso names were subscribed
as charter members. That simply shows
what, reliance may be placed urion the
average Democratic boast. When the
workingman comes to realize that free sil
ver is inseperably linked with free trade
in the tenets of the new Democracy he
will be very caieful of how he vote 3to
perpetuate the current hard times. I cer
tainly expect to see the Republicans carry
this State. Republic an sentiment is grow
ing rapidly. It is necessary that the next
Legislature be Republican on account of
the duty imposed upon that body to elect
a United States Senator.
"The State Senate will be Republican
beyond peradventure on account of the
holdovers, but enough members of the
House are to be added."
Speakine of the progress of the cam
paign Judge Spencer said: "Up in the
mountains, as I have said, very little has
yet been done, but things will soon begin
to warm up. I have beard the speeches
of Congressman McCall, General Barnes
and Hon. M. M. Estee. They were all
gieat speeches, unanswerable in their
arguments. Their effect will spread over
the entire State."
Judge Spencer expects to return north
in a few days and talce an active part in
tne campaign.
REPUBLICAN LEAGUE.
An Enthusiastic Meeting Held Last
Night in the Pioneer
Bulldlnsr.
The Republican National League are
keeping the fires ot Republicanism
brightly burning. Their weekly meeting
at their rooms in the Pioneer building on
Fourth street last night was full of en
thusiasm and replete with stirring music,
speech and song. Tirey L. Ford presided
and was warmly applauded. The National
League Glee Club sang a number of ex
cellent campaign songs, and Miss Mabel
Gruman added much to the entertaining
features of the programme by a recitation,
which was promptly encored.
Not the least interesting of a specially
interesting programme was the personal
testimony of two of Major McKinley'a per
sonal friends — A. R. kannea. tormerly of
Canton, O!;io, and Mrs. George E Snen
cer, who recently came from the East to
California.
Hon. J. A. Stephens made the principal
address of the evening and clearly demon
s.rated the fallacies of the Chicago plat
form, and wrought his audience up to a
high pitch of enthusiasm.
He made it clear that of all men in
America the men who work for wages
should be the last to aid by their votes
the degradation of our financial system.
Coming, as he does, from the State of Ne
vada, he spoke from personal knowledge
SEW TO-DAT.
BS&BBSSSS&SBBBSHSB3I
I! A Cold i
§M should be checked before It »3
gjftg gets a hold upon the system^ gjgj
Fred Brown's
Jamaica Ginger
|K3 Taken after exposure to cold or wet. SB
&A reinforces and stimulates the -ays- HE*
fXf tern. Effective for all stomach dis- iSIQ
raja ' orders. Sold everywhere. ' («W
ggjft FKEU Ki:«l\VN CO., Philadelphia, ftft
of the motives that govern the leaders of
the silver movement and the peculiar
change of heart of Senators Stewart and
Jones. He spoke in high terms of these
gentlemen, personally, but said the crisis
was too grave to follow them into tbe
field of their wild, financial experiments.
He concluded with an earnest and elo
quent appeal to the laborers of San Fran
cisco.
Air. Kanaga told of the early manhood
of McKinley and of his struggle for ad
vancement. At his home his popularity
was greatest among the laboring people,
whose champion he had always been. In
fact, it was the labor vote that repeatedly
elected him to Congress despite an occa
sional gerrymander of his district by a
Democratic Legislature.
Mrs. Spencer graphically portrayed his
heroic self-sacrifice at the National Repub
lican Convention of 1888, when he reso
lutely declined a proffered nomination for
the Presidency which his hish sense of
honor would not permit him to accept
when his State had instructed her delega
tion for another.
Senator Ford closed the meeting with a
few limely remarks, informing the audi
ence that the clubrooms were always open
and extending a cordial invitation to
those present to visit the cluorooms fre
quently, and especially on the Tuesday
evening meetings of the club.
The meeting then adjourned with three
cheers for McKinley and the Republican
party.
Slernlngr the Roll.
BERKELEY, Cal., Sept. B.— The roll of
the National Republican League Club of
Alameda County is being circulated in
BerKeley. This club was organized in
Oakland on September 1, with Ex-Mayor
William R. Davis as president. The roll
bears a charter membership of 300 name 3.
About tifty of Berkeley's most prominent
citizens have subscribed their names to
the constitution of the club.
Ready for Duty
OAKLAND, Cal., Sept. B.— The Na-
Officers of the Scandinavian Republican dub, Which Has Been Organized by L. C Larsen
and Viggo Konig*
tional Republican League of Alameda
County is now completely organized with
a complete constitution and set of officers.
These latter are: W. R. Davis, president;
J. E. Farnum, first vice-president; M.
C. Chapman, second vice-president: John
A. Britton, third vice-president; Dr.
George H. Derrick, treasurer; Murray
Laidlaw, secretary; Henry Maloon and
P. H. Felley, sergeants-at-arms. Regular
meeting will be held each Monday even
ing.
DEMOCRATSFORM'KINLEY
Lincoln Club of the Thirty-First
District Gaining Con
verts.
Mechanics and Laboring Men Have
Tired of Ceveland sm and Seek
Protection.
In the Thirty-first Assembly District
there is a comparatively new political or
ganization called the Lincoln Club.
Organized scarcely six weeks ago it al
ready has a membership of a little over
300 voters, nearly 25 per cent of whom are
reformed Democrats — mechanics and la
boring men.
"One night we took in seventeen Demo
crats. That was the best single haul
made," said President McCann yesterday.
"But we are getting the boys in right
along; first one will flop and then another.
Some, of course, have been Democrats too
long to give up the party entirely, but
they are all right for protection and Mc-
Kinley at the head of tlie ticket. Let
them favor if they will their old friends
in the precinct that may be running for
office. It is the great principle of protec
tion that we're after and we're workiue
hard to turn the Democrats our way. The
Republicans we're not worryine about, for
they'll come in themselves.
'•The membership of the club is made
up of men who know what an honest day's
labor means and who are not afraid of it.
But there are men among them that have
not had employment for many weeks and
they do not need fancy speeches to con
vince them of the difference of times be
fore Cleveland and times under the Demo
cratic rule.
"We're going to meet again Saturday
night in the little hall we use on Ninth
street, near Mission, and we will have
some more Democrats to sien the roll
alter r citations and music by the band.
And, by the way. the boys of the band say
they're going to bring in about thirty new
members at the next meeting.
Buckley's Wagon Huslnesg.
Articles incorporating the O. F. Willey Com
pany, the purpose of which is to deal in
wiigons and carriages, were filed yesterday
wim the County Cleric. The capital stock is
$50,000, of which $000 is paid up The incor
poraiors are: F. \V. Babeock of Watertown,
N. Y. ; <\ A. Buckley, Livermore, Cal. ; O. F
Willey, L. J. Loop and Joseph Xapinaly, of San
Francisco.
T&E SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 9, 1896.
SCANDINAVIANS
FOR McKIKLEY
An Organization of the
Hardy Sons of Norway
and Sweden.
ENERGETIC WORKERS.
Protection Means Prosperity and
a Revival of Busi
ness.
CONFIDENCE IN SPRECKELS.
With Him as a Leader Politics Can
and Will Be Made Respeo
table.
Washington Hall, 35 Eddy street, con
tained a large and enthusiastic gathering
of the members of the Scandinavian Re
publican Club last night, at which un
bounded enthusiasm for Major McKinley
and the Republican party was manifested.
This : Scandinavian .Republican Club,
which held its first meeting July 2, 1896,
was organized by L. C. Larsen of the well
known firm of Larsen Bros., contractors,
and Vicfgo Konig of the Manhattan, at
151 Fifth street. Since its formation there
has been added to its roils the names of
some of the most prominent Scandina
vians in the City until now it numbers
over 400 members, all of whom have taken
a great interest in the coming campaign,
local as well us National. They believe
that with John D. Spreckels as a leader of
the Republican party in this City the Re
publican party can be made such that all
men having the interest and welfare of
the City at heart can vote for the party
nominees.
The natives of Norway, Sweden and
Denmark who have made the United
States their home have shown their fitness
for American citizenship by conforming
to the laws and customs of their adopted
country. They have not been heard of in
politics before, but this year they are de
termined to make their influence felt on
the side of protection and good govern
ment.
The sentiments as expressed by the
speakers at last night's meeting clearly
showed that the members of the Scandi
navian club are thoroughly well informed
upon the politics of the day.
President Clausen, C. H. Petersen and
Al Olsen spoke on campaign issues, and
L. C. Larsen, the organizer of the Scandi
navian Republican Club, gave a brief his
tory of how the Democratic party treated
the laboring-man in the South.
• The club is now launched forth for the
campaign. It will hold regular weekly
meetings until the day of election.
The officers are :. President, M. -F. Clau
sen : vice-president, Alfred Olsen ; secre
tary, Viggo Konig; treasurer, C.J.Peter
sen; sergeant-at-arms, D. Magnussen.
•—• — ♦ — «
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Nealon and Bonnet Play a Great Game
Against Champion Riordan
and Lawless.
A great game of handball was played in
the San Francisco court Monday after
noon, the contestants being John Riordan,
tbe coast champion, and Joe Lawless
against J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet.
The game was the best of three and
the play was swift and exciting from the
start. Nealon distinguished himself by
his returns, which were low and hard. He
and his partner lost the final by two aces.
There were several good games at this
court, which were ail marked by close
and exciting finishes. Among them was
a game in which P. T. Donnelly, the ama
teur champion, and J. Riley played against
C. McNulty, T. Walsh and W, Riley witii
the rubber ball and won.
The event of the day at the Union court
was a game in ' hich the old-time rivals
participated. R. Leniban and J. Nelson
turned the tables on J. J. Feeney and
Terry McManus, the heavy-weight cham
pion, winning tbe final of the great
struggle by four acos.
Another game that aroused great inter
est was the contest between Billy Gal
lagher and Harry .Yin neck against Dick
McCradie and Dr. Caliahan, the two
latter winning.
Several interesting games were played
at the Mission Athletic Club court Tom
Barry, the manager, challenges the Eu
rekacourt, on Eighteenth street, to play a
series of games, amateur and profes
sional, for the championship of the Mis
sion, for any amount from $1 to $50.
Following" were the games played in the
courts yesterday:
San Francisco court— R. Shields and Doc
Molloy defeated T. Sullivan and R. Shay, 21—
13. 15—21. 21—19; P. J. Donnelly and J. Riley
defeated C. McXultv, T. Walch and \V. Riiey
with a rubber bail. "21— 13, 16-21,21—19; \v.
Stnnsbury and W Hamilton deieated M. Mc-
Clure and M. Edw'arus. 21—14, 17—21, 21—20;
G. McDonald ana \V. Manning defeated M. Mc-
Neil and Dan Rodger?, 21—12, 14—21, 21—17;
J. White and George Dalil defeated J. Collins
and E. Curlev, 21—15, 17—21, 21—20; D. Rod
fterß and If. McNeil deieated W. Manning and
G. McDonald, 21— 15, 14— 21, 21—18; J. Fee
ney and J. Purcell defeated G. llutchinson
and P. Kelly, 21—14, 16—21, 21—19; J. Rior
dan, coast champion, and J. Lawless defeated
J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet, 21—14, 17—21,
21—19.
Union court— T. E Willey and M. Turner
defeated R. Murphy and J. Flynn, 21—16, 14—
21, 21—15. Biliy Gallagher and Harry Fin
neck were defeated by Dick McCrßdie and Dr.
Callahan, 21—18, 14—21, 21—9. Teddy Mor
ris and Jacit Grady defeated John Bolster and
J. Bradley, 21—19. 17—21. 21—16, H. Mc-
Kenney and W McGuire defeated W. Brince
and George McGuire, 21—17, 15—21, 21—14.
W. P. Doran and J. Freeman defeated F. G.
Doran and W. Heffernan. 21—18, 17—21, 21—
12. T. Fay and M. Basch deteated J. Hogan
and J. Daly, 21—15. 13—21, 21—17. J. C.
Johnson and R. Patterson defeated J. Ken
nedy and Phil Laughan, 21—16, 15—21, 21—
18. J. J. Feeney and Terry McManus were de
feated by R. Leninan nnd J. Nelson, 21—16,
15—21, 21—18. 19—21, 21—17.
Mission Athletic Club court— J. Matisz and F.
Mack defeated J. Eberl and S. Matisz. M.
Bohen and J. McGovern deieated Terry Nolan
and Patrick Ryan.W. T.Sullivan and Tom Barry
defeated M. Kelly nnd Al Burns. J. McGovern
and M. Bohen defeated Tom Barry and T. L.
Brennack.
Met in a Parlor.
A parlor meeting in the interest of woman
suffrage was held this afternoon at the resi
dence of Mrs. Frank L. Whitney, on the corner
of Sacramento and Laguna streets. The large
parlors were filled with representative and in
tellipent women. Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt,
the distinguished speaker from New York,
spoke to the audience for over forty minutes.
She spoke of the ballot in the hands of women
as being a great power for good in counteract
ing existing evils. Altogether it was a very
successful meeting.
INCENDIARY OR CHANCE?
A Theory That the Stoneman
House, Yosemite, Was Set
on Fire.
Commissioners Will Investigate, and
Then P.' an for Some Temporary
Buildings.
Guardian Galen Clark of the Yosemite
Valley thinks that the Stoneman House,
recently entirely destroyed by fire, was
lost to tbe State by the act of an incen
diary.
The first reports, it will be remembered,
attributed the cause of the fire to faulty
flues and crevices in the brick chimneys.
The official public reports on file in the
office of the secretary of the Yosemite
Commissioners tell a very different story.
At one point in his account of the de
struction of the State property the
guardian says:
"The flues of every chimney were thor
oughly lined with sheet steel tubing from
the fireplaces below to some three or four
feet above the chimney and capped with
spark-extinguishing boards. It is my
opinion that the tire never originated
from accident, but was purposely set by
some unknown person. He also de
clares that there had been no fires in the
furnaces since the day before. When the
hotel was formally closfd for the season.
This is all he Bays about the cause of
the fire, but the Board of Yosemite Com
missioners will meet in this City next
Monday, when Governor Budd will be
present to engage in further inquiries into
this supgestive report and also to consult
as to what arrangements shall be made to
provide proper accommodations for tour
ists visiting the valley next season.
The Commissioners have let the con
tract for two new bridges in the valley to
T. G. McCandlish of Coulterville, the
lowest bidder, and he has already started
on the work of construction. One bridge
is to span the Merced River at the Cas
cades in the lower end of the va.ley, and
the other will be built near Bridal Veil
Fail. The cost of the two bridges will be
$1570. They will be completed by Oc
tober L
Father Torke's Next Lecture.
"The Son of a Carpenter, or the Catholic
Church on Labor," the third lecture of the
■erisson "Current Controversy." will be given
by Father Yorke at Metropolitan Hall next
Monday evening, September 14, binder the
auspices of the American Women's Liberal
League.
One million will read "Mechanics' Fair
Daily. "Advertise now. Mysell R0111n5.22 Clay.*
HOME RULE GAINS
IN ALL PLACES
Protection Recognized as
the Issue of the Cam
paign.
CALIFORNIA IN FRONT
What Chris Ryer Observed on
a Visit to Democratic
Mexico.
LABOR'S PAY IS LOWEST THERE
Only Twenty Cents a Day for Work
end Four Dollars a Day for
Room Rent
The work of Secretary Higgins and of
his clerk, Jake Steppacher, of the Repub
lican State Central Committee, has in
creased so much within tbe past week that
they are now obliged to labor fourteen
hour 9 per day with the voluminous mass
of correspondence pouring in from all
parts of the State.
These letters show that Republicanism
is gaining strength in every quarter every
day, farmers and business men realizing
that protection is what is needed in the
United States to start and keep the wheels
of the factories moving. All other so
called issues are merely makeshifts along
side this one.
Visitors from the interior tell the same
story. C. T. Carlston of Merced says that
the necessity for protection is fully recog
nized in that county, one of whose chier
industries under Republican administra
tions was wool raising and which indus
try was ruined by the operation of the
Democratic tariff. The majority of these
sheep-owners were Democrats, but they
declare now that they will vote for McKin
ley and protection.
J. C. Gibson of Templeton, San Luis
Obispo County, says that the RepuoJicans
of that part of the country are all right in
their devotion to the cause of home rule.
They believe that the United States should
cease to be tne dumping ground for the
pauper-made poods of Europe.
Chris B. Ryer, a representative of a
wholesale house in this City, recently ar
rived from thi City of Mexico whither he
bad gone with Mrs. Ryer for the purpose
of engaging in business in that free-coin
age country.
What lit found there was very discour
aeing: to the spirit of enterprise. Of the
425,000 inhabitants of the City of Mexico
he tound that about 300,000 are beggars or
peons workinp for twenty cents per day
Mexican money. Owing to cheap silver
prices of everything except labor are about
twice os high as they are in the United
B ta'es.
This fact was strikingly illustrated on
the train on which Mr. and Mrs. Ryer
traveled from San Francisco to El Paso.
Nine dollars was the charge for a berth in
a Pullman coach. After the train crossed
into Mexico $18 in Mexican money was
charged for the same distance.
On the buffet-car before crossing the
border into Mexico a glass of lemonade
cost 15 cents. Alter entering Mexico the
same glass of lemonade on the same car
costs 30 cents in Mexican money.
A room at a hotel without board costs
from $2 to $4 per night.
Meals cost twice as much as they do in
San Francisco. In other words, prices
have been raised to equal the difference
between the bullion value and the coin
value of silver.
Mr. Ryer saw a large number of Ameri
cans at the American legation in Mexico,
among them M. F. Tarpey, Democratic
National com tnittecman from this Slate.
They were investing in silver mines,
which will be valuable property should
free coinage be adopted by the United
States. Inthatevei:t a large number of
men now in moderate circumstances will
become multi-millionaires.
John A. Si eehan of the firm of Sheeban
& Harris, proprietors and editors of the
S icramemo News, was in the City yester
day with good tidings from that county.
The working people there, and they com
pose the great mass of the people, are tor
McKinley. They believe, and rightly, too.
that protection tends to keep wages up
and to elevate the standard of living.
POLITICS AT STOCKTON.
Six Democratic Candidates for
the Senate to Stand T. V.
Cator Off.
The State Committee to Run Four In
stead of Sixty Interior "Openings"
Saturday Night.
Chairman Alford and several of the
active Democrats who run State politics
from the in9ide, went to Stockton yester
day, and to-day and to-morrow there'll be
large politics done up there while the
bands p!ay on Admission day and the
headquarters at the California Hotel
gather dust.
Frank Gould, Gavin McNab, Chairman
Alford, Governor Budd, Steve White and
a long list of those fellows who are wheels,
cranks, safety valves and piston rods in
the Btate machine will unbutton their
vests, order another with straws and en
deavor to accomplish fusion of ideas.
It is understood that one of the fields
that will be worked while the populace at
large is given over to innocent joy? is that
of Legislative fusion with the Populists.
Frank Gould is chairman of this Legisla
tive and Congressional Committee, and
the other members are Gavin McNab,
Governor Budd, Stephen M. White, W.
W. Foote and James G. Maguire.
Every last one is a candidate for the
United States Senate, and so they are all
supposed to be ready to hustle for tae said
Legislative fusion like a black-and-tan
after a woodchuck. This committee is
quietly engaged in watching T. V. Cator,
the great Legislative fusionist of the day,
and in engineering, stimulating or re
pressing Popocratic district attractions.
There'll be lots of the county politicians
at . Stockton. Fusion on Assemblymen
and Senators has already been accom
plished in several districts, and other deals
are in progress. Some of the State lead
ers also expect to take advantage of the
warm spots in iome Democratic hearts up
there and secure a few bits for the State
campaign fund that is yet an empty
dream.
The lack of money from which tbe State
Democracy is suffering is not the only evi
NEXT TO-DAT— DKT GOODS.
SPECIAL SALE
Dress Patterns!
The Best I Values Ever Offered
in San Francisco.
$10.50 Dress Pattern
44-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY
BOUCLE AND CHEVIOT
PLAIDS, colors Heliotrope
and Green, Brown and
Red, Green and Tan and
Navyandßrown - $7.00 Dress Pattern
50-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
CAMEL'S - HAIR BOU-
RETTE, colors Navys, Ol-
ive, Browns, Hunters and
Black.
$7.00 Dress Pattern
44-INCH NOVELTY FRENCH
TWO-TONED BOUCLE, 1% 11
colors Black and Red, Black §d."d D^SS Fatteni
and Olive, Black and Brown AA lwrH/ ,n WIIIWC CDCKI . U
and Rlark «nri Ri.,» 48-INCH GENUINE FRENCH
and Black and Blue. TWILLED CHEVIOT, col-
ors Browns, Greens, Navys
and Black.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
dence of the apathy of the Democratic
campaign. One of tae great initial pians
of the campaign has just slumped into
dismal failure.
Ten days ago the speakers' committee,
Chairman Alford and a few other leaders
met and formed and announced the bril
liant plan of having a great interior
"opening" of the campaign. There were
to be mass-meetings on the evening of tbe
12th inst. at every county seat in the State
and several other important centers.
On that evening there was to be one
blaze of campaign enthusiasm from Sierra
to San Die«o. At some sixty mass-meet
in cs an army of orators and legions of
Democratuiists were to raise a glorious
chorus.
The committee has just four mass-meet
ings arranged for the 12th inst. It hopes
to bend out two more speakers on that
night.
Eugene N. Deuprey of Ban Francisco
will speak at Petaluma, W. P. Straaley of
San Francisco at Salinas, Frank D. Nichol
of Stockton and C. C. Wricht of LO3
Angeles at San Bernardino. Stephen M.
White speaks at San Jose Friday evening,
and he may speak at Valiejo Saturday
night. Congressman Maguire will go East
on legal business to be gone a week, and
he will not be available.
Lectures on Socialism.
The Jewish section of the Socialist Labor
party was addressed at its headquarters last
night at 970 Folsom street by Leo Gasser, on
"The Attitude of Wage-Earner3 to Socialism."
Rev. J. E. Scott will speak to-night (Wednes
day) at the Turk-street Temple at the mass
meeting to be held by the Liberty Branch of
the Socialist Labor party. His topic is one
that promises a large audience, as* he will
spean on "Some Reasons Why I am a Social
ist."
While traveling with a wagon load of social
ist literature to the Union Ironworks Mon
day evening the horse ana wagon were driven
into the dumps instead of over the bridge
which spans the portion over which the
wagon should have journeyed. The occupants
were thrown out, but no one was hurt.
Zang, the Wife-Beater.
Charles Zang, engineer in a stoneyard at
Fourth and Townsend streets, appeared In
Judge Low's court yesterday to answer a
charge of battery upon his wife Sophie. He
was surrendered into custody by his bonds
men. He then asked for a continuance till to
morrow, and it was granted. On Friday
night he choked his wife so hard that she had
to be taken to the Receiving Hospital. He
has been several times arrested for the same
offense.
Ocean View Improvement,
The regular semi-monthly meeting of the
Ocean View Improvement Club was held at
Taylor's Hall last evening. Messrs. Brown,
Carison and Taylor were appointed a commit
tee to present the petition lor a night school
A t ir?- C H ail iXA eW i t0 the Board of
Already 100 signatures are attached ;o the
petition. Messrs. McNulty ana Neubauer were
appointed delegates to the Associated Im
provement Clubs.
Grabbed a Purse.
Frank Stanly, alias Stevens, was charged
with robbery last evening. He was accused
by Mrs. Lottie Wllaou of grabbing h" pSrse
For AdinUs on Day
There will be a special matinee performance
'Th fi a wffP»°>? n ,», at n- the , Columbla Theater of
Ihe Wife by the Frawley Company.
On the Tomb of Washington.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Sept. 8. - The
Chinese Minister, Yang Yuen, accompa
nied by several members of his legation,
visited Mount Vernon yesterday, by special
train, and deposited on the tomb of Wash
ington the handsome wreath which Li
■rlung Chang was prevented by inclement
weather on Sunday from placing there
with his own hands.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Til tv- ,*
MAGKAY'S
CBljDilow Axminsters $1.35
Imperial Te1Yet5........ 1.00
a Lowell Body Brussels- ... no
A Best Tapestry Brussels — 1.10
Best Tapestry Brussels-.. .15
" Other Grades from ,50
Rill fool Ingrain .55
Linoleums from — .35
These prices are for tha
P choice of our stock. All new,
fresh goods for our Fall trade.
No trash.
All prices to Include sewing:
, and laying.
C We Have All Kinds of Furniture
At correspondingly low
T figures.
WATCH OUR WINDOW FOR
PRICES
ALEX. MAY 4 SON,
715 Market Street.
Cifß F o»4 ROOMS
%^ if +Jf consisting or
i^xjaei.KriTXJHJEi
PARLOR,BEDROOM I DININGROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard - • |J> CWrts
Oil Cloth, per yard *» Cento
Matting, per yard .... ; iojT^
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces »*5 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror «*5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
4(O POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
Ladies' ROOM
OF THE *VV^V«/IVX
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
OPKN VSitll- MII>NIOHT.
JEApIRGMSI^
FOR D£!OORATINa
S. B. CH U KCU, 30" Sxnsome at.. Room L
ig§ii;ss Belts IUI (J)JU.
gh* il&y^^^^^lQ uld-fash!oned and poorly
KSX^iLVi-- *£■ made - can •» «Ml by pay.
■iHwH^KfifliiUli iuK your money to elec-rla
Je^^P^SF belt '-quacks- and travel
FfJx$ST-iOf^i^r-^ Ing "fakers." For a first.
/*"styf> ' -class article at a reaaonabia
'SSsi? price rite op call for free
*W copy of our new book. jljr.
FIERCE & SON, 70* Sacramento st., cor. Keara*
itcoaU, UxitO. and toazth floors, 6an Francuco.