VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 167.
STORY TOLD BY
A BRITISH SPY
Detective "Jones" Testifies
Against Edward J.
Ivory.
. Joined Camps of the Friends o
Ireland in Order to
' • B.tray Them.
THE PRISONER HELD FOR TRIAL
Great Nervousness Displayed by the
Informer Employed by the
English Government
LONDON, Ekg., Nov. 13.— Edward J.
Ivory, the alleged dynamiter, was com
mitted for trial to-day by the Bow-street
■ police magistrate.
In accordance with the prisoner's pre
vious request for the protection of an
American citizen Mr. Carter, representing
the United States embassy, was present to
watch the proceedings. A witness was
called to the stand wnose name was with
held from the public, but was written on a
piece of paper and handed to the cleric.
The witness, whose name was given as W.
A. Jones, proved to be a Government spy,
who was sent to the United States in 1891
to watch dynamiters. He joined the
United Irishmen in New York and was
initiated into the Shamrock Ciub in the
presence of Tynan, Kearney and other
prominent Irish agitators. Subsequently
.a new Irish camp was formed, of which
the witness was elected treasurer.
The prisoner detailed his connection
■witn the methods of the Irish society in
New York and said :
"I retain a complete set of documents,
covering several years, containing the
names of members and changes in the or-
ganization, including the details of the
. convention names of delegates of the
different camps, etc. One convention was
held in 1692, and the next was held in
Chicago in September, 1895. Kearney's
camp was 152. It has since been dis
banded. Kearney is now vice-president of
camp 81. Tynan's camr> is No. 98 and
Jones' 81. In going to the Chicago con-
vention in 1895 tne members had a special
car from New York to a pace called
'Ferry.' I mci Kearney, who introduced
me to the prisoner, saying he was a
brother."
Jones said tnar part of the money con
tributed to the Natally Club was devoted
to a revolutionary fund, and money was
also called for to pay for celebrations of
the death of the "Manchester martyrs,"
and to assist the convicted dynamiters.
While going to Chicago in 1895, he said,
Tynan, who was with the party, told him
that Ivory was a member of his (Tynan's)
camp, and that he had known him in
Dublin prior to 1882.
Jones then produced the documents he
"had mentioned, including tile ritual of
the Cian-na-Gael, which Prosecutor Gill
related, showing that the object of the
Union Republican Brotherhood was to
achieve the complete independence of Ire-
Jand by revolution.
The witness was extremely nervous. He
shifted about constantly and cast furtive
glances in all directions, fearing that he
. would be sketched. He admitted that he
had acied throughout as a British agent,
ar.d had copied and preserved the docu
ments submitted at the instance of the
•British Government. Jones appears to be
about 40 years of age. He was well but
* plainly dresM'd. He has nut-brown hair,
and wears a short cropped beard and mus
tache. He has sharp features, a clear
skin and clear blue eyes, which are rather
•sunken. He gave his address as 609 Am
sterdam avenue. New York.
Ivory, or Bell, exhibited the greatest
co:.sternation upon seeing Jones, but
afterward regained his composure.
The name "Jones." Liven as that of the
spy who testified against Ivory, is not his
right name, that having been withheld by
the prosecution. When the witness was
called to the stand Proseeuior Gill said
that the Government, for obvious reasons,
declin- d to disclose the man's name
whereupon the maeistrate, Sir John
Bridge, said, "Call him Jones.' : The wit
ness was sharply cross-examined by coun
sel for the defense, but his direct testi
mony was not materially altered.
When the examination of the witness
was finished Sir John Bririge addresser!
the prisoner, saying: "You are charged
with having conspired unlawfully and
maliciously with Tynan and others to
cause explosions in the Uniied Kingdom,
endangering life and property, and you
are alto charged w:th feloniously aiding
and abetting that crime. Have you any
thing to say?"
Many persons in the courtroom believed
that Ivory would take advantage of tbi*
opportunity to make a sensational state
" nient, but instead of doing so he merely
rep.ied, "No, your Worship."
. Solicitor Cudahy, on behalf of Ivory,
argued that the charge against the prisoner
would fail because his fellow-conspirators
were not jointly charged with him. More
over, he said, there was no evidence of
conspiracy. Ivory was a well-known and
respectable hotel-keeper in New York, and
Tynan, a customer of the hotel, had in
"troduced him to the alleged conspirators
The evidence, he contended, showeu thai
Bell was not connected with the house in
Amsterdam avenue. New York, mentioned
by the witness. "Jones."
Sir John Bridge replied impatiently that
these p int did not arise a the present
time. It wai necessary, he held, that ail
ol tne conspirators should be indictt d if
they ciuld not be found. It was c ear,
how>ver, that Ivory had met Tynan in
Antwerp, and that they were both con
nected with exp os ye cbem cals. The c
, was the strongest evidt-m-e that the
/ prisoner was engaged in a c mspracy, and
■ he would, thereiore, com in t him for trial
\ in the Criminal Court, Ol<i Bai.ey.
IDENTIFY OF AND SPY
Much Speculation About the Man Who
Hctratjed Mtory.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 13.— 5= peculation
as to tho identity of be man "Jones,"
. who testified in the Ivoiy case in London
The San Francisco Call
io-day, was rite in Irish circles to-night.
No one can be found who will ?ay with
any degree of assurance who the informer
is. There are those, however, who are
willing to believe that they have seen the
man in this city, but many differ as to his
identity. One man well informed in Irish
circles pave it as his opinion to-night that
the witness is Thomas M. Jones, who has
ived In New YorJc for some time.
Jon I*B is a member of the Shamrock So
ciety and Irisii National Alliance and
came to America a number of years ago.
tie located in New York, where he has
held a number of city positions, and a few
months ago engaged in a small business
in that city.
He returned to Ireland about ten weeks
ago, it is said, after disposing of his busi
ness in New York. It was reported ihat
he had inherited a large fortune in North
ern Ireland and that he had tone there to
take possession. Others say that "Jones"
was in Chicago at the lime referred to.
YET CONFIDENT OF VICTORY.
Susan B. Anthony Tells How Suffrage
Was Temporarily Beaten by the
L quor Men.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Nov. 13.— Miss
Susan B. Anthony, president of the Na
tional Woman's Suffrage A-sociation, and
head and front of the suffrage movement
everywhere, reached Kansas City this
morning from California, where she has
been waging the suffrage war. Speaking
of the campaign, she said to a United
Associated Presses' correspondent:
"Well, we met defeat, but we made a
magnificent battle. We began our cam
paign last March. We secured the in
dorsements of every political party except
the Democrats, having our cause cham
pioned by churches, educational and in
liustrial institutions, and ten days before
election it was conceded by everybody
that we had won. But we counted with
out our hosts.
"The liquor associations of the State
massed their forces and announced bitter
hostility to the movement. Tney fought
us tooth and nail, and at the polls the
amendment was lost by some 10,000 votes.
The liquor men did it. The new Legisla
ture is bound to resubmit the proposition,
afid in 1898 we are sure of success. The
question will also be submitted to the
voters of Oregon and Nevada in 1898, so
that the fight will be on in three States.
Work ahead for us, you see."
"Have you given up the fight in Kan
sas?"
"Yes; Kansas is a hopeless State. The
Republicans sold us out to the iiquor men
two years ago and are now worse in their
toils than ever before."
Miss Anthony spoke at the suffrage con
vention this afternoon and again this
evening.
FINDS A LONG LOST BROTHER.
James Campbell, the Victim of Winthrop,
to Join His Relation After Forty-
Seven Years.
FORT SCOTT, Kanb., Nov. 14— James
Campbell, the Sandwich Islands mil
lionaire sugar-grower, who was kidnaped
a few months ago at San Francisco and
held for a $50,000 ransom, is expected here
soon to visit his brother, George Campbell.
Tney have not met since they separated in
Londonderry, Ireland, forty-seven years
ago. Each was lost to the other until re
cently, wiien they were reunited by means
of items in the newspapers.
George Campbell is one of the wealthiest
stockmen in the county, and lives on bis
bit: ranch twenty-five miles west of here.
A few days <»fter the kidnaping the
ranchman read the details of the affair
and he wrote the Sandwich Islands man.
Three montns passed and no answer came
and the ranchman had about decided to
abandon his iaea of relationship to tru
millionaire, when one day a rougtily
dressed stranger, who professed to be tra
versing the continent on foot, stopped at
his House. Campbell afterward recalled
that the man wore whits cuffs and silk
hose under his apparently travel-stained
clothing. Later it developed that the vis
itor was a detective from San Francisco.
Two weets later Campbell received a letter
from the sugar millionaire, and further
correspondence has resulted in arrange
ments for the brothers to meet at the
ranchman's home here soon.
Editor JUcCullagh Very 111.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 13.— Editor J. B.
McCuilagh of the St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat,Who originated the modern system
of interviewing in journalism, lies criti
cally ill at his home in the West End.
He has been suffering from Brieht's dis
ease for several weeks and to-day Lis
lower limbs are paralyzed. His recovery
is considered doubtful by the attending
physician. Mr. McCullagh ranks first
among the editors of the day.
MANY STARTLING DEFECTS
Weaknesses in the Battle-Ship
Texas That 0 ficers Try
to Conceal.
Why the C nrt of Inquiry Is Ho ding
an Investigation Behind
C osfd Doors.
WASHINGTON. D. C. Nov. 13.-It is
staled at the Navy Department in extenu
ation of the !act that the coun of inquiry
on the battle-ship Texas is held behind
closed doors that it is not thought advis
able to give publicity to the possible weak
nesses in the ship just at the present junc
ture, when the eyes of other nations are
directed to our naval and military estab
lishments. It is learned that the investi
gation is developing evidence of a some
what startling natur> about the structural
strength of the ship's hull, wh ; ch has
caused so much concern since her keel
was laid.
The most remarkable thing about the
recent noodm • of the ship was that tne
water-tight doors leaked and o.her com
partments were fl odtd in addition to that
iv v.h.c;i tht, accident occurred. It is now
developed thHton account of lack of stiff
ness in all the bulkheads of the ship and
consequent warping of the frames and
plates, none of the doors when closed
fitted hermetically, as they should, and
the cellular system of the vessel is there
fore practically worthless.
■" Tnis j:'ves rise to doubts as to the utility
of the '.vessel in action, as * the wrecking of
a single compartment might sink her. -
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
WEYLER ROUTED
BY INSURGENTS
Already the Captain-Gen
enal Has a Sample of
Cuban Valor.
Although Wounded and Com
pelled to Retreat He Re
ported a Victory.
MUCH EXCITEMENT IN HAVANA
Spain Will Now Realize Most Forci
by the Impossibility oi Subduing
the Patriots.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— A Sun
special from Key West says: GennraJ
"Weyler, acting under instructions from
the home Government to proceed to the
front, immediately left for Mariel by sea.
After leaving Mariel he crossed the trocha
and proceeded to Guanajay, where he
placed himself at the bead of the Spanish
forces and marched into the interior with
25,000 men. He took the field as com
mander-in-chief of the combined forces
under General Arolas, Nunoe, Aguila and
Echague.
An attack wa« made on the camp of
Maceo, who was strongly fortified in the
hills of Pinar del Rio. General Maceo
had been notified of the coming attack by
his lieutenants, Delgado and Diaz, and
their advance guards. Maceo im medi
ately prepared to give the attacking col
umn a warm reception.
General Ec ague attacked Maceo on tne
right. General M lguizo attacked the
stronghold from the left. General Maceo
had 500 sharpshooters with him, who
singled out the Spanish generals Echapue
and Melguizo and shot them down. Gen
eral Weyler, it is reported, was slightly
wounded in the leg. This battle lasted
several hours and heavy losses are re
ported on both sides. Maceo succeeded
in routing Weyler and his troop 3. The
loss of the two Spanish generals had the
desired effect and they made a hasty re
treat.
The result of this battle has caused
great excitement in Havana and strong
protests nave been forwarded to the home
Government again-t the retention of Gen
eral Weyler as Captain-General of Cuba
by some of the Spanish citizens of the
island.
The report that Maceo had left his
forces and gone to Maximo Gomez is
without foundation. He is still with his
forces in the Pinar del Rio district at hn
Bironghold. Geneial Weyler is expected
home at bis palace momentarily. Run.or
has it that he will at once be recalled by
the home Government.
The foregoing version of the first con»
fl ct between General Weyler'a troops and
Recognized at Last*
the insurgents under Maceo differs ma
terially from General Weyler's official re
port as cabled from Havana, in which he
claimed a victory.
TO MAINTAIN NEUTRALITY
President Cleveland Mot Heady to Inter-
fere With the Sirtfe.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13 —To a
Senator who called upon him to-day to
inquire in respi-ct to the war rumors in
regard to Cuba, President Cleveland re
plied that the position of this Government
was, as stated in his last annual message
to Congress, one of traditional sympathy
with a people struggling for autonomy
and freedom, b t, nevertheless, this Gov
ernment feit its plain duty to honestly
fulfill every international obligation.
The President further said that every
precaution had been taken so that if occa
sion should arise in Cuba the United
States could assert itself with force; but
he did not think that occasion would
arise. Secretary Lamont was more out
spoken, and expressed his individual
opinion that some authoritative statement
should be made to put an end to the dis
turbing and unjustifi- d rumors of war.
Senur de Lome, Spanish Minister, re
ceived the foiiowing cablegram to-day
from Duke de Tetuan. Spanish Minister of
Foreign Affair*, dated Madrid, yesterday:
"The cablegram ■* from New York and
Washington published in London refer
ring to suppo-ed notes of Mr. Taylor and
the Spanish Government are entirely false.
There is not the sli latest foundation for
such rumors, w; ich are undoubtedly of
filibustering origin."
NO MORE MONEY FOR SPAIN
fund* to Fight Cubin* Can't Be Secured
frnj" European Hanker*.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— Dow,
Jone>& Co., the Wall-street financial news
agentr, gave out the following statement
yesterday: A foreign banker, with the
best sources of iniormation, tells us that
all the prominent bankers of Europe nave
decided not to loan Spain any further
money to prosecute the fight in Cuba. He
thinks that the Cuban war will cotne to an
end soon for lack ol funds to pro.-ecute it.
The European markets are more or less
demoralized by the great fall in Spanish
securities, particularly in Paris, wbeie
Spanish credit has been terminated. He
concludes that if Eu:oi>ean bankers will
not furnish Spain win money for • omestic
rebellion in Cuba they certainly wou.d not
furnish Spain with money lor war against
the United States.
Jto'iri* Hecogmte* Cuban*.
NEW YORK, N. Y-. Nov. 13.— A special
cafle to the Herald from Sucre, Bolivia,
says: The ForeL-n Committee of the
Chamber of Deputie< of Bolivia, at their
regular meeting, declared in favor of recog
nizui-.' the belligerent rights of the rebels
in Cuba.
Ju^t whp.t action the Government will
tako in view of this recommendation by
the Foreign Committee remains to be
seen. _^_^________
Veneuuel-n -rliit, alort.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 13.— The St James
Gnzette says the Right Honorable H. H.
Asquiib, M. P., formerly Home Secretary,
and Sir George Baden Powell, M. P., will
probably be appointed to represent Great
Britain on the Venezuelan arbitration tri
bunal.
The New • hampagne Vintage.
A truly remarlcaoie vintage for quality as
well as for natural dryness, wittout being
heavy, now b Ing shipped to this market, ia
U. H. Mumni's txtru htj. •
ABDUL HAMID AT
HIS OLD TRICKS
Turkey's Sultan Pursuing
the Usual Course of
Deceit.
Diplomats Begin to Realize That
There Is No Truth in the
Reforms. .;
ARMENIANS ARE YET CINCHED. 1
Moslems 1 Arrested in Connection With
Galeta RotsR ots Freed, While Chris
tians Are Convicted. \
LONDON, Eye, Nov. 13.— The expres
sion of English, French and Continental
opinion generally is a veritabe chorus of
celebration over the restored concert of
the powers in regard to Turkey, as indi
cated by Lord Salisbury in his speech at
the Lord Mayor's banquet in the Guild
Hall last Monday. The Sultan's ac
ceptance of the large scheme of reforms
submitted to him is alleged to be due to
the concert of tbe powers, which the
French press credits to M. Hanotaux's
masterly seizure of the proper moment to
coerce the Porte.
In the Lo don diplomatic circle all this
talk of the Sultan's acceptance of the re
forms is considered to be extremely fishy,
and tbe whole tenor of the facts derived
from official sources in Constantinople
points to the certainty that the Sultan is
pursuing his old course of deceit.
Before the extraordinary tribunal try
ing the persons arrested for participation
in the Galeta riocs was closed under tbe
pressure exerted by M. Cambqn, the
French Embassador, tbe Sultan's Judges
sentenced to death or to long terms of im
prisonment the whole crowd of Ar
menians brought before them, and liber
ated all of the Mosii ms, and M. Cambon
now asks for the appointment of a Euro
pean commission to report upon the sen
tences imposed by the tribunal.
Tlie Embassadors at Constantinople,
viewing the Sultan's promises of reforms
in the light of a comedy, are leaving Con
stantinople for the purpose of taking a
holiday until the chiefs of their respective
Governments decide what to do next.
"The .">i(7>» of thm crot.t."
LONDON. Eno., Nov. 13.— Advices from
the provinces say that Wiison Barrett's
play "The Sign of the Cross," which had
us initial production at St. Louis during
his American tour last year, is arousing
fierce fanatical opposition. At Boston, in
Lincolnshire, an evangelical body known
as the ' Open At Mission" issued a ieatiet
of denouttciation, beaded, "Warning I"
Meetings of prot- st were held in the mar
ketplace and opposite the theater bnil.t
ing Itself, and missionaries harangued
tne multitude. The same scenes have
been enacted elsewhere, with the result
thiit the play has attracted overcrowded
houses.
CLEVELAND AND CARLISLE.
It Is Said They Will Enter a Law Part-
nership and Do Business in New
York After March.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— A Bun
special from Washington says: A Ken
tucky friend of Secretary Carlisle is
authority lor the statement that the law
firm of Cleveland & Carlisle will be doing
business in New York City early in March
of the coming year.
it is said to be the intention of the
President to provide places for Secretary
of the Navy Herbert and Postmaster-
General Wil--on after March 4 on the
bench of the Federal judiciary. There are
at present several vacancies, the most de
sirable of which is tne Chief Justiceship
of the Court of Claims in this cry, and it
is said that there will soon be another
vacancy of equal importance caused by
the contemplated resignation of Justice
Cox of the Supreme Court of the District
of Columbia.
ftrntened Uiingelf in the Kea.
LONDON, Eng.. Nov. 13.— John Lan
caster, proprietor of the Shaftesbury Tne
ater and busband of the well known Eng
lish actress. Miss Wallis,conimitte<i suicide
at Blackpool to-day by drowning himself
sea.
WRECK OF THE WALLULA
Driven Inshore by a Fierce
Gale and Battered on
the Rocks.
Two Members oi the Crew of th
Steamer Perish During the
Scramble to Escape.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. Nov. 13. — The
steamer Wailula, ore laden, from Ashland,
Wis., to Connaught, Ohio, went ashore
while trying o make the latter port dur
ing the storm this niorning. When it ap
peared as though she was going to miss
the pier the crew scuttle! her, oping to
make her right up. The effort was a fail
ure and s:>e went on the rocks. She
pounded heavily and it was with great
difficulty that part of her crew were res
cued. Two seamen were drowned.
Just as the last man was taken off tbe
steamer burst out in a blaze and to-night
was still burning. When the life-saving
crew reached the steamer a wild scramble
for their lives ensued among the members
of the crew. Lines were sent aboard anU
ten of the twelve aboard were taken off.
Two others, seamen, whose full names
could not be learned, were lost overboerd.
The missing men were known as "Wil
son" and "Pat." After the ship was
abandoned she remained up longer than
had been anticipated and did not sink, but
was driven hard ashore. Tne rescued sea
men were cared for on board.
The Waliulu was owned by Thomas
Wilson of t'jis city and was valued at
$90,000. She carried an unusually large
cargo of ore. the value of which is not
known. The yes-el is insured for $70,000.
Sne was in command of CapSaUn Home-,
Captain Holmes said this evening that
the storm was the worst he had encoun
tered for many years.
FIVE CENTS.
RECEIVER FOR
THE VANDALIA
President Malott of an In
dianapolis Bank in
Charge.
Peculiar Turn in tlr Affairs of
One of the Most Prosperous
Railroads.
FREIZS-CTJT GAME ALLEGED.
The Suit Said to Be for the Sole
Purpose of Sel ing the System at
a Low Figure.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., Nov. 13.— Judge
Woods of the United States Circuit Court
this evening appointed a receiver for the
Terra Haute and Indianapolis Railway
Company, known as the Vandalia, nam
ing as receiver Volney T. Malott, presi
dent of the Indiana National Bank. The
receiver was appointed upon the suit of
Mark T. Cox, James T. Blair and James
W. Paul Jr., againtt the company, and
the ground for the receivership was the
admission of the company in court that it
is insolvent.
The Vandalia has been known as one of
the most prosperous roads in the country,
and until a year ago, when it passed into
the control of the Pennsylvania company,
which purchased a majority of its stock,
it met its dividends and all charges with
the u'most promptness.
During the hearing to-day Judge Woods
remarked in court upon the peculiar fact
that all three attorneys seemed to desire a
receiver, and he did not make up his
mind to appoint one until this evening.
Some of the parties interested in the
securities of the system who were not
made parties in interest are declaring to
night that the suit is a collusive one for
the purpose of freezing them out and sell
ing tbe system to the Pennsylvania at a
low figure.
The plaintiffs in the snit were repre
sented by John G. Williams, formerly
general manager of the Vandalia system;
George W. Wickersham of ]Sew York,
Samuel Dickerson of Nc.vYork and Mr.
Golden of St. Louis. The defendant com
pany was represented by S. 0. Pickeus,
who is also attorney for the Pennsylvania
company. The bill sets forth that in 1870
the defendant company acquired posses
sion of the St. Louis, Vandalia and Terre
Haute Railroad, and that in 1592 it took
charge of the Terre Haute and Peoria
Railroad, entering into a contract with it
for ninety-nine years.
Prior to this latter consolidation in
1889 the Terre Haute and Peoria had by
deed of trust conveyed all its property to
the Union Trust Company of New York,
to secure first mortgage gold coupon bonds
to the amount of $1,800,000, due March 1,
1927, with interest at 5 per cent. In 1892,
while the negotiations for consolidation
with the Terre Haute and Indianapolis
were pending, the Terre Haute and Peoria
authorized the issue of bonds to tbe
amount of $2,500,000, payable to the Union
Trust Company, for the purpose of im
proving the road and lor retiring the first
issue if bonds. The consolidation was
effected in October, 1892, and the bonds
were issued.
By the terms of the contract entered into
between the defendant com pan v and the
bondholders it was agreed that 30 per cent
of the gross earnings of the Terre Haute
and Peoria Railroad should be devoted to
the payment of the interest on tne Terre
Haute and Peoria bonds, taxes and rentais,
the remainder of the 30 per cent, if there
should be any, to be paid to the Terre
Haute and Peoria Railroud.
The complainants aver that the interest
has not been paid, though the 30 per cent
of the gross f arni.igs would have been suf
ficient to have paid it. The gross earn
ings since the defendant company took
po* ession of the Tcrre Haute and Peoria
have been as follows: Sot the thirteen
months ending October 31, 1893. $449,
-520 33; for the year ending October 31,
1b94, $404 014 69; for the year ending
October 31, 1895, $447,483; October 1, 1895,
up to September 1, 1896 (ostimated), $340,
-000; all of which money, it is alleged, has
been appropriated by the defendant.
Tne bill recites that the defendant com
pany is op*r.iting the Tcrre Haute and
Loaansport Railroad and has agreed to
pay the interest and principal on $1,500,000
of its bonds: that it is operating the Terre
Haute and Indianapolis Railroad and has
agreed to pay the principal and interest on
an issue of firs', mortgage bonds to the
amount of $4.50 000.
It is then shown that the Pennsylvania
company owns about half the stock of the
Vandalia. It is set forth that interest to
the amount ol $91,000 on bonds of the St.
Louis, Vandalia and Terre Haute will fall
due November 1 and that it is the belief
of tbe complainants that itwiil not be
paid. The complainants also aver that
"tbe principal ana interest on the tirst
mort«jaj.'e bonds due January 1, 1897, will
not be paid when due; that upon this
contingency the obligations of the Terre
Haute and Indianapolis and of the Pitts
burg, Cincinnati and St. Louis will be
come enforcible; that in that case the
Terre Haute i.nd Indianapolis will be un
able to comply, and a claim wiil be cre
ated against t!:e defendant for reimburse
ment ofus proportion.,"
In the blood may develop into scrofula or
other serious disease. Do not delay. Take
HDtSS 40^L. Aff^a ißSfc-
Sarsaparilla
Which purifies the blood and cures scrofnia.'ete
Hnnfl'<s Pill« do f not " cause Pain or
lIUUU 5 rrillS gripe. All druggists. 25g.2
CONVENTION OF
CHRISTIAN WOMEN
Twenty-Third Annual Meet
ing of the Leaders of
the Union.
President. Frances E. Willard
Speaks of the Heroines in
the Ralik and File.
OTHER OFFICERS MAKE REPORTS
Much Good Work D-ne in ths Various
States by tbe Persistence cf
Organizers.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 13.— For the
twenty-third time in the history of the or
ganization the Women's Christian Tem
perance Union met in annual convention
this morning. Nearly 20C0 delegates and
visitors were present when Miss Frances
E. Willard called the convention to order.
The executive committee recommended
that the W. C. T. U. begin an active cru
sade against the evils of gamblinp. The
committee on legislation was authorized
to take measures toward the abolition of
gambling. After the usual committees
were appointed Frances E. Willard ad
dressed the convention. She spoke of
heroines of rank and tile who had
borne and labored and had had patience
when the W. C. T. U. "passed under the
rod of a Nation's criticism." She said:
"We have marched far since then, and
alignments of parties have changed. The
labor movement has taken on proportions
so vast that no one speaks lightly of it
any more."
Continuing, Miss Willard expressed the
warmest appreciation of the white ribbon
women of St. Louis, who, undeterred by
the calamity of the cyclone, invited the
convention and had made generous and
eluborae provision for its entertainment.
In 1884, only a few days previous to the
Presidential election, the W. C. T. U. met
here and ventured on the high seas of
political contention. They had espoused
the cause of the prohibition party and
called down curses on their devoted heads.
She continued:
"The labor movement has taken on pro
portions so vast that no one speaks lichtly
of it any more; the people are forging
their way to the front, misguided often,
making pitiful paths in the wilderness;
following false lights and relegating the
fight for a clear brain to the spartan
band of prohibitionists, when, if labor
would win, it must make the temperance
reform the ark of God, to be borne in thp
very van of its swift, gathering army.
"In 1892," Miss Willard continued,
"some of us sat up all night with the
committee on resolutions of the great
labor convention, with its thousand dele
gates, pleading with them to put a prohi
bition and a home- protection plank in
their platform and they would not."
She said that prohibition in politics has
been and is now and is to be the embodied
protest of the home against the saloon.
It held up a torch in the gloom and ir. set
the keynote of a divine anthem of liberty.
When the white-ribbon women plighted
their faith to the movement it had polled
only 10,000 votes. In 1884 the number
rose to 150,000, and had gone on slowly
increasing until 250.000 had been gathered ;
but, owing to the controversy concerning
the free coinage of silver, this party, like
every other, had split in twain in this
memorable year of 1896 and the vote ha 1
fallen off to about 200,000 out of 14,000,000
of ballots.
"When we were in St. Louis twelve
years ago," she continued, "we declared
for the only party that was pledged to
prohibition and the home- protection bal
lot, but as there are now two parties so
pledged we cannot !n conscience declare
for either; but we are, I hope, the earnest
friends of both and shall in this conven
tion make it plain that we will lend our
influence to any party that incorporates
onr principles into its platform. Ido not
mean that we shall indorse all the planks
in that platform, but only those that em
bo iy our principles."
Miss Willard spoke of the woman's bal
lot as "the surest method of political pro
hibition." She emphasized the declara
tion of the California suffragists that tliey
were defeated by the liquor league, and
rejoiced in the victory for woman's ballot
that seems to have been eained in Idaho.
She made ihe point that the men of
Wyoming, after having watched the
workings of woman's suffrage for twenty
years, had incorporated it into their con
stitution, and that if the men of Kansas,
Colorado and Utah had felt that the effect
of the enfranchisement of women had
been to make them less loyal to the home
and all that it involves, they would never
have given them the ballot.
She stated that the world's Woman's
Christian Temperance Union intended to
take up the work for the Armenians aa an
important part of its endeavor; they
would probably found a colony fn Cyprus
for the women and children.
She gave notice that the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union would call
upon all temperance and philanthropic
societies throughout the world to set apart
March 20, the birthday of General Neal
Dow, as "prohibition day."
Miss Willard closed with an affectionate
mention of Mrs. Letitia Yonmans of Can
ada, the white ribbon pioneer in that
country, and Mrs. Sallie Chapman, both of
whom have recently died.
At the conclusion of Miss Wiliard's ad
dress, a pretty incident occurred. Fifty
eight young lady pupils in a local semi
nary marched upon the platform, each
carrying a huge chrysanthemum, which
they presented to the president in honoi
of the nfty-eieht milestones which &he has
passed on the journey of life.
The entire audience arose and again
waved the Chautauqua salute.
The report of the corresponding secre
tary sum« up the year's work as follows:
Total number of new unions organized,
1175; total numbei of new members
gained, 15,888. That the gains as shown
by the treasurer's books are not larger by
no means invalidates this record. In too
many instances the gain has been offset
by a corresponding loss; in others ''hard
times" has been a potent lactor, prevent
ing the payment of dues; in still others
many members joined in the last half of
the year and paid for six months only,
thus making it necessary to count two as
one. Without doubt the results of this
year's worK will count largely in the gains
of next
The organizera will report for them-
selves at a later period in the convention.
In addition to the work of the regular
organizers and the National oflicers, to be
hereinafter reported, the va-«t majority of
States have had corps of State officers and
organizers going about within their bor
ders continually. Many of the State
presidents have been constantly afield,
and many others would gladly havegivea
their entire time to the field, but have
been prevented through force of circum
stances or for lack of funds in the State
treasury.
At the beginning of the afternoon ses
sion President Willard introduced to the
convention Mr.«. R. Mitchell of Idaho,
with a congratulatory word for the success
of suffrage in that State.
The afternoon was almost entirely de
voted to the reading of reports, including
those of Corresponding Secretary Kathe
rine 1m Stevenson of Massachusetts and
Treasurer Helen If. Barker of Illinois.
Among the other report? presented were
those of the following superintendents of
departments: Mrs. Hanna J. Bailey of
Maine, "Peace of International Arbitra
tion"; Miss Marie C. Brehan of Illinois,
"Franchise"; Mrs. Margaret B. Eliis of
New Jersey, "Legislation and Enforce
ment of the Law"; Mrs. Mary D. Tomlin
son of New jersey, "Parlor Meetings";
Mrs. Mary Wood Allen of Michigan,
"Purity"; Mrs. Mary F. Lovell of Penn
sylvania, "Mercy"; Mrs, Josephine Bate
ham of Kentucky, "Sabbath Observance."
During the afternoon session the order
of business was finally suspended to
accept by a rising vote the annual address
of President Willard.
The various reports were received with
applause and then accepted by the con
vention and ordered printed in the an
nual report. The auditor certified to the
correctness o* the treasurer's report.
The evening session was presided over
by Mrs. L. M. N. Stevenson of Maine,
vice-president at large.
The devotional exercises were conducted
by Mrs. J. K. Barney of Rhode Island.
No Ixisiness was transacted, the evening
beins; devoted to addresses of welcome.
The audience was asked to contribute to
the finances of the union and a generous
sum was realized. After benediction the
convention adjourned until 9 o'clock to
morrow morning.
VERY SWIFT IS THE IOWA
Successful Builders' Trial Trip
of the Battle-ship Off
Delaware Capes.
With Litt c Effort the Big Vessel
Exceeds the Contract Re
qnirements.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 13.— The
big sea-going battle-ship lowa returned
here to-day from her builders' trial trip off
the Delaware capes. The trial was essen
tially an engineer's trial to give the snip's
builders an idea of tne power of the en
gines and the way in which they worked,
and the speed developed was a secondary
consideration of the trip. Nevertheless on
a two hours' burst of speed this morning
the ship averaged 16.27 Knots at 112 revo
lutions of the screws. This is .27 mure
than the contract speed of the vessel calls
for, and that the lowa is capable of better
than this was shown when she occasion
ally spurted up and around tbe 17-knot
notch. The result of the trip was in every
way satisfactory to Edwin S. Cramp, who
had it in charge for the builders.
The lowa left here on Tuesday at noon
and mace the run to the breakwater on
one tide, arriving there that night The
Government was represented by Lieu
tenant Doyle, ordnance officer stationed
at the yard, and Assistant Engineer Pick
erel. Besides these gentlemen there were
a number of guests aboard.
On Wednesday morning, after adjusting
the ship's compasses, the lowa ran oil
shore twenty miles and was steamed four
times over tbe 10-knot course between the
two lightships on five taihoni bank shoal.
The engines were given a good limbering
up and at ninety-five revolutions 14'^
knots were made.
On Wednesday night the lowa anchored
witnin the capes and went out again
Tnursday morning. She was run straight
offshore for sixty miles and 110 revolu
tions of the screws were maintained. The
result of tue run Thursday was satisfac
tory to the engineering department and
she returned to tier anchorage inside the
capes again on Thursday night.
The lowa mil lacks all of her guns, but
these have been finished and some of
them are lying on the wharf at Cramps'
and the balance are being shipped here.
It is expected that the ship will be
ready to go on her official trial trip about
the middle of Februaiy, and by that time
she will be so nearly completed that .she
can go into commission in March.
WRECKED IN A BLIZZARD.
Captain and Crew of a Lake Steamer
Biave a Rough Experience.
SAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Nov. 13.—
Captain John Clifford of tiie propeller
Acadia, which left Fort William, Ontario,
November 4, and which was Jong overdue
at this port, reached here in a sailboat
late this afternoon. He reports that the
Acadia went ashore on Michipicoten
Island in a blinding snowstorm and heavy
gale on Thursday, November 5, when she
was about twenty-four hours out from
Fort William. All of the crew reached
shore in safety and Captain Clifford re
ports all well. The Acadia in a total
wreck, however. Bhe had a cargo of 2-3,000
bushels of wheat, besides some mis
cellaneous freight. Sne was valued at
$25,000, and both the vessel and cargo are
insured.
STEAMERS IN COLLISION.
A Rig JSew Freighter JCmi* Into an Out-
going Vessel at Aetc York.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— Ihe big
new freighter Persia of the Hamburg-
American line collided with an outward
bound steamer to-night. Details of the
accident were hardly obtainable to-night.
The chief officer of the Persia was quite
averse to talking about the affair when
*een on board his ship as she lay at her
dock in Hoboken to-night. He admitted
that the Persia had "brushed" against
another steamer.
He refused to say just how the accident
occurred. He did not know the name of
the steamer with which his ship was in
collision, nor did he know the line to
which she belonged.
He thought the other ship was not much
injured and said that the injuries to the
Persia were slight and ail atove the water
line. It was learned from an official of
the line, who was seen on the dock, that
two children were injure), both having
their hands crnsned. Further informa
tion regarding the collision could not be
bad.
FatalFfi Shot Her Butband and Herself.
SILEX, Mo., Nov. 13.— This afternoon,
without the slightest warning, Mrs. Abner
Cox shot her husband twice, fatally
wounding him, and then shot herself, dy
ing Instantly. She had been suffering
from mental aberration. She left a
rambling letter to her father which throws
no light on the affair.
Free lecture in Odd Fellow*' Hail. Sundaj
night. Subject, "Our Lord's Coming." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
ONE MORE DISPUTE
TO BE ARBITRATED
Costa Rica and Colombia
Agree to Settlement of
Boundaries.
Fixing of the Territorial Divis-
ional Lines to Ec Left to
Friendly Powers.
AFTER YEARS CF DIPLOMACY-
This Announc m- nt Coming so Quickly
After the Venezuelan Case
Pleases Unc.e Sam.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.—An
other long standing American boundary
dispute is to be settled by arbitration in ac
cordance with a treaty executed several
days a-;o at Bogota, by which the Costa
Rica and Colombian governments have
agreed to leave their territorial divisional
line to the adjudication of the President of
France, or in the event that he cannot un
dertake the responsibility President Diaz
of Mexico will be asked, and as a measure
of extreme precaution in case two refusals
are received the never failing last resource
of a reference to the President of Switzer
land is provided in the convention.
Secretary Olney has just been officially
informed of this arrangement by Senor
Calvo, the Costa Rican Minister, to whom
he expressed gratification in the most cor
dial terms.
The announcement coming so qnickly
after tbe substantial settlement of tbe
Guiana controversy is very pleasin to the
United States, as in both cases the United
States has been instrumental in s-curing
arbitration, our negotiation in the Costa
Rican-Colombian question having been
confined, however, to an earnest
expression of concern and a proffer of good
offices and not to an undertaking of forc
ing one of the disputants to terms.
On Secretary Bayard's advice, the con
troversy, which involves a large and valu
able tract of tbe American isthmus, was
referred to Spain for delimitation, that
monarchy at the time being engaged in
drawing a boundary line between Vene
zuela and Colombia.
The Spanish Government, while acced
iug to the request, deferred taking up the
Costa Rican case until it could complete
the Venezuelan-Colombian boundary case,
which involved considerable work. In
the delay Costa Rica made considerable
grants to a New Jersey company for a road
i/ova Bocas del Toro to the Interior with
grants of land, besides awarding to tne
Panama Canal Company over a million
acres located wholly within the limits
strenuously claimed by the South Ameri
can republic.
In the resulting friction Colombia
claimed that the time within which Spain
should have acted on the boundary ques
tion had expired, and in 1891 withdrew
from i!s treaty. Two years ago Secretary
Gresham urged tbe countries to submit the
matter to impartial adjudication, and from
negotiations then inaugurated the treaty
of Bogota is the outcome.
Costa Rica claims on the Atlantic coast
as far south as the island of E^cudo de
Veragua and the xiver Chiriqui, inclusive,
and on the Pacific as far as Burica Point.
Colombia claims north to Cape Graclas
Adios on the Atlantic and to the river
Colfito, emptying into the Golfo Dulce, on
the Pacific.
The United States has large inter 'Bts in
this territory, particularly at and near
Bocas del Toro.
TO PREVENT SEA COLLISIONS.
Revised International Rules to Go Into
Effect in July.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— The
revised international rules to prevent col
lisions at sea, drafted by the Washington
International Marine Conference, will
probably go into effect on the Ist of next
July. The officers of the State and Treas
urey departments have been working earn
estly to th;s end since the adjournment of
Concress, and Great Britain is co-operat
ine wt th the United States in securing the
assent of the remaining nations which
have not accepted the new rules.
The following nations have agreed to
adopt the rules and enforce them after
July 1: Great Britain, German}', France,
Denmark, Russia, Italy, Portugal, Aus
tria, Belgium, Spain, Hawaii, Jaimn, Mex
ico, Guatemala, Chile and Honduras.
These nations, with the United btates,
control 22,000,000 tons, or more than five
sixths of the world's shipping. The im
portant nations whose assents have not
yet been received are: Norway, Sweden,
the Netherlands, Brazil and Turkey, con
trolling about 3,000,000 tons of shipping.
ALL FINES ARE REMITTED
Why the Steamer lioyne. Hid Aot Hive a
I' roper Manifr.it.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— Acting
Secretary Hamlin yesterday remitted a
fine of $500 imposed on the British
steamer Uoyne ior failure to produce
proper manifest. After the vessel was
la en at Smyrna the Turks threatened to
take some Armenian cabin passengers out
of her. The following day the Uniied
States man-of-war Minneapolis arrived
and Admirbl Kelfridge informed the mas
ter that he would protect him if an at
tempt were made to take the passengers
from (he ship by force, but advised him to
leave the port as soon as possible to avoid
complications.
The consignors of the merchandise also
advised him to sail immediately, and the
American Consul gave him the same ad
vice, and also gave him a bill ot health.
A complete manifest was forwarded from
Smyrna by mail and b;is been presented
at the New York Custom-house.
CARRYING LOTTERY TICKETS.
A Case of Great Interest Before the
Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 1&— "Is
the carrying of lottery tickets or drawings
from one State to another commerce
within the meaning of the constitution?"
is a question which the Supreme Court of
the United States took under considera
tion this afternoon after argument by J.
D. Goldsmith ana James C. Carter, of New
York, and Assistant Attorney - General
Whitney. The case at bar was that ol
Al bert 1* France and eight others vs. the
United States, from the District Court for
the southern d strict of Ohio. They had
been ci-nvicied of conspiracy to commit
an offense against the Uiitsri States by
causing; to be carr eot from Lovington, Ky..
to Cincinnati, Ohio, a number of policy
lottery tickets, and had been lined $1000
each, with iniprisoment added.
The daily transier of the policy-slips
over the dncinnati-Covington bridge was
the crime which the plaintiffs in error
were charped with.
For the Government it was maintained
by Assistant Attorney-General Whitney
that the carrying of slips in question was
commerce within the meaning of the con
stitution and the decision of the courts,
and that the act involved therefore was
valid and constitutional.
Mr. Carter and associate counsel main
tained that it was not commerce, and that
tbe law, therefore, was unconstitutional.
There was a mil bench of Justices
present, and they listened to theargument
with much interest.
LEAVES PLACID PEI HO
After Beating on the Mud Banks the
Monacncij Departs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— The
United States cruiser Monacacy has moved
after a year and three days' repose on the
mud banks of the Pei Ho River at Tien
tsin. A cablegram from her commander,
Lieutenant Roes, who recently displaced
Commander Reisinger, in charge of this
naval anomaly, announced her successful
navigation as far as Tong Ku, thirty miles
down the river from her former habita
tion, and she is now opposite the famed
Tuku forts, near the mouth of the river,
whenct, if her recent exptdition has not
developed strains, she may go by easy
stages as far as Shanghai for the wir.ter.
Her cruise to-day was a great surprise to
tbe officials of the department, who sup
pose her commander undertooK to remove
the ship as the result of a bet that tbe in
tegrity of her bottom was not wholly de
pendent upon tne fact that it rested on the
mud bea of the placid Pei Ho.
Admiral Katnsay's Report.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— The
annual report of Admiral F. M. Ramsay,
chief of the Bureau of Navigation, shows
that during the past year tho cruisers and
battle-sbips Indiana, Massachusetts, Ore
gon, Texas, Boston, Mr>nadnock, Terror,
Monongahela and Adams were commis
sioned for service. At the ciose o'. the
fiscal year 31 per cent of the enlisted men
in the navy were serving under continous
service. More than 72 percent of the en
listed men were American citizens and
more than 82 per cent of the apprentice
boys were Am rican born.
SHOULD LOVE THE SEA,
Naval Academy Cadets Too
Fond of Dry Land
Sports.
Sailing Vessels, Says the Superin
tendent, Are Required to
Train O.fi;ers.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— The
SuDerintendent of the Naval Academy in
his annual report says:
"The department has been forced to re
move the Bancroft from the Navai Acad
emy through exigencies of service, and in
my opinion she will make a much better
cruiser for station du'y than a cadet prac
tice steamer. A vessel with greater ac
commodation for endets, or about the
same tonnaec, ~»'ill be more efficient, es
pecially if composite built or wooden
sheathed. The vessel should have consid
erable sail power and with a single screw.
Engineering practice can be as well
taught with one engine as with two. The
Bancroft could not well berth more than
th'rty cadets, whereas one cf the gunboat
class now building will accommodate
seventy-five to 100 cadets, in addition to
ihe crew."
The superintendent, Captain Cooper,
urges that slipping on sailing vessels is
preferable to that on steamers for :adets.
Ha declares: "It is entirely useless to
argue that sufficiently good seamen can
be made on board steamers or auxiliary
steamers, for there is an education oi the
nerve? and brain and the habit of com
mand which can only be inculcated in the
same school which has reared the greatest
naval commanders the world has seen,
and that school has been the sailing ship.
The handling of the greatest modern
battle-snip singly or in fleets and the in
evi able return to sail-power in cruising
vessels demand the highest order of sea
training, and it is at this school that the
foundation must be laid. Seamen are not
born such ; they are made, and this is the
formative period of the lives of future
naval officers."
The superintendent strongly urges his
recommendation that Congress be urged
to authorize the building ol i?ro moderate
sized composite sailing vessels, which
should be supplemented by two small
brigs for stationary work, and says every
thing within reason should be done to en
courage a love for water, whereas the dis
position has been to turn too much to the
a hletics of the field in compeiion with
secular colleges. The idea of main aining
the sports on the element for which the
young men are destined has become a
strange and repugnant tiling.
REMEDY FROM TAXATION
Land Used by fovir/n legations Can
not'Be Assessed in Any It in/.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.—Un
der a decision of tho attorney for the Dis
trict of Columbia, the property of foreign
governments held for legation purposes
will not hereafter be liable for special
taxes levied on account of street or other
improvements. •
- Th«» attorney says -the property held by
foreign; governments is classed as public
property, and by implication is exempt
not only from general taxes, but from
assessments for improvements. This rul
ing affects tue property occupied by the
British : and German "= embassies the
Austro-Hungarian, Korean, Japanese and
Mexican' legations.* It is all situated in
the fashionable residence portion of the
city and of a total value of nearly if not
quite a million dollars. . . . .
<>f Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— M. E.
Froum was to-day appointed postmaster
at Eidridge, Cal., vice Henry Paiie, re
signed. A postoffice was established to
day at Holstend, Cal., and Emily Branes
appointed postmistress.
L'ensions have been granted aa follows:
Original — Henry L. McLain. San Bernar
dino. Original widows — Cornelia No
ble, Fresno.
Oregon: Original, special Nov. 6—6 —
Philip Fifer, Olney; James K. Maloney,
Haknr City. Restoration and increase —
Arba N. Adaius, Joseph.
Dim Ericsson Accepted.
WASHINGTON, 'D. C, Nov. 13.— The
torpedo-boat Ericsson, which has had a
checkered career since her launching sur
passing that of the Texas, has at last been
formally admitted to the navy and the
final payment, including sums res-rved
pending her acceptance by the Govern
ment, lias been paid to her builders, the
lowa Iron Works, of Dubuque, lowa.
Oold in the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Nov. 13.— The
net aoU\ in the treasury at the close of
business to-day amounted to $123, 346,288.
The net gain at the New York sub-ireasury
amounted to $253,700. The withdrawals
were $7100 in coin and $25,900 in bars.
John T. Fonter l>ea<l.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— John Y.
Foster, secretary of the New Jersey State
Republican Committee, died at his home
in Newark, N. J., this afternoon of pneu
monia.
Hanged for Hife Murder.
TUSKEGEE, Ala., JSov. 13— Henry
Daw.-on (colored) was banged here to-day
for wiie murder.
TO BE GOVERNED
BY THE LEAGUE
Wings of the Arbitration
Board Are Decidedly-
Clipped.
Apparent Change of Factional
Strength Made in the Inter
ests of Harmony.
WATCHING THS RUSIE SUITS.
It Is Decided to Stop the Objectionable
Souvenir Games of Base
ball.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 13.— 8y a vote cf
7to 5, Louisville and Washington voting
with the big five minority faction, the
National League of Baseball Clubs at ita
concluding session this evening decided to
clip the wings of the National Board of
Arbitration by striking out that part of
section 34 of the National agreement
which provided that an amendment couid
be made by unanimous consent of the
board. Now the league is the only au
thority competent to change the National
agreement and the arbitration beard is not
the arbiter of its own jurisdiction. This
apparent change of factional strength
was made by the Brush majority of 3even
in the interest of harmony and to show
the minority faction that the magnani
mous victors did not want to arrogate to
the arbitration board, which they control'
the arbitrary powers which the "big five'
are credited with scheming for until Louis
ville turned the tables.
"The "big five," being outvoted in the
arbitration board, were willing to settle
now instead of at the spring meeting the
question of power to touch the National
agreement, so they voted to strike out.
Both sides professed to be satisfied with
the action taken, and there was more
friendliness displayed than at any time
since the league met.
The Rusie suits against the New York
Club}formed a subject for much talk at the
meeting. Mr. freedman said that a reso
lution was adopted by a vote of eight to
four— Baltimore, Louisville and Washing
ton voting with the "big five" — pledging
the support of the league to the New York
Club in the matter, but he would not say
the expenses were to be paid by the league.
Colonel Rogers of Philadelphia said that
Charles M. Shoran, tbe Chicago club's
'awyer, had been retained by the New
York club here to defend the Rusie suits
and that the colonel would appear at the
trials to attend to the baseball end. This
action was reported to the league and Mr.
Freedman made a few warm remarks, al
leging that certain members bad insti
gated Rn-ie to bring the suits. Mr. Wag
ner of Washington moved to reconsider
the vote taken yesterday in refusing to
reinstate the last section of the National
agreement.
Colonel Rogers of Philadelphia moved
that the National agreement be not
changed except by majority vote of the
league, and this proposition, taken from
the arbitration board dictatorial power,
was carried by the 7 to 5 vote mentioned.
The treasurer was instructed to pay Henry
Chadwick, the father of baseball. $50 a
month during the. remainder of his lite, in
recognition for his past services and for
what he may do hereafter for the playing
rules committee.
Tbe chairman was instructed to ap
point a committee of three, of which Mr.
Young is to be chairman, to devise if pos
sible a better mean? for controlling um
pires and to make its report at the spring
meeting. The scheme is to have some
one travel around tbe circuit at Young's
direction and watch the playing.
The objectionable souvenir games will
not be allowed any more. Mr. Robison
spoke of their atuse and they were or
dered discontinue i.
Mr. Hart of Chicago renewed bis peti
tion of last year for the abolition of the
Temple cup game?, but it was laid on the
table — 10 to 2. The league adjourned to
meet in Baltimore the last Thursday m
February.
At the afternoon session the new salary
agreement was presented and adopted.
The remainder of the session was de
voted to clearing up odds and ends, and
at 5:30 o'clock the meeting finally ad
journed, the magnates leaving for their
homes this evening.
AT THE BURSE SHOW.
High Jumping .ttnotxj the Attractions at
the Gardens.
NEW YORK. N. V., Not. 13.— The
horse show still lives in popular favor.
Tne society bus filled the boxes all the
week and horsemen have been on hand as
usual, but the masses have not put in an
appearance until to-day. Madison-square
Garden was comfortably filled by about
8000 people this afternoon and it was
jammed to-night. Fully 10.000 people
were present. The promenade was a sea
of humanity and every seat, even in the
top gallery, was taken.
The programme of the day was one of
the best of the week. The mo3t showy
classes were judged, and the awarding of
championship prizes in the classes for
hackney stallions, mares and fillies in the
afternoon and the contest over the high
jump at night made sensational features.
There was but one class for ladies' saddle
horses, ridaen by ladies only, which
brought fourteen fine animals into the
ring, and was captured by Miss Doremus
Chester. The latter was defeated later by
C. L. Railey's Kentucky horse, Patsy Me-
Cord, which was given the saddie-horse
championship prize.
The final event to-night was the high
jump, open to all. For the first trial the
bars were placed at 5 feet. They were
then raised to 5 feet 6 inches. The jump
ping whs the best seen in the garden in
several years. Senator, Punch, Majestic,
Saint Rudolph and Ladylike cleared the
6-foot junin. Mrs. S. S. ilowland's Lady
Bird and P. F. Collins' Majestic failed at
5 feet 3 inches. AOam Beck's Ladylike
did at' «f nic jumps up to the 6 feet 3
inches. On t<e hrst trial at that height
she inileii. The second time she cleared
in fine shape, amid the applause of the
crowd.
Senator d!d the 6 feet 3 inches in good
shape, biu failed nfter three attempts at
6 feet 6 inches. P. F. Collins' Majestic
aiso failed at the top height. Mrs. How
land's Lady Bird was given a chance, but
failed, and the prize of $300 went to Adam
Beck of London. Ont. Mrs. Howland's
Lady Bird was given second.
The futurity of 1890, value $447 50. was
won by Patriot, the handsome son of
Ca-Jet and Freedom, owned by A- J. Cas
seit of Berwin, Pa. H. C. Cheney's Fiash
was second and J. D. Cameron's (Marietta)
Donegal third.
Racing in the East.
LATONIA, Ky., Soy. 13.— Seven furlongs,
Rampart won, Katie second, Birmingham
third. Time, 1:34^.
Five and a halt furlongs, Carlotta C won,
Forsythe second, Mertie Reed third. Time
1:12^.
Six furlongi, Hermes won, Lawnda second
Volma third. Time, 1:18%.
Mi e. imp. Skate won, John Kessler second,
Basso third. Time, 1 :47.
Five furlongs, Brtseis w<r . Fairoun second.
ViUscope third. Time, l:07l£.
NASHVILLE, Texn., Nov. 13.— Six furlongs.
Waldine won, Annie Sweet second, Trilby
third. Time, I:2l^'.
Five r.irloag?, traveler won, Susie Hswse
second, G. R. Longhurst third. Time, 1 :08V 4 .
Five furlongs. Granny won. Brain blenet stc
ond, Princess Maude third. Time, I :o7}^.
Five lurlo:ig8, Eton Jacket won, MiSS Bram
ble second, MHmie<allan third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs, Eleanor Me won. B. i\ Fly Jr.
second, FM B third. Time, I:l9*£.
m
Sale of a trade Colt.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Nov. 13.— Furst
Bros, sold at private sal? to-day to J. W.
Arkell, publisher of Judee, their crack
two-year-old running; colt Ben Brown.
The pri-je is not given, but it is under
stood to be $7500.
TO CONTEST THE ELECTION
Defeated Candidates in Utah Have Dis-
covered Many Irregularities in the
Polling System.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Nov. 13.— The late
election in Utah is to be contested on the
ground that it was conducted contrary to
the requirements of the State constitution,
which provides for a secret ballot. The
system adopted was a variety of the Aus
tralian ballot method, but was so arranged
tbat the registered number of the voter
was placed on the corner of bis ballot b>
the election judges, and by reference to
the ballots and the registration lists it is
easy to find out just how every voter cast
his ballot.
The contestants are some of the defeated
candidates and present officeholders, und
they say th«y are not seeking personal
gain, but as the majorities in favor of the
successful candidates are so enormous,
even if the courts hold the election to be
illegal they will resign and allow those
who received the majority of the votes to
assume the offices. Their object in making
tbe contest ia to prevent complications in
the future and to have the system of elec
tion placed on a legal basis.
Tbe Presidential electors r.nd the Con
gressmen so far have not become parties
to the suit, but the ruling of the court,
whatever it may be, will doubtless apply
to them as to all other candidates, and
what the result in their cases would be in
case the court rules tbe election void
nobody seems to know.
FROM GOTHAM TO WASHINGTON
The Headquarters of the Republican Ra
tional < o-'iniittre to Be Iransferred.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 13.— There
appear to be good grounds for believing
that the headquarters of the Reppblican
National Committee during the rest of the
J terra will be transferred from New York to
this city. Mr. Hanna, who is now in Chi
cago, closed the quarters in that city to-
I day. The Congressional Committee, which
will have another contest on its hands tteo
years hence, will continue to have its
headquarters In Washington and will
maintain an effective but limited force of
clerks, ulthoußh the building in which
they will work has not yet been agreed
upon. These two committees have been
working together in perfect harmony dur
ing the late campaign, and, owing to the
great amount of labor that can be done by
the Congressional Committee at a com
paratively small cost, Mr. Hanna believes
the two should be housed together, so that
the National Committee can secure the
assistance of its co-workers.
Shortly after Congress meets, when all
the members of the Congressional Com
mittee will be here, it is understood that a
conference of the two committees will be
held, when the plan now tentatively
agreed upon by Mr. Hanna and Chairman
Babcock of the other committee wiil be
carefully worked out. With tbe beginning
of the new year, it is supposed tbe head
quarters at New York will bo closed.
SEWALL YET FOR SILVER.
Like Others, He Is Very Busy in Ex-
plaining the Defeat.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— Arthur
Sewall of Maine, late candidate of the
Democratic party for Vice- President, is at
the Holland House. He was seen this
morning as he was at breakfast with
Erskine M. Phelps of Chicago, a former
member of the Democratic National Com
mittee. Mr. bewail said that his visit
here had absolutely nothing to do with
politics. He is on his way to Florida.
"The recent election." said Mr. Sewall,
"was a grand silver victory, when it is
considered that the whole power of the
press, the pulpit and the money forces of
the country were arrayed in opposition.
The silver cause was never so vigorous as
now and is far from dying out. It will con r
tinue to be the great political issue, and
will be victorious four years hence. The
future looks very bright for silver."
BUSY STONING LETTERS.
Major JllcKinlet/ Aow interring All
His Mantf Correspondents.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 13.— Major Mc-
Kinley devoted a great deal of time this
afternoon to sicning letters. There are
great piles of letters awaiting his signa
ture. For the last month he has been
able to answer none but the most pressing
ones.
Callers wsre few to-day, and Major Mc-
NEW TO.DAT.
~~ ISK A LESSON TOMEN
]j& /^w HLIOOUII lu -IflCli
; JrHJJ^^^^^f^ -You have exceeded the limit '
t^^/S%S**T I ' allowed by nature in the enjoy-
''Wp&'-^f^Siw"/^' ment of worldly pleasures. You
. have "at some time overtaxed
y /^^^Nv your nervous system, and there
* *v^i^/v^ "■'■■"" V^\ is a weakness lurking there
" '^^i^^^s^M) ready to .break forth in all its
."*' . . *T ' '"Tv^vJll^;-. - : pitiable, destructive effects upon
you. Do not disregard these little symptoms, which you' feel
from; day to day ; they are messages telling of the suffering of
your nerves and warning you that a breakdown is near. . It may
come to-morrow and then it will be too late to mend. Mend
now. What energy is left you put it forth and save yourself.
Call on or write to Dr. Sauden and study his plan ; study how so
many unfortunates . have been saved. Don't wait ; act to-day.
It is of vital importance to you. Have you read or heard of the
wonderful cures which are being; accomplished by
DR. SAN DEN'S ELECTRIC BELT?
There is not a hamlet on the Pacific Coast but has one or
more who owe their happiness to it. This is the record of five
years' good work. '
• ii "I was generally run down and needed something to build me up. Your Belt, has accom-
pushed that purpose and lam perfectly satisfied," says Wm. T. Karle, Azusa, cm. ; ;
; What a record this paper could show if people cured of such
troubles would allow their names to be used ! Every day some
grateful restored man gives thanks to Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
So will you if you will try it. ■ Send for the book, £4 Three Classes^ I
of Men," free, sealed : closely, by mail. Address ' ■; ".■..■:...
SA.3NTI3EIff ' BLBOTHIO CO.,
632 7 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office hours 8 A. M. to 8:30 P. M. ; Sundays 10 to 1. Offices at Los ; Angeles,. CaL. 204
So. Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washington street :<- r » t . ->
NOTE.— no mistake in the number— 633 ; Market street. ,
Kiniey, for fcbe first time since his elec
tion, bad two or '..Kree hours of uninter
rupted toll. This evening a number of
the neighbors Slid friend 3of Major and
Mrs. McKiuley spent the evening by spe
cial invitation a: ihe house of the Presi^
dent-elect. Mrs. McKinley has so far
recovered her health as to be able to re
ceive her guests. Tliis was the first social
event that has taken place at the McKin
ley home since the election.
It is likely that Chairman Hanna will
come to Canton in a 'lay or two to have a
talk with Major McKinley. Major Mc-
Kinley may not leave for Cleveland be
fore the middle of next week. He said to
night that be would not be able to at-
tend the banquet of the Home Market
Club in Boston on the 24th of November.
APPRECIATE THE SERVICE.
Both McKinley attrt Bryan lhank the
t'nitrd AxSLCiatrd Pressrs.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 13.— The fol
lowing letter was received to-day by Wal
ter P. Phillips, general manager of the
United Associated Presses:
Canton, Nov. 5, 1896.
My Dear Sir: Permit me to acknowledge the
services of your great association in reporting
and transmitting the news from Canton in
the campaign now closed, tfour representa
tive here, Francis B. Looniis, has been prompt,
faithful and attentive, and I desire to com
mend him for his work. Yours very truly,
William McKinley.
Lincoln, Nebr., Nov. 13, 1890.
Walter P. Phillipt, General Manager cf the
United Associated Presses, New York—Ur Deab
Sir: Now that the campaign Is over. I write
to thank you for the space which you devoted
to our side of the cause and for the tairness
with which our meetings were reported. I
have already expressed my appreciation for
the courtesies extended by your representa
tive who traveled with us. Very truly yours,
W, J. Bbyan.
Hitt Wants to Be Senator.
GALENA, 111., Nov. 13.— Congressman
D. R. Hitt, chairman of the House Com-^
mittee on Foreign Relations, who has
been in public life for twenty years, to-day
became an avowed candidate for the
United States Senate, to succeed Senator
Palmer. In an interview published in the
Gazette he authorizes his friends to pre
sent his name to the Republicau caucus
when the Legislature meets next year.
Get. All Three Electors.
WILMINGTON, Del., Nov. 13.— T0-day
Governor Watson issued his election
proclamation. In it he declares that (he
three McKinley electors — Shaw, Fooks
and Wilson — were chosen. He decided
to .consider the votes cast for James G.
Shaw and for James G. Shaw Br. as cast
for one man. This gives the Republicans
all their electors.
IN THE DIRECTION OF ALASKA.
Professor Dyche of Kansas Has Figured
Out a New Way to Reach the
North Fole.
LAWRENCE, Kans., Nov. 13.—Profes
sor L. T. Dyche, who for four months past
ha* been roaming through the wilds of
Alaska, arrived home last night. Regard
ing a passage to the North Pole via Alaska
he said:
"I believe it i* possible to reach the
north pole in that direction. Whalers
told me that it was not uncommon in
favorable years to go as far as 85 degrees
latitude, and I believe at favorable times
of the year when the direction of the ice
is northward, that it could be reached in
that way. I believe that lam safe in say
ine that an expedition will be fitted out in
some future time, and an attempt be
made to reach tbe pole by way of Alaska." 1 '
TEN TIMES A BIGAMIST
Ugly «T. H. Hart Proud of His Abilities
as a "Lady Catcher
PADUCAH, Ky., Nov. 13.— While J. H.
Hart is on trial in the Graves County
court at Mayfield for bigamy, six of his
eight living wives and four young chil
dren sit near him. Although not a bit
good-looking, Hart is believed to have
been married at least ten times. His
matrimonial relations cover over four
States.
He is 48 years of age, bald-headed and
bow-legged. Yesterday three of his
wiveB — one from Missouri, one from Ten
nessee and one from Kentucky — arrived.
One was nursing a baby in arms and the
second led » little boy. The tnird will
soon add another member to Hart's
family.
The, trio visited the jail together, and
Hart, not a bit embarrassed, chatted with,
all three of them for some time. Several
of the bigamist's victims stop at the same
hotel. They live happily, atthoueh nearly
all of them call him "husband." Hart
do j s not deny his guilt, and seems proud
of his abilities as a lady catcher.
Santa ie Receivership.
TOPEKA, Kaks., Nov. 13.— 1t has been
agreed by the attorneys for both tbe
prosecution and defense in the Santa Fa
receivership suit to try the case on its
merits in the Federal court November 23.
Three points will be raised: First, the
constitutionality of the alien land act as
applied to railroads; second, the consti
tutionality of the law as applied to alien
land-owners in general; third, whether
tbe act passed both branches of the Kan
sas Legislature.LOYALTY OF THE
AMERICAN TARS
Secretary Herbert Talks
About the Navy of
Uncle Sam.
This Country Noted for Great
Shipbuilders and Seamen
of Valor.
IMPROVEMENT IN THE SEEVICI
O.ficers of the American Navy Nut
Surpassed by Any Body ol Men
in the World.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov.Rl3.— The an
nual dinner of the Society of Naval Archi
tects and Marine Knjineers was held to
night at Del monico's. President Clement
A. Griscom ure^ided, and covers were laid
for 150 guesis. Tne guest of the evening
was Secretary of the Navy H. A. Herbert,
•wiio spoke to the toast of "The Navy of
the United States." He said:
It Is peculiarly appropriate that the naval
architects and marine engineers of the United
States and their guests should unite to-night
In a toast to our navy. Ihe American ship
builder is entitled to a large share in whatever
glory thdt navy has achieved in the past, and
•I think I am in a position also to say he is per
forming his full duty to it now and that tie
may be trussed in the future. When we read
of the glories that have so often followed our
country's flag on the higii seas we are much
too apt to remember only the officers and men
whose skill and courage shone resplendent In
the supreme hour of battle. The student of
history, searching for cause and effect, gives
credit also to those who provided '.he means
•with which battles were won, to the men who
built the shij.s that swung and v. ere at the
captain s will, and brought to bear at the word
of command the guns that decided the conflict.
The art of shipbuilding and civilization have
traveled hand in hand since history began;
e&ch has been essential to the other in peace
and in war. It was commerce carried in ships
along the borders of the Mediterranean that
was the mother of the civilization ot Greece
and Rome. It was tbe superior ships in the
combined navies of the Christian allies that
enabled them at the Lepanto, In the fifteenth
century, to annihilate the power ol the im
perious Saracen, wno then threatened all tbe
Christian peoples of Southern Europe with the
fate of the unfortunate Armenians of to-day.
We are shipbuilders and sailors by inheri
tance, and no nation has ever more thoroughly
understood the value of first-class naval ships
and first-class guns than we. It has been our
traditional policy to have our ships and guns,
if j.osEiDie, to be just, a little better than those
of the same class belonging to our possible
enemies. So it was that we had a slight ad
vantage over the British in most of the famous
duels of ships at sea that made our flag so
glorious in the war of 1812, and we have
steadily aimed to pursue that policy from that
day to this.
i.yen while our Civil War was on the great
naval powers of Europe took up the lessons we
had taught and the days of the old-time man
of-war soon passed away forever. For nearly
twenty years after our Civil War very little of
V-Actlcal value was added to our navy. We
rested irom ship-building, but other nations
made vast strides in the construction of armor
and ships and guns and torpedoes. Then
Secretary Chandler began our new navy by
•laying down four vessels, all of which are
vessels to-day. Secretary Whitney followed
Secretary Chandler, and with larger appro
priations at hand there grew up under him
an armor plant, plants for the forgings of
great guns, a plant at Connecticut for the
manufacture of rapid-fire guns, and during
his administration of tbe navy American
establishments turned out all the shapes and
angles and shaftings and other material that
go into a ship.
Secretary Tracey followed, and tinder him
another armor plant grew up. A torpedo
manufacturing plant was established and im
provements were made in the form of armor
which have been adopted all over the world.
The present administration has endeavored to
follow In the same lines, and it is believed
that to-day our gunboats, our cruisers, our
harbor-defense ships, our battle-ships and our
torpedo-boats just contracted for, our great
guns and small guns, our torpedoes, our pow
der and high explosives are equal to any in
the world.
Preparations are complete for tbe continua
tion of, and I hope we shall continue, the pro
gramme of increasing our navy. A first-class
modern man-of-war, such as we are now con
structing ana have constructed, is the sum of
all human inventions. Nowhere in all the
wide range of industries of the world can be
found more splendid exemplifications of en
terprise and genius than in these exploits of
American mechanics.
The veterans of that great war are rapidly
passing into history, but there need be no fear
of those in whose hands they will leave the
honor of our flag. In culture, in capacity, in
character, the officers of the navy to-day are
not surpassed by any body of men In the
world. Their morals and discipline are
anmireble.
Our enlisted men as a body are being rapidly
more thoroughly Americanized; they are well
disciplined and can be implicitly relied on.
Let me assure you that whenever and wher
ever our navy is called upon it will be found
on the alert ready for its work whichever and
wherever that work may be.
Other speakers were: Hugh Kelly,
president of the Maritime Exchanee, who
responded to the toast, "The Maritime
Exchange" ; Congressman-elect BelforJ C
Loring, Captain J. W. Miller, commander
of the naval reserves of New\ork; Chief
Constructor P ilip Hichborn and General
Thomas W. Hyde.
ENACHIS OF LABOR.
Many Matters of Interest to the Order
Are Considered.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Nov. 13.— The
only business of interest transacted by the
Kniebts of Labor at the morning session
was the passage of an amendment to the
constitution permitting the organization
of junior assemblies, to which apprentices
will be allowed membership.
The general assembly sat again this
afternoon, and it was not until 4:30
o'ciock that an adjournment was taken.
The law committee had the floor and
several important constitutional amend
ments were presented and pass-ea. A
considerable authority, which has hitherto
been exercised by the executive board, was
taken rom it and assumed by the general
assembly.
The General Assembly now has the
power to enforce the laws of the organiza
tion between yearly sessions. Hereafter
in the case of a minor official being dis
qualified for holding office a temporary
official will be elected to fill bis place in
stead of calling on alike offirial from some
other district. Section 102 of the consti
tution w:-,s entirely stricken out. This
section was relative to the power of the
executive board. The law committee a'so
adopted resolutions covering the ques
tion of old District Assembly No. 24 of
Chicago, which was interested in the
stockyards strike of several years ago.
Resolutions have been passed to take
legal steps to prevent the new order formed
at that time from using the name by
which It is known, and also to compel it
to re und the money and return the
books, charter and other properly of the
disbanded assembly.
Op. motion of J. 1). Schonfarber of Mary
land, Delegate Dewey, formerly of De
troit, who was in bad ersc^ with the
Knisrhts, is again eligible for membership.
The assembly then adjourned until to
morrow.
CRIME OF A LITTLE GIRL
Accused of Having Murdered an infant
by Administering Arsenic in the
Milk.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 13.— A Jour
nal special from Oswego, N. V., says:
Fanny Scofield, a remarkably attractive
girl and only 13 years of age, is locked
up in tbe Oswego County Jail on the
charge of murder. She was taken there
yesterday by Coroner Vowinkel as a re
sult of his inquest into the death of Fern
Field, the two-year-old daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Albert FMd, who live on a farm
near the village of Mexico.
About a week ago ihe parents left the
little one in the nou-se asleep and went
into the field to work. On returning the
father found the child in convulsions and
called his wife, but the little one died be
iore medical aid arrived.
The Coroner held an inquest and
learned that the child had been well when
the parents left it. Later it awoke and
asked .'or something to eat. The little
prisoner gave it some milk. She says that
it was the same as the other milk in the
house. Dr. W. Manlius Smith of Syra
cuse made an analysis of the contents of
the baby's stomach and found that it con
tained arsenic. It is believed that Fanny
Scofield put "Rough on Rats" into tbe
milk.
Last July the only other child of the
Fields died, and it is now believed that
the Scotield girl had a hand in her death
also. The body will be exhumed and an
examination made. Fanny stoutly denies
that she had anything to do with the
deatb of the children. Her trip to the
jail was her first experience on the car's
and she had many questions to ask. She
was permitted to lodge with the Sheriff's
family and does not seem to realize her
position.
AN ARKANEAS RACE WAR.
White JUillhanda Trying to Drive Out
th« Aegroe*.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 13.— A special
from El Dorado, Ark., says: The white
and colored laborers em poly ed At
Hawthorne Mills, twelve miles south of
here, have been waging a race war since
last Monday. The whites, who are largely
outnumbered by the negroes, declared
that the colored men should not be per
mitted to work in the mills, and warned
them to leave. The negroes did not go,
und a number of white men whipped a
neero.
That night a car and several tents in
which the negroes were sleeping were
surrounded by armed white men and
more than 100 shots were fired into the I
car tents. How many negro^ s» were hurt |
cannot be ascertained, but it is known ■
ttiat a woman was fa ally wounded. The |
shooting is thought to have been for the
purpose of frightening the negroes away,
as when it ceased they were a.am warned
to leave, under pain of dea h.
Yesterday there was further rioting, the j
extent of which has not been ascertained,
but the Sheriff has gone there with a
posse of deputies to restore order. The j
mills were idle yesterday, neither whites j
nor blacks being at work. A report j
reached nere last evenine to the effect !
that tne injured woman had died and that j
serious trouble was imminent, the negroes.;
threatening to avenge her death.
••>
WANTS TO GUARD EXPRESS-CARS.
frank Jam** Offer* to Stand Off All ! .
Train- Robber*.
ST. LOUIS. Mo., Nov. 13.— Frank
James, Jesses brother, yesterday an- j
nounced his willingness to guard express- !
cars against train-robbers, and guarantee
railroad companies full protection, for a
nominal salary and insurance for.' his
family in case of death, if retained in
this capacity James promises that no one j
train-robber or a dozen would ever get i
near enough to an express-car to secure
anything. Said he:
"The only way that they can rob a car |
that 1 am placed on to watch is for them !
to ditch the whole train and heap it up
together, and .then, if I have any life left
in me after the wreck and am within reach !
of my gun, I will still prevent them from
robbing the car."
FURT OF A LAKE GALE.
Two Schooners in Great Danger, but
Ihrir Cretin Saved.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. 13.— The
furious gale that swept over the lake from
the west at daylight this morning brought
trouble to two schooners off this harbor.
As the schooner Marine City was being |
towed into the river the line parted and !
she driited ashore. The schooner Brenton [
was soon afterward discovered outside
the breakwater in distress She will prob
ably pound to pieces.
The life-naving crew realized that in
the heavy seas nothing could be done to
reiease the schooner, and undertook to
rescue the crew, who were clinging to the
masts. The men jumped into tbe icy
water of the lake and exerted every possi
ble effort to keep afloat, but were nnder
water most of the time.
Renewed Iliialnexm Activity.
DETROIT, Mich., Nov. 13.— The Journal
this afternoon says that inquiries among
manufacturers show renewed activity in
business since McKi nicy's election. Buick
& Sherwood, which were working three
quarters time, are working sixty hours per
per week now. The Michigan Bolt and
Nut Works have increased their working
hours per week, and exoeoc to be running
full time a?ain in a week, and Leonard,
Lawrence & Co. have been running full
time since election. All tbe local banks
report a better condition of affairs, their
deposits having gained daily since the
election.
To Restrain Striker*.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 13.— Judge Gross
cup is proceeding with the application of
the GormulJy-Jeffery Bicycle Manufactur
ing Tompanv for an injunction a-ainst
the Metal Polishers' National Union.
The firm charges the polisher?, through
tneir National organization, with running
a boycott on th<? Rambler and Ideal
bscvcles. The trouble grows out of a
strike of polishers a year ago. Yesterday
the matter was referred to Master in
Chancery Bishop, who reported this morn
ing in tavor of granting a temporary re
straining order.
Walking to A<u) i'ovk.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 13. — Charles
Wolf has begun tiie payment of his elec
tion bet, and Ben Smeeto:i, the winner
is Jaugning in his sleeve. Wolf bet
Smeeton that if Bryan lost the election
he would show his disgust by walking to
N-w York. Had Bryan been successful
Smeeton would now be doing what Wall
is engaged in— a walk to New York. Wolf
left on his lon* tramp yesterday, talcing a
tie pass over the Michigan Central rail
road.
Sxtirid- of a Stranger.
BALTIMORE, Md., Nov. 13.— A man
who registered at Ganshern's Hotel three
days ago as George Sanger of Texas, and
afterward gave his residence as Kansas
City, committed suicide last night.
Heath of a l'ubliiher.
LOWELL. Mass., Nov. 13.— G. A. Hans
com, late puolistier of the Lowell Daily
Times and Evening Star, died at North
ampton last night, a«ed6o.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 189(5.
FISH AND GAME
LAW VIOLATIONS
Commissioner Morrison in
a Fit of Disgust
Resigns.
Charges the State Board With
All Kinds of Oificial
Misconduct.
CHRONIC ABUSES UNPUNISHED
Game Out of Season Openly Sold in
San Francisco Markets and No
Arrests Hade.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Not. 13.— "1
shall never attend another meeting of the
Fish and Game Commission. I will never
sign my name to its reports, and shall
send my resignation to the Governor as a
member of the State Fish and Game Com
mission at my earliest opportunity," said
Fish Commissioner James H. Morrison
this evening.
"My reasons for doing so are many and
all sufficient. When I accepted the ap
pointment from the Governor 1 did so not
for the honor entailed nor for any thought
of self-eievation, but because, as a
sportsman, and knowing tbe requirements
of game protection throughout the State,
I considered that as a member of this
commission I nfight be enabled to more
effectually further this greatly needed
protection. I have found out my mis
take. I am thoroughly disgusted with
the whole affair, and have too many per
sonal and business mattera to attend to to
waste further time in endeavoring to turn
a farce into a reality. I have refused to
attend its meetings in the past because it
was entirely useless on my part.
"Every subject to be acted npon was
cut and dried before I arrived, and I had
no voice whatever in any of the affairs
which came before the commission. When
new men were to be employed I was
never even informed of it, and was to
tally unable to ascertain their fitness for
the position, and even now I know noth
ing of the qualihca.ions of any of the em
ployes, never having heard them discussed
before tbe board. I have, on tbe other hand,
never refused to sign any of the men's
claims, because I thine that, no mat
ter what a man's qualifications are for ihe
position he tilis, if he holds it and does
the work, he is entitled to his pay. But
kept in entire ignorance of the workings
of ttie commis ion as I have been, I have
had to sign warrants for men who of my
own Knowledge I did not Know whether
they had performed the work or not, and I
do not like to work in the dark.
"Before I became a m.niber of the
Board of Game Commissioners I always
understood that its functions were the
protection of the game and fish of the
State, and the game as well as tne lisb. I
had not ever looked upon the commission
as a mere social arrangement. The lish
are protected, 1 will allow that.
"It \i advantageous to tbe cannery in
terests that they should be, but go into
tbe open markets of San Francisco 10-day
and see how well the game are protected.
See bow well ihe members of the Fisu
Commission enforce the law for the pro
tection ol the feathered tribes. There is a
fund set aside for the prosecution of those
who expose game lor sale before the 15th
of October, but it has never been drawn
upon and no arrests have been made.
Market hunters have received notice to
lorward all the game they can secure to
the markets, and the law is flagrantly vio
laied every day.
"As a member of the commission I have
always protested against this and have
demanded that the deputies make arrests,
and that a conviction be attempted, yet
my protests have bet n of no avail, and in
consequence I have no hesitation in saying
that 1 will no longer lend my name to
this commission.
"I find no difficulty in enforcing the
law throughout this section of the coun
try. You never see game or fish offered
for sale out of season in Sacramento.
Why? Because would-be violators ot the
law realize that they will be punished
and punished severely. We have demon
strated, with the aid of but one deputy in
this treat section, that the law can be en
forced. We have made numerous arrests
and secured convictions in every case.
Why cannot this be done in San Fran
cisco?
"As to the appointment of Mr. Vogel
sang Ido not care to say anything, as I
know nothing of the gentleman, but 1
hope that he will consider the game in
terests of the State as well as the fish in
terests.
"I have refused to sign the report of the
Game and Fish Commission and I shall
still refuse to do so. lam by no means
satisfied with it. I know nothing of its
truth or lalsity, and in consequence I feel
that I acted rightly by refusing to lend
my name to it. lam sick and disgusted
with the commission and its doings and
will wash my hands of the entire affair."
NEWS OF SAN JOSE.
Chinese Laundryman and a White Woman
Arnsted on a Charge of Criminal
Intimacy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 13.— Mrs. Jennie
Hassier and Sang Lee, a Chinese laun
dryman, were brought to the County Jail
to-day from Los Gatos to await examina
tion on a charge of criminal intimacy.
The complainant is Frank Hassler, the
husband of the woman. About a year
ago Hassler was convicted of maltreating
his family, and served several months in
the County Jail here for the offense.
Since then tbe complainant and his wife
have not lived together, and Sang Lee
who is a prosperous iaundryman In the
Gem C tv, has supplanted Hassler in his
wife's affections. The other day Ha*sler
visited his wife for the purpose of trying
to make up with her, but be was met at
the door by Bang Lee, who not only re
fused him admittance to his home but
chased him from the place. Hassler was
arrested yesterday and is now in jail
awaiting trial on a charge of felony em
bezzlement.
FREE METHODISTS
Husiness Transacted at Yesterday's Ses
sion of the Conference,
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 13.— The confer
ence of Ute Free Methodist Church to-day
elected C. Swi; ■ -iibank of Cosunines elder
of the !-au Jo c district. Tte names of
Re 7. A. B. W. Wiltyand Rev. G. E. Miller
were dropped from the conference role
the former having joined the Meihodist
Episcopal church.
The following boards were appointed
for ihe ensuing year: Board of church
extension— B. P. Jones, F. H. Horton
William Pearce, C. Switbenbank H L
Kibley anl O. Johnson. Home nnsbion
board— B. R. Jo'ies, C. Swithenbank, C. H.
Loorai*, M. L. Wmegarden, J. Winter and
E. Hough.
The action of the executive committee
in preparing for a mon: hly publication
for the church was indorsed.
This afternoo" Rev. R. B. Jones ad
dressed the Woman's Home Missionary
Society on ihe subject of "Foreign Mis
sions."
The conference will finish its work to
morrow afternoon.
Soinble Forester Entertained.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 13.— Court Garden
Ciiy, Ancient Order of Foresters, last
evening entertained H. A. Parker of Vic
toria, B. C, past chief ranger of the
High Court of the world.
SMUGGLERS IN TROUBLE.
Captain and Crew of an American. Teasel
Cnvfured by Mexicans.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 13.— Captain
Jensen and two sailors of the schooner
Ellen, captured by Mexican customs offi
cers on board the steamer Carlos Pacheco
at Rosalia Bay, have been given daily ex
aminations in court since their transpor
tation to Ensonada. Captain Mood: in
and two sailors who escaped to the main
lan d at the same time from the junk Pekin
to avoid capture, have not been overtaken
by the rurales sent after them, so far as
known. It is believed here by friends of
the men tnat one of the small schooners
hovering off the coast, near Rosalia, took
Moodlin and bis men after the Pacheco
disappeared. Complications are reported
as liKeiy to arise as a result of the capture
of. Jensen and his schooner .by Mexican
customs officers, sailing under . the . Pa
checo's flag, which is that of the Nicara
guan Government. Under the terms of a
mail contract between the owners of the
Pacbeco and the Mexican Government,
tne steamer is made available at any time
the Mexican officials may need her to go
after smugglers, but as towheiher such
an agreement is legal, authorities differ.
The schooner Ellen, now held by the
Mexicans, is under the American flag.
AUBURN`S GRAND FIESTA.
Children's Sight Draws the Whole Town
to the Opera- Uouie.
AUBURN, Cal., Nov. 13. — Another
jammed house viewed the Queen and her
fiesta surroundings at the opera-house. It
was children's night, and the little ones
acquitted themselves admirably. Owing
to the crowd last night many deferred
their examination of the flower display
and in consequence there has been a
steady stream of visitors to the pavilion
all day. To-morrow will include a football
game at the park and grand ball at the
opera-house in the evening. Governor
Budd is expecied to attend the latter.
NOTES FROM PALO ALTO
Dr. David Starr Jordan Is Ex
pected Home Early in
December.
Mme. Fannie B oomfi ld-Z isler's Suc
cessful Piano Recital — Football
Practice Daily.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Nov.
13. — Dr. David Starr Jordan will return
from his trip to Washington on December
5. Such is his intention, according to
recent word Irom S:anford's president.
On Tuesday last he delivered an address
before the University of Minnesota and on
Saturday will deliver a lecture at the
Ind.ana State University, of whic he was
pres.dent before he accepted a like posi
tion at Staniord. President Swain of the
Indiana State University was at one time
a pupil of Dr. Jordan, and before his en
gagement as president o; that university
wan a head professor at Stanford. It is
probable that Standford's president will
spend several days at the scene of his first
labors as a college president among many
of his old friends.
Mme. Fannie Bloomfield-Zeisler, the
great iiianiste whose recent iecital-in San
Francisco made sucu a decided impression.
gave a reciial this evening in the chapel to
a lair sized audience of students and
faculty members with tneir families. The
performance was in every way a remark
able success. The audience was most en
thus.astir, and tue wonderful arti-st very
kindly responded to numerou- encores.
Many who heard the performance are of
the opinion that the rendition of some of
the numbers was even more enjoyable
than that of Paderewski of the same crea
tions.
The women studenis of the university,
who do not reside on the campus, arecon
eratulating themselves on the fact that
to-morrow there wi»l be formally opened
for their use a room especially fitted ap
for them. Their chief complaint has been
that when they had afternoon work and
brought their lunches from their home-,
and places of residence they had no place
provided as an eating and waiting room.
This lias been secured through the assist
ance of the wives of some of the profes
sors and is cozilv fixed up for rainy wea
ther.
The football men are busily engaged
each afternoon, under the supervision ot
Cross and his assistants, in perfecting
their play. Misfonuue has seemed to
camp here at Stanford during (he whole
of this season. More men have been
forced to lay off on account of injuries,
more or less serious, t .an In any previous
season. Notwithstanding the brignt pros
pects for Stanford at the beginning of the
season, and the large numoer oi players
out, these continued accidents have badly
handicapped the work of the team, and
at the present time not a single one oi
the most prominent Varsity halfbacks is
able to play. Two of them will probably
be oui again in a few days, but another
is not expected to be able to play again
before the game. The result is that thf re
is a feeling of ill-concealed uneasmes and
anxiety as the Thanksgiving game ap
proaches.
The men seem to be playing with a will
and are training continuously, to Captain
Fickert and tbe enthusiasts sml cxi ect to
give Berkeley a hard tussle. But tnere is
many a student who is wondering just
wiiat the outcome will be in a most uncer
tain manner — whether the cardinal will
again triumpn over tbe blue and or
whether the unbroken list of football vic
tories is to give way at last.
SiippHe-* for Coant Lighthouiet.
SEATTLE, Wash., Nov. 13.— The United-
Slates lighthouse tender Columbine, Cap
tain Richardson, arrived in port to-day on
her annual cruise for the purpose of sup
pling the lighthouse stations on Puget
Sound and at Grays Harbor.
From pan to fire is "all same" 'taking sub-
stitute fnr what you need. When you need
Joy's Vegetable Sar-apariila don't take
P od's or Vrod'sor Nod's take what you
go to get and get what you ask for. This is a
;ree country and you can get just what you
want if you inai<t. Joy's SarsapariJla
cures habitual constipation. Take it.
f . , , NEW TO-DAT CLOTHING. ' L.^^L.. , ' - -'■ ' '_^
SMOKE DONE IT!
Smoke Hurt | No doubt you are all familiar 'with the fact
_ T o I that your big and popular Kearny -street house ivas §
US, OUt I visited by fire on Wednesday, November 11th, which %
wrt d *• 1 filled our entire building from the first floor to the |
Will Benefit § roof with smoke. Our four entire floors were seeth- I
. . 1 ing with smoke, which injured our stock beyond I
YOU. ..viVii' ' I range of calculation. |
Our | Our stock, '• being a high-class one, gave the |
*s*i ->''•' r..t\ I smoke all the more leeway to get in its bad effects. I
wiiOlCeSt I We have the reputation of carrying the largest %
Overcoats ' ' ' I aiulinost complete stock of Men's, Boys' and Child- M
V/VcrtUd.ls " £v i m ±r ' ' T7 ; '"• 7 • -L, t ~n- , • n tt -i 7
: I ren s Clothing , Furnishings and Hats in tlie United I
at Smoke ■■ • • I states. |
'; I These you'll get at smoke prices. " 1
Prices. I the smoke sale begins to-day. §
Q 000000000000 000000 00000000000000000000000000000000000000
x The smoke hurts us, but will benefit you. x
OiIIUI\C i We propose to make very short work of this \
% stock, as the prices will indicate when you call. |
In • llf&rl ■'- \ our HI fortune to be forced to hold a sale of §
injUlCCl \ this kind, but we're going to adopt heroic methods I
6 and get this stock out of the Jwuse as quickly as 8
■ok\\t* ' I possible. . . I
v^-.U F A I;. Sale will be continued from day to day until all I
I goods injured by smoke have been disposed of. $
C i f-i bc^f >s? Quick metlwds will be the thing uppermost in \
riiiC^U tour mind.
$ O<>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 000000 0000000000000 <J>
Our I ;We desire right here to thank our many friends, I
. . | those sending us messages from the city, interior and |
Y^m a I far off points ; we desire to return our most sincere \
XTrl fl CS L /;%:'- , 1 thanks for their kind sympathy, ■ |
"#i4"' : CLfiirtLri* ; ■ 5 You will enjoy our very choicest goods in all lines x
"- 1 - x at SMOKE PRICES, and you know full well what %
, ' 5 smoke prices mean. <$
PriCeS. I ™ SALE BEGINS TO-DAY. %
• ' &oooooooooooooooooooooo<>ooooooooooooooooooooooooo 00000000
RAPHAEL'S
.:^^u.- I :^^Uj^: : .:X ',:* .},., .^.-.-v.; : " .." (INCORPORATED), r :
O, XI, XS £t,xici XS Kearny Street.
34
MOORE'S TRIAL FOR
MURDER AT NAPA
Schaug, to Whom He Con
fessed, Takes the
Stand.
The Prisoner's Story of Mrs.
Greenwood's Fate Offered
in Evidence.
CARL SCHMIDT ALSO IN COURT
Nothing Is Elicited From the Convict,
Who Shows Every Sign of
Insanity.
NAPA, Cal., Nov. 13.— The trial of
William Moore was resumed this morn
ing. Captain Green wood was recalled and
testified with reference to the color of an
overcoat taken on the night of the murder
from his house.
W. B. Schaug told of his acquaintance
with Moore while in Los Angeles County,
and said that while he (Schaug) was con
ducting a saloon business there Moore
had frequently in the last year and a half
come to his saloon for liquor. During this
time Moore was known to the people of
that vicinity by the name of George
Knight. On the sth day of September last
Mcore came to Schaug's place and volun
tarily offered to make a confession, and
asked Schaug to write it down. Schaug
complied with his request, and the con
fession was taken down word for word.
That part of the confession relating to
the Greenwood murder was offered in evi
dence by the prosecution, and was as
follows:
I went to Napa City and worked for Cooper
In the Vernon mills. 1 boarded with Brad-
Bhaw. I went to work for Pete Lynch breaking
horses; was there two seasons and went by the
name of William Moore. While there 1 got
acquainted with Mrs. Greenwood. I had been
there » number of limes. Mr. Greenwood had
no friendship for me. After finishing work
for Pete I went to San Francisco and stopped
at the What Cheer House, on Washington
street. 1 registered under the name of Wil
liam Smith and left a change of clothes. 1
started beck to Napa City and at V&llejo I met
a green Dutchman. I- kuew that 1 could use
him later on. We stopped at the Greenwood
residence. Mrs. Greenwood was iv Napa City.
In a few minutes sue drove up in a buggy. I
helped her out and we both went into the
house. All the time the Dutchman was stand
ing on the porch. I told him to go and tie the
horse up. While he was gone Greenwood and
1 got into a tuss in the parlor. Greenwood
pulled his gun and 1 mine. T:ien the shooting
began. -Isiioi him through the left cheek and
knocked out one ;ooth. Ti.e same snot killed
his wi;e. I then tied him, bucked and gagged
him and took his horse and buggy and drove
to Nairn City to rob the Nhj>& City Bank. I
could not tind tne third man that was waiting
for me. We intended going to the ceshier's
house and take him to the bank and make him
open it. I took the horse ami biig^y back to
Greenwood's. This happened February 9,
1891. 1 went back to the What Cheer House
and changed my clothes and shaved before
crossing over to San Francisco.
Mr. Schaug testified that the defendant
made the statement without any induce
ment or hope of reward being offered to
him. The statement was written down by
Schaug, a small portion being written
each day for about twelve days. A copy
of the original was then made by the son
of Schaug and the original was destroyed.
This statement was then placed in the
bands of Sheriff Burr. During the mak
ing of the statement iloore positively said
to Sciiaug: "1 am William Moore; lam
the murderer of Mrs. Greenwood."
Much interest was manifested by the
people when Carl Schmidt was placed on
the stand. Long liad ifaey waited to see
if Moore would be identified by him.
Schmidt was arrested and convicted about
five years apo of the murder of Mrs. Green
wood. By his story, at the time of his
trial, he admitted being at tne Greenwood
place at the time of the murder, but then
said he was not the leading one in com
mittin-' the crime. To-day when placed
on the stand only vague answers were
given to the questions that were pro
pounded to him.
A recess was taken by order of the court
and an examination of Schmidt was held
in the Judge's chambers as to his sanity,
the Judge, the lawyers in the case, Dr.
Lawlor of San Quentin and Drs. Hennes
sey and Shurtleff of Napa being present at
the examination. Schmidt complained
that "signers" were talking to him con
tinually. Uegave many amusing answers
to the questions asked him. Dr. Lawiorof
San Quemui said that Schmidt is insane
and tuat he is kept on "crank alley," sepa
rate from the main body of prisoners.
Schmidt now says that he was never in
Napa County and never saw the Green
wood place. Of course, this was untrue.
The trial was then resumed. Mrs. Weyse
of Los Angeles was placed on the stand.
She testified that hhe knew Moore, a* he
had worked for her on her ranch near Los
Angeles. She also testified that Moore
told her that he murdered Mrs. Green
wood in Napa in February, 1891.
The court then adjourned nntil Tuesday
moruing.
Dr. Iloirlea Hentoreit from Office.
NAPA, Cal.. Nov. 13.— The board of
trustees ol the Napa State Insane Asylum
to-day ordered" that second assistant
- physician G. A. Bowles be removed from
• nis office. Governor Budd and the newly
appointed trustee, Barrett, were present
at the investigation. The action was the
resu't of an assault made on resident
physician A. M. Gardner a short time aco
in the asylum business office by Dr.
Bowles. There is considerable specula
tion as to who will succeed Dr. Bowles,
Dr. D. Smith, third assistant physician,
being the most prominent candidate.
LANDNLIDES AND WASHOUTS.
berlous Interruption to Traffic on the
Great- Northern, lioad. .
SEATTLE. Wash., Nov. 13.— Serious
washouts and landslides, occasioned by an
unprecedented rise of the Skykomish
River, have occurred on the Great North
ern road in the Cascade v Mountains.
Freight and passenger trains cannot be
moved across . the , mountains ; in either
direction. The passenger train due here
from St. Paul ' at 7 , o'clock this morning
could not get through, and to-night's east
bound : overland was abandoned and the
postal authorities notified that no mails
could be taken East.
.Washouts four or five in number and as
many landslides have occurred in the
mountains in the vicinity of the town of
Skykomish. Unusually heavy rains for
forty-eight hours, past, together with a
chinook wind melting the snow, have
swollen the Skykomish River beyond: all
proportions, washing out >. much trackage
and inundating other portions in places to
a depth of four or five feet.
. Much freight for the Orient via the
steamship Kinshui, which, arrived in port
Wednesday, is also said to :be tied up in
the blockade on the east side. •: '" -■« • •
NO VACANCY EXINTER
Nevada's A'tWy Elected Lieutenant-Gov
ernor Without an Office. • 7. • 1
. CARSON, Nev., Nov. 13.— 1n an opin
ion rendered by Attorney-General
he - holds that ; there is no vacancy in the
office of Lieutenant-Governor during the
period when "th» rower 3 and duties of
Governor are devolveil upon the Lieuten
ant-Governor; that no vacancy in tue o:
-fice of Lieutenant-Governor has ever pi
isted or now exists in tins Sta'.e since the
death of his Excellency, tbe late John E.
Jones, and that the election of a Lieuien
ant-Governor at the last election was a
nullity."
MONGOLIAN FENGLLARITIES
Strange Cane of Alleged Mobbrrt/ and
Abduction in a J'l'ierr Court.
AUBURN, Cal., Nov. 13.— Placer's Su
perior Court was to-day delving into the
mysteries of tne affinities of the sexes as
regards the ytllow man. Wong Too Lung,
a Penryn merchant, about a month
aco sued out a warrant against Miss Sing
Gue, who was iherr living with F ng
Yueck of Merced. He accused ihe woman
of stealing $40 from him some eJeven
years ano. She was brought to Penryn,
but complainant failed to prosecute but
forced the woman to live with aim. To
day tbe Merced Chinaman appeared and
obtained the release of his lady love on a
writ of habeas corpus. The woman
seemed happy «o po with thp Fresno man.
Anticipatinc further trouble' at Sacra
mento, however, the na^py twain went
around by Marysviile. The case savors
strongly of abduction.
Washington Timber for Japan.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Nov. 13.— According
to Japanese agents stationed here as much
as 20,000,0J0 feet of timber recently con
tracted for from the Puget Sound mills is
to be worked into ties with which to trans
form 2600 miles of narrow-guaee railroad
in Japan to broad-gauge, the necessity for
this change havinc been emphasized by
the Japan-China war.
SAN DIEGO PROSPECTORS
Return From a Trip to the
Rich Gold Mines of San
Francisqaito.
Consummate a Deal With the Owners
of the Lost Mine Which Prom
ises Great Results.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 13.— 0n the
steamer Pacheco, which returned from
Lower California to-day, were A. H.
Lacey and A. R. Bryson of Los Angeles',
who went down in company with John
T. Gaffey and other Los An«eles men, to
gether with Adolfo Bareno, to visit the
Bareno brothers' gold mines at San Fran
cisquito, 350 miles southeast of this city,
on the gulf coast of the peninsula. The
party was tne largest prospecting party
that ever left Ensenada and comprised
ten men and twenty animals. About six
weeKs was required for the round trip.
Mr. Gaffey returned several days ago, but
Messrs. Lacey and Bryson remained at
Ensenada to close up the deal for the
mine. Papers were signed whereby the
Barenos bond the propeities to Lacey
brothers and their associates for $100,000,
and the new managers are to erect a mill
and develop the mines at once, the im
provements to become the property of the
Barenos if the syndicate does not pur
chase the mine. Work on a large scale is
to begin, the supplies and machinery to be
shipped to tbe nearest port on the gulf
and transported thence by rail.
When seen to-day Mr. Lacey was very
uncommunicative and Mr. Brysou almost
as much so. They admitted that a deal
was about consummated, but refused to
say that it was closed. From an equally
reliable source, however, the above figures
were learned. Mr. Lacey said the mines
were very rich and everything that they
had been represented, but the isolation
and great cost of transporting supplies
and machinery prevented their develop
ment up to this time. By utilizing
schooners on the gulf, however, and build
ing roads to connect the mines with the
landing it is expected that the cost will
be reduced to a reasonable figure.
The principal mine of the group, on
which the Barenos have done enough
work to prove its richness, has a romantic
history.
It is called the Lost Mine. The father
of the Bareno brothers discovered it origi
nally and prospected it somewhat, but
while at work alone he was overcome with
mortal illness, and feeling that his time
bad come he marked signs upon a large
granite bowider near his camp indicating
the direction of the mine. The marks
were made with charcoal and covered with
grea«e, which served as a paint that was
!<roof against the weather for a number of
years.
In their search for their father the
Bareno brothers stumbled upon the curi
ous marks upon the great bowlder and
near it discovered the bone 3of their
father. Following the signs as directed
they came upon the mine, which they
have worked ever since. The vein is very
rich and tears indications of developing
into the greatest bonanza yet uncovered
on the peninsula. Rock running as high
as $34,000 i er ton has been taken from the
shaft. The ore is said to average almost
$100 per ton_
FIERCE STORM UP NORTH
Of Cyclonic Force in Oregon,
Washington and British
Columbia.
The Violent Ga'e Accompanied by
Rain Which Falls for Forty-
Eght Hours.
PORTLAND. Or., Nov. 13.— A storm of
almost cyclonic proportions has been rag
in 2 over tbe Northwest for the past
twenty-four hours, and the Weather
Bureau reports that all the Northwest
coast wires are down.
Storm signals were hoisted yesterday at
all tlie Oregon, Washington and British
Columbia ports, warning all shipping not
to leave the harbor.
Private advices from Astoria say that
heavy gales last night blew the ships
ashore, but it is believed no great damage
was done. A heavy rainfall is reported in
Washington. Wind, with rain, at Port
land i^ blowing at the rate of forty-nine
miles an hour. All the Weather Bureau
records for a continuous gale have been
broken.
VESSELS SOUS AT ASTORIA.
Mishap to a Mirer tit- timer Which Causes
a J-iin ,r
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 13.— One of the
most furious windstorms that have visited
this section for many years has been
raging for the past forty-eight hours, with
no immediate indications of abatement.
At Fort Canby Ooservatory the maximum
velocity of the wind waselgnty-two miles.
The damage so far has been slight, but
two mishaps of any consequence having
occurred.
During the afternoon the British ship
Penthesilea and British bark Criffe!
dragged their anchors and fouled, the
Penthesilea losing her mizzen topgallant
yard. The Criffel was uninjured. The
river steamer Grady, running between
this city and Portland, also had a mishap
whi c crossing Cathiamet Bay, her for
ward overhanging deck being torn loose.
The passengers were thoroughly fright
ened, some of them running for life-pre
servers. The damage in each case will be
eligbt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
LOS ANGELES HAS
BEGUN TO BOOM
Will Share the Prosperity
to Follow McKinlsy's
Election.
Machine-Shops and Mills That
Have Long Been Idle Are
Starting Up.
NEW STEEL PLANT PRCJ2CTEI)
To Erect a Ten-Story Building— Big
Orders for Mining Machinery
From Arizona*
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 13.— The
stimulus tiven to manufacturing and
building interests in this city as a re
sult of Major McKlnley's election has been
very pronounced and is constantly hecom
ing more perceptible. The machine-shops
and mills in the manufacturing district
have in many instances doubled their out
put, while glowing fires have been started i
under many a furnace which had been a |
long time dull, dead and cold. Along J
with this renewed activity in manufac
ton a veritable building boom nas been !
launched. Tbe construction of a steel
plant is among the many new enterprises I
proposed for the near future. The man- !
ager of a local iron and steel company j
says that this will involve an outlay of j
$30,000, and continues:
"We can get an ample supply of mate
rial to work up; it will make us independ
ent of the East and cause a saving of $5 or
$6 a ton. At present the manufacturer
here .s at a great disauvantage. Tbe rail
roads charge just as much for the raw ma
terial as they do for the finished article.
At one time there was $10 a ton d -ff i_t
ence; then it was cut to $4, and now the
rate is the same. Why is tnis? You will
have to ask the raiiroad managers; they
are responsible for the discrimination
against the West."
It is learned that a marked increased de
mand exists here for mining machinery
for use principally la Arizona.
One of the big projects for the coming
year is a ten-story building at the north
west corner of Broadway and Second
streets. It is to put up for Charles Frost
of Pasadena.
MrLarhlan Thinks of Contesting.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 13.— The of
ficial count of tbe vote in Los Angeles
County was completed to-day, with no
material change in tbe results already
given. James Mo.Lachian R. is thinking
of contesting the victory of C. A. Barlow,
fusion candidate for Congress.
Arraigned for the Bank Robbery-
LOS ANGELES. Cal., Nov. 13.— Fred L.
Jones and J. j. McCarthy, alleged to have
tunneled under the First National Bank
to rob the institution, were arraigned in
the Superior Court to-day on charges of
burglary. Their trial was set for Decem
ber 14.
ELOPED FROM VALLEJO.
John McGinnis and His Child
Sweetheart Arrested at
WoodianJ.
The Girl's Mo'her Had Contf mplated
Placing Her in a
Convent.
WOODLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— A young
man and woman arrived in this city on
last night's train and proceeded to the
Byrns Hotel, where t! ey registered as
Maude Gardiner and William Gardiner,
both of San Francisco. They were as
signed to rooms 21 and 22, respectively.
Shortly afterward the couple appeared on
the street and went to a restaurant, where
they obtained supper. Their actions were
viewed with some suspicion by several
parties, as the young lady did not appear
to be more than Id years of age. It was
ascertained early ttiis morning that die
young couple had eloped from Vallejo.
Shortly afterward Deputy Malone of Be
nicia and Constable Blessin^ton of Va
llejo arrived in this city on a freight train
and proceeded to the Byrns Hotel, where
they found the two young people. They
were placed under arrest.
The youne man's name is John Mc-
Ginnis and he is employed as a brick
mason in the navy-yard at Vailejo. The
young lady proved to be Juliet Vashon,
who. it is claimed, is only 13 years of age.
About three months ago Mrs. Emma L.
Vasbon and daughter Juliet, whoi-e home
is in British Columbia, arrived at Vallejo
to pay an extended visit to relatives and
friends. Shortly after their arrival Mrs.
Vashon decided to place her daughter in
the convent at that place. On Thursday
evening tbe i;irl did not return to her
home at tbe usual hour, and Mrs. Vashon
began to make a search for her.
She soon learned that McGinnis and the
girl had procured a rig at the livery stable
and had been driven over to Benicia.
Mrs. Vasbon was very angry, and hunted
up a Justice of the !'• acp and swor.' to a
complaint charging McGinnis with ab
duction. The warrant of arrest was placed
in the officers' hands and the latter boarded
a freight train for Davisville, where they
made connection with one ot the freight
trains which arrived in this city this
morning.
Young McGinnis does not seem to be
alarmed over his arrest, an'l says that he
w'll procure bail a* soon as he arrives at
Vallejo. Officers Malone and Blesstngton
left for B nicia on this afternoon's train
with the eloping coupie.
MACHINERY FOR MEXICO.
stoei.-ton Jiicrires large Order* for the
"-t.it* of Sonora.
STOCKTON, Cal.. Nov. 13.— Senor Don
Aureliano L. Torres, son of General
Lorenzo Torres, in command of the Fed
eral troops In the State of Spnora, Mexico,
and a nephew of Governor Luis E. Torres
of that State, paid Stockton a visit to-day.
He has been traveling through the south
ern part of California and is now visiting
the central portion to Inspect agricultural
and mining ruacninery. Ha came to this
c ; ty for tue express purpose of looking at
the machinery made here for harvesting
purposes, Stockton has long been famed
:or this, and be ore the distinguished Mex
ican left to-day be had contracted for an
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
immense amount of agricultural machin
ery to be shipped from Stockton to Sonora.
Among other thin s was a big com
bined harvester, the like of which has
never been seeu in the section from which
Torres come*. At present the harvesting
is done by means of the old-styie mowers
and threshinc machines, but tne younger
blood in the State of Sonora has deter
mined to introduce more modern methods
and Stockton was selected as the place
where the newest agricultural appliances
could be secured.
Senor Torres left this afternoon for Sac
ramento. Alter inspecting the Capitol
City he will visit San Francisco, where it
is expected by himself and party that they
will be able to rr.ake large purchases of
mining machinery for use in Mexio.
m
STOCKTON STEAMERS STRANDED.
Heavy Fog and Low Water Make It
Difficult to Keep in the Miadie
of the Stream.
STOCKTON, Cal., Nov. 13.— About 9
o'clock this mornin a telephone menage
was received at the Mail office from Boul
den Inland, stating that the steamer
Dauntless had run on a sandbar in tha
Kokelumne River, just opposite the land
ing there, near the junction of that
stream with the San Joaquin River. The
hoat had left the San Joaquin to go about
three miles up the Mokelumne to Valen
tine. She was on her uptrip to this city
and she was stranded about 1 o'clock this
morning. The two boats of the old
line— the J. D. Peters and the City of
Stockton — both got stuck coming up. The
City of Stockton arrived about 10 o'clock
this forenoon, and the Peters, which after
ward was floated, came in an hour later.
Navigation is rendered very difficult by
the extremely low water and the heavy
fog on the river, which makes it almost
impossible, except for the old-time pilots,
to keep in the middle of the stream. When
the tide rose the Dauntless, after repeated
attempts, managed to iorce itself orf the
bar and into d^ep water again. She pro
ceeded up to Valentine and there went
aground strain. She extricated herself a
second time, though, and proceeded on
her way to this city. She arrived here
about 2 o'clock. The passengers had a
nice daylight ride along the picturesque
San Joaquin, and tho.-e who were not in a
hurry were well pleased.
VANCOUVER COPPER FIND
Strange Incident That Lsd to
the Fortune of a
Farmer.
Through the Peculiar Medium of a
Bullfight He Locates a
Rich Claim.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 9.— When a
cow kicked over a lantern and precipi
tated upon the city of Chicago a tire which
will long be remembered on this conti
nent the bovine species came in for a large
share of execration. Two members of the
same species have recently, in an equally
accidental manner, brought about a dis
covery which will do something to remove
the stigma under which the family have
rested so long. A farmer driving along
the road near Kamloops, a station on the
main line of the Canadian Pacific Rail
road, within a day's journey from Van
couver, came across two bulls engaged in
what appeared to be a deadly struggle,
and as one of the beasts was his o trn prop
erty he made a successful attempt to sepa
rate them. In the course of their struggle
the bulls had disl»dged several large
chunks of rock, which, being of a peculiar
appearance — spotted blue and black —
aroused the curiosity of the farmer, who
took some of it with him and afterward
submitted it to an assayer, with the re
sult Mint he found it contained copper to
the varue of $45 per ton. Subsequently
staking a claim and proceeding with the
development the lucky finder exposed a
large and well defined vein of ore, and now
the entire locality has been staked out.
MUST WAIT TO BE SHOT.
Muling of a Vancouver Justice in a Trial
for Murder.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.—Accord
ing to the ruling of Justice Drake, no one
is justified in shooting another in British
Columbia until the other has actually
drawn his gun. In a case of murder tried
here the deiense put m was that the dead
man was in the act of drawing his re
volver, having put his hand in bis hip
pocket for that purpose, the quickness of
the man charged being in all probability
the means of saving his own life. Judge
Drake says that such a plea on those
grounds might be recognized on the other
side of the line, but it is not law in this
country to shoot a man because he puts
his hand behind his back.
Acquitted of a Homicide.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.— T. A.
Sheehan, who shot Josh McKenzie in
Steveston last summer in a scuffle because
McKenzie, a desperate character of the
neighborhood, rai.-ed a disturbance at tbe
cabin occupied by Sheehan and precipi
tated a row, was acquitted by a jury to
day at the Vancouver fall ess;ze«. the case
being considered one of justifiable homi
cide. The dispute arose over the fact that
both parties claimed to have rented the
cabin, but Sheehan was in possession.
Fire Year* for a Vancouver Burglar.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Nov. 13.— William
Robertson, one of a gang of burglars who
have been committing most daring rob
beries here of late, wsis to-day sentenced
to five years' imprisonment.
SAN DIEGO SLOOP MASSING
( irrumntinr't Point to the Conclusion
That She Is Lost.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Nov. 13. — Frank
Morrison, owner of the sloop Me:a, one
of the Best fishing-bo.ats sailing out of this
port, left here on Novembers with a man
named Frank Green, lor a day's fishing
near Coronado Islands. None of the many
fishing craft coming and going at this port
has since seen anything of the Meta or
her occupants and along the water front
the sloop is believed to have gone down.
Green was a worthless character and took
a demijohn of liquor along when the
sloop nailed, and tne friends of Morrison
think the men h.Hd trouble between them
selves. Tbe sloop Pauline. Captain Jac.<
Tyrell, just returned from the south, re
por's baying seen the cabin and bowsprit
of_ a small vessel at Descanso, twenty -live
miles south of here, and the wreckage is
believed to be from the Meta. Morrison
had a family in the E ist.
Death of a Placer County Constable.
AUBURN. Cal., Nov. 13.— John E. Dyer,
a constable and Deputy Bheriff residing at
Colfax, died in the Sisters' Hospital at
Sacramento this mnrnin?. Deceased had
lon« been a resident of Placer County and
was a vigilant officer. Among the many
captures he made was that of Seneca
Swalm, the embezzler, who startled San
Francisco society some years ago.
fndearor*r* lttert at Bnn Luii.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., Nov. 13.—
The county convention of Christian Ea
deavorers met here to-day with an atten
dance of 126 delegates. The session will
continue two days.
USAL MURDER
SUSPECTS HELD
John Dodge and His Wife
Are Taken to Ukiah
Prison.
Smith, Noble and Ferguson Are
Exonerated From the Caarge
of Complicity.
DRAFT PAYABLE TO MUDGETT
And Considerab c Money Found Upon
the Accnssd Is Not Satisfactorily
Explained.
CAHTO, Cal., Nov. 13.— At the conclu
sion of tbe preliminary hearing iv the
Mudgett case to-day the accused, John
D6dge and wife, were held to appear be
fore the Superior Court, and the prisoners
were taken separately to the Ukiah jail.
The evidence from the start tend.-d to
show no complicity on the part of Smith,
Noble, Ferguson and the parents of Dodge,
and all were accordingly exonerated.
Smith and Noble are identified ns the
two men upen whom suspicion in the first
instance was directed and for whom the
ofticers made such diligent search.
These men presented themselves at the
hearing voluntarily and were witnesses
for the defense.
The apparent desire of many of the wit
nesses for the pros cuti«n to convict the
accused was a noticeable feature of the
proceedings and showed the pulse ol pub
lic favor was against them. The text of
the testimony, as shown on both sides,
seemed to be of a very flimsy character
and was remarkable for its indefiniteness.
The chief witnesses for the defense, Smith
and Noble, endeavored to account for the
draft payable to Mudgett and found in
Dodge's possession as having been paid to
him for work performed on the murdered
man's ranch.
Tbe handwriting of Mudgett being
strange, there was no positive identified.
tion of it being genuine. The money
found upon the persons of the prisoner
and wife was accounted for by the wife's
declaration that she had earned it in the
capacity of a domestic before she was mar
ried, and that only six months having
elapsed since their marriage she bad not
spent it all. Tbe reasons for their de
parture from the scene of the murder was
unsatisfactorily explained by a statement
from the accused that they were on their
way to visit the Noble iamily when ar
rested.
The witnesses for the prosecution were
all of a decidedly circumstantial nature,
consisting of many foreign facts that were
difficult to sustain as a complete chain of
evidence. The prosecution, however, hold
that the evidence of the larcre amount of
money and tbe Mudgett draft were not
clearly accounted for, and after a careful
review of the evidence the prisoners were
bound over to the higher conrt. The con
clusion of tbe hearing gives entire satis
faction to the citizens of this community.
JAPANESE FUNCTION AT TACOMA
Court Ball and Vtnner in Honor of the
Mikado's Birthdau.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 13.— Imperial
Japanese Consul Mild Saito to-night gave
a grand court ball in celebration of the
Emperor of Japan's forty-fifth birthday.
The function was attended by 400 of the
leading people of Tacoma, Seattle and
Portland. Consul Saito, Imperial German
Consul Hans Giese, British Vice-Consul
J. it. Alexander and J. Tennant Steeb,
Consul at this port of Chile, Peru and
Hawaii, were present in uniforms. The
affair was held in tbe Tacoma Hotel,
which was elaborately decorated with
Japanese and American emblems. After
the ball an elaborate dinner was served.
SANTA BARBARA PROJECT
Capitalitta Going Into Gold Mining on
a ftig Acale.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Nov. 13.— An
important gold mining project, in which
prominent Santa Barbara capitalists are
saM to be interested, has been for a week
Pimples,". CURE IT
Sore Throat. CURE IT
Sore Month. CURE IT
Enlarged Lumps, CURE IT
Falling Hair. • CURE IT
sun Eruptions. _ CURE IT
Glandular Lumps. CURE IT
Partial Loss of Eyebrow. CURE IT
®<SXSXSX§)®<BX£SXsX<X2)®(^
I MEANS BLOOD DISEASE. I
30-DAY CURE IS SURE.
30-DAY CIRCULARS FREE
hudyan ; is the certain
hudyan cure for-
hudyan Failing Manhooj,
: hudyan : i Neryous Debility,
hudyan Bines, Losses,
hudyan ;■; Melancholia and
hudyan : Diseases of Men.
CIRCULARS FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute,
Stockton, Markot and Ellis
" Streets:
■ , coaMOPoiiiT A.3XT.
Opposite U. 8. Mint, 100 and - 103 Birth st! Man
*. rancisco, Cal — The most select famllv hotel In
the city. ■:- Board and room 91, #1 25 and $1 50 Dee
day, according jto room. # Meals 25a > Rooms 50a
and 76c a day. . \ Free coach to and from the aoi«L •
««oit lor th« coaclt ■ bearing the namu of ihu Co*. I
■WBOUum ilowi. ; I Wit HAUM V. Vn»ti*\^'
or two past in progress at the head of the
creek above the Indian Kancberv, back of
Catoedral Oaks, and at tbe foot of ihe San
Marcos stage road. For a year or so past
an old Califorman has been quietly pan
ning out gold in the creek bed from time
to time, realising enough to meet his
modest wants with very light exertion.
The party now in tne field is sinking on a
gold-bearing ledge and rich developments
are expected. T lie field under investiga
tion is out nine miles from Santa Barbara
and on the ocean slope of tha Santa Yuez
range.
m
Fell Dead at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Nov. 13.— John
R. ehellers, a pioneer resident of this city,
fell dead from heart failure on the street
tnis morning. He was a native of Ken
tucKy end an old-time policeman in ihis
city. He had been a sufferer from asthma
and heart trouble for several years.
AN ORIENTAL NIGHT.
The library Association of Central Cali-
fornia JCnjoya Two Papers.
The regular monthly meeting ot the
Library Association of Central California
was held last evening in the Mechanics'
Institute. A good auaience listened at
tentively to the papers, interrupting fre
quently with applause.
The president, J. C. Rowell of the Uni
versity of California, presided, and after a
brief address announced the topic of the
evening, "Libraries and Literature of tbe
Orient," and introduced Professor Jodn
Fryer, who gave a careful account of the
"Libraries and Literature of China."
In introducing the next speaker, Wil
liam Emmett Coleman, member of tne
Oriental Society, etc., President Rowell
paid a graceful tribute to the erudition of
this distinguished Orientalist.
Mr. Coleman gave a summary of Hindu
literature from the earliest Vedic times to
the present, followed by an account of the
libraries of India.
KEW TO-DAT.
IGUREFITS
I When I say I cure I do not mean merely to stop
them fora time and then have them return again. I
mean a radical cure. I have made the disease of
FITS, EPILEPSY or FALLING SICKNESS a life-
long study. I warrant my remedy to care the worst
cases. Because others have failed is no reason for,
not now receiving a cure. Send at once for a treatise '
and a Free Bottle of my infallible remedy. Give Jix-
press and Postofflco address.'
ntII.WJ.PEEKE,F.B.4CtIIatSt.,HewM
THE' PRICE
OP
CROWN FLOUR
HAS THIS DAI BEES ADVI.ICED.
.NOVEMBER 13, 1896. , .
TJIB SU.ND.fIY GALL.
The Great Family Newspaper
of the Pacific Coast
EVERYBODY
WILL BE
SINGING IT.
Words and Music of the '
Latest and Most Catching
of Songs.
1 "TAKE ME TO YOUR HEART, FATHER," i
As Sung with Immense
Success by
— DELLA FOX —
In " FLEUR DE LIS,"
Will be Published in
SUNDAY'S CALL Exclusively
DON'T FAIL TO
GET IT.
A Wealth of Fine Literature
Makes Up a Valuable
Issue.
/ —
"THE CALL" SPEAKS FOR ALL.
rX> .-■ ■-. . . : • '
A THOUGHT j
j THAT KILLED
A MAN!
TIE thought that he could trifle
** with disease. He was run
down in health, felt tired and
worn out, complained of dizzi-
ness, biliousness, backaches
and headaches. His liver and
kidneys were out of order.
He thought to get well by
dosing himself with cheap
I remedies. And then came
j, the ending. He fell a victim
![ to Brlght's disease! The
* money he ought to have In-
-5 vested in a safe, reliable
i remedy went for a tombstone.
is the only standard remedy
in the world for kidney and
liver complaints. It is the
only remedy which physicians
universally prescribe. It is
the only remedy that is back- |
ed by the testimony of thou- 5
sands whom it has relieved |
and cured. '
THERE IS NOTHING ELSE
\ THAT CAN TAKE ITS PLACE
EHjfra DR. MALL'S REIJVIGOSATOR
|k^^»#W Five hundred reward tor any case we
ESS BK cannot cure. THIS SECRET HEM-
SDR. HALL'S losses in 24 hours,
Five hundred reward tor any case we
cannot cure. THId SECBKT KEM-
EuY stops all losses In 24 hours,
KS^i f?SS cures Emissions, linpotency, Varlco-
f+*4 fi«B cele, uonorrhuua. Gleet. Pits, Btrio-
Uatil • LKfi turt-s. Blood Disease and all wasting
B^p KXt effects of -elf- Abuse or Kxce3-»e*.
ESISSfV^Sa Sent sealed. $2 per bottle, THRtia
BOTTLES, $5: guaranteed to cure any case.
DX. HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
855 Broadway. Oakland. Cat.
All private diseases quietly cured. bend for
' free book.
POh'chct English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
_4£~-V Original snd Only Genuine A
rf-^/lfKOv ••re, alwaji reliable. l«dies uk A\ '
f-j)\ V*v*M DruffUt for OiichctCtr Bnglii\ ZHai^A
L^tjg^B^mond Brtmd Id Ked mad (-old mculllo\\gjr
~» itilftl with bine iibl»Q. Take \jF
1M SS^ vWJnootner. Kefutt dangtrrouM ru&jtifv V
r/~ fjf ttitru and imitation*. At Drugging, or Mod 4«>
I S» /A la itamp* for r>artict»!arn, lotimenlila »nil
\V* 99 " Relief for ladle.," in UUtr, bj rrtnrm
-X If afalL 10,000 Te.timoni»ti. Sam* Paper. .
. 7 — ' "f Ob !chc«t«..- Ckcatleal Co.,Uadl»on
laid to ali Druuiau. - . I'hUmd^. Pm
Weak Men and Women
SHOTTLO USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican Remedy: gives Health and
Btrenjcth to the Sexual Orzans.WHAT`S IN THE
NAME OF THE SHIP?
Four "Oregons" Are Now
in the Port of San
Francisco.
• The Battle-Ship, a SteaM?r and
A^o a Bark and Small
Sloop.
• STEAMER POMONA PUT BACK
. ' She L?nled a Stnwawiy at Meiggs
Wharf After Considerable
Trcublf.
Four different types of vessels, all (
named Oregon, are now in port. Three of
• them are at anchor off S^usalito and the
fourth is tied up at Fremont Btreet. Off i
Saus-alito is the sloop Oregon, the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company's
"steamer Oresron nnd the United States
battle-ship Oregon. At Fremont-street
wharf is the old bark Oregon, built in
Bath, Me., in 1875. She has a cargo of
coal aboard and is still as stout and good
. a ship as tbe day she was launched.
The accompanying sketch was made
when the bark was passing in after a smart
• run fr ni Nnnaimo, B. C, of seven days.
She brought coal for John Robenfeld'sSons,
«'. and Captain Parker dispensed with ttie
n id of a tug and sailed in. As she passed
the other three Oregons the old-timer
presented a pretty picture.
The men on shore leave on the battle
ship make thintis lively in Sau^alito.
Every day the boats are kept going in I
order to land the men who have been
granted liberty by the captain. Latter. y
the battle-sir. p has had steam up, and
sailing orders are expected at any time.
Theiunboat Bennington also got steam
vu I,'1 ,' yesteroay afternoon, and now all the
warships are ready ior action. The battle
ship will probably sail on a cruise, the
bark Oregon will return to the Sound for j
i.noihe- lead of coal, the steamer Oregon
will pro I ably not come out of retiienient
for six months and the sloop Oregon will I
not go into commission again until next
. spring. •
The British tramp steamer Grenada
played in hard luck during her last voy
* ate. While lying in Puget Sound
George W. McNear chartered her to carry
mi. eat to Europe at £16s3d per ton, the
i harter r.ariy to expire October 31. Cap
.i ii Ko.ff thought he would make ex-
Ven*e3 by bringing a load of coal to San
• . ivancisco. He was delayed at the
bunker- and the vessel only got in yester
day. Fr.inhts in the meantime have
fallen to £1 Is 3.1. owing to the influx of
vessels, and McNear refuses to load the
. vessel. Captain Korff does not know what
to do in the circumstances, and the
-chances are that the Grenada will be laid
up again.
There is to be an exhibition night at the
Reliance Athletic Club next Tuesday
night, and the water front is very much
e'icited over the outcome of at least one of
the events. Everybody from the Mail
" dock to Meiggs wharf knows "Charley"
.<■ athcart, and be is to meet "Jimmy"
* Fox, the champion amateur of the Pacific
Coast, in a four-round contest. The men
have met before, and as there is an old
time grudge behind ttie affair the fighting
is sure to be fast and furious.
"Teddy" O>borne, late of London and
*' now of the Ferry lunchrooms, is training
Cathcart, and every day about 2 p. m. they
can be seen doing a little manual exercise
in tne gymnasium in the harbor police-
Btation. If all ttie events on the club's
. programme are as interesting as the go
between Cathcart and Fox promises to be
* the entertainment should be a great
. Burcoss.
The schooner Scray docked at Berry
street yesterday. After discharging her
load of lumber she will go to the Fulton
Iron Works and be ntted out with engines
f r the Inter-Island Steam Navigation
Company. She is not as large a vessel as
. the James Spear vow being completed, but
nevertheless she will be a commodious
little vessel. The Spear is now almost
ready and the chances are that she will
sail for Honolulu in a few days.
T;ie American ship Shenandoah will
t.-ike out another batch of apprentices.
Lust time she was nere Captain Murphy
th.pped halfa dozen, and they did so well
that he has resolved to try ttie experi
ment aeain. Of the young men he took
•away as apprentices one is now chief of
ficer o- the fct. Paul, another is master of a
. lake steamer and three others are officers
on sailing ships. Only onv went back to
the l.fe of a landlubber, and ne is now
C' shier in his father's warehouse.
• At the present time Captain Murphy
ha- o:i board "Gus" Wilson, ?-oii <jf one of
the New Orleans pilot*; Harry Stevenson,
. son of the New York car-builder, Peter
• iiug!.soi San Francisco nnd Harry Lum,
who came here on tiie ship Centennial to
join the Shenandonh. Two other boys will
oe shipped here, and then the big vessel
will have ber full complement.
To-d:'ty the ShiMiandoah goes to Port
Costa to load. George W. McNear and
his wife and a pariy ol about filty friends
will go up on her. A string band will
'accompany them, and a good time is
.a.'sur^d. On the run up the tay refresh
ments will be served, and at Port Costa a
• dance in one of the grainshe Is i, in order.
The party will return to San Francisco on
Sunday morning.
Captain Murphy of the George Stetson
s a bro'herof the master of the Hi enan
doah. Since tbe latter has made such a
• succes- wih his apprent ces the former is
d> termined to try the experiment. He is
now shipping youngsters who want to
Jearn navigation, and will take out at least
four appren ices when hi^ vessel sails.
Th bark Nicnolas Tnayer had to send
one of the crew to the French Hospital
yesterday on her arrival. On the way up
• the coast Henry Leipig fell from the main
• t"p«;aii yard and injured his dip. The
injury is not serious, and Leipig will be
about in a week or so.
The tram i) steamer Ettrickdale docked
at Lomi aid-street wharf yesterday and
will at once begin discharging a large
: general cargo from Yokchama. There
was some talk along ihe front to tbe
effect that she was to lay a cable between
here and Honolulu as soon as she was
discharged. Goodall, Perkins & Co. have
.heard nothing about the matter and say
that had a cable been made in the East of
".such magnitude as would be required to
stretch between California and Hawaii
. the papers would have been fall of the
■news. Captain Miner Goodall says the
Kttrickdale is unchartered at pres-nt.
The Pomona, outbound for Eureka, put
back yesterday afternoon. When off
Biack Point the purser found a stowaway
•abonrd and at once notified the captain.
The steamer was put about and when off
.Meiggs wharf the stowaway and his bag
and baggasre were put ashore.
The D. H. B bb company (late Golden
(iate Lumber Company) is having trouble
1 with the longshoremen. The wages used to
• «c $3 aday. but when the Bibbs bought out
V t! e Golden Gate they cut the rate to $2 a
Joay. Since then they have been employ
. ing non-union labor and in consequence
the Sadie was eight days in discharging.
On tne other hand t c James A. Garfield
at the «ame section of the seawall was dis
charged in three and a half days. From
The Battle-Ship Oregon, the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company's Steamer Oregon and the Sloop Oregon Are All Shown at Anchor Off Sausalito, While the
Bark Oregon Is Shown Sailing In From Nanaimo, B. G, "With a Cargo of Coal. The View Is From the Sausalito Side of the Bay.
that showing it looks as though it would
be much cheaper to hire union men at the
full rates.
The following notice to mariners has
been issued by the Hvdrographic Ottice:
California, Humboldt Bay entrance, buoy
marking destroyed portion ol south jetty —
Owing to the destruction of about 500 feet of
the south jetty at the entrance to Humboldt
Bay a second-class nun buoy, painted red, has
b>en placed in twenty-three feet of water
about 1000 feet north 44 degrees west true
(N\V. by W. W. magnetic), from the end of
th«* trestle- work as It now > lands. From the
buoy Humboldt old tower bears north 63 de
grees east true (ME. magnetic).
This buoy must be kept on the starboard
hand by all vessels entering HumLoldt Bay.
A NATIONAL "SCOOP."
How II Seoolo Got Ahead ou the Presi
dential Election.
Ettorc Patnzi, one of the editors of
I'ltalia, was a short time ago appointed
Correspondent for this country of the
Secolo, which is in many respects the
leading newspaper in Italy. It is with
| satisfaction that Mr. Patrizi's San Fran
cisco friend* now learn that owing to a
"special" sent on election day the Secolo
"scoopea" its contemporaries on the elec
tion of McKinley.
The deep st interest was taken in the
election in Italy, and a strong desire was
manifested to see McKinley returned to
the White House. Commenting on the
result editorially I'Opinione of Rome says :
"The election ot McK'.nley is the triumph
i of good sense and national honesty," and
ritalia'oi Rome remarks: "Tbe cry of
Viva, McKinley!' should be uttered not
only in the United States but over all the
civilized world. 1 '
l'llalia of San Francisco has always Oeen i
one of the stancht-st champions of Me- '
Kinlej'. Just before the election the
paper was increased from four to eiphi I
(pages, and it is now one of the best made j
up as well as one of the must newsy and j
attractive journals in the City.
EMERGENCY HOME ALSO.
Mrs. John Pe.tee Desires to Es
tablish the Institu
t on.
New St' ps Being Tak^n to Bring Into
Existence tbe Proposed Emer
gency Hosp tal.
Mrs. John Pettee, who is working day
and night to raise the necessary money to
bring into existence an emergency hospi
tal and home in this City, will to-day de
posit in the Safe Deposit vaults the f ands
already accumulated. Mrs. Pettee dip
lomatically declined yesterday to say
what the amount already realiz- d is. She,
however, vigorously indicated that there
is much more hard work to. be done and
much more money must be had before the
charitable enterprise for which she has
ytood as sponsor can become an estab
lished fact. There will soon be another
entertainment, some time during the
present month, to raise funds for the
charity.
WhilfiMrs. Pettee was at the office of the
bociety for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Children yesterday conferring, a woman
with three liitle children came in and
furnished an illustratinn. 4 The woman
is Marj* Julian, who lives at 9^ Houston
street and who has four chiidren. She is
about to be turned into the street because
is unable to pay her rent, which is
some months <verdue. Her Husband de
serted her some time ago, and since then,
with four little ones, tbe oldest being
under 6 years of ace and two being twins,
she has struggled vainly to support iier
self.
Her problem was what to do with her four
chiidren, the youngest being a baby of
18 months. Tnere was no place to which
they were entitled by right to go. She
could remain in her present lodgings only
two or three days more at the most. The
mother cried and the children wailed and
enlisted the sympathy of all who were
present. The Society lor the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children had no place to
which they could be sent. An appeal was
made to Secretary Kane of the Pjcific So
ciety, who, with officers of the Society fur
the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, late
Yesterday was interesting himself in their
behalf.
Mrs. Pettee said that she saw in this case
alone the need of the proposed Emergency
Home in connection with tiie Emergency
Hospital. There are many cases of a sim
ilar sort of which the proper authorities
learn.
OTIS EXONERATED.
Judge Belcher In*trucred a Jury to
Acquit Him of Embezzlement.
Mrs. Annie McManus tried to create a
scene in Juiige Belcher's court yesterday
during tbe trial of Stephen Otis, charged
with embezzlement, but she was finally
suppressed and the bus ness of the court
was allowed to proceed in an orderly
manner.
Mr. Otis, who is a stockbroker, was ar
rested on the complaint of Mrs. McManus,
who declared that he had defrauded her of
mining stocks worth $1478. At the pre
liminary examination the committing
magistrate expressed doubt in regard to
the sufficiency of the proof, but Mr-. Mc-
Manus was so fluent of speech in recount
ing her alleged wrongs that she appeared
to overawe the court and the defendant
was neM for trial.
Alter hearing the testimony yesterday
Judge Belcher said it was c:ear that there
was no case against the accused, and in
structed the jury to acquit, which they
immediately did.
it was at this point that Mrs. McManus
sought to interrupt the proceedings. She
talked so rapidly that Official Stenog
rapher Maginis broke his pencil trying to
get every other word, but Bailiff Sullivan
finally stopped the flow of words, and tbe
defendant was declared to be exonerated
aud was discharged from custody.
After adjournment of court Mrs. Mc-
Manus denounced the court, the lawyers
and everybody connected with the case,
declaring that they were all in a conspir
acy to fleece her of ber property.
Odd Fellows' Hall, Sunday nizht. Admission
free. An address on "Our Lord's Coming." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
NEW PUN TO GET
THE NEW CHARTER
Committee of One Hundred
to Prepare Its Pro
visions.
No Further Effort Will Now Be
Made for a Special
Election.
CHARTER ASSOCIATION ACTS.
J mes D Phelan Will N me the Com
mittee and Act as the Per man. Nt
Chairman.
The Citizens' Charter Association last
evening adopted a series of resolutions at
a largely attended meeting in the hall of
the Academy of Siuences, the most im
unrtant of which provided that Mayor
elect Phelan. who acted as the chairman
of the meeting, should be requested to ap
point a- committee of 100 citizens, to repre
sent all interests in the community, in
the formulation of principles upon which
to build a new charter for San Francisco.
If the committee could not agree upon all
the fundamental propositions they should
prepare alternative propositions for sub
mission to the people.
Also, when the work of formulating the
principles of a charter should be suffi
ciently advanced the committee should
take the necessary steps fox the nomina
tion and election of a board of fifteen
Freeholders.
Mr. Phelan was named as the perma
nent chairman of tbe committee of one
hur.dred.
There was much discussion over a prop
osition ma.;e by A. P. Van Duzer to have
the committee of one hundred instructed
to make recommendations to the Legisla
ture at the next session for tbe amend
ment of the consolidation act for the pur
pose of strengthening the hands of the
incoming Mayor, but this was voted down.
Mr. Puelan spoke at some length, intro
ducing the business of the evening.
He said he was gratified at tbe unusu
ally large attendance, which indicated
that the people had not lost interest in the
proposition to have a new charter. He
supposed that many voters had over
looked the charter which was before tbe
public for adoption at the recent election.
He was forced to that conclusion by the
fact that only about half of the voters
cast their ballots either for or against it.
Tbe position which the measure had upon
the bal'ot was probably a disadvantage.
But for the mistake of placing it at the
head, before the candidates, it probably
would have been adopted.
The campaign of education in the char
ter matter had resulted in good, because
the attention of the public had been called
to the necessity for having a good munic
ipal government, which was, perhaps, as
important to the City as a good National
Government. The ground has been cleared
for charter-making by tbe amendment ol
the constitution brought about at the re
cent election. He did not think that, even
if the Board of E ection Commissioners
wf re entirely in favor of calling a special
election at th s time, it would be possible
to accomplish anything satisfactory in the
time intervening before the adjournment
of the Legislature. Tnere was not much
chance that a charter could be adopted
much before July, 1899. He concluded by
saying that with wtiat remained of the
consolidation act to work under he would
do what he could for tbe good government
of t c City and County.
Reports were then received from th«
executive committee and :rom the joint
committee on watching the count. The
executive committee recapitulate i ihe
facts concerning the vote for ihe charter.
A part of their report was as follows:
Whatever may be the reasons, we must con
fess that it is a sad commentary upon the
average intelligence ol this communl y that
hall of its citiz -ns went to the poll- aud rekis
ti-red their votes upon innumerable officials
if hign and low degree, and yet lalled tore
cord their convictions udoh a fundamental
law tnttt might govern their City for pernaps
half a century.
The committee on watching the count
had this to report:
From reports received from Doth Captain
Morse ana our men we believe nothing more
serious than a few drunken quarrels and
trivial mistakes resulting from incouipetency
occurred in any of the booths. Notwithstnnd
ing the instructions of the Election Commis
sioners the "kitty" was iv evidence in many
E laces, and this, coupled witn' the lact that
roker. discounted the warrants of the officers
before the count was completed, was ihe < ause
of lhe drunkenness that prevailed, but which
hardly affected the general good work in most
of the precincts.
The finance committee reported that
tbe receipts were $6950, of which $5950
was contributed by citizens, $500 by the
Citizens' Non-Partisan committee and
$500 by tne Democratic State Central
Committee, and as the expenses were
$6781 78 there was a small balance on
hand after paying all expenses.
Messrs. Chase, Scott and Reynolds were
admitted as members of ihe Municipal
R form League.
Wiillam F. Dohrmann then spoke. He
saia that while only 25,000 citizens voted
for the charter, all good citizens would
help to support the hands of tne Mayor
elect in good government This had been
gained— that a man had been elected
Mayor in whom the people had confi
dence, an<i the City could not fail to make
progress. If any officers who had been
elected did not intend io serve the public
fait fui y it was a good time for them to
take warning. The time for boodling in
San Francisco had passed. He offered the
following for adoption:
Whereas, It is fully acknowledged that tbe
pre.-eiu system ol government in the City of
San irancisco is obsolete, defected and ua
suited to the requirements of a progressive I
city; and whereas, it is conceded that all citi
zens hnving at heart the welfare of San Fran
cisco are in iavor of a new organic law for
this metropolis; and whereas, the experience
of the recent charter campaign has shown
the necessity of further discussion and en
lightenment upon the fundamental principles
of municipal government; ami whereas, it is
highly important and desirable mat the repre
sentatives ol all interests in the community
should take part in discussing and formulat
ing the principles upon which nnother ne*
charter shall be framed ; therefore, be it
Reso ved, That the delegßtes to the Charter
Association nud other citizens now assembled
request the president, of this meeting, the
Mayor-elect of San Francisco, to select and ap
point 100 citizens of this City to prepare a
new charter for San Francisco.
Resolved, Tha the president of this meeting
shall be the permanent chairman of this com
mittee, the members of which shall be spe
cially chosen so as to represent all classes in
the community, including those who sincerely
opposed as well as favored the recently pro
posed charter, the only condition being that
they shal. be in favor of civil service, munici
pal home rule and economical administration
in the government of San Francisco.
Resolved, That in case this committee of one
hundred citizens cannot fina.ly agree upon all
the fundamental principles of a new charter
for Ban Francisco alternate propositions upon
disputed points shall be prepared by them for
submission to the vote of the people.
£aolved. That when the work of formulat
ing tne principles of a new charter is suffi
ciently advanced they shall take the necessary
steps for the nomination and election of fifteen
Freeholders, in accordance with the constitu
tion of California, to legally draft a charter
upon the principles thus agreed upon, so as to
secure at the earliest possible moment the
ratification by the people of the charter thus
prepared and its jubsequeut approval by the
Legislature of the State.
After the resolutions had been read Mr.
Dohrmann spoke in support or tnem. He
said he believed they wonld open up the
subject ot charter making at least. Those
who favored good government would work
for a new charter and those who opposed
good government wonld work against a
new charter. In such a contest there
conld be no doubt as to who would win.
M. A. Rothchild moved the adoption
of the resolution?.
A. Thompson spoke in favor of the mo
tion. The plan proposed was in the direc
tion of popular government.
Mr. Phelan said that rather than in
terfere with Mr. Dohrmann's plan he
would accept theduties imposed upon nim
in the reso.ution, if the meeting so voted,
but he would suggest that a committee
of three could better select the proposed
committee of one hundred.
Rev. Dr. Scott said he favored the
if he could be assured that all classes of
citizens would have a fair show on the
committee. He believed that Mr. Phelan
could be relied upon to make the com
mittee fairly and fully representative.
A. P. Van Duzer moved to consider the
resolutions separately. This motion was
lost. M. A. Rothchild favored the resolu
tions.
Mr. Van Duzer moved the adoption of
the following, which was seconded by I.
J. Truman:
Resolved, That the committee of one hun
dred shall have the power to recommend to
the Legislature such legislation as will
strengthen the hands of the Mayor in the In
terest of better government.
Mr. Dohrmann opposed this on the
ground that this would pledge the mem
bers of the committee, some of whom are
opposed to giving the Mayor more power,
to ask fe Legislature to increase his
power. Moreover, the committee would
have all it could do to prepare a charter.
A long discussion followed, which re
sulted finally in tbe adoption of the reso
lutions submitted by Mr. Dohrmann and
the rejection of Mr. Van Duzer'a proposed
amendment.
On motion of E. A. Denicke the follow
ing committee was appointed to make
recommendations to the Legislature con
cerning thfi amendment of thi consolida
tion act: Dr. Taylor, A. Thompson. A. P.
Van Duzer, Henry N. Ciement and Mr.
Gooch.
Tbe meeting adjourned, subject to tbe
call of the chair.
PREPARING TO CONTEST.
Superintendent Ashworth Deter
mined Not to Give Up
His Ofice.
Supervisors Not Yet Prepared — A
Fight in the Twnty.Third Sena
• torial District Certain.
Those among the members of tbe
present Board of Supervisors who are pre
paring to resist the efforts of the newly
elected board to take possession nave not
been able to get a full meeting as yet, but
all concerned appear to be willing to go
into the tight and a contest is certain to
take lilac.
SiJDervlsor Dimond said yesterday that
he had not been asked to sign '.he agree
ment to which others have affixed their
signatures pledging themselves to contest,
but had heard of the matter. He would
not say that he was not willing to go in.
"It will depend on circumstances," he
said, "but I certainly think that we have
as much right to hold over as some others
who are said to be preparing for war when
the newly elected officers demand their
key?."
The "circumstances" mentioned prob
ably refer to the action which Superin
tendent of Streets Asb worth is prep-.mng
to take regarding his office. He has been
advised thai his contention that be is a
county as well as a city official and en
titled to hold for four years is not tenable,
but it is known that he has consulted
with a prominent attorney and has in
structed to prepare papers for mandamus
proceeding?, provided any good grounds
for a legal fight can be found.
The result of the official count in the
Thirty-n:nth Assembly District, which
was finished yesterday, makes it certain
that there will be a contest, if not a re
count, in the Twenty-third Senatorial
District.
Those wno kept a snap tally in the in
terest of Tyrrell and Wi'lch, the defeated
candidates, declared that Tyrrell was
beaten by but ten votes instead of twenty,
as sbown by the unofficia count, while
Welch is only twenty votes behind
Tyrrell. This is cons dered too close to
Dass without some kind of a battle.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
JUDGE WALLACE'S
SCORCHING WORDS
Mrs. Susie Martin Declared
to Be a Murderer if
Not Insane.
The Young Husband-Killer May
Yet Be Consigned to an
Asylum.
IS TIRED OF FARCICAL TRIALS.
One Court in Which It Is Not Con
sidered Exactly Polite for a Woman
to S; oot a Man.
Mrs. Susie B. Martin had an unpleasant
s.urprise in Judge Wallace's department
of the Superior Court yesterday morning,
for she expected to be set free, but instead
she was remanded to the custody of the
Sheriff with a prospect of commitment
to the State Insane Asylum as one of the
unpleasant contingencies of the near fu
ture.
Mrs. Martin was on Thursday acquitted
of a charge of murder by a jury in Judge
Wa lace's court, the verdict being in these
words:
! WE FIND THE DEFENDANT :
• NOT UTJIL.TY. j
• BY REASON OF HER •
*<* : INSANITY. •
It was admitted at the trial and in the
argument of counsel that Mrs. Martin
shot and killed her husband, John F.
Martin, several months ago while he was
talking with her in the Larkin-street cor
ridor of the new City Hall. ;
' The proof showed that Martin used
grossly insulting language to Jtiis wife in
the presence of straneers immediately be
fore the shooting, but this fact was not set
up as justification, the Supreme Court of
this State having decided, Judge Wallace
instructed the jury, that no words, how
ever grievous, shall be deemed a justifica
tion for even reducing | the verdict of a
jury from murder In the first degree when
the* killing is proved. .The defense, there
fore, was based entirely, on the theory that
the woman was insane when she fired the
fatal shot. <
Some testimony was presented to sub
stantiate this view, and it was accepted
by the jury, as shown by the verdict.
After tbe recording of the verdict and
the dismissal of the jury Judge Wallace
remandei tne defendant to the custody of
t: c Sheriff, ordering that she appear for
such further consideration of her case as
might seem proper under the provisions of
section 1167 of the Penal Code.
At the opening of court yesterday morn
ing Attorney Carroll Cook, representing
Mrs. Martin, arose and drew the attention
of the court to the fact that the prisoner
was present, and asked that she be dis
missed from cusiodv. He produced a cer
tificate from Dr. O'Brien, City Physician,
to the effect that Mrs. Martin is of sound
mind at ihe present time.
It was then that the unexpected hap
pened, for a eeneral impression had gone
abroad that Mrs. Martin would at once be
permitted to walk from the courtroom a
free woman. It at once became apparent
that Judge Wallace had no intention of
countenancing such a practice.
The Judge said that, according to his
understanding, if a defendant is acquitted
on the ground of insanity an exami
nation of the defendant ought to be had
before a jury to determine whether sucti
insanity is continuous and to ascertain
wi. ether the defendant is entitled to be
discharged.
Section 1167 of tbe Penal Code was then
read, as lollows:
If the jury render a verdict of acquittal on
the ground of insanity, me court may order a
jury 10 be summoned irom the jury list of the
county to inquire whether the defendant con
tinues to be insane. The court ma. cause the
same witnesses to be summoned who testified
ou the trial, and other witnesses, and direct
the Disir.ct Attorney to conduct ihe proceed
ings, a id counsel may app-ar for the defend
ant. The court may direct the Sheriff to take
the defendant and retain h.m in custody until
tne question of continuing insanity is de
termined. If the jury flud the d fenu.-mt
insane, he shall be committed by the bhenff to
the Stale Inane Asylum. If the jury find the
defendant sane, he shall be discharged.
Continuing in his remarks. Judge Wal
lace, with much earnestness, expressed his
opinion on tbe present pha;-e of the case.
"So far as I am concerned," said his
Honor, "I would like to have this matter
put in a proper light. Here is a person
who takes the life of another under such
circumstances that it is simple murder,
and the only defense is t at she is insane;
and the jury has listened to it. Now. if
she is insane, such a person as that ought
not to be at large; or if this is a mere
faree — if it has come to this that any
woman may take a pistol and shoot a man
down, and because she is a woman set up
a plea of insanity aud be acquitted — why,
let us know that.
"I am tir*d of sitting simply as a part of
a larc when the result can he told before
hand.
"People are brought here as witnesses
and jurors, and all the expenses of a pre
tended trial are incurred, ana it is no t.ial
at all
"Now, if this woman is not insane she
should have been convicted. If she is in
sane she should go to tbe asylum, for she
nngh shoot somebody else.
• 4 I propose to hold her for regular pro
ceedings, and I want those witnesses
brought here, and such other witnesses as
may be necessary. I shall instruct the
District Attorney to proceed under secion
1167 of the Penal Code, and the Sheriff is
directed to take the deiendant into cus
tody until the question of her insanity is
settled."
Attorney Coolc was too much surprised
to make vigorous objection, but he at last
suggested that ho did not recall any testi
mony that would go to show the present
insanity of Mrs. Martin, and he did not
understand such proceedings to be neces
sary in the absence of anything to indi
cate continuing aberration on the part of <
the defendant.
Judge Wallace said he recalled some
testimony regarding the prisoner's acts
that tended to show aberration, such as
the wringing of her hands, hysteria, etc.-
At any rate he deemed it a matter to be
passed on by a jury in the regular way.
During the delivery of the court's opinion
Mrs. Martin evinced a lively interest in
tbe proceedings, the color in her face
coming and going as she began to com
prehend the possibility of a term of con
finement in a madhouse. It was apparent
from her manner that whatever may have
been her mental condition at the time she
killed her husband, she has at the present
time a clear understanding of the new
danger which apparently confronts her.
That it is only apparent, however, her
friends and herself with good cause be
lieve. Since her acquittal on Thursday
Mrs. Martin has regained much of her
normal mental condition, and it will no
doubt be an easy task for the jury to ascer
tain her complete restoration to sanity by
next Tuesday.
After consultation between the attorneys
it was agreed that the venire for the jury
should be made returnable for next Tues
day morning, at which time the question
of Mrs. Martin's sanity or insanity will be
decided. Mr. Cook asked that the pris
oner be admitted to bail, but this was re
fused by Judge Wallace.
District Attorney Barnes informed a
Call reporter that he will be present at
tiie lime appointed with proper witnesses
to make a thorough examination into the
matter presented under Judge Wallace's
ruling.
AT THE DANCING CLASS
Second Successful Meeting ol
the Friday Fort
nightlies.
The Robinson Dinner Postponed on
Account of the Serious Illness
of Miss Robinson.
The fashionable and popular dancing
class, the Friday Fortnightly, held its
I second meeting of this season at Lunt's
Hall last evening. The meetings of the
| Fortnightly have come to be the most
: joyfully anticipated of all the swell func
tions, and invitations for the affairs are
eagerly solicited.
The simplicity, early hours and pleasant
informality that marked the first meeting
were not wanting at the dance of last
eveniug.
Two charming debutantes — Miss Helen
Hopkins and Miss Caro Crockett— were
added to the already large dancing list.
Milton Latham and Robert Eyre led the
cotillon and in the first set were: Miss
i Salisbury, Miss Hopkins, Miss XJrockett,
! Miss Susie Blandiug, Miss Jessie Hobart,
j Miss Kip, Miss Mary Belle Gwin, Miss
Ethel Tompkins, Miss Genevieve Goad,
Miss JulietteWilliams, Edwtrd Houghton,
Josei h King, Reuick Duperu, Gerald
Rathbone, John Platt, Lieutenant Nolan,
Addison Mizner, Allen Wright, Danforth
Board man and Lawrence Van Winkle.
Previous to the dance Frank B. King
gave a dinner at the home of his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. Homer King. Covers were
laid for twelve at a table prettily decorated
with pink roses. After* the dinner host
and guests went to the dance at Lunt's
Hall.-
The invitations that were sent out for
the dinner at the University Club, which
was to have been given by Mrs. James
Robinson, complimentary to her daugh
ter, Miss Elena Robinson, had to be re
called on account of the serious illness of
Miss Robinson. Miss Robinson is at ber
home at Clay and Buchanan streets suffer
ing from an attack of typhoid lever.
Lace Curtains on fire.
The alarm from box 384 at 6:05 o'clock last
night was for a fire at 424 a Page street. A
pair of lace curtains were destroyed.
' HEW- TO-DAT. •
ELECTRIC
mjM BELTS
$2.50 10 $25.
The Belt that others charge you $40 for
we guarantee to furnish for $25. ■ ■•;
GALVANIC OR FARADIC BATTERIES,
$4.00 t0_525.00.
ELASTIC STOCKINGS. . . . $2.50
TRUSSES ............. $1.50
We have an ' immense stock of Trusses
and guarantee a perfect tit.
Scott's Catarrh Cure
-• 6 months' jtreaiment, ©Q 50
Call for free trial. ! <^D._
•C Ao/ SAVED on the price of prescrip
O\J , 'O tions, as we : pay . no percentages
to Physicians.
NO-PERCENTAGE PHARMACY
©53 3Vlarls.ot Street, -
.;;::. .-.■'; South side, bet. Fifth and Sixth. •;■:";..
& . 8 patentsl J
;■: >*Sf22o MARKET. SXS^NSSif"
NEW TO-DAT. .
MARCfIiM THROUGH GEORGIA
Interesting ; Experiment in Practical
Soldiering by the Macon Militia.
SOMETHING TO SUPERSEDE THH
-.'HOT-HOUSE STYLIi OF MILI-
TARY EDUCATION.
No doubt militia training in most States
might be improved, and Captains J. E. P.
Stevens and P. G. K. Bell, respectively of
the Macon Hussars and the Macon Light
Infantry, have a simple and practical
scheme for doing it. Togo by boat or
train to a summer camp and enjoy a jolly
junket or picnic for a few weeks is not, in
the opinion of these officers, the way to
manufacture the hard, tough kind of sol-
diers wanted in actual campaigning.
Hence the recent trials at Griffin, 1 Ga.
Two companies were marched over rough,
hilly country, under a hot Southern sun,
to camp as they might in war time.
They were the average, lot of city men —
from banks, .l.i w offices, stores, shops,
etc. — the same as comi the majority of
the volunteer companies of the country at
large.
In his report of the . march Dr. H. J.
"Williams, the regimental surgeon, says:
"1 cannot but express my enthusiasm,
over the success of the expedition. At
first I feared the men would not be able
to withstand the hardships of such a
march in the hot month of June, but
Captains BU and Stevens had studied the
subject and thought differently. Of the
titty-three men — merchants, clerks,! stu-
dents, etc.— four were young men whose
occupations seemingly unfitted them for
t the effort, but they actually came into
camp in better condition than those .who
came by rail. While there were cases of
illness in camp among those who came by
rail there was not a case among those who
marched. The distance covered waa
about fifty-four miles.
"There is one point of a purely medical
character on which I wish to comment,
namely, the use of Vino Kolafra (prepared
by the Brunswick l*harmacal Co., 92 Wil-
liam street. New York), which had been
furnished to the companies and was em-
ployed during the march. After march-
ing two hours the men were halted and
two ounces of Vino Kolafra ministered
to each man. Then the march was re-
sumed.
"In a few moments all sense of fatigue
and discomfort passed away, the step was
brisk and the men full of life. The circu-
lation quieted down and the respiration
became steady.',' >
This preparation bad been tested by
I Captains Stevens and Bell for severai
weeks prior to the march, in order to
satisfy themselves that it had no deleteri-
ous .or reactive , effect. Captain Stevens
says: ''In the recent practice "march by
my company, the Macon Light infantry,
and the Macon Hussars, both of the
Georgia Volunteers, Vino Kolafra was
used: with very beneficial results. The -
men were clerks, etc., not possessing ; the
stamina to stand much fatigue, yet; thanks
to Vino Kolafra, the march was accom-
plished with very: little discomfort or
weariness. I feel assured that by its use
the intense exhaustion so often following
such labor will be entirely done away
with." =-.•■?;. ;
Captain Bell gives the same account of
the marc and remarks that no reaction
whatever could ; be perceived from the use
of Vino Kolafra.
: The above facts suggest that physicians
might, with the aid of Vino Kolafr:i, place
under marching orders all that class of
persons who suffer from lack of exercise —
who are too fat or too weak to get the good
out of active muscles. : The wholesome
stimulus of Vino Kolafra would put these
folk in motion and show what an excellent
thing is life on legs. The medical journals
recommend it for nervous," fidcety people,
and all who suffer from irregular heart or
disordered nerves. It is the tonic par ex-
cellence in convalescence.
When Others Fail Consult '
DOCTOR SWEANY.
UUU I UII U6l tflilli B
. A Physician whose reputa ion Is established
by len rears of successful practice In this city.
.737 Market at., opp. Examiner Office.
NERVOUS DEBILITY and all
ot its a: tending ailments, both ot YO ONG,
MIDDLE-AGED and OLD MEN. Indis-
cretions of Youth, Excesses? of. Mature
Years, causing drains which sap the vital-
ity, night losses, failing strength, aching
back, diseased kidneys, inflamed glands,
varicocele, ; nydrocele, dizziness of the
head, gloominess and despondency, poor
memory and a wanderine mind. -
HEART, BRAIN, NERTES-
Palpitations -. of ; the heart, difficult,
breathing, .suffocating feeling, fullness
of head, fear of impending danger or
death, a dread of being alone. You have
no time to lose. .
BLOOD ana DISEASES
—ALL BLOOD TAINT from any causa
whatever, i Eczema, etc. ■"• ..
BLADDER — Irritability, Cystitis,
Strn ture, etc. ■ • , . -
EYE, EAR, NOSE, THROAT
scientifically treated and prompt : v cured.
DISEASES OF WOMEN— AII
of their many ailments cured.
WRITE if away from city. Book,
••Guide to Health," a treatise on all tha
organs and their diseases, free on applica-
tion. Call.or address
2 DOCTOR SWEATY,
737 Market Street. San Francisco, CCalf. f
Opposite Examiner Office.
N*i jjaHr JK Cy £#-
tiMNYSf
I a THE VERY BEST I NX TO EXAMISB
your eyes and at them to Spectacles and ■ £ye>
glasses with instruments of his own Invention,
1 whose superiority has not been equaled. ~ 11» aao»
cess has been doe to the merits of i»y work. ■ ■
Otflca Hours— l 2 to I r. v. -■ , ■ -, ... ;
j '
EXiECTRIO BEXiTS
' - , : v,, , ii'it < Are good things if . prop-
■,A'i,'» '-^•■a-^; '■->'} /<, erly made: but "„ there Is
l^CS^Wllv^l*^^ n0 sense in paving ahi~h'
£-&z&^b£<*Q±vM price lor a poor arclclu
SSJf {?-•"' ' ' ■•• '^■^riX^i simpl. because some ad-
Bfefr-a-4'''iL'.-^— -gs^H vertislng "quack" de-
HHgajjr^KTiWy^ mari'ls it. x.uy no Belt
«\^^«y^i^^S,-«- . till you see I*. Pierces.
'Wi/i<s r -Y?t>'ti'-' v v Kg" Book Free. Call ot •
" {'■ *'<%&£■' address JL> 1 :.P,1j: OK
■~X- > & S>N, 704 Sacrament©
BBPP^- r '" 1 su, cor. Kearny, S. ]f.
Branch Office 640 Market at, a. F. ' ■
MPU VvH Vfiil *^° re Taroat, I'iDiples, Copper*?}
Liiln:'-' I Uv colored Spots, Aches. Old Hores,
BMI/lcere in Mouth, Hair-Falling! Write t'OOKn
9J3KMKDY CO., 307 Masonic Temple JSi
jHChieatro, 311., for proofs of cures. Cupi-fM
SJjjtiil, &500.00 Q. Worst cases cured In 15JH
Bto 35 da.y.';loo-pogß book <V«e. r '
-;-■ ,■■■ ■ ••■.-•-, ■:■ : t.
56
SATURDAY NOVEMBER 14. 1896
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postagfe Free:
Pally end Snnday C*i.i«oneweek, by carrier. .fO.iB
Pally imd Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Dally and Sunday Cali, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Daily and Sunday Cam., three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.50
Vt liicly Call, one year, by mall l<so
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone Main-186f
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICBS:
627 Montgomery street, corner Clay: op«n untD
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lark'.n street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; ope>
cntll 9 o'clock.
'.1518 Mission street; open nnttl 9 o'clock.
11? Mijtb street; open untU 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, N«V TOT* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Ea«tern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Leave orders to-day for the Sunday
Call-
Don't fail to get the Sunday Call and
read the Chit Chat papers. "
Weyler reported a victory yesterday and
to-morrow we may learn that the Cubans
are advancing on Havana.
The French crisis has involuted into it
self this time, but before long it will
evolute into something else.
Ex- Attorney-General Miller announces
he will not be a member of McKinley's
Cabinet — and there are others.
Humboldt has to look up in these days
if she wishes to keep her eyes on her in
dustries, lor the redwood market is rising.
Auburn has opened tbe chrysanthemum
season and the holiday frolics of tbe State
may be said to nave begun on a high
plane.
There have been times when every
Supervisor wanted the floor, but at pres
ent they will be satisfied if they can keep
their seats.
In his address to the farmers ex-Presi
dent Harrison gave them a good motto:
"The city for the country, the country for
the city and all for tne flag."
It is sufficient to say of McKinley's
foreign policy that it will be foreign in
name only. It will be a strictly American
policy and the people will support it.
The New York horse show will hardly
be a success this year. They cannot get a
duke, they won't have the Barrieons, and
there is nothing to see but the horses.
Kaiser William has made another war
lord address to his raw recruits, but the
nations will not be disturbed this time.
Everybody has got on to his curves now.
It is, perhaps, worth noting* that no I
Palmer and Buckner man is heard, ex
plaining the defeat, talking of running the
ticket again or prophesying victory in
1900. ______
Spain is reported to be eager to fight the j
United States in order to have an excuse
for letting Cuba go, and while the excuse
is a poor one we may have to accommo
date her.
»
Tlie British recognition of the Monroe
doctrine does not please France and Ger
many, but by and by they will come to j
recognize it themselves and then they will
like it better.
According to the reports from Chicago
the directors of the National Baseball
League made the awkward mistake at
their meeting of trying to play ball with
out an umpire.
The Republican party taught the lesson
to the Popocrats, but the conservative
Democrats are rubbing it in. All their
organs in the East seem resolved to make
the Bryamies repent or take the skiu off.
The more the people consider the
Dingley bill the more satisfied they be
come that while it may serve as a revenue
makeshift it. will fall far snort of meeting
the real requirements of American in
dustry.
Manufacturers and merchants should
not forget the proposed display of Cali
fornian products at the Guatemalan expo
sition. There will be a good market for
us in Central ana South America if we
work it right.
Over in the far East the conservative
Democratic organs are learnedly appeal
ing to history to prove that the Indian
apolis platform represented true Democ
racy, and are urging that the party be
reorganized on that basis to make its next j
The promises which the Sultan has
given the European powers include re
iorms in the finances as well as in' the
administration of Armenia, so it seems
that money as well as humanity was
needed to make the diplomatic mare get a
move on her.
According to the St. James Gazette, it
cost Kussia $950,000,000 to whip Turkey in
1878, and it would cost England a billion
to do it now. Of course, Turkey is too
poor to pay an indemnity for ouch medi
cine and the doctors are therefore agreed
to let tbe sick man alone.
As St Louis, in addition to the great
conventions of the rammer, is to have the
National convention of tbe Woman's
Christian Temperance Union this month,
she may rightly call herself the conven
tion city and begin to talk of assemblies
in any other part of the Nation as over
flow meetings.
It is evident that in the tidal war* of
prosperity Stockton intends to be right in
the swim, for the news from there yester
day announces the starting of a big tan*
nerv, the revival of pottery works and tbe
beginning of a survey for a railroad to the
mining counties. That is a good showing
for one week in one town.
For some years past tbe approach of
winter has been heralded In the East by
the organization of women's rainy-day
clubs to encourage the use of thick shoes
and short skirts in sloppy weather. This
year i 3 no exception to the rule. Unde
terred by past failure?, similar clubs are
now spoken of in all Eastern cities, and if
perseverance is worth anything the short
skirt will be tbe rage this winter.
FIGHTING THE AIR
General Harrison's address to the
Farmers' National Congress is chiefly
notable for the advice which he gave to
those who are not satisfied with the ex
isting condition of American legislation.
It was an appeal to cpmmon-sense against
the folly of idle discontent, and pointed
out clearly the difference between mere
agitation and the true methods of effect
ing reform.
"I have no patience," said General
Harrison, "with those people who are
always fighting the air. It is mischievous
to denounce classes and this thing and
that. If there are trusts let us know it
and bring leeis!ation to bear upon them
and court decrees to prevent them, and
then we have accomplished something."
The ex- President went on to declare that
if any man would make it plain to the
American people that he is oppressed and
that he is not getting his rights the
majority of the people would be on his
side against whoever or whatever opposed
him. The one thing for the reformer to
do is to point out the specific wrong that
is done. Nothing can be gained by wild
declamations in vague terms against
plutocrats and corporations in general.
Everything on tbe other hand can
be effected by the common - sense
way of selecting some well-defined
wrong, devising the proper reme/iy
for it, and then appealing to the
patriotism of the people to apply tbe
remedy through the recognized forms of
American law.
The address of the ex- President was in
every respect timely. We have had dur
ing the whole period of the Democratic
depression too much of that form of agita
tion which General Harrison so well de
scribed as "fighting the air.' While tne
conservative common-sense of the country
sought for the cause of the evil and dis
covered it in the breaking down of the
protective system a whole host of unrea
soning and clamorous men were shouting
for a total revolution in our financial, in
dustrial and social organization.
The common-sense of the people pre
vailed in the election, and no great harm
has come from the agitation. Neverthe
less, some injury always results from such
clamors. They stir up strife between
classes and sections, create misunder
standings between labor and capital and
not infrequently Mead. to acts of violence
which have to be severely punished.
There is certainly no reason why any of
this fighting the air should be engaged in
by the farmers of this country. They have
suffered severely from tho Democratic
tariff, it is true, but that suffering will
soon be ended. The people have
learned now that the interests of all
classes are one and that the patriotism
and common-sense of the majority can
always be counted on" to discover what is
wrong in legislation and to apply the
proper remedy. Therefore, all can accept
the motto which tbe ex-President gave to
the audience he was addressing: "The
city for the country and the country for
the city, and all for the flag."
SHIPS IN THE BAY.
The sketch published in The Call yes
terday giving a view of the northern por
tion of the bay and snowing a fleet of
merchant vessels must have been in the
highest degree gratifying to the people of
the City. It was such a picture as ou^ht
to be seen in our bay every day in the
year. It had about it a look of commer
cial activity and was as pleasing to the
money-making instinct as to the artistic
taste.
According to old 'residents, never since
the days of ' 49 has the harbor been so
thronged with vessels as at nresent. Al
most all classes of shipping are repre
sented among the vessels which now
adorn the quiet waters waiting for cargoes
of merchandise to be carried to all quar
ters of the earth. It is, indeed, a goodly
sight and full of promise for the future.
It is to ships that California must look
for her greatest prosperity. Our best mar
kets when we reach anything like a full
development will be found beyond the
seas. We can hardly ever compete in
manufactures in tbe East, where they
have not only larger capital, but cheaper
labor and cheaper transportation. What
we manufacture except in the few rare
cases of products which are peculiar to
our forest*, mines and orchards, must
sees for customers in South America. Aus
tralia, the Orient, and the thousand
islands of the Pacific.
The ships in the harbor to-day there
fore are not so much a fulfillment as a
promise of greater things to come. We
owe the present influx of vessels mainly
to the demand for wheat. That demand
oi course we cannot count on every year,
but if we could build up a trade in manu
factured goods, in such articles as are
needed for the West and the South, we
could count upon a commerce permanent,
enduring and continuously profitable.
With the revival of industry in the
Australia, the advancing civilization in
the Orient and the improving conditions
in the South American Btates, it seems
reasonable to believe that by rightly ap
plied energy, the careful study of these
markets, it wonld be comparatively easy
for us to make California a manufacturing
center for a large portion of Pacific Coast
peoples, and San Francisco the great me
tropolis of tbe greatest of tbe oceans of
earth. The ajght that is now to be seen
in tbe harbor would then be counted as
an every-day occurrence, and while it
wonld still delk'ht the artistic sense of our
people, it would no longer be thought a
commercial boom.
THE DINGLEY BILL.
The discussion in the third day's ses
sion of the Farmers' National Congress at
Indianapolis on the suoject of a memorial
to Congress served to bring out very
clearly the unsatisfactory nature of the
Dingley bill. This will be sure to have
some effect in determining whether or no
we are to have an extra session of Con
gress. It seems clear that all that can be
hoped for this winter would be the pas
sage of that bill, and if it could not be
amended so as to make it suitable to the
needs of American industry, then an
extra session will be almost imperative.
The debate at Indianapolis was brought
about by a motion to eruce out from the
memorial to Congress the paragraph ask
ing for a duty upon wool. This rrotion
led to a general debate upon tne subject
of protective duties, in the course of
which the Dingley bill necessarily be
came the object of particular considera
tion. The charge was made that the bill
discriminates in favor of the manufac
turer and against the wool-grower, and
this view seems to have been taken by the
convention in the memorial which it
adopted.
It will be remembered that the bill re
ported to the House by Mr. Dingley was
on its face a compromise measure. It was
well known to the framers of the bill that
a thoroughly protective system would not
be accepted by the Senate. It was hoped,
however, that the bill presented would
find favor with that body, inasmuch as it
aimed to raise a revenue adequate to the
expenditures ot the Government without
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
radicall)' altering the existing Wilson
tariff.
The bill provides generally that existing
duties shall be increased by 15 per cent.
Where such an increase would raise the
rate of duty nbove that imposed by the
McKinley tariff, then the McKinley rates
Bball be accepted. There are some few
exceptions to this general rule. The duty
on sugar was not touched. Wool was
taken off the free list and duties imposed
equal to about 60 percent of the McKinley
tariff. Lumber was treated in the same
way as wool. These constitute the salient
features of the bill.
It will be seen that the measure wan in
tended merely as a makeshift, and it is
easy to understand why the farmers' con
vention was not satisfied with it. It would
indeed be desirable to have it enacted
tliis winter so as to provide the Govern
ment with the necessary revenues until a
comprehensive protective measure could
be adopted. Its acceptance, however,
should not stand in the way of an extra
session. The industries ot the country re
quire protection arranged on true scien
tific principles, and the people will be
satisfied with nothing less.
AMERICA AND EUROPE
From the ione of the European press, as
reported by dispatches, it is evident that
the British acceptance of American ar
bitratiqn in the Venezuelan controversy
is not #0 favorably received in Eurppe as
it has been with v«. Leading jdurnals in
France and Germany have expressed the
belief that England has gone too far in
recognizing the validity of tbe Monroe
doctrine, and that Europe has sufferad
some injury to her prestige by reason of it.
Some of these journals clearly mistake
the scope and meaning of the Monroe doc
trine. They construe it as a declaration
of the absolute supremacy of the United
States over all this hemisphere, and of her
right to interfere In all possible quarrels
that may arise between any American and
any European state. This construction of
the doctrine may be an honest mistake in
some cases, but more likely it bus been
j)Ut forward by the French and German
press for the purpose of discrediting it and
arousing the antagonism of their people
against it.
It matters very little, however, what
construction they may put upon it, so
long as their objections to it are confined
to mere criticisms on the part of the press
and do not take the form of any diplo
matic protest. The claim of the United
States in the matter is founded on justice,
and has never worked wrong to any power.
It is no more than a declaration of our
intention and our right to prevent any
European nation from extending its
dominion in this hemisphere. This inten
tion carries' with it no threat of war, except
in cases where the aggressor refuses to
submit to a fair arbitration of the ques
tions at issue.
The British Government has lost no
prestige and made no sacrifice of pride in
agreeing to the arbitration of the Vene
zuelan boundary. European critics who
do not like England will, of course, en
deavor to represent her acknowledgment
of our right to interfere as a surrender of
some British interest or right. It will not
be so understood, however, by any large
number of the peoples of either of the two
countries which have been parties to the
controversy.
What England haa done has simply
been to recognize an existing fact. The
Monroe doctrine became law just as soon
as the United States became powerful
enough to mace it law, and it goes with
out saying that if any European nation
should find itself engaged with us in a
controversy similar to that which has just
been so happily settled it would soon fol
low the example of England and acknowl
edge the validity of the doctrine set up by
James Monroe and ever since maintained
inviolate by tho Governme nt of this
country. ____^________
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
To-morrow's Call will contain, as one
of its delightful features, the words and
music of the most catchy of sonps from
the new opera, "Fleur de Lis," which will
be rendered next week at the Baldwin.
The sone is the favorite of Delia Kox,
who has scored an immense success with
it. It is entitled, "Take Me to Your
Heart, Father." Everybody will be
whistling or humming the air. It is
bound to capture the town.
The music alone could not be obtained
in the stores for less than 30 cents, but the
piece cornDlete is presented to the readers
of The Call, along with many fine liier
ary features, for just the price of the
paper. The Suxday Call will publish
the piece exclusively, and copies of the
paper should be ordered early, so that no
body may be disappointed.
The Chit Chat Club of San Francisco is
an organization of brilliant and brainy
men who meet annually and enjoy a gas
tronomical feast, along with a choice
literary Danquet. This year's e3says will
appear exclusively in The Sunday Call.
The authors are: The eminent lawyer,
Hon. D. M. Delmas; Horace G. Platt,
president of the Art Association; Pro
fessor Gustav E sen of the Academy of
Sciences and Professor Bernard Moses of
the University of California. Their papers
will bo found excellent, instructive and
entertaining reading.
"A New and Startling Phase of a Great
Question" is given a prominence that its
importance demands. The facts set forth
under this head appeal to the deepest in
terest of tne California reader, and par
ticularly to residents of this metropolis.
The matter is entirely new and fresh, so
far as newspaper consideration is con
cerned, and it may be safely assumed that
very few people have given the subject
careful thought. The writer of the article
has inlused humor of a healthful kind
into tin- details of his subject. The Call's
able and original cartoonists may have
overdrawn the situation somewnat, but
their efforts will, nevertheless, be found
worthy of commendation.
On the well-known fact that Thb Call'b
telegraphic service is unexcelled in the
West, ana that its news department is
the best and most reliable on tbe slope,
there is no need to dwell. Suffice it to
say that California's representative Sun
day newspaper is The Call.
A tramp applied at a Connecticut farm
house for something to eat and the farm
ei's wife gave him a piece of pie, where
upon he smote her upon the bead. On that
showing the Providence Journal, while not
justifying the tramp, contends he had se
rious provocation and his act was a whole
some protest against the use of pie — an
opinion which goes far to make it clear
why the Connecticut pie-eater is not
always pleased with the judgments of
Providence.
Boston claims a reformer who can prove
that a full-grown man can live and keep
fat on food that costs only 87 cents a week,
but perhaps tne Boston ideas of life and
fatness sue different irom those that pre
vail in tne Golden West.
There is no use waiting for prosperity
any longer. This is the time to get in ana
work for it.
PERSONAL.
Rear-Admlral Beardslee is in town.
W. D. Perrinof Pasadena is in the City.
Arthur Ward of England is at the Grand.
J. E. Leroy of Bakersfield is on a visit here.
M. Carson, a business man of Omaha, is at
the Occidental.
M. H. Hellen, a basiness man of Los Angeles,
Is at the Palace.
I>r. C. T. Hibbett of the United States navy is
registered at tbe Palace.
Amos W. Lewis of Reading, Pa., Is paying a
short visit to San Francisco.
H. A. Davis, a merchant, of Sacramento, is
visiting friends in this City.
Charles G. Bartlett, one of the solid citizens
of Ventura, is at the Grand.
H. E. Neiser. a manufacturer of Jersey City,
N. J., arrived here yesterday.
Sheriff J. L. Johnson of Ukiah Is a late ar
rival here and is at the Russ.
J. H. Lee, secretary for the beet sugar works
at Chino, is on a visit to this City.
W. D. Smith, secretary of the Alaska Packing
Association, is a guest at the Palace.
W. 8. Hook, a wealthy resident of **Los
Angeles, is among the arrivals at the Palace.
Jacob H. Neff, president of the California
Miners' Association, has gone to his home in
Colfax.
A. if. Duncan, a Supervisor of Mendocino
County, came do»vn from Ukiah yesterday and
is at the Grand.
Peter Johnson, who owns mining property
near Angels Camp, is here on a business trip
ana is at the Grand.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was J. J.
Pratt, a mining and business man of Yuba
City. He is at the Grand.
P. V. Berkuj, •who is engaged in the business
of fruit-growing on an extensive scale, at
Colusa, is staying at the Grand.
C. M. Hawshaw, a mining man of Amador, Is
here in the interest of his mining properties,
and is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Captain Wieberg of Portland, Or., is at the
Cosmopolitan with his wife. They are old
Californians, and will spend some time with
their friends here.
T. J.Van Worden, an extensive grain and
livestock grower of Red Wing, Minn., is in
the City. He purposes to establish a similar
house somewhere in Southern California.
Frank L. Ccombs came to town from his
home in Napa yesterday. Mr. Coombs has
Deen elected to the Assembly, and already he
is spoken of as the Speaker of the lower house
in the next session.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert U. Mills sailed on the
Colon Tuesday for Costa Rica, where they will
make their homo for some time. Mr. Mills
went to look after his coffee plantation, near
the Central American capital.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, M. V., Nov. 13.— At the St.
Cloud, C. M. White; Everett, J. H. Bov.lt ana
wife; Grand, J. Decker. N. W. Walter; Gerlach,
A. Borol and wife; Hoffman, W. S. Edwards.
TO THE SCORCHER
Oh, youth, who, benling forward, rides apac?,
With melancholy stamped upon your face,
Pursuing Pleasure with a frenzied eye.
Yet mocked by her however fast you fly.
Are you aware how horrible you look ?
[to cuy Invented for a picture-hook
Was ever a more painful si«tu than thon.
Lord of the bent back and tbe anxious brow.
Oh, sit up straight and try to wear a smile t
Be less intent to pile up mile on mile.
Enjoy the prospect as you ride along—
The trees, the -nnshtrie and the robin's song.
To us who view you scorching day by day.
Bent on your bar in such an awkward w«y.
You are the homellost thing on earth, my lad.
Ob, sit up straight and make the landscape glad.
— lioston Transcript.
Letters From the People.
THE PROBABLE RAINFALL. j
A Foreenat at Bet Forth in, Ilcrschell't
Weather Table.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call: Sir—
As evsry one is vitally interested in the prob
able rainfall for the coming ' season, as on that
depends the success or failure of next season's
crops, allow me to give the "probabilities" as
set forth in Herschell's celebrated weather table
In the main this will be found to be substan
tially correct:'- November (balance), doubtful;
December, same up to 27th; January, 1897 — 2d,
showers; lOtli, rains; 18th, heavy rains; Feb
ruary— heavy rains; 9th. heavy showers;
17th, cold showers; March— 3d, cold showers;
iltb, wind and rain; 18th, lafns; 25tb, cold
showers; April— Doubtful up to 23d, then
light showers; May— heavy showers; 9th,
light showers; 16th, do; 31st, do. .
A margin of one day is usually allowed on
these dates. Esleb Tbabeb.
San Jose, November 13, 1896.
LADY'S BLOUSE WAIST.
A becoming waist of extreme elegance is
shown here. It has a fitted lining over which
the goods is seamless both back and front.
The sleeves Hre of the new leg o' mutton shape,
fitted almost to the top.
A dress of blue camel's hair made after this
model had the collar, cuffs and front of waist
trimmed with a narrow band of Russian
lamb's fur sable. At the edge of this was a
half an inch of orange velvet, overlaid with
an open design in black silk passementerie.
A diess of black had braidings on these parts
of green velvet, finished at the inner edge by a
design in black braid. A green belt and collar
finished this smart gown.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
The Queen Regent of Spain is an excellent
swimmer, and has often astonished ncr sub
jects by her prowess in this art.
Frederich Nietzsche, author of "Thus Spake
Zaratbustra," who has been insane for some
time, is growing worse.
Dr. Howe, director of the Chamberlain Ob
servatory in Denver, has detected various in
dications of mild earthquakes in Colorado, and
will, therefore, set up special apparatus to re
cord all such phenomena.
Queen* Victoria, in return for the gifts
brought to her by Li Hung Chang from the
Emperor of China, is going to send to that
ruler a jeweled miniature portrait of herself,
painted by Mrs. Corbould-Ellis.
Thomas C. Brophy, tne Socialist labor can
didate for Governor of Massachuietss, la op
posed to the use of machinery for any purpose,
for he believes that its product* consist ex
clusively of tramps and millionaires.
Flora Macdonald's statue seems unable to
find a resting place. First, the clan objected
to her bate feet, and now the Inverness Town
Conncll will not firm a site fur it. Lochiel pro
poses that they wait till the statue suits them
before »ccepting it.
On the occasion of the Czar's recent visit to
Vienna, Hans Richter received from him a
decoration and a gold cigar-case with the Rus
sian eagle set in diamonds. From the Aus
trian Emperor the great conductor received
the order of the Iron Crown.
Ann Slmms died at Studley Green, Wiltshire,
England, aged 115 yeaft, in 1785. It is re
corded of her that "she had been, and con
tinued till she was upward of 100 years, the
most noted poacher In that part of the coun
try, and frequently boasted of selling to
Kentlemen fish taken out of their own ponds.
Her coffin and shroud she had purchased and
kept in her apartment for more than twenty
years."
Tne late Sir Richard Burton's translation
of the "Arabian Nights" was sold out in ten
days and brought $80,000, upon which he and
his wife lived royally for five years. At his
death but $2 remained of this sum, and Lady
Burton deposited it in the poor-box o£ her
church.
An antidote for lockjaw has been found
among the dye products of aniline dyes by
Professor Behring, who discovered the anti
toxin of diphtheria, and Dr. Knorr of Berlin.
They think that by means oi it the percentage
of deaths from traumatic tetanus may be re
duced materially.
SHE LON ROLS VOTES
A Colored Woman v.ho Runs Her Election
District.
As happy a woman as there was in New York
on election night, after the returns began to
come in foi McKinley, v.-as Mrs. Mary L. Hall.
She Is colored; she lives In West Twenty
seventh street, and for years she has been a
power in the Twenty-fifth Assembly District,
says the Sun. Men come and go and vote at
her bidding. For weeks before an election she
holds political meetings in the front room of
the basement, where sne lives. She canvasses
from house to house, distributes literature, or
ganizes clubs and makes speeches. Her annual
parade is a feature of the campaign. She is a
watcher at the polls. She knows every man in
her election district, besides many public men.
She is wise in the ways of practical politics.
Miss Bos well, who did such effective work this
year, says that most of what she knows about
political methods she has learned from Mrs.
Hall.
The parade was rather late this year. It oc
curred on the Friday evening before election,
previous to a meeting of colored people at v
hall on Madison avenue. As usual Mrs. Hall
marched at tne head of her followers. On her
head whs a white linen cap, which bore this
label across the front:
The Only Party for Me, •
<^. O. P.
Across her right shoulder and tied under her
left arm she wore a purple sash, and with her
hair hanging on her shoulders and brandish
ing a sword in her right hand she strode, like
a modern Joan of Arc, at the head of her men.
At either side of her inarched a lieutenant,
the one to the right bearing a picture of her
hero, Abraham Lincoln, and the one to the
left a standard with two devices. On one side
it showed these words, "As She Wishes So We
Vote," on the other side this exhortation,
•'Make Your Mark Under the Eagle."
On election day she had in her front yard a
large picture decorated with the National
colors. It was a campaign poster showing Mc-
Kinley and prosperity over against Bryan and
poverty. The basement windows were adorred
with flags Hnd ltthogrHphs. The room within
was decorated with flags and banners and
pictures of McKinley, Kobart, Harrison and
Blame. There Mrs. Hall was found, weary,
but radiant, surrounded by friends and mem
bers of the Women's Republican Association.
"I'm older than I look," she said' "though i
don't look as well as usual to-day. I haven't
been to bed since night before last. I never go
to bed election eve. I stood out there in the
street explaining that picture to the people all
night, and telling them what their duty was.
"I've been in politics ever since 1868. You
see I was born a slave. But when tne war
broke out I ran away Irom Atlanta and joined
the Union army in Tennessee. I never was
abused by my owner. I just wanted to be free.
I didn't want to call q^iy one muster or mis
tress. The/c were eight of us who made our
Mary L. Hall, "W*ho Is a Power in
Her Election District.
escape together to the army. I was the young
est of them and couldn't stand the fatigue of
the march, so they put me into the ainoular.ee
corps. There I learned to nurse and I went
witn the array from Atlanta to the sea. Then
I was transferred to a marine hospital in South
Carolina, where I stayed until the end of the
war. After that I came to New York."
"How did you happen to get into politics?"
•'1 was interested in my people. Few of
them could read, and yet they had the right
to vote. I could read, and so I began to in
struct them. I explained the issues of the
campaign to them. 1 took them to register
and I took them to vote. I have lived right
here in this same district for twenty-three
years. But still I've never made friends, ex
cept in business."
"Do you know what has given you most in
fluence with your people?"
"Well, I'll tell you. My work has been
with the men. Now, I've always made it a
point, if I make n promise, to keep it. If I
find that I can't keep ray word, I call them
all together and say, 'Now, boys, Im sorry,
but I can't do what I said I would,' and then
I carefully explain to them the difficulty.
Why, I've twenty white men in my club.''
Here she pointed proudly to a big blue
banner on one side of the room, on which was
printed in golden letters:
The Mart L. Hall •
• STALWART REPUBLICAN CLUB
• OP the
i TWENTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT. ■
"I have about 150 women and 350 men in
that club." she continued. "Lately, I've just
organized a Young Giria' Juvenile Republican
Club. It is composed of twenty-rJve girls from
12 to 14 years of age. They are to distiibnte
literature for me in the next :our years. They
are more faithful than the women. Colored
women wi.i not work unless I pay them; and
then colored men don't want their wives to go
into politics. My busband is a white man and
he doesn't care."
•'How many men do you influence?"
"Well, in this one election district I control
125 votes. I am the only woman I know of
who works in - primaries. I am an anti
machine woman. I belong to the Bltss-Mil
holland faction. I tell you, Mr. Milhollaudis
the best trlend I have. Last winter my hus
band had been sick for nine weeks, and I was
ill too, and we were about to be dispossessed
because of unpaid rent. Mr. Milbolland wrote
me a check, and I'll never forget it. He stuck
tome, and I'll stick to any one who sticks to
me. Yes, sir I
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Palace-car Porter— Kin I brush de dust outer
yer clothes, boss?
I Traveler— There's no dust in my clothes,
Sam.
"Well, yer doesn't look like yer was dead
broke, boss. 1 ' — Yonkers Statesman.
Foreigner— How long has the present Minis
try been In power ?
M. Allons-Marchons— Over two weeks. It
seems as if we would never be able to turn the
rascals out!— Puck.
Magistrate— What is the charge against this
young woman ?
Officer— Carrying concealed arms, yer Honor.
Magistrate — Eh? Where are they?
Officer— Somewhere Inside her big sleeves,
yer Honor.— New York Town Topics.
"What are your hopes for the future?"
asked the solemn man.
••I have none just now," replied the youth
"To-morrow is my best girl's birthday, and I'm
worrying about the present."— lllustrated Bits.
Business.— He — Misi Luclla, I love you madly.
Wili you be mine?
She — Tms really is so sudden, Mr. Blsnis.
I must have time to thlak i\ over before I an
swer you.
He— Can't give you much. Last car goes in
fifteen minutes. —Cincinnati Enquirer.
/
THEY DEMAND A
SEWER SYSTEM
Improvement Clubs Uniting
on a Popular Pro
ject.
From Ocean View to Holly Park,
Immediate Relief Is
Wanted.
THE DISTRICTS ARE SURVEYED
Instead of Blind Sewers There Will
Be a Main Drain to the
Bay.
A movement which gives promise of as
suming very large proportions before the
Board of Supervisors-elect will have taken
their seats has just been started in the
district lying between Bernal Heights and
Ocean View.
That portion of San Francisco is being
steadily settled by people of moderate
means, and the various tracts of land in
cluded within its boundaries are now
dotted with homes. And yet it has no
system of sewers. In fact it has no pro
vision for draining the numerous little
sewers scattered about the slopes and val
leys — a fact which has compelled the
property-owners and improvement clubs
interested to band themselves together for
a fight for immediate relief.
From time to time representatives^^
various tracts or homesteads have aoplied
to the Board of Supervisors for local
sewers. In the ordinary routine of City
business these petitions were granted.
The result is that short bits of streets and
small tracts have been provided with pipe
sewers. These were laid to certain points,
such as Mission street or San Jose road,
and there at the lowest levels the pipes
end against the solid earth. In other
places the pipes were carried to some bill
aide and left open without any outlet other
than a neighbor's lot. Such a condition
as this did not attract special attention
until the districts affected began to fill
with dwellings, but then the residents saw
that relief was absolutely necessary.
Tde Holly Park Improvement Club took
the first steps toward correcting the evil
which is said to menace the health of the
neighborhood. At a meeting held about
two weeks ago the executive committee of
this club decided to secure the services of
a civil engineer to investigate the whole
question and give advice on what would
be tne best plan qf carrying out the de
sired end — that of establishing a compre
hensive Bewer system and constructing a
main outlet sewer capable of draining the
whole district. The important work of
examination was given to M. M. O'Shaugh
nessy, C. E., who has since made a survey
of the territory in question and prepared
a report based upon the result of his in
vestigation.
At a meeting of the club to-night Mr.
O'Shaughnessy will be present and submit
his report with recommendations as to
what should be done to drain the district.
"They have built a sewer on Mission
street,"' he said, "but it has no outlet, and
they are now building a sewer on San Jose
road, or Chenery street, which has no out
let provided for. The sewers are there
discharging into private property, and
some of them are banked up and simply
have no outlet whatever, so the sewage
either flows over the ground or stays in
the pipes. The sewers were built by street
contractors under order of the Supervi
sors, but the trouble is only small sections
were done at one time.
"The Holly Park Improvement Club
has started to get the matter corrected
and to get a plan for a general sewer sys
tem. I have gone over the ground for the
club and made a preliminary survey of
the land. As a result of my investigation,
I will say that a sewer four and a half
miles is needed from Ocean View, begin
ning at or near the railway crossing there
and following the line of Islais Creek to
the bay of San Francisco.
"A good deal of private property will
have to be condemned for nearly a mile
ami a half along the creek line* for this
main sewer, which should end beyond
Kentucky street in tne bay. If the club
can get it built even to Islais Creek chan
nel that would be good enough for the
present.
"The line I have selected is along Wyo
ming avenue, from Sickles avenue, Ocean
View, then along Cayuga avenue ana oh
through private property to Islais street,
and again through private property to
Channel street, from which point it would
be extended by the most available route
to the water.
"The territory lo be drained by this
sewer contains about 3000 acres and takes
in Fairmount, Castro Heights, Sunny
side, Stanford Heigbts, Ocean View, West
End maps. Excelsior Homestead and the
district adjacent to old Si. Mary's College.
"All the improvement clubs of these
districts are ready to unite and form a
central committee or association of clubs
to carry the project into execution."
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
The Bio Guns— N. N., City. The cost of fir
ing an 82- ton gun with solid shot is said to be
between $500 and $600.
Not One or Them— M. P., City. A 50-cent
piece of the issue of 1833 is not one of those
coins for which a premium is offered.
The Hayks-Stbekt Line— E. J. C, City. The
cable line on Hayes street, San Francisco, was
lirst put into operation on June 1, 1886.
A Lease— H. P., City. The liability of an In
d.vidual under a lease depends upon the con
tent* of the lease and the agreement under it.
McKinley— A. 8., Bt. Helena, Napa County,
Cal. None of the published biographies of
William McKinley assert or deny that he is a
"teetotaler."
No Such School— Reader, Pinole, Contra
Costa County, Cal. There is no "school in San
Francisco lor either department under the
civil service rule."
School Lands- V. W^, City. Information
about the school lands of the State may be
obtained by writing to the office of the State
Superintendent of Schools at Sacramento.
Ferry to Conservatory— Suscribers, City.
The distance from the ferry, by going along
Marke* street to Oak, out Oak to Sianyan
along that thoroughfare to the main drive of
.?.?'■?£". Gate Park< to lhe conservatory is
22,800 feet, «r about 4J^ miles.
Not Advertising— E. a., Angels Camp, Caia
veras County, Cal. This department cannot
furnish you the address of the company you
ask about, for the reason that it does not ad
vertise any firm or business, nor can it advise
you us to its reliability, as it does not stand
sponsor for any business or individual.
Electoral Vote— A Reader, Pokegama, Sis
kiyou, Cal. The electoral vote of a State is di
vided when electors from different parties are
chosen— as, for Instance, at the election in
California In 1892 there were chosen eight
Democratic electors and one Republican. In
the electoral college eight votes were cast for
Cleveland and one for Harrison.
Battle of the Kegs— H. C. C, Whisky
Slide, Calaveras County, Cal. "The Battle of
the Kegs" Is the title of a mock heroic poem
written by Francis Hopkinson, a patriot, on
an incident of the Revolutionary War. Kegs
filled with gunpowder were floated down the
Schnylkill with a view to destroying the Brit
ish fleet anchored in the vicinity of Phila
delphla. The danger of ' the "infernal ma
chines" : was discovered before any ;■ damage
was done, and alter that the British, small
arms and cannon were discharged at every
thing that came ' floating down the river. A
number of empty ketrs were sent down the
stream, and the firing upon them gave rise to
the poem. : ■•-, • ■• ■' ■
- Maeket-Strret System- W. P. C, City. The
following named are the directors of the Mar
ket-street system of curs of San Francisco:
Charles F. Crocker (president), H. E. Hunting
ton (vice-president), A. Hay warn (second vice
president), N. T. Smith (treasurer), J. L.- Will
cut t (secretary ani controller), W. J. Adams,
Dout G " Lath rop. Charles Holbrook, F. S.
Congressman .at Large -A Reader, Po
kegama. Siskiybu County, Cal. Congressmen
at large are elected from the whole State. The
fsl>f mm t ce n l tW 18 "P'osentatives in Congress
so wish i* c i?. U i c ' aim if the people of a S tftte
at rill* H re P res entatives may be chosen
dono ? d!ffTr°», * of Congressmen at largo
?e O 3en°t'at!S: BlUromihose ol dißlrict re P"
J *°!? 88 T 7 J - W " Modest °. Stanislaus County,
and B. H. ?'V City - None of the bonds sold by
the. United States contain a provision that
they shall be paid in United States gold coin
Each law authorizing the issuance of the same
contains the clause "principal and interest
payable in lawful money" or "in coin " The
interest and principal has always been paid
in gold and there is no judicial construction
of the terms in the several acts. "in lawful
money" and "in coin." ' '
President and Vice-President— a. R., City.
As the President and the Vice-President of the
United States are not voted for directly by the
people, but are chosen by electors, it is not
likely that the electors of the dominant party
would vote for one man of their party for
President and for the candidate of the other
party for Vice-President. They could do so, but
if they so betrayed their party it might tot be
pleasant for them to return to 'their constitu
ents. If, however, such a thing should be done
the two men elected would serve.
Old Stamp— Carolina, City. The stamp
you seek information about |is probably a
revenue stamp of war times, but the descrip
tion furnished is too meager to permit a classi
fication of it. .There were a number of stamps
of the same denomination having upon them
the head of Washington, some with ; plain
edges and others I with edges perforated, all
printed with red ink, but each has printed on
its face the purpose for which it was to be
used. Upon the character of the stamp de
pends the value. ■ If you will give a fuller de
scription | the information asked for will be
given. ■'■:;-; •, ./V <■£■-.
Provost Marshal Cunningham— K. 8.,
Finnell. Tehama County, Cal. There was a
William Cunningham who was a provost mar
shal during the Revolutionary War. He was
the son of a trumpeter in the English
dragoons. He came to New York in 1774, be
came a horse-breaker and riding master.
Early durine the days of the Revolution he
went from New York to Boston, where General
Gage appointed him provost marshal .to . the
royal army. . He was placed In charge of the
prisons in Philadelphia and New York. He is
represented as having been very cruel to the
prisoners, 2000 of whom, under his charge,
were starved to death. He had charge of the
execution of Nathan Hale. For a time after
the war he lived in Wales in great poverty.
He mortgaged his half pay, and forged a
draft. Ot that crime he was tried, found
guilty, and hanged August 10, 1791.
Largest variety of chocolates. Townsend's. •
» »—•» — •
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
■— : » ♦ »
Cream mixed candies 25c lb. Townsend's. •
» ♦ *
California glace fruits, 50c a pound, In Japan
ese baskets. Townsend's, 627 Market, Palace.*
. »—» — ♦ — •
"Yon have an iron constitution, haven't you,
FudgeiT"
* "Well, I started out with one, but the world
treated me so roughly that I found it neces
sary to substitute brass."— Record.
■ * m
Special Information daily, to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. ■
.'■': ■ ■ . '- — ; — ' »—•» — • • — -
State Mining Journal,
James J. Robbins, editor, 628 Montgomery
street. Reaches every mining camp in Califor
nia. Contains "Mining Misrepresentations,"
"Cost of Water and Light, "Silver Turned Into
Gold," and other articles oi mining interest. •
»—» — ♦ — •
Parson Goodman— Why are you crying, little
boy?
Boy— l can't bear to see the leaves begin u»
turn, sir.
Parson Goodman— Ah, you must be a born
poet. Poets always feel saa at this time oi the
year.
Boy— lt's schoolbook leaves that I'm refer
rin' to, sir.— Judge.
| Through Sleeping Cars to Chicago.
The Atlantic and Pacific Ballroad. Santa "i
route, will continue to run ; aally through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drawing-room,
also upholstered tourist sleeping-cars, leaving
every afternoon, lowest > through rates to ail
points in the United States, Canada, Mexico 3f
Europe. Excursions through '' ■ Boston leava
every week. San Francisco ticket office, 614 Alar
ket street. Chronicle building, Telephone mam,
1681: Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phillips* Kock inland Excursion*
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday, via Ri»
Grande and Hock Island Hallways. Throa;l»
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man*
rger and porters accompany these excursions M
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodation!
and further Information address Clinton Jones,
General Agent Hock Island Kaiiway, oO Maa.
gomery street. Ban Francisco
The plainest face becomes pleasing when
graced with beautiful hair, and Pabker'b Haib
Balsam greatly excels in producing It.
Tee best regulator of the digestive organs and
the best appetizer known Is Dr. Slegert's Angos
tura Hitters. Try It.
A Cough, Cold ob Kobe Throat requires Im
mediate attention. "Brown's Bronchial Troche*"
will Invariably give relief.
Nkithbr Calomel nor any other deleterious
drug enters Into the composition of Ayer'a Pills.
A safe family medicine.
Mildred— l have always thought that Charli*
Bujastead was the next thing to a fool.
Gertrude— l never did until last Sunday,
when I saw him and you riding together on
the boulevard.
Then the presents that they had given to
each other were returned.— Cleveland Leader.
KZW TO-DAT.
Has for fifteen yeari recom-
mended
GHIRARDELLI'S
chocolates and cocoas to be tha
purest, freshest and best — to the
exclusion of all other brands.
The enormous sales and con-
tinually increasing popularity oJ
GHIRARDELLI'S
Would jseem to prove everythinfl
claimed for it by the
Great American liprtiiij Ten Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES!
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st.
3510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Flllmore «t.
617 Kearny st. 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth sC
■a 1 Montgomery •ru. 104 Second st.
833 Haye.< St. 3285 Mission at. §
52 Market st. (Headquarters), S. P. r
1053 Washington «t. 616 G. Twelfth St.
Ui San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oaklaitt
1355 Park st., Alameda.
Where you get a present with
every purchase.SATTRDAY KOVJSMBKK 14, 1896
I AMUSEMENTS. \
Baldwin Thkateb.— Little Trooper." r
California Tbkatkb.— "Darkest Russia" x
Columbia Thkaikb- "Hendrick Hudson Jr."
Jiohow-o's Opkra-Hovsk— -The Minute Men
Of 1774-75."
Xjvoi.l Opkba Hotjsk.— "«The Gypsy Baron."
Okfiikuh— J?lrt--<"lasi VandeTlUs.'.
A i-Cazar Thkateb - " Heaping the Harvest."
New Bush-Btiu£kt Theater.— A. Kennedy i
the Hypnotist. . • . j
Metropolitan- Temple.— Piano" Recital, this I
afternoon. : •• »;
Central Park.— Baseball to-morrow.
tcTBo HATiiR-Bathlnit and performance
The chutks and Skatixg Rink.— Daily at
aigiit street, one block east of the Park.
1 Acme Coabt JocKKvCLnB— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cook * Co.— This day (Saturday), Chlna-
. *are. at 123 Kearny Bt., fit 2 o'clock
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
There are four "Oregons" in port.
The schooner Scray is getting ready for the
inter-island trade.
The Ponoma. for Eureka, put back yesterday
to place a stowaway on shore.
Mayor Sutro wants the new official map
. placed on exhibition in his office.
The D. H. Bibb Company is having trouble
• about the wages of longshoremen.
George J. Monck has filed a contest to the
probate of Mrs. Anne Monck's will.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth is said
to .have determined to hold his office.
Henry Leipig of the bark Nicholas Thayer
has been sent to the French Hospital.
Increasing cloudiness and probably rain |
Saturday.— Local Forecast Official McAdie.
Judge Daingerfield has ordered Ange'iO Ber- ]
taio to pay bis wife Sfso alimony or go to jail, i
Owing to a local correspondent El Secolo of
Milan got a "scoop" on the Presidential elec
tion.
The tramp steamer Grenada is likely to lose
a charter owing to delay in unloading a cargo
of coal.
Mrs. Susie Martin, who killed her husband,
may be sent to the insane asylum for safe
keeping.
A new board ol trustees and officers have
been elected by the California I'rotective As
sociation.
Supervisors have not yet decidad on apian
of action in their contemplated contest for I
their seats.
Th-j tramp sterner Ettrickdale is discharp- I
Ing a cargo from Yokohama. Her destination
is uncertain.
Editor Fred Marriott of the News Letter has i
pleaded rot guilty to the charge oi libeling
Judge Hebbard.
George Palmer, Trappean. Sport McAllister,
Harry 0 and Perseus were the winners at in
gleside yesterday.
Assessor John D. Siebe has been sued for t
5=138,299, said to be due for uncollected per
sonal property tax.
■ Judges Babrs, Hunt and Hebbard of the j
Superior Court are reported to be slightly ■
under the weather.
• Stephen Otis has been acquitted of the
charge of embezzlement presented against him
by Annie McManus.
Judge Slack has entered a decree sustaining
the will of Elizabeth Sime, deceased, and ad
mitting it to probate.
The popular dancing class, the Friday Fort
nightly, held its second meeting of tne season
at Luiii's Hall, last night.
The Board of Health has ordered that chil
dren ex i osed to contagion from diphtheria be
excluded irom the schools.
Entries for the forthcoming horse show
" close to-day at the headquarters of the associ
ation in the Mills building.
Appraisement of the estate of the late Clara
Xewlands has been filed, showing the prop
erty to be worth $40,445 10.
The Social Labor party at its meeting last
night passed resolutions condemning the
management of the Lick. Baths.
The California Floricuitural Society gave an
exhibition yesterday of chrysanthemums and
other flowers ;n the Palace Hotel.
The bout between Charley Cathcart and
Jimmy Fox before the Reliance Club next I
Tuesday is interesting the water front.
Judge Wallace yesterday declared from the 1
bench that Mrs. Susie Martin ought to have
been convicted of murder if she is"not insane.
Mrs. Alice Knight has sued the estate o'
• Victor H. Masson for her share of $75,000 I
awarded to her in a divorce suit twenty years
ago.
The Grand Jury met yesterday and fully i
exonerated Police Judge Campbell, against !
whom charges of misconduct had been pre- j
ferred.
William Ede has sued C. H. Killey and Ar- I
thur JJoble for $2140 due on a promissory
note, with interest at 1 per cent from January
1, 1896.
United States mail pouches are now being j
carried on the regular passenger-cars of the
Valencia and Castro street lines to the ferry {
lauding.
Tne Board of Education will meet In the
Horace Mann School at 2 p. M. to-day for the
purpose of examining sites for the Mission
High School.
Judge Slack will this morning hea- argu
ments as to whether the $500,000 contract in <
the Fair will case held by Richard JJey shall |
b« produced Oi not.
Miss Victory Bateman, the actress, denies
the intimation of an evening paper yesterday
that she took strychnine last Wednesday night
with suicidal intent
The annual banquet of the Alumni Assocla- ■
tioa of the California College of Pharmacy '
wus held iast evening. The graduates aud •
faculty were the guests.
Judge Coftey yesterday took under consider
• atiou the application of Attorneys Crittendcn
Thornton and F. H. Merzbach for a $1000 fee
in the Louis Corriveau estate.
Alice King died in this City recently. Her
will was tiled for probaie yesterday. The en
tiie estate, valued at $3310, is bequeathed to
P. J. King, who lives in England.
The historical old. tin and iron shacks on
the north side of Jackson street, between San
some and Battery streets, are to be destroyed
at the order of itie Board of Health.
Application has been made by Nellie Burnett
for special letters of administration on the
estate of Lizzie Myers, who died In this City on
the Ist inst. The property is worth $4228.
The board of directors of the Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association yesterday
accepted the resignation of Manager S. H. j
Tacy and elected Oscar Lewis his successor.
Mrs. John Pettee wishes to.establish. with the
help of citizens, an Emergency Home in con
nection with the proposed Emergency Hos
pital and is actively at work on the project.
John Miller has filed a petition to be ad
judged an insolvent debtor. He was engaged
in business as c general commission mer
chant, and his debts amount to $1654; assetz, !
$500.
S. R. Norton, charged with obtaining money
by false pretenses, nas been admitted to bail
in the sum of $1000, thus stopping an expense
of $40 a week for keeping him a prisoner at
his own home.
The 12-inch breech-loading rifle at Fort
Point was fired twice yesterday to test Santa
Cruz powder. The experiment* were highly
successful, as the velocity of 2000 feet per «ec
ond was exceeded without extreme pressure.
United States District Attorney Foote is
making an effort to secure a pardon for Thomas
Mc<iowan, who was convicted of smuggling,
and who is said to be dying of consumption
and other diseases in the A lamed a County Jail.
Charles F. Hoffman, a well-known Cali
fornia mining expert, has accepted a position
with the Exploration Company of London, Ens
land, to go to Russia at a salary of $15,000.
and will leave about December 1 to assume
his new duties.
The third concert of the Hlnrichs-Beel Sym
phony Orchestra was given yesterday after
noon i a the Baldwin Theater. Boys and girls
from the Institution for the Deaf and Dumb
and Blind at Berkeley were among the aud
itors by invitation.
The friends of Ramon Herrera have peti
tioned Governor Budd to pardon the youthful
emivict. They propose to prove that he was
unjustly convicted of robbing a Chinaman,
and that the real robber was Manuel Portlllo,
who was recently shot and killed In Mexico
for train robbery.
The improvement clubs of the districts be
tween Ocean View and Holly Park are about
to unite for a fight for a main sewer from
Ocean View to the bay, about four and a half
miles in length, to drain the whole territory.
Engineer O'tihaughnessy nas made a survey
• fur the Holly Part Club.
J. H. Deering. librarian of the Public Li
brary, submitted bis annual report to tne
Board of Supervisors yesterday. During the
past year 1101 volumes were added to those
already on the shelves, making a grand total
of 34,755 books. Among the donor* were F.
L. Button, C. W. Black, Bancroft, Whitney A
Co., J. A. Russell, W. B. Tyler aud R. P. Ashe.
WRECKERS OF THE PEOPLE'S PARTY.
Buckley ism Reared Its Ugly Head — Treachery to Principle
and Intrigue Among Populists.
This will be an instructive story to the general public and an interesting though
distasteful recital to the fifty thousand Populists of California. Honorable men suffer
because of the universal distrust created by the repeated acts of dishonor perpetrated
in the name of reform by so-called reformers, but the betrayal of principle and con
fidence has become so common that it is expected.
Nothing in the line of political intrigue and disgrac ful jobbery, however, has
elicited quite so much astonishment in the State for many years as the late Buckley-
Popnlist alliance in San Francisco. How pitiable must be the discouragement of the
farmers and country merchants who have borne the taunts and jeers of unapprecia
tive neighbors for years for principle! How disheartened must they have been, and
how indignant, to have learned that trusted leaders had fallen down before the "blind
white devil" of San Francisco!
The inside history of the deal between Buckley and the "conference committee"
of the People's party is yet to be told. Heretofore about all that is known is that a
combination was made between a party which had stood for better conditions and
purer politics and one of the most disreputable elements of bossism. All bossism is
disreputable in the eyes of thoughtful, patriotic men.
The full report of the bargains and promises entered into at Buckley's Ellis-street
resort would be still more interesting to those who have thought they had built up a
true reform party than this recital of the surface indications of duplicity. The pro
fessions of conversion to Populism, voiced for Buckley by those who sought to make
the People's party his stepping-stone to power, are grotesquely amusing, yet pathetic.
Such facts as are generally known to the delegates of the late Populist Municipal Con
vention and the candidates might better be buried in the dead past it useful lessons
could not be drawn from a frank exposure of the loose n.ethods which make such
things possible as the surrender of party and principles to increase the influence of a
disreputable political boss.
The first mistake was the passage of a rule by the County Committee permitting
the delegation of any Assembly District to be filied to its full quota by those who
represented such district. Under this rule and, as many think, with the connivance
of one or two of the County Committee, between thirty and forty Buckleyites became
regular delegates to the convention.
The fatal blunder after the formation of the convention was the departure from
the Populist principle that the rant and file of all organizations (as well as of the
Nation) shall voice its sentiments and judgment in all matters of importance. The
first motion made was that the chairman should select a "committee on conference."
Many of the pioneers of the movement and well-intending portion of the convention,
fearing the election of untried material from among the numerous strange faces in the
delegates' seats, voted together to place the chairman's judgment above the judgment
of the whole convention. They would not trust themselves. The result of the vote
upon this matter was apparently arranged beforehand, as the secretary in an under
tone confidently assured a fellow-member, "You will see the motion will pass all
right." It aid pass. The chairman gracefully asked time for consideration of the re
sponsibility, the committee was appointed and the deal with Buckley began.
After adjourning from time to time for a week or ten days to permit the confer
ence committee to consult with Buckley, Phelan and the Rainey Democracy, the
announcement was made that we were ready for business. Nominations were
reached and Buckley's ticket complete was placed before the convention, with only a
few others from among the recognized Populists. The majority of the convention
sat dumfounded, mute and sullen as Diruond, and Fahey. and Eaton, and Malloye,
and Todd and all the rest of the Buckley nominees were one afier the otb^r intro
duced with clock-like precision as the respective offices were announced. Sunday
evening, between the regular meetings, a conference of many of those who had sus
tained the party for tweo'ears or more was called at Dr. Griswold's office. It resulted
in stiffening the opposition to Buckley. At the succeeding meetings every oppor
tunity which was presented for a f>qnare, clear-cut issue between a Buckley nominee
for Supervisors and an avowed Populist was used to rally the Populist forces against
the political boss, and in all but two instiinces Buckley's lambs met with defeat. In
the Sicond, Fourth and Filth warrts^ where thee was no available candidate, the
Democratic Business ilen's nomination was indorsed. With having secured what
seemed to be the control of the most important nominations, the convention was
apparently Batisfied, and little or no opposition developed to the rest of the Buckley
slate.
In the last hour of the convention, just before adjournment sine die, the secretary
moved that the campaign committee be given "plenary powers." This was sup
ported by the prominent member of tlie conference committee who is said to have
"hypnotized Buckley." These gentlemen pleaded for more confidence. Their
oratory in their own behalf would have done credit to a Republican
stumper who views "the business depression. as "only a lack of confidence."
Evidently the convention realised that it was about time it should asser:
its claims to sanity, and amid a storm of noes the confidence game was killed.
But the resignation of Dr. C. D. Cleveland, who had been nominated for Supervisor,
helped the movement toward the "alliance" with Buckley. The doctor resigned be
cause he would not, by direction or indirection, be associated with the boss he had
helped to stigmatize as a criminal. The dector was a member of the Wallace Grand
Jury a lew years ago. He resigned the nomination after the convention adjourned
because he would not be affiliated with Buckleyism. The campaign committee dis
played its willingness to be slaughtered for a whole sheep and placed the boss' man
upon the ticket in his stead. . ,
The heaviest blow struct at the ''confidence game" during the convention-was the
nomination of Fred W. Potter for Supervisor of the Sixth Ward. Young Potter is a
clean, square but humble proprietor of a machine-shop. His open, frank and honest
face and square build won him the nomination when he appeared before the conven
tion. He defeated the treasurer of the telephone company. At no moment during
the convention was there such a scurrying about acd such a mad crowd as at that
time when the vote was polled for the Sixth Ward Supervisor. These men. however,
who hypnotize Buckley, and others who attend to the Sprine Valley's business, and
others who were playing for Buckley's favor, directed a series of annoyances, intimida
tions and misrepresentations against Potter's candidacy af ier the convention ad
journed, and made the matter so bothersome to him that the young man resigned
The treasurer of the telephone company was immediately placed upon the ticket. This
persecution of Potter in the interest of an officer of one of the monopolies was followed
with a vi or worthy a better cause.
Populists who are verdant believe in direct legislation. Cranks talk about the '
j rights of the people to compel their public servants to act or to decide authoritatively j
j upon vital measures, as Populists and Socialists offer this as a cure for the abuse and
i betrayal of authority by representatives. That is all very well for men to argue about •
j it reads very logical when treated by "the man who hypnotized Buckley," but it seems !
lit is not to be applied when it Interferes with his own chances for election. In this j
connection it would be amusing to tell of some of the sudden conversions to Populism
vouched for by the enthusiastic members of the conference committee, who swallowed
Buckley's nominees without a grimace. It would be likewise in order to learn what
! excuses they can offer for assuming that the smaller body (the campaign committee)
| was justified in undoing the work of the larger body (the convention itself). Repre
sentatives who violate their pledge 8 sometimes present some plausible excuse. Men
who as public servants sell out to corporations ignore the rignts and sentiments of
those who place them in power. The active persecutors of young man Potter and the
j hypnotizer and all who still thought that it was "good, practical politics" to deal
I with Buckley, have been branded indelibly by their willingness to enter into cotubi
: nations with disreputable and unreliable elements and to violate the sealed principles
of their party for success.
The psychical force exerted upon the wavering by the boss would do credit to
Kennedy. Where it will impress a candidate or follower favorably he is Informed
"that the railroad company is behind the deal." Another 13 told that the Catholic
church is backing up the combination. "Both ends are played against the middle."
The result is the same to the boss whichever side wins. He has cultivated both sides
Not until the day of election or after the votes are counted does it dawn upon the un
successful that they have been playing a confidence game wherein they supplied the
confidence and the bosses divided the game. These rumors about powerful support
are the stock in trade of the political bosses and so industriously were such tales cir
culated that the unsophisticated Populists, on the conference committee and off it
were very beautifully taken in.
According to the returns Buckley's strength did not amount to 1000 votes. The
stealing of the credit for the opposition to the charter counted perhaps 1000 or 1500
votes for his candidates, and yet they averaged, with People's parly indorsement but
3500. The Populist vote was decreased by the odium the alliance with Buckley' cast
upon the ticket. Doubtless the work which the manipulators thought was so clever
disgusted more than enough voters in toe State to place it within the Republican
column. One thing is certain, Buckley is repudiated. His late allies will be chagrined
J. M. Reynolds.
MANAGER TACY RESIGNS.
His Sudden Action a Surprise
to the Manufacturers'
Association.
Oscar Lewis Elected His Successor.
Tscy Left for the East Last
Thursday.
8. H. Tacy, manager of the Manufactur
ers' and Producers' Association, gave both
that organization and those who were not
his most intimate friends a great surprise
last Monday by resiening that office.
Thursday morning Mr. Tacy went East,
where it is understood tbat he has em
barked on a most promising commercial
enterprise and will hereafter make his
home.
Accordingly a meeting of the board of
directors of the association was held yes
terday to consider the resignation and the
appointing of a successor. Present were:
President Julian Sonntag, A. Den ham,
L. ft. Mead, J. W. Kerr, A. Sbarboro, A.
McLanghlin, M. J. Keller and Henry J.
Crocker.
Tacy's resignation was accepted, and
Secretary Mead's action in allowing him a
half month's salary duly ratified.
Oscar Lewis was piaced in nomination
as successor by Mr. Kerr. Cn balloting he
was elected by acclamation.
The question of revising the law in its
present attitude toward peddlers' licenses
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
was referred to the law and legislative
committee.
The convict labor question came in for
some pretty lively consideration, but Mr
Sbarboro's desire was acceded to, and ttie
matter was also left to the soberer con
sideration of the law and legislative com
mittee.
These two questions will come up for
consideration Monday at 3 p. m.
San Francisco Songbirds.
They receive considerable attention in Town
Talk this week, and all the notable musical
events of recent occurrence are analyzed at
length by I competent, Impartial, yet keenly
discriminating critics. There are charmine
portraits of ; the Colonial quartet, as well a'
portraits, in the society department, of Miss
Elizabeth Younger, her fiance, Burns Mac
donald, and a number of people of note in the
professional world. Interviews with Interest
ing personages now before tne public edito
rial comments on the proposed new char
and a brilliant and scathing defense of local
weekly journalism are some •of the many ex
ceedingly bright features in this week's Town
-* '* ' - • - ' ■.■'♦■
Limit of Liability.
Many months ago Robert Lynas, a ship
carpenter, was employed by A. M. Simpson &
Co. to strengthen the schooner Pioneer.
Lynas was struck Dy a barrel of lime being
swung on board and knocked Into the hold.
He was Injured so that he will be a cripple
and a paralytic for life. He began an action
in the Superior Court against the owners of
the schooner for $50,000 damages, and Simp
son <fc Co. brought an action In tne United
Stales District Court for a limitation of the
liability to at least the value of the vessel
which wan appraised at $12,000. Yesterday
the limit of liability matter was argued be
fore Judge Morrow, whose decuion Is looked
forward to with much interest, as a number
of line legal questions are involved.
Asthma enrp guaranteed. Dr. Gordon's Chocolate
Emulsion. 221 Davis, S.F., Cal. 6 bot. $5, smpl 6c
STATE LOSES A
MINING EXPERT
Charles F. Hoffman Accepts
an Offer to Go Into
Russia.
A Salary of $15,000 From the
Noted Exploration Com
pany of London.
TO LEAVE ABOUT DECEMBER 1
Strongly Uiges a Government Depart
ment of Mining, With Cibinet
Representation.
Charles F. Hoffman, one of the most
prominent mining m,en in California, has
accepted an offer to go to Russia as an
expert on mines and will shortly leave for
J that far-off country. He will be accom
panied by his son, Ross Hoffman. It is
understood that Mr. Hoffman is to re-
CHARLES F. HOFFMAN.
ceive a salary of $15,000 a year and ex
penses. His employers are the world
famous Exploration Company of London,
England.
The Exploration Company of London is
the largest and richest mining concern in
the world and it is yearly becoming
richer. It is backed by the Rothschilds,
who have invested during the last year la
mines in America alone $50,000,000. Their
purchases on this side of the Atlantic in
clude the Anaconda (Montana) copper
mines, for which they paid $34,000,000;
the Homestead mines in the Black Hills;
extensive properties in New Mexico and
Sonora, Mex. ; in Southern Oregon; the
Oneida mine in Amador County; the
Tom Boy mine of Telluride, Colo., and
they are considering an offer Sto
purchase the Mariposa Grant of 44,000
acres in the heart of Mariposa County.
The company ov/ns mines in Africa, Aus
tralia, Russia and almost every part of
the world. The mines are mostly gold,
but include copper, lead, etc. Wherever
there are known to be mines tnis cum
pnny owns some.
The head of the Exploration Company is
Hamilton Smith, an old California!], and
the late Mr. de Crana, also a Californian,
assisted in organizing the company. Mr.
Smith is expected to arrive here some
time this month, and froni him Mr. Hoff
man may learn more of the details of the
work he is to do ia Russia.
Mr. Hoffman was seen yesterday after
noon in his office in the Nevada block.
He said: "Yes, I have accepted an offer
from Ihe Exploration Company of London
to go to Russia. I expect to leave with my
son Ross about December 1 next. I can
not give you any particulars except that I
am to go to Russia as an expert for the
company. I wish I knew more myself. I
am going to Russia by way of London,
though to go from this side would be
shorter. They cabled me to come to Lon
don first. Ido not know how long I shall
be gone, or into what part of Russia I shall
go. Ido not know very much about Rus
sian mines. There are rich gold, copper,
silver and diamond mines in the Ural
Mountains. Many or all of these mines.
I believe, are own*d and operated by the
Russian Government. I uo not know
whether I am going into the Urals or not."
Charles F. Hoffman has been encaged
in mining in California about twenty-five
years. For a number of years he has been
superintendent of the Red Point mines at
Red Point, Placer County, which are
owned by a French syndicate. While it
was understood that President Neff wouid
not be a candidate for re-election, Mr.
Hoffman was prominently mentioned for
president of the California Miners' Asso
ciation, recently in «ession in this City.
He is regarded as an authority on drift
mining and ha« written what is said to be
the best pamphlet on that subject that
has been published. He has had long ex
perience in mining on the Pacific Coast,
including the Comstock and other places.
He has always been a member of tne ex
ecutive committee of the California Min
ers' Association and one of the lending
spirits in the association. His son, Ross,
is a graduate of the mining department of
the btate University. While in scaool he
was a leading athlete, being noted for his
excellence in pole-vaulting and hurdle
racing.
Charles F. Hoffman is outspoken and
decisive on the subject of making mining
a department of the Government, witn its
head one of the President's Cabinet. He
strongly sapno/ts it. He said yesterday :
"I am most heartily in favor of it. There
should not only be a Government ni ning
department, but it should be represented
in the Cabinet, as the Department of Ag
riculture is by the Secretary of Agricul
ture. Mining is one of tbe greatest and
most important industries of our country.
Millions on millions of capital are in
vested in it I regard it fully as import
ant as agriculture, for out of the mines
comes not only money, but various wide
spread industries. I understand that a
bill to create sucli a bureau was intro
troduced in the House some time ago by
Mr. Caminetti of thin State, and I under
stand an effort will be made to bring it
up again during the session of the next
Congress/ ______________
THE MAYOR WORRIED
He Says That the New Official Map
should Be Exhibited for
Sixty Days.
Mayor Sntro is still worried over the
official map of the City, which was re
cently finished by Surveyor Tilton and
which nas been placed on public inspec
tion for thirty days before the contract
price is paid.
The Mayor wanted the map exhibited
for sixty days before it was accepted and
an expert employed to see that every
thing was all right, but the Supervisors
cut the time down to a month and placed
the map in Surveyor Tilton's office for
inspection. Now the Mayor says that the
Surveyor's department is too far out of
ihe way and too busy a place, and wants
the map brought down to his office,
where, he thinks, all will see it.
He thinks tbat, as the map is twelve
feet square, a staging should be built
about It, so that property-owners can get
near all portion?, and agrees to see that
this is arranged I! the map is given into
the care of his office.
Death of Paul J. Hyde,
Paul J. Hyde, a prominent member of the
Ancient Order of Foresters, died suddenly at
his borne, 233 Bartlett street, yesterday morn
ing. He was a member of Court Vigilant and
its financial secretary. He was also a member
of the Companions ot the Forest and supreme
grand outer guard. He leaves a "Widow ana
three children.
EDITOR MARRIOTT'S TRIAL.
It Will Be Called for a Hearing on the
17th Instant.
Editor Fred Marriott of the News Letter
appeared in Judge Daingerfield's court
yesterday to enter his plea to the charge
of libeling Judge Hebbard during the re
cent political campaign. The defendant
pleaded not guilty, and the case will come
up for further hearing on the 17th inst.
Attorneys Del ruas aud Shortridce will
represent the defendant and W. "W. Foote
and Julius Kahn will assist in the prose
cution.
The charge of libel grows out of the
publication of a circular issued by certain
depositors in the Home Savings Bank of
which It. H. McDonald Jr. was the princi
pal manager.
Much interest is manifested in the case
on account of the prominence of the per-
I sons involved.
In addition to the case of Mr. Marriott
the other persons under indictment foi
libeling Judge Hebbard will also be called
on for trial on the- 17th.
NEW TO-DAT.
.Til
If there's . any one thing
that we do better than any-
thing else, it's upholstering.
We claim the proud dis-
tinction of being the only
store :on this [ coast that does
its own upholstering.
: Take a chair like picture
— rightly made it will last a
lifetime. J
The price is trifling —
pared with a lifetime's com-
fort. r; _____
! ■ A review of the week's ad-
vertisements :
> 6 feet dining table*, polished, $7.75.
" Comiort rockers, with broad arms, $2.10. -' "
-Christmas goods— lots of them. - Won't 7 you
join our "visiting list" ? Welcome! :
California Furniture Company
(N. P Cole & Co) .v Carpets
117 Geary Street . 'MauSi;
MORE STREETCARS
CURRYING MAILS
Mission and Castro Street
Coaches Bear the U. S.
Placard.
The White Car Still Has the
Right of Way on the
Streets.
IS IT GOVERNMENT PROTECTION
The Railroad Authorities Claim That
the Regular Mailcars Cannct
Make Time.
The interruption of any of the Market
street cable- cars now by an unfortunate
teamsier might subject niin to the wrath
of ttie United States authorities located in
the red bricK building on Washington and
Sansome streets.
The fact that the Market-street Railroad
system has brought its entire lines into
the transmission of the Cnlted States
mails throughout the City calls for the
protection of the Government should their
line be menaced by" any unforeseen diffi
culties in the shape of obstructions, strikes
or similar annoyance from obstinate em
ployes or obdurate express wagons or
dump-carts.
To prevent any of those unpieasant oc
currences, in addition to the regular
"white mailcar," which now runs over
the various lines of the Market-street rail
road system and which carries the United
States mail from the outside sub-stations
to the ferry at the end of Market street,
the company is causing mail pouches to
be carried on the regular passenger-cars.
A large piece of white canvas with the
words "U. S. Mailcar" painted in large
b^ack letters is stretched on the front of
tne dummy over the headlight, when
these cars are engaged in the transmission
of mail matter from the sub-stations. This
was the case on a car on Mission and
Twenty-fourth streets, and another on
Seventeenth and Castro streets. From J
these stations four deliveries to the princi
pal station at the ferry are made in this j
manner daily.
This service is performed at such time
as the postal authorities deem it expedient
to transmit the mail, which is now twice
in the forenoon and an equal number of
times in the afternoon. Ou each occasion
tiie regular passenger-cars are required to
carry mail matter. The postoffice authori
ties at the sub-stations hand the gripman
of the car a United States pouch of mail
matter. This is placed on the forward
portion of the dummy between the seats
and in the space allowed for the gripmau's
stand.
When this is done the placard with the
U. S. sign is put in place and the cars roll
alons under the protection of the United
States Government.
In tne meantime the white mail-cars
especially built for the mail service make
their regular ru » from the central station
at the ferries to Hie outlying sub-stations.
The reason given by the railroad
authorities for the passenger-cars carrying
the mail pouches is that the mail matter
contained therein is special and must be
on time at the ferry to catch outgoing
trains which the regular white cars cannot
do and attend to their regular runs.
By this system of pressing the ordinary
passenger- cars into service as mail-cars it
probably brings the entire Market-street
system under Government protection on
the same principle as any or all of regular
trains which carry mails. But on this
subject the authorities of the Market
street system prefer to remain silent.
RABBI NIETO LECTURES.
A Learned Dissertation Upon the Sub
ject of ''.Judaism and Parseeism."
Rabbi J. Nieto lectured to a crowded
house last night at Synagogue Sherith
Israel on the subject of "Judaism and
Parseeism."
"It is related in the accounts of the
' NEWTO^AJ-AMUSEMENT9.
IrRiCBLAMLR.GOTTIOD«l rRiCBLAMLR.GOTTl0D« O>- UJitJAnDrwttAstßS-- ;
THE ONLY MaTINEE THIS AFTERNOON OF
The Corinne Fxtravasanza Company!
••HENUKICK HUDSON JK!"
60 People In thf> Ensemble.'
Gorgeous, Glittering, Glorious Spectacle
IMPORTANT !
BEMEMBtK ON* MONDAY NEXT,
first Time-Here of ■-'■
Sutton Vane's Greatest Melodrama.
- The Cast Includes
JOSEPH GRISXEK and PiKEBE DAYIES
Seats Now Selling.
Belasco, Jordan & La Faille, Lessees & Managers
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 O'CLOCK.
- First production on the Pacific Coast or
"REAPING THE HARVEST !"— —
Night— lsc, 25c, 36.?. 60c. Matinees— lsc, 25c, 35c.
Telephone, Black 991.
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
T. A. KENNEDY..... Solo Manager
The Laughing Season Now in Full Swing.
T. __. DBS:3E33Xr3>ar3EI>— T,
HYPNOTIST, ■
1 Kins of All Fun-Makers!
EVENING PRICES— 15c, «sc. 50c.
Matinees Sat; and Sun. — 10c and 35c.
WATCH FOR THE MAN IN A TRANCE.
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZBISLER!
■'/?,; METROPOLITAN; TEMPLE.
- RBCITALj
THIS aftkbnoon at 3:15
Xj-ajEJI" RECITAIj
MONDAY : EVENING.' NOVEMBER . 18.
PKICES-BS.OO, »1.80 and SI.OO. '■■
Sale of seals now open at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
CENTRAL PARK. '■:
SUNDAY," NOVEMBER 15, AT 8 P. M. ,
"CALIFORNIA vs. NEVADA.
ALAMEDA .AXjERTS
--:-:' -•:;■■. " — vs—^-::v : k-;»-:-:
NEVADA STARS.
ADMISSION 35 CENTS.
THE CHUTES.
Admission—Adults lOc, t Children sc. •
Open From Noon Till Midnight.
Arion. Skating- v Rink, Animatoscope— FßEE !
' BAILOUT f ASCI3N SION SUNDAY.
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. -Mi to lIP. M.
C oncert Every Afternoon and I Evening.
1 Concert Every Afternoon Evening,
Admission— Adults lOc. Children sc.
School children admitted free Saturdays, 7 a.m.
to 6 p.m. HBBBBBHBHfifIBBff<
NEW TO-DAT.
\ Smouldering fires
of old disease :
% lurk in the blood of many a <jj,
jj> man, -who fancies himself in (<|
i j good health. Let a slight <-]•
!',> sickness seize him, and the ?i
]i> old enemy breaks out anew. <<|
<| The fault is the taking of |[
i? medicines that suppress, in- )>
](> stead of curing disease. You jj!
Js can eradicate disease and dj
<£ purify your blood, if you use |>
] the standard remedy of the <'[
j world,
Ayer's
| Sarsaparilla.
travels of a missionary in China," he
said, "that it was tola him there was a
sect called 'The People of the Shrunken
Sinew,' who lived in a certain province and
worshiped an image which they kept
concealed behind a curtain. Fired with
curiosity he set out post haste for the
province named.
"The conviction dawned upon him that
they were Jews, which intensified his de
sire for a closer acquaintance, knowing as
he did that the Jews did not worship
i in a?es. "
The rabbi then proceeded to tell how the
traveler found what was behind the cur
tain was not an Image but a copy of the
law, which was not itseif worshiped, but
only in spirit. This drew forth a learned
dissertation upon the Parseos as compared
with Judai.«ni, and the religion was ex
plnined in all its phase 3.
KEW TO- DAT.
Tea should be sold in
air-tight packages — to keep
fresh.
Schilling Best is . fresh-
roasted tea in air-tight pack-
ages — at grocers'.
A ■Schilling & Company
San Francisco fi'*-/' 451
TSEMT TO-DAT-AMCSEMESTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Ai. Hayma.n <SS Co. (Incorporated) . . . . . Propriewri
. Matinee To-day! Last Time To-night!
X>TF3T,:iL.jgL FOX
And Her Superb COMIC OPERA. CO.,
. •' Management S. T. King.
The successful Opera,
LITTLE TROOPER!
Original Scenery and Costumes ! -
• Selected Cast ! —60 People !
EXTRA-NEXT WKEK-
'£& and Last Week of DELI.A FOX
AND FJKST IIHJt HEKK OF
' FL.EUR DE Hilg !"
CALIFORNIA THEATER
al Hayman & Co. (Incorporated) Proprietors
MATINEE TO-DAT.
TO-NIGH I' AND ALL. NEXT WEEK,
The Grant! Romance of the Czar's Realm,
DARKEST RUSSIA!
"Under the Management of Sydney R. Kills.
The- most intense and realistic play seen in
years, depicting Kussia as it is to-day. Replete
with effects, groupings and tableaux.
Elaborately staged, beautifully costumed.
Every act a scenic picture.
A Company of Superior Excellence.
Regular California Theater Prices—
250 to $1.
Monday, Nov. 23— LA LOIE FULLER.
TI VOLT OPERA-HOUSE
Mks>Eesesii>'e Kekt.ino. Proprietor & Maaa,3;
LAST TWO NIGHTS!
Johann Strauss' Romantic Comic Opera
"THE
BARON"
Splendid Cast! Superb and Correct Costumes!
Picturesque Scenery !
NEXT MONDAY EVENING,
Yon Juppe's Comedy Opera,
"Donna Junnita I"
SEATS NOW ON SALE.
Popular Prices. — .....25c and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager
IT PACKED THE HOUSE!
First Production In This City of James A. Herns'*
Military Drama. -
"THE Ullllll TO OF 1774-75 V
. A Play Full of Patriotism and Love.
VICTORY BaTEMAN as I>orothv.
v HOWa SO KYLE as P.oanoke.
| RETURN OF LKSLIE MOROCCO.
Eveninsr Prices— lOc. 250 and 508.
Matinees Saturday anil Sunday.
, O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday). Nov. 14.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; rial cony, any seal, 103.
Children, 10c, any part. .
The .Latest European Sensation, .
LAVARTEB'S DOG ORCHESTRA!
: HOWARD AND BLAND
QUAKKK CITY QUARTET
Last Nis;ht of the' 3 HORN BROS.. HERR
GRAI-VELDORA AND NORINE .
.And a Great Vaudeville Company.
PACIFIC COISTJOCREY CLUB
(NCLESIDE TRACK),
COMMENCING OCTOBER 28.
; FIRST RACE AT 8 P. M.
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack In America.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and
Townsend st«. depot, leaving at 1:19 T. M. Take
ilissiou-su electric line direct to trade . ' ■
. .^ A. B. HPRECKELS, President.'
W. 8. Lkake, secretary. ;
HORSE SHOW
EXHIBITORS!
Please note that entries will
close positively on :
SATURDAY, ||I||
. HORSE SHOW ASSOCIATION
OF THE PACIFIC COAST,
* - MILLS BUILDING,;
78
SPORTSMAN'S REALM
Doings of the Ring, the Oar, the Gun, the
Gridiron and the Leash*
The ten-round boxing contest between
the scientific pugilists, James Flemming
Carroll and Jack McAuliffe, which will be
decided on Friday evening at Woodward's
Pavilion, is now the principal topic among
sporting men. The fighters are in good
form for a limited bout, and doubtless
they will "put up" a rattling contest. In
the poolrooms even money is being wag
ered on the Choynski-Maher fight, which
will be decided before the Coney Island
(N. V.) Sporting Club on Monday evening.
Of course the event in pugilism that is
attracting the most attention is the com
ing heavy-weight battle between Fitzsim
mons and Sharkey. This will be fought
before the National Club on the evening
of December 2.
In wheeling circles the feature of most
moment is the San Rafael road races,
which will take place on Sunday. The
opening of the new Velodrome track on
Saturday evening next will doubtless
draw a large gathering.
Coursing enthusiasts are deeply inter
ested in the great interstate meeting,
which will be held on the plains of Mer
ced next Monday. In the following col
umns will be found the latest news in all
branches of sporting.
THE WHEELMEN.
Road Raclnir at San Rafael To-mor-
row— New Velodrome Track.
If the weather be fair there will be some
good cycle road racing over the San
Rafael way to-morrow, the entries for
which were published in The Call yester
day. There will be a five-mile handicap,
starting at 11:30 a. m, and a one-mile
handicap, starting at 2:30 p.m. A num
ber of the local clubs have called ruus to
witness the contests, and as the prizes are
good and some fast men are entered the
competition should be lively.
The new W lodrome cycle racing track,
situated on the block bounded by Baker,
Lyon, Hayes and Fell streets, will open
with a fine meet next Saturday afternoon.
The principal card on the programme will
be the match races between W. F. Foster
and C. 3. Wells. There will be a number
oi professional and amateur events besides
and a great day's sport is promised.
The Velodrome management is nego
tiating for the appearance here of the
celebrated team now at New Orleans comp
osed of John S. Johnson, Jimmy Michael,
the Welsh wonder, and two triplet pacing
teams, one of which is the famous Jallu
brothers' team of France, ail under the
management of Tom W. Eck. This aggre
gation of racing stars now holds all paced
track records from a quarter of a mile up
to and including the hour record. It will
be a great card if these people come out
here this winter, and Manager Fawcett
confidently expects that he will be suc
cessful in his efforts and that they will be
here within a month.
The Velodrome track is by long odds the
fastest and best ever constructed in this
City, and we should see some racing on it
the like of which has ne'er glaudened our
eyes before. The comfort of the spectators
has been well looked to also, and every
thing has been built substantially and on
a hign scale. For the opening day next
Saturday the different clubs are reserving
blocks of seats. There is ample seating
capacity and they are so arranged that
from all points a good view cau be had of
the entire track and the homestretch in
particular.
The Imperial Cycling Club will meet
next Monday evening to consider a num
ber of resignations caused by the attitude
of a few of its members daring the recent
election toward the candidacy of George
P. Wetmore. He was The wheelmen's
candidate for Superintendent of Streets
and all the clubs supported him with a
few exceptions in the Imperial Club and
the Olympic Club Wheelmen. The split
has cost the Imperial Club a number of its
best members, including the president and
vice-president.
The Camera Club Cyclists will have a
run to the Presidio to-morrow under Cap
tain Argenti and a large attendance is ex-
Dixon and Kraft, the Bay City Tandem Kings.
pected. Members may invite their friends.
Captain Trolliet has called a run o» the
Imperial Club for to-morrow to San Rafael
on the 9:30 a. m. Tiburon boat to witness
the road races.
The Wanderers will hold their initial run
to-morrow. They will ride through the
park to the Cliff House resplendent with
their emblem— a butterfly.
The latest bulletin of the racing board
is as follows:
Bulletin No. 28. November 12, 1896.
Sanction granted— November 21, Velodrome,
Pan Francisco, Cal.
Transferred to professional class— Phil
Kitchin, Charles W. Stinson, F. A. Ball, A. D
Tornpklns. James W. Cowan, Los Angeles,
Cal , and C. D. Mackay. Portland, Or., by vote
of the board.
Horace Slater, Phoenix, Ariz.; Walter D«n
lels. C. H. Kerr, Harry Drj, W. O. Ferguson,
«. B. Lasswell, Pierce, Butte, Mont.
clause A.
Suspended— Walter Dnnlels, C. H. Kerr
Harry Day, W. O. Ferguson, W. B. L&Rswell'
——Pierce, E. A. Law, Hensley,
Wathey, C. A. Southwick, C. W. Keber,
Keefe, Butte, Mont., for competing in unaanc
tioned races, until July 1, 1897
J. F. Kennedy, D. J. Davis. A. B. Dudley, L
La Foutise, H. Lemblce, Thomas Leonard
James Lyons, R. Ryan, J. Kaufman^ A. 8.
Church, Louis Copinus, C. R. Morgan, B. J."
Morgnn, Anaconda, Mont, for competing in
unsanciioned races, until July 1, 1897
Kent Clark, Hugh Clark. C. W. Chattin
Thomas Hathaway, Floyd Hyde. George Wall,
Ik« Leiser, Missoula. Mont., for com pe line in
unsanetioned races, until July 1, 1897.
Mil burn, Schwurtz, Ireland, Lamberflne,
Brown, Taylor, Harmon, Harrington, Bab
cock, Butler, Mies City, Mont, for com
peting in unsauctioned races, until July l
1897. ' '
August Castendieclc and Irving M. Rohr,
Portland, Or., for non-payment ol entry fees
to Multnomah Athletic ciub, until fees are
paid.
Suspension of Fay Steph^nson, Los Angeles,
Cal., terminated. R. M. Welch,
Member National Racing Board.
If anybody has ridden a bicycle around
a track and cut out his own pace he may
have a slight idea what a fa>t unpaced
mile meant. When the popular Olympic
Club wheelman, C. R. Coufter, covered a
mile unpaced at Denver recently in
1:59 1-5, the fastest a rider has ever trav
eled this distance without pacemakers, it
was a performance entitled to the highest
commendation. Paced miles under 1-50
are of rather frequent occurrence now
adays, but when a rider gets down to a
condition which enables him to ride un
paced at 1:59 1-5, he is capable of a per
formance that approximates a paced mile
in 1:35.
The next National assembly of the
League of American Wheelmen will be
held at Albary, N. V., in Feoruary. when
matters of great importance will be dis
cussed and voted upon by the delegates.
R. M. Welch will attend from this division
to endeavor to put throug'i the Sunday
racing law, and is sanguine of success.
Captain Carpenter and Lieutenants
Games and Whalley of the Alarneda Cy
clers will lead their lellow members on a
paper chase around the streets of Alameda
to-morrow, an innovation in the club run
line.
Herbert D. Clark, one of the most popu
lar members of the Alameda Cyclers, is
now the cycling editor of the Evening
Post, vice H. Austin Goddard, who is go
ing to London. Goddard was to have left
last week, but important business has de
tained him.
The members of the Bay City Wheel
men enjoyed a club run to Sutro's Baths
last night. Some went by wheels and
others by cars, but they all got tnere in
| time and had a barrel of fun in the water.
| Judges Kerrigan and Dunne were as sol
emn about it as their proverbial ancestral
prototypes, though the former confided in
me that he thought the salt water would
do him good. Sandy Plummer, Walter
Sheldon, Dave Marshall, King Rhys,
George Wetmore, Harry Larkin and a lot
of the old-timers were there, and alto
gether they had a great night's sport.
Captain Day thinks of making these runs
of regular fortnightly occurrence here
after. The house committee is arranging
a pool tournament, and the club's annual
vaudeville entertainment will also be held
soon.
The next meeting of the Associated
Clubs will be held Saturday evening, De
cember 5, at which the annual election
will take place. The candidates for the
presidency thus far known are A. P.
Swain of the Acme Club Wheelmen and
E. F. Weihe of the San Francisco Road
Club. As the delegates from this City,
comprising a majority of the board of
governors, are desirous of keeping the
presidency here, Weihe seems to have the
besi chance. J. F. Hancock will be re
turned as secretary-treasurer without
opposition, as he is a popular and efficient
officer. All clubs belonging to the associa
tion must elect three delegates apiece, and
send in their names to the secretary before
the next meeting, or they cannot vote at
the meeting. The annual dues of $10 are
payable at the same time. The association
now has a membershisp of twenty-two
clubs.
The annual meetings of the California
j Division, L. A. W., and the Associated
• Clubs, have been called for the same even
ing, Saturday. December 5. The league
officials had betier advance their date a
week rather than have this clash.
Jules F. Hancock of the Bay City Wheel
men # will start on a trip to Napa County
this morning awheel.
Pacific Field, a bright little cycling
paper edited in Los Angeies by S. H. Lav
erty, is now a monthly, and is more newsy
than ever.
The league now lias a total membership
of 09,383, of which number North C«lifor
nia claims 1634. Spaldinq.
THE FIGHTERS.
Carroll and McAuliffe Will Meet on
Friday Evening.
The members ot the St. George Club
will be treated to a grand fistic entertain
ment on Friday evening, the 30th inst.
James Flemming Carroll, who is unques
tionably a most polished fighter ol the
new school, will meet his old opponent,
Jack McAuliffe, in a ten-round contest at
Woodward's Garden pavilion.
Carroll may have seen his best days—
that is, from a pugilistic point of view —
but there can be no gainsaying the fact
that Jimmy is a wonderfully preserved
fellow, who for the past ten years has
taken the very best care of himself. In
fact, he can go a better race to-day than
many younger men who have indulged in
dissipation to such an extent as to destroy
their constitutions be-fore they reached
their thirtieth yeat.
Carroll has seen 42 winters, but he is
nevertheless as strong and spry as a
well-conditioned lad of 30. As an illus
tration of what a well-preserved man is
capable of accomplishing athletically, the
great championship boat race between
Gaudaur and Stansberry on the Thames
may be mentioned. Gaudaur, who de
feated his opponent rather handsomely
in excellent time, is 38 years of age, and
according to the Sporting Li;e of London,
England, he could have rcdncc-d the time
of the race some seconds if his youn r op
ponent had forced him to better efforts
when nearing the finish.
Therefore Jimmy Carroll should cer
tainly give a first-class account ot him
self on Friday evening next, as he la clever
and a most aggressive fk'bter. McAu
lilfeisaboul33 years old, but durine the
past ten years the champion has lived the
life of a thorough si>ort and invariably
met his friends and boon companions on
Easy street. Of late yearn Jnck has prown
obese and before his departure from New
York for the great Western metropolis he
had all the appearance of a well-to-rio
Alderman. He must have scaled 150
pounds when he landed in t.iis City, but
according to did Professor Farley he has
reduced his avoirdupois by hard exer
cise and on the evening of the content
will be in tolerably good shape to give his
opponent a hot argument for ten rounds.
It Mould be hard to find two men
among the fraternity of pugilists who are
as clever as Jack and Jimmy, consequently
the large crowd of sports w" o will be sure
to witness the mill can count upon seeing
a V? r , t? nd th °i"oughlv scientific battle.
Dal Hawkins and Finnick, "the Arkan
sas Kid, will open the evening's enter
tainment wish a ten-round boxing con
test, finnick has a good record, but the
sports of this City are of the opinion that
to win over Hawkins he must be a first
class fighter.
Betting on the McAuliffe and Carroll
match has not commenced vet, but doubt
less McAuliffe will sell a favorite in the
pools.
Barney Farley is of the opinion that
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
Sharkey is taking moro exercise than he
really requires.
"Tom frequently yUH* my place when
out on his im>riiii»K run," »a»d the old vet
erau, 'and "pon my word I think he is
doing too much hm.l work. He is now in
condition t.. onim Iho ring, and instead
of radnetng 1 think he should be taking
on BMh.
" 1 li« ilrst thlntr Slinrkcy will find is that
M bM ■ tu.,l fooling produced, of course
by ovortiatntiiH. I can assure you that
overtraining in ns bad as no training at
all. If Turn continues to pump himself
out l>y hard rond exerciße, he will find
himself nil tu>d up by the time he is called
upon to niot-t the Cornishman."
Fariey is not far off the mark in his
statement concerning Sharkey. The
sailor is now us hard as nails, and all
that he apparently requires is sufficient
exercise to keep nis breathing apparatus
in good condition.
Hard and heavy exercise will not im
prove Sharkey's condition, now that he is
physically in form to enter a ring at a
moment's notice. Short and sharp exor
cise is what the sailor requires from now
until the day of the battle, but, oi course,
his trainers should be the beter judges of
the kind and- amount of exeicise SharKey
requires to lit him for a ten-round contest.
•Fitzsimmons states that three weeks'
training is all that he will need to fit him
for a limited contest. He wants to be
perfectly free of action when he opens his
guns, so to speak, on the enemy. Oid
trainers contend that overtraining is sure
to bring about a stiff feeling in the
muscles.
George Green is angry; he has a kick
corning. Yesterday tie received a copy of
an English sporting paper in which ap
peared an article concerning George. The
writer calkd Green a lifth-rate dub and
that his light in this City with Tom Tracey
was a fake. Tbe story was based on a let
ter written from Chicago by "Colonel"
Hopkins, in which the manager stated
that the latter threw the fight with Green,
fearing that if he won he would be unable
to get on a match with Buree.
Every person who witnessed the contest
Will laugh at such a statement. Green
won the fight on his merits, and it is a
very good wager that Tracey will acknowl
edge the same to any person who may be
desirous of -knowing the facts.
Tracey was handicapped some pounds
in weight, but so far" as the fight is con
cerned he was fairly deieaied and he ac
knowledged t at lact la the presence of
the writer and several witnesses a tew
evenings after the battle. On Wednes
day he received a message from the Olym
pic Club of Birmingham, England, stating
These Four Men Are Doing: the Brainwork for the Berkeley Team.
that a purse of $3500 was subscribed for a
match between Burge and Green, and
that he (Green) would receive $500 for
expenses. The C.ilifornian answered his
acceptance, but after seeing the publica
tion already referred ;o he stated that he
had changed his mind about going to
England, as be did not believe he would
be accorded fair play in that country.
FOOTBALL.
The Olympic and Reliance Teams
Will Meet To-Day.
BERKELEY, Cm.., Nov. tt.-Whatever
may be said of the strength, brilliancy or
weakness of the individual players of the
Berkeley and Stanford football teams at
the present time, there is a co-existent
feeling of anxiety and uncertainty which
is perhaps only exceeded durinir the entire
football season by the suspense which
arises on the day of the great game, when
the two teams, with girded loins and full
armor, step on the field of battle. Only
twelve days remain before the brawn and
muscle of our two California universities
meet on the gridiron, and during this
short remaining time the fate of either
may be easily determined.
So closely matched have the teams been
in tne past ana so closely matched do they
seem to beat the present time that a slight
loss on either side may result in a propor
tional ely greater Jo-s on the day of the
big game. The training season has pro
gressed so far that it would not be a diffi
cult matter to pick out fifteen men, irom
which number the Varsity eleven will be
selected, providing, of course, that no
serious injury befalls any of these men, or
that they may become disqualified for
other reasons. It would be practically
impossible at this late date in the practice
season to train up a green man to Varsity
form, or lor a very seriously injured
player on ttoe tirst or second elevens to
recover sufficiently to ent^r the match.
As the time for the final struggle draws
closer and closer at hand the work of the
team will be redoubled, and with each
harder stroke that is required of them
comes a proportionate risk of being in
jured. It is tUe fear of injury which gives
rise 10 the supreme anxiety on the part of
both the players themselves and the stu
dent body, for each injury eitner means
that one man less will be able to enter the
big game or to try for substitute.
For the last three years it haa seemed to
be the inevitable fate of Berkeley to have
some of her best men laid off either en
tirely or for a short time just before
Thanksgiving day. Last year Ransorae
injured his knee about two weeks before
tne intercollegiate, and was forced to lay
off for almost the entire remaining time-
Snerman sprained his ankle, and conse
quently was not up to form, and Hupp
was only able to stay with the gsme a few
minutes because of previously sustained
injuries. Almost the same situation pre
vails again this year. Three of t-ie five
Varsity players who returned are now
laid up with bruises and sprains which
may prevent them from entering, at least
from playing the entire time.
The injuries to these three players and
the danger of having still more of the
best men on the team laid off has had a
tendency to put Berkeley decidedly on
the gui vive. Each time that a good man
has been laid off great harm lias been
worked to the team. It has meant that
his experienced services have been lost
that a new man had to be coached for the
vacant place and that a risk has been run
in attempting to secure as good a suc
cessor. Because of the inability of some
of the men to play throughout the season
a great, deal of changing about has been
necessary. Some of the men who have
been playing at guard part of the season
have been changed to tackle, and vice
versa.
Several of the men who have been ac
customed to work back of the line have
been put on the line, and only a few days
ago Birdsall, who has been playing center
Joe Racine, Who Plays End for
Reliance To-Day.
44 8i11y" Sexton, the Crack Tackle
of the Reliance Team.
all season, was tried at gnard. The men
who seem to have kept their places better
than others are those who have been
trying for quarter and for end.
Injuries, nowever, have not been the sole
reason for chunking these players about
so frequently. The weights of the various
men have had something to do with it.
Carr, who had always played na |f Here
tofore, was put on the line as tackle a
fortnight ago; Ludlow, who was accus
tomed to tackle, was put at guard; Castle
nun was moved from tackle to guard; Mc-
Dermott ha? been playing both center and
guard, and Avery, who was a last year's
guard, has been trying for tackle this sea
son.
The interest in football this year, not
withstanding the somewhat unfavorable
outlook just at this time on account of
injured members of the team, seems to be
unprecedented.
lne students have been most enthusi
astic in their support of the team, and if
good will and support count for anything
in a match then surely Berkeley will be
well supported.
Tne course of training from now until
the end of the season will be directed
more toward team work than to individual
wi i!"i- ° ecr t practice, signal work ami
blackboard lectures will be the features for
the next ten days. Hard line work, how
ever, will by no means be subordinated,
but, rather, will be more vigorous than
he retofore. Meanwhile th# student body
will be busily engaged in doing their share
on the side lines and in preparing to drown
the yells of the Stanford men on Thanks
giving day.
To-Day's Game.
To-day is the beginning of the end of
the present football season on this coast.
Reliance and Olympic, the great athletic
club rivals of the West, will meet at 3
o'clock this afternoon for the first time
this year to decide whether Oakland or
San Francisco shall be known during the
coming year as the champion football city
of the State.
Both teams have gone through a season
of hard training and both have met Berke
ley and Palo Alto several times, with
varying results that have made it most
difficult to draw any reliable conclusions
as to the relative strength of the two
elevens.
Heretofore Reliance has always been the
victor in contests with Olympic, but this
season the prospects of the local club have
been very mucn better than for several
years past. To begin witn, the untiring
coaching of Stickney, the old Harvard
player, has been of great benefit both in
training and inspiring the men.
Unfortunately for the Olympics the
plucky St.ckney is "out of it" because of
an injury, an ( his best alternate, the
dashing young Thierkauf, is also laid up.
These two losses will, in themselves,
minimize the advantage formerly con
ceded to Olympic. To-day's game, as the
teams stand, should be close, with a shade
in favor of the maroon and white from
Oakland.
Olympic enters the game with a remark
able collection of players. There are Wel
don and Code formerly of the Stanford
team, Smith and Porter formerly of the
Berkeley team, Ames and Nolan formerly
of the West Point team, and McCormick
formerly of the Annapolis team.
In addition to these Snowden is an old
Stanford baseball pitcher and Kington is
a student of the college of pharmacy of
the University of California.
The Reliance team has not drawn so ex
tensively from outside sources for its play
ers, but Walton and Burnett are old Stan
ford Varsity players.
The Reliance will put up a hard, clean
game to-day, and though not overconfi
dent of winning expect to be on top by a
smull margin.
They have been handicapped in not
having a second eleven, and therefore
were unable to perfect their team as they
wished.
At the beginning of the season arrange
ments were made to play Berkeley two
practice games a week. After playing
two games, for same unknown reason the
Berkeleys' invitation extended to the Re
liance team was withdrawn, and the
Raliance men were compelled to make
long journeys to Palo Alto for practice.
Oliver, their giant guard, has been laid
up with a sprained ankle. He will play
in to-day's game, but it is feared he will
not be so effective, as bis ankle still
bothers him.
Wyckoff has had but very little practice
and Racine, who takes Lanyon's place at
end, has only lined up with tne team
twice this season.
Middlemas has recovered from his in
juries and will play his old position at
end, ;ind though lighter than the Olympic
man will give a good account of himseif.
He will enter the game in tair condition.
With all these setbacks Reliance expects
to repeat its victory of last year over
Olympic.
Carter, New comb, Dosch, Platt, Pringle
and Hilborn will act as substitutes for Re
lianca.
This is the way the two teams . will face
each other in the game, the stripped
weight of each player being given to show
what he will oppose in the avoirdupois of
his vis-a-vis: •' ' <
■•_ Reliance. Poslt'on. : '■'■ Olvmnlr
H^a"\x\™ VS 2 McCormSSTfss
Oliver, 205 L. T. R..:;::^ 140
OUver, 205 L. q. r sheeny! 204
Burnett. 200 C '"' ■ / Kingston. 207
I Ames, 185
Wells, 210...:. R.0.1i...../VT apt - Smlth - 205
Middleman. 170 B. T. Ii ...Porter, 190
Racine, 176 1 -' -. .-., „ • ~ -.
Lacuna. 170/ **" E L Nolan, 156
J. Artett, 150... ...... Q. ........... Code. i'si
WyckotT, 160.. L. H. R." .".'.T" Moße JSB
A^iV^' 1 ?^ 170 "--^ -Snowden lbi
A. Ariett, 165 F.... Weldon, 165
The Lowell High School football team
will play the Lick Polytechnic School
team on the i Sixteenth and Folsom street
grounds this forenoon. Gam* will be
called at 10 o'clock. .
QUAIL AND DUCKS.
The Outlook for a Good Storm To-
Morrow Is Promising.
If the predictions of "Weather Prophet
McAdie come true the duck-hunters will
certainly be in the swim to-morrow.
A severe rain and wind siorm has been
raging in the Northwest and a heavy blow
is expected to reach here to-day or to
morrow. Doubtless the storm in the
north will be the means of driving large
numbers of canvasback. sprieand widgeon
to this coast, where they will receive a
warm reception from the lovers of duck
shooting who have been anxiously waiting
the opportunity for a good shoot.
The weather up to the present has been
very favorable for upland shooting as
sufficient rain has fallen to dampen the
ground, so that hunting-dogs can readily
locale the game.
Yesterday two Hunters named Wilson
and Charnley bagged forty-three ducks
near BurdeH's, on the Sonoma marsn, in a
few hours 1 morning shooting. It is said
HEW TO-DAT.
Take No Substitute-
Gall Borden
Eagle Brand
■ CONDENSED MILK
Has always stood PKST In the estinu.
tion of the American People. No other b
just as good." Be«t Infant Pood.
"NOW WILLING TO LIVE/ 1
TUB Well Known New M Mercian, Daym HirscH,
Ends Heal in Pie's GelFCfliipit ;
• . -i*
With the return of cool weather hosts of
men and women who relied on their sum-
mer vacation to make them strong and
well came home still tired, with poor ap-
petites and depressed by the thought of
the months of hard work ahead.
Their overwrought nerves and bodies
to-day demiind%omething more than a
mere rest. Their blood needs to be swept
of its impurities and the entire nervous
organization reinforced and built up by a
genuine invigorator before good appetite
will wait on digestion and health on both.
The bracing weather of November, with
debilitating summer past, and the severity
of winter not yet arrived, is the very best
time for recruiting the strength and get-
ting rid of disease. Contrast the healthy,
well nourished appearance of persons who
have taken Paine's celery compound with
their former bloodless, nerveless, drowsy
condition ! Men and women getting along
in years find a remarkable increase in
vigor and n brighter, more cheerful state
of mind from the use of this great remedy.
Don't mope along and submit to indi-
gestion, liver disoruer, continual head-
aches or rheumatism. Paine's celery com-
pound will make you strong and keep you
so. Its nourishing, health-mafeing virtues
have been so carefully considered, and so
exactly fitted to the needs of the tired, ex-
hausted body, that its work does not have
to be done after it. It cures heart palpita-
tion and heart weakness, feeds the nervous
organism so sleep becomes natural and re-
I AN ELEGANT BUTTON FREE
I with each package of
I SWEET CAPORAL
E CIGARETTES
|1 AN OPPORTUNITY TO MAKE
I A COLLECTION OF BUTTONS
H WITHOUT COST.
STRONG AGAIN
New Life, New Strength, New Vijor
ME AftAPHRODISIC!
ThlZ L, i d a , n serous , drains Yon . your system
Heh y bToo3 U fi C r y> Create a heftllhy d 'g«'«onfDure;
nerves a^d ni™ muscles, rugged »tren th. steady
Paris? PrioA aln %. Im rle d direct from
Fdr^iß si P* l " bOX directions «' closed, $2 60
fmm in Va " 'espectable druggists. Mai orders
ffie 0? e 0n BhaU recelve prompt attention:
NOTARY PUBLIC.
rjHARLES H. PHILLII^; ATTOXIVEY.ATW
freshing, promotes an increased appetite,
and furnishes the nervous force to enable
the body to convert the food into solid
tiesn and blood.
Of all the means that fnedical skiil has
ever discovered lor recruiting the ex-
hausted energy of the worn-out system,
Paine's celery compound is far in ad-
vance. The pallid face, the pinched fea-
tures, the growing thinness and the nerve-
less movements that teli the story of badly
impov- rished nerves and brain — all these
forebodings of approaching disease disap-
pear with the profound nourishing that
Paine's celery compound always provides
throughout the body, even to the minutest
nerve filaments and blood capillaries.
David Hirsch, the well-known Broadway
merchant. New Y. rk City, writes as fol-
lows to Wells, Richards ii <fe Co. :
"I am advocating Paine's celery com-
pound among my many friends, because
it has done ma so mucn good in a very
slsort space of time. I have been suffer-
ing for years from indigestion and all its
consequent ills, sleeplessness included. I
had lo.*t abont 30 pounds in weight, and
was getting weaker and more nervous
every day. I was unable to stand exer-
tions oi any kind, and I used conveyances
for every short distance.
"After taking two bottles of Paine's cel-
ery compound 1 feel in every respect bet-
ter, stronger, more cheerful and willing to
live. I will certainly never forget the ef-
fects of Paine's celery compound upon my
sy.stem, and I wish to state that I am now
past 68 years of age. I have traveled most
all over the worid, and now 1 feel I can
keep on doing it, and nlso enjoy it."
Paine's ceJ^ry compound has done as
much for thousands of others.
I APERMAN C Ewf CURE I
: 5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea and > •
. < Gleet, anaranteed In from 3 to O days; no s
; < other treatment regnlred, and without the nau-> ,
-' C ceatlnfr rcsnlf3 of dosing with Cul:ehs. Copaiba > !
■ Cor Sandal- J.Ferr*&Co., (successors to>
<Brou\ ■ Pharnmclen, Paris. At all drnpßlsts. > '
is opium
The pura essential extract from the native druir Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without <ts noxious elements, rNo sicknesa cf stomach-
no Tomlt.ng ;no costiveness ; no headache. All DriijrKista!that teal a - e quite plentiful in the marshes
near Black Point. Now that the light of
the moon will soon afford those who shoot
by night an opportunity of bagging large
numbers of ducks, the boom of shotguns
will be heard in the vicinit? of fresh water
- ponds. F. Hofflmg's friends may expect
to hear of some great duct shooting near
Mount Eden. Last year Hoffling held the
championship ot Alameda County.
Ned Bosqui bagged sixty quail last Sun
day in the hills east of Point Reves sta
tion. Louis Rondeau returned from
Tokaloma last Sunday with thirteen
quail.
Charles Precht bagged eleven English
snipe in tiie marshes near Shellville.
• "English snipe," Cooper stopped the
flight of nine ionebiils in the marshes of
6uisun. Dave Thorn and Clarence Haight
will send chilled shot after the quail of
Livermore to-morrow. Doubtless some of
tne pellets will catch up with the fleeting
leathers.
There is some talk of a fifty-bird pigeon
race between if. O. Feuaner and H. Bur
feind, who is one of the crack rifle
shooters of the California Schuetzen Club.
Duck-sootings ooting in the Suisun marshes
should be first-class to-morrow. Donald
Mcßea bagged seventy-nine birds last
Saturday near "the Bridges," and Howard
Thompson returned with a string of fifty
three birds irom Teal station.
Ed Ladd bagged twenty-six quail near
Duncans Mills last Sunday and Pete Me-
Rae, who hunted near Tomales, got a
trood bag of quail and cottontail rabbits.
The Sportsmen who have shooting quar
• ters at Alviso expect to enjoy good sport
to-morrow. Judging from the reports
which have been received during the week
the shooting should be excellent.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
How the Game Is Played on the Atlan
tic Ocean.
"While the Australian cricket season is
hardly open and the grounds of Eugliah
and American clubs are closed for the
season, the enthusiastic player can still
j:et his game — if he will spend sufficient
time and money. His quest will involve
j\- considerable journey, for the game in
■juestion will be found on board the giant
steamers plying between Cape Town and
Southampton.
Ex-Judge Richard Rising, who has just
returned from a trip around the world,
was giving me some information regard
ing the cricket game as played daily
tiboard the good ship Norman during a
recent honieward-bound passage. Next to
the ail important "run sweepstake" it is,
par excellence, the event of the day. A
portion of tne deck, measuring about 2ox
.000 feet, is inclosed with nets, and the
pitch is arranged accordingly. Of course
the prescribed limits of the "field" neces
sitates a unique placing of the fielders,
and,-equally of course, "boundaries" are
frequent. But the wicket is true, and
.mo.it exciting matches are the rule. Out
side tbe inclosure the ladies and their
escorts form a merry crowd of spectators,
and mingle their applause and lausrbtt-r
■with the musical strains of the ship's
orchestra.
During the three days occupied in cross
ing the Hue, however, the sport is aban
doned. It is the rirat limit to cricket
. enthusiasm on record.
By some extraordinary mismanagement
the late Australian match has left the
California Cricket Association in a finan
cial hole. By way of extricating them
selves therefrom the cricketers are ar
ranging a graud benefit performance at
. one of the theaters. The Olympic Club,
which is always to the fore in emergencies
of this kind, has offered to assist, and a
programme of unusual merit will doubt
less result. I will have the full particulars
for next week's Chirps. Vmpike.
HANDBALL.
The Union Court Is In the Hands of
a Receive) — To-Morrow's Games.
The proprietor of the Union handball
,court On Howard street failed in business
• last Tuesday, and the old place, which
has been patronized for many years by
• the lovers oi' the great old Irish game, is
now in charge of the Sheriff, and a big
black lock, indicative of power, hangs on
the door. In all probability the place
will remain unoccupied for some time,
as the court is of very ancient construc
tion, and the players of to-day are not par
ticularly fascinated with it.
Phil Ryan's San Fraacisco ball-court is
largely patronized by the fraternity. It
is of regulation size, and tne electric
lights afford players who cannot indulge
in tbe pastime during the day an oppor
tunity of stretching their nether lirnos at
night. The proprietor is contemplating
many improvements which no doubt will
6e thoroughly appreciated by the lovers of
tine sport. The following excellent pro
gram me of eames has been arranged for
to-morrow:
C. Sullivan and J. Slattery vs. J. McEvely
and I). Farrell, T. Sulliv»n and C. Ward vs. J.
O'Donnell and Doc Molloy, D. Rodgers and P.
Ryan vs. M. McNeil anu G. McDonald, J.
1 A\x; its and Jos Collins vs. J. Lawless and D.
Connelly, R. Shields and J. Callaghan vs. R.
•Shea ana J. Foparty, J. C. Nealon and P.
Donnelly vs. G. Hutchmson and J. Riordan,
coast champion.
Coursing.
The drawing for the interstate meeting,
which begins on the Merced plains on
Monday, was folly up to the expectations
of the leashmen, and if the sport and bet
tirg are not up to the standard of former
•years it will be a surprise to the large
number of enthusiasts who will undoubt
edly attend.
The run between Alameda and Sarcastic
should be close and a jrood betting race, as
also those between Master Glenkirk and
Reliance and between Kingston and Euyal
Daisy.
The grent course, however, and one on
••' which big money will be wagered, will be
retween Cronin & McDonald's nnghtv
• Skyball and the royaliy bred Flying Bi;ck.
It was the original intention oi tne
Ocean View management to bold a meet
• ing to-morrow, but it was finally decided
to postpone it until Sunday, Uie 22d inst.,
• •o.ut of courtesy to the lntcsrstate Club.
.The drawing will be held on Friday even
ing, November 20. at Delta Hail, 1019
; Market street. The stake will be lor
thirty-two dogs, with $1 entrance and $30
'added.
Sacramento Sporting: News.
SACRAMENTO, Ca.l., Nov. 12.— The late cold
•nap has driven the migratory ducks into the
. local lakes, and some ol the huntirs are
•getting good sport. Especially is this the
case on the Foresters' and Canvusbacks' pre
serves. The clubs bait their lakes, and as food
is short this season it insures good sport.
Captain Young, "Doc" Tibbets, H. Wolf and
J. Vanaustine of the Canvasbaek club bagged
152 ducks lust Sunday, Captain Young Keitii.g
. 43 to his individual gun, of which 36 were
mallard. This Is the top score for the season.
• Geese are being killed in large numbers.
Barney Keller bagged 125 in a day's shooting
„ this week, mostly of the gray variety. Ely,
*. Knaler and Ashner baeged 47 ducks in au
* afternoon's shooting at-Fay's Lake.
'Morrison and Helms went out for a few
hours quail-shooting and killed twenty birds
each. Bags of from eighteen to forty birds
•are reported • frequently. The veterans and
; the kindergartens of lh^ Pelican t»un Club
/will try conclusions on Thanksgiving day at
•twenty-five live birds, to decide who . will
"produce" for the annual dinner.and theater
party. .Last year the younger members of the
c club won out. and great was the rejoicing
• thereat; but this year the veterans are smil
• 'ing and saying little. The teams are as fol
lows: Veterans — Morrison, F. Kuhstaller Sr.,
William Gerber end Henry Gerber. Kinder
. gartens^—L. S. Upson, F. C. Yoerk, K. Nicola us
and F. Kuhstaller Jr. The last-named hunters
cla^m that they will all beat the score of Fish
Commissioner Morrison, as they say his shoot
ing eye has been weakened during the late
Jc&ropaign looking for votes.
• * Bicycle clrcics are looking up.. Walter
\*- il( -h, who reprebentß the Capital City Club,
»j> in San Francisco practicing tor the indoor
• v. v r a«nn;nt, and the local boys are piuning.
great hopes on their plucky lime rider. ■ ;
» There will b» several races of a purely local
. nature at Agricultural Park on Thanksgiving
day, one between Ira May and Jacob H. Hirsh.
There will be no coursing in this city next
Sunday, as the Sacramento leashmen desire to
attend the great interstate coursing match on
the. Merced plains. This is the blue-ribbon
event of American coursing, and the honor of
winning first prize is anxiously sought for by
the owner of every long-tail in the country.
Several of Sacramento's, tsstest dogs have been
entered, and it is hoped that they will uphold
the reputation of this locality as 'did the great
Mollie S and Gile In 1892. The entrants from
tins city are: Nethercott's Little Wonder,
Waishs Paderewsky. Stout's Straight Tip, Mc-
Maho i's Pansy and Lily of the West aud De
vine & Teviin's Prince Lief.
There Is lots of football talk, but as yet there
is no team in practice. Rvtherfokd.
NOT NECESSARY.
The SupervianrA J.ny Two Board of
Health Ordinances on the Shelf
for an Indefinite Period.
The Joint Committee on Health and Police
anJ Judiciary of the Board of Supervisors dis
posed of two ordinances recently proposed by
the Board of Health in a summary manner
yesterday.
Attorney J. B. Reinstein drew up • the
measures, but it was speedily discovered that
they were not necessary and their fate was "in
definite postponement."
The firft referred to the inspection of food
for public institutions and required that all
meat and milk furnished tnem be offered for
inspection at one of the public inspection
stations before being delivered.
On the snowing taut the heads of the various
public institutions regularly inspected the
mat -rials this was found to be unnecessary
and laid on the shelf.
The 6econd, requiring that all meat in
tended for use in this City be taken to the
stations, suffered a like fate on the statement
by Chief Food Inspector Dockery that all
meat is examined by United btates and local
inspectors before being allowed entry into the
City and -\vouid only go to the htations after it
had been stamped as wholesome.
The clecisiou of the joint committee highly
pleased a large delegation of butchers who
were present to protest against the ordinances
on the ground that the measures would put
them to much unnecessary expense and
trouble.
» * — »
MAY DIE IN PRISON.
An Effort to Secure a Pardon for
Thomas McGowan.
Efforts are being made to secare a par
don for Thomas McGowan, who nine
months ago was sentenced to serve one
year in the Alameda County Jail for as
sisting in smuggling opium. McGowan
was a fireman on one of tbe steamers run
ning to British Columbia. Boon after he
was sentenced he showed pronounced
symptoms of consumption, and his illness
was increased by malaria and typhoid
pneumonia. On Thursday United States
District Judge Morrow made an order for
McGowan to be removed from the j til to
the Receiving Hospital in Oakland, where
he can Have medical attendance.
United Sta es District Attorney Foote
has become interested in the sniucgler's
unhappy condition, and yesterday he
sent a letter to Attorney-General Har
mon at Washinston, D. C., asking for a
pardon for McGowan on account of ill
health. He has taken this interest in tne
convict because the latter has no funds to
secure the help of an attorney to present
the case at the capital. Another motive
for the interest is that McGowan has a
wife and a small child still in arms. Mr.
Foote has requested that immediate at
tention be paid to the petition, ior, while
the remainder of McGowan's term is
short, the fellow may not live to serve out
the full time. Mr. Foote fears that unless
speedy action be taken the prisoner will
die in jail.
ASSESSOR SIEBE SUED.
Formal Demand for 9138,299 on Ac-
count of Uncollected Taxes.
District Attorney AY. S. Barnes, on be
half of the S;ate of California, yesterday
filed a suit acainst Assessor John D. Siebe
and the sureties on his offic al bond, John
P. Ortman, Henry Plageman and Henry
F. Fortman, for the modest sum of
$138,2t)9.
As a cause of action Mr. Barnes alleges
that Assessor Siebe tailed to perform his
full duty in assessing and collecting taxes
on persona] property not secured by real
estate, and mat on account of this neglect
the public treasury has lost the amount
said to be due.
For this reason Mr. Siebe and his bonds
men are requested to make tue deficit good.
Very little importance is attached to
this suit by the financial oiheers of the
City and County of San Francisco. A
similar suit for $50,000 was begun against
Mr. Siebe a year ago, but nothing came of
it. The new law requires the District At
torney to hie the complaint, however, and
he baa complied with that formality.
BIG BALL GAME SUNDAY
The Alerts Will Meet the Stars
at Central Park To-
Morrow.
It Is Doubtful Whether the Lively
Alameda Boys cr the Nevada Con
stellation Are the Stronger.
The game of ball between the Alameda
Alerts and Nevada Stars, to take place to
morrow afternoon at Central Park promises
to be the most interesting of any sinca the
game has been revived. Alameda is very
proud of trie boys that make up the great
Alert team, and well thsy may be, for all
San Francisco and Oakland almost swear
by them, and would back them against
any team.
The battery work of Hammond and
McKee is a feature worth seeing, not to
mention the wonderful playine of the
other members ot the team. On the othc
side of the diamond, the Stars are not
going to take a back seat if tUey can
heip it. Their backers are coming down
from Nevada to "root" for their cham
pions. In the previous contest it was
anybody's game until the fatal inninr,
winch put the Stars in the lead and made
many a heart sore in Alameda and caused
the Alerts to ic.ck on the old balls fur
nished and finally leave the faeid.
They now have a chance to get even and
propose to take advantage of it to-morrow
at Central Park.
This will give all Alamedans a chance
to do as they wished to do weeks ago —
brine their horses and brass band along
to pull the game for the great little team
that represents them. Below is the
make-up of the teams:
Alameda Alerts. r Position. Nevada Start.
W. Hammond......:. Catcher... LJch ten burg
McKee Pitoiier Parrow
JacobsoQ First base.... Cavanaugh
Holds worthy Second ba5e. ...... ....Dexter
Bird.... ........Third base. ....Moore
Brochoff .....Kbortßtop M rule
Croll .........Left f1uid.. .......... ...Kaud1e
J. Hammond.; Center field .......Vo«s
Coughlin ........ .....JUsht fie1d.......... BadcliSe
The Imperials and Oaklands will play
to-morrow at Sixteenth r and Folsom
streets. The following is the make-up:
Imperials. "Position. ,','. Oaklands. ■
Smith... 5h0rt5t0p........;..... a rlett
Bliss-..;........... Right fieid. ......... Wolterg
Keeiey. . . ;; : : Pitcher ::...... . . ... . XtusseU
Cifton .....butcher .........v..::.v.llunt
Wi1d5.................. First base.... ......Donovan
Creamer Second base......Pequinney
Wn11er.v.:.......:..v;.".1>fi field :..:.. ........ Shea
Tii150n. ............. Third base ........;. imtocco
aiagee....... Center field ....Van Haltren
New Service to Washington, I). C.
Beginning to-day the Bouthern Pacific Com
pany will run weekly a through eecoud-class
sleeper between San Francisco and Washing
ton, D. C, the route being over the Sunset and
Piedmont Air line, the same as that covered
by the Sunset Limited. Trains will leave each
terminus on Saturday aud will arrive on
Thursday. The triv will be made without
change of cars.
Contesting Mrs. Muiick's Will.
Gearge J. Monck has filed a contest to the
probate of the will of the late Mrs. Anne
Monck. The contestant declares that the
signing of the will by Mrs. Monck was pro
cured under auress and fraud, practiced by
Louisa C. Van Orden arid Charles Vaa Ordeu,
beneficiaries under the will.
TUB SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1596.
A BOY'S PLEA FOR
A FREE PARDON
Ramon Herrera Claims
That He Is Unjustly
Imprisoned.
Convicted of a Robbery Com
mitted by Manuel
Portillo,
SENTENCED TO TWENTY YEARS
Testimony to Show Tiiat the Lad
Suffers Instead of One Who Was
Shot in Mexico.
When the Board of State Prison Com
missioners meet to-day they will consider
a petition for a pardon of a convict that
is of more than usual interest. To the
Commissioners are referred all petitions
for pardons made to Governor Budd.
The petition in question has already
RAMON HERRERA, Who Is Imprisoned in San Quentin for a
Crime That Is Said to Have Been Committed by Another.
been presentel to the Governor. It is the
case of a boy, Ramon Herrera, who with
his friends and relatives asserts that he is
entirely innocent of tne crime of robbery
of which he was convicted and for wbicn
he was sentenced to serve twenty years'
imprisonment among the felons and
rogues at San Quentin.
The court records show that in the
latter part of 1893 a Chinaman named
Leong Tom was assaulted and robbed
after midnight by two mat-Iced footpads,
who took from him his gold watch and
$25. Isador Baldivia, Ramon Herrera
and Manuel Portillio were arrested for the
crime.
Baldivia pleaded guilty to the charge
and was sentenced to twenty years' im
prisonment. Herrera protested that he
was innocent, and his mother and two
sisters teutihed that the boy, then 17 years
of agp, was at home and in bed at the
time of the robbery.
However, the victim positively identi
fied the lad as one of the assailants, not
withstanding that he said the robbers
wore masks over their faces. Por*.illo was
acquitted for all that the police recovered
the Cuinaman's watch from a pawnshop,
where it had been pawned by Porlilio,
who skipped off 'o Mexico as soon as he
was released. Portiilo's liberty did him
but little good, for be was since shot to
death while attempting to holdup a train
near Guaymas.
All of this time fierrera's relatives and
friends have been hunting for eviJence to
prove the innocence of the boy, and now
they claim to have all the proof necessary
to establish this as a fa<t. His mends
are numerous and influential, and those
who are the deepest interested are among
the be^t citizens of this City. They desire
not to be known, but among them is one
who, although an attorney, is handling
the case purely in the interest of ju-tice.
He is Aduison E. Shaw of bO6 Montgom
ery street.
From M>. Shaw the inside facts were
learned, which, in substance, are thesa:
The boy, Ramon Herrera. was industrious
and always gave his widowed mother ail
that be earned. On the nigntof the rob
bery the lad was in bed. Herrera dressed
similar to Portillo, who d.d not bear the
best of a reputation, although he was of a
good family. When the lad was arrested
he wished to shield his family from dis
grace, and gave the name of Charles
Garcia.
His first sad experience was with sev
eral Police Court practitioners, who took
all the money that the family could raise
and then neglected to protect their client,
and took no pahjs to bring out the evi
dence that would have secured his acqnit
tal. Even on the trial Baldivia testified
that Herrera was an innocent person, and
that it was another man wno assisted in
robbing the Chinaman. Why so little at
tention was paid to the fact that the
Chinaman's watch had been pawned by
Portillo could never be learned. The boy
was. convicted solely upon the testimony
of the Chinaman.
Shortly after the trial Baldivia repented
and swore to the statement that he had
made upon the witness-stand that Herrera
was innocent. It was not until Portillo
was well out of the btate that he truve his
accomp ice's name. In concluding his
deposition Baloivia says:
The foregoing statement has been made by
me orahy in Police Court lat the time of my
preliminary examination, to tie Judge of said
court, to my attorney, A. B. TreHdwell, and
since then to the Deputy Sheriffs in the
County Jml, and to the family of said Charles
Garcia (the iiunic under which he wns sen
tenced). 1 have done no and do so now as an
act ot justice to said Charles Gxrcia and in the
hone tna.t an innocent man may be vindicated.
T;ie said robbery was committed by Manuel
Portillo and myself. Ifador Balmvia.
Tins is not the only evidence in the pos
f-ession of the boy's friends. Miss Soledad
Cota, upon oath, made a. statement that
the was well scquainted with Portillo un
til he left for Mexico. She said that after
she arrest of Baldivia and Herrera for
robbing the Chinaman Portillo called at
her home and said that he had not been a
fool in the matter, and the Chinaman had
identified Herrera as one of his assail
ants. He said to her that it was a clear
case of mistaken identity. \Vhen con
fronted by the victim Portillo turned up
his coat collar and pulied his hat over his
eyes, and the disguise worktd well, for
the Chinaman picked out the other man.
In her testimony Miss Cota said:
Portillo boasted of his success. He explained
to me that the sign he gave to his confederate
that no officer was in sijtht was by sliding his
foot along the pavement. After the arrest of
Herrera Portillo frequently said to me that
.Herrera was noi the guilty party, but that the
robbery was committed by him-e!t and Bal
divia. Herrera was in no wav implicated in
the affair in any manner whatever.
Miss Cota was not the only one to whom
Portillo confided the fact that he and
not Herrera was the second man, but that
he did not intend to get himself into
trouble by acknowledging the crime. The
reason these people did not come forward
in the cause oi justice was because of their
fear of the desperado, who always went
armed and who had tlie reputation of
being treacherous and revengeful. Now
that the fellow has met his death tnev
are less reserved, although some are fear
ful lest their disclosures give offense to
the man's family or friends.
AU of these facts and others equally im
portant have been prepared by Attorney
Shaw and bis friends in the boy's behalf.
They exoect to so clearly establish the
young fei!ow's innocence that even the
most critical will have to admit tuat he
has, for the past two years or more, been
made to suffer Jor tbe crime of another.
Had the boy's case been properly han
dled at the preliminary hearing and dur
ing the trial bis friends are sure that he
never would have worn a felon's stripes.
All of the blunders were made through
the ignorance of himself and family of the
English language and American customs,
and the lax manner of the Police Court
practitioners into whose hands he fell.
HINRICHS-BEEL CONCERT
Large Audience in Attendance
at the Baldwin
Theater.
Among the Auiitors Were a Delega
tion of Blind Boys and Girls
Who Were Please 1.
The third concert of the Hinrichs-Beel
symphony orchestra in the Baldwin
Theater yesterday afternoon called out a
large audience. The hack rows of seats
were filled by children and young misses
from the Institution for the Deaf, Dumb
and Blind at Berkeley. Most of such at
tendants were blind. There were little
fellows with fat and rosy cheeks who
seemed to feel an irresistible tendency to
merriment between the selections, but
were decorously silent while the
orchestra was playing. There were little
misses who did not know what was on the
programme and were puzzled over the
names of the musical numbers and won
dered audibly as to wbat sort of an in
strument it was that occasionally struck
their ears with an unfamiliar sort of tone.
They came with teachers from tne insti
tution and were assisted to their seats and
there gave tuemaelves up to hearing all
they could.
The concert was not at all even. The
lack of precision was painfully manifested
several times by the necessary sharp rap
of the conductor's baton upon his mu:-ic
rack to biiug the musicians together.
The Gacie overture, "Ostian," went over
very well, although it had a rather in
auspicious beginning. The imaginative
composition is le^s exacting in coloring
than many others. It carries its own
story and was easily within the scope of
the orchestra, but a Jittlo more prelimin
ary rehearsing would uot have detracted
from the general effect.
The most ambitious number on the pro
gramme was the Tschaikowsy Suite No. 3.
The fine movements which exact differ
ent sorts of treatment reached a natural
climax and culmination in the Polacca,
and here it was that the orchestra was at
its best. The rendering was spirited,
well concerted and effective. The audi
ence look very kindly to it. The scherzo
was less well handled. In the theme and
variations some very excellent wort was
done by the strings and also by the wood
wind. The very singular "Vaise Melan
colique," which may or may not have
been suggested by Saint-Saens' "Danse
Macabre," and which in its way is as
grimly suggestive, was done witn very
fcood effect.
The other numbers were two by Mac-
Dowell and the well-known "Rakoczy
March" from Berlioz's "Damnation of
Faust." The last named endtd the enter
tainment spiritedly. There was much
good work during the afternoon, and
some that was quite ragge.i. A fair esti
mate would be that it was uneven on
the whole. Mr. Hinricbs conducted con
scientiously, as usual.
ODD Fellows' Hall, Sunday night. Admission
,ree. A message to San Francisco people. *
SWEARS SHE IS HIS
LEGAL SPOUSE
Mrs. Abbott Says She Was
Married to Thomas
Quackenbush.
Exhibits a Contract Which She
Contends Constitutes a
Legal Claim.
HE PAID FOR HER HOUSE RENT
Opening of the Deposition Proceedings
Between tbe Aged Millionaire
and His Ex-Housekeeper.
Yesterday afternoon Mrs. Nancy A. Abbott's
deposition to be used in the proceedings insti
gated against her by Thomas QuackenDush to
prove that he is not her contract husband as
she alleges was commenced before Notary
Public Milton S. Latham. The taking of the
deposition was not concluded, however.
Before it can be concluded the courts will be
called upon to decided several intricate points
of law. This done Mrs. Abbott or Quacken
bush will continue giving her testimony be
fore Notary Latham next Tuesday, and it the
opposing attorneys can agree the deposition
will be completed on that date.
Mrs. Abboit was attended by her attorney,
Arthur Rodgers, ana Mr. Quackenbush, who
was confined to his home through illness, was
represented by his counsel, E. J. Pringle.
Attorney Pringle fired the opening shot by
asking Mrs. Abbott when Mr. Quackenbush
and herself began living In the same house, 16
Montgomery avenue. This* question was clev
erly parried and the attorney continued, "Who
did the work there?" The witness answered,
"I did my housework," and added that Mr.
Quacicenbnsh supported her during their resi
dence in the Montgomery-avenue dwelling.
In response to a question Mrs. Abbott said
that Mr. Quackenbush came to her house as a
lodger, but after the first month that unsatis
factory lelationship ceased. ''Instead of pay
ing rent for the room he occupied at first," the
witness continued, "he paid the rent of the
entire house."
This statement was accompanied by a smile.
"Do you claim to be married to Mr.QuacKcn
bush?" said Attorney Pringle.
Mrs. Abbott glanced at her counsel as though
expecting an objection, but, as none was forth
coming, nnswered:
"Of course I claim to be married to him. I
was married to him. lam married to him."
Several questions relating to the relation
ship and date of marriage were then asked by
Mr. Quackenbush's counsel, but owing to the
vigorous objections of Attorney Rodgers they
were left to De passed on by the courts.
"Have you any writing from the plaintiff by
which you claim to be married to Mr. Quacken
busn?" was asked.
("I have," said the witness, and her counsel
exhibited it. "I wrote the contract," said
Mrs. Abbott, "but, of course, this signature
\vrs signed by himself. I objected to his liv
ing in the house uuless the ceremony, which
had been several times pos'.poned, was per
formed in some manner. He dictated ;he con
tract. I a^s sled wheu it was necessary, and I
wrote the document."
Several questions of minor importance were
answered, and then came the finale of the
day's proceedings in the shape of a question
considered irrelevant by the witness' counsel.
"L'p to the end of 1892 did you call yourself
a widow or a divorced woman?" asked Attor
ney Pringle. Mrs. Abbott or Quackenbush
smiled and her couusel entered a strenuous
objection.
"About anything which relates to this con
tract we are willing to have questions asked."
he said. "But questions that do not directly
bear on this contract are irrelevant. I intend
soon to bring a suit for maintenance, however,
which will open the door to all such in
quiries."
With this the taking of the deposition was
concluded for the day, in order thatcontended
points might be presented to the courts for
settlement.
MISSION HIGH SCHOOL.
Several Sites Ofi'ernd to the Board of
Education for It.
The Mission High School Club held a meet
ing last night in the Horace Mann School for
the purpose of recommending to the Board of
Education a site for the proposed Mission High
School, for which an appropriation ol $200,
-000 has been made.
The meeting recommended two sites — one on
the southeast corner of Twenty-third and
Guerrero streets, valued at $62,000, and an
other on Valencia street, between Twenty
third and Twenty-fourth, running through to
Bartlett street, and appraised at $70,000.
Daniel Kelly proposed a lot on Eighteenth
street, between Valencia anu Guerrero.
John Brady recommended a lot on the
northeast corner of Fols.'in and Twentieth
streets, running through to Treat avenue, and
valued at $39,000.
Tue Bourd oi Education will meet in com
mittee of the whole in the Horace Mann
School at 2 p. m. to-day for the purpose of ex
amining the several sites, and at their meet-
Ing next Monday night Will take some action
in the matter.
FLOWERS ON SHOW.
Exhibition of the Floral Society at the
Falace Hotel.
A very pretty show of chrysanthemums and
pinks was given yesterday afternoon in the
Maple Boom of the Palace Hotel by the Cali
fornia Floricultural Society.
The exhiPition was a rather informal one,
without the customary concomitants of mj
sic and society display, yet the flowers on
show were all of the highest form of develop
ment and many novelties might be sceu on
the stands.
A' l mis-ion was free to all, but numerous ad
mirers of the work of the Horticultural Society
v ere disappointed wnen they visited the Pal
ace at night and found tne Maple Room in
darkness. The exhibition was Closed early in
the afternoon after all those interested "had
inspected the iatest things in winter flowers.
SHE SHEDS REAL TEARS
Miss Bateman Laughs on the
Stage and Cries Behind
the Scenes.
The Result of an Insinuating Article
Concerning Her in an After
noon Paper.
Miss Victory Bateman went through her
part at the Grand Opera-house in tears last
evening, the result o^ an article in an atter
noon paper regarding 'her almost fatal error
Wednesday night, *hen she took a dose of
poison, tuin'uiug it was phenacetine. The
uctrts-s came home from the theater after the
performance suffering from a neuralgic at
tack, hi. J during tne night, seeking to allay
the pain, took the noxious powder.
She immediately became sick and elected
the poison, recovering sufficitntly to play at
the theater tbe following evening.
Miss Bateman was seen in her dressing-room
at the Grand Opera-house a few moments be
fore her call to go on the stape a> Doiothy in
••Tne Minute Men of 1774-75." indulging in a
good cry— vo 1 . a p!av cry, but a real one, with
out slow music and subdued lights. Baa was
all unstrung, aud her manager, Mr. Moroscu,
who was present, was ft arf.il that the piece
would have to go on without his leading lady.
•'A reporter of the papt-r In question called
on me at rehearsal this forenoon," sne said,
"and I told him I would rattier not have any
thing more of this unfortunate affair said, as
I had suffered euough already in body and
mind over it. I am not sure just what the
powder was, but it made me deathly ill, and J
was told it was strychnine. The reporter
went away angry because 1 would not go into
details, and so he said in his paper first that I
did not take poison, and then intimated that
if it were poison I took it with suicidal in
tent.
"How ridiculous and how i»;ust! What
have I to commit suicide ior ? 1 am perfectly
happy with my mother and in my th->atrical
work. I never in my life was wretclied enough
to think of such a thing."
Then the caliboy appeared at the door and
Dorothy, the Yankee girl, wiping the tears
that were not in the piny, went out on the
stage to meet her British officer lover.
EXPENSIVE PRISONER.
Forty Dollar? a Week for Ten Weeks
to Watch a Sick Man.
"This man Norton has already cost this
City $400 for men to watch him, and 1 am
willing to have him admitted to bail in
order to stop the expense," said District
Attorney Barnes in Judge Slack's court
yesterday.
The court expressed a willingness to
protect the City treasury as far as possible
and Mr. Barnes explained.
S. R. Norton was arrested in Yolo
County some time ago on a charge of em
bezzling $100. He came to San Francisco,
where he was arrested and taken back to
the place wnere the crime was alleged to
have been committed. There he was ad
mitted to bail and at onco reiurned to this
City.
He had no sooner arrived in San Fran
cisco than another warrant was served on
him and he was again taken into custody.
Then a writ of habeas coruus was sued out
in his benalf, under whicti the Chiei of
Police was ordered to produce the pris
oner's body in Judge Hebbard's court.
Before that could be done Norton fell se
riously ill and has been sictc in bed in his
own home ever since.
All thin time officers have been watch
ini? Norton day ana night to see that he
didn't escape. Ten weeks have elapsed,
and as it costs $40 a week for watchers to
guard a man who shows no symptoms of
getting well the District Attorney thinks
it is time to call a halt.
Judge Slack agreed with this view of the
matter and oruered that Norton be ad
mitted to bail in the sum of $1000. a bond
for which will be riled to-day or Monday.
The bail fixed by Judge Hebbard was
$2000, whicti was more than Norton was
able to supply.
WASP SNAP SHOTS.
Fngilist Sharkey Photographed by the
Wasp.
Among the snap shots in the WasD this
week are some iine photo-engravings of
Pugilist Sharkey as he appears in training
at the Ocean Beach. Governor Budd is car
tooned without much resDect for that gen
tleman's feelings, the occasion being his
action upon the resignation of Colonel
Sperry, who, it will be remembered, criti
cized the Governor very severely during
nis speeches on the campaign and de
clined to stay any longer on his staff. The
Wasp is always up-to-date.
ROBBED OF HIS MONEY.
The Experience of a Philadelphia!!
With 31188 Katie Mclaughlin.
E. M. Weideil, a Philadelphian visiting
this City, encountered Katie McLaughlin
last Sunday night. She introduced him
to a friend named Daniel Lyon, a
teamster, and the two made merry in the
woman's room at 974 Folsom street. At
the end of the festivities the Philadelphian
found his pocket-book rifled of $125. The
police have arrested Lyon for the theft.
The woman is still at large.
THE PHARMACISTS DINE
Graduates and Faculty the
Guests of the Alumni
Association.
Annual Meeting anl Election of
Officers of the California
College.
The annnal banquet of Alumni Association,
College of Pharmacy, was held in the main
banquet hall of the California Hotel last even
ing and 100 members and invited guests were
present. The guests were the faculty and the
members of the graduating class ot 1896.
Among those who responded to sentiments
were Congressman 8. G. Hilborn, "Legisla
tion" ; R. T. Moore, president of the class of
'96 ; E. P. Gates, "Affiliated Colleges"; W. M.
Searoy, "Faculty," and J. J. B. Argenti,
"Alumni Association." The programme em
braced music and recitations in this order:
Piano solo, Professor Kenau: recitation, C. R.
Bradbury; barytone solo, Malcom Eraser: recita
tion, Miss Nnncy Place; teuorsolo, A. C Liuncan;
barytone solo. James A. Beckett; cello solo, Pro
ff-.sor Kuss; song, Dr. T. A. Koltanzi, and orches
tra music.
The committee of arrangements consisted of
Messrs. Gates, Dowdall, Beckett and Argenti.
Among the noted guests were: Dr. H. K.
Behr. 8. G. Hilborr, Dr. H. Melv;n, J. H. Daw
son, Val Schmidt, Professor John Calvert, Pro
lessor W. M. Searbv, Professor W. T. Wenzell
and R. E. White. The dinner was animated
and interesting throughout. The banquet-room
was tastefully decorated and the service was
highly complimenteJ.
The annual meeting of the Alumni Assoc a-
Ciation was held at the college yesterday after
noon. The officers elected lor the ensuing
year were: G. E. Bncon, president; E. P. Gates,
secretary ; J. S. Warren, treasurer, and R. A.
Dowdail, J. J. B. Argenti, E. A. Baggett aud H.
McQueen, trustees.
Among the alumni associations of the
Affiliated Colleges thi3 one is regarded as ex
ceptiouaily active and progressive. The mem
bership vow exceeds 250.
The annual meeting of the College of
Pharmacy was held Thursday evening. It
was decided to change the time of lectures, so
when the new buisdirg is occupied the Col
lege o; Pharmacy will be in line with the other
coileges. Tne following trustees were elected:
G. E. Bacon, J. H. Daw sou, R. E. White, J. S.
Warren, E. P. Gates, Val Schmidt and F. A.
Beckett. The trustees elected: G. K. Bacon,
president; J. H. Dawson, viefc-presideut; R. E.
White, treasurer, and W. M. Searby, secretary.
Trie faculty coi.sists of: Professor H. H. Behr,
W. T. Wenzell, W. M. Searby, J. J. B. Argenti,
F. T. Green and John Calvert.
Zeisler Recital.
The following programme will be rendered
at lime. Bloom tie id Zeisler's pianoforte re
cital in Metropolitan Temple this ' afternoon :
Gavotte and variations (Rameau); senate, op.
31; No. 3 (Beethoven); -Warum" (Why?) op.
12, No. 3 (Scfiumann); . "Vogel als Prophet"
(Bird as prophet), op. 82, No. 7 (Schumann);
caprice, transcribed by Schumann, op. 3, No
2 (Paganini); mazurka, op. 7, No. 1 (Chopin);
etude, op. 1. No 12 (Chopin); ballade, op. 23
(Chopin); "Liebestraum" (Love's dream). No.
3(Li*z); wedding march ana dance or the
elves, irora the music of Shakespeare's "Sum
mer Night's Dream," transcribed by Liszt
(Mendelssohn). :
A MINISTER'S WIFE.
The Frank Statement of the Pastor of
Bethel Church.
• From the Advertiser, Elmira, N. Y.
Dr. Williams— Dear Sir: My wile has been
a sufferer irorn rheumatism for more than
three years. Buffering at times with terrible
pains in her limbs, and other times with a
severe "cricJt" in her back which causes great
agony. She spent much for. physicians and
medicine, but secured only temporary relief ;
finally she concluded to try Pink Pills. she
has taken eight boxes, and I can say trom the
tirai oue sn« has improved until now she is
almost entirely free from pain and > has grown
much stronger and feels. confident that, by
the blessing of. God, they will effect a perma
nent cure. .We take great pleasure in recom
mending them to our friends.
"-- (Signed.) -^ Rev. J. H. BrcKXEK.
'■"■ Pastor Bethel A. M. E. Church, Elmira, New
York. •-..■'• ", :" "-■■.,..■ - '---:;■:/;.-;., : ';*•
'.::. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in 'a ; con
densed • lor m, all ■ the . elements necessary ., to
give new lite and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. V They are au unfail
injr specific ■ for ■ such diseases- as locomotor
ataxia, partial -s paralysis; \< St. Vitus' * dance,
sciatica, .--..' neuralgia, - rneurnatism, j nervous
headache, 3 the alter t ffect of la grippe, palpita
tion of the heart," pale and sallow complexion*,
all forms of .'weakness,'- either in males or
ieinale. ;, Pink Pills are sold by all dealers, or
will be sent post paid on receipt of price, 50
cents a box, or six boxes for $2 50 (they are
never sold in bulk or by the 100), by address
ing Dr. Williams' Medicine Company, Scheneo
tady, N. Y. ■, ■ * ■ . - : , '-. .-*.••,;
iPExr to-dat:
A. A A JLa hJ A J. A il.
Editor - - JAMES H. BARRY
SPEAKS OP
THE POLICE BRUTALITY,
SALVATIONIST AM LAP,
THE JUDICIAL MURDER,
.; TRAITOR JOHNSON,
And Other Topics of Interest.
5 Cents a Copy.
Subscription - - $1.511 Pen Year.
ADDRESS
L. W. LOVEY, Manager,
429 Montgomery.St , S. F.
1 p-f On the subject of
*-^ L "Home Industry"—
for that means self-
Oil r ' protection. Keep
==== California gold at
f.^ home. Use it in pay-
ing home labor — in
■ : - - : , i; ,-., promoting home in-
Stcind dustries. Buy mer-
i torious California
Pit*m manufactures- such
nrin. as "Standard" Shirts.
■ - They are made by
f California labor,
which is paid in Cal-
ifornia gold. i Xj,
— —
HECSTiDTEiI 8R05., .
MNFRS., S. F.
Medical and Surgical Offices
DR. COOK
This distinguished specialist restores
Failing Manhood and removes every symp-
tom of Physical, Mental or Sexual Weak-
ness. He also cures Gonorrhoea, Gleet,
Stricture, Varicocele, Hydrocele,. Piles,
Fistula, Rupture, Chronic Catarrh, Blood
and Skin diseases, and diseases of tha
Heart, Lungs, Liver, Stomach, Kidneys,
Bladder and>Uriuary Organs. Female
complaints a specialty. Scientific exam-
inations carefully conducted und«r the
X.RAY. Office hours: 9 a. m. to 12 m.,
2to 5 and 7 to Bp. m. Sundays 10 a. m. to
12 m. only. Write at once if unable to
call. Address
nnPTfIS? rniif «5 market street.
UUU I UUJIV, San Francisco, Cal..
THE
WEEKLY
GILL
&l It Publishes the Cream of tho
cJ News of the Week and?^/-
M MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
d{ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
3 IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
ri ' "PAPER ON THE
m ~J " DATlCii' rn'* ct i "
| «S< PACIFIC COAST
i 3 Always Republican, but Always
j 3 Fair and Impartial in Its
: °\ ■'-..; - Rendering of the Po-
: »< litical News.
©/ It's the Paper to Send East if
; J , You Want to Advertise
i ~n California.
i 3 The Best \ /Mining
3 Telegraphic \/ News That ■
j°j Service on /\ Is ' Accurate
'p( The Coast / ,\&up to date
|°{ Not a Line of it Sensational
!ex or Faky, and Not a Line of ;
10l it Dry or Uninteresting.
5. A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
CX -■•"■ Bright, Clean, A Champ' on of
1~ Thoughtful. Truth. j
2 A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER \
3 ALL THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
n HOME MAIL, $1.50
C3< ! INDUSTRIES . A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR All
•"^SS^!^4fl T ' is f 1 is a uon-poisocong
<^HHK^l^%ia ' remedy 1 for -'■ Gonorrhoea,
JU^rvVUF.t^yjm GlfH-t, Sp.Tmatorrhae*,
jE»laitosi«yi, TO Whites, unnatural dis*
gß^ On»r»ateed J| chargpß, or an? inaamma-
K«»J not to «t.-ictarc. tiou. irritation or ulcera-
JPrerenu conttjlon. tion of mucous mem-
y»>\rHEEvANS CK£UiniLf!o. cranes. Noc-aßtringent.
ICBAciNCiNNATI.O MB! Sold by liruKsintc,
.^K|S[ak U.S.A. JaOm or gent in plain wr-pp9-,
T-J^n II i' l .. V^W.. Circular; sen*- or. -':, .wostp
NEW WESTERN ; HOTEL,
EEABNY >: AND : WASHINGTON ST3.--PP
modeled and renovated. WAitD &vK'
European pUn. ' Kooma 600 to ; «1 50 per ' d»y ~ij
to 1H per week, $8 to SAO per tuoatn: tre« jiini-
not and cold I water ©very room: are Immii •
•very room; elevator runs »tlmi;a;. "
910
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMMAKV OF XHK MAKKiiXS.
Twentr Failures last week.
silver unchanged.
Wheat unsettled.
Other Cereals ra.her quiet.
Marked dec.lneln rieans-
Bran and Middlings advanced.
No change In Hay.
iloar very s iff.
Wool steady.
Hops advanced again.
Beef and Mutton firm.
Larger arrivals of Hogs.
Provisions quieter.
H.des and leather firm.
Coke advancing.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Two cars Eastern Poultry in. ' "-- : •■: '
Grapes weak and dull.
Dried Fruits quiet.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20
failures for the Pacific Coast States and Territories
Jcr the week, ending yesterday as compared with 19
lor the previous week and 27 for the corresponding
« eeK of 1f 95. The failures are dividr-.i among the
trades us follows: 3 restaurants, 3 dry goods, 1
nursery. 3 m»nniacturerand manufacturer's agents
paints! 1 boots and shoes, 1 drucs, 1 hotel, 1 tele
phone and telegraph company, 2 groceries. 2 c:o h
lag, 1 fruits, etc., 1 general store, 2 saloons. .
Explanation. I
The arrow files with the wind. Tee top figure* !
at station indicate maximum temperature for tbe
days; those underneath it. If any, the amount of \
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths, [
during tbe past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect pom s Of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The '
word •'hieh" means hlch barometric, pressure and j
is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low" I
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. [
"Lows" us' ally first appear on tbe Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
tbe pressure falling to the California coas ; - warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
kill produce an opposite result.
WEATHEK BUREAU REPORT.
TJxitkd States Department of Agricui/
tube. Wkather Bureau. sax Fbancisco, Nov.
13, 1895. sr. m. — Weather conditions ami general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-aav:
Eureka 60, Fresno 68, San Diego 76, Red Bluff
64, San Luis Ob!spo 78, Yuma 8-, -an Francisco
62, Los Angeles 84.
San Francisco Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 50. mean 55.
A storm of considerable energy is central to
night over Wa hi ngton, Oregon aud Idaho. Heavy
rain has fallen over the entire northern ha f of the
Pacific Slope, a companied by high southerly
winds. The pressure has fallen rapidly over lie
northwestern portion of the United i-ta;ei during
the past twenty-four hours. Over tiie Upper Mis
souri Valley this fail has amounted to half an
inch.
The temperature has risen over the en ire coun
try west of the Kooky Mountains with the excep
tion of the Sacramento Valley and the southern
coast of California, over Northern Nevada tu»re
has been a rite of 12 deg. in twenl>-four hours.
The following maximum wind velocities are re
ported:
I.FortCanby 60 mile* per hour from the south,
Portland 48 south, Spokane 'JS south.
Information signal is displayed at Kureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight November 14, 1896:
Northern California lncreasing cloudiness with
rain in the northern portion Saturday: fresh south
erly win :-..
south m California— Fair Saturday; light south
westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather with rain Saturday in
the northern por.ion.
Utah — Fair Saturday, becoming threatening Sat
urday night.
Arizo — Cloudy in northern portion Saturday,
fair where.
San Francisco and vicinity— lncreasing clou di
ness and probably rain Saturday; fresh southerly
winds. Alexander v. Mca die.
Local Forecast Official.
NJJW lORK MARKETS.
I- iuanciul.
»-jrv YORK. N. V., Nov. I —The movements
at the Stock Exchange to-day were errat c and the
volume of business showed an increase, sa cs ag- ;
gregating 334,44 .' shares against 291,156 yester
day. The grea. disturbing factor was the rumors
of impending trouble between this country and
Spain over the Cuban question, and while nothing
definite developed up to the close of the exchange
they tencea to Keep specuation unsettled. After
fractional advances at the opening prices cave
way 2to a per cent, the latter in snear. which,
under heavy pressure to se:l, dropped from 122 to
119* r
The Grangers, Chicago Gas, Northern Pacific.
General h h» trie ana .western Union were also no- :
tice: b y weak. Am ng the specialties American
Srlri a (referred, which had advari ed a point to
33 broite to 1884, the sharp decline being due in
part to the execution of stop orders. On denials
from Wash. of the rumors current early iv
the da • the market rallied 214 for a rr.erican Spir
its preferred, 1 ■* for Sugar and 14 to a per cent for
the other leading shares. United States Corda.e
stocks also developed buoyancy and rose from -vi
to bi/4 per cent. :*
!-■. tcu ation then q ie - ed down and toward' the
close m os of the advance was lost. Finally, how
ever, -there was a rally of y to Va per cent.
Among the stocks not already men io .eJ >i'an
ha tan dropped 2y 8 10 69yg and rallied to 1 0
Pacific .Mall fell . V 2 to 2 , ai.d later rose to 25%.
LacleJe Gas common rose from i27Vfe to 29f4 afl-r
a SV4 per cent div.dend was declared on the pre
ferred stocks. The ligh. receipts In the Northwest
operated against the granger group, .-peculation
left of! barely weak in tone. ; Net changes show
losses of l/i@.7/ 8 per cent, Sugar eadlng. In the
specialties, .National Starch second preferred
lumped 4V2- . v,\ ■
l'ailwa and miscellaneous bonds were easy
the transactions amounting to $2,855,000 Aichi- '
son adjustment fours fell 18/ 8 ; Housio 1 and Texas
Central general fours, 1: Kwnsas and Texas sec
ond , 1: Mahoning Coal fives, 2y~: Oregon Im
prove ent consul fives. 11&; Reading first pre
ferred, 34: do thirds, V«: Bau Antonio and Aran
sas lass 1011 1: Texas Pacific seconds. \i, and
Wabash seconds. %. American Spirits firsts' rose
% to 78 and dec ined to 75 Vg.
. Government bonds $10,000 coup fives brought
112% and $5000 registered twos 96. , "5
Grain.'
FLOUR— Firm, held hi .her. checking business:
winter 'heat, -low gradis, ?-' \t!@'A 5; fair to
fancy,. $3 V6@4 55 patents, $4 st@4 9-; Minne
sota clear, »3 40@4 16; strai^i ts, 43 {/o@4 75
-patents. S3 85@J 10; low extras. S2 fcO@3 26
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WH6£LOCK & CO.,
4 LeldesdorfT St. Tel. Main 1954.
.„„ . "' branch OFFICE -'.".■ :/:-■ ■ ..
C 23 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel. Main : 6828.
V PURDY *' ATKINSON* Manager*. 1
Orders instantly executed on latest ■ market quo-
chRISS: Re &X7tlsWl« *■£& kiL •■
W. A CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARK. TS. SEWIttBILSTOtIg.
Fast Wire K;ist. Uiiequuled Service
BTKICTLV ComSils!sloN
.Private and Blink references quoted on application
? . c f» 328 Montgomery St.. Safe De( ositßld
lei. Main 1731. Private Parlor for Ladies
-city mill, $-1 4005 90: patents. $5 s'.'@s 75; rye
mixtures, $3 9 (S3 75: superfine, $2 40i'gi3 fine.
$lMl@jm >.»(iihern flour, firm: con raon to
fair extra, 93 85@3 45; good to choice do. $3 45
@3 60. Rye flour, lirmer, quiet, at $3@3 25. .
COKNMKAL— Quieit swady. Yello» Western,
*1 90@2 10. ,
i: Vt- Dull. Western, 43iAc. C. I. f. Buffalo.
BAULK V— Firm 29c c. 1. f. Buffalo.
WHEAT— DuII, firmer; f. o. a. 97c; ungraded
red, 87©97 c: -\o. 1 .Northern. 9-Vic
Options opened excited and firm, advancing 3(S>
l%c on firm, r cables, foreign nuylnc, bulllsn
West and local coverins. declined 13/i(.s2c 00 free
liqiiidali >v, railieil l/ifc3/ B e, bot cio»>-d unsettled
at Vb c over yes:ertlay to ■ i e decline, with trading
active. May and December most, active. m
•I red, January, 90i/4c: March. H'-^ic: May,
89Vi<-" November, 88c. De< ember, 69c.
CuKX- More active, weaker. No. 2. 31% c ele
valor; S2@a2Vic afloat.
Options »vii an r weak at ViCiii 3 Ac decline. May
and December only traded in. .November, 30% c:
December, .16/B'.'; May, 34 % c.
(•AT — . asi<r.
Options dull, weaker. December, 23%?; May,
26% c.
.-pot prices: No. 2. 26c; No. 2 white. L^VaC:
No. 2 Chicago, 24^,jjc: No. ::. 21c; No. 3 MUM,
23V 9 c: mixea Western, 22%@-4V 3 c; white State
and Western, 24(532c.
. J'rovlslons..
LAl'.n-Easier, quiet:' Western steam. $4 50;
city. *4 20: I>ecemb>-r. Si 45, nominal. Kenned,
dull: Contlnentnl. 85; south American, $5 25:
compound, 45/J)@-:%c.
- PORK— DuI . steady: new mess, 58 50@9.
i-LliKi.— Fancy, firmer: Western dairy. 8@
13c; do creMiiery, i;-1(a,21c: do factory, 7@l-c:
tisins. 20V«@.lc: imitation creamery, 10V2@14c.
CliKt--K— vVeak; pan skims. i>Vi£ a3 .4 i : lull
Bklms, •Ji/ 2 (c,-fiv.
EGGS— Moderate demand: icehouse. ltiV2@lßc:
Western iresh. 21®24c; do case, $2 Do©s .0.
Southern, 21@2'^c: limed. 16i£'<Sl6c.
TALLuW— Firm, quii?t; city, 3%c bid; coan
try. 3y 2 33% c.
COTTON SEKD OlL— Slow, steady; crude, 22c;
yellow prim*', 2Bc
RlCE— firm, unchanged
Miii.ASbtb- Firm, fair demand; New Orleans,
25@:-sc,
FLAXSEE D— Unchanged.
Ol' *EK— Barely steady, 10 to 15 points down.
November, 59 85: December. $9 6l@y 65: Jan
uary, SO 65: March, $9 55@9 70: April, $9 55©
9 63: May. *9 6L.(£9 70: August, 49 75(a.9 85: Sep
tember, $9 70(a9 80. Spot Kio. dull, easy; Na 7.
10% c
bUGAK-Qulet, steady; a. 4i,%@4V4c: mold A,
43 /4 c: standurd A, 4Vi>c; confectioners' A, 4S/ 8 c;
loaf and crushed, 1 , *"•: powueerd, 4%c; gr»nu
lated, 41, 2 c: cubes, 4c.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 9@llc
}| J\Clii->- Pee'u-,i 180 ISC! unp«»<»lP(l, 709 c.
PRUNJES— Fonrsixes, nominal sV'B@si4c.
RAISINS — Boxes, 2-crown, 4340. do 3-crown.
5%c; do4-crowu. 6%i • London layers, old, $1 20.$
1 .5: new, $1 50@l o5; clusters, $1 600.2.
llL'r > > — Firm; lair demand; Pacinc toast,
B@lo%c.
Wuu^-Flrm. Domestic fleece, 16@23c: pulled,
18@31c; Texas, B@lßc,
Merchandise.
rjr.ißON-Firm. American. *ll@ - &
COPPEB-Strong. Lskp. fll 25
1> A 1 —Firm. Domestic. ra 90(a 2 92%.
TlN— Straits, *13©13 10: plates, firm.
bPELTEK— stronger. Domestic, $4 16@4 25.
CHICAGO 3IAKKKTS.
rnrCAno, li.t.'. Nov. 13.— elevator people
were liberal sellers of May wheat th!« morning,
and for an hour after the opeuin? 1 here was a nar
rowing of the d.ffe.niC- between that month and
the December. The market took the wheat well
for a time and held the opening advance of i.-j.<- to
%c with varying firmness. The s.renic-h on
• hich gain was maae at the opening came from
Liverpool, where an advance of Id was estab-
l ished. Receipts continue light, only 49 cars ar
! riving at Chic, go this morning. The Northwest
had 454 cars, agains. 684 last Friday and 10.5 a
1 year : to. l.oc il inspections from store amounted
i to 57,754 bushels.
i Closing Paris and Berlin cables were higher, and
. An werp was unchanged. Liverpool r corded an
I additional %d pain at the- close. Kxport clear
ances were good at 496,318 bushels. The ast half
; hour's trailing was attended by great Ve«kness,
I prices slum, ing In within five minutes, but re
' covering ha. f the loss Cefore the close. realm ag
and weakness in the Northwestern markets ex-
I plained the situaiion. December wheat opened
j from 81i/2 c to hl^4i-, sold between 8 %c and
79V&C. c oslns: at 80VsC. B/ a c under yesterdny. Ks
■ timated receipts ft r to-morrow 67 cars. N*o. 2 red
; spot wheat ranged from 861,3 10 h9%, closing
' about 87V (a«8V8
; COR —vi. played Its individual weakness by
j falling to retain the fractional improvement de
-1 rived from wneat at the opening. Ihe corn crowd
! believes that it is a waste of time ar.d money 10
! attempt a serious boom in tbe 1 rices 01 this strain
under the exist. enormous supplies. Liverpool
cables this morning were stea.y to i.^rl low r.
I Kecelpts were 182 tars and 123,170 oubhe s were
taken from store. Export c eurunces amonn ed
1 to 537 076 bushels. May corn opened from *.;9iA(a
I B e, ilei li.ied to -'8V 2 c, closing at -><V2(ai-.hV 2 (ai-.h^ B e.
SyBC under yesterday. Estimated receipts tor to
j morrow. 203 car*.
! 'ATS- The oats market was a counterpart of
I that of corn, prices showing a moderate improve-
I ment a: the op-niutr, b .t through absen.e of inde
i pendent merit receding later. Kec.-lj.ts were J. 0
' cars. There were no withdrawals trorn store.
I May oats closed V*fS%s under yesterday. Esti
i mate 1 receipts tor 10-iii. rrow .00 cars
i FLAX-Was steady. Cash. 2 @Soc; De-
I cember. 79@.9Vac: May, 83^@8oc. Keceip a
j were 47 cats
I'ItOVJSIONS— With an advance in prices of
1 live hogs and an Up turn in wheat, product found
encouragement «*arly, but as the grain markets
J fated to bold, thi-t market through sympath •
, Ilk wise los: ground. January pork closed 10(^
. 121/ i.c lower aud January lurd end ribs each 5c
I lower.
r.ITTKR- The butter market was firm to-day.
I Offerings wire light and the demand good.
creameries— Extras. 19% c y Ib: firsts. 17®18c;
tecouus, l:-iCc>lt>C; Imitations, fancy, 12@14c.
Dairies— Extras, l7c: firsts, 135,10 c: seconds. 10@
12c. Ladles — Extras. lU^llc; firsts, B^8V«»»:;
packing nock. «@!*i^C: grease, 2V«2@3c: roll
butter, Ilfa.l2c.
K<;GS— market «as firm. Fresh stock was
wanted, but was very scarce. Prices were un-
I changed. Fr sh stock, 20c per dozen.
I .M'i.\EY- Was steady, at 7 per cent for all
classes of loans. Sew York exchange sola at 90c
premium-
Closing Prices.
wr»r at— November, 7fcß-3o; December, 80V«c-
May, 83% c vo .
< uKN— November, •-s@2sygS; December, 253,'.
@25V2C: May. VB^iS2BVBC. ™
va-i: — Novnn er. '&ty B :- December, i9J,'c-
May, 22 V2@228/s- :•- -'■
Ma;-;« 8 — December, $tJ 95: January. «7 95:
..1...— December, $4 10: January, $4 20:
May, $4 62%. •
. ..a— December, 85; January, $3 95: May,
$4 15.
livestock.
UNION PTOCKYARDS. li.t.. Nov. 13.-There I
was a fair or cattle to-day, and the demand !
was active. Frit es were firm 10 10c higher. The
bog market was firm to 5c higher. Receipts were j
moderate and the demand good. Th- sheep and
lamb market was 1 asier and 1 @26c lower. Offer
ings were some. v hat in excess 01 the wants.
■ CATIi-t-i.eceiDtv 6000. tancv breves, 85 20
@5 30: choice 10 Drime 1300 to 1700 &> steers.
i •4 MK<£s 15; good to choice steers. 1250 to 1475 a
1 4 40r«4 75; medium steers. 1200 to 1400 tb. $4 10
<M 35: lair beef steers. 1000 to l:-iOO lbs. S'albid
4 00; corruion beef steers. 83 50te3 75; good to
choice stockers and feeders, 900 to 125U tt>, »3 .. 044
4 10: fair to tood do. 600 to 875 Ib- 82 9Wd>
8 60: bulls, choice 10 extra, $3 10@3 75: bulls
poor to choice. $2 00@3 00: cows ana helfer«
cnolr-e to prime. S3 50ia4 15; cows, lair to choice'
*•-' 25@3 40: .ows, common to fair canners. si 80
@*J25; calves, good -10 choice. 85 LUia-B 00;
calves, common to good. S3 50 ,5 40: "Texas
Bteers, *3 00@4 '-'5: Western range, steers, S;« V 5
(CJ)4 25: Western range cows ana helors. $2 50
■a.; 60; milkers and springers, i) head. k '2b(&iO.
Jtiuii! — Keceipis. •-9.00 a Heavy pacsln* ana
fMpjiin- lots. $3 25, a 3 tiO: common 10 choice
mixed, S3 3i)'a.A 05: choice assorted. Co (iO(d
. 60. llfh:. 13 30^3 60: pics. *- 611*3 55
-■ t-HKEP— luceipis. 11.000. iDiuriar 10 . choice,
~2(J0@3 bO lauibs, **(a,b 25.
Receipts at Omaha.
SOUTH OMAHA. 'Nebr.. Nov. 13— HOGS—
Receipts. 3900. Market strong to 5c higher; no
lights. Light and mixed, S3 2L(0,.l 40: heavy
$3 loaa 35. '
CATTI.I -Receipts, 1200. Market active, firm;
feeders easier, . steers. »3 25@4 45; cows. *1 2 6(&
3 40; teeaers. $2 75C£3 76.
811 EEP— Receipts, 14.10. Market nrm. West
ern sheep. S3 : lam bs, $4,
Receipt* at Kanaaa dry.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. Nov. .13— HOGS— Re
ceipt*, 11.000. Market rlrm. .Lieht. $3 25: me
.Hum. $< vs®B 37y a ; heavy. $3 20® a 35; pigs.
5310&3 25.V. "I--; . ■
CA 1 ILK— Receint*. 6000. Market act Iv. Xll
t.ve steers, bent. Si 30®4 85: fair to good, S3 10
@4 30; cows and heifers, best, $2 90(g).i M); far
10 ood. $1 75(^2 90; bulls, *1 75@2 SO; atockers
and feeders, $z Our<as 75; Texas and Western
$2 50@3 95: calves, S3S9. western.
SHEEP— Market firm.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK. X. V.. Nov. 13.-R. o. Dun 4 Co.
Will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
No one now doubts that a brighter day is dawning
aid U is a common remark that never before bas
business shown so grea. a change for the better
within a single week. Dispatc.ies telling of about
&00 works which have opened or materially en
larged their forces give only a partial report, for
throughout the country tbe gidn has been turpr.s
ing, even io the most hopeful. Foreign need of
American wh- at continues an important factor
und th*- prl.e went to 88 cen s. gaining 6 cen s for
one week, 10 cents for two weeks and 24 cents
sice earlyl Sept. mber. Th- price Is the hl K h
es since Jane, 1892. Western rec-lpts were oniv
4.494.w33 tiinhHs. ..gainst 8,202.86* bushels last
ye r but he el ctio 1 cut iff much work dur.ne
n.editys in which these receipts were started to
market.
Many tex'lle works have been started or In
creased In lorce. many on orders booked weeks
ago. but tuere has out been much ii.crea.s la the
demai.d. Af er purchases of 4H,G0i).000 pounds
of wool in five weeks the tmiisac tions fell to
6 24'., (00 puuuds la-t week, but prices were
Btrougand in some grades lc higher, and even
giea'.cr advance is demanded at the \\ crt, while
foreign m rke.s are higher and Australian fu'ly
lc ft pound up. The market for cotton goods Is
not vet iic;lve, but more liberal estimates of the
cotton crop are ten-rally credited, causing l/« or a
cent decline to H cents, Ihe output ot Iron fur
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, IS9R.
naes in bast : November 1 was 124,077 torn
weekly, having been Increased 22.295 tons.' or 10
percent In U-e 1 utter part oi Ociuou. by confi
dence In the future.
A'l tne ruarxrls were stronger, although lh<
enormous purchased of pig iron In advance of
needs canes comparative Inactivity at pre enr.
1' sand steel -bar* arc- $1 to f3 per ton higher.
and sheets in better demand.: Anthracite and
bessemer pig have advanced a shade and tne aver
age of prices is 2 Vie higher. Th" billet pool is in
protracted n eenn i hen- this weeic to aeclde upon
| its course, and is s'.lil undersold. The Beam, Bar.
I Hail ad Wire-nail associations meet this week.
and the underselling < f win* nails by outsiders has
[ gone so fur that ;• line of 45ci* openly quoted.
; It is noteworthy that the prevailing expectation,
! no. withstanding th" general Improvement i i busi
: ness, is that some if not all of these combinations
I will decide to reduce prices. 7 '
The coke combination, it now appears, had not
prevented large comrnc:s for future delivery at
I less tnau *2, its fixed price, and even less than
I $175, but the output la wecc tlecrrased. A
i heavy sale of cornier to foreigner*, said to cover
£10 000, toy. has raised the price to 1 . Vs 1 '- and tin
actually sells at 1. c, though less is quoted.
Tue change in the -moiiev market s striking.
Instead of $M.i 00 000 coin? out to Hie interior as
beiore, $50J.0J0 has come In this
week. ■ Instead :.of~ 80c .discount •• New
i York exchange us Chicago Is at 70c
| premium. Instead of merchants and manufactur
i ers vainly limiting lenders, oanks .ir.- hunting for
I more commercial paper. Commercial rates are
! down to 5 per cent on boat pijv-r. foreign cx
i change is higher owing to sales I S?4,i>U .UjO Gov
| ernment bonds taken by the Bank or i'.ujrland a*
! a member of the syndicate IS lb9J,io payments of
O'.O UUO x erilng lo;»ns and to foreign realizing
: on i2,Ouu,oUo of s curities. but «11 these are in
! effect taking pronis tat confidence in American
| honor.
Failures for. the week have been 278 In the
United states, against -83 last year and forty-six
in Canada against forty- nine last year.
BANK CLI.AKIXGS,
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 13.— Bank clearinz
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
November 12, with compunsous, &a telegrapned to
Brad street's:
Percentage
CrrrES. Amount. Inc. Dec
New York.... 9710.20».338 9.2
Boston 105.U)5,6t;0 6.0
Chicago '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.. M.5JJ7.7H6 8.9
Philadelphia 6.<,70/.v!03 21.6
St. L0ui5....... 24,762,111 12.3
Tittsburg. 13.928.6.<9 6.7
San Francisco 18.- 0».7.i8 '...... 6.0
Baltimore, 1ti.104.350 11.9 ......
Cincinnati 11, 600 13.4
KansesClty ' 10.-0,891 11.3
New Orleans 10,9!59,325 18.(5
Minneapolis 12..:;vitfwu 14.0
Omaha.. :.... 3^01.121 10.1
Denver 2,557,857 17.4
Los Anireles 1,.»j7.613 , 10.l
Portland, Or 1.87V.5M 50.8 .....
Salt Lake 1,448,-53 17.2
Helena 638,05n . 2.6
Tacoma 574,0 ,0 3.4
Seattle 618.212 9.3
bpokane . ■ 757,592. 75.6
Totals U. 8 $1,191,117,147 1.1
Outside ot New- YorK
City 481,047.809 9.0
i'«i>llN7i>N OK CANA!i\.
Total $26,008,260 2.7
NEW \Ol;K STOCKS.
Bonds. . Exchange, Money, and Ilnlironcl
Share*.
Money on call 304?; last loan at 4% and closing
offered at 4£- Irime mercantile paper. 5c6
lar silver, t4^4C. Mexican i:ni.«rs, 60V31.*
5114 c Sterling r.ich»mf easier, with actual
business 111 cankers' bills at a 4 82(24 821/1 for
60 cays and $4 t6%@4 sSR/ 4 tor demand. Posted
rates. $4 b2 V a @4 86V«- Commercial bills, *4 80@
4 gl^>. Government, bonds lirni: state , bonds
dull: Railroad Donas weak. Ui.ver at the board
steadier.
, rT »i* Cubic- . «8M« Norfolk *. Wi^trn 12V4
Aichlson 1 6 % Preferred. 181/,
A Preferred ,26% .NortbernPaclfla.- lb|'s
Adams Kxpress..- 160 j Preferred. *6;» 8 |
Alton. Terre Haute 6ts Northwestern 10i.i/ 4 |
American Kxpressll2 ; Preferred.. 148
AmerlcanTouacco. 83 ' S.V. Central BSVa |
Preferred.... 101*6 N.Y.,ChicagoAS.l. 13
TnyStateOas 1033* Ist preferred..... 75
I-aitlmorc <fc Ohio . 17 Id preferred...... 19
trnnswlck Lands.. lviiN. Y.&N.H 181
J-uftHlo, Hocb c*. li N. V. &New Knj. 43»4
Canada Pacitic. 6*6 * N. V.. Kusq <* W... 3i' :4 /i
Canada southera . 49VJ 1 Preferred. 28^
Canton Land.. 60%!0nuno 9
I t-ntral Pacific *<* Ontario A Western 16
t'faes. tfc Ohio Oregon Improvmas -
li.icaso Alton. 160 Pre:err-d — —
{erred .. «J6 Oregon Navigation -1
Chicnco. B. Q o. '1/8 Oregon Short tans. 16V3
Chlcaco&E. 1U... *» laciflc Ma 11.......; 26Va
Preferred. 95 reoria. D. & Evans 3
Chicago Gas.. .. "<l\i Pittsour? * W. pfd 15
Ueve A Pittsbnr^.. I«'2 Pullman Palace....
Consolidation CoaL 34 Quicksilver. Ji . -
Consolidated Uaa..l«>^% Preserred. I<>
C. C. C. <tSL LouU 32 Beaflinc..... 3U V»
Preferred . 84Vaj hloGrande&Wessn lo
Colo. Fuel 4. iron.. 2, .«&! Preferr«d. . ....... 40
Preferred.' 70 Hock Island.:. «'-%
ColionOliCen .... 16V4 KomaWat&Ostaen. 119 ,
Commercial Cable. 1-5 M. L. &S. W 5y 8
Dei. Hudson- ..li7%| Preferred 11 ■ -
Cel.Laclc^Westrn.lsß BL Paul 77%
Denver B. l^ B /i Preferred. 129
Preferred. 45 1 tt. Paul A. Dulnta. 20
ElsUllers..... Preierred 80
bcnerai Klecurlo... 33Vs'Si. Paul <t Oman*. ■*-*/«
trie. 16%' Preferred. 123
1-refirrVa 38^! M. P. M. M...... UO
lon Wayne. lt>2 1 Ml ver Certificates. 84%
treat Northern pro 1 lei couthern Paclno... 16
(>reen iiay Va Southern K. U 10%
li;,rlem ... ....278 1 Preierred.. 3i!Vs
Hocking Coal — fcn par Refinery ....119^'g
Hocklnic Valley.... 3 /ii Prelerred. 10-
JJomestake. ... S4i /2 lenn. Coal & lroa. 30%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred..."...... to
Illinois Central..... a 5a 5 Texas Pacific 10%
lowa Central /4 lol.A.A.dtN.Mica.
Preferred. ' ... 31 i"1 01. & Ohio cent . 20
Enr.sas& Texas... 14% i Preferred. 60
Preferred 2B» /4 Tol.St-Loals&K.C. - 6 .
Kingston Pern... 3 Preterred. _ 15
Lane Brie &Wescn 19 Colon Paclno H
Preferred. 72 L". P. Den <fc Uolf.. 3' 2
l^kesnore 152 L". b. Coraas* - *> 3/43 /4
National Lead 26% Preferred. 13
Preferred........ 90V2 Guaranteed.. £6
Long 151 and........ 64 IL. S. Express — 46
Louisville & Nasti. 61%| L• X Leather. ...» 11
Louisville N ajc jh ./ a Preferred. 67V*
referred. .. . 3 L". h. Rubber. ..... 25
Manhattan Consot. 99%| Preferred. 80%
Memphis* Criar.*. 15 I Vtica AH. River • 160
Mexican Central.:. 8^; SS ab. s. L. «t Pao . 7%
Mlchlga-i Central.. 90 j referred........ l7 7 /s
Alinn<kß.L. — I Wells-Farco. 66
Preierred.... — Western Union . . 87%
Minn <& St. L com. laVb! Wisconsin Central. 3*-i
Jet preferred 7«iVa Wheeling &L.is ■ B*/*
2<l preferred 47 ; Preferred......... 34
Missouri Pacifio.... 24«vs Am Cotton OtlpU. 67.4
Mobile & Ohio 22V a W. t>. Beef 7V4
J»oshvillo & Chatt. t'V2 Ann Arbor - IOV2
Rational Unseed.. 16 i Preferred... -24%
>■ J. Central....... trookljrniraouou. 2:%
m«cu> aiuujuii,.. j'. r.nu .a t.ia m
rir>«i>« bovdi
AlaClaM A*5.....101 Northern Pac Ist*. 115
Do Class 84, 65.. 101 D02d5.... .116 i
Alabama, i-ius4 C 94 ' DoSds.. . ~~'--i
Atcnison4« 7»%! Do consdl"6s!*!'.' 66V4
Do2ds A... ..... 4 olmprovement Ist HO
Canada South Do 6s ... 20
Cm Pac lstsof '91. 100 I » It & N ii Btk'8 tk' 109 Vi
Cherokee 4s, 18»tJ. 10 1V 4 1 o :rn«ol 55!"... 90
Do Orshort Line 6a... 110%
\>o 1898 10U/4 D0c0n^65.. ...... 68
Do 1899 10 ; V«. rsciflc «is of '97. ...
1 *uhio 08....1073/,, .• hilaA eadlnz 4s. 81
i V"*! 11 " 1 '' 11 "* 0 " 4f)i/ai Do Ist j.fd lncam. «8%
i DC3-655...... 109 V* 1 GrandeWest lsn 75
, Lcn&KUlst 1101^, hlL&lronMtGen si tO
: Do «5... .....; 89%: M L&SF Gen di. 109
£r.'i <1 . !l - ..-.'...... "6.» Vi fct Paul Consols..:. 131)
i-tNV&OenCitylsts 02 MPC &Pa Ists..: 116%'
! i,i a r A6> 91 to Carolina 4Vis...loiVa
' D02d75..........1U0 fcouibernKßSs... 92
1 Hen * :iec Debbs... 94 Do Pac Cal 1 sis 107
1 H * lex Cent, 65.. 110 T»nn new 8s .. . 8)
Doconßs.... Texas Pacific Ism. : 88 • .
Cen.ral Ist, . 99 1 exas Pacinc 2ds. . 2/%
Kansas Pa consols 70 i Union Pac lsts 102 V*
kbi» j»ui mviO2 I t4s regof iaas.l2o
la Consol 45....... 94 to 4s, coupon... 1 19%
m iMourilundlnt..— |- P «»..r»<r of 1907. 1 09
t£ . 24 *-- .. 60 ' Do 4«. coupon.... 109 Vi
n.^n 4 "---- —■• 85VB| J«2s '95
JMoMIr <&Onlo«s.. 69. Dt65....' ..;H2VI
Mutual union 1n... 106 i J 06s. coupon.. 1 1
v a-^fP 6 6!t...U8V a | \ % Jundlnadctit... 61»/I
v *,**"' ljOals 41103%! 1 oreßlstered.....
NorAUest Uen 65.115 j 1 * deferred tts 5
A*!?" lD * con **■• »5 I Ijo trust rcpia it. 6V-.
- 1)0 «».... ......... 114 Wabaan UtE 106
" Ulw consols. 140 V\ tat snow *». i.l/ 5
m ueu 65........x04V<j
l OBKIGA 3! AKKKT i.
WHKAT EM LIVKnPOOI,
J.TVF.RPOOU Km, Nov. 13 — .he spot market
is firmer at 7s 7d@7s 9d. Cargoed quiet at 36s 9d
sellers, prompt shipment.
1 ho I rodncp ?:xchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotation!* for No. 2 'Rod Winter. .No
vember. 7s 2d: December, 7s 2d: January 7«
2d: February, 7a 2J ; March, 7s 2y 4 i. ,
" 6KCCBITIKS.
LONDON. Ess.. ' Nov. 18— Consols. 110%;
silver, 2913- 16 d: French I entes. 102f 72% c.
i.\< HAM.s. AM> BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... '• '»_ S4 83
Sterling > xcn*nge, sight... .. .'."." _ 4 t-6
Sterling Cables...... ' ' _ 487'
.New York Exchange, sight..-....".'." '— Par'
New York Kxchange, tele,raDhic . — "»•'■ ■ 05
Fine silver, »i ounce. ... — , . a*/.
Mwxitaa D01iaru ;...... '" .61 Vi t2
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AM; O1HJKI: GKAINS.
WHEAT— The Aibyn takes for Cork 72,666 ctls
Talned at $108,684.
■ Fiuciiiatinc quotations « from s Chicago unsettled
the local market and luiures bobbed about, as will
be seen.' May Wheat touched $1 e3i^, the highest
price yet, and December $1 b7V 4 . but both option*
fell b&ct. again. i»pot Wheat wan firm at $1 4.®
J 47 V 2V 2 for common grades, $1 60@l 65 for aver
age >0.1,51-6oV4'for-cboice and *1 67i«®i to
lor extra choice lor milling.' •>. -
CALI. WIAKP BALKS.
. JNrnmiAi. 9:16 o'clock— Slav— 2000
cils, $1 60: 2000, $1 60S/ :-4foo,'Sl 60iA; 2000
«l 60%; 2000, *1 6.%: 60L0; 81 «1; 2 00,'
Si 61 V*: -000. si 61*, 10.000, Si 61%; vo.oou
SI « i Vaii *00. : «1 6-': - ; 8000. :■ SI 6*%; . 4000 '
SI 821/4: .> 000. $1 6i8 /4: 4000, SI 03: '.'6 ui»o
•1 6»y 4 ; 20,000, SI 6*Vi; 12,000, SI 63% De
• eocbPr-SOOO. $1 56W: J6.000, 81 565%: 8000.
91 57; 2000.91 57%: «000. 91 b7Vv
-Kco.vi. nmiok — May— « Woo cils. 9163%:
6000, $1 B; s/ 8 ; 6000, *1 6. Vi;^2lOo. SI 63;
6000, *i t.-.5/ b : io.ooo, «i (!-V«; 4000. 91:.62(ft;
.40.0, $1 6'i34 ; 6000, $1 621,4. December -2000,
*1 ' 57. * ■  ■.■-■■■■.
Kkgulab JIOHNISB SKSSION-Ma. -10.000
$161; 22,000, a 160SA: 600». $1 60%: 2000,
$1 « /4: 4000, $1 t>2; 14,000. *1 61S/ : 6000,
51 61%; 20U0, $1 Bj&s; IO.uOO. $1 61V»: 1O."«".
*1 618/ 8 . D?cember-200U. si 56: 18,000; 81 66%.
Aftkkxook SESSION"— May— CtlS. fl t"^:
40(J(). $1 Gl% ; 2000. 91 613/.; 12.000. »161%:
24,000, $1 l 13 /4 . December-2Joo,slttbVi; 10,000,
♦1 OB 3 /4. - -
BAHi^CY— seems to be rather flrrrer We
quote Feed, 80@8H3ac *> ctl; choice bright, 86c;
Brewing. 87y (g.9:iVic: Na 1 CheVHlier, $I@l 10.
. . (AM. BOARD BALKS.
Informal Skksioj.-— o'clock -No sa'es-
Second skssiun— Ma.v-2000ct15,96%c; 400 a
86Vic: 4000, 9554 c: 'iOOO, c J5Vac; 2000, 9514 c,
Dei ember— 8000, 88r.
Regulab MOB.NI.NO Bb»sio»— May- 6000 CtlS,
9&i/4(. J>eonn ie r-16.000, 8l«c.
oAf, TK ? XOON " feKSsiosf-May-2000 ctls, 95VsC:
2 H oo ~''* c - D «c«>niber-4000, 88c.
OAT — Prices creep up slowly, but trade Is dul.
White rang- from $1 10 :o $1 -0 % ctl. according
to quality. Black,. lor feed, 80c®$l 05: for seed,
$1 2t>@l :-5: uray. nominal; Hed, $l@l 10: Sur
prise, nominal. • , . * ■ ■••
■ COK.N— Continued imports of Large '• ellow from
the Fast -have begun to weaken thi< description,
small Itoumi Yellow is scarce and higher. Lar-.e
bellow, 2 ' < tPOc: ! Small Kound uo. *1 O'.'Vs®
1 07% V ctl; White, 85@90c. . - ~' ■
li\ i^— Firm, but rather quiet at *1 07i/ @l 10
BUCKWHEAT— $1 25@135 0 ctL
HOUR AM» MtLLSTDFFS.
FLOUR— The market Is stiff at the advance.
The China steamer took out 6e50 bb'.s. Net cash
prlc«s are a-, follows: Family : extras. 95&5 10;
Bakers' extras, $4 Poigi6; superfine, *4 15@4 50
' CORNiIE AL, ETC.— Feed Corn. 920@21 W ton:
Cracked corn, $20 60@21 50 V ton.
JIILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour, 92 85
¥ 100 lbs; Rye Flour, *'_> 75 %* 100 lbs: Rice Flour,
*5.-5 Comment, 92 35; extra cream do, 93:
Oatmeal, $3 60: Oat Groats, $4: Hominy, «3 10
©3 SO; .Buckwheat Flour, £3 26(f1,3 60: Cracked
hear. 93 60: Farina, 94; Whole Wheat Flour,
$.•>: _ Kolleu oats (bbls), $5 7?.@6 15; Pearl Barley.
93 75@»; |spi U i-ras, o 50 . Green do. $4 25 Hi
lUO Itta. ;
HAY AXI) FELDSTUFFS-
Bran aud Middlings are 60c higher. No change
In Hay.
' BKAN-sU@l4 50 for th» best and 913@1S 50
IS ton for outside brands.
MIDDLINGS— $IS@l 9 for lower grades, and
$19 50&20 50 ft ton tor the best.
FKi-.U.STUFKs— Rolled Barley. 91»«@19 * ton;
Oilcake .Meal st the mill. 923 * ton; Jobbing, 924;
clipped Oats, 51 30@l 35 V ctl.
HAY'— Wheat. S8@ll: Wheat and Oat. 97®
10 60; Oat, $6@9; Barley. $7CaB 50: River Bar
ley, 95@6 60: Alfalfa, $5 50r<£6 50: comprossed, $6
@9 60; M.ock. $5«t6: Cloverr*6a» 'i» ton.
sTKAW-35@J0i * bale.
BEAN'S AND SEKDS.
BEANS— The demand has ceased and the mar
ket has slumped, almost all staple descriptions
being lower. Bayos alone are firm at 91 36(g,l 50;
Small Whites. $1 20&1 35: Large Whites, *1 20
®1 30: Pinks, 9l@i Ib: Reds. *1 '.Ofdll 25: Black
eye. *1 25©1 35; Red Kidney, 92 60@2 75: Limas,
91 80@2; Butters, »1 4001 76; Pea, XI 40@l bo
CtL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at 92 76
?3 '$ ctl: Yellow Mustard, 92 1002 25 * ctl:
lax, $1 8019,1 40 3 ctl: Canary Seed. S%#2a4a
t* Ib: Alfalfa. 6%@6%c; Rape, 2%c; Hemp. B%c.
liHli'.D PKas— Nues. #I®l la «-. ctl; Green,
$1 40@l 60 * ctL
POTATOKS, ONIONS, VEGETABLES
Sweet Potatoes. 76c<a$l ctl In
sacks and 75c($l 25 In boxes; Karly Kose, Ss@4Oc:
liurimnk Seedlings, 26®;*6c lor Rivers and 50@
06c f'. ell for Salinas.
UNIONS— Very steady at 25@35c f ctL Pickles,
"Js(g.3sc"osaclc.
Vf'.UKi'Aßl^ES—Marrowfat Squash is quotable
at $5<»7 ft ton: Keg Plant. 36@)4uc 's* bo:: Toma
toes, l.'uftOOc ft box: Cucumbers. as@Soc 9 box:
Green Peppers. ?o®soc "^ large box: Dried Pep
pers, 7©Sc f» 1b; Green Peas, 4c f Ib: string
Beans. s(^6c: Llmas, »1 2601 60 V sk : Ureen ukra,
3&<a;4Uc *» oox; Dried Ukra, lOftul-Vs'' f* tt>; *-'«>•
ba«e. 40c r ctl; Currots. JSU&4UC V sack: uarlic,
l^aK'Jcijtia. • ■>■...'„
1.111KI!, tWEJtSE AND KUCS.
Por
BUTTER— No change in the situation.' .
I rkamkry— Fancy, 24@25c, with sales at 26c:
seconds. *2&23 c ¥ Ib.
Dairy— Fane. 21 i/ 2 (a22Vic: good to choice, 20
@21c: lower grades, ii.©lßc %i ib.
Pickled— l 6@lßc y Ib.
FIKKIN — 15&17 cl* lb
C'BEAMEKY 1 ÜB-18@19c * ft.
CUKK-h.— The market con times firm, with
moderate slocks. Choice mild new, 9V-_>!S>loc
I*. Ib; common to good old, 6V2@9 C "f, &>: *. ream
Cheddar. 10@llc: Young America, 10@llc "ii Ib:
Western. lU(Oillc: l-.aj.tern. 11013 c%t Ib.
EGGS— The market continues linn. Eastern, 20
(&221&C p doz fur fair to choice; 24@2bc for fancy,
and ITi/aCalb^c :or cod-storage; ranch hggs. 26
(ji3Uc for pullets', 32Vijf*3oc lor sma.l 10 medium
and"S6@»t>c ior choice: cold-storage, 22^(&2ic:
Duck ttgs, -5c
I'OI'LTKY AND GAME.
TRY— Two can* of Eastern sold at 12c for
Turkeys, $5@5 50 for Hens. $4 5()@6 for young
Boosters. $4 2. @4 60 for old Roosters and f 3 2 6(0
3 7.. for Fryers. ■
The market ior California stock is in fair shape.
Live Turkeys, Ilal2c V lb for Gobblers,' 11
@12c f, Ib for Hens; Dressed Turkeys. 11-'®I 1 -'®
15c: Geese, V paired 25: Goslings, SI su«l 75;
Ducks. .* ■ 50@4 lor old and S3 50(54 60 for young;
liens. 541 C.5 "r* doz: >;ooi«iers. younp. 93 Mdi
4 10; do, od, $4®4 60: Fryers, $H 25Cd3 60:
Broilers. $3(53 50 tor arge and $- 60^)2-76 for
! small: I'ip-uns. $1 25@1 60 ~t> dozen tor young
I in,.: 7&c@fi for old.
GAMK-The market is firm. English Snipe, *2:
Ja k snipe, *1 V dozen; Hare, $1 doz: Rabbits,
SI 50 lor Cottontails and SI 26 for small: Gray
MUM, «2 50: White Geese, *J@l 25; Brant, $1 25
©1 75.
DKCIDUOUS AM) C Hi: Li 1 lit ITS.
PPCHARD FRUITS—
Pomegranates,' 50(V> 73c ft box.
r Apples, ,75t®$l %* box for choice, 36(g60c for
common.
Pear*. 25@05c V box: Winter Ncllls, 75c®Sl 25.
Persimmons, 50c@$l %* bx.
BEKRIK?«— I
ran berries from Cape Cod, f B@B 50 V bbl: from
Coos Bay. $2 60 > box.
.Strawberries, $ 304 for large berries.
Raspberries, $l(s7. , ■
tiUAl'r.b- continue weak and dull. Tokays, SO
IMOe: Black Grapes. 2t@loc %l box: Verdels, 30
(o-lUc- 31 box: Cornichons. 30(*40c: Muscat, 3;>:a»
60c: Grapes in crates bring 10(g)16c more than In
boxes.
Wine Grapes are almost cone and nominal.
CITRUS Klil'lTH— New California Navel Or
anges. 95; Seedlings, S3 «0 f* box; Lemons. 91®
1 60 * box fur common and $'J(3'<S 50 »>. tiox
for good to choice- 1 Mexican Limes. $3 60@4 60:
California l.imes. • 60@76c: Bananas. Sks>2 %>
bunch; Pineapples, 92&4 V dozen.
I . i; 1 I !> FRUITS, UAJJ*M3n» NUTS, ETC.
r RTKT) FRUITS*—
Quiet and unchanged. '■> ' ■ ' h
Cuotailous ou -itia Fruit Exchange areas fol
lows: . ' . '
Carload Lots— Apricots are auotabie at 6®
9c for Royals and HV4@l'-'c for choice
to fancy .Moorparks; Prunes, - SVic for the
4 sixes: Peaches. 4@5MiC for prime to choice. 6^£
@7c for fancy, anil 9@loc . for peeled in boxes:
Apples, 5%@6c -. for evaporated and v:i}2J^c
for sun-driei:; Pears, n(u,: c for prime to choice,
4(dsVsc for quarters and 6® 6Vz<° for halves: Plums,
4c lor pitted and lector unpttted; Nectarines,
SVi!®* for choice and 6%c tor lancy; White
Figs. Bo; Black Figs. 2iyi@2ViiC
-Jobbing I'rices — Peaches. 4V4@sVac V Ib;
fancy, 6J^@7Vic; * Ib: peeled. l2Vi»c t$ ft,;
Apricots. 6y a 'jsvc '& Ib: fancy. 10c: Moorparks. 12
<#13c; evaporated Apples, 6c: sun-dried,' 234Q
iic; Prunes. B%@4c tor tne 4 sizes: Figs, black,
3c for unpressed and S@3Vbc tor pressed: white
1-lgs, 4c: Plums. 4Vi@s c for pitted and ly 2 cforun
jiiited: Nectarines, 4ictic %* Ib fur prime ■to fancy:
Pears, 2y 2 %50 tor whole, 4Vi<a>sVa« loc Quarters
and 4%@6V*»cfor halves. -
B.M-IN^—
Carload Prices, f. o. b. Fresno— Four-crown
loose. sV'4'" 3-crown. 4 Vie: 2-crown. 3 Vic; Seedless
Sultanas. 6 Va':: seedless Muscatels. 4c: • 3-crown
London layers 91 .0: clusters. 81 60: Dehesa
clusters, «2 60; lmDerial . clusters, 93: dried
Grapes, 3c ft ib. '■'
Jobbing I'»ick«— sax Francisco— Fonr-crown.
loose. &%c: 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 3%c: seedleis
sultanas, 5"V4i ; seedless Muscatels, 4V» C: »-crown
London layers, SI 30; clusters. 91 60: Deliesa clus
ters. 9-1 76: Imperial clusters. S3 25. •"' ;
NUTS— Chestnuts quotable at 8«10c:< Wnlnuts.
new crop, f. o. b. -hipping point, 6*fya's Ib for stand
ard and h'A(g). c * Ib f r sortsheil; Altnotu-l-.. r.'»
tVa c for L«nguedoc,3@?i/4clor hardshell and B@'Jc
for paper-shell. Jobbing: I eanuts. 4@6c for l-.asi.era
«nd 4c lor California: Hickory Nuu. sig»6o >* ft,;
Pecans, 7%feßc: Filbertß, '»*&&&<:•. Brazil Nuts,
"i V2@Bc •$. lb; Cocoanuts, 94@6 * 100.
HO -Comb, 10@12%c for bright and 6®9c
.for lower grades: water-white extracieJ, 6@5W-:
lichi amber extracted, 4Vi<9>4 /i«: (Urlc """O«r, 4i^
4V»c: darn, 2©3 c llttk.: ....'• , . • .
aJI-^B®^6o 9 ft.
; Hi. VISION 4.
Dealers report a somewhat si a kened demand.
.CURKD MKA'lS— Bacon is quotable a; 6c ?» Ib
for heavy. 7c Ib for llgo. medium, 9%c for light,
10c 9 Ib for extra light and 5 ll^c * Ib for sugai
curea: Eastern . sugar-cured "■■ Kami, 13ai3V<jC;
California Hams. ll@ll^c: Mess Beef, 57@750;
extra mess do. SB@» 60: family.', do, *9@9 60:
extra prime Pork, *7 50®.; extra clear. *16 9
bbi; mess. fU 9 bbl; Smo;ed Beef, 10c 9 Ib. ' •• ■'
LAUD— Kastern. tierces, is anoted at 60 for
compound and «.i.. 2 w.7c lor pure; pails, 72c7 2 c V Ib;
California, tierces, s(gisy 3 c %* Di for compound and
tVic'for pure: hali-bb.s, ti^c; 10-lb .ins, 7Vic:
uo 6-lb. 71^. -ft ft,
(-(Jll'ni.:.,N . — ttiviaeVis in tierces ami 73^^
BVsc %t tb iv 10 tb tin-,".
uiititcs, TALLOW. WO /L and hops.
■HIDES . AND .-PKINS-7-StTOng at the recent
advance. Heavy salted s:»ers are quotable at 8 &
Bi/icr culls and brands. 7@7V»c: njedium..7@7Vic:
culls and bran is, t@6V%c: ligh;,* 6@6%c: culls and'
brands./ 6@M^,- ; .Cowhides : 6@l>vfcc:- culls ana,
brands, ; t@s Vie; sait«»<l Kip, 1 607c:-salied Calf,
7fe.Bc; salted. YeA H@7c; dry Hides, 13c » tb;
culls and brands, 10c %i &>; dry Kip and Veal. 10c;
culls. He t* Ib: dry Calf. Jse: culls. 10c: Goat
skins. i"o@3sc each: Kids, - sc: Deerskin*,' pood
summer. *^o@.!sc *» Ib: medium. 15(520c; winter,
7<£.9c: Sheepskins.' shearings, 10<5(15' each: hhort
wool, £o(£3sc each;, medium, 40@50c each; lone
wools, 50&60 C eacn.' ■
•tallow— No. 1, rendered. 1 3c: Na 2, 2%c; re
fined, sc: Grease, 2c f» Ib. : ■ • « . -
; WOOL— We quote Fall Wool as follows: Moun
tain. •»rd,7c - B>: middle counties, free, 5%(37c; do,
dett-ctlve, 4Jrf,@6c: ban Joaquin, »@sc: do, foot
hill. s@7c. •
HOP.«— The demand for choice lots continues
and the market is firm at 6*.100 %* tt> tor fair to
choice and ll©l2c for strictly fancy.
GLKhBAi. MEHCHANDISB.
BAOH— Calcutta . Grain Bags, spot, 94 10® I 15;
San Quentln. 94 20; Wool Lags, 24%@26%c;
Fruit Hags. 6%Cd6c. ■ ,
COAL— Coos Bay is lower. . Coke is very firm
Wellington is quotable at 98: New Wellington,
98 %* ton; Boat h twlrt vs elllncton. $7 60 » ton;
Seattle. 96 60@6; Bryant, $5(a5 50- Coos Bay.
94 25: Wailsend. SB; : Brrmbo •
Cumoenana. «13 % ton in bulk and 814 In sks-
Pennsvi-iinia Ainhraclte Eex. $11@12 %l - ton:
Welsh Anthracite. 98@IO: Cannel. .t8!^8 BO: Rock
Springs. Cast Gate and Pleasant valley, *7 00:
Coke, 912 In bulk and *13 ton In sks. ..
RlCE— Chinese mixed quotable at 93 25®3 40;
No. 1, 93 HU@4 f^ 'c;l: extra No. 1, 94 31)54 60:
Hawaiian, 94 Mi Japan, 93 90(0,4 30.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Company
quotes, terms netcash: Cube atid Crushed, &Vsc:
Powdered, 53/ c; Fine Crushed. 57/ s c; Dry Granu
lated, 4%c. tuii fee. loners' A, 4-J/ic; ' Magnolia A,
4%c: I'.xira C, 4V*c: Golden C, 4y 8 c: hair oar reis
Ki.^ more than barels, and boxes %c more.
SAX FRAN'CItCt* MEAT MARKET.
Mutton is very firm and there is talk of a further
advance. Choice Beer Is also firm. Arrivals of
.Hogs are large. Wholesale rates for dressed a lock
troni Slaughterers are as follows:
EKEF— Choice, sy»c; first quality, sc: second
do. 4<a:4%c: third do, 3y c i» Ib. -
VKAL— Large, 4'. 2 (a,5c: small. 6@7c 9 Th.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@5%c; Ewes, 4@sc
tb,
LAMB-s@6c Ib.
PORK— Live Hoes, 3V4@3%0 f> Ib for large »nd
medium and 3V i @3%c tor small; dressed do, 4%
1.1-Ctll't-) OV FBODDCK.
FOR '-4 HOURS.
Floor, or *k5.... 11,728 Cheese, ctU 118
beat. ctls. 7('o| Kiori. floz. 3,240
1 arley. ctls 16.980, Hides, no 98
Oats, ctls 3.280 Pelts, bdls 30
Ogdeu. 726. Wine, gals 81,000
Corn. Ocden, ctls 400 Wool, . 01.1 94
Beans.sK* I,64s 'Sugar, bbls ...... 1,970
Potatoes, sks 4, obi Leather, roll* 370
Unions, s%s 80ui Raisins, boxes.. 1,645
Bran. sks.:. .... 550 ! Borax, ctls 36.1
Middling*, sks... 601 Lumber. *i feau_ 70
ii ay, tons..-.:..- 693 Chicory, t01a.... 5
Butter, ct15...... 419
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Changes this week ara remarkably few and con- i
fined to the usual narrow fluctuations in produce.
. Following is Th* Call 3 regular weekly retail
price list:
COAI/— PTCB TOX.
Cannel 9 60&10 00 Pleasant Val »60®1000
Welllncton. — @10 00 Southfleld
New Wei- Wellington — 960
lington.... — (310 00 Scotch — <§ — ;
Seattle 7 00® — ! Coos Bay... 625(0 675
Castle Gate, t- 60^,10 00
DAISY fKOnrCK. FT'-. :
Bntter. fancy, V j Cheese, cat 10(3)12
BQUare 60<iJ5 .'< ' Cheese, Eastern. . . 1 5(320
do, V roll 45f0;50 Chefcse. Swiss... 2W<ft3o
do. ca0ice.. ....... 40<i$ — Common Eggs 25ta,3t>
Ordinary ao h 56837 Ranch .406645
Pickled roll 3«)®35 Honey, como. filb.l2(cj)ls
firkin ©30 do, extracted.... B<JBia
MEATS- PKB : POHNP.
Bacon 12®17 Pork, fresh... 12(315
Beef, choice 12<&15 Pork, salt 10@12
do, good B@lo Pork Chops 12&15
Corned 8eef....... B@— Round Steak »510
Ham. Ca1.. ...... 12y2@15 Sirloin Steak. ..l2y a (& —
do, Eastern. .... 1 1 ' Porterhouse, d 0... 17@2p
Lard „ 12«i15 Smoked Beef «15
Mutton ...... ... B§lC Pork Sausages -<020
Lumb.... ...lOfcJ— Veal. 10&15
POULTRY A.vr. OAMR.
Hens.each..... 40* 60 Docks, each... Ssffl 60
Young rtoo3> Geese, each 7 Slid 100
era, eacn 60® 60 Phreons. ® pr.. 40® 60
Old Koosten. Rabbits, Vpr . «5$ 40
each.......... 60® — Hare. eacn... . 16® 20
Fryers, each... 35<& 40 Wil I Cieese.ea. -JOC?) 30
Broilers, each,. 26® 35ih.nKSnipe.*dz3 00® —
Turkeys, V> Ib.. 1&® lb Jak Snipe, I*dzl 50® —
FBDITB ANT> XITT^. -
Almonds,"? Ib .12@15iLlmes, V doz 15© —
Apples. 46$ sjOrangea, H doz 20(350
Bananas, 'ft doz. Pears, tf Ib 4(^ 5
Can 1 a unties. inch. Raisins, "$, Ib 8&15
Cocoanuts, each... 4@> Raspberries. drwr.4O@sO
Figs. 1* Ib 10@12[strawoerrles,
Grapes, r* *> ••• t© **\ "$ drawer 85@50
Lemons. ¥ doz 2 30" Wai nut* f* lb 16& —
VK.OKTABLKV '
Artlchokwi.^doz. . Squash.^ It 6@lo
Beets. 1* doz 12@16(ireen Okra, * ft... tf@" 8
Beans, white IS ft.... iS<d> 6 Dried Okra. %4 1b..1&@2(i
Colored. %i ft) :© 5 Onions, ?t Ib 4@ I*
Lima. %< Ib ... 4@ 5 Peppers, green, 6<§ 8
Cabbage, each 6@loi Peppers. .ln.d lfi(3riO
Cauliflowers, each. 6(<C 8 Parsnips, W a0z.._15@20
Celery, «* bunch... 6(a. —Potatoes, t* Ib 25 3
Cress. T* dz bunchs. Radishes. «*dzbcha. 10(^1 2
Cucumber, %* doz. b@)oSage. $ Ib. 26®35
Bfßr Plant, r # 1b... s«t BSnier .-quash,* tt> NgilO
Garlic * Ib s<a — string Beans, It B«. S.ilO
Green Peas. $ tt».. H@ 8 Thyme, %* Ib 20<533
Lentils, %« lb.. 6<g> » Turnips, %i doz. 16(q>20
Lettuce, ft doz 1 5<520 Tomatoes, ~t> sb — X& 5
KIBH— pkr porrs'a.
Barracuda... ;«.... loo— iShad..-...;.. . .. B<alO
Carp —@ — Sea Haas. ... .....10^12
Codfish — <$15 Smelts .'..„ l'.'@ls
Flounders lO^j — Soles lO<sl2
Halibut .-.. -(in - Skates, each 10@12
Herring 8@ — Sturgeon 166X118
Klngflsh bid. 1 OiTomcoa 12@1'>
Mackerel.... —f& —'Clams, f* ga1....... — @50
' do, Horse... — — Do. hardshell, 9
Perch ..._ 10(<3— , 100 50® —
Pomnano 40<a — Crabs, each .'. .'.... 12@15
Rockfish... ir»ai2|Do. softsheU, 9 da.25@35
Salmon, smoked. ..•JlVai — Mussels f( qrt 10@12
Salmon, fresh ... lU@l 2 Oysters, Cal,?» IOO.4IX3) —
Shrimps B<slolDo, Eiiatern, 9 dz. 26(040
THE STOCK MARKET.
The bes' prices for the Comstocks were a^ain
lower yesterday th.\n on the preceding day. The
market was weak in the morning, but firmer in
tbe afternoon.
'1 be Challenge ard Justice assessments fall de
linquent in the board to-day.
At t lie annual meeting of the Confidence Min
ing Company 16,' 57 shares were represented and
the old d rectors re-elected as tollows: W. G. Mor
row Maurice Schmitt, George E. Edwards, J. P.
Martin and James Newlands Jr. W. G. Morrow
was eiected president, Maurice Schmttt vice-presi
dent. A. «. Gro.h sec-e.ary aod W. K. Sharon su
perintendent. Tbe company has a cash balance of
95196 18 in tbe treasury.
The annual mre Ing of the Mexican Mining
Compa y has be<sn called for December 1.
Mono— Bodie— 4oo level— South drift on the
For. Una vein wrs advanced 7 feet through bard
ground from Bodie side, bmall bard vein In ihe
face.
stand.-.r.i mill statement— Ore crushed for the
week, 2t>6 tons for account of standard mine.
Average as.viy vauner lalilngs, $7 43. 'lous con
centraie* produced. -Vi: as-ay vaiue, $66 09.
Plate amalgam proJuc •a, 7-17 1 ,-* ounces.
lil)Ai>l> SA^KS.
roVnvr\T\s were the sates in the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:.
SKoiu-AR MORNTxn BFK«irc<r. rnw'»nrvfrr^<» 9:sa
200 A1ia...... 07 200 Chllar.. .1.651300 Mx1c.....65
200 Ande5.... 201 100 CC<kV...l.«6 bu occldtl_..26
10 » Belcher ...4o 20U °...I.6t>2<iti P0i0i1....67
101) B iB 80100 Confi.. ..1.10 Savace...6s
300 ...........77 300 fcxcnqr ...dKi.'OO a NY.....57
SOU .;........ .78 300 U & c 5b 5 J Utah ..OS
60 Caled 1080J Mexcn....56 V JMIKM..4O
iITKRKOON BKBSIOV— 2:7O.
200 Andes 2220 1 Chains... .271200 Justice. ...08
10 > Belcner... 4llloo 2b'sO 1 uunir ..1.25
100 B«£B 80I10U C P0int. ...30 iOO Potoal . ..74
: 1 l.ndip 64)100 ii . OOSegße! .03
100CC«fcV...1.66|460 Exchqr....O: 10J Ul»n o»
1 oilowlnc were "<- »*»«u» : jii ,u u Pac.llc block
lfakru yesterday:
150 B & 8.... 78 300 CrwnPt..3l 401 Potosl ..71
200 — ...79 160... ...... ...3- ,00 78
800.. -81 1011 U<fcC . ....66 600 .. ... 74
300 bullion I* 400 H<fcN...l.ls> 1500 .... 75
600 I*4oo ...........1.20 4U<J fc-avase.'...S7
1000 ...V......1. : ' 1100 Alex... .66300 ...........60
Caleda.... 10:150 ............5b 300 S 8AM.. .02
20.' Cutiuite...'.'» JOt) 22»^|<0U 3 Nev.. 69
400 i i.i/.i...1.65|300 ...........1.201200 ....;.. ;..;58
200 '.;..-...1.b7V» 20J 0vrmn....10500 Union. 49
350 1.70 Poiosi b7200 ......... ...48
500 ...;.—. 1.81 200 ...... .....65|500 ......... EO
3jO CC'dsV:.l.tfb3UU ............7080J YJtii..,.iU
100 c0nfi....1-o^i -. - ■ ■■■ 1
'■■ A*TF.RICOOIC 81C8SION— 2:11 ■
200 A1pua..~.09 200 CCV:L67J,i,|4OO Occldt;....'J7
300 A1ta.......09 10 J Conn ... . .98160 Ophirl.22y«
100 Andes.... 2o 500 C Imp... 01 JOO .. ...„. u3
200... ...... ....21 500 ...... .V.-..02 0vrmn....09
101 Belcbec...4l JOJ C P0int... 31 M) Potosi ...74.
200 BAB- 81 lt>o .;.....'...;.8U20» (Savage.. .57
100 hoclie 3uu U AC 68 6i>o Scorpion.. o2
300 8u11i0n.... 14 10 ' li AN 1.17% 400 SBifcM... ,{)i
100 tulwer...43 ! Kentuck..U.-. t^o.) >.N»v. . £,9
SOO Caleda....lo 6uO Mexican 58|30U Union.. 49
200 Challee...2»!3oJ .;........ .67 oOJ U-»n OS
15 choir 1.77^1100 M0n0. ....1S .OJ VJac&«t,..«o
200 .. 1%!
CLOSING QIOXATIONS.
, FRIDAY. Nov. 13- 2p. M. ;
■- ■&?- Alka '- ' ■ . ... JBiH.An/ce*.
Alp^a rvm. ... 08 OS Jackson.'....;.. 25 : —
Alia.;-.. ....;.' — 09 lolla ...7...... — 06
Andes. ........ • 21 ■ ■ » Justice. 02 :" 03
helcher ...;.;.. 40 .-.. 41 Keniuck..;..^ . i) 3 .04
Best A Belcher 78 79 ..ady Wash.... — is
lienton con.. . — 1. .Mexican ' 55 57
Bodle .;;...:'..'. 67 ,' . — Mono ........... 15 ; ;■- _
Bullion ......... 13 " « 14 Nevada Queen. ■ —', 04
8n1wer..v...~.. ..■ 40 \' — Occidental....". 26. 27
Caledonia.....;- — '.' 10 ;ul:ir ........ 1.20 ' 1.25
(.collar .;..v... 170 1.75 overman- 119. 10
C0n.Ca14Va...1.65 .1.70 P0t051.. ..:..... 70 72
Challenge Con. 26 . "i 7 «avace.. ... ;.'..' 67 68
ton. imperial. 01- til; scorpion. ; . • 01 ' 11
confidence.... ; f>B 1.10 eg. Belclise. . 03 08
lon New York ■ — ' " l)« syndicate ; i 02 -' —
Crown Point: 33 3* Mlver am..;-. oi 13
KastsierraNer .M ' r.~ sierra Nevada 6tJ ;68; 68
tureka con ... j. 25 — I nton Con..... 48 *Bo
Exchequer..;. 03 14 0tan.;..... ....'- 07" qm
oouiu«kcurrjr. 65 it mUo.v j«a«k :40 -"'4l
;iiw»(&x<ore».l.iß 1.20 : ; a ■
WTitlimiili ■Miii.ii rtiin n* JB£B3fcv'
. t>oi_ .s. ....... ' k.vc a -V -." ;■:
300 Lockwood Con -. '.'7
200 Savannan. ........ .;. . 46
100 do 45
" STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIi'AV Nov. 13 - 2P. M.
I CNITJtI) STATES ' BONDS. /
£I.*. Au.ca.l . - Bid. AtkeA.
CB«Reonp..K9 - • |tj 8 re«... — 107%
Do new issue i2O — |
MISCKILASfKODS BONDS.
c*i-*tCnt*sV no — iPiicßoan'ji - —
Cat ElecL 9*125; — iUo 2fl m — —
CntraCWs» — 97^11 *i)H y^, — Jl»
Dpnt-stex-co — 97 liCUßy^i 91 93V&
KdEiiL«Pß.*i2sV<|l27 llwl-stKß»i. — lISVi
>*CHKR«i. 97^11-9Va lieno, Wj^Al. — 11)5
Geary-stR5». 100 lu3 | t>*cto P <fc £.. — 100
LosAn*LtJs. — 100 it->ANPHSt. 99 100
DoUmeedSi - 101 bl'RHArli U - t6Vs
Mkt-stCbleS3ll9J^ — bPRRCaIJi. 110 —
DoßyConOs.. 105S/glo6 KPKRCaIi* - 100
NatVin6sl« — liiO itPßrßCaltii. 96 07
NevCNgR7«IOO — SVWate.-Bs.. 118 119%
NPCRR6».IOO - tVWater4.«. 98% 99 V 4
N Ry Calrfi. iOIJA — ttktaU&Kij 99 lul^fe
N Rj- Cal 53. . , — 90 (sunsiT&T«i. — —
Oak Gas 55.. — 104 i-u:ier-bU:i*. lugs.i —
Losuijlij,, — 108 Yss»lii»WCtt» — ' —
LllUlllbua 00.119 119^1
WITKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 30 Vi 35 |-Hn.io«... _ _
Manuco.... *j — |> rnic Vallu/ CSS/g tB%
BAS STOCKS.
Capital . . . . , — i 4 M'acltio lAttv. 49 . 50 V4
Central- 95 — I ban Francsco 98Vi 9855.
OaiGLAK _ 541/4; biocKtou..... _* mi
tat Uasimp. — Bt»»,2| '
./.''';,: ' insurance stocks.
Flreman'BF'll62yjlbO ' |-un " — . _ '.':.
. COHMKUCIAL BANK STOCKS.
Amerß*TU — - LondonP&.v. 126 128
Anglo-Cal. . 54 59 London — so
Bank of Cal.. 2.^0 — Merch Ex... 13 —
Lai bDATCoIOTiAIIO Nevada — —
tirsiJNuuom-179 xBS jsather BOa — —
RAVr'JGS BANK STOCKS.
OerRALCo. 130U 1600 Loax — 106
Humb&AL.llOU . — Security 245 —
Mutual..... — 40 L'numTrtttt.77o —
tis»vLnJo:i — 50 J
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 107 110 lOaKSLidtUaf — 100
Uearyst. — 60 I'residlo ' 5% —
kljirken»u... *3% 43^|Sutler-9t — —
POWDKB STOCKS.
Atlantic n.. — — tGiantCoa.... 17% 18
Eastern D... 73 — j Jndson — —
CaUtorma.... 70 — IVUiorlt. 600 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
AJaiUfkpicn. 95 97 NatVlnCo.. — —
BlkDConlCo. — 10 Oceanic 18% 20
Cnl Cot Mills — - lucAuxb'A — 4
Edison Light 125^126 PacEoraxCo. 98 100
Gascon Assn. — — Pac Roll Mill — —
GerLeadCo. SO 100 Part Paintoo — 7
liawCASCa. 19 193/, PacTr»nsC(l. — —
notch S TO« 25»/ 8 254*1 1'acT&T Co. — —
MerKxAssn.lOU 110 .Sunset i'Jtl 1 . — —
MJiiecxasus s:i 4 4V a |U'UIUXI g<j«*. — \.— '. -
BALES-llußNl.Nli SUldiOX.
Board— •
5 Edison Light A Power Co 125 75 ;
100 Hawaiian CommerciaL 19 12%
75 do do 19 25
150 Market-st Railway 43 63
26 Hutchlnson S P Co. :.......~ 26 37%
5 Oakland Gas.... 64 00
2000 Omnibus Cab'.e 80nd5....... 119 25
30 Pacific Gas 1mD...... ...... .......... 89 00
$1000 S p Branch Railway Bonds. 96 00
$15,000 Sutter-st Railway Bonds 110 00
, eALie>-A mnnfinm ■— «nn .
Bosrd—
4 Kdlson Light A Power Co. 126 00
65 Hawaiian Commercial 19 25
15 do d 0......... -19 12%
160 Hutcbinson S P Co. ■. „ 26 50
100 Market-st Railway.. 43 6t>
60 Gaslight 88 50
10 s V Water *8 37%
95000 S P Branch Railway Bonds. 96 00
Mreot— - ! :
80 Oakland Gas 54 00
10,000 Omnibus Cable 80nd5.... ....... 119 25
HOTEL ARRIVALS
LICK HOUSE.
P Valleusen, Arno R D Robblns, Suisun
W o Wn'so 1, San Jose S Flnnell <fe w, Tebama
J F Mnlgrew, Skaggs S W A M athew s.Paso Robls
U Nuunemaker, Visalla C W Spaliing <fe w, Cal
Mrs C Deoney &w,Ala A N Dlckson <fe w.Stockn
L A Whitehur-t<Sw,Gilry Miss G Burr. Monterey
G Hall. Nevada City J stanton. Nevada City
D McKenna, Salinas M S Ford cfe w, Nev City
L W .Mouitrie, Fres 10 Mis G ourthe, Nev City
H W Mar.in. Nev City MrnJßi.arneiti^Wiliw's
J Pender, Wis G P Runyon, « our land
W B Wnllace.Visalia J L HudnerA w.Huliister
W X Rogers. Los Ang Miss B Perron, Woodbrge
W M Aw, BUgs H C Van Ness, N V
Mrs M Bioim, N V H i.i khoff, San Rafael
Mrs Wilson, sacto W Sexton, -an Jose
E Schultz, -s V CM Coglan, Sac.o
RUSS HOLS...
A B Wl Hams A w, Nev F Sparks. King City
S Bowers, Ukiah H Johnson, Koutiers
J H Bro kbouse, Mass C 'iheoanx, Mass
J H Ettan, Mass Os-wa isen, Modesto
V Dunlop, or P Ho.ig <fe w, .-t Louis
M Leloquet, Cal Mrs D Frossman. Los An
Airs H Froasman, La An Rev J .'.cCee, btocKton
P Alkin. . onneville E Bexon, Healdsburg
N Nelson, Healdsburg J C lones, Belmont
O 1 eterson, Arcadia C Eaton. Nev City
C H Powell. Chicago E Smart. Seattle
S X Crowe, i-ea.t.e R ii Francisco, H M Bay
R Lane, Bakersfield Mrs Witten, Los Angeles
M J Witten. Los Ang J Harvey &w, sacto
C ott <fe w, lowa T M Brown, Eureka
Mrs H C Davis, Seattle J Jeans, Winters
G Roberts, Lakeporl S Bennett, Santa Rosa
GRAND HOTEL.
N B Ambrose, LockefordE A Bridgeford, Coiusa
J 1 Cox, Kulsom J A Bruet & w, .-alt. Lake
M Thomas, Cat F W Derby, Cal
U Peiraoo, San Jose J F Franser, san Jose
E Johnson. Lolo G Lingo, Birds Landing
C Gravy & w, s-n QuentlnC E Kent, JNev City
W F Wllliamsou, tal W D Perrice, Pasadena
B E Waters, Cal C Mulsey, Cal
W L Haihaway, Cal A E Leroy, Bakersfield
H Wa.lt.ce, Bukersfield F L Coombs, Napa
P Jobnscn, Ano-ls Camp A Ward. England
J H Topley, Vallejo H Vacbi-U, Burilngams
J Hanfell, Loinpoc J Haggeny, llanford
G L Prentice, Willows J C Tice, Stockton
L Van Dus 11, Ukiah A M Duncan, Ukiah
A Levy, Yolo G V Berkey. Coiusa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL
J W Cneoey, Handsburg Dr Smith £w, Lathrop
J Nettle, Lathrop C Marrion, Cotton City
R C Cook, Cotton City Mrs A B Oliver, Benlcla
EL Clark, NY B L Fisher. Ala
W H Gregor., Ala C Demetrak, Cal
J McDonald, Berkeley A X Krlghton, San Jose
F S Drumnne. San Jose U L Lewis, San Jose
il C Austin, Kan< City J H Williams. Kans City
D B Howard. V salia F Ross, San: a Rosa
B J Hansen, Merced R Muliord, Fresno
H Johnson, Doverville D L Brady, Freano
A D Moore, 1 ulare S D Baldwin. Wash
s X Lee & w, Grant Pass J M McDonald, Grnt Pass
W Walworth.Glenwood A Picolie, Nevada City
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Low, NY C Schultze, Guatemala
II Geriach, Hamburg Rosa Witzel, Munich
Mrs Schultze, Qua: emal C Chapman, Bangor
W H Nasou. Bangor Mr* Mis Freshman, N V
D Kvere.t. NY HE Niese, Jersey City
C F Tibbit ts, U S N A P Green, Boston
W Hook. Los Angeles Mr & Mrs W Tayior.N V
H X Genrlir. Pa J T Albenger. P»
M Helieiut«-,Ls Angeles J <> Kels, Oakland
Miss Brooks. Oakland E Henne, Stanford
B Slnipl«-s. Stanford O Wahrmund <fe w
Mr* W T: yior Livtrmor Hrs G Goodman, Cal
MnfcMr^Meagher.Chicag
BALDWIN HOTF.L.
T B Prltchard, Sausa ito Mrs M Stevens, Stockton
Mrs Barker, Livermore Mrs H Corcran. Stockton
Miss Bark- r. Liv- rmore J W c verett, Seattle
B P Barker, Livermore L Lleman. Vallejo
W X f outnard. N V W P Lange, Chicago
FD We her by, Boston M W Brefsell, St Louis
a. W Helss, NY A L C».rlton, Milwaukee
C A Ingeias. Boston T Winter Aw, Alameda
DLee. Kelseyvii c U Campbell, Grass Valley
C Jl Williams, St Paul
THE CALL CALENDAR.
SOVIIiBEB, 1896.
80.
Mo.
I
Tu.
W.
Th.
Fr.
Sa.
• Moon's Phased
©New Moon.
\ Nov. 4. ■' I
_^
I
2
3
4,
:■•»;
8
7
i
.
--■•■■ I
9
10
11
12
13
13
14
3 Firs | Quarter!
• JSov. 11.
_^_
I
16
17
18
19
20
21
I
15
(Ok Full Moon.
<&> Nov. 2a
I
22
33
24
25
26
37
•28
tf*\ Last Quarter.
"*• :^ot. 27.
29
SO
OCEAN STEAMERS
Date* of Departure From Sin Francineo.
BTKAM Kg | j "«T
vvrioN. ]
SI I,A.
| IMKR.
Columbia... 1 Portland. ..... Nov 14.10au i Pie* .'1
Coosiiay.... N«-wpor: N0V15.K411 Pier II
City l«uebla VlcfcPetSnd Novls. 9am Pier . 9
A. Blanchxd; Oregon ports.. Novlß. 6i-m I'ierlS
Coronu.:.-.. | ban U1ec0..:.. I \ov )7,11av. Pi,»rLi
Kun01. ...... Grays Harbor Novl7, 12a Pier 'i
Pomona.... Hnmboldttia\ Xov 17, Sim fie.- 9
Karallun.... txauina Hay. Novl7. 9au v ler 2 ;
Newport.... Panama. ; .Vr. . Nov 1&la - v PUS!
StaieotCal. I PorUund .;.„. Novl9.lOam Pier i 1
Knreka Newport .....: \ovl9. $>am Pier U
Arcata Coos 8ay..... N0v19..- ••• • •
WallaWaia Vie *P« «no Nov2(l. :7ii ViVr.i*"
t'linta >;«■< i ■ f»legi>". .. . .Nov'.'l.lloi I'i-r'H
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
bnnoi..'.-...;...:.
1-aralion ......
Alcairas;;;-..-..
Crescent city...
H0mer.'.....;...
Corona.... .......
Costa Rica.
Mackinaw.;..;'.
Aliceßlanchard
Si at* of Cal..:.
Walla Walla...
Pomona ........
Eore it a... ..;;■.;-.
City of Kverett-
Wellington... .
0r1raba.. ■;..■...*..
Arcata.;:: ...;.;
bam a Kosa.'.'...
Alame 1a........
City Sydney....
Del 'N0rt«......
C01umbia.......
Coos Bay.'.;™...
Mexic0...;....;
Grays Harb0r.. ..:......
Vaqulna tiai?..;.;
Yaqulna 8ay...... ..'....
Crescent City ».
Coos 8ay..;.-.;
-an Diego. ...... ...-.;;
C0m0x. .,.:.;. :;..;. .....
Xacuma. ;. :...:«■. . . .". .. :
P0rt1and......;.....;....
Portland. .-..;..*. .....:...
Victoria <S*l*uuet Sound
Humbold. Bar- ..........
Newport ;;7*; ;7*. ~ :t.:~. . . . . .
Departure 8ay..........
Departure Bay...
Mexico;.'. ....."..
Coos 8ay.;.:.. ..........
(MUI UlexO... ..._........
5ydney.'...;. ............
Panama..:;;......
urays Uaroor. .;.. .;.'..;
lortland rr.tr; rr:
Newport :. t .:::*.;• .".;:..
Victoria* Puce t Sound
:. Nov. 14
..Nov 14
...NOV 14
.-.'Not. 15
..JS'OT 15
..Nov 15
...Not 15
..Not 15
...Nov 16
.:NovlS
..Nov 3 6
KOV 18
:>o» n
..Nov 17
..Nov 17
..Nov 17
..Nov 18
..Nov 19
..Nov 19
..Nov 20
..Nov -M
. Nov 'Jl
..Nov 21
..Nov 31
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
r. P.' Coast an-t> gkooettc -SrrBVjcT.TrDS-)
• BHLI.ETINPUBI.HHKD- BY OyFICIAI. ' ,-. r
AUTHORITY OF THK SUPKBISTK>I>UVT. )
Satur a . Novemoer 14. ■
Sunrises. ..6.51 ! Moon rises......
Sunsets .....4.68 Moon set*. 1.22 am
NoTembor
I 89S
' "" " Fep. !! i FewL I KaeJl LI Fo»s
- L W H W 1. W H *> I
14 v.02 I7?i 766
15 1.42 1.7 827
16 22* 2.1 h.SS
17 .2.53 ■ i;.:-i Ji.«)
IK 3.27 2.5 9.43
19 4.00 3.0 10 09
. . 1 1 iv i
5.4, at>; 1 9; 8. till
5.4; 2.58 1.4 9.17j
..• 3.401 0.811010
66, 4 15| O5 11.U.'
5.7 4.M) 0 1 11.541 :
5 8 5.24 —0.6
IS
4.2
4.1
4.D
3.9
" •• 11. \> 1 11 -.\ L Vv
20[ 0.44 4.1| 4 32| 3.4;10-36i 69* 6.00:— 0.7
ISOTK— in the above exposition of the tides th»
early morning tides are given in the left hand
columr., and the successive tides of the day in tb»
order of occurrence ai to time. The second time
column rives thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and' tne last or right
band column srives the last tide of the day except
wheu tbere are bu: three tides, as sometimes
»ccurs. The w ghts given are additions to th»
soundings on the United States coasi survey
charts, except when n mintls «;ign (— ) precedes the
height, and then tbe number given is subtractira
from the deuth given by trie charm
NOTICE TO MARINERS
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located In ■ the Merchant.' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
expense.
- Navigators are - cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets ot charts nod sailing
dlrec.lo is of the world are kept 00 lian 1 for com
par.son and reference, and the latest Information
can always be obtained regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of Interest to ocean
commerce.
The time ball on top of the build on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian, 'by
telegraphic signal received each day from the
United States Naval Observatory as. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating ' whether the time ball waa
dropped on t.me, or giving the error, lr any, li
published th same day oy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following day.
W. a Hughes,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
The Time Ball.
Branch Hytvroobaphic Offtob, U. 9. N"., •)
Merchants' Kxchanor >-
Ean Francisco. November 18. 1893. )
The time ball on Telegraoh Hill was droppel
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of tbe l'JOta
meridian, or exactly at 8 c. m.. Greenwich time.
W. S. Hughks,
rjientppnnt U. S. N. 'n i'iiar;a.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
FRIDAY, November 13.
Stmr Progrreso, ' Btorrs. 89 hours from Seattle;
26! 0 tons coal, to P B Cornwall.
Stmr Albion, .Lundqulst, 28 hours from Point
Bochon nrtiug: produce, to slnshetmer Bros.
' Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 19 hours rrom Rock
port: '238 M ft lumber, to J B Hanify.
Btmr Jewel, Madsen, 18 hours from Fort Bragg:
11.000 railroad tics, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 66 hours from,
San Diego; ballast to L X White Lumber Co.
Stmr North Fork, Hansen. 26 hours from .Eu
reka; pass and mdse, to Charles Nelson.
Stmr Weeott, Whitney. 14 hours from Albion;
la hi be r, 10 Albion Lumber Ca tWJtiffl
Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. — hours from New
port: pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
jschr Scray. McAUep. 1- days trom Port Blake
ley, via Cape 1- lattery 9 1 2 days; laths, to Renton,
Holmes it Co; vessel, to W G Hall.
Scnr Vesta, Lundvaldt. IK days from Taccma;
lumber, to Hanson & Co. Up river direct.
Schr Kettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Pom;
Reyes; — bxs butter, to J II Newbauer & Co.
Schr Helen N Kimball. Gutiormsen, 8 days from
Willapa Harbor; 250 Mft lumber, to Simpson
Lumber Co
Schr Christina StefTens, Nordling, 48 hours from
lverseiis Landing; wood and posts, to R A Gil
bride.
Schr Etta B. Bourne, 12 hours from Fort Ross:
'10 bxs butter, 23 eds wood, to Ross & Hewlett.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, November 13.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka; Good an, Perklnt
4 Co.
stmr Pillsbury, Comox: Pacific Imp Co.
Stmr Columbia, conway, Astoria; Oregon Kail
way and Nay Co.
Br ship i-.uJora, Ogilvle, Queenstown: G W Me-
Near. . .
Fr bark Jules Verne, Hanmon, Queenstown; v
W McNeor. '
Scbr Webfoot, Donnelly, Istapa; ban Francisco
Bridge Co.
Sailed.
j FRIDAY, November 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
. Stmr Pomona, Doran. KureKX
Stmr Truckee. Daniels, Coos Bay.
j S-tmr Gipsw Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr San Benlto, smith. Tacoma.
Brsblp Albyn, Williams, Queenstown.
Ship Louisiana. Ha crow, Melbourne.
lark Rutus X Wood. McLeod, Seattle.
Sc'ir Beu'.an, Johnson. Coos Bay, In tow of stmr
Arcata. '
Scbr Wm F Witzemann. Olsen, Port Blakeley.
. Schr Corinthian, Zadaart.
Mary Etta, Zaddart, Collins Landing.
xol«»(jr<tpUio.
POINT LOBOS. Nov. 13.— p. M.— Wea;
hazy; wind NW; velocity. ti ii:.<*>. .
Charters.
The bark McNear loads mdse or Melbourne.
The Zampa Io 1 s lumber at Tacoma for
Guavmas: Nic bark Bundaleer lumber at L'lie
mamus for Freemantle; b.\tn CC Funk, redwood
at Eureka, for Sydney, 40s; bark Clalrmo it. lum
ber at Hastings Mills for Deia^oa Bay. 62s Bi;
scbr Lyiau D Foster, . lumber on the Sound tor
Freemantle. '
The Br ship Indian Empire was chartered prior
to arrival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d.
Dome«tio Port*. :
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 13— Stmr Willamette,
for Alaska. ' ■
I AN DIEGO— Nov 13— Br ship Amazon,
for Queenstown.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Nov 13— Bark Kate
Davenport, for >an Francisco.
: USAL— Nov 13— Stmr Navarro, hence
Nov 12. t '>--...' .
GREENWOOD— Arrived Nov 13— Stmr Whites
boro, hence Nov 12.
FORT BRAGG— Nov IS— Stmr Novo.
hence Nov 12. '
COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 13— Stmr Homer, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Nov 13— Stm- Bonlta. hence Nov IL
UMPQU A— Arrived Nov 12— Schr Lucy, from
San Pedro. '
V NTUR\— Sailed Nov 18— Stmr South Coast,
for Sail Francisco. . .
TACOMA— Nov 9— Br bark Iredale, frm
Victoria.
bailed Nov 9— ship Earl Dunraven, for
Queenstown. . . . .
Cleared Nov 9— Br ship City of Glasgow, for
United Kingdom,
f '.: : Kagtorn Ports.
• NEW YORK— Cleared Nov 13- Ship John Mc-
Donald,' for Yokohama.
Foreign Port*.
FALMOCTH— Nov 12— Br ship Varans
from Portland.
failed Nov 12— Brship Sierra Cadena, for San
Francisco. ■ • ■ ■ . ,
QUEENSTOWN -Sailed Nov 11— Ital bark Cat
erica Accame. . .
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
. NEW OKK— Arrived Nov 13— -Stair Lucanla,
from Liverpool and Queenstown: stnnr Bursandia.
from Marseilles: stmr Persia, from Hamburg.
I HAMBURG— Arrived out Nov IS-Saar Patr a.
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed Nov Stmr Nor
mannla.
LlZAßD— Passed Nov 13— Stmr Southward, fm.
New York, for Antwerp.
Importation*.'
ARCATA— Per North Fork— s7 cs fresh fish. 23
j kens butter. 1 sk corn. 1 pk« hardware, 1 bbi glass.
10 oil tanks. 9 sks stock, 31- M i t lumber, 605 M
, sbincles. 50 M: shades.
NEWPORT— Per Coos Boy— : sks con. 1 cs
• shoes, Ics cheese, a uxsp-rsimmons, la s'<s pea-
I nuts, 68 oxs oranges, 78 sks walnuts, 36 bxs lem-
I ons. ..-....-■;..•..
East San Pedro— lo > " bxs C fish, 3 hf-bbls fish,
I SIH sks corn. 33 < s mdse. ;
San Pedro— l6 cs mdse. 11 cs honey drawers, 1
I b&l walnuts, 2 csci;ars, 1 cs shoes. .
HUn me— l ca hardware, 1 ke? felloes.
1 .Ventura— l7o cs lu.ise. -.3 sks dry tml\ les
j bean flour, 48 cs honey, 19 cs flour. 48 sks beans,
I 1 cs o on and suoei, 2 bxs limes. 85 oxs lemons.
Carpinteri.t— l bx seed. 5 sis walnuts. '
*anta Barbara— 4s cs mdse, 9bb s mineral water,
47 bxs lemons, 8 sks crawfish. 1 bx fish. ■.
Uaviota— l23 s>cs wool, 420 dry pelts, 3J ska
cnwliiii. ' ... •
Port Harford— 79 cs muse, 2 bdls dry hides, 17
csegsrs. 4 bxs butter. 1 coon chicken* . 455 sks
bl jminous rock 20 dressed calves >* bxs lish.
, Cayucos-9 bxs butter. 1 bdl calfskins. 2 dry
hides, id bdls green hides, 3 sis icreen hid s. 6 drms
cheese. 4 cs eggs, 11 ska cheese, 62 dressed calves
Ics cigars. v . ■ . ,- ■
':', San Simeon— l cs cheese, 1 tub butter, 2% c*
eggs. 1 tun 5i/ 2 bxs b jt er, 6cs mJse, - bxs apples,
2 coops cbicKens, 56 dressed calves, 6 bxs ri.1.1.
Cruz— 4s bxj butter. "
t»n«i<rn»»i.
Per North Fork— Union Fish Co: J Traplnl: A
Tarantlni; EJ Bo wen & Co: M T re It as & Co;
Dunham, Carrlsan & Co: Califnr-ita Uln« orKs;
Standard Oil Co: Chas Nelson : Thos Day & Co.
i'er Coos Bay-Newmark<fc Edwards: W Witt
land: Buckingham, He ht M Co: L -catena i Co;
C X Whitney it Co:' Gray & Barbieri: J A Pane;
The C 12 lorf Co: Tillmann&Bendel; Hooper A
Jennings: McDonough & ttunyon: M U Ma i«l«»s;
L Sno.v: Lewis Pacclng Co: Payot, Upham & Co;
Norton, Teller & Co: J M L v\ . C yv Adanu: J D
A Bowley: • X Uarmlcfc: Cahn, Nlc^elsburg i Co;
Baker <S Hamilton: Water ouse, Jester <t Co; W
A >0..n; Cox Seed and Plant Co ; sumet Tele
eraph . and Telepti one Co: \V A Scnroud ; Labor
Exobange; Wieland Brewing Co: . S Fos er«fcCo;
Hoffman i Rothsch Id:;. Sachs Bros: J M Moore:
illen & Lewis: LScatena & Co; W C Price & Co,
Knterprlse Brewery: Dairymen's Union: Page A
Sons: E J Bowen & Co: Allen & Lewis: J J Shlnni
.ft Co; J lvancovicn & Co: American Union Fi-thl
Cv: D Hlrsciiler: A Paladlni; Western Meat Col
i Deere Imp Co: UHmer. Bredhott «ts>caulz:,Bniraio ;
Brewery: Thos Denigan. Son* Co: J-BlnirujKa-
Witztl ik Baker. J Strauss: Marshall <t t.eimcri;
Dairymen's Union: C H Harris: W| ilams<& Bal
; s>r: Pac.nc Coast Fish Co; H Ktrchmann 4 Co- J
! offrnin; JS rausi; Hills Bros: Blsslneer & Co-
De Bernard! <& Co: Wlllard Bros; O B smith <fc Co-
Chas Montgomery * Co: L D Stone & Co- F L'r A
C»: J Schweitzer & Co-,' Wlllard Bros- a Meyer- J
Itussel; DM osborne; T J ishackelxord- Kohler*
Chase: S Levy A Co.
■ -:■■ .--.-.- - ■ ■ ■ ■■■TONS OF FRUIT
ARE ROTTING
Interior Ranchers Complain
of a Lack of Good
Roads.
Farmer Leberer Says That He
Suffers Because of Local
Politics.
BLAMES ONE ROADMASTER
Several Families in Palomares Canyon
Have Been Forced to
Leave.
" Oakt-awd Office Saw Fraxcisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 13. )
• Tons of crapes are rotting in the in
terior of the county because of the lack oi
highways. Much complaint is being made
of the condition of existing roads and of
the refusal of the Supervisors to accept
• other roads in the vicinity of Dublin and
' Palomares Canyon.
Some years ago one of these roads that
(*nds at the Leberer ranch passed through
iarnis of fifteen families, all o* whom
"were prospering comparatively well. They
united in building about three miles of
road, which they requested the county to
••accept and keep in repair, because with
Ihe fall of the prices for produce during
tbe past four years they could no longer
'afford to do it themselves. They now de
clare that part was accepted, but is
neglected, while the larger portion has
• not even been accepted. In consequence
of this lack of good roads fifteen families i
have been reduced to four, and even the
lew remaining say that they cannot con
tinue for one more season unless some :
adequate reiief is afforded them.
An inspection of this territory yester
day proved the truth of the statement so
far as the condition of the roads and the j
'. wasting of the crops is concerned. On the
Leberer ranch several ton 3of fine grapes |
have rotted on the vines because they j
could not be hauled to market at a cost >
sufficiently low to leave any margin at j
all, and so f:ir there has only been one
good rain. The same is true of t:;e apples. |
"..Under every tree first-class fruit has I
rotted and is stiil falling from the trees j
from which it w.as not gathered, because
of the" expense of getting it to market. !
Squashes, tomatoes, figs and vegetables
• are alTdecaying from toe same cause, and
ranches that were once profitable can only
.be worked at a loss, which means, of
course, that they will be ultimately de
"serted unless relief is had.
•'• "I attribute all this neglect of our
J^eads, '' said Mr. .Leberer yesterday, "to!
th€ personal ieelinp of our pres nt road- I
master, Mr. Jensen. Some time ago he [
tried to be el cted Supervisor, but was de- j
fCated, and he has always blamed the
rancher- in this neighborhood for his de- I
feat. Now that he is roaimaster he is j
placing every obstacle in our way, and we j
are feeling it bitterly."
Whatever may be the cause of the
ranchers' trouble there is no doubt a? to
the effect, for a'l that he said regarding
.his loss of fruit and the poor condition of
the roads cannot be denied.
1 Woman Attorney.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13 —The second
woman attorney in the history of this
county to practice before the Superior
Court appeared before Judge Fnck this
morning to represent Clara Frisbee, a pro
fessional nurse, in her suit for $10,500 dam
ages against Dr. E. F. Card. It was Laura
de Force Gordon, and ncr client charges
that the defendant operated on her eyes
twice, and that she became afflicted with
sore eye^. ti.e result of alleged negligence
on his part in not keeping clean his in
struments. The case went over to Feb
.ruc:ry 3, on demand for a jury.
Finally Distributed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— The deeds
were put on recoru to-day that mark the
final distribution of the Merritt property.
James P. and Fred A. Merritt each receive
improved property worth about $150,000
and the Purri'iaton heirs and Harry Mer
ritt receive $75,000 between them. The
'deeis were Irom Captain Hackett and
MacK \Vtbber, to whom the estate was
THE MYSTERIOUS HOUSE OF THE ENCINAL.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 18.— A test is to be made of the power of the wraith
supposed to be at 1158 Park street.
E. H. Nauman, formerly a roomer in the house occupied by Mr. and
Mrs. William Broderick, declares that the departed spirit of Mrs. Alonzo
Green, who committed suicide, returns to revile those who persist ind^obey
ing her edict against card-playing. "We have had cakewalits," said the young
man to-day, "and private theatricals, besides all other kinds of amusements,
but there was no disturbance of any kind except when we played card*. I
know it is real, for I lived there for two months, and when those unearthly
groans struck my ears I was frozen to my chair. We havb arranged to have
a special card party and to place guards around the house, and if possible we
will lay that ghost."
transferred prior to tbe commencement of
the compromise suit by which the penalty
clause of the Garcelon will was defeated.
... . . -*— '"> '♦" »'"'"' — "
RETURNS TO MARRY.
Kx-Pol iceman Howlett Slakes Another
Chapter of History.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— The return
of F. W. Howlett to this city and his mar
riage to Miss Ada Freeman, the sister of
Kate Castleton, last Tuesday is the first
heard of him since his sudden disappear
ance from this city six years ago.
Howlett was a police officer under Chief
Tompkins and married a daugbter of
Louis SchafTer. All was well until an
other woman appeared and the home was
broken up. Some time later he disap
peared and has not been In Oakland until
recently.
Mrs. Howlett sought revenge in a
humorous manner at the time and in
serted the following advertisement in the
papers:
Lost, strayed or stolen— An individual whom
in an unguarded moineni 1 adopted as my
husband. He is a good-looking but feeble
individual who answers to the name of Fred.
When last se<.-n was In company with a cross
eyeti womau, his arm around her waist, walk
nig up tho plank road, looking more like a
fool, if possible, (han ever. Any one who will
catch the poor fellow and bring him saiely
Dack so that lean chastise him for running
away will be invited to stay to tea and see the
fun ana no questions asked.
Miss Freeman is the divorced wife of
Castle Brydges, formerly tenor in Charles
Reed's minstrels. Slie returned to Oak
land six months ago and gave out that phe
was to be married, but tbe name of the
groom-elect was kept secret.
NO MORE FREE CLINICS
For Once the Three Warring
Schools of Medicine Can
Agree.
They Withdraw From Lodge Work
and Giving Free Surgical and
Medical Ail
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 13. )
Free clinics and lodge physicians in
; Alameda County will soon be things of
the past. The Alameda County Medical
Society, Alameda County Eclectic Medical
j Society and the Alameda County Homeo
| patliic Medical Society have agreed that
free clinics and lodge physicians have
been used as a cloak for quacks under the
color of benevolence, and that the end of
I both is a public benefit.
The matter was taken up some time ago
' Ly the .Medical Society, and a committee
' was appointed to secure the co-operation
i of the eclectic and homeopathic schools.
Meetings have been held and the three so
| cieties agreed to stand by their agreement.
j Tlie only point remaining to be decided is
the date on which the physicians will
| withdraw from free clinics and lodges.
••behind the idea of these free clinics,"
said a leading physipian to-day, "there are
two motives. One is humanity and a will
ingness to assist thp po;>r and needy. This
is ali right and a good thing, but behind
it is the greater motive of self-aggrandize
ment. In many cases people come to the
free clinics who need special attention
j and tne attending physician seeine this
I takes the case in band ani charges a fee
! which goes to his own private account.
''Again, in the practice oi lodges to fur
■ nish medical services there is much that is
wrong. Members pay $2 50 or. some stated
| sum f. year and are assured the attention
oi a physician whenever he is needed.
Tliia is given to a young and inex
perienced man or to one who is not of
enough account to make a living in the
world.
Tbe efforts of the physicians will cer
tainly meet with much exposition. The
Altci«nt, American and Independent
Order of Foresters each has a physician
who receives a certain amount and is at
the call of any sick member. The doctors
are carefully keeping in the background
the names of those who started the move
ment to avoid any individual retaliation.
Hawaiian Officials.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— Word has
been received here that Bt-njarain Marx,
formerly a citizen of this city, is en route
to this country, via Canada, as the private
spcretary of Minister Cooper of Hawaii.
He is well known in social circles. He
has been secretary to President Dole since
the latter went into office. Mrs. Marx
and Miss Drussilla Marx are now in
Frankfort, Germany, where the latter is
studying music.
Bled Freely.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— J. Peck, a
horse-trainer, had a tooth pulled yester
day, and almost bled to death before the
hemorrhage which followed could be
checked.
THE SAX FRAK CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1896.
FIREMEN WILL
HAVE A REUNION
Haywards Company Ar
ranges a Thanksgiving
Eve Ball.
Over Thirty Years Since the
First Run Was Made
to a Fire.
KEEN RIVALRY FOR PHIZES.
All th> Surrounding Towns Will
Help Make the Affair a
Social Success.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, Nov. 13. j
Haywards and surrounding towns are
making great preparations for the reunion
of firemen, which is to be held on Thanks
giving eve at Native Eons' Hall.
The leading feature of the reunion will
be a masquerade ball for the benefit of
E. H. DREWS, THOMAS LANE, EX-CHIEF R. KNUDSON,
Chairman Committee of Arrangements. Chief Engineer. Who Will Lead the Exempt*.
These Gentlemen Will Take a Prominent Part in the Haywards
Firemen's Celebration.
Haywards Fire Company 1. It will be the
opening event of the social season for the
interior of the county, and tho interest
shown in it is only a little inferior to that
of last week's election.
Many of the original members of the
fire company will be there only in the
memories of the generation that have
succeeded them.
When the first company was organized
William Hayward, who gave his name to
the town, was one of the most active mem
bers. That was a generation ago and lie,
with many others whose names arecloseiy
interwoven with the history of the county,
have long since closed their records. Many
others who are located in surrounding
counties have been invited to the reunion,
and doubtless it will be the largest gather
ing of fire laddies and their friends ever
seen in trie county.
The arrangements have been placed in
the hands of a committee consisting of
William Pann, John Pann and E. H.
Drew. They have been remarkably suc
cessful in obtaining prizes with which to
stimulate competition among those who
take pride in devising original and hand
some masquerade costumes. Their list
to-nigtit was completed and is as follows:
The best-dressed lady will be given a gold
ring, generously studded with pearls; the
lady with tbe most original costume will
be presented with a silver toilet set; the
most comically dressed lady is to obtain a
silver card- receiver; tbe beat-sustained
juvenile lady character will be given a
silver scbooi set.
The best-dressed gentleman will be
awarded a gold watchchain and locket; he
who can devise the most comical costume
will win a pair of gold cuff buttons, and a
gold ring will be given to the best-sus
tained boy character. There will also be
two valuable door prizes each for ladies
and gentlemen.
Already parties from Alvarado, Mount
Eden, Decolo, Centerville, Paloraares,
Tasajara, Ca->tro Valley, Irvincton, Dub
lin, ban Lorenzo and mauy other little
towns have made Known an intention to
be present, and the eve of Thanksgiving
will be a memorable day.
Th • money realized will be used for the
benefit of firemen who have been disabled
while on duty. During the past few years
there have been some serious fires at Hay
wards and the volunteer brigade have
much good wort to their credit. Some in
juries tiave been received and it is only
by providing benefits that any recom
pense can be awarded. The fire company
po.-sessess one of the most historic and
oldest hand-engines on the coast. Last
Admissiou day they loaned it to the San
Francisco Exempts for tbe Stockton pa
rade, of which it was one of the most in
teresting features.
Chief Engineer Thomas Lane will prob
abiv lead the grand marcli and ex-Chief
11. ivnudson will lead the Exempts.
There are in Haywards many young ladies
who have scored successes at masquerade*
in the paat and they are leaving no stone
unturned to add to their laurels in this
direction. Quite a friendly rivalry al
ready exists among the leaders, of whom
are: Miss Lulu Upboff, Miss Mac Pann,
Miss Ella Horn, Miss Annie May and Miss
Katie Egcert.
This evening the exempt firemen of
Haywards organized a local company.
There are between twenty-five and thirty
five Exempts and they will make the r
first public appearance as a body at the
Ihanksgivin^'-eve "all.
Decoto's Ambitious Kickers.
DECOTO, Cal.. Nov. 13.— The football
boys are hard at it, and although they
have not yet received their suits practice
Sundays and make a good showing as
they line up. The following are the names
and positions of the players as contem
plated, subject to one or two changes: M.
Luna, center; W. Peterson, left guard;
E. Woods, right guard; C. Whipple, left
tackle; J. Carr, right tactle; L. Decofo,
left end; F. Keliey. right end; M. Ander
son, quarterback; Harry Searls, fullback;
F. Garcia, lef*. half; H. Haines, right half.
These boys are all good players and will
stand a show with any team in tno county
outside of Oakland. Good grounds have
been secured right in town and Manaeer
Junl would like to hear from some team
in the county with regard to a game.
Taxpayer* Kuan.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13 — Councilman
Heitman called upon the Tax Collector
last: night for his : tax bill within ten
minutes of fixing the levy. Chief of Police
Lloyd called early this morning and paid
his* taxes— the first to be received. The
Collector's office has been crowded ' all
day, "and Officer Curtis was detailed to
Keep tliem in line.
Eastern applicants for tax bills were
answered last night by their bills ' being
mailed before the office closed and after
the levy was mad . They will be compelled
to rush answers if they get their taxes
paid before they become delinquent. Only
two more weeks re main .in which to pay
before the taxes become delinquent.
"Lodged" to Death.
PLEASANTON. Cal., Nov. 13.— A new
social insurance club called the Artisans
was started here last week. It has already
seventeen members. Pleasanton has now
the following lodges: Masonic (A. F. and
M.), Druids, Portuguese Union, Work
men, Woodmen, Artisans, Rebekahs, Odd
Fellows. Foresters, besides numerous
church societies and a W. O. T. U., and all
these in a town of 1500 or less. , The town
is "lodged" to death, and most us are
worth morn to our friends dead than alive.
Fabiola'a Donation.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— The Fabiola
Hospital Association will hold its an
nual donation party November 24. 25 and
26 at 1060 Broadway. Gifts of all kinds
will be acceptable, and a committee of
ladies will be on hand to receive all offer
ings.
A Gettysburg Hern.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— George
Mullen was arrested at Fruitvale for beg
ging last evening and lodged in the County
Jail While searching him his honorable
discharge papers were found. He claims
to have been in the thickest of the fight at
Gettysburg.
WILL BE A SURPRISE.
Miss Lucy Harms Weds and
Leaves Next Day for
Honolulu.
Agitation Over the Proposition to
Add a Wing to the Handsome
City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 13.— Frank
Sbultis, a young painter of this place,
quietly slipped over to Oakland Wednes
day and was wedded to Miss Lucy Harms
of San Francisco. The bride is the only
daughter of a well-to-do cigar-dealer of
San Francisco. Yesterday she took the
steamer Monowai for Honolulu and her
father is none the wiser for her marriage.
Miss Harms was preparing for a journey
to the island and when she arrived at tbe
boat "papa" was there, but never sus
pected anything. Several of the bride's
friends who wero informed of the secret
were on hand. As she started for the
boat they showered rice and old shoes at
her and still' the trusting father never
suspected anything. After the boat had
sailed he walked off the pier with his son
in-law, but never a word was uttered
about the ruarriace.
Mr. Shultis said this afternoon that he
will join his wile, if she wishes it, on the
island, where he thinks he can do well.
The Library Question.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 13— The propo
sition of an annex to the City Hall, as sug
gested by Trustee Leydecker, for tbe use
of the Free .Library, is meeting consider
able opposition. Many are opposed to mar
ring the symmetry of the hall by patch
ing on a wooden structure. Others are
opposed to cutting a stairway Unto the
Council chambers, dividing the latter by
a temporary partition. H. P. Mathewson
in an open letter vigorously oppos a the
scheme.
Thanksgiving for the Poor.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 13.— The poor
of this city are to be provided for on
Thanksgiving by the Christian Endeavor
ers. The city union met last evening, and
T. L. Hierlihy was appointed chairman
of a committee of six to take the work in
charge.
By His Own Hand.
ALAMEDA, Cxi., Nov. 13.— The mys
tery connected with the fire at the resi
dence of V. E. Dorm. 1436 Charles street,
bus been cleared. Dunn is not in his right
mind, and he lit the hre himself. He was
sent to the Stockton Asylum to-day by
Judge Fnck. Dunn thinks his only hope
of saltation is to burn himself alive.
Commerce Street.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— The long
standine dispute over the opening of Com
merce street is about to be settled by a
compromise between the protestants and
the commissioners. The original expense
of the opening wa.3 $35,000, but it has been
reduced to $15,999 and accepted. After
the necessary clerical work is done the re
port will be filed, thus ending the litiga
tion.
Dresser* Death.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— Herman T.
W. Dresser, 77 years of age, died yester
day quite suddenly. No pnysician wasyin
attendance, so an inquest will be held.
Several months ago he was thrown from a
car of the Oakland Consolidated, and he
had a suit pending against the company
for damages. An attempt may be made
to show that it was the cause of his death.
A Cakewalk.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— There is to
be a real cakewaik at the Oakland Theater
Saturday and Sunday evenings, in con
nection witb the presentation of "Uncl«
Tom's Cabin."
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
YOUNG PEOPLE CONVENE
Seventh Annual Meeting of the
County Sunday-School
Union
Held in the First Presbyterian Church
of Berkeley— Officers for the
Next Tear Elected.
BERKELEY, Cal.. Nov. 13.— The sev
enth annual convention of the Alameda
County Sunday-school Union took place
this afternoon and evening at the First
Presbyterian Church, Allston way. At 2
o'clock this afternoon a devotional meet
ing waß led by Rev. Dr. H. A. Ketchum,
pastor of the Berkeley Presbyterian
church. At 2:30 the business of the con
vention was transacted.
It was decided to divide the county so
that local meetings can be held which will
be visited by a regularly appointed super
intendent. The officers elected ior the en
suing year were as follows:. President,
Rev. Robert Whitaker, pastor of the
Twenty-third-avenue Church in Oakland;
vice-president, R. T. Stewart; secretary,
Miss Frances Alexander of Oakland; stat
istical secretary, William W. Kaye of
Berkeley; treasurer, Mrs. J. A. Plumber
of Alameda.
The officers, together with the following
five members, were chosen as the execu
tive committee of the association: Rev.
p. W. Perry, Rev. J. F. Moody, Rev. H.
A. Ketchum, Dr. C. A. Davis and Mrs.
William Briggs.
At 3 o'clock an address was given by
John McCarthy of Berkeley on "Teaching
to Give." This was followed by an ad
dress on "Missionary Education in the
Sunday-school, " by Rev. J. K. McLean of
Oakland. A discussion on the address by
Miss Alexander and R. T. Stewart fol
lowed.
At 5 o'clock a "tea and talk" was held,
at 7 o'clock a praise service, at 7:30 a
chalfc talk by S. F. Langford of East Oak
land and at 8 o'clock an address on "How
to Make the Sunday-school a Real School"
was given by Rev. F. D. Bovard of Ala
rneila. Following the address of Dr.
Bovard was an address on "Soul Winning
in the Sunday- c chool, or the Sunday
school as an Inquiry-room" by Rev.
James Curry, D.D., of Temescal. About
250 people were present.
Gift to Professor Putzker.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. VS.— Professor
Putzker of tbe Department of German at
the State University was the recipient yes
terday of a valuable gift from his classes
in German literature at the Mark Hop
kins Institute of Art, where he lias been
delivering a course of extensive lectures.
It was a copy of the Standard Dictionary
with an elaborate holder, and also a set of
resolutions expressing iheir deep appre
ciation of his efforts.
He Did Not Know It.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 13.— George
Meiechia of Dwight way has had tbe pe
culiar exp-rience of living for a week with
a broken ieg and not finding it out.
MelecUia fell from a wagon about a week
ago, seriously injuring his right leg. It
was thought at tirst that the injured mem
ber was only sprained, and it was treated
accordingly. A surgeon was called and it
was found that a serious fracture had
taken place.
Dr. 1 ayne Slightly Improved.
BERKELEY, Cal., Nov. 13.— 0r. F. H.
.Payne, who was so seriously injured last
j Tuesday by being thrown from a horse, is
slightly on the mend, but is still in a
very critical condition, it not being known
| whether he will raliy from the shock or
not. He is in a semi-conscious condition
most of the time, and only comes oat of
the swoon occasionally. Even v.en he
does not recognize those about bim nor is
be aware gi his condition. Dr. Eastman
said to-day that while he had hopes of Dr.
Payne's recovery, there was no telling at
what moment a relapse would come.
POOR BUT PROUD.
Without Money or Friends, an Unknown
Man Bids Farewell to the World.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— A stranger
called at sub-Postoffice No. 1, at Broadway
and Ninth street, Sunday, and asked for a
sbeet of paper. It was given him and he
carefully wrote a letter at one of ttye desks.
When it was finished he asKed if it would
be forwarded without a stamp, and was
told it would not. He wrote on the corner
of the envelope after sealing it "Post
master, please forward," and dropped it
into the letter-box. The letter was re
turned to the Bowman Drug Company
Monday for postage, it beariiu: their
name. It was addressed "Christine D.
Thomas, Carpenter street, between Tenth
and Eleventh streets, Philadelphia." It
was opened and found to read as follows:
Oakland, Cal., Nov. 8, 1896.
Dear Sister: I beg of you that you forgive
me of all tue past. Mine is a life of slavery.
To-night 1 seek real. God knows where.
Grieve not, lor soon all will be over. I am
tired o: tbis world. It is raining Here now
and I have no where to sleep* no 'work for
over three months. I have just begged tbis
piece of paper to write you. i had bettei be
dead than alive. I have no money to put a
postage stump on it. so 1 am going to drop it
in the box and maybe they'll send it to you
after opening it. Tell Hamilton and Selma
eood-by. I shall jump into the bay to-night.
From your brother.
P. S.— l shall leave no one to mourn my loss.
George and aunty is the cause ot it, all driven
from home, and before 1 beg I would rather be
dead.
The firm placed a stamp on the letter
and was going to forward it, bat decided
to let the Chiel of Police take note of the
contents first. When he received the let
ter he kept it and only made it public to
day. N. H. Koser, who was in the oflice
when the request for paper was mane,
supplied it and watched him while writ
ing. He says the man was tall and slen
der and wore a black suit of well-worn
clothes. He had a sandy mustache and
appeared to be about 35.
AIDED BY SCHOONMAKER
He Says the Alliance Is the
Best-Uniformed Political Or
ganization in America.
Urges That They Escort the Presi
dcnt-E ect From Canton to
Washington.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Nov. 13. I
The Republican Alliance was greatly
encouraged to-day by the assistance it re
ceived from Hon. F. X. Schoonmaker.
Tbis afternoon that gentleman sent tbe
following dispatch to the chairman of
arrangements at Canton in connection
with the Me Kir. ley inauguration:
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal, Nov. 13.— Tne Oak
land Alliance Club, composed entirely of the
picked men of California, numbering 150, rep
resenting in the most comprehensive way the
National spirit of the State, hss arranged to
attend the' inauguration and requests tbe
honor of acting as escort to President-elect
McKinley from Canton to Washington.
As tue victory in this State is the most ere i
ltable of all won, because achieved against the
greatest odds; as the headquarters of '.he club
is In Alarm-da County, which won the S'.ate by
giving 5300 majority, and as the Alliance Is
In my opinion altogether the best uniformed
organization of American civilians at present
in the country, please urge ihe acceptance of
its request as the most graceful thing the
President can do and the one most likely to
tie California and its brilliant future to the
Republican party. F. X. Schoonmaker.
President Morrow issued tne following
circular to-day:
"ON TO WASHINGTON."
Members of the Republican Alliance— The
above caption is used in no jocular sense. Tne
trip enn be made, and would not only be a
splendid advertisement but would lend luster
to the Slate of which almost every member
can say. "I am native and to the manner born,"
and which was snatched from the Popocratic
column by the efforts of loyal cit-zuns of our
county.
The money necessary for the trip can be
raised. Your board of directors has already
taken the matter in hand and will unques
tionably succeed.
The question of vital importance is how
many members can and will go? Betier no
trip than an insignificant representation.
Thoroughly concerted action is necessary on
the yrart of all to secure success. We have
made our reputation ana must sustain it. To
that end a general meetinsj of the members ot
the Alliance is hereby called for Saturday
evening, November 14, at headquarters. The
meeting is open to full and free discussion of
the proposed trip, and every memt.er is ex
pected to attend. The trip to Washington de
pends upou you.
Pioneer's Death.
HAYWARDS, Cal., Nov. 13.— William
AlcAusland, a pioneer resident of this
place, who died yesterday morning from
diabetes, will bo buried by Hie local lodge
of Workmen to-morrow. He was a native
of Scotland, 62 years of age. and came to
Yuba County in tne early days. He was
naturalized there in 1863 and came to Aia
rneua County in '69, settling near town,
where he was a successful rancher for
many years. He leaves a widow, five
daughters and four sons.
Episcopal Mission.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 13.— Archdeacon
Webber will open another mission service
at the Church of tbe Advent on East
Twelfth street and Twelfth avenue, Mon
day evening. His appearance iast year
was followed by a remarkable change of
sentiment regarding his work, and the in
terest of all members is now centered on
the coming services.
Diseased Mind.
OAKLA.ND, Cal., Nov. 13.— Thomas
F. Henderken of Berkeley was committed
to Stockton to-day. He is married and
about 43 years of age.
A fancy dress ball is given once a year
by the lady artists, sculptors, singers and
actresses of Berlin. No males are per
mitted at this ball, and about one-thir i of
the attendants pom mascuiine costume.
V^"^ Br. Gibson's Dispensary^
/fe^l 4?Hf?»w EA ? X V ST ' Established
Wal r^ in 185* for the treatment
O: ;£5 t , EA ; tXYST - Established
in ISM for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
wearlngon bodyandmindund
Vs?it»«H'.<'l skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
><SABWiga2, ' - Try him. Charges low.
B r. ». Ü BS%%^;^Sa^r O aS£
fmWILCOX COMPOUND
ANsY*Pms
Safe and sure relief, never fail, others '
are Imitations. At all druggists. Writ« for
Woman's Safeguard FREE. WILCOX MKDI- '
_ oktk Co.; 22KSo. Eighth St.. Philada.. Pa.
OCEAN TRAVEL. , : V,
OCEANIC S.S. CO. IT\ days TO
HAWAII. SAMOA, ft*. HONOLULU ■
NEW ZEALAND, fl it
AUSTRALIA. \/S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. b. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, -Satur-
day, December 6. at 10 a. x. Special party rates.
. *. 8. ALAMEDA sails: via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, December
10, at 9p. m. .
Line to COOLG AEDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN'
South Africa. ;
J. D. SPRKCKELS <$: BROS. CO., Agents. '
o_ . — „ » 114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office, 327 Market sU San Francisco.-
PACIFIC COAST_STEAffISBIP €0.
STEAMERS. LEAVE BROADWAY J3wa«
wharf, San Francisco, as follows: . •feff^g
For Mary Island, LoritiK. Wrangel.' Jnneau.'Kll-
Usnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at if a. m., Nov. 10, 25.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Wi.atcom (Beillneham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
Nov. 6, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C P. K.
X., 9* Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,- at Seattle with O.
N. it. .Pert Townsend with Alaska steai::-?— .
For Kureka, Area: a and Fields Landing (Hum.
boldt Bar), sir. Pomona '2 p. it, Nov. 1, 6,,3, 13,
17. 21. 25, 29, and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos,
Port Harford (San I uls Obispo), Uaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Ancreles) • and Newport, : at 9 a. m.
Nov. 3, 7, 11, 15, 10, 23, 27, and every fourth
day thereafter. .
For san Diego, stopping only at Port Hartord i
(San Luis Obispo), :-anta Barbara, Fort Los An- I
feles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a.m. Nov.l, 5. 9, 13, 17, 21, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For Ensenada. San Joje del Cabo. Maratlan. La
Paz and Guaymas (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
a. if. 25th of each month. .
'i hp Company reserves right to change steamers
or sailing dates. Ticket office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
OOODALL, PERKINS * CO., Gen'l Agents.
■ 10 Market we. San Francisco.
THE O. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAbT STEAMERS TO
PO3RTIL.AN < ID |
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
"I? A T)"l7»f«i3 First-class \ Including
X x\.XVX!i \*ti Second-class /berth <t meals
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California ....Nov. 9, 19, 29, Dec. 9
Columbia.. ...........Nov. 14, 24, Dec. 4, 14
Through ticket* and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon applica-
tion to gcjqaswjoagfc* ' ■ - - -
F. F. CONNOR. General Agont. ,
--•:-.. 630 Market street.
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Superintendent-
CO3IPAGSIEGESERAL TRAISATLASTIQU3
". French. to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIEK(NEW),42 NORTH JWa
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by «5e*X!R
this line avoid both transit by English railway
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New. Y oric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parti.
flrsi-clas3sl6.»; second-class, *ll<i ; -: .
LA TOURAINE ........... ■.;...;.. .Nov. 21, Noon
LA GASCOGNE ........Nov. 28, 5 a. m.
LA BRF.TAGNii:..... .......Dec. 5, Noon
LA I'H \ MP A GNE. Dec. 12, 5 a. m.
LA TOUBAINB Dec. 19. 9 a. it
j Act, ' a- ur iurtner particulars apply to
; . A. FORGET. Agent,
No. S. Bowling Green, New Yorlc
:j. F. FCGAZI <£ CO.. Agent* a Montgomsry
avenue, San Francisco. -. ■ .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.
At a *-'• M. Daily. I'reic lie: received up
to >:3i> P. M. * ; .
H3" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
. 1 ii 9 only line ciu&ing through rates oa Valley
Road freight. •"-* - .' • " •
STEAMERS:
T. C. Walker, ' ~J. D. Peters,
Mary Gamut, : City of Stockton.
: . Telephone Main 803. 1 C'au Nay. and lmoL Cm .
VALLEJO AND 1. S. NAVY-YARD.
SI'iiAJIKU "MONT I CELLO," -V"
Dally at.. ...........: •10:30 a. at, 4 and 9:30 p. x. ;
Saturdays *10:30 a. m., 4 p. m.
Sundays........ ;.'.". -.....;..'...'. .......B, P. M.
■ Landing Mission-stree- Do;ic. Pier 2. ' :
'■>':■. ■■•..• ■; Telephone Black 2tJl. ...
•Excursion trip, giving 6 hours at Navy-Yard"
FOR SA» JOSE, LOS GATOS & SAXTACRUZ
QTEAMER ALVISO LEAVES PIEU 1 DAILT
Oat 10 a. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso daily at
6p. m. {Saturdays excepted). Freight and ■ Pas- ■
tenger. - i-'are between . San Francisco and Aiviso,
50c; to San Jose, 75c. Clay St., Pier 1. 20 W.
banta Clara St., -Jin Joje. ! -
RATXHOAO TRAVBU
Atlantic ;I^^^^ ;
KAILKOAD C^x^S^iw^^^^il
Trains leave unJ arriva at ßal^^^^SrM
Market-Street i'errj. »4Bs.»l*^swSw*i^
SASTA EXPRESS. J^Mtiß
To Chicaijo via A. & ' I. %S£S£f^oVJTgl
Direct Line * f vl*'!sSza2'***&££A
Leaves da:ly at 4 :30 p. it; carrvinE rol!nian*Faiaco"
Drawing-room : and -Modern Upholstered Tourist
Bleeplng-cars. which run daily through to Chic™.
loulsT^ 8 ' ? n * cars for Denver and St.".
Boston K.Tcarslons. via Kansas City, Chicago.^
Montreal and the White; .Mountains leave every.
; Wednesday. *■'"-". ■. V • ■ ■"'. " J i ■-,,, -. -' ■■" V V ', "*■' i
;^ The best > railway; from California to the East.
New rails, newsies: no dust: interesting scenery,
and good meals in Harvey* dining-rooms. - ;;^:
v ■ San Francisco Ticket Office, 6-44 Market
; St.. Chronicle Telephone Mai*'
i iOtfit U»kl»na. 1118 iiro»a war. ■
Auction Sales
COOK & CO.
183 Koarny Street. .
GORGEOUS CHINA WARE:
MAGNIFICENT ORNAMENTS,
Exquisite. Lamps, Rich Cut Glass,
Beautiful Dinner Sets,
-A-T AUCTION".
■ Tho Greatest Auction Sale in History,
Daily at 2 and 7:30 o'clock p. m.
_^^__. P. .1. BAHTM, Anctlone«»r.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. : -
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN.
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29,
. And Every Fifth Dar Thereafter,
Leave irom a. p. Co.'s Ferry Landing, toot >•
Market St., at 8:00 p. k.
SPECIAL* SI 0 including Berth,
nsTFO \ Am First-class, lncludla?
RATES' $19 Be a^f dMa
For farther Information • apply at 013* Market
street (Grand Hotel ticket office), S. F.
RICHARD AY, T. ii. UOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. ' - Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN I*A« IFIC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC inrtt.)
Tr»ln« leave »ml nn; «liie to nrrlve as
v . ... T SAN. I'II AIMCI!S< «>. ,
ieave— November 7, 1.00 p. m., 1896.— ap.hiv
*O:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Station*. . S:l3a
"«OOa Atlantic Impress, Ogilen and V.tut.. S:l.lp
■ 7:OOa Benlda, VacaTiUe, Bnmsey. Sacra-
mento. Oroville and Heckling via '
Davis 6:45
7:80 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallcjo, Napa,
■ Calistoga and Santa Rosa ....... 6:19p
8:S0a Nilts, San Jose, . Stuck lone,
Sacramento, MarysTllle and Red '■ "• ;
Bluff 4»l»p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton »7asp
9:(H)a New Orleans Kxpresb, Raymond (for
Yosemite), I'reiiio, BakersUeld,,
Santa Itmliara, 1 .03 Angeles, Dem-
Ing, El Paso, New Orleans and
East...: 4i45p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 4:4.Tp
8:00 a. Vallejo..'... •.....-.; '..7..:;: 6:13p
..Niles, San Jose, Livorniore and ■ .
Stockton 7:1.1P
•I:00p Sacramento River Steamers "«:OOp
t 1:3 Op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:4sp
4:OOi> Martinez, San Hauion," Vylkjo,
.';;,':, Napa, Calistoga, •El Verano and
Sautaßosii.. OilSa
4>OOf BenicU, Vncavillc, Wooilland,
Knights Landing, Marysrillc, Oro-
villo aud Bacrainoiil.o J 1:1.1 a
4:3opNi!ea, San Jose ami Livermoro. . . . 8:45*
4i3opLos Angeles Express, < Stockton,
Fresno, Sarita Barbara and Los
Angeles .........:..._,.. io:4Sa
4«80p Hauta Fo Koute. Atlantiu Kxpress
for Mojavo and East... 1 O:I5a
6:OUp European Mail, Oglleii and I'ust.... 9:4« a
6:«0r Hay vrnrils. Niks mid (San J05e...... 7:45 a
J7:OOrVa!leJo.. +7:45p
. 7:»Op Oregon Impress, Sacramento, Marys-
vilio, Bedding, Purtlanil, Pngct
Sound ami K;ist 11:1»A
U10:03p "Suaset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New. Orleans
■■ ■ ■ ■ and East (.. ............. §12:45>
SANTA <'ltrZ lUVInIO.N 1 Narrow inline).
»:I!>A Neivark,(Jcntervillo,Hii!i.loae,l''cltoi),
Boulder Creek, Santa Crn i. and Way
Stations sisOp
•2:15p Newark, Center»ille, San Jose. NeT»
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Crux and Principal Way
Stations ...."IIJ2OA
4: 1.1 Newark. .Sun .logo and l.oa Cut-0n.... 0:50 a
f11:45p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and '^.i-j
Way Stations .....;..:..;;... t7igQp
• COAST l>l VISION (liilnl A T<mt;ihciiil !Sls.)
0:45 a Sau Jose ami Way Stations (New !
Almadeu Wednesdays 0n1y). ...... ls3Op
8:15 a Han Jose, Treii Elliot; Huuta Cruz,
.'. Paciilc Clove. Paso Rubles, .Sau -
Luis OUspo, Guadaluiic, Surf and
. Principal Way . Stations ..." 7:03r
IO:JOa Sau .losonnd Way Still ions 5:O»p
11:30 a Pnlo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:30i- San Mate", Menlo Park, San .lose,
Gilroy,' TreB Piuos, Santa Cruz,
" ' - : Salinas, Monterey ami I'aciHcGrore # IO:4Oa
•»::t»r San Jose and Way Stations I 9:50 a
•4:30p San Jose ami Way Stations »8:10 a
' 3:30p San .Togo and Principal Way Stations »8:50 a
6:30 - San Jose and Way Stations . .'. . . . . . «:.*I."»A
tll:4.li' San Joso n ml Yi'ay .Sintinns j~:4Bp
SAN IiKANUKO AMI HAVWAKI» MH;AI;.
»»G:OOa"1 C 7:13 a
' N:O«A |8:45 a
lo.'oot ' Melrose, Seminary Park, Veils*
*"!S2p Fitohbnr ,SanLea.dro *£$£
3:00p ! . ._ d -1:4.->p
4:00p f " na i 5:45p
3:00p Hnvwards 6:1 3p
5:30p tiAVTfaras. 7:45p
7:00 p. . / . 8:45p
O:OOp * Runs through to Niles. lO:5Op
tfll:lsp^ < From Niles. -->-- (. ttIS:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from, SAN FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (SUp 8)—
♦7:15 >■••■ 0:00 11:00 a.m. tl:00 ♦2:00 t3:00
•*:00- .; 15:00 *6:00 p.m. -
Prom OAKLAND— Foot of Broadway.— *6:00 8:00
10:00 A.M. tIS:CO *l:00 ■ t2:00 *3:00 tl:00
*":00p.M. . . . ' - '■
. A for Morning. ■ P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
"TTuestlaj a and Saturdays. § Sundays and Thursdays.
SiSFRASCISCO&KORTfI PA-
- CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry— Foot of Marke; it.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 A.M.: 12-31'
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. U. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
;'• at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Kztra trips at I :sa
and 11 :30 p. v. ■ - -
BDNDAYB— 8:00, 9:30, . 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3%
6:00.6:20 p.m.
San Kafaol to "Sun FranoUco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:15,. 7:50, 9:20,- 11:10 A. it-
-12:45, 3:40, 6:10 p.m. Saturdays— trlpi
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:35 p. it. .
BTJNDAYS— 8: iO, 9:40, 11:10 a. it: 1:40, 3:41
5:00, 6:'J5 p. v.
Between Ban Francisco and Schuetzen Park sams
■ schedule as above. . .
"~- ■■ i-«-»ve .. Ineff—t Arrive
Ban Francisco. o°t? li Ban Francis0 *
Wiatic I Bxrs- negation Sox- I *«"
Days. | days, destination. PAY a. j DaY3.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 AMI 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 AMi Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:U5 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 ph
Fulton, ~ i """-""—■.
7-^0 am Windsor, " 10:'J5ai*
Healdsbur?,
l.ytton,
'. . • • - Geyserville,
8:30 m 3:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?5 pm 6:22 pm
"~TT~ '■ | Pieta, : ~
Hopland & ■ " .
7:30 am I 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:85 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am ~ ~~ ' ~ 10:25 am
• . 8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 . ■■•■•■. . .- . . 6:S2pm
7:30 8 :00 am! Sonoma 10 :40 am 8:40 am
~w - and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm! Glen Ellen. | ■ 6:10 PM 6:22 pm
7:30 am 1 8 :0U am setaantmol 1 10:40 am 1 10:2 >am
8:30 j o :UO pm Sebaato P°H [ 6:10 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Cay and i*akepor:; at
Hopland. for Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at
Uklah i for Vichy springs. Saratoga Springs, _Jßla3
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Pmter
Valley, John I Day's, Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Boonevllle,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclao City,
Fort Brai?B. I We3tport, Usa!, ■ Wlllets, Cuhto. Co-
velo, Laytonvllle. Harris, Scotia and Kureka. '
.* ' Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced !
rates. ■••:•-•-■:■■■-■-■.•.■•-■•.'- ■ ' \ ■: - .
: On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle handing •
WHITING, - ; • E. RYAN,
' ■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent ,
IORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
' (Via Sausalito Ferry).'
From San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 1 •
WEEKDAYS. , : V/
For Mill Valley and San" Rafael— l2s, •9:13,
11:00 A. M.: »1:45, 3:45, *5:15. •5:45, :30 p.m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wedne*
', days and Saturdays at. 11:30 p. M, ■ - .
<i - , .-. t .: . • • SUNDAYS. ■ •
For Mill Valley and Son Kafael— »B -.00, •10:0«
•11:30 a. M. :*l;bO, 3:00, *4:30. 6:16 F.M.
Trains marked * run to San Uuentln. ; - - -
i-: : THROUGH trains. -y,\
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7:2s a. m.
Weekdays, 8:00 a. m. Sundays, 1:4& p. m. ■ 6atoi»
days. ■;•-..; .:..-.: • .--. --. ■ • -.■;■".-- ■- '
. - l- or Cazadero and war stations— A. X. w*el»
days; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays. ;.., - 
MOIJVT TAJIALPAIS.
y , Trains connect ' with North PaelO*
Coast Kailroad.a^SaaggMi^MMWM
.WEEK-UAY6-U»vo a F. 9:1"5 a. v. 1:45 p x.
; Returning— Arrive a P. 8:25 p m 6:20 p m.
SUNDAYS-LeaveB.F.BA.M 11:30 a. X. 1:3 L» p uL "
Returning- Arrive S.F.I rls p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 P.M.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or
win v COOK * "OXS, 621 Market St., 8. F.
: MJU VaUejr and iixtaai Xanaioals Bctßi6£«U\r»jfc
1112
TRAPPEAN WON
EASILY AT 50 TO 1
The Outsider Disposed of
Candor in a Common
Canter.
Sport McAllister, Backed From
12 to 6 to i, Beat Belli
coso Out.
GEOEGE PALMER WON DRIVING
Harry 0 Lasted Long Enough to Head
Premata Past the Wire— Purser's
Perseus Tork a Purse.
There was just a little sunshine for the
"chubbern" or small bettors at Ingleside
yesterday, and several small fortunes were
made on a very little investment.
Trappean, who opened at 30 to 1 in the
betting on the second race of the day and
leisurely strolled backward in the books
until 50 to 1 was freely offered, won with
consummate ease, finishing four lengths
in front of the 6 to 5 favorite Candor.
Those aware of the colt's ability accepted
some of the ring's liberality, and there
was considerable rejoicing among a select
few at the conclusion of the race.
The delightful weather drew out the
largest attendance of the week, with the
exception of "ladies day." The track was
faster and a marked improvement in the
time was noticeable.
Favorites were successful in but two of
the events run. Sport McAllister, al2to 1
sho 1 , who won very cleverly, was the means <
of quite a clean-up by hi* people.
The Spreokels entry, George Palmer,
was a warm 3 to 5 choice for the first
ev-nt, a five and a half mrlong scramble
for two-year-olds, and he barely reached
the coal first. Su--arfoot, who showed h
tremendous reversal of form, led until
within forty yards of the wire, when the
favorite passed him and won by half a
length.
Thirteen platers next started in a six
furlong sprint, with Candor backed down
to 6 to 5 favoritism.
The brown mare set the pace to the head
of the stretch, where Trappean, a rank
outsider, easily overhauled her, and, tak
ing th.* lead, won with something to spare.
Candor was second, three lengths ah ad of
Tenacity.
A five-furlong dash, with the weights
raised twenty pounds above the scale, was
considered a good thing for Bellicoso, who,
carrying 142, was well supported at 4 to 5.
Sport McAllister, with 127 pounds in the
s ddle, jumped out in front at the start
and was never headed, leading the favorite
out by over two lengths in 1:03J4. Cymoor
bolted when the barrier was raised, caus
ing Sir Play and Mount Roy to be virtu
ally left at the post.
H. Martin got one of the second choices,
Harry O, home first in the seven-furlong
run for maidens. Racing a head behind
Sir Philip to the bend for the wire Martin I
sent his mount to the front and in a very !
hard drive beat the 5 to 2 favorite, PrJ
mata, out a half length. Colonel Weight
man was third.
Ed Purser played his gelding, Perseus,
down irom fours to 6 to 5 to pull down the
purse hung up for the final six-furlong
run, and in a drive he crossed the mark a
head in advance of Braw Scot, who
showed an electrical burst of speed
through the stretch. Waiter J was a close
third.
Not?s.
Sugarfoot regained his St. Louis form
very suddenly. On October 30 he finished
last of his field, and apain on November 9
he saw all of the starters head him oat,
the last time beaten eighteen lengths, ac
cording to ihe formbook. Yesterday there
was a very quiet play in the books on him,
and it took George Palmer's life to down
him.
Ed Purser backed his filly Modesiia for
place and show honors in the opening
dash. She finished fourth.
Trappean was sold one year ago at the
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB.
F°T U raJk EE £>d H DAY> Friday> November i - Winter meeting, 1896-97. Weather fine.
91.1nc les1 es: T pime C f4'ua IVe * nd * **" furlongß: » eI » D K-. two-year-olds and up; conditions, allow-
Index. I ; Horse, weight. St. 14 %
69 George Palmer. .100 2 4 2
74 ■ Sugar Foot 97 4 2 3
81 Hora io IV. 106 1 ........ lh
67 Do. .re 103' 3 3h
81 ilodestia. 95 5 ..... 63
64 R«-bekah.... SBi 7 6%
. 84 Wiii.a 0wen..... 9 ... 7h
75 Va1d05...... ......105 6 .. 4b
75 Dr. Martin... 104 8 ... . . 9
8 /4 Str.
3h 31
13 13
2 3 I*
54 41
4h 5 5
6% 6
7% 7
8 8
9 9
Fin.
\V% R. Isom !8-5
2 3 E. Jones 6
3 3 Sniaer 12
4 h T. Murphy 2
610 W. Smith 20
6V 2 E. Casey 30
7 3 Cole 50
820 Golden 20
9 | Enos 30
Jockey.
I Betting.
Op. ci.
3-6
8
10
7-2
•20
150
150
75
150
001
iir
on
riving. Winner. A. B. Spreckels 1 b. g., by Ecuador-Kitty Ounn.
Time, 1 -.101,4
92.
bECOND RACE— six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
Index.! Horse, age, weight. St. y±
79 1 rappean, 3 1 (.'2 2 1
70 Candor. 4 108 1
73 T.nucity, i 102 4 ....
70 Gb lant, 4 104 9
67 McFarlane. 4 104! 10 ,
85 Minnie C. a 1041 8
Last Chance, 6. ..104 3 ..'.
82 Irrr.a, 4 106! 6
Bil Jacic Atkln. 3 99111 ...
57 sir Ricuard, a. ...107 5
Ip Autonomy. 5.. 104 13 ..
86 Hlan< he l.ates, 3.104 12
82 I»uke Mevrni, 6.107 7
:%
2 1i
1 h
8h
9 h
4h
5 1
61
12 7%
10
13
3%
%
I 1 h
2%
7 h
11 h
8h
51
61)
4y a
9 i
12 2
10 h
13
32
Str.
•1 1
22
4
6
9 ■'
8
j %
3%
10
12
11
13
7
1 3 Frawlpy 30
9 3 W.Martin 2
3 1 T. Murphy 7
4Va H. Isom 6
5 4 Feidy 30
6 Va -I- Gardner 10
7 1 H. Martin 10
84 Golden RO
9 i>w 30
10 Narvaez 6-2
11 Burlingame 50
1-' Snider 30
13 tnos 50
Hn.
Jockey.
] Betting.
1 Op. ci.
30
8-5
12
6
' 100
10
10
100
60
. -4
100
&0
30
Bad start. on easily. Winner, K. E,
1:16%.
Downing^ br. c., by Imp. Ivern-ss-imp. La Trappe. Time,
93. THIKI) KACK ~Five fnrlODgs: three-year-olds and up; allowances ; parse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight St. 1,4
........ sppt McAllistr. 4.127 47. '.1
60 Bellicose 4........142 5 -.;.
' (07) Montßomery, 3. .'.134 1 ;;
i>B Miss Ban, 3..;....119 « ...
84 «>ola Dust, 6......128 2
Tobey. 4..;, ......124 3 ........
41 Sir Play, 3 .;. 134 left .... :
.......: Cymoor. 6..V. ...:124 left ........
'71 Mount Ror, 5 13i: left ■:
%
5^
26
' 6 '.
81
4h
'/*
11% 11
3 V 3V 3 33
24 2 3
44 44
61 " 510
6 6
I
Str.
— — —
1 3 Narvaez 12 6
2 1 T. A-.nrphy 7-10 9-10
3 6 K. Jones 3 5
4 2 J.Sullivan 100 500
56 WUkins 300 1000
6 E. Uoyd 100 200
H. ■ ;irmi 4 4
Enos 100 800
Sn der 20 60
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. 1.
1.........
Bad start. Yon easily.
W inner, J. H. Tamm'» eh. c., by imp. Krtar TncK-Twiilgtu. I Ime, I :O3V*.
g^ iOUKTM KACK-Seven lurlongs; three-year-olds and upward ; maid ns; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. I St.
V Betting.
Jockey. Op. Cl.
IVa H. Martin ~3 8
2 4 McGlone 5.3 5-2
3 1 J. Gardner 3 7-2
4 1 Freeman 8 12
a 6 Narvaec 30 40
«« Eos 15 60
710 Shepard 7 H
8 4 Boreman 60 inn
- 910 Maloney 30
10 Snider. 0 40
V*
%
2h
b 2
82
4 3
* ih:
75
3 3
10 :
%
lh
!6 4 '
8 10
41
2 3
6 2
33
."■ 9 -•■-■■
74
10
Str.
64 Harry ,3 107; 3
60 P.tmata. 4 107. 6
(37) Col \\ eiphtmn, 4.107 i 7
. 61 Broad Billow, 3.. 107 2
88 Sir Philip, 8 110 1
Fra co, 3 107 6
Masoero, 3 107 4
82 .» oran, 3 1< 7 10
Kajnb, 3 107 8
80 P eceptress, 3 107 9
2b
I*
4 2
lh
75
33
10
5%
lh
31 ~
«3
,: 4 1
2 3
7
S3
■8: ■■.•
9
10
Poor start.
1:32%.
Won driving. Winner. Frank O'Rourke'. br. g., by Imp. Tradewln'd-Dolly 8. Time,
95. FIFTH KACK-fclx furlonga; selling; three-year-olds and up; purse $400.
- •• -•*■■- ' i .- ■":, ■'.'.■■ •-.■■•■■ '
Index.
(70)
• 85
79
73
Perseus. 3 109
Kraw Scot, a 104
Water J, 8... . 107
Road Warmer, 3. 99
ivero, 3 99
Vfragua, 8 104
Gold Bug. 6.... . 104
Tampa, 6- 109
Ca.itan«ate, a. ...101
Kim»r F, 6 104
Doub ful, 3 99
Mlsa Gentry, 6.... 104
Horse, age, weight.
2
3
■ 6
i
5
8
11
4
7
9
10
left
st.
Vi
,2h ;
- 4 b ' ■■'
■m
61
71
10 5
82 :
82
1?*
.3 1-,
° y*
Ik
l l
68 *
71 .
94
•42>
82
10
U',v-. ;
;Btr. . Fin.
>2% 'lh'.
63 : ( 21
•3 3 3 yL~,
1:11- 410
6 61
■7,, . , 6h
8 73
S4%' 8 4-.;
■ 9 ,- 98 •;
10 10 10
11 ■■■■■:■■■- li--.-
C0ady.v..... ....
T. Murphy
Freeman ,
E. Jones. .
H. .Martin ......
B. 1i0m........
..:... '
Golden J
*nepard...r. :..'!
Enos ;.
Aiciiugh:. ....-].
Frawley.. :;.-..;.
Jockey.
-3
6
5
•2 . •
'ft-
-5-2
10
6
8
12
16
30
Betting.
Op. CL
* 8-«
10
10
5-2
10
■ 4
40
10
100
6f6 f
50
100
62
40
86
Kai:
.l«ru Won driving. Winner, K. W. Pnrwr-a b. g., by Imp. KJnTQaTo"]
■X auk a.
Marcus Daly sale of horses in this City for
$150. His dam, L. Trappe. is one oi the
finest-bred matrons at Bluer Root stud,
being a daughter of England's great sire
Hermit.
Duke Stevens at one time looked dan
gerous in yesterday's race, but in the last
furlong grew ugly and fell back to last
position. He can crack watches when
oat galloping alone and some day may
take a r.otion to rap.
Sir R. chard's "pins" are in bad shape
at present and the gray horse is ap
parently a poor investment.
The entry of Cymoor will in future be
refused at Ingleside truck. His bolting
caused Sir Play and Mt. Roy to be left.
Judge Tarn of Stockton looked as pleas
ant at the conclus on of the third race as
President-elect McKinley did when noti
fied ot his election. The Judge backed
Sport McAllister ail around the ring,
cleaning up in the neighborhood of $2000.
It wouid indeed be refreshing to see J.
McGlone make one good ride. He has an
Eastern reputation, but it must have been
attached before he crossed the Rockies.
Lovers of long shots were in clover yes
terday. Some of the books had 1200 to 1
chalkea against Gold Dust.
Coloiiei'Weightman was heavily played
by the paddock crowd in the
fourth event, and at the conclusion of the
run had a vote been cast for the most
popular jockey on the track J. Gardiner
would just about have been snowed in.
His saddle work has not impressed people
out this way very favorably.
It is said that every lime "Bill" Marry
of Cambridge stable fume has a horse en
tered that is strung up to concert pitch
the animal is muzzled, the muzzle is
locked with a patent key and the Key
goes in William's right boot. Yesterday
Murry had occasion to pet a troublesome
bunion and removed his boots. In pulling
them on again he not the right one on the
left foot and vice versa. Time came to
get Perseus ready, and Bill, fueling in the
right boot, rould not find .he key. There
was great consternation in Cambridge
stable neighborhood until a stable-boy
asked the portly trainer how his feet be
came twisted, and then the key was found.
The secret in now out, and hereafter the
touts will inhabit the reeion of the stable to
discover whether or not that patent muz
zle fits on the horses' face.
Tampa was cut off at the head of the
stretch by Perseus, but was evidently
beaten at the time of tlie occurrence. She
should run better next time out.
Phil Archibald was fortunate enough to
have $4 on Trappean. Bob Davenport and
Hugh Jones also heid tickets on the out
sider.
Following are the entries for to-day:
First race, one mile, selliiig-?79 St. Aienon
92, 82 E>irl Coehran 98. 89 Del None 108, 82
Arti< us 110. 54 Miss I un inerham 92, 95 Wai
ter J 93. 44 L ng Lady 98, 76 Joe Terry 97,
54 Benemela 99, 73 Favory 108, 68 Scimiinr
99, 73 Enci o 95. 72 Meadow Lark 105, 89
Marcel 99. 89 Navy Blue 101.
Second rate, five fur ongs, two-year-olds—
63 Dunboy 102. Wultf seal 107. Tr6piCßl 110.
(63; H<ward S 115, 83 Bohemian La<s 97, 56
Dura 102, (56) liidi. 110. 56 True Blue 102
Third race, seven furlongs, handicap— (6o)
Libertine 121, (40) Insiallaior 110. (83) imp.
Santa Bella 104. 90 Alvarado 100, (95) Perseus
90, (87) Geyst- r 87.
Fourth race, one and a half miles, hurdle
handicap— 6s JOC 150,37 Huntsman 140.84
Zaragosa 140. 84 Arnn'ie! 138. Tom Clarke
138, 93 Gold Dust 136. Haymarket 128,65
Bedford 128, Yangedeue 125.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles— B6
Instigator 94, (66) Lincoln II 80, (47) Wneel
of Fortune 112, Red Glen 112, 72 Wawona.
100. (57) Strathmcath 112.
Six.h race, -ix furlongs, sjlling— Major Cook
105, (52) La Mascota lOO; (86) Summertime
100, (76) Cutler Joe 107, 33 Schniu 106, (55)
Preston 109. 33 Babe Murphy 101.
ELECTION OF LIQUOR MEN.
Officers Chosen by the California Pro
tective Association.
At the semi-annual meeting of the Cali
fornia Protective A-sociation, which com
prises fifty-six wholesale liquor-dealers in
the City of San Francisco, the following
board of trustees was elected : J. P. Edoff,
E. K. Lilientha), WiJliam Alis. J. IL
Croy. Percy Morgan, A. P. Hotaling Jr.,
H. H. Sherwood, J. H. Mundy. Thomas
Kirkpatrick, J. J. Carroll. These subse
(j".<Mitly elected the following officers: J.
P. Edoff, president; E. R. Lilian thai, vice
president; William Alls, treasurer; Win
field Scott, secretary; George W. Baker,
attorney.
Plans for the future were discussed, but
nothing more definite was done than to
declare it to be the intention of the asso
ciation not to seek legislation of any kind,
but to simply follow its past course of
standing on the defensive against any
hostile legislation, with the object of pro
tecting the business Interests of the liquor
people.
Not Yet Identified.
Dozens of people yesterday called at the
Morgue to view the Dody of the unknown
young man who recently committed suicide
at Point Lobos on the ocean beach. No one
was able to identify the remains. The only
mark or printing about the young man was
the store mark oi Louuian & Co. of Los An
geles. Unless reeoenized very soon the body
will be consigned to the potters' field.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
GRAND JURY AFTER
ABANDONED TRACKS
Determined That Disused
Rails Shall Be
Removed.
This Measure to Be Enforced
Under Pain of Forieiture
ot Franchise.
JUDGE CAMPBELL VINDICATED
Active Committee Work to Prepare
for the Final R port on De
cember I.
The Grand Jury yesterday afternoon in
vestigated the charges pr ferred against
Police Judge' Campbell and exonerated
him. It A-as charged by A. L. Burrough,
Terrence Fagan and William Miller that
the Judge permitted his political aspira
tions to influence his course as a judicial
officer. The essential point of the com
plaint was that a warrant for L. H.
Cohen's arrest was not served until after
election, although it was sworn out some
time before election day. The complain
ants were heard by tue jury and then
Judge Campbell was called in. He con
vinced the members of the Grand jury
that the warrant was not sworn out on a
square proposition, and offered to produce
a witness to prove that an offer had been
made by his accusers to settle the case
with Cohen ' for $68. which the latter- de
clined to pay.
In speaKing of the exoneration, Fred
erick Jtiobbs, loreman, said it was fully
merited. The fact was taken into consid
eration that the Judg had sometimes as
many as one hundred cases a day to dis
pose of. In th's, particular case it was
shown that the warrant was issued a sec
ond time, that Cohen surrendered him
self, and when the case was called no one
appeared to prosecute him.
Police Juoge Con lan may be called be
fore the jury next Tue>d»y to explain some
remarkable delay in the case of the People
vs. Nathan. Attorney Lowentbal has the
case in hand for his client, Mr. Lubeck.
Early la October Lubeck was hit on the
head with a revolver. His assailant was
arrested, but the case lias been postponed
so often in Judge Conlan's court that the
attention of the Grand Jury has been di
rected to ttie delay.
The Grand Jury expected yesterday aft
ernoon to receive a visit from the Super
visors constituting the Street Committee.
It is tne purpose of the jury. to make some
inquiry regarding the condition of the
streets and, therefore, a conference with
the Supervisors was sought.
H. T. Creswell, City and County At
torney, appeared before the Grand Jury at
the request of that body. The subject of
the interview related to non-used railroad
tracks on the public street*. On many of
ths abandoned horsecar lines in this City
the old rails remain to obstruct travel and
disfigure the streets. Obvious the cor-
P 1 rations fancy that a franchise may be
perpetuated or some other, rights pre
served by keeping rails on the unused
tracks. The Grand Jury evidently intends
that the rails of abandoned roads shall be
removed. . In regard to the forfeiture of
franchises for non-use of roads, Attorney
Creswell advised the jury that judicial
proceedings would be required. The Grand
Jury may have entertained the not'on that
the Supervisors, bavin? authority to grant
or sell a franchise, could revoke the grant
or sale at their pleasure.
There will be a special meeting of • the
Grand Jury next Wednesday evening to
consider this subject and other matters
pertaining to the public streets.
The committees of the jury have been
very active during the past week. . Much
material has already been collected for the
final report, which will "probably be sub
mitted to Presiding Judge Slack as early
as December .1. Robert Hi sht, William
F. Man and George Jones have visited the
Po ice Department, police patrol and City
Prison; W. L. A-he, Harry W.Goodall
and E. P. Famsworth recently paid a visit
to Golden Gate Park; E. P. Far worth,
W. L. Asheand D. B. Jf'aktor have taken
observations concerning the management
of the Fire Department; H. S. Hagan, J.
Ross Jackson and E. P. Farnsworth will
have something to say in the report
touching the manner of conducting the
public schools-^^^^^^^^^^^^^^H
AFTER TWO DECADES.
Mm. Knight Say* Her Former Husband
Grievously Deceived lier.
Mrs. Roso Knight, residing in New York
City, has filed a suit against A. H. Lough
borough, as executor of the will of Victor
H. Masson deceased, for a share of the es
tate of Masson. In her complaint Mrs.
Masson, who is now the wife of Ed Knight,
the opera-singer, sets fortli that she was
Masson's wife until November 11, 1876,
when she obtained a divorce; that she did
not understand the English language and
that Masson dec ivpd her as to the amount
of the community property ; that the court
adjudged her to bo entitled to eleven
twentieths of such community property,
which Masyon made her believe amounted
to only $500, whereas in fact it was worth
$75,000. She now asks that tne executor
be ordered by the court to pay to her the
rightful share to which «he is entitle I.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Henry W. Bradley to Jennie A. Brickell, lot on
SW co ncr of Eddy and Franklin streets: W 137 -a
by t> 120; $5.
Addle and Josiah Howell to Sadie Hecht Gerstle,
lot on N line of Wash I net on street. 130:6 E of
Webster, E 5t7:10V» by N 127:8 Vi: $10.
same 10 Hilda Hecht Gerstl-, lot on N line of
Washington street, • 168: «% X of Webster. E
12:7^i by N 127:6: $1 ••
; Letllia noun tree to Grace L. Tufts, lot on W line
of Central avenue. (Lot: street), 125 soflialchL
street, > 25 by W 112:6; $10. < , ;,
' Mary E. Marshall to Jane: M. Bales (wife of P
8), lot commencing 46 feet from- NE corner of
Map c and Sacramento : streets, N. 127:8*4 by X
4t>: $100. BMMBHttEMMßattWTijiyMMy^a^t«^[fa | . ( Aqn
same to William . A. Marshall, lot on NE corner
of Mai.l« and Sacramento streets," M 127:8*4 by X
46: 9100 ' -'SOHBi'VHßMMßjqpaMgnMfaigfe'
. aue M. Bates, wife of Philip 8., and William A.
Marshall to Mary K. Marshall, lot c mm'-nclng 92
feet from NE corner of Maple and Sacramento
streets, N 127:8 l 4 by E45:8:. 55.
William A. Marsh ill to Jane M. Bates,* wife of
Philip a.,' lot commencing 46 feet from NE corner
of Maple and Sacramento streets, N I^7:BVi by
46; f i.
Jane M. Pates, wife of Philip 8., to Wll lam A
Marshall, lot on NE : corner of , Maple ■ and .Sacra
mento streets." N 127 :BVi by X 46: $5.
jj ! Char es C. Bemii to • ... ary B. '. Pratt, Henry H.
Alexander H., Sophie O. aud Georgia C. Buhne.
undivided quar er of lot o i NW corneroi Twenty
seventh; and 'Guerrero* streets, i W"s6o,' ; >> i.'2B E
260, 8 114, E 200. N. 62:6, E 100. S 176:6, ex
cepting a strip of land. owned by the southern
Pacific Rail r>> ad Company of a uniform width of
1 O feet -■ 9 10. . , • ■.
Lillie C. Haswell to Mary A. and Nellie C. Has
well. It on .\ line of Greenwich s.re«-t. 97:6 E of
Stockton, E 40, N 187:6, W 37:6. & 50, W ii:6, &
8?:6: gift... • _ .■ ■ ; .
: Max and Fannie A dler to Alfred ■- W. Monren
stern; loton W line or Mason street, 44 N .of Jack
son, N 24:9 by AV- 77:6;. $10. •■ : . • ■•
Mantel Buck «y ,to P. T. Christensen, lot on E
line of Larktn street. 55 M of Chestnut, S 27:6 by
E llu, quitclaim deed: $10. ... --.■■;-'-•
-' P. T. and Cecilia Chris ensen to C. A. and Emily
M. A. Kennlff. same; $10. : r-i ■'-. : ;-; "'• : i .-,
'James and Sarah Macken to Thomas B Bishop
lot on SW line of Fremont street. 187:6 WE of
Howard street, ■6E ■• 137:6, SW B>, S W 90. sw
67:6, N W 47:6, NE 137:6 trust a°ed;S-_X*
Thomas B. Bishop j (trustee)/ 1 to -Ellen ? M. otto
(Macket.). ; wife of A. F. Macken, and Elisabeth
Macken. same,' premises: If . :: ;
J. B. D«iieibaca to Annie J. Detteibach, lot on
SE line of Minna street, 276 SW of Seventh, SW
22 :S by SK 80; gift. ,
Lucy C. Ked ngton to Charles A. Warren and
Kdward Malley. lot on \V line of Connecticut
street. 50 Sof Army (Colusi), S i! 6by W 100: flO.
M; ; ru-ur« an-1 John F. Tlgae to James P. Swee
ney, lot on W line of First avenue, 62:1 JA s of
Lake street, 6 25 by W 85; also lot on SW corn r
of -eveuth avenue and C street, S 25 by »v 120;
Mrs. M. F. CumminßS to August Vogel, lot on X
line of Twf.fih avenue, 175 » of California street,
b 2b by E lao. *10.
Wihiam and Elizabeth A. Wilson to John Hed
qu st, .o on X line of Congo street, 60 N of Moul
ton »venue, 125 by 100, Delug lot 7, b.oclc 42, ouii
nyside; $dSO
John and Augusta Hedqutst to William Wilson,
■arae; $10.
Will am M and Sarah M. McDonald to Frank L.
Knhi-, lot on SW line oi Fifteen h avenue >outh,
5226 sk of L street south, sh 87 -.6 br SW 100, be
ing (.onion ot lot 5. b oclc 809. sutitn -an Kran
circo Homestead and Itnilroud .'^sociatlon; o -rant-
AI.AMKI'A COCSTT.
J. J. Scrivner to A. J. Smithsou, lot on S line of
Thirty-fifth stree , 316 W of Grove, W 10U by »
I'-'w.S, bein_- lots 8 and 9. block ii. map of P op
erty Centra! i.and Company , subject to mortgage
| to correct 576, deed 194, quitclaim deed, Oakiaud;
i-irst National Ban. of Oakland to Etna C.
Ran oo,li;iooNr. corner f OS3 avenue and
\ eruon street, X 49, X 132, S 49, W 132:3. Bel ,«
portion of lots 1, 2 and 3, block H, Stanford Tract
Oakland; $10.
A cud ,rD Keres to 1- H. Sly, lot on X line
of Oak steet, 100 S of Twelf h, X to W line of
Fal.on sire t, * 100 W o B line of Oak street. N
10u to beginning, being the > half of bloc* 166,
Oak- and: $10.
C. K. Boman to t- ranees C. and Fiank D. Myers,
lot on Ni corner of lirus.i and lwelfth strceis. N
125 by KB7-.6, together •• i h personal property,
quitclaim deed, oaklund: 9.0.
Mury K. Mur.n.ail o William A. Marshall, lot on
NW line of Piedmont or .Magnolia and Bomta
avenues. X 248.37, W 361.50, a 250, E to begin
ning, bern bio. k 1, i'iediijOiit Park, Oakland
Township; $ 100.
Pedro A. v. -oares to Isabel N. Qnla.-te (wife of
Joseph), lot on N* line of t^rayson street, £0 X of
Hxth. X 50 by N 100. being .ots 7 and 8, block 165.
Gri yson Tract: nlso lot on W line of Eighth street,
436.60 s of Charming « ay, W 135. .»- 33.79. S
135. N 41 to beaming, being lo 20. block 135,
corrected m^ p of A very Traci, Berkeley; «lt).
Johan H. C. and Margaretha I . Prien o LorentE
I- Bchuler. lot on S line of Tay or place. 340.9 4-^0
W of Sixth s reel, W 48.8 "J-iO by S 106.3, Oe ng
lot 18, lands of '1 euionta l'ar«. and Homestead
; Associ-tion, .M meda; $10.
.Myron T and Marion B. Holcomb to Matilda It.
J Hil . a onr-iii ths interest in lot cmNWUneof
Pearl stre -t, 200 SW of Central avenue, NW 272
I by SW 50. being lot 5. b.ock 10, map of portion of
; Hays and Caperton property, subject to a mort
i gage, Alamela: $10.
L. H and Lizzie s>ly to P. E. Bowles, lot on X
I line of Klevei.ih street, 100 E of oak, E 200 by N
: 100. Bel ni: lota 19 to 27i block 166. Oakiaud. $10.
! Jumes BreCK to C i- sturm, lot on X me of
Ka t Filli onih street, 100 W of Twentieth avenue,
i W 50 by N 140, bt ing lots 7 aud 8, block 26, *an
Antonio, Kasi uakland; $10.
Chanes 1., and .Man -iiirm to Oakland Bank of
| Savings, same, Kasi Oakland; *10.
I Johu \. 1 anon io Mary A. M. gep. lots Bto 15,
. bio. k 30, aud lots 18 to 32, block 31, Tract B.
I Berkeley L. aud T. I. Association. Berkeley; $10.
1.. C. and Miriam Mor> bouse to Hazel . Cook
son, lot 69, in p <.f Elmhurst Park ao. 'I, Brooklyn
| Township: $5.
H. tin Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Emma L strak
kart. lot on NW line of Over sln»-t, 3.,0 S\v of Al
lendale avenue, s» \ 66 44, NW 160.29, HE 70 09,
si , on to beginning being lotM 19 un I 20. blocs 8.
AHeiidale Tract, B ooklyn lownship: $10.
James ani ■ary llaimon to Tliomas K. Hanson,
lot on 8 line of Eagle avenue, -50:41,4 w of Park
! street W .■•5 by s 14 i, block 45, Aliuturn Tract,
I Alarueda: $10
Annie J.Nahl to Henry Michaels, lot on x ' line
! of Central avenue since widened to 80 feet. 100 W
\ of <iradd sireet S\ 90, N 207:6, .. 40, s 57:6, E
j 50, H 150 to oecinnin- . block 6, lands adjacent, to
Encmal, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. M. C. I>resser with Charles Koenig, alter
-1 ing present t v .dinir into a coal .ard with flat
I above and stable in rear on NU corner of Lacuna
Stree. and Birch avenue; «i 907; architect, Charles
I Koetiu'.
Improved Order !:ed Men's Hall Association
( with 1 raser Electric Kiev tor Company, ail work
for an elevator at 280 Post street; $3700; no
architect.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
Br SIN ESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES—S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larktn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
£W. corner Sixteenth aud Mission streets, op*»
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
_^_¥» sjMp.NON MBJIOiUAXt M ETHODIST
**"- cr Kpiscopal Church, cor. Hayes and Buchanan
sts.— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; re-id, nee, 309
Haight st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:3 1 p. m.
The pastor will preach at both r services.
Subject at 11 a.m., "The Christian Agnostic":
a*. 7:30 p.m. "Tlie^Virue of the cross." : Sun-
day-school at 12:30 p. M.. C. B. Perkins sup-
erlntendenui'Epworth Leacue service at 6:30 p. m.
The public cordially Invited ; to all the services
of this church.;. Seats free. Ushers in attendance.
I ruyer-iueeting Wednesday evening at 7:45
o'clock.' , . •■ ' ■
Br^S* < r-NTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
w^*' Church, Mission st , bet Sixth and Seven h,
R< v. E. R. Dille.. D.D., pas. or. Pastor's resi-
dence, •_'!<• Mission st. The junior will preach
at. 11 a. M : subject, "Spiritual Power" [tithe
evening hey. W. A. Spencer. D.D.. of Philadel-
phia, ( hurcb Extent on secretary of the Methodist
Episcopal church, will p each. Dr. spencer will
aso sing "It Pays to. Serve Jesus", and "The
Promised Land of Freedom." Sunday-school, 1;.
V. Watt superintendent. 11 a.m. Young People's
Society of Christian I ndeavor at 6:30 p. m. Seats
free. Hverpbody welcome.'
tt^3f» HOWARD-ST. M. E. CHURCH. HOW-
••-*' ard street, bet. Second and Third, two
blocks from the Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W.
Case, D.D., pastor. Mar In Schullz, musical di-
rec.or. W. F. Gibson, Sunday-school supennten l-
ent. The special music to-morrow evening will i
consist of a soio by Miss Jennie Gibson of Grand
Rapids. Mich.. Ho: rs of public services, 11 a.m.
and 7:30 P. M. Sun.iay-scnool at 32:20. - Prayei-
met ting \. edneslay evening, 7:45. Epworth
League. e:SO Sunday evening. Morning subject,
"Awake and Put on Your Beautiful Garments"-
evening, subject. "A- City of Dives. Dens and
Drunkards." Dr. Spencer of New York will ad-
dress the league at 6:30. . Pastor's resiaen»e, 140
I awthorne si., near ibe church. Telephone red
961. Church telephone black 961.
f^iS* HOWARD PRKSBYTERI AN CHURCH,
■^^ cor. Oak ana Baker sts. (entrance to pan-
handle of Golden Gate Park)— Rev. F. R. Farrana
pastor; residence 619 Devisadero st. Services at
II a. m. and 7:46 p. m. Morning theme, "The
by to Heaven"; . evening theme, "Solomon and
Christ." Music by quartet of select voices. Sab-
bath-school at 9:30 A. m. : . Y. P. 8. C. K. at 630
P. m. Prayer-meeting at 7:45 p.. m. We inesdav.
On Friday evening, .November 20, » chorus will be
organized for instruction and pleasure, with Miss
Pearl Noble as leader. All lovers of chorus sing-
Ing are lnvlt rj. ■ ' 8 ,
JKjSP FIRST PRESBYTERIAN , CHURCH".
»T cor. \an Ness aye. and Sacramento st.— Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D.: pastor: Rev. Edwin H.
Jenks. co-pastor. • Dr. MacKenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Subject, "A Sermon to Young Me 1." Mr.
Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at I
1:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:15 P. M. Prayer-
meeting W ednesday at Bp. m. All are welcome.
IKS» o TRINITY M. E. CHURCH. CORNER
»-*^ Sixteenth '■ and : Market sts.— Kev. F. F.
Jewell, pastor. -Services morning- 1] o'clock-
evening 7:3 J. Sunday sc 00l 12:. 0 p.m.: John
D- ar. suiert tendenu All are cordially Invited to
attend, Seats free. '■',
J_^> , MISSION TO ISRAEL— THE REV. S.
"^-^^ Wcy/er of BeulrU will deliver the regular
weekly lecture In Cambrian Hall, i 133 Mission st.,
on rRU>AY, Nover.iber 21, at BP. M.; Jews ad
Christians are ; cordially invited. Please note the
Change from Tuesday to ' ridav evening in future
Millet :'.Ol'''.'Mb£'l'lM(ih.
: XB 3 CRUCKKTT LODGE NO. 139, F. m
**^ and A. M— Officers and members J^
are requested to attend the tunera of ourXif
deceased brother, lIOBERT GABRi L
KELLY, on SATURDAY, the Uih inst., from
Masonic Temple,' at 1:30 p. m : By ord.r of the
-M- H. F> RTRIEDE. Secretary
ft?~&* SAN FRANCISCO LODGE. -_*_,i f - '
t*^ No 3, I. O. O. F. -officers and |g?2fife:
members are invited to attend the
funemlof our late brother. ROBERT rw"^, '
O. KELLY, from Mas »nic: Temple, at 2 p. m.
SATURDAY. November 14, 1896.
' . GEO. \\ ALCOM. Reo. Sec. .
9^27* EXCELSIOR DEGREE v^flßUK^
w- 6 ' Lodge No. 2, 1.0. O. F.-K<'gii-;§sg*?3|Nfcs.
lar meeting THIS EVENING, second 3S5<J>Sf
degree will be conferred. - -••, ■■>-■- -'^/IW^" "
■ ■ A. K. KINGSFORD, D. , m:
It^* CALIFORNIA LODO.. No. ;
•* ' 1, I. O. O. 1-.— < ' Hirers and #^Sfe^:-
members meet in Memorial Hull : 2=S«K*?*:
-•UNDAY, , November 15, at 1 p. If., *^sj«\^>
to attend funeral of our late brother. C. C. BUTT.
: A. W. .WILLIAMS, N. G.
] P. J. Willet, Rec. Secretary." -". : . -, » ■■_ -.-. - •
EHqS* THE R .GULAR; ANNUAL MEETING
■w*^. of the stockholders of the ; CALIFORNIA
W INEMAKERs' CORPORATION will be held at
the Chamber of Commerce, 431 California st., San
Francisco, on WEDN SDAY, . November 18.
1896, commencing at 10 o'clock a. ICMMBBKBM
J. H.WHEELEU. Secretary.
;KS». ! F >R RENT— THE LODGJ-R OMS F«>R-
* " merly occupied by the N. S. O. W. in the
Pioneer but ding. 24 Fourth st. For terms apply
v 5 Pioneer place. ■ -
; SI'tCIAJL NO'I'ICES. 
H^sp DR.'ROBBINS HAS REilO VeSTrcTm
*~-*"^ . 50, * Market st., and" lv now permanent'
located ai 318 Eddy st. Office hours, 1:30 10 5
P. M. , Consultation free., : y w
■t-^* '- As f FIXTURES • MADE TO ORDKR
*^ cheapest : place •in • the city. H. ■ HU*-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden «ate aTe.^BWKHBWrt|
. j»CS=» BAD ANTS EJECTED, *3. ' COOK.
**"*?.-.■ Law and collection Office. 1023 .Market st. -
_T_j= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR «4 -J
**- v collections! made, city or conntry...iPacia3* 1
■« ollertion CO.; 416 :<lontgr. it.:' room 6. • i __ { ibSi .
"nHEAPEST AND BEST. IN AMERICA—
7r WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
, 1 nited Sutea or Canada one year for 91 60, post-
. »ivibE>D' notices:'
ijisS*': DIVIDEND. NOt : 87 ■ (TWENTY-FIVE
m*& cents per share) of the Hutcninson Sugar
Plantation company will be payable at the office of
the company. 327 1 Market s .. on and after FRI-
DAY, NOVhMBER ; 20. 1896. Transfer-books
will close Saturday, November 14; 1896, ai 12
o'clock M. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary. .
■^■~— ~— l^— — —^—^— —^— — " 1
"; !MiLAi.».M -j •.-.». ,\Mi. i_3l.»JLl^. :
pERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 306 MA-
XX. s in St.. furnishes best help of all na;io*<aiiti>-s.
pOOD LAUNDRESS AND HOUSECLEANER
VJT wants work -by the day ; price $1; reference.*
31&V2 locKtori st. ■' ;: •
"L'IRsT-CL SS :.- SEAMSTRESS. UNDER-
X 1 stands dressmaking in all its branches, would
like a position for second work; no objection to
short distance in country. Apply 15 Van Ness ay.
MY R 'LIABLE, TKCSIY" WOMAN TO DO
I) housework: sood cook, laundress;' references:
wages slo to $1& per month. V inquire for 3 diy»
79 Jessie s:., bet. Firs;, and second; no postals. . .
IjMIIST - CLASS LADIES' .TAILOR; sUIT
'maker and seamstress desires position: nice
family; town or -country ;Btate wages. London,
box 9. Cail Office. . . .
pOMPETE ■ T WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
\J tlon as first-class American cook: small wash;
best city refe- ences. Call, lor, two days, 5 Ewlng
place, off Lacuna St., bet. Sutter and fost.
EX P .-. RIENCED LADY'S OR INVALID'S
nurse; best references; assist In housework if
necessary. IV*5 liyde st
<; Y GOOD COOK. AND LA UNDRESS, OR WILL
< ' do housework; will work by day; best city
references. : 2222 Pos st
FIRST-CLASS WANTS PLACE; WILL
x\ work by tne day. t«29 Pine si. ;
\/l IDDLE-AGKD GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
lX housework, cliy or country: wages $12 tosls.
Ie 00 Washington St.
IDL)LE-\ .ED GERMAN WOMAN WANTS
to do first-class cooking in American family;
assist with washing. Ca.l in person 439 Minna st.
DRESSMAKER— KIRST CLASS; LEsIRES
sew more engagements: cood reference; terms
moderate, reasonable.. Call or ad. BIBV3 Geary.
V NORWEGIAN GIRLS WANT SITUATIONS:
— one as cook, one as second, girl. Please call
1138 Florida st., near Twenty-fourth.
WEDI- GIRL WISHE- SIIUATiON TO
do cooking or housework. 511 Eolsom st.
YOUNG WOMAN WITH A CH"ILD. 15
-L months old would like to do housework. Cail
or write 143 Third si., room 23.
XT EAT GERMAN WjSHES SITUATION' TO
-*-> do secoud work. Call or address 2429 Har-
rison st. : J
ENG ISH WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
day or week; good cook; no employment office.
E. W.. box 46. Call. . • , ..
RS. ROHDE, GERMAN LADIES' NURSE.
30y 8 Hlngoid st., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Foi-
sorh ana Harrison.
ARTIE> DESIRING A REI.IALE WOMAN
to care for home and children 'during owner's
absence, day or evening, apply 500 Broderick st.
RESPEC 1 A RLK \ OUNG GIRL WISHES SIT-
u . tion as companion or to take care of grown
children. -120 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE GIRL WISHES A SlTUA-
tlon to do general housework and plain cook-
ing; no postals answered. 2417 Clay sU
GERMA.N Gli.L WA \1 V i c ATIoN TO
VT. do general housework or upstairs. Apply 342
Minna st., bet. Fourth and Hf h.
\\: O AN WANTS CLOTHES to REPAIR
»' and clean: knitting men's hose and wrist
warme s. 114 Fourth Bu, room 16
'OUNG GERMAN GIRL AS C OK IN P«I-
-■ vate American family; goud references. 11l
Oak st. . '
"U<XPERIENCED WOMAN DESIRKS POSI-
«-i lion ai housekeeper in lodging-house. 700
California st. ■ -. .
EFINEJJ LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
for light work or the care of 1 child; men need
not app y: references. A. S., 860 Mission st.
OUNG, WOMAN WANTS situation AS
x chambermaid. 3 Hardie place, off Kearny,.
bet. Bush and -inter, fourth floor, room 6.
' ANTED— BY A FIRsT-CLASs FRENCH
"" dressmaker, work by the day in families, from
$1 75 to $2 . per day. Address E. BIiRTI.n, 419
Genry st. |
MIDDLE-AGED woman WANTS situa-
l'-l- lion as cook In private fam ly or will do gen-
eral housework; fine cook. Address L. H., box
16, Call Office. .
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES POST-
llon to do chamber work or take care of baby ;
is a good nurse. Address M. A., box 12, this office.
'.yOUSGLADV V\ ISUKb place as APPREN-
X tic« in millinery-store. MRS. A. WEBER,
box 90, Call < Hi .■.
yOL'NO OMAN DESIRES TO GO AS TRA V-
I cling co 1. panion; good seamstress- Apply 131
Taylor st., room 3.
/ 'ERMAN WOMAN A NTS SITUATION AS
I ) lady's nurse. Address 4 Wheeiock place, on*
Vallejo st-
DELIABLE WOMAN WISHES A POSITION
-IV as working housekeeper: no objection • to wid-
ower's family: no trlflt rs. ; Call or address M. M.
M . 3365 Twenty-second St.
KEEPER WISHES POSITION IN
lodging-house; well acquainted and can com-
mand a trade. Call or address MRS. 8., 240 Har-
riet st., off Harrison and >ixih.
\\t ANTED— FLR.MSUED ROOM TAKEN IN
" exchange for housework. Apply 426 Haight.
V OUNG WOMAN, NOT AFRAID TO WORK."
i desires a place as housekeeper for widower of
single man: no objection to any distance in the
country. Address R. L., box 15, this ofllc.?.
UINCtiE-> . Eli HOUaK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
51 60 tos6 per week: convenient and respect—
Uee bus and baggage to and from the ierrv.
» >VLtK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
hlllAllo.>3 V» A>TiiL>— MALIS.
FOR FIRST-CLASS" cooksT " wTlitersT
coachmen, gardeners,' men and wives, mechan-
ics and other help. Send ; your orders to J. F.
i ROSETT & cO., 628 Sacramento st.
UN TEH & CO.. C'Ml.\;-.Mi AND JAPA-
nese employment office. 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, nr.- Cal. ; tel. main 231. W.C YOUNG, mgr
pHINKSK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. > 414% o'Farrell. Tel. E 426.
rmiNESK& JAPANESE; EST'D. 20 YEARS:
V.help:tel.maln 1997. Bit AD 640 Clay.
I APANKSE INTELLIGENCE- AGENCY. R. 73,
0 St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy st. : tel. Main 5234.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE HELP. ORIEN-
f) tal Business Agcy,62o Merchant;tel.main 1633.
ICENSED ENGINEER DESIRES SlTUA-
tlou: c tner city or country. Address P.O.
box 2432, san Francisco, Ca:.
"OUNG MAN OF 20, STRONG AND INDUS-
-1 trio us, desires long job on a ranch; references.
Z., box 126. Call Office. .
EXPERIENCED WATCHMAN DESIRES
Jli place as watchman for private residence, ware-
house or in any capacity; best . references. F. G.,
618 California St.. bet. Kearny and Dupont. .
"VTOUNG SWEDE SITUATION AS COACH-
X man or man about place: is first-class horse-
man and gardener: best of references. Address J.
HANSON, 1380 Twelfth St., Oakland.
BOY- WHO IS A GOOD : SEWER ON COATS
wants position In . tailor-shop: . well recom-
mended from last employer. . Apply 211 1/2 Geary
st-; rear, r■ ■ . r ... . ' . . '. . -,
V URSE AND MASSEUR WISHES POSITION
■Li private hospital or travel with invalid gentle-
man; best refereuces. Box 10, Call Office.
TTlace IN ; whole ALE' GKOCKRY OR
.liquor business; seven years' experience: good
references. . C. P. G., box 4->, Call office.
i OOD , CHINESE BOY WANTS A PCACIC:
' " > co k and ■ washing, general hou-e work; good
references. G. C, box 116. Call Office.
y OUNO MAN WISHES SITUATION BY THE
■J. month; city or country: first-class painter and
paper-hanger. Apply 205 Ellis st. :
KCORATOR*— TWO ARTISTS JUST AR-
: rived from New : York City; thoroughly com-
petent in all branches of artistic decorations; de-
sire i the •■ patronage ■of property-owners ; : city :or
country; most reasonable terms:' designs or esti-
mates free of co-t. THORN BURG, 424 Post St. :
; W ANTED — A SITUATION AS . A COOK
'» aboard of a ship for Europe. Leave order at
IOOVg Jackson su . '■;•• ;
CIAKE-BAKKR: FIRST-CLASS. MAN ON
/ home-made goods; -wants position: . perfectly
steady. J. BAKER, 1116 Broadway. Oakland.
ELDERLY INTELLIGENT GERMAN WOULD
like a home In exchange for help in business
or house; references. C. 8., box 39. this office.' :V
ANTED— POSITION IN STEAMLAUNDRY
to do anything by married man; 8 years' ex-
perience as foreman. HOWARD, 683 Mission st.
ANTED— POSITION BY MARRIED ; MAX
willing >to lo - anything: not afraid of woik.
HOWAi.D.S 3 Mission st. : y; .-:■, '•.. - ".
APE ANGER AND PAINTER WITH
tools wants work, city or country. 1747 Mission.
Y'.OUSG SINGLE i: MA N ■■■■ (HERMAN).
-t ' strictly sober, wants | work on - private place or
any other kind of work: Is good driver; can give
bonds as to honesty. Address WILLIAM R., box
94. this office.
WANTED— BY YOUNG MAN. WILLING TO
work, a position In a '.wholesale . house: has
knowledge of bookkeeping. .Address a., box 90.
Call Office. - Q>%
T .COACHMAN— POSH IONJ IN PHIVATE
•> family; city or count ry§ first-class horseman:
careful driver; • also : gardening; ? cows, ,c; ■ good
references.:. C.; box 9, Call Office,' Oakland. • "
As VALET OR body; GUARDBY A NEAT
"and- wining : Frenchman; understands: mas-
sane periecUy. r. C. 150 Teh am a st. " , , ' '
;,, OY OF 14 WANTS PLAcE AS OFFICE OR
• '.'cash boy; lives at borne. MRS. A. WEBER
: box 90, Office. -. • , > £*,
]VIAN t AND WIFE • (EASTERN - PEOPLE) '
iTJ ; private place: I man * understands care horses'
att c ana grout. wife competent cook and'
housekeeper or second \ work. ,1 Address A. ii., box
39, Ca.l.~jQQjQ£mSjg£3E}d9nSXfilSß&Hßl
« /..'HIN AM AN : WANTS 1 POSITION - AS COok"
\J' first-cla-«s . references: ' city or country fam ll v
or hotel. 820 Sacramento st. j - ■' ■ f-■*™ T.
111 l.\Liitsl',-.»; MOU-E, 44 ; THIRD. NEAR
•*» Market- i-lectrlo ■ lights . in ;' every t room • 200
rooms; i.'so to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per !
week: iiee bus and baggage to and from tae ierjry
: FEMALE HKLI' ; WANTED.'
-XT OUNG GIRL TOASsisT IN SMALL RES-
-1 taurant,s3 a week: waitress, $5 a week: young
girl to assist in small hotel, $12 and room: house-
girl. Va lejo st., $15, choice place :, woman as cook
for ranch hands; housekeeper, Stanislaus County;
gir. for bakery , neat girl. Market at, horn", $12;
Eirl, Alameda, $ I 6; girl, Fulton si., $15; girl, Ala-
meda County, '$10:, mldd e-a^ed ; woman, Market
St.; $12; . middle-aged woman, -tookto 1 st.; $12;
girl, Berkel y, no wash,. $15: girl, Va;lejo st.,
$17 50; -girt. O'FarrellLSt.. $16: girl, Palo a ho;
girl, Vallejo: middle-aged- woman, Sn Rafael; 9
girls, »16; : 3 girls, «20; "13 young girls $8, $10
and $12 ■ per month, assist,' etc.,. nice families.
MARTIN'S, 749 Market st.
TEWARDESSFOR COUNTRY HOTEL, $25
O to $30; head waitress, country hotel, ' $25 to
$30; ' waitr ss /or country hotel, $2 0: ' chamber-
maid for V»cavlile, $20. CR. HANSEN & CO.,
110 Geary st ...-■. ' '
/ >OOK FOR PRIVATE FAMILY-. CITY, $25:
\J secon t work cltl and care of children, same
family, $15; housework, Danish or German girl,
for Mon.erey, $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary s..
COOK KOK AN . IN-^TI :UTION, $40. c. R.
\J HANSEN & CO., 110 i<eary si.
\\r OMAN SHAMPOOKit .AND B)DT RUB-
»» ber for a Turkish bath: must be exp rlenced;
35 to 40. . C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
XPERIENCED SALESLADY » OR CANDY-
-Cj store. r C. R. UAN<EN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
AT EAT, YOCN<{, REFINED GIRL; $10. MISS
1> CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN: COUNTRY; $25.
MISS CULLEN, >23 Su'.ter st. "
13EF1NED WORKING HOUSEKEEPER,
Xt with a child: $12. MISS CULLEN, 323 butter.
f"1 ERMAN ECOND GIRL, $20: 12 HOUSE-
VT work girls, city and conn try, $20 and $25;. 8
young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 SuttersU _^
"PROTESTANT SECOND GIRL AND LAUN-
-L dress, $25; nurse, 2 children, {20; as-istant
cook, institution $20: Protestant cook and launa-
dress, 2 in 1 family, $25; and girls for housework.
J. F. C.iQSETT CO., 316 -utter st.
/ • EKMi-N GIRL FOR COOKING, $20: SAME
'I bouse, second girl, $15; French second : girl,
$0: German girl, assist, $10: secon 1 girl, Ameri-
can family. $12: call early. German Employ-
ment Office, 306 Mason st.
1 'HAMBERMAID, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20:
V- hotel laundress. $20 to $25. ■ R. T. WARD <fe
CO., 610 Clay st. . " - -
ELIABI.E WOMAN WHO UNDERSTANDS
washing: half day Mondays: 76c. Apply 3633
Nineteenth st., above Guerrero.
\\r ANTED— GIRL WITH EXPERIENCE IN
'» a factory. MASKtCY'S, 32 Kearny st.
EXP. RIENCED OPERATORS ON BONNAZ
braiding-ma hine. 121 Post bt., room 31.
YOU NG GIRL TO GO ERRANDS AND DO
finishing work. - 121 Post St., room 31. -
PRESSER (WOMAN) WANTED. new PA-
risian Dye Works, i2iB Foisom st. " 
I* ANTED— YOUNG GIRL TO D > LIGHT
'» housework: seep at borne. Apply 1606 i.eary.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, ASSIST WITH
housework. -8 South Park.'
W A. TED- YOUNG GIRL TO NURSE CHIL-
'' dren. Apply 1433 California st.
'OU.NG 1.1..L OF 14 OR 15 TO I ELP WITH
-i- 2 small children. Apply F. G-., 1014^ Pacific.
V EAT UK AN GI I. L, GENE: AL ■ HO USE-
■i-i work, $20. After 10 o'clock, 2414 Mis ion.
WANTED— A FIRSI-CLASS UNI.-HKRON
» ' ladles', coats. .:. Donohoe building, room 35.
X r OUNG Olßb TO ASSIST WITH LIGHT
-«- housework and care of children: small family
and moderate wages. 20261/2 Golden Gate aye.
L UR-MACHINk, OPERATOR AND LINER
J wanted. WINDMILLER, 124 K<-arny st.
V' OUNG GIRL TO \s-I>T IN HOUSEWORK;
■L wages $8. Apply 1978 Webster St., Oakland.
*> GERMAN APPRENTICES ON FINE ART
— made ladies' costumes. HKNYWOn 1 H, ladies'
tailor, 1105 leaveuwor h, near California.
EARN DRESSCLTTINU AN FITTING-
skirt patterus.2 c. MCDOWELL'S. 636 Market
AIRDUESSING. MANICURING LESSONS-
reasonable Miss D0y1e,212 Powell: 105 Ninth
DERMATOLOGY, HAIRDRESSINU. MAM-
curing school; reasonable. 131 Post; elevator.
MIGHT SCHOOL MONDAY. 7:15 P. M
-*•" ' LYNN'S LresBcutting School. 14 McAllister.
OSKDALE HOUSE. »21 ELLIS. NR. TAY-
lor— loo furnished rooms; 25c night: $1 wek.
AIUDRESSING, 26c AN.. 35c: AFTER-
noon classes: 10 lessons. $1 50. 1248 Mission.
"ANTED— MEN AND WOMEN TO LEARN
barber trade: only 8 weeks required: tools
given and catalogue ' »eni_ S. K. Barber School
1615 Howard ,c.
VI OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE
JX. , Winchester Honsa, 44 Third at., near Market
'^00 rooms: 26c to $1 50 per nißht; $1 50 to*!
i-'\>e. . , r . -■» 'mi-; ant! lam — f>«nl Irom ti-rr>-
MAf.r: UKL.t' \> 'l.fc.l>.
\y A,\TH D— FARMErTsSO, SEX BOSSBtERE;
» ». coopers, tight work ; coppersmith, $3 60aday;
errand-boy, $3 a wee*; shuema<er3 for country,
cooks, waiters and others. ,. Apply J. F. CROSETT
<fc CO., 628 Sacramento st. ' . : ■ •
I F.\ RME IS. $26: 2 MILKERS, »25: COOK,
V> $25; 10 coopers; shoemaker- broom-maker; 5
wiie-natl machine operators, $2 50 a day ; farmer
and wife, $30; 2 farmers; I boy for store; boy feed
Gordon press tlemakers. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Ag-nts, 634 and 636 Clay.
KAD C OK FOR AN INSTITUTION, l OUN-
t"y. $65: restaurant cook, country, $65; roast
cook and broiler, country hotel. $65. C. R. BAN-
SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
EAD COOK. COUNTRY HO I EL, $70. C R.
HANSEN CO., 110 Geary st. ;'
9 SCANDINAVIAN MINERS $3 A DAY SEE
» party here. C. R. HANSEN.& CO., 110 Geary.
rfIHIRD COOK, $30 AND ROOM, CALL
J. early: German cook, $30 ' and room, country
hotel: pigsfeet shaver, call early: head waiter,
$12 week: Japanese boy, housework, $5 . week,
etc.; cook, small restaurant, $30 and room. MAR-
TIN'S, 749 Market st. ;-.v'V,
"IV ANTED — BUTCHKR vVHO UNDER-
" stands taking charge of shop to buy one part-
ner's interest: small capital required; sickness
cause of sale. Apply 114 Second st.
EXPERIENCED RETAIL GROCER AND
crockery salesman: none need apply without
first-class reference as to character and ability.
X.. box 4, Call Office. :
I. ARBER FOR SATURDAY NOON AND BUN-
I > day or whole Saturday; call early. 952 Mis-
sion st.
\\T A N T E D — BARBER FOR SATURDAY
»» evening at 412y a Fifth St.. com? at sp. if. >
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY AND SUN-
T day at 443 Broadway.
|> ARBER FOR SATURDAY. 32 THIRD ST.
1 ARBER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
I ' and Sunday. . 105 Fourth st.
W"ANT_D— GOOD BARB'BR FOR SUNDAY.
,1130 seventh «.. Adeline station. Oakland.
ARBER 'WANTED FOR SATURDAY. 604
Bryant st. .■-.
WA.NTKD BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 408%
*» .Dupont st. . •■:■■-. .
O GOOD - BUSHELMEN WANTED AT RA-
PHAEL'S, 9 Kearny st.
pOATMAKKR FOR COUNTRY. REI S3
\J BROS. & CO., 26 Sntter st. ",
pLOTHING CUTTER. *^0 SANSO.ME ST.
OOTBLACK WANTED AT 737% MARKET
street.
T\Taiter wanted at 207 second ST-
'> $9 per week. - *•
HRA:xD-BOY WANTED AT 641 STEVEN^
son st. ■ '■ , ■
( OY AT LICK HOUSE LAUNDRY. 9 LICK
place.
' ANTED-PAINTER: $2 A DAY. MEET
at cor. Sixteenth and Mission sis.
VV ANTED— MAN TO ASSIST IN
!, « re , : _P ermanel >t position: win be assured of
at least $76 per month, with sure increase if de-
Krv_t£ must have $160 cash. Apply 917 Maxklt
st.) room M*
■NSu LD 2, H , Ot I SE . 765 MISSION. BET.
XV 3d and 4th-Slngle furnished rooms: night 15c
to 50c. week $1 to $2 60 : reading-room? strictest at-
tention morning calls; clean-, quiet ; open aU "gbu
y»: ANTED- YOUNG MAN FOR OFFICR^
"Vii U « l i MA i N niL * 500 *"°» INTEREST
, VVTANTi-.D— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
law i» m; gscpen.lg.t'ti foil 7S? D£^'*°-
B^A 1 US . *-SINGLE ROOMS 15. 20 AND
Vy; ANTED-TsiN.JLt ROOMS, 16c A DAY- SI
C""I CJS ?T;iiINMER .6 COURSES. WINE OH
\J coffee, icecream ; 15c. CLI t FORD, 206 Ellis.
T ventors, ; having patents in in
Jr Dt * O1 i BOf any klnd for : «'c t houd apply a :
naiL? ;nST eut OD ' 215 Sansome siree, ; rSo£ 1-2-
TeTL*^ , trade-mar* :so Icitora: 8 models ex hit
lied; capital secured; companies organized.
VV "iCHKBTKJj HOUSK.44 lUll.l) ST NH
>^^g t bu^ d^^?^'^-^-
K^r A^^r^^5 X DrVm'm^ rO<l 6 °
]V l! ' W «KAND,:246 THiRD-SUNNY ROOAIS
■ll from $1 10 $3 per week: reading-room. .
W' «TKAclerK^. KNuX Collection AgcyrTloitml "
frK&clerk-v KN.iX Collectloa Agcy^llosmt "
OSEDALE HOUSE, H'2l ELLIS. NEAR TAY-
ii lor; 200 rooms; 25c night; reading ro«a!
HELP WANTED- Continued.
BARBER^— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC?
i-i P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. KUCHS, 325 Grant >V».
OURNEYMEN BAR.EUS' h.iiPLOi MEM 1
seTetary, H. BERNARD, 102 .-eventh st. \
I ARBkRV PKOTKCTIV'K UNION" p.M ITX'VJ,
1» ment >-e<-reiarv. CONRAD '1 I'OKLL. d57L"^
 ARbKR-SHOP FOR SAL E: ' 2 CHAIRS;]
-.' • good location. 415 Hayes st. ( '
L> ECRUITS > WASTED F< > R THE UNITED
J-V tales Marine Corps. United States Navy;
ab.e-bodled unmarried men, between the aces 01 21
and do years, who are citizens of the United Mates,
or those who have legal. d ciared their intention
to become citizens: must, be of good character au<t
habits and able to speak, read and write English.
and between 5 fe. 1 6 tnchei and 6 feet in height.
fm fur , ther Information apply at the Recruitins
Office, 20 Ellis Ht.. San Francisco, < at.
CHOE?,! SHOES! SHOES! NEW TO ORDER-
-0 any style, $3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bough: or exchanged; larg stock of second-haai
™TMi,Jrl ' ( l lasS repairing; work guaranteed.
749 Mission sU, near Grand t >rx»ra-house.
Fi h , I3 * ON wants 100 M N TO ..et bot-
xa. tie peer or wine sc. best freo lunch. 643 Clay.
\\r A.NTi.D-AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
_i some simp.c thing to catentr Protect your
Ideas: , they may brm« you wealth. Write JOHX
WEDDERBURN CO., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D.. C, for their *I>SOJ urma
offer and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
■ -N'--> HALI'-sOLIMj, 60a: LADIES. 40a;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palaca
Hotel: branch 767 Market, opn. Will dt Finck's.s.l!'-
-fIIRY ACME HuLM', »;>7 iIAKKj-.T si.. ij«.
1 low Sixth, tor a room; 25c m night: $1 a wee*.
ANTED, YOUR SHOES— WE REPAIR
. shoes up to 10 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at nigut while you wait: ladles' soling, 35c; men 1 *
soling, 60c: fine shoes made to order trom $2 up:
we have a lot of shoes, been ■ damaged by water, as
less than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
32 SO. 6-' Mission *:.. bet. 1-irs' st. »ml Second st.
Ati*.S IS UAMTKO.
"_ GENTS — "PE P.VoN AL RECOLLKCTION 3
J\. of General Nelson A. Miles." Coiumander-in-
Chief of the United States Armies and the great-
est of Indian fighters; the most remarkable book
of the century: apply |at once . for choice of terri-
tory. F. PERSON, manager subscription dept.
of The Whitaker * Ray Company, 723 Market st.
GENTS— H LiDAY B' OKS; FOUR BOOK*
represented by one prospectus; first agent re-
ports 32 orders in four days; F. Person, manager
Subscription Department, THE WHITAKER &
RAY CO., 723 Market st.
WANTED— GOOD LADY OR GENTLEMEN
" solicitors; big money and fine seller. 7 City
Hall aye.
liK.Mlllli. WANTED. - A,
TF YOU WA~T~GOOD pItICES FOR iFuitsV
-L iere and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
IGHER PRICK THAN ANYWHERE PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0,1057 Market.opp.Jone3
AhH PAID FOR E.nTIRE HOUSES OH
V smaller lots 'of furniture, carpets, etc. J.
BOWCH KR. 222 "torkton: s-n-i posta'.
. KOOM.S WANTKIi.
Y^"m^CG^EN^rXKjJA^r\vXN^S^~RO^M^A^D
board •on farm; good flsbine and hunting;
parlies with saddle-horses preterred; Central or
Son: hern California. ■ Box 56. 3 9 Hayes st.
WAJSXIiD-iftISCIiLLAMiOUS.
ANTED^TO BUY^2O^HI>RSE" engine
and barley rollers and packer, second-hand,
cheap. Address JOHN H. SIMON SON, 11 Clem-
entina st., S. F.
LD GOLD AND SILVER BOUGHT; JEWEL-'
\J ry, watches repaired. MUNI), 1133V a Mission.
L>UILDINGS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASUES,
lJ doors, mantels, eta, for Bale. 1166 Mission st.
CELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW-
O elry 10 a. KLFIN. 109 Sixth at. : Bend postal.
BICYCLES.
T^RUMaiERS 5 S^Mi^LiES^^ol^r^rE^CELE^
XJ bralea Bos on patent bicycle clothing for sale
at retail. L. GOODFRIEND& CO., 516-518 Markt.
, $>A C BRAND-NEW BEN-HURS; REGULAR
' •-■ ~iO. price $85; rare opportunity; every w eel
guaranteed. DAVIS ■ BROS.^ Cycle Department,
25 Geary St. ■-. •■ ■: .
A OAi S^i.i^ii,— JlisCtLXiAAiiOts.
I'ARG A IN— LADIES' HAIR PARLOR IN
J i- Oakland; established 5 years: good locality.
Address Parlor, box 7, Call Office. Oakland.
OFI-EE MILL. SCALES, LETTER PRESS,
) stand des^. mope y tl.l, safe; cheap. 102 Clay.
SK FOR THAT BEALSKI-> CAPE; PRICE
$50: worth $120. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NO. 30 MACNr.ALE <fc URBAN FIREPROOF
safe, in good order. 8 Mission st.
O-HOUSE POWER SECOND-HAND GAS EN-
■~ gine for sale. Gun store, 820 Kearny at.
EECuRDS CHARTS AT 10c EACH: MA-
J-t sonic. Odd Fellows, Knights or Pythias; lot of
oil paintings; curtain-poles, • 20c each; gilt room-
molding, li^c per foot. JONES, 647 Mission st.
MONARCH BLUE FLAME HEATERS 'ARE
the best. W. S. RAY MFG. C  12 California
1 ARS, SHOWCASES, COUNTERS.. SHELV-
>■ Ing, etc., 1 ought and sold. 1063 Mission, nr.7th.
T A BARGAIN— SAMPLES RATTAN
chairs, rockers, etc. : also a few fine baby
carriages for the next 14 days. CALIFORNIA
RATTAN CO., 61 First st., near Mission.
OILERs,ENGINES,_'D-H AND MACHINERY
water-pipes. Mclntosh <fc Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAK'.E-Siz;
fire and borglar proof safe. 109-11 1 _ arU^t v,
M.i:i>iCAr..
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from and diseases peculiar to their sex;
latest . Improved method of treatment; never
fails: perfectly harmless: . free from any bad
effects: never makes them sick to make tnetn
well; travelers helped '.lately; prices to salt
the times: home In confinement. -DR. AMlli
DA VIES, 14 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, *-';
hours from 9a. m. sp. m. and 7to9p. m.
* NEW PROCESS-NO MEDICINE, .NsTßCJ-
XV.ment"or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; can
be sent and used home; a:| cases guaranteed
DR. POPPER and MRS. DRS. NAIL, 318 Kearny.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER FAILS TO R&
store every case of monthly sickness from
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no instruments used-
many years' experience: every case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dl. DALEY 1126
Market st., over the Owl Drug Store.
R. FOULET'S FRENCH CAPSULES, A.
guaranteed absolute cure for all female irregu-
larities (no matter what cause); positively safa"
and sure; no danger or after effects; taken in time,
it also acts as a preventive; price $1 60 per box-
sent free by mail on receipt of price. WALLKii
BROTHERS, 33 Grant aye., ban * rancisca
DRS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIES,
XJ near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
disease or complaint; home for patients: best
skill; free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 904 Mc-
Allister st. .-, ' , t
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from 'Whatever cause: home in confine-
men: ; every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed oe
money refunded. MRS. DR.OWYER, 226 Turk st.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, 1051 Mantel St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
ALPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; t'l 60 express C. O. D.: don't delay-,
until too late. OSGOOD 81. 05.. Oakland. CaL v ,
"AULMOOGRA POUND, KING OF
blood purifiers, $1 a bottle: "Ladies' Relief,"
$2 a box. Metropolitan Dispensary, 10731* Mar-
ket s*-. '...•:■ .. .-.....;■ . _
fi&RfJAPAIDFORA CASE I FAILTO CURE OF
%pKf\J\J female complaints or diseases of the eye;
consultation free. MRS. DR. SCOTT, "6I3 Jones st.
OME. A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Klghth St., Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY.FKJiALE Dl-EASBi
IseeMRS.DR. PUETZ and be content. ■- 641-2 4th.
i \R. HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET. NEAR
J ' ■ Jones. : Diseases of , women and children. .
\ j RS. DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
: *A • confinement: terms reasonable. :
, A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TUB
- V WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing
...LOST.
r OST— NO VEM FEU 12, 'CALIFORNIA, LAR.
' J kin or Sacramento sts., black ails ba£ contain-
Ing pair gold eyeglasses; reward. Return glasses
1403 California st. '. . . :
C YED— FOX-TERRIER DOG: ICENSB
O number 869: .head black and tan color; llb-
eral reward. Retnrn to 733 Four:h st.
LOST—LADY'S GOLD WATCH; • INITIALS
M. T. H.'ou' side cover; inscription iuside. Re-
%irn or write to 613 Larkin st., room :->; reward.
REWARD-Dr.AD OR ALIVE, BROWN SET-
J-V ter pup: white breast; 1 run over . yesterday.
639 Natomasi. • •
OST— pass-book wi h THE HIBKRNIA
Savings and Joan Society of San iTimcisco in
the name of M. L. GIOUER? •', No. 179785; iost
last An us:. 1 he finder will please return to ban *.
X V FKWJ-liM&Kli.
AVK "YOU SEEN THE NEw" PEERLESS
typewriter and Kotary Duplicator? They stand
.<t the head. JOHN F. MEYERst & C 0.,947 Marke-
I ' * OE.SI S : sMJTU PREMIER: ALSO RENT
ftX and sell all kinds of typewriters. - L. <fc M AL-
EXANDER <fc COi, 110 Montgomery st., write for
circular. . . .. ; ..
REMINGTON, f 40; -MIIH, - $50: SEND FOB
sample work. SCOTT<fcB.\.N'K ■ N. 333 Bl omul*-.
STOKAtiK. ,' 1
AT LOW; RATES— rURNiTURE. » ARp.jiTS*
pianos, etc.; clean, dry,' light compartments.
• advances 1 ; made, J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mi*-
glon, above Sixth: ■ open evenings. \ ; . ■;-- . :
L/LKNUCRK, ; ±"IAJSOS. •,' TRUNK*: AD-
X vances, shipping; «-HAS. L. -TAYLOK.2O4 Vo^
»JTORAGE-CHEAPEST IN IHE CITY- FlKi>
►J proof building; advances made. < ail Larkia.BITS IH KM* CHANCES.
I* iY£ht I VA RTNKB IN BBBT ESTAB- I "
*_»OU>'. lihed radical <lisie;isary in Califor-
nia; a rare chance for an energetic man: business j <
•j'is been- established for years and' clears from |
$400 to $600 monthly, and can le advanced to I
ciear'more; tills is a line investment. '1. LUBEL- .
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
yi.NK GROCERY AND BAH; FINE CORNER
J' Hand and a rnre bargain for some one: see
this tin-' place and make, offer at once. T. LU-
JiK. SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Cj i(\l\ RESTAURANT DOING FINK BUSI-
"5*11)1'. ness: the placets actually worth double
• the amount a&kert: this is a chance 01* a lifetime.
• T. _ÜBKL*KI, 7 City Hall aye. .
g;iK|| C: GAR-STORE, CONFECTIONERY
<J>O«Jv. and laundry oillce; finest place ever of-
fered for the money in San Francisco; this is a
rare chance: located at junction of two car lines,
T. I.UKELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. .-;--..
45J*J^(\ PARTNER FORA YOUNG, R NER-
s~IOOVJ . getic man; experience not necessary.
T. LUBELsKi, 7 Cliy Hall aye.
. fljTrWk GROCERY' AND BAR DOING FINK
<p I *J\Jm bar trade: cheap rent and the place is
making money; invest cation will show this a
■ rare Investment. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
St 1 OCA BKKR - BOTTLING ,BL' S I N ESS
«J) I Z.*J\J. and route: Belling 14 barrels per
week, with fine, long-established trade: this is the
finest bargain ever offered of the kind: fullest 111-
-• vestlgation. T. LUBklski, 7 City Hall aye.
ARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE: OLD
XX established furniture, carpet and undertaking
business; clears over $3000 a year: stock, $10,-
-000. GKO. 1* BLRKMAIER, Wells- Fargo Ex-
press bill dim. -
£>£•- CANDY-STORK, WITH SODA FOUN-
tipyjO. tain, in best location on the city front for
sale.. Address C. S., box 94, Call.
• . _Q?;a fine RESTAURANT in center
j© €>OVJ. of city; doing good business: will stand
strictest Investigation; low rent. E. HILL, 997
Market st.
■Pare BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY: saloon
. -TV on Market St., near city Hall; large stock
wines and liquors: 2 cash replsters, safe, hand-
some bar and backb.ir: cost to tit up $3000; owner
. retiring from business: no agents; bargain. Par-
ticulars at l*-05 McAllister st., 12 to _ "" ■" '-
" -WANTED— A SOBER. HONEST GENTLE-
'» man with some capital to assist in patenting
'and bringing before the public a new and valuable
•Invention; persons looking lor suckers need not
• »Pl'ly. J. B. L., Postofllce.
. Y r s T' AB1 ' ISHED> WELL-YAYING 6TA-
Xj tionery business: must be sold at once as
Qwner was called East on account of death-; will be
sold for $3.">UO, worth $61)00. Address Pros per.
• "box- 130, Call Office;
" \l* ELL-_QUIPI'ED COAL AND FEED BUSI-
-»' ness in adexirabla location, with membershi
: '-a Coal-dealers' Association and Hay-dealers' A-
sk ' t,oclatio_ L. W. CARSON, room 9. 22 Market st.
SACRIFICE— ESTABLISHED REPAIR AND
'.O- machine shop: complete sloe* of sundries, bl-
-. cycles, tools; vulranlzer and oven; rent paid to
"• December 15. Inquire 1113 Market st. ■
17IOR bALE-OLD-ESTABLISHED POULTRY
and produce stand in one of the best markets
In the State; owner going away. Apply 916
Washington si., Oakland.
*<j_yinnn Bl SIN KSS, Portland, OR.;
«JP"iUUv'. paying $176 per month: good chance
•to increase. Inquire C. E. NAYLOR, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building. .
,'.l OR SALI-- BAKERY, CAND\. CIGAR AND
X" notion store; dwelling and lot; only one in £Ood
country town. B. C, box 60. Call Office.
. . rriAlLuß BUSINESS FOR SALE VERY
1 cheap: plenty work on hand; good location.
1206 Flllmore st. •_ .
.'•TTIRUIT AND GROCERY STORE, WITH TWO
JO living-rooms, cheap; well located. 602 Callfor-
'" njast. ij rj
• TSiGAR-STORE FOR SALE: GOOD-PAYING
•\j place; must be sold this week on account of
other business. 18 Teleeraph aye., Oakland.
<_7fU 4 BARGAIN: COUNTRY SALOON R.
•' rp 4 UU. San Francisco. Apply H. M. COVERT.
• .218 California st.
• T>LACKSMITH BUSINESS FOR SALE:
" XJ cheap rent: tools furnished. Call on or address
T. V. MaHONEY. 358 Pacific aye.. Santa Cru_
rjf\(\ YOUNG CHICKENS. HOUSE, WAGON.
. 4UU harness, cow and all tools: for sa:e cheap.
Inquire 25 Third st. .
• ATKWSPAfEK IiOUTK i.N INTKKIOK CITY.
1^ close to San Fraucls^a For particulars appiy
• lh\s office. .
CL'QA CIGAK-fcTORE; 3 LIVING-ROOMS;
OVJ. rent $10. 225 Eighth St. .
•"U'OR SALE-G~r;OCEi"Y AND BAH: NO OP-
X^ position; no agents. Inquire Call Office.
•• 1, RUIT.SIORE FOR SALE: REASONABLE;
X good location. Turk and Fillmore sts.
EST SHOE- REPAIRING SHOP IN THE
Mission for sale cheap. 3421 Sixteenth st.
fnHJ 1 : 1 • INTKRfiST IN BLACKSMITHHUSI-
X ness; 1 arty must beachriitlan. 205 .Eighth st.
• . 00 -I'AYINU~MILK ROUTE iOR SALE;
\T cheap. 14^ I angton st.
" b vi. SALK— GOOD- PAYING NEWSPAPER
' X route; apply evenings. 2519 Suiter st.
RINKIN SALOON: A BARGAIN; WITH
iwellinz. 650 Sacramento St., corner Kearny.
SALuiN FOX SALE. INQUIRE _KVV "_
.- O CO., 791-795 Mission st. ■
0 1 fw ~ SALOON SACRIFICED; OWNER
. .1 UU . going away. 3 Howard su, cor. East.
RANCH BAKERY — PAYING WELL; MILK
trade pays rent. Apply Call Office. :
" KOUlt FOX SAL- ACROSS THE BAY. i.V
XV n'ilr<» at (all ortic*».
_O_UlNti-_OHSKS FOR SALE.
T^ YI"BA*tGATNSr $1 C^To~iSOO6TCAS_rOR
J OVJ payments. •
£6- room corner house.... $1000
12 rooms; line sunny corner. 400 I
. 60 rooms, clearing $200; payments 2500 |
' 1.8-room house; rooms all rented £00
8 rooms: near City Hall: i.ew 250 1
6-room flat; Geary and Jones. 200
1 4 rooms on Fol6om St.. near Third 350
80- room house, clearing $501) 4000
66-room corner bouse, new furniture 3000
. 20 rooms, on 4tb si.. clearing $80. only 4CO
3 1 " rooms on Market St., offer wanted 850
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
• H. C DECKER, 1080 Market St., opp. Fifth.
' "I 9 ROOMS, HANDSOME FURNITURE. $400
i^lBrooms, bay-window corner 650
SO rooms, near Baldwin, easy payments ... 1800
15 rooms, tine furniture, modern house 275
25 rooms, elegant furniture 2500
UNDER WOOD <fc CO.. 765 Market st.
QAll MISSION— LODGING-HOUSE; 18 SUN-
_U ny rooms.
\\ I>T BE SOLD AT ONCE; A 37-ROOM
itJ house: close to Baldwin and Orpheum thea-
ters: any reasonable casn proposition accepted.
Address H. __ box 113. Call Office.
QQKn 23 ROOMS: FINK FURNISHED
«£SCJOV. honse on Howard si.; rooms always
. full; good paying. E. HILL, 997 Market st.
T ODGING-UOUSE OF 28 KOOiIS FOR SALE:
XJ good reliable house from which good living
can be made: moderately good furniture and low
rent. 916 Howard st.
9O ROOMS; MUST BE SOLD AT ONCE; CEN-
O_i tral locotlon: c ears over 100 per month. E.
HILL, 997 Market St., cor, >lxtn.
Qi')(\(\ buys 13 rooms; house full-
O—WVJ clearing $35 mo. clear. Ap. 821 Howard
tfE LODGING - HOUSES; AIZ PRICKS;
I*J money loaned at low interest. PHELPs
<fc CO., 917 LarKin st.
f\AQ HOWARD ST.-LODGING-nOUtoEOF 36
•*" » ' rooms and saloon for sale.
HKMILKii iOli SALK.
OUR In it: four floors, running from AND W_
are In it: four floors, running from Mission to
Minna su, in all iy 2 acres of floor space, are
packed with household goods of all kinds, parlor,
bedroom and kitchen outfits of all kinds and la
endless variety; if you are thinking of purchasing
anything needed In a home, from a pairofDlan-
kets to a completely furnished house, pay us a
visit; It costs you nothing: our numbers are 1017,
1019, 1021 and 10-3 Muslim su, above sixth. J
NOON AN. __^
t'CTION-PRICE HOUSE, B27 MISSION ST.—
Ash chamber suits, $13 60; stoves, $4; fold-
ing-beds, $10. —7-.
CIHAS. M. VLUM _ CO.. UPHOLSTERY CO.
/- 1801 MARKET ST., COR. NINTH.
Carpets. Furniture and Upholstery Goods.
Af\t\ CARPETS: CHAMBER SKIS. *14:
rt\J\J stoves. $5: parlor sets. 820: folding-bed*.
10: bar outfits. T. D. MCCARTHY. 764 Mission.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods: new or good
as new: cas > or on time: open evenings. -
17" ING FURNITURE 127-29-31 MARKET,
X— furnish 4 rooms, $-8 to $50; best bargains la
city. ? ' - ,- " ': ■
BUCKINGHAM FURNITURE CO.— LOWEST
X) prices; furniture, carpets; all grades. 860 Mis-
sion st. , . „ ■ .
ipURMTURK. STOVES, CARPETS, . COUN-
' tern, showcases. A XDKRSO v. 1121 Market at.
CAKPiil' U_J_AA_ ii.
r^rrY^STi^M~CARI»ETXLEANINO WORKS:
\J cleans, moves, lays carpets, j G. H. STEVENS,
• Jam. 38 and 40 I- ighth St.; telephone South 250.
ARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\y like new. FERGUSON _ CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & Co.. successors.
\\; HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED .WITH
*» poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
. pet^beatlng Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
DV SCR CARPET-CLEANING CO.. .402
Sutter. tel. Main 394. S. S. FKRGL'SON.rnangr.
JE. MITCHELL, CARPKT-i LEANING CO.,
. 240 14th bu; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mis. 74.
A RPET-CLE A N ING. 3c; LAYING. 3c: RUG
• / samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stralton, 19 Bth su
. pONKLIN'S CARPET- BEATING WORKS'.
\J 333 Golden Gate aye. ; Telephone East I^6. '. r .
VC A YARD AT GREAT WKhTERN CARPET-
-1 O cleaning Works, ll Eighth su
/ TONES - _~CO.. MaTsT-'OKPICK 25 AND, 27,
4 V Ughth st. : Telephone J. gs'e 1061. :
\ TONER & CO.. MAIN OFFICE 25 AND 27
'* '■ighMist. Telephone j. sye lnHl.
A ' LEGAL NOTICKSi ..'; ■; . v. t
i ASSIGN KE'S SAllfc^lN^THKiillA TTJCB OF
-TV George H..Merrick, an ins lvent debtor.— ln
pursuant eof an order made herein ; by ■ the above
court, I will expose for stale o the highest bidder
upon the premises, on the 14th day of : November,
1896. at 10 o'clock a. it, all the goods contained In
store, No. 416 Thirteenth street, .-an Francisco.
the WILLIAM H. MURPHY, Assignee.
nousr.s TO r.KT. *
Houi*Es a i.L o VK^r^rHETcrTY to let
and tor sale. I'ATTEUSON _ CO., 2 Valen-
cia 3:. c
OUSK, 8 , PLKASANT SUNNY ROOMS, "
hath: rent tSO 1821 Finest. ■ -
CHKAP LENT: 4- ROOMS; FINE BASK-
ment; yard, etc; 721 Fourteenth st , nr. Mar- ,
ket (In rear). BALDWIN" _ HAMMoND, 10
Montgomery st. . ■ '■" »
QQ 6 LARGK. SUNNY ROOMS A>"D (JAR-
«IpO. den. 917^ Treat aye.. nr. Twenty-second. -
9QI Ci CALIFORNIA — 8 BOOMS. BATH
—.(71 » 'conservatory :hot-sir heaters ; pr riect order ,
C;OA A BKASD NEW h-ROOM Hol'-K. '_
ifrO\J. ur City HalL SPECK A CO.. 602 Markt.
-ROOM HOUSE AND BATH. 14GCY PLACE,
0 off First, near Folsom si. . • ' <
OUSE OF~TS~ROOMS~TOLET AS 2 FLATS ,
li or as a whole. Apply 958 Mission st. •;
ASIPTON PL. 8 ROOMS.BATH. YARD: ALSO .
3 mis, yard, basement. Off Folsom, bet. 3d. -
OU-tfS 6 ROOMS AND '.'6 LOIS FOR RENT
on Six eenth aye., t-outli San Fraucisco. Ap-
ply 659 Mission St., J. R. RINKS. ■ ■ '
9Q OAK, NEAR MARKKT-12 ROOMS, 3 I
J-O floors, each separate for housekeeping: newly (
papere-i: painted: sauiury plumbing: fine loca- ,
tion for renting rooms; cheap rent; go and gee It. .
HOUSKS TO I'.ENT b'Oli VKrtY LITTLE
money at BALDWIN *. HAMMOND'S, 10
fUIIXISUKO UOUSKB. ~
PORKER Fr.AT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS; FUR-" I
nisbed; $26. 735 Geary st.
TT A N EL Y FURNISHED HOUSE; 7
H rooms and bath: fine location. W. B. HUFF
&CO.. 2405 California st.
ATICELY FURNISKEDSUNNY UPPER FLAT
JN modern- cheap. Apply 10 to 1, 251416 Sutter.
HUSSY FURNISHED FLAT; 5 ROOMS;
0 modern- garden; cheap. 1332 Union st., nr.
Poik.
iTURNISHED — TH* NICHOLAS HOTKL,
X san Bruno aye., near Army st : reasonab «
terms: or for naif. NK'OL. h^h California »t.
COTTAIiKS TO I.XT.
nOTTA^KOF 7~ROOMS, 6 FURNISHED;
C bath- garden. Call 1 to 4 p. m., 3470 Seven-
teenth st.. nr. Valencia.
mo LET - COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS: BATH
J basement, stable; rent reasonable. l.« Fill-
more st.
— UNNY COTTAGES: 4 AND^OOMS; BATH:
O basement: stable. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
I^OR RENT— AN ELEGANT 5-KOOM OOT-
-1? t»ge: hath: basement: modern. ' 1302 -ianchez.
AKK YOUR Rr NT PAY FOR A NEW COT-
taee in the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel- $100 cash, balance monthly. E. M. LONG,
3207 Twenty-second st- : olhce open evenings.
~~~~ FLATS TO -XT. ~
TS^i rCLAYTON. "SOUTH "o F R^DERICK^
0 i _. Klegant new modern flat of 5 rooms and
bath: cheap.
"x •£ \v SUNNY MOJ>EKN 4- ROOM FLAT:
1\ porcelain bath. 6 Tremout aye., near Waller
st , Golden Gate Pane.
-1 1 C FULTON — FINK MIDDLE FLATS, 7
XJ.O rooms and bath.
1 "I /71 FILLMORK >T.— SUNNY COKN_R; 6
J.JL I 2 rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
I^INE IPPER FLAT 4 ROOMS. BATH:
X tiled sink; door-opener, etc.; overlooking pri-
vate park ; on Twelfth st. ; $20.
4 sunny rooms and bath; second floor; clean
and in pood repair: on very attractive private
street $16. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye., off
Twelfth st. . •" ■ •;.: -
ODEKK, CHOICE, 6 SUNNY ROOMS, $25;
also 4 rooms. $14. Key 1706 Hyde st.
L-INE FLAT: REDUCED, TO »18; ALL CON-
V veniences. 929^4 Lombard >t. ;
gnA SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT 1652
•^_U. Poik, near Clay; 5 rooms and bathroom.
i)? SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT 1708
• SO. Washington, near Polk; 6 rooms and
bathroom. -
SUNNY' FLAT, « ROOMS: PARK; MODERN
improvements; cheap. 2616 McAllister st.
1 OVKLY UPPER MODERN &-ROOM FLAT;
XJ sun all day; 4079 Twenty-third St.: 100 feet
from ro-st. car*; 15; water free. Key 4073.
<_. l 9 UP"PER FLAT— S ROOMS AND BATH.
»** I— . Cor. Nineteenth and Hartford (Castro
cars). • - ■
ANTED AT ONCE— GOOD TENANTS TO
'» rent at reduced rents. .-PECK _ CO., 602
Market st.
1 OWKR BAY-WINDOW FLAT— S LARGE
Xj rooms: yard. 30 1/2 Moss st., bet. Sixth and
Seventh; key corner Howard.
I[>OK RENT— SUNNY LOWER FLAT. 814
1 California St.; Inquire on premises. ■
WO LOVELY FLATS; 4 AND 6 ROOMS:
bath ana gas: fine yard: $12 and $14; water
free. 3928-3930 Nineteenth St.. near Noe. None
but responsible parties need apply; cheapest flats
In the city. _ __
5-ROOM, MODERN,^ SUNNY flats; $18
and $20. 920 Pine St.. Nob Hill.
MODERN FLATS, 5 AND 6 ROOMS, $8 TO
liX $16: see them. 523 a Seventh st.
1 PLATS To KItAT FuR VERY LITTLE
J 1 money at BALDWIN _ HAMMOND 10
«Onlroni>rr ot. '
iiOlJ»_K__P_>'a KOOMS. -
Broderick Street.
-1 /7-1 7 BRODERICK, NEAR PINE— PARLOR
1(11 floor in private family, 4 rooms; use of
bath: large yarn and cellar; no children; $22 50.
: CRIM <fc CO., 138 Montgomery si.
l.ryuiit Street.
r"I -l BRYANT, NKAR THIRD— NICE HUN-
-01 1 ny suite: front: $2 50 per week.
.bush Street.
ncj-\ BUSH— FINE SUNNY FURNISHED OR
i » _ J nnfnrnlshea rooms; light housekeeping;
with or without board.
Kills Street.
Q99 ETLIB (PALMETTO) — ELEGANTLY
OZ-. furnished housekeeping rooms and others.
If if tb-i street.
00l FIFTH— NICE FURNISHED SUNNY
_,_IX front rooms, with kitchen.for housekeeping.
OOr; FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUSE-
OZO keeping; 2, $10: 3, $13; single, $5.
_u<u«u oa c Aveuuo, »
ACtr- GOLDEN GATE AYE.-3 UNFURNISH-
_ZO ed back rooms; sonny; cheap: no children.
/jnn GULDEN GATE AYE. — 3 SUNNY
— U front, complete tor housekeeping, C^it; also
j board and room. ■ .
Haight Street.
1 f\f\ HAIGHT — 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
I UU rooms: private family. - - .
Harrison Street..
nrr r HARRISON, RINCON HILL— OR 2
000 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms.
liuwuil Mree.. ■ • ■..
CIO HOWARD— NICE FURNISHED ROOMS,
01 O kitchen; $6 to $12; cooking utensils fur-
nished." ; - "■ • •'* • ■
Ttq*/ HOWARD-2 OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING
1 J_i rooms; rent low. .
. '.: Jessie Street.
JKSSIE — 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
O— .o rooms for housekeeping; couple without
children. ■ - ; ■ ■■■'.
Me All inter street.
■ *99 McALLISTER-2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS
~t_i_i for housekeeping. ;- ' '
- Minna Street.
3- -I MINNA, NR. FIFTH— LARGE SUNNY
O i 1 bac>c basem-nt rms: stove: closets: private.
MINNA, BE r. FIFTH AND SIXTH—
400 unfurnished rooms with gaa, $20.
... .t»l»n - . v.v .
QY/7 MISSION — PLEASANT FCRNISHED
OX i rooms: complete for housekeeping. .
-I k»-l 7 MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
J _J. I houteiceeping rooms: also sunny rooms.
1 9-1 MISSION — SUN FURNISHED
1 — 1 «* housekeeping rooms complete; no chil-
dren. . .'
31a. ket Street.
9f\Qfk MARKET— ELEGANTLY FURNISH-
£\}>J\J ed front parlors: bath, eas, kitchen,' gas
stove, ranee: suitable for man and wife; $15.
• Nil 10 in 1 street."
/7971 NATOMA— 2 KEEPING
(Z I 2 rooms, $10: 1 single front room, $5.'. . ■
■ : ■ >intli Street. . '
91 NINTH— SUNNY FURNISHED HOUSE-
_,I keeping rooms and other rooms: gas."
UtmviH Street.
-I Af\O OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY— BAY-WIN-
Jivi)d()«, kitchen; other housekeeping
rooms, $7 up. - " ■.'--.'-_'■ .
<■ 1 a. rcii biieeL.
1 AOI O'FARRELL-2 FURNISHED HOUSE-
I _Oi- keeplnn rooms. ■"- .; ■ ;
Point I.ODOI Avenue.
9-19-1 POINT LOBQS AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
_.JL_iX nished rooms: i housekeeping; bath: $12.
. ■'-'.-;. Sixteenth* Street. '
QAOfJ SIXTEENTH — NEWLY PAPERED
«)U_D sunn-, furnished front rooms, housekeep-
ing. $9: other rooms $4. ..' - >i-s-:-:::- . ''.
'■-.■/: ; ■••:' tiiuveuion Street. ,
iCr r: STEVENSON*— 4 UNFURNISHED NICE
■ Ot>O sunny houseKeeplng rooms: rent cheap. -
; ,;"-■' ■'.':" . •'•'. *-il«r^; . eet.
Cl Q TniRD ST.. COX. SOUTH PARK—
.OXO nlahed * housekeeping ■ rooms; ,- range; run-
Ding water. ■wBBB|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14, 1896.
!iir>KKI'.KIMM; ROOMS — Continued.
Valeucl < >tree;
~)f\R VALENCIA— SUNNY BAY-WINDOW '
-UO rooini; fnrntsbed lor housekeeping; bath;
;as: rent $14. .
. \ uu Is ess 'Avenue. .
r)1 VAN NKSS — NEWLY. FURNISHED
C 1 houickeeping room: »lso •ii-fle room. ■
IiOOMS TO Lfl.
i<Utli Sti-eu.. . .• .
no tl BUSH— LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM; J '
OO'i elegantly furnished; beautiful garden: $12. j
iii.-i 1.1:1 Street.
1/jiAl CALIFORNIA— SUITE OF LARGE
JO lUs sunny from' rooms; " unfurnished; 1 '
imallerroom: bath. j ;
1 U I !• CALIFORNIA— NICELY FURNISHED
X D sunny rooms; suitable for gentlemen. ' •
-.tidy Street. >.- ;>^
A 1 EDDY. COR. MAS N. 1 BLOCK FROM |
trJL Baldwin— Rooms by day. week or month; 1
transient. ___________ J
Ql 7 EDDY— LARGE SUNNY NICELY FUR-
OX I nisbed room: splendid location. .
f-*Hi Mr«e» ■. '.V .
THK TtAMOTA. 330 ELLIS: MRR KATFA
ART. manager— A quiet hou*»: centrally lo-
ratfd; newly furnished: elevator: hot _ cold wa>r.
90 ELLIS— 2 SUNNY LARGE FURNISH ED
iJ_.O or unfurnishea rooms: suitable for doctor.
I
— -_»«ll« ; uco .
I Al EIGHTH— FOR RENT, 2 FURNISHED
X \J'i rooms for light housekeeping.
00l E HTH~- NEATLY FURNISHED
•'— front room; private family; gas and bath;
cheap. :
C>IKI«MA.*« XrAKltl_tt HIIIIkK, r*« "Tit
1. »'.. i.-nr Mi>rl?i»t: Icrnishf.l niwl unfurnished.
' tell Street.
ROn FELL— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
\JJL\J room, with or without board; very reason-
able: home comforts. ;,- ;
All 111 M1«OC.
1 A 7 FIFTH-PLEASANT SUNNY UNFUR-
I"I nlshed rooms. .
OrvQ FIFTH— MODERN HOU^E: SUN-
O\JV ny bay-window rooms fur gentleman;
grate; running water; gas: door open all night.
deary Street.
jft- GEARY (THE NAVARRE)— FURNISH-
"ut) ed rooms; board optional; room with ele-
cant foldltig-bcd.
Ri o GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY PARLOR
OXO floor; for doctor or dressmaker; other sun-
ny rooms. . .
1 1 (\-\ GEARY (THE MAKTINETTE), COR-
J 1 VJX Van Ness—Fine suites; newly furnished.
i.oiui'u tiatfl A>«-iiuc.
lA] A GOLDEN GATE AVK., NR. JEFFER.
IV/It: bon Park; sunny front alcove room:
kitchen. -
Harrison Street.
Q9JI HARRISON — 2 ROOMS; PARTLY
t/_JT:a furnished for housekeeping: rent $9.
*)_!"» t| HARBISON, NEAR IWENiIKTH— A
_*TiUt/ nice sunny front bedroom. i r .v-.
Hickory Avenue
QQ 138 HICKORY AYE.— 3 NICE ROOMS,
O«» with yard and hall.
■.until Mren..
907 .'"^"-THK VAX -•!-—„.": ~~W
m. .VJ 1 nißDacement: rje^uic Funny suite* »uJ
Single: li«-wly turnlshed: bain, etc.: Sid io*:i)
>.t«rnr »trod.. •
90 KEARNY-FINE FURNISHED ROOMS;
—^O reasonable. ' ■ -
'. KLINOTON HOUSE, 127 KK.AKSY —
/\ Pleasant sunny rooms. en suite and dingle; arst
(ifuinivcrr respect: terms reasonaDSe.
»>»li« KEAKNY — FURNISHED SECOND
O—.O parlor, with use of front parlor, for single
centieman or gentleman and wife. in private fam-
ily: very reasonable. Apply shoestore.
A._ *■_ in \,reu..
AOn LARKIN, COR. TURK — FURNISHED
tr_.U front room with fireplace; $0. .■ . .
A On LARKIN— NICELY FURNISHED SUN- ;
•i —»./ ny rooms for housekeeping; also single.
1 1
i.i-.mi.HuiMi Jtrt'ti.
Of\f* LEAVENWORTH — LARGE SUNNY
•-)' 'O parlors; single rooms; running water; gas;
bath.
_...i _« .- re««
qpilE CHF.STKR, 1049 a MARKET— SUNNY
X suites $18, $20 and £22 50; single rooms $8 up;
elevator. • '
\" l"-EMJT v . HOL>K, 1041 MAKKKT — I'h.tt
1 nleht. »bo to $1 : week. SI SO 10 *5: 'smlllwi.
-titxin Street.
"1 (\A MASON— NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
1 Uit rooms; other large rooms; aay, week or
month. ' ' • .
iiCAiilUer Siruei. ;■ ~
99A1 MCALLISTER. OPP. CITY HALL— ELK-
Z.S. Via K ant front rooms, suitable doctors. dentists.
Me Leu Court.
Ul McLBA COURT, OFF NINTH—
2 sunny room in a private family; with bath:
fora single man. r » ■ ■ ' • •
iii«Mon .Mree..
/»QO MISSION— NICELY . FURNISHED
\)' »— clean front room: prices reasonable.
o"ji-ari-«-i I Sil-ed..
nn- O'FARRELL— TWO FURNISHED SUN-
c" — i ) ny rooms; suitable for gent'emen; rent rea-
sonable.
Fine Street.
/>9i PINE— ROOMS 16 UP; RUNNING
U^jl water, gas, sunny, quiet: gentlemen only.
•DINE, NEAR VAN NEhS AVK.— ONE OR
X two handsomely furnlsli<d rooms in piivate
family : bath, pas; references given and required.
X. Y. Z.. box 90, Call office. ". ■ --
.;. A u.it Mreut.
■I OA' POLK — FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
I_V/t) nlshed sunny rooms; reasonable.
"I AA^s. POLK— URFISUKD OR PARTLY
Jit) tarnished front and back par. or. .
l'uwell Street.
"I Q POWELL— FURNISHED SUNNY
_O rooms, suites or single: cheap.
90c FOWELL, CONNER GEAKY—
— — front single room; basement room: $6.
j Scott Street.
Tl'Q SCOTT— 2 LARGE SUNNY CONNECT-
-110 Ing rooms; partly furnished; gas; bath.
c *— 111 - » [to..
QO SIXTH— ELEGANT ROOMS: NEW FIRK-
-00 proof building; all conveniences: qnlei.
"1 9/* SIXTH — (CHANGED HANDS) FUR-
-1 — ' ' nUhud frout rooms; suite or single: rea-
sonable.
" piEDMON 1 ," COR. SIXTH AND MINN
X Nicely furnished any rms: mod. conveniences.
svevenson street. .
CKAZJ- STEVENSON —FURNISHED FRONT
U*±«J2 room, s!..gl«\ and fireplace..
c — i.er • .me.. '
Ci A PUTTER— NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
i)lt lor suite: low rent.
r (\.j SUTTER" (SAN , REMI) - ELEGANT
• VJO newly furnished rooms, suite or single.
R9*JC SUTTER— 2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
O— <O rooms: rent $10: suitable for dressmaking.
1111 bUTTER— NICELY FUR.NISHKD
1111 rooms: en suite or single: reasonable."
'* •• J iur Si I'd:,. "
I (\Q TAYLOR— ROOMS $6 UP; RUNNING
1 VJV water, gas. sunny, quiet. Gentlemen only.
I »_> . TAYLOR— NKWLY FURNISH D SUN-
XO I ny frout suite or single; also others; tran-
sient. : •• - . . ,.-. ,
'1 uric »ireet. - ~~~
t\A Q TURK— SUNNI ROOM. FOLDING-BED
tJIO grate, gas, bath, 10; also single, $6. :
Valencia Street.
IAICI VALENCIA -2 UNFURNHEDRMS-
IuIU'j matted 1 front, oack parlor; bath; $10.
Van iNeii) An:uun.
AA A VAN NESS — NEWLY FURNISHED-
- I ''' * son all day : board i di-sired : reasonable.'
BOAKDINO ANU iiOOJIS.
T]^rj^BU»ir(BACH ELOR'S^ H^JLITTrooMS
L ! U I with or without board: iirat-cUss souih-
cooking. '- - .'■■ j . .; ;■ ;- ■■ ,-■ ■ . ,
BY YOUNG MAN IN. PRIVATE FAMILY'
must be reasonable. ■ R. and 8., box 41. Call.;
CA'A JONES — LARGE, FRONT, SUNNY
OXJO bay-window room, : with board, $45; lor
couple. -. ■ ; . • " ' . .
1 VAN N KSS ; AVENUK— NEWLY FUR-
XUvf nished suite or single; boarJ optional.' *
7 I ='ED_Y— MCKI.Y FURNISHED ROOMS
ri XO with excellent board; $20 each. :.; ; •
"1 p. *J( \ CALIFORNIA— PLEASANT NEWLY
J. «J — 1/ furnished rooms with board; reasonable.
Ql 9 EDDY (HKATJi)- ELEGANT. SUNNY
O1 — ■ bay-window suites ; ~ single; board; : refer-
ences. . ' •
L(|w VAN NESS.— NEWLY FURNISHED sUN.
CUO ny rooms: Rood board: reasonable. -■ ■ . "
OT-L BKRTLING, 714 iiUSH ST. — A FA M-
Uy hotel; references < given . : and required: ail
miv»ni <-mivHniencp<!. ■ ; > "
-;-..'. ; '"v.". .-; •'.;.. .-..XUrl__AbJS:j "..:,■.;• \'\-/;.\ ;
\r a c a N'FlotTso x '/ooTmTs^Ton^ajTß^san
V Jose ave.;^ li per month. 8450 Mission st. •.
rVRSONAT.-. @_^X
MY— GOT don't^yotTthTnTc
too much risk by personals? Constant. BEN.
rH. V -ELL Wi.O-ES AND COTTON YARN,
X table linen, . lace curtains. •: towels, hosiery, un-
lerwear, corsets, embroidery/laces, buttons, Hn- '
iiks. threads, han<ikerchi< f ', veilings,- etc.,' very
:heap at P:oneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
PKOFE>SOR •E. J. APPLEBY, BANJO AND
i- mandolin concert playing; music for private
parties 609 Hyde s ■ . .
GO TO 509 THIRD; CHEAP. PalN"ll.\u,
. paperlne. whitening nnd plasterl:i({: estimate-
given for all kinds of work. ; .; A. HOFFMAN.; (
fflji A DOZEN-FINE CABINETS AT WIL-
(3? 1 SON'S Gallery. 1028 Market.
TF PERSON WHO FOUND BLACK HAND"-
-1 bag in toilet near aviary. Golden Gate Park, on
election day will return same to 109 Hayes St.;
liberal reward. . : ' ■'■'.". ......
A DVICE FREE;. DIVORCE LAWS A bPB-
xV cialty; private; no charge unless successful: ail
Jaw suits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at- 1
-.ended 10. G. W. HOWE,atty-at-law. 850MarlceH;. '
IT IS A PLEASURE TO ME TO MAKE AN
1 unlovely head of hair beautiful; and it Is a
pleasure tor you to have It done so cheaply (25c)-
--Qtilnonia" Hair Tonic 35c a bottle; switches $1.
G. LKDKRER, 111 Stockton st.
UPERFLUOUI HAIR PERMANENTLY RE-
moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
2115 Bush. below Flllmore: hrs, 2 to 3, ex. Th A Sa. J |
VITS, SCIATICA, CATARRH. DISEA ESOF
-C women. DR. SPITZY. 413y a Kearny. 1 to 4 p.m.
T EGAL BUSINESS TRANSACTED "WITH-
XJ out publicity ; advice free and confidential.
J. G. JEFFREYS, 40- Montgomery st- room 18.
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET— BASE-
XX ment; flue edge put on razor for "A cents.
1 THE P~EOPLE« ON- DOLLAR MEDICAL
Institute, all cases treated and medicines fur-
nished for $1; call or write. 1029^ Market ._, !
bet. sixth and Seventh. San Francisco. CaL j
PECIAL SALE LADIES' CLOAKS AND \
suits— Ladies' jackets. *2 50 up; capes $1 50 |
up; suits $8 up. M. BAURY, rooms 44, 45, 40, 1
14 Mca Ulster St. • .
AGNISCOP K-.NKW PROJECTING MA-
chin-; uses the klnetoscope films: price $_6U
BACIGALUPI. 946 Market st.
PAINTING. PAPERING. TINTING AND
X whitening: cheapest place for good wore. 1200
Webster st., cor. Eddy; te ephone Stelner 235.
OARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE !
X, and. Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
rCiasxes: instructors, J. H. E. l'artlneton, Gertruds
Partington. R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 P(na. .
UUil'S CLEANED. PRESSED, $1 : REPAIRS
k?dyelng done. 26Montcomery, r. 14; tfl.red 2374.
YV Al'CHt», DIAMONDS, JEWELRY OF ALL
»* kinds at reduced price*: must move; building
to be torn down. 5 and 7 Third st. ■ ■ ■
UPTURE AND PILES CURED; NO PAY
XX until cured: send for book. • DP.S. MANS-
FIELD A I'ORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st. ...
1 l\(\l\ CARDS, »1 60: SHOW CARDS. 15c:
IUUU tel. black 141. HILL. 22 Geary, rm. 39.
CLOAKS, FUIIS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
: wholesale prices. Factory, 20 Sansome st.
URNKTT'SCORN CURE— SURE CURE FOR
corns, bunions, warts: 25c. 327 Montgomery.
fTtRUNKS UKLIVKRKD 26C. BAY CITY
i- Transfer Company. 244 Sutter; tel. Grant 57.
: » LL FACIAL BLEMISHKS, SUPERFLUOUS
J\. hair, moles, freckles. sc»rs, etc., removed by
Elite Klectrol.vsl3 Ca. 226 Turk, nr. Leaven won a,
OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW KVK-.
XJ ry night cor. Market end Sixth sts. ; artistic » 1-
\er:ieemenu in living light; promoters of ba_>
Bess. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
ELECTRIO LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM I
Winchester Honse, 44 Third st., near Market: .
MO rooms, 2Sc to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $8 per
wees-, free bns and baggage to and from tne terry.
"1 IBEftAL, AUVAACta UN l'lA-MONDa, j_\V'-
XJ «>lry. •■to. : lowest rat»n. t*4H Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADLE* I
clothlne boueht. COLMAN. 41 la. cor. Jeuis. |
EDUCATIONAL.
e^li?s^busTn_s s^ol_e^eC^24~Tost"
St.— Bookkeeping;, business practice, short-
band, typing, telegraphy, modern languages, Eng-
lish branches, electrical engiae«rin£, etc; 20
teachers: 15,000 graduates; catalogue.
A VKliS', IHE LEADING COLLEGE, 3J5
x\. Montgomery St.; individual ' Instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc:
life scholarship $50: law rates per week and mo.
rtrOlUE, PHYSICAL CULTURE AND KLO-
> cution; latest and best methods. Mrs. cal-
-1 HOUN, 3915 California st.
ENGINEERING SCHOOL: MECH., ELEC,
J— civil, mining, survey, assay, archit.. X ray
taught;es.lB64. VAN DFRNAILLt.N,723Mkt
OOKKEKPING THOROUGHLY IN 6 WEEKS
XJ oryear*&cOurse free; only accountant teaching.
'1 a ill:, room 672,-Parrott Emporium building-
TIEHI/S . SHORTH AND AND BUSINK~»
STIIHL'n SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
college, 723 Market st. ; expenses less and
scholarship better than elsewhere; day and n!«ti:.
KLA.->CO'.-> LYCEUM hCiIOOL OF ACTINI,— |
1 ' Private theatricals arranged : pupils rehearsal |
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. I>. F. block. 7th and Mks '
IJOOKKPNG. WRITNG, AHITHMTC. (ittAMli,
it day A- night; noclaiset; $5 mouth. 845 Mission.
"VriGHTSCHOOL;HEALD'SBUS.COLLEGE;24
i-> Post ;com me rcial, shorthand, English low rates. i
ROF. LOUIS MKRKI; VIOLIN, MaNDoLiN,
J- guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Geary, nr. Powell.
/I UITAR, MANDOLIN, PiANO AND VOCAL
VJT lessons. $3 mo. Mary Weslhaus. 39 Fifth. :
INGI.NG: PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French.German languages:32 mo. 1091 avlor,r7. ■;
_>KKsSaiAK_KS. ' ;
lift 1 GEARY— WE MAKE KLKGANTAND
i X\)'4 stylish dresses, $5 up; also dresses ' made
over.
I^RESnEs, $2 UP: WRAPPERS. 60c UP;
I ; lawn. 91 up. 51)5*4 Nntoina St.. ahoy* sixth.
CL Alii VOV ANTS. *-
ME? TUuSIAS, isCIEATIFKr R_l
vealer by eggs and cards; tells entire lire,
past, present, future: consultations on all affairs:
nothing t- xcrpied; names given; good advice; sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible: letters answered. t)'-9 Post st., nr. Larkin.
Vt ME. PORTER, WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
.'' ant, card-reader, born with a aoub'.e Veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, genii »1 ; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 60. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
/i itana, tub airsY ftI'KKN, 8 turk ST. ;
VJ truthful predictions; reliable advice; no mat-
ter what troubles yon have, come, and she will
guide you right; satisfaction guaranteed.
PEARL CAMERON. CLAIRVOYANT, CARD
X reader and ; magnetic healer. 116 Grant aye.,
room 17. - ' •■ . .. ' : ■ ~ v
pONCHITA. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOYANT
Vj and card-reader. 188 a Fourth st, room 4.
ME. DAVIS, CARD- READER: MAGNETIC
healer; charms. - 12- Post St.. room 2.
ME. LEONA, CARD-RE >DKR AND MAO-
netic healer: parlor 12, 865 Vi Market, 2d floor.
AiME. LEGETTK— PRESENT. PAST AND
ii future: 25c; one price. 311 Tehama St., nr.4th
ME. SYBILLK TELLs FROM CRADLE TO
grave: pictures given : ladles 'Jsc: 914 O'Farrell.-
-"W Ei.irKTMOWN CLAIRVOYANT, MISS MKL-
»' ViLLE. moved from 1053 Market to 61 Fiftn.
PERSONAL READINGS BY MAOIC MIRROR
X and palmistry. PROF. MANTI, 1055 Market at
ME. HAVANA READS. LIFK i LUEN 1 L*Y :
business advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth
ME. MOREAU. BEST FORTUNE-TELLER
and medium in city; fee 25c up. 764 Howard su
YPSY LIFE READER REMOVED TO 3
VJ" seventh St., nr. Market: ladies "sc; gents 60c.
ME. WALTERS, THE CARD-READER." RE-
turned; see her for the truth. 951 Mission.'
\| MX. HANBKW, Palmist. CA It I> KK A DER;
i'l pas', present and future: 25& 148 6th st.. r. 5.
Mll.illALlSjl. .
\i ME. K. YOUNG'S CELEBRATED HERB
ii medicines \ for > kidney, - liver and - all female
troubles;' also her reliable hair res oratlvps and
toller articles, at 605 McAllister at.: diagnosis free
4 to 5 P. M. ; sittings dally; test circles Tuesday,
Thur.. Pat, and Sun. evenings, IQc; teL Jessie 1101.
ME. OaMAN, SPIRITUAL TRANCE MEDI-
-,um. returned; life readings, love affairs, busi-
) ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st.
yni. MCALLISTER— MRS.' C. J. MEYERS:
<)_ii) test meetings every ■ night, 10c; Tne. and
Frl. 2 p.m.: business sittings dally a;, above No.. $1.
"01SHOP GA Bi ISON, 613 EDDY ST.; BLATK-
XI writlne daily, $2; regular phenomenal seance
Mons. and Tburs.: - open for private engagements.
RS. COLBY, 122 i/ 3 OAK ST. CIKCLES SAT-
uraay evenings ; sittings daily. .
M. FRANCIS, -INDEPENDENT Sj.aTK-
. writer. .118 Har|^nt^t■: hours 9 until p. M.
MRS. ELLIS, MKDIUM,SIrriNGS,9TOB.fI:
circles Tues., Fri., a p. * 25c. 1824 Market st.
\.RS. BHRIN R, TRANCE =. MEDIUM: 81T-
>'• tlnss dally. $1 : circle Sun. eve. 311- Van .\"?m
. , ; ASTKUL.OGI. ; ;; ■
Ah^RXL~BE^CR^P^6Tr^OLMES,TiFiFTH^
■ rooms ; 12-13: horoscopes: questions: advice.
, : , . U»A J >'OTl__L. . — — -
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAIGI^T:
success ertd. HypnoticM«'smericlns.B O'Farrell
■; ■„ r: . ; ouiLi»KJi-<f bo aki>_i>. ■ '
-XirAXTED — CHILD TO BOARD; GOOD
home: 1 bocK from school. : Apply .11% Mo
Lea court, off Ninth st. I v .
DEFINED PLEASANT HOME FOR CHILD
Ax at 1727 McAllister st.; tine care; terms mod-
erate. 15- i ■'■- t -.'.-'', -'■• '.'•.'■.-.■'•. ;
STOKE-* "i « » ■' LET. ; 'I-.
"vflNT if S'lA 7 CORTB^YTN^_A^»?E^bTOIiE
'IN -. with fixtures: 3 rooms: stable: cheap. .-'. " '
f/j,l)'' >TO«E: 8 ROOMS; LARGE CKLLAR.
;tjP_iD. Howard << .. nr. eVMiith. '
;■■■; riH.MIIA.Nx ::'"':'.: "
7^ K. C. : C. O f DON N ELL. 1 ioe'—ARKKT? CoST
XJ Golden Gate » ye. ; diseases o: women a specialty.
_•____■__«•«__•■ B__i____a_____a
..„-. CITY REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE
FOR SALE BY
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS, .".
4 MONTGOMERY 81. ■
EDUCED TO $7J50; GOUGH-ST. RESI-
X\> dence and lot, - 27:6 ft. front; : bet. Geary and 1
Post sis. .-vy\^v:.\- -■-' . " I 1
<2lVf\(\fl van ness AYE.. bet. PACIFIC \
*J>«-'UUU. »ye. and Broadway; 85x100, and ,
double houses. ,
<Sl~\ l )Z>(\ FREELON ST.: LOT 25x80: NEAR '.
«jii_-tJVJ. Fourtn; cheap; flats bui.t here will
bring good interest.
<3£7nn Easy TERMS:' LOT 25x120: 12th i
<iP I \J\J. aye., near California st. - ' :
1
flliOOKft HAVES ST.: LOT 25x137:6: NEAR
.t-ijyj. the park, bet. Cole and - Surader sts.;
cable-cars pass.
BRANNAN ST.. NEAR SIXTH; LOT 25x110, I
XJ and irame build. 3075. ■ | 1
<SiA^f\(\ COTTAGE (<F 6 : ROOMS, BATH, j
Kr^'JXJyJ. etc., and lot 30x1.2:6: Howard St.,
bet. Twenty-second ana Twenty-third sis. 
K EDUCED TO 83600: LIBERTY ST., BET.
XX Valencia and Guerrero; fine Mission residence
street; 3 stories, 6 rooms and bath, and tot 25
xll4. - ' ■■....
<Jl:Q7^fl STEVENS >N ST., NR. 6TH AND
tJpO 1 O\J. Market; 2 flats; rents $30; lot 24x75.
/CORNER WEBSTER AND HERMANN STS.;
\J lot 37:Sx87:d; only $11800; easy terms.
■y-K. COR. FILBERT AND PIERCE STS.: LOT
-»-' 23x80; 1 blocK from me Union-st. cable-cars;
$9oa
OAK ST.: 2 LOTS; 25x137:6: NORTH SIDE,
bet. Broderick and Bauer; 9-500 each.
OAK SOUTH BIDE, KET. DEVISADERO
and Broderick; 2 lots: 25x137:6; $2250 each.
HOUSE TO BE MOVEi': 22:6 FRONT; 2-
story of 8 rooms in good order: 2409 Jackson
St., near Fillmore: will be sold cbeaD.* -
THOMAS MAGtE _ SONS. ■
- 4 Montgomery St. "
~~~ j
I
yOR »ALE- VERY CHEAP, OR WILL EX- j
X change for vacant property; modern 9-room 1
residence on oak ! st. Address O. K.", lux 7, this
office. ■ : - ■••■:■■
UNN V CORNER COTTAGE: 7 ROOMS AND
O bath; modern; -bargain.- 410 Buchanan, 1 to 4
F. K.
"OR SALE— SI2OO; 2- FLAT HOUSE AND j
X lot 24x50: 1007 Alabama st., near '1 wenty-
second. Ai ply 1826 .Market st. -
C. BKMIS, - - . . ■■ ~~~ ~ ■• ■■ -.
. ____L ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MO-iTliO____-_r.
FOR SAL ;
52600— K. oirto of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet. -
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackaou at., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. .
♦6000— 2 modern houses of ' 8 rooms each, at
park: _.">xl3V :o lout; .lcctrlo road parses houses;
make offer. .
$8600— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Cart it 1.
Choice building lots north otoark.
.Bargain— SW. cor. Fifth ay. and C su: 109x95 ft.
OUSE 3 FLA IS, 6 ROOMS EACH; MOD-
ern improvements. 314 Bowie aye.
JUST COMPLETED-
Choice modern bay-window cottage on the NW.
cor. of 221 and Sanchez sts. For terms, etc., apply
♦ fTOBIN <fc McNALLY. 630 Market St.
"PACIFIC heights RESIDENCE; MARINE
X view cannot be obstructed: every roomaunny;
substantially built; finished Dy day's work: hand-
somely decorated. For terms apply 2133 Vallejo at.,
west of Buchanan, from 10 to 2 o'clock.
BEAT BARGAIN; PACIFIC HEIGHTS;
VT 2 -new houses: all modern Improvements;
lighted by electricity or gas:- will sell cheap: fine
marine view; conservatory. Flllmore and Green.
Apply BOVKE, TOY «fc SUNTAO, 30 Montgomery.
IBSTANTIAL MODERN HOL'SKS BUILT;
O $160 to $275 a room; parties contemplating
building Invited to call and see plans. 1149 Mission.
C; 1 l\l\C\ COTf A»E 3 ROOMS IN KEU-
OIUUU. kelev; lot 40x130: $15 monthly.
(1000— Corner 100x100; $50 down: $15 monthly
$400— Lot 40x12U: 4.5 down: $-5 monthly.
$500— Half acre hill land: $10 monthly
CHAS. a. KAII.F.Y 20 Mnni"ni>rr v.
COUNTRY KEAL. ESTATE.
©rr.All PART CASH -16 ACRES FULL- |
«Ip • «JU>'. bearing vineyard; best varieties; sur- •
rounded by fruit, olives, ornamental trees: gently
sloping; -deep, .rich soil; grand view; i% hours'
ride from city : close to station (and college): ele-
gant oom cottage; mantels, bathroom, hard fin-
ish; large sin -cellar, chicken yard, stable, fine
I water, windmill; c.lnauie unsurpassed: sea breeze,
mountain air; one-third below value. Owner, 47 I
I South I'ark. . • : . . . 
I . _ LAMEDA LAND CO.- PAN V IS SELLING '
1 -"V the cheapest fruit, vegetable and grain land
! ever offered in Alameda county In" small tracts; 1
mile from Pleasanton, IV> hours from San t rnn-
cisco; - price $'^0 to $40 per acre: half cash; owner
must se 1 title perfect; .Investigate. (#7 Chroni- j
cle building.
UST BE SOLD WITHIN 2t» DAYS TO j
clear a;.-; c egaut 30-acre orchard and j
house; ben part of Alamtda County. S. SALZ,
j Ceiiterville,- cal.
NAP, 14 ACRES— LOVELY 14- ACRE FARM,
not far from San Rafael; fronting on a stream: ,
j $-JSOJ. SPECK „ CO., 602 Marker.
LoViiLV LITTLE VILLA HOME, ONE MILE
from the center of town, of 7 acres: house of
5 rooms: lovely . liveoak shade. trees: fine view;
overt oklng the whole valley and bay in the dis-
tance; [O<id outbuildings; improvements cost
j $140^: price $1000. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City.
I "VORKCLO-.ED RANCH FOR a ALE OR RENT;
-T 320 acres in Santa Cruz Mountains: partially
in full-hearing orchard, etc. , Inquire of GKORGE
H. LUCHSINGER, 18 Geary St.. San I ranclsco.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
O pamphlet of Calltornla lands for sale by H.
FRANCIS, rooms - 69-70-71. . Chronicle building
San Francisco. CaL I
O LEA^E— 2UO ACRES GOOD LEVEL LAND,
Woodside, 4 miles from Redwood City: new
bouse. Apply L. ALTSCH UL, 320 Clay St., S. F.
11 TLii HOMES. CLOSK TO TOW.N. JET-
proved:* easy terms: also 4to 12 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market St., S. F.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 8 > CENTS — TH*
WKKKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
PKOPKKTV TO EXCHAJS'tiE.
OUSE^AND LOT IN BE RK EL X Y^TO^X^
change for city lots. DECKER, 1020 Market.
Tlji EXCHANGE- I ITY- AND COUNTRY
property. UNDERWOOD _ CO., 766 Market.
OEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
»3 for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON, San Jose.
miMBKR— I.BO ACRES; KERN CO.: PLENTY
X writer: «*xcfll(»nt rocK ranrh. N.. box 18. ('■! .
JIU.MiV TO LOAN.
' Q^Cifi (}f\(\ TO "°AN; 6% PER CENT;
tJpOUU.Vvu city really, also Oakland: bank
rates: life insurance, estates. SHaINWALD,
BUCKBISE&CO.. 218 Montgomery st. v -
» DV A NCES ON DIAMONDS,JEWKIRY,KTC
X_ Columbia Loan _ I ollateral Otlice, 9 Grant aye.
dva.nces on diamonds, watches,
jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st. open evenings. •
CANS ON REAL ESTATE FIRST OR SEC-
ond mortgages, and • furniture . or pianos, any
amount: lowest rates. BKCKER, 328 Montgomery
■■a NY AMOUUT: IST, 2DOR 3D.MORTGAGES,
estates, undivlde 1 Interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture; pianos without removal. Mc-
CuLGAN. '.'4 WontKomery St.. room 3. ; &?.;.
ONEY LOANED «ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables ai the Security Loan Otlice,
11C -Market St., nr. Mason : private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO,
LJ no removal: no delays: : no commissions: low
I Interest. Rm. 68, DonohU" b dg. 1170 Market st.
HUM) MoNEY IN THU»T AT 6 PER CENT,
on real estate "d mortgage, on pianos and furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS, 240 Montgomery.
4 LWAYS ON TOP . FOR LIBE tC AL AD-
-T "vances at low Interest; call and be convinced.'
Cat-rate Loan Office, rm. 7, Flood bldg, 809 Market
<k.V*)~ l\fU\ AT BANK RATEs; IsT.ASU'
•ITO— O. \J\J\J 2d morlKaces, estates, rents, etc. ;
lend as low as 50. H. MURPHv.62B .Market si.
MONEY. TO LOAN ON SMALL HOMES:
monthly payments. THE MCCARTHY CO.,
646 Market st. . . • ,
"PRIVATE party LOANS ON ., any good
X security: low Interest. N., box 15, Call Office.
- NY. AMOUNT: LOWEST KATE; IST A2D
■j\ mortgage: flat or installment. Dryden. 638 Cal.
rA\VNIJKOKj_KS. ':■;■
HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR CAST OFF
clothing. <'osi)iono'i;iin 1 oan Offlc», 49 Third.
i-A-NAJNCiAI.. ~ r
fl_OX fi(\fi WANTED FOR INVESTMENT:
JL \J.\J\J\3 i will pay 5 percent net. li., box 4,
Call Ofßca '.'.■;.'.. > •■■ ■.-?: : - t
-yg. 1 OH WANTED : FOR 1 YEAK AT 10
«£)»>' i \J\J p»r cent, on pioperty. near Oakland,
valued at $1000. i Address H. P. T.I CON, notary
public, v 32l -'..Montgomery * st, & city; .' or P. li.
BROWNE. 458 Ninth St., Oakland. :• '. -I-.:.' ■ ,
' dfcl IWI 11/111 TIJ LOAN AS LOW AS BANK-*.
■ iM<">. ( 'M ) ■„. vrni •fit, » ■■'■ aic l'i>p.Bl(lg.
.: ATTOK_«Jiys-AT-I.AW.» ; I 15.
wTK7N^T"cHT«SNTcL^BI^(n"c^N~sTL^
.'tation free:: probate; insolvency: fees low. '
DVICE DIVORCE i LAWS A SPECI-
alty; private; no charge unless successful ; ail
lawsuits, el-ims, collections,' wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
injure Malcolm, attorneys AT
law. room 431 Purrott building (Emporium).
"5\ D VIC- FREE: NO CHARGE UNLESS SUC-
'fH: cessXuL W. W. DAVIDSON, 9.7 alarUet «v
..-"■.'• ■: -.'■? ..■■■- ■ ■ . ■ ■ ■ ■ .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
fj
OAKLAND KEAL —STATE.
A BUY! A BARGAIN! AT PRICE OF THE n
-fV house: lot 10Ux.50; 2500 cash, S3OOO secured ~
by mor:gage:" house of 9 r oms, high attic and
basement; magnificent view; opposite the Golden _
Gate; lovely flower garden ; : graveled walks: fruit S
trees in the bad* yard, all In perfect order; fronts
an two streets; two car lines uitbin a block: come "J
«nd see; no trouble to show the property. . PAYNE J
JEWE'IT, '9 < laremont nve., Temescal.
IVASIED KNOWN, THAT WE CAN SELL "5
*' yon a home, a chicken ranch, a fruit ranch, a
building lot, at prices and terms that defy compe- r
tition; exchange a specialty; cub and see us; ad- _
mission free. LOW XV & OWEN, Fruitvale Sta- f
tion; follow the flags. I' '
I 1 OR SALE— BO i.OOM LODGING-HOUSE IN =
- Oakland, only $1000: clears $125 per month.
——ALSO—-- : j
The poultry and stock of a good paying small t
dairy ana poultry ranch at Frnitvaie, only $400: 2 «
years' leas 20 acres. J. H. EDSON, I^o9 Broad-
way, Oakland. : . . • - ... "1
• zmzzz ' "
proi FOR FrrcHßuHuT
•10-DAY TAKF. YOUR FAMILY AND i
FRIENDS OUT. ON THE FITCH- '
v IiURG, SAN LEAMIKO AND .
HAY WARDS LOCAL.
pp<» Southern Pacific Tlme-CaM.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
FRUITVALK IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN ' TRAIN -ON 5
THE PACIFIC COAST.
I IRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
iOOT OF MARKET STREET, lv <
11TCHBURO STATION IN
. FORTY-FIVE AUNUTE&
■"> A Tomerta, Berkeley and . Fruilvale .trains . slneed
by the Fitchburic scorcher. Hay wards, electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes. ,■.'.!« ■ "
If you are tired of life and want 10 ret off the
earth, stay where you/are. People get well, '<> ••
conn! cheerful, couteuied and pro-i>-rou- in l-'l:cn-
turg.
Fitchbur; Tn the most. promTsme suburb on th 9 (
direct line of nptc-daie public »"d private . lm-
rroremeuts In ihe vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by. natural location. Its railway *
Hues now operating, deep-water transportation for
freight by Damon's line of fast-sailing vessels oa 1
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county r>adj
It-tiding to it, are iocon estlble proofs. It is resn- j
larly laid out Into blocks and lots bounded by wlda
1; reels, graded and graveled, and ornamented with .
b.\euue trees, cypress hedges aud evergreen _rov_.
NOW Is THE TIME TO BUY.
For it home while cheap: for speculation on 1 1
rising market; for a turn Oe. first lor investment
now, and hold on. No city taxes to pay; •no street
improvements to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your cioorv Lots in this beautiful t
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought in many of the one-sirti»t tract. iv
an inaccessible hayneld.
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep ,
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments in easy in_iallmeuu;
mle perfect. • .
• W. F. McCLURK. 1? Montgomery st- S. S l .-
-1 HAD. S. FITCH. Fit..-hbur«. ■
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
... i
AT,A3rKI>A KKAL, RBTATR.
"J7oK^aTe^6s^?'ofTerleD~F^R^^
1 new modern 9- room Louse; San Jose aye.; lot
60x1 .
Twelve lots on Et. Charles St.; must be sold;
great bargain. '
Fourteen lot'; HrUgs aye.; 33x203: only *450
each; tine investment. E. D. JLDD, 1424 Park
st,. t Alameda.
AN r.XCKPI lONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR
Investment of a small capital In Alameda, with
positive net return of 10 per cent per annum: 4
new 6-room. cottages In a first-class locality ; mid-
way between narrow and broad gauge stations and |
within half block of business street and electtic
railway: artesian well; gas-engine and mill; posi-
tive sacrifice: no offer within reason refused. 1 For
further particulars address A. K. DE.NKE. 1503
seventh st , Aliimefla. Cal. ' _^^
IihUKKLEI B_A_ J-STATK.
T AND FOR SALE; LARGE LOT IJi WEST J
__ Berkeley. Owner, 10 Hyde st. I
1 7XII THE BIGGEST BARGAIN EVEN
0 X **)*'. these dull times: house of 6 rooms:
lareelot: street work done; close to station; sanl-
tarv plumb nz. Jos. J. MASON. Bprkelev stati n.
bKUKtLJiI llOLis_i.
rpHAT FEAUTIFUL HOME IN BERKELEY
J. of 12 rooms and bath is now ready for a tenant;
newly painted and papered throughout: - 10 acres
of ground; large orchard: any variety of flowers
and lovely lawn; price $30, worth $60. Apply
A. J. SNVDkK A CO.. 467 .Ninth St.. Oakland.
aiUSItJAI. INSXItUM._NTS.
GAIN WE CALL : ATTEXTIOX' TO THK
fart that we are selling good-toned second-
j hand pinr.us for $3. $4 and $5 per month: beauti-
I ful new uprights for ¥6, $7. $8, 99 and $10 per
! month; no cash payment required larger than the
above amounts: all purchasers ■of upright pianos
I from us have the privilege of exchanging e>me for
I a Steinway any time within 3 years from . date
I without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY <fc CO.,
1 representatives of Steinway <fc Sons' pianos, cor.
! Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; also Oak-
■ land, CaL: Portland, Or.; Seattle, Wash.
! * H>OLUTKLYTHEOLI)r.STAND LARGEST
I -r\- house west of Chicago is KOHLEK &
CHASE'S, f^6, "8 and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of. all
grades and price*: '■ terms e»sy; prices lowest;
1 everything .po.sib'.e done to please and satisfy the
customer. ' -
I ALLY THIS BAKOAI.NS IN Pl-
anon; see our list lor this week; piano- on $4. ;
4. $5, $6, «7, $8, 99, $10. $15, $-0 monthly pay-
ments: tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anywhere in th* city aud kept tuned by ex-
pert concert tuners. ■ The F. W. SPKNO.EK CO.,
salesrooms 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
REAL CHANCE!! AS fine a PIANO AS
money will buy (a Hardman) ordered sold by
a musician forced to realize cash at once: only In
use a short time. THtJ. DEWING CO., 2d floor,
Flood building. Fourth and Market sts. . .
AINFS BROS., BUSH & GERTS AND
Knabe pianos atcloiingout prices. WILLIAM
j C. HAMILTON, successor to A. L. BANCROFT
I & CO., 324 Post si. ,
OARGAI.SS— AN ELEGANT *QUAKK. $49;
I > one chapel solid oak Estey organ, $47 50; re-
member, we tun ■ pianos for $2. ■J. HARRY
SCOTT, 526 Hayes St. •■: • .
\IAG.MHCENI' CALENBURCJ AND VAU-
i»I pel , arlor grand piano, cheap, almost new, at
GEORE WALCOM'S furniture and upholstery
store, 402 butter su V, ' '
or sale— a good fisher uiright
Ipoß S.* LE— A GOOD FISHER U> RIGHT
piano. 1663 Mission St.; fcuuday at, 12 m. to
5 P. if., week days 5 to 8 p. m.
piA.NO.i $75, UPWARD > OR cash
J. or Installments. Z_SO MAUVaIS Music Com-
pany. 769 Market st.
WANIF.D, FOR CASH, 6 SECOND-HAND
U uprights. BRCENN, 228 Post st.
LINE ESTEY ORGAN: 6 OCTAVES; 3 FULL
X' sets reeds. Organ. 559 sixteenth St.. Oakland.
"\f AGNIFICENTSTEINWAY UPRIGHT AND
1(1 bciiubert: tie used; sacrifice. 1019 Van Ness
\\r G. BADGER. SOLE A' ENTFORHALLET
". »' .& Davis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406Sacto.
'i'jYRON MAI ZY. 308 Pot>T; ST.—^HMEK,
1) Newby _ Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
UPERIOP. VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD* NEW
O H. MULLF.R. maker, repairer. 2 1 a ham place.
ULEOAXT EM KRSON. FIRsT-CLASS CON-
J— d i (vi. at sacrifice. E. W.L CX, 116 McAllister.
1 I s']£ UPRIGHT PIANO, $110; SQUARE, $30.
X STATHAM _ CO., 106 McAllister st.
DOLLAR A WEEK OX RENT CONTRACT
buys new piano. 136 Ellis st.
LEGANT i-TEINWAY; SPLENDID BaR-
1j gain. Room 12, 809 Market st.
ALLKT _ DA VIS AT SACRIFICE.
SCHMITZ, 16Mc.\llister.next HlbernUßank.
' DENTISTS.
RTTr^rTc^A^Tz^TxTß^urri^rpA^^
crown work, bridge worse and teeih . without
plates a specialty. ,336 Sutter, NE. cor. Stockton.'
•Q7 FULL SET OF ikKTH WORTH $15;
0 1 . warranted 6 y<-ars: extraction free; fillings
-0c Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st. |
V r I'LL SET OF IKKTit, $7. WARRANTED:
.T filling 00c, crowns $3. . DR. BROWN, -iy 2 3d.
J i IUST-CLA.>S DENTISTRY OR MONEY
1 back: Installment plan; established 12 years.
Office cor sixth .aid Mission, over I X L store.
OLIO.V 5T A L A £>SOCI -A i lON, SOU MAR-
\J kct St. DR. CHARLK-s W. DECKER.
o*7 A »_T FOR Tr.Eill— WA..K.\>TED AS
ijl (/good as can be made: tilling $1 DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
T)AINLE*S l-.XTIi ACTION, 50c: CtiuWN
x bridge work a specialty: plates $5 up: 18 veers'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S., 815»4 Geary.
R. LUDLUM >lILu 1443 MARKET ST.. NR.
Eleventh; no charge for 'extracting when
plates are made:, old plates ' made over like new;
teeth irom $8 per set; extracting 50c: gas given.
SJET Or TEEi ii WITitOCT. APLAI.E. DR.
O H. G. , Young, 1841 Polk st. " -;,
DR. J. J. Lt-Elv, 1-06 MARK COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.: open evenings; Sundays till noon.
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; painless
extracting, with gas. $1: plates. $5 np: fill. SI np.
R. U KO3G W. . LEEK. TriK GEN UINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of ■ Improved bridge j. work or 1 teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O" Farrell a.
: L'lKss"! -CLASS DE.STISTRV. VIKSV-CLAS.S
X I prices: first-class results: *■ painless extraction:
Tel. Main 5375. W.C. HARDINO.M.D., 600 Sutter
ll WORK to si it warranted.
DR. HKa, 1370 Market st front City Hall. '
ALL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
n>-i'-'l. --CP.'J. ■ W. Ki-.Y 1122 Market st.
i PKOFKSSIOSAL CARDS.
JOHN E. iacH : ard:v_aw OFFICES. ROUMI i
*J . "-o - and ': 27, Crocker . Doil—iix; - i«iei>uoii« _!_;_
75, San Francisco, Cat. i^SKtBSSBKSStSSSKSUSKBSt
JOHN K. AiTKKN ANDMAUKICEL. ASHKH,
attys M law, rms 5 15, 5 16. O U_ iloor, Parrott old* _
HORSES.
i(\ HORSES FutC SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
t\J buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horn
larket, 327 Slx.h st. : auction sales every W«Oiw«>
ay. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
lIHK EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. 220 V A.
I- lencla St., is the place to go If you want to buy.
ell or exchange horses, buggies, wagons or hat-
iess; auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock. .
LECTRIC LIPPING: CALLED FOR
C* and returned. 540 Valencia; iel. Mission, 2-7.
CARLOADS FINK HORSES, SINGLK OR
- double, for all purposes. 139 Valencia st.
".(}() SET NEW AND ak.CKjSU-kiA.JsU HAR-
u\J\J ness; all kinds; buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
C rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th ami Valencia,
I p/k SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HA
L _» \J ness, ail kinds; ' wagons,' - Daggles, ■ surrey*
tjekaways, carts: must be sold. '11-8 Mission 1:
\(\ HEAD DRIVING AND WORK. 11ORS*.»;
■'" •"•i.-;)i 1000 to 1700 !h<<. Kfr.' Ho^nnl «•■.
WAGO.NS AND CAKKIAU^.
- -GLASS LAN O AU I H ACK ; " I N^ r PRI-
J vate 1 year. WALCOM PRO*., 217 Kills st.
New andseconi>-handj;akers',laun-
l-i dry, milk ana ■ grocery wagons: also rock a wa7
uad 2 ffae btieuies. B'JS Harrison st.
1 ANDAU HACK FUR SALE; $35. MAUD
i-i 8., Pierce and Eddy sts. ■
9 HORSES AND WAGON; CHEAP. APPLY
£ MRS. KLTTETSCH, 1765 Fifteenth St., near
Valencia. ■
SJ_\ViN»jr SIACHiAiiS. -' '
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. ' EXCHANGED.-
-n-nii-d revalued: io~.-i>at r<'"i. ' -'t'fi Fourth < .
THE DIVOHCK li_COli_>.
Complaints fll«w: . •.
W. J. Cro.vell against L. F. Crowell.
Amalla Fohler against Julius Fohler.
Ammla Caorsi against Louis C Caorsi.
Dora Schelber acßins: Frank SchPlber.
ElttTHS — MAR BIASES — DEATHS,
. BORN. - v
""LAY— this city, November IS. 1898, to the
wife of A. B. Clay, a son.
DOLAN— In this city. November 4. 1833.: to the
wife of Joseph E. Dolan, a daughter.
KOSTER— In Los Angeles.. November 10,1898,
to the wife of Albert Koster, a son.
MANTEL— In this city. November 8, 1896, to the
wife of Henry R. Mm el. a«:>n. -
JIAltltlEI).
FELLOWS— Mrr.MEANZ— In this city, November
12, 1S« i. by the Rev. W. S. Urmv. Joseph .fel-
lows of San Francisco and Josie. K. McMeanzof
Seattle.
SHORT-STOUDT-In this city, November j 11,
1536 by the Rev. Dr. K. R. Dille, William B.
Short and Edith N. Stondt, both of Gridley,
Bntte County. CbL ■;:■■■ ;
I>l_D. >,
Andier, Roslle ' Kelly, Robert G.
Broderick, James E. Lull. Annie
Butt, C. C. McDermott. William F.
Carrol, Redmond M. McGinnis. Catherine
Dingley, Walter F. Nylen, Olof W. .
Ellison, Honora M. O'Connor, Catherine i
Hamm. Albert L. ' Perry, Elsie I.
Hatch. Mary T. RtorJan. Michael
H-nnin«r. Edna C. Schuppert. Augusta F.
Hyde, Paul J. . Strauss, Sigmund N. E.
Whitman, Max
ANDLER— In this cl v, November 12. 1 Sf> -.
Roslle, beloved - daughter of Jeanette and the
late Jacques Andier, and si-it-rot Victor, Vir-
ginia and Alexis Andler and Mrs. Frank Gino:,
a native of Philadelphia,' Pa. - ..' ..
£_rFrlends ana acquaintance an rp'iT'cl-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from tha
residence of her mother, 937 Sanchez street,
near Twenty-third, thence to st. James Church,
corner of Twenty- tnlrd ana Guerrero streets,
wuere a solemn requiem nigh mass will be cele-
-brated for the repose of her soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. M. Interment . Mount Calvary
Cemetery. ' . ' '■
BKODERICK— In this city, November - 12,1893,
James E. Broderick, a native 01 sau Francisco,
aged 41 years and 9 months.
BUTT— In this city. November 13. 1533. C. C,
beloved husband of Fretiericka Butt, father of
Peter D., Gussi* D.. Christ F., Tillie S. ana Mar-
garet a. Butt, and brother of Peter N. Butt, a na-
tive of Wannen, Germany, aaed' 54 year.< IS
months and 17Uavs. A member of, San Fran-
cisco hchuetzen'Verein. California Lodge No. I,
I. O. O. F. , Ivy Lodge No. 1716. K. of 11.. San
Francisco Council No. 442, a. L. of kt., Valley
Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W.. Mission Turu Verein.
Court Lincoln No. 8517, A. O. F., and Mission
Republican Club. • \ ■ '< :.:■ ■
Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
. (Sunday), at , 2 o'clock p. _.. from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner Market and Seventh streets,
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. " • •
CARROLL— In this city, Redmond Martin Car-
roll, beloved brother of John J.. Thomas li. and
J. M. Carroll. Mrs. P. E. Farrell and Mrs. A. J.
C.ark. a native of ban Francisco, aged 26 years
and 29 day . /.- . _ .
jCC3~Notice of funeral hereafter.
DINGLEY— In Seattle, November 12, 189 ;. Wal-
. ter F. Din* ley, beloved husband of Charlotte G.
Dinirley (nee Gardner), and, son of _x_. 11. li.
Dingley. L
ELLISON— In this city, November 12, 1393.
- Honora M. Ellison, & native of Ireland, aged 30
' years 7 months and 12 days.
HAMM— in the City and Count y Hospital.- No-
•• vember 13, 1896, Albert L. Hamm, aged 64
year* .
HATCH— In this city, November 11. 1898, Mary
Theresa, beloved wife of : James ■ Hatch, and
daughter of Catherine McGrath, a native of Syd-
: ney. N. S. ,W., axed 52 years.
. jK_TFriend3 and acaualn:anc<*s nro resTie^'.-
fuliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock a. v., from her late,
residence, 9*2 Howard street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem muss
will be celebrated for the repose ■of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. • , ■ ■ .
HENNING— In this city. November 12, 1898,
Kdna. C, youngest and beloved daughter of
Ciaus and Annie Henning, and sister of Anita
M. Henning, a native of : Saa Fraaclico, • aged 1
year 5 months and 24 days. -..-.. : ■
JB3T" Friends and acquaintance* nre resn<>ct-
. fully, invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock p. k., from the residence
of her parents, 193 Kuss street, corner of Fol-
som. Interment LO.O. F. Cemetery. :
HYDE— In this city. November 13, 1893. Paul
Joseph Hyde, beloved husband of Florence N.
Hyde, a native of Honolulu, ii. 1., aged 29 year-
-9 months and "19 days.
£3~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, -33 Bartlett street. Interment private.
Mountain View Cemetery, . Oakland, via 11
o'clock a. it. creek-route boat.
KELLY— In Alameda. November 11. 1893. Rob-
ert G., beloved husband of Sarah M. Kelly, a na-
tive of Reading, Pa., a^ed 08 years 2 months
and 14 days. •
JO3~ Friends and members of San Francisco
Lodge No. 3, I. O. O. F. , are respectfully Invited
to . attend the funeral ■ services THIS ■ DAY
(Saturday), . at ; 2 -o'clock p. __. from Ma-
. sonic Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Crojkett Lodge
No. 139. F. and A.M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
LULL— In the City and County Hospital, Novem-
-1 ber 13, 1896, Annie Lull, aged 48 years. „
McDERMOTT— In this city, November IS, 1M93.
William F. McDermott, beloved : husband of
Sarah McDermott, a native of Dubll.i, Ireland,
aged 64 years 8 months and 21 days.
McGINNIS— In this city, November 13, 1893.
r Catherine, beloved wife of James C. McGinnis.
and mother of Mrs. A. C. Beede and J. .s. Mc-
Glnnls. ■ .' ■ ■ •■•■■■■•• • • . • --i
JB3T Funeral services TO-MORROW (Sunday),
at y :30 o'clock a. _ .. at Sc. Rose's Church, Bran-
. nan street. interment private. Kindly omit
'flowers by special request. l . •
NY'LEN— In this city, November 11. 139tJ, Olof
W. Nylen. a native of Sweden, aged 36 years 2
months and 19 days. '
O'CONNOR— In this city, November 13, 1896,
Catherine, beloved wif- of Tnomas O'Connor,
■ mother of Mary. Kate. Ellen, William and James
O'Connor, sister of Mrs. P. Haearty and Joseph
O'Farrell. and niece of James Bracken, a native
of County Longford, Ireland, aged 47 years.
PERRY' — In Ocean '.View, November 13, 1893,
Elsie Isabella, beloved daughter of Arthur and
Carrie L. Perry, a native of ■. San Francisco, aged
1 month and 15 days.
BIORDAN— In this city. November 13, 1896,
< Michael, belov-d . husband of the hit? Honora
v ' Riordan, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
81 rears. .
. JBarFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv Invited to attend the funera: TO-JIORRU W
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from St. I Joseph's
Home, far* load, where » solemn requiem
mass will be 'celebrated lor the repose or his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. _ . lutermen;
Mount Calvary. Cemetery. , 
SCHUPPERT— In this city. Novenob'r 1 'i. 1893,
. Ausrusia F. fctiupnert, beloved or Auaust
F. huppert, mother of .Maud and . Agnes
- Schup:>er , daughter of 'B. Ernst Tlltel, and sis-
' ter of Mrs. Thomas Mattery, Mrs. Frank Bur-
nett, Mrs. Lorenzo Kelton. and Joseph 'Tittel,
a native of san Francisco, aged 85 years ;. 11
months and 4 days.
> JK_TFri-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fnllv invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her in •
residence, 432 . Guerrero : street, near Sixteenth.
' interment Masonic Cemetery. .
STRAUSS— In this city. November 12, 1896, Si?-
mnnd N. E. Strauss, a native of Germany, aged
84 years. : '-.:■ . - . ; "
WHITMAN— In the Ctt* am CoantriHosplta'.,
November " 13, 1896, Max Whitm*n, aged 40
• year..
iEVY— FIRST HEBREW LADIES' MUTUAL
Benefit Association— The members will please
take notice that the tombstone of the late Mrs.
'Ren.ita Levy will be erected TO-MORROW (Sun-
day), at 1 o'clock p. m., at ; Hills of Eternity
Cemetery. By order,,, ■■•■. s. MKYER. fcta •
' . IVICAVOY. GALLAGHER^ .1
FCNF.RAL DIEFCTORS -E3IBA LUKES,
2OFlftU St., Opp. I-incoin School.
Telephone 3080. :
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN ,, MATEO : COUNTY: NEAREST CKM&'
tery to the city; non-sectarian: in 110 sens* ex- "
elusive; to the city; non-sectarian: iv irjsenssex-
duvive; location unexcelled. OUic* S>¥< MafMt
tuvet, southeaat cwuu 01 snxui.
. — -■- ■ . ■ ■ . ■.."■: ■ ■:■{ 7 ■'■ '
1314
The Historic Buildings on Jackson Street, Between Sansome and Battery, That Are to Be Destroyed by the Board of Health*
WILL BE MISSED
BY OLD-TIMERS
Buildings Erected in Pio
neer Days Under
the Ban.
Further Condemnations Decided
On by the Board of
Health.
SHIPPED ABOUND THE HOEN.
Hovels on J.ckson Street Between
San some and Battery Doomed
to Destruction.
The official ax of the Health Depart
ment has fallen on a block of the oldest
buildings in this City, and unless legal
measures interpose within the next ten
days the axes of the employes of the
board will raze them to the ground.
No action was taken at the time, prob
ably because election was coming on, but
at a special meeiine of tbe board held yes
terday the edict went forth and the fate of
a number of historical structures was
sealed.
When tho question of further condem
nations came up Assistant Secretary
Zobel, who officiated in the abs- nee of
Secretary Godchaux, read a list of build
ings that had been found unlit for human
habitation as ioilows:
Two-story wooden building at 809 Stockton
street, one-story wooden building at 811 St< ck
ton str-et, one-story wooden buildings at 629
and 631 Pacific street, three-story wooden
building at 823 and B^3;^ Hay street, two
story wooden building at 825 and 827 Clay
street, three-story brick building at 720 Stock
ton street, one-story wooden buildings at 713
and 715 Stockton street, three-story wooden
building at 534 Vailejo street, three-story
wooden building at 807 and BO7J£ Ciay street,
the one-story wooden buiidingb from 300 to
314 nnd iroji 414 to 428 Jackson street, o::e
-story wooden building at 718 Stockton street,
two-story wooden building ai 633 and 635 Pa
cific street.
The buildings from 414 to 428 Jackson
street excited the most interest, for they
have stood in the self-same place since the
days of tbe argonauts, and S';me of them
are closely identified with the history of
San Francisco.
Captain John Bermingbam, United
States Supervising Inspector of Steam
ships, remembers the time when the
waters of the bay wa-hed over the place
wlieie the old buildings now stand. He
said :
Along in June, 1850, I used to discharge
freight from lighters on the beach, at wh»t la
now the northwest corner of Sansome and
Jackson streets. The bay used to round in
ihere, covering ali the ground where these old
buildings «re. 1 killed a sLark one Sunday
right about where Sausomc and J> cfcson streets
now cross. The Day wus uu so :ar then that
you couldn't come <io.wn Saneome street nnd
get into Jackson withou'. passing through
God alley.
The whole northwest corner of Sansome and
Jackson streets was under water. During the
nextfour months they i egar. tilling In and
piles were driven out along Jackson street.
Then that corrugated iron bu. Ming was put
up. There was a sidewali over th" water Jeacs
lnir to it from Pai:~oine street. Tho bui nine
was completed mortlr befora August 24, 1850,
for 1 remember thai "on tnat day 1 sailed lor
Pruama in the Steamship Be public
There was ii siairway ut the corner of Bat
tery and Jackson streets 1> a'ling down to the
water, and that is where 1 cot in a rowboat to
be taken out to tlie steamer.
On the west corner of the block in those days
Oliver Charlick had rd office and was agent
for Law's line of steamships to New York.
That was in '50 anci early in '51. Afterward
Hoialling had a liquor-store there.
THE COMING CARNIVAL
Beginning the Pr«»arationß Aftor the
Labors of the Kecent Campaign.
The executive committee of ihe^Carnival
of the Golden Gate held their first meet
ing on Thursday afternoon at their head
quarters, to prepare for their spring car
nival. The date set, April 19, is but five
months distant, and wliiie matters were
delayed during the campaign, different
members of the committee, particularly
Carnival Director S. H. Friedlander, w-^re
busily encaged in preparing their plans.
Colonel John O'Bvrne and others will
»V TO-DAT.
SCRATCH
AND
SCREAM
My baby broke out with a raab. He ■would
•cratch aud scream. It would take two to hold
him, and one to put medicine on him. We had
to hold him sometimes an boor before we could
get him quiet, d down. All said that they never
•aw auch a face or body on nny baby as on him.
I had to tie hia hands tight in'a cloth, night and
day, for five months. My aiater had uaed CUTI-
CUKA, and I began to uae it. After only one
application, he lay down, and tlrpi as he had not
for a month, poor little fellow. He has uot » scar
on him now, and is as fair and his flesh is as soft
as any baby While he had this disease I hud to
cut the sleeves out of his clothes, and put gauze
underwear on him to keep him cool. I had to
keep pieces of soft cloth aronnd his neck. It was
•o wet with moisture from the sores, and I had to
change the cloths sometimes ten or twelve times
a day. Mks. A. HAYXEB, Lisbon, N. D.
Bpesdt Curb Txeatucwt fob Baet Humors. —
'Warns baths with Ci'ticcra Soap, and gentle applica-
tions of CtmccsA (ointment), the great •kin car*.
Sold throughout the world. Pottir Dboo AMD
Cum. Coir., 8ol« Props, boiton, V. S. A.
call upon the leading corporations and the
large hotels during the coming week, with
a view to securing- their subscriptions.
Colonel O'Bvrne has also issued a call
for volunteers to collect from the business
men of the City.
Mayor-elect James D. Phelan has noti
fied ; he committee that he is reluctantly
compelled to forego the pleasure of pre
siding at the lecture to be gived by Father
Yorke at Metropolitan Temple next
Wednesday evening. The demands at
present are so ereat on his time that he
has round it impossible to keep ail engage
ments, and some were made before the
letter of the committee notifying him to
act reached him.
-•—• — ♦ — •
SHE LIKED TO BET.
Two Racetrack Touts Knew It, Took
Her In, aid Were Taken In
Themselves. -
Miss Lyons, whose tirst name ranges all
the way from Amy to Zella among her
friends, is an inveterate visitor at the ln
gleside racetrack. She wagers small sums
o! money at times upon the races and the
touts know that.
Last Wednesday one of the touts named
Arthur Deoriner approached the young
woman and told her his friend Lawless,
whom he introduced, was to ride Governor
Build and would "pull" him. Lawless
then advised her to put $20 up on Gold
Dust, another horse in the race and who
was sure to be a winner. She handed
tlie coin to tbe boys and they subse
quently brought her a ticket marked
"Gold Dust," but which proved to be
bogus. Governor Budd won tlie race, but
the woman realized that she had been
swindled and reported the case to the
police. Detective Graham has manag d
to land both the touts in jail on a charge
of petty larceny.
TESTING POWDER.
Two Shots From the Xi X 12-Inch Gun
to Experiment on the " ;ni;i
Cruz Article.
Tests of Santa Cruz powder were made
yesterday afternoon with the 12-inch
breech-loading rifle on the hill above Fort
Point. Two shots were fired and the
velocity of each projectile was measured
by the magnet.
The upright wire screens through which
the projectiles passed were braced this
Attorneys Brittain and McEnerney Discussing: With Judge Slack the Relevancy of the Half-Million
Dollar Contract.
time so as to withstand the blast of the
tremendous explosion.
In the first experiment 490 pounds of
powder were used. This had explosive
force sufficient to give the projectile,
weighing 1000 pounds, an initial velocity
of 2100 feet per second. The pressure or
recoil, however, exceeded the iimit fixed
by the ordnance corps. In the second
test the charge of powder was reduced to
465 pounds. The required velocity of 2000
ieet per second was secured with an excess
of 60 feet, and the pressure was not greater
than that allowed. The experiment was
so highly successful that a third test was
deemed unnecessary.
The United States ordnance officers have
established a certain grade of powder for
use in the 12-inch breech-loading guns,
and powder-makers on the Atlantic and
PacihOvCoasts have been asked to meet
Government requirements. It is regarded
as a happy evect that the managers of
the Sunta C;uz Powder Work •> have shown
their ability to produce powder of the re
quired grade.
Took Two New Bonnets.
John O'Day of 438J^ Jessie street, a young
man emp.oyed In the fashionable millinery
establishment of Mrs. Coughlan, was held up
at the corner of Waller and Ashbury streets
last evening. The footpad pronounced the
gems up to date and appropriated them, to
gether with 15 cents in c«sn. which was ail
O'Dav happened to have about him. A num
ber of hold-ups have occurred in this locality
of late and all are supposed to be the work of
the same man. O'Day has furnished the
police with a good description of his arti-tic
assailant and tbey hope to land the bonnets in
time for Sunday.
THE SAN FBANCTSCO CALL, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 14. 1896.
FIGHTING FOR
THE CONTRACT
Mr. Dey Does Not Think
It Is Relevant to
the Case.
A Lharp Fight to Be Made ior
the Paper This Morning
in Court.
IT IS A PEIVATE EECOED.
Argument Will Be Maie on Both
Sides of This Interesting Case
by the Counsel.
Another tableau was added yesterday to
the prologue in the Fair will contest in
the matter of the production of the $500,
-000 contract in the hands of Richard Dey.
Attorney F. B. Brittain, representing Del
mas & Shortridge, George A. Knight,
Charles J. Keggerty and R-üben H. Lloyd
appeared before Judge Slack at the open
ing of court to hear the order of court in
the matter.
As soon as Judge Slack had taken his
seat he announced, without further for
mality, that he would order Mr. Dey to
produce the contract at 2 p. m. for the in
spection of the court.
Mr. Dey was present at 2 o'clock with
Reuben H. Lloyd. Garret W. McEnerney
and Mr. Briitain were also present. At
the request of the court all the parties re-
paired to the Judge's chambers, where a
consultation was held.
Mr. Dey protested against an inspection
of the contract.
Mr. Lloyd contended that it was a pri
vate paper, and had nothing whatever to
do with the case. Tlie court had no more
right to compel Mr. Dey to allow it to be
inspected than he had to order his pri
vate books of account to be made public
Mr. McEnerney tooK a similar view of
the matter. In the first place, he argued,
it was a private record, and in the sec
ond placit it had not been shown to be
relevant to the issues befcre the court.
Judge Slack remarked that he was ig
norant of the contents of the paper, and
therefore could not say whether it was
relevant or not.
Juiipe Slack finally put off the matter
until 11 o'clock this morning, when he
will hear the argument upon it.
Three Judges 111.
Judge Bahrs of the Superior Court li con
fined to his home by an attack of bronchitis.
He has not been able to preside over his court
since last Monday.
Judge Hebbard has been ill for several days
and has continued all cases on his calendar to
me leih inst., not expecting to be able to ap
pear in court before that date.
Judge John Hunt is not feeling well, and is
talcing a few days' rest to recuDerate his health.
The Prison Yawns for Berrato.
Angeio Berrato, well known as a property
owner In this City, is ia danger of got >g to
prison. Mr. Berrato sued his wife Delia ior a
divorce, whereupon she applied for $50 ali
mony, as is the usual custom in sucb cases In
Judge Dalngerfield'a court yesterda Berrato
•»ia that he was not able to pay the money,
but from the proof in the case the court took a
diff-rent view and directed that Berrnto shall
be required to produce the money by 10 o'clock
next Monday morning or be locked up in the
County Jail until he does pay.
IN BEHALF OF WORDEN.
The Committee Will Present the Mob-
«ut Petition Next TVeek.
Final action was taken at the meeting
of the San Francisco Labor Council last
night in the matter of the appeal for the
commutation of tie death sentence on S.
D. Worden, and tbe appeal will be taken
early next week to Sacramento by Con
gressman J. G. Maguire, J. H. Barry and
A. Furuseth, as a committee representing
the various trades unions ancj other friends
of the condemned man.
All tbe influence that can be brought to
bear on Governor Budd will now be put
forth to save Worden's life. The secretary
of the San Francisco Labor Council re
quests ali parties now holding petitions to
return them at the earliest possible date,
in order that they may oe attached to
those now in the hands of the committee
before they start for Sacramento next
Monday.
CHECKING IPHTHERIA
Those Exponj(i to Contagion Are to Be
Excluded From the Schools.
One of the obj-cts of a special meeting
of the Board of Health held ye-terday was
to take step 3to prevent the further spread
of diphtheria, which, during the past forty
days haa made alarming progress, partic
ularly in tbe Mission.
Parenrs are ordered to exclude from
schools all children or other persons be
longing to or residing with or in the same
bouse with persons suffering with diph
theria until the Health Officer certifies
that a period ol thirty days' probation has
ended.
The department has just instructed
Dr. Spencer, the bacteriologist of the
board, to visit all houses where cases are
reported, and even where a mere suspicion
exists, to examine the throat of the pa
tient, and by all the means at his com
mand ascertain whether the case is one of
genuine diphtheria.
The board created tbe position of Bath
and Laundry Inspector and appointed
William Kelly to the place at a salary of
|/5 per month. ♦
Plans for a new two-story addition to
the preaent City and County Hospital
building for the bousing of the lepers now
at t c Pesthouse were examined and ap
prove.! and it was decided to recommend
to the Board of Sup-rviaors that they be
acoep.ed. Tbe addition will cost about
$6000.
The present Pesthouse was condemned
and ordered destroyed as soon as the
lepers have been placed in theii new
quarter*.
Where Winter Hat No Terror*.
The thermometer at Paso Robles legistered
75 degrees yesterday. In winter, as well as in
summer, this popular resort has the most
equable c.imite of any on the coast. It Is
aimost wnolly free from winter winds and
logs, and the wonderful mineral si rings,
famous for tbeir healing power over various
throat and stomach disorders, are invariably
effective in such cases. •
CHASTISED BY
AN ANGRY WIFE
Mrs. Augusta Hemphill
Masquerades in Male
Attire.
Then Visited Her Husband's Sa
loon and T.rashed a Lady
Visitor.
WAS PLACED UNDER ARREST.
O.ficer Furlong Happened AlODg and
Took the Imp rsonator to
Jail.
Mrs. Augusta Hemphill, wife of Charles
Hemphill, masqueraded in malo attire
early yesterday morning for the purpose
of watching her husband, who keeps a
saloon at 533 Sacramento street. She left
her home. 605 Pine street, and her six
children, and called at the liquor-store.
She battered a woman whom she found in
the place, and for this she was arrested.
Now she repents.
Mr. Hemphill was engaged later than
usual in his saloon, and when he did not
return as soon as his wife expected she
donned a suit of his clothes and started
out to reconnoiter. She wore a pair of
gray trousers, nicely creased, a brown
overcoat many times too large and a black
hat.
She reached her destination without
event and took a seat in tbe saloon. Her
husband saw her, but did not recognize in
the chic-looking "man" the features of
bis wife.
Time to close came round at last and
everything appeared serene until an un
known woman put in an appearance and
called Mr. Hemphill by his first name.
This angered the wife and in true pugil
istic style she started in to batter the un
known.
The excitement attracted the attention
of Police Officer Funong, and when lie
arrived at the t<cene the woman disclosed
her identity. He placed her under arrest,
and booked her at the California-street
station. Hemphill followed his wiie to
the station and promptly advanced the
necessary bail, and Mrs. Hempiiill was
released. The woman who caused the
trouble disappeared, and has not since
made her appearance around tbe saloon
where she was chastised at the nands of
the angry wife.
Permits for Koxiiig Matches.
The Health and Police Committee of the
Board of Supervisors decided yesterday to rec
ommend that two permits tor boxing enter
tainments be granted the Golden West Club.
One of tne entertainments will take place in
January and the second in February. The
National Club was permitted to change its per
mit for this month to a date in December. All
oi the bouts will be limited to ten rounds.
Good Home for a Little Waif.
In Judge Coffey's court yesterday little Bes
sie Doe, 2 years o!d, whose mother abandoned
her when she was one month old, and whose
father Is not known, was adopted by Mr. and
Mrs. Zollver of this City, and she was legally
put in possession ot" the name Gladys M«rie
Zollver, by which she will be hereafter known.
The little one will have a good home with her
new foster parents.
Bitumen Said to i'c Poor.
Btreet Expert George W. Elder of the Board
of Supervisors will report at the next meeting
tnat tbe bitumen that is being laid by the con
tracting firm of Williams <fc Belcher on Seven
teenth street, between Church and Sanchez, is
not of good quality and should not be ac
cepted. He states that the paving material is
too dry aud exhibits samples to prove his
asseriior:.
NEW TO-DAT.
STEINWAY
PIANOS
Aie Used at All the
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER
RECITALS.
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
Steinway Representatives.
BAN FRANCISCO, CAL., Kearny and Sutler Sts.
OAKLAND, CAL.. Broadwa anrt Thirteenth St».
PORTLAND, OH., Fifth and Yambill Sts.
SKATTLi-., WASH. 716 second St.
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
yrvc to-day — try rionn^
IiAIMIAIfiS .
— GRASP IT--
For It Lasts Only One Day
And that is to-day, Saturday, November 14, from the time our
store opens until 10 o'clock P. M. It is the opportunity to avail
yourself of the following list of bargains at
SPECIAL S__l_i__ !
The items offered are carefully selected from our immense new
stock of
FALL AND WINTER DRY GOODS !
And the prices quoted will prove interesting reading to prudent
buyers. The quality of the goods must be seen to appreciate the
magnitude or the bargains.
CAPES AND lACKETS
Wxm.» l_(4_> r\l i |_/. »JI AVIV I— I 4_U
At 53.95.
LADIES' BOUCLE CLOTH JACKETS, high or low reversible front, lap pockets'
colors blacK and navy, worth $7 50, on special sale at $3 95.
__.* 56.00. .
LADIES' SEAL PLUSH RIPPLE CAPES, lined with silk serge, storm collar and
fronts edged with black Thibet fur, worth $9, on special sale at $6.
__-tr_s3_7so.
LADIES' TAN CLOTH CAPE, storm collar and front edged with seal fur, worth
• $4 50, on special sale at $250. ________
_3_t $2.50.
LADIES' FIGURED BRILLIANTINE GORED DRESS SKIRTS, lined throughout
with percaiine velvet binding, wonh $4 50, on special sale at $2 50.
-__t* SI.7S.
CHILDREN'S REEFER JACKETS, in navy blue and light brown cheviot, lap /
pockets and high neck, sizes 4 to 12, wort . $3, on special sale at $1 75. • v
-A.t S&3.OQ. '
CHILDREN'S REEFER JACKETS, in fancy checks, square sailor collar braided to
match, sizes 4 to 12, worth $4 50, on special sale at $3.
MACKINTOSHES! MACKINTOSHES!
jS^-t 52.00.
MISSES' MACKINTOSHES, in black, navy and mixed, value %2 75, will be offered
at $2 each.
-A-t 66. 00.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in double texture, in navy and black, value $850, will
be offered at $6 each. . '.
__.* 58.50.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in tan, with velvet collars, value $12, will be offered at
$8 50 each.
-<A-t 512.50.
LADIES' MACKINTOSHES, in navy, silk-lined, two capes, velvet collar, will be
offered at $12 50 each.
HOSIERY AND UNDERWEAR!
_A.t 2^5 Centn.
CHILDREN'S FINE RIBBED BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, double knees, heels,
soles and toes, Hermsdorf black, worth 40c, on special sale at 25c a pair.
_3_t 33!j Cents.
LADIES' 4-THREAD BLACK MACO COTTON HOSE, extra high-spliced heels, .
double Boles and toes, black and unbleached feet, worth SQc, on special sale at
33J^c a pair.
-—V-"* SO OoM/t».
LADIES' IMPORTED CASHMERE WOOL HOSE, high spliced heels, double soles
and toes, natural gray and black, worth 75c, on special sale at 50c a pair.
__.* 2f3 00-*_t:«».
LADIES' ECRU EGYPTIAN FLEECED COTTON VESTS, high neck, long sleeves,
beautifully trimmed neck and front, worth 50c, on special sale at 25c each.
.__.* 75 Cents;
LADIES JERSEY RIBBED CASHMERE WOOL VESTS, high neck, long sleeves,
white ana pink color, worth $1, on special sale at 75c each.
At SSI.OO.
LADIES' JERSEY RIBBED WOOL AND COTTON MIXED UNION SUITS, high
neck, long sleeves, warranted unshrinkable, white only, worth $150, on special
sale at $1 each.
HANDKERCHIEFS! HANDKERCHIEFS!
-A.-t 3 Cents '33«-o_x."'" : :^::,
500 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED EMBROIDERED LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS (.slightly imperfect), regular price $1 50 a dozen, on special sale at 5c
each.
_^-t 1O C— >__tes 33«.03a.. :.V;
300 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $2 a dozen, on special sale at 10c each.'
-A-t 15 Cents Xlaob..
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE HEMSTITCHED AND SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS, regular price $3 a dozen, on special sale at 15c each.
.^t 25 Cents Each.
100 dozen LADIES' WHITE SCALLOPED EMBROIDERED SHEER LAWN HAND-
KERCHIEFS, regular price $6 a dozen, on special sale at 25c each. .
VEILING! VEILING! VEILING!
SPECIAL SALE TO-DAY OF CHENILLE DOTTED AND FANCY BORDERED
VEILS at 25c. 50c, 75c, $1 and $1 50 each.
NECKWEAR! NECKWEAR!
THE LATEST. NOVELTIES IN LACE AND CHIFFON BOAS, Lace and Chiffon
Collarettes, Lace Yokes and Chiffon Fronts, on special sale to-day.
7 OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS!
18-INCH BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER COLLARETTES, finest qualities at
$2, $2 50, ■ $3, $3 50, $4, $4 50, $5, $6, $7 50 each. H '
36, 45, 54 INCH BLACK REAL OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS, from $6 to $18 50 each.
FUR TRIMMINGS!
FUR TRIMMINGS, in bear, marten, coney, beaver and all new and fashionable
grades, all at the lowest prices.
SPECIAL==JETJBEAD TRIMMINGS!
We will show a very excellent variety of JET BEAD TRIMMINGS, extra good value
at sc, 8c and 10c a yard. , .i - : ,;. \
LADIES KID GLOVES.
jL _.t - S3 ! Cents.
154 dozen 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large pearl buttons), colors tan brown and mode;
regular price $1, on special sale at 59c a pair.
-3Lt 81.00,
102 dozen 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES (large buttons to match gloves), colors
tan, brown red, regular price $1 50, on special sale at $1 a pair.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS.
-A-t 2~» Conts.
250 dozen MEN'S, LADIES' AND BOYS' ALL-SILK NECKWEAR, in tecss. four-
in-hands, bows, club ties, etc., made up m a choica variety of medium and dark
.. silks, worth 50c, on special "sale at 25c each.
125 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED MEDIUM*" HEAVY COTTON SOCKS, with
double h*-els and toes,, in browns, slat-s, grays, tans, etc.. good value for $2 50 a
dozen, on special sale at 10c a pair.
, - _3_-ft. 12^ . Cents.
95 dozen MEN'S HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, luli-rin.shed, with double spliced heels
and toes, and ia sanitary undyed colors, regular value 25c, on special sale at 12«^c
a pair.
72 doz^n MEN'S AUSTRALIAN LAMB'S- WOOL* AND CAMELS-HAIR MIXED
UNDERSHIRTS AND DRAWERS, with tnpie sewn seams and warranted thor-
oughly shrunk, regular price $1 50. on special sale at $1 each.
/efrwSisS MURPHY BUILDINGh I *
(/(/ ffiartut Street corser of Joiesi /