VOLUME LXXX.— 3STO. 39.
DEMOCRACY DIES VERY HARD,
Proceedings Prolonged at
the Divided National
Convention.
SILVER MEN RULE WITH THE
HAND OF IRON.
Feverish Speeches by Some of the
Leaders While Reports Are
Awaited.
AS A VARIETY MORE GOLD DELEGATES
ARE DEPRIVED OF SEATS.
Music, Mirth, Hilarity, Cheers, Hoots, Hisses
and Miniature Riots Characterize the
Proceedings During the Unseating
of Michigan Goldites.
"The Call's" Headquarters, >
Great Northern Hotel,. >
Chicago, Ill.,tJuly 9— A. M. 5 .-
The New York delegation will not bolt the convention. It cannot afford to
do so as such action would split the party in New York State and the Tammany
machine would lose its local power. Hill will present a minority report from
the Committee on Platform. He and Whitney have already drafted it. ■ It
upholds the cold standard and indorses the administration. ,
Hill is expected to address the convention to-day. The gold men are much
better organized than the silverites, in whose ranks personal ambitions and sec
tional jealousies are cropping out. Stevenson's candidacy is being urged for
ward.
Governor Stone said to me to-night . that Bland would be nominated on the
fourth ballot. Delegates and visitors despite the : excitement and fatigue of the
second day of the .convention are still swarming about the hotel corridors at
this hour. It is not thought possible that candidates for the Presidential nomi
nation will be balloted for to-day.
Hill And Vila* will speak for gold and Tillman and Bryan : for silver. ' ■
Populists are urging Teller and Sibley with 'renewed vigor. Lomai of Ala
bama told me to-night that the South would not support any Populist or Repub
lican with silver tendencies for the Presidency.
Burgess, a gold man from Mobile who has been on the State Kxecutlve Com
inrttee.jror-«-«.ax ip '' declares .the South will be divided »nd that business men
We opposed to the free coinage of silver and may not vote upon ; a Presidential
issue. "' '
The word, has been given out that New York and New England will not vote
Tor a Presidential nominee. In case' this programme ia followed Bland will be
nominated un the first ballot. FRANK McGUJKK.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— After passing
■hrouirlj a !i«Ues« morning session the
Democratic National Convention wit
ies9ed two scenes to-night which com
jensated those whose pent-up feelings
»ad been given no vent in the eariier part
if the day. Men anrl women joined in the
lemonstration for each of the contending
actions of the Democracy. They shouted
aid cheered, sang ana stamped and fairly
•urned the convention hall into a pande
noniuin.
It was during the rollcall of States on a
notion to adopt the minority report of
lie committee on credentials that both
lemons trations occurred. The majority
if the committee had submitted a report
mseatinc: members of the Michigan gold
(elegalion and providing that silver con
estants should take their places. Chair
nan Daniel had put the question on the
idoption of the minority report and the
•ding by States was proceeding with a
'omparative quiet and some preciseness.
flThen New York was reached Chairman
linckley's large frame loomed nnder the
ittle banner that indicated the locality of
he Empire State Democracy. There was
ilence for a brief second; then Mr.
linckley's voice rang out: 'New York
asts her seventy-two votes aye."
A great cheer went up from all parts of !
he hall. The delegates on the floor led i
he applause, some of them rising to their J
:x-Gor\gressrr\ar\ Qeorge Fred Wiiliams, the Massachusetts Silver Mar\
Who Made a Telling Speech in the GorWention Yesterday,
Gombatirxg the Assertion Jhat the Seat of Empire Had Been
Jransferred From the Atlantic Goast to the JYiississippi Valley.
The San Francisco Call.
feet to give better space for the display of
gymnastics which their enthusiasm forced
on them. A man among the spectators
rose and waved his hat and in an instant
the audience was up, seemingly en masse,
and people were cheering like madmen.
Things began to quiet down after a few
minutes, but the playing of the band
broke in as though it were intended as a
signal to renew the applause. Up again
came the Eastern delegates and up came
the spectators. In the midst of the New-
York seats a bearded man jumped on a
chair and waved his hat. He shouted
something to his fellow-delepates and
nearly every man among the New Yorkers
leaped to his feet, many standing on their
chairs and shouting like men gone wild in
delirious joy.
In that mysterious and indefinable man
ner which all those who have seen a great
demonstration of this sort can appreciate,
the cheering suddenly decreased in vol
ume and seemed to be dying away. But
Hugh Grant knew his subjects, and
through bis lips came the name of David
B. Hill, shouted with all the lung-power
at bis command. "Hill! Hill! David B.
Hill!" became the cry of thousands, who
had a moment before shown signs of abat
ing enthusiasm. Up again came delegates
and audience, and every man and woman
1 [Continued on Third Page,]
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY MORNING, JULY 9, 1896.
United States Senator Stephen M. White, California's Favorite Democratic Son,
Permanent Ghairman of the Democratic Rational Contention.
MAJORITY'S
MAD RULE.
Colonel John P. Irish's
Ideas About the
Convention.
OLD PARTY PRECEDENTS
TRAMPLED.
A Disastrous Programme of Dis
credit and Dishonor Car
ried Out
LEGALLY CHOSEN DELEGATES
EXPELLED.
Conspiracy of the Senatorial Syndi
cate to Have Teller Get the
Nomination.
The Call's Headquarters, )
Great Northern Hotel, V
Chicago, ill., July 8.)
A superficial view of the fiel«i this morn
ing seemed to prove t' at this convention
was sobered by the effect of its work in
the temporary organization. It had
trampled on a party precedent followed
for fifty-four years. The California dele
gation, ridden by its leaders, had helped
brain the National Committee by voting
for Daniel, and the young members were
s jrprised when they were told that in 1888
Senator White was made temporary chair
man at St. Louis in the same way against
which they voted with ungrateful solidity
to-day.
Under the temporary organization the
majority proceeded without compunction.
Loot and pillage were virtues to ther
After Daniel had laid down in his spec a
the programme of discredit and dishonor,
the plan more disastrous to every public
and private interest than would have been
the successful division of the Union
which he and his section attempted in
1861, the convention obeyed its riders to
the end. When it adjourned the word
went around that the two-thirds rule was
to be respected, and the sound-money
men rejoiced that responsibility had
sobered the power-intoxicated majority.
That this was a delusion was apparent
when the credentials committee proposed
to expel bodily the Michigan, Nebraska
and South Dakota delegations, all elected
as regularly and commissioned by as in
vulnerable party authority as that of Cali
fornia. It then dawned upon the radicals
who needed the old rule to guard them
against the fury of their own side that to
day the men who yesterday cut an equally,
venerable, just and powerful party prac
tice to elect Daniel, would be found invok
ing the memory of their fathers, the an
cient practice and hallowed precedent of
the party, to sustain the two-thirds rule
because, if abrogated, Bland would be nom
inated on the first ballot. Some of them
say they will prevent this, because Bland
is in alliance with Altgeld and has prom
ised to make an anarchist Attorner-Geu
eral. Already the match of disorder, which
yesterday they scratched so gayly, has
kimlie'd to conflagration against every
safeguard of property and that fright
ens them. Robespierre lost his head
by the ?ame knife on which the blood
of Louis XVI had mated but eighteen
months.
There is a growing suspicion that the
syndicate of Senators .is under contract to
deliver the nomination to Teller, in ac
cordance with a promise and programme
arranged before his bolt at St. Louis.
Look at it I Senator Daniel, temporary;
Senator White, permanent chairman;
Senator Jones, chairman of resolutions
committee. This closes the Senatorial
grip on every instrument of the conven
tion's power.
The maker! of the constitution, giving
the Senate concurrence with the President
In treaties and confirmation of appoint
ments, secured against puppetting the
Presidency by providing that when elec
tion by the people fuiled, the chair shall
be tilled by a unit vote of States in the
House. These Senators, sitting with Re- I
publicans in that chamber for years, have
seen them make an errand boy of the
President. They have seen Johnson im
peached for revolting and Garfield mur
dered for refusing to wear the badge of a
district messenger boy. The practice
made each Senator a President within his
jurisdiction.
The crime called Senatorial courtesy,
applied to confirmations, grew out of this
custom. From the first Mr. Cleveland
stood and at the end stands against the
usurpation of his office. Therefore, these
Senators ure syndicated to make their
creature President; to make in the con
vention a collusion forbidden by the con
stitution. It means a radical change in
our scheme of government, accomplished
by indirection, which will make the Sen
ate the executive authority and the Presi
dent a nullity. , It cuts every check and
destroys every balance of the constitution;
substitutes for the single Presidency a
panarchy, and provides means for final
absorption of the House itself and an end
of popular government, under a written
constitution.
The next few hours will tell whether
this conspiracy succeeds now or is de
ferred by invocation of the same forces of
confusion in which it generated.
Last night the old Democracy met in
council under the chairmanship of Sena
tor Gray. The room was crowded and the
crowd indignant. Every Southern State j
was represented, some by tne sound mi- I
norities of their delegations, others by
Democrals delegated by business centers.
Their attitude was one of the most aston
ishing features of this astonishing time.
They came asking the sound Democrats
of the North to save them from Southern
politicians, as the same Democracy saved i
them from Republican politicians of the !
North. Earnest men were they, declaring
that the majority programme will destroy
the South by destruction of credit. They
SDoke of the growth of dishonor from the
repudiation seed planted by Mississippi
sixty years ago, and declared that their
own demagogue politicians are more their
energies than the Northern armies which
lelt a trail of ashes behind them in
the civil war. They refused to submit
to tbis thing, and declared that
separate action is absolutely neces
sary to save their people and preserve
their credit and honor. Some of these
gentlemen have been, some are in Con
gress. Many are in business. All are
patriots. They belong to the later school
of Southern men and declare that Ala
bama, Tennessee, Kentucky and West
Virginia, and perhaps old Virginia, will
aot give an electoral vote to this ticket
which stands for repudiation and dis
honor. They join their fortunes to every
Northern State in the council, led by
Bragg, Ewing, MacVeagh, Coudert, Gover
nor Russell. Martin of Nebraska, aye, and
men from Montana, Idaho, California,
Oregon and all the North.
While the infuriates in the convention
denounce goldbugs people wonder at the
source of all this maddened display and
the lavish expenditures which stage the
tragedy. A weazened little man, on
whose skeleton finger glitters a diamond
known as the Montana kobinoor, is seen
furtively gliding around hotels and seek
ing locked rooms. He looks like an
emptied purse. It is Clark of Montana,
the thirty-ply millionaire silver miner.
He and twenty other silver millionaires
are here merely in behalf of the toiling
masses, ready to poultice their wounds
with silver at $1 29 per ounce which
costs 12 cents to produce. But then the
profit on drugs was always high, especi
ally when the physician gets a commis
sion on the prescription.
The three States marked for expulsion
were assassinated one at a time. The
knife was used first on Nebraska. Life
long Democrats were sent out to the
morgue and men who were never in the
party before sat in their places in a con
vention presided over temporarily and
permanently by Senators who voted for
■ the Pefter-Allen bill to repeal the resurnp
j tion act and yusDend specie payment.
The morning session was not piquant.
When the Nebraska delegation was ex
' pelled and the one seated by no right but
micht marched in an attempt was made
to get up a demonstration. The un
ele'cted usurpers were led by Bryan, clad
in a silver mantle and following a silver
| banner, which he regarded with that
rapt look which a Mohammedan bestows
upon his prayer rug. It was a failure-
Nobody noticed it, and the gentlemen ex
pelled to make room for this tawdry play
got the most attention.
It is settled th*t California, per Mr.
Foote, is to second Senator Blackburn's
nomination for the Presidency. Whether
the delegation can be forced into support
ing him is a much-discussed matter.
The convention's assassination of Michi
gan was iollowed by a war dance while
the band pluyed "Dixie." It has rapidly
crystallized opinion and made more cer
tain a movement repudiating the repu
diators. John P. leish.
Cleveland Interested.
BUZZARDS BAY, Mass., July B.— With
ths exception of a few hours this after
noon the President remained at Gray
Gables all day. Bulletins from the con
vention ball were handed him by the
operator, which he carefully read, and he
followed the deliberations with much in
terest.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
KILL TIME
WITH TALK.
Silver Men Run Things
as They Please in the
Convention.
SENATOR WHITE A FINE
CHAIRMAN.
Boss Altgeld's Programme Being
Adhered to by the Men
Who Rule.
NEW ATTRACTION TO THE LAKE
CITY'S DIME MUSEUM.
Influence of "The Call" Shown at th©
Coliseum in the Distribution
of Seats.
"The Call's" Headquarters,)
Great Northern Hotel, >
Chicago, 111., July 8. >
Delegates were glow in arriving at the
Coliseum this morning. While waiting
for the report of the Committee on Cre
dentials the convention wag addressed
by several silver men, who hurled defi
ance at the advocates of gold.
The gold delegates from Nebraska and
Michigan were unseated and the free
coinage contestants seated, giving silver
more than the iwo-thirds majority re
quired by the rules for the nomination
of a President.
Senator "White of California was made
permanent chairman of the convention.
The afternoon session, beginning at 5
o'clock, wag mostly occupied -with the
debates on the adoption of the minority
report of the Committee on Credentials
in the Michigan contested case.
Senator White made a very favorable
impression. He has a clear, strong, pen
etrating voice and hag parliamentary
tactics at his finger-ends. He was en
thusiastically cheered when he said that
his rulings as chairman would be unbi
ased and impartial.
Koss Altgeld's programme has been
faithfully followed thus far. To-mor
row morning the Committee on Plat
form will report. It will declare for
the free coinage of silver at the ratio of
16 to 1. There will be a few planks, but
they will be merely subsidiary.
To-morrow the convention may com
plete it* work.
JOHN PAUL COSGEAVE.
AS TOLD BY COSGRAVE.
Lurid Speeches In the Convention
Not Heard by Special Cor
respondents.
The Call's Headqtjabters, )
Great Northern Hotel, V
Chicago, 111., July 8.)
Chicago offered one of her loveliest
mornings to the Democratic Convention
to-day. The refreshing breeze from the
lake had an invigorating effect upon the
large number of delegates who had not
gone to bed until 3 or 4 o'clock this morn
ing and they were in rather a merry mood
when they entered the convention hall.
The delegates wer- late in arriving and
it was nearly 11 o'clock before the con
vention was called to order. After tho
chaplain of the occasion had asked a
blessing upon the gold and silver men
alike, as the rains and the dews and the
sunshine fall upon the just and unjust,
the band struck up "Away Down South
in Dixie." This enlivened matters, the
delegates from the South throwing their
hats into the air and applauding. "The
Girl I Left Behind Me" was then produced
by the band, whereupon New York and
the Atlantic Coast were heard from, there
being a few gentlemen of Irish descent in
the convention whahad Jeft several "gals"
apiece behind them in New York and
Boston. It was a morning of music
While the convention was waiting for the
report of the Committee on Credentials a
Boies band outside struck up "Auld Lang
Syne" and several Democratic Caledonian
yells went up on the inside. Then a
Bland band marched in playing as a testi
monial of devotion to the Sunny South
"My Maryland," and the Democratic yell
broke loose again.
The silver men were in jolly good humor
and enjoyed the music greatly, while
Senator Hill and a few gold friends wera
away somewhere in seclusion humming
the "Dead March in Saul," relieved with
a few snatches of the popular air, "Do, Do,
My Huckleberry, Do," and that college
song, ' : Adoo, Adoo, Kind Friends, Adoo,"
the Senator and his friends fully appreci
ating the fact that they had been done to
a turn by Boss Altgelu and his push. The
gold men in the convention were not in a
very pleasant mood and they kept calling
for "Hill, Hill," while Chairman White
persistently rapped for order. Then the
chairman would call upon some gentle
man for a speech to while away the time,
and as he called npon none but silver men
Cures
Absolute, perfect, permanent cares, even
alter other medicines have utterly failed,
have given Hood's Sarsaparilla the first
place among medicines arjd the largest
sales in the world.
"I had chills and fever for the last nine
months. I have been nsing Hood's Sarsa-
parilla and Hood's Pills, and these medi-
cines have cured me." Misa Gertie Binger,
Lodi, Cal.
Hood's
SarsaparilEa
Is the best— ln fact tne One True Blood Purifier.
Hnnrl'e Dalle, cure Llver His; easy to
11UUU & fills taie, easy to operate.2sc■
2
QoVernor Boies of loWa. the Second Choice of Maruj Delegates for the Presidential fJomirvatiorx
in the Chicago GonVention NoW in Session at Chicago.
Sketched from life at the rainier Bouse last weeh by «7. Kahler of " T*« Call* " Art Staff.
a wild, glad shout went up from tbe rep
resentatives of the irrepressible West.
Governorr Hogg of Texas made what
would no doubt have been a very fine
speech if anybody had beard what he sa ; d,
but his ttestnres were very dramatic, and
when he scowled like a thunderstorm in
St. Louis, and murderously shook his
clinched fist at a few hundred visitors in
the chairs at the farther end of tbe hall,
the people yelled and applauded him.
This inspired the Governor to greater ex
ertions and he stamped his- broad Texan
feet and brandished his clinched fist in
heavy villain style, the poor man laboring
under the delusion that The Call staff
could hear every word that he said and
were taking down his remarks in six dif
ferent styles of shorthand.
When Hogg got through Chairman
White rapped for order, and the gold men
began yelling for Hill again as noisily and
as piteously as a flock of lambs that had
lost their mothers. Blackburn of Ken
tucky received a great round of cheers
when he stepped up to the platform and
hurled the resonant defiance of the silver
men into the gold teeth of the opposition.
"Hill! Hill!" yelled the gold men once
more, and their request was met by the
production of Boss Altgeld, who expressed
his very peculiar views on tbe subject of
political economy, advancing the start
ling proposition that if you wished to ex
chanpe a bushel of corn for a half pint of
whisky you can't do it without taking in
silver as the middleman, and that if you
can't get the half ounce of silve r the bushel
of corn and tbe half pint of whisky will
immediately be put upon the market for a
quarter of an ounce of silver, and that the
poor man, who in thatevent buys as much
for a quarter of an ounce as he had pre
viously paid a half an ounce for, is de
frauded and robbed by Mr. Hill's gold
bugs.
Altgeld was well applauded, although
only a very few could hear what he said,
but they clapped thsir hands and shouted
at him to make him feel good and as a
mart of courtesy to the boss. Then the
song of Hill was again taken up by the
belated New Yorker?, and Chairman
White, having succeeded in obtaining a
hearing, remarked sarcastically in that
clear, ringiDg silver free-coinage voice of
his that the chair would take great pleas
ure in recognizing the distinguished gen
tleman from New York, "but," he added,
"what's the use of calling for a gentleman
who is not in the hall?"
"Give it np," shouted a delegate from
"Montana. After this diversion Mr. Ober
■meyer of Pennsylvania was turned loose
on the platform and harrowed up the feel
ings of the outraged gold men and rubbed
salt on their wounds by exclaiming dra
matically, "Yesterday the seat of empire
was transferred from the Atlantic States
to the Mississippi Valley."
Yon should have heard the yell with
which this roar of defiance was greeted.
And so on Until nearly 2 o'clock" there
•were silver speeches and gold groans, and
then the convention growing very weary
of so much oratory and tired of waiting
for the credentials committee, took a re
cess until 5 p. m.
The gold men left the hall feeling that
the silver men were on horseback and in
tended to ride roughshod over them.
Several hundred newspaper correspon
dents are very much dissatisfied with the
manner in which seats for the press have
b«en arranged. It is right, of course, tbat
the press associations should be given tbe
nearest space to the speakers' platform on
both sides, but the hundreds of corre
spondents who have been herded and
cramped in a corral 100 feet away where
they can see but little and hear nothing
are chafing in their chairs and muttering
their condemnation of tl.e mismanage
ment by reason of which they have been
obliged to suffer. Immediately back of
the speakers' platform and on both sides
of it, where an excellent view of all the
delegations may be obtained, and where
all the speakers may be plainly heard, is a
large space sufficient to accommodate al
most twice the number of poor devils in
ihe corral, >et this space is given up to
ladies and gentlemen who have a push.
In consequence, the correspondents are
writing to their respective papers roast
lets concerning the sergeant-at-arms and
tbe manner in which be has laid out the
ground plan of the convention. There
were 600 seats for the press at the St.
Louis Convention, while in tbis big hall
which will easily seat 15,000 people, there
are not more then 400. However, The
Call staff have been treated well, because
they have succeeded in obtaining four
seats, while the Examiner and the Chron
icle were allowed but two each, a visible
indication of tbe respective circulation and
influence of tbe Chronicle and Examiner
as compared with the circulation and in
fluence of The Call.
Two new free shows of the dime museum
order have been opened on State street,
wituin a block of the Palmer House, at a
very expensive rental. The names of
these are blazoned in incandescent lights
over their respective entrances — the New
York Journal and the Cincinnati En
quirer. The vacant store occupied by the
Journal is used for the purpose of an exhi
bition-room of quaint-colored posters ad
vertising the Sunday Journal, and a large
room partitioned off in tbe rear contains
the real features of the museum — the
writers for that paper, of whom there are
probable a score. After tbe horribly ugly
women who throng the sidewalks on State
street every day have examined tbe
posters they stand at tbe door of tbe inner
room and gaze with ill-concealed admira
tion at the classic features and the Van
dyke beard of Ned Hamilton of San Fran
cisco, who sometimes does his writing
there. Notning obstructs the view of
passers-by from the staff of the Cincinnati
Enquirer. The writers extend from the
show-window to the rear of the room,
illuminated witn electric lights and ex
posed to the raking fire of wistful female
eyes, whose shafts pierce through the
plate-gla?s windows and tempt the good,
pious, gentle, modest reporters to blush.
This placing newspaper writers on pub
lic exhibition is suegeative of a freak de
partment in a dime museum. It is done
fur the purpose of advertising the news
papers which resort to thU store-renting
habit. I think that the columns of the
newspaper itself, the quantity and quality
of matter which it contains, its reputation
for reliability and integrity, are the best,
ihe most rational and succe?sful advertise
ment that a newspaper could have, if this
plan of giving away a bicycle to the pur
chaser of each box of matches is persisted
in some of tbe sensational journals will
will soon be offering a reporter free to each
subscriber.
A Democratic bootblack, while spoiling
my tan shoes a morning or two ago, was
bewailing the stupidity and the ignorance
of ttie working people of Chicago. "Why,"
he said, "I know a lot of Democratic work
ingmen in this town who say that they
are going to vote for McEinley because
they want to have the McKinley bill in
again, and because they have had nothing
but hard times since Cleveland and the
rest of the Democrats got into power." I
gave this weeping Democrat a copper cent
for a tip.
Senator Hill made his fir^t appearance
ia the convention to-day, at the opening
of the evening session at 5 o'clock. He
must hare felt nattered at the applause
bestowed upon him. After having thrown
a man into the soup it is majrnanimity
and good politics to stroke him on the
back and compliment him on being a fine
swimmer. John Pacl Cosgrave.
« — , —
DESCRIBED BY McCUIRE.
Tumult Caused by the Outpouring
of the Feelinsrs of Silver and
Cold Men.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— The first de
monstrations of the Democratic National
Convention of 1896 occurred in the Coli
seum to-night. Thi-y were the outpour
ings of the pent up feelings of the silver
and gold wings of the party. The scenes
were full of color. They were heroic in
character.
It was all over the contest in the Michi
pan delegation. There were majority and
minority reports from the committee on
credentials, and the champions of tbe two
factions urged the indorsement of their re
spective recommendations in outbursts of
fevered oratory.
The majority report recommended the
seating of the contestants from Michigan,
and the minority report declared in favor
of the persons already seated. After hours
of bitter denunciation from both sides a
rollcall was ordered, and when New York
was reached a great cheer went up from
the vast throng*
THE SA]N FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JDLY 9, 1896.
It was started from tbe delegates from
the Eastern States, and tbe refrain was
taken np by tbe galleries and carried to
the roof. It was indeed a period of intense
excitement. It was the first pronounced
expression of sentiment on the part of the
advocates of the yellow metal and their
friends.
For a short time it looked like a stam
pede of tbe conventipn by this compact
and thoroughly organized element. Flags
were wared, bats were tossed np, women
stood on chairs and cheered, side by side
with the men, all seemed carried away by
this sudden expression of devotion to
Tammany and the old Democracy of what
was once affectionately alluded to by the
American people as the Empire State of
tbe Union.
When the time came for the silver men
to cheer it was thought by some that the
empire had moved westward. The dem
onstration of the silverites was proroked
when the chair announced the result of
the ballot, and it was shown that they had
a large majority in the convention reject
ing tbe amendment and sustaining the
original report of the majority of the com
mittee on resolutions to seat the contest
ing delegates from Michigan. These dele
gates are united for silver, and as they are
in the majority they will carry Michigan,
which is pledged to the nnit rule, twenty
eight strong, into the camp of the white
metallists.
The specta cle was magnificent. A long,
united chorus of voices seemed to swell up
from the very ground, it was carried
through the rows of silver delegates and
thence to tbe galleries, gain ing additional
force as it careered along to the upper sec
tions of the Colisseum and spent its fury
in the open air beyond. The music of the
band was lost in the volume of voice that
rose np from a solid, aggressive, excited,
angry, silver multitude. The sea of fuces
was a vast mirror that cast forth a thous
and varied reflections under the rays of
tha electric lights. The scene dazzled, ex
cited the Benses, bewildered the compre
hension.
The vote showed that the silver men
had a handsome majority in the conven
tion. They polled 558 votes against 388
by the enemy. The result was most cheer
ing to the silver men and they are confi
dent that they will be able to control the
convention, even if the two-thirds rule is
allowed to stand. As to candidates they
were not heard of in the advance skirmish
of the gold and silver men to-day. It is
not likely that a vote on candidates will
be reached to-morrow.
The day will be consumed with the plat
form, and Senator Hill of New York will
probably be heard in a speech in support
of the minority report which will be sub
mitted to the convention. "It will be the
speech of his life," said a Tammany man
to me to-night, referring to Hill's attitude
on the financial question and the line of
thought he would probably pursue in his
efforts to convince the silver delegates of
the error of their ways. "Tbe minority
report," continued my informant, "will
commend the honesty, courage and fidelity
of the present Democratic administration.
From the silver men, however, I learn
that President Cleveland will be ignored.
Bland is not gaining any additional
strength. In fact, he lost grevsnd to-day.
Illinois gave it out that the delegation
would only vote for him on the first
ballot. This was a severe blow to the
Bland managers, since they do not expect
to secure the nomination of their candi
date until the third or fourth ballot. A.
8. Trude, a leader In the Illinois delega
tion, said to-day:
"We honor Governor Altgeld and will
pay him the tribute of voting for Bland
on the first ballot. After that I think
Illinois will take up a man from within its
own borders, and I don't t'.iink Mr. Alt
geld will undertake to force us any further
than this. There is a majority of the con
vention now determine! to break away
from Bland after the first vote and take
up an Illinois man. They ara divided
only on the question of whether it shall
be Stevenson or Nick Worthineton. lam
inclined to tbe belief that the Illinois vote
will go for Stevenson after the first ballot."
Free Morris of Watseka said: "I be
lieve if ihe Governor lets us alone after
tbe first ballot tnat Illinois will have a
candidate of its own, and will put up a
good fight for him too. It will be either
Platform of tfje
Democratic Party as Presented
to tfye Convention.
We, the Democrats of the United States, in National Convention assembled, do
reaffirm our allegiance to those great essential principles of justice and liberty upon
which our institutions are founded and which the Democratic party has advocated
from Jefferson's time to our own— freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom
of conscience, the preservation of personal rights, the equality of all citizens before
the law and the faithful observance of constitutional limitations.
During all these years the Democratic party has resisted the tendency of selfish
interests to the centralization of governmental power and steadfastly maintained the
integrity of the dual scheme of gover nment established by the founders of tbis Re
public of republics. Under its guidance and teachings the great principle of local
self-government has found its best expression in the maintenance of the rights of the
States and in its assertion of the necessity of confining the General Government to
the exercise of the powers granted by the constitution of the United State?.
Realizing that the money question is paramount to all others at this time, we in
vite attention to the fact that the Federal constitution names silver and gold together
as the money metals of the United States, and that tbe first coinage law passed by
Congress under the constitution made the silver dollar ihe monetary unit,
and admitted gold to free coinage at a ratio based upon the silver dollar unit. We de
clare that the act of 1873 demonetizing silver without the knowledge or approval of the
Ameritan people has resulted in the appreciation of gold and a corresponding fall in
the prices of commodities produced by the people; a heavy increase in the burden of
taxation and of all debts, public and private, the entrenchment of the money-lending
class at home and abroad, the prostration of industry and impoverishment of the peo
ple. We are unalterably opposed to monometallism, which has locked fast the pros
perity of the industrial people in the paralysis of hard times. Gold monometallism is
a British policy and its adoption has brought other nations into financial servitude to
London. It is not only un-American but anti-American and it can be fastened on
the i United States only by the stifling of that spirit and love of liberty which pro
claimed our political independence in 1776 and won it In tbe war of the Revolution.
We demand the free and unlimited coinage of both gold and silver at the present
legal ratio of 16 to 1 without waiting for the aid or consent of any otner nation. We
demand that the standard silver dollar shall be a full legal tender equally with gold
for all debts, publio and private, and we favor such legislation as will prevent in the
future the demonetization of any kind of legal tender money by private contract.
We are opposed to the policy and practice of surrendering to the holders of the
obligations of the United States the option reserved by law to the Government of
redeeming such obligations in either silver coin or goM coin.
We aie opposed to the issue of interest-bearing bonds of the United States in time
of peace, and condemn the trafficking with banking syndicates, which, in exchange
for bonds, and at an enormous profit to themselves, supply tbe ifederal treasury with
gold to maintain the policy of gold monometallism.
Congress alone has the power to coin and Issue money, and President Jackson
declared that this power could not be delegated to corporations or individuals. We
therefore demand that the power to issue notes to circulate as money be taken from
the National banks and that all paper money shall be issued directly oy the Treasury
Department, be redeemable in coin and receivable for all debts public and private. We
hold that tariff duties should be levied ior the purpose of revenue, such duties to be so
adjusted as to operate equally throughout the country and not discriminate between
class or section, and that taxation should be limited by the need 3of tbe Government,
honestly and economically administered.
We denounce as disturbing to business the Republican threat to restore the
McEinley law, which has twice been condemned by the people in National elections,
and which, enacted until the false plea of protection to home industry, proved a prolific
breeder of trusts and monopolies, enriched a few at the expense of the many, restricted
trade and deprived the producers of the great American staples of access to their
natural markets. Until the money question is settled we are opposed to any agitation
for further changes in our tariff laws, except such as are necessary to meet the deficit
in revenue caused by the adverse decision of the Supreme Court on the income tax.
But for this decision by the Supreme Court there would be no deficit in the revenue in
the law passed by a Democratic Congress in strict pursuance of the uniform decisions
of tbat court for nearly 100 years, that court havlne in that decision sustained consti
tutional objections to its enactment which had previously been overruled by the ablest
Judges who have ever sat on that bench.
We declare that it is the duty of Congress to use all the constitutional power which
remains after tbat decision, or which may come from its reversal by the court as it
may hereafter be constituted, so that the burdens of taxation must be equally and im
partially laid, to the end tbat wealth may bear its due proportion of the expenses of
the Government. We hold that the most efficient way of protecting American labor
is to prevent the importation of foreign pauper labor to compete with it in the home
market, and tbat the home market to our American farmers and artisans is greatly re
duced by a vicious monetary system wbicb, depresses the prices of their products be
low the cost of production and thus deprives them of the means of purchasing the
products of our home manufacturers.
The absorption of wealth by the few, the consolidation of our leading railroad sys
tems and the formation of trusts and poois require a stricter control by the 1 -deral
Government of those arteries of commerce. We demand the enlargement of the
powers of the Interstate Commission and such restrictions and guarantees in the con
trol of railroads as will protect the people from robbery and oppression.
We denounce the profligate waste of the money wrung from tbe people by oppres
sive taxation and the lavish appropriations of recent Republican Congresses, which
have kept taxes high while the laborer tbat pays them is unemployed, and products
of the people's toil are depressed in price till they no longer repay the cost of produc
tion. We demand a return to that simplicity and economy which befits a democratic
Government and reduction in the number of useless offices, the salaries of which drain
the substance of the people.
We denounce arbitrary interference by Federal authorities in local affairs as a
Violation of the constitution of the United Btatesand a crime against free institutions,
and we especially object to Government by injunction as a new and highly dangerous
form of oppression by which Federal Judges, in contempt of the laws of the States and
rights of citizens, become at once legislators, Judges and executioners, and we approve
the bill passed at tbe last session of the United States Senate and now pending in the
House of Representatives relative to contempts in Federal courts, and providing for
trials by jury in certain cases of contempt.
No discrimination should be indulged by the Government of the United States in
favor of any of its debtors. We approve of the refusal of the Fifty-third Coneress to
pass the Pacific Railroad funding bill and denounce the efforts of the present Republi
can Congress to enact a similar measure.
Recognizing the just claims of deserving Union soldiers, we heartily indorse the
rule of the present Commissioner of Pensions, tbat no names shall be arbitrarily
dropped from the pension rolls, and the fact of enlistment and service should be
deemed conclusive evidence against disease and disability before enlistment.
We favor the admission of the Territories of New Mexico and Arizona into the
Union as States, and we favor the early admission of all the Territories having the
necessary population and resources to entitle them to statehood, and while they remain
Territories we hold that the officials appointed to administer the eovernment of any
Territory, together with the District of Columbia and Alaska, should be bona-fide resi
dents o! the Territory or district in which the duties are to be performed. The Demo
cratic party believes in home rule and that all public landa of the United States should
be appropriated to the establishment of free homes for American citizens.
We recommend that the Territory of Alaska be granted a delegate in Congress,
and that the general land and timber laws of the United States be extended to said'
Territory.
We extend our sympathy to the people of Cuba in their heroic struggle for liberty
and independence.
We are opposed to life tenure in the public service. We favor appointments based
upon merit, fixed terms of office and such an administration of the civil service laws
as will afford equal opportunities to all citizens of ascertained fitness.
We declare H to be the unwritten law of tbis Republic established by custom and
usage of 100 years and sanctioned by the examples of the greatest and wisest of those
who founded and have maintained our Government that no man should be elidible for
a third term of the Presidential office.
The Federal Government should care for and improve the Mississippi River and
other great waterways of the Republic so as to secure for the interior States easy and
cheap transportation to tidewater. When any waterway of the Republic is of suf
ficient importance to demand aid of the Government such aid should be extended
upon a definite plan of continuous work until permanent improvement is secured.
Confiding in the justice of our cause and the necessity of its success at the polls we
submit the foregoing declaration of principles and purposes to the considerate judg
ment of the American people. We invite the support of all citizens who approve them
and who desire to have them made effective through legislation for the relief of the
people and the restoration of the country's prosperity.
Stevenson or Worthington, with chances
in favor of the Vice-President."
A little Presidential boom came on to
Chicago from Washington to-day. It fav
ored ex-Attorney-General Garland. He
has about as much show for the nomi
nation by this convention as I have.
Fbank McGuibb.
HILL'S PAST VIEWS.
It Is Not Very Lonjr Ajro Since He
Championed the Cause of the
White Metal.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— A letter writ
ten by Senator Hill to the Atlanta Consti
tution on July 13, 1893, on the issue for
the campaign of 1896, was quietly circu
lated about tbe hall this afternoon.
In the letter Senator Hill declared him
self opposed to the repeal of the Sherman
law. and said:
"We Bhould be for free silver coinage
under an international agreement, if it be
possible to procure it — and for which every
exertion should be made — and if not pos
sible then for independent bimetallism.
This is the one great goal for which we
should strive. It cannot be done at once.
Our friends must not be impa
tient. The people must be educated.
The unexpected action of India and
the general sentiment of the moneyed
classes conspire against us at this time. I
do not believe iv the Bland bill or any
other measure which guarantees anything
less than an unrestricted coinage of cold
and silver alike as pledged in the Demo
cratic National platform. Let us prepare,
not for present vi?tory. but for victory
u>.on that issue in 18%. The repeal of the
Sherman law will not give the relief which
is anticipated. It will aid business tem
porarily, but in a year times will be hard
and tbe demand for permanent financial
relief will be irresistible. We should con
tinue to hold out free silver as the goal
which the country must intimately reach.
Tbe triumph of the monometallist will be
but temporary."
A ROAST FOR GROVER.
Senator Tillman Has an Amend
ment to the President's
Indorsement.
CHICAGO, 111., July B,—When the
report of the committee on resolutions is
made to the convention a minority report
will be also presented indorsing the
financial policy of the Cleveland adminis
tration. The report will be very short
and relate exclusively to the financial
plank. It declares for tbe existing
standard and indorses the calling together
of an international monetary conference.
To this Senator Tillman of South Caro
lina will offer an amendment and address
the convention upon it. Senator Tillman 's
amendment is in these words:
We deuounce the administration of Presi
dent Cleveland as un-Democraiic and tyranlcal
*nd as a departure from those principles which
are cherished by all liberty-loving Americans.
The veto power has been used to thwart the
will of the people as expressed by their repre
sen tati ves ia Congress. The appointive power
has been used to subsidize the press, to debauch
Congress and to overawe and control citizens
in the free exercise of their political rights as
voters. A plutocratic despotism is thus sought
to be established on the ruins of the Republic.
We repudiate the construction placed on the
financial plank of the last Democratic National
Convention by President Cleveland and Secre
tary Carlisle as contrary to th? plain meaning
of English words, and as being an act of bad
faith deserving the severest censure.
The issue of bonds in time of peace with
which to buy gold to redeem coin obligations
payable in sliver or gold at the option ot the
Government, and the use of the proceeds to de
fray the ordinary expenses of the Government,
are both unlawful and usurpations of author
ity deserving impeachment.
WEAK AND MISLEADING.
Bailey and Bryan to Enter a Protest
Agrainst the Wording of a Clause
In the Plank.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— During the
evening Representative Bailey of Texas
and Mr. Bryan of Nebraska entered a pro
test against the wording of the last clause
of the money plank which reiers to legal
tender money. The sentence is regarded
by them as weak and misleading, and
they understand that many of the silver
men oppose it on those grounds. It was
this disagreement among the silver men
that caused the adjournment to-night. It
is hopea an agreement can be speedily
reached to-morrow, but the Indications are
tbat tbe committee will be in session for
perhaps several hours.
Benator Tillman, according to the pro
gramme, will open the debate on the
platform and will be followed by Senator
Jones. Senator Hill will submit the mi
nority report and reply to these gentle
men. The debate, according to an under
standing between Hill and Jones* has been
limited to two hours. But it may take a
wider range and set at naught any agree
ment that has been made.
BLAND AT LEBANON.
If He Is Nominated the Little Mis
souri City Will Rejoice Exceed
ingly.
LEBANON, Mo., July B.— Mr. Bland
was in town this morning and went home
to dinner, returning again at 4:25. After
getting his mail he went into the club
rooms where the bulletins were posted and
read the monotonous recital of the proceed
ings at Cnicago. He took supper with his
family at the Farris residence and sent
word to headquarters that be would not
return until to-morrow morning.
The people here are begining to wake up
and if their champion is nominated tbe
little town of Lebanon will have a demon
stration which has never before been seen
Mr. Bland feels quite sure that the silver
ites will win in the convention and is sin
cere in his rather remarkable insistence
that the victory of his doctrine will be
victory enough for him.
THE PLATFORM RATIFIED.
South Dakota Republicans Meet
In State Convention in
Aberdeen.
ABERDEEN. S. D., July 8 The Re
publican State Convention met here to
day. The Wilson delegates from Fail
River County to the Republican State Con
vention were seated over the so-called
Gardner delegates by a vote of 473 to 118.
A fight ensued over the proposed plank
in the platform affirmin • allegiance to the
National Republican platform in its en
tirety. Judge Palmer offered as a substi
MSW TO-DAT.
"Great bargains in fine suits, old boy, advertised by
Sboutloud. Doemup & Co."
"But I don't like the name."
"Pdhaw ! what's in a name ?"
"Well— there are 'bargains' and bargains— gold and
dross, wheat and chaff, substance and wind, lalkis
cheap—unless there's a record and a reputation behind
it. I don't care what bargains— l want to know whote
bargains."
Here's a Roos Bros. Bargain :
All of our all-wool tailor-made suits
which means high-grade fabrics, work-
manship and trimmings— a splendid as-
sortment of this season's shades and mix-
tures ; dark, medium, light ; heretofore
sold at $16 to $20— now (and while they
last)
—$15—
No charge for altering and pressing. A
perfect tailor-made fit guaranteed. See
them in Kearny-street window.
It seems a pity to mention these suits in
the same breath with the monstrosities
offered at similar prices by wood-chopper
tailors !
But how can we help it ?
Careful and competent hands tend to oar
Mail Order Department.
tute for tbe worts "in its entirety" the
following:
Excepting its declaration upon finance. Upon
this question we hold to the use of both gold
and silver as the standard moneys of the
country, and the coinage of both gold and sil
ver without discrimination against either
metal, and at such • ratio as will maintain the
parity between them.
Tbe substitute was laid on the table by a
vote of 499 to 103.
Congressman it. J. Gamble was re-nom
inated by acclamation. Attorney-General
Crawford was nominated for second Con
gressman by 867 to 181 for Judge
William Gardner and 44 for W. 8. Glass.
REPUBLICAN MANAGERS.
Will Shortly Meet In Cleveland
and Decide Upon a Plan of
Campaign.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, July B.— The Na
tional Rf -mblican Executive Committee
will meet In Mark Hanna's efflce iv this
city July 14. The committee will then de
cide that the Nationtl headquarters will
■be in New York. It will till vacancies in
i te National committee from Colorado,
Alaska and the District of Columbia, and
will decide upon a plan of campaign.
Mark Hanna will soon go to Canton to
| submit to Major McKinley the member
ship of tbe executive committee of the
i Republican party. When approved the
list will be made public. It will not
differ to any marked extent from that
! first published. The names already given
are: Mark A. Hanna of Cleveland, chair
man; C arles G. Dawes of Evanston, III. ;
W. T. Durbin of Anderson, Ind.; Cyrus
Leland of Troy. Kans. ; Joseph H. Manley
of Augusta, Me.; Henry C. Payne of Mil
waukee, Wis. These have given their
assent and will serve. The other three are
likely to be Matthew S. Quay of Beaver,
Pa.; Powell Clayton of Arkansas, and
John A. Thurston of Nebraska. The sec
retary of the committee will certainly be
William Osborne of Roxbory, Mass., un
less bis New England opponents bring
arguments more than usually cogent to
bear against his becoming Mark Hanna's
right-hand man.
An Antl-A. P. A,. Pl«n.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— lt developed
to-night that tbe principal reason for the
reassembling of the committee on resolu
tions to-morrow morning is to hear ex-
Senator Walsh of Georgia and J. J. Dwyer
of California on the question of inserting
an anti-A. P. A. plank in the platform.
Ex-Governor Runsell of Massachusetts will,
it is said, give his support to such a propo
sition.
c, 1U.4 L j.j.i 3(e K l* try.
CANTON, Ohio, July B.— Major Mc-
Kinley shook hands with and talked to a
great many callers to-day. They were not
men of wide reputation &s a rule, but were
for the most part intelligent, alert, active
commercial travelers. Preparations are
being made for the visit of a large number
of ladies on the 15th of July. Among the
callers to-day was Captain Charles Roberts
of the United States army. Captain
Roberts served on Crook's staff with Major
McKinley.
■/ A (1,(1/ /or -*<«**.•
WASHINGTON, D. C, July 8.-General
Duffield, superintendent of the Coast and
Geodetic Survey, with Hugh Rodman,
chief of the Division of Hydrographia of
the Navy Department, have made arrange
ments to sail next Tuesday from Seattle
to Alaska to inspect the work of deter
mining longitudes which is now in progress
in tbat section.
£>&•<» Iff *T BhHHUtml »N r.>., D «« j?vh>{4.
LONDON, Esro., July B.— The steam«r
Thomas Turnbull, from Philadelphia for
Londonderry, is aground in Lough Foyle.BLAND IS
GAINING.
Congressman Maguire's
Views of the Chicago
Situation.
GOLD MEN COMBINE TO
DEFEAT HIM.
The Anti- Funding Bill Plank
Passed by the Platform
Committee.
WEADOCK'S STUBBORN FIGHT
AGAINST IT.
The Silver M e n Have a Handsome
Mcjori.y and Are Confident
of Winning.
The Call's Headqtjabtebs. )
Great Northern Hotel. >
Chicago, 111., July 8.)
Among the leading candidates for Presi
dent Bland is the only one who appears to
be gainine ground. Illinois pledged her
4^ votes to him on Monday. Tennessee
pledged him her 24 votes yesterday and
the Georgia and Virginia delegations de
clared for him to-day.
There are predictions that the gold men
will select one of the other silver candi
dates and nominate him over Bland by
casting their solid vote whenever the op
portunity may offer. Just now their
motto seems to be "anything to beat
Bland," and they are not concerned about
the "hoodoo" which their support would
cast upon the candiiate so nominated. In
deed, while they profess the tenderest so
licitude for the welfare of the party, they
seem to think that its welfare would be
be«t promoted b/ its defeat in the coming
campaign.
The gold men held a conference in Chi
cago last cv ninp; and decided to devote
their energies and mean? to the organiza
tion of gold monometallic Democratic
clubs throughout the Union during the
next four years to teach the people the
beauties of English monometallism. One
of the distinguished leaders of this educa
tional movement is Colonel John P. Irish,
Naval Officer at the port of San Francisco.
It was expected that the convention
would to-day adopt its platform, but the
exciting struggle over the Michigan con
test lasted until nearly 10 p. m., and, after
effecting permanent organization, tne con
vention adjourned for the day. The plat
form will be reported immediately after
the assembling of the convention to-mor
row and will probably be adopted as re
ported.
Tne sub-committee on platform inserted
the rnti-fundinsr bill plank, and as it was
this morning adopted by the full commit
tee it is now a part of the platform to be
reported to the convention to-morrow and
will undoubtedly be adopted by that body.
This we regard as a great victory and feel
well rewarded for all the effort that it has
coat.
Senator White, having been selected for
permanent chairman, requested that I be
selected to take his place on the commit
tee on platform, which the delegation
promptly did.
We expected a stubborn fight against
that part of the platform, as Mr. Weatlock
of Michigan, who was one of the strongest
supporters of the Reilly bill in the Fifty
third Congress, is the administration rep
resentative from the State of Michigan in
the committee. The plank approving the
action of the Fifty-third Congress w«*s a
direct condemnation of his course in sup
portine the bill.
At first he seemed determined to oppose
the adoption of the plank, but finally
came to me and asked if I was going to
insist upon it. I told him I certainly
•would insist upon it more strenuously
than upon any other plank in the plat
form. When the plank was about to be
read, however, he left the room and did
not return during its consideration. I
think the reason for his desertion of his
once favorite measure was that he re
ceived no encouragement from the other
members of the committee, who had been
thoroughly canvassed and advised about
the matter. Allen W. Thurman of Ohio
was one of our champions and Senator
Tillman, he of the pitchfork-tongue, was
also a member of the committee and eager
to lash any friend of the monopoly who
might raise his voice there. Congressman
Robertson of Louisiana was a member of
the sub-committee and rendered us great
service. James G. Maguirk.
LEANDERS WIN AGAIN.
New College Beaten in the Fifth
Heat for the Grand Chal
lenge Cup.
A Splendid Race, the Losers Being
On y Half a Length
Behind.
HENLEY- ON - THE -THAMES, Exg.,
July B.— The principal events of the pro
gramme of the Royal Henley regatta to
day were the second trial beats of the
eight-oared c ntest for the grand chal
lenge cup and the single scull contest for
diamond sculia to determine which crews
and individual oarsmen shall row iv the
final heat in each race to-morrow.
The fourth heat in the race for the Grand
Challenge cup having been a bye for the
Thomas Rowing Club, the fifth neat of
that race was tLe first of tliat series to con
tested to-aay, between the Leander Row
ing Cub and the crew of New College,
Oxford, the two crack teams in the list of
entries for the Grand Challenge cup.
In spite of the magnificent showing
made by the Leanders against the Vales
yesterday, the New College m^n were the
favorites Tlie New College men started
first at a stroke ot 22 to 43. Leander rowed
at a stroke ranging from 21 to 42.
The New College boat had a clear lead
in a minute, having kept in front irom the
stroke. Then was space between the
boats at the Rectory, and New College was
a length and a quarter ahead at the half
mile, a lead which was maintained until
t£e boats reached Fawley Court. The
first half of the course was rowed over by
New College in 3:20.
Passing Fawley Court Leander began to
spirt and drew up level with the Oxford
men at the mile post. Then the nose of j
1 he Leanders' boat showed in front, and at
the Isthmian waa tnree-quartersof a length
ahead. Passing the Isthmian the New
College crew made a grand spurt, but the
Bucks side favored the Leander boat, and
in the desperate (rial of speed and endur
ance for the finish the finer form of the
Leander men was clearly apparent, the
latter boat crossing the finish line half a
length ahead in 7:06.
Both crews were pretty well pumped.
The New College men were the worst
winded, however, and it was some minutes
before they recovered.
The race was a splendid one and both
crews were cheered, the Leanders of course
receiving the larger share of applause.
The sixth heat of tne race for the dia
mond sculls between R. K. Beaumont of
the Burton-on-Trent Rowing Club and
Dr. W. S. McDowell of the Delaware
Boat Club of Chicago, who beat the Hon.
E. A. Guinness of Eton College so easily
yesterday, was regarded as of especial im
portance in view of the fact that if the
doctor should vanquish Beamont as easily
as he did Guinness he would stand
a good chance of capturing the
diamond trophy from the Hon. Rupert
Guinness, the holder of the diamond
sculls and the only other survivor of the
trial heats. The result snowed that there
vras little ground for apprehension that
the trophy would be won by an American,
for McDowell was beaten witn as great if
not greater ease than he beat Guinness
yesterday.
In the Grand Challenge cup heat be
tween the Thames Rowing Club and the
first Trinity Hall eight Trinity got away
first, rowing a stroke of from 21 up to 41,
Thames' stroke running from 21 to 40.
Trinity was a canvas ahead at the top of
Temple Island and at the half mile had
increased the lead to half a length.
Thames then began to draw up, and
passing Trinity was leading by half a
length" at the Fawley Court boathouse.
from this point the Thames boat went
away clear of Trinity and held her lead to
the finish, winning by a bare length in
7:29.
In the heat for the diamond sculls be
tween Vivian Nickails and the Hon. Ru
pert Guinness, the latter crossed tl.e finish
line four lengths ahead in 9:19.
The sixth beat for the ladies' plate was
won by the Eton Collece crew, who beat
the Radley College boat easily.
The fourth heat of the Wyfold challenge
cup was won by the crew of Trinity Col
lege, Oxford, who beat the Caius College
crew easily.
The second heat for the stewards' chal
lenge cup was won by the Thames Rowing
Club, which beat Magdalen College, Ox
ford, by a length and a half.
The first heat of the pair-oared, raced for
the Nickails challenge cud (silver goblet),
was a row over for E. W. Ecrum and C. M.
Pittman of New College.
The fifth heat for the Thames challenge
cup was won by Emanuel College, Cam
bridge, which beat the Kensington Row
ing Club easily.
In the fourth heat for the Wyfold cup,
the London Rowing Club beat the Long
ston Rowing Club a length and a half.
The fourth heat, for the Thames chal
lenge cup. was won by the Societe d'En
courageinent crew of Paris, which beat the I
crew of Trinity College, Dublin, by half a ',
length.
HORNEN THAT WON.
Results of the Racing on Different Mast
er n Tracks.
SHEEPSHEAD BAY, N. V., July B.—
Summaries:
Five furlongs, Suisun and Burlesque ran a
dead heat. Distinction third. Time, 1:02 2-5.
Mile, Farthini? won, Trilette second, The
Druid third. Time, 1 ;44 4-5.
Six furlongs, Lambent won, The Swain sec
ond, Ed Kearney third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Mile, Intermission won, Cassette second,
Religion third. Time, 1:43 2-5.
Five furlongs, Flying Squadron won, Lady
Mitchell second, Prisoner third. Time,
1:03 1-5.
One and a quarter miles, Gold Crest won,
Dojrgett second, Long Beach third. Time, 2:11.
LATONIA, Kt., July B.— Summaries:
Six furlongs, Wniteside won, Major Tom sec
ond, Clara Foley third. Time, 1 :\~\.
Five furlongs, India won. Will Wallace sec
ond, Hamza third. 1:02%.
One mile and seventy yards, Nimrod won,
Aimee second, Jess Clark ihird. Time, 1 :47.
One mile, Hermes won, Egbert second, By
roil McClelland third. Time, 1:43&
Four and a half furlongs, Turtle Dove won,
Carrie F second, Talu;a third. Time, :55^.
Six furlongs, Clissie B won. Cecil second,
Remnant II third. Time. l:16 l 4.
SAN LUIS OBISPO FIRE.
A Great Conflagration Sweeps
Through the Business
Section.
Property Valued at Upward of $80,000
Destroyed— The Entire Town
in Danger.
SAN LUIS OBIBPO. Cal., July 9— '2 a. m.
Fire is raging in the business section of
the town. Cohen & Peyran's paintstore,
the old Central Hotel, the Hutcbinson
block and the Bell photograph gallery
have been destroyed and the Henderson
block is burning. If the flames are not
checked at this building all of the struc
tures covering an entire block of land will
be destroyed, as they are all of wood.
The loss already exceed-! $80,000, and if
the buildings now threatened are not
saved, it will be over $250,000. The entire
town is in danger of destrnction.
The conflagration started shortly after
11 o'clock in the rear of Cohen <fe Peyran's
paintstore, on Main street. It gained con
siderable headway before streams of water
could be turned on, owing to the inade
quate water supply.
This was a large two-story building. It
was soon in ashes, and the flames spread
to the old Central Hotel, another large
building. The inmates had but little time
in which to save their valuables, and at
midnight the walls of the hotel had fallen.
The Hutchinson block adjoining, occu
pied by Ping Brothers as a liquor-store,
soon followed the hotel as food for the
flames. The Bell photograph gallery, a
one-story structure, was destrayed.
The flames are now raging in tne Hen
derson block, and there is little likelihood
that it will be saved.
A hole has been burned through the
side of the Brooks block, a brick structure
occupied as a dry-goods store. The stock
is partially consumed.
The firemen are battling bravely to stay
the conflagration, but the intense heat
drives them back.
ROBERT R. TODD KILLED.
The. Capitalist Accidentally Shoot* Hitn
" \mrlf With a Revolver." ■
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. July 8 —Robert
M. Todd, a real estate dealer and capital
ist, accidentally shot • himself with a 44
--caliber revolver this afternoon, dying
almost instantly.
.. Mr. Todd, in company with his partner,
Mr. .' Leatherdale, drove Cahuenga
Valley to look after some "\ land. Mr.
Leatherdale carried a shotgun while Mr.
Todd had his revolver. In the valley Mr.
Tod<l shot several . times at squirrels and
tlien asked the other for the loan of a
knife as the revolver had gotten out of
ord^r. ■""■. --' ■■\ i '-- - r .y . ..*. •.;• ■-.* ."_.-"■." 3 \;n
Mr. Leatherdale handed him a knife,
and while Mr. Todd; was working on the
weapon ,he I walked '. away. Leatberdale
\ heard : a shot, and, turning, saw Todd
writhing on the 'ground, 2 a bullet from the
weapon havinir entered below the riebt
nipple. : Mr. g : Todd died soon after .. Mr.
Leatherdale reached f him.'* He is survived
;by a widow and daughter. >; ; f) ._ ;/
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
WORKING
FOR WHITE.
Californians Want Him
Nominated for the
Presidency.
THE SENATOR IS VERY
POPULAR.
The New York Delegates Will
Vote for Him if His Name
Is Presented.
OTHER CANDIDATES FROM THE
FAR WEST.
Devices of the Cbicagoans to Capture
the Dollars of the Crowds
of Visitors.
" The Gall's" Headqttabi^is, )
Great Northern Hotlel, >
Chicago, 111., July 8.)
The California Democratic delegation
has got in good shape to do some excellent
work for Senator Stephen M. White, in
case the presidential nominee is to be a
dark horse.
Mr. White is on very friendly terms with
Senator Hill and the entire New York del
egation- Moreover, he has not antagon
ized in any way the other delegations. He
is so popular that after he had been called
out and notified that he had been made
chairman of the National Convention, he
was on his return apprised that he had
been made chairman of the committee on
resolutions. He was obliged to decline
the latter honor while accepting the
former. He has been assured also that
the New York delegation stands ready to
give him its entire vote if it is sure that it
would not beat him. There are many Cal
ifornians to-night who believe he will
eventually be nominated for President.
Mr. White to-day presided for a time
over the big conventio n and made an ex
cellent impression. The split of the Cali
fornia delegation on its vote on the Michi
gan contested delegations will do Mr.
White no injury, but will, if anything, aid
him in his ambition to get the Presidential
nomination.
The friends of W. J. Bryan, the boy
orator of the "Platte," had been hoping
that the lightning would strike in his
vicinity. Bryan is very diplomatic. He
is so popular at home that when his dele
gation was seated the other Nebraska dele
gation, which was for gold and which bad
been sent here through the political work
of J. Sterling Morton, made no objection,
but accepted the situation and quietly de
parted. It does not seem possible, how
ever, that Bryan is well enough known to
figure in a large way as a Presidential
possibility. As a Western man White is
apparently stronger than Bryan, and he
may be stronger than either Bland or
Boies.
Senator White occupied the chair of the
convention during the whoie of the fore
noon at the requestor Senator Daniel, who
was very tired. He showed great skill and
ability ac a presiding officer and has in a
quiet way made a lot of friends.
A striking feature of the city ani of
the convention are the gold and sil
ver hats that are exhibited. They
are of the stovepipe variety and are
glossed to represent the favored met
al of the wearer. Many of the silver
hats are worn, but the gold hats are as yet
in the stores and store windows, none
of the gold men having donned them. The
Brice men are sporting imitation silver
dollars from the gilt ribbons on their
breasts, while the Bland followers of silver
— there is an army liere, mainly from Mis
souri — wear big white caps on which is
the word "Bland" in silver letters an inch
and a half long. There are many sorts of
badges, and banners innumerable, all
built to secure attention and further the
different booms.
Chicago is as busy as usual chasing the
nimble dollar. Restaurant prices have in
a great many cases been raised, old signs
having been removed, thus giving the pro
prietors a chance to size up their custom
ers and charge all the tariff will bear.
Consumers of beer have been stocked
to find the price raised from the
humble nickel a glass to 15 cents a glass or
a quarter for two. Any kind of a room
commands the biggest kind of money.
The city is so thronged with visitors that
many have been forced into the garrets
of the disreputable lodging-houses. Rob
beries are frequent there, and the daily pa
pers are full of the accounts of them each
morning. The agile footpad and the pick
pocket are also both well in evidence.
There was never a better 'place probably
for holding a National Convention than
the monster Coliseum at Jackson Park.
It is capable of holding 20,000 people and
is comfortable, well arranged and has an
abundance of light and air. The acoustic
features are admirable.
In the Palmer, Sherman, Great North
ern, Auditorium and other hotels to-night,
as for many nigh Is previous, great throngs
are gathered. Knots of men vociferously
debate the respective merits of gold and
silver. The speeches are red hot and acri
monious.
There was the biggest crowd in the Col
iseum to-day that has ever gathered
there. The building was almost com
pletely filled, big as it is.
I do not believe that Hill, Whitney and
Flower, Mailed diplomats and tacticians
as they are, will be able to swerve the sil
ver advocates from the lines they have
mapped out. C. M. Cok.
.'r«f,rf» l>rp<uf JVOH* Avnt>rfV.
MONTEREY, Cal., July 8.-It would
be hard to realize to-night that this old
town has recently been the scene of a most
interesting and exciting celebration.
Where there were a thousand neopie on
the streets last night there is only one to
night.
Quiet reigns where all was noise and
hilarity and Monterey has gone to sleep
again. Now that statistics are to be had
it is shown that at least 25,000 people at
tended the celebration. Tnis vast crowd
was handled so skillfully that at no time
was there confusion in their coming and
going.
♦-
l#>ttt,TvUt>tlt» TaeanUt QurU»i».
VAOAVILLE, Cal., July 8. -Two en
thusiastic bicyclists, I. W. Word andj.
W. Woodford. departed at 4:30 o'clock to
day for a trip across the continent on the
''silent steed." Tneir destination is El
kins, W. Va,
NEW TO-D AT— CLOTHING-
Men's
Suits!
Those beautiful Rough Twill
Cheviots, in blue, black and
fancy mixtures, in double
and single breasted styles ;
$10 values.
CLEAN 'EM OUT V
TO-DAY AT
—$4.45--
LET GO!
That's the
Custom
of the
Big Store.
\JjnJ
It takes more space than we
have at our disposal to attempt
to describe the values on sale at
$10.95. Picture to yourself the
handsomest and choicest of suit-
ings; Cheviots galore, Worsteds
galore, Cassimeres galore, the
cream of our stock, tailored to
perfection, our $22 and $20
values. ■
In the Clean Up
With Us
To-day at
-$10.95-
Some
800 Dozen
Men's
Laundered
White Shirts,
Long and short bosoms, made
from the celebrated Lang don
Mills muslin. One dollar
was the price; all sizes.
DURING THIS
GREAT SALE AT
—60c—
NECKWEAR,
Our 50c, our 35c Neckwear.
Some 500 dozen, handsome
colorings.
THEY'RE LAST TO GO
IN THIS GREAT
CLEAN UP SALE AT
—15C—
DEMOCRACY DIES
VERY HARD,
I Continued from Mrtt Paoe.]
shouted the name of the New York
leader.
8o great became the volume of sound
and so widespread the confusion that
Grant, Hinckley and the man who was
the object it of all— David B. Hill— who had
sat quietly and calmly in his chair while
the tumult raged, finally appealed by voice
and gesture for quiet and order. But they
might as well have argued or attempted to
subdue so many Comanche Indians, and
though things became quieter for an in
stant when Chairman Daniel endeavored
to make a statement, the multitude seemed
even to gain greater vehemence by their
brief pause, and yelled and waved with
such heartiness that the demonstration
went beyond its former bounds.
Governor Altgeld rose to speak, but he
was shouted down, and Hisses commingled
wit.i the shouting. Grant and the New
York leadnrs renewed tbeir efforts to stay
the tumult, and finally order wa« restored.
The second demonstration was a repeti
tion or the first, and was intended as the
counter charge of the siiver men. They
found their cue in the announcement of
the vote, which showed that the minority
or gold report of the credentials commit
tee had been rejected, and again pande
monium reigned. A Bland banner and a
Bland band kept tiie enthusiasm from
flagging, ana coats were taken off and
waved wildly, newspapers and hats were
thrown in the air, and a scene of the wild
est confusion followed the playing of
"Dixie."
Beyond these scenes there was little of
One Month
Earlier
Than Usual!
XXX Usually the Big Kearny -
X X X Street Store starts its
X X X Clearance Sales in August.
V y V This year it takes place on
O O O the 9th of July ; not a puny
X X X little affair, but
111 A Great
||| Clean Up Sale
XXX W 6 are i°^ n i to unload
V 9 V everything on our eight
V X X floors. Nothing reserved,
XXX OIJU t everything must ske-
X X X daddle out of the house to
jf X X the quick music of the
X X X smallest prices ever quoted
XXX by the big store.
XXX "A dollar spent outside
XXX our establishment during
XXX this great sale is like throw-
XXX ing money away"
1 — -I We Have
-Sfelr TJPj|p Gone
h^ t^Qv Through
AyWlii\ A^e^Jr^S^TX Our big stock of
/\ \ VWVJk \\V / \ \7 / / \ Men's Suits and
I Wy)\li\/ l/ \ selected some
/ I \vfi viy / f V 1500 Suits, all
I /r-^U \\ 1 1 \-l / J I \ pretty colorings
/ An Hi Av-^L I "\i \ - Tweeds Chev-
I I y^^J '! 11 \\ I jffihu ) i°ts and Fine
' V */ I 22W (kj^ I \ I I Scotches— excel-
X\ L A^U^^^^""^ 1 V\y / lentl y tailored
\ \£3 /j} -ift-. —-7 I f\W I arTnents '
\ \ J/ i If r—^ I fifteen
W^K^y IV v W dollars
Wjhf' ( ' ' J \ IS MORE
"\ I h \ \ LIKE THE
j \ )ft l^Xil L>Jli.
:.• mm%]s L^_^^ \ Inthe
1/1 " \\\ ' Clean Up
I/I 1 If To-day
$* ■ - v /-^ $7.45.
«t"3 k» fl «Hi a B
Ww |L # 1 B 'JL Vr I
Men's Hose.
Hundreds of dozens of Men's
Fine Merino Hose, seamless ;
25c values ;
IN THE CLEAN
UP TO-DAY AT
-10c-
RAPHAEL'S
Is * M^~ 18l ■ * ■ |2 E"i M ■ ■• Sfl - : *■*-■ ■ " w? El . - . i j^ • jp ■
aNOORPOR ATBD).
9 , ■ ii, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
ALWAYS POPULAR WITH THE MASSES.
interest that occurred in the convention
hall. The morning session passed in a
weary wait for the committee on creden
tials to report and an adjournment was
taken until 5 o'clock.
At the evening session nothing was ac
complished except the adoption of the re
port of the committee, seating delegates
from Nebraska and Michigan and giving
the siiver men greater control. At 9:38 it
was decided not to attempt the adoption
of the platform to-night and an adjourn
ment was taken until to-morrow at 10
o'clock.
The resolutions committee has been
called to meet again to-morrow morning,
when furtber changes in the platform are
expected to be mads.
SILVER'S VOICE HEARD.
Gaps In the Convention Filled Out
by the Speeches of White-
Metal Champions.
CONVENTION HALL, CHICAGO, Ilu,
July B.— There was no repetition this
morning of the offensive scenes of yester
day so far as admission to the convention
hall was concerned. By order of the tem
porary clairman, Senator Daniel of Vir
ginia, just before adjournment last even
ing, the doors were opened at 9a. m. and
all persons having the right of entry —
delegates, alternates and holders of
tickets— were admitted as soon as they
presented themselves. In that way the
sergeant-at-arms escaped the curses which
fell thick upon him yesterday from the
thousands who were victims of his stupid
order to keep the doors closed till the last
moment The rows of. spectators' scats
were soon filled without pushing, con
fusion or display of ill - temper, and
delegates and alternates had no difficulty
in reaching their several sections. The
weather, which had been rather chilly for
some days past, was sunny and bright
this morning and there was a delightful
freshness in the air.
Men's
Colored Bordered
Fine Linen
Handkerchiefs,
25c values; borders entirely
neiv.
CLEAN 'EM OUT AT
-10c-
The business of the convention was to
have begun at 10 a. m., but punctuality is
not the cardinal virtue of such assemblies,
and for an hour after that time the thou
sands of spectators were entertained more
pleasantly with musical selection;, inter
spersed with choruses, performed by an
excellent band stationed in the gallery
back of the platform.
There were but few demonstrations in
recognition of public favorites as they en
tered the hall. One of them was started—
with not much spirit or enthusiasm — for
Bryan of Nebraska, "the boy orator of the
Platte," who. with his fellow-silver dele
gates from that State, had gained a point
by the report of the committee on creden
tials admitting them and excluding their
gold contestants.
At a few minutes before 11 the tempo
rary chairman called the convention to
order and announced that its proceedings
would be opened with prayer by the Rev.
Thomas Edward Green, rector of Grace
Episcopal Church, Cedar Rapids, la. At
this time the section of the New York
delegates was still unoccupied.
The prayer called for a special "blessing
on this convention, gathered from a.ll over
our fair land," and asked that the minds of
the delegates should be "dominated for
good, for humanity and for God," and that
what they did might "tell in the years to
come for the advancement and lifting up
of our human kind."
Senator White, permanent chairman
elect, relieved Senator Dan el of the gavel
and presided over the informal procedins;s
of the convention which followed, Mr.
Daniel being in poor voice after his exer
tions of yesterday.
The chairman announced that the first
business in order was the report of com
mittees, as no business could be done ex
cept by unanimous consent until the com
mittees reported. He called the first com
mittee in order, the committee on creden
tials, and there was no response, and after
an interval of about ten minutes it was an- j
Hundreds of
Short Trouser
Boys' Suits,
Made in double - breasted
style, ages 4 to 15 years,
IN THIS GREAT
CLEAN UP SALE AT
—$1.35—
The Very
Swellest of
Reefer Suits,
Deep sailor collars, hand-
somely braided, in Blue
Serge Cheviots, all colorings.
Regular $6 and $5 values.
IN THE CLEAN UP
TO-DAY AT
-$2.85-
-ff§ English
yr^vCordnroys.
/J fr-4 Some 500
\Z? *— ' ENGLISH
V ■ I DOUBLE-
h »_ •r- / BREASTED
. r »-/ CORDUROY
VJ-^- — ' SUITS,
\1 \ / $5 values, ages
' 1 ' A \ I Bto 15 years.
m OUT THEY
If m must go
if 1 AT
J % $2.40.
Boys' Long
Pants Suits,
Ages 12 to 19 years. Well
worth $7.
CLEAN 'EM OUT #
TO-DAY AT
--$3 65-'» ■
,"■■■•• ■ .■■'■■■■
Washable
T T UwllUvlV
Sailor Suits,
In neat Striped Galatea.
IN THE CLEAN UP
SALE TO-DAY AT
~35c~
Men's
Underwear,
Some 300 Blue Mixed Me-
rino Shirts and Drawers, full
shrunk, 75c values.
IN THIS GREAT
CLEAN UP SALE AT
_40c-
nou need that the committee on credentials
was about to reassemble after their long
night's session.
At 11:12 ex-Senator Martin of Kansas
was recognized and moved an informal
recess of five minutes to permit G/overnor
Hogg of Texas to address the convention.
Governor Hogg began by sajring thia
should be a proud occasion for every Amer
ican citizen. He advocated the/cultivation
of a spirit of friendliness in order to win
the victory next November. Every Demo
crat in the United States should lay aside
his prejudices ana march with his rival
brother against the common enemy, the
Republican party [cheers], which was
pleading in glittering generalities ana
promising better behavior if the people
would only try them again. Their fight
should not now be waged with each other,
but with the common foe. If Democrats
only united they could carry consterna
tion, disaster and defeat into the Republi
can ranks. [Cheers.]
He assailed the Republican doctrine of
protection and bounties, and said the Re
publican party proposed to destroy labor
organizations, and had organized syndi
cates and trusts for that purpose. It
proposed, through the use of the Federal
courts, backed by Federal bayonets, to
strike down and overawe those labor or
ganizations. In condemning the Republi
can party for its declaration in regard to
gold and silver. Governor Hogg ex
claimed in tones of indignation:
"Are you Americans or are you truck
ling sycophants, winning smiles from for
eign crowns?"
Governor Hogg's ''five minutes" were
stretched into half an hour, but still there
were no tidings of the committee on cre
dentials, and, amid vociferous cries for
"Hill,'' who was not present, the chairman
recognized Senator-elect Money of Mis
sissippi, who moved that Senator Black
burn of Kentucky be invited to the stand.
Mr. Blackburn, the first pronounced caa
34
didate to be heard, was received with
tumultuous applause. Senator Blackburn
said:
"Democrats- of America have gathered
here to do an important work. They are
charged with a great duty. The vast ma
jority of the American people are suffer
ing and look to this convention to correct
their grievances and to right their wrongs.
You have opened this campaign in splen
did style, State by State. You have swept
over the skirmish line; you have come
here instructed by an overwhelming ma
jority of your party and your pebple.
There can be no doubt as to where your
duty lies. You are here to meet the rea
sonable expectations of your people. They
don't need to be told, because they know,
that they are to-day the victims of vicious
and unjust legislation. They know and
they have instructed you to declare that
they will no longer submit tamely to the
class legislation under which they have
groaned for twenty years. Thoy have not
gent you here to quarrel among your
selves. Lot us take no action that 'a not
tempered with the fullest measure of fair
ness. Let us declare to the world that
which we approve and that which we dis
approve.
"Let us promulgate a platform which
neither human nor devilish ingenuity can
subject to more than one construction ; let
us declare that we are here to promulgate
a platform that shall be in line and con
sonance with the oft-repeated declaration
of our party, and that shall not obscure or
deflect public attention from the one main
issue upon which this contest turns. Let
u« declare what we approve and what we
disapprove. Let us declare that we want
to unlock the doors of the American mint,
and that we mean to put silver back where
it was before. [Cheers.] That we mean
the unrestricted, the unlimited free coin
age of both pold and silver on even terms,
without discrimination and without the
slightest regard to the action of any other
power on this earth. [Cheers.] Let us
declare further that the Democratic party
does not approve the issue of 'coin bonds'
in a time of profound peace. Let us de
clare that we don't approve of giving the
right of option to the men who hold the
obligations, but the men who owe them;
let us declare that we don't approve but
condemn the proposition of retiring the
non-interest-bearing legal tenders, green
backs and treasury notes.
"Let us declare further that we are not in
favor of perpetuating either a national
debt or a national banking system. You
cannot persuade the American people to
believe that the depressed condition of
their industries is not the result of vicious
legislation. You cannot make them be
lieve that the fires have gone out in their
furnaces, that the spindles have ceased to
hum in their factories, that the farmer is
no longer able to get the cost of produc
tion for his productc, and that a million
unemployed laborers are to-daj* tramping
the highways of the country, while the
laws under which they live are equitable
and fair. They know better. It seems to
me, my countrymen, that the correction
of thes6 evils is the duty which devolves
upon this great Democratic nation. The
eyes of the country, the eyes of tue world
rest fixed and centered on this hall of as
sembled Democrats. [Cheers.]
"If prosperity is to be brought back to
take the place of poverty, if happiness is
to be given once more to the American
people; if free institutions are to be safe
picketed and anchored in the hearts of our
people, it will only be when the banner
under which you gather here floats out
once more in proud triumph from the
dome of our country's capitol. [Cheers.]
It is in your hands to give this boon to
the American people. Be temperate; be
conservative, but be manly and brave. Do
not fail to gather the fruit 3of the splendid
victory which you have already inaugu
rated. You have carried the outer
trenches, but the inner citadel is to be con
tended for in November. Let us do noth
ing except with an honest effort to sus
tain the sentiment of the people behind
us. I appeal to every Democrat, whether
he be with the majority or with the
minority, wbetner he be for a single
standard or for a double standard, to re
member, in God's name, that he is a Dem
ocrat still. [Applause.] I pin my faith
to the principles and loyalty of my party.
""Remember, my countrymen, that for
twenty years we have waged the fight, un
awed by power, stubbornly contesting
every inch of ground, and now we are on
the eve of the fruition of our hopes. We
read without doubt or uncertainty the
restoration of the Democratic party to
power. By all the sacred traditions that
gather about our party, by all the hopes
that nerve us for the future, appealing to
your loyalty, appealing to your patriot
ism, appealing to your courage and to
your love of country, I beg of you, fellow-
Democrats, to make a platlorm that shall
tell the truth and rally as one man to vin
dicate its fairness." [Applause.]
As Mr. Blackburn sat down more cries
were raised for Hill, without response.
A motion to adjourn for half &n hour
was voted down and the band was started
up to drown the confusion which pre
vailed.
Mr. Henry of Mississippi moved that
the Hon. W. J. Bryan of Nebraska be in
vited to the stand. This was received with
every demonstration of approval, but the
cbair announced that Mr. Bryan was not
in the hall.
Governor Altgeld of Illinois wu then
called for, and rising in the body of the
hall the Governor indicated a desire to
give away to Senator Hill. The chair
stated that Senator Hill was engaged with
the committee on resolutions and was not
in the hall.
Governor David Overmeyer of Kansas
took the stand and declared that the seat
ot empire was transferred from the Atlan
tic States to the Mississippi Valley. The
day of the common people had dawned
and the "dollar of our daddies" would be
restored. This sentiment was received
with unbounded enthusiasm.
The band once more filled up the inter
lude to kill time.
Governor Altgeld was again called into
requisition as a stop gap. His swarthy
visage, as it appeared alongside the chair
man, was greeted with cheers, to which he
responded by saying he did not come here
to make a speech, but to assist in nomi
nating a President and preparing a plat
form which should bring hope to the
people. He was listened to with attention
as be proceeded to discuss the cause of the
existing conditions of distress, which
he summarized as the combined action
of the moneyed interests of the world
to make money dear and property
and labor cheap. The first step in this
plan was to strike down silver. This
doubled the work of gold and doubled its
purchasing power. The consequence was
that prices were oniy half as high as when
we had both metals, and it took all the
farmer could raise to pay his fixed
charges — bis interest and his taxes. The
farmer was prostrated, the merchant and
the railroads did less business and the
laborer was out of employment. Shall we
continue this system, lie asked, or go
back to where we were before? and a loud
chorus of "noes" was the result. Shall we
ko on, he added, paying interest of 200
--cent dollars, or go back and pay in 100
--cent dollars? That was the great question
before the convention. He characterized
the Republican Convention as "Mr- Mark
Hanna's trust." At that convention
Hanna nominated a man with one idea
and that idea wrong. [Laughter.] That
convention adopted a single-gold standard
and the English money-lenders approved
it. Englishmen were always delighted
with anything that tended to get more
blood and more sweat out of the American
people. [Renewed lauchter and cheers.]
The same men were here trying to pull
the same halter upon us.
"Are you going to stand it?" he in
quired, and again the response was a
vigorous "no." Another point loudly
cheered was when he declared: "We will
have no straddling on platform and no
straddling on candidates. Those gentle
men who have to consult the tin roosters
when they get up in the morning in order
to see what their opinions are for the day
have no show in this convention."
The hand of compromise, he said, never
yet ran up the flag of freedom. No com
promise army ever Xought the battle of
liberty.
As he retired from the stand he was
greeted with loud cheers.
George Fred Williams of Massachusetts
was next called upon and was greeted
with a cry of "Three cheers for George
Fred Williams." He combated the as
sertion that the seat ot empira had been
transferred from the Atlantic Coast to the
Mississippi Valley. The seat of empire
was where it ever was in ell the States of
the Union, and the battle now being waged
was for the restoration of the union of the
States. He begged there might be no
other word of sectionalism heard in this
convention. The fight was not to transfer
the seat of empire from the East to the
West, but to transfer the control of the
treasury and of your money and mine
from Lombard street to the centers of in
dustry in the United States. [Loud
cheers.]
At this point (1 p. m.) the chair an
nounced a partial report of the committee
on credentials, recommending that each
of the Territories and the District of Co
lumbia be granted six votes.
After careful comparison of the cre
dentials as returned by the National
Committee, they found .all of them correct
except those from the States of Nebraska
and Michigan. In regard to Nebraska
they were pleased to report that the dele
gates headed by Hon. W. J. Bryan should
be admitted to seats. In regard to Michi
gan, they asked further time.
Mr. Manoney of Nebraska rose in the
body of the hall and gracefully offered to
vacate the seats now occupied by the sit
ting members for the benefit ol their suc
cessful contestants. The motion to adopt
the report was declared carried by a viva
voce vote, a demand for a rollcail, which
was at first made by Governor Russell,
being withdrawn on the statement of the
chairman of the credentials committee
that the report was unanimous.
At 1:10 the gold delegation from Ne- j
braska retired to a march tune by the band
and their silver successors took their
places. The Bryan men as they marched
in headed by silver-tipped spears and a
banner bearing Mr. Bryan's name in silver
letters, were vociferously applauded.
Shortly afterward Senator Daniel (at 1:18)
resumed the chair and Governor Ben Till
rnan of South Carolina was invited to ad
dress the convention. The reply was
made, however, that the Governor was in
attendance on the meeting of the commit- i
tee on credentials.
At 1:37 Mr. Altgeld moved that the con
vention take a recess till 5 o'clock. The
proposition met with loud shouts of dis
approval. Thereupon the chairman (Sen
ator White of California) stated that it
had become manifest that there would be
no report from the committee on creden
tials for some time and that the motion
just made *vas the result of that fact.
Mr. Flnlay of Ohio moved that the re
port of the committee on permanent or
ganization be now read and that the con
vention proceed to its permanent organi
zation, leaving the report of the commit
tee on credentials to be disposed of subse
quently.
The chair ruled that as there was no
permanent roll of the body there could be
no declaration of a permanent organiza
tion. He then put the question on the
motion for a recess and declared it carried.
So the convention took a recess till 5 p. m.
W. J. Bryan of Nebraska, who is con
sidered by many the possible compromise
candidate for the Presidency, was early
upon the floor of the convention in the
afternoon and was cluing missionary work
among the delegates. His face was
wreathed in smiles when he was greeted by
a United Press reporter.
"Nebraska has won a big victory so far,"
said Mr. Bryan. "The financial plans as
drawn up by the committee on resolutions
is identical with the one adopted by the
Nebraska State Convention in 1894 and
which was written by myself."
The Nebraska men used this as an argu
ment during the afternoon with the dele
gates in their endeavor to secure votes for
Mr. Bryan. Mr. Bryan personally circu
lated a petition about the ha!l for signa
tures indorsing the Monroe doctrine.
The convention reassembled at 5:30 p. m.
with a full attendance of delegates and
crowded galleries.
Senator Daniel of Virginia was in the
chair as temporary chairman. The sec
tion assigned to the New York delegates
was, however, an exception to the general
rule, very few of the members of that dele
gation being present. Senator Hill, Gov
ernor Flower and Mr. Whitney were con
spicuously absent. Perry Belmont hov
ered around as though be had no particu
lar liking for his surroundings. There
appeared to be no business ready for pre
sentation and the band tilled up the time to
the general enjoyment and satisfaction.
Senators Harris of Tennessee, Coclcrell
of Missouri, Jones of Arkansas and Till
man of South Carolina, with ex-Senator
Reagan of Texas, moved around uneasily
from section to section. At 5:30 o'clock
an oriier went forth through the sergeant- ,
at-arms that the committee on permanent
organization would meet in its room im
mediately, and the audience amused itself j
for some time with calls for Bryan, but
these calls met with no response.
At 5:40 Senator Hill, followed by many
members of the New York delegation,
came into the hall and was immediately
recognized and greeted with cheers and
shouts of "Hill!" "Hill!" No notice of !
this demonstration was taken by him, but i
be and his companions quietly took their
seats.
Soon afterward Colonel John R. Fellows
came in from another quarter of the hall
and joined his associates. He was not
recognized by the crowd, and consequently
'nvas allowed to take his seat quietly.
In an aisle in close proximity to the New
York section, there was at this time a
group of distinguished politicians in an
apparently earnest and anxious colloquy.
The group consisted ot Senators Harris,
Jones and Tillman and Governor Stone of
Missouri.
At o:50 the committee on credentials
presented its complete report, admitting j
to seats the contesting silver delegates
from the Fourth Congressional District of
Michigan— Messrs. Chamberlain and Hart;
also admitting the contesting delegates
from the Ninth Congressional District of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
Michigan, ; Messrs. Hoyt ; and White, and
recognizing the right to their seats of all
the other delegates from Michigan. " ; .
. Mr. Crosby of Massachusetts explained
that this meeting had lasted nearly all
night and most of the day. - The minority
felt it ' should be known that in their
opinion the report was a great injustice.
Mr. Crosby's voice was very wean and he
spoke with a running accompaniment of
cries of ,V Louder" ana derisive applause,
most of his remarks .being v delivered in
dumb show. He closed by offering an
amendment to retain the fonr unseated
members in their seats.
Brennan of Wisconsin also advocated
the adoption of the minority report and
said they feared the effect of the adoption
of the majority report upon the country.
He entered into details of the facts in
volved in _" the contest and said the' report
in this case, if adopted, would establish
the fact that a majority in the first flush
of success might go into a sovereign Slate
and upset the action of a legal convention.
[Cheers.] He charged the contest origin
ated only three or four weeks ago when
certain facts became apparent as to the
majority lin this convention. He had
since become acquainted with' that ma
jority, and he appealed with confidence to
their sense of justice and fairness. [Loud
cheers.]
Taylor of Arkansas, a member of the
committee on credentials, argued in favor 1
of the majority report and declared him-,
self in favor of the list of delegates from
the State of Michigan as prepared by the
National Committee.
Governor McLaurin of Mississippi, an
other member of the committee on cre
dentials, cave a history of the election of
delegates in Michigan, asserting that there
was a clear majority of Democratic votes
in that State in favor of silver, so that
there was no issue here to throttle the will
or to stifle the purpose of that majority of
Democrats. He spoke of the orders issued
from Washington to Federal office-holders
in Michigan to carry that State at all haz
ards for gold, and he said that it was a
question for the convention to decide
whether the men who represented the ma
jority of the Democrats of that State were
to be driven out of the convention.
Tue audience manifested impatience at
the length of Mr. McLaurin's explanation
and broke in with constant cries for a
speech from Hill, but notice was given
that if these interruptions were persisted
in the galleries would be cleared. The
threat was of little avail, for nardiy had
Governor McLaurin taken up the thread
of bis story again when the shouts for Hill
broke out afresh.
Then the serjeant-at-arms made the sol
emn proclamation: "Ladies and gentle
men : The chair has requested the sergeant
ac-arms to instruct the assistant sergeant
at-arms and the police department to
remove from the galleries any one who
disturbs the meeting, and he will carry out
the order."
McLaurin then brought his remarks to a
close.
Mr. Salusbury of Delaware opposed the
\ majority report. He said he had been
: elected on a 16 to 1 platform and he could
not conceive of the convention doing in
justice by unseating those who were duly
elected as delegates. [Cheers.]
Mr. Stevenson, member of the National
' Committee from Michigan, opposed the
j majority report, beginning his speech
with the statement: "I am the man
who, they say, stole Michigan. Even so.
[Laughter.] Ido not desire to discuss the
j financial question now, but to assert the
| rights of the delegates elected by a sov
-1 ereign' State to sit in a Democratic Na
'■ tional convention. [Cheers.] "
"The convention,'.' he added, "has no ■
j right to sit as a committee on credentials
ion a State convention. It may answer its
purpose now, but it will make a precedent
which will return to damn it some day.
[Cheers.] The only safe Democratic doc-
I trine is to stand by precedents, and to seat
the delegates who hold the only creden
tials that have been issued from those dis
tricts."
Ex-Lieutenant-Governor Sheehan, a
member of the National Committee, made
a statement to prove the impartiality of
! that committee on the various contested
election cases, and argued in opposition to
j the majority report of the committee on
credentials. ...*■■
Mr. Sheehan referred to the fact that a
| poll of the Michigan delegation as it orig-
I inally stood showed 15 for gold and 13 for
' silver, and he disclosed the secrets of the
j committee-room by saying that at first the
| majority of the committee favored unseat
| ing all four of the delegates-at-lar^e ; but
wiser counsel prevailed and the delegates
at-large were retained. But the district
delegates had been unseated, and what
was the purpose? To make the delegation
15 silver to 13 gold, and thus open the way
j to the overthrow of the time-honored doc
trine of the two-thirds rule. •
Mr. Blake of Texas, a member of the
: committee on . credentials, argued in favor
!of the majority report. He said that on
1 principle he was opposed to going behind
. the returns, but in this case the evidence
' was abundant that the State Convention
i had been manipulated in the gold interest
! and the will of the people slighted. In
; his judgment the whole infernal delega
: tion from Michigan ought to be turned
out. [Cheers.] The committee on ere-
I dentials acted justly in reporting in favor
I of admitting ' the contestants from : the
Fourth and Ninth districts. You under
stand the question. Vote for the majority
report and you will do what is right.
[Applause.]
McKnight of Michigan, also . a member
of the committee on credentials, asked the
support, not only of the silver men, but of
the entire convention in support of the
report of the majority. He asserted the
State. of Michigan elected a majority of
200 to their convention in favor of silver
and when tae administration in Washing
ton found this out Mr. Stevenson was sent
to Michigan to upset the will of the peo
i ple..
'•There is not one word of truth in all
■ Chat," said Mr. Richardson from his seat.
As Mr. McKnight proceeded further
! with hid statement of alleged facts Mr.
Weadlock, one of the delegates at large,
seated in the front row and immediately
1 facing the speaker, said in an audible voice:
"That's a lie." No notice was taken of
this interruption.
Mr. McKnight closed by saying that if
■ the majority report was adopted the Demo
j crats would carry Michigan by at least
25,000 majority.
Mr. Brucker of Michigan declared that
he had always been a free silver man, and
that there were enough silver delegates in
the convention : to ' nominate 7 a ■. President
by a . two-thirds majority without \ tie
necessity of committing highway robbery.
[Applause and laughter.] " -
C. S. Thomas of Colorado, a member of
the National Committee, next took the
stand, but the audience was becoming im
patient and raised loud cries of "vote."
He held it would be a mistake to attempt
to elect a Democratic • President : by over
j turning the will of a sovereign State. He
I warned them that they could riot afford to
strike down the State "of Michigan simply
for the purpose of • obtaining a : two-thirds
majority. BmR
" Mr. Powers of Utah, a 'member of the
committee on credential?, argued in sup
port of the majority report of that com
mittee, on the ground that the title of
the sitting delegates from the Fourth and
Ninth districts of Michigan was tainted
with fraud. It was not for the purpose of
having a silver majority in the convention
that he would exclude these men and seat
the coniestants in their places — because
they had a two- thirds majority already —
but because that action would be just and
right.
State Senator Thomas F. Grady of New
York spoke against the majority report.
He referred to the frequent statements in
the newspapers weeks ago that the Michi
gan delegates would be unseated for the
purpose of making the abrogation of the
two-thirds rule unnecessary, but he de
clared that the people of the United States
would not be deceived by. the action of
tbe convention in tnia matter.
At this point one of numerous very ob
tuse policemen stationed in the building
attempted to prevent the entrance of a
delegate, and a small-sized row and some
excitement prevailed, but the chairman
ordered the band to strike up, and the con
vention quieted down.
Resuming his remarks, Senator Grady
said it seemed his unfortunate fate never
to make a speech without raising some
kind of a row.
"My purpose in speaking," he contin
ued, "was to avoid a row. There must be
a row, if not here in some place else, if we
overturn a precedent which is a part of
party discipline itself by adopting this re
port."
The discussion was closed with two more
speeches— one by Mr. Weadock of Michi
gan and the other by Mr. O'Donnel! of
Colorado. Little or no attention, how
ever, was paid to these speeches, as the
crowd in the galleries was quite turbulent
and could not be kept in order. The con
vention itself, as well as the spectators in
the galleries, was in a hurry to come to a
vote, and Mr.O'Donnell assisted that view
by moving the previous question on the
report The previous question was sec
onded. The chairman declared the pre
vious question ordered, and the rollcail of
States was beeun.
When New York's seventy-two votes
were announced aye— in favor of the mi
nority report— a tumultuous wave of cheer
ing broke over the assembly. The first
efforts of the chairman to repress the
manifestation by the use of his gavel were
met by a counter demonstration on the
part of the gold delegates, who, rising and
turning their backs to the chairman and
their faces to tbe immense crowds in the
galleries, waved hats and handkerchiefs
and stood on their chairs and gesticulated.
The galleries, evidently strongly anti
silver in sentiment, were not slow to re
spond, and unearthly sounds from 15,000
throats filled even the vast space of the
great hall. The Tammany yell was plainly
heard in every temporary lull. Then tbe
silver men began to hiss and stamp their
feet, and this made matters infinitely
worse. Senator Daniel's powerful voice,
much worn with service yesterday, called
the next State, "'North Carolina."
''North Carolina declines to vote until
she can be heard," replied the chairman of
the delegation.
State Chairman Hinckley, ex-Mayor
Grant and other prominent New Yorkers
vainly tried to stop the demonstration*
It went on uninterruptedly for fifteen
minutes, and was t arely silenced when
the rollcail was resumed.
When Pennsylvania was reached and
Chairman Harrity, mounting on a chair,
said, "Pennsylvania casts her 64 votes
aye,'* an attempt was made to renew the
demonstration, but it died away in a few
seconds, spectators and delegates being
almost tired out.
The vote was taken on tne minority
amendment, winch retains the sitting
members from the Fourth and Ninth dis
tricts of Michigan in their seats, and re
sulted in the rejection of the minority re
port. Ayes 368, noes 558, absent 3.
"The noes have it," said the chairman,
"and the amendment is lost."
It was now the silver men* turn, and
they yelled and wared hats and handker
chiefs and displayed Bland pictures and
made the night hideous for nearly as long
as the gold men, tbe galleries impartially
assisting.
During the jubilation by tbe silver men
two stout Kentucky delegates danced a
breakdown in the aisle at the rear of the
delegation, several others "patting" time
amid the wildest laughter. The official
detailed vote was as follows:
The chairiran put the question on the
majority report of the committee on cre
dentials and declared it adopted.
The report of the committee on perma
nent organization was then pre-ented by
Mr. Finley of Ohio, naming Senator White
of California as permanent president of
toe convention and Thomas J. Cogan of
Ohio as permanent secretary.
A question was put to Mr. Finley as to
whetder the State of Michigan has a rep
resentative on the national committee, as
reported, and it was answered in the
affirmative.
An amendment to the report was offered
in relation to t c appointment of dele
gates from Nebraska to the several com
mittees (substituting other names), and
the amendment was agreed to.
A motion was made to refer back to the
committee that portion of the report re
lating to committeemen from Michigan,
and it was agreed to.
With these exceptions the report was
adopted.
A committee of three was then appointed
to escort Senator White, the permanent
chairman to the chair, the committee con
sisting of Mr. Finley of Ohio, Mr. McCon
nell of Illinois and Senator Vest of Mis
souri.
Senator Daniel, in retiring from the tem
porary chairmanship, expressed his deep
sense of honor which he had enjoyed, and
introduced Mr. White as "the distingu
ished Senator from California. [Cheers.]
Senator White, on taking the chair,
■poke of tbe convention as an assemblage
of men from every State and Territory in
the Union, and said he was prepared to
extend full, equal, absolute and impartial
treatment to all. Every question before
the convention should be, he said, consid
ered carefully and deliberately, and when
the voice of the convention was crystal
lized into a judgment that judgment should
be b ; ndin>ron all true Democrats. [Cheers.]
"We differ, perhaps," he continued, "'on
vital issues. We meet in friendly con
test, presenting what seems to us proper
and rUht. We submit our views to the
canriid judgment of our brethren, and on
that judgment we will certainly rely. We
find in life numbers of instances of hopes
unrealized. Men of prominence pass
away, some to oblivion, others because
they are summoned to another shore, but
the Democratic party will not die, even
wher. we all have ceased to live. [Cheers.]
"When the differences that challenge
consideration to-ni.ht have passed into
history, the Democratic party — the puar
dian of the people's rights— will endure to
bless man. [Applause.] My ambition
and yours is but for a moment. Whether
I Bucceed, or whether you succeed, in im
pressing my views or your views on the
convention, seems now of supreme impor
tance, but will not seem so in the future.
In this council cnamber the Democratic
party looks for the vindication of its ex
istence. The people look to us here for
the righting of their wrongs and for the
defense of the constitution, the great bul
wark of our liberties.
"We are here to-night its best, its truest
and its most loyal defenders. There is no
sectionalism here — none whatever. Equal
and impartial justice to all this land, the
triumph of the people as exemplified and
expressed in Democracy is the object for
which we have assembled, and to carry
out that object I will consecrate my best
efforts." [Loud applause.]
Mr. Clark of Montana, rising in the
body of the ball, producing a silver gavel
from the mines of Montana, which he
tendered to the presiding officer in the
name of the delegation from that State.
The chairman remarked that in the ab
sence of objection he would feel com
pelled to accept this handsome token
from the Montana delegation. No objec
tion being beard the gavel was passed up
to the chairman.
Senator Jones of Arkansas, chairman of
the committee on resolutions, announced
that the committee on platform and reso
lutions would meet to-morrow at 9:30 a.m..
This was taken by tne heated and excited
audience as an indication of an immediate
adjournment, and for the second time in
the course of the day an incipient panic
partially developed. People in the gal
leries begun to move out with a rush, and
a corresponding movement was started on
the floor. Trouble might have ensued,
but the sergeant-at-arms, raising his big
voice, commanded his lieutenants to
"Stop those men."
When some degree of order had been
thus restored, a motion to adjourn until
10 a. m. to-morrow was declared carried,
and at 9:38 the second day's convention
ended.
THREE FRIENDS LANDS.
Another Expedition of Men and
Ammunition Finds Its Way
to Cuba.
Spanish Warship Sighted and the
Filibuster Loses Three of Her
Lifeboats.
KEY WEST. Fla., Joly B.— There is re
liable information that the Three Friends
landed an expedition Monday night near
Camaguey and about 2 o'clock the same
night sighted the Spanish warship Alfonso
XII. All the men and ammunition hav
ing been landed the Three Friends started
on her way back. In their baste they left
their three surf boats, which were found by
the Spaniards and taken to Havana.
Passengers by the Mascotte to-night re
port that a battle was fought near Guana
bacoa on Sunday. The opinion prevails
that the Spaniards were defeated.
BOSTONIANS AT WINDSOR.
Ancient and Honorable Artillerymen
Received by the Queen.
LONDON, Ekg., July B.— The visiting
members of the Ancient and Honorable
Artillery Company of Boston went to
Windsor this morning. They were in
spected by tbe Queen and entertained at
luncheon in the orangery. They after
ward were conducted through the state
apartments of the castle.
Some of tbe members of the visiting
corps went to Woolwich after their recep
tion and inspection by the Queen to dine
with the artillery officers stationed there,
while others visited the Imperial Insti
tute. The ladies of the party spent their
time at the Earl's Court exhibition.
The United Piess learns that the Queen
expressed a wish to-day that President
Cleveland be informed how pleased she
was to receive the artillery company, and
Embassatior Bayard will send a cable mes
sage voicing her Majesty's sentiments this
evening.
CUBAN'S REAL AIM.
Spanish Statesmen at Last Discover That
; It Is Independence. \ '" '
MADRID, Spain, July B.— ln the Cham- i
ber of Deputies ; to-day, Prime Minister !
Canovas, -replying to a criticism of the j
Government's policy made by Senor Sil
vela, leader of the Conservatives, declared
that the real aim of the Cuban revolution
was the independence of the island, and '
not autonomy. Cuba did not possess the ;
elements necessary to maintain her inde
pendence, and if separated from Spain
would fall a prey to another nation. :" ■> -.
Th- Chamber rejected the Carlist :
amendment, to the address in reply to I
the speech from the throne, urging that !
Spain join the Franco-Russian alliance in '
con formity to : the exigencies of the Gov
ernment's ' colonial interests and with a
view to resisting the perndy of the United ■
States Government.
JOHNSON'S REBOUND.
Tic© Prominent Cuba Selected by the
.' A m+rie* n " General. .
HAVANA, Cuba, July B.— The lieu
tenant-colonel of the Havana volunteers
and another officer of the same body to-day
called upon General Bradley T. Johnson,
who, it was reported, was to ftuht a duel :
with Manuel Ampodia on behalf of the
Spanish army.
Gt-neral Johnson has appointed Senor
Sanchez, a planter, and Manuel Coronad->,
editor of Discusion, to represent him. Mr.
Bryson, correspondent of the New York
Herald, and another person acted as wit
nesses. No definite result was reached
and the conference was postponed until to
morrovr.
CAMP LIFE AT
AGUA CALIENTE.
League of the Cross Cadets
Broiling in a Torrid
Atmosphere.
PICKET LONG IN LUCK.
His Trial by Court Martial Is
Put Off to Accommodate
the Judges.
PREPARING FOR FAIR GUESTS.
Members of the Young Ladies' Tnsti
stitute to Visit the Field
of Tents.
Camp Montgomery, )
League of the Cross Cadets, >
Aqua Caliente, Cal., Juiyß.)
Surgeon and Major Mulligan was called
to San Francisco this morning. As he is
one of the important officers in the general
court-martial of Willie Long, the arraign
ment rf that youngster for having stabbed
a man with his sword while on picket
duty was postponed until this evening.
OFFICERS' QUARTERS AT THE LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
ENCAMPMENT.
[Sketched for "The Call" by a member of "The Call's" art staff.}
To-night a council of war was held to let
the matter go over until to-morrow. This
was because some of the leading officers
desired to spend the evening in a drive up
the valley for a change of air and rations.
Cook Matteson's wound is not at all dan
gerous and he is getting alon-^ nicely.
Willie Long is gradually recovering his
equanimity. To-day he facetiously willed
his sword to Lieutenant Drady and hung
up a soiled necktie for the first man in the
guardhouse to-night.
The following formal proceedings for
the court-martial huve been drawn up:
Headquarters Camp Montgomery,}
Aqua «. aliente, Cal., July 7, 1896. j
General order Xo. 1.
A general court-martial is hereby ordered
to convene at Camp Montgomery on July 8,
180ti, or as soon thereafter as practicable, for
the trial of sucb prisoners as may properly be
broufhtbefore.it. Detail for the court: Sur
geon and Major Mulligan, Major Drady, Cap
tain Filgate, Captain Haggerty, Captain
Drady, First Lieutenant Hooper, First Lieu
tenant Skelly, Second Lieutenant Drady, Sec
ond Lieutenant Power and Rev. Father Mc-
Donald, judge-advocate. By order
Captain Drady, Commanding Camp.
First Lieutenant Skelly, Adjutant.
Headquarters Camp Montgomery,!
Aqua Caliente, Cal., July 8, 1896. {
The court met in pursuance of the foregoing
order, and shall proceed la arraign and try Pri
vate William Long on the following charges
and specifications:
Charge first— Attempt to murder; specifica- !
tion I— Tnat the said Private William Long of
Company A did, on the night of the 6th inst.,
with malice aforethought and the promptings
of the devil in bis heart, make a felonious !
and murderous attack on Al Matteson, a cook |
employed iv said camp, inflicting a saber stab |
on the forehead ofjthe said cook, Al Matteson. |
Specification 2— That the said Private Wil- '
liam Long of Company A, when asked by the i
sergeant of the guard why he assaulted said '
cook, said: "I saw his hea>i protrude from
under the hospital tent at 11 p. m., and as I
supposed that he intended to break the rules
of the camp by attempting to go outside the
limits of the camp at that hour, 1 made up my
mind he should not"; and when the said ser- '
geant of the guard told the said Private Long
of Company A that tne cook was asleep at the
time, he replied: "I thought he was awake,
for x saw his eyes aud mouth open."
The charges were drawn up by Captain j
H. P. Filgate. a typical Western soldier. '
who is well known in San Francisco mili- ;
tary circles, and is here assisting Major
Drady in giving the cadets military in- i
struct ion. Captain Filgatn occasionally
entertains the cadets around the campfire
at nignt with stories from his fund of ex
citing experiences on the plains of the
great West.
Surgeon and Major Mulligan went
through the dress parade last night, and
though be is accused of having been
coached beforehand, and having some of
the orders written on his cuffs, he ac- I
quitted himself in tine style.
Last night was one of unusual excite
ment in camp. A storekeeper in the
neighborhood announced that he had rec
ognized in a man whom be bad seen in
the vicinity eariy in the evening a sneak
thief and opium tiend. The story spread
quietly, and, as it was then dark, grand
rounds were made at once and the sentries
instructed to be exira vigilant The entire
camp seemed to feel as though it was I
MEW TO-PAY.
REDUCTION IN PRICEr
1896 HARTFORD, Pat. 1, $80, reduced to - - - - $65
1896 HARTFORD, Pat. 2 (Ladies), $80, reduced to- - $70
1896 HARTFORD, Pat. 3 and 4, $60, reduced to - - $50
1896 HARTFORD, Pat. 5 and 6, $50, reduced to- - $45
BARGAINS IN SECONDHAND COLUMBIAS AND OTHERS
1896 COLUMBIAS $100, l iSS CBE ,
POPE MANUFACTURING CO.,
844 POST ST.
PARK BRANCH, Page St., nr. Stanyan.
Renting, Lockers, Baths, Instruction, Repairing.
about to be robbed. A patrol was sent
out and even travelers on the highway
were halted. The road runs alongside the
camp on the other side of a stone fence.
The sentries were determined to capture
the alleged sneak thie; if possible, and the
officer of the guard had the busiest night
! in the record of Camp Montgomery. The
challenges of the sentries could be heard
at all hours of the night, ihis morning
at reveille the camp was founa not to have
been carried away during the night and
nothing was missing.
The guardhouse had threa prisoners at
daybreak. Curiously enough the prison
ers were members of the guard them
selves, bu: they got in after reve lie. Two
donkeys stravtd into camp about that
time and the puards got on their backs
and proceeded to have fun with them.
The donkeys made a dash for liberty and
carried their riders outside the lines. Then
the other members of the guard, who had
failed to eaten the donkeys hrst, turned
tbe tables on their three comrades and
arres ed them. The three had no business
outside the lines. They were put into
the jruardhouse, where they were kept
until lone after the messes had had break
fast, when hey were released, but they
I prevailed upon kiml-hearted Cook Matte
! son who bad a narrow escape from death
from Private Willie Long'- saber thrust,
to find them something to eat.
The heat to-day was sweltering. It was
102 in the shade at noon. The shaded
swimming pool in the creek, a quarter of a
mile away, was congested with popula
tion after 3 o'clock in tde afternoon. The
reason that there is not more drilling and
hari work is that the atmosphere is too
tropical. L>r. Mulligan has prohibited
swimming between the hours of 11 a. m.
and 3 p. m. on account of the heat.
Major Drady and Captain Filgate say
tbe cadets are steadily improving in their
dri ling, soldierly bearing and conduct,
and there is no doubt that the encamp
ment will be profitable to them.
The sun has been destructive of all com
plexions, and a very brown, but a husky
and healthy lot of young men, will be
seen when they get back to she City next
Sunday night or Monday morning.
Preparations are being made for a large
crowd next Saturday, when members of
the Young Ladies' Institute will arrive,
and for military mass under the trees on
the arrival of the train at 9:30 Sunday
morning. A special drill and military ex
ercises will be given for the young ladies.
This afternoon a large "canopy was
stretched, under which mass will be said.
DIVORCED AT SEATTLE.
Dr. Dawson Wins His Suit for
a Separation From His
Pretty Wife.
The Defendant Is Awarded Present
Custody of the Children and Lib
eral A'imcny.
SEATTLE, Wash., July B.— The divorce
suit brought by Dr. Dawson against his
handsome wife came to a close to-night
when Judge Humes rendered a decision
giving the plaintiff an absolute divorce on
tbe ground of cruelty.
The custody of the children is awarded
to Mrs. Dawson until they shall be 8 years
of age, when, under the decision of the
court, they will be turned over to the
father. The Judge ordered that Dr. Daw
son pay his wife a goodly sum for alimony,
the amount to be fixed later by the court.
The verdict was a partial victory for the
defendant, in that the court granted the
divorce on the ground of cruelty, which
was supposed to be only a minor allegation
in the complaint. The court said that as
cruelty had been proved it formed suffi
cient ground for a decree of divorce.
Mrs. Daw'on, who was in the courtroom,
almost fainted from excessive joy when
the decision was announced. Tbe oue
great fight she made was for the posses
sion of the children, and shn won; for
when they are about to become eight years
of age nothing can prevent her leaving the
State and thus placing herself and the chit,
dren beyond tbe jurisdiction of the Supe
rior Court of King County.
GOES TO SAN QUENTIN.
Sentenes Passed Upon Francisco Guav~
tsh, an Indian Outlaw.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., July B.—Fran
cisco Qauvish, the Pichango Indian, who
is believed to have murdered Mrs. Platt
near South Riverside, was this morning
sentenced to the San Quentin penitentiary
for twenty years. He pleaded guilty to
three informations for horse stealing.
Gauvish was a little surprised at the se
verity of the sentence, but ne remarked to
Deputy Sheriff Aguirre, who had charge of
him, that he was satisfied that he had
saved his neck, anyhow. He is about
thirty years old.MONTECITO'S
TWO MURDERS.
Scott Richardson Innocent
of Monday's Double
Butchery.
SEEN IN MINNEAPOLIS.
He Gives to "The Call" an Ac
counting of His Recent
Movements.
FUNERAL OF THE VICTIMS.
Hundreds Fo'low Their Bodies to the
Grave— Proving a Dead Han's
Guilt
MINNEAPOLIB, Minn., July B.— Scott
Richardson, the stepson of Mrs. H. R.
Richardson and stepbrother of Miss Ethel
Richardson, the women murdered in Mon-
scenes of TWo Tragedies in J^orvtecito, arvd Or\e of the principals.
Tfie likeness in the upper Uft-hand corner is that of Cyrus Barnard, killed while resist
ing arrest for the murder of Mrs. Richardson and her daughter, Ethel. The large residence
is the Richardson home, where the murders were committed. The smaller cottage was the
abiding place of Barnard. When the officers arrived to arrest him he met them at the door in
the rear and was there shot dead after firing twice at the men outside.
tecito, Cal., on Monday, has established
an alibi which removes the suspicion di
rected against him because of his known
enmity to the unfortunate pair during
their lifetime. The fact that he was in
Minneapolis to-day proves that the man
seen lurking about the Richardson
grounds Monday evening, and whom the
California officers believe to have been an
accomplice of the murderer, was some one
other than Scott Richardson. A careful
investigation by Detective N. Smith
proves that an injustice was unintention
ally done the man when the authorities
looked upon him as the possible slayerjof
his relatives.
Richardson was found by a Call corre
spondent to-day, and gave an accounting
of his recent movements.
"1 left California, where my wife and
myself had visited with the old folks, one
year ago last April," said he, "and I have
seen nothing of them since. Since my re
turn I have been in Dub uq tie and in Wis
consin. This man Barnard that the dis
patches speak of I don't know and I can
not recall that I ever heard of him. They
must have hired him after I left there.
"The first I heard of the affair was to
day. I have been working for the county,
and on Tuesday afternoon I left home
about 4 o'clock ana went to Eden Prairie
to goto work. I had not been gone over
ha!f an hour before my wife received a
telegram concerning the matter. The
telegram was from Sheriff Hicks, whom I
know well personally, as I was there at
the time he was elected Sheriff. My wife
knew of no way to get word to me, and she
went and spent the night with her sister,
Mrs. Smithers, at the Laurel Flats. This
morning they hired a team and drove over
to Eden Prairie, where I was working. I
came to town and at once wired to Hicks.
"I have a well-to-do brother-in-law re
siding in Boston, and I guess he will go
out there to look after the property inter
ests, as there is no one left there now.
All I know about the affair is what I have
read in the papers, beyond my telegram
from Hicks. My stepmother was about
57 years old, I guess, and Ethel was about
16."
Richardson does not state whether he
would be benefited in a financial way by
the death of the mother and daughter,
but does not appear to believe he would.
A DEAD MAN.
Officrrt Determining the Guilt or Inno
cence of Barnard.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., July B.— An
extraordinary struggle is in progress in
Santa Barbara. All day long a jury has
sat in a cheery office, the target of a cu
rious multitude's eyes, trying to deter
mine the guilt or innocence of a man who
iies stark and stiff in an adjoining room,
unable to utter a word in his own defense;
unable to prove an alibi; unable to make a
full and free confession of the horrible
crime and perchance to extenuate himself
by telling of some unexpected circum
stances which will now never be told, and
which converted the sneaKing pilferer into
a murderer. Hour by hour the network of
testimony grows stronger, and those who
at first looked with pity upon the dwarfish
corpse are becoming more and more con
vinced that Cyrus Barnard was the butcher
who took the lives of defenseless Mrs.
Richardson and her pretty daughter,
Ethel, at Montecito on Sunday night.
Cyrus Barnard was a man without any
near or warm friends. His was not £. na
ture or character calculated to inspire re
spect or affection, yet the love of fair play
is so strong in men that those who in his
lifetime viewed him contemptuously and
only tolerated him as a companion or ac
quaintance have united in a zealous en
deavor to bring forward every particle of
honest testimony that can be found in his
behalf.
To-day's testimony was, much of it, a
mere repetition of that produced at the
Mrs. Richardson inquest yesterday. The
only new point made seems to have been
the discovery of Barnard's missing "jump
ers" and overalls hanging in his step
father's barn. Every garment that the
dead man possessed his wardrobe was
a meager one) now seems to have been
accounted for, and there is no blood to be
found upon anything save that which
flowed from the wound in his own breast.
Dr. Hall has taken Barnard's knife for a
microscopic examination. Although the
blade, which was supposed to fit the
wound in Ethel Richardson's throat, had
been recently cleaned the crevice where
the nail is inserted to open it is still dirty,
and Dr. Hall declares that if it was used
in the butchery there will be corpuscles of
human blooa there. Upon this examina
tion much devolves and upon its result
may depend the question of the dead
man's guilt.
At an early hour this afternoon a mourn
ful cortege started from a local under
taker's to the Richardson home in Monte
cito. In the lead was a hearse bearing the
body of Ethel Richardson, in a pure-white
casket, on which lay a floral-piece, con
tributed by her classmates. In the sec-
ond was the dark wood coffin containing
her mother's remains. The. pall-bearers
of the young girl were her boy classmates
in the High School. All Montecito and
hundreds of Santa Barbara people bad as
sembled. The grounds of the pretty villa
were thronged and the road was lined
with carriages.
The Rev. Dr. Dodge of Montecito read a
brief service on the doorsteps, the caskets
were replaced in the hearses, and a great
procession moved to the cemetery just
below, where all that was mortal of the
unfortunate victims was placed to rest on
the sunny slope of the bluff overhanging
the sea.
Sheriff Hicks yesterday received a dis
patch from the express company by which
Scott Richardson is employed, in Minne
apolis. It gave Richardson's address. He
immediately sent a dispatch to Richard
son informing him oi the crime, with in
structions that it should be delivered to
him in person, and to notify him if it was
delivered. This afternoon the office has
received the following notice from Minne
apolis :
Yours of the 7th, to Scott Richardson, signed
Thomas H. Hicks, was receipted for by Scott
Richardson 6:20 p. m., 7th. Union agent.
This completely does away with the
theory that Richardson was here on Sun
day night and committed the double mur
der, getting away without being detected.
The following telegram was received
late in reply to an inquiry addressed by
' the Sheriff to the Chief of Police in Minne
apolis :
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., July B.— Scott Rich
ardson was here on the 4th, sth. 6th ana 7th.
Hired team and left town last night.
V. M. Smith. Superintendent of Police.
FRANCAS AT ALBANY.
Mrs. Everett Horsewhips a Neighbor and
Shoots at an Officer Who Tries
to Arrest Her.
ALBANY, Ok.. July B.— Mrs. Frank
Ketchum and Mrs. Thomas, her neighbor,
were exchanging current gossip in the
former's yard to-day. Mrs. May Everett,
who lives near by, witnessed the confab
and imagined they were talking about her.
Armed with a bucket of water, she ap
proached tbe pair and dashed the water
into Mrs. Thomas' face. The latter re
monstrated, but Mrs. Everett's ire was
aroused. She went home, procured a
horsewhip, returned and again attacked
Mrs. Thomas.
George Carnese, who owns a trained bull
dog, happened to pass by. His dog, hav
ing been accustomed to play with a whip,
rushed in and took the whip away frcm
the an^ry woman, and thus ended the
fracas.
A warrant for the arrest of Mrs. Everett
was issued, and Constable Blount pro
ceeded to the Everett residence to place
her under arrest. Mrs. Everett had the
door securely locked and refused to admit
the officer. He broke through the door,
and was met by a very angry woman,
armed with a repeating rifle. When he
attempted to enter she shot at him. For
tunatoly she was a poor markswoman.
The officer rusUed forward and the woman
fired again just as he seized the rifle bar
rel. The shot passed harmlessly between
his arm and body. The weapon was a 22
--caliber Winchester rifle, but was plenty
large enough to have resulted in a rauraer
had her aim not beenfaulty. Mrs. Everett
ia in jail.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
JAPAN'S LOSS BY
THE TIDAL WAVE.
The Victims Believed to
Number More Than
100,000.
MANY CITIES LEVELED.
Nearly 40,000 Bodies Buried in
the Miyas Gi and Iwate
Prefectures.
FREAKS OF THE PHENOMENON.
Ships Carried Inland and Deposited
in Fields Far From the
Shore Line.
VICTORIA, B. C, July 8.-The steamer
Braemer arrived from the Orient this
morning and brought news up to June 22.
It has additional details concerning the
recent tidal wave. There were 14,970 people
killed and 4586 houses destroyed by the
wave in the Miyas Gi prefecture, and in
the Iwate prefecture 22,186 perished, while
1244 were injured and 5030 houses de
stroyed, making a total in the two pre
fectures of 37,156 killed. 1244 injured, and
9616 houses destroyed.
The number of deaths in the Aomori
prefecture is not known yet. In the
Miyagi prefecture the villaees of Shizu
kawa. Otani, Otatsa and Karakuwa suf
fered most from the wave. In Iwate pre
fecture. Kisen-Numa. Sakari, Kamaishi
and Kuji were most damaged. In Aomori
prefecture, Minatok, Hacbinohe and
Miyako were severely damaged.
A dispatch to the Yomiura from Morika.
dated June 20, states that over 60,000 peo
ple were either killed or injured by the
recent calamitous wave. Over 500 koku of
rice were sent from Hakodate to various
places for the survivors, who were on the
verge of starvation. In Kesen district of
Iwate one town and eleven villages were
destroyed, while 6000 persons perished and
1400 houses were swept away. In the
Minami Hei district three town? and eignt
villages were overwhelmed; 5627 persons
were drowned, 382 were injured and 1236
bouses were destroyed. A full investiga
tion will probably double these figures.
In Awomorie prefecture 300 persons per
ished, 143 were injured, 18 houses were
destroyed and 480 schools demolished.
Over 150 bodies were cast ashore on an
island five miles distant from Kamaishi.
Tbe following figures refer to the Kesen
district: Six thousand and nine dead, 313
injured, 3518 houses destroyed. TheNichi
Nichi states that the survivors of the re
cent disaster are subsisting on fish washed
ashore by the wave. They are compelled
to eat them raw, having no cooking ap-
purtenances. The ships Daisan Choan,
Maru, Kaijo, Myozin and Kompira, which
were in Kamaishi harbor on the night of
I Monday, were left by the wave, almost un
injured inland among the fields.
The visitation will probably be remem
bered as the most extensive of its kind
since 1854, when the provinces of Suruga,
Totomi. Mikawa, l^a, Ise, Settsu, Harna,
Awa, Sanuki, Iyo and Tosa were swept by
huge waves in November. The wave orig
inated not far from the Japanese coast,
probably in an extensive displacement of
the seabed on the southwestern edge of
Tuscarora Deep, and it appears to have
visited over 300 miles of coast line. Even
in Hokkaido it wrought destruction. The
most southerly limit of the ravages ap
pears to have been just a little north of the
famous arcnipelago of Matsushima. Had
the wave impinged upon the coast south
of Kinkasan it would have worked ruin
among the town and villages such as
Ishinomaki, Shiogama, Nobiru and oth
ers. But it missed the promontory and
began its devastation with the villages of
Onagawa and Okachi, situated across the
neck of the peninsula. Thence to the
northward its ravages may be traced by
reports that have come from Kesen-
Numa, Hamisho and other towns and
hamlets.
The country between Miyako and
Kesen-Numa has hilly peninsulas, a fiord
like coast, with mountain ridges leading
down to it. The harbors are stated to be
tbe finest in Japan. The fishing industry
is large. This is the region that has been
laid waste.
Japanese papers have many theories as
to the cau&e of the sudden ocean dis
turbance. Some suggested that a volcanic
eruption had taken place far out in the
Pacific. Another toeory is that a huge
cave-in occurred in the southern part of
tbe great deep, beginning off Ishinomaki
and stretching over 700 miles northward
and eastward.
A Hachinohe telegram states that many
bodies and wrecked houses were ashore in
the Kamikita district of the Komorito
prefecture, from which the conclusion is
drawn that the wave traveled southeast
and northwest. The Jiji says, referring
specially to the Motoyoshi district, that
though the bodies recovered were only
five or six hours in the water they looked
as if they had been tossed by the waves
for several weeks. The bodies were laid
in heaps, in many cases with nothing to
cover them. A telegram trom Kamaishi
states tnat only 2000 out of a population
of 6500 were saved at that place. Those
who escaped were more or less injured.
The medical assistance was insufficient.
The wave reached a height of eighty feet
in the Iwate prefecture.
Abbe H. J. K. Rispal, the French mis
sionary, saw those drowned at Kamaishi.
He stated that a great many Japanese
fishing-boats had been destroyed by the
wave. No damage to European vessels
has been reported. The Oshirohma and
Yoshima post and telegraph offices with
j their officers and families were swept
I away.
»*V~tUh J.H»W» «| a.^V/V/.
SEATTLE, WASH.,JnIyB.— AxelWacht
meister, a Swedish Count who is on a
pleasure tour of the United States, arrived
in Seattle yesterday. H<-re he was joined
by his mother, Countess Wachtmeister. a
lecturer on tbeosophy of iniernational
fame. The Count and Countess wilt board
the next steamer for Alaska. Count
Wachtmeiater's family is one of the oldest
of the Swedish nobility, and his father was
for many years Minister of Foreign Affairs
for Sweden.
PACIFIC GROVE CHAUTAUQUA.
Seven Hundred People Present When the
First Day's Gathering ts Called
to Order.
PACIFIC GROVE. Cax., July B.— The
first session of the twelve-day Cbautauqua
Assembly began here to-day. About 700
people were present. Rev. Dr. McClish
presided and Rev. Dr. Filben, the superin
tendent of instruction, had the manage
ment of the programme..
The course of this year's assembly is a
most interesting one, and many of the
most prominent people in the State will
read papers on topics in which the Chau
tauquans are concerned.
One distinctive feature is the devoting
of certain days to certain subjects. Chau
tauqua day falls on a Sabbath, and a moot
interesting programme has been ar
ranged. Besides this there will be a
women's day; a field-day, when all indoor
work will be suspended; an American day,
recognition day and assembly Sunday.
To-day's programme was long and in
teresting, but devoted almost entireiv to
musical exercises. No papers were read,
as the idea has been to make the first day
one of pleasure, and thereby give mem
bers a chance to get the work before them
well in hand before they actually start in
on it. There were nineteen members on
this evening's programme, and it was
participated in by the California Male
Quartet and the Treble Clef Ladies' Quar
tet. The Misses Sherwood performed on
the mandolin and guitar, and Miss Ship
ley played several solob on the cornet, as
did Miss Stickney on the violin. Miss
Safford gave several interesting readings.
Jt,,U,r.jlri« lly»lfr» <')en\-rj
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., July B.— The
mystery of the death of Felix Anliker has
been explained. It appears that he and
his partner, while on their way to San
Luis Obispo, got on the wrong road, on
which no water was to be had for sixty
miles. After suffering from thirst Anliker
became ill, and his partner left him to go
in search of water ana assistance. After a
long searcn he met William Smith of
Antelope, who showed him where water
could be obtained. With a cask of water,
both men went back to where Anliker had
been left, but could not find him. He had
evidently gone in search of water on his
own account, taking a coffee-pot with him.
It 1b evident from subsequent discoveries
that Anliker wandered a long way from
the road, and finally died from thirst and
sickness on the spot where his body was
found.
LOS ANGELES QUARREL
Lively Tilt Between Members
of the Normal School
Board.
Funds Transferred to a Bank in
Which Trustee Wilson Is
a Stockholder.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., July B.— The ad
journed meeting of the Normal School
trustees this afternoon was characterized
by lively tilts between Governor Budd's
newly appointed members, Wilson and
Brooks. The latter was appointed to fill
the vacancy caused by the death of Gen
eral Mansfield. Trustee Davidson was re
moved to make way for Wilson. Senator
Brooks, in a speech laden with severe in
vective, asserted that his opponent had
been appointed to a live man's position,
while he (Brooks) was tilling a place made
vacant by an unfortunate and untimely
death.
The controversy arose over a transfer of
Normal School funds at the instigation of
Trustee Wilson and others of the board
from the Farmers' and Merchants' Bank
to the Merchants' National, formerly the
Southern California National Bank.
Trustee Brooks, the "great economizer" of
the board, pleaded that he wanted this
large fund kept in banks that had never
closed their doors, even in the hours of the
wildest monetary panics. He said that
any hank with this record would be ac
ceptable to him.
The fund amounts to about $40,000.
Trustee Wilson owns some of the Mer
chants' National stock aud is one of its di
rectors. He was reminded of this during
the controversy thio alternoon. The vote
was four to one in favor of Wilson's bank.
TRAGEDY AT SAN JOAQUIN CITY.
George Finch Mistakes His Brother for a
Burglar and Shoots— Dies in His
Slayer's Arms.
STOCKTON, Cal., July B.— A pitiful
tragedy — the unintentional slaving of a
man by bis brother — was enacted at San
Joaquin City shortly after midnight this
morning. George Finch, the proprietor of
the only hotel in the village, shot and
killed Alfred Finch, whom he mistook for a
prowler for whom both were searching.
The tragedy occurred in the hotel bar
room. George Finch had been aroused
from sleep by a noise made by some one
moving in front of the building. Believ
ing it was made by a robber he aroused
Alfred, telling the latter to get his pistol,
the only one about the place, and give it
to him. George then armed his brother
with a brass faucet and toid him to keep
behind him while he reconnoitered to see
if any one was without.
Instead of doing as he was told Alfred
slipped through the saloon door, which
was unlocked, to see if any one was hidden
within. George Finch did not know this,
and, hearing a noise in the saloon, de
manded to know who was there. Alfred
gave no answer. Seeing his form in the
darkness the elder brother fired, the bullet
talcing effect in Alfred's back below the
shoulder-blade. George then ran in to
grapple with the supposed robber, but
stopped aghast when the latter exclaimed:
"George, you've killed me." Alfred Pinch
expired In his brother's arms a few mo
ments later.
There is no telephone or telegraph com
munication from San Joaquin City, so C.
A. Dreyer drove to Banta and telephoned
to Sheriff Cunningham and Coroner Clark
about 2 o'clock this morning. Both started
for the scene of the killing at an early
hour this morning, and an inquest was
held at San Joaquin City over the body of
Alfred Finch. The brothers were on the
best of terms, and each highly esteemed
the other. The inquest proved this, and
that no blame could attach to the one who
did the shooting. He will not be arrested,
as the District Attorney is satisfied that
the killing was accidental.
Many years ago George Finch kept a
blacksmith-shop in this city, and he is
well known here and on the West Side.
DIED.
BROWN-In this city. July 8, 1896. William
JBrnndall. son of Archibald and Margaret Brown,
and father of Willie and Ida Brown and Mrs. H.
bholl. a native of New York, aged 45 years.
fSan Diego papers please copy.j
»yFrlend» an<l acquaintance* are reonec.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Friday), ax 2 o'clock p. m.. from tats late
residence. 4 Octavla street. Interment 1. O. O. Jf.
Cemtttery.
ALCATRAZ PRISON
TO HOLD A BARON
Yon Adlesdorff, a Titled
Bavarian, Arrested for
Desertion.
FLED FROM ARMY LIFE.
Imprisoned After Repeated At
tempts to Quit Uncle
Sam's Service.
WANTED IN HIS NATIVE LAND.
He Had Engaged in Many Duels and
Once Murdered a D.fenseless
Adversary.
PORTLAND, Ob., July B.— A corporal's
guard passed through here last nijjht, en
route for the military prison on Alcatraz
island, San Francisco bay, having in
charge seven military prisoners from
Montana and Idaho posts.
Among these prisoners was August
Leibknecht, a German, 35 years old. He
has been in this country seven years only,
but in that time has deserted rive times
from the United States army in various
parts of the country. His latest desertion
is said to have been from Fort Benton,
Montana, about four months ago, but he
got no further than Helena before he was
recaptured.
There is a Dit of tragic romance at
tacned to Leibknecnt's career. His right
name is Baron Yon Adlesdorff and he be
longs to one of the minor noble families
of Bavaria. At the age of 22 years, after
completing his education, Yon Adlesdorff
was graduate ' in the Bavarian contingent
of the Prussian army as a junior officer.
He became a hard drinker, and tnat, cou
pled with an irascible disposition, led him
to engage in broils with his feflow-officers
and others of his social rank. Up to his
twenty-eighth year, it is reliably stated,
Yon Adlesdorff fought on an average of
two duels a year after the first year of his
service in the army.
His last escapade in that line, occurring
in 1889, was a disgraceful and cowardly
one, compelling him to flee from his na
tive land. The story goes that in the
early spring of that year he crossed swords
with a young officer on the outskirts of
Munich. The Baron's adversary fell, but
not fatally hurt. Yon Adlesdorff attacked
his prostrate foe, piercing the defenseless
soldier's breast witn his sword. It was a
miserable, cowardly act, but the Baron's
friends aided him to escape from the field
of honor before bis victim's adherents
could summarily avenge his death.
The Government offered a large reward
for the murderer's capture, dead or alive,
but he succeeded in eluding identification
until recently, when he was sentenced to
eight years' confinement in a military
prison for desertion from the United
States Army. At this crisis the so-called
Leibknecht, in his desperation, had the
foolish temerity to appeal to the Ger
man Consul-General in New York for in
tercession in his behalf. A superanuated
attache of the Consul's office remembered
Leibknecht's Bavarian crime, and the
faci of his being in the custody of the
American military authorities has been
communicated to Europe. In the mean
time LeibKnecht will spend his days in
prison.
FAST RACING AT NAPA.
Stam B Takes Toggles' Measure
and Lowers His Own
Record to 2:11 3-4.
Owyhee Easily Wins the 2:40 Class
Trot and Lady Tnornhill the
Special. 1
NAPA, Cal., July B.— This was chil
dren's day at the track, and the young
idea held full sway during the forenoon.
Pony, sack and running races for money
prizes proved a strong drawing card for
the youngsters of both sexes, and to the
successful contestants as much homage
was paid as was accorded the Greek hero
of tbe Marathon race.
In the afternoon the great 2:15 trot
attracted a big crowd expecting to see a
great contest between Stam B, the grand
four-year-old son of the majestic Stamboul,
owned by the Tuttle Brothers of Rocklin,
and Toggles, the crack son of the Fresno
sire, Strathway. There was no disappoint
ment, for it was the greatest race of the
meet.
After four heats had been trotted aud
t he dust of battle had cleared away victory
rested on the crown of Stam B and his
record is now 2:11-%, a reduction of 3%
seconds. Napa tracK was tbe scene last
year of the winner's great struggle with
the sensational Zombro, when he had
finally to acknowledge defeat, though not
until he had set t"he Pacific Coast mark for
three-year-olds in a race as well as the
coast stallion race record for horses of that
age. Just six years ago his renowned sire,
Stamboul, set the big crowd wild by trot
ting a mile in exactly the same note as his
son made to-day.
The day opened piping hot, but by the
time the first race was called the cooling
breeze put in its usual appearance to the
relief of all. The track was in splendid
shape and fast time was looked for. The
betting is still light and one would he con
strained to think that many of the wor
shipers of the light-harness horse must be
existing in a trance or under the influence
of a Svengali.
The opening race was for two-year-old
trotters and marked the second appear
ance of the Oakwood Park stock farm's
young giant, Owyhee. He brought $20
against $7 for tbe entire field. It was
simply no race at all, for the lavorite won
both the necessary heats as he liked, tbe
time being 2:33 in each. Lynall, who ex
hibited fine bursts of speed, divided second
money with Lottie Lilac.
When the six starters for the 2:15 trot
were called the betting strongly favored
Stam B, who sold for $20, Toggles $13 ana
the field $7. Tbe second choice was heavily
played to win the first heat, which he did,
the favorite fetching up a length further
back-, in 2:l2 U'.
There was but slight change in the bet
ting after this beat, Stam B still selling a
pronounced choice. Toggles led the fa
vorite to the homestretch, where Delaney
began making bis drive. In a desperately
fought-out contest Stam B passed the wire
a head in advance of the Fresno gelding
in 2:11%, the fastest time ever trotted
over the i\apa track in a race. As on the
occasion of his other defeat .by Stam 8.,
Driver Clark's horse-seemed to lose heart,
lor Stam;;: B experienced no difficulty in
placing the remaining two heats and the
race •to his • credit ;in 2:17 i and 2:16, re
spectively. In the concluding heat Tog
gles finished last. .
The special event, best three in five
heats, brought out Lady Thornhill, Gil
patnek, Prince Ira and Millie S. Lady
Thornhill sold favorite in the pools at $10,
Prince Ira ; bringing $5 and the field $3.
The favorite won the opening heat, but
the time, 2:32^, was so slow that the
judges declared all bets on the heat off
and instructed the drivers to all "go" for
the next heat; or suffer expulsion. -The
Lady then took the }. second , ; heat rin \ 2:20.
She was beaten* out in a close finish by
Gilpatrick in the third heat, and then cap
tured the necessary two. It was a very
tame betting affair.
!^ Trotting, two-year-olds, 2:40 claw, two in three;
■MS
Owynee, b. c, by Charles Derby-Ida Wood,
• (Chaboya) .....;..... ......'.•.........■..'..'.... 1 1
Lynall, eh. c, by Tynmount (.HOKobooml, 2 3
Lottie Lilac, b. f., by Lottery (C1ark).....:.... 3 2.
Lady L, b. m., by Don Tod (5mi1ey)........... 4 6
Highland Lad, b. c by Dexter Wood (Hodges 3 4
. Time, 2:33—
Trotting, 2:15 class, three In five, purse 100.
Stam B, b. s., by tetamboul- Belle .Medium
(Delaney) ..............:.. ..........2 1 11
Toggles, br. g., by Strath way (C1ark).... "...12 2 4
Jasper Ayers, br. g., by Iris (Perkins) ...2 33 2
Native State, b. c., by Star Sultan (Maben).4 4 4 3
Chiro. b. g., by Monroe Chief (Sullivan) dlst.
Maria P, b. m., by Dexter Prluco (Bunch), disu ,
Time, 2:12^-2:11%— 2:17—2:16.
Special trotting, throe in five, purse S 3CO.
Lady Thornhill, h. m., by Billy Tboruhill-
Klora (McKenzte) 1 2 11
Gilpatrlclc, b. a., by Junio (Rodgers) 4 1" 2 4
Millie 64, b. m., by Yosemite (Smith) i! 3 4 3
Prince Ira, b. s , by Dexter Prince (Alviso) 8 4 3 2
Time, is :50V4— 2 :21 y t — 2 :vfO V*-2 :'i •>.
Following are the entries for to-mor
row^ events: gj&ig
District two-year-old trot, 3:00 class, $300—
W. D. Munger enters b. f. Pale tta: Hunger; F.
W. Locber enters \b. I . Princess Rowena ; \V.
Mastin enters b. g. Attraction; P. c. Lynch
enters b. h. Hank; Sherman Brothers enter
8. f. Briar Bud. . ... ... ■
District three-year-old trot, 3:00 class, s4oo-
R. Jordan Jr. enters Fanadma; F. Rocnford
enters b. c. Napa Prince; J. Gamble enters
s. J. i^ucelle ; J. Parrington enters s.f.Granville;
F. \V. Loeber enters eh. 1. Princess Whipple
ton;' Tom Smith enters b. c. Sweet Rosey;
Judson James enters b. c. J. J. -'■" •
. 2;40 class . pace, all ages, $700— A. J. Bacon
enters b. m. Crescendo; D.B.Steuhenson enters
Benard; N. S. Beddle enters Bonnie Belle; D.
E. Fortin enters A dele; 'C; A. Durfee enters
b. : s. . Warsptte; J. Moorhead i enters br. m.
Meridian; D. E. Knight enters b. m. Cora; C.
T. J. Crowley enters b. m. Kate H; G. Mc-
Donald . enters b. g. Jim Budd ; Ira ; Pierce ■ en
ters blk. m. Fioraiine; E. M. Day enters eh. s.
Dictaius; William Bihler enters b. m, Jennie
Flood; R. E. Stark weatner enters b. g. Strath
mont; Oakwood Park, San ■ Francisco, enters
eh. m. Christabell ; James Mack enters b. g.
Ben L; P. W. Hoeges enters Sindwood; J.
Periano enters Alto Genoa.' ■-*«; v--v?
! :: : ■ • •
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS.
Big Scores the Eule in Tetterday's
Oatnea.
CHICAGO, 111., July B.— Score: Cbicagos—
13, 15,^3; Baltimores— ls, 18, 3. Batteries—
firings and Donohue; McMahon and Clark.
Umpire— Emslie.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, July B.—Score—Cincin
natis—3, 8, 0; Philadelphias— 2, 5, 1. Batteries
— Ehret and Peitz; Wittrock and Grady. Um
pire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., July B.— Score: St. Louis—
3, 7, 4; New Yorks— B, 12, 1. Batteries—Breit
enstein and McFarland; Meekin and Zearfoss.
Umpires— Murrihy and Wilson.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, July B.— Score: Cleve
lands—6, 13, 3; Brooklyns— ll, 16, 0. Bat
teries—Wallace and Zimmer; Daub and Grim.
Umpire — Sheridan.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July B— Score: Louis
villes—lo, 12, 2; Bostons— 2, 5, 3. Batteries—
Frazeraud Dexter; Nichols aud Tenney. Um
pire—McFarland.
PITTSBURG, Pa., July B.— Score: Pittsburgs
—19, 22, 2; Waahingtons— o, 5, 6. Batteries—
Hughey and Sugden ; Mercer and McGuire.
MAY SUCCEED DIMOND.
Colonel John S. Young mentioned for
the Major-Generalship.
Gossip in military circles has recently
been rife with suegestions in regard to
the probable successor to the late Major-
General W. H. Dimond. The latest name
to be mentioned in this connection is Colo
nel John S. Young, who has seen many
years' service in the National Guard, and
is known as an able officer.
Colonel Young was asked if he was an
aspirant for the place, and replied that he
had not made any effort to advance his
interests in that direction; nor did he feel
it proper or dignified for him to take any
such action. Some of his friends bad sug
gested the matter to him, but he had
not given it serious consideration.
General Thomas J. Clunie and General
Warfield are mentioned as probable ap
pointees. Colonel Walter Turnbull is also
on the list.
It is expected that Governor Budd will
not make the appointment for six months
or a year, following the course he has so
consistently followed in filling vacancies
since his inauguration.
M
blmß r \iiiwsi3t O ' more reason why
you should take a substitute for Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla than you should take
your own life. When a man tries to force
something else upon you, be . sure he is
after the MON. - Joy's Vegetable Sarsapa-
rilla cures constipation, liver and kidney
affections. '
TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Geutlemen :
I write to admit that, notwithstanding my
misgivings, your Vegetable " Sarsaparilla
did all that you promised. I had tried' so
many prescriptions to no purpose that I
bad come to believe that nothing would
relieve my dyspepsia and headaches, ' but
1 have not had a return 'of either trouble
since I commenced taking your medicine.
I ; believe I am permanently cured, but
will, out of an abundance of caution, con-
tinue to take it regularly for a while yet.
You have . my. permission to make this
public, for I think that a remedy that will
cure dyspepsia and prevent sick headaches
1 should be generally known. Respectfully,
MRS. M. FOWLER, 327 Ellis st,, City. : ;
FAILING MANHOOD
General and Nervous Debility.
" /55-^. " Weakness of Body ; and :
f/CT\. ■' Mind, Effects of Errors
' VC-jKm^ or Excesses in Old or
jfn-sfZffm ■ Young, Robust, Noble
K'jl^J^ \_ Manhood fully Restored.
3$ I /' How ■■ to » Enlarge " and :
HLA IS - Strengthen- Weak, Un- .'
jQIwR \ny*^yAi developed Portions of
■Swl/L Mr^lSnvV Body. Absolutely nn-
TW/KWW M failing Homo Treatment.
? '/f^ult -iillOJ —Benefits ;in a day.
Men testify from 50 States and Foreign ~
: Countries. ,: : Send for Descriptive Book, ex- v.
! planation and proofs, mailed (sealed) free.
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo^ N. Y.
Is the light that will bring : V" great big
glow of happiness to you. By it you will
see how strong and vigorous your now
weak body can be made. Hndyan is for
man. The great Hudyan is to be had only
from the Hudson Medical Institute. This
wonderful discovery was made by the 'spe-
cialists of the old famous Hudson Medical
Institute. It is the strongest and most
powerful vita lizer.ro ad e. It is so powerful
that it is simply won terful .how harmless
it is. You can >;et it from nowhere ' but
from the Hudson Medical Institute. Write -
for circulars and testimonials. ,
; The extraordidary • Rejuvenator; is the
most wonderfnl discovery ?of the age. It 1
has been indors d by. the leading scientific
men of Europe and America.
HUDYAN is purely vegetable.
HUDYAN stops prematureness of the
discharge in twenty, days. Cures LOST
MANHOOD, constipation, dizziness, fall-
ing sensations, nervous. twitchings. of the
eyes and other partii. Strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the entire system. It is
as cheap as any other remedy.^
HUDYAN cures debility, nervousness,
emissions, and develops and restores weak
organs. •, Pains in the back, losses by day
or night stopped quickly. Over 2000 pri-
vate indorsements.
Prematureiiess means impotency in the
first stage. It is a symptom of seminal
weakness and barrenness. , It can be stop-
pea in twenty days by the use of Hudvan.
Hudyan cosis no more than any other reni-
edv. Semi for circulars and testimonials.
TAINTED LOO D— impure blood, due'to' seri-
ous private disorders, carries myriads of son-
producing nns. Then come sore throat, pimples,
copper-colored spots, ulcers In mouth, old sores and
fallinc nalr. You can save a trip to Ho;, springs
by writing for "Blood Book ' to the old physicians
or the -»-•--.■-.■. - - '
- HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUIB,
Stockton, Market and Kills Sts.
SAX FRANCISCO. CAL.
CLOSING
'EM
OUT!
Our Summer Stock of Tan
Shoes now offered far below
factory prices.
r^g-n (th^ "1 K 63 ' Tan ' Boots,
I L I »n/i liil button or lace; very
V IJiAV latest styles; needleor
/ V, \ : narrow square toes,
C Ladies' Tan Boots,
button or lace; very
latest styles; needle or
narrow square toes,
V-shaped tips; all sizes
rS^ V \ ana widths— s2.ls.
V~^>J_SlV Cannot be bought
T^T^^^S^i elsewhere for less than
$3.00.
As $1 'ir\ Ladies' Tan Kid Cloth
-"^fc^ltjhl Top Oxford Ties," nee-
('>«. *5v die toe, V-shaped tip,
w3I?S^ hand- turned soles; in
V r**^*"^s^ all sizes and widths —
s — ' X^p at $1.45.
V~%~\ -1 K Misses' Tan Button,
I '■&■' I ' 'wlaltl ■ sP rin S' heel; narrow
I {*■ \ square toe, ,V-s,haped
r tip, straight Button,
spring heel, narrow
square toe, V-shaped
tip, straight foxed ;
-/i;i, ,vV x^ very stylish and . good
p*^^c#7\ wearers; sizes 11 to 2 —
$1.15.
dj-1 Ar Ladies' Extra Quality
V> rtSl 2fal Tan Oxford Ties;
t^^Vl* VV band . turned soles,
(v~ "^%. needle toe, V-shaped
V"~~\/v3b< tip; strictly latest
■ y^*^/*"^ a style in every detail—
1 — ■ at $1.95. -.
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Follows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention. ; x
TBS L.L^ijwi X"
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PBOOF, #
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West, (
NEW YORK. -
100 single rooms. ' 100 rooms! with baths,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
10 from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson 'Elver*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS/
. A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in ■
>* KWHTfIItHWV' America. ■sf^S'*
Passengers crossing the ' Jersey ferries take either
6th or sth eve. " L " to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. ; European
plan. $1 up. . American plan, $3 up. Most com-
■ pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New York. W. JOHNSON QUINN, Mgr. ,
WM. NOBLB, Propr. . v
DR.MCNULTY.
mHIB WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE SPE- ,
1 clallst treats PRIVATE CHRONIC AND
NERVOUS DISEASES OF MEN ONLY. Hestoos
Discharges; cures secret Blood and Skin Diseases,
Sores and . Swellings; Nervous Debility, Impo-
tence and other weaknesses or Manhood. •■ ■
. He corrects the Secret Errors of Youth and their
terrible effects. Loss of Vitality, Palpitation of the
- Heart, Loss of Memory, Despondency and other
troubles of mind and body, caused by the Errors,
Excesses and Diseases of Boys and Men. '
lie restores Lost Vigor and Manly Power, re-
moves Deformities and restores the Organs' to t
Health. He also cures Diseases caused by Mer-
cury and other Poisonous Drugs. ■ ■ .
i Dr. McNulty's methods: are regular and scien-
tific. :■ He uses no patent nostrums or ready-made
preparations, ; but cures' the disease by thorough,
- medical treatment. Ills New Pamphlet on Pri-
vate Diseases sent Free to all men who describe
their trouble. Patients cured at Home. .< Terras •■
reasonable. ... .. . --
Hours— 9 to 3 dclly; 6:30 to 8:30 evenings. Sun-
days, 10 to 12 only. Consultation free and a*
credly confidential. Call on or address
P. KOSCUK MoNULTY, M. D..
26K Kearnj St., San Francisco,*- Cal.
Iff Beware of strangers who try to talk to yon
•bout your disease on the streets or elsewhere, j
: They are cappers or steerers lor swindling doctors.
Baja California v
Damiana Bitters
- Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tv«
texual and urinary ■■ organs of both sexes, and * ■ -
great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad- :
Her. A greai Restorative, Invlgorator and vl
bells on its own Merits— long-winded teat**
monlals necessary. . '- : ■ ; '
■ >AKtB, .iLFS Si IiIIUNK, Agents.
333 : Market St.. S. ' F.-(send tor ClrcuUt.l
felll A\J C Vni I lAxoat, Pimples, Copper-^
■nAlb IUU colored Kpota, Aches. Old SoreaJß
■L leers In Mouth, Hair-Kalllnc' Write C'OORM
■bEUEDI CO., GO7 Blasonlc Temple^J
BCUcaeu, HI., for proofs of. cures. Cupl-fji
B^tal, SSOOyOeO. Worst cases cured in. ISH
Jto as day*. 100-pay> tooofc ****T_._ fj
■ • ■■ - ■ . ■ - - ■■ '
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
' Editor and Proprietor. "
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .SQ.I 5
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mall — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Calx, one month, by mall.. . .65
Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11............*.... 1.60
Wxxklt Call, on« year, by mall. .'."' 1.60-
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
■0. it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL, to
your address. Do not let It miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone. Main— l ß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street. . j
Telephone ... ..Main— lß74"
BRANCH OFFICES:
530 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
9:30 o'clock.
Sl9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
711' JLarkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
261Sf Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
IIS Klsth street ; open until 9 o'clock. '
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
P.ooms SI and 82, 34 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. FOI/TZ, Special Agent.
THURSDAY .JULY 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. i
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOB PRESIDENT-
WILLIAM McKINLEY, of Obio
FOB TICr-PKKSI DENT-
GARRET A. HOBART, or New Jersey
EJECTION NOVEMBER 3. 1896.
Chairman Daniel's speech was decidedly
a dull thud.
The people ask for work and Democracy
offers them wind.
Eastern Democrats may not bolt but
they are preparing to scatter.
It is becoming evident that when local
politics opens up it will open up big.
Senator Hill declares he doesn't feel sore,
but he admits his feelings were hurt.
Whitney continues to decline — not the
residency — but in public estimation.
If the goldbug free-traders bolt there
will be no place for them but England.
Daniel went to Chicago with a reputa
tion as an orator. He will leave it with a
valise.
If the Populists consent to fuse with any
such gang as that at Chicago they deserve
to be lost.
About this time Senator Teller begins to
wonder what he got off for and where he
got off at.
The Chicago convention has made things
look squally for Democracy, but the coun
try is all right.
There is one sign of improvement in
Democracy. It has repented of Cleveland
ism and repudiated it.
As the platform demands an income tax
we have another evidence that Democracy
never learns anything.
The turning down of Tarpey is another
victory for Daggett. The mint seems to be
working as a scalp factory.
Altgeld is a good boss so far as managing
men is concerned, but the work he gets out
of them is always a Dad job.
Before Monterey celebrates another semi
centennial she will be a bigger town and
have more room for visitors.
The free-trade rooster cannot crow for
free silver, and if Democracy, wanta a bird
this year she will have to take a goose.
When Cleveland raised the dust of the
money question to hide the tariff issue he
never dreamed that it would obscure him
also.
Mr. Cleveland may now have himself
depicted as the Ancient Mariner, "Alone,
alone — all, all alone; alone on the deep,
deep sea."
Compare the speech of Thnrston at St.
Louis with that of Daniel of Chicago and
see the difference between eloquence and
platitudes.
Over in the greenback-using East they
know about as much of the question of
standard coins as a goat knows of high
art in bill posters.
About this time the administration has
begun to feel very sorry that it ever put
the money question to the front to keep
people from talking of the fiasco tariff.
The Yale boys have the satisfaction of
knowing that while they did not win the
prize they pulled off an international boat
race without a Bquabble and they deserve
a medal for that
Gold money is good and silver money is
good, but without work a man can get
neither gold nor silver, and therefore the
people demand protection to American in
dustry as the first issue in the campaign.
Th<» Republican pledge to promote inter
national bimetallism is worth more to
intelligent advocates of free silver coinage
than all the Democrats or Populists could
promise though they talked from now till
doomsday.
All classes of farmers have felt the de
pression caused by the overthrow of the
protective system, and as a consequence
the Populist as well as the Democratic
party will see many of its members cast a
straight vote on election day for McKin-
Jey and protection.
There is a report that General Maceo not
only passed the Spanish trocha but en
tered Havana and took a leisurely stroll
a boat the streets; and while the story may
not be true the fact that it is current
shows what the Havana people think of
the situation and of the possibilities that
exist in it.
A correspondent of the New York ■ Tri
bune says that frost 'is an increasing dan
ger to the orange industry of Florida, as
the records show the "frost line" is stead
ily moving - southward in - the State and
cold waves are '■ becoming \ severer ' every
year. We may yet have to take on our
selves the task of supplying all the citrus
iiiiU needed ia Una country.
SILVER REPUBLICANS.
We have received from various parts of
'the State letters from silver Republicans
asking how they can support the St.
Louis ticket and platform without being
adverse to the great cause of bimetallism
and free silver. These letters attest in every
line the earnestness which marks the
character of the true patriot who desires
to vote right, and they are, therefore, de
serving the attention of the public gen
erally.
Those who are in doubt on this issue
have not read the St. Louis platform
clearly, nor do they understand existing
conditions rightly. The St. Louis platform
does not declare for the gold standard.
On the contrary, it pledges the party and
its candidate for the Presidency to pro
mote international bimetallism. This
declaration is certainly not adverse to the
movement toward the free coinage of
silver. As a matter of fact some ot the
most earnest advocates of silver have long
advocated just such a course, and all free
silver men can consistently support it as a
first step toward the accomplishment of
what they so much desire.
The issue becomes better understood,
however, when we consider it in relation
to the whole situation. A vote against
the St. Louis ticket and platform would be
a vote against not only bimetallism by in
ternational agreement but against the
protective tarin system and American in
dustry. It would be a vote against the
party of efficient government in favor of
the party of bungling and misgovern
nient. It would be to turn away from the
soldier candidate McKiuley and all that
his heroic record in war and peace repre
sents, to ally one's self with the crowd
ruled by the anarchist Altgeld of Chicago,
or the ignorant and sectional Tilman of
South Carolina.
If we turn from the Nation at large to
this State we shall see abundant reasons
why all intelligent and conservative busi
ness men and workingmen should remain
true to the Republican party and give an
earnest support to the St. Louis ticket
In California the silver question is not an
issue. All parties are pledged to it. Re
publicans, Democrats, Populists and Pro
hibitionists are agreed on that issue.
Every candidate for Congress from this
State, ho matter on what ticket he runs,
will be favorable to free coinage. The di
viding issues with us are those of protec
tion against free trade and of capable men
against incompetency and bungling. The
Democratic administration failed as much
from weak men as from bad measures.
The party could not act together on any
subject, and the result was a fiasco in
every branch of the Government and in
every administrative department.
The first issue before us is the restora
tion of prosperity, the revival of industry,
the employment of idle men and the re
establishment at Washington of a Govern
ment capable of dealing with great ques
tions in a statesmanlike way. When we
have provided work for the people, en
acted a tariff that will yield a revenue to
the Government, turned the balance of
trade in our favor and have at the Na
tional capital a body of able, resolute and
united men to manage the affairs of the
Republic, we will be in a position from
which we can go forward to bimetallism
without danger to our finances or disturb
ance to our industries, and it is to that
end therefore that all true bimetallists
should work during the campaign and
vote on election day.
ALTGELD'S PLATFORM.
Inasmuch as the majority of the dele
gates to the Democratic convention went
to Chicago for the express purpose of com
mitting the party to the free and unlim
ited coinage of silver without qualification
or safeguards of any kind it is no surprise
that the platform speaks upon that ques
tion with emphasis. But, on the other
hand, it is in the nature of a deli to all
the world and implies an independence of
the commercial world which our farmers
more especially do not want.
The Democracy would needlessly
antagonize our grain and provision pro
ducers in the markets where they sell
their surplus produce. Moreover, there is
an intimation that, as Mr. Boies pats it. as
between all silver and all gold as the
metal for redemption-money the first
named would be preferable. It will be seen
that although the platform declares for
the free coinage of both gold and silver it
does not necessarily mean bimetallism,
since in any event silver must be coined.
The difference between the Chicago and
St. Louis platforms on that question is
clear and distinct. The latter is for the
coinage of both metals in a way that their
parity as redemption money will be main
tained under any and all circumstances.
The Wilson-Gorman tariff act is prac
tically indorsed. Although the wording
of that plank is vague, yet when taken in
connection with the declaration on the
income-tax question, it is plain to be seen
that the idea is to add to the free list
and make up the deficit by swamping
the Supreme Court, so that a decision
favorable to the income tax theory of col
lecting revenue may be adopted, which
shall be the policy of the Government.
The only protection to American labor
provided for is such by immigration laws
as shall prohibit the landing in this
country of competing workingmen of
that kind, but meanwhile the gates
are to be opened wide to the importation
of goods and wares that are produced by
pauper labor in other couutriea. The
platform contains the usual Democratic
glittering but meaningless generalities,
and the document shows ibat its making
was in new and untried bands. It is just
such a declaration of principles as will re
quire continued explanation by the party.
In short, It is a piece of patchwork through
out.
NOW FOR THE POPULISTS.
Now for the Populist National Conren-
tion. It meet* July 22 at St. Louis, and
the attendance is likely to , be very, much
larger than at either the Republican or
Democratic gatherings. The hotels of St.
Louis do not expect to be overrun, but
keepers of boarding-houses are preparing
to reap a bountiful harvest.
The old leaders are in favor of the Omaha
platform, but some of the younger mem
bers want more practical politics and less
sentiment. The Omaha, declaration de
mands Government ownership of the rail
way and telegraph lines; the abolition of
the national bank system; the free coinage
of silver the resumption of the issuing of
greenbacks , the right of the citizen to bor
row money of the Government at a nom
inal rate of interest; "a : system of ; storage
warehouses where farmers may store their
grain until satisfactory prices are reached ;
postal savings banks, and i free trade in all ■
manufactured goods, but not in farm prod
ucts or raw material that is a product of
this country. ■ v- -V '
y Mr. Taubeneck, who is the guiding spirit
of the Populist party, is of the opinion
that the party would ; make " a ' crave > mis
take were it to indorse the Chicago nomi
nees. Be claimed : that the ' Democrats
cannot be trusted to carry out the Populist
programme besides, in the one theory of
government only the free * coinage of
.siiyei axe the. parties at all in harmony,'
iSISI&HBffiMSBBSBHHBBHHfcsi
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
and it would be an abject surrender of all
the Populist party has labored for to in
dorse or in any way affiliate with the new
Democracy. For once the Populists will
show evidence of possessing some sound
political sense if they stick to that resolve.
DEMOCRACY'S PURPOSE.
The speech of Senator J. W. Daniel, tem
porary chairman of the convention, voiced
the new doctrine of the Democratic party.
There were other speakers, but their utter
ances were merely sound and fury, signi
fying nothing. The principles of the party
which had been proclaimed by fifteen pre
ceding National Conventions as containing
the sum total of the desire of the party's
heart were ruthlessly cast aside and Alt
geld't tale of woe substituted for them.
Mr. Daniel put it well when he said "the
party began with tee sunrise in Maine and
spread into a sunburst in Louisiana and
Texas." When the sun bursts there 1b
everlasting darkness, and there is where
the once grand and glorious Democratic
party lies weeping and wailing and gnash
ing its teeth. llow are the mighty fallen !
There was cunning in Altgeld's purpose
in selecting Virginia's great orator to pro
claim that upon coming to the parting of
the ways the Democracy had taken the
left-hand road. The occasion needed just
such glitteiing generalities and rhetorical
rubbish as Mr. Daniel could weave and
dig up to divert the mind and cover over
the dastardly work. But will there not be
"a Daniel come to judgment" by and by,
when the spirit of the Democracy of Jef
ferson and Jackson cries out for rescue
from Altgeld's whited tepulcher? The
principles laid down by the father of
America's Declaration of Independence,
and which were defended by the hero of
New Orlean?, rolled into a football by a
son of the mother of Presidents for an
archists to kick hither and yonl
It is not surprising that in sounding the
"keynote" of the campaign Mr. Daniel
.should lay all the troubles that have come
to humanity, including the fall of Adam,
at the door of the money question, but it
is surprising that a man of his character
should become such an abject slave of Alt
geld. Mr. Daniel stated to the convention
that the commercial failures, industrial in
activity, idle workmen and general de
pression in recent years all came as the
legitimate consequence of the so-called de
monetization of silver in 1573, but he
knows very well that the tone of business
operations of all kinds was generally
healthy and that the wage-earners hud
plenty of opportunity to employ their
skill and energy in all the years between
1873 and the substitution of Democratic
free trade for reasonable protection. He
knows very well that it is not the "silver
question" but the operation of the Wilson-
Gorman tariff act that has Kept the busi
ness interests of the country in the em
brace of disaster the past three years.
Mr. Daniel made no reference at all to
the operation of the tariff law which bis
party enacted, except to roundly abuse
the Supreme Federal Court for not decid
ing the income act constitutional in defi
ance of what the constitution distinctly
declares. He skimmed on the crest of the
Populist silver wave, and crowded his
speech full of bold and broad assertions,
but not one of his suggestions was fortified
with a logical reason. But then the new
leaders of his party are masters in the art
of deception, and in ratio to their ability
to mislead the people will they succeed in
laying hands upon the machinery of the
Government.
WOMEN BICYCLE RIDERS.
In Washington, D. C, there is a society
called "The Woman's Rescue League, 1 '
and just now it is making war upon the
bicycle as a means of rapid transit or
pleasure for women. The league pro
claims that "immorality is alarmingly on
the increase among; American women,"
and all because of the horrid bicycle. It
may be that the ladies of the Rescue
League are actuated by the loftiest and
most sincere motives, but for all that it is
unfortunate for themselves tliat they have
so little confidence in their sex. It may
be, too, that the rescuers are in a measure
right when they say that the bicycle pro
moted immorality, but a mere assertion
that it is so does not make it so.
Undoubtedly the bicycle tends to more
familiar association between men aud
women than some other ways of enjoying
companionship, but if the logic of these
rescuers is good to apply to bicycle riding
it is good to apply to buggy riding or
walking. It is the guilty mind that
suspicion most troubles. No doubt women
would be safer if they were kept in seclu
sion, and they would be safer still if they
were in their graves, but there would be
no thought of their safety if men were
fitted to coffins and the lids nailed down.
Now, a true woman does not compro
mise her modesty a whit more on the
bicycle than she does riding on a street
car or a buggy. All things are evil to the
evil-minded.
It so happens that a great many women
use the bicycle for convenience. They
have to go from place to place on legiti
mate business, and it ia quite as proper
to go on a bicycle as it is to walk. Then
very many women ride the bicycle for
health and others for pleasure, and if
there be anything; immoral in it it is dis
covered by others than those who ride
wheels. It ia very true that some women
bicycle riders adopt costumes that might
be spliced out a little with the same kind
of material, but the same is very much
more true of some men bicyclists. The
fact is, these are not the days of the May
flower, but there are just as many good
and true women now as there were in
those days. The members of the Rescue
League might better attend to rescuing
their own minds from the many unfounded
suspicions which appear to keep them in a
etate of agitation. *
DEMOCRATIC CIVIL SERVICE
Fresno Republican.
J. W. Anderson, who in now doing mission
ary work among the Federal office-holders of
Nevada in behalf of the Democratic campaign
fund, levies ass^smeius on the officials as fol
lows: $25 on $750 per annum situations, $30
on $1000 postmasters, soon to be in the civil
service, $/0 on $1000 appointments, $125 on
SlOOOand $300 on if 1000. He is said to be
doing a good business among the faithful, too.
As somebody has been heard to remark, (treat
is Democracy, with its civil service reform, and
greatly to be praised. Evidently, il the Demo
cratic host has no campaign fund in the ap
proaching campaign it will not be for lack of
"practical politics." What a gorgeous farce
talk of political reform sometimes is, to be
sure.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Twenty-six Kansas women • nave banded to.
gether to write a novel.
'■ S. McCaughey of the Coonong Station, Jerll
der N. S. W. , hag 3,000,000 acres of land
and 1,000,000 sheep. 
; Founded by Cardinal Wiseman and Daniel
O'ConneU In 1836, the Dublin Review Is about
to celebrate Its sixtieth anniversary. /
: , Queen Victoria has given a contract to a
Glasgow fish curer for a supply of the homely
kipper, to be sent to Balmoral for the: royal
table at regular intervals. ■■.-■> - . ■
A curiously old-fashioned military caricature
appeared in a recent number of Punch, : and
the artist wrote to explain that it; haa been
drawn, accepted and paid for twenty-are years
I beta*
MUSICS &
MUSICIANS
HOW HISTORY IS MADE.— Don Chisciotte,
a Roman nevspaper, haa been amusing its
readers by publishing a criticism on the first
performance of Verdi's "Krnani/ which, it
says, was published in L' lllustration in 184 U.
The paper adds that on its first performance
the work was not entitled "Ernani," on ac
count of Victor Hugo's prohibition, but wan
produced under the title of "The Proscript."
"Since Verdi wrote his 'Nabucco,'" says the
critic of L'lllustration, "he has certainly made
progress. The composer's thought seems now
to be more clearly developed, the instrumenta
tion is less noisy, and more regard is shown for
human voice. Signor Verdi Is not yet prodigal
of melody, but he is less miserly of it than
before, and his style has more force, warmth
and dash. In the ensemble work he rises to
great power." The critic sums up his opinion
of the composer by saying: "This opera does
not put Verdi among composers of the first
rank, but he is a musician of merit who has
some brilliancy and eclat. Fortherest.be is
youne, and perhaps may do better. It will be
worth paying attention to what he goes on
producing. If he succeeds in acquiring more
power for writing melody and learns to vary
his effects, if he gets a little more sensibility
and passion, he may perhaps become one of ths
notable artists of his day."
The strangest thing is that "Ernani" was
first produced at Venice in 1844, under its
present title. Terhaps it was a pirated edition
of the wora that L'lllustration criticized two
years later.
The financial difficulties of Abbey, Schoeffel
<i Grau have been adjusted, and the firm
is now resuming business. This means that
New York is to have another opera season in
1896, and with Melba, the De Reszkes and the
rest of the great company of last year. The re-
Florence Gerard Abbey, Whose Husband Will Resume Business Without His
Wife's Assistance
[Reproduced from an engraving.]
habilltation of the firm has been brought
about with wonderful speed. Meeting with
overwhelming disaster they have made a
settlement in six weeks and are again on their
feet, so tosp'ak. Abbey was lying almost at
the point of death when the bankruptcy
occurred, yet he managed to gather strength
enough in a few weeks to face the situation
and make a great and determined fight to pave
the firm from utter financial annihilation.
He has his enemies; they are determined in
opposition and they think they have good
cause for their attitude. But, however that
may be, they cannot Dut admire the manner
in which be, ill and weakened, struggled to
his feet and put up a gallant fight to retrieve
his lost position.
Another fact that greatly embittered Abbey's
condition was the announcement made in the
depths of his disaster that his wife, Florence
Gerard Abbey, intended to leave him and re
turn to the stage. Various reasons have been
assigned for this step, but the real facts are
not definitely known. It will be nine years
next February since Florence Gerard left the
stage. Since that time the general public has
only known Her as a handsome woman smartly
gowned, who has figured as a striking feature
In boxes at the opera in the various cities her
husband has visited in his role of impresario.
She has been an important factor in the Abbey,
Schoeffel and Gran Company, however, on ac
count of her tact and skill in managing the
visiting artists, keeping peace between the con
tending elements and being absolutely neutral
in the midst of the jealousy of rival stars. Her
immediate friends say she has been a good
wife and a good mother to the children sbe
found in Abbey's household when she became
its mistress. Mrs. Abbey, who will be a great
loss to her husband's company, has no inten
tion of going on the lyric stage. She will prob
ably be seen in legitimate drama in New York
next season.
A large part of the credit for the satisfactory
position, in which the Abbey, Schoeffel <t Grau
firm now finds itself is due to Mr. Grau.
While Abbey was attending to the financial
part o: the affair Grau was abroad undertak
ing the delicate and diplomatic work of keep
ing the artists from making new contracts
while th« settlement was being adjusted in
New York. What would it have profited the
firm had the creditors been appeased, only to
find that the superb company had been scat
tered? When Abbey cabled to Grau that the
creditors had practically unanimously con
sented to the reorganization of the firm Grau
cabled back that he held the company practi
cally intact, and that the artists were ready to
come when wanted. There was a Boston end
to the affair also, and on this Schoeffel was
busily and successfully engaged.
The little church of Arnstadt in Thuringia
still contains the organ on which John Sebas
tian Bach played early in the eighteenth cen
tury, tli at i« to say from 1704 to 1707. This
instrument is considered to be one of the fin
est in Germany, which possesses so many re
markal>io organs, ana the souvenirs attaching
to it render it particularly interesting. Un
fortunately it was restored for the first time
.about tweutjr years ago, and Ui« work wM
done so badly that a complete rehabilitation
has now become necessary. A committee has
been formed at Arnstadt to raise the lunds
necessary for this important restoration, and
the town is preparing a grand Bach festival,
which it is expected will attract devotees of
the great John Sebastian from all parts of Ger
many. All the proceeds to the festival will be
devoted to the restoration of the historic or
gan.
It is in France particularly that the female
composer is being honored and feted, probably
because France adores art and the female
composer there is doing her work well. Rouen,
the town of Joan of Arc, has been holding a
grand exposition and instead of letting the
composers of the sterner sex monopolize the
musical part of the affair it was resolved that
the exposition's special musical attraction
should consist of an Augusta Holmes festival.
A number cf this gifted Irish-French compos
er's works were performed, including her patri
otic "Ludis pro Patria" and her "Ireland." The
hall was filled to overflowing and ovations
were lavished upon the music, which was
rendered by a grand orchestra end chorus
and by soloists from the Grand Opera-house
of Paris.
After the terrible chandelier accident at the
Opera Comiqup it was resolved to adopt a
more modern system of lignting the house
and Gailhard, the manager, is now in London
examining the mode of lighting employed at
tne Empire and the Savoy. These theaters
are inainly illuminated by incandescent elec-
trie lights in tne ceiling and I
glass which incloses them is said to be attached
so securely to counter weights slung over the
beams within the roof that there is no danger
of its falling. If M. Gailhard could invesii-
gate the mode of lighting adopted in most of
the San Francisco theaters he would learn of
something safer still.
Budapest has Deen giving a grand na
tional exposition, and the students of the
town, resolving to celebrate Hungary's thou
sandth birthday by lifting up their voices in
song, banded themselves into a chorus 1400
strong and gave a monster concert in the vast
gallery of the exposition. The students had
been well trained, and the effect produced by
their young, fresh and sonorous voices is said
to have been superb. It would add a good
deal to the effect of grand celebrations of
Native Sons if something of the sort could be
accomplished here.
Mme. Ambrolse Thomas has been so ill since
her husband's death that she has not been
able to move from the apartments at the Con
servatory of Music in Paris, which belong to
the directorate of that iustitution. Theodore
Dubois, the new director, gallantly placed the
rooms at her disposition as long as she wanted
them, but as Mme. Thomas is now a little
better in health she has announced her inten
tion of moving to a flat in the Champs Elysees.
Saint-Sacns had one jubilee performance
and liked it so well that now he has had a sec
ond. It was of a more private character than
the first affair and took place at the home of
Mr. Gigout in Paris. Gigout boasts that he
learned to improvise from attending the
church of the Madeleine when Baint-Saena
played the organ there.
It is announced that Siegfried Wagner, the
"Heir to the Name," will be one of the con
ductors at Bayreuth this year. The other
chefs d'orchestre will be Dr. Hans Richter of
Vienna and Felix Mottl of Carlsruhe.
Mile. Berthet, who has stepped into Melba's
shoes as Ophelia In "Hamlet," at the Grand
Opera, has made a great success in the part.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Young Medical Student (to charity patient).
I think you must have a— a some kind of a— a
fever, but our class has only gone as far as con
vulsions. I'll come in again in a week, when
we get to fevers.— London Tit-Bits.
"Oh, muzzer!" said Freddy to his mamma
the other night. "I does love you better' n any
thing on zis earth 'cept God, an' I's 'fraid not
t 1 love Uod best."— Judge.
"Oh, pa!" exclaimed little Johnny, the first
time he saw a trout, "it's got the measles, ain't
it?"— Boston Transcript.
Sulkey— How did that racing venture of
yours turn out? What were the net profits?
Shay— They were all nit profits.—Philadel
phia North American.
Bobby (at the breakfast table)— Maud, did
Mr. Jones take any of the umbrellas or hats
from the hall last night?
Mhucl— Why, of course not. Why should he?
Bobby— That's just what I'd like to know. I
thought he did, because I heard him say when
he was going out: "I'm going to steal just one,
and " why, what's the matter, Maud?
Mc-n.tr.dAl Eeraid,
PERSONAL.
Dr. Edwards of San Jose Is a recent arrival at
the Lick.
Dr. William Allan of Lob Angeles is a guest
at the Lick.
P. C. Jones of Honolulu is a guest at the
Occidental.
L. M. Lasell, a merchant of Martinez, is at
the Grand.
State Senator William Johnston of Cortland
is at the Grand.
James McLachlan, a merchant of Pasadena,
is at th 2 Palace.
W. H. Hilton of Glen Ellen arrived at the
Grand yesterday.
S. Chapman, a Chicago capitalist, is among
the Baldwin's guests.
W. V. Sargent, a politician and attorney of
Salinas, is at the Lick.
A. Thacher, an attorney of St. Louis, Mo., ia
staying at the Palace.
J. C. Moore, a druggist of Chicago, arrived at
the Palace last night.
F. W. Graham, an attorney of Bakersfleld, is
registered at the Russ.
James Stokes, a broker of New York City, is
quartered at the Palace.
J. W. Kaseberg, a Sacramento capitalist, is
registered at the Grand.
State Senator D. A. Ostrom of Yuba County
ia registered at the Grand.
E. J. Lowrey, an insurance man of Fresno, ia
among the Grand's guests.
Judge D. R. Prince ot Fresno is ono of the re
cent arrivals at the Grand.
Dr. J. V. Gaff of Benson, Ariz., is at the Grand
on a short visit to this City.
Wm. G. Kerchball, a well-known merchant
of Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
H. C. Shaw, dealer in agricultural imple
ments at Stockton, is at the Lick.
Among the Palace guests is J. H. Kinkead, a
mining man from Virginia City, Nev.
V. S. McClatcby. proprietor of the Sacra
mento Bee, has a room at the California.
S. J. Freedman. a merchant of Portland, Or.,
is one of the latest arrivals at the Baldwin.
G. McM. Ross of Petaluma, whose business is
mining, took a room at the Occidental yester
day.
R. P. Rtthet, proprietor of the Rlthet Hotel
at Victoria, B. C, arrived at the Palace yester
day.
James G. Davis, a prominent business man
of Sacramento, is in the City for a fortnight's
Visit.
W. Clayton of San Jose, a real-estate dealer
there, is among the latest arrivals at the
Palace.
H. J. Finger of Santa Barbara, a member of
the State Board of Pharmacy, is registered at
the Lick.
John Gibson, a United States navy officer,
registered at the Occidental last night with
his wife.
Among the arrivals at the Grand yesterday
was Garrison Turner, a prominent resident of
Modesto.
Dr. A. H. Hayes of Boston, with his wife and
two children, Is spending a few months in
California.
A. Ekmon, a druggist of Oroville, returned
yesterday from a trip to Monterey and went to
the Grand.
Dr. Thomas Flint of San Jnan, father of
State Senator Tom Flint, is making a short stay
at the Grand.
Rev. Daniel G. Mackinnon of Stockton regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday forenoon
with his wife.
J. £. Collins, a hotel man of Fresno, is a
guest of his friend Major Fahey at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel.
H. E. Plummer, manager of the big railroad
dining-room at Lathrop, is at the Baldwin on a
brief business trip.
J. K. Overton and Fred B. Dale, members of
the Board of Trade of New York City, are
guests at the Palace.
W. H. B. H. N. Boyes, Miss A. E. F. Edwards
and Mrs. H. E. Boyes of England registered
last night at the Lick.
H. B. Turner, a business man of Los Banos
and a land-owner near that place, is making a
brief visit at the Grand.
I. D. Richards, a wealthy stockraiser of Mon
tana and one of its oldest residents, is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Professor Charles D. Marx, ot the department
of civil engineering at Stanford University, is
a late arrival at the California.
W. D. Duke, manager of the Hearst ranch In
Mexico, arrived at the California yesterday
and registered from Batavia, Cal.
Astronomer A. L. Colton of the Lick Ob
servatory came down from Mount Hamilton
yesterday and put up at the Lick.
If. Grau, manager and one of the principal
owners of the Buffalo Brewery at Sacramento,
is registered at the Grand with his family.
James Wilson, an aged mining man of
Eureka, Nev., is at the Palace. He came to
this City to have a cataract removed from his
eye.
Ira G. Hoitt of Burllngame, principal of
Hoitt's School ana ex-Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction, is among yesterday's arrivals
at the Occidental.
T. S. Hawley of the Santa Barbara firm of
W. A. & T. 8. Hawley, dealers in agricultural
implements, arrived at the Occidental yester
day oil a visit to his relatives in this City.
Sands W. Forman, the ex-Supervisor, re
turned from Alaska yesterday with his wife
and Miss Gertrude Forman. They made the
trip for pleasure and are now at the Occidental.
W. Bittle Wells of Portland, Or., member of
the Stanford University Mandolin Club and
composer of some Stanford music, arrived at
the Palace yesterday from his home in the
north.
Bishop E. R. Hendrix of Kansas City, Mo.,
oue of the new bishops of the Methodist Epic
copal Church South in the United States, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday with his wife.
He will remain here until Monday.
Colonel Henry G. Shaw, for several years the
leading editorial writer for the Stockton Mail,
has resigned his position and is In the City.
Colonel Shaw will stump the State for
"MeKinley, protection and sound money."
Phil. S. Beel, brother of Slgmund Beel, the
local violinist, returned yesterday from Camp
Top Notch, a new resort a mile and a half
from Camp Taylor in Marin county. He says it
is one of the jolllest places on earth. The camp
ers have a dance pavilion 60 feet by 40 feet
and a common dining-room 30 feet by 20 feet.
Those in camp now are: Miss Kate Kelly, Miss
Ellsworth. Louis J. Gilbert, Carleton Gilbert,
John Reynolds, Desmond Ellsworth, Hartley
Ellsworth, Mi>s Frances Frederick, Miss Viola
Thompson, Fred Wood, Mr. and Mrs. Van Duyn
and Mr. and Mrs. Wells.
Eli Trott of New York, Western agent of the
Children's Aid Society, and for over thirty
years identified with charitable work in the
metropolis, arrived from the East yesterday
and will start for Yosemite to-day. The insti
tution he represents is supported entirely by
public subscription, and through its various
departments reaches ana aids about 36,000.
There are twenty-three day schools, eleven
night schools, five lodging-houses for boys and
one for girls, a seaside home and a sick mis
sion department and a health home. The
main object of the society is to find
private homes for poor children.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, K. V., July 8.-Mrs. William
Samuels and Mrs. Helens Tiebury left the
Plaza to sail on the Hamburg-American liner
Normannia for France. At the Murray Hill—
C. A. Culver; Holland— H. Payot and wife*
Imperial — N. C. Kingsley; Hoffman— A. /
Rows; Continental— J. M. Chase: Oerlach— w*
L. W likens; Metropolitan— W. Greene.
INSPECTION O F DIARY HERDS.
Stockton Independent.
San Francisco's vigor in the matter of milk
inspection is likely to produce good results in
the matter of improving the health of cattle
in all the surrounding counties. The Board of
Health has given notice that on and after
October 1 next it will quarantine against all
milk from herde which have not been sub
jected to the tuberculin test. The board states
that it is acting in conjuctfon with the Boards
of Health of Alameda and Santa Clara coun
ties. Thia will compel owners of dairy herds
in other vountiea to have them Inspected or
forfeit their San Francisco trade. Th« example
should be followed by every city in the State,
.which, should require dealers ia milk to have
*u-i- i,.,a« in«rr>ected and to make it unlaw
-lEBH « ass Si
business. ______ ————^ss
THE CYCLOMETER CRANK.
Of all the cranks I've ever .«»«"•
The cyclometer crank is the w«w.
Hp watches It ro from morn till nlgni,
And pushes it found with all his might
Though hU veins are like to burst.
There's music for him In the click of the dog.
And It cheers his weary wa T- t fnwn
Wbetber riding bom- or rid ing : to town,
or pumping ap hill, or coastlnr down,
He lives on Its merry lay.
He cannot stop on half a mile. •
And though the time has come to aine,
If th« eyefo stands at 399
The dinner must wait a while.
When death has claimed the cyclometer crank,
And re's passed from this world of guile.
He'll ask Peter to wait at the open K**f>
Tiiough the saint is old and the hour is laic,
While he runs off another mile. ,.,„
— Minneapolis Tribune.
INCOMPLETE
Stockton Independent.
Yesterday's Call has a caricature of silver
nnd gold doctors dosing the patient. Democ
racy, and Uncle Sam saying: "It's no use, gen
tlemen. She won't live to take eitner. The
picture is incomplete without the free-trade
leech letting out her lifeblood.
LADY'S BELTED BLOUSE.
A belted blouse of unusual attractiveness is
shown here. In this particular instance it
was a waist of fancy silk, to be worn with
separate skirts, but the same model is teen in
costumes of one fabric.
A dress of foulard in bine, with a white
figure, had an edge of narrow Val. lace on
every ruffle, with bands to match it lengthwise
on the bodice.
A linen batiste had ruffles edged with em
broidery on the ssme fabric, which had two
edges, the batiste being cut out under. The
effect was the same as embroidery done on
the fabric.
A gown of black canvas, with a violet and
green silk lining, had the ruffles lined with
tiny pleatings of the silk. These pleatings ap
peared again on the waist, being set on length
wise, two inches apart, two on either side,
and one directly in the center, at the opening.
The pleating is the finest made, and is an inch
and an eighth wide when finished.
The waist has a fitted lining; the ruffle ia
cut circular and slightl;' ruffled.
■
Glasses 15c. 738Mrkt. SuudayKast shoe store.
• — o- — •
Ir you want fine service, fine carriages, com
petent drivers, ring up 1950. Tac. Carriage Co.*
Fpfctal Information daily to manufacturer*,
business bouses and public men by ttxa Prast
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Montgomery. '
A lady has been appointed a registrar of
births, marriages and deaths by the guardians
of the city of London. Miss Kemm, the lady
in question, has for some time acted as as
sistant to her father.
.»rvs Hub »;«.ir.t I7*.'f:
The Atlantic and .Pacific Railroad— Santa Fa
route— is the coolest and most comfortable sum
mer line, owing to its elevation and absence of
alkali dust. Particularly adapted Jar the trans
portation of families because of its palace draw
ing-room and mouern upholstered tourist sleeping
cars, which run daily through from Oakland to
Chicago, leaving at a seasonable hour and in
charge of attentive conductor* ami porters. Tick
et office. 644 Market sire*;, Chronicle building.
Telephone, Main 1581.
llaeu e« 7/i tt i» tTIA T^ 11 <>1f «tv w»-3<k»r|rY
Swell excursion will leave San Francisco next
Sunday evening. Rates cut way down. Every
thing orst class: moaU in dioinf-cars. The finest
sight in the world ia the hot water geysers, found
no place but in the Yellowstone. J.uat the place
for your vacation trip. T. K. Stateler, 638 Market
street, San Francisco.
Aix danger of drinking Impure water Is avoided
by adding 20 drops of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bit
ters.
No home is complete without Parker's Gixsbb
Tonic, needed for every weakness.
Parker's Hair Balsam Is life to the hair.
For jaundice and liver complaint, Ayer's Pills
are better than any other. They do not contain a
particle of calomel.
Colonel Rye (who has swallowed a portion
of a "breaker")— l'll say one good thing of this
salt watah : It makes one thusty.— Judge.
NEW TO-DAT,
.-■■
A windowful of upholstery
goodness !
A parlor set we made in
1872—24 years ago— has just
been sent in to be re-covered
(for the first time). Good
as new, except the cover.
In the window this week;
worth seeing!
We're '?. still making that
kind of upholstery ; it pays
— you and us.
Plain figures on every-
thing— haggling — and
you're welcome.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.) '
117-123 Geary Street.
» • '.' "Now. Stop and Consider
4mmmm
' Wi "WE. because we known is *&?£££■£■
11 : Catalogue and Price List to 7?*'. bend . for
3 v American Type Founders' Co.
r : «»-tO7 Saasorne Street, r*?°\
Ban Francisco, Cal.THURSDAY JCLY 9, 1896
AMUSEMEVTS.
CxriroßKiA THEATEB.-"Amertc»ns Abroad.-
CoLriißiA -'London Assurance.
asoßosco'* «- ' > i A--OC6K- A -Money Order.
Trvou OFERA-Hotrs*— "Lucia."
t F.rHrrv— -Class VandevtUe.
b ciro Baths— Bathing and performances.
shoot the CHUTEs-Daily at Haignt «t«et,
cue book east of the Park.
AUCTION SALES.
By Frank W. Bcttkbj'iki.d — Th!a flay
(Thursday),* Fnniltnre. at 334 OFarreU street, at
11 o'clock. -■_
By Kitrtp* Co—This day (T|«i»lij),Hm*
a: corner Van Ness avenue and Market Ms., at 11
o'clock. «,«—«—■
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Railroad Commission met yesterday. .
Work on the carnival programme la pro
gressing rapidly.
The Twenty-ninth District McKinley Club
organized last eveniDg.
Argument began yesterday in the trial of
Becker and Creeean for forgery.
Jack Hares nas discovered gold in the sands
of Hurricane Gulch, near Sausalito.
Advocates of woman suffrage are busy organ
izing precinct clubs throughout the State.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon and made a number of appointments.
Many important measures •were discussed at
yesterday's sessions of the Young Ladies' In
stitute.
H. W. Barker, who resided at 1020 Howard
stree:, dropped dead in Calvary Church last
evening.
The Board of Health has offered the Federal
authorities a solution of the quarantine
muddle.
Thomas B. Bishop, the well-known attorney,
is the latest convert from Democracy to Re
publicanism.
The suit of the Security Loan Association
agalsn Mrs. Josephine J. Pritchard is on trial
in Judge Slack's court.
The boys of the Youths' Directory will spend
to-day in Marin County, where they expect to
enjoy a delightful outing.
Renewed activity has manifested itself on
the Southern Heights and in the Potrero dis
trict in grading and building.
Two score and ten of newsboys hold high
carnival near Lotta's fountain, where a barrel
of pitch fell from a dray and burst.
Fair Thursday; iight southwesterly chanzinjf
to northwestenv wind; light 'og off the coast.
Local Forecast Official A. G. M.cAdie.
Bishop Hendrix. the distinguished emUsarv
Hung Chang, is here to accept a iarge
donation for the Methodist Church South.
Some new rules have been adopted by the
Board of Education relative to the appoint
ment of teachers and contagious diseases.
Jacob Deitrich either committed suicide or
wa.- RCC-.demally smothered by gas in his
room at 418 El. is street yesterday morning.
The Women's State Republican Club held a
meeting last night in Justice Groezinger's
: om. at which there was a good attend
ance.
There was a row last nieht in the meeting
of the trustees of the Mechanics* Institute.
and Director Formhals indignantly left the
room.
P. McDonongb, a milk rancher, was repri
e rday by the Boanl of Health for
•ir.g his cows to feed in the San Bruno
marsh.
The charge of robbery against William Caw
ley, saloon-keeper, Polk and McAllister
i, was dismissed by Judge Campbell yes
terday:
:&n Ashley, assisted by Pastor W.
tried unsuccessfully yesterday :o se-
I .-udsmen ior the release of her sister
E in a a.
Then ara symptoms of a Democratic stam
:o the Republican ranks, owing to dis
: the financial stand at the Chicago con
. un.
Frank Dent-in, aged 16 years, fell into an
empty tank at Sutro's Baths yesterday, receiv
ing injuries which resulted in his death three
hours later.
The Woman's American Protective Associa
tion has answered the criticisms passed by the
Woman's Liberal League on J. Richard Freud
and_tbe new charter.
The Rev. Dr. Brown bade farewell to his con
gregat.n a: last nieht's prayer-meeting, al
ls prostration as the reason oi his
leave-taking.
Judge Murphy yesterday pave E. C. Clowes
judgn • -• the stockholders of tne An
tic Fruit, Raisin and Nut Company for
30 per cent of $2500.
J. M. Reynolds writes warning the people
:.ew charter as introducing a mon
al system as against tne present popular
■■:' municipal government.
Jidge Campbell, while hearing the search
tease of Mrs. E. P. Ferry, 1107 Bush
n:aie a scorching attack upon usurers
-.rgine exorbitant interest.
The tenets! has decided that
ra Warfield holds the seniority
: iud that the claims of
Genet*] Muller are not upheld by law.
Grain rates from the interior to this port
reduced yesterday by the Valley road
.-.-. an arrangement with the California
Navigation and Improvement Company.
Patrick Suliiven, charged with petty larceny
Judge Conlan yesterday, blamed the
wind for it, bat the Judge convicted h.m. and
ordered him to appear for sentence this morn
ing.
The Native Sons of Vermont will hold their
July meeting at (Md Fellows' Hall to-morrow
(Fnday) night. Alfred Wilkie will sing by re
quest 'The Sword of Bunker Hill," also other
solos.
The rules and premium list of the home
products exposition to be given from Septem
ber 1 to October 3 were issued by the Me
chanics' Institute yesterday in pamphlet
form. "
The Bank of British Columbia and the Lon
don and San Francisco Bank protested to the
County Board of Equalization yesterday
aca.nsi Assessor Siebe s valuation of their
assets.
New grain rates between Stockton ana Port
Costa, Valiejo and San Francisco were put into
fffect by the Valley road yesterday, and make
a material reduction on the Southern Pacific
rates to this City.
This morning the American flag will be
raised in Port-mouth square in commemora
tion of the tirst raising of the flag by James B.
Montgomery, commanding the United States
warship Portsmouth, in 1846.
Bishop E. R. Hendrix of the Methodist
Church South , recently arrived from Missouri
to arrange for the transfer of valuable prop
erty given the church by a clergyman of Hoi
lister, is in the City and will preach here Son
day. .
Ed Lafferty, a young man arrested while try
ing to break into the grocery on the corner of
Twenty-ninth and Dolores streets last week,
was yesterday held by Judge Joachimsen to
answer before the Superior Court in $2000
bonds.
A representative of the London Insurance
Company of London and the Continental In
surance Company explained last night the
reasons for the light risks taken on the build
ins occupied by the West Coast Furniture
Company.
J. J. Cooney has been subpenaed to appear
be/ore Judge Slack this morning and testify in
the matter of the Craven-Fair deeds. 'Mr.
Coonejr, who took the acknowledgment, says
Senator Fair himself made the "acknowledg
ment in person. . ..
Mr?. Mamie Baldwin, the young woman who
created i sensation by masquerading the nieh;
of the Fourth in male attire, was up before
Judge Campbell yesterday for sentence. His
Hor.or thought she had been sufficiently pun
ished by the notoriety and imposed a nominal
fine.
Rates between San Francisco and Portland
are likely to soon be restored. Prominent
Southern Pacific officials have left for Port
land with the avowed Intention of holding a
conference with the Oregon Railroad and Nav
igation Company's officials and adjusting past
difference* between the two companies.
HEW TO-DAT.
GAIL BORDEN
EAGLE Brand;
-CONDENSED MHX.
Has No Equal \
SOLD EVERYWHERE
THE TRIUMVIRATE
WILL DO BATTLE.
To Serve Subpenas on
Defiant Railway
Officials.
BOARD WANTS EVIDENCE
The Rub Will Come on the Event
of the Companies'
Refusal.
DR. STANTON'S RESOLUTION.
It Indorses a Schedule of Rates
Adopted by the Southern
Pacific
Yesterday afternoon the Board of Rail
road Commissioners in regular session
took tbe initial step in determining
whether or not it has jurisdiction over the
street railway companies to such an extent
tnat it may compel the companies to re
duce their present rates of passenger
transportation. Hitherto the action of
the board in this matter has been charac
terized by extreme caution and slowness
of movement. Yesterday it was resolved
to make an investigation of the books of
the companies as a preliminary move.
In the event of the companies refusing to
appear before the board with this informa
tion the case will be carried on a writ of
mandate to the Supreme Court, where a
decision may be expected within three
months.
Another highly important matter, the
approving of tlic present schedule of grain
rates on the Southern Pacific Railroad, in
troduced by Commissioner Stanton, was
briefly discussed, but on motion of Com
missioner I,a Rne, who feared inviting
contempt of court by coming into conflict
with Judge McKenna's injunction should
such an adoption be made, the question
was laid on the table for further considera
tion.
The board listened to the protest of An
drew J. Clunie aeainst the Southern Pa
cific's charge of 5 cents on the creek route
while on the regular ferry line the charge
was 10 cents. He said that this was a vio
lation of the law, and it was the tint* of
tbe boaid to insist on the company's
charging uniform rates on the ferry lines.
With regard to reducing the fares La
Rue said thai he did not think that there
could be any contempt of court in investi
gating the profits and expenditures of the
company, but he did believe such would
be the case if the board snould publish a
schedule of passenger rate-.
"If this di?criminaiion exists," said Mr.
Clunie, "it c<m be regulated without our
interfering with Judge McKenna's injunc
tion in any way."
Stanton was m favor of hearins evidence
on the matter, and suggested that a day
be set aside for this purpose.
Clunie said that the company had raised
the rate 5 cenis without notifying the
board of its intention, and that t/ua was a
violation of the State constitution.
La Rue and Clarke believed that action
on the matter should be postponed until
the injunction of Judge McKenna should
be dissolved. A vote~to postpone action
was carried.
Letters were rend from the different City
and County railway companies, in which
they denied that the Railroad Commis
sioners had any jurisdiction over them in
this reeard.
A letter was also read from Attorney-
General Fitzeerald stating that he was not
prepared to give an opinion as to whether
the board had a right to publish and main
tain a schedule of rates: that he would pre
fer to await the issue of the injunction
case, but that he would prepare subpenas
requiring the presence of the railway offi
cials before the board.
"I told *you at the time you requested
the Attorney-Genera! for this information,"
said Mr. Clunie, "that it was too close a
question for him to answer yet. If you go
ahead and get a test case "on a subpena
you wiil never get any closer to it. You
wiil never get at the merits of the case by
these mean:?.
. "If our information is correct the rail
way- have been charging exorbitant rate?
for the past three months. I want to say
to you that I have evidence from the books
of the railroad men tbemselves which will
enlighten you on this matter. If there is
a question of doubt it should be thoroughly
decided. The Attorney-General himself is
in doubt; he wants the matter decided by
the courts. If you are satisfied sfter in
vestigation that tne rates are too high and
decide to lower them, on their refusing to
do so you can carry the case to the Su
preme Court and net a decision there
within three months.
"This board." continued Mr. Clunie,
"has more power than any tribunal in the
State. Give the public the benefit of the
doubt in this matter at issue and take the
first step."
"They say," said Mr. La Rue, "that
street railway lines are not railroads."
It wcuid be no small matter to investi
gate this thing," said Mr. Clarke. "It will
require time and money."
•It will take no longer than ten days,"
said Mr. Clunie.
On motion of Dr. Stanton it was re
solved that the secretary be instructed to
prepare subpenas under the direction of
the Attorney-General to serve on the
officials of the Market- street Railway Com
pany, that the officials may bring such in
formation to tha board as it may require.
It was further resolved that the case
should come up for hearing at the next
meeting, August 5L /
This information will consist of such
items as bonded indebtedness, capital
stock, operating expensos. interest, tax
account, miles of road. etc.
"Could we proceed with the case
though," asked Or. Stanton, "should the
official- refuse to come?"
Mr. Clarke said that if they do refute
their refusal will constitute a test case.
On motion of Mr. Clarke Mr. Clunie was
requested to file a formal complaint with
tbe board against the present rates.
A letter was received from the Board of
Railroad Commissioners of lowa asking
the board's opinion as to whether ex
press rates are controllable by the Board
of Commissioners. The secretary was in
structed to write that in the opinion of
the board rates of express companies,
being rates of transportation companies
that work in with the railroad to the
detriment of slippers, are subject to ihe
control of the Hoard of Railroad Com
missioners.
A schedule of rates on grain and grain
bags sent by tbe Valley Railroad being in
consonance with the present system was
adopted.
Dr. Stanton submitted the following res
olution:
Whereas, This Boarc of Railroad Commis
sioners did on the 17th day of September.
1895, adopt and publish a schedule of
rates for the transportation of grain over ihe
lines of the Southern Pacific Company, and in
accordance with the law defining the powers
and duties of this commission served upon the
officers of said company copies of said grain
tariff, and ordered adopted by this board rela
tive thereto, and thAtsabarquent to this action
by this boani the Southern Pacific Company,
upon the representation that said rates were
unjust and unreasonable to that corporation,
made application to and secured from the
United States Circuit Court a temporary re
straining order, enjoining this commission
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
from reducing any of the rates ot said com
pany; and, whereas, the Southern Pacific Com
pany has at various times since the adoption
and publication of a grain tariff of that com
pany by which grain rates have been reduced
to amounts equal and in some instances ex
ceeding the percentage of reductions made by
this board; therefore
Saolved, That the following schedule of
rates be and are hereDy approved as the official
rates of the Railroad' Commissioners for the
transportation ot grain over the lines of the
Southern Pacific Company from and to sta
tions named therein, and it being the judg
ment of this board that the rates so approved
having been voluntarily reduced by the South
ern Pacific Company for the purpose of com
peting with another common carrier, it is
ordered that snch reduced rates shall not be
again raised or increased without the consent
of this Board of Railroad Commissioners.
To tnese resolutions were appended a
schedule of rates adopted by the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company.'
A complaint was read from San Diego
saying that the Sonthern Pacific had
abandoned that part of the road near
Teniecula. The railroad states that the
line was abandoned for reasons it deemed
reasonable and proper. The board will
leave for San Diego Saturday to investi
gate this matter.
FOR THE CONVENTION.
A Little Extra tffort To-Dsy Would
Bring the Subscription Up to the
Desired Mark.
The Christian Endeavorers of the City
are anxious to have an additional $1000 or
$1500 subscription to the convention fund.
To-day the guarantee limit expires and
the fund is still less than $25,000, the
amount required. Several subscriptions
are expected to-day, bringing the total to
$23,500 or $24,000.
Ail who can make a voluntary subscrip
tion are earnestly requested by the asso
ciation to do so to-day either to Mr. Mer
ritt of Miller 4 Lux. 508 California street,
The Call office, 910 Market street, or J. S.
Webster.
Following were yesterday's subscrip
tions:
Previously reported $21,242
Crocker-Woo, worth National Bank 100
Russ House 75
Hulse. Bradford A Co 50
Wa". lace Bradford 50
Eagieson A Co 50
Pacific Mutual Insurance Company.... 50
Cardinal & Marston. "The Original
Creamcrie 1 ' 50
Steam's Candy Factory 25
Voss, Conrad & Co 25
Goodyear Rubber Company 25
Total $21,742
HER SISTERS BONDS.
Lillian Ashley Could Not Secure Them
Te«terdmy.
Miss Lillian Ashley was busily occupied
yesterday in trying to secure bail for her
sister Emma. Pastor W. L. Birch as -is ted
her and applied to E. J. Baldwin, who em
phatically refused to become one of
Emma's bondsmen.
"The truth is," said Baldwin, "both of
these women (Liilian and Emma) are ad
venturesses, and I feel that I must pro
tect myself, as well as other men, from
being b'.a.-kmaile 1.
"I believe that Lillian joined the Cal
vary Presbyterian Church merely for
effect, and that the shooting at me in the
courtroom was deliberate and premedi
tated."
Miss Lillian Ashley says that it is her
desire to remain in San Francisco, and
that she thinks she will resume the mani
cure business. She is very anxious to get
her sister Emma out of jail and to secure
some employment for her brother.
Although Lillian applied to several gen
tlemen yesterday, she was not successful
in securing bondsmen for her sister. It is
expected that the amount of the bond,
which is now $5000, will be reduced by
Judge Slack.
STOCKHOLDERS MUST PAY.
Judgment Against the Anburndmle
Fruit, Raisin and Nut Company.
Judge Murphy yesterday gave E. C.
Clowes judgment against the stockholders
o: the Auburndale Fruit, Raisin and Nut
Company for 30 per cent of $2525 36.
Clowes in 1594 obtained judgment against
the corporation for that amount, but it
was ne7er satisfied. Hence he brought
suit apainst the individual stockholders.
As the stockholders had only paid in 30
per cent of tne capital stock of the corpo
ration they were only liabie for that per
centage of the judgment.
His Honor also allowed Clowes interest
on the claim at 7 per cent.
WORK FOR THE CARNIVAL
Arranging the Programme
for the Great
Event
A Big Musical Festival—Encourage
ment 1 rom the Far
South.
All arrangements for the big mass
meeting to be held this afternoon at 2:30
o'clock at the Chamber of Commerce have
been completed.
No set programme has been arranged
for the meeting. It was at first intended
to invite prominent speakers there, but
the executive committee deems it more
; advisable to allow those who attend to ex
j press their own views upon the subject.
The committee will state exactly what it
requires in the way of money to make the
thing a success, and what programme
they intend to present.
During the Monterey celebration General
Warneld made close observation as to the
amount of money expended in Monterey
immediately preceding and during the
I celebration. It Is estimated that the town
I gained not less than $300,000 in outside
money during the days of the celebration.
Oscar Boldemann of the executive com
mittee, who has been in San Diego during
the past week, has written to headquar
ters, stating that San Diego is with us on
the carnival proposition. The miiitia are
looking forward to visiting San Francisco
in carnival week, with their renowned City
Guard band, which is said to be one of the
finest in Southern California. The steam
ship company has been seen by the repre
sentatives of the militia company, and has
j agreed to make a very low rate both com-
I me and going.
William Greer Harrison of the Cali
fornia Music Festival Association has ad
dressed a communication to the executive
committee suggesting a grand popular
i concert at the Mechanics' Pavilion during
| the week of the carnival. He suggests
i that it would contribute greatly to the en
j tertainment of the people then gathered
i in San Francisco, and tne association sug
j gests that a chorus of about 1000 voices
| and an orchestra of about 100 instru
. ment&lists will be quite compatible with
! the present arrangements, with James L.
: Howe as conductor. To assist in the fes
: tival there will be a gathering of some of
| the best voices in the State to compete in
! contests which the Festival Association is
: arranging for. It is considered that this
| will insure not only a large but a very ef
! fective chorus. SoLsts of National reputa
tion will also be engaged.
The executive committee will meet to
night in the parlors of the California Ho
tel" to arrange a programme for the auction
sale of seats at the Columbia Theater on
Tuesday afternoon, July 14. Bonre very
novel ideas have been proposed In order to
attract a crowd. The Frawley company
j will put on for the benefit performance ti.e
I following Thursday one of the choicest
! pieces in their repertoire.
iM.v.ru- <* ranted.
Laura J. Forsyihe from William J. Forsythe,
for neglect, by Judge SI act. Plaintiff allowed
custody ot minor child.
Tv King of Pill's la Beecbam'a— Sxkcham's.
SAUSALITO AS A
PORT OF ENTRY.
Citizens of the Suburb
Are Now Getting
Ambitious.
FULL CARGOES UNLOAD.
The Steam Launch Hueneme
Stolen From Her Anchor
age at Tiburon.
COMANCHE TO BE IN3PECTED.
Afterward She Will Go On a
Day's Cruise Around the
Bay.
Sausalito is gradually growing in im
portance as a seaport, and as soon as Mc-
Kinley is firmly seated in the Presidential
cnair the intention of tbe authorities is to
Ihe American Ship Snow and Burgess, the First Vessel Which Has Ever Un
loaded a Full Cargo at a Wharf in Sausulito.
have it made a port of entry and thus be
on an equal footing with Oakland. At the
present time the largest fleet of American
and foreign ships ever tied up in the har
bor is at inchor in Richardson's Bay. Fre
quently British ships have discharged part
of their cargoes at the narrow-gauge
wharf, but it remained for an American
ship to be the first to dock fully loaded
ana discharge her cargo into the coal
bunkers.
The Snow & Burgess arrived here from
Sydney, N. S. W., a couple of weeks ajio,
and was at once towed to Sausalito. She
has a cargo of coal for the railroad com
pany and it is being gradually unloaded.
In a few days she will be empty. She will
go to Puget Sound in ballast to load lum
ber for Port Piri. Bhe is a very handsome
craft and was well known for years in the
New York and San Francisco trade.
The nn fortunate Blairmore is in trouble
again. Another attempt to raise her was
made yesterday, but it failed. Tne weigiit
placed on her bilge raised her a certain
distance, and then everything gave way
again and once more her masts rolled into
the mud. "Try, try, try again" is Captain
Burns' motto, and as toon as things can
be got into position again another attempt
will be made.
Guests from the Bald win- Hobart wedding
who went to Oakland after the ceremony
in the launch Amy had a rongh time of it.
Among the party were John Drew and
Miss Barrymore, the Messrs. and Misses
Tobin and several others. They wanted
to reach Oakland in time for the actors to
play at Macdooough's Theater, but, owing
to a bead wind and a heavy sea, they came
near to being late. The Amy pitched into
it, and several times she had' to be slowed
down in order to prevent the sea from
breaking over. Cantain Peterson knew
I his boat well, however, and landed tne
party, safe and sound, at Broadway wharf,
Oakland, et 7:15 p. m., thus giving Mr.
I Drew and Miss Barrymore three-quarters
of an hour to reach the theater and dress
for the performance.
The launch Hueneme was stolen from
her moorings at Tiburon last Tuesday
nieht and t.iere is now a hue and cry
after her along the front. Her owner was
at all the tugboat offices and reported the
matter to the Harbor Police. No trace of
the boat can be found, end Captain Dun
ieavy thinks that her disappearance will
prove to be as mysterious as that of the
Goat Island launch Periwinkle.
Once more the State tug Governor Irwin
is undergoing repairs. About a year a_o
new boiiers were put in, but the job was a
failure and everything has now again to
be renewed. Yesterday new engines and
boilers were b ing put in, and when the
work is completed the vessel is expected to
be as good as new.
The monitor Monadnock and the cruiser
Philadelphia both returned from Monte
rey yester lay. The Monadnock crept in
through the fog early in the morning an<i
no one saw her until she was off Lonfbard
street wharf. The cruiser took no chances
and remained outside until the fog lifted.
Crews from both vessels will take part in
the celebration in Portsmouth square to
day. A detail of sixteen Naval battalion
men from the Comancbe will tire the
salute.
The Comancbe is to be officially in
spected durinp the week. About twenty
tons of coai were put into her bunkers yes
terday, and s earn will be got on the boil
ers to-day. Probably on Saturday Cap
tain Sumner of the MonadnocK will go
all over the vessel, and the turrets will be
worked. After the inspection the mon
itor may be taken on a cruise around the
bay.
The steamer Monticello broke down on
her way from Vallejo yesterday. The
Vigilant took her place on the morning
ana evening runs, but everything will be
in good working order again to-day. After
Sunday next the Monticello will run reg
ularly'to and from Vallejo, leaving here
each Sunday morning at 10:30 and Vallejo
at 4 p. m., thus giving passengers a three
hours' stop at Mare Island.
By steamer to Alviso and thence by rail
through Santa Clara Valley is an assured
fact. The railroad company has secured
the right of way over the entire distance,
the rails are at Alviso and the piles for tbe
new wharf are at Vallejo, whence they
will be rafted to their destination. The
only tiling slopping the enterprise at tbe
present time is the Southern Pacific. It
has blocked the scheme at tbe Alviso
crossing, and an injunction suit is now
pending. In order to eet the octopus to
relent the Board of Trade of San Jose has
sent a delegation to San Francisco to in
terview General Manager Fillmore on the
subject, but the chances are that they will
not succeed, as the Southern Pacific is not
encouraging opposition.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Fines Imposed and Several Appoint*
menti Made.
The Fire Commissioners, in view of the
celebration to-day, held a special meeting
yesterday afternoon. John Devine, stoker
of engine 19, was lined three days' pay for
sleeping during his floor watch ou the
night of July 3. William Douglass, engi
neer of engine 19, was fined two days' pay
for neglecting to light a fare under his
boiler wnile responding to an alarm of fire.
Joseph McCarthy's resignation as driver
of engine 22 was accepted and H. A.
Smitb, hoseman of engine 32, was pro
moted to till the vacancy. J. C. Bndd was
appointed hoseman of engine 32; Joseph
Lee, hoseman of engine 22; Henry Mon
seese, hoseman of engine 17, and George
McAfee, hoseman of engine 33.
BANKS MAKE PROTESTS.
Assessor Siebe's Figures Are
Distasteful to the Cor
porations.
County Equal z-rs Asked to Make
Redactions Amounting to
Millions.
The assembly-room of the Board of Su
pervisors presented a busy scene all day
yesterday when several him i red tax-pay
ers called to pore over the books of the
Assessor and gather figures on which to
base protests to the County Board of
Equalization. Ail about ttie room huge
volumes were spread out, and a force of
clerks was busy taking off figures for the
future use of the Assessor and for publica
tion in the municipal reports.
The Supervisors did not meet as equal
izers, but a number of protests that
will be considered in the near future were
received.
The London and San Francisco Bank
and the bank of British Columbia objected
to their assessments on the ground that
the Assessor bad acted arbitrarily and that
his action in including among their sol
vent credits debts that are unsecured by
trust-deed mortgage or lien is illegal.
The foraier institution represents that
its solvent credits were assessed at $999,
--298, but that there should bave bee.i de
ducted 188,765, that being the total amount
of unsecured debt". Moreover, the bank
is assessed for $164,576 due from J. P.
Morgan & Co. of New York. The peti
tioner contends that this credit has no ex
istence in this State and should not be
taxed here. Amonj the items in the sol
vent credits on the Assessor's books is the
sum of $385,853 which appears on »he
books of the corporation as due from the
branch oflice. The petitioner declares that
this is "only a bookkeeping contrivance
whereby the bank is made neither richer
nor poorer."
Another item is the sum of $116,774, due
from the Portland branch office, and $428,
--539 due from the Tacoma branch office.
These items are characterized in the peti
tion as "bookkoeping devices for the con
venient transaction of business." The
total amount alleged *o be improperly as
sessed against the bank as solvent
credits is $1,107,360. The petitioner fur
ther asks that the sum of $10,000, being
the assessed valuation of the franchise, be
stpcken off the boots, because the only
franchise the bank has was obtained under
tne laws of Great Britain. According to
the petitioner's estimate the total a.<<e-s
--ment should be reduced from $1,196,125 to
$78,765.
In the case of the Bank of British Co
lumbia the stat»ii»c-nt is made in the pro
test that the assessment should be reduced
ffom $2,155,250 to $459,063.
The claim is made that all unsecured
debts, as well as $235,000 belonging to
numerous agencies, should be deducted.
!...>. 1. 0il Bit r.«iHniiiiti<.
Henry N'ehman, a bartender, was arrested
yesterday by Detectives Gibson and Wren on
the charge of petit larceny. He is accused of
stealing a silver watch and chain and mutch
box from G. A. R«pp, a roommate at 110 Sixth
street, last Tuesday.
MISSION FLATS
BEING FILLED IN.
Activity to Be Seen on All
Sides About the South
ern Hills.
BIG CONTRACTS LET.
The Potrero Land and Develop
ment Company Sets the
Pace.
OTHERS ALSO FALL IN LINE.
Workingmen Protecting Themselves
From Mr. Vinlng's
Greed.
The busiest section of San Francisco as
regards street improvements is that known
as the Potrero or Southern Heights.
Since the Potrero Land Improvement
Company started in to cut down Blue
Rock Hill on the "Western side of Ken
tucky street some three years ago the in
centive has been recognized by other prop
erty-owners, and to-day hiUs and mounds
are being removed and gulches and hol
lows are being brought to grade surface.
This improvement company is still at
work cutting down Tennessee. Minnesota
and Indiana streets and the property ad
joining thereto. There is sufficient work
in sight for this company's men, teams
and rolling-stock for tne next three years.
But when the work is finished tbe oldest
inhabitant of the Potrero wouid not recog
nize the place, so great will be the trans
formation effected on the old. bald hills
that frowned down on Mission Bay.
Further back on tbe western slope Con
tractor John Kelso has an army of men
grading Alameda street, from Potrero ave
nue to Fifteenth street eastwardly. To do
this work there is a big cat through the
hill required.
.Fifteenth street, from Nebraska to Bry
ant avenue, a distance ot hve blocks, is
being put in shape to be graded. A
little further off, on Hampshire street, be
tween Fi.teenth and Sixteenth, the same
contractor has another pang at work get
ting that place in presentable condition for
building purposes.
To do ail this there will have to be over
30.000 cubic ysrus of earth removed, which
will be dumpe<i into Mission Bay, or, more
correctly speaking, Mission mud flat.
Another progressive association which
has done much to bring South San Fran
cisco and the Potrero country into habit
able condition is the Real E-tate and De
velopment Company, which has continu
ously kept an army of men and horses at
work for the pa^t three years.
Tnis company has just finished grad
ing the block bounded by Missouri, Con
necticut, Eighteenth and Nineteenth
streets, and has moved its plant one block
further, between Missouri and Eighteenth
streets, where the cutting will be used to
fill in the hollow and bring Mariposa
street, from Pennsylvania to Indiana, a
distance of three blocks, up to grade.
Twenty-tifth street is being graded,
curbed, sewered and macadamized from
Nebraska to Kansas street by Warren &
Malley.
Much of the dirt taken from the cut
operate I by the Potrero Land Improve
ment Company is b ins: used by the
Arctic O:i Works, which company is fill
ing in the block recently purchased along
side of its present stores. When this fill
ing is done a substantial brick building
will be erected thereon for tank and stor
age purposes.
The Union Iron Works has the first
story of its new building above ground,
and will have it finished and occupied be
iore the winter sets in.
The construction of this building and
the converting of the old office into a
boiler-shop will necessitate some changes
in the railroad track and switches leading
into the company's yards.
On some of the newly made ground, as
also upon the graded streets, several neat
residence buildings are being erected for
those workingmen who have families, and
who have suffered so much perturbation
at the hands of Mr. Vmm? in his Eastern
methods of running streetcars. So nig
gardly has been the system ot transfers to
or from the residence portions of the City
and the Potrero that many have made up
their minds to build their own little
homes near to their work, where tbey wi.l
not be compelled to pay 20 cents % day for
1 the privilege of seeing their little "ones
I when their day's work is over.
NEW TO-DAT.
The world does n't stand
still. •
Six years ago - a New
York Ceylon tea company
said that Ceylon tea was
twice as strong as Japan
: tea, and better. It was so
then — such Japan tea as
Americans drank. .
But the Japanese drink
better tea, and they want
you to drink it to.
So/ three years ago/they
gave a big tea-exhibit at
the World's Fair and
served Japan tea as the
Japanese drink — deli-
cate, aromatic, inspiring.
, And now the Japanese
I tea-growers are sending
you their best — pure Ja-
pan tea, young tender
leaves, uncolored, unadul-
terated, delicate, strong, ~
money-back tea — Schil-
ling's Best
A Schilling Be. Cor Any
San Francisco v---*f t-'i, 10
DR. A. BARKAN
pßKpaßWWHMwllTHlßWipWilWWMWrM^WlßM|Biri|jirffl
HAM RETURNED FROM ETKOPE AND RE-
-L«- •timed practice at bis office, 14 Grant avenue.
: HEW to-pat;
That Pleasing I
if Paralyzing Pie! |
|. ■ - •*• ■ I
S> How good it looks! - How $>
% good it i 5!....:... And how it |1
|i> hurts. Why not look into the 'o[
|1> question of Pill after Pie? |»
<jj Eat your pie and take Ayer's |i
]•) Pills after, and pie will please (i
i) and not paralyze.' %
I AVER'S |
I Cathartic Pills
![ CURE DYSPEPSIA. S
NO CHEATING AT CARDS
Judge Campbell I>i-mif>se« the Caae
Against Saloon-Keeper Cawley.
William Cawley, saloon-keeper on Polk
and Me A lister streets, who was arrested
on Monday on tbe charge of robbery, had
his case dismissed by Judge Campbell yes
terday morning.
The charge grew out of a pofcer game m
Cawley'3 saloon. Cawley, If. Kinney. the
complaining witness, an -i H. Sanford were
playing Sunday nigh: when Cawley found
that Kir.ney was cheating nim by having
part of the deck of carJs on his knee. He
promptly pulled out his revolver and took
possession of th-i money he had lost.
The Judge in discussing the case said:
"If a footpad takes your ntor.ey fr^m you
at the point of a pistol, and you present a
pistol at him and take it back from him,
you couldn't be charged with robbery. So
if a man cheats you at cards and yoa take
back your money from him I don't con
sider that is robbery— at least I feel sure
no jury would convict. But I want it un
derstood that no man has a right to pull a
revolver upon another man, even if he
rinds him cheating at cards."
Fifty thousand tons of mahogany ar2
imported into England yearly.
NEW TO-LAT-AMUS£MENTS.
THEATRE I'KSS?
PACKED AUAIN LAST NIGHT.
L. B. STOCK WELL'S
p i^l<L R / AMERICANS
Mr. Hebbebt Ketcst, a k'Dr\ * T\
MiSS Kffie shannon- A I - XtU A L)
And the Star fast. (By V. Pardon).
Every Evening This Week. Matinee Saturday.
NEXT MONDAY
MR. FRKDK MISS ROSE
WARDS, GOGHLAN
AM) L. B. STOCKWELL'S PLAYERS,
Presenting a Magnificent Spectacular Production
of the Drama
O JLPll^ElSr !
New aad Elaborue Scenery. Specially .Designed
Costumes, and. above all. the Most Brilliant
Dramatized Version of the Story Yet
Broueat Oik. -
POPULAR PRICES WILL PREVAIL,
.■•eats Beady To-Day.
rRICDLAnOULWrnODa ©•YtsJriA.'orvuiMlitt—
London the V ery
Assurance! name
SERVES TO PACK THE HOUSE.
The Acme of All Great Plays, presented by
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
As They Alone Can. A Very Remarkable Cast.
Monday next— "THr. CHARITY BALL!"
because the whole town demands U.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mhb. t.e.Nia>TiMi AKxuNn. IToprieior <£ ±L*.ix-i£*i
THE GRAND OPERA SEASON.
Under the Direction of Mr. Gcstav Hixbichs.
—TO-NlGHT— Donizetti's Favorite Opera—
"H.TJ-OI.A.!"
*• (In Italian).
NATALI, DE VRIES. ABRAMOFF. PACHE,
BOVCE, NAPOELEONI, MULL in the Cast.
To-morrow and Sunday, '-ROMEO AND JULIRT"
Saturday Evening— "LUClA."
NEXT WEEK-' 1 EIGOLETTO."
PoDular Prices— 2sc and sOz.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater la Amsnc*.
WALTKB MOKOSHXJ. Sola Lease* »vi .Mttu***:
THIS EVENING- AT EIGHT,
The DUtingnlshed femed an,
— ,TULJ. MALTKKS
. . ', In His Up-To-Date --access.
-A. MONEY order:
■ ■ Supports by the Picfc of Our Company.
AN INSTANTANEOUS and *.>OII.UOUS
SL C< ESS !
T.xxsrsa t*Tttr»« Tin and 110.
family Circle and G«Ulerr. 10&
C«nal Jl».meß* Saturday ami Sandar.
: O'Farretl Street. Between Stocteton and Powelt.
Week Coin men cine aiondaV, July 6.
ANOTHEK OR AT BILLS— —
COLLINS & COLLINS.
THE KOSSUW MIDGETS,
THK FR; DKRIt KS TROUPE,
29— HIGH-GRADE AKTISTS! 29
LAST WEEK OF • -
BILLY VAN and the .-TEW ART SISTERS.
Reserved Seats, '.'sc; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
an. I Box seats. 60c ■
THE CHUTES, CASINO
And Greatest Scenic Railway on Earth!
EVERT AFTERS OON AND EVENING.
The Greatest Bill Ever Given in the City!
RUSSIAN COURT ORCHESTRA!
ABAGON. Quoin of Wire Walkers. : . .
SISSERIETTA JONES, the "Black PatU."
PROF. MACAET'S BABOON. DOG
. AND MONKEY CIRCCS, and th«
; MARLO-DUNHAM FAMILY.
ADHiS-lOX 1O CENTS. -
Children, including Meiry-Go-Round Ride, 5 cents.
gutter §Jatß
GRANn CONCERT EVERY 'AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING THIS WEEK
BY GAULIOSE BAND.
-SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS DAILY.—
ADMISSION—
Adults. 10c — Children. sc.
TBESIWOFIIESEASOJ
THE LADIES" GRILL ROOM
— — Olf THE ' '"'•'• ■'-'
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARHI St
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
78
"A DISGRACE TO
OUR CIVILIZATION."
Judge Campbell's Comments
on the Lack of Usury
Laws.
MRS. E. P. FERRY'S CASE.
She Was Charged Interest at the
Rate of 3 Per Cent
Per Month.
USURERS ARE BADLY SCORED.
lac Complainant Repeats the Story of
the Raid Made Upon Her Fur
niture and Eff:cts.
The search-warrant case of Mrs. E. P.
Ferry, 1107 Bush street, against John W.
F inn, auctioneer, 321 Gutter street, came
on for hearing before Judge Campbell
yesterday afternoon. Mrs. Ferry was rep
resented by Attorney McGowan and Fiinn
by Attorney Countryman.
Mrs. Ferry detailed the raid made by
Flinn and six or eight of his men last
Thursday afternoon upon her furniture
and other effects, as already published.
The document by which Fiinn claimed
the right to denude the house of ail its
chattels and throw them into the street
was put in evidence. It was an ironclad
note and agreement by Mrs. Ferry to S.
Jacobson, dated April 16, 1?96, promising
to repay the $1000 borrowed within six
months, she to pay interest at the rate of
S per cent per month, compounded, and if
at any time the interest should be over
ton had the right to seize the
furniture by force without any other pro
cess of law.
When the Judge read the document he
was wiid with indignation, and spoke his
mind freely and forcibly.
"This is* an abominable outrage," he
said, "upon an unsuspecting woman. It's
-.tee to civilnation that in this State
we have no usury laws lite other States.
No man should be permitted by law to
charge more than 8 percent interest, and
the sooner we have a law passed to that
effect the better.
"For a temporary loan of $1000 upon
furniture -aid to be worth six times the
amount this lady is charged the mon
strous sum ol $36 per month. It's a shame
and disgrace to our boasted civilization,
and such men as Asa FUke and others
who charge these exorbitant rates should
be driven out oor. r the town. They are al
most as bad as Shylock. Three per cent
per montti compound interest! Why, its
monstrous!
•And then if the interest should be a day
overdue this unfortunate woman's furni
ture can be seized, thrown into the street,
1-laced in some second-hand store and sac
linced for what it will bring:. It's not
right and it must be remedied.'
Mrs. i'erry testified that she had offered
to pay Flinn the interest several times,
but he had refused to take it as he insisted
upon having the principal and nothing
Attorney Countryman raised an objec
tion tfca; the complaint was defective in
asmuch as tbe law provides that in a
swell warrant there must be a deposition
as well as an affidavit by the complainant.
In this case there was no deposition.
Tne Jud?:e, after argument, said he
decision on the point this
afternoon, and ii weii taken Mrs. Ferry
could procure another search warrant and
inar.e her deposition.
Attorney Countryman wanted to cross
examine Mrs. Ferry, Claiming that from
her own mouth he would show that Fiinn
acted within bis rights, but the Judge
would not permit him in view of his od
jection to the warrant.
A BAY AT THE EMPORIUM
Shopper* Find Comfort and Attractive
Bargains at Their Clearing
Sale.
Comfort ;n shopping is something to be |
desired and it ia evident that the ladies of !
ttis City have found that the spacious !
Emporium is an ideal place in this parti- I
cular. Be- this feature is least of the
store's attractions just now, for they have
just inaugurated their first summer clear
ing sale. The extensive number of de
partments and the consequent great va
riety of goods to be obtained at this great
store makes it now more than ever the
Mecca of iadies on their shopping expedi
tions.
This is the first dealing sale of the house
since its opening, and tne management
state that v is their intention to make the
occasion one long to be remembered. At
the prices they have been asking they say
they nave been giving extra values, but
now. at this sale, everytning is maried
down so low that all who are fortunate
enough to take aovanwee of it will obtain
bargains rarely found either in this City
or elsewhere. Mr. Harper, the manager
of the Emporium, yesterday, whiie show
ing a Call representative through the
mammoth establishment, called attention
to a few of the articles being offered, as
weli as the prices being asked for same,
and said that the few illustrations cited
were samples of the cuts made in every
Jihe and every department. He showed
some dress eoods as iow as 15 cents per
yard, fancy checked taffeta silks at 25 cents
j-er yard, beautiful sheer Scotch dimities
at 8 cents per yard and novel lappet lace
dimities, which, he said, were among the
highest novelties of the season, at 15 cents
per yard.
For the ladies ready to wear depart
ments Mr. Harper called special attention
to genuine imported gowns of the finest
aimity. made in Paris by a famous dress
maker, and which they are selling at from
$:i5 each up. Paris millinery in abundance
is being offered for a mere song while
fcilk-lmed ladies' jackets at $8 90 and all
wool capes at 98 cents each are amon: the
other wonderful values seen at this sale.
One item in the clothing department, viz. :
Suits for boys from Bto 14 years old at;
$2 65, is a sample of the great reductions
mad* there. A leading feature in the fur
niture and carpet department is the pres- i
ent sale of the best body Brussels carpet
at vSO cents per yard, it would require col
umns to give extended mention of the
many bargains to be obtained at the Em
porium during this great clearing sale,
but the few just mentioned will suffice to
give a slight idea of the earnestness of the
Management to make this -ale one long
to be rememberd because of the wonder
iul values that are and will be offered.
lar i .rui,*.«i Unit.
Tames Sylvester.theSlskiyou County counter
feiter sentenced « few days ago to ten years at
San Quenun, applied to Judge Morrow yester
day for bail pending the hearing of the writ
of error now before the United States Supreme
Court. The convicted man was willing to put
--'~i,ooo as a guarantee :of hi» presence
w!:i':i desired, bat the District Judge could not
see ii mat way. .Sylvester must remain in jail
until the higher court passes on the merits of
his appeal. • It is possible that the ball-matter
' win also be carried to the Supreme Court, in
" which event Sylvester expects to I receive the
•same treatment accorded Warren E. Price,' the
- Market street bookseller, convicted of using
the mails illegally, and who secured his tem
porary release from San Quentin pending his
application for a rehearing of the case.
ASKED TO CO-OPERATE.
The Board of Health Plans a Solution
of the Local Quarantine
Muddle.
As the result of a conference held.last Sun
day night with the United States quaran
tine officer stationed at this port the Board
of Health sent the following telegram to
the Secretary of the Treasury at Washing
ton, D. C, yesterday :
Dear Sir: For the better enforcement at the
harbor o; San Francisco of the Federal and
>-ate quarantine regulations, and as the State
laws require that the local quarantine officer
shall first board all vessels subject to inspec
tion, the Board of Health of this City, desiring
to co-operate with the Federal authorities in
this bebalf. suggests that the local quaran
tine officer shau first board such vessels, and
thereafter the proper msoection of such ves
sels shall be made conjointly by the Federal
officer detailed for that purpose and the local
quarantine officer. Dr. John F. Morse,
Ittt. G. J. Fttsgisbon,
Dr. Hekby H. Hart,
Dr. J. M. Williamson.
Though no reply has been received by
the board the members express confidence
that the Federal authorities will set the
matter in its proper light and instruct lbs
local officer to co-operate as the letter sug
gests. _
tfr r*«f ft* c.ineii
Darling Aild, 73 years of age, living at 562
Brvant street, made an unsuccessful attempt
to end his life yesterday morning. His wife
died about a year ago. and since then he has
felt so lonely and despondent that yesterday
morning he took a knife and made a cut in his
throat. It hurt him so much that he desisted.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
the wound was stitched and dressed, and he
was cent home. Aild worked in the Union
Iron Works for many years. He has two mar
ried daughters In the City.
IMPRESSIONS OF AN ENTHUSIASTIC ARTIST.
CANNOT DELIVER LETTERS
Local Firms Prohibited From
Competing With Uncle
Sam's Carriers.
This Action Will Swell Considerably
the Revenue of the Local
Postoffice.
Inspector in Charge Manro is fn receipt
of a ruling from the Postmaster-General,
which will swell considerably the revenue
of the local Postoffice, and incidentally
shorten the income of several enterprising
firms.
The particular case in question, how
ever, is the application of the Merchants'
Special Bill Delivery Company, 2107 Mason
street, to operate a general delivery sys
tem on a cheap scale in San Francisco and
adjacent towns. It was proposed to have
a central office, guaranteeing patrons at
least ore delivery each day. Particular
attention was to have been paid to monthly
bills, receipts and notices of all kinds. For
this service a 50 per cent redaction was
guaranteed. In other words the Mer
chants' Special Bill Delivery Company
would charge only 1 cent as against the
Government's 2 cents. To boost the scheme
it was pointed out that some half a dozen
firms were already engaged in a similar
business.
The local authorities submitted the
whole matter to the Postmaster-Genera),
the latter deciding that sucn a scheme was
clearly a violation of the postal laws. In
support of this position be refers to sec
tion 654 of postal laws and regulations,
which nays:
"Nothing herein contained shall be con
struei to prohibit the conveyance or trans
mission of letters or packet* by private
hands without compensation, or by spe
cial messenger for the particular occasion
only."
It ia said that there are several privmt*
firms in San Francisco conducting a deliv
ery business along the lines suggested by
the Merchants' Special Bill Comoanv
The matter will be looked into carefully
by Mr. Manro and the law stringently en
forced.
• — ♦ — •
<11..r(i.,-(;tint.l • «»TT»r-».
The office of the Attorney-General will be
moved next week from 419 California street to
the new Parrott building. The new quarters
will include half a dozen large rooms on the
filth floor. The furniture and law library of
Mr. Fitzgerald will be moved on Monday next.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
IT WAS PITCH
AND NOT HONEY.
The Newsboys Had a Pic
nic Near Lotta's
Fountain.
A TERRIBLE SETBACK.
The Bursting of a Barrel Affords
Amusement for the
People.
MICKEY O'BRIEN'S PHALASX.
They Besmear tbe Car Tracks and
Decorate a Policeman With
Sticky Pitch.
Mickey O'Brien, the street arab who hit
a streetcar conductor with a brick the
other day because he kicked him off a
Third-street car, quit selling papers yes
terday afternoon.
He was too busy having fan, and this
being a week of holidays anyhow he added
one day to the list and had a merry picnic.
The pleasure was so much greater that
it was unexpected.
A well-laden truck, piled high with gro
ceries and topped with a forty-gallon cask
of honey, slowly rattled no Market street.
Suddenly there was a lurch, the cask wob
bled and toppled, falling to the basalt
pavement ten feet below.
The impact was so great that the barrel's
head flew oat and what the boys took to
be bright, limpid honey emptied itself at
the shnne of Lotta's fountain.
There were fifty newsboys around at the
time, and they immediately suspended
business to engage in pastime more agree
able.
"Talk 'bout your land c' sunshine, fruit
an' flowers!" exclaimed Mickey; "get on
to yer land o' honey."
There was a wild scramble. Mickey and
his business competitors made a rush and
came together in the most approved style
of football mix-ups.
Little, dirty hands scooped at) the juicy,
toothsome liquid, clothes, none too clean
before, were besmeared, and eager mouths
were filled with nasty, dirty pitch.
Oh ! but it was such a comedown. In
stead of sweet honey it was mouth-puck
erine pitch.
Tne first disappointment over, the news
boys made the best of it by adapting
themselves to circumstances.
It was late in the afternoon, when the
people were rushing to catch their cars.
Everybody was homeward bound, whether
toward the ferries or toward the park, and
as usual Lotta's fountain was the most
sought-for point of embaikation on the
streets.
In the crush of humanity the emptied
barrel and the pond of pitch passed un
noticed. The newsboys assisted in the de
ception by standing everywhere and in
everybody's road. To reach the cars the
peop.e bad to rush and mire themselves
in the sticky spill.
Ladies, with dresses trailing, babies
toddling by their sides, waded through
the gummy stuff only to find themselves
hopelessly stuck before being
by willing hands on the outer edge.
This i>itch was not of the watery brand
easily got rid of, but rather of the pine
nitch kind that knows how to take hold.
One unfortunate lady, in a hurry to
catch the ferry to Oakland, plnnged right
into the pool. The crowd yelled with de
light at her discomfiture while she was
trying to become loosened. She was ter
ribly embarrassed and flurried. In her
excitement she slipped. The newsboys
were in their glory. Down she fell, and
thearabs were in their serenth heaven.
But the poor woman was-a pitiable sight.
A lew sympathizers helped her out, and
incidentally got somewhat "stuck on her"
themselves.
As the night grew on 10.000 people must !
hare looked down that empty barrel, each
person getting the soles of his ftet more •
or tesa glued to the pavement.
Mickey O'Brien discovered that the j
electric cars running down Kearny street ■
flashed electric sparks when passing over I
that part of the territory where the pitch !
covers the rails, he soon got his squad of ;
boya together and the lot, armed with
sticks, began smearing the. rails half way ■
to Post street. The result was moat grati- i
fying. The electiic current sent out bright j
bine spalterinfrs that lighted the entire j
street to the delieht of the urchins.
But Mickey ran foul of policeman 821,
MM came on duty at 6 o'clock. He had
gathered a cupful of the pitch and was
carefully daubing the stone posts about !
tue fountain, daubing them so that to sit ;
on any one of them while waiting for a car i
meant to sit there ad infinituni or else '
leave part of one's raiment behind. Th«
officer grabbed Mickey by the back of the
neck and the bosom of his pantaloons and
rubbed the itinerant newspaper vender's
nose in the pool of pitch with which he
had been harine bo much fun.
But the phalanx which Mickey headed
was not inactive durine this time. They
let fly their sticEs covered with pitch at
the hostile policeman, and now he will
have to get another uniform.
One or two bicycle riders ran fonl of
the dangerous pool and met with mishaps.
The pitch in quantities proved as slip
pery an ice and the wheels went from un
der their riders.
A few ladies who inadvertently stepped
in the slush fond that their skirts had an
unusual fondness for tbeir ankles. Men
with loose boots lejt them behind, and
scores of ludicrous situations recompensed
the newsboys for their own misadventure
in eating pitch for succulent honey.
GENERAL WARFIELD WINS
The Point of Seniority in the
National Guard Is De
cided.
The Attorney-Genera! Does Not Up
bold tie Claims of General
Holler.
The question as to who is the senior
brigadier-general of the National Guard
of California has been settled. When Gen
eral Dimond went East and after his dtath
Brigadier-General Muller assumed com
mand ;of the State troops, Brigadier-Gen
eral Warfield was of the opinion that
he was entitled to the position and the
matter was submitted to Adjutant-General
Barrett, who in turn consulted with Attor
ney-General Fitzgerald. The latter yes
terday sent the following opinion to the
adjutant-general. It is favorable to the
claims of General Warfield :
iTon. A. W. Barrett, Adjutant-General, Secra
nento. Cat.— Dear Sir: lam in receipt of your
favor of the 16th inst. in which you state that
General Muller was retired under the provis
ions of section 2003 of the Political Code as
amended in 1895 (3tau. 1895, p. 186), which
reads at follows:
The National Guard or the State of California is
hereby organized into three brigades, each com
manded by a bri«a<ier-general. the limits of each.
brigade to be fixed by the Commander-In-Chier.
Brisadter-geoerals and tbeir staff officers deprived
of their office by reason of the reorganization here
by provided for, are hereby placed on the retired
list with meir rank.
That thereafter, on the 15 th day of May, 1895.
General R. H. War field was commissioned as
Brigadier-General; and that subsequently, on
October 10, 1595, General Muller, then -upon
the retired list, was. appointed brigadier-gen
eral of the Third Brigade "to r*nk from No
vember 16, 1591." In reply to your question
as to which of these gentlemen,- in view of a
leave of absence granted to the Division Com
mander, "should be in command of the divis
ion," I am of the opinion that this duty de
volves upon General Warfieid. -
Paragraph 13. found in article 111 of the rules
and regulations ot the National Guard (p. 69).
provides that "Officers and non-commissioned
officers rang in each grade In accordance with
the date given in their commissions or war
rants."
Subdivision 5 of section 1973 of the Political
Code provides that "officers on the retired
list shall on all occasions of duty and all oc
casions of ceremony take rank next to officers
of like rank upon the active list." It is mani
fest from these provisions that while General
Muller was upon tne retired list he ranked be
low General Warfield, who was upon the active
list.
The subsequent appointment of General
Muller to the command of the Third Brigade
was not In the nature of a reappointment or
reinstatement as bridadler-general. but was
in effect an original appointment to that rank,
and could not, therefore, affect the relative
positions ot himself and General Warfieid.
That portion of General Muller't commission
which provided that he should "rank from
November 16,1891," was not authorized by any
law of this State or any regulation of the Na
tional Guard, and was, for that reason, sur
plusage. Therefore General Warfield is. in
my opinion, "the senior brigadier-general en
titled to the command of the division." .: ■
THE REVISED RULES
Concerning the Appointment of Teach- i
ers and Contagious Diteases.
Among the new rules recently adopted .
by tbe Board of Education ia section 131,
which reads as follows:
Pupils who are affected with, or in whose
families there may be any contagious or in
fectious disease, including scarlet fever,
diphtheria, whooping cough, cholera, con- ■
sumption, opt h aim Ia (sore eves), scabies (itch), |
etc., shall not be allowed to remain in or to <
return to school, except that the certificate of
the physician, countersigned by the Health
Officer, that there is no danger of contagion or
infection, or that the danger has passed, may
authorize the principal* of schools to receive
such pupils.
The only new feature in this rule is that
it enumerates the list of so-called "con- ;
tagious diseases."
Dr. Clinton, who is on* of the active
members of the Board of Education, ex
plained that this rule was hastily adopted
and would be revised at the next session of
the Directors, so as not to exclude from
admission into the public schools the chil
dren of consumptive parents. "The old
rule," said Dr. Clinton, "was the same in
substance, only it did not specify what
diseases were included under the head of
'contagious.' Measles should also be
added to the list of contagious diseases."
Concerning the appointment of teachers
tbe Board of Education has adopted a new
rule, providing that "when the day sub
stitute class (of thirty-six teachers) falls
below twenty-four each Director shall
nominate two candidates for tbe vacancies,
who shall then pass an examination."
Under the old rule the responsibility of
ti;e examination and the appointments
was vested chiefly in a committee of the
faculty of the University of California.
CRESS FROM THE SWAMP.
Rancher MrDonough Reprimanded for
Allowing Hit Coira to Feed In
the »an Bruno Mormas.
Patrick McDonougb. who was com
plained of by Milk Inspector Dockery for
allowing his cows to graze in the San
Bruno marshes, was before the Board of
Health yesterday to show cause why his
permit to sell mUk should not be revoked.
He testified that he had set a man to
watch his cattle and see that they did not
feed in unclean places, but that' his em
ploye bad neglected his duties.
He was reprimanded and told that a re
petition of his offense would result in his
losing his license.
Dr. Morse, while explaining that it was
about time to make an example of some
one in the matter, stated that the pest
house sewer emptied iuto the morass in
which the cows were feeding, and also
that he had heard that the watercress
used in many of tbe local restaurants was
from near the mouth of the
drain.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. _,_r._-...-i r, - - — ■ ~" — "
ij ft
: l ' ■ ■ ij,
f -^®x>.^^ ■
[ Here they are. Fifty-seven and a half cents on |
If the dollar of wholesale cost. Help yourselves. You
4 ■• |
'V know a good thing when you see it. ]
1 _ ft
i ill
j I BANKRUPT Etc.
i I 25c SILVER NOVELTIES 5c
f 403 SILVER NOVELTIES 10c
I • 98c GOLD-LINED SILVER MUGS.. 25c
f 150 SILVER NOVELTIES, MIR-
( 1 RORS, ETC 1 50c
11 I 50c LADIES' WHITE KID BELTS. «0c
i SILK POMPONS, per doe 13c
1 I 15c ANTI-BILIOUS PILLS 5c
1 10c HORN DRESSING COMBS 2c
i | 20CHOYT'S CORN CURE.... 5c
I 25c VELVET HATBRUSHES 10c
• 30c QUININE PILLS... 5c
I $1 DR. KOCH'S SARSAPARILLA.. 50c
• 200 FLORIDA WATER 12^c
[ 40c VIOLET WATER or COLOGNE 25c
152 SUEDE MOUSQUETAIRES 81.25
[ $150 KID GLOVES •1.00
'f* 55 50 White CALIFORNIA BLANK-
; yflj ETB 83.65
| : 75c COLORED and BLACK SILKS. 35c
1 I 50C FANCY DRESS GOODS «5o
| i SOC BLACK DRESS GOODS ... 29c
j t f 75C BLACK AND COLORED VEL-
VETS 26c
I 4 75c COLORED SURAH SILKS 35c
fi i -
f ' 20c COLORED DRESS GOODS 10c
! i U 3to 7 inch White EMBROIDERIES
* 6 f ..;. 3^ctolsc
1 25c DRESS TRIMMINGS 5c .
j • 20c CREAM ORIENTAL LACE.... B}so
HATS TRIMMED TO ORDER 50c
it
lit . ,-■■■■■ .-,;
■
'4iJP.&tfpjidP&& : $ ! -
BISHOP HENDRIX HERE.
Came to Accept a Large Dona
tion for the Methodist
Church South.
Land Given by Rev.- Winters of Hol«
lister— Will Preach Here and
in Oakland.
E. R. Hendrix of Kansas City, Mo.,
bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church
South, arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Bishop Hendrix came to California a
short time ago to arrange for the transfer
to the board of missions of his church of
property valued at 1*25.000 and consisting
of 300 acres of choice land in Santa Clara
Valley. The property is the gift of the Rev.
W. M. .Winters of Hollister, San tfenito
County.
After completing the business at Hol
lister Bishop Hendrix, who is accompanied
by his wife, visited Monterey, Dal Monte
and Santa Cruz and then came here.
Next Sunday morning he will preach in
Dr. Briggs' pulpit in this City and in the
evening will preach in Oakland. On Mon
day he will start for home by way of Salt
Lake and Denver.
Last fall he passed through San Fran
cisco on his way from China bearing a
message from the great Chancellor, Li
Hung Chang, to the United States. It
was just after tbe massacre of the mission
aries that he saw tbe wonderful old Chi
nese statesman.
"He said to me in that interview," re- j
marked the Bishop yesterday, " 'Say to
the American people for me to send out
more missionaries for the schools and hos- j
pitals, and I hope to be in a position both
to aid and to protect them.' That they
were not idle words appears from his
edict shortly afterward removing compli
cations interfering with the Christian re- !
ligion. You know, Grant after bis tour of
the world said that he had met three great
statesman — Gladstone, Bismarck and Li
Hung Chang. He is certainly a wonder- !
ful man. His insight into the affairs of |
nations is remarkable. As soon as 1 was
presented to him he began asking the \
most analytical questions in regard to men !
and governments I had recently yisited.
"I said, 'I hope you will come to Amer- j
ica some time and see our people.'
" 'I am an old man,' he replied, 'but I !
may travel yet. Would you let me run for I
President? 1 he asked, laughing. 'Xo,' I j
said, 'but we might let you run for a ,
Cabinet position.' 'Ah! that would do,' |
replied the agsd statesman.
"He has built two hospitals himself and |
is deeply interested in educational work. '
Ot) to the time I saw him he had been out
of China but once and then only to Japan, !
but his present trip I have no doubt will j
result in a visit to America, ana pernaps I
to San Francisco on his way home."
Bishop Hendrix is one of the nine I
bishops of his church in the United States. !
During President Grant's administration
toe visited the foreign missionary fields
and made a report. Subsequently he vis
ited Europe with personal letters from
Grant to persons of prominence.
Court *••*«•-
Jesse T. Tate has applied for letters of admin
istration on the estate of Joseph £. Taber, who
died July 1 leaving property valued at about
$9100.
Dennis Murray y»tterday petitioned for let
ters of administration on the $2000 estate of
Margaret Murray.
Charles D. Cushing has been granted special
letters of administration on the estate of Mary
Emma Lawtoo, with bonds fixed at #3700.
! BMRIPT WASH GOODS
We guarantee if you'll step
down In our basement salesroom
to-day we can show you more
Wash Goods than you'll find in
the three largest stores in this
city, and at least 42% per cent
less in price.
10c CHKiKED, STRIPED FLAN-
NELETTE- 5c
j 10c DIMITIES, fin« colors 5c
lOC FIGURED LAWNB 5c
12^c WOVEN FLANNELETTES... B«^c
10c Red and Blk FLANNELETTES 5c
10c NEOPOLITAN WASH CREPES 5c
15c MILLHOUSE GRASS LINENS. . B>£c
: 15c CREPE GRENADINES B^c
12>^cWARD0UGH CREPONS 7J^c
15c DIMITY CORDULETTE. 10c
19c IRISH CHECKED DIMITIES.. 10c
20c JACONETTE3 or DIMITIES.... 12^o
25C DIMITY or ORGANDIES 150
40c and 50c ORGANDIES AND
SUI6SE 300
75c Imported French FLANNELS 25c
85c Bleached TABLE LINEN 43c
94 50HUCK TOWELS, dozen 53. 75
fl CRASH, per piece 65c
$10 JACKETS, in basement »S 95
£20 JACKETS, in basement 53. 95
$25 PLUSH JACKETS, in basement 55.00
98c RED WOOL UNDERWEAR... 4Sc
HATS TRIMMED TO ORDER 50c
1 fwwi i: t?! \
1 1 1 iky \ i 1 >
I "Pass Your Plate." . §
I PLUG 1
* Prices of all commodities I
> have been reduced except tobacco* >
I "Battle Ax is up to date. |
I Low Price; High Grade; Delicious $
S Flavor* For 10 cents you get 5
\ almost twice as much "Battle
« Ax " as you do of any other high £
I grade plug. |
"THOUGHTLESS FOLKS HAVE THE HARDEST
WORK, BUTOUICK WITTED
PEOPLE USE
SAPOLIO
FOR SALE TO BE REMOVED.
rvi WO HOUSES, 10 ROOMS AND BATH KACH.
aid l£!i*S!! n * ov I™*1 ™** 1 V»n rfess avenne
ana Franklin. • fhrap " l 3PWw«taill!iaraiiiiJi|i^'iii.iitL
O. H. UMBSEX * CO., 1* Montgomery sue*;.
! BMKRUPTJOSE, ETC. \\
50c LADIES' BALBRIGGAN UN- i
DERWEAR :... 19c M >
$1 75 MISSES' WOOL UNION SUITS 50c (
50c LADIES' FANCY VESTS. 25c
$1 PINK AND BLUE VESTS. 50c - J]
30c LADIES' BLACK H05E........ 150
50c LADIES' FANCY HOSE 25c \\
| 20c LADIES' GRAY MIXED HOSE 13»£c
I 20c MISS BLACK HOSE 10c j (
I 20c INFANTS' BLACK HOSE 1O«
i $2 Children's GINGHAM DRESSES 98c j ■
i 35c LADIES' EMBROIDERED 1!
HANDKERCHIEFS 15c 11
$5 BLACK FIGURED ALPACA M
SKIRTS 83 45 1
500 Ladies' STRAW SAILOR HATS 25c ii i
50c and 75c Ladles' STRAW HATS 10c ™
54 LADIES' WALKING HAT 5. .....81.75 I
$20 LADIES' TRIMMED HATS... 87.50 '
SI 00 LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS.... 50c ( |
$2 25 LADIES' FINE WAISTS 81. OO ' '
' $2 LINEN COLOR PETTICOATS.. BI.OO (
I $10 LADIES' TAILORED 5U1T5... 85. 00 (l '
55 LADIES' FANCY CAPE 5 ........ 81. 9 5
$6 LADIES' TAN COATS 82.95 II
56 CHILDREN'S JACKETS 53. 95
! 55 CHILDREN'S JACKET 5........81.95. .......81.95 M
250 box of ENVELOPES 25c
I 130-page WRITING TABLETS.... 5o |
I 500 sheet* TOILET PAPER 2J^c
I I
NOTARY PUBLIC.GRAIN RATES
SLASHED AGAIN.
Traffic Manager Mess
Wields the Bowie With
Telling Effect.
CUT TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Fifty Cents a Ton From Stockton
to Vallejo, Port Costa or
This City.
DEAL WITH A WATER-CARRIER
The New Schedule Went Into Opera
tion Yesterday and Is the
Lowest on Record.
Rates were put into operation by the
Pan Francisco and San Joaquin Valley
Railway Company yesterday that will per
mit shipments to be made direct to San
Francisco, Port Costa or Vallejo, as well as
to Stockton, from any point which that
railroad touches; and more than this, such
shipments will take a cheaper rate than
has ever before been enjoyed by the pro
ducers of the section benefited.
These new rates to San Francisco, Port
Costa and Vallejo are made 'n connection
with the California Navigation and Im
provement Company, which will operate
a line of steamers, as oatJined in The Call
yesterday, between Stockton, San Fran
cisco, Vallejo and Port Costa.
In its latest tariff, made to meet the
competition of the Valley road, the South
ern Pacific Company quoted larjrely re
duced rates not only to Stockton, but to
Port Costa, Vallejo and San Francisco,
notwithstanding that the Valley road had
quoted rates to StocKton only. By the
new Southern Pacific schedule the rate
between Siockton and Vallejo or Port
Costa was fixed at 50 cents, and between
Stockton and San Francisco at $1. It was
to meet these rates of the Southern Pacific
to San Francisco, Vallejo and Port Costa
that the traffic arrangement with the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company was made.
The latest schedule of the Valley road
more tiian meets the cut of its bin rival!
It makes an all-round rate of 60 cents per
ton from Stockton to either Vallejo, Port
1.-ta or San Francisco. The schedule in
full ia as follows:
These rates apply to grain in carloads of
24,000 pounds and upward, and are in
cents per ton of 2000 pounds. They went
into effect yesterday. The rates quoted
beyond Stockton are subject to changes in
traffic arrangements with carriers .by water
from that point.
In this schedule is also included a reduc
tion of 5 cents from Empire to Stockton.
This is now $1 10. The reduction was
made to meet the if 1 10 rate quoted by the
Southern Pacific from Modesto, which
station is in connection witn both Clau
ston and Empire of the Valley road.
Up to July 1 of thi9 year the steamer
rate for grain from Stockton to Port Costa,
Vallejo or Sau Francisco was 75 cents per
ton, but on the first of the present month
(>0 cents was quoted from Stockton to Port
Costa and \ allejo and 50 cents to San
Francisco, so that the new rates make a
reduction on even the previous steamer
rates.
TO-DAY FOR OUR OWN FLAG
Fac-simile of Commander Mont
gomery's Official An
nouncement.
Ceremonies to Take Place in Brenbam
Place at Noon Under Auspices
of the Exempts.
As previously announced the ceremony
of the hoisting of the American flag over
Yerba .Buena or San Francisco will be
commemorated to-day at noon in Bren
ham place under the auspices of the Ex
empt Firemen.
Through the kindness of P. J. Healy, the
antiquarian bookseller of 203 Powell street,
The Call is enaDled to present to its read
ers this morning a copy of the original
document notifying Vice-Consul Leides
dorff that Captain Montgomery would on
the morning of the 9th of July, 1846, hoist
the flag of the United States "and salute it
with twenty-one guns from the ship Ports
mouth.
The following resolutions were adopted
yesterday by the Society of Old Friends:
Wherkas, The fiftieth anniversary of the
hoisting of the American flag on the Plaza
(Portsmouth square} in Verba Buena (San
Iranclsco) by the gallant Captain Montgomery
and his gallant sailorß of the United States
man-of-war Portsmouth occurs on the 9th d«v
of July, 189(5 : be it therefore y
Resolved, By the Society of Old Friends in
regular meeting assembled, in Norman Hall
413 Bush street, that we view with satisf*<>
tion, pride, gratification and feelings of pa
triotism the stand taken by the Exempt Fire
men of this City in celebrating that historic
event by appropriate exercises on Thursday,
the 9th day of July. 1896, on the very spot on
ihe Plaza on which tiie American flag" was first
Looted on the 9th day of July, 1840.
Itcxnlved, That the members of the Society of
Old Friends toke part in the patriotic exercises
to be held on the day named, commencing at
12 o'clock, noon, on the Plaza, Kearny, CJay,
Washington streets and Brenham place, in
this City, and invite all their acquaintances
to do likewise.
San Francisco, Cal., July 8, 1896, in tbe
hall of the society.
Thos. Sawyer, President
W. A. ScollaY, Secretary.
DRESS GOODS PICNIC.
The Sheriff Sale Startles the City.
The ladies had a veritable picnic yesterday at
the Sheriff sale now going on at the store oi
James M. Moran : & Co., 1009-1015 , Market
street, between Sixth and Seventh; 37Wc
checked woolen dress goods at 12}^e. 62l|c
heavy serge 48-inch wide 25c (about fifteen
pieces left), were two of the many attractions in
this department. - - •
lh««* f a »i«M MOM t ,1 -.I.
Three suits on appeal were filed in the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals yesterday by Edward
and Oliver Norton of Chicngo, two against the
can Joie Packing Company and the third
against M. A. Wheaton. The actions above
recorded are tor infringements of patents, and
in the lower court the defendants won, the
costs being tnrown on the claimants.
CONTEMPT OF COURT.
An Electrician Calls Down on His Head
the Wrath of Judge Mor
row.
F. C. Engineer, employed by the Edison
Electric Light and Power Company, came
very near yesterday having to spend five
days in jail because of a saucy answer re*
turned the Deputy Marshal in attendance
on Judge Morrow's court.
Ensinger, with a large force of men, is
engaged in putting electric lights through
out the Federal buildings. Necessarily
the work of placing the wires caused con
siderable noise, particularly in the Dis
trict Court, the men being at work directly
under the courtroom.
Judge Morrow ordered the work stopped
during the session of the court, but En
singer refused to desist. He said ne was
working under orders from Washington
and would stop only by similar instruc
tions or by the order of his employer".
Ensinger was immediately arrested for
contempt of court and on being brought
before Judge Morrow was sentenced to
five-days' imprisonment. The foreman
saw that he had made a mistake and forth
with made a lengthy apology. He was
released under the promise never to again
disturb the dignity of the court.
WOMEN REPUBLICANS.
The State Club Had a Good Attendance
at Its Meeting .Last
Night.
Mrs. Addie E. Ballou presided over the
Women's State Republican Club last night
in Justice Grbezinger'a courtroom.
There were a good many well-known
Republicans present from the Phoenix
Club and Continental League, besides a
large attendance of the lady members of
the club.
Short speeches were made by Dawson
Mayer ana J. Keliy of the Phoenix Club.
Mrs. Bailey spoke of the Republican
party as being the only party from which
tbe women may expect tbe right of suf
frage. She said she would rather be a
Republican without a vote than a Demo
crat with two votes.
Major C. W. Kyle, in one of his eloquent
addresses, praised the Republican women
of San Francisco for the services rendered
by them in the interest of the party, and
hoped that the day mierht not be far dis
tant until they go side by side with their
fathers, brothers, husbands and sons to
the polls and assist in framing law* under
which they shaii live.
This is one of the constitutional rights
given the men, and it should be given to
women also. Taxation without represen
tation meant a great deal to the American
people, and because it did in the past revo
lutionize nations, it will now in tbe near
future revolutionize politics throughout
this land.
Judge Campbell bowed to the women
and made a short address on the suffrage
question which was well received.
C. H. Clear of the Republican County
Committee followed with a few well-timed
remarks, and finished by singing the cam
paign song, "The Workmen's Jubilee."
Dr. Burgess, Mr. Leavitt and others fol
lowed, after which Mrs. Ballou in a neat
speech thanked the men for their visit and
promised to assist the Republican party^to
a grand victory next November.
t»»VUI ■n'vtrnv»'>'At I 1 1 1 .
Augustus Woerner, Frlte Woerner aid David
Woerner have applied for letters of adminis
tration on the estate of David Woerner, who
died July 1. The property, which consists of
the cooperage business of the deceased at
Fourteenth ana Harrison streets, is bequeathed
in equal shares to the twelve children of David
Woerner. The business is left as a trust, to be
run by the administrators until the youngest
of the twelve children is of age.
Fac-Similc of Original Notification to Vice-Consul Leidesdorff That Commander Montgomery Would
on July 9, 1846, Hoist the United States Flag Over This City, Then Called Yerba Buena.
[Photographed from the original, kindly loaned to "The Call" by P. J. Healy.\
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
REV. DR. BROWN
SAYS FAREWELL.
Affecting Scenes at Last
Night's Prayer
Meeting.
HIS FARTING CHARGE.
Nervous Prostration Is Alleged
as the Reason for His
Departure.
CERTAIN REPORTS DENIED.
Efforts May Be Made to Continue the
Work of tbe "Independent
Church."
"Bat you, beloved, building yourselves
up on your most holy faith, praying in the
Holy Ghost, keep yourselves in the love
of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord
Jesus Christ unto eternal life."
In these words of St. Jude the Apostle,
his yoice trembling and husky, the Rev.
Dr. Charles Oliver Brown delivered his
parting charge to the faithful flock which
had gathered with its pastor for the usual
Wednesday night prayer-meeting.
Golden Gate Hall was nearly rilled with
a devout throng, and the opening exer
cises were of the usual informal sort. A
few words of promise and good cheer were
read by the pastor from the Scriptures
with brief but simple and direct comments
and explanations, and a number of oid
lashioned devotional hymns were sung,
tne piano accompaniment being played by
the pastor's son.
Then came the testimonies. In simple
speech member after member recounted
trial" endured witn patience, temptations
I resisted and graces received, while others
asked for prayers in behalf of perplexed
and tormented soulp.
The pastor'a wife gave the first signal of
the parting.
"1 shall always thank God," she said in
a low tone without rising from her seat,
"wherever 1 may go that the friendships
1 have met here have beea the true and
lasting friendships of Christian people."
"And I," said a kindly faced old lady,
"having been brought here by a feeling of
mingled curiosity and sympathy, have
remained because the members of this
isolated congregation have made me feel
at home."
Deacon Dexter said a few words abont
the beauty of Christian fellowship, and
was followed by Deacon Morse, who spoke
most toucningly in the same strain. Other
testimonies were given in rapid succession,
many of which referred directly to the
pastor and his work, and all of which
seemed to be dominated by a note of sor
rowful foreboding.
"It is my principal duty," said the pas»
tor, when all who desired had spoken, "to
wish you farewell for a time — perhaps for
a long time— God alone can cay."
The effect of this announcement was
strangely noticeable. It was as though a
pall of deathlike silence hae fallen upon
the assemblage.
"During the past few months," went on
the reverend doctor, "I have passed
through a time of trial the like of which
few men have known. Months ago tbe
doctors ordered me to take a rest, but by
making us* ot toy will power I was able to
keep ahead with'm v duties and hays done
so until now. At length, however, I feel
myself breaking down. One of my sons
has invited me to go and rest with aim,
and there 1 intend to go.
"But there is one thing I would impress
upon you. In all the tempestuous and
troublesome times through which we
have passed I am sure none of you have
heard me say one word against the old
First Church. 1 now beg of yon all,
whether I return or not, to keep in the
bonds of Christian fellowship and love. I
leave you in the hands of God, knowing
that in any event you will be guided into
ways of peace and comfort. And now
that I have to say farewell I must try to
express some of the gratitude which I feel
toward those who stood by me in my hour
of direst need, but when I remember —
when I think— l—"
The pastor's voice died away, and amid
the silence low sobs commenced to make
themselves heard. Grief, of a sort more
ueep than demonstrative, seemed to take
possession of the assembled worshipers,
and for awhile no one spoke. At length
Deacon Morse addressed the meeting.
"Those of us who have been near our
pastor," he said, "have noticed that he is
failing day by day. Frequently he has
barely been able to finish the Sunday
services. He needs rest. Whether he will
a<:ain be seen among us God knows. We
hope to have nim for our father and friend
for many long years to come, but whether
we shall see our hope realized or not lies
in tbe secret of devine providence. We
can only say our love and our prayers will
always follow him."
Young and old then offered tearful
words of affectionate and reverent fare
well. Tie situation was becoming
strained and Dainful to all present. The
"sweet sorrow" of parting seemed to have
more of sorrow tban of sweetness, and
the pastor sought to end the ngony by
giving the people his blessing and dismis
sing the meeting. But for upward of an
hour the tearful crowd lingered.
Dr. Brown declined politely bnt posi
tively to say anything as to his future
movements. Deacon Morse, however,
was more communicative.
"We all consider this determination of
Dr. Brown in the light of a great priva
tion," he remarked. "At the same time,
any one can realize that the man is at
present a physical wreck owing to the
nervous prostration which has seized upon
him. Rest alone can save save him. He
will in all probability leave tne City before
Sunday. W nether he will return and
when is a question, but we all hope he
will.
"A strangely distorted report was circu
lated this evening as to the doctor's al
leged inability to secure a pass to Chicago.
Dr. Brown did not ask for a pass at all. I
made application for one without asking
him for permission to do so. Mr. Fill
more simply told me he could not give me
one, and that was the end of the matter.
"I anticipate that the 'Independent
Church' will continue in existence irre
spective of Dr. Brown's retaining pastoral
charge over it. The average attendance
at trie services has been about r>oo, even in
this present season of outings, while tha
subscriptions, donations and collections
have been generous. The 'Independent
Church' is financially solvent beyond all
cavil. As to luture services, announce
ment will be made in Saturday's papers."
Other members took a similar vfcw of
things, and references to the council and
its personnel were frequent and spirited,
one venerable participant in the trial be
ing characterized as "the Pope of Califor
nian Congregationalism for seven years
past."
The general impression seems to be that
in case Dr. Brown decides to resume his
pastoral w<>rK in this City he will encoun
ter no difficulty in gathering a devoted
flock about him.
McPIKE SCOFFS
AT LEES' THEORIES.
Declares That the Old Man
Is Not What He
Used to Be.
FORGERT TRIAL CLOSING
All the Evidence Is Now In
and Argument Has Al
ready Begun.
HOTEL EMPLOYES PXAMINED
Bellboys. Clerks and Chambermaids
Add Their Little Mites of
Evidence.
All the evidence in the trial of Becker
and Creegan for forgery is now in, and
probably the arguments will be finished
by this afternoon. Possibly by to-morrow
morning a verdict will have been reached
and the guilt or innocence of the two de
fendants determined.
Yesterday's testimony established strong
ly the fact hitherto unproven — that
Becker was In this State at the time of
the forgery. Numerous hotel employes
from Oakland and Sacramento identified
him aa having been in these cities. Some
expert testimony on the process of raising
a draft was aleo given by Captain Lees and
Expert Gnmpel. The value of Captain
Lees' expert testimony was somewhat dis
counted by Attorney McPike in his argu
ment.
G. W. Kingstury, the cashier of the
Lick House, was the first witness called.
He testified that Dean or Seaver, under
the name of A. D. Howe, had registered at
the Lick House on November 26 and re
mained until th? sth of December. The
hotel register with Dean's signature was
introduced in evidence.
Miss Kate .Brady, ■ chambermaid at the
Galindo Hotel in Oakland, testified that
she had seen Becker at the hotel, where he
had occupied rooms 54 and 55. Becker had
been at the hotel over a week, and kept
his room nearly all the time except when
the chamtermaid was doing her work in
the room. He had told her always to lock
the door of his room wheD she got through
with her work.
C. E. Harrison, the clerk of the Golden
Eagle Hotel at Sacramento, identified
Becker ns the man who had registered at
the Golden Eagle on November 30. 1895, un
derthe name of A.L.Dresspl,and remained
until December 7. At the Golden Eagle as
at the Galindo Becker remained most of
the time In his room.
Charles Walsh, the elevator-boy of the
Golden Eagle, corroborated the statement
of Clerk Harrison, that Becker, or Dressel,
had kept to nis room nearly all the time
he was at the hotel.
Cornelius Geebel, the bellboy of the ho
tel, also identified Becker as the man
Dressel who had stopped at the hotel.
Lizzie Morrison, a chambermaid at the
hotel, also recognized Becker as the man
who had staid at the Golden Eagle.
Cashier Michael F. Bray of the Grand
Hotel in this City identified Creegan as
the man who had registered at the Grand
on November 30 as J. P. Holland of Chi
cago. Creegan Had remained a guest at
the hotel until December 17.
B. F. Schanhoff, a druggist on Seventh
street, near Broadway, identified a satchel
shown nim as being very similar to a
Batchel ieft at his store by McCloskey.
Train Agent H. C. Hubbard identified
Becker as the man whose signature he had
required to identify his railroad ticket.
Becker had written the name of C. L.
Werner, and had been accompanied by a
man giving the name of J. Harris.
Captain Lees took the stand and mod
estly admitted that he had had some
forty years' experience in detective work.
He had known of Becker for a long time
and knew him to be an expert with pen
and brush. He had examined the $22,000
check ana had it photographed. The
photographic copy showed more plainly
the defects of the draft than the original.
As tending to show his competency to
examine the drafts Captain Lees admitted
that he had raised many checks himself,
but merely for experiment. With the aid
of a lens the captain then proceeded to
examine the check. The name "A. H.
Dean' and the letters ' - twe" had been left
intact. The letters "nty" had been added
after extraction. The "nty" and the first
"2" in the 22000 were of a slightly different
colored ink from the rest of the writing.
Furthermore the captain detected that the
"2" bad been changed from a "1" and
after the "twe" the indistinct trace of the
loop of an "1" was visible.
Captain Lees' testimony was inter
mingled by some expert testimony ot
Coiner A. T. Spotts of the Mint in regard
to the marking of $20 pieces coined at the
Mint in this City. The detective then
proceeded with his expert examination of
the draft. He gave as his opinion that in
the work a fine camel's hair brush or
pencil and also a fine pen had been used.
In making the catches where the perfora
tions had been, Lees declared that a very
sharp knife and a block of some bard
wood or substance had been used.
More hotel employes were examined at
the opening of the afternoon session.
First, however, John Bedford, a Pullman
car porter, testified that Becker and Cree
gan had got on his car at Sixteenth street,
Oakland, and had ridden to Tracy, where
they had changed to the Santa Fe car.
The porter transferred their luggage,
which consisted of one small and two
large grips.
Manager Carlson of the Galindo Hotel.
Oakland, testified that Becker had stopped
at his hotel from December 7 to 18.
Becker bad first been assigned a room at
the hotel facing the court, but he had ob
jected to this and was given a suite facing
on the street. G. R. Sharp, the night
clerk at the hotel, had seen Becker and
another man come out of the former's
room at the Galindo. He could not iden
tify Becker's companion, but thought he
was taller. Elmer Hartman, a waiter at
the Galindo, corroborated the previous tes
timony as to Becker's habit of keeping to
bis room. Detective Seymour was callea
and identified the satchel which he had
got from Druggist Schunhoff at 460
Seventh street, Oakland.
M. Gumpel, a lithographer and an
expert on handwriting, gave it as his
opinion that the signatures upon the rail
road tickets, hotel registers and other
memoranda were written by the same
person. The witness was then given the
forged dralt and proceeded, with the aid
of a magnifying glass and a blackboard, to
give an exposition from an expert's point
of view. He detected various slurs in the
forged writing, showing that it bad not
been done with a Den, but with a brush.
At the conclusion of Expert Gumpel's
testimony Mr. Black stated that the pros
ecution here rested. The defense had no
additional evidence, and the argument of
the case begirt. According to agreement
the defense opened the argument.
Attorney McPike opened his argument
with a few compliments to Captain Lees.
The attorney admitted having made a
mistake in asking to have Lees excluded.
"We thought," said McPike, "that Cap
tain Lees was what he was twenty years
ago and that he might injure the chances
of the defendants. Bat Captain Lees of
WEW TO-DAT-DHT GOODS.
ifIIEAT«IiLS
FROM OUR
JULY BARGAIN SALE!
From the many attractions that are drawing such crowds to
our GREAT JULY BARGAIN SALE OF SPRING AND SUMMER
GOODS, we select the following choice lines of STYLISH FABRICS
and offer them at SPECIALLY DEEP CUTS IN PRICES
FOR CLEARANCE TO-DAY!
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.A-t 1O Cents.
149 pieces DOUBLE-FOLD MIXED DRESS GOODS, worth 25c, reduced to 10c a yard.
At 3.3 Cents, - . -,
97 pieces 36-INCH FANCY MIXED SUITING, worth 35c, reduced to 15c a yard.
.AJt SO Cents.
89 pieces 36-INCH FIGURED MOHAIR SUITINGS, in medium and dark colorings,
worth 40c, reduced to 20c a yard. . ";.
-A.t £35 Cental.
121 pieces INCH FINE ALL-WOOL FRENCH DRESS GOODS, in figured, mixed
and mottled effects, worth 50c, reduced to 25c a yard.
S±.t BS Cents.
73 pieces 46-INCH ENGLISH BRILLIANTINE SUITING, in stripes and figures
worth 75c, reduced to 25c a yard. "" '
At BO Cents.
161 pieces 45-INCH ALL-WOOL NOVELTY CHEVIOT DRESS GOODS, in mixed,
• checks and stripes, worth 75c and $1, reduced to 50c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
jA.t S3 Cents.
75 pieces 38-INCH FIGURED MOHAIRS, in a variety of designs, marked down from
50c to 25c a yard.
j».t SO Cents.
75 pieces 44-INCH PURE WOOL FIGURED ENGLIBH SATIN BERBERS, marked
down from $1 to 50c a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
-A.t 6O Cents a TT«,r*ci..
15 pieces BLACK-SATIN DUCHESSE, guaranteed all silt, heavy quality, marked
down from 90c to 60c a yard.
At 75 Cents a. *Yard.
20 pieces BLACK BROCADED SATIN, medium and large designs, marked down
from $1 to 75c a yard.
See To-day's "Chronicle" for Other Great Special Offerings.
J W/jff**^ MURPHY BUILDZNGK /
(/(/ Martot street, corner ol imi, /
mAJST FHA3VTGZSOO.
the Brotherton case, Captain Leps of
world-wide reputation is a very different
man from Captain Lees of to-day. If he
was the same Captain Lees he would not
have allowed Dean and"McCloskey, two of
the slickest thieves that ever the sun
shone on, to escape."
Attorney McPiKe proceeded to review
some of Lees' theories. "Captain Lees,"
he affirmed, "is a great iheorizer. When
he drops onto a theory he sticks right to it
and nothing can shake him off it. After
he had Dunn in custody the veteran de
tective formulated a theory that there
were others engaged in the Nevada Bank
forgery and that Dean could not have
done it alone. 'Dean,' he said, after hav
ing taken him around on various occasions
to the Cliff, to the park and the prize-fight,
'Dean, you didn't forge that draft — you
couldn't. You're only an ordinary coun
terfeiter, only convicted twice of counter
feiting. You can make greenbacks that
will defy all but expert scrutiny, but you
can't raise a draft.' Dean readily dropped
on and was quite positive that he could
not.
"Having formed his theory the captain
immediately set out to fit the facts to it.
He helped to secure McCloskey's acquit
tal, for it was a part of his theory that
Creegan, not McCloskey, was Dean's ac
complice. If Captain Lees had used all
his efforts to convict Dean and McCloskev,
the arch-criminals, that he used to defend
them, the trial of these defendants would
never have taken place."
At the conclusion of Attorney McPike' s
remarks which, he said, were but a gen
eral introduction to the argument for the
defense, Judge Wallace adjourned court
until this morning at 10 o'clock, when the
argument will be resumed. In all prob
ability the case will go to the jury before
this evening.
SOCIALISM AND ECONOMY.
K. T. Kingsley Delivers an Address at
the Temple.
Liberty Branch of the Socialist Labor
party was addressed at hut night's mass
meeting in the Temple, 115 Turk street.
The chairman, Henry Warnecke, out
lined the political objects of the Socialist
Labor party and referred to the address of
the evening as very appropriate at a
time when the economic fallacies of the
day are causing many supporters of the
old parties to sever their allegiance thereto.
After a reading from a socialistic journal
by the secretary of the branch, Theodore
Lynch, the chairman introduced E. T.
Kingsley, State organizer of the party,
who said: If I were to aak your attention
to-night to a question that affected money,
tariff or some of the other unimportant
questions, you would be far from the
cause of the evils, that infest society.
Foolish people, who claim that socialism
is the product of a partr'cular nation, are
daily receiving an object lesson in the
economic field. Every intelligent man to
day in this country knows that socialism
is the child of economic conditions.
"The workers of America are face to face
to-day with a condition of things that
must inevitably end in their complete
degradation to abject slavery or revolu
tion if those who love their country and
their fellow-beings negiect the advantages
that socialism offers to adjust the society
we live in on a more harmonious basis.
We are living to-day in the heroic age —
an age in which the chivalry of youth can
again emulate the spirit of liberty that
animated the heroes and patriots of days
gone by."
Short speeches by strangers and econ
omic inquirers followed, and among them
were remarks by Rev. J. E. Scott, Leo
Gasser, "William Edlin and Theodore
Lynch.
!>»> oi«ft fropee'lliii*
Complaints filed:
Amelia Achiest vs. Richard Achtcst.
Ida O. Baker vs. Harry H. Baker.
Florence E. Palmer vs. Talfourd Palmer.
Julia Heaphy vs. Michael Heaphy.
Catherine Carey vs. John T. Carey.
© lerfwlting C««^..
Alexander Wilson was held to answer by
United States Commissioner Ueacock yester
day morning, on a charge of having passed a
counterfeit $5 piece. Wilson a short time ago
purchased two crabs from a peddler, tendering
the $5 piece in payment. Tho pedJler made
the change, and shortly after Wilson's de
parture discovered that tie had been dnped.
The charge of having parsed a bad half dollar,
placed against Max Cohen last week, was dis
missed.
Ttur t*l<ra*vo iruiirm
Judge Slack yesterday granted a divorce to
Laura J. Forsytho from William J. Forsythe
because ol the letter's idleness, profligacy and
intemperance. The custody of a minor chili
was awarded to the plaintiff.
New suits for divorce were filed yester
day by:
Amelia Achtert vs. Richard Achtert.
Ida O. Baker vs. Harry H. Baker.
Florence £.. Palmer vs. Talfourd Palmer.
Julia Heaphy vs. Michael Heaphy.
Catherine Ciirey vs. John T. Carey.
HEW TO-PAT.
— — — - — >■»— ~-— — -w...
THE OWL
« THE OWL
DRUC CO.,
tll-Mifc
„, DRUGGISTS.
JUST FOR THE ASKING.
Our New 100-Page Price List
JUST OUT.
IT'S UP TO DATE.
Contains Cut < Prices on all
kinds Drugs, Patent » Medi-
cines, Tollot Articles, Truss-
• • es, Shoulder Braces, Rubber
! Goods, Batteries, etc.,
MAILED FREE f .
.On application.
THE OWL DRUG GO.,
1128 Market St., San Francisco. -
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
320 Sonth Spring St.. Los Angeles.
The PIERCE SPECIAL
is everything that the most
exacting rider requires.
EASY RUNNING and
STYLISH, but above : all
RELIABLE.
This is the wheel ridden
by tbe bicycle police of
the city of Buffalo, N. V.,
selected in : competition '
of twenty-three different
' makes.
i/ . ' ■ '.'."" ' - . . . .- - . *
BOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSOJ,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS, V-
Market * Beale Sta., . 233 J Street.
SAN JFBAJM CISCO. . SACRAMENTO.
910
FLAMES AMONG
THE FURNITURE
The West Coast Company's
Factory Badly Dam
aged.
THREE ALARMS SOUNDED
Much of the Rough Material
in the Shops De
stroyed.
ONLY A SMALL INSURANCE.
The Loss Will Reach a Total of
Nearly F>fty Thousand
Dollars.
One-half of the West Coast Furniture
Company's factory on Fourth and Bryant
streets was destroyed by fire last night.
The blaze caused three alarms to be
sounded from box 63 after 10:20 o'clock.
No sooner had Assistant Chief Engineer
Dougherty, who is acting as Chief during
tne absence of Chief Sullivan, reached the
locality than he realized it was a danger
ous blaze, and had to be conquered
quickly or it would spread.
He immediately caused a second alarm
to be turned in, which brought eleven
engines.
The building is a large brick structure
in the shape of an L, four stories on the
Fourth-street side, three on the Bryant
street front. The former is filled with a
large stock of furniture and the latter part
is where the rough material was worked
up.
It was in this part that the fire was
located, near the boiler-room, and it
spread through the shavings and inflam
mable material with alarming rapidity.
Ten minutes after the second alarm
the third was turned in, and seventeen en
gine companies were soon at work pumping
thousands of gallons of water through the
windows into the fire, which was fortu
nately confined within the brick walls.
In the yard between the L and the street
was the principal seat of operation. Half
a dozen streams were "siamesed" and
the column of water was directed against
the flames, which were steadily progress
ing toward Bryant street.
Lines of hose was carried to the roof of
a couple of small buildings in the yard
and to the top of the main building from
which they were brought to bear upon the
monstrous furnace below.
On the south side of the building is a va
cant lot, and there the water-tower took
up its position and poured a powerful
stream into the windows. Another stream
was directed into the building from the
Perry-street end, which prevented any
spread in that direction.
For a time it was feared that the flames
would £et into the main building, not
withstanding the heavy brick fire wall that
separates the two parts. Had the flames
reached tne varnish-room there would
have been a merry blaze, and nothing
short of the total destruction of the build
ing and contents and probably a part of
the surrounding buildings would have
been the result.
But the firemen held their own and Kept
the fire confined in the south L. At mid
night they had the blaze under control.
The wooden and willow ware factory of
Armes & Dallam occupied a part of the
building in the rear, and this place with
the rest went up in smoke.
HOW IT STARTED.
The Origin of the Fire a Mystery to
All Interested.
The watchman, M. Zickyrooff, states
that when he saw the blaze it was under
he stairs leading to the second story, at a
considerable distance from the engine
and fire rooms and nowhere near the
parts where the lumber and shavings were
located.
His story was to some extent corrobor
ated by Frank Miller, a boy who lives at
411 Fourth street. He first saw the fire on
the steps in back of the boiler-room. He
immediately told the watchman, who had
just returned to the office after making his
round of the building.
The watchman turned in an alarm from
the auxiliary box and then hastened to
turn in a regular alarm lrom the box at
Fourth and Harrison streets, after search
ing about the building for a hose.
Several people on the surrounding
streets state that the fire was in the second
story at the west end, and that it seemed
to leap into the third story and through
the rooms on both floors as though along
a train of powder or gasoline.
Tne engineer asserted that it could not
have started in eitner the boiler or shav
ing rooms, as both were inclosed in fire
proof brick walls.
INSURANCE WAS RISKY.
Representatives of Companies Tell
Why Insurance Was
Light.
A representative of the Royal Insurance
Company of London and the Continental
Insurance Company, both of which have
risks on the building, gave the following
statement of facts:
"The insurance on the building is light.
Just what it is, of course, I am not at lib
erty to state.
"It is the class of insurance that goes
begging on the street. Several fires have
broken out in the building before. It in a
part of the Sharon estate, and companies
have been freely offered good risks in all
the buildings of this estate over town if
they would insure this particular one.
"The part fronting on Harrison street
was burnea to the ground about three
years ago, and was replaced by a corru
gated-iron building two stories high, a
solid brick wall separates this from the
adjacent building. It i-> occupied by Chi
nese cigar manuiacturers.
"An American cigar-box factory is on
the ground floor of the building near the
intersection of the two wings. We always
dislike to insure such light and in
flammable material. Besides, the yard was
constantly niled with lumber, sawdust and
shavings. Add to this the fact that the
structure was filled with furniture, oil and
other highly combustible a. tides, ana you
can easily see why we have not taken
heavy risks."
LOSS AND INSURANCE.
Only $12,000 on the Whole Build-
\ng and Scarcely Anything on
the Burnt Portion.
L. Emanuel, one of the proprietors of
the company, reached the building shortly
after the alarm was turned in. When
seen late last niirht he had just come back
after an examination of the stock room,
■where the Underwriters' Patrol men were
busy c vering the furniture with rubber
blankets.
Mr. Emanuel could not venture a guess
as to the loss. The fire destroyed the con
tents of the cabinet-room, consisting of
lumber, machinery and miscellaneous ma
terials. The insurance on the whole
building was only $12,000, and on the
burnt wing of the building there was
scarcely any insurance at ail on account
of the high rate of 6 per cent The insur
ance was placed with the Scottish Com
mercial and various other insurance com
panies, but just which company insured
the destroyed portion it was impossible to
learn.
The loss and damage will not be learned
for several days. Mr. Manuel states that
there was not a very large amount of raw
materials in the part that was gutted, but
others assert that the place was well filled,
as the firm has several large contracts to
fill.
The greatest loss and damage was to the
machinery, which was heated to a white
heat by the flames and then broken to
pieces by the douches ot cold water that
flooded tne building.
It was roughly estimated that Emanuel
<fe Co. will lose between $25,000 and $35,000,
while Armes & Dallam's loss will run be
tween $6000 and $10,000. It is believed
that not less than $50,000 will cover the
loss, to say nothing of the damage to the
building.
A VICTIM OF FIRES.
Emanuel & Co. Have Had a Run of
Very Bad Luck.
The fire fiend seems to have camped
upon the trail of E. and L. Emanuel.
This is about the fourth time they have
been fcjurnt out. Several years ago their
building at the same place was wiped out
by ablaze. Eight years ago the scene of
last night was enacted in the south L,
nearly the whole of that part going up in
smoke.
The big Bancroft fire on Market street
will long be remembered. It started in
Emanuel's furniture store in that fatal
structure and a large stock was then de
stroyed. There have been several small
fires in the factory during the past six
years, but none of a serious nature.
MIDWEEK THEATER NOTES
Crowds Go to See " Romeo and
Juliet" at the Tivoli Opera-
House.
There was no falling off in the attend
ance at the Tivoll last night; indeed the
crowd was so great at the box-office that a
couple of special officers had to labor
diligently to keep impatient hungerers
and thirsters after opera lrom breaking
out of line. »
The work given last night was Gounod's
"Romeo and Juliet," for the first time in
this City.
That significant fact shows what an
operatic famine San Francisco has been
enduring, for in the East and in Europe
"Romeo and Juliet" is one of the most
sung works of the French repertory. In
deed at present it almost exceeds "Faust"
in popularity. To attempt a detailed criti
cism of the work at this late day would be
absurd.
In the main the libretto follows the
story of Shakespeare's tragedy, dealing
chiefly with its love element, which it has
treated to a considerable extent in a series
oi dramatic and exquisitely melodious
duets between Romeo and Juliet. The
duel scene has been made much of, and
from a dramatic standpoint forms a mag
niheent foil to the linked sensations iong
drawn out of the love bcenes.
Musically speaking "Romeo and Juliet"
is more modern in its treatment than
"Faust," "Mirella," etc On this account
the rich, almost sensuous melodies in
which it abounds do not strike the ear so
strongly on a first hearing. Those who
were familiar with the opera, however,
could revel last night in the "tunes,"
which after all are what appeal most to
the popular ear. To those who heard it
for the first time "Romeo and Juliet" no
doubt sounded declamatory. As an
operatic drama it is not so stirring and
dramatic as "Faust," though the story is a
tenderer and more exalted one.
The performance was less even than that
given to the "Lucia." In certain scenes it
was brilliant, in otners it left something to
be desired, but on the whole it was one on
which to congratulate the management.
Fernando Michaelena, as Romeo, more
than fulfilled the promise of real dramatic
genius, which be had given as Edgar of
Ravenswood.
All through the long, exacting role he
shone alike as actor and singer.
His round, well-schooled, vibrant voice
was fully equal to all vocal requirements
of bis role. His acting would have been
applauded if ha had only been acting and
not singing. His by-play, particularly in
the dramatic duel scene, was most fin
ished, and in the love passages he was as
tender as he was virile where the role
called for sterner stuff.
Nina Bertini Humphreys was on the
whole a satisfactory Juliet. She will be
remembered as one of the stars of the
Tavary troupe two years ago. It was no
doubt a little hard for her to come after
M me. Natali, who is such a much more
finished yocalift in every respect, but if
Miss Bertini Humphreys' work seemed at
times schoolgirlish compared to that of
the more experienced pntna donna who
preceded her on Monday and Tuesday,
she nevertheless made a charming Juliet,
and in the balcony scene, as well as in the
scene in her chamber, she did some very
oretty work. Her waltz song, which she
sang in French, did not produce the effect
that it generally creates.
John J. Raffael really surprised hiß
friends by the excellence of his Mercutio.
He sang the "Queen Mab" aria delight
fully and his duel scene was a fine piece of
acting and singing. Martia Pache made
an excellent Tybalt. The pretty role of
the page was not made the most of by
Miss Russell, who has a fine voice, but
does not know how to use it. Mine. Casati
had so little opportunity of shininc as the
nurse that it might be fairer to defer judg
ing her singing.
As friar, Lawrence Abramoff did excel
lent work.
"Romeo and Juliet" contains splendid
choruses, and too much praise cannot be
the chorus work in the street scene,
which includes the duel. Much of the
other chorus work was good, but this par
ticular scene, both with regard to chorus
and soloists, was trie gem of the per
formance and well deserved the ovation
it received.
Gustave Hinrichs conducted" with his
usual skill. At first it seemed doubtful
whether the public would really enter into
the spirit of the beautiful work, but the
enthusiasm began with the beautiful gar
den scene and it went on crowing.
New and artistic scenery had been
painted for the representation.
POLICE TRIBUNAL.
Three Patrolmen Fined and One Ten
ders Bin Keslgnatfou.
The Police Commissioners met last
ni -ht, all the members being present. Po
liceman Edward Hartley was fined $10 for
failing to satisfactorily explain to his ser
geant bis absence from his beat.
During the parade on the Fourth Po
licemen I. J. Prenderpast and John O'Con
nor were stationed at Market and Taylor
streets and for failing to keep Market
street clear of vehicles they were each
fined $10. A similar charge against Police
men Harry ODea and John J. O'Mara
stationed at Sixth and Market streets, was
dismissed.
Policeman W. H. Jennings, who was
fined $50 at the previous meeting of
the board, tendered his resignation.~and
Edward J. McNamara was appointed to
fill the vacancy. McNamara is a native
son, 32 years of age, and a plumber by
trade. '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
THEY RECEIVE
SPIRITUAL ADVICE.
Eloquent Priests Address
the Young Ladies'
Institute.
SUPREME JURISDICTION.
This Question Will Receive Con
sideration by the Grand
Council. -
COSTLY GIFTS FOR OFFICERS
Grand Banquet, Reception and Enter
tainment at K. R. B Hall in
the Evening,
The Grand Council of the Younp Ladies'
Institute opened yesterday morning with
an address by the Rev. Father Comyns of
St. Charles, the spiritual director of the
Miss Sophia A. Grote, Acting President of the Grand Council, Y. L. I.
organization, who complimented the order
for its efficient work in the past and en
couraged them to reach still farther in
their laudable endeavor to aid the sick,
suffering and destitute with which the
land abounds.
"By their fruits shall ye know them,"
said Father Comyns. "I am happy to
state that the fruits of your labors are
such as to justify me in saying you may
be recognized as a band of noble Christian
workers in the vineyard ot truth."
This address was followed by continu
ing the reading of the minutes of the
grand directors. At the conclusion the
reports of the grand secretary and grand
treasurer were submitted.
That the institute is in a most flourish
ing condition is amply demonstrated by
these reports. The receipts of the past
year aggregated $9320. while the disburse
ments amounted only to $5219.
The reports of the finance, sr.pply, head
quarters and printing committees were
submitted. The report of the finance
committee corroborated that of the tr as
urer. The headquarters committee re
ported having $1125 in the treasury. This
fund was raised by setting apart 2 per
cent of t;e receipts.
These reports were all examined by the
committee on returns and adopted. The
members of this committee are Miss
Nellie Greany. Mrs. A. Wilkes and Mrs.
Sweeney.
At the conclusion of this business there
was an alarm of fire and a recess was de
clared in order to afford the rural dele
gates an opportunity to view the firemen
in action. It proved a false alarm, bow
ever, and the Country delegates must wait
for another opportunity to view the fire
laddies.
Father O'Connell enlivened the morn
ing session with an interesting discourse,
in which he gave the institute some
earnest and timely advice. Success in
any undertaking, he said, depends quite
as much upon the work done by indi
vidual members as upon the harmonious
action of all.
It was learned with gratification that
the organization of a branch institute had
Deen effected at Livermore and that appli
cations had been received from Stockton
and Port Costa to lollow suit.
The committee on returns was notified
that it would be expected to make recom
mendations regarding the expenditures for
the ensuing year, including the subject of
choosing headquarters. This ended the
work of the morning.
In the afternoon an invitation from
Mayor Sutro to visit the Heights and
other points of attraction in the vicinity
was read. The Frawley Company also
extended an invitation to the institute to
attend the play of "London Assurance."
The company was seconced in this cour
tesy by Manager Friedlander, who offered
the liberty of the theater.
The following telegram was received
from the grand president, Mrs. I. Wynne,
now lying very in at her home in Vallejo.
It was addressed to the grand secretary,
Miss Josie Mailoy:
Vallejo, Cal.. July 8.
To the Omeerg and Members of thr F.iqhlh Grand
Council oj the Young Ladle*' Inntttute— Many
thanks tor sympathy. My heart and thoughts
are with you. May success attend you.
An amendment to the effect that sick
and death benefits be placed in the by-laws
instead of tue constitution was then
brought forward. T n company with other
am*n:ments it *ill be acted on some time
to-day. The delegates were instructed to
have all their amendments placed upon
the -table rsady for action to be taken on
them this morning.
Some discussion was indulged in anent
a supreme jurisdiction. At present there
is an Atlantic and a Pacific jurisdiction
but the desire has been expresse i that
a supreme jurisdiction be created. Tins
question will receive further consideration
later on.
In the evening a grand banquet, enter
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
tainment and reception was tendered the
visiting delegates by Young Ladies' Insti
tute No. 1 at K. R. B. Hall, corner of Ma
son and O'Farrell streets.
New officers have recently been elected
in this order, and the ceremony of instal
lation was first conducted witn closed
doors. The installation ceremony was
conducted by Past Grand President Ella
Comyns. Following is the list of newly
elected officers :
President, Miss Kate Driscoll; first vlce-
I president, Miss Mnrgrctte Svan; second vice
president. Miss Lida Carroll; corresponding
I and recording secretary, Miss M. E. Grote;
financial secretary. Miss Mary A. Degan; treas
urer. Miss Alice Dwyer; marshal. Miss Anna
J>yham; trustees— Genevleve Carroll, Mary
Monahan Kate Conklin and Rose Ollwelf;
organist, Miss Lottie Dwyer.
In the name of the order Miss Sophia
A. Grote presented the retiring president,
Miss Kate Fitzoatrick. with a handsome
anu costly gold watch and chain. Miss
Grote embraced the occasion to praise the
r tiring president for the efficiency she
had demonstrated in the discharge of her
manifold official duties, »nd thanked her
therefore in the name of Institute No. L
Miss Fitzpatrick replied in a neat
speech, saying the moment was one she
would always remember, and the gift
should b - one of her most carefully cher
ished mementos, coming as it did from
those with whom she had been so long
and so intimately associated. Miss Kate
Gieason, the retiring treasurer was pre
sented with a beautiful pin, also.
A royal "good time" was then enjoyed
by those assembled, which lasted till late
in the evening.
Cd*U>ja» r tn,.ioj<-» No» smi)*..
The long delayed June salary warrants for
the Custom House employes arrived yester
day, and in codkequence tbere is great joy In
Federal circles, ft was at first thought the
fund had been exhausted, and would not be
repletea until November, when the next ap
propriation becomes available.
fiMiiii iii tit* tS*r.
The body of John Nybeck, who hag been
missine since July 2, was found in the bay at
the loot of Third street, yesterday morning.
The deceased was a sailor, and from papers
found on him he had recently signed fur the
HChoonerlda McKiiy. Nybeck was a native of
Finland, and about 47 years old.
DEATH AT THE BATHS.
Frank Denvin Falls Into an
Empty Tank and Crushes
His Skull
Satro's Famous Resort the Scene of
a Tragedy, Attributed to
Carelessness.
Frank Denvln, the 16-year-old son of
William J. Denvin, a contractor, living at
426 Castro street, received injuries at the
Sutro Baths yesterday resulting in his
death three hours later.
Whether the accident was due to the
criminal carelessness of those in cbarge of
the baths or to young Denvin's own reck
lessness, or both, is a matter of much
speculation. In attempting to climb a
ladder leading to one of the slides the
deceased lost his footing, tumbling to the ;
big tank below. Uis head was first to strike
the hard cement, resulting in a severe
fracture of the skull. The tank was empty,
otherwise the fall might not have resulted I
fatally.
Young Denvin, in company with Mrs. i
de Haven and Bert de Haven, 417 Castro
street, and Mrs. Chappman, 435 Eddy !
street, visited the Cliff House yesterday
with the intention of making a day of it.
About noon the boys determined to take
a plunge before lunch and tor that pur
pose repaired to the bathhouse. There
were a lot of other fun-seekers on band,
and soon t c two boys were making merry
with the throng. It is considered great
sport to slide down the sharp inclines
which lead into the smaller tanks, and it
was while endeavoring to enjoy one of
these exhilarating slides that Denvin met
his death.
Five or six of the young boys attempted
to climb into the slide running into tank
4. They all got up safely except Eu
gene Yanke and Denvin. As the former
was about to step on the platform above
his loot slipped, causing him to fall heav
ily against Denvin. The latter lost his
hold on the ladder, and, falling to
the platform below, bounded into the
empty tank. It is a mooted question
whether the fructure came from the first
obstruction or the cement flooring. His
friends claim that he fell from the ladder
to the tank, never once touching the nar
row platform. The employes at the baths
say, however, that the fracture came from
the impact with the platform.
"I did not see the accident myself,"
said Professor Killick, who has charge of
the life-saving department at the baths,
•'but from what I can gather, the boy
struck the platform head first and then
bounded into the tank. It is possible, of
course, that he might not have
touched the flooring at all, but
the surroundings do not favor such I
a thelbry. One of my .keepers caught
young Yanke, thus preventing hi» receiv
ing a fall which migbt also have resulted
fatally. I have cautioned the boys time
and again to be careful, but my warnings
are never heeded. Of course, it there bad
been water in the tank the results might
have been different, though I hardly
think so."
The big tank at Sutro's Baths is emptied
twice each week. Yesterday was the reg
ular day for putting in fresh water. Prior
to the accident there were no ropes guard
ing the platforms bordering on the tank,
but immediately following Denvin's fatal
fall ropes were stretched.
GOLD IN CREEKS
OF SAUSALITO.
Little Nuggets Give Prom
ise of Coming
Wealth.
JACK HAVES* LUCKY TIND
Glittering Sands Which Line
the Hurricane
Gulch.
ROCK THAT IS PURE QUARTZ
An Old Tin Pan and a Shovelful of
Earth Yield a Lump of
Yellow Metal.
Jack Hayes of the harbor police is no
longer a silver man, in fact he is a decided
gold bug. His change of metallic prefer
ence too* place a day or two ago. Mr.
Hayes lives in Sausalito among the charm
ing Hurricane Gulchers.
A creek runs behind Mr. Hayes* cottage
and in bis wanderings along its bank Mr.
Hayes has observed the presence of old
fashioned, gold-bearing quartz in large
quantities. Mr. Hayes knows this rock to
be gold quartz, because when he was
younger he spent many a prosperous hour
prospecting on Pikes Peak and vicinity
for this same metal.
Day before yesterday Mr. Hayes said to
his wife, "I believe I will experiment a
little." Accordingly he shouldered a
shovel and bung therefrom a large pan.
He filled the pan full of the prombiug
looking earth and cradled it out in the
good old way. Mrs. Hayes, who tells the
remainder of the story, says she heard
shouting in the neighborhood of the creek
and saw her husband rushing toward the
house, batless, shovelless, but bearing in
his hand the large pan half full of the wet
earth.
As soon as Mr. Hayes recored his breath
sufficiently he gasped, "Look at this," and
held up to the astonished gaze of his wife
two good-sized nuggets of pure, yellow
gold. Mr. Hayes is now negotiating to
buy the lot that adjoins nim on tne creek
side.
"I always wanted the lot," said he,
"but it seems dearer to me now than ever
before. But I hardly think there is very
much metal hereabouts. I found th >c
nuggets in the bed of the creek. It may
have been washed down from up higher
on the ridge.
"All the land around here was first
bought by a man named Miiler as mining
property. It was subsequently sold to
the Sausaiito Land and Ferry Company.
The ground upon the ridge about seven or
eigdt years ago was quite extensively pros
pected for gold, but whether much was
found Or not Ido not know. There may,
of course, be nothing in this; still, next
Sunday, when I have leisure, I intend to
thoroughly examine the locality and wash
quantities of the gravel. Even if it has
washed down from above the creek is
deep enough in gravel to contain a snug
little fortune."
The two nuggets found by Mr. Hayes
are about as large as huckleberries. He
s»ys the aristocratic folks living upon the
HEW TO-DAT.
No-To-Bac Mends Nerves.
Lost Life-Force Restored and
Shattered Nerve- Power
Quickly Repaired.
The Tobacco Vice Undermines Vigor
and Vitality — Nervous Prostra-
tion, General Debility Mean
Tobacco Nerve-Poisoning.
Tobacco-using is a reckless -waste of life
force, money and manhood.
It is a dirty, nasty, men-wrecking disease,
and every tobacco-user knows it.
I _ The tobacco-user's cerve.« are shattered and
: broken, his life is going out of him, he's losing
his grip, but No-To-Bac, the strongest, quickest
nerve tonic in the world, braces his brain,
nourishes his : nerves, kills - nicotine, makes
I manhood. ' Summer smoking shortens life.'-
I If you want to quit tobacco, gain strength,
weight, vitality— ;■•.•"'
v II you want all the time to look, feel and act
like a man- ■ ■•■ -
Take No-To-Bac ! Get a cure or your money
back. Over; 400,000 have been cured, and
millions use No-Tc-Bac: to regulate tobacco-
using, or purely fur its wonderful powers as a
nerve tonic and stimulant.
If your nerve and heart action is weak no
matter what the cause, take No-To-Bac - '
Sold and guaranteed by druggists every-
where. Our famous booklet, "Don't Tobacco
Bpit and : Smoke Your Life Away," written
guarantee and free sample mailed for the asic-
lng.. Address Tne Sterling Remedy Co.. Chi.
cai;o, Montreal or New York. •- ..;'^
FAI L o^
DOCTOR SWEANY
..;-He' guarantees'" a prompt and : perfect
care of every case he undertakes. Thou-
sands of genuine testimonials on file in
his . private : office. - Poor treated free on
Friday afternoons.
* NKRVOtJS DEBILITY, weakness of sex-
ual organs, lost manhood; night emissions, ex-
hausting drains which unfit one : for study,
business or marriage, : treated with unfailing
success. Get cured and be a man.
V PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
ssxual diseases of every sort, blood, skin and
constitutional diseases/rupture," plies, • varico-
cele and hydrocele quickly cured without pain
or detention from business. :. ..
WRITE atonoe if living out of the city
Thousands cured at home. ■ Book on special
diseases sent free.^.Office hours— a." m. to 12
x. ; 2 to 5 and 7 to , 8 p. m. . Sundays, 10 a. m.
to 12 m. only. Address
I. L. OIICAN 1 , II D., 737 Market St..
• L. OllCnlll, m. U., San Francisco, Cal.
Bay direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
Atllfl/ J K » K BTAI.S, Mantels,
IMf f Tables. Ktc.
11l I A X 1 City Hall Square. "
W I 1 ■ # 1 J. & F. X JKS SELEB.
hill may be glad enough to come down to
the plain, ordinary level of gold before the
year is out.
DEMOCRATS TO RATIFY
The Junta and tlie Buckleyltea With
Rival Sh<>«->.
Arrangements for the rival local Demo
cratic ratifications went ahead indepen
dently last night and Saturday night.
Democrats may take their choice between
open-air meetings on Grant avenue run
by the Junta and the meeting at the Met
ropolitan Hall which the Buckleyites will
strain every nerve to make a great success.
There was some little street talk yester
day between members of the factions
about getting together in the interest of
the National ticket, and when the Buck
ley ratification committee met at dead
quarters with th<* presidents and secre
taries of the district clubs there was an
understanding that a committee from the
Junta would visit them, but as 10:30 p. M.
arrived and no committee came the pos
sibility was given up and everybody was
in favor of an independent ratification
anyway.
There will be bands, bonfires and a
NEW TO-DAY. . JV^^ JVXr
A Wonderful Medicine
Tor Bilious and Nervous disorders such as Wind and Pain in th© Stomach, Sick Headache,
Giddiness, Fullness and Swelling after meals, Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills,
Flushings ot Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness of Breath, Costlveness, Blotches on the
Skin, Disturbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations,&c.
when these symptoms are caused by constipation, as most of them are. THE FIRST DOSE
WILL GIVE RELIEF IN TWENTY MINUTES, This Is no fiction. Every sufferer is ear-
nestly invited to try one box of these Pills, and they will be acknowledged to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
BEECBAM'S PILLS, taken as directed. -will quickly restore females to com.
plete health. They promptly remove obstructions or irregularities of the system. Fora
WEAK STOMACH, IMPAIRED DIGESTION, DISORDERED LIVER
they act like magic — a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital organs; strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring the long-lost complexion, bringing back the keen
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud of Health the whole physical
energy of the human frame. These are facts admitted by thousands, in all classes of
society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and Debilitated Is that Beech-
am's Pills have the Largest Sale of any Patent Medicine in the World.
WITHOUT A RIVAL. Annual Sales over 6.000,000 Boxes.
26c at Drug Stores, or will be sent by U. 8. Agents, B. F. ALLEN CO.. 368 Canal St., New
York, post paid, upon receipt of price. Book free upon application. , [■■;■-
-j^t ~~^7pfcRSTAND [fo,
iffl///////,//^®^ llfi'if. Yon will find one coupon
W/fM^^m^- I ironside each two ounce bag
'^^#TK^^sSl i ! I i ' andtwocouponsinsideeach
IV! nTU IMh IPS? \SSWI ! 111I 1 1 \ four Ounce bagof Blackwell's
'iUI It • W ffimn "~Jvfi!*y^i! ' ''• '' i { Durham. Buy a bag of this
_ . ... _. _ \oHl3r ~~Tfh~U&'' $~ i ' i' Ml celebrated tobacco and read
BUT THE "^Miljjiii thecoupon-whichgivesa
*■* i» ■1 1 ai _ :^X /^mM llßt of valuable presents and
GENUINE yOS^-2aiis*to. how to get them. ,
KAIXxtOAO TRAVELS
SMFRASCISCO &BRTH Pi-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a k • 1211 !
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursclays-Ekira trip !
"11:30 p. k. Saturd.ys-Kxtra trips lit 1-sS
.nd 11:30 p. if.
6DNDAYS— 7:30, 9.30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 a
6:00. 6:20 p. M. - '
San Kafael to San Francioco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11-10 a. v. '
if^ls^a^6^P^4^«^,
BU] 6?oS, Y 5 7 p^. 9:d5 ' 11:1 "■■ *°- 8: «>.
Between San Francisco and Schnetzen Part sama'
schedule as above. w^
"~ Iri effect Arrive
Ban Francisco. ]$£"*% San FrlrTclsco.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:06 pm 10:10 m
6:10 pm, 5:00 PM; Santa Rosa. | 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Fulton,
7:30 am , Windsor,. . 10:10 am
■ ' Healdsburg, • - , -•
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 7:30 am I Cloverdale. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
~~. : Pieta, : ~" P ..- v ■
7:30 am Hopland it 10:10 am
3:30 pm| .7:30 am Ukiah. -7:3opm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 77 " 10:10 am
•* * 7:30 am GuernevUle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm j 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 ami Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
' '' : ' . 1 and • '
6:10 PM 5:00 pm ' Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 7 am I sebantoDol {10:40 am 10:10 am
8:30 pm l 5:00 pm l aeDtt » t opol. [ a . 0S p|l | . 15 pM
Stages connect at : Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for skace* Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i,akfport; at
Bopland for ]>akeport and Barrett Springs; at
ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrln Heights, HullTille, Boonevilie
Greenwood, ■ Git's Hot Springs. M>ndocino City,
Fort Bragg, Wsatport, Usal, Willets. Cahto, Co-
T*:o, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets atrednoed
rates, "tt ' tajitmr^-itf "tf>» jum^p'iutjf Mgim l^
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates. •
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle butldlnti
H.C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
_ Gen. Manager. - Gen. Pass. Agent.
•-. *. . . • . j • —^_ *
Atlantic '^^fcy*v
Trains ieave and arrive i>. EwVwttw^M
Market-Street, i'erry. tSct*l3
' am FK EXPRKSS. Pilll
To Chicago Yla A. * ' €S§j|p||
Direct Line Vtfg^y^g»T^^
Leaves every day at 6 p v •„, 7"^
mmmmm
•nd good meals In Harvey's dliSii£so2£. 8C * nery:
Ticket Oflice-644 Market Street,
'•_ ■■ - -' Chronicle l.uildiuar.
Telephone Main 153 "
SORWPACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
>. o (Via Sausalito Ferry). .
from .San Francisco, . omta n in* j uiie 15 , i B9B .
WEEKDAYS. - t °»B.
E ;".s?sSs s .. i i:'ri I,i1 ,i% M r d "- WM °-
■v» km xr „ ■■■"•- BUND A YSt'- ':'
H*i? y i and B*n8 * n R***el-«8 :00, . »9 00
- li^Sb a m ? *•"■ **'" trlp "> Bau.*m o ° 1 2
"™>
3E£E££Sfs££gm
street display of numbers yet to be ar
ranged. The committee, consisting of
Janies H. O'Brien, Joseph Rothschild, T.
E. Tracey, T. J. Gallagher, MvU. Donovan
and M. H. Kelly, will decide npon speafc.
era to-day and also upon a list of vice
presidents in addition to the following
district vice-presidents elected last night:
Twenty-eighth, J. J. R*fftrty; Twenty-ninth,
p H Cahill: Thirtieth, James UcClaskey;
Thirtv-flrst, P. H. Enrignt; Thirty-second, H.
B Gcrkin; Thirty-third, John O'Brien ;Thirty
fourth, Mr. Ann; Thirty- fifth. L. J. Dolan;
Thirty-sixth, M. S. Sears; Thirty-seventh, H.
M. Kelly; Thirty-eighth. J. J. O Bnen; Thirty,
ninih, John McCarthy; Fortieth, Charles Heg
gerty Forty-first. VV. J. Bryan; 1-orty-second,
\V H Humphreys; Forty-tlnrd, \\m Hender
son; Korty- fourth, H. P. Morton; Forty-fifth,
James I Stanton.
The Junta committee, consisting of M.
0. Hassett, Max Popper, P. J. Harney,
Thomas Haskins, T. J Pinder, W. P. Sul
livan and John F. McGovern, decided to
have four bands, three bonfires and three
speakers' stand? on Grant avenue, be
tween Market and Bush streets. Proces
sions will form in three or four section* of
the City and march to Grant avenue. The
Iroquois CJub will turn cut with the Junta.
The skin is the only part of the numan
body that is not hardened by age.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
•oithi'.kn PACIFIC cohpakt.
. (PACIFIC NVrtTKM.I
*!•■%■■» lettTo nntl j%r«. «lv« to nri'lvtt nl
SAN FttAM'I.SCO.
have — From Jcke 7. 1596. — arri vi
•fl:OO a Niles, San Josa and Way Station*. . . »:43a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Oc<lcn and Kaßt.. S-4.t»
7:0Oa Benida. VacaviUe, JUimssy. Sacr*-
tii-uto, OroTille and Redding vi»
Davis ...... ..v 6:45 p
7:00 a Martinez, San Rsinon, Xapa, Calls*
■ _ A toga and Santa RoSii 6tl9p
StSOAKilcs. San .lose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Marysville and Kec
._ „„ IJluflf 4:19p
■S:3oa Peters and Milton .....< "7:18*
•:WOa Los Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
_ „„ , Barbara and 1 ,os Angeles 4:43*
S:0Oa Martinez and Stockton 1 1:45 a
9:00 A Vallejo , 6:lSp
:OOp Niles, San Jose and Liverraore S.-f 5a
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver Steamers..;...... '0:00?
:3Or Port Costa and Way Stations ....... f7x49z
4iOOp Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Oalisloga, Verano and
Santa K0«a............ 9:15 a
«i«op B-nida, ; VccaviUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MaryaTill6»
m«- Ororillo and Sacrameuto ......... 10:45 a
4»3©pNlleii, San Jose. LiTermore and
Stockton..... 7:15p
4:3«p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
s,m Yosemite) and Fresno 11:45 a
siO#r New Orleans Impress, Fresno, Bakers-
«leld. SanU !Uibara,Los Angelee.
.Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East i 0:13 a
oi9«p Santa Fa Route. Atlautic Express
« -rr'"?, 1 Mt »J aTe ail( East IC:l5a
8:OOpVallcjo 11 -43 a
•:O«H- Kuropcan Ma«. Or-Ich and HaiV.'.V. 9.' < 5
.2 : l * Dayvania, NiU-saml Han J05e...... 7-45 a
-|7:00p Vallejo.. , " t7«4Sp
7:0»p Oregon JOxpreas. .Sacramento. Mary»-
vilk.. Ruling, Portland. r,,g c
■Soiinil ami I'.ast .- °.. 10:4,1 a
SANTA rut:/ >HVI».;o.\ par-row (iuwge,.
. 17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, l- ante Crua "
. . m ■M aad rincipill Wa Stations t9r*3r
5a Newark. lose, Feltou.
Boulder Creek, San U Cruz and Wai
Stations.. BiM»
•»il«p Newark. Ce^terTille, Saii Jose' New *
Almaden, Felton, llonlder Crrek.
fiauta Cruz and Principal Way -
Stations *1I:SO*.
|4tlsp Newark, San Jose and 1.08 Gatos'.'.'.l TH*:.lol
-^ COAST VISION ( U.ir.l A Townseiiil
•6:45 a San Jos., an.l Way Stations . (New ~~~' '
*-, . A --A-'raa^en Wednesdays only) »:«7a
{7<B*a Sunday Excursion for San Josel
1 ' Santa Cruz. Pacific GroTe, all
._ Principal Way Stations tS:33r
•il s a San Jose, Tres Pinos. Santa Crux. *
Pacillc Grove. Paso Robles, Sa«
J.uU ol.ispo, Guadalnpe and Prin-
■ filial Way Stations .............. 7r03»
»:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations........ +1 :3 Op
I O:4Oa San Jose and Way 5tati0n5. ........ 5:OOp
11:30 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30*
• «a:3«p San Mateo. Menlo Parlc. San Jos*
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa Cm*.
._- o BaUnas,Monterey»ii(lPaclßcUroTo "I0:4«a
*S:»OpSan .lose, Pacific Grove and Way
-: -■ Stations .;...... 1..,."...;... * *l;3O»
»4:3orSan Josoand Way Stations... 'moo a
»:3Op San Jose an.l Principal Way Stations •«:4*a
6t..0p San Jose and Way Stations. R-.:\r,
it':4.»i- San Jo»'iiinl Way Stations. .... t7:4.">p
SAX LtAM»KO A.NI> IIAV\VAKI>> LuiiAlT"*"
j «>6:OOa "I ~ -■-.:,. 7.15.
2:2o A • •*•"*
I s<>.ooa :M irwe,Semiß»r y P.rk, JVlj^
a *:g<£ Fit«Ut»rg,S.nLe.«dro
» «* i tm
i-rJSSK Howard.. «Og,
"••"Op " » »:35r
Sloop < Runs through to Nfles. . " : 2**
nil-.lllj tFrornNiies. ._^ttlgooj
CREEK ROUTE. FERRY
rromSAH FKiKSISCO— Foot of Mirtet Street <S l; 81—
•7:15 8:00 11:00 a.m. tl-fln •'2 ; CQ ti-fii
•4:00. t5:00 •6:00r.M. v 2>o ° * 3:01
?r»m OAIUND— Foot or Broad / 12:00 ; . c .no ml
Jig?;:; * 12:00 ' 1:0 ° ««o t «S
■
:-Sundays exce™id B - - P «* Afternoon.
iSunda t Saturdays only.
U "'SSSiIHS'ISfJ «7S*n*^'ilghts only.
>;> awr l la ; ,?.crid ; Sun; lays1 ays for Panto Cnw .
..^4^B BL^^^M BiR w *■ » con-poisonoug
<^|P^*^^a wmedy, for Oonorrhaa,
JBt^r, VV - Es *^| eet - Spermatorrhoea,
i« n id s'-l White*, unnatural dis-
jflEW »t St., i ■ c P ar Kes. or any inflamma-
■ ?£-|pre™£. ? "IS" tl( ? n - irritation or uicera-
ra, "■"• oonttglon. tion of mucous mcm-
l.*l TH EtVANB CheHIC«ICo. Cranes. Noa-astringent.
YaHkC'NCINNim.O E I Sold by OrnjrcUtr,
IjSV v - S. A. 2 iSs or Be nt in plain wr-pper.
<V^^K^^ I by express, prepaid, fuf
V^ffl L^9 \1 1 1 .- 00 ' or 3 botties, o&7\
■.:-: : \^mto^.V\rm Circular seat or. .*■ rtatt.MAMIE NOT ON
MISCHIEF BENT.
Judge Campbell Deals Leni
ently With the Mas
querader.
SHE MEANT NO WRONG.
His Honor Charitably Ascribes
Her Celebrating Attire to
Foolishness.
HAD IMBIBED TOO FREELY.
Her Attorney Ascribes Her Actions
to Liberal and Injudicious
Hospitality.
Mrs. Mamie Baldwin, or Mamie Roland
as she chooses to call herself when Bbc
slips out of her Dr. Jekyll existence and
impeding skirts into a Hyde spree and
masculine apparel, may not look quite as
interesting in conventional garb as she
did the morning of her arrest, but there is
no disputing Judge Campbell's intimation
that she looks a great deal prettier.
As she sat in the absurdly inadequate
courtroom yesterday afternoon awaiting
sentence she looked anything but the em
phatically new woman who celebrated the
Fourth of July by declaring her inde
pendence of skirts and going forth to
exercise man's inalienable right of v/ear
ing trousers and gazing through the bottom
of a cocktail glass at the frescoed ceiling
of a bonton saloon.
Mrs. Baldwin doesn't look like the
The Woman Charged With Wearing Male Attire in Judge Campbell's Court.
*Oman who would enjoy that sort of thing;
at least she didn't look like it yesterday.
Her round baby facw, albeit there is noth
ing about her proportions to otherwise
suggest a juvenile looking out from be
neath a wide brimmed hat, gave her a sort
of innocent Maud Muller appearance that
fitted ill with tbe imaginary picture of a
young lady of the Standard magazine
type drowning the eagle's scream when
the Fourth ol July was very old in all
ports of wicked tipples, and starting in
with tbe early Fifth to properly receive
the next holiday.
Yet thai same young lady answered
demurely when Judge Campbell read from
h s docket, "Mrs. Mamie Roland, for
masquerading in male attire, has pleaded
jfuilty and up for sentence."
Attorney McGrath, who represented the
young woman, made a brief plea for
judicial clemency. "I would like to
nave your Honor consider that she was
celebrating the Fourth of July," ne said.
"Some friends called on her and they
imbibed a little too freely, perhaps. These
friends bantered her to put on male at
tire and go downtown. She finally put on
her husband's clothes—"
"But they were not her husband's
clothes," interjected Judge Campbell.
"She testified they were her brother's."
"That wan a mistake," replied the at
torney, lightly; "they were her hus
band's."
The attorney then proceeded to explain
that his client did not know she had vio
lated the law and had had much cause to
regret her foolish escapade.
"Have you anything to say on your own
behalf in this matter?" asked his Honor.
Tbe fair defendant said never a word, and
she was then told to stand up. The attor
neys and the courtroom loafers craned
their necks to get a look at the woman,
but Judge Campbell's remarks were few,
and as she had taken a seat in a retired
corner few were satisfied.
"I will state," said the Judge, "I am
very mnch more impressed with your ap
pearance to-day than I was tbe other day.
1 would strongly advise you never to put
on male attire again. Such practices are
both dangerous and decidedly improper.
"I think you have already been pun
ished thoroughly. You have had your
Picture in the paper and all that sort of
thing. I don't believe your action was
malicions, but more in a spirit of mis
chief. Under the circumstances I will
not send you to jail. Tne sentence of this
court is that you be fined $5, witb no al
ternative." Which is no penalty at all.
Almost before Judge Canipbell had
ceased speaking Mrs. Baldwin, with the
two ladies who had accompanied her, was
hurrying from the room. A sigh of relief
escaped her as she reached the door, and
it is big odds that Mamie will at least
compromise on bloomers when next the
spirit of '76 urg«s her to break from the
thralklom of conventional female attire
and take liberties with the time-honored
prerogatives of the enemy — man.
POINTED RESOLUTIONS.
The Woman's American Protective Ai
•ociatlon Pick* Up the Gauntlet of
the Woman's Liberal League.
A-t a regular meeting of the United
Councils' committee of the Woman's
American Protective Association held on
Tuesday afternoon, July 7* the following
resolutions were unanimously adopted :
Whereas, The so-called American Woman's
Liberal League of this City, en organization
formed for the avowed purpose of promoting
equal rights to all, free thought, free speech,
etc.; and whereas, if Die members of the
American Woman's Liberal League are hon
est and conscientious in their belief
aud intend to carry out the principles
embodied in their platform they should
j be willing to grant unto others the privilege
of holding an opinion which may possibly dif
fer from that held by the members of the Lib
eral League, without making them the sub
ject of bcurrilous and bitter attacks through
the columns of the daily press; and whereas,
m e American Woman'u Liberal League has
seen fit to denounce through the columns of
the leading paper* of this City the Merchants'
Association and its honorable secretary,
because the said association and its
secretary have deemed it wise and for
the best interests of the city to
support the proposed new charter; and
whereas, tne cause of the above attack arises
from the fact that a certain clause in the laid
charter makes it compulsory that all teachers
to be employed in the public schools of San
F.-ancißco shall have received their education
in the public schools of California- and
whereas, they have demanded that the charter
be defeated because it seeks to protect the
schools of this City from the evils of sectarian
ism, which has been forbidden by the con
stitution of the State and the United States;
and whereas, the object of this organisation
and the action it has taken is to open the
door for the introduction of ecclesiastical con
trol and instruction in bigotry and sectarian
ism, be it therefore
Jietolved, That we the United Councils' com
mittee of the Woman's American Protective
Association condemn the American Woman's
Liberal League as being un-American in its
practices, which are entirely contrary to the
principles embodied in their platform ; and be
it further
Hesolval, That we denounce the attack upon
the Meri-hdut.s' Association and its secretary,
and declare that such attacks as have been
made upon J. Richard Freud as being un-
American and illiberal, and which only could
emanate from miuds which have received their
early training in an atmosphere or school
which breed only Digots aud shallow-braiued
fanatics; and further
Resolved, That v»e indorse most beartily that
clause in the preposed new charter which pro
hibits any but those who were educated in the
public schools of California from teaching
therein ; and be it further
Resolved, That we believe and hold that it
our public schools are not pure and good
enough to receive their education therein,
they should— to be consistent — consider them
selves too good to enter as teachers; and be it
sti' 1 . further
Resolved, That this disloyal attack upon this
provision in the proposed new charter is in
sulting to the intelligence of those who have
been educated in our free public schools, like
wise an insult to the honorable gentleman
who framed tne charter; further
Rftolvtd, That we, as loyal American women,
pledge ourselves to support and do all in our
power be an organization to have the charier
adopted at the coming election; and further
Resolved, That we consider it the duty of
every loyal citizen of the City and County of
Son Francisco who favortt home talent and
public schools free from religious or sectarian
teachings to give his hearty support and use
his influence for the proposed charter at the
coming election, to be held in Novamber. 1896.
I" KITED CorNCILB' COMMITTEE.
A NEW M'KINLEY CLUB.
Xew Officer*, Stirring Speeches and
Cheers.
The Twenty-ninth Assembly District
McKinley Club was organized last evening
at 733 Howard street, and the following
officers were elected : Mike Shaughnessy,
president; Tim Regan, first vice-president;
Harry Wittingbam, second vice-presi
dent; William Savage, third vice-presi
dent; George W. Kearney, financial secre
tary ; John ReardoD, recording secretary;
executive committee — William Doran
(chairman). I\ A. Martin, Terry McManus,
James Galvin, Henry McLanghlin, Frank
McManus, J. J. Feeney; Jack Shaugh
nes9v, sergeant-at-arms.
One hundred aud forty-one members
signed the roll.
On motion of James Oalvin Thomas B.
O'Brien was unanimously indorsed lor
Congress from the Fourth Congressional
District. Speeches were made by Frank
McManus, William Savage, Henry Mc-
Laughlin and others.
The meeting adjourned at the call of tbe
chair, and three rousing cheers were given
for John D. Spreckels and William Mc-
Kinley.
ll^nMa j:riMilifl«£«MV
The Ingleside Republican : Club, about 160
strong, met last night in response to a call for
the purpose of organizing for the campaign.
The meeting was called to order by Ned Den
nis. / - ''.' .. '• '; ■" ', ; '.■■<'' '■';
After the wort of permanently organizing
and naming the club "The Ingleside Republi
can : Club" the following , permanent officers
■were .elected: James Cook, president; Dr.
Taylor, vice-president; Ned Dennis, secretary;
Robert Lee, treasurer. liTjfiJVmii(rnfi)^li%ißri f ",'"T
Speeches were made by a number of promi
nent citizen.", who were frequently cheered.
The meeting adjourned to meet at the call of
the chair. v> • • --■",-■•--' /^.: .^;
■-. One hundred and fifty-four citizens signed
the club roil. . . •. . :
 . .-:.;■■ » ♦ • :
i. l France \ has \ more persons over 60 years
of axe ; than any; other ', country; • Ireland
comes next.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
MAY SHEATH
HE RATE KNIFE,
Fares and Freights to Port
land Likely to Be
Restored.
OFFICIALS TO CONFER
Exodus of a Number of Promi
nent Railroad Men North
ward Bound.
A HEW DEAL IN PROSPECT
Sale of the 0 R. and N. Co.'s Prop.
erty— Details of the Proposed
Reorganization Plan.
Within the next few days a conference
will take place at Portland, Or., between
officials of the Southern Pacific Company,
of the Oregon Railway ana Navigation
Company and of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company, which will in all probabil-
ity result in rates, both passenger and
freight, being advanced.
For nearly ten months a determined
rate war has waged between the Southern
Pacific and the Oregon Railway and Navi
gation Company with disastrous results to
the revenues of both companies, the issue
being the proportion of business etch was
entitled to.
Before the war the passenger rate by
steamer was tls first class and 57 50 sec
ond class, and by rail $25 nrst class and
$16 50 second class. During tbe struggle
for business these were cut to $5 for first
class steamer passage and $2 50 for second
class and to $10 for first-class rail transpor
tation and $5 for second-class fares.
Though not directly interested in the
fight tbe Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany was by force of circumstances in
self-protection compelled to cut its rates
between here and Puget Sound ports from
$20 for first-class fares and $10 for second
class to $8 and $5 respectively.
Freight rates also came down with a
crash. The Southern Pacific rates for
first-class goods was $1 30 per hundred
pounds and other classes in proportion.
The contest brought the first-class rates
down to 40 cents per hundred pounds and
the lower classes tumbled in proportion.
These rates applied from all California
terminals north of Lathrop. Later a spe
cial tariff was issued by the Southern Pa
cific Company from San Fiancisco only
making a rate of 12J^ cents per hundred
pound? for tbe first fonr classes in less
than carload lots and of 10 cents p*er hun
dred in carload lots.
Steamer freight rates followed the down
ward trend. From 75 cents per 100 pounds
for hrst-class freight tbe rate dropped to
30 cents, and in proportion rates went
down all along the scale, from Portland
southbound. Northbound freights fell to
$1 a ton of 2000 pounds or forty cubic feet.
At the recent meeting in this City of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association
the general passenger agents of the South
ern Pacific Company and of the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company were
appointed a committee to settle the differ
ences between the two companies, but this
was looked upon m railroad circles simply
as a pleasantry.
To-day the sale of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company under foreclos
ure proceedings will take place at Port
land, Or., and it is believed that under the
reorganized administration will come a
favorable opportunity for adjusting the
troubles of the past.
On Tuesday night's train J. C. Stubbs,
traffic manager of tbe Southern Pacific
Company; H. R. Judah, assistant general
passenger agent, who has charge of the
passenger business of the Shasta route of
the Southern Pacific Company ; William
Sproule, assistant general freight agent,
who looks after tbe Southern Pacific freight
interests on the name line, left for Port
laud. On the same train there also de
parted for the same destination J. G.
Woodworth, assistant to the receiver end
general manager of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company, who has been
in the City for the past four days, and
Edwin Goodail of the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company.
It is no secret among railroad men that
this simultaneous exodus of these repre
sentatives of the hitherto clashing inter*
ests portends a conference having in view
the signing of a joint treaty of peace.
Under the plan of reorganization, the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Company
will undergo a slight modification in the
title. The word "railway ' will simply be
changed to "railroad." This will be done
to conform to the law in the case.
Receiver McNeil will, it is understood,
be president of the road and Mr. Wood
worth the general manager. The latter is
a comparatively young man for the posi
tion he is to fill, and will probably be the
youngest man in the United States in
such an important position. He is said to
have a very wide acquaintance with busi
ness men, and is thoroughly posted on
railroad matters. He was formerly con
nected with the Union Pacific system.
The sale will be simply a matter of form,
and the road will return to tbe control of
the present stockholders, who have guar
anteed the bondholders the interest on
their securities for ten years. All tbe
present staff of officials will in conse
quence be retained, and the road will re
tain its entire independence.
To just what extent rates will be ad
vanced should an agreement be reached
no one is in position to say, but a serious
disturbing factor will continue to exist in
freight matters at least in the steamers of
the North Pacific Steamship Company,
which company was the real cause of
water freights being forced down to $1 per
ton to Portland.
The new company will probably be in
position shortly after the sale to talk busi
ness with reference to rates. The present
trouble is said to have been one of Hunt
ington's investigations while in this City,
but it is believed that Mr. Stubbs has been
clothed with full power to act for the
Southern Pacific Company.
As the Southern Pacific Company is re
quired to eive ten days' notice under the
interstate commerce act of any change in
rates, it is safe to assume that it will be at
least a fortnight before the new rates be
come operative.
BOYS TO HAVE AN OUTING
Friends and Inmates of the Youths'
Directory Enjoy a Day Under
tbe Trees.
Good Father Crowley r s little wards of
the Youths' Directory are going to have a
grand time to-day. A lovely nook in a
retired corner of Marin County will surely
find its wonted stillness strangely broken
by boyish shouts and songs, while the
birds will have their first opportunity of
singing to the accompaniment of violin,
mandolin, harp and guitar.
The outing promises to be most enjoy
able. About 100 boys will form the larger
portion of the crowd of merry makers, but
will be ably seconded by numbers of the
reverend clergy and other friends. Among
the guests will be the Rev, D. 0. Crowley,
the honored president of the directory;
Miss Nora Sullivan, Mrs. K. Lawlor, Mrs.
J. F. Sullivan, tne Misses Noone, and a
number of musical . people, who intend
giving an impromptu concert under the
trees. Many good things to eat and drink
have been provided, and a number of valu
able and beautiful prizes will be given the
winners in the various ganu-s and racrs.
The railway and streetcar lines have given
the boys free transportation to and from
the picnic grounds, for which they and
their friends are most grateful. A very
enjoyable day i 9 anticipated.
A Turkish turban ol the largest size con
tains from ten to twenty yards of the fin
est and softest muslin.
KEW TO-DAT. i . .'
How to Make
Your Life Happy
; . —T ■'.:..: ■ . !
Regain the Vigor and Knergy of Mnn-
hood— Slake Tour Nerves Strong,
Your Eye Bright and Your Heart
Joyous . With Dr. Sanden's Electric,
Belt.
Yon feel that the world is growing
brighter around you when your nerves
tingle and blaze with animal magnetism.
Get back what you have lost. Be a man
again. Look your friends in the face, and
know that you are not ashamed of your
condition.
No man need be weak. In nature there
is vitality for every man, and if you will
use '• Dr.' Sanden's* Electric Belt you will
get it.
"You remember that when I got your
belt I was pretty far gone with nervous
debility, which was. leading me into the
serious stages best known to those who
suffer . from ■ it. To-day, thanks to « your
belt,' I am a well man in mind and body.
I can say ; that it has done more for me
than I thought anything could, and 1
heartily advise every sufferer from weak-
ness or debility to try : it," says A. K.
Small, Waitsburg, Wash.. February 12.
"In mind and body Imagine ; the
gratitude of the ' man whose memory,
quickness of thought and _ sharp under-
standing, has been restored. The world is
brighter to him. " '
"I am permanently cured of nervous debility,
after using your Electric . Belt for a little over
two months. I nin married and happy, and
confident, from . ujy.. personal- knowledge of
many others;, who. have, used the Belt, that
when it is properly ,used ;. a i cure is , certain,"
•ays S. M. Learned, Aberdeen, Wash., May sth.
v You raav be ; a 1 -'; strong man in muscular
power. "You may ; look healthy,' but ; you
know that all men are not >as strong as
they loon. You may be weak in .vital force.
You may need the tonic building up which
Dr. Sanden's 1 Electric Belt gives. ' It will
not fail you. /' ... (-.;■ '
Dr., Sanden's : Belt, sending * a strong,-
even current of ■ electricity through the
whole body, saturates all the weak I parts
with ; its ; life, develops ' and : expands . the
vital energies, and ' makes; manhood com-
pl.te. v It checks all i waste ". of power in
xrom ten to twenty days. :-^aE&mtfo&9BM
Dr. • Sanden's I celebrated worK, -■ "Three
Classes of ' Men," will r * be ■. sent, closely
sealed, free upon application. J; It ;] gives
full information and. price-list.
SANDEN hLECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office bours; 9 a. it to
8:30 P. ii.: (Sundays, 10 to 1. mBBBBSSam
. Consultation Free and Invited.
: • offices y AT: ,'■;.'■..
LOS ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR^
SOI South Broadway. [253 Washington- street.*
When writing for further particulars to any of the Jfealth or Pleasure Resorts in these columns
kindly mention the CtfjCjC.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
■*-*• being one of the wosdeks of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of . uieaiih, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
• ■■ ■ ■ fornia. .
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TAXK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Route's to the Spring*, S. P. Co. and
S. 1\ and X. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 32 Fourth street, 8. F., or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal. -
/ — A. a lne Ueautiful
; 'HOTEL
WBS* VEHDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
" Never did this popular resort look more Inviting'
than now. v Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds.* Conspicuous ' for its
unexcelled . table, service and general appoint-
ments, . it ■is enjoying deserved patronage, and
prosperity.
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
n ■ n a 1 #% #t hot springs,
PARA SO—- 9 *
. : 5 *B^ ..*•* health, rest, pleas-
ore, climate, ' Accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot noda. tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, bunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance hail for families.
Paralso stands unsurpassed in the Mate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. "• Take train Third
and Townsend streets, San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
daily, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofflce. For
illustrated pamphlets and Hpecial inducements for
1896, address K. KOBKKTSUN. Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
Have Yon Been Trebb Lately? ■
. 1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. • Views magnificent. Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and , farm. Hot and cold
Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postofflce. '
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks." New Improvements every
year, (las and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. Au Ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O.
when ITK'IAH
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
TV. n. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
Til is NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklah, and it is headquarters for
tourists. WWMiajaabytMaßfc^BSKS^
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at
and depart from this hotel. : Free bus to and from
all trains. - Baggage transferred free of charge.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
Soda" BAY, situated ON CLEAR lake,
is most nicturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast -volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out dally, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. -Hunting, fishing, boat ins and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus;
been opened. The table is supplied, with the very
best the market affords, and | the comfort and wet-
fare of all guesta carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. ■ A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pieta - and Highland Springs,
Adams, Selcler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. .Pare
from San Francisco, $5 50; round trip, HO. Spe-
cial rates for families.- U. B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. KWsey vllle. Lake County, CaL :
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA, y
Tocaloma, Bcrtrand's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
I.MRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: '■ IMP
• lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; line trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives i to Bear Val-
ley; pofltofuce, express, . telegraph and livery at
both hotels: terms $8 and $I'^ per weelc
■ -. VICTOH W. KRA USS), Manager.
JOS. F. BEKTRAND, Proprietor. ■'■■-:■. ■ ■-.
City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays. 2 to 4 p. if.
JOHANNISBERC
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
GREAT WING CANYON.
Iron ' Springs, I.nkoa, Bowling - Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, ■ Swimming. Boating and ■
Fishing. ■'. Elevation • nearly 1200 feet.
mSnruvimm* Best Climate for Asthma. vsSiswhbSßß
' SPECIAL OOTTAO h.B for CAMPERa Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa,
after the arrival : of the : morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. I Make your engagements before-
hand. Address WALTER METZ, Napa City, Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 nites from Cazadero, on Stage Line. .
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT.
: cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand red wood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LUTTRINOEK, seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUsE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars. -
ASTORG -SPRirojUHEILAL WATER.
rpHE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH:'
A cures most any disease of long standing: cured
hundreds; r* recommended " by ; tbons inds In four
months in thin city : no agents. ;A. ASTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor: Glenbrook Hotel, * Lake
County, one-quai ter mile from spring, has piivllege
of the water. ".' ~ ■ ' • '
HAZEL^GLEN.
GOOD PLAIN "BOA IN PRIVATE * FAM-
vT. lly five miles fromCloverdale: rates moderate.
Inquire ; of MRS. T. MOLLER, Cloverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 203 Powell st. \. :, .. ■.......;.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN : THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
A Mountains.' , Board - from *7 to flO •a > week.'
Campers' rttum ticket, »2 50. Send for circular
to • M. S. COX, Laurel, CaL
: GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid ; Can Surely
Kegain Health— Where the Tourist
v May Kegalo Himself Upon
Magnificent ■■ and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilcrlm May Find
Kest, Refreshment and Kelaxacion.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and • Recuperation.
A Kural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed In (.arments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lifts His
tihiistly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature Own Fountain.
AXE 8 :1!5 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
X Third and Townsend streets, 8% hours from
Ban Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
JBST Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
Slim CATALISI ISIiSD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHK'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
| necting the island with the wires of the world.
— - mmm * m —^—^
i T7NEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
«J coast excursions, tally-bo staging, wild goat
I bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
| cinq, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
! concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
; Metropoie now open. Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to - ; ' .
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
. %Ti South Spring st-, Los Angeles. Oat
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R.. via Sausalito ferry.
Train leaves at j 1 :43. Hotel Cnzadero rates. 910
to 14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, $6 to S3
1 per week; tents, $3 to $5 per week, bend for cir-
; cular. .
C. F. BURKS, Proprietor.
• ' Cazactero, Cal.
fITT" I fffin noT SPRINGS, Sonoma
V If AI• I ' V County, only 41,3 hours from
V ft ultiT\ Ban Francisco; but 9 miles
II |\ ft 11 11 II Htagiric;: new road through
****** VI ** *» canyon: new stage.?; sauitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130 s Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquito* and other annoying
insects unknown. TaVe Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. : Round-trip ticket only I 96.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall and express.
Rates $12 a week ; baths free.
» J. P. MULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNT
AN IDEAL PLACK FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; %-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lyttoh Geyser
6*oda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
- The Gem of Sonoma County.
■■■•" Nine miles from Santa Rosa.'. -
TVTITHIT3 BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
- . TT bor; the place where you feel at tiomt-. , Table
first Class. Croquet. Billiards,- Shuffle- board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
ing and Hunting. - Terms, 10 and 12 per week.
Special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
FRESE & JUERGENSEN.
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
TWO MILES FROM HOPLAND. MKNDOCINO
1 A County, for your health and pleasure. The best
I medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feel above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot.-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements.' Free ou.i
to 7:30 train from ban Francisco, and other trains
when notified. . Terms. *10 per week.
.0. HO WELL, President.
Telephone at Postofflce. -■•-.■
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
T>ECRKATtON. rYcST*AND HOME FOB IX-
X\ vallds, consisting of large main building, cot-i
tages and tents on mountainside overlooking Xnp.»
Valley. Steam beat,' elevator, call hells and night-
watch service. Massage, electricity, medicated
and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful inoun
tain walks are among the amusements, : ure
water, air and a beautiful climate. ■ Accommoda-
tions lirst class. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
HOWARD pps. s 5 R V N u c T s iH,
■- LAKK COUNTY. - . . '■
CHANGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
V^ proved. ..Accommodations— andscrv.ee
strictly first class: rait* *10, £12:, special terms
for families; postotlice and telephone on premises;
round trip $10: tickets at •*. P. Co. offices: cotre-
spondence invited. Address PROF. JULES
HEUOKN, Manager. ■
CISCO.
\fOUNTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
ITI from San Francisco, via C. P. R. It. ; air and
water cannot be excelled; particulars and rates on
application. HhltsEY <fc • FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco.' Placer County, Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL BUMMER
resort in State: > 8 different springs: good fish-
Ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
«lor P. P.. Lake Co., Cal. - ,
ALTAIHOST HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION;
0 Occidental, Sonoma County, ■'. .
/"VN THE N. P. C. R. R., •IS NOW THOR-
\S oughly 'renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $8 to $8 per , week. Sp •cial rates
to families. "Climate perfect.
- ; DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor. .
URIAH STABLES AND STAGE - < WAN.
\%r '.; H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOOD TURN-
TT • out* for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Uklah, Cai. Vichy Springs stage meets alt
trains. x Daily stage < for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga bprintg aod Upper Lake.' . ,■
'FUN
• IN A TANK.
TANK.
Sport and health both swimming
i In the bier tank (30x75 feet) filled
' with naturally warm mineral water
2etna springs
I Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train for Bt.
! Helena. stage meets you there at 10 a. m. Un-
| limited round-trip tickets, .87. Rates, $10 to 814 a
I week. Hotel, clubhouse, recreation oi all kinds.
i For further information call at 318 Battery su,
j San Francisco or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Lldell P. P.. X»p» County. Cal. '  ,
CAPITOLA.
SffiWOT EM RESORT,
p..'-(ii.i.pii;B^TtWti^t-.3., 4 allies East .of
f r i^. I'TTMi|iiTog2KTj1 'TTMi|iiT0g2KTj Santa Cruz.
' f*i"MawjLJlg!!L Hotel at water's edge:
■sOBBAwqHiV furnished and partly
:..*_<' J , furnish'd cottages: free
~~*~£ SBfZ camp ground; salmon
; ~ ** * and tront fishing.
~" ~~"~~"— ~" F. KAN IE R, Bupt.,
. . . Capitol a. CaL
MOUNTAIN HOME.
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountain*.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
■ ing. Hew dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
'. excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staee at Madrono every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:16 a. m.
' . . VIC PO.VCELET. Ohm, Cat
! BOCA HOTEL
Boca, Cal,
TTEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
-I A their families. Excellent table and newly-
fitted rooms. Daily stage leaves hotel for LAKE
! INDEPENDENCE the "Queen of Mountalu
1 Lakes.' For information address
i JAS. McDONAID, Boca, Cal. "-
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
L, VKK COUNTS'.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip ticket* at Bonthern Pacifc offices, *10: special
! conveyance daily. For inforn address JOHN
| SPAULDING, Seigler Spring*. Lake County, CaL
m:c]via.tii's.
BEST PLACE IN CALIFORNIA. THE OPEN
I ' season for deer begins July.l 6. and those who
wish to have a good bunt and trout fishing time
i and a general rood omlnc should visit or address
A. B. McMATH. Hull vllle. Lake Co., via Ukiah.
Potter Valley daily stage; can stop ac the house
i or camp in mountains. Terms reasonable.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
POSS VALLEY, XEAK SAN RAFAEL: COT-
It tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
in, pavilion: ealt witter bathing.
MRS. PETKR SMITH, Marager.
WHITE OAK FARM.
YEAR CLOVERDALE; PLENTY OF FRUIT,
iV vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
etc. : terms $7 per week. Address W. H. HIATT,
Cloverdale. Cal. ■ ■
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE ' HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
| ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
■ morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
| LINDSEY, Glenwood, Cal. •
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, MSKIVOU ' COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
i sulphur baths. .
! ' -'- EDSOJf BROS., Proprietors.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian River. Terms very reason-
; able. For particulars address
' JOHN TAYLOR, Manager.
| Hilton Postofllce, Sonoma County.
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
| ft Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, scrofula. Diseases of Kidneys
! and Bladder and all Urinary. Diseases man Is heir
I to. For rates and fare apply to
| ■W. J. O'XKILL, 132 Sixth St.
LAKE TAHOE-McKINNKY'S
MOST SHELTERED SPOT AND POPULAR
family resort: large new hotel; iron spring;
large dancing-hall and parlor: ' hot baths. Table
1 excellent. Terms, $10 to $12 per week. Round
i trip tickets to Tnhoe City, $10.
j MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR THe SUMMER.
CUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dree« P. O. box 226.
I VERSIDK RANCH— ON THE BANKS OP
| It Eel River. 6 • miles from Potter Valley, Men-
: docino County: round trip, *9 75 from San Fran-
: cisco: fishing, hunting, but lng and boating
surpassed. Terms, 97 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
! OlLLEspik, Potter Valley, Mend no County. .
TTOTEL DXL MAX— ON.THE SEASHORE: 30
XX untunes' ride from Snnta Cruz; climate per.
fact; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
ing, fishing; bu»e.-« meet all- trains; children, $3
to $5 per week; adults. $9 per week; special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Bant* Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, a. F. ' - -
HOTEL VICTORIA, SOXOBA, CAL,, THE
gem of; h<> mountains, famed for Its equable
j and salubrious - climate; near ' nature's "won-
derland: altitude 11*85 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise; the accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be ' found of the highest
order; rates «10 to $15 per.week. JOHN C. MOR-
RISON, lessee. -:-■»;■-■■■
BLUK LAKES PLEASURE . KKBORT- NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the eiie*t.s: . the pavilion built
Aver the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes. *• - '
TT BBLMONT. SAN iiATEO . COUNTY.
■i\. board for summer mo.uhs: .- private ■ family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; • 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour %a city. MRS. HAXSEN.BaImoaL
ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE;
I) plenty milk, - cream, chickens and fruit: good
accommodations. - Address Brookslde. Napa.
T ONU WOODS*. 'IDEAL BUMMER . RESORT;
XJ send for illustrated pamphlet and terms. - Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal. .-.-■-
A NITA. VILLA, WRIGHTS, SANTA CRUZ
J: V. Mountains— Fine family resort. J. HaEs>-
TERB, proprietor.
/CYPRESS LaWN FKUIT FARM— GOOD. TA-
\J ble; home comforts. T. H. KP^Y, Napa, CaL
•CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent I to any address In • th«
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, poat-
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
fr«*Mfri nr .ran . stAKEEra.
Silver a fraction higher.
Wheat doing better.
Other Cereals quiet.
Hay weak and plentiful.
Bran and Middlings lower.
Flour unchanged.
fome changes la Beans.
Vegetables In good supply.
Butter steady. Cheese firmer.
Ranch Eggs doing better.
Poultry very dull.
Apricots still advancing.
Dried Apricots dull and lower.
Oranges weak.
Berries in large stock.
Provisions unchanged.
New York Exchange lower.
THE FKUIT EXCHANGE.
The regular ticket of tne San Francisco Fruit
Exchange to be voted for at the annual election
Jnly 14, Is as follows: President, Herman Bendel;
vice-president, A. D. Cutler; treasurer, Abe Rosen
berg: board of directors—Herman Bendel, D. E.
Allison, P. D. Code. X. A. Curtis (Sacramento). A.
D. Cutler, Frank Dalton. A. G. Freeman, C. C.
Kinsev, Abe Rosenberg; committee of appeals-
B. A. Cohen, A. B. Field, M. J. Fontana, I. H.
Morse, J. L. W lls 01^
■
explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. The top figures
: a - station indicate maximum ■ temperature for the
days; those underneath It, if any. the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and hundredth*.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect polii's of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
is usually accomuanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompitnied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interior 1
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
• north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb- I
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and !
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer j
' weather may be expected in summer and colder ]
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
v.-il! produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Dkpabtmknt OF Agricul
ture:, Weathkb BrREAt', San Fbancisco, July
'8, 1896, 5 p. m. Weatner conditions and general
forecast:
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 64, Fresno 110, San Diego 72, Red Bluff
108. San Luis Obispo 84, Yuma 106, San Francisco
68, Los Angeles 82.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 68,
minimum 55, mean 62.
The pressure has fallen slightly over the north
ern half of the Pacific Coast and has risen slightly
over Nevada and Southeastern California. There
are no well-marked high or low areas and the con
ditions are favorable for generally fair and con
tinned warm weather in the coast states, with ■
cloudy weather and possibly light thunder-storms j
in the interior.
The temperature has risen slowly over | Oregon
and Washington and has fallen in Central Cali
fornia and Northern Nevada. The fall in tempera- ]
ture in Nevada is probably due to light showers.
The temperature has riser, decidedly In Northern
Arizona. Very warm weather has prevailed In
the San Joaquin Valley and the northern portion
of he Sacramento Valley. Within a distance of
100 miles from San Francisco there is a difference
01 60 degrees of temper
Forecast made at san Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnuht, July 9, 1896: '
. Northern — Fair. Thursday; contin
ued warm weather in the valleys; light northwest
erly winds on the coast; probably light fog along
the coast
southern California— Fair Thursday; continued
warm weather Inland; light westerly winds.
Nevada— Thunder-showers in the northern por
tion Thursday morning; fair Thursday continued
warm weather. .
Utah— Fair Thursday: continued warm weather.
Arizona — Fair Thursday; continued warm
weather.
Ban Francisco' and vicinity — Fair Thursday;
light southwesterly, changing to northwesterly
winds; light fog off the coast.
Ai.exaniikk G. McAdie,
. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
KEW YORK. N. V.. July The stock mar
ket, while a little livelier than - on yesterday, may
still be called intensely dull.. The total transac
tions were 133,083 : shares. Sugar and tobacco
made exceptional gains of about 2y, the former
rising from 109% to 111% and the latter from
60% to 62%. The rise induced realizations dur
ing i ;it- afternoon under which the whole list yield- I
ed VW&HSS- In the absence of any Known cause,
the decline was ascribed to the news from the Chi
cago convention regarding the tree sllverltes and
the radical measures proposed In the platform.
These matters gave the bears an opportunity to
hammer the list, tint they made comparatively
little impression on prices, and commission houses
reported few offerings for the long account. In
many quarters the belief obtains that the late de
pression in prices fully discounted anything that
the Chicago convention may do in the way of free
silver. At the moment the business' of the ex
change Is confined almost exclusively to the room
traders, but leading operators are expected to
take a hand after the convention takes definite
action. Speculation closed weak in tone.
■ The active stocks showed net losses of i/s to («•
per cent. the Grangers leading. Leather preferred
gained %. Jersey Central 1, and Tobacco 1 1/4 on
the day. The operations for London account were '
less Important than of late, and consisted of sales
01 about 2000 St. Paul.
Bonds were dull and firm; sales were 508,000
Kansas Pacific .sixes of 1895 rose 1 to 11 HA: Mo
bile and Ohio. 1 to 104%: St. Paul fours, 1% to
95%; Northern Pacific consolidated fives, »A to
4634. and Chicago and Erie firsts. % to 108 V*
In Government bonds $33,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at liey* to 110%, and $6500 do of 1907
ftt 108.
Grain.
FLOUR — Weak; winter wheat, low grades
$1 75@2 25: do patents, $3 50@3 80: Minnesota
nou^l^Kr d ° PaU)DIB * 316 ® 4 - Rye
CORNMEaL— Steady; yellow Western, *» 05£s
2 10: Brandy wine. $2 15.
RYE— Dull : Western. 38c f. o. b.
BARLEY— 49 Ib sucks quoted 32c tO. b.
BARLEY Western, 48@53c.
WH EAT— Spot market dull, firmer with op
tions; f. a b.;65%c; ungraded red, 56@60c: No.
1 Northern, 65 Vic. : -
Options were dull and firm at yzGt&/&c higher
w th the West, better cables and local lovering
speculators watching the reports from the Chicago
convention. September and December most active.
No. 2 red July. 6i%c; August, 621/4 C; September,
6284 c; Oc ober, O;.S/ 8 c; December, 64% c. ■-
CORN — Spot dull, firm; '«o. a, 32 site 33c eleva
tor; :-:33/ 8 (g(3334c afloat. . ■
Options were dull and , flrmj _%@%c advance on
local covering and - •Kith the West. . October and
September most active. July, 33c; August, 331,4c
s.epiemoer, 33% c: October, 34c. . .
. OATS— Spot, dull, firm. . '
Options dull, firmer; July, 20*/ 8 c; August, 19% -
-• September, We. .-,.-, ..."*'.
spot prices: No. 2. 20%r: No. 2 white. 218/ c;
No. 2 Chicago. 21% c; No. ■3. 19 Vic : No 8 while,
20% c: mixed Western. 21@22c; white do, 2366
2SW": white state, i'3®2siAc. '•--.
FEED BRAN— BO@S"O%c:
MIDDLIN"(iS— 6O&62IAC. - ;
KTE-Keed, 65c
''roviaion*. 'j
BEEF-Qulet. Family, $8 509: extra mess,
FINANCIAL."
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WMtELOCK & CO.,
■ 4 LeidesdorJT St., Tel. Main 1054.
• . . BRANCH OFFICE -".• -...>":• : . !
628 Market St., Palace Hotel. Tel Main 6828
>= ;- J. S. PCRDY, Manager. °
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
j'-** tations. Reference Ist National Bank, S. F.
; Chicago, siay axe ViIHH. maw io rk.
96@7: Beef bams, Inactive, 914@1 8; tlerced beef,
dull, steady; city extra India mess. 911@13: cut
meats, firm, moderate demand; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4%@43Ac: pickled shoulders, 4i/ 8 (g)
4S/,c; pickled bams. »i/i@loc , -•'
LARD- Quiet. - Western - steam. 94 10 asked;
city, S3 60(43 60; July, 94 07: refined slow, conti
nent. 94 36; south American, 94 76; compound, 4
©41,4 c, .
PORK— Steady, moderate demand; old mess,
97 75@8 25; new mess, 98 50®8 75. -
BUTTER— Quiet. State dairy, 12@15c; do
crrmaery, 11%<?B15%c: Western dairy, 9@l2c;
do creamery, 11%@16r; do factory. B<ailc; Elgins,
15c: imitation creamery, 10@12c  ■ ,■
CHEESE— State large, 6%@6*4c; full • skims,
l%@2c . .
EGGS— Fairly steady, quiet; State and Penn
sylvania, 13c; Western fresh,. ll@l2c; do per
case, $1 50@3.
TALLOW— DuII, easy; city, 3%@3i4c: country,
SV»@3Vic. '
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, easy; Crude, 20®
21c; yellow, prime. 243,4<525c asked; do off grade,
243/ic • . ■
. ROSlN— Quiet, steady. Strained, common to
good, 91 67%@1 70. .
TURPENTINE— DuII steady; 25i4@253 / ; c .
POTATOES— Choice, steady.
RlCE— Firm. Domestic fair to extra, 3®53 / 4c;
Japan, 4@4i4c. ■ ->< '-
MOLASSES— Moderate demand. New Orleans
open kettle, good to choice. 27@37c
COFFEE— Quiet; 5 to 15 points down. July.
911 86; September. 810 76@10 80: October,
810 35@10 40: December. 910 16(310 25; May,
910 05. spot Rio dull, steady; No. 7, 13c
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady. Fair refining,
215-16 c; centrifugals 96 tent. 3 7-16 c; refined,
quiet, unchanged; off A, 4y*@4S/ g c 9 &>! mold
A, 6c: standard A. 4is4c: confectioners- A. 4%c;
cut loaf ■■ 53/sc; crushed. 5&/« c: powdered, 6c ;
granulated, 4%e; cubes, sc.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags. B%<a9%e.
PEACHES— PeeIed, ft U>, 12@13c; do nnpeelea.
6HBc
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal; 5c
RAISINS— 3%@4c; do four-crown,
6c; do London layers, 91@1 05.
HOPS— Quiet, unchanged.
WOOL— Firm, unchanged. ■
Merchandise.
. PIG IRON— Quiet, unchanged.
COPPER-Dull; lake. 811 60.
LEAD-Steady: domestic, *2 97%.
TIN -Quiet; straiw. 913 65; plates quiet.
bPELUEk-Qulet: domestic 94 07%-
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Ilk, July B.— lnterest In the specu
lative grain markets to-day was distracted by the
posting of bulletins from the Democratic Conven
tion. Business was consequently light and unim
portant, prices averaging steady to firm. . Liver
pool cables were unchanged, and Continental ir
regular.' Receipts were 64 cars at Chicago and
438 In the Northwest. Withdrawals from store
amounted to 19.666 bushels. Export clearances
amounted to 230,820 bushels. September wheat
opened from 565/g@s6%c, advanced to 67@57%c
closing at st> y g @57c, %c higher than yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow 143 cars.
CORN— Was slow and generally . steady, the
action corresponding with that of wo eat. Re
ceipts were 346 cars, and 294.454 ■ bushels were
taken from store. Export clearances amounted
to 207,198 bushels. Liverpool cables were dull.
September corn opened at 27Vs c < sold between
26% c and 27Vs@'^7V4c, closing at 27% c, m
changed from yesterday. Estimated receipts for
to-morrow 640 cars.
Developed nothing Interesting. The air
of dullness was present here as elsewhere on the
floor. Receipts were 146 cars, and "6,730 bush
els were taken from store. September oats closed
Va&Vic higher. Estimated receipts for to-mor
row 170 cars.
FLAX — Was steady. Cash, 71c; . Septem
! ber, 71c: December, 73Vi& Receipts were 21
: cars.
PROVlSlONS— Manifested moderate firmness
! under the Influence of a good hog market. Prices
declined later on moderate offerings, no demand
or consequence appearing: September pork and
lard closed 10c lower, and September ribs 7%@
10c lower.
BUTTER— Wai quiet and easy to-day. Prices
were unchanged.
Creameries— Extras. 14% c; firsts, 1301 4 c:
I seconds, 10@12c; imitations, fancy. 12c. Dairies—
Extras, 12c: firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras. 10@10%c; firsts, BVi@9c; packing stock,
(•c; roll, 6(&7c
i EGGS— Steady. Fresh stock sold at 9%@10%c
! ft dozen.
MONEY— Was 6@6% on call and 6£ on lime
I loans. New York exchange sold at 25c discount.
Closing; Prices.
wheat- Juiv. 55% c; September, 56%@67c:
December, 68%@59c.
CORN— July, i!6%c; September. 27V c: May,
29%@29%c •:-■"- :■•
OAIS- 15Vi@15t&c; September. 15s/ 8 @
16Vic; May, 18c. ' W
PORK— September. 96 70: January. 97 72%.
LARJJ— September. *3 75: January, $4 07%.
P.llib-Septemoer. S3 65; January, 93 80.
Livestock.
ONION STOCKYARDS, 111.. July 8. -The
1 cattle market was fairly active and steady to-day.
1 Hogs sold at steady prices, closing weak. Sheep
were strong.
CATTLE — Recelnts, 11,000. Fancy beeves,
S4 55&4 65: choice to prime. 1300 to 1800 pound
Biters. 94 25@4 50-. good to choice steers. 1200
to 1701) pounds. 84 10<34 20: medium steers. 1000
to 1350 pounds, 93 80«^4 05; common to lair steers, i
960 to 1200 pounds. 93 40<a>3 75: feeders. I
' 800 to 1200 pounds. S3 46@3 85: common to choice j
I stocicers. 92 60Cct>3 45; Dolls, poor to cnoice. 32
@2 76: cows and heifers, extra, 93 76@4; cows,
fair to Choice, s'_' 6061)3 60: cows, common to fair
canners'. flfaj'J 26; • calves, good to choice, i
! 94 TS'45 25; caves, common to good, 9304 70; ;
Texas fed steers, 93 10(^3^0; Texas cows, bulls ana !
! oxen, 91 76@3 00; milkers ana springers, per head,
$'J0(5,40; Texas grass steers. 92 60@3.
HOGS— Receipts. 24,000. Heavy packlns ana.
shipping lots, 93 10K3 40: common to choice
mixed, (3 15f0.3 55: choice assorted. 93 6503 60; >
light, 93 30643 65; pigs, 92 76(33 60. -
bUEKP— Receipts. 14,000. interior 10 caoloe,
92<a4; lambs, 93&6 60.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy; last loan 2% and closing of
fered at 1%. Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5%%.
Bar sliver, 68 7 Mexican dollars, 53*/4@s4^c
Sterling Exchange is quiet, with actual business in
bankers' bills at 94 87 V4 for 60 days and 94 87S^
@4 88 for demand. Posted rates, 94 87Vi&4 88%.
Commercial bills, 94 86%. Government bonds
quiet; State bonds dull: railroad bonds firm. Sil
ver at the board was higher. . /.•■•:
--exosnto STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... 91 Norfolk <fe West rn. 5%
Atcb150n.... ........ 13% Preferred. 11% 1
Preferred 20 Northern Pacific. 8
Adams Express. 145 Preferred. 16 K<t,
Alton. Terre Haute 68 Northwestern 9S)V*
American ExpresslO9 Preferred .149
American To Dacca 61% N. Y. Central 96%
Preferred 109 N.Y. , Chicago** L, 12 ■
Bay State Ga5...... 20 Ist preferred..... 6H
: Baltimore <fc Ohio.. IW| Yd preferred...... 27
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.&N. H.......175
buffalo, Koch &P. 18% N. V. A New Eng. 48
Canada Pacific 60% N. V., Susq A W... 8
I Canada southern.. 4ttV 4 Preferred ....... 22%
I Canton Land...:... Ontario/. '. 11%
1 Central Pacific 16 Ontario <t Western 18%
! Ches. it Ohio.. i 4.'; s Oregon lmprovmut %
I Chicago Alton 166 Preferred — -
■ Preferred 370 Oregon Navigation 12
Chicago, b: A a... 71% Oregon Short Line. 10%
Chicaeo* E. 111... 41 Pacific Mall.. 22%
Preferred ...99 Peoria, D. A Evans 1%
Chicago Ga5 ........ 677/ 8 Plttsburg A W. ptd 16
I Cleve<t Pittsburgh 164 Pullman Palace.... 166
Consolidation Coal. 32 [Quicksilver. -1%
Consolidated Ga5. .153 1 Preferred......... 18
C. C. C. A St. Louis 28 'Reading 13%
Preferred... 75 JRloGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 21% l Preferred . 40
Preferred. 100 Rock 151 and........ 62%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 10 Rome WatAOgden.ll4Vii
Commercial Cable. 14-5 St. L. AB, W...... S a A
Del. Hudson 124 1 Preferred......... 9V4
■ Del. Lack*. Westrn. 167 St. Pau1............ 76% !
Denver &R.G.....' 12% Preferred. 127%
Preferred...:..... 46-. St. Paul A Duluth.. 18
Distillers. 13%' Preferred... 80%
General Electric... 25% St. Paul A Omaha. 38*4
Erie..::.7:~nT.*.T.''. 14%; Preferred.:. :.;... l23%
Preferred......... 34 IBUP. M. AM.. 109
Fort Wayne. 160 silver Certificates. 69
Great Northern pfdlls -1 Southern Pacific... IBV4
Green 8ay.......... % Southern R. R..... 8%
Harlem. ...'. 294 I Preferred 25%
Hocking Coal 1 Supar Refinery ....110
Hocking Valley.... 16% Preferred. 100 ■
. Homeslake. 83 Term. Coal A Iron. 20%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 80.
Illinois Central..... 92 Texas Pacific IVk
lowa Central 7ViToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
' Preferrea......... 28 |Tol. A Ohio Cent... 80
Kansas A Texas. -11 - Preferred....; 70 ■
Preferred 22%Tol.SuLouls<&K.C. 5
Kingston A Pern... 3 [ Preferred ..6
Lake Erie A Westn Union Paclhc. -....." 6*4 |
' Preferred.....:... 68 U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2
LakeSbore... ...... 142 U. S. Coraase 4%
National Lead 22 Preferred. 8%
Preferred 86 Guaranteed ...... 17-
Long Island ,76 : U. a Express 40
Louisville A Nash. 48% U. a. Leather...... 7%
Louisville. NaACh 7% : Preferred. .. 68
-Preferred......... 17% U. S. Rubber..-;.... <" 17%
Manhattan Consol. 96% - Preferred. ! 73-
Memphis A Charts. .16 Jutica AB. River. .160
Mexican Central... 9 Wab. B. L. A Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. , 94 I Preferred 16V4
Minn A 8. L. IWells-Fargo. 90 •
Preferred Western Union.... 82%
Minn A St. Lcom. 16 . Wisconsin Central. 1V»
1- Ist preferred. 70 ■ Wheeling AL. E.. •. 8%
2d preferred 40 Vs Preferred 31%
Missouri Pacific.. ■ 20% jAm Cotton Oil pfd. 60V4
Mobile A Ohio 18Vi W. U. 8eef...... . 7Vi
Nashville A Chatt. 38 Ann Arbor : 7%
National Linseed.. 17% ~ Preferred........... 22%
N. J. Central . . . ... . 101% Brooklyn Traction. , 21 #
North American... 4% l Krle 2d pld ....... 19%
;'■';. 'iv.-'J closing BONDS.
C 8 4s, registered.. 108 |MKT2ds.. 66
Do 4s. coupon.... 108% Do 4s ; * ' "83
C 8 4s new, regstrdllt.% Mutual Union "114
Do 4s, coupon.... 116y !N J Cent Gen 5s "117%
•^°*«- ••••— ,? 5 Northern Pac 15t5.113%
D 055 ..".:...: 112% •D02d5...... 11l —
i 06s, coupon.... 112% 'DoSds... .*" <70
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols'. 140
. D 0,1887....:.....101» Do deb 5s 110 •
Do 1898......:... 10(» OR AN lsts. 106
<• Do 1899.. .100 StL&lronMtGen'os 76
Pacific- of .* 5 -'-; — St LA 8 F Gen 6s. 1 10 ',
DC 3-bss.-....:.....109y 4 St Paul Consols... 128%
Ala Class A 45..... 103 StPCAPalsts 117
;Do Class 84, 65.. 106 -i Do Pac Cal lsts. .111 Vi
La Consol 4s . . . . ;.- 96 1/4 Southern RR 5s . - 893.
Missouri funding... Texas Pacific lsts. S3M,
N Carolina con 65.. 120 Texas Pacific 2ds 19^
'Do 45. V.."..:...-... 100 Union Pac lsts »6,103Va
So Carolina 4Vi&... 102 t- West Shore 45?.. !..104^
Term new 3s.. ..-.:.' 80 ' Mobile A Ohio 4s -64- '■
Va funding debt... 66% It Grande West lsts 74%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1836.
Do registered ChesAOhio 65... .106%
Do deferred 65... 5 Atcnlson 4s. 78 .
Do trust rcpts st. '5 Do 2ds A .'- 39 '
Canada South 2ds.. 108 GHAB A6s .....101
Ceu Pac lsts 0f '95.100 : >-' Do 2d 7s .':..:'.... 96
Den ARG Ist 11l HA Tex Cent 55.. 107 .
Do 45.. ............ «p:> 4 Docon6s. 100 -
Erie ads ........... 633,4 Reading 4s 76%
Kansas Pa Consols 67 Missouri 6s. 100 --
Kb Pa lstii Den dlvll3
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IK UVBBrOOC
LIVERPOOL, En«.. July The spot market
Is steady at 6s 2%d. Cargoes steady at 263, sellers
prompt shipment. >'pBinJM
V. • : FUTDBH). •
. Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations .- for No. 2 . Red Winter:
July, ■4s 9%d; August, is 93/ 4 d; September, 4s
9%d; October, 4s 9'id: November, 4s lOd.
SKCUBITIKS.
LONDON, Esq.. July B.— Console 118 11-16;
silver, 31% d; French Rentes, 1011 70c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day 5....... — (488
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables — 4 1)9%
New York Exchange, p1ght....... — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine silver, ft ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars.. 64V4 * > 4 ! }4
♦
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Opens rather higher after the holi
days, In sympathy ' with .an • advance at , Chicago.
No. 1. 82%@93%c; choice, 95@97%c; lower
grades, 87%®90c; extra choice for milling, 91®
110 ft ctl.
"ALt, BOARD SALKS.
■ r.NFOKHATi Session— lo o'clock— December—
100 tons. 98 Vie
KKotitiK ' Mobnins (SESSlON— December— 200
tons, 98% c; 1200, PBs.sc. May— loo, 91 0214.
aftkbnoos Session — Decemoer — 200 tons,
98% c
B * RLE Y— Quotations show no disturbance.
Feed, 67%@68%c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing,
76@80c * cv. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Sessiox— 10 o'clock— December— loo
tons, 69c; 200, 69 1/4 c.
Beguub Jiobsimi Session— May— loo tons,
70c. December— 700. 70 Vic; 500, 7054 c; 300,
70% c. ■-■-;• .
Akteknoox Session — December — 100 tons.
70% c.
OaTS— Offerings are ample for all current needs
and the market is dull. Milling are quotable at
87%@90c: fancy Feed, 90@92%c ft ctl: good to
choice, Bi!%@9oc; common to fair, 77%@80c;
Gray, 80@«a%c; Surprise, 95c(©91 02%. .
CORN— There 'Is no change whatever. Large
Yellow is quotable at 90@95c Vi ctl; small Round
do, 97% c: White, 77%®82%0 ft cU.
RYE— at 72%@76c ft ctl for old and Vie
for new.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9Oc fj ctL
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
93 75@3 85 ft bbl; Bakers.' extras, 93 55©3 60;
superfine, 92 75@»3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn. '. 919 50@20;
Cracked Corn, 920 60@21 ft ton. '
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: .Graham Flour,
284 c: Bye Flour, 3Vic; Rice Flour, 7Vic; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, B Vic; Oatmeal,
3%c; Oat Groats, 4%c; Hominy, 4&4% c: Back
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%c;. Farina,
4%c; Wholewheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4V*c;
Peart Barley, 4 Vic; Split Peas, 4%c ; Green do,
6 1 AC ft th. • ■ :
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-Lower at SI 4 60@15 50 for the best and
913 50@14ftton for outside brands. ..
MIDDLINGS— Lower at 91 6@17 ft ton for lower
grades and 817 60@18 60 ft ton for the best. ' >
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 915@15 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. 921 per ton; jobbing, 922;
{ Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market. . .
HAY— Continues weak with large supplies. New
Wheat, 97 50310; New Wheat and Oat. 97@9:
new Oat. $6@B; new Barley, 96@8; River Barley,
94 60@5; Alfalfa. 96@6 50; new" Clover, 96@7 60.
BTRAW-30@40cVbale.
BEANS 'AND SEEDS.
BEANS— SmaII Whites sell well, but other kinds
are quiet. Bayos are quotable at 90@97%c ft ctl;
Small Whites, 95c@91.10 ft cU: Pea, 91 20
©140: Large Whites, 90c@fl 05; Pink. 76<a86c;
Reds, $1 10@l .SO: Blackeye, 91 60@l 60; Red
Kidney, nominal: Lima*. 92 35@2 85; Butters,
91 35@1 50 for small and 91 60@l 75 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at SI 50©
2 '•!'> "potl: Trieste, $2@2-60 ft oil: Yellow Mus
tard. #1 40®l 50: Flax, 91 70@l 80; Canary, '_'3; C
V Ib; Alfalfa, 7%@9% ft Ib; Rspe, 2VicfiS:
Hemp, SVjcft Ib. -
DRIED PEAS— 9I 25@1 40 ft CU for Niles and
91 2&@l 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Some - kinds i are bringing more
1 money. Garnet Chiles, 80<$95c ft ctl; Peerless. 80c
i @91; Early Rose. In sacks, 65@90c; Early Rose In
I boxes, 76@90c; Bur bank Seedlings, 70c®91 25 ft
I ctl.
ONIONS— White, 40@50c; Red, 15©25 eft ctl.
, VEGETABLES— Tomatoes are lower. Morgan-
I stern A Mllzner of Vacavillesent In 89 boxes Tues
j day, the largest single shipment this year. Green
' Corn, 40c@91 V sack: Alameda Corn", 91 50@2 ft
I crate; Summer Squash. 26@4Ocforfiay: Egg Plant,
10c; Tomatoes, SI '2b(a.'2 > box: Cucumbers. 50@
76c: Alameda Cucumbers, $1(3)1 60: Asparagus,
91(52 50; Rhubarb is no longer worth quoting*
Green Peppers. B@loc ft Ib for Chile and ft lb
1 for Bell: Green Peas. 60c6£91 ft sack for common '
and 2<3)2%c ft Ib for Garden; String Beans. 2@3Vjc
for common ana 6@6c for Garden; Green Okra.
t»(a.l2%c f) ft.; Cabbage, 46@50c flcU; Garlic, I'tel'
2%c %i lb. '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Previous prices rule.
Creamery— 14%@16c; seconds, 14c
ft ft.. -
Dairy— Fancy, I3@l3y ? c; good to choice, 12@
12% c; lower (trades, ll@llV»c. **
CHEESE— Is firmer and stocks are ■ moving
rather better. ■ Fancy mild new, 6%@7c; common
to good. 6<s6c ft lb: Cream Cheddar. 9c: Young
America, ,7@Bc ft Ib; Western, 10@llc; Eastern,
12@12%c
EGGS— Fine ranch are beginning to improve, but
medium and lower grades are slow of sale. store
Eggs, lO&llc: ranch Eggs, 12<$15c. with sales of
I extras somewhat higher: Duck Eggs, 12313 c.
POULTRY AND GAME. •
POULTRY— Young stocK continues to decline.
A car of Eastern is announced for to-day.
Live Turkeys, 16@1 6c for Gobblers, 12Vi®14cfor
Bens: Geese. ft pair, 91@1 25: Ducks, 92 60@3 for
old and S3@3 60 ft doz for young: Hens. 93 50®
4 50: Roosters, young, 94 60(g6: do, old. 9484 60
f! dozen: Fryers, 93 60@4; Broilers, 93@3 50 for
large and 41 Ao©2 50 for small; Pigeons, 91 26®
1 60 ft doz for young and old.
GAME— Nominal. -'■■■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS , FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS—
. Apricots continue to advance. Figs are In over
supply and dull. Plums are also plentiful.
Peaches. 25<375c ft • box, and 60@60c ft basket.
Plu ms, V box. i>***ei.
Apples, 26@40c ft small box and 40@75c ft large
box.
Pears— 2s@6oc ft box and 35c ft basket: Bart
letts, 65c@Sl.
Apricots. 25@50c ft box, 20®50c ft basket and
920&27 50 ft ton In bulk.
Figs, 25@36c ft box for single and 40@65c ft box
for double layers. ' "
BERRlES— Arrivals were 1198 chests Berries
and 152 chests Currants. , Low prices still rule.
strawberries, 93©4 ft chest for Longwortas and
92(53 for large berries. . • ._
Raspberries, 92 50@4 ft chest.
'. Blackberries, 92@3 ft chest. • ,
Currants, 92 50@4 ft chest.
- , £ A .i' E8 ~ Thompson's Seedless from Yums,
91 75 ft crate. « '■''■(■CMaBMMnBH^IWMSMMHa^
CITRUS FRUITS-Oranges are nominal at 91 60
@2 for Seedlings, 93@3 60 for Navels, and 92(33 ft
box for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, 91
@2 for common and 92 60@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, 95 60656; Bananas, 91®2 ft bunch;
Pineapples, *1&» * dozen. —» * w »
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS—
Apricots are now quoted at 614 eft ft. In the
sweat-box, with Eastern markets flat.
I Quotations on the Fruit Exchange are as follows:
Carload Lots— Apples, I%©2c "JR lb for quar
tered. 2c for sliced ana 4®4%c tor evaporated:
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy; ; Apricots, 7©Bo
for crime to choice. — tor fancy and 10@lic ft
&> for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2 Vic for im
pressed; ' White Figs. 4c In sacks; Pears. 7c ft ib
for evaporated halves. 2 @6c ft !b . for quarters;
Prunes, 3@3Vic; Plums, SVicf) Ib for pitted ana
l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3Vi<issc ft Ib lor
I prime to choice and 5%c for fancjr -
: Jobbing . Prices— iivaporatea apples. 4®sc
f t>; sun-dried, lVi(§)2c; Peaches. S%@sc ana Be
for fancy; peeled In boxes,l2%c V lb: Prunes, 3%0
for four • sires. 4Vi,c for rf 40®50's t and .4c for
50@60'*; Apricots, 7@9c ! lor prime to 3 choice,
10(ajll- J or fancy Moorpark: Figs, ' black, 3 Vic:
White Flgs,3«*6c: Pears. 8c ft Ib for evapo rated
halves and 4@7%c - for quarters; Plums. 3%@4c
V ) )lt if d and ! 1 @ 1 Vie forunplttea; NectaHnej,
4((85c V- lb for prime to choice.
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
a :, b. -. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; : 3-crown.
loose, 3c: 2-crown, -2% c ft lb : - seedless Sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, lsic: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c ft box: clusters, 91 36@1 60: Dehesa dus
ters, (2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, »2 60@2 76. .
:■- Jobbing . Pricks— Four-crown loose, * none- . 3- j
crown, «@HVic » lb: 2-crown. 3c i Seedless Bnl
tanas, 4c ft .Ib; Seedless. Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75»90.:: clusters, 91 60@l 75-
Dehesa clusters, 92 50; Imperial clusters, 92 75.
■ '-.: NUTS — Quotations are ' as ■" follows: Wal
nuts, 9@llc tor Na 1 hard and ll@l3c ft Ib for
paper-shell, jobbing 'lots; 'Almonds, 6©7 VaC for
Languedoc and By,@loc for paper-shell, Jobbing-
Peanuts, «©6Vic ft lb for Eastern and for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nnis. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough/
»nd 80 for polished ; Filberts, • B@9c; BrazU i Nuts,
8ffll0c»lb: Cocoanuts. 94 so4>6ft 100. - ,
: HONEY-Comb 10@12%c ft ft. for bright and 8.
990 v b> for lower grades; . water- white extracted ;
6@5%c ft lb: llgnt am owe ; extracted, 4Vk@4aAc -
dark amber, 4c; dark. 203 c - V^ 7r**J f* . .-;
BEI£aWAX-2oftJ7vsc V lb. 
PROVISIONS. \ ,
No further change." ■ ■ : ■■'
:• CURKD MEATS- Bacon Isqnotableat 6%C lb
for heavy, 7^c f> lb for light medium. 9(BB^c for
light, 10@llc for extra lieht l and 120 for sugar
curea; i eastern Sugar-cured • Hams, 12@>12%c;
California Hams, 10%@llc ?) !t>: Mess Beef, 97&8:
extra mess do. 98 sOft»9; family do. 910: extra
prime > Pork, 98@8 60; extra •=■ clear, ■ 914 , * bbl;
me6 f. B »W 60®lJl» bbl: Smoked Beef, 100 * Ib.
■ LARD— Eastern, tierces Is quoted at • SJ/4<s V lb
for compound and 6V«c I for pure; paUs. 7c V to:
California tierces, 4»4c for compound end 6c tor
Pure: nalf-bbls, 614 c; 10-Jb tins, 7c; d0.6-Ib, 714 c
»SP TT , OLKNK — *>®«V4C in tierces and «34®7Vac
1> tt> in 10- lb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL. AND HOPS.
• ' HIDES AND BKlNS— Heavy salted steers, 7@
"Vie 9 ft; culls and brands. 6@6%c * ft): medium,
6©6% c * a,. culls and brands. 5@5%c fl Ib: light,
sc: culls and brands, 4c; " Cowhides, 6®5%c: culls
and brands, 4@4% C ; salted : Kip, 5c 9 - Ib: salted
Calf. 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10V a @llc:
cv 13 and brands, B©B%c;dry Kip and Veal, B@9c;
£""«• "c: dry . Calf, iocs culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35c each; Kids, 6c; Deerskins. good summer,
30c; medium. . 16@25c; winter. 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings, 10@16c each; short wool, 20@
35c each; medium. 40®50c each; long wools, 50(al
■p f ?°. h - Cn " 8 of •" klnd « about Vac less.
TALLOW-No. 1. rendered. Bi4&3Vfco: No. 2.
\Vom 6 * 1 !, 6y2@sß '4 c: Grease, a Vie 9 ib. '
In/iV,r L ~ Hum boldt and Mendocino quotable at
lO@l2c H ib: Valley Oregon, b@llc » lb: do
lower grades. B@loc ? lb; Nevada. 6@9c ?! ft.;
oan Joaquiti ana southern Coast, six months, 4©6 c;
ban Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%<a6%c; northern free,
'«*?£: d ° defective. s@6Vs?fe lb?
HOPS-Nominal at l%®3c %» Ib.
GENEKAI. MERCHANDISE. .
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Ban, spot, ?4 25; " San
Quentln, 94 20; Wool Bags. 24%@26%c ' .
COAL— Wellington. 98 * ton; New Wellington,'
•8 « ton; c-outhtield Wellington. 97 50 9 ton;
Seattle, 95@5 50: Bryant. 95; Coos Bay, 94 50;
Wallsend, 97; Scotcn, *7 50; Brymbo, 97 50;
Cumberland, 911@12 In bulk and 913@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 91 50; Welsh
Anthracite, 98; Cannel, 97 60; Rock Springs,
i"?»e Gate and Pleasant Valley, 97 60; coke,
«$ 2ln bulk and 13 * ton In sks. .
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
Quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed. Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6V4c;
Confectioners' A, 1 6% c: Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
.»: 4 C: °° lu on C, 4%c; half-barrels, V*c more
u?-»??5? 1Sl and boxes %c more,
»S\ RUP-Golden, In bbls, 16c: Black Strap, 100
V gal. . • , . . •
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT ■ MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
■BEEF-Flrst quality, 6c; second ao, 4%@4%c:
tn « rd . d °.3%@4ci«tb." 7 Tj;..^;i
y.KAL-Larg». 4@sc; small, s@6c fi lb.
ML Wethers, 6c: Ewes. 2 c V Ib.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 5@5%c ft Ib.
POKK-Llve Hogs, 3s/g(ai3V»c «* a tor large and
3^fe@!>%c for smalt ana medium; dressed do, 4%
fs6& . . . . •
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOB 24 hocks. c
Floor, or. sks.... 11.802 Butter. cUs. 283
Wheat, ctl* Cheese, ctl* 226
Barley. ctls... ... 6,790 Eggs, d0z.... 9,120
Oats, Or, ct15..... 468 Hides, no. 2,237
Beans, sks. ...... 760 felts, bd15........ 600
Potatoes, 5k5..... J>29 Wool, bi5......... 249
O , n ' on »- 5k5....... - 676 Wine, gals. 39,300
Mld(lungs.3ks... 419 Lime, bbls. 120
Bran, 5k5..:...... 8,181 Quicksilver, 90
Hay. t0n5........ 394 Tallow, ens 3*
Straw, t0n5...... 44 l Leather, roll . 71
■ • — ♦ — • , • .
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks opened firm yesterday and sold
higher on the first call, but fell back on the noon
session under decreased trading.
On the afternoon call prices broke all along the
line, as will be seen by the sales. The close ap
pears below. * ' " '
The cause of the : advance In Chollar and other
Stocks was the news that on Monday ore assaying
930 to $80 per ton had : been struck a short dis
tance Inside of ■ the north boundary line of the
Chollar, in the south drift from shaft 1 on the 300
level- of the Norcross-Chollar workings on the
Brunswick lode. , More work will have to be done
to determine the extent of the find.
The following additional companies had cash on
hand July 6: , Belcher, : 92663; Bullion, 95393;
Bulwer Consolidated, 96469; Bodie Consolidated,
91150; Confidence, 91736; Challenge Consoli- ;
dated,' 9l 4o9; Consolidated Imperial, 9974; Cale
donia, 94573: Overman, 910,351 : Scorpion. 91513;
Silver King, 9435; Standard Consolidated, 93629.
The Hale A Norcross Mining Company reports
having overdrafts at banks here and in Virginia
City amounting to $4483, and has all the expenses
of the mine for June to pay besides.
The San Francisco Gaslight Company has de
clared a monthly dividend of 35 cents per share,
payable July 15.
The ' First National Bank of San Francisco ce
clared a semi-annual dividend of 93 per share, pay
able July 10. *
Additional re Ports from the mines are as fol
lows : : 3££Mp&HRSBaqM . ,
CHOLI.AB 1.1 omstock workings)— Are still en
gaged extracting ore In the stope above crosscut 2
on the -420 level, both in the old fillings ana
streaks of pay on the walls. In the south stope on
this level and in the winze below it they continue
to turn over the old fillings, which have been low
in grade for the week, and to follow the streak
going south, which Is of fair. They have saved for
the week and shipped to the Nevada mill 119
tons of ore, the average battery sample of which
assayed $24 54 per ton. They shipped to the Car
son mint bullion valued at 96376 97. ■ ■■ - ■
Choixae (Brunswick lode)— Shaft The main
incline has been sunk twelve feet since last report
and is now down 492 feet on the slope. The bot
tom is In porphyry.
300-foot level— The joint Norcross-Chollar south
drift on this level has been extended 40 feet dur
ing the past week; total length, 140 feet. It is
skirting the footwall, and is in porphyry and seams
of quartz of low grade- When In 144 feel it will
have reached the Chollar line, and from that point
will be conducted .by that company. '^00-ioot
!evel— south drift on this level is out 166 feet,
having been advanced 16 feet during the week.
When in 130 feet this drift entered the foot wall,
and has now been turned to conform to the | direc
tion of the vein, which is about 12 degrees east of
south. The face is in bard ground. No. 1 crosscut
on this level has been advanced 37 feet during the
week, and Is now out 104 feet. ■ The face has en
tered what is believed to be the hanging wall. The
course of the crosscut being 1 10 degrees south of
east, and the direction of the vein being 10 to 15
degrees east of south, this crosscut does not repre
sent the true width of the vein, having cut across
it diagonally. ' ~ ■ . . ..; ,• -  ;
Potosi (Comstock workings)— east cross
cut from the north drift from the top of the raise
from the 450 level south lateral drift is out 60
leet. The face Is in a mixture of porphyry and
quartz. On the 650 level the south lateral drift
has been temporarily, discontinued, and they have
started a west crosscut from it 100 feet south of
the main west crosscut. It is out 18 feet; ; In por
phyry and quartz. -. . .
II ale 4 Aokckohs " (Comstock ' workings)— On
the 900 level the «orth drift is out 148 feet. The
face is In porphyry and a streak of , good oie. On
the 9/5 level the ore streak in upraise 3 is very
small. In upraise 4 the ore is now of too low grade
to warrant extraction. , Extracted during the
week from 975 level 11 cars of ore, assaying per
mine-car sample 96 94 In gold and 8.23 ounces of
silver per ton. ,
Half. A Nokckoss (Brunswick lode)— 1 Is
S£ wn 452 feel- Tne bottom Is porphyry and quarz.
200-foot level— started an east crosscut at a depth
of M feet in the winze on our south boundary and
drove the same 37 feet to the ; hanging wall. : Cut
a streak of mixed porphyry and quartz about 18
inches thick ot low value 6 feet from the hanging
wall. After reaching the hanging wall continued
sinking the winze and reached the toot wall at a
depth of 37 feet, passing through quartz and por
phyry of low grade. 300-foo: level— The . north
drift from the station Is out 76 feet. The face is
in porphyry and quartz. Work on this drift was
suspended July 1. The south drift from the sta
tion is out 188 feet. The face is in hard porphyry
and stringers of quartz. ;. • * ..
hVjAi... .-SALES.
• Following were the . sales In the San Francisco
Stock Board yesterday:
XXGULAK MORNtNO . »»wto-* muvimotm 9 1 "ML
400 Belcher.. 400 CCAV.:.2.20 250 0phir...i.25
♦00 . .......... 56200 •....;.:.. 2.1 ....:„.. 1.35
60 ....67 100 Conn.... 1.101250 Potosi. 1 50
300 BAB 91200 C P0int... &0|950 .........1.55
*00 ............93,400 Bxcnqr...o6Soo 5avae.....98
600 9*700 O AC... 1.20200 ;......;. 99
100 80d1e. .... 45 100 HAN. .1.60550 ...... 1.00
700 Bullion.. -26 300 ..•..«:.V.1.55 100 Seg 8.-..V.15
600 .......25 550 150 60 8 New... 68
200 ............27 400 1.45850 ....... ...«70
150 Challng... 4olloo Mxcn..... 75 100 8 H1U..;..03
100 ..........39 200%. ....:. ...76 50 Uni0n.. ..62
100 Ch011r. .3.0(1 100 ..:;.... 771450 ......;.v...61
1500 3.05 200 Occldtl.. 1.20; 60 V Jackt...SO
300 ....... ..8.10 500/... 1.16 860 ...... V:... 52
450 3.16 250 Ophlr . ..1.30| ■
4FIKRNOOS SESSION—
200 Alta 12450 Confl 0phir...1.16
400 B 4 8... 78 200 C Point... ....7.V .1.10
100 . ........;. 77160 GAC... 1.00 400 P0t05i.. 1.35
100 Bodle 40 '50 ...:... *....9» 700 ...::.... 1.30
200 «u1110u...23 200 .;....—. 97 1200 Say...:. i .93
600 dia1ing... 371200 .......... 95 100 8Ht....'.65
60 ..*.:;. ;■...: 881500 H&N...1.50200'....;.'....-.63
450 Ch0ur....2.80 300 Kentck.7. o3|soo .:..„. :...;. 64
1600 .... 2.75 100 Hex 69,160 Union ...58
100 ..........2.70100 .:.:; 6«i00 ........... ;.67
300 CC*V ...2.00 100 Mono ;13 100 Utah 13
60 .....'..::1.95 3000cc1dU.:1.1«550 Jacket ..45
750 Con 1m....021400 Ovrmn.;.. 221350 :^...7.;.;^.46
Following were the sales in the ' Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: '?tMW«y^rfMi|lJflMy.BMffg|H
■k*.Ht T r.Ai otrtsiox— lo:l v
200 Alnha..... 1313000 Con 1m..02 1800 0ccd..1.1«
300 Alia.. 14 400 Con Y. 06 400r..:.V..-:iy 8
200 Andes.... 600 Crwn PU..57 400 0ph1r.. .1.35
600 Belcnar. . .561400 :..;.....:..55|200 ....... .1.30
1000 B Aii....90400 Exchqr....o6j9oo -;:.:... 1.25
600 ............88 700 a* 1.15 200 P0i051..1.65
600..rx;..:.;.89 :.......... IVs3OO ...... ..1.60
200 Bodle 45:900 ;..;:...r.1.10J400 ...... 1.45
900 8u11i0n.. ..23 100 HAN.. .1.65 800 ..'.■.r.'.r.1.40
200::.;.. .... 26 100 ■.-......'." 1.60 1000 5avg.....96
100 8u1wer.. .29 400 -...'.•..... 1.65 400 ............95
400 Caleda...:.l6Jlooo 1.50300 .'...".94
200 Chllnce... 400 :.„.:. 1.47%i200 ..;v::.':.^Bß
650 Ch01r.:.3.16 300";;..7.'.:.'.1.45;300 Scorplon..o6
200 ..........3V8200 ..:.-..... 1.40|800 58 AM...16
900 .......... 3.1u|200 Julia 30300 » Nt....;.65
200 :....:.3.07%i300 Ju5tice... .06'600.. ....... 69
600 ........ 3.06 200 Keutuck.. o4.4oo Sil HIM... 03
1100 3.00 500 L Wash.. .o6 400 Union C...61
850 CCV.. . .2.151600 Mexn 77 800 U:*h 12
300 r..:......V.10 1200 .;..'..~..76 450 V JaCK«..S2
60 C0nn.... L 10! 1400 ovrmn..24
, - ' AFTKRNOON BWI9IOX— 1: ' "'■
200 A1»ha.:...12i600 1.85 200 0ccd.... 1.10
200 Alta 13 100 Conn.l.o7%'Joo .:..%....'..lVk
400 .... ....... 121 60 ...........Si} 300 ...... 1.00
100 Andes.. 35 2000 Con 1m..02 300 0ph1r...1.20
200 v..^'.-..-... 34 500 C N Y.... .0S 300 :.~IW
800 Belcher ..61. »U0 C Point— .sl 400 ......... 1.10
800 :.~V.;r.. 50 400 .....;.... .6" 600 Overman. 23
400 Bdtß. 82:200. ;.v."....-...49 200 ;..... 21
400 -..:.... ....77 400 Exchqr....o« 160 Potosi . ..ls- 8
900 r.......;...75 100 G&C....1. 10400 ...... 1.32 V,
100 Bodle 40 100 ........1.07% 500 1.30
400 Bullion.. .'>b 600 .........1.04 300 ....... 1.25
200 ..'...:... 84 200 . ..1.02 V* 200 1.22%
400 ...... 23400 .... ...9b 200 1.20
500 -..-...;..\..-.2O 400 ...... ;...:Sb 6oo .-..-.....-..1.15
100 8u1wer....2» 600 HAN ...1.35 400 .:.:.... 1.10
100 Ca1eda....13 300 1.32% 200 5avg......96
200 ChaUge. .'.B7l2oo .:...;:. M.»0 00 V. 1 ....95
200 Ch0ir.. .2. 95 300 ..;...;. 1.25 300 ...94
400 .........2.80j200.......1.17Vi300 ......92
«00 .......2.77% 800 .........1.20 800 .....85
200 ...........2% 200 Julia. 10 300 :...84
300 ..v.~..2 .60 400 Justice... .o6 400 Scorpton..o7
100 ...... 2,421.2 300 Ki>ntck....O4 500 58& M....14.
600 .2.45 400 LWash....Os 4005Nv......65
300 ....>:.. .2.40 400 Alex 71 600 Hill 03
400 CCfcV...a.U5 vJOO .::.-.. ..;..67 800 Union.... 58
100 2.00 400 669U0 Utah .....13
600 ......... 1.95 400 ...........65 800 V Jckl_..47
200 ...::. ...1.90 200 Mono ...141
. CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, July B—4 p. it.
; :: ; ' Bitt.Asktit. . Bid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 12 13 Julia . — 12
Aita. 11 -13 Justice .'".' 03 —
Ande5.......... 34 36 Keiuuck. 03 04
Belcher. 60 52! Lady Wash. — 06
Best & Belcher 74 75 Mexican. 67 68
Benton Con 20 —Mono. 13 —
80d1e. ......... — 41 Nevada Queen. — 05
8u11i0n........ 20 21 Occidental..... 1.00 1.05
8u1wer......... 25 • — 0ph1r...........1.05 1.15
Caledonia...... 12 — Overman...... So 22
Chollar 2.45 2JO Potosi. 1.10 1.15
Con.Cal&Va...l.Hs 1.90 Savage.. 84 86
Challenge Con. 37 38 Scorpion... . 06 08
Con. Imperial. -02 . 03 Seg. Belcher... •13 ■ 16
Confidence.... 1.00 1.05 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 — Silver Hill — 03
Crown Point... 60 62 Sierra Nevada. 60 61
EastSlerraNev — 05(UnlonCon 49 61
Exchequer..;. 05 06 Utah 12 13
Goula & Curry. 91 92 Yellow Jacket. 46 47
Hale & Norcrs. 1.20 1.251
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, July B—2 r. U.
- ° ' UNITED BTATE9 BONDS. •
jßirf. Asked. Bid. Asked.
US 4s coup.. IOBV2 - US 48 reg...lOßy« —
Do new 155ue116%117%
MISCKLLAN'KOUS BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. 109 — Pacßoll — —
CalElecL6sll7% - Do 2d Is 6s. — —
CntraCWss 95 97% P A O Ry 65. 105 • 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9t> 100 PAChRy6s. — 107
EdsnL*P6»ll7% — Pwl-st RR6s. — 116%
F4CHRR6S.IOS — Reno, Wij&L — 105
Geary-atRSs. — . 105 Sacto P«t L. — 102 V«
I-osAngLßs. — 99 |SF<feNPR5s. — 99 V*
DoGuteed6s - , 103 SPUR Ariz 93 9b
Mkt-stCble6sl2o — SPRRCal6s.lO«l4Alll
DoßyCon6s-105y 8 — SPRRCaI 55. , — -
NatVln6slst 96 — SPBrRCaIGs. 988^. 99%
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 SVWater6s..ll9?i —
NPCRR6S.IOO 105% SVWater4s.. 99%100
NRy Cal 6s. 105 107% StktnG&E 6s — 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 SunsiT&TSs. — —
Oak Gas ss.'. 100 104% Sutter-stRSs. 109 —
Do 2d Is 65..1043^1051/4 visallaWCos — —
Omnibus us. 118%1 18%,
WATKB STOCKS.
Contra Costa 37 40 I San Jose... — _
MarlnCo.... 60 — | Sprng Valley 98% 99
GAS STOCKS.
Capital .'. — 29 Pacific Llzht — 48%
Central 95 — . San Francsco 94 > 9414
OakGL&tl 621,4 53 Stockton..... — 21%
PacUaslmp. 86% 87%
INBCBANCE STOCKS.
Fireman's lV l — |Sun ;...; 25 50
' COMUKBCIAI. BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — |LondonP&A.l2s 128%
Angio-Ca1.... 618^. — iLondon&SF. — 27%
Bank of Cal.. — 240 . IMerch Ex... 12 —
CaISD&TCo — 65% Nevada...... — —
FirstNailonl. — 187%ISather Co. — —
Grangers.... — — j . -
_ . SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
OerS&LCo.l34o — • & Loan.. — 100
HombS<&L.lloo 1450 Security 250 360
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
BFSavUnlon — 490
:, 6TRKKT BAILROAD STOCKS.
California 108 — |Oak SL&Bay — 100
Geary-5t...... — 65 iPresldlo 7 12
Markei-st 44 Sutter-st — —
.. ■!.'."' * POWBEB STOCKS. '
Atlantic D... 15 — iGiantCon..'.. 24- 24%
Eastern D... 75 80 iJudsonD.... — —
California.... 75 100 iVigorit. — 95c
MIBCEI-LANKOrS STOCKS.
Alaska Piers. — . 95 NatVlnCo.. 76 —
Blkl>CoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 24V4
Cal Cot Mills — — Pac FA I —
Cal Dry Dock — — PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Edison Lightl2o 120 Vi Pac Roll Mill — —
GaaConAssn. — — Part PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger.LeadCo. S5 . — . PacTraiisCo. — 24
HawC&SCa. 19 20 Vi Pac T&T Co. 75 100
Hutch S PCo 31 22% Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerEx Assn. 100 110 [United C Co. — 25
11 Eiec Light — , 4%!
..... SALES— MOB SIX a BXSSIOX.
- Board— ' * i V*Wl*'iflßllS^-i*7sSi%iS'i?!-:r3i*t*i
16 Market-st Railway 44 37%
10 do ~ do :..........'. ; 44 25 .
Street— EBBKft
$4000 Market-st Railway Con 6% Bonds 106 00
2000 S V 4% Bonds 99 82%
'.•',.' SALES— AVTKKITOOX BIS It OX. '
Board— ■ 
165 Oakland Gas 62 60
' Street— •
93000 S V 4% Bonds 99 62%
... ■ • ■ « m
REAL ESTATE TRAMS ACTIONS.
David Benbow to Emily A. Benbow, lot on W
line of Larkln street, 97:6 N of Union, N 17, W
61:3, N 3. W 61:3. S 20, E 122:6: g ft.
L. and Katchen Schonfeld to John a., Mand M.,
George W., Grace V. and Llewellyn B. Hammond,
lot on E line of Gough street, 31 Sof Fulton, b
26:3 by E 82:6: ClO.
Edward J. Vogel to Eleanor M. Carlisle, lot onE
line of Devlsadero, 27:6 N of Pine, « 27:6 by E
100; SlO.
William Hogan to Ellen Hogan, lot on N line of
Elizabeth street, 160 W of Sanchez, W 25 by N
114: gift.
John and Katherine Demarcinl to Albert Ander
son, lot on SK corner of Twenty-third and Douglas
streets. S 89 by E 25; SlO.
Asmus and Mary Ilansen to Altken and Hannah
Montgomery, lot on N line of Bay street, 11-: 6 E
of Larkin.E 25 by N 137:5; *10.
Luigi ani Lulga Demartlni to Joseph Carbonne,
undivided Vi of lot on NW line of Mission street,
860 NE of Second. NE 22 by NW 100: $10.
Howena Van Dyke and Caroline V. Beckwith to
Mary E!y, lot on W corner of Ecker and Clemen
tina streets, H\V 30 by N W 40; *L
G. M. and Starr M. Bruce, D. G. and Theresa M.
Kent to O. W. Nordwell, lot on NW line of Harri
son street, 600 SW of Fifth, NE 200 by NW
80; also lot on SE line of Clary street, 376 SW of
Fifth, SW 25 by SE 80: *5.
Solomon Bulger to Mary Bolger, lot on NE line
of Folsom avenue, 226 SE of Folsom street, SE
26 by NE 62:6; gift.
sol and j,ora Gets to Josiah R. Howell, lot on
NE corner of C street and Forty-fourth avenue, E
87:6 by N 100; $10.
Joseph G. and Carrie Kitcheli to William C.
Hamerton, lot on N line of Montezuma street, 276
W of California avenue, W 100 by N 70, lots 17.
19. 21 and 23, Gift Map 3; $10.
Charles F. and Isabelle M. Brown to I. R. How
ell, lot 2, block 3, subdivision 1, Castro-street Aa
dltion; $10.
ALAMF.DA COrNTY.
Pietro, N,8.,G. and L. Peralta to Qulncy A.
Filch, lot beginning at a point 150 E from B line
of Sherman street and '25.90 N from s line of
Kagle avenue, thence XX 1 24.3 0, SE 175.16, SB
34.18, SW 141.55. NW 149.46 to beginning, being
the E half of block C, Filch & Sharon Tract,
Alameda; also lot beginning at a point sk 14!>. 4t>
from s line of Ragle avenue and 150 E from Sher
man street, thence N X 141.55. SK 838.57. SW
109.72, NW 396.02 to beginning, being a portion
of Fltcb & Sharon Tract, Quitclaim deed, Aia
ineda: $1.
l.ucrot i# M. W. Mastick (wife of E. B.) to same,
ame, two pieces, quitclaim deed. Alameda; $1.
Christian Nilson to Annie Nilson, undivided i<-i
!ntenst in lot on W line Hellen street, 150 S of B
street, S 'Zb by W 133, being subdivision Bof lot
8, block 793, Watts Tract Map 2, Oakland; gift.
John Brower to Emily Adams, lot on X line of
Delger street, 61.87 Koi San Pablo avenue, E 60,
N 114, W 57. SE 36:4, SW 93, S 77:lVfc to begin
ning, Oakland ;»10.
W. O. and Lula Pitts to P. J. Peterson, lot on N
line of Fourth avenue, 98.62 E of Vandyke, E
49.81, N 63, W 41 66. s 100 to beginning, being
portion lots 'i'l, 23 and 24, Map of Hidgewood,
h.ast Oakland; -f 10.
Lot* K. and C. Guitterrez et al. (by Sheriff), to
Caroline Hawxburst, lot on S line 'of Wallace
avenue, 577:11 E of San Pablo avenue, E 84:3
a 182:3, W 84:7, N 198:3. to beginning, being the,
E portion of lot 20, Coggshall Tract, Oakland
Township: f1'207.
Mary A. Landregan to Dennis A. Landregan.
lots 7 and 8, block 4, lots 1, 2 and 3, block 6, lot 6,
blocK 8, lots 8 to 9, block 11, Landregan Tract,
Oakland Township: $10.
Murphy Estate Company to Mannel M. Pedroso,
lot on E line of Ayala avenue, 150 N of Miranda
street, B 50 by E 160, being lot 119, block 11,
Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland Town
ship: $10.
Julia .Smith to Juila Akins, lot 10, block E, Stone
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah SL. Jones to Edward Dln
neen, lot on > W line of Over street, 275 SW of
Allendale avenue, sW 26 by NW 200, being lots
16 and 25, block 8, Allendale Tract, Brooklyn
Township; «10.
D. F. Oliver to Evelyn Wightman. lot on N line
of Moss avenue, 50:6 2-5 W of Silver street E
50:8 a- 5. N 101:9, W 60, 8 94:2 to beginning,
being portion of lot 13, block C, Broadway and
Telegraph Avenue Homestead, Brorfklvn Town
snip; $10.
H. and Wolf Scblutzktn to Leon B. Goldberg, *U
interest In lot on E corner of Nineteenth avenue
and East Twenty-seventh street, SK 250 by NE
140, block 92, map of Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland: $416.
C. Chesse, Moses and Lena jacobson et al. to
same, all interest in same; 91250.
Mary E. Knowles to Kate A. Dowd, lot on W
line of Twenty-seventh avenue, 60 S from right of
way of Central Pacific Kailroad Company. S 25 W
125. N 75, E 25, S 50, E 100, to beginning, being
lot 11 and portion of lot 8, block G. Knowles aye?
bus, Potter subdivision. Kennedy Tract, East Oak
land: 910.
Josiah N. Knowles to Mary E. Knowles, all in
terest in Knowies and Potter subdivision, Ken
nedy Tract,' East Oakland: gift.
Myron T. and Marion B.HolcombtoM. Queeney
lot on NW corner of Grove and Sonoma streets \V
113.84 by N 90, beiug lots 16 and 17, block S, Al
pine Tract, Oakland Township: $10.
W. F. and Mary L. Wise to James E. Been, lota
148 and 149, block 22; and lots 152 to 166? block
27, resubdivislon Peralta Park, Oakland Town
ship; $iO.
I Edward P. and Rowena Heald to A. Winborg,
lot on SW corner of Twenty-third aven ue and East
Twenty-third street, S 74 by W 130, being lots 4
and 5, ana a portion of lots 3 and 6, block B, sub
division Heald Twenty-third-Avenue Tract, to
correct former deed, subject to a mortgage for $750
to Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
<>. w. and Abbie B. Fisher to the Pacific Pine
Lumber Company, lot on SE corner of Champion
and I'leasant streets, thence SK 158.23, SW 175,
NW 85. B\V 16, NW 122.96. NX 190 to the begin
ning, being lots 1 to 5 and 34. block C. Champion
Tract; also lot on NW corner of Boston avenue
and Pleasant street, thence SW 36, NW 100, SW
108, NW 160, NE 144. NE 260 to the beginning,
being lots 25 to 30, block C, same tract, subject to
mortgage, Brooklyn Township; $10.
"■vuati OonarUwLUca.
Miss Silligurl (sobbine)— l think it's
awful mean I That horrid Jones girl has
been saying that I paint.
Miss Meanness— Never mind, dear. I
expect if she had your complexion she
would paint, too.— Exchange.
•» t>'ui.i,, r»ij n.in r «.
Mr. Littleton— Well, it takes two to
make a quarrel, so I'll shut up.
Mrs. Littleton — Just, like you, rou mean,
miserable man ! You'll just sit there and
think ugly things.
THE CALL CALENDAR
July, 1896.
OCEAN STEAMERS
D*t«» of Departure From S»n Francisco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. *. Coast and Gxodktio kuhvit
BtrLi-icTrsr Published by Official V
AUTHORITY OF THI SUPERIN"TBNDKNT. )
rhursday, July 9
Sunrises 4.54 Moon rises... 3.17 am
Sunsets 7.361 Moon sets "...
Sotx- In the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides ar« given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except*
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractiv*
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULETIN.
Branch Hybroobaphic Office, U. S. N., ■»
Mkrchan-ts' Kxchan-oe. V
Sax Francisco. July 8. 1896. J
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. x., Greenwich time.
A. F. FSCHTELKR,
IJpntPnant XT. s. N. in ohnrsre.
SHIPPING INTELIGENCE.
Arrived.
WEDNESDAY. July 8.
V S stmr. Philadelphia, Cotton, — hours from
Monterey.
US stmr MonadnocK, Sunmer, 19 hours from
Monterey. ■
Stmr St Paul, Green, 70 hours from Newport, etc
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 34 hours from Crescent i
City; lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Stmr Geo Loomis, 'Bridge 86 hours from Ven
tura: 6352 bbls oil, to Pacific Coast OH Co.
Stmr i'arailon, Roberts, 45 hours from Yaqulna
Bay and way . ports; pass ana mdse, to Meyer A
Akmann.
Schr Newark, Beck, 16 hours from Bo wens
Landing. 150 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
Schr .Nettie Low. Low. 61/2 hours from Point
Reyes: 30 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer Co.
■ Schr Antelope, Anderson, 5 days from . Coquille
River; lumber, to order.
- Schr Archie and Fontle, Colstrup, 30 hours from
Stewarts Point; 100 cds bark, to Higgins • <fc Col
lius.
Cleared..
WEDNESDAY, July 8.
1 . Stmr Pomona, Doran, Eureka: GoodaU, Perkins
> &Co.
Bark Coloma, Noyes, Portland ; master. '
Bark C D Bryant, Lee, • Sydney ; Williams
Brown A Co.
Sailed.
WEDNESDAY, July 8. ';
■ Stmr Pomona, Doran. Eureka.
Stmi Walla Walla. Wallace, Victoria and Port
Townsend. - .
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr Whitesooro, Johnson.
Stmr Truckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, Usal.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson.
' - Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka,
': Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. Julir ; 8-10 p. ic— Weather
thick, wind W: velocity. , 8 miles. ■ .
Charter*.
■ The schr Puritan loads salmon at Karluk for this
port.
Spoßnn.
. June 22— Lat 16 N, long 26 W, Br ship Man- "
ches'.er, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
- April s— Lat 52 8, long 93 W, Br ship Reliance
hence March '22, for Queenstown. - '
.. :-, , . Domestic. Ports.
VENTURA— SaiIed July 8-Stmr Navarro
"• WESTPORT— Arrived July 8-Stmr Albion'
hence July 7. -■. - : ••■-.■ • - '
EUREKA— SaiIed July 8-Stmr National City
for r San Francisco: ■ stmr North Fork, for ■ San
Francisco. .'■ ■■.-•;•
i NEWPORT— Arrived July B— Schr . Queen from
Fort Bragg. ■
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed - July 8— Stmr
Westport. .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July B— Schr Sadie, from
Urcpqua.. -
SAN DlEGO— Sailed; July 8-Stmr Excelsior
for San Francisco. ■ 7.
ROCK PORT— Arrived July B— Stmr Scotia, hne
July. 7. - - rtno*fiiy»yrTDirfTTpri>iiiiiiiiJui
TACOMA- Arrived July 7-Bark HoUlswood,
hence June 16. . ■" ■ - ■■ .-■..*
UMPQUA— Arrived July. 7— Schr Lucy, hence
June 23. * * ~-. : - ' ' : . 1 . . . .
; Sailed July Sen r Lily, for San Francisco
MENDOCINO-Sailed July 8-Stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco. ." . " *
FORT, BRAGG— Arrived July 8— Stmr Rival
hence July 7.. :■■; :-i . , '
BOWENS LANDINa-Arrivea July 8-Schr
Monterey, hence July 6. . , . . ' ,^7.~~ r ,
SE ATT LE-Arrlved July 7-Brig Blakeley. frm |
cooks Inlet. •'•■■:-■;.».-• . . -,,
SANTA BARBARA— SaiIed July B— Schr El
norah, for Eureka. --•' •.;- = ■:; • , ■. • '
'<"■.."• , Eastern Ports,
from Uolo°ml- ArrlVefl JUly B SIIIp K «n»worth
' Foreign Port*. '"
yCOLON-Salled July,4-Stmr Alllanca, for New
Jgftl^xrS SSLnKs bar * In — *•
DEPARTURE BAY-Arrlved July 3— Shin John
F^nc^e^ 9 ' *»*
♦romTaro O ma. AraVed June 12-Ship Louis Walsh.
fro^oiSkt^' 1^ July 8 " Br Btmr B ™ m <^
Movement* of , Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
ri^ YORK -^ 1 . ye ' 1 Jol y 8-Stmr Ems, from
t f?££, ap^s ani Gibraltar: stmr Teutonic, from
Liverpool and Queenstown: , " mr • Havel?; from
Bremen and Southampton.- «-»vci, . irom.
'.-.. Sailed July j 8-stmr •Germanic, for • Liverpool •
land for ln^rn' 01 *»«»££& •»« We.»
land for Antwerp.
; SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived out July B— Stmra
, St Paul and Spree. .'.»-' 5 i- w
Salted July 8-Stmr Trave. forJNew York. _
1 BREMERHAVEN— Arrived out July 8-Stmr
1 Braunschweig, out July 8-Stmr Werra.
GENOA— A rrived out July B— Stmr \\ erra.
i BOULOGNE— out July B— 3tmr Ann
■ COPENHAGEN— Arrived oat July B— Stmrc
Thlngvalla and Virginia. _
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed July B— Stmr Spaarn
dam. for New York. _, , . 
LlZAßD— Passed Jnly B— Stmr Columbia, from
New York, for Plymouth, Cherbourg and Ham
burg. f
Importation*. . • '
YAQUINA BAY— Per Farallon-4011 ska oats.
676 sks bran, 812 sks bark, 836 ar-sks flour. 169
sks wheat, 67 sks shorts, -4- coops chickens. IK cs
exes, 1 bx beeswax. . 2 bxs furs, 30 bdls hides. 29
ship knees, 17 pkes mdse, 3 sks wool. 16 rolls
leather, 1 bbl beer. 15 bxs cheese, 64 tubs butter,
IV4 bols gin, 3 pianos.
SAN SIMEON— Per Bonita— l62 hogs.
Cayucos— 2s2 hogs.
Santa Cruz Island— llßß sheep.
Lompoc Landing— l bale coal bags, 10 bales sea
weed. 47 bxs butter, 451 sks beans. '
CRESCENT CITY— Per Cleone— 244 M ft lum
ber. 43 bxs butter. 4 dressed calves. 6 pkgs mdse.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul— loo sks peanuts, '£
bxs baking powder, 10 bxs oranges, 84 bxs lemons,
1 sk beeswax. _ _ .
East San Pedro— 4 bxs varnish, 34 cs craw fish.
San Pedro-2 sks dry chili, 25 drums cheese, i
bbls crockery. .
Hueneme — 1 bx tobacco. ' : ;v ,'.
Ventura— l blc/cle, 205 -bxs lemons, 121 bxs
lima beans, 5 cs honey. ,
Santa Barbara-66 bxs lemons. 1 bx fish.
Gaviota— 3 bxs butter, 5 bxs fish. ,
Fort Orford— lß bxs butter. 2 bdls hides. 1 sit
tails, 2cs eggs, 6cs cheese, 2 horses, 4 bxs fish, I
Cayucos— l table. 16 bales seaweed, Ibx millin
ery, 3 tub.* 3 bbls 31 bxs butter, 9cs eggs, 1 coop
chickens, 9 dressed calves.
- San Simeon- 3 tubs 40 bxs butter, 6cs eggs, 9
bales seaweed.
Santa Cruz— l bx fish.
Cofinienee*.
I . Per Cleone-Simpson Lumber Co: F B Halght: V
Uri & Co; C E Whitney & Co : OB Smith & Co;
Sherry, Avilla & Co : Dodge. Sweeney &Co Hegler
Bros; Enterprise Brewery; Irvine Bros.
Per Bonlta-StandardOUCo: Santa Cruz Island
Co: Goodall. Perkins* Co : Brlgham, Hoppe & Co;
Dairymen's Union; Hllmer, Bredhoff & Schulz:SP
Milling Co: Hills Bros: Wbeaton. Breon & Co:
Kowalsky & Co; Western Meat Co: Roth, Blum <&
Per Farallon— Moore, Ferguson <fc Co; H Dutard;
C J Leist & Co: Geo Morrow A Co: Allen & Lewis;
Russ, Sanders & Co; W C Price * Co: J V Thomas;
Tillmann & Bendel: J Everdlng * Co; G E Brey;
Christy & Wise: W F Mitchell: Standard Oil Co ;
Brown & Adams; Wellman, Peck •£ CCJ H Levi A
Co; CE Whitney <fc Co: j Dairymen's Union; Wa
Wells: Pacific Commercial Co: BH Harris: Cha>i
Jacobson & Co: WJ Adams; H Levi i Co: JO
Bauer & Co: W & J Sloane A Co: Christy A Wise;
Wolf. Worden A Co.
. Per St Paul —W C Price <S Co: J H Cain A Co; W
Cline; Llevre, Fricke A Co; Dodge. Sweeney A (Jr.
LScatena* Co; Gray A Barbleri: Eveleth A Nash;
Brlgham, Hoppe <te Co; Berry Bros: HofTland <fe Co;
Haas, Baruch &co: National Clgaro te and To
bacco Co: Harris Bros <fc Co: J X Armsby * Co; J
Demartint; Daltori Bros; Allen Lewis: Holms
A Nathan • Wood. Curtis A Co: M T Freltas A Co:
Eveieth A Nash: Krlanger A Galinger; A Paladin* :
A Levy A Co: Wheatou. Breon A Co: Mills Bros;
I Wetmoreßros; American Union Fish Co: X Wi i
serm.m A Co; Brigham, Hoppe & Co: AJionetti;
' (.T>odall, Perkins & Co; Hllllßer, Breilboff* Schulz;
' Felling, Cressy A Co: Wltzel A Baker: Golden
1 West Fish Co: Norton, Teller A Co: Westhoff A Co;
1 Getz Bros <feCo: Norton. Teller A Co; H Weaver;
! Dairymen's Union: De Bernard! & Co; A Wyss;
Chas Montgomery A Co; O B Smith A Co; H H
Sattier&Co; Western Meat Co W C Price A Co :
Marshall, Teggart A Co; Buss, Sanders A Co; CE
! Whitney A Co.
For Late Shipping lntclltpmce Gee Fifteenth PnT,
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS,
O. 3FI. Ptf-
ASTORIA AND PORTLAE
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails.. .'..June 27, July 7, 17 and 27
Biate of California 5ai15...... July 2, 12anl 2*4
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. st
GOODALL. PERKINS <t CO., GenL Supts.
F. E. CONNOR, General Agent,
' ' : - : ' * • 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAM!? COMPANY
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
! X*lx"flrt Class &0.00
{ Second Class-dSOO
■ Meals and berth Included.
! Ticket Office— New Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PERKINS CO.,
•-■•■■■■ General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM '' A~fi
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as iftJOwlP
follows: - ""
For Mary Island. Lorln«, WrangeL Juneao. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), ac V a. m., July 3, 13,
18. -H. Aii ■. *J, 12, l' "i . '
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town.
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). '9 a. it
July 3, ••.-«. 13, 18, 23, .28, ana every firm
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltii
the C. P. R. R., ac Tacoma with N. P. R. R_
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend wlttj
Alaska steamers. -
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. *.. ju.y 5 8 li
16 20. 24, 2« and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavlota,
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. ic. JuU
2. B. 10. 14, lb, 22. 2b. 30 and every fourth, day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Lnis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. II
a. ml, July .->. ». 12. lt>, 20, -J4, •_>>- ani ever*
fourth day thereafter. , . " *
For Knsenada. San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
Par. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), s:r. OrtzabaT
10 a. m.. in y Anna of encli month th -v after
*«• office, Palace HoteL 4 New Montgomery
UOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, La*, HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, W^ BY
AUSTRALIA. \Jf S.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only Satt»w
*•« Snecla i,P»«y
H. S. AIA>:I Pus > sails via HON'Oinrn .-^
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY; Thu^dsiPj^y*^
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust-.and CAPETOWN,
Bouta Africa. «wj« t
1. D. HPRECKELS .ft BROS. CO.. Agta.
! . Freight Office. 327 Market 114 Montgomervac
Freight Office. 327 Market st.. San Franciscof
COIPAG&IE GENERAL TRAJSATLASTIOOB
■ French Linn to Havre
POMPANY'SPIER (NEW), 42 NORTH "
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by mjjfTrg
this line avoid both transit oy English ratlwly'aall
the discomfort of crossing the channel luasrniU
boat. New Yorn to Alexandria, Egynt via Paris.
first-ciass*l6o: second-class, *11& *
I.A TOURAINE. Capt. Bantelll... May liK. »
LA NORMANDIK. .May S 2"
LA GASCOGNE .".! Jn c 2a 7 a Xi
LA NORMANUIiS ... j Ja7v4 «t *•
LA GASCOGNE.... . *.".." -July 25 lit w
LA NORMANDIE....; An/usti 5 l! 2"
LABOURGOONK. Capt. Leboe. f. June 87^
ft*- For further rartlcolars apply to *
«.,„., A. FORGET. Agent. •
* F FUGAZI A on lD f Qreen - 'New^^Yorfc
Jenuei^FrancUc^. 0 *"""» *_**«*»»*
<g S^Q n ,K HAMBURGAMEPtICAUISB
JS* TWIN-SCItEW EXPRES3
« :: ? "J-A^^i^g
ty Fo P r e ni al traiD: CHBBBbufi&PAM^egS?*
For passage apply Hamburg-Amekicav jiv-p.
37 Broadway, N. \ ., or. to KAH\ 4 hfrJ^ 1
Agents. 401 California st.. S^n^VJncllcofcS. O>
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY
STEAMERS LEAVE""ASPINWALL am '
fortnightly for the West Indies and 'fiS«£ga
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbou-eh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. r
Through bills of lading, in connect lomvtth the
Pacific ; Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treea!
ore to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $ 195; third
Class, »97 60. For further particulars apply to
JPARROTT A CO., Agents,
! 306 California sU
7 STOCKTON STEAMERS "
I?^ V p S le j; No - 3 - Washington St
At b P. M . Daa^jr^t recViv^p
«T Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
Mary feg-J^.
__e_phone Main 805. C^Na^fg?^ 0^
H A «. only Sna(1 *y-» *• *• . - *•**A VACANT CHAIR
AT LYON POST,
One Sad Feature Mars the
Satisfaction of the
Reunion.
SUSPENSION IS ENDED.
The Post Again Takes Its
Rightful Place in the
Department.
RECEPTION BY RELIEF CORPS.
Ccmmander Norton Counsels the
Burying of the Hatchet and
Future Unity.
OAKLASD OFTICK SanFrASCISCO CALL,)
908 Broadway, July 8. |
Lyon Post is again a portion of the
G. A. R., Department of California and
Commander E. A. Morton of Lyon Post, Whose Ninety Days' Suspension Has
Terminated.
[From a photograph by Bushnell, Oakland,]
Nevada. The suspension of its charter
for ninety days iapsed at midnight of
Monday and last night there was a re
union.
The first meeting of the post after sus
pension was not one of unalloyed satisfac
tion. There was a vacant chair and the
members all felt regretful that they had
not met as when they were forced to dis
continue meeting as a post.
Ninety days ago, when the suspension
went into effect, Comrade Charles B.
Kimball was in the full vigor of life. He
was an active member of Lyon Post and
keenly felt the humiliation of the suspen
sion. On Decoration day the post went to
the cemetery early in the morning and
heid their individual exercises. They were
prohibited from appearing as a funda
mental part of the department in the pro
cession and decorated alone. Comrade
Kimball was of the number that went to
the cemetery. He never missed aG. A. R.
funeral and was one of the most frequent
in attendance at tbe meetings.
Two weeks ago Comrade Kimball
grounded his arms and next year his
grave will be decorated by those of his
comrades who remain. At last night's re
union much reeret was expressed that
their comrade had died while the post was
under suspension so that bis brother
members could not attend officially and
pay the final honors as they desired.
Comrade Norton presided last night
over a very large gathering. His chair
was draped with the American flag which
was presented to Lyon Post by the Relief
Corps. There was a general hand-shaking
and exchange of greetings.
About a hundred members were present,
and several «hort speeches were made by
Comrades Goldsby, Talcott, Norton and
others. The susoension of the post seems
to have cemented the members more sol
idly together in fraternal feeling.
Comrade Norton made a short address
in which he counseled the burying of the
hatchet and standing shoulder to shoulder
as in the past.
A cordial invitation was received from
Lyon Relief Corps No. 6, W. R. C, to at
tend a reception to be given by the co ds
to the post on Tuesday evening next.
This date will be the twelfth anniversary
of the organization of the corp*. This
auxiliary has stood loyally by Lyon Post
during the dark days of its suspension,
and is the first to welcome them back to
the fold.
CONSUL GALLEGQS' DEATH
Came Suddenly as the Costa
Rica Representative Was
Walking.
Heart Diseas tbe Cd use— Difficulty
Between the Two Local Repub
lican Clubs Adjusted.
BERKELEY, Cal., July B.— Senor
Kafael Gallegos, who has been Consul-
General to ban Francisco from Costa Rica
for the past five years, died suddenly tnis
morning on Shattuck avenue while walk-
Ing to the station.
The cause of I is sudden and wholly un
expected death was heart disease. The
Consul had been in poor health for some
time j.ast, but was wholly unaware of his
impending demise.
He has been able, however, to attend
to his official duties at bis office in
San Franci-co notwithstanding his condi
tion. He passed a good night last night,
ate a hearty breakfast this morning and
left for the local. He was somewhat de
pressed, however, on account of the de
parture 01 two of his daughters to the
country on their outing. Walking along
Shattuck avenue he was seen to stagger
upon the sidewalk for a considerable dis
j tance, but before be could be reached fell
to the pavement in a swoon. He was
lifted up and assisted for some distance,
when a wagon drove alone and took him
to a corner drugstore. A physician was
called, but his services were of no avail, as
the Consul was too near death, and soon
expired.
Senor Gallejros was 65 years of age and a
native of Costa Rica, but a resident of the
Lnited States for over twenty-five years,
four years of which have been spent in
Berkeley. He leaves a large family, hav
ing five grown daughters and two sons, one
of whom s in the employ of the Canadian
Insurance Company. An inquest was held
over the remains this afternoon, with the
verdict of heart disease.
The funeral will take ulace from St.
Joseph's Church in Berkeley next Friday
moraine at 10 o'clock. Interment in
Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco.
Peace in the Camp.
BERKELEY, Cal., July B.— The Mc-
Kinley Leauue at their meeting last night
took measures as a body to patch up tbe
slight breach recently caused between
their organization and the Edgar Repub
lican Club, by some of the individual
members of the two political organiza
tions. They passed a set of resolutions
embodying the general sentiment of the
club as regards the organization of which
Robert Edgar is the head, and in them it
was stated that no inharmony was exist
ant, and that they 3tood ready to co
operate with all Republican organizations.
Considerable friction had arisen between
the two clubs as a result of the stand
taken against the Edgar Club by J. W.
Striker of the McKinley League, who de
clared that the former had no right to ex
ist as a representative Republican organi
zation, since their existence had not been
recognized by the State Central Com mi t-
tee. Members of the Edgar Club, Captain
Morrison in particular, took up the fight,
and thus relations between certain mem
bers of the two clubs were getting to be
much strained. Before the matter had
gone too far the McKinley League steps
in and passes resolutions declaring for har
mony and co-operation.
It ?eems that the Edgar Club was formed
several weeks ago as a permanent Repub
lican organization, with the view to con
tinuing on in their party work even after
the coming Presidential election, while
tbe McKinley League was formed for tbe
campaign reason only. The latter re
ceived recognition from the State Central
Committee, while the former did not, and
around this point Centered the whole dif
ficulty.
The election of Robert McClain as presi
dent of the league was confirmed, and the
following additional officers elected : First
vice-president, Dr. Hubert N. Rowell ;
second vice-president, W. B. Winn; treas
urer, Harry Squires; sergeant-at-arms,
George Moore.
Gentleman's Night.
BERKELEY, Cal., July B.— The Cres
cent Athletic Club will give a "gentle
men's night" next Tuesday evening at
their clubrooms. L. S. Metcalf and O. A.
Putzker have been appointed a committee
to arrange for eigbt-four-round boxing
contests, which will be participated in by
well-known local athletes.
Newiy Kotea.
BERKELEY, Cal., July ß.— The Wilkie-
Rhorer Opera Company will produce Mr.
Rhorer's new opera, "The Bandit," in
Shattuck-Hall on July 16th.
Professor Howison returned to Berkeley
this mornine from his trip in the interior.
Professor Putzker returned yesterday
to Berkeley from the camp at Felton.
The railroad company is making some
extensive improvements upon its roadbed
near the Shell Mound Park.
Tbe Junior Y. P. S. E. of Lorin held a
meeting last evening at the residence ot
Mrs. Woolley on Alcatraz avenue and
elected the following officers: John Vogle,
president; Fannie Irwin, vice-president;
Grace Monson, secretary; Fletcher Mon
son, treasurer.
Garfield Clark, the young colored boy
who was arrested at West Berkeley for
abusing his mother, has been committed
to the Preston Reform School at lone.
Berkeley Lodpe, I. O. O. F., will install
its new officers to-morrow evening, ac fol
lows: W. B. Chase. N. G.; M. P. Genne,
V. G. : secretary, Charles Gerine; treas
urer, Joseph Cuappie. I. A. Boynton will
install the new officers.
The Clairmont and Ferries Street Rail
way Company has begun to remodel its
old horse cars preparatory to placing on
them tbe gasoline motors which are dally
expected. _
A V»nt»r»l J«P<W.P»».
OAKLAND, Cal.. July B.— The police
were called to the Japanese mission at the
corner of Fifth and Brush streets this
morning to take charge of an insane Jap
anese. Detective Williams and Officer
Rand answered wHh the patrol wagon,
and found a young fellow in bis room,
with the door barricaded with the bed.
He acted so violently »t times that the
other inmates of the place were afraid of
him.
He was taken to the jail and locked up.
If he does not improve he will be taken
before the Insanity Commissioners.
To Indorse Assessor Dalton.
OAKLAND, CaI., July B.— A mass-meet
ing will be held in the Exposition build
ing Monday evening to indorse Assessor
Dalton Jn his action in assessing corpora
tions on their full value and protest
against the Board of Supervisors, sitting
as a Board of Equalization, reducing the
assessment.
The card is signed by William H. Friend,
chairman Republican committee, Third
Congressional District; J. T. Fleming,
vice-chairman Democratic County Com
mittee of Alameda County; Charles W.
Heyer, secretary Democratic County Com
mittee; A. Bretz, chairman Populist Com
mittee.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
DISAPPEARANCE OF
A YOUNG WIFE,
Friends Fear Grief May
Hay Have Unhinged
Her Reason.
HER HUSBAND MISSING.
Mrs Daniels Was Distracted by
the Thought That She
Was Deserted.
MAY HAVE ENDED HEX LIFE.
Another Chapter to the Mystery That
Is Agitating North Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 8. )
Mrs. Daniels of 588 Thirty-third street
is missing and her numerous friends and
neignbors are as anxious to hear of the
young wife as she herself was to hear of
her husband, who suddenly disappeared
over a month ago. It is feared that she
has been overcome by her grief and has
made away with herself.
When Mr. Daniels disappeared his wife
was destitute and it was feared by her
friends that her reason would give way.
She paced to and fro in tbeir beautifully
furnished home, and when week succeeded
week and nothing was heard of her hus
band she confided to a friend that she
feared she would never see Mr. Daniels
again.
The Daniels moved to their home about
nine months ago. He always bad money,
which he spent lavishly, and it was stated
that he was a mining man. He and his
wife made but few friends. She was a
very handsome woman and the young
couple attracted general attention.
About a month ago Daniels left home
suddenly and told bis wife he was going
to Liverpool, Eng., for the benefit of his
health. He left home and has not since
been heard from. Telegrams have brought
no news, and now his wife has dropped
completely out of sight.
For several days before disappearing
Mrs. Daniels was bordering an hysterics,
and was cared for by neighbors.
"When he first spoke of going off,' 1 said
Mrs. Daniels, "I intended to go with him,
but he was in toe much haste to allow of
my prepari ng for such a journey. When
be left me I had but 80 cents in my purse,
and he was to send me money in a couple
of days. He was to have written to me
from various places, but I have not re
ceived any money or any letter. He used
io deal in stocks, and was always well sup
plied with money, and I never Knew what
it was to be short. Our married life has
always been happy and pleasant, and I
fear that my nusband must have been
taken sick, or met with some accident. He
was very jolly when he left, and I expected
to receive letters from him all along the
route of his journey. The steamer on
which he was to have crossed the Atlantic
has arrived at Liverpool and he was not a
passenger."
It is about two weeks since Mrs. Dan
iels spoke as above to a Call reporter and
the continued strain told heavily upon her.
"For a few days before leaving," said an
intimate friend to-day, "Mrs. Daniels
feared she had been deserted and she be
came very despondent. She cried most of
the time and frequently said that she had
no desire to live without her husband,
who had always been kind to her. I fear
that her grief has turned her reason and
that the poor creature has done something
rash. She was of a proud, impetuous na
ture and it was heartbreaking to her to
have to depend on the charity of her
neighbors for her daily bread. No one
aeemed to know where they came from or
to know anything about their relatives.
He seemed to be a perfect gentleman and
they were a devoted couple. She was
quite young and of too lively a disposition
to bear up long under deep sorrow. I fear
she has done something desperate."
UNREQUIIED AFFECTION
Causes a Sixteen- Year-Old Girl
to Swallow Toothache
Drops.
A Public Meeting to Be Heid to Con
sider Principal Trne's Removal
by tbe Education Board.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July B.— Unrequited
love and blighted affections made Miss
Jennie Carlston of 529 Taylor avenue
despondent last night. She did not want
to live in this world any longer, and hav
ing got that thought into her silly 16-year
old head she visited the West End Drug
store at 9 o'clock. The drug clerk, Horace
B. Meader, sold her eorue three drahms
of chloroform and cocaine. The combina
tion known as toothache drops was for her
sister, so Miss Jennie said, and the drug
clerk took the precaution to label the
bottle with a poison label with its accom
panying skull and crossboues.
The symbol had no terror for Miss
Carlston. She retired to her bedroom,
uncorked the phial and poured the
contents down her tbroat to relieve her
heartache.
One of her sisters a short time afterward
found ber in an unconscious state ana
gave the alarm. Drs. Morgan and Lub
pock were railed in at once an :l after work
ing for three hours with her they finally
restored her to consciousness and placed
ber ont of immediate danger.
The gay deceiver's name is Hugh, and
be is a Ban Franciscan. It was Teamed
after ber desperate act that she bad writ
ten to Dim to meet her last night, and
that she kept tryst at the corner of Santa
Ciara avenne and Webster street until her
patience was exhausted. The relatives of
the girl are disinclined to discus* the oc
currence, but she divulged to them that
she had been deceived and had lavished
ber young affections on one who ill re
quited them.
Miss Jennie is a smart young woman,
rather prepossessing, and, so far as the
neighbors know, had a happy home.
They declare her rash act was the result of
morbid brooding over her cross in love
Her ravings made it evident that this
subject was uppermost in her mind for, as
she was brought round, she made touch
ing appeals to her mother for her lorgive
ness.
A Formidable Petition.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July B.—A lengthy
petition is being circulated, addressed 10
the Board of Education. It prays lor the
reinstatement of Principal C. If. True to
the Wilson School. It also condemns the
board's arbitrary action in dispensing with
his services, and states that he has shown
himself to be an able, progressive and
conscientious teacher. In the event of the
board refusing to reinstate Mr. True the
petitioners ask for a valid reason for the
denial of the request. A public meeting
is to be held on the 20th inst. to consider
the question and appoint a committee to
wait on the board. It is claimed that 95
per cent of those having children attend
ing the school are in favor of Mr. True's
reinstatement.
A Rumored Resignation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July B.— Rumor has
it that Rev. W. M. Lane, rector of Christ
Episcopal Church, intends to resign. The
reverend gentleman is suffering from se
vere clergyman's sore throat, and leave of
absence has been granted him until Au
gust 1.
Senior Warden Smith says he has beard
of the rumors, but the only thing to make
Rev. Mr. Lane resign would be that the
climate is not conducive to his health.
The Church Boys' Outing.
ALAMEDA, Cal., July B—The8 — The Second
Regiment of the Boys' Brigade, including
Company A of the Presbyterian Church,
Company B of the Park-street M. E.
Churcb, Company C of the Congregational
Church and the Hospital Corps of Christ
Episcopal Church, left this morning for
Bohemia, on the Russian River, to enjoy
their annual camp outing.
PRINTERS WIN.
Alameda County's Great Register Must
Be Copied— Twenty-Five
Thousand Names,
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— The Board of
Supervisors at the meeting this morning
decided to have a copy of the great regis
ter made for tbe printer's use in getting
out the printed one.
The County Clerk has copied the affida
vits of registration into the great register
and the precinct books, of which there are
122. These are so large that the printers
Estelle Baker. Whose Father Fears May Cause a Tragedy Before Her Guardian
ship Matter Is Finally Settled.
refused to use them for copy. The clerk
then reported the fact to the Board.
Either tbe Board or printers would have
to make another copy to use in the print
ing office. In order to be sure of the cor
rectness of tbe copy the Board informally
agreed to make it, but the action and as
to how the work is to be done will be held
under advisement until next Monday.
The 122 books contain 25,000 names and
must be copied, printed and delivered
within twenty-six days.
THE DOVE APPEARS.
Differences In the Third Congressional
District to Be Settled.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— Chairman
W. H. Friend of the Third Congressional
District Republican Committee received
the following self-explanatory letter to
day:
Dear Sir; The executive committee of the
Republican State Committee will meet at ito
headquarters, room 16tf, Palace Hotel. San
Francisco, on Friday, July 10, 1896, at 2 P. 3f.
As is well known to Republicans gener
ally, a disagreement has arisen oetweea vari
ous committees iv tlio Third Congressional
District, relative to the call for a Congress
ional convention , and tali committee has been
appealed to by (he contending committees, by
county committees and by numerous Repub
licans'in tbe district.
It in tbe intention of the chairman of this
committee, in the interest of harmony and the
RUCcetß of tbe Republican party, to submit tbe
disputed questions to the full committee at iv
meeting on Friday next
Kach contending committee and each county
committee is invited to have a representative
present to furnish to this committee full in
formation on the 'disputed poinU and to pre
sent for consideration the views entertained
by its members.
You are therefore requested to consult with
other members of your committee and to
choose some one to represent you at the meet
ing. Very respectfully,
M. R. Hiogins, Secretary.
ir»oTii-*«« D?U<r»»t<.*.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July B.— The Afro-
American League of Alarneda County has
elected Rev. J. E. Edwards, at large; fiev.
J. B. Allen, Horace Morgan, R. Leonard,
A. A. Collins. W. J. Oglesby, George In
graham, W. K. Delaney, James F. Sum
mers, J. C. Rivers. A. D. Jones, F. W.
Moore, Cooper Smith, J. A. Harrod, A. F.
Holland, J. A. Wilds. J. K. Dickerson,
John Moore, Ed Quinn. E. H. Barrett, J.
A. Hackett. James Washington, Lewis
Brady, Harry Williams, W. Bland, D. D.
Jacobs, H. H. Hornager, Homer Bishop,
Henry Peterson, G. E. Watkins, J. B.
Wilson, W. W. Owens, James Dcpass, J.
G. Day, W. Nathaniel, A. Francis Hall,
John Johnson, R. N. Blake, W. B.
Bridges, J. W. Carter, William Towne, G.
R. Davis, J. Grasses, George Boykin,
James Dumas, C. A. Bates, W. H. Free
man, James Thorn, Henry Tolbert, Wil
liam Crawford, William Johnson, Jesse
Wysinger, George Washington, P. P.
Stratlier, A. F. Crouet, A. F. Young, G.
H. Howard, 8. Hawkins, Th«-o Flood,
George Seguirand B. Black to represent it
at the State congress, which meets io Loa
Angeles August 11, 1896.
Mrs. Wait to Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cai-., July B.— Mrs. Fiona
Eunico Wait will lecture asrain on "Health
and Beauty 9 ' at the First Unitarian
Church, corner Fourteenth and Castro
streets, on Friday, July 10, at 2:30 p. m.
Mrs. Wait's first lecture pertained to the
celebrities on the operatic and dramatic
stages, but this time she will have some
tiling to say about the society women she
has met in a long and varied experience in
journalism.
Second-Warder* Indorse Perking.
OAKLAND, Cai», July B.— The Becond-
Ward Republican Club ouened the cam
paign laet evening with a rousing meeting
in Milton Hail.
After the address of the evening resolu
tions were passed indorsing Senator Per
kins and declaring for his re-election.
To Have a Drill Corps.
MOUNT EDEN. Cal., July B.— The Re
publicans are organizing here for an ag
gressive campaian. The young men of
tne party declare that they will have the
best drill corps in the county.
STELLA'S FATHER
QUITE SATISFIED,
Says Rev. Marshall Law
Acted Like a True
Friend.
BAKER FEARS HIS WIFE.
Since Reading a Sensational
Story Her Mind Has
Been Aff.cted.
REMARKABLY BRIGHT GIRL.
She Tells Her Own Story and Speaks
Highly of Her Late
Pastor.
Oakland Office Sajt Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, July 8. f
E. M. Baker, the father of Stella Baker,
made a statement to-day that thoroughly
exonerates Rev. Marshall Law from the
insinuations made by Mrs. Baker.
"Rev. Marshall Law did just what was
right," said the girl's father to-day. "He
saw that Estelle was not receiving proper
attention and was roaming around the
streets and he tried to do all in his power
to see that she was placed where she could
be looked after. This is a very grave mat
ter and may yet end in a tragedy. I am
afraid of Mrs. Baker, as I am sure she is
not responsible and la daily getting worse.
Stella denies ever saying a word about the
pastor of tbe Church of the Advent except
that he was interested in her welfare.
''Mr. Law told me tbat he bad discov
ered that Stella is a very intelligent girl.
She can sing and play music at sight and
is a good writer. He took her into bis
choir for the purpose of encouraging her,
and she left two months ago. Her mother
ia subject to halucinations and she has
imagined all she has said about Stella. I
live iv fear of her mother. When that
woman murdered herself and two chil
dren in San Francisco some months ago
Mrs. Baker was greatly affected by read
ing the news ana has frequently spoken
since of suicide as the only remedy for
human sorrows.
"There is no conspiracy to take Estella
away from her. The girl has already be
come wayward and needs a guardian. She
tells me that her mother has been cruel to
her and that she used to beat her and pay
no attention to her. She has threatened
to kill us all and this morning my son
who works at my shop in San Francisco
told me he was afraid his mother would
kill me."
Stella is at present staying with a pri
vate family in East Oakland awaiting the
ontcomeof the case.
"I have run away from my mother
twice," said the girl, "but it was because
she did not treat me right. Once I went
to my father and another time I went to
Mrs. Jfrescott of the Children's Society
and she sent me to the Chabot Home. My
mother says that I once asked a man for
money who was a stranger to me. I was
on my way to Good Friday services at Mr.
Laws' church. One of my knees gave out
and I asked a gentleman who was driving
to give me a riae. He took me a part of
the way and then gave me 10 cents with
which to complete my journey. That is
all there is to it."
Both sides are makice sensational
charges and when tbe case comes to trial
something tragic may be expected.
SAID THEY WERE UNFAIR
An Attorney Objects to Pro
fessors Quizzing a New
Minister.
Rev. Alfred Baily Is Now a Pastor
at Haywards in Pali
Standing.
Oakland Offiok Saw Fbancibco Call,)
908 Broad way, J uly 8. j
The august body of theologians that
went out to Haywards recently to cae
chise Alfred Bailey met with an unusual
experience.
Profexoor Mooar of the Pacific Theologi
cal Seminary, Rev. Drs. Pond and Foster
of San Francisco and Rev. Dr. Chapman
of Oakland went by invitation to examine
Mr. Bailey for the purpose of deciding
whether to recommend him for full ordi
nation as a Congregational minister.
Mr. Bailey has been a student preacher
at Haywards for some time and has given
entire satisfaction. He has won his way
into tbe hearts of his congregation and
tbey were anxious to have him completely
ordained so that they could extend him a
call to be their permanent preacher.
The congregation invited the theological
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
/luction Bales
THIS DAY, AT 11 A. M.
Elegant Parlor," Chamber, Dining-room
• and Kitchen
FURNITURE,
Blagnlllccat Folding Beds, Carpets, Etc.
334 O'FARRELL ST., NEAR TAYLOR.
FBAXK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street. ■
authorities to the church for the purpose
of holding the examination.
While the questions were being asked
Mr. Bailey some of his flock thought that
the interrogators were too severe. A few
hints to this effect were dropped, but ttia
questions did not appear to be any easier.
There Is a young man who is a pillar of
Mr. Bailey's church. His name is Rus
sell, and he has just been awarded a parch
ment to practice as an attorney. Mr. Rus
sell thought that the examination ball
would be a good place to commence. He
stood it as long as he could, and finally he
shouted out:
"I obj ct."
The professors and doctors were non
plussed. They did not know how to re
ceive the disturbance. A little argument
followed, and Mr. Russell stated tbat the
learned gentlemen were making the or
aeal too hard, and he did not think it fair.
'•It was the first time anything of the
kind occurred to my knowledge," said Dr.
Chapman this afternoon. "Our queries
were mainly suggested by Mr. Bailey's
equivocal answers. Mr. Russell evidently
thought that we were there to sanction
anything he wanted. We regard the ex
amination of a minister as a very serious
affair, and we do not appreciate inter
ference. After the examination we
passed Mr. Bailey, and he is now a full
fledged minister."
Hopeless Case of Insanity.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— Mrs. Annie
E. Tillman of Pleasanton was committed
to Agnews this afternoon. Her husband
is the proprietor of the Rose Hotel in that
town.
She has refused food for five days, tried
to kill ber baby and believes tbat the dead
talk with her. She is 41 years of age and
has been treated at a private asylum for
some time, but her friends are afraid that
the case is hopeless.
Practicing Without a License.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— Mrs. M. Hy
land swore to a warrant to-day charging
one Broker with practicing medicine
without 4 license. She alleges that he
represented that he could cure ber of cer
tain ailments, and accepted pay for his
services.
This is the second case of its kind in
this city within a year. Dr. Ambrosque,
a Russian, was fined on a like charge, and
appealed it to the Superior Court and was
held liable, and finally paid his fine.
No Warrant Yet.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— Winnie A.
Stedman, who charged Harry de May with
betraying her under a promise of mar
riage, has not yet sworn out a warrant for
his arrest.
De May is out on bail. His case was
called for the second time in the folice
Court this morning. No warrant appear
ing, his attorney asked fora dismissal. As
Miss Stedman is unable to leave her
room, the case went over until to-mor
row.
FOR THE TIDAL CANAL
A Delegation of County and
City Officials to Visit
Colonel Suter.
Will Ask That Seventy-Five Thou
sand Dollars Be Expended on
Oakland Harbor.
Oakland Office Ban Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway. July 8. \
A large delegation of officials from Oak
land and Alameda will call upon Govern
ment Engineer Suter at his office in San
Francisco next Saturday morning. The
party will consist of Councilman Dam
and Capell, Drs. Beckwith and Chamber
lain of the Board of Health, Supervisors
Talcott and Church. Mayor Davie, City
Attorney Piersol, City Engineer Wilson
and Health Officer Dr. Bradley, all of
Oakland, and Health Officer McLean,
Trustees Leydecker and Fletter, Dr. Lub
bock and Dr. Bull of the Board of Health,
W. A. Knowles and J. B. Lanktree of the
Board of Education, City Engineer W. R.
Payzer, City Attorney* Taylor and City
Clerk Lamborn, all of Alameda.
The delegation is going in the interest
of harbor improvement. It desires to
have tbe canal finished at once, us recom
mended years ago by commissioners who
examined the project. It will require
about $75,000 to do this, but the report of
the above mentioned commissioners says
that the opening of tbe tidal canal and
the placing of flood gates there will do
more to keep the harbor in condition than
a whole force of dredgers. They recom
mended that this work be done and then
to let nature do the dredging for a year or
two. The committee wants that work
done now.
Now that the work is on the continual
contract list all that is necessary is for the
engineer in charge to ask for the amount
of money that he wants to use on the
work. It is the desire of this delegation
of city and county officials to have
Colonel Suter make the above recom
mendation to his superiors.
VUttl lotO • f>«rTOTT.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— An electric
car collided with a handbarrow at Elev
enth and Grove streets to-night, and the
proprietor of the barrow is now at the Re
ceiving Hospital, with three ribs broken
and other injuries. Peter Schwartz, known
all over Oakland as the hokey-pokey ice
cream man, was the victim. He was going
to his home in West Oakland, when he
was overtaken by the car. Nobody knows
how it happened, as Schwartz did not see
the car, and the motorman says he aid not
see the handcart.
A Body Recovered.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— P. Stole, a
swimming teacher, located the body of
William Leach in the Blair quarry and
brought it to the surface.
He dived several times to the bottom of
the pond before his efforts were successful.
The boy's mother ia now with a f dend,
Mrs. Sturrock of 1020 Adeline street, and
is nearly prostrated with grief. An inquest
was held to-night. The boy was a native
of Leeds, Eng.
The New Health Officer.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— Dr. E. W.
Bradley, the new homeopathic Health
Officer, filed his bond to-day and sub
scribed to the oath of office. He immedi
ately entered upon the duties of his orhce.
His first work was the treatment of cases
in the City Jail. His bond is signed by
George Chase, ex-County Treasurer, and
C. H. Daly, both of East Oakland, where
the doctor himself resides.
The License Inspector's Duty.
OAKLAND, Cal., July B.— City Treas
urer Giipin to-day received a resolution
from the Council notifyine him to issue
free license on the order of the License In
s{ c.-tor. H« is instructed to investigate al
cises instead of allowing them to go before
the Council.
For Woman's Suffrage.
PLEASANTON, Cal., July B.— The Ala
in da Connty Kquality Club will hold a
meeting in the Druids' hall of this place
on Friday night. Dr. Cope of this town
AUCTION SALE!
S* fe> fe
FINE WORK ANIMALS,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on
THIS XJ.A.-5T
Thursday -- - y July 9, 1896,
AT 9ALESYARD,
Corner Van Hess Aye. and Market St.
Horses now on exhibition at yard. These horses
are suitable for vegetable or milk wagons and
general purposes. "
K11.1.1P & CO., livestock Auctioneers,
• 3O Blontgomery St., S. F.
will preside. The Bpeakers will include
Mrs. Alice StocVer, Professor and Mrs.
Henri Fairweather and A. A. Denison of
Oakland and Rev. Mr. Wennig, Rev. Mr.
Lacan and William Harris of Pleasanton.
Good music will be furnished by a local
quartet.
• — ♦ — •
BUILDING ASSOCIATION SUIT.
The Suicide of Louis Blank Recalled by
the Testimony.
The case of the Security Loan Associa
tion against Mrs. Josephine J. Pritchard
is being heard in Judge Slack's court.
The case recalls the suicide of Louis
Blank, who swindled so many of the
building and loan companies a short time
ago.
The Security Loan Association is suing
Mrs. Pritchard for a balance due on a loan
of $4200. Mrs. Pritchard's husband, who
is now dead, borrowed that amount from
the association and took twenty-one and a
half shares of its stock, which he was to
pay up in weekly installments. He paid
$1182. which the association acknowledges
haying received, and his wife claims he
paid $1669, which Blank received and did
not account for.
The association is ready to acknowledge
that Blank may have received and not ac
counted for this money, but claims that he
in his will left to Mrs. Pritchard an
amount which offsets what' he appro
priated. On the other hand Mrs. Pritchard.
says that was simply a legacy and had
nothing to do with the business of the
Security Loan Association.
Mrs. Pritchard was on the stand nearly
all of yesterday afternoon and the matter
is not yet settled.
'■•?lrv<icr C.»»£.s.
John Frederick Badere has filed a petition
in insolvency. He owes $16,529 and has no
assets.
Badere ls a manufacturer and was doing
business in Seattle, Wash., but his place of
business was consumed by fire. Since tbat
time he has been unable to do anything
toward paying bis debts, which he owes prin
cipally to Washington creditors. Local firms
lose as follows: Martenstein <fe Co., $1500;
Hinz & Plageman, $1000 ; Dutton <fc Co. , $1100.
Badere has been doing business in San Fran-
Cisco since October 20, 1895.
A. Braum, doing business as A. Braum & Co.,
at 300 Third street, is also insolvent. He owes
about $900 and has no assets excepting a few
personsl accounts and a small stock of liquors
at the Third-street address.
The bank statistics of Ireland for 189s
are the most satisfactory ever record e( j
and show that Ireland has but to be i et
alone to attain a thoroughly sound e co .
nomic condition.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
J R Wilson, Cal o S Nelson, U 8 N
S G Ecklon, Cal W E Aaiann, Sacto
C A Palm, Sacto B G Panow. PlacerviU*
T Clark. Placervllle R F Slaolaren San Joae
J M M iltrap, Vallejo C W Pendleton, Log Am
E N Steveni <& w, Sacto J A Klelser, Cloverdale
J B Kichardson, Huisun R A Poppe, Sonoma
C Smith, Col c H Turner, fan Jose
G J Cole, cal J M l'ettiKrew. Cal
f Sousa, i»an Carlos R Diller, Chico
T X Hatch, M A Johnson, Sacvo
H G Tanner. Los Banos Miss Tanner, Los Banos
X W Hubnard.sanlsville Mrs Carroll, Merced
Miss M Ryan, Merced Miss D Ryan, Merced
Miss E Rogers. San Jose Mrs 1. O Itogers, Sn Jom
A C Bowman <few,se»t:le W M Daniels, Seattle
SK( Vmpbell.GrantsPasa H H Grau * \v, Sacto
Miss A (irau, -sacto W Johnston, Conrtland
H H BflP.oli, Conn CBMcClellan, Mendocino
W H Hilton. £*ama Rosa I Flint, San Juan
W O Watson, sta Clara E Pender, San Jose
J C Frisbie, San Diego J W Hcheurel, Oilroy
Mrs C Kelley, Uilroy D A Ostn m, Yolo
Mrs W R Albuson, Sac EHRolenbaush.KansasC
Dr J V (joff, Ariz X J Lowrey, Fresno
MrsT ULowedtf.Woodld Miss Merritt, Woodland
D R Prince, J-r^sno J Jonnston, Los Augeles
G 1 uroer A. w, Modesto J Jastro, Marysville
T Graham, OroviUe A E Kiuan <fe w, Orovill«
G W Fisher Aw, Sn Jose J W Koseberg <fe w, Socto
Miss Roseberg, .-acio O H Relchliag. Jackson
R D Hatch, Novato G G Ma kay, Los Ang
L M Lasell. Martinez G W Brown, Mo
TBGibson &»-, Woodland X H War! d; f, Ked Bluff
C W Frazier & w, sacto J W D Miller <fc J. Valleio
J A Wilson, Chicago A Klink. Chicago
tt L Aldrich. Ryde
RCBS HOVBE.
H L Biggs. San Jose J Payne. Washington
J Chaffee &w, Fulton spa ennett, Fulton
Miss M Oreeuing, S Kosa Mrs M McKeuna, Wash
J S Howe. Hock port E E Jones A \v, Sunol
W W llollister. S Barbra H Torey, Texas
A E Baldwin, Guatemala H G Adams Chicago
A H Hlnamon, OakUud W A Etszler. Sacramnto
G L Fox, Oregon Mrs Kelly, Texas
Miss Lamkln, l exas S P Belden, Los Angeles
J X -ruith <fe w, Mt View J S Rowan, Port Costa
A B Moflitt, Oakland W A Sangley, Oakland
G Wessen, Blue Canyon C W Harvey, Cal
J Stettson, Alameda C I.insey, San Leandro
H Dominick, Angel Isld W L Webster, Oakland
J Smith, New York B H Winans A w, Mica
L (iibbs, L'kiah C P Ruttan. Porterville
J E Kathburn, Williams;.? Lvncn, S L übisi>o
J S Hali*, Rockport E Keller, San Jose
Miss X Barn*, JKeuo Miss J G Law«, Oakland
C A Phipp, Sacramento F Hawes, Sacramento
O Kock, Sacramento L J Tit;g, *vii Jose
D L llorean, OaKlana J Wold, Oakland
Miss Horgan, Oakland Miss Wold, Oakland
J C Perry. Tiburon J D Reynolds. Cal
T v. McFerson, Cumbria J Meal, Healdsbarg
HC Dillon & (it r. La M W CouKlin, La
J A very, Oakland A X Peck & wf, Davto
Mrs M Llndley, Sacto J E Doff, Stockton
Mrs M Attley, Cambria Mrs J C Hill, Cambria
LTCK UOUBE.
J C Ball, Woodland H Beyer, Redwood
L A Garrett A w, HmKdt W L Godfry, N V
M' Cerkle, Cal P Dean, Belvedere
E B I'ousin. st Helena A Tuckey, Los Angeles
Dr Edwards, San Jose J H Bowman, Solano
J H Wilson, Corvallis Dr W Allen, Los Ang
H C Snaw, atockton H J Finger, s^anta Barb
\V A Oeniah A w, Oakld A L Colton, Mt Hamiltoa
H B Irving, Vancouver D s Calla*han, S Cruz
Miss O i airchilds, s> Kosa 1) M Adams, Vlsalia
G L Alexander, Los Ang A S-hukflton, DavisvlUe
W H Wilbur, Onklaml E Bozier, Oakland
J J Wilson, Santa Kosa W Watson, Sau Jose
C B Browo, Los Angeies H Brigham, Oakland
Miss MoWilllams, S Jose
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J Millin, San Jose J H Franklin, V S N
J Jackson, cakland X J Black. Alameda
W R Jantz, Buffalo L Curas, Lorin
J B McCarthy. NY KG Demmmg, Grt Falls
G H Whluler, (;rt Falls J FranKlia. lioston
H Raymoud, Boston ol» Grant <fc \v, Los Anf
G Wlenian, Oakland X E nweus, Los Angeles
EM. Cheadie, Portland G L Parker. Portland
8 F Corbfit, Portland 3 W .Llvsey. sisklyou
b J Harrison & t. Latap J Bell, U ss N
J Miller, San Jose F Lerche. N V
0 H Adams, NY J L Manninz, Lorin
E M uliver, Boston W J Scott, Boston
O£ Harris, Ontario
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J G Janis. Louisville Miss Jauis, Louisville
Miss L Janis, Louisville F s Stevens, Auburn
F 1» Cobb, Stockton F E Ray, Sacramento
f A Pancoast, Sausalito A W Collins, .Sapa
B S Cobb, Mockton C M SAvage, V V
W H Kd wards, Chicago G Hofman, Chicago
F J CJueman, Denver S Chapman, Chicago
F H Forstner, NY S J Willin. Mobile
Mrs C sand wood, Stktn E J Gate, tit Louts
G J Campbell Jr,Valle]o L Less, bt Louis
H Batiste -t Louis H E Plummer, Latorop
H J Freed man. Portland G E Colwell, N V
Mrs A F King, Sta ruz
PALaCE HOTEL.
F D Miller, Oneonta E D Beyland A w, Bur-
J L iun'.cy, Colo Springs lingame
1 X Overton. NY F B Dale, N V
W B Wcll-i, Portland J N Johnson, Portland
D W Be don, Phoenix MrsTenchous,haimingta
A Thacker. Ht Louis J M Kirkland, Nevada
C W uou d, P.hila Mrs Kerohofl, Ls Angles
E B Onbourne, DC ME Holers, Chicago
E C Bichowsky, S Gabrl J A Wilson, Eureka
F H Scuenck. N V G E .Miller, N V
E X Hudson <ft w, Mo F A West, Stockton
W C Warner, N V
/*^^;Dr.Gibbon'sDispensary,
JLm^^lOSo HKABM- ST. "Established
ra*jf*^fc»in 1854 for the treatment of Private
TO /jfhjKW Br. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I62OKEABSTKT. Established
m in 1834 for the treatment of Private
If Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■HJ« disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Oj?}SSa*>*i3 •Skin Diseases. The doc tor cures when
■ otbersfail. Try him. Charges low
i('iirp.ra»riißt<-fd. Callorwrite!
j»r. Jf , k\ *i IBBOS. Box 1937. 5au Francisco!
1314
EQUAL SUFFRAGE
AND ITS FRIENDS.
Precinct Clubs Are Being
Organized in the
Interior.
MUCH INTEREST RIFE.
The Good Work Is Progressing
Admirably in Alameda
County.
ENTHUSIASM HERE IN TOWN.
Adherents of the Movement Appear to
Be ThoroOily Confident of
Victory.
"Woman suffrage is a serious matter
nowadays," remarked Miss Bay, chair
man of the State Central Committee of
the "Woman Suffrage Association, yester
day afternoon. The chairman, since she
cannot be called a chair-lady, was seated
at her desk endeavoring to get about two
bushels of letters into some sort of order,
and apparently meeting with only indif
ferent success in the effort.
"The volume of correspondence which
passes through this office," she went on,
"is something incredible. From tne let
ters one can easily see that the cause is
gaining ground all over tbe State. Women
write to us on all subjects, even remotely,
related to the suffrage movement. For
instance, I have seen a few letters con
taining complaints that the terms used by
the newspapers in referring to the suf
fraei3t claims were too flippant. Of course
these letters come from persons who do
not recollect that any one who ventures
into the field of politics is almost sure to
be 'guyed' unmercifully, sooner or later.
"I am bound to say, however, that de
spite some little gayety of phraseology
the local papers have as a rule treated us
kindly and respectfully.
"Of course, from The Call we have
learned to expect nothing but words of
cheer and encouragement. I could not
begin to number the families which to my
certain knowledge have ceased taking the
other papers in favor of The Call since
that great paper came out in straight
forward advocacy of woman suffrage.
Members of the Suffrage Association and
other friends of the movement look to
The Call for the most reliable informa
tion on the subject, appearing to regard
that journal as in a certain sense the
organ of the cause.
"But we are working as well as talk
ing," continued Miss Hay vivaciously. ''In
Madera County we have Mrs. Ida C. Haz
lett, late of Colorado, who is busy organiz
ing precinct clubs in the interior towns of
Southern and Central California. She is
aided by a corps of devoted lady assistants,
all of whom report that wherever they go
they tind crowds of enthusiastic, hard
working and high-minded women anxious
to work for the cause. In many instances
these women are obliged to travel long
distances in order to attend the meetings.
"Here in town, despite the season, much
interest is perceptible. At yesterday's
meeting of tbe Thirty-second Assembly
District Woman Suffrage Club the ladies
displayed th«» most vivid appreciation of
the ends had in view by the movement
and evinced a determination to work un
flaggingly for its success. Miss Harriet
Mills delivered a stirring address, which
was frequently interrupted by applause,
and several committees were appointed to
see that the good work shall go on until
its grand object shalJ have been realized.
"On Tuesday afternoon we had a grand
meeting in Oakland. All the leading
spirits of the movement who reside in
Alameda County were present in force.
Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook-
Blinn and I addressed the meeting on the
subject of precinct organization. The as
sembly was of one mind on the matter,
and steps are being taken for tbe organiza
tion of a well-ordered and comprehensive
plan of campaign throughout the county.
Meanwhile the Political Equality Club of
Alameda County has gotten out this little
leaflet, of which thousands of copies are
being circulated."
The leaflet, neatly printed on hot
pressed white paper, reads as follows :
The policy of the State Woman's Suffrage
Association Is non-partisan. The platform is
woman suffrage and our efforts will be concen
trated uf.on trying to carry the eleventh
amendment to the State constitution, which,
if it receive a majority of votes at the election
in NovemDer, 1896, will suffrage to
lvomea upon equal terms with men.
We base our claim to enfranchisement upon
right and justice, and believe that woman
suffrage is but carrying the principles of thi6
Republic to their logical conclusion.
We hold thet the interests of men and
women are not divided, but identical, and ask
for a fair-minded consideration of the amend
ment by all voters. After having tried until
election day to convince them of the right of
woman to self-government we shall submit
our case to their sense of right and justice
"So you can see," concluded Miss Hay,
with a despairing glance at the pile of let
ters before her, "that the suffrage move
ment is neither dead nor dying; that it is
very much alive ana that it is much too
important an affair to be lightly put off
as undeserving of serious consideration."
THE WIND DID IT.
Patrick Sullivan, Charged With Petty
.Larceny, Makes an Ingenious
Defense.
Patrick Sullivan, according to Judge
Conlan, is the boss prevaricator of the sea
son and is possessed of more nerve than
any prisoner that has come before him.
Sullivan was arrested last Thursday aft
ernoon in front of Nathan Lowenstein's
store, 901)4 Folsom street, on the charge
of petty larceny. He had stolen a rug
from a bupjry that was standing in front
of the store. It was found under his arm.
Two passers-by at the time, who saw
Sullivan Meal the mg, gave their evidence
and the arresting officers testified to find
ing the rue under Sullivan's arm.
"VVnat Lave you got to i-ay tor your
self ?" iraid the Judge, addressing the de
fendant.
"Well, you see," said the prisoner, "it was
just this way : I was walking past the
buggy and the wind was blowing strong,
and although you may not believe it the
wind lifted the rug out of the buegy and
it fell into my arms. Before I could re
turn it to the buggy I was arrested; and
that's tbe truth, your Honor.' 1
"Have you any witnesses?" asked the
court.
"None, except you take the wind," re
plied the defendant, with a grin.
"You will appear for sentence to-mor
row morning, retorted the Judge, and
Sullivan was led back to prison.
mjE&mwmm
Tbe temporary order obtained some weeks
ago by Assistant United States Attorney Knight
restraining Treinore Coffee and William Wood
burn from disposing of certain property se
cured by them from James Henoy, now serving
a term of five years for robbing the Carson
City mint, came Jiefore Judge McKenna for
final disposition yesterday. In the argument
defendants' counsel raided tbe point us to the
court's jurisdiction, which brought out sucn a
flood of legal lore that Judge McKenna decided
to take the matter under advisement. Attorney
Knight suggested, however, that the order be
so modified as t6 permit the sale of the dis
puted property, provided the defendants would
deposit tbe proceeds with T. J. Edwards, olerk
of the Circuit Court of Nevada, pending l.tiga
tion in the Nevada courts. This was agreed to
by the defendants' counsel. The Government
will new institute suit in the Nevada Circuit
court to test the validity of the transfer by
Heney to the defendants.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Calt*.
HO Market street, open until 12 o'clock everj
oignt in tbe year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open ontll 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*. epei
sntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
110 Ninth street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
' >OTIC£ OF MEETINGS.
■P^> DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND •
W~& A. M., 121 Eddy st.— Called meeting _J\_
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, at 7:'*O^K2f
o'clock. First degree. All Masons are In/V^
vited. By order of the W. M.
A. KRONBERG, Secretary.
IKS" PACIFIC LODGE NO. 166, • < gmtLM > ,
Ef^y I. O. U F.— lnstallation of offl-^^sSK^-
cers THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- ligJßU^
ING. All members are requested to "W/llv^
be present. Visitors cordially Invited. •
EDWARD GREEN, N. O.
R. O. Williams. Recording Secretary. ■ '
K5» PRESIDIO LODGE NO. 384, .oKtfKtfßg*.-
-tt^ I. O. O. F., will hold a public ln-^g^gfe
8 allatlon on THURSDAY EVEN- =^»<3pJk|=
ING. July 9. at 8 o'clock, at Steimke's ■ -"wi"*
Hall, Octavia St., near Union. All Odd, Fellows
and their friends are cordially Invited. I
J. FERRETTI. Noble Grand. '
C M. BYJIONDB, Secretory. ■ '■•.';
K35 3 THE REGULAR QUARTERLY -.-rwT
'ORB' meeting of Harmony Alliance No. CZXBZ?A
15, S. P. A. of America, will be heldCFgt 3 */
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING, July <f*K/fJ
9, at K. R. B. Hall, corner Mason and Vi2v '
O'Karrell sts. Fines for non-attendance strictly
enforced. By order, CHAB. O'BRIEN, Pres.
Jab. J. Donovan. Rec. Sec
•^3s* CLANNA NAN GAIDHEAL . «» C"
tS^or an* Guadibh a' Cheile— San Fran- 3V, SJkuu
Cisco Scottish Thistle Club meets THIS ifivXEs?
(THURSDAY) EVENING at 32 O'Far- *«63^fc
rell st., at 8 o'clock. A "smoker" follows.
, J. D. CUNLIE, Royal Chief.
Gko. W. Patxbsox, Recorder.
ttSS^ANNUAL MEETING IMPROV-
ISS^S' ed Order of Red Men's Hall Asso-^S*:^^.
elation of San ' Francisco. — The annual »» > 'S^
meeting of the stockholders of the Improved order
of Red Men's Hall Association of San Francisco
will d:; held on MONDAY EVENING, July 13,
i 1896, at 8 o'clock, at the office of the association,
320 Post st., for the election of a board of trustees
or directors and such other business as may prop-
erly come before the meeting.
BENJAMIN F. JOSS ELY N, President.
. William J. Sierra, Secretary. !
EfrSp ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
&-»' annual meeting of the stockholders of the
San Francisco and ;-an Joaquln Valley Railway
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 321 Market sU, San Francisco, Cal., on
TUESDAY, the 21st day of July, 1896, at the
hour of VI p. m., for the purpose of elect Ins a board
of directors to serve for the I ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may come
before the meeting.
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
SjrSp THE ANNUAL MEETING OF THE
&*■»' stockholders of the Edison Light and Power
Company, for he election of directors for the en-
suine year and for the transaction of such other
business as may be brought before the meeting,
will be held a: the company's office, 229 Steven-
son st., San Francisco, WEDNESDAY, the 16th
day of July, 1896, at 10 a. m. Transfer books
I will close July 3, at sp. m. Proxies must be filed
with the secretary before the hour of meeting.
J. E. GREEN, Secretary.
Et^S 31 CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
Jf-^ THE WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address
In the United States or Canada one year for * 1 50,
postage free. ■
special. notices.
B^^^PILE^PETER J FREILING 'S PILES
ft»^ Salve cures all cases of blind, bleeding, Itch-
ing. Internal or protruding piles; price $1 per box.
For sale at 1628 Devisadero St., also at 208 and
228 Bran nan st. . ■
Et3§:» DR. ALFRED W. PERRY HAS RE-
to"-*" moved his office to rooms 20-21, Murphy
Building, corner Market and Jones its., and his
residence to 2711 Sacramento st.
rS 5 THE SECRETARY OF THE SAN
m*& Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum So-
ciety hereby gives notice that the following or-
phan and halt-orphan girls and boys have been
admitted to this institution from January 1, 1898,
to July 1, 1896: Annie B. Newton, 4 yrs.: Mary
E. Kelly, 12 yrs.; Maud A. Bioodworth, 12 yrs.:
En ma G. Maas, 6 yrs.; Eveline Griswold, 6 yrs.:
Lovina M. Korb, 11 yrs.; Llllle M. Robblns, 11
yrs.: Eva L. Robbins, 9% yrs.: Alice M. Robbing,
8 yrs.; Mary Goetz,9yrs.; Mary J. Peterson. 10
yrs.; Bessie M. Peterson, 3 yrs; Marion Fi z?er-
ald, 11 yrs.; Sidney L. Newton, 7 yr*.; William A.
! Scott, 10 yrs.; Harry Clements, 12-Vi yrs.; Clyde
| Clements, 11 yrs. : Edwin Clements. 9 yrs. ; Charles
j E. Korb, 10 yrs.: George A. Korb, 8 yrs.; William
F. Korb, 7 >rs. : Philip Mahhas, 10 yrs.; Mujil
Mahhas, 8 yrs. : John L. McGowan, 6 yrs.; Vllroy
H. Maas, 8 yrs.; William H. Maas, 3 yrs.; Robert
R Golden, 6 yrs.; Edwin W. Korb, 6 yrs.: Frank-
lin J. Korb, 5 yrs.: John H. Korb, 12 yrs.: Samuel
I). Korb. 2 yrs.: Walter J. Murdock, 8 yrs.; George
C. Hobbins, 6 yrs.: Richard H. Jlrjens, 9 yrs. •
William L. Jlrjens, 7 yrs.; George Jirjens, 5 yrs.:
I Edward Goetz. 8 yrs.: Walter Goete, 4 yrs.; James
F. Peterson, 5 yrs.: Roy Sobey, 4 yrs.: Gerald
• Fitzgerald, 9 yrs., and George Long, 8 yrs. '
ESS 3 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT
m*& the Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom st,,
Ban Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following
orphan, half-orphan and abandoned girls from
April 1 to July 1, 1896: Mary Margaret Lyons,
: aged 6 years: Fanny Meyer, aged 3 years; Maud
Maria York, aged 7 years; Uattle Kline, aged 12
years: Jessie Taylor, aged 6 years: Florence
Josephs, aged 0 years; Beufeh Josephs, aged 4
years; ' Alice C. La an, aged 2 years: Olga Maria
.Mind berg.' aged 3 years.
■Kg? ALL PERSONB having SERVED as
I*-*-* jurors In criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18,230 Montgomery st.
J. P. DAME RON. ■
CESS" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR *4;
•»»*'• collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montijry st.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
IP35 3 DRH. HOLSMAS AND LINQUIST— RE-
o*£? moved to 1370 Market ; poor treated free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
a^^~ToXuMmf^A~v^N7TFXNr7iroAN so-
m*& clety, 614 Washington street. The directors
have declared the following semi-annual dividends;
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 per cent
per annum on ord nary deposits, payable on and
after July 1. 1896. F. N. BELORA NO, .Secretary.
SITUATIONS WAMJSU-I'EMALK.
TV EAT, CAPABLE SWEDISH GIRLDKSIRKB
Xi situation ; good cook, and house worker: best
ref.; city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler.
p K. HANBEN * CO., 110 GEARY »T.,
\J' furnish the best family and hotel help. Call
at office, Dbone or mail us your orders: prompt at-
temion guaranteed; telephone Grant 185. ■ ■
COTCH WOMAN WaNTS SITUATION,
O city or country, good cook and laundress; also
competent nurse wants position, references. Call
637 Minna st., near Sixth. .•■- - ■ ■ .
OUSG WOMAN. GOOD PLAIN COOK,
I- wants work on ranch; would Keep house for
gentleman. 777 Market st., room 6.
YOUNG DAN ISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION
-I to do chamberwork, second . work or light
housework. Address P. O. box 851, San Rafael.
OMAN DESIRES PLACE COOKING OR
" chamberwork; sleep horns. Address 8. B.
box 34, this office. '
ADY STENOGRAPHER WISHES POSl-
tion: occupation more object than salary; will
accept $3 50 per week. Address Steno, box 162,
Call Office. -•,.■•.' .;';•. f . .
"Elderly, EDUCATED GERMAN gikl
J wants situation in good German family for tine
cooking. Address 421 Harrison si., near First.
SEAMSTRESS , WISHES A . SITUATION; 18
O a good dressmaker; references. Address L. 8.,
| 609 Jones St. ' . ' ■ i
~~\ CTRESSES-RFFINED.EDUCATED YOUNG
xX lady desires position as companion to actress*
would travel: references; $20. Address E. 8., box
54, this office. ■.....■■■
G COMPETENT COOK WANTS SITUATION IN
\J private family: would do general housework in
small family. Call at 227 Hayes st.
LDKRLY WOMAN. WANTS A PLACE TO
do housework is a good plain | cook and laun-
dress; city or country- Address C. F., box 45
Call Office. . ■. - ....
"YOUNG WOMAN WISHES HOUSEWORK:
X good plain cook and wash; sleep home. Apply
909 Jackson st., bet. Powell and Mason; lower flat.
ERMAN GIRL WHO " SPEAKS FRENCH
VJ would like to have a place for general house-
work an c. can do good sewing Call or ad. 431 Pine.
%*,- OMAN. WANTS s WUKK .- BY THE DAY;
" washing and cleaning: 81 » day and carfare.
Address W. (_., box 74, Ca1l office. ' ::_: ■ "" •?.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WAN I 8 8ITUA-
»» tlon; city or country; is good cook and can do
general housework. Call or address 221 Minna. • •
YOUNG GIRL WANTS TO DO GENERAL
X housework and cookin,' in a small family can
give references. D. J.. box 146, this office. ...i , i.
VOUSG FRENCH WOMAN. WISHKS SITUA-
X tion as a cook; German or French preferred.
MISS i).. Nii-.N. 1 10 Sixth St., room 10 prelerrea
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION FOR
X geDeralj housework. 3321 Twentieth st. bet.
Shotwell and Folsom. ■ , .
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
O for general housework; good cook- cood
reference." 1020 Mission st. ; , : 7J
'* MERICAN WOMAN DESIHES A POSITION
, J\. »s housekeeper; no objection to culldren: city.
731 Folsom st.V ■■•-";." -
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECT
O woman as working housekeeper and do second
work mid sewing. Call or address room i 60 44
Third St., W.nchester House. ■• . . . . . ,
EXPERIENCED WAITRESS WANTS SlT-
nution; restaurant or hotel. Call or address
119 Henry St., bat.* Castro and Noe, Fourteenth
and Fifteenth sis. r: ; :: W ;' .'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTEP-Continnea.'
■yOUNG 5 WOMAN 1 WANTS r A SITUATION
1 sewing and mending In dressmaker's shop or
tailor shop; or in a private family; i.ood home
wanted: small wage?. Address P. F., box7s, CalL
rpRUSTWORTHY GIRL LATELY from IRE-
-1 land wishes a situation to 00 general house-
work: Is strong and willing; fond of children. Call
at 1122 Harrison st. : no postals.
OMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day; washing, ironing or housecleaning.
308 Lexington aye., near Twenty-first st.
IRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GEN-
vJ eral housework or upstairs. work. Call 1502
Franklin st., 10 to 8. :■■ .: ... ,-ii
YOUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION AS
1 general* housework by the day or month. Ap-
ply at 1713 Scott st. ' j
WOMAN WANTS WASHING. IRONING OR
' *» housecleaning, plain sewing, by the day. Ad-
dress W. W. P., box 165, Call Office. (
YOUNG GERMAN WOMAN WANTS GEN-
X eral housework by the aay. Call or address
415 O Far-re! I St. - -- -
■EXPERIENCED CHAMBERMAID WANTS
-Hi situation In respectable hotel or boarding-
house; city or country. Call or address 5 Market
st., room 34.
t •> IRL WISHES TO DO . CHAMBERW OHK OR
IT 'to assist in light housework: wages $10 to
$12. Address H.. box 128, Call Office.
(~i ERMAN WIDOW GOES OUT BY THE DAY;
VX washing, ironing and housework. Please call I
130 Second at. .
PANISH LADY JUST FROM GUATEMALA
wants a housekeeper's position ; speaks French
and German. . Apply 121 Montgomery st., room 6.
XT OUNG LADY WISHES A SITUATION FOR
X upstairs work. Apply 174 Clementina aU
DRESSMAKER, FIRST-CLASS CUTTER AND
XJ fitter, wishes position In family as seamstress
and housemaid; no objection to the country. Ad-
dress E. A., box 27, Call Office. j
nro housewives - Columbia employ-
ment Agency, 128 Fourth St., furnishes very
best help at abort notice. Tel, black 363.
G1 IBL WISHES SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
VT housework; Is good cook. Please call 2417
Clay st.
ESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS TO DO
housework a few hours a day. Address MRS.
W., 1432 Mission St. .- . ?
OMPETENT MIDDLE- AGED WOMAN
\J wishes a situation as housekeeper, or would
take charge of rooming-house; country preferred.
Address 8.N., box 78. Call Office.
YOUSG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
X clerk in bakery or confectionery store. Address
MISS E. H., box Si, Call Office. •
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES A i
\J position to do upstairs work or general
housework in German or American family. Ad-
dress BERTHA RUSTMANN, 1430 McAllister.
SITUATION WANTED BY A MIDDLE-AGED
O Swedish widow in a lodging-house or small
family or to work in a kitchen; no objections to
the country. Please address for 3 days MRS. W.
M. T., box 96. Call Office.
pOMPETENT WORKING HOUSEKEEPER
\J wants situation. Call or adddress M. SMITH.
15 Van Ness.
"V OUNG MAN AND WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X steady positions on same place: woman good
cook; man understands care of horses; city or
country. Please call or write room 195, Golden
West Hotel, San Francisco.
Y'OUNO GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X housework in respectable family. Apply 119
Fair Oaks near Twenty-second, In rear; sleep home.
SPANISH WIDOW WOULD LIKE SlTUA-
tion as housekeeper or any other light employ-
menu Apply 105 Larkin St., room 3. .
COMPETENT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham- j
berwork or sewing; city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19. '■.%':
\\T INCH El . Ell HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
CB. HANSEN «fc.CO, lliJTjeaß^StC, FUR-
• nlsh haymakers, threshing crews, harvest !
bands, fruit pickers, lumber, and wood men, mm- j
ers, teamsters, brickyard crews, quarry and rock 1
men, laborers, mechanics, cooks, waiters, hotel i
and restaurant and laundry help. Wire, phone or
mail us your orders; prompt attention guaranteed. !
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
./help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
C. li. COOK'a SUC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches: short notice. I4Gearr. tel.Grnn: 4j.
pHINESK AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414 O'Karreil; teL K. 426.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
\%T ANTED —BY AN iSLDERLY MAN OF ■
" good habits care of horses and cows: good gar- :
dener; wages small. Address W. K. box 84, this :
office.
•yOUNG MAN OF 19, STEADY HABITS AND |
X willing to work, wants situation: best refer- :
ences. Address D. 8., box 60. Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN I
0 and wife, with no children, on farm or ranch
or In private family: best of references. Address 1
H. BISSELL. 1807 Mission st.
COACHMAN OR STABLEMAN: THOROUGH-
Iy understands his business; also garden and
cows; willing about place: first-class references. i
Address NED, 2258 Buena Vista aye., Alameda, I
Cal. -\ ■
OME WANTED IN THE COUNTRY FOR
boy 14 years old, where he can. work in ex-
change for board, clothes and schooling. Ad-
dress Mrs. E. SMITH, box 46. Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
(single) as gardener, milk, etc. : can groom and
drive if required: splendid references. Apply »'.
OS., 134 Fourth su
JAPANESE WANTS SITUATION TO DO
housework and help cooking or wait on table.
Address T. H., box 71, this office.
.. OY, 18, WISHES B ITUATION TO DRIVE
1 I wagon: understands driving milk-wagon; I
wages noobject. Address F. X., box 72, Call Office.
pENERAL blacksmith and HORSE-
VT shoer wishes a situation In city -or country.
Apply 638 Clay sL
pHINESE WANTS PLACE; FIRST-CLASS
\J cook, bonseworker and washer In family;
city or country. WONG HOOK, 776 Clay st.
N INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH . FlRST-
class Eastern and San Francisco references
from last employer wants situation as gardener or
coachman. Address G. C, box 114. Call office.
yOUXO GERMAN. GOOD CARPENTER,
X cabinet-maker and general -mechanic with
tool a wants situation of any kind. Address 716
Clementina st.
TEADY, INDUSTRIOUS YOUNG MAN DE-
sires situation in store or office; thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; first-class references.
Address G. 8., box 144, this office. ■
YOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION AS
X short order cook; Is steady and reliable. Ad-
dress 3678 Twentieth at., city.
Good painter wants WORK; WILL
T wotk for $.' per day or $25 per month and
found; city or country. P. W., box 76, Call office.
ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES POSI-
X\i tion in store or office; . wages . no object. Ad-
dress 622 Taylor sU
YOUNG AND ACTIVE SWISS . WANTS A
X situation; is a good milker and driver; speaks
German and French. Apply C. MULLER, Win-
chester House, Third s;., room 80.
STATIONARY ENGINEER WANTS WORK-
can do repairing. Address Engineer, box 56,
Call Office. : . . .
n ERMAN, 25 YEARS OF AGE, WANTS A
VT position in a grocery-store to learn the busi-
ness. Address C. \V., box 146, Call Office.
WANTED— AS NIGHT OR DAY
-.watchman; sober, reliable man; good refer-
ence. Address W. H. L.. 754 Folsom st.
\,\. BY A YOUNG MAN, TOAPPREN-
V tice to a blacksmith; one year's experience;
good reference: town or country. Address D. J.,
box 137, Call Office. * - - - ,
ASTERN BREAD-BAKER WANTS A SlT-
nation In first-class shop; any hand; city or
country. Call or address 201 Ash aye.
VEAT YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION AS
X^ porter In a wlnehouse or wholesale place. Re-
fer to 439 Jessie su .
\\T INCHESTER HOUSK, 44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $160 to $6 per
week: free bus an baggage 10 and from the ferry.
W ANTED— BY 2 WEI L-M ANN AND
»' well-educated young Hollanders, positions as
butler and coachman: they prefer to remain to-
gether^ Address W. R., box 64, Call Office.
STEADY YOUNG, MAN WISHES SITUA-
tion, city or country: good driver, understands
horses; wages low. R. s., box 102. Call Office.
W i; N CHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Mark»u-J?:ieciiic lights In "every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: freo bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
FEMALE 111:1.1- WANTED.
anch" COOK, $25 : SO WAITRESSES. PIF-
- 1,,. F cl " l . country Places, $20 each. .' MURRAY A
RKAPY, leading employment agents, 634 Clay st.
WAITRESS, STEADY , COUNTRY HOTEL,
»' ■ $20; J waitress, water resort, $20. , chamber-
maid and ; wait;- country, $20: woman to do cook-
US ° T n^ ranchl * 26 - ' - nd ' others. MURRAY <fc
KEADI , leading employment agents, 634 Clay st.
WANTED-. WAITRESSES .._OB- FIRST-
" class resort. »2> a month, ■ fare paid;' also a
woman to do plain laundry work in same hotel
$25, fare paid. Apply early, MISS PLUNKETT*
424Sut;ersu ' - ... ■• •- •: . '-. --= ■;.-. '
W ANTED-CHAMBKP.MAID AND WAIT-
. " ress, country hotel, $20; German cook, $25-
-girls for housework and assist, $20, $16 t-.nd $10-
-chambermaid, city, $15. LEON ANDRE, 316
Stockton at. . ■ . _ 7^ ,
pOOKON RANCH, $30; SECOND GIRL, NE *
\J city, $16;, cook for 10 persons, in mining town,
see party here at 12 o'clo k, $20; mlddle- e,l
woman. housework, for Ikiah. $20; ■ cook. Memo
Park, $20; Scandinavian cook, San Mateo, $20.
C. It. HANBE.N A CO.. 110 Geary st. ~ • - "">
pHAMBKUMAID, FIRST-CLASS COUNTRY
KJ hotel, $20. and free far»: 6 waitresses. spring's
resort and. country hotels. $20; (waitresses, hotel
south, $20, fare advanced: waitress, city, $20 c
R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St. - .^j
OTARCH - IBONER, COUNTRY- STEAM
a ii 0 d G y ear'y 3 i ) v" n<i S ° aa<L ;^^- HANSEN *
1^ HELP W ANTE D- Contlnnecl. /
\V A NTEP— COOK, MENLO PARK, .- $30: 2
"•Scandinavian eirls for housework, 2 in family
anrt fa in f Hmily. $25 : 3 girl*, German style cooking,
$J5; • plain . washing, 1 Protestant i laundress, ■ $30;
girls for housework, San Mateo. $20; i.ureka, $25;
4 waitresses; for springs. 20; chambermaid
and waitress, country hotel, $20: young girls, $12
?nd $15, for light housework. J. F. CROSETT
CO.. 312 butter su saiMBBMMBBiB-aBWgWBMfeg
IV A WAITRESS $25 AND ROOM;
'» ironer for a steam laundry, $10 a week, etc;
housegirl, city. $25: 9 houseglrls. , $20; ■11 house-
t-irls, *15; 13 young girls, $8. $10 and $12 a
month; nice families, assist, etc. MARTIN'S
Kinplorrtn'm Agency, 749 Market at. Telephone
i>iuin 1849." e > - -- ■■ - -
W A ITRKHS, $20; COOK, *30; NURSE, $25;
Lo. "°.. housework girls city and country, $20 and
*4 5 : b you ng girls, assist, $10 and $15. MISS
CULJ.EN. 323 Sntter st. -
CIHAMBKRMAIP AND WAITRESS, PLEAB-
-\J an ton. $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
rjOVEKNESS. AND SUPERINTENDING
*■* bousekeeper, $20. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sut-
ter SU »
n°, OK^ BOARDING - :H OUSE, $25. MISS CUL-
V-' LKN, 323 Sutter st.
E E « T^JQ ANT COOK. $10 -PER WEEK.
MISS CULLBN. 323 Sntter st.
G^^AN SECOND GIRL, $20. MISS coir
LEN, 323 Sutler au : - :
W OMAN, • HOUSEWORK, COUNTRY, $20;
• ' German girl, housework, city, $20, and others,
employment Office. 128 Fourth st.
(r I wn_ T S T T END IN BAKERY, $20. APPLY
VJ MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellla su
w^^S^Syi 1 ™- hotelga -
' ' 420 Kearny su
PROTEST ANT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUBE-
x. work: wages $15 with wash. $12 without; ref-
DC 4 e «o r s lred ' Apply 1837 Mission sU Thurs-
WANTED — MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN
J- i?5 n for v « ht housework: good home;
more'at 0:no washln * : no children. 312 FIU-
YyANTED-20 YOUNG LADIES FOR BTJR-
pi.i lesque and living Dlctures. Apply Midway
Pialsance, 771 Mmrket au, beu 12 and 1.
THIRST-CLASS COOK FOR OAKLAND. $40:
f_l£ B s&^' _ > , a kland! *20; hoaseglrl, city, 4in
family, $25. 816 Sutter at. -
VV AN .^ ED AT ONCE— GERMAN GIRL; GEN-
T eral housework: no washing. 269 Stevenson.
BVaT°«s I t OLE " MAKBR ' A- MUL1 ' ER > 723
Gr X % F ° R LIGHT HOUSEWORK. 230 PA-
I Ciflc BU
G IR^/ . TAKE CARE OF CHILDREN, AS-
v^ slst In housework. Apply 204 Haight st.
-RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMANTO
Xt assist In kitchen. 922 Battery sU
GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND COOKING;
references. 1221 Eddy st.
V OUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK;
x sleep at home. 3360 Seventeenth st.
VV ANTED EXPERIENCED COLLAR OR
ket cuff makers. EAGLESON A CO., 535 Mar-
W ANTED GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL
'' housework. Inquire 313 Lyon su
fi-°h OD »her7who can make good
v^ button-holes; also apprentice. 627 Natoma.
WANTED— YOUNG PERSON FOR SECOND
« ' worK; references required. Call 1414 Taylor.
"J7XPERIENCED TAILORESS ON CUSTOM
■x- vests. 235 Natoma St., bet. Third and Fourth.
EFINED LADY TO MANAGE an office
XW business. Call 131 Post, room 21.
XPERIENCED LAUNDRESS BY THE
day. Call between 9a. m. and 12 at 603 Eddy.
\\- ANTED- FIRST-CLASS TAILORESSES ON
--»' custom pants. 411y 2 Kearny st.
I^IRST-CLAS-i SKIRTMAKERS; NONE OTH-
ers need apply. BOWHA Y. 604 Sutter su
AIKDUKSaINU. 250 AND Ssc: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 lessons,*! 60. 1248 Mission.
PERFECT KITTING AND STYLISH DRRSS-
X making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Me-
DOW ELL Academy,636 Market,opp.Palace Hotel.
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscuttlng. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
HaIH-DUESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell sU and 106 Ninth.
•\ I OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
vTX Winchester House, 44 Third su, near Market:
'JOO rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;' $1 50 to $6
].rv.(-k- : free '.'.us and haggajc- ionn'l irom ferrt-.
MALE M_U J ANTED.
OCA MEN WANT ED^O-IdAY, FROM ? »"l5 TO
♦JUT: $110 per month and found, at MURRAY <fc
READY'S. Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
638 Clay st. . .
t)(\ FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
— V hands, $26. $25 and $20; 6 milkers, $25 2
butler-Diakers,.s2s: 10 fruii-plckers; farmer and
wife; $20 men to dig irrigation dutches and help to
irrigate fruit trees - aud vines; wheelwright, ";■ see
boss here: 2 blacksmiths, $40 ana found. MUR-
RAY dc KEaDY. -Leading Employment Agents.
634 and 636 Cay st. - v -
I A WOODCHOPfERS, PINE WOOD, FOX A
X \J large gold mine company, tools furnished by
company and steady job, $1 cord; 6 teamsters (4
horses) tor a gold mine, $.6 and found; a shovel-
«ts for a large gold mine, $20 per month and
found, r ilroad fare refunded, steady job. MUR-
RAT A READY, Leading Employment Agents,
634 and 636 Clay st. .-....-. ,
VI AN TO RUN FORK FOR THRESHER, $75
ITX per month and found; 5 strong men to load
header-wagons. $15 per month and found; separ-
ator tender, $60 per month and found: 3 fruit-
packers, $26 and found; man to handle grain. $35
and lound; man to work in a warehouse, $26 and
found ; boy to ride horse for a threshing outfit, $15
per month and found: stableman, city; man to
tally lumber. $30. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ins Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay bU
•_m TEAMSTERS FOR IiAILRo\D WORK,
•'" 2-horse teams, $1 60 per day; 4-horse teams.
$1 80 per day : steady job; 20 tiemakers, ■8c and
10c each; 20 laborers, city, $1 75 per day and $26
per month* and found; 15 teamster?, city aud
country, $S!0 per month and board. MURRAY A
READY, Leading Employment Agents, «J34 and
636 Clay st.
1~ >ANTRYMAN, COUNTRY HOTEL. $25 AND
. fare refunded: 6 waiters, city and country, $30,
$25 ana $20; 3 dish washers, $la and $20; 6 cooks,
$30 to $60; second cook, $35; cook and wife,
small country hotel; cook, private family; 2
ranch ceo a: porter for saloon and hotel. MUR-
RAY & READY, . Employment Agents.
634 and 636 Clay st. [7
cad WAITER, country hotel, $40;
2 waiters for . a seaside resort, $25; : 2 waiters
for a summer resort, $25; waiter, country restau-
rant, $30 and room; second cook, hotel, $35:
ranch cook, $30. C. B. HANSEN A CO.. 110
Geary st.
"17'LANNEL WASHER, COUNTRY LAUNDRY,
-T 30 and found: 2 ironers, country laundries,
$25 to $30. C. R. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
BARBER, COUNTRY HOTEL. EVERYTHING
IJ furnished: German barber for an institution.
C. K. HANSEN A CO.. 110 Geary s»
ANTED- 3 M I N ERS, $2 50 TO $2 75 DAY;
*» furnace-man, $35 Had found: sawfiler. $3 to
$3 60 day. 2 butter-makers. $30 and : $26 : and
found: farmers, landsmen, $35 and $30 and
found; laborers for mine, $28 and found; 2 East-
ern farmers, same ranch, and others. Apply to J.
F. CROSKTT * CO., 628 Sacramento- st. ..
WANTED— CAKE-BAKER AND PASTRY
'" cook, $16 week: 3 restaurant cooks," s2s and
$45 and found: waiters,' dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. t ROSETT «fe CO., 628 .-acramento.
\\r ANTEP— GERMAN BARKEEPER, WITH
'• references; waiter who can open oysters. $40:
waiter, small country restaurant. $20; dishwasher,
$^0; dishwasher, country hotel. $20 and room, etc.
LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton St.
WANTED- YOUNG ENGLISH BOY AS SEC-
" ond butler, $20. L. ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
T7IARMHANP NEAR CITY. $26; 2 FARM-
X, hands. $20: man to milk and care hogs,' $16:
teamster and wife. $36: machine miner: $3 a day:
blacksmith and shoer, $40: waiter-boy, $15;chore-
bov, $12: bark-peelers to go to-day. R. T. WARD
A CO., 6uB and 610 Clay s ,
\\T anted— YOUNG E.nGLISU BOY to AS
'• slst head butler; $15 and found. Apply MISS
PLUNK Ell. 624 Sutler st.
1 AKEK AND PASTRY, COUNTRY, $40.
' > HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. ■
r ANTED-PARTNEK WITH $150 TO OPEN
'» 25c restaurant;' $60 per month guaranteed:
elegant location. OK ■ 1. STEWART, 602 Market.
-•> EMPLOYED MEN CAN OBTAIN STEADY
*■' work by applying at room 69, Columbia bide.
\\l ANTED— BOY 'TO ■ DISTRIBUTE TYPE.
' ' Call, Ba. M., 113 Davis st. :, :1. - .
i-> irstm:lass COATM AKERS by WEEK.
28 Morris aye.. beu Harrison and Bryant ats...
ANTK/J ANKXPERI NCED PKESSBOY."
'' MAN DEL, 128 California BUM . • ■ -. 1 - ••■
BUTTER-MAKER -ANP - TAKE ■ CARE
chickens; private family, Oakla id, $30. 315
Sutter st. . L . . , „. ..' ..•■■■>■■ :.■'■ .-.
\\r ANTED— A Na 1 CHILDREN'S CLOTHING
»» salesman; best reference required. RAPH-
AEL'S. . ■.■'•-.'.,--■■•'■ o.; ■■•' : ■-■--■■. --■■-? ... -
\\r ANTED— GOOD- COATMAKER; $10 PER
"» week and board. 1211 Twenty-third aye.,
East Oakland. , ,-. _ •. ' w
VOl'Xti CLERK; QUICK ANU • ACCURATE
X calculator;; must be rapid penman. -. D., box
165,- this office. :- .--■- ■:'■■'.': '^_:;. :
V\ ANTED— BRuILER, $60. ETC. MARTIN'S
Employment Agency. 749 Market sU','- ' '
\| AN OR I.OY AS DISHWASHER. ; 8279
■"i Mission sU-. -'• "./''.••.."-•- ■"" : ■- -
Vl' A NTKD— A YOUNG MAN FOR FL RNl-
*' ture and carpet store. ■-' 1433 Mission st. '- -• ■
PAKTN..R. WITH $50, TO HELP IN BUTCH-
er-shop: low rent."' 335 Fourth su "-' .*
V R E E~BEER-2 BCHOONEI.K FOR sc: ALSO
X.a bottle of lager or steam,' 9c., at 637 Clay st. i
V OTJNd MAN TO TRA VEL; . MUST : HAVE
X' $250 cash. Address Cash, box .71, Call Office.
IMR ST-CLASS. 'CARRIAGE STRIPER ON
light and heavy worn. Address box 96, this
office. .. - t . :
K W WALDO , HOUSE, ; 765 : MISSION, BET.
Xi 3d and 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c to
bOu;week $1 to $2 &0: reading-room; strictest atten-
tion io morning calls: dean; quiet;; open all nli:hu
SI N OLK FURNISHED ' ROOMS. 26c NIGHT,
$1 week. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis, nr. Taylor.
• HELP LASTED— Contlnned. '-*
v ARBERS— FOR .EMPLOY ME NT CALL SEC-
!-> retiu-y Barbers' Asso., 102 Seventh. H. Bernard.
IJAKBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
I-> :'■ C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUCHS. 325 Grant aye.
BARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary,- CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.'
AKBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAI. EMPLOY-
_J? cn ._. Sec '- V - P. c. Hamann. v: g'^o'Farreii.
HALF OF'STORE~FOR S-CHAIR BARBER-
shop; cheap rent. 913V^ Market st. . '
V'lK RENT— TWO-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP
X at 1123 Market st.; a bargain. . . ■■■■-- y.
iJAKBEKS— A GOi'l) COUNTRY BARBER
•' shop: 2 chair j: 2 baths: for sale; $300: good
investm-nti for barber with family. Forparticu-
lars inquire of PECKELMAN BROS;, 106 Ellis St.
W' ANTED— FOR iTH UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years; i
not ; less th»n 5 . feet ■ 6 • inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and sceak English properly: only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted: this important branch of the naval
service offers special iuducements; giving oppor-
tunities to visit all parts of the world on board 'our
new cruisers. For further information apply at the
Recruiting Office. 20 Ellis su.San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED — working foreman on" !
" large prune orchard: honest, industrious and !
agreeable, with references as to character and i
ability. 51 First st. . - . - a
LL MEAT ORDERS sc, WITH COFFEE.
tea or milk. 635 Clay St.
1 ((A MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, l»c
X\i\J and 200 a night, including cofle* and roll*.
624 Washington nt., near Kearny. :-■•>: < • :
8.-RESIOVKD FROM 609 CLAY TO 648
. Clay; bottle wine or beer with hot lunch, 6c
p RAND CLEARANCE SALE OF BOOTS AND
VJT shoes, bedrock prices: $6 shoes cut to $8, $5 to
$2 50, $4 to $1 60, $2 60 to $1 26; all goods sacri-
ficed next 15 days In order to enlarge store and'
put in new stock. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
\\ T INCHKSTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
W ANTED— AN IDEA; WHO CAN THINK OP
T ' come simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WF.DDERBURN A D«pt. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
vi r E have a LOT OF damaged SHOES
' » selling at less than fourth their value: cast
off shoes bought or exchanged. .. 662 Mission sU
RY ACME HOUSE, 957 < MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
T ODOINGS, 6c TO 15c "PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 621 Pacific-, below Kearny.
4 STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
.A. din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
EST IN CITY-SING 1 E ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1, $1 25, II 60 per week.
Pacific house. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
\\T E ARE SHOt DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' ' your old shoes and make them as good as new,
•nd with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half tbe usual price: done while you wait.
662 Mission St., between First and Second ata.
BEST PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
hand shoes, 749 Mission au, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
OOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
per week. Oriental, 225-PrnmmsU ■ ■
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms; 26c per nigh:: $1 to $3 per week.
C"1 ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60;
> balf-soleing 25c up. 959 Howard si., nr. Sixth.
I IN DELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
-1 ' sts.; single furnished rms 75c week, 16c night.
LCHO HOUSE. 863 Va MARKET ST^
i'.ooms 20c. 25c. to 50c. night: $1 to $3 week.
W' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&cl erics. KNOX Collection Agcy. 110 Suiter j
\\r ANTISP— MEN TO .LR.ARN BARBER !
• » trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and I
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School, 1510 Howard. '
W! ANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY- $1 I
T-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room : dally papers. 36 Clay su
; \» EX TO FEEIi MANHATTAN "STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keen ir.
AGENTS WANTED. ~
■pMPIBE LIFE. ~~
PURE LIFE
INSURANCE
v • :,"■-'
AT COST.-— .
AGENTS WANTED.
PORTER BUILDING,
____ SAN JOSE.
A GENTS, MALE AND FEMALE, TO SELL
-^*- Press' patent long-handle dustpan. 9^8:11 st.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~~
FOR RENT^TThoICEST^ LOCATION IN
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON. B*rkel*»r. .:
WANTED -MISCELLANEOUS...
ANTED^BWTsiT~oFniNIiR !
falls and ladders. Apply at 016^_ Market St.,
Labor Bureau. '
S~ ECOND-HAND KODAK*, CAMERAS' j
leases, magic lanterns, slides. 109 Montgomery
ELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
0 elrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth at.: fend postal.
LOST.
LOST, JUNE Toi AT S AUS ALITO, SCOTCH
XJ terrier, name Jack : clipped from neck to tall*
had on Alameda license tag:. Address E. L.
MERWIN, Larkspur; reward will be paid. '
f OST - POMFRANIAIV TOY SPANIEL
XJ bitch, long black hair, little white on breast
answers to the name of Altl. Return to Occiden-
tal Hotel off! can 1 receive $20 reward ; no ques-
tions asked. ..-.. ■ . :
UG BITCH: COLLAR; STRING AROUND
neck; spot: hair off side; liberal reward. 1125 i
Bush st. ■ ■ • ...
NGLISH PUG SLUT ON JULY 6, EVENING"
Suitable reward 1308 a Leavenworth st.
LOST— MOCKING-BIRD; BLIND ONE EYE-
liberal rewarJ. . 30 Kearny, room 8.
OST — OPERA GLASS; MARK D "J. B.
Castro." For reward apply 45 Crocker, ;bldg.
OST — WHITE ENGLISH SETTER , DOG-
black ears; return 926 Eddy st. ; liberal reward." !
CIANAKY-BIRD LOST IN NEIGHBORHOOD i
\J of Powell and Pine sts. ; liberal reward. 710
Powell st. ■ '■
(jjji^r) REWARD FOR WHEREABOUTS OF !
<Jp^.V» new 8-sprlng, 2-horse vegetable waron, j
painted scarlet ; and blue; doub'.e-actlon brake; ',
spring lifters on tailgate; adjustable pole: 2 bay i
horses; driven by young man, smooth face, light I
complexion. 1221 Webster st.
ENGLISH PUG LOST; RETURN" T0~2327i5 !
Xli Flllmore; receive liberal reward. I
T~OBT-BLACK CATBKYE BRACELET WITH
XJ bancles; return to Branch Call Office. 116
Ninth St.: reward. ■'■■. - : .>
■;' PHYSICIANS.
DEMOVED-DR. C. C. O' DON NELL TO 1203
XX Market st. ; diseases of woman a specialty. -
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT PR. JORDAN AT i
his museum, . 1051 Market st. : his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment; 1
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. .
HOUSES.
\V^nte^d-X^o^rs^n^t~o^e^Tyears
.» » of age accustomed to work single: sound and
gentle; suitable for express . business; >' with ■or
without harness. Address 8., box 91, Call Office.
fUST ARRIVEP-20 HORSES; FINE Bl'SI- >
O ness horse and buggy; $85. ' 510 Van Ness. '
HORSE AND WAGON. INQUIRE 1619
Powell sU . , -...,;.-■■
LEI BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
of I good ■ harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, for 1. ss money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister su, S. F.
]h() SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND EAR-
xuw,ne3s,rall kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts;, must be sold. 1128 Missions:
fSOO SET - NEW AND~SECOND-HAND HAlf
kj\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
Arockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
~\f\ 11OP.8ES FOX SALE; ALSO ; WAGONS
lv/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth su ; auction sales every Wedna*
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers. , ,7;
OBSES PASTURED: SKNO ' FOR CIRCU-
' !:ir Tin- Hvrte Itanch. 6HO ' nmmprclal su."?
. wagons amu carriages.
OR COVERED CARTS;" ALSO 4
good horses, used for delivery. : 426 '-Valencia.
IG "HORSE AND EXPRESS WAGON FOR
sale cheap. -1128 Folsom st. :
LIGHT "- WAGON: ALMOST • NEW; * CHEAP.
XJ Call Coal Yard, 6 Board man pi. -;. ;
OR.>E. WAGON AND HARNESS, $45. AP-
ply 123 Silver at.- . ..'; .
LOR SALE,' AT EASTERN PRICES. FINE
1 carriages of every desciption; cash, notes or
Installments. - Carvlll Mfg C 0.,; 46-48 Bth su, S. F.
S" LIGHTLI' « SOILED 1 DRIVING ~" GLOVES-
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome su
V T WA N D D-H AND BAKERS', LA UN"
XI,- dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison su y •■.-..;■'
1; PR SESSIONAL CARDS. -:, ; - -.-
JOHN E. IIICIIARDS, LAW OFFICES?. ROOMS
28 and 27. Crocker building; telephone Main
75. San Francisco, Cal. •' :•
JOHN R. AITKEN AND MAURICE L.ABHER,
O attys at law, rms 516.5 16. sth noor,Parrou bldg.
__ l BUSINESS CHANCES.
fffl» "I Of)(\ 1 pXrtNER WANTED IN WELL-
dPIOWU. known express transfer company;
has cream of trade In this city: clears $300 per
month: proprietor owns his own property, barns,
i storages, etc. : has four fine teams running worth
! $3000; best business in this' State,- making sure
income; established 10 years: will exchange for
country real estate: grand bargain. STENBEKG
CO.. 632 Market st. "
.<Si~\ XA CIGAR-STORE: PRINCIPAL THO-
»4PXt>U. roughfare; Invoice the coods: con-
nected with large theater: rent only $15: sickness
! only reason for selling. STENBERO CO., 632
i Market sU'
I ftlV^H GROCERY, ON PRINCIPAL
I rS)X^iU\J. street:- large stock; cheap rent: liv-
i ins-rooms;- clears $125 monthly: don't miss this
; bar-aiii; rare chance. STENBERG CO.. 632 Mar-
i ketst. ...-■..., - , 
•KlOOn BAKERY NORTH OF MARKET;
! tlpXUl/V. cooking three barrels dally: receipts
$250 a week ; clears $160 a month ; no opposition;
rare bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st. . ■
Uljl OX CORNER STATIONERY, BOOK AND
«IDX_jc». notion store, with splendid front; oppo-
site prominent park and school; rent $12: invoice
goods: sickness. STENBERG CO.; 632 Market.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A HUSl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
C»OP.fk CIGAR-STORE; .FINE LOCATION
I tipOOXJ. in the Mission; cheap rent: only rea-
j son for selling other business: it will pay you to
I investigate this fine buy before the opportunity is
losU T. I.UBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye. .
ffi«£CA GROCERY AND BAR; FINE LOCA-
<S)\JO\J. tion; stock is actually worth more
money ; doing elegant business; cheap rent; reason
for selling, this fine place is sickness; If you see
this place you will buy It. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hail aye. . , -
I JUNE CIGAR-STORE: FURNISHED COM-
plete; tine locality; only 50c a day rent; see at
once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<Bi7^n LODGING-HOUSE; 15 ROOMS; FUR-
*\p I O\J . nlshed elegant;- finest locality: cheap
rent; all the rooms full paying well; Investigate
this rare chance. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
fflj'>£n partner in saloon: object
- <jp._««JU. for taking paitner, to run the business
more successfully. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©7^(l corner FAMILY liquor-store,
«ID I O\J. with/club and 4 living-rooms, In West-
ern Addition; rent $60: doing large business.
WILKE A WOLF, 531 California st.
ffl> Q A SALOON WITH. ' LARGK PATRON-
<JP<J«JV/. age from Clay and Merchant sts. and
market hail; money-making place: low rent; bar-
gain. WILKE A WOLF. 531 California su
fls7o(i BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY
tjp I uw. an d coffee-parlor: kept by present
owner, a lady, 11 years: wants to retire to private
life. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
Oj{£»nfV SALOON CLOSE TO GOOD ALL &
«JpUWU. Perkins' steamboat landing; good pay-
ing; low rent. WILKE, 631 California st.
UNDERWOOD CAN SELL YOU LODGING-
*~> houses from $250 to $8000: we have some
bargains; also restaurants, cigar stores, saloons,
bakeries; buys and sells all kinds of business;
money to loan. USD KB WOOD, 765 Market st. .■ .
©OP.A RESTAURANT : at 1 transfer
tijjtJcJV. point; excellent location: line trade;
$100 cash: balance payments; trial given. UN-
WOOD. 765 Market st.
"YTEWLY AND ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XI bay-window corner . house , north of Mar-
ket st. at a bargain: part time; a sure money-
maker. UNDERWOOD, 765 Market st. .
DO YOU WANT TO SELL YOUB BUSINESS
promptly? HEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
PARTNER CORNER SALOON, STEADY
X; man $250
Corner grocery and bar at the Mi55i0n......... 750
Wood and coal, Western Addition; bargain.. 250
Corner saloon, waterfront; owner sick  600
$176— Bakery, candy, etc.. at the Mission; liv-
ing-rooms; furniture Included For bargains apply
HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny sU
REDWOOD TIMBER, • : ~ '■ ~
XV FOR TIES OR A MILL.
Mendocino County ,, Hollow Tree Creek, covering
both banks for miles; 3000 acres controlling 6000
more; never. touched by an ax: will cut 50 M
feet per acre; a first-class tract for railroad ties or
mil! plant, being connected by wagon-road with
. three landings on ocean: all down grade; perfect
title: stumpage $1 per M with 1 proper security.
E. W. BKELTON, 410 Montgomery sU,. San
Francisco. . .
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
XX new 6-story and basement brick buildl ng con-
taining 98 rooms: also ground-floor and well-
lighted basement: centrally located, Vi block N of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply 10 S. SILVERBERG, 320 San-
some st.. room 39.
HE DEL NORTE HOTEL, CRESCENT CITY,
X California— The best equipped house in North-
ern California is now offered for sale, or can be
leased on favorable terms; this house is the best
paying Investment In Northern California, and
must, be disposed of on account of sick. ess. >or
terms and particulars apply or address E. YATES,
proprietor, Crescent City, Cal. '
<E»qx7\ PARTNER WANTED IN ONE OF
nJpOOKJ. tbe nicest butcher-shops in. the city;
elegantly fitted up: nice cart; doing business
strictly cash, clearing $40 per week: need not be a
butcher, as owner thoroughly understands the
business and will teach Incoming man the same;
don't fail to investigate this. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market su . . ■
(DjOOl^ CIGAR-STORE, STATIONERY AND
<?«->— O. laundry office; No. 1 location: living-
rooms: low rent: doing good business. See BAR-
RETT, 1125 Market st.
CjOA BRANCH BAKERY; 4 LIVING-
<JpOV/. rooms; low rent; receipts $5 to $7 a day;
cigar stand. BARRETT, 1126 Market st,
CUROn PARTNER WANTED: ACTIVE
<3PO"Vf. man with above amount can find a
splendid opportunity to engage in a lucrative busi-
ness which pays large profits; Investment secured
by buildings and stock in trade; one partner un-
ab'e to attend to duty. Apply to H. COLEMaN,
918 Broadway, Oakland.
Q7fin STATIONERY, CANDIES, NEWS- 1
»3) • \J\J. stand, circulating library, notions,
cigars, tobacco, etc;- steady cash trade; affords
good living for small family: nice fixture: 4 living
rooms.large yard, stable; near 4 schools; old estab-
lished; cheap rent; full value in sight. Address
P., box 4. Call Office. / :. , - .: - , ■
TFYOU ONLY HAVE A SMALL CAPITAL,
X say from $300 -to $1000, and will be satisfied
with a sure salary from $15 to $30 per week, ac-
cording to amount Invested and a percentage over
and atove salary: money invested well secured;
principals only address G. C, box 60. Call Office.
CALIFORNIA GOLD MIN ES— CAN PLACE A
\J few thousand In gold property that will pay
the,investor 100 to 500 per cent profit; less than
$3000 and more than $15,000 not considered.
CHAS F. BLACKBURN, M. E. and Mining
Geologist, 230 Kearny st., room 12.
I, WANT A -BRIGHT MAN OR WOMAN,
with small capital, to join me in a business prop-
osition that I have investigated; there is a good
salary in it for two workers; money invested se-
curt-d; references exchanged.. Address J. L., box
10, Call Office.
flti XX A FOR SALE TO CLOSE AN ESTATE—
t£>OO\J. stationery, bakery and variety store at
1010 Buchanan s*~: rent of store with 4 rooms
and bath, $20. Apply after 2 o'clock, J. REIMER,
attorney at law. i.09 Montgomery st.
"ffl; t>fin delicacy BrtANCH BAKERY
»2;«.»UVJ. and candy store: Sliv'ng rooms: rent,
'$15; good business; reason for selling, going to
country. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market su -
• <jj{ • } X fj DELICACY STORE; LOW RENT;
*i7_tiu. first-class '.'neighborhood ; ■•■. Bear large
school; no opposition: . chance of lifetime. Apply
Call Office. .... . ■■■_,-■■
OOD OPPORTUNITY ; SELLING OUT TO
\J close estate: business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000: owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 137, Call Office.
AKERS, ATTENTION! RARE CHANCE
to open and build up a good business In large
neighborhood, . .with all utensils: complete-, rent
reasonable. Inquire at 11.02 Webster st., Alameda.
mo LET— A COAL YARD IN RUNNING OR-
Xder: best in city: established 9 years; rented
or leased lor a term of years: 6 stalls, screens.
scale; rent $15 with water. 1915 McAllister st.
\\T ANTED— A PARTY WITH $16,000 TO $20,-
-»» 000 to Invest In a legitimate mining and mill-
ing proposition, which promises very large results.
Address Miner, box 112. Call Office. . •- ; .
FOR~S~ALE— AT AB A P.C. A IN ; THE SANTA
i Cruz Troy steam Laundry. For further partic-
ulars cjU or. address CHARLES BLEY. proprie-
tor, 26 Vine St., Santa Cruz. j7
AIRDRESSING, .MANICURING ANDMED-
' icated bath business in Oakland for sale or ex-
change for real estate; bargain. Address Busi-
ness. box 82, Call Office. .
■"L/ORSALE— HARDWARE BUSINESS- FIFTY
X l . miles from < San Francisco; $2000 to $2500
stocK. For particulars or interview address H S
box 71, Call Office. .■-.-. ' "'
ESTAUKANT FOR SALE— ESTAB-
Xt lished : the present owner ran It for 12 years-
good place for nun and wife. Apply 149 Seventh
St.. near Howard.
iJAKERY. STATIONERY AND ICECREAM
IJ store— Must be sold on account of sickness-
living-rooms: old-established business: bargain!
ARE CHANCE-FOR SALE, A ROADHOLSE
near Haywards;: 9 rooms and 1 acre of land
lor particulars aidress PROWSE A o'NFi r r
ay wards, Cal. . •'" '■ -- ■_--' ■ .- " '"-
BARGAIN— SALOON; <■ BAR RECEIPTS SIB
■XJ to $18 per day; rent $20 per month: near all
Francisco. Apply to H. M. COVERT, 218 Cali-
ELIABLE MAN HAS GOODOPPuRTUiS 'TV
.ogo In beer bottling and liquor buslnoss in
country; small mve-tmenu Apply 112 Taylor st.
©i 9- express ; BUSINESS FOX
<IDX— •_». on account of sickness: good stand-
clearing $80 month.' Apply 205 Larkin st. .-.■
"L^OR SALE, CHEAP-LOCKSMITH, MACHIN-
X Ist and grinding shop; well tooled ud 1003
Mission st. .... :': . - s ' "■
L'OK RENT— LAROE BASEMENT SALOON 7
X completely furnished for business; low rent
Inquire room Parrott building. 825 Market su
-T>KSJTAUKANT-A»..OODTKADE; BETWEEN
Xt two carbouses:' owner must sell 0:1 account of
sickness; -will, be sold very cheap. ■; 3279 ; Mission.
Saloon-in FINEiORPER;/ GOOD LOCA-
, . £?,; '^^ M chance for man and wife. 1 Apuly
to EDWARP p. CARROL,,. & CO., 407 Battery st.
FEE i Ki < i A k^P VK( ' E , ' " ABJUS ROUTK: 3 YEARS
rfrJSi! bllshed: good- investment guaranteed., Ad-
dress A. D. MELVILLE, 105 Juniper st., city. -
L> RANCH BAKERY; NOTIONS. ETC •" SICK-
X> ness; Western Add. DF.CKKR, 1020 Market.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
<2»OAfk CANDY STORE, DOING A FINE
s>ooo. business; recMots $6 to $8 per day;
guarantee. PROLL & CO., 719MarkeU
fl£TE?f WILL PURCHASE HALF INTER EST
&I OU in a business paying $65 to $75 per
month to each. Partner, box 162, Call Office.
BLACKSMITH AND HORSESHOEING BUSI-
D ness for sale very cheap: cause of sale, de-
parture. Inquire at 127% Langtou st.
Onn CONFECTIONERY. BY SI N ESS;
ifeOUU. paying well; can investigate. ALDEN
A KRONEN BERG. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
<E» I -rv SALOON: FINEST LOCALITY ; LOW
(jK IDU. rent- goo# patronaie; best reasons for
selling: at sacrifice._sl2 St., city.
i ™R-SALE-s"ALOUN : SE> CO RN ER BAT-
I 1 tery and Vallejo sts.: a great bargain; low rent;
living-rooms upstairs. , ■
THE ONLY MODERN IMPROVED HOTEL
of 80 rooms in Stockton for rent or lease. In-
quire D. ROTHENi.USH. ' '
d»Q^A RESTAURANT; NEWLY FITTED;
tJroOU. fine location; good business; sickness.
Apply this office. " _ ■ ' ' .
nr ACRES-CHICKEN K ANCH TO REST:
-JO stock will be sold at 51 300. P. O. box 331,
Petaluma. ' ,
OR SALE-EXAMINER ROUTE IN j CEN-
X ter of Oakland. F. HILL, 1148 Chester st,
Oakland.
«L*l Z.f\ FOR BUILDING ON LEASED LOT:
«&X OU suitable for grocery, W. CP.ANE, 324
Post st. ■ ■ ..- '.- ■ ■-• ■
«Jl f\f\ BRANCH BAKER CANDY: 4 LIV-
<I)IUU. ing-rooms. SKIFF & CO., 921 Market.
X ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNEH
i (German) ; $25 capital. Room 2. 12 Mason St.
o_O ,A BAKERY, CANDY, NOTION STORK;
tSti-2' 'U. 2 sunny rms. furn'ed. 1802Vg Howard.
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 3.
fflJO^fk SODA FOUNTAIN; GLASS HOLD-
«Ip^iOU. ers, etc.; $90. ; Apply 159 Second st.
NY BTOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash ; city or country. M.. box 2. Call.
TJESTAURANT; SNAP THIS WEEK; JUST
XV the place for man and wife. Call Office.
ALOON; LONG LEASE; LOW RENT. AW
ply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific sU -,
"|7<OR SALE— FINE CORNER SALOON AKO
JTj restaurant; cor. Fell and Stanyan. . - -.
(JIOR SALE CHEAP— ESTABLISHED
J liquor store. Apply 1113 Howard.
OMEBAKEBY FOR SALE. INQUIRE AT
Call Office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
"ST^fT^i^^El^G^NTL^ FURNISHED
<JIDUU. rooms; worth $1200. SKIFF A CO.,
921 Market su
HOUSE OF 16 WELIi- LIGHTED ROOMS;
' suitable for lodging-house: 326. 544 i-lxtfa et,
LODGING-HOUSES TO LET.
n-ROOM HOUSK, IN PAYMENTS.... $150
22 rooms on Market st ..' $600
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
50 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 to $5000
. Apply to DECKER, 1020 Market. ■ '
f ODGING-HOUSE TO LET— 232 VAN NESS
XJ aye., corner; 44 rooms; arranged for lodgings
or housekeeping. ;
at ROOMS; GOOD PAYING HOUSE: $300
ttU cash.' balance easy terms. 116 Second st.
FI'KNITIKE iOK sale.
A^^^^a^bTr^alnT^San^solJe^^b^o^case
and desk, dlning-table and chain, two oak:
chamber sets, two hair mattresses, parlor furni-
ture, 'mantel bed, carpets, etc.; all new. 125
Grove st. : ■
FURNITURE OF THREE ROOMS. ALSO
' Helpmate sewing machine. 2635^_ Harri-
son st. . . . " . •
IpiRE SALE! ~- .-. . ■ ... : .-.
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets ......' $18 50
Bed lounges ;.......... :... 800
Stoves 7 60
Carpets, r?r yard 55
Linoleum, per yard .'...: .....'.... 65
Matting, per yard :.. 10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we tare conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. • . ■ ■ . ■
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR"
lowest prices on household goods, new or gooi
as new; casa or time, open evenings. -■■
A(\(\ CARPKTS; CHAMBER BETa $14:
stoves. $5: parlor sets, $20: foldlne-bed.i.
$10: bed- ounces, $7. T. O. McCAKTHY 11 4'.h.
FURNITURE WANTED.
T S W ANT FURNITURE" AND OFFICE Fit
X tures of any kind; will pay good prices. Call or
send card 7 City Hall aye.
J~~ C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornia st,. corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
INDIANA AUCTION CO., SUCCESSORS TO M.
XJ. SIMMONS' Anc Co., 1057 Market, pays cash.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PiiICES FOR FL'RNl-
tnre and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkin.
SBABCH, 321 BUTTEK, WANTS FURNt-
» ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 781.
CARPET CLEANING.
JONES CO. CARPKT^~CL^AnTnG^ANO*
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
pARPET CLEANING, 3c. : LAYING. 3c. : RUG
V samples free; tel. Jessie 944. Stratton. 19 Bth st.
GIBEAT-. WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
X works- latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
lng 3c yd. Q. GEORGE, 11 Bth ; phono Jessie 253.
HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor worK send to SPAULPING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama su ; teL So. 40.
CONKUN '8 CARPET EEATING WORKS. 33i
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. - -
CUTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
> ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tet South 250.
C CARPETS. CLEANED AND . RENOVATED
\J like 1 aew. FERGUSON & CO. 23 Tenth- teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN INO CO.. -_4_"
..14th Bt. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-'
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: t«il. south 2_3i
BICYCLES. — —
JUST IMAGINE A HIGH-GRADE BICYOLE
for $10 and upward. 306 Post st. :■ .-, T
SECOND-HANP STERLING AT EXCEPTION-
-0 ally low rates and terms. 314 Post st. .
SECONDHAND . WHEELS IN PERFECT
order: terms, cash or Installment"; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33
Ben Hur tandem. DAVIS BROS., 26 Geary st. '
'96 YOSEMITE TANDEM, ALMOST NEW™
$100. W. CRANE, 324 Post SU "*7.*
T WIN *" PEAKSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
• v . Headquarters Ln-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
QC NEW FALCON; HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
>>*J $55 each: price: few left. GEORGK
WEBB ALEXANDER. 401 Market St. UC<U " UJIi
FOR SALE-'96 BAMBLEit; WARWICK- IM-
•.i.?f rlft .l, ftnd cll PP er bicycles at great gains.
ARK CYCLER Y— NEW WHEELS TO _T~
X best accommodations. ■ Terminus Geary Mo!
Allister and Powell sU car lines.
FOii SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH JERSEY COW. APPVY 2220 BUENA
Vista aye.. Alameda.
pHEST CARPENTERS OR CABINETMA&
\J ers' tools: must be good ana cheap. 23 Fifth st.
A « NI OSr-MAKK~BICYCX_i AT A SACRI-
Jt\. flee. Call 724 Larkin st.
VINE, LARGE SHORT-HORN COW, CALVED
-1 5 days: second calf; large milker. "1312 Folaom.
■T-'OR SALK-PATENT FOR THE LATE WIL-"
X Ham lford's portable homo. Apply to MRS.
K. KLKORD, 1406 Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
GOOD' CASH REGISTER. MAGUIRE, ISO
\J , Sansome sU, room 9.
ONE HOIISKPOWKRGAS ENGINE; CHEAP.
Apply 210tf Larkin si., after 6 p. m.
X-3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE A CENTRlFU-
galpumpattached<fcso-llghtdynamo.sl6Mission
nUU.^UKS, SUELVI NG, SHOWCASES
\J bought. sold. 1121% Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
AKOAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;"
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
b OILERS, ENG IN AND MACHINERY
XJ waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman. 137 Heals,
, UILDINUS iJUUGUT; LUMBER, SASHiST
' doors, mantels, etc for sale. 1 66 Mission. --.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZK
fire and burglar proof safe. -109. 11l Market K. <
L"URE AND BUKGLAK SAFK, LETTEB^"
X press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
YEW KANOEa CHEAPER THAN SECONUk"
XI hand. <y. a. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California 3--
■ SEWING MACHINES. "
SINGER SEWING-MACHfNE~OFF7cE7TItiSI»
, Market: rent $1 60 to $2 per mo.; repairing.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT. >ULU. KXCHa
rented, repaired : lowest ratftt. .05 Fourth _*
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW.
A DVICE FREE- FfvoRCE LAW-TX"^^^^
XX ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collection-!, wills, deeds, etc. at,
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 M^rktl
T . E. PHILLIPS-U. S. AND STATE COURTS 7
J J. damage cases a specialty: money to loan on
estates; charges nioqerute. Offices 508 Caliiornia.
I ju (; i AJj B PSINESS TRANSACTED; NoTub!
■*- ucity ; advice free, confidential. P. o. box 2132.
R W^fF ' rT °kney-at-law. chron":
xv. lde oldg; advice free; moderate; open evngs.
VV" VI"iV AVIIJsoN ' A TTOMMKY^A I'-LAW.tM
»' . Calif orn la sU. rooms it and 15: advice frea.
i_ --I HOTEL TO LEASE. '~
T2 \ET— THE I W.' TELL HOUSE ' " si77siß
1 Bush st.: this well-known hotel is thoroucnlv
KSt O^ 18 ? 1 co " sld "^ly Improved; compares wlttt
i best ad-claaa hotel in town. MADISON A BURKSHOUSES Tjn^jr^TETj
UNNY HOUSE; 6 ROOMS; $18: WATER
free. 12 Willow aye., off Larkin, bet. Eddy
and 1 .His gta. -" - ' ■••■-■ ■ '
ITPPKRFLATOF 6 ROOMS 447 JESSIE ST.,
VJ beu Fifth and Sixth. '• - : ' . ■---■■
~?u i r\ HOUSE OF 6 LARGE ROOMS AND
«JpxU. yard. 917 Treat ■ aye., near Twenty-
second Bt.
fin HOUSE 8 LARGE ROOMS AND LARGE
tJpJLO.yard. 212 Eleventh st.
OUSK— A .MCE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN it UAMMuNu, 10
M oim-omery s'. .^_^^______
COTTAtiKS TO iJBT.
Qjln COTTAOB "WITH STABLE AND
0 Iv, chicken-yard. Corner Minna and Julia
Sts.. beu Seventh and Eighth s'.s. >
pOTTAGETS ROOM "MODERN IMPROVE-
VJ ments; enaiiel bathtubs; 9-foot planked base-
ment; 916. 4392 Seventeenth si., above Douglass.
jiim GROVE— c:OTTAGK: 6 ROOMS: BATH;
t*-'J with or without Urge s ab.c in rear. ■:■
So r A COTTAGE 8 ROOMS. 18 PROS-
«ID< .OU. pect aye., bet. Twenty-seventh and
Twenty-eighth sts.. near Mission. '. -. :
C COTTAGE, REAR OF 2939 MISSION ST.;
\J three rooms and stable; rent $8. . ..-..' ...
pOTTAGK; 8 SUNNY ROOMS: YARD; BASK-
' ' men : small family. 1230 Folsom. nr. Ninth.
KIiKNISHKO flats.
uoTNT~Fl2CT7^w^LirTu^l<r?H^S7~PA^
tic aye.. near Flllmore. 626 Parrott building.
FLATS TO LKT.
'STcT~LOV^I/Y FLAtT^2 1 9 " E tS^AVE^
O-LO. near Golden Gate and Van Ness.
<JiQ 19 EVERETT, NEAR THIRD— 3 ROOMS.
<jTO. ASHTON&GARDINER.4II Montgomery.
4 ROOMS AND BATH: NICE FLAT NEAR
Call; 910 and $12. bPECK A CO.. 602 Market.
3 TO 7 ROOM AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
tages- from 96 to 920. SPECK A CO., 602
Market st. ■
T\KBIRABrE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS,
XJ with bath and all modern improvements.
1633 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Gough; rent, In-
cluding water, $42 50. -
A(\T7 TWENTY-THIRD — LOWER FLAT:
"V I I 100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms, bath
large yard; sun all day; rent $14; wa er free.
i[>LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
1 rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su
"VT ICE KLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS: GOOD
-»-> order; for housekeeping; 910. 224 Vi O'F&r-
reil su
*.• EXTRA LARGE ROOMS AND BATH: ALL
"' sunny front rooms; cor. bay-window; rent 9-0;
key at house. on NW. cor. Seventeenth and Capp.
©17 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
Oil. fiats: 5 rooms, bath. 141 Son Jose aye.,
near 1 wenty-fonrth st.
0*971 ELEGANT, NEW, EIGHT ROOMS,
O—'2. bath and laundry: separate yard; 45
Belvidere st. N ICOL, 534 California St.
P. (IX FELL— FLAT, 4 ROOMS: PAPERED;
*J\JO bath; hot and cold water; yard: large base-
menu • - .* '
fflj If\ FLAT, 8 SUNNY ROOMS. 1110 JES-
*&X\J. ale St., bet. Herman and Ridley.
"1 QA7 KTEINER, NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
X<D\J I flat. 6 modern, large, sunny rooms; bath.
O({1 A SUTTER — NICE SUNNY FLAT;
AKJX^r: yard front and rear: rent H5. ' ■=■ '.■'-.■;
<3jl (\ BAY-WINDOW FLAT, 4 ROOMS; CEL-
<J)i.U. lar. yard. 1059% Broadway, nr. Jones.
LOWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LARGE
Xj rooms. SOV2 Moss, off Howard, nr. Seventh.
oftro market-n¥w~flat or 7 sunny
£.\JO<O rooms and bath; cheap rent; $18. '
C* 1 A FLAT 4 ROOMS, BATH AND YARD.
<C>i- 8b Shotweilst., near Fourteenth.
5 BOWIE AYE., off ELEVENTH ht.— a
flat of 8 rooms: cheap rent.
1 IC\U POST— B AND 4 ROOM SUNNY
X I UP flats: garden; bath; 813 and 916.
ffij 1 7 FLAT b ROOMS AND HATH. 1027
oi. ♦ . Post *%., near Poll.-.
ffljU LOWER F'^AT; 6 kOOMS. 375 SAN-
ijpO. chez st., near Seventeenth.
\TEW FLAT, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
XI water free. 529 Ivy aye.
,'L.fc.IiANT NKW FLATS. SKVKNTM ST.. BE-
-t low itrvant. 5 and 6 room*, bath; $8 10 $16.
IiOCStKiSiPINU ltUO>Ls».
Bryant Street. ■ '" **" "*
C I -1 BRYANT, NEAR THIRD— NICE SUNNY
*JX X suite, connected: reasonable.
tilu? Street.
Q-J 7 EDDY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
♦.Ml nicely furnished: splendid location; private
family.
Ql C EDDY — 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
isX O fine location; private family; references. . ..
x-..»g -nee,.
Q9A ELLIS — TWO SUNNY FURNISHED
*JOvJ rooms for housekeeping, in rear; rent, 912.
coo ELLIS— 2, 3OR 4 UNFURNISHED sun-
*J~.O ny roams; gas; running water. .
TOQ'V ELLIS-UNFURNISHED FORHOUSE-
XZiOX keeping; 3 sunny rooms; clean house;
first-class neighborhood; private family; . bath,
gas, hot and cold water.
Eleventh Streeet.
On 1 ELEVENTH— 3 SUNNY FRONT US-
-"1 furnished rooms, or upper part of bouse (4
rooms).
Howard .Stree.. .
1 flfift HOWARD— FRONT AND BACK PAR-
JUUOIor: furnished for housekeeping.
1 Ql\f* HOY AKD ST., COR. FOURTEENTH;
-LOUU 3 or 4 sunny rooms. 98.
liyde Street.
61 HYDE — CONVENIENT LOCATION; 6-
-2 room flat, cheap;, also large, sunny unfur-
nished rooms , opp. City Hall: bath; hot. cold: nu-
merous closets: gas: fine place; very cheap.
1 IJ. HYDE— B OH MORE SUNNY ROOMS;
J- i. j: furnished for housekeeping.
Rearny Street.
-I C\A KEARNY— S UNFURNISHED ROOMS;
Xvi rent payable In toad if desired. •
Luikin i ree..
OOP LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
')~\J keeping aptmts; Ist fioor; gas ranges; bath.
yiOQ LARK I N — NICELY' FU JIN I SHED
■M— O sunny housekeeping rooms; alto single.
Qf\A LARKI3T- SUNNY~FURNISHED BED-
OUtr room and kitchen, »9; large back, »7.
l-eavenworth Street.
-I (\ I O LEAVEN WORTH — 3 SUNNY CON-
J.UJ •> ting unfurnished rooms; yard, cellar,
gas; $!&.
Minna Mreei.
A~A MINNA— 2 FURNISHED BOOMS, COM-
t-)tr plete for housekeeping; also back rooms.
f*Afi MINNA — FURNISHED BOOMS ■ FOB
O'iO housekeeping; large yard.
•iniQMISSION- FRONT FURNISHED
J ZiX V housekeeping rooms; no children; gas;
bath. •' - . ■
O'Farrell Street.
ni a O'FARRELL — FURNISHED - AND UN-
Z.X. tr furnished rooms for housekeeping with gas;
cheap. ■ -_". ~. •
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL, COR. MARKET. OPP. OCTAVIA— 2
well furnished housekeeping rooms, $18. ■
Second Avenue.
001 SECOND AYE.. RICHMOND— TO LET,
£&X 2 or 3 elegantly furnished rooms for house-
keeping; all modern improvements; rent reason-
able. . ■ .■■ .- ' ' .-"
aevetitn Street...
I'QC SEVENTH ST.— NICELY FURNISHED
Jl OU housekeeping rooms, en suite, 97 up.
vennon Street.
C.l A STEVENSON— 2 SUNNY, UNFURNIBH-
-0 1 rk ed rooms for housekeeping; with yard and
cellar. ..-■-■-•.. --:■•• ;
Stockton Street.
OH/! STOCKTON, N.E. COR. GEARY. NR. EM-
Z.\J\J porium— 2 or 3 sunny, unfurnished hskpg.
tutterfctreet. '
Cl A SUTTER — REAR; ' LOVELY SUITE
Oil furnished housekeeping rooms, only $10.
. — ■ — ■ — —————————
liiirtt Mvee;
Q/jf) THIRD— 2 SUITES HOUSEKEEPING
OO^ rooms: running water: sunny; porch . $8-99.
Cl THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK — is'UR-
♦JL>/ nlshed tiQunekeppl'ig rooms.
KOU3I ■» TO LUX. - .
California Street.
1 /lOCa CALIFORNIA — LOWER FLAT 2
J1 — O furnished rooms, 96 and 99: references.
. Clement Street.
OQC CLEMENT ST., COR. FIFTH AYE.,
• '— Richmond— 2 furnished sunny rooms; suit-
able for dentist's office; drugstore underneath.
Clementina Street. . .
'I(\Q* CLEMENTINA— EM. WITH OR
O'Jy without board; family speaks 3 languages.
\ 1 .am reel. :
THK RAMONA. 130 ELLIS; MM. KATE 8.
1 HART menacer— A quiet house: centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished ; elevator: hot A cold water.
091 ELLIS, NEAR TAYLOR-FOR best
•J^- I lodging we recommend the .rtosedale House.
QOO ELLIS (THE "PALMETTO). MRS A. J.
ij£i£i CALHOLN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms. \ ;.". •-.■ ■•
r Jl-^P 0 ? 18 TO ■ I*ET— Contlnned. '
" i-»Chth btreet. " .
CHKRMAJT APAETMKKT HOUSE. 9* BTH
0 si., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
-.- . Fifteenth Street.
1 COY FIFTEENTH, NR. HOWARD — TWO
- 1 *J*J I sunny unfurnished rooms for " house-
keeping.
oentv; ■ .
0171 GEARY — LARGE FURNISHED OR
fll ''3 unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
A On GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
jOVJ rooms; single or suite; reasonable. *
! rPHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
-1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: 910
month up. 1101 Geary St.. SW, cor. Van Ness aye,
■ omcu date Ai«nue,
IAKQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— ONE UN FUR-
X\JUO nlshed sunny front room: running water.
iiovvitru ' Mrtsei.
GOO HOWARD — SUNNY SINGLE AND
\J£iO double rooms, reasonable; gas: bath.
Jones Street.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny rooms; private.
9H7 :.'«»KS — lilt. VAN" WINKLK; NKW
«v • management: elegant ennny suites and
tingle; newly tarnished; batn. etc.; »1U to SHU.
» i.mr •ireet.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■*» Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class in every, respect; terms reasonable. :•
WE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
' » Rental and Tourists* Guide, 639 Kearny st.
Jessie Street.'
JESSIE. NR. SIXTH-2 ROOMS, SUIT-
OZi& able for 2 gentlemen or man and wife.
Lark in .hi reel.
Q"1 A LARKIN — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
%JX~t room; also suite of parlors; bath.
Leavcnworth street.
71 "I LEAVENWORTH— SUNNY PARLORB;
(11 private house; gentlemen only : references.
liurkpt Street. - "
VOSKMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
I night. BSc to 91 : week, 91 60 to 95: families.
Mason Street. .
OOP MASON — ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE;
0~0 bath: 920.
" . 3»iuna Mree.. '"
OC*n MINNA. COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
DO • nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
O'l'urreU Street.
Ql Cl O'FARRELL— SUNNY FURNISHED
Ol«J:i room, suitable for 2 gentlemen; 98 a
month. ■ ■' ■ .
Polk Street.
1 1 QQ POLK— BUILDING, COR. BUT-
-1100 ter; '1 nicely furnished front rooms.
. Powell Street.
oor: POWELL, cor. GEARY— 2 large
— — «J sunny front rooms.
Seventh street.
"I 07 SEVENTH— SUITE OF HOUREKEEP-
IOI Ing rooms, rent $12; other rooms 91 per
■week up.
utter street.
Cl A SUTTER — FOR DOCTORS OR DEN-
♦Jl*± tlsts, elegantly furnished suite cheap.
7AQ SUTTER, COR. TAYLOR— ELEGANTLY
4 V/O newly furnished sunny rooms: en suite or
single. . .
Taylor Street. f
1 AQ TAYLOR-SINGLE ROOMS, 91 25 PER
I\JO week; double, $ 2; double parlors; separate
beds.
IAO TAYLOR — SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
lii/ neatly furnished; hot water bath.
Thirteenth Street.
99Q THIRTEENTH, BET. HOWARD AND
+*.»-O Mission— Single, furnished front room. 96.
' Miscellaneous.
FULTON HOUSE. OPP. CITY HALL-
nlahed rooms, single or en suite: 98 and *16 ur>-
{-mEAPEsrr AND BEST IN America— thb
VJ WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for ?r £0, post-
age free.
BOAKOING AND BOOMS.
7~T7nin'rAißY^*ic r KTYT^
I X\J room with board; terms reasonable.
7 I O POST— 2 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS WITH
¥ I 1 — 'excellent bo-rd; $40 for 2; with privilege
lof parlor and piano; a pleasant home. - ' ..
OLUMBIA HOTEL-D. BUCKLEY. FOR-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackme'.er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and the traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: ■ Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
• trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy st.; meals 25c
THE STEWART, COR. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
-L worth— Newly furnished rooms, suites orslngle.
OTKL BKRTLINO. 714 MUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
»rn ronvenlerifo^. - ■ ■ .
t'HILDKKX HOARDED.
PERSIAN WIDOW WILL . BoXrD~!tWO
VT childron: 915 month. 139 Perry St.. 9 to 10 P. M.
STOKES ,TO LET. . -
S"^TORK~CoITXA^A^^TT^rL?2T^C>WAiRDI
with fixtures for saloon; fit for any business,
Cheap renU r
OFFICES TO LET.
O] £A POST — 3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS,
AX O with carpets, suitable for offices; first floor.
pRKckTsLaT BUILDING. 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny cilices, 912 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. H. I'MBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
MEDICAL. -
A BLESSING TO" LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment;
never falls; perfectly harmless; tree from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well ;
travelers helped immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. DR. <fc MRS.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills 92;
liOurs from 9 A. M. to 5 P. M. and 7 to 9 P. M.
~A~LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice ; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladle*, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; yon will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH. 916 Post St., near Larkln.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INBTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent and used at home: all coses guaranteed:
If you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny bu
T ADIES, CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH PENNY-
Xj royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by re-
turn mall: at druggist's. Chichester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa. " -■. - r
DRS. GOODWIN, DISBA-KS OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcelled in restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement: best of
care: low fees: pills 92. Removed from 1870
Market St. to 904 McAllister st. • . , ■ ..: i
~\ LPKAU'S FRENCH ~PILLH— A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with Irregularities: no danger; ■
safe -and sure; -92 50 oppress C O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cat. i
TNSTITUTE" OF PNKUMATOPA 111 V FOR
-L healing and instructions: ■ 2729 Jackson st.,
hours, 10 to 5; consultation free; call or write for
oor "New Methods"; the poor healed free.
BS. DR. WKGKNKR TAKES LAD-IKS BK-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
into good homes; . treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
VRKCUKK FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with i every comfort;; satisfaction guaranteed, by
Mita. DR. OWYKH, 226 Turk at. v
(g^fJA FOR CASE I FAIL TO CURE; DIS-
eases oi the eyes treated: ladies consult
free: only qualified specialist. MRS. DR. SCOTT,
216 Powell st. ■■■'"■' -'■ '. ■■■:■"■-.
DR. JOSSKLYN, THK GREAT SPECIALIST,
XJ 1206 Market s .; private and chronic diseases.
lost manhood and female troubles; P. O. box 2275.
DR. PEN A CHECKS -IT .IN 24 HOURS;
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 (irant ay-». '
: \4 RS. M. E. RODOERS, PRIVATE HOME IN
Dl confluement: terms reduced. " 929 Howard st.
»-'. J. A. ACHarF, .MIDWIFK-lliiM I. IN
confinement: 25 yrs' experience. 655 Mission.
1 F IRREGULAR OR ANY' FK.MALE DI EASE
life MRS.DR. PUBTZ and be content. 264 Vi 4th.
I>RIVATE HOM.K IN CONFINEMENT MRS.
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
K. iiAi.J.. 14 l.L)>. iii -I KKKT. NKAH
*Jono<. j/i^^tno* of »'i!n>i 1 "it riiliilrni..
: „, BI'OUAUK. ,
'oTOKA G HJoT TtyT»'l|R&
O proof building: advances made. 211 Larkln.
H. KO >NEY. 7^2 MISSION— STORAGE AT
.redtced rates: busernerit storace.t! SO perloal
I FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS;. AD-
-1 vances, shipping. CHAri. L. TAYLOR,2Q4PosU"
X OWESI RATES— FURNITURK, PIaNOS,
XJ household goods, etc. ; J. M. r*erce, 735 Market.
: ■B. SMITH FURNITURE : CO., - 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: . fireproof building;; Kaaiern plan.
TYPEWBtTEKS. : j*
JEBMiNUTON;S3Sr''r>MITH~. $60; Kn"d FOR
XV sample work. SCOTT A BAJS'N AN,a33ilnt jjmy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
- •-_ - rKKSOyAIiS. _ ;
Razop.-fixTng SPECIALTY: FINE
edge put on razor, 25c Razor Exchange, 630
Market St. ■ -. , ■■.'■■.
RAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER.FOR SALE;
also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er \u carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland, Cat. -
RS. R. MINER HAS REOPENED THE
Elite Dressmaking Parlors at 102 Taylor St.,
where she will be pleased to receive her old cus-
tomers and friends. : . -
VI Rs.~. THOMPSON, HAIRDHESSKR AND
IU manicure; lessons given. 230 Kearny • st.,
room 14. . . ■ ■•. . " • ■.'■-. ■. . ■
CALLING HAIK, SCROFULA AND DIS- I
X eased scalps cured by Qulnonla: I sell It; best
hair- dressing In the city at my parlors for 25c;
switches equally . *oo<l. - $1. G. LEDERER, 111
>tocktoa st., store nearest Geary.
SURJS CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
«nt by mail for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco. CaL .
ADVICK DIVOKCB LAWS ASPK-
daily; private; no charge unless successful; all
law bu its, claims, collection* wills, deeds, etc., at-
lendfrd to. G.W. HOWK.att.v-at-law. 860 Market v.
IJ IG OUTDOOR STKRKOPTICON SHOW i-.VK-
-»-» ry night cor. Market and Sixth Bis. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light: promoters of busl-
m-ss. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
-ji can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc.; also
oress goods, cloaks. Jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CMIIJJ's. 218-215 Mason m ; open evening*.
T7LEOIRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ' ROOM |
J-> I \V itiehester House, 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to 91 60 per night: $1 60 to 96 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
T ADY, BTRA-NOEbTiN THE CITY, 1 EsIRES
-*-* business partner; small capital. 122 Post St..
room 2. • ;
WATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
»» t low prices; first-class work guaranteed. . Give
a trial to J. N. TAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
"MRS. DR. PORTER. CHIROPODIST AND FA-
J-'X clal artist: wrinkles removed or no charge;
purest toilet articles. 126 Kearuy st., room 47.
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, • 15 upward. Cut-rate
1 alorlng Company.l 117 Market St., bet 7th and Bi,h.
'YLISH MILLINERY AT REASONABLE
►J prices. MRS. S. THOMAS, 114 Grant aye.
~A P. SWAIN. AKTI&T: CHINA, TAPEBT V:
-£>■• oil lessons 50c 14 McAllister St., room 18.
DR. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: Dis-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
(TILOAKB, CAPKS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
V->' mauufra' cost. Factory, 20 t-antoine, upstairs.
LIBERAL ADVANUKS ON DIAMONDS JKW
*»ry. etc. : lowest raw*. 948 Market st. " ■ V..
SHTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
» dresser, removed 10 24 Geary. Popular prices.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS 1 AND LADIK3'
clothing bought.- VOL MAN. 41 Hn cor. Je«<lo.
DRESSMAKERS. . •.,-'
MRS. J. KOCH WISHES TO INFORM THE
■t' l ladies of her reopened dressmaking parlors,
1417 Mission st.: exact fit, best style and reason-
abie prices guaranteed, .
DRESSES 92 UP: WRAPPERS 3 > CENTS UP;
lawn 91 up. 5058/4 y atoma st., above Sixth.
RKSSMAKINU AND PLAIN SEWING
XJ cheap.. Address 2118 Mason st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
S~ ucckss a^isolutely" guaranteed.
Failure unknown. PROFESSOR M. L. CAR-
NELLE, the prince of clairvoyants, will give ad-
vice on business speculations, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorces; settles lovers'
quarreU, reunites the separated and causes a
happy marriage with the one of your choice: he
locates mines and bidden treasures, tells of your
friends and enemies, removes evil influences,
cures bad habits, gives advice on lawsuits and
everything relating to the future, thousands of
families long separated reunited by his efforts;
thousands of hearts made glad through his predic-
tions: send stamp for circular. 220 Eddy su
Hours from 9 to 9 daily and Sundays.
IT AN A THE GYPSY.
This remarkable woman has just arrived from
the Orient and promises marvelous developments
In unraveling the mystery of human fate: she ad-
vises you on speculation, business affairs, love,
courtship, matrimony: she reunite* tbe separated
and cau<es speedy a 'd happy marriage with the
oue of your choice; hours, 9toBp. m. 8 Turk st.
WITCHES WERE BURNED, BUT HUE.
" Stewert still astonishes the city by producing
exact likeness of your future husband or wife; the
greatest trance clairvoyant and card-reader on the
coast; teat her powers ere she nails for Europe: she
i guarantees to bring back lost love; makes peace
and happiness in the home. R. 3 and 4.917 Market.
ME. TRUE. CELEBRATED GYPSY, UN-
precedented success in New York City, great-
est card reader on the coast, gives infallible love-
charms to all: hours 10 10 8. Rooms 44-45, 90S
Stockton st. ; elevator.
MM K. POUTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY
ant. card- reader, born with a douole vellanu
second sight; ladles 60c, gents 1; palmistry and
clairvoyant witting 91 50. 126 'lurk st., nr. Jones. I
MMX. AUKI/r, BlSSl' fUHi'UNK TKLUfc.lt IV
tbe world: 50c and 1, shows you the Die tin-* it
your iuture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
KTURNEI), WOKLD-HKNOWNKD M M t..
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells pate, 1
sent and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
ME. REN M. 11. GREAT LIFE AND PLAN-
-»l ci reader; 25 ana 50 cents. 1214 Larkln, near
Bush si.
MX. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
business advice -.names yen ;'J5c up. 5 Fonrth. ;
GYPSY LIFE-READER: LADIES 25c;
gents 50c: all questions answered. 6 Seventh.
MMX. MOP.EAU, BKBT MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. LEGKITE: PRKBKNT. PAST AND
future: 26c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post: fee 91 ; letter $2.
MX. SYBILLK Tf.LLS FROM CRADLK TO
ih grave: fee 26 ceti-i. Pl 4 O'Fatr»ll in.
I SPIRITUALISM. ~~
"^ VERITABLE QUEEI? AMONG WOMEN 18
MRS. DR. A. D." HOWE.
FEE 91 A UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LICK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? if so
read this and learn that lite is yet worth living! i
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this const In the ten years past. Is
again at her old office*. 1320 Market etreet, Han
Francisco, and is now us ready as ever 10 assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. ; Your whole lire revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: toe
separated ere united; the sick made strong; the
poor come rich if yon think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 Imitate her as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS, shedoes
not know what failure mea is! Her "Revealed
Medicines" , (registered and copyrighted) cure
every disease that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how lonic standing. Write if you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall Is always most suc-
cessful and satisfac ory. All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair.
FEE $1.& UPWARD! FEE 91 A UPWARD'
MRS. DX. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st., opp. Seventh,
_ ' San Francisco. ■
MRS. DR. W. MIRANDAS,
The world-renowned spiritual medium, still
continues to bold the - public's ■at ten ton by her
wonderful work. Thousands have been united,
married, made well and enjoyed riches by follow-
ing her advice. Your life described from cradle to
the grave. Her revealed medicines work miracles
with the sick and affilc.ed; letters with stamp
answered: -diagnosis trorn lock of hair: hours 10
to 8: closed Fridays; sittings $1. 1206 Market st.
r>isHop garrison. 1370 MARKET;
■»-* cos Tuesday, Friday even's.. 25c : 10 to 4 dully.
MRS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCK AND Busi- i
ness medium; sittings dally; 91. l»6OaksU !
ENRY CRINDLE, MATERIALIZING SE-
ance this evening: 60c. 1027 Market st.
rpKST CIRCLE T« -NIGHT; 10c. MME.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister st.: sittings dally.
pLAIRVOYANT: LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
\J 41 Minna si ; besom^u . <.
ASTROLOGY. — —
M"HMwc^nrABTß6xr^ ; 2ri^^
vital remedies remove all Chronic troubles and i
restore to per fee newt h 311 Hyde 10 to 3.
:♦'-•• I>Jb>XISTS. '-■•.-■ - • -
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
VJ ketst.. bet. Third and Fourth: gas specialists-
only reliable agent for paiulets extraction; artifi-
cial teeth from $5; fillings from 1; extracting 50
cents, with gus 91. ■ . -
,R. GhORGK- W. LEEK, TriK GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work' or teeth
without any plate, moved from 610 20 O'Farrell st.
]7<IR«T-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
. prices; 'first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of • teeth. . W. c. lI AR-
DINC-. CM.. M.D., 500 Sutler «t.. corner Powell. *
1 jR. DUCKET 1, I'iO.i i-u.vr.Vl.. AKAR HU~
• ' cnanan; gas given: crown anil bridge work. ■ '
R.X* 1. 1 EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
crown work, bridge work . and ' teeth withoai
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ava. -■
<E«7 A'KUT.'FOR TKKTH: WaRHANTKD AS
J 33 • 60Od as can be made: filling 91. Dr. SIMiUJ.
centlHu 980 Market at., next Baldwin Theater." .
1 \R., LLDLUM HILL, 1448 MAHKKT BT.
XJ near Eleventh; no charge for extracting whei
plates -are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
VULL a. y* •it.i.t,,, 97"; UAKk'aNTKO
J live years. Ml. V.( AV.qsKY.ai Mxih »•
lAINLE.SS " KXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
bridge work a r specially, plates, 95 up; 13 rear.
experience.- R. L. WALaH. D.D.M.. 81534 Geary.
d OLTUN DtNTAL . ASSOCIATION. «06~Ma1T
VJ ket tit. ' DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1208 MARKET. COB. GOLDEN
Gau* Eve.— Open evening; sunJuv, till noon. >
pHEAPEST AND BESTIN AMERICA-THE,
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any. address in the
United .states or Canada one year for 9. 1 50, postr'
age tree. . • " ■ ■ ..'..r":
•■■ ! EDUCATIONAL. . ; •■'.
. TmSD siiEilL'SooLLKo E,723 MARKET
■ i\. ■su - • Tbe • very - best Individual r Instruction ; ■
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, 1 Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free. > - •■'.
RES'. THE LEADINU 311OKTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: ' Ufa
scholarship 950: low rates per week and month.
I ELASCO 1 .-' LYCKUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I 1 Private theatrWals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. O. O. F. block, 7th and Mkt
CHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL, MIKING, ME.
_ chaulcal engineering, surveyinsr, arcliif'cture-
as>ay;«stab. '84. VAN NAILiiEW, 723 M tct ,
LOCUIION. DKAMA. DKLBARTE. PHTSt-
Tj cai culture, voice ". culture; Appearances ' " ar-
ranged. 299 Hyde st. : call after Ip. m. '
/> UITAK MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCA I,
VJ lessons: $3 ma MA X V WKSTH A US. 39 Fifth,
B OWEN'S ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley; special classes tor the universities.
TV t USICIAN FROM LONDON HIVES LESSONS
1*1" In singing: 84 a month. 854 Mission st. .
T)ROFESSOR O. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
I violin." guitar, mandolin, : 1 ar.jo. 1707 Mar et.
TV" IGHT -CIIIJOLrHEALD'S BUs.CoI,LKGE;24
li Post:conimerclal. shorthand, English: low rales
OOKKPNG, WRITNG. ABITHMTC. GR A m"r
X) dayAnljht:nocla^Beg: 95 month. 845 Mission
JOSKPH tiRKVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
Ninth st. ..-■..,•..- .-■:■„■?■ . ■.' -■ :■-
A WEEK'S NEWS TOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. »
v; : . PROPOSALS. ~~~ ~
PROPOSALS TO LIGHT THE PUBLIC
X — Clerk's ofßce, Board of Supervisors,
San Francisco, July 6. 1896.
In accordance with Resolution No. 14,459 (third
series) 'of the Board of . Supervisors, 'SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received In open session of
the board on MONDAY AFTERNOON, July 13,
I*9o, from 2:30 to 8 o'clock, to light with gas all
tbe putlic streets of this city and county for a
period of two years, on and from August 1. 1896,
in accordance with the follow! • specifications: -
Gas— The gai to be furnished to be of a standard
quality and Illuminating power of not le»s than
seventeen candles, said illuminative power to be
determined by tests made by the Gas Inspector in
his office, who shall use for said tests such burners
as will obtain from the gas the greatest amount of
light, and practicable for use by the consumer,
and consuming at the rate of fl>e cubic feet of gas
per hour.
Lampposts and Lamps— The lampposts to 'be
used to be of tbe came material ana 1101 to be less
in height than tbe lampposts now in use. and to be
erected and lighted at such locations as may be
designated b the board. :
. The number of- lampposts to be erected and
maintained during the continuance of ihe contract
to be not less than &100, with the understanding
that the number may be increased from time to
time under the direction of the board, but not to
exceed 6800 In a.l. The lamppost* to be erected
and maintained at "r contiguous to the present lo-
cations of street lumps erected throughout the city
and county, and at such locations as may be desig-
nated by the board, the board to have tbe rl;ht to
change "the location of the same from time to lime
upon payment of the actual cost of labor and mate-
rial in making said changes or removals. When
lamps are ordered 10 be erected in certain sections
of the city where no mains are laid then the mains
snail be extended or arrangements made by wnlch
the lighting of said sectious Of the city shall
effected, but in 110 event shall more lights -be
erected than can be paid for out of the lund pro-
vided for street lighting during the fiscal year. * -
Lamps— The lamps to be similar to. those now in
use, or men as may be approved hy the board, and
the burner to be used In the lamps In lighting the
public streets to consist of a single burner of the
same size now used in the. main thoroughfares.
The burners of the various lamps to average a
consumption of not less, than five cubic feet per
hour. _-iiTBES«^*JSS*i " . " ■
The lampposts, lamps, service pipes, mains and
all appurtenances incidental and necessary to com-
plete and equip the lamps ready for lighting to be
furnished by the successful bidders, who shall
erect, maintain and keep the same in proper con-
dition and repair.
Lighting lamps— last lamp upon each lamp-
lighter's beat to be lighted one hour after sunset
and to be ex-.ingu shed h-lf an. hour before sun-
rise; provided, that during the months of Novem-
ber to r-vbruary, inclusive, In each year, no I : mps
shall be lighted during tbe night of full moon and
the night preceding and tbe night following: also
j that during tbe months of March to October, in-
clusive, in each i ear, no lamps shall be lign led dur-
ing the night of full moon, two nights preceding
and the nignt following.
Cleaning and repairing lamps — All tbe lamps to
be kept In proper condition and cleaned at leas',
twice in each week, and at each of said cleanings
all the class shall be thoroughly cleaned, both on
the Inside and outside of the lamp, and all the dust
I and dirt shall be brushed from the irarnes. The
I lamps are to be repaired and reflated within
i twpntv-four hours after any portion ot the same Is
; broken. ,
street s gns— The names of streets, places and
alleys to br painted on the gas lamps throughout
the city and county at street crossings, main and
i sub I lvision street intersections, ana at the inter-
I sections of places and alleys with the main streets;
at main-street ciosnlngs two names on each lamp,
at intersections «i main streets not less than two
, names on each lamp, at Intersection subdivision
\ streets, places or alleys not less than two named
, on - each ; lamp. . -~- The m letter, - color, .* style
I and location of . he names - on -• the lamps
j to be approved or designated by the Board
lof visors. The names ot street, etc.,
j on each lamp co be kept clean and in position
! so as to be plainly visible, and within twenty-four
1 hours In case of breakage to be repaired and the
name or names repainted thereon, and in no event
are the limp* to be turned so as to mlsplaco the
names of the streets as Indicated on each lamp. '
Bidders will estimate and bid a price per lamp
per night, for which they ■ will furnish, erect, . re-
pair and keep In good repair and condition all
lampposts, lamps, servlc s, street sign* and ap-
purtenances, furnish gas and light the lamps on
all the streets, p aces and alleys accord! to tbe
ioregolng specifications.
General Notice— Bidders will estimate with the
understanding that no compensation shall be al-
lowed for any lamp or lamps except such as shall
be lighted during the whole time provided In the
; foregoing specifications under which a contract
j may be awarded; also, that within three days
I prior to the expiration** each month the Gas In-
j spector shall mrnlHh the parties to whom the con-
tract is awarded the time during . which the lamps
shall be lighted and extinguished each and every
night and morning of the succeeding Dion h. All
bills of the successful bidders upon the execution
of a contract and a performance in compliance
therewith shall be presented and paid monthly at
tbe end of each calendar month.
No bids will be received from parties enraged In
the manufacture or supply of gas until said par-
ties nave connection with the apparatus in the
office of the Gas Inspector. New city Hall build-
ing, and have had the Illuminating power of said
gas tested. ', ; .
Bidders will be required to deposit with the clerk
j .of the Board of Supervisors a certified check,
. drawn to the order of the clerk, to be approved by
said clerk, upon some bank in the City «nd County
of San Francisco, In the -turn of 9 o,o*o gold coin,
conditioned ii the proposal is accepted and the
contract awarded: and If the bidder shall fail or
; neglect to execute a written contract therefor and
give a good and sufficient bond, with two sureties."
in the sum of 35,000, for the proper fulfillment, of
said Contract, within ten days after the award Is
made, then and In that ca*e tbe said sum shall be:
paid into the City and County treasury by said
clerk, as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect.
■"■ It is also to be distinctly understood that the
board reserves the, right to reject all bids If the
public good so requires. . . .. ■ . . ; '
Also, that the party or parties to whom a con-
tract is awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution ot the contract, to pay the
cost of advertising this notice in three dally
newspapers. • 1 .. ..:-.• ' ■ :- ■ .- •;
Blank proposals furnished by the clerk.
___^ ■ JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS FOR WHITENING AND TINT-
X ing school houses— Sealed proposals will here-'
ceived by the Superintendent of Common Schools
In open session of the Board of Education, New
City Hall, Ban Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, July
23, 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. M.. Tor whl enln* and
tinting the classrooms and halls of the fol owing-
named school buildings in the city and county of
Kan Francisco: ■ Broadway, Buena Vista, ■ Cleve-
land, Clement, Cooper, Columbia, Crocker, Den-'
man, -Edison,'- Emerson, ""Everett,- Falrmount.
Franklin, Fremont, Oarfleld, Girls' High, Golden
Gate,- Halght, Hamilton, Hawthorne, Hearst,
Henry Durant, Horace , Mann, Huruboldt, Irving,
John . Nweit, Jefferson, Lafayette, Le Conte, - La-
mina Honda, • Lincoln, Longfellow, Lowell Hi<ii,
Madison. Marshall, Mission, Monroe, Moulder,
Ocean House," Pacific Avenue, ; Pacific Heights,
Peiibody, Polytechnic. Redding, Richmond, Hln-
con, ' Sherman, South., Cosmopolitan, . Sheridan,
South San Francisco, Sprlnsr Valley, Stanford,
Starr King, Satro, Washington," Webster. West
End, Whitiler 1 and V* infield • Scott schools: ' all
work to be done In accordance «l h specifications
on file at the storeroom of the school Department,"
corner Pine an 1 Larkln sts. Each bidder will be
1 required to submit a separate estimate on each of
the above-named buildings. - The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. » M* ininMjiyl 1 11 | iiH*garftßW^<y«o>a
■-"■"• ' GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR A STONE BULKHEAD—
X sealed proposals will be received by the Super-
intendent of Common . Schools in open session of
the Board of Education,. new City Hall, San Fran-
cisco, yon Wednesday, Ju!" 22, 1896, at 8:30
o'clock p. if., for constructing a stone bulkhead at
the Lafayette Primary School, 111 the City and
i Coui.tv of San Francisco, in accordance with the
1 specifications (and "the conditions .mentioned
1 therein) at the office of Charles I. Havens, archi-
tect of. the board, room 5.", Flood building, corner
Fourth and Market. stree s. . The board - reserves
the rlicht to reject any or all bids as the public
good may require. ."- - '.- ■ .
. Or O ROE BEANSTON. Secretary.
A WEEK'S NEWS • FOR 6 • CENTS — THM
■a- WEEKLY CALL. In wraoper. for matlln*. ■ —
; : ASSESSMENT,. NOTICES. "
TiThth" INSTA JL.LMEST ASH ] ■>> M l : \ 1
notice. — The -un ; Francisco ■ and ■; San Joaquln
Valley Railway Company. Location of principal
place of business city and county of *?an Fran-
-1 Cisco, State 01 California. - ,:•-;•. .-
Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of the
! board of directors, held on the 9th ■ da r. of June,
I 1890. an assessment of ten dollars (910) per share
I was lev. cd upon the capital stock of lhn corpora-
tion, payable. ii. medially to the Bank of California,
treasurer of said corporation, at the office of ' said
treasurer, N W. corner of .-ansomuatid - California
streets, in the city and county of San Francisco,
.Stale 01 California. i : v. " . .-..>•. •- ; t. > y '•. ■ \ -,-,;.
-Any stock upon which this assessment shall re-
main unpaid on the eleventh - filth) day of July,'
1896. will be delinquent and advents d tor sale at
public auction, anil, unless payment is made be-
fore will be sold on the thirtieth (30. h) r day of
July, 1898,* to pay the delinquent assessment,
together with costs of advertising and expenses of
sale. ByorUero the board of directors. .: .
■pawf- ALEXANDER MACK IK, Secretary.
321 Market st.; city and county of San Francisco,
ttate of California. •= • ~ — . -. - .»/:--.
.". ' CITY REAL* ESTATE. • . ' ;: "' ' '{' .:'
McAfEE JBttOTHKttn, ' ■ : ." ""•'•'■-:. .•■; '■ '-
real estate brokers
- and financial agents,
ips montgomery st.
. '■ ' will bell* at auction price.
©qo^a waller, near masonic aye..
«J)*j--iJV/. 25x149, extra deep: good nelciibor-
booJ: improving all the time. ~ An ' offer suiting
. the times will get the lot.
THREE FINK : FLATS • FRONTING A PARK.
©1 *> f\(\(\ THREE FLAT.S, FRONTING
«JpX«..UUU. Jefferson square, north side of
street; lot 27:9x12 1, to rear s reef. nil conven-
iences; sunny, desirable nome; rents *1068. such
a proj>erty, so well located, is rarely to be had.
■''.'•""• GOOD INCOME PROPERTY.
|1/> f\(\f\ "HOWARD-STREET BUSINESS
tip x O.Ul'vJ. property, near Fourth; 4 stories:
store and three flats: rents $1560; this part of
the city holds its own equal to any, and • this prop-
erty Is in the heart of it : lot 25x80; build. . and
! street, work all in good condition. :
r . OFFER WANTED To CLOSE K'TATF..
I/Win DE 'LONG ' A VK;, NEAK GOLDEN
I tJIUUU. Gate Park; dwelling of 8 rooms," bath:
large basement, brick foundation, etc. '
CHEAP RESIDENCE LOT.
•© 1 Qf\f\ • (I LDEN GATE AVK., NEAR
<Jp ICUU. Baker st.; 25x237:6: s reet macad-
amized and sewered; cement sidewalk; lot level
and neighborhood built up. , ' : ; '. .:.,
CHEAP WESTERN^ ADDITION 50-VARA. i
Oil 7 (\f\(\ 187:6x137:6, WITH SUBSTAN-
«J)I- I .UUU.tlal bin pi«in residence: in heart
or Western "Addition, near Flllmore st. ; suitable
and ready for elegant residence or subdivision. ;'-:
: .- ■ McAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery St.
TTO! FOR FirCHBURQ!-
TO-DAY TAKR . YOUR FAMILY AND
FRIENDS OUT ON. THE ' FITCH-
BURG, SAN LEANDUO AND
; i HAYWARDS LOCAL. .
See Southern Pacific Time-Card. ■
TH FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
- FKUI I'VAI.K IS THE PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON THE
~ PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY,
FOOT OF MARKET STREET, TO
FITCHBURG STATION IN
' FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. ■ '
Alameda, Berkeley and Frultvale trains singed
by the Fltchburg scorcher. Hay wards Electric
cars from Oakland every few minutes." ' '
<If you are tired of life and want to get off the
earth, stay where you lire. People get well. De-
come cheerful, contented and prosperous la Fltch-
burg. ' -" 1 - - •>.. --■-.-- , .■.-•-■ ■-
Fitch bun: is the moat promising suburb on the
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in me vicinity of Oakland. It is a
business center by natural location. Its railway
tines now operating," deep-water transportation for
trelßbt by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on
Oakland Harbor, and the excellent county roods
leading to it, are incontestlble proofs. It Is regu-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wide
streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with
avenue trees, cypress hedges and evergreen
groves. - . .
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
- For a home while cheap; for speculation on a ris-
ing market; for a turn be first for investment now,"
and hold on. No cit • taxes to pay: no street Im-
provements to make. Water supply from three
companies at your doors. Lots in this beautiful
town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than
can be bought for In many of the one-street tracts
off in an inaccessible bayfield. • • ••...
Lots 25 and 60 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep
to parallel street. ! Double frontage. Terms: 10 per
cent cash: deferred payments In easy Installments;
tit \t> perfect. MIIMMWWH .I' 11 1!!" 1 !
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
; THAD. S. FITCH, Fltchburg. ■ :
in - "J"" ' " '"■■'" ''" "" " , _ , .' "■""' ' i
C£97Kft MUST BE SOLD; GOLDEN GATE
i?»l O\J. aye., nr. Devlsadero st. ; 25x137:6;
coEt owner over $3000.
" BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
:..?": ".:-'\ 10 Montgomery st.
(g«^7C CASH BARGAIN: LOT 35x120; NR.
O -i * «-'• Geary st.; street work done and ready
to build on. C. F. MGuRE, Real Estate Owner,
986 Market St.. room 4. -
CI?1 Q£ COST 5325; LOT 1099. GIFT MAP 3.
fgllOO. CHAS. C. FISHi-R, s>i7 California st.
SOL G£TZ & BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor, Crocker Bnlldin;.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
. Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments are eas er than rent.
©1 C\(\ TO $250— LOTS" CAN BB BUILT ON
'?'"" at once: near Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lines: only <f> monthly payments.
••;-■••- ■■- • bOL GETZ A BROTHER.
C"7X TOf 1200— BEST LOCATED LOTS NEAP.
«4> I *J electric lines, north south of park:
beautiful view of park, ocean. Strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Aftiliat-ti ColleKej;
¥5 and $10 monthly payments. •"■"-•.-• . -'
SOL GKTZ & BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL. GETZ <t BROTHER, Owners,
. Boom A, First Fioor, Crocker Buldlng. ■
VJISSION COTTAGES.
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard-st.
cars at 24th st. and Potreoo aye. : all street work
finished: terms to suit. F. NELSON, builder,
f 2tOO— Five-room cottage.
. 1 1800— Four-room cottage.
1660— Four-room cottage. :
Cjftnfj COTTAGE 4 ROOMS; LOT 25x125;
«J)OUU. 114 Falrmount st., % block from cars
and 1V 3 blocks from . 80th St.; easy terms.
NICHOL, 6341^ California st. "
CH A P— SUNNY NEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
V and bath: lot 25x114. 1 - Apply 125 29th si. ;
If OK. SALE? It A L ESTATE BY PACIFIC
r Bank, for cash: parties sreklog investments In
City or country property, will find this a good op-
portunity for bargains. Apply at office, 630 Cal-
forma St., K. F. . .; ■
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
0 at from $150 to £275 a room: call and see
plans. JAME3 McCONAIIE Y, 1149 Mission st.
f\d nnn To LOAN. CITY, AT 8*: also
<3I3IUU.UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in rrobatp, small or large Burns.
KHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., 218-220
Montgomery at. " : - . >
CIHKAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
brooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st., nr. Htauyan, vi block G. Gate Pane.
/CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THB
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an/ address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
use free.
-I'KOi'ERTX TO tXCHA.NGE.
Q"o?r*ATrßiEsf~KE RN~~COU NTY (CLEARS
.)— DKCKKH. 1020 Market st. ■
TqTvACRK RANCH (CLEAR) .TO EX-
ttOU change. DKCKER. 1020 Market St.
"1 (\ ACRE FRUIT RANCH, 3 MILES SOUTH
J. U of Santa Rosa: rich soil, 6 or 7 acres fruit ana
vines, full bearing; house, barn, etc.: will exchange
for city property. : J., box 41, 1 all Office. p
1 OQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
I-Guikiit: fine for cattle-raisin*. N..bx.lB.CaU
MUSICAL..: INSTKCJIfc.N IS. ■-, .
'"©"l FOR A GOOD UPRIGHT; $125 FOR A
tJpJLUU large. Newhall up; $176 for fine new
pianos: call at once If you want bargains. MAI'-
VA IS, 708 Market st. ; •
: U'EHAVEA NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
,: 1 » and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon 1 exceptionally easy terms. These
instruments have ' been \ called in from agents
throughout the coast, in whose hands they have
remained for some time ! without being sold. Call
early and secure a bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
A CO., cor. Kearny aud » Suiter, sts., Stein way rep-
resentatives. ■ ' " '-- '■' •"' ';"" ■.'■"■'-•" ---.-/-
CLOSING 1 OUT A COMPLETE LINK OF
\J small ,' goods - at : prices • less •., than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer I outing at small out-
I»y; violins. 91 85: mandolin*. $3 35; guitars. 93:
antoharps, 91: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for Instruments, violin -outfits, etc. ; new
pianos for rent and sale. : J. UAKKV SCOTT, 929
Market st.. Bpreckels building. ..'
"DIANOS HALF PRICK. - ~~7~T~~ ~" ~
X ADMINISTP.ATOR'S SALE BH9S
TO CLOSE ESTATK OF CHAS S. EATON..
- : r MUST BKL .
i~ New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
■ Call and examine. 755 Market st. ,• '.'<•
■ A S ;OUlt' NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
1\- permits of our selling some pianos tor 98 per
month it is not necessary to so elsewhere for more
favorable term-? •" and > low - prices. . " SHERMAN,
CLAY A CO., Stein wav representatives.
ADY IN NEED O* CASH? WILL bACRI-
* flee her fine Standard upright for $125: a rare
chance. Km. 21, Flood builds, Fourth and Market.
AGNIFICENT NEW t UPRIGHT PIANO;
best make; will be sold for 92&0 to pay ad-
vances. 19-1 ' acrami-nto st. ■-...; -
JiIQA.BARUAIN; FINE UPRIGHT
♦IP I 00. Schmltr. IB McAllister St., next Hi-
bernla Bank. •: ."*. : ■' ■■'.' .: '.: .
WILLIAM G. BADGER, SOLE AGENT FOR
the celebrated Hallet A Davis and Frauds Ba-
con pianos,' 4o6 Sacramento st.;;;'",' . " "? •:"'• "•-"."
IJIANiIS— DO YOU WANT ONE? - FINKST
■ stock on the Pacific coast. TH& F. W. SPKN-
CI.R CO.. 933 Market at- ;: : . .
BEFORE BUYING SKK HALVE BROS.'. BUSH
X> A Gem and - Knabn pianos; "at * wholesale
prices. VA. L. Bancroft a co., 824 Post st- -
MICKKKINU, KNABK. BTKCK. VOSB, STUB-
J ling pianos; ' see our new piano .'or $167 : pianos
, jor rent. '. BENJ. CURTAZ 4 son. 16 O'Fafrelt.- .
i BTKINWAY 9175; STECK $150.- STKKL-
■ Ing 9100; La<ld 96a BRI ENN'H, 228 -Post.'
VHON M.UZV, ;<.-SOJ»i POST? ST.-SOH4IKU. ,
.Newby A Kv»m. JJriccs und other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD A NEW-
■ O XI. 11 v LLEIu maker,' repairer, 2 Latham Dlac«.
COPN'TRY BEAt ESTATE. '■ '■
SENUTo LAND^DEPARTaTkNT OF EOVEE,
TOY .6, BONNTAG. 19 Montgomery St.. l for
maps and full Information 01 McMalia'n -Estate
Colony ; Tract, near Winters; :■ unequaled in Cull-
fornia. .. .■ A . ■..:-,;.. .-,.. ' i.: ;„■ ■; t <
~\M ARIN; COTffTfY^3ooo . ACRES KB MILEB
ill from city; lo s any size; pun. drain, vegeta-
ble lami; rail or water transit; $40 10 *75 par
acre; terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
j-any, 65 Chronicle building."
LAMEIJA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
< st In tin- state; selling In traces. 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre;, adjoining lands held «• .fit
per acre: owner forced to sell; 1% hours frrn S. *',;
e«»y u-rnis; title perfect. 57 chronicle building.
"I ITTLE HoMi-.S. CLO3K TO TuW\y f.\?T
;JJ proved, easy terms; also A to 12 ncre pieces,
on 8 and JO years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City; every Monday at 632 Market s: , S. P.
END FOR OU It i-i- .' > 3 tiRuUAttD" HOAIHS
ior Ml«, W<H»*«rKH -V W'H l'l'C')\, ><i . in«..
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— gOB BROADWAY.
I OAKLAND BEAT; ESTATE.
S7C LOTS AND UPWARD-AUKSDAIiE
I *■* Tract, Kant Oakland, adjoining Fruitvale,
the acknowledged garden spot- of Oakland; grand
view and a choice site for a home: streets graded
and macadamized and the lots are in shape to build
on; a line school with 2 elect Ic. roads near by;
terms $5 to $10 <'o\vn, balance $5 monthly; con-
veyance to and from the Tract free of charge. 488
Ninth st., bet. Broadway and Washington. H. Z.
JON Ks, owner. V , • ■
& '>>'•> All WE WILL BUILD. YOU A NEW 6-
<IP — '■— O\t. room house, with all modern im-
provements, in the Grove-st. Tract. Grove and
Russell sts., for $..'250, or an 8-room house ior
92500: lots 40x123; small cash payment, balance
to suit customer. A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
ffl{t{w(\n. 2-STOrtY HOUSE OK 8 BOOMS;
tSUUOW. all modern and complete; lot 60x
112; N. side of Twenty-third St., near Telegrapn
aye.; rasy terms: street work nil done. A. H.
BLOW, 10 10 Broadway. -
©'-i7Fin 2-STORY 8-ROOM HOUs- : NEW
«3P»>4UU. and all mode*:i; Just finished; N.
side of Twenty-third St., between Grove and Tel
graph aye. : lot 40x112; easy terms: street work
done. A. H. BLOW; 1010 Broadway.
*& 97^(1 " Ni3W • 2-STORY HOUSE; ALL
'TTZi I t»U. modern: 8 rooms; lot 35x165; near
Twenty-third st. and Telegraph aye. ; easy terms;
s reet work all done. A. 11. BLOW, 1010 Broad-
ay.
C?O1 £A NEW. AND ALL. MODERN TWO
*tP«-»-l- «-»'-', story house; 8 rooms: just com-
pleted; lot 112; on Twenty-seventh st., bet.
Tele rapn and Grove: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadwa -.
<t"l )()i\ NEW MODERN COTTAGE OF 6
oT 1 -V'U. rooms and bath; high batement: lot
SSxlOO; Loxley aye.. near Clinton: easy terms.
A. H. BLOW. 1010 Broad
& 1 1 Oft HOUSE _ ROOMS: L0T. 27:6x37:
W LX\J\J. on Twenty-sixth St.. near Market;
must be sold; this is a bargain; * street work ail
done, a. H. BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
<& 97 6-ROOM COTTAGE: ALL MOD-
%3)£i I O\J. em: lot 32x105: Fourteen thsu, near
Adeline: a bargain: street work all done. A. H.
BLOW, 1010 Broadway.
BARGAIN-*lOO CASH: *10 65 PER MONTH:
house of 5 rooms and bath: force pump: small
stable; lot 50x100; 10 minutes' walk to local
train; price |900. WM. V. TODD, 1002 Broad-
way. Oakland. \ . ..-,,. •
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
AIRLAND - 1364 FRANKLIN; T~OR V ~2
years; 14-room, «unny, full furnished house;
attractive grounds: 3 minutes' walk from narrow
gauge; $60; reference: call 10 to 6 r. if.
OAKLAXD ROOMS TO LET. ~ ~"
©9P: UPPER PART PRIVATE HOUSE: 5
<jp__». elegantly furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping; line piano; location cential. 687
Eighteenth street, Oakland.
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING,
ARIPOSA — MR& liMMA H. ADAMS^
.Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en
suite or single; also,* first-class table board. 666
Eleventh St.. near Jefferson. Oakland, ( al. ;■
TOOUKTEENTH AND CASTRO— TO LET.
X with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and Pastern exposure. 1203 Canro «t. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AUMKIIA KKAL ESTATE.
QtftCASH; $80 PER MONTH; NEW 2-
«JD«Jv/ story house of 7 rooms and alcove; all
modern. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park at. . :
8-ROOM, 2-stoey- house; ALL
»Ipi.'v/\J\.7. modern and just completed: lot 50x
150: located on Beutou St., near Santa Clara aye. ;
easy terms: street work all done. A. H. BLOW.
1010 Broadway.
<B« -}(.' P.(\ NEW TWO-STORY, EIGHT-ROOM
\l £,\JO\J. bouse: just completed: all modern:
lot 80x125; easy terms; streetwork all done: this
is a bargain ; must be sold at once. A. H. BLOW,
1010 Broadway. ,
C«9nnn *- ro COTTAGE;~fSO~CABH;
C— UUU. $20 per month..
A 52300 6-room cottage; $300 cash; $25 per
month, . :
$1*750— 5-room cottage: $250 cash; $25 per
month.
$3000— 6-room house; $200 cash: $25 per month.
$40 J0— 7- room house; $800 cash; $25 per month.
All modern houses on improved streets and con-
venient' to trains; have also a few magnificent
hcusf-s at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD <& CO..
■■ 1364 Park St., A lamed a.
<Jtf<nrin beaututol new modern
fJpUVIUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,
one clock west of Park si. ; it will sorely please
you; investigate: terms to suit. U. U. M. GKaV,
463 Ninth si.. Onkland.
'iitliKtLtl UjbiAL tsXATK.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and bnlldlng. 2123 Center st., Berkeley, v;. ' ■
JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL estate and
m insurance ngent, Berkeley aiatn. adjoining bank.
BERKELEY BOOMS AND BOARDING.
A FEW STUDENTS CAN SECURE ROOMS^
with board, in private family near university;
new house; modern: furnace, eta; terms moder-
ate: by applying. immediately at 2329 Bancroft
way, near Chapel st. ■■»■.-■ -
MO.NKV TO LOAN.
ANY AMOUNT ON BONDSS~DIAMONT)si
watches, jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks
and instruments; interest low; private entrance:
private rooms; - discreet attendants, at UNCLE
HARRIS', 16 Grant aye.
A DVANCES :ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
J\- Jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings.
ONEY LYING IDLE: TAKE AT $6 INTER-
i eat per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2, Call.
\| ONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY, AND
ill other valuables at the Pecorlty Loan Offlca
1108Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TuriE.
IVRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
\J no removal; no delays: no commissions: low
Interest. - Km. 68, Donohue bide. 1170 Market st.
" \ NY AMOUNT: IST. ii> or 81) MORTGAGES:
xi. estates, undivided Interests, real estate la dcq>
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Monteomery, room 3.
IST 21» MUKIXiAuK.>i INTERESTS IN KS-
tates;lowest raies:no deIar.MURPHY,62BMrku
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELHY, KfO
s\ Colombia Lonn A- <'olliiter>l Dtliro 0 'ir*tr nra.
PAWNBROKERS. •
~X^r~I29~KEAItNTf BT.. K6om" 9— MONK"?"
xi. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pn* :
! vato rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 1 cheap.
1.1 <■ \l. notlcks. '
"puk^s^a^t^to^X^klcree^
X sure and sale, made in the Circuit Court of the
First Circuit of the republic of Hawaii May 12,
1896, notice Is hereby given that the property
hereunder described will be sold at public auction
the Courthouse (AlilOlani Hale) In Honolulu,
island of Oahu, H. *- on Wednesday, August 26,
1896, at 12 o'clock noon. . P. c. JONEs, •
» - .:-■-■;■-;•■ Receiver of Lanat Ranch.
This property is known a* the Lan»i Ranch, lo-
cated on the Island. of Lanal, com) rising 11,500
acres more or less In fee simple, and leases of 48,-
-640 acres more or less of Government lands, the
most valuable or which do not expire until 1916;
the annual rentals are about $1800. ■
I This estate is well fitted for a sheep ranch, hav-
ing ample houses tor all purposes, all • In good re-
pair, with < Ist ems. .-. wooished - and » Dress, and a
Uo3k of 24,000 sheep, 550 head of cattle and 200
horses by actual count. :< ■-■■:••■ ■.-..■
'1 be lan is are capable of carrying 100.000 sheep
and: 10,000 head of cattle. As a sheep run It Is
the most v .lual>:e on the islands. Tlje lauds now
owned and controlled ' by present owners virtually
control the entire is and of liana!." 1 - - •■■ • -■•■ ■ ■•- :
There. are rich grasses suitable - for breeding and
fattening of stock, and are entirely free from lan-
tana; there are no mongoose or wild dogs on the
Island. .
-'Steam communication between Lanai and Hon-
olulu every week. ■ .
- A map showinsc all the lands con rolled i by the
estate and a de. ailed schedule- of the property to
oe sold can be seen and further-particulars can be
had at the office of . Messrs. Welch <£ Co., 220 Cali-
fornia St.. San Francisco.
Terms of. sale will De cash in United States gold
coin. -
..Honolulu, May 15, 1896. - fHrrJTM'n(|lffilMl
... - '.-•-. -■ ■ ... . P. C. JONES. Receiver.
INSTATE OF MARGARET BAKKSON (FUR-
-i nierly < mnbenand), eased. ..^ 1 «*nt')«r;,Hf
To JOSEPH It. BANKSON, -late 0f ,1147 Rn-
* doli^h's place: - ■ <» » I*. ""l'fl mf l|iP,TimcT7l^WP'lr~'Py
■ Take notice that the final account of the Admin-
istratrix. of above estate will be audited, settled
and adjusted by the Orphans' Court on SATUR-
DAY, August 1, 1896, at 10 o'clock a. m.. in •> our
No. 2, east corridor, fourth I floor >;ity Hall, Phila-
delphia, Pa. -.5 and same will be confirmed unless
exceptions +ro filed thereta 'lfwunwu^iniimMlil
.KATE CUMBERLAND,' Administratrix.- -
'701-6 wrexel Building, rbihiueli h!a, Pa. ; •
mm— BARIUMS— OEAiHSL
; I Birth. marnw;»anl death no'.lcei sent bT mill
wilt not .be Inserted. They must be handed In a".
either of the publication otfices - and be indorsal
with tIM name and residence Of peraous authorUdi
.10 liuve the aauits published.] _ : ; '
BORN. ■"
HESLF.P.-In this city, July 1, 1893, the wife Of
T. J. Hester, a son.
jENxF.N-In this city, July 4, 1896, to the wife of
I s*. Jensen, a daughter.
KELi.Y— Io his city, June 29,1^98, to the wife of
■ Henry Kelly, a son. *?^^
MCDONALD— In this city, July 5. 1898, to the
wife of James McDonald, a son." .
SAMSEL-In Oakland. July 5, 1896. to the wife of
I-ouls Samstl, a daugn >■>. ..
MABHIiTa.
PILKINGTON— GALLA'SHER-ln this city, July
1. 1896, at ht. Patrick's" Church, Thomas PUk-
lngton and Lizzie Gallagher. .
SCHOEN-.il NN INGS — In Oakland, June 15,
1896. William' F. >choen and Lillian Jennings,
both of San Francisco.
THOMAS-SHAFFER- In th's city. July 4, 1896,
QpQrte W. Thomas and Cora Shaffer.
I>1KI).
Breslln. Margaret . McAllister, James
Brogan, .Sadie McCarthy, Frances
eas- y. Jeremian Mahonev, Leslie
Cooper, E. Mason Monsrelaz, Charles J.
I>e;ivir. Francis A. Perazzo, Lnlgl
* ahy. PatrlcK H. Peters. Caroline
Flamlers. Hoble C. PrenderzHst. T. E.
Graber, Annie . Ryan. Mary Ellen
t.ratter. Albert . Scott. Jane
Hinckley. Mrs. E. M. Smith. Mary
Kenny, Edward P. Sullivan. Thomai
>eyes, Mary . Westdahl, L. P.
Wortsmith. Hannah
BRESLIN-In this city, July 8, 1896. Margaret,
beloved wife of the late Daniel Breslln, and
mother of Daniel. Andrew F.. John J. and
Charles H. Breslln, Mrs. John Fleming and Mrs.
J. Boss, andsl'ierof Charles and Rosie Porter
and Mrs. M. Mo Bride, a native of Boston. Mass .
aged 63 years and •■ 10 mouths. [Boston (Mass.)
papers please copy.J
*** Friends awl acqnnimanciM nr™ niowt-
fnily invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8::;0 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence, 35 Morris avenue, off Harrisou street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for he repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Ciosj
Cemetery.
BROGAN (nee Stevens)— ln this city. July 8, 1896,
Sidle, dearly beloved wife of George Brogan,
daughter of James and Sarah F.Stevens, and
sister of Mm. James Brogan. Joseph C. May,
Kittle and Lou Stevens, a native of San Fran-
cisco, a«ed '20 years.
CASEY-In Oakland, Jnly 8. 1886. Jeremiah, be-
loved husband of the late Julia Casev. father of
Annie and Thomas Casey and Mrs Joseph Ille-
gins. a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 64
years. .
COOPER— In Oakland, Cai., July 7, 1896, E. Mason
Cooper, manager of Wells, Fargo <£ Co., a native
of New York, aged 64 years.
j(Sß"Sorvi<-es at his late residence, 933 Adeline
street, OaklanJ, THIS DAY (Thursday), at 2:30
• o'clock p. m. Interment Washington, D. C.
Please omit flowers.
DEVVIR— In this city. July 8, 1896. Francis A.,
youngest son of William and Catherine Denvir.
a native of San *raucUco, aged 17 years and 4
. days.
■ A3* Notice of funeral hereafter.
FAHY— In the City una County Hospital, July
8. 1896, Patrick H. Fahy, aged 53 years.
FLANDF.RK- In this city, July 8, 1896, Roble
Collier Flanders, dearly beloved son of Nathan
. and Louise Flanders, loving brother of Eugene,
Albert and Walter Flanders, and brother-
of Mrs. A. C. Flanders, a native of San Fran-
cisco, asred 29 years and 1 month. .'■•..' • ;
J43~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 2 o'ciock p. v.. from his late resi-
dence, 1310 Jackson street, between Leaven-
worth and Hyde. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery. . ..'....
GRABER— In the City and County Hospital. July
8, 1896, Annie Graber, aged 38 years.
GRUTTER-ln this city, July 5. 1896, Albert
Grutter. a native of Switzerland, aged 52 years.
HINCKLEY— In this City July 8, 1896, Mrs.
Emily M. Hinckley, widow of the late Charles E.
Hinctley and mother of Charles K. Hincklay,
Walter B. T. Hinckley and Herbert M. Hinck.
ley. a native of Maine, aged 59 years.
KKNNY-ln this city, July 8, 1896, Edward P.,
'beloved son of P. H. Kenny, and brother of John
C. Kenny and Katie E. Matthews, a native of
H»r - ford. Conn., uged 33 year*.
**" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at par-
lors of Carew & English, 19 Van Ness avenue.
KEYKs— in this city, July 8, 1896, Mary, dearly
beloved wife of -Frank Keyes, daughter o"f
Hannah and the late John J. Harrington, and
sister of Mrs. James Slovens, Mrs.. Samuel
, Keeney, ' Eleanor, Jos ph. William. George and
the late Frank P. Harrington, a native of San
Francisco.
MCALLISTER— In this city, July 7. 1*«9B, James
McAllister, a native of New Orleans, aged 48
years. . >
Friends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday); at 11 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter A Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. "
MCCARTHY— In this city July 8, 1896. France*,
beloved daughter of Thomas and Gussie Mc-
Car: hy, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
and 23 days.
Friends and acquaintances am reina-r.
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 1810 , Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAHONEY— Ia Concord. Contra Costa County,
July 7. 1896, Leslie, beloved son of Batt and
Hannah Mahoney, and brother of Mary, Nora,
Josie and Johnny Mahoney. and nephew of John
and Patrick Morgan, aged ' 7 years 2 months and
14 days. • . ■ .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday) at 11 o'clock a. H. >
MONGKLAZ— In Oakland. July 1896, Charl*s
Joseph, beloved husband or Mrs. Josephine lion-
gelaz. a native of Savoy, France, aged 72 years.
Friends and acauaintances are r»<r>ic-.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORftOW
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. x... from the 'par-
lors of Leitch & Carrlcan. corner Eighth street
and Broadway, thence to Loring - Hail, 531
Eleventh street. Interment G. A. it. plat,
Mountain View Cemetery.
PERAZZO (ne Pans)— ln this city, July 7, 1R»8,
Luigl, dearly beloved husband of Maggie Peraz-
zo, and father of George and May Perazzo. Mrs.
Christine Grondona and Mrs. Cora Grondona of
Sacramento, a native of Italy, aged 59 years and
«5 days. ' . . - <
O7*Friend3 ■ and acquaintances are resD«ce-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p.m.. from Garibaldi Hall,
423 Broadway. At 10 a. m. at Sts. Peter and
Paul's Italian Church, corner Filbert and Dupoat
streets, there will be celebrated a mass for the
repose of his soul. ,
PETERS— In this city. July 8, 1896. Caroline, be-
loved wife of Harry D. Peters, and mother of
Amanda and John Nicholas Postag, a native of
Hamburg, Germany, aged 71 years 3 months and
29 days. . , .•-,.-.
«3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Thursday), at 9 :80 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 1020 Guerrero street, between Twen
ty-second and Twenty-third. : Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via San Mateo electric funeral-
car. Please omit flowers. ' . ; . •,
PRENDERGAST-In this city. July 3, 1896.
Timothy E., infant son of James M. and Kate I.
Prendergast, a native of San Francisco, aged 5
- months and 10 days. ■ .
RYAN — in East Oakland, July .7, 1898, Mary
Ellen, dearly , beloved wife of J. C. Ryan, and
daughter of James and Mary Lamb, and sister of
Mrs. E. J. K03n!;», Mrs. W. D. Leahny, Mrs. W.
E. Cook, J. Edward, William H., Charles. Joseph
and Teresa Lamb, a native of East Oakland,
aged 29 years and 11 months. [Limerick, Maine
and Seattle (Wash.) papers please copy.j -
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
folly invited to attend the funeral THIS. DAY
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock a. k., from the
family residence, 1208 Seventeenth avenue,
thence to St. Anthony's Church, where a solemn
requiem high mass will b3 celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock
a.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery via
the 1 o'clock boat, arriving In can Francisco at
1:40 o'clock p. m. -..
SCOTT— In this city, July 8, 1896, Jane Scott,
beloved mother of Mrs. William Willis, a native
of New York City. LNew York papers please
copy.]
AST Friends are rupeetfully Invited to ■ attend
the funeral services SATURDAY, July. 11. at
at 2 o'clock p. V.. at the residence of her daugh-
ter, I*4o California street- Interment private.
Friends will kindly omit flowers. - -■ •
SMITH— In this city. July 8, 1898. at her resi-
dence, 1141 Polk street. Mary, widow of the late
Charles F. Smith, and beloved mother of Kittle
E. Smith, and aunt of Mrs.: Julia GuiUemarde,
. a native of Ireland, aged 58 years.
A "; Nonce of funeral hereafter
SULLIVAN— In this city, July 8. 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Johanna Sullivan and father
of Annie Sullivan, a native of the parish of
• Durrus, County Cork, Ireland, axed 59 years. * " .
, - . Jt9*Friendi and .acquaintances- ara re«p4c'«
fully invited »o attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late resi-
'; dence," 1814V2 -Natoma. street: thence to St.
Charles Churcn, Eighteenth and °hotweli streets,
(there a requiem high mass will -be celebrated
for the repose of bis soul, commencing at' 9
0 clock' A. 'm. Interment Holy cross Cemetery.
WESTDAHL-In soy. Sweden. June 15. 1» : 96.
L. P. Westdahl. father of Bin. J. G. Belfrage of
* Han Francisco an Ferdinand eatdahl of Oak-
s land. aied 87 years. -
WORTSMITH— In this city, July 8 3816. Han-
■ nah, beloved wife of the late Jon B. Wortsmith
and mother of Joseph ■ Wortsmith and Mrs.
' 1 h tries ' Monet, ' a native of County Kerry, Ire-
lan -1. aged 54 years, 8 mouths. . . . . ■.-•■,■
■. flsB~i-'rlen?n an! *r-qiiatn"ann«M ar« r«inw..
' fo"y Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
''. (Friday), at. 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, 19 Vi Glover street, between Jones and
- Lea venworth, Broadway and . Vullejo, thence to
1 Ht. Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
' mass will be celebrate I' for the repose of her
' soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment,
. -Calvary Cemeery. -"■■■■- >
I NIcAVOY St GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DLRECTORS &EMBALMKES,
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
*; V.c;"^ Telephone 3080. ''■'.
IJAS7MCMF.NOIIEYT""""™ 1 ' ™ CHA.S.'MC.MENOMEY"
'JAMES BIoMESOJIEI « SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND 1 EMBALMJ^RS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh. ■
••?.' Telephone No. 3354. "--v-^-r '
1516
PENCIL DEEDS
AND WILL GENUINE,
James G. Fair in Person Ac
knowledged Them— So
Says Notary Public
Cooney.
THE EVIDENCE OF THE
OPPONENTS.
Richard Dey, Governor Budd,
Charles Fair, George Knight
and R. H. Lloyd Declare
Them Genuine.
MBS. NETTIE B, CRAVEN IS
STILL ILL.
Hearing in the Celebrated Case in Which
Millions Are Involved to Be Re
sumed Before Jndge Slack
This Morning.
James J. Cooney, the one-time notary
public who took the acknowledgment of
James G. Fair to the deeds of two pieces
of property "in favor of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven, was yesterday served with a sub
pena calling him into court that he may
tell all about it.
The matter is to be heard before Judge
Slack at 11 o'clock this morning.
Mrs. Craven will not be in court as she
is very ill and under the constant attend
ance of physicians who forbid her leaving
her bed. One of these will be present to
make a statement to the court. If George
Knight still insists on adjourning rather
than breaking in upon the testimony of
Mrs. Craven by some other witness therr.
the other side," which comes forward in the
same matter with an independent pro
ceeding, will take the stage so that there
will not likely be a postponement.
There are, however, several other wit
nesses who have been summoned in the
same matter and who are enjoying very
good healtn and could occupy the time
quite profitably, no doubt, if they are per
mitted to do so. There is, for instance,
George R. Williams, who knows much
about Mrs. Craven' 4 * affairs, having been
her attornr y. There is also Mr. Roberts,
who has a lot of information about teie
u'rams that passed between himself atad
Mrs. Craven in cipher.
Then, on the other hand, there is Rich
ard V. Dey. who has a contract in writing
entered into by the heirs under the will
by which they bind themselves to pay to
Mrs. Craven $500,000 if she will forfeitber !
claims to all the property deeded to her by
Mr. Fair. It would be an interesting
story that he might tell.
Then there is James J. Cooney. as re
ferred to, who might tell about the taking
of the acknowledgment before him — how j
it was made by Mr. Pair in person.
Mr. Cooney does not hesitate to say so 1
to questions out of court and to say that j
be will be willing to tell all about "it in
court. He declares that he remembers
the circumstances of the taking of the
acknowledgemnt very well. It was all
a very ordinary and commonplace matter
and had not the slightest tincture of any
thing irregular or even unusual about it,
he says.
"James G. Fair in his own person
brought the deeds to me that I might cer
tify to the signatures," said Mr. Cooney
yesterday. "I knew Mr. Fair personally
and there could be no shadow of doubt
about it — Mr. Fair made the acknowledg
ment to me in person
"My office was in tne Lick House block,
and it was most nat nra l, because conven
ient, that Mr. Fair fl houid come to me. I
made no note of the transaction other
than the usual entry, as in other cases. I
was only interested in the signatures, and
these, upon the presentation of Mr. Fair,
I certified to as genuine. I made no note, j
that I remember, as to whether the deeds j
were in ink or in pencil, as it did not affect i
their legality in any way."
The testimony of the attorneys for '
Charles L. Fair, who have been summoned I
by the attorneys for Mrs. Craven, will be |
most interesting in view of their previous
utterances on the subject of the pencil j
will. It will not De forgotten that those |
who are now in opposition to the pencil
will were the parties who first brought it
forward and swore to its genuineness.
On the 18th day of March, 1895, the three
children of James G. Fair hied a petition
for the probate of the pencil will dated
September 24, 1894, alleging that the docu- j
ment was wholly in the handwriting of j
their father. In their petition they said: '
That said deceased left a last will and testa- I
ment, made, executed and dated on the 24th !
day of September, 1894, which was entirely j
written, dated and sigued by the hand of the !
fcald James G. Fair himself, and which will has
lately come into the possession of your pe
titioners, and they now deliver it to this hon
orable court, which haa jurisdiction over the
estate of said deceased.
Their prayer to this petition was as fol
lows:
Therefore your petitioners pray that said
will may bt admitted to probate as the last
will and testament of said James G. Fair.
The petition was sicned iv person by
the children of James G. Fair and their
many attorneys, as follows:
C. L. Fair, Theresa Alice Oelrlchs, VirKinia
Fair, Knight <fe Heggerty, attorneys for C. L.
-Fair; Lloyd «fc Woods, attorneys for T. A. Oel
richs and Virginia Fair; Garber, Boalt &
Bishop and Wilson & Wilson of counsel for C.
L. Fair, Theresa Oelrichs and Virginia Fair.
Touching the genuineness of this docu
ment, which they asked the court to ad
mit to probate as the last will and testa
ment of James G. Fair, deceased, there
were several interviews in the press with
the gentlemen who are now attacking the
instrument. In one of these Reuben H.
Lloyd is reported as saying:
The three children have joined In a petition
SEW TO-DAY.
jp^ pjßrj NO REST
VJn HP NO SLEEP
r 11llfBr DAY OR NIGHT
My bands were completely covered with Ec-
zema, and between my fingers the skin . waa .
perfectly raw. I had to sit with both hands held .
np, and away from the fire. . My husband bad to '
dress and undress me like a baby. I tried the
beat physicians, but their medicines gave me no
relief, and drove me almost crazy. -1 1 was ad-
. vised to try Cuticitiu. Remedies, and did so,
although my husband had to go twenty miles to
get them. As soon as he got back. I used the
Cl'ticura, and in five minutes after the frit
application I wan perfectly easy, and : *lept
soundly all that , night. ■ Before I commenced
using the Ccticuf.a Remedies I could get no
ease night or day. . I could not bear to get warm ,
-it would put me in a rage of itching. I always ;
. keep the Cuticura Remedies in my house now. ■
and recommend them to everybody, because of
their wonderful effect. Toum gratefully, :
AGNES J£. HARRIS, Push, Mecklenburg Co.
i Bpekbt'Ccrb Trratmbht fob TorrrKtito,' Dii :
ncctiso Humors. — 'Warm bathi with Cuticuk a Soap, .
rtntie application* of CimcißA (ointment), the great
■kin cure, and mild dote* of CUTiCUSA Risolvbxt,
greatest of humor care*. - • tS^BB(BBtBSB9BH&H
Sold throughout the world. Price, Crncnu, Soc;
Soai>. 2.5 c; Rrsoi.VKirT. .We. and $1. POTTIE Dxca
AKii Oiikm. Cobp., Sole Prop*., Borton.
0- " Hew to Cure Tortariac Skin DiteMM," fre*.
for the probate of this will and they are a unit
in their judgment that it is genuine. The
girls recognize the handwriting and the signa
tures tud have no hesitancy in declaring it
Pennine. Fair wrote frequently with pencil.
We have compared this will with no end of
his handwriting and the resemblance is
throughout. The will bears inherent evidence
of its genuineness, even if the proof of its ex
istence and signing were not so overwhelming.
We have felt right along that a later will,
written by the Senator himself, was iv exist
ence, but we did not know in whose custody it
had been left and feared that it might be in
the vault iv the Fair building.
George A. Knight said :
The accusation that the will is a forgery is
absurd. Its history is a little peculiar, but no
one should think for a moment that reputable
attorneys would introduce it into court until
they had become thoroughly convinced that it
was genuine. The names of the attorneys
fathering the will ought to have considerable
weight Garber, Boalt & Bishop, Lloyd &.
Wood, Wilson & Wilson and my partner, Mr.
Heggerty, and myself would never sanction a
forgeiy. We investigated it thoroughly before
we became satisfied that it was genuine, and
we feel confident that it is.
Richard Dey, who was Senator Fair's
private secretary for many years, was con
fident that the will of September 24 was
genafeie. In an interview published in
The Call on March 20. 1895, he said :
The handwriting of the will is most as
suredly tnat of the late Mr. Fair,
and I don't hesitate to pronounce the will
genuiTie in every respect. I should be lamiliar
I with Senator Fair's handwriting ii anybody is.
I was his secretary from, let me see; anyway,
it was in the '60's, uutil 1884. I understood
him thoroughly. We consulted together,
dined together, traveled together.
There is no doubt in my mind but that the
new document expresses the manner in which
the late Senator wished to dispose of his
estate. It was just like him to write this new
will. 11 was hiswavof doing things. He al
lowed these executors (the executors of the
first will filed) to thinfc that they had every
thing their own way, and then he went ofi'and
upset the whole matter by writing another
wilL Nothing could be more characteristic of
the man.
Charles L. Fair said :
I think I ought to know my father's hand
writing. And this talk about the will being a
forgery is absurd.
Governor Budd, who is also an attorney
for Charles Fair, being interviewed said he
had thorough confidence in the authen
ticity of the will and scouted the idea of
it being a forgery. He has not in any pub
lic utterance shown any disposition to this
day to do so.
After the will of September 24 had
been presented to the court as before
stated its probate was contested by some
of the collateral relatives and by young
Herman Oelrichs by Van R. Paterson,
their attorney, appointed by the
court. This contest was upon the grounds
that the instrument was not the last will
of James G. Fair, and that it was a for
gery. To ibis contest Charles L. Fair,
Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia Fair an
swered on April 26, 1895. The answer
was as follows:
These defendants deny that the said will,
dated September 24, 1894, is not the last will
or any will of James G. Pair, and deny that the
said will, dated the 24th day of September,
1894, was not or that any part of it was not
written by the said James G. Fair, or
that it was never signed or dated by
him or by him executed in any manner
whatever, but on the contrary these defendants
averfthat the said will, dated the 124 th day of
September, 1894. is the last will and testament
of said James G. Fair, decensed, and that thf>
same was wholly written, dated, signed ajid
executed by him, and was so written, dated,
signed and executed by him as and for his
last will.
Defendants deny that the said James G. Fair
did not make, sign, publish and declare said
writing, dated September 24. 1894, to be his
la^t will, but 011 the contrary these defendants i
aver that the said James G. Fair made, signed,
published and declared said writing, dated the j
24th day of September. 1894, to be his lnst
will, and that said writing was by him in- j
tended so to be.
This answer was signed by Knight &
Heggerty, attorneys for Defendant Charles
L. Fair; Lloyd <fe Wood, attorneys for De
fendants Theresa A. Oelrichs and Virginia
Fair, and by Garber, Boalt & Bishop and
W 7 ilson & Wilson of counsel.
So, as stated, it will be an interesting
hour or more, in which all these gentle
[ men try to reconcile these statements with
i their present position in opposition to the
1 pencil will and their declarations that the
j will and the deeds are forgeries.
MR. FORMHALS WENT OUT
Tiff in the Mechanics' Institute
Over the Recent Prize-
Fight.
J. N. Cummings Resigns as Trustee and
Is Elected Secretary Over Sev
eral Other Candidates.
There has been a row in the Board of
Trustees of the Mechanics' Institute.
The St. Louis convention had its Teller;
! the Baldwin Hotel had its disgruntled
j bellboys; and the series of bolts is not yet
jat an end. Last night Trustee Ferdinand
; Formhals threw down the gauntlet and
1 walked out of the trustees' meeting.
It was all an aftermath of the recent
■ Corbett-Sharkey hugging match in the
I Pavilion, and grew out of a discussion of
i the private arrangement made by Mr.
Forinnais for the rent of the building on
that occasion.
Before, when the Pavilion was rented
for one night and the arrangements re
quired a day or two, it was customary to
charge a half rate for each day so occu
-1 pled. Formhals did not exact "this extra
charge. The president of the National
! Club had put up the required guarantee to
cover damages to the property, had paid
I for the one night and had pocketed the
I balance after settling for incidental
! breakage. The trustees came to the con
clusion last night that no exception should
be made for prizefights, and Trustee P. J.
Healy lit the fuse that caused the explo
sion when he murmured:
"Mow are we to recover this |300? Is
there any way?"
"Certainly," tartly responded Trustee
Formhals.
"I move we take the proper steps then
at once," continued Healy.
"I sit in this board no more," shouted
the agitated Mr. Formbals as he made a
breaK for the door and then banged it
after him.
For a moment a dead silence followed,
and then from the maz#s of Director
Healy's auburn whiskers came soft music
as he hummed, "\ou can't lose me,
Charley." The directors smiled; and
from the other end of the long table Mr.
Ayers murmured:
"But the cat came back."
As the storm clouds disappeared Director
Healy got up again and submitted a reso
lution "that hereafter we charge persons
wishing to use the Pavilion for boxing
purposes $500 in gold coin, including the
day before and the day after the contest."
The resolution was carried.
A good deal of routine business was
done and preparations for the coming
Home Products Fair were discussed at
length.
The recent resignation of the secretary
lof the institute, who has accepted the
j principalship of Cogswell College, brought
out several candidates for the position,
which will become vacant on August 1.
The candidates were: Carl H. Clark, agent
for the prospective fair; J. H. Wood, an
employe of the Mechanics' Library for the
last ten years; Richard Ott, an insurance
I man, and Joseph N. Cummings, a trustee
of the Mechanics' Institute and the sec
retary of the board. Mr. Cumraings ten
dered his resignation for both these posi
tions in order that he might be a candi
date. His resignation was accepted, and
later he was unanimously elected secretary
of the Mechanics' Institute.
LotlKr C*rrU*V cn«M«,
The following are the newly elected officers
of the San Francisco Letter-carriers' Mutual
Aid 1 Association: President, Thomas Nixon
first vice-president. Matt Lorigan; second vice
president, W. W. O'Neill; third vice-president.
H. R. Hoffman; secretary, Hui»ii J, Willis*
financial secretary, Frank C Tyrrell; treas
urer. It. D. Cunningham; sergeant-at-arms L
A. Stevens; sentinel, J. R. Rines; physician
Dr. J. F. Dillon; board of directors— £>. w Saw
yer, Conrad Trieber, W. J. Hanekamp, J. J.
Tierney, H. M. Locke. v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, JULY 9, 1896.
DEMOCRATS GOING
TOWARD M'KINLEY.
Representative Men Dis
gusted With the Chi
cago Stand.
WATKINS, POND, BISHOP.
With Others They Are Out
spoken Against Silver as the
Single Issue.
WANT A SOIFND-MONEY PLANK.
Marcus Rosenthal Declares He Will
Certainly Vote for the Ohio
Favorite.
Although tho Democratic Convention
now in session at Chicago has not yet
adopted a platform or named a candidate,
the indications are conclusive that a strong
16 to 1 silver plank will be placed in the
declaration of principles of the party, and
that the Presidental nominee will have to
stand firnily on this platform.
Already many strong gold Democrats
are crying out against what they do not
hesitate to call the suicidal policy that has
been foreshadowed in the proceedings at
Chicago, ana some have gone so far as to
declare outright for McKinley, gold and
protection, while others, more partisan
and less patriotic, have announced their
intention of remaining passive during the
campaign, and of refraining from voting
at the election in November.
There is a promise that there will be a
large defection from the Democratic ranks
owing to the attitude of the party on the
financial question, and that the voting
strength of the Republicans will be aug
mented proportionally.
A. A. Watkins, formerly chairman of
the local Democratic committee of 450,
was outspoken against silver, its advo
cates and its evils, and broadly intimated
that events at Chicago might compel him
to cast his vote for the nominee of the Re
publican Convention, which is before the
country with a platform in favor of protec
tion and gold.
"The nomination of a free-silver-coinage
candidate at Chicago will simply mean
defeat for the Democratic party," he be
gan. "1 don't think it possible for the
Democratic or any other party to elect a
silver candidate or one favorable to the
free coinage of silver.
"I thinfc such a nomination on the part
of the Democratic Convention will drive a
great many Democrats into the ranks of
the Republican party. In my limited ar
quaintance I can count up twenty-five
stanch Democrats who have declared
that they will remain passive during the
campaign if they don't go over to the
other side.
"They can't carry on the campaign," he
added, "very effectively without tne
sinews of war, and they will not be forth
coming in this campaign as they have
been heretofore.
"I am of the opinion that the 300 gold
men will nominate a candidate on a gold
platform and that we will have a repeti
tion of 1860, when the Democrats split up
at Charleston, the Northern faction
naming Douglas and the Southern faction
Breckinridge. We will have two wings of
the Democratic party opposed to each
other, and the result will oe the election of
McKinley.
"I shall not vote for a Presidential can
didate on a platform indorsing the free
coinage of silver at any ratio. It is a
heresy, the same as was the greenback fad.
Many will remember Vallandingham and
Pendleton. They were prominent Demo
crats of Ohio, but they were buried in
their attempt to carry out a greenback
policy. Silver is a similar heresy that
will carry down politically those who ad
vocate it.
"I have never failed to vote for a Demo
crat all my life, and have always sup
ported the Democratic ticket, but the
party has changed so much that there is
now nothing left of Democracy but the
trademark.
"I shall not take any active part in the
campaign. One itronp principle of the
Democratic party has been its opposition
to class legislation, and most assuredly
the free coinage of silver as advocated is
claas legislation. .
"Many Democrats express themselves
similarly to what I have said, but they
don't like to leave the party; yet they
can't stay with it under the circum
stances."
"Shall yon vote for McKinley?" was
asked.
"I am not prepared at this time to say,
but circumstances may arise that might
compel me to do so. At present I can
only say that I have determined to remain
passive."
"I regard the declaration for silver at 16
to las a great misfortune to the party,"
said ex-Supervisor James Decman. "1
have done all I could, both in the conven
tion at Sacramento and elsewhere, to
avert what seems to me a disaster, but
we roust do the best we can. I have been
a Democrat forty-five years, and I certainly
shall not vote for McKinley.
"The people have gone wild over silver,
and there are comparatively few Demo
cratic gold votes. A number of Demo
crats will refuse to support silver, but there
will be more dispusted Republicans who
will not vote for gold. This silver ques
tion places the Democrats in a peculiar
position. Ti ey have been fighting against
the protective system, wnich makes richer
those already rich, and now they have to
choose between a high protective tariff and
free silver. Although many declare they
will not vote for any free-silver man,
nevertheless when the election day comes
I believe few will vote for McKinley.
"It looks to me," continued the ex-
Supervisor, lapsing into prophecy, "as
though Teller would be the nominee of
the convention, and I believe Teller could
be elected. The Populist vote will decide
the contest, and if the Democrats put up a
man who will draw the Populist vote the
Democratic nominee will be elected. The
Democratic and Republican parties have
long been pretty evenly matched, and the
2,000,000 Populist votes are sufficient to
turn the scale either way. If the Demo
crats put up Teller or even Bland they
will get the Populist vote and elect their
man. If they do not the Populists will
put up a man of their own, and that means
McKinley's election.
"A number of conservative gold Demo
_ ] yy W ' T O-DAT— DRY GOODS. w .,..^. r ,
Ask the thousands that have purchased at • A perfectly appointed Mail Order Department. jj
j> Hale's this week, where lowest prices rule. Illustrated Catalogue free for the asking. AS
I Hale's Greatest I
Clearance Sale. 1
9 That's a pointer worth many dollars to many people. 9
6 Sole agent for 10c Paper Patterns. ' . Read about prices. Then see the goods. A
2 NOTIONS.
V The saving in a Two-Bit
Q purchase will pay your car-
(S fare to and fro.
T FANCY MESH VEILING, £ o
0 plenty of colors; worth 15c O\j
1 yard. Reduced to clear Yard
X SUPERIOR TORCHON LACE.
Sr It's 4 inches wide and lots £?/»
Q of patterns to choose from. OL
T Cheap at 10c To clear at.. Yard
T LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS,
O Swiss and scalloped edge. ~i (\ n
A A good kerchiet at 20c. A lv/U
S/ hummer for clearance at. .. Each
V CHILDREN'S FANCY COL-
O ORED BORDER HAND-
T KERCHIEFS, plenty of de- GGo) o
O signs and patterns. Our
X clearance price Each
fa JAPANNED HAIRPINB. the
V regular kind, ly. to 3 inches 1 n
Q J ong. Our clearance-sale i-t/
T price , Package
T NO. 1 BILK-FAOED GROS-
O GRAIN RIBBON, pood line O n
fa of colors. Our clearance OL
V price Piece
V CHENILLE DOT VEILING,
Q double and single width, I£T ~
jT assorted colors. Our clear- ±O\j
O ance sale price Yard
I HALE BROS. INCORPORATED I
L 937 to 945 Market Street. j
00<H><><><KM><>0<><X><><><>0O<>0<XM^
crats will not vote on election day, but
most of them will fall in line, I believe,
and support the Democratic candidate. "j
E. B. Pond declined to be • interviewed
upon the present political situation when
seen last evening. "I do not believe it
would be quite in place to speak on the
subject at this time," ,he said. '.'When
some definite action shall have been taken
perhaps I shall have something to say.
Of course everybody knows I am a gold
man — at least I .am opposed to the free
coinage of silver at 16 to 1, and at the
proper time I shall express "myself on the
subject."
Thomas B. Bishop, the well-known at
torney, lately of the linn of Garber, Boalt
& Bishop, who has previously been a good
Democrat, has been converted to Repub
licanism, and declared . his . intention of
casting bis vote in the coming election for
McKinley and Hobart, because he thinks
that their election will insure the finan
cial and industrial prosperity of the coun
try. ;!gs fWMSMinfIsVnVBI
It is expected that this . change of heart
in Mr. Bishop will have its due influence
and that many others of his late party will
follow his example. «
Marcus Rosenthal. the well-known at
torney, while inclined to be cautious in
expressing his views before a . platform
had been adopted or a candidate named,
appeared to feel confident that silver
would be the slogan of his party.
"Should the convention name a candi
date, on a silver platform," he said, "I
shall ■be : constrained to vote for Mr. Me-;
Kinley. Of course it would give me a great
deal of pain to be compelled to a ever my
connection with the Democratic party, but
lam confident that the adoption of free
coinage would be so damaging to the beat
interests of the country that I would have
to place patriotism tin this case before
party interests. .The i election of a ' Presi
dent on a silver platform would inevitably
bring on a great financial panic and
crash." _^^____ _ _
DROPPED DEAD IN CHURCH.
H. W. Barker Stricken With Apoplexy
in Calvary Church.
H. W. barker, who resided at 1030 How
ard street, dropped dead last evening in
Calvary Church, corner of Powell and
Geary streets. It is presumed that ap
oplexy was the cause of death. Barker
was attending the prayer meeting at the
time of his death. The congregation was
singing a hymn when the deceased was
seen to fall from his chair to the floor.
The pastoi hurried toward the dying man
and assisted by two oi the congregation
carried Barker into the vestry. A physi
cian was summoned but before he arrived
death had taken place. The Coroner was
notified and the body was taken to the
Morcue. From letters found on the body
it was learned that Barker had arrived in
this City a few weeks ago from Oregon.
DEATH BY THE GAS ROUTE.
Jacob Deitrich Smothered in His Room
Yesterday Morning.
Jacob Deitrich, whose occupation in life
is unknown, either ; committed : suicide or
was; accidentally i smothered to death by
gas in his room at 418 Ellis street, yester
day morning. The . body was discovered
laßt 'jveningat 7 o'clock Dy G. H. Winster
and Albert Doherty. They were passing
through the hallway and detecting a strong
odor of gas, j concluded; that the deadly
fluid was . escaping ';■ through an open jet
in I the i room ' occupied kby Dietrich X they
forced the door and discovered the body.
The Coroner's office was notified and the
body was removed to the Morgue. ' 'Judg
ing "from' its condition death must have
taken place several hours prior to its dis
covery.
■ ■-. — — — - » - *. • .-. — ~~. ■ ' . ~
Certain parts of the hippopotamus'lhide
attain a thickness of two inches. ;
FROM THE DISS GOODS
SECTION
We have been re-marking Dress
Stuffs for the last month. Now
a chance for the people.
FANCY SUITINGS, fnll 28 inches
wide, in stripes and plaids, good fQC
heavy stuff and very stylish, half its X^j
worth at Yard
FANCY MIXED CHEVIOT SUITINGS.
37-inch. You paid 35c all season. "1 QC
Good dark colors. For ihe rush of X. O
the clearance Yard
ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED CHECK
CHEVIOT SITTING, 37 Inches OKC
wide. A little more than half its for- .-•>
mer price Yard
BLACK FRENCH SERGE. We
' guarantee this to be ail-wool, 44-inch. QQC
This was never sold for less than 60c. O«7
Remember, at Hale's Clearance this is Yard
75c FANCY TWO-TONED TAFFETA, A QC
19 inches wide, for 40
Yard
TRI-COLORED GROS DE LONDRES
SILK, 21 inch, strictly up to date. Qf^C
Don't miss these silk chances. Clear- CO
ance sale price Yard
:$1 25 FRKNCH DRESDEN SILKS »nd 7£C
two newlines just arrived, tobeolosed 4 *J
' out, 20-inch, clearance price Yard
MRS, PERKINS VERY ILL
She Is Supposed to Have Taken
an Overdose of Some
Powerful Drug.
Fears for Her Life Were Felt at
First— She Is Now Out of
Danger.
OAKLAND, Cal.. July B.— The wife of
George C. Perkins Jr. was taken seriously
ill this afternoon, and for a time it was
thought that she would die.
The family lives at Eleventh avenue and
East Twenty-ninth street, and many con
flicting stories are told by the servants
and neighbors concerning the circum
stances surrounding the sudden attack of
sickness.
Mrs. Perkins had just finished a light
meal which she had been eating with her
little boy when she cried out to a servant
to bring an emetic as she bad swallowed
something Dy mistake. She was very
much frightened and told the servant
that she thought she was dying.
The servant at once got into a buggy
and started out to find medical aid. While
she was absent Mrs. Perkins expressed
great fear that she was attacked with a
fatal disease and asked that her husband
and mother be sent for.
Dr. McCollough answered the summons
for aid and when he arrived Mrs. Perkins
was unconscious. He was soon afterward
joined by Dr. Sill and they worked over
the patient for two hours without any
effect.
It was stated that Mrs. Perkins had acci
dentally taken a big dose of laudanum.
After the first violent effects of the drug
bad been overcome the lady became hys
terical and had to be treated for several
hours. Till late this evening it was neces
sary to keep her moving to work off the
effects of the potion. There was no one
in the house at the time but the servants,
and they profess to be unable to account
for their mistress' sudden sickness, for no
one saw her take anything. One of them
stated that Mrs. Perkins had been elooruy
all morning and had not felt well.
Whatever were the circumstances there
is every effort made to keep the details of
the affair secret. Mrs. Perkins was out
driving about an hour before it happened
and a dealer named Vestal, who calls at
the house regularly, said that she looked
to De in particularly good spirits.
About an hour after being at the house
the servant passed him in the buggy and
told him her mistress was fatally sick.
Until late to-night Drs. McCullough and
Sill were in attendance on the sick woman.
When Mr. Perkins was asked to-night how
bis wife was progressing tie said that she
was all right and out of danger, but de
clined to say more.
It is believed that Mrs. Perkins was
taking some medicine and took an over
dose. It is reported that similar mis
takes have been made in the past.
As soon as they were notified of the ac
cident, Mr. Perkins Jr. ami Mrs. Quat
man, the wile's mother, arrived, but
neither would talk of the matter.
Mrs. Perkins was formerly Eva Quat
man. She married Senator Perkins' son a
few years aeo, and lived for a time on her
husband's ranch in the country. Recently
they moved to East Oakland. They have
a child about 4 years old.
At midnight Dr. Sill said that Mrs. Per
kins was conscious and out of danger.
tbn » . •■•• . i.i won
Jndge Slack yesterday granted the defend
ants in the cases of Nettie R. Craven against
Charles L. Fair at al., ten days additional time
in which to answer.
The coins of Siam are made of porcelain;
those of Japan are made principally of
iron.
FROM THE DOMESTIC
BARGAINAPOLIS
Cotton Goods cannot be made
and printed at the prices asked
in this sale.
BLEACHED TOWELING, 17 Inches CilC
wide. This Is a heavy twill and was U4
reduced from 10c. Our clearance Yard
TURKISH TOWELS, unbleached, 18x H~C
38 inches, a well-woven selvage and • «-l
" reduced from $1. You must see this. Dozen
COMFORTS— A full-size Comfort and a .
good-grade filling. . Reduced.. from ... QK.C
$1 28. You'll rest well when dry ' VO
.. goods are as cheap as these Each
FLANNELETTES, in medium and dark 'AO
colors, a leader for clearance. ........ t:
• • Yard
CRINKLED SEERSUCKERS, 27 inches . re
wide, reduced from 10c, a pricvlet for O
clearance Yard-
TABLE OIL CLOTH, 1% yards wide. •
slightly damaged, the maker told -us lOC
to sell It for their account, saved for XCi
clearance.. .; Yard
NEW DIMITY., reduced from 12^c QC
-and 15c, one hundred pieces for \j •
clearance ..../. Yard
CROCHET SPREADS, 80x90 Inches, nr\C
Marseilles patterns, reduced from tv
$1 25, a starter for clearance Each '
*g*g-« ' ■ — : _ :
| A CERTAIN i
I SAVING! 1
c c
JO o
C . ■; ■ A quarter saved is ■ a %
Z quarter earned. %
\% FOR ONE WEEK: %
C Imported SWISS CHEESE °
C ............... ...ib 991« «
U Regularly 30c. aZgt °
£ GHIRARDELLI'S EAGLE °
C CHOCOLATE lb OOnA n °
£ Regularly 25c. » £l/L o
to ANGELICA . PORT AND - %
]o SHERRY ..........bot. Q~ o o
o Very Choicest Native OU\j o
° Wines 3 bot 1.00 °
C -• Regularly 50c. °
? FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, o
C .................bar 9K«°
C Regularly 30c <£'Jt °
U 2 bars 45c £
£ CANADIAN CLUB WHIS- o
if I; KEY......... bot. Qi.oo °
j^: Regularly $1 25. «jpl— *
0 TEA, new season's, 35c °
£. "...:. ;.......:........31bs ©1.00 o
C Regularly 50c. ; $ 1 -— °
Jo ' °
I RATH JEN BROS.J
I 21 STOCKTON STREET, S
C NEAR MARKET. %
C Telephone Main 5522. °
|o Ask for July Catalogue. ; o
Practical
Protection '
Means protection to
fh m industries.
'Patronage is the
trfT J» best protection. Buy
thaoc . ••STANDARD"
"\y TJ shirts, and you pro-
|\ J>. - tect one of Calif or-
-ARK nia's leading v in-
r=ri r— ■, dustries, employing
(MnWrll over live hundred
»^ LL a people.
? *V -..-. All dealers.
1 Neustadter Bros. Mfrs., S. P.; Cai.
18 , THE VERY BKST O.VE TO KXAMINB
X your eyes and tit tnem to I Spectacles and Ey».
: Classes with | instruments of hi own ■ lnveaUoa.
whose superiority has not beea eqaaled. JLT «aa>
■ ens has been due to the meriu 01 our WQCtb ■ - :
Ollico Hours— la to 4 m. ■ :
ODD WIUO.V COMPOUND
m^'mr.t^i 9619 ftnd SURE. Always reliable. ■ T»Je» 5 ;
■OTOhstitme. Porsaiebyalldrugriflsts. - - Sew» :
i «A for lVr»rnan"»^a/r(7i«ird. WILCOX BPKCIFIO
CXX. m KniTTR EIaOTIT ST.. PHII.AnA.. W.
FURNISHING ?
No blanks in this section. 0
Every purchase is a prize at V
Hale's Clearance. jl
BOYS' CALICO WAISTS— Q
Pretty, neat patterns in "I Zf* O
stripes and checks, light xO\j V
grounds; were 25c each; now Each Q
LATHES' CALICO WAIST— X
A laundered collar and cuff ; DX n x
yoke back and bi<j sleeves; OD{j q
were 50c. Clearance sale. .. Eacn j£
LADIES' PERCALE WAISTS. O
A swell affair, laundered col- /k
lar and cuffs and yoke back. Kf|/» x
A regular 75c Waist. For OXJIj Q
clearance Each JL
GENTS' UNLAUNDERED 0
SHIRTS— Re-enforced back (S
and4-ply linen bosoms, gooi
heavy muslin. See our win- QQ/» O
dow full. A clearance sale OU\j X
price Each S*
LADIES' BLACK SERGE JL
SUITS — Blazer JacKets, v)
skirt 5 yards wide and lined A\
with Percaline; well bound jr
with velvet. A suit that is ©?f. OO Q
cheap at $7 50. Clearance «P" — X
Price Each O
LADIES' BLACK AND NAVY T
BLUE CAPES, trimmed Q
with straps of same material, JL
gilt braid and little brass Sr
buttons; a jaunty affair; (g»"".00 Q
sold at $10. Clearance sale — jT
price Each Q
GOLDEN RULE
BAAZAR.
SPECIAL SALE
SILVER-PLATED WIRE
THIS WEEK.
Combination Sugar with 6 spoons, quadruple
Plate .'...... r *i 07
! Combination Sugar, satin. Brightcut, with 12
• spoons, quadruple plate ... ■ ' li 9
: 5-Bottle Casttrs, satin. Bright cut. quadruple
■ >Bo:UeCasteW.VßV^raYßroi;aaUn"BriVht' tl .
} 6-Bo: tie Casters. Kosers Bros., satini'BriKnt
cut. quadruple plate -* oan
i 5-Bottle Casters, fancy chased, quadruple " *
plate — :...... o 25
I Glass-bottom Butter Dish, triple-plate - in
Brißht-cut Butter Dish, triple-plate "" 115
i Pear-shape Butter Di3h, quadruple"' plate,
satin fini5h. .....■...■..;....■....;. "■ - ■ 1 •>«
Butterfly Butter Dish, quadruple piate! glass ■"
rest '..."...".'....'. '.. ........... 149
4-Piece Tea Set; satin, Bright cut, quadruple
p1ate.........;........ 7 878
4-Pfece Tea bet. extra larse Dot, Bright cut
quadruple plate 8 50
14-inch Hound Tray, satin center to match 350
Satin Bright-cut Cake , Basket, quadruple
p1ate............. 10Q
Batln Bright-cut Cake Basket, quadruple ™
plate.. •.......;.. ■. " 225
Fancy Engraved • Cake - Basset, - quadruple "
■ -plate .. . 250
Colored-Glass Berry Dish, triple plate, frame
high... — ...:..;.....-........... 130
Imitation Cut-Glass Berry Dish, triple plate
frame 10w. .'................. . ' '149
Fancy Opaque-Glass Berry Dish, quadruple
plate, frame 10w.... 2 00
% dozen each Forks and Knives, triple plate
in satin-lined leatnerwe case .. ■ 149
% dozen each . Forks and Knives. Tea "and
Table Spoons, in plush ease, satin lined. v 400
Full Assortment of Everything at Equally
> •- Low . Prices.
DAVITBROS.,
718 Market Street, San Francisco
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNER^
FROM • AND AFTER JULY =1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley • Water Works proposes to
undertake the delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
; Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the Harbor Commissioners
, I propose to erect on the seawall, between" Howard
j and Mission streets. Ships lying :in . the stream
will be informed at the above office, at the time of
j making such applications, : from what hydrant
their water-boats will be ! supplied. Reasonable
notice must be given In all cases, and application*
will be filled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. m. and 5 r. m. dally, Sundays ami
holidays , excepted, unless - specially contracted
otherwise "mn-tea
■" By order of the Board of Directors.
PELHAM w. AMK«. Secretary.
OOSMOPOIjITAN, "
! Opposite U. 8. Mint, ) 100 and 103 Fifth « ; «,,',
,>rancUco,Cal._Themost select family hoU t«
the dty. Board and room, *1, *1 25 and »l 511 P«-
-; Cmy .according to room. M«d/25& &££,?*s&
and 760 a day. *,«, „,<«.& to and troni«Sho4aL
i l«ok for «»• coacu »»artnsth« . nan» of th« " OaS: