VfXLUME LXXX.-NO. a S3.
HART'S ROUTE
CONFIRMED
Aerial Lights Seen Flitting
in San Fernando
Valley.
SIMILAR PHENOMENON
SEEN IN ALAMEDA.
Brief Review of the Remarkable
Developments of the Past
Week.
J'SAGE REFLECTIONS MADE BY
MAYOR DAVIE.
S es No Cause for Surprise in the
Cam That A?rial Navigatioa
Is Possible.
It i* now about ten days since the hrst
report regarding the elusive and mysteri
ous aerial lights came from Sacramento.
>;m:e then developments in reference to
them have been rapid and sensational, but
mystery still surrounds the object and the
human agency that are said to be respon
sible for ther appearance.
At this time tne history of the myth,
phenomenon, airship or whatever it may
prove to be, will be«r a brief review.
Tnis is given that the readers of The Call
may the more readily and intelligently
gra«p the present situation.
Incredulity, deep and general, greeted
the first report which credited the lights
to an aerial voyacer. Next it was an
nounced that George D. Collins, an at
torney of this City, was the legal repre
sentative ot the inventor ana manipulator
of the wonder of the starlit sky. This
honor Mr. Collins did not disavow, but
wjis unconquerably obdurate when it came
to a question of disclosing the name of hia
c client, the location where the marvel was
put together, or the place where it found
exemption from the eyes of the curious.
The knowledge that this interestingin
formation was lodged in irs legal custody
= caused him to be besieged by newspaper
reporters, speculators, invc-stoi*. cranks
aEKi a horde of curiosity-seekers. Under
'th-e. pressure thus put upon his time and
patience, be made numerous statements
relative to the matter that was absorbine
; public attention and his connection there
• with.
Unfortunately these statement?, as pub
lished in the various newspapers, did not
°lit?together quite as accurately as a scien
tifically constructed edifice should. Among
otner things he allowed it to be inferred
that a Dr. Fi. H. Benjamin had aided in
the construction of the invention.
• Meanwhile reports continued to come
to hand daily of strange and luminous
visions. Men well and most favorably
known in scientific, official, professional,
business and educational circles claimed
to l*ave seen these nocturnal visitations of
moving lights at great altitudes. None,
however, appear to have secured a clear
vie.w of the body to which it was sup
posed these aerial lights were attached,
though most observers of the phenom
enon stood ready to assert that they were
guided in theircourse athwart the horizon
by human power. Sacramento, Oakland
and San Jose furnished the most frequent
and startling descriptions of the mystery,
I Suddenly came the news that ex-Attor
ney-General W. H. 11. Hart had been sub
stituted for M.r. Collins as the legal cus
todian of the secrets and destinies of the
reputed airship.
This was followed by the announcement,
on the authority of General Hart, that the
airship mystery was only incidental to a
full-fledged and extraordinary filibuster
ing scheme for the capture or destruction
of Havana, the stronghold of the Spanish
authorities in Cuba, by the use of dyna
mite. He further informed the startled
public that the aerial warship to be used
in this enterprise wouiu be designed to
carry half a tun of dynamite, in addition
to its necessary appurtenances and crew.
He also, over his own signature, averred
that two airships were now in readiness
to sail the ethereal blue, and that another,
on modified and improved plans, was in
course of construction. As soon as this
last-mentioned crafl was completed and
the crew made thoroughly acquainted
with its handling it was to take flight, he
said, to Havana, there to aid the Cubans
in their struggle for independence.
For his adv»cacy 6f the use of dynamite
General Hart was taken to task by the
Bulletin, which was tentatively abetted by
tb°e Examiner. This attack elicited a
spfrited and martial-toned rejoinder. The
ftar in the public mind now is that the
scene of war *^ay be transferred from the
carnage-stained fields Oi Cuba to the un
offend n« co:unins of the local newspa
per*.
Shortly after the name of Dr. E. H.
Benjamin appeared in connection with
the mystery of the air he disappeared
from his lodgings at 633 Ellis street, where
liy had l:ved lor two years, leaving noth
ing more than a carefuiiy locked trunk
Vfehind. Yesterday morning he called, for
his bag aire and then "flew the coop," as
the detectives phrase it, leaving no trace
aa to nis future movements, but on the con
trary taking precautions to cover his
tracks.
Saturday night r< , putable p eo p| e of A!a .
meua aver that they caw' the floating
The San Francisco Call
lights, and an electrician states it bore all
the characteristics of an eiectric light.
Anderson, a town about ten miles soath
of Redding, lays claim to the honor of a
visit from the aerial nondescript on Satur
day niglit.
Mayor Davis contributes some pertinent
philosophical reflections to the literature
of the topic of the day.
Dispatches from Los Angeles last night
state that the sirange lights have been
seen in the neighborhood for the past few
days.
General Hart had something further to
say yesterday on the use of dynamite in
war.
"In the event that an airship could be
made to destroy a city," he said, "that in
itself would firmly establish the peace of
the civilized world. It would be realized
that it would be no use to light against
such means. The very fact thai such a
thing could be done would bring about uni
versal peace. The result would b3 that
the nations would resort to arbitration in
all matters of international differences. It
would no longer be a matter who has tne
biggest cannon and who can shoot the
farthest. There would be no use lor
navies or fortilications, and thus would be
brought about absolute peace."
He also took occasion to explain that
the 120- mile flight referred to in yester
day's Call was made with the larger air
ship. The smaller one, he added, is capa
ble of moving much more rapidly, By
going with the atmospheric currents and
using the electric power at the same time,
he claimed, it can attain a speed of forty to
lifty miles an hour.
One point that has been noticed is that
Attorney Hart intimated several days ago
tUat the course of tue airship would be
southerly and dispatches confirmatory of
this were last night received from Los An
gles.
OVER ALAMEDA.
The Mysterious Lights Made Their
Appearance on Saturday
Night Last.
Alameda had another spell of excite
ment over the airship on Saturaay night,
when the mysterious light that has been
puzzling residents of the towns about the
bay made its appearance over the south
ern portion of the Enciual city.'
Shonly after dark the family of a gen
tleman living at Versailles station, while
observing the heavens from the southern
windows of the house saw a big white
light suddenly appear high in the air
about over Bay Farm Island. It seemed
to flare out in a second as though some
thing that had obscured it had suddenly
been removed. All watched with breath
less interest while it rose, passing rapidly
westward meanwhile to a greater height,
where it seemed to pause for an instant.
It then turned toward the south and
pas?ed on in that direction.
It appeared about the size of a man's
head when first seen, but grew smaller
and smaller until it passed out of eiyht.
The time that elapsed between the first
appearance and the disappearance was
aboui twenty minutes, and all agreed that
it seemed to urch from sidp to side aa it
went southward.
A gentleman visiting at the house, who
hns had considerable to do with electric
light power, and who saw the aerial
mystery, is convinced that it could heve
been nothing else than an electric light of
great power.
ANDERSON IN LINE.
Her Citizens Claim to Have. Saen
the Aerial Mystery In Its
Flight.
REDDING, Cal., Nov. 29.— Anderson,
located about ten miles south of Redding,
is either in line with other cities of the
coast or else her citizens have the same
"night owl" proclivities, for it is current
talk that the aerial monster passed over
Anderson last evening about 20 minutes
past 8. Her citizens claim to have seen
the stranger in its flight.
It was first observed from the corner of
East Center and Ferry streets by a re
putable citizen noticing a peculiar light in
the westward. He called the attention of
others to the seeming phenomenon, and
quite a crowd collected. It was generally
conceded that this must he the long
ta!Ked-of airship. Its course was south
and west, and the lights ioon disappeared
in the south. The light was large and
brilliant and seemed to move in a steady
course.
AN ORAL REVERIE.
Mayor Davie Says Some Pointed
Things About a Current
Topic of Interest
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 29. — Mayor
Davie has seen a phase of human incon
sistency during the past week that has
amused him. It is best told in his own
words:
"Whether there be an airship cruising
nightly over this neighborhood," said his
Honor to a little group of friends yester
day, "is only a secondary matter with me
at this time. If there be not one now, I
am convinced that the problem of aerial
navigation will soon be solved. What is
now interesting me is the peculiarities of
some newspapers and some newspaper
readers.
'•Early Sunday, as you all know, we find
on our doorsteps small libraries which are
called daily newspapers. We look through
them and find that a good portion of them
Js occupied wit h the marvelous things that
scientists perfect and prophesy. During
the past few months this has been more
the case than ever before. The newspapers
publish all these things as facts, prof ess to
believe them, and the majority of their
renders accept them as truth. Being some
what of a scientist myself, I am led to be
lieve in many thing? that now appear im
probable. But I have a precedent for it.
"A year ago if any one had told me that
they could produce a ray of li-jht that
would photograph my watch through a
wooden box wouid I have boen called an
ass for doubtin.' him? Yet I have seen
this very thing done. Wo have all read
of the progress of aeronautics, and yet
when a thousand reputable citizens de
clare that they have seen some kind of a
machine navigatirg the ssies, and believe
their eyesight as proof that some one has
done what the newspapers have told us
for years is only a matter of time, most of
those papers try to make us believe that
they have been fooling us with their prob
abilities, and that their stories of scientific
prophecies are all fool stories.
"Several years ago there was an old in-
The New Champagne Vintage.
\ By its remarkable quality and dryriess, with
out being heavy, the solendid new vintage of
G 11. Jlumin's Extra Dry now being imported
is creating a sen.»;ttion. *It should be tasted to
be i uli}' appreciated. ->• *- * -••••--
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
UNCLE SAM -You'll Have to Watch That Chap Through Another Session.
ventor named Dr. Secring who lived in
this city. One day I hear! a conversation
between him and the late Walter Blair,
who built the Piedmont cable road. Seer
ing told Blair not to think of putting his
fortune into an expensive trench in the
ground as in a short time electric-cars
would be running all over Oakland. Blair
laughed at the idea, put his trench in the
ground and put his foitune into it, and
electricity was substituted on his system
after the road dad been sold by the Sheriff.
Dr. Seering fell dead on the street here
about two years aeo, but a few weeks be-,
fore his death he told me that with nlumi-«
num and electricity an airship would soon
be a certainty. I don't say this as proof
that there is a successful airship now in
use, but I will say that if I were to read in
to-morrow's paper absolute proof that on«
has been constructed, I should not be any
more eurprised than Walter Blair was
alter he saw bis mistake."
SOUTH OF TEHACHAPI.
The Aerial Wonder Appears to the
People of San Fernando
Valley.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 29.— The
operator of the California airship seems to
find the climatic conditions soutn of
Tehachapi very favorable for the evolu
tions of his bird-like machine.
Persons whose occupations keep them
up late into the night relate experiences
of having seen strange and peculiar lights
during the past three nights moving about
near the summit of the mountains or
crossing the valleys at a rapid rate.
These visitations have heretofore been
witnessed by only a few persons, but to
night scores of residents of East Los An
geles saw the flitting light in the direction
of Pasadena moving along the foothills
toward Santa Monica.
A Call correspondent took great pains
this evening to verify th« reports about
the lights, and is now thoroughly satisfied
that some very unusual spectacle was seen
by a large number of persons, all of whom
gave substantially the same description of
what they saw, and there can no longer be
any question but that some figure of huge
outline and carrying a light has been seen,
in the San Fernando Valley and along the
foothills extending from the valley to
Santa Monica.
Motorman Millsap of the Downey
avenue car line, which runs into East Los
Angeles, gave the best description among
the many interviewed. He is quite sura
that what ne saw is an aerial machine
operated by a human being. -
Will Start on lull lime.
ROCKVILLE, Conn., Nov. 29. —The
A BUREAU OF MINING SHOULD BE CREATED.
Senator Mantle of Montana Earnestly Favors the Recognition of a Great
Industry. ' .
TO THE EDITOR OF THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL--Sir: Replying
to your favor inquiring as to my opinion regarding the cre
ation of a ■ 'Bureau of Mining" by Congress and a • 'Secretary of
Mines and Mining" to be a member of the Cabinet, permit me to
say that the subject is one which has my active sympathy. I
quite agree with you that the mining industry of the Nation
has now assumed such immense proportions, and has become such
an important factor in the growth and advancement of the coun
try, that it is entitled to this recognition.
I shall take especial pleasure in giving my earnest support
to the movement and in co-operating with those chiefly concerned,
and especially with Western members and Senators, in the effort
to secure this just and necessary legislation.
Butte, Mont., Nov. 25, 1896.
Warren Woolen Mills at Stafford Springs
will start on full time to-morrow. These
mills employ about 300 bands. The Un
derwood Belting Company of Tollami is
rushed with orders, owing to so many
mills starting in various parts of the
country. A number of the woolen mills in
tins city recently increased their running
time.
PERISH IN A BLAZING STRUCTURE.
Luther Greenman, His Wife and Three Chil
dren Burned to Death on a New
■ York Farm.
ROCHESTER, N. V., Nov. 29 —A spe
cial to the Democrat aud Chronicle from
Perry, N. V., says: A whole family per
ished in flame and smoke this morning in
tlio tenement house of ill,' lrtr!ng Ti>
son farm, situated about fcur ruilss north
east of the village, where resided the fam
ily of Luther Greenman, consisting of hus
band, aged 40 years: Mrs. Greenman, aged |
PICTURES IMPRESSED UPON THE BRAIN.
BOSTON. Mas? , Nov. 29. — An experiment, the result of which delighted and surprised the scientists present, was
made with X-rays to-day at the Crystal Maze, which tended to prove that Roentgen's light impresses pictures on the brain
independent of the eyes. The subject was Dr. James Richard Cooke, a regularly graduated physician, now practicing in
the Back Bay.
The experiment was conducted by Professor Sutherland of Boston University and Mr. yon Palm. Cooke became
blind when three days old. He was placed in the cabinet with -Dr. Sutherland and fluoroscopic screens placed in front of
his sightless eves. When the current was turned on he distinguished the ray's and experienced a painful sensation. Then
the top of his forehead was placed against the screen and a block of wood thrust before the glass. Immediately he stated
that something resembling a slab, but seemingly of no density, appeared on his brain. ■
Finally a screw-driver was placed before the screen ana Dr. Cooke placed his finger on the glass and cried out that an
elongated object had appeared on his brain. When the screw-driver was placed in front of his eyes and the current
turned an, Dr. Cooke could not distinguish it, but when it was placed in front of the forehead he immediately distin
guished it.
37; Andy, aged 6; Lottie, aged 3, and
Arthur, a baby 11 months ana a few days.
The house was discovered in flames by
Mr. Thompson at 6:45 a. m. He rushed
for the building and burst open the front
door but was driven back by the' fin roes,
which seemed to be in possession of the
whole interior. He then knocked opeji a
room window and took hold of Mr. Green
man, who was burned so that the flesh
came off in Thompson's hand, and it was
all he could do to drag out the corpse.
He was then compelled to flee from the
house, the flames which came from the
window almost burning him. The house
was quickly destroyed.
, Comner Matson arrived and the horri
bly charred remains of the family were
.taken from the' smoldering ruins. An
inquest will be held in the morning. The
fire was undoubtedly the result of a defec
tive stovepipe. Greenman and his family
were burned out two years ago, barely
escaping with their lives.
INTENSELY COLD WEATHER.
Gnat Suffering in the Far North and
an /ncreasa of the Death List
Is Expected.
ST. PAUL. Mix*.. Nov. 29.— The in
tensely cold weather which prevails in the
storm-swept districts of the Northwest
has brought on intense tunVrine, and the
death list of four is expected 'to be in
creased unless milder weather sets in.
Reports from the railways to-night mdi«
cate that they are running nearly on time
again.
■ T?epor?«» eominz in from wmt of the
Missouri say the losses to stock will not
be great, as when the storm broke the
beeves found fair shelter in the valleys.
The weather, however, is very severe, tne
temperature being below zero all over
Minnesota and the Daketas.
The thermometer registered 12 below
zero at 12 o'clock to-night and is still
rowing colder.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 29.— The first
real snowstorm of the season in this city
made itself felt to-day. The promised
cold wave was also on hand, although the
temperature was not low enough to have
been disagreeable if the. weather had been
clear.
At about 3 o'clock this afternoon bail
began to fall and continued for about half
an hour. Then cams a light, misty rain,
which continued intermittently until
about 7 o'clock, when it changed to snow.
At first the flakes were light and hardly
distinguishable from a heavy mist. But
soon they grew larger, and at 8 o'clock
quite a respectable snowstorm was pre
vailing. At 11 o'clock the ground was
white. By midnight the aspect was de
cidedly wintry, and at 3 o'clock in the
morning a heavy snowfall continued.
EDISON GIVES HER SIGHT.
Objects Seen and Distinguished by the
Aid of X-Ra/s by a Child Blinded
Several Years Ago.
NEW YORK, N. V., No*-. 29.— With the
.aid of X-rays, Thomas Edison has enabled
nine-year-old Kittie Schoellner of Newarlc,
N. J., to see after having been blind for
two and a half years^s the result of a fall,
which crushed one of the bones of the
skull, and it is thought, caused a pressure
on the opttc nerve, paralyzing it.
The child was taken by her father to the
laboratory 1/.. Tuesday, and Mr. Edison
consented to see if the X-raya would en
able her to see. Ho says:
"When the little girl arrived I asked her
if she could see anything. She said 'No.'
I placed her in front of the lamp and she
•told me she saw light
"I then, ran my hand in- between the
light and! her eyes. She «aid: 'There is
something in front,' and then said it was
a hsnd. One of the boys at the laboratory,
Ned Daily, then placed a piece of brass,
cut. circular, in front of ner. and she said
it was a plate. A little while later she
said it was a yellow plate.
"I asked her father if he was positive
she was blind. He said he was. I then
took the lamp and moved it from side to
side, and her eyes followed it and she told
me just where I stood.
"The next night we tried to discover
the location of the bone pressing down on
her optic nerve. The doctor said he was
not able to see it, although we expect we
will be able to take a pboiograph showing
the bone. The remarkable thing to me
washer ability to distinguish colors. " I
believe this is a new feature.
"This experiment was not made with
the fluoroscope. It was made with the
cild looking directly at the lamp. The
reports that the fluorescopo will aid the
blind to distinguish articles is all wrong.
No X-ray gets through the fluoroscope. In
a rluorofcone is simply light."
Mr. Edison said he did not think the
X-rny would enaole the blind to read, be
cuuse the article to be seen must be of
metal.
BAD BLOOD AT A BALL GAME.
Indians cf the Choctaw Nation Show Their
Bitter Rivalry by Using Bats With
Deadly Effect
PARIS, Tex.. Nov. 29.— For some time
the Indians of Red River and Eagle coun
ties, Chcctaw nation, have been playing
match games of ball and the rivalry be
came so intense that bad blooa was en
gendered.
Last Thursday at Good water the antag
onism between the two counties culmin
ated in a cenenii fight, in which the butt
ends ot their ball sticks were ireely used
and men wire knocked down all over the
ball field, some twenty or thirty being
more or less iniured. Will Goings had
his ?kull crushed and died in a short time.
P^astnian Battise received injuries from
which he died. John Billy waa seriously
wounded.
Sheriff Huston 01 Eagle County was so
badly injured, it is said, he cannot pos
sibly recover. No arrests will follow, as
the Indians have no law to punish a man
for killing another in a ball game. No
firearms or knives were used.
Carriage ITftr/ca Burned.
YORK, Pa., Nov. 29— This morning the
Quef nstreet shops of the Martin Carriage
Work* *vere burned. Loss nearly $50,000.
pkFce five cents.
BOASTS OF
BUTCHERIES
Spanish Colonel Struch
Glories in Slaying the
Defenseless.
WEYLER'S ORDERS ARE
CARRIED OUT.
Slaughter of Pac.ficos in the
Attempt to Exterminate All
Non-Combatants.
HUNDREDS OF OLD MEK, WOMEN
AND CHILDREN SLAIN.
Terrible Massacre of Those Who
Surrendered in the Province
of P.nar del Rio.
KEY WEST, Fla., Nov. 29.— Late Ha
vana advices say the extermination of
pacilicos continues by Weyler'a special
orders. All commanders are ordered to
clear the country of all non-combatanta.
This is done silently.
Communication with the country is
difficult and it is hard to obtain details.
The massacres only become known through
the confessions of officers and soldiers in
some cases. Colonel Struch, it is said,
openly boasted in Havana of killing over
"jOO old men, women and girls, who sur
rendered in Pinar del Rio Province.
Many have btea also killed in other
provinces. It is also reported that Colonel
Struch, while in his cuds, gave r volting
detaiU of the Pinar del Rio massacre.
On the night of November 2J Colone
Struch and his men drank heavily and
then followed one of the most horrible oc
currences of the war. Inflamed by drink,
the Spanish soldiers ru-hed upon their
helpless prisoners and subjected them to
.treatment which cannot be described in
print Finally Colonel Struch significantly
told his men that "it wai no use to bo
longer bothered by the Cuban cattle."
The soldiers took th» hint and immedi
ately began firing on the old women and
girls. Volley after volley of lead was Sred
at the cowering and shriekiug creatures
who had so lately been the victims of
Spanish cruelty until not one was left
alive. The- bodies of the victims were left
to ths vultures, and; Colonel Struch
marched his command bacli to headquar
ters and reported to Cap.tain-General Wey
ler that several insnrgent «camps had been
"raided and about 300 rebels killed."
Colonel Slruch and many of his officers
were eiven furloughs iii consideration of
their services and returned to Havana.
Since going to Havana Colonel Struch
has been drunk all the time and has
openly boasted of the awful slaughter of
innocents. This story is not in the least
exaggerated, as it is made upon official
statements which have fallen from the
lips of Colonel Struch as he staggered out
of the cafes of Havana.
From other provinces come stories of
massacre of innocents, but none so well
authenticated as the one related above.
Weyler's edict offering pardon to those
who surrender is proving to be simply a
dev'fee to lure Cuban's to death.
HAVANA, Cuba, Nov. 29.— The latest
reports from the province of Pinar del
Rio locate Captain-General Weyler in the
vicinity of San Cristobal. He was march-
NEW : TO-DAT.
M \ j-^ f%y StSt
. Healthy, happy babies : are generally
the offspring of healtliy, happy mothers.
It would hardly be natural if it were
otherwise. The baby's health and hap-
piness depend on the mother's. The
mother's condition during gestation par-
ticularly exerts an influence* on the
whole life of the child.
Impure blood, weakness and nervous-
ness in the mother are pretty sure to
repeat themselves in the child.
If a woman is not careful at any other
time, she certainly should be during the
, period preliminary to parturition. ; It is
a time when greatest care is necessary,
and Nature will be the better fof a little
help. Even strong, well ' women will
find themselves feeling better, their time
of labor shortened and their pains less-
ened ;if they will take Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription. To those whom
troubles peculiarly feminine have rend-
ered in any degree weak, it will prove a
veritable blessing. It is a good general
tonic for the whole system, and at any
time will promote the proper and regular
action of all the organs. It is a medicine
for women only, and for all complaints '
confined to their sex is of inestimable
value.
Dr. Pierce has written a 168 page book,
called " Woman and Her Diseases,"
which will be * sent sealed, in a plain
envelope, on receipt of teu cents to part
pay postage.
: Address, World's Dispensary Mcdi- "
cal Association, No. 663 Main < Street,-
Buffalo/, N;Y»- . ■2
ing westward toward the Kills, seeking the ]
forces of Maceo. No mention is "lade of
any engagement having taken place.
While the military train was passing
along the central trocha, which extends
Irorn Moron to Jucara, in the province of
Puerto Principe, a dynamite bomb which
had been placed on the rails by rebels ex
ploded. Several of the cars were wrecked.
As soon as the explosion occurred the
rebels, who had been in ambush, ma an
a tack on the armored car attached to the
train. This car was defended by twenty- ;
live officers ami men. They resisted the
insurgents .until assistance reached them
from the troops stationed along the trocha
hear the scene of the explosion. The
rebels were then driven off with a loss of
eight killed. - The • Spanish loss was two
killed and an officer and five privates
wounded. •> • .
SAN ANTONIO. Tex.. Nov. 23.— is re
ported here to day that an expedition of
over 200 Texas cowboys is almost ready to
depart from Point Isabel, on the lower
guif coast, near the Mexican line, for
Cuba. The expedition was organized by
an agent of the Cuban insurgents, who
has been in this part of the Stale for seve
ral weeks. A large quantity of arms and
ammunition will be taken by the party.
TRAMPLED TO DEATH BY A CROWD
Great Crowds of People Who Turned Out
to Welcome the Viceroy of India
Become Stampeded.
BOMBAY, India, Nov. 29.— A dispatch
from Kasoda, capital of the State of that
name, gives the details of v fatal accident
which occurred there to-niglit. The Earl
of Eigin. Viceroy of India, arrived at
Baroiea this evening on a visit to the
Gaikwar, or native ruler of the state. The
inhabitants turned out en masse to wel
come the Viceroy and to see a display of
fireworks in his honor. The dispiay was
given in the park of the Gaikwar, which
was open to the public.
Everything t assed off without incident
or note until the end of the ceremonies.
Then the crowd made a rush for the park
gates, which were so narrow that they
L - soon became jammed with people. Those
behind, not knowing the cause oi the de
lay at the exit, pressed forward until the
crush at the gates was terrific. A num
ber of persons were squeezed to death,
while others who lost their footing in the
surging mass of humanity had the life
trampled out of them or died from suffo
cation. When the crowd was finally
cleared nway it was found that twenty
nine persons had been killed and thirty
five others more or less seriously injured.
UNCLE SAM SHOULD ACT PROMPTLY
Foster Says That Unless This Country
Annexes Hawaii Some Other Power
Will Step In.
CHICAGO. 111., Nov. 29.— John "W.
Foster, ex-Secretary of State, and Mrs.
Foster arrived in Chicago yesterday on
taeir way to their home in Washington
from Honolulu. They spent a little more
than two weeks on the islands, and Mr.
Foster's observations continued the belief
which he promulgated as premier of
President Harrison's Cabinet that annexa
tion by the United States is the duty of
= this Government.
"The present Hawaiian administration
is waiting for the inauguration of Presi
dent McKinley to make another effort to
have the islands annexed." sai i Mr. Fos
ter. "Tne constitution under which the
people of the islands are livine: at present
has annexation as one of the main things
to be striven for. The islands were never
in a more prosperous condition than at
present. They are prospering in a busi
ness way, because the last sucar crop was
.an exceptionally good one, and the ad
ministration of President Dole is the best
. o that the people ever had. ■
"It is recognized that the ultimate fate
of the islands, if they are not annexed by
the United States, is that they will be
annexed by some other of the great
powers. It will be impossible for the
» islanders to govern themselves success
fully for any great length of time by the
reason of the clash between the different
elements— Republicans and Royalists and
natives and foreigners. O;ie thing is
settled, and that is that the Queen will
Rever rule again or the monarchy be re-
Btored. So it remains for the United States
'■ to act without delay or some other nation
= will assume power in the Hawaiian
Islands."
UNION OF RAILWAY TRAINMEN.
A Movement on Foot to Have the Members
of All Branches Join in a
.o Common Cause.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Nov. 29.— A mass
meeting of railway trainmen was held
here this evening at Druids' Hall. The
meeting was called by five local lodges of
thd Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen.
W. C. Pierce, secretary of the Trackmen's
Union, presided aud explained that the
purpose of the meeting was to discuss the
feasibility of uniting all organized bodies
of : rai!road workmen.
Second Vice-Grand Master T. R. Dodge
of Chicago was the first speaker. He ad
vocated a general union— not for strikes
and boycotts, but to secure compulsory
arbitration and the enactment of Jaw
lending to better the workers.
T. E. Merriweather, State Labor Com
missioner »f Missouri, m:de a stirrintr
ten-minute speech that aroused the 500
auditors. Oihers made short speecnes and
6 recess was taken.
Upon reassembling at 7:45 p. m. Chair
man Pierce dispensed with ceremony and
calied for short experience talks.
A committee of one from each of the
five branches of the Trainmen's Brother
ho' d was appointed to meet any author
ized body of railway workmen to work
upon a plan of union.
Like meetines were held to-day in J»ud
bury. Pa., and Columbus, Ohio. The plan
most favored for union is for each orancn
of railroad service to maintain its separate
organization, but to send delegates to a
fceneral congress of all railroad labor
unions. This congress should only
assume to deal wit > questions that inter
ested all the workers, such as the secur
in-r o; arbitration Jaws and laws punishing
black-listing, e:c, and should have no
power to order strikes or boycotts.
finally Killed :h.- fiulhf.
AUGUSTA, Ga., Nov. 29— A special
from Salida, S. C, sass: A notorious
character named Buzard was killed ye«
terday by three Hendersons — father and
two sons. Buzard had killed two men
and had shot Willie Henderson about a
year ago. Henderson recovered, but
Buzard has been bullying him on every
occasion s nee. Yesterday they met
Beam, but Henderson resented Buzard's
condnct, and his lather and brother came
to bis rescu-, with the result that Buzard
was shot and stabbed to death* The Hen
dersons were nut arrested.
I'onl Pin,/ .\u
SAXANNAH. Ga., Nov. 29.— Captain
Ten: nletou of the British b:«rk Janet Fer
suson,' now loading at Brunswick, Ga.,
lefl that city Js'ovember 22 for Savannnh
>v rail and ha.s not since been beard from.
Foul piay is suspected.
IN THE DOMAIN
OF THE KAISER
Discredit U Thrown Upon
the Anglo- Russian
Entente.
New Policies of the Czar Said to
B9 Due to the Influence
of Nelidoff.
It Is the Opinio .that Turkey's Sa
tan Will Continue lo Piay
His Game of Deceit.
f Copyright/1896, by the United Associated Presses]
BERLIN, Germany, Nov. 29.— Tbe very
latest advices received here from St. Pe
turg through official channels confirm
the reports contained in yesterday's dis
patches of the United Associated Presses
oi coming changes in the administration
of affairs of the Russian empir», and at
test the correctness of the appointments
mentioned as about to be made. The ad
vices, however, discredit the reports of an
Anglo-llussian i-nientc. The view of the
situation in Russia most generally taken
in official quarters here is that the Czur
has not yet acquired confidence in himself
or in any particular Minister sufficient to
warrant him in venturing upon a change
in the loreign policy established by the
late Minister of Foreign Affairs, Prince
Lobanoff, and that for some time to come
the foreign policy in force in Russia mnst
necessarily be tentative.
In tiie meantime the inliuence of M.
Nelidoff, tie Russian Embussador to Tur
key and aspirant to the Foreign Ministry,
is dominant, which is regarded here as
implying a continuation of Russia's pro
tection of the Sultan, her absolute rejec
tion of ail schemes for European interfer
ence in Turkey, financial or otherwise,
and the action of Russia in the capacity
ot tutor to the Sultan to the end of his
reliance upon Russia until the Sultan ot
the Ottoman Empire shall become practi
cally a vassal of the ( zar. This view is
taken as an explanation of the fact that
the scheme of M. Hanotaux, French Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, for the adjustment
of Turkish nuances has been rejected by
Russia. Concerning this scheme the in
spired St. Petersburg Viedomosti iraukly
says:
"The French proposal to add a Russian
representative to the board cl commis
sioners of the Ottaman debt would be
dearly bought by the sacrifice of Russia's
present exclusive control of Constan
tinople. Ti.e lead taken by tbe late
Prince Lobanoff has been followed by M.
Nelidoff, who has succeeded in wiping out
every European influence ia Turkey.
With England set aside, the Dreiband
now here and the Czar lord paramount at
the Yildiz Kiosi:a, why should Russia do
anything except waits. Instead |of ventur
ing unon war she will be able to dispose at
her pleasure of all tbe resources of Turkey
and garrison the forts of tue Dardanelles
at will and use the name of the Sultan as
Caliph in operating upon ihe Moslems in
Egypt."
TueNovo Vremya, another inspired St.
Petersburg journal, in an article express
ing similar views, says:
"The policy of Russia is not to support
the action of the other powers, but to en
force her own wiil. No matter what
massacres of Armenian and other Chris
tians may occur, the isolated action of
Russia is a practical reality."
The Berlin Government is fully aware
that thiß is the policy of Russia, and is
holding aloof while awaiting develop
ments, Germany well knowing that Aus
tria is ready to strike at an opportune
moment to check the ascendency of Rus
sia in Turkay. The sum of the prc-seut
position is that the Porte, backed by Rus
sia, will continue to play its old game of
de.irsive reforms with impunity.
Commenting upon the enormous ex
ports from Germany to the United Stat s
of artificially prepared wines and inferior
spirits and beers, the Berlin Neuste Nach
richten says that since the passage of the
wine act by the Reichstag in April, 1892,
in regard to the adulteration oi wines and
alcoholic beverages, immense quantities
of liquors have been brought into the
market under the name of wines at such
low prices as to prove it impossible that
they could have been prepared in accord
ance with the law.
"A certain Rhenish firm," the paper
says, "sells annually thousands of casks
of wine in the composition of which there
cannot possibly be anything beyond a
nominal percentage of grape wine, and
other instances of the production of abso
lutely artificial wiaes might be given to
the exhaustion of tue capacity of our
columns."
Tbe Nachricl:ten demands the enact
ment of some remedial legislation imme
diately, and suggests the passage of a law
imposing a heavy tax upon wine manu
facture.
The congress of the Christian Socialists,
which has been in progress at Erfurt for
several.days, attracted considerable atten
tion at the opening of us sittings on Mon
day last, but all, interest in the proceed
ings died out as tbe gaseous and
impractical character of the speeches of
the del';gat a s b.came apparent. Pastor
Nauman, who has now entirely disasso
ciated himself from Dr. Btoecker, formerly
court chaplain and the head and front of
Cm ist.an socialism, delivered a Jong and
ranib.ini; speech advocating the founding
ct a new church, which should be free
from dogma. The Christian Socialists:, he
said, w,;uld yet march shoulder to shoul
der wiin the Social Democrats in support
ot a svscpm of universal conscription, an
increase : of the German fleet and the pol
icy of German colonial '■xp.insioii. Th;
impressiun left by the congres< is that the
Christiaiii Socialist party will ni'ver attain
politica. importance, there being no unity
of opinion within its ranks. Mo^t of the
resolution! adopted were passed by the
hanie vote — 54 against 41.
The communication which have passed
between the Berlin ana Lisbon govern
ments in regard to the report that Grea^
Britain was negotiating frith Poriutrai
with • view of obtaining control of the
Deiagoa Bay Railway have resulted in a
dei'ial on ;he part oi the Portuguese Gov
ernment that any step was taken by them
in that direction and the discovery that
ihe report originated in Pretoria, tue cap
ital of the Transvaal Republic. Concern
ing this report the N^ueste N.;chriehten
a-serts that through the medium of the
Wire* from Pretoria President Kru^er ap
pealed to the G vernmentsof Germany
and France to secure the neutrality of
D lagoa Bay.
The executive committee of the German
Bimetallic Union has issued a circular in
regard io the recent election of McKinley
to the Presidency of the United States,
which says that aome German bimetallists
were of the opinion that the election of
Bryan wouid huve shown the European
btates how the free coinage of silver in
America alone would have oeen a menace
to the trade of the world. Now that Me-
Kinley is elected, the circular adds, the
German bimetallists expect an inter
national bimetallic agreement upon a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1898.
reasonable basis, which Germany must
support.
It is reported that Princess Feodora, the
youngest sister of the German Empress,
is to be married to Prince Maxmilian,
cousin and hei.- to tne Grand Duke of
Baden and an officer in the German array.
Pr-nceMnxmii.au is 31 years ot a^e and
Princess Feodora 22.
The editor of the Frankfurter Z?itune
has been fined 200 marks for refusing to
reveal tbe source of the information
which he publish d in his par er in retard
to the increase of the Government's mili
tary budget and the editor has nivtn
notice of his intention to appeal from the
judgment of the court.
Henry Hilgard, a wealthy Gernian-
American citizen who was visiting friends
in Speyer, Rhenish Bavaria, in October,
promised upon that occasion to donate
the sum of 100,000 marks toward the
building of a childrena' ho3i.ital in that
city with the stipulation that if McKinley
should be elected President of tbe United
States hv should bo reimbursed for the
erection of the hospital out of the pro
ceeds of the institution; otherwise the
money was to be donated as a free gift.
The statements originating from French
sources that the German military camp at
Elsenborn, on the Belgian frontier, is to
be abandoned are untrue. On the con
trary, extensions in the railway communi
cations are about to Le undertaken which
will link Eisenborn with all of the strate
gic lines on the German border.
Frosts are prevailing throughout Ger
many and parly falls of snow in Berlin
and elsewhere give promise of 'a long and
severe winter.
The design of the proposed Wagner
monument at Beyreuth has been tixed
upon. It consists of a temple with a
round cupola on piUars, with a sialue of
Wagner in the center.
Miss Josie Shaw of New York gave a
concert last evening in the Sing Academy,
accompanied by the Philharmonic orches
tra ot Berlin. Tuere was a large attend
ance and the performance was a great
success.
Miss Leonora Jackson, Miss Mary Howe
and Miss Katherine Linn will take part In
a charity concert to be given at the Hotel
de Rome on December 19. Miss Jackson
will perform on the violin.
United States Consul. General Charles
D. Kay a.id lamily have returned from a
sojourn in Itely.
WITH "TYPHUS ANTI-TOXINE."
Experiments That Reveal Some Valuable
Discoveries in Reference to In
fectious Diseases.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Nov. 29.—
United States Consul George Sawter at
Glochau sends to the Department of
State the following account of a report
soon to be published in a German medi
cal journal ijy Professor R. Pfeipper and
Dr. W. Kolle, two well-known bacteriolo
gists of B rlin, giving the effect oi" a num
ber of experiments they have made with
a "typhus anti-toxine."
"If their hopes are confirmed," says the
Consul, "the science of therapeutics in
infectious diseases will have received an
other valuable accession in this new dis
covery. The two experimenters believe
that exemption from typhus germs, like
immunity from cbolera germs and other
contagious diseases of like character, may
be traced back to the existence in the
blood of anti-typfioid substances, and
from this standpoint the very successful
results of the investigations have been
gained.
That this theory is most important and
practical is realized when the vitality of
the typhus bacillus, as discovered by
Koch, Eberth and Klebs, is given consid
eration. The typhoid bacillus is known
to exist largely in well nnd sprinc water,
and the fact that they aro frequently the
direct cause of infection is widely rrcog
nized by authorities on bacteriology.
Consequently this latest very important
discovery is to be greeted with j>>y, as it
may prove in the future tbe means of pre
servine numberless lives from untimely
demise, particularly as man is susceptible
to attacks irom the bacilli during the best,
years of his development— 2o and 25 years.
The inoculations of typhus antf-tox:ne
can be easily and quickly executed and
will prove of great value and benefit, espe
cially in times of epidemic, when the need
of a prompt efficacious life-saving remedy
is most urgent. The entire fruits of the
experiments will soon be published for the
benefit of the medical world.
JORN E. REOMOND TALKS.
"Fifteen Years in the Jtritinh Parlia
ment" lII* Subject.
NEW YORK, N. .Y., Nov. 29.— A large
audience greeted John E. Redmond, M.P.,
at. the Broadway Theater to-Light when
he delivered his lecture, "Fifteen Years in
the British Parliament." • Among those
present were: Judge Fitzgerald, Charles
A. Dana, W. Bourke Cockran and Con
pressman William E. Suizer. Mr. Dana
introduced Mr. Redmond and in doing so
said: "It is not necessary in a meeting of
Irishmen or among those devoted to. the
ancient and holy cause of Ireland for me
to say anything in introducing John E.
Redmond." ' • «
•Mr. Redrrond said after being intro
duced : "I feel that it must appear almost
presumptuous for me to appear before an
American audience to tell them anything
about Pa.liament. Your maL'n'ficeni
press cives you all the news of Parlia
ment." 0
He then proceeded to the delivery of his
lecture, giving an account of his*.experi
ences in Parliament, with sketches of Par
nel), Gladstone. Bright, Churchill, Bal
forir, Disraeli and other Englis'n states
men. ■
TWO CRIMES OM TENNESSEE.
Drunken Men Kill a Widow and a Xearo
Anaults m Oirl.
CHATTANOOGA. Tm., Nov. 29.—Re
ports received at Atben-. Term., contain
meager details of two terrib.e crimes com
mitted near that town, but owing to the
telegraph wires being down between this
city and Athens no news confirming the
stories can be obtained. In North Athens,
an addition to the- town, five drunken
men, ail white, forced their way into the
home of a respectable widow' and made a
savage attack upon her.
One of her assailants threw a rock,
which crusiied her >kuli. She will die as
a result of the in juries.
A few mile* ln>m Athens a 3eveii-year
old girl was ovraken on her war home
from Sunday-school to-day by a neero,
who >*sa ailed her in a most brutal nian
nor. T;ic man has been arrested and con
fessed his .tn!t. He is com lined in tho
County Jail at Aibens. The facts were
learned to-uight from tho trains.
Sfahb-d ! iirin .- t< strrr' Flr/hl
THAMDLEY CANTON. Quebec. Nov.
19.— During a strent fL-h; here iast ni lit
between the Italian* employed on the
public works a:id the town-people two of
the latter were stabbe !. One, Fredprick
Mark, was instantly killed, and another
Dube, in not expected to liv««.. Tb^ Mon
treal police, hiive been notified, but it is
feared the murderers have escaped.
Crimea of a .'.• Cured" Patl-nt.
COLUMBUS, Ohio. Nov.
tendent A. B. Richardson of the State asy
lum for the insane here received a dis
patch from Marion, Ohio, to-night, stat
ing that Henry Powers, a. patient from
Marion, who was placed in the asylum
last March and was so far cured as to be
permitted to return to hia home on a trial
visit on October 15, murdered his wife and
committed suicide to-iiav.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists reiuud tbe money ii it lulls to cure 25c.
JUST LIKE THE
MAYBRICK CASE
Yokohama Society Startled
by a Most Sensational
Poison id g.
Mrs. M. H. Carew Accused of
Causing Her Husband's Death
With Arsenic
If the Clnrga is True the Woman
Must Have Plotted With
Marvelous Ingenuity.
TOKIO, Japan, Nov. 16.— Baron Iwa
saki, one of the wealthiest Japanese mil
lionaires, has accepted the position of pres
ident of the Bank of Japan, in succession
to Baron Kawada. who died quite sud
denly in Osaka. Baron Iwasaki is well
known to all foreigners in Japan and to
many outside Japan, especially Amer
icans. He owns coal ininps, dockyards, a
bank, extensive house property and some
6,000,000 yen worth of the Japan Mail
Steamship Company's shares, besides
beinjr actively engaged in many other en
terprises. His acceptance of the presi
dency of the bank has surprised tbe pub
lic and is universally regarded as a fresh
proof of the cloie relations existing be
tween the present Prime Minister, Count
Matsukata, and the principal business
| men in the country.
Mrs. M. 11. Carew has oeen arraigned in
Yokohama on the charge of poisoning her
husband, who died recently from the
effects of arsenic. The case promises to be
one of the most sensational on record, un
less Mr. Carew poisoned himself, an al
most untenable hypothesis. For if the
defense set np he proved false, and if Mrs.
Carew be found guilty, it will follow that
the crime was plotted with marvellous in
genuity, and that before the poison began
to be a<! ministered, measures to cover up
the tracks of the criminals had been fully
planned and put into operation. Opinions
arc divided in Yokohama, but many re
fu.e to believe in the widow's guilt, and
two of the mo 1 prominent British resi
dents have appeared as her sureties. Mrs.
Caraw'a family occupy a hij;h position in
Glastonbury, Somersetshire, of which
place her father is Mayor.
She has shown remarkable self-posses
sion" throughout nh the painful incidents
since her husband's death, and has sub
mitted with much fortitude to long and
painful examinations and cross-examina
tions. But during the proceedings in
c urt on the 14th in3t., an incident oc
curred that has produced an impression
very damaging to her. A number of
documents that had been received in evi
dence at the inquest and subsequently
transmitted to Ihe court, were hatultd to
her counsel, at his request, for examina
tion. This wa« during a brief recens taken
'by ihe court. When the Judjre resinned
hispince on the bench, the clerk ot the
j court stated that one of the documents
was miasing. Thereupon the doors wen»
closed, and ufter various inquiries here
and tbere. Mrs. Carew was finally
searched, when the document was found
between the cloth sleeve of her dres3 and
the crape cuff.
A resolute attempt has been made by
certain Japanese publications to discredit
the Minister of the Imperial Household.
Their object is to brine about his
resignation, for they believe that a
great part of Marquis Ito's politi
cal influence is due to the facil
ity with which he obtains audience of the
Sovereign, and much of that facility they
attribute to the connivance of the Minis
ter of the Household. Tiiey have not hes
itated to charge the latter with corruption,
abuse of power and successful attempts to
hoodwink the Emperor. This campaign
has failed almost completely, but has been
the means of eliciting some interesting
facts. For example, it appears that rix of
the Meiji statesmen have attained posi
tions carrying with them the privilege of
being received in audience whenever they
visit the palace; that poliical topics are
tabooed at these audiences, except on
very special occasions; that every
peer has the right of memorial zing
the throne, and that, if so de
sired, his memorial must pass sealed into
the Sovereigns-hands; that His Majesty
has eighteen -n. wsprrpers submitted daily
for his ins|>ection— among which the only
English joiunal is tbe Japan Mail— and
iha: the Empress peruses 8; that two
Chamberlains always attend the debates
in the Diet and carry reports direct to the
Sovereign; and that, in consideration of
ins splendid services during the war,
M:\rq.iis Ito received a donation oi 100,000
yen irc-m the Imperial pnrse.
The United States cruiser Boston ran
aground on a sand-spit some twelve miles
outrMe Chemulpo harbor on the si'h of
November, but floated off without damage
on the liis;h tide next morning
Appended is a list of the places at which
United States cruisers are now located:
The Boston at Chemulpo, the Detroit at
Shanghai, the V irktown at Nagasaki,
the O.ympin at Nagasaki, the Machine
cruising coast south of Shanghai, Mona
caey at Tientsin. TheYorktown is expected
to leave for America in January.
Li Hung Chan? is in disgrace for tres
passing in the imperial gardens and has
been sentenced to lose one year's ?alary.
Some embarrassment exists with regard
to the revised treaty between Japan and
Germany. The treaty provides that, from
the dare of thf> exchange of ratifications,
German subjects in Japan shall enjoy the
privileges conferred by the Japanese law
of patents, trade marks and designs. But
no provision has been .made with reference
to the administration of the law. Punitive
clauses are, of course, rmtoilied in the
law, and should be inticte I azainst any
one guilty of infractions. But the Ger- !
man rons. Uar courts lyive no competence
to enfone the observance of such a law,
and the J ipanese courts will n<>: acquire
jurisdiction ovr Germans until 1899. 1 hen
the revised treaties are to go into opera
tion. In practice the omission is of no
great consequence, since German subjects
are most unlikely to violate' Japanese
patents or trade marks. But the affair
will probably involve the resignation or
recall of Viscount Aofci, the Japanese
Minister in Berlin, who negotia ed the
treaty.
The Japanese Diet is convoked for its
tenth session on December the 22nd.
Hong Chong-wo, who murdered Kin
OkSyun in Shanghai, has been promo ed
from the position of Secretary of the
Royal Honse old Department in Korea to
that of Matter of t eremomes. That is
oue of the subltmest burlesques on record.
A foul assassin discharging the functions
of master of ceremonies at a kine'* court!
No wonder that tne monarch of Korea has
to hide for his life in foreign legations.
To round off the savage comedy Vi Be
chik. who attempted to kill Pak Yonti-ho
in Tokio three years ago, succeeds his
moie successful matter in the post of Sec
retary of the Royal Household Depart
ment. The Kint; of Korea ought to im
port a hangman to be Groom of the
Chamber.
A>. the text of Japan's new commercial
treaty with China contains nothing relat
ing to the former's abandonment of the
manufacturing privilege secured by the
Sbioiouoseki treaty it was at xirst supposed
that the Shimonoseki treaty would hold
a ter all and that articles manu.actured in
China by Japanese or other loreigners
wouid- rank with imported goods, and
would constantly be free from any special
taxation. But a protocol has now been
published in which the Japanese Govern
ment distinctly concedes China's rich lo
ta * articles manufactured by Japanese
subjects in China provided only that such
tax shall not differ from or exceed the im
post paid by Chinese manufacturers.
Ihu- Japan has explicitly renounced that
particular privilege. Had she not done so
a nice question migut possibly have
arisen.
It might have been claimed that Japan's
failure to avail herself of ail the provisions
of t c Shimonoseki treaiv did not disqual
ify other powers from taking everything
that the treaty gave, such action being
based on their most favored nation right.
But the protocol jus; concluded in Peking
virtually abrogates the free-manufacture
clause and dispose* finally of any question
in that sense. As for the compensation
obtained by Japan — namely, special' sites
for Japanese settlements In Shanghai,
Tientsin, Amoy and Hankow— it is evi
dently viewed by the Japanese with
much satisfaction.' Until quite recently,
the only powers having settlements
of their own at Chinese open ports were
England and France. Germany made a new
departure last year by applying for aud
obtaining a site for herself in Tientsin,
the success of her demand beinc attributed
by many persons to the service she had
rendered to China in assisting to drive
Japan. out of Liaotung. But Japan will
now stand on the same level as these
creat powers in the matter of settlements-
Ihere can be no doubt mat her position
will be greatly improved in Chrie?e eyes,
and that her commercial opportunities
will be increased.
Some American newspapers appear to
be provided, just now, with correspond
ents in Japan, who forward information
manufactured out of whole cloth. Re
cently the American pub.'icwpre informed
that the town of Kobe had been wiped out
by a confljgration, but Kobe stands to
this day, unharmed by an such catas
trophe.
A later tale represented Japan in the
clutchcb of such a terrible latnine that the
Japanese Government had i-sued permis
sion to destitute parent* to sell their
daughters. The fabricator of this vil
lainous lis wen ton to detail the provisions
«f a law said to have b°en enacted on the
subject, and cave the prices for which
eir.B were selling, with various other de
tails equally false. Thy only way of ac
coumine for this extraordinary series of
falsehoods is that their concoctor con
founded Japan with a province of China,
where the sale of girls is said to have been
resorted to recently by parents reduced to
the verge of starvation. Even that hy
pothesis, however, does not cover the cor
respondent's deliberate inventions about
the aelails of the so-railed law.
MRS. EMMONS BLAINE'S GIFT.
Valuable Organ Given in Memory of Her
Husband to the Presbyter/an Church
at'Richfis/d Springs.
UTICA. N. V.. Nov. 20.-The $15,000 or
gan placed in the Presbyterian church at
Richfield Springs by Mrs. Emmons
Blame in memory of her husband and
their marriage in the church on Septem
ber 25, 1889, was formally presented to the
church and dedicated this afternoon. Mrs.
Blame, her son and the following were
j resent at the ceremony, which took
place at 4 o'clock: Mr. nnd Mrs. Cyrus H.
McCormick and sons, Mis-* Anna Chap
man, Arthur Caton, Fred Keep, Edward S.
Alams. Cyrus Adams of Chicago, Mrs. A.
S. Sullivan; Mi<-s Hammond, Mr. and Mr 3.
Alfred Mason, Mr. and Mrs. John Miller,
James G. Blame Jr.. George I. Sullivan of
Ff«Tf Y"rk, Miss Stanwood. Mr. S'.anwood,
Pniiip Eli of Boston, Mrs. Truxton Bea:e
of Augusta, Me.
W.iher Damrosch arrived at Richfield
Springs on a special train with a quartet
of vocalists from New York this morning
and touk part in the services. Tne en
gagement of Mr. Damrosch to Miss Biaine
was announced at the Blaine-McCormick
wedding.
The note of presentation sent to the
pastor, Rev. George Reynolds, was as fol
lows:
"May I, through you, offer to tho Pres
byterian Church of Richfield Springs the
organ I placed within its walls in honor of
my husoand, Emraons J.laine, to bear his
name always in this place so dear to us
both, and its uplifting strains to be a
memorial of his life. Thanking you for
giving this messaee to the trustees and to
the church, lam, aincerely yours.
Anita McCokmick Blaixe."
SECRETARY ON GRICU LTURE.
Samuel W. Allerton of Chicago Wilt He
Giren a I'ortf'itlio.
CHICAGO, 111.. ~Nov. £9.— "Samuel W.
Allerton will be our next Secretary
of Agriculture and Chicago has got there
again," said C. W.. Baker, the eecretary
of the Nattonai Livestock Exchange, as
he returned last night from a visit to Can
ton. W. H. Thompson Jr., president of
the National Livestock Exchanee; L. B.
Doud, president of the National Livestock
Bank; C. A. Mallory and Joseph Adams,
corumissionmen at the siockyards. had
accompanied him on a visit to the Presi
d-nt-elect to advance the interests of Mr.
Allerton.
"In the disenssion of the matter," said
Mr. Baker, "Mr. McKinley expressed opin
ions as to the general requirements of the
head of the department in full accord
with those of the committee. He said he
had a long and intimate acquaintance
with Mr. Ailerton, and spoke highly of
him as a gentleman and a financier and
business man, and, while he did not tell
the membars of the committee outright
that he would make him a member of hi!
Cabinet, we feel, from the way he treated
the matter, that he would appoint him."
Earning* of the Pennsylvania.
PHILADALPHIA, Pa., Nov. 29.— The
Pennsylvania Railroad Company's state
ment of comparison of earnings and ex
penses for t tie month of October and ten
months of Ife96 with the same periods of
1895 shows the following: Pennsylvania
Riilroad. (lines directly operated), cross
earningVmonth of October, decrease $666,
-400; ten months, tlecrpase $1,4.52,000. Ex
pen, es month of October, uecreuse $463,
-000; ten months, decrea-e $247,100; net
earnings month of October, decrease $203,
-400; ten mouths, decrease $1,204, 90 J.
Jrtriifi Flown Entertained. ■
BALTIMORE. Md. Nov. 28.— The Bal
timore Council of National Jewish
Women to-day entertained some of the
d«lejntes to the National convention in
New YorK, which recently adjourned. A
public nieet.ng was held this morning at
the Eutaw-place Synagogue. Mrs. Henry
bo.omon of Chicago, president of tbe Na
tional Council, made an address and
papers w>re r«-ad by Mrs. Franc of Chica
go, Mrs. Aiman of "Kansas City and Mrs.
Manuheiiuer ot Cincinnati.
Erevii Ilnum Mown Do ten.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Nov. 29,-News comes
from Rniston, on the Arkansas Rivor,
about forty-five miles northeast of ht're,
o!" a destructive cyclone which nearly
wiped out the town. Several persons
were injured and nearly every house in
the plate was blown down.
for Service* Rendered.
OMAHA, Nebb . Nov. 29.— E. P. Rocgen
has sued Henry T. Oxnnrd, tne Nebraska
sugar-maker, for $2000, aliegin* the
amount to be due tor services r.endered
the defendant in South Dakota' in the
interests of his candidacy for the United
States Senate.
STRIKE OF THE
DOCK LABORERS
Employers and Employes
Are Both Confident of
Success.
Warehouse Workers at Ham
burg Join the Men Who
Are Battling.
There Has Been a Griat Delay to
Chartered Vessels, and Demand*
for Damages Will Follow
HAMBURG. Germany, Nov. 29.— The
strike of the dock laborers and others era
ployed in the shipping trade continues,
and both employers and men express
themselves confident of success. There is
no sign of a break in the ranks of tbe
strikers, notwithstanding the importation
of foreign labor.
The leaders of the strike are working
hard to secure the adhesion of all tho
dock, harbor and warehouse employes,
and huve succeeded in gaining many ac
cessions to their number?. The ware
house men and the men employed in the
granaries decided at meetings held to-day
to join the strike in order to procure bet
ter wages fcf themselves and incidentally
to help the men already out.
The strike is causing much delay in the
shipment of water-borne freights. The
sheds are mon- than full of goods await
ing shipment, but there is no telling when
the accumulation will «o forward. Many
of the new men that have been employed
are not at all skilled in tho work, and this
adds very materially to the delay in load
ing and discharging vessels.
It is believed that the claims of chartered
vessels lor damage wiil be large, and if
these are conceded or enforced a heavy ad
ditional expense will be entailed by the
shipping men.
The Hamburg Nachrichten accuses En
glish influences with causing the strike,
and asks the members of the various ath
letic unions to take the places of strikers.
A dispatch received here from Stock
holm says that the dock laborers' union
there held a meeting to-day and decided
that its members should not discharge
cargoes from Hamburg that are loaded by
black laborers.
Emperor William has ordered that a
detailed report be made to him of the
causes and extent of the strike.
Thus far the men on strike have be
haved in an orderly manner, but it is evi
dent that the ship-owners anticipate
trouble of some kind, for they have re
quested the naval authorities at Kiel to
send marines here.
SAME McRUN OLD D EAD.
Cloae of the Carer of trie Clever Artrrtt
at bydney.
SYDNEY, N. S. W.. Nov. 29.— Sadie
McDonald, an actress, died here to-day.
Miss McDonald was 21 years old and left
San Francisco in May last for a tour in
Australia, playing in a "Trip to China
town" and "A Miiic White Flag." Oniy a
few days a«o it was said that the parents
received a Utter from Miss McDonald in
which sue state ( th it s c was in the best
of health and expected to leave Australia
on December 26 for home. Hex parents
live in Brooklyn.
Two Men Killed in a Riot.
MONTREAL, Quebec. Nov. 29.— a dis
patch just received irom Chambly Can
ton, fifteen miles south of this city, says
there were two men killed there last night
during a tight among a gaigof Italians
employed in the ranal works.
Tiie Chief of Police there has wired the
Montreal authorities for assistance to
quell the riot. No further particulars are
obtainable at this hour.
i/iiinrian'.i Condition Critical.
LONDON, Enq., Nov. 29— The phyai
ciati9 of Holloway Jail have pronounced
the health of Dr. Jameson, the leader of
the Transvaal raid, who is undergoing a
sentence of fifteen months' imprisonment,
to be in a very precarious state.
The physicians have previously reported
that Dr. Jameson's health was being
greatly impaired uy his confinement, but
have not, heretofore, admitted that he was
in a critical condition.
lii-pnrture of Hale*.
LONDON, Exc, Nov. 29.— The Prince
and Princess of Wales, who have been the
guests of the Duke and Duchess of Murl
fcorough, a Blenheim Palace, for the past
week, took their departure from Blenheim
to-day.
Their royal Highnesses were escorted
from Woodstock :o Oxford by Oxfordshire
Jlu surs and a detachment of the local
yeomanry corps. Tne ■ military were
neaded by the Dnke of ' Marlborough in
his capacity of lieutenant of cavalry.
I atttl Expiation in a Factory.
PARIS, France. Nov. 29.— An explosion
which caused the death of four wewkmen
occurred to-night in a factory at Nan
terec, seven miles northwest of this city.
T c factory is owned by M. Hademard,
father-in-law of Dreyfus, the Fiench cap
tain who was sentenced to life imprison
ment for selling military secrets to Ger
many.
To Be 3lcCreery'» Rriite.
LONDON. Eng., Nov. 29 —The Morning
Post witl.to-moriow announce the en
f;gement of Mixs Emilia, daughter of Mr.
IcAdam of Sherborne, Dorsetshire to
Walter McCreery, son of A. B. McCrcery
of San Francisco.
litnth of a ( oniiUar Agent.
NASSAU. N. P., Nov. 29. _ Uriah
Anders, for many years Consular Agent
at Abaceo, died suddenly on the 20th inst.
from heart disease.
Gal** on the liritith Coast.
LONDON, Eng., Nov. 29.— A great deal
of damage has been done to shipping by
he heavy gale which prevailed alone the
Life
Is misery to ihousauds of people who have the
taint cf scrofula in their blood. For this ter-
rible affliction there is no remedy equal to
Sarsaparilla
The best— fact the One True Blood Purifier.
Hnr»rl'« Pill« cure Liver Ills; easy to
i lUUU » rilis take, easy to operat«,2sc.
British coasts to-day. The island of Jer
sey has been visited by a heavy fall of
snow.
BRANCHES FIGHT FOR LIFE,
Union Pacific Bondholders Gire Up Mope
of Pattina a Funding Bill.
DENVER. Colo.. Nov. 29. — Receiver
Trumbull of the Gulf Railroad admitted
yesterday that the purpose of the visit of
General Granville M. Dodge to Colorado
was to look over the system with a view to
preparing at once to take the various lines
of the Guif system out of the hands of the
court.
The Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf, the
Denver, Leadville and Gunnison, the
L-nevenne and Northern, the Denver and
Pacihc, ihe Denver. Texas and Fort
■? v * nd the ( - olor odo Central railroads
will be joined into one compact system.
It is said to be an open secret in railroad
circ.es that Genera! Dodge and other large
holders of Union P.iciric stock and bonds
have given up all hope of passing the Pa
cific fundins bill. The Union Pacific
with its immense debt, will be thrown on
the hands of the Government, and all of
the branches are now righting for separate
corporate existence.
folxoned a' a Mlwf Wtdding.
HOLIDAYSBURG, Pa., Nov. 28.— The
number of guests who wero poisoned at
the silver wedding anniversary banquet
at the home of A. B. Stuart in Franks
town Township yesterday has been in
creased from forty to sixty. The Stuart
residence was converted into n hospital
last night for thirty-two guests who were
too ill to be removed to their own home*.
To-day the many victims are reported to bs
slowly recoverins. The presence of arscu
nical substance in the chicken sandwiches
has been detected, and a portion of the
flesh has been sent to Dr. C. H. Dudley,
president of the American Cnemical So
ciety, for an analysis.
Grand Army tna-imnment.
BUFFALO, N. V., Nov. 29.— General
T. S. Clarkson of Omaha, comniander-in
chief of the Grand Army of tne Republic,
arrived in this city to-day. At the meet
ing of the executive committee to be held
to-morrow afternoon the date of the
forthcoming Grand Army encampment
will be determined. The local committee
favors the week commencing August 22,
1897. General ClarKson is accompanied
by his aids. Captain H. E. Palmer and
Captain A. Trainor, both of Omaha. A
public reception will be given in their
honor to-morrow evening and a banquet
on Tuesday evening.
The Superintendent a Defaulter.
NEWARK, N. J., Nov. 29.— H. L.
Humphrey, superintendent of the Build
ers' and Traders' Exchange in Clinton
street, is accused of embezzling the funds
of the exchange. Thus far the shortage
has reached $1000, and his books are still
under examination. Humphrey is ill and
under surveillance at his home here.
lioektn ii kcr.i Combine.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Nov. 29.— The
leading lockmakers of the country are
said to have formed a new combination to
regulate the prices of locks in general,
but more particularly trunk locks, on
which it is claimed that prices have been
ruinously low during the pust two or three
years.
Ctnar-Maker* Hill Strike.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Nov. 29.— Tbe
Spanish cigar-makers employed by Buskin
& Co., one of the largest cigp.r manufac
turers of this city, met to-day and decided
to strike on Monday against a reduction
in wages of $2 per thousand.
Colonel .Stump Return*.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 29.— Colonel
Herman Stump, United States Commis
sioner of Immigration, who has be'en
abroad studying the immigration ques
tion, returned to-day. He refused to ta/fc
regarding his trip and its results.
PoiCffpr Exnlosintt in a Mine.
NELSONVILLE. Ohio. Nov. 29. — a
powder explosion took place this morning
in tne mines of the Hocking Valley Coal
Company. Two men named Mulone and
Sheldon- were fatally injured.
Death of I'rofenaor Boaz.
CHARLESTON", S. C, Nov. 29.—Beau
re^arde Boaz, the professor "of mathematics
and' astronomy in the College of Charles
ton, died this afternoon 1 after a short ill
ness. ;■•.*• '• o■> o- -'I'pp:
Henrt/ Watternon Return*.
NEW YORK. N. V., Nov. 29.-Henry
Watterson was among the passeneers
who arrived on the steamer St. Ptiul yes
terday.
I'-°^' ,-.. 'MW TO-DAT. P°„ . o '
This is the kind of argument some dealers
use, but it convinces no one.
°We believe in saying little
and doing much — few 1 words, i
but many deeds. .. J
This — neatest, most styl-
ish, Men's All- Wool Suits, Over- *
coats and Ulsters ; made to give
satisfaction— as well and
wear as well as if made to order; '
at half the made-to-order price.
Our. price this, week, $10. °
Pressed and altered free.
sty
Mall orders attended to with care and
promptness. :. ' . ■ -
THE SUCCESS of THE SEASON
The GRILL -
ROOM
PALACE HOTEL.
Direct Entrance from Market St.
upkn UATiXt *ii>jjn;m.
EuisCTIIIC SIEXjTjS
l Wil -ffm AflWt i, •■* *«* ROWI th lnS3 prop. "
'tßTffi'iTM' * r • CT y Riad °: but thera U
42t®f±§!M&My§ik. no sense In paying a hi?i» /
- '*—'-' *-^ * JiW I )rico , ' or a Poor anicla
■WBi^"j\«'-t. "" iJ3I sinl P l> ' because sotno ad-
M?)s?rtJffKfe3^^ vertislng "quack" ao- -
.SgjgcGliaferTnWS^ mands it. U y no B»i; "
r^ffijjr^Kg^vt'- miyou see Dr. Plerce's.
I /?T SKfr^rr '■■'&- Book Free. Call or
*" <j£t-i, address 1)U. ■■ PIKi.OK
"-s.# . . ; *SO>i,.7o4S»crameuLo
Branch Office 640 Mwlse* bL.Tf.^ eftrojr * * * .MGR. MARTINELLI'S
FIRST CHURCH VISIT
Celebrates Pontifical High
Mass at St. Augustine
Edifice.
Keeps a Promise Made in Rome
." to Pay a Call on the
Pastor.
Pretty Decorations of Yellow and
White and Draped Flags in Honor
cf the Papal Delegate.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 29.-The Most
Rev. Sebastian Martinelli, papal delegate
to the United States, spent to-day as the
guest of the Rev. Thomas F. Gregp, pastor
of the Church of St. Augustine, Franklin
avenue and One hundred and sixty
seventh street, Morrisiania. He arrived
in this city from Washington at 3 o'clock
yesterday afternoon and will return to
Washington Monday. Mgr. Martinelli is
prior-general of the Augustine order, but
his visit to o St. Augustine, the first visit he
has made to any church in this city, was
(f.ot because of tho order. It was simply
• ■ fulfillment of a promise made to
J ;her Gregg in Rome on the day after he
ivas appointed delegate that he would
risit l)r. Gregg's church when he first
came to the city.
ihe front of the cnurch was draped with
immense American flags. The spacious
interior 1 was hung with the papal colors,
yellow and white, intermingled with the
flags of many nations. The altar was
covered with yellow and white chrysan
themums.
Mgr. at half-past 10 o'clock
this, morning sang the solemn pontilical
mass, assisted by about twenty-five of tue
clergy of t^e city. The delegates' throne
was -.hun°g with yellow and white satin.
Th£; musi<? was Gounod's Solemn Mass.
Father Geraghty preached the sermon on
VReal -Presence.'' Father Gregg followed
•wkh =a- few words, thanking the delegate
forl-the honor conferred on him and the
people of St. Augustine's Church.
■;.-At..l o'clock dinner "was served in the
rectory/ Ten of the different religious
ori^ers'pf the. city and many of the promi
rien*t;churche°s.wer& represented. Among
the y;sit.in.^ ciergy were: Archbishop Cor
•iCiga'n-,. JBJev fc °.J.- M. Connolly, secretary;
■Right -Rev/M. STons. Sharetti, auditor of !
the ra'rj.ai : Legation,° who accompanied the
"delegate" from* Washington; Right Rev. |
Abbott; -El Orook, Dean McKenna, Chan
ce;!; lor : Co I ton- ot St. John's College.
o At 4:30. p. m. Mgr. Mar:inelli gave the
•l'apaj benediction to those who have been
co.nduc.ti.ng the mission in the parish.
"•".'• • ' Vr — ♦
TH E CLEEN IN AMERICA.
Pppe X.eo.,Ha* Axltetl Cardinal JSntolli
'* ■> > o Jo a ice a o Report. ' '-' '°
%R o OME. Italy, Nov. 29.— 1t c is reported
■ a't-*the Vafica-n^that the .Pope has ordered 1
• Cardinal, \JSatolli, late Papal delegate to
the United States, to make a report of the 1
situation of the clergy in o America. c Ac
cording.to the report, his| Holiness charged
Tardiiial batolll to propose such measures
Relative to the subject a3 he might deem
iSecessary. It is o expected that Cardinal.
Gibbons will come to Rome to discuss the
question under advisement and to further
.'enljg-bten the Pope as to the best means of j
■improving the situation of the American
cfe°rgy."' After all o the data is at hand and
digested, it is probable that the Pope will
, encyclical on the subject. °
«
TO ; « SERVE THE PROPAGANDA. J
IstahQP'l%.rane on the Way to Rome, Where
. ■■ ,'c lie- Will Jtec-iee the J'allium. 0
' BALTIMORE. Md., Nov. Bishop J. j
Keane, late» Rector dll the Catholic Cni
versfty at Washington, D. C., arrived here
fast evening and "called 0 on Cardinal Gib
bons. °*As° Jhe Cardinal was obliged to go
to Westminster last night Bishop Keane
went to" Washington 'lo spend Sunday..
He may remain there till Mgr. Martinelli, •
the Papal delegfrte.creturns to New York,
af4er which the Bishop will proceed to
Rome/where he is goin^in response to an
invitation troni. the Pope.
. Since the retirement from the rector-
Birip of the univerBity Bishqp Keane has
been staying with friends in San Jose,
Cal. He will, it i # understood, receive the
pallium of Arch bishop and be attached to
the Propaganda. ' F 'V ;
CORBET T RESUMES TALKING.
Will Not Believe That lanky Desires to
Fight Hrfn Until He Appears in
the Ring. o „
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 29— James .7.
Corbett*is in town. He says: "I have
my own opinion about Fitjsimmons and j
' :. is burning de-ire to c fight me. ,1 cannot
; .ake myself Jjeiieve he is in earnest and
never will until,,! see him in the ring. I j
nm awfully disappointed at the Brooklyn j
folks forbidding us to meet at Coney
Island. I was°sure v,e wpuld come to
gether, and only signed after some influ
ential men gave it as their opinion that
vre could box.
"I don't know just how to turn at this
mom-eat in reference to meeting Fitz- j
Simmons. Warren Lewis has a $5000 1
tuarantee posted with AI Smith to pull
the contest off at Coney Island, and I shall:.
{,-ive him a few days' time to try to patch
matters up and show the police we do not
intend enpa^in<x in a prizefight.
"However, I have every hope of meet
ing Fitzsimmons in this vicinity. Why,
I was offered a $27,000 purse to-night to \
box Fitzsiiumons on Broadway, and later j
lia<i an increased offer from another or
ganization. This shows thera are some
people v.-bo can box in. this city, and why
shouldn't we? We are not slugger?, and
our contest could uot degenerate into a
brutal contest.
'I -aw Dan Stuart's 115,000 offer, but I
think we are worth more than that, and I
propose giving other people a fair chance
to bid. But I will fight Fnzsimmons be
fore Stuart's club as a last resort.
"Just to show Fitzsimrnons I have no
choice in the matter of ciubs he can sign
with any one bidding for the contest and
I will attach my signature to the articles
immediately. Fitzsimnions talks too j
I■■.<:h1 ■■.< :h about fighting to a finish. If lie did
•%'-s of it we would get more money."
Harvard uud I'itle.
BOSTON, Map? , Nor. 29.— The athletic
committee will take no steps in regard to
a renewal of athletic^ intercourse with
Yaie until tue latter college shall have
taken all the necessary initiatory steps.
The Yale students will iiold a meeting
Monday night, at which, it is expected,
some action will be taken. Whatever may
be decided upon will be considered by the
Harvard athletic committee at its regular
meeting Tuesday night. When the com
mittee reports a decision it will announce
an official decision.
Haieball at JjOB Anaetea.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 29.— The
Los Angeles nine defeated the Trilbys
(colored) at Athletic Park this afternoon
by a score of 16 to 7. Knell and Lohrnan
were the battery for the winners and Shaw
and Carroll forthe Trilbys. They played
for a wager of $100 a side.
URUGUAY REBELS VICTORIOUS.
Defeat a Force of Federal Troops Under
General Muniz Sent in Tneir
Pursuit.
NEW YORK, N. V., Nov. 29.— The
Herald's special from Buenos Ayreb
says: Alarming reports have been re-"
ceived from* Montevideo, Uruguay,
which show that the revolu
tion in that Republic has not yet
been suppressed, and that the Federal
troops have met with disaster at the hands
of the insurrectionists, who crossed the
Brazilian border into Uruguay.
President Bordeaux has received a dia
patch from Cerro Largo, near the Brazilian
frontier, which says that General Muniz,
the Uruguayan commander who pursued
Saraiva, overtook the latter and was de
feated in a battle which followed.
General Muniz is reported to have
been taken prisoner. His son, who was
captured on the frontier some days ago,
is dead. It is not known wh»thor he was
killed by tne orders of Saraiva. .
His body was found by a party making
a reconnoisance near Villa de Cerro Largo,
in the ruins of a house which had been
burned by the rebels. Tbo body was
charred, but it was recognized aa that of
young Muniz.
FLATH WILL PROTEST.
The Senator Does A'ot Want Certain Art/-
Yorker .« in the Cabinet.
CANTON, Ohio, Nov. 29.— Major Me-
K.inley attended the English Lutheran
Church this morning with Mrs. McKinley
and they dined this afternoon with his
mother. Ex - Representative John R.
Thomas of Metropolis, 111., was the only
caller of importance. °
Mrs. li. Estby t and daughter, 0 who are
walking from Spokane, "Wash., to New
York c to advertise a Denv.er publication,
were received by Major"McKinley to-night
on their route East.
Cabinet gossip is becoming more ani
mated and copious as the days wear on.
There is a renewal of the talk about Gen
eral R. A. Alger for .Secretary of War.
Some of his friends have been here within 0
the last week and it is known that Major
McKinley thinks very highly of him. The
name of Senator Allison connected with
the post of Secretary of State will be a
good deal talked about in the next ten
days. Andrew D. White of New York is
still discussed for the same place. A New
York Republican o who passed through
here to-day is autnorlty for the statement
that Thomas C. Platt of New York thinks
of going to Canton within a Jew weeks to
have a talk with Major McKinley and
enter his protest against the recognition
of certain men in his own State whom he
thinks unfriendly to him. 0 o s"
SHOT BY MASKED MEN.
Bandits Wound a Count;/ Treasurer and
\ .. . ° . Jjoot Hl* Vaults.
o DALLAS, Nov. 30.— At the hour
of rnidnie^t five pistol shots in rapid suc
cession in the vicinity of the Courthouse
attracted the police to that building. . . ,
W. E. Coe. • County Treasurer, was
found in his office with blood streaming
from a wound in the back of the head, He
was in a dazed condition.
0 He said chat ho had been working very
late in order to get the .office in shape to
resign in favor of his successor. At mid
night two men appeared and one placed
a gun to his temple and ordered him to
open the vault. " ■>':.. •' °°
He did so, and all the valuable papers
ana contents of the inner vault were ex
amined by one of the robbers. .
Alter placing a .considerable sum of
money in a canvas sack the robbers with-'
drew from the vault. ; Coe seized his pistol
and shot at the robbers. 0
The latter returned the fire, hlttine the
Treasurer in the back of the head, inflict
ing a bad scalp wound.
The Treasurer says the robbers secured
$6000, and he is confident that he shot and
badly wounded ohe of his arsnilantsj The
police force and a large number .of depu
ties, "with bloodhounds, are on the trail of
the robbers. ° • ■ • •
Gatpipen for Weapon*.
CAICAGO, 111., Nov. 29.— Three men
carrying. gaspipes entered George Lauter
bach's saloon at 22 North State street to
night, beat the proprietor unmercifully
wiih th«»:r blunt weapons and escaped
after looting the cash register. Lauter
bach recovered as they were passing out
through the door and* fired several shots
at them. He then fell again and is now
confined at his home suffering from
several wound? on the head.
lUillm to Tie llropened. ..■
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Nov. 29.— The
Ohio Sttel Company will start its large
plant to-morrow, and, it is expected, will
rim steadily until the holidays. It is re
ported that an order has been received by
the company for 1.0,000 tons of steel Lil
lets, which will be used in making wire
nails. The Brown-lionnell Iron Company
and the Mahoning Valiey Iron Company
will have nearly all their "mills in opera
tion during the coming week.
■><■«!> York Hove- Ureedert.
. ROCHESTER, N. > Nov. 29.— There
will be a meeting of the New Yoric Breed
ers' Association here to-morrow. ., It is be
lieved that the most important business
to be transacted at this meeting, will be
looking to a reorganization and to the
holding of a breeders' meeting exclusively
in New York City.
°. • o '■ :■ ' — — • -*- '„ -
Minnesota* IClrrtion-Jielurhi.
ST. PAUL, Minn., Nov.. 29.— The, .foot
ings of the Minnesota election returns in
the hands of <he Secretary of State are ns
follows: McKinley 193,501?, Bryan 139,(i20,
Palmer 3230, Levering 43G5, Malcbett^Ss.
The State Board of Canvassers does not
formally pass upon returns until
Tuesday, December^ls.
Oenernl H*rr4>n «ir*» a Reception.
DTTBUQUE, lowa, Nov. 29. — Major
.General .Francis J. Herron ai New York
icas tendered a public reception last night
by the Governor's Grays and members of
hisold command bearing this name, which
was the first company to volunteer after
the firing on Fort Suraier.
l>"ith oft Xoted I'hiixirlnn.
HARTFORD, Co.vx., Nov. 29.— Dr. Pick
ney Webster Elsworth, one of the best
known physicians of the city and brother
of ex-Goyercor Elswortb, died at his home
here to-day. Dr. Elsworth was born on.
December 5, 1816, and for the last forty
yeurs has practiced medicine.
Vith rrinee i-t/if/i on Board.
HALIFAX, N. H., Nov. 29— The Italian
cruiser Cliristof oro Colombo with Prince
Luigi of Savoy on board arrived here this
aiternoon from Boston.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
DESCRIBES THE
DYING SYMPTOMS
Strange Suicide of a Young
Man in a Chicago
Hotel.
Takes an Ounce of Laudanum
and Then Writes About
Its Effects.
First Destroys All Marks on His
Clothing That Might Lead to
Identification.
CHICAGO, Ixx., Nov. 29.— After de
stroying all marks on Mb clothing which
could in any way lead to his identifica
tion, a well-dressed man about 30 years
old committed suicide at the Kimball
Hotel, 262 Clark street, last night, by tak
ing poison. He described the effects of
the drug in writing until his hand could
no longer hold the i>encil. The body was
not 'found until late this afternoon, death
having resulted some time previously. In
his efforts to destroy any clew which
might lead to his identification he forgot
two articles which indicate that he was
from the East. A small mirror found in
the hand of the dead man bears the stamp
of a firm in Rochester, N. V., and the
memorandum-book In which he described
the manner of his death contains the
trademark of A. W. McCloy & Co., 443
Wood street, Pittsburg, Pa.
The police believe that he has lived in
one or the other of these two cities and
that the existence of the two articles will
eventually lead to his identification. The
trademarks on his clothing, even to his
hat and shoes, were effaced. He engaged
a room at the hotel last evening and regis
tered as E. L. Bryan, although the po
lice are of the opinion that this is not his
name. When found the body was lying
diagonally across the bed and the mem
orandum-book and pencil were near by,
having evidently fallen from hiß hand.
Before taking the drug he wrote a let
ter to the hotel proprietor and another to
the press, in which he gave no cause for
his act other than that bis life had ter
minated in failure. In both those letters
he had some humorous remarks.
He continued his description of the ef
fects of the drug until his strength bad
failed him and some of the last of it could
not be deciphered. As much of it as could
be made out is as follows:
'•To M. D.^Drank one ounce of laud
anum. After five minutes feel little or
no pain. Heart action now pronounced.
A slight pain in stomach.
"(Note) — My stomach is very week; hav
ing suffered for years from actue dyspep
sia.
"Ten minutes — Condition alicut the
satfne. Pulse rapid and pains in wrists
and slight pain in region of heart. Hand
trembles. A feeling of dullness with more
pain in all parts uf the budv.
."(Note) — Will keep up this description
o\ effects as long as possible. Hope it will
be of use to medical science. Eyes show
change. A feeding of drowsiness corning
on. A sort of a feeling of intoxication ac
companied" by slight fever.
"20 rain. —Pain increasing. A slight
perspiration started. Am getting sleepy.
Have a sort of numb feeling and no pain."
The last few seritences were scarcely
legible, so unsteady had the writer's hand
become, and although he attempted to
write a few more lines it could not De made
out.
The clothing of the dead man was of
good material and the police think that
he may be well connected. No money
was found. He was about 30 years of age,
5 feet 9 inches tall and weighed about 150
pounds. He was smooth shaven and had
brown hair and blue eyes.
The words of the final bulletin became
larger as the end of the bulletin was
nearert. They were scrawled so as to be
almost beyond deciphering, and their
completio.n was evidently tue final effort
of the fiuicide. The other statements
which weie in the memorandum were un
doubtedly written before the drug had
been taken, as they were in a clear, bold
hand. The letter to the hotel proprietor
reads: . •
"7\> the Man thai keeps the hotel — Dear
Sir: I am awfui sorry to cause you this
annoyance. You will get some undesira
ble advertising out of it, and upon the
whole it won't pay you. Still such things
must occur sometimes. In o all sincerity I
hope you won't think I would nave
harmed your hou<e for«any motive except
accident. Regretting the trouble I cause
you and trusting that you will regard the
incident as trilling, I am, sir, with deep
regrets, no more. E. L. Bryan.
'•No relation of W. J."
THe man started lo write a second letter
In the notebook, but changed his mind
after starting it, scratched it out with his
lead pencil and recommenced on a hotel
letter-head. The letter is as follows :
"7Vj cji.v Old Authority, Newspaper, (kro
ner, etc. : Tllis is just a case of •shuttling off
this mortal coil,' or attemptine to do so,
for one can never be sure* that the most
carefully laid plans will be successful and
this, like almost every act of myiife, is
carpi»ss and bundling so far.
"Who ami? My name is on the regis
ter downstairs. I have no friends. • lam
glad of that, for there will be .no mourners.
Byron said his one regret was that he left
nothing that caused a tear. My case is
the same, but I don't regret it at all.
People die sometimes atid others are glad.
Well, I am glad that in my case nobody
will be made either happy or unbappy .
"Do with me— oh, most anything. Just
don't bother to look for .'rienda. You
could not find any with a searchlight or
microscope. Of course the reason I haveirt
any friends is because I've been bad.
Well, maybe so, maybe not. The world is
a big place. Students of right and wrong
are different. Circumstances often com
pel action without consulting diseases. I
have known both success and failure,
tasted life* sweetest and bitterest -portions
and drained them to the dregs.
"The rap of life at the threshold of ex
istence, hopelessly handicapped by bad
health, by injustice and by disappoint
ment, I give up the struggle. I die be
cause I cannot live. Please leave me alone
just as I am. 1 have drunk* one ounce of
laudanum. I presume this will be
enough." •
On the cover oT tne memorandum book
was fcund the name of the firm of A. W.
McCloy & Co., PiUsburg, from whom it
had been purchased. From this it is
thought by the Central police that the
man may have come from Pittsburg. This
is the only clew to his Lome, as he came
to the Kimball Hotel on Saturday after
noon at 5 o'clock and registered as E. L.
Bryan, giving his address as Chicago.
He was shown to a room on the second
floor. This was at 5:30 o'clock on Satur
day evening and he was not seen alive
after this.
The man appeared to Clerk Cathcart to
be nervous, but nothing was thought of
his manner. He was well dressed, wear
ing a black diagonal suit. The first sus
picion that something was wrong was
raised when the housekeeper noticed the
light burning in his room.
She notified Manager E. F. Sweet, who
went to the room with a porter. The door
was locked. As it was next to the fire
escape the porter was directed to climb to
the room by this means.
Lying stretched out on the outside of
the bed was Bryan, dressed. The body
was taken to Robinson's undertaking
rooms on Adams street.
It is now thought the suicide's name
waa Edgar Lytle, supposed to be from
Pittsburg. To-night an express receipl
was found which showed that E. L. Bryan
had shipped by the Adams Express from
Pittsburg, Pa., November 18, one telescope
valise to Chicago.
The Adams Express office in this city
was visited to-night and the valise be
longing to the dead man was found. It was
opened and found to contain, beside a
quantity of clothing, an excellent photo
graph of the dead man and a number of
visiting cards engraved "Edgar Lytle."
One suit of clothes was made by Pitts
burg tailors and another by Burton C.
Stout, Wheeling, W. Ya. Both coats bore
the name of Edgar Lytle on a tab under
the collar.
While there were no letters or papers of
any kind in the valise tbe marks on the
clothing ana the photograph and cards of
the dead man made it apparent that he
was Edward Lytle, and not E. L. Bryan,
as his- signature on the hotel register
would indicate.
NEWS OF MARE ISLAND.
The Little Petrel Soon to Sail for the
Ch/nese Station— Repairs on the
Warships.
VALLEJO, Cal., Nov. 29.— The monitor
Monterey was hauled from the coal wharf
out to one of the buoys Saturday morning,
thereto adjust compasses. It will steam
down to Raccoon Straits to await further
orders from the department. No instruc
tions as to the future movements of the
monitor are given.
The Petrel is ready for sea and its of
ficers detailed. As soon as the vessel is
commissioned stores and coal will be put
aboard. China is its expected destina
tion. The crew will be taken from the
Adams on the arrival of the latter from
Honolulu.
The Baltimore, Concord, Charleston and
Pensacola have each a force of men em
ployed on various repair?. It will be
eonse months before either vessel leaves
the yard. The Concord will be the tirst to
co of the ships under repair. Tire monitor
Monadnock can be sent away at short
notice.
ASTORIA GIRL'S ADVENTURE.
Falls to the Bottom of a Well Forty Feet
Deep and Is Rescued Uninjured
a Half- Hour Later.
ASTORIA, Or., Nov. 29.-Miss Rene
Win. eldest daughter of John Wirtof this
city, had a most miraculous escape from
death this afternoon. The young lady
went to a well on her father's property to
draw a bucket of drinking water, and
while so engaged lost her balance and fell
in. The well, which contained seven feet
of water, was nearly forty feet deep ani
only livo feet in diameter. But, strange to
say, Miss \Virt was unhurt in falling.
Upon returning to the surface of the water
she clung to the sides of the well for
nearly a half-hour until help arrived,
when she was quickly hoisted to tlie sur
face.
Tacoma lonng 3len Mining.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 29.— Paul Bates,
•on of Ansel Bate 3, a prominent politician,
and Carl Cheneen, superintendent of ioad
ing hulls at the Tacoma Mill Company,
are supposed to have been drowned. They
left Vashon Island, six miles distant, for
old Tacoma at 9 o'clock on Thanksgiving
night and have not been beard from since.
A strong cold northerly breeze was blow
ing at tlie time, and it is supposed their
yacht, a small frail craft belonging to
Bates, capsized. A careful search was
made along the water front the last two
days, but the missing boat or its occupants
were not found.
Accidentally .Shot While Hunting.
LOS ANGELES, Cat... Nov. 29. -Richard
Schub6rt accidentally shot himself in the
left arm to-day while hunting at Nigger
Slough, fifteen miles from this city. He
was propelling a boat and had a shotgun
resting in his lap. The boat struck the
shore violently, causing the gun to slide
down and strike the Jiammcr against a
board and explode the charge, which en
tered his arm near the shoulder, tearing
away the flesh and severing the arteries.
He bled for four hour< before medical as
sistance could be given him. It is feared
he will die.
fTamhinfftott'i (Irnin Output.
OLYMPIA. Wash.. Nov. 2!).— Perry \V.
Lawrence, chief State grain inspector, in
his lirst biennial report to the Governor,
just tiled, saya that from September 11,
1895, to August 31, 189G, the to.al number
or carloads 01 wheat inspected at different
point;; on arrival was 8370, or f,,500,000
bushels; total number of onrloads oats
1178, or 800,000 bnshels; carloavis of bariey
988. or 250.00U bushels, rnakint* a total of
9917 carloads, or G 500.000 bushela o! grain:
Death of a Mlritiah Diplomat.
•LONDON, EVO, Nov. 29.— The death is
annouueed of Baron Saviile, who for sev
eral years held high diplomatic appoirt
ments. He was British Aiinisterto Saxony
from 1886 to ISW, to the Swis* Confedera
tion ISG7-68, to Belgium 1868-83 and to
Itulv I^B3-87. He was born i,» 1819 and
was created a Baron in 1888, with special
remainder in default of male issue to John
. y aville-Lumley.
"Who Shot SeUon?
M. Jules Clan»tie. in his weeKly contri
bution to the leading evening paper, re
ferring to the Trafalgar commemoration,
discusses the Question, Who shot Nelson?
It has generally been stated in France
that the great admiral was hit by a Pro
vencal topman, who then descended on
deck shoutine. shouting in his patois, "Ai
tua, Ai tua Nelson." M. Jules Claretie,
howovex, has unearthed the •'Memories
ac Robert Guillemard. sergent en re
trnite," a little-known book. In this he
found a full description of Nelson's death
written by Guilieniard, the very ma:; who
tired the fatal shot wuich laid low tlie
Britisli hero. Guillemard was in one of
the tops of the Redoutable, surrounded by
dead and dying men. Suddenly he saw a
one-armed otlicer, whose breast was cov
ered with decorations, on the quarter
deck or the English snip Victory, and he
fired at him, not knowing that he was the
admiral. Observing great commotion on
board the Victory, Gnillernard left his
po^t and told his commander what he
had dove and seen. This Guillemard wu?
a native of the district near Toulon, and
obtained no special distinction for his act,
out served on until promoted in due time
to sergeant's rank.— London Telegraph.
There is a smaller percentage of light
gold coins afloni In London than anywhere
else in the United Kingdom.
STONED TO DEATH
BY HIGHWAYMEN
Louis Maverick Slain by
Two Negro Desperadoes
for Robbery.
Capture and Confession of One
of tbe Criminals Cause
Wild Excitement
Strategy and Prompt Action by Officers
Prevents a Storming of the
Jail and Lynching.
CHICAGO, 111., Nov. 29.— Louis Maver
ick, the proprietor of a boarding camp on
the drainage canal near Lemont, was
attacked by two colored highwaymen in a
deserted portion of Summitt, soutnwest of
this city last night, robbed and stoned to
death.
The crime resulted in the wildest excite
ment at Lemont, and hundreds of citizens
started out to assist the police in capturing
the men. This afternoon Henry Rooker
and John Lattimer, both negroes, were
arrested on the drainage canal not far
from Summitt and lodged in jail. Rooker
afterward confessed, and when this was
rumored about, a mob collected and it
was with difficulty that the authorities
protected the prisoner from violence.
The excited citizens threatened to force
an entrance into the jail where the two
men were locked up and lynch them. The
streets in the vicinity of the jail
growing crowded with excited men, and
the authorities fearing that violence
would be committed, separated the two
prisoners. Rooker was hurried out through
a rear way and taken to the Willow
Springs jaii, and in order to quiet the mob
it was aiven out that there was no certainty
of the guilt of the prisoners. By 10 o'clock
the crowd bad dispersed.
Last evening Maverick, accompanied by
his nephew, was walking along a tow path
in Summitt. Rooker ana Lattimer, who,
i.t is claimed, were concealed behind some
shrubbery, attacked them- and began beat
ing them with stones. Maverick r s nephew
fled, but the latter received a blow on the
bead which rendered him senseless. As
soon as the police were notified of the
assault they went to where Maverick was
wbeu the attack was made and found his
body lying across the path. His head
and body were severely bruised where he
had been peijed with the stones. Officers
and citizens were sent in every direction
and Rooker and Lattimer were captured.
The nepnew of the dead man identified
them and when Roofcer was confronted
with this he gave up and made a full con
fession. He charged Lattimer with hav
ing killed Maverick, and admitted that
they divided $30, the proceeds of the
robbery.
LIME POINT BATTEEY.
Inspection of the Works by General
Forsyth— Another Fort on Tn.it
Side of the Channel.
General James W. Forsyth, TJ. S. A.'
(commanding the Department of Cali
fornia), Colonel A. S. Kimball (quarter
master), Major Davis (Engineer Corps)
and Lieutenant J. l-'ranklin Bell (staff of
General Forsyth) boarded the Govern
ment "steamer McDowell' yesterday and
paid a visit to the new fortifications at
Lime Point. One twelve-inch breech
loading rifle is already mounted there,
on.l another gun of the same pattern is on
the ground and wiil soon be placed in
position. The subject of caring for the
fortifications in the absence of a regular
garrison was considered.
The engineer examined and selected the
ground for two more forts on that side of
the channel, but lor good and sufficient
reasons it is deemed best to keep the exact
location a secret at the present. It is pro
posed, however, to carry out the vast
scheme of harbor defence as adopted by
tue War Department and render San
Francisco impregnable from attacks by
sea.
The Army and Navy Journal is informed
that the jeasons for sending artillery to
Angel Island and infantry to the Presidio
were personal ones. It is observed by the
same paper that there was not the slight
est military necessity for the change.
Officers stationed at San Francisco do
not care to discuss the subject. Reference
is" made to the fact that the order direct
ing the change came from the War De
partment. The personal reasons sug
gested by the Army and Navy Journal
are not explained. It is surmised that
General Miles, commanding the army,
desired to make Colonel Shafter's posi
tion as pleasant as possible, hence the
transfer of infantry companies to the Pre
sidio. Colonel Shatter therefore, by vir
tue of his rank, becomes post commander.
An officer who is weli posted says that
tlie department ha 9 decided to fortify
Angel Island and place there the largest
of modern guns. Should this scheme be
carried out reasons for sendiing artillery
companies to the island would ba obvious.
Last Saturday Colonel Shafter occupied
the house 'at the Presidi6 in which Gen
eral Graham lived for so many years.
Mrs. Shafter was conveyed irorii "Black
Point to the Presidio on tnat day. The
new post commander is therefore duly
installed.
Lieutenant Sydney A. Clornan, U. S. A.,
who was recently promoted and trans
ferred from the First to the Fifteenth In
fantry, left for Zanesville, Ohio, on a three
months' leave of absence last (Saturday
evening. Mr, rioinau received a memo
>able "send off" at the Presidio Club.
Songs of the service of cadet life and of
Bohemian Club jinks were aung. The
Bohemian Club sent out M. 11. .Weed,'
Laurie Bunton, Clarence Bickford, Thomas
P. Ruhm, IT. Bi N., and W. B. Hopkins to
bring the young officer to the Owl's sanc
tuary before he left California. In front
of the Presidio Club the First Infantry
band played, and in the ciubroonis Mr.
Cloman's fellow-officers of the First gave
him many pledges of good will. Colonel
Shafter spoke some kind and eloquent
words to Mr. Cloman, referring to the
latter:* meritorious service at Pine Ridge.
The friendly rivalry existing between
the companies of the First IntarUry and
the batteries of the Third Artillery will
give special interest to the events of the
field day at the Presidio next Friday.
The exercises will beuin at 9 a. m. and
close at 4 r. m. Among tha scheduled
events are: IOU-yard dash, 220-yard dash.
440-yard running race, pole vault, putting
the shot, hammer-throwing; tng-of-war,
two infantry and two artillery teams, win
ners to puil off; relay race, ten from each
organization, and baseball game between
teams of the First Infantry and Third Ar
tillery. The prizes a'e now displayed at
the Post Exchanee.
A board of officers will meet at the Pre
sidio December 9 to examine into the
qualifications of Sergeant Stanislas M.
Neisser, Troop I, Fourth Cavalry, and
such other sergeants at the post as may
be eligibie tor appointment as post quar
termaster sergeants. United States army.
Lieutenant-Colonel Edward B. Williston,
Third Artillery; Captain James Locke It,
Fourth Cavalry, and First Lieutenant
Leon S. Rondiez, First Infantry, will com
pose the board.
Leave of absence for one month has
been granted to First Lieutenant Paul F.
Straub, assistant surgeon.
Leave of absence for one month has been
granted to Lieutenant Lincoln F. Kil
burne. First Infantry.
Captain M. W. Ireland, assistant surgeon,
i<* released from autv with the squadron,
Fourth Cavalry, at sladera, and will re
turn to his station, Benicia barracks. He
has been granted leave of absence for
twenty-three days.
Captain Gregory Barrett. Tenth In
fantry, U. S. A., Wheeling, W. Va., is in
San Francisco on official business.
Lieutenant R. H. Noble, IT. S. A., ar
rived in tho City last Saturday.
Furlonahs have been granted to Ser
geant Andrew J. Gaughran, Battery X,
Third Artillery; Privates Henry T. Baker
and Alfred W. Baker, Battery H, Third
Artillery, and Private Joseph M. Rhodes,
Battery L, Thir.i Artillery.*
AT THE CASA BOYD.
Mr. and Mrs. Coliu Boj-d Entertain a
Large House Party— Miss Johnson
Gives a Dinner.
Mr. and Mrs. Colin If. Boyd entertained a
large party of friends on Thanksgiving day at
their country home in Alameda County. Din
ner was served at 3 o'clock, covers being laid
for sixteen guests. A most elaborate menu
was done lull justice to. The evening was
spent In the enjoyment of vocal and instru
mental music, reading and dancing.
"Casa Boyd" looked its prettiest with floral
decorations in abundance.
The guests at the dinner all went over for
the City with Mr. and Mrs. Boyd to enjoy the
lavish hospitality for which their countrry
home is justly noted.
Among the guests who participated in the
evening's pleasure were many of fcan Lean
dro's elite.
A dinner was given by Miss Clare Johnson
at her home, 700 Van Ness avenue, Tuesday
evening to a number of her youn? lady
friends. She \vas assisted in receiving her
guests by Miss Mac If. Murphy anil Miss
Kegina Weil. A delicate menu was served,
after which hostess and guests witnessed the
performance of La Loie Fuller at the Cali
fornia Tneater and were cliaperoned by Mrs.
T. A. Rasin.
Those present were Miss Mabel Kinley.JMiss
Blanch Willard, Miss Nellie Finley, Miss Mar
guerite Murphy, Miss Mao Murphy, Mrs. C. H.
Tenbroot, Mrs. T. A. Rasin, Miss .Mabel John
son, Miss Lizzie Galligner, M:ss Ivy Elliott,
Ml-s Regiub Weil, Miss Dobsou, Miss H. Cavau
ana Mrs. G. 11. Preston of Los Angeles.
On Thahksniviug evening tho residence of
.Mr. and Mrs. 1. Leslie, 1224 Vermont street,
was tne scene of mucti euj iy me!1 t and'gayety,
tne occasion being a surprise party given'them
by their many iriemts. The parlors were
beautifully decorated with llowers ami ever
greens. The evening was pleasantly spent ia
dancing, intermingled with music and reci
tations. At midnight a tempting repast whs
served, after whicit Uaucing and games were
resumed umii the small hours of th« morn
ing. Among those prtsunt were: Mr. and
Mrs. I. Leslie, Mr. ana Mrs. Siruman, Mr. and
Mrs. (inthrie, Mr. and Mrs. Barclay, MUs Jen
nie Trenell, Miss Maggie Raleigh, Miss
Sar&h Conor, Miss Maggie McLeaii,
Miss Leonora M. Leß.iu, MUs Annje J. Mills,
Miss Lillie Raleigh, Miss Minerva' Leslie, Miss
Emuu Osterman, Miss Birdie Tubb, Miss M.
Beck, Miss Carrie Morse, Miss Jennie (iunu,
Miss Etta Qsterman, Miss Mnrgy Installs, Mis-s
Jennie Johnson, Miss May Holland, Miss Julia
Insalis, Miss Jennie Bowman, Miss Eliza Long
more, Miss Lizzie Moore, Miss Maggie Con way,
Miss Cassie Mills. Miss Minnie Bell, Miss Sii
via Becker, Miss Minnie Moore, Miss L. Knipe,
.Miss Ethel Bradiorrl, Miss Frances Leslie, Mis*
Kitty Cummiiigs, Miss Tillio Johnston, Miss
Heieu Raymond. Mi-!- ReilaCummings, Henry
Leslie, C. Osterman, A. B. Taylor, Adrian Car
lyle, J. V. Ilonoyman, Louis Lippert, Henry
Johnston, Tom Leslie, David Eawards, Bob
Fnzsimmons, Alfred Gunn, John Wilson, Wil
liam Hazlett. John Patton, R. Leslie. William
Reed, John Hazleit, J. L. Mills, J. Leslie, Frank
Rodgers, Henry Becker, Willie Winn, August
Campbell. Mr. Bradford.
An enjoyable surprise party was given to
Miss Frances Preece at ncr residence, 1085
Howard street, last Saturday evening. Hing
ing, dancing and games wem enjoyed by the
young folk*.- Among the guests were: Miss
Rdcie Siiversio'.ie, Miss Laura Peterson, Miss
<iussie Rouse, Miss Ilauie Nissen, Miss Lulu
Cooper, Mi>s l.aura Burkhardt, Miss Nellie
McGuire, Miss Katie Plate, Mi.ss Lizzie Powers,
Miss Tina Powers, Miss Carrie Sands, Miss
Frances Preece, Miss May Preece, George
Algeo, Lincoln Fail banks, John Peterson, A.
11. Cohen, Joe Pullis, Tom Healion, Tom Lewis
aud R. Baithold.
' A pretty but quiet wedding took place
Thanksgiving evening, when Miss A. Bishop
was united la marriage to U. G. Wentvvorth, at
her mother's residence, 1913 Sacramento
street, the Rev. Father Lottie ofh'ciating. Miss
S. Bishop, sister of the bride, acted as brides
maid, and M. C. Wentworth, brother of the
groom, was bes^ man. Mr. and Mrs. W«it
worth left the following day for their future
home -in Portland.
The wedding of Richard F. Duffy and Miss
Celia A. Mornssey, took piaco at 112 o'clock
Thursday (Thanksgiving day), in Holy Cross
Church, Rev. Father McGinty officiating. Miss
Maegiy Morrissey. sister 01 ihe- bride, was
bridesmaid and James May bostanan. The
happy couple left lor tfanta Cruz in the after
noon. On iheir return they will reside at 1733
Jones street.
Miss Ma'hilde Ducker was the recipient of a
very pleasant surprise party on Fr.dav even
ing, November '27. at her residence, 412 Lom
bard street. The early part of the eveuing
was agreeably neat in music, games and
dauciug. At midnight a sumptuous repast
was served, after which the guests adjourned
to the parlor aud agaiu indulged in dauciug.
Among those present were:
Matiide Ducker. Susie Smyth, J.. J. Fogarty
Miss Keith, Miss Waldo. J: Foley, Miss Perkins
Mamie Ducker, Adolph Gudehus, Lizzie Mc-
Killop.Ccra De Guere, N. Johnson, Ida A^mun,
*W. De Guere, Ray McLenahaii, I'irieh Asman,
raw TO-DAT. . —
■ ■ c j 4
PHYSICAL
MANHOOD.
millS -IS THE AGE OF PHYSICAL
-*- perfection. It is also' the ago of physi-
•cal weakness. While one man avails him-
sell of every opportunity ..to develop ana |
expand his manly vigor another is passing
'his chances to improve ■ his mind and
body, : and "easily fails into the excesses
which are always in Lis path, to the de-
struction of his vital powers.
■ As soon as I applied ycnr Belt I found relief
from my losses, in. three ; weeks a general im-
proved condition, and I am now entirely cured."
.1 cannot say too much in praise of your Belt.
Yours truly, ■ J. M. HUBBARD.
-Westminster, Orange County, Cal. . .
• Every, man knows himself. ; He knows
where he is weak. I .' Knowing it, if he is i
jnst to himself he will try to recover the
vital power he has wasted.
"It is worth its weight In gold to me,"sayi'
Robert Kittles of East Sound, Wash..
If yon are in -doubt read Dr. Sanden's
book, •'Three Classes of Men.";; It is free,
sealed, by mail. A personal call may save i
you years of misery.
. If you cannot call send for the book with
full" particulars, free. V Call or address
■« ■:-'■' -.T. SANDKX; ELECTRIC C 0. ,,
632 Market at., opposite Palace Hotel. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. p OfUce litmrs— 8 a. m. to «i r. M. ; even-
•- incs, 7to 8:80:. Sundays; It) to 1. Los Anpeles
oJHcp. 204 South Breed way.- Portland, Or., 2&5
.• Washington K. . Consultation free and invited.:'
t NOTE— Make ISo Mistake in the dumber, 633
Market Strew.
Mrs. M. E. Waldo, Will Asmnn. Dan McKillop,
Beitha Gutstadt, C. W. De Guere, May McKil
lop, James Porteus, Ella. Asman, Louise
Ducker, Lena Ducker.
A very pleasant surprise party was Riven to
Luther B. Elliott by his wife last Wednesday
evening, November 25, at his residence, 408
Natoina street. The home was prettily deco
rated with flowers and a pleasant evening was
spent with singing, recitations and games.
At midnight an elaborate sitpper was served,
after which dancing was commenced and
kept wp until the early morning. Amoiig
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Pregmore,
Mr. and Mrs. CharlieviUe. Mr. and Mrs. West.
Miss Nellie Christie, Miss Annie Rothberg,
Miss Trix Giebel, Miss Georgie Christie, Miss
iJollie Uiebel, Miss Katie Oswald, Miss Sophie
Giebel, George Myland, Ted Green, Kenneth.
McCloud, Stanly Hud, Fraukie Lohflnk.
The Swedish Singing Society of Sao. Fran
cisco celebrated its tentn anniversary on
Thanksciving eve at Turn Verein Hall, Turk
street, with a grand soiree and ball. The
society, which is snil to be the most popular
society among the Swedish colony in this City,
now numbers forty active and eighty-five pas
sive members. Covers were laid for 100
persons, and a very merry time was enjoyed
by all. Among those present were: Hjalmar
Lundin, Aug. Jonnaon, Aug. Brandstedt,
Aibert Bergstrom, Joseph Okerblad, P. E.
Ericksou, Mr. and Mrs. I'ihlstrom, Mr. and Mrs.
Koberts, Mr. and Mrs. Engnell, Mr. and Mrs.
Gisßlow, Mr. and Mr& Ovlln, Mr. and Mrs.
Hanson, Mr. and Mrs. Peterson, Mr. and Mrs.
Sandnhi, the Misses Swanson, Lundgren,
Tesohe, Anderson, Mrs. Amanda Tesche, Mr.
E. Grant, P.Olson and Alexander Olson.
Dr. and Mrs. Charles E. Post have returned
from their ranch and are stopping at the Ho
tel Oliver for the winter. They will be at
home the first and third Tuesdays.
Captain A. F. Rodgers of the United States
Coast and Geodetic Survey and a member of
the Santa Monica and San Pedro Commission,
left Washincton for Sau Francisco last night.
Captain Rodgers called upon the President at
his request and had a long and pleasant inter
view. The board of which Captain Rodeers is
a member adjourned to meet In Los Angeles
on December 9.
Mrs. E. P. Jackson of Auburn is staying at
111 Scott street and will be at home next
Thursday.
L. Hart of San Jose announces the engage
ment ot his daughter Bertha J. to I. W. Cahen,
of Louis Cahen & Son, San Francisco.
Mrs. F. L. Castle and Miss Blanche Castle
are passing the winter at the Hotel Rlcheiieu.
Mrs. L. Greenewald, Miss L. iireenewald and
Mr. O. H. Greene wala are at the Hotel Riche
lieu.
The Misses Levison of 1818 Post street have
resumed their day at homa the first Sunday of
every month.
Mr. Sanford L. Goldstein will leave on Mon
day for an extended trip to Europe.
. . NEW TO-DAt: J.- .
Cheapest
Prices
In America for
CHINAWARE
Dinner Sets d* A —_.
Prettily Decorated Jf /I *. /
(Complete for 6 Persons) r I M%J
Dinner Sets d? _ -.
PURE WHITE J3 -4 • ** O
(Complete for 6 Persons) %J %J
Fancy Cups and Sancers • • - 10, 15. 25
Bread, Butter & Fancy Plates -10, 15, 25
Ice-cream and Berry Dishes v 10, 15, 25
Wine Decanters, engraved -.- 15, 25, 35
Wine Glasses, per set •- - - 25, 35, 40
Knives and Forks, per set - 50, 75, 1.00
China and Bisque Flower Vases— ;
V 10, 15, 25, 50
Common Sense . Carving Set • • - • • 25
SEEING THESE GOODS
[•y V; . — — MEANS
°\ BUYING THEM.
WE RUN
100 Stores
BUY CHEAPER
' SELLjCHEAPER
HANDSOME PRESENTS CITES AWAY.
Great AfflericanlmportinaTea Col
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. 146 Ninth st. I
2510 Mission st. alB Third st.
140 Sixth st. . aoo3 Fillmore St. ; '
617 Kcarny st. 965 Market st. i
1419 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth st»
mi Montgomery ■▼*. 104 Second at. !
333 Hayes st. 3295 Mission st. !
53 Market St. (Headquarters), S. P. !
1033 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth st.
Oi San Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, OakUai
• !3sS Park s%, Alameda.
1896 TAXES 1896
OFFICE OF TOE TAX COIiIiECTOB, CITY
and County of San Francisco. -. -
•o KOTICB TO TAXPAYERS. .
Xotlce Is hereby given, in accordance with the
requirements or the Tolltlcal Code. Section 3746,
"1 hat the taxes on all personal properly secured
by real proper^-, and one-half of the taxes on all
real property, will be due and payable on the first 1
Mondar in October, and will be delinquent on the
last .v outlay in November next tnereafler, at 6
o'clock p. m.. and that unless paid prior thereto 15
cent will be added to the amount thereof, and
that If said one-half be not paid before the last
Monday In April next, at 0 o'clock p. h., an addi-
tional 5 per cent will be added thereto.
"That the remaining one-half or the taxes on
all real property will be payable on and after the
first Monday in January next, and will be delin-
quent on the Is,'* Monday in April next thereafter
at G o'clocK « . m., and that unless paid prior
thereto 5 per cent will, be added to the- amount
thereof. ,
"That all taxes may be, paid at the time the first
Installment, as therein provided, Is dne and pay-
able."
Taxes payable at the office of the Collector, first
floor, new City Hall. . .
! 11; (nits ieet .Widening : Assessment now due
and payable. -'
Office open daily from 9a.m. to 4 - it.
JAM N. BLOCK,
i Tax Collector of the City, and County of Saa
Francisco.
• • Dated San Francisco. October 15, 1896.
PLANS AND SPECIFICATIONS
For a School Building.
Opficf. Board of Education, > c
Sax hRANCisco, November 17, 1896. f
IX ACCORDANCE WITH A RESOLUTION
adopted i>y the Beard of Education of the City
and County of San Francisco, -November 16,1896,
public notice is' hereby given to architects thax
competitive plans and speritica: ions lor the erec-
tion of a High school buildiog in the Mission di%-
trot In said Ci:y and County will be received ac-
cording to the "General lnslrnc.ions to Archi-
tects" (copies of which can ,be obtained at the of-
fice of said board) in open I session or the Board of
Kdncation on. .Monday, November 30, 1896 at 8
o'clock p. m. as follows: ■On a lot 398 ■ feet, front
facing: south, by a depth of 194 feet, having three j
street frontages, 'i lit- said plans and specifications
are to be in compliance wito "General Instructions
to Architects," und to be so prepared that the cost
of the building, excluding the architect's commis- 1
sion, shall not exceed in the aggregate the sum ot
$137,000." The architect whose pians and specirt-
ca:io:is are adopted by the board will be appointed
architect and superintendent of the bulldinsrata
compensation of live (5) percent of the total cost " j
Of the .structure. The architects submitting plans
and Specifications determined by . the board to be
second ami third In merit will receive premiums
of $500 and $300 respectively. .•■ ■'. - ; - .
OEORGK BKANSTON. Secretary. .
GEORGE H. FULLER DESK CO.
j»-.^j^- ,-^^-^t 1 ' Is the Place to Buy
jjj|§[ DESKS, CHAIRS
££^^ :S2 j^Ss%SSi& And All Kinds of
f OFFICE FURNITURE
■ T'"ißstF-^' ' tP*** G3B-640 Mission St.
(j "PATENTS Cl
MARKET S.T.3.F^££S^
34
SELL CHILDREN
INTO SLAVERY
Manchuria's Starving Peo
ple Trade Their Young
for Food.
Poverty and Famine Cause the
Revival of an Inhuman
Practice.
Brokers Grow Rich Through De
testable Trafficking in Human
Sou's.
TACOMA, Wash., Nov. 29.— The steamer
Howick Hali has arrived from Shanghai
bringing news of the revival of a terrible
practice by farmers inhabiting tbe plains
region of Manchuria. Their poverty was
greatly increased by the Chino-Japanese
war, and Liter tribal wars buve decimated
their numbers and reduced them to posi
tive want. The .result has been the re
newal of the ancient custom oi selling
their children to slave brok rs.
. "In the original purchase girls from sto
12 years of age are sold for sums equiva
lent to one or two shillings each. By the
brokers they are resold for from four to
eight shillings. The experiences tbat be
fall the children at the hands of the tiad
ers cause them to live in imense dread of
their owners, so that whenever they are
disobedient the threat that they will be
handed back to taeir brokers is sufficient
to render them entirely docile. The
money "which the farmer-* receive for their
children is spent for foou or seed grain.
The children are taken off to town's
where scores of Uiem ara collected and
trained to sing and dance. The prettiest
girls are taken in small parties to seaport
cities of China, where vigorous efforts are
'made to keep secret the nefarious traffic.
Some of these girls, it is learned, are.
taken to India and as far as Constantino
ple. As a rule they are pretty, having
oval faces, large bodies and fair complex
ions. The plainer girls and boys are
trained to work and sold to wealthy peo
ple in Manchuria and surrounding prov
inces.
Many heartrending scenes are reported
from ttie slave markets. Mothers plead to
be sold with their children, and there are
;• girls who prefer death to the life they
know ia in store for them. Others take
their Jsellin-j into siavery as a matter of
course and make no complaints. They
are better fed and dressed by the slave
brokers than by their parents.
Missionaries in the coast provinces have
recently received detailed reports of the
detestable traffic. They a r e preparing to
send some of their members into Man
churia to aid in suppressing it. It is the
general opinion umorg thorn that radical
measures must be taken to induce the
Chinese Government to aid the Manchur
ian farmers.
SAN BERNARDINO ACCIDENT.
J. W. Harris of Co/ton Fails Under the
Wheels of a Wagon and Is Crushed
to Death.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Nov. 28.—
J. W. Harris of Colton was thrown from
his wagon last evening as he was driving
homeward from this chy and killed. The
accident occurred a lew Hundred yards
■ Delow the E-street station of the Santa
Fe, about 6 o'clock. T:tns driver of a deliv
ery wapon was delivering groceries when
he discovered the body of a man lying on
the motor track. Thinking that the pros
trate man must be intqxicated, and Know
ing that the" motor train was almost due
. he stopped his horse stnd stooped over to
lilt Harris from the rails when he discov
. ered that instead of being intoxicated he
was seriously hurt and unconscious. He
placed the injured man in the wagon and
drove at once to the City Hall, where an
improvised bed was 'made for the injured
man.
Physicians were summoned, andan ex
amination showed that the wheel of a
heavily loaded wagon nad passed across
Harris' chest, crushing the ribs and spine.
Not from the time of discovery until he
breathed his last, at 9:30 o'clock, did Har
ris regain consciousness. A hack was sent
to Colton for his wife, daughter and son,
and they remained at the stricken man's
side until the la t watching his labored
breathing and hoping for some sign of
recognition, which never came.
A short time before 6 o'clock Harris was
seen driving from this city with a heavy
load of lumber. It is supposed that he
fell from the wagon at the place where
found and that the rear wheel passed over
him. In a few minutes more the motor
tra r in would have passed over him, and
the real cause of his death would probably
nsver have been known.
SANTA CRUZ RECEPTION.
Mayor and Council men Entertained by
o the. Fire Department.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Nov. 29.— A re
ception and house warming was given by
the Santa Cruz Fire Department last even
ing to the Alayor and City Council. The
fire department has just moved into its
new headquarters in the Pilot Club build-
Ing, and the occasion was celebrated and
the new administration inaugurated by a
banquet. After inspecting the thorough
equipment of the building and depart
mental apparatus the guests adjourned
to the reception-hall of the Pilot Club,
where a banquet was partaken of and
speechmaking— congratulatory and advi
sory—indulged in to a late hour. The ii--e
department of this city is one of the most
efficient in the State, due to the energetic
measures of Chief Frank Ely.
Snntn JBarOara Suit It cided.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Nov. 29.—,
The case of Marie J. Trumbell against the
Sunset Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany, on trial in the Superior Court of
this county for the last few days, went to
the jury yesterday at 4p. m. After delib
erating until 11 p. m. the jury reported
that it aould not agree, whereupon the
court ordered it looted up for the night
This morning the jury returned a sealed
verdict awarding Ue plaintiff $1500
damages.
T,ob An vie* fire thief a Lit eft.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Nov. 29.—Assist
ant Fire Chief Ed" Smith had a narrow
escape from injury to-day. He was re
sponding to an aiarm and driving in his
special wauon. At '.ne corner of Third
street and Wolfskill avenue the front axie
broke, throwing Smith out. The horse
took fright and started to run away.
Smith pluckily held onto the lines and
was dragged 200 feet in the mud before the
animal conld be stopped. Smith escaped
injury beyond a severe bruising.
Teacher* at Lot Angela*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Nov. 2y.— Begin-
Ding to-morro*r, the Los Angeles Teach
ers Institute will be held in the. High
School building. At the same time the
Los Angeles County Institute wiil be in
session in the Normal S^ool building,
both continuing uutil Wednesday even
ing. On Thursday morning the Southern
California Teachers' Association will con
vene and continue until Saturday e"ven
inpi Tlicre will be present, as instructors
and speakers, more prominent East
ern educators than have ever attended the
meetings of these organizations in South
ern California. ;
OREGON'S COLD SNAP.
Mercury Reaches the Lowest Point Ever
Recorded in ths Siate— Suffering
at Spokane
PORTLAND, Ob., Nov. 29.— Oregon is
having the coldest weather ever experi
enced in the State so* early in the season.
Navigation is* seriously impeded on the
Columbia* River Dy reason of floating ice.
Lewis River is frozen over. Vancouver,
Wash., has been cut off from the outside
world,* the ferry and river boats being un
abie to. cross. The Government locks are
frozen fast, and reports from Willamette
Valley points say the lowest temperature
ever known there is recorded. At Pendle
ton it is 10 degrees below zero, and 12 at
Baker City, while all along east of the
Cascades the temperature is below zero.
The average te"rnper<»ture to-day and last
ni hi was 12 and 13 degrees above zero.
SPOKANE. Wash., Nov. 29.—Indica
tions to-night are for moderate weather.
The cold weather of the past few days has
done a great deal eofc of damage in Eastern
Washington "and Northern Idaho. Re
ports now corning in from the country are
to the effect. that large numbers of cattle
and horses have been frozen to death. In
the mining camp? worK has been practi
cally suspended. Every one is. trying to
keep warm. There has -been, considerable
suffering in the city, a the cold snap was
unexpected. The mercury was at 13 de
grees below zero this morning, while re
ports from outside towns say that it has
fallen to 35 below' in places.
«
CLAKAMAS FISH EXTERMINATED.
Hundreds of Thousands of Young Salmon
in the Hatchery Die in Poisoned
" . Waters'
OREGON CITY, Ok., Nov. 29.— While
the workmen at the Clakamas hatchery
were ai supper to-night all of the live
salmon that were in the hatching trays
were killed. About 600,000 were destroyed,
but how or by whom is unknown. It is
suspected that the water was poisoned.
Some of it has been saved for an analysis,
though most of the water in which the
lish died had escaped before the sample
was taken. A few tests have been applied
to the water that was saved without dis
covering the nature of the poison.
These make 1,600,000 young salmon that
have died at the hatchery this month.
About a month apo several hundred thou
sand young fish were killed in a rnysrerous
manner. Superintendent Hubbard pro-
Jesses to ba in ignorance of the cause of
killing of the fish. An investigation may
be instituted by the United States au
thorities.
NEW EPISCOPAL YEAR.
.Confirmation Service* Yesterday at the
Church of the Advent.
Yesterciay, the first Sunday in Advent,
was the beginning of the new year in the
affairs of the Protestant Episcopal denom
ination, and the occasion was observed in
all the churches of that faith.
In the Church oi the Advent, on Elev
enth street, near Alark'et, a number of
young people were confirmed at the close
of the morning services. The rites of con
firmation were celebrated by Right Rev.
William Ford Nichol?, Bishop of the dio
cese, assisted by Rev. James A. Emery,
the rector. Rev. Hobart Chetwood, Rev.
Henry B. Menses and Rev. K. N. Mikami
of the Episcopal Japanese Mission.
There were twenty-one persons of both
s«xes confirmed, among whom were five
young Japanese irom the mission.
The services, whicii were very impres
sive, were opened by the rector, Mr.
Emery, followed by a full sarpliced choir
of thirty-eipht male voices in the hj run,
"The Lord i-s in His Holy Temple." Then
followed the lesson by Rev. Mr. Chetwoud,
and the prayer by R*v. Mr. Menses. The
obligations aud "invocations of tbe con
firmation were administered by Bishop
Nichols to the candidates kneeling at the
chancel rail. In his eloquent address he
spoke of the necessity of their vigilance
In the new line as neophites in the church
that they might live conscientiously.
•'Conscience, however," said he, "will
not exist without effort any ruore than the
mind will expand without proper train
ing. As the mental is nurtured in tbe
school, so is the conscience nurtured in
the church. In unholy environments
conscience becomes weak and speaks
faintly to the wrongdoer. So, in the be
gin siing of this, our new church year,
start forward to a richer and higher Chris
tian experience. "
At the close of the ftymn, "My Faitn
Looks Up to Thee/ the benediction was
pronounced and the congregation was dis
missed.
THE FEAST OP DEDICATION.
To Be Observed by the Jewish Congre
gations During the Week.
Yesterday was the first day of the He
brew-Chanucha festival, or, as it is freely
rendered in English, "The Feast of Dedi
cation," and sometimes "The Feast of
Lights." It will oe observed throughout
the seven days of the week.
The Chanucna festival is not properly
religious in character, and has the very
reverse of a melancholy signification. It
is, in fact, the commemoration of an
eyent in Jewish history— the victory of
Judas Maccabeus over Antiochus, Kin<*
of Syria. That autocratic monarch de°
fired the Jews to worship his* favorite god
Jupiter and sought to desecrate the Jewish
temple at Jerusalem by removing the
symbols of the Hetrew faith" and substi
tuting therefor a golden image of the
Grecian deity.
Judas Maccabeus, the valiant champion
of the Jewish people, resorted to the ar
bitrament of battle and overcame Antio
chus. The temple was subsequently re
dedicated on tiie 25th day of Kislev, as it
is called in the Jewish calendar. The
holy oil was replaced and the lights re-lit,
and hence the name the anniversary of
that occasion bears.
The observance of the Chanucha festival
assumes a simple but poelic form. , Every
household is illuminated throughout the
week, commencing with one light the
first day, until on the seventh and last
thert. are *eve:i lights burning. Apart
from this peculiar ceremonial the week is
given up to the pleasures ol social inter
course and reciprocal hospitality. In ad
dition to the regular services next Friday
the Ciiy synagogues will present specially
prepared programmes during the week in
which the children of the congregations
will take a prominent part.
At the Geary-street Temple, of which
Dr. M. S. Lsyy is the rabbi, the annual
exhibition will be heid. commencing at 7
o'clock. Tbe Chanucha hymn will be sung
by the congregation; a farce entitled
"The Masked Ball" will then be pre
sented, followed oy the children's doll
drill and a tableau vivant entitled
"\Y omen of Israel." The annual distribu
tion of medals and prizes will afterward
take place. Dr. Levy has chosen for his
lecture "The Jew as a Soldier," in which
Judas Maccabeus will be referred to as the
ideal type. At the Te,mp!e Emanu-j-a on
Friday the children will be present aud
w.ll join In the singing. Rabbi Voor-
s nauress is entitled: "Maccabee
and Swords and the American Ballot."
TO CURE A CO LD IN ONE DAY.
TaUo laxative Bromoliuinine Tablets. All druie
gista refund the moaey If it xails to cure. 20c*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
VENTURA COUNTY'S
PRODUCTIVE SOIL
Grows Anything From the
Humble Bean to the
Banana.
Backed by a Climate Adapted
to ths Raising of AH
Kinds of Fruit.
Picturesque Beauty of San Buenaven
tura, the County's Seat of
Government.
FAN BUENAVENTURA, Cal., Nov.
28- — Ventura County has a frontage on the
Pacific Ocean of about seventy-five miles.
It is bounded east by Los Angeles County,
west by Santa Barbara County, north by
Kern County r.nd south by the Pacific
Ocean. There is perhaps no county in
the State that has so great a variety in soil
and climate. In the little valle} T s bark
from the coast it is both warmer and
colder than near the coast. These valleys
have the very best coil for oranges and
lemon*, while olives, ■ prunes, grapes,
apricots, apples, peaches, walnuts and
pears flourish in the footnills. The
rich loam of the valleys near the ocean is
what has made Ventura County known as
the best section in the world for- beans.
Within the county lines are included
San Nicolas and Anacopa islands. Ana
copa is small and picturesque. It rises
sheer from the blue waters of the ocean,
and is crescent shaped, forming a beauti
ful harbor on the inner Bide, where the
waters gently wash the rugßed walls and
fill the numerous coves that are the abode
of seals and sea lions. There is a sma;l
beach where pleasure parties are landed.
This island will soon become one of tbe
most popular pleasure resorts on the
coast. When the railroad to the cele
brated Ojai Valley shall have been com
pleted it is proposed by citizens of Ven
tura to build a hotel on Anacopa and run
a steam launch from Ventura and Huen
erne to the island.
All of the best food fishes are found in
abundance in the channel off Ventura,
Hueneme and Banta Barbara. The de
licious pompano is caught by local fisher
men and shipped to Los Angeles and San
Francisco. The establishment of can
neries iaan inviting field for capital.
Ventura County is one of the best
watered counties in the State. The
Santa Clara River traverses the entire
county from northeast to southwest and
is fed by numerous streams, chief of
which are the Sespe, Santa Paula and
Pira. The Ventura River, a beautiful and
rapid-flowing stream, noted as one of the
beat trout streams on the coast, rises in
the San Rafael range and flows nearly
due south to the ocean. The scenery
along the upper portions of this river is
grand. The water is pure and sweet and
in quantity sufficient to Bnpply a city of
75,000 inhabitants. It enters the ocean at
Ventura.
The soil of o Ventura County is very rich
and will grow anything from beans to
bananas. We raise wheat, corn, barley
oats, potatoes, and in beans 'we beat the
world. Our honey is unexcelled, and in
fruits .we raise oranges, lemons, limes,
apples, peaches, a pears,* prunes, apricots',
plums, olives, grapes, walnuts and all
berries.
Statistics of Droducts are tiresome and
cannot be given i n a short article. T-he
topography of the county is such that we
hnve climate suited to all kinds of fruits
Our oil fields are well known-and the yield
is enormous. We have a vast amount of
asphaltum of the best quality, gypsum
and an oil stone from which a fine quality
of toilet soap is made. Our. sandstone is
excellent for building purposes and in un
limited quantity.
Mr. CJaus Spreckels having received
samples of sugar beets raised in the Santa
Clara Valley came down la'ely to look the
field over and was so well pleased that he
proposes soon to erect a sugar factory in
or near Hueneme. When that industry
shall have been established no section of
the United States will offer greater in
ducements'to the farmer than Ventura
County, for with beans and sugar beets
he will grow rich.
When the South Pacific Coast Railroad
is finished 90 per cent of all the travel
from Los Anreles and tae southern
counties to San Francisco will be over that
route, for who will travel over interior
plains when they can breathe the sea air
and look from a car window out over the
ocean aud see the panorama of islands and
ships?
San Buenaventura, the county seat of
Ventura County, lies on a gentle blope
close to the sea. Protected from the
north winds by the mountain range and
facing the ocean, it looks off at the islands
that seem to float as in a mirage. The
»ea air is never hot and never cold. When
Cabnllo dropped anchor in the channel in
front of where Ventura now stands he
counted twenty-five Indian villasjes scat
tered alonj,' the coast foothills. Those old
time people knew a good thing when they
found it, and lived and died in this fa
vored spot. The town of San Buenaven
tura has about 1000 inhabitants, mo«tly
from the Eastern States. The old Mission
churrh is much tbe same to-day as when
the Indians came at the call of " the chime
of bells to receive blessings from the good
fathers.
There are two Methodist, one Presby
terian, one Congregat onal and one Chris
tian church, all in a flourishing condition.
The town has two tine public halls, three
excellent hotels, two fine public school
>uilding?, one small primary school build
ing, and plans are now beins drawn for a
?r.',000 or $15,000 high school building,
rhe town ewni its city hall and library
building, ana maintain! a free public
library of about 5000 voiumes. The reve
nue to support tLe library is derived from
taxation. There are four excellent news
papers, two banks, and all lines of mer
cantile houses where goods can be boueht
at Los Angeles prices. The streets are
lighted by arc light lamps, and offices and
residences with incandescent lamps.
There is an abundance of prsre water at
reasonable rates. All the principal streets
are graded and sidewalked. The public
sewer system covers most of the town
and is being exteuded yearly.
The assessed valuation of the town for
1898 is $1,272,407; the tax rate, 63 cents;
the bonded indebtedness is only $20,250.
The Ventura Agricultural Association has
an excellent mile race track with ample
box stalls and :.ne grand-stand in the
lower part of (fee town. The sea bathing
Is not equaled by any town on the coast
except Santa Barbara. In fact San Buena
ventura is strictly an up-to-date town
with all accessories to luxury and ease
and a climate unequaled even in Italy.
Santa Paula, the second towu of the
county, lies on the railroad sixteen miles
eastot Ventura. It is in the center of the
best farming land In the county and of the
oil and petroleum region. Santa Pauia is a
lively town, and is growing rap'idiy.
Hueneme lies twelve milts southeast of
Ventura on the ocean beach. This is the
greatest shipping point for grain on the
whole coast. In the fall there is a lons
line of six and eifrht horse teams con
stantly arriving at Hueneme loaded with
barley, beans, etc., and freight vessels
come ana go witti the regularity of a pen
dulum. The sugar-beet factory will un
doubtedly be located at this town, and
then it will 'rapidly increase in population
and wealth. Nordhoff, in the Ojai Valley,
fourteen miles up from the coast, is known
as a health resort all over the country It is
a beautitul town, surrounded by orange
and prune graves.
When the railroad from Ventura shall
ha^ve been completed additional hotels
will be erected to accommodate the ever
increasing stream of tourists. Saticov,
Alontalvo, Filmore, Springville and El
Rio are all fine little towns, all growing
rapidly.
Ventura County is worth seeing. It is a
-T>od place to live in and own property.
Wnen California shall Lave proved her
title to be called the greatest State of this
greatest and test country on earth Von
tura County will be found in the front
ranic of the most prosperous States of the
Union.
THE SCHUMANN MEDALS.
Next Month's Content Will Decide Who
Are the Winners.
■ It was an off day among the riflemen at
the Schuetzen Park yesterday ex
cept in two events, the Schumann rest
rifle and pistol medal matches. Early in
the year Captain Schumann offered
three medals. A first and second medal
for the sharpshooters making -the seven
best scores out of twelve, one score a
month, and one medal for the seven best
scores out 'of twelve. In both events'
there were ten shots to a score on the
German ring target.
.. In the rifle match the contest has been
among John Dtschig '. and : his .daughter,
Miss Lizzie Utschig, and Otto.Burmeister,
wilh very few points to either, at any
time. On the pistol match D. W. Me-;
Laughlin has been well- in the lead from
the very start. He has as good won it,
being over 100 points ahead. •
At the conclusion of the rifle shooting
yesterday Ut3chig was seven rings ahead
° Enrmeister *on I the - best seven scores
and Burnieister was only two rings ahead
of Miss Utschig. The day was poor 1 for
good shooing, the light being too bright
and a fishtail wind , whipping across the
ranee, and* blowing •„ into : the shooters'
laces. The scores were as follows:
Schuman rifle medaU—L. C. Babin .21 23
21. 2.>, 21, 25. 24.-24. 23, 24-231 rings; T. A.
£»r ■ hC A 1 , 21, 23, 21, 25, 15 21; 18. 19 21- 21-
S°i Otto Burmeisier. 20, 22. 23 24 "0 2a '
23 22, 20. 2 2 19 ,W. Nolden ' 22.' 22,' 23 it
28. 28, 21, 24,-23,22, 23, 25— 232:- Miss
23-223 ' 23> 20> ' J4 ' " 5: -°' --' 23. 23?:
W< McLau * hlln - lyB rings; R-
A number of sharpsboolers'who did not
enter , these matches ; amused themselves
by ; pool-shooting. "•■
WAS JEALOUS OF
HIS YOUNG WIFE
Mrs. Kelly's Jovial Nature
Aroused Her Husband's
Suspicions.
Convinced That the Woman Was
Deceiving Him, He Fired
to Kill Her.
The Victim of the Sm Jose Tragedy
Is Recovering, but Her Assail
ant Will Die.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 29.— J. P. Kelly,
who attempted to kiil his wife and then to
end his own life when the police appeared,
is still alive at the Receiving Hospital,
despite the fact tbat the physicians state a
builet is embedded in his brain. Mrs.
Kelly is beinc nursed at her room in the
Raymond over the store whero the tragedy
took place, and in all probability she will
recover. She rested easily to-day. She
inquired about the condition of her hus
band and her children. Kelly was con
scious all day and also inquired about Irs
family. He was restless at times. He
took some nourishment, it is believed he
cannot live.
Jealousy was what caused Kelly \o at
tempt to kill his wife. He accused her of
being on intimate terms with other men.
Kelly v.as double the asre of the woman,
he being 54 years old and she but 25. The
woman was of a jovial disposition and had
a pleasant word for everybody and this
aroused Kelly's jealousy. Keliy was
morose and quiet. He treated the woman
cruelly. When he heard that she was
about to apply for a divorce the news so
enraged him, it is thought, that he
planned to kill her an d himself.
Kelly's story about the wealth he pos
sesses is believed to be imaginary. He
claims to own shares in the California
and Colorado Consolidated Tuixnei and
Mining Company of Leadville, Colo.,
valued at $175,000, and other mining stock
and real estate in this country and Aus
tralia, which would bring his wealth up
to $500,000. No credence is given to the
btory.
Hreamen an' Jn*ole*nt.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Nov. 29.— William
Peacock, a contractor and builder at Palo
Alto, has filed a petition in insolvency.
The liabilities aggregate $1653. Thera are
no available assets.
FALLS TO HIS DEATH.
George 31. Snaman Haiku Into an Open
ing in a sidete.ilk.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Nov. 29.— George M.
Seaman, who has been living at 105 Grant
street, was found dead in a basement of
the new Baker building, on the corner of
Third and Santa Ciara streets, about 12:30
o'clock to-day. He had fallen about
twelve feet onto a cement floor and his
neck wasbroken.
The opening through which Seamas fell
was right on the edge of the sidewalk and
was unguarded. It ia supposed he in
tended to emer the building. That he
was not held up by footpads and thrown
into the cellar is evidenced by the fact
that a watch and some money on his per
son were unmolested. He was a sober
and industrious man and not addicted to
drink.
The deceased was a native of New York,
aged 59 years. He leaves a widow in this
city. Seaman came to San Jo*e from San
Francisco about a year ago, and had been
liv.ng with and nursing George W. Lewis,
an old friend.
ROWING REGATTA.
SlcCausland , Defeats Dennis in the
. Senior Skiff Knee— South Ends'
. Reasons for Not It owing. .
A large crowd witnessed the postponed
races of the rowing regatta yesterday at
Long Bridge. \
The races 'to be ' contested were the
senior -four-oared : barge, the senior shell
and the race for old-time oarsmen.
1 The : South Ends declined to row the
Stocktons, and the Ariels, out of. courtesy
to the visiting oarsmen, paced them over
the course in 11:21. .
:i In the senior skiff race McCausland of
the Ariels defeated Dr. Dsnni3 of the Ala
medas by about six lengths. Their time
for the distance whs 11:37.
When asked after the race by the referee
if he r.ud any complaint to make Dennis
said, "Yes, the other fellow rowed too
fa3t."
McCausland is now the possessor of the
beautiful silver cups offered by Air. Brod
erick and Air. Phalan, having won the
senior scull from .Brown of Stockton and
the senior skiff from Dr. Dennis.
The old-timers' skiff race was a disap
pointment. Captain Thomas and Sullivan
withdrew, leaving Leander Stevenson and
Air. Grownej as the contestants. Grownev
won by two lengths in 13:04.
Stevenson complained that Growny
fou.ed;him in turning the stnkeboat. The
foul was not allowed, and as bo:h men
won prizes there was no ill f«e.ing.
The recatia committee decided that
Captain Will Pate was justly entitled to
the gola medal offered by Roihkoph. as
he defeated bode and Breen on Thanks
giving day.
The following acted as officials: Referee
J. D. Gr.Uin; judges, Henry Hencemann
and W. B. Henchman; timekeeper, W.
Blake.
Captain Thomas when asked why his
cluo did not rr.ee, said:
"The South Ends have always done
their utmost to make regattas a success.
The club has always had a large number
of entries in tiie different events and I
might say. more thaa any other club.
We were ready to row on Thanksgiving
day and were very much disappointed
that the race waa put off. Tbe Stocktons
were certainly prepared ior rough water,
having had a washboard put on their new
boat, and as for our boat it is adaptable to
stnootli or rongli weather.
'"Then other clubs have abused tbe
South Ends and stories are in circulation
whicu are detrimental to the good oi the
club.
"The South Ends feel sore over the
charges made by the Stockton papers at
the time of the Admission day regatta
charirinc us with attempted bribery and
other terrible crimes in which there was
no truth.
"And on account of the abuse the South
Ends decided not to row. We are not iooß
ing for prizes, but we are looking out for
the reputation of the club.
"The club is ready at any time to meet
the Stockton crew or any other crew in a
match race.
"One ol the morning papers charges the
delay of the Thanksgiving races to the
regatta committee.
"It is an unjust charere as the committee
were at the starting point at 10:15 a. m.,
the time set for the regatta.
"The delay might be attributed to Mr.
Pembroke. He erred in taking too much
on liis own shoulders."
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Amateur Champion Donnelly and li.
Xluehan Dcfoat J. C. Xealon and
T. Mm Bonnet.
The San Francisco handball court was
crowded yesterday and several keenly
contested games were witnessed. The
event of the day was a game in which P.
T. Donnelly, amateur champion, and R.
Linehan, the overhand awiper, played
aeainst J. C. Nealon and T. F. Bonnet.
Each team played with its usual skill and
dash, but Donnelly and Linehan out
played their opponents and won the filial
by nine "aces.
Two exciting games were played be
tween 1). Rodgers and Phil . Ryan and M.
McNeil and George McDonald. .In the
first Rodxers and Ryan won the final by
three, aces, but in the -second-' they were
defeated, McNeil and McDonald winning
the final by two aces. : -'■■
There were no games in the Union
court, which has been temporarily closed.
Following were the games played in the
Francisco court:
L. Ilinze and J. McDonnell defeated J.
Vogelsang and J. Hinze. 21—15, 17—211
21—20. P. Barrett and J. O'Leary deieated H.
Mottiuand R. Shea, 21— 16—21, 21— 19,
V. Rodgers and T. Ryan defeated M. MeNci.
and G. McDonald, 21r-13, 16—21. 21—18. G.
McDonaid and M. 1 McNeil dereated P. Ryan
and D. Roqgers, 21—14, 17—21, 21—19. M.
Edwards and E. Curler uefeated M. McLangh
lin and M. McClure. 21—14, 16—21, 21— 19.
J. Purcell and E. Muloney rieieated J. Lawless
and P. Hutchinson. 21— 15, 13— 21, 21—19- '
A. Pennoyer and E. Tory defeated P. Kelly !
and J. Collitis, 21—15, 17—21, 21—19. P. T
Donnelly and R. Linehan dsieated J. . C.
Nealou and T. F. Bonnet, 21—13, 16—21
— 1 12*
HAEES AND HOUNDS.
Two Great Courses Over the Ingleaitie
and Ocean View Grounds.
It was an ideal day for coursing, and
both at Ingleside and Ocean View the at
tendance was very good.
. The courses resulted as follows:
* 'INLGESIDE.
Captain Morse vs. HozaF, Lady Fitzgerald vs.
California Violet, Spinaway vs. Dottle Dimple,
Kingston vs. Lee Boy, Queen B vs. Captain
Jim, Deceiver vs. Whip Jr., Seminolo vs De
fendant, Tullnmore vs. Sallie McClellan, Flash- 1
light vs. Laura Bell, Montana vs. Lass o' Cow
rie. .-■,-• •■ ■ i' . ■• o. , • ' ' ,-
-■• First ties— Captain Morse vs. Lady* Fitz
gerald, 6t>inaway vs.- Kingston, D-ceiver vs.
Queen B, Tullamore, vs. Seminole, Montana vs.'
Flashlight. ' ; . o — ;.v ■.: ... • ..
Second ties— Captain . Morse vs. Spinaway,
Deceiver v?. Tullamore,' Montana a bye. •
Third ties— Captain Morse vs. Montana, De
ceiver a bye. ■ ■•.':■'■ c
Final— Captain Morse and Deceiver divided
the stake— s2s each; Montana. $10, Spinaway
and Tullamore $5 each.
Puppy stake — Babe Murphy vs. belle of Mos
cow, Will vs. Alice D, Hichland Mary vs. Fleur
de Ms, Back Jiick vs. Little Cripple/White
Lily vs. Trink, Fair View vs. Hones'. John., j
. Fist ties— Babe Murphy vs. Will, Black Jack
vs. Highland Mary, Wniie Lily vs. Fair View.
Second ties— Babe". Murphy" vs. . Black Jack, \
White Lily a bye.  . ' \
Final— White Lily beat Babe Murphy, taking
first prize, $14; Babe Murphy second £8: Black
Jack third, !?5.
OCEAN. VIEW.
Tempest beatMilo, MoUie Bawn beat Ems
port, Fireman beat Cliffeue, Valley Queen beat
Tessie Fair, Best Trump beat Lieutenant, Vida
Shaw beat Bobolink, Reliance bent White Clif
ton, White Chief beat L'ncle Sam, Olden W beat
Lady Blarney, Gaslight beat Bon Brush, Right
Bower beat Tommy Hail, B B beat Monitor.
First ties— Tempest beat Mollie Bawn, Fire
man bent Tessie Fair, Vida Shaw beat Best
Trump, V.'hite Chief beat Reliance, Gaslight
bent Olden W, )>. B beat Right Bower.
Second ties— Fireman beat Tempest, White
Chief beat Vida Shaw, B B beat Gaslight.
Third ties— Kireniau beat White Chief, B B
ran a bye.
Final— Fireman and B B divided the stake,
$•22 50 each ; White Chief third. $10.
CUT NOSE
Spite face is "all same" taking what you don't
want for what you do want. When yon wish a
fjood bowel or blood medicine ask for and get
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. It cures. Don't
take a nasty substitute for that which is good.
Get Joy's. Don't take anything else.
I-;--.-'- .'■; ■..•" .--'-■• .■ ' . . I
j SIGNATURE
i *~^^ printed in "^ '
{ BLUE, diagonally ->^ ,
» across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
5 r^?^~W7~-jsP^.-^ " r ■"•'• '■■•■' n'- ■ lA&.v - ■■'-a, 1 *.-.- JasE . \^,. : -,-. ~ .-,,_,
' The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro-
f. . . tection against all imitations. ;,
>A g ents for the United State*. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS ,N. Y.
JUNIOR PATRIOTS 1 D.Y.
Rev. Frank Ford Talks to the
Young Men of the (Xd^r
of Mechanics.
Their Purposes Said to Conserve tbe
I Highest Ambitions of True
Am ricanism.
There was a Thanksgiving service of the
Junior Order of tbe United American
Mechanics at the First Chri-tian Church,
Twelfth and Howard street", last night.
The exercises consisted of singing and
an address by the pastor, Rev. Frank
Ford, whose text was "Watch Ye; Stand
Fast in the Faith," from the sixteenth
chapter of Corinthiana I.
The speaker surveyed in a general way
the great landmarks of American history,
concluding that the present generation is
rich in a great measure by reason of
heredity and environments. Conditions
of education, he held, were greatly re
sponsible for the progress of the age.
"The principles of the Junior Society."
said the speaker, "are such that any
thorough-going American can indorse
them. Tuese principles are concisely
and beautifully stated by the society it
self, and they embrace the widest ideas
uf liberty consistent with edacation, true
progress and the American idea of reli
gion. We believe in the.reading of the
English Bible in the public schools and
we believe in fostering American religion,
which is free. The Junior Order demands
the protection of children by just laws,
and is opposed to anything that tends,
even remotely, to warp the best ideas of
Americanism."
The speaker concluded by referring to
the creat and brilliant part played in
American history by young men and pre
dicted great success for the Junior Order.!
I'ree I**cture« on iheosophy.
"Woman's Place in Nature," tne subject of
the lecture last nlgin by Miss Marie Walsh be
fore the Golden Gate Lodge of Theosophy
brought out the idea of the "new woman."
The Golden Gate Lodge of Theosophy nas ar
ranged a course of free public lectures on the
.subjects ol science, philosophy aud religion to
be given throughout the winter.
The invention of bells is attributed by
some of the bast foreign campanologists t >
the Egyptians, who are ere :ited with hav
in;r made use of such percussion instru
ments to announce tbe sacred fetes of
Osiris.
i % MAN,
QO °/o per cent man an< l **
per cent weakness may not
9O °/o seem very much to the be-
_ ginner^but if the waste con-
-9 O / o tinues o the end is certain. It
q« q y will te 10 percent man and
I /° 90 per cent weakness. Don't
QO OS. ° fall into this condition. II
v°v • ° you are suffering from a
9O / o waate or a 1° 93 ; if you pass
sleepless nights, wake tired
9O / o ant * listless; if you are pre-
C\r\ O / maturely \ decayed ; if you
I »-''-' / O . have the symptoms of failing
'QQ / . manhood, be sure to get that
' ° which will cure you. •■: It is
QO °/o the remedy treatment
9O °/o ■: -.-- 'vt T
ZY; ° HBDYAN
9O °/o = o o
57 w '■? Hudyan can be bad only 1
QO OS from the doctors of the Hud-
son Medical Institute. No
90 °/ / o one else can ye you Hud-
;*" ■ . yan. Call or write for fair
9O °/q trial treatment or
90 °/ o »1 CIRCULARS
90 % AND \
9 O- °/o TESTIMONIALS. - ".
Hudson Medical ° Institute,
Stockton. Market and Ellis
Streets. .
42MRNYSf
IS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMIIfB
your ey«s and at them to Spectacles and isv».
glasses with Instruments of his own invention
whose superiority has not been equaled. Hr sa»
cess has been due to the merits otur workT^
Offle* Hours— vj to 4 v . M.
.*"__ffiM_t____*J-J'fl Big & is a aon -poisonous
*^BiSP?r™r^&SPl r . , c , me dJ'_ for ■ Gonorrhoea, -
Gleet, Sprrmatorrhosa!
MfSgrin Ito 5 dijs. Whites, anjiatural dial
JwV Guaranteed ■ charges, or an? inflamma-
-I*l^' to "trieture. tion. irritation or ulcern-
, g—JPreTenu eooimgion. tion of mucons mem-
|[V»yHtEVANS CHEMinilCp. cranes. Non-aatringeo-.
Vat&CINCINNATI.O MB Sold by UrazslAtr
X^%w c - s. a - -,_i— I or sent in plain wr-pj*"\
4_l___l_w ___^ I by express,, prepaid, for
■ Circular sent or -. .soot.
NOTARY PUBLIC;
pHARLES H. PHILI.rps. aTTORXKY-A*
V Law and Notary Public, 638 .Market sr., oppo.
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Residence ltSSf
fell street. - Telephone " Fine " »68JLNATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
Major-General James, Adjutant-General
Barrett and Colonel Currier, division ad
jutant, held a conference early last week
and talked about " appropriations. The
». Legislature will be asked to appropriate
\ 578,000 for encampment expenses for two
years. It c m;y be deemed advisable to
consolidate; the allowance for two years
and expend tne entire sum in one division
encampment. Since the early "sixties"
•■ there has not been an encampment em
" bracing ail the troops of the State. During
Governor Markham's administration an
-.allowance of $70,000 was obtained for that
purpose, but the adjutant-general per
mitted' the brigade in Southern California
.- to draw its pro rata from the allowance
and iiold a= brigade encampment south of
•; the Tebachipu. All the rest of the troops,
however, concentrated at Santa Cruz, and
a very. successful encampment was the re
sult.' " ';.■•' ■..••; ; ,-, ."'•* ... •
■'; : The .recent emergency call demonstrated
that the National Guard of this State is not
.:." an; inefficient organization. • Inadequacy,
: of equii ment was observed, but many of
the commands turned -.- out promptly,
:. .'marched five or- six miles; went into camp,
'. cooked their own rations and demonstrated
. iheir ability to perform good service in the
■: field. •■; : .V- •■•■••.v..;V. • . ; "-. .•/••- : !> .' '• '
•'••'.* The Legislature will be requested to ap
..Vpropriate sufficient money.- to supply the
•••-.troops • with serviceable uniforms, over
.'• coats and blanket*. •• Adjutant-General
:'.•'. Barrett has gone to .Washington: He may
;;be able to secure from the War Depart
ment as many .'good .Springfield- rifles as
■ j the guard needs.'- .'•' •'. }.': y '•:. •'; "".•-.•
.v.'---. .'. "■:'-. '/ :■ Second -.Brigade. •• ■'■■ . ':'.'■' •'.
'; An unpleasant incident occurred at the
> : PagerStrcetArmory of the First Regiment
".last Wednesday..fiven ing. I"' General orders
. -.No.-"'. from Brigadier-General Warfield, •
:S jecpiid-'.JJripa'de, directed the troops of
: th c brigade to assemble at their respective
armories for inspection in heavy marching
/..order; ready for service, at 9 p.. si., Novem
• b?x;'2o. ; ;.'. ;•■;•■ .-. - 1 --.'V.' : ; - ■ .";.o": . ... ;'■
•■";.- . On- paragraph of the order was as foil- .
• Jowsf'-r'.'The colonels commanding the
: Fir>t and. -Fifth .Resiinents' will detail
members of their staff to each of their
.c.om.panies, these officers to act as inspect- |
ed rs',; .anil to make., immediate returns
through colonels.". ■...':•■•'.•.' .. -. > ...;": :.',
■•; :■"'■ :Ih another '. paragraph of the order th e.
; '•:' officers of the Second Brieade staff • were
■.yd'irec;ed;.to-.as'3emble at Brigade headquar-.
.-.ters.vatf 8. p. m. in heavy . marching order.
.;;-Maj6r..-C'narJes "• Jansen "was detailed •■.let
" inspection of the" First Regiment, : Major
11. 15. Hosmer for the cavalry, Major C.
'..J. Evans for the Signal Corps and Major
;.W:- A, Halstead, Fifth; Infantry Regi
■ ment. »■ '..'■' .'■■:-.. ;.".-; .-.. .'■ ::}:••■' '" ;■'-..
- ; Lieutenant-Colonel Victor D. . Duboce,
;" com manding'.th.e- First Regiment in the
absence of Colonel William Macdonald, -
acted under: the ; first ■ paragraph quoted,
■ paraded the troops promptly, had the in
spection made by the regimental staff and.
dismissed the, command. When General
: "Warlield and Major Jansen arrived at the
armory the inspection was over. .' . ; ■••'
'' The .incident -was---. unfortunate, as it
.deprived, the troops of .'the honor
...of '• seeing "• General . Warfield •.. and
. Major Jansen;' -and .-•" it deprived these
■ o officer .of the. privilege of seeing the
troops in marching order. • Every one un
derstands that Colonel Duboce wou d not
= have dismissed the troops if he had known
- the general and inspecting officer were on
'■ the way to .the armory.- No discourtesy,
was intended, and in the light of instruc
tions no disobedience of orders can 'ba rea
• sonably 'charged. It has been suggested
that the division general and his staff, the
Stcond Brigade general and his staff and
the First lie.iment's colonel and his regi
mental officers should meet occasionally
• and become so well acquainted that they
cotild° exchange .views, without the for
mality of pnn ted orders. In the .United I
o States officers speak" to each other
and exchange views concerning mean
ing of orders. 0 ' "°- °'v ' "'.' ? "
H. A. oW<«g°ener has been appointed
major and quartermaster on the staff' of
'. General Warfield, vice Major J. H. Man
gels, promoted.. ■••"■• • ." ?;.-.*• r.—
Sergeant H. T. Hicks, Company C, First
Regiment, has been appointed first
.sergeant. -Corporal Ashley R. Fariess,
o Company K. has; been promoted sergeant.
Private Henry C. Mathewson, Company I,
has been . promoted *. corporal. Dennis F.
Reardon has b*en promoted drum-major.
Regimental Orders No. 20 announce the
discharge Jrom the ° First "Regiment of
twenty-seven enlisted men. 6 Eleven of
these men were discharged for the good of
c the service. ° ° ° o «."'
Maj >r Hugh Simo . is detailed for the
summitry court..- . • ° . " .. . . ;■:
NAPA, Cal., .Nov. 27.— The .following
telegram addressee! to Captain F. W. Bush
was received Wednesday evening:
General Warlield orders assembly of your
:omrianj T in heavy nmrchiiltr order at armory
10-msht at 9 p. m., November 25. ° •
Cafjain I). A. Smith, Adjutant. "
In pursuance of this Lieutenant H. L.
Grunn, in the absence of Captain F. W.
Bush', notified the non-commissioned offi
cers, who in "turn not) fiea* the privates
oelonging to the com May. The ar
tnory was a scene of activity as the men
ionned their uniforms and arranged thejr
' jquipment preparatory to falling in. It
was a similar experience to this when the
members of Battery B. now Companiy H.
icere calleu out during the railroad strike
)f 1894. Captain F. G. Eistt-rbv and First j
. Lieutenant H. H. Muiier, who were the |
)fHcers of Baitery'B, were present.' at the |
o irrriory ami' manifested their continued
merest in the National Guard. Wheji tne
. :omraand "fall in" was given by First Ser- |
reant Hoffman, the memters of the com
pany promptly took their -places in line
horou^hly aimed and equippei? ? with
J.ankets, 'barer sacks and can teen After
i rigid inspection of the company and the
■ iqalpriiflnts; the; company was drilled
hrough'the different military evolutions.
?ifty out of filty-three active members
lad reported. This is a showing that the
a RaDa company need not be ashamed of. -
Third Brigade. »
CHICO, Cal., Nov. 25. -Company A,'.
Second Regiment, held an election at the
armory this evening, in which ex-Captain
J. J. Cahill was elected. Captain Cahill
was in command of Company A some five
or six years ago and was then recognized
as one of tie ablest military men in the
old Eighth Regiment. After having
servpd in the capacity of captain for two
years he resigned and has since been dis
connected with the guard. Company A
is to !>e congratulated on the election of
Captain Cahill, for under his command it
will undoubtedly progress with great
rapidity. After the election the boys
assembled at Cooley's restaurant, where
an elaborate banquet was spread.
To-rnorrcw a team of thirty-one men
will go to Marysville to compete with an
equal number of men in that company.
Every one acquainted with the ability of
both companies anticipates a close contest
with a very high average to the man.
Company Cholds the championship over
the northern companies as a cract com
pany, but the A boys have been doing
'some hard and faithful practicing for the
past month and will undoubtedly do good
shooting.
WOODLAND, Cal., Nov. 27.—Excite
ment in military circles will be on the de
crease from now until the fifst of the new
year. The last drill of this year took place
tast Wednesday night. The last regular
business meeting will take place the last j
Wednesday of this month. The drill last
Wednesday evening was followed by a
grand Thanksgiving ball, given by Com
pany F, and was very well attended, when
ta&ing into consideration that several
other attractions were going on the same
evening.
The alterations in the armory that •were
spoken of some time ago are completed
ana add very much to the appearance of
the hall. Company F will soon be the
I most thoroughly equipped and comforta
bly housed company in the State.
The flagpole will be put up in a few days
and then Old Glory will be flung to the
breeze to wave over Company F's armory
for all time to come. "Captain Tommy,"
the company's eagle, takes as much in
terest in the improvements as any
member of the company.
Captain Prindle is out again and doing
his regular rustling to keep everything
j running smoothly for the company. Sev
! eral visiting members of N. G. C. have
| Deen here during the last weeK and were
i loud in their praises of the armory and
everything connected with it.
The recent emergency call of ere-
I ated no little excitement among the boys
las wcil as the public in general. The call
• came at 3 o'clock in the afternoon and at
j 8 o'clock in the evening, when the roll
was called, 52 men out of 57 members
answered to their names. This is a grand
showing when taking into consideration
the fact that It was raining and blowing
and that not a few of the boys were work
ing out in the country.
The boys were ail ready to go on a
tramp, but were a little disappointed
when they found out that on!y an inspec
tion was on tap. The inspecting officer
was Lieutenant J. G. Lee of the colonel's
staff. : . . •:'
He gave the company a thorougn
overhauling and his report ought 10 go a
long way toward having this" company
thoroutrhly equipped for any kind of ser
vice, which at present it is not. A num
ber of guns were condemned and the
coofcing utensils were found short; also
blankets, xhe company will be lound
ready at any time lo anawer any and all
calls that may be made.
At the target practice several of
ihe boys made scores of from 4'J to4H.
The armory target is attracting considera
ble attention Jrom the boys at the pres
ent. The captain has had a 22 caliber
barrel put into a regular musket barrel,
and during the winter months target prac
tice can b? had in the morning. The gun
is the same weight ana has a six-pound
pull, the same as the other guns. Last
Wednesday evening private Capelle, while
shooting at 30 paces, snuffed a candle out.
WITH THE IR OWN PISTOL
Police Divisions Now Competing
for Three Valuable
Priz?s.
The Weapon Used Is the One the
Men Carry Daily in Their .
• ;.■•';•:. ■/■. : Pockets .'•■'!.•■ .:;■■'.■'•■• '•';; ;
For several months pistol practice at
the police range in the basement of the
City Hall was stopped, but it has been re
sumed during the past week.
The reason is that a competition is now I
on in which every man in the department
is interested. Tiie prizes nre valuable and
there is the keenest rivalry amcug the
men to win them.
The former competition, which took all
last winter to decide, was among the men
of Captain Wittman's division. The
weapon used was the regular Smith &
Wesson .45-caliber. The prizes were a cold
medal for the highest scorer, a silver
medal for the next highest scorer and a
gold and silver medal for tne man wbo
showed the createst improvement during
the competition.
Policeman Smith Carr won the gold
meial with the highest score, Policeman
W. H. Hanley the cold and silver medal
and Policeman W. D. Scott the silver
medal.
The competition which is now gojng on
includes all the divisions. The weapon
used is. the pocket revolver carried by each
officer, and it will therefore be seen that
Hie result is being watched witn much
greater interest than the preceding one,
Irom the fact that the men are firing with
the revolvers they carry with tnem every
dny, and the whole department is compet
ing, with the exception of Smith Carr,
who is barred, as hu- is one of the best
revolver shots in the country and the
otberj would have in* chance aeainst him.
*or this competition the men are di
vided into sections. Each section com
petes at the range and tie highest scorer
is selected to compete in the final shoot
for the prizes. There are nineteen sec
tions altogether, ten in Captain Witt
man's division, four in Captain Spillane's
three in Captijn Gillen's and two in Cap
tain Dunlevy's. There will bo thus nine
teen men to compete in the final. Each
man will nre ten shots, the highest dos
sit'l^ score to be 50.
The prize* are a magnificent gold star
presented by Colonel Beaver of the Bank
of California; a magnificent revolver, pre
sented by General Wall, and another re
volver, presented by John £. Klein.
Two of the sections have already com
peted, und it is expected tliat the competi
tion will be closed in about two weeks,
when the hinlie-u nineteen scorers will
shoot for the prizes.
Saturday evening Sergeant Blank's sec
tion competed. There has always been a
keen rivalry between Policemen Cauipbeil
and Coogan in this section, and it was
conceded that either one or the other
wou.d be the lucky man. Coogan with
his first five shots made 21, one less than
the possible. He seemed to lose his nerve,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
Nuuanu Valley, Near Honolulu, H. 1,, One of the Marvelous Tropical Landscapes Painted by Mr. Fisher.
The Foreground Is Brilliant Green, and the Distance Grows With Varying Depths of Purple Haze,
While Above the Mountains Is a Patch of Blue Sky.
[Reproduced from a pen sketch by the artist]
as he made only 16 with the next five
shots, making a total of 40. Campbell
shot stemiily and made 42, so that he will
rank among the nineteen.
DESERT MAY SOON BLOOM.
A Million Acres of Kich Soil to Be
Irrigated and Sold at SIO an
Acre.
John C. Beatty of Los Angeles, presi
dent of the Colorado Irrigation Company,
arrived at the Palace Hotel yesterday
with Mrs. Beatty. He will remain hero
several days on private business uncon
nected with the gigantic enterprise con
templated by his company in tne irriga
tion of an enormous area of arid but very
fertile land in the southeastern part of
California.
In September, 1894, just as all necessary
legislation had been granted to the com
pany by Congress, permitting them to tap
the Colorado River and to cut their pro
posed canal across an intervening Indian
reservation, discussion arose in the com
pany and some of the stockholders, to
gether with the former chief engineer,
began a suit in New York against tbe
president, virtually for tne control of the
enterprise. That suit at once put a stop
to all preparations for the actual work of
| construction, to be begun the following
month along the course of tbe big canal
I previously surveyed at an expense of
■ thousands of dollars.
The litigation nas been in progress ever
I since with a formidable array of attor
neys on both sides, the president of the
| company alone having no Jess than
I eighteen lawyers employed to offset an
' equal number at work for the opposition.
The case will come up for trial in New
A Favorite View of the Justly Celebrated Waikiki Beach, Showing the Characteristic Foliage of Palms,
Banana? and Cccoa Trees of ths Hawaiian Islandr.
=' ' : . IFiom a pen sketch by llugj Fisher.] '
York tin December 15, and it is expected
' willsobn alter be settled.
..The country to be irrigated by the enor
mous canal constitutes a great inland
sunken plain in the eastern part of San
Diego County. It is the property of the
irrigation company and includes .about
1,000,000 acres of lan.d much of which is
below the level of the sea. It is said to be
formed of the deepest and richest alluvial
deposits of any valley In the world, that
of the Nile not unexcepted, but is without
water.
In ages pnst it was the upper end o!
the Gulf of California, which is still reced
ing many feet annually. The Colorado
River, filled with surface washings fai up
its course, had, until some great eruption
cut off and caused the present desert,
emptied its rich sediment-bearing waters
into the oricinsil head of the gulf, until
now in some places the alluvial soil ex
tends down to the remarkable depth of
over ICO feet. What was at first, subse
quent to some geological change, an in
land sea became after rapid evaporation
of its fresh waters a sunken, waterless
plain, covered witn rich soil that to-day
produces unusual growths wherever irri
gation has been tried upon it.
The plan of the company is to snrround
this region by two main branches of
the canal running from the southeast to
the northward and also to the westward
of Salton Sea, one 125 miles In lengtli, the
other about 75 miles long, ana both sup
plied with numerous lesser branches, form
ing a network over the whole region. In
order that they might realize promptly on
the enormous investment or capital neces
sary to the expenses of building the canal
tl.e company would sell land, with water
rights included, at $10 an acre, and open
up the vrhole country to the culture of tne
sugar beet, for which it has been proved
particularly fitted, and for citrus and other
fruits.
SQUEEZED BY THE FENDER.
Paul Monroy Injured by an Electric*-
Car at Kearny and Market Streets.
I'aul Monroy was taken to the Receiving
Hospital yesterday afternoon at 6:30
o'clock to be treated for injuries inflicted
upon bot!) his hip* by being caught by
the fender of an electric-car of the Kearny
street line.
Monroy lumped off the forward end of
the car while it was crossing Market
street, and in doing so missed his footing
ana tell Un,der tbo fender, which caught
him and squeezed him against tbo pave
ment.
The car was stopped and had to be
partly raised off the track before he could
be extricated. At the Receiving Hospital
Dr. O'Brien found that both his bips were
injured and possibly internal damage had
been done.
AN ARTIST IN
SUNNY HAWAII
Hugo Fisher's Impressions
of the Beautiful
Islands.
Sketching Under Difficulties in
a Surf Canoe and in a
Wnirlw.nl
The Painter Was Enamored of the
Tropical Scenery in Which He
Worked for a Y.-ar.
Hugo Fisher, the well-fenown artist, has
returned from the Hawaiian islands,
where he spent a year sketching and
enjoying the dreamy life of the tropics.
While the temptation to take things' easy
was strong enough, Mr. Fisher never .for
got his work; but on the contrary, he
sketched and painted incessantly and
studied nature in her fairest and sunniest
moods, that are to oe seen or felt only in
Hawaii. Wherever there was any
! peculiarly interesting scene, or any char
acteristic bit of island landscape or bay,
■ lie visited that spot and recorded his im
pressiond in color sketches, so that Mr.
I Fisher returns with a bulging portfolio of
f beautiful subjects for pictures. And now
admirers of his work may lcok for tropical
pa:ntings from liis brush — a decided
change from the snow-dad Sierra pictures
which he liked so well to paint.
In more than oire place he had to. work
under ereat difficulties. Sketching in a
Kanaka canoe in the surf, and at another
place, where a man could not stand against
the whirlwind, caused him to imagine
that all was not dreamy in "the i*land of
dreams." However he found Hawaii a
better place for artists than San Francisco,
and he did not object to the risk of being
blown over a precipice or toppled out of a
canoe when making sketches for pictures
ordered by wealthy men in the islands.
"I bought back with me but one paint
ing," said Mr. Fisher. "Ail the rest I left
behind in Hawaii. I sold them. 11l had
twenty-five more painted I could have sold
them also."
In his studio at 319 Suiter street Mr.
Fisher is busy arranging his sketches and
painting pictures, as he intends to have
some of the most attractive island 'scenes
on exhibition at au early date. He likes
to go back over the paths he traveled in
the past twelve months and to tell now
Hawaiian scenery, people, climate- and
natural curiosities impressed him.
"Oh approaching Hawaii, the first feat
ure is Diamond Head, a bold, majestic
mountain," he began. "Cocoa Head
looms up next, and you find yourself near,
a tropical country with a background of
hish mountains all covered with verdure
and the most beautiful cloud effects I ever
saw. You pass Diamond Head and then
come in lull view of the celebrated Wai
kiki beach and Nuuanu Valley, beyond
Honolulu, a wonderiu! bacuground for the j
crty. Mount Tantalus looms up in the I
iar distance. Everything is green in the j
landscape — palm tree*, cocoanut trees in
the foreground and dense vivid verdure
beyond. The scene "is most enchanting,
the mountains veiled in a kiud of pur
plish, bluish haze with beautiful clouds
stretched aiong their tops, and a deep blue
sky over all. At vVnikiki beach the won
derful colors of the water are like the in
side of the abalone shell, opalescent and
constantly changing;. The beach is a
brok n line of gray sand bordered with
palms and cocoa tree's waving and nodding,
and beyond the scene is a mixture of blue]
purple and emerald. For life there are
the bathers and snrf- riders, who go
through the surf as fast as a locomotive.
"I had a novel experience in sketching
there. Mr. Peacock of Honolulu gave me
a commission to paint the beach. He
wanted a view from the sea, so I had logo
out in a native's little canoe and sketch in
a hi«h sea. The natives were naked and
seemed quite at home, but I feared the
canoe would turn over. While I was
sketching oiip of the boatmen dived into
the water. He stayed down for a long
time and then camo' up with a sort of star
fish. With spikes like a porcupine. The
two men had a great feast and offered me
some of the star-fish, which tasted like an
oyster. W: en I world say go ashore the
boatmen would let the boat go on ton of a
big wave and we would shoot through the
surf at such a terrific rate it made my hair
stand on end, but 1 clung to the canoe and
landed safely each time.
"One of the most entrancina views is
that at Pali at the end of Nuuanu Valley,
about four miles from Honolulu, There
are great mountains to the right and left
ana through an opening you get one en
chanting view of a valley covered with
pusar plantations and bananas and in the
far distance a range of mountains and
still farther off the blue Pacific looking
like a painted sea. Pali is over 1400 feet
high. I painted a picture of the Pali,
which was bought by Mr. Peacock. At
the summit where I had to paint there is a
whirlwind blowing at the rate of fifty
miles an hour, sometimes more than that.
A native on horseback was blown over the
cliff. When I first went there my paints,
paper and traps were blown into the air
far above my head. Before I could get a
good sketch I had to go six or eight times
to Uie tame spoi. Even then I could use
only .n small bit of paper and had to take
in the scene on separate pieces in the face
lof tbe gale. Au easel was cut of the
question, and it was hard work to hold
tb« paints down.
"On the trip- to the island of Hawaii I
was treated to a most magnificent sunset;
it was tropical and glorious. The ride to
the volcano, or mountain of fire, I found
to be one of the most interesting exposi
tions, thc'irnil passing through tut virgin
forest ar.d every turn in the road finding
a new scene. All about us were wild ba
nanas, palm trees, fern trees, creeping
plants — a picture of tropical glory, with
here and there a coffee plantation peep
inc through ttie forest, each vista a beau
tiful sight. Farther up the mountain the
flor;i takes on the character of the tem
perate zone, and at '.a t there is nothing
but lava. My party took no guide to the
crater. As we stood beside the cavern of
fire i felt the ground tremble and a sick
ening sensation came upon me. 'For
heaven's sake let us get. out of this,' I
said, and we walked back from the verge
ot the ciiff. One minute later the spot'
where we were standing crumbled away
and fell into the fire with a roar; one
minute later and had we remained there
would be no more artist.
"There is a strange bird that makes its
home at this volcano, the boatswain bird.
It has its young about the cliffs and flies
to the sea a distance of Iwenty or thirty
miles for fish to feed them.
"The coffee and sugar plantations make
pretty landscapes with a background ol
purple mountain", an intense blue sky
and some touches of bright green palms
and banana trees. The harborof Waienai,
m which are many of these nlantations,
reminds one of the bay of Naples, and is
certainly wortny of a visit by tourists."
The waterfalls of Hawaii, where a
hundred streams tumole down the moun
tains and eventually over a cliff into the
ocean, were seen and sketched by Mr.
Fisher; and also the famous rainbow falls,
where the prismatic arch dances eternally
in the sunshine. The natural bridge at
Onemca was not missed, for it appears in
the portfolio as a wall of purple rock
jutting into the sea and clad with tropical
shrubs. It has a picturesque appearance,
this bit of island coast scenery, thoueh the
colors to one who hu«' never seen Hawaii
are certainly startling.
Kniv in a Kes'.aurant.
William Mclntosh, the owuer of a restaurant
on Howard stree'.hnd for a customer yesterday
afternoon P. J."Rooney. Rooney got Into au
altercation with Mcln.osh and Mclntosh
struck him on tue head with a bottle. Rooney
pummeled his adversary to such an extent
i at both had to be treated at the Receiving
Hospital, one for a cut scaip and the other lor
a contused shoulder, after which their names
were entered on the prison register, one for an
assault with a deadly weapon and the other
pending further investigation.
TO CURE A COL D IN ONE DAY.
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. AU drug
gists i t-iund the money ii it falls to cure. iil»c
DISCUSSED THE
LIQUOR PROBLEM
Rev. Dr. Dille Takes Up
the Subject at the Cen
tral Church.
Work of the American Ant;-
Saloon League as a Factor
ot Reform.
R.v. Dr. Adams' Address Up.n the
Evils of Modern Civilization and
Their Remedy.
At the Central Methodist Church yes
terday Dr. Elbert R. Dille discussed the
liquor problem, devoting particular atten
tion to the American Anti-Saloon League
as one oi the most important factors con
tributing to reform.
He traced the history of this institution
since the date oi its inception at Washing
ton, D, C., a little less than a year ago and
described the good work already accom
plished through its instrumentality. The
great object of this league is to federate
and unify the scattered forces of reform so
that they may present a united front to
the organized ranks of the liquor-dealers.
"The Anti-Saloon League," said the
speaker, "affords common standing
ground for all shades of political and re
ligious and temperance faith so long as
they are opposed to the saloon. It does
not ask a man whether he is for high
license or prohibition ; whether he is a
moderate diinker or a total abstainer; it
doe 3 not concern itself whether he takes a
glass of wine or a dass of bser nt his
meais; it says 'whatever your faith or
practice, if you believe that society and
the Slate would be better without the
saloon give us your hand.' "
"The Anti-baloon League takes the
saloon out of politics and deals with it
not as a political but a moral question.
The saloonkeeper has no politics but the
interests of his business. His voting
number is No. 1. When Jay Gould was
belore the Senate Committee on Railroads
they asked him his politics. He said, 'In
a Democratic county I am a Democrat, in
a Republican county a RepuDlican, in a
doubtiul county 1 am doubtiul; but
always and everywhere 1 am for the Erie
Railroad.' That is the way with the
saloon."
The league proposes to work for and
secure the passage of a law that shall put
the question of saloon suppression upon
the ballot at ever 3' election. To the ques
tion how has the league worked so iar,
Dr. Dille replied:
"It has united the temperance forces as
nothing else has ever done.
"In its great conventions Catholic and
Protestant Bishops and clerey, Republi
cans, Democrats and Prohibitionists have
sat tide by side. In ;his State every re
ligious body to whom it has so iar "been
presented has adopted it with hearty
unanimity, and so have all the temperance
organizations. Already a provisional
State committee has been formed, and it
is expected that a State convention will be
held in the near future. It has aroused
the enmity and alarm of the liquor power
as has no other movement of the century.
The Wine and Spirit News says 'the Anti-
Saloon Lea«ue will capture the church and
the cnurch will capture the State, and then
God have mercy on us poor liquor men
wfio won't be allowed to live at all.' It has
won many victories in States North and
South."
The speaker then by a series of charts
illustrated its work. They showed that
40 per cent of the territory "of this Nation
has driven out the saloon. In Georgia 88
ou t of 137 counties have "gone dry" — that
is they have not a single saloon. In Ar
kansas at the recent election 44 counties
went dry to 31 wet, and the State gave a
majority against the saloon. In Ohio, 51
counties drj\ 36 wet; in Mississippi, 61
dry to 14 wet.
"But," he asked, "how can local option
reach our cities, rum-ruled as many of
them are? Well, about one-fourth of the
territory of this State is now without
saloons under the operation of local
option; when all the interior counties are
freed from the saloon and they are all con
verged in this City, then by local option
we will drive it into the downtown wards
and into the lowest streets. Then when we
have it isolated and segregated into one
cesspool of corruption whose stench and
fumes shall appear to rise frem hell itself,
the people educated a* they will be by
that time will, with the surcery of the
law, cut out this cancer — this malignant
ulcer upon our civilization."
BETTER THAN IT WAS.
In Speaking: of ''National Ills," Dr.
Adams Thought Excess In Liquor
Drlnklnjf Was Waning.
Dr. George C. Adams, the new pastor of
the First Qongregational Church, preached
a sermon to a large audience yesterday
morning. The subject was "National Ills,"
but the speaker dealt more with the
.methods of curing national evils than with
the enumeration of them.
He taKes a hopeiul view of the situation,
and would have the pessimist Ircep silent
and go to work.
He took his text from Isaiah, xi, 10
and 5 11, and explained that the isles of
Kedar and Kittim, mentioned by the
prophets, were the farthest west and
the farthest east known to the Israelites
at that time. Isaiah asks if they can find
a nation o: the heathen who had changed
then goda. And yet Israel, who had the
living and true God, was turning away
from him. This turning away from God
was the root of national ills, and no
remedy will be efficacious which does not
reach down to the starting point of a
country's misfortunes.
The doctor quoied the saying of Aristo
tle that "'mail it by nature a political
animal," and said perhaps this was the
reason people look for a political curj for
every ill. This, he think-, is a mistaken
expectation. It is not by party vote tbat
great reforms are likely to be bi ought
about. He elaborated this thought and
mentioned the many parties which had
made futile attempts to carry needed re
forms. But nevertheless he believed that
attention to politics is a necessary part of
practical Christianity. No man has a
moral right to shirk this civic duty. He
knew of some men who would pray fer
vently for the country, but would not go
to the polls ana vote.
The second t ought Dr. Adams sought
to impress upon his hearers was that men
must not become pessimistic because of
the new problems which are now pressing
for solution. We dwell in a transition
period and evils seem fearful mainly be
cause they are new.
We are facing the mo<t tremendous
problems of any age. Tnere is no great
danger that we cannot solve them.
Speaking of the modern l.ouor traffic
being such a bugbear to many "people Dr.
Adams claimed that in the matter of
liqnor drinking the world is not nearly so
bad as it was in the time of our fathers.
In New England a hundred years ago at
every conference of ministers they bad
New England rum to regale them.
In those old days pious men used to
sell Bibles and keep liquor and hops at the
same time. In 1835 an advertisement ap
peared in a Salem paper, signed "Enquire
at Deacon Giles' Distillery." Th« Rev.
G. B. Cheever published a pamphlet satir
izing the" idea of deacanap having distil
leries. He was convicted of libel and im
prisoned 30 days. We are distinctly in
advance of that: estimate of liquor mak
ing. ' o
As to remedy for national ills, the pas
tor said: "Social reform can only be made
by work on individual, souls. Uselessnesa
rather than poverty is the chief evil of
human life. Work needed" to-day is not
that of a party, but the deepening of
respect for law." Enthrone God cm the in
dividual heart and the Nation will be
safe."
FUNERAL OF FATHER LAGAN.
Solemn Mass at the Cathedral on Van
Avenue.
The service of soiemn mass will be held
this morning in the cathedral on Van
Ness avenue at the funeral of Ilev. Mat
thew Lagan, who died in this City last
Friday night.
Father Lagan was for about eleven
years assistant pastor of the parish of the
Sacred Heart. He was heid in hißli esteem
by his people here and his two other
flocks at Redwood City and at San Rafael.
He leaves an older brother in San Rafael,
the Rev. Hueh Lagau, whom he assisted
in the church there. Another brother ia
the prominent physician. Dr. John Lagan.
His father i 3 living In Derry County, Ire
land, and is a centenarian. Father Lagan
was 38 years of age. He was born in Derry
County, Ireland, and had lived in this
State for thirteen years.
A. Christmas Hodgepodge.
Preparations are in progress tor the Christ
mas Hodgepodge which will take place on
Saturday next for the benefit of the San Fran
cisco Nursery for Homeless Children. There
will be tn entertainment during the afternoon
for children when no admission fee will be
charged, but there will be a. fee of 23 cents for
tbe entertainment in the evening.
Ki.-ll Sixteen 1 fit.
James McDonald, a laborer in the employ
ment of Crane i!t Co., 27 Firs', street, was en
gßged yesterday aftarnoon in stacking iron
pipes- He was stnndiug on a crossbeam when
lie missed his footing and fell to the floor, a
distauce of about sixteen leot. He \va* :aken
to the Receiving Hospital in the ambulance,
where it was found that he had escaped wltii
(i lacerated wound owr the ricr.t i-ytbrow.
3CEW TO- DAT. c o
I'WW^^F^^M .^ tim uiating
[W^§J<Lfli beverages like
| |FfB|aMm>£xi tion that leaves
l IIMm^ the s y stem^ &
I'l^^^gM weaker than it
§ m^^^^^S was— only con-
I ■Sg^^^Sn tinued use keeps
iß^Bvl oneup - Onthe
i^r^-^i ° ther hand » a
H - 'jd&s Shirardelli* s
| P^* -^| does not stimu-
-1 .''^.-/ffi%M late,butprovides
ix^i? the true food of
IQ^jjjll^ health. It is a
{jf^^EF^ig-zisb. palatable, easily
'o^^Jx^l stomach digests
; ' ; — — -:
o When Others Fail Consult
DOCTOR SWEANY.
UUU I Uil O if I. nil 1 1
Whose reputation is established by ten years
'of successful practice at 737 Market at., S. V.
Make Ko Mistake. When in Weil ° c
of Medical Treatment Be Sore You
Employ the Physician ) Most Skilled
and Experiencei! in Treating the
• Diseases From Which Yon Suffer.
Doctor Sweany cures after other doc-
tors who did not understand the disease
have failed to cure. He combines skill,
science, learning and experience. His ex-
traordinary ability and remarkable cures
have maae for him an enduring name and
fame, and have eained for him the con-
fidence and esteem of every patient ho has
ever treated.
Thousands all over the land have volun-
tarily written: to him thanking, him for
being cured and praising his wonderful
genius as a physician. «
READ THIS LETTER.
. a SACRAMENTO, Nov. 10, 1898.
DR. F. L. SWHANY— Dear Sir : I feel it is
my duty to write and tell you how grateful I*
leel toward you for curing me of nervous de-
bility. I was almost a total wreok when I first
consulted you, and I was so despondent about
mv condition I was on the point of suicide. I
am now as changed as from the night- to the
day. lam a new man, strong, vigorous; and
_ healthy, and my nerves are as steady as can -
'be. I feel full of energy and confidence . and .
can now work hard all day and never get worn
out like I used to. ; You are truly a great doc-
tor, and I shall always bless the day I con-
sulted you, for you have really saved my life.
Gratefully and sincerely yours,
Every letter published guaranteed pen-
uine under forfeit of $1000. NO; NAMES
or diseases of patients published or ex-
posed without request from patient. All
dealings and correspondence strictly coa-
fidential.
»ERVOIJ§ DEBILITY and all
dis>ea«w s of men and women cured.-
WRITE if hvin" away from tb.3 city.
Book, -Guide to Health." a valuable
treatise on all organs and their diseases,
free on application. o
F. I* SWEATY, If. !>.,
737 Market : Street, San Francisco, Cal.
A he most certain and safe Pain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, Hoarseness. Sow
i.broac ' Bronchitis, - Consestloai ■ and • 1 ntiaiaai*-
Uou £Uc per bottle bola by ut u^»
56
MONDAY *....'. KOVBMBKR SO, 1896
CHARLES .M. SHORTRIDQE.
']'°J; Editor and Proprietor.
• SUBSCRIPTION RATES— Postage . Free: !
,- Pally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .90.16
° pally and Sunday Call, one year, by mall. 6.00
Pally »nd Sunday Call, six months, by mall. 3.00
Pally and Sunday Call, three months b» moll 1.60
Daily and bunday Call, one month, by mall.. .05.
Bunday Call, one year, by mulU 1.60
V «:tli.v Call, one year, by ma 11.... 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
~ TIO Market Street,
San Frauclsco, California.
Telephone.... •• Main— lB6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
BIT Clay Street
Telephone ."......Main— lB74
BRANCH OFFICES:
f"7 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
f :?0 o'clock.
0 SS9 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
\V,. comer Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock. .
167 iMiith tireet ; open until 9 o'clock.
» Market street, open till 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
COS Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and SB, 34 Park Row, New York City.
o DAVID M. FOLTZ, Kastern Manager.
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Now' for holiday trade.
! Early purchasers get the first pick.
Keep.a lookout lor California products.
Read the advertisements and post your
self on "bargain a.
• Any old thins soes now if you call it a
o ° Christmas n.ovelty. 0
Santa Claus owns the original mare tUat
made the money ko. jj '> - : ,
o . Sa'rita'Cjaus rrever hesitates to. count on
.• the home market, and what is more— he
o never gets left. . °
° Eastern people who do not like blizzards
know very well where to come to get out
of the way of "them. ."■'■
„ ° ° o ".'5 — — — • — ;_-~s; . c.
..-. The • funding bill may come up at this
session of» Congress, but it will not stay
• up. The people are onto it.
\. ' The flrst°big "store that makes a conspic
. uous display of California novelties. and
delicacies is going to make a ten-stri&e.
, 'The latest novelty in tricycles is a ma
' chin* jn which you do the riding and an
other -works the pedals. It is the
boss. c ° ■ .
1 >_
°. The coming session of Congress prom
= ises to be dull, but we shall have a lively
■• session of the Legislature to make up
for **• ° c . ,
The report that Cleveland has decided to
• make his future home in Princeton en
.- courages the hope that he may yet learn
something. °  °1;. ° -
• • Cleveland's message in defense of his
administration will not be exactly a char
ity, but all the same it will cover a multi
tude of sins. ° o -,
There is apparently only one way to pre
vent Bryan from continuing his tour of
. agitation sincl that is to employ Tom Wat
-0 son to head him oft. Ot>
o There is a manifest tendency on the part
of many Eastern people to rcriticize 'Bry
an'-s book before he writes it, and that can
hardly be called judicious advertising.
Two things for Californians to do in
Congress this winter are to fight the fund
,o ing bill and work for the establishment of
. a o Department of Mines and Mining.
.' o .Really c it does not matter much now
whether.Cleveland recognizes Cuba or not,
as tie will soon be in a position where
o c Cuba will hardly be able to recognize him.
0 • San Luis°Obispd will be claiming to
1 have the cream of California's population
within her borders this week simply be
• cause is to hold a dairymen's conven
o tion. ° ° -
'. Ohio statesmen evidently figure a long
way ahead, for some of them are said to be
laying plans to defeat Senator Sherman
when he comes* up for re-election two
• years from now.
Our country beats the world .talking of
I international arbitration and the continu
ance of peace, but. as we keep right along
improving our coast defenses- and enlarg
ing our navy nobody regards us as a Na
tion of dreamers.
New York and Wisconsin claim to make
all the Limburger cheese that is used in
this country, but we see nothing: in the
clai-n to be proud of. California can af
ford to turn up her nose at it.
The gold-standard Democratic papers
in. the East are in a queer state of inde
cision whether to set to work reorganizing
their own party or to pass the time advis
ing Republicans not to reform the tariff.
According to the London correspondent
of the Inter Ocean it is reported in England
that ex-President Harrison will be the
o next United States Embassador to that
country, but American news from that
source is always more amusing than in
structive. °
It baa been noted that Colorado gave
Bryan a larger plurality than he obtained
in the five Southern States of Georgia,
Tennessee, North Carolina, Florida and
Louisiana; but the notice is not to the
credit of Colorado. •
Illinois has a new political organization
calling itself the Christian Citizenship
League, and if it carries out all the re
* forms demanded by its platform: it will
have to sweep the State with a new broom
ana mop up, the spot where Chicago was
with hot water. °
, '"'. ■■- ■ ■* . ° ■-
Among the concessions asked of the
managers of the Paris Exposition is one
by an American who wishes to put up a
glass barrel -two feet lone and twenty
seven.feet high, with an American bar in
side of it* and it would seem to be a trans
parent money-making scheme. o
One of the things which will be much
o discussed in California this winter will be
road improvement, and it is probable the
discussion will bring out the fact that dur
ing the past year there .has been much
more improvement of the kind made in
the State than is generally supposed.'
As soon as Congress assembles a Repub
lican caucus will be held to decide
whether tariff legislation shall be at
tempted at this session; but the problem
involves so many tactors t;ie solution will
not be easy, and the chances are that the
whole 1 thin-; will be left for the next 'Con-'
grebs to deal with. o .•
THE HOLIDAY TEADE.
There can be no doubt that the spirit oi
confidence in returning prosperity which
followed the election eof McKinley will
show itself to a marked decree in the holi
day trade of all parts- oi the United
States. We may look forward, therefore,
to livelier and better business this season
than we have known lor several years
past.
When workinpmen are employed they
make good trade for merchants of all de
scriptions. In the aggregate the trade of
what is known as tue working class is
worth more to every ce/umunity than the
trade of millionaires. When labor is fully
employed and well paid a general pros
perity infuses iueif into evwy line of
business, and there are profits lor all.
Jt is true that we cannot expect a res
toration to a degree of prosperity equal to
that of 1892 all at once. Nevertheless we
have made a good beginning. Mills and
factories have opened up in all pans of
the country, and hundreds of thousands
of meu are now receiving good waaes and
have the prospect before them of steady
employment who at this time last year
were either out of work or were living in
fear oi losing their jobs.
In California we have additional rea
sons for expecting a lively holiday trade.
Not only has the election assured us of a
speedy return to a system of protection,
but ail our rural industries have had a
season of more than ordinary prosperity.
Crops have been fairly large, prices have
an upward tendency, and, while it is true
the greater portion of the grain crop was
out of the hands of farmers before the
rise came, even in this case there has been
a considerable gain to the producer over
the conditions of last year.
The growers of fruits, nuts, grapes,
raisins and the producers of wine are con
siderably better off than in late years.
While in several of these industries the
output was not so large as it would have
been had the spriug season been more fa
vorable, the losa in quantity was largely
made up by the increased price, and, as a
whole, the income to the State from these
industries will be satisfactory. The out
look for the oraDge crop is exceptionally
good, both as regards the quantity of the
crop and the price, so that in the orange
growing districts the era of prosperity
may be said to have begun.
All of these things will tend to increase
the trade of the holidays and to put
money into circulation. With improved
trade there wiil come mor<j cheerful and
sanguine feeling among merchants, and
this, in turu, will lead to enlarged orders
from manufacturers. The trade of the
comin» month, therefore, is likely to
prove beneficial in more ways than one.
It will give a stimulus !o industry and en
terprise, and help on the coming of better
times for all.
PROGRESSIVE MERCHANTS,
The activity of merchants on some of
the leading thoroughfares, of the City
gives promise of a vast improvement in
our streets as regards both lighting and
paving. Progressive men have succeeded
in arousing their neighbors to the impor
tance of improving the streets on which
they do business in order that the busi
ness itself may be improved, and such is
the ardor with which the new movement
has been undertaken that there is good
reason for believing we shall see impor-'
tant results- attained- in this work in all
quarters of the City.
The success achieved by the business
men. aud property-owners in advancing
the trade of several streets by improved
lighting has not been lost upon the mer
chants and property - owners 1 of other
localities. What has been effected in one
place can undoubtedly be effected in
others by the same means, and as a con
sequence the new plan has been taken r.p
elsewhere and is being vigorously pushed
forward.
There can be no question bnt that a
large number of the principal thorough
fares of the City are in great need of im-.
provement. The condition of our streets
is in fact one of the greatest defects of our
municipal iife. We hay* hardly a good
street in the City. Scarcely a sinele thor
oughfare of business is either paved or
lighted in a way to make it comfortable
to residents or attractive to visitors. Any
movement, therefore, which tends to im
provement in these respects is one which
deserves the commendation of popular
opinion and the support of public spirit.
San Francisco will not fail to cive due
credit to her progressive merchants and
property-owners who are now doing co
much to advance the streets in which
they are interested. They Have set an
example which sooner or later will be fol
lowed even by men who up to this time
have hesitated to spend a dollar for the
improvement of their property. More
over, the influence of the example set in
this way will have its effect upon the mu
nicipal government and the people at
large, so that within the near future we
may look to see a new era in street work
begun which will result in providing San
Francisco with streets and highways com
mensurate with her position among the
cities of the United States.
THE DAIRY .INDUSTRY.
During the coming week there is to be
held in Ban L<u!s Obispo an institute for
the consideration of the industries of
farming and dairying, which lias attracted
considerable attention from the people of
that section and promises to be of no little
benefit to them.
From the proeramme arranged for the
meeting, as published by the San Luis
Obispo Breeze, it seems the principal in
terest in the institute will be that of dairy
ing. The chief papers to be read at the
meeting will deal with some phase of that
industry and are to be read by men who
are thoroughly competent to deal with-it.
There can be no question of the impor
tance of developing this industry to a
much greater extent than it has at present
in California. The report of the State
Dairy Bureau, just issued, says there has
been imported into our market from the
East for the year ending October 1, 1896,
608,200 poundßof butter, and during the
same time 639,840 pounds of cheese. It is
certainly strange that in a State so well
adapted to the dairy industry as ours,
such a large importation of dairy products
should be needed to supply the demauds
of the people.
Even in its present condition, however,"
California dairying is a considerable
source of wealth, and occupies an im
portant position amon? the industries of'
the State. The Dairy Bureau reports that
the value of the products of our dairies for
the year ending October 1 was in the ag
gregate $12,331,000. The industry is car
ried on mainly in the counties of Marin,
Humboidt, San Luia Obispo, Sonoma,
Monterey, Santa Cruz, Santa Clara, San
Mateoand Los Angeles, the* three last
named counties being the largest manu
facturers of cheese.
It is noted in the report of the State
Bureau that the operation of the law
against the sale of oleomargarine and
bulterine as butter has proven very ef
fective in promotine the welfare of the
industry. In a period ol fourteen months
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30. 1896.
before the new law went into effect
over 450,000 pounds of oleomargarine and
butterine were sold in the State, entailing
a loss to the d.airy industry of about
?100,000. The benefits of the law have so
much encouraged the dairymen that they
propose to ask for further legislation in
the same direction. The industry there
fore seems to be in a fair way of improve
ment, and, no doubt, the coming institute
at San Luis Obispo will do much to pro
mote it in many ways.
CALIFORNIA MINES.
The Redding Free Press gives a carefully
considered review of the mining outlook
for Shasta County, which in its main lines
will apply equally well to almost all the
«nining districts of the State. It not only
shows the brightening prospects of the
miners, but gives the reasons why the
new prosperity is coming.
After referring to some mines in Shasta,
which heretofore have been considered of
small value, it goes on to say:
These same properties are now being worked
to a profit, simply because the work is being
done on business lines and es legitimate busi
ness enterprises. New and improved ma
chinery aud methods are being employed,
and success is. now the rule where formerly
failure and financial disaster were the com
mon results of mismanagement and wildcat
specu:atiou. The sensible business methods
adopted and the solid work done in explora
tion have fully demonstrated the permanency
and great extent of our mineral deposits.
The same reasons which are bringing
the mines of Shasta to the favorable con
sideration of capitalists are operating
throughout all the mining counties of
California. The new era in mining is to
be an era of legitimate business aided and
aumnented by improved processes, better
machinery and larger capital. These
forces working together cannot fail to
produce great results, and not in Shasta
only, but throughout the State, can there
be found many mines which were form
erly considered of small value, but are
now either yielding good profits to the
workers or else revealing evidences of ore
which will largely repay the capitalists
who furnish the machinery and the skill
to develop them.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
Sir William Armstrong's company at Els
wick obtained a contract October 17, through
their resident agent in China, J. J. Bucheister,
for the building of two cruisers for the Chi
nese navy.
The total number of torpedo-boat destroyers
In the British navy built, building or ordered
is ninety and it is expected that orders lor ten
more, of five knots greater speed ihr.n the
fastest yet built, will be ordered given the
end of the fiscal year, making 100 altogether.
Sir Edward Reed, ex-chief constructor of the
British navy, has been engaged by the Chilean
Government to superintend the construction
of a battle-ship of 8500 tons and a cruiser of
4500 tons, the latter to -have a speed of twenty
three knots. Both vessels are being built at
Elswick.
Drydock 15 In the Pembroke dockyard has
been practically completed and water.let into
it. In ease of emergency the dock is ready for
'use, but as no ship is likely to want it the work
of finishing will not be hurried. England is
steadily adding to her docking facilities in the
dockyards, a policy which has been partly
followed" in this country, with this notable
difference, that docks have been built here
where there are no repairing facilities and
where vessels can only enter when the moo«
is full.
There is considerable activity in navy build
ing in Russia. An 8800-ton battle-ship of the
Rotislaw type is to be laid down at Nikolaieff.
The gun vessel Uilyab of 900 tons will be
launched during this month from the .new
Admiralty yard to make room for the Pa 11 ad a,
a cruiser of the British Diana type, to be built.
At the Baltic yard an enlarged Russia oi
14,000 tons hns teen begun* aud several tor
p«do-boats are under construction. Tne bat
tle-ship; Oslabga and Peresriet are to be
launched next spring. At St. Petersburg a
coast defence armorclad of the General Ad
miral type is also to be laid down.
The Loire, a French steam transport of 1200
'tons built in 1855, and for many years laid
up at Saigon as a hulk, was recently sold to
ship-breakers. Lee Sing Yee, a Hongkong
Chinese, bought her for $9025 and will tow
her to Hongkong. This will cost $4000. but
still the purchase is a very profitable oue, as
the copper in her hull is worth over $12,000,
her oak frames and planking may bring
$12,000 and the fittings $0000. Old-time
snips of the navy oi merchant service' are
vastly more valuable than metal chips of the
past twen.y years, the material of which all
goes in the scrap heap and brines but a beg
garly amount after a heavy expense in break
ing up the ship. #
The armored cruiser Carlo Alberto, a sister
ship to the Veita Pizani, was launched at
Spezzia on September 23 in the presence of. the
King of Italy. The *hip is of CSOO tons dis
placement— about 2000" smaller than our New
York— but much has been i.cco'mplished on
this small displacement, She has an all
around belt with additional plating in wake
of the battery, the- maximum thickness of
steel being 6 inches. Tne battery is case
mated; the' guns are separated by bulkheads,
protected overhead by. 2-inch steel, and the
armored deck underneath is 1.4 inches in
thickness. The main battery consists of
twelve 5.9-inch quick rirers.of whloh eight are
on broadside aud four in the corners of the
casemate. She carries also six 4.7-inch, ten
2.2-iucn, eight 1.4-incU quick -firers and has
five torpedo-tubes. The machinery is triple
expansion, calculated to develop 13,000
horsepower and give a speed of twenty knots.
The coal supply will bj 1000 tons aud the ship
will also have arrangements for carrying
liquid fuel. Her complement will number
4J30 officers and men. The New York of the
United States navy displaces with 1300 tons
oi coal on board about 8740 tpns, at which
her sea speed may reach 2J knots. Her belt, 4
inches thick, extends along amidships for
about 160 feet, but there is uo further protec
tion to h r battery than of the six 8-inch
rifles in turrets, while the twelve 4-inch rapid
flrers have only the usual shield protection.
Her secondary battery consists oi eight
6-pounders, four 1-pounders and four gat
lings. The New York is capable of attacking
armorclads with mouerate protection, but the
Carlo Alberto is more competent to deal with
cruisers.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE
In one room of the Maine Central Railroad
general offices are employed a son of Joseph
M. Manley, a nephew of Arthur Sewall and a
nephew oi Thomas B. Heed.
The richest man in Germany's diplomatic ser
vice is young Baron yon Crainer-Klett, who is
an attache of tne Bavarian Legation at Rome.
He is the son of a inamifacturei who died in
1884 and left 80,000,000 murks.
Dr. Dawson Tucker hns discovered that the
Roentgen rays exist in nature— namely, the
ordinary glow worm, whose light penetrates
thin sheets of aluminum and other substances.
TM Belgian Cap.tain Lothalre, who lorded
it over the Congo region for four years, with
power of life and death, has been coruuelled
by a Drosiiic civil court in Belgium to pay the
cost of a wedding trousseau ordered by his
jilted sweetheart.
The extreme of luxury has perhaps been
reached by the Sultan of Morocco. He has a
narrow-gauge railway running, through all
the rooms of his palace and travels about on a
sort of sleigh propelled by a little motor. The
"line" ends at his bedroom.
Loochoo, China, is excited over the recent
appearance on her streets of a dwarf who ap
pears to be about 50 years old, but is only
twenty inches in height. He has a long gray
beard,' which almost reaches the ground, and
talks several Chinese dialects quite fluently.
He says that he is from tuo "kingdom of the
dwarfs by 7 the Western Ocean," but further
than that no one knows any thins about him.
A YOUTHFUL HERO OF THE SEA.
The British steamer Marino, which recently
arrived at the Azores, reported a week pre
vious to reaching port a marvelous escape
from destruction. The story included! an ac
count of the heroic conduct of a boy of 14,
Horace Comer — conduct which stamps him as
a real hero. During the previtlenee of a storm,
while the ship was laboring heavily, a noise
•was heard far above ibe roaring of the gale
and au immense volume of flame shot up from
the main deck. It was found that a number
of iron ilrums of chemicals had been lorced
adrift and the contents ignited. Dense vol
umes of suffocating smoke rose and drove the
men from their posts of Unty. At this critical
moment every man left the engine-room ex
cept the chief engineer ami his four assistants,
who stuck manfully to the engines, and
throughout" the whole time carried out the
Horace Comer, the Eoy Whose Con
duct Averted a Great Disaster.
orders telegraphed to them below by the cap
tain. The mau at the wheel was driven from
his post, but in an instunt Captain Murray
took his place. The Marino was put before
the wind, a task which required great skill in
such terrific weather.
At th:s juncture a number of the crew as
seraDled <.n the poop. They had come to the
conclusion that the vessel wns doomed and
that nothing they could do could save her,
and having provided themselves with life
belts they awaited their fate. At this moment
a little figure was seen approaching, ana
young Comer, bareheaded and with his trous
ers tucked under his arm, stood before them.
"What's the use of going on like that, men ?"
said r>e. "It we have to >lie, let's die like men
':imi Englishmen?" These were brave wonls,
and at such an awfiu moment braver words
were never spoken. The men looked at each
other and seemed to understaad keenly the
complete abjectness oi their position, and
fired by the little hero's words they returned
to that part of the ship which they had so hur
ritd quitted a short time before. At 3:30
o'clock next morning Cf.ptaiu Murray ana
the brave fallows who ha<l so manfully helped
him saw the reward of their labor— the fire
extinguished aud their skip brought out ot
danger.
AN AERIAL ELOPEMENT.
Come fir with me, my aeroplane .
Is tugging at Its anchor chain:
We'll slip our cable, mount, and feel
The old world drop below our keel. '
Come fly with me, my airship waits
With wings a-flutter at your gates;
While deep in night this planet gropes
We'll climb the upper stellar slopes.
Come fly with me, beneath the arch
Of swelling blue we'll join the march—
Tue stately constellations' dance.
Down through the heavens' wide expanse.
Come fly with me. sweet to our ears ■
Will come the music of the spheres
- When yonder solar system jars .. .
In the aria of the stars.
Come fly with me, my love, we'll stray
• Along the misty MHJcv-Wa/;
We'll speed around the cycle track
Where wheels the whir ing zodiac.
Come fly with me, we'll chase the Bear
And Ursa Minor to his la r;
We'll crag hull Taurus from his pen
And beard old Leo in his den.
Come fly with me o'er starry seas.
We'll sail amons the l'leludes, - ■
We'll tempt the aitral that blow
Loud in old Saturn's beard of snow.
_ Come fly with me, we'll soar and sail
Up wtiere the comet whisks his tall;
We'll take In Venus as we move
Along, and meet the Queen of Love.
Come fly with me, away we'll bound
Where distant Neptune goes his round,
Where Jupltpr la glory turns.
Where -Mara, the ruddy war-star, burns.
Come fly wl:h me. out in the voids
We'll chase the fleets of aneroids;. ,
In airy race away we'll skip
With Argo Navls— skyey ship.
Come fly with me, we'll take a run
Around some mighty central sun,
And orb among the rolling spheres
Throughout the long sidereal years.
Come fly with me, my aeroplane
With wings a-sp:ead tu^s at her chain.
We'll slip our lines, sprang up *" feel \ •■
The old wcrld drop below our keel.
'.'•■ . . i "V. '■!:!.. ■■>•:». :
San Francisco, November 29.
PERSONAL.
W. H. Brown of Napa is at the Rubs with his
wife.
C. L. Miller of San Juan is visiting at the
Lick.
L. Gerlach of Stockton arrived last night at
the Grand.
H. Z. Osbqrne, the Los Angeles editor, is at
the California.
Dave Hirshfeld, a Bakersfield merchant, is a
guest at the Lick.
S. Hartman, a Merced merchant, is regis
tered at the Grand.
A. L. Peterson of Vinton, the creamery man,
is a guest at the Russ.
George Mainhart, a mining man of Grass
Valley, is at the Grand.
James Seadler, a Sacramento lumber dealer,
is on a visit at the Grand.
John F. Ellison, an attorney of Red Bluff,
is registered at the Grand.
Miss 11. V. Jemlsou of Fort Bragg -is a guest
at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
D. R. Oliver, a mining man of Sonora, ar
rived at the Lick yesterday.
J. «R. Barnett, the Ukiah stage-line man, ar
rived at the Russ last night.
W. B. Ambrose, a merchant of Lockeford, is
among the guests at the Grand.
G. D. McLean, a mining man of Grass Valley,
registered at the Lick last night
W. L. Noiris, a commercial man of Cincin
nati, is at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A. W. SimDson, the Stockton lumber dealer,
arrived at the Occidental yesterday.
Dr. J. R. Curnon of San Jose is at the Lick
with O. A. Hale, his follow townsman.
'Dan P. Donahoe. Sheriff of Yuba County, i?
at the Grand with his son. Dan P. Donahoe Jr.
Dr. Dresbach Smith of the Napa Insane
Asylum registered last night at the Califor
nia.
J. F. Burch, a merchant of Tdlare, arrived at
the Lick yesterday on a visit to purchase holi
day goods.
Lieutenant W. P. Day, U. 8. N., arrived hero
yesterday in the Doric irom the Orient and is
staying at the Occidental.
Carl L. Clemans, o journalist of Washington
and Stanford's old football hero, arrived at the
Lick last night with his bride.
R. Guggenneim of New York, a heavy im
porter oi Japanese goods, returned from the
Orieut yesterday on the Doric.
C. HamDton, a hardware and mining imple
ment dealer of Mnrysvi.le, regis.l«sred at the
Occidental lust ni?ht with his wife.
Among the latest arrival* at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel are: I. H. Barron and wife of Ophir,
pioneers who crossed the plains in 1851.
J. F. Burch of Tulare, who Is in the land
department of the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company, is makiug a short visit at the Lick.
Among the arrivals at the Russ last nisrht
were John Bray and R. M. C. Hill of Worton
and A. J. Meyers oi Price's Valley, three stock
raisers.
Professor Daniel W. Loring, for whom the
Loring .'incing Club of ihe City was named,
returned yesterday from Honolulu with his
wife and Miss Loring aud went to his home in
Berkeley.
8. A. Belinge and wife arrived in the City
yesterday on a pleasure tour of the Pacific
Coa-st. They aro registered at the Cosmopoli
tau Hotel.
Delia Fox and theatrical company returned
yesterday to the Baldwin after completing
their California engagement. They have can
celed the Portland engagement, and will rest
here uuiii Wednesday before starling for Og
den and Salt Lake city, after v successful tour
of the larger show cities of this State.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
First Westerner— Pete is down with lung
trouble aguln.
Second Westerner— What's the matter with
his lungs?
First Westerner— lie's got a bullet in one of
'em.— Puck.
Bobby— Ma. you said that I wasn't to eat that
piece of cake in the pantry, because it would
make me sick.
Mother— Yes, Bobby.
Bobby (convinciugly / — But, ma, it hasn't
made me sick.— Answers.
A good cricket story is told of the late Bishop
of Rochester. He was batting in a local cricket
match when the bowler sent a ball very wide
of the wicket. "Keep the bail in the parish?"
cried the irascible Bishop. The next ball
knocked his Lordship's middle stump out.
The yokel shouted: "I think that's somewhere
about the dioceee, my Lud?"— Til-Bits.
"Do you think." said the young man who
had gone into politics, "that a man in my
position can afford to bo indifferent to public
opinion?"
"I don't know," said Senator Sorghum,
tbouglufu'ly. "How much is your private in
come? I '— Washington Star.
"The age of chivalry is entirely past," she
said.
"I don't know about that," the young man
answered.
"Men can't engage in duels to settle affairs
of tho heart. '
"Xo; but they can join rival footDall teams."
Washington Star.
REVIVAL OF BUSINESS
Dun's I'.eilew
The pain in volume of business continues
entirely without precedent. More than 390
establishments have started work since the
election which were idle, and at least 300
have Increased working force, making 030
concerns which are known to have added
largely to the number of hands at work, and
these are only part o,f the" whole number.
Every day thus *ilds thousands to the number
of those who are able 10 t. uy a week's supplies
and to make up gradually lor many months of
enforced economy. Already this brings great
increase in the volume of business, and the
clearing-house exchange*, for the first time in
several years, not only exceed those of last
year by 10 per cent, but al-o exceed those of
the same week in 1B!>2 by 0 per cent. Busi
ness men are all anxious to prevent anythin g
like the fictitious exci:onient of la"st summer,
ami In nearly all branches an excessive rise in
prices is prevented. But with more hands at
work there is inevitably a greater demand for
supplies, materials and products.
LADY'S BELTED BLOUSE
A belted blouse of unusual attractiveness 1b
shown here. In this particular instance it
was a waist of fancy silk, to be worn with
separate skirts, but the same model is seen In
costumes of one fabric.
A dress of wool In blue, with a white figure,
had an edpre of narrow Valenciennes lace on
every ruffle, with bauds to match it length
wise on the bodice.
Noveity goods wi»h a violet and green silk
lining, had the rufflas lined with tiny pleat
incs ot the stlk. These pleatings appeared
again on the waltt, being set on .lenxthw.se.
two inches apart, two on either side, «nd one
directly In the center, at the opening. Tne
pleating is the finest made, and is an inch and
an eighth wide when finished.
The waist has a (Itted iining; the ruffle is cut
circular and slightly riiffl-d.
California glace iruit pudaiug.Townsend's.*
Special information dally to manufacturer*,
business nouses and public men by the Prejj
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
Mistress— What a fearful smell of gas! I sup
pose, Bridget, it is all right in the dining
room?
Bridget— Oh, yes, mum. I blew it out a long
time ago in there.— London Kun.
Through Sleeping Cars to < hiraeo.
The Atlantic and I'aciflc Katlroad, Santa F«
rouie, will coatinue to run daily through from
Oakland to Chicago Pullman palace drnwinK-rooru
also upholv.erca tourist, sleepln K -c«rs. leaving
every afternoon. Lowest through rates to all
points In the United Stntes, Canada, Mexico or
Europe Kxcursions through Boston leave every
week. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephona main 1531
Oakland, 1118 Broadway.
Phlllipß* Kock Island .Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday,, Via Rio
Grande and ' Rock Island Kallwara. - . Through
tourist sleeping-cars to Chicago and Boston. Man
ager and powers accompany these excursions to
Boston. For tickets, sleeping-car accommodations
and further information, address Clinton Jones,
General Agent > Mock Island Railway, 3a Mom
gomery street, s-an Franclsao. -v/. ;.-.•:;
Through Car to St. Faul and Minneapolis
An el-'Kamly upholstered tourist-cur leav is Oak
land every Tuesday evening at 7 o'clock tor all
points in Jdon:*na, North Dukotn and Minnesota.
No chance of cars. Dlnin^-ecrs on all trains. Come
and get our rates if you ex pec. tomalcea trip to
any Eastern Pom:. T. K. S ateler. General Agent
Northern PaclJic Ry. Co., 638 Market street, t. F.
"Mm. "WinaloWg Soothing Syrup"
Has been , nse<l over fi!.y years by millions of
mothers fcr their children white Teething with per
fect success. it foo.hes the child, softens he gums,
allays Fain, cures Wind Colic, regulates he Bowels
anil Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether aris
ing iroin tee. or other causes, l orsaie by drug
gists in every part of the world. 15 • sure and ask
lor Mr*. Wius.ow's hootlitng Syrup, . 25c a bottle.
Coboxapo.— Atmosphere * is' perfectly' dry, soft
and mild, 1 being entirely '. Iree from the mists com
mon further north. . Hound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board a: the Hotel Jet
Coronado, $65: longer stay 92 50 per Jay. \ Apply
4 New Montgomery st., Han Francisco.
Don't let your ch.ld strangle with whooping
cough, when a bottle of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral
can be had for a dollar.
Colonel Fred Follis 111.
# . Colonel Fred •Follis,. son of Richard Follls
and brother of , Mrs. P., de Vecchi, hag been
seriously ill for the past few days." ■ He was op
erated on ye.sterdav morning for appendicitis
at his residence. 2230 Washington street. •'".;'
• Dr. Morse ; performed the operation and was
nssisted by Prs. de Vccchi and MacMonagel.
The doctors afterward pronounced the condi
tion of their patient to be most favorable.
STORY OF THE ELECTION.
Comparison Btwn the States ; Which
toted for llt.Kiuley and for Bryan.
'" Providence Journal. :
Here Is the story of the election as figures
from the last United States census tell it. In
round numbers twenty-five States with a popu
lation of 45.500,000 voted -for JlcKinley, and
twenty States with a population of 25,000,000
voted for Bryan. In other words, almost two
thirds of the population are in States that
repudiate iree silver. The total industrial
wealth of those twenty-five McKinley States is
$47,384,717,970, while The twenty Bryan
States have but $16,650,354,934, or about one
third as much, an average of ?834,010,.249 to
theMcKinley States' average of $1,893,388,
-719, more than twice as much.
But when educational statistics are taken,
then is the contest best shown, perhaps. Just
22 per cent of the silver States' population is
illiterate (unable to read or write), wliiiebut
7.5 per cent of the sound-money States' popu
lation is thus deficient. Briefly, there are
three times as many illiterates in the silver
States as in sound-money States. Figured out,
though the McKinley States are nearly twice
as populous, they contain but 3,406, 9 I.lit
erates to 5, 215 in the Bryan Slates. One
or two 01 the ilcKinley States may yet be
transferred 10 the Bryan column. Ii so, it
would only serve to make the contrast greater.
. STATES FOB M'KINX.KY.
Per cent
of illiter
(Popnlatlon. Wealth. ates.
California 1.220.000 * 2,533,733.627 8
Connecticut.... 800.000 SSS.IVtO.'JIQ 6
Delaware 179. 00 175.678,795 14
Illinois. 4,500.000 751,719 5
Indiana 3.1:^5..>60 -5r,09 5.1 76.626 «
10wa...... 2,000.000 2,V87,348,383 4
Kentucky 2.200.000 .1,172 313 22
M.ulnu..': 732,000 489,1.^4,128 5
Maryland .. 1.138,318 1,085,473.048 16
Massachusetts. 2,495, 345 -,(>o:t.6i->,447 . 6
Michigan ,297,000 2.09:. ,01 ,272 6
.Minnesota. l.mo.Ouu ; 1,691,851.9^7 6
NwHampsnlie. 400,"JOO 325.12w.740 7
New Jersey.... 1,672.842 1.446.285,11* 6
New York 6 69u.84"J 8,576 701,991 5
> or. h Dakota.. '225,000 837,00t>,506 6
0hi0.... 4,00000» 3,851 ,3b'2,fc84 5
Oregon 400.000 590,5J6.149 4
Pennsylvania.. 5.780.1.8 6.19J.746 .50 7
Rhode Island.. 384.758 t04,16-.',352 10
South Dakota.. 332.000 425,141,299 4
Vermont. 340.000 265,567,323 7
West Virginia.. 8.5 000 438.954.881 14
Wisconsin. 1.957.915 1,830,808.628 7
Wyoming...... 100,000 169,773,710 3
Totals .^...45,4*6,338 $47,384,717,976
• . , BKCAPITULATION. .
States 25
Average population 1,817,053
Average wealth $1,895,388,719
Average per cent Illiteracy 7.5
Average wealth per capita. ... ..... $1,014
f TAXES FOB BRYAN, '
'-- 1 i • ' ■ ; " '.'■• %■>: : *' .Per cent
;.:i.. . Ofilllter-
Population, Wealth. «ates.
Alabama .:.... l,eOOO()0 $622,773,505 41
Arkansas...... 1,600,000 455,147,42-2 27
Colorado.. 450.00Q • 1,146,7i2,2t>7 a
Florida 48...000 389,489,388 28
Georgia 1,984.939* . .852.409,449 40
Idaho 1.50.000* -.07.986,591 5
Kansas 1.850.0&0. 1,799.343.507 4
l^juisiaun 1.V25.000 495.301,697 •46
Mibssjippi 1,351,850 . 454,24*2.688 40
Missouri 3.200,000 3,397.902,945 9
Montana 185.000 453,135,299 6
Nebraska 1,158 1,275,685.514 3
Nevada. 60,000 • 180,!j23.668 13 |
N. Carolina.. .. 1,720,000 584,148,999 38
£. Carolina.... 1.375.000 400,911. 45
Tennessee. 1,800,000 887.956,143 27
Texas 2.838.263; 2.105,576,766 . 20
.Utah.......... 254.743 '349.411,234 *-6
Virginia. 1,750,00J 862.318.070 3)
Washington.. 4 1 5.000 760.698.7*6 . 4
Totals ...... 24,93.',795 $16,680,384,984
BKCAPITCLATIOK.
States. % * ao
Aver, population 1,246.639
Average wealth .• $834,019.
Average per cent Illiteracy .' 22
Average wealth per capita $668
WHAT IS CANNOT DO.
The Republican landslide can restore confi
dence, but unfortunately in cannot prevent
the Treasury deficit from growing right along
under a Democratic administration.— Kansas
City Journal.
HIS FIRST HIT.
Bryan's friends will be grati tie 1 to learn that
he has shut a deer. It is the first hit he has
made since the Chicago convention.— 3t. Louis
Globe-Democrat.
A NEW SACRED EDIFICE.
St. I'aul's Protestant Episcopal Church
Was Dedicated by Bishop Nichols
Yesterday.
The nandsome new St. Paul's Protestant
Episcopal church, at the corner ot Cali
fornia and Fillmore streets, was dedicated
yesterday by the Right Reverend Bishop
Nichols.
The building, which is an imposing
structure of English Gothic architecture,
stands on the site of the old wooden
church, which' was removed to make way
lot a more commodious place of worship.
It was commenced just 120 days ago, and
hurried forward to completion that it
might be dedicated on the first Sunday in
Advent, the beginuing of* the new year in
the Protestant Episcopal church.
The Bishop in the dedicatory services
was assisted by the Rev. W. M. Rielly,
the Rector of St. Paul's, Rev. R. C. Foute
of Grace Episcopal Church, Rev. W. H.
Morelami oi St. Luke's, Rev. J. A. Emery
of the Church of the Advent, Rev. Hoburt
Chetwood of St. James' Mission, Rev. W,
I. Kip of the chapel of the Good Samari
tan and Rev. Mr. Mynard.
The music was rendered by a full sur
pliced choir of young gentlemen and
ladies, the latter in white gowns and
black mortar-boards, and a qdartet, con
sisting of: Miss Mabel Love, soprano;
Mrs. Homer Henley, contralto; J. Des
mond, tenor, and Harry Melvin, basso.
The entire force of twenty-four voices was
under the direction of Professor F. Katzen
bach, the orcanist. An offertory solo was
grandly sun» by Homer Henley. The
beautiful anthem, "I Waited for the
Lord," was rendered by Mrs. Homer Hen
ley and Miss Mabel Love.
During the services addresses were made
by ißishop Nichols and Rev. Mr. Foute,
in which they spoke of the difficulties
that D^set the builders of the splendid
edifice at the beginning of their labors.
But so energetic and rapid had been their
work that only 120 days elapsed while the
structure was buiit from foundation to
steeple.
The building cost $15,000, of which $5000
has not been raised. The friends of the
church have been liberal in their dona
tions, and the present indebtedness will
doubtless soon be cleared off.
.■ The heating apparatus was provided
gratuitously by J. B. Sietson and the elec-
I triclignt system by John I. Sabin. The
church will be consecrated when free of
debt.
Throughout the interior the woodwork
is of solid oak. The main front of the
building is in light red sandstone with a
handsome tin kali.
ST. ANDREW'S DAY.
I.ei-oM* lininn by R-, v . Dr. Spalding
From the Life of the Saint. ,
Yesterday being St. Andrew's day the
Rev. Dr. Spaiding ot St. John's Episcopal
Church took for his text the words of the
Lord, "What seek ye?" spoken to that
apostle when, with a fellow-disciple, he
first sought him.
He first pave an outline of St. Andrew's
life, of how he was converted by the
teaching of St. John the Baptist and im
mediately sought the Lord and, having
found him, was not satisfied until he
brought his brother to him a;so.
From this life Dr. fcpaldingdrew several
beautiful lessons, lirst that o? repent
ance — bow every one must -eeek the
Savior through tiie experience of reient
ance, which does not mean simply beinir
sorry for wrongs done, but also a ttii-rough
giving-up of self and living lives 1 tor
Ofarist. The next lesson was that of the
utter unselfishness ot St. Andiew'sjife.
He did not a?k for position or wealth.
He slmpiy wanted Jesus, and when he
found him he wanted to work for him a::d
wanted others to share in the happiness
which he foi.nd in that work. His death,
as his life, teaches the beautiful lesion of
uuaelnshuesa.
A MINING BUREAU
FOR THE PARK
A Proposition to Have It
Maintained Where Peo
ple Can See It.
A Test to b9 Made With a
Vapor Lamp ior Park
Illumination.
The Park Force of Laborers to be
Reduced by Forty To-day— Attrac-
tions at B.ach ani Chutes.
Parties who desire to advertise the in
dustry to the fullest will at the next ses
sion of the Legislature endeavor to have
that body pass an act authorizing the ap
propriation of a sum sufficient to estao.
lidh the State Mining Bureau in Golden
Gate Park, and if possible to enlarge its
scope. It is also proposed to have located
within the same grounds an institution
to be maintained at the expense of the
State in which shall be exhibited pro
ducts from all parts of California, in
onler to show its resources, something
after the exhibit" of the State Board of
Trade, and make it also a bureau of-in
formation.
President Austin of the Park Commis
sion, when asked if the commissioners
had any knowledge of these propositions,
said :
"I am of the opinion that they would
be extremely useful exhibits and if they
could be seen by thousands oi people -who
visit the park they would prove the great
est kind of an advertisement for the State.
Everybody in the City and every stranger,
whether from the interior of the State or
from abroad, comes out here, and they
would be great attractions which they
would not miss seeing.
"If the State will authorize such ex«
bibits in the park we will give all the
room required. Where could they be es
tablished ? Well, they will be put up near
the museum. The three, in close prox
imity to one another, would form interest
{ in c educational exhibits.''
To-day between forty and fifty of ib«
laborers in Golden Gate Park will" be cHs
rais s ed. The reason for this," said Su
perintendent McLaren, "is that nearly all
the work that was laid out has been al
most liinsheu, and what remains to be
done can be accomplished with a much
smaller force than we have had. At this
season, for instance, there is no need for
men to water the grounds."
On the subject of lights with which to
illuminate the park Superintendent Mc-
Laren stated he had received some re
plies to his questions sent to park officials
in the East, prom these it appears that
in St. Louis the parks are not lighted all
night; in New York arc lignts and vapor
lights are used; in Fairmount Park, Phila
delphia, gas is the illuminator; in Cleve
land, Ohio, vapor lights are used, and
Chicago, which has been using electricity,
is substituting tbe vapor lights.
One of the lamps, such as are used in
Cleveland, has been received by the Com
missioners, who will put it in operation
to compare it with an arc light. It is very
similar to the lamps used by the gas com
pany of this City, but in one corner there
is a small tank which contains a special
liquid that runs into an arrangement at
the bottom of tho lamp, where it is con
verted into an inflammable gas, said to be
equal in illuminating power to electricity,
and but one-third the cost.
Ttie grading of the grand court has been
completed except at the southern end,
where the bandstand will be located. The
contract for the stand wili not be let this
winter.
Reuben H. Lloyd has donated to the
park museum two pieces of tappa from
the South Sea islands. Tappa was the
substitute of the ancient natives for blan
kets and is extremely rare, as none is made
now.
The most attractive feature presented to
the audience in the Stitro Baths yesterday
was the swim of J. C. Saxton under the
surface, he swam from one end of the
long tank to within a iew feet of the other
end, breaking the world's record of 248
feet.
Arrangements are nearly completed for
the international tug-of-war, which will
commence December 13 and close Decem
ber 20. There will be twelve teams, repre
senting America, Ireland, Scotland, Ger
many, Norway. Sweden, Denmark, Italy,
England, Canada, Blavonia and Portugal.
The Chutes were crowded all the after
noon, and toward evening C. W. Vosiner
made a very tine ascent with his balloon
rising higher than any aeronaut who ever
left the grounds. After remaining up nine
minute? he cut loose and came down with
his parachute near Lacuna Honda, the
time of his descent being three minutes
and a half. Ujually the moment a para
chute is cut loose the balloon turns, col
lapses and reaches the ground before the
aeronaut, out yesterday the sphere re
mained stationary for four minutes after
Vosmer cut away before it turned.
An exciting event at the grounds was a
potato race for boys with toy wheelbar
rows. Ther« were six entries and three
prizes, $3. $2 and $1. The winners in
onler were: George Simmons, Ed White
and Joe S rnraons.
K£W TO-DAY.
It takes more
time and care
to make
* o
—yet some am-
monia * and
starch baking
I
powders cost >
just as much.
f Tillmaca & Bendcl, UfrsMONDAY NOVEMBER Mi, 1898
... A.V,!.StftltMS.
Baldwin Thkateb —"Dr. Belgraff."
"Columbia Ihi «im -The New -outh." °
Xckom'i's C pmA-Koibi-- Midnight Alarm."
o ••i.i i Opkb* Hovsk.- The LIUle Duke."-
(.KrnrcM— Vaudeville. '
• Alcazar Thkatkß;. ■ End of ihe Century."
>'kk Bijshstkekt Theater.— T. A. Kennedy,
it* Hypouilsu
■UK Chutes ANT) Sk«.TI.VO Rl-VK. — Dally at
i-».i<ili. street, one block east of the Park.
fcl i Hi. J«/.- i:s— l:.-ili!f- : ,,. • •.<TforTTn~<M
Pacific Coast Jock'ky Cr.rn. — Races to-day.
AUCTION : At.. S.
rv Cook & Co.— Tli is day. November SO, Chlna-
i'!«-. pi i":< Keerny be, Ht 2 o'clock.
By Mapigax «fc Co.— This day, November SO,
Wnuoris. etc., nt 1139 M ssion street.
BY C. vV. Ki.FviN.i- day, November 80,
Furniture, at hOi: Montgomery st.. at 1 o'clock.
By s. J *(■<•>■ — This day (Monday), Groceries,
at Sl9-321 s. utritmt.M 10:30 o'clock.
Is Fasti.v or KLiminGK. — Tuesday, December
J. Real Kstuie, cl salesroom, 63$ Market street, at
IC o'clock.
1 T K. S. t-TKAK £ Co.— Wednesday. Decem-
ber 9, Unclaimed Hoods, at 31-33 butter street, at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Ships for Hawaii are being built here.
The Mauna Loa will sail for Honolulu to
day.
Forty laborers of the park force will be dis
charged to-day. f
lime. Zeisler scored another success at the
Baldwin last night.
d An attempt "will be made to transfer the
Mining Bureau to the park.
Fi'.zsimmons finished his hard training
yesterday and says be is fit.
There is a movement to nave a State exhibit
located in Golden Gate Park.
The Pacifip Coast Steamship [Company's Po
mona sailed for Eureka yesterday.
„ A new vapor lamp for illuminating parks
will be tested in Golden Gate Park.
: ° Cloudy Monday, a little warmer with fresh
winds, is to-day's weather prediction.
John C. Beatty, president of the Colorado
Irrigation Company, is here en. a visit.
There will be a muster and review at the
, Presidio ;o-day from 9:30 x. M. until 10:30.
Mrs. Marie E. Walsh lectured on woman's
plate in nature at Native Sons' Hali last night.
The lovers of coursing had an ideal day at
the Ingleside and Ocean View parks yesterday.
The .steamship ' Doric, which 1 sailed from
Hongkong November 5, arrived in this port
last evening.
Marksmen at Schuetzen Rifle range yester
day o contested for the Schumann rifle and
pistol medals. °
The Junior Order of American Mechanics
-held Thanksgiving services at the First Chris
• tian Church last nisrht.
." ■ R. W. Irwin, Hawaiian Minister to Japan for
the last seventeen years, arrived here yester
day on his way East.
The funeral services for Father Matthew
Lagan will be held it. is morning at the cathe
dral on Van Ness avenue.
Dr. Georgj C. Adams of the First Concrega
tioaal Church preached a sermon yesterday on
"National 11. .-, and Their Remedy."
All the divisions of the police are now en
gaged m a revolver-shooting competition for
• valuable prizes presented by citizens. . ■
Xt "the San Francisco handball court yester
day. Amateur Champion Donnelly and R.
. Lcnihan defeated J. C. Nealoa and T. F. Bonnet.
Ingleside track ill reopen again to-day with
a very °a»tractive racing card. A number of
" Knsteru hofses will sport silk here for the first
. time.
Paul Monroy, in Jumping off a Kearny
street electric car ai the crossing on MarKet,
Jell and was dragged under fender. He
wa"s badly hurt.
• Paul Breon, a member of the commission
house ,ot Wheaton, Breon & Co., died from a
■ stroke of paralysis at the Baldwin Hotel yes
terday morning.
. Peter Van Clief, Commisioner of the State
"Supreme Court and a Californian of 1849. died
yesterday afternoon at the residence of iiis
Mjri-m-.uw, W. F. Herrin. . ■ • ...
Confirmation. ■ services" were held by Bishop
Nlcttobnw tne Protestant Episcopal Church of
c the Advent yesterday, among the candidates
o b_-ing iifre young Japanese.
General "Forsvth, department commander.
', Udiicd States army, and Major Davis of the
Engineer Corps, ln^Dectel ihe new fortinca
• lions at Lime Point yesterday.
o The division commander of the National
"Guard »nd the !ir!jutut:t-;ererai of llu State,
have deciaed to as:: the Legislature to appro
priate .*78,000 for cucimpments.
• The St. Andrew's Society will celebrate its
. thirty-fourth anniversary at the Palace Hotel
'. ihu evening by a banquet, installation of
officers, entertainment and a social dance.
Physicians are not anxious to express their
vi ews regarding the alleged discovery of Pro
fessor George Newcomb of Salem, Mass.. in re
gard to the hair-restoring power of the X ray.
'" The 1 Rev. W. A. Gardner discussed last night
at West Side Christian Church on "Kindness
to Animals." He interested the ladies partic
■ ularly about the killing of birds for decorating
hats.
The Schubert Symphony Club and lady quar
tet of Chicago will give a concert on Tuesday,
December 8, at Y. M. C. A. Hall. A special
" tttiractio'n Mill be Tommy Purcell, a wonderful
o child violinist.
. At the Central Methodist Church yesterday
Dr. Dille spoke on the liquor problem, and
described in detail the objects of. the Anti
£aloon League and the wurk already accom
plished by that organization.
Ben Fitch, who at one time— some twenty
year 3 ago— was in opposition to Patrick Crow
ley lor the appointment of Chief of Police, is
running a strong second' now for the super!n
-> tendency of school buildings. • ■
The new St. Paul's Protestant Episcopal
Church at the corner of California and Fill
more street* was dedicated with imposing
ceremonies by Right Rev. W. F. Nichols,
Bishop of the diocese, yesterday.
John Flahiss, a switchman in the employ of
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company, was
run over by a train on Kentucky street at 5
o'clock yesterday morning and had his left leg
badly crashed at the knee joint.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants' As
sociation regards the widespread movement
in favor of street improvement as an indica
tion that the apathy of past years in matters
municipal is rapidly disappearing.
Yesterday wes the first day of the Jewish fes
• tivalChanueha, or least of dedication, which
is held in commemoration ot the rededication
of the Jewish 'temple at Jerusalem, after the
. victory of Judas Maccabeus over Amiocus
King of Syria.
Hugo Fisher, the artist, has returned from
the Hawaiian Inlands, where he painted for a
year. The wealthy people there appreciate
art, he says, and Honolulu is a eood place for
an artist- to make his home. Mr. Fisher- has
brought back numerous sketches of Hawaiian
ecenery.
On Thursday evening, December 10. Rev.
Father Yorke will deliver a lecture in Metro
politan Temple for the benefit of the Church
of Our Lady of Lorct^o at Novuto, of which
Rev. C. O'Neil is pastor. The subject of this
lecture is "Figs of Thistles, or the Preachers In
the Parilic." Tickets of admission may be
£rf cured at the headquarters of the Younc
adle*' Institute, Loyom Hall, Tenth and
Market streets, from 1 to 4, daily ; price 50
cent*.
SEW TO-DAY.
TtchingT
SKLN
DISEASES
RELIEVED BY
ONE APPLICATION OF
* Speedy Cues ' Treatment. — Warm baths
with C'tTTici'KA Soap, ; gentle -applications; of.::
Cutic'Ra 'ointment), and mild donee of CtJTI-
CUKA Uesolvent, greatest of humor cures. '.?*;,'
." Sold thronehmit the world.'- "Price." ri-nrrß*."Hte. ( .
.Soap. 2V. J?KV>i.vr-T. Me anil #1. Ponick Uuaa \
' AM' <*n»:M. C'ikp.. Sole Prop*- Bo»tnn. - - _
of " How to Curt iichins Skla liittutt," mailed free.
SHIPS FOR HAWAII
BEING BUILT HERE
The Manna Loa Will Sail
fcr Honolulu To-
Day.
She Will Take Pack a Number
oi Kanakas Who Are
Stranded
They Shipped as Wha ers cni Werj
Paid Off at the End cf the Trip
With a Dollar.
Hawaii is sending considerable work to
California shipDuiluers. The Inter-Island
Steam Navigation Company is replacing
nearly all its steamers and the Hails were
selected to do the woric. Every vessel
turned out by the firm has proved a &uc
cess, and in consequence the representa
tives of the Hawaiian firm were not sur-
Drised when the Mauna Loa exceeded
expectations on her trial trip.
The new steamer is now lying at Pacific
street wharf, and will probably sail for
Honolulu this afternoon. A picture of
the vessel ano her description have al
ready been civen in The Call. Captain
Godfrey, the superintendent of the Inter-
Island Navigation Company, and his
family, will go down on the vessel. Cap
tain Fitzgerald, however, will be in com
mand. Captain H. Johnson will be chief
cilice r and A. Bromley will be chief engi
neer. C. Keacti. the supervising engineer
of the company, will remain In San Fran
cisco to look after anotiier steamer that is
now having her engines put in by the
Fulton iron Works. Both vessels were
built by Hall Bros., and they are a credit
to San Francisco.
The Mauna Loa's steerage will be well
filled. Whalers tnat leave here in the
winter make for the Southern seas short
handed. When they reach Honolulu they
ship a Kanaka crew for a cruise to tne
Arctic. When the vessel got back last
month almost all bands were paid off
with fl. The catch was a poor one and
all and sundry had to suffer. Tne Ha
waiian? were in a predicament and they
appealed to the Consul. The latter has
been paying their expenses for several
weeks, and now he has secured a passage
for them to Honolulu on the Mauna Loa.
Each man has been an outfit and
will be taken better care of than when he
was in the Arctic. Outride of the United
Kingdom there is no country on earth
that taKes be.ter care of its citizens than
the Hawaiian republic.
The whalers who are to leturn on the
Mauna Loa look with envj r on the whale
bone brought up from Honolulu by the
Australia. There is nearly $10,000 worth
of the stuff, and the vessels that put it
ashore will continue the cruise in the
South seas. The chances ere that some
of the men who are now being sent home
by the Consul will risk another cruise in
the Arctic, but on tbe next occasion their
ship may take eiuht or ten whales and
then their "lay" will amount to enough
to keep them for several years in their
island home.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Pomona sailed for Eureka yesterday.
Among the passengers were J. Campbell,
tue well-known attorney. He has to ap
pear in a suit against the railroad com
pany in the Superior Court of Humboldt
County to-morrow, so in that event ha de
cided to travel by water. Chief Steward
Curtis of the Umuti.ia also went out in
command of his own particular depart
ment on the Pomona. Chief Sieward
Seeley has transferred his allegiance to
the Oceanic Steamship Company, so the
Pomona was left without one of her heads
of departments. A3 the I' mat ilia was laid
up for repairs and Chief Curtis had prac
tically nothing to do the company sent
him out on the Eureka boet.
The only place on the water front yes
terday that presented a busy appearance
was at Howard 3. There a aouble gang of
men were at woric trying to get tne coal
out ot the Truckee. It is from the Beaver
Hill mine ard latterly the steamers have
been unable to bring the coal quick
enough to supply the demand. When the
Czarina is put on the run next month the
chances are that the supply will be equal
tothe demand.
The tug Hunter arrived here a few days
ago from Coos Bay. She wants a bor
ough overhauling and will go on tbe
Union Iron Works drydock. At tiie pres
ent time she is lying at the Folsom-street
wharf, «nel compares very favorably with
the steel tugs oi the Spreckel* fleet.
The San Francisco Laundry's gasoline
launch was carrying passengers to the
Jiennington yesterday, but did not do
much business. As no passengers could
be secured at Clay street the boat was
moved around to the footol Folsom street.
When the captain attempted io tie up at
the slip the boatmen objected and a iree
light ensued. Finally the laundry boat
was driven away and went back to Clay
street. It was too cold for travel, and in
consequence none of the excursion boats
did any business.
The whaleback Progressist is now load
ing wheat at Port Costa. She came here
in June, 1895, and ever since has been car
rying co:tl from Nanaimo for Dunsmuir &
Co. The contract expired a few weeks
ago. Beiore loading at Britis . Columbia
the 1000 tons of ballast that was put in her
was taken out, and she brought down an
extra 1000 tons of coal. When all the
cargo was taken out the owners decided to
buy wheat and load the ship.
At first s c was ordered to Sydney, New
South Wales, but since the Linlithgow
was lost in midocean and the H. W. Jarls
berg broke down and put into Yokohama
Captain Pinkham has received instruc
tions to go to Calcutta. Chief Engineer
Norton says there is no doubt but what
the Progressist will reach her destination
without any trouble, and has money to
wager that the whaieback will make
nearly as time as the M dl boat?.
"Jim" Black, one o 1 the Merchant's Ex
change reporters stationed at Meiggs
whar f , has no use fnr frosty mornings.
L;ist Saturday he had to board an incom
ing steamer and icicles grew on his
whiskers. Tliis caused him considerable
inconvenience, and James made a bee line
for a barbpr-shop. He got a ciean s!iav<\
and now M. Fitzgerald, his superior offi
cer, assers that Black is the Handsomest
ma;i on the front.
The orchestra on board the phip Niobe,
which is lying at L-jn^ wliarf, is attnict
mg a great deal of attention. It is com
posed of an «ccordion, a triangle, base
drum, snuredrum and cymbals.
But the.se instruments are somewhat
unusual, the drums bem.: formed out of
flour und herring barrels, the heads of
which have been replaced with tightly
stretched canvas; the triangle ii com
posed of a neatly strung raarlinspike; the
cymbals were once used as saucepan lids,
and the sticks for the drum were whittled
into shape, the slick foi the bass dr. im
having a towel in place of the usual buck
skin balJ. Whiie playing these instru
ments the crew keep u;> a jo ly chorus
and a {,-reat deal of music i? produced.
Tne steamsiiip Doric arrived in this
pert from Hongkong and way ports, in
c:udiog Amoy, Shanchai, Kobe, Nagasaki
end Yokohoma, last evening. The pa?sa.e
was an uneventful one. She sailed lrom
Hongkong Modern bet, 5 a day late, but
as t tie weather kept line ra imaged to make
up severui hours of t tie time.
W.)s .1. \V. I>alv.
Ihe body ol tbe uu known man who died
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
The Quaint Orchestra on Board the Niobe Which Yesterday Attracted Attention.
suddenly in a soloon at Folsom and Sixth
streets on Saturday evening, has been Identi
fied as that of J. W. Daiy, a native of Ohio,
who resided at 00 Third street.
IS MINISTER TO JAPAN.
K.W. Irwin, Hawaii's" Representative
for Seventeen Yean, Here on His
Way Unit.
R. W. Irwin, Hawaiian Minister to
Japan now and continuously since 1879,
arrived at the Palace yesterday from
Japan on his way 'East. He says the
American influence is pre-eminent in
Korea as applied to all other foreign pow
ers. As for San Francisco, he believes that
this City is destined always to be tbe great
entrepot of the American Pacific Coast,
and never Seattle or San Diego. Fast
steamers of large capacity, similar to
those on the Atlantic, should he thinks be
built and put upon the Pacific trade in
order to build up international commerce
on this coast.
His idea is that the terminus of the
Russian Trans-Siberia Railway will bo a
port on the Yang-tse River, which is
easily navigabie for seme distance from
its mouth. From Peking to the Yang
tse River the railway will probably be
controlled by the English, and possibly in
connection with the Germans; but from
the Mongolian frontier to Peking the rail
way will be run by Russian and French
capital. This road completes through
communication from Europe to the Pa
cific. It is will be completed, he thinks,
in from three to five years, provided tbe
tariff question be settled.
The Chinese idea is to apuble the duties
in order to give security for the construc
tion of the railway.
Japan is quiet. The soldiers and sailors
have taken the ending of the war as quiet
ly and philosophically as did the Ameri
cans of the Civil War and nave resumed
their former vocations. Japan's aiubi-J
tion and the feeling among her people is,
he declares, to develop in a material and
industrial way without external ambition
of any kind whatever.
Mr. Irwin will return to his post and
his family next May. It is bis sister who
is the dean of Radcliff Hall, tbe woman's
annex to Harvard University, where over
600 women are students. Mr. Irwin will
visit hrs sister while in the E.vt.
FIRE ON JACKSON STREET.
A Defective Flue Caused Damage to J.
C. Wilson's Houic.
A defective flue caused an early morn
ing fire in the residence of J. C.Wilson, on
Jarkson street, between Lacuna and Bu
chanan, yesterday morning, at 5:30
o'clock.
The department promptly responded
and succeeded in subduing* the flames,
not however until considerable damage
was done to the furniture and cartvts.
T c loss is estimated at between $2;30u and
$3000 of damage.
The Bu*h-Street Theater.
At the Bush-street Theater Kennedy, the
hypnotist and laugh-maker, will hold another
seance this evening nnd will have male and
female subjects. There is a great deal ol di
versity -of opinion as to his powers, but his
performances make the people smile.
W. S. HOBART'S PONY, TADPOLE.
This stunted scion of aristocratic equine stock is but ten bands high, or about to a
man's hip, and yet he can clear a hurd;<> 3 feet 6 inches high with a heavy boy jockey.
He was imported last week from New York &t a novelty, and his owner, who is proud
of Tadpole, has entered him in ail the jumping events in the comin: horse show.
Though little he will surprise many of the swell hurdle-jumpt?rs, and at the same time,
by h:s funny antics, add much to the amusement of the spectators. Tadpole'ia of
Welsh extraction.
FITZ IS THROUGH
WITH HARD WORK
The Cornishman Looks Fit
to Fight to a
Finish.
He Hopes Sharkey Is So That
There Can Be No Com
plaints Made.
The Sailor Rested Yesterday, but
Will Work To-Day and
TcMorrow.
Long-legged, loose-jointed Bob Fitzsim
mons, who on Wednesday evening will
use his utmost endeavors to punch Sailor
Sbarkey into insensibility before the ex
piration of ten rounds, finished hia hard
training yesterday.
The final preparation consisted of the
usual spin along the roads, the bout with
the ba.' and the rattling rounds with his
sparring trainers, who were liurder worked
than on any day since the training of the
lanky Australian began.
After the windup with his hired men
Bob drew a satisfied breath, stretched his
sinewy arms to their fullest extent and
said:
"There, I guess that will do."
He looked fit to light a finish battle with
a longdistance man instead of the ten
rounds which many think will never be
completed. The stooping shoulders are
not so manifestly muscular as those "f
the sailor, Oat the sinews play beauflfuliy
beneath the skin and there are just enough
lines in the ruddy face to suit the judges
of r>rize-ring Mesh.
Munv of these visited Sausalito durinz
the day to ize up the Cornithnian with a
view to betting* their money on the right
end, but few saw ihe lengthy one.
knew the crowds would come and hied
himself to his cottase, where admittance
was denied to all but a favored few. Bob
said he felt fii and had no misgivings in
regard to the outcome of Wednesday
nijrlit's battle.
"They tell me Sharkey is in fine con
dition," he said, ''and I hope he is, for in
thut case neither of us will have any cause
to complain, no matter who goes down."
Those who could not get into the cottage
wandered down to the boathon^e where
Manager Julian was lounging about and
many asked for a look at the famous
punch ing-bag. Julian, with character
istic incivility, answered that it was
locked up and that any one who wanted
to do so could peek through the window.
Durinc the aiternoon, after calling the
nurse who attends to Bob Jr. and telling
her to take the little fellow into the house
out of the cold. Fitzsimmons sauntered
downtown, wearing sweater, cap and house
slippers, with a couple of friends and
escorted them to tho ferry.
Clad in everyday costume he looked far
from formidable except for the massive |
shoulders that showed through the loo>-e
coat, a suggestion of ihe tremendous
driving power that has won him most of
his battles.
Only light exercise will be taken dur- I
ing the time that elapses bsfore the light j
and Fitz- immons expects io gain five to
ten ponmis in the meantime, going into
the ring at about 172 pounds.
Tom SiiarKev remained around his j
headquarters all day yesterday, the only j
exercise he took being short walks at slow- I
measure pace on the boulevard that faces j
the ocean, and using his jaws very freely
answering the hundreds who approached
with words of encouragement. "If Tom
Sbarkey works his arms and fists as effect
ively on Wednesday night as he worked
his jaws to-day he'll make short work of
big Bob" was the remark of a bystander j
of tbe pugilistic stripe yesterday, who |
added, "I've been waiting for an hour to
have a word with him, and all that time
he's been doing nothing but chinning."
Notwithstanding the ordeal he had to
undergo, he looked fresh and chipper late
in the afternoon. As usual, he did not I
train yesterday because it was Sunday,
but to dny he will entiaaein some exercise,
just to ke*p himself in condition, and pos- ]
sibly to-morrow he may do a little work, j
but the whole of Wednesday he will re- j
main quiet and nurse bis strength for the '
event in the evening.
Though the big betting on the coming
contest will not begin until to-night, a
number of wageri were laid last evening
by sports who had been at the training
quarters of the men during the day and
had become enthusiastic over their looks.
One wager of $200 to $175 was made that i
Sbarkey would stay ten rounds and an- j
other of $100 to $90 on the same proposi
tion.
On the question of rounds the bettine
ran $50 to* $40 that Fitzsimmons would!
last eight rounds and $20 to $10 that he
would last six.
£harkey and Fitzsimmons were exam
ined by a physician yesterday, and the
following report was sent to the National
Athletic Club:
Gentlemen: In compliance with your instruc
tions, 1 have ;his day made a thorougn exami
nation oi the pliyxical conditon of Kobert
Kitr.simmons and Thomas Sharkey. I find
both men to be in tbe pink of condition and
competent to undergo any test of physical en
durance without harmful results. Respect
fully yours, . Dr. D. D. Lvstig.
A measurement of both men's cbests
showed th.°.t SharkeyN chest when ex
panded exceeded Fitzsimmons' by half
an inch. Fitz^immons was, normal, 39,
expanded. 44. and Sharkey, normal, 41,
expanded, 44)2.
Mr. Gibbs, manager of the National
AthJetic Club, when seen last evanine,
spoke of his visit to the men's training
quarters. He said:
"I went over to see Fitzsimmons at Sau
sahto vi-sterday, and I asked him how he
felt. He replied: 'I k-el confident of
knocking thut tellow out in two rounds,
and it I aon't 1 will never enter the ring
again.'
"Sharkey also expressed his determina
tion of knocking 'that fellow' out In five
rounds, or he 'would not right again.' "
A dispute arose over the gloves to be
used on th- night of the h\'ht. Fitzsim
mons wanted to use a pair of gloves made
for him in the East. The gloves were
shown to Sharkey and hs objected to their
use. When Fitzsimmons was informed of
Sharkey's refusal, he immediately said he
would no' fight.
Julian then said that snch a
small matter as that should not
be an obstacle, and he notified Sbarkey
that he would get a set of gioves made
here and the gloves could be thrown in
the middle of the ring and after Sharkev
had taken his pick Fitzsimmons would
take what was left.
Preparations '"ill begin to-morrow at
the Pavilion. Seats will be arranged for
10,000. So f;ir a large sale l.as been made ;
it already exceeds the number sold for the
Corbett ligiit.
The Golden West Ciub give its inaugural
boxing tournament at Union Hull this
evening. The opening event will com
mence at 8:30 o'c.ock promptly and the
management will >cc to it that there will
be no waits to mar the pleasure of the
evening's sport.
The Tracey-Ryan ten-round contest
will be the principal feature, und as both
men are in tine condition it is expected
they will put up a spirited hattie. Jack
Stenzler and Tom Johnson, the heavy
weights, will give a six-round exhibition;
and Charley Hocheite and Harry Butler,
lightweights, Will box eight loundsfora
decision. The prices of admission are
very reasonable and should insure a full
house.
The betting last night on t^-night's
Trac •( -y-Ryan fight wai 2 to 1 in favor of
Tracev, ttie Australian.
Anthony, the Australian fighter, will
meet Ward of New York here under tbe
auspic sof the Occidental Club in Woo !
ward's Pavilion on December 14.
They wiil hunt at 115. Hawkins of this
City and G.ms of New York will meet on
the same nght and in tbe same ring.
They are matched n: 130 pounds.
CASTORIA
For Infants and . Children. : •■
The fse- y?
ilnile STY xr«r» „ "" fc«
&tU.VUtf /^ jr jl /•?//-*—#- "try
CANNED MILK
CARRIED DEATH
Little Ethel Kane a Vic
tim of Poisoned
Food.
Partook of Her Evening Meal
and Died in a Few
Hours.
H<t Father and 0 der Sister Also Vio
lently 11] From the Focd but
Recover.
Ethel Kane, a pretty baby girl five years
of age, daughter of John Kane, who is
employed in Nolan's California-street
stables, died yesterday afternoon in her
home. 147Tehama street, from the effects
of poison, supposed to have been con
tained in a can of condensed milk, some
of wnicn the little etiild ate at her evening
meal. The poison was a most violent one
and the baby suffered hours of agony be
fore she finally collapsed and died.
The case was a peculiar one. Mr. Kane
left the stable where he is employed
early in the evening and went to his
home. Supuer was prepared and all but
Mrs. Kane, who was indisposed, dined.
Condensed milk was used in the tea;
Florence Kane, 13 years of age, fed tbe
baby girl, and the father, after having
completed lib meal, put his children to
bed and retired soon alter himself.
At 1 o'clock yesterday morning Mr.
Kane was taken violently ill. He arose
and in looking for a remedy discovered
that his daughters were both in spasms.
He sent tor Doctors Rottanzi and Grunig,
wlio, when they arrived, diagnosed the
cause of the trouble as voisnn. Medicine
was administered to Mr. Kane and bis
oldest daughter and they were soon out of
danger.
Ethel, the baby, however, did not re
vive under the action of the drugs admin
istered. She went from spasm into spasm
and grew weaker with every passing
hour. The physicians remained by the
little sufferer's bedside, but their labors
proved useless. If the exact nature of the
poison had been known the child's life
could have in all probability been saved.
Slie lingered between life and death, un
conscious most of the time, until 2 o'c'ock
yesterday afternoon, when death took
place.
The case was reported at the Morgue
last evening and Deputy Coroner O'Brien
took charge of the body. The iemaining
milk in ttie can and the tea were taken for
chemical analysis. An autopsy will be
held to-day to determine the exact cause
of death and the nature of the poison that
caused it.
ST. ANDREW'S REUNION.
The Society Will Celebrate Its Thirty-
Fourth Anniversary This Evening.
Tbe St. Andrew's Society will hold its
thiity-fourth annual installation, ban
quet and. celebration of St. Andrew's day
this evening at the Palace Hotel. This is
one of the oldest societies in the City. It
was organized in 18C3. It is expected that
fully 200 people will be present A pleas
ant enterrainment has been prepared.
Addresses will be made by Irvine? M.
Scott. Rev. H. C. Minton, John D. McGil
vray, David E. Collins, Robert D. Coiqu
houn and others, and Scottish and popular
KEW TO-DAT.'
a' SCO? --^ "n>jS aasa^ \|
ill • =x=^~ 8 v ■ >- v k'»
$7.85 for this chiffoniere. ■
That's the whole story —
except what the picture tells.
You know its many con-
• . . ... - -
veniences, why repeat them?
The supply is limited.
Come early.
You can't afford to miss
the furniture show. .
Gift furniture — prettier
than ever !
Half-a-niinute from Mar-
ket St. — and everybody wel-
come.
California Furniture Company
(N P Cole & Co) Carpets
117 Geary Street mX
KEW TO-LAr-A3IOS£aiENT3.
O"Farrell S;re*t, Me: ween Stockton and Powell.
Week ■ Commencing ; Monday, Not. ■ 30.
A Bill of Eastern and European Celebrities I
LANOSL \V, the -hooting Star. . 'j "
KLLK.V VETTKK, the Mysterious Globe
; Artist-.. THE KO3IKLO BROS., :,
World's Oreatest Equilibrists.
TH ••■ (RE.'.T STU Mil', the Male Paul.
And a Company of World-Renowned Artists.
Keaerrad v « s. 1:5 c; ±.ulcouy, ice, Upera-cnaln
and box-seats, 50c. . , ~ '
NEW BUSH-ST. THEATER.
S3IILISS AND LAUGHTER !—
In Shrieks. Hoars, Yells and convulsions:— ln
Large and email Doses, to Suit Every
Constitution! •
Nature' ' Sweet emedy Dispensed by
T. A.. UlE3Xrj>Q-^3Il-sr,
■■"■■-':: .1 World's Greatest Jiypnotlsu
CommencinK ?.Io itl»y .Mjjlit, Xov. 30,
. And . every : night during the week, Including
-. Bat." and .-uu Matinees, KING l,»n?hinakero(
the Word. His entertainments would
compel luugtaer In :: ihousaud-year-uld mummy.
Kvgpr 10c, 15c, 25c, SJo Mat prices— loc. 25c
THE CHUTES.
Every Afternoon and Kv.»nln:.
Aiiiumtoscopp, '"Hero of Niagara" and
. f ' Pirri-FKKK ! -
-Skating Kink Always Open. -
xrrw to-sat:
I The Woman,
The Man,
And The Pill.
<|J She was a good woman. He %
]•) loved her. She was his wife. j\
<|j The pie was good; his wife <j'
(') made it; he ate it. But the s\
S) pie disagreed with him, and d
<£ he disagreed with his wife. |i
]>> Now he takes a pill after pie o[
<[< and is happy. So is his wife. 1>
| The pill he takes is Ayer's. <}[
< Moral : Avoid dyspepsia 1 >
| by using j\
i Ayer's
Cathartic Pills.
songs will be sung by the members of th
society. Andrew Wilkie will preside.
One of the features will be the installa
tion of the following officers, who are also
the committee on arrangements:
President, Andrew "Wilkie; vice-presi
dent, William Watson; second vice-presi
dent, Peter L. Dunn ; treasurer, Y. C.
Lawson; secretary, W. C. Cook; assistant
secretary, Alex Kannie; financial secre
tary, Robert D. Coiquhoun; assistant
financial secretary, John D.Robertson;
liorarian, Joseph Gray; trustees— Samuel
Irving. Richard Gratto, James Scobie,
John Reid and Andrew McNair; board of
relisf— Joseph P. Cochrane, John M. Dan
can. Robert Sutherland; physician. Dr.
W. F. McNutt; chaDlain, Rev. George D.
B. Stewart.
— . __ — •
It has been estimated that it will re
quire eighty-five men working every day
until 1947 to unearth the entire ruins of
Pompeii.
?fEW TO-DAY.
There is not much com
piaint about tea; it's com-
ing.
Schilling's Best is turning
the market upside down.
If you don't like it, your
grocer returns your money
in full. ■
A Schilling & Company
.-San Francisco ° c 467 r
', XEW AMUSEMENTS.
'rAICDLAnatR.COTTLOD«t a>- Usit3AnorunA4tßJ---
GRAND "~TO-
REVIVIL NIGHT
JOSEPH GRISMER,
PHCEBE DAVIES
And Their Excellent Company,
THE NEW SOUTH
AN INTENSELY INTKKESTJ
PLAY OF TO-DAY.
' New and Realistic Climaxes.
Replete With Incident, Adventure and
, Romance.
December 7— First Time Here,
"THE COTTON KING."
BALDWIN THEATER.
Al llaymax itu (Incorporated): l'ropne:j:i
A NOTABLE EVENT!
TO-NIGHT, NOVEMBER 3.
AH This Week Mutiny- Saturday.
MR. WILTON LACKAYE,
Asslitedby BIAKIE WAIN WRIGHT and a
Great Company in a New Piay in Four
Acts, entitled.
"OR. BELGRAFF !"
All New and Appropriate Scenery.
TIVOL! OPERA-HOUSE
Kks.Ku.\ksiixk Kremvo. Proprietor us JJ.i»ii»iA£
THIS WEEK ONLY !
EVERY EJ-VENI3STC3- !
Careful Presentation of Lecocq's Brilliant Opera
• • Comique,
LIT'PLE
33TT ISLES"
GREAT CAST! : NEW SCENERY!
CORRECT COSTUMES! -..-■.
APPROPRIATE ACCESSORIES!
A Complete and Interest Production
in Every Detail.
NEXT WEF.K-"THE BRIGANDS. "
Pooula- Prices 25c and sOrs,
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
WALTER MOROSCO...SoIe Lessee and Manager
A Triumph of Realist Sensationalism,
THE
MIDNIGHT ALARM!
A Thrilling Melodrama, Full of Fun
and Excitement: '
Wonderful Drawbridge Scene! speeding Express
Trains I Real Fire Engine with spirited
Horses!
Great Mechanical ami Electrical Effects.
Evening Price*— loc, - 4.">0 and '*•"*•.
Belasco, JorJan it j.a Faille, Lessees & Managers
; . Last Performances of •
The Modern society Drama.
."THE END OF THE CENTURY!" :
Night— lsc, 25c. :*s.\ 50c. Matinee*— lsc, 2 je, 35c.
Telephone Blacn 991.
NEXT :........ ■....•' ALABAMA"
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
. . ( NCLESIDE TRACK).
The only Perfect Winter Racetrack 111 America.
RACHG aS^g RACING
Racing from Soy. 30 to Dec. 12, Inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
FIRST i:ACE AT 2 P. M.
Take Southern Pacific . trains at Third and,
1 Tcmnsend sit;, depot, leaving at 1 p. it.
Fare for Bound " Trip, "Including : Ad-
mission to. Grounds. ;»1. 00. ■>; ■ ■
Taice Mission si. electric line direct to tract v ,^ .
The G. B. Mnmm & Co. Stakes, Saturday, Dec. 5
The Palace Hotel btakes, .Saturday, Dec. 12. . -
A. B. SPRECKKL:*, President.
W. & Leakit, secretary. . , '. . .
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to lIP. M.
Concert Every Afternoon and Saturday
• ■■■•■.' and Sunday Evenings.
Admission— Adults 10c, Children 00. '
78
S
Order of the Eantern Star.
Oak Leaf Chapter will initiate its officers on
the 10th of. December in Masonic Temple,
Oakland. •
. Beulah Chapter has elected the following
named officers: Kose Klspert, W. M. ; Adolph
Frederick Kitchen. W. P.; Nellie R. Brown, A.
M.; -Emma Catherine Malgren, 53. ; Emma
Games, T. The officers will be installed on the
second Monday in December.
The consent of three of the local chapters
having been obtained a new chapter will
shortly be instituted in the Mission district.
Worthy Grand Patron J. K. Tapscott visited
Sacramento on Saturday, November 21, and re
mained over the following day.
Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. Ella T. Hall of
Tulare City, after having paid a visit to Unity j
Chapter and devoted time to other business
of the order, returned to her home last !
Wednesday.
- J. J. Morse, who came to this city about a
year ago from England, and several months
since, was initialed as a member of Golden
Gate Chapter, left for London last week, ana
on his arrival there will establish a branch of
the order in the metropolis.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Bryon Lodge celebrated its ninth anniversary
las! .Monday.
Presidio Lodge has made all arrangements for
the reception, of the Veteran Odd Fellows on
Thursday next. '
ll»3 next meeting of the trustees of the Oda
Fellows' Home will be on the second Monday in
December." °
The Christmas cheer committee, which meets
every Sunday, is greatly encouraged this year
and it hopes to be able to make many homes hap
py on Christmas day.
W. F. Morcross, P. G., of Apollo Lodes, who had
been laid up for nearly three mouths by reason of
an accident he met with In the Santa Cruz foun
tains. has so far recovered as to enable him to be
out again and to attend to his fraternal dutiei aa
of yore.
The largest amount paid for mileage by the Sov
ereign Grand Lodge was for the session held In
Pori:and, In 189-. The amount was $50,264 72.
The amour. t paid for the session held this year In
Dallas T.-X., was 433.786 40. When the session
is held in a central location the amount is $29,-
OtO. - .
Mrs. I ynd a Salmon and f.iillan, her daughter,
were in tlii_* < ny last week. For her work if es
tabllshinc a loUe of the Kcbekabs in New £outh
Wales -he received the compliments of the sov
ereign Grand Lodge. During her sta»- in this City
' she paid a visit, to orien.al Lodee of the Itebekahs.
The c.rcuicr sent out by the officers of the He
btkahs asking for aid for the Orphans' Home nts
met with an encouraging response from the sub
ordinate lodges and encampments, and the officers
ho, that the kindly feeing wi,l not stop there,
lormuch money is needed to put the home on a
toui-d basis. . , '
Loyal R;bekah Lodge will hold an open meeting
In Odd Fellows' Hall on December 8.
a new hall is to be dedicated at Sheridan on
Friday, December 11, and one at Grluley on the
:o. owing day.
< n rrtday'niiht Sargent I/)d?e Initiated a Candi- '
da c, th" ivonc being exceptionally well done by
Noble Grand Frank 1;. Smith and his corps of offi
cers. T;iere was a lull attendance of members and
there were a number of visitors from the Kast. !
o This lodge will elect its officers at the next meet- '
1"*
Ancient Order United Workmen.
About forty signatures have bsen obtained to a
petition for a charter for a new" lodge in the Kich
mond district.
A district meeting will be h«!d on the Bth of De
cember under the auspirespf Alta Lod;c.
Th's evening at a meeting to be held by Eureka
Valley Lodge a iv ell-selected literary and musical
programme wl.l be preserved and address will
be delivered by Past Grand Master William H. j
Barnes and Grand Receiver Samuel Booth.
Grand Overseer Herman Schaffner will visit I
lodges .as follows: To-night, Sharon Lodge at
Forbestowa ; to-morrow, Groville Lodge: Wednes
day, .Nelson Lodge; Thursday, Chlco Lodge and j
Friday, Biggs 1 odge.
William Brtderic*. chairman of the Grand
Lodge 1 inar.ee Commit tea, Is recovering from a
rerun attack of illness. •
Three hundred application* were received dur
ing the current month. That shows a healthy
boom.
Through the united efforts of Special- Deputy
S. 1. llar^reaves, AL Baker of Magno.la Lodtre of
this City ana Taylor Albln cf Fresno, Vosemlte
Lodge of Fiesuo increased its memoershlp »rum
115 to 200. Grand Waster Workman W. H.
Viti'.frs wi 1 visit Fresno December 8 when he
will be accompanied by Fiank.S. Poland. D. c*.
M. W. ; >. Booth", O. It., and other grand officers,
a: d the decrees will be conferred on a large class
of candidates.
'1 he Kruiid mi.ster workman is still visiting in
the soutb, and he announces the following visits:
To-nicht, untario Lodge; to-morrow nigh:, Con
via Lodge; December 2, Colonia Lodge at Uue:ie
me: December 3. Santa Burbara Lodre; D«cem
b°r 7. Merced Ijodge: and December 8, Voaemlte
Lod e at Fresno. •
A new tod cis soon to be instituted at Tracy,
fan Joi.quin Ctunty.
"silver star Loace in Downey City was visited on
the 23d Ins.. by Hie grand master workman, when
a number of HppicHioris wer« presented This
lodge is working hard to increase its membership
,A number or new memr.ers will soon be added
to Brooklyn Lodge.
A. F. llitrkay, grand foreman, who has been
confined to hi.-, home by serious illness, is reported
as improving.
r^ew lodges are b.-lng organized at Albambra
and Ful it, on.
The degrees will be conferred on five candidates
in oak Leaf Lodge mis evening.
The deputy grand in. s.ci workman and the
grant recorJer were present on Friday, the 21st, i
at » meeting of California Lodge, when the Pacific
i.odK- drill team assisted in conferring the de
grees p.i three c:<ndUa(es.
The Degree of Honor.
Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. B. J. Masters has,
Of. «r paying visits to a number of lodges in this
viclcity, returnel 10 her home In Los Angeles.
During the month of October the Increase in
membership in the lodges was a* follows: Ivy. 4;
Dawn of Hope and Vista, 3 earn; SI vtr Star Lily
of h- Valley and Mar. ha, 2 each. During the
same period there were received m.x benenclary
members— three in Ivy Lodge and three in M.ar;ha
Lodge. .
The Native Sons.
Next Thursday evening a literary and musical
en ertainment will be given in Native Sons' Hall
under the auspl es of the Hall Association, un
that occasion Irving M. fccott will present to the
order the painting br Keith, "The Golden Heritage
of thy Na.lve Sons," and deliver an oration on that
subject.
The new local . parlor nbsut to be instituted
effected a temoorary organization last week, and
aiter presenting the charter list to the grand secre
tary udj3urneJ until next Friday.
Some of the leading professionals and som» of
the best-Known amateur talent will take part In
the enter. alnmpnt. to be given next Friday in
Native sons' Hah in lid of the board or relief. A
dune (nil follow tne enier:ninru<>ut.
A pine from Xl I.orado parlor and one from
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WtthlfLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidcsd'jr.T St., Tel. Main 1954.
__„ ." 1 'KNTBA I. OFFICIC .:
628 Mcrkct Su, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828.
Uptown Office— UaU win Hotel (adjoining Grill
Koom) Tel. Main i(i>9.
PCKDY Si ATKINSON Managers.
Orders instantly executed on ' latest market quo-
• tallons. Keiereuce Ist National Bank, si. i\
UUCAUU. WUVAIii.WIJUt .Ni.; W YOUIC
W.A.CARROLL, BROKER
CHICAGO MARKETS. SEW YORK STOCKS-"
raB y?,Yi c c*ixi :• c^ssfis^cSsr 1 --
r'lvateand Bank reference, quoted on application
Office, 3.48 Montgomery St..^ale Odtßla
■ita. Alum USX. . l'rlvat* X'arior lor i.*dic«
Pacific Parlor will play a game of baseball at the
recreation grounds next Sunday. Dr. Hawkins
wlli captain the Xl Hortdoj, and William McCord
will look after the Pacifies.
The following named officer* of California Par
lor were Installed by Joseph O'Donneli, D. D. G.
P., assisted by W. H. staniels, acting as erand
marshal and Frank B. Kyan ai uruiid secretary:
.lam- s c'Dwyer, P.. vice M. sellsson, ueceased:
Howard Herrlnicton first, Eugene Gau:hier sec
ond, and John F". Bernard third vice-president:
t. C. Laws, marshal.
Grand Orator Frank Mattison has returned from
his vst to parlors In Los Angeles, Orange,
TuUre, Kings, San Mego, San Bernardino, River
side, >ama Barbara, Ventura and Kern coumles.
and reports that generally the order is doing well
in the .southern part of the stale. Mr. Mattison,
after an absence of aix weeks, has gone to his
home in Santa Cruz..
District Deputy J. H. Mitchell will, during De
cember, visit the following named parlors in
Humboldt county: Humboldt. Arcalu, Gulden
Star, Ferndale and Commodore Sloat.
The following named weie visitors al the office
of t.rand Secretary Lunstedt during the past wee* :
DUtr ct Deputies-kt-lurge \V. W. Shannon. Charles
R. Heverin. V. ii. Norman Jr., H. D. Lansing and
H. R. McNoble, Jonn Leathers Jr. of Volo, W. H.
L. liynesof Alameda, ana C. F. Montgomery of
contta Cos;a Coun y.
George D. Clark, O. V. B , will. In company with
W. li. L. llynes and J. It. Knowlanu. district
deputy urand presidents for Alameda County,
visit Alameda 1 ar.or to-night. Kden Par. or to
morrow night and Wisteria Parlor on Wednesday
night.
The Native Daughters.
The first society composei exclusively of 'adles
organized in Pinole, Contra Costa County, was
Pinole Parlor No. 92, which sprang into existence
recently through the efforts of Miss Mamie Fer
naudt-z ot the place named 'Ibe institution of
the parlor was in Foresters' Hall, which had teen
beautifully decorated for the occasion with flags,
s. reamers, chrysanthemums and ferns, and it was
conducted by .Vrs. Mary uiilpatriCK, D. D. G. P.,
assisted by Mrs. Jennie Hale, president of l.a
mo.-ia Parlor, and Mrs. Nellie Rader, tint vice
presideni vi liuetiu Vista Parlor. '1 he officers of
the new parlor are: Mrs. Nellie K. Barry, past
president; Miss Minnie Fernandez, pieMdnit;
Mrs. James Tennant, first, Mrs. tieorge Betz sec
ond, and Mrs. John Williams, thud v.ce-prrsi
il'iil: Miss Frances Kllerhorst, recording auu cor
responding secretary: MtM Anine K.le.Uorst,
Financial secretary: Mrs. Peter )i liners, treasurer;
Miss Julia a. Barry, marshal; Miss Theresa A.
i nlinii.lll, ln<id«- sM.itlijel. Ml«s h,ila Brandt, out
side sentinel: Miss tua rseidei. Miss Katie Maloney
and Mrs. Lester Kvans, trustees. At tue ciose of
the installation ot the officers the young men of
tne town were admitted and then lol.owtd a dance
and a banquet, with much good cheer. At Ibe
par. Ing hour the invi'.ed guests gave three cheers
ior the organizer and fur me siuce.s of the new
parlor.
Improved Order of Red Men.
Last Monday evening Kiowa Tribe visited Osce
ola Tribe in conferring the adoption degree on
three candidates. 10-night the members of Osce
o!a will rerurn 1 he visit and confer the degrees on
six candidates for Kiowa. .
I a 5 the red men of tue country are disappearing,
j the palefaces of - the Improved Order of Ked Men
continue to increase id numbers, and they take
their places to perpetuate the .egends of the past.
Upon Hie suggestion of the great chief of records,
t Charles F. Burgman, Junior sagamore B. F. Led-
I ford, of Moutezuma Tribe, a very enthusiastic
worker of the order, started in to organize a tribe
to be composed of residents of the Western Addi
tion, par: icu arly lho->e living in the Richmond
uisirict, with the result that on thi ksiu mat. ho
had secured seventy-five &ignatures to . a petition
for a charier, und on mat evi-ning a lneeang was
he. din Hamilton nail. A. Jackson, P. G. £*.. de
livered a suort uddrens, after which me great chief
ol records delivered mi interesting lev ture. his
torical and descriptive of the order, aid the follow
in: named were chosen as the temporary officers
of the new tribe: Thomas J. Glyi.n. chairman:
J. H..Keist, secretary, and bteph^n cleary, treas
urer. Then followed addresses by great chiefs,
and a social in which the ladles present tuok pun.
The organization will probably be completed at
the meeting to ua held ibis evening, ana the new
. tribe »M be lustituied next Monday. '-
< A remuriiab.y good allowing is being made by
. 1 Slm\v,.ee Tilue, anJ the tribes in nht.ui.cii;h show
. ! 11 good increase. Ked jaciwei added .weuty-aeveu
. ! iiii-inocrs In lour months, j.«-d Cloud recent. y
I Mdupted fifteen pale f^>.es. .mil has ten uiore on us
' list, and the indications are that these tribes are
, I making a contest for the grand prize offered.
v. M. Browne. P. ts., una C. A. shields were in
the City last week to secure new paraphernalia for
Saino:<ut 'irib.%
Alfarata Council gave "the last-leap year party
1 foreltchi years" last Friduv night, aud ttio»e who
j uttended had a delightful time.
Foresters of America.
Grand Senior Warden J. Samuels will Tisit as
follows : December 8. Court Butte, Chico; Decem
ber 9, Court Ked li.urf: December 10, Court Cen
turj-, Oroville; December 11, Court Forbestown;
December 12, Court Gem of Yuba, b>martsville.
I On the evening of Thursday, December 10,
Court Havwards will be officially visited by J. >.
W. maunders, O. S. C. P..
Last Tuesday Court Kobin Hood entertained Its
friemls In Social Hall, Alcazar building.
on 1 tiunksgivini; nUhi Court cio.den Gate of
this City and Court Oakdule of Oakdale gave en
tertainments wiiich were a. tended by a large num
ber of people.
Chants D. ohearer. P. C. K. of Court Capital of
California. Charles D. Keid. » . C. B. of Court San
Leandro. and Dr. George Pache of court sequoia.
Angels Camp, were araoug the visitors tt the
office of Graua Secretary Bremen
Companions of the Forevt.
Hamlet Circle of Alameda is preparing for a
grand entertainment to be given shortly. The
members will produce "Hilario Jocundl," an ex
travaganza founded on '-Mother Goose."
iJt fiance Circle will beieaiier meet in Pythian
Cast.c.
This evening Acme Circle will entertain Its
friei.ds in American Hall, Alcezar bulidlug.
Ancient Order of Forester*.
At Its meeting last Tuesday Court Justice Ini
tiate 1 thirteen candidates and has a I, umber 01
app icaiionson file.
J. A. Burns, P. C. R. of Court Pride of Stanis
laus, J. H. Cuapman of Court Perseverance of
sarramen o, and H. P. Andre of Court UuHlala,
Mendociuo County, visited tne office of the perma
nent secretary last week.
Companions of tha. Forest.
There whs an attendance at the bon-bon party
I given by Sherwood Circle on Saturday that made
i itag'and so ia and financial success. Kvery
thing that could be was done to make .he evening
I an agreeable one for ths many who attended, and
i the committee of arrangements has reason tv leel
I proud of its success.
At ihe party recently given by Loyal Circle the
, for in tat- « inner or the chair ofteied as a prize
I was Mrs. Kva Walker, a member 01 the cir ,c
Last. Wednesday Jlrs. Bevers"n, supreme
I grand chief companion, and Mrs. Florencu N.
. Morrow, supreme grand secretary, viMted Ar
temis Circle, wnen three candidates were initialed
by the grmul officers, un Saturday nlgut this circle
will Li vi' 11 dance in Austrian Hull, at Powell aud
SuU-r stree s.
To-morrow night the grand officers will Initiate
candidates for Bohnniati Circle.
Jhe miithiuh grand chief companion and other
! granJ officer! will visit <<ermanla Circle on F'ri
l.day and they will visit Kureka Circle on Thurs
day light.
Oraer of Chosen Friends.
Two new councils ul 1 be instituted this week,
one at Elk Cirove and tbe other at Newman.
Cyans Council received three applications last
week and Crystal Couucil two.
A meeting wa< heU last Saturday for the fur
pose of perfecting arrangements ior the. monster
1 union meeting to be heHi in the Alcazar building
I ou the 18tli of Oecemuer.
Next ihnrsday toe grand councilor will visit
Fidtlity Council in Bed wood City.
i'y AfcMatb, -ecretary of Willows Council,
called at the office of the grand recorder last
week.
Young Men's Institute.
Potrero Council had asplenaid entertainment on
tbeV!sih inst- and on the same night Mission Coun
cil had a very Hue eiHertulnmeul la Mission Par
lor Hall.
Another meeting with reference to arrange
ments for Young Men's Institute day was held In
headquarters on Suturday, and the plan prevlous'y
sugg- seed was further discuised.
The cotial lecture bureau has arrangf d lectures
as follows: December 5, J. F. Smith will lecture
before Vinyes Council ut beulcia on -Social »nd
civic Duties"; De< ember 9 James H.Barry will
lnctiire before Washington Coutcil in Meiroioli
tan Temple in this City; Decf-mber 11 the Rev
George Alont.omery of Los A ngeies will lecture
before Queen ot thj Va ley Council at Fresno- l^e
cember 14 Itev. j. p. Furgeson will lecture before
Sh.i F'rhiitUco Council, ana on December li lev.
Jacili Voorsauger will lee u re b f jt* San Jose
Council In van Jose . n the ' -Worla's Cranks."
The next meeting of the boaru wih be on the liith
of Dtcember.
Quuiteny reports nnd percapi'.a tax will be de
lii.quen: to-morrow, and If not presented to the
graad secretary flr.ei will follow.
Voiinc Ladies' Institnte.
The yearly mass for the repose of the soul* of
the deceased members of the order wai celebrated
this year on Thanksgiving day, in the ca.hearal at
Sacramento.
'Ihe order has met another serious loss In the
death of a very active member, Miss Mary McUUU
THE RAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 189(5.
cuddy, past president of Branch No. 3, who pas ed
away a week ago Saturday. She was one of the
be-tt-loved ■ members of the order, was very In
telligent and well read and «a» one or those
women who have the happy faculty of making
friends of every one who forms their acquaintance.
She worked devote Uy to upbuild the oruer and her
advice was frequently sought for. Her funeral,
last Tuesday, was attended by a very lan;e num
ber of those who knew her and who sincerely
mourn the fact that the has been taken from them.
Jr. Order United American Mechanic*.
The union meeting held under the auspices of
Custer Council last Tuesday was well attended and
there were present a large number of the Ameri
can Home Guard, (..rand Councilor Schertzer and
other grand officers were present.
Custer Council 111, on the Bth of December,
celebrate Its > second ; anniversary by a ' grand
entertainment.
The members of ' the local councils attended
divine service In the First Christian Church last
night, when an eloquent sermon was preached by
the pastor.
-unsliine Council of the Daughters of Liberty,
Sacramento, is reported as dome well.
. California Council will gtvau entertainment In
Laurel Hall, sniels building, on January IS. ■
. ■ The open me« ing ot Martha Council last Mon
day night was well attended and a very pleasant
evening was spent.
Oakland Council No. 3 will hereafter meet In
Elks' Jiall. on Fourteenth street, between Wash
ington and l la.-, and as a consequence the meet-
Ing night has been changed from Thursday to
Tuesday. This council, of which Mrs. Birdie
.Price is the councilor, will give an entertainment
to-morrow niuht to celebrate the event of the re
moval, and arrangements have been made for an
enjoyable lime. . /. ' >
Knights ami Ladiea of Honor.
Assessments Nor. 447 and 448 have been levied
and will be delinquent December SI.
Supreme Protector Lockard has requested all
Grand Protectors to inaugurate a campaign of ed
ucation and call union meetings In their respective
jurisdictions.
During 1895 there were 978 deaths in the order;
up to date there have been 1001 deaths reported,
and it has required but four more assessments
than were lev.cd for claims last . year to meet the
demands made.
At the last held session of the Grand Lodge of
California it was decided that the constitution
should be amended bo as to al.ow the grand body
to meet elsewhere than In San Francisco, but the
committee on laws having failed to comply wi.h
certain requirements of the Supreme ].o<U<- Con
stltn.ion. Supreme Protector Lockhard has le
cently decided that the amendment to the Califor
nia constitution It Inoperative, and (ten the ses
sions of the grnnd lodge, until the section of the
constitution is properly repealed, must be held In
San Francisco on the third Tuesday of April of
each year.
Knights of Honor.
Assessment No. 3 in class A, and assessments
493-4-5-6 In class B, have been' levied for to-mor
row and they will be delinquent on the 31 of De
cember.
Grand Dictator Archibald officially visited
West Side Lodge at Newman last Saturuay ana he
will visit Heaidsburg lodge to-morrow.
Grand Dictator Archibald, Past Grand Dictator
Voight ana Past Dictator Nob c were present at a
very lanre meeting of Los Angelei Lodge held on
the 18th inst., which proved to De a most Intereit
mc one. At the close of business there was A
banquet and during the several hours that were
spent around the Jestive board ■ eorge B. PbJbbs.
It. D. Wade, J. H. Alexander ana A. H. V'olghl
entertained those present.
American Legion, of Honor.
The twelfth assessment for the current year has
been* levied. It will become delinquent Decem
ber 31.
It :s announced that the order has recovered
from the depression that affected it last summer
and that it Is now in good condition. All claims
up to the 13. 1 i of November have been paid.
Robemlau and ban Francisco councils will soon
be consolidated, arrangements 10 that end being
nearly complete.!. The name and number of Bo
hemian Council will be retained, 'lborcwhoare
interested deem this a wise course, as it will re
duce expenses.
The Druid*.
Noble Grand Arch James A. Devoto announces
the following visitations lor December: Decem
ber 3, San Francisco and Eureka groves, San
Francisco: December 4, Laurel Grove, San Fran
c sco: December 5, Perseverance Grove, San
Francisco; December 17, N/icaslo Grove-, Nlcasio;
December 18, Olenia Grove. Olema: December .9,
Duxbury Grove, Eoltna*: December 21, ltoma
< rove, Oakland, and December 22, Hesperian
Grove, San Francisco.
Duiingtne past week Initiations have been In
order. Perseverance Grov« initiated one candi
date and received sevi ml applications; Hesperian
1 i rove Initiated on* and received applications for
the second and third dege-ei; Laurel Grove re
ceived three applications and initialed one Cami
lla »■; Templar Grove initiated .wo and conferred
the second degree on two members: Laurel Gruve
initiated one, W. Mollison, P. N. A., assisting in
tun work.
. The officers of Golden Gate Circle were installed
on Saturday, the 21st Inst., by C. I.orei.zen. D. D.
G. A. During the evening one Candida c was
initiated. ai..t the installation .1. J. Mollison
presented to William A. Crawford, the retiring
arch druld. a very handsome budge of the oritr.
A nance followed the presentation.
The groves in Petaiuma have joined forces and
will give a urand ball on the evening of the 12th
of December. «
he Royal Arcanum.
The assessment for December No. 236, has
been levied and Is payable on or before th»» end of
the month. This is the sixteenth assessment for
the year. •
Supreme Regent Pound has addressed a circular
letter to the order, urging a renewed effort to in
crease the im-mbt to "UO.OiiO b fore next
May, the twentieth anniversary of the Inundation
of the Uoyal Arcanum. since Iks' December .the
membership has been increased by 15,0u0. and
the wor* is still going on.
Arconaut Council admitted two to membership
at its last held meeting and initial' d one candi
date. At the next meeting ther.- wl.l 1.,- two
Initiations and the officer* wtio will nerve for the
ensuing term will be elected. The official term of
Hegent J. H. Whitney, which i« about closing, tins
been a v.r» - successful one. During his Incum
bency the council ha* prospered and ail the mem
bers have, ihioush him, been Incited to an active
interest In the order.
The Kxemptß.
A few evenings since "The Gleaners," a social
organization of which Mrs A. Jos. up and Miss
Martha McFarland are the hrad and front, visited
the hall ot the Exempts ana gave an enter .1111
-ni"iit for the pleasure of the old-time nremen,
» out forty having accepted the invitation to be
present. There were singing and recitations by the
members of the visiting society and a spleidld
lime was had. The Gleaners are preparing to give
the fire laddies another entertainment shortly be
fore Christmas. . - .
Sons of Ilenj imln.
An open meeting of this order, held In Social
Hall, Alcazar building, last Monday night, was.
despite the inclement weather, attended by a very
large number of people. Tnefoilowftii; programme
was successfully carried out: up'iiini; address.
Louis . Krause, D. D. G. M.; soap, H. Simons: ad
dress, ex-President Lewis C. Levey: vocal solo.
Mi:s Wlstertmus, G. L. Edwards, rccompanlsl;
recitation, «eorge Alexander: clown Juggling act.
Processor Joan Uarbutt; comic songs, Faruham
and Doughertr; address, Jacob Label, and song,
Master Xl I Springer. • • ..
A new lod«e of the order, which has been named
San Francisco Lod.-e, was institute'! by Deputy
Krause in E. B. Hall last week with slxiy charier
members in the presence of at least 125 persons.
Independent Order of B'ne B'rith.
Great preparations are being made to give a fit
ting reception to Grand President K. L Wolfe, on
visit to the lodge In Salt Lake ci y. Arrangements
are also ueing maue for his reception 111 lleno,
Nev. . '
Knights or the Golden Eagle.
There was a very pleasant parly In Alcazar
building last Monday night, g v< n by Golden Gate
Castle, and after a literary programme there wag
dancing. Asa result of that party several appli
cations were received.
California Castle . conferred the de reps last
Wednesday r.igm and received two applications.
On the second WeduesJay in December Golden
Gate Castle will 1 ond-r decree» on five candidates-
Alpha Temple of the Indies of the Gulden Ka;le
are making arrangements for a gruud tlmeabout
Christmas eve.
Sons of Si. George.
Piekwlck Lodce at Its mcc log la^t week ap
pointed a oommitiie composed of F. D. Brandon,
Frea Curtiss, Hr. Hunkin. H. It. c'ontes and H.
Williamson, lo set In conjunction with >i>r com
miiiei'.s fiom sister lodt'ts ana lodges of the
I'aiiKhiers of Si. George, tv make arrangements
for the proper celebration of the sixtieth anniver
sary of the re 1 .: nol Quern Viet tlb.
'Ihe to lowliig-nam d were placed in nomln ■■-
t lon for officers of the loige: For presljent s
< reba; vice-president, J. 11. 1 ostes. A. B. Blanch
flower and J. B. brown; secretary, T. Pojst:
treasurer. T. Musgrave; messenger. H. 11. Hy
gruve; phys'ciun. Dr. r . J. Hunkm, andirustees,
F. D. Brandon and Or. Hunkin During the even
ing there was singing by T. Norolan. li. B. Kose
we.'l, V. S|>ros;on, li. K. Carles, b. Creba Jr., J. B.
Brown ana A. Si. Blanchilower.
I#aughters of St George.
Britannia Lodee No. 7, Daughters of St. George,
will plvea Leap-year party i;i St. George's Hall
next Wednesday evening, «-nd from the prepara
tions that the commute* of arr.in-oin-nis has
made f r the eveut it promises to be a most enjoy
able affair.
The Nntional Union.
California Council will at Its next meeting on
Wednesday In Maniord Hall, A'cazar build ng,
tket i:s officers ior the ensuing year.
Order of Pendo.
During the inontn of November fifty applica
tions were received at the office of the Supreme
secretary-iln this City.
I he receipts of November were greater than at
any time since the founding of the or ler.
AnnWlria Council of l»s Angeles initiated four
candidates and received 01? application last week.
Stanford Council of Anaconda, Mont.. Initiated
eighteen candidates and Hope Council or Helena,
Mont., thirteen candidates last weak.
A new council is v tie institute 1 in Pasadena,
and councils are to be organized at Sacta Ana
and at San Pedro.
MOVEMENT FOR
CIVIC REFORM
A Growing Sentiment in
Favor of Better
Streets.
Shown by the Increasing Num
ber of Street Improve
ment Clubs.
President Dohrmann of the Merchants'
Association Discusses the Ques
tion of Better Paving.
The BiKnificance of the present impetus
given to street improvement by the
recently formed organizations among the
residents and business men chiefly
interested therein, and the question of
civic reform generally, were discussed
yesterday by A. C. Dohrmann, the able
president of the Merchants' Association.
In Mr. Dohrmann's opinion, this move
ment on the part of our principal citizen?,
though not altogether without precedent
in the past, is an unmistakable indication
that the apathy which has too longexisted
in matters municipal, has almost disap
peared, and that henceforth wo may look
forward to continually increasing ameliora
tion. The remedy for present discontents,
he insisted, lies with the citizens them
selves, among whom intelligent co-opera
tion can accomplish much.
"The Merchants' Association," he said,
"has directed its attention to street im
provement since its inception, but these
local improvement clubs which have been
formed by the residents of Potk. Fourth,
Sixth, Fourteenth, Mission, Fillmore, De
visadero, Larkin and Kearny streets, etc.,
are comparatively new. The association
of improvement clubs seeKs to improve
realty, mostly in ibe suburbs, by putting
in sewers, opening up streets and so forth,
while the individual street-improvement
clubs are principally concerning them
selves wun the question of better lighting.
In other words, their standpoint is a com
mercial one. Tho former, with which our
association is aifiliated, will also make it
an object to guard the interests cf the
districts represented, initiate necessary
legislation and mol«i public opinion.
"It is well known that the Merchants'
Association has al! along agitated for
better pavements and tne removal of the
unsightly couble-stones in the downtown
portion of the City. We made a definite
attempt to accomplish this object two
years ago, but unfortunately the property
owners refused to come into line, contend
ing that this work properly belonged to
the City. The idea was then entertained
that a new charier would ultimately be
adopted and that better facilities for a
general scheme of improvement would
thereby be afforded. Now, however, that
the charter has been defeated. ,we are
renewing our efforts and hope to succeed.
No doubt the majority stiil adhere to the
principle that the City kselt should attend
to all such matters, but propert3*-owners
begin to rea.iize that if their property is to
retain its value they must do something
for the streets.
"lam satisfied that the present move
ment is the awakening of a better feeling
of citizenship and civic patriotism. Wiien
ever people try to improve their own im
mediate surround'ngs they are doing
something which helps the City as a
whole and creates a healthy sentiment,
which is sure to prow. So that the Mer
chants' Association has watched these
separate efforts with very great satisfac
tion, inasmuch as it enjoys the honor of
being the pioneer of reform.
"There are two theories concerning the
question of better paving. The advocates
of tne one urge that the citizens paid for
cobbles in the h'rst pluce and that the City
undertook to maintain them; it is, there
fore, so they say, tbe duty of the City to
substitute any other form of pavement
without extra assistance from the prop
erty-owners. The advocates of the second
theory hold that as the C.ty only asreed
10 maintain cobbles those who expect to
be benefited by new pnvemeuts should
help the City to "pay for them.
"We are now experimenting with
various kinds of paving material and be
iieve that thewooien pavement composed
of the Australian eucalyptus is the ideal
one for heavy traffic. Unfortunately the
present regulations permit basalt and
bitumen only, but sooner or later we shall
submit a proposition for the acceptance of
eucalyptus wood."
In concluson, Mr. Dohrmann expressed
!iis conviction ihat the various improve
ment cubs were all in touch with the
Uwditton and niiL'tu be relied on to sup
port any reasonable measure which the
.atter might see lit to propose in the near
future.
Explanation.
,
*!«, , arrow flles wltn th* wind. The top fljruret
•1 station Indicate maximum tempcratur- for tb«
Vll tll"""! underneath tt. If any. the amount of
Snrtl. '"J mt"lte" snow In inches and lii.i.dredths,
"ring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, ooiiinc. poln sof equal. air pressure; iso
|'.'"' v,-or dou*-d lines, equal temperature. The
worn nidi means hl'.-h tarometrlc pressure and
'» "finally mi-comunnied .by. fair weather; "low"
.V.^ - Jow Pressure, and Is usually preceded
JiVSL ac, com unl«^l by cloudy weather and rains.
coaVr* ,v'i 8ial! BM 'appear on the Wnshlnßtoo
and t'nJ h<a "■>" Pressure Is high In the interior
nnrf*. . h* 10 "* J he coast; and ■■ the isobar* extend
bnr«-if«J?f2 uth "lon tn<- comst; rain is probable;
martirt n 'he "'""" Is inclosed with . Isobars of
.He \vi?r* atn .1 c- raln ROUtn of Oregon Is improb
the ;«»«.,, a. ",\ ll«h" in the vicinity of Idaho and
wMM^ BUre falling to thp California coast, warmer
wpnthf r.ma y o*" expected m : summer and colder
win n4irt!S. wlnter * The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result. >
WEATHER BUIiaAU. KKPORi.
' United Status Department of Aoricul-
TT-RK, W'KATHKR HURKAf, SAN FRANCISCO. Cal..
Nov. 29. 1896. 5 p. v— Weather conditions aud
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared wim those of the same date last
year :
Kureka 12.89 inches, last season 692 inches:
Red Bluff 5.21 inches, last season 3.68 Inches:
San Francis o 6.76 inches, last season 2. t7 Inches;
Fresno 8.02 inches last season .41 of an Inch: San
Luis Oblspo 4.69 Inches, last season 3.32 inches:
Los Anjeles 2.99 Inches, last season 1.03 of an
Inch: san Diego 2.07 Inches, last season 1.31
inches; Yuma l.io of an Inch, last season .32 of an
inch.
Fan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 54,
minimum 42, mean 48.
The area of high temperature wnlch has been
over the northern portion of the country for the past
two days has hardly moved. Very cold and cl"«r
weather prevails between the Rocky Mountains
and the upper Missouri Valley. There has been a
marked in< re sr in cloudiness along the Panfi
sioyo and the pressure i* beglnnlu s to fall along
tLe nor horn coast.
There has been a slight rise in temperaturp ov r
the northern portion of Caiiiornia during the past
24 hour<, but the temperature is still from 10 to 17
den. below ihe normal thrcu.hout the Sun Jonqntn
and Sacramento val.eys. Ht-avy and killing
fioits were repored for the tbirJ time this morn
lnglbrou hou; the .-»tate Kenrrally.
Yuna reports a maximum wind velocity of 88
miles i-er hour from the nortn.
Forecast marie at San Fr»nci«co for 30 hours
endlnc midnlKlit Noveiubpr 30. 1896:
Northern California — lncreasn< cloudiness
Monday and probably r»iu Monday night in the
extreme northern portion; lljnt, easterly winds
continued cold weather
Southern California— Fair Mouday; continued
cold weatner: light easterly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday: not gui c so cold.
Utah— Fair Monday : not quite so cold.
Arizona— Fair Monday : continued cold weather.
San iranclseo ana vicinity— Cloudy Monday
warmer: fresh southeasterly winds.
AI.KXANDF.K U. McADIK,
Loral Forecast othVlal.
THE CALL CALENDAR. .
November, 1896.
Su.
Mo.
iTu.| W.
3 4
10 11
17 18
24 25
iTh.
,Fr.
sa
Moon's Phase:
2
5
0
7
®Js'ew Moon.
vs/ . Nov. 4. I
9
12
IS
14
; - i
:
3 Firs: Quartet
\d) *<ov. 11.
15
16
19
20
21
,i,,\ Full Moon.
4>y Nov. 20.
I- -
22
23
2tJ
27
-'8
•
fi*\ Last Quarter.
<*»/ i\ov. 27.
20
30
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San FrancUco.
STKAMER | DESTINATION. | SAILS. | PIKR.
City l'uebiaj Vie A Pgt XovSO, Dm I Pier J
Empire oreson ports. . j.NovSJ. 6pm Pier 13
Coo»]taT-.. j Newpor ... Dec 1. Vajm r*l*r II
City I'eklr.ir China A' Japan Dec 1. Ipm PM SS
City Sydney Cent America Dec 1,12 m.PMss
Corona -on I)1l«~o Dec 3,lUt.i| > i(rLL
Colombia... I'ortlana | Dec 4.10 am lie' l
Homer i Coos Bay I Deo 4, opm Pier 8
eunol urays Harbor. Dec 6. 12ij Pier 1
Knreka....; i Newport Dec 6. 9av ■ I'lerll
Wftll&W&lla Vie <t l'n Sna Dec 6. <Jau Pier
Australia... Honolulu Dec 5.10au Pier 7
Flirall"Ti ann'll'i H»«~. I Ppc 5 ftp« | Pl»f 2
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
»T>-AMEK
1- Jt.iM
I
JJIT ..
1-arallon : Yaqulna May.. .: :.Nov 30
Crescent City... rrtscentUltv Nov Ho
Costa Rica Departure Bay Nov SO
Corona. .. -art Jdeco. Da*: 1
Columbia.. Portland ..Dec 1
Walla Walla... Victoria <3M>ucet Sound i ..Dec 1
San Jos? Panama .. '..Dec 1
Pomona il u:nbol<l. Bay. ..■ i ..Dec 3
Knreka. Newport Dec 8
Wecott ...: Oregon ports Dec 3
Homer.. Coo* Kay .".'.. ..Uec »
Wellington... . Departure Bay Dec 3
Arcato , Coos Bay ..Dec 3
Snnou Newport ; Dec 4
Eanta I'.oii san llieiu « De : 5
Del .None ' urays Unroor. i..D.-c 6
Umatilla. Victoria <t Puget Sound ..Dec 6
biate Of Ual I'ortlam: Dae 6
Altceßlanchard Portlan<l ;. ..Dec to
Nor-K l-or<. tlnmWil' «»■• ■ . . J).^. «
SUN, MOON A ND TIDE..
U. P. Coast and Oboiiktic Survey Tide"i
Bulletin- PrßLisnKn by official ■ v
Authority of THE SUPERINTENDENT. )
Mon a , Novcmoer I-i'J.
Ron risM 7.07 .Moan rlsM... . 2.12 am
Sun set* 4 j. .Moon set*.
November — 1896.
MTiiw L. ""• Feet I i— Feel '""" b-,m
- I. Wj H W I. VV I ! H~r!
1 ! 1.64
2 1 2.47 I
3 34
H \V
4 0.0
6 1.06
3.6 8.16
'2.9 H.SS;
3.1 9.40
L W
4 6 4.22
4 6 512
.•>.« a.l?'— u.2| « -.5 i7ij
6.1 ».1S -0 9 10.06 4.4
8.1 4.05 —1.4 11.10 4.4
6.2 4-.'o -1.6
II W . L W
3.4 10.V4 6.0 5.45—1.7
3 5 11.10 6 9 6.3-'—
Notk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given In the left hand
column, arid the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence a* to time. The second time
column gives thn second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column elves the last tide of the day, except
when mere are but three tides, as sometimes
jccuri The beichts eiven are additions to the
soundings on the United Slates Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
heigh;, and then the number given la sub:ractlve
from the depth clven by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARKETS.
A branch of the United States . Hvdro^rapble
Ota located In th» Merchant*' Exchan^n is
maintained In Sax • Francisco tor the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and free of
•xi ense. . , . : — . .
Navigators are cordially . invited to vliit the
ofUee. where complete sets of charts and salllnic
directions Of the world are kept on nan 1 for com
parison and reference, and the latest Information
can wars be obtained, regarding lights, dangers
to navigation and all matters of interest to ocean
commerce. . .•.-•-'. '■ * ■>'
The time ball on top o' the build on Tele
graph Hill la hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and Is dropped at noon. 120lh meridian, by
telegraphic signal received each- day- from the
United States Naval Ob erva ory a. Mare Island.
Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball trai
dropped on time, or giving the error. If any. Is
pubiisbeJ th" same day uy the afternoon papers,
and by the morning papers the following iUv.
W. S. Hughk*.
' ■ L'eutenant U. !«. N.. Id charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
LT-*.. ?4 ; ' . SUNDAY. NovpmbT 29.
Stmr Yaqmna. Hall. 1-' hours from Mojs Land- I
ing: produce, toGooiiMl. Pcr < I. is it Co.
. Stmr Coos Bay, Jansen. 7- hours from New
port: pass ami muse, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr Protection, Ellpfscn, 15 days irom San
Benito: na las', to J s X mbal!.
. Stmr. Truckee, Daniels. 48 hours from Coos
Bnv: coa Ami lumber, to J I) Spreckels A Bros Co.
Btmr Whltcsboro.. Johnson. 16 hour* from
Greenwood; lumber and posts, to L Is White Lum
ber • 'o.
Nlc stmr Costa Rica, Mclntyre. 82 hours from
r,e|>arture Bay: 2400 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr A.
Sons.
Stmr Noyo, Levlnson. 14 hours from Fort Bragg:
pass and muse, to J S Klmbull.
' Stmr Gipsy. Uwndi 20 houn inn Most Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 25 'lays 2 hours from Hong
kong, via Yokohama 13 days 14 hours and i.i
nun; pass an 1 mdse, to O& O 8 Co.
Stmr Newsboy. Fosen, 20 hours from I's^l:
280 M ft lumber, 10 Usal Rndwooi Co.
Schr Nettle Sundborg,. Johnson, 48 hours from
Fisn RO'k: posts tit d Dark, to Hey man <& ' ayer.
Schr Fort 1111 a, Roslcb. 72 hours from Kureka;
18 i M ft lumber, to McKay & Co.
schr Mclancthon, lieiies-n,.7 days from Wll
lana Harbor; 355 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber
Co. . '
Sailed.
: SUN OAY, November 29.
. Stmr Mackinaw. I.ittletleld. lacoma. :
! Mmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Slnir Arcata. Cousins. Coos Bay. i
Stmr North Fork. Bash. Kureka. J .
Unir Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego.
■ Hmr Pomona, Doran. i-Jurekn.
j t>tmr Geo Loomls. BrldKett. '. Ventar*.
j hhip DashlnicAVav*, Mor>>hou*e, Tacoma.
| Rchr Daisy Rone, Olson. Coos Bay. -
Schr Ivy. Murciilson. ; -
J "Sc.ir I. ph. a i, Johnson. Coos Bay. i
I Schr (betro. Anderson. Coquilie River.
j Schr Orient, Mitchell. Coos Bay.
i ; graphic.
I POINT I.OBOS. Nov. 2?.— 10 P. v.— Weathe:
i clear; wind NE; velocl 12 miles.
' . J>«mie«tio I*<»rt«.
i ASTORlA— Arrived Nov V9— Brstmr Altmor?,
from Hongkong: schr Laura May, hence Nov 17.
sailed Nov 29— stmr Columbia, for San Fran- i
Cisco. -'•»—^ •■^fc'i tffi|iiiii|irp«]tfitf^rS**ffar*Trii|iiP' i rtMiß
PORT GAMBLE— Not 24-Bktn Klikt- I
tat. for Honolulu. ! 25- B'«tn &<• it, for ban I
Francisco: sihr Meteor.' for San Pedro
• PORT . BLAKELEY— Chared Nov 25-Bark
I M:i:i.iin. 'or Hono ulti. ;.. ■•
UK A -sailed Nor 19-Schrs John A and J
I BttHll Hint ntnl- .-outh Coast, for San Francisco.
I'OINT LOKOS-l'anvl Nov 29-a:mr Mlneola.
j from Port Los Angeles for Comox.
! MKNDOCINO-.\-nvuJ - Nov 29— Stmr Point
! Arena, hence Nov *. 8.. •
•HOWKXM LA NDf NO— Arrived Nov 29— Scar
1 -Vonterey, from Monterey.
V«.M UHA— ArriveJ Nov 29— Strnrs National
City- ant Albion, irom San Diego, and sal.cd for
. San Francisco. • ■ \«aW*3MlMw-iW)saafeMß<B|
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 19-H'B M stmr
Wild swan, from Esquimau.
" COOS BAY— Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Bonita. ' for
San Francisco. •-....  . ~ . .
* Arrived Nov 29— Stmr Homer, hence Nov 27.
V • . . . . , : Foreign Port*. '
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Nov 8-Ger stmr Carl, for
Portland. - IpT i Ttri^HiVTam^gWi^jijiitji ■« J
Arrived Oct Schr Prosper, from Port Town
send. : ' ' . :
Movement)) of Train- Atlantic Steameru
NEW, YORK- Sailed Nov 29— Stmr Massechu
setts. for London. ■■ • ' ■• : -- - ' • ■ -
QUEBSSTUWK- SaUtd Nov29-Stmr TJmbrla,
for New York. . .
LIZARD-Pa»<edNov 29— Stmr La» Touraine,
from New Yorlt for Havre.
7 Importation*. ."
NEWPORT— Per Coos Bay— 2)o bxs oranges, 98
sks waluuti, 7 bb!s swe-t potatoes. - sks popcorn,
'£ j bxs pfrsiminons. 4bB sks peanuts.
Los Anse.eH, etc— i"8 sks hoofs, 10 pkes mds»,
t cs canned foods. •£ bxs rollers, ti hf-bbls butter, 1
10. household goods. • - . -
• Kast San Pedro— l37 bxs oranges. 1 a shoes. '.5
cs canned fish. 1 sk walnuts, 3 cs clothing, 1 sk
dried fruit. 'J sks ash cement. - - -
San Pedro— 9o3 sks corn. ■ ■ ■. •■'
Ventura— l cs honey. Ics bacon. 12 bxs limes,
6 pkzs inuuuf.ictiiie.i food. 17-sks walnuts. A 7 bols
lubrlcatlns oil, 61 bxs lemons 35 bxs oranges, 2
bxs coining.
Carpenter. a— B sks walnuts, 68 bbls asphaltum.
Santa Barbara— 9 sks walnuts. M bxs lemons, 2
kegs olives. 1 bx grociriei.
Gav.ota— 'Z-J. sks crawfish, 201 sks barley..
Port Harford— s cs eg«s. 1 coop cnickens. 1 case
boots, 1 1 ux> butter, Ics cheese. 30 bxs llih.
• ayucoi— 4s bales seaweed, 1 sk abalones, 1 crt
bike 1 l bbl 24 bxs butter. 9 cs e«gs, 11 bdls hides
and pelts, 43 dressed calve- .
San Simeon— l tub 25 bxj butter, 6cs egi?s. 6
kecs shoes, 6 flasks quicksilver. 2 bdls hides, 2 sks
quail, 1 bol apples. 1 ilk ab ilonea, 2 bxs lan, iJ
49 dressed calves, 1 bx tobacco.
Monterey— sks potatoes.
Santa Crux— lB bxs apples.
" COOS BAY-Per 'lruckee— 43 21 ft lumber, 435
tons coal.
FOliT BRAGG— Per Noyo— l bx fish. . 27 cords
wood, :■» bd.s hides, 4 m-.ise. .46 M ft lumber.
HONGKONG— Per Doric— 1O0!) pkgs hemp, 717
pkgs matting. 11 pkics silk goods, 21 pkgs parcels.
530 pkgs tin. 1 78 pk.s oranges. 250 pigs coffee,
635 pkgs opium: »62 pxgs curios. 40U pkgs oil,
:*3<U pugs tea, 10,393 pkgs rice, 7583 pkgs mdse.
, fIG£ON POINT— Per Uipsy— 4l bdla hides and
pelts, 1 bx clothing, '219 qr-bxs 75 bxs cheese, ti
bxs Dutter. 4usj sks flax. 2 pk*s muse.
Aiuesport— l3 cs cheese, 9 sks spuds. 397 sks
beans, 3«n ski oats, 127 sis barley, 387 ski flax,
1 ox nutter. 185 sks oats.
SANTA CKLZ— Per Yaquina— lo pkgs mdse,
52 bxs apples, 2 bxs butter.
Watson ville— 2i><» sks potatoes. 2 bxs apples, 122'
pkgs niu.ie, 1 85« ks oats.
Moro cojo— .150 sks potatoes.
Moss Lauding— 4l4 so oarley, 1 cs egia.
Soquel— lB9 reams paper, 25 bxs apples.
Per Coos Bay— Gray <fc Barbieri ; D Blagl & Co:
Gould <fc Jaudin; L Scatena & Co: Capt J 11 Young;
ilcDonough&Kuuyon: J lvancovicn & Co; v At
Mayer; California Wine Assn; Joan.son & Ltndin;
C X Whitney & Co: DJ£ Allison <t Co; C Letzer:
Brown s: W heft ton, Brbon >t X X George
<t Co; Lewis Packing Co; Knterpnse Brewery ; U
J Ta. lor; Kowalsky i Co; Levl Spiegel &Co; it M
tot. a ty : Wetmore Bros: I'hllaafipbia Brewery:
C Carpy & Co: A I'claiiini; J Shattuck: Cut er &
Mose.y; ; American Union Fish Co: 11 M Heiut
nun; 11 11 Meyer ifc Bros; F cavagnaro: George
Wlliiami; C P Kernel.; \\' Canien; JdeMartihl;
iiod-uem Co: Labor Kxchani;e: Francis, Smith
«t Co; a X Harmon; H UutarJ: Wltzel & riaker;
Dairymen's Union: Dodge, Sweeney <St Co; A Han.v
& Co; Cahn, Nickelsburg Co; Standard Oil Co:
tlilmer, itredboit <&schuiz; U CamiUoul & Co; J
j-. lni(U{iij; HUUBros; Pacific Coast. Fish Co:
Sacramento Fish Co; Bf-r in <fc Lenorl; A Wyse:
H Cain Co; Getz Bros A Co: O B Smith & Co;
De Bernard! d: Co-. Brigham, Hoppe<£Co; A Lena
A Co; Blsslncer & Co: Western Meat Co: Chicago
Brewery; H Klrchraann & Co; Baker & Hamilton:
UN TUden&Co: Langley <t Michaels: > e->lhon*
it Co; Marshall, Teggan j; Co ; \V C Price <t Co: J
Schweitzer <Ss Co: Wtribeimer &Oo: Montgomery
&Co: Garcia JS Magglnl: OHP Misiell; 1- Url
Co; C -■.Kiiiiiaii : li Meyer.
Per Doric— A c hobinson: The Fuji Co; The
Nippen Co: L Ludemann A Co: London Pans and
American BanK ; UK Allison; F G.">nzalea; Cain
<& Co; S P Co; Cox Seed and Plant Co; Wetmore
iiros; Golden Gate Park; California and Japan
Tra'.ing CO; Evele:h & Nash; .-wayne & 110/t:
D \V Lo.liii;; Chinese aud Japanese merc.ittn.s; A
Center; itlcLbren A Co; Parrotl A Co; Hank of
liri Ish Columola; L Scatenit A 1.0: 11 11 Bergen
A < o; Allison Ji Co; Weils, Far^o d; Co.
Per Gipsy— U Agnews; Wll Johnson; Bisiln-
Rer & Co: DoJ«e. Sweeney A Co; Wellman. Peck
>t Co: Hllmer, BreUhoff it schuiz; Kltt:e Co;
Dairymen's Union; standard Oil Co; Nor.ou. Tel
ler Co: Martin. Fensler Co; U Duturd; F H
Hummer; li (. owell ; Wente dc Co; 11 Joost; M T
j-rei.as; BriKbam. Hopue A Co.
for \ uquiua— H Duiard; X H Sheldon: Stiuft>r
& Co; itun'a.o Brewery ; Wolf A Sons; Mcl'herson
& itucker; Thomas Loti^nran ; Norton. Teller*;
Co; Western Koii Paper Co; Mi:ia«er A We. banks;
L G sresovluh; McUonou^h & Kuuvun.
Per No o— W B Sumner&co: Perry stnndley:
J s Kimbatl: 1 l.ion Lumber Co: W \V Mil.er; O
PHlg,ins; McPherson it Kucker; S H. Tyler «t
Son.
Per Trjckee-J D Spreckels A BrosCo; JS
Klmball.
OCEAN TRAVEL!-;
PACIFIC COAST_S T CO.
STEAMERS LEAVE BKOADWAY jQe& m
wharf. San Francisco, as follows: ""nffTf
For Man- Island, Lorine, Wrangel, Junean. Kll-
; llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at 9a. m., Dec. 10. 6.
■ For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tp.coma, Everett, Anacortes and
! New Wi-aicom (lleilln-ham Bay. Wash.). 9 a. m.
Dec. 6, 10, 15, 'JO, '26, 30, and every firth day there-
after, connecting at Vancouver with the C. P. IV. !
X., atTacorna with N. P. K. R., at Seattle with (J.
N. Ky., at Port Townsend with Alaska steamers.
- For. 1 ureka. Area a and Fields Landing (Hum.
holdt Bay), sir. Pomona 'I p. m.. D-c. 3. 7, 11, 15,
19. 23. 27, 31. and every fourth day ttAreatter.
For s«nta Cruz. Monterey. San Slmev*. Cayuco*,
Port Harfonl (?nn i.uU Oblspo), Uavlota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, .>iui Pedro, Kast San
Pedro (Los Angles) and Newport, at 0 a. m.
Dec. 1, 6, 9, 13, 17, 11, 26, 29, and every fourth
day thereafter.
For san Dieeo. stopping only at Port Harrorl
(San Luis Oblspo), >anta Barbara, Port Los An-
! >'eles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
I a.m. Dec.3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, -J7, 31, and every fourth
i day thereafter.
For Knse:iada. San .To^e del Cabo. Mazatlan, La
Paz and Uuayma.B (Mexico), steamer Orizaba, 10
A. M. 35th of each month.
' 'ihe Company reserves right to change steamers
I or stilling dates. Ticket- office— Palace Hotel, 4
New Montgomery street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
• • • 10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THEO. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .
POR.TLA3V ID
From Spear-street Wharf, at 10 a. m.
FA "PTj l /•l2Fir»t-cla8» l Including
AXVXJIStf Second-class /berth A meals j
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California.. ..Nov. 29, Dec. 19, 23
Colombia Dec. 4,14, 21
Through - tickets and through baggage to all I
Eastern points. Bates and folders upon applica-
tion to ■
~ ~F. F. CON NOR. General Accnt.
630 Market street.
TOOT) A T.L. PKRK INB & CO.. SUPP_rlntgndgj: i
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /T\ DAYS TP
HAWAII. SAMOA, fL«v HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, '[S by
AUSTRALIA. \^S.S. AUSTRALIA.
B.S-. AI'MIKALIA for HONOLULU on. Satur-
day, December 6. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
*. S. AIAMKDA sails Via HONOLULU an 1
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, Declinber
10, at 2 p. M. .
Line to tOOLQ ABDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN.
South Africa. .
J. D. hPRECKELS A BROS. (^.. Ac^nts, '. '"' '■
114 Montgomery street.
freight Office, 327 Market su san Francisco.
COaPAGSIE GEiTCIML TRJLISATLA3TIQU3
French' Lino to Havr%.
|^OMrANY > SPIER(NEAV),42 NORTH A*&
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by -f?ii33g
Ibis line avoid both :ranslt by English railway":inj
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat .New York 10 Alexandria, Egypt, via Pah*
rirst-clfss $ltii>: seuosid-claai. $lltj.
LA BRETAONjfi.. ....Dec. 8, Noon
LA < M AMP Mi .....Dec. 1?. 5 A. st
I.A, TOURAINK Dec. la » a. m
LA UASCOU.\E..... M Dec. '26, 5a m
LA NORM AN DIE.: .Jan. 2 L_l
Jim x-or luriner jjurticulars apply to
A. FORGET. Ac"n\
No. 3. Bowling Green, Now Yore
j. F. rtTOJAZI & CO H A«enu 6 Montsoaasrr
avenue, Kan I'ianciscu. '
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washinffton St^
At « r. M. Daily. iTeitn.. received if
Kg- Accommoaatious Reserved by Telephone.
ico only Hue making through rate* on Valln
Road freight. "
STKAMKKS:
T. C. Walker, J. d. Petm
Mary tiarratt. City of Stockton.
•leieuhuue Main 805. Cat. Nay, ana liuut. cm
VALLEJO AID U. S. SAV¥Y\RD.
SIKAMEII "SIONTICEiLO, 11
Dally at...... »10:30 a. m.. 4 and 9:30 p. M.
haiurdaya *i0:30A.M., 4 p. m.
bundaya.....; ......8 F. M. .
Landing Mlsslon-atree-. Dock.' Pier 2.
- Telephone Black 2<Jl. -■ -
j •Excursion trip. giving; 6 hours at Navy-Yard. . ■
FOR SAS JOSE, LOS GATOS & CRUZ
S A MEK ALVISO LKAYKn PIKK IDAIL7
£J at 10 A. m. (Sundays excepted); Alviso dally at
up. M. (Saturdays excepted). : Freight and Pas-
senger, fare between wan Francisco and Alviso,
50c; to .San Jose. 753. Clay St.. Pier 1. 20 W.
bantu Clara su. ;>an Jol* ■;■
RATXTtOA.T> THAVBU
liiiTpALPAisT
Trains connect with North .Paclfla
toast Kailroad. '
WKKK DAYS— Leaves. F. fl:l"J a. m. 1:4% p. M.
cl Returning— Arrive 8. «■". 3:25 p v. 6:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— LeaveaF. Ba. m 11:30 a.m. liSOp.lft
aeturnlnic— Arrive S.K.I :15 p.m 4:20 p.m. 7:35 m.
Tickets for sale In Mill Valley or •
THO-. COOK <& 6^l Market sU, 8. P.
Mill Valla? and Mount Taiaalpals Scenic itallwa*
RAILROAD - TRAVEI2
S. F. AND PORTLAND EX-
CURSION TRAIN • -
NOVEMBER 4, 9, 14, 19, 24, 29,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter,
Leave irom p. C o.'s Ferry Landini 100; 
Market st.. at 8:00 p. m. 
QDTPIAI i 01 fl .- including Berth.
Vr"U IH L I OI U Tourist Sle*n<*.
RATES > $19 "SSrsJassS-*
g S^5S* u &g xh -^ p^a«u
BOCTUKRN I' A CIVIC COSPANT.
(PACIFIC HS.ITEM.)
Trnln> l«air«. n,,,| , ,1.... | o nrr | at
J»AN l'KA>/.'fK( «>.
IXAVE-FIIOM November 7. 1.03 T. M., 180C.-ARRrV«
*- ! A Niks, ban Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a"
7««»Oa Atlantic Express, Ogileii aud Kiist ' s-lsJ
7jOOa Benida, Vacavilie, Rumsey fiacr^
mento. Orovillo and RediUng via
Davis 6:43p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Xatia
CalUtoga and Santa Rosa...*.. „. 0:15*
SillOANiles, «un .lost-, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Maiysvillo and Red
81ui1.... l:l.1p
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:13p
9:OOa New Orleans Kxi>res3, Raynioiul (for
Yosemite), l<'rosiio, Bakersiicld,
Santa Barbara, 1.03 Angeles, Dem-
Ing, £1 Paso, New Orleans and .
Ea5t......; 4s43p'
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton -1 :4 3 p
8:00 a Vallejo 6:15p
Niles, Han Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:13p
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steuinrrs •!) :oo p
fl :oor Port Costa and Way Stations. ....... 17 :£sr
4:UVI- Martinez, San Ramon, Viillolo.
Napa, Calistoga, El Verauo and
• Santa Robi »«13*
4:00p Benicia, VacaviUe, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville, Oro- >
»illc and Hncnuiiontd 11:13*
4:3OfNlle», San Jose and Livermoro.... 8:-15*
4:3UpLos Angeles Express. Stockton,
- - :, Fresno, Santa Barbara and Los
Angolcs 10:43 a
4i3Op SanU I'o Route, Atlantic Kxjiress
for Mojavo nnd Kast 10:43*.
6:o«i' European Mail, OgUeu and I':ist.... OM.Vv
6iO«i- ll.iyunrilH, Nilesiuid .San .10f10...... 7:l"»\
}7:00 Vallejo.... t7:-S3p
7:OOp Oregon Mxtirrss,Hacriiniento, Slcrys-
vlllc, Retldiug, rortWmd, Piigut
Sound and Kast ...; 11:13*
HI 0:05p "Sunset Limited." Fresno, Los
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
awl Kant jlgrtgp I
SAM A < HI / DIVISION (Narrow >.aui;f;.
b:l3a Nu\Taik,Ci:iilervill<!,Sau.l<)Su,l''eltnii,
Boulder Creek, .Santa Cruz and Way
Station 5:50*
•2:15p Newark, Ccntcrville, San .lose, Ncv
Sif-Si Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruse and Principal Way
Stations "II :"*«»*.
4:1.1 1" Newark, S.ni .lose and l.us l!u.ti>s.... 9:50 a
i11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Joso and
!;; ...... Way Stations t?:2op
(PAST DIVISION (Tlilril A. TowiiM-ml Sis.)
0:43 a San Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almadtu Wednesdays only) 1:30?
8:13 a San .lone, Tre.i Vinos, Kalita Crux,
Pucilic Grove, Paso llolilcs. Son
Luis Oliisim. Gnadalupe, buif and
Principal Way Stations 7:03p
IO:4Oa Ban .losu :in.l Way MtaUona 5:03p
ll:::<>.\ Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
*2:30|. Bun Mated, Menlo Park, San .Inse,
Oilroy, Ties Finos, .Santa Cruz,
B:iliiias,M(int<ioyiiinl I'acificUrovo *IO:4Oa
•3::iOp Sau .losu uud Way Still ions 9:50*
•4:30 1- Pan Jose uud Way Stations *8:10 a
j 3:301' Bail :losu awl Principal Way .Stations *S:."»u a.
G::tOp San Jose and Wny Station:; 0:3.1 a
»1:45|. San .losuitml Way Stations t*:4»p
■SA.N LKAXimo ami IIA V W'AKI>.>. UH'.AL.
i»6:OOA "1 ( 7:1 5 A o
8:OOa (0:43*
1O. : ooa Melrose. Seminary Park, IVli^
•"-o«p Fltcliburg,SanLeandro "Iff]* J
3:OOp - nd 4:43p
4:00p ' " 3:43p
gfggp Havnard. ; *»g
7:<>Op h:43p
8:00p ._ _ , „., 9:4f.\p
9:00p < Rung through to Nile*. IO:5Op
ftll:lsp^ l From Niles. a , \ 12:00
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Trom SiS FIUNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00a.U. tl:00 *2:00 t3:00
•1:00 15:00 *6:00 p.m.
From OAKUED— Foot of BrMiwij.— '0:00 8^)0
10:00 a.m. J 12:00 »l:00 t3:00 »3:00 t4:CO
"S:SQI'.M. -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. \ Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdays. SPu^lnyHan'lThnredajfc
SMFRMCISCO&PRTHPI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market Si.
San Francisco to San Bafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O. 9:00, 11:00 a.m.: 13:3\
8:S0, 6:10. 6:JO P. M. Thursdays— Kxtra trta
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Kztra trips ai 1:35
and 11:30 p. if.
BDNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 A. it; 1:30. 3:3*
6:00. B:tiOp. ic ;: , •..:;.,■
•' San KaTael to «s»n Francl»c». "
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:*20, 11:10 a "it-
-12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trlai
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p.m. f«rasnp«
BUXDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. H.; 1:40, 3:401
5:00,6:25 p.m. **
Between San Francisco and Scauetzen Paris sama
schedule as above. *
Leave inpffw-t Arrive o
Ban Francisco. . Oct 14? San Francisca
Wickk j Sun- DesUnwion " Sctn- I **«'
DA.Ya. I jays. ***"" •*»»<*"• pays. I Days.
7:30 am 8:00 AMI Novato, 10:40 am 8-4'J aj*
:30 pm 1 9:30 aml Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 aji
6:10 PM 1 5:00 I'M Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «J:22 pj4
Fulton, ' " . "
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25
TTwlflilinii,
;...; lytton,
Geyservllle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:?Bpm 6:22 pm
Pieta, .-
Hqpland &
T:Soam 8:00 am Ukiah. ; 7:35 pm 6:29 p«
7 :30 am I ] " 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerne 7:35 pm
3:30 pm , 6:22 p>«
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:40 ah
■■"■... and i
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 1 6:10 pm 6:22 psi
7 :30 am B:O>AMj sebastODOl I 10:40^am 10:2 • .ii
8:30 1 6:00 pmj aeOMtopol - I 6:10 pm| 6:2Spm
Htnees connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wess
Springs: at Geyserville for Skates Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for lHchland
Springs, Kelseyvllle. Soda Kay and i.akeport; at
Hopland for LAkeport and Barrett Spring*; ,it
Ukiah for Vichy springs. Saratoga Sprtri23, 3lm
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Hlverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, SanhetJrin Heights. Hullville, Boonevillo,
Greenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendoeino City.
Fort Bragg, Westport, Usa'., Wlliets, Cahto, Co"
veio, Laytonvllle, Harris, Scotland Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all pointa b»>
yond San Rafael at half rates.
. Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle buudlna,
B. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
"..:-.- <»ea. Manager. ■ Gen. Pass Agenh
Atlantic >I^^^^%
■ Pacific
Trains leave ani arriva at J tois^McSiS^l
llarket-Stree: Kerry. "^T^^jjwWTJ
SAXTA FK EXPRESS. Ill^i
To Chicago via A. A; r.^^^r^QUTg|
Direct Lln» ; » »3Q(ir>S^*VTßg
Leaves daly at 4:30 p. M.,carrvlne J'ullnoan Pataca
Drawing-room . and. Modern L'p'iolsfrpd Toariit
Sleeping-cars, which run dally through to ciuc.ko
via Kansas City. - Annex cart {or Denver and St,
Louis. '
Huston Kxcunlons, v a Kansas City, Chicago,
Montreal and the White Alouotalus leave every
'1 . esday. ■ - - : - -"' ;■ : *_ ■'
'I he best railway from California tc the East.
New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery,
ana good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms.
San Francisco Ticket Office, 644 Market
St.. Chronicle Building. Telephone Mala
1531. Oakland. 1118 Uroadway.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
• (Via Sausalito Ferry). <■-•-
from San Francisco, Commencing Sept. 13, 189 i
WEEKDAYS,
For Mill Valley and Ban Kara»l—«7i23. •9!l3 ( ,
11: jO a. it.. »1:45, 3:45, «5:16. •5:45, «J:3O p.m.
Extra trips for B<t:i Kafael on Mondays, Wedne*
. days and Saturdays a: 11 :80 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley nnd Run Pafael— •B:oo, «10:0|
•11:30 a. m. ; *1:.-. O. 3:00, *4:bO. 3:16*. »c
Trains marked • run to san Uueutln.
THROUGH TRAINS. ' : y \ ■; .
For Point Reyes and way stations— 7;2s a. « \t
Weekdays, 8-vOO a. m. Sundays, 1:15 p. v. tiatn» ¥
days. /
ir or Cazndero and way stations— 7 :2s a. m. we»w '
<ays: 1:45 r. M. Wnturdaya. ■ ** m
Weak Men and Women
BtrengtH to the Sexual Organs. «"* "iea"ta andCHANUKA FESTIVAL
AT BETH JACOB
Dedication of Lights Cele
brated With Special
Services.
Rabbi Linezner D monstrates the
Frogress Made With the
Young Members.
Many Parts of the Festiva' Were
Rendered in Both Hebrew and
English Tongues.
Oakland Office San Fraxcirco Call,)
«08 Broadway, Nov. SB. i"
Beth-Jacob congregation commenced
the celebration tins evening of the festival
of Chanuka, or the dedication of the lights.
The festival lasts eight days, and each
evening a new lamp is lighted with great
ceremony.
Eubbi M. Linezner, although only a few
weeks with Beth-Jacob, has already
in igurated an active educational system
for the children ol its members, the object
being to familiarize t*iem with the history
of their race. The study of the German
and Hebrew languages is undertaken in
connection with the historical lessons,
but all other studies are left to the public
schools. The pupils of the school opened
to-day's proceedings with a. song.
Rabbi Linezner and pupils rendered
the manrive or evening service, and then
the rabbi performed the ceremony of dedi
cating the lights, and in this he was also
assisted by his pupils.
The ceremonies were made very inter
esting to all present. For ihe benefit of
those who did not understand the He
brew language Miss Sarah White gave
the English translation of the most inter
esting numbers. Gus Kingobky gave ti.e
Hebrew reading of Chanuka and also the
address on the dedication. 1. Buchman
read the history of the festival, and was
followed by an English >ong by tbe pupils.
From the remarks of H. J. Landers it
wbb learned that the school was in a very
flourishing and progressive condition and
was a very useful addition to the syna
gogue. Miss Jennie Buchman nad a
paper explanatory of the day and tbe
Mi-ses Sarah White. Augusta White and
.Martha Si verstein sang a trio.
Since Dr. Linezner's arrival at the
church marked progress has be> n made.
For some time Drior to his coming the
church had run down on account of hav
ing no permanent pastor. The 10-t ground
has now more than been regained and
Beth-Jacob has taken on new life.
The dedication of lights will close next
Sunday evening.
BERRY ROBBED AGAIN,
Two Bold Men Succeed in Se
cunng Forty-Five Dollars
in Gold.
The Bcdy of Harry Lomax Recovered
After Being in the Water Over
Four Months.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 29.— One of the
boldest and most successful robberies ever
perpetrated in this city occurred at an
early hour this morning, when two un
known men called Chariie Berry from his
house and relieved him of $45 in gold five
doiiar pieces. Berry is commonly known
as "Deaf Charlie," and resides near the
foot of Park street, opposite the electric
ii^ht station. He is considered to be in
good circumstances, and the victim of
eimila work several months apo.
Mr. Berry went home late last night,
and thinks now that he was followed by
the robbers. Out did not know it at; the
time. He was called to the door by re
peated knocltings, and as he opened it he
was grabbed by two men. His mouth was
closed by one and the entire pocket cut
by the other from his pants, in which he
carried the money. The men then made
their escape in the darkness. The officers
were notified ana a fairly good descrip
tion given them by Berry, but they refuse
to divulge the latter at present.
Berry has been very unfortunate of late.
Besides being robbed before he had an
accident wfth a buggy, and nearly lost his
life.
Harry I.omax's Kodjr Found.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 29— The body
of Harry Lomax, the 13- year-old sou of
K. R. Lomax, the blacksmith, who was
drowned on July 15, was recovered to-day
and brought into Weaver's undertaking
apartments. An inquest will be held at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning. The acci
dent occurred on the Hay Farm Island.
Daisy Lomax. accompanied by her brother
Jlarry. agei 16 years, left the Park-street
Station on the loth of July, by the narrow
gaune train, 'or High street on n fishing
excursion. They walked to the bridge and
sat down on a platform under the string
ers of the drawbridge, where they fished
for some time. In gome back home the
boy suddenly fell into the water and w.i.s
drowned. It is thought he was seized
with a cramp in the chest, and this cau ed
him to fall backwards into the water, or he
might have lost his foot in sr.
The girl screamed for help and was
aboutto jump into the water, but some
men who had heard her cries caught hold
of her jtist in time. The boy was not seen
U? the men. and as a strong tide was com
ing in they could do nothing. Searca was
m;id^ for the bo ly and a number of per
hon.i dragged about the spot where he fell
into the water for the balance of the day.
The remains were located near San Lo
renzo ijindini; last evening. The boy's
mother has been seriously ill for several
weeks and it is leared tnai the shock will
be more than she can bear.
Donated to the Library.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Not. 29.— The public
library, claimed to be the beat of any of
its class uj on the coast, was tv-day pre
wnted witli a full set of the ''Tiouveiot
Astronomical Drawings," by Horwinski
Brothers of this city. The books are valued
at $100.
It rei. resents to the general student and
the public, with the utmost accuracy,
minuteness and beauty, the chief eeleaital
obj cts and phenomena, precisely as the
wonderful progress of modern research and
the power of moiiern instruments now
present them to the trained eye of the as
tionomer. Not only the general appear
ance and relative pos tionsoi the different
objects are accurately given, but their
peculiar and delicate colorings are repro
uuced with vivid effect— a result which
phoiography is wholly inadequate to se- |
cure.
While conversing with Librarian Har
bournc is morning Mr. Horwinski stated
that his boys, had a set of the?e work.-,
which ti.ey desired to give either to the
library or to the public' schools jf. Mr.
Harbourne at once put; in a wise word,
which resulted in the books reaching hi*
SYNAGOGUE BETH JACOB.
hands before night. He i 3 very proud of
them.
Death's Call.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Nov. 29.— After a
two weeks' siege of brain fever Joseph
Falkinham, a well-known business man
of this city, died at an early hour this
morning. He was an honored citizen and
a member of the Masons, who will prob
ably have charge of the funeral, which
will take place from the late residence,
1210 Grand ssreet, Tuesday, at 2p. m. The
dec-eased leaves a widow," two daug ters,
Miss Eva ana- Miss Nellie, and Joseph
Falkinham Jr.
THE LADY AND THE DRESS
Pertinent Comments on a Recent
Masquerade Seguel — The £s
tuary Uridge.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 29.— The man
agers of the masquerade balls that have
been held up to th;s part of the season re
gret that they have departed from their
usual custom of naming committees of
awaras. This city has three daily papers,
and the custom has been to appoint their
representatives on the all-important com
mittee £t a mask ball. There has never
been any appeal from their judgment and
all were satisfied. When the Merry Mon
archs held their ball a few nights ago a
committee acquainted with the maskers
was appointed and the result may yet be
tragic. The whole of the Bay District has
become interested in that ball, and Mis*
Minnie Riley and Mrs. Diilingbam have
been forced to deiend tnoir respective
types of beauty, their tastes, their honor
and truthfulness und also their financial
condition through the press. All this has
been very humiliating to Golden Gate and
Emeryvillp society and more sensational
developments are yet expected.
"We've had lots of trouble," sajd a
manager this week, "that we didn't have
when we let the reporters have the choice,
and I guess we'll have to go back to the
old order of thing?. You see a reporter
never has any lady friends, and he don't
pay any attention to masked faces, and
so he passes an opinion solely on the
costumes, and that's what we want. Then
again, a newspaperman doesn't pass half
bis time ai the bar, and co he is not l.fcely
to get muddled, and altogether they make
thf best judges."
This masquerade manager is to be con
gratulated on his correct conception.
If the best interests of Oakland harbor
are consulted there will be but one bridge
across the estuary in the future. There is
no traffic that requires two bridges, and
the increasing shipping in the harbor and
the projected improvements make it im
perative that there shall be a minimum ot
obstruction across the estuary. It is a
very difficult matter to tow a bi^ ship
through two drawbridges unless both are
opened at once and the tug can have a
clear passage. For^years shipping men
have been complaining of the delays oc
casioned by the two drawbridges, and to
sailing schooners that have to beat up or
down the channel the loss is very great.
Within the past month some large bunk
ers and wharves have been opened in the
upper harbor, and tne contract for others
was only let a few days ago. , This means
that the largest class of vesseis will soon
be navigating the upper harbor, ana to
have to pass two bridges, when but one is
necessary, :s only a needles increase of
danger. fcTUABT W. Booth.
TALCOTT FOR CHAIRMAN.
Dr. R. Stiaiton For Physician at the
Receiving Hospital.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 29.— 1t is given
out authoritatively that J. 11. Talcott will
be the chairman of the new Board of Su
pervisors. Supervisoi Church was orig
inally picked out for the presidency, but
when an agreement was reached Talcott
was chosen and Church will control the
County Inhimary.
As ihe result ot the complexion of the
new board it is stated that Dr. 11. St ration,
a broiher of the benator-elect, will suc
ceed Dr. M. L. Johnson as physician of
the Iteceiving Hospital. County Expert
liarn's wii! M retained. His place was
wanted by Supervisor Wells for young
Failon of Welis' district, but being a lone
Democrat WeUa could not dictate regard
ing the patronage.
Three Kojg and a Hun.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. Three boys
with a sun met with a serious accident
this afternoon, ami it is thought one of
uie:n will die. Jonn Donovan, Harry
Canty and John Strisch, all lads about 12
years of age, went out on the Alanuda
marsh this afternoon to shoot rail. They
nad with tnem one 'ordinary" shotgun
They were crossing a. creek, and were
passing the gun, which was cocked, from
one to the other, handling it carelessly
from stock to muzzle. The gun went off
just when, all the three lads were in the
j.ne of tire. Canty, received nearly the
whole charge in his breast arid face, and
some of the shot entered his lungs. He is
very badly injured, ana is suffering from
internal hemorrhages, and it is' thought
he cannot recover. Donovan's : little
and third fingers of one hand "were; shot
off, and Strisch received a few shots in the
face,, hut the injuries of the two last na m.-d
ire not serious?. The boys were so badly
frightened . that they V cannot remember
who held the gun when it went off. The
lads were treated by i Dr. Hamlin- at the
Receiving Hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
STUDENTS MUST
MAKE MUSCLE,
Physical Culture to Form
an Important Factor
in High Schools.
Well- Trained Athletes May En
ter College in the
Future.
Professor Magee of Berkeley to
Deliver Four Lectures on
"Physical Culture."
BERKELEY, Cau, Nov. 28. — Gym
nasium work bids fair to become a part of
the curriculum of every Higti School in
the State. Well-trained track athletes
and sturdy football men may soon be de
veloped outside of the university. The
time may not be far distant when mile
runners, sprinters, hammer-throwers and
halfbacks will enter college with records
equal to any held by the best of ou-r uni
versity athletes of to-day.
The tirst step in this direction was taken
to-day when Profee^or Walter E. Magee
of the department of physical cuitur at
the State University left for Southern Cali
fornia to deliver a coarse of four lectures
W. E. Magee, Professor of Physi
cal Culture.
on "Physical Culture" before the annual
session or the Southern California Teach
ers' Association. Never before in tho his
tory of education in California have lec
tures on the development of the physique
been given by a professor from the uni
versity o-.ilsidfc of the college walla.
Immeliatflly npon his election to a pro
fesaorship Mr. Muget- set about to prepare
a course of lectures on physical culture,
to be delivered to the hi K lj school students
of the Stitte. The data on the training
and development of the human body,
which he baa been ga hering ever since
becoming connected wi h the university
eight years ago. has he en arranged ami
compiled, together with a quantity of
notes w .ich he has recently taken espe
cially for tne purpose.
The lectures by Professor Magee at the
session of Southern California teachers
are considered as the forerunners of a
coarse of prescribed work in physical
training in every preparatory school of
the Slate. The interest along that line in
the secondary schools has been rapidly in
creasing for several year* p:ist. As a re
sult of this precollefiate training the stu
dents who have entered the university
within the last two years have been much
belter developed than their predecessors
of four or five years act).
It is the purpose of the university to
still further* encourage this systematic
exercise in the public school.*, and to tliat
end Professor Maeee will work at such
tiniea as he can get away from his duties
at Berkeley.
President Martin Kellogg. Professor
Elmer E. Brown, head of Ihe de
partment of pedagogy, and Associate
Professor Bailey of the same de
partment; Professor William A. Setcbeil,
head of the department of botany;
Profe-sor Bernard Moses, chief of
the department of imtory; Processor
William Carey Jones, bead of the depart
ment oi jur.sprudence, and Professor
Irving Strinpham, head of the mathe
matics department, will also attend the
session of teachers at L >s Angeles.
I". < inn- 1 i :mk Nuptials.
BERKELEY, Cal., Not. 28.— Wedding
heils chimed in th«* univer-itv town this
afternoon for A. Baum and' Miss Mellita
Frank, b >th o! Berkeley.
The ceremony was performed at the
residence ot !Sol Green hood on Oxford
>treet, Key. Dr. Friedlamier of Oakland
lying th*- nuptial knot. A laree crowd of
the Jewish friends of the contracting par
ties, both from San Francisco and Oak
land, were present.
The couple took the afternoon train for
San Jose, where they will remain for a
few days, after which they will go to Vi
salia, returning after their honeymoon to
San Francisco, where they will make their
home.
ALLIANCE DISAPPOINTED.
Xot Chosen aa Guard of Honor to the
President-Klect.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 29.— The dis
patch from Canton, Ohio, relating to the
personal escort of President-elect McKin
ley came like a thunderclap to the Repub
lian Alliance of Oakland. It stated that
the Eighth Regiment of the Ohio Na
tional Guard has been selected to act as
Major McKinley's personal escort to
Washington from Canton.
Since the election the alliance has hoped
that it would be accorded the honor of be
ing Major McKinley's personal escort.
They had some ground for their hope.
Alameda County suved California for Mc-
Kinley, and the alliance worked ao hard
during the campaign that it naturally
considered it had some right to recogni
tion.
The arrangements for a trip to Canton
for the purpose of escorting th President
elect to Washington were taken up m
earnest, but were h eld in abeyance until
it w<:b known whether the Alliance would
be chosen or not.
The news of to-day has proved a big dis
appointment to the crack political regi
ment of the State.
MARRIED FIFTY YEARS.
Four Generation* Attend the Edwards
Golden Wedding.
OAKLAND, Cal., Nov. 29.— Mr. and
Mrs. John C. Edwards of 1056 Thirtieth
street were married in South Wales
just half a century ago to-day. Over 200
invitations were sent out to a reception
that was held this afternoon and nearly all
of them were accepted. Mr. Edwards is 77
years ol aj»e and his wife is four years his
junior. They have ten children living and
numerous grandchildren were in attend
ance.
Alter their marriage in 1846 they made
a tour of the world and settled in Nevada
in early days. Some years later Mr. Ed
wards came to California to prospect in
the mines. He was lucky and when he
quit uiininp he came to Oakland to live
and has since made his home here.
Many Are Confirmed.
OAKLAND, Cal., Not. 29. — Bishop
Nichols presided at the confirmation ser
vice to-night at the Church of the Advent.
Fifty candidates were confirmed, which is
the largest class ever presented in the
parish.
PALO'S SIGN OF SILENCE
The Accused Murderer Signaled
Mrs. Parenti After the
Style of Italy.
Quick M^vem nts of the Hand Over
the Forehead a Solemn Re
quest for Siii nee.
There has been a great deal of curiosity
in Italian quarters and elewhere a« to
what L. J'alo, charged with the murder of
Agostino Parent!, meant in the Coroner's
office on Saturday when, during the testi
mony, he suddenly aro;-e and sought to
quiet Parenti's widow by a few mysteri
ous words and signs that none of the Ital
ians present under>tood.
Mrs. Parenti was almost hysterical dur
ing the giving of evidence bearing on her
husband's death. She wept aloud and
ejaculated many strange sentences in Ital
ian during the progress of the case.
Suddenly Paio, the accused man, arose,
spoke one or two commanding words of so
cabalistic a character that none of the
Italians understood them, made a ruvs
terious motion across his forehead and sat
down.
Coroner Hawkins was angry over the
proceeding, but the woman was effectu
ally quelled. When her eyes met I'ulo's
she ceased her noise ami went to the next
room, where she speke no more, but
sobbed quietly during the entire proceed
ing.
There were rumors yesterday that the
liana were those of La Mafia, but lialians
do not credit the story. Speaking of t;e
•igO* yesterday Joseph Marini, who has
traveled widely over Itaiy, said: "Some
suca crossing of the head as is reported to
have occurred during the trial is the super
stitious and somewhat solemn warning
resurtfd to by peasants in Southern Italy
when they desire to impress upon a Iriend
the idea ihat speech may be followed b/
dire disaster. I might say it is a prayer or
imprecation, invoking God to make i lie
person addressed remain quiet. Why
Palo wanted the woman to remain quiet I
do not know, but I believe the sign was
nothing but a solemn injunction to keep
still."
Company la Shoot.
Following is the score at the monthly shoot
of Company 1., N. G. C:
Private Blavat, 44; Sergeant Shields, 44;
Private Puyson, 44; Sergeant F. K. Moore, 42;
Lieutenant Tobin, 43; Private J. yon Staden,
4'J; Lieutenant EL Huber, 41; Private Meyers
40; Private Kero, 40; Private Baike, 40; Pri
vate HhII, 40; Private Otten, 39; Coriioral
UihiF, 39; Corporal Golly, 38; Private S'ripi.ei,
38; Captain Kictiter, 38; Private Deiz, 37;
Private McPortland. 37; Private Allen, 30:
Corporal son, 3i>; Private bidden, 35; S^rueant
L menteyer, 30; Private McCarty. 34; Private
liehling, 30; Private Hau&er, 'M; Corporal
S;o zeuwald, 25.
Tho annual gold and silver medals were
won by Private Blavat Rtid Sergeant Shields,
each Having scored 44. Biavut wins the
gold medal by Creedmore rules.
HOW POOR LO
CAME TO AMERICA
Learned Theory That the
Indian Race Originated
in Asia.
Led Here From Jerusaien and
Later Cursed With a
Red Skin.
E. H Nye, President of the California
Mormon Mission, on th? S iution of
a Great Problem.
E. H. Nye, president of the California
Mormon Mission, preached yesterday at
9i.»9^ Market street on the origin ol the
American Indian. He said substantially:
From the time the Americas have been re
garded as a continent, separate and distinct
irom the Old World, and more especially since
immigration from the Eastern < ouilnent has
developed here the mighiy Nation' of the
present, the question which perhaps above all
others has perplexed the mind of every histo
rian, archseoiigst and thinking man, who has
given the matter serious reflection, is:
Who is the American Indian? Whence came
these dusky braves, whose council tires, two
centuries ago, rose i i every valley from Hud
sou's Bay to farthest Florida and from ocean
to ocean? .
Historians agree that, notwithstanding the
central nimuarity of the native American
nations In form, feature, color, hair ana
speech they were widely separated in culture.
On the table-lands of Mexico, Central America
and Peru lived nations which, as compared
with the rest of the world, may be proucrly
termed civilized. Indeed, tue archaeologists
of the pres nt in their very recent discoveries
in those districts are proving beyond the
question of a doubt that they were once the
homes of a people highly cultured and highly
civilized.
In Bancroft's "Native Races" that locality is
referred to as the seat of a mighty empire
which grew and flourished until it reechea
the zenith of its power, then became corrupted
and fell, leaving only its mighty ruins to mark
its glorious past.
Large cities have been unearthed, revealing
ruins of great worKH of architecture, master
pieces oi art and science, demonstrating the
fact that those districts were once the Seat of
a wealthy and powerful people. Different
theories are extant an to their origin and his
tory. -Some contend that America was peo
pled from Europe, some from Africa, some
irom Asia. Many believe thai the Mexicans
were originally Jews, or descendants ot the
ten tribe* of Israel. Yet none of these differ
ent theories seem to satisiy even the men who
advance them, and after a research of nearly
four hundred years they almost unanimously
agree that they are as far from a. satisfactory
conclusion as in the beginning. It seems that
an impenetrable veil has been stretched before
them by an omnipotent hand, beyond which
science has not had power to pass. Why fur
ther^pursue these unsuccessful attempts to
fathom these mysteries by means of science?
Why not turn the full rays of light upon the
subject, solve the problem and put an end to
these vain attempts?
Tne Book oi Mormon', purporting to be a his
tory of the predecessors of the American In
dian, offers, among others, the 'following' evi
dences corresponding with the discoveries of
the age: On pages 302 and 303 may. be found
an accurate description of the country now
known as Guatemala and Yucatan. This
country is therein represented as the grand
center of civilization of a mighty nation. An
account is also given of the destruction of
many of those large,' flourishing cities, viz.:
"And the city of Moroni did sink into the depths
of the t-ea and the inhabitants thereof were
diowned." That city now lies beneath the
ocean waves between the mainland lAt Vera
Cruz and the Han Juan de Ulloa. (See Ban
crott's Native Races.) - •■■■•.. .
••Yea, and the city of Oulhah and the inhab
itants thereof, and the city of Mocum and the
inhabitants thereof, and the city of Jerusalem
and the inhabitants thereof; and waters have
I caused to come up in the place thereof to
hide their wickedness and abominations from
before my face, that the blood of the prophets
and the saints shall not come up any more
unto me against them." In the locality some
times called the "Lake District," in the prov
ince of Petin, between Guatemala and Yuca
tan, in two of the lai.es are unmistakable evi
dences of cities having been sunk beneath
the waters (Bancroft). , ••
■ "And behold that great city Jacobugath,
: which was inhabited by the people of Jacob,
have I caused to be burned with fire. And
behold the city of Laman, and the city of
Josh, and the city of Gad, and the city of Kish
kimmen have I caused to be burned with tire
and the inhabitants thereof, because of their
wickedness in casting out the prophets and
stoning those Whom I did send to declare unto
them concerning their wickedness and t&eir
abominations.' ' ...
The cities of Copan, Uxmal, Ococuigo, City
of Palaces, Chichen, lisa and Palauque are
among the number now known to have been
discovered. I'alauque is accredited as being
the oldest city oi America. Great massive
ruins of stonework, palaces, castles, aqueducts
and other skillful works of masonry, home of
which are imbedded with a heavy growth :o
huge timbers, now mark this {civilization of
the past throughout- Yucatan und adjoining
country. La Plonjon is authority for the state
ment of upwards of fifty such cities Laving al
ready been discovered in Yucatan. '■
The sacred resting pla".e of the golden treas
ure containing the records of the piedecessors
of the American Indian was revealed to Joseph
Smith as follows:
In the year 1824 Smith received a visitation
from a.• heavenly messenger, who directed
him to a place now known throughout the
State of New York as . Mormon Hill, and
pointed out to him the sacred spot where the
plates were concealed. He was permitted to
take them fortn, and by the power of God he
was enabled to translate the reformed Egyp
tian and Hebrew characters thereon engraved
into the English . language. Tne work was
given to the world id 1827 under the title of
"The Book of Mormon." This was years be
fore any of the discoveries her in mentioned
were made. It purports to be tie history of a
' race of people who sprang from one Lthl, to
whom a heavenly mess .tiger appeared in Jeru
salem about fourteen years prior to the ' de
struction of that city in the days of Zedcktab,
KingofJudab. According to his instructions
Lehi fled' from the city and was miraculously
led by the hand of God through a wilderness
to the sea, where his people were commanded
to build a ship. Having accomplished this* tusk
they embarked for the promised land, trust
ing the Almighty to guide them to their desti
nation.
They. landed, as near as can : now be told,
on the const of Guatemala, Here they built
them cities, founded empires, grew, prospered
and spread, over all adjacent country and
ling up to the time o> the coming, of the
savior became very- wicked.' At the time of
.the (k'sith of our; Lord at Palestine there were
three diys of total darkness in this- land.
Earthquakes, tempests, tornadoes, etc., swept
over v.ie l«nd, destroying many cities of tne
wicked, as. before referred to. (See Book of
Mormon, paces ' 495-7.) Jesus said to his
Apostles in Palestine. ju«t prior to his ascen
tibn: "Other sheep have 1, which are not of
tnis io'.d. 'lh , too, 1 must visit, teat there
may be one to; and one shepherd"
(John x:16). ) -. "-■'-- .'.,,■ -■
In accor.iap.ee therewith, at the close of the
three* days' darkness, , he appeared to -. the
people on . this continent," taught them his
gospel, selected and. ordained ; twelve apostles
and organized his churcu as he had done in
Palestine. ' . • ..-•
This church and organization continued in
its perfection for 300 years and the people
were righteous.' At about ; that time they
began to: drift; away from ' tho doctrines of
Christ into .wickedness . and. abominations,
until the white race were totally destroyed as
a people. -The lust greet battle was tooxDt
near the place before, referred 'to as Mormon,
Hill, where the records were deposited at that
time by the last writer. Moroni. '•£t9£SsMgnsK
• Lehi was a -descendant .ot " the tribe of
Jos .-ph. through Ephraitn. .Shortly after their
arrival in the promised land two of ; the sons
of Lehi rebelled against their father : and
brothers, ..became, a ; separate . people and
finally made war against them.
The Lord revealed the fact to Lehi'-j people
that their enemies were coining against' them
in war and had 'pain themselves red to ap
pear mure • terrible. '. He : turtner said . that if
they should continue in \ their wickedness he
would : curse them ' and their ; posterity , wit .
that color. Hence ■ the color of the American
Indian. :■•'■:■*'■■ -■'■ - : y ■ '■ *■■ '■■-■' ■'■''■ ■ ■■■ •. -■' ;■{-.
Presidio Athletic Ground*.
At the Presidio Athletic Grounds three
games were played.
The Bulletins deieated the Reports by a
score of 18 to 10.
California Market team defeated the
Calliopians by a bcore of 10 to 8.
The Dickman-Jones team defeated the
H. b. Crjckera by a &core ot 22 to 14.
_ --..., ■ V ■ s*» '
Auction Sales
COOK & CO.
123 Ktarny Street. .
OF THIS ' '. / : - :
WONDERFUL AUCTION SALE
THIS DAY, MONDAY, • ';.. ■
NOVEMBER 3OTH,
AT 2 OCLOCK P. M.
Fine China, Exquisite Ornaments, Rich
Cut Glass, Magnificent Lamps, etc.
I*. J. BAHTH, Auctioneer. ■'.
niHITUKE ! FIRMTIRE I
I SHALL SELL BY ORDER OF COURT,
The Furniture of 20 Rooms Of Lodging
House, 802 Montgomery St.
A Splendid Chance for Good Bargains.
Sale takes place at 802 Montgomery street,
At 1 o'clock p. it.
MONDAY. NOVi Ml.K it 30. 1896.
C. W. tLFVINO. Commissioner,
■ ■.. . -; :: . ; 217 bansome at.. B. F.
THE BASCH AIICTIOI COMPAH.Inc.
319-331 SUtTEIt STREET, .
Bet. Grant aye. and Stockton St. Tele. Orant 87.
GKOCEKIESI GROCKRIES'
1 will sell THIH DAY (>:o-i<I.»y), Nov. 30. 1896,
at id: Oa m.. a Fine Stock of Groceries, Canned
and Bo tleii lioods, Showcase. Scales. 1 Bagatelle
: Table, Tea Caddies, etc: alio Toys. Dolls, Baskets,
Fancy Vases, eta A good chance for Holiday
goods. S. BASCH. Auctioneer.
SELLING OUT
AT HALF COST— WAOOKS. BDGGIES, CARTS
AM)- HARNESS OF KVtRY DE-
BCRH"TION, both New and
Second-hand.
1_— -NO OFFER REFUSED. — —
1122-1128 MISSION STREET.
ma run a \ a co.
ABOUND THE DIAMOND.
Alerti Defeat the Swlnnertons—lmpe
rials Defeat San Franciscos—Bulle
tins Defeat Reports.
The Alameda Alerts defeated the Swin
nertons at Central Park yesterday by a
score oi 10 to 4.
McKee was in fine form, and held the
Swinnertons down to five hits. The* Alerts
put up an excellent fielding game.
Hennessy's pitching was wild. He gave
nine men oases on balls.
In the fifth inning Van Norden hit the
ball over the left field fence for a home
run, bringing in two men.
The following is the score:
ALKBTa. A.B. R. B.H. 8.8. P.O. A. K.
Birds. 3 b 6 2 2 0 3 2 0
Webber, s. s 3 2 0 0 16 1
\V. Hammond. a... 5 3 0 8 5 1 0
McKee.p 3 10 0 18 0
Cughtln, r. f 3 10 0 0 0 0
Wm. flrochoff. Ib. 5 0 1 2 12 0 2
( roll, 1 f 4 0 110 0 0
(Jo.dswonhy.2 b... 4 0 0 0 3 10
J. Hammond, c. f.. 3 12 0 2 0 0
Totals. .....36 10 6 6 27 12 3
SWISNEUTOXB. A.B. 11. B.H. S.B. P.O. A. F..
McDermou. 2 b.... 4 110 10 2
Van Norden, 8. a... 110 3 3 3
Heonessy, p 4, 0 0 0 0 3 0
Pfaeifer. 3 b... ...... 4- 10 14 3 2
Mcßlrney. 1 b 4 0 1.0 11 OS
Al Brockhoff, 1.f... 3 0 0 0 10 0
Fairer, c 40 10 6 6 0
Mumhy, c. f. ...... 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lovelier, f.. ....... 3 110 10 0
Totals... 84 4 5 1 27 14 10
BUNS BY l II HI II I
Alerts.... .......4 1 113 0 0 0 0-10
Base hit 5.. .......... '2 1011000 I—6
awlnnertons. 0 1003000 o—4
Base hits .....0 1012010 0— 5
I Earned runs— Swlnnertons '.'%.■■-■ Home run—
Norden. Two-base hit— Mcßtrney. Base on er
rors— Alerts 7, Swlnnertons 3. Base on balls-
Alerts 8, Swlnnertons 2. .Lettoa bases— Alerts 10, j
Swlnnertons 5. 'strneic , out— By : McKee 6, by (
Heunessy 8. - Hit by pitcher— Webber and Go da
wor.liy. Passed -ills— Kuger 2. Wild pllc&es—
Hennessy 2. . Umpire, McDonald.
, , The Imperials', Game.
The Imperials defeated the San Fran
ciscos yesterday at Sixteenth and Folsom
by a score of 6 to 5. ■
The following is the score :
Imperials. a.k. n. b.ii. s.b. P.o. a. k.
Smith, ». a.... 4 1110 5 0
Wilds, 1b...... 4 1 1 1 10 O 1
Keiliy. 3 b 3 132520
Stanley, c ........ 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Kelly, p.. 1. » 3 2 1 016 0
Bliss, r. 1....... 3 1 11200
Magee.c. f 3 0 10 0 0 0
McCarthy. 1. f., p.. 3 0 10 10 0
Creamer, 2b. 3 0 0 0-2 4 0
Totals 29 6 9 • 5 *23 19 1
«as FKANCIBCOS. A.B. R. BH. 8.8. P.O. A. E.
Bam Mertes, 2 .4 01 02 24
Kruit. c i ...4 2 3 Oil 1
Murphy, lb 4 2 4 1 11 0 0
Sweeney, 3b. 4 0 0 0 0. 0 0
Burxe.r. f 3 0 1,01 0
Scott.c. 4 110 8 2 0
B. Meres. L f. 3 0 1 "1 "0" O 0
cooney. p.... 3.0 .. 10 0 10
Billings, as 3 0 0 0 13 1
Totals 32 5 12 2 '2\ 9 6
•Two men oat when San Franciscos threw up
the game.
BUX3 BY IN'NFNnS.
San Franc15c05...........0 0001 202—5
Imperils 0 100010 4—
Karned mug— San Franclscos 4, Imperials 1 2.
Two-nose nits — Murphy (2), Krug; Rei acri-
Rev bits — san Fran< iscos 2, Imp-rials 1. - Base on
called balls— San FrancixccH 1, Imperials ]. struck
out— By Kelly . •_'. by Cooney 4. Passed balls-
Stanley 1. Umpire— rip O'.Ne.lL I Time of game—
One hour, twenty minutes.
; Other Games.
A team composed of members of Com
pany G, stationed at the Presidio, de
feated the Will & Fincka by a score of 11
to 8. '
A telegram was received by Captain
Hammond of the champion Alameda
Alerts this evening from the HoUisters,
challenging the Alerts to a game next
Sunday. Captain Hammond immediately
accepted the challenge.
The South Ends won two games yester
day. They defeated tl>e Californias in the
morning by a of 8 to 4 and in the
afternoon by 8 to 3.
EASTERN RACERS COMING.
Stevens, M»- Hjul nxl and knapp Will
Arrive This Week— Velodrome
Meet Next Saturday.
The Velodrome track was crowded all
day yesterday with the many riders
training for next Saturday's big meet.
Wells, Foster, Becker, Jone.-«, the Terrills
and other professional cracks rode both in
the morning and afternoon, besides a
score of amateurs. There waa a con
tinuous stream of spectatore pouring in
and out during the day, and there was
always a lar^e crowd present.
The nrot;ramme of events arranged for
next Saturday's meet is as follows:
Velodrome shield ■ race, on« mile, profes
sional—ln this race the contestants start from
opposite sides of the truck and rule vn paced.
The winner of the shield .• receives. $10 per
week wni<e tue trophy is rightfully he.d by
him. W. A. ("Bob") Ternll, B. C. W., San
Francisco: W. E. Becker. O. C. W., Minneap
olis. ■ . . ,
% Two-thirds mile, scratch, ': amateur — First,
suit, $25; second, overcoat, $15; third, "mer
chandise. $10. Coast record, 1:25-1-5. by
• Zimmv" McFxrland, O- C.W. •
■ Two-thirds mile, scratch, professional — First
$50; second, $25; third, $15. Coast record
1:27 2-5, C.R. Coulter, O.C. W.
Half- mile exhibiiio , tand'm, amateur-
Coast and Velodrome record ,"s7 1-5, by Gooch
and E ford, R. A. C. ; George E. l>ixou B. C W
un.i Charles Kraft, B. C. W, v . . '■'
.-.. ' Hall-mile handicap;-' amateur — First/suit
$25; -.second; overcoat, . $15; third, mer
chandise. $10. Const record, 1:07 4-5, by
"Dick" Moody, G. C.C. :
- * 0..c 1 mile • "exhibition, professional, paced—
Velodrome record, 1:59, - b.- Walter F. Foster,
O. C.W.; F. A. CZimmy")McFarland, O. C.W.
Manager Fawcef. received a telegram
yesterday from F. A. McFarland and O.
L. Stevens, who are now in Texas, asking
Inra to enter them in all the protessiot.al
events, as they will be here Friday. Both
have just come trora the National Racing
Circuit, and are in splendid racing trim.
McFarland is a California:!, hailing from
San Jose, and will receive a warm wtl
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
Telephone— Main 5181.
UNCLAIMED 7 GOODS AT AUCTION
- - WEDNESDAY. .
Wednesday, Dec. 9, 1896, at 13 O'clock,
We will sell in our warerooms, by order of the
proprietor of the -.
PACIFIC STORAGE WAREHOUSE.
The following goods, sold to pay storage and
cnurjJitvi : » •»•
ih h * COl i b ? I Sewln Machine; L. E. Sheplar,
10 boxes of Kubber stamps, etc : Phaillng Bros., 1
Gas Machine; E. L. Hicks, 5 barrels Of Gtasswure;
TmnV- *£ "wen l 1>luno: H. T. shorn an. 1 Box
Trunk: . N. D. Mckie*. 1 Piano: D. ; sterling. 2
Trunks: Tobeiman, lot of Household Goods; K. rte
Ualrraont. 1 Trunk; George B. Fraley. 6 Boxes;
k Oy },% lot of Be <ldlng ant Valise-.; Hani Ru-
Phcyj Boxes; A. Barnes. 1 Valise: K. Conroy, 2
liarrels. 1 Box and 1 Trunk: M. Axtel, 1 lot of
House, 'oMUood,; Mrs. Webber. 4 Boxes and 1
Barrel: J. B. Brown, I Trunk: James O. Hunter.
\, lr»-k: -Mr Blumfied, -1 Trunk and 1 Chest
Mr. Wilson. 1 Trunk ami Valise; H. L. Fox. 1
?«m V £ nor V? boxes: Mr - Zara - l lot of House-
hold Goods: Mrs. M. Walker. 2 Boxes; O. 1*
(ttabam. 1 lot of Household Goods; Air«. A. Ford,
1 lot of Household Goods; Junior Parish, 1 Chfstl
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.. auctioneers,
; ... 31 and 33 Sutter street.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE!
&* £a &t fei
AT SOUTH * BURTON'S STOCKYARDS,
1601 Harrison St., corner Twelfth,
TUESDAY. December 1, 1896
By o der of A. W. Lindsay we. will sell 2 car-
lo«ds of Horses, consisting of to head of broke and
SO head of unbroke horse., weighing from 1000 to
1400 ronn .s. suitable for all purposes. No finer
lot of Draft. .Hussy or Wa;on Horses was ever of-
fered In this market. No reserve. No limit.
BCUuIVAN & DOTIJB,
livestock Auctioneers,
Ofllre. tt-.'7 -Ixth st.
come on his first appearance Saturday,
when he -will race and ride an exhibition
mile.
Arthur Gardiner, the Chicago flyer, has
written from Denver that he will' be here
in about ten days and will spend the win
ter here, riding at all the Velodrome meets.
Wilbur Knapp will return from the
East this week and will hereafter be the
announcer at the Velodrome. In this par
ticular field he has no equal.
The Bay City Wheelmen's pool tourna
ment progressed rapidly yesterday. Four
players— Day, Harloe, Caldwell and Rhys
— have lost three games and are conse
quently out of it Those who have the
best chances now of winning are Kellom,
Pike and Menne. The score thus far is as
follows:
Names.
Games
Played
Won.
Lost.
ii
1
3
3
2
3
M
•1
1
1 .
!*} 2
" 0
1
. 0
2
Pike, J. M
Day, F. L
spaldtng, H. W
Kellom. A. E
Welch, H. W
Menne, A. 3
Hall, George L.
Leavitt, John W
Jaldwell, Ueorga P
Plummer, Sauford
Mervy, Dr. K. T
Harloe, M. S
kauzee, Au-uu
Kob -rts, J. B
Hbys, A. W
4
4
4
,'■
•1
4
8
3
4
2
•i
3
3
2
5
1
3
1
0
2
1
1
1
3
1
2
,3
2
•i
3
Entries for next Saturday's Velodrome
meet wili close to-night and" will be handi
capped to-morrow. Seats will be on sale
Thursday.
P. G. Alexander returned from the East
Friday with his bride, and will now locate
here permanently.
Tbe members of the California Cycling
Club bad a run to the park and beach yes
terday, and in the evening held their an
nual banquatat adowntowii hostelry. Both
affairs were largely attended, ana the ban
quet, in i articular, was very enjoyable.
Yesterday was one of the most agreeable
riding days of the year, and the cyclers
crowded the park drives and "cycle
paths from early till date. The country
roads are quite rough now, however, and.
riding over them is not very agreeable.
• — * — •
Divorces are frequent in Japan. One
marriage in every three ends in a legal
separation.
TOE
1 JIO
WEEKLY
' \" * .: ; '. :' V ; •,. '* i ' - '
CJILL
•■.-.. ■
I' It Publishes the Cream of the
News of the Week and •
MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
ORIGINAL FEATURES.
IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
PAPER ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
Always Republican, but Always
Fair and Impartial in Its
Rendering of the Po-
litical News.
It's. the Paper to Send East If
You Want to Advertise
. California.
<?( The Best \ /Mining
c< Telegraphic \/ News That
c<. Service on />v ■Is Accurate
q/ The Coast / \& up to data
°y Not a Line of it Sensational
°S or Faky, and Not a Line of
°\ it Dry or Uninteresting.
°J A PAPER FOR THE COUNTRY FIRESIDE.
Bright, Clean, A Champion of
©< Thoughtful. 1 ruth.
O< A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER
3 ■.-' ALL THE TIME.
°) IT ADVOCATES SENT BY
C< HOME - MAIL, $1.50 \
fj INDUSTRIES A YEAR.
5 THE CALL SPEAKS TOR ALL
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLngJ&^L*. ?, EABSr ST * " Established
■T7 V^B in 1554 for the treatment of Private
UiLjß Disewies, Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngo.. bodyand mindand
VmHMB rtlC J n Diseases. 'lTiedoctorcnreswhea
<JfTEfMSg| others fall. Try him. Charges low.
ZWUBB (arm irnai Callorwrltol
Or. J. V. uUtBQJf. Bos IMT.Sau VrMcSoSk
910
REAL ESTATE
MARKET REVIEW
Property Interests Develop
ing an Upward Ten
dency.
Two Lccal Auction Sales Sched
uled for This
Month.
Matters in the Building Line Promise
a Large Increase by Next
Spring.
Among the real estate agents there Is a
growing conviction that thoir business is
tending upward, and the market hits assumed
a more satisfactory tone. And yet it cannot be
conceded that the slight improvement is suffi
cient to induce owners to stiffen pr^os n .be
cause the demand must be very mucti.'better
than it is now before values can be materially
affected. It is well to know, however, mat the
real estate business shows signs of the ap
proach of prosperous times; or, rather, that
the worst is past, and San Francisco is
steadily, if slowly, improving. Many prop
erty-owners are obtaining loans on their
possessions, ana an analysis of ■ the. applica
tions reveals the fact that the mortgagers are
not compelled to borrow money, but, ou the |
contrary, are seeking loans with which to im- j
prove their property.
This is at least taken as an Indication of en- \
terprise, and one that promises a great deal.
It touches .slightly on the speculative, though j
lacking the essential qualities of speculation, :
inasmuch as the land offered as security is re- .
garded with absolute good faith as more than '
enough reason for expending money in im
proving it. From such a condition real estate !
men argue that confidence is returning to
people interested in realty.
The nistory of the different periods of de- i
pression in" business which have occurred
within the history of this City would afford!
an instructive lesson upon the stable condition I
on which San Francisco business rests, and the I
causes of lecovery which have to c. early ,
manifested themselves during the past few j
weeks. .
Proppfty value?, especially in growing
centers of trade, are not an accurate index of
the degree of prosperity such a place may
enjoy. In but few cities of the United States j
are property values tjxed. There is the specu- i
lative features of buvlng and selling property |
which too often eitner leads the investor to j
pay more than the property is worth from the i
standpoint of a ■ business investment, or to j
undervalue the property and make an offer i
that is considerably below what it actually i
<ju','ht to sell for.
In one case he makes the investment on a :
prospective valuation thtit the property will
attain at some time in the near future, and in
the other instance he considers the actual
conditions as they may , exist during some
period of great depression, and places a value '
on the property which is fit* below the amount '
represented by its actual intrinsic worth. ■
The general rule, however, that investments ;
in property are safe, has been exemplified in j
San Francisco just as it has in every other;
prominent city of the United States, and the j
person who makes a judicious investment in i
San Francisco property to-day will realize the j
fame returns on this Investment as the
thousands of people who nave already made
fortunes out of San Francisco realty.
There is some property in .San Francisco 1
that has been sold on a speculative basis; the i
large amount of property, however, included I
within the thickly settled pait of the City '
may at this time be considered, as possessing a i
value that has all the element.- of stability.
The desirable property of San Francisco has j
always formed a basis of credit which has pre- '
vented anything like a crisis in ihe finances of
the City. It is probably a safe prediction that
should* the occasion require it — en issue that
has never been brought before the San Fran
cisco people an amount of money could De
secured by "San Francisco's wealthy property
owners that would carry this City safely
through five or six years of as great a depres- ;
sion as was experienced in this country in
1803.
Aside from San Francisco's assets in income
producing property, however, this City, as the
financial center of the Pacific Coast, has a 1
fund set aside for a rainy day that has not
only carried San Francisco, but a large part of
the Pacific slope, through one of the most
disastrous panics the country ever witnessed.
San Francisco's representative banks, with
one or two exceptions, have always been safely
managed, and these banks to-day are among
the strongest In the country.
It is no idle boast to say that in point of
commercial stability San Francisco ranks with
any city of the United States. This fact is rec
ognized all over the Union as well as in every
financial center in Europe. San Francisco's
wealth was won in legitimate tiade and man
ufactures and, being based on the ; natural re
sources of the country, grew in proportion to
the development of the agricultural and min
eral resources of the region for which she was
the mart. These agencies have contributed to
the building up of a substantial city of 350,
-000 people, with the most extensive jobbing
trade, the leading manufactures and the
largest shipping interests on the Pacific Coast.
The average Eastern man familiar with the
methods of "boomed" cities of the far West,
when he visits San Francisco, is usually sur
prised when he finds here not only extensive
commerce, but so many large financial institu
tions, business-houses and manufactories es
tablished on an absolutely sound basis and
conducting their affairs on sound business
principles, which more than one Western City
could adopt with profit.
PROSFKCTS FOE BUILDING. -
The following extracts on the building busi
ness for the past mouth and the prospects of
the future, with review -of the building for
the month of November just passed as com
pared with the same month of previous years
since 1890, are taken from a recent number of
Wolfe's Building News and Review: ' ;
"There , are many plans for buildings neins
figured on. and still more for orders which
have been placed with -architect*. The
dawn of prosperity is gradually tirightenin_v
The grand rain we have had will bring joy to
t:iou*.uds. There will be the largest demand
for labor in the near future ever known in our
Golden State."
The following is a record of building each ■
year during the month of- November since the
year 1890:
"Year. , ' Value. :
1890 i $734,138
IS9I .' .. 223.873
3 80-' ........'. 344,814
J893.... '311.881'
1894 ..... ....V..... .;...:.. 339,407
1595....V. '. .".; 239,974
1896 ;.r 117,913
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS, f
Ninety-one wore placed on record dur
ing the past week.
The mortgages recorded numbered seventy
two and aggregated $'284,000. Among them
■ the following were the larger: " . '
By Rosalie Rosenberg to Hibernia Bank,
$00,000. for on» year at 0% per cent, on prop
erty on the south line Of Eddy street, 137:6
leet west Mason, east 'j:>, south 9-1:0, south
west 28:4, north 111:2; Ilibcrnia Bank to
Wilkelmma Meugel. $12,750, for' one • year at
<>'„ per cent, on property on the southeast line
01 Mission street. 140.03 southwest of Elev
enth, southwest 75. *on i heart 163.68, north-,
east 75, northwest 104.49; by the California
Title Insurance and Tru«t Company to Isaac J.
, and Babette Federlcln, $5500, for ; one year at
OJ_ per cent, on property ; on : the south line <
ot Oak street, 73 east of Ashbury (re- i
record, and on the. south line of Oak.
15tJ :3 east of Shrader, east 50 by south 137:0;
by the Hibernia Bank to John I Sabin $12,000
for one year at 1 per cent on property o.i the
north line of California, street, 110 east of ;
■Broderic'c, east 82:0 by north l.'S'J:?' ,; by the
same to Mary >!. and Addlson C. I'o-c-y (6GOO
lor one veer at <}•_ per cent on property on the
northeast corner of Jackson street and Cen
tral nvenue, east 81:2 by north 127:8*; by
the Ilumbcldt Bank to ■ John. J. and M»na X. ;
Luchsinger $1(5,000 to January .l9, lB9B, at 7
Tier cent on property on' the iioutn corner of
5 Mission and Tenth streets, southwest 14(»:G by
; southeast 102; by Jacob Du^enbery to Wolf
Bloom !*OOOO for four years at 6% per cent on
property on the north line of Golden Gate
avenue, 70 west of Lark in, west 33:9 by north
137 :(i. . • • • A .
The releases for the week numbered 42 and
were for a total of 12.427. Included among
them were the following: '■■ ■'. •' •.'■ . -:'■;>- , .
■From the Hiternia Bunk to Martin Fruichs,
$13,000,! on property in Hornet's Addition,
• block 197, on the northwest corner of Ei?h
, teen: h and Castro, west 125 s; by / north i 104;
/ from D. Van Ness to;Cathnna'Himmelm»un,
j $22,000, on 'property; in 50-vara block: 105,
ion the northwest corner of Bush;' and Powell.
. ! north GO, wp^t CO, north 2tf, inst 00, north
57:6. west 137:0," south 77 :G, east GO, south 60,
cast 77:6; from Francis , J. ,. Berry ' to John :_\
Bernard, >. $0000, on .. property . in f 100 : vara
block. 384, on- the northeast line sof Oak
GroveaYenue, 150 southeastof Harrison, south
east 75 by northeast 112; from the Hlbemia
Bank to Ella J. Yates, $SOOO on property in
Western Addition b10ck 422, on the north line
of Pacific* avenue, GO west of Pierce, west 30 by
north 127:8 l -4; from the German Bank to Max
l)n vis, $12,000 on property in Western Addi
| tion block 120, on the north line of Pacific
I avenue. 105 west of Franklin, west 34 by north
! 127:10}^; from the Hihernla Benk io (har
] lotte iuiu Samuel Drew. $5000 on property in
Western Addition Mock 432, on the east lin»
of Scott street, 82:6 south of Eddy, south 55
by oast 137 :U; from the German Bank to Fred
C. and Maggie Hcnsler, .*T)2OOon properly on
the south line of McAllister street. 125 west
of Parker nvenue, west 25, south 90:5, east 25,
north 97:5; from the came to John J. Dowling,
$3000 on property in Western Addition block
! 3liO.
Two fiftv-vara lots at the southeast corner of
Pierce and Lombard streets, fronting 275 feet
on Pierce street, running through to Chestnut,
have been sold for $4(>OO.
The land is at present occupied as a Chinese
vefjetfible-gardcn. and is about twenty feet be
low the grade.
The annual meeting of the Pacific Loan As
sociation will be held on next Wednesday, De
cember 2, at 214 Pine street.
A thre<--story building to cost $50,000 is to
be erected on Post street, near Mason. Plans
are now being prepared by Architect Lyons.
The nuction advertised to be held by Easton,
E.dridge <fc Co. on last Tuesday did not take
place, on account of the threatening weather,
but will come off to-morrow at the flrmV sales
room, at U3S Market street, at noon, when a
number ot choice subdivisions of improved
and unimproved property wttl be offered at
public sale.
G. 11. Umbsen & Co. will sell at auction on
December 7, the property of the estate of Cyn
thian A. Jaquith, hi the northwest corner of
Waller nnd Devisadero streets', comprising a
lot 40x100 feet, with a two-story residence
! then.'ou of nine rooms and bath.
Chenery street from Randall to Castro has
been bfidly damaged by the recent storm. The
sewer has caved in, making a deep trench in
several places.
A contract has been let for the grading of
i Thirteenth avenue from H street to I. A sewer
) is shortly to be put in J street trom Eighth to
I Thirteenth avenue.
curbing is being laid along the line of II
I street from Tenth to Twelfth avenue. The
! sale of the property at the southwest corner
I of I street and Ninth avenue, 100x120 feet, has
! been reported, but the price has not yet been
| mnde known.
Charles A. King and F. A. McNally have
formed a partnership under tne name of
King it McNally and have located a real estate
I office at 030 Market street. Mr. King has lor
| many years been prominently identified in
the real estate business in this City and Mr.
! McNally until recently was a member of the
lirni of "Tobin & McNally, real estate gents.
For the purpose of formulating a Ulan to se
cure better pavements on a few of the down
town streets, the Merchants' Association has
called a meeting of property-owners on Post
street, irom Montgomery to Stockton; Geary
street, from Kearny to Powell, end Stockton
street, from Market to Suiter. The meeting
will be held on Wednesday afternoon at 3
o'clock, in the assembly-room of the Mills
building.
Property-owners on Seventeenth street are
ngain discussing the advisability of extending
that thoroughfare from Uranus street west to
the park, wnich will give the Mir. si on district
a direct outiet to Ashbury Heights and the
park. The street is now blocked at Uranus
street by a bluff some fifty feet in height.
Several of the legislators have been inter
viewed by the property-owners in reference io
the proposed extension, nnd there wiil prob
ably be a biil introduced at Sacramento at the
next meeting authorizing the City to form an
assessment aistnet to extend the street.
There wiil be a meeting of the airectors and
members of the Pacific Union Club this even
ing to ratify the purchase of the property at
the northeast corner of Bush street and "Van
Ness avenue. Subscriptions for the bonds,
amounting to $250,000, to pay for the lot and
building are said tv have been raised. The
club's lease of its present quarters at Post and
Stockton streets will expire in about four
months, but it is likely the rooms can be re
tained until the new home is completed.
The action of the Supervisors in allowing
cobblestones to be replaced with basalt blocks
and bitumen, the City to stand half the ex
pense and the proDeTiy-owners the other half,
should have the effect of better pavements on
many of the City's btreets which are at pres
ent a disgrace.
There will be a meeting next Thursday
evening of property-owners and merchants
ulong ihe line of Fillmore street, between Sut
ler and Washington, for the xmrpose of
forming a permanent organization to be
known as the Fillmore-street) Improvement
Club. The moving spirits in the formation
of the club are determined that Fiilmore street
shall be one of the most attractive and bril
liantly lighted thoroughfares In the Western
| Addition.
Tne time for paying the first installment of
I tuxes expires to-day at ti p. v.. and to-morrow
115 per cent will be added to the amount. On
, the 4th of next January the next installment
i will become due and payable, and if not paid
] by April 20 a penalty of 5 per cent will be
i added. If the first installment will become
due and payable 5 per cent will be added to
the previously imposed fine of 15 per cent.
All of the taxes may be paid at once at the
time of the first payment.
Persons who have paid personal property
taxes at the rate charged last year will have
the difference between this and last year's rate
refunded to them.
The Panhandle Imprdvement club will hold
its annual meeting to-morrow evening at the
■ Columbia Cyclery Hall on Page street near
: Stuuyau. During the pßst year this club has
j done much toward advancing the interest of
I property matters south of the Parlc and west of
: Baker street, ana to the untiring efforts of its
president, C. I). Salrieid, is due niucn of the
: progress made in improvement* brought
I about by the club. To this gentleman the
! property-owners in the district have much to
| be thankful for, and in recognition for his ser
i vices will probably so express themselves At
i to-morrow's meeting.
The club has petitioned the Supervisors to
j have Haight and Page streets, from Baker to
I Stanyan, curbed, and also to have sidewalks
j laid.
The club is anxious to have the unsightly
| fence which surrounds the railroad depot at
| Sianyan and Haight streets removed, and have
: already petitioned the Board of Supervisors to
; order it taken down.
SOME RECENT SALES.
Will E. Fisher & Co. report the following re
cent saiei: Lot 25x120 and improvements, on
! Fourth avenue, between Point Lobes avenue
; and Clement street, IO Thomas Fur man, for
$2425: lot 50x110 and improvements, on the
] east line of Blake street, 100 feet north of
• Geary, lor $2200, to Anton Anderson; lot on
! the north line ot Geary street, 33 feet east of
j Blake, 25x100, lor $1250; lot 25x120, on the
! east lint- oi Second avenue, sou;h <f element
I sireer, to Joseph Good man. for Jttjjo; lot 25 x
i 137 :ti, on the north line of Fe.il street, between
j Ashbury and Clayton, to Mrs. General Bam
berger, »or $3500. The same firm alsc reports
considerable inquiry for loans, having made
I several tor private individua.s during the
I week at 7 per cent, the money in mo«t m
■ fctaneos neing used to improve vacant land.
A. M. Speck & Co. hay made several recent
! sales »:f Mission and Western Addition prop
, erties. The class of realty this linn reports
,' largely in demand at the present time is largo
| dwellings and good-paying flats ana retail
, bnxiDeaa property. The sMme firm has just
I completed the lease of a 3li-rooiu apartment
I house, at 522 I'olk b ret"., lor one year, at a
I total rental oislo2o, to W. Stevens.
AT THE PLAY.
I 'What the Programme s of the Theaters
Announce to the I'atrons for
Thin Kvening.
To-night Wilton Lackaye and Marie Wain
wrightareto make their appenrance at the
I Baldwin in a new play called "Dr. Belgraff,"
in which Lackaye will assume the titular
' ro,'e. It is a play In whicn hypnotism is an
important factor ana science will cut quite a
figure.
At the Columbia the new attraction will be
"The New South," In whirh Joe Grisraer and
Pha-be Davies, in the leadiug characters, will
give a picture of the South of to-day. These
players are supported by a strong company
and there will be presented many realistic
scenes.
There Is nothing so attractive sis that which
attracts, and as "The End of the Century" has
proved most attractive at the Alcazar during
the past week it will be presented again to
nii;ht and every night durluir the week. It is
a nne society drama.
"The Midnight Alarm" that is to be put on
at Morosco's Opera house this evening is one
that is replete with sensational situations,
such as will gladden the heart of tne most
captious lover of the melodrama. There will
be some very tint stage esTeCta,
The management of the Tivoli Onera house
will offer "The Little Duke" this evenius, with
all the improvements that have been added
since Airaee first presented the opera in this
city. It is full oi ' catchy music and there are
meny bits of good acting.
There will be a rich bill at the Orpheum this
evening. One of the attractions will not be the
air ship, but another body of tne sir, Langs
low, the shooting s'.nr. Ellen Vetter, the mys
terious spiral globe artiste, is to appear, as is
also Stuart, "the male Paui."
Arion and Pirrl will appear in their wonder
ful performance at the Chutes to-night. The
other attractions are the skatirr; rink, the
ever enjoyable scenic railway, the slide down
into the lake, the merry-go-round and tne
haunted swing.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C H Tate &w, St Louis E J Hockelberg. N T
DrJW Freeman, S D -TJ Mossey &. w, . b Jose
Miss I) Fox. M V - * ST Kinir. X V -
II Chelvero, N V- .' Miss I. Shaw, NY
Miss J Bernard, NY G Leffler. N,Y .'
J J Uichsiuger. Vallejo 2* 6 Wright, Crockett
C II Smith, Oakland Mrs G M«tor ■• Nev
M Uran, NY M Stone, NY
.Miss Wynn, NY • ; W 8 Francis. NY
J Kulin, Plymouth C V Carmlchael, Chicago
•J J Campbell, Japan . li L Drew, Sa'i Jose :
BJ? Barker, Llvermore ■
r-' -new wester:?- HOTEL.
C R Randell. facto L W worthy, Albany
Jl' Betnnoll, Phlla AW B Albi, MY . .
F s KLsber, CSN .1 Titl. Berkeley
X B Channel!, Berkeley J Waddle, Sacto
J J lllfrerson, 8»clo ■ W .Mitchell, New Orleans
1" Curley, New Orleans 1* J Cunningham, Kw <>r
A X llaiisen. Bio Vista Col J X O'Brien, Losing
J s Jones. Los AQg H X P.trkson, Antioch
J P Mylar, Srcio . (i E .Miller, Sacto
L. X (Jo.li«lb, Los Ang «.» L, CurtU. Los Ans
J W Noonau, Los Ang J Weedeile. Scotland
O W Coward, B C AJ amberu Ohio
J L Jones. Cat ■■ • Miss Moemi, Petalama
Wlt Hook, Palermo 'LA Llnao, Palermo
G X Bummers, NY E E Wlllard & fam, N V
W A \\ iison & w, Cat ---..-
LICK HOUSE.
A 0 Lasaen, Alameda - ■ B W ." Moore, Stockton
L i ...1... !-»usa!ito M BlocK, Call!ornl»
L M Ludorice, California J R White, Fresno
O H Jordan, Pasadena T C White, Belmont
JII Payne, New York ■ \V McKlnlay, Nev City
A D Rickey, Phlla - ■ *I) Nicol, Btocictoo
J R Brouchton. Modesto G Nuiinvmaker, Cat
«. C Oroezlnger & w, Cal J R Garratt, Willows
W V stringer, Comptonv J McMu!len, Fresno
T Kirctit iff, ist Helena X 8 Bruner, California
D Hirschfeid,Biker»field I> It Oliver, bonora
O A Hale, Sun Jose I)r J R Curnon, San Jose
J >' Burch, Tularc J W Wilson, Sacio
0 J Clemens, Washington E Porter, Brutliy
W P Steams, San Jose M S Fisher, >ncto :
J IMJardt-n, Madera - T P Sexton, Oakland
J R Johusun, Oakland
-' PALACE HOTEL.
A\V Maltby, Chicago ML Boyer. Pa
It Buffelmyer, Ky Mrs X urabe. N A'
A Katteuback. NY- R J Parker. Boston
A V Kemsden, Berkeley J Boyd, Stanford
J A Chuiulor, 1.03 Ang JL, Uer\lns, Keno
H U KawH, Japan M Onodern, Japan
X H >: oil us, l»enver J H Poole, l>enver
U B Hobbina. Chicago V Carroll, N V
J Goldman, Mexico J C iJeatty A W, Cal
Liaknta, Tokio li A Scott & w, Si Y."
W X spruce A w," NY MM Potter, Los Anj?
T Couch. Mom J >amHoii, .-liuti .h.u
A Sbefneld, Shanghai H Goodwin, Kobe
I 11 H Noyes. Japan R \V lrwin, Yokohama
Miss Irwl.-i, Japan)} Mrs Irwiu, Yokonaina
X X Smith, w&d, ix V AC k ye r, Formosa
E J Houle, London 1* "helm. fl V
■I Jones, Shanghai ! M I Neswunde, China
J Stemmed: w, N V O Buddisber. China
Mrs W Welchmaa.Enir II D Humphreys, 11l
GRAND . HOTEL.
M J Silmlne. Cal M La Cornsisor, Cal
T Forssett; Vallfjo W Martin, Cal
M B Miedt-n, Nlles 11 Fower, Los Angeles
Mist .1 f.cKson. Los Ang D T Cole. Cal
C Hodt-ers, Coos Bay it Malnhari, Grass Valley
T R Jones, SrclO J S Allen, Chicago
M O Williams, colo H Huntley, Yuma
li Peterson, Yurua lompkin.l, Mass
ii W Rue, Chicago C B Oetrick, Cbictgo
C\V Lungun, > hicaso J Dudley, Chicago -
Miss >uiton, Los An< . Miss I Fulton, Los Ang
\V K'llogg, West Point Mrs Smith. San Jose
S Hortman, Merced >' Powers, Norfolk
J StrtDing, ? aata Rosa JO Wilson, Cat
I) Donahoe, Marysvllle J Donahoe Jr, Marys ville
J Readier, tacrainento' J Jtrown, Sulmiid
J Matthews, Sa ina-t J Ellison. Red Bluff
B Robinson, Red B tiff J Wolfskin. Los Angeles
CA i aim, Sacramento A W Campbeil. Cal .--■• ■
(> Van Hauten. l'orilnd L Ueriacb, .-(ockton
B W Lewis, Stockton A smulitield, Stockton
s Kitchener, Stockton W Ambrose, Lockford
O M Foote, Uollister
BUSS HOUSE.
L E Vlckers. Red Bluff C H Murero, Berkeley
¥ X bbort. Palo Alto C T Columbett, Cal .
G A Oyster, Cbl L Oyster, cal
C U nmlih, Alameda " T Stone, Berkeley
\V MnlliKiin. Golden Gate J A (.111. San Diego
.! CbllburK. Oregon W II Knox, Mo
II Brown, Stoc«.ion J Brown, Mock! on '
¥ E Turrell. Stockton « Tay.or, Petatuma'
.1 O L Qiiincv, Cal ■ J X Reid & w, Nev
J Lords, tan Jose O II Fairbanks, Tomales
Mrs W X Fairbanks, Cal Miss E K»irli;uiks, k.hl
R B McPherson. Plesantn KSS Wcrtr. N V -
A C Kur. 7. Chicago F M Graham, Pac Grove
J I) Wadswcr.h, S Rosa P Bacon, El Paso
1' V\ Thompson, Likeprt E 1) Ham & w. Napa
J MeKlnney. Idaho Mrs M Carter. Cullstoga
H \V Martins. Cul . 11 l> Bowman &w, Car
R Aver*, Modesto M Stone, ltedwoj.l
C) Conner, Redwood Mrs Boyle, Kureka
F H Peterson, Portland A L Peterson, B c
11 C Howard, Woodland E Howard, N V
J Q Ink .t w, st Helena J A lrvin, loi Angeles
Mrs J A lrvin, Lo« Angis R W Eagles it w, M r R R
Mrs Perkins <£ son, Ckiah C Bushnell.'Trenton ■
W p LeiKhton, Ohio D s«lngre, B rkeley
J E Williams, Stockton J WiUou, .-an Jose
X Hailing, .-an Jose
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
AI.AMKUA COUXTY. .
Martha V. Lynaeto William 1). and Addle G.
Mt-ctonald. lot on X Hie of West Fifth street,
103:3 W of Adeline, W £8 by N 101, being lot 5,
block 488, BrigKS tract, map -. Oaiclaud; .»lu.
Mary K. :-elzer to Thomas I. Mulouey, lot on II
line of Tweniy-tbird avenue. 100 XX from NX
Hue of Fast Seventeenth street, NE 60 by SB IHS,
teing portion of lot 2, b!cc:i J vision i.O
Associates' Tract, East 95.
' Oscar F. Sites to F. A. and Maty A. Pollard, lot
on N X corner of Pane avenue aud Watts street,
690 W from \V line of San Pablo avenue, X 6i), -N
125, W 80, 8 12^, to begipuiug, being portion
plat 6, Kancho V. and U. Perolta, Oakland Town
<Utp; 81U.
.N. B. Byrne to Simon Flschel and Jacob I'.aum,
lot on E line of Walnut mreet. 346 N of Ito-c, N
CO by E 135, rein/ lot 8, block 2*2, being portion
of Berkeley Vllta Tract, Berkeley; $100.
I- C. ana Miriam Morehouse to Helen M. Welt
stein, lot SIS. map of the Rose Tract, Brooklyn
Tow lp: $5.
' BoiilfaciiiK Haas to Anton E. Enos and Mary E.
Costa, lots 10 ana 12, map of Belllna Tract, Eden
Township: SIUSO.
Peter P. Castro to Jennie C. Connor, lot on KW
corner of War avenue and lands of R. s. Far
relly, thence 2s W 147 by SW 7a. being portion of
Knncho Ban Leandro, town of San Leandro, Eden
Township: 910.'..
' Pacific Improvement Company to Susanna
Prunty. lot 18, block £6, town of. Mies, Washing
to i Township: 9175.
Leslie D. and Maggie N. Coomb* to Jennie Jacobs
(wife of Aaron), lot. on E line of Harrison street.
1442 N Of Central avenue, N b'i by ii 150, being
a portion of lot 13, Alice Park Tract, subject to a
montage, Oakland; $10. '
Jonn W. hijil Fannie- M. Butler to Katharine >;.
nn'i Margaret 1 . Perine, lot on W line of Oatc
street. 70 V of Fifth, N 30 by \V 75, block I*B,
Oakland: $10. . * .
hdwar.l and Mary A. HackeU and Mack and
Xetete Webber to H. P. Merrill all interest In lot
on W line of Madison street, 100 N of Tlnrieentn
X 100 by W 160. being lots 12 to 18, block 196.
Oakland ; ' also block 28, brunded .by . X line of
Eleventh street. East Twelfth. second and Third
avenues, East Oakland: also lot on s line of Wejt
Fifth street, 67 E of Adeline, S 97:3, t. 187, N 87,
W 187 to beginning, Oakland; *10.
Ihomas W. and as attorney and Jane A. Badger
(by attorney) to Krslglla de Boots, lot on bE line
of Park way, IHi Nit of East Ninth street, NE 80
by SB CO, being lot '-6, block 11, «.llnton, l.ait
Oakland: $20.
Mary J. Moss, Jessie E. and Perry E. Anteon,
Lnln s. and William L. Taylor to Catnelia Young,
lot 13. book I. map of the Moss True, Brooklyn
Township: $10. - •
H. C. Mortis to Mr*. A. B. Hnntineton. lot on E
line of Walnut street, 220 X of Mountain View
avenue,' X 1 to, N 44: -, \ v 160, S 4&:1 to-besln
mug. belne lot 1, block 9, Warner Tract, Brook
lyn Township; *10.
James Kerwan to 11. 11. I inney, lot 38 and N
half lot 37, block (', Uelroae Station Tract, Brook
lyn 'township: $10.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market, street,, open, until 12 o'clock every
nl_nt in the year.
BRANCH^ OFFICRS— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay 7 open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcS9 Hayes street, open until 9:3o o'clock.
t' 713 I.arkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock. •
EW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, ope*
until 9 o'clock.
£618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
136 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
KiOTICJS OM MJiJiTINGS.-
Ct_^=» GOLDEN GATE COMMaNDKRY - _c.
u^- 5 ' No. 16.Knights Templar— The
and members aie hereby reqiie.te<:. to us- ftS
spm>)r ct their a<ylum, * 029 Slitter su.'JSF -
IUK-iDAY, nt 11*90 a. m., to atti-nd the ▼
funeral service of cur late ir.\t?r, PAUL BREON,
at Masonic Temple, 12 if '
CHARLES. H. MURPHY, Commander.
William T. Fonda, Recorder.
KS> KINO SO^OJIU.N'S LODGK No. ft.
Bt^C. 260. F. and A. M.. corner Geary anil JPjl
Steiner Called meeting THIS iMii.V-tV
DAY) KVKMNGat 7:30 o'clock. mim/VN
degree. By oruer of the Master. . r
■■•■;■: HARRY BAEHK. Secretary
BKS^ SOUTH SANFRANOiSOO LODGE, m -
sF-*' No. 212. F. and A. M.. meets THIS /a
(MONDAY) KVKNINR.- November 30, Rt'tg'!_f
7:30 o'clock.- second dejree. By or.ler of rHy\
Hie Master. is., c. HAl'iE. Secretary.!
OCCIDKN'IAL LODGE No. 22. fIT~
lir— *^ P. and A. M— Called meeting : for /a
THIS (MO.VDAY)'EVKNING at-7:30 < K_f
o'clock. Third degree." By order of i'ic/v>
W. M. ■ ;..- EUW. F. DKL.iEIt, Sec .
It^S-" SAN FKANCISCO '■ CHAPTER' ft
.*»—^■■No. 1. Royal ' Arch • Masons, nieets A
THIS EVENING. R.A. drjreo. 'SSf
:./" ':;- 11. O. PRINC-. Secretary. /^A
SK_s»' ORIENTAL r«DGK NO. 141.. F. _».
»-- ? Mid A. M.— Oflicers: and t members __§%
:ti»- rei|iit-,ti d loa-.tend the funeral of .our 2?
late bio;her, PAUL BKEON, from .Klng/^^V
Solomon'»" Hall,- Masonic Temp c, TUESDAY,
Decetnoer 1, at 12 o'clock. Brethren acd 'friends
ere cordially Invited- ' '■■"■' '
- ■■■■'■■■:■' 'A. 9. HUB BARD. Secretary.
ar_~s» CALIFORNIA L(7D< No. ~
*-c/ I,], o. : o.,F.— Members ; arec^^^h&
requested to attend m<e Irtr. (impor- r
taut business) November 30. ; - -^ ? /»ii'K : >
■• - .'-.-■■. - A. W. WILLIAMS, N. G.">
■ •P. J. Wnxn, Rec. Secretary. "
tt_^» ST. ANDKEW'S j/AY~CjSLK- . c^J"
.■l£~ bratlon — Annual re-union : and 3Vi fMuu
banqun, sat I the t Palace Hotel TH IS NkVx**
(MONDAY). I.VKNING. Insta'latiou t %'^=_s% .'
at 7 p. m.: i banquet.; 7:30 prom-);iv. '". Double
tickets. «5: single.' 3; extra Indies. $.'. • ;.'
I W. c. COOK, tec. A ANDRKW WILKIE, Pres. •
. . m l -. ,HK -
'—■I MEE TiyG yOTICES-Contlnued. ".'.
ANNUAL MEETnVG—THE REGULAR
ZrT * ar ;\\ Hl meeting of the stockholders of the
Mutnai Electric Ligh: '. Company will jbe j held
at tha c oHl< of the company, 617 j Howard
?i 4* _J 1 FratiCls co. California, on MONDAY.
iT. e -Ji i , >; of - December, 1896. at the hour of
1U:3O o clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a j
board or directors to Hervu for the ensuing year I
aid the transaction of such other business as ma.-
come before the meetine. ,'i ran«fer-to"ks will
close ou Thursday, December 3. 1896. at 3 o'clock
*•• M - -. JAMKS FISHKR, Secretary. v :v
MAsO.nIC . HALL . ASSOCIATION — .
■■p 8 " stockholders' ". meeting. : Notice is hereby
given that j the annual ■ meeting of : the . stock-
holders of . the :. Masonic Holt . Association : of
the City of San . Francisco, for the elec-
tion of, nine trustees and a treasurer, will be
held in the Masouic Temple, in the city of .Pan
Francisco, on MONDAY, the 7th clay of Decem-
ber. 1896. Polls will be open from 12 m. until 3
P- M- ■■■-•. GEO. JOHNSON. Secretary. .
hPECIAL NOTICES. -
f*s«» GAS HXI'UKhs ~M~A7^^icji~oltDii£';
• »— * cheapest place In the city. H. llUi'-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
R3S» BAD TKNANTS , iTjKCI KD FOR $4:
~-*^ rollectlons made, cily or country, Paciflo
< oll«>r:)on Co.. 415 Montg-.- *'.. room B. Tp'. 6581).
SITUATIONS \VA_ST_:_>— FKHALG.
WEDISH GIRL WISHES- SITU ATION TO
assist with housework: wages $12 to $15. Ap-
ply to MRS. lIIRD. 721 Ellis st.
MI DDLK-AGKD -WKDISHWOMAN; FlRST-
class cook and housework err city or country;
reference. MRS. NORTON. 315 Suiter st.
LMR*T-CLASS GERMAN COOK DtiSIRKS
A situation: 3 years last place; city or country.
M ISS CUi.LEN, 323 Suiter St. '
/ 'tKMv.N EMPLOYMENT oFFICK. 306 MA-
VJ son st , furnishes best help of all nationalities.
VpEACHKK HOLDING A LIFK DIPLOMA
X w-nts . position . us governess in American fam-
ily, or a position as >ale-lady. ;Addresi or app.y
ups'.alrs, 1401 D»-vlsaqero st. ':' '
SITUATION WANTJiD TO DO OKNERAL
housework in small family t-y elderly woman;
is a good cook: wages $10 per month. Please call
or address Keiiqb'e, 350 Minna st., near Filth.
RKSSMAKKR,' >IRST - CLASS KKFKR-
ences. wishes work in families by the day;
terms *1 60. perfect fitter: formerly with Cit/ of
Paris, Call or address l*>osi/2 Devisadero St.
OMAN WANTS PLACK FOR G_NK«AL
,'» housework: good washer and Ironer: clt»- or
country; U a good cook; wages $10 to $12. 460
Clementina su
GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
f indies' maid or nurse: reference from German
nobility. 738 Central aye., east of Webster St.,
Alameda. . .' j?.i .-
t PJCTENT PERSON WISHES POSITION
\J 03 housekeeper or seamstress; can do any
kind of work thoroughly; understands dressmak-
lug. 3 Eddy st.
STr.ADY COMPETENT WOMAN (PROlKS-
tant) wishes a situation to no general house-
work. Please call or address 1018 Howard at., top
floor. . \
COMPETENT -NLKSK W~iSIH-S KNGAGF-
nients by the day or week: no objection to us-
sist with houiework: -good Terence. Address
353V 3 Mlunasu, bet. Fourth and >lfth.
/ MJ.M Phi BUT ENGLISH COOK-IS good i
v^ baker, nice laundress; work In city or conn- ■
try: middle-aged;, wages « 15 to $20 per month. I
1024 Howard St., room 10. |
/ ' ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK. WASH- :
VJ ing, ironing or cleaning, by the day. GIN ft- I
BERG. 421 r ounn »t., room 14.'. j.<-
\\r« MAN WISHES SITUATION who i n-
" derstands cooking and housework: $10; cl.y
or country. 624 Washii.gton st.. near Powell.
WA N SKWING OF ANY KIND: GKN-
tlemen's mending, etc.; children's wort a
specialty. . Address it. B , dux 3, Call o filce.
RKSPKCTARLK WOMAN WISHES WASH-
XV ing to ta_e home, and gentlemen's flannels
with all conveniences.. ' 1590 Fnteenih s'.
I Eat young girl wishes a situation
I to do Housework and p. am cco-lng. Address
980 Montgomery st.
pOJIPJCI X N'T WOMAN WANTS WOnK BY I
VJ the day, week or month, or would ta.e nome j
washing. 1213 Bush St., near Hyde,
pOLORED" GIRL" WANTS DAY'S WORK; I
\J city or Oakland: windows, chaniberwork. c.
X., box 143, tula office.
\A' A.V TKD— POSITION TO DO LIGHTHOUSE- !
'» work and cocking by a thorough, neat a.id ,
reliable elderly woman In a small respectable fam-
ily. E. W., box 125, Call Office
"\*"uU.\G uWEIiISH t.11'.1, WANT . PLACK TO i
X do hoi<S€ work and plain cook ng. Call _12i,_
LanKton st. eft seventh. nearßryanu i
y I}l/A.\-I.NAVIA.\ i.JRLs ANT HITUA- ]
— •' lions, one as cook and one to do housework. '
11:^a >lorld- ht., near T»ve_ty-fourth.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN WlallKS A SlTUA-
tlon as cock or working housekeeper; on a
ranch preferred. Address N., 22S Fourth su. City. j
Gf.RMAN GIRL WISHES POSITION _ITO i
Help in kitchen In hotel or boarding-house; >
will work on dairy." 677Vj Mission st.
AfTKKN LADY -Ot BKFINr.MKNT, !
ml.dlc-aged, desires position 01 trus:. man-
aging housekeeper, compau.ou- 10 invalid or any
place of trust. Add. MRS. -LKNO, lQ3t> Marker
V*' IDOW, WITH (>IK_ 11 YEARS, WISHES I
'• situation us houseKeeper in ' city or country;
references required. Addr.ss Y. W.", box 47, Call.
URESSM A X V. R, FIRSV CLAM^, WOULD
like engagements by tne day; city or country
716 t.arkiii3i. ■ ,
EXPECTABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES
t .situation do light housework; home more tnuu
wages. The fc-rvuigiou, 418 Kilts st. . r00m 45. ,
\ ur.\»; WOMAN WISHES -POSITION as
X ueomstresi, lady's maid or ta-e core of chil-
dren. Address 7-7 Bush su '
\TiiAl 1 SWKuISH GIRL WANTS A SIIIJA-
XI tionto do ligni .nps. airs work and sewing;
first-class wuitn ss, or to take care of a cntid.
i'leii.se call lOOli: -»liln,a St.
YOUNG WOMAN WoULD work, half a
day every clay In'louging-houae in exchange
for 2 liouseiteepuig rooms. Address B. M.. Lox
139, Call. . ,:-..-,
VIKjK WISHES POSITION; THOROUGHLY
X> understands car* of children or Infant; refer-
ences. Nurse, box 135, Call Office.
TV] UR3K PATIKNT; MALK OR FK-
Xl ni-le; menial or physical; good reiereuce.
163 Ninth st.
IJESPECTABLK GERMAN • GIRL WANTS
-It position to take care if ■ 1 child; cUyorcoiin-
try. .Apply 3370 Twenty-third '.aU. near Valencia.
RESPECTABLE WOMAN, WITH A CHILD. !
wishes work as housekeeper for • a widower;
country | referred. Apply 3ti2l Eighteenth SU
\\r ANTED—SITUATION BY AN AMERICAN i
• ' wldo* at houseKeeper In a widower s lain! y. ;
Addreas M. C. H., 515 KUht.li St., Oakland.
ITUATION WANTKD 8Y ... WOMAN AS I
P dishwasher In restaurant. Apply 215 Polk su I
VOUMi WIDOW. RKCKNTL Y FROM T)li: !
X East, desues a position as housekeeper for
bachelor or widower; fond of chili.re.ii. Room J,
1007 ...arket at,
XI'KRIKNCKD NURSE Wl.-.Jl>.a TO -GO
out by wee* or month. Add. Nurs», box
130, Call ollice.
L' U K c v WIDOW OF 35. RECENTLY AX-
X rived, wishes situation for general housework.
6£7llroadway.
\\i I DOW OF Js.XPK.KIKN UK DEsiRKS PLACC
"to take care oi residence: no objection to chi.- '
dren. b6sy_ Market st.'. room 18. j
T ADV WOULD HKKSITUATION A.^HoUSK- I
XJ keeper: city or country. Apply 117 Eddy, r. 1.
\\l INCtiKai Ki. HOUoK. 44 THIRD SI.. NX
II Mnrlcet: -00 looms: :25c to $1 60 per night;
!1 CO totS per week: convenient and respeciatrt*;
tree bus and baggage to and trom the ierrv. :
SITUATION'S • WAXTKD-MALK.
AWAITINti SITUATIONS — COACHMAN, j
with best city references; butler, 2 years last I
place; rar.ener, understands procagatinz, carpet j
b*ds, etc.. at ANDRK's Employment Oflice, 315
Stoclcniii sL, telephone 1304.- -.■-•.-•-
Vl!iJk HODIKD YOUNG IRISHMAN. NKAT I
_ V. and steady, would like place to care for horses,'
carder), etc; coo. 1 cferences. R.T. WARD &CO.,
608 and 610 Clay st.
L-VIKK fi~ CO.. CHiNr.n_ AM) JAPA-
nese employment otlice. 17 -Webb su, below.
Kearny. nr. Cal.; tel. main 281. W.CYoUNG, mgr
/'HI N AND JAPANESE KM PLOY »l N T
\J oaice; best help. 41 4»,<_ O'Farrpll. Tel. X 420. I
pHISIiMK it JAPAN J-.^l'D. _U YKARS; i
V^help;tel.nialn 1997. ; BRADLEY ACO.; 640 Clay. !
JAPAN IN TKLLKitiNCK AGKNC V. A. 73, |
St. Ann's bldg., 6 Kddy s:. : tel. Main 6234. |
AN AND WIFE : WOULD LIKK A POSI- '■
-'1 lion on ranch: 'man thoroughly under_;a_ds I
farm work anil care of horses; both good cooks. . J. I
... box 1.3. this o-Jlce. .. : ■ ■ : ■".-■ |
\" <) I ' Ni i MAN ( A MKRICAN) WISHKsa PO- !
X gltiun where there is |no Sunday work; best of !
habilv and Ca'lioruia references: v I ling to stnrt :
with small wa^es. AUdress Y. A., box .106, Call. \
AKEK- (FORKMAN), Flltsf CLASS ON !
bread a"d rakes, wishes situation: city or conn-
try. . Call 19 . Z .- si., between Third and Fourth, '
bear Bryant. -' ■* - .■ ":":■'■ ; k .:."-"•-■ t
GOLORKD STJTn">\ ISIIKS KMPI.OYMKNT; i
\.i handy ;a; anvthiug. Address C. L , 973 How-
ard a_. near sixth. -- '. .■ . ; 't ■ .-:.- -_. ■: / :: . ,' j
MAN, AGED. 40. :.->COICH, WANTS PLACE;
i'l good cook nnd b k'-r: handy with lOON: $.0 i
month. F.K. M., box 7. C ill Otllce. Oakland. ;
IDDLK-AUKD GERMAN l»K-ilKKS WORK; I
imiidv at everything. \. Address 11. WICKS,
631 Sacramento su - '. . ,'.'". -..'^ ': V:'
KM • I > I.X '. STaTH>NaUY,-H;COMOTIV_, i
»ood machinist, do blacksmlthlng, plumbini', i
ere, wants any kind of work; moderate wages. j
N. iIAKKNBCR... 217 Second St. , room 11. ; v
' v artjcj — BY.:" COLORED YOUNG man, i
■'" work: can 01 on, take cure of horses, worK in
yard, .; In f fact a good ail-rounl hand: clean, neat, I
tluroiich. Address C. G.. oox 79. Call OtUce. :
Y"«NH : MARRIKD -i M AN, ,SO P.:-; 11, ; NOT
. A afraid of hard woric, desires 1 position in office I
or warehouse, or us salcjniHn, traveling or other-
wise; good references;; lias fair knowledge of a rug •
t rade. T. A.,^07 1 ■lanklin St., city. v , ■- „
"\-OUNO MAIIIUKP MAN WaNTS PERM A-
X rent employment; good . pcnm.'in: reliable and
noiem: reierences can be = given.".: Address C. R.
MATHER, 322 Tebama st * : •
SITUATIONS WANTKD-rontfnnnii.
FIHST-CLASS BARBKRs WANT STKAD V
■~ ' work; slnxiv or. together; both steady and
sober. .Address 2 8., box 135. Call.
■-, ■ I :■ sober; trustworthy, young
J- man wains : situation: aundtmunds care of
horses, garden ; good mliker: handy with p. umb-
er s and carpenter's tools; good references. Ad-
dress L. M., box 137, Call Othce.
Vf AN ;; AND " WIFE (EASTERN PEOPLE).
ifi private place: man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds; wife competent cook and
housekeeper or second work. Address A. v., box
«"• Ca:|. ' . : i!M__S_£9_■_BßSS
"\-l AN AND WIFE, MIDDLE- DANISH,
«•- no children, wish positions: woman to cook
and general housework: man able to do a 1 kinds
of work about place. Address O. P.. box 3, Call
Office, OaKland. .-"■ »- .*-•:
"(JITUA-lION W/STED BY A GERMAN.
kj nrst-class cook,' for private place or ranch; ref-
erences. p. KINO, >• 19 Broadway.
\\T A -SIT UATION IN GRuCKRY OR
f "liquor .store: wholesale preferred. Address
O. N., NewQoidttn Gate Hotel. Fourth St.
pOMPi-.TENT.MAN AND WIFE FOR LAUN-
vy dry-work; wife first-class on fancv-wor_: man
. V __ take any job in the laundry: wages moderate.
Address M. W..box 84. this onice.
SIT UA 1' lON WANTKD AS COACHMAN;
■J Swedish-; first-class horseman: understands
care of cows, Hardening, etc.; best references.
Ad< rpss c. X., box 8, Call Office, Oakland.
\\ r I^CHESTKR HOUSK. 44 THIRD. . KKAK
" Market— E!ec:rlo lights In very room: 20 J
.rooms; -.'so t» 1«o per ni~r»r : «i M to *0 par
J*^*K: li^<» \>i\% n-ft hmrii—g to rn-t 4 ro— ( iho ferry ■
ii..ii.ii..-. I, i.l.i- MAXT-IJ.
T A UNDRKSS, PRIV \Tlf~FAJiriLY7ll3o7~2"
-»- set-on girls. $20 and $25; 2 cooks. German
style, $25 acd *3 r. German or French cirl for
housewo-k, country. $30: coloied norse, $15, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
SWEDISH HOUSKWORK CTRL, 2 IN I'AJl-
ily, ?-0: cook, b ardlns-hou.se. .$25: 4 German
house_lrls.S.s to $20; niiddle-azrd woman. Ber-
keley, $12; German iitirse.lrl, 1 child. $12: numb»r
«'f girls, clt» and count wages $15 to $25. V.pi-ly
MRS. NORTON, 315 Sutler St. __£___:
EWISH GIRL FOR HOUSKWORK: S20";
nice family.' MAR UN'S. 749 Market St.
G; IRL FOX SMALL HOTKL, $15 AND ROOM;
waitress, $25. etc.; girl, kitchen work, country,
?2j and room: chambermaid and wait some, conn-
try. *I. and room: girl, Pine st., $15: Rirl. •■•'reen
St.. $15: girl, German cooking, *20: girl, Modesto,
Cal , $2 >. f*re advanced; girl, Fair Oaks, ?20;
girl, (Jough «15: girl, Gough si.. $-0; girl.
Washington s:., #15: girl. Hayes st.. $15; girl, so-
nora. Cal., $20 tos2s: ilrl. Washington si.. <2J;
girl. Eddy st., $20: 13 young girls, »8, *10 and $I-
per month, assist, etc. MARTIN'S, 749 Market.
1 > E FI N D WOMAN AMI CHILI) AS HOUSa-
J-t keeper; Sl2. MISS CULLEN. 323 Putter BU
COOK. $40; SECOND GIRL, $.5: NUKSK, $15:
12 housework (tins, city and country. $20 and
825: 8 youti" girls to assist, $10 to $15. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st . . . -
I" AUNDKKSS,~S3O. MISS CULLEN, 323
-I Sutler.
IRISH CATHOLIC HOUSEWORK GIRL, $20.
country. MISS CULLKN. 323 .> utter. .
OUSKWORK WOMAN, COUNTRY, ■'_- IN
family, $15; fare paid. MISs CULLEN, 323
Suiter. -J^ ,
\\T ANTKD-CASHIER. KKS'I'AUKANT, $15;
■' saleslady, $4 a week: girl who- understands
Jewish cooking,. *25: 2 oerman glr.n lor housc-
woric. $20; .German second an«t Wi-.shin^, *22 50,
and a great number of girls to till our pi aces.
LEON ANDRK. 315 Stockton st.
HAMBKKMAID AND. WAIT. country
. hotel, $'20: waitress, country betel, $20; wait-
ress, near city, $15; second glrli, $15 mil $20.
MURRAY A READY, leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
\\r AN I" ED— NEAT WOMAN AS COOK ON A
.*• nice farm short distance in the country; $20
per month; fare advanced. W. D. EWER & CO.,
«•-'« Clay st.
____________
IRL FOR UPaTAIP.S' WOKK, $20: WAIT-
"J ress. $26*. German cook, *.'5; nurse girl, $12;
8 girls for housework. MR-. _IRD. 721 Ellis r.t.
OUNG GIRL TO iAK.'. CARK. oJ? CHILD:
X daytime only. Call Monday morning, 26-6
Sacramento st. ;
\' » > U N G GIRL FOR GENERAL UOUSK-
X wcrk. : 136 Cumberland St., bet. Nineteenth
and Twentieth, near Dolores.'
V OUNG GIRL WOULD LIKK SITUATION
X for bouseworSc and plain cooking. Please call
at 142y 3 Clara st. . -
\\r ANTKD - GIRL WHO UNDERSTANDS
11 general housework: no woshi-g or cooking;
good home; vvagts $10 per month. 1315 O'Fnrreil,
Good COoK, QKKMAN. DAMSU OR scan-
dinivian. Apply oct. lv and 2, 517 Deviaa-
dero St., near Hayes. • ...-■•
LSI. WAN I XI) TO ASSIST IS HvjUSK-
VJ work. . b27 Golden Gate aye.. npstalri.
\\r AN IKD — YOUNG GIRL FoR nOUSK-
»' work: wages $12. 620 Haight st. .
GOOD TAILO WANTED ON CUSTOM:
coat*. 1934 Mission st. .
kkma.\~olrl For general I^OUSK-
W work. $15. - 1803 Devisadero at., corner Bush.
V ' O .N G I LTO A KS I ST ■ W ITH G A L
housework. 610 Grove st. ■ .: .
\ OUNG GIRL TO > ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
i. work; references. 1-18b Eddy su
TTt NIS HERS ON CUSTOM COATS; ONE WHO
X I makes sot-d lattonho 172 Perry su
I ADIKS TO LK"aRN"SOMKT"H ING NEW IN
XJ art; can make goo! wages. 662 Howard st. ' '
A'OUNGNURSKGIKL; LIVE AT HO.Mii. ]_T4
X Eddy st., n«-ar Scott. •
\*; AN TKD— KAT GI Kb TO AS>lftT l.\ GKN-
"' crcl houseworK. . 216 DevlsaJero, • or. Page.
\<f ANTED— i. IRL TO ASSIST LIGHr HOUSE.
»» work. 2b2 Minna
\\; ANTED— FINISHER ON PANTS. 52 EL-
>' Us st. ■■- ■. . ■
VOUSU PROTESTANT GIRL, HOUSE-
X worn, wages $12 to $15. . 2:0 Fair Oaks su
YOU.NO GIRL TO DO P-A1.% COuKING AND
X tight housework. 436 Jersey st. "
VOUxi i WOMAN*. FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
-l work; wngoj $15. 411 Twenty-ninth st. ■
ANTKD— YoUN . GIRL FOR COOKING
II and housework. 41-3 Seventh st.
DRK>S.MAKKR TO SKW FOR ROOM AND
use of machine. W.. box 10. Call. " ;
\\r ANTKD-PUPILS FOR PRACTICAL MIL-
• * llnery school: lessons hi class or private;
ladle . fined for positions or business; satisfaction
guaranteed.' Removed irom 410 i-eavenworth st.
;to 22 V4 Geary |t., room 46. "..-.. -
SEWING~LESSONs~FRKE - NOW IS THK
time toentertbeMcDowellDre.ts-cuttlng School.
630 Market St., opposite Palace Hotel.
IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 210
Grove B*-. ;
IRL FOR GKNKRAL HOUSKWORK; 2 IN
family. 1427 Steiner st. : apply 9to 12.
MIGHT SCHOOL NOW OPKN. FLY NN'S
XI -cutting and Making School, 14 McAl.lstor
EARN j.REsSCLTTIAG AND FITTING
skirt patteriiB.2'>c McDOWELL's. o3ti Marke;
OSKPALK HOUSK. 321 ELLIS. NR. Ta V-
Xi lor— loo furnished rooms: 25c nWht: $1 week.
AIRDRKSSING, ; _6c ANl> 360: AFlKtl-
noon clauses; 10 lessons.' $1 50. ;124« Mission..
"ANTKD— MEN AND .WUMKN..TU 1-tAII.V
»" tarb»r trade: only. 6 weeks required: too!«
pi veil and catalogue beUL * ; — . !■'. +.. » u, .- School,
■ 1515 Howard v. ,  .\ , .
MO»1 CONVKNIKNT AND KK_i*KOTAß_is7
»'X Winchester House. 44 Third er.. near Marti*:.
LLiJ rooms; -be to $1 CO per nigh:; $1 60 10 $i
riv..^i-. •— « "ims and i-ap-n<»- lonnl from terr- :
3IALH ll£Lt' WANI'KD.
WANTKD — COOK. (iMNIKY RKSTAO-
-'< rant, $40 and found; cook. $10 a wef-k; wait-
er, plain restaurant. *>5; waiter, hotel, $26; Span-
Uh boy. to make beds. $W>; dishwasher, $16;
plowmen for vineyard. ij!-.'O a ■ month, etc. L.
ANDRK. 315 StocKton st.
VLL AROUND BAKER FOR INSTITUTION,
short distance in country. $30- and found.
JIURKAV- _• READY, .leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 day st. -
IjUTCUKH. -CITY Siljr,s3» AND FOUND;
_ larmer and wlf*, 30: waiter for sporting re-
sort. 3-JO: wlre-imll operators, $2 50 a day ; farm-
ers. e;c: choreman. , M URRRY A !cKAD"\ , Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 034 aud 636 Clay st.
U'AN'IKD — COACHMAN '■ <KNOLI»K '..- OR
" Swedish) for gentleman's place, short distance
In country. $'•!.*> and found; also farmers, nil kits.
laborers,- cooks, waiters and dishwashers. W. D
KWKK A CO., »-26 C'uy s;.
CUIOK FOR . FtW, PERSONS. $16, ROOM,
- etc.; cook, $7 a week: cook. $8 a we k; cook,
99 a w«ek; yr.uug man lor restaurant, $5 a week-
waiter, $6 a \ve?k. MARIIN'S. 749 Market st.
AKKR. "$4 5: CIIUiCK PLACi- MARTIN'S
749 Market st. - - ---■. - ,y .- .
OTEL PORTER; SKK PAR 1 V IN OFFICE
10 a. M." MARTIN'S. 749 Market St. ■ -- c
SROR'I-Oltl)KK COOK, $30; IHSITWASHER
O 1 6. Miss CULLEN; 323 Sutter st. '
Ul AXrKIT-VNDUs' rioits Man as i»art-
i.er In a first- la ss delicatessen and all kinds
of meal store, with 1 -\> capital: retiring par.ner
has two plates and cannot; a: tena lv imiii; in-
coming partner to take cnar^e of leceipts and
books, .ipply 505 Mi.»sion st. -- v : r"
U'ANTr.II- STr.ADY MAN FuR A PKRMA-
? »* iit-iit position: salary $73 per month:' rnim
devote his who c time tor lv 1 hours por day to t hi*
b »,um.i a.one; urns; have $150 cash. Apply 9x7.
Market su, 100 m 2. TtlTOTfi-ytSfifWßßßiß POtt— _Li-IM
Wanted— forv CO XT Y~ place, gar"
" dener and general ranchhand; small wages
durinz winter months; Reference required. D
tox 106. call Ofllce. ~ ; ; > ; ;
GOOD ? GOLD: AND -ILVISK KNGRAVKIt'
T Adtiress Gold, box 123, Call Ollice. ■
GOOD COOK WANTED AT. 1381 VALENCI\
st. : call early.
. ANTK D- A GENERAL ; TaILOR. COR"
.- ••.-'!• olden «.ato aye. a i.d Leaven or; 11 sis. - ,"
■\\T ANI'KD— DI>HWASH_;i_v a'V 1504 KE\"-
lucky sU/P»trero (Roiclr'g Mote ). v '■■>'
N'VA>SEKS ~ TOri W, S*io"\\T'AßliS. : 1"7
Puce st.: apply between 9 aim 10 o'c ock. ~
II\AN 1 __r,'l yJ Js rtil? W AUJia _»Uj% j^AiiOH
'»:«-»i««tcleric^. K.\t>X Collection A.ct.llo Sutt«ri
IV ANTED— SOO MEN TO-DAY, TO EAT B_sf
i_ii Be and 10c meals. Oia Economy, 410 Kearny.
JTKI.P TTANTED-ConMnnwl.
W"~A^nrrr^^VN~A^TT?E~^N^~TN^FETLr
gent young man as salesman and driver for a
wholesale liquor-house. Address S., box 115. Calf.
RING ITS YOUR IDEAS. HALL OF INVEJT-
rIj nous, 215- >ansome st., r. -12": parents pro-
cured, promoted and sold. :'■■: : . .
AHBKIIS- TWO CTT-VIRS FOR SALE JN
.L ) the Western Addition on account of departure,"
at a sacrifice: with chea:> rent: making a good liv-
ing. J., box 46, Call Ollice.
BARBERS-2-CIIAIK SHOP, CHEAPrMUST
X) be sold. 501 O'Farrell st.
ARIIKRS' 2-CHAIR SHOP. 1310 CASTRO
St., opposite car house. ■ .
IsiiWaSHMt, NEAT YoUNG MAN WHO
wishes to learn cooking, Restaurant," 2626
Twenty-fonith st. ' . -
OHAMCK FOR AN ACTIVE MAN OR WOMAN
\J to matte $50 a week for few months; Invest-
ment $10. 2i6 Ransome su, room 12.
OOM* PaPKREH, «2 50 UP: WHITENED.
■ SI up: stains or blemishes removed; painting
by day or contract; 1200 Webster, tel. steiuer^23s.
UAtlB-KV. I'xiO. _.OVI \ UNION iiAIPLO^-
■I > mem spcrecarv.: CONRAD TROKLL. 657Clar.
BARBERS— FOR KM PLOY MKNY CALL SEC
P. C. Barbers' Assn. s. FUCHs. 325 Grant aye.
JO URNKVMKN iiAßoKrtb' FLO 1 MlluS V
se—etary, H. BERNARD. 102 seventh st.
VUANIKD-MAN AND .WIFE; TH_ MAN TO
»» work In and understand raisin vineyard, wife
to cook for men: must have refereuces. Address
2.. box 100, Call.
VTi.w waluo house, 765 mission, bet.
Xi 3d anil 4th— single furnished rooms, night 15c
to soc, week $1 to 82 60; reading-mom; strictest at-
tention morning calls: clean: quiet; open all iilgot.
STYLISH AND DURABLE -CALF SHO-S
made loonier: $2 50. 959 Howaid, nr. sixth.
rOll FULL AND CLEAN 10c -- jiriAL OR
X coffee and cakes 5c go to 131,2 Grant aye.
EIAUIO HOl">K, 8631/2 MARKET ST.—
20c. 25c to 50c night; «1 to $2 weeK.
pECItUUS WANTED FOR THE UNITKi)
Xii Mates Marine Corps. United Stales Navy:
able-bodied unmarried men, between the ages or 21
and 30 years, who are citizens of the United states,
or those who have legally declared their intention
to become citizens;, must be of good character and
habits and able to speak, read and write KnglUa,
and between a feel a inches and 6 feet- in height.
or further information apply at the Recraitln_
OlHce. 20 Kills su. San Francisco, Cal.
Mr. A.-, ri.ALr-SiOLI.N-r." DOC.; LADIKS, 40c.:
don» while you w»lu 638 Market, opp. PaUca
Hotel; branch 767 Market, opp. Will _ Flnck's.S. t>'-
l\r A T D— LABORKKS AND MECHANICS
'•to know that Ed Kol-ln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150
large rooms: 25c per night: 91 10 $3 tier week.
: AN Tub— AN ID A : WHO CAN THINK OK
»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Wens; they may bring yon wealth. Wrlttj JOHN
WKDDERBURN _ Co.. DepU I Patent Attor-
neys, Washington. D. C. tor their $1800 pn*tj
offer and list of 200 inventions wanted.
\\T INCIIESTKR HOUSK, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
>> MarKet: 200 looms, 25c a night: reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
HOES! SHOES! SUOKS! NEW TO ORDKR:
any style, .*3 up; misfits and cast-off shoes
bought or exchanged; Jarg? stock of second-hanu
phoen: first-class repairing; woric ' guaranteed.
749 Mission St.. near Grand opera-house.
rpUE CHEAPEST AND LARGEST LODGING-
X uouse in town. Lindell House, «th and Howard.
KVT IN CITY— SINOLK ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1, 91 25, $1 50 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
1 JIBS to TAKK LODGING at lye. loc i
J. \J\J and 20c a night. including coffee ana roll*.
t'24 Washington st . near Kearny.
fIUtV ACM.K HoUSifi. Hal .MAKK-.T si., UK-
J. low Mlxtli. :or room: 25c a night: tl b w»«-c.
ANTED-SINULh, ROOMS, 15c A DAY; *1 j
week: rooms for 2. 25c a day. $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. . 36 Clay st.
SIMON wants 100 MaN To . iiET BO I- !
. lie b<-er or wine 6c ; best free lunch. 64SCIinr
DOOMS 15c TO 75cP*.R 600T05160
XV per week. Oriental. 225 Drumm st-
VT-.W GRAND. 246. THIRD— «<UN NY ROOJaS
— ' from $1 10 $3 per week: reading-room.
pOSKDAHi HOUSE. 821 ELLIS, NKAKTAY-
-It lor: 200 rooms; 25c night; reading-room.'
ANTED. YOUR _HOK6— WK KKPAIK'
shoe* up to 9 o'clock every night: those work-
Ing through the day can have their snoes repaired
at night while you wait: ladles' soling. 35c; men' 1 j
tollnr, 60c; fine shoes made to order trom 82 up:
we have a lot or shoes, been damaged by water, a:
l«>ss than one-fourth their value, from 25c up to
y.' '»(). :'.H2 Mission — bet. First s:. and S«»<-o-iil st
° AUI-NTS WA-M'iilj.
A (iENTS— A B^ioTr^nLXr^O^SE"LLS~XNT
publication si:. re Grant's book is "General
Miles' Personal Recollections": every one wants
the book written by the commander-in-chief of the
United Sta army: tirst agent's commission
$22 in 3 hours. K. PERSON, malinger subscrip-
tion department, The Whitaker & Ray Company,
723 Market st. ■
QOME 1 OOD 'IKKKITORY LKFT: S_KDS'
0 water-flliers: other novelties. BRICK & CO.,
777 Market St, • ■ ' --'—•> <■'
"Vro MAGAZINE OFFERS SUCH . LIBKRAL
— i inducements to azents as The Family Journal.
Write for particulars. 14 sansome St.. S. F. -
' ■ BOOMS "WAXTIiD. .- -- .
TLWfToS B sin.w ROOM^FCRMISHKO
for housekeeping; 5 minutes - from address.
Room 6, 420 Montgomery Bt. _,
ROOMS AND BOARDLNO WANTED.
Hi >AR i > AND ROOM FO K'LAI) V A N D N I N £
11 year-olil hoy. -MRS, m . box 123. this oflire.
IDIUi'ITUUK AM T JK I> .
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICKS FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURP.' 211 Larkln.
IGiIKR PRICiC IHAN ANYWHKKK PAID
by Indiana Auction C 0.1067 MarkPt.opp.Jone4
AMI PAID FOR K.\TIKK iiOU_u.S o.i
\J smaller - ion of furniture, carpets, tic. ■ J. •
P.OWCHKR. 222 '-lock on: 8»-n.1 posta'.
. M'ASTKD-MISCKLLAXEOI'S.
\\r ALL PA PKR, 4C A R^ILLr^A PeTThXnG^
* ' Ing, painting, etc., by contract or day's work,
at your own price: work must be bad. N. X
MKRIGAN. 1302 Webiter st.
Old gold and silver bought: jkwkl-
Q-, watches repaired. MUSI), 1133 V. Mission.
I>UILDINGS BOUGHT: LUiIBKR, sas^ks,
■IJ doora. mantels, etc., for sale. ■ 11C6 Mission su
SELL YOL'JI BOOKS, CLOTHiNU- AN JF.W-
elrv to A. KLEIN. lUtf Sixth Rt.: senrl |>ostt>L
LODGIXC^HOrSKS *OK SALE.
ti£»-RuoM c'oßiTK^Rntrou^^.7!T??Trrr?r!?^iooo |
— «U 12 rooms: fine sunny c0rner...'.......... 400
50 rooms, clcaiirg $.00; Inpayments .. 2500
i.*-roo in house; rooms all rented fOO
1 8 rooms: near Cl.y Hall: i.ew.. .:.'.......... 250 |
4 rooms on Foisora su. near Third 350 I
fcO-room bouse, clearing $500 4000 ■
66-room corner house, new furnl'.uie 8000
20 rooms, on 4th a., clearing $80. only 400
3» rooms on Market s .. offer wanted........ *50
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. <"■ PKCKKK. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
I>IUVATE -ODGING-IIOUSK; ON ACCOUNT
of two kinds of builness: price $-75. Inquire
403 i'acinc si., near r-ansome. ■
"X" M. J»PK_K <_ CO, CJ2 MARKKT ST. . "
--V.-14 rooms, rent $40. profits $60 $450
18 rooms, splendid corner h0u5e....... ........$550
'is looms, best on Geary street.'. ',:.'.. on payments.
 KFORK BUY I v<; Ok .SELLING A LODGING-
i-« bouse. s?e UNDKRWOOD d.CO.. 765 Market.
rOH SALK AT YOUB OWN' ICE— OFFER
1 wanted; :-SC-room house on Powell St.. near
Baldwin: '■nrjrain guaranteed; apply at once. I.
C. SCHAKFF. 20 Montgomery st.
ffij7X . LODGING-HOUSKS. ALL. PRICES;
•,'•'■ money loaned, low interest. II EL PS
& CO.. 917 Lar<ln si. - -. - - --....
LliNll L UK *Oli SALK.
KING FUKNITITRECO^TT-Ti^-I^IrATrKKT:
- furnish 4 rooms, ■f.B io»50: best bargains. '
IjUCKINGHAAI F CRN IT 11RE CO.— LOWEST
X> pncrs; tumitiire, carpets: u.i trades. 866 MUs' n
LM)K SALK— NICELY FURNISH KD FLAT OF
X - 6 rooms;, very cheap: 3 rooms pay rent: suit-
ahle ior dressmaker; $163. 514y_ Jones st.
(V-T-» 1 -. 1 ' i -' * 1 " 10 Jlu< »*« OfELKUANTFUR:
UtJt> nlture lor sale cheap.
A UC'II »N HOUSE, 827 MISSION ST.- ASH
chamber snlis, $13 60: folding-beds. 's 10. . f "
CUAS. M. I'LU-.t <te CO.. UPHOLst"kkV ih~
■,v\' taOIMAKKKI ST.! COR. NIN-?H.^ '
Carpets, Fmnltnra aud Upholstery Goons. -
A(){) CAUi>l i'l' n : CHAMBER SKiS. .Sl + -
sT.^M^^ffi.^^a;5 T.^M^^ffi.^^a;
T. L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH FOR
£V lowest prices on household goods: new or C oo 4
ps new ; ess i or on time; open evenings. "
■LIUKAITURK. STOVKS, CARPKT>. : COUN-
X ters. i.ho crises. A N D K R S( ) . 1121 M»rketsu
'. CAK__T CLKAMNO.
(Mi ■ SIKAM . ABPBT CI.KANI.M; WOKE«
v 5 ot * niv> , vt>B - luya carets. ?G. H. STEVENS,
M»r. 88 * nd 4! Kignih»r.; telephone South 250. .
(V" ' X '!S:CL X AN X U~AND RKNOVATKD
5J le V 1-KRGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth: teL
South Si. :. D. AIACKINTOSH <fe CO.; successor^
\y IIKN YOU, BECOMK DISGUSTED WITH
'» poor work send toSpAULDING's Pioneer Car-
pet-beating Workg, 353-57 Tehama 9t.; tel. Su- 4.).
ADVANCK CARPET-CLJ^ANING CO.. 40J
suiter, tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Trap. ■
T K IiA ;IIV - H h LL. OAKI'KT-VLEAM.NH CO.,
V » 240 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. ; Tel. Mis. 74.
G" ARPET-OLKANING. 3c; LAYING. 3c: RUG
y sample* free; lei. Jessie B44. Stratton, 198 th su,
( ) .\ X LI .\ • a UAKPKT- BEATING WORK-.
V^_-™3 Hoi don Gale Telephone East 126.
:•_ C A iAKD AT GRKA'i' WKsTKRN CAKPKT-
»■>. cleaning Work* l__lghth st. r --;■.. . •/.-■■ •■ .:
JONES & £ CO., MAIN OFFICK 25 AND 27
" Hgh;h st. Telephone J*-«s'i> 1061 -' ■- - : -
■* HI CYCLES. \f
\\T ANTED— TO .EXCHANGE: DIAMOND
• 'locket 'q exchange for bicycle. J l9 -Masons'..
PHSINI?""' f:HAyC'RS ;^J^-
©T^a"'7)'FflCE I ""BUSINESS; islloo ELE-
tJpr±O\J. gant office furniture goes with the
place; there is a! read,- $1500 Invested in the busi-
ness and this sacrifice is a chance of a lifetime, and
must be sold by the Ist: or will rent the business
as it Is: tbe owner must go East Immediately:
this place is worth four times the amount Hiked,
and will satisfy an v* one that the business is at
present clearing $150 to $200 per month above ail
expenses, and on investigation any one will find
this business just 'as represented:- th« balance,
$300. can remain in the business for long time: no
experience required, and the business Is suitable
for either a lady or gentleman;.? rent is cheap and
location the finest. For full particulars < see at
nnceT. LUBELSKI, the Business Broker, 7 City
Hollave. ■, .■-.. ;
®>A r,(\ STATIONERY, NEWS AND pic-
tJp'±OV/..ture-frame store; at a sacrifice: this
is a fine place for the money: part can remain on
the place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. '
S'JAA FINE SALOON, DOING A GOOD
«JP«jUv. business, with good fixtures; large
stock: pool-table; the location is fine and cheap
rent: It will pay you to investigate this flue buy.
T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye. " . ■
(2 7^7* COAL AND WOOD YARD; ALSO .
»_) I O\J. hay and grain; doing line business;
location the finest for any one wanting a business
of this kind: it will pay you to investigate this
place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ays.
<SltAl\{\ RESTAURANT THAT IS A BAR-
tP'r''U. gain; tho place is doing good and the
rent Is cheap: location the finest: the place muse
be sold at once; see it to-day. T. LUJJKLsKI, 7
City Hall aye. -
<J> 4C 1 k , SALOON AND FURNISHED
riDticH'.: rooms in connection; doing good busi-
ness and lo anon the finest, near water tiont;
this will Interest you if Investigated, as it actually
Is a bargain. T. LUBitLBKI. 7 City Hall aye. "
TEADY MAN AS PARTNKR IN LEGlT-
imaie business: clears from $60 to $73 per
month to each, and with help can t>e increased;
business ens learned: wni suit any on» wlilina
to . work - and - make himself useful; rapittii re-
quired $201! tos3o'J. Particulars G a.O. STEW A I.
602 Market St. __^ _
"u_"EnA ACTIVE! PARTNER WANTED IN
<!7tJV'v/. established cash business: no bonus, no
risk; $200 monthly assured. 216 Sansomp, r. 12.
If OK SALE AT A BARGAIN— GOOD PAVING
1 saloon at 208 Las: st. ; old established busi-
ness: price $20j. ' '
C» OAfk SALOON; FINK .Li ■■CATION;
£\J\J. cheap rent. 650 Sacramento st., near
Koarny. . - •
HOK-RKPAIRINO SHOP: CHEAP; CLEARS
i 25 per week. &4-1 Sixteenth, nfear Sanchez.
O R NER SALOON; GOOD BUSINESS. IN-"
I quire 31 Ninth st. ; will take partner.
GOOD DOWNTOWN BUSINESS FOR SALE.
722 llowarJ St. BMUWft-'i-';- ■ Jt^-
L, OR SAI._ — CORNER GROCKRY AND
• frultstore; splenald location: v.ith horse and
wagon; doing nice cash business: all new fix-
tures and a cho ; fresh atocic of groceries; will be
sold cheap or wll. exchange lor small ranch. Ca.l
at 2923 Twenty-second st., S. F.
r\ K_ATEs»TINVKN I lON l.\ OUR l'lili.->KXT
yj age— New cooking system which will revolu-
tionize the world: speculators With little money
may join me to organize stock company. lirnreJ ;;
patent secured: 50 per cent on the dollar guaran-
teed to investors. Call and see the new process
after •£ p. M., 124 O'Farrell St.
rT!O A PERSON OF MEANS, OK ONE WHO
X lias a son they desire to establish "In business,
an opportunity can be had with the undersigned la
a pleasant, safe riid paying -business: the best of
references furnished and the same- required. M.
If., box 118, Coll Office.
«J> 1 (\l\(\ DOWNTOWN SALOON; A NEAT
fU>J.\J\J\J. first-class place, having fine trade;
any saloon man desiring 10 secure a genuine
proposition should investigate this immediately.
Apply 410 Montgomery, room 2.
Althi OPPORTUNITY 75 PURCHASF.;
old-established furniture, carpet and under-
taking buslnes-t; clears over $3000 a year: stock
JtUO.OOO. GEO. L. BIKKMAIER, W-tlls-Fargo
Express Imll.iln -. " • ■ ; . "
T\I.MNG-ROOM TO KENT WITH BOA RDKRS;
•Ay rant token out with board; must be home-'
cookin?: party have little money. Apply P. H.
FELLEY. 921 Broadway. Oakland.
.Q» 17 r. BARGAIN: CONFECTIONERY,
«4P LIU. branch bakery an 1 soda fountain.
620V_ Ea« Twelfth st., bet. Twelfth and Thir-
teenin-aves.. East Oakland.
VV ILL SALARY AND _0 PEli CEN I PROFIT
• * satisfy you? Business established 8 years;
more help necessary; partner preferred, Address
W. S.. box 140, Cr.ll. - . •- ■
GOOD CUANC- FOR A RESTAURANT:
first-class oyster and chop house for sale: goo
location: proprietor is leaving city. 216 sixtn st.
IjVjR SALK— CIGAR-STORK AND 3 FUR-
nished rooms: laundry attached: trreal bar-
pain. Apply H. F. UEALY & CO., 23 Kearny st.
I ADY DESIRES PART-NEK IN AN EsT \B-
J-• ii-iheJ legitimate business; small capital re-
quired. T. X.. box 60. this oltlce. ■ - '. . '.'
AK_.KY, CANDY. NOTiONS, . CIGAR.-*,
Jaunlry; 5 sunny rooms; leaving city; "bar-
gain. 1151 Mission st.
■TJ ANDSOMELY~FITTED RESTAURANT
XX for sale: good paying business; price if 260.
20. Ellis . .
I^OR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR: NO OP-
Sj position; no agents. . Inquire at the Call Oflice.
El'Ußh BUYI.NG OR SELLING YOU R BUSl-
ness see UNDERWOOD & CO.. 765 Market su
XAMINER ROUTE IN OAKLAND FOR
XJ sale. Address W., box 9, Call Office, Oakland.
»> ROOMS. WELL, FUrtNISItED AND REN?
Ed, to sell cheap. 1 434 Turk st.
C_ A l\(\ FIXE FRUiTSIORiu ADDRtbS
rlp^tUU. M.. box 116, C-ll Office.
RUSTWORTHY MAN AS PARTNER IN
-L por:-c and sausage store; good living for small
Capital. 340 Fourth St.
K.-TAU RANT— HALF INTAKES T CHKAI"; ■'
established 15 years; remaining partner 7
years. 1241 Market.
"1 ODGING-HOUSE FOR SALK— 3O ROOMS;
J— I ail on one floor; nicely furnished: cood land-
lord. Inquiie proprietor. 776 Howard st.
I* ARGAIN — CORNER SALOON; SPLKND.Tji
I > location: fixtures; pool-table; stock. Inquire
45 Third st.
\tki > i\t\ SALOON: GOOD LOCALITY A VKR-
UUv. «ges Sl5 daily: » bargain. 42Spearst.
ll'-ksi ABLISHKD II O T l — CHKAP;
cause, sickness; rent .?H;>. Apply Call oflice.
T.IK OF GROCERIES FO ii SALE AND
store to let; cheap. >W. cor. Hyde and Pott.
TAR AND GARTER SALOON, 1 37 FIFTH
lO st., for sale; cheap; good bargain.
"L"!I>RSA_t— HOUSE OF II ROOMS, ALL OC
J cup'.ed; owner will : take half payment la
boar.i. Ac.ar>-s-i P. N.. box 21. this office. -
A LOON; BUSY COhNr.lt; DAIRY AT-
inched; doing good- business; poor health the
reason for sel.ing. Inquire 45 Third st.
3 ROOMS; SUITABLE FOP. A SALOON. 829
Howard st., between 1 ourth and Fifth. •«»■
/ 1 OOD INVKsTMtXT- FOR ISALK— FINK
"-1 paying business: heart of Oakland: Investors
with small capital look into this: part y leaving
town. C. F., box 9, Call Office, Oakland. '
CANDY, NOTIONS, , BAKERY; 2 LIVING-
J rooms; very reasonable. 1307 Bu: hanan st.
/ 'IGAR-StOKE: 2 11 V ING- ■: RENT
V $14; Invoice; slcicness. 1127 Mission st.
~* SNAP — RESTAURANT DOING GOOD
--X business; investigate; bargain. •45 Third st.
C-Vfifk SALO'iN AND FIXTURES, INCLUDE
*irO\J\J. ing lurnltnre of 8 rooms: r-nt low;
goo 1 bnslnes* : near Co.ma. PATTERSON <_
CO.. 2 Valencia sU .
■ r,>OTOUKAPII GALLERY. ESTABLISHED 10
X y*ais; good family location; 10,000 negative.;
good livln-.-rooms; $250. Aadress F. G. M., box
67, Call Offlee. •
A LOON WITH . CIGAR-STAND FOR SALE;
- account of sickness. 817 Kearny sU
voit sale— old-established poultry
X and produce stand In one of the best markets
in the state: owner going away. Apply aid
Washington st.. Oakland.
D^nni) BUSfNfCSS, PORTLAND, OR.:
rJ^IUV/v.'. -paying $ 175 per month: good chance
to increase. Inquire C. E. KAYLOR, room 8,
floor 8, Mills building.
"I HADING RESTAURANT In LEAI'ING
J- seaside resort of Pacific Coast: owner retiring
from business. Address S.,' box 1 38, Call cilice.
ll.' ANTED- PARTNER WITH $40,000 IN A
"' grocery and liquor house established . since
1863. Address A. V., box 39. Call OUlce. :
VEWSPAPERROCTK IN INTERIOR CITY.
l-\ close to Sbu FraiicUco. For particulars appl/
this ollico. •' '
I~>OUTK FOR SALK ACROSS lUX HA.V. ' I.S-
-t quire at Call o.ilce.
r OJli h.VLJi-JIIsCKI.LA>KOI.,S.
/Mi.MII.KTK SET TINNER'S TOOLS AT A
AJ bargain. ; WHITE, 616 Mi lion st.
IGH , ORAI »X '96 WHE_i. FOR SALE
cheap. 502^ Larkln su ■
/> kntLk SORREL, 6-YKAR-OLD MAKE;
VJ stands without tying;: lady can drive; $.0.
351 third St. , - - , .
I.AUGAINS— KLEGANT RATTAN CHAIUS,
Jj Rockers, BabyCarriages.ee., at cost; stain-
ing, enameling, gilding. PLIsK & Co.. 1140 Suiter.
rn"ilO ROUGH BRED, FR_*H, SOUND JERSEY
X cow, suitable lor family; 143 Uartlett st.
IGIIEST PRICK PAID GKNTfe' 2D HAND
clothing and dressei. FABIAN. 1020 Fo m.
BIV YOUR RATTAN CHAIRS. ROCKERS:
tables, stands, c.c , at the factor/ and save re- -
tallers profit; see our holiday goo .is: I it costs noth-
ing. California Rcttan Co..' bl First s'..,.nr. Mission
O BUILDINGS FOR~BALK. fcrBIjITEMOVKD*
-5 Apply to J. i-". HILLS. BIS Btoofcton s t. ; "'.
MATIONAL>CASH . REGISTER, GOOD- OR^
Xi der; go large folding-door safe. 8 Mission tt.
*) HOUSfcPOWER 0110 CAS : KiNHl«_- SEC~
+- ond-hand: In perfect or.ler; for sale cheap; can
ba seen running at 507 Market at. ; ■-■
i /COFFEE , MILL. WALKS, LETTER > PRFS«!
V' stand desK. money ti.i. safe; cheap. 102 Clay!
\\ ON ARCH BLUE : FLAMK HEATKRs A h ie"
M the besu W. S. RAY MFG. &X.M c",^ R
i. ARS, V SHOWCASES, COUNTERS. MHELV~
»>. ing, fie., i ought android. 1063 Mission. n- 7th
0^ &\^^&%ti£%3j™HOTTSF.S Tn r,F,T.
A -I I THIRTIETH. NKAR SANCHEZ- T\VO*-
J X 1 story; 6 rooms: largo yard: small barn; $15.
HOC Si-: OF ft BOOMS— CORNER TWENTY-
Iirst and Noe sts.
REDUCED FROM »35 TO «25. NICE SUNNY-
-8 rooms and bath. 5522 Fell st. SPECK & CV.
(IJj Iyj 11OU*SE7 I.OO.vTs AND BATH. 3432
X<J. Seventeenth, few steps from g alencia. .
Q; j A 26 .6 SUITER >T.. BET. BaKEK AND
'•'■ XT. lyon: cottage of 4 rooms: yard .
HoL'st- ; 7 ROOMS; STABLE.- APPLY 820%
Jessie St., off Ninth.
V" W; 2-->iORY: 3712 CLAY ST.; BEAUTI-
-l-i ful .marine view. Address DR. DAVIS
Marpbf- b.iiidinc. , ■ '
Ht'U-E : '»*' 8 KOOMS; BATH; HAMP-
ton pi., eft Folsoni st. bet. Second and hlrd.
IX J v JONES— BAY-WI xDOW HOUSE: 7
X O ! — rooms: improvement*: large basement;
3 urd: fine marine view; half block trom Jackson-
6t. cans. - 1 . ■ •
VQI U CALIKORNIA-8 ROOMS; BATH;
-"- 1 -" conservatory: hot air beaters; perfect
order.
TO LET— 37S SAN CARLOS AYE.: HOUSE
of 6 rcoms and bath; modern improvements;
nice garden; rent r a-onab:e.
Y E L L. 300— I ARQELOT, HOUSE O>' 8 ROOMS
X and bath. $35. MADISON & BURKE.
C-ROOM HOU~-K;»H; DRY AND WARM. 1655
0 Kearny st.. near Greenwich.
O9 A WHOLE HOUSK: 6 ROOMS, BATH.
<*i<— 1-814 Laguna 5... near Union.
* ;<.J OAK. NEAR MARKET— I 2 ROOMS, 3
— -«' floors, each separate lor housekeeping; newly
rapere.l: painted: sanitary plumbing: line loca-
tion for renting rooms: cheap rent-, go and nee it.
ULSJ-.S TO HE NT l'Ult VIiKV LITTLE
monpy at BALI/ WIN — HAMMOND'S, lv
>inn-,ri«ruerv et. -
COTTAUES iv _JBT.
UNNY 4-ROOMiCOT r TAGE; R^sT~fl^r"ll2s
Union st. ;'■■■'.- -^
CHEAP: 4 KOOMS: BATH AND STABLE.
Apply 26*3 By rant St.. near Twenty-fifth.
UNNY COTTAGES, 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH,
bnsement: stable., Dolores and 1 5th s:s.
OTTAUE OF 4 ROOMS, BATH AND TUBS
at -303 Polk st.
c-ROOM SUNNY COTTAGE; MODERN 1M-
D provements; chlcken-hoase: $16 50. 317 Clif-
ford St., near Castio. ......
"Oil (I COTTAGE IN TOWN. 3% TAY ST.,
I. off Clay, bet. Powell and Meson. ; .
pOTTAGE. 5 BOOMS, BATH. BASKMKNT
\J and stable; rent reasonable. 128 Fillmore st.
CEAN VIEW COTTAG r; 5 KOOMS: ACRE
of ground; adapter) 10 ch:c.;ea much, violet
farm or dairy; reasonable. WM. MURPHY.
<a»7 r,n AND $9 — COTTAG 3 and 4
<p I ,O\J rooms; good order-, water free. Apply
premises. 945 Bryant St., or UiIBSEN d: CO., 14
Montgomery st. «
OOTTAGt.; 4 KOOMS AND STABLE: 670
/ Walnut aye.; rent reasonable. MADISON &
BURKE. 626 Market st.
AKK YOL'R R- NT PAY FOU A NEW COT-
tage In the Mission: 4 rooms, bath, wood man-
tel: $100 cash, balance monthly. K. M. LONG,
5207 Twenty-second st.; oflice open evenings.
_I__x_ TO x,_.x.
ffl* I 7 UPPER FLATT~S~ROOMS~ANri
<p X 1 *O\J bath. 129 (Hive aye.. near Van Ness,
■VTICK4-ROOM FLAT. 11 EL WOOD ST., OFF
— .1 O'FarrelL near Mason.
CO I FLAT OF 4 KOOMS; BATH ' AND
'ipX'T. yarJ. fen Shotwell, near Fourteenth.
71 /• NATOMA — FLAT, 4 ROOMS, $10;
IX U water and ashes paid. : : y '..- - :
(&OX SUNNY, MODERN 5- KOOM FLAT,
0 — O. famished, with piano; Park Hilt, 2 Works
from Ha'Rhl-s . i ar.s. MARK LANE, Notary
Public. 602 M_r.:e. sL .
P./1X JONF.S-SUNNY FLAT OF 5 ROOMS;
O\JO first floor: rent reasonable. ■■ # -
d_ »J7j BtST cTTT AGE IN MISSION; 5
~\f. rooms, bath: yard. Key 711 Treat aye.
C BOWIE AYE., OFF ELEVENTH ST.— FLAT
0 of 3 rooms and ha.l: rent $8.
t]"PI'ER SUNNY MODERN FLAT; 7 ROOMS
1 and bath. 1158 Golden Gate aye., cor. Webster.
Q"| X FLAT: 4 NICK ROOMS; BATH. 1513
*33X O. Taylor, b»t. PiicitSe and Broadway/
QIC SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
• QIC, modern. 135 Fair Oaks, nr. Twenty-third.
C* 1 9 FLAT OF FIVE SUNNY ROOMS ND
O-1-- basement. 708 Birch aye., nr. Buchanan.
. C 1 X HAIGHT.— MODERN FLAT; JUST COM-
010 pleteJ; broom., b^th: light; sunny.
CA -; VALENCIA— FLAT 4 KOOMa; KENT
C'UI $14. Apply 583 Guerrero st. ■ ,
s_- 'ji 1 ELEGANT bUaV.N'Y TOP FLAT. 5
» •>''. Roms, 4 ay-windows; northeast corner
Broder.'ck and G.ove • - / . <:- ■'.■-■
J. OVELY FLAT, 151il/ 2 CASTRO ST.. NEAR
J T.x'iuy-litih: 4 rooms, bath aud gas; water
free i $13; ' - .
LOVELY KLAT. 3930 NINETEENTH ST., N R.
Nee; 6 rooms; bath and cas: water tree; 14.
099 li:07V« BUSH; FLAT ROOMS, BATH?
CT— •— «• tai: w«tierfree. Apply 1211b Bas'a si.
1 'I -_>■[ Ml.-sli-N, NR. "ELKVKNTH— AND
SOX 6 large sunny rooms: oata: laundry.
ODEBN 6/!i-O>l UPPER FLAT: BATH,
gas; $18. 1617 Grove st . .
Cji 9 FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH; HOT
•U>X— .. and cold water; gas. . 2408 Harriion St.,
bet. Twentieth and Twenty-hrst.
*)"■} PROSPER ST., OFF SIXTEENTH, Vi
— ■«» block from Market— Lovely sunny upper
modern 5-room flat; rent *15, water free.
UPPER FLATS ROOMS; RENT $10; WATER
yJ free. Apply 51b^ Geary st. _.
MICE FLAT; 3 ROOMS; SEPARATE YARD;
■!■> $10. 672 Bryant, near Fifth.
i-«IAT OF 3 BOOMS. 1* WHITE, BET. HYDE
J and Larkin. near Vallejo.
S 7O CLAYTON, S. OF FREDERICK— ELE-
O°l — gant new modern Bat; 5 rooms, bath; cheap.
A"I 7 OAK-UPPKR FLAT; 6 LARGiS -UN NY
0 X t rooms and bath: yard: cellar: reduced rent.
1 94.Q '-'LAY ST.— FOR SMALL FAMILY,
X^-.ttt/ lower part of house; dry and sunny.
LAT OF a ROOMS. 16 ANTONIA bT.. OFF
Jones, bet. Ellis and O'Farrel!.
LEGANT SUNNY TOP FLAT: 4 ROOMS,
bath: all latest improvements. Key 713 Grove.
„ QOUTHWEsT COX. FOLSOM AND THIK-
-0 teentti sts.— Two upper flats. 6 rooms aud bath;
1 cottage, 6 rooms and bath, and stab'e for 1 horse
and wagon; rent reasonable, Apply MADISON <fc
BURKE. 6-6 Market st. ;
T/iLATS-,4 AND 5 RE NT $10, *13 AND
J Sl3. 4595 Klghteentn st., near Hattie.
9] c GEA_RY — 4 UNFURNISED ROOMS
—XO suitable for business. Key at 217 Geary su
HEAP MODERN JrLATS, 6 AND 6 11OOM8,
VV $8 to $16: see them. 623 a Seventh st.
VLA la To ttJi.M' tuX VERY LITTLE
X money at BALDWIN a. HAMMOND*^ 10
—lontiron-.ery st.
;j -u_u_____a-p_ar«i liOOJls.
Brannan .Street.
A 99 BRANNAN-2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
_._. rooms: rent $6. - .
Capp Street.
riA CAPP — TWO SUNNY ROOMS; NICE
— -U kitchen and small bedroom furnished com-
plete. ..-_ -'..?•■ .- -
OAf\ CAPP— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
Oaf for housekeeping. '
Castro Street.
Af\£. CASTRO, REAR-2OR 3 NICE SUNNY
c i\JO unfurnished rooms: large yard 1 cheap.
i iiay>treeu ■. _ -;
mHS LEXINGTON, 212 EDDY — newly
1 fnrnlshed housekeeping rooms; also single and
suites. •■:,■..-.•■...'■ - ;'--.'■' a. - .-'■ 1- : ' : ■-
nd- EDDY— FRONT ROOM KOil
O\JO buusekeeplnir: private family; also single."
71 A EDDY— HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS; AL-
jit/ so furnished rooms: running water.
Eleventh Street. ". ~ '.
mA ELEVENTH-. NEWLY FURNISHED
connecting front parlors;, housekeeping;
$3 50 week. ''-.-- .: -
' Kilta Street.
QOO ELLIS ( PALMETTO ) — FURNISHED
• )_._. housekeeping rooms: also suites and alngle.
1 i.lh Street.'
1 (\1 FIFrH-PLKASANT SUNNY UNFUB-
i\) 1 nlshea rooms. ' ■ .' ■• ■
1 -« r l"TlF l H— i KuuMsFOR HOUsKKEEP.
X 4 0- in,-. $12: ahio sunny bay-window. .. '
9. A *•'< FT H — fB. SUNNY _r:DK«'OM,
0 i 4 itlichc. beta, water: no children: private.
»>k>r FIF. H— Cl-E N. HK>^HEl> HOU^E-
.;_,»J keeping; i. *10: 3. US; single. »5 :
. 4«AiX«;U ' 1- Jl V ..'-** *.l*Ud. ; _
(-■nn OO_X»-JS OATH AYE.— ELEGANT PAB-
\JZi\J 1 r door- sun all day; housekeeping; $25.
tiioveM-'eet.
A I 7 GROVE, BET. Go UGH AND OCTA VIA—
tJ I•- rooms for light housekeeping. •'
i.0«.,ril A. reo..
749 HOW AB D — LABGE FURNISHED
1 t— . housekeeping room; also single: cheap. •;..--■
1 1 V A 110WARD-T^IC_XY~i r URNISH fD
J I —C room« fortoousekeepius; good stove, large
closets, 'both: $10 per month; in an American
.family:- no children; none but' sob.- r, quiet people
' need apply. • ■•■•.■.'■■:-■ ■•."■"
K«;,tn:y Street. _
KEARNY, NR. tSUTTER— S DOOMS OR LESS;
gas and water free. Apply IS Grant aye. ■'-■:
Lewis street. j -
"I /> LKWIS ST., OFF TAYLOU,' NEAB POST—
1" Large unfurnished room arid kitchen; #9. ..,"'
HOHSEKEEPiy G BOOMS — lontinnorl.
. ' . McAllister Street.
99f«l MCALLISTER —UN FURNISHED
"i"2 rooms fur offices; furnished housekeeping
rooms; also single.
• .-"'Xfcion vii'o..
91 MISSION— NIOKLY furnished
O_>X front rooms from $ 1 np. • '
M.A7 MISSION —FRONT BOOMS W 1 T*H
Ot 1 . kitchen; also other rooms.
191(j MISSION— NICE FUBNISHED
IOIU iront room; running water; for light
housekeeping. . . - , .
N in Hi Street.
,-l-OK »INTH — A NIC FLY" FURNISHED
XOO room, with use of kitcheuand sitting-room:
has to be seen to be appteclated.; .
Oak Street.
AQ OAK— 3 SUNNY F.;ONT ROOMS AS A
"iO nat; unfurnished; cheap.- .. " -■':■--
A... «J'_arrell Street. . ,
9991 O'FAHRELL— FURNISHED
_«_._. a for housekeeping: terms reasonable.
Stevenson Street.
'C' STEVENSON— 4 UNFURNISHED SUN-
-000 ny rooms.' . •■'.):'•
■Stockton ' Place.
-1 n(\O STOCKTON— 2 R OMS FURNIsHED
X I v>O forhoniieiceepins: sink In Kitch mi -.cheap.
suiter siren;.
7Q9 SUTTER ST., NX. JONES — NICELY
I O_, lurnisheu housekeeping rooms; bath;
cheap.
\ku .\c«« A nine.
VKWLY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
X rooms: also single. 43 \*itn -e^save.
• UOOiIS 1O L.ii.'X. '
MHII >,!••»>..
797 BUSH — FURNISHED FRONT BAY-
i — . 4 wiiiuow room; first floor; light housekeep
fng; single.
C9'JB FURNISHED KOOM FOR.-»IN-
O-O gie gentleman; reasonable; references re-
quired, i •
California *> a. ■.-«.■«.-..
f*97 CALIFORNIA— FOR RENT 19 KLE-
\)^u I gaut rooms; rent reasonable. A. GRAbSO
CO.
Kddy Place.
7 1 C EDDY— SINGLE FURNISHED ROOMS:
I Id running water: $b 10 $8.
■_....- ki pee_
TIIF. KASIOXA. 330 ELUS: MIW. KATF.'V
J. HART, mum m- A <;oiet bous»: centrally lo-
cated: newly lurnlshed: elevator: hot it coin wa.er.
<)QA ELLIS — " FURNISHED BOuMS WITH
OOu privilege of light housekeeping; others.
791 ELLIS— SUNNY "SINGLE ROOM; USE
I — ,1 of bath; rent $5.
—.._-< ith liiw«M
CHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE. 28 BTH
O st., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
11...! Mien..
QQ FIFTH— FRONT SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
OO rooms; running water; 98 and $10 a month.
djji A WEEK; LARGE SUNNY FUHMsHi.D
%pX. room; closet; bam; private. 314 Fifth St.
1 uKiim Mred..
BOn' S0M > NEAR FOURTH— FUKNISH-
—^v-> ed single rooms. $1 per week.
1 niton street.
3 FULTON (FULTON HOUSE), OPP. CITY
Hall— Elegant suites; singles: transients.
. . Geury Street.
007 GEARY, COR. MASON- ELEGANTLY
00 I furnished rooms: rent reasonable.
A(\P. GEARY (THE AY A XXX)- FURN ISH-
riyJO ed rooms; board optional; folding-bed.
A 1 ARTINETTL 1101 GEARY, SW. CUK..VAN
lX Ness— Suites and singles; newly luri-lshetl.
IJaight Street.
91 HAIGHT— LARGE FURNISHED FRONT
•-X room for 2 gentlemen; 2 beds: hot and cold
water, grate, with privilege of parlor, nso of piano
and library: also sunny single room. :,: '
Harrison Street.
7791 HARRISON — I- IN ELY FURNISHED
' I —a rooms: bath, closet and yard: $1 week.
•_:.£ lioMa 1 Sties..
/'OQ HOWARD - DOUBLE AND SINGLE
O—.O rooms: sunny; gas and bath.
77--1 1 HOWARD — NICELY FURNISH
1 Ul2 sunny bay-window, room* and others;
reasonable. ' -• •
1 t)r i HOWARD— NICK SUNNY ROOM
X_i»Ji cheap; ail conveniences. •
■n«uc« Mre»..
1 00 JONES-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
1 UU for gentlemen;, newly renovated; reason-
able.
"07 J O- ES— THE|IVAN WINKLE: NEW
— .U i management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; ba;h, etc.; *10 tot3o.
— **my Mleo .
A ISLINGTON BOUSE, 327 KEARNY —
-■*■» Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single: hrs:
c>ss in every respect: terms reasonaoif. •
::•'.'- LCHveinrorth Street.
O(\{-' LEAVENWbRTH — UNFURNISHED
OU'I sunny room for hoasekeeplns;: furnished
parlor suite.
LEAVEN WOUTH, NEAR PORT— I WO
sunny rooms, gentlemen: peasant outlook.
. Call on owner, 22 Geary st., room 3«J. -
' _>. *-» k«- • -'• .mm .
yOSEMITT? HOUSE. 1045 JIARKKT — TBR
X night. HBc to VI ; week. SI 50 10 $5: famlllv*.
■1-1 99 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
XJ — — suites. * 5 wk; also furn single rooms. $2.
1 Q7fl MARKET— UNFURNISHED SUNNY
XO I front rooms: 1 suite carpeted: first floor.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PL., OFF GEARY. BET. MASON
and Taylor— Sunny single room; $5.
. . Mason street. -
■T7ILEGANTLY"FUBNISHED SUNNY SINGLE
X_ rooms. 315 -lason st.
McAllister Street.
99^A MCALLISTER. OPP. -; CITY HALL—
— --<vJ sunny fur, rms.; private family: $3 snd 810.
iVlcLea Court.*- j
nl McLBA COURT, OFF NINTH— SUNNY
2 front room; bath: private family. '< ■
, — — HMta - tra«..
ROn MINNA, COR. EIGHTH — NEWLY
\J\J 4 furnished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
7971 MINNA. NB. 9TH-- BUNNY ROOMS:
. I — . I m gas and bath.
.i.in..)ii reo .
V'Q9 MISSION— NICELY; FURNISHED
yJO— clean front room; price*, reasonable. .
fl_Q 3 HOUSEKEEPING KOOMM: ALSO 2
CO. large rooms upsialrs: $8. '2507% Mission
St., near Twenty-first.
■. Ninth street. .
91 NINTH— SUNN Y FURNISHED BOOMS,
AX light housekeeping: single rooms.
O'tarrtill Mi-eei.
Q9r b'FABRELL— NICELY FURNISHED,
<->£ 'O sunny room: suitable for 2: rent f 10. -
Fine htroe;. .
Y»9l PINE— ROOMS. «5 UP; RUNNING WA-
U— .I ter; gas; quiet: sunny; gentlemen only.
:-'. . Post Street. ~
no 1 POST — NICE FURNISHED BOOMS;
UO I large closet: water, gas and bath; $3 and
CIO month. ....... ...
: i'u.k Si reel.
19A" POLK— FURNISHED PARLOR.
XJ-yJO suite or. slngie: anturnlshed room with,
kitchen. . ■ .
' T.Xtti • t«i,i .
1 On SIXTH— (CHANGED HANDS) ELY
1— ' furnished front rooms; . suites or single;
reasonable. -' • '.
"PIEL'MUN.," COR. SIXTH AND MINNA—
; X Nicely famished sny rms; mod. conveniences.'
' .-1 :t-r o»;. . , '
ffAQ SUTTER .-. (SAX REMI) — ELEGANT
1 • \JO newly furnished rooms, suite or Mingle.  "■•
li»ymr re«..
1 Dl TAYLOR-NICELY FURNISHED SUN
J.O 1 ny rooms: low rent. ' ; • •
' . iiiiii >rr#ort .
■I 7 THIRD— XICFLY FURNISHED BOOMS;
1 I quiet bouse; tourists a specialty; transient. .
- "turk . Mrce..
99>l TUKK- LIGHT, SUNNY, ELEGANT
_._.i double parlor: doctor or dentist. .
\ _.. .<«.*< ah-duii,
QH9 "'VAN NESS A Y.— HANDSOMELY FUR-
if'' - nished parlor suit* and other rooms. .'
-TOKAUJ-. .
S^ToK^AQE^VVLicA 'PESTIN I iTk^CtFy ;*FIKJt
proof. building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
V,>L : KN IT URK. PIANOS. . TRUNK*: Al>
X 1 Tances, Shipping CIIAS, L. 1 A YL0K.204 Poit.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
BOARDING' AM) ROOMS.
TOie OCTAVIA. SEAR OKAKIMnNSY
X. 1 U front rooms with board In private Jewish
fcimily. '.-::''•,-- '
1 1 9*/> GL'KRhEKO, BET. TWENTY-THIRD
XX£j^. and Twenty-lour. Larg* sunny room
with board, tollable for 1 or 2 gentlemen. *
7]9 I OST— SUNNY FRONT KOOil, NICELY
• X—. furnished, with board: terms moderate.
Q"I I O'FARRELL — NICK SUNNY BOOM
<J XX with board; suitable for wo.
1 4-1 A. SA^-^AMENTO— LARGE, SUNNY AL-
J-T'l "X cove room, with board: also other rooms;
hot, and cold water: private family. .t'Spm
EL MONTE, 601 GEAKY ST.. COR. LOR—
XJ _ fine sunny suites with board: ■ table- first-
claTis: reference . J. E. SLINKEY, Manager.
*> NICELY FUKNISHKD FRONT ROOMS AND
— - board In private family. 619 Geary st.
COW VAN NESS— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN.
\_ VAJ ny rooms: good board; reasonable.
OTKLBEKTLING, 714 BUSH ST.— A FA M-
lly hotel: references given aud required: all
rnyern fonvenlenrp^. ..
' CHIL,_»it>JN i;uAKU£I).
p ERMAN LADY WISHES BABY TO BOARD;
VJ good home. 4351/3 Hayes st.
GUILD TO BOARD: TEKMS REASONABLE.
110 Austin st.. off Po'k, near Pine.
STOKES 'io LET.
t J ROCERY Oil FRUIT BTOftß] iiOOU^TASI)';
yj , rent cheap. Apply on premises. 17 Zoe street,
bet. Third and Fourth, Bryant and Brannan,
from 12 to 2. Monday and Tuesday.
%I 0 STOKE AT 321 Ko-TsT., NEAR MAR-
T LOW KKNT— PART OF STORE AND
ba-pm«»nt. 324 I on, st. -
~ ; OFFIttS TO i.ET. .
VURXiSHKI) OR UNFURNISHED: BEST
X location; 850 Market St., NE cor. Stockton:
sun all day; suite of 4 rooms, opening In. each
other; well adopted for professional man; rent
reaso Hi):,-. ' .
, ■ JitSICAL kNs>XKUlti;>'lS.
4 GAIN WE CALL ATTENTION TO THK
XV fact that we are selling pood-toned second-
hand pinaos for $3. $4 and $5 per month: beauti-
ful new uprights for $6, $7. 8, 99 and $10 per
month: no cash pat-incut required larger than ths
above amounts: till purchasers of upright piano*
Ire in us have the privilege? of exchangin'.r ssme for
a Stelnway any tune within 3 years from date
without sacrifice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.,
representatives of Steinway A Sons' pianos, cor.
Kearny and Sutter' sts.. Baa Francisco; also Oak-
land, CaL ; Portland, Or.: Seattle. ash.
< A iLUTELY THE OLUr.sT AND LARGEST
-TV hot.«e west of Chlcaeo Is KOHLER <fc
CHASE'S, 26, 28 and SO O'Farrell St.; pianos, or-
gans and all other musical instruments, of all
grades and price*: terms eisy:- price* lowest;
everything possible done to rileastt and satisiy tue
customer.
CTUaLLY THE 81--HT BARGAINS I.V Pl-
anos; see our list lor this week; piano: on 93
f4. 35, 98, 97. $8, 99, *10, 915, «20 monthly pay-
ments: tine stool and cover with each; delivered
free anyn-bero In the city and kepi tuned by ex-
pert concert tuner*. • The F. W. sPEiSCtlii CO,
ftUesrooms 98S Market a:., opp. Mason.
HaTkDMA " UPRIGHT, SLIGHTLY UJED;
XX 1 -ft for sale by party obliged to dispose of It
at once: a great opportunity. THE J. DEWING
CO., second floor. Flood building. '
HA INKS BHOS-, BUS.H A GERTS AND
- Knabe pianos; get our prices: good second-
hand uprights, »125: organs, *35. WM. C. lIAMIL-
ION, auccestor A. L. BANCROFT <fcCC^ H24 Poit
BEAUTIFUL OAK AND WALNUT PIANOS
I* Just received and for sale cheap. Z. MAU-
VAIS Music Ci mnan-, 769 Market st.
OOD UPRIGHT, CHEAP; BARGAIN.
T SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister, next H ibertiia Bank.
ELEGANT EMKhSOS, FiR>T-C'LASS CON-
dltlon. a- sacrifice. E. W.LICK.II6 McAllister.
MAGNIFICENT sTF.IN WAY ; SACRIFICED
this week. Hoom 10. 808 Market st.
\V' ANTED, >OK CASH, 5 SECOND-HAND
'' uprights. BRUENN, 228 Post St.
\\ AGNIFICENT STEIN WAY UPRIGHT AND
-^'i. .-chufrert: little used; sacrifice. 1019 Van New
\\f G. BADGER. SOi.E A- ENTFORHALLET
'* .& vis and Francis Bacon pianos. 406sacta
BY RONMAIZY. 308 PuST ST.— -OHMKR,
N ewby «t Evans. Brigcs and other pianos. .
UPEKIOK VIOLINS, ZITHEItS, OLD* NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 l.a. hnm place.
a DOLLAR a WEEK ox RENT CONIItACT
■?»- buys new piano. l:iti Ellis st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TUB
i\- .V I-.1-.lvLY r CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
HOKSES.
LOR sale— dappT?glia?^Jal{eT~very
X handsome: 6 y<-ars old: weighing 1300 lbs.;
suitable tor laundry or delivery wagon; must be
sold. New York Stables, 507 JiMsle st.
Ail llut;sli.-j l-OK «___£; ALSO WAOONaL
TV/ fcngclei, carts, harness: Grand Arcade ilor*«
Market, 327 Plx:h st. ; auction sales every Wwlauu-
-«y. SULLIVAN A DoYLE, Auctioneers.
fpHE EMPORIUM SALES YARDS. l»U VA.
X lenda st., is the place to go If you want to buy.
sell or exchange hones, buggies, wagons or har-
ness: auction sales every Saturday at 11 o'clock
K(l|) S.l--1 NEW AND MiCO.McIUMj HAH-
*J\J\J r.ess: all kinds: begey. wagon, carts, surra?
&rocltawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia
1 " /i SETS NEW AND SECOND HANI> 11 A
\U\J ness, all kinds; wagons, tinggios, surr*r%
rockaways, carts: must be sold. IJ-J8 Mission «;
■L^INE BUSINESS HORSE— YOUNG. SOUND,
X stylish, gentle; bargain. 1 4:< Bartlett st.
U LECTKICHOKSE-ULIPPING; CALLED FOR
-I-* and returned. 640 Valencia;. lei. Mission. 2-7.
P.M IU-..M.- DKiVING AMIWUIW IiUK.I .-..-.;
»;V> weight 1000 to 170.1 Ib^. H*l Mc.viri <■
\VAUO.\j ANX» CAKUIAOIis.- ~
"VfEW AND SKCONIHIAND BAKERS'. LA US-
-1-1 dry, milk and grocery wagons: also rocka.vay
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st.
E GLASS LANDAU HACK; in USE PRI-
-0 vats 1 year, ai. WALCOM BR..S.'. 217 Klll-i.
lj-OR SALE— BL'SINE-S BLGGY. PHAETON
X iind cart; cheap. 90S Golden Gate aye.
I/O* SALE-N W SECOND-HAND WAGONS;
1 1 new breaking cart. 1310 Turk st. :
GOOD SEi OND-HAND LIGHT KXPRF.SS;
r new ) in: ln.llll in: ch-Mp. 414Brondwn,7.
• BIIiLUCAX.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from and diseases ' peculiar 10 tbelr sex:
latest Improved method of treatment; never
falls: perfectly harmless: tree Irom any bal
effects; never makes (hem Rick to . make them
well; travelers helped iramella'.eiy; i.rlces to suit
th« times: home In coiiUnement. DX. iMl'.s.
DA VIES. 14 McAllister St.. next lllbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills, 4i;
hours from 9 a. _. to 5 p. _. and 7 10 9 p. _.
A PROCESS THAT NEVER l-AJL- TO RK-
-A. store every case ■of monthly Mcknc^s irom
whatever cause in a few hours when medicines
and others have failed; no Instrument* u-eil-
many years* experience: every • case guaranteed;
advice free: terms reasonable: first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. Dl«. lULlii . Ji2<J
Market St., ovei>he Owl Dm? store.
D~R. FOU LET'S . FRKNCH "... CAPSULES - A
KunrHnteed absolute cur.' for all female dis-
eases (no ma tcr whet cau-e): positively safe and
sure: no dang r or after effects: taken in time li
a:B3 acts tit a preventive: price 91 60 per box-
sent free by mall on receipt of price. WALLER
BROS.. 33 Grant aye. - ■- ••-....
AN PKOCK>s->— NO CINE, N-TRU-
roent or worthless pills used: every woman
her own physic an for all female troubles, BO matter
from what cause: restores always la one day; can
be sent and used at home;«al canes guaranteed
DR. POPPKRand MRS. DBS. NAIL. 318 KeHrny.
BS. GOODWIN, SPECIALIST: LADIE-i
near or far, safe, quick cure guaranteed, any
dl^eas- or complaint: home for patients- best
skill; free diagnosis; low fees; self cure. 904 Mo-
Allister si. ... . . .
ALPKAI'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
x_ Ivdies with female troubles; no danger; safe
and sure; 92 50 express ('. U. D ; don't delay until
too late. OSGUOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
SURE UUKIs FOR ALL, Jji^MALt. lv.-v
eases, from whatever caune; borne' it: contine-'
men: : every comfor:: satisfaction guaranteed or
money refunded. MRS. DK.OWYKR, 2^'B Turk s:.
DON'T FAIL TO CONSULT Dlt. JoitDAN AT
bis museum, 1051 Market st. his Hi) years'
successful practice Is a gup ran tee of fair treatment;
the wont cases treated satlsfr.Ciorlly by mail.
Q.^jkMl'AlD FORA V A 1 FAILTO CU RE OF
I <glvv>\J fe imla complaints or diseases of the eye-
consultation free. MRS. DR. feCpTT', 513 Jones su
U PKAK'.> FKMaLK KRGULATING PILL*;
safe and eMiclent emtnenacogue: 91 per box
RICHARDS & CO..druggiBts. 406 Clay st.,soleiiKtB.
METROPOLITAN DISPKNSAJtY. 107SV"*
Market st.; 20 years' experience In nervous
aad sexual diseases: both sexes: consultation free.'
RS. D. BARTON, DOCTHK-S: MASSAGE
and medical treatments. 808 Howard st , _, F.
OME. A . HiK AND MOTHER'S CARE.
Mils. Pit. FUNKE. 1416 f.lghth st-. Alameda.
F IRREGULAR UK ANY FK.NaALr. DI li ViK
MRs.DK. and becontent. i;s4i :_. 4:h.
1 jit. HALL, 14 McALLISi Kit STREET. N r.AK
,XJ Jones.- Diseases of women ana children.- |
UKS. DKS. DONOVAN. 1306 FOLSOM ST.;
ill confinement: terms reasonable. . '
ATTOKNEYS-AT-LAW..
S"^aTlOßs" AND^MEcll AnTcs' ' W AGES^COL^
lected: e=ta:es probated: deeds, wills, contracts
drawn: advice fr^e. .J. G. Jr-Fl-REas, law oQlce,
632 Market >v, room 23. ■■:-.-• : . .
DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A BPECI-
alty; private; 110 charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, cUlms. col!ectlon«, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. •• . HOWE, ati'y-at-1-w. 850 MarkeL
RW. KING. CHRONICLE BLDG; CONSUL-
• tatlon free: probate: all cases: fees low.
< INJURE a. : MALCOLM, "ATTORNEYS AT
XV law, room' 431 Parrott building (Emporium).
DVICKFKKE: NO CHARGE UNLESS .-^Cc-
t-easful. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market s^'
Bough rX? "See" t>Te"_ at!
Ed at 124 Geary st. California Camera Co.
. rrrsn>'
I'^H^VK^K ARIToF SOMK° OTHER PLACES
where ' they dress » hair > for 2^c. but' there is
neither quick neatness ? nor politeness there: I
any of my^mp oyes who offend in any particular
are I:l: char ed: patrons will please report offend-
ers to me. Gray and bleached hair restored to
natural color. G. LEDEHKR. 111 Stockton st. <
DR. SMITH'S BATHs POSITIVELY CURE
rheumatism, neuralcia, ; kidney, liver and
nervous troubles: ' Hygienic 'board" with sunny
rooms (or invalids; circular* and consultation free.
Address DR..B.X SMITH. 1513 Buchanan st..S.F.
\\. r ANTED— OLD GOLD OK MANUFACTU--
'T Ing. O. NOLiE, Jeweler, 222 O'Farrell st. /
TH t:ELL WOOLEN AND COTTON YARN,
table linen, lace curtains, towels, hosiery, un-
derwear, corsets, embroidery, laces, button*, lln-
Inss,' threads,' handkerchiefs, veiling, etc. very
cheap at Pioneer Dry-goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BOILS, SORES, BURNS, SCA LDS,~~ETC., OF
Xj any description and from whatever, c-uie,
headed permanently: no charge; samples free for
one mon h Address or call, xIANsEN, 127 Sec
ond st., S. F. - ' . ■
pAKTINGTON'S- SCHOOL OF -MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day aud evening
c asses; Instructors. J. li. K. I'artinsrton, Gertrude
I'artington, R. L. PHrtlngion. Particulars 424 Plue.
"I HAIRDRESSER— MR& HUBBARD,
■Lj removed to the- Vendome, 1104 Market St.,
will be pie— to see her old patrons; balrdress-
lng. 25c; 'hair coloring: face treatment. -, • > ■,;
ADVICE FREE; . DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
XV cialty; private; no charge unless successful: all
Jaw suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
..ended 10. G. W. HOWE, atty-et-law. hso Markets^
RE YOU GETTING BALD? • • .- -.- .-. ■ .
My private remedy sure cure for baldness;
guaranteed an absolute preventive for loss of hair:
starts new growth in 30 days;eradlcator of dandruff
Testimonial; and circulars at 424 Folsom St.. near
First. J. W. O'HOR'E. Kept by all druggists.
ELEGANT MASQUERADE COSTUMES, AN-
DEKSON's. 181 Stockton st.: country orders.
yUll'a CLEANED. x*KESSEi), *i; KKl'AlKd
Odyetng done. 28Montcomerr. r. 14: tel.red 'J374.
Im/i/i CARDS, $1 50. SHOW CARD*. ETC.
IUUU Tel. Black 141. ILL, 22V 3 Geary st. .
GO TO 609 THIRD; CHEAP PAINTING,
papering, whitening «nd plastering: estimates
given for all kinds of work. A. HOFFMAN.;
£•1 A DOZEN— FINE CABINETS AT WlL-
<pl SON'S Gallery, 1028 Market.
QUPEKFLUOL'.-J iiAIK PERMANENTLY RE-
O moved by electrolysis. MRS. DR. WELCH.
211 6 Bush, below Flllmore: hrs. 2to 3, ex. Th A Sa.
""j?ITS, SCIATICA. CATARRH. DI^EA-ES OF
X women. DR. SPITZ Y. 413^ Kearny. 1 to4p._.
AZUR , EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET— BASE-
ment; tine edge put 0:1 razor for 25 cents,
T THIS PEOPLE'S ONE DOLLAR MEDICAL.
Institute, all rases irea'.ed and medicine* fur-
nished for $1: call or write. 1029Va Market a_.
Lei. slxtu and .Seventh. San Franclac* , C_L '
\\r ATCHES. DIAMON'7/S, JEWELRY OF ALL
•1 » kinds at reduced price*: must move; building
to be torn down. 5 aud 7 Third st. . .
UPTURE AND PILES CURED: NO.PAY
until cured: send for book. DRS. Mans.
FIELD & PORTKRFIELD. 838 Market st. .
LOAKS, FUKS AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J wholesale prices. Factory. 20 Sansome st. <
IJURNKTT'S CORN CURE— SURE CUKE FOlt
Xi corns, bunions, warts; 26c. 327 Montgomery.
LL FACIAL JiLEMIoIiIvS.. SUPERFLUOUS
hair, mole«, freckles. sc»rs. «rtc. removed by
1 lite Electrolysis Ca. 22t5 Turk, nr. I.oaven»on.iL
IJIUOUTDOOU HTKKi-.uPTICON SHOW I-.VK.
±J ry Dtfot cor. Market snd bixth sts. ; artistic it-
vrr;i«ements In living light; promoters of bun-
tees. Consult oWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Marlte.v,
LECTBIO LIOHT.-> IN EVERY ROOM I
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third sL. near Mar_»; :
It 0 rooms. 25c to 91 60 per night: el 60 to 96 . pee
week: tree bus and j fc— giratro to and from mo ferry.
"i iiSKii.M. Al/VAMJI-.-) v>N J>lAilONi»^ vV-
Xj ••Irr. etc. : laveC rate*. . ii-;^ Marks: HI. ' :
GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LAIUE*
nothing bought. COLMAN. 41 'in cor. J>-^:«
U__>)s3lAkKK>. .
vTl^ A«iKS KkXtEU— FASHIONABLK
i'l dressmaker; 514 Geary St., near Taylor: styl-
ish tire .-!•< from - ,*4 up; latest style skirts, SI 50;
perfect tit guarantied. • . .• ■
SUITS >1 AD_ Ft o:^Ts3 UP: -"KIRT.-n 76c;
carK»vsl:fl f uarantee<l. 859 *-tfvi'ti^on si.
. LXAIKVOVA.VTS. ~ ~~
ksTdrT f. "'cuKt""^'^' ""'""""": -
PERMANENTLY LOCATED
4.0 GEARY STREET.
' The world's most famous medium of modern
times: if you are in iloubt thai me can iind will
perfOCIB Mil she claims feel yours*;. invited to
call and she will give you more substantial proof
of her ni..rvelutn power than you have ever be-
fere received from mortal: ' don't fall to see her
If you are interested in the affair* of life; If mar-
rlase. sickness, death's chances, t rave. s, divorces,'
separations, lawsuits, business transactions, wills.
(!• Eds and mortgages,' lost or stolen property, lost
or absent iriendt linen: you; If yoi care to know
what you. should do to be successful, where you
should go and whom 10 avoid, when 10 buy and
sell stock, c c.— in a word, ver may ie your
trouble, suspicions or desires, call on thUeliieit
woman and she. ill send you away happier, w'ser
and bolder thin ever before ' Hours a a. m. to 8
p. 11. strict. Fee $1 and .*•_'. sen.l stamp for illus-
irnted circular with special terms.'-
-:■: . ■ ..MKS.DK. F. CLARK, 420 Geary st.
GII'ANA, TH » i IPS V Q ' - X iTnTh TURK ST. ;
truthful predictions: reliable advice: no mut-
ter what troubles you have. com*, and she will
guide yon right; satisfaction guaranteed. ' -
ME. MllJlllll, CLAllt VUY ANT. TELLS
past, present and luture; success to all; for-
tunes by mall; low crlces.' B.'i6 Misilon st." "
i 1 ME. Li GKTIE— PRESENT. I'Asl 1 AND
i v > fu:nre; 26c: one price. 311 Tehama St., nr.4th
MME. RAY BEN N El T. CLA IK VOY ANT AN" D
mind-reader. 122 Post, rs. 10 and 11, 3d floor. |
\l ME. HAN.SEN, PALM li r.CARIVitKADKB:
■I'l past, present an-1 future: '.'sc. 1486 th st.. r. 6. \
VlMi-.. MOi<EaU, BEM' JuKilt.\K-'l'r.lLliK
i** and medium In city: fee 25c up. 764 Howard st. j
A ME. RAVI R'EaDS~*ITfK FLUENTLY:
i.»i business advice: names given ; 25c up. 6 Fourth
ME. FANNIE DAVTs7I_A«,NhTrj HEAL-
and card-reaaer. Koom 2, 122 Post st.
ME-M^BLr. WOuD*. CLA ill VOY ANT AND
card-reader. -^07 1 ost, room 8. '
JlE..Uiit.\A l CARD-UK \DER AND MAG-
i'J natlc healer; pa lor 12, Bbs Va Market, 2d floor.
GYPSY LIFE, READER REMOVED TO 3
X seventh St., nr. Market: ladies Vsc; gents 50c.
ME. PEAR LUCKY, CARD-READER AND
magnetic hea'er: charms." Room 2. 223 Post.'
ME. sYIiILI.I-; TELL-! FUU.M CKaUI.I-. TO
*M grnve:riir i y|vfn:liulli-« 25c: s 14 O'F.irro'l.
trliailALisJi.
MMX. 06MAN, SI'IRITUAL TRANCK MKDl-
i'i urn. re:urued: life readlngi, love attain, busi-
ness Investments, mining speculations a specialty.
838 Mission st. . -
\1 RS. DUP It E — MOsT WnNDEKFUL
I'M trance medium In the world; sittings aally.
24 Turk st. .
MR-. MAYO STEERS,- 112% OAK: READ-
Inns daily. $1. circl- 'Jsc; -unlay. Tuesday
and Friday. !a o'clock; ladies' circle, 1 riurs. '-' p. _.
"T .M. FRANCIS.. 1 N D I-. P )•- N D E T - s L A T~
-A- « writer. lib night at. ; hours 9 until 9a- m
KS.'ELLI>, ai-WUJI. 11 INi.S. a'lO8.9l;
circles lues.. Fri.. 8 p. M-, 25c. 1824 Market st.
Rs. SHP.IN Ml. TBA.>eh MEDIUM: SIT
'*' tin-siiii! v si: circle Sun. fv». :<UVhii>pm
___________ „
a;»tko_.oov.
\ sttkXl s ee •pko^Th^KieV. I T <: fTft"h^
_». rooms 12-13: hQ-.oscopes: questions: ndvl^p.
UYi'NOTISJI.
HYPNOTISM SCIENTIFICALLY TAUGHT:
success jrrtd.Hvpno'lc.Mesmericlns.BO'Karre 1 ;
U-MTSTS. — — __
r^iiALfcANT & cha lfantTmovkiTfrom
\J 8 Mason to 119 Powell; bridgework a specialty.
I jR. L. T. CKANZ-h.XTRACTION PAINLESS;
XJ crown work, bridge wore and teeth without
pistes a specialty. 3:»tt Suiter, NX. cor. Stockton.
7< FULL SET" OF .TEETH WOKTH *1_:
<P I . w-urrante'i 5 years: extraction free: lilluigs
60a Chicago Demai Parlors. 24 sixth «t.
LULL SET OF TEETH, $7. WAKtIA.NTED- i
r tilling 60c. crowns 93. DR. BROWN. 21i£ 3d. j
OL'IOA.IIIiM'AL'AMJOCI* 1 JON, 80(i AK-
ket st. DR. CHAKLKs »V. DECKKIV.
Dn. K. W. PRATT— TEKTH ON ALUMINUM
plates. same price as tnt>ber. 14 Giant aye.
; Si* 7 A Sr.T J-OK Ti-.Klll-WArtKA.NTED Ad i
•J) I conii imcan bo made: tilling 91' DR. _IM—
demist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin 'l'heater. "
pAI.NlitbS .XTIIAC! ■ We: C'KOWN
X bridge work a sp^-ci^ltr: plates 95 up: IS rear 1'
experience ; It. JL WALSH. 81534 Geary.
R.-LUDLUM HI Li.. 144:-! MARKET ST., Nil.
Eleventh: no' charge: lor ■. extracting ■ when
plates fire made: old plates made over Ilk* new;'
let th iroin $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. . ••■;'
WM' 11 WIT.iuUl Al'Ui_ JUIT
O 11. G. Young. 1841 Polk 5:.., ■.
K. J. J. ___,<>. HUiIMAKKiiT. v OK. OUIiUKS
Gute avc; open evemnic.i: -i:ndays till noon.
CKOOMK DENTAL ASSOCIATION." 709 MAX-
V ket, bet. 3d and 4th; gas specialists; pa lnle«
«xtractln<.wl;h gas, il: plates. $5 up: fill. 91 up.
DX. oi-.OitUl-J W. . LEEK, THE GENIINiS
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or tee's
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20o"FarrelU;
ALL WORK I;>.At<ONAiJLK AND WAK-
ntnr»ri. l.'H- .' W. KKY.II2J Market st. . -
l-i'_.WKi.ii;Kls.
avk'you'sken the new peerless
typewriter anJ notary Duplicator? They stand
at the head. R. E. RKVQi.K & CO. , 409 California.
AUfcNJS SMITH- PREMIER: ALSO RENT
and sell all kiedsof typewriters, v L. <_ M. AL-
EXANDEP. _ CO., 110 Montgomery si., write for
circular. ■: -.■--.:-■. «. ■-... •:• . : . ■.....■ .  : fT, ;
' ■ ' . V PHYSICIANS.-; .- "-, -.."."
DM. C. C. O'DONNELL, ; • MARKET, ■ COR*.
Golden Gate ay. ; diseases of women a specially.
-^ ww : CITY REAL ESTATE. -,'~j*~ '
PEC lONS ON- ~ - T " ♦'
O THu. AIRSHIP.
, Many differ nt theories have been ■ advanced In
regard to the strange lights I reported to have been
seen in dlffe.-ent parts of the State lately, specu-
lations on this subject are exceedingly interesting,
but not very pi o fit able. Your attention is called
to a speculation that will unquestionably result in
a profit to those who have ' the - foresight to take
advantage of the offer. On or before the Ist of
December (Tuesday) we will sel: any lot in the two
b in- m bounded by Frederick, 8 anyan, Cole,
Sbr&der and Beulan streets at prices ran.' ing from
$1260 upward. Alter thai date prices will 1 c ad-
vanced 5 per cent. • In the past two weeks sales of
lots in these blocks aggregate ■ $24,260 many of
the purchaser* being builders, who will mm diate-
lyimprov- their properly. If you want a lot we
can arrange very easy terms for you. These blocks
face Goide.iruaie Piirlc. S.reei wor» done in front
of every lot. We earnestly advise you to investi-
gate this offer, See these lots at once. Tuesday is
positively the last I day a: present prices. I Our
agent will be on the property -undav . with price
lists. - The best opportunity you ever had <<r are
lfivc-ly to have to make money.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
•_; -- , 10 Montgomery st.
OWARD ST. RESIDENCE. r " ~- " ~
MUST BE SOLD. .■.*•..■
SEE OUK AUCTION AD ON OTHER PAGE.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
Ct99fifl WILL BUILD A FIRST - c_a->s
tlT— i— -v/vf 8-rooni 2-story dwelling: porcelain-
lined bath-tub; tile sink; ail other firs.-c. ass
plumbing: 2 wooden mantels: gas iixtuie». etc. ;
complete, ready for occupancy. $lt»00 for 7-rcom
Btory-iind-a-half dwelling. $3300 tor 2 tints of &
and 6 rooms; call aud examine plans and specifi-
cations, etc.: same submitted for any kind of
building; -best Of references, bonds, etc ' W. \\ .
REDNALL, builder. Sfll Market St., bet. Thir-
teenth and .Fourteenth. -■ >
VKW SU.NNY LOKNEK; MARINE VIEW:
— 1 I house hardwood finish: must be sold; a bar-
gain. See owner to-day, 3447 Clay st.
JUST COMPLETED—
O '■_,■■ - .■ ■ .. — .
Choice modern bay-window cottazo on the NW.
cor. of 22(4 and Sanchez sis. For terms, etc., apply
of KING & MeN ALLY, 630 Market st. *
UHSI A-NTiAL MODEIIN HOU'-M'.H BUILT;
$160 to 9275 a room; parties contemplating
liiilHtinc invited to call and see plans. il49Mi*sluu.
U> I l\l\l\ COTi'Ai'E - 3 ROOMS IN BEIt-
tJjiVIUU. keley: lot40xl:-:0: SIS monthly.
51000— Corner IOOx 100; $50 down: $16 monthly
SwOU-Lot 40xl'2U: 1 25 down: 25 monthly.
UOO— Half acre hill land: *10 monthly.
1 if AS A. HAII.KY '-'0 Mfirgnii)'- v.
iiONiSi.'; id LOAN.
Gt"'-<nn il(\(\ VO~LOAN ntt^^Tir^CENT;
apO\J\J.\J\J\J city realty, also Oakland: bank
rates; life insurance, undivided estates. SHAIN-
WALD. BUCKBEE «fc CO., 218 Montgomery hi.
ADVA *jN DIAMONDS. WATCHES,
Jewelry; also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st. ; open evenings.
NY AMOUNT; IST, LD.OR 3D MORTGAGES^
estates, undivl :e 1 interests, real estate In pro-
bate; furniture and pianos without removal.
McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
WIsE AND SAVE INTEREST— MONEY
lo:-n<don rverythlng. Cv: Rate Loan Office,
room 7, Flood building. Pledges tor s»le cheap.
(J;9(| C\(\t\ To LOAN <>N GOOD SECURITY
iS)£\J.\J\J\J at 6Vj per cent. See QLINN, 63
Chronicle building. ■ ' / ■ ... '
<C!9A {\i\(\ 1O LOAN" IN SUMS TO SUIT' ON
»IP_.U.\./UU city real estate. M. B. LEW, 11
Montgomery st. • ...
GLUFi /»Afl IN TRUST AT 6 X ON REAL KS-
\JO.\i\J\J t«te 2d mortgage, on piano » _ furni-
ture; no attorney's fee. ISAACS. 240Monigomery.
ONt.Y LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
J'l other valuables a- the Security Loan OiUce,
HCBMarket st. , nr.Mason ;private entrance 7 Turk.
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OK PIANO,
no removal; 110 delays: no com missions; low
Interest. Km. 68. lionohU" b dg. 1170 Market st.
k ->')T^ i\(\{\ AT BANK KATE-: Is I 1 AND
O_<iJ. \J\J*J ad mortEßirci. estates, rents, etc.;
lend as low an $50. H. MUKPiIV. 628 Market st.
AD V A NCES ON DIAMONDS.JKWEIiKY.KTU
Colombia Loan <_ ( ollaieral Office, 9 Urant aye.
1 V ATE P.MITY LOANS OX ANY GOOD
- security; low Interest. N.. box 15. Call Office.
I NY AMOUNT: LOWEST i:a 1 IST d: 2D
.'* mortg»ifp; 11 .-: or Installment. Drn'.wn. 5:-t5 Cal.
IAW.MiIiOKKKS.
HIGHEST ■; PRICE PAID FOR CAST
t'lothlng. «'<i«itiorm linn loan c:(Tir<-. 4!t Tlilnt.
iI.\A.NUUL.
Q 1 HO f\f\(\ Tv LOAN AS LOW AS BANKS.
■JJWW.HWIf Aim'vrm gV2.tv»l.^nfw Pep.Blriz.
LOST.
I i u<yj^-!ocfir oli-H poo DOG 7 (MA LE) ; H A
i J-i nessand red ribbon; no collar. Return 1732 !
j PuCllic aye. ; liberal rjwaid. ■.
OS.T-CINAAMON-TAN 81l Cll. RETURN
603 P. lie st, receive reward.
<I_ .\" REWARD — _Of>T NEAR FILi.MOKE
i&O and dreen, On evening of 27th i nu., a small
white. Malt s* terrier, with long,' straight hair.
Re urn to SIDNEY M. SMITH, northeast corner
Broad tray aid Webster. . < , : - . • .
1 OSI- —.IKON FOB CHAIN. IMITATING
Xj b-ai'a: sold mourned, b-.-.-iring initials .E. M..
and al»o gold locket, engraved with Masonic em-
blem: sultab.e re war J. ■It 69 Willow West,
Oakland. . '
LOST —ON GRANT AYE., SATURDAY
ni^ht, white bull bitch, brown ear: liberal
I rewa d. Return MARCKAU'S ga:ierr, 823 Mar-
ket st. -..-.- • " .
1 OST— GREAT dank biich: mottled
i Xj brown: collar with name Poco, license and aa-
I dresa." i'eiurn t-i 17U7 • ctiivia st : reward. ■
OS l - — BUNDLE OF utN'l'ljfcJlA.N'S WASH
J from lan nury- wagon. Return to 3031 Twenty-
second «t. : reward.' - ■
7 OSI— ON THE WAY HoME FROM THE
XJ Columbia Theater, one If a tern Mar pin.
Please return to thN oiiir-e a':d receive reward..
TKUSTEKS* SALES. . •
TnUsrkEs' sal£^ln^u?c^d^.^e^vTth
X the terms and under the aulhorl v of a certain
<i*>«-< 1 or trust, duly executed by VIRGINIA'S.
THORNBUIIGH CHOPPER (formerly VIR-
GINIA S. THORNBURGH).wIf» of K. D.T. CHOP-
I PER. party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMP-
BELL and THADDEUS KENT, trustees.parties
of the second pan, and the SAN FRAN»;ISCO
SAVINus UNION, party of th« third part, dated
January 24th. 1894, and rrcordt-d lv the oflice or the
I County Recorder or the coun.y of Fresn , State of
I California, In liber 1 14 of deeds, at pa*e< ISO and
I follow and in pursuance of a resolution passed
on the 6th d«y 01 November. 1896, by the buard
I of dlreciors of said SAN VKANCIsi O SAVINGS
UNION, acjrporn lon, and the holder of the note
(No. 12.118). to secure pa ment (if which the
aforesaid deed of 1 rust was executed, declaring
th t def;iu . : h;id been made In the payment of the
pilncipM sum and other turns due under .said
I note and doe.i of trust, mid ing and direct-
| Ins said HENRY C. CA.VPI,Ki.L and THAI).
Uttß. KENT, trustees, to sell the real es:ate
described therein to satisfy -aia In-iebteuness. - - ■
We. HEN i V C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, trustees, dohereb.- give notice iha «n
TUB'S WAY, .he 22d nay of December, a. D. 18915.
at 12 o'cl< c.i. 1100:1 of that da;, a m at the auction
! saleroom tit Euson. Kidrldg? & Co.. 638 Maiket
' s. reel. In he City *nd County of San i-'raucigco,
i of Californiu, we will sell at pubic aooiton,
I t<> t.e hlshcst bidder, for cash in coil coin of the
I United Mutes, the pieces or parcels of vuid, situate
i:i the county of Fresn., Stale of Calitor.ua, de-
scribed as 10 lows, to wit:
Accord to ihe official plats and system of
i surveys of the Government of the United States:
•In towumip fifteen (15) south, range eighteen
(18) t-ast, Mount Diablo base and rui'nuimi. :
. Of M-ft.oni three (3) and lour (4). ihe whole,
containing one thoußund two baa— red and eighty
(1280) acres or laud, more or less; together with
the appurtenances- ■ •- • - -
TE Ms OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of th«
j United States, 10 per cent payable to the under-
■ signed on the full of the hummer, 1 aland- 0:1 de-
livery of deed, and if not so paid, u nits t for. want
ot tit.c (teu clays being Hllowed for search), then
saiJ 10 per cent to be forfeited, and th? sale to be
I void. Acts of tale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY li CAMPBELL,)-, ., „
. THA DDE US B. KENT, jT ■ B3teeg -
rn It US IKES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
_. the terms and under the amhorltv of a cer.aln
deed of iru.it, duly executed by 3. WITKOWiKI
and HANNAH WITKOWsKI (his wile), parties
or the first part, to HKNRY C. CAMPBELL and
THADDEI B. KENT, U_si*«s, parties Of the
second par. and the>S.>.> FIIA.NCISCO SAV-
IN GS">UNION.- party of the third part, dat: d
1 February 21st. 18*0, and recorded In the office of
I the County Record; r Of. the county of , marc,
Suite of CuliioriiiH, 'in liber 7 of trust deeds, at
ii:i(.es I'M mil following, and In pursuance of a
rt-MO ution passed 011 the l^ih day- of November.
189H,'-b»- the o:mrl of directors of bad »\N
*'ttAN«JISUO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of ihe note (No. {)8iO), 10 secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed or tru»t was
executed, declaring ilui a- fai.it had l;e-n made in
the payment or the principal sum an.i other sums
due under sa:d no.c and "ecu of trust, and request-
til* and directing said HKNhI 1. CAMPBELL
and TiiaDi>*.L'.» B. KENT, trustees, to sell the
re .11 es.ato described .therein to satisfy said ln-
debtednes». ! «*enpss» • .:. ;.•--.
c. HENKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDECB
B. KtNT, trustees, do hereby «iv ■ notice that on
TUi-.sDAY. the 2-' ii day i f December, A. D. 189tS,
at 12 o'clock noon of I that any, und at the auction
salesroom cf . Eastou, i-.idridi;*; A Co., 638 Market
street, lv I the City and County ! of s»m Francisco,
Stale of I California, we will seil at public suction,
Ito Hit highest bidder, for cash in go. d coin of t.e
United states, the piece or | parcel of - Und si.uate
in the county of 1 a are, .-tale of California, de-
bcriued is fol.o-A to wli : - - . : * ..- ,
According, to me official'; plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United states:'
- In township iwent.-.uo {'22) youth, range twen-
ty-live (25) east,' Mount Dlaulu base and nieri.ilan:
I (11 scuiipn eUlit (8) the southeast quaner (SE.
Vi). lontainiu.. one hundred and sixty ( 60) acres
if . land, more or less; together with ; iho appux-
Upani a* ■■-"■- . . ••;.- . - ■-: ;
TKK MS OF SALE— Cash in sod coin of the
United states: ten "per cent payable 10 the under-
sigm don the fall of the hammer: ta'ance oa de-
livery of de (i. and if not so unid, unless for want
of 1 tie (ten di.ys b ing allowed for a arch), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the! sale 10 be
▼old. : Acs of sale at purchaser's expense. :
11ENBY.CY CAMPBELL >;,...„<,
* THAUDI-.IS i:.-KI.XT, / T , rU3teeB v
. '•tiblWlSti _LAV«-UM_«.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD. . EXCIi ANO BD. .
rented repaired: lowest rate*. 206 Fourth st.
COtTNTRY REAL ESTATE.
■VTKAR IBVINGTON, ALAMEDA COUNTY,
— lVi acres of .and wi h house of 10 rooms:
large barn: windmill and tank; some fru ts: R.OOO '
bus it: also in same locality 11 acred, v-ry i ]
superior piece of lard; all in bearing orchard hip: i
vineyard: price only $XOOO. it. H. CRANE, 410 !
Montgomery st. ■ ;
101 At res. ALAMKDA COUNTY, choice
— a piece of level land: (roots on two roads;
only: 10 minutes from ' town; public and high 1
school: price 000. 11. H. CKANE. 410 Mont- '
:oni. ry st. •. -- i
A*,' ANTED TO KENT; A BEE KANOH IN
'» Southern California, with no less than . 200
stands cf bees; give particulars: San Diego County
preferred. B. R., box 135, call Office. : .
OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— HOMES AND
vineyards in Sonoma County. R. HILL. Wind-
sor, I'll!. . ,
O LEASE— 2OO ACRES GOOD LEVEL LAND,
Woodside, lour miles from Redwood City: new
house. Apply I- AI.TSCHUL. 320 Clay, S. F.
ALE UK EXCHANGE— 1 LOIS 50x
O "00: near station; 2 frontages;, fruit trees,
water, electric lights; half hour from San' Fran-
cisco; easy payments. M. C. BKOPHY, 107 10th.
\" KRY DESIKAHLE LITTLE HOME OF 18
acres: one mile from town: house of 7 rooms:
barn and fruit house: 000 French' prunes; 100
trees of family orchard: 100 White Adriatic tigs;
5 acres ToKay grapes; all in bearing: A 1 creek
bottom soil: some personal property; $3200; easy
terms. . D. H. TWING. Sonoma, cal.
C>Q ACRE ORCHARD: HIGHLY IMPROVED:
—^O splendid buildings and equipments: make an
offer. W. K. COLE, -Newark. . -
ARIN CO. ; 3000 acres; 26 miles from city:
lots any size; fruit, grain, vegetable laud; rail
or water transit: $40 to «75 per acre: errm to
suit- SYNDIC A IN VT CO, 65 Chronicle bldg.
A LAMEDA LAND COMPANY IS, SELLING
J\- the cheapest fruit, vegetnble and grain land
ever offered In Alameda county in small tracts, 1
mile from Pltasnnton, IV2 hours from San ran-
cisco; price if '_o to $40 per acre: hall cash; owner
must sel: title perfect; ' investigate. 57 Chronl-
cie buildlnz.
END FOR ILLUSTRATED CIRCULARS AND
O pamphlet of California lands lor sale by H.
FRancis, rooms 69-70-71. Chronlclo building,
San Francisco. CaL ' ..'..••-' .
I ITI'LB HUMES, CLOSE 'l\» TOWN. JM-
-» i proved: easy terms: I also 4to 2 acre pieces
on 8 and 10 years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma
City: ev«rv MomUv a; Mi Marmot m.. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
"J^OR SA.'.K— s3soo; MODERN EIGHT-ROOM
X house: lot 40x123; barn, chicken-house, etc.;
street work all done; close to car linen: other
houses from *1200 to $10,000: easy pavntents.
O. A. L * .■■ E & Co., 902 Bioadway.
$7 X LOTS A D UPWARD; BUY NOW
%O when you can: but few lots left in tha
Allendale tract, situate in Fruitvale, adjoining
East Oakland; this Is the only choice property
now being offered iv this -tate at such low prices;
near a nuu school: two electric roads near by and
one will shortly go turougn this tract: grand
view: rare site for a home; drainage perfect:
street all graded; somo macadamized: homes
now here end others being built; ttrms, (6 casn,
*5 monthly. 468 Ninth si., Oakland. H. Z.
JONES, owner.
rro! FOR FITCHBUI4U!
*°'s_T__C A YOUR TAMTLY AND
IKIF.NDS OUT ■ON THK FITCH-
iiLI'.G, SAN LEANDRO AND
HAYWAKDa, LOCAL.
, Fro. Sonthwn Pacific Time-Carl.
THE FIRST IMPORTANT STOP EAST OF
lEUITVALK IS THK PLACE. FAST-
EST SUBURBAN TRAIN ON
■j--;'- THE PACIFIC COAST.
DIRECT BOATS AND TRAINS FROM FERRY.
*OOT OF MARKET STREET, To •
1 iITCHBURG STATION IN
FORTY- FIVE MINUTBS.
/ i»med«, Berkeley and Fruitvale trains ulnced
►y the Fitchbur; scorcher. Hayward* electric
cars from Oaklund every few minutes. '
If you are tired of lite ana want to get off the
earth, stay where you are. People get well, be-
tome cheerful, contented and iwaperoui in bleu-
bcrß. '.■■■.. ■ . ■ .
Fitchbnr^ fs the roo»i». promlmnc nnbnrh on th?
direct line of up-to-date public and private Im-
provements in the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a
business center by natural location, its railway
■ lines now operating, deep-water transportation for
lr eight by Damon's line of last-sailing vessels oa
Oakland harbor, and the excellent county roati
leading to it, are lncon:estible proofs. It is re<"i-
larly laid out into blocks and lots bounded by wld.*
I,; reel-, graded and graveled, and ornamenied wita
t.v«iiu» trees, cypress hedges and evergreen grove*
NOW is THE TIME TO BUY. \ !
Tor a coma while cheap; for speculation on i
rising market: lor a turn be first lor Investment
now. and hold on. No city taxes 10 pay: no stress
improvement* to make. Water supply from 3
companies at your doors. Lots In this beautiful
town at cheaper rates an 1 00 easier pay menu* than
can be bought in many ot ium one-aire«i tract* m
tn Inaccessible hay Held. , . ■
'.. Lots 25 end 60 it-et front by 100 to 200 feet <l#op
to parallel street: double frontage. Terms, 10 per
cf nt cash: deiexrca pttyuieuu in easy i_»;a_i_i«ut_.
UlJe perfect. '
W. F. McCLURK. IP Montcomery S. if.
'1 HAD. S. FITCH. Fiuhburg.
1"KO1'K11TV 'IU tiCUAiVGK.
97-ACRE RANCH, Sa^tXclrUZCO?^?3^so6
& l.]O-acrt> ranch near fan Jose 6.000
S-rrom liouse and lot San Jose 3500
900-a re ranch in Santa Clara Co 40,000
8-room house in Belmoni. San Ma-co C 0... . 3,000
20 houses In Oakland from $500 to 8 000
16 houses in Berkeley fioui *200 to 10,000
I HAVE ALL KIN US OK PROPKRTY,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C DECKEH, 10 JO Market St., opp. Fifth.
tr.-NDEKWi-ODA CO., 7«5 MARKET ST., CAN
' exchange your property: try.them. ■■ ;
\\r ILL EXCHANGE LOTS FOR HORsE AND
.»* phaeton, furniture and carpets, or a clear
ranch. Address F. BOEGLE, Golden Gate, Cal.
\\r ANTED— IMPROVED PROPERTY IN SAN
■"» Francisco, Oaklund, Berkeley or Alameaato
exchange for fine building lots in a fine crowing
sect on: will assume mortgage. 468 Ninth st.,
oaklund. < -.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
0 for sale. WOQSTKK <fc WHITTON. San Jose.
rpiMBER— r.WACiIK-j; KERN CO.: PLENTY
x water: excellent stock ranch. N.. box 16. Call.
fKOFOSAIiS. ~~ ~
PROPOSALS FOIIREMOVIXG DtRT, ASIIEs,
■ - tilth,' etc.— Office of the clerk of the Board of
Supervisors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, November 30, 1896.
In accordance with Resolution No. 15,360 (Third
Series) of the Board of Supervisors SEALED
PROPOSALS will be received in onen session of
lließoura or Supervisors on MONDAY AFTKR-
X"ON, December 7, 1896, from 2:30 to 3 o'clock,
to perform the 'following work during the year
1897, to wit: ■
For the removal of the dirt, ash^s, rubbish and
filth in the County Jail, jail yards, City Prison,
Ci.y Halls, in th- City ana County hospitals, In all
public offices and public buildings us often as re-
quired, but no: less than :hre? times eich week.
For removing the rubbish, denrla aud dirt, in-
cluding^ the : pruning from trees, etc., from all
public square*, and from the new City Hall
grounds and 0:1 and around inclnsure on City
Hall avenue once a week, and at such other time-j
as may be deiigoa:ed and required by (be Com-
mittee on Streets; also. for the removal of the
dirt, rubbish and manure from the stables of the
engine, hook and ladder and hose houses of : the '
Fire Department and Police Patrol as often as may
0* required during the year 1897. - - . .
Also, for tbe removal of all dead animals, within
two hours after notice from the Health Officer (ex-
cept came, horse* and mules), fuund lying in any
public street or square or upon any unoccupied
lOt. •■ - ■'-.■:-;■ .■-'..■■ - ■■■.' ■ ■ .:,.,,■-
The work to be done under the supervision and
to the satisfaction of the .- uperln:nndeiu of Streets
and Highways, exc»pt the engine and hook and
ladder companies' houses, whlon will be subject to
the uppr jval of the Chief Engiueer of the Fire De-
partment and :he Hospital and Almshouie, which
will be subject to th» approval of the respective
officers in charge: also to the approval of the Com-
mittee on Health and Police. - *
For further particulars bidders will apply to
those officers respectively.
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a specified sum per
month for which the, entire work will be per-
formed, with the specific 'understanding that the
party to whom the contract Is awarded will be re-
quired to vi«it tbe offices of the Mayor aud • Super-
intentfeut of Public streets, the Slur ff. th-» Chief
01 Police and the Health Office: also, offices of th»
Chief Engineer of th» Ure D. pnrtment, daily, be-
tween the hours of 10 A. m. and 12 o cluck noon, fur
the purpose of receiving orders lor the performance
of tne work.' In addition, the : party awarded the
contract must keep an office with . a telephone, so
tha'. order* from the department may bo received
and promptly attended to. I
Bidden will also estln.at- with the understand-
ing that in case the work or lib ;r to be performed
U ■ Increased from that ordinarily done, caused
either by the erection of ad.ii.ional buildings, or
from prur.lngs, rubbish, etc., to be removed from
s-quares or public ground*, that the vice shall
Ik- performed, whether more or less, with- addi-
tional compensation than the urice bit: being paid
therefor. . ; .
Tue party to whom a contract is awarded will
be required, prior to or at the time of the < execu-
tion of the contract, to pay the cost of advertising
this notice In three <laily newspapers. .
in order to preserve uniformity aud to facili-
tate the awara the Boar.l ha* resolved to re-
ceive no bid 1 unless mit upon bia. a; forms ■ pre-
pared :- by < the committee, and a certified check:
for the . sum or . «500, deposited by the - b dder
with and made payable to .he Clerk of the Board
Condi loned if the proposal be accepted and the
contiac: awarded,' and if the bidder sh:il fail or
neglect to piy the . linting charges, execute the
contract^«nd give. the required oond within six
pays lifter the award ■is made, then and in that
case the said sum shall be puid.lnto the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk as liquidated dam-
aces lor such failure and at gleet.
■ BlauKS •.urn. sin-. i by the Clerk.' 1
The Board reserves tne right to reject all bids If
the bile good so require. ■. ..
Proposals to be indorsed "Cleaning Public Build-
ings. " '.'.'".■>■■. • ; ..•-•. • - ■■ ■ ■•• ■ ■
. JNO: A. RUSgELi.. C'eric.
'*.._ -:..-. i fItOFESaOSAL",C'AKI)S. ', .','*' 7 .
J^'o^'N^E.'R^CHAß'b^XAWdKFick'k'^BooaiJ
■ ■.'•> ' and ■ 27, Crocker , builoiiiii; Uriepuoui* Main
75, tan Francisco. Cal. ! -,£B9KBMBBiMRBRSS3IS3
UH.\ K. A 1 IK ; .N ANDMAURICKL. ASHKK..
ally a at law, rma aid, 5 16. &ih floor, Parrou old*.
EDUCATION At.
R~~7jsl^.K~L?l£A_fKsr"A " T^oIT^jF^LIGHT^
line Shorthand.", teacher iof shorthand, type- ;
writing, bookkeeping and languages, will receive
pupils for private Instruction day ana evening;
terns taucht: Earaes, Ist_c Pitman. Be tin Pit-
man, Graham, Munson and Marsh; dictation for
speed. Room 70, Flood building. .
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST—
Bookkeeping, . business practice, shorthand,
typing, -telegraphy, languages, English branches,
electrical engineeiing; -..0 teachers; 16,000 gradu-
ates; day and evening sessions; catalogue.
AY RES', THE LEADING COLLEGE, 325
J\- Montgomery- St.; individual ; instruction in
shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, telegraphy, eta:
lite scholarship $60: . low rates per week and mo.
NGINEEKING SCHOOL: MECH.. ELKC.
civil, mining, survey, assay, archlu. X ray
tanght:es.!B64. A. VAN PER N Ai_L<-.N,7J3 Mkt
|>OOKKEEPINii THOROUGHLY IN t) WEEKS
XJ or year's course free; only accountant teaching.
TARP., room 672, Parrott Emporium building.
STIEHL'S SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS
c ollege. 723 Market st ; expenses less and
scboiarshlp better than elsewhere: day aud night.
ELAaCO'a LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
I Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehear**!
on nage. K. 5 and 12. 1. O. O. F. block. 7th and Mk;
OSS— VOICE CULTURE: ELOCUTION. RE-
moved to Dononoebldg.cor MarketiteTaylorsts.
OOKKPNG. WKITNO. AKITHMTC. (IRAMII,
day & night: no clause*; $5 month. 846 Mission.
"VriGHTSCIIOOL:HEALD >
-L> Post ;cocimerclal, shorthand, English ;low rates.
PROF. LOUIS MEKKI: VIOLIN. MANDOLIN,
guitar, cornet: reasonable. 225 Genry.nr. Powell.
/~1 UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons. $3 mo. "• Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth.
INGING; PIANO: PARIS GRADUATE;
French.'Jerman lanLMiaees:<2 mo. avliu-.r7.
LIHTHS— MAKIiiAGES— DEATHS,
f Birth, xnarrlasre and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They must be handed In a", j
either of the publication offices and be indonai
witotue uameand residence of persons aui-oriiol
to have tiiu tximu published. ]
BOX.V.
GREVES-In this city. November 25, 1893, to the
wife of James Groves, a daughter.
HOLLINGSWORTH— In this cltv, November 26.
1896, to the wife of E. V. Hollingsworth, a
daughter.
JORDAN— this city, November 28, 1898, t0 the
wife of Peter A. JorJan, a sou.
WIENER— In this city, November 29, 1886, to
the wife of M. Wiener, a son.
DIED.
Angel), Elsie A. Griffin. Thomas
Breon, Paul Handle-.-. James H.
Bumsiead. Mrs. E. A. Kin,' Augustus B.
Clifford, Hanora Krumholz, Ethel
Co.eman. John E. W. Lagan, Rev. M. "*••■ ■
Connelly, Veronica Lelva, Remijio
Coaroy, Cailypso Lewlu, Louis
DiehL Anna M. O'Farrell, Henrietta '
Drake. Agues F. Peters, F. M. L.
Elster, Charlotte Rlndge. Lucy A. P.
Falkinham, Joseph J. Schoen, Frederics S.
Van Clief. Hon. Peter
. .• ~
ANGF.LL— In Oakland, November 28. 1898, Elsie
A. An^ell, a native* or Rhode island, aged 81
years 1 1 months and 8 days.
BUT Friend? and acaualntance* nr» reside.-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock p. _.. from the Firit
.tree .Ban:ist Church, Twenty- first street, h*.
tween San Pablo avenue and Brush street, Oak-
land. ' Interment private. * • '
BRKON— In this city. November 29. 1898. Paul
Ur on. beloved husband of . Christine Breon. a
iiii'.i ve of Alsace, agel 63 years 4 monihj and 26
days.
«3-Friend-( are resDectfullv Invite 1 to attend
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at
12:30 o'cuics p. _ at Masonic Teiuuie. corner
Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-
pices of Oriental Lodge No. 144. F. and A. M
interment Mountain View Cemetery. Please
' omit flowers. . . ■
BUMSTEAD— In this city. November 29. 1898.
Mr. E. A. Bunisiead, a native or Vermont, aged
83 years.
JS9rFriendi and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
THIS DAY (Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. at
tne par.or-i of H. F. .-uhr & Co.; 1209 Mission
stree:. near Eighth. Remains to be forwarded
to Sacramento, Cal.
CLIFFORD— Tn. this city. November 26. 1893."
Hauora CliSord, a native ot Ireiaai, a *ci 73
years. , ?::;'.v .;• .. .
COLEMAN— In this city, November 29. 1*93.
John E. W.. beloved husband of La vinia E. Cole-
man, and brother of the late Jam?* E. Colaman,
M.D., a native of Portsmouth, N. 11., aged 73
years 1 month and -5 days. -
Notice of funeral nsrsaftor.
CONNELLY— In this city, November 29. 1896.
Veronica, beloved daughter of Edward and
Mary Connelly, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months.
COS ROY— In this city. November JJto, 1896. Cai-
lypso E., Infant aaiizhter 01 J. G. and Ella F.
* C'oaroy, a native of San Francisco, aged • 5
mouths.
DIKHL— In this city. November 28, 1896, Anna
Margretha Diehl. beloved child of John and
■ Anna .Margretha Diehl. .: and -tiister of Lizzie,
Henry, Conrad, Peter aud. the late Hermann
Diehl, a native of Sau Francisco, aged i. year 5
. months and 19 days. .
■ «yFrlendi and . acaualntnnci are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at a o'clock p. _.. uom the residence
or the parents. s!^i Church avenue, between
Broadway anJ Vaiiejo street, near Powell,
thence to St. Paul's Church, 1419 Howard street,
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DRAKE— In this city, November 28, 1896, Agnes
F., beloved daugbter of Mrs. Margare: Drake,
and sister of Mary, Elizabeth, John and Joseph
Drake. ;
*_-euneral THIS DAY (Monday), from
; her late residence. 912 Ellis stree-..
ELSTER— In this city. November 28. 1896. Char-
lo:te Elsier, beloved wife of Peter Elster. and
mother, or clarence Elster, a native of Modoo
County. CaL, agei 22 years and 4 months.
B3T Friends and acquaintance* ari> respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral THIs DAY
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of James Hagan.. 445 Valencia street.
luiermem Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . .
FALKINHAM— In Alameda, November 29,1893,
Joseph Jewel: kin ham, beloved husband of
Marlen Fnlkinham., father of Joseph Oliver. Eva
B. and Nellie v a kinh:nn, and son of R. A.
Falktnham of Minnesota Junction. WU., a na-
tive of Burnett, Wis., a,"el 52 years and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintances arc rexpscl-
fnllr invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1210 Grand street, Alameaa. services un-
. der the ausrices of the Masons. Interment prh
* vate. Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
GRIFFIN— In Oakland, November 27, 1883.
Thomas Griffin, * native of Ireland, aged 118
years . •
HANdLEY— In this city, November 26. 1896.
James H. Handiey, a native of Maine, <igel 66
years.
KING— In Oakland. November 29, 1898. Augus-
tus B , beloved husoani of Clara H. King, and
father of Mrs. F. M. TllUon and Arthur King,
a native of London, England, aged HO years and
S months.
43" Friends and acquaintance are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. _.. at
the residence of >'. M. Til I son, O.'O Poplar street,
Oakland. Interment private, Mountain View
Cemetery.
KRUMHOLZ— In this city, November 28, 1896.
Ethel, ■ dearly beloved daughter of John and
Johanna Krumiiolz. and sister of Emtilean4
Elizabeth Krumhoiz, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 years and 2 months. .
LAGAN— In this city, November 27, 1896. Rev.
M. Lagan of : Redwood City. Cal., a native of
Couatv Derry. Ireland, aged 37 years.
SiTThe funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Monday), at « :S0 o'clock a. _ from the pa-
roe, aim residence of St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, thence to St. Mary 's Cathedral, O'Farrell
street and Van Ness avenue, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a. — .
interment Mount calvary Cemetery.
Y. M. C. U.— Loyola Assembly No. 1, Young
Men's Catholic Union: Members of the above-
named assembly are requested to attend the re-
quiem mass for the repose of th sou of our de-
parted brother. Rev. M. J. La;an, at St. Mary's
Cathedral, THIS DAY (Monday), at 10 o'clock
a. it. Yours fraternally,
M. B. CASIiY, President.
J. J. Powebs, Bee. Sec.
LEI — In the City and County Hospital, No-
vember 28. 1893, Remijio Lelva. aged 50 yean.
LEWIN— In this city, November 27, 1896. Louis
Lewln, a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years.
O'FARRELL— In this city, November 27, 1891,
Henrietta . O'Farrell. a native of San Francisco,
a.e.i 3 years and 9 month*.
PKTERS— In this city, November 29, 1896. F. M.
L. Peters, beloved husband of Martha E. Pet?»,
and father of J. F. Peters, Mrs. M. Maisou and
Mrs. L. soother, a native 01 Boston, Mass., aged
66 years 6 months and 29 days.
RINDGE— In this city. November 29. 1896, Lucy
A. P., wife of Harrison A. Rmisre, eldest daugh-
ter of tha lain Captain L. L. and N. C Batcbelder,
and sister of the hue Mrs- William Shipley aud
- K:ueC.,Levi P., William S. and H. Lincoln Batch- .
eider, a iiu.ive of Portland, Me., ageJ 47 year*
10 months and 29 days."-.-i?#fe!^;
49* Notice of funeral hereafter
SCHOEN— In this city. November 29, 1896, Fred-
erick t-ebastlau Schoen, beloved son of John J.
aad Elizabeth Schuen, a native ot San Francisco,
»<e<l 18 years 10 moniha and 10 days. " ,-
- AT* Friends , and acaualntancai ar-"> respect-
fully Invited to attend tnn funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the reii-
deuce of his parents. 15 Webster street, oe- :
tvreeu Fulton and McAllisier. thence to su Boal-
face Church, . Goldea -Gate avenue, between
Jones and Leavenworth stree s. wncre a solemn
requiem hiijh mass will Dc celebrated for ma
repose ol his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock a.m.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. .
VAN.CLIKK— In this city, ; November 29, 1893,
" lion. Peter Van Clief. a Commissioner of the
Supreme : Conn of California, aged 78 years 10
-month* aud 3 days. '
. - Funeral and Interment-private.
' ' WJCAVOY A CAX.LACHER,' I
FONERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMKRS
; SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. '
. ,' X _ Telephone 3080.
1 ' ■ " '"" '" 1 1 .
MOUNT OLIVET CEMETERY,
SAN M ATEO COUNTY: NEAREST CKMB.
U tery to the city; non-sectarian; in no sen** ex-
clusive; location unexcelled. - Ottc« VV7 Marktf
•ureel, souibeait coru«r «l :»_;_, •:
1112
The Late Peter Van Qief.
PETER VAN CLIEF
AMONG THE DEAD
Sketch of the Life of an
Eminent Citizen and
Jurist.
High Testimonials to the Char-
acter of Another '40,21-
Who Is Gone.
The Creation cf an Intermediary
Court May Prevent the Appoint
ment of His Successor.
The State of California has lost another
honored citizen and an eminent jurist
from the roll of its pioneers.
At 1:30* o'clock yesterday afternoon
Judge Peter Van Clief, Commissioner of
the Supreme Court, after a lingering ill
ness of two months, died at the residence
of his son-in-law, W. F. Herrin, the prom
inent Southern Pacific Company's attor
ney, at 2530 Broadway.
Many old friends at Downieville, where
ihe Judge practiced law in • his earlier
days, heard of his death later in the alter
noon, and the fact that the flags ot
Downieville are now flying at half-mast
snows the widespread esteem in which he
was held in that city. A telegram re
ceived by Mr. Herrin last evening notified
him that the flags had been lowered out
of respect ior the dead jurist.
The ran^e of Peter Van Cliefs life shows
a broad experience aDd a self-reliant char
acter. There is no better illustration of
the latter fact than a little episode in his
career which occurred at the Platte River,
where he was one man among many who
came in a flock of prairie schooners which
left Ohio for California when the flow of
people first began to follow the setting
sun.
The party arrived at the Platte River,
which was then greatly swoilen by rains
or thaws of mountain snow. They were
afraid to ford it, and decided to camp on
the banks until the volume of water sub
sided. Young Peter Van Clief dissented.
He "warn the river with his gun, and
alone across the wilderness made his way
to California. He claimed to be the first
white man who saw Lake Tahoe.
hie first went into Nevada, Piumas and
Sierra counties, where he followed the oc
cupation of a miner for a whi!e. Then he
took up the practice of law with consider
able success, having read law in Ohio be
fore he started West, his headquarters
being in Downieville. In 1853 he was ap
pointed Judge of the old Seventeenth Dis
trict Court, including the counties of
Sierra and Piumas, t>y Governor Welier.
After his term expired he praciiced law
in and about Downieville from about l#JO
to about 1870. Then he went to Marysviile,
where he continued in the practice of his
profession till about 1877, when he came
to San Francisco and here he has since
resided.
There was no better legal talent on the
coast in those days than was found at
Downieville, and Peter Van Clief was one
of the most prominent in hia profession.
He was interested in every case* of impor
tance which came into court.
From 1852 up to about tne date of the
Civil War there were in practice In
Downieville, in addition to Judge Van
Clief, such nonor^d moi 33 Airon A. Sar
gent, Niles Scnrles, Harry I. Thornton,
Senator W. A. Stewart and Judge McFar
land.
After he removed to this City Judge
' KEW TOOAr.
**^ — Absolutely Pure — ■
There is no aid to the
house-wife so ggreatt t
no agent so potent in
relief for the dyspeptic,
as the Royal Baking
Powder*
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO^ *&*>*&!& !
Van Clief usually spent his summer* in
Downieville and his winters here. In
May, 1889, he was appointed one of the
Commissioners of the Supreme Court by
the court, and he continued to be a com
missioner up to the t:me of his death, lie
was born In the State of Ohio, January 26,
1818—78 years of age.
Judge Van Clief wrote a number of
sound articles for newspapers on the con
stitutional amendment in 1863, and a
Fourth of July oration which he deliv
ered in Downieville in 18U5 is another in
dication of his interest in public and Na
tional affairs. Many other articles of a
political nature were written by him and
published, but the fact that he seldom
signed them is an illustration of his
modest personality. He was a man who
did not seefc notoriety.
He took a prominent part in the noted
debris ca~es in 1577-78. The first action in
that case, the title of which was Keys vs.
The Little York Mining Company, ;vas
brought by Jud^e Van Clief, and he may
be said to have initiated this litigation.
The Judge leaves several children and a
widow. By his first marriage he leaves
two dauehter — Mrs. Hiram L. Gear of San
Francisco and Mrs. Cowdeti of Phoenix,
Ariz. The only child of his second mar
riage is now Mrs. W. P. Herriu.
Judge Van Clief was a man of the high
est integrity and a fast friend whose char
acter was unfolded the fullest only to his
intimate friends. He has been suoken of
as a man of "impracticable honesty." He
had a judicial mind, was a man of wide
learning and thoroughly fitted for the re
sponsible position he held.
Judge Thomus B. McFarland, Associate
Justice of the Supreme Court of California,
has known Judge Van Ciief for many
years. He said last evening: "I am sur
prised to learn of his death. Peter Van
Cliei was a man of much ability and
learning. He was thorough-going and
nad a laree practice before lie went on the
bench. I have known him since 1855
or '50."
Judge Niles Sear! es, an associate com
missioner, has known Judge Van Clief
since 1852. He was seen last night at his
apartments in the St. Nicholas Hotel. He
said: "I have known Peter Van Clref
intimately for over forty years. He was a
good lawyer, had a thorough and logical
mind, a fine constitution, and had won
derful industry. He was not a great jury
lawyer, but in the argument of Taw ques
tions and the preparation of briefs for the
court ot last resort he had very few supe
riors. He understood words and their
meaning and the English language thor
oughly.
"He left in August, I think, on his
vacation. He returned from a stag?
ride down the mountains, where he
hid mining claims, strained in his right
shoulder'and side. This extended to bis
stomach and for weeks be realized he was
on his deathbed. Judge Van Clief has
lived a useful life. He did not make as
much noise as many men o< half his abil
ity. He was thorough, able and an honest
lawyer."
Tiie question of Judge Van Chef's suc
cessor has already arisen in those circles
which realize the importance of the posi
tion. The salary of Supreme Court Com
missioner is $tiooo a yeur, as much as the
Justices of the Supreme Court. The legis
lative act creating the Supreme Court
Commissioners will expire next May, and
the question has arisen as to whetlier the
Legislature this winter will continue the
commission.
There has been a feeling among the
attorneys of California for several years
that an appellate court, which shall have
final jurisdiction and power in cases of a
certain class, should be created, and if
such action be taken this winter by the
Legislature the Supreme Court Commis
sioners will be abolished. This feeling is
said to be widespread, and, under the cir
cumstances, it is considered doubtlul that
the Supreme Court will make an appoint
ment to the vacancy, or that any compe
tent lawyer would accept an appointment
for so uncertain a term.
ORCHESTRAL CONCERT.
■■ ' '■ .■■■•■- »
...••--■,•: . 9
Slme. Fannie Bloomfield-Zelgler Scores
Another Succesn at the Baldwin,
• Last ' Night.
There wns a large, fashionab'e and criti
cal audience in the Baldwin Theater last
evening, the occasion being the orchestral
concert given by Fannie Bloomfield-Zeis
ler in conjunction with the Hinrichs-Beel
orchestra. The following programme was
successfully rendered :
Overture, "Prometheus," by the orchestra:
Chopin's concerto for piauo and orchestra, op.
21. F minor, maestoso, lart;hetto, allegro
vivace, Fannie Bloomfk-ld - Zeisler; Grieg's
"Air from Suite, Aus Holbergs Zeit," orches
tra; Rubinstein's concerto for piauo and or
chestra, oi>. 70, D minor, moderato, mnderato
assai. allegro, Fannie Bloomtield-Zeisler;
Lilolff's scherzo from concerto (with orches
tra), op. 10'Z, D minor, Fannie BioomfTeld-Zels
ler; MoszkowsUi's Spanish dance, orchestra.
The talented performer won the plaudits
of the entire audience in the rendition of
Chop.n's Concerto, and Siirmund Beel
came in for a share of the iccogtiition for
ihe excellent manner la which beaded in
unison with tne pianiMe. When Mme.
Z»i«!er rendered Lltolfffl creution she
caused such enthusiasm that the audience
demanded encore niter encore and she
graciously responded by giving a waltz
and a mutch by Schubert. The numbers
by the orchestra we:e well rendered and
weil received.
The announcement was made that Mra<\
Zsisler wih give a farewell reciial in
Metropolitan Hall next Saturday after
noon, and this will be at popular prices.
Catholic Services.
Saturday morning next a Triduum will be
commenced ai St. Mary's Church on California
street. Tais is in preparation for the Feast of
Immaculate Conception, which will be cele
brated December 8. The Triuuum will be
three days of devotion, consisting of rosary
a:xl litany of the Btoued Virgin.
On the lirst Sunriuv In December, by order of
the Most Kevcrcnd Archbishop, a special col
lection will be taKoti up in all tho churches of
the arch diocese of San Francisco for the Pope.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1896.
RACING AGAIN
ON THIS SIDE
Ingleside Furnishes a Great
Card of Running
Evsnts.
A Number of Eastern Horses at
the Barrier ior the First
Time.
Damien and Salisbury II Will Try
Conclusions Over a Mile— The
Coming Winter's Sale.
By far the most attractive card of the
season is the one offered race eoers to-day
at Ingleside, the opening d.ty of the semi
monthly meeting. The good horses who
have gradually been "keyed up to it" are
beginning to make their appearance and
the splendid lot of entries in the different
events to be decided this afternoon has
awakened renewed interest in the game.
The action of the Incieside Association
in offering a $.">OO purse each day for a race
over a distance of ground, meets with the
hearty approval of all owners and the
Pacific Coast Jockey Ciub is to be con
gratulated for its enterprise. Too many
"dog" dashes work a detriment to the
sport and are not popular with the public.
Among the starters which will face the
barrier to-day for the first time on either
of the local courses are: Tom Elmore,
Morte Fonse, The Dragon, (Salvation,
Woodchopper, Clisse B and Gutta Percha,
all very cood performers. In the mile
dash Salisbury 11, who was worked on a
full mile, which he finished in l:40l£ at
the conclusion of his winning race at Oak
land on Saturday, will Jock horns with
Pat Dunne's Damien, and it will not be
surprising if the track record of I:4l}^ is
lowered.
Charles Carmichael, owner of the well
known racehorse, Cash Day. registered at
a downtown hotel last evening from Chi
cago.
Ab Etemler has been obliged to retire
some of the El Primero stable horses
temporarily on account of various ail
ments. The speedy Fleur de Lis broke
down and Lodestar is also in a bad way
from lameness. I'ueno, the black horse,
is not doing well, and altogether the
string is in a badly crippled condition.
Marty Bergen, the quiet and gentle
manly jockey froiu New York, is back
with us again this winte-. Marty may
possibly not ride with the same dash anS
vfgor of former days, out he is honest and
his mounts always come in for substantial
backing.
Reports from New York say the popu
lar trainer James McCormick is not
mending very rapidly. His little son and
daughter will leave here for home on Sat
urday next and rumor has it that the
trainer's condition is very precarious.
The yearlings from Theodore Winters'
Rancho del Sierra — twenty-one in ail —
will pass under the hammer on Wednes
day evening, December 3, at Killip & Co.'s
salesyard. Market street and Van Ness
avenue, and a superb-looking lot they are.
James Grant, manager for Mr. Winters,
has charge of the youngsters, and with a
great deal of pride shows the racy-looking
sons and daughters of El Rio Rey and Joe
Hooker to visito s. Among those to be
sold are a brother to Belle Boyd, a full
brother to Bonanza and a brother to
Quantreil. In alluding to the latter hand
some colt, Mr. Grant says if he is not a
racehorse he will quit guessing. A filly
by El Rio Rey from the great mare Louise
M is considered one of the stars of the
sale. In 189*2, at Chicago, Louise M
showed the way to Racine in a mile and a
furlong stake event, the first mile of which
was covered in 1 :38}/£.
Speaking of El Rio Rey, who swept
everything before him as a two-year old
and was the idol of American racegoers,
Manager Grant says the big chestnut
looks in grand condition and acts as
though he would like ones more to an
swer the post call. What a rare drawing
card he would be if Mr. Winters could be
indnced to exhibit him at the coming
Horse Show.
The California Jockey Club will put a
large force of men at work to-morrow
How One Natural Hair-Restorer Affected Fido.
morning grading the inside track on their
Oakland course, and expect to have it
ready for the gallopers by the time the
next meeting opens.
Following is a complete list of the en
tries for to-day's running events at Ingle
side:
First race, five and one-half furlongs— lso
Tryst 103. 39 Atticus 115. 75 Moreno 107,
'O Spinning Boy 103, 39 Pornouiie 110,
Pink Smith 106.91 Rebekah 107, 148 Man
ranillo 103. 134 Alinia Oweu 107, 154
Valdos 107, Senator Morg&n 107, 177 Vivo
Second rnce. mile and a furlong: selling—
(84) Governor Budd 100, Tom Elmore 109,
115 Tenacity 97, 134 Ked Glenn 94, Morte
Fonse H'_>, isi \avy Blue 91, 154 Bnby Bill
100, 14(5 Scimitar 07,92 Gallant 109, Fi-Fi
107, 155 Articus 103.
Third race, one mile— l 34 Kamsln 91,(163)
Salisbury II io« GO Damien 94,140 i horn
hill 103, The Driujon 94, 78 Gratify 91,
(109; Lincoln II 87 98 lustallfttor 110, Sal
vation 103.
Fourth race, seven furlongs— 9o Alvarado
102, 111 Midlo 105 I^3 Earl Cochran 100.
153 Palmerstoti 112 90 Rrddington 107, 120
Key del Bmdiaoi 112, 163 Instigator 97,
Camella 109.
Fifth ra«-e, six furlongs, selling— l 42 Luckr
Dog 108, Toano 107, Kowalsky 103, Fortuna
108, Wooaihopper lorf. (101) Preston 111.
Adolpn Spreckels 103. 95 Mis-s Cunningnam
107,cli»sle B 100. 139 Doubtful 100,(70) Ostler
Joe 103, Mmberry 108,103 Trappeaii 102, Gutta
Percha 109.
Sixth race, five and ft half furlongs— James
Porteus 118, RRcina 110, 87 Popinjay 110, The
Tourm 118. 53 Mystic Mtizf 118, Arrezo 100,
Sardonyx imported filly 115, Lady Torso 115,
150 Sly 107. 154 Soniro'llO, Da Capo 115, 148
El Ladroue 110.
FITCH IN THE FIGHT.
Chief Crowley's Old Opponent Looking
for the Superintenclency of
MiDiii Buildings.
The Board of Education-elect is caucus
ing now and apportioning out the patron
ag ' to the lucky ones who are able to get
chairmanships.
The main purpose of the next meeting
j is supposed to be the appointment of a
| Superintendent of the Building of Schools,
one of the most important positions in
the department, in view of the fact that
the board must rely upon that official's
I report in all matters pertaining to build
j ins; and remodeling.
Superintendent Kincaid, who is the in
cumbent, runs a strong fi r st in the fight.
There are numerous other candidates —
O'Brien, Casey, McNamara and Con
nelly — who have never figured before the
public in search of the appointment, so it
is to b<» presumed that Kincaid. will have
a walkover against them.
It is not so, however, with Ben Fitch, a
first-class mechanic of the old school,
whose claim for precedence is getting a
j strong backing.
Fitch is part of the history of this State
and Nevada. He was the foreman in the
building of the Montgomery block, one of
the iew remaining landmarks of pioneer
days. He built the courthouse, jail and
State University at Eiko, .NVv., where he
| was Sheriff in 1868-72 and in 1880-84.
But the most interesting part of Ben
Fitch's career is when, in the 70s. he was
a candidate ngainst Patrick Crowley, the
incumbent, for the position of Chief of
Police of this City ana County.
W. C. Ralston, the Jim Fisk of Califor
nia, was then in his plory, and he favored
Crowiey, and that settled Ben Fitch's
chances. He was defeated an. l went back
to £!ko. He has been a resident of this
State for more than five years, and he
hopes to be seen at work again building
the public schools.
PAUL BREON 'S DEATH.
The Commission Merchant Succumbs to
a Strake of Paralyais at the
Baldwin Hotel.
Paul Breon, a prominent merchant of
the firm of Wheaton, Breon <fe Co., died of
paralysis at his apartments in the Baldwin
Hotel yesterday morning. He was pros
trated by a paralytic stroke two weeks
ago. and since that time the attending
physicians had little hope of his ultimate
recovery.
Mr. Breon was an active and auccpssful
merchant. As a post trader at Fort Yunia
and in general merchandise business on
the frontier he acquired considerable I
money. About eight years ago he bought !
an inteiest in the firm of commission mer- i
chants, of which George H. Wheaton is
the senior partner, and since devoted him
self diligently to business.
During the" World's Columbian Exposi
tion at Chicago Mr. and Mrs. Breon lost
their only son. a young man 'M yeare of
age. The snock was so severe that the
mother's life was in peril for some mouths.
Mr. Breon was a companionable and
genial man, but his sorrows drew him
closer to his business in tne day and to his
home circle in the evening. So he was
not as widely known as others of less force
in the mercantile community. He w:is a
member of the Bohemian Club and very
highly regarded by his fellow-members.
Mr. Breon was born in Lorraine and was
53 years of age.
WILL HAIR GROW
ON BALD HEADS?
Benefits of Professor New
comb's Efforts in
Massachusetts.
Douglass White and Others Most
Interested Are Very
Hcpeiul.
A Discovery That May Change the
Appearance cf the Front
Row at a Ballet.
Again comes a remedy for bald head?.
Like the cures for colds, rheumatism
and every other ailment, a panacea blos
soms on ihe twigs of every tree; humani
tarians pluck and hand it around.
It is different this time in one respect,
for it is allied in a way to the mysterious
X rays.
Professor George Newcomb, demon
strator of physics at the State Normal
School of Salem, Mass. , is the discoverer
of the new process that is likely to turn
the front rows of a ballet dress circle into
the strong hirsute vegetation of a football
team.
Edison seems to have caused the blind
10 see by means of the X rays, ana New
comb believes he can make dead, decayed
or lethargic hair bulls come to life,
fresh or vigorous, by means of the high
induction coil.
Professor Newcomb gives it out to the
world that hjs fingernails and skin
dropped off with pnin excruciating during
his experiments with the rays, but wheu
he desisted both returned in due time,
and with an accompanying growth of huir
"unnsual and surprising."
The physicians of this City are not pre
pared at this time to give an opinion as
to the possible merits of Professor New
comb's alleged discovery; still they are
not inclined to doubt anything advanced
by so distinguished a professor.
It therefore leaves the bald-headed
men, who are most interested in the
weather, to sit and ponder whetner "it is
the same old gag."
Dou>; White, the best story-teller in this
City, not to talk of the State, never tak«s
his hat off when entertaining his friends.
He fears, somehow, that the luster of his
high forehead might add age to his anec
dotes. He is a siceptic on hair invigor
ators, whether they be scientific, natural
or otherwise. Some five years a«o his
friend \V. J. Ritchie, now almost a mil
lionaire in London, discovered a wonder
ful spring in Southern California. Whi;e
was asked to interest himself in placing
the water before the public, as it was not
only a healthful beverage but it had a
wonderful power of restoring hair. A
man named Phil Montague was the local
agent, and he and White went to the
springe on a tour of inspection. With
him White had his little hairless Japan
ese dog, which tripped along merrily,
sniffing around the brush until a work
man yelled:
"The dog is in the creek !"
Sure enough, Fido came floating down
the stream and Montague rescued him
after having waded up to his knees in the
water.
Doug White was as excited as a mother
might have been over a similar predica
ment in which her child was the main
actor. He grasped Fido to himself and
nestled him closely unaer his warm coat.
A half hour later, when the dog ceased
shivering, he dropped him to romp on the
sward.
It was no more the Japanese hairless
dog, but an ugly Dewbiskered pup that
gamboled about, with long hairs like
those of King Charles drooping over his
eyes.
The little fellow jumped all around
While and sniffed at Him with a vim that
indicated he knew his master.
It may be sia'ed that White was un
aware that Montaeue had pinned a bit of
meat on his coattail and the hungry hair
covered Jap was after it.
Montague explained how beneficial the
Waters from the spring were if they could
grow hair on a dojr in a few minuter.
\V hite was dubious and as a master
stroke, he asked Montague to show him via
calves.
"You were in the creek after the dog;
let's see what effect the water has had
upon you."
"That's so," said Montague, as ho
raised the bottom of his trousers, and
there, sure enough, were Jong red hairs
plentiful enough lor a wig, but they were
damp and soaking, making tnem lose
much of their bushiness.
White says he thinks he was taken for a
good thing down south on that spring
water for Bald people, and he doesn't be
lieve in the Massachusetts genius.
While White is a skeptic, he is hopeful
thai science will so advance as to add to
his otherwise handsome head.
"And there are others."
Take Tom Shaw, for instance. He it is
whose friends are mostly found among
tbe railroad agents. There is a threaten
ing bald spot on t tie apex of a level head.
"I've been wasting Old Tom Gtu morn
ing and night on that one spot for nearly
five years." Tom stated yesterday. Then
he showed the piace, which looked like a
well swept tennis lawn.
George H. Sil! ol : San Jose, Joe Parker
of this City, HarrY Collins and a lot of
other prematurely bald are on the anxious
seat.
Police Judge Campbell takes a contrary
view of tne whole matter. He looks upon
the new discovery somewhat in the light
of a Delilah. His whiskers carried him
through to election in the last campaign
and he fears that next time others may by
trying the new remedy on their chin come
forth with an equally luxuriant growth.
The hairdressers of the City are not very
anxious. Since an authority on high art
has established a fad to have mansard
roofs made in Paris there has not been
innch demand for the like in this country;
hence there can be little lost.
UNDER ROLLING WHEELS.
A Switchman Seriously Injured by a
Train on .Kentucky Street.
John Flahiss, a switchman employed by
the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
met with a serious accident at 5 o'clock
yesterday morning on the company's Ken
lucky-hireet track. It was Flahiss' duty
to open and close the switches on this line
as tlie yard engine passed and repassed
while sidetracKine and making up the
freight trains which go from the Long
bridge at the foot of Fourth street.
In performing h;s duties Flahiss was
thrown or fell under the wheels of a train,
and had his left leg badly crushed at the
knee joint. Policeman J. M. Lewis, who
was on duty in the vicinity, tel> phoned to
the Southern police station for the patrol
wagon, and tne unfortunate switchman
wa.-> taken to St. Mary's Hospital, where
the crushed and mangled limb was ampu
tated at the hip joint. Ihe physician who
attended him gave it as his opinion that
the injuries will prove fatal.
« — ♦ — »
A strange custom prevails in Siam when
a funeral is passing. The female observers
take down their hair, and the men feel in
their pockets for a piece of metal to place
between their teeth.
Watches, Diamonds, Jewe'.ry. at greatly reduced
prices; buldlug 10 be removed. 6 and 7 1 bird »v
HEW TO-DAY— GOODS. .■ ,
TWO
SPECIAL
BARGAINS
IN
IMPORTED
NOVELTY
DRESS PATTERNS!
At $5.25 Each.
250 COLORED FRENCH
NOVELTY BOUCLE AND '
PIREOLA DRESS PAT-
TERNS, in Two-Toned ef-
fects, all the very latest
colorings.
i; At $6.00 Each.
175 BLACK ENGLISH NOV-
ELTY CHEVIOT DRESS
PATTERNS, in 10 different
designs, goods full 54
inches in width.
Samples of above goods sent free to any
address.
' TELEPHONE O-K,A.2STT 124.,
111, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
KINDNESS TO ANIMALS.
Rev. W. A. Gardner Declares
It Is the High Law of
Heaven.
He Ana'yz s It fjr the Benefit of His
Congregation in the West-Side
C urch.
The Rev. W. A. Gardner preached an
interesting sermon at the West Side
Christian Church. Bush street, near Devis
adero, last night, on "Kindness to Ani
mals." His audience was so large that
not a seat was vacant in the church and,
besides, many chairs were occupied in the
rear.
Mr. Gardner said that men are often
cruel to animals while kind to people
about them. The man who keeps the law
of kindness will be kind to children and
to beasts of all kinds that God has given
him dominion over. God has not given
man dominion over animals to do as one
pleases with them. There are cretain
rights which men have over animals, the
right to use them for food, for instance,
which is given by the Jaw ot Moses and of
Christ. He continued:
"Christ cooked ti.«h for his disciples, but
I don't think he cooked them as fish, are
cooked for you now."
Then the preacher narrated an instance
that came under his notice, where a
lobster was boile<l alive to give it a nice
red color. He also knew of a woman on
the plains who put live fish on the coals
and watched them squirm in their agony,
and then ate them.
"God has created scores of animals," he
said, "for us to domesticate for our own
uses. There are certain cirrum stances
where a horse may suffer righteously
for the benefit of man. I can con
ceive of a circumstance where a horse
may be ridden to death and not against
the law of kindness— :o save a human life.
"But the terrible driving and riding for
sport are evidence that the driver is under
the influence of Satan, and not only a
violator of the laws oT California, but of
the higher law of heaven. We do not
violate the great law of kindness when we
u<e animals for our legitimate purposes.
"I can see no violation of the law of
God in keeping pets in the family, yet
sometimes we violate the law of Christ
when v« turn children over to the nurse
and let the dog take their place. When
the mother does to she 13 violating the
great law of kindness. If a man will
abuse animals he will sometimes
abuse his children. One of the things
God requires of us is to furnish animals
around us with good food aud with shel
ter.
"The great law of heaven, this law of
kindnofs, is higher than the law of
honesty, and tho man who is violating
that law is breaking that which is uigher
than the law, 'Thou shalt not steal.' I
believe it is right that animals should be
protected irom beintr wantonly and waste
fully destroyed. In this country to-day
thousands of birds are wantonly slaugh
tered for decorating women's hats. In
one year in Missouri 500,000 red birds were
ki.led for trimming of bats. They were
caught ia trans and skinned alive. God
has not created birds for that purpose. I
don't think women are cruel, but merely
forgetful and I hope that in luture some
of the ladies present will wear something
cisc in their hats."
An experienced farmer asserts that if
one-half of the fruit of a heavily laden
tree is removed by picking the remainder
will be ot" better quality. The product wilt
also be as many bushels as though all of
the fruit had remained on the tr«e.
Bargain* In fine dress suits. J. Edlin, 617
Market itreet, under Palace Hotel* *
Come, feast your eyes on
the lovely things imported
for your pleasure and dis-
played here. We won't urge
you to buy.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
Monday — Tuesday — Wednesday
Coffee, Pasha blend lb. 30c
regularly 37J^c. :
Popular because excellent quality.
Whiskey OK gal. $3.00
bot. 3 for $2.00
regularly gal $4, bot $L
A pure medicinal whiskey.
Lazeran sardines tin 20c
regularly 25c.
1 Best oil, splendid Hah.
Chutneys
regularly quarts 75c . quart SOc
regularly pints 50c. pint 35c
Smyrna figs
Pulled, regularly 3-1 b. box $1 '■ 60c
Layer, regularly 6-lb. box |1.50 f LOO
Prunes
; V 3 regularly ioc. ■ 4 lbs. 25c
Some fancy holiday goods:
.; Perfumes, an elaborate display—
■ .• • : Ko^er & Gallet, Paris, cabinets of
extracts, soaps, powders, ' toilet
waters, etc., very pretty, assorted
sizes, varieties and prices.
Violet, Paris, extracts and delicate
odors in splendid variety.
Geile Freres, Houoigam, Guerlaia
. . and Legrana are all famous Parisian
r '■} perfumes; see our stock of their
goods. '
Bonbons and dinner favors.
Truffles and chestnuts. Mailliard's
candies. Prunelloes. French con-
fections. Glaca lruits.
: Lebkucben : German honey cake, dnmpf-
nusse, spitz kngeln, n.isler, macrones,
frncht brod, fish cake, ginger bread,
kaiser cake, In all 18 kinds.
Mail orders have prompt
attention. Catalogue free.
432 Pine Telephone Main l
215 Sutter " Main ill
2800 California « West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland ** Main l
COSMOFOIjIT A.TXT.
Opposite V. 8. ; Mint, : 100 and i 102 Fifth st. ; San
Francisco, Cal. —The most ' select family hottA in
the city. Board and room $1, 91 25 and $1 50 dm
day according to room. Meals 25c. Kooms T ££
and 780 a day. _ Free coach to and from thehoL«L
liooic for ite coaci bearing tho name of the Ooi